
, 
• 

TH 51 

V.I, •• 2, Iss •• 6 P,bUshed b, find '.r the Students of UCSD 6 December .961 

UC Board of Regents Meets Here 

Governor Reagan meets students head-on after the Frida v meeting 
of the Board of Regents. --Photo by Conrad Young 

For the first timein one and a 
half years, UCSD students got a 
look at the governing body .)f 
the University--the Board of Rp -
gents. 

Meeting in the Chancellor's con-
ference room, the various com-
m ittees were opened up to all 
students wishing to attend, although 
space was limited. 

For the benefit of those stud I" <; 
who were unable to attend, tt1~ 
"Triton Times" presents here a 
short description of the procedures 
and matters the committees acted 
upon , 

The Committe on Grounds a/:· 
Buildings discussed matters rang-
ing from Santa Barbara married 
students apartments to impending 
cutbacks in Federal aid. 

1\ series of slides were pr e-
ted to give tlJe members of 

committee an idea of what 
300 UCSB apartment units 

HiggsCommittee Reports 
(Here follows the report Regent 

DeWitt Higgs presented to the 
Regents on a raise in Incidental 
Fees.) 

The Special Committee on stu-
dent Charges and Student Aid re-
ports as follows: 

The Committee's charge from 
The Regents was: 
(a) To recommend to the Board 

at the earliest possible date: (1) 
a cha rge to be paid by all students, 
other than nonresidents, to finance 
a program of student aid, faculty 
enrichment and/or other uses, and 
(2) the uses and apportionment 
of the funds derived from such 
charge; and 
(b) To study and recommend 

'to the Board at the earliest pos-
sible date additional or aiternativp 
sources of revenue that might ::t> 
usen or developed to help keEp 
any c;tudent charges to the lowe:;t 
po ;.ible level. 

An organization meeting of the 
Committee, to which all Regents 
were invited, was held on Sep-
tember 23. Thereafter the Com-
mittee met on October 13, October 
21, ovember 8 and November 24. 
Invited to attend these m etings, 
in addition to the Regents, wer 
the Chancellors and the principal 
Univ rsHy-wide offic rs. 

Early in its discussions, the 
Committ e agreed that no only :.Ill 
exhaustiv study of factual and 

anal~tical d ta bearing on the sub-
jects under con ide ration would be 
requir d, but also expre sions of 
th judgement and views of mem-

bers of the University community 
would contribute importantly to the 
Committee 's deliberations. 

The President of the Stud~lIt 
President's Council was invited,to 
appeal' before the Committee, and 
on October 13, following the pre-
sentation of majority and minon:y 
statements, he and three other 
student officers joined the mem-
bers in an informal discussion. 
Th President of the Council again 
appe~red before the Committee on 
October 21 to respond to certain 
questions raised by the members. 

Representing the faculty, til 
Chairman of the Academic Council 
and the Chairman of the Senate 
University-wide Committee on Eo -
ucational Policy have attend '\! 
mp.etings of the Committee, fldding 
significantly to the Committe()'s 

Lldiberations through their par-
ticipation and their expression of 
faculty views. 

The opinions of the Chancellors 
also have been solicited, and the 
Committee acknowledges with ap-
preciation their contributions, as 
well as those of the principal 
University-wide officers. 

It has been apparent to the Com-
mittee that a definitive response 
to the Board's charges must be 
preceded by and based on an in-
depth study and analysis of (a) 
the present student fee structur 
and the ability of the students Co 
pay additional charges; (b) the 
administration of the existing stu-
dent aid programs, additional costs 
required to meet the standards 
recommended bv the Collel!e En-

(Continued on p:tge 5.) 

Marines Invade Revelle 
Last week Marines from a local 

h" ~.", came to the Revelle plaza tn 
confront stud nts over the ques-
tion of the flying of the Not th 
Vi tnam se nag. 

The Marines had read about t lip 
incident in the paper and had com 
... ;1 h the intention of removing the 
fl I;. Th y found that the flag 
\\, . no longer flying and had, in 
fact , not been for several days. 

A heat d discussion follow 
in which the Marines asked severll l 
stU(J~nts why they had allowed or 
encourag d such an act. Th topiC 
of the conversation then turned 
to the Vietnam war itself, with 

tile Marines opposing the war pro-
lr'stors. 

At this point Deans Murphy nd 
Hull interposed. They asked t~t> 
Mcl.f ines to leave and their r c-
qu st was soon complied with. 
f1ean Murphy later said that h 
I It " their purpose was disrup-
ttv and potentially violent." H 
explained his position to th rn, 
s' ying that "the purpose of the 
Plaza i s to allow fr speech in 
<Ie ordanc with the American con-
!>titution. " H said that th stu-
rtents w I' in no way violatlng 
any law by flying th North \pt-

(Continued on pag 5.) 

would look like. Such detail!': 
as ratio of car to studt>nt, closet 
Size, size of building, were ex-
plained, and after a few questions 
on things like window location, 
th(' committee okayed the pr oj ct. 

1 billion in construction ha ... 
been budgeted since 1945, the 
members were told next . ( CSD 
ranks sixth with $84 million p-
propriated) Most of the increas!:! 
in costs have been due to increasing 
rates, not square footage. Salaries 
have gone up $500,000, office costs 
have risen from 3.2 to 4.2% of 
Ih!: :otal, a.1d Federal gr ants have 
decreased over the last few years 
to 16%. 

The main pr oblem, the vice-
president for physical planning and 
construction said , is that the State 
must show increasing interest in 
putting up part of the funds for 
these projects. Thus the Feder al 
government will give the university 

70 m iHion if the state will provide 
80 million. 

would come within I i\; of the re-
quired figure stated in the 1aster 
Plan for Higher Education. 

Regent Einar O. Mohn then asked 
about the trend in the University 
toward campuses far away from 

-large, urban centers, like Irvine. 
Vice-president Angus Taylor, 

(Academic Affairs) explained that 
the reason was primarily cost of 
city property. 

Expansion of UC LA was men-
tioned as a solution to this pro-
blem--increasing the enrollment 
past the 28,000 limit. But no 
one commented on that idea. 

After the name of the British 
Over seas Center was changed, to 
include Ireland, the Study Center 
in Greece was continued, a report 
on endowments was presented. 

UCSD received over $13 million 
last year (1966- 67), a decrease 
of almost '6 million from the 
previous year. 

(Continued on page 2.) 
Reagan , Stands 
Against Students 

t< In 1968," he said, "the univer-
sity will be sor ely in need c' 
augmentation of funds" from the 
:;tate. 

£'1 answer to Regent Dutton'. Governor Reagan asked the 
:}\lestion concerning a shortage 01 fl\,,,:d of Regents Friday to take 
funds, the vice-president said, a stand against the ud nts who 
""any lack of federal funds Will flew replica of the 'orth VI t-
thruw the burden on the State and nalllPse flag on the UCSD campus. 
any delays will cost money." HI- accused the students of "bad 

ru rthermor e, the spokesm,ll taste, cruelty and disregard for 
said, if the Univer sity goes ahean the feelings" of the people wllo 
with a project without sufficient have loved ones over th reo 
backing by the State, the Feder.!, Reagan also suggest d that ~he 
gOvernment will lose confid n,'e Regents pass what "legislation is 
in the state and hold up future appropriate" to discipline unruly 
funds. stlldents who disrupt Cniver"'lt\' 

"We must maximize this source lJusiness. Student sit-ins in pruul 
of revenue," he concluded, ,,~- Hall at Berkeley prompted his 
cause otherwise any neglect " stat ment. Reagan pointed out that 
ou r part can spoil these w0rkiJlg if these activities had been dir ct-
I I ~, tionshlps ." ed at a private business, legal 

In the Educational Policy Com- actirln would have imm diately ful -
III i.ttee, controversies ranged from lowed. Action IS nece sary b -
rI~ facto segregation in fraternities caust> "appeasement," Hea n 
tc. the renaming of the nit d said, " leads to more troubl ." 
Kingdom overseas campus. His statements followed r eports 

Regents Dutton and Shepard ar- tn th Regents by Chancellors 
gl d over whether the historic Gal :'aith, Mur phv and Hevns on 
JlI ,licy of keeping the lists of m('lll- (ContinllE'n on patTe 5.) 
ho!rs of organizations secret dl'.~ 
, t in fact continue to perpetuat orrecrion 
\..gr gated fraternities. Correction: In th 27 October 

hepard said that all he ha1 t( 1967 Issue of the "Triton Times," 
1(, was call up Berkeley to find Vice-President H:!rv Sweetwood 
)ut whether th r e were any e- was quoted as aying th t an in-
~ ro s in the Sigma Chi organiz - crease of 100 in incidental fee 
tion. wou ld "just mean I' apportioning 

But Dutton said perha(\S this was $3.00 a w plr '''I'," ..... t"" '" "'\",. _ 
not enough, even though he was not tion." The paragraph should re d: 
n favor of "a racial c nsu." "Wh n Higgs asked Herv Sweet-

The next problem occurr d ov r wood how an incre e of 100 In 
'<pected failur in 1975 to attain incld ntal fees would affect him, 

t It ratio of 40-60 ratio of und 1'- th vice-pre ident said, ' I ' uppos 
gradll tes to graduat s, respec- that 1 would have to allocate $3.0 
t ,v Iy, in the niv r slty enr 11- a week from dat to ducation,'" 
ment. --Ro er Showl y 

Charles Hitch aid that th ratio L-....;T:.:r..:;it:.;:o~n....;T:.:I,;.;;m..:;e;;..s...;;...;;,..w..;;;s_E;;.;d;;,;it.;.,;o...;..r_~ 



Regents Should 
Communicate 

Brad Cleveland's interruption of the UC Regents' meeting last 
wetlk demonstrated a very serious problem facing the University: 
how to hear from the students and yet remain free of their pressures. 

The Board is made up of a group of sixteen older men and W(Imen 
who serve for sixteen years. They are supposed to guide general 
policy of the University and act on administration requests made 
by the President. This system worked well enough while the Univer-
sity was made up of the Berkeley campus alone. Even when UC LA 
was founded the Board was not too upset by divided loyalties. But 
with nine campuses and al most 100,000 students, can 16 men possi-
bly be able to cope with all the problems that arise on each campus? 

Students who attended the meetings last week must have received 
the same Impression we did that the Regents really did not know 
Wild was coming off. Measure after measure was brought up by the 
committee chairmen. Each item was beautifully typed and organized. 
One would almost feel guilty if he dared change a word or phrase. 
The Committee on Grounds and Buildings heard a professionally 
p.:rfect presentation of Santa Barbara's married students' apartments 
complex. Colored slides and hundreds of figures were thrown at the 
members for their perusal. Regent Elinore Heller enquired about 
the location of the windows, but really did not get a definite answer. 
In spite of this lack of scrutiny, the com mittee approved the pro-
ject, and full board agreement was heard the following day. 

Together with the other reports, these matters could never be 
understood completely by anyone person,yet the Regents go through 
the formalities of adopting such motions. Perhaps the Regents can 
be considered "captured" by the administration. We hope not. In 
any event, the most important point is thatthe 100,000 whom the Regents 
govern are without hearing and virtually without speech at the Board's 
sessions. 

Some day, perhaps in 25 years, the Regents will get around to dis-
cussing what Regent Dutton called "opening up channels of communi-
ration" with the student body. Right now, though, we must impress 
011 the Regents that we want to be heard. The president of the AS 
at Santa Barbara sent the board members a letter decrying their 
neglect of student problems, but few Regents bothered to comment 
on his complaints . He asked to speak before the body long before 
Cleve land ever talked to Dean Murphy about his request, but he 
was turned down. 

What we propose is something the Regents, as very conserviltive 
educators and businessmen, would categorically reject. But they 
should be aware that the students are groping for an answer them-
se Ives. In order to get attention from the Regents, students should 
sit along with them at the decision table. A representative of the 
undergraduates from each campus should be sent to each meeting, 
where two of the nine would sit on each of the five committees. Then 
one of the nine would be allowed to sit alongside the 16 members 
and ex officio members at their full Business Session where he could 
express the students' point of view when necessary. 

This proposal, of course, conjures up all sorts of problems about 
se lection, abuse of power, limits of power, a..d so on. But it is time 
the Regents did something specific to come in touch with student 
opinion. The adm inistration at Berkeley has the power to gather 
all the financial and academic facts of the operation of the-tJniversity, 
but It cannot present student opinion and viewpoint in fact s and fig-
ures. Let the Regents hear the dynamic side of the Univers ity from 
its real beneficiaries. The students are the ones who occupy those 
buildings that the Regents build, and the students are the ones who 
may someday occupy the seats of the Regents of the University of 
Californ ia. 

Editor-in-Chief 
ReMey SeM 

News Editor 
Roger Showley 

Business Ma.uger 
Geoffrey ~ Ioyle 

Sports Editor 
Dave Stea.-ns 

Feature Edi'or 
Lynne Yal borough 

Society Edit )r 
Bev Barnise 

Copy Editor 
Edna Myers 

Photography Ed itor 
Bruce Baron 

Adve rtis lng 
Kathl Hoifer 

Managing Editor 
Bruce Porter 

Reporting Staff 
Jerry Bartelle 
Randy Erickson 
Tom Huber 
Steve Landau 
Colin Morgan 
Leslie Mosson 
Dave Sacherman 
Bill Urban 
AI2.'l Werth Iheimer 

Photography Staff 
Barry Reder 
Bill Rye 

Copy Staff 
Simone Burke 
Che lene Folin 
Norene Newquist 
Chris Pendleton 
Susan Phi llips 
Cathy Topping 

Graphic Arts Staff 
Bob Chen 
Jim Dyke 

) 

PONT BO~E.~ ME) K.ID--
r (,CTWORt( TC 00 

'-

Letters to the Editor 
Frink's Letter Lashed as Irrational 
Editor, Triton Times: 

I would like to take exception 
to the letter in the last issue 
of the Triton Times written by 
a Mr. Doug Frink. First, I shall 
state that I am against the war 
effort in Vietnam, though not nec-

cessarilY\:)r Mr. Frink's reasons. 
However, I am also against such 
dis-oriented thtnking as was ex-
pressed in his letter. 

I immediately questioned Mr. 
Frink's capacity for analysis when 
he found it necessary to insert 
"chant" for "cant" in a quute. 
Apparently, he does not know the 
difference. Webster's describes 
"cant" as "conventional state-
ments of piety or morality; stock 
phrases ana expressions fashion-
able at a particular time or among 
a group or class of society." 
From this definition I woul d in- I 
deed call the waving of alien flags 
and the spouting of 50 year-Old 
slogans "cant." 

Next, please explain, Mr. Frink, 
how the celebration of the Bol-
shevik revolution of 1917 is an 
"important event" in today's pro-
blems. As the editorial pointed 
out, it does seem an anachronism 
to associate the' I pressing national 
and human problems" oftodaywtth 
the peasent revolts and 5-year 
plans of fifty year ago. The world 
is changing, Mr. Frink, and I 
think you will find it difficult 
to apply the solutions that Lenin 
initially presented to modern pro-
blems. Even Soviet Russia today 
is far from the Russia envisioned 
by the early Marxist- Leninist. 

Also, Mr. Frink, please explain 
why a "student" on this campus 
must lake such a celebration "in 
good faith." What the hell is "good 
faith?" Your particular opinions 
Mr. Frink? All of us should join 
SIL and become narrow-minded, 
or we're not "students," is that 
right Mr. Frink? This see ms con-
trary to the notion of free speech, 
Mr. Frink; that Is, the privilege 
for each individual to seek both 
sides of any question, and make 
up his own mind. 

I was interested in the comment 
about lashing out "at the next 
legitimate cause that Is not of 
personal interest to you..... By 
this statement, Mr. Frink, I should 
not discuss or object to the Viet-
nam war because I am not 
"personally" carrying a rifle and 
Idll1~g. Likewise, because I am 

not a president of the Chase-Man-
hatten Bank and "personally" in-
terested in the politics of high 
finance, I should not decry the 
inflationary measures or financial 
waste undertaken by the govern-
ment. We are all "personally" 
involved in life, Mr. Frink, and 
all the problems under discussion 
are part of life---need I say that 
I have Uttle other choice than to 
concern myself with "legitimate 
causes" whether I agree or not? 

It is really unfortunate that Mr. 
Frink as a freshman has con-
vinced himself that objective think-
ing is without value. Myself, with 
only a scant year of campus ex-
perience on Mr. Frink, realize 
tha.t I shall be bombarded from all 
sides with all manner of opinions, 

and should sift through those which 
directly affect my morals and later 
life. Don't make the mistake, Mr. 
Frink, of trying to represent the 
entire student body, or "the Uni-
versity as a whole"-- Utopian 
and one way thinking have not yet 
arrived. 

Expand your thinking, Mr. Frink, 
and perhaps your next comment 
will make more sense. Without this 
I too "caMot say that I look for-
ward to your next absurdity in 
words," particularly if it Is as 
irrational and narrow-minded as 
this one was. 

Hopefully yours in ob-
jective thought, 
Dave Stearns 

Editorial Preach Criticized 
Editor, Triton Times: 

Your editorial page is charac-
terized by seemingly irrepressible 
sermonizing. In "War is Hell" you 
instructed us in the "follies of 
mankind"; in "SIL Celebration 
hurts Activism" you deigned to 
demark for us the proper bounds 
of protest. In addition, you seem 
unable to avoid rather childish 
rhetoric ("the tiresome waving 
of well-chewed verbal rags," etc.). 

This editorial pose shares with 
all preaching a common fault: 
Those with Cod on their side 
never deem it necessary to justi-
fy their position. You did not 
trouble to address yourselves to 
the criticisms of your editorial 
"War is Hell" raised by Prof. 
Szanto (Triton Times, 10 Nov. 
1967) or by myse if (Indicator, 3 
Nov. 1967); in your reply to Prof. 
Szanto's letter you were content 
to rely exclusively on "ad homi-
nem" remarks. Your editorial on 
the SI L celebration, however, can-
not even be commented on, since 
you do not make the slightest at-
tempt to tell us why we should ac-
cept your definition of "respon-
sible student activism". 

May I suggest a change in style? 
The Issues with which you have 
been dealing in your editorials are 
not settled, but rather are matters 
of controversy; and, whether you 
Like it or not, you wilL have to de-
fend your positions if you want us 
to take them seriously. I suggest 

that in the future you write a care-
ful defense of your position and 
then invite criticism and comment 
on it. In this manner we might 
make some progress. 

Sincerely, 
William Leiss 

Ilege"t 
(Continued from page I.) 

The overall totals, nowever, in-
creased more than 9%over 1965-66 
to a record $29 million. 

A report on faculty salaries 
recommended that the rates be 
raised 5%, fringe benefits by 0.87%, 
and Law professors by 8%. 

It was explained that UC rates 
had previously been compared with 
the ,wrong schools, like Harvard 
and Stanford, so the index of 
salaries was expanded to include 
the top 6 schools in the country. 

,\ full professor's salary will 
be raised if the legislation is 
passed in Sacramento from $17,617 
to $16,209 per year. 

Other salaries would be raised 
as follows: Assoc. Professors, 
$12,065 to $12,650; Assistant Pro-
fessors, $9 ,462 to $10,055; In-
structors , $7,239 to $7.370. 

UCSD ranks fourth, according to 
a further report on grants from 
the government, after UCLA, Ber-
keley, and Davis. As of October, 
1967, UCSD received $1,119,608 
in grant awards for research, 
training, and public service. 

6DECEMBER.N61. .P GE..3 

(,fetter to tbe Editor 
Kelley Knocks Left, Right, and SIL 
Editor, Triton Times: remove the need for rebellion, their arms lest they lose a chance would be an impossible economic 

those sympathetic to belligerent to get the very thing they were drain as well as intolerable sup-
to "win friends and influence PEO-
ple" if enough Americans Lre 
willing to try. The SIL would pre-
fer, however, that the United States 
withdraw into itself and donothing. 
This makes it appear that they 
are too lazy to be constructive and 
find it easier to criticize the ef-
lorts of others than to do some-
thing personally to he lp create a 
just and lasting peace. 

Well, it looks as though we are nations will have a hard timelden- fighting for. It would also do Amer- pression of the national integrity 
in for another round of invective tifying themselves with popular ica no end of good to become known and identity of the recipients. But 
and diatribe from the SIL over movements. If America can bring as a good friend but a dangerous America already has sufficient 
the war in Vietnam . This time about agrarian reform,publlcedu- enemy rather than one to be taken economic and political influence 
the\' are attacking the war through cation, and the alleviation of some advantage of and put down. Pre- to effect the changes necessary to 
Dow Chemicals and the manufac- of the common man's misery in vious form s of foreign aid have put these nations on their feet and 
ture of napalm. But is napalm the Thailand and Laos, all but the most certainly led to the latter more make them truly independent. The 
real question? A weapon is a wea- hard-bitten revolutionaries (the often than the former. Peace Corps was a good start and 
pon and napalm cannot kill anyone ones who are after power and would I'm not saying that the United if such ideas can be kept in motion 
to a greater degree than a bullet resent having their plans taken States should support the world there may be a good finish. 
nor disfigure more than shrapnel from them) would quickly laydown in a gigantic welfare system. Such The United States has the power --Michael Kelley 
nor cause more pain and anguish _ •• _ • _ • _ I _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ I. 
than the blood poisons used by the , 
VC. What then is the real cause of _ -
t!leir concern? They are admitted- , Some say we specialize in power. . . • 
ly sympathetic to the NIF, but _ -
give humanitarian reasons (e.g. , power for propulsion . .. power for • 

~~~r:~es~v~f ag::~~~::~~;m~h~~~ i auxiliary systems . .. power for aircraft, i 
America has supported etc.) rather _ missiles and space vehicles . .. power for -
than political ones. These "hu- I , 
manitarian" reasons seem rather _ marine and industrial applications . .. 
doubtful, also. For one thing, the I 
United states is not notably a _ 
land-grabbing nation. Lands which , 
have come under American occu- _ 
pation as a result of war, such as , 
the Phillipines, Japan and West _ 
Germany, have been given inde- , 
pendence again with the added _ 
benefits of a more democratic • 
government and, as oointed out by 
Lawrence (The Mouse That Roared) ,-
Wibberley, a bolstered economy. 
Secondly, most Americans are not ,-
(perhaps unfortunately) concerned 
with occurences which they think ,-
has no eCtect on their own lives. 
That they are justly concerned -
over the situation in Vietnam Is , 
obvious. With the heavy depen- • 
dence that the NIF has on men I 
from North Vietnam and materials -
from the USSR and China, it is hard , 
to doubt that, should it win, Viet- -
nam would become like Albania, a 
mouthpiece for China . Viewing the 
cooperation and interdependence of 
the revolutionaries in Laos, Cam-
bodia, Thailand, and Vietnam it is 
also difficult to doubt that, given 
the success of the NIF in Vietnam, 
there would not be a renewed ef-
fort in these other nations to es-
tablish governments friendly to 
China. No one would (I hope) care 
to deny that China is a power in-
imical to the United States and 
that the formation of a "bloc" of 
power for such a belligerent na- I 
tion would indeed be a threat to 
American security. Getting back 
to the SIL, it seems that their 
"humanitarianism" is on crooked. 
They've forgotten how to wear a 
disguise. It seems tt>.t under all 
their pseudo-intell(.ctual facade' 
they are just beingchildish--pout-
ing because they are not given the 
high position they think they de-
serve . 

Having reached the end ot my 
own diatribe, I hold up my hand 
for another moment of silence. 
Thank you . Now, I expect to re-
ceive some just (but irrelevant) 
criticism of my punctuation and 
grammar. I also expect to be ac-
cused of "repeating stock phrases 
handed out by the establishment... , 
But [ intend to do something nei- • 
ther the everything- is-all-wrong • 
left nor the shut-up-and-do-your- • 
job right has tried to do, that is, • 
make what I hope is a construc- • 
tive criticism. • 

First ot all, though Communism • 
(the political syste m) ls inimical • 
to the "A merican Way of Life", • 
some form oC.Socialism (the eco- • 
nomic system) may not be. The 

••• 

.> 
.{ 

i 

l 
l 
f 

they're right. 
And wrong. 

" 

.. 

I~ might be said , Instead. that we speCialize In people, for 
we believe that people are a most 
important reason for our company's success. We act 
on that belief. 
We select our engineers and scientists ca refully. Motivate 
them well. Give them the equipment and fa cilities only a 
leader can provide. Offer them company·paid. 
graduate·education opportunities. Encourage them to push 
in to field s that have not been e~plored before. Keep them 
reaching for a little bit more responsibility than they can 
manage. Reward them well when they do manage It. 
You could be one of the reasons for Pratt & Wh itney Aircraft 's 
success . .. if you have a B,S., M.S. or Ph .D. in : 
MECHANICAL • AERONAUTICAL a ELECTRICAL 
• CHEMICAL • CIVIL. MARINE. INDUSTRIAL 
ENGINEERING. PHYSICS. CHEMISTRY. METALLURGY 
• CERAMICS. MATHEMATICS. STATISTICS 
• COMPU TER SCIENCE • ENGINEERING SCIENCE 
• ENGINEERING MECHANICS. 

And we could be the big reason for your success. Consult 
your college placement officer-or write Mr. William L. 
Stoner, Engineering Department, Pratt & Whitney Aircraft, 
East Hartford, Connecticut 06108. 

U 
idea that "I'm not my brother's •• 
keeper" is no longer valid. The 
world was too small (or isola- • 
tlonism in 1941 and it's even smal- • 
ler today. If America wants to • 
prevent the spread of political • 
Communism, the conditions which .-

Pratt & Whitney ~ircraft OIVISION OF UNIT 0 AIRC RAFT CORP. 
nurture that spr ad-- poverty, 
illiteracy, and unjust oppression-- - 'n [qual opportunIty Emr'o , 
must be removed. If A merlca can •• _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • _ • ~ _._._._._._._._-_._._ ._. 

• 

CONNECTICUT OPERATIONS EAST HARTFORO, CONNECTICUT 

I 
-I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
• 

• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• 
-I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
-, 
• 

• 
-, 
• 

• 
-

• • 
• 
-

• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
I 
• 

• • 
• • 
• 
• • 
• • 
• • 

" 



PAGE 4 6 DECEMBER ~'--_____________ <fr1_tc-iroo ~S 

PICK YOUR HUMANITIES PROF .. 
.'_'_'_'_'_I_'_'_'_'_'_'_'_'~I_'_I_I_'_I_'_'_'-'-'-'-'_._._1_,_1_._1_'-'. 
De Laix Course iReac:ling ListiMalinovich will Discuss 

-Oriented Historically i De Laix (Hum. 2): Aristotle, !Problems Underly-.ng "'e'V't 
- "The Politics," tr. Sinclair; FUI- 1 II ~ , 

Roger De Laix, Ph.D: Born in . lington, " Narratives from the Old _ . . 
• Testament;" Fullington, "Prose Stanley. Malinovich, Ph.D., VIS!-

LrlS Angeles; M.A. in Hist'Jry l and Poetry from the Old Testa- I_ tlng ASSistant P.ro. fessor of Phi-(UC LA), Princeton (Classics), dIld h H t 5 ti 
Classic Archaeology; field,Athen- - ment;" "Greek Tragedies," vOl l lOSOP y, umam les , sec .ons 
ian legislative procedure in 5th I I (Greene anj Lattimore, ed. ); 15 - 20, M,W,Th, or F, 12-12.50. 
and 4th Centuries, B.C. 1 and 1/2 · Plato, "The Republicj" Homer, i 
yea l s, TA; I year at UCSD. Ilu- I "The Odyssey;" Aristophanes, _ Dr . Malinovich is visiting Crom 

T 2 S 9 16 MWF 12 - "The Frogs and Other Plays," tr ' l the City Univer sity of New York, 
mam les ; ec. -, , - I Sarrettj Finley, "The Portable Brooklyn College . His specialfie ld 12:50 p.m. _ 

Fo r his second year as a flU- · Greek Historians;" Finley, "The . of study Cor his Ph.D. was ethical 
manities professor, Dr. De Laix ! Ancient Greeks." • theory. 
pI ns to present ahistorlcally c1 ri- • Dolin (Hum. 2): Holy Bible (King I . eBt~d course . " Greek drama'S will Jame s) Homer "The Odyssey" _ In his lectures Dr . Malmovich 
IJe described in terms of Gr'ek •• t Fit~gerald ' ' Sophocles "Fo~r I plans to "discuss not so much the 
. uc iety, not as ageless literatur~." _ ;;agedieS" (Greene and Latti- . texts .or reading .but the problems 
His lecturp.s will present, for the more, ed.)j Plato, "Symposium;" . and Issues behmd them so the 
most part, a background for the ! Plato, "Euthyphroj Apology; Cri- _ studen,t can see ~?re clearly what 
readings, not an explication of the I to;" Aristotle, "The Philosophy of I those Issues are. Students should 
text. One we.·k will be spent on , _ Aris totle" (Banbrough, ed.)j Thu-. have a feel for the problem and 
the Jews, and the rest of the quaT- I cydidos "The Complete Writings I then study what the author says 
ter will attempt to study the de- . f th - pelo onnesian War." _ about .it. ~he .students s h?Uld know 
velopment of Greek intellectual- . J e p • what IS s lgnlficant and Important 
ism as the foundation of Western " I " Lavender (Hum. 5): D,~sca,rtes, in the age and r elate the major 
culture. of the works. He plans .to. orient . The Essential Worksj Milton, - trends to certain facets in their - -Staff Photo 

D the T.A.'s toward a deflmte ap- I "The Complete English Poetry;" I a e the lecture or readings in order In the section meetings, r. proach in section. In their papers . Moliere, "Eight Plays;" Gibbon, _ own g, for the student to acquire a feel 
De Laix will ask the T.A.'s to t d t '11 b k d t d' "Th D l! d F 11 f th R I for the problems. 
"discuss the readings with the s u ~n s WI. e as e 0 ISCUSS I e ec. ne"an a?, e 0- The T.A.'s job is to grade pa-
students in light of the lectures parttcular llterary works as ex- _ man, EmPlre j." Hu~e'''GT~ei E~- -. pers and to stimulate partici~- Dr . Malinovich has been teaching 

d the intrinsic literary values amples of aspects of society. I senttal Works, SWIft, u.I ,ver s tion in discussions on points 10 for five years. 
an Travels and Other Wrlhngsj" _ 
_ I _. - I _. _. _._.-I - I - I_I _. _.-I " Pope, "Poems of Pope;" Goeth~, 1-' _. _.- I _. _.- ._._. _. _. _.-. _.-

I "sorrows of Young Werther'" M C th Wa nts 
Dolin Lectures I· JOhnSOn, "Rasselas and Select~d i c ar y • Works." _ 
Extemporaneously 

I Malinovich (Hum. 5): Descartes, . 
• "Discourse on Methods and Medi- ·1 n Ie 9 rate d Vi e w 
• tations j" Galileo, "Discoveries I 

and Opinions of Galileo;" Pascal, _ 
. " Penseesj " Moliere, "Eight I 

Professor Edwin Dolinj from I Plays;" Voltaire , "Candide;" • Thomas McCarthyj M.A. in Phi-
Utica, 'ew Yorkj Ph.D. in Litera- •• Hume, "Enquiry Concerning the I IOSOPhY, Notre Dame .University 
ture at Harvard Unive r sitY,1960j Human Under standing;" Swift, 1964j two years teachmg exper-
two years teaching at UCSD; Hu- 1· "GUlliVer's Travels;" Goethe' l- iencej Humanities 2, Sec. 27-36, 
manities 2, Sec. 17-26, 1 o'clock "The Sorrows of Young Werther;" 2 o'clock, HL Aud. 
HL Aud. - Pope, "An Essay on Man." I-

Dolin' s special fields of interest • M C th' I [. Id t 
• 

McCarthy (Hum. 2): Aristotle, . c ar y s genera Ie s 0 
are Classical Philology and Greek ttl i d t 

I 
"Selections," ed. Wheelwrl'ght,' 1 in eres are og.c an con empor-

and Roman Literature. He taught h H I k 
the humanities sequence at Revelle Holy Bible (King James)' "Por- . ary European philo sop y. e 00 s 
last year but is presently a member i table Greek His torians" (HercJdO- 1 Corward hO?efully to teach~g the 
of the faculty of Muir College . . tus, Thucydides) j Homer, " The _ ~ourse , whlC.h he felt .provlded an 

I
OdysSe y,'" "Greek Tragedl'es," I mtegrated View . of History, Phi-Dolin described the humanitie s Hin Vol I (G reene and Lattimore)' losophy, and Literature. e -

sequence as "an ambitious pro- • , . tit th bo k t th 
gram ." He said that he intended • Plato, "Gorgias'" Plato "The . tends 0 re a e e 0 S 0 e 

Last Days of So~rates "tr Tre- general picture of the period, but 
to lecture on each book in detail. • dennick. ' • I- also use them specifically as high 
He said that he would not provide • points in themselve s. McCarthy 
milch of a historical background. _" Monr?e (~um. 2): , .Aristotle, • said that he would present the two 
11 would be the student's responsi- • S~leCtlons, ~d. Phillp Wheel- . world views ofthe Jews and Greeks 
billty to get this by reading the _ wrlghtj Holy Bible (KlOg James); - and show the origin and develop-
ilarrison and Sullivan text. Dolin . "Greek ~ragedles," Val;} (Greene I ment of ideas central to the We s-
felt that the course was essentially . and Lattimore, ed.); . Portable . t W Id 
a "great books" course . He em- --Staff Photo I Greek Htstorians" (Herodotus, I ern or • --Staff Photo 
phasized that he always lectures _ Thucydides); Homer, "The Iliad;" - WhUe at Louvain University in er of phenomenology ." Last year 
extenporaneously. The T .A.'s role, in~tructor;. the~ should merely I Plato, "Great Dialogues of Plato;" I Belgium on a Fulbright scholar- he taught cour ses at Dalhousie U-
he felt, should not be that of an guide the diSCUSSIOns. _ Plato, "The Republic," tr. Corn- • ship (1963-'64), McCarthy studied nive r sity, Nova Scotia, on logic 

.)ford j Plato, "Meno," trans. by I the works of Houssero, "the fath- and the philosophy of mathematics. 
_ I _ . _ . _ . _ I _ I _ . _ . _ . _ . _ I _ I _ . _ I . Jowett. - • - • - • - • - • - I - · - . - · - · - I - · - · - · -

I Nauen (Hum. 5): Descartes, I M Lek R de 
Lavender A.ems for . "Discourse on Method and Medi- . onroe • es ea .ng 

I
tatlonsj " Feuer, "Spinoza and the • 
Rise of Liberalism;" Pascal, _ 

Themati'c Cohes.·on · "Penseesj" RaCine, "Phaedraand • p e SOU rces l other Plays j" Pope, "An Essay . , rl ma ry 
-I on Man;" Rousseau , "The First . ' 

Kenneth Lavender, Ph.D., As-
sistant Professor of English and 
Comparitive Literature; Humani-
ties 5, sections I - 8, "A,W,Th, or 
F,,10-10:50. 

Dr. Lavender earne I his Ph.D. 
at UCSB, his special Sf udies being 
in Henry James, and ~ edleval and 
nineteenth century lite 'ature . 

The period studied in Humani-
ties 5 has been called :he .. Age ot 
Reason", not becausl there was 
reason but because mf n were stri-
ving for the "goddef s Reason". 
This idea will be imp< rtant in Dr. 
Lavender's approach in teaching 
this class. He will stres& litera-
ture in his lectures. He will inte-
grate this into an historical per-
sp ctive defined by philosophy. 

Dr. Lavender will discuss the 
specitic works but give the class 
cohesion by relating themes in 
different works and in the context 
of larger themes. The r eadingwlll 
not be as extensive as the book 
list indicates. 

Dr. Lavender's T .A.s will be 
given almost a " free hand". TIle 

and Second Discoursesj" Goethe Professor James T. Monroe; 
- "The Sorrows of Young Werther; i born in Chilej Ph.D. in Spanish 
I The New Melusina'" Kant "Foun- and Arabic Philosophy, Harvard 
- dations of the Met~physic~ of Mor- I- ~niversity, 1964j teaching exper-
l als' " Gibbon "Autobiography." Je nce: fou r years at UCSD j Hu-~':"~".""' . " • manities 2, sec. 1-8, 10 o'clock 
I Wilson (Hum. 5): Descartes , I HL Aud. 
- " Discourse on Method and Medi- · Monroe ' s special fie ld of in-
I tations;" Pascal, "Pensees;" 1 terest is Medieva l Literature. He 
- "The Misanthrope and other · feels that a valuable asset oC the I Plays;" Swift, " Gu lliver 's Tra-I humanities program is that it en-
- vels" (Landa, ed.)j Hume, "Dia- - abies the student to read directly 
I logues Concerning Natural ReB- I from the great books of the per iod. 
• gion; " Gibbon, "The Decline and· However, he will not limit himself 
I Fall of the Roman Empire;" ROus- . in lecture merely to discuss ing 
_ seall, "The First and Second Dis- - these texts, but will a lso provide 
I courses" (Masters, ed.). I a solid historical background. 
• Wright (Hum. 5): Descartes,· Monroe ~e lt that it was the T.A.'s 
I "Discourse on Method and Medi- I duty to diSCUSS the required read-

. • tations' " Moliere "The Mlsan- - tng at greater length. (Info rmation 
I thrope 'and other 'P lays'" Milton I received Crom Monroe's wile, 

Ph t • "Sam son Agonfstes'''' Racine' - s ince he was not available for 
--::.taff a 0 I ' ' I comment) 

T.A.s should generate interest in "Phaedra;" Swlft, "Gull1ver's . A . ta t 
in d' I - Travels'" Voltaire "Candide' " Dr . Monroe was an SSlS n 

the period and a IS~US~ (~. I Hume ':Dialogues ConcernlngN~- 1 Professor of Spanish Literature . 
They should also put oodemp asitsi on • tural Religion'" Goethe "The Sor- • Bachiller en Humanfdades, The the impor tance of g wr ng. I " I G S hI S tla Chil in L ha t ht rows of Young We rther;" Gibbon, range c 00 , an go, e, 

Dr. avende r s aug many - "Autobiography." . 1954 and received his Ph.D. at 
years . _ • Harvard University, Cambridge, 

--Staff Photo 
Massachusetts, in 1964. He was 
awarded a Fulbright Scholarship 
to France , during 195 8-1959. Hav-
Ing received a teac hing fellows hip 
in Spanish, Harvard, in 1959-1963, 
he obtained a Final Year Fellow-
ship, at Harvard, in 1963-1964. 

<1tlron ~$ ______________ ......:6:...:D:.:E:..:C:;::E;:::;MBER 1967 ?AGr 5 
Hl"s leporl Nauen Stresses 

Author-Society Ties 

• • ! COIIII".ell 
I (Continued from page 1.) 

Students Curbed 
trance Examination Hoard, and the 

•• additional financial aids required if (Continued tram page 1.) 
fees were increasedj (c)the socio- ('ampus disturbances. as long as it was not presented in 

Franz Nauen: Humanitfes 5, Sec. 
27-32. MWF, 2-2:50 p.m. Born 
In Hamburg, Germany; came to 
U.S. at age of 11/2 years; Harvard 
Unlv.j field, 18th century intellec-
tual his tory; five years as T .A. 
at Harvard • 

• economic characteristics of stu- Chancellor Galbraith replied to a manner disrespectful of the I dents and potential students j (d) cr iticism from John Stull over his American flag. 
• the unmet needs of the University, hand ling of the flag incident. As- Regent DeWitt Higgs commended 
I particularly in the areas of stu- semblyman Stull ' s criticism was Galbraith for his actions and said 
• dent se rvices and educational en- contained in a letter to the Regents. that he would support a policy 
I richment, and their financial im- Galbraith told Regents that Gen- forbidding the presentation of en-

Although Mr. Nauen has not 
taught the Humanities sequence 
before, he plans to approach the 
Enlightenment period from a his-
torical point view, and to use the 

-I plicationsj (e) the present uses and eraL Counsel Warren Levin advised emy [lags on campus, In answer to 
...... _.".. allocations of funds under the him that no vio lation of state laws a direct question, Counsel Cun-

• control of The Regents , including or Univer sity regulations occur- ningham said that such a policy 
I funds de rived from ove rhead, .in- red . The flag could be taken down by the Regents could be enforced. 
!!!II!!!II!II~ • cidental fee income, Regents spe - only if It presented a clear hazard, No action was taken however. 

I cial fund s and endow ment fu ndsj s uch as impending violence in an Chancellor Murphy of UC LA re-
• (C) areas of potential transf rs effort to tear it down. To bring ported on the protests against ow 

readings as products of the period. 
He will try to "stress the rela-
tionships between the authors and 
their social classes" and their 
attitudes toward politics. At least 
two-thirds of the lectures wlll 

• from State support to UniverSIty the matter into proper per spec- Chemical company thatoccu rredon 
• funds sources, and from student tive, Galbraith infor med the Board his campus las t month. Fighting 
I cha rges to state support; and (g) that the majority of the student occurred and property damage re-
• comparative information of the body ignored the flag and also sulted. Finally the police harJ to 
I policies and practices of other thr ee American nags were im- break it up. Murphy said charges 
• universities in such areas as stu- mediately placed in windows on were being prepared against St!V-
I dent fees , student aid and studE'nt Argo Hall overlooking Uevelle Pla- eral students . 

deal with the authors and their 
books, because "as long as the 
students will be reading the books, 
why should I lecture on other 
topiCS?" 

• counseling. Comprehensive re- za. Later the ASUC LA held a re-I por ts on these and r elated subjects The Regents General Counsel, ferendum asking if war related in-
--StafC Photo . t.ave been developed and pr esented Thomas Cunningham, concurred dustries should be allowed to re-

dents comprehend the texts, and I to the Committee, and copies with Levin's opinion. Cunningham cruit on campus. It passed by a 
(2) offset the passive r ole of the • ther eof have been mailed to all mentioned that any flag was legal s ix to one margin. 
student in the lecture s ituation by 1 0f the Regents. Marilles Chancellor Heyns of UCB told 

The job of the T .A.'s as he s timulating dialogue on the issues _ In addition, the Committee p.as the Board about "Stop the Drdft" 
sees It, will be to (1) he lp 'the stu- and problems raised by the text." • undertaken an investigation of pos- (Continued from page I.) activities at Berkeley. As a result 
_. _. _. _. _. _ 1_' _ I _.1IIi 1_' _. _. _ ••• sible alte rnative and additional Ilamese nag. of these activities, 80 students 

I sources of r evenue. It has re- The Marines told the Deans t h.1.~ were cited, 5 placed on probation 

Wilson W e.11 Emphas.-ze _ viewed the Cr esap, McCor mick they felt it was their duty as and 11 recommended for suspen-I an Paget r epor t on a "Reconnais- American citizens to prohibit the siQn. At one point, some students 
. sance Study to Determine Potential s tudents from participating in d attempted to pull down an Ameri-
I Ar eas of Additional Revenues" , "traitorous act." As they walked can flag but were stopped by the Science and Politic,s • and has r eceived supplementary away one of the Marines remarked police. In this case 5 students I material on the University's gifts to the Deans, "One of my buddies were arrested on charges which 

Cur tis Wilson, Ph.D., Visiting . and endowments program, past died in Vietnam trying to grab a inc luded assaulting an officer. 
Associate Pr oCessor of History, l achievements and potentials , and Commie flag fr om one of the Reagan then made his commpnts 
Humanities 5, section 9 _ 14, . I'omparisons .with ,o.ther puNic!, hills, and these students try to and left the meeting to keep an 
M W Th F II 11 50 I supported unlversltles; and re- fly the flag." earlier appointment. , , , or , - : • t th U' it' t t Dr. Wilson is a visiting profes- por s on e mver s y s pa en 
sor from st . John' s College in i pOliCY and patent income, inClUding . I _. - I _. -. - I _. _ I _. _ I _. _. _. _. _ . 
Annapolis, Maryland. His field of a survey and report by Harbridge 
r esearch while working on his i House , Inc. on "The Economic i W - ht 
Ph.D, was the his tor y oC science Potential of Patent Exploitation r. 9 
du ring the 14 th through the 17th i at the University of Caillornia." i 
centuries. Copies of these and related reports Focuses ' on 

Dr. Wil son believes that the two i also have been distributed to all ,- , 
overriding intellectua l changes of of the Regents. other areas are 
revolutionar y characte r during the ibelng explored. - Li tera tu re 
seventeenth and eighteenth cen- From its review and considera- I 
turies were in modern 'science and i tion of the above-mentioned re-· 
political thought. These helped for- ports, the Committee finds that, I Andrew Wright, Ph.D., Protes-

l t d · because of the magnitude andcom-- sor oC English Literature, Hu-
mu a e mo ern thought. Dr. Wilson I plexity of its task, additional time I manities 5, sections 21 - 26, M,W, 
will not neglect the interrelated 
h' l i · will be required for a mor e com- - Th, or F, 1:00- 1:50. p I osoph ca l, social , economic I prehensive analysis of the data I Dr. Wright relates the assigned 

and tec lulical conditions of im-t - received and for the development · reading to his lectures very close-PO~:~:ding to Dr. Wilson the agreements l of certain supplementary materiai l ly. The basic trends he will dis-
T.A. has several important tasks The TA s hould a lso critici ze · which is necessar y to the overall I- cuss for this period will be liter-
in order to make the s tudent think. paper s primarily by what the stu- I study. For these reasons the ary trends . 
On . tId di i th dents ' thoughts are, whether they • Committee is not ready to present · Dr. Wright believes that the 

e IS 0 ea a scuss on on e I recommendations to the Board at . T.A.'s functi on is to consult with 
reading, challenging the s tudent to say something, whether the 
fo r mulate and ar ticulate ideas of thoughts are valid and whether they • this meeting, and submits the above - s tudents , grade papers and "con-
what is in the text and also dis- are expressed well . I as a progress report. • duct quasi- tutorial sessions: ' 

r'-'-'-'_'_I_'_'_'-'_'_'_I_'_I_I_'_'_'-'_I_~_I_'_'_'- '_1_'_' _'-'-'-'-'-', 
• 

I 
-I 
• 

I 
-I 
• 

I 
-I 
• 

I 
-I 
• 

I 
• I 
• 

I 
• 
I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
• I 
• 

LI5Tttk W?R • 
~~~ -
r oro fO~Y? 

AND! 
100~ THE 
fL£ ' 
vATrf< 
ALL. TH£ 
~NfO 
1ff ST(fcT! 

FEIFFER 
J 6(JTJP NYJI ANP r Go; ~r _ ~RUSHfJ7_ a,fS5£fJ' [P! #tn~! Y~,r ; J.IV' ~Dl 

AJjOt WET our IN f 
HA~~ MJV 
W~~V / 
fLevA'0R 
Bfti! 

WHO SA'IS 
HAll S)'f'" 
FWFf:cr-
lf3U3?' 

• 

I 
-I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
-I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
-I 
• 

I 
-I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
-I 
• 

I 
-I I 

• :h • •. _._._._._._._._._-_._._._._._._._.-._._._._._._._._._I_'_'_'_._'_I_I_'~ 



PAGE 6 6 DECEMB:!: R 1967 qrkou ~S 
---_._---

Alit I they're off! Director of ' Athletics Howard Hunt tire s the gun to 
st. rt the 1st Annual All-Cal Cr oss- Country Meet held on the UCSD 

' ''"J'~e Dec. 2. --Staff Photo 

Men's F/atJ 
Tournament 

Football 
Played 

By Jerry Bart ell e 
The Intramural Flag Football touchdown. 

Clllmpionship Tournament is off Sigma Tau Epsilon, co- cham-
tl) a sizzling start. The tirst r ound pion of League B, squeaked by 
proved to be a thriller as the un- the Old Men, 13-6. The first ten 
derrlogs pulled off some big sur- minutes of the fir s t half were 
prises. play d evenly with the defense 

Kappa Sigma Delta, the highly .'''minating. Sigma Tau's firs t 
favored co-champion of League score was by way of the bomb 
C, found the speed and dete rmina- an Is Chaves-to- Darrel COhe~ 
tion of the RA's to be more than s trike which covered 82 yards. 
they could handle. The game went The demoralized Old Men defense 
as expected in the fir st half. A then submitted again with 30 se-
safety scored by monstrous de- conds left in the half as Chaves' 
fensive end Bill LaMonte and a golden arm found Tom Tweed a-
Litrhfie ld-to- Polster scoring pass lone in the North corner of the 
gavt! Kappa Sig a 9- 0 half-tim!! enrl zone. Chaves again fired to 
edge. Tw· eel for the extr a point. Sigma 

The game RA's came back nu h!d at halftime, 13- 0. 
s trongly in the second half, with Again defense dominated the se-
substitute quarterback Bob Con- cond half. The Old Men finally 
rad at the helm. Two Conrad-to- got on the scoreboard with two 
John Eatwell scoring passes sewed minutes r emain ing to play. Old 
the game up for the RA's, the Man Tom Cr ocke r set up the score 
secon.d coming with only 47 seconds by intercepting a Chaves pass and 
left tn the game. Final sco re: running it back to the Sigma Tau 
RA's 12, Kappa Sigma Delta , 9. 35 yard line . A subsequent penalty 

DeAnza Hall completed the fir st gave the Old Men another 15 yards 
day of championship play with and a Herb Wilson pass found To~ 
another upset, shutting out the Crocker in the end zone for a 4 
Sea Slugs, 12- 0. DeAnza passer yard touchdown. The PAT was un-
John DeMaio caught the vaunted successful. With 2 minutes left 
Sea Slug defense napping with a in the game the score was 13-6 
Six-pointer to Dave Gong midway with Sigma Tau fans breathing 
through the first half. DeMaio easier. 
then broke open the tight defensive The firs t r ound winners found 

~me with 13 minutes remaining the second r ound less to their 
In ~he second ha~f with a perfect liking. DeAnza Hall and Sigma 
strike to streakmg Paul Giotta. Tau Eps ilon we re convincingly de-

~lthough the S~a Slugs tried feated, and the RA's were edged 
valiantly to retahate, the stout out of the tournament. Bigwinners 
defpnsive play of middle guard were the confident Pu rple Gophers 
Ron Laney and corne rbacks Giotta and the fired-up Dildos. Ultimate 
and Manuel Meye rs kept the speedy Annihilators 16, RA's 13. 
Slugs under control. The RA' s scored early as Bobby 

In a game matching two teams Conrad intercepted a Dave Shine 
tied for sixth place in the final pass, running it back 55 yards for 
Top. Ten poll, the Orange Shirt s s ix pOints . Nagano ran for the PAT. 
eaSily defeated the p mchless BOT Although the Annihilator s moyed 
Bomber s , 19-0. the ball we ll throughout the first 

The tirst half was mainly a bat- half, ther e we re only two minutes 
tle of the two supe rb defenses , but left when Shine hit Mike Stone for 
midd le guard Tom Knight of the the touchdown, and Sine to Ra j' 
Orange Shirts interc ~pted an Alex- Partridge fling for the PAT tied 
ander pass with twe minutes rp- the sco re at 7-7 for the half-limr 
maining and ran i: back for a Th:) PA'" hack quickly in th~ 
20 yard touchdown. Pete Fretwell second half. Rob McCormickthrel' 
ran for the PAT. 

Chuck Cranfill Stl nned the ti,:ht 
Bomber defense with a spectacu-
lar dIsplay of brokel -fie ld runnir (! 
as he hula-hipped his way 47 
yards for another J range Shirts 
touchdown with only 29 second s 
remaining, making the scor e 13-0 
at the haU. 

Ear ly in the second half, the 
Bomber s appeared to be regroup-
ed nd moving fairly well, but 
an Alexander-to- Bob Poolman 
fl ar e pass was intercepted by the 
canny Frank Jones , and he legged 
it back 60 yards for the final 

(Continued on page 7.) 

Cage Squad Competes 
I n Biola Tournament 

After an opening season triumph 
against Biola College of 102-74, 
the UCSD basketball team found 
unexpected trouble in the Biola 
Invitational Basketball Tourna-
ment. The Tritons fell prey to 
that malady of all sports teams, 
overconfidence, and had to settle 
for the consolation title in a poorly 
run affair that th\!y should have 
dominated. 

Overconfidence seems strange 
this early in the season, but after 
ha ving just beaten Biola, and Cac-
ing lowe r-class competition, the 
squad went into the tourney just 
a little too swelled- headed. 

La Verne beat the Tritons in the 
fir s t r ound of tourney playas 
UCSD had a cold s hooting game 
of only 36 .4% from the floor as 
opposed to ave r 50t;[ their pre-
vious time out. La Verne seemed 
more enthused about the game than 
the locals , hoping to avenge the 
two losses dealt them by UCSD 
last year. Kerry Klosterman was 
on par for the Tritons, scoring 
26 points, but poor attitude and 
wo rse rebounding res ulted in an 
86-82 loss . 

Moving into consolation play the 
foHowing night against LA Bap-
tis t, UCSD seemed a little more 
eager to play. The rebounding was 
excellent; Edney pulled down 23 , 
Thomas had 20. Since the re-
bounding was good, the Tritons 
were able to employ their speed 
and utilize the fas t break. 

The final score of 82 for UCSD 
and 69 for Baptist was deceptive, 
because Coach Stoner substituted 
freely the 2nd half to give the 
bench needed experience. In fact, 
the Tritons led at one time in 
the game by 23 points. 

The game saw one important 
change In the line-up that may be 
utilized throughout the remaining 
season. J ohn Thomas was moved 
to forward, with Jim Tate taking 
the other forward position, while 
Kerry Klosterman was switched 
to guard. This seemed to take 
more advantage of the Triton's 
he ight to strengthen the reboun-
ding. 

Klosterman had a cold shooting 
night aga.inst LA Baptist, but 
Flatley and Thomas made up the 
s lack with 22 and 21 points re-
spectively. However, the improved 
r ebounding made the difference, 
as the shooting as a whole was 
still sub-par. 

The final game against Sonora 
Mexico was a gross mis-match 

Tritons show their stuff in the first game oC the season against 
la, winning 102-74. Bill Flatley (24) tips the ball from Biola 

while John Thomas (43) watches for it to drop. --Staff Phot~ 
iI1 allyone's language. UC:)O played of place, as explained, ane: none 
!alrly well for a While, but when of the teams seemed to know what 
It became apparent that the So- to do, reflecting the poor organi-
norans could not e.ven compete, zation of the tournament. 
the game turned mto a farce. 
The Tritons sco.red at will with The Tritons will find their hands 
all 12 members putting in ~ints . full over the holidav recess, with 

The Mexicans suffered from dis - games on Decembel' 19, 20, and the 
organization and lack of height, Davis tournament on December 
and even the attempts at Inter- 27, 28 and 29. The Dec. 20th game 
national good-wUl by the referees is against Occidental, a perrental 
could not even the odds. UCSD power In their conference. 
practiced their zone the 2nd half, January 23 is the "big game" for 
and worked the tas t break to change the home team. Cal Western, rap-
the pace. The Sonorans put up a Idly becoming cross-town arch-

valia~t effort, but the difference rivals of UCSD , will be the com-
was Jus t too extrem e. petition, and they are probably the 

The Tournament as a whole was best team that the Tritons will 
poorly-run, with the 6 teams com- meet all year . The desire to win 
peting a mix of competence. The this game is very great, so circle 
team from Sonora was badly out that date on your calendar. 

Women's Flllg Footbllll Ends 
W.F.F. season is about to close 

for another year . Results show 
Capt. Jan Albin' s team called 
Letcher Litch' s Lillies, having 
a 6-0 record, capturing the hH "" J 
t" : !, It was evident through~ljt 
t~ ? snason that albins ' quarte r-
back tackles wore spurring l,(·!, 

~~, rn t·) )1 ).1 '/ictory after another. 
J an Scott and Maureen Quigley 

of London Phrog are really keying 
up their team for their forthcoming 
cam~. Many of the ir opponents 
ru?mng plays are s topped by the 
qUIck hands of Regina Brunig Janet 
Sloan and Teri Conway. ' 

Pieces of 8 have come a long 
way this season, thanks to the 
quick legs of Trippy Ze it and 
Judy Land. A late rookie, "Phyllis 
J ones" , has been looking sharp 

in the quarterback position despite 
her sore wing. 

Hunorable mention mnst be gi yen 
to Do- Nothings ' s tar quarterback 
Edna Myers , who despite over-
Nhelming odds and a light line, 
led her team to a 1-4-1 season. 

!'" inal standings are as foll Jws' 
Letcher Litchs' Lillies 6-0-0: 
Pieces of Eight, 4-1-1;' Londo~ 
Phrog, 4-1-1; Drosophilia-M 2-
3-1; Dildetts, 2-4-0; Do-Not~gs, 
1-4-1; Who's, 0-7-0. 

U.C.I.E.I. 
Special s tudent flight to Londo!. 

$365. Round trip. Jet. For informa-
tion: 

U.C .I. E. 1. 
P.O. Box 4153 
Irvine, California 92664 
714 - 673-3521 

for UC and Cal State students, 
faculty and staff only. 

454- 1278 WINTHER'S 
BRIAR PATCH 

7874 GIRARD 

PIPE & TOBACCO SHOP 
COMOY GBD SAYINELLI 

IMPORTED TOBACCOS & CIGARS 

' ( 

(Continued from page 6.) 
a clotheSline strike to Conrad for two touchdowns by Steve Garofolo 
a 25~yard touchdown with 17:15 and a lO-yard touchdown run by 
left 111 the game. But the PAT Borth behind the sharp blocking 
pass was batted down on a fine of John McCaughey Nick Gisotti 
play by Annihilator Phil Costello. and Ron Stutheit. F~ed Dultweile; 

The RA' s , again with the pigskin, added six more points on a flare 
were forced to punt deep from pass with some shifty running as 
their own territory. Steve Zeller an added attraction 
dropped the high pass from center Dave Slidders 'and JaM Mc-
on his own 12-yard line, and the Caughey led the Gopher defense 
Ultimate Annihilators were the with two interceptions each. Borth 
proud owners of the first gift I)f s natched another DeAnza pass 
the Yuletide season. Shine hit Par- headed for Manuel Meyers and 
tridge ove r the middle, and the ran it back for a 38- yard touch-

~peedy halfback scampered his way down. 
mto paydirt. The PAT was suc- Dildos 21 Sigma Tau Epsilon 6. 
cessful and the Annihilators took The Dildo; handled the twelve-
the lead for the first time in the point favorite s , Sigma Tau Epsi-
game, 14-13. lon, with relative ease. 

Finally, the sensational middle Is Chaves took his Sigma Tau ' 
guard, Dick Morgan.' nailed RA team in ror a score on the opening 
quarterback McCormick in the end drive capping it off with a neat 
zone for a safety, icing the cake 20-y;rd pass to Tom Tweed. But 
for the Ultimate Annihilators, 16- the unperturbed Dildos took over 
13. from there. Mark Butler led his 

Purple. GOPh~~S 12, DeAnza Hall team right back with 13 minutes 
O. The dIVersifIed Purple Gopher to play in the half. This razzle-

o~fense and a tight defense com- dazzle play capped the Dildo 50-
bmed to establish a new playoff yard scoring drive: Butler handed 
record in demolishingDeAnza Hall off to John Grana, who reversed 
31- 0. the ball to Tyler Broaded, and 

Gopher offensive highlights were Broaded lofted a high arching pass. 

6 DECEMBER 1967 PAGE 7 

5-4-3-2-1-- -All clear craft are in line for the AlI- competition foiled the Triton team ' s attempts to br ing 
Cal Intercollegiate Sailing Regatta hosted by UC Ir- home a trophy. 
vine at Newport Beach. Clear weather and fierce --Starr photo 

TritonSailorsPlaceFourth 
The Trtion sailors despite an 

excellent showing came home emp-
ty handed from the All Univer-
s ity oC California Intercollegiate 
Sailing Regatta on November 25. 
Skippers Ken Holmes , Rick Rein-

The next Varsity Regatta is sche-
duled for the 17th and 18th of 
December - - a Chr istmas Regatta 
hosted by Irvine at Newport Beach. 

JOHN GIll JEWELER 

UCSD Hosts CroS8~ountryMeet 

man and Tom Chambe r s did a 
really fine job working us up to 
fourth place despite the fact that 
we had fouled out oC one of the 
races . Ray Gavin, Christine Pen-
dleton, and Marty TumSuden 
worked as crew for our varsity 
skipper s displaying much versa-
tility even though this was their 
first encounter with the Cor onado 
IS' s . Coach Schiller said the team 
fouled out of one r ace by hitting 
another boat while on port tack 
after the five minute preparatory 
warning had been given, so we 
had no choice but to head back 
to s hor e . The reason for the co-
llision was , perhaps, a little over 
anxiety and the skippe r said "just 
dumb luck -- I dicln't see the othe r 
boat and he didn't see me or it 
woulcln't have happened." 

10% DISCOU T 
TO STUDENTS 

D T A!'~ • Tn • - W J.l \ 1:.. - JT:'.'!E L.rq 
JEWELR Y DESIGNI G 

FXPERT LXTCt J-.LPAL 
Capping a season of injuries 

and rebuUding, the UCSD cross 
country team was host to the other 
campuses of the University for 
the First Annual All-Cal Cham-
pionship Cross Countr y Meet held 
Sat., Dec. 2 on the Triton 4.7 
mile course. 

Conditions were perfect for the 
meet, reflected in the fact that the 
first 15 finishers were well below 
the old course record of 28 mi-

nutes: 31 seconds. 
A total of 31 places were award-

ed, with the first 15 receiving tro-
phies Cor their efforts. 

Jete Rawlings of the University 
of California at Santa Barbara led 
throughout the race, setlinit an 
extremely fast pace that was timed 
at 4:44 for the first mile, and re-
sulting in a new course record of 
25:45.6 for Rawlings 1st place 
finish. 

Wrestlers Beat 
Cal State Team 

Collegiate wrestling has begun 
again this fall, and the Tritons of 
the U. iversity of California at 
San Diego made sure that they 
would claim some of the glory by 
trouncing Cal State Fullerton 31 
to 3. 

Held at Cal State on Wed!lesday, 
Nov. 29, the meet saw five con-
secutive pins by UCSD grapplers , 
and resulted in the Cewest points 
ever scored by a Fullerton team. 

UCSD. "UCLA will take the title 
but we should be in very good 
position for second or third" 
said Millenbah. ' 

To insure that the team does 
well against the other UC cam-
PUSES, Millenbah said that he has 
scheduled workouts over the 
Christmas break, and will have 
his charges working out with 
weights and running on the cross-
country course 4 days a week. 

Upon inspection, the wrestlers 
do indeed, seem to be in excellent 
condition, and their two good show-
ings seem to support Millenbah's 
thought that they would only lose 
two more meets, 

UCLA's lone runner, George 
Husaruck, stuck right by Rawlings 
until the end, finishing 60 yards 
back In 2nd place in the exce Uent 
time of 26:02. 

The first man for UCSD was 
Doug Peckham in 16th place in the 
time of 28:36. This was a good 
showing in spite of the fact that 
the Triton's number 1 man Cor 
most of the season, Jay Segal, was 
unable to compete. Scattered 
throughout the rest of the finisher s 
was the remainder of UCSD's team; 
Charles Lindsey, Jay Glllette, 
Warren Kumley, and Dean Farrar. 

Of the six schools fielding teams, 
Santa Barbara proved the strong-
est. Along with their 1st place 
finish, the UCSB team captured 
4th, 6th, 8th, lOth, 12th, and 13th 
to take the team championship with 
a low oC 29 points. UC Davis was 
second with 40, UC Rlver side·3rd 
with 87, and UC San Diego fourth 
with 110. UCLA and UC Santa Cruz 
were not awarded team places . 

The meet went off with few 
delays, though the awards were 
marred by the absence of Olympic 
Ace Billy Mills who was scheduled 
to make the presentations . UCSD 
Chancellor John S. Galbraith and 
AAU executive William Gookin 
served as meet officials, though 
the athletes seemed more interest-
ed in the girls handing out the 
trophies. Ah, the life of a college 
student! 

Veteran mat-man Willi Loren-
zen was first to pin his man, 
follo!"ed in turn by Jim Hamilton, 
Griff Stokes, Phil Costello and 
Grunwall. Coach Chuck Mlllenbah 
said after the meet that his team 
was in the best shape ever this 
early in the year, and he was most 
pleased with the strong UCSD 
s howing. 

The Triton's conditioning got a 
further test, however, two days 
later on Friday, against the San 
Diego State J.V.'s, los ing that 
one 19 to 16. Coach Mlllenbah did 
not feel too badly, though, because 
the SOS J .V. team happens to have 
a few varsity wrestlers strewn 
amongst the second-stringers. 

GO VESPA Low Cost! 

Millenbah had nothing but praise 
for his squad in view of the com-
petition, and commended Bob Wil-
son for an excellent match in the 
130 pound class. Lorenzen, who 
would be a standout tor any team, 
turned in his usual fine perfor-
mance. 

The next contest for the Tri-
ton's Is the All-Cal Tournament 
to be he ld January 6, and MU-
lenbah expressed high hopes for 

1261 Garnet 
Pacific Beach 

Low Insurance! 
Hardly Any Gas! 
... and 100 un plrit 
l!most Inywhert! Four Price 
Modell to choose from Choice 
of OYer 7 Million OImers. 

N & M SALES CO. 
928 Indio 

San Diego 

7728 GIRARD AVE . 
B r .1, TI ,hT. IJ 

OUR 18th YEAR 
I LA JOLLA 

Burriston's fine shoes 

S'4 .9S 

if he prefers a 
Casual 

... give him Evans 

7816 CIR AR D AVE""-IE • LA JOLLA '. 454- 1Ut 

l; 



PAGE_ B __ 6 DECEMBER 196 : ____ _ 

Security Bank congratulates 
Alan Adelman, winner of our college 
contest with this clever entry 

----------------------, ',~ ~:,:'.. \', • ~ , •. t \' \:. ," 
I Honey, . I 
I I just- deposited I 
I our savings a+ I 
I ~ecu ri+y Bank. Before I 
I IOhg we" I have enoLlgh I 
I money +0 bL.4y 9 I 
I Car. I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I " Lending a Hand" by Emile Renouf. Another enduring study from Security Bank's " Famous Painters" S'~;~·i:: I I We'd li ke you to th ink of Securi ty Bank as being endu ring, too . Start a permanent banking relationship today. I L __________________________ J 

Alan is a freshman 
at U.C.L.A. majoring in 
theater arts. His ad has 
won him a two-month 
summer position in the 
creative department of 
Young & Rubicam, Inc., 
Los Angeles. 

Other winners include 
Brad Buckner, 2nd prize winner of a 
Security Bank savings account with 
$100 in it , and Ned Miller, Louise 
Groot and Mary Handelsman, all 
recipients of $50-Security Bank 
savings accounts. 

Security Bank extends a final 
thanks to all the other college 
students who entered. Your wit and 
your interest made it hard for us to 
put together this announcement. 

SEcU'R"iTY FIRST NATIONAL BANKS 
1i61. Security Flfl' National Sank "'!M8LR r tIll 

. , 

, I 

.:..>~""-----"''-'-!o..Jol.. ____ . _____ _______ _ 6 DECEMBER 1967 PAGE 9 

Singers Present Concert 
An evening of Christmas music 

will be presented by the Mesa 
College Olympic Singers at 8:00 
p.m., Wednesday, December 6 in 
2722 USB on the University of 
California, San Diego campus. 

The program, free and open to 
the public, is sponsored by the 
Early Music Society, a group of 
about 30 students at UCSD, who 
meet regular ly to sing music for 
their own enjoyment. 

and baritone Dennis Decker will 
be soloists for two Spanish carols 
"Venid Pastores" and "Hacia Va 
Ben Un Borrico." 

judicator. 
Mrs. Archibeque, currently di-

rector of choral music at Mesa 
Junior College, said that the Mesa 
College Olympic Singers, all mem-
bers of the Olympic Chorale, are 
specialists in chamber music from 
16th century to contemporary mu-
sic. 

UCSD protests Dow Chemical Company recruiters. --Staff Photo 

Mrs. Joe D. (Charleen) Archi-
beque, director of the Mesa Col-
lege Singers, has planned a varied 
program , which will include mo-
dern renditions of "We Wish You 
A Merry Christmas." " Deck the 
Halls," "Now Is the Caroling Sea-
son" and "Fum Fum." 

Mrs. Archibeque, who attended 
Oberlin College and graduated with 
honors from the University of 
Michigan, is an -accomplished san 
Diego musician. She has directed 
several outstanding groups at Cali-
fornia state and at national conven-
tions , and several ensembles which 
have appeared on local television. 
She has served as clinician fo r 
workshops and as a festival ad-

Persons interested in knowing 
more about the concert can con-
tact Bruce Weber, a graduate stu-
dent in chemistry at UCSD and 
president of the Early Music S0-
ciety, at 453-2000, extension 1482. 

by Bev Ba r n is e 

Globe Gives Eliot Play 
Probing into the mind of contem-

porar y man as he attempts to dis-
cover a reason for his existence 
creates a fascinating sophisticated 
comedy in "The Cocktail Party." 
The T.S. Eliot play opened Thurs-
day, November 30 at the Old Globe 
Arena in Falstaff Tavern, Balboa 
Park. Twelve more pe rformances 
are scheduled through December 17 
nightly except Monday. William 
Roesch is director. 

Characters are initially intro-
luced in "The Cocktail Party" at 
a social function. An uninvited 
guest appears to have a mysterious 
authority over the other charac-
ters. The plot UJlfolds and the 
character s respond only to what 
he does. His infiuence ove r the 
other char acter s is not absolute, 
since no one is forced to obey 
him and he does not dictate their 
choices. 

A romantic tr iangle develops 
between several of the characlers. 
A young socialite is in love with 
a mar ried attorney, and a young 
fllm write r Is in love with the 
girl . The attorney's wife is in love 
with the writer. The mysterious 
stranger provides answers to the 
numerous problems of the group. 

Dennis G. Turner will make his 
Old Globe debut in the leading 
role of the confidant and advisor. 
William Irish and Lee Chmelik 
are the mature married couple. 
Cassia Besson is the young social-
ite and Jim Brock is the screen 
write r . Jean McKenzie appears as 
a flighty gossip and Burt 8. Selant 
is a worldly sophisticate. Also in 
the cast are Karen Groening and 
Burt Pollard. 

Sa. HI.,o. SI. ,S 
A.erlca. ,.Iiso.,s 
AI UIA Meell., 

Sam Hinton, the Assoch1te Di-
rector of the Offi ce of Relations 
with Schools, and folksinger. will 
play and sing American folksongs 
at the December 8 meeting of the 
University International AssocIa-
tion. The meeting will begin at 
7:30 P.M. in the Formal Lounge 
of Revelle Commons (behind the 
South Dining Hall). All Revelle 
students, Muir students, and fa-
culty members are invited. The 
University International Associa-
tion also extends a special invi-
tation to the students and faculty 
from fore ign countries . 

There will be no admission 
charge. Refreshments will be 
served after the meeting. 

The purpose of this meeting 
and all University International 
Association functions is to bring 
the U.C.S.D. students from Amer-
ica and those from foreign coun-
tries together through programs 
of common interest. 

" If you are interested in doing 
something about international un-
derstanding instead of just talking 
about It and 1f you like American 
folk music at its best, come and 
bring a friend to the University 
International Association meeting 
to hear Sam Hinton," said Martin 
McAllister, president of the Uni-
versity International Association. 

Performances of the Irish com-
edy "Philadelphia, Here I Come!" 
continue nightly except Monday on 
the Main Stage of the Old Globe 
Theatre through December 17. 

Latin and French 16th century 
motets, such as Nanino's "Hodie 
Christus Factus Est," "Psallite," 
and "Dormi Jesu" are also on the 

. program. Soprano Karol Hanson 

Newman Portrays Con 

Cheerleader tryouts were held 
this week. Congr atulations to new 
cheerleaders, Debbie Ginberg, Pat 
Shoemaker , and Martha Green who 
will join old cheerleaders Kathy 
Merrill, Ray Tice, and Joanruth 
Kingsburg (alternate) in cheering 

mores need it! Freshmen will be 
getting their first taste of the fun 
and games. 

I M · 'C I H d L k , our basketball team to victory. n oVle 00 an u e Speaking of basketball, the 
cheering section may rival Fifth 

Moriarty Discusses 
San Diego In dian 

Recent infor:mation on San Di-
ego's historic Indian, made through 
the 'use of advanced scientific tech-
nology, was discussed by James 
R. Mor iar ty in a lecture at 8 p.m. 
last Friday, December 1 in Sher-
wood hall, 700 Prospect St. , La 
Jolla. 

By DaveSacherman 
Paul Newman has oecome one 

of only a handful of truly brilliant 
American actors alive today, con-
tinually portraying a cool, confi-
dent, wise-craCking nonconformist 
who refuses to play by the rules. 
"Cool Hand Luke", a powerful 
but often slow- moving new film, is 
one in which he gives an over-
whelming performance in just such 
a role. 

Newman portrays a simple man 
called Luke who is arrested (or 
knocking the tops oft parking me-
ters and sentenced to do road 
work on a chain- gang in a rough 
Southern prison during the 1940's. 
The film becomes an intimate 
study of the filthy, sweaty, COld , 
brutal conditions faCing the men 
fo rced to work on the chain- gang. 

For a dr ifter like Luke . who 
even finds open SOCiety confining, 
one would think that prison would 
prove unbearable. However Luke 
possesses a cool , cocky resilience 
and sense of humor which tem-
porarily enables him to survive. 
Among his fellows, he is his own 
man, and insists on living from 
moment to moment and never plan-
ning ahead. He soon wins over even 
his most hostile fellow- inmates 
by refusing to knuckle under to 
the sadistic guar ds, including one 
particularly chilling blind boss 
with a deadly aim. 

George Kennedy also s tands out 
from the rest of the cast with an 
extremely fine performance as a 
big, strong, but not so bright, pal 
and admirer of Luke. 

When Luke learns that his mo-
ther, his last touch with the out-
side world, is dead, he cracks 
and becomes an inventive rebe l 
who escapes again and again, only 
to be recaptured each time. Luke, 
who can no longer stand being tied 
down and who has become a folk 
hero to the men, is ultimately des-
troyed by the very institution set 
up to correct him. 

The tum is thus a sharp com-
ment on a ruthless society that 
will cut down anyone refUSing to 
conform to every rule and regula-
tion. 

The film does, however, suffer 
from a number of flaws . Director 
Stuart Rosenberg's failures are 
chiefly those of ambition. In his 
'des ire for a complex and major 
fUm, he bas created a work which 
seems too long, uninteresting in 
parts, and does not move as fast 
as one would like. In par ticular, 
Luke has two rather unconvincing 
monologues with the God he does 
not believe in which appear la-
bored. It is indeed fortunate 'that 
Newman's acting and the chilling 
power of the story overcome these 
otherwise serious flaws. 

Law students advocate PSA 

o 
Fly north for only $17. 78 Sa n Fra nchcll, 
Oak land r an J t)~e "Iewa Jet 17.78,727 Fan Jeh 

19.85. ac ramenlo 19.85 and 21.5 9. L. . ;111 flights 
$6.35. Phone )our campus rcp or call P A, San Diego 
298-461 1, or your travc l agcnt. your campus rep: 

PSA MIKEKOZINAK 
PAr,,·c S lUrHW{M A'Rt MS 453· 3&28 L-_____________________ _ 

Avenue for the best dressed young 
men in the U.S. A fantastic var iety 
of hats and overcoats were ondis-
play at the last game. 

Happy Birthday to juniors Jim 
Stites and Chuck Henderson. They 
will both be 21 dur ing December. 

Welcome back to Dennis Beck 
who has been in the hospital for 
3 and 1/ 2 weeks following a car 
accident. He' s still limping. 

Another recent highlight in cam-
pus activities was the 'welcome 
committee ' presentation for the 
Dow. Co. repr esentatives. A Death 
Dance (ollowed that evening. 

Discovery Hall will sponsor a 
Christmas Party for a Tiajuana 
orphanage. 

Linda Longmire will attend a 
party with the members of The 
Association before returning home 
to North Dakota for the holidays. 

Good Luck to everyone on finals 
--I know that most of the sopho-

Dr. Moriarty is an associate 
specialist in oceanography at 
Scripps institution of Oceanogra-
phy and is an instructor in ar-
chaeology and history at UCSD. 

Recent scienhfic advancements 
have developed new tools for the 
reconstruction and interpretation 
of primitive cultures. The San 
Diego Indian has been analyzed 
through these new techniques which 
were developed within the last 10 
years . 

Information on the origins, lin-
guistic history, religions and so-
cial systems of the San Diego 
Indian as gained through such sci-
entific methods, was discussed by 
Dr. Mon arty. 

AN RCA VICTOR ALBUM : " Music To Write Letters By'"'' and 
Eaton's FINE LEITER PAPER - IN SPLENDID ASSORTMENl 

BOTH FOR ;J 'J Value $7.00 5('1 r; 

The pen is poised ... the writing paper 
in place. With music to crent th r~ood, 

the imagination soar~ 
Isn'Uhis a combina tion you "i ll \ ani 

for your own lettu·"riting! 

Eat 11 '. FINE 
ASSORTED SHEER 

PAPER 

Or. as a perfect gi ft to one 
you hold dea r! 

AN RCA VICTOR ALBUM: 
" Music To Wri te Letters l3y"'" 

Warwick5 
78 1l GI RARD, LA JOLLA, 4SQ -0347 



p"r;E II) 6 DECEMBER 19(1! qnrou .<f'"iIcs 
- --- -I . ,. . 'Building 2D Seen Vital 
COSA MUlrOut IneSPrOl8cts For Muir College Future 

The ~Iuir College Student Pro-
jects Coordinating Committee is 
char~ed to "act as a vehicle for 
rece iving suggestions and propo-
sals for student programs and pro-
jects of long-term and continuing 
benefit to members of the Muir 
College community." The commit-
tee members are: Karl Kottman 
(advisor), Rene Long, Laura Stokes 
and Susan Halfon. 

The committee met on October 
17 to discus s accumulating ideas 
for future projects. Although no 
formal plans were made, tentative 
outlines for the execution of cer-
tain j)l'lljt!CIS were formiilated: 
1. Inte J'c\' lI "'l1;i lie teams, in S",.r 

sports as football, swimming, 
track, and soccer. 

2. The development of a summer 
tutorial program. 

3. A committee to cons ider and 
establish Senior traditions and 
privileges. 

4. The coordination of student par-
ticipation with the Muir College 
Orientation Committee. 

5. Development or a student ad-
vising group to participate in 
the planning of Muir College 
Campus. 

6. Development of speech and dra-
ma production groups. 

7. Providing support and assis-
tance to an orphanage in Tia-

juana (a group is now working 
with Casa de la. Esperanza). 
With many big and important 

projects under consideration, it 
is obvious that an enormous amount 
of cooperation will be needed 
among the students. Therefore, 
anyone from U.C .S. D. who is in-
terested in these or other pro-
jects is urged to notiCy--Rene 
Long, Box 5256 (Phone: 453-2195) 
or Susan Halfon, Box 5154 (Phone: 
453-2863). 

If you send a card, remember to 
include a return address or a 
pt.olle number wliere you may be 
reached. 

Bldg. 20 is the largest building 
scheduled for Muir College. It 
will house all the departments 
now occupying offices in Matthews 
Campus and more than half of 
Muir's classrooms. 

stewart explained that the build-
ing had originally been scheduled 
for completion in 1969, along with 
the three other main structures. 

"If 20 is put off until 1971 , 
there would be no way that Third 
College could open on time (1970), II 
he warned, "and the expected en-
rollment of Muir would have to be 
curtailed a year." 

uaUon suggest that Muirians would 
have classeS'in Muir , Reve Ue, and 
Mathews 

"This scattering of facultie s is 
tolerable but not for long," Stewart 
said. "If 20 is delayed, this di-
vision of the college would have 
sel'ious effects, and faculty growth 
would be impossible." 

Armin Rappaport, Provost of 
Third College, did not say whether 
the delayed opening of 2D until 
1970 would set back the opening of 
his college. 

TArE A .,fAr I 

Jobs Available in Europe 
An important consideration to 

remember, the provost told the 
Regents at the "campus sessions," 
is that the staging area in Matthews 
can only work "if the college using 
it is able to move out on schedule. II 

RELAX FO .c<. A DA Y 
IN DE L MA R 

A T THE QU IE T , 
COM F ORTAB LE 

Work this summer in the loresls 
Germany, on cons truction in 

Au 'tria, on farms in Germany, 
Sweden and Denmark, on road con·· 
s truction in Norway, in industries 
il" ~' ranctl and Germany. 

Well, the re are these jobs avail-
;. .' as well as jobs in Irelanrl , 
S".t zerland, England, Fran<;l , 
Ita l}, and Holland open by tl ;· 
consent of the govern ments of these 
countries to American universitv 
students coming to Europe the 
next summer. 

For some years students made 
their way across the Atlantic to 
take part in the actual liCe of thl: 
pt-ople of these countries. The suc-
ce ' s of this project has ca used a 
gr eat deal of enthusias tic interest 
and support both in Ame r ica and 
Eu rope. 

Every year, the program has 
been expanded to include m~.nj 
more students and jobs. Already, 
many students have made applica-
tion for next s ummer jobs . Ameri-
can- European student Service (on 
a non-profitable bas is) is offering 
tht> se jobs to students for Germany, 
Scandinavia, England, Austria, 
Switzerland, France, Italy, and 
Spain. The jobs consis t of fore s-
trv work. child care work (fe-
males only), farm work, hotel work 
(li mited number available), con-
s truction work, and some other 
more qualified jobs requiring more 
specialized training. 

The purpose of this program is 
to afford the student an opportun-
ity to get into real living contact 
with the people and customs of 
Europe. In re turn for his or her 

A.S. Senate Notes 
by Roger Showley 

The Senate officially backed inter collegiate football at UCSD three 
weeks ago , when it adopted a resolution by sophomore Tom Shepard. 
According to the P.E. Depar tment, spr ing tra ining is alr eady being 
planned. 

At its meeting last week the Senate passed four r esolutions on 
varying topiCS, from inc idental fees to the U.S. flag: 

l. Supplementing its October resolution concerning tu ition, the 
members unanimous ly ca lled for a re-examination of the purpose 
of the Higgs incidental Fee Raise Comm ittee . 

2. The cheerleade r s we re gr anted $197 for uniforms and food 
for away games. 

3. Up to $30 was allotted to Challenger Hall for its Christmas 
par ty, which will be open to the faculty and thei r families, and s tudents . 
P roceeds fr om the 25~ admission char ge will go to a Tijuana or-
phanage, according to Barbara Gehring, Challenger R.A. 

4. The Senate went on record in support of placing an American 
flag in Revelle Plaza "as a reminde r of fr ee speech in this country." 
The vote was 5 - 0 with one abste,ltion by J im Miner . 

The Committee on Student Affair s (COSA) for Reve lle has been 
impotent for lack of a full body of 6 students· so the Senate set about 

. ( , 

to appoint the three needed members . Ray Tice John Nuber and John 
Mortimer a re the only members to date. (M u i~' s COSA has already _ 
been set up by the Provisional Council.) 

Along related lines, the Senators decided to for m a committee of 
the whole to study the exact relationship between the college and AS 
gove rnm nts . Such questions as allocations to colleges will be decided 
when the committee begins hearings in January according to BlII 
Stiles , Muir ' s senator-at- Iar ge. ' 

Senator Gar y Cur tis , chairman of the activities committee , suggested 
money be budgeted to his committee each quarter, so that (1) " a 
major event may be pr esented each quarter--a big name band or 
group ," and (2) " minor a :tlvitles may be held once every two weeks." 
Cu r tis will r eport back t J the Senate when he has prepared a budget. 

Vice-president Herv Sweetwood announced that the Student Union 
Steer ing Committee wil begin discussions on a " clu ste r student 
union" next quarter . B.)cause of the importance or the $2 million 
s tructure, Sweet wood h( ped the committee would be composed of 
s tuden ts who could se r ve 'or an extended per iod of time. 

Notes on past appropr h tlons: The Senate nas gfdIltcd hp following 
amounts of money to va'ious organizations and causes this quarter : 
$100 to SIL for its P)et ry Reading sessions; up to $100 to Black 
Students Council for R JO Karenga' s speech (Nov . 7); $1 700 to the 
Communications Board for the newspapers annual and r adio station-
$200 to the Coffee Hut Committee for fo~r week~ of ente rtainment: 
$50 to the Muir Comm Iters Ass()clation for postage and other ex~ 
penses. 

Next quar te r an effort to aUract students to the AS Senate meetings 
will be initiated. Du r ing the winter quarter , e lections for the Senate 
and AS office rs are supposed to be held; although they wer e delayed 
until April last year, they will probably be he ld on time thiS year. 

The Constitution states that the senators will be appo r tioned as 
tallows: 3 from John Muir and 3 Crom Hevelle elected at large' 
I Crom the upper division, elected by all sophom~res junior s and 

. ' , 
sentors; and I fr om the lower division, elected by 11 fr eshmen. 
B sides the eight senator s , the president and vice- president wUl 
be elected. 

work , the student will receive Next year, he said, "Matthews 
his or her room and board, plus will provide enough space for 
a wage. However, students should classrooms and residents. But 
keep in mind that they will be there will be more Saturday and 
workinlt on the European economy evening classes. We cannot con-
and wages will naturally be scaled I Unue to use the large rooms in 
accordingly. The working condi- Revelle very long." 
tions (hours, safety, regulations, I 
legal protection, work permits) 
will be strictly controlled by the 
labor ministries of the countries 
involved. 

In most cases , the employers 
ha ve reque:;ted especially for 
American students. Hence, they 
are particularly interested in the 
student and want to make the work 
as interesting as possible. 

They are all informed of the 
intent of the program, and will 
help the student all they can in 
deriving the most from his trip 
to Europe. 

Please write for further infor-
mation and application form s to: 
A merican-European Student-Ser-
vice, Box 34733, F L 9490 Vaduz, 
Liechtenstein (Europe). 

he implied it would be increas-
ingly difficult to attract new faculty 
members to Muir and successive 
colleges because "they are willing 
to tolerate temporary facilities as 
long as there are certain certain-
ties they can count on." 

This year, for example, 35 of 
Muir's faculty of 77 are based In 
Revelle. 

"They do their research there, 
their offices are there, they teach 
there. Our faculty is thus divided 
in half. We can live with it, but 
not long." 

If 20 is not ready in 1969, 
Muir students will move to their 
headquarters , but their non-sci-
ence and math professors would 
remain in Matthews . This sit-

Get Your Yearboolc Nowl 
Mail or take this coupon in person to Building 250, Matthews 
Campus , Student ACCair s OlIice, with your $6.50 per yearbook. 

NA ME 

CAMPUS <l.DD RESS ....... ... ... ...... . ........... .................. ..... .. .. . 

CLAss .. .... .... .... .... .. .... .. .................. ................ ... ............. . 

I ' I . 
. I ~ It, 

= 

LEMON 
TREE 
MOTEL 

Vv IM YEA R RO UI'TD 
IN THE 80 ° POOL, 

WATCH FREE T . V . 
W AKE UP I N THE 

M O RNING TO JUIC E 
C O FFEE &: DONUTS 

EXPENS'VE ? 
DURING W I NTE R , 
MENTIO N THIS D 
AND RATE IS 0 , LY 

$6.00 F O R DO UB L E 

PHONE 7 55- 4494 

1049 
C AMINO D L MAR 

DEL MAR, CALIF . 

Most Cordially '.vlt,s Yo. to Its S •• d.y Services 
C".re" Sc"ool 9:45 a.lI. Mor.'., Worsl"p ":00 a. _. 

Dr. Ewa,t Wyl" M/./ster 
SPECIAL : University St.denIS 8/.'e Class 

meets In Fellowship Hall each Sunday at 9:30 a.m. 
leader: Dr. Galen Mell . You are Invited. 

8320 La Jolla See.le Drlv. I Mile So.th of UCSD 

l 

I 

'" 

6 DECEMBER 1967 PAGE 11 

Triton 'Ca/endar CAMPUS KIOSK 
Wednesday, December 6 
7:00 p.m. USB 4050A 
7:00 p.m. Formal Lounge 
8:00 p.m. USB 2722 

8:00 p.m. 
8:00 p.m. 

HL 1148 
Peterson Gym 

Young Republicans meeting - Jack McDonald, speaker 
Alpha Phi Omega 
Early Music Society sponsors Christmas concert -
Mesa College Olympic Singers 
French Club sponsor s movie - 'Patate' 
Reyes-Soler Ballet, Espanol Madrid 

8:15 p.m. 
San Diego state College 
EI Cortez Hotel Grossmont College sponsors play - 'Who's Afraid of 

Virginia Woolf?' 

(to Dec. 10) 

Von Wendel Gallery 
427 Pearl, La Jolla 
UCSD Art Gallery 

Paintings and Sculpture of PatriCia Yoder 

German Expressionist Prints 

Thursday, December 7 
12: 15 p.m. 409 MC 
1:00 p.m. HL 1160 
7:00 p.m. Formal Lounge 
7:30 p.m. 406 MC 

Instrumental Chamber Music Concert 
Trident Christian Fellowship 
CCFC 
Early Music Society 

7:30 p.m. Blake Upper Lounge Challenger Women's Dorm sponsors Christmas Party 
for children of faculty members 

8: 15 p.m. 
8: 15 p.m. 

USB 3030B 
EI Cortez Hotel 

Friday, December 8 
7:00 p.m. (off campus) 
7: 30 p.m. Formal Lounl!;!! 
8:30 p.m. 751 Turquoise 

La Jolla 

Alpha Phi Omega 
Grossmont College sponsors play - 'Who's Alraid of 
Virginia Woolf?' 

German Club Christmas Party - Weihnachtsfeier 
University International Association meeting with 
Theatre 5 presents 2 plays by Arrabal - 'Orison' 
and 'Fando and Lis' 

8:30 p.m. Revelle Cafeteria Muir Mens Dorm sponsors dance 

Saturday, December 9 
8:30 p.m. 409 MC 
8:30 p.m. 751 Turquoise 

La Jolla 

Sunday, December 10 

Performer's Choice Concert 
Theatre 5 presents 2 plays by Arrabal - 'Orison' 
and 'Fando and Lis' 

7:00 p.m. South Dining Hall Bridge Club 
8:30 p.m. 751 Turquoise 

La. Jolla 

Monday, December 11 
3:00 p.m. Formal Lounge 

Tuesday, December 12 
5: 30 p.m. HL 1166 

Theatre 5 presents 2 plays by Arrabal - 'Orison' 
and 'Fando and Lis' 

Spanish Club 

Theos 
7:00 p.m. Conference Room A Senate meeting 

Circle K 7:30 p.m. HL 1166 
8:00 p.m. South Dining Hall University Folk Dancers 

Wednesday, December 13 
7:00 p.m. Formal Lounge 

Thursday, December 14 
7:30 p.m. 406 MC 

A prominent Republican will 
speak at UCSD as part of Republi-
can Associates' "Project Info" 
program tonight. 

Jack McDonald, national Young 
Republican chairman, will speak 
on the GOP's chances in 1968 at 
7:30 p.m. in USB 2622. The event 
is sponsored by the UCSD Young 
Republicans . 

McDonald, 34, is from Nashville 
Tennessee where he heads his 
own business, McDonald Enter-
prises. The national Young Re-
publlcan organization he heads now 
has 500,000 members in 8,600 
chapters across the nation. 

McDonald is a graduate of Emory 
University and the London School 
of Economics. He is the founder 
and publlsher of the Tennessee 
Government Almanac. 

McDonald was a delegate to the 
1964 Republican National Conven-
tion in San Francisco and was ap-
pointed to the Republican National 
Finance Committee. He was elect-
ed chairman of the Young Republi-
can National Federation in 1967. 

Alpha Phi Omega presents 
MOVlES '68. The Winter Quarter 
schedule is: Jan. 5, The Longest 
Day; Jan. 19, The Hustler; Feb. 
2, Peyton Place, and Return to 
Peyton Place; Feb. 16, The Spy 
Who Carne In from the Cold; Mar. 
I, A Patch of Blue. All movies 
to be shown in 2722 USB. Tbe 
time for each movie will be an-
nounced. 

Door admissions will be: stu-
dents - 50~ (Feb. 2: 61X!); non-
students - 6~ (Feb. 2: ' 7~). A 
limited number of season passes 
wUl be sold for $1.50. 

Alpha Phi Omega 

Early Music Society 

An international accent hasbeen 
added to the new A rt Rental gallery 
collection at La Jolla Museum 0: 
Art with the inclusion of 14 paint-
ings and sculpture by nine promi-
nent Latin American artists. 

They will go on exhibit along 
with nearly 200 paintings, graph-
ics, drawings, enamels and sculp-
ture by San Diego aJiU uOS Angeles 
artists on Tuesday at the museum. 
Art rental patrons and museum 
members will preview the new 
collection on Sunday at a 6 to 9 
p.m. party in the art rental gallery. 

The Latin artists represented 
include Mexlco City art figures 
Francisco Icaza, Antonio Rodri-
guez Luna, Artemio Sepulveda, 
Francisco Zuniga, Heriberto Juar-
ez and Matllde Marcos. Paintings 
by [caza and Sepulveda are in-
cluded In the permanent collection 
of La. Jolla Museum of Art. 

A $1,600 oil painting by Sepul-
veda, "Bread and Grapes, II draws 
a near-top rental fee of $27. Zu-
niga and Juarez are represented 
by bronze sculptures. Included is 
an oil painting by Tijuana's most 
promising artist, Marta Palau. 
The works were obtained through 
Tijuana's Galerias Carlotta. 

In addition to the south of the 
border arti!;~s, the new rental col-
lection has captured a hand-COlor-
ed etching by famed surrealist 
Salvadore Dali and a large, non-
objective 011 painting "Romance," 
by prominE:!II' ~v" Angeles painter 
Balcombe Greene. 

The rental co llection at La Jolla 
Museum of Art is renewed twice 
yearly. Nearly half the collection 
of almost 200 works comes from 

·l.os Angeles galleries. The re-
mainder are selected trom San 
Diego area artists. Works are 

chosen by the gallery's volunteer 
chairman with the supervision oC 
museum director, Donald J. Brew-
er. 

"We try to select works which 
will appeal to many different 
tastes and types," says current. 
rental gallery chairman Mrs. Ger-
ald Chaplan. 

Some of the local artists whose 
works are in the current collection 
include Peter Matosian, Bruce Mc-
Cracken, Winetta ChildS, Elise 
Donaldson, Joyce Shaw, Gary 
Kornmayer, James Hubbell and 
D'Olivia Dickinson. 

Rental prices on all artworks 
range from $5 to $30, Including 
insurance and handling. Rental fees 
may be applied to purchase. Paint-
ings and sculptu re are rented on a 
two-month basis. 

Challenger Hall brings Yuletide 
Into full swing December 7 by 
sponsoring a Christmas party for 
the children of the UCSD faculty 
and guests. The fun will start 
at 7:00, centering around the For-
mal and Informal Lounges with 
entertainment by Three's Com-
pany. And, of course, the party 
could not be complete without San-
ta Claus, Atlantis's R.A. John 
Mitchner, who will be pass ing 
out candy canes to all the children. 
The Challenger girls used caleter-
ia facUities to bake hundreds of 
cookies which wll1 be offered to 
all there. Guests are asked to 
bring a gift to be donated to an 
orphanage. Following the party, 
UCSD students wlll go caroling 
In the community. 

One of the most interesting 
sounding courses for the winter 
quarter is the Writing Workshop 
in Poetry. This class is being 
offered for the firs t time this 
year. Profess or Dijkstra will be 
teaching the class which is es-
pecially designed for students 
seriously interested in writing. 

Admission to the class wlll be 
based on the examination of work 
submitted in advance to Prof. 01-
jkstra. His office is r oom 1034 
HL. lf you are looking for a fourth 
class , Literature 111 may be a 
class worthy of your consideration. 

The Triton Times will try to 
print some of the poetry pro-
duced in the class. This will en-
able you to appreciate the creati-
vity of the class even iC there is 
not room for it in your schedule. 

The official enrollment of UCSD 
is 3022, the Regents were told 
las t week. 

Revelle College is made up of 
1709 undergraduates , John Muir, 
414. 

Graduate students number 899. 

The United States !lag was taken 
from the Post Qrfi l'P sllhd~ t ion at 
Revelle College Wednesday, Nov. 
29. The s tealing 01 .. U - b •• J m a 
United States government facUlty 
is a fede ra I offense. If the flag is 
not returned (anonymously or 
otherwise) soon, authorities may 
begin an investigation. The disap-
pearance was r eported to the La. 
Jolla Post Office. 

This is 
the "something good" 

you've been 
looking for.~ 

---------------------When you go shopping for "something real ly good" in stereo 
equipment. you usually have to pay more than you expected, 
or settle for something less than you expected . 

The KLH ' Model Twenty·Four changes that situation radically. 
The Model Twenty·Four is a complete stereo music system. 

Its performance and sound quality are close- very close- to 
that of the best equipment that KLH. or anyone else, makes. 
But it costs only a fract ion of what it sounds like. And it fits 
gracefully into any living room. 

There's nothing missing from the Model Twenty· Four . It 
has a sensitive. drift·free FM stereo tuner, a custom·made 
Garrard record changer with PickerIng cartr idge and diamond . 
stylus , plus jacks for external equ ipment ~nd for making tape 
recordings. The solid-state circuitry is PI). ~ful enough for 
any living room, and the unobtrusive speaker cabinets contain 
a pair of full ·range , two·speaker systems. 

The modest size and price of the Twenty·Four are the resu lt 
of advanced engineer ing instead of corner-cutt ing. Everythi ng 
from its components to its oiled·wa lnut cabinetry is designed 
to provide a genuIne surprise rather than that "nice for the 
money" feeling . 

Come see and hear how little it can cost for somethi ng 
really good. And nov. AM rad io can ll'l!l I III I.",· :" I 'P III !!! ~ 'I ' be~~;I~~e~~.,..~~~ IIIII1II II II ", . t also ."I'ab'e wllh h ,(. , 'o . .. ~. , new h 'lIh quality AM. 

RECORDING CENTER 
3941 Fifth Avenue - 295-3194 

fr.. p .... int ..... t. .'or. 
,a._n Unl ... "I,., & Wa.hlngton on 5th Aven •• 

San Diego's leodlng sound specialist for over 17 years! 



PAGE 12 6 DECEMBER 1967 t 

to the stu,d,ents and £acul!y of 
U C SO? fl'om ihe slafF o£ 
the TRI TON TtMES. 

1/ II 
A~ANDAN A 

IN BIOLOGY) 
ANoAN "A" 
I N HUMAN ITJE.t , 

TAKE A LETTER. , MISS 
WIL SON .. . 

" H DEAR SANTY .. . 

---

1\ \ I I 
r: 

~:-


