
TOWARD A STUDENT COMMUNITY 
The Alost significant factor amidst the seething unrest and turmoil 

that characterizes this age is the emergence, or reawakening, of 
poHtical awareness or consciousness. 

Hence, it is that the undergraduates aJe faced with a llOUtical 
decision when they go to the polls on Monday. Their decision goes 
far deeper than whether there shall be weekend entertainment at UCSD 
in the future. It involves the question of whether or not the students 
shall be able to exert that influence in the university and in SOCiety 
which is essential if they are to have any hope of controlling their 
own destiny. 

Such terms as~lack power- and -student power- have alarmed and 
trigltened many, even those who have always considered themselves 
-Uberal-. This new ideology has gained strength as those elements, 
who do not as ot yet have a vested interest in the -affluent society., 
realize that appeals to the -decency» of those who constitute the 
power structure is, at best, wishful thinking. 

But these same groups have also realized that in a society of supply 
and derllflfd, profit margins, and kill ratios, there is one thing that is 
understood-the political power that comes from unity and determi-
nation among mass groups. 

Political power is attained only through the formation of a unified 
community which is organized sufficiently to move on a pol1ttcallevel. 
If the student community is allowed to dissolve into amorphousness 
and become totally ineffective, then no one can complain of the con-

Hunger Strie Grows; 
Students Show Support 
At 1:00 p.m. on Tuesday the 
16th, MAYA leader lsraelChavez 
announced the beginning of a hun-
ger strike by MAYA and BSC 
students, to last until 5 p.m 
Friday. 

The purpose of the strike, 
inspired by Delano strike leader 
Caesar Chavez, is to influence 
the Regents to make the uni-
versity relevant to its community 
and free from pOlitical inter-
ference, speCifically by rejecting 

R~agan's proposed resolution. 
About 200 other students have 
joined MAYA and BSC by sign-
ing a I1st by which they commit 
themselves to go without food 
unUl 5 p.m. Friday. 

From their headquarters in 
Blake Lounge, the strikers have 
organized an informal steering 
committee to handle publicity, 
press releases , education, and 
whatever problems may arise as 
the three-day strike progresses. 
Herman Rumper and Bill Shark 
have been appointed to act as 
liason with the BSC and MAYA. 

Many of the student strikers 
have never participated in ~ln~ 

similar action before. The WaJ , 
to do more than fhe proposed 
peaceful demonstration, and feel 
that in this way they are voic-
ing the most concerted nonvio-
lent responsible dissent that the 
Regents will ever experience. 

They feel that if they fall in 
blooktng Reagan's resolution they 
wUl succeed in showing that the 
Regents are impervious to stu-
dent and faculty opinion. In 

answer to those who say tnat 
students are just trying to s tir 
up trouble to have some action, 
the s trikers feel that they are 
demonstrating the sincerity of 
their beliefs. 

What will happen after the 
strike ends, especially if they 
do not succeed in blocking Rea-
gan's resolution, is as of yet 
undetermined, and this has 
caused concern among some lea-
ders of the strike and the AS. 

The feeling of the strikers is 
that a voluntary nonviolent strike 
will not lead to violence. As 
Herman Rumper said, "a three-
day fast is hardly worth an Ash 
Wednesday.' 

M~dically, he's right. The 
infirmary has people standing by, 
but there really is no imminent 
danger. 

Contrary to rumors, the stri-
kers are not allowed to eat ber-
ries or nuts or to drink juice, 
but are allowed only water and 
black tea or coffee. 

Of course, if you're not on 
strike, you may eat anything, 
and you won't be bothered by 
pickets. The picketing of the 
cafeterias was discontinued Wed-
nesday night because of the fear 
of dividing the community. 

The idea of unity has been of 
great importance to all of the 
strikers. They believe everyone 
worried about the university 
should wear black armbands, not 
just strikers, and probably won't 
have a separate demonstration 
today. 

sequences. (Cont'd. on p. 2) 

of California, San Die 0 NOVEMBER 22 , 1968 

CEP Report Goes to Regents 
The Committee on Educational 

Policy, meeting yesterday after-
the day, approved the report of 
its sub-committee concerning the 
September 20 guest lecturer re-
solution, and will present that 
report to 1he full session of the 
Board today for their consider-
ation. 

The resolution generally rein-
forced the September decision, 
clarifying some aspects of that 
decision. It restated the one 
guest appearance limit, specify-
ing that this was to apply to all 
courses, credit or not. 

However, it went beyond the 
previous resolution by giving the 
President of the University, 
Charles Hitch, the right to au-
thorize exceptions "which do not 
involve substantial responsibil-
ity for the conduct of instruction 
by persons not holding instruc-
tional titles.· 

Section Six of the report re-
ferred specifically to the contro-
versial Social Analysis 139X, 
specifying that since this course 
was not brought into conformity 
with the Regents' ruling concern-
ing guest lecturer5., academic 
credit is not to be given either 
directly or indirectly. 

The vote for approval of the 
report was 4 to I, with only Re-
gent Roth in opposition (Regents 
Boyd, Carter, Heller, and Camp-
bell were the consenting com-
mittee members). However, this 
followed nearly two hours of 
lively debate on the matter. 

First President Hitch read se-
veral statements by interested 
groups. The Campus Committee 
for a Non-Violent Alternative, 
with signatures from 9,947 stu-
dents and faculty university-
wide, urged the Regents to "sup-
port academic freedom or admit 
that you are no longer interested 
in the university.-

Two faculty members were 
allowed to address the Regents. 
Prof. John Searle, Chairman of 
the Academic Freedom Commit-
tee at Berkeley, called upon the 
Regents to scrap the September 
20 .resolution and start anew. 

He stated that the committee's 
proposal would have the effect 
that a faculty member who is 
an expert in his field would have 
to go to an administrator for 

approva 1 of a lecturer he feels 
is vital to his course. He re-
commended that the whole mat-
ter be considered in an intel-
lectual context, and that the Aca-
demic Senate work out guide-
lines for course responsibility. 

Shepard Stands Up 
For His Shee" 

The only event of significance 
to UC students that occurred 
during yesterday morning's com-
mittee meeting was an address 
by UCSD student body president 
Tom Shepard to the Committee 
on Educational Policy. 

Shepard, speaking for all nine 
UC student body presidents, 
called for the formation of a 
new reg-antal committee to deal 
with student affairs. Such a 

ommittee would, he said, con-
sist of five Regents and stu-
dent representatives from each 
of the nine campuses. Shepard 
stated that such a move would 
open channels of communication 
between the students and the 
Regents, the lack of which today 
is leading to frustration and vio-
lence. 

Shepard began, "I have been 
asked to communicate the strong 
concern of the students over 
decisions to be m~e today and 
tomorrow, a concern so str ong 
that unusual tactics are being 
employed during you r (the Re-
gents') stay here, to prevent 
any disruption of the meetin 

Shepard continued by statilib 
that the reason for the concern 
felt by the students was their 
belief that certain members of 
the Board of Regents were at-
tempting to inject pOlitics into 
the unhersity, using the floor 
of the Regents' meeting as a 
political arena. Shepard stated 
that the emotional climate which 
has been generated as a result 
of political maneuvering has been 
extremely unhealthy for the Uni-
verSity. 

Shepard spoke cf the frustra-
tion and violence th:l.t has to 
some extent been a result of 
misunderstanding of the Regental 
procedure. "The students need 
a chance to talk calmly and ra-
tionally to the Regents, not in 
an emotionally charged environ-
ment. They need official chan-
nels through which their views 
may be heard by the Regents.· 

On behalf of his fellow AS 
presidents, Shepard thanked 
-those Regents who have r sisted 
political pressure and protected 
the univerSity. - (Cont'd. on p. 3) 

'In Nomine Universitatis' by th G.terUla Theater, Revelle .Plaza 



-
22, 1968 

Student ClIIIDunity 
(Cont'd. from p. 1) 

Where do AS fees enter into this? Well, no matter what one's socio-
political persuasion may be, he must recognize that we do indeed ave 
in a capitalist society, with monetary currency being the existing 
means of exchange. Forthermore, most effective socio-political organ-
izations acknowledge, or should acknowledge, that to guide one's 
reactions by the realities of a situation does not corrupt or tarnish 
whatever ideals one may have, but contrarily, that to ignore su.«!1 
realities is a perversion of those very ideals. 

The existence of the AS is crucial to the continuation of a student 
community at UCSD. This body, which has exerted itself this year, 
more than ever before, as an effective and dynamic voice of the 
student population, needs funds if it is to continue in its work. To 
deprive it of these funds is to reduce it to mere figure-he~ status. 

To those -libertarians" who resent intervention of any sort into 
their lives, let us recommend to them a good dosage of Hobbes. If 
we were to each retreat into our individual hovels or holes in the ground 
we might then be free from restraints upon our -individual freedom,' 
but life wouldn't be much fun, would it? 

We must reconcile ourselves to the fact that living in the social 
condition necessarily imposes certain restrictions. However, this 
should not be implied as a justification of the oppressive restrictions 
on our individual liberties currently imposed by the federal govern-
ments , nor should it be construed as an analogy to the social situation 
existing in this country. The A.S. officers are not tied to outside 
interest groups (well, at least not moneyed interests) and are true 
representatives of the students. 

Is this editorial stretching the point a little? Perhaps giving such 
emphasis to the political implications of AS fees is ignoring the many 
apolitical functions of the AS. But the larger implication of the issue 
is still valid-the existence of a student community. . 

In this age of existentialis m and organization man we must "get 
our selves together.' We must have a feeling of unity and solidarity 
that will bring a sense of belonging, and even social events help in 
accomplishing this . Apathy is no excuse for those who are not in-
volved are contributing nothing to the student community (or univer sity 
community) and should not expect to be cater ed to. 

So when you vote on Monday, cons ider whethe r or not the idea of 
a s tudent community is important to you. You s houldn't think of it 
as a per sonal sacrifice that you must make for the good of the common-
wealth, for if you take advantage of the opportunities for involvement 
it will be no sacrifice. 

If you have participated in or benefitted from the many activities 
funded by the AS, or if you think that the continuation of such activit~es 
in the future might prove to be wor thwhile, those of us who are trymg 
to make UCSD a more inhabitable institution, one that anyone can be 
proud to be a par t of, would appreciate a YES vote on the constitutional 
amendment that will be pr esented to you in the refer endum on Monday. 

But at least we might implore you to vote intelligently by thinking 
of the many organizations and activities which would have difficulty 
existing without AS tee s, and decide for your self whethe r they're worth 
it. 

EDITOR IN CHIEF 
John McCarthy 

~EWS EDITOR 
Steve Landau 

SPORTS EDITOR 
Bob Gorby 

FINE ARTS EDITOR 
Paul Hamburg 

PHOTOGRAPHY E.DITOR 
Doug Easton 

MANAGING EDITOR 
Chris Sheldon 

AD MANAGER 
John Demirjian 
FEA TURE EDITOR 
Tom Baker 

COpy EDITOR 
Haywood Gammon 

STAFF WRITERS 

Greg Redding 
Jim Rothman 
Kerwin Lebei; 
Eric Halgren 
Portia La Tou ~he 
Clayton Ande;'son 
Jeff Brittain 
Larry Ratul 
Craig Starr 

COpy CREW 

Nancy Keys 
Chris Pflu(felder 
Andy Harris 

PHOTOGRAPHY STAFF 

Albert Elzas 
Jay Kromschroeder 

John Sussman 
Herman Rumper 
Randy Ericson 
Max Sick 
Geo rge McCollister 
Bill Alaoglu 
Bm H~v .. rland 
Dave Warburton 

FINE ARTS 

Dave Sacher man 
.Joel Goodman 
Hichard Harris 

JUSTOWRITERS 

Peter Lert 
Judy Allsburg 
Cindy Nielson 
Cindy Pick 
Suzanne Nester 
Darrell Icenogle 

Editor, 
I would like to express my 

reasons for recommending a no 
vote on the upcoming proposal 
to make the $6 per quarter AS 
fee constitutionally mandatory. 

A no vote would help provide 
for: 

1) Justice. The AS govern-
ment would be forced to spon-
sor sell-sustaining programs 
(i.e., the individuals benefiting 
being the ones that pay). 

2) Responsibility. The AS 
government could only sponsor 
programs that had adequate stu-
dent (financial) support. 

3) Efficiency. The AS govern-
ment would have to watch costs. 

4) Freedom. The AS govern-
ment could not sponsor contro-
versial programs using the 
moeny of Individuals opposed to 
such programs. 

D. P. Miller 

Cheerleaders? 
Editor, 

On Monday, November 25, the 
ASUCSD will vote on a consti-
tutional amendment regarding 
the election of a head cheer 
leader at UCSD. 

At present, there is no such 
person. At present, the cheer-
leaders are chosen by a hand-
picked group of people, some of 
whom possibly do not represent 
the wishes of the AS as a whole. 

This amendment would demand 
1) that the student body would 
elect a head cheer leader at the 
annual general ASUCSD elections 
and 2) that he shall be empowered 
to select a staff of assistants. 

Intercollegiate athletics here 
at UCSD will serve as th.e key 
factor in unUying this school. 
The cheerleaders will serve as 
a catalyst to this end. I strongly 
urge a YES vote on this propo-
sition. Thank you. 

Sincerely, 
steve Greenberg 

AS Senator - Mutr 

Demise of UC •• & You 
Today the Board of Regents will in all probability act upolt two issues 

of utmost importance to the nature of the University of CalUorna. 
The first is some sort of "modification' of the resolution adopted ill 
September llmlting the number of guest lecturers in any course to one 
per quarter. 

The second is the series of measures, known as "Reagan's Reso-
lutions," which concerns the relegation of the control of the University 
functions traditionally reserved to the faculty to the Board of Regents. 
In essense, the adoItion of this last would subject the University to 
the same sort of control by political groups, demagogic party hacks 
look.lng for votes, and a paranoId electorate fearful of controversy and 
protecUv,s! of the encrusted status quo, as has in the past corrupted 
countless State Legislatures and State Bureaus. 

Through the political officers on the Board, such as the Governor 
or the Speaker of the Assembly, the Board of Regents would be 
manipulated so as to bring the University "Into line! By controlling 
the establishment and structure of aU courses, significant discussion 
of such vital problems as racism, imperialism, and the warfare 
state would be stamped out. Imagine the Regents allowing some token 
course on "contemporary issues.- Would Cleaver, Lenin, Malcolm X, 
or Fanon be studied as texts? 

Not very likely. Probably such authors as Milton Friedman and 
Whitney Young would serve instead. And what sort of men would 
teach the classes? Marcuse or Cleaver?? It is for these reasons 
that the Triton Times implores the Board of Regents to repeal1ts 
action on guest lecturers, and to soundly defeat these most recent 
malicious proposals of Governor Reaaan• 

However, it is easy to look to the institutions or . "the prevailing 
political climate" as the roots of our problems. It is often thought 
that ·U we could just get rid of Reagan, etc." then things would be 
brighter. Or perhaps we say ~Well, there is a general movement 
to the right, and there's nothing to be done about that! There is of 
course some truth to these attitudes. 

Fortunately, bowever, the real issue goes further than that. EveR 
U optimum conditions existed in our political system, that by itself 
would not create a truly free, creative University. Such a University 
requires a s tudent body willing to partiCipate in the educational process , 
willing to Involve itsell in the real world outside the campus. 

Thera are signs, such as the initiation of experimental courses 
Social Analysis 139X at Berkeley, and the dialogue in Economics I-A 
being held by sds here ;atr San Diego, that such participatory education 
Is on the increase. But the success of such things depends 
upon the extent of the involvement of students in education and society. 
And so far the involved are a microscopic few. 

The potential exists for creating a free University. However, such 
an undertaking depends upon the students even more than the action 
of the Board of Regents. If by our own apathy and moral indifference 
to the situations existing in the real world, we allow the University 
to decay into a mere extension of the powers and ideologies-that-be, 
we must conclude that indeed we deserve no better. 

YA KNOW .. , 
TtllS AL~ MAKES . 
LOUSY HJSTDRY •. ,. 

~ 

.. 

I, 

~1~RmBB~I~: 
~~~~~~~~~~~L~~~~~~~~~~--------------------.. ~~~ 

a •••• 
___ • R •••• I 
Walc •••• 

by Steve Landau 

Those students who were able 
to attend yesterday's afternoon 
session of the Educational Po-
licy committee were probably at 
a loss as to what to make of it. 
Even if one could figure out 
what was going on, he probably 
wondered what the significance 
of the action taken was. 

It is difficult for even the most 
seasoned observer of regental 
affairs to analyze their actions 
since the behind-the-scenes 
maneuvering and the political 
overtones are so very subtle. 
However, several observations 
can be made that will prepare 
the relatively uninformed student 
who will be witnessing that aus-
tere body of men in action to-
day. 

There definitely are a group 
of Regents who are concerned 
with the integrity of the univer-
t;ity and find Reagan's proposal 

obnoxious, as do the great ma-
jority of the faculty and students. 
However, they are having diffi-
culty deciding how to move in 
the volatile political atmosphere 
that exists, and a r eal power 
nla;' is underway. 

It seems that the liberal-mo-
derate coalition of Regents at-
tempted to pacify Reagan by pas -
sing the Septembe r r esolutions, 
and now, in the light of what 
they know would be the disas-
trously divisive effect of Rea-
gan's resolutions, ShCi ld they 
pass in full, are attempting to 
again pacify him. 

The irony of yesterday's lively 
d~bate was that it did not con-
cern the merits of the commit-
tee proposal before them. The 
liberal faculty and their regent 
sympathizer(s) would be satisfied 
with no less than the total re -
jection of the September 20 re-
solutions and were a r guing phi-
losophically along the lines of 
academic freedom. But the li-
beral-moderate coalition of re-
gents knew that the Reagan fac-
tion would not buy this. 

It is obvious that nearly every 
decision is made by compromise. 
Reagan wlll almost definitely not 
be able to get exactly what he 
wants today. But on the other 

,FORUM 

Guest Editorial 

AS Fees -_. Con 
by IAlonard Bourin 

This is a difficult time for all students, and we the students of USCD 
are feeling the presence of our complex society. 

On the one hand our governor is denying the need of society to 
progress, by denying to the university it s position as a "progressive-
force in society. Secondly the society maintains a gun at the back of 
every male student on this campus who is eligible for the draft. And 
even with a deferment the threat of channeling always hover s over the 
campus community. 

We have to recognize that we are receiving our education in an 
institution which is funded by the ver y segment of society which is 
repressing us and that they are attempting to use the univer sity as 
a further means of repression. 

It is my belief that the initiation of force, or in other words the use 
of coercive force, is immoral. Under coercive force I would not 
inolude sel!-defense, justified r evolution, and similar instances . The 
forciftg of people into jobs that are in the national interest by threat 
of the draft is immoral. Keeping people in school under threat of 
the draft is immoral. The military-industrial complex (for lack of 
a better name) is imposing this force upon us. 

NOVEMBER 22, 1968 PA GE 3 

Given the fact that to maintain a deferment most male students 
must remain in school and the ~government" is the institution which 
is imposing this condition, a student is fully justified in attending 
the public university without feeling he has an obligation to society. 
It is seU-defense, one of the few paths left open to young men today. 

To talk of leaving the country as the .only moral thing to do, because !)ft ~ 
living in a society demands conformity, is invalid for it denies the 
possibility of progress, a thing which is vital for a society to maintain .J L_ 
itself on the highest level. 0 .... n .. genld Keauaecly 

IAlt us now consider the case of the male student who does not pay 
the $6 per quarter ASUCSD fee. He cannot register for school. Not 
being able to register for school he will very likely lose his deferment. IJr1 All 2~, 1~/7 ___ AI ~ •. ~ ~_L -- 22, 1~63 
In other words the Associated Students is using coercive force to "WAf 7 1 f~ 7 
collect its fee s from a great number of students . ;~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~L Does anyone have the right to take from another pe r son that which 
belongs to the second person, by use of force. I answer NO! The AS I 
are doing it now. We mu st protect the rights of those who do not A S Cf t 7\. 1 t 
wish to pay $18 per year to the AS. These people have a right to . • e (;}{!na e .1"0 (f!J>;..' 
not derive the benefits which the AS pr ovides. by Jeff Brittain 

This is the time for student solidarity. We must get together if 
we are to have some meaningful effect upon our lives, and the society On Tuesday, the AS Senate met in open session. President Tom 
as a whole. How~'er , the answer is not to impose upon ourselves Shepard opened the meeting with a brie! report of the upcoming 
more of the repression which is already driving us into the ground. Regents gathering here. He said that at the Friday open session, 

l urge you on Nov. 25 to vote on the referendum. I urge you to vote there wi! be 500 students allowed into the gym, and monitors Will 
NO signifying that you are against the continuation of compulsory see that no more can enter, so as to keep order in the gym. 
fees. The que.stion is in th.e tor.m of a constitutional amendment and In the committee reports, Jim Magill reported on the progress 

must be ratified by two-thirds 10 order for the present policy to con- ot the AS fee refer endum campaign. He moved that all monies ari sing 
tinue. At the same time as I urge you to de!eat compulsory fees, I from the sale ot the student directory should be deposited into the publi-
also urge you to support a voluntarily funded AS and to indicate your city board files so as to help offset some of the costs of publicity 
support by marking a V on your ballot in addition to your vote. Let campaigns here. The movement was defeated. 
us protect ourselves. 
',;;r it' ;Iu- b; most supriSi~ 11: •• 
if he is dramatically rebu' ed, 
with the Regents going so far 
as to relax their September 20 
restrictions . 

So wher e do thingsstandnow? 
The Regents yesterday did essen-
tially nothing. But nothing is 
actually a defeat for the uni-
versity. What r emains to be 
seen is just how much the Re-
gents will have to give in to 
Ronnie and Max. 

The outlOOk for a clear-cut 
victory is bleak and a muddled 
compromise is actually a defeat. 
In this instance .. Heads I lose , 
tails you win" r eally does apply. 
(0.-- - is this any way to run a 
univers ity. ?) 

-t a - _ •• 
(Continued from page 1) 

Regent Boyd, chairman of the 
Educational Policy Committee 
thanked Shepard for his presenta-
tion, but suggested that such a 
matter should be brought before 
an already existing Regental 

committee , the Reor ganization 
Committee. Boyd contended that 
official channels already exist - -
the respective campus ad minis-
traUons , and said that the Re gents 
must respect the fact that au-
thority rests with these adminis-
trations . ~We don't intend to 
provide a -means of going around 
the adminis traHons, · he stated. 

Boyd also s tated that Shepard 
was invited to speak a t the re-
quest of UCSD Chance llor McGill. 

Jon Collins reported on discussions concerning the Blake Lou ge 
and what type of food will be served there. He said that it i not 
known yet whether or not the Lounge will be serving hot food or m rely 
Ice cream and cokes. 

Bill Eastman's • Firearms on Campus" motion was tabled until 
further notice. 

A motion to . appropriate $20 as part of Rick Brown's (organizer 
of the Center for Participant Education at Berkeley) plane fare was 
de feated . It was then moved by Steve Ishmael that a letter will be 
sent to the committee setting up the Muir Bill of Rights Convention 
(hopefully resulting in an official Muir government). The letter 
wou ld express AS approval of what is be ing done towards setting up 
a community government. 

The motion was defeated, as was an allied one involving a $100 
appropriation to aid the funding of that convention. However the AS 

. will absorb the previously incurred debts of the Bill of Rights con-
vention and later might give Muir College the $lOO to aid in setting 
up their government. 

InlBroatlonal 
IInlllilt'" 

FilII exhibition ? • 
Sherwood Hall 

700 Prospect Street 
La Jolla 454-0267 

FILM ANIMATION FESTIVAL 
Presented by the 

La Jolla Museum of Art 
Sponsored by ASI FA, 

Toumee of Animation. 

ATwo-Hour Performance 
of Twenty Films 

from Thirteen Nations 

·""Aud •• nclS ar. In for a tr.at." 
By Kevin Thomas LH Ang.l.a Tim ••. "'ay 2~ . lM8 

Friday, Dec. 6th 
Saturday, Dec, 7th 

7 p.m. & 9 p.m. 

Mail Order form 
Ma,1 check payable to L. Joill Museum 01 Art. 700 Prospect St'eet. LI Jolla . Colt 'orn,. 92037 
Please enclose I sel t .ddressed stamped envelope Theatre seats are not reserved TueSday 
throulh Frtd,y, t lc kel s Will be on sale In ttl, Museum T.ckets are also ,v' llable I t the bo_ ottK' 
.t the time of lne performance 

Number .f ticket.: 

-... 

z .. 

.. 

Personal 
Student 
Advisor 

Jerry : I didn 't under-
stand a word you said 
last night. Only sobbing 
and screaming.Why not 
fly home on PSA and 
we'll talk this oul like 
mature co lleg e fresh-
men. Love, M z. 

P S All you hal/e to do's 
phone your campus rep 

Susan Gromli 
222- 2572 

San FranCISco. Oakland or 
San Jose. $1985 Sac(a 
menlo, $21 59 L A or Holly 
wood-BUIbank $635 Super 
727 J Is PSA 911/(,5 you" "ft 



.' 

PAGE 4 NOVEMBER 22. 1968 

Prof. RICH4RD HOFSTADTER 

Lessons from a Similar Time and Place, Colmnbia U .. 
Editdr's note: As a cont.ributlon 
to the discussion olthe university 
and academic freedom in our 
troubled time, we are printinc 
the commencement address de-
livered by Professor Richard 
Hofstadter at Columbia Univer-
sity last sprin,. One of the most 
distinguished American histor-
ians, Professor Hofstadter is 
co-author with Walter Metzrer of 
"The Development of Academic 
Freedom in the United States", 
in addition to more famous works, 
such as the .. A~ of Reform". 

For a lon, time, Columbia 
University has been part of my 
life. I came here as a graduate 
s tudent in 1937, returned as a 
member of the faculty in 1946, 
and have since remained. 

In these years, 1 have had at 
this University many admired 
and cherished colleagues, and 
many able students. In this re-
spect' I am but one of a larce 
company offaculty members who, 
differIn, as they do on many 
matters, are alike in their sense 

of the greatness ofthis institution 
and in their affection for it. 

In this hour of its most ter-
rible trial, it could surely have 
found a great many of us willing 
to speak. Quite frankly I have 
never been very much interested 
in Commencements, although I 
recognize their important sym-
bolic function. But it seems to 
me entirely appropriate, and also 
symbolic, that on this unusual 
occasion a member of the faculty 
should have been asked to speak. 

Trustees, administrators, and 
students tend to agree that in 
ultimate reality the members of 
the faculty are the university, 
and we of the fac ulty have not 
been disposed to deny it. 

Yet while I hope 1 am speakinC 
in the interest of my university, 
it would be wrong to sucrest that 
I am precisely speaking for it. 
It is in fact of the very essence 
of the conception of the modern 
university that I wish to put before 
you that no one is authorized to 
speak for it. 

No Corporate Views 

A university is firmly com-
mitted to certain basic values of 
free dom, rationality, inquiry, 
discussion, and to its own in-
ternal order; but it does not have 
corporate views of public ques-
tions. Administrators and trus-
t!'es are, of course, compe lIed by 
practical necessity to take ac-
tions that involve some assump-
tions about the course and mean-
ing o[ public affairs; but they 
know that in so doing they are 
not expressing a corporate uni-
versity judgment or committing 
other minds. 

Members of the facultie s often 
express themselves vigC'rously 
on public issues, but th~ y ac-

SfUDENI' 
DBX)illIT 

10% off with AS Card at 

knowledge the obligation to make 
it clear that they are not speak-
Ing in the name of their univer-
sity. 

This fact of our all speaking 
separately is in itself a thin, of 
great consequence, because in 
this age of rather overwhelminlt 
orlt3Jlizations and collectivities, 
the university is singular in beini 
a collectivity that serves as a 
citadel of inteUectualindlvidual-
ism. 

A university is a community, 
but it is a commu'lity olaspecial 
kinri-a community devoted to 
inquiry. 

It exists so that its members 
may inquire into truths of all 
sorts. Its presence marks our 
commitment to the idea that 
somewhere in society there must 
be an organization In which any-
thing can be studied or ques-
tioned-not merely safe and es-
tablished things but difficu It and 
inflammatory things, the most 
troublesome questions ofpoUtics 
and war, of sex and morals, of 
property and national loyalty. 

Ideal Applicable to All 

It is governed by the ideal of 
academic freedom , applicable 
both to faculty and students. The 
ideal of academic freedom does 
indeed put extraordinary de-
mands upon human restraint and 
upon our capacity for disinterest-
ed thought. Yet these demands are 
really of the same general order 
as those we regard as essential 
to any advanced civilization. 

The very possibility of civilized 
human discourse rests upon the 
willingness of people to consider 
that they may be mistaken. 

The possibllity of modern de-
mocracy rests upon the willing-
ness of governments to accept 
the existence of a loyal opposi-
tion, orcanized to reverse some 
of their poliCies and to replace 
them in office. Similarly, the 
possibility of the modern free 
university rests upon the willing-
ness of society to support and 
sustain institutions part of whose 
business it is to examine, criti-
cally and without stint, the as-
sumptions that prevail in that 
society. 

Professors are hired to teach 
and students are sent to learn 
with the quite explicit under-
standinc that they are not re-
quired to agree with those who 
hire or send them. 

Underlyini these remarkable 
commitments is the belief that in 
the long run the university will 
bes t minister to society's needs 
not ahne throuch its mundane 
services but through the far more 

impo~ant office of becoming an 
intellectual and spiritual balance 
wheel. 

This Is a very demanding idea, 
an idea of tremendous sophisti-
cation, and it is hardly surprising 
that we have some trouble in 
getting it fully accepted by society 
or in Hving up to it ourselves. 
But just because it is demanding 
we should never grow tired of 
explaining or trying to realize 
It. or sltvuld we tl)O ouickly 
become impatient with those who 
do not immediately V'asp it. 

We are very much impressed 
now not simply by the special 
character of the free university 
but also by its fragility. The 
delicate tbLng about freedomis 

............ AI ...... that while it requires restraints, 
Featuring, from South America: it aL~o requires that these re-

.t<Alpaha hats & ponchos ' straints normally be self-1m 
*Sensuous fur rugs! posed, and not forced from out-
*Ancient Andl>an idols' sirll' . The de licate thing about 
"Sympathetic Koala bpars: thf' IIniversity is that it has a 

8080 EI Pa seo Grande mlxerl charadf'r, that it is SIlS-
459.2026 r nd rj ootw pn its rJl) It ion In the 

ext rnal world, wlth all It cor-
r IfJtlon and vII nd cruE'1tl , 

___________ ""'" It plendld v rl four 

imagination. 
The Wliversity does in fact 

perform certain mundane ser-
vices of instruction and infor-
mation to society--4lld there are 
those who think it should aspire 
to nothing more. It does in fact 
constitute a kind of free forum-
and there are those who want to 
convert it primarily into a cen-
ter of political action. 

But above these aspects of its 
existence stands it s essential 
character as a center of free 
inquiry and criticislJ}-Q thing 
not to be sacrificed for anything 
else. A university is not a ser-
vice station. Neither is it a 
political society, nor a meeting 
place lor political societies. With 
all its limitations and failures, 
and they are invariably many, it 
is the best and most benign side 
of our society insofor as that 
society aims to cherish the human 
mind. 

To realize its essential char-
acter, the university has to be 
dependent upon something less 
precarious' than the mom8ntary 
balanc~ of forces LIl soci3ty. It 
has to pin its faith on somethIng 
enat is ntli ha:"ct-~lled or se If-
regar Ing. It has to call not 

mer~ly upon critical intelligence 
but upon self-criticism anrt se lf-
restraint. 

There is no group of profes-
sors or administrators, ofalum-
ni or students, there is no class 
or interest in our society that 
should consider itself exempt 
from exercising the self-re-
straint or dJsplaying the gener-
osity that is necessary for the 
university's support. 

Some people argue that becau se 
the modp.rn university, whether 
public or private, is supported by 
and is part of the larger SOCiety, 
it therefore shares in all the 
evils of society, and must be 
quite ruthlessly revolutionized 
as a necessary step in social 
reform, or even in social revolu-
tion. That universities do share 
in, and may even at some Urnes 
and in some respects propap.te, 
certain ills of our society seems 
to me ua.deniable. But to imapne 

that the best way to change a 
social order is to start by as-
saultin( its most accessible cen· 
ters of thought and study and crit 
icism is not only to show a com-
plete disreprd for the intrinsic 
character of the university but 
also to develop a curiously self-
destructive strateit}' [or social 
chanre. 

Neutrality Impossible 

If an attempt is made to politi-
cize completely our primary cen-
ters of free argument and in-
quiry, they will only in the end 
be forced to lose their character 
and be reduced to centers of 
vocational trainin" nothing 
more. Total and pure neutrality 
for the university is in fact im-
possible, but neutrality should 
continue to define our aim, and 
we should resist the demand 
that the university espouse the 
political commitments of any of 
its members . 

This means, too, that the uni-
versity should be extraordinar Jly 
chary of relationships that even 

su~est such a political com-
mitment. 

The university Is the only great 
or~nlzation in modern socie ty 
which considers ltsellobli~ed not 
just to tolerate but even to give 
facilities and protection to the 
very persons who are ch~l1en~lng 
Its own rules , procedures, and 
pollcip.s. 10 subver silch a. 
tragil rlletllre Is :.tIl too I'asy, 

as we now know. That is why it 
requires, far more than our 
political society, a scrupulous 
and continued dedication to the 
conditions of orderly and peace-
able discussion. 

The technique of the torceable 
occupation and closure of a uni-
versity's buildings with the in-
tention of bringing its activities 
to a halt is no ordinary bar-

cain~ device-- it is a thrust at 
the vitals of university life. It 
Is a powerful device for control 
by a determined minority, and 
its continued use would be fatal 
to any university. 

Student Influence Needed 

In the next few years the uni- , 
versities of this country will have 
to find the effective strategy to 
cope with it, and to distInguish 
it sharply and permanently from 
the many devices of lecltirnate 
student petition, demonstration, 
and protest. 

Powers need to be redistrib-
uted. Some new organs of de-
cisions and communication need 
to be created. A greater partici-
pation of students in Wliversity 
decisions seems to me to be 
bound to come here and else-
where. Some students call for 
student power - others shrink 
from the term because they have 
some sense of the ardous work, 
the sheer tedium, the hi(h re-
sponsibilities that are always a 
part of administrative power _ I 
would SURest that, except for 
certain areas in which student 
decision has proved workable, 
what students need and should 
have is influence, not power; but 

they also need formal channels 
to assure them that their influ-
ence is in fact effective. 

Reform Takes Time 

About university reform cer-
tain guiding principles ought to be 
observed. Plans for the future 
should be based upon an evolu-
tion from existing structures and 
arrancements, not upon a utopian 
scheme for a perfect university. 
The business of reforming a 
university takes time, requires 
a certain willingness to experi-
ment and to retreat from ex-
periment when it does not work, 
and indeed a willingness not to 
undertake too many interlockinr 
experiments all at once. 

As reform demands time I it 
demands peace of mind, the abil-
ity to exchange views and pro-
posals in a calm and delibera-
tive spirity. It cannot be carried 
out, though it can be begun, in a 
ml)ment of crisis. It cannot be 
carried out under duress. 

What we need then is s tability, 
peace, mutual confidence. The 
time will soon come when the 
first haltini It8sture s toward con-
cniation can be multiplied and 
strengthened, when we can move 
more rapidly toward the recon-
struction of the frame of trlKt. 

We are living through a period 
in which the need for teachin, 
and research-for the services 
a university performs and the 
things it stands for-is Itfeater 
than it ever was before. What 
kind of a people would we be if 
we allowed this center of our 
culture and our hope to langaish 
and fall ? That is the question 
I must leave with you. 

featuring the sub-continent'l finest danc ... and mUlicianl 
headed by Shankar himlelf, extraordinarily fanciful and 
beautiful costumel, and the exotic instrumenh - the 
litar, the sarod, and the tabla - in an enchanting Feltival 
Of India . 

CIVIC THEATRE 
SAT. & SUN. NO'tl23-24 - 8:30 P.M. 

Special Student Ticket Prices: 

At Civic Theatre Box Office 
Before each pertorman ce 

400 seats $1.00 others·$1.50-4.50 

. ., 

• 

I. 

.. 

, . ~ 

• I .. 

• 

, .~ 

, ... 

A pro(1'am of chamber works 
will be presented by performin( 
muslci.a.ns from the Department 
of Music at the University of 
California, San Die 10, at 9:00 
p.m. on Saturday, November 23, 
in the Matthews Campus Recital 
Hall. 

Accordin, to Allen Goldman, 
rraduate student in music and 
spokesman for the concert, the 
music has been programmed in 
such a way that each work re-
lates to the others, with a stream 
of characteristics alludin, to the 
period of time and timelessness 
between death and rebirth, as 
explained in the Tibetan Book 
of the Dead. 

The proiram will include: 
II Nove n.ber' , by Harold Budd, 
with Allan Goldman, contrabas s, 
and tape; "Music for Electric 
Metronomes" by Toshi Ichiyana-
ri, with Alan Johnson, Jon Dut-
ton, Thomas Nee, Allan Goldman 
and Charles Buel; .. A Leaf-Lone-
liness-Falls" by William Mullen, 
' •. !l Jon Dutton andJolUJ Grimes, 

percussion, and Allan Goldman, 
contrabass and "Duo for Flute 
and Bass" by Ben Johnston, with 
Peter Middleton, flute, and Al-
lan Goidman, contrabass. Also 
included will be "Serenata" by 
Goffredo Petrassi, with Peter 
Middleton, flute, John Grimes, 
percussion, WilHam Mullen, 
viola, Shirley Wong, harpsichord, 
and Allan Goldman, contrabass, 
and "straits of Macellan" by 
Morton Feldman, with Jack Lo-
gan, trumpet, Joy Hujsak, harp, 
Peter Middleton, nute, Les Weil, 
guitar, Shirley Won" piano, Tho-
mas Nee, horn, Allan Goldman, 
contrabass, and Alan Johnson, 
conductor. 

All the works have been com-
posed since 1958. Feldman's 

piece, "Straits of Marellan," Is 
undoubtedly the world's softest 
septet. 

..................... 

Notice: The following Reso-
lution was adopted at yesterday's 
Educational Policy Committee 
meeting: 

WHEREAS, Bloop, bloop-de-
blop, 

THEREFORE Be It Resolved, 
Oink, Oink. Oink. 

r.eally R.spoacls 10 
R ••••• Thl'eat 

Yesterday the Steering Com-
mittee ofthefacultyAd-Hoc Com-
mittee concerning academic 
freedom and the present situa-
tion at the University issued 
its long awaited statement at 
a press conference in the Chan-
cellor's Bunding. 

Members present included Dr. 
Samuel Baron and Dr. Gabriel 
Jackson of the History Depart-
ment, Dr. Joseph Stokes of the 
School of Medicine, and Dr. 
WHltam Nachbar, of the AMES 
Department. 

The meetlng was opened by 
Dr. Baron. He stated that the 
purpose of this press confer-
ence was to inform the general 
public as to what is taking place 
at UeSD this week, and to clar-
ify the issues underlying these 
events. 

Baron voiced concern over the 
resolutions adopted at the Sep-
tember meeting of the Board of 

Regents, and also asked the Re-
gents to defeat the pending re-
solutions of Governor Reagan. 
Declaring that such acts Infringe 
upon the StandIng Orders of the 
University adopted in 1920, Baron 
voiced the fear that Reagan would 
use the September resolutions 
as a precedent on the basis of 
which to meddle further in the 
affairs of the university. 

At this point, Baron read tile 
text of the official statement of 
the Ad-Hoc committee. Noting 
that the state ment had been signed 

by approximately 210 faculty 
members, Baron claimed that 
such a great response on the 
part of a normally apathetic fa-
culty demonstrated the gravity 
of the present situation. The 
text of that statement is reprin-
ted here in full. 

·We the undersigned members 
of the UCSD Faculty respect-
fully urge the Regents to re-
affirm unequivocally the delega-
tion of authority to the faculty 
to determine curricula as under 
tbe present Standing Orders of 
the Regents. 

·Many features of the reso-
lutions of September 20, 1968 
have already produced grave con-
sequences in the operation of 
existing programs , in the plan-
ning of urgently needed educa-
tional reforms, and in the cru-
cial tasks of retaining and re-
cruiting faculty. The entire 
thrust olthe Governor's proposed 
motion of October 18 infringes 
upon faculty authority and further 
undermines faculty and student 
confidence in the future of the 
university. 

·We believe that it is our duty 
as responsible and concerned 
faculty members ofUCSDtowarn 
you most seriously that the con-
tinued existence of the Univer-
sity of California as a top-rank-
ing institution of higher educa-
tion depends upon your action 
to counteract current threats to 
the autonomy of the university. 

A four-part symposium sponsored by the campus Program Board of 
the Associated Students of the University of California, San Diego. 
The series includes individual lectures, panel discussions, and informal 
dialogues. The object is to bring together "Town and Gown· in a 
meaningful dialogue from which greater understanding and sensitivity 
can grow. • .• in an educational setting rather than through confronta-
tion and shouting from distant camps. 
SUNDAY, November 24, 8 p.m. 
Revelle Commons Cafete ria 

"What is the responsibility ofthe 
University to the commnitY,and 
concurrently, what is the Respon-
sibility of the Community to the 
University?" 

Moderator: George S. Murphy 

Participants: 
Assemblyman Pete Wilson 
mr. John Garland (La Jolla 

Provost Paul Salt man (Revelle 
College) 

Provost Armin Rappaport 
(Third College) 
MONDAY, November 25, 8 p.m. 
Revelle Commons Cafeteria 

·What Is the role of the Uni-
versity in society, and what are 
the forces involved in the as-
sumption of this role ?· 

Moderator: Gary Curtis 

Light-Journal) Speaker: Dr. William McGill 
~ * .. * * * * * * * * * * * .. UCSD Chancellor 
.... _ ............ ,.. '.- .,JIII .... - • - • -. - • _. _. -. _. _. _. _ • _ ..... 

I DROP DOWN! . . ~ 
• • i Pick up your FREE ;i 
i numbered Dower. i! 
• I. 
I 
• 

at Student Activities Office 
(Bldg. 250 MC) 

I 
• ; THIS WEEK'S WINNERS: 
• 

I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
• 

#8150 portable radio/tape player 
*8224 emergency highway kit 
#8023 auto wax kit 
#8083 or 
#8064 steerin, w/litel glove KEARNY MESA 

VOLKSWAGEN 
.,70 1(~ltNy MESA ~. 

S),N OIEGO .219·7100 

NOV ER 22 PAGE 5 

·We therefore urge you to re-
ject the Governor's proposed mo-
tion or any motion of similar 
intent. 

which concerned the faculty's 
future plans in the event Rea-
gan's motion passes. The con-
sensus was that though there 
were no specifiC plans in mind ·We agree with President Hitch 

that adoption of such a motion 
would have drastic conse-
quences .• 

The meeting then closed with 
a question and answer period 

classified ads 
'64 PLYMOUTH FOR SALE. 
Two-door, Hurst shifter, slicks, 
and two mags. $900. A-I Motor 's 
7200 El Cajon Blvd. Call 583-
4557. 

at the moment, the faculty was 
determined to continue a rigid 
opposition to such infringements 
upon academic freedom. 

MOVING TO PANAMA. MUST 
sell 1965 VW. Low mileage, 
heater, camber compensator I in 
excellent condition. $1,195 . 
Contact Carolyn Rogness in the 
HL library, adminstration office. 
Call 453-2000, ext. 1963, or 295-
8842 or 296-4182. 

"HAIR DEALS WITH WAR, 
SEX, DOPE, CIVIL RIGHTS, 
PATRIOTISM, AFFECTION, 
ESCAPISM, GENERATION 
GAPS, AND POP CULTURE." 

Mart ,n a.rnhe,mpr, LA Times Calendar 

SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE 
Special Low Priced Preview Performances Nov, 22 thru Dec , 2 
Tuesday thru Thursday at 8:30 •.. 5650 , . , $5.50 , , 54 .50 
Sunday at 3 :00 and 7:30 ... . .. , 650 ... 5.50. ,. 450 
Friday at 8 :30 , ... .. ........ 7.50 .. , 6.50 . 5.50 
Saturday at 6 :30 and 10:30 . . . .. 7,50, .. 6,50 ." 5,50 

STUDENT HAIR · CUTS $1.00 OFF Tuesday, Wedntlday, Thursday , 
8 :30 p.m.; Friday 11 :45 p. m.; Sunday 3 p . m . • ubject to Ivallabillty. 

Discount t,ckets at Aquarius Theatre Box 011 Ice or by mall, 

r----------------------, 
I STUDENT DISCOUNT COUPON • HA R I I I Please send __ T,ckets at $ Total $ I 
list Choice : Day Date Time I 
: 2nd ChOice : Day Date Time : 
I Name I 
I Address I 
I City State I I Zip Code Phone I 
I Enclose check or money order payable to Aqua"us The.tre I 
I 6230 Sunse' Bouleva rd. Hollywood , Caltlornl. 90028 I 
L __ -"~~ ~~s:..".:e~a~~~ ~~ped ~~~e.!~::':1 

D,scount Group Sales - Phone T,pp, Kelley 466 6818 

The American Tribal Love·Rock Musical 



T 

PAGE 6 NOVEMBER 22, 1968 

Friday, November 22, 196~ 
Alpha Phl Omega movie "That Man In Istanbul", USB 2722, 8 p.m. 
A.S. Concert/Dance "Quicksilver Messenger Service", " Hard Luck 
Boy" and l1ghtshow by 'Mirkwood', Gymnasium, $3.00 (UCSD stu-
dents $2.00 prior sale), 8:30 p.m. 

.. 
. . .' 

Sunday, contilJued 
John Garland, Provost Paul Saltman and Provost Armin Rappaport. 
Revelle Main Cafeteria, 8 p,m, 
Coffee Hut Hootenanny, 9 p,m, 

Monday. November 5, 1968 
Soaring Club, USB 3070, 7 p.m. 

KIOSK 
SKI CLUB MEETING ON TUES., . 
7:30 p.m., USB 3010. 

Meeting wUl f)ertain to trips 
to Mammoth Mountain 011 Dec. 
14-15 and in Jan, 

Sp.turday, November 23, 1968 
Chinese Student Association fishing competition at Scripp's pier, 12 noon. 
Alpha Phi Omega car rally, starts in the Revelle south parking lot, 6 p.m. 
Alpha Phi Omega movie "That Man In Istanbul", USB 2722,8 p.m. 
Coffee Hut entertamment, 9 p.m. 

A.S. lecture by Chancellor William McGill "What is the role of the ------------
University in society and what are the forces involved in the as sump- INTERESTED IN INCREASING 
tion of this role?" Revelle Main Cafeteria, 8 p.m. your reading speed and compre-

Tuesday, November 26, 1968 Department of Music presents "The Tibetan Book of the Dead", 
a concert of Karmic Illusion, 409 MC, 9 p.m. Students for a Democratic Society, HL-1148, 6 p.m. 

Solchelas, HL-462, 6:30 p.m. 
Sunday, November 24, 1968 Alpha Phi Omega, USB 4030, 7 p.m. 

Ski Club, USB 3010, 7 p,m. 
Soaring Club, USB 2622, 7 p.m. 

Theatre Workshop, 409 MC, \0 a.m. 
TNC, HL-Auditorium, 7 p.m. 
A,S. panel discussion "What is the responsibility of the University 
to the community, and concurrently, what is the responsibility of 
the community to the University?" Assemblyman Pete Wilson, Mr. 

University Folk Dancers, South Dining Hall, 7 p.m. 
A.S. Senate meeting, Conference Room A, MC, 7:30 p.m. 
Go Surslde Student Center 

• 

J)ec IS /0" ~/ 
J)~cis' · 

I O"S / 
• 

Some deCiSions are relativelV unimportant. 
Where vou pul vour engineering 
talent to work is not. 
As you contemplate one of the most important decisions of your life, we invite you to consider a 
career at Pratt & Whitney Aircraft. Here, you will find wide·open opportunities for professiorral growth 
with a company that enjoys an enviable record of stability in the dynamic atmosphere of aerospace 
tech nology. 

We select our engineers and scientists carefully. Motivate them well. Give them the equipment and 
facilities only a leader can provide. Offer them company·paid, graduate·education opportunities. 
En.;ourage them to push into fields that have not been explored before. Keep them reaching for a 
litt e bit more responsibility than they can manage. Reward them well when they do manage it. 

And your decision is made easier, thanks to the wide range of talents required. Your degree ca n be a 
8. :;., M.S., or Ph.D. in: MECHANICAL • AERONAUTICAL • ELECTRICAL • CiiEMICAL • CIVIL • 
M/,RINE. INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING • PHYSICS • CHEMISTRY • METALLURGY • MATERIALS 
SCIENCE. CERAMICS • ffiATHEMATlCS • STATISTICS • COMPUTER SCIENCE • ENGINEERING 
SCIENCE • ENGINEERING MECHANICS. 

Ccnsult your college placement officer-or write Mr. William L. Stoner, Engineering Department, 
Pr3tt & Whitney Aircraft, East Hartford, Connecticut 06108. 

Pratt & Whitney f=lircraft 
EAST HARTFORD AND MIDDLETOWN, CONNECTICUT 
WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA 

U 
DIV'SION O~ UNITED R ..... ~ cO .. PO ..... TION 

hension as well? You can now 
do so through the UCSD Exten-
sion Program. 

Mr. Frank Nickerson, a read-
ing specialist, is currently con-
ducting a ciass on Matthews Cam-
pus entitled "Improvement of 
Readin, for Adults." Due to 
the popularity of the course it 
will be repeated in the winter 
quarter. 

Look for announcement of the 
course in the Extension Pro-
iram's Schedule of Classes (EX-
plore). Since Explore went to 
press, an additional class section 
has been added and will be of-
fered on Tuesday evenings. It 
is recommended that students en-
roll in this section. The Thurs-
day evening section was the :,Iy 
one mentioned in Explore ~nd 
'it probably will be filled early. 

"Improvement of Reading for 
Adults" 812A will be offered as 
a non-credit course, fee $45 
(10 meetlnr;s). 

Section 90 begins Thursday, 
January 9, 1969, 7:00 - 10:00 
p.m., Room lilA, Matthews Cam-
pus. 

Section 91 be gins Tue sda y , J an-
uary 7, 1969, 7:00 - 10:00 p.m., 
Room 506, Matthews Campus. 

To obtain a copy of Explore 
and to register, contact the UCSD 
Extension, Bldg, 103, Matthews 
Campus, after December 2, 
(phone 453-2000, extension 2051). 

Si~ up early, enrollment is li-
mited. 

VOC .. ALISTS JOAN CALDWELL 
and Elisabeth Marti will offer 
a duet durin~ the worship hour 
at University Lutheran Church In 
La Jolla this Sunday. The ser-
vice begins at 10:00 a.m. with 
the Rev. John G. Huber officlat-
ing. 

The vocal selection is, "Wir 
Ellen mit Schwachen doch En-
sigen Schritten," by J.S. Bach. 
Carol Saz:l.ma is the organist. 
This will be Mrs. Caldwell's 
fin:l.l presentation at University 
Church before her departure to 
the state of Washington. 

"Freedom from Siavery," is 
the sermon topic, Campus Pastor 
Huber will describe a Christian 
formula for President - elect 
Richard Nixon's objective, 
"Bring us to~ther. " 

A specl:l.l service of thanks-
giving Is planned for Thanks-

~ving Day, Thursday, November 
28, at 10:00 a.m. Pastor Huber's 
se rmon, "A Thankful Minority of 
One," will be based on the story 
of Jesus healing the ten lepers. 

In lieu of Operation Jericho 
dialo~es , the friends and mem-
bers of University Chapel :ue 
being encouraged to attend the 
series of four discussions on the 
UCSD campus, including the panel 
this Sunday, November 24, be-
~-min, at 8:00 p .. m., on the 
theme,' "What is the Responsibi-
lity of the University to the 
Community?" It is open to the 
public. 

-------------------

THE FOLLOWING FILMS WILL 
be shown at noon on Tuesdays 
in Room 'l622 USB: 

November, 19, AMES Aero-
space Film, "The Four Days 
ot Gemini IV" (color); 

November 26, AMES Fluid 
Mechanics Film, "Waves in 
Floids" (black and white); 

December 3, AMES Aerospace 
Film, "Trial Balance" (color); 

December 10, AMES Fluid 
Mechanics Film, "pressure 
Fields and Fluid Acceleration" 
(bla.ck and white); 

December 17, AMES Aero-
space Film, "Proud Conquest--
Gemlnl VI and vn" (color). 

.. 

RaNI . on Sports ' 

Heal Thy Mind & Body 
UCSD's physical education, in-

tramural sports, and Intercoller-
iate sports programs have helped 
to brine this campus to its present 
status as one of the finest all-
around schools in the country. 
students are involved here in 
academics, politics, social life, 
and also in athletics. 

ThrouCh the learningprograms 
offered by the P.E. Department, 
students have the chllnce to be-
come profiCient In many sports 
which can be used throuChout 
one's life. 

The intramural program hlnces 
on the success of participation, 
and so far, the participation must 
be good because of the intra-
mural's apparent success. , Andy 
Sklef, the hard-workinc bead ot 
the intra murals pro(l'am, feels 
the same way about the success 
of his pro(l'ams, although he has 
room for more students to par-
ticipate. 

Inte rcol1ecf:l.te sports are in 
the same boat. Theyaredeslcned 
for students with, as the cataloc 
says, a "hlch de(l'ce of profic-
iency •.• ", And even though our 
teams aren't settinc any new 
NCAA records for winning 
streaks, the prorram is good 
for the athletes, and for fans 
who can enjoy the pmes. As that 
famous philosopher of life, Char-
lie Brown, puts it, "We m:l.y not 
~lways win, but we are sincere." 

And I can only .,!fer a little 
bit of evidence of that sincerity-
a cross section of all kinds of 
students participatinr in a pro-
cra.m which the catalog says is 
"rewardinc not in terms of aca-
demic credit ••• , but in terms 
of heaIttl, social, and moral bene-
fits •• ." 

These benefits, aucmentin,the 
outstanding academic procram 
here, make tbis school the ideal 
university. I be, you not to chance 
it. 

The members of the 1968 Triton cross country team, pictured here, \ 

SPORTS 
SHORTS 

Fros h B asketball 
The Triton freshman Basket-

ball team will open :I. 25-pme 
schedule on Nov. 26 against North 
Island Air Station. 

The Triton's have three out-
standing prospects from the San 
Diera area. They are Bob Kel-
lison - All C.I.F, player from 
Helix High, Steve Wadden- C.l.F. 
performer from Oceanside High 
and Frank Forgiano from Gross-
mont High School. 

Outstanding Los Angeles area 
prospects are Paul Kroger from 
San Gabriel Hirh, and Jim Salter 
from Bishop Amat of La Puente. 
Dave Connelly from Mission Vie-
go Hieh in Oranee County also 
has the potenti:l.l to be an out-
standinr player according to 
Coach Cunnin,ham. 

Lack of heieht will be a major 
problem for the Tritons as they 
have no-one over 6'4·, They 
will attempt to counteract this 
with a running attack and an 
acrressive defense. 

HichUrhts of the schedule will 
be games against UC Santa Bar-
bara, San Die,o state, UC ir-
vine, Cal Western and the se-
cond annual San Dieco City 
Freshman Tournament to be held 
this year at San Diero state on 
March 3 and 4. 

The coach for the UCSD fresh-
man basket ball team is Barry 
Cunninghllm (ext. 2282). 

Baseball 
are (left to right): Bottom - Jay Segal, Captain Jay Gillette, Greg An organizational meetinr of 
Nierengarten, Phil Farabaughi Top - Randy Twombly, Art Jujan, Mike the intercolli~te baseball team 
Klayeri and, not pictured, Clayton Becker, Joe Gonzales, Clark Rosen. has been set for Tuesday nieht, 

...... Baaaing .xp ... I •• c. 
Nov. 26 at 7:00 in the gym. 
AlI those planning to try-out 
for the squad should attend the 
meeting in order to meet the 
coaches and discuss practice 
schedules and procedures. 

by Clark Rosen The season itself will consist 
Anyone who has watched along country and registered a 4:29 of about 35 games including six 

cross-country race has probably mile In track. Art has also double-headers and 11 away-
wondered why a person would shown promise as a cheerleader I:'llmes mostly in the Los Anceles 
choose to participate in such a at football games. area and the home ~mes. 
painful activity. Other harriers with obvious Dally practice will be held on 

An exhausted runner rarely potential are fre shmen Mike Kl:l.- the new intercolli~te di:l.mond 
eives the impression that he is yer and Phil Farabaugh, and located near the new married 
enjoying himself. Daily training sophomore Clark Rosen, who is students dorms across interstate 
for long-distance running doesn't recovering from mononucleosis. highway 5. 
look like milch fun either. So All these runners have atleast With only six returnin,players 
who likes to run anyway? three years of cross-country and from l:l.st year's squad, the op-

At UCSD this sport has nine track experience, and all claim portunities for new players to 
devotees. They compete incross- to get some kind of satisfaction particip:l.te is very good. The 
country races ranging from four from runnmg, with the excep- team is expecially in need ot 
to six miles in length and sub- tion of surly Art Lujan, "I pitchers, catchers and outfield-
ject themselves to Coach Bob hate to run!" says Art. "I ers. 
Wilson's moderately punishinc was pushed into it because of For further information con-
work-outs every afternoon. my natural ability. If I were tact Jeff McCombs, 453-1350, 

Jay Segal, captain of last year's 40 pounds heavier I'd play foot- Bob Lane (P.C. office) or Keith 
team, has been the speediest ball." Stowe (Physics Dept.). 
member at the squad. Recently The others agree th:l.t running 11 b 11 
he set a school record- of 28:00 is the best way to keep stronc V 0 ey a 
on UCSD's hilly 4.6 mile course. and healthy and that in a way There will be a meeting for 
Jay has run consistently wen, it feels good. As Jay Segal all students interested in parti-
capturing top spots in tough com- says, "It feels ~ood when you cipatin, on an inte~'colle(iate vol-
petition. During track season stop." leyball team Tuesday, Nov. 26, 
last sprint he clocked a swift Jay GilIette has stron, lee lin,s at 7: 00 p.m, in the north bal-
9:45 for the two-mile. about his sport - feelings cener- cony of the tym. 

Jay Gillette, abo a second- ally shared by his teammates. The coach of the team wUJ 
year man, Is captain and spir i- For Jay the important thing is be Jim Calendar. 
tual leader of the team. A the loneliness, the chanenge of For further information, con-
former distance star at little- individual effort, fi~htint to con- tact Athletic Director Howard 
known Yucaipa High (located in trol tile body with the mind. Hunt, ext. 2275. 
little - known Yucaipa), he has ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~;:z::~;:z::* 
covered our course in 28:53, third I 
fastest time in UCSD' s history. Foreign 

Greg Nieren~rten was second 
man on UCSD's 1965 team. Now I 
he is back after two ye:l.rs active 
duty in the Navy and is contri-
buting his talent to the (I'oup. 

AND American people meet at 

The Tritons have acquired new 
talent in freshmen. Joe Gonza-
les, valedictorian of his gradua-
ing class and a 9:40 two-mller 
at EI Cajon HiCh, has been Im-
prOving greatly In recent weeks. 

Randy Twombly ran four sea-
sons of cross-country- at Los 
Altos High and has successfully 
adjusted to the longer college 
courses. 

Multi - talented Arthur Lujan 
attended Morse Hich,in San Dlero 
where he was top man in cross-

• ., t .' .~ I'" 

KHERO'S 
Caaca ... MoaatalDee .. 

(1 nternational Center) 
Persian & Circassian Food 

also 10 exotic coffees & pa te;ies 
of the Middle East 

Open 7 days a week 
8 am-12 midnite 

AMATEUR FOREIGN 
(any) LANGUAtE 
FOLKSINGERS 
WANTED !! 

317 UNIVERSITY AVENUE 
SAN DIEGO (near 4th Ave) 

Bob Wilson (top) and John Gres-
sard are shown here getting ready 
for the 1968-69 wrestling season. 

******** 
The intramural office would like 
to remind all individuals planning 
to partiCipate in the Cross Coun-
try Turkey that the event will 
take place on Nov. 27at3:oop.m. 
You must contact the intramural 
office, ext. 2282, if you plan to 
partiCipate, 

******** 
Cagers Open 
Tuesday Nite 

The UCSD varsity basketb:l.ll 
team will be unveiled Tuesday 
nirht '(Nov . 26) in their openin, 

~me a~inst the University of 
Morelia. Openlne tipoff is at 
8:00 p.m. in the gym. The 
Tritons, with only one returning 
letterman, Bill Flatley, who last 
year as :I. Junior, avera~d 17.5 
points per game, will feature 
a line-up 10:l.ded with junior col-
lege transfers. 

The J.C. transfers include 
Clarke Moseley - 6'2" guard 
tram CUros, Ed Babiuch - 6'2" 
forward from Orange Coast, Dave 
Kiefer - 6'4" forward from Santa 
Ana, Guy Dlmonte - 5'10" guard 
from Valley J.C. and Bob Des-
jardlnes - 6'0" guard from Santa 
Monica J.C. 

"We will be quicker than last 
year's te:l.m with more scorin~ 
potential and better quality 
depth" is Coach Stoner's candid 
appraisal of this year's squad. 

However, the key to the Tri-
ton's success tbis season could 
be the play of centers, Ron Car -
ter - 6'5" transfer from Santa 
Monica J.C. and Jeff Mill -
6'5" who played for the Tritons 
two years aco and averared 16 
points per pme. 

The Tritons, entering Into their 
third season of intercollegiate 
competition, face a schedule of 
strong opponents, including a 
road trip that takes them to 
British Columbia to comT)9te in 
the "Clansman Classic." . 

PAGE 7 

NIV B . a ts 
..... Ito •• ~7·6 

by Dave Warburton 
The Triton football team bowed 

to the Nevada Southern Univer-
sity Rebels 6-27 at Las Ve~s 
last Saturday. 

The Rebels were rotble to ex-
tend the ir season record to 8-0 
with this victory. However, it 
took the Rebels almost three 
quarters to score the co-ahead 
touchdown as the Tritons played 
their best ~me of the season. 

The Tritons scored first after 
,oine 60 yards in seven plays. 

Late in the fir st period Ne-
vad:l.'s Lee Wright picked off a 
Gleason pass and returned it 
to the NSU 43. Two plays later 
the Rebels fleet tailback, Larry 
Hodges, scampered around left 
end behind excellent block inc and 
ran 51 yards for the touchdown, 
The kick W:l.S wide and the quar-
ter ended 6-6. 

In the third quarter the Tri-
ton defense a~in did a rood 
job. The second time the Re-
bels cot the ball Casey attempted 
to pass but Bob Dosh deflected 
the ball :l.nd Mike Fagan inter-
cepted. Grec Gleason then passed 
to Mike Heredia for 30 yards 
but the Tritons gave up the ball 
on downs at the NSU 43. 
Nevada W:l.S then able to sus-
lain a 57 yard drive in nine 
plays for the touchdown. An 
attempted pass for the extra point 
was incomplete • 

The fourth quarter becan with 
an interception of :I. Triton pass 
which went off the hands of the 
receiver into the hands of Rich 
LO(:l.n of NSU who returned it 
i7 yards for a touchdown. Casey 
passed to Logan for the extra 
point. 
A touchdown pass from Mario 
Aquero to Sam Bradford as time 
ran out climaxed a 48-yard NSU 
touchdown drive. The Cc.ilver-
sion made the final score 27-6, 

The Tritons had their best 
best came of the se:l.son, play-
ing well in every department. 
The oEfensi ve line continued the 
fine play of last week, giving 
Gleason more time than he had 
in earlier games. Coach Wal-
te r Hackett said both Bob Dash 
and Bill Faddis did outstanding 
jobs on the defensive line. 

The Tritons last game Is a-
~inst St. Mary's at Moraga. 
st. Mary's has a 5-3 record 
lind has a good passrn, attaCk. 
The Tritons have improved tre-
mendously in the last few weeks 
and the St. Mary's pme should 
be very close . 

THE 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF 

COLLEGE STUDENTS 
announces 

COLLEGE STUDENTS 
AUTOMOBILE 

INSURANCE PROGRAM 
Under 2] yr. old 5100 Seml·Annually 
Over 2] yr. old $4000 emi·Annually 

(for qu alified tudents) 
Even lower rate for marnE'd & female~ 

Doe your polic} give you All of these henefit~ for as 10\\ a pre· 
mlUm? 
1. 2()<1 DISCOU T schola~l1c 
2. 1()<1 DI OU T . on renewal 
3. Monthly payments 
4. OC CELLATIO. due to cinnng reCOld 
5. PORTS CAR no additional charge 
6. 00 ED~CLl Em THIS STUDE 'T ~ OR 'DPR GRAM 
This IS a pecla~ progra m for alif College. tudent~ Onl) 

Fo\- tmm dlate servl(~e CIA Inf"rn ... t;ulI ,,:1 

CALIFORNIA COLLEG STUDENT PROGRAM 
2223 EI Cajon Blvd. San Diego 

291 -4335 

.. , , ... "".- '. 



PAGE 8 NOVEMBER 22, 1968 q[it'llll 'i1ies 

AS FEES Prese.': 
I 

'T 

NJlll 
Q {IGktt.s 10 S:bb -toAa\: . 
@Wil ~'i cArel $ ?...OO 

clr. -the cloo~: ~ 3 .22 


