
and for the Students of UCSD 3 June 1968 

Revelle Students To 
Elect COSA On Wed. 

Lewis CIaybJ lrne, an assistant to the S.)I~cltor Gell~I"\1 lr the Uni~ed 
Stites, spea::::; ,)11 "The Law ::I.'"j Dissent" in the first l:cture of 
the Draf~ SY'Tlpo<;' 1m, the rp.st of which has been postponed until Fall. 

The election for student repre-
sentatives to the committee that 
will write the constitution for 
Revelle College government will 
take place this Wednesday, in-
stead 01 Monday as scheduled. 

From the slate of 11 candi-
dates running, the six with the 
greatest number of votes will be 
chosen. Voting will take place in 
the Revelle plaza between the 
hours of 8:00 a.m. and 7:00 p.m. 

The election is being run and 
supervised by the current COSA 

(COm~itt on Student Affairs). 
Alter a eek on open hearings, 
the mittee established elec-
tion procedures and other ground 

C I yb S k rules. They decided that untU a 0 urne pea S such time as a constitution is ratified, student representatives 
will be paid $100 per quarter. 

n Resl8stance The students who filed their 
'The Times cootinues! Steve Landau, news e1itor, and John Mc:arthy, 
editor-L"1-chief, prepare to take ov~r from Re:lOey Senn, olltgol1g 
editor-i ... -chi~f, and Roger Showl'!y, ex-h~M of the news 1epa-tment 

petitions by last Wednesday's 
--Photo by Kathy Bower 

deadline, and who will be on the 
Mr. Lewis Claybourne, a spe- Active resistance, he contin- ballot are, in alphabetical order: 

cial assistant to the Solicitor ued, includes anti-draft counsel- Tom Baer, Michael Brown, Pres-
General of the United States , ing and the aiding and abetting ton Carter, John Mueh, Carl 
spoke to a small audience Tues- of such unlawful acts. The courts Neiburger, Paul Pucci, Bill Rein-
day night in the Revelle Cafe- presently hold the actions of Dr. er, Bryan Ritter, Susan Smith, 
teria on the legalities of passive Spock and the pouring-of-blood Stephen Roberts, and Sharon Wil-
and active draft resistance. AI- in 'd t ' th son. 

Cl en SIne same light as The six elected students will 

Triton Times Staff 
Shifts Positions 

though he admitted that his views active resistance to the draft. 
might not constitute the official M C join faculty and administrative 

With the current year of pub-
lication fast coming to a close, 
the editors of the Triton Times 
ratified their constitution and, 
in accordance with procedures 
set forth in it, elected new of-
ficers for next year. 

1 r. laybourne also spoke on representatives to write a con-ones 0 his department, he felt the action of renouncing U.S. 
that they did comprise the es- citizenship to avoid the draft. stitution which will ultimately 
sense of the question on the le- He mentioned that the revokation have to be rat1!1ed by all groups 
'r 1 status of those who oppo- of citizenship is in nearly every concerned - students, faculty, 
sed the Selective Service System and administration. 

r ' case a total and final step, and students will vote for 6 out of ln theory and practice. the draft resistor surrenders Part of Claybourne's speech 11 1 i the eleven in Wednesday's elec-
John McCarthy, next year a 

senior majoring in history at 
Revelle and currently co-copy 
editor, will be the Times' se-
cond editor-in-chief, succeeding 

was based on the new Supreme a cams upon the government tion. Any ballots with more than 
C with this type of action. that number of votes Wl' U be dis-ourt ruling which will go into 
effect in July. He also discussed ront1:nued on naqe 8 qualified. 
the legal differentiation between -----
passive and active resistance To Un '; fe Callin ia Studen ts 
to the draft. 

According to Mr. Claybourne, 
passive resistance is that which 
involves only the resistor him-
self, such as leaving the country 
or faCing jail for refusal to 
serve in the armed forces. In 
the eyes of legal machinery of 
the Federal government, this is 
a very different thing from ac-
tive resistance. 
.................... 

• i< 11 • 11 ~ 
• Today's is the final t' . gular \~~'let< 
.j( I)r the Triton Times for thlSlr 
.j( year. On June 14 we will pub ...... 
.. Ush a s~l;i~l C.)mm;nc?men~ 
: Edition, complete Wlt'1 r-lp-upst' 
.j( of polltics, sports, and arts oct' 
.j( the year, l rl3view of ~he tlstf' 
.j( four yaan of UCSO's growth: 
.j( nd a preview of next year's ... 

~ campus development. This 20-.., 
.j( 24 page issue with color and his-~ 
« toric photographs will be avail-... 
11 able to students already gon 
• tor the summer by sending 25~.., 
• tor postage and handling andir 
• home addrp.sses to the Trlto,* 
• Times Office (Bldg. 250) Mat-~ 
.j( thews campus before return in 
.j( home. ~ 
« i< 
•••••••••••••••• 

CFS Meeting Held at Berkeley 
Forty representatives from a- Shepard doubted that anything employment practices, and edu-

round the State met at the Ber- specific will be initiated by CFS cational reforms. "Hopefully," 
keley campus a week ago to be- until the beginning o( 1969. Over Shepard said, "the director would 
gin plans on the ambitious Call· the summer he will work with be a student just out of college, 
(ornia Federation of Students Or- three other students from Cal even possibly out of law school, 
ganization. state, LA, UC Santa Cruz and who would be out to make a name 

CFS, as it is called, will ul- UC Berkeley, in writing a con- for himself." 
Umately involve California's 1 stitution. Conflict at the conference a-
million students at UC, state The details of the organiza- rose when representatives from 
College, Junior College, andpri- tlons of CFS have yet to be anford University voiced strong 
vate institutions In a large or- finalized. Shepard said, however, doubts about the effectiveness of 
ganization which oCfers services that representation by all four doubts about the relevance CFS 
to individual schools that they groups of California's higher ed- would have to private colleges 
could not otherwise afford. ucational institutions will pro- and universities. 

Representing UCSD at Berke- bably form the basis ot the Fed- "Stanford refused to accept 
ley was AS President Tom Shep- eration. the services CFS could offer," 
ard who explained the results "We agreed, basically, on Shepard reported, "and said 
of the conference: $33,000 budget (or the first everyon should wait till th 

"CFS, we found, must begin year," he said. "That money, purpose of the Federation could 
by depending on groups of sup- which will be collected on each outlined in a constitution." 
porters before large-scale op- campus, will pay for a full-time her representatives ug-
erations can be ofrered. We found and part-time secretary; a re- gested that North-South divisions 
that it was somewhat difficult search director, and a lobbyist in CFS would be effective, es-
to find something to unite all in the state Capito!." pecially in the p:anning of Stat -
students. The group that was at The research director, the AS wide booking of large scal en-
Berkeley d monstrated the di- president explained, would travel tertainers and lecturers. 
versity of feeUngs throughout around the state, looking into ce CFS is stabUshed, She-
the state." government corruption, unfair ( ontmued on Pal 4) 

Renney Senn, editor for this year 
and who was largely responsible 
for founding the Triton Times. 

steve Landau, who succeeded 
Roger Showley several weeks 
ago, will remain ews Editor 
next year. 

Chris Sheldon, a Muir soph-
omore next year, will take over 
the position of Copy Editor for 
the paper. Two other editorial 
positions which have been va-
cant most of this year were 
filled. Tom Baker will be the 
Feature Editor and Paul Hamburg 
the Fine Arts Editor. All three 
will be juniors at Revelle next 
year. other positions not filled 
are Sports Editor . Photography 
Editor, and Advertising Manager. 

The Times Constitution states 
that all decisions concerning the 
paper will be decided by an Edit-
orial Board consisting of the 8 
editors mentioned above. Asmal-
ler Execu tive Board will rule 
on matters of importance that 
occur between the regularly 
scheduled meetings of the lar-
ger board . 

Th Corstitution includes a 
statement of purpose for th Tri-
ton Times. -The intents and pur-
poses of U e Triton Time shall 
be to prepa' a newspaper which 
refl cts the inter st of the Uni-
versity community, to present 
news and events as obj ctlv ly 
~ 1JU~~iiJlt!; LU cultiVate to V1 r-
ied int rests the niv r ity of 
California, San Diego, i e., 
sports, Cine arts, and academic 
and xtracurricular activitie , 
and community functions of con-
cern to th s tu c nt ; and to pro-
vid a medium for th expr ssion 
of s tud nt id as and opinion •• 



What About This Petition On AS Fees? 
Several studeots have become disillusioned with the whole idea 

of student gover ,lmen on campu, anr1 have instituted a 'curious cam-
paign to resolve their grievances in the form oC ,1n ASUCSD Consti-
tu lonal amendment. The proposal states thta the AS Senate may 
charge compulsory fees at any rate or at any time. The initiators 
of this drive all hap~n to be from John Muir College, which seemed 
to be suffering from neglec t up until two weeks ago when the new 
AS allocated funds to the second college for the first time. 

Nevertheless, this clever move to make the AS fee payment volun-
tary has striking consequences which we feel should be placed before 
our readers. Fir st of all, the real aim of the designers of the pe-
tition is hidden behind typical bureaucratic phraseology, drawn up 
by a practicing lawyer. The amendment, at face value, authorizes 
'"hat is already in effect, namely. a compulsorv AS fee. Furthermore, 
the Chancellor and students agreed to a compulsory AS fee in 1964 
and only by a referendum can this situation be changed. 

Second, according to certain students who s igned the petition, 
the aim ot the document was indeed misrepresented. "We're simply 
trying to put in the Constitution what is already in effect," they 
told uninformed under grads. Apparently, nothing was said about the 
intent to impose the minority's view onto the majority, for U more 
than 1/3 but less than 1/2 of the students vote against the amend-
ment, for whatever reasons, the petitioners' purpose will be ful-
filled: the AS would no longer be able to levy Associated Student 
Fees. 

Third, the attitude of the signers of the petition which the Senate 
heard last week indicates that the students are not really aware 
of the purpose of the petition. For example, some felt simply that 
the issue ought to be brought to a vote, in contrast to the other signers, 
with the same weight behind their signatures, who actively oppose 
student gove rnment on any grounds . Petitions, historically, have 
been drawn up to bring to the attention of some authority a C{!rtain 
issue. The exact wording of the petition should be ot crucial im-
portance to the signers, yet the attitude ot supporters of the present 

Guest Editorial 

petition shows that the portent of the wording was missed altogether, 
and, in fact, misinterpreted. 

Fourth, the designers of the petition alleged that "the administr-
ation" had promised them that it would abide by the petition's article 
which called upon the Senate to cease all expenditures and fee char-
ges until the issue had been resolved. The identity of the admini-
strator(s) who promised this has been kept secret and possibly 
reflects the truthfuiness of the petitioner's claim. lf in fact "the 
administration" promised such inaction this unilateral action is 
indirect conflict with the spirit of cooperation which the present 
AS is painstakingly trying to develop between the administration, 
and the stude nts and faculty. 

Finally, this whole issue, shrouded in conspiratorial planning a-
gainst the Associated Students, again underscores the lack of stu-
dent awareness of the function s and benefits of AS fees (after all, 
how the hell could we come out without them????!!! !!). Obviously, 
the designers of this scheme do not feel that the purpose of the AS 
is important enough to themselves to warrant compulsory fees. 
Perhaps, up to now, the AS has seemed to be a fairly impotent or-
ganization which has depended on ad hoc decisions with little sense 
of direction. From their action, the framers of this petition appear 
to be wholly uninformed of the measures already taken and plans 
in preparation by the current month-old administration. 

In a sense the petltoners' action, which wUl probably come to 
nothing, symbolizes the silent sea between students and the student 
administration. While the former wants power and swift action, the 
latter must execute the majority's desires through traditional, bur-
eaucratic means. If the process of delegating authority and designating 
administrators deteriorates into anarchy in which no group can ef-
fectively execute its wishes, the entire set of goals of any responsible 
student organization will face banishment. In the AS's place we will 
again find the ghost of "official administration" decree, unwilling to 
listen to student pleas, That alternative is contrary to every student's 
wUl----€vento to that of freshman petitioners. 

Student Power: Recognition of Integrity 
In France, Germany, Colunbia and Berkeley, 

as well as numerous colleges across the coun-
try, the slogan "student Power;· is chanted while 
thousands stage massive protests against gov-
ernments, military agencies and university ad-
ministrations. 

In the background the middle-aged liberal moans, 
What does it mean? What do they want? How far 
well they go? Shocked reactionaries reply that the 
activists are seeking to take over the entire coun-
try at everyone's expense. Many depict the act-
ivity as some kind of children's crusade led by 
a new generation of fascisti. They are appalled 
at the repeated acts of civil disobedience com-
mitted in the name of individual conscience which 
cause insult to respected citizens, damage to pro-
perty, injury to uninvolved bystanders, and dis-
ruption of educational and public institutions. 

This campus is consistently credited with start-
ing all the turmoil. Over four years ago during 
the Free Speech Movement, widespread discon-
tent with both educational programs and the gen-
eral social and political order erupted into force-
ful demonstrations combined with well-articulated 
demands for reforms. Besides influencing other cam-
puses, FSM succeeded in awakening rhe commun-
ity to the need of evaluating the University and 

friton filncs 
Editor-in-Chief 

Renney Senn 

implementing appropriate change. Some changes have 
been made, many merely out of desire to avoid 
future disturbances. 

Yet lew men have changed. Almost all the in-
teraction between those who seek change and those 
who defend the status quo still takes place in an 
atmosphere of dramatic confrontation. The oppon-
ents exchange blows and both eventually stagger 
back scarcely aware of what each has done to the 
other. 

For example, at the conclusion of last fall' s 
mill-ins, Chancellor Heyns told the faculty, "There 
was ... an unprecedented degeneration of behavior on 
this campus." On the other hand, when encount-
ering their critics during the mill-ins, demonstra-
tors simply stated, "You should be ashamed of 
yourself.· Very little educationalqy orientzd act-
ivity went on during the whole scene. 

The opportunity today for bring around reforms 
from within the University remains viable but not 
many appear interested in following them up. In 
academic reform, students have been able to ini-
tiate significant changes through the efforts of the 
ASUC's student Education and Faculty Relations 
Board and faculty have made parallel moves through 
the academic senate. 

Several students have been appointed to admin-

istrative committees in order to enhance student 
participation in the governance of the Universtiy, 
but their role remains unclear and insignUicant. 
Few students are even aware of the existence of 
the committees. in addition, rules and disciplinary 
procedures have yet to undergo serious revamping. 
The Rules Committee lies totally defunct and the 
recommendations of the Study Commission on Uni-
versity Governance have been all but totally ig-
nored. 

Students do not want to seize complete control 
of the University, but they do insist that It ful-
fill its educational function and recognize in prac-
tice the individual comptetence and integrtiy of 
each student. We expect that conscience will be 
respected but do not necessarlly expect that acts 

done on behalf of conscience will go unchecked. 
In recognizing the value of mutual restraint, 

we agree with Professor Tussman when he stated, 
"Every generation, lett to its own devices, is doomed 
to recapitualate in a short time the entire his-
tory of human disaster." 

But when lessons of the past appear no longer 
valid and steer a course toward disaster, those 
lessons must yield to new values and new direct-
ions. 

Senior Editorial Boord of Berkeley's Daily Californian 

.~~w<; Ed tor 
Steve L:.ndau 

Graphic Arts Editor 
Bnh Chen 

Graphic Arts 
Jim Dyl<e 

Letters to the Editor may be sent to the Tri-
ton Time8~ Student Affairs Office,Building 250~ 
Matthews Campus. Letters should be of reasonable 
length (JOO LJords) and must be signed. Any 
letters lacking a bona fide signature LJi H not 
be eligible for publicati~. 

Triton Times needs 
amiJititJus students 
to solicit ads for 
next y l~ar' s publi-
cations. j~ll you 
need is imagination 
and drive. All ad 
salesmen earn 20 k, 
commission on all 
local advertiSing 
sales! Apply now 
before the end of the 
quarter at the 
newsp:\per office in 
Bldg.250, .vlC" or 
callI 3-2000, ext. 
1077, HilS for fur-
tner information. 

\rj " ~rtis nl 
Gt>orrn y Moyle 

':o~y Ed. tor 
Ca!hy Topping 

'hotography 
Steve Leonard 

ports Ed~tor 
Oa ,~ Stearns 

lusiness M",Jlager 
Joe Pur.?tz 

, t': •• , J 

NeNs Staff 
Roger Sho'.vley 
(asst. editor) 
Tom Baker 
Jeff Brittain 
Randy Ericson 
George McCollister 
Jo!ln McEligott 
Greg Redding 
Jim Rottman 
Dan Waltz 

Sports Staff 
Fred Grunew"ld 
Marc Rothman 
Val Quoldoach 

,. 

Copy Crew 
John McCarthy 
(co-editor) 
Martha Crow 
Dave Helland 
Mike Kelley 
Ray Seavers 
Chris Sheldon 

Soc iety Start 
Joel Goodman 
Dave Sacherman 
Paul Hamburg 

Photography Sta!! 
Don Bright 
Tim McSweeney 

Guest Editorials should not exceed 500words~ 
and must be signed. AU editoPiaLs subrritted 
wiLl be pubUshed according to space and qua'lity. 
Material submitted to this pub'lication becomes 
property of the Triton Times. 

Classified Ads may be telephoned to the'l'li-
ton Times News Offi ce or mailed to the Triton 
Times, Building 25~, MattheLJs campus, UCSD. 
Rates for Classified Advertising are 25¢ per 
'line (6 wOl"ds pel" line) and must be paid pPiOl" 
to publication 01' the ad will, not be incLuded 
in that issue. 

• 
.' " t 

• :. t, 4:--- - i 

Moce of the Triton Times staff preparas to l~ave or begin work 
ill the newspap9~'s second year. From lett to right, GeoU Moyle, 
outgoing ad clJamp; Tom Baker. incoming !eablr~ editor; Cathy 
Toppllg, eX-oNizard or the co!>! crew; an;! Chris Sheldon, Cathy's 
determinej successor. 

--------------------------------

Thursday Was A Bore. 

Paris' Latin Quarter Is 
Transformed By Riots 

by Kathy Benson 
The Latin Quarter in Paris has beaten by police men. Foreigners, dent protest against the educa-

always possessed a unique at- especially Americans encounter tiona 1 system has spread to a 
mosphere - it's the most liberal, particular hostility - the riots condemnation of the society and 
casual, open area in the city. are directed againstimperialism government behind it. French 
students lounge in cafes or stroll and capitalism. The pervading students vowed to continue dem-
through the streets, discussing spirit among the students is to onstrating against imperialis m, 
politics, love, philosophy, or mete out equal brutality to the capitalism, and social repres-
Simply enjoying the "ambiance." hated flics. This resu lts in via- sion of the "ouvrler" until there 
But for the last fortnight, this lence unparalleled in Paris since is a change. Removal ofdeGaulle 
famous lett bank ambiance has the war. is one of the changes most often 
become charged with a new ele- These demonstrations tirst be- suggested. The government made 
ment - the atmosphere is tense, came nationally successful the a grave mistake in responding 
students now group in strained fir st of May. Daniel Cohn- Ben- to student demands with force. 
and potentially explosive, pur- det, also know as "Daniel Ie Immediately after the first dem-
posetul bands - they await the Rouge." leader of the left wing onstrations, the authorities sent 
night and the conflict promised movement, organized an all day armed guards into the Lat:.n 
them by the grim vissages ofthe demonstration at Nanterre. The Quarter. The students considered 
heavily armed pollee who com- right wing students counter pro- this response to their "an-
pletely lined the streets near th~ tested: Lectures and classes goisses" imperialist repression 
Sorbonne during the first two were completely disrupted. The -QIld reacted violently. 
weeks of the riots, and who now Dean panicked, closed the cam- There have been riots almost 

appeared, back to their rooms patrol in armored buses. pus, and called Daniel before a every night since May 2. The most 
to contemplate their own reson- The students hate the "Flics" disciplinary committee. Students violent took place on the night of 

by 
Alaoglu X 

Thursday was a total bore. ance, whatever it could be. and the police respond with brutal everywhere immediately united May' 2. Fifteen thousand students 
I had spent most of the day lis- I realized that mine was not treatment. Passersby, innocent in protest. gathered at the Denfert Rocher-
tening to the drip of my leaky an individual event. I have a bystanders, tourists - all are The grievances behind the stu- eau. We marched through the La-
radiator. The steel pot beneath sultemate who went to see the menaced by this tension. One dents' demonstrations are legiti- tin Quarter, which was complete-
it created an odd resonance, and sailors tatooed. Some of my ac- French girl watching the action mate. The French university sys- Iy blockaded around the Sorbonne, 
I spent the entire afternoon try- auaintances regularity visit the from a safe distance was injured tern is antiquated, it is difficult Place de la Pantheon, Bouf-Mlch 
ing to capture its totality with- boredom that is Tijuana. It seems severely, almost blinded by a to succeed in college as a work- area by lines of armed guards. 
in my mind. to be a characteristic or the nor- tear gas bomb hurled in her face ing student - only five percent of udents began preparing for ac-

A friend disturbed mycontem- mal Revellian to be bored, and by a flic. Many students have had French college students are tion by digging up pavement (a 
plation with a reminder that the not to care. We do nothing, we the misfortune to descend from "ouvriers." Classes are over- compressor was commandeered) 
great Tom Lehrer, a Harvard feel nothing, and we do not r eally the Metro or leave a store only crowded, exams are difficult, and constructed barricades at the 
mathematician and satirist, care. to find themselves seized and and cheating abounds. This stu- ends of the chosen streets out of 

would be on campus at four. Quite possibly, boredom is the parked cars. [ lett at this point, 
We walked to the Revelle plaza. basis of lUe as we llve it. Quite and at midnight the cops attacked. 

known for its total lack of aes- possibly it is ,the basis of our Most of the students fled the 
the tic appeal, and waited with identity. Feynman Slated To Speak grenades and tear gas bombs . 
what was probably the largest But a hard-core monority hung on 
crowd of people assembled in the L World Book Lore in a Que Lussu, next to th(' 
history of this college. After sit- Richard P. Feynman, Richard the Atomic Energy CommisSion Sorbonne. Barricaded by flaming 
ting and standing for several Chace Tolman Professor of the- E.D. Lawrence Award. cars, and choked by the tear gas 
minutes producing the usual chat- oretical physics at California He is a member of the Ameri- bombs and smoke, they fought the 
ter , I was accosted by my Hu- Institute of Technology, is sched- can Physical So itA A A S cops with molotov cocktails and 

iti TA c e y, .. •• , man es ,who reminded me uled as the main speaker at the the National Acadp.my of Science flaming pavement. More than 600 
me of my many unfinished pa- UCSD commencement ceremony. and a foreign member of the people were injured, ambulances 
pers. Then, the wldelypubUcized The commencement program, Royal Academy of Science. were in constant use, a tempor-
event began. The man explained slated for F riday, June 14, at Before his association with ary hospital was set up nearxy. 
that the singer would not be there. 10:30 a.m. at Urey Plaza, will Caltech, Dr. Feynman was a The fighting lasted until five 
Nothing was going to replace him. be the second for UCSD, and it research assistant at Princeton o'clock. The street was com-
The crowd talked and milled a- will be the first commencement and a professor ot theoretical pletely destroyed by dawn, and 
round some more, and finally to include the students of the physics at Cornell University. the burnt out corpses of the cars 
dissolved. initial undergraduate class which littered the streets. 

I immediatelyreaUzedthatRe- begain in 1964. Included in Dr. Feynman'spub- But .action is tar from over. 
velle College had finally staged Dr. Fe yn man, who received lished works are "Theory of The Latin Quarter seems to boil 
the ultimate Revelle College his B.S. from Massachusetts In- Fundamental Processes"; "The with student emotion - anything t th ti t It 11 S ientists have dev loped bantam ' 
even, e an -even. was we watermelons that weigh only five sUtute of Technology in 1939 and Feynman Lectures on Physics, could set it off. The streets are 
publicized and well attended, and to 10 pounds, and giant water- his Ph.D. from Princeton in 1942, Volume I, Volume II and Volume packed with people discusslflg 
a total nonentity. Nothing hap- melons that weigh more than 100 won the Nobel Prize in Physics m"; "Quantum Mechanics and the social-educational changes 
pened and the massive crowd did pounds, in 1965. He has also received Path Integrals"; and "The Char- . r: 
not seem to care. Everyone dls- SOU RCE : W"'U.I) BOOK ENeYCLOrEI'" the Alhert Einstein Award and acter of Physical Law". Cont nw'? -f 01" ;JIZ('P. • 

************************************************************************************ 
* * ! FEIFFER ! 
* * 
* * 
* * 
: NO MArn3R HOW MAk)Y TROOPS W~ CAk) NOT WUJ 1lflS ()JA.R UIJTll.. ! ! W6 PUT r~ W6R~ ~ HAneR we Wt~ THt H£ART5 NJlJ I--fOJ[IS a- ! 
* HOW MAkJY 8OHoS we CfOP- -rut sourH VtBTAJAH{;5e ~OPte- * 
* \ \ * 
* * 
* * * * 
* * 
* * * * 
* * 
* * 
* * 
* \ * * * 
* * 
* * 
* * 
:: ~/"-oq MlkJ17S t/fSTRQYE{7 WHrCH PUTS UUtJeR OOf<.CaJTROL SlkIT 1$ : 
: f7,tXXJ WOUIJDC'D. ':' uA~UARY O}J8 A OJ.,(BllJfO TOTAl.. ex ARe feD(~fJ'~ TO see ** 
** '- 6?-807 HeARTS '- liGHT A THf £/ JD OF TIle- ** 
* A~1I /vtllJDS. '- TUIJ~eL . \. * 
! ~- ~ i 
* * 
* * 
* * i ~. ~~ '0.- -~'* '" ~~~21 \ ~ I 
..*********************************************************************************; 



,lune 3. 1968 q[in. ~ 
~ ~----------.-------

I"ane ., 

Rogf!rs Predicts 
Future Relations Cultural Traditions Initiated 

Carl Rogers, founder of the 
Western Behavior Sciences 10- . 
stitute, spoke on "Interpersonal 
Relationships In the year 2000. 

Rogers believes some of the 
major problems in our society 
are dehumanization caused by 
technology, the difficu lty in 
bringing about changes in our 
bureaucracies and overcrowding. 
These cause conflicts between 
people and aloneness. 

One solution, he believes, is 
the continuation of the spread of 
encounter and sensitivity groups 
now taking place. These will help 
people to live together better, to 
grow and to become more aware. 
These groups can create inti-
macy, resolve conflict s, de-
crease aloneness and enrich 
men's lives. He believes security 
comes not from being alone, but 
from knowing others and having 
others know you. . 

As we approach the year 2000, 
our view of the relation between 
man and woman will change. The 
present trend toward freedom in 
sex will continue. Sexualintimacy 
will be part of going steady and 
wm be seen as joyful and re-
warding. Possessiveness of the 
partner will diminish. To make 
sex easier, he suggested we make 
all people infertile unt1I the y 
want children. 

In the future, he felt, there will 
be permanence in a marriage only 
to the degree it satisfies. Mar-
riage will become better. Family 
encounter groups will solve prob-
lems in the family. 

He said a new view of man is 
being formed; one of "Jove and 
profound respect." Man is afraid 
of change and will resist it at 
first, but will grasp for more 
after experiencing it. 

He said educators are showing 
the most resistance to change. 
Learning should be a personal ex-
perience. Industry is best equip-
ed for change and could playa 
major role in helping the family. 
Industry, he felt, should become 
more personal and less hier-
archical. 

Rogers mentioned today's two 
most popular problems: the ghet-
tos and Viet Nam. Encounter 
groups could bring out the frus-
tration and prejudice associated 
with the ghettos which should be 
expressed and understood. He 
said the war in Viet Nam is bad 
because it brutalizes minds. 

CSF 
Meeting 
Continued fro~ naoe 1 

pard said, the . main headquar-
ters would be at UC Santa Bar-
bara Student Union, because 
UCSB' s AS President, Paul 
Sweet, said a whole noor was 
vacant and not yet allocated to 
any group or organization. 

Shepard, who lives in Orinda, 
(Near Berkeley) will work wlth 
CFS-initiator Manuel Cabello, 
a senior at Berkeley, formerly 
from Columbia, during the sum-
mer in finalizing the Federa-
tion's form. This will be the 
first time that UCSD will have 
participated significantly in UC-
wide or State-wide operations. 

Eventually, Shepard has pro-
mised, a UCSD student will be 
appointed permanent representa-
tive to such campus affairs. 

Muir's Ken Patric Looks 
Forward To Effective 
College Government 

OnP of the innovations at Muir 
College next fall wUl be the cul-
tural traditions program, includ-
ing at this time courses in the 
HispaniC, Greco-Roman, Mayan 
or Indian cultures. Each sequence 
is three quarters and ofCers stu-
dents an indepth sutdy of the 
history, literature, philosophy, 
and art of one particular cul-
turp. The Hispanic will be taught 
by Dr. Jackson and Dr. Cespedes, 
the Greco-Roman by Dr. Delaix 
and Dr. Dolin, and the Indian 
by Dr. Leonard. 

Dr. Dolin, who is from the lit-
erature department, and Dr. De-
laix, a history proCessor, tenta-
tively plan to divide the lecture 
time each week, perhaps includ-
ing a panel discussion. Their 
tangible and personal contribu-
tions to the class w11lencompass 
more than lecturing. Slides used 
in discussion of Greek and Ro-
man art and archaeology are 
part of Dr. Delaix's own col-
lection, and Dr. Dolin's unpub-
lished trans lations of certain 
works will be part of the read-
ing list. 

quence and Revelle' s humanities 
program, Dr. Dolin said that 
besides a closer and deeper study 
of the periods, the professors 
ill the cultural traditions se-
quence are experts in the fields 
they are teaching and are also 
in full control of the material 
used. 

According to Dr. Delaix, the 
cultures of Greece and Rome 
will be analyzed and discussed 
in a historical framework and 
their importance as the essence 
of Western civilization will be 
pointed out. All the cultures stud-
ied in depth can be used as a 
point of comparison of our own. 

Dr. Dolin feels that the key 
word in this sequence is inter-
disciplinary. It will be an effort 
to see if people in different dis-
ciplines can create a novel learn-
ing experience. It will not he a 
straight art, literature. or his-
tory class, but wm try to com-
bine all aspects of culture in 
an illuminating way. Dr. Dolin 
expressed the hope that students 
themselves will do something 
new---with probing questions 
concerning the material. 

When asked what specificdif- A briet outline was given by 
ferences existed between this se:.:.- __ D=.r:.:. Delalx. The class will be-

Future UCSD Highway 
Plans Disclosed 

be closed to automobile traffic. 
Driving trom Matthews to Re -
velle should be easier and fast-
er than now as there will be 
no Ught or construction to im-
pede traffic. Revelle to Matthews 
will be circuitous but only un-
til the new north bound section 
on Gilman is complete. The En-
gineers are well aware of the 
possible traffic problems and 
have adjusted the ir construction 
plans to insure minimal diffi-
culties. 

Inclia's Caste 

gin with early Greece,dlscussing 
the Homeric epic and the Ny-
cenaean world. Second quarter 
will be the post-classical and 
early Roman periods and during 
third quarter the Augustine age 
and the literature of Rome and the 
High Empire will be studied. 

Dr. Cespedes, who will be 
teaching the Hispanic culture with 
Dr. Jackson, feels that the pri-
mary purpose of the sequences 
would be understanding. We in-
herit certain approaches to life 
and come to think that they are 
the only natural ones. An in-
depth study of another culture will 
make clear to the students that 
other patterns of behavior are 
possible and have been accom-
plished. 

He described his class as a 
history of civilization. The first 
quarter will discuss the cradle 
of Civilization, Spaih, and the 
second and third quarters will 
be concerned with its transplant-
ing to the rest of the world, 
in particular, Latin America. 
It is not a history class, but 
an interpretation of historical 
fact. 

Spain was in some ways a fron-
tier of Europe, but it was also 
a bridge between different cul-
tures. Spain felt the influence ot 
the Muslims in Attica, the Jews 
and the European-Christian trad-
ition. The Spanish temper and 
personality will be discussed as a 
crystalization of the se influen-
ces. The art of this culture will 
be seen as a manifestation of 
an attitude of life, which con-
tains some mainly European el-
ements and others which are uni-
que and original. In the literary 
works, the class will measure 
fantasy and creation as a re-
nection of an environment 
to make these works culturally 
expressive. 

Unfortunately, the other pro-
fessors are not on campus at 
this time, and so we have no 
preview ot the Indian and May-
an sequences. 

System 
students at John Muir College 

are coming up with some new 
ideas about student government 
in the true creative spirit of 
the second college. According to 
Ken Patric, Chairman oflhe Pro-
visional Government, Muir stu-
dents are looking forward to the 
cooperation of the entire college 
community - students, facuIty, 

a Muir College government has 
ye t to be determined, it will 
be a system that not necessari-
ly encourages change but cert-
ainly is fleXible enough to per-
mit change when it is desired. 

For as long as most of us 
have been and will be students 
here, construction projects, 
temporary faCilities, and detours 
are going to be elements of cam-
pus life. Robert L. Johnson of 
the Office oC Architects and En-
gineers has indicated that the Gil-
man Drive road project is soon 
to be completed so that when Fall 
Quarter opens, we will be routed 
around and through the campus 
in a somewhat different mall";' !'. 
~ommut.;!rs coming Crom the 
south and going to Revelle will 
lake either Gilman or New Mir-
amar Road to reach the ~outh 
parking lots. Because the "hort 
run where the blacktopping is 
being completed and that area 
under the pedestrian bridge will 
be closed in the north bound 
lanes, those coming from San 
Diego will need to get on Old 
Miramar Road to reach Matthews 
Campus . students from Del Mar 
and other northern communities 
need only consider for their im-
mediate Cuture that the road in 
front of the pool and gym will 

Describes Racist Society 

and administrators. 
To achieve maximum effec-

tiveness, college government 
needs to represent all three ra-
ther than anyone in particular, 

How does Patric think Muir 
will tie... in with the A.S. Sen-
ate which will represent eleven 
other colleges? He sees cooper-
ation between colleges whose go-
vernments may be entirely dif-
fe rent and sees financial tie s as 
well. 

he said. The idea is to avoid 500,000th Volume I . . 
the mockery of the much dis-
cussed "sandbox government" 
which only demonstrates how 
powerless students alone can be. 

Muir's planning committee is 
not trying to place the prover-
bial cart before the horse by 
rushing hea ilong into a rigid 

constitution~ 1 s ystem which 
would stifle ' he constructive dis-
cussion of philosophy of student 
government. Before formal wri-
ting takes )Iace, Patric says, 
Muir studen ·s want to know what 
specific objf dives the Constitu-
tion should 'u Ifill .. 

Muir Pro\ is ional Government 
began not oDg atter the Fall 
Quarter to discuss the dorm 
visitation PI,licy and this pro-
vided a natural basis for an 
organization which could speak 
for Muir students as a whole. 
Through two Quarters of rigor-
ous talks on visitation, the idea 
of a broader group was pushed 
into the backgrounll.Discussion 
will have to continue into next 
year but Pat ric is concerned 
that some action be taken shor-
tly thereafter. 

Though the ultimate form of 

Library I nvi t es St udents ,F acuity, 
To Today's Landmark Occasion 

UCSD students , faculty, and 
staff are invited to attend the 
Presentation Ceremony of the 
half- millionth volume to the 
UCSD Library, Monday, June 3, 
19CB, :l.t4:00n.m •• Reading Room, 
Central Library, Humanities and 
Library Building. 

The UCSD Library with 500,000 
volumes available for use this 
month is proud to announce it has 
reached an important step toward 
the goal of the multi-million 
volume library needed for schol-
arly research. Growing out of 
the Scripps Llbrary which had 
35,000 volumes In 1960, the total 
llbrary s ystem hasadded465,000 
volumes in less than 8 years, in-
cluding nearly 100,000 this past 
year. 

The volume which has been 
chosen by The Friends of the 

UCSD Library as their gift to 
celebrate the halt-millionth vol-
ume is a tirst edition of "The 
Vision of Pierce Plowman" (usu-
ally known as Piers Plowman), 
printed in London by Roberte 
Crowley in 1550. It is listed by 
the Grolier Club of Ne w York 
as one of the 100 most important 
books in English literature. The 
volume w111 be presented to Chan-
cellor John S. Galbraith and Li-
brarian Melvin J. Voigt by E1110tt 
L. Cushman, President of the 
Friends, and Dr. Francis M. 
Smith, Chairman of the Friends' 
Acquisitions Committee. others 
who will speak wUl include Pro-
fes sor Samuel H. Baron, Chair-
man of the Academic Senate Li-
brary Committee, and Pr ofessor 
Robert C. Elliott, Chairman of 
the UCSD Literature Department. 

Mr. Carrol Wayman, Executive 
Director of the Citizerfs inter-
racial Committee, spoke this 
week about white racism and 
its existence in San Diego. Sp-
onsored by the UCSD Circle K, 
Wayman also offered ways to 
remedy the conditions that ex-
ist. 

He began by describing a ra-
scist SOCiety in terms of the 
Indian caste system. There is 
a majority, the whites, who are 
the touchables of society. Sep-
arated from this majority by a 
void in society is the minority, 
the untouchables. 

From this social s tructure, 
Wayman derived the following 
rules which constitute the con-
cept of racism: 1) Anythingwhich 
tends toward the toucbables, the 
whites Is good, and anything that 
tends toward black values is bad. 

The minority member is bad 
before he is born. According to 
Wayman's definttlon, then, the 
white is good and the black is 
bad. 

2) Group membership deter-
mines good or bad. Regardless 
of one's worth as an individual, 
he is judged by his member-
ship in the untouchable or touch-
able caste. 

3) Those who cross the void 
are ostracized by their group. 
If a black is liked and accep-
ted by whites and if he is re-
jected by most biacks, h e is 
ostracized by his group as an 
"Uncle Tom." He may have black 
values, but if he tends toward 

white values, he is ostracized 
by the blacks. 

Likewise , if a white crosses 
the void in some manner, i.e. 
mixed marriage or dating, he 
is subject to social criticism 
by other whites . He is said to 
be "stooping down" or "going 
to the dogs." 

4) These attitudes have been 
institutionalizes and formalized. 
The legal system, the church, 
and education do not question 
the rascist values of society 
but preserve them as institu-
tions. 

Mr. Wayman, in view oC these 
rules presented some statistics 
about San Diego. In this city, 
which he called "the Mississ-
ippi of the West," there are 
122 cens us tracts. In only 13 
of them there resides 90% of 
the black population ot San Di-
ego and 60% of the minority 
group population (including Mex-
ican-Americans). 

They are not forced to live 
there because of poverty. About 
45% make over $8,000 and could 
afford to live elsewhere, but 
they cannot because of the ra-
scist attitude of the white maj-
ority. S an Diego is the most 
segregated city of over 500,000 
population in California and ranks 
fourth in the nation. 

Employment renects the same 
conditions. There are only five 
restaurants which hire black as 
well as white waiters and waL-
tresses. The sherllf's depart-

Conti nued on page ~ 

,'une 3 . 1968 

IA.s. Senate Noles 1 UCSD Professor Marcuse 
Analyzes French Rebellion 

byOanWaltz 
It is my hope that this weekly column will be useful to each stu-

dent by providing a constant and dependable source of information 
about what YOUR government is doing in YOUR name. Yet just reading 
this is going to require very little effort from you. It is only the 
passive part of your participation. U the Senate does something 
of which you violently dJsapprove--let them know and equally, if 
Senators do something about wbkch you are wildly enthusiastic, 
let them know that, too. Each Senator would be glad to know that 
you are out there and aware. And don't forget Presil1ent Shepard's 
Open House. 

Vice-President Trish Cunningham chaired the Wednesday morning 
meeting which all the recently elected officers attended. The meeting 
saw the allocation of several immediately required func's and the post-
ponement of a decision on some major items. 

The Senate approved Shepard's nomination for two important stu-
dent positions for the school year '68-69. Jim Magill will be Publi-
city Director for the AS and Gary Curtis will continue the hard work 
he began as Upper Division Senator in the capacity of Student Ac-
tivities Commissioner. The President indicated he will possibly place 
names in nomLnation tor the Judicial Board next week. 

Senator Baer said that arrangements have yet to be made with 
the Black Students Council for discussions in preparation for of-
fering a nominee to the Senate for the ex-officio position of racial 
minorlties accepted by the Senate last week. He also stated that 
there may be difficulty in showing the Agnes Varda film because 
a 35mm projector is not available. 

steve Montgomery made the presentation of the new Communica~ 
tions Board constitution designed to eUminate partisansblp by making 
individual publications non-voting members. A proposed change in 
the Bylaws provides for nexibUtty through yearly review. Senator 
Pe ifer requested that the Senate be permitted to study the docu-
ment before being asked to vote. The others agreed and Montgomery 
advised them to table a vote on the Comm. Board Budget as well. 

The Soaring Club was granted a one-year loan of $1000 for glfder 
equipment. The club has some 65 aative members and shares 50-50 
in the receipts from the annual Southern Cal GUder Meet. 

A representative from the UCSD cheerleading squad made a re-
quest for away games expenses, publicity and updated uniforms 
that would be more exemplary ot the creative spirit of UCSD. Dis-
cussion followed and Senator Ricks supported the motion by saying 
that the cheerleader is a traditional part of inter-collegiate ath-
letics and when few, if any, students are able to attend away games, 
t! is only falr to the athletes to have someone there who is behind 
them. The cheerleaders were granted $265 and wUl begin immedia-
tely to choose new uniforms. 

According to Chris Hollingshead, ex-AS FinanciaL Coordinator, 
the Senior Class gift to UCSD wUl require additional construction 
materials. Having investigated other sources at the Senate's re-
quest, the seniors were forced to return to the Senate and received 
$l50 to cover these unanticipated expenses. 

Before the Senate adjourned, a petition was presented that queS* 
tioned the involuntary payment of Associated Students Fees. Legal 
counsel wUl be sought on the constitutionality of the petition. 

Next week, the Senate will finish its business for the year by 
laking action on the important Communications Budget and then 
recess for the summer. 

Last Thursday night, May 23, 
Dr. Marcuse of the UCSD philo-
sophy department reported to a 
large audience in USB 2722 his 
conclusions of the rebellion in 
France, which he was able to 
observe in his recent trip to 
Paris. Dr. Marcuse was in Paris 
from May 6 to May 12, which 
was during the second stage of 
the student rebellion. 

Dr. Marcuse explained that the 
rebellion started, innocently e-
nough, as a student demonstration 
at the Sorbonne in Paris. The 
students were protesting against 

Paris Riots 
cont':nueri "'Y'or" )'lane ? 

that must lake place in F~ance. 
The armed guards are less ob-
trusive, but the students sUIl 
consider their government re-' 
pressive. The Sorbonne court-
yard is decorated with large 
communist nags, postersoCMao, 
IAlnin, Trotsky, and Marxdecor-
ate the walls. 

Slogans, signs calling upon the 
"ouvriers" to unite for his rlvbts 
are scrawled everywhere, even 
on the amphitheatre Richelieu. 
France is undergoing a social 

revolution, one thatts badly need-
ed - too many young people in 
France are forced to sacrifice 
their education to earning their 
living - it is not as easy there 
to work part time, to take out a 
loan and go to college as it is in 
America. It is definitely a left 
wing protest; the goals of the 
students are constructive, rather 
than nihilistic, and they have 
the support of the majority olthe 
Parisiens. lCthe government does 
not accede to these demands, 
popular opinion is that De Gaulle 
may find himself permanently 
esconced in his summer home. 

UCSD Music Professor Erickson 
To Present Original Composition 

Composer Robert Erickson, 
professor of music at UCSD, will 
present a new composition in 
the Recital Hall on the Matthews 
Campus at 8:30 pm on Wednes-
day, June 5. 

The musical work, as yet un-
titled, is an opera for ' a solo-
ist and an instrumentalensemble 
of seven musicians, with a li-
bretto by the composer. 

According to Erickson, the 
composition 01 the new theater 
work has involved composition 
ot instruments to achieve the 
composer's complete musical 
idea. Erickson has fashioned xy-
lophones with marble bars, sim-
ilar to Chinese marble chimes 
and Japanese acoustical stones. 

He has also manufactured tuned 
drums which, unlike conventional 
drums, have metal heads and 
resonating tubes which are tuned. 
stroked rods, aluminum circles 
and hand bells are all part of 
the compose r's new score. 

Erickson, who calls himself 
a "nut on bells," has been in-
fluenced in his writing by the 
peculiar nonharmonlc-overtones 
produced by materials such as 
bells, places and rods. Work-
ing with musical timbre, he 
claims electronic music bas 
taught him that music is much 
more than jus t pitch. 

In addiUon to his experiments 
in timbre, the composer also 
realized the need for instruments 
for use by students in Impro-
visation exercises and taped 

sound sources, all of which he 
incorporates into his Cine arts 
course. The marble xylophones , 
tuned drums, and stroked rods 
will be used by the students, 
because they are relatively easy 
to play and offer a suitable dy-
namic range for student work. 

PartiCipating in the Wednes-
day program will be Soprano 
Beverly Ogdon. Miss Ogdon, a 
performer of new musiC, was 
recently a soloist in "Quintina" 
by Ernst Krenek and in "A Sol-
emn Music II" by Niccolo Cas-
tiglioni. 

Alan Johnson, graduate fellow 
in music at UCSD, will conduct 
the opera's intrumental en-
semble, composed of JefCrey 

Raskin, Allan Goldman, Jon Dut-
ton, James Campbell, Elinor Mo-
nahan and Leste r Weil, all UCSD 
students. 

The firsy half of the June 5 
concert will feature a program 
of new music for trombone by 
stuart Dempster, trombonist. 
Dempster has played in concert 
extensively in California, has 
premiered a number of works 
for trombone and has toured the 
United states, Canada and Europe 

as lecturer and recitalist. Since 
1967 he has been at the Univer-
sity of Buffalo as a creative 
associate under Lukas Foss. 

The concert is open to the 
public and admission is free. 

he orrer lncs 
ehristian Bhurch 

Most C,!rdially Invite You to Its Sunday Service 
Church School 9:45a.m. 

Morning Worship 9 :30 & 11 :00 a .m. 
Dr. Ewart Wyle, Minister 

SPE lAL: Univ rs i ty Stud nts \Bibl lass 
in F llowship Hall ach Sunday at 9: 30 a. m. 
lead r : Dr . Galen M 11. You ar invited. 

I Mile South of UCSD 
-

320 La Jolla Scenic Drive 

the overcrowded conditions and 
archaic teaching methods of the 
French universities. The demon-
stration was peaceful, but the 
Paris police entered the campus 
and forcibly removed the pro-
testing students. As this was the 
first time the police had ever 
entered and closed the Sorbonne 
to students, thousands of stu-
dents soon started rioting in the 
adjoining Latin Quarter. 

The second stage of the rebel-
lion began when the students 
started barricading the Latin 
Quarter as a defense against the 
awesome number of police sent 
to terminate the riot. The bar-
ricades were made of auto-
mobiles , torn-up pavement, and 
practically anything the students 
could find . The new contingent of 
riot trained pOlice that had just 
arri ved used incendiary grenades 
to burn the barricades, and then 
tried to rout the students in an 
all out assault that ended in a 
fierce five hour battle. However, 
the students were driven from 
their defenses and beaten. 

Then, the police withdrew and 
the students had temporary con-
trol of the Sorbonne. Taking the 
ofCensive, student leader Cohn-
Bendit sent students directly to 
factories to call a general strike 
among all workers. With astound-
ing rapidity, many factories all 
over France were seized and held 
by their worker s . Now, it ap-
pears that the workers may break 
away from the movement and go 
back to work because of gove rn-
ment concessions to labor de-
mands. 

The people of Paris sympa-
thized completely with the stu-
dents . Dr. Marcuse declared that 
this was a resurgence of the re-
bellious tradition of Europe that 
had been dormant since the 
1920's. 

Accordingly, Marcuse feels 
that this rebellion is of particular 
sign ificance. He s tated t hat it 
was "decidedly a socialist move-
ment" where the intellectuals 

showed the workers what could be 
done. He also said that students 
rejected the corrosive agents of 
socialism that could turn it into 
"staHnistic oppression. II Con-
sequently, when the students de-
manded free speech. they claimed 
that free speech should nClt hi! al-
lowed to students who supported 
the Viet Nam War. 

Besides being a movement a-
gainst specific evils in the 
society, Marcuse ciaimed that 
the students re Jected the entire 
system of values that now exist . 
Therefore, the rebellion became 
both a political and cultural revo-
lution. The fact that th students 
simply bypassed all existing or-
ganizations and proceeded with 
their own rebellion accounted for 
the students' perturbation with 
the existing society. Dr. Marcuse 
stressed that the uniqueness ex-
hibited in this rebellion was due 
to its spontaneity. The quick 
coalition between students and 
workers is a direct indication of 
the frustation felt by the people 
for the abusive tr eatment of the 
society. 

The claim that the rebellion 
had its origins in the Com munist 
par ty was refuted by Marcuse. 
He asserted that the rebellion 
was directed against the existing 
establishment of which the Com-
munist party is a part. In fact, 
the Communists were opposed 
to the student protests at first, 
but only when the movement be-
came too large to fight did the 
Communists finally endorse it. 

Dr . Marcuse feIt that a rebel-
lion such as this was mor e apt 
to occur in France rather than in 
the U.S. because France is not 
quite the affluent SOCiety the U.S. 
is today, and therefore the politi-
cal tradition of the working class 
is more alive. On a more meta-
physical level, Marcuse added 
that the prospect of radical move-
ment in France is suworted by 
the fact that France has had four 
revolutions in the past hundred 
years. 

M,ats Gr.cerles 
'Pr,"_ce 

BfFR & WINE 
Opea Dally 8 - 7 
Sl!-IItI.y ••• ::Ie 

:111 ....... I ........ PI.lr. 

Med students prescribe PSA 

fly no th for only $17.78 :;,111 I 1.1I1\.i~\.V. 
Oakland m nn J\ ~c Icc.:lr:1 Jeh S 17. n. 727 Fun Jets 
$19.85 Sacramento $19 R~ .lnd $21.59. L.A . all Hi,;I-,ts 
$6.35. Phone your c .. mpu~ rep or call PSA . .10 Di<;go 
29R · 461 I . " r your travel agenl . y •• r tlIII pU S rep : 

j SA SUSAN HUGHES 
".,,, ' '''''H .." ., .",. "s 222.2572 



naop. 6 ,1 ne 3, 1 96~ 

Nepenthe, To 

Jazz St'udents 
Nepenthe was :; drug used by 

the ancIents. It was said to bring 
forgetfulne ss of sorrow, making 
it very similar to what many 
students remain inebriated on 
through most 0 f the ir colleg-
iate careers. 

Nepenthe is also the name 
of a new college magazine which 
hopefully will provide the same 
kind of euphoria for its users 
as the publication'S namesake. 

"If simply reading it doesn\ 
produce a hIgh," says editor 
Eric Cohen, "the magazine can 
be rolled and smoked." 

Cohen, a student at the UnI-
versity of Southern California 
Is attempting to producea mag-
azine with a national collegiate 
navor. He has enlisted the sup-
prt of inter-campus editors to 
help circulate "Nepenthe" on 
other campuses, and to solicit 
contributions from other schools. 

Tom Baker, feature editor of 
the Triton Times, will be UCSD's 

epenthe inter-campus editor. 
A limited number of Nepenthe's 

NUl be on sale here this week. 
Cohen descrIbes the magazineas 
"a $1 worth of pornography for 
only 5~. 

"Reactions at USC," said 
Cohen. "have ranged from shock 
among the student body, to sel-
sure and stroke among the 
board of trustees." 

Nepenthe includes Cohen'sown 
unique history of censorship and 
his solution to the probleI!l::=-
"The Standard Titillation Inde x," 
what Cohen calls a "systemati-
zed method nor determining the 
smut level of any work -- book 
movie, or magazine." 

"Nepenthe," said Cohen, 
"goes right off the scale. The 
S. T.L was even to hot for Ralph 
Ginzberg to handle." 

Ginzberg was not available for 
comment. 

"Dirty Words," another of the 
pieces in Nepenthe, "would make 
Terry Southern blUSh," Cohen 
added, "it's sort of 'Candy Goes 
to College." 

Cohen quoted the reactlons of 
satisfied Nepenthe readers: 
"Absolutely without redeeming 
social value." 
"Who sold this magazine to my 
wife?" 
"This is absolutely the last stunt 
you guys will ever pull on th 
camps 
campus." 
"Poor taste has been taken to 
its logical conclusion." 
"Very interesting--if you like 
prurient interest." 
"U's dirty but [ like it!" 

Cohen said "It will be a 
miracle of we keep our second-
class mailing permit, butat least 
some frustrated postal clerks 
will have a good time." 

"There is something in Ne-
penthe for ever yone and every 
sexual aberration." 

"What about panderlng?" Co-
hen was asked. 

"Sure," he said, " I have a 
healthy respe'~t for misrepre-
sentation, But if [ let the word 
get out that he magazine has 
some good sho:t fiction, in-depth 
journalis m, ar d even a book re-
view. sales ",ill be crippled." 

TURNTABLE 
RECORI)S & TAPES 
Stereo & Monophonic 

• Popular 
• Jan - Childrens 
• latin -American 
• Classical- Opera 
N •• dl., r. Acc.dori" 

1141 PROSPECT 
LA JOLLA 

------.-- --~-~ 

Hans Hortmann's " Idobtress 1," a 1944 oU-and-aeQUO!ousmedfa-on-
poster-board paInting !rom the University of Callfornia at Berkeley 
Art Museum is ;lOW on exhibit at the La Jolla Museum of Art . 

Study Spanish in Mexico 
Announcing an important new 

program for University of Calif-
ornia stUdents. The program was 
originally designed to give future 
teachers of Spanish the oppor-
tunity to perfect their knowledge 
of the Spanish language and to 
acquire a broad and deep under-
standing of Mexican culture; how-
ever, it is now being offered to 
students who will be juniors and 
seniors next fall. 

The total program at the Study 
Center in Mexico City will be 
unusually broad with the regular 
class schedule supplemented by 
a variety of lectures and field 
trips. Students completing the 
work will receive a Certificate 
of Participation, as well as cred-
its for the courses taking during 
the two quarters. 

proximately $1,300. In add1Uon, 
students will be eligible for regu-
lar UC scholarshiprt and Regents' 
Loan Funds. Full scholarships, 
from funds completely apart from 
the University of California and 
covering all expenses including 
fees, living costs, transportation, 
and books and supplies, may be 
available to qualified students. 

To enable participants in the 
program to gain the greatest 
possible insight into Mexican so-
ciety, as well as to promote 
friendship between Amerlcanand 
Mexican educators, all students 
will reside in private homes 
throughout Mexico City. Efforts 
have been made to find families 
interested in the program and who 
llve within easy commuting dis-
tance of the Museum. 

Students who are interested 
in and qualified for the program 
should request application forms 
at once from the Office of lnter-
national Education in Bldg. 250 
on Matthews Campus. 

UPoor COW" Ca"eel 
Dull and Dreary 

by 
Dave Sacherman 

·Poor Cow· is a considerable to imitate Frenc director Jean-
disappoIntment. It serlltinizes In Luc Godard, Kenneth Loach set-
sharp realism a slice of lower- ties down to pure exploration 
class English squalor, but the of a m1lieu and character Which 
result is extremely dun and " is by now very familiar and trite 
dreary. to us . Naturalism is 00 longer 

"::lNI White, a smashing new- a novelty. particularly when 
comer with a cl'H ~ rese mblance portrayed in a rambling episodic 
to Julie ChrIstie, is totally con- fashion with silent- movie titles 
vinclng as a working class girl to disrupt the action. Tbe film 
who gets pregnant at 18 and is even ends with Joy answering 
married to a thoughtless brute an unseen intervlewer-- -another 
and petty crook. Her tender lover, old Godard technique. There is 
Terencp t>~ ,\m;>p, whol'le talent a I~ck of any new lllumination 
seems tot.ally waste·1 til this role, of the forces that made Joy a 
is also a thief. Both mefl -;,) "1 poor cow, and In a film tbat 
j'll ,1,1 h prison leavlng Joy lone- depends on richness rather than 
ly and bored with only her baby events, Joy's character is simply 
son. She goes towork as a bar- not rich enough, whether in range 
f!1ll14, does a bit of modeling for ' or depth. 
a lecherous camera club, and Much of the music is by Don-
finds herself unable to do with- ovan and is quite good, but there 
out sex. Her husband ultimately are also some extremely corny 
returns, and Joy, with divorce old fasbioned songs which are 
in mind, remains hopeful of a total failures as satiric comment~ 
distant future happiness with her Both Stampp and Miss White are 
baby and imprisoned lover. fine talents. and it is indeed 

Much of the dullness Is due disappointing to find them in such 
to a lack of plot. In an effort a boring slice of life. 

Financial Aid Application Due 
July ~, Reminds Dean Naibert 

UC students registering for 
Fall 1968 who require financial 
assistance may apply for a Uni-
versity grant before July 1. 

The University's grant pro-
gram is open to all students 
with financial tJeed, and offers 
two type s of aid. Offset grants 
w1ll be awarded to applicants un-
able to pay the increased stu-
dent fee of $27 per quarter. 

Grants- in-aid wlIl assist appli-
cants whose financial need ex-
ceeds this amount. 

All courses will be taught in 
classrooms associated with the 
new Museo Nacional de Antropo-
logia in Mexico City. Outside the 
classroom all of Mexico City to-
gether with the provincial capi-
tals and certain rural areas will 
serve as a living laboratory for 
Ianguage practice and observa-
tion of Mexican life. Ind ia's Caste System 

Applicants should obtain infor-
mation and forms from the Cam-
pus Financial Aids Office as soon 
~ possible. Those who have al-
ready applied for financial aid 
through the University wlll be 
automatically considered, and 
need not re-apply. It is expect-
ed that within the funds avail-
able grants will be awarded by 
early September. 

The grant program was estab-
lished by the Regents at their' 
AprU meeting following ap9rJval 
of a Registraf.i ,) I Fee of $100. 

Who is eligible? For the Sum-
mer and Fall Quarters 1968, thir-
ty-five students will be selected 
who at that time will be starting 
the first half of their fifth year 
of enrollment for the teaching 
credential or starting their junior 
or senior year--not necessarily 
credential students. Students 
must be personally suitable for 
study abroad and have an over-
all G.P.A. of at least 2.75. They 
should have the ability to com-
prehend lectures in Spanish but 
need not be nuent. 

Continued from page 4 
ment has had no black deputy 
she riff in its history and has 
employed only three blacks for 
administrative or clerical duties. 

The police department, which 
currently has 24 officers on its 
force , has had oly one black 
police sergeant in its history. 
The San Diego Transit System, 
which Is city-owned, has 480 em-
ployees, twelve of which are black 
and forty - one of whiCh are 
Mexican-Americans. 

Wayman then turned to some 
possible solutions to these con-
ditions. He made an anaJogy of 
everyone in society in a bag 
which represented rascism. 

in groups and collectively per-
suade the whites In power,elther .-------------, 
by pressure or the tbreat of 
pressure, to change their atti-
tudes. 

He concluded by inviting stu-
dents of this campus to partici-
pate In the black-white dialo-
gues which are currently being 
held and to talk with the black 
student on campus about the role 
of the white liberal in changing 
the attitudes of whites in our 
society. 

Finally, he urged students to 
enliven this "dead" campus with 
active confrontation and reso- , 
lution of different ideas. 

JOHN GIll JEWELER 
10% DISCOUNT 
TO STUDENTS 

DIAMONDS-WATCHES-JEWELRY 
JEWELR Y DESIGNING 

EXPERT WATCH REPAIR 

7728 GIRARD AVE. 
IN COVE THEATRE BUILDING 

OUR 18th YEAR 
, 

IN LA JOLLA 

All students whether graduates, 
seniors or juniors will be select-
ed on a.,"first come first served' 
basis . The general criteria for 
eligibility to all of the Study Cen-
ters of the University of Cali-
fornia Education Abroad Pro-
gram will apply to candidates for 
the Mexican Program. 

He said that both blacks and r----:::---...,.---------,...-----------, 
Whites must help each other if 
they are going to ever get out 
of the bag, and that those who 
are holding the walls of the bag 
together, those who hold power, 
must initiate the change, 

Because of the relative proxi-
mity of Mexico City to aU of the 
campuses of the University of 
California, the cost of partici-
pating in the program for a six 
month period will be re latively 
low. It is estimated that tuition, 
fees, transportation, living ex-
penses, toge ther with a modest 
amount for personl travel and 
purchases s hould amount to ap-

Wayman also pointed out that 
before anything can progress, 
the white must learn to regard 
the black as his equal. Only 
in this way can the two races 
meet and solve their problems. 

In the meantime, those whites 
who are not in power can join 

Summer Day Camp 

TH 
Ri d i ng 

Trail Rides 

Handicraft s 

__ /1..,1-
i'. } .. , I 

- " ; . ~(?\~ \~UCKOES 
BOY S AN 0 GI RL S S· 13 
T ron ' porla'ion Provided 

Archery 
Campouts 

Games & Spor ts 

. lOllS .OSILU SOU IMTO VAUIY 
WII'e lor brochur. ta SAN D!IGO. CA~I'OINIA tl121 

453 · 1643 453 ·3143 

No matter 
how you get here • •• 
we're close by! 
Keep your money where ii', safe ... easy to get to and use ... wllh a 
checking accounl and sa,rlngs ac<;ount at San Diego's oldest and 
largest local bank. We lep'd money. too ... for almost any worthwhile 
purpose. (Our auto load rates are especially lOW.) So ... scoot by 
today! Southern Callfo",la First Nationat Is Ihe only bank in L.a Jolla 
Shores. Our friendly s.taff Is especially trained 10 serve college men 
and women. FEATURIMC , 

Southern 
CALIFORNIA FIRST 
National Bank 
LA JOLLA SHORl:S OFFICE 

R .. I Estate Leans 
Esc,. •• 

2258 A_lila de .. PlaplLa ~, Cellfomle ... 
~: ~ W...., G. AobertIaI ...... 

,June , 1')6;' 

Intramural ................. " ......... " ... " : SPORTS : ,School Records Set; Broken Again 
UCSD Stops UCSB Sweep S of t b a II, Fin a Is 

Top Hitters of Men's League 
(Based on 15 or more AB's) 

.. .. 

.. Stoff Writers • 
,. 

"~eeded for Next.-
With half of the Triton Track 

team missing due to the approach 
of finals, UCSD still managed to 
hold up its head against the on-
slaught of a track power like UC 
Santa Barbara. After only placing 
in six out olthe seventeen events, 
in which we obtained four medals, 
UCSD stlll proceeded to stop a 
complete sweep of the aU-Cal 
record books by Santa Barbara. 
The lone event of the day to not 
be rewritten was the 440 yd relay. 

On an extremely fast track of 
cinder and clay. the Triton team 
of Steve Garfolo, Tom Gatlin, 
Marc Rothman. and Joe McCarthy 
was awarded first place in the 
quarter mile relay, over UC 
Davis and UC Santa Barbara. 
Although the time for the UCSD 
foursome was not particularly 
swift, it was good enough to come 
through. since none of the runners 
had ever handed ollto one another 
before. The points earned here 
were the most received in any 
one event for San Diego. 

Warren Kumley, trying to break 
his week old school record in the 
mile run, was forced to pick up 
the pace when it was evident the 
pack was running too slow. How-
ever, by doing this Warren, who 
has never had a tremendous 
finishing kick, condemned him-
self to only a fifth place, but in 
the rather good time of 4:26 
(equal to his old mark broken 
last week). Jay Segal, star Triton 
3 miler, ran an excellent race 
despite an ankle-heel injury 
which has been plaguing him for 
the last three weeks. With his 
time of 15:52, Jay nows owns the 

school three mUe record, previ-
ously held by Triton miter War-
ren Kumley at 15:53. 

The 440 yd dash produced the 
other school record of the day 
when Tom Gatlin aced out team-
mate Marc Rothman at the finish 
to take over the record in a time 
of 51.4 sec. Tom then came back 
in the 440 Intermediate Hurdles 
to place fourth and get another 
medal lor his efforts. 

AAU Meet Provides Record 
Thursday, May 30, provided 

one of the last possible revi-
sions of the record book for this 
year. The revision came during 
the annual Southern Pacific A ma-
tuer Athletlc Union track and 
field meet in Balboa Stadium. 
The 440 yd dash record set less 
than a week ago by Tom Gatlin 
w,as shattered by eight tenths of 
a second when Triton quarter 
mller Marc Rothman breezed 
through the tape in an effortless 
looking time of 50.6 seconds. 
Rothman lead the field of six 
runners, including Mike Turnip-
seed of Cal Western, from the 
start and was never challenged 
throughout the race. 

The pole vaulters. true toform. 
again cleared 13 feet to score 
3 and 1/2 points ior the Tritons. 
Jim Dent tied for second along 
with a Davis vaulter while Bruce 
Burdick held up the rear with a 
fourth. They both currently hold 
the school record along with Bill 
Dower, who has only been able 
to vault a few times this year due NAJA Finals -- Alburqurque 
to a heavy class schedule. This weekend. Triton long jum-

The final race of the day. the per Tom Woife is journeying to 
mile relay, again not the normal Alburqerque for the NAIA Na-

A League 
F. Duttweiler 
C. Anderson 
P. Salsitz 
B. Todd 
S. Thompson 
T. Parker 
D.Christinaz 
J. Thomas 
B. Reiner 
R. Hanna 
BLeague 

.654 
• 650 
.600 
.600 
.588 
• 556 
• 546 
.539 
.539 
.529 

L. Baker .678 
L . Falk .667 
C. Cheney .625 
D. Shine .600 
R. Loomis .588 
G. Redding .539 
D. Smith .539 
J. Strathem .533 
T. Harnsberge r .500 
R. Cohen .778 

team of runners, posted a big tionals in which he could figure 
effort in the early portions olthe very prominently. The sports C League 
race, but unfortunately finished staff here and all the men on J . Bartelle .584 
out of the money. With Rothman the track team wish bim the B. Utchlield .565 
rwming the first leg in a blazing best of luck. C. Sudstrom .563 
51.2, the Tritons were in second VARSITY CHEER LEADING D. Kuhn .555 
place as Gatlin took over. The TRY-OUTS: Wednesday June 5. A. Wertheimea .543 
other teams with their superior Practices will be held on south Gross .433 
athletes managed to pull away lawn of the H.L. buildlng (grassy P. Wiker .524 
from the Triton runners, even knoll). Practices are mandatory! Dietz .524 
though they ran extremely well Call Martha Green (453-1936) L. Wennerberg .5 20 
themselves. for questions. P. Herschman .500 

••• ¥¥¥~¥.¥¥¥¥~ •• ¥ •• ~ •••• ~ , 
• We Support Senator 
iC 
tRobert F. Kennedy 

For The Democratic 

P.G.'s 
O.S . 
DeAnza 
Wease ls 
Weasels 
O.S . 
A.G • 
P.G.'s 
P .G.'s 
P.G.'s 

D.M. 
M.T. 
M.T. 
D.M. 
M.T. 
M.T 
M.T. 
M.T. 
BOI 
P.M. 

B.B. 
D.B. 
B. F. 
DB's 
B.B. 
g. 
G. 
B.B. 
B.B. 
DB's 

.. . 
,. Year! ,. 
.. Think About It 
Jt .. 

: (Writing that is) : 

The uniCORn T11eatre 
Tonight through Tuesday 

THE WAR GAME 
(7:30 pm) England 
1965 Peter Watkins 

A f ilm which s,mulJles 
an atomIc attack WI h 
hOrrible perfection . 

CHILDREN 
OF PARADISE 

(8 :40 pm) France 
1943 45 Marcel Carne 

With Jean ·LoUis Berrault 
and Arletty 

A lowenn~ . mythiC film 
Saturday Midnight 

H istory of Sex 
in C inema ::t I 
THEDA BARA 

A FOOL THERE WAS 
Beginning Wednesday 

THE STRANGER 

Speedee Ma,t 
(IN THE SHORES) 

OPEN 7 AM TO 10 PM 
7 DAYS A WEEK iC Nomination For Preside nt 

.... ----..... 
TArE A IIEAf I • Of The United State-s ic 

• • RELAX FOR A DA Y i' Our next president must quickly conclude the Vietnam war and develop a new iC 
IN DEL MAR iC and more relevant conception of our role in the world of today and tomorrow. l:.qually iC 

AT THE QUIET, i' important, he must be willing and able to direct extensive attention and resources to • 
COM FO R TAB LE· iC the problems of our minority groups, our poor, and our cities. • 

LEMON 
TREE 
MOTEL 

~ ~ince 1~65, I:>enator Kennedy has been offering a sensible and creative alternative • 
i' to the Administration's Vietnam policy. During the past eight years --- in speeches, ic 

~ in his service as Attorney General, in his votes, and in legislation introduced in tne ic 
~ I:>enate --- ne has demonstrated a stronger understanding of this decade's minority, 
• poverty, and urban problems than has either of the other candidates. Because he has -iC 
• the confidence of the minority groups he can best resolve the major domestic tension • 
iC of our times. In short, he is the only candidate whose record on both foreign and domestic ic 
iC problems warrants our wholehearted support. ic 

WIM YEAR ROUND • There will be no deadlock at the 1~68 Democratic Convention. If 5enator Kennedy iC 
. IN THE 80° POOL, • fails to triumph in the primaries, Hubert Humphrey will be nominated on the Johnson -iC 
WATCH FREE T. V. ~ record. Only if Senator Kennedy runs well in the primaries is he likely to be the party's ic 

WAKE UP IN THE ~ nominee. iC 
MORNING TO JUICE ~ Califo r nia Democrats must use the primary to persuade the national convention iC 
COFFEE & DONUTS ~ to nominate a man committed to a reasonable solution in Vietnam, and to creative 

,-

DURING WINTER , 
MENTION THIS AD 
AND RATE IS ONLY 

~ resolution of problems at home. A study of the record convinces us that Robert F. • 
• Kennedy is that man. iC ! We Urge You To Join Us In Supporting t 
• Senator Robert Kennedy On June Fourth • 

$'.00 FOR DOUBLE : FACULTY COMMITT~E FOR KENNEDY JOIN U5: t 
• P rofessor Gustaf Arrhenius - AppJied Students for KENNEDY - 453-3002 • 

PHONE 755-4494 

1049 
CAMINO DEL MAR 

DEL MAR, CALIF. 

iC E lectrophysics Faculty for KENN~DY - 453-0756 ~ 
Professor Keith Brueckner - Physics ~an Diego KENN~DY Headquarters- -iC t Dr. Robert E lsner - ~cripps Institute of 23~-13R~ • 
~ Oceanography 
i' Dr. Donald Foster - Urban Affairs, i' 
• UniverSity hxtension iC 
i' Professor 8eymour Harris - Economics . • 

.... _--_ ... ¥¥ •••••• ¥ .... ¥ ........ ¥¥ ................. ¥. 



· I 
.lune 3 . 196R 

Monday, June 3 

8:00 p.m. 

Tuesday, June 4 

6:00 p.m. 
7:00o.m. 
8:00 p.m. 
8:00 p.m. 

Wednesday, J une 5 

4:00 p.m. 
7:00 p.m. 
7:30 p.m. 
7:30 p.m. 
8:00p.m. 

Thursday, June 6 

5:00 p.m. 
6:30 p.m. 
7:30 p.m. 
7:30 p.m. 
8:30 p.m. 

UH 6257 

HL 458 
USB 2622 
South Dining Hall 
Informal lnunge 

Circle K 

Theos 
Senior Class 
University Folk Dancers 
Black students' Council 

REVELLE COSA ELECTION 

HL Auditorium 
506 Me 
HL 458 
HL 462 
Informal lnunge 

HL 1166 
HL 458 
HL 458 
USB 3070 
USB 2722 

Tuesday the Ninth Committee 
Alpha Phi Omega 
SHATC 
UCSD Democratic Club 
Black students' Council 

Alpha Sigma Phi 
Solchelas 
SHATC 
Soaring Ground Club 
Galathea Hall sponsors movie 

NOTE: 

CAMPUS KIOSK 
WHICH WAY TO GO? OCCU-

pational Exploration plus Self 
Knowledge equals VocationalAd-
justment. This is the theme of a 
new occupational information 
service offered by Cluster I Li-
brary, Matthews Campus. 

Four basic kinds of occupation-
al information are available for 
use in the Library'S Occupational 
Information Browsing Alcove. (1) 
The S.R.A. Occupational Ex-
ploration Kit. This kit may be 
used most efficiently if you have 
already participated in the voca-
tional guidance program offered 
by the Career-Educational Plan-
ning and Placement Center. The 
Kit contains 400 occupational 
briefs and a system for relating 
your high Kuder Interests Fac-
tors to selected occupations. 

(2) Blue open topped browsing 
boxes contain brief summaries of 
occupations arranged according 
to the college majors with which 
the occupations are associated. 
These boxes contain a greater 
variety of information than is 
provided by the OEK. 

ALL ORGANIZATIONS ARE 
reminded to return their descrip-
tions to the student Activities 
Office (Bldg. 250 MC) immed-
iately in order to be included in 
the student Handbook, now under 
preparation by Publicity Com-
missioner Jim Magill. For those 
organizations which do not have 
the forms, call the Activities Of-
fice at ext. 1918. 

NEXT YEAR REVELLE STU-
DENTS will be able to rent art 
posters for their room at a mini-
mal fee per quarter. 39 posters, 
some framed, have been pur-
chased already and will be shown 
in the Art Gallery this week, 
Monday 7-9 p.m., and Tuesday 
through Thursday, lla.m.-3p.m. 
All revenues received from rent-
als will be used towards expand-
ing the collection. 

TEACHING CREDENTIALS 
for Revelle students will be of-
fered in coordination with the 
Education Department of San 
Diego College. 

DeE TO CONFLICTlNG FINAL EXAM SCIiEDULES. THE DRA."'T SYMPOSIUM HJ\~ BEEN RG-
planned (or 11ext quar.ter. 8nly about 20 stude:1Ls ')how~:l :I!l ~Jr U1wi:; Clayboll':' JP.·s ka)"lotp' addr~ss 
list week. T!le OFr-leE OF' ':>T;J0ENT .\ F'F' A.iRS Ci)n'i~fJUeI1tlv ded.jed to sciJedul~ the imoor~a.nt 
seri~s .1C t.aJ'{s af :l ~ime wl:iAIl more s~:Jderl~" WO'II j be ,tl) ~ to par· ~~ ip;tie . Cal l 453-Z000, ext. l 'H8 
rIuri 19 the SIJm mer .n)'l:'1s ftl f t,Co{'!1l\l.!;tlll r.~garjing tbe Symoos~:Jm's Fall scl:iedule. 

(3) Olive green browsing boxes 
contain ente rprise information. 
An enterprise is the working en-
vironment related to an occupa-
tion. The Enterprise Browsing 
Boxes s upply information de-
scribing the various working en-
vironments . For example, a 
chemical engineer may work in 
the following enterprises: agri-
culture, mining, manufacturing, 
or government. The working en-
vironment descriptions are r e-
lated to the occupationaldescrip-
tions contained in the blue boxes. 

Mrs. Alksnis, of the Provost's 
Office, stated that any general 
major, because of the extreme 
breadth of the lower division 
require ments, would be suffiCient 
academic preparation for anele-
mentary school credential. A ma-
jor in a subject normally taught 
in high school would be suffi-
cient for a secondary credential. 

The prospective teacher would 
have to attend a fifth year of 
classes in Education at SDS for 
his credential. 

"WINDS OF CHANGE" WILL 
be the message at Univers ity 
Lutheran Church this Sunday, 
June 2, 10 a.m. Campus Pastor 
John Huber will preach and of-
ficiate in the Eucharist for the 
Pentecost Festival service. All 
are welcome. 

ARTIST LLOYD HAMROL 
will design a 'situational con-
struction" from 500 feet of plas-
tic cord for his one- man show 
which opens on June 2 at the 
La Jolla Museum of Art. The 
construction will occupy a large 
portion of a 36-by-15-foot second 
floor gallery. It will re main on 
view through June 30. Hamrol 
was represented in the recent 
LA-NY exhibit at UCSD. 

TO ALL STUDENTS, FACUJ.,.. 
ty and staff from the Physical 
Education Department... . The 
move to the new gymnasium re-
quires that all equipment on is-
sue be turned in and that locke rs 
be c leared by June 5. students, 
Faculty and s taff members are 
r equested to assist the depart-
ment by complying with the dead-
line. 

"THE UGLY AMERICAN 
through Foreign Eyes," is the 
Operation Jericho theme for 
Wednesday, June 12, 7:30 p.m., 
at Unive rsity Lutheran Church. A 
panel of international represen-
tatives including Ran Mitra of 
India will share their candid 
views of the U.S. culture and 
lack of it. The event is sponsored 
by Agape (Luthe ran Community at 
UCSD). 

~THE PROVOCATrvE THEA-
TRE OF HAROLD PINTER", a 
series of one-act plays by one 
of England's foremo'5t present-
day playwrights, will be present-
ed at the Mission Playhouse, 3960 
Mason Street, Old Town, begin-
ning Friday, April 26th at 8:30 
P.lI-I. and continuing Fr idays, Sat-
urdays, and Sundays, throlJgh 
May ISh The plays, to be pre-
s2nted \rl repertory, include "The 
Room -, • A Slight Ache ", "The 
Lover" , and a number of humor-
ous sketches . Call 295-6453 be-
tween 1 and 5 P.M. for reser-
vations. 

CONGRATULATIONS ARE IN 
order for fr eshman Jon Klin.e 
who has won the Triton Times 
Academy Awards Contest of 

Mar~h 8 tbrough April 5. Jon 
cort'~ctly predi.cted 4 of 6 pos-
sible categor l.'3s; Best Actor, 
best suppor~ ing actor and at!-
tress , and best dlrp.r.1 ,,' . ~:-Ie ,:11;; 
out-predict~::I bol;1 t;19 1. A. 
Times and our Triton Times crit -
ic). ·Jon \VB: ~"!Vp. Um ~it!kets 
to any film he chooses in the 
San Diego aras. 

(4) Books about careers are lo-
cated conveniently on nearby 
shelves. Students wishing to study 
an occupation in greater detail 
than offered by pamphlets may 
charge out the books for a period 
of three weeks. 

Why not stop by and look over 
this unique occupational infor ma-
tion syste m. 

DR. SIMMONS WILL SPEAK 
to pre-med students on proper 
procedures for appUcation to 
medical school. The meetingwUl 
deal with questions of a gen-
eral nature and with specifics 
on entrance to the new UCSD 
facilit y. 

Although the plans ar e indef-
inite, the meeting will be beld 
in early June. 
~ .............................................. . 

: From Pres. Shepard's Office : 

~ Apply For AS, Campus Committees~ 
... 

.. 

+: The following committees still have openings for student repre- ... 
sentatives for the 1868-6S .Academic year. both the student and the : 
academic committees offer the opportunity to participate in the .. 

... formulation of policy that will dir ectly affect you. There is also .... 
a need for student representatives for faculty committees on which .... 

.. 

we hope to gain representation in the coming months. ... 
1. COLvlMU ~Ic...l.TION.:> B OA RD - Policy and financial control of .... 

Claybourne: Resistance 
.. 

all campus communications media including newspapers, radio .. 
station, and year book. .. 

... Continued f r om page 1 
A prison sentence carries with 

it a loss of many rights and 
privileges and is considered by 
many in making the decision 
about the draft. 

Another tOl,ie covered was CO 
classification. Claybourne stated 
that many c 10 cientiolls objec-
tors today a :e objecting to war 
only in the sense that they do 
not be Heve in the American par-
ticipation in the Vie[l14ui '.var , 
and do not s ate that they would 
refuse to S€ rve in a declared, 
"legal" war it that state of af-
fairs existed 

Under the present system, no 
ciassificatior lor objectors to a 
particular W.lf exists, accord Lng 
to Claybourne. However , he con-
tinued, the Supreme Court de-
cision is intended to have in-
cluded this in its work on the 

lective Service System Act. 
The new law will expect to 

liberalize the 1-0 classification 
to include the problems raised 
by tbe Vietnam war with regard 
to its questionable morality and 

legality. 
Mr. Claybourne also spoke 

briefl y on the abstract legal as-
pects of draft r esistance . He 
mentioned that it would be pos-
sible to reform the evil by dis-
sent. But, this dissent must be 
within legal bounds, otherwise 
a condition exis ts in which dis-
sent destroys the system which 
has the power to change the 
pvil. 

Subtopics oC Claybourne's 
speech included the legalaspects 
of drafting prisoners to fight 
if the draft system could not 
provide t~e necessary men. 

There is no case in question 
in which the legality of such 
action has been brought before 
his office for examination and 
possible referral to the Supreme 
Court . 

During a question and answer 
period, Mr. Claybourne replied 
to points raised on the possi-
bility of draft dissent and r e-
sistance having any relation to 
the Sup eme Court's decis ion. 

2. C OF F£E HUT - I,dministration and expansion planning. .. 
3. Ri:. GI,)T R~ TION FEE. - f, llocation of old " incidental fee" to ! 

various campus organizations. .. 
... 4. 1.R1 ~ I.~D L.£C TURf. ,-, - ~election of programs offered by .. 

the committee. ... 
... 5. 1-. Ui: ILIlIRY .t.i"TEfU· HI.:>E~ - Control over business aspects ... 

of: Vending mac hines, food services, parking, coffee hut, bookstore, ... 
... 

etc . ~ 
6. £'<l(;UAL OPPOR1 U. IT Y in E mployme nt - University hiring ... 

... 

pr actices . ... 
7. PL.E:LIC CE,RE iv10:-{U S - Administrative control and planning. : 
8 . .:J1 U E 1':T C O~D'Lc... T B OA RD - University-wide judicial coun- • 

: cU. : 
it G. PubLIC ITY COivlr l.;)~ ION - l'ublicizing all campus events ..... 
: Hopefully, there will also be openings on faculty committees in : 
... the near future. If you are interested in being considered for any .. 
.. ... 

... of these committees or you would like further information, please ... 

... c all 453-2000, ext. 1~18. The I. :::' . needs responsible representa- • 
: tives on academic and administrative committees if it is to assume ! 
+: its role as a powerful. and responsible student representative. ... 
... ... 

... ... 

.......................... ...••.••............ ~ 



J«) 
p~~~ 
'-10 
8'(""D 
OIJ C,lY' 

or 
SAN 1>1160 

'!eSpDllSI~ILtTle'S OF 
S'TVoe,"" <;a{f.ltlM"MT 

* ~ A WELL ~AlANCED 
STUDENT 

W E PRES EN T O U '968 SPECIAL· E D ITION 
The Triton Times proudly presents this Special Edition in 

tribute to the Class of 1968. In the pictures and stories that 
follow, we will try to give you some sense of the ((pioneering 
spirit" which this class has helped to established during the 
last four years. E;ven though they can appreciate the memories 
most, we hope you will also enjoy looking over the reminders 
of the many events and personalities that have formed the 
first Utraditions" of UCSD. 

In a sense UCSD has become a model for the new colleges 
and universities across the country. Here, there are no estab-
lished traditions to hamper new ideas. There are no serious 
barriers to impede relations between students and faculty. 
Though the goal of a (( community of scholars" has not been 
reached as yet, these graduating seniors have helped us take 
the first steps in the right direction. 

The First Class of UCSD has led the way to many changes 
on campus. In the area of curriculum their experiences in the 
unique offerings at Revelle College have sparked re-adjustments 
in everything from science to language requirements. In the 
area of campus accomodations the seniors have gone from 
primitive quarters in the leftover barracks in the Student 
Affairs Office (Bldg. 250 Matthews Campus) to homey apartment 
living in Del Mar and La Jolla. As for student organization, 

~ . 

-. 

ex-AS Presidents Larry Baker and Richard Altenhoff can 
testify to the growth that the Associated Students have made in 
the last four years. 

What the First Class has left their successors with, however, 
is the challenge to continue and improve . Such innovations as 
student-faculty committees have yet to become a significant 
force in campus affairs . The future of the college system was 
first conceived by Dr. Roger Revelle. He feels this is a good 
solution to the alienation present in the monolithic university. 
The proof of success rests with the future generations of UCSD 
students. The opportunity for students to involve themselves 
critically in problems in the surrounding community has hardly 
been discussed up to now~ , 

When the twenty-eighth graduating class looks out on a 
finished university in 1995, their pride will be based, in no 
small part, upon the courageous efforts of the Class,of 1968, 
who began this great experiment in higher educat~o~. San 
Diego, too, can be grateful to the First Class for reabzmg the 
community's dreams of a great university. We hope, however, 
that UCSD will never be a comfortable place to be; that the 
excitement that has characterized the first years will continue 
to be the hallmark of our university. 

Roger M. Showley, Commencement Edition Ed itor 

) 

1)t)NT BOTHER ME} K.ID--
r <:tOT' WORI( ~ 00 ..laII---' 

'-

• ;;, 
Co ~ •• 
Co 



page 4 14 June 1968 

Initiative is Our Spirit 
For most people, "college life" means varsity sweaters cheering 

throngs at the "big game:' panty raids, and the frat parti~s on Fri-
day night. With this in mind we might ask ourselves just where in 
Its evolution UCSD has missed the mark -- or has itt? UCSD doesn't 
share the collegiate stereotype; here there seems to be a different 
emphasis. a different vantage point, a different horizon. Events 
that usually consume student awareness elsewhere are hardly men-
tioned here and yet some of UCSD's earth-stopping Issues hardly 
turn the head of other student bodies. 

Just what is it that makes this campus so different? It seems 
that there are several things at work here. Primarily, it may be the 
youth of the school--an institutional infant where s tudent govern-

me~ts .don't ~erelY operate, they begin; where student newspapers 
don t Just ~xlst, they start; where student unions aren't enjoyed 
they are. ~Ullt; ~her~ a curriculum isn't maintained, it Is debugged: 

~ addltlon, this difference may be attributed to the overall level 
of IDtellectual maturity enjoyed (?) by the students here. The work 
of the press, the pride of the administrators, and the distinction 
of the faculty roster all help to apply a keen intellectual and aca-
demic pressure on the student who is able to withstand it. 

So, there is a spirit ot UCSD after all. Maybe it doesn't bring 
tears. to the eyes or hails to the heroes but its there as a quiet and 

~eamngful Corce,. prompting those who want to be prompted, guid-
lllg those who Wish to be led, and training those who wish to lead 
Perhaps it. is e~siest to think of the spirit of UCSD as an experi~ 
~nce,. on~ .I~ -:vhlch trad1lions are made rather than adhered to, one 
In whlch lnIhahve is the most vital commodity. 

Beyond Control? 
I was initially asked to try to assess the changes which have oc-

curred a.mong students at UCSD in the year just past. Even without 
the terrible events of the last several days, recalling as they do 
MemphIS. and Jackson and Dallas in a blur of time and of anguish, 
that a.sslgnment was a formidable one. f"ow, at least Cor me it is 

*************************** 

made lmposslble. ' Robert F. Kennedy, 1925-1968 
The most I can do is to suggest the changes which I hope have 
~curred or ~re occurring and I must do so in quite personal terms. 

erhaps. dunng these months, we have shared in change -- students lW WA:'),!. SMITH, STUDENTS FOR KENNEDY facult~ ~embe~s and administrators -- despite the differences which 
some mSlst diVlde us. 

We are now, as a nation and as a University community deeply 
troubled over that thread of violence which runs through us ail. Some 
among" us would de~r our universal complicity: "We are a gentle 
people , they say; I am not guilty" , they say. Others would use 
our. ang~r a?d ,our frustration to their own purpose: "the whole of 
SOCIety IS slck', they say; "we must make the University a revo-
lutionary force". they say. 

~~t sitting smugly in our hands carries no more promise than 
nalhng the alr with them. Our gentleness as a people is again at 
least open to question. Our clai m of innocence is pretense and whe:l 
we are honest with ourselves, we know it -- few of us hav~ don~ 
what we could have done or what these times demand we do Scoring 
the re st of society is a transparent attempt to shift the burden to 
others at ~st, a cheap ~ispla.y of self-righteousness at worst. And 
the dest~ucllon of the Umverslty or its "reconstruction in our ex-
clustve Image , an~ our absolute vision of truth (which is just another 
way of destroymg It) accomplishes nothing of substance . 

.The ~eal question is not whether violf:;}ce or the threat of violence 
eXlsts ,10 our nation and in academe. Nor is the real answer to be 
found 10 the slick generalities which offer little and deliver less 
!he re,~l pr,~blem, I am ~onvinced, Is our senseless insistence that 
It is they who are vlOlent whoever "they" may be and l' t I' ~'we" who a t' t '. t S re ac 109 ou the dIctates of conscience whoever "we" 
happen to be. And the real solution, I suggest lie; in ridding our 
selves of this "we-they" mentalJty, this "go~ guy. white hat -= 
bad guy, black hat" approach to the most serious issues that can 
face a people. 

Given the peculiar logic which often seems to beset us, it ls possible 
to argue, as. many now do, that Lee Oswald and James Ray and Sirhan 
Sirhan are vlOI~nt m.en but that the assassin of George Lincoln Rock-
well and the fiftY-Oine WOUld-be killers of Sirhan are not. That Max 
Rafferty and Sa~ Yorty a~d George Wallace, calling for law and 
order at any price, are vlOlent men inflaming others to violence 
but that Fat~er James ~roppi, shaking a finger at the Attorney General 
and promislllg to brmg his "army from Milwaukee" is not That 
Mark Rudd and Rudi Dutschke and Daniel Cohn-Bend it are non-v'lolent 
by nature and in fact while Grayson Kirk and John Summersk1ll and 
Roger Heyns ar.e provacateurs, " antagonistic to students" and reckless 
in their exercise of power. That the President of the United States 
and members Hf his cabinet are madmen ( or gutless) while those 
who pour duel . blood on Se lecHve Service files or who dynamite 
draft board offIces are sane. That marine recruits on the Revelle 
Plaza threaten mayhem while time bombs in a dean's office do not T~at those whc . throw Molotov cocktails through an asse mblyman'~ 
wllldow are .scmehow less violent than those who even now clean 

For the past few years I have 
become increasingly dissatisfied 
with the course our nation is 
following. I was dissatisfied with 
the war in Vietnam, with the 
polarization of our white and 
black communities ~th the 
neglect and lack of real con-
cern for those among us affec-
ted by poverty, who are forced 
to live in filth and squaler while 
the rest oC us enjoy alfluence 
with our lack of courage to pur: 
sue just and moral poliCies 
around the world, with our tol-
erance of dictatorship and our 
lack of warm th for peoples' 
revolutions against such dl.:-
tatorships. 

The Ame rican system came 
forth with two men who also 
dissatisfied with our course and 
who thought we could do better. 
They were. of course, Robert 
F. Kennedy and Eugene McCar-
thy. For a multitude reasons 
which are not the point of this 
article. I chose to support Ro-
bert F. Kennedy. 1 decided to 
put my words into actions and 
until June 5th I worked hard with 
other people who Celt the same 
as 1. Unfortunately, this fight 
was not agains t the forces of the 
status quo but against the Corces 
of change of Eugene McCarthy. 

During that campaign I came 
to greatly admire and respect 
Senator Kennedy. Someone said 
that never has an American po-
IUical figure generated love and 
hate of the intensity as has Ro-
bert. Those of us who loved 
him showing It by neglecting 
almost everything to work for 
Bobby. Those who hated him 
manitested it by burning his pos-
ters and bulletin boards or by 
shooting him. 

The greatest thing that was lost 
with the death of Senator Kennedy 
is related to his unique position 
with minority groups. He was 
a symbol - a symbol of white 
concern for black, brown, or red 
suffering. He was a rich man 
who had deep and s incere com-
passion for those individuals who 
had to endure the suffering and 
pain of hunger, cold, and dis-
crimination. At any governmental 
level he worked to insure a 
better chance Cor those persons 
to end their dilemma. As At-
torney General he worked with 
freedom riders and attempted to 
instate racial justice in southern 
ports. As Senator. he started one 
of the biggest s lum renovations 
in the Bedford Stuyvesant area, 
attempting to do at the senatorial 
level what he hoped to do at 

Editor-In-Chief 
Renney Senn 

and load their guns in ?n1il'ipation of the long h~t s ummer ~head 
Whom are W( kidding? Who is being deceIved?' I\u I.a.ps it we hav~ News Editor 

indeed shar~d ~ change, it is not those of us who increasfugly refuse Steve Landau 
Gnphic Arts Editor 

Bob Chen 
Graphic Arts 

Jim Dyke 
to accept gllb J;-lnaceas from any quarter. Maybe not those of us whose 
mounting grief lnd confusion and pain make us uncertain ot our future Advertising 
uneasy about our present and distraught over our past. It cou ld just Geoffrey Moyle 
be that o~r . reI Jctanl'e to jump to extremes in any direction evidences 
our convlctlon that the answers are no more simple today that they Copy Editor 
were ten days ago or two months ago or four and a half years ago 
It is possible t.hat we are now even more dedicated to discovering Cathy Topping 
real and meanlngful answers to continuing but soluble problems Photography 
It may mean that we are unwilling to accept intellectual dishonest; steve Ulonard 
or emotional inanities as viable solutions to direct questions put to 
rational and caring beings. In s hort, we may just be ready to do some-
thing rather than to talk about or to think about doing something. Sports Editor 

I hope so. As the young man, among too many whom we most Dave Stearns 
recently mourn put it: • 

"The tuture may lie beyond our vision put it is not completely Business Manager 
beyond our controL" Joe Puretz GEORGE MURPHY, Dean of Student AUairs 

Ne',vs Staff 
Roger Showley 
(asst. editor) 
Susan Adams 
Tom Baker 
Jeff Brittain 
Randy Ericson 
George McCollister 
John McEligott 
Greg Redding 
Jim Rottman 

Sports swt 
Fred Grunewakl 
Bob Conrad 
Don Bright 

Copy Crew 
John McCarthy 
(co-editor) 
Martha Crow 
Da ve He ll2.nd 
Mike Kelley 
Ray Seavers 
Chris Sheldon 

Society Staff 
Joel Goodman 
Dave sacherman 

Photogra.phy statf 
Don Bright 
Bob Conrad 

a presidential level. He sym-
bolized hope for these people. 
He was the only presidential 

candidate who could go into a 
slum to campaign. The night be-
fore the election he made an 
evening campaign of southeast 
SIan Diego against the warnings 
of police, who felt that a night-
time rally in a negro ghetto 
would be dangerous for him. Now 
he i s dead. Who else can re-
present white man's concern to 
the Negro, to the Mexican-Am-
erican, to the Indian? ldon'tknow. 

Robert Kennedy was calledar-
rogant, ruthless, opportunistic. 
When asked how he came to get 
this image he paused and ans-
wered in a perplexed voice, "1 
don't know, I don't know .. .l don't 
know." And how could he? Ken-
nedy had through his lifetime, 
pursued with vigor and energy 
what he felt was right and jus-
tice. No task was too large. 
Robert Kennedy was called ar-
rogant, I believe because he was 
idealistic. He was called ruthless 
because he manifested his ideals 
in action with every ounce of 
energy in his body and did so 
with an unwillingness to com-
promise. He was called oppor-
tunistic that only he could accom-
plish what he Celt was right by 
obtaining positions of power. How 
much should a man want to help 
his fellow man? Six units, ten 
units? How much should he want 
to be president? When he ex-
ceeds X units is he to be called 
opportunistic? I do not know. 

I only know that Robert Ken-
nedy repre sented to many of the 
so-called ethnic groups here In 
the United States and to many 
around the world a reconcillia-
tion of men. His dynamic, vig-
orous nature had an aurora of 
change. 

Now that pitiful, desperate man 
has shot him down, I hope for 
this country's sake that someone 
can come to represent the things 
for which Robert F. Kennedy 
stood. 
--Wayne L. Smith 

. ' 

14 June 196B 
----'--

Future Direction of the 
Analyzed • IS University 

by Steve Landau 
The following tour pages of 

this special edition of the Tri-
ton Times are devoted to a dis-
cussion of some ot the impor-
tant issues that face the stu-
dent and the university today. 

The subjects chosen here are 
quite appropriate for an issue 
such as this, for they have been 
major topics oC conversation 
throughout most of the year at 
this campus. 

We have heard much about 
"student power" at UCSD this 
year. especially during the re-
cent A.S. election. GenerallY,the 
students are agreed that they 
should play a greater role in 
determining policies and making 
decisions that affect them. 

Atter talking with several 
members of the faculty and ad-
ministration, I have come to 
several conclusions. 

First of all, the university 
is structured in such a manner 
that authority is quite clearly 
delegated to several persons. 
However, this structure is not 
so rigid that it prohibits any 
segment of the academic com-
munity from having a voice in 
decision making. 

It appear s that those in po-
sitlons of authority must take 
into consideration the wishes of 
all groups if they desire a 
smoothly running university.It 
would be quite dUflcult for the 
administration to ignore the 
voice of the majority of either 
the faculty or the students. 

The whole problem centers 
around the ability of the students 
to make their voice heard. It 
see ms that at present the ad-
ministration seldom knows just 
what the majority of students 
want. Hopefully, the recent at-
tempts to co-ordinate all mem-
bers of the university communi-
ty into one governing body will 
solve this problem - - it is only 
when a lack of communication 
exists that the university is like-
ly to erupt, a la Columbia. 

This leads right into the se -
cond subject under consideration, 
the role of the university in the 
community. More and more, stu-

dents are becoming aware that 
their obligations as citizens are 
at least, If not more, ifnportant 
than their obligations as stu-
dents. It Is for this reason that 
this year at UCSD has seen 
so many students entering into 
outside activities - politics, TNC. 
SOS. etc. 

Furthermore, the faculty gen-
erally agrees that the unlversity 
is or should be "mankind's last 
best hope." Being a community 
of scholars, the university should 
be the institution that evaluates 
society. prescribing solutions to 
the problems that face mankind. 

Most of the professors fe lt 
that the educational process today 
tends to be too much of an 
"exercise in learning," and fails 
to relate enough to the world 
around us. 

in the curriculum and enocurage 
students to participate in extra-
curricular activities, but some 
fe It that restraint should be used 
in making the university a social 
wellare organization. 

Finally, th~ last page of this 
section highlights the most pres-
sing problem of our time. This 
was a last minute addition, but 
was included because of its ex-
treme importance and relevance 
to the discussion at hand. The 
material for this page was pro-

The only areas of disagree- vided by the Black Students' 
ment on this subject concer ned Council of UCSD. 
the degree to which the univer- President Hitch of the University of California took a significant 
sity should concretely implement A more thorough study of the step towards the University in the community at his recent inagura-
Its teachings to affect change. three areas presented here will tlon: H~ cailetl :'Jr "a new co::! lition, a new partnership combining the 
Most agreed that the university be presented in special sections dedIcation, the moral cOlcerns, and the spirit of brotherhood of today's 
should include relevant subjects next year in the Triton Times. !ounger genHatlOn and the full intellectual re sources of our universities 

Students Speak o lit' C?Ori""~fheCkCiss'lJest1m"." 
(Editor's Note: To getasampling 
of student opinion on the Issues 
that are discussed in this section, 
several students were asked to 
giver their views on the role 
of the student in the University 
and the role of the University 
in the community. The interviews 
were arranged and coordinated 
by Feature Editor Tom Baker. 
TOM SCHRAGG, Sophomore and 
active member in the Tuesday 
the Ninth committee. 

The University should be gear-
ed to the needs Gf the students 
academically, culturally. and 
socially. After all, the University 
is designed to serve the stUdents. 

It should provide a variety of 
classes, speakers, and oppor-
tunities for persons to expand 
their interests and minds. Edu-
cation is not indoctrination, but 
rather a process which allows the 
student to develop himself as a 
human being. 

Because of the small size, 
it is difficult for UCSD to pro-
vide constantly new and varied 
educational experiences. 

It is difficult to generate in-
terest here. Much more happens 
when everyone is active. There 
is not the usual intercourse with 
the outside world that one usually 
tinds at larger universities such 
as Berkeley. 

The student must have a large 
part in determining policy at 
UCSD. While I realize that such 
things as marijuana use cannot 
be regulated by student boards , 
other trivial things such as cur-
few rules should be up to the 
students' discretion. The admini-
stration gets too "up tight" over 

Unless the university is re-
sponsive to student wlshes for 

curriculum changes, the univer-
sity stifles education. The uni-
versity is obligated to make 
changes which are within its 
means. otherwise, it thwarts the 
very thing it Is supposed to pro-
vide. , 

MICHAEL BROWN, Member of 
next year 's COSA and former 
presidential candibate, majoring 
in philosophy. 

1 worked on lnterhall Council 
and have found that students can 
have a role in determining rules 
and policy. On the college level, 
students should determine policy 
and penalties through their judi-
cial boards, which s hould be en-
tirely composed oC students. 
Hopefully, the students and fa-
culty could determine admini-
s tration policy. 

A joint faculty- student com-
mittee on curriculom should be 
worked out. If the facuIty has 
good ideas which students don't 
recognize because of their rela-
tive inexperience they will be 
able to exert the major influence. 

Revelle College is only4years 
old and already 1 see it dumped 
into the depths of false tradltion. 
This Is a strictly science-orien-
tated college and many find this 
oppressive. At Muir, there has 
been a change Crom 6 to 4 science 
courses and thus, the pressure 
is eased. 

Provost Rappaport, of the 
Third Collet{e, has Initlated a 
series of conferences on the 
curriculum with students; hope-
fully this will be expanded also 
to Include rules and regulations. 

BROWN (continued) 
The university has an obliga-

tion to use its powerful force to 
revitalize this society. At pres-
ent its function Is merely to 
train people in the perpetuation 
of already corrupt institutions. 

The university must play a 
dynamic role in changing society. 
The entire forces of the univer-
sity should be focused on the 
problems we face today. Pro-
grams should be instituted that 
deal with these problems, along 
the lines of the USC 6-semester 
program and the Fourth college 
program at UC Santa Cruz. 

At present, although UCSD has 
caused much controversy by its 
mere presence, it has not been 
very active in facing the current 
social problems. As an answer 
to the question - should a moral 
judgment be placed on professors 
who allow the use of University 
facilities for the production of 
war materials - 1 feel first of 
all, it is often said that the Hu-
manities majors are here at the 
grace of the science majors. 
We should recognize the fact that 
much oC the money which comes 
into the University is tor war 
purposes. Nonetheless, moral 
judgment should be placed on 
those who perpetuate this . The 
University of California recently 
got out of the Institute for De-
fense Analysis, but they returned 
to it on the grounds that the y 
felt their withdrawal was taken 
by many people to be mere kl.uck-
ling under to student pressure. 

BERT WEINER a junior, psy-
chology-biology major. 

ministration oriented. Policy 
should be determined by the pn-
lire group concerned, not Ju st 
the ruling elite. 

l:CSD stacks up well in regard 
to this orientation. During last 
year, just before the Thanksgiv-
ing holiday, I remember many 
students planned to skip their 
4 p.m. language classes. In great 
foresight, the administration 
cancelled those classes. ThUS, 
the administration went along 
with the student feeling. This 
type of thing is good. 

The curriculum should not be 
determined by the students. The 
students do not always know what 
is best. For example, in the 

atural Science sequence, it was 
good to have physics first, be-
fore taking biology and chemis-
try. Many students wouin't have 
realized the value in taking these 
courses in this order. 

1 think the Revelle College 
philosophy of many broad re-
quirements is a good one . How-
ever, there should be some choice 
among the various areas. For 
example, instead of having to 
take certain courses, i.e., hu-
manities, we should be allowed 
to choose from among seve ral, 
such as philosophy, history, and 
literature. 

It is my belief that students 
particularly as freshmen, are 
not in a position to choose the'ir 
courses, and oten lack the ma-
turity to make sound judgments 
regarding rules and so on. Thus, 
the faculty and administration 
must fuUiU this job. 
******1It .... 1It**1It** 

The university s hould have a 
relation to the community such 
that individuals which it pro-
duces should be oriented in such 
a way that their drives and ener-
gies and knowledge should work 
for the overall good of the com-
munity of man. 

The univer sity is the best 
judge, because it is an academ-
ic community, and by its separa-
tion from the community has a 
bette r point of view than those 
within the community. 

The university should do what 
it can within the community but 
its prima:y duty should be duca-
tion. The much spoken of 
"image" )f the university is not 
important; th university should 
merely be able to present facts 
amI d Wlt~1 \:lilt \II w pulhl. 

A.S. Senators -- the official representatives of the students 

No matter how much some 
professors think that "science 
Is a reality," a great deal of 
our course material is indoctri-
nation in a.nti-reality. Hind th se 
courses very stl'ltlfving. 

The role of the student in the 
university is necessarily limited 
in that he is the ward of the 
facu lty. As a result, his views 
should be subordinate to tho e of 
the faculty. Admlnistrativ mat-
ters should be more stud nt-
faculty oriented, rath r than ad-

The student must act as liason 
between the academic mmunity 
and the out sid community. SOlin 
h will assume thl role as 
emtssary, but now he should 
merely discuss, and take to the 
community the views of the aca-
demic communit as whole. 



page 6 4 June 1968 

Students' Role In the University 

Dr. Armin Rappaport, C;hairman of the History Department 

Murphy Clarifies Legal 
Structure of University 

Amid the cries ofstude}ttpower 
heard on campuses toa'ay there 
seems to be considerable con-
troversy developing concerning 
the decision making process and 
power structure ofthe university. 
To clarify this question with re-
gard specifically to the Univer-
sity of California the TIMES 
spoke to Dean of student Affairs 
at UCSD, George S. Murphy. 

In theory, the University of 
California is not structured as a 
partiCipatory democracy. By 
constitutional provision it is 
viewed as a public trust and 
virtually absolute responsibility 
and accountability for the in-
stitution is given to the Board 
of Regents. Over time increasing 
regental authority has been dele-
gated to the president of the 
university and the chief admini-
strative officers. In turn they 
have delegated their authority to 
the respective chancellors of the 
nine campuses. 

However, Murphy emphasized 
that there is a s ignificant dif-
ference between the organiza-
tional chart which depicts author-
ity and responsibility, and actual 
practice. L'l reality, the chan-
cellor must cons ider the opinions 
of all groups that comprise the 
academic community before ma-
king any decision. 

"The paper s tructure shows 
the chancellor as literally the 
chief administrative officer of 
the campus . Many persons draw 
from that the infer ence that the 
chancellor is king and he issues 
his bolts of lightning from on 
high and they s trike here, there, 
and elsewhere . In point of fact 
that s imply isn't the way this uni-
ve r s ity or any university runs. 
The Chancello' doesn't operate 
with that degrt ~ of freedom - if 
he does he is not long chancel-
lor." 

Fir s t of at the chancellor 
must have the -espect of his fa-
cu lty. The aca 1emic senates at 
the various campuses have in-
creas ingly bee 1 given authority 
to make deci ;ions concerning 
academic affair s . 

Furthermore, Murphy said, it 
is becoming : ncreasingly evi-
dent - Berke.ey in 1964 and 
Columbia in 1968 - that the same 
analysis applies to the s tudent 
body. However, several prob-
lems arise when one speaks of 

udent power. 
First oC all, Murphy felt that 

the term student power carried 
the underlying assumption that 
there are certain areas that are 
the e xc I us i ve concern of one e Ie-

ment of the university commun-
ity. ThiS, he said, is nonsense, 
since every decision made on the 
university level affects all ele-
ments of the community in some 
way or the other. 

"The problem on this campus 
is not that students don't have a 
voice, but that their voices are 
largely and tragically unknown." 

The Committee on Educational 
Policy of the San Diego Division 
is now seeking ways of involving 
students in a review and formu-
lation of curriculum. It seems 
that this is rather unique, since 
no other campus has tried to 
involve students in curriculum 
policy to such a degree. 

Given the UC structure the stu-
dent body will admittedly always 
be operating in an advisory ca-
pacity - sometimes tothe faculty, 
sometimes to the administration. 
However, it is extremely un-
likely, said Murphy, that we will 
develop a faculty or chancellor 
who Will ignore good advice. "As 
an administrative officer I would 
expect to ignore good advice at 
my own peril." 

What Murphy suggested, then, 
is that the issue is not so much 
the paper structure of the uni-
versity as it is the way in which 
those in the theoretical positions 
of authority involve all the ele-
ments of the university com-
munity in the day to day decision 
making. From his viewpoint, this 
would involve the joint involve-
mnet of faculty, administration 
and students at Virtually all levels 
of responsibility and concern. 

Third College Provost Foresees 
Greater Student Participation 

TIMES: What should be the tween living and studying. I don't see there they are reallypartlci-
role of the student in the univer- think there's a natural division pating in the curriculum. And a 
sHy? between the two. friend of mine told these Black 
RAPPAPORT: Heel very strons- Times: What happens when there students that when and iC we find 
ly that the students have SOME is an actual disagreement be- such a guy I'll ask him to talk to 
role in the government of the tween the students and the faculty the Black students to see what 
University. What I'm not sure or administration--when the stu- course they might like . 
about what that role is. To make dents make a recommendation. TIMES: One thing that' s being 
a simple analogy, but I think a that is unacceptable to one of the talked about now is a new type 
useful one, you have children in other two groups? of organization of college govern-
a family, don't you. You know RAP: It's not going to be a mat- ment which would do away with 

" that the child can't tell the parent ter of the students recommending the AS and replace it, campus-
when he should go to bed if he's to the faculty--that's what I'm wide, by committees of faculty-
ten years old, but you know that against. What we're going to do is and students that really held the 
the child has some role, some have a committee of seven--two power to make decisions. What 

rig~ts, some responsi~j)j.ty. The students, let's say two faculty, do you think of this? 
major problem is flldllg out two administration and then one RAP: You may not know that I 
where those responsibilities lie. chairman, in case there's a dead- taught at Berkeley for 18 years, 
And what I've been trying to find lock; when they will vote it will and [ came from a very mono-
out for the longest time is just by by a majority. lithic campus. And the reason I 
what do the students think their TIMES: Doesn't the ultimate left there. (l ha~ a very com-
role should be. In short, what authority though lie with the fortable Job-sentor professor-
aspects of the university life do provost?" couldn't have a better life) was 
they think they can legitimately RAP: Yes but the Provost had that I th~lUght that more could be 
take part in - visiting hours in the respo~sibility of accepting done. SlZe, to me, immediately 
the dorms, the kind of furniture the committee's recommenda- rules out interexcllange. That's 
in the dorms, the hiring of pro- tion. It won't be the students' Whr Jefferson always hoped that 
fessors, and the types of courses? recommendation or the faculty's w~ d never have a ~il?: co~trv. 
There are so many areas and recommendation or the admini- I ve decided that I m gollg to 
I'm sure that any student would stration's rec~mmendation--it pass up every opportunity for me 
realize that some he is not com- w1ll be the committee's recom- to become an imperial potentate. 
petent to participate in, others mendation. I won't care how the So, coming back to this, I would 
he should have the preponderant committee comes to its recom- be agains t campus wide govern-
voice. There was an article by mendation. It is possible that ment unless it were federated, 
the editor of ~he Harvard daily one student and onefacultymem- unless there were COll:~ gov-
newspaper II the New York ber may vote against another ernments, which might JOll •••• 
Times recently. He tried to set student and faculty member. TIM ES: That's exactIywhatsuch 
up areas where students could There are no solid interes ts-- a structure would entail. 
take part in the government in each is an individual. RAP: Well, then, that's good, 
the college. I'm going to have TIMES: Do you feel the student I'm all for it - a federated sys-
lunch with the outgoing and in- also has a role in such com- tern. And one of my chief con-
coming presidents of UCSD to mlttees as curricula planning cerns is that students will have 
find out just what committees for budget, and the like? 'to be the most important in-
the third college students should RAP: I'm not sure ••• I haven't gredient. The most important 
participate in - not only to parti- thought about that enough.-Cer- aspect of any college is the nature 
cipate in, but to have a voice in tainly curricula planning. As a of student government. Now Re-
the government of the Third Col- matter of fact, the Black stu- velle has a good plan in the 
lege. dents called on me recently and otfing. doesn't it? 
TIMES: You say that students maintained that we oug~t to have TIMES: It has a good plan, but 
should have a greater role in a black teacher teachllg Black whether or not it will be workable 
government. Ultimately, though, hfst?ry. They came to me as remains to be seen. 
isn't the question of just how chairman of the history depar~- RAP: Well of course every poli-
much a role they should play up ment, which [ am. And I saId tical institution takes trust. In 
to the administrators. that it was an awfully reasonable other words a political institution 
RAP: Well really, in the illlal recommendation and one that the is based on the lactthat honorable 
analysis it's up to the admini- History department also, as a men are going to use honorable 
strators, but the students must matter of fact, is interested in. means to achieve honorable pur-
really themselves suggest where Right now I'm in the process of poses. As soon as you get one 
they feel they can most profitably finding a Black historian to teach guy who is a thief, you have to 
be situated in that r espect. I'm black his tory next fall. So you kick him out oC the system. 
sure there are some aspects 
they're not even intere3ted in 
participating in. Some are very 
boring and troublesome. Nowone 
of my tirst concerns is the nature 
of the dormitories for the third 
college. I have some ideas about 
the dormitories. For example, I 
don't want to have units of more 
than 60 students. What I want to 
do is to try and break down as 
much as I can the difference be-

[p)~ [lj.\~~ @~~~~~~ 
[M©~~ ~©@[f)rn~ti\ lr~©[ro 

Roge"r De Laix, professor of 
History at UCSD sees the role of 
the students in the university as 
one of an active participants in 
academic affairs, but not in ad-
ministrative aCCairs. The main 
reason that students cannot have a 
say in the administration of the 
university is that they represent 
a body that exists in theory only. 

Since undergraduates remain 
at a univer sity for four years at 
the most, the term student body 
is meaningless, since its com-
position is constantly in flux. 
Furthermore , student leader s 
are usually seniors and hence 
are neve r in a position oiauthor-
ity tor more than a year. 

Consequently, DeLaix con-
cludes that the students cannot 
be given much responsibility in 
administrating the university. He 
justified this by claiming that 
student demands change quite 
frequently. What the students de-
cide today they might want to 
reverse tomorrow. 

The student is basicaUy ant!-
traditional, he said. He wants to 
throw off the mores of SOCiety, 
but when he gets to be 30 he has 
a vested intere in things and 
his feelings change. "In admlni-

strating a university one has to 
use moderation, and the students 
are not the most moderate 
group." 

De Laix felt that there defi-
nitely were areas in which the 
students should have a large say • . 
Certainly they should participate 
in decisions that concern student 
liCe on the campus, such as dorm 
policies. Also, they should have a 
great deal of influence in matters 
concerning the curriculum. 

However, DeLaix drew the line 
at anything much past this. Any 
intrusion into administrative and 
faculty affairs he t~rmed "in-
tolerable." Student control over 
the hiring and firing of profes-
sors would be "impOSSible." 

"The administration cannot be 
denied its responsibility," They 
are the only onces responsible to 
the community, the politiCians, 
and ultimately the electorate. 

The optimum situation, ac-
cording to De lAix would be a 
greater s haring of the responsi-
bUlty between tbe three groups- -
faculty, students, and admini-
stration. At the present moment 
the students do not have their talr 
share of this responsibility. 

.. 

. . 

%ron ~ _ _ 14 June 1968 paqe 7 

Isolation or Involvement? 
POJiin: University Should Play a 
Revolutionary Role in Society 

"The student revolt that is 
occurring around the world to-
day is largely a result ot the 
fact that students feel that the 
University is not performing the 
function that it s hould." These 
are the words of Professor Ri-
chard H. Popkin, chairman of 
the Philosophy department at 
UCSD. 

What is the function of the 
University? According to Popkin 
it is twofold. Its first function 
is of a conservative nature --
to pre serve the learning of man-
kind up to this point. The se-
cond is somewhat revolutionary-
to constantly criticize society 
and explore possibilities. 

It seems that the former is 
more or le ss being fulfilled sat-
isfactorily today. However, the 
same cannot be said of the lat-
ter and considerable controversy 
rages over this question. 

Popkin elaborated on this 're-
volutionary' aspect of the Uni-
versity. First of aU, the Univer-
sity s hould enlighten the com-
munity as to the nature of the 
problems it faces . Then it should 
challenge the community to r e -
cognize its deficiencies. Finally, 
it must be a beacon light, lead-
ing the community towards an 
improved world. 

To many the University may 
look like a menace. The com-
munity will orten be hostile to-
wards the proclamations made 
by the academicians which they 
happen to disagree with. How-
ever, the University must speak 
out, Popkin said. otherwise it 
will be failing mankind. After 
all, the people in the Univer-
sity are those who are supposed 
to be experts in their respec-
tive fields, and who should be 
the most concerned with the pro-
blems that face all of mankind. 

Popkin is very concerned about 
the political pressure that is and 
can be applied to the Univer-
sity. "It is becoming a danger 
in California and will be even 
more so in the future." There 
are some , he said , who believe 
that the University should be 
responsive to the public, since 
it is they who are funding the 
instutution. 

Such an attitude destroys the 
concept of academic freedom. 
Persons who profess such an 0-

pinion generally view the Uni-
versity as a machine, the func-
tion of which is to turn out 
training workers who will be 
productive in their line of work. 
Popkin stated that one must ex-
plain to them that the Univer -
sity has many functions. It is 
the main agency that is respon-
sible for coming up with new 
ideas and exploring new direc-
tions. This role is a crucial 
one and is perhaps the most 
important one. 

Popkin criticized the attitude 
of many, both on and off cam-
pus. who become over-special- . 
ized. He referred especially to 
the attitude of many scientists. 
They concern themselves so 
much with their particular fields, 
he [eels, that they are complet-
ely compartmentalized. They fail 
to see any relation between the 
overwhelming problems that face 
mankind and their own lives. 

How should the University go 
about !uUilling its role as a 
'revolutionary?'Popkin said that 
it should be both an individual 
and University eftort. There 
should be more publications, pu-
blic lectures, and discussions. 
The University extension cour-
ses have been very effective. 
They have promoted contact be· 
tween the University and the 
community, and an exchange of 
views. Popkin would like to sel:' 
many more public forums ofthis 
nature in the future. 

Within the University itself, 
more subjects connecting studies 
with the problems of the world 
should be initiated. The Unive r-
sity should try, in every way 
it can, to involve itself in the 
community. It should use its 
influence whenever possible --
"The University should not re-
main neutraL" 

Popkin commented, finally, on 
what the individual and the Uni-
versity should do about problems 
that are not black and white, 
but require a moral judgement 
to be made. He r ecommended 
that some restraint be practi-
ced in this area. since the re are 
a lot of factors to consider. For 
instance, one might be opposea 
to accepting money for defence 
work aimed at helping the war 

effort, but might later find that 

Dr. Russell Doolittle, Professor of Biochemistry 

something beneficial came out 
of his research. 

However, Popkin reserved the 
right of anyone to make value 
judgements. He said that the 
economics of higher education 
have created an unfortunate sit-
uation where faculty members 
must accept federal funds ear-
marked for specific uses,or fore-
go the chance to do any research 
at all. He felt that far too much 
money is going to science - an 
overemphasis of one area of 
academic pursuit. 

The over-all purpose of edu-
cation, according to Popkin, 
should be to make the world a 
bette r place. One can never iso-
late his studies from reality. 
The University holds the respon-
sibility of offe ring solutions to 
the problems of mankind. 

Doolittle Sees Greater 
Role For Scientist 

Dr. Russell Doolittle is a pro-
fessor of Biochemistry at UCSD. 
Recently, he ran for the Congress 
of the United states. He did so 
because he felt that as a s cientist 
he had the professional knowledge 
that might prove to be a signifi-
cant asset in attempting to deal 
with the ove rwhelming problems 
faced by mankind in this day 
and age. 

In the recent California pr i-
mary Doolittle was defeated by a 
narrow margin. His defeat has 
only made him more convinced 
that the scientists can add a lot 
more to society than the y are 
presently contributing. He was 
especially concerned about the 
qualifications of the man who 
defeated him. This man was a 
profe ssional military man who 
stated that he was opposed to 
any law tMt would infringe upon 
the "right" of American· citi-
zens to carry firearms. 

Doolittle stated that a scien-
tist can decide just what he should 
do by being completely objective 
and dispassionate. He s hould look 
at the Earth from the viewpOint 
of a person situated on the planet 
Mars. In order to make value 
judgments he should use the de-
gree of human suffering as his 
criterion for evil, and the degree 
of human well-being as his cri-
terion for good. Doolittle sug-
gested that the current viewpoint 
of the scientist is one of a mid-
dle-class guilt-ridden white 
American. 

By using the above method, 
Doolittle claimed that a scientist 
could decide in any situation 
what he should be doing. Further-
more, one would be led to con-
clude by this rea oning that the 
scientists today are not doing 
enough at all. 

Doolittle stated that the scien-
tist of toda y is failing in two 
respects. First of all, he is 
failing in his role as a teacher, 
both to those who ar to become 
scientists, and to the layman • 
Secondly, he is failing in the 
manner in which he employs his 
knowledge. 

The science sequence at Re-
velle College is on which both 
science and non-scienc students 
must make their way through 

during their fir st two years at 
UCSD. Russell Doolittle has been 
a part of that science sequence, 
but he has come to the conclusion 
that it is moving in the wrong 
direction, especially for those 
who will not make a caree r out 
of the sciences . 

The problems of today ar so 
immense, yet the sc ience cour ses 
relate in no way to them. The 
sc ientist seemingly tries to iso-
late himself from the wor ld 
around him. Doolit tle cited sev-
eral ways in which the cour ses 
should be related to current pr ob-
lems. A discussion of the pr oper-
ties of molecules could be re lated 
to the probiem of air pollution; 
the concept of power in physics 
could be applied to the question 
of mass rapid t ransit; t he tech-
niques of Biology could be used to 
deal with the problems of over-
population. "We must get away 
from E. Coli and view !'cience 
in the framework of hu man eco-
logy. " 

The scientist must not only 
concentrate his efforts in more 
meaningful efforts; he must carry 
the message directly to the public 
in every way he can. A myth 
has grown, Doo little said, that 
says that scientists know their 
bus iness in the iab, but outside 
it they are jus t like eve r yone 
else. He s trongly disagrees with 
this, and fee ls that the scientist 
is fa r better equipped to under-
stand th problemsof humansur-
viva!. By failing to speak out, 
the scientists are committing a 
sin of omission. 

" .\ e mus t get away 
from L. <.... oli and 
view science in the 
framework of hu-
man ecology." 

In his analys is Doolittle in-
cluded not only the biologist, 
chemists, and physicists, but tne 
social scientist as well. He blam-
ed the misuse of the television 
medium for many of the ills 01 
society; race relations, for ex-
ample, could have been much 
better iC T hadn't giv n such a 
distorted vi w for the las t 20 
years . Doolittle felt that any com-
petent psychologist could have 

fo resepn this long ago and pre-
scr ibed more beneficial uses for 
television. 

President Hitch oC the L.mver-
sity of California stated at his 
inauguration that the Cniversi y 
will become urban involved . :>00-
little sees this as a verno itive 
slip, and recommended a conti-
nual effort on tht: part of the 

" 1 he scientist 
m us t not only con-
centrate his effor ts 
in more meaningful 
efforts ; ne rr.ust 
carry his message 
directly to the pub-
lic. ' 1 

unive rsity to go to the p ople 
instead of waitmg for them to 
come to it. What is most ur-
gently needed at UCSlJ, he fe It, 
is a firs t-class school of educ,-
tion, part of which will be located 
in Southeast San Diego. 

Much is be ing said in this eiec-
tion year of the " new politics ." 
Russell Doolittle ' s attempt to 
capture his pa r ty' s nomination 
for Congress was certainly a 
pa rt of th is mcvement. This "new 
politics" is char acterized by an 
attempt to inject a new element 
into polit iCS. Traditionally, the 
gover nment has been run b' a 
group of prof .. sional pollticians-
mainly lawyers . DooHt Ie de -
plores this SituatlOn, which he 
termed "unfortunate ." Th I rob-
lems of toda ', h saId, are far 
too serious to be left to mall 
segmpn of the popu\.ltion. He 
would like to s e mor facultv 
mem rs and profes~Hlllal men 
enter into politic • Perhap thlS 
would ultimatei . r emoveth Stl'i-
rna now attached to politiCians II 
our coun" ry. 

As RU 5S Doolittle sees it, 1968 
is a ver} important year - it i 
a time for decis ion. Historically 
hU'"<U1 L.:iu ild"~ lO ll aituwl:!u 
to make mistakes. Th r i al-
ways somewhere els tn l'O to t r y 
again. But today the world ~ 
filled up - th r is no escaping 
our problems. If a committment 
is not made, and made soon, to 
make a concentrated effort to 
deal with the e pr oblems, all 
might be lost. 



page b __ _ 14 June 1968 

White Racism as B.S.C. Sees It 
It has been generally felt among 

the Black Student's Council mem-
bers that a formal statement of 
objectives, goals and purpose 
should be disseminated to the stu-
dent population of the University 
of California campus. The forma-
tion of the B.S.C. of UCSD gen-
erated around the need to socia-
lize with those to whom we could 
communicate on our cultural, bu-
galu leve 1. Hence, atleast atfirst, 
poses of friendship, comradship, 
love, and what was most impor-
tant, understanding. Each of us 
felt that we were alienated from 
ourselves, from our past, from 
our former ways of lUe. 

Each of us searched the cam-
pus for familiar Black faces, 
any Black face, a brother that 
we could at least say, "What 's 
Happening, Man," in that spe-
cial intonation and look that would 
connote a binding force between 
us. That Is not to say that we 
did not have white " friends," 
but that we knew that these 
friends did not and could not 
understand the adjustment pro-
blems, the identity problems that 
any person of color would have 
trying to live, associate, and 
succeed in the white SOCiety, with 
white values, with white manners 
and habits. 

For many of us we became 
the antithesis of what we were 
before we came to this campus. 
Inner frustration drove us to seek 
each other out at dinner, between 
classes, at night when "every-
one has at least someone to talk 
to," or seemingly so. We be-
came a tight group, with famili-
ar loving expressions. We tried 
to live the concept that WHAT-
EVER YOU ARE, YOU ARE 
BLACK AND BEAUTIFUL, AND 
YOU MUST BE WHATEVER YOU 
ARE. We tried to grow from 
our experience ofalienation from 
ourselves and from our race. 
We learned that one 's skin color 
Is a fundamental fact of life, 
whether we liked it or not, no 
matter what the Constitution and 
its Amendments s ay. We had 
learned this well in the "ghet-
to" we grew up in. But upon 
arrival to this university, we 
began to forget who we were. 

And then we realized that even 
if we did graduate, we could 
never pass for white, never be 
accepted in his SOCiety, never 
have his values. It became pain-
fully clear, and more clear as 
the months proved us correct, 
that the state in which our hearts 
constantly dwelled, was not love , 
understanding, or friendship but 
more hopelessness , frus tration, 
and desparation. We knew even 
too we 11 that being a "Negr o," 
being "Colored," was, at least 
in this country, wrong, evil, sin-
ful. 

In the classroom, in the dorms, 
in the cafeteria, we were con-
fronted with the ste r eotype ques-
tions, the attitudes of all kinds 
of white racists. Our brothers 
were considered 3lack Studs and 
were s ought aft !r by many li-
beral white bitc! es, each trying 
to get theirs . N·me of us could 
be consider ed Sf r ious s tudents , 
since of course lU Black people 
are lazy, incomp '!te'lt ;rrp<;non-
sible by nature. A~d this at-
tidue manifest~. , itself by the 
degradation we received in the 
classroom by .lther student s . 
Many of us came fr om poor educa 
tional backgrounds, not through 
any fault on our )wn, but because 
the public schools In our areas 
were of low quallty for reasons 
concerned white students should 
be well aware of. Our so called 
white " friends" would talk to us 
in private, but In public was a to. 
tally different matter. 

we feIt as if we were being 
pushed to become the stereo-
types. We would attend a dance, 
and do OUR THINGS. We became 

loud, obvious and inconsistent. 
And then, we grew out of this 
stage. We then wanted to retire,tc 
isolate ourselves trom all others, 
all other whites. We really learn-
ed the word HATE well, more so 
than when we lived in ourcommu-
nity. In the community we were 
not every second of our wakeful 
hours confronted with the prob-
lem, with our own incapacity to 
make change. We learned what 
ingrained fear and resentment did 
to each of us. A friendly kiss be-
came a kiss driven out of itself, 
a kiss of loneliness or depriva-
tion. Bitterness made us want to 
retaliate. 

For me, I began to crush stu-
dents in the classroom, proving 
to them that they were the infer-
ior ones. Brothers began to stop 

taking this shit, and verbally re-
taliated blow for blow, never lo-
sing. Our identity, our self-pre-
servation was at stake. We could 
not love those who have and will 
try to psychologically castrate 

~~~ l~a:~o~~t :a~k:~r~~:~t~:~ 
ner we began to fight. .. And for 
us, thi s is what Blackness means. 

Blackness means survival on 
every level. It means protection 
of one's psychic. It means self-
love, not ingrained self-hate by 
white racists and white libe rals 
alike. Blackness means doing 
well in everything we do, because 
we are capable of dOing well, and 
because we have a clear duty to 
our people. Our sense of hope-
lessness for making change was 
changed into a fervor unknown to 
each of us. We now knew what we 
were and where we wanted to go. 
We want to help our people not go 
through the kind of experience 
each of us endured. We wanted to 
develop programs where the Uni-
versity would he lp our students 
grow from a meaningful, positive 
experience, not a meaningful, ne-
gative experience . We wanted to 
give all the Black Students on this 
campus identity, purpose and di-
rection. We wanted for them to 
determine their own lives and not 
to have white y determine it for 
them. We wanted all our people to 
respect themselves and others. 
And wt: ·"a::t~d to p'iv all our bro-
thers and sisters s till in the com-
minity the value for higher educa-
tion, the value for dOing well, the 
wUl to come to a university like 
ours. We wanted to help recruit 
more minority students on this 
campus. And we wanted to make 
the University a more congenial 
atmosphere tor Black people, an 
atmosphere so that even the buil-
dings themsl!lves become racist. 

We must teach white people the 
kinds of attitudes, habits, idea. 
they may have which are raCist, 
or felt to be racist on our part. 
We know that CMI War In this 
country is near and we are afraid. 

Yet fear will not help us attain 
these goals. And we realized this. 
Hence, we have developedanum-
ber of serious and well-planned 
programs for the attainment of 
these goals. This past quarter we 
sponsored Inter-racial dialogues 
patterned much alter a sensitivity 
session with its emphasis on 
white racism. Each dialoger at-
tended four meetings, one a week 
for four weeks. The dialogers re-
lated on a gut level tothemselves 
and to others. They became more 
aware ofthe problem, and serious 
consideration was given to what 
white students can do. The Black 
Student's Council has initiated 
dialogues with undergraduates, 
graduates, and teaching assis-
tants, and high school students. 
We are now in the process of de-

veloping a dialogue profes-
sors, administrators, and facul-
ty members. The dialogues have 
proved to be at least a beginning 
to eliminate white racism. We 
tried to disp rove the stereotypes, 
bring out prejudices, and tried to 
help people come to a greater 
understanding of themselves and 
how they relate to others. 

Secondly, we have sponsored .. 
high school program where Black 
UC students whould be allowed to 
enter into the high schools inour 
area and explain the advantages 
of attending VCSD; of attending 
any university. This program will 
be further developed nex t school 
year. 

Thirdly, the BSC has initiated 
the drive for Black studies on 
this campus, that being courses 
offered on ACro-Amerlcan litera-
ture, history, SOCiology, linguis-
tics, cultural traditions, art and 
mUSiC, economics and others. We 
have been extensively meeting 
with professors and department 
heads trying to work out a pro-
gram so that UCSD has an Afro-
American Institute. It is felt that 
this is an absolute necessity gi-
ven the problems of our society 
today, the ethnocentricity of the 
University curriculum, the ob-
vious avoidance of anything that 
is not white. 

Next year we have expanded 
our program. We will continue 
all of the above in more depth. 
The dialogues will continue thru 
the summer. During the summer 
we will be involved with an edu-
cational aids program for the in-
coming Black and Brown students 
and a program of white orienta-
tion for people of color. We have 
developed a cultural series where 
Black actors, performers, speak 
ers will be brought on camppus 
through various organizations on 
campus. We have developed a 
training program for all white 
tutors who w1ll be tutoring in 
our community so that they do 
not unwittingly perpetuate the 
same problems. We have a pro-

gram of tryinjt to get more funds 
for Black students on campus. 

But despite all oHhese prob-
lems, which we have only briefiy 
explained, we have received op-
position, many times in a subtle 
form. Many of us are getting dis-
couraged the harder we work. 
Need we say more at this point? 

Within a years time we would 
like to see a tripling of the num-
ber of minority students, under-
graduates especially. We would 
like to see every minority receive 
an education which would speak 
to his needs, which would be be-
neficial tor the kinds of lives we 
w1ll lead. We would like to see 
that every minority student on 
this campus has at least a "B" 
average. and help him to attain 
this through projects of self-help 
and se lf-training. We would like 
to see this university establish a 
meaningful curriculum for all 
minority students, before the 

move in our community is to not 
go to school because of the nega-
tive experience all of us have 
heretofore received. And we 
would like to see this campus 
community become as racially 
unprejudiced as possible. Have 
we hoped for too much? 

It is to this end that we hope 
to solicit help from concerned 
white people who cohld help in 
any way poss ible. Funds are nee-
ded, office supplies are needed, 
but what is more important Is that 
we receive the full cooperation 
of all those who do recognize that 
a problem does exist, that a 
meaningful, viable tactic must be 
employed immediately. We need 
white people to scrutinize them-
selves, to try to help themselves, 
to civilize themselves. Think it 
over ..... WE HAVE. 
453-1195 Contact Makini for 
283-4820 further information: 

A White 's Viewpoint 
Something is very rotten in for our oppresive colonialist for-

white America. By now you and eign policy. But we seem deter-
I both know we are racists. If mined to continue the once gra-
we want to save our people from dual and now highly efficient 
ultimate destruction we have to extermination of all non-Whites 
cut out our cancer today. The im- in America. Furthermore, we 
mediacy of our fate makes it ne- take as much pleasure in the 
cessary for us to get together and actual act of destruction as we 
work out a prescription for our do in the ultimate result. Cer-
preservation now, since we are tainly we are destroying one 
the only means to that end. Since of the greatest boons to the 
we have all seen and recognized country. So why? Why also is 
the danger signals, I feelour im-
mediate goal should be the iso-
lation of the causes and an agree-
ment on a prognosls. What fol-
lows is a summary of my feelings 
on the roots of white America's 
malady, several observations, 
and a possible solution outline. 

There are two closely related 
aspects of white America which 
work together to cripple us. The 
more obvious is the competitive 
character of American lUe. The 
competition is certainly not lim-
ited to the economic sector of our 
lives. Virtually every aspect of 
our lives is governed by the same 
ruthless aggressions for which 
we look down on predatory. But 
this does not account for white 
racism by itself. The catalyst 
is our lack of identity. Isolation 
and alienation are possible any-
where , but we seems to breed 
them. There is no such thing 
as a white community in Ameri-
ca. Since we have no identity 
as white people in a white com-
munity, we s imply squash any 
real community. Though the 
search for identity Is a major 
problem, it is white America 's 
lack of a sense of community 
which, in its failure to alleviate 
the former problem is really 
the other major cause of white 
racism. 

Aggression and the absence of 
any sense of brotherhood in white 
America account for racism both 
on an Individual basis and as a 
group phenomenon. Money and 

aggression alone might account 

Education is t he key 

the whole social order of white 
America built on the act of ex-
cluding others ? We have very 
few open and inclusion oriented 
groups, only exclusive country-
clubs and fraternities . To me 
it seems clear that thi&allpoints 
to some serious failing on the 
part of our culture or lack there-
of. We have absolutely no sense 
of belonging. Maybe we do not 
give each other any reason to 
be proud to be white only a 

reason for not being anything 
else. Could we be so disgusted 
with ourselves that we just don't 
have anyone else left to whom 
we might be compared. We allow 
all subcultures of our community 
to retain unique aspects of the ir 
particular backgrounds. Yet we 
have squashed out every posi-
tive connotation of belonging to 
a non-white community. We pre-
sume to redefine the identity of 
others, and when we find anything 
really beautiful we simply in-
corporate it into our own cul-
ture, denying its true origin. 
Why? Is white ugly? 

So now we have to eradicate 
the sources of our racism. I 
think we have been given clues 
by non-Whites. First we must 
"civilize ourselves." But pro-
bably thi s cannot be done until 
we redefine our values which 
will happen quite naturally on 
the way to our major goal, the 
establishment of a white com-
munity. When you and I can 
draw on such an identity and 
have it give meaning to all our 
interaction, white can begin be-
coming beautiful. We will be able 
to communicate with complete 
understanding. The white man's 
biggest burden is isolation, both 
as an Individual and as a com-
munity, should vanish. We cannot 
expect non-whites to be our bro-
thers until we are our own bro-
thers. All of us. Only when all 
whites can i rust one another can 
we be trusted. More than any-
thing else we need a real white 
brotherhood. Stronger than any-
thing else, I believe we have 
a mandate for this. U is Iron-
ic that the action must start 
with us and yet I want to wor k 
with the words of a black man. 
IJlt's brJng our people home . 

.' 

The Last 
Four Years 
Dr. Ro er Revelle 

futon qJits 14 June 1968 ~~~~~----------------------------~ pa e 9 

iron A Review in Pictures & Stories 
~@l\!JOO l\.~11~l\.~ MOO~W~OO~O~~~~(I 

®~[f)~lro@ @!ro ~~WJ@~lrol1~q ~ c.\~WJ!L 111' 
W@OO~O~@ 11©@~11IX1~OO 

You who are graduating today are the 
real heroes of the University of Calif-
ornia, San Diego. Neither you nor the 
faculty knew how things were going to 
turn out when you began as freshmen 
four years ago, and I am sure there 
were many days when you felt more like 
guinea pigs than heroes. But perhaps in 
future times you will come to realize that 
you were part of a heroic age. I wish I 
could tell you how proud I am of all of 
you. 

CONFIDENT PLANS ARE GONE 

In the late 1950's, when my colleagues 
and I were planning the new university, 
I was more certain about what a uni-
verstiy should be than I am today. After 
all that has happened in the world during 
the last few years, it is hard to re-
capture the innocent confidence we had 
in those early days. I must also try to 
avoid inventing a history in the subcon-
scious hope of showing what knowledgeable 
and far-sighted prophets we were. 

UNIVERSITY A CENTER OF LIFE 

We started with one basic idea: For 
the world of the future, great universities 
will be the most important of the human 
enterprises. Several conclusions followed. 
First, we should aim to buUd a great 
university which would have a fair chance 
of becoming the best university that ever 
existed. Second, the twin tasks of a mo-
dern university, finding the truth and tea-
ching the truth, are not only each equally 
important, but inseparable. If they are to 
be well done, research and teaching need 
to be re lated continuously to each other 
In the minds of both the faculty and 
the students. Finally, our universitycould 
be great and important only if It were 
fully Involved with the world. instead of 
being a stage of preparation for life , it 
should be a center of lUe---the most 
intense and full kind of life---for every-
one connected with it. It could be neither 
an ivory tower nor a citadel of learn-
Ing, but rather a cathedral in the heart 
of the human city. And, like a cathedral, 
it would be constantly building and chang-
Ing, never completed or closed. Exper-

imentation and diversity must be its cen-
tral theme. . 

Planning and early development evolved 
from these conclusions. We concentrated 
at first on persuading great research work-
ers and teachers to join us. Such men 
were not attracted by the salaries we 
were able to pay but they could be caught 
by an idea and by other men---outstanding 
colleagues in their own fields. Hence. 
we started with graduate instruction and 
research, building up one department at a 
time, bringing together enough great men 
In each department so as to be able to 
offer a first class Ph. D. program. In 
ot~r words, we began to build our cathe-
dral of human minds and spirits by start-
ing with the roof, just the opposite of the 
the way most universities have begun. 

A VARIATION ON OXFORD 

Our second Innovation was more radical. 
This was the idea that the campus should 
consist of a series of small semi-auton-
omous ·universlties·. The concept had 
its roots in the undergraduate colleges 
of Cambridge and Oxford, but with the 
basic differednce that In our little uni-
versities, graduates and undergraduates 
would work side by side, and research 
would be completely interwoven with 
teaching.. Because of the small size of 
anyone universlty, the circle of porsOO2l 
communication of each student and each 
faculty member, would, In fact, be lar-
ger than the usual giant campus. More 
Important, the number of faculty mem-
bers would be small enough so that they 
could, through reasoned discussion. per-
suade each other about possible educa-
tional experiments and changes. Thus they 
would be able to act to bring about change, 
and not simply react to changes imposed 
from outside. 

PATTERNS WILL ARISE 

I believe Revelle College has developed 
more or less along these lines. It remains 
to be seen whether the other colleges 
wlll follow different patternr based 0" 
new experIences and new inSights. If so, 
I shall feel that our early h"pes have 
truly been fulfilled. 

Jr. rto:;-!,· .t. Revelle and ChaJlcellor John ~ . :Ia'bra:~ h di.,·-:u<;s UCSD's future at the 
dedication of Revelle College in October 1365. Dr. Rev':! lle, a past director of Scripp:; 
institute of Oceanography, cOllceived of 3. large UC campus for San Diego made up of 
small, "semi-alltollomow, " coll '3ges in the ea::\y fif ties. 

Chancellor John Galbraith 
~©11JL~@~ ~\{~I1~[pjJ [f)OO@WO@~~ 
~OOWOOO@~~~!roi1 ~@OO @OO~~i1~OO 

~©!M!Ml\Dlro~~~ i10@~ 
In a sense I am a member of the class 

of 1968. I arrived with them in 1964, and 
I depart with them. The campus had a 
very dUferent appearance when the first 
undergraduates appeared from the way 11 
looks today. The first class, 181 students, 
were a minority In a community which had 
been exclusively devoted to research and 
graduate education. There were not any 
traditions to which they could respond, 
no upper-class men who could provide them 
with information and misinformation a-
bout the nature of the University. With 
great zeal, these first freshmen set out 
to establish patterns of undergraduate life. 

pristine enthusiasm has, regrettably, 
faded. But I hope members of the sen-
ior class as they review their four years 
at UCSD can truthfully say that they have 
been involved in a stimulat ing intellec-
tual experience. A college system doesn't 
guarantee that education will be more per-
personalized than in a conventional univer-
sity.It merely provides an environment 
which makes communication easier for 
those who wish to communicate. I hope 
that the faculty of UCSD will continue 
to contain a significant element which will 
have a commitment to undergraduate ed-
ucation. UCSD has a prestigious facul-
ty, and I expect it to be recognized in 

They formed the ASUCSD, a newspaper- time as one of the distinguished univer-
then called Sandscript-appeared at ir- siUes in the countr'y. I hope that its dis-
regular intervals, and a number of ·In- tinction In research will be matched by 
stant traditions" were created, includ- the quality of education on both the grad-
in -the watermelon slat. Much of th uate and undergradua~ levels . _ 
P r esident Charles Hitch 

lW ~ $@ [f;] (!JJ ~ 11 (ro @11 (ro~ @ lLrn ~ 11 
~(!JJOO[;J~lro ~OOO~~~(1 O(ro ~l\DOOOO©l\D~@O~@ 

~~lro @~rn@@ ~©~~(l)JlroOi1\{ 
\ 1~' \\ 

i1!" /~ 
I, 

I In the past century the University (If 
California has built a world renowned 
educational institution of nine unique cam-

~ses. It has played a central r ole in 
the State by contributing its knowledge 
~ J to the improvement and advancement of 
'J society. The members of UCSD's first 
~ graduating class have seen the campus 

. in its for matlve years build within the 
the University system its own special 
approaches to seeking and transmitting 
such knowledge. 

• UCSD w!1l reach its maximum growth 
within the three decades. It is spread-
Ing in new directions, its goal to build 
twelve semi-Independent residential col-

With these and other strengths , l'CSD 
will be a vital factor in Southern Cal-
ifornia's growth and prosperity. The fact 

that it is one of the largest employers 
in the county demonstrates the economic 
vigor which a '!Diversity brings to an 
area. 10st of .ts graduates will settle 
in the state , bringing further economic 
benefits. The campus will continue to at -
tract additional research-oriented indus-
tries, and in science and medicine, l:C D 
and the county are already dramatizing 
the strengths to be gained from commun-
ity-universitv cooperation. 

':~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~!I~I.~i!5!~legeS' its dream to come as close a& • possible to the concept of an ideal uni-
versity. filii...... We can be proud of the progress at-

As t;CSD explores new worlds in the 
classroom and be ond, it cannot negl ct 
the world of ~urban crisis" that hes 
nearby. The Uni"ersity is taking its 
first teps to help solve the economic, 
social, racial , and environmental pru-
blem encompassed in this crisis, util -
izing it s major fun ~t1on' of education, 
researCh, and public e rvice in nE'w, im-

aginative wavs . \\<p rp ing th ;,un-
port of all Californians in thi endea-
vor. 

tained under Chancellor Galbraith's lead-
ershlp. Distinguished scholars and re-
~~~;;~~::~5~~~;;: searchers in the humanities, social sci-.~l.!I'!'w;ji ..... v..; ences, and sciences already ha e been 
~;li!j.~ attracted here, among them two obe l 

~. Laureates and 21 members of the a-
tional Academy of Sciences. The cam-
pus is committed to a major research 

D H be t F York chancellor of UCSD from December 1961 untU December 1964, library to support its goal of academic a~dtsert!l: CO~plP.t!~ 0; Urey Hall back in 1963. Dr. -{Ol·:C 'II the expansion of!be excellence, wnd a new medical school 
campus's scllol:l.stlc offerings into the Humailitles a~ the School of Science and En- with an outstanding faculty will open this 
g1neering became the First C01l362 of 1. ;Jlalln!lti 1 ~-coll~ege UnIversity. fall. 

The Unlve rsity h s completed 100 ~e<lr<; 
of se rvice to the people of Cal ifornia. 
As its graduates prepare for the ch~ 1-
lenges ahead, th y w!ll find uncounted 
ways oC sharing with th University and 

the ate a spirit of common endeavor. 



ASUCSD Presidents 
Loolc to the future 

Larry Baker cutting the ribbon to the bridge in the was of th& 
ASUCSD whe~ the idea of the college system was first inaugurated in the Univ. of Calif. 
He also participated in the plans for a student-run coffee hut and saw the first battles on. 
campus concerning the student newspapers. 

Larry Baker 1964-1966 
(Editor's Note: Larry Baker was one of 
the organizers of the lsisociated students 
in the summer of 1964. Next Fall he will 
be one of the first students to enter 
UCSD's new Medical School.) 

A contagious enthusiasm was brought to 
UCSD by the tirst freshman class in 
1964. Early that summer, communica-
tion between future classmates reached 
the stage of formal newsletters, regu-
lar beach parties, and much organiza-
tion and planning. By the tlme classes 

began in September, many students bad 
already become old friends. 

The excitement of pioneering the new 
campus resulted in an early burst of 
s tudent activity, the focus of which was 
the formation of the A.S. A constitu-

tion committee was chosen, a conven-
tion was held, and the first officers were 
elected, all within a few s hort months. 
Much student involvement stimulated a 
growing unity among the members of the 
first class; everybody could and did par-
ticipate in some way to the birth of the 
ASUCSD. 

The Associated students Is now four 
years old. Elections are s till held, sen-

ate meet ings per s ist, and the treasur y is 
much stronger , but the fruits of these 
student efforts are not all that obvious. 
The A.S. has not blossomed into the 

effective wor king force envisioned by its 
early founders. The reason, I think, 

is a lack of continued student unity. The 
UCSD students are very independent, and 
they find their own sources of enter-
tainment, culture, and fun. They will 
not be bothered by a powerful A.S. 

Although such independence and diver-
sity tends to isoiate students from large 
organizations (such as the A.S.) I think 

it Is a healthy product of the academic 
should be so patterned or structured 
as to stifle the free thought and action 
required in real education. The A.S. 
may be too structured to be effective · 
in such a free-floating environment. 

On the other band, a common complaint 
is the gross disorganization of and lack 
of communication between the student. 

faculty, and admintstrapive sectors. Of 
memorable notes: the effectiveness of 
language program; the 1965-66 Revelle 
dormitory -riots·: the consistency and 
stabUity of graduation requirements; and 
more recently, the united views on the 
graduation e xercise format. 

The remains of the charter class of 
Revelle College and UCSD wUl be grad-
uated on J une 14, but the quiet commence-
ment ce r e mony should be an obvious con-
tr ast to the sounding of trumpets heard 
at the firs t freshman orientation picnic 
and barbeque . Only the graduates will 
hear the inne r noise of triumph and ac-
comphishment and hope , that so meday the 
rewards of their pioneer ing efforts might 
be felt by someone . 

Thomas Shepard 1968-1969 
'In 1964 Revelle College opened its 

door s to 181 students. Those 181 fresh-
men were impregnated with the seed of 
an IDEA, an IDEA which had the potential 
to revolutionize higher education. Since 
1964 that idea, which started out as the 
common bond of the Univer sity com-
munity, has under gone changes. The IDEA 
has survived crises. The IDEA has , in 
part, been rejected. But, there still exists 
in the minds of many of the pioneers the 
dream of a great univers ity where one 
can acquire the experiences of growing 
and discover ing without being lost in a 
mass of humanity and a myriad of com-
pute r circuitr y. 

Current ASUCSD President Tom Shepard 

As I said, the IDEA has survived 
cr ises . But our community of s cholars 
now faces a problem that is more severe 
than any in the past - a problem qhich has 
the potentia l to destroy the idea. Our com-
munity of scholar s and our atmosphere of 
mutual respect and concern between all 
segments of the academic community is 
deter iorat ing. The deterioration is not 
the fault of any individual group. The 
blame lies , if anywhere, on a rapidly 
expanding population and an ignorance of 
history. But the impor tant fact is that the 
deter ior ation must be stopped now, before 
the school is too big and the unders tanding 
is too s ma ll. 

The s tudents must educate themselves 
concerning the necessity of responsible 
member s hip in the community. The faculty 
must be willing to make sacrifices if 
they ar e to accept their responsibilities 
to the UCSD exper iment. They will have 
to take the initiativej they will have to 
re-awaken the trust and interest of the 
students. They must convince the s tudents 
of the importance of our educational 
experiment. 

In the end, the responsibility for the 
realization of the IDEA will lie with the 
one group that still retains the pure, un-
tarnished, and unpolluted idea that we 
started with. That group is the Class of 
1968. These alumni may not be a group 
of rich philanthropists for several years , 
but this , the first graduating clas s , must 
always carry with it the IDEA. 

And when UCSD loses its way or falter s 
in its cllmb, the Class of 1968 must be 
ready to re- Inject the concept of the 
community of scholar s into their suc-
cessors. They mus t be r eady to remind 
us that the IDEA will work, an optimism 
they r ece ived over four years ago when 
the journey had jus t be~n. 

.1 
Richard Moncreiff, pr esenting Chancellor Galbraith with a loving cup at his 50th birthday 
celebration (1966), met with student referendums, politlcal agitation and other headaches 
during 1966-67, but sparked the Coffee Hut to completion early in 1967. 

Ric ltard Moncre iff 1966 -1967 
(Editor 'S Note: Richard Moncreitf is study-
ing Biology at Brandeis University atter 
graduating from UCSD last year. He will 
continue his graduate studies next year 
at the University of Miami.) 

As the concept of student power takes 
form, the signlficance of university stu-
dent governments in the movement is 
being tested. Using the errorless ex-
planatory power of hindsight I would like 
to evaluate the performance of the ASUCSD 
last year in two major problem areas: 
the first concerning administration, the 
second dealing with student power. 

Last year at UCSD it was fortunate that 
all instances of student activism went 
through and tested the performance of the 
new syste m. The response was the creation 
of formal bodies, such as the Publication 
Board and the Joint Committee on Student 
Affairs, to deal with the problems. Un-
fortunately, these committees, especially 
the latte r , were conceived to be im-
plemented as crisis warranted, whereas 
their worth as educational tools would 
be much better served if they were in-
stead used as forums for continuing dia-
logue. 

These remarks are hopefully as perti-
nent to the future of the ASUCSD as the 
past. Perhaps the most relevant s tatement 
with which I can conclude is to admit that 
in a time when the student voice is be-
ginning to realize ' its potential, student 
governments, if they are to have a signifi-
cant effect, need to be planned and run 
with intimate assistance from the ex-
perienced minds of professors and ad-
ministrators. In this way student govern-
ments can help the academic community 
achieve r eunity. 

The original plan, as I review it now, 
may have been too structured. It was 
predicated on the assumption that the 
amount of work one put into a volunteer 
job was primarily related to the in-
trins ic value of the job. In student govern-
ments, jobs have largely prestige value. 
Thus the idea is to create many high-

prestige poSitions, many of them non-
essential, but each of which carries a 
small burden of essential chores, cleverly 
masked. A job can be made prestigous 
if 1) it includes supervisory --power over 
others, or 2) it is accepted that tbe goal 
of the job has high value to the society. 
The latter requires good salesmanship, 
which sometimes worked; but the tirst 
criteria is a sure one. Hence eachpos1tlon 
advertized supervisory power over anyone 
the person could recruit to help him. 

This sytem worked well in the beginning 
and motivation was high. Paradoxically 

enough, the reason it finally let down was 
because the higher heads of the govern-
ment were themselves not well enough 
organized to keep the now of commands 
to the workers fast enough to maintain 
their interest. Thus it seemed that some 
of the lower-level structure was super-
fluous at that time, and that real help 
was needed in passing legislation to give 
the executive a reason to create structure 
and standardized procedures. The results 
were, first, the creation of an A.S. execu-

". tive office, connected to the Office of 
student Affairs, whose members and pro-
cedures would not change with each ad-
ministration, and secondly, an emphasis 
on the legislative, or social and institu-
tional pattern changing aspects of govern-
ment. 

I! it is possibie amid today's confusion 
to return to fundamental principles, Amer-
ican universities stand among those de-
caying institutions which could benefit the 
most. In the 11ght of fundamental prin-
ciples, university officials could give 
more productive response to the phe-
nomenon of student activism. These dis-
plays of tremendous energy are seep in 
motivational terms as opportunities to 
teach students to evaluate their ideas 
and methodology in the knowledge of con-
temporary political thought. Accordingly. 
student governments should provide form-
al means which merge student leaders with 
professors in such instructive efforts 
dealing with r eal situations. 

-~-~ 

Ric lt ard Altenltoff 
1967 -1968 

Mayor Curran 
Praises UCSD 

On this, the occasion of the first grad-
uating class from the University of Cal-
ifornia, San Diego, may I express my 

most sincere greeting and congratulations 
to those of you who have achieved this 
first important plateau in your fives. 

The addition of your university to our 
City has produced many changes, not 
only for you, but also for the entire 
City. Your university is fast becoming 
r ecognized as one of the finest instit-
utions of higher learning in the nation. 
Your school of Oceanography is second 
to none, and is one of the main rea-
s ons why San Diego is looked to as 
the oceanographic research capital of the 
world. 

In other areas also, the Univer sity 
of California, san Diego, is making its 
presence known and felt in our commun-
ity. You have outstanding faCilities, an 
outstanding administration and a faculty 
who's expertise has contributed immea-
surable to the cultural and scientifiC 
growth of San Qiego. 

The close cooperation which has de-
veloped between your university and our 
City has bee n invaluab Ie, and it will 
gain added importance as the probiems 
which face our nation and the entire 
world become more and more complex. 

q(ittIQ ~ 14 June 1968 page l' --------------------~ -----------~~~------------------- ------~----

Re-live Four Years' Highlights 
UCSD undergraduate history began al-

most four years ago on August 19, 1964, 
when a group of 18, self-appointed initia-
tors of the Class of 1968 got together 
to form a student government. Even be-
fore classes had begun in October, these 
freshmen had already begun thinking about 
the ultimate organization of the Associated 
students and the students ' role in the 
University. 

N ow a senior, Janet Albin chaired the 
ad hoc committee during that month in 
1964 which drew up an enabling cons ti-
tution to allow s tUdents to organize from 
some base. The first s uggestion was an 
Association of Men's and Association of 
Women's Students to supplement the As-
sociated Students , but this traditional gov-
ernmental structure was found unworkable 
at the new campus of the Univer s ity of 
California. Tbe enabling constitution was 
approved during the fir s t orientation week 
of Revelle College, and students drew lots 
to decide who would be the officers pro 
tempore until a permanent constitution 
could be ratified. The results were announ-
ced at the Orientation Week dance. 

While freshmen were discovering the 
intensitv of Revelle'S curriculum, the 
Convention, which presented a constitution 
to the students, who approved it at the 
general election in November. 

Finally the first officers of the AS came 
into office after an intensive campaign in 
December. Larry Baker became pres-
ident, Janet Albin became vice-president, 
Bob Murphybecame comptroller, and Ter-
ry Barker, chief justice of t he Judicial 
Board. All {our students are graduating 
tOday at UCSD. 

During the first year, the Class of 1968 
formed many of the starting points and 
traditions for the campus . A mascot--
the Triton--was approve d (Hot Curl lost 
out); an honor spirit was ha mmered out 
with much conce rn on the part of all the 
students; and the waterme lon- splat was in-
augurated after the phys ics final was over 
in June 1965. 

Among the more controvers ial subjects 
facing the AS during the firs t year was the 
connictbetwee n the AS Senate andJ-Board. 
The Senate began writing bylaws for the 
Board, but ran into cries of subve rting the 
authority vested in the judicial body ofthe 
AS. Eventually the matte r was se ttled 
with apologies from the Senate. 

Another controversy arose over the 
affiliation that the graduate students on 

campus should have with the AS. At UCSD 
grads, by definition, are members of de-
partments and not of colleges. This poses 
a problem s ince undergrads are or ganized 
according to college . When given the op-
portunity to join the AS the first year, a 
s mall turn-out of grads overwhelmingly 
voted against affiliation with the AS. Only 
this year (1968) have the grads come a-
round to organizing their own asSOCiation, 
which will possibly join the AS sometime 
in the future. 

Compulsor y AS fees, meanwhile, were 
voted in by the undergraduates on March 
5, 1965, the tally being 101 to 35 . Since 
181 freshmen comprise the student body 
on campus, this turnout r epresented an 
80% vote- - -well within the Regents re-
cent ruling that compulsor y AS' s must 
be approved by 2/3 of the s tudent body 
in a general e lection. The fee was set 
at $2.50 per quarter the firs t year , and 
was upped in Spring, 1967 to $6.00 per 
quarter. 

During 1964-65, fr eshmen wrestled with 
other, more gene ral concerns: dorm life 

was r estricted to leftover mar ine bar-
racks in Camp Matthews (whose name, 
was soon changed to Matthews Campus!). 
Building 250 in Matthews , now the dilap-
idated home of the student Affair s Of-
fice, was home to 75 daring frosh who 
cooked their own meals until a cafe-
teria could be set up. Fifty others lived 
in the Married students Apartments south-
west of the campus until the first in-
cr ement of Reve lle's dorms was completed 
in Winte r Quarter of 1965. 

Too, apathy ar oused much concern 
among students . Little social life existed 
on campus and s tudies took up the ma-
jority of their time. 

Elections, neve rtheless, attracted 90% 
of the under grads to the polls in May, 
at which Baker and Albin were re- elected 
for another term. 

1965 -1966 

When the freshmen arrived for their 
sophomore year and wer e joined by a 
new crop of almost 400 Tr itons, the firs t 
strains in the college system, envisaged 
by Roger R. Revelle a decade earlier , 
began to sneak before the newbor n AS. 

By Roger Shaw Ley 
to act on the matter. Meanwhile, a me m-
ber of the Sandscript newspaper had 
informed the press in San Diego that 
a student strike was about to take place 
on campus. Immediately, cameramen and 
reporte rs arr ived featuring Harold Keen 
of KFMB-TV. 

The next morning, the rules committee 
accepted the chancellor 's recommen-
dations for reforms , and instead of the 
sensational rally planned for noon, the 
gathering in Revelle Plaza became an 
opportunity for announcing the results. 

Almost ali ofthe Interhall Council mem-
bers res igned, mainly because of the fa ll 
in their grade averages . In the end, the 
students had won a compromised victor y, 
but had restrained themselves from extra-
legal action. 

The AS, meanwhile , revised its constit-
ution to r eflect the philosophy of gove rn-
ment based on the colleges . Richard Mon-
creiff (first year graduate student at Bran-
deis) was elected preSident, and Jim Hef-
lin (a junior at UCLA) became vice-
president in the Spring elections. 

1966 -196 7 

1966 rolled around with a r ecord num-
ber oC freshmen enrolled: 625. Several 
hundred students occupied the newly com-
pleted dorms in Matthews, and Argo and 
Blake Halls began construction. The sen-
sational events of the fir st quarter were 
the involvement of Pres ident Moncreiff 
in a campus party with liquor, and ttle 
following week his arrest for contr ibuting 
to the delinquency of minors. Dean 
George Murphy, Acting Provost Hugh 
Bradner and Chancellor Galbraith inter -
vened on MoncreifC's behalf, and the 
charges were dropped, but he r esigned 
his office. The AS Senate refused to r e-
cognize his act, and he continued as pres-
ident. 

The student body, for the fir s t time, 
became attracted to political matters this 
third year when Gov. Reagan proposed a 
tuition charge at the Univers ity in Jan-
uar y, 1967. The Students of the Indepen-
dent L€ft organized an ad hoc comm ittee 
to send a bus load of Tritons to Sacra-
mento, and the Senate allocated $980 
for that purpose. 

Soltman Impressed By 

Provost Edward Goldberg favor ed ab-
solute college rule , which would have pre-
e mpted any need for an Associated Stu-
dents on the campus-wide scale . Presi-
dent Baker .counte red with the call for 
-co-existence- between college and AS, 
but Goldberg went ahead with plans for 
a Revelle student government. The s tu-
dents went to the polis three times be-
fore they finally agreed on an organiza-
tion styled after the present dorm sys -
tem of government. The AS, however, 
remained as the strong arm of s tudent 
power. Apathy and uncertainty about the 
nature of college government proved to 
be the basic reasons for Revelle' s fail-
ure. 

A referendum on the action was in-
stituted by the residents of Ogden Hall 
in Matthews and the student body over-
whelmingly turned down the Senate's al-
locution. The students went to sacreamento 
anyway on their own money. 

Comm ittment And Intellect 
(Editor's Note: Dr. PauEaitman completes 
his first year as Provost of Revelle Col-
lege today. Among his popular moves have 
been the abOlishment of the Upper Divis-
ion Language Requirement. saltman is a 
professor of Biology and comes to UCSD 
from USC.) 

There are two distinguishing qualities 
about Revelle College that have made a 
most profound impact upon me since com-
'ng here nine months ago. The first 
was the intellectual companionship and 
pedagogical commitment of a most dis-
tinguished faculty. Their personal warmth, 
interest, and excitement in teachcng, and 
their fantastic creative scho!;\rship pro-

vided a rich environment for me as an 
escapee from an ·underdeveloped area-. 
The second quality was the impress ive 
intellectual capacity of the undergraduate 
students. Never have I had the privilege 
of teaching and working with a group of 
students as bright and alert as in the 
Biology quarter of Natural Science. 

There are too few of the premier grad-
uating class with whom I have had suf 
f1cient contact. Those that I do know are 
superb. They are humane beings, under-
standing of and concerned with the so-
ciety in which they live. At the same time, 
they are equipped with the knowledge and 
curiosity as well as the mental facil-
ities to live and work as intellectuals 
for a lile-time ahead of them. 

If they bear scars from - educational 
experimentation·, I think that they are 
but superficial ones. More important, 
as part of educational innovation, they 
have been strengthened by some of the 
vital experiences and attention showered 
upon them by a faculty very mueh con-
cerned with their development. 

The question was asked, ·What is the 
role of the Provost in Revelle in r e-
lation to students and faculty?· Perhaps. 
the answer I gave to NeU Morgan after 
breaking a leg is stU! Significant. It 
is the ability to bear pain. Increas ingly, 
the role of the college administrator be-
comes more confused. I came in with 
the idea that a good Provost should some-
how be a scholar, a student and a cata-
lytIc agent to bring all scholars and all 
students together in some kind of mean-
ingful educational environment. He must 
also provide leadership and assume both 
the authority and responsibility for the 
continued deve lopment of the Colle ge. 

We will know more about the signif-
icance of Revelle 10 years from now 
when we see what kind of an impact our 
students have had upon the world In which 
they live. I! we can measure their suc-
cess only in terms of acquired wealth 
or superficial prestige, we have failed. 
I!, on the other hand, we see by the imag-
inative application of iuotellectual talents 
they have made our society a better 

one in which to llve, then we may all 
be proud. 

The AS fook a back seat during much 
of the year as controversies developed . 
over the dorm rules and newspapers. 

In March, 1966, George Kurata (a se-
cond year senior at UCSD still and past 
president ot Alpha Phi Omega) became 
president of the Interhali Council in Re-
velle, and with his predecessor, Steve 
Harter (a junior at UCLA) and RoyVerdery 
(a UCSD junior and ex- editor of the In-
dicator ) instituted an amateur coup'etat 
on campus. In mid- Februar y, 1966 , the 
Interhall Council suddenly announced that 
new rules would take effect immediately 
in the dorms. When Chance llor Galbraith 
r eceived a copy, he asked all l2 stu-
dents involved plus Provost John Stewart, 
Carlos Blanco (currently director oC the 
Madrid Study Center of the Univer sity's 
Education Abroad Program), and aul 
Libby to discuss the matte r in bis office 
at 3 p.m. , ·classes or not.-

Alter the 1 1/2 hoor confe rence, four 
students joined with Dean Bob Topol.ovac 
(student Activities ), Acting Pr ovost Brad-
ner, stewart, Blanco, and Libby in a 
committee to revise the rules. The chan-
cellor did not accept the committee's re-
commendations initially, and the Interhall 
Council called a general meeting of Re-
velle dormies In the Revelle Cafeteria 

Vietnam occup ied much of the students ' 
concern last year as the United State s ' 
commitment grew materially. The SIL 
sponsored ra llies and lectures through-
out the year , while Young Republicans 
countered with their own speaker s . 

The newspapers, inevitably reflected 
the trend in dialog when the Tr iton Times, 
founded in Janua ry, 1967 by Renney Senn 
(a senior next year at UC LA) challenged 
the Indicator (under editorShip of Tom 
Rado, now gone from UCSD) as the of-
ficia l newspaper . 

Spring elections saw senior Richard 
Altenhoff and junior Hers Sweetwood 
take over as president and vice-presi-
dent. The Senate had become vlrutally im-
potent the last quarte r because three 
of its members rarely attended meetings 
and President Monert' ill acted alone in 
dealing with the problems that contin-
ued to arise . 

1967 brought mountint; s tude nt interest 
in politics and the co mm unity. On cam-
pus the fir s t c:-: .. I. .. "1->...,"."" " II~" Hit:: 
cafeterias were ' closed- to a La car te 
service. The Senate initiated action ~f'ter 
40 students walked into the Reve lle 
Cafeteria and refused to pay the full 
pr ice xf a meal. Thi controversy was 
solved this quarter- by a student and 
faculty committee when the Prophet Com-
pany Food Ser vice wa succe ded by 
High Continental and agr ed to ·open· 
the caf terla to all. 



1965-1966 

The 
Last Four Yeors 

~ 

In ·Pictures 

1967-1968 



UCSD Has Had If's Share of 
Newspapers In Four Years 
In UCSD's four-year history there have 

been a number of publications ranging 
from newsletters to newspapers which 
have started up and then slipped into ob-
livion for various reasons. 

The first student publication was a 
newsletter edited by Michael Boylsol\ which 
was sent to the incoming freshmen before 
their first semester of classes. (UCSD 
had the semester system for the first 
year of its undergraduate existence.) This 

.. newsletter was published every two weeks 
with the use of offset printing equipment. 

Primarily, the letter was designed to 
acquaint all the freshmen with each other 

Mickey Fred Eileen, and the whole gang provided the Tritons with a memorable and have a regular communication be-
evening, in a show especially for them on March 31. tween them so that those In this first 
__ ..;;.;. ____ ...;..--..;--------------------- class would not be entirely strange to 

Gary Curtis one another when school began. 

In the Fall of the second academic 
year, Provost Edward Goldberg, intent 
on maklng the college the only organ for 
student organization--in contrast to the 
Associated Stl,ldents--supported the rival 
Revelle Times with Revelle College funds. 

During this same period, numerous 
fly-by-night publications came on the stands 
for a single edition and then vanished. 
Over the year, four or five such publi-
cations were read by student.s 

Then, as a tesult of Intense rivairy and 
Intense discussion, the two newspapers that 
had lasted through to the end ofthe second 
school year together, as weeklies (sort 
of), formed a combined paper, appropri-
ately called the Sandscript Times. 

A.S. Activities to Improve 
The letter was designed to end its ex-

istence as soon as school began, but at 
the behest and support of the Dean of 
Students, the publication was maintained 
as a daily bulletin. 

In the Fall of 1966 the merged paper took 
on the name of The Indicator under the 
editorship of Roy Verdery, now a junior. 
This paper went through several editors 
and has continued to publish ever since. 

Bringing the situation up to date, the 
Triton Times began publication under its 
founder, Renney Senn, a junior, in the 
clsoing weeks of the 1967 school year. 
n has already published for one year 
and will begin the next with its second 
Registration Week Edition. 

I would like to take this opportunity 
to assess this past year's activity cal-
endar and to discuss the type of calen-
dar for next year. 

The activities began with a beach 
party and picnic at Scripp's Beach. There 
was plenty of food but unfortunately what 
could have been a great time was ham-
pered by poor weather. We then moved to 
the upper campus the usual dance fea-
turing , among others, The Sunshine Co., 
!eanut Butter Conspiracy, Linda and the 
Centaurs, and others. Interspersed be-
tween the dances were such nights as 
the Old Films Night, Cyrano de Berger-
ac, UCSD Night at Mickie Finns, enter-
tainment at the Coffee Hut, beach party 
and food eating contests . 

Next year, the gymnasium will be avail-
able, solving many problems of space and 
set up, and making feas ible the pos si-
bility of bringing big name entertainment 
on campus . Also to be lncluded in ne xt 
year' s events will be a s late of lectures 
discussing political and social questions 
pertinent to the academic community. 

It you have any suggestions or would 
like to serve on the Activities Commlt-
tee, contact Misti at extension 1918. 

Thank you for making this year such a 
success. 

After some time, however, the staff 
of the Bulletin fe It that the publication 
was not sufficient to handle campus com-
munication adequately. As a result, the 
Sandscript was begun with a high school 
newspaper format. 

Shepard's AS Administration More History 
Carries On with Innovations 

A contagious enthusiasm was brought to 
UCSD by the first freshman class in 
1964. Early that summer, communica-
tion between future classmates reached 
the stage of formal newsletters, regu-
lar beach parties, and much organiza-
tion and planning. By the time classes 
began in September, many students had 
already become old friends. 

A great change bas come over the 
Associated Students in the last six weeks. 

Among other things that have happened 
are 1) regular Senate meetings (seven 
in fact, in six weeks!) 2) appointments 
to committees 3) far-reaching plans for 
next year, and 4) an available president. 

A.S. President Thomas C. Shepard, a 
junior next FaU at John Muir College, 
is primarily responsible for the sudden 
energy in the A.S. Unlike his predeces-
sors, Tom has come on s trong with in-
dications that he will continue to improve 
the A.S. throughout his term. 

Each morning at 9am, hom has been 
present at his office in Matthews Cam-
pus to carry out the promises he made 
during his campaign. 

For a start, the much publicized "mar-
quees- which Tom thought of, to pub-
licize campus events, have been looked 
lnto by the new Publicity Commissioner, 
Jim Magill. The lighted boards will an-
nounce all lectures, concerts and s tu-
dent activities so that passing motor-
ists and students will be aware of coming 
attractions. 

Next, Tom has worked closely with 
Dr. John Goodkind, the faculty member 
on the A.S. Senate, to lnvolve students 
with the Academic Senate and its deci-
sions. Already students have been placed 
on an Academic Senate Committee con-
cerning racial problems. "This is the first 
time in the history of the University of 
California,· says Tom, "that students have 
been accepted by the faculty as equal 
voting members on one of their commit-
tees.- The A.S. President is sure that 

the trend will continue. 
To make fellOW students aware of the 

importance of the A.S., Tom has been ' 
a deep interest in gollege government. 
He goaded the eight Senators on a few 
weeks ago to allocate money, for the first 
time, to Muir College's Provisional Gov-
ernment. 

Tom has also begun shaping plans Cor 
expansion of the popular Coreee Hut, which 
the A.S. is ope rating for the second year 
In the eucalyptus grove south of the Hu-
manities- Library Building. Next fall the 
Coffee Hut may expand its operations to 
include an ice cream parlor in the soon-
to-be evacuated Snack Bar in Blake Hall. 

The excitement of pioneering the new 
campus resulted in an early burst of 
student activity, the focus of which was 
the formation of the A.S. A constitu-
tion committee was chosen, a conven-
tion was held, and the first officers were 
elected, all within a few short months. 
Much student Involvement stimulated a 
growing unity among the members of the 
first class; everybody could and did par-
ticipate in some way to the birth of the 
ASUCSD. 

The Assoclated students is now four 
years old. Elections are still he Id, sen-
ate meetings perSist, and the treasury is 

Students may see the advent of pret- much stronger, but the fruits of these 
zels and mustard on campu s next year, student efforts are not all that obvious. 
if Tom succeeds in getting a Pennsyl- The A.S. has not blossomed into the 
vania concern to fly the large, frozen effective working force envisioned by its 
bread pretzels out to UCSD. early founders. The reason, I think, 

Finally, Tom has taken an active part Is a lack of continued student unity. The 
in extra-UCSD affairs by helping to or- UCSD students are very independent, and 
ganize the CalUornia Federatlon ot stu- they find their own sources of enter-
dents, which hopes to involve all of the tainment, culture, and fun. They wUl 
state's college, junior college, and unl- not be bothered by a powerful A.S. 
versity students. He has made it a point Although such independence and diver-
of representinlt UCSD at the UC-AS sity tends to isolate students from large 
P~esident's meetings .each month, and he organizations (such as the A.S.) I think 
Will set up his own office away from cam- it is a healthy product of the academic 
pus this summer at Berkelev. h ld be tt d t t d Next year UCSD's under grads can look s ou so pa erne or s ruc ure 

.. as to stine the free thought and action 
forward to a busy and conscientious pres- required in real education. The A.S. 
ident, who w1ll .cont~ue to serve hus may be too structured to be effective 
friends and enemies alike. in such a free-floating environment. 

TO ALL GRADUATES 
WE WISH YOU THE BES T OF FUTURE 
AS YOU PUT ONE STEP FORWARD. 
DO COME T O VISIT US WITH YOUR 
FRIE NDS FOR THE LAST TIME AND 
A N EMBA LMING MEMORY. 

-n.e CoHee Hut 
Michael Langham, the new director of UCSD's repertory theatre, discusses his plans 

.. Chancellor John Galbraith and Muir College John Stewart. R~MMRMM~M~M."'MM.MiWMIJIMMMIII.~MItIMItIIPIf 

Claus von Wendel molds pipes into sculptural forms. 

14 June 1968 pa e 15 --~~-=-~ 

Third College Plans to Involve 
Itself with Local Community 

Dr. Armin Rappaport will head the he happened to know, and will confer with 
Third College when it beglns operation him this summer. 
10 1970 as Provos t, and is currently In addition to a program simllar to the 
chairman of the History department at one at Buffa lo, Rappaport hopes to have 

.UCSD. He has very ambitious plans aimed lectures by professors Crom the Third 
at bringing the univer sity close r to the College in the San Diego community, and 
community, both through the cur riculum to have students go into underprivileged 
and university-sponsored extra- cur ricu- ar eas to tutor. 
Iar activities . 

Rappaport first plans to Integrate mem-
bers of the community into univer s ityli!e. 
To do this he plans to ask some pr om-
inent san Diegans to take part in Uni-
versity activities and perhaps se rve on 
college committees. "By this means I 
hope to get sound ideas from Intelligent 
Iaymen who are not directly connected 
with the college. Very otten people like 
that have better ideas because we are 
very myopic about our own college.· • 

When it comes to the university helping 
the community, Rappaport has several 

Wendel : UCSD Needs More 
By,] oe Z Goodman 

A rt .deas. He has already appointed a com-nittee headed by Andrew Wright of the literature department whose sole func-
tion w11l be to work out means and 

University involvement in the com-
munity thr ough the curriculum will be 
quite evident in the Third College. Rap-
paport said that a major to be entitled 
·social issues· is already planned for. 
This major will involve a number of 
· lab" hour s that will actually give stu-
dents the opportunity to work in san Di-
ego, especially in the southeast section. In 
doing so, they will gain first hand know-
ledge of the conditions and will be able 
to analyze the situation so as to suggest 
solutions t o the problems. The major 
will Include a number of options for fields 
of e mphas is , such as sociology, political 
SCience, and psychology. 

Rappaport was asked about the possi-
bility of opposition from political groups 
to his ambitious plans. He replied that 
there have always been those who think 
that the University should be ins ulated 
from the outs ide and be an ins titution 
dedicated to pure reason and thinking. 
ThiS, he said, is imposs ible today; we 
must bring our intelligence to bear upon 
the problems that face mankind. Inspeak-
Ing to me mbers of the community, Rap-
paport said that he has found only st rong 
support for his ideas . He didn't think 
that the opponents were a ser ious barrier 
to him. 

On the south side of the bunding is 
a mOdel of the supporting columns for 
the new main library. Von Wendel plans 
to make a relief design on either side of 
it if he finds some material. 

Many students have noticed the three 
boulders on the lawn north of Urey Hall. 
These rocks, donated by the senior class, 
were chosen by von Wendel and are 
going to be placed by him to form a 
sculptural setting. The boulders weigh 
from 7 to 14 tons each. 

UCSD is very fortunate to have Claus 
von Wendel In the Architect and Engin-
eering Department. He is involved In the 
design and construction of creative land-
scaping and various art forms. Anybody 
who has passed by the western end of 
the A &I E building probably has seen 
a few of his pieces. 

Von Wendel is deeply concerned about 
the lack of sculpture and other art forms 
on our college campus. He said that the 
campus needs more harmony and contln-

The most notable one is a 32 foot uity, and that more pieces of art placed 
sculpture made out of 6" iron pipe. on campus could solve this problem. 
It is in the form of a tree, with twelve He suggests that attempts be made to 
branches, each representing one of the get off campus firms to donate funds 
future 12 colleges, and also showing that or material for this purpose, as PSA 
knowledge in all its dllferent forms and has done for the Revelle fountain. This 
branches, from science to art, belong fin- would give our campus more character. 
ally to one body. Unfortunately this Because at this lack of funds von Wendel 
piece is placed in a relatively fucon- has to work with scrap ~aterial that 
spicious spot on campus, but perhaps he tlnds. 
it could be moved to a better site. Claus von Wendel was born In Germany 
r--------------...., where he received his education. He im-

HAVIll' VISITORS '1 
WHY NOT PUT THEM 
UP AT THE QUIET , 

COM FOR T AB LE 

LEMON 
TREE 
MOiEL 

JUST 5 MIN. UP THE 
COAST IN DEL MAR. 
SWIM YEAR ROUND 
IN THE SOo-POOL 

WATCH FREE T ,; . . 
WAKE UP IN THE 

MORNING TO JUICE 
COFFEE & DONUTS 

EXPENSIVE '1 
THROUGH JULY 25, 
MENTION THIS AD 
AND RATE IS ONLY 

SlO.OO for DOUBLE 

PHONE 755-4494 

1049 
CAMINO DEL MAR, 
DELMAR., CALIF. 

migrated to Canada in 1960 and moved 
to La Jolla-in 1966. 

We hope that this good start will be 
encouraged and thank the A & E De-
partment and Claus von Wendel for their 
efforts. 

4****************~ 
: COSA ELECTION :: 

* Six students were elected to * 
* COSA (Committee on student af- * 
: fairs) last week. They will joln * 
* three faculty members, who were * 
* recently elected by the Revelle * 
* faculty, to write a constitution :: 
* for the government of Revelle * 
* College. * 
:: The turnout for the eiection * 

was rather poor, with only 396 * 
:: of Revelle's undergraduates vot- * 
* ing. The students elected were: * 
* Michael Brown with 240 votes * 
* Tom Baer, 236, Bill Retner , 233: * 
* Susan Smith, 192, Carl Neiberg- :: 
* er, 166, and Sharon Wilson, 147. * 

* * * The faculty members who will * 
* serve on the committee are Nor- * 
:: man Kroll of the Physics dept., * 
* Carlos Blanco of Literature, and ** 
* Robert Burton of A.M.E.S. Blanco * 
* was elected in absentia; he Is * 
* currently on leave. * 
* Three members of the admini- * 
* stration will probably be ex- * 
* officio members . They a re Tom * 
:: Hull, Dean of Revelle College, ** 
* Ann Conklin, Res ident Dean, and 
* Bob Cavanaugh, college counse- ** 
* lor for Hevelle. * 
* Starting next quarte r, this * 
* com mittee of twelve will bevln * 
* work on the Revelle cons titution. * 
* When it is completed it will be * 
* submitted to both the student body * 
* and the faculty. Chancellor Gal- * 
:: braith will disignate the mini- ** 
* mum number of each that must 
* vote in order for the results * 
* to be valid, and the constitution :: 
* will be passed by a two-thirds 
* majority. :: 

;****************~ 

methods for involving the university in 
San Diego. An example of this kind of 
Involvement occurred recently itt Buf-
talo erected a store In a Black disad-
vantaged area of Buffalo staffed by a Black 
person from the university. His job was 
to put up a shingle In front of the store: 
"state University of New York at Buf-
falo-Community Office.· When peo-
ple from the community saw this they 
would inquire of him what he was there 
Cor. His reply would be "that's for you 
to say. · It was decided that what many 
people wanted was to be taught how to 
run computers, so the university started 
a night course run by a professor from the 
university. 36 black persons were trained 
who became computer punchers and got 
jobs. 

Rappaport felt that such an incident 
was a good example of direct action on 
community problems. He wrote a letter 
to the president of that university, whom 

As for political issues , Rappapor t felt 
that the University could not take a stand 
as an institution; it didn't have the r ight 
to do so, being a public institution nor 
could anyone person or body of pe ~sons 
really speak for the entire univer sity 
community. Hovever. as individuals, 
everyone could and should speak out on 
the issues and make the1r feelings known. 

Pr~vost Arm.~ Rappaport,. lett, lunches with AS Pres ldt>nt Tom Shepard and Muir Sen-
ato: Jo:\ Co Ins to get Ideas for student involvement in Third College deve lopment 
Th!<; s~~m e r, Shepard and hi.s executive secretary Roge r Showley will recruit student~ 
for 0 ,," .. 1 lous planning committees needed in the college to be opened in 1079. 

Visual Arts Dept. Expands 
The Visual Arts Department, one of the 

newest departments at UCSD is rapidly 
expanding. In its second year of oper-
ation, the Visua l Arts Depart ment of-
fer ed courses as part of the Muir Col-
leg2 Humanities Sequence as weli as 
upper div ision cour ses for art ma jors. 

In th coming yea r, the departm nt will 
expand still surther . Harold Cohen will 
be UCSD' s firs t artist in r esidence. Mr. 
Cohen is an ab ract painter who r c&ides 
in London, England and will be in res-
idence for the entir academic year. 

The curriculum of the Visual Arts De-
partment will also be expand d. The Muir 
College Se uence will be expanded to four 
courses. L addition to the introductory 

ar t history course and the present courses 
in Surfaces and Repi esentation a course 
in three-dimensional structures' will also 
be of Cered. More advanced students will 

able to take th • intermediate pro-
blems courses . 

Twoyear '>:;ry!::c :::!r.~!r :!::!"~.'.'.'C:' 
able to take a fasclnatlng introductory 
a rt his tor y course from CCLA art pro-
fessor, Dr . Hoxie . In the commg y at 
three new courses In ar t histor y will 
be offered. These include a cou rse III 
the Italian Renaissance which will be of-
fered In the fall quarter, as we II as courses 
In Nineteenth and Twentieth Century Art 
which will be offered in subsequent quart-
ers. 



MEET DENNIS BARR. 
He read all these texts the first 

15 days of the semester, with 
excellent comprehension . .. and, 

HE mLL HAD TIME FOR 
A NIGHT OUT WITH THE aoY5~ 

OUR GRADUATES CAN READ AN AVERAGE NOVEL IN-30 MINUTES · 
\ 'lUI"1I prub-lol} )J} InJr .tI1)lHlr'lJIt SL.IIn thrtHI~h JII ,h,))(' hk)k). hut DenniS 
reJJs {"\'cr) \\!lrJ It, 11)1Il,L! the Rt.·JJIIl.l! D\Il.II11h.' [c.·l.hlll\luc . Il(~ rr,lJs u\er 
;000 \\url.h J nHmllt' At du." 1x-.elllll!!1\.':: til 1.1,)[ \t"I1l{'\fcr 1)(,I1I1IS dcuJeJ to 
fNd JII u( hi) .. I.th Il"'h III l"'I'r, I\'-" hI> j:rJll(" ,II1J It) hJ\ (" 111\ 1ft ' ICI)IIrt' I unto 

Jurm~ th,· )tI1lC5trr Nu ,t \\ J'II f J ' \r.lIll ttl.lrJdltlll Del1lll~ )01111.10 time 
ror 11I~ pCf)nnJI rtJJln.:.: JIlJ ~UU.lt 11tt.- I \('11 III IllS IJ'\ [C\h Oel1l1l5 rJfrl) 
fJIi\ hcl, \\\ 1\00 \\llrJ, ,I I11lmll(' HI) \.HlIlrn.:hc.l1lhlll I) l'\ldtCIH 
1 he \fJII.., tl lo.) .II1J Jrl.ul., Jrc Ihll 1I\t'rluo;"('ll DUlIlI' I\Jrf 11.IrIleJ rill) 
Jm.IIIIl.L! reJullIJ..: 1l\("i!ukJ.if {lie R("J,11I1.~ D\lUl11h,"I II1~rlhlf( ' 

WHO HAS TAKEN THIS COURSE? 
U\(! f ;00.000 (,wJ,,'nt., h 1\(,' h<.'lIdlttJ (,r.h,hIJtt'~ nrrt.')cnt members 
o( PrC'"Jem I\.ellllt'J\ ., '(Jt t, ~' IlJh)rS hU"II1(,)\I1l(,II , 11Iul~\\ IH!:\ , hl,1!h khool 
JnJ «,I k~t ItIlJCIlI> JIlJ !-u;, I"'''r'c f ,,1111 J II \I JI~> IIf "fe 
t,'''r1t' u/'rlllfrt' /11 I',ldl,"1 /111/ I lut r IInlt 

TIME MAGAZINE SAYS 
TI M r ~IA(,AZIi\.1 . 111 rcl~r"".c II) RCJJlIl~ D~I1Jl11ll> IInrOlt on Ou r nallOn·s 
les,slJtors SJ"I \).·JlllIll~h'" hJS ,f"n nnthlll).: ,,~c II "nle the Ui)'S "hen 
TtdJ)' R.."cvrlr ItJJ threc h.>oLs. Jar anJ rJn th.LOuntr) at tht same t.m.> 

SENATE LEADERS PRAISE METHOO 
[NATO R TALMADCL (;etlrj;oa . Ihe gr •• ltlt 111)5" Sltp "hoch ". 

co.dd ,Jl •• n ..JU\.IIf.II1.1 P"'.~'css .. SP-JA TOR PROX 1\1IR r. \'(I.scnnson. 
~)nc ~lf (he most lI~ful cJu<..ath\IlJI ('xp<·f!('Ilt.<.'s I t\t'r had " 

EQUAL OR IlEnER COMPRIHENSION 
Wllh Ihe ReJJ !n,; D),ulO" , lIlNhnJ . l"U <CJJ e\er)" \lord You do nOI scan 
You Ic.",. 'tlh'",]II'. J ,k.ll . Ih.II"'''''"S \Uti In reaJ f" .. ..... I\llh e<j"al or 
!xllcr uIlJcrslanJ tn.~ tllJIIlhe J\crJ.~e rC.I Jcr 011, J\e<2;:' h,.duate reaJs 
4' 11m" f.Stt, \\l lhout SJlIoft\lII~ ,,,mr :thtmltltl M,s \X'nod says. ·· My 
\tllcents Jo nOt read' time" fJ\(cr b) reJJ1I1~ c\(' rr "Ith ":HJ , but hr r~aJlns 
\ tomes .s I11Jllr \\o,ds 111 the )JlnC Itnf!lh of t.me . 

for groJuo,ion and birthdoys give 
whofonhip unifieat •• , 

Dynamic r.odi"V"1ill. 10" 0 1if.'i,....1 

~WM~WM --- Evelvn WOOd_ctZJ· __ -if ACHIEVEMENT WARRANTY 
~ We guoro"tee 10 ,,,( teen. 'he ' ,eadlng effiCIency 

~ of each .tudent A f lEAST l time, with good (01"1" 

i pr e hem,jon, We Wi ll rcfv"d ,he entire t...,.tlon '0 0"), It \, ~ent who , after (Ompletlng minimum clan and I study requlremenh., doe, nol 01 leo,' tr iple hi, read i" 9 etfl(lenc ), OJ meohlfed by our beglr,,,t"1 ond ~nd lng les'\, mW~~~~M' 
FREE DEMONSTRATION AND LECTURE 

• Yoo will .ee a documen~ed 
fil k that include. actual in-
terv iews with Wash ington 
Congressmen who have 
10 ken Ihe course . 

• You will .ee a Reading Dy-
nam ics graduate read at 

amaz ing speeds from a 

• You will learn how we can 
help you to read foster, 
with improved comprehen. 

sion and greater retail. 

Readi", 
D,Yllllmit:S 
IlIslilute 

book he has never seen 
before a nd then tell you 
in deta il what he has read . 

SI N DIEGO, at the institute, 2500 - 5th Ave., 
Su i te 616, telephone 233-7774 
TUESDAY JUNE 18 8:00 P.M. 
WEDNESDAY JUNE 19 8:00 P.~. 
I HUR50AY ,JIINE 20 8:00 P.M. 

GROSSMONT, at the institute, Grossmont Shopping 
Certter, next,door to the San Diego Office Supply 

Telephone 460-9911 
TUESDAY JUNE 18 8:00 P.M. 
WEDNESDAY JUNE 19 8:00 P.M. 
THURSDAY JUNE 20 8:00 P.M. 

LA-JOLLA, at the institute, Bank of La Jolla Building, 
Suite 212, Ivanhoe at Wall Street, 

Telephone 454-5816 
TUESDAY JUNE 18 8:00 P.M. 
THURSDAY JUNE 20 8:00 P.M. 
SPECIAL DISCOUNT FOR STUDENTS & FACULTY 

REGISTER BY MAIL 
~lai1 Ihis aflP" ('~ lion now to rest'rve the class of yOllr 
rhoicr, to : 

EVEL YN WOOD READING DYNAMICS INSTITUTE 
2550 5th Ave . San Diego 92103 

PI"(J,. O~ ( ('ot,.,..y Ipplt1otll)M fr;r odml~~lon fO 11,(, Evelyn Wood 
Ptorimq Dyne.,." c" In·llfu'.. (ncll')" C'd I' my dcpo".t (Minimum S 10 ) 

1

10 rr ("'>Ie 'p')'r In tht' c lo \\ Inrj,coted below, (Rdundoblc " closs 
f"l f my chr)lrf' ' 'I n el oyollohlr PIC'Q'I!' fnrword 10 me- thl! standard 

rrOI~,trOIIt)n , 'r"l ~t') I f'rIny rr).",p l~" my C'"rl"lIment hy mod 

I 
NAME .... 

BUS PHONE . 

ADDRESS 

TELEPHONE 

CHECK THE CLASS 
OF YOUR CHOICE 

STARTI~G OATES OF 
FORTHCOMING CLASSES 

SAN DIEGO 

'..led. July 17 7 :00 P.'I. (J 
Thurs . July 18 7 00 P.". [j 
·mn. Auq . 12 7 00 P.:I. 
Tue\ Aug . 13 7 00 P .rl. 

GRO~ '1QrlT 

. n. July I~ 
700 P.II. !l Sot July 20 9:00 A.M. 

Tues . Au~ . 13 7:00 P.~. 
Wed . Aug . 14 700 P.M. 

LA JOLLA 

Tues . Ju ly 16 
7:00 P.M. f~ W~ . July 17 7.00 P.M. 

I1On . Auq . 12 700 P.'1. 
Sit. Aug . 17 9 :00 A.11. 

.. 

I-

~ ~ 14 June 1968 
THIS COMPUTER SHEET WAS POSTED AS IS ON THE ARGO HALL GENERAL BULLETIN BOARD 
ON THE AFTERNOON OF TUESDAY THE FOURTH ---~ THE ACTUAL ASSASSINATION . 

J')I\J "f\! b Ct., '\P'J1' r 'f:',f" J'J ' J-r 
1. •• ,,)1.1,1{ IU )I III ~ ""'1' .tnt ., 1/. 
)1,,)1 )I" It X)l )1)1 'I:' t)l 
1111 )1.,11 )I ., )1)1 ".,," 'I II 'I 
,.)1 11' )I' 111)1 ,.)1 Y" 
, )I IOU'. I ., lilt •• ,tf)lt II"" , 

tWI" 
111" •• "", II ••• 

AlI ' llJII/1 ""A"'. _,n 1(1/. ••• 
'I... JOU, ", • • ,tlt."'. )1)1 rJ ( 

U" ,." ," 11111. ... ., '''" 
II J' .""" ."'11".' II. It' "f 

1II: " 'II ./1",.,,,,,,.,, ,,II' ''f(1', 
'II' )I ')1 • , '111"7)1)1 111t IIt, 't,'" 

(II )I lIlI )I'll! •• )1-""" U'1I'1U/,t"" 
)nOt.IlItj('lI"'A" .. ~.1I • ,., .. ,IAU' 

.. J:X It11.)I" 1'lf.II.'1 )I ,I.,..)" '" 
I( ". "11', "til.' 
, " 
, " , , 

· , , 
" , 

· , , 1 
, , 
, . 

, " '" 
, 

t ",,,,,, /'1.' 

I 'Att"""., 
I. ,T)l1)11."" 
I .,", , ,,,, ,,,, 

,. ,t, 't, 
)I I ,): 
)I )III' , 0;)1 
" 1U t I .)' 
, J( t , "J 

" r J t )I I 

. , 

page 17 

The School of Mediclne's Blo-Medical Library nears completion for 
Fall, 1968. The (irst class will number 47. 

, , 
\. 

\ , 
1 , 

· , 

'" U. 
)I J ,. )1)1 

.' , ---AI>' .,. , '1 
, :rl. P Y)I 

j • .u,~ ~ . " ... ________________ ... 

Med School Opens 
To 47 In Autumn 

:: ,' ..,... , 
.. if; , ,Xl 1 I .UI. 

)I W _____ '''''I' 
11 A..I.UXlllJl 
. 
, 
, 

:It,. II ',:1 
)(1' 'I;; 

J ., 1M Tu .. day the Ninth C""",i tte corornent8: 
" , 

-L-L ill ~", II I t f' ,ur situatl n 1. gravE" hIS aT'" U 811 in 
u.."J;)! our Ii cietv. ""e hay not manifes ed, individual v 

;0'".... and collectively, thp.: conc.ern, conca t and C(.!'!I-
! ~unication the the ~xlgencv of our comatose 

w -~ condition caUs for. In t10ne Of crises we havE" 
: r un l' our r !":parts forsalt:ing our rapports. ""eo: 

The UCSD Medical School's 
fi rst class will consist of 47 
students who will begin their 
studies here next fall. Members 
of the class come from all parts 
of the country and w111 lnclude 
some representatives of 
Revelle' s first graduating class. 
The medical students are re-
fe rred to as undergraduates 
which means that they have com-
pleted work for their bachelor's 
degree but have not yet begun 
specialty studies or internships. 

The curriculum of the medi-
cal school will include bo th a 
core curriculum and an elective 
proram. The core includes "cou-
rses in biological, physical, and 
social sciences, and an intro-
duction to cllnical medicine in 
the first two yearsj clinical, so-
cial and community medicine in 
the third year; and some ad-
vanced clinical training In the 
fourth year." The purpose of the 
e lective program is to "effect 
a match between diversity of 
background and previous train-
ing with career orientation." Stu-
dents preparing for a career in 
a subdivision of the medical pro-
fession will be able to take cour-
ses which relate to academic 
research and teaching, health 
systems planning, public health, 
international medicine or one 
of many clinical specialties. 
Those who developed this cur-
riculum hope it will "develop 
critical, objective, conscientious 
physicians well-equipped for 
changing conditions and contin-
uing se If-education. 

According to Dr. Clifford 
Grobstein, the faculty 0 f the 
Medical School has risen from 
thirty to almost sixty. Some of 
the deparment chairmen lnclude 
Dr. Robert Livingston, who is 
heading a department called Neu-
rosciences. This department Is 
unusual because it is vertical; 
that is , it deals with issues from 
the fundamental to the applica-
tions . It will deal with the chem-
istry of the nervous system, its 
behavior, and the clinical pro-
blems this field encompasses. 

Dr. Marshall Orloff Is chair-
man of the department of sur-
gery which w111 deal with the 
usual surgical problems but will 
also be concerned with organ 
transplantation. Chairman of the 
Department of Medicine, Dr. 
Brownwall, is the top cardiolo-
gist in the country, if not in 
the world , and has developed 
a device enabling patients to 
push a button to change the char-
acter of their heartbeat, and 
thus re lieve heart pains due to 
a maltunction. Dr. Brownwall's 
wUe in cooperation with her hus-
band has also been working with 
the production 01 art1f1cial heart 
valves. 

In the department of Radiol-
ogy, Dr. Lasser is concerned with 
making it possible to visualize 
the structures witbin the body 
by X-rays. For example,cbanps 
in the minute blood vessels can 

'(lt11t)t ,. ,. 
fIlJt'lf.':tt_1f ".,.v 

.. J ••• XIX, Ultl"'" J. J 
: haw> perpetuated a period of continUII~ crist, 

wh! h is now in i.ts most ~rltlcal atnsr,e. If ""(-
indicate a malignancy. Dr • Avril 
Liebow, chairman of Pathology 
from Yale wlll be working with 
Dr. Brownwall on research of 
cardio-pulmanory problems. Fi-
nally, Dr. Joseph stokes, with 
his department of Community 
Medicine, will be researching 
improved methods of patient 
care -- how to make the la-
test information from the labora-
tory available for use with pa-
tients. 

".f,,.IXII ,U ' " 
, d no ne .. · re 1~ I..T rnoparts, con(es ur 

IU • • 
)( } l[ )t 

, 
, , 

lfJ ... 'J 
,. I • I .( 

11 ,. ~ •• ., 

. 

ondttion :1nd C;J.'f>1t r cOMelllA f n, t"e w£o'3k.ened 
wal11 of our establi5h~ent ar g ~ g to m~ 

" J •• n 
, , 

A...-..! J. run" 
.JI x ». , 

• J ." J 
• ")C JI t 
J: •• ." 

"" '" 

••• If 
. , . 

" , 

'I If ,. .t, •••• 
1Il • II. J J • '" 

, 

)I lIlJItJ." •• ,. t., ... 
" • ., ., 101:)'1t' J "J 

,.. ,. 'I" , ••••• 

.. molln. noun ..... ' 

Curriculum Changes Outlined For Fall 
Provosts Paul Saltman and to include the discussion of the The new cultural traditions !:~=~===~==~==~~"" 

John Stewart this week outlined conquest of Peru in his humani- sequence will include classes in ! I 
the changes that will be present ties 4 class. Humanities 1 class- Mayan, Asiatic indian, Greek, TRITOn TJl1ES 
next fall in the curriculum at es, dealing with the present age , Roman, and HispaniC cultures. 
Revelle and Muir Colleges. They will also include discussion ot Dr. Stewart said that the de- We need you 
said that the general education the present problems in our soci- velopment of an Alro-American 
requirements will be essentially ety. However, according to Dr. cultural tradtions sequence looks 
the same . Salt man , after discussion among very promising at this time. This 

At Revelle, a new sequence, the members of the humanities class will possibly be made avail-
Frontiers of Science, Wi~l make committee, the humanities se- able as an elective to a limited 
it possible and challenglflg for quence will r emain a history of number of students from any of 
humanity or social science ma- the development of essentially the colleges . They will all in-

jor~ to ta.ke a str~ng. minor in Western civilization. clude the historical and literary 
a Wide variety of sCientific fields. Dr. John stewart enumerated backgrounds, visual arts and 
Professors will include Dr. E.. the new developments at Muir music, where possible. The Afro-
Teller, who will teach one class college for next fall. The Con- American sequence will show how 
in Physics, Dr. Burbridge, who temporary Issues classes wlll the music of this culture has 
will conduct a class in Astro- focus more on local problems, contributed to modern American 
PhysiCS and ~stronomy and Dr. that will be more specUic, in- culture. 
Penner, who IS now head (If the teresting and of immediate value Dr. Stewart also said that the 
AMES department and will t~ach to the students. Those speaking science requirement has been 
a class in Technologyand SoCIety. in these classes will be members reduced trom six classes to four 
The classes will be stru~tured on of the local communities, and in the general education Classes'. 
a pass-fail ba~is and will not be will discuss issues as minority Forfuture upper division students 
science qua sCI~nce. groups in San Diego, the poverty science classes will possibly be 

The Earth SCience curriculum problem in this area andperhpas available that have something of 
has also changed. It has now be- such topics as drugs, but in a philisophical slant, dealing with 
come part ot an enriched pr~- terms of specific drug problems science as a force in modern 
gram, in which s tudents Will in San Diego. SOCiety. 
major in physics, chemistry or -- --

Reporters 

Ad-men 

Cooy Crew 

Photogs 

Interested 
persons: 
Come to Bldg. 
250, or call 
453-2000 
Ext. 1077 

AMES and take as part of this 
program their Earth Science 
classes. 

A stimulating addition to the 
classes at UCSD will be Dr. Fred 
Krinsky's pOlitical science se-
quence. Dr. Krinsky is from 
USC and is a dynamic lecturer. 
Dr. Saltman said that an attempt 
was being made to create a class 
for the spring quarter, s imilar 
to the Law and Society class this 
quarter, which would be con-
cerned with Civil Liberties and 
would discuss what is happening 

Senior Gift StonesCampus 

in the dynamics of law. 
Dr. Saitman said that the hu-

manities questionnaire answered 
by students during the past few 
weeks wlll perhaps not produce 
an immediate difference in the 
sequence next fall. It will, how-
ever, guide efforts in the con-
tinuing of humanities and will 
become a basis for changes that 
could be made. Individual pro-
fessors wlll be making efforts 
to integrate the concepts of co-
lonialism and exploitation with 
the other ideas and movements 
which are part of the develop-
ment of Western civilization and 
to document by readings the con-
tribuUoos of minority groups, 
For emmple, Dr. Adottl plans 

The three boulders that guard prospective rock into three smal- terday, and a plaque, and the an-
the lawn between Revelle College ler pieces . The next time the chor and chain which used to 
and the Clust~r I Cente~ repre- party visited the quarr y, the adorn Revelle's fountain will 
sent the orig1Oal class flhysi- three rocks had become gravel. added later 
cal contributions to UCSD's com- Three new boul~ers were found According to Misti Woliington, 
munltY,?f scholars., . last week and dellvered a week who has been advising the Sen-

The Rock Par~y responSible ago today. The Seniors dug the iors this quarter, the monument 
for the first semorr class gift hole for the monument a crane is meant to be a po' t f 
was ; made up of Terry Barker . ' 10 0 re-
the first ASUCSD chief justice), lifted the rocks lflto place yes- terence on campus. 
JiJll Carroll (member of the stu-
dent conduct committee this 
year), Chris Hollinshead (finan-
cial coordinator for the A.S. 
for two years), Clyde Osler, 
and Alan Deir. a geologist. 

Working from ideas generated 
at a meeting of the Senior Class 
at the beginning of the second 
quarter, the Rock Party enlisted 
the support of Claus von Wendel 
of Architects and En6ineers, who 
designed the eventual monument. 
The boulders were donated by 
the V.R. Dennis Construction Co-
meany, and the Associated Stu-
dents contributed funds for the 
transport.ation of the rocks. 

Originally Ihere was to be one 
10-ton boulder on the Revelle 
grass. But the construction wor-
kers tnadvertaraly blew up the 



(Editor's Note: 
Geoffrey Barraclough from 

Great Britain is concluding his 
stay at UCSD as a history pro-
fessor this quarter and will 
transfer to Brandeis Unive rsity 
In the fall. In the following lec-
ture, given at the last meeting of 
his History of the Last Century 
course last week, Dr. Barra-
clough warns that the United 
states must re-evaluate its role 
In the world before it is sur-
rounded by enemies .) 

As a political program Black 
Power is incoherent. It is per-
haps no worse, certainly no less 
effecti ve for that; most political 
programmes are incoherent, and 
National Socialism was no less 
effective because no one could 
understand Hitler's "Mein 
KampC". Actually, there are good 
reasons why it should be in-
coher ent. The way forward for 
the American Negro is anything 
but plain. Integration is totally 
discredited; there is no single 
example in the whole Western 
world--and this includes Brazil 
which is usually cited as an 
example to the contrary--of a 
successfully integrated multi-
racial society, where the Black 
people form a substantial minor-
ity. And the American Negro, 
unlike the Jew, has no Zion; 
Garvey's vision of a return to 
Africa was , and is, pie-m-the-
sky. The basic assumption of 
Black Power is that the U.S.A. is 
essentially a racist society. As 
a Negro youth in Detroit said 
recently, " They're willing to 
share some of the corn and tate rs 
with us, but when it gets right 
down to the nittygritty of power, 
they ain't sharing anything." The 
conclusion is obvious. No real 
change will ever come about 
until the black community Corces 
the white majority to recognize 
their rights, and this can only be 
achieved by political action based 
on black unity. What the outcome 
will be, at this stage, is any-
one's guess; the future atter all, 
Is unpredictable and the im-
mediate business is to foster 
Wlity and action, and not worry 
about ultimate objectives. Never-
theless there appear to be four 
main directions in American Ne-
gro thinking: 

(1) A nihilistic struggle olvio-
lence with the object of making 
conditions so painful lor while 
America as to compel a radical 
reconstruction of the United 
states' political system. This 
probably represents the attitude 
01 the majority; perhaps because 
it is the most indefinite ob jecti ve 
of all, it is the easiest to pursue 
in practice. 

(2) permanent separation into 
one or several black states (Mis-
s issippi, Louisiana, Alabama, 
Florida, and Georgia are those 
usually specified)--the solution 
of the Black Muslims (though not 
only of them), which (as I said) 
very few Negroes support. 

(3) Temporary withdrawal 
from direct participation in the 
politics of "white America" to 
concerntrate upon building up 
strong black communities, where 
they are already strong--that is, 
in the large cities. The advocates 
of this course (In my view per-
haps the most hopeful) do not 
seem to be closely organized--
they comprise separate groups 
in most major cities--but what 
their programme amounts to in 
effect is a demand for black local 
government by devolving power to 
black-controlled city halls. What 
they resist is dispersal from the 
ghetto, partly because they be-
lieve that integration is a fraud, 
and more because they fear that 
dispersal will dilute their 
chances of mobilizing black vot-
ing and economic power. 

(4) Finally, there are what we 
may call the "Trotskyites" (with 
obvious affiliations with the 
French and German students de-
mon&tr ... ting today). They ad-
vocate a violent struggle, linked 
to the tri- continental revolution-
ary struggle of Asia, Afr ica and 
Latin America, to break the white 
monopoly of world power. They 
see themselves as the Vietcong 
of America--the advance fighters 
of the Third World's struggle 
against white supremacy "deep 
Inside the heart of enemy ter-
ritory." Their links are with 
Castro and Red China. 1 need 
hardly say that it is with this 
group that my own sympathies 
lie. 

Like most questions in the con-
temporary world, the question of 
the Ame rican Negro is one to 

which there is no slick answe r. 
You may r emember the anecdote 
in Malcolm X's autobiography 
about the "little blonde co-ed," 
who came and plaintively asked 
him: "What can 1 do?" He told 
her <IN othing." and she burst out 

U.S. budget, and has brought 
the dollar to the verge--perhaps 
shortly over the ver ge--of de-
valuation. Add to that civil war 
at home-- the damages ofthe race 
riots in Los Angeles In 1965 
were assessed at $175 million--

the cities and growing reaction of 
white people who will favor more 
repression" -- in short, "the 
stockade Society." 

This may sound like a purely 
domestic or internal American 
question. It is, of course, nothing 
of the sort. The point was put 
firml y but unemotionally in the 
Moynihan Report in 1965. "What 
happens in America," Moynihan 
wrote, "is being taken as a sign 
of what can or must, happen in 
the world at large. The course 
of world events will be pro-
foundly affected by the success 
or failure of the NegroAmerican 
revolution." Suppose, in fact, 
that the leading power in the West 
does engage in energetic racial 
repression: What are the likely 
effects? First, it would dramatise 
and accentuate the world colour 
crisis in a way nothing else could 
do. Secondly, it would place afar 
heavier burden on the loyalties of 
the United States' western allies 
than even Vietnam has done. No 
European power would wish to 
be associated with racialism of 
this sort; none could afford to 
because of the risk of dissension 
and conflict in it s own sphere. 
Thirdly, it would have a trau-
matic efIect in Africa, and might 
well leave the African national-

course of world ttThe 
profoundl] 

events will be 
affected by the success or 

failure of the 
crying and caught a taxi. At any 
rate her reaction was more sen-
sitive than Senator Robert Ken-
nedy's. "My judgement," Ken-
nedy said, "is that we can make 
it because any alternative is so 
unthinkable. I'm going to remain 
an optimist in believing that we 
can find a solution within our 
political system." This, needless 
to ,say, is the one thing that is not 
possible . White American society 
has assumed that its racial prob-
lem could be gradually resolved 
by absorbing more and more 
black people into its expanding 
middle class. Events since 1964 
have proved that is a dream. 
Black Power a,s a s logan does 
not--as is often said--divide the 
Negro militants from the Negro 
middle class: both accept it as 
meaning that at present all real 
power in America is in the hands 
of the whites. The chance of a 
voluntary su rrender of that power 
is not something anyone would 
gamble on. The chance of a sur-
render under world pressure is 
another thing. As Segal says , 
"the containment of revolution 
is an expensive business," par-
ticularly iC it comes s imultan-
eously at home and abroad. It 
is here that we come back to the 
point from which 1 s tarted out: 
the connection between the Negro 
revolt in American and the anti-
colonialist revolutions in the 
Third World of Asia and Africa 
and Latin America. This is why 
the Negro mlJ1tants urge that 
Black America's potentlal--the 
potential of 22 m1llion--should 
be added to the forces of the 
coloured world outSide, why th y 
see themselves engaged In the 
same fight as the Vietcong. The 
burden of containing revolution 
In Asia already eats up half the 

Negro American I " revo ution 
and white America, in its own ists, who have hitherto tried to 
Interests, may think again. follow the neutralist line, with 

The relevant ques tion in this no alternative except to seek 
situation, therefore , is not wheth- com munist support. In short, 
er the black mllitants can suc- its likeliest result is to bring 
ceed, but what will be the effect about a line- up against the Un ited 
on American society--and on the states; for most countries in the 
wider world--of the impending world from Japan to Western 
clash. Because the one thing that Germany, are full of inflammable 
is certain is that a clash is un- anti-American material, which 
avoidable. Violence feeds on vio- lIeeds just this provocation to 
lence, and the result is bound to set it aright. And then you are 

be to sharpen the psycho-patho- left with the final question: wheth-
logical elements in both blacks er the United States can survive 
and whites. The signs that white in a world of powerful enemies 
America--that means not you and U one in nine of its own citizens 
me but the mass of white voters (so called) look forward eage rly 
right across the country- -will to its destruction. These are the 
respond in a positive way to the reasons why, in the words of the 
black challenge are not at present Moynihan report, it is not "mere-
very noticeable. Those in the best ly incidental that the world should 
position to know ad mit frankly have fastened its attention on 
that they can't see any solution; events in the United States at a 
they be Iieve the crisis will be time when the possibility that the 
overcome, but can't say how. nations of the world will di vide 
Their hopes are based on opti- along colour lines seems sud-
mism not reason. Others, a denly not only pOSSible, but even 
growing number including in- imminent. "The y are also the 
formed and knowledgeable people reason why American Negroes, 
like Herbert Hill of the NAACP, including moder ates, like Martin 
believe lhat the U.S.A. is on the Luth r King, have come out so 
point of moving into a period of strongly against the war in Vie t-
harsh r epr ession by whites of nam. They know that what is 1n-
blacks that will s hake the Ameri- volved is not only the freedom 
can political system to its ve ry and future of the Vietnamese 
foundations. And if there is re- people, but also their own free-
pression of blacks there will be dam and future, and the freedom 
repression also of white minori- and future of the world. 
ties; for is it possible, U you 1 will stop at this point to leave 
have machinery against Black myself time for a few concluding 
Power to not use it against Stu- remarks. I would have liked to 
dent Power? As Herbert Hill put have taken a few minutes to reply 
it recently, "all the powerful to those who rather glibly reply: 
interests in American society "But you also, in Great BrLtain, 
are for not altering the national have a racial problem." Yes, 
priorities. Therefore, the only we have a racial problem. So, 
alternative is repression. U this as a matter ot lact, does Nigeria; 
is true, then we face a perlod of so doe s Ruanda-Urand1. But you 
terrible authorltarianism, in- can, 1 bope, easily work out for 
creasing racial disturbance in 

, , 

14 June 1968 page 19 

"The real question for A merica is whether its obsession 
with the cold war is not a total misjudgement of the current 
world situation and whether the fundamental criticism of I.meri-
can policy is not that, by myopic concentration on the cold 
war it has misread and fumbled the challenge of the twentieth , 

what I have tried to tell you of 
the problems of under-develop-
ment and incipient race war--
and these, as I have tried to 
make plain, are the real prob-
lems of our age--I suspect that 

century." 

lost in a blind alley, and are 
now knocking their heads (I do 
not know whether in dispair or 
in penitence) against a brick 
wall. The war in Vietnam is a 
frightening example of how a 
great nation (with perhaps a less 
than great leadership) can get 
all the portents wrong, fail totally 
.to see the direction in which, 
since 1955 at latest, the world is 
moving. In the war in Vietnam 
tbe United states has not one 
w11ling ally, except the South 
Vietnamese government (and 
even that is doubtful), certainly, 
not the South Vietnamese people. 
It is a classic example of what 
is sometimes rather portentous-
ly called "the hybris ofpower"--
of knowing what other people want 
better than they know it them-
selves and of forcing them to 
swallow your medicine. One ofthe 
first books we studied in this 
course was called "The Politics 
of Hysteria." It was not per-
haps in substance a startingly 
good book; but it s argument--

cism of American policy is not 
that, by myopic concentration on 
the cold war, it has misread and 
fumbled the challenge of the 
twentieth century. . •• . U we 
turn aside from the cold war, 
then without doubt we can see 
that there are new and revolution-
ary and really challenging factors 
in tbe contemporary worldsitua-
tion. What is significant about 
theese, however, is that the im-
petus behind them comes, not 
from Soviet communism, but 
from the Japanese destruction 
of European imperialism in Asia, 
which could not be restored after 
Japan's defeat. The really dis-
tinctive featu re of our time is the 
uprising of Asia, and then of 
Africa, against the 'white peril'--
an uprising which, as recent 
Chinese controversies with the 
Kremlin have shown, is directed 
scarcely less against the Soviet 
than against the North American 
'whites.' The r eal charge against 
the cold war idealogues in Wash-
ington--and the same is true of 

yourselves why and how this 
racial problem is d111erent from 
yours, in character as well as 
size, starting from the fact that 
the West Indians and Pakistanis 
in England have come there of 
their own free volition, apparent-
ly preferring it to the scenic 
beauties of Jamaica or the Mos-
lem austerities of Pakistan. I 
apologize also for all I have 
left out in this course which I 
ought to have, and intended to 
put in: particularly Cuba and 
Vietnam. One has always to 
choose whether to do some things 
thoroughly, or a lot ofthings in a 
hurry. What 1 have tried to do is 
to show you in outline the evolu-
tion of a changing world situation, 
rather than to discuss specific 
aspects of that situation, however 
nearly they touch us at the mo-
ment. Against tbe background of 

li The war in Vietnam is a frightening example of how a great 
nation (with perhaps a less than great leadership) can get 
all the portents wrong, fail totally to see the direction in 
which, since 1955 at latest, the world is moving." 

the most important thing to be "the need for reasoned restraint their opposite numbers in the 
said about the war in Vietnam in politics"--was important, and Soviet Union--is that they have 
is its total irrelevance--its ir- so was its conclusion: "that a made us oblivious to this funda-
relevance, that is to say, to the nation is great if the quality of mental fact of contemporarylUe. 
vital issues which confront the Lts society itself is great." When And it is because United states' 
world today. It sometimes seems we look at the smouldering rubble policy has been defiected by the 
as though the United states-- of Watts, can we say that of cold war for fifteen decisive 
that is to say, the bodies in American society today? One of years, and has consequently 
Washington which administer the casualties of American poli- missed aU the clues, that Ameri-
United States policy-- have got tics since 1947--both within the can leadership and standing in the 

United states and in the world world are at a lower ebb today--
outside-- has been "the once ir- in spite of the vast outlay of 
resistible magic of the American dollars and manpower--than they 
dream." This seems to me to be were at the time of Roosevelt's 

PICK A POSITION ... 
Pick a relruced position! 
ADJUST-A-BED ~..-li~~ 

Eleetro-eontourins coil 
boxaprinKand mattre .. 

Every , ize avai!.ible 
to fit your present furniture 

C£5~~ 
EereU EJunz Co. 

Priced rrom J409.SO -
defernd payment pun 

Sold in San Dilllo only at 
1218 PROSPECT STREET 

La Jolla Phone 459.6l6S 

Visit our unusual gift shop and 
interstellar trading post. A 

treasure trove of astonishments 
and selected exotic crafts. 
Beads' Bangles' Baubles 

Buttons · Tarot Cards' Flowers 
Jars' Posters · Incense 

Del ights and Whimseys' All 
imported from far away places 

Al so .... The largest and most 
complete line of posters to be 

found in San Diego, 

sebu· sebu ·sebu 
1M P ORTEO GIFTS &. ACCESSORIES 

a dreadful price to pay (or power. death in 1945. • •• They have 
I was re-reading the other day failed because they have ignored 

an article 1 wrote in "The Nation" the basic limitations imposed on 
as far back as 1961. I would like them by the current world situa-
in conclusion to quote from it be- tion. For example, the policy of 
cause (to my astonishment) it containment in the face of a 
still seems to me to be valid cold and uns ympathetic world 
today: "The real question for opinion, can work only to the 
America," I write, "is whether detriment of the United states--
Lts obsession with the cold war not of the U.S.S.R.--U it means 
is not a total misjudgement of (as it clearly does) an over-
the current world situation and 
whether the fundamental criti-

JOHN GILL JEWELER 
10% DISCOUNT 
TO STUDENTS 

DIAMONDS-WATCHES- JEWELRY 
JEWELRY DESIGNING 

EXPERT WATCH REP/.IR 

7728 GIRARD AVE. 
IN COVE THEATRE BUI LDING 

OUR 18th YEAR 
IN LA JOLLA 

TURNTABLE 
RECORDS & TAPES 

Stereo & Monophonic 
• Popular 
• Jazz - Childrens 
• latin -American 
• Classical - Opera 

~ .. cI/ .... Acc .. ,ori .. 
1141.-net 
LA JOLLA 

extended cordon sanitaire around 
the whole periphery of China and 
the Soviet Union, expeditionary 
forces in Vietnam and gar risons 
in lukewarm or hostile countr ies 
all over the world ••• • Ever y 
positive step the United States 
might have taken to make clear 
that it was part of the new world 
arising all around us has been 
abused and perverted for cold 
Welr pu rposes. American aid is 
dis-credited throughout Asia and 
Africa, because it it known to be 
inspired by fear of Russia. Mis-
taken cold war necessities led 
the United states to support every 
corrupt dictator from Syngman 
Rhee and Ngo Dinh Diem, to 
General Trujillo •.. until one by 
one the American proteges tum-
bled and President Eisenhower 
suffered the indignity of being 
refused admittance to Japan .• •• 
The ultimate result has been to 
deal the United States a devas-
tating blow. Sixteen years after 
the end of the World war, when 
even in Russia it enjoyed tre-
mendous esteem and affection, 
the reputation of the United states 
is tarnished in every quarte r of 
the globe, including the American 
continent, so that today it stands 
out as the one country of sub-
stance which has failed to adjust 
itself to the twentieth century." 

Those are what Nietzsche call-
ed "thoughts out of season." They 
were written, as I said, as long 
ago as 1961. I leave them with 
you--with the licence (I hope) 
permitted to a foreigner--be-
cause I believe they represent 
at least in rough outline, those 
aspects of contemporary history 
which are most directly relevant 
to you. lC they are anywhere 
near the truth, then it is time 
for every American who wishes 
his country well to call for a 
change--not "within" (as Bobby 
Kennedy said) the existing poli-
tical system, but rather by the 
"recons truction of the entire so-
ciety,' the" revolution of val-
ues", which Martin Luther King 
called for in the last months of 
his life. 

M •• ts Gr.,e,le 
".".C. 

BfFR & WINE 
Ope ..... y .-7 

~.,. ... ~ 
:1:1 •• A ••• ' •• 41.1 •• ,-.. -



page 20 14~Ju:..:.n:.:..e:.-.l.:....:9:..:6::..8 ____________ --::-_____ _ 

A.S. Senate Winds Up Academic Year 
While most students were 

studying or takin" final exams, 
the Senators were attending their 
second and third "tinal" meet-
ings of the academic year. New 
business for this administration 
continued to arise and the Sena-
tors were anxious to give every-
thing full consideration before 
making decisions. 

On June 5, Trish Cunningham 
called the Senate to order in the 
Chancellor'S Conference Room. 
Tom Baer suggested that an AS 
Orientaaion Week committee be 
established to cooperate with 
Muir and Revelle colleges 
through the summer . It was point -
ed out that Gary Curtis is Activi -
ties Commissioner and such 
planning would be carried out 
under his purview. To create a 
new committee would be useless. 
The motion was defeated. The 
Senate obviously intends to avoid 
creation of numerous, conflicting 
committees. Senator BaeL' also 
sought to establish a syste m of 
voting by mail on specific issues 
throughout the summer with a 
record of the votes being kept. 
Jor. Collins will be absent in 
Eurupe for the duration of the 
summer. He was concerned about 
mail lagf; and rejected the idea 
thr.t the ~;enate ope rate as a seven 
member body in his absence. 
steve Greenberg amended the 
motion to provide for a two week 
delay basis for a vote. An at-
tempt was made to postpone de-
cision but the question was called 
.and approved. 

Bill Eastman reported on the 
ex- officio minority representa-
tive already approved. The three 
organized minority groups --
Black students CounCil, MAYA 
(Mexican-Americans) and Chi-
nese Undergraduates--each pro-
poses to select one delegate and 
the three would then rotate meet-
ings. The hope is that this syste m 
would tighten the groups and les-
sen the competition between 
them. 

steve Ishmael indicated that 
he had misunderstood the motion 
on summer voting and asked for 
a revote. The forme!' decision 
was reversed 4:3. 

Tom Baer submitted a resolu-
tion conce rning the status of the -
proposed constitutional amend-
ment on fee collection. The Senate 
stated its feeling that failure of 
an amendment at the polls main-
tains the status quo and until the 
electorate makes a decision, all 
budget allocations may progress 
normally. Further clarification 
wlll be made by the Judicil 
Board. 

The Communications Board 
Constitution submitted a week 
earlier was accepted unami-
mously but a vote on subsidation 
of its budget was tabled pending 
elaboration and a general itemi-
zation. 

Monday of finals week the Sen-
ate met for the last time until 
Fall. Steve Montgomery of the 
Communications Board present-
ed a subsida tion request for 
$9,125 from th 1 AS which r ep-
resents Ie ss thLn one third ofthe 
total projectec income of the 
Board. A que ;t lon was raised 
about the legiLmacy of salaries 
for the ed itol s and full time 
executives oftt.~ variou~pnbli"~­
tions. Montgon e ry asserted that 
these students deserve compen-
sation for lonf bour s for which 
they receive 10 course credit 
and which ob'lously takes time 
away from th~ir studies . If they 
did not receivl! money, the vari-
ous communications would lose 
intelligent and experienced 
people who would be forced to 
seek other employment. Se nator 
Eastman desired that the money 
be allocated each quarter but 
Dean Murphy assured the Sena-
tors that they cou Id review the 
expenditures and terminate r e-
lease of funds if the y were not 
satisfied. A motion by Tom Baer 

that an expenditure report be-
submitted monthly carried. 

The budget otthe campus Pro-
gram Board (committees on Lec-
tures, Arts, Recreation, Coffee 
Hut, etc.) was submitted by Gary 
Curtis and all but $500 of the 
$18,000 request was approved. 

The $500 request for "Recrea-
tion" was refused pending clari-
ficalivll or what the proposed 
tunds would cover. 

Pertaining to the Communica-
tions Constitution of last week, 
the Senate saw fit to reverse 
its decision to accept the docu-

the 

ment until some revision of un-
clear language is made. Under 
threat of Pre sidential veto of 
such an action, the Senate voted 
6:2 to reject the Constitution 
as it now reads. Since the Sena-
tors taking this ·position already 
comprised, two-thirds of the total 

nrqinurllinn 
of 

~rounbrrla 

body, Shepard's veto would have 
been to no avail. 

On a motion by Tom Baer, 
the President was empowered to 
appoint an Orientation Committee 
to work through the summer and 
coordinate activities for Fall 
Quarter registration. 

ANXIOUSLY 

invite you to 

GUSTO 
FRO L I C \v i t h 

ana ZEST 
ODD~ AND ~ND~ 

PICI<EC Urr--~ol"'l 
G-~_ ...... 

Remote Corners and Cubbyholes .(J f 
RETDOM, 
~o{.%.~ ~ ~~AFl)~~r\j[/'JJ 

of OUHn AND fANTASTICAl ~UIDDITI[S , 

THAT / ' 

await ~OU/( 

biddi"G :'. i 
"'" 

ON TA P 

BUDWEISER 
30¢ 

LIGHT DARK 
AND 

"I NTfRGRATEO " 

" PLACE ACROSS THE STREET 
from the 

§Jtl>OJltJL§ 
limitrb 

/ , 

\I /' 

There is a wild, vicious plot afoot to subvert the integrity of the 
"academic atmosphere" of this institution. The participants are 
all trained in propaganda, and cleverly disguised phrases like, "The 
students want it", and " this is provided for the benefit of those who 
wish to partiCipate" are heard. These people will stop at nothing to 
get their way, so all forces must be mobilized to meet them and defeat 
the m at every turn. 

The coniving plotters? The UCSD Department of Physical Education. 
"Football will destroy the meaning of this campus" scream the good 
guys. This is a bunch of bull. It is just beyond my meagre mental 
capacities to understand why one must be a student or an athlete, 
but not both. 

For one, I still have not heard a feasible description of just what 
is an "academic atmospheril". Is it some all-oervading substance 
that we breathe into the lungs of learning, regurgetate, and throw 
back up? Is it some fiery-blooded grad student telling me what my 
proper response whould be to a given situation, and getting aU up-
tight when this doesn't strike me as being the r esponse I happen to 
want to make? What ever the Atmosphere is, it sure is going to 
be warped, claim the advocates of anti-athletics Antagonism. 

The standards will all be lowered, and the classrooms will be 
inundated by huge masses of stiffs, whose sole pu rpose in life is to 
score the ne xt points . Pitiful. Don't forget that entrance require-
ments are University-wide in this system, and what ever the man's 
field of endeavor, he still has to meet the standards of the University 
and those of the individual campus once he gets in. As for lower 
standards, I am skeptical. The standards will come down only if the 
I ampus becomes dependent on the athletics proceeds to survive; 
L·SC is a good example. Even then , there is nothing to say that the 
lllstitution has to cater to stupid people. 

And about the intelligence required for athletic competition. Again I 
ask why it is necessary for a good athelte to be thick. Frank Ryan, 
quarterback for the Cleveland Browns of the NFL has a Ph.D. in 
math from Rice University, and thousands of other examples could 
be cited. But no, some people have the pre·conceived notion that once 
a sports program is begun, then it will balloon of itself, grow to gi-
gantic proportions, sweep away all the intelligence of the institution, 
and generally dictate the pOlicies of the school. 

An athletic program, which many people participate in, contrary 
to rumor, must grow along with the rest of the school. Funds that 
go to an expanded program are not diluting the amount that goes 
to academic affairs. Money appropriated for Basketball, football, 
?tc. including intramurals all comes from incidental fees, except for 
an initial amount from the Regents to get the program started. The 
funds that would go to e stablish a Black studies sequence, for in-
stance, have absolutely no connection with those for sports, and are 
appropriated in a totally different manner. 

Again, this campus will never be dependent on athletic proceeds 
for its schedule of offered courses, because it is public and tax-
supported, remember? 

From people who are supposed to know about such things, I am 
informed that the University of Michigan is one of the,top schools in 
the nation, academically. They also have an exceptionally large 
athletic program. (f "big-time" sports are supposed to destroy the 
institution, something has gone wrong at Michigan. 

You know as well as I do that many complaints about "big-time" 
sports at many colleges may be justified. But because it happens 
sometimes, this doesn't mean that all must follow. This campus 
was begun with the idea that it was going to be a little different, a 
certain uniqueness. But why throw out all that may be termed "tra-
ditional" college activities, particularly when they are applied in a 
:nanner which will enhance rather than tear down the so-called "aura" 
of intelligence of an institution. 

Math students c·ount on PSA 
,. 

Fly north for only $17.78 an Fr".nci co 
Onkland or San Jo!,c Electra Jeh SI7 .7R . 727 Fnn Jets 
SI9.85 . Sacramento SI9.RS amI $21.59 . L.A . all flights 
S6.35. Phone your cam pus rc·p or call PSA. San OiC;go 
29H -461 I . or your travel agc nt. yo ur cam pu S re p : 

.PSA SUSAN ,HUGH ES 
_ .... " .,. S()U'''wt~, . 1ft!A!S 222 - 2S 72 

qrtton ~TiIts 14 June 1968 ~age 21 
Swimmers and Water Polo Teams 
Fin i·sh Rough In itial Season 

The Triton tank crew's first 
year of intercollegiate competi-
tion proved to be a rough one. 

The Water polo squad wrapped 
up a disappointing 0-6 season with 
a close game against UC River-
side. Improvement, however, 
seemed to be the dominant theme 
as the Triton's opponents found 
it increasingly difficult to score 
a victory against the team as the 
season progressed. For instance, 
UC Riverside found themselves 
sorely beset by a well coordina-
ted Triton squad as the UCSDers 
quickly racked up the points to 
take the lead in the first half 
of the game. Unfortunately, "se-
cond-half" fatigue seemed to pla-
gue the team as it found itself 
unable to cope with a fourth quar-
ter surge by Riverside. The team 
apparently faced the same prob-
lem at a recent scrimmage with 
Chula Vista. 

It is hoped that this fall less 
time will have to be devoted to 
fundamental techniques and more 
time can be spent for condi-
tioning and inter-squad scrim-
maging. 

The beauty of an infant sport 
Is that almost all of next year's 
team is the returning last year's 
team. With this in mind, this fir st 
year's squad (mostly of frosh-
soph compostion) s hould be able 
to develop some outstanding 
teamwork within the next two 
years. 

Heading the list of returning 
"veterans" will be top scorer, 
Byron (the tentacle) King, along 
with Dave Stillinge r , Bob Kenel-
ly, and Kevin McCoy. Missing, 
unfortunately. will be the team's 

-. 

outstanding goalie, Jerry Kude-
nov, and offensive ace Andy El-
liot. Commendation must be gi-
ven to Mike ~rry on His expert 
coaching. Mike accomplished the 
difficult task of turning little 
more than raw material into a 
working team. 

Mentionalso must be made of 
the valuable assistance rendered 
by volunteer scorekeepers Mrs. 
Mike ~rry and Ann Green. 

With the gym facilities and 
natatorium lights finally in oper-
ation a somewhat brighter season 
should be in store for this next 
year' s water polo team. 

The real'thinclads 'of inter-
collegiate competition, the swim-
ming team, also coached by Mike 
Gerry, fared a little better than 
the water polo team. 

Finally, after an extr emely 
discouraging series of defeat s 
at the hands of such teams as 
San Diego State College and UC 
Irvine, the Triton swimmers sa-
vored sweet victory as the 
creamed UC Riverside 60-44 in 
their last meet of the season, 
avenging a loss in an earlier meet 
against Riverside 

An outstanding effort mu be 
credited to .. gutty" Kevin (the 
stud) McCoy, the team's sole 
entry in the NAlA championships. 
Kevin made the finals and pos-
ted a sixth in the 200 yard 
breaststroke with a bILstering 
2:23. 

The team's two otherprospec-
tive entries, Larry Troxell (dis-
tance) and Dave Stillinger (spr-
int, fre e) suffered from pulled 
muscles and qualiIyingtime trou-
ble, respectively. Aslo returning 

NAIA finalist Kevin McCoy after winning the 200 meter breast stroke 
against Riverside. Looking on are timers Jeff Chan, Dave Helland, Ann 
Green, and Dave Miyamoto. 

j! oma Porlal Service Cenler 
U -Haul Trailer R nta ls 
Complete Car Service 
Night Lubrication 

2902 Lytton Street , 

J. "B ill " Hirsch 
Phone 224-5331 

San Diego 

he orrey lnes 
ehristian Bhurch 

Most C~rdially Invite You to Its Sunday Service 
Church School 9 :45a .m. 

Morning Worship 9 :30 & 11 :00 a.m. 
Dr. Ewart Wyle, Minister 

SPECIAL: Univ r sity Stud nt s ~ Bibl CIa s 
in F llows hip Hall ach Sunday at 9: 30 a. m. 
leader: Dr. Galen M 11. You ar i nvit d. 

I Mile South of UCSD 
320 La Jolla Scenic Drive 

with the above trio to round out 
next year' s team are Byron King, 
Bob Siefert, Dennis Bryan, Pat 
Smith, John Sanders, Dave Fis-
cher, and Glen Forsch. 

As with water polo, the ac-
quiring of a few talented incoming 
frosh is a distinct possibility. 

To whom it may concern: 
(ahem) there are rumors of dor-
mant native talent in our midst-
a little depth never hurts ... and 
furthermore, the team was badly 
hurt in diving -- mainly because 
there weren't any divers. 

It is hoped the airborne set 
of the swimming team will be 
better represented next season. 
It would also be nice if some 
of the growing pains were el -
iminated by next fall j cases in 
point: availability of regulation 
start! ng blocks ( unfortunately, 
the unique construction of the 
pool lip does not a How for op-
timum starts), availability of wa-
ter polo goals (which havp yet 
to be assembled and mounted), 
availability of a wei ht room, 
locker and sho',l,er racill ies 
(which it is hoped will be at 
least in operation for fall Coot-
ball practice), and availability 
of continual pool use (m"!chanical 
failures with the pools accoun-
ted for several lost practice 
days at critical times during 
the season). 

It need hardly be pointed out 
that talent and desire must be 
complemented b} adequate facili-
ties in order to have a credi-
table intercollegiate team. 

The water polo team is en-
gaging a heavy season this next 
fall. As the schedule now stands 
thirteen games have been ar-
ranged. 

Wrestlers Plan 
Promlsln, Season 
" ext Year 

Last year, while participating 
in our first intercollegiate sea-
son, we had nine scheduled meets. 
Next year we have fourteen 
scheduled dual meets that include 
University of California, River-
side; Cal State Fullerton, San 
Diego state , University of Cal-
ifornia, Santa Barbara, Biol.a, 
and Cal Luthe ran. We also WIll 
compete in the San Fernando Val· 
ley Takedown Tournament, Biola 
Invitational and AlA District 
N3 Championships. 

Any student is eligible to try 
out for the wrestling team. 0 
one is rut from the squad al-
though it is mainly composed of 
Freshmen and Juniors. Wrest-
lers may move up to varsity status 
at any time during the season. 

A promising year lies ahead 
for the UCSD 1968 squad. Most 
of las t year's team will return 
and several additional new men 
will enter with the freshman 
class. Five returning lettermen 
will gree t Coach Millenbah for 
the 1968 s ason: Seniors Phil 
Costello, Willie Lorengenj Jun-
iors Jim Hamilton, Grif Stokes 
and Charles Carlsom. Also on 
hand will be standout fr shman 
Bob Wilson. Along w!thnext years 
improved schedule we will be 
wrestling Ul vur lit! W I!:YIIIIIa.:.iulII 
with a fully equip d wrestling 
room. In a brief span f two 
years, the UCSD wre !ling team 
has mushroomed into one of the 
fine s t intercoUegiat teams on 
campus. The CSD wrestling 
program says that excellence in 
education and excellence in ath-
I tics can compliment each other. 

, 



page 22 14 June 1968 q(itbl ~ 
Forbes Calls For BalQn~e , 
Between kademics and Athletics 

PoUcies and prO'.JeCiures de-
veloped governing Intercollegiate 
athletics at UCSD during the 
formative years continue to re-
nect those established by the 
tlculty and administration as a 
whole. 

The pbilosophy of intercol-
legiate athletics is reOected In 
these pollcles with reference to 
curriculum, scbolastic require-
ments, degree 'of emphasis on 
student activities, and facUlties 
available for our sports program. 

Although it is frequently at-
tempted on some campuses, there 
is sometblng vulgar and incon-
gruous In athletic programs 
which are deve loped out of keep-
Ing with the cbaracter and quality 
of tbe institution of which the 
athletic program is obstenslbly 
a part. This lnbarmODious de-
velopment is evident where the 
procram of Intercollegiate atb-
letics is permitted to be ,ell:-
cessively ambitious in proportion 
to tbe educational objectives of 
the institution, as if to proclaim 
that superiority In physical ac-
tivities will atone for the short-
comings of the institution as a 
whole. 

Inconsistency is also apparent 
In other universities wb1ch bask 
In the aura of medieval intel-
lectualism, wbUe at tbe saDllI 
time giving Up service to the 
contrtrotlODS tbeyare making to 
tbe total development of the in-
dividual. While decrying the evU 
forces which lead modern youth 
to value hlgbly tbeir social and 
athletic activities, these institu-
tions n.e ld teams which have little 
chance to be Victorious, as if to 
berald to the world tbat theproof 
of Intellectual superiority is to 

take a Ucklng every Saturday. 
It is the function of tbe De-

partment of Physical EducatiOD 
011 this campus, worldng closely 
with the faculty and admlnistra-
tiM, to bring tbe program of 
interco1leclate athletics Into bal-
ance and barlJlony w1th tbe char-
acter of UCSD and in keeplngwlth 
educational values inherent In a 
sound program of competitive 
sports. 

Ted Forbes 
Cbalrman, Department 
of Physical Education 

Sched ules Expandjng F or Al l 
UCSD Intercolleg iate Tea ms 

New teams added in the growing 
list of intercollegiate teams rep-
resenting the Tritons were base-
ball, volleyball, waterpolo and 
swimming. All but basketball, 
joined In the All-Cal Cbamplon-
ship events that b1gbl1ght each 
school year in athletics. UCSD 
sponsored the first annual All-
Cal cross country meet and the 
seventh annual Golf Classic whUe 
competing additionally' in tennis 
track and field, rugby, wrestling, 
saillng and fencing. 

tioD. 
student athletes competed In 

thirteen intercollegiate teams for 
the school year aDd for the first 
time In Its short history UCSD 
quaUtied three competitors for 
National competition. steve Wil-
son In wrestling, Tom Wolfe In 
track and field, and Kevin McCoy 
In Swlmmlnr. Kevin became the 
first athlete representing UCSD 
to bring bome a medal from na-
tional competltion. Swimmlngthe 
butterfly stroke, McCoy placed 
sixth while setting a new school 
record. 

This final pole vault plcture- of tbe year shows BUl Dower clearing 
the bar during one of his infrequent practices. 

Weasels 
Take Honors 
;n Playoffs 

The 1968 Intramural Sottball 
season ended with the Weasels 
the Champions of the Men's Lea-
gue, while the Purple Gophers 
slid into the winner's spot in 
the Co-ed league. 

The Tritons rounded outthe in-
tercollegiate season by fielding 
teams in basketball, crew, skiing, 
and karate. In the coming 1968-
1969 school year the San Diego 
campus wUl add three more 
teams to its intercollegiate ros-
ter. These teams will be soccer, 
gynmasitcis and football. This will 
brfng a total os si xteen teams 
representing UCSD in intercol-
legiate activities with other four 
year institutions and wUl place the 
Tritons in fifteen All-Cal Champ-
ionship events. The San Diego 
campus w1l1 host for the coming 
year the volleyball and wrestling 
tournaments. 

COACH LAUDS CAGERS ; 
IMPROVES SCHEDULE 

Neither team finished in first 
place in their respective lea-
gues at the end of regulation 
play, but strong hitting and more 
than a little luck brought victory 
in the play-orrs. 

The Weasels placed two men on 
the 1968 All-star team, with short 
stop Brian Todd selected for lst 
team honors, and Catcher Joe Al-
lred as an alternate. 

The final league standings were 
as follows: 

MEN'S FINAL STANDINGS 

A League: Won 

1. P. Gophers 5 
2. Weasels 4 
3. O. Shirts 
3. Argo III Gup. 3 
4. O. Shirts 2 
5. De Anza B. B. 1 
6. Beagle 1. T.C.H. 0 

B League: 

1. BOI 
2. M.T.'s 
3. Maulers 
4. P.M.L. 
5. Portola 

C League: 

1. But-Fakes 
2. D.B.'s 
3. B,B.'s 
4. Weeney 
5. All- stars 
6. Galathea 

5 
4 
3 
2 
2 

4 
3 
3 
2 
2 
I 

Lost 

0 
I 

2 
3 
4 
5 

o 
1 
2 
3 
3 

1 
2 
2 
3 
3 
4 

Girl8 !! !PLAJ'BOY wants 
you now ... P1~toaenic, 
vo tuptUOU8, LJe II bui l t . 
755-3837 ... Do it ~! 

Sp,,"" Mart 
(IN THE SHORfS) 

OPEN 7 AM TO lu PM 
/ DAYS A WEEK 

With the development of the 
Intercollegiate program UCSD bas 
an affUlaUon with the National 
Association of Intercollegiate Ath-
letics and during the 1968-1969 
school year the Department of 
Physical Education looks forward 
to joining the National Collegiate 
Athletics Association. This dual 
membership will bring abOut a 
broad opportunity of National com-
petition by athletes who qualify. 

Further development and ot 
interest to most students will be 
the possibility of the fir st devel-
opment of the AU University of 
California Conference. Extensive 
talks are continuing at this time 
with Riverside, Irvine to form a 
nucleus that would develop into a 
six team conference in the nottoo 
distant future. The picture looks 
bright for those who chose to 
compete in athletics on a high 
level of Intercollegiate compeU-

The 1967- 68 varsity Basketball 
team finished the fir st full varsi-
ty season with a 10-14 record. 
The Tritons were led in scoring 
by junior Bill Flatley (*24), who 
also sparked the Tritons with his 
fine defense and all-round court 
play. 

Steve Edney, the team's center, 
was the leading rebOunder and 
was rated the most improved 
player by his teammates for his 
tinal year's work. 

John Thomas W'lS rated the 
.. most valuable player" by his 
fellow teammates. John was the 
UCSDers second leading scorer, 
and was also second in total re-
bOunds. 

I would Uke to pay special tri-
bute to our graduating seniors, 
who for the most part, have been 
responsible for getting the inte r-
collegiate basketball program off 
the ground. These men include: 
Dennis Betcher, Steve Edney, 
Dave Shine, and John Thomas. 

At the present time, the Tri-
tons are preparing for the 1st 
annual UCSD summer basketball 
league. The summer league will 
consist of 8 teams from the area 

Where Students Are 
First Among Equals 

Uni!lPrt8itl.( Lutheran Chul'ch and Student 
Center, next to UCSD at the junction 
of La Jol,'La Shores Dr. and North To1't'ey 
Pine8 Rd. 

Experimental, Worship, Sundays at 10 a.m. 
Summer Seromon Serie8: 'Vonah and the 
SecuZar City" 
Seromon Feedback at tl1 a.m. in the student 
lounge 

The Rev. John George Huber, CampU8 Pastor 
Telephone 453-0561 
Serving "TOIIM" and "GOtm" Open To At t 

Including UCSD, Cal Western, 
Grossmont J.C., San Diego C.C., 
Mesa, Mira Costa, Palomar, and 
Southwestern J.C. The league 
will run every Tuesday and Thur 
sday nights starting at 7 pm. 
The games will start July 2 and 
run through the 29th of August. 
The games are free of charge. 

Next year' s basketball sche-
dule is now complete. The locals 
have added UC Irvine, Cal Tech, 
and the Untv. of San Diego to 
their much improved schedule. 

This year's freshman team fi-
nished the season with a 10-10 
record. The frosh were led in 
their scoring and rebOunding by 
their 6'4" forward, Brian Todd. 

Todd and Joe Alfred were se-
lected as honorary team captains 
by the frosh squad. 

No matter 

Highlights of next year's frosh 
schedule include games with UC 
Santa Barbara, UC Irvine, and 
the annual City of San Diego 
freshman tournament. 

We anticipate a much impro-
ved team tor the 1968-69 season. 
Along with returning lettermen 
Bill Flatley, Hal Capraro, and 
Kerry Klosterman, the Tritons 
welcome back from UC Irvine 
Jeff MUls, the 6'5" center who 
started at that spottwo years ago. 
These men plus Brian Todd, Joe 
Allred and John Hagar up from 
the freshman squad appear to be 
the varsity team for next season. 

Girls!!!PLAYBOY wants you now 
755-3837 ••• Must be photogeniC. 

how you get here ••• 
we're close byl 
Keep your money where It'! .. fe ••• ealv to get to and US4I ••• with a 
checking account and .. "Ingl acc;ount at San Dlego's oldest and 
largest local bank. We letfd money. too , . , for almoat any worthwhile 
purpose, (Our auto loar,{ ratll are especially low.) So :,. scoot by 
todey! SoutMrn Callfomla First National II the only bank In La Jolla 
Shores, Our friendly eiaff Is especially traIned to M,," co/lege men 
and women. . n:ATU-,.IIC . 

••• ,E ... t.L .... 
Southern Escr ••• 
CAUFORNIA FIRST 
National Bank 
LA JOLlA SHORES OFFICE 
"~.""""'La"""C • • _ 
..... :..... .... .. .. a' ......... 

UCSD 
67-68 

.. 

.. 

5 

Photos: 

DON BRIGHT 



Dage 24 I June 1968 

r/' ......... ..-----
--------


