
VOLUME 5, ISSUE 10 University of California , San Diego DECEMBER 6, 1968 

~:!~:~:.::: Faculty Fights For Relevancy 
I. Rece • • 

The Muir College student 
Rights Convention has recessed 
indefinitely with plans to recon-
vene early in the winter quarter. 

The decision was reached by 
Convention Chairman Harvey 
Daniels after the convention had 
already sat in two sessions. In 
its second session on Tuesday, 
November 19 , the convention body 
voted to recess until the follow-
ing Tuesday. 

At that time it was felt that 
attendence and interest in the 
convention would increase by 
waiting until that busy week of 
the Regents' meeting was over. 
It was also hoped that the week 
would be spent in discussions 
among individuals of the issues 
facing the convention. 

At the time scheduled for re-
convening the convention, how-
ever, there was so much other 
student activity in the wake of 
the Regents' resolutions, in addi-
tion to concern for the heavy 
schedule of students around fi-
nals week, that Daniels decided 
it would be better to indefinitely 
postpone the next session until 
the next quarter. 

The convention was convened 
by Muir Provisional Government 
President Ken Patrick in res-
ponse to a petition calling upon 
him to hold such an assembly 
as a first step towards the for-
mation of a Muir College Go-
vernment. 

1 ne Ad Hoc Committee which 
circulated this petition, which 
included Lenny Bourin, Peter 
Waasdorp, Harvey Daniels, Rick 
Doyle, and Pat Turnbul, secured 
some 350 names in support of 
a student Rirhts Convention. 

The petition called for specific 
bertnninr and endinr times for 
the convention, namely November 
18-25. However it was felt that, 
with Patrick's approval, the re-
cess would not harm or alter 
the othe r intents of the _ petition 

The first session was held on 
Monday, November 18, at 6:00 
p.m. in USB 2722. About 40 
persons attended this openinr 
session at which the reneral topic 
of dicussion was the purpose and 
dIrection of the convention. 

Patrick explained what had tak-
en place the year before at Muir 
intryini to set up a student (Ov-
ernment. 

Danie Is then led the discus-
sion in which pertinent questions 
such as the students' function in 
the academic community and the 
areas into which they should ex-
pand were raised. Concern was 
voiced for the amount of inter-
est reflected in the low attend-
ence. There were also questions 
of what the function of the con-
vention would actually be. 

As the exact purpose had been 
left open in the petition, many 
wondered if they were to write 
a ieneral bill of student rirhts, 
modeled after ' the Denver Uni-
versity B111 of Rirhts which the 
Ad Hoc Committee had raised 
as an example, or actually pro-
pose a structure for a student 
"overnment. 

The chair entertained a motion 
tor an a renda, and the tollowinr 
POints were eventually decIded 

The UCSD Academic Senate, 
meeting a week ago Tuesday un-
der rather unusual circum-
stances, passed several resolu-
tions which are quite important 
in the effect they will have upon 
the students, and in the possible 
repercussions there may be for 
the Unive r sity of California as a 
whole. 

The most strongly worded re-
solution stated that the Board of 
Regents had "gravely violated 
academic freedom by retroac-
tively cancelling a course ap-
proved by a duly authorized body 
of the UCB Academic Senate." 
This referred, of course, to Soc-
ial Analysis 139X that the Re-
gents summarily refused ac-
creditation at their November 
meeting in the UCSD gym. 

The resolution requested the 
General Secretary of the AAUP 
(American Association of Uni-
versity Professors) to conduct 
an investigation of the UnIversity 
of California. 

The other major action taken 
by the UCSD faculty was the 
formation of a special committee 
of five members speeifically to 
assist students in proposing and 
structuring courses dealing with 
issues of "contemporary social 
concern." 

The same resolution directed 
this committee as its first order 
of business, to establish a course 
dealing with racism in America, 
to be presented no later than 
Spring Quarter, 1969. 

After the Regents meeting of 
the previous week and the sub-
sequent s tudent protest on cam-
pus, a tense and dramatic at-
mospher prevailed at the Senate 
meeting. This body, whose mem-
bership consists of all ofUCSD's 
332 facuIty members, has only 
recently allowed two student ob-
servers to attend its meetings. 
However, on Tuesday many in-
terested and concerned students 
jammed into HL Aud to view the 
proceedings. 

The meeting got off to a peri-
lous start with some faculty 

. members asking for immediate 
adjournment unless the students 
were cleared from the hall. Fi-
nally, those students present left 
so that the Senate could consider 
a suspension of the rules to al-
low 10 as IDII!l stUC!eDt MIIIAI'VlAI'S: 

as space permitted. 
Such action required a tw<>-

thirds vote, and after some dis-
cussion, the needed margin was 
attained by a vote of 112 to 56. 
Some forty students were sub-
sequently admitted. 

other students watched the 
proceedings by means of a closed 
circuit TV network which was 

Diego 
mic Senate str ongly 
nds that Point 4 of 

resolution of Novem-
22 be regarded as an in-

regulation signifying its 
ment with the point of view 

by a number of Regents 
announcing their support of 

measure. 
further recommend that 
4 be replaced at or be-

the March meeting by a 
statement of policy on 

issues of responsibility for 
conduct and content of cours-
Such a statement of policy 

take the form: 
is the policy of the Re-
that: (1) Responsibility 

for each qlUrse of instruction 
the University shall be assigned 
to regularly appointed officers of 
instruction holding appropriate 
instructional titles. (2)Nothing 
in, this 'policy precludes the 
of guest participants in 
course of instruction nrn,v1f1lllm 
such use does not 
transfer of responsibility for 

I"VI',."",. or conduct ofthe course." 
We would then recomment 

each division adopt such re 
tions as it deems 
to assure accordance with 
policy. 

WHEREAS, the September 20 
solution of the Board of Re-

gravely violated academic 
m by retroactively can-

a course approved by a 
authorized body of the UCB 

Academic Senate; and 
WHEREAS, the November 22 

Resolution confirmed this viola-
of academic freedom and 

compounded this violation by re-
quiring faculty members to gain 
approval for the use of resource 

as they see fit; 
THEREFORE BE IT RESOL V-

ED THAT: 
(Coot'd on p.4, col. 1) 

beameg to the grassy knoll be-
hind the library. 

There was some displeasure 
with this set-up; several faculty 
members felt that live TV cover-
age changed the character of the 
meetings from a reasoned dis-
cussion to a theatrical perfor-
mance. The senate voted over-
whelmingly to discontinue such 
practices in the future. 

The first order of business 
was Chancellor McGill' s report 
to the Senate on the Regents' 
meeting. He thanked the stu-
dents and faculty for "main-
taining an atmosphere that was 
one in which the integrity of the 
campus was established." He 
reported that Governor Reagan 
had stated that he was complete-
ly satisfied with the sub-com-
mittee report which had been 
adopted. 

McGill continued, "A rather 
tense situation developed in the 

Revelle Plaza yesterday. I don't 
know how that matter has been 
resolved, but I hope that the dis-
ruption of classes has now ceas-

ed. I think we are past serious 
problems, although I wish I was 
more completely certain of this." 

The senate then considered fu-
ture student participation in their 
meetings. It was suggested that 
two undergraduates and two gra-
duates be designated as official 
representatives, and be given the 
same status as visiting faculty 
members, i.e., the right to speak, 
but not to be able to introduce 
motions, second motions, orvote. 
The Senate is also considering 
incorporating the AS president 
into the senate with full mem-
bership privileges . 

The matter ot releasing infor-
mation to the public was also 
discussed. It was decided that 
from that time on all approved 
resolutions would be released 
pflbl1cly, except under special 
circumstances, such as in per-
sonal cases. 

A report on the parking situa-
tion was tabled so that the senate 
could move on to more pressing 
matters. 

Gabriel Jackson, a member of 
the Statewide Committee on Aca 
demic Freedom, reported on the 
effects of the Regents' actions. 
He stated that their resolution 

col. 

upon as the topics to be di- ,Dr. Samuel Baron, one of the prime movers in the 
cussed: 1) DIrection, 2) Pre- recent fight for a ademic freedom, fields questions 

(Cont'd on p.5, col.!) from an audience composed of faculty and students 
the night of Nov. 24 in pr paration for the Convoca-
tion and Academic Senate meeting. 

CPI •• lllale. 
Coarse 
Inqairles 

A Center for Participatory Ed-
ucation on the UCSD Campus 
has been formed and is now try-
ing to gain approval for student 
initiated courses to be held in 
the spring quarte r_ 

The UCSD CPE began when 
Jim Minor, former AS Senator 
spurred by the Regents' Meeting 
and resulting Convocation, gat-
hered some friends to form a 
Committee modeled after Berke-
ley's CPE. 

Berkeley's CPE, started about 
two years ago as an outgrowth 
of the 1964 Free Speech Move-
ment, today sponsors about 60 
courses containing 5 ,000 students , 
with a $100,000 grant from the 
Ford Foundation. 

The UCSD CPE, fundless, is 
using many of Berkeley's tech-
niques in building toward the 
same success. 

First, it should be clear that 
the CPE does not start new cour-
ses, but only sponsors their in-
troduction to the Academic Se-
nate. 

The courses it sponsors are 
those initiated by any student 
or group of students who walks 
into the CPE Office (in 250 
MC) with an idea. 

This student(s) is asked to 
complete, with the assistance 
of the C PE, an outline of the 
proposed course, containing; 1. 
Its exact title, 2. A description 
of the course (content, format, 
etc), 3. Students (number, pre-
requisites, sections) 4. Cre-
dit, 5. Course leader, 6. Facul-
ty sponsor, and 7. Meeting time 
and place. 

This outline, expanded and for-
mallzed at present would be sub-
mitted to the Academic Senate's 
Committee on Educational Policy 
(CEP) that determines cur-
riculum and credit. 

The faculty is now forming 
a special committee to be res-
ponsive to student inittated cour-
ses and to work with the CEP 
but whose exact role is unclear. 

The CPE is an open sub-
committee of the AS and anyone 
who w01l1d like to serve on it 
or has any ideas for new cour-
ses is urged to drop in. 

S Aua lJiotatiol£ 
99uflated, *'ReG 
The Subcommittee on Revelle 

Plaza, which is temporarily act-
ing as the Free Speech Board, 
brought out its concern over 
violations of th regulations gov-
erning the use of amplification 
equipment in th plaza. 

The nature of tlte violations 
seem to inclu e the lack of auth-
orization for sounda llplification, 
the volume of th amplification, 
th use of unauthoI iz d equip-
ment, the time of such us ,and 
the placement and ci rection of 
the speakers. 

In fact, durtng th m tmg of 
th Revelle College Government, 
two member of th Fre ch 
Board went out to th plaza to 

formally present the u er of 
the equipment with the r gula-
tions and forms of that board. 
It was d cid d that prosecution 
should properly handled by 

(Cont'd on pA, cotS) 

--~ - ----- - --~ - -



, 

, 

" 

Pane 2 ='ECF.r~~E~ 6, 1963 
~---------.-----------

Guest Eel; orial 

The University Gap 
by Trish Cunningham and Jeer Brittain 

Radical changes affecting the 
majority are effected by the vocal 
minority and pushed on the apa-
thetic majority by the tacit or 
blind approval of that majority. 

What is this vocal minority? 
It is represented by that sector 
of the AS Senate which directs 
all socially, economically or 
politically significant actions at 
this institution towards ends 
which do not necessarily reflect 
the desires of the majority of 
students. 

What is to be done to insure 
that this university, both as an 
"educational institution" and as 
a political entity, does not be-
come the play pen of the radical 
element? Non radicals at this 
school are attacked by the radi-
cals because the non-radicals 
refuse to submit to the social 
pressure of radicalism. 

The radical element here has 
one-half of the senate votes, yet 
they do not have anywhere near 
one-half of the student body in 
their camp. The radicals would 
determine the atmosphere of 
UCSD for the larger part of the 
student body if aJlowed to go 
unchecked. 

Who are the people who are 
manipulating these well-inten-
tioned but intimidated pawns? In 
the Associated Student Senate, 
they form a voting bloc (with 
one-half of the votes on their 
side) to annihilate the desires 
of the non-radicals therein. 
Those members of the A.S. Sen-
ate who do not appreCiate what 
the radicals are doing are stym-
ied by the fact that only the 
radicals have taken any initiative. 

The manne r in which the Senate 
meetings are determined (by the 
radical elements of the Senate) 
is towards the expressed ends of 

the radicals themselves. This Is 
much to the unspoken (with the 
exception of one and only one 
time) chagrin of the non radical 
overpowered members. 

What can the silent and see m-
ingly non-existent majority of 
this campus do to counteract this 
trend towards minority rule of 
UCSD through majority inaction? 

1) Attend the ASUCSD Senate 
meetings on Tuesday night in the 
Chancellor's conference room 
(Matthews Campus) at 7:30 to 
see this sector in action. 

2) You have a legal right 
(by the parliamentary rules that 
certain Senators would just as 
soon see ignored in favor or 
anarchy) to express your rele-
vant viewpoints at the meetings. 

3) If you don't like what is 
going on at the meetings, let It 
be known how you feel. 

4) Don't be Intimidated. Just 
because someone else has a very 
big mouth doesn 't indicate that 
they are indicative of the true 
feelings on campus. Vocife rocity 
does not necessarily constitute 
validity. 

You have a right to express 
your viewpoints regardless of 
wbether or not they constitute 
the opinion of the vocal minority. 
Parliamentary procedure takes 
into consideration observers at 
the senate meetings. 

Don't be a tool -- speak your 
mind. In a campus as small as 
UCSD, each individual can make 
his opinion heard. Don't let other s 
do It instead of you. Academic 
learning does not, by any means, 
make up the totality of a uni-
versity education. All that Is 
needed is a little initiative, self-
respect and courage to stand up 
to what is going on at UCSD. 
Make your presence felt!! ! 

EDITOR IN '':HIEF 
J olm McC:<rthy 

NEWS EDITOR MANAGING EDJTOR 
Steve Landau Chris Sheldon 

SPuRTS EDITOR AD MANAGER 
Bob Gorby John Demir jian 
FINE ARTS EDITOR FEATURE EDITOR 
Paul Hamburg Tom Baker 

PHOTOGRAPHY EDITOR COpy EDITOR 
Doug Easton Haywood Gammon 

STAFF WRITERS 

Greg Reddin~ 
Jim Rothman 
Kerwin Lebeis 
Eric Halgren 
Portia La Touct e 
Clayton Anders)n 
Jeff Brittain 
Larry R:l.ful 
Craig Starr 

COpy CREW 

Nancy Keys 
Chris Pflu~eldt!r 
Andy Harris 

PHOTOGRAPHY STAFF 

Albert Elzas 
Jay Kromschroeder 
Lenny Bourin 

Jolm Sussman 
Herman Rumper 
Randy Ericson 
Max Sick 
George McCollister 
B!ll Alaoglu 
Bill Haverland 
Mill\:: Due:! 

FL'IE ARTS 

Dave Sacherman 
Joel Goodman 
Richard Harris 

JUSTOWRITERS 

Peter Lert 
Judy Allsburg 
Cindy Nielson 
Cindy Pick 
Suzanne Nester 
Darrell Icenogle 

II 

q(ittln ~ 

If 1 '69--A Banner Year 
For UC San Diego An open letter to the person or persons who defaced the Hu-manities Library Building: 

You have offended us. 
You have offended anyone who 

has any regard for beauty. 
by Gianna Oscuro 

We have dredged the depths 
of filth to lind words to vent our 
disgust for you, but none ar.e 
sufficient. 

If you have any respect for 
Eldridge Cleaver, you would not 
treat his name as a four letter 
word to be scrawled on walls in 
gaudy red Letters. 

If you have any respect {or a 
house of learning, you wouLd not 
treat its walls and portals as 
those of an outhouse. 

If you are disturbed by the 
difference between the campus 
and the ghettos, make the ghet-
tos a campus, not the campus a 
ghetto. 

In the mud Is not the same as 
of the mUd. 

You are of the mud. 
David and Shelly Perlman 
Norma Busby 

Editor, Triton Times: 
Considering the recent Issues 

on this campus such as the as-
sertion for pOlitical involvement, 
the Irony of peaceful antagonism, 
and the call for campus unity 
through the blind enthusiasm sy-
nonvmous with activism, one 
might naively assume that this 
is all because this is all that 
has been offered. Therefore, I 
am compelled to offer the fol-
lowing alternative found in the 
introduction of Walt Kelly's "The 
Pogo Poop Book" . 

" There Is no need to sally 
forth, for It remains true that 
those things which make us hu-
man, are curiously enough, al-
ways close at hand. Resolve then, 
that on this very ground, with 
small flags waving and tinny 
blasts on tiny trumpets, we shall 
meet the enemy, and not only 
may he be ours, he may be us." 

Sincerely, 
Charlie Chong 

1969 was a great year for the 
University of California, S.D. 
Some of the highlights: 

1. A motion was tabled by 
Governor Ronald Reagan, and 
supported by Regent Shirley 
Temple Black, Regent Fred As-
taire and Regent Clark Gable 
Jr., that all mid-terms as well 
as final examinations be approved 
by the Board. (The motion Is 
now under consideration by the 
other members of the cast.) 

2. The Department of Hebro-
American stUdies was establish-
ed. Chancellor Duncan McInnes 
was still looking for two eminent 
Hebro-Americans to fill new 
posts, at the professorial and 
associate professorial levelS, at 
the time of his resignation. 

3. Signs reading "Remember 
the Alamo" were plastered all 
over the campus buildings on 
Memorial Day by junior mem-
bers of the Pink Citizens Coun-
ell. They were passively non-
read by other students. 

4. Protests by Nippo-Ameri-
cans, demanding representation 
at all faculty meetings, were 
considered by the new Chance 1-
lor Dr. Dougall McLachlan. 
Speaking In Gae lic from the steps 
of Edward G. Robinson Hall, he 
said: "Scots wae hae ... " (The 
rest of his comments were 
drowned by a sudden outburst 
of brogue.) 

5. Professor Jones Chapman, 
of the Biophysical Hygiene Un it, 
announced the successfuldevel-
opment of an epidermal colori-
meter, by which the degree of 
underprivUege of any student can 
be determIned ob jectively with-
out recourse to embarrassing 
questionnaires. This was hailed 
by the Department of Philosophy, 
speaking in chorus, as a major 
techno-sociological break-
through. 

FREE ENTERPRISE 

THE AMERICAN WAY 

6. A small North Lebanese 
nag, found flying over the Stu-
dent's Amalgamated Coffee 
House on the Third Sunday be-
fore Tet, was promptly torn down 
and devoured by a platoon of off-
duty Marines. 

7. The Academic Seriate, after 
two stormy, all-night sessions, 
approved a motion submitted by 
the Chairman of the Department 
of Modern Literature, listing 173 
fou r-letter words which could 
be spelled out in Universitydocu-
ments without asterisks; fourteen 
for which two or more asterisks 
must be used; five which could be 
spelled only with asterisks; and 
three which were completely in-
admissible in any form . (Two 
members of the Department of 
Oriental Languages abstained, and 
one member of the Department of 
Religion collapsed. There were 
no other casualtle s.) 

8. The eighth Chancellor olthe 
campus, Dr. McTagaart Ewan 
McTaggart III, was inaugurated 
amid a skirl of kilts, pipes, and 
hagges. Speaking with a lump in 
his voice and a strong Pictish 
accent, he is believed to have 
said, "Och, aye .. ." before being 
howled down by Students of the 
Unaligned Center, in a counter-
demonstration for more and larg-
er teaspoons in the cafeteria. 

9. Members of the prospective 
graduating class declined to ac-
cept their degrees, pending the 
outcome of the debate on the 
notorious 75&-439-58089 A-
mendment to the Regulations, 
which would restrict cohabitation 
during coffee-breaks to TA's and 
teclmicians in biological labora-
tories only. 
10. Accreditation of UCSDasan 

Institution of Higher Learning 
was annulled sine die. Dancers 
around the maypole in Urey Plaza 
need no longer wear anything. 

AS . Senate Notes 
by Jeff Br ittain 

On Dece mber 3, the AS Senate met for the last time this quarter. 
President Tom Shepard asked for the Communications Board Appoint-
ments Recommendations Committee to have its report in by January 
7. 

This committee consisting of Senators steve Greenberg, Tom Peifer, 
Jeff Be'ljamin and Jon COllins, will also report on the two needed 
appointments to the faculty senate from the student body, which have 
not been fUied as of yet. The income generating committee, which is 
desperately needed at this campus, will have its report in by January 14. 

Atter those short announcements, Shepard turned the floor over to 
Dr. Penner from the AMES Department. Dr. Penner spoke on the 
course, Frontiers in Science, which he Is a part of, but seems to be 
suffering from lack of students. 

The course, in the spring quarter, will consist of 16 lecturers, who 
give one and a half hour lectures on the political and social Implications 
of scientific and tecMological advances, and is designed to give a 
factual background for public discussion of these Issues. Among the 
speakers will be Roger Revelle, for whom Revelle College Is name. 
The lectures wlll be on subjects ranging from the space program to the 
social problems of organ transplants and promises to be a most in-
teresting and ·Northwhile course. There will be nc final exam. Instead 
a term paper of appropriate topic will be assigned. 

The report of the Program Board Committee was then given by 
Gary Curtis. He said that there will be no more concerts like the 
Quicksilver affair until suitable noor covering is arranged for. 

TIle-tinancial report was then given: a residual of slightly over $700 
remained atter this quarter's events. 

The Ike and Tina Turner Revue will be here January 31 In the 
cafeteria. Prices are $1 with an AS card and $2 without. 

Among other things that the Program Board committee did this year 
with Its buct.get was to: plan basketball game halftime entertainment, 
decorate the Coffee Hut for Christmas, arrange with Dean Topolovac's 
office to put an outside theatre into the Coffee Hut, and arrange a 
speech-debate with Dr. Jolm Geddes of the Career-Education Planning 
Center. The Fund Generating Committee has not as yet met for various 
reasons. After the report was finished, Curtis announced that the 
Program Board was closed for the quarter . 

The Publlcity Report followed, given by Jim Magill. His group 
spent $1,850.57 this quarter, which was 14 per cent of the money 
collected from AS fees, on publicity and advertising for various 
events. 

Following this, the Senate passed a motion statIng that AS-appointed 
members of the Communications Board can vote on all matters, in-
cluding those involving policy decisions. The motion, as proposed by 
Bill Eastman, allows the AS members to help formulate polley for 
the board of which they are a part. There are four AS appointed 
members to the Communications Board. 

There will be a financial report given at the first senate meeting 
next quarter, January 7. 

******* Highlights of the 26 November AS Senate meeting 
In 'what has been the most productive senate meeting this quarter, 

the foHowing actions were taken: 
The Academic Senate will allow two non- voting memberships to be 

held by students. A three-student standing AS committee will investi-
gate this, and make appropriate recommendations. In the academic 
Senate meeting he ld last week, Tom Shepard reported that the Senate 
passed a resolution decrying the grave violations of academic freedom 
committed at the November Regents meeting and called for an investi-
gation by the American Association of University Professors, with 
censure one of the possible results of such an investigation. 

~he AS went on record as opposing the recommendations of the 
Chancellor's Intercollegiate Athletic Advisory Committee report in-
volving grants-in-aid for athletic endeavor and other fields of campus 
activities. President Shepard introduced this resolution, feeling that 
this financial aid was unnecessary. 

There was a $1200 profit from the QuicksIlver concert. However, 
there was an $800 bill for floor damage and a broken window. The 
question of fioor covering was raised. 

A third series of symposiums has been arranged by the Program 
Board, involving 10 politically involved students from UCSD speaking 
on the university as an organ of cllange. 

A jazz festival is being organized in cooperation with the rosic 
department to take place next year (1969). 

Since only 500 students voted in the fee referendum proposal, the 
fees will be collected for at least two more quarters, with the status 
quo being maintained until another election is held. The proposal on 
cheerleaders passed and became a part of the constitution. 

The financial report was given--4he AS has $800 left for the year. 
A committee was formd to look Into mear_'i of generating funds 
through AS participatory activities. 

The photography club was allocated $150, whUe the $42.10 in costs 
tMt the Muir conventIon had undertaken wlll be absorbed by the AS. 

The Center for PartiCipatory Education was officially established 
as a standing committee of the AS. The Academic Senate was com-
mended for its resolution of November 6 establIshing their commit-
ment to the CPE-student initiated course idea. The CPE was ap-
propriated $50, along with an office in 250 MC. 

.A committee on public relations was establlshed to act as a ]Jason 
between the university and the community. Seminars between the 
!1IIbllc and the students here were mentioned as a possibility. 

The Senate rescinded the unspent money that was allocated to the 
cheerleaders. 

Backslap with members of the Quicksilver Messen-
ger Service after the ir 'highly' successful concert 

(I.Jlnnl 
RCG RESPONDS 

TO: Tom Shepard, PreSident, 
Associated Students of UCSD 
Barry Shapiro, Graduate-Under-
graduate Liberation Front Paula 
Cate, Society for Human Aware-
ness in the Twentieth Century 
Peter Waasdorf, Tuesday t!le 
Ninth Committee. 

The Revelle Community is 
aware of the convocation and dis-
cussion that took place in the 
Revelle Plaza on November 25 
and 26. We dellberated many 
of the serious problems that be-
set the University of California 
in particular, and higher educa-
tion In general. Discussion of 
this nature must have the high-
est priority. 

It is therefore a primary res-
ponsibility of the Revelle College 
Government to do everything in 
Its power to faclIitate these dis-
cussions. To this end, we pro-
posed a change in the policy 
governing the use of sound am-
plification equipment in the Re-
velle Plaza. This policy was 
approved by Provost Saltman ex-
actly as it was proposed. 

Now it is quite evident that 
certain organizations and indivi-
duals do not consider the pollcy 
to be worthy of their respect, 
for it was unnecessarily violated 
on both days. That is to say, 
that the policy in its totality 
was ignored. We feel that we 
cannot ignore these violations, 
and want you to know that we 
do not Intend to do so. 

The Plaza is many things t( 
many people. We had to reo 
cognize this in our conslderatior 
of the proper role of sound am-
plification. Unavoidably, there 
had to be certain limitations on 
its use; time, place, volume,type 
of equipment, etc. In view of 
the recent petitions and com-
plaints received, we are con-
vinced that these limitations are 
necessary" reasonable, and just, 
and that they protect the rights 
of the members of the college 
community. 

Central to our pollcy is the 
appointment of a Free Speech 
Board, now consisting of two stu-
dents, one faculty member, and 
the Resident Dean. The Board 
has worked hard, has beenavan~ 
ble in the Plaza, has met on 
very short notice, and has been 
willing to grant exceptions to 
our regulations. 

Exceptions were granted by the 
Board on November 19, November 
22, and November 25. In addi-
tion, amplification equipment has 
been consistently furnished by 
the Board on short notice and 
free of charge. 

The Revelle College Govern-
Rlent must now consider action 
against those persons and organ-
izations who broke the regula-
tions on sound amplification. We 
i.;tend to do a careful job of 
investigation into this matter. 
Our responsibility is to the whole 
Revelle CoUege Community and 
we are determined to arrive at 
a just decision. 

Sincerely, 
The Revelle College Government 

(Tom Baer, Ann Conklin, Carl 
Neiburger, Carlos Blanco, Tom 
HuU, Wnliam Reiner, Michael 
Brown, Robert Kavanaugh, Sus,an 
Smith, Rodney Burton, Norman 
Kroll, Sharon Wilson) 

DECEMBER 6, 1968 Pa~e 3 

Simple Paper Proof 
by John 

For those obviously late and 
unfamiliar, about a year ago I 
swore I would never grovel be-
fore the gods of the Department 
of Motor Vehicles so long as 
they made the requirement that 
I needed a passport or a birth 
certificate in order to be li-
censed to drive on the public 
highway. 

Permission to drive, it seem-
ed to me then, was based reas-

. onably only on ability to drive 
(and a conscious willingness to 
abide by the ru les of the road), 
and the r equirement that every 
man should identify himself be-
fore he even was allowed to take 
a written test. This was clearly 
an effort by the State to turn the 
driver's license into an Identity 

card-a handy device for totali-
tarian societies. 

I said I would have no part of 
it. Well, I've had part of it. 
Living in Ocean Beach and going 
to school here at UCSD is pretty 
well hampered by the lack of a 
llcense. And so I've uncondition-
ally surrendered. At least It was 
almost uncondltlonal1y. In my 
name is a bona fide Callfornia 
State driver 's lIcense-complete 
with an identification number one 
code letter and six digits long. 

All the while my private wind-
mill tilting has been going on, 
I've seen one or two other phe-
nomena that have been as Alice 
in her own Restaurant as my 
own crusade. 

The fir st of the coincidental 
curiosities was a mere conver-
sation-nothing more. Well, all 
right, something more. It was 
a conversation with a highly 
placed official in the Motor Ve-

hicle Establishment of one of the 
great Eastern states. He said 
two things; and because they 
were off the record (more or 
less) he remains unidentified. 

First, he said preliminary in-
vestigation disclosed that the 
people who were getting tickets 
didn't seem to be the same people 
who were getting themselves in-
volved in accidents. 

Then, he said it was the busi-
ness community that was impos-
Ing the need for some kind of 
Identity card on the state; local 
auctioneers, yacht brokers, ant' 
sellers of Iranian caviar wou ld 
cash no checks without seeing a 
driver's license first-QJ1d so 
the state was finding It necessary 
to turn the operator's permit 
into something far beyond a sim-
ple paper indication of proof that 
its holder could, with skill and 
prudence, drive a car. 

The first revelaUon-that tick-
et gatherers and accident gather-
ers were probably two different 
sets of people-blows the whole 
point/guilt system out the win-
dow. What good Is it to remove 
high pointmenfrom the roads if 

it's someone else who is re-
sponsible for spreading pools of 
blood on the old interstate? 

Well, It makes sense only if 
you need a little terror to under-
score the cataloging of people 
through the licensing system. 
Keep records on them. Make 
them stand at attention and pro-
duce a card at the merest whim 
of a highway patrolman who is 
all teeth and shining boots; and 
then, maybe, at the merest whim 
of anybody in the government. 

It's inefficient, not keepingab-
solute track of people especially 
for Internal Revenue andGenera 
Louis Hershey (who has his own 
little card system going). Be-
sides which, how can you lay the 
blame at the doorstep of the 
DMV when It's obiously'the gro-
cer down the block who wants 
some kind of card? It 's perfect. 
Bigger big government through 
little tree enterprise. A love ly 
cOll-4nd plausible too. 

Demirjian 
So much tor the DMV Man and 

his logic. On to the bird watchers. 
The birdwatchers have suc-

ceeded in convincing the courts I 
in Connecticut that it is evil to 
operate a vehicle of any sort 
without mufflers on private 
roads. SImilar laws exist in Cali-
fornia. While that may mean the 
end of racing at Carlsbad and 

Riverside, it may also mean the 
end of heavy construction In the 
whole state. Who ever heard of a 
muftled 90-ton earth mover or 
road grader? 

There are coincidental judge-
ments or points of view and 

there' s one pattern to the m: the 
automobile Is an anathema. ev-
ermind that racing involves in-
terstate Commerce, that the big-
gest companies in the country 
are sufficiently committed to 
racing as a marketing device 
that they spend millions on it 
and that one out of every five or 
six people in the land Is em-
ployed in automotive something 
or other. ("The car Is bad. 
We're not sure why it's bad, 
but that doesn't make any dif-
ference. We're just sure it's bad, 
and that's enough for us.") 

Tbe auto mobile, which be gan as 
a simple source ot revenue, has 

suddenly turned into a lure and 
a snare with which to control 
the populace. I don't much like 
that. One of my reasons is that it 
turns the automobile from an ex-
ercise in satisfaction into a ride 
from the bullpen at Auschwitz to 
the mound at Buchenwald. 

And I'm not fond of having the 
things [ especial1y enjoy turned 
against me. The hassle that Is so 
commonly experienced from such 
protectors of the law as the 
SDPD often utilizes the driver's 
license as a means of identifi-
cation and consideration of it as 
a representation of your driving 
ability is ignored. 

1t is an expression of attitude 
that is more than simple petu-
lance. Some people may think that 
we are in occupied Germany 
rather than the free streets of 
the United States. Seemingly an 
attitude that you must have identi-
ticatlon and that Identillcation 
must be a driver's license is 
wrong. Thus a thing once enjoyed 
is slowly being turned against the 
enjoyer. 

The Motor Vehicle Identity 
card is bad. It threatens the end 
of the automobile. Nobodyargues 
the need for control; but to seek 
It In control of everyday human 

pursuit instead of everydaydriv-
ing technique Is the wildest kind 
of misplaced bureaucratic mad-
ness. It 's gOing to be tough enough 
to re-educate drivers so that 
they might understand that a car 
can be controlled in emergency 
situations. 

Why the hell are we wasting 
our time providing supermarket 
check cashing cards in the tirst 
place? 

STUDENr 
DISX>UNT 

10% off with AS Card at: 

Featuring, from South America: 
• Alpaf:a hats &. ponchos! 
· Sen ouous fur rugs! 
-Ancient Andean idols! 
.Sympathetlc Koala bears! 

8010 [I Paseo Grande 
La lolla Shores 459·2026 
, (six blocks south of Scripps) 



, 

Paqe 4 DECEMB~R 6. 1968 qijtJI 91ir< 
R 5. ThattheSenate~ecommends . AAUP was conducted in the fifties I . 1 a subtle defiance of the Regents, •••• ••• that the committee consider as it was specified that such cours- dealing with the loyaltyoathques- (Cont'd from p.l, col.5) 

) Its first order of business the tlon, and censure action was (Cont'd from Pg. I., ,01.3 establishment, no later than the es could make use of non aca- taken. After some debate the the Revelle College Judicial 
The A d i Se f the demically accredited individuals t C Itt ca em c r.a 0 Spring Quarter, 1969, of a course motion passed by a vote of 79 0 omm ee. 

San Of 01 i I t th who "possess views and informa- Thi j di ial Itt ha ego v s on Nques s e dealing with racism in America. 56. s u c comm ee s 
General Secretary of :he Amerl' _ tion relevant to the subject matter power to rule on cases in which f th Another motion which was di-can Association of University F It F' ht 0 e course. " a Revelle College rule or a un1-acu y Ig S Aft: di 1 d rected specifically to Chancellor Professors to conduct an investi- er some scuss on, an versity-wide rule has been brok-

(C t'd f P I 14) I hind' th William NcGUl, was passed by galion of the University of Cali- on rom g. ,co. severa c anges wor mg, e en and could also hear the case 
•
'ornla. X resolution was adopted bya large a unanimous vote. The resolution against those who entered class-

concerning Social Analysis 139 in read as follows: "Bill, put 
WHEREAS a great university' hild been a "colossal blunder." marg. another roll on the player plano rooms and disrupted classes. 

has an obligation to concern it- He had seen the course outline A resolution was then intro- The formal establishment of 
d d that h d be ed b and keep playing ... self with free and cogent inquiry and bibliography~ and had heard uce a en prepar Y the Revelle College Judicial 

into issues of contemporary so- testimony of many involved in the three professor9-Drs. Baron, The Senate meeting had begun Committee was accomplished at 
cial concern; and course. " Whatever technicaldlf- Parrish, and Nauen. Thisresolu': at 3:30 in the afternoon, and by a meeting that same day, Novem-

WHEREAS these issues fre- ficulties in course structure may tlon strongly reprimanded the 7:00 some of the members were ber 26, in the Provost's office 
quently transcend the traditional have arisen, the course turned Regents for the action taken at anxious to adjourn. However, in at 8:00 p.m. It was assumed 
boundaries between academic out in operation to be a fine one," the September and November the closest vote of the day, the that the RCJC could go to work 
disciplines; and Jackson commented. meetings, deeming such action a faculty refected the motion to with the Provost's approval, al-

WHEREAS the students of this A resolution was presented at grave violation ofacademicfree- adjourn by the slim margin of 65 though this committee will be 
campus have manifested a deep this point which recommended dom. The resolution called for to 62. approved later by the students 
interest in furthering their edu- that point 4 of the Regents re- an investigation of the University Professor Halpern still had in the constitution. 
cation by exploring issues of solution of November 22 be re- of California by the GeneralSec- several more resolutions topre- In general, the RCJC is com-
this kind; garded only as an interim meas- retary of the American Associa- sent, most of which had been the posed of three faculty members 
THEREFORE BE IT RESOL VED ure , and that authority in a course tion of University Professors. product of the faculty caucus that and four students and can hear 

1. That the San Diego Di- . be delegated solely to the officer AAUP is a voluntary organ i- had been held the previous Sun- cases involving infractions of 
vision of the Academic Senate of instruction in that course. zatlon that consists of a majority day. However, in Ught of the Revelle College or university 
of the Univer sity of California "Nothing in this policy precludes of college proofessors in this ' late hour, he agreed to refer rules committed by students, fa-
establishes a special committee the use of guest participants in country. Dr. Sam Baron of the the matter to committee for a culty and administration. 
of five members of the Academic any course of instruction pro- History department recently or- report at the next meeting. After searching out the facts 
Senate; vided such use does not con- ganized a UCSD chapter of that Halpern did give a brief sum- and making its judgment, the 

2. That this committee shall stitute substantial responsibility organization, and is currently mary of two of the remaining committee can take one of the 
be responsible for proposing c re- for the content or conduct of the local president. proposals. One constituted an following courses of action: cen-
dit courses to the Senate Com- cour se," the proposal stated. The senate s truck the last open defiance of the Regents, sure, warning, restitution, con-
mittee on Educ~tional Po- . This resolution was subse- four words of the resolution, by stating that the faculty finds duct probation, or disciplinary 
licy, which cour-;es deal with is- quently adopted by the senate, "looking towards possible cen- their directives inoperable, and probation. However, for faculty 
sues of contemporary social con- although several faculty mem- sure," that referred to the in- will therefore ignore them. The and staff of the university the 
cern. these courses are to bers protested that several more vestigation to be conducted. other dealt with educational re- courses of action are limited to 
be offered under the sole or strongly worded resolutions Censure by the AAUP is no for IB-grades , course require- only censure or restitution or 
joint authority of the schools, which were still to be presented matter to be taken lightly. An ments, etc. . recommendations to the Provost, 
colleges, departments, or other should be heard before voting on investigation by this body con- Chancellor, or President of the 
academic agencies approved by anyone of them. sists of considerable study on the Quite a lot was accomplished University. 
the Board of Regents. Paul Chapin, Professor of part of an appointed faculty com- at this meeting of the Academic The committee can try cases 

3. That this committee shall Linguistics, read a resolution mittee, including negotiation with Senate, and definitive action was appealed from lower courts s uch 
encourage and assist students concerning the establishment of university personnel. Censure is taken on several matters. How- as a residence hall court and 
or student groups in the propo- a five-member faculty comittee voted upon by the AAUP mem- ever, the next meeting, which will may make official comments or 
sal of courses. that would "be responsible for ber ship, and if approved, the take place in January could prove the fairness of other cases no 

4. That courses proposed by proposing credit cour ses to the institution involved is placed on to be equally irportant. Several appealed. 
this commUtee may make appro- Senate Committee on Education- a censure list. This makes it matters which relate deeply to Rigid measures are used to 
priate use of individuals who, al Policy, whieh courses deal extremely difficult for that in- student involvement and partici- insure the fairne ss of a trial in-
while lacking academic degrees with issues of contemporary soc- stitution to r ecruit professors patlon in the academic affairs of cluding that charges and evi-
or instructional titles, possess ial concern." who belong to AAUP, and is a the university, as well as further dence against a student be made 
views and information relevant In what could be interpreted, moral stigma to it. action to be taken in response to known to him, that hearings will 
to the subject matter of the and was admitted by some of the Such an investigation by the the Regents will be considered at be open unle ss the defendant 
course; initiators of the resolution . to be this meeting. wishes otherwise. 

fiiAPPyHOii~ys-IIlIWlWIIWIIWIIlIII/IIJ!JMJII/IIlIII/II)M"'IIllJIIIWII)MII/IIJII/IIJ~WMl 

I I~O/ll, tAt '1a,[caLtf 6 Sui! 01 ues'/J 
I Student Health Service I " [rom. the staff. .. II Office of Auxillary Enterprises & Groups 2 & 3 Equip. Music Dept. Oscar, Wayne, Donna, Pat, Shirley, "f roUl Bach, EverU, Dennis, Laurie 

e l ectronic s, 

I 
! 

and the r st of us .. . II Provost Office , Muir 
"froUl all the staff. .. " 

Happy Holida ys! 

Office of Housing Services 
Sea son I S Gre etings Enid, Gloria , Flo, Marilyn 

"Have a ve ry good holiday! ! II 

foreign student office & education abroad program Environmental Health & Safety 
Ward, Virginia , Ruth , Carolyn , Terry AI, Phil, Joe, Ann 

I Office of the Business Manager I Joe, Bill, John, Kathy, D pt. of Anthro DEAN NAIBERT FINANCIAL AIDS Cashier's Office B e tty, Betty, Ruth, Dot 
1I1h rta, Pat, Bobbie, Neive.. 

SPECIAL SERVICES 
JOHN -- WANDA 

" from all of us ... " 

Work-Study Office 
Pat - - Shirle n 

Visual Arts Dept. 
II Sea son I s Gr ting s" 

EOP 
Kern , John , Ralph, Shirl ey 

Judy & Virginia 

GEORGE , JEWELL 
D ELORES, MOLLY 

The STAFF & the Vice Chancellor-administration extend Season's Greetings to all ... 
MR"~MNtJ __ NBfM""WMftB"""'.".It)W •• MW"."'._'t •• ftJ.-•• "'''-¥"'.,..."'W. W.,.-¥ 

•• Ir BI.II •• 
(Cont'd from Pg. I, col. 1) 

amble, 3) Personal RiChts, 4) 
Freedom of expression, 5) stu-
dents' I..epl Hlchts, 6)Academic 
RiChts, 7) Community Relations, 
8) Housine, 9) student Govern-
ment, and 10) Student Orcaniza-
lions. The motion for adjourn-
ment wasunanimouslypassed at 
7:55 p.m. 

The second session met the 
followine nieht at 6:00 In the 
lower 10unce of Drake Hall on 
the Matthews Campus. Daniels 
opened the discussion to the first 
topic on the aeenda, "Direction." 
A decision was reached early to 

.. write a Bill of Richts upon which 
a eovernment could later be built,· 
but there wu still a cootro,ersy ' 

between those whowantedadocu-
ment only for students and those 
who envisioned a document for 
the entire community. 

Dr. Anthony Wilden of the Muir 
Literature Department, the only 
faculty member present on Tues-
day nleht, succested that it was 
not the place of the convention 
body to say what the rirbts of 
the faculty or the administration 
were, but that the students should 
make their position clear, and 
that would force the faculty and · 
administrators to meet the stu- . 
dents at some point with a state- -
ment of their own bellefs and · 
positions. . 

The motion to write a Blll of 
student Rlehts, moved l:y Peter 
Waasdorp, was adopted. 

ERIC BURDON, pictured above, & THE ANIMALS, one of the na-
tion's most popular selling record groups, will be making their last 
farewell appearance Saturday, December 7, at the Community Con-
course, at 8:30 p.m. 

The group has consistently stayed in the top 10 for all their single 
releases and has had a number of million selling albums. 

Tickets are on sale at the North Park Box Office, 291-3020. 

DECEf1BER 6 1968 °a e 5 

Pick up you r free numbered flower at 
Stu.iuJ. IfdiJl~ O/fa 

~. 250 _ 
~ ~ .J(eA1?1tq 1fteSA ()OJ..J(SW~Ge?t 

to be eligible. 1170 J<aw( 1Ifu. 1U S",~, 271-7/00 
_ --.<Y' . ~l 
~M_MWMM!JMJ---!JMJM~~sEASoWsGREETiNGs:,t 

IUJM tu 1!ltUUItU 01 f0lJ,~ 1968 1969 Stu4tltt 7JiucttJ~f 

5759 La. Jolla Blvd 
La. Jolla 

United Radiator Service 
1705 National Ave. 
San Diego 

&lw "Boo~ Stou 
1122 Wall street 
La Jolla 

La Jolla Auto Body and Glass 
565 Pear I st. 
La. Jolla 

Occidental Insurance 
KARL B. HILL 

Rizzo's TV and Radio Service Coletta Grace Interiors 
7770 Herschel 7462 Girard 

La. Jolla 

J.ofbfljQ" I /v;,U IuvJIt Io~ httIt 
2164 1/2 venida De 
La Playa, La. JOLLA 

410 Bird Rock Ave. 
la jolla 

Casa La Guitarri 
635 Pearl street 
La Jolla 

LA J OLLA FEDERAL Saving & Loan Assn 
1100 WALL STREET, LA JOLLA 

La Jolla 

Garver's Garage 
7464 Draper 
La Jolla 

Montgomery Field 
San Diego 23 

Torrey Pines Insurance Agency 
1222 Prospect 
La Jolla 

Nelson Photo Supplies 
1917 Ind ia st. 
San Dielro 

Bud's Radiator Shop 
7464 Draper 
La Jolla 

731 Pearl Street 
La Jolla 

Del Mar Travel Service 
1150 &way 101 

La Jolla Office Equipment 
7441 Girar~ 
La. Jolla Del Mar 

1/Q(JJW 6f A~ la tienda mexican & american food 
7766 Girard 
La Jolla 

1431 Camino Del Mar 
Del Mar 

La Jolla Typewriter Co. 
. 1717 Hiway 101 Casa Blanca Motel Solana Beach 721 Pearl La Jolla 

ilfMM .. ,.. ....... lV ..... ..,.. 

~-~- -- -

Kawasaki Downtown House Of Portra~ts 
928 India street 1430 Camino del Mar 
San Diego Del Mar 

Fiesta Tra1vel Service 3595 Sports Arena Blvd, s .d 



., 

Page 6 DECE~RER 6. 196& 
• 

New Look at the Old Hershey 
I am convinced that the great 

majority oHhe institutional pre s-
idents, administrative officers, 
faculty members , and students 
are the kind of people this coun-
try needs and has. Unfortunately, 
through the technical efficiency 
of our means of communication, 
that Is not the kind of colle ge 
and university presIdents, ad-
ministrative officers, faculty 
members, and students that the 
public, the silent public, has been 
bearing from and abOut. 

tMitor's note: The following 
article was written by Selective 
Service director Gen. Louis B. 
Hershey before the commence-
ment of the current quarter.) 

When this is read, we shall be 
approaching the beginning of an-
other college year. What can 
the Selective Service System ex-
pect to meet in problems of 
deferment this coming college 
year? 

Some of the problems will be 
old ones, recurring ones, some 
experienced last year, and some 

. new this year, particularly in the 
area of what has been the gradu-
ate school deferments. 

The Selective Service System 
will continue to be faced with 
problems as the refiection of the 
problems faced by those who ad-
minister, teach, and presumably 
learn in the colleges and uni-
versities. In other words, the 
problems of the preSidents, the 

, 

faculties, zrn1 the students of our 
educationalinstituUons. 

It is forseeable that the new 
legislatlon in the several states 
and the new Congress of the Unit-
ed states will inquire far more 
searchingly into the objectives of 
educational institutions, and how 
these objectives are related to the 
funds furnished through a wide 
variety of methods for the support 

. of these institutions. What the re-
suits of the inquiries will be Is . 
not certain. 

j)ec1sio" 
.s/ 
])~c is ' · 

I 0l?s I 
• 

Some decisions are relalivelY unimporlant. 
Where YOU pul your engineering 
lalenllo work is nOI. 

It is a tragedy that the image 
of our educational institutions is 
being created by the few, loud 
and irresponsible that they are. 
There is a great danger that the 
silent, long- suffering members 
of society w1ll place restrlctioDi' 

As you contemplate one of the most important decisions of your life, we invite you to consider a 
career at Pratt & Whitney Aircraft. Here, you will find wide·open opportunities for professional growth 
with a company that enjoys an enviable t\!cord of stability in the dynamic atmosphere of aerospace 
technology. 
We select our engineers and scientists carefully. Motivate them well. Give them the equipment and 
facilities only a leader can provide. Offer them company-paid, graduate·education opportunities. 
Ercourage them to push into fields that have not been explored before. Keep them reaching for a 
lit-Ie bit more responsibility than they can manage. Reward them well when they ~ manage it. 
Arid your decision is made easier, thanks to the wide range of talents required . Your degree can be a 
B S., M.S., or Ph.D. in: MECHANICAL • AERONAUTICAL • ELECTRICAL • CHEMICAL • CIVIL • 
MARINE. INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING • PHYSICS • CHEMISTRY • METALLURGY • MATERIALS 
SI;IENCE • CERAMICS. MATHEMATICS • STATISTICS • COMPUTER SCIENCE • ENGINEERING 
S ;IENCE • ENGINEERING M CHANICS. 

C)nsult your college placement officer-or write Mr. William L. Stoner, Engineering Department, 
Pratt & Whitney Aircraft, East Hartford, Connecticut 06108. 

Pratt & Whitney Aircraft 
EAST HARTFORD AND MIDDLETOWN, CONNECTICUT 
WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA 

U 
DIVISION O~ UNITItD RAAI'T COAPOAATION 

.~4Utl 0,""",,,,,, , ... ploy., 

on all fo r the {mage created by 
the few • 

The financlal support of educa-
tional institutions depends to a 
ve ry large degree upon other than 
those who are enjoying the pr ivi-
leges and repaying by dissatis-
faction and, even wor se , by creat-
ing chaos which depr ives tbe in-
stitution of its ability to perform 
the functions for which it is be ing 
subsidized by Nation, state, and 
other sources of support. 

Few of the presidents and ad-
minstrators have abdicated their 
responsibility. But some well-
advertised ones have. The great 
majority of the faculty have ac-
cepted the ir obligations as lead-
ers, but noisy, irresponsible, 
even unlawful ones have not and 
the press, the television, and 
the radio have featured the mem-
bers of faculties in their short-
Sightedness, their direct and in-
direct efforts to encourage law-
lessness, and their prostitution 
of teaching ethics by such arti-
fices as giving all students" A" 
to evade their plain duty to deter-
mine the satisfactory scholar-
ship of a student. 

The outcries fr om the faculty 
members, and even presidents, 
who certainly should have known 
better on reclassification of stu-
dents who openly disobeyed the 
very laws by wbich they were 
deferred, is an example of the 
depths to which control has fal-
len in the operation of some in-
stitutions. The complete loss of 
control which followed could not 
be other than inevitable. 

The question for the coming 
year is what has been learned 
tly administrators, faculty mem-
bers, and students. Will the edu-
cational institutions be operated 
by the administrators? If not, . 
there will be a sharp decline in 
means for operation from what-
ever source they have come. 

With frequent interference in 
operation, how long will students 
who want to learn frequent such 
an institution? How can the Se· 
lective Service System find a 
students satisfactorily pursuing a 
full- time course when he is pre-
vented from doing so by others, 
or he prevents others from doing 
so? 

wi'll faculty members who be-
Ueve that academic freedom cov-
ers disrespect for our Nation and 
disobedience of its laws be al-
lowed to continue to prey on stu-
dents even to require them to 
attack the actions of government 
officials at tile price of pass ing 
grades? 

I believe there are encouraging 
indications that the sUent citi-
zens are nearing the end of their 
patience and such faculty mem-
bers will reform or cease to be 
subsidized in their attempts, 
realized or not, to destroy the 
United States we have known and 
loved. I cannot help but believe 
that the root of the difficulty of 
rebellious students came directly 
from llle affirmative efforts of 
some of the faculty members and 
the negative failuTe of others. 

The students, regardless ofthe 
factors which are the causes , will 
be the ones the Selective Service 
must deal with in the majority 
of the problems. It is certain 
that Congress will not tolerate 
the Selective Service System de-
ferring students to permit them 
to disrupt educational institu-
tiens. 

Nor do I believe that Congress 
will tor long provide funds to 
educational institutions to pay 
faculty member~ who Incite stu-
dents to disobey the Selective 
Service law, or tolerate, as satis-
factory, students . who do so. I 
believe that there is an implied 
character and integrity require-
ment for a student who is being 
trained to be an effective citizen 
of the United States. 

It is impossible to be Heve the 
state or the Nation intends to 
subsidize any further education 
of those who faU to demonstrate 
either the capacity or the desire 
to be law-abiding citizens of their 
State and Nation. 

Raful 'on SpOrts 

'Tis the Season 
This being the last issue of 

the Triton Times for this quar-
ter, it is my duty to now write 
the following column. 

Every sports columnist that 's 
ever read his secret handbOok 
issued at training school will 
remember Article 3, Section 7 
of the Secret Pledge. It specifi-
cally states that it is my duty. 
as a sports columnist, to pre-
dict the wInners of the bOwl 
games that are upcoming this 
month-'tis the season! So, here 
goes. 

1Jec. 14 - Liberty Bowl, at 
Memphis. Mississippi vs. Vir-
ginia Tech in the first big bOwl 
game of the season. By virtue 
of Mississippi's win over bowl-
bOund Alabama and Tech's loss 
to 'Barna ant! mediocre Kansas 
State, I'll have to go with ole 
Miss. star quarterback Archie 
Manning and the Rebels. Make 

it Mississippi. 
Dec. 28 - Gator Bowl, at Jack-

sonville, Fla. Alabama vs. Mis-
souri in what should be one of 
the tew lopsided games of the 
post season action. 'Barna's 8-2 
season record shows the usual 
fine year the Crimson Tide had, 
and Missouri will prove no match 
tor Coach Bear Bryant's young 
team. Alabama, all the way. 

Sun Bowl, at El Paso. Aubufn 
vs. Arizona in the other lop-
s ided game taking place In the 
Dec. bOwls. Auburn had a great 
year despite their 6-4 record. 
They provided tough opposition 
for three bowl-bound teams, and 
beat Cotton Bowl-bound Tennes-
see. Arizona, on the other hand, 
should not really be in the Sun 
Bowl, as any Ar izona state fan 
will tell you. Auburn, easily. 

Dec. 31 - Bluebonnet Bowl, at 
Houston. Oklahoma vs. Southern 

Methodist In a close one. SMU, 
with a season r ecord of 7-3, 
chalked up a win over powerful 
Auburn. Oklahoma, also 7-3, has 
a great offense in quarterback 
Bob Warmack and tailback steve 
Owens. Although they lost to a 
miserable Colorado team, the 
Sooners beat Orange Bowl-bound 
Kansas to tie for the Big Eight 
title. In a tight one. call It 
Oklahoma. 

. Jan. I - Sugar Bowl, at New 
Orleans. Arkansas vs. Georgia, 
which should be fairly easy to 
predIct, will still be an exciting 
game. Georgia , No. 4 in the coun-
try, and a season without a loss 
(8-0-2), shouldn't change their 
winning ways in this game. Ar-
kansas was 9-1, but tbeirsched-
ule wasn't too tough. In one 
quarter of the New Year's Day 

football action, make it Georgia. 
Cotton Bowl, at Dallas. Texas 

vs . Tennessee before the pro-
Longhorn fans. This is a battIe 
between Texas ' great running 
back Chris Gilbert (number 3 
in NCAA list of total all-time 
rushing), and Richmond Flow-
ers, the equally speedy flanker 
back trom Tennessee . Tennessee 
barely be~t poorly equipped rival 

Vanderbilt, with Flowersscor ing 
once. Texas, with their new "Y 
formation", has a lot of power 
and an offense that seems UD-
stoppable. Who can pick agaInst 
Coach Darryl Roya~'ll take 
Texas. 

Orange Bowl, at Miami. Penn 
state vs. Kansas In a game that 

will be tough to pick. Penn State, 
number three in the country, has 

ha~ a phenomenal year, going 
UI~aten in nine game,> (they 
play Syracuse tomorrow). Kan-
sas was a real surprIse, ending 
up 9-1, losing only to Oklahoma. 
Kansas just doesn't have the 
depth or power, though. In a 
close one, Penn state. 

Rose Bowl, at Pasadena. USC 
vs. Ohio State in the grand-daddy 
of them all. Everyone has their 
favorite, so you can pick it your-
self, if you wish. As much as I 
respect unbeaten, untied Ohio 
state and Coach Woody Hayes, 
I find picking against Heisman 
Trophy winner O.J. Simpson like 
picking against God. IknowNotre 
Dame ran over the Trojans, but 
you can bet Coach John McKay 
will make some changes. In the 
best game of the long football 
day, I'll take USC, maybe by a 
good size margin . 

So that's the way I see the 
bowl games. Unfortunately, I 
cannot yet have the pleasure of 
picking UCSD to win a bowl game. 
Maybe next year, gang. 

And in some of the smaller 
bowls that seem sure picks, I'll 

take Grambling in the Junior 
Rose Bowl (Pasadena Bowl), 
beating Sac state; Humbolt State 
to nip Fresno state in the Camel-
ia Bowl; Powerful North Dakota 
State to take Arkansas State in 
the Pecan Bowl; and Florida 
state, with All American Ron 
Seller s , to r un over Louisiana 
state in the Peach Bowl. 

And if you think those are 
unusual names for football games 
how abOut the Peanut Bowl on 
December 21 at Dothan, Ala-
bama, which matches up two 
powerhouses--Livingston state 

vs. Ouachita Baptist. How am I 
picking that one? Let·s call it a 
toss-up, and you pick your favor-
ite. 

Run With the 
Roa d runners 
This Sunday, in an attempt 

to ease the pain of finals we~ 
a two to three mUe run wui 
be held. If you happen to fall 
under the category of undergra-
duate, graduate, faculty, staff, 
administrator, or you are an im-
mediate family member of one of 
these, or If you happen to be 
a Regent, you may participate. 

Tbe run is scheduled to start 
at 11:00 a.m. at the Reve11erocks 
acrCW6 from the gym and finish 
sometime later at the same spot. 
This iolfair is sponsored by the 
sympathetic and sadistic UCSD 
cross cou.ntry team. 

It is the hope of the team that 
as many people as possible wiIl 
participate. To do this we are 
striving for a non- competitive 
Race. Hoping to aid all runners 
to make the distance, a pit stop 
will be allowed at which drinks 
will be available. In further ing 
this cause, all inter-collegiate 
athletes w1ll be barred from 
running. , 

Highlighting the run will be 
The Participation of Dean Pyle 
and Dean Batcbelder. 

"Road runner" T-shirts will 
be awarded to winners of var-
ious categories including first 
girl, first professor, first couple 
and youngest contestent. Re-
reshments will be provided for 
all participants, so come out and 
run! 

Jay Segal, who recently set 
a new UCSD varsity course re-
cord time of 25:30, 

Harriers to 
End Season 

Recent events in cross colifttry 
include the NAIA District III 
Cross Country Championships 
(Nov. 16) and a tri-meet with 
the "B' and freshman teams ot 
San Diego State College (Nov. 
26). 

The Tritons finished eleventh 
of thirteen teams ente red in the 
NAIA District III Championship. 
Jay Segal, the fir st UCSD finish-
er, took 24th place with a 28:48 
time. 

The toughness of the competi-
tion is indicated by the meet-
winning time of 26:39.8 by Dennis 
Savage of Westmont (winner of 
the championship with 38 team 
poi4lts). 

The Tritons defeated the State 
frosh 38-49, but lost to State' s 
"B" team 34-38. JaSegalfinish-
ed fir st with a new UCSD var -
sity cour se record time of 25: 30. 
Gonzales, fifth, GUlette, eighth, 
Twonbly, tenth, and Farabough 
fourteenth, completed the 38 point 
team score. 

The final cross country event 
of the 1968 season, the AU-Cal 
Santa Barbara meet, will be held 
tomorrow at Santa Barbara at 
1:00 p.m. 

Val'slly Cage 
Games Slal'l 

The UCSD Triton basketball 
team opened its 1968-69 season 
at home, dumping the visiting 
University of Michoacan, from 
Morelia, Mexico, by the score 
of 90-42. 

High scorers were Boyd for 
the Tritons, with game honors 
of 18, and Alvarez of Michoacan 
with 16. 

In their next encounter, the 
Tritons travelled to UC Irvine 
over Thanksgiving, where they 
were defeated by the Anteaters, 
92-79. The Anteaters jumped 
off to a quick 1l-3 lead, and 
were neve r tied, as they led 
throughout the entire game. 

UCSD pulled to within six at 
78-72 with five minutes remain-
ing, but could not sustain their 
drive. T,he Tritons were out-
rebOunded 48-30 by the Ant-· 
eaters, a fact that pretty much 
told the story of the game. 
Leading scorers were Herman 
and Cunningham of Irvine, with 
28 and 24 points respectively 
and Desjardins of UCSD with 21: 

Tuesday night, the cagers tra-
velled to Scott Gymnasium on 
the campus of Cal Tech, with 
the intention of avenging the foot-
ball team' s narrow loss to the 
Engineers. The Tritons accom-
plished their goal In fin\! style, 
jumping off to a 22-3 lead in 
the first five munutes and never 
looking back. 

The halftime score stood at 
68-19, and the final score read 
116-41. The Tritons employed a 
suffocating zone press to its 
fUllest, forcing 37 turn-overs by 
the Engineers. 

DEccmER 6 1968 Paoe 7 

Swim Program 
Submerging 

It is extremely unfortunate 
when an educational institution 
cannot sufficiently respond to its 
students ' interests and needs. 
Thus far voiced dissatisfaction 
for this lack of response has been 
confined to the students' aca-
demic interests in the last few 
weeks ' ferment within the UC 
system. 

Agreed that athletic interests 
should be subordinate to academ-
ic pursuits, the former, never -
theless, is an integral part of 
a complete education. To quote 
the UCSD catalog, " .•• physical 
exercise and recreation is essen-
tial and complementary to the 
sustained intellectual pursuits of 
the students .•. ' 

It is the opinion of this stu-
dent and seve ral oth~ r students 
that the intercollegiate aquatics 
pr ogram at UCSD has shown a 
consistant lack of response to 
student interests in that area. 

Had it not been for the late-
recruited water polo coach, Tom 
Crocker, UCSD would have gone 
unrepresented in water polo this 
past quarter . Still, (with all due 
thanks to Coach Crocker) a non-
salaried coach who didn't have 
to spread his time so thinly as 
a graduate student, a TA, and 
coach might have molded a more 
cohesive and conditioned team. 
But it is difficult these days to 
hire anyone on a non-salary ba-
sis. 

The prospects for a Triton 
swimming team appear even 
more bleak than they had for 
water polo last summer. As of 
this writing, no coach has been 
found to take the team on a volun-
tary basis. The swll8ling sched-

ule, which should have been fin-
ished by the end of the summer , 
yet remains to be completed. 

Whereas most teams have be-
gun practice by the second week 
of November, fOf mal practice has 
not yet begun at UCSD. Because 
of this lack of cond itioning the 
meet with Redlands here this 
Saturday has been canceled. 

It is difficult enough to parti -
cipate in an intercollegiate sport 
and remain a s tudent at UCSD. 
No fringe benefits are given to 
those individuals who do manage 
both an intercollegiate sport and 
their studies--not even the token 
half unit credit given by most 
colleges and several of the UC 
branches for such participation. 
And this is as it should be. 

Is it surprising, then, that many 
students with a s incere inte r est 
in the aquatics pr ogram have be-
come indignant to the point of 
disinterest atthe apparent failure 
on the part of the physical educa-
tion program to respond even 
half way? 

A few students have of them-
selves atte mpted to find a coach, 
thus far unsuccessfully. Whatever 
practices ther e are will be in-
formal workouts run by the swim-
mers themselves--u they are al-
lowed use of the pool between 
4:00 and 6:00 p.m. 

The object of this article is not 
to lay the blame at the physical 
education department's, admini-
stration's, or anyone else's door. 
Rather, it will hopefully cause 
more to become aware that the 
above mentioned problems do 
exist and that the need for a 
rapid solution is imperative. The 
season is already three weeks 
and ODe r.uceUed meet old. 

yer open 
nag football action against the Maphds. Half-Fast lost to BOI 6 
-15, in an twenty minute overtime period for the championship. 

-r6's -witt I" ','r ••• ,.1 S,,,,, 
BOI won the intramurals flag 

football championship in an over-
time Victory over Hall-Fast 15 
-6. ' 

As the teams were tied 6-6 
at the end of regulation play, 
it took an additional twenty min-
ute half for the BOI tern to pull 
it out. 

The rough game saw three 
players sent to the hospital. Tom 
Baker suffered a broken nose 
Bert Weiner wrenched a knee' 
and Bob Poolman suffered a con~ 
cussion. 

In the crucial overtime pe r lod 
BOI scored a touchdown (making' 
the conversion) and a safe ty . 

Basket ball rosters are now 
being accepted through January 
3, 1969. All who are interested 
in forming a team for intramural 
competition may obtain rosters 
from the intramural office, or 
call Ext. 2282 and have them 
mailed. 

The Cr oss Country Turkey Run 
was held on November 27 , and 
was a success although the turn-
out was less than expected. 

Pete Sertic and Tom Dana 
finished first and second in the 
men's two mile event. VLki 
Hauso and Judy Thumas were 
first and second in the women's 
one mile. All four received 
live turkeys for their effort s . 

Women's fiag football wlIl take 
place this winter. All team cap-
tains please contact Intramural 
Director Andy Sidef at the be-
ginning of the winter term. 

Co-ed volleyball and two-man 
volleyball wlll be open for com-
petition along with many other 
activitie s. Check the intramural 
handbook for (urther information. 

Personal 
StUdent 

Advisor 
Kathy: Overdrawn 
again? Incredible! Fly 
home th is weekend on 
PSA (cha.rge it) for 
cram course in addi-
tion and subtraction. 
Your loving and saintly 
father. 
P. S. All you have to do is 
phone your campus rep : 

"SU~.. C OMUr 
222-2572" 

San Francisco. Oakland or 
San Jose. $19.85. Sacra-
mento. $21.59. l.A. or Holly-
WOod-Burbank, $6.35. Super 
727 Jets. PSA glves}lOu a 1111. 



'T 

Pane 8 DECE~BEq 6, 1968 

,: CAMPUS KIOSK 
I 

THE A UAL PRE-.::HRIST-
mas sale of ceramics made by 
University of California Exten-
sion students will be held Satur-
day, Dec. 7 at the La Jolla 
Museum of Art. 

Christmas shoppers takingpot-
luck will find a wide varietv of 
shapes, sizes and colors from 
which to choose. 

The sale begins at 9:00 a.m. 
and lasts until 4:00 p.m. However, 
Rhoda Lopez, University Exten-
sion ceramics instructor, advises 
everyone to get there early for 
the best selection. 

Prices for the pots range from 
50 cents to $75. 

---

AN EXHlli lT OF STUDENT 
ART will be featured at the 
Lutheran student Center at the 
junction of La Jolla Shores Drive 
and orth Torrey Pines Road. 
students from campuses in the 
west and midwest have contri- ' 
buted 23 works in a variety of 
media, from metal sculpture to 
oil paintings. The exhibit will be 
open daily, 7:00 a.m. to 11:00 
p.m., December 1 through 10. 

. 

_.-._.-

THE LA JOLLA CIVIC OR-
chestra and Chorus Association 
will conduct a musical holiday 
tour of homes in the La Jolla 
farms area on Saturday, Decem-
ber 7, from 3:00 - 7:00 p.m. 

Among the homes to be visited 
will be Chancellor McGill's and 
Revelle Provost Paul Saltman's. 
Tickets will be sold at these 
homes for $3. 

For further informatio:l , call 
453-0112. 
----------------------,--The La Jolla Civic Orchestra 
and Chorus and the University 
of California will present a 
Christmas concert on December 
8 at 3:30 p.m. in Sherwood Hall, 
La Jolla. 

Thomas ee, music professor 
at UCSD, will conduct Bach's 
Brandenburg Concerto No.2 with 
students soloists Joel Quivey, 
violin; Peter Middleton, flute; 
Ralph Hassman, oboe; and Jack 
Logan, piccolo. 

The chorus wUl perform Glor-
ia by Vivaldi and the Christmas 
Cantata by Pinkham. A Festival 
Consort of San Diego musicians 
will also play several Renais-
sance pieces on Medieval in-
struments. 

Admission is free to all UCSD 
students and there is a $2 charge 
to the general public and a $1 
charge to other students. 

IN AN OU CI G ITS SUM-
mer employment program, the 
U.S. Civil Service Commission 
advised students to make plans 
early for next summer's job. 
Commission officials indicated 
that early applicants would have 
the best employment chances for 
the very limited number of Fed-
eral jobs available next summer. 

Under the 1969 summer job 
program, most of the jobs will 
be tilled through the Summer 
Employment Examination. Tests 
will be given in December and 
January with January 30 set as 
the final deadline for the written 
test. 

Successful candidates in the 
exam may be hired in positions 
ranging from GS-l ($1.87 per 
hour) to GS-4 ($2.47 per hour), 
depending on experience and 
training, or as Clerk-Carriers 
at U.S. Post Offices at $2.85 
per hour. Minimum age for these 
jobs is eighteen, or sixteen for 
high school graduates. 

College students and graduates 
with appropriate course work will 
be hired for other positions such 
as park rangers, surveying as-
sistants engineers and other 
specialized jobs, applicants may 
apply directly to the agencies 
listed in the Examination An-
nouncement. 

For further information con-
cerning these opportunities, in-
terested candidates may obtain 
copies of Announcement No. 414 
in the student Employment office, 
(west wing) or at the Career-
Educational Planning and Place-
ment Center (east wing) Bldg. 
250 MC. 

• _ . _ _ W I • __ - . - . - . - . _ ,-

THE CA LIFORNIA ST A TE 
Scholarship and Loan Commis-
sion reminds college students 
that the postmark deadline date 
for the filing of California state 
Scholarship applications is Dec-
ember 10, 1968. 

Five thousand seven hundred 
new scholarships for undergra-
duate college students are to be 
awarded by the Commission this 
spring. 

students who believe they are 
in need of financl:ll assistance 
for tuition and fees at the col-
leges of their choice and who 
have already taken the Scholastic 
Aptitude Test of the College En-
trance Examination Board in No-
vember or December may secure 
application forms from their 
schools or the Commission of-
fices in Sacramento. 

THE 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF 

COLLEGE STUDENTS 
announces 

COllEGE STUDENTS 
AUTOMOBilE 

INSURANCE PROGRAM 
l'nd r21yr 01dS5! 00Se!T" nnll /Iv 
Over 21 yr I)ld $10.00 Semi-Annually 

(for qualified students ) 
EI (O n lower rates for marri d & female s 

Does your poll' y glv you All of these b n('fits fl)r as Iowa pre 
mlUm~ 
1 20'; DISCO :';T scholastIC 
2 10'1- DIS ' 0 ra on r n wal 
3 Monthly paynl{'ntc; 
4 \/0 CA!'WE LL\TIO S du to driVing r cord 
5. SPORTS ('ARS no additIOnal charg ? N() f)'I,F, DF: 'LINED TillS ST DE T SPONSORED PROGRAM 
fhls IS'I weclal program for 'alif, College Stud nls Only 

For Imm diate service and information call 

CALIFORNIA COLLEGE STUDENT PROGRAM 
2223 EI Caion Blvd. San Diego 

291 -4335 

"THE DRAFT AN_OJQ.ll: , by 
Leslie S. Rothenberg, co-ordina-
tor of Selective Service Affairs 
for U.C., special assistant to the 
Chancellor, UCLA. A Doubleday-
Anchor book, on sale now at the 
Campus Bookstore, $1 .45. 
MEETING OF THE UNIVER-

sity International Association to-
day in the South Dining Hall at 
7:00 p.m. 

WANTED: Poems, essays, short 
stories, drama, art, musiC, phO-
tography, and other art forms 
for Muir Campus Literary Mag-
azine. Drop manuscripts in Muir 
LIt. Office. Deadline: Jan. 
13 @5 p.m. Originals will be 
returned if requested. All ma-
terial published will be copy-
righted. 

THE CAMPUS LUTHERAN 
Center will be sponsoring an in-
formal, group do-it-yourself din-
ner tonight at 5: 00 with folk-
singing entertainment. The Cen-
ter is located at 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive, on the western 
edge of UCSD's Revelle College 
campus. 

PRE-CHRISTMAS SPECIAL: rebroad traflbmission - any AM 
Complete stereo component sys- radio within about 100 yards picks 
tem. Includes Stereo Master up a signal from the stereo, (ste-
100 watt amplifier with A M/ FM/ reo at 1600 on the dial), extra 
FM Stereo tuner; matched spea- . bass speaker s in addition to high 
kers in groovy looking cabinets I frequency and medrange in ei-
and Garrard turntable, model 50. ther channel - wired specially. 
Unique features of this commp.r- . Asking $215, (trade for tape 
cial model include MUSIl< - 24 equipment?) Contact steve, 755-
hour, no interrup music stations, 8380. 

MORE THAN 
AN ALBUM, A 

PERFORMANC[ A 
RECTAL, /1\ 

TOTALlY 
WGGED-OUT 

EXPERENCE 

LEE MICHAELS/THE ALBUM - RECITAL [gJ 
~ 


