
9 Univers.it of California, San Die 0 NOVEMBER 26 1968 

UlF Forms Basis 
for Free University 

This past weekend the Blake 
Hall Lounge has been filled with 
students who have been meeting 
to discuss what action should be 
taken in response to the Re-
gents' resolutions and, ona more 
long range basis, what future di-
rection the university should 
take. 

The group has met throughout 
the weekend, with attendance 
ranging between 75 and nearly 
250 students. Unofficially they 
have designated themselves as 
GULF-Graduate and Undergra-
duate Liberation Front, and see 
as their overall objective the 
establishment of a "free uni-
versity", one which really re-
lates to the needs of the stu-
dents and to the society they 
live in. 

It is this group that formulated 
plans for the convocation that 
took place yesterday. It was de-
cided that the students of UCSD 
were to be called together to 
discuss the current situation. 

The discussions which took 
place over the weekend in the 
Blake Hall Lounge centered 

11 ••• als 
M ... ell O. 
Gy .... sla. 

In a surprise move, a group 
ot about 100 students attempted 
to disrupt the Regents meeting 
Friday after they had passed the 
Educational Policy Committee's 
resolution concerning guest lec-
turers. 

The students converged on the 
gym chanting "Regents no, 
Cleaver si," but had little effect 
on the Regents, most of whom 
had already left the building. 

The student group was con-
fronted by Dean Murphy and 3 
campus police who instructed 
them that the Regents had left 
and that the gym was being set 
up for the evening . dance con-
cert. The students then disband-
ed, returning to the plaza for 
further discussion. 

Inside the gym President Hitch 
was holding a press conference 
and the chants outside could be 
heard for a while. 

The decision to take action 
came after brief but heated dis-
cussion in the plaza, with grad 
student Barry Shapiro the prin-
cipal speaker. Shapiro felt that 
the students so far had "ex-
tended them (the Regents) our 
courtesy and have dignified their 
proceedings by our silence." 

around many and varying prob-
lems. First there was a consider-
ation of what should be the ap-
propriate action to be taken. 
Among the proposals considered 
were a student boycott of classes 
and the complete cessation of 
classes until Xmas, with a dis-
cussion of the issues facing the 
university to be substituted in 
place of the regular classes. 
. The boycott of classes or other 

disruption of the normal aca-
demic process at UCSD was seen 
as having a twofold purpose: in 
the first place it was seen as a 
way of coercing the administra-
tion to accept student demands 
and secondly it was seen as a way 
of speaking to the Board of Re-
gents itse If. 

Following the discussion of 
tactics, the matter of the specif-
ic changes in the academic sys-
tem that the students would ask 
for was considered. It was de-
cided that many new courses 
should be initiated by the stu-
dents, including the immediate 
implementation of Keith Lowe's 
proposal, already before the 
UCSD Academic Senate, to in-
clude a quarter of Afro-American 
studies in the Humanities Se-
quence. 

With all this talk of new courses 
it was also decided that perhaps 
a Board of Educational Develop-
ment should be set up along the 
lines of the one at Berkeley, to 
be a permanent faculty-student 
committee which would consider 
and structure all new or ex-
perimental courses. 

Another area of consideration 
discussed concerned grades and 
course requirements. The con-
sensus was that the competitive 
atmosphere that now exists 
should be replaced by an envir-
onment in which true academic 
pursuit would be the only moti-
vation. It was suggested, and 
strongly approved, that all re -
quired courses, and perhaps 
more, be taken on the basis of 
pass-no credit (as distinguished 
from pass-fail). 

Other proposals included mak-
ing the lower division require-
ments more flexible, perhaps 
replacing course requirements 
with more general area r quire -
ments. Also, the institution of 
individual or group major pro-
grams as oppo ed to rigorously 
prescri d departm ntal major 
programs was discussed. 

Another program that wa di -
cussed was to conduct critical 
cours s which would parall I of-
f icially sanction d courses, pre-
senting opposing viewpoint and 
analysis. 

Students March on Campus; 
McGill Address'es Convocation 

Chancellor McGill yesterday 
made an unscheduled appearance 
at 3: 30 p.m. to address the con-
vocation of students in the Re-
velle Plaza. It was indicated 
that he had been invited by 
telegram to speak at the convo-
cation, but he had not responded. 
Apparently he finally came in 
response to the march of the 
students through several classes 
that was the climax of a full 
day of speeches and dialogues 
in the Plaza concerning the Re-
gents and the future of the Uni-
versity. 

The march came about as a 
result of the feeling among stu-
dents at the convocation that not-
hing they could suggest or ac-
complish would have any mean-
ing without the united support of 
the great majority of the stu-
dent body. The suggestion that 
the students move en masse 
through the campus .to pick up 
supporters was debated at some 
length before an emotional, highly 
personal plea by a Revelle junior 
inspired the crowd to act. 

They moved first to the Li-
student leaders ex-

plained to somewhat surprised 
studious students why the crowd 
of about 200 had moved to the 
Library and asked them to join 
in the march. 

They next moved to USB 2722 
where Professor Carmack was 
using the hour to discuss the 
Regents and their Friday meeting 
rather than proceed with his re-
gularly scheduled lecture. This 
time Professor str oll, who had 
been moving with the student 
group, protested that they were 
violating the very academic free-
dom they sought to protect by 
not allowing Professor Carmack 
to continue with his class as he 
wished. He was shouted down 
by several students who answered 
that relevant education, not just 
academic freedom, was what they 
sought. 

Professor Carmack invited the 
group to stay and discuss the 
Regents' resolution, but again 
leaders indicated their intent and 
said they would move on. 

A biology class in 2622 was 
the next class visited, this time 
against the wishes of the pro-

two 

Faculty Review 
Regents Meeting 

A group of UCSD faculty, in 
an open meeting Sunday evening, 
voted 47-2 to hold classes Mon-
day in the Revelle Plaza as a 
support for the Convocation. 

The meeting, in no way repre-
senting the Academic Senate, was 
called Saturday by the Ad-Hoc 
Faculty Committee responsible 
for preparations for the Regents' 
meeting. The vote didn't come 
until late in the evening in a 
joint session with the students 
who had been meeting in Blake 
Hall. 

During the hours preceeding 
the joint meeting, the faculty 
members discus ed what hap-
pened at the Reg nts' meeting 
and what could be one about 
it. Becaus most of th facul-
ty present could not att nd the 
Regents' meeting, m Baron 
gave a run down of the facts 
of what happened there. 

Concerning the actual meeting, 
Baron called the withdrawal of 
the Reagan resolution a "very 
considerabl victory." H 
termed Reagan's stated rea on 
for withdrawing th resolution 

"simply untrue," and a cover-
up for the defeat he suffered. 

Comparing the Boyd resolution 
and Reagan's resolution, Baron 
felt the tone was greatly dif-
ferent (Reagan ' s was insulting) 
but also the substance was dif-
ferent. Reagan's resolution 
would have terminated 139X, eli-
minated the Berkeley CEO, and 
made threatening ~stures to-
ward Faculty ower to award 
degrees and make appointments. 

The Boyd resolution let 13!)X 
stay although without credit, 
continued the CEO, although sub-
ject to administrative review, 
and made guest lecturers easier 
to obtain. Overall, he felt the 
Boyd resolution a soften..ng of 
the September 20th resolution 
but still "obj ctionable." 

Carlos Blanco disagreed with 
Baron, stating that Friday's re-
soluti(Jn was not a softening, 
not an acad mic action, but an 
adminstrative on that con-
firmed the pt. 20 "decree" 
liquidating 13!)X and impedir. 
Cleaver from speaking. 

Cont'd on t:age four 

Con vocation 
Discusses Vital 
UC Issues 

students of UCSD convened 
yesterday in the plaza of Re-
velle College to discuss the ef-
fects of the Regents' latest meet-
ing on the future of the Uni-
versity of California. 

Meeting amidst the hanging 
effigie of the Regents, some 300 
students attended the convocation 
where schedules speakers ex-
plained their interpretations of 
the impact of the recent deci-
sions, and where specifiC plan1> 
for restructuring the university 
system were put forth. 

The convocation, whose theme 
was "The university is dead; 
Long live the university." was 
supported by about 48 faculty 
members out of a meeting of 60 
which met Sunday night to de-
cide whether or not to suspend 
classes on Monday so that stu-
dents might attend. 

Several other faculty members 
subsequently dismissed their 
classes throughout the day, while 
some others discussed the Re-
gents and their resolution in 
class rather than conduct sche-
duled lectures. 

The convocation began at 10 
a.m. with a short number by 
the local blues band, The Hard 
Luck Boy. The band's leader 
said, "We're not here to play 
blues or entertain, but to show 
that we 're with you," 

They were followed by the first 
scheduled speaker, Dr. Arnold, 
who gave his opinion that the 
re olution passed by the Regents 
this past Friday was a com-
promise with Reagan' s more in-
timidating r esolution, and that 
it pretty muc 1 retained the status 
quo. 

AS Presid nt Tom Shepard 
spok ne t. He indicated th t 

opl on oth r campuses often 
regarut:u t!1J1MKl Mlcn ~s th 
Regents' meting last Thursday 
and Frida s a victory I ply 

cau th worst had not hap-
pened. Shepard said that th 
tud nt at lIC '0 were more 

knowledge bl and sophishcated 
and should r cognize th resolu-
tion for what it is; an unsati -
(actor comprom i . 

Cont'tl ... "."~ tour 



) 

PAGE ~ NOVEMBER 26, 1968 
~~~--------r----

{ittlln ~ 
CPE Born 
At UCS,D 

All Hail The Regents 
If the University of Califm'nla is about to be liberated and put back 

10 the hands of the people, where it rightfully belongs, the Board of 
Regents of the University of California should at least be given par- by Barry Wayne 
Ual credit. For it was their move on Friday that pushed the students The purpose of this message 
that one step too far that tas caused all concerned members of the is to explain the basis for forming 
'a.cademic connumity to rise in moral outrage and indignation, as wit- the CPE--Center for Participa-
nessed by the dramatic reaction that has taken place. tory Education--lts structure, its 

What the Regents did on Friday has little significance in itself, function, and the structure of the 
nor for that matter are the September resolutions really that impor- courses it will be helping to 
tant. The fact of the matter is that the built-in resistance to making provide. 
the university a relevant institution, i.e. making it a truly free and CPE was set up in order to 
critical university has merely been brought to the surface. provide a mechanism for students 

What is Signifi~ant now is that the students have realized that the to express their desires concern-
Regents them selves are insignificant. They have tried appealing to ing the courses they want and 
their "sense of justice" and have failed. The Friday demonstration the structure of (hese courses. I 
was quite dramatic, and might still have been the best tactic to em- It is a student-run organization, 
ploy--its effect was not completely lost on the Regents. However, but there will be faculty advisors 
the subsequent action of the Regents points out the need for a complete to facilitate the formation of 
change in approach to this whole matter. these courses and the structur- I 

The behavior of the Regents has served as a catalytiC agent in a ing of their content. The or-
sudden awakening of student consciousness. students are beginning ganization will welcome a:nd ap- I 
to realize that they can and must make out of the university what they preciate any faculty or adminls-
know is best for themselves and society. The Regents cannot cope trative aid. 
in any way with a mass refusal to comply with their directives, unless What now follows is a brief 
they want to make the university a police state. explanation of the philosophy of 

What will hopefully become a continuing dialogue amongst the stu- this organization: 
dents, and with those faculty members who are interested in cooper- Foremost in the structure of 
ating, has now begun. The implications of such an evaluation and all the courses CPE w1l1 present 
re-structuring of the university are treJDendous. will be the stress of student 

Among the concrete proposals that have already been made and obligation to the course. That ' 
which should be considered by the student body are: (1) The estab- is, it will be stressed by CPE 
lishment of a perranent commlttee composed primarily of students to the students, and, hopefully, 
to consider new courses and their structuring (Le. something along by the faculty themselves to the ' 
the lines of CPE at Berkeiey), (2) A review of all lower division re- students that they have an obli-
quirements with a thorough consideration of their relevance to the galion to serious inquiry--to ask I 
student in his lile, with the possible replacement of course require- questions relating to how the 
ments with area requirements, (3) The institution of pass/no credit course material applies to lile 
system in all courses not one's major field and (4) The development here and.noJ\'. 
of individual or group major programs to eliminate the oppressive -- Cont'd on page 4 column 'S 
competitive atmosphere that currently exists, replacing it with a truly '-( I, ""01)11 11AA06 
academic environment and (5) The question of whether or not the V 'hoi l~ w 1I~ 
University should show its complicity by partiCipating in defense A Retroactive Regents' Review 
research. by Tom Baker 

We have a real opportunity to make our education relevant. Let's The Synergists landed last 
not blow it. If the mvement is to flourish there are two things we week. All the same, lepers with 
must remember: (1) Proposals made, as well as any actions taken long tongues like Aardvarks with 
by those involved, must have the support of the majority of the stu- which they Slick up dirt and 
dent body, and (2) The adm inistration must be shown that the stu~ents strain it for food. 
are indeed unified, and that there is considerable faculty sancllon of Thursday these aliens imposed 
the students. political control over the earth-

Hopefully we are witnessing today a rebirth of the university. lings. Their Committee which 
-:......-:......-----........;:......-:......---_________ --J reviews all Cases voted four to 

M arcuse Speaks one to declare all plebians in-sane and subject to radio-moni-
tored control. Four press their Last night in Cleaver Hallau- mon goals. la h 

ditorium, Prof. Herbert Marcuse In this way, Dr. Marcuse linked buttons and green lights f s 
dismissed the compromise Re- the present discontent at UCSD signaling positive reinforcement. 
gents' resolution of last Friday other Escapee presses wrong 
afternoon as being but one more with the world wide student move- button, is electrically fried by 
of the rising McCarthyism which ment. He went on to state tha' Big No-Chin the Monolith up-
Is aimed at the intellectuals of while this movement may be a stairs, who was flown in special-
the universities. minority effort on campus, that ly from Chicago. other four 

Dr. Marcuse went on to de- doesn't necessarily make it gratefully eat their grain of rice, 
clare that this effort to surpress wrong. eyes darting around chamber. 
the political radicals on campus Concerning thp controversial Friday the Mo~t Sacred Green 
is a reaction to the world wide issue of reorganizing the educa- One ar rives to inspect latest 
uprising of students. This move- tional program of the university, acquisition. All Synergists shit II 
ment he believes, promises a Marcuse felt that more empha- at sight of him , earth spokesmen 
new era in society, but only if sis should be placed on changing prostrate open rear s wide. 
students all over the world unite the teaching methods rather than Green One slides to microphone I 
and become aware of their com- changing the subject matter., dripping slime--<rips and rubbe r I 

• ,- - - - ._... mask falls off, revealing face of , 
that the majority of the faculty red-eyed Epsilon Plus. Cont'd from page one 

fessor and a majority of the 
students in the c lass who voted 
to remain in ciass rather than 
join the march. A ciash was 
oorely averted when, in response 
to the class' decision to remain, 
some of the marching students 
started name-calling. 

The final stop was the HL Au-
ditorium where the same piea 
was repeated, after which the 
group of students returned to 
the plaza to consider a resolu-
tion calling for the officially en-
dorsed suspension of class~s for 
today, Tuesday, or a s"udent 
boycott if official apporvaJ could 
not be obtained. The narch 
failed to attract many add tional 
supporters. In fact, the n',mber 
of students seemd to diminish 
from the number that liar been 
present before the march. 

McGill appeared on the plaza 
at this time and was offel ed the 
microphone . Atter deplor ng tIre 
students' refusal earlier in the 
day to admit a local TV camera-
man onto the campus, McGill went 
on to explain his position and 
the position of the administra-
tion. 

He said that the power over 
courses and course content at 
UCSD rests with the faculty, not 
with the chancellor' s office, and 
that he would support classes 

felt was necessary. He also However, technicians Immedi-
felt that the Friday meeting had ately compensate transmission, 
been a student victory, but was and Green One begins to speak. 
heckled by many students who "A great day for California," 
wanted to know in what way it he proclaims, waving decree, 
was a victory. "new method of producing Alpha 

Finally, he indicated that he Plus module, far more efficient 
could not, either personally or now. My thanks to General Auto-
in his official capacity, call or maton, Inc." Minister of Parlia-
condone a suspension of classes ment looks on grinning, hoping 
or a boycott unless the entire someday to be Sacred Green One 
academic community stood be- himself. All very happy. 
hind it. However, the Black Ugly One 

He was periodically in- from North arrives, waving ball 
terrupted by remarks from the and chain. All Synergists climb 
students to the extent that stu- in rockets, shitting, wide-eyed. 
dent leader s later felt the neces- All blast off, leaving earth to 
s ity to apologize to him for such earthlings once more. And Pro-
treatment. fessor Reynolds looks down over 

They prevailed upon him in the olaza • .a.Q\ulll§~s us. 
tnt! 11:!1Ir,thy di:l!o TP thatCollowed I Statement of ! 
to support them as students of 
UCSD in their attempts to re- Med Students 
build the University. McGill 
responded with an insistence that I A major ity of the students 0 
he was bound by certain rules ·the School of Medicine have re-
and restraints, and advised cau- ! quested that a ser ies of lectures 
tion and the use oC rational per- I dealing withcommunityproblems 
suasion. be incorporated into their exlst-

A resolution to boycott classes I ing Social and Behavioral SCience 
for today while the Academic I course. Plans call tor represen-
Senate considers innovations in talive speakers to be invited 
the curriculum failed to gather from the San Diego communities 
unanimous support, and it was to offer firsthand insight Into 
finally decided to reconvene the ithe problems faced by the people 
convocation at 10 a.m. today with lof this area. It Is intended that 
attendance being a matter of per- ithls program be open tothe cam-
'onal decl1>ion. Ipus at-large. 

students leave the gym after the resolution was passed. 

Regent's Resol utions 

Regents Engage 
In Heated Debate 
The debate that occurred be-

fore the adoption of the reso-
lution Friday was quite heated 
and was indicative of the deep 
divisions that currently exist on 
the Board of Regents. 

Regent Roth began by stating 
that he felt that the Center for 
Participatory Education at Ber-
keley, which designed the Cleav- ' 
er course, had exercised poor 
judgment given the community 
and political climate which ex-
ists. 

However, he stated that the Re-
gents had make a mistake two 
months ago (when they passed 
the original September resolu-
tions) and were compounding 
their mistake by considering the 
new resolution. 

Such action he termed arbi-
trary, unilateral, and not aca-
de mic in the slightest. He 
claimed that the debate over the 
merits of Regental control over 
curricula matters was' 'distorted 
one way or the other by feel-
ings over one man (Cleaver)." 

Roth closed his remarks by 
imploring the Board of Regents 
not to "pull an issue so out 
of contest and take away some-
thing that rightfully belongs in 
the hands of the faculty." 

Roth's speech brought an out-
burst of applause from the stu-
dent audience, which prompted 
Regents Higgs, who was chair-
ing the meeting, to tell the stu-
dents not to "spoil their good 
record and to refrain from any 
further show of emotion." 

Regent Dutton backed up Roth, 
saying that the resolution before 
them constituted "interference 
by a lay board that has no ex-

perience in course structure, and 
a violation of academic freedom 
as it has come to be known." 

Unruh attacked the resolution 
as a failure to come to grips 
with the real issues. "This 
resolution is not going to solve 
anything, except getting us over 
to the next meeting. " He stated 
that it would be more honest 
for the Regents to leave matters 
in the hands of the faculty until 
they really "proved themselves 
incompetent," or to go ahead 
and vote on the Governor's re-
solution. 

Unruh charged that the whole 
matter of guest lecturers was 
only being discussed because of 
139X. He asked the Board of 
Regents to give him one other 
reason besides the Cleaver 
course why such a resolution 

THIS TlDNKSOIVINO 

Have a good holidO,y. 

Winners will be listed when you return. 

Kea ... y Me. 
VO ....... . 

279-7100 

, should be passed. 
Regent Boyd, chairman of the 

Committee on Education Pollcy, 
which had proposed the report, 
came to Us defense by claiming 
that the course 139X has only 
reveaied the need for a review 
of the delegation of authority for 
experimental cour se . 

Hitch gave his support for the 
measure, stating that it relaxes 
the restriction of the Septe mber 
resolutions by allowing for ex-
ceptions to be made to that ruling 
by the Chancellor s of the nine 
campuses. 

Regent Chandler, though, con-
tended that the new ruling made 
the position of chancellor Impos-
sible, that hence she could not 
vote for it. 

Regent Forbes concurred with 
Mrs. Chandler, adding that the 
Board should remain a policy 
maker, and not enter into this 
area of operations (curricula). 

Several Regents then asked that 
conside ration of the proposal be 
delayed until the March meeting 
to allow further study by the 
Regents and conferral with the 
Chancellors. 

In reply to the queries of somE: 
Regents as to whether or not 
the new ruling would have allowed 
Cleaver to lecture once Regent 
Canaday replied that it would, 
but that he would Introduce a 
resolution that would ban Cleaver 
forever if this would make them 
happy. However , he never fol-
lowed up on this ofte r. 

A roll call was finally called 
for, and the long winded discus-
sion came to an end. With a 
final tally of 13 for, 7 against, 
the report of the CEP was adop-
ted. 

NUMBERED 
FLOWERS 

'We've got ours, you get yours ... NOW!!" 

4J, SfJJJbrt Adiqitil,4, 0 Ifa 
~. 250 
~ fA.mpf1.4 



'f 

Convocation Defines Univers~y Goals 
continued from page I 

Finally, a call for action was Professor R. Kirkby ofthe De-
made. A general discussion of partment of Philosophy told the 
what type of action to take en- assembled students and faculty 
sued. Seymour Harris cautioned onlookers that the resolution only 
against alienating the community. affirmed what the Regen~s have 
Joe Stokes, who chaired the meet- done all along. He said that, 
ing cautioned against alienating despite the feelings of some that 
the governor completely. ' the problem ,was not so bad, 

This general discussion of ac- there is a serIOus problem when 
tion was followed by a listing the administration has the total 
of nine faculty ideas for that veto power that it does. 
action to be discussed for re- Kirkby called upon the students 
commendation to the general fa- to become a,ware of the pr,oblem 
culty meeting Tuesday night. and to act ~lth~ut the traditional 

Later in the discussion, Shel- fear of publ1c disapproval. 
don Shultz listed five ways in Isreal Chavez of M YA and 

Pep.oelea. Smile aael all 

which the demonstration last Tambuzi of the Black Students 
Thursday and Friday were suc- Council both addressed the stu-
cessful: (1) No bad image was dents as participants in a battle 
created of UCSD, (2) The "swing to which the students hav,e just 
regents" were impressed (3) It been admitted. Chavez said that 
made the excuse of the Regents black and brow? people have been 
being forced into unwise action hungry and kicked around for 
by unruly mobs out of the que s- years, and "now yo~, st~dents 
tion (4) It involved people on can understand what It s llke to 

by Portia LaTouche 
Governor Reagan and his sup-

porting cast put on another 'per-
formance for the public Friday 
afternoon, make-up, pepsodent 
smile and all. 

Theatrically, it w:ts less than 
great; politically it was a sucess 
in the eyes of the Regents of 
UC. 

The brief interview with Gov-
ernor Reagan after the open ses-
sion of the Regents illustrated 
either (1) The zoo's naivety of 
student plus faculty opinions and 
desires or (2) The Governor 
doesn't wish to express to the 
students his interest or concern 
about the amount of freedom 
those under the Academic Senate 
have. 

The questions and answers, or 
replies, as some of what Rea-
gan had to say was hardly suf-
ficient, went like this: 

Q: Do you think there are 
too many radical professors on 
the UC campuses? The governor 
only said that students should be 
exposed to more various types 
of instructors. He also said 
this is the year of more acti-
vity (student participation), but 
he doesn't see why there should 
be more campus unrest because 
of the resolution passed today. 

How can a leader who is sup-
posed to completely familiarize 
himself with the situations on 
all the UC campuses, not forsee 
trouble? He also saw a revi-
sion to be made in the Board 
of Regents by March's meeting. 

At the press conference follow-
ing this interview President 
Charles Hitch, Chairman Regent 
Dewitt Higgs from San Diego, 
and Chancellor McGill were pre-

The answers President Hitch 
gave clearly reflected a conser-
vative non-delegated authority 
viewpoint. So the question-dO 
you think either of the propo-
sals, especially the governor's, 
will take away any power from 
the faculty? -he copped out by 
saying "I don't want to get into 
an argument on that subject." 

carr:pus and (5) It created a be hungry and to be 'kicked in 
, th ' " Campus and (5) It created a e ass. , - , 

sense of community of students . Tambuzi called , on the umver-
with faculty. , slty to , cease bemg a machine 

The president ofthe University 
however, reminded us that Nov. 
21st's resolution only relaxed the 
Sept. resolution which imposed 
the limitation of one guest lec-

After the students, who set for , grinding out technically 
the stage for yesterday's convo- tr~med automotons and to start 
cation, left, the faculty, sli~htly bemg an inst~ument for real, 
less numerous than the orginal relevant education: 
59, set out again to consider Dr. Monk, Chairman of the 
the suggested courses of action. Academic Senate, was the last 

turer. Cont'd from page one 
Later Hitch said, in conjuction 11 should be mentioned that 

with the course Social Analysis it is hoped that all members 
139X that allowing Eldridge of the faculty will co-operate by 
Cleaver to lecture indicated loop themselves making..ill informa-
holes in the Regent's strict re- tion pertinent to the present so-
view policy of instructors. To cio-political-economic environ-
illustrate how strongly personal ment in America. 
opinion enters into the decisions CPE will encourage the facul-
by the Regents, Hitch referred ty to choose only those courses 
to the poor judgment of the fa- from the very large number that 
culty members who would con- will be proposed that they are 
sider inviting Cleaver, Huey personally interested and con-
Newton, or George Murray to cerned with. In this way it is 
be speakers. In the Revelle hoped that a feeling of personal 
Plaza it was pointed out that involvement on the part of the 
the Regents could allow their faculty will permeate the clac:;s 
mothers-in-law to speak, but not atmosphere and aid in disolving 
Cleaver. the present student - professor 

Hitch said the state of the uni- dichotomy. 
versity internally (in contrast to It is hoped that the classes 
how the university appears to will be longer than usual to fa-
the public) is very sound, with cilitate covering all facets of 
many great departments, greatly the subject in depth. More dis-
sigmfic .. nt research and the best cussion groups than are presently 
prepared and highly motivated available will also be in-
students ever. corpora ted. 

Regent Higgs thought our be- It is also hoped that the above 
havior was very favorable and structure will aid in creating 
he was proud of UCSD. extensive, meaningful faculty-

It was a revealing day to most student communication on sub-
students, seeing Real Regents jects relevent to ill students. 
and t,hat Real Ronald Reagan, Information will soon be made I 
carrymg out very real tasks in available as to how, when, and : 

of the scheduled speakers. He 
expressed his disappointment 
with the compromise that the Re-
gents adopted after his committee 
had done so much work to try 
and change the situation that ex-
isted when the Regents came to 
UCSD for their November meet-
ing. 

An unscheduled speaker was 
David Kuhns, who described him-
self as a senior at Revelle Col-
lege and a straight, ordinarily 
non-activist type student. He 
revealed to the students his dis-
tress at the prospect of gradua-
ting and the sudden discovery 
that he is not prepared at all 
to meet people and their real 
problems in the world. 

Ra Rosenthal, a student at the 
School of Medicine, presented the 
School's plan for a course for 
credit in Social and Behavioral 
Sciences which would schedule 
four lectures among three lec-
turers on black-white relations 
in society. 

A graduate student in the Li-
terature Department called for 
the elimination of what he con-
sidered an inadequate humanities 
course and the substitution of 
studies "at the level of life as 
people live it." 

a very unrealistic manner. where students can make their I r---------------------------, desires known. All students 
truly concerned with getting a 

sent. 

THE 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF 

COllEGE STUDENTS 
announces 

meaningful education will realize 
the significance of a group such 
as CPE, and will hopefully join 
us in developing it to its utmost. 

DISJOUNT 
10% off with AS Card at: 

No matter 

Jan Deipersloot told the stu-
dents that he agreed with Rea-
gan' s assertion in Monday's "San 
Diego Union" that the univer ~. ;ty 
is moving towards a confrontation 
with the community. He called 
on the students to eliminate the 
"capitalist competition thing they 
forced on us" by pressuring for 
the elimination of grades. He 
also suggested a r esearch pro-
ject to study the San Diego com-
munity and its power structure, 
and he called for the disarring 
of the university police. 

A petition was circulated dur-
ing the convocation which called 
for the establishment of a Cen-
ter for Participant Education. 
Jim Minore acting as spokes-
man for the group sponsoring 
this petition, explained the cour-
ses that had already been envi-
sioned. He said that course 
was currently being planned that 
hopefully could be offered for 
credit in the Winter Quarter. 

The course, "Critical Analy-
sis in Restructuring the Univer-
sity," would be an interdiscip-
linary course which would ex-
amine the various aspects and 
objects of the university and the 
academic community. 

Personal 
Student 
Advisor 

Ellen : Just got the 
phone bill For what it 
costs you to call us 
(collec t) you could fly 
home on PSA regularly 
Why not? 

Affectionately . Us . 

p , S, All you have to do is 
phone your campus rep ' 

SUSAN GROMLlE 
222-2572 

San FranCISco Oakland or 
San Jose, $1985 Sacra-
mento, $21,59 l.A or Holly-
wood-Burbank $6 .35 , Super 
727 Jets, PSA gives you a 11ft 

COLLEGE STUDENTS 
AUTOMOBILE 

INSURANCE PROGRAM 
Under 21 yr )Id $51.00 Semi ·Annually 
Over 21 yr () ' d $40 00 SemI-Annually 

how you get here ••• 
we're close by! 

(for qualified students) 
Even lower rates for married & femal s 

Does your p >licy glv you All of these benefite; for a s Iowa pre 
mlUm? 
1 20'; DIS('(IUNT scholastiC 
2 10''< DlsrOUNT on r n wal 
3 Monthly pdyml'nt c; 
4 ~O rA CELLATIO S du to dnvJOg re(,ord 
5 SPORTS CARS no addItional charge 
6 NO O"JE Of: LINED THIS ST DENT spa SORED PHOGRAM 
ThIS IS a sp 'cHli pro/Zram for allf, olleg Stud nt. Only 

for Imm -dlat servlc and JOformatJon calf 

CALIFORNIA COllEGE STUDENT PROGRAM 
2223 EI Coion Blvd. San Diego 

291 -4335 

Featuring, from South Arne 
* Alpa~a hats & ponchos! 
*Sensuous fur rugs! 
*Ancient Andean idols! 
*SympatheUc Koala bears! 

8080 EI Paseo Grande 
La Jolla Shores 459·2026 

(six blocks south of Scripps) 

classified ads 
FOR SALE: 1964 Triumph Spit-
fire. Excellent Condition. $950 
or best offer. Call 755-8123. 

Keep your money where It's safe , , , easy to get to and lise, , • wnn a 
checking account and savings account at San Diego's oldest and 
largest local bank, We lend money, too, . , for almost any worthwhile 
purpose, (Our auto loan rates are especially low.) So ", scoot by 
todayl Southern California First National Is the only bank In La Jolla 
Shores, Our friendly staff Is espeCially trained to serve college men 
and women, 

Southern 
CALIFORNIA FIRST 
National Bank 

LA JOLLA SHORES OFFICE 

FEATURiNG: 
UNCHARGEABLE 

CHECKING ACCOUN1 
4.5 AUTO LOANS 

2256 Avanidd de la Playa/La Jolla, California 92038 
Phone: 294-44,+0 Walter G, Robertson, Manager 


