
ElECTION-EXTRA 

Dr. Sheldon Schultz's cafeteria plan which entails using coupons 
instead of mealcards has been voted in as the food plan for next year. 

-Staff Photo 

Tuesday The 9th Comm 
Seeks Answers ToRacism 

In'the aftermath of the slaying 
of Dr. Martin Luther King, a 
group of UCSD students formed 
the "Tuesday the ninth commit-
tee" to try and find some an-
swers to the tense racial prob-
lems of the nation. They dedi-
cated themselves to "the eradi-
cation of the root causes of 
racial disorder - of which the 
fundamental cause is the racial 
attitude and behavior of white 
Americans toward black Ameri-
cans." The group derived its 
name from the day upon which 
it was formed. 

Four workshops were held on 
Wednesday and Thursday of last 
week for the purpose of organiz-
ing students to begin a program 
for the education - "the civiliz-
ing" - of thw white community 
of San Diego. 

As a first step, the students 
went out into the local com-
munity of La Jolla and tried to 
talk with people in their homes 
about the racial situation. Be-
sides this discussion the people 
were told two ways in which they 
could begin to help in a concrete 
manner. 

Phillip Abbott Luce will debate 
Barry Shapiro today, April 19, 
In the H- L Auditorium at 4 PM. 
See p. /I ff),. I'Jtails. 

First, they were asked to sign 
a petition for the creation of a 
civilian Police Review Board in 
San Diego. At the moment the 
Review Board is under the con-
trol of the City Manager and is 
composed of only retired pOlice 
officers. In its entire existence 
the board has never seen fit to 
remove a single offiCer from the 
San Diego police force. Because 
much of the racial tensions has 
occurred as a result of com-
plaints by the black community 
about the police force, it is felt 
that a civilian Police Review 
Board would creae a more equit-
able system. 

A second manner in which the 
citizen was told he could help 
was by pledging a weekly sum 
of money - $5 to $10 - to the 
committee. The money would be 
first of all used for the support of 
a film on racial conditions in San 
Diego which the Citizens Inter-
Racial Council is attempting to 
show on local television. Also, 
time and money are needed for 
setting up conferences in local 
La Jolla churches, for the dis-
tribution of literature, and for 
supporting the activities of the 
Black Student Council at UCSD. 

Reactions concerning the suc-
cess of this first step by the 
Tuesday the 9th Committee were 
mixed. Some students involved 
felt that they may have awakened 
s orne of the people they talked to, 
whUe others felt that little im-
resssion was made. Some stu-
dents collected as much as $100 
plus pledges, whereas others col-
lected nothing. 

On April 17 the Committee met 
to discuss what further action 
should be taken in light of the 
reaction of the community. Com-
mittees were formed to continu 
the civilization of La Jolla, to 
awaken local high school stu-
dents, to do research on discri-
mination and oppression in San 

Continued on p.12 

and for the Students of UCSD 19 A ril 1968 

Revelle Approves Schultz 
Plan for Next Year 

The Revelle dormitory stu-
dents chose the Schultz plan for 
the cafeteria, with 211 votes for 
and 13 votes against. The decision 
was made after they heard Dr. 
Schultz advocate his plan at a 
meeting last Monday night. 

The four choices on the ballot 
were (1) the present system, (2) 
an open cafeteria during lunch 
with larger portions and no 
seconds, (3) an open cafeteria 
during all meals and (4) the 
Schultz plan. 

Each week, residents will buy 
a card worth twenty dollars of 
food at a 25% discount. The 
price of the food taken will be 
punched on the card. Those who 
want to eat more will have to 
buy a more expensive card. Stu-
dents with unpunched spaces at 
the end of the week might be 
repaid. other people will be able 
to buy the food with cash. Dr. 
Schultz said the cafeteria wUl 
have to be run more efficiently 
to accommodate more people. 

Dr. Schultz who developed the 
plan, said the main advantage of 
the old system was unlimited 
seconds. But this allows waste 
and charges all students the 
same, even those who do not 
eat much or who eat away fre-
quently. 

Although the food meets certain 

SOS To Aid 
Minority 
Groups 

The UCSD Social Service Com-
mittee, a campus group which was 
initiated last summer, has or-
ganized its second major cam-
paign, entitled Project SOS. The 
inception of the program came 
in response to the pressing ur-
gency of civil-rights problems 
demonstrated in the last several 
weekS, and to a challenge made to 
UCSD by the Black Students' 
Union to increase minority re-
presentation. 

Project SOS, the Special Op-
portunity Scholarship program, 
is designed to help low-income 
minority group students obtain 
an education at UCSD. Financial 
assistance will be provided dur-
ing the fre shman year. Beginning 
with the sophomore year jobs will 
be provided under the Federal 
work-study program. 

This drive will be coordinated 
with the committee's first pro-
ject, already in progress. Under 
the Tutorial project student tu-
tors have and will go into the 
southeast area of San Diego to 
give personal att nUon to those 
who need academic help. 

Tb UCSD Social Service Som-
mUte was initiat d last summer 
by 0 an Hull and a few interested 
stud nts. Since th m about 25 

Continued on .1 2 

nutritional standards, the menu 
is often repeated and the low 
quality of food does not change. 
Under the present system it is 
cheaper for Prophet Co. to work 
this way since better food costs 
more and since students eat more 
when the food is good. 

The new system should en-
courage the cafeteria to serve 

food students want since the more 
food is sold, the mo!'e profit is 
made. There will probably be a 
greater variety and more quality. 

The system was tried for two 
weeks at Muir College. It worked 
"very well" according to Dr. 
Schultz. 82% of the Muir students 
voted to keep the plan, 18CC voted 
against it. 

Fairbank Suggests UN 
Agreement With China 
John King Fairbank called for 

a reevaluation of our policy to-
ward Red China during a lecture 
Monday night. He suggested that 
we not interfere in an agreement 
between China and the United 
Nations, though he doubted that 
China would still be interested 
in jOining that organization. 

As for our particular relation 
with China, Professor Fairbank 
said that we should treat them as 
we do the Russians; engage in 
trade and have politicai ties. 
Fairbank thought that it was a 
mistake to worry about an im-
perialist China, for there is no-
thing in their history to suggest 
that they are an expansionist 
power. 

(), .. ore sent policy is the result 
of a cultural gag which leads us 
to potential disaster. We think 
we can solve things by using 
superior power. We say, "We 
can't have all this power sitting 
here unused." We've got to do 
something with it. But we cannot 
pressure a change, It doesn't 
work with a Confucian group. 

Speaking before a capacity 
crowd in TJSB 2722 and following 
a lengthy introduction, Fairbank 
went into the historical back-
ground of Chinese culture, to try 
and give Mle audience an under-
standing of the differences be-
tween Chinese culture and ours. 

In Chinese culture the individ-
ual is subordinated to the family 
and the community. There is a 
ruling class superimposed over 
the workers. In Western tradition 
people keep moving and expandmg 
but the Chinese have stayed in 
one place for hundreds of years 
under a singl ruling class. Their 
social order is achieved by having 
everyone in their place; mass 
over individual, rulers over 
workers, older over younger, 
men over women. 

Chinese moral reasoning is 
that if you do the right thing 
you become a good person nd 
command respect, trust, etc. The 
top people r up their because 
they are virtuous. Pres ntly, Mao 
ha inherit d thi mantI of vir-
tue. 

Th id a of law is vastly dif-

Prof. John K. Fairbank 
diferent. They use law to punish 
the stupid who are not virtuous. 
There is no basis for individual 
rights under law or constitution-
alism or judicial review. Rulers 
are invested with power because 
they are more virtuous. 

What is giving us trouble now, 
Fairbank said, is that we thought 
communism was not compatible 
with nationalism, whichis preva-
lent in China as well as most of 
South East Asia. The communist 
parties in orth Vietnam and 
China have risen through nation-
alist inclinations, though the one 
in North Korea didn't. Also, an 
elitest ruling group (following 
old tradition), combmed with 
mass organization have given us 
the China of today. 

:lOm I ::,' : 'i'i;e I"e ~ 
nO'J a ex lo t e,oJ i n-
ide t he A 1"30 !I II 

Post f);.t"i e on t;le 
North ,.>dl • or I'n i n-
.")}", tion to b u! -
l"7i te'; to the :1' . tOIl 
Ti'n:; . l 
qr~o~.(.n ,~ 

com. n;~ 
thel~, An', otizcr 
te (" ted . 



page 2 Aorl1 19, 1968 

~ 
•••• 

But It Has Nothing To Do With Us 
Events of the past few weeks, and more generally, the past several 

years, demonstrate quite vividly that America has reached a crucial 
point in her history. It is now Quite evident that unless something 
significant is done in the near future to improve conditions in the 
black ghettos of our cities and acheive racial equality, this country 
can look forward to such grim prospects as even the possibility of 
a full-scale civil war within her boundaries. Even if one does not 
recognize the moral justification for immediate action being taken, 
he must, on a purely pragmatlcal baSiS, recognize that something 
must be done, and done soon. 

The question then arise s of what must be done. The first reaction 
of most responsible civic leaders, or at least those responsible to 
property and business interests in the community, is that the racial 
violence in the U.S. must be controlled by a show of. force. It is now 
becoming increasingly evident that such methods have little if any 
':!(fect. Ou r leaders are finding outthatattackingthe symptons will never 
cure the illness - one must attack the roots of the cause. 

lack of exposure to the realities of the situation, or because of a desire 
to insulate themselves trom these realities. Probably even worse were 
those who recognized that a problem existed, but who could only point 
their finger at someone else in trying to tind who was to blame. 

In their frantic desire to find a scapegoat, the local press could not 
accept that the march was staged by concerned and conscientious stu-
dents. lnstead the organization behind the march was termed "pro-
fessional and chUling in content and plan". It cannot be denied that 
such "radical" non-student "instlgators" as members of the Peace 
and Freedom Party and the Black students Union did indeed partiCipate 
in the rally, but the over-emphasis of this fact on the part of the press 
is quite revealing. They did, at least, admit that the rally oook place 
without lncldent and was quite orderly. 

The recent report of the President's Riot Commission has given us a 
clue to where the answer lies. This report is quite unique. It indicts, 
collective ly, an entire society, and makes a claim that is quite dis-
turbing to a number of people . It accuses an entire society of essen-
tially being dominated by elements of racism and cites this as the 
major reason for the inability of the Afro-Americans to achieve the 
equality they were given the right to nearly a century ago. 

Many students and faculty members on this campus have accepted 
the guilt that they feel they share with the rest of society for allowing 
such conditions to persist for so long. These people were most 
probably not "active" racists, yet, unlike those who were angered 
and insulted by the riot report, they decided that we could all probably 
stand a Itttle Improvement. 

The members of this community felt that they had been unjustly 
condemned and reacted as if they had been grossly insulted. They 
replied, "Yes, there is racism, but not here." In their attempt to 
defend themselves against this intrusion into their precious sanctuary 
several citizens made comments that reveal a deep-rotted prejudice, 
or at least a lack of understanding. They spoke of "elderly domestics" 
who had "faithfully served" their employers for many years. They 
asked what their high school basketball team would be like without its 
great Negro starts. They were shocked and dismayed that someone had 
pointed the racist finger at them. 

Stop and think for moment. It a person was truly sympathetic to the 
cause of racial equality would he react in such a manner? Would he let 
his personal pride or the pride he felt for the community he lived 
in enter into an issue of such overwhelming importance? It his conscienc;e 
were clear would he take personally what was leveled collectively against 
a society or community? 

Accordingly, several programs have been initiated on campus 
recently - most significantly, the Tuesday the 9th movement and 
Project SOS. Immediate actions following the assassinations of Dr. 
Martin Luther King took the form of a march through the streets 
of a local community. This marCh, admittedly more emo ional than 
constructive in nature, was s aged to try to impress upon American 
citizens the immediaCy and urgency of the racial situation. 

The answer is firmly and unequivically, no! Only when people recognize 
tha:t society as a whole, of which we are all a part, is to blame f~r 
causing and allowing the conditions that exist today to continue, can thls 
nation hope to balance the racial scales. 

This is no time to be telling oneself how pure and guilt-free his 
community is, even if it is, in fact, free from racism. It is, instead 
a time for deep introspection, on all levels of society. U is a time 
for moral courage in the face of criticism, and perhaps even personal 
sacrifices . Only when all American citizens unite in a commo:} com-
mittment to banish racism from our land will we move forward 
in the journey of a thousand miles that began with a single step Reaction to this march, and to the furor that erupted all over the country, was rather disappointing. First of all there were those who 

refused to even recognize that any problem existed, either thrqugh a nearly a century a o. 

Guest Editorial 

Justice or Order -- Can We Decide? 
"Bonnie and Clyde" may have been nominated in many categories 

at the Academy Award ceremonies this year simply because of its 
financial backing, or because of Faye Dunaway's talents as a fashion 
model , but its popularity with the 'college generation' is probably 
(or other reaso:Js. Mu'~h of the movie's appeal is in the remarkably 
believable and real portrayal of characters and events--for which we 
have not only the director and the actors, but the cinematographor 
and all the technicians to thank, for cinema which is truly an art form. 

But what I wa:1t to write about is the message of "Bonnie and Clyde", 
of a drama which is mo:e than just the tragedy of a lovable young 
couple who die long before their time is duE' . The tragic side of the 
story comes readily to mind, as do Ille refreshingly comical scenes 
early in the film (e .g. Clyde's brazen way of introducing himself and 
his campanion--"This is Bonnie Parker and I'm Clyde Barrow. We 
rob banks.") 4.lthough the film has some very funny parts to it, its 
message is clearly no joke: when the couple wants to stop running 
and even stop robbing (and, all the more painfully, just as their 
marriage-in-theft has become a real and deep sexual marriage), 
they are faced with a massive police force which ooes not care about 
them--which wants only to see them dead. 

The brutal and cowardiy way in which Bonnie and Clyde are killed--
with the force of the machine gun bullets making their lifeless bodies 
mO'/e and jerk grotesquely in time to the din of the overequipped, 
invisible "forces of law and order"--is the last and ugliest of a series 
of steps by which the "Barr ow gang" (only five people, at its largest) 
is persecuted and used as a scapegoat by "the authorities," whoever 
they may be. From first to last, Clyde Barrow is a thief, not a killer: 
he wants first the companionship and love of Bonnie, and second 
the respect of his fellow men--which he gains, especially from those 
who, like him, are the victims of a Depression over which they have 
no control. The seemingly endless din of the machine guns which 

News 
Roger Lhowle:; 

Advertis.ng 
Geoffr !y Moyle 

f.rlitor-in-Chief 
Renney Senn 

Graphic Arts 
Bob Chen 

Copy 
Cathy Topping 

l'hotography 
Steve Leonard 

For ReVl·lie News, Steve Landau. For Muir News, Colin Morgan. 
Reporters: Sus:m Adams, Randy Erickson, George McCollister, Steve 
Sick. 

Sports Starf: Jerry Bartelle, Alan Werthelheime; David Stearns. 
Society Stan: Bev Barnise, Joel Goodman, Dave Sacherman. 
Copy Crl'''!: J ohn McC:;J~hy (Co- Editor), "Pat Campbell, Martha Crow, 

Chelene Folin, Rene Long, Susan Phillips. 
Photography Staff: Don Bright (Co- Editor), Bob Conrad, Dion Hollen-

beck, Greg Prior. 
Assistant Graphic Arts Editor: Jim Dyke. 
Justowriters: Jon CollinS, Trish Ct;nningham, Judy Robertson, Marc 

Rothman. 
Pos IUons still vacant: Society and feature Editorships and Business 
Ma~l!'er. 

kill Clyde and his companion in theft and love, is an empty echo of I we can sympathize with Bonnie 
the sound of the meat cleavor by which Clyde is almost killed--again, and Clyde in their dealings with 
by an unseen murder, again without warning--early in the movie. it "The Law," must we re lyon the 
is the first 'violence' we see, and an act which leaves Clyde trembling I National Guard periodically to 
with terror, whimpering in the speeding car to Bonnie, "He tried to take over for the local police, in 
kill me! I wasn't going to hurt anyone." every major city in the country, 

The 'reasoning' behind law enforcement techniques of this butcher to see that the law is justly and 
and the va.rlous kinds of policemen ancl "rangers" In "Bonnie and adequately enforced? Or is there 
Clyde" is based not on a desire to do justice but on a compulsive some way we can show that we 
need to maintain order--an oder in which all those subject to the do care enough about the Bonnie-
law are either obsequiou:: or dead. So inflated is the "public image" and-Clydes-- the ghetto Negroes 
of the bank-robbing pair, and so full of fear and hate are the "law --the Martin Luther Kings--of 
men," that Bonnie and Clyde are faced with two alternatives: run, or our SOCiety? Care enough that we 
die. Their death is horrible to watCh, unfair, and tragic; and yet ',vill not let anyone, whether the 
it is a nobler (if an earlier) death than they otherwise would have died: local policeman, ' the invisible 
Like folk hero Pretty Boy Flovd (or Bob Dylan's more recent John "white racist," or the elusive 
Wesley Harding), Bonnie and Clyde are heroes to the poor ("I don't CIA man, make a mockery of 
care what he done- he's done right by me.") They have shown that, aJ- the rights, the justice, the legal 
though you may not live 10nR. you can live outside the law and yet be procedures that the U.S. Con-
honest, brave, and clean. "John Wesley Harding was a friend to the stitutlon is at least known for? 

I 
poor: he travelled wIth a gun in hand--lI.H around this countryside By Terry Bain 
he opened many a door: But he was never known to hurt an honest Letters to the Editor 
man." And this reputation they deserve, they can be proud of; for, • 
in breaking with the legal, they have broken with what is dull and rtqj be ::mt to the Tr'l--
communplace in their lives; they have stopped doing 'what you're ton T'l-mes J Student 
supposed to do.' The fancy cars and fine clothes in which Bonnie and Affairs Office , Buil-
Clyde appear are merely the outward show for the inner sense of ding 250 .'-1atthew8 
self-respect and efficacy which they have gained by mastering the Campus L~tters should 
art of the hold-up. They rob not so much for the thrlll of it as to • 
prove to themselves that they are important, and that their claim be of reasonabZe len-
to a piece of the big national pie Is just as valid as anyone else's. ath (300 words) and 
Their past efforts have been so futile and their treatment so bad that ~st be signed. Any 
they must receive the respect of others in order to truly respect Zettel'S lacking a bona 
themse lves. f'd . t '11 

If you can see "Bonnie and Clyde" from this perspective, perhaps .~ e S'l-gna .u~e W'l-H 
you can also see what factors are involved in the present-day looting not be e hg'l-b le for 
and so-called rioting by American Negroes in our big cities. An econo- pub lication. 
mically frustrated Clyde Barrow decided to "chuck it" and rob banks; 
then, only too soon, "The Barrow Gang" was stigmatized as 'criminal' , 
and running for their liVE S. The young Negro of today is not only 
economically frustrated; \le, like his parents and their parents, has 
been stigmatized trom birth so thoroughly that to add an arrest to 
his record does not seem to do him much additional stigmatic harm. 
It would seem that, like Cylde Barrow, the average big-city looter 
wants mainly recognition--wants to be known by his brothers as a 

I 
member or a movement which says "We shall overcome"--whatever 
tactics are chosen to do the overcoming. It is in vogue nowadays, in 
certain Circles , to call the means "violence"- -bul no one stops to 
say what they mean by the word! Is it violence against person, or against 
property? Does "violence" mean killing, or does it include looting, 
burning, and/or all forms of civil disorder the speaker finds ob-jectionable (or commendable, depending on the perspective)? Look at 
the statistics in the riots following Dr. King's death: thousands of 
arrests for burning and looting, and yet very few deaths (in spite of 
the remarkably frequent references to " snipers" by the news media). 

"Restore order to the st reets of our cities" see ms to have become 
a modern-day cliche; and it is a credit to those policing "riot areas" 
that they can do so and yet bring about very few deaths. And yet, 11 

Guest Editmials . hould 
not exceed 500 words, 
and must be signed. 
AU editorials submit-
ted wiZZ be pubZished 
according to space and 
quality.MateriaZ sub-
mitted to this publi-
cation 1:ecomes proper-
ty of the Tri ton Times . 
Classified Ads may be 
te l ephoned (ext . l077~ 
or mai Zed to the TT'i-
ton Times , Bldg. 250, 
.!fC, UCSDJ,25¢ per Une) 

Apr; 1 19, 1968 page 3 

Students Evaluate T.A. 5 
Teaching assistants are inte-

gral elements in the process of 
education at UCSD. Professors 
have been described as those who 
talk in someone else's sleep, and 
otten this may be unfortunately 
accurate, particularly in large, 
lower-division classes such as 
humanities, where tHe students' 
relationship with the professor is 
limited to absorbing his lecture. 

The weekly discussion meet-
ings, conducted by the T.A.s, pro-
pose to compensate for the short-
comings of these large classes. 
Students do seem to feel that the 
value ot a quarter or humanities 
is determined at least as much 
by the competence of their T.A. 
as by the professor. 

Discussion of the T.A.s role 
defined certain differences in 
students' expectations. Phil Mai-
orca suggested that the T.A.s 
mu'>t "stimulate meaningful con-
versation" and make the material 
relevant to the period as a whole. 
He says the section meetings 
should not be a synopsis of the 
material or lecture, but that the 
T.A. should bring the discussion 
to a point. Ken Star , however, 
believes that the goal of the dis-
cussions is not answers; "the 
trick is to get the point on your 

V;ve la 

own." He found that some T.A.s 
lecture too much but that the 
discussions do best stimulate 
ideas, since one is forced to 
think. when boxed in by others' 
arguments. Unfortunately, stu-
dents or T .A.s are not always 
prepared. 

Freshman Bill Crede has found 
that individual communication 
with T.A.s makes the material 
more relevant to his own lile. 
BUl Enoch, also a freshman, be-
Heves that discussions are more 
provocative than lectures, where 
the professor only has time to 
present the basics. T.A.s pre-
sent personal opinions, giving 
the students a chance to respond. 

It was suggested that writing 
difficulties might be alleviated 
by having the same T.A. more 
than one Quarter and learning 
his standards. Phil's contrary 
opinion was that stude nts should 
develop a varied style of writing, 
making it possible to communi-
cate with anyone. He believes 
that on the lower division level, 
communication is the most im-
portant objective. Students, es-
pecially in their freshman year, 
need to learn how to think. They 
need to learn that one can sys-
tematize intellectual thought and 

France! 
By Kathy Benson and Cathy Merrill 

Kathy Benson and Cathy Merrill are the Triton Times special cor -
respondents from Paris. ln this feature, Kathy tells of their families, 
and the Sorbonne. 

We arrived in Paris by bus; finally, at 4:00 in the morning we got 
settled at our hotel. We slept until Tuesday, since we didn't have any 
French money and the banks are closed on Monday (and that meant we 
couldn't eat until we changed our money). Tuesday we found a bank, 
got some money, and invested in some yogurt. (French yogurt is very 
good!) We walked all over PariS, in light snow and rain for the next 
3 days (it took us that long to figure out the Metro!). 

We figured out the Paris prices, and, counting our money, we 
drifted into the Paris "Acceued pour Jeunes Etrangeres" which sets 
up foreign girls in jobs with French families. We just wanted to find 
out what the deal was, but they interviewed us and gave us the names 
of two families within ten minutes. So--we went to look at the familie s. 

One family lived on Avenue de Balzac-so I was hooked immedlately! 
The famlly turned out to live up to their address: he's a singer and 
she's his manager! They're botb very nice! 

My job is lots of fun. I teach English to their three year old and to 
their 14 year old, translate French songs lnto English, write songs 
in English, correct their accents and stuff -- for this I get room, 
board, and 200 francs a month. Cathy1s set up is just as easy. She's 
with a couple from Normandy. He's head of a cheese firm, and she's 
supposed to teach him English. 

Cathy has only one complaint! The family is hung up on FOOD. In 
Normandy they used to spend 10 hours at dinner on Sunday. So, every 
night she has to suffer through 3 hours of course after course, ac-
companied by wine, prefaced by aperitifs, and climaxed by cognac! 

My family Is hung up on health. We eat lots oC raw hamburger, 
boiled cauliflower, a.ntl natural yogurt. I just love raw hamburger, 
cauliflower, and natural yogurt, now; it sort oC grows on you! 

Cathy and I are learning French cuisine. Cathy can make patis-
series, mayonnaise, and all kinds of soups and aperitifs. When I 
get home, I'U invite everyone over for a dinner of raw hamburger, 
boiled caullfiower, and natural yogurt! 

The Sorbonne is really nice. U's very impressive, the students 
make UCSD kids look like the cleanest, most wellgroomed, best 
dressed best looking campus ever! There are four times as many 
girls as boys. Their social life Is sort of wild. Everything that you 
may have ever heard about Paris is true! Neither one of use has gone 
out at night without our families. So, Paris is safe - with Cathy and I 
locked up at home! 

he orre~ lncs 
e hristian Bhurch 

Most Cordially Invite You to Its Sunday Service 
Church School 9:45a .m. 

Morning Worship 11 :00 a .m. 
Dr. Ewart Wyle, Minister 

SPECIAL: University Stud nts Bible Class 
in F llowship Hall ach Sunday at 9:30 a. m. 
1 ad r: Dr. Gal n M 11. You ar invited. 

1 Mile South of UCSD 
20 La Joll a Scenic Drive 

they must gain a feeling of how 
this thought has affected others 
and can affect them. Several 
students disagreed and asserted 
that what a student thinks is all 
important. 

There was disagreement con-
cerning the uniformity of T.A.s 
standards. Some students' grades 
are fairly consistent, while 
others' range from A's to C's. 
Different T .A.s place different 
emphasis on content and form. 

Peggy Braunstein indicated 
that relationships with T.A.s 
should be more informal than 
that of student-teacher. It is the 
T.A. who defines this relation-
ship by his classroom manner. 
Some Insist on quizes or taking 
roll, which only serves to em-
phasize a classroom situation. 
Perhaps it really would be stimu-
lating and creative to have 
classes outside on warm days, 
as Peg suggested. 

The Publications and Public Information staff poses in front of the 
Fire House on Matthews Campus - their new headquarters. 

Glasheen Photo 

PPI Invades Fire House 
BUI Crede finds T.A.s easily 

cont'd on page 9 

Way down deep, Cy Greaves, 
Al Bowser , Ardys Heise, Peg-
gy Burckhardt, Paul West,Jackie 
Conn and Gay Crawfor1---the 
Publications, Public Information 

l3y Bev Barnise 
Times Society lIri ter 

A note from the past: UCSD night at Mickie Finn's was a lot of 
fun. Among those there en Iovine: the entertainment were Linda Meyers 
and Al Smith , Sally Bianco and Norman Down, Tom Lenahan and Jo- -

ann Aarson and of course the newspaper gang and their dates. Cliff 
Cook hosted a drunk afterwards at his La Jolla Shores apartment. 
Bob Conrad was there and asked to be mentioned. 

The weekend of the 9th was crowded with car rallies. Sochelas 
and APO sponsored Neptune Rallye 112 and ASP had a rallye for men-
bers and their dates. 

A belated Happy' Birthday to Joanne Sprague , April 3, and Happy 
Birthday to Alex Urquhart on April 28. 

"Elvira Madigan .. is a tremendous movie! Girls, remember to 
take your handkerchiefs. 

The AS sponsored its big dance of the spring quarter last week-
end. The dance featured the Peanut Butter Conspiracy, a band UCSD 
had been looking forward to hearing. 

Brian Lawson spent the weekend of the 9th in San Francisco, court-
esy of a girl he met in Mexico during vacation. 

Scripp's Beach has been packed with UCSD students lately. Now 
that the high schoolers have gone back to school there is more room 
on the beach and, almost more important, parking spaces. 

Professors Boskin and Dorsett from USC will face an over-capa-
city crowd every Tuesday in 2722 when they lecture to their joint 
History class. The enrollment is a tremendous display of Boskin's 
popularity. 

Another USC professor this Quarter is Prof. Levine who is teach-
ing a Law and Society course. The first session intimidated most 
of the students with 'its direct questioning method, surely a new and 
somewhat frightening techniqau to UCSDers. 

George Paluso and Tom Tucker represented the UCSD Circle K 
Club at a regional convention at the El Cortez. Reports are that the 
after parties are fun ! 

APO will sponsor its annual Beauty and Beast dance on the 19th. 
Many door prizes as well as the crowning of campus beauty and beast 
will highllght the evening. 

No matter 
how you get here • •• 
we're close by I 
Keep your money where it's safe ... easy to get to and use ... with a 
checking account and savings account at San Diego's oldest and 
largest local bank. We lend money, too ... for almost any worthwhile 
purpose. (Our auto loan rates are especially low.) So ... scoot by 
today l Southern California First National is the only bank in La Jolla 
Shores. Our friendly staff Is especially trained to serve college men 
and women. FEATURING: 

Southern 
CALIFORNIA FIRST 
National Bank 
LA JOLLA SHORES OFFICE 

Real [Sllte LOins 
Escrows 

2256 Avenlda de la Playa/I.e Jolla, California 92038 
0044 Walter G. RobeI1aon .. a 

and Gifts Endowments crew a 
UCSD---are wearing red suspen-
ders. 

In an eHort to add warmth to 
our friendly and efficient ser-
vice, we have moved from the 
former Marine Ba~e PX to the 
second floor of the Fire Hou'>e. 
This is in building 101 on the 
Matthews Campus. (The tele-
phone extension is still 1382.) 

Among the things we still offer: 
1. A pleasant, breezy outdoor 

stairway with a view of the tate-
Iy eucalyptus grove. 

2. Honorary membership in the 
UCSD Volunteer Fire Brigade. 
(Complete with badge.) 

3. Soft seats on tire sale cush-
ions. 
4. A sllde down the fire pole. 

(Please make reservations one 
week in advance.) 
5. Our usual warm, friendly. 

efficient and accessible service. 
(With no reservations.) 

Come visit us! Just turn right 
at the Fire House anrt look for 
the red suspenders. 

HAVING VISITORS 7 
. WHY NOT PUT THEM 
UP A T THE QUIET, 

COM FOR T AB LE 

LEMON 
TREE 
MOTEL 

JUST 5 MIN. UP THE 
COAST IN DEL MAR. 
SWIM YEAR ROUND 
IN THE 80 0 -POOL , 

WATCH FREE T. V. 
WAKE UP IN THE 

MORNING TO JUICE 
COFFEE & DONUTS 

EXPE"SIVE ? 
DURING WINTER , 
MENTION THIS AD 
AND RATE IS ONLY 

$6.00 for DOUB LE 

PHONE 755-4494 

1049 
CAMINO DEL MAR. 
DELMAR, CALIF. 



page 4 Apr il 19. 1968 

APO 
Tonight the Revelle cafeteria 

wfll be the scene of the second 
annual Beauty and the Beast dance 
sponsored by APO. The dance 
will feature' Linda and the Cen-
taurs ' as well a s a host of door 
prizes and of course the crown-
Ing of the campus beauty and 
beast. 

Sponsors 
a free car wash. The first place 
beauty will receive a lame Ught 
and shadow box from Dorothy 
Cooper's, a hair piece,asweater 
from Ancker's Pendleton Shop, 
and dinner for two at the Bali 
Hal. 

Contestants will not be the only 
ones to receive prizes tonight. 
There will also be over $100.00 
worth of door prizes for those 
attending the dance . The dance 
wlll cost $1.00 for UCSDstudents 
and will last from 9 - 1:00 
o'clock. 

The second place beast wtu 
win dinner for two at Miyako' s , 

a matching tie and liandkerchlef· 
and cuff links; a $10.00 gift 
certilicate from Sampson's, and 
a free car wash. The s~cond 
place beauty will win a lame 
light, a hairstyle from Harold's 
In Mission Valley, and dinner for 
two at Anthony's . 

The third place winner will 
receive dinner for two at Wat-
bel's, a Sera shirt, a $10.00 
gift certificate from Lion's, a 
tie and a car wash. The beauty 
will r eceive a shampoo and set 
from the Pampered Lady,a$4.00 
gift certificate from Walker Scott 
and dinner for two at Love's. Beast contest. 

Voting has taken place all week 
at the APO table in the plaza. 
One penny equals one vote. The 
money made from the dance goes 
towards a scholarship for a needy 
UCSD student. Contestants in-
clude for beast: Tom Hyde, "The 
Nad"; Bob Cooper, " B.C. "; 
Chuck Milne, "The Widow's 
Weed"; Colin Morgan, "The 
Fuzz"; Bill Rokaw, "The Mid-
night Skulker"; Howard Fer-
guson, "It"; and Chuck Boyer, 
"The Caterpillar". Beauty con-
testants are Dody Larsen, Chris 
Auber, Toni Wingarten, Pat Shoe-
maker, Debbie Ginberg, Pat 
Campbell, and Jennifer Skaug. 

Senator Kennedy's Speech Gives Direction 
All contestants for the titles 

.of beauty and beast w!1l receive 
prizes for ente ring the contest. 
The top three winners will r e-
ceive additional prizes. The first 
place beast will receive a tailor 

mad~ suit from Bill Gamble ' s, 
dinner for two at Anthony's , and 

Luce Slated 
To Lecture 

Rocky Booth, president of 
UCSD Young RepubUcans, an-
nounced the scheduling of a free 
lecture by Ph1llip AbbOtt Luce 
on the subject of "Black Power 
and Guerllla Warfare In U. S. 
Cities. 

Mr. Luce Is the author of THE 
NEW LEFT, ROAD TO REVO-
LUTION, and THE lNTELL-
IGE NT STUDENT'S GUIDE TO 
SURVIVA L. 

Before defecting from the Pro-
gressive Labor Party (PLP) in 
January, 1965 , Luce wa,s Editor 
of the Progressive Labor maga-
zine. In 1963 , he was a leader 
of the "student- trip to Cuba, 
in open violation of the State 
Department travel ban. 

Booth said that Phil Luce wlll 
speak on April 19, 1968 at 4 PM 
in the Humanities Library Au-· 
ditorlum and the meeting will 
be open to the public. 

!~ 
UP WI? 

~k}-
I~ -
MJO 
FO;,JO 

t·W~a,F 
UJ A 
&)X· 

AJr} r 
S))Ct(6 

T~T IF 
~OH6-
HCW r 
CDUL..O 
f3ffAK 
0JfCf' 
THIS BOX-

The following article 
is an excerpt [rom a 
speech by Senator 
Robert Kennedy. This 
is the second in a 
series of articles 
pubUshed by the Tri-
ton Times featuring 
the political plat-
forms of the us presi-
dential candidates. 
This speech was se lec-
ted for pub liaation 
by the University Com-
munity for Kennedy at 
UCSD . 

I would speak with you, not 
about politiCS or election pros-
pects, but about what Is rapid-
ly becoming the most terrible 
and urgent domestic crisis to 
face this nation since the War 
Between the states. 

I speak of course, of the vio-
lence that has exploded in our 
citles. spreading across the 
country, sending fear and anger 
before It, leaving death and de-
vastation behind. -

The strife is not the failure 
of a single Administration or 
single institution of government. 
It does not rest with particu-
lar Mayors or Governors, with 
civil rights leader s or federal 
officials. It is embedded in the 
history of modern America; it 
reflects an Inadequacy of under-
standing. 

So let us reject narrow views 
and struggles for political ad-
vantage; and let us find instead 

A~[) .r 
PMlIQ(£O 
Bt:CAUSf 
r [l1[)tJ', 
!<}JM -
HOW TO 
66T o:;r 

r W:?VLD, 
FROH THIS 

that spacious and resolute nation-
al purpose which alone can end 
the revolution in our cities, and 
build us citles which do not breed 
revo lution. 

A violent tew cannot be permit-
ted to threaten the lives and well-
being of the many, nor lawless 
gangs to disrupt the peace of 
our cities and the hopes of their 
fellows for progress. Those who 
lead others to burn and klll must 
feel the lull force of the law. 

That, however, is just the be-
ginning. Punishment is not pre-
vention. History offers cold com-
fort to those who think grievance 
and dlspair can be subdued by 
force. To understand is not to 
permit. But to fail to understand 
Is the surest guarantee of mount-
Ing strife, wbich wfll assault the 
well-being of every citizen. The 
riots may have passed their peak 
---let us hope so---but now we 
enter a period of equal danger. 
It is the danger of a deepen-
ing division between white and 
black America. 

This is the danger that comes 
from those who refer to their 
fellow Americans as «honkies· . 
or «mad dogs·«. This division 
represents not a failure of com-
passion, or understanding and 
communication. We live in dif-
ferent worlds and gaze out over 
a different landscape. Through 
the eyes of the white majority, 
the man of decent Impulse and 
moral purpose, the Negro world 
Is one of steady and continuous 
progress. In a few years, he has 
seen the entire structure of dis-
criminatory racial justice. while 

Feiffer 
MJO r 

cov~o 
JUsT -IHA61~6 
THe' u;a( 
OF coo-
g:~P~y 

WIFt~ 
FAC£-

AfJD 1HetJ 
r BE6MJ 
10 THI~K-

Negro Americans enter the Cabi-
net and the Supreme Court. The 
white American has paid taxes 
for poverty and education pro-
grams, and watched his children 
risk their Uves to register voters 
in Alabama. Seeing this, he asks, 
what cause can there be for vio-
lent insurrection, or dissatisfac-
tion with present progress? 

But If we try to look through 
the eyes of the youngslum-dwel-
ler --, the Negro, and the Puerto 
Rican, and the Mexlcan-Ameri-
can -- the world is a dark and 
hopeless place indeed. 

The growing child goes to a 
school which teaches l1ttle that 
helps him in an alien world. 
The chances are 7 out of 10 
that he will not graduate from 
high school -- and even when he 
does, he has a 50-50 chance of 
acquiring only as much as the 
equ1Uvent of an 8th grade educa-
tion. A young college graduate 
who taught in a ghetto school 
sums it up this way: "The books 
are junk, the paint peels, the 
cellar stinks, the teachers call 
you nigger, the window faUs in 
on your head." 

The chances are that he was 
born Into a family without a 
father -- often as a result of 
welfare laws which require a 
broken home as a condition of 
help; for the Negro, his chance 
to .Uve to 20 is the same as a 
white man has of living to 40. I 
have seen, in my State of New 
York, these children crowded 
with adults into one or two rooms 
without adequate plumbing 01' heat 
each nighttrying to defend against 

A~(/ THt 

marauding rats . 
It must be for us a cruel and 

humbling fact -- but it is a fact 
nonetheless -- that our efforts 
have not even mainlained the 
problem as it was: economic and 
social conditions in these areas 
says the Department of Labor, 
are growing worse, not better. 

But this is not all that the 
young man of the ghetto can see. 
Everyday, as theyearspass. and 
he becomes aware that there is 
nothing at the end of the road, he 
watches the rest of us go from 
peak to new peak of comfort. A 
few blocks away or on his tele-
vision set, the young Negro of 
the slums sees the multiplying 
marvels of white America: more 
new cars and more summer va-
cations, more air-conditioned 
homes and neatly-kept lawns. 

Thus he is denied the most fun-
damental of human needs; the 
need for Identity; for recognition 
as a citizen and as a man. Here, 
and not in the pitiful charade of 
revolutionary cratory, is the 
breeding ground of Black Nation-
alism and "reverse racism," 
and of aimless hostf11ty and vio-
lence. The violent youth of the 
ghetto is not simply protesting his 
condition" but making a destruc-
tive and sell-defeating attempt 
to assert his worth and dignlty 
as a human being -- to teU us 
that though we may scorn his 
contribution, we must respect 
his power. 

Does aU this give us a direc-
tion for the future? I think it 
does. 

HUMIU Al10lJ 
J WOOW '-

OO~[)~ 
UPOkJ MY 
1(1(0-

WHAT'S SO 
BAli ABwr 
A BOX? IIA~ STrIV£ ",---;-.;......;.;...;+--::~ 
U~CfASI~l-Y 
108fCDH£ 
A HORe 
ReSPONSIVe 

\,....-:~----., \ 
f~tt! 

\ 

H~BMJrI -

. . 

I . 

'. 

April 19, 1968 paqe 5 

Spikers Vaporize Cal Luthern 

./ 
Salling. The UCSD salling Team is shown around tbeir boat. Re-
cently they put UCSD 4th out of 13 schools competing In the Southern 
Series. -Staff Photo 

Sailors Rate 4thOut of 13 
This last week saw the final 

regatta of the Southern series for 
the UCSD salling team. 

Six meets have been held 
throughout the Southern Series, 
and final overall standings are 
dete rmined by team finishes in 
the best 5 of the 6. On this basis, 
the UCSD Tr itons placed 4th of 
13 competing schools for the 
Series. 

The 6th regatta was hosted by 
UCLA at Marina del Rey in Los 
Angeles, with USC finishing first 
for tbls particular regatta. Ken 
Holmes, skippering in the "A" 
division, . and Rich Relneman, 
saWng In the "B" division, 
brought UCSD a 2nd place for the 
match among the nine colleges 
represented. 

Weather conditions often ham-
pered the racers, with a steady 
wind of 8-14 knots, butthe Triton 
skippers and crews (Cathy Top-

First UCSD 
Sports Ra lIy 
Held Today 

At noon today on Revelle Plaza 
wlll be a first event for UCSD: 
a sports rally. 

ping & Chris Pendleton) did an 
admirable job to place. 

USC's 1 st place in this 6th 
regatta earned them 1st place 
overall for the Southern Series. 
San Diego State finished 2nd over-
all, Orange Coast College 3rd, 
UCSD 4th, UC Irvine 5th. and 
UCLA 7th, with others rounding 
out the 13 total competitors. 

The sailing squad is looking 
forward to the Pacific Coast 
Championships to be lleld at UC 
Irvine, April 26th. They then wUl 
take part in the elimination tour-
nament to be hosted by UCSD and 
San Diego State at Santa Clara 
Point, the 27 and 28 of AprU. This 
ellminatlon will be fordetermln-
aUon of entrants for the national 
championships. 

Finally, UCSD and San Diego 
State will co-host the PCIYRA 
(Pacific Coast Intercollegiate 
Yacht Racing Association) single 
handed championships here the 
4th of May. 

Intramural sports weekend: 

The Triton thinclads, facing 
tllelr toughest test of the season, 
narrowly escaped defeat with 
a 104-40 vletory over powerful 
Cal Luthern College. 

In the running events, the day 
saw UCSD win tile 440 relay in a 
record-breaking time of 44.7. In 
the mile run Warren Kumlately 
and J.J. Naumann placed flrst and 
second respectively. The winning 
time was 4:36.2. Eric "Tile Blur" 
Yeoman, displaying his best ef-
fort of the season in the 120 yd 
high hurdles, sped to victory in 
the never-recorded time of 16.4. 
Close behind him was Near A. 
Garten, who actually missed se-
cond by secmds. Marc Rottenman 
brought the crowd screaming to 
its feet as he nashed across the 
finish line in the 440 yddash with 
an unbelievable time of 52.6. 
Right on his heels in second was 
Dave "Rac" Kuhn, who though 
hampered somewhat by a broken 
leg, neverthe less finished the 
race. 

Probably the greatest upset of 
the season occured when Tom 
"Wildman" WoUe was nipped in 
the century (a painful spot) by 
some Cal Luthern shot-putter. 
The winning time was only 10.4 
a cloctlng Wolfe could easlly ba ve 
beateD bad be DOt bleD strlkeD 

by triple pneumonia at the time. 
In third place was "Running 
Bear." 

Dusty Nash and "Somebody" 
Else captured lirst and second 
respectively in the half mile run. 
Exhibiting his superlative form, 
Dusty streaked through the tape 
in a phantasmlgorical 2:03.6. In 
the 220, the wily Wolfe lound his 
cancer - r idden body to be too 
much of a deficit as he was once 

again beaten by that same Cal 
Luthern shot-putter. However, 
that UCSD may take some con-
solation, Joe "Spider" McCarthy 
ran away with third recognition. 

In the 440 intermediate hur-
dles, Tom Gatling gunned his way 
into the winner's column with a 
59.3, shattering the long standing 
one-minute barrier. The UCSD 
splkemen swept the field and 
clened -up wltb tbe lirst three 

place~ in the two mile run. Jay 
Seagull placed first with his best 
time so-far of 10:28.7, and hack-
ing their way through the dust 
behind him came Kumlately and 
Charley Lightfoot. 

Apparently no longer able to 
withstand the Inexorable on-
slaught of the Triton cinder-
burners, Cal Luthern bowed-out 
of the mile relay, the last event 
at the UCSD 

was able to pull out a victory 
with a 3:39.1. The Tritons also 
captured second, a remarkable 
feat to say the least. 

Meanwhlle, out in the field 
(where the real action was taking 
place, despite any protestations 
to the contrary by our illustrious 
captain), the world saw K.Nowles 
jump his way to stardom in the 
high jump, soaring to the un-
precedented altitude of 5'9", des-
pite a vicious 50 mph wind blow-
ing straight down over the high 
jump pit. 

Finally overcoming his many 
handicaps, Tommy Wol fe showed 
the world his prowess by leaping 
21 ' 5 1/2" for first in the long 
jump. In second was Near A • 
Garten, who had jumped farther 
but was called back because of 
rain. 

In the triple jump (three jumps) 
T.W. WoUe once again wore that 
laurel wreath, which gave him 
tbe only important double-vic-
tory of the day. Lifting bis nymph-
like body sweetly into the air, 
Tom nopped to earth 39'101/2" 
away --- a wonderous feat. 

Roy Diamond, sending the 
country-side into ecstatics, plan-
ted the leaden juggernaut 43'4" 
down the way to give UCSD at 
least one first in the shot. In 
the discus, Garfolo whirled his 
way to victory with a toss of 
137'10", which set a new school 
record and rates as 64.5% of the 
world's recor d (a fact often over-
looked by many superficial s tu-
dents of statistics). Throwing 
ylth a partially severed spine, 
Rov Diamond took third. 

Failing to hit his mark tn 
the javelin, Bullet Garfolo had 
to settle for two pedestrians 
and second place. Diamond, 
throwing with a partially sev-
ered wrist, again took third. 

To wrap-up the field events 
10 grand style, tbe vaulting trio 
of Dent, BurdiCk, and Bright 
collaborated and ran away wlth 
all three places. They are now 
believed to be somewhere in 
Mexico. Jim my "The Greek" 
Dent and Jeofrey Burdick shared 
top honors with 12'6" and "Sun 
so" Bright protected the rear 
with 11'. 

Sponsored by AS Presidential 
and Vice-presidential candidates 
Mishler and Hetrick, the rally 
wlll have aU the elements, in-
cluding demonstrations of events, 
entertainment, pep talks by 
coaches, and cheerleaders. 

This year's Intramural sports 
weekend will be held May 17 and 
18 at UC Berkeley. UCSD stu-
dents w11l be bused to LA and 
l1y to Berkeley from there for 
the Tuesday affair. All expenses 
will be paid for those students 
qualifying for the trip. Intra-
mural winners in the following 
acU vities are eligible: 

Up up and .away is Bruce Bur dick clearing 13 ft. 

AU in all, mentor Rick John-
son was quite pleased and pro-
mised the team an extra $5 a 
piece for meals. 

The base ball, tennis , track and 
crew teams wlli all be there to 
give various demonstrations such 
as shotputtlng, crew demonstra-
tions, and track events. 

At the same time, the candi-
dates Cor the Beauty and the Beast 
contest will be presented to the 
student body, with the winners 
announced at the dance tonight. 

Football Coach Walt Hackett 
will say a few words about the 
coming initial season for UCSD, 
and the other coaches will bring 
the students up to date on various 
team activities. This is the first 
sports rally of any kind to be 
held at UCSD, so it w1ll be 
unique if nothing else. 

JOHN GILL JEWELER 
LO% DISCOUNT 
TO STUDENTS 

DIAMONDS- WATCHES- JEWELRY 
JEWELRY DESIGNING 

EXPERT WATCH REPAIR 

7728 GIRARD AVE. 
IN COVE TllEATHE BUILDING 

OUR 18th YEAR 
IN LA JOLLA 

MEN 
Softball 
Tennis 
Bowling 
Badminton 
Handball 
Table Tennis 
WOMEN 
Volleyball 
Basketball 
Tennis 

9 men 
2 men 
3 men 
2 
2 
2 

7 
7 
2 

Swimming 2 

Anyone interested get in shape 
now, and check the intramural 
Handbook tor the competition 
schedule. For more information, 
contact Gary SchUler, ext. 1336. 

TIlED Of 

An intramural swim meet wlll 
be held at the pool tomorrow, 
April 20 at 10:00 a.m. The event 
is open to all eligible students , 
men and women. 

Events will include: 50 yd. 
freestyle, breststroke, and back-
stroke; 100 yd. freestyle, breast-
stroke, and backstroke; a 200 yd. 
relay, and 200 yd. freestyle event. 
The two top women finishers will 
be el1glble for participation in the 
all-Cal intramural sports week-
end to be held May 17 and 18 
at Berkeley. 

WALKING '1 
RIDE A BIKE 

SCHWINN - RALEIGH - PHILLIPS 

EXPERT REPAIRS ON ALL BICYCLES 
CALL 459-3141 FOR PICK - UP and 
DELIVERY SERVICE AT UCSD 

731 PEARL STREET 
Tuesday - Saturday 9: 00- 5: 30 

Math students count on PSA 

Fly north for only $17.78 .In Fr.lnci o. 
O:1 ' I,\I1U or an J()~C - lpl·tr·1 Jet.. Si?iR. 7'27 ::' .. Jd .. 
SI9 .85 . acramento 19R5.mu 21.51} L . all flight 
S6.35. Phone )'our campu, rep or call P A. van Ol<;go 
2Qf( · 461 I . or our tra el agcnt. ,0 ur cam pu.s rep: 

~~SUSAN"UGHES 
O""""L S""''''''/ H .... • :s 222. 2S 72 



iron 
John Mi shier Ron Hetrick 

Extensive eC!orts will be directed toward effecting a general at-
titude change in the student body. Elimination of apathy wll11nsure 
a more efiicient government, which is better able to serve the needs 
of the students. Moreover, an increased participation will facili-
tate both the ability of the A.S.B. to act in the interest of the stu-
dents and the students ' own capacity to inform their representatives 
of the changes which need to occur. In essence, this demands more 
personal contant between students and their representatives. The 
A.S.B. is the sale organization on campus in which all of the students 
have membership. It is, therefore, the logical instrument through 
which students can affect change. The trend has been, however, 
for initiatives to originate and be sustained in organizations wor-
king independently of and occasionally at odds with the action of the 
A.S.B., when in essence their goals have been the same. 

To change this trend of disorganization and its ineffectiveness, 
we propose the following: 

l ) Addition of elected commissioners with responsibilities related 
to: athletics, school spirit, elections, publicity and social activi-
ties. Purpose: A) to alleviate senator workload and B)attain greater 
efficiency in each area. 

Continued on page 11 

Roy Verdery 

The Collowing is a presentation of ideas on issues faCing the Unl-
v3rsity and the Associated Students. 1 do not intend this list to be 
exhaustive or my ideas to be final. I am, alter all, a student. 

The Associated Students should: 
I. Support special lecturers, (e.g. Senator GrUHn, Karenga). 
2. Help get more black and brown students and faculty into the Uni-
versity and urge the establishment of an ACro-AmerIcan History 
requirement included in the Humanities program. 
3. Provld~ the campus with entertainment, (e.g. bands , dances, comedy, 
theater). 
4. Coordinate student representatives on administrative and faculty 
committees and involve more students in curriculum planning, pro-
fessor evaluation , and actions of the administration, such as fixing 
parking fees. 
5. Assist the establishment of college government and provide funds 
tor college activities such as orientation and dances . 
6. Maintain an active student Judicial board representing all points 

Continued on page 11 

rVoteOn 
,April 24 

Tri sh Cunni~ham;T (J11 Shepard 

We believe that the responsibility of the AS is to make its members 
more aware of their roles in both the academic and the outside com-
munities. An awakening of purposes in the AS will spontaneously 
generate interest and participation in AS activities. The following 
are the ways in which we hope to accomplish this goal: 

1. A publicity committee will be formed and chairmaned by a paid 
employee whose goal will be to insure that all students are aware of 
the activities connected with the University through the use of marquee 
message boards on the Revelle and Muir parking lots, publicity in the 
newspaper). This would give the AS the tool it needs to organize the 
students. 

2. The students should playa greater role in determining the aca-
demic and administrative policy. On the administrative side, this 
entails the appointment by the AS of responsible and interested stu-
dents to all administrative planning committees. The academic com-
mittees are, for the most part, not open to students. This must and 
will be changed. Among other things, students on these committees 
should lead the way in introducing Afro-American culture and history 
into the University curriculum. The AS members must remain re-
sponsive to the students they represent. 

Continued on page II 

Mi chael Brown Bruce Ritter 

Michael Brown - A.S. PRESIDENT 
My basic philosophy of government rests in the beliefs that the 

power of the government should stay in the hands of the students, 
the function of the A.S. is to take strong stands on the issues of the 
world confronting them, and that the students should hold power 
to determine their own affairs. I support the establishment of a gov-
ernment with the Senate handling the trivial matters and the stu-
dents being able to petition, with a small number of Signatures, 
for a Town Meeting and open vote on more important matters. A 
full program for publicity ot the proposed agenda will be instituted. 
The Associated Students should take stands on the issues of the 
times, such as the Dran, the War in Vietnam, the "Black Power" 
programs, and s hould push for changes in unsatisfactory programs 
or poUcies ot this University. There are many Issues which involve 
the s tudents ' affairs on this campus, and I feel that the students 
should have the power to set guidelines for their operations and 
that the affairs be handled with the greatest possible rule by the 

Continued on page 11 

<lrtroo <t'ics ~--------------------- EJj!ction Extra 

A.S. Senatorial Candidates 
Kathi Hoffer 

UCSD doesn't have any expressive school spirit, 
nor any conntcUng dates for student activities, nor 
do most of the students have much left-over time. 
But. • • potential is one thing which engulfs UCSD. 
I plan to aid the students in deve lopingthat potential. 
Actual plans to induce more interest and enthusiasm 
would stem from a sl1ght change in the student 
government - commissionerships should be assigned 
to each Senator - one for Student Activities, for 
Publicity, for School Spirit, for Elections and any 
other area in which student organization is necessary. 
Social Activities should be important for all univer-
sity students. Books are nice, but so is being 
buman. 

Kathi Hoffer's past experience in student activities 
on campus or in high school includes A.S.B. Com-
missioner of Student Activities, AFS PreSident, 
Jr. Class Vice-president (high school). Presently 
she is on Student Activities A.S. Committee, Triton 
Times advertising, and Theos. 

Dan Waltz 

The first task of the new officers w1l1 be to win 
large scale student support for and individual 
student participation in student government which 
to be effective needs to be more than a social 
planning board. I would work toward creating active 
committees to deal with current topics of student 
interest with the intention of providing an oppor-
tunity for every student who wanted to take a part 
in AS activities to do so. To further publicize 
Senate proceedings, I urge support for regular week-
ly publication of the Triton Times to keep AS 
members well-inCormed. The AS deserves your 
support. 

I was a delegate to the city-wide student council 
meeting in high school and served on the Class 
Council and Cabinet as committee chairman for 
three years. I served as an editor on the school 
newspaper and yearbook publications at Clatremont 
High School in San Diego. 

In the elections tor the ten AS 
otrlces next week, the Triton 
Times reminds all undergrad-
uates of their responsibility to be 
informed of each candidate's 
platform and record. For the !irst 
time in election history, we have 
candidates who are informed ot 
the intricacies of student govern-
ment, but who are interested in 
expanding its programs and its 
base. 

We urge students to attend the 
election meetings next week, 
where all candidates will des-
cribe their plans. Meet with the 
candidates In your suites when 
they visit the dorms, or talk 
with them in the plaza. Only 
an informed voting student body 
can shape its future at the polls; 
if poor candidates are elected , 
the electorate is to blame. 

John Baker 

J~ 
[ support the " town meeting" form of A.S. 

government, the right for students to resolve on 
contemporary issues, expenditures toward com-
munity projects (civil rights , ~cholarships ) and the 
return of student power in student government. 
These measures must be taken at once; hence, 
a united slate of Senators and A.S. officers must 
be elected this year. 

In case of a run -off in the AS 
electlons, the following proced-
ures have been established by the 
AS Senate. 

The two candidates receiving 
I the greatest number of votes 

(that is, ballots cast) will be on 
the ballot tf no one receives a 
majority in the campus-wide of-
fices -- President, Vice-presi-
dent, and Upper- and Lower-
Division Senators. 

In the Revelle Senators-at-
Large race, the top four candi-
dates will be chosen tf no one 
receives a majority. If one or 
more candidates do receive a 
majority, the number in the run-
off will be one plus the number 
of seats to be filled. 

If none ot the rour candidates 
receives a majority of votes cast 
lor the three offices, then all 
Cour are included In the run-off. 
The election must continue until 
each Senator receives a maJority. 
If one candidate receives 500/0 plus 
one, then the top three run for 
the last seat to be filled. 

Muir College wUl face this 
problem Immediately since only 
four candidates are in the contest. 

My overall philosophy is founded on the idea of 
student government by - not only for - the students. 
That is, the Senate, rather than being only a dupe 
ot the administration, should act directly on the 
ideas of the students and not negotiate those ideas 
with the administration. Within this framework I 
will work to establish: politicizing programs for 
freshmen during indoctrination week, included will 
be recommended reading during summer, seminars 
and lectures on topir.s vital to them; an A.S. free 
at UCSD free from total administration control; 
and enact the recent proposals for Black education 
and raclal balance in the student body and faculty. 

Past experience: At UCSD - Independent political 
acitivlty and organizer of April 9th committee; 
High school - positions on boys league cabinet, 
senior class treasurer, oU and on campus politics. 

" Town meeting" with Senate 
Return of power to the students from tbe 

repressive administration 
C) The right of students to decide tor themselves 

without administrative veto 
These are essential tothecontinuationormeaning-

ful student government. 

Editor's note: All candidates shown in the Triton Times 
Election Extra section submitted their platforms to 
the Tim s to ~ nable us to provide you with th" clear-
est possible Impression or each candidate. Those C'ln-
didates who do not appear on the pages ha',e chosen 
not to submit their platforms. 



Election xtra 

A.S. Senatorial Candidates 
Norman Black 

The oYe student 
government is the principle of greater student con-
trol of student affairs. I feel that the question of 
vis itation and hours should be decided by each 
suite as the suite is the basic living unit in the 
dorm's. To eliminate apathy, greater interest in 
student government must be stimulated, and more 
exciting on-campus activities must be sponsored. 
Most importantly, because oUhe shortage of Negroes 
on this campus, black students and professors must 
be recruited, and, scholarships and work-study 
programs must be proVided for these students. 

Member of representative assembly of high school 
student government. Member of various ad-hoc 
committees. 

Steve Greenberg 

CO:llol'mlng with and expanding upon the Muir 
College Philosophy will be a primary concern. 
Being a~gressive on matte rs of primary importance 
to feUo.' students is imperative.Havingbeenamem-
ber of :he Muir College Provisional Government 
has givm me a valuable acquaintance with the 
inner-w"rkings of our systellI . If clc':!ted. I would 
uphold tIle above stated ideals. 

Joo Collins 

The power of the AS Governmentsbouldbe utllized 
to its fullest extent to insure the goals and desires 
of the student body. Student Interest and participation 
must be obtained. 

It is important that an individual college govern-
ment take an active role in the affairs of its mem-
bers. To do this a Muir government must be 
formalized and strengthened. Its leaders should be 
elected in tbe general election by Muir students. 
Such a body, must be given a lump sum by the AS 
government fo fulfill its needs; moaey divied on a 
"per student" basis will not do. 

Also, the formation of an effective publicity com-
mittee, a reevaluation of the role of the coffee 
house, and AS sponsorship and organization of 
community activities, are my goals. 

Tom Peiffer 

that the function of the A.S. Senate 
is to represent the feelings of the student body. 
student participation in student government should 
be as direct as possible, and A.S. affairs should 
be brought to the attention of the students. Senate 
meetings must be better publicized in order for 
s tudent participation. 

Topical issues should also be brought before the 
students , and speakers solicited by the Senate. There 
is a need for student thought and partiCipation in 
these affairs. . . . 

In keeping with direct partiCipation In their 
government, students shouid, I feel, take a hand 
in determining the guidelines along which we are 
educated. 

Past experience: Vice-pres ident of tbe Senior 
c lass (high school). 

Paul Ricks 

Platform: tbat the ASUCSD government beeome a 
strong, unified, representative governing body by 
and for the students of this University. The activities 
of and the opinions attributed to the student body 
must in fact be ot, by, and for the University stu-
dents. I wlli initiate the following and similar 
programs: (1) a Senate committee , meeting weekly, 
for direct consultation with and accurate representa-
tion of the students, (2) to blend commuters into 
tbe University community, (3) Senate action on 
matters of imminent concern to the students, inter-
racial communication and cooperatlon for exampl~. 
The essence then: Constructive, responsible, ima-
ginative representation and leadership. 

J ill Robinson 

With the pending establishment of new college 
governments the AS Senate is faced with the prob-
lem of re-forming itself as a body for intercampus 
coordination. The Senate must be representative. 
Only through increased communications between 
government and the students can the cohesion 
necessary to build an effective organization come 
about. Interest and awareness can be promoted 
through student participation in workshops and open 
forums, newsletters, and regular cooperative ef-
forts on the part of all campus groups, in order 
to create at UCSD a unified sense of community. 
With work the AS Senate can become more than a 
group of social directors. 

Past experience: Inter-Hall Council. 

• J 

I. 

I 0 

- , 

April 19! 1968 page 9 UCSD Loses To Caol 
Western I n Track Meet 

UCSD after a smashing victory 
over Cal Lutheran the week be-
fore.suffered a loss to the Wes-
terners from across town. Al-
though we lost the meet there 
were several tine performances 
and a school record set by Triton 
runners. Tom Wolfe, the team 
iron man, set a new school record 
in the 100 yd. dash with a time 
of 9.9 seconds ecUpsingthe mark 
previously held by captain Dave 
Kuhn set In 1966. Antoher fine 
performance was turned in by 
Warren Kumley in winning the 
2 mile run in a time of 10: 14.8 
after already taking a third in 
the mBe . Wolfe again showed 
his championship form by jump-
ing 23 ft. 11.2 inches in the long 
jump. Tom has already qualified 
tor the National meet in Al-
buqkerque, N.M. with his record 
jump 01 23 ft. 9 in. two weeks ago. 

and discus), Gatlin (intermediate 
hurdl~'>), { I) lman (interm. hurd. 
and 120 highs), Rothman (440 yd. 
dash). Neirengarten (long and 
triple jump). Knowles (high 
lump). and Burdick and Dower 
(pole vault),and Nash(t / 2 & 2 mile) 

Tennis Squad Challenges State 

otber UCSD point scorers 
were: Dimon (javelin, shot, dis-
cus), Moe (jav), Garfolo (shot 

Last Home 
Track Meet 
of Season 

T ..... row Satu,"" 
~ 10:2) G.III. 

Thls Saturday at 10:30 a.m. on 
our track The Triton thinclads 
meat Pasadena College and the 
SaD Diego Track & Field lIB" 
Team. Be there and chher your 
tea.m on to victory. 

Sailor s Chart En du r an ce Race 
To fill the gap in the sail-

ing schedule caused by the post-
ponement of the PCIYRA Cham-
pionships , we of UCSD are spon-
soring the first annual (we hope) 
24 hour intercollegiate endurance 
race -- starting this Saturday 
(April 20) an ending this Sunday 
(April 21). To compliment the 
endurance race we also hope to 
have a 24 hour endurance party 
on the beach. We will have a 
l..eMans start at 12:00 noon on 
Saturday. This should offer an 
excellent opportunity to tune both 
you and your boat for the up-
coming National eliminations. 

We will probably be sailing 
around one of the islands In 
Mission Bay. Two complete 
crews will be needed, one ot 
which will sail for 3 hours then 
rest for three -- the other the 
converse. Points are as tollows: 
2 for each time around the Is-
land, -5 for each racing mem-
ber over 4 in anyone team, 
1 for first crew around the is-
land after any new time per-
iod. Enter as many boats as 
you like. Entry fee is $3 per 
boat. We will launch from San-
ta C lara point - -- it will be to 
your a.dvantage to get there 
early. 

Students Evaluate TA's 
cont ' d from page J 

accessible and both Phil and 
Bill Enoch agree that paper con-
ferences are valuable if only to 
discover what the T.A. wants. 
As Phil said, "there is a lot ot 
personal1zation you have to yield 
to." Peg expressed the wish that 
T.A.s criticize more frequently 
and more specifically. Sam 
Khoury suggested that some time 
be spent at the beginning of each 
quarter relating the periods stud-
ied and giving the general char-
acteristics of the current one. 
This would organize and give con-
tinuity to the sequence and would 

help students to see the books 
they read in relation to the spirit 
of the age. 

When asked what results had 
come from experience with T .A.s 
in the Humanities program, Phil 
commented that he had learned 
to understand open criticism for 
what it is wortb. Peg said she 
had learned how little she knew 
and the others agreed that be-
cause the material covered was 
so extensive, they could undoubt-
edly benefit from repeating tbe 
courses . 

Next week tbe Triton Times 
wUl present reactions to these 
comments fr om several T.A.s. 

GIANT 

Coach Neale Stoner has nothing 
but praise for this year's tennis 
squad. To this point in the season 
they have a 9 and 7 record, and 
have won 5 oftheir last 6 matches. 

On Tuesday ot this week, the 
nelters scored a 9-0 win over 
Cal state Fullerton with terrific 
play. Monday April 22 will see 
the Tritons hosting San Diego 
State in a match that will go 
far in determining the City cham-
pionship among the local col-
leges. So far this year, UCSD 
has split two matches with Cal 
Western and has beaten state. 

Next Thursday, April 25, the 
team will compete in the Ojai 
Valley Tournament. Coach Stoner 
wlll take John Savage, Jim Hoff-
man, Steve Terre, and Jim otvos 
to the tourney. 

When asked about Individuals, 
Coach Stoner said that Savage 
was UCSD's top player, but that 
Jim Hoffman, a junior, and Larry 
Gray, a freshman, were the most 
consistent point makers for the 
squad. Playing 3rd and 4th singles 
poSition, both players will be back 
next year. In fact, Ston~r felt 
that with the large number of 
returnees, UCSD should continue 
to be dominate in tennis tor quite 
a while. Unfortunately, Savage, 
a senior, will not be back, but it 
appears that there are many able 
replacements • 

The Tritons are looking toward 
the NAIA regional tournament to 
be held May 11-12 at University 
of Redlands. UCSD wlU be rep-
resented by Savage in the singles, 

Tr ack Meet 
En trants Sought 
For Saturday 

Next Saturday, April 27, will 
be the opportunity for all aspiring 
(or perspiring) track buffs to 
show their stuff. 

At 10:00 the first event will 
begin, and will include 70 yd. 
high hurdles, a 660 and 440 yd. 
relay, high jump, discus, shot-
put, long jump, and the 100 yd. 
dash. 0 

All you guys who are still 
alive from the nigbt before should 
try your skill at killing your-
selves. Who knows what is in 
store in this, an blympic year? 

All eligible men may enter, and 
this includes teams for the relay 
events. A wards will be presented 
for places. 

ENNEDY 
RALLY 

MEET OUR NEXT PRESIDENT 
Friday, April 19--5 p.m. 

HORTON PLAZA 
IN FRONT OF U.S. GRANT HOTEL 

Everyone Invited 

with a doubles team of Ter re and 
Hoffman. Second s ingles are Gray 
and otvos. 

stoner said he felt that UCSD 

-

should s tand an excelient chance 
of taking the Independent college 
championship, which should be 
quite an event for the school. 

- -.-0 
THE GEmTLEMAN'S SHIRT 

The Purist~. . , 
Choice of the Collegian 

Sero champion the tradit ional look on college 
campu e acro the nation with it full-flared 
Purisl® button-down. Slyl"d exclu ively for the 
collegian .. . Irimly tapereo with a seven-button 
front for a nealer, slimmer appearance. A ho I 
of new spring colourings .and pattern in di -
tinctive tattersal , check , tripings and olid . 
Cia ic shirtman hip at its fine t. 
AVAILABLE AT 

Ascot Shop 
7750 Girard Ave. 

La Jolla, Calif . 



I 
page 10 ApH1 19. 1968 

UCSD's Trident Goes To Press. •• 

ATTENTION PHOTOGRAPHERS! 
THE 1969 TRIDENT WANTS YOU! 

Starting of April 24, the Trident photography department is opening 
15 positions for staff photographers. Selections for staff positions will 
be made on the basis of a competitive evaluation by the Editor of 
Photography and the Assistant Editor. Experience with camera and 
darkroom techniques is -prefered, but we wIll accept one or two prom-
ising novices. 

Photographers on the 1969 Trident staff will find a new set of in-
teresting and exciting new innovations. First of all, there is the 
challenge of helping to create what promoses to be UCSD's first full-
sized annual. To meet the problems posed by expanding the size and 
scope of the yearbook, the photography department is currently engaged 
in planning and constructing a new darkroom facility in Bldg. 250, 
Matthews Campus. In addition to the new lab, a new operating format 
has been created for photography. Under the proposed system, staff 
photographers would work directly with the section editors and their 
staffs. This is designed to allow the individual photographer to more 
fully use his talents in jeveloping a finished product. Also, a pro-
gram of graduated deaaulIt,s and photo staff mobility is being set-up 
to permit the establishment of a minimum weekly work load. DO:l't 
be misled by this into thinking that yearbook photography isn't hard 
work, It Is. But the rewards to be gained from the sat1slaction of 
seeing your work in print make the hours spent on assignment and 
in the lab well worth while. 

Also, the Trident staff photographer is eligible to use the darkroom 
when it is free for his own personal projects. This privilege, however, 
is strictly limited to staff members. There is an incentive program 
which allows the staff member to make extra money from the sale of 
copies of his work. 

If you are interested in learning more about what you can do for the 
UCSD Trident, complete the application form at the bottom of this 
page and turn it into the Student Activities office in the Northwest 
wing of Bldg. 250 M.C. There will be a meeting for all photography 
staff candidates at 8:00 p.m. on Wednesday, May 1. 

1969 TRIDENT STAFF APPLICATION 
Name 

ddress 

Positio1 applyin~ for: 

Photofjraoher 
Experience 

Phone 

Year 

( preference 

yes( ) 

196e Trident Due as 1969's Starts Up 
by Pam Cuff 
This may not be the way to run an annual but the results, yet to 

come, may prove that UCSD's tradition of "no tradition" is advan-
tageous alter all. Innovation was the key word on the 1967-1968 Trident 
staff. In lact, the most significant innovation was a yearbook staff! The 
second annual to appear in UCSD's four-year history, Trident staffers 
worked hard in a unit to provide full coverage of the campus life at 
Revelle and Muir Colleges in order to create a yearbook . Jennifer 
Skaug, experienced editor, led a small inexperienced staff of eIght 
members, followed by Steve Leonard and his group of photographers. 
Together they interviewed flag poles, trekked through UCSD forest, 
and were attacked by an army of decisions and paperwork, which had 
been organized by the publisher. Somehow, the staffers emerged from 
the confusion bearing a sea-green object bearing the letters UCSD 
Trident. 

There will soon be a conspiracy to spread this unusually large 
pamphlet, or rather small encyclopedia, throughout Revelle and Muir, 
from the top of the elevators, to the bottom of the catacombs under 
the Humanities Library, over the bungalows, and around the Physics-
Chemistry building. Nothing will be left untouched. 

Join the Trident generation now! A limited number of Tridents will 
be avallable in May. So place your order now, or place yourself 
now on the 'Trident staff for next year. Placements and yearbook 
orders are being accepted now by Jennifer Skaug in Suite 100, 
Discovery Hall, or the student Activities office, Building 250, Mat-
thews Campus. COME ALIVE! 

And 1969's Is Already Moving 

no( ) 

1969 Trident Staff Announces Openings 

Say, you, are you looking for an exciting and demanding activity for 
your spare time? Well, we have a real good one for those talent.ed and 
dedicated people who want in some way to make a lasting contribution 
to UCSD. The 1969 Trident is now starting up. But if we can't get the 
type of people who are willing and able to do a part, we'll never make it. 

Where do you come in? 
The operation of a yearbook is a highly complex and exciting thing. 

For those who like to see the results of their efforts in print, there are 
a whole variety of different sections to be done. If your interest is 
towards sports the Sports Section needs creative people. Or perhaps 
Organization's 'Section or one of the college's sections is your fancy. 
No matter what section you choose to work on, you wlll have the satis-
factIon of seeing your ideas take shape and finally come out as the 
finished TRIDENT. 

If you are artistically inclined and want to see your efforts in the 
Trident, perhaps the position of Art Editor or a place on the Art Staff 
is what you would want. A job in the Art Department would give you the 
opportunity to see your sketches and drawings in use throughOut the 
entire book. 

For a person interested in the business and financial aspects of 
the publishing business and who would like to earn some extra money, 
several positions in the business and sales organizations are available. 
People involved In the sales of advertisements and the yearbook are 
eligible for commissions based on their sales. If you are the sort of 
person who wants to earn extra cash and at the same time make an 
important contrIbution to the UCSD Trident let us know today! 

Briefly, these are some of the various types of position available 
on the 1!l69 UCSD Trident. If you are Interested In joining us, see 
Editor-In-Chief Jennifer Skaug in Suite 100, DIscovery Hall. THE 
TRIDENT NEEDS YOU! 

Lester Film 
Lacks Force 

PLATFORMS CONTINUED FROM ELECTION EXTRA 
BROWN-

students, with a lessening of outside "intervention." 
-RITTER 

I feel that A.S. government needs revision toward three points-
Richard Lester's -How I Won 1) A.S. government should immediately take necessary measures 

the War- , a blackly comic state- to institute in A.S. a "town-meeting" type government 
ment on the absurdity and hor- (i.e., by a 5% of student petition any matter can be brought forth 
ror of war has some brllliant before the student bodyat large, or by majority vote of Senate); 
moments of ridicule, but as a 2) the function of A.S. also is to involve itself in issues of the day 
whole proves to be quite an un- (funding topic speakers, making resolutions, etc.)! and 3) the ulU-
sUl:cessful fllm. mate and essential goal of placing student gove rnment into the hands 

The picture concerns the re- ot the students and out of the hands of the University administration. 
mIniscences of a young British VERDERY 
officer in World War II who 
recalls smugly his leadership of of view to listen to appeals of decisions from other university judicial 
a misfit platoon into North Af- agencies. 
rica to build a cricket playing 7. Develop a non-credit course for freshman orientation called Gall lA 
field behind enemy lines for the to tell students how to get what they want from the University, such 
eventual delight of his country's as particular classes, money, jObs, etc. 
advancing troops. Michael Craw- 8. Create a legal counselling service for students. 
ford marvelously portrays this 9. Promote student activity in community projects. 
idealistic, inept mission leader 10. Organize a tutorial program to help feshman and sophomores in 
and John Lennon is cast as the Physics, Chemistry and Biology. 
solemn, sardonic Cpl. Gripweed. 

The pace is fast , furious and SHEPARD-CUNNlNGHAM 
often bewildering, as Lester once 
again displays his irreverence 3. Recognizing the University's role as a critical and constructive 
towar1 logic, continuity, or even force in the community, the organizing power of the AS must be used 
of war's sentimental cliches, Its tor the benefit of the outside community. Student participation in 
dense military minds, and its tutorial projects, ghetto clean up programs, and community education 
false glori2s are often savagely efforts (like the April 9th Committee efforts) must be stimUlated. 
on target. Michael Hordern Is 4. Each new college, as it develops, must have w minimum base of 
a veteran olficer who continually operating capital to develop a strong, imaginative, and autonomous 
warns the young tellows to be- government, yet the larger colleges need more money. ThUS, each 
ware ot the ~wlly Patha" and who college should receive $6,000 and $2 per student, if the money Is 
eventually shoots a disabled tank requested by a represp.ntative college government. 
with a pistol as one would 5. In order to make the Coffee Hut a mnre socially attractive meet-
shoot a wOllflded horse. ing spot, we propose a change in the evening format to expresso, hot 

Some of the flJD is far too ri- apple cider, tea, a larger enclosed and heated area, and generally more 
diculous and becomes tedious; of a coffee house atmosphere. 
many of the lines are difficult 6. It is the AS's responsibility to pI Jvide low cost transportation 
to understand under thick ac- on a regular basis into La Jolla. This will be accomplished by a 
cents; and the rapid transitions subsidy to the S.D. Transit Co. or by a joint venture between the 
from the foolish to the ugly and La Jolla merchants and the AS which would supply a private and 
lragic fail to mOV2 us as they possibly unique vehicle. 
'ihouI1. Furthermore, we di3- 7. The AS should continue to support the social activities com-
cover very little abollt war ~llat mittee. and should also establish an Arts and Lectures Committee 
lie didn't already !(now about which would sponsor speakers in conjunction with any interested 
its futility, folly, and irony. student groups. 

Lester employs actual news- 8. Interested graduate students must be encouraged to organize a 
reel footage of Dunkirk tinted group which would voluntarily join the AS, thus injecting additional 
orange or green to match his enthusiasm in the government. 
own tinted footage. Men killed 9. We must encourage the formation of the Revelle Commuter's 
in battle come back to life all Association, and give support to the already existing association at 
green or orange depending on the Muir. 
tint of the scene in which the~ 10. We wlll re-establish the ASUCSD judicial council to guarantee 

Apri 1 19, 1968 page 11 

David E. Smith Relates 
Thoughts 0 n Hippies 

Doctor David E. Smith, direc-
tor of the Halght-Ashbury Medi-
cal Clinic, spoke to a large 
audience on Wednesday, April 
10. His lecture was based on his 
experiences with hippies, drugs 
and the law. 

First, Dr. Smith spoke about 
the pharmacology of marijuana, 
which is used by 99% of the in-
habitants ot the Haight-Ashbury 
District, and of the reasons for 
its use. Pot is used, he said, as 
a substitute for alcohol and is 
Imbibed in a social setting that 
corresponds to the adult cock taU 
party, with many simBar results. 

Secondly, Dr. Smith talked 
about the kinds of people in the 
hippie enclave and their diffe rent 
reasons for being there. There 
are real hippies, Hell's Angels 
types, psychotics who are 
troubled with lite, and the ever 
present teenybopper or week-end 
hippie. Drug abuse Is common 
among the first three and occurs 
occasionally in the last. 

Thirdly, Dr. Smith told of the 
work of the Halght-Ashbury Med-

ical Clinic with drugs and how 
marijuana has become a socio-
logical issue (and not a drug 
issue as is LSD). He no ed the 
great credibility gap in the area 
of drugs, especially psychedel-
Ics. The morality of the mari-
juana laws Is under Question, he 
mentioned, for under the present 
system, pot is placed in the same 
category as heroin and cocaine. 
The work of the cllnic constantly 
enters Into the legal area of drug 
use. 

There are two areas that Dr. 
Smith calls hIghly disturbing to 
himself, both as a doctor and as 
a concerned young man. 

1) The United States with Its 
foreign policy leaving the domes-
tic situation in the sad shape that 
it is in, causing such things as 
drop-outs from society and abus-
ers of the psychedellc drugs. 

2) The hypocrisy under lying 
many of the attitudes of the es-
tablishment. This is causing the 
gap between the two generations, 
which many young people attempt 
to bridge or cross via marijuana. 

MISHLE R-HETRICK 
2) Increas ing personal contact by: A) direct dialogue betw~en 

PreSident, Vice-President and student body through frequent infor-
mal gatherings; B) manditory publications by senators in the Tri-
ton Times. 

3) Enhancing school spi rit through pep rallies and bon-fires in 
hopes of generating a general pride in UCSD, and fina.lly, augmenting 
academics with A.S.B:'-sponsored tutorials. 

Meals Groceries 
Prod.ce 

BEER & WINE 
OpeD Dally 8 - 7 
SURday .. - 8:30 

died. In his satiric barbs, Les- unbiased student review of student discipline cases. 
ter lias forgotten nothing. Even ~~~~~~~::.::.:..:..::=:..::::::.:.:::..:=:.:...--------=========================~ 
the music from • Lawrence of 
Arabia" fills the background as 
the squad moves across the Af-
rican desert. 

It is quite unfortunate that such 
a crucial message about war is 
so completely lacking in force. 
Lester's effort is often very fun-
ny and witty, but as a complete 
work falls far short of Its in-
tended goal. 

TIl uniCORn Theatre 
Tonight through Monday 

ACCIDENT 
England . 196~ 
Joseph Losey 

With Dirk Bogarde and 
Stanley Baker 

Two Oxford profes30rs, 
and their famili es, en· 
tangled in lOVing. 

MATA HARI 
USA·1932 . Lloyd Bacon 

With Greta Garbo and 
Ramon Novarro 

GARBO in jewels and 
bangles; in a plum vel · 
vet cloak and leopard 
hat, GARBO in a blat.k 
hood . 
-------

Saturday Midnight 
Matinee 

THE CURSE OF THE 
CAT PEOPLE 

A child 's dreams. not be· 
lIeved, are all too real 
in the form of the cat 
people. 

Tuesday 
Unicorn Monthly 

Members Showing 
THE FILMS OF 
CHARLES AND 

RAY EAMES 
Beginning Wednesday 

THE FATHER 
THE LAVENDER 

HILL MOB 

"You wouldn 't 
have these hassles with 

bank tellers if your 
checking account was 

at Security Bank." 

"The Duel Interrupted" by M. Stone. Another enduring study from S cunty Bank's "' Famous Painters" series . 
We'd like you to think of Security Bank as being ndunng, too. Start a permanent banking relationship today 

. ..::- .. 

M ke your Imanc,al parln r SECURITY FIRST NATIONAL BANK 
t 



a e 12 __ ...:..A:..t:.p.:....ri:...:.1_1:....,:9:..a. • .....;1~9:.!1!.l68'L--____ ...,.--______ ql1[.uitQn~~<jIJ!i:s~ ~it(}>h ~tv/6htltv/ CAMPUS KIOSK 
Friday, April 19 
12:00 noon 
4:00 p.m. 

Grass Knoll 
HLAUD 

Pep Rally 
Young Republicans sponsor Phillip A. Lu~e, 
"New Left" 

6:00 p.m. 
8:30 p.m. 
9:00 p.m. 

USB 2622 
Sherwood Hall 
Revelle Cafeteria 

APO Movie 
Chamber Symphony of Philadelphia 
APO sponsors dance with Linda and the Cen-
taurs and the Beauty and the Beast contest 

Saturday, April 20 
8:00 a.m. Muir Outing Club sponsors desert ratting at 

the Joshua Tree National Monument 
8:00 p.m. USB 2722 Galathea sponsors "Flight of the Phoenix", 

and "Forbidden Planet" 

Sunday, April 21 
7:30 p.m. South Dining Hall UCSD Duplicate Bridge 

Monday, April 22 

Tuesday, April 23 
6:00 p.m. 
7:30 p.m. 
8:00 p.m. 

Wednesday, April 24 
7:00 p.m. 

UH 6257 

HL 458 
USB 3070 
South Dining Hall 

Circle K 

Theos 
Soaring Club 
U Folk Dancers 

APO 
Democrats Club 7:00 p.m. 

8:00 p.m. 

8:00 p.m. 

506 MC 
HL 462 
USB 2622 

USB 2722 

De mocrats Club sponsors Dr. Russell Doo-
little, "The World Population Explosion" 
Guest-in-Residence program sponsors James 
Kavanaugh 

Thursday, April 25 
5:00 p.m. 
7:30 p.m. 

HL 1166 
HL 458 

AEP 
Society for Human Awareness in the Twentieth 
Century 

8:00 p.m. USB 2722 Democrats Club sponsors State Senator An-
thony Bellenson, "1968 - The Breakup of 
America's Political Icebergs" 

.,. 
cont'd from page 1 

students have been involved in the 
tutorial project. In the past week 
it has been reorganized and re-
vitalized into a committee of 
UCSD undergraduates conce rned 
with concrete action in the face 
ot today's crisis in race re-
lations . 

The Scholars hip program it-
self has actually been in exis -
tence since September, 1965, 
when the first 11 students en-
tered UCSD. A summer program, 
providing a six-week session of 
intensive instruction in college 
preparatory math and English 
language and literature, was add-
ed in 1966. This program lowered 
the attrition rate - thirty students 
remain in the program today. 

Plans for next year are to 
double the program by admitting 
another thirty students. To ac-
complish this a fund raising drive 
has been started. For eve ry 
dollar contributed the Regents 
will add five dollars . The goal 
of Project SOS is to raise $2000, 
enough to provide for 10students 
when the Regents mO:leyisadded. 

Tuesday 
cont'd from page 1 

Diego, and to collect clothing, 
food, bottled water, lumber, and 
other needs for ghetto residents. 
Also planned is a bus trip to Oak-
land on May 6 to participate in 
a gi:l tit ,:).

"
: ' )r Huey ewton 

and observe Black Power in ac-
tion. The effort to educi!.l ,~ .. l ~ 
.)J.:' D:~ J ' ) 0 .• 1 ·,ity is now 
moving into high gear, and the 
UCSD student must realize that 
the first steps must be taken on 
this campus . Each student must 
examine his own conscience and 
understand how he supports and 
condones a racist society by not 
speaking out against its injustice. 
Can you dig it? 

AFTER SEVERAL MONTHS 
of discussions between the Uni-
versity and the San Diego Tran-
sit Corporation, regular city bus 
service to the campus will begin 
Sunday, April 28, 1968. 

This service will be an ex-
tension of La .Jolla bus route 
"R" and will serve SID, Reve lIe, 
and Matthews. Service will be 
provided seven days per week 
from early morning until shortly 
after midnight. It is anticipated 
that during peak periods the buses 
will run at 20 minute intervals 
at 30 minute intervals during th~ 
day, and in the evening at 45 
minute intervals. Beginning and 
termination point downtown will 
be Horton Plaza. Good bus trans-
portation to the Plaza is already 
available from East San Diego 
and other parts of the city. 

Detailed schedules and route 
information will be available for 
distribution approximately April 
22. 

Intercampus Bus Schedule 
leaving Revelle College: 

Route HI to SIO via La Jolia 
Shores Drive -
A.M. 7:35,8:05,8:35,9:05,9:35, 
10:05, 10:35,11:5,11:35 
P.M. 12:05, 12:35, 1:05, 1:35, 
2:05,2:35,3:05,3:35,4:05,4:35, 
5:05 

Route #2 to SIO Via Torrey 
Pines Road-
A.M. 7:50,8:20,8:50,9:20,9:50, 
10:20, 10:50, 11:20, 11:50 
P.M. 12:20, 12:50, 1:20, 1:50, 
2:20, 2:50,3:20, 3:50,4:20 

To Matthews Campus -
A.M. 7:55,8:10,8:25,8:40,8:55, 
9:10,9:259:40,9:55,10:10,10:25, 
10:40, 10:55, 11:10, 11:25, 11:40, 
11:55 
P.M. 12:10, 12:25, 12:40, 12:55, 
1:10, 1:25, 1:40, 1:55, 2:10, 2:25, 
2:40,2:55,8:10,3:25,3:40,3:55, 
4:10, 4:25, 4:40, 4:55, 5:10, 5:25, 
5:55 
leaving Matthews Campus to Re-
velle & S10: 

Route #1 via La Jolla Shores 
Drive -
A.M. 7: 30, 8:00,8: 30, 9:00,9: 30, 
10:00, 10:30, 11:00, 11:30, 12:00 
P.M. 12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 
2:30, 3:00, 3:30, 4:00, 4:30, 5:00, 
5:30 

Route #2 via Torrey Pines 
Road -
A.M. 7:45,8:15,8:45,9:15,9:45, 
10:15, 10:45,11:15,11:45 
P.M. 12:15, 12:45, 1:15, 1:45, 
2:15,2:45, 3!15, 3:45,4:15 

Saturday, 1 - 11 p.m., leaves 
M.C. Central Garage hourly; 
leaves La Jolla Library half-
hourly 

Sunday, 8 - 11 p.m., leaves 
M.C. Central Garage hourly; 
leaves La Jolla Library haJf-
hourly 
Leaving S10 to Revelle & Mat-
thews: 

Route #1 via Torrey Pines 
Road -
A.M. 7:45,8:15,8:45,9:15,945, 
10:15, 10:45, 11:15, 11:45 
P.M. 12:15, 12:45, 1:15, 1:45, 
2:15, 2:45, 3:15, 3:45,4:15,4:45, 
5:15,5:45 

Route H2 via La Jolla Shores 
Drive -
A.M. 8:00, 8:30, 9:00, 9:30, 
10:00, 10:30, 11:00, 11:30, 12:00 
P.M. 12:30, 1:00, 1:30, 2:00, 
2:30, 3:00, 3:30, 4:00, 4:30 

INTER-HALL COUNCIL mM 
SHUFFLE, May 25 ... Computer 
Dance. Look for announcement 
of ticket sales and question-
aires. 

The Social Service Committee 
is now asking students to commit 
themselves to spend 3 hours per 
week in the tutorial project. They 
are also asking for new members 
to part icipate in and plan direct 
action l rojects. Their stated pur-
pose is to help relieve the in-
justiCE of inequality in education-
al oprortunity. Also they feel 
most .vhite students have come 
from sheltered schools where 
they hlV been denietl lilt: mind 

broad~ ning experience of contact 
with p'!ople from our urban ghet-
tos; t ley seek to change these 
condit ons. 

UCSD WILL BE VISITED FRI-
day night by the Philadelphia 
Chamber Symphony. Student tic-
kets are still available at $2 
at the Arts and Lectures Office. 
The high price r~sults from the 
size and excellence of the group, 
and the necessity of holding the 
concert at Sherwood Hall, rather 
than our yet-unfinihsed gym. The 
performance may be recom-
mended to offer a fine evening 
of Mozart, Haydn, and Brahms. 

Classified Save $100 or more 
Students, secretaries, and oUice 
workers wanted at the Coffee Hut. 
Prices with your budget in mind . 
Coed, meet you at the Coffee Hut 
Tuesday evening for the Hoote-
nany. 
Hoom rut rent in La Jolla. $35 
per month - call 459-1066. 
TYPING-EDITING: Call before 
noon. Ask for Vicki, 459-1066. 

I I'OR GermaD .,. Food IT 
HOUIS 11 :30 TO 10 ( (V HOURS 11 :30 TO 10 
~(~ntt3£lbank ~~~~\ ~r\l&~inelanbtr 

Restaurant ~:.. : P C,!tu HOWIe &~u,=-. ':~Hr~ J'i' J,' 1 ... ~~~G~~r.:.-
454-5671 • (' /. . 4S4-'770 

10)7'......,St.. 2112 A .. "We ..... , .. ,. 
. yJ .... .... 

Dew ..... La.... ..... ....... T ... a.. 
........... 

on your next 
Auto Loanl $4 50 per $100 

• per year 

New car or used 

La Jolla Office 
7733 Girard Avenue 

UIA ARE SPON,~ORrNG A 
four-day student trip to Grand 
Canyon and Rainbow Bridge in 
Arizona over the Memorial Day 
holiday week-end as announced 
by Martin McAllister, Chairman 
of the University International 
Association. 

The group plan to travel by 
chartered bus, and the bus fare 
for the round trip is expected 
to be $27. Sleeping bags will be 
needed, as overnight accomoda-
Hons are being arranged in school 
gymnasiums by Virginia Arnold 
in the Office of International 
Education to avoid the expense 
of hotel or motel bills. Under 
this plan, student expense a-
mounts to only $27.00, plus cost 
of food for the four days and on 
past trips some have been able 
to keep this as low as $3.00 per 
day! For further information 
call Virginia Arnold on ext. 1936 
or the Foreign Student Office . 

THE EDUCATION ABROAD 
PROGRAM at the American Uni-
versity in Beirut, Lebanon, still 
has openings for a few men stu-
dents. These should be stu-
dents who will be juniors next 
year and whO have or will have 
a 2.75 grade-point average at 
the end of the quarter. interest-
ed students should call exten-
sion 1936 or come to the Of-
fice of International Education 
in Building 250 on Matthews Cam-
pus. 

YOUR CO-PILOT 
FOR LIFE! 

This chronograph with stainless 
steel waterproof case has been 

~specially d~signed for pilots. It 
IS ~hock resIstant and antimag-
netIc . 
The central chronographic hand 
which indicates seconds and ' 
1/5th of second, is connected 
with two recorders : a minute 
recorder, up to 15 minutes (at 
the 3 o'clock position) and an 
hour recorder, up to 12 hours 
(at the 6 o'clock position). 
The turning bezel with its 12 
divisions indicates the time si· 
multaneously in two or more 
time zones as well as making 
it possi ble to fix a time to re -
member (departure or arrival 
time) . 
This chronograph is all right for 
" Yachting " 

For my Informallon. please send me. free : 

o the calalogue of new Breitling models 
o the address 01 Breitling dealers 

nearesl me. 

Numo 
Address 
City 
State 

Zip 
2/67 

BREITLING 
NY. 


