
The 8ull et an" UCSD 
Trimming the Foliage 

by Rich Heimlich 
Times Staff Writer 

A campus the size of UC Berkeley could be bullt 
on the mesa east of Interstate Five where UCSD 
is to have its athletic facilities, and UCSD would 
be none-the-worse for land. UC Berkeley's 1200 
acres would easily fit south of Scripps Hospital, 
leaving some 1,000 acres for UCSD's ten future 
colleges west of the freeway. Only UC Davis has 
more usable land area than UCSD. 

Eventually UCSD will have twelve colleges, in 
clusters of three or four, and some 28,000 students 
by 1995. Such growth is no more phenomenal than 
the growth of San Diego from a sleepy Navy port 
to a major metropolitan area. 

UCSD had its modest beginnings in the closing 
years of the nineteenth century when Berkeley zoo-
logists selected La Jolla as the site for a marine 
station. This station eventually became the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography and was made part 
of the University of California. in 1912. In the late 
1950's the Scripps Institution, with its distinguished 
though small staff of SCientists, formed the nucleus 
of the general campus then being established. In 
the fall of 1964 the first undergraduates were acc-
epted at Revelle. 

As San Diego grew into many communities, plans 
for their growth were developed. Similiarly, the 
UCSD community is not without its plans for deve-
lopment. But plans can be upset. Plans for future 
expansion and development can be delayed or even 
discarded without adequate money for operatiilg ex-
penses and new construction 

Mr. Don Weir, budget officer for UCSD, and the 
university wide budget staff in Berkeley are presently 
looking into the financial future of various programs 
in next year's operating budget totaling $88 million 
for the University as a whole. At stake are future 
plans for UCSD. 

Here is why. The basic budget proposed by the 
state Director of Finance of $286 million for the 
University of California in the fiscal year 1970-71 
is $88 million less than the $374 million overall 
budget approved by the Regents "as a statement 
of University needs!' 

In response to the State proposal, the Regents 
resolved approval of a $374 million budget as a 
statement of University needs and authorized UC 

~resident Charles Hitch to submit a list of programs 
ill a budget totaling $286 million with a supplemen-
tary list up to a total of $374 million, in order of 
program priority. 

Where do UCSO's programs stand in the "order 
of priority?" How many campus program dollars 
are included in the supplemental request of $88 
million? How many campus program dollars will 

be included in the final governor's budget? An-
swers to these questions are being sought by Mr. 
Weir. 

"No one can really answer these questions now," 
Mr. Weir noted. "In six weeks, after this faU's 
class enrollment is known, a revised estimate for 
next year will be developed. Then our program 
priorities for next year will be reviewed and the 
priorities in the Regent's budget updated." 

Referring to the $286 million basic budget, Mr. 
Weir explained, "this basic budget of $286 million 
represents 2,4% less than our need in operating 
funds only; it does not include building program 
money." 

"This basic budget," Mr. Weir stressed, "is 
a minimum to be increased in order of prioriti~s 
for certain programs. Since we're growing rapidly 
and have a new medical school we may not fare 
too badly. Medicine has popular support as a state 
investment," the budget officer acknowledged. 

However, Mr. Weir cautioned that "research may 
be hurt because of the trend in the last few years 
to try to separate research from instruction and 
cut back the former. Research would be seriously 
affected by a budget that would fall 24% below need." 

Separate, though necessarily dependent on the oper-
ating budget, is the capital improvement budget. 
There is little use for academic buildings when 
operating funds for research and instruction are 
cut. This building budget is financed by three 
primary sources; state bond sale, federal grants, 
or matching money. 

Mr. Anton Witte, long- range development planner 
for the Office of Planning and Analysis, noted that 
"the financial condition of the state in its inability 
to sell bonds affects all projects to be financed 
in this way. This may put capital improvements 
on ice for a year unless federal money come in. 
The large private investors just aren't buying the 
bonds." 

Mr. Witte noted that "this state received more 
federal grants than any of the other 49 states." 
The bond issue will be put to the test in June when 
a health sciences bond measure totaling $246 million 
comes before the voters. Future plans for the UCSD 
Medical School and the adjacent proposed Clinical 
Psychology Building will be affected if the voters 
turn the measure down. 

UCSD, with its vast acreage, may be able to 
ignore a campus the size of UC Berkeley if it oc-
cupied the eastern area of UCSD, but the state can-
not similiarly ignore UCSD. UCSD has grown too 
quickly and strongly to be sliced by a UC budget 
cut. A little trimming of the foliage may be all 
that is involved. But no one in the state can yet 
foretell what w1Il happen in the garden. The proof 
will be in the pruning. 

Vol.8 No.2 

e 
Muir College: 
Looking Ahead 

John Muir College is cur r e n t 1 Y in limited 
use until the campus is completed. Funded and 
moving somewhat behind schedule- due to a plumbers 
strike are the following buildings. (Buildings 2A-
2E correspond to the numerals 1-5 on the plan): 

1. This seven-story mathematics building, 2A, 
was moved into during the summer and houses the 
computer center for the entire university as well 
as the mathematics department for Muir. $4.8 
million in state funds was spent on this portion 
which also includes the Department of Applied Phy-
sics and Informational Sciences. Connected to 2A 
is 2A', funded with $1.8 million in federal grants, 
and housing the Institute for Pure and Applied Phy-
sical Sciences and the Institute for Informational 
Systems. The basement will temporarily house the 
Visual Arts Department. 

2. This six-story biology building is 2B and will 
be ready in March at a cost of 3.8 million. 

3. This is a tWO-building center, 2C and 2C', 
which will also be completed in March. 2C cost 
the state $3.4 million and will house the psychology 
department and the linguistics department. 2C', 
federally funded for $1.4 million will house the 
Institute for Human Information Processing 

4. Ready in the fall of 1970 will be 2D. $2.5 
million in state funds and $700,000 in federal money 
built this structure that will house anthropology, 
sociology, history and literature, plus the provost 
and the provost's staff. 

5. These two buildings are student residence halls 
known collectively as 2E, step 1. The eight-story 
building is already occupied and the eleven-story 
hall should be completed within thirty days. Both 
structures will house 617 students. 

Atop the eleven-story residence hall is the Man-
deville suite, a large guest apartment for visiting 
dignitaries. Named for Ernest W. Mandeville, a 
university donor, the apartment will feature a broad 
vista of the Pacific Ocean and the entire UCSO 
campus. 

5b. 2E, step 2 involves four student apartments. 
still in the prelimiary planning stages, the complex 
calls for 48 four -bedroom apartments with three 
single and one double bed each and 20 three-bed-
room apartments with two single and one double 
bed each. Though less beds per apartment would 
be more desirable, it would be inefficient economi-
cally as detailed in URBS (University Residental 
Building Specifications) which are the basic guide-
lines to be followed. $2.8 million is the expected 
cost of the four apartment houses to be completed 
by the fall of 1971. 

6. This two-story structure is the dining- commons 
building, ready by January of 1970. Featured are 
a post office, 24-hour vending service, recreational 
lounges, a brown-bag lunch room to aid commuters, 
and a multi-use dining area. This dining area will 
be sectioned off into alcoves for small groups and 
as well will have sufficient space for dancing and 
a raised bandstand. 

The Mandeville Foundation donated $63,000 for 
the structure that will Iso contain a fireplace 
and an 'empty lot', a room left emrty so the stu-
dents may do what they want with 1.1e spJce. A 
wooden bell tower is atop the center but WIll have 
no bell until a donor provides one. 

The first cluster center is to built no.theast of 
the central gym. This is the central facility for 
the first cluster of colleges consisting of Revelle, 
Muir and Third. 

Housed there will be the fine arts department. 
This includes two theaters for the departments of 
visual arts and music called the Mandeville Center 
for the Mandeville Foundation's $250,000 donation. 
If money is appropriated in the next fiscal year, 
then construction could be completed as early as 
the spring of 1972. 

East of the Cluster Center is to be an interna-
tional Center to accomodate foreign students and a 
nearby Student Union costing some 2 million 
funded from student fees; to be completed by ~973 . 
I 

e 



SAN DIEGO LA JOLLA 

COTTON SPREADS WITH THE EXQTIC 
PRINTS OF THE ORIENT 
~" INT •• .oLloe, .T"I ~ •• IN A ...oaT 0 ... COL-O". 

SINGLE 3.99 71" ' 00 DOUBLE 4.99 .. " '00 

GIANT PILLOWS 
IN MOO COLORS AND PR INTS 

38" X 30" , 9.88 

SPACE SAVINCI 

TRIANGULAR 

OCCASSIONAL 

TABLE 3,88 
GREAT FOR 

SNACKS, COFFEE, SERVICE, 

FRAME 

111" X 111" 

NON GLUE PHOTO ALBU MS 

THE SEl.F-AOHESIVE PAGES ARE 

PROTECTED BV TRANSPARENT 

ACETATE TH.\T PEELS BACK FOR 

NEAT MOUN,.ING OF PICTURES 

OR PRESSEO FLOWERS 

2.99 BURL"P COVER IN ORANGE . 
Bl.AC . ~, r."P"". OR BLUE 

I .. I~SS 
LA MESA LAGUNA WESTWOOD 

KITCHEN BRIGHT ENAMEL WARE 

PITCHI!:" 2.98 TEA KETTLES 
2.98 AND 3.49 

RF.O. YF.:LLOW. BLUE. AVOCADO. OR ORANGE 

JAPANESE 

TEMPURA 

COOKER 

FOR FRENCH 

FRYING ANYTHING 

,99 

TAIWAN 

TOTE 

4.98 

AIRV, 

COLORFUL 

AND 

IMMENSELV 

CASUAL 

ENAMELED 

COFFEE CUP 

TREE 

MUQS DON'T 
GROW ON TREES, 

BUT HERE'S 

ONE TO HANG 

YOURS 01'1 

.74 
MUSTARD. 

OLIVE, ORANGE 

OR BLACK 

WHITE POF <";.' LAIN 
FIVE PIECE 

PLACE SETTING 1.99 

INFLATABLE 

TRAFFIC SIGNS 

PLASTIC 
PIl.l.OWS 
TO ADO A 
S IG N OF 
OIRECT IOI'I 
TO ANY 
OECOR 

16" 
SQUARE 
,89 

GROW YOUR OWN 

UI'IDER SEA QARDEN 

IN LIVING COL-OR.-

MAGIC ROCKS 

59 CENTS WORTH OF 
BEAUTY ANO EXCITMENT 

COST LESS SAN DIEGO-.vASHINGTON ST. TURN 0 .... HIGHWAY' 
COST LESS LA JqLLA - CORNE " 0 ... IVANHOE 6 ""OS"CT "'-3671 

• HOURS MON. THRU FRI. 10 A.M. TO 'P.M. SAT . AND .UN, 10 A,M. TO , ... M. 
• e COST LESS LA MESA - 11410 CENTER DRIVE OFF JACKSON DRIVI: 4&0-6760 

VeHOURS M.ON. THRU FRI. 10 A.M. TO to P.M. &~T, AND SUN. to A,M . TO ! P.M. 

rythmg under the SUN 
triton times-friday, october 3-oaop 12 

SORRY, NO C.O,D. OR MAIL- ORDERS 
MERCHANOISE SU 8JECT TO STOCI( ON HAND 

- rJ 
T'e 8u" ef alld UCSD 

Trimming the Foliage 
by Rich Heimlich 
Times Staff Writer 

A campus the size of UC Berkeley could be built 
on the mesa east of Interstate Five where UCSD 
is to have its athletic facilities, and UCSD would 
be none-the-worse for land. UC Berkeley's 1,200 
acres would easily fit south of Scripps Hospital, 
leaving some 1,000 acres for UCSD's ten future 
colleges west of the lreeway. Only UC Davis has 
more usable land area than UCSD. 

Eventually UCSD will have twelve colleges, in 
clusters of three or lour, and some 28,000 students 
by 1995. Such growth is no more phenomenal than 
the growth of San Diego from a sleepy Navy port 
to a major metropolitan area. 

UCSD had its modest beginnings in the closing 
years of the nineteenth century when Berkeley zoo-
logists selected La Jolla as the site for a marine 
station. This station eventually became the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography and was made part 
of the University of CaUfornla.. in 1912. In the late 
1950's the Scripps Institution, with its distinguished 
though small staff of scientists, formed the nucleus 
of the general campus then being established. In 
the fall of 1964 the first undergraduates were acc-
epted at Rp.velle. 

As San Diego grew into many communities, plans 
for their growth were developed. Similiarly, the 
UeSD community is not without its plans for deve-
lopment. But plans can be upset. Plans for future 
expansion and development can be delayed or even 
discarded without adequate money for operating ex-
penses and new construction 

Mr. Don Weir, budget officer for UCSO, and the 
university wide budget staff in Berkeley are presently 
looking into the financial future of various programs 
in next year's operating budget totaling $88 million 
for the University as a whole. At stake are future 
plans for UCSD. 

Here is why. The basic budget proposed by the 
state Director of Finance of $286 million for the 
University of CaUfornia in the fiscal year 1970-71 
is $88 million less than the $374 mill10n overall 
budget approved by the Regents "as a statement 
of University needs." 

In response to the State proposal, the Regents 
resolved approval of a $374 million budget as a 
statement of University needs and authorized UC 
President Charles HitCh to submit a Ust of programs 
in a budget totaling $286 million with a supplemen-
tary list up to a total of $374 million, in order of 
program priority. 

Where do UCSO's programs stand in the "order 
of priority?" How many campus program dollars 
are included in the supplemental request of $88 
million? How man, campus program dollars will 

be included in the final governor's budget? An-
swers to these questions are being sought by Mr. 
Weir. 

"No one can really answer these questions now" 
Mr. Weir noted. "In six weeks, after this tali,s 
class enrollment is known, a revised estimate for 
next year will be developed. Then our program 
priorities for next year will be reviewed and the 
priorities in the Regent's budget updated." 

Referring to the $286 million basic budget, Mr. 
Weir explained, "this basic budget of $286 million 
represents ?4% less than our need in operating 
funds only; it does not include building program 
money." 

"This basic budget," Mr. Weir stressed, "is 
a minimum to be increased in order of prioriqes 
for certain programs. Since we're growing rapidly 
and have a new medical school we may not fare 
too badly. Medicine has popular support as a state 
investment," the budget officer acknowledged. 

However , Mr. Weir cautioned that "research may 
be hurt because of the trend in the last few years 
to try to separate research from instruction and 
cut back the former. Research would be seriously 
affected by a budget that would fall 24% below need." 

Separate, though neces sarily dependent on the oper-
ating budget, is the capital improvement budget. 
There is little use lor academic buildings when 
operating funds tor research and instruction are 
cut. This building budget is financed by three 
primary sources; state bond sale, federal grants, 
or matching money. 

Mr. Anton Witte, long-range development plarmer 
for the Office ot Plarming and Analysis, noted that 
"the financial condition of the state in its inability 
to sell bonds affects all projects to be financed 
in this way. This may put capital improvements 
on ice tor a year unless federal money come in. 
The large private investors just aren ' t buying the 
bonds." 

Mr. Witte noted that "this state received more 
lederal grants than any of the other 49 states." 
The bond issue will be put to the test in June when 
a health sciences bond measure totaling $246 million 
comes before the voters. Future plans for the UCSD 
Medical School and the adjacent proposed Clinical 
Psychology Building will be affected it the voters 
turn the measure down . 

UCSD, with its vast acreage, may be able to 
ignore a campus the size 01 UC Berkeley if it oc-
cupied the eastern area of UCSD, but the state can-
not similiarly ignore UCSD. UCSO has grown too 
quickly and strongly to be sliced by a UC budget 
cut. A little trimming of the foliage may be all 
that is involved. But no one in the state can yet 
foretell what will happen in the garden. The proof 
will be in the prunIng. 

Muir College: 
Loolring Ahead 

John Muir College is cur r e n t I y in limited 
use until the campus is completed. Funded and 
moving somewhat behind schedule- due to a plumbers 
strike are the following buildings. (Buildings 2A-
2E correspond to the numerals 1-5 on the plan): 

1. This seven- story mathematics building, 2A, 
was moved into during the summer and houses the 
computer center for the entire university as well 
as the mathematics department for Muir. $4.8 
million in state fund s was spent on this portion 
which also includes the Deplrtment of Applied Phy-
sics and Informational Sciences. Cormected to 2A 
is 2A', funded with $1.8 million in federal grants, 
and housing the Institute for Pure and Applied Phy-
sical Sciences and the Institute for Informational 
Systems. The basement will temporarily house the 
Visual Arts Department. 

2. This six-story biology building is 2B and will 
be ready in March at a cost of $3.8 million. 

3. This is a two-building center, 2C and 2C', 
Which will also be completed in March. 2C cost 
the state $3.4 million and will house the psychology 
department and the linguistics department. 2C', 
federally funded lor $1.4 million will house the 
Institute for Human Information Processing 

4. Ready in the fall of 1970 will be 20. $2.5 
million in state funds and $700,000 in federal money 
built this structure that will house anthropology, 
SOCiology, history and literature, plus the provost 
and the provost's staff. 

5. These two buildings are student residence halls 
known collectively as 2E, step 1. The eight-story 
building is already occupied and the eleven-story 
hall should be completed within thirty days. Both 
structures will house 617 students. 

Atop the eleven- story residence hall is the Man-
deville suite, a large guest apartment for visiting 
dignitar ies. Named for Ernest W. Mandeville, a 
univer sity donor, the apartment will feature a broad 
vista of the Pacific Ocean and the entire UCSD 
campus. 

5b. 2E, step 2 involves four student apartments. 
still in the prelimiary planning stages, the complex 
calls for 48 fQur - bedroom apartments with three 
single and one double bed each and 20 three-bed-
room apartments with two single and one double 
bed each. Though less beds per apartment would 
be more desirable, it would be inefficient economi-
cally as detailed in URBS (University Residenta! 
Building Specifications) which are the basic guide-
lines to be followed . $2.8 million is the expected 
cost of the four apartment houses to be completed 
by the fall of 1971. 

6. This two-story structure is the dining-commons 
building, ready by January of 1970. Featured are 
a post Office, 24-hour vending service, recreational 
lounges, a brown-bag lunch room to aid commuters, 
and a multi-use dining area. This dining area will 
be sectioned off into alcoves for small groups and 
as well will have sufficient space for dancing and 
a raised bandstand. 

The Mandeville Foundation donated $63,000 for 
the structure that will Iso contain a fireplace 
and an 'empty lot ', a room left em~ ty so the stu-
dents may do what they want with t,le sp.ice. A 
wooden bell tower is atop the cente!' but wlll have 
no bell until a donor provides one. 

The first cluster center is to built no.·theast of 
the central gym. This is the central facility for 
the first cluster of colleges conSisting of Revelle, 
Muir and Third. 

Housed there will be the fine arts department. 
This includes two theaters for the departments of 
visual arts and music called the Mandeville Center 
for the Mandeville Foundation's $250,000 donation. 
If money is appropriated in the next fiscal year, 
then construction could be completed as early as 
the spring of 1972. 

East of the Cluster Center is to be an Interna-
tional Center to accomodate foreign students and a 
nearby Student Union costing some $2 million 
funded from student fees; to be completed by 1973. 
I 

.:~. -J 
--- - r ' 

: ::~ 



Media 1 <R!I on \Jae 
\ by Joel '1joodman Res'earch Director 
, The Young Americans for Freedom have announced tbat they 

will file lawsuits against schools that close for the day in sym-
patby with the Octuber 15 MoratorUum on the Vietnam War, 

,according to U.S. News aDd World Report. They will also file 
suits against anyone who forces the schools to close. Breach ' 
of contract would be alleged, on the grounds that students were 
denied educational services for which tlley paid. U they decide 
to do tbis, they had better increase their staff, since more tban 
1,000 colleges are expected to participate in the Moratoriu!I1' 

....... 
Whether the "Chicago Eight" are getting a fair and impartial 

trial is becoming more and more in doubt as the case slowly 
grinds on. The impartiality of Judge Julius Hoffman is being 
widely questioned. The judge jailed two of four defense lawyers 
on a minor technicality; they requested they be removed from 
the case because they sent their request by telegram instead 
of appearing in person. Furthermore, the judge was recently 
heard to mutter (according to Time) : " Now we will hear this 
wild man--Weinglass," referring to the Defense Attorney. 
Thirteen members of the Harvard Law School Faculty have 
asked for an investigation, stating: "Judge Hoffman's conduct 
can only serve to weaken a basic American principle: the right 
of even the most unpopular defendant to adequate legal repre-
sentation before an impartial judge." 

......... 

The Census Bureau recently released figures of black en-
rollment in colleges, which reflect an 85% increase between 
1964 and 1968. However, total college enrollment increased 
46% during the same period, which s omewhat dampens the first 
figure . Blacks in college now represent 6% of the total number 
of students in college, according to the Census Bureau. 

....... 
A County-USC Medical Center study last week revea led that 

marijuana causes fewer hospital admissions than some of the 
most widely-used nonprescription dr ugs, such as Sominex, Sleep-
Eze and Nytol. Of 90,733 consecutive admissions to the med-
ical center, only three admissions were prompted by the recog-
nized effects of marijuana, compared to thousands of admis sions 
and hundreds of deaths due to diseases caused by alcohol and 
tobacco. 

....... 

Ten Army missile men manning Nike-Hercules batteries near 
Miami have been arrested on drug abuse charges , primarily 
with LSD. Knowing that there are men very close to "the but-
ton" on acid trips is not very pleasant. 

...... 
President Nixon recently announced that draft-eligible graduate 

students presently doing s atisfactory work will be safe at least 
until June. In the past, delays of induction were good only until 
the end of the semester. 

......... 

Hershey has declared he now supports the administration plans 
for random selection of inductees. He has repeatedly said in 
the past that a lottery system would not work. Meanwhile, the 
Congress isn't making much headway in draft reform, according 
to the Christian Science Monitor. Sen. John stennis, head of the 
Senate Armed Services Committee, has announced that his group 
did not wish to begin hearings on the draft this year on grounds 
that they would open a Pandora 's box •• Maybe next year, Sen. 
Stennis? Things are bound to be better next year. 

..... "" .... 

There might be a further crackdown OIl d.dmisslons to state 
COllege~ and universities , According to the San Diego Union, 
the chall'man of the state legislature's joint education committee 
said that it is time to re-examine the state 's philosophy that all 
Qualified students in California are entitled to attend a public 
institution of higher education, because of the present economic 
capacity of the state. 

........ 

Olaf Palme, the recently elected chairman of Sweden's Social 
. Democratic Party, is scheduied to become Swedish premier on 
October 14. He leans much more left than the man he is replac-
ing, and this fact is going to for ce a redefining of Sweden's 
traditional neutrality. Palme, according to the Christian Science 
Monitor, feels that the United States has become a reactionary 
force, acting in Vietnam and Latin America in a manner con-
rary to traditional Americanis m. 

........ 

Last week's La Jolla Light featured a "review· of Herbert 
Marcuse' s works and philosophy, which probably said every-
thing La Jolla wants to hear to taionalize Its dislike of the man. 
Irving Kristol, the author, accused Marcuse's philosophy as 
being ·sheer sophis~ry ••• disguised in a complicated jargon 
that makes it seer I to be some kind of transcendental socio-
logy." Marcuse's r ew order will be -a kind of perpetual 'trip' 
without benefit of LSD.· Kristol reveals himself very well in 
the article, speaking of "the tragedy and the farce of socialism.· 
He considers the nature of student radicalism "not really a pro-
test against socio-9'!onomic injustices or the Viet Nam war· 
but a -quasi-religiou:; L!ps1 r:e. ' . . reiecting the bourgeois ord~r 
both because it is bourgeois and because it is an order. 

........ 
The entire Septt,mber Issue of Transaction, a magazine of 

·social science and Dodero society" deals with "The Anti-Amer-
ican Generation." 1he most thorough of the articles Is Micbael 
E. Brown's -The Condemnation and Persecution of Hippies.· 
He makes a quite p:ausible analogy to the European Jews in the 
Nineteenth and early Twentieth Centuries. The mass media, he 
maintains, has tried to Ignore the humanity of hippies by treating 
them almost as a separate race. Brown summarizes his main 
theme at the end of the article: ·The tragedy of America may be 
that it completed the technology of control before it developed com-
passion and tolerance.· other articles are on white gangs, the 
oversupply of the young in the labor markets , the changing status 
or trle ROTC on campuses , and a look at the lives ot draft de-
serters in Sweden and Canada. A copy is available in the Clus-
ter library. _. . ' " , • , " 

• Press s.wice 
Gov'. R.,,, SUpports Operation 'a'ercep' 

by Rich Fitch 

The Nixon Aclministration's 
attack on illicit drugs, Opera-
tion Intercept empbasizes the 
government's increasiDg con-
cern wlth the border tramc in 
drugs. 

The operation's arsenal 
includes German Shepherd dogs 
trained to react to tbe scent 
of marijuana, Navy patrol boats 
in the Gulf of Mexico, Air Force 
pursuit planes, a web of radar 
screens installed by the Fa-
deral Aviation Administration to 
detect illegal border crossings, 
and alrcraft equipped with elec-
tronic sensing devices capable 
oC sniffing poppy fields from the 
sky. 

Massive numbers of customs 
inspectors--the exact number is 
a government secret-ar e posted 
at 27 U.S. airports in the south-
west authorized to receive in-
ternational nights, and at 31 
places along the 2,500 mile Me-
xican border, where all motor 
vehicles and pedestrians are 
now stopped around the clock 
to undergo 2-3 minute searches 
for contraband. 

The cause for this increased 
surveillance--comprising the 
most intensive drug c rackdown 
in U.S. history--is a 55-page 
report released with President 
Nixon's blessings by the Spe-
cial Presidential Task Force 
Relating to Narcotics, Mari-
juana and Dangerous Drugs. 

The report, authored by 22 
government employees under 
the direction of Deputy Attorney 
General Richard Kleindienst, 
makes the following conclusions 
about the effects oC marijuana: 

!. It is psychologically ad-
dicting, tending to lead to the 
use of hard narcotics, because 
once the user has adopted the 
drug as a "crutch to cope with 
life stress," he is "substan-
tially more susceptible to the 

acquisition at a larger crutch 
througb tile medium of a stroD-
ger drug." 

Z. Its widespread use by tile 
young coastitutes a "slpif1caDt 
mental IIealth problem ... since 
persistent use of aa apnt which 
serves to ward off reality dur-
ing tbis crit1eal period of de-
velopment is likely to dect 
adversely tile abUlty of the In-
dividual to cope with the de-
mands of a complex society." 

3. Though medical evidence 
"neither proves nor disproves 
that marijuana is a cause of 
crime, "criminal records es-
crime," criminal records es-
tablish clearly "an accelerating 
rate of association between 
crime and the use of mari-
juana." 

Finding that pot smoking was 
Originally confined to "certain 
jazz misicians, artists and ghet-
to dwellers," the report says 
current evidence suggests that 
over five million people in the 
U.S. have tried grass at least 
once, and perhaps 60% of the 
students at some colleges and 
universities. 

Since "more than 80% of the 
marijuana smoked in the United 
States, about 20% of the .heroin 
used, and an undetermined 
volume of illegal amphe-
tamines" enter the nation illi-
citly from Mexico, the report 
advocated a commission of re-
sources toward restricting the 
drug now from that country as 
the panacea. 

So at 5:30 pm EDT on Sept. 
21, Operation Intercept was 
commenced, accompanied si-
multaneously by a joint 
announcement by Treasury Se-
cretary David Kennedy and At-
torney General John Mitchell 
that the project, termed the 
"grass curtain" by some re-
porters, would continue "for an 
indefinite period." 

A week before, Mltchell'sas 
s1stant Klel.lXi1enst, br1efiDg the 
Washington press in advaoce, 
bad remarked that the crack-

down 'WOuld remain in effect 
until marijuana becomes so 
scarce that the price per Ud 
is driven beyond wbat most, 
especially teenagers, are able 
to afford. 

When that happens, he said, 
young people won 't turn to the 
more available harder drugs 
because, marijuana being non-
addictive, desperation won't en-
sue when they can't get any. 
Rather than switch to psilocy-
bin, mescaline or LSD, they 
will abandon the drug habit. 

The anti-drug drives appear 
to represent but another an-
to represent but another mani-
festation of the hard line Nixon 
has taken on what he refers 
to as the "drugabuseproblem." 

The administration's drug 
bill, proposed by the late Sen. 
Everett Dirksen and currently 
before the Senate Subcommittee 
to Investigate Juvenile Delin-
quency, lumps marijuana, heroin 
and LSD together, keeping the 
same penalty structure for a 
first offense of possessing any 
of the three; a minimum of 
and maximum of 10 years in 
prison. 

Anyone convicted of a first 
offense in selling the drugs will 
face five to 20 years in pri-
son and a $25,000 fine under 
Nixon's bill. Anyone convicted 
of a second selling offense will 
face 10-40 years incarceration 
and a $50,000 fine. There would 
be no opportunity for probation 
or suspension of the sentences. 

In addition, the bill contains 
a "no-knock" provision where-
by police may enter a home 
without identifying themselves. 

e Press SerYice 
Campuses Rearm for Fall 

Colleges and universities a-
cross the country braced for the 
new year accordsng to their 
perceptions of reality. 

Some apparently saw the stu-
dent's nature as being close to 
innately evil. The City Col-
lege of New York, for exam-
ple, stationed armed security 
guards in the building where 
students were registering for 
classes. Temple University 
formed its own 125-mancampus 
police force • 

The University of Wisconsin 
and University of Michigan both 
have developed over the sum-
mer civil defense plans to 
employ in the event of building 
OCcupations or violent demon-
strations. Michigan also fire-
proofed and bomb-proofed files 
containing important docu-
ments. 

The UniversltyofIllinoisseot 
a letter to parents of UDder-
graduates warning: Wben ••• a 
student is found to have know-
ingly engaged in a disruptive or 
coercive action, including know-
ing participation in a disrup-
tive or coercive demonstration, 
the penalty will be dismissal 
or suspended dismissal." other 
schools, including OhiO, Indiana, 
Purdue, and North Carolina have 
released similar conduct state-
ments. 

At the state UniversltyotNew 
York at StonY' BrOGk--HIe scene 

of several mass drug busts dur-
ing the past two years--students 
now face suspension for an ar-
rest on a drug law violation 
and expUlsion for a conviction. 
On many campuses, Including 
stony Brook, students have de-
manded in recent years that 
administrations stay out of the 
policing business, partlcularly 
when drugs are involved. 

In Oblo, Gov. James Rhodes 
said he would send state troop-
ers or National Guardsmen to 
quell campus disturbances, 
whether or not the university 
administrations asked for them. 

Black studies programs bave 
burgeoned across the U.s., par-
alleling an increase in the num-
ber of blacks attending colleges. 
Dartmouth, a school that has 
graduated fewer than 150blacks 
in its 200 year history, has 90 
blacks in a freshman class of 
855. 

At Brown University, letter 
grades have been abolished in 
favor of "satisfactory-nocre-
dit" evaluation. Some courses 
may stm be taken for a grade, 
but participation is voluntary • 
The minimum course load for 
an undergraduate degree bas 
been lowered, and independent 
study programs greatly ex-
panded. 

The University of Pittsburgh 
has reduced from 15 to nine 
the number of credits required 
per term of lower division stu-
dents in university-specified 
disclplines, and has converted 
from a pass-fail grading option 
tor Juniors am seniors only to 
a satisfactory-unsatisfactory 
option for all students. The 
option ls good for one course 
each term. 

At the University ot ColoradO 
students have formed a tenaots 
u.nio.D and are ready to begia 

For staaford's 6,000 re- a rent , strite. Rent strtkes 
turniDc students, new ad- already are underway in the 
ucational reforms meant an end communities surrollDdiag the 
to most graduation require- universities ct MiChigan, WJs-
ments, iDcludingtbose ln foreicn consin, and California at Ber-
languages. ladividual de- teley. 
partments have been asked to Promotion of the October 15 
design options to permit a stu- Moratorium appears to be the 
dent to tate at least one-half major student political activity 
of his work outside the require- of the fall. Leaders of tile na-
ments of his major. The num- tional Vietnam War Moratorium 
ber of freshman seminars con- Committee claim students at 
ducted. b>: S!~Of facu1t1.mem- my ... , than 500 colleges are 

- ~rs.!ia~;bellq 8/IPllOOed so·tbat committed to spending tbat date 
I :: H~~ .t~~s~m~~ .~~. ~ .... ~~n.~~~~~ .~ .. !IR~ 

A Senate by Roger M. Showley Contr ibuting Ed itor 
War, the Pill, Booze, 
Baja Confront Senate 

v.eS,))' tQ V,olce·· .. Preferences 
· ()ri ~ tj:a;y.i$, Reagari;ruition,War 

The AS Senate yesterday added its support to the nation-wide protest 
of the Vietnam war by suggestinl!' that "all students, faculty and staff 
.• ' not carr yon 'business as usual. ' " 
,The "National Moratori~m on Vietnam," planned for Wednesday, is 

aimed at demons trat ing dissent on the war by students, government 
and the genera l public th roughout the nation. 

Significantly, the Senate did not demand that classes be cancelled 
but only that "business as usual" might include the "cancellation of 
c lasses and stoppage of research." by Raoul Contreras Bo~d of Regents because she concluded, Mfor students to put 

Times Staff Reporter is a Communist teaching at out the s mall effort necessary 
'UCSD students, along with UCLA. to show where they stand. The 

UC's other 100,000 students, The results, of the question refer~ndum can have effect only 
w'll es ttieir will on Angela of Miss Davis right to teach if a slzabl~ 3;mount oft he stu~ent 

I ,e~r s , at UCLA will be released in body partlClpates. OtherWISe, Dav~s case, Gov. Reagan s ad- time for the Regents meeting they can say it is just the m~mstration, tuiUon, ~d the scheduled fo -Thu da d opinion of a few radicals.· 
Vietnam war in a specllll re- Frida r rs y an 
ferendLlm on Monday and Tues- y next week. 
d A secondary purpose of the 
V'tin ill tak 1 thro h referendum Is to show how stu-

o g w e pace ug - dents stand on the institution 
out the campus and on all other of tuition at the University. 
UC campuses Monday and Tue~- Gov. Reagan is expected to pro-
d~y. Accordin~ to Up~r DiVl- pose that the historic tuition-

~Ion Se~t?r JIm MagIll, ~hO free policies of UC be changed 
IS organlzrng and supervisrng at a future Regents meeting. 
the referendum, on this campus, Students will also be asked 
students will be voting on both to vote yes or no on whether 
~ays from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. they are -in general agreement 
In ,front of ~he Un~ergraduate with the policies of the Reagan 
Sciences BUilding In R~vell~. administration," and whether 
Four other students Will aid "the policies of the Reagan ad-
Magill in tallying the results ministration ha wo k d to 
Tuesday night. ' s r e 

In l't meetl'ng ye te d Y the ~essen. the quahty of education 
s . s r a , In California." 

AS Senate gave Its, support to President Benjamin empha-
the referendum which grew out sized the importance of total 
of a meeting la.st weekend ,of student involvement in the re-
the UC AS PreSidents CounCil. ferendum. ·We can't allow the 
Attended ~y ~CSD AS President governor and Regents to fall 
Jeff BenJamm, .the conference back on their old workhorse, 
adopted the wording ofthe seven the 'silent majority.' We've 
proposals which will be voted got to show them this is a 
on by UC 's more than 100,000 student feeling." 
graduates and undergraduates. 

As Vice-president Mike Palcic 
relayed to the Senate, a major 
purpose of the referendum is 
to reveal the student body's 
stand on Angela Davis, who is 
under pressure from the UC 

·The harm done to uov. 
Reagan's credibility,· former 
AS president Tom Shepard told 
the Senate, "is extremely im-
portant. • 

"It is imperative,· Benjamin 

UC REFERENDUM 
The seven questions to be 

voted on Monday's and Tues-
day's referendum will appear 
as follows: 

. 1. Do you believe that 
we should end the American 
involvement in the Vietnam 

War now by immediate and 
total troop withdrawals? 

2. Do you believe Angela 
Davis should be fired ? 

3. Are you in general 
agreement with the policies 
of the Reagan administration? 

4. Do you believe that 
the policies of the Reagan ad-
ministration has worked to 
ministration has worked t o 
les sen the quality of education 
in California? 

5. Would the institution 
of a tuition Cor California re-
sidents jeopardize your atten-
dance at the Univers ity of 
California? 

6. Do you suppor t such 
a tuition? 

7. Do you believe that 
the policies of the Reagan 
administration have worked to 
promote violence on the cam-
pus 

Upper Division Senator Jim Magill emphasized that no one was being 
asked to leave c lasses . Rather, the intent of the Senate ' s action was to 
allow the faculty and students to decide for themselves how best to ob-
se r ve the morator ium. 

In another development , George Mu rphy, vice- chancellor and dean of 
s tudents , told the Senate about his eCfor t to secure a center on campus 
where ~ormation ~an be obtained. Planned Parenthood , an organiza-
tion WhlCh serves thIS need in other parts of the San Diego area is in-
teres ted in opening an office at UCSDto se r ve not only the campus but 
also the surrounding community. Murphy described the difficulty of 
of us ing the Student Health Cente r because of funds and staff. 

" Perhaps 400 women and women students would use the center " 
Murphy explained, " and if a gynecologist is hired full time, the co'st 
could run above the $25,000 budget of the Student Health Center." 

An interim solution, he said , would be to invite students to the Stu-
dent Health Center at night to meet with r epresentatives of Planned 
Parenthood. But he questioned whether women would feel uncomfort-
able by having to go the Center in the off- hours of the day. 

The actions of the Senate yesterday also took in a resolution to 
seek a liquor license for the Coffee Hut. A research committee was 
approl'ec. I . .' !/ '. :, ~ the "feasibility of serving liquor on campus." 
The memh?I'ship will consist of six students and must complete their 
work by F tlbruar y 1970. 

Finally, J im Mgill, head of the PrJ!r'~d I Board, announced that the 
concert of Baja Marimba Band, fir st scheduled for last May's Fiesta 
and then postponed till Oct. 18, has been cancelled. The action was taken 
because the AS stood to lose $5000 since Tijuana Brass was to play at 
San Diego International Sports Ar ena the same weekend. 

Academic Senate 
Profs Balk on No Grades 

by Steve landau 
Editor-in-Chief 

last weekend, Prof. Kohnargued 
in favor of the proposal. Stating 
that the Davis case was the 
worst of several crises in the 

The Academic Senate declined University he had been involved 
Tuesday to endorse a resolu- in, he contended that the pro-

N • D I W D W d d tion that would have prohibited posed action, although having af,on rrepares fOr "ar rrotest e nes ay ' f~:d::gi~t~r ~~~f s~~~~~~~ ~~ ~~~I~~aCkS , was the best pos-
by Bob Schw~rtz involve the entire spectrum of of a quorum. Personal support gainst Angela Davis are with- Speakers against the resolu-

Times Staff Reporter American society in a concerted has come from Senators Mc- drawn by the UC Board of Re- tion generally stressed the pos-
. protest against the war. Actual Carthy, McGovern, and Cran- gents . sibly harmiul effect it might 
For several months now all plans were disclosed on June 30, ston, the UAW's Paul Shrade The r esolUtion , submitted by have on students, and the retal-

of the major news medias have 1969, with the opening of the and Walter Ruther of the AFL- Profs . Kohn, Rumsey and Hol- iatory nature of such action. 
been heralding the approach of Vie tna m Moratorium Com- CIO. land, read in part as follows: AS Pr esident JeffBenjamin, a 

, a "Moratorium· ohnU-Vietnam ~ mittee's main office-inWashing- At ucs6 most of the work " The San Diego Division of non voting member oC the Senate 
protest slat~~ [0 take place ton D.C., led and financed for has been done by a morator ium the Academic Senate protests by vir tue of his position, expres-
on Wednesda • For a happening the most part by former mem- committee, composed of faculty the r ecent action by the Re- sed his ambivalence towards the 
so well publicized, however, bers of Sen. McCarthy's '68 members, and plans for ara11y gents which bars P rof. Davis resolution, but suggested that 
remarkably few people are presidential campaign. in Revelle Plaza. (See Box from teaching a duly author ized professor s consider cur tailing 
aware of the true meaning, ori- Congress, too, has beenaf;' IN Revelle Plaza. (See box) ourse tor credit on the UCLA their r esearch activities as a 

- gins, and effectsoftheprogram, fected. Sen. Charles Goodell Chancellor William J.McGill campus. possible cour se of action. 
especially as they apply to (R-NY) and Rep. Allan Lowen- stated at the Triton Times -KSDT Although grades would not be After much discussion the 
UCSD. stein (D-NY) have both deman- Press Conference Monday that forwarded to the registrar, cer- sponsors of the pr oposal con-

As far as can be ascertained, "ded that CQDgr,ess set a defio- he would be willing to offer some tificates would be given out in- sented to Chair man Jackson's 
the idea for a moratorium be'gan ite ' tim'e 'tlmlt by Mlich an us . sort of con~ocat.i.9,n IIIld would dlqa!ing successful completion recommendation that the resol-
with a series of private con- units must be withdrawn. other try to brmg;m important speak- of ~oQrse work. This course of· u.tion be r eferred to the commit-
ferences with Jerome members, whileendorsingth€fl1 er to the campus, but that he action was to be contingent on tees on pr ivilege, tenure, and 
Grossman, a Boston business- proposals will support the mor- does not want to call off classes approval by UC SD students in a academic freedom. 
man and president of the Poll- atorium directly by joining a because of the antagonism this campus-wide election, and by Divisons of the Academic 
tical Action for Peace organ- caucus of Democrats who will would cause with the Regents . the faculty in a mail vote. Senate on other campuses met 

',:ization,' who .. proposed in ·1968 a,t~empt to make C,ongressunable Dr. Gabriel Jackson, chair- The meeting Tuesday was an this week or will be meeting in 
3:,/fgenernl strike,~ ·.to ' h,opeflllly to meel o'n 'lhat aate due to lack man of the UCSD Academic emergency session of the Senate the nea future toconsider sim-

Oct. 15 War Moratorium 
! 
-, Wednesday, Oct. 15th- is na-
tional Vietnam Moratorium Day. 
Anti-war , activities will take 
place in Revelle Plaza from 9:00 
a.m. to 5:00 p.m., with off-
campus gu~ 'Speaker~~ i~~lu­
ding- Fret! :':Crews, Lawrence 
Ferlinghetu, ·and MarCo 'SavIo. 
veso Plll'ticipants will mclude 
Dr .. Frank- Halpern; ·Dr. Herbert 
'Mar~uSe, Drr Paul' Salt man, and 
Dr;: J~rome Skolnick. Tfie Va'r-
iollS metnoGs of protesting the 
war will be organized and dis-
cossed , Ilt ' a meeting of tlle 
Vi e-t n ,,:nr Moratorium Com-
mittee d~ Oct. 9. 

The past month has seen 
a notable upsurge in anti-war 
activity across the nation. The 
events of Oct. 15th will give a 
good indication of bow 'UCSD 
will relate to this activit. The 

speakers WI unCOUbtatHY'raise 
the following' qu~stions, among 
others: ., 

Are there pos'sibillUes for 
a large scale anti-war move-

"ment : on ca:trltnls? 'wIiat ' are 
the possibilities of cooperation 
with other schools and anti-war 
organizations' in' the :Sari Diego 
area? .. Can UCSD students be 
-of ,help-to the anti-war move-
metfs in fM ~ ~~med ' forces? 

-WhAt' ,forms of protest are' ap-
pt"Oprlll.te at this time? 

. All members of the UCSO 
~omfnlBllty wbo feel that they 
have , something to contribute 
to tile dialogue will be heard 
To get on the schedule of 
speakers contact Herb Shore, 
ext. 1849; Dict Popkin, ext. 
mIl or I..antT f.eYfntbill 'eit' 
1171. s ' " ~' 

Senate, indicated that although and had been called ear lier in the ilar proposals. It appears like Iy 
he is personally in favor of the day. Evident1y several mem,ber s that tbese campuses will also 

abstention (and would attend of the Senate Questioned the pr o- turn down proposals to with-
if he were not indisposed on that priety of this move, Cor the re draw grades, but may endorse 
date), the Senate has made no was an immediate attempt to ad- the recent action of the Academ-
opinion whatsoever of the, case. journ the meeting. ' ic Council, which repudiated its 

• 
II G II After Chancellor McGill's 0 - 1950 endorsement ofthe Regents' e,e .. e o .. e e pening remarks concerning the r uling pr ohibiting the hiring of 

emergency Regents' meeting Communists by the Univer sity. 

Go,'f Elecfion Plannedr Petitions Available 
Elections wUl be held in Re-

veUe College this month to re-
place last year's members ot 
the Committee on College Af-
fairs, RCCA announced Monday. 

Any Revelle undergraduate 
student in good standing is el-
igible , for serving on the gen-
eral committee or the execu-
tive committee. 

The election is to take place 
on Tuesday and Wednesday, Oct. 
21 and 22, with the polls open-
ing from 9 am to 4 pm both 
dqs. ',':. '" 

',' J T~ becoJlMt!& ca.D<Udate" Re-

velie s tudents may pick up of-
ficial petitions at the Provost 's 
Office, located in the eucal-
yptus grove near the Coffee 
Hut. The deadline for filing 
is 5 pm Thursday, Oc tober 16. 
A candidate must obtain 25 s ig-
natures from Revelle undergra-
duates before he can qualify. 

RCCA and the executive com-
mittee are outgrowths c; f the 
Revelle Committee on student 
Affairs, which bas governed the 
college since 1967. Last June 
students approved a new set of 
bylaws, under which tbesecom-

ing elections ar e being held, 
Both or gans are advisory to 

the provost on such matter s a s 
academic reforms lDd student 
problems . RCCA is I. ncolUlected 
with the Interhall CounCil, which 
deals solely ',;'m. n ."Iie uv. -
mitories. 

RCCA also include members 
of the Revelle faculty on both 
committees. 

Information concerning cam-
paign rules and regulations is 
available from Tom Hull, dean 
of ReveUe students at extension 
2231. 

:. t~.~,~~. '~~"" '~'7,~~j d~,,:, ~be.r:, . .1 P~~.. 3 



.... "' ... . "' .. .. . ... . . 

fgtritoIl till1.es 
& HltlTttltlALI 
Unity. 

This is ultimately a neces sary although not always sufficient 
conditIon for eUective political or social action. Unity is what 
for ces external to the university seek to destroy and what internal 
for ces often inadvertently prevent. 

Next week students of the Univer s ity of California have an oppor-
tunity to demonstrate unity--the funadmental agreement on certain 
basic issues that exists beneath superficial divis ion. 

In so doing the students have a chance to flog to death the "silent 
major ity" myth which is just that , a myth. 

The reactionary forces seek to disc redit the student movement 
by attributing what they refer to as radicalism (and what we like 
to r efer to as deviation from the current nor ms) to a "hard-
core" group. 

True, a "hard-core" group is often the one to take decisive 
a nd sometimes militant action. But most students can re late to 
the issues raised by these "radicals" in one way or another. 

Next week you have a chance to express your opinion on cer-
tain important and relevant is sues in a manner that can certainly 
offend no one. It is a method that many are now billing as the 
cornerstone of our political process, in light of the "new politics" 
that they find so distressing. 

On Monday and Tuesday it involves merely casting your ballot. 
Among the issues you can vote on are Vietnam, Ronald Reagan, 
Angela Davis, and tuition. Space does not per mit us here to present 
our editorial recommendations on how you should vote, but in 
most cases the decisions s hould not be difficult. 

On Wednesday you can cast your ballot in a slightly different 
manner. Wednesday has been proc laimed "Vietnam Mor ator ium " 
day. This event has not been brewed up by hippies, yippies, or 
SDS, but counts such " respectable" persons as California Senator 
Alan Cranston among its supporters. Many students fee l uncom-
for table with the forms of mass expression that they have been 
exhorted to participate in during past UC SD crises. Therefore, 
we will not presume to recommend what form your involvement 
in the activities of this day may take. We would only ask that you make 
your indignation with the war felt in whatever way you feel is 
appropriate and effective. • 

Silent majority ar ise now or ~re-Jer hold your peace. Nothing 
speaks better than cold statistics. Find a common ground with your 
fe llow students and help de monstrate the unity that is needed. 

EIJITOR- l:'i-CIfIEf' 
Steve l..anrtau 

MANAGI~G EDITOR 
Ray 3\'e rs 

COPY W ITOH 
Haywood Gammon 

ARTS EDITOR 
Bill Alao,lu 

ADVf.RT1Sl~G MANAGER 
O.,e Hellan<J 

NE. WS EDITOR 
Clay l'rvler SQn 

fFATl'RE W ITOR 
Tom Suer 

SPORTS EDITOR 
Bob Gorby 

CONTRlBGT1~G EDITOR 
Roger Showley 

rtriton 
WRITING STAFF 
Pau l Emus 
Jim Magill 
Sue Halloo 
Bob Schwartz 
Rich Heimlich 
Ml ooy Srott 
Raou l Contreras 

& \ 8 Carpente r 

EDLCATION WR ITER 
Tom Shepa.rd 

SC IENCE WRln:R 
Steve St ryker 

ReSEARCH DIR ECTOR 
·Joel Good""'n 

The TRITflN TIM ES Is olliclaJly reC0l11 11ed 000 sURlOrted 
.. a . udent newspaper by the Communk'a tlons Board of 
the Col .. r" ty or Illornia, San Ole"" Bull~ l ", Z50 Mat_ 
thews Campus, La. Jolla, Call1orm> non In taklll( e,lIlor lal 
po. ltlons , tho TRITON TIMES Is oot repre ntlng the vle .. s 
of the Cnlvers ity, tho udenl cover nment, or the s tudent 
bo<ly as a whole. Ofllclal TRITON TI MES editor ia l opinion 
is u pressed only in those colLimns on the editor ia l pap 
<peeillcall y <ltol_ted lor tbose pu rposes, The TRITON 
TIMES publ ishes .... kly on f r idays through December 2, 
1969. Address "II corresponde~ to : Ti TTON TIMES, 
P.O. Box 109 La. Joli. 92037. Pllone 4S3-.aIlOO, )(I Qp . 

tinles 
AD SALESMA N 
Chela Wakefield 
Russ Dicke rson 

PHOTOGRAPliERS 
Russ Cuhel 
Bruce Van Brocklln 

~ P()RT WRIT ERS 
Fred Grunewa kJ 

~rry RaJ ul 
Clar k Hosen 

TECHNICAL CREW 
Chock Gra.l'llm 
BartJara Janeway 
Belh L}llIlS 
Kim Alexande r 

ARTS WRIT ERS 
Da.na RlJtolo 
Larry Jolwoo 
Paul Hlmbur, 

ARTISTS 
J im Dyl.e 
Sc hell •• Worboy. 
Rob Cohen 
Ted VelUquez 

triton times--friday, october TO--p~qe 4 

. Lefters 
fAf libertarians are not liberals 

Re last week's article, "YAF 
Convention Overrun by Anarchist 
Element" (Oct. 3). The article de-
scribes the libertarian-anarchist 
faction as "liberal",". Thiswould 
be correct if the article were as-
suming the original definition of 
"llberal" as a person who upholds 
the greatest degree of freedom 
among men. 

It is obvious, ))"wever, that the 
article was using the modern-day 
meaning of liberal as vaguely 
leftist and democratic. 

Tile destcnation of ' liberal" is 
apparently made because of that 
group's opposition to the draft, 
the war in Vietnam, drug restric- . 
tions, and prohibitive abortion 
laws, not to mention countless 0-
thers. 

That the libertarian-anarchists 
oppose such restrictions and di-
rectives, coupled with the fact 
that that groups is trying to sub-
vert the traditional conservative 
leadership of YAF, is the extent 
of the article's accuracy withre-
spect to the implications about the 
nature of libertarianism. 

To explaln-both right - wing 
traditionalists and modern - dat 
liberals (not to mention the New 
Left) favor government regulation 
of private morality. Such regula-
tion is implicitly based on the 
premise that an individual is not 
competent to handle the affairs 
of his own life. Thus, individuals 
must not be exposed to the evils 
that businessmen would try to 
propagate upon them--such as the 
sale of pornographic literature. 

Since each man, it is pro-
claimed, is his brothers' keeper 
first, and can satisfy his own sel-

United 
Nations 
Petition 

If the United States government 
were to hold a referendum on the 
Vietnam war in which the youth 
of the nation were allowed to vote, 
there is little doubt that the young 
people would vote the war out of 
existence. For both legal and poli-
tical reasons such a referendum 
cannot and will not be held. 

Yet if the youth of our nation 
are resolute there seems to be a 
way for them to hold their own 
referendum using a s ystem that 
has been set up by the government. 
Each time a SS Form 150 is filed, 
it becomes a statistic within the 
selective service system. Should 
a million young people file SS 
Form 150, it would be a mandate 
fr om the youth that the war be 
ended at once. 

The filing of the for m is not 
an act of civil disobediance but is 
a r ight under the SS s ystem. 
Since in all but a few cas es the 
board clerk wUl r outinely deny 
the CO application, the referen-
dum · wllI add little burden to the 
me mbers of the nation's draft 
boards. It will a llow each youth 
to vote soon after his 18th birth-
day. 

Copies of the form could be 
printed in the newspapers to make 
sure that the adminis tration did 
not find itself s hort of supplies 
and funds to print new copies of 
SS Form 150. 

I encourage all of this nation' s 
youth to file a SS Form ISO during 
the month of December. Further, 
I request those that sharf my! con-
cern in this matter to publisize 
this youthful referendum. 

Ralph Eno 
Chairman, Peace 

and Service Comm. 
Wilton, Conn. Mtng 

Religious Society 
of Friends 

fish desires last, our benevolent 
government has decided to pro-
tect us from ourselves and keep 
us. (In jail, maybe?) This so-
called moral ideal upheld by our 
leaders has hardly resulted inthe 
desired humanitarian hopes. 

The libertarian-anarchists are 
firmly opposed to any attempt on 
the part of any government to 
regulate the life of an individual. 
Tile only proper aDd moral func-
tion of a government or protec-
tion agency in a libertarian so-
ciety would be to protect indivi-
duals from force (such as tile 
theft of your car by a criminal), 
from fraud (such as the attempt 
01 a con-man to sell you what he 
calls a healthful drug for women 
wben that product turns out to be 
a drug called thalidomide) and to 
exact justice from the guilty par-
ties. 

The present politico-economic 
arrangement of the United states 
is called, by libertarians, wel-
fare-statism or neo-fascism. It 
is a system where the lives and/ 
or the products of individual ef-
fort (meaning property and mo-
ney) are forcefully taken from 
their owners at the threat of 
imprisonment and/ or fines. 

Both these methods are ulti-
mate ly backed by the point of a 
gun and are employed for pur-
poses that the state deems nec-
essary. 

This extorted money ultimate-
ly filters down to any gang large 
enough to have a lobby in Wash-
ington such as: some giants of 
industry, most of the unions, 
"welfare groups " , the medical 
profes sion, the moon project, the 
Job Corps, etc. (Perhaps it is 
not inaccurate to say that our 
congressmen and other political 

officials are the best money can 
by!) The altruistic premise. that 
the good of society comes first 
"justifies" this confiscation and 
redistribution. 

Libertarian-anarchists oppose 
this and similar politico-econo-
mic systems. To be explicit, li-

bertarian-anarchists are expo-
nents of laissez-faire capitalism. 
A complete or even semi-suffi-
cient exposition and validation of 
tbls position is outside the scope 
of this statement, but I will add, 
to wlat bas already been said 
about the IIlture of libertarian-
Ism, that Ubertarians maintain, 
tbat the SlJA)osed evils of capi-
talism such as coercive mono-
polies and depressiOns (to name 
only two major examples that are 
always brought up) are not caus-
ed by unrestricted free trade, 
but by governmental intervention 
into the economy. 

U you would like to judge the 
evidence for yourself, I recom-
mend the works of phllosopher 
novelist Ayn Rand and economi-
sts Ludwig von Mises, Murray 
,Rothbard, F ,A. Hayak, Henry 
Hazlitt, T.S. Ahton and Martin 
Anderson. You are also invited 
to start a live ly conversation 
with any of your friendly UCSD 
libertarians. 

So as you can see, the de-
signation of the libertarian-anar-
c hists as "liberals" is highly 
erroneous. I realize that your 
article 's support and sympathy 
with the libertarian-anarchistop-
position to YAF was based on an 
error of knowledge and a lack of 
adequate investigation into what 
you were talking about, but thank 
you for the support, anyway. 

Sincerely, 
Robert Resann 

ButWa.----------------
How Abo.' tile Tunafish ? 

----------- Marl W, ••• 
Welcome to the fabulous UCSD, Things are back to normal, 

cai'eteria griping, students tripled up, papers late, aM the rest. 
A few noteworthy changes have occurred: Murphy is now a vice-
Chancellor, Frazier _holds down the provost's office for the third 
college, and Big Ernie (Mort) moved into the top spot for the 
Revelle dorms. 

" Honest Glen " Forsch and " Humble Ben" Rode report a new 
concept on campus this year--decent (FREE) dances to be held 
regularly. There's still a lot in .... the air about curriculum changes, 
but don't worry, language proficiency is still a must. the AS 
LOST MONEY LAST YEAR. Jim Magill's calendar says we'll get 
more for our money this year. 

On the intra-mural scene check out the new assistant director. 
He's a real mean one. Also, word is out that BOI and the Gophers 
are getting lazy and the real team to watch is Phoenix Mutual. 

I now wish to expound upon what I hope will become THE big 
issue at ~chooJ, this rear. For some time there has been a growing 
dissatis faction with the name of our s chool. A Triton for those 
of you who are ignorant is something on the order of a male mer-
maid. 

I think we need something more representative of the UCSD spirit 
and charis ma. I sugges t for your consideration two names: the 
Tunafish or the Woodpeckers. I'm dead ser ious and invite you to 
think of the possibilities. . We ' COUld. have charlie Tuna as our 
mascot; the Triton Times becomes the Tuna Times ' "Go-o-o-o 
Fish. " , 

Eac h college could adopt its own particular fish to be its emblem. 
Picture the Revelle Flounders, the Muir Guppies, the Scripps 
Plankton, or the Med-School Mackerel. The path between Revelle 
and Muir would romantically be " Grunion Run." 

I further believe each year at the Fall Bawl we should select a 
Fis h Queen to reign during the coming year. We immediately 
change renowned Urey Hall to H~libut Hall. The possibilities 
are endless. -

On the other hand, perhaps you prg(er the UCSD wOOdpeckers. 
Then our paper would be - tile Weekly Woodpecker. I'll leave the 
rest of the possibilities for my readers to discover. Af any rate 
if you feel as strongly as I do about this, please respond to this 
column c/ o Triton Times and if we work hard we can change the 
name to something more meaningful for all 01 us. 

Trident '70 

.re lett.rs 
New ·Currieulu. Proposed 

I would like to suggest a 
Vivarian proposal for "The New 
Curriculum:· 

1. It will escbew ~coverage· 
of a field in favor of emphasizing 
its deepest conceptual grounds. 
These may be revealed by phil-
osophical analysis of a field, or 
by special applications of its 
diSCipline to reveal the range and 
interrelationships of it methods. 

2. It will discard the • survey"' 
course in favor oltbe ~problems· 
approach. Survey courses supply 
outmoded answers rather then 
live questions, and tend to otter 
the student a smorgasbord that 
is stale and low in nourishment. 

3. Instead of memorizing some 
predigested and packaged simpli-
fication called Introduction to 
Psychology or Economics or 
World History or City Planning, 
the student learns how a psy-
cholOgist or economist or his-
torian or city planner goes about 
his business. He becomes at 
once aware of the dU1icult but 
fascinating in t e r relations 0 f 
knowledge, 

4. The new curriculum will 
reconceive history and reevaluate 
cultural monuments at a pace 
commensorate with that of the 
changes in our lives. 

5. An attempt will be extant 
to best obsolescence by empha-
sizing whatever kinds of lear~ 
survive change. 

6. Learning w ill not be a 
matter of routine detention and 
indoctrination. The student will 
not be bound by the rigid, waste-
ful equating of credits and class 
·contact · hours, and the lock-
Rtep routine of uniform courses 
and examinations. (Some studies 
need much class time and formal 
lecture periods; others need more 
outside reading and reflection, or 

inde~ndent research.) 

7. Use will be made of a 
whole graduation of intermediate 
teaching arrangements--tutorlal, 
pre ceptorial, seminar, discus-
sion, field study alone or in 
groups. 

8. Many unessential courses 
wUl be eliminated, along with the 
mindlessly routine examining, 
grading, and police work that now 
go with them. 

9. The library will be a mech-
anized lnfo~mation-storage-and­
ret rieval agenc y with instan-
taneous national and international 
resources. 

10. The content and teaching 
methods of the new curriculum 
will powerfully answer the 
students' search for relevance 
and for personal recognition, and 
will counter the professors' flight 
from the mechanical classroom 
routine with opportunities for a 
kind of teaching closely related 
to their activities in research 
and public service. By making 
full use of inquiry learning, the 
teacher becomes a facilitator of 
knowledge on the student con-
sciousness. 

IN SUMMATION: Thestudent's 
mind will be an instrument to 
be used, not a sore house to 
be filled. The Vivarians see 
the new curriculum opening up 
a way for every student to be 
his own historian, meanwhile 
learning to aVoid dealing with a 
fast-changing wo r Id with out-
moded, static concepts. And, 
finally, he will be equipped to 
take part in the elimination of 
surviving myths and errors of 
our time. 

Sincerely, Philip Johnson 

For details write: 
Philip Jolmson 
The Vivarians 
Box 141 
Lemon Grove, Calif. 92045 

COLUMNISTS NEEDED 
a"I, af Tr;fol Times Office 

SflllOlS I 
THE CITY OF LOS ANGELES 

REPRESENT A TlVE ON CAMPUS OCTOBER 21st FOR 

JR. ADMINISTRATIVE ASST. 

$ 715 PER MONTH 

All majors qualify; Business Administration, 
Public Administration, Political Science, Economy desired. 

For further information contact your Placement Office. 

• 
• 

o 

• 
o 0 
o 

-

EDUCATION ••• 

- :., ... 

.... --... ~-... 

"'- ... _e 

t 30 .m .. b_be~ r 

··. playtex· 
. self-adjusting 

. tampons 
",: ~, 

We'll send you the $1.69 size of Play text 
first-dayTM tampons for only 50 •• 

You set more than two months' supply free. 

-~ . 

There's no other tampon like Playtex ta mpon was always 
Playtex. Outside, soft and sil ky, more absorbent. Actually 45% 

inch of you . 

not cardboardy. Inside , so extra more absorbent on the average 
absorbent, it ellen protects on than the lead ing regular 
your firs t day. That's why we tampon because of the unique 
call it the first-day tampon , way it's made . Actua lly adjusts 

In ellery lab test against the to you. Flowers out fluffs out 
old cardboardy kind, the protects every inside ' 
·811. «3 on I". ' Yfr". wom.n ', u,. of ten t.mpons Pif, mon th 

Once you try it , we th ink 
you'll love it. That's why we're 
making you this special "two 
months free" offer. 

So go ahead. Use the coupon 
and get more than two months' 
supply free. 

r-----------------------------, Here'~ SOC f9r my more than two months' supply of Playlex tampons. I 
Send In a plain brown wrapper, please. I 
o Reg ular 0 Super I 

I 
Name _______________ -.~~~-------------------

( pl .. u Pf''' !) 
Address ______________________________________ _ 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I City State Zip I 

Mall coupon 10: Internationa l Playtex Corporation. Dept. WV, 350 , 
Fifth Avenue , New York, N.Y. 10001 . Offer expires December , 

L 31 . 1969. Please allow four wee ks for delivery. I 
-----------------------------~ t Pl. ,1U 1.1 . ". 1f1d'I'n" k of lfIl. tfll hon. ' PI..,. tu CorlD • OOYEr, 0.1. e 1969 '1'1''''''' 110",1 Pt. ,.I •• Cor • . 

. I. '~" ' , • • ~, '. #", .. f: ' , . ',' I , ,. 
trtton times--frfday, october lO--page 5 



Ange'. is 
WODlan' Behind tile furor 

by Tom Baker 
Ti~s Feature Editor 

UCSD students perhaps best recall Angela Davis speaking In 
Revelle Plaza on behalf of Lumumba-Zapata College. Or maybe 
the most vivid image is of her standing on the terrace above 
the Humanities Library, talking with a group of philosophy pre-
fessors. 

Angela Davis received her doctorate here last June. She had 
studied under Herbert Marcuse, specializing in the field of German 
Idealism. She had been a teaching assistant in philosophy. One 
of her students described her as "the sharpest T.A. 1 ever had. 
She always came to class prepared, which I can't say about most 
T. A.'s." 

As a member of the Black students' Council, she had been 
instrumental in formulating the proposals for Lumumba-Zapata 
college. She was a frequent speaker on its behalf, and was active 
in the negotiations with the administration. 

A tall, slender woman who would no doubt have a distinguished 
academic career open to her were it not for politics, she was 
born and raised in the deep South. She spent her childhood in 
Birmingham, Alabama, where she came to know the dangers of 
being black in a white world. 

"From the time I was small, I was acutely aware of the problems 
existing in the society .. one of the first experiences I can remem-
ber is the sound of bombs, II she said. 

At the age ot thirteen, she belonged to an interracial discussion 
group affiliated with a local church. She recalls that "our meetings 
were broken up by cops and the people were threatened." Angela 
Davis grew up in a family which, for blacks, was relatively 
well off. Her father owned a gas station, a parking lot, and a card 
shop, and her mother was a teacher in one of the (black) public 
schools. Miss Davis explained, however, that in the South one's 
financial status is irrelevant if one is black. When Angela was 
a teenager, the Davis family moved to New York. She attended 
high school there, and then went to Brandeis University, where 
she majored in French literature. She spent her junior year 
abroad at the Sorbonne in Paris. 

She graduated from Brandeis with magna cum laude and Phi 
Beta Kappa honors. She began lier graduate studies in German phil-
osophy at the Goethe Institute in Frankfurt, Germany. She was 
encouraged to study there by Herbert Marcuse, one of her teachers 
at Brandeis. Of Marcuse, she said, " he was perhaps, well, 
is the most important influence in my move from literature to 
philosophy." 

Questioned about this shift from literature, she replied, «After 
having stuqied French literature for a certain number of years, 
I felt it had a certain .amount of limitations, but through the dy-
namics of literature Itself I began to move into philosophy" 
She d~scribed lite.~ture and art in general, "when good," ~ 
be~g mherently cntIcal of the society. "Not critical in an overtly 
polltical sense, but by plaCing thjngs in an aesthetic dimension 
one can perhaps develop ways of looking into what can be pos-
sible," she said. 

Speak~g of the problems with the University system, Miss 
Davis said that ·there aren't any ultimate solutions to any pro-
blems caused by the American society. I think first of all we 
have to talk about how we change the University so we can begin 
to change the SOCiety as a whole.' 

~s ~ teacher, she hopes to encourage as much student par-
ticipation as possible. She said she will attempt te provide I an 
atmosphere tor as much criticism and participation on the part 
of the students as possible. She feels that it is up to the young 
generation to "push for the new ideas." Applied to her own field 
of philosophy, she said that "philosophy is not philosophy in the 
real sense if it's not related to concrete problems of the society." 

Although Miss Davis has not found her age (25) any problem 
she does feel that being a woman in a profession dominated by 
men has made things slightly more difficult. 

"For a long time, the role of a woman has been narrow and 
confined to the duties of keeping house and bearing children. 
We should have the duties that are concerned with bettering 
the society as a whole." 

When asked about her plans for the future, Professor Davis 
replied, "For the time being, I'd like to remain a teacher.' 

HANSEN SURFBOARDS 
1107 HIGHWAY 101 

ENC :NIT AS, CALIF. 92024 
END OF SUMMf.R SALE - ALL TOP LINE HANSENS 

$$ 110.00 $$ 

By 

HANSEN 
EXCLumVE NORTH COUNTY 

DEALER FOR OCEAN PACIFIC 
SURFBOARDS 

WRITTEN WARRANTY 
ON MATERIAL AND 

WORKMANSHIP 

trtton t1mes--friday, october lO--page 6 

Angela Davis discusses her firing from UCLA faculty at rally held in Revelle Plaza. 

Credit Withdrawn 'rom Angela Davis 
by Clay Anderson 

"Times News Editor 
As the Board of Regents met 

in executive session last Friday 
afternoon, Angela Davis spoke be-
fore 1500 people in the Revelle 
Plaza. The rally also included 
brief speeches by Prof . . Gabriel 
Jackson, Prof. Richard Popkin, 
and Prof. Herbert Marcuse. 

Miss Davis pointed out that the 
Regents initiated dismissal pro-
ceedings against here solely on 
the basis of her political activi-
ties and in complete disregard 
of her ability to teach. She stated 
that the attempt to dismiss her 
is but one episode in a national 
purge aimed at social critics 
such as Eldridge Cleaver and ' 
Prof. Marcuse. She declared 
that it was time to question the 
real nature ot freedom in this 
country and suggested that only 
people with power have any real 
freedom. 

As the students rallied in the 
plaza, however, the Regents in 
San Francisco decided to with-
hold academic credit from Miss 
Davis's class in "Recurring 
Philosophical Themes in Black 
Literature." The resolution 
stated that "Miss Davis shall 
be assigned to no teaching duties 
and • . • she shall not be au-
thorized to give instruction in 
any course at UC." This re-
solution passed on a 14 to 6 
vote. 

The resolution, far more mod-
erate than was at tirst anticipated, 
drew criticism fro m several 
Regents. Regent Fred Dutton 
criticized the Regents as "a bunch 
of dirty old men" who were con-
centrating on the Da vis case while 
ignoring the real problems of the 
university. 

FREAKS OUT AT 

SYNTHETIC 
TRIPS 

ELECTRO-
p!sYCHEDELIC ART 

BLACK LIGHT SUPPLIES 
POSTERS 

SILK SCREEN SERVICE 

4734 Uninnity An. 
San Diego, Ca. 92105 

282·)4-45 

Regents William Rot hand 
William Coblentz also criticized 
the resolution, with Coblentz 
stating that he was" shocked, dis-
gusted and fearful" over the de-
cision concerning Angeia Davis. 

According to a series of in-
terviews conducted by the Los 
Angeles Times, t he Regents' . 
action appears to have stemmed I 

from three beliefs. The first 
is a strong feeling that Com-
munists should not be allowed 
to teach at the university and 
that the courts will uphold this 
policy. The second is the be-
lief that the public would tol-
erate nothing less than an attempt 
to dismiss Angela Davis. The · 

continued on page 12 

.v •.... 
Wiic6 W." 

The under 30 generation swings. And we like 
to think we do too. That's why we've decided 

to do a 26-week television series about youth. 

"Under 30" premieres Thurrllywith a look at 
what's in store for California's college cam-

puses in the coming year. The average age of 

our staff is 26. If we can't tell the story. 
and tell it straight ... who can? 

\ 

& . ' 

, .. 

. , 

., 

by Paul EMus 
Times Staff Wri ter 

The Educational Opportunity 
Program, a scholarship program 
based on potential, attitude, and 
financial need for black, brown, 
and low-income students, is in 
jeopardy of losing its funds be-
cause of the governor's recent 
budget cuts. 

University administrators 
point out the fact that tbe 
crippling of programs like this 
one is now being achieved by 
legislators who are opposed to 
giving a student an equal op-
portunity to pursue an educa-
tion. 

In an exclusive interview with 
the Triton Times, Kern Carson, . 
Coordinator of EOP, explained 
its present problems and phil-
osophy. "An EOP student, like 
any other student here at UC, 
is fully eligible and capable of 
university work, but never would 
ha ve gotten in unless encour-
aged," he said. 

Even though EOP students are 
involved in academic pursuits and 
try to fulfill some of the needs 
in their respective communities, 
the attrition rate is remarably 
low. "The program bas been 
operating for approximately four 
years, in which time only five 
students have dropped out of the 
current number of 175 stUdents," 
Carson said. "students who come 
to the University on EOP seem 
to have a greater sense of pride, 
a greater sense of wanting to 
complete and finish their four-
year education,· he added. 
THE PROGRAM 

students from American In-
dian, Mexican-American, Negro, 
etc., and low-income mck-
grounds are eligible for the 
Educational Opportunity Program 
with a "B' or better average 
in a high school UC program. 
Some are admitted under a 
state law which allows four per 
cent of the freshman class to 
enter without meeting all uni-
versity requirements. 

Supporting such applications 
would be letters from teachers 
and counselors and a statement 
from the appUcant regarding his 
academic goals. 

In some cases where enter-
ing the University at this 
time would not seem appropri-
ate, the Faculty-student Commit-
tee on Admissions may recom-
mend to the student a program 
of study in a junior college or 
elsewhere, hoping tbat he -may 
qualify for acceptance as soon 
as possible. This program 
operates on the freshman and 
transfer levels. 

Those qual1fy1ag recieve ad-
mission assistance, orientation, 
personal counseling, financial 
aid, academic adviSing, tutorial 
support, hous1n( usistance, and 
general help wttb school and 
personal problems. 

Based strictly on need, EOP 
students recieve fimncial 
assistance made up of special 
grants, government grants, 
National Defense Education Act 
Loans, and summer or part-
time jobs. 

FUNDING 
There are two sources of 

funds for the EOP program: the 
Regents match contributions 
made by faculty, staff, and ad-
ministration on a five-to-one 
basis. 

The federal government has 
programs that also assist in 
EOP. This money is available 
to all UCSD students with por-
tions being earmarked for EOP 
students. 

"The Educational Opportunity 
Grad Program, which is a fed-
eral program, National Defense 
Loans, federally Insured loans, 
and work-study are also made 
available to EOP students," said 
Carson. "So what I'm saying 
here is that a majority of the 
money comes from the federal 
government itself. The state of 
CaWornia contributs very little 
in terms of support to the EOP 
program in the University or 
state colleges. II 

Carson went on to 
say that "there is nowhere 
enough money to meet the need 
of the community itself and we 
are only talking about a small 
portion or fraction of those 
students who are here in rela-
tionship to the community which 
they come from." 

"Now we are approaching a 
year where the governor is 
speaking of cutting the money 
in the UC system. This af-
fects programs like EOP as it 
does the university as a 
whole. When he speaks of cut-
ting the budget he is saying 
that the University is going to 
be operating on a lesser 
amount than when it was in-
itially proposed, that in order 
to do so cuts are going to 
come in many areas and de-
partments. And because it is, 
in fact, a program that is 
aimed and directed primarily at 
minority students, I have a 
strong sense of feeling that we 
will feel a severe cut in our 
program. 

"That is not to say that 
EOP itself has been penciled 
out by the University. It may 
or may not have been penciled 
out by the legislators and the 
governor. The fact is that with 
a cut in the total university 
picture, there is going to be a 
cut somewhere, somehow. Be-
cause EOP is something that is 
viewed outside of the normal 
UC process, then one can logic-
ally assume and anticipate that 
this will be one of the areas 
that we see cut." 
POLITICAL C HARGE 

, 

"One of the real things that 
has our political representatives 
thinking in terms of cutting 
programs like EOP," he said, 
"is trying to draw some cor-
relation between students taking 
advantage of an educational op-
portunity program and the con-
tinuous 'unrest' on campus--that 
correlation being that students 
who are given the opportunity 
to pursue an education at a four-
year institution often become in-
volved in militant activities. 

"I say in response to that, 
that any student, be it an EOP 
student or a student of a par-
ticular universityor institution, 
will become involved mUitantly 
in anything that directly affects 
him or it he does not feel as 
though the services being 
offered by the University are 
not adequate to the situation. 

"I believe that students in 
general are much more aware 
of wbat goes on today and what 
the political situations are, what 
the economical situations are, 
what the contemporary issues 
are, and therefore are reacting 
to them. 
APPLICANTS 

Asked about admission to 
EOP, Carson replied, "Last 
year we had some 500 appli-
cations to UCSD through the 
Educational Opportunity Pro-
gram. We were only able to 
admit some 93 students. 

"In our mes right now we 
have, I'm sure, an excess of 
350 to 400 applicants whom we 
were not able to take at this 
particular time. We try am: 
channel these students into 
other four-year institutions as 
well as the junior colleges. 

"But you can begin to see 
by the number of applicants, 
good applicants that we have 
for admission to the Univ-
ersity, that we are not making 
any large dent into the segment 
of the community who needs the 
service." 

MAJOR FIELD~ 

COSTS FOR EOP 
STUDENTS 

When asked about the average 
cost for the EOP student dur-
ing the academic year, he re-
plied; 

"We teel as though it aver-
ages out at around $1500 for 
him to pursue one year of ed-
ucation here. For a student 
who becomes a junior or 
senior there may be a two or 
three-hundred-dollar difference 
in that he falls in the category 
of $1200-$1300 simply because 
he is able to use resources 
that are available to him either 
In the University or outside the 

In reply to a question about University. He has become 
what UCSD EOP students study, more aware about how to se-
Carson said; cure additional finances to pur-

"Most of our students here sue his education." 
at the University of California I REASON FOR 
are students who are involved 
in the pre-professional programs PROGRAM 
-- going into mediCine, going in- "Services for students on the 
to law, or getting prepared to Educational Opportunity Program 
do graduate work. Three of somewhat exceed those of the 
our students have gone to UC normal students simply because 
San Francisco to the medical of the environmental patterns 
school there. We have a core that he has become accustomed 
of students who are approach- to prior to his entering the Uni-
ing graduation this year who versity so he must again re-

. have expressed a strong desire orient himself, gear himself to-
to go into graduate work, es- wards securing a four-year edu-
pecIally in the fields of bio- cation. 
logy and the liberal arts so "White students who have 
that this information can be been reared in an environment 
taken back to their respective which encouraged education 
communities and to provide ser- , which is always perpetuating the 
vices in their communities that idea of receiving a college de-
are so vitally needed. gree and even advanced degrees 

are prombly motivated in that 
respect. 

" Minority and l·)w- income 
students do not think in terms 
primarily of higher etlucation--
a large majority of them do 
not. They are thinking in terms 
of getting out of high school 
and securing a JOb--a job which 
will probably be phased out 
within the next five to ten 
years. 

"Therefore it takes money 
to adjust, or include in one's 
values, a sense of education. 
SOCIAL STIGMA 

"Many times people try to 
attach a stigma to the term, 
say EOP or to the term NDSL 
or what have you; there are 
stigmas attached at different 
levels. One may be because 
the student cannot afford to 
pay his way through college, 
another may be because the 
student happens to be black or 
or brown; that is a problem 
that the individual himself must 
deal with. 

"[ think that the re is a 
great deal of pride within a 
student who feels as though he 
is getting an education. He is 
becoming politically, socially, 
and economically aware of the 
situation that is around him. He 
is able to attain the education 
that is so essential to making 
this society a better one in 
identifying the racism ... that 
exists in this culture today. 
{continued on page 12} 

The Man-On-Campus Collection 
from 

~-~ 
OF NEW HAVEN / SHIRTMAKERS 

The Bristol pin -or· not ' in either 
french or barrel cuffs. 

~ Shaped for the Man. ~ •• ____ ' A .. iI,bI.;o 0""," 
U..........-- Margate spread. shown 

above, and the Purist® button·down. 
The celebrated Purist® button· down 
with regular tapered body. 

Sera presents a distinctive collection of fall 
and winter dress shirts designed for today's 
MQn-on-Campus. Meticulously tailored in 
no· iron, wrinkle·free Sera· Press of 65% 
DACRON Polyester, 35% Cotton for a 
fresh all·day appearance. 

Available at: THE ASCOT SHOP 

7750 GIRARD AYE. 

LA JOLLA, CALiF. 

· OuPont reslstered Irademark "e..,.. .. 1t1 0, ..... I ~. H ....... ' ''JC 1trt4 

triton UlIM!s--fri day, october 10--page 7 



t!1ton ti:rnes 
"I~HH AltTI 

............. - ........ ---

Visual Arts Programs Gallery 
To Awaie. Campus, Co._unif, 

• ~ 
This work by Kandinsky and other examples of expressionist.art comprise the 
present UCSD Art Gallery show. 

Concert Series Accents 
Youth and Involvement 

Cliburn), and has performed extensively 
throughout the world. 

by Dana Rufol0 
Times Arts Writer 

Since its beginning in the summer of 
1967, the Visual Arts Department at UCSD 
has constantly striven to satisfy the tacit 
need of the university community for -an 
intense exposure to the reality of art.· 

The department's faculty and artists bave 
collected every aspect of their individual 
experiences with a multitude of national 
and international art scenes and have molded 
their knowledge to the environment of San 
Diego in general and UCSD specifically. 
There is virtually no external cultural miHeu 
to speak of, so one of the department's 
aims is to encourage the development of 
art and art awareness in San DieRt>. 

Simultaneously, the Art Department has 
chosen to explore, in many cases, paths 
of contemporary creative artistic expression 
which overtly or subtly bridge the university's 
"Two Cultures-: those of the arts and of 
the sciences 

One of the prinCiple means by which 
the diverse attitudes toward art held within 
the academic community can be united, and 
the cultural awareness of the surrounding 
population can be increased, is through the 
UCSD Art Gallery. It provides the oppor-
tunity, for anyone who Wishes, to go and 
experience art. 

The exhibits at the gallery also serve 
frequently as dynamic representations of 
art's incorporation into its media of recent 
technological advances and their resulting 
implications of contemporary society. 

The Single Showcase 

by Pau 1 Hamburg 
Times Arts Writer 

In starting off the UCSD Concert Season, 
the UCSD Committee for Arts and Lectures 
(CAL) has again attempted to present the ti-
nest members of the musical, artistic and 
theatrical world in a variety of recitals, 
concerts and theatrical productions. 

Tuesday evening's recital will consist of 
works by Schubert and Beethoven, a program 
representing the more classical and tradi- , 
tional repertoire of Ogden. He has also per-
formed and recorded works by rarely heard 
composers such as Nielson and Busoni. 

David Antin, Director of the UCSD Art 
Gallery, sees the gallery as the city's most 
significant showcase for the important things 
opening up on the frontier of art today. 

Although there are two other Art Museums 
located within this -disorganized and in-
vertebrate city," they are both incapaCitated. 
The San Diego Museum of Fine Arts bas 
a fine, although small, collection of paintings, 
but no resources or initiative to function 
as a contemporary institute and put on 
shows. With a new director and assistant-
director at the La Jolla Museum of Art 
there is some hope for its future expansion: 
although the range of its audience was pre-
viously limited. There is no other art 
institution other than the UCSD Art Gallery 
that, with the aid of the Art Department's 
faculty and artists has the necessary tools 
to present a visually valid "synthetic in-
vention of the present.· 

In selecting the concerts for this year, 
CAL has tried to emphasize youth and stu-
dent Involvement. With few exceptions the 
artists on this year's concert season are some 
of the most promising young performers i.rt 
the musical world today. 

In addition, the Committee bas found per-
formers who desire not only to perform, but 
also to become involved with the students on 
campus in a more active and personal way. 

The concert season will open this Tuesday, 
October 14 with a recital by the pianist, John 
Ogden. Ogdon comes with outstanding cre-
dentials having won the Tchaikovsky Piano 
Competition in Moscow (first won by Van 

AS,U.icorn Presel' 
Stu"e.' film Series 

"Genesis II", a two hour program of a-
ward -winning short films will be shown 
Friday and Saturday, October 10 and 11 at 
7 and 9:30 p.m. at the Unicorn Theatre. 

This collection of 16 new films made by 
student and independent filmmakers from a-
cross the country will be presented by the 
ASSOCiated Students of UCSD as an exclusive 
feature in this area. In addition to using some 
wild experimental techniques, the theatre will 
show social documentaries, dramatic screen-
plays, and comedic styles of expression. 

The program as a whole is across-section 
of wbat is happening in moti m picture pro-
duction and In avant-garde til nmaking. 

Among these 16 films ·ale a number of 
film festival prize winners: "Demonstration 
Movie I", .. Pro ject 1", II The Tempest' ·, a.uu 
"Campus Christ". The entue "Genesis 11"' 
program will be featured in tI e San Francisco 
Film Festival in late Octobl'r as a special 
premiere attraction. 

Proceeds from nationwide ~creenings of the 
program will aid participatinl; filmmakers in 
gaining exposure and financing for develop-
ment of new projects. 

Ogden will perform in SherwOOd Hall at 
8:30 p.m., in the first of the Series Inte;na-
tiona Ie Concerts. 

Music and performances of the dance have 
always been extremely popular at UCSD. Last 
year's concert by the Merce Cunningham 
Dance Company was sold out long in advance. 
The prospects are the same for this year's 
performance by the Paul Taylor Dance Com-
pany on Tuesday, Oct. 28. 

In November the recital by violinist James 
OUver Buswell IV is a concert not to be 
missed. Buswell, in addition to giving recitals 
throughout the country, is also enrolled · at 
Harvard. On the weekends he travels across 
the country giving recitals. 

Also in November will be the Dolmetsch-
Schoenfeld Ensembele, presenting a concert 
of both baroque and contemporary chamber 
music. Chamber music concerts at Sherwood 
Hall have rarely been anything less than ex-
cellent, and this recital shOUld be no exception. 

One of the greatest problems of presenting 
concerts at UCSD is the lack of any large re-
cital hall on campus. Until the Fine Artsbuil-
ding is finished, most of the recitais and con-
certs w1l1 have to be held at Sherwood Hall in 
La Jolla. SherWOOd has marvelous acoustics 
and is perfect [or small intimate concerts' 
but its size limits the audience to 500: 

Of the people who do attend the concerts 
only a smally percentage are students. In or: 
der to allow more students to attend the CAL 
events, several of the concerts will be given 
in the gymnasium. This of course will be ab-
horrent to the acoustical purists but it seems 

. , 
more lmportant that a greater portion of the 
university community should be able to attend 
the concerts. 

The first of such concerts will be onSatur-
day, November 22, with a performance by 
Veice!;, Tnr. ., a repertory company of 10 sin-
gers and actors dedicated to the furtherance 
of the black cultural revolution. 

In succeeding quarters, CAL will present 
such artists as Rey de la Torre, guitarist, 
Raymond Lewenthal, pianist and the PrOko-
fieff and Amadaeus string Quartets. 

With over 80,000 students enrolled in fUm 
courses on campuses across the country, 
new developments and techniques are being 
made In film faster than the traditional movie 
industry can keep up. The Genesis program 
presents these exciting new developments to 
the public long before they find their way into 
commercial production. 

In addition to giving recitals, both Lorin 
Hollander, who recently gave a classical pi-
ano recital at Fillmore East in New York, and 
harpsichordist Igor Kipnis will be UCSD 
Guests-in-Residence on campus. 

Ticket information is avallable at the Arts 
and Lectures office in Urey Hall on the Re-
velle campus. General admission for the Og-
den Concert is $3 for stUdents. Season tickets 
are available until Oct. 14. 

Last year, David Antin took over the 
art gallery from Bob Lewallen, who is also 
on the Art Department's faculty staff. Antin 
then began to present the first of numerous 
gallery shows, in October, all of which seem 
to fit his general conviction tbat the gallery 
plays a tactical role in making wbat is 
happening appear meaningful. Hence the 
first show, a classical and late-classical 
graphics display, was fairly tame. It served 

. to begin educating both the ignorant uni-

. versity and community public. 

Anti-Museum Art 
The graphics show was then succeeded 

by faculty-member Jeff Raskin's show Mazes, 
to which 5000 people came. The mazes, 
an elaborate but mobile construction of 3000 
cardboard boxes borrowed from a packing 
company. exemplified where "art is at right 
now.· Its non-permanent structure refiected 
a current trend in art termed "anti-museum 
sensability,· or "anti-preciousness.· 

The Fluxus show, which followed Mazes, 
was an exercise in conceptual art which 
was so popular in New York during the 
early '60's and eventually turned into Pop-Op 
art. 

The incorporated group of Fluxus visual 
artists, sculptors, musicians and dancers 
work with the idea of de-formalizing art. 
Their work is frequently as simple as little 
boxes enclosing directions to turn the light 
in the room off and on, or having someone 
breath helium until his voice is squeaky. 
This philosophical type of art stresses the 
idea that a work shou ld not outlive its 
conceptualization. 

Last year's exhibits concluded with the 
Impure Image Show. Contemporary artists, 
whose strong interest in the representational 
figure took the form of deliberately open 
use and distortions of the photographic pro-
cess, )Vere exhibited. lit .... M!.I'these. 
work • was to get away from psychological 

imagery in art and into the meaning of 
modes of representation such as those used 
in industry advertising. 

The kind of emotional trap that results 
in such medla-Uke image representation 
was clearly obvious in two nude paintings 
by Wesselman. One nude was vigorously 
and pornograpblcallyportrayed and the image-
painting created a false sense of activity 
around it. Tile other painting was also ' 
emotionally sterile, but this time the nude 
was more modestly portrayed and therefore 
generated a faise sense of feeling. 

The New Progression 
David Antin srarted the year off with a ' 

historical show at the gallery again. Tile 
Spiritual Machine, a million-dollar show 

) 
which 6pened on October 1 and is running 
through to November, is equally devoted to 
the Expressionists and the Non-Objective 
ConstrUctionists, and creates the background 
for the last 60 years of art development. , 

Although these two European groups of 
artists approached art from seperate vantage 
POints, their works are commoniy romantic 
in nature and bound by a similar feeling 
of ·"intense emotionality." The image is 
important for both groups. However, while 
Non-Objectivists such as Kandinsky may play 
on the human soul by using intense colors • 
within abstract geometric forms, the Expres-
sionists approached a spiritual level in art 
by taking ordinary objects from nature and 
over-riding them with color to represent 
emotion. 

In the early part of this century, both 
groups met in Bauhaus, an art institute in ~ 
Germany which combined applied and fine 
art. A more recent example of the uni-
fication of these two techniques are those 
of Paul Klee, whose crafty style is fre-
quently aggressive and kindergarten-bold. 

Successive shows at the art-gallery wUl 
include a ·curious" toy show by Jeff Raskin. 
He intends to get the toys from commercial 
dealers and has no plans for choosing them 
on the basis of any particular function or 
style. 

Also forth-eoming is a faculty show and an 
exhibit of the works of two of the formless 
sculptors, Serra and Sonnier. Serra works _ 
in rubber and lead, but he builds his lead 
sculptures so that they are basically un-
stable and eventually crumple. 

Sonnier's radical sculpture ideas involve 
taking color-oriented objects that don't really 
look like objects, like walls with string 
or cloth and a Ughtbulb, and putting them 
all together. 

Once more following the progressive trend 
of last year's exhibits, the programmed con-
cluding art show at the gallery for '69-'70 
would be some sort of received-art show. 
People will be invited to transmit all types 
of messages by phone, telegram, mail-drop 
or some other conceivable means. These 
messages will then be affixed to the gallery 
walls in some appropriate faShion, and will 
remain there no doubt, until taken down 
for the next UCSD Art Gallery exploration 
into the here and now of art. 

~lfexampl.e' of the sculpture of M. Todd, 
a member of the Visual Arts department. 

. , 

r 

Roto BroD, It)' Roy LJcbtenstelll, 011 exhibit at tbe L.J. IIlIilBum 
of Art, ' t!lrOUP November Z. 

Atus.,. Brill(s .odern 
.,slen to -la lolla 

by Bill Alaoglu 
Times Arts Editor 

An exhibition of works by in-
ternationally known American 
artists: who have achieved re-
cognition over the last two de-
cades is now showing at the La 
Jolla Museum of Art. 

The exhibit, "Contemporary 
Masterworks from Private Col-
lections," has been assembled 
from privately-owned works 
that have been shown in Los 
Angeles, but that, have never, 
and might otherwise never have 
been shown in La Jolla. 

The show inc:ludes the "11-
legal Operation," a.major work 
by Edwar d Kienholtz. The as-
semblage of a stool, a lamp, 
a heavy sa~ of plaster, a bat-
tered grocery cart and the usual 
detail pieces is a frank expres-
sion of the ugliness of abortion; 
the piece is a dirty, cramped 
depiction of the ugliness 
depiction of physical and 
pyschological pains. The ac-
companing piece, "Back Seat 
Dodge," will not be shown be-
cause it would not Ut through 
the front door of the gallery. 
These two pieces may be re-
membered as the cause of a 
furor that almost forced 
the closing of the Los Angeles 
County Museum of Art. 

An example of the untiltled, 
ethereal boxes of LarryJohnson 
is dra~atically displayed a-
gainst the picture windows over-
looking t~ ocean. A one-
foot cube of plexiglass whose 
interior has been lightly tinted 
with colors, creates a magical 
enclosed atmosphere rather 
than an image of an object. 

An early Andy Warhol mul-
tiple imag$ work is included 
in the show. A photograph, of 
the electric chair has been silk-
screened i1I black three times 
along the edge of a silver-grey 
field. Warhol later extended 
this technique, covering the en-
tire field with repeated silk-
screened ima&es. WarhoJ then 
moved to motion picture produc-
tion, a natural extension of the 
technique. His early movies, 
in particular .. Empire", which 
showed the Empire State build-
ing for eight hours, consisted 
of little more than cUppingver-
tical columns of repeated pic-
tures, and running them through 
a projector. 

The show includes some nos-
talgic Roy Lichtenstein sculp- . 
tures. Titled "Modern Scu~ 
tures," the two works are 
created within the architectural 
style of the 30's and 40's, a 
combination of curves of brass 
and glass that decorated the 
signs an' corners of maDybull-
ings, inclUding RadjoCftyMustc 
Hall. These works are little 
known, but ODe of Licthensteln's 
early pop paintings, "Rota-
broil," sbould be more famUar 
to many visitors. The painting 
shows a cooking .applJance , in 
reds and blacks upon a "llow 
field. The dots, wblcb later 
became a m.ajor vehicle of Lic-

tbenstein's works, can be seen 
In tbe food holder, foreslladdow 
his development beyond pop 
work. 

A new major work by Ro-
bert Erwin is shown alone in a 
large room. This piece Is si-
milar to others that he has 
done. A large circular field 
is filled with concentric cir-
cles of color. When hung away 
from a properly painted and lit 
wall, the edges of the painting 
disappear, and the color floats 
in front of limitless space. 

There is also a series of Jas-
per Johns lead reliefs, each 
separately depicting some fami-
liar object in the center of a 
large empty field. One is a 
piece of breaded lead, or leaded 
bread, and another is titled 
"High School Days." Thiscon-
sists of a tennis shoe with a 
mirror attached to the toe, a 
childhood device used by boys 
to look up girls skirts. 

"The La Jolla Museum is 
presenting this eXhibition," 
Lawrence Urrutia, the mu-
seum's assistant director, said, 
"to give the San Diego communi-
ty the opportunity of seeing some 
of the work of these contempor-
ary masters--artists who have 
achieved recognition since the 
advent of abstract expression-
ism in the early '50's--in one 
place and at one time. The 
majority ofthe privately-owned, 
major acquisitions in this ex-
hibit would not otherwise be 
seen." 

Concurrent with the Contem-
porary Masterworks exhibition, 
will be the first display of Con-
temporary California Artists, 
works by 26 of the younger, 
talented artists living and work-
ing in the state. It is being 
circulated by the CalifornlaArts 
Commission. 

Both e~hibitions will be open 
to the public except Monday, 

. through November 2 at the La 
Jolla Museum of Art, 700 Pros-
pect Avenue, La Jolla. 

MICHAEL CAINE 
.~o~LcoWARD 

at 8 :40 PM only 

Jack Walter 
Lemmon Matthau 
The Odd Couple 

"Makes 
Hugh 
Hefner's 
Playboy 
Penthouse 
look like 
a nursery 
school!" 
-A BC·TV 

"Catherine 
Spaak is 
Curious 
Green, 
with envy ... 
and decides 
to become a 
one-woman 

Kinsey 
sex survey." 
-Bob Sa/maggi, WINS, Radio 

starring 

'''The 
Libertine' 

is civilized, 
bold and 

equipped with 
characters 
that seem 

normal 
while engaged 

in bizarre 
practices." 

-Archer Winsten, N.Y. Post 

Catherine Spaak and Jean-Louis Trintignant 
PERSONS UNDER 18 CAN NOT U ADMITTED 

ACADE1\CY 
3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284-1000 

UA 

of shimmering 
iridescent beauty." 

fl(V IN HtOMAS L ... TIMES 

Jt'bm the novel '<1£ {jrand c:;ifeaulnes- COLOR 

ana 
[Iura 

.. 

PINE ARTS 1-------------1616 GARNET STREET 274·4000 

Saturday 
Mid night 

STAR CURTAIN (IS ' ) 
BY PETER MAYS 

20.000 frames of pure hallucH 
11atory woman . 

EVERYBODY MUST 
GET STONED DREAM A-ol0 

DAS BALLET (5') 
BY RO F INNE 

Sometimes when you're doing 
a twirl ·and-I ift with a hefty part-
ner you 've got to grab whatever 's 
handy to get her up there . 

JEFFERSON HOTEL (II') 
BY HA YES DU PRE 

Getting together with a small-
time blg,city prostitute who is 
also a lesbian . 

LEDA AND THE SWAN.· SELFOESTRUCTlON·· 
BY KURT KREN 

BREADTH OF 
THE BONES (II') 
BY ,. L AN BARKER 
AND D AV E WILSO N 

The trouble with the way sex 
and violence are handled in the 
movies and on TV IS that they 
make the wrong seem rtght 

BY KENNY SCHNEIDER 
Getting together With an ex' 

con. a rough , hardened character just out after 10 years . 

triton til11es--fridIY. octo~r 10--ptge 9 



t 

New P .E. Staff Mem6ers 
'Rapd M SfWtt4 
An,Open.Letter to SI 

Dear Sir: 
I am writing in regard to your article on the confrontation ot 

coaches with the current situation on college campuses ("The 
Desperate Coach/ Aug. 25, 1969.) 

Since Sports Illustrated is noted for its fine reporting and ac-
curate information, 1 was suprised to see such a blatant confu-
sion of facts concerning the University of California, San Diego. 
Because SI is quoted enough to make it the "Bible" of the sports 
world, I feel it necessary to correct this important error. 

In the second paragraph of the article, you write: · Spurring 
the athletes on are the s tudent activists, who regard the coach as 
a neo-fascistic racist. A student referendum recently killed 
intercollegiate football at the University of California San 
Diego. By a vote of three to one, the stuoent OO<1y decided to 
abolish the one-year-old football program.' 

This "jest ain' t so." You make two very serious errors. 
First, the students at UCSD never voted on the football program. 

The referendum you refer to, held May 12, 1969, concerned ath-
letic scholarships, which previously were not given at UCSD. 
The student body did in fact vote against having athletic scholar-
ships, feeling the money would be better spent elsewhere. 

When the spring meeting 'Of the football team was called only 
a few athletes attended. The others, feeling the need for scholar-
ships, decided not to attend or play this year. Therefore, football 
was cancelled for this year. 

Secondly, and more importantly, you imply that UCSD students 
voted the way they did because they felt the football program was 
racist and fascist. This is very wrong. 

While there ar people at UCSD, and in the University as a whole, 
who are racist and/ or fascist, the P .E. Dept. of UCSD is not in-
cluded, nor are any of the coacher. No cries of racism or fascism 
by any student e:rouo werE' raised during the referendum, and it 
is a slur on the academic community of UCSD to imply that. 

The UCSD P.E. Dept. has , in fact, started on a different. and 
much better, athletic program than most colleges have today. 
By opening intercollegiate sports to anyone who wants to play, 
and by constant expansion of the intramural program to fit the 
needs and desires of students, the P.E. Dept. has done something 
spectacular. They have taken professionalism out of college 
sports, and put fun back in. 

We are very pr oud of the program, and publicity like yours 
doesn't help. True, we may never get to the Rose Bowl, but 
then, who cares? 

Peace. Larry Raful 

The following artic le intro .. 
duces the '69-'70 PE staff and 
explains what the duties of its 
members wlll be. 

Frank Vitale 
Vitale is replacing Bob Lane 

as UCSD's head baseball coach, 
physical education instructor 
and assistant in the Physical 
Education Instructional Pro-
gram. 

Born in Jersey City, New 
Jersey, Vitale graduated from 
Cornell University in 1953 with 
a B.A. in Economics. At Cornell, 
he received the "Pop" Warner 
A ward for most valuable football 
player and in 1951 played in 
the East-West Shrine Game. 
In 1955, Frank received his M.A. 
Degree in Physical Education:1 
from Columbia University. 

Vitale coached freshman and 
varsity football at Columbia for 
four years and was the assistant 
football coach and professor 
in physical education at San 
Diego State College. He also 
taught Physical Education and 
served as Business Manager 
of Athletics and Director at 
Miami-Dade Junior College, 
Miami, Florida. For the past 
two years he served as Chair-
man of the Physical Education 
Department at College of the 
Mainland, Texas City, Texas. 

James R. White 
White is recreation director, 

head fencing and tennis coach 
and physical education instru-
ctor. 

Married, with three children, 
Mr. White received his B.A. 
Degree from Graceland College, 
Lamoni, Iowa, where he par-
ticipated in football, track and 
fenCing. Jim received his Mas-
ter's Degree from the Univ-
ersity of Iowa where he served 

Harriers Run 
Over 

••••••••••••• ' as head fen Cing coach. 

Cal Lutheran 
with 

11·46 Win 

Recreation 
All recreation club represe 

tatives have been asked to co 
tact the Intr amural Office, Ext . 
2282. A Recreation- Intramural 
Handbook is available at the Intra·· 
mural Office. 
TT Spor ts 

All those interested in sports 
reporting for the Triton Times 
please contact Bob Gorby, Times 
Sports Editor, Ext. 101 7. 

Reporting would mai Ily consist 
of attending Triton hllme games 
and submitting artic1( s typed in 
the proper form to the Triton 
Times Office, 250 Me, with pos-
sible chances to cover away 
games bytravellingwi' h theteam. 

WANTED 

/tI!~~ 
FOR LA JOLLA'S 

MOST EXCITING 
RESTUARANT 

SU CASA 

EVENINGS FRI. SAT. SUN. 
459-82977 

f ' "' ,.! ',- t._" 

G'L U d Bo If for the last five years he neap se 0 5 has served at U.C. Riverside 
V'"' in Mission Beach ~' as head track coach with a 28-2 

I record and head fenCing coach Reed's 800'store with a 42-6 record. Whlte has 
participated in the last three 

••• 3ii78. 5. 0iiic.eian. F.r.o.n.t . w. aiilkiilllllll' National Fencing Champion-

~e,~ 
~Jpe't&. 

l'ijU41l4 OBr8ss 
with guest star 

co.e. Sntith 
MONDAY, OCT. 20 8:30 PM 
A Benefit Concert Sponsored by the 
Project Concern , Inc . and Los Ayudantes. Proceeds 
will help build two children's hospitals in TIJuana. 
San Diego International Sports 

All •• 

. . 
• t "l ', fl . • ( , .\t' 1 . 1 

All Seats Reserved 
Prices : $6.50, $6, $5, $4 , $3. 
Tickets on Sale at the Arena 
Ticket Office, all Metro Ticket 
Agencies and 
Highlander Men's Stores. 
For Information call 224-4176. 

• 

ships w~ere lhe placed third 
in the epee team. 

At UCSD he is continuing 
granted research work in re-
lated fields of Physical Ed-
ucation while finishing his Ph. 
D. at USC. 

Lee Johnson , 
Lee Johnson will con4uct the 

Intramural Sports Progr'am at 
UCSD tliis year, replacing Andy 
Side!. 

Johnson guided the Intramural 
Program for three years while 
attending the University om ed-
lands where he received his B.A. 
Del!;ree. He completed his M.A. 
at San Diego state, where he 
served as assistant track coach. 
Athletically, Lee was a three-
year college All-American in 
track and field. 

Ed Musolff 
Ed MusoUl will be freshman 

basketball coach and assistant 
varsity coach. 

Musolff graduated from Full-
erton Junior College and re-
ceived his B.A. in Physical 
Education from Fresno State. 
He Is currently attending the 
U.S. International University in 
San Diego. 

Russell Hatch 
As facilities Director, Russ 

will be in charge of the gym-
nasium and all other recrea-
tion facillties at UCSD. In add-
itlon, he will assist with inter-
collegiate swimming and track. 

After graduating with a B.S. 
Degree from Springfield 
College, Springfield, Mass. in 
1941, he did graduate work in 
education at the University of 
Southern California where he 
participated in football, swimm-
ing, and track. 

Hatch taught physical educa-
tion for thirteen years at the 
high school level, served at 
the Y.M.C.A. in Buffalo as the 
physical education director and 
as the recreation therapist at 
Camarillo State Hospital. 

Chuck Pryatel 
-Chu k Pryatel will be the gym 

ro.?m equipment manager this 
year. Anative of Minnesota and 
retired Naval Officer, Chuck 
spent ~~v9n ye~rS' as equipment 
manager at Monte Vista High 
School in California, ,where he 
also Served)a~. athletic trainer. 

Wrestling 
Preview 
It seems everybody's running 

into Coach Chuck Millenbah. And 
It's no wonder--he's had his head 
in the clouds ever since his Tri-
ton wrestling team compiled an 
8-1-1 record last season. And 
he may never come back down 
to earth--this year's squad is 
promising to be even stronger! 

Six returning lettermen who 
wrestled practically every meet 
start the amazing line-up. Stand-
outs Bob Wilson (10 wins and 
3 losses last year) and Fred 
Grunewald (12-5) should dominate 
their weight classes at 137 and 
167 pounds. Don Gamble (123), 
John Gressard (I30), Bob Nemclk 
(145), Tom Grant (152), and Larry 
Raful (177) are also returning 
from last year's squad. 

As if this roster is not enough 
to put stars in any coach's eyes, 
Millenbah has also recruited a 
San Diego CIF champion at 98 
Ibs., Ed Callugay from Sweet-
water High. Ed is scheduled 
to compete at the 115 weight class. 
Other promising new wrestlers 
are Javier Correa (123)andRobin 
Brown (137). 

A demanding schedule faces the 
Triton squad in the form of 16 
matches and four tournaments. 
The team is counting on formi-
dable opposition from Biola Col-
lege, RiverSide, Cal State Fuller-
ton, Davis, and San Diego State. 

Pre-season workouts start 
October 4 

IlSiESf-RECfillf-slfOp-, 
llIteI# ~O~/:) . OF (, .clAP LIN $ 4.98 list $ 3.291 
1 ~ JANIS JOPLIN $ 5.98 list $ 3.981 

1
.e«I- RHL.'lOCEROS $ 4.98 list $ 2.89, 

~ T AJ MAHAL Double LP $ 5.50 I TAPE S 8 track $ 6.98 list $ 5.98 I 
l _ __ 4 track $ 5.98 list $ 4.98 . ~ 
~~~~~~. Highway..!2L~~~ 

TRANSCENDENTAL 
MEDITATION 

as taught by 1ItaA4'U4i.t 
1Itdu' t~ 

Introductory Lecture by 

Jerry Jarvice 
director of students International 

Meditation Society 

MONDA Y, October 13, 1969 

Montezuma Hall, San Diego 
State College 

; 

, ' 

KIOSK 
T6eol~g;cal 

Theological Encounter, an exploratlon of 
the Christian Experience, Is a weekly !lap-
pening at t1. UD!versity Lutberan student 
Center each Tuesday, 3 p.m. The informal 
group is moderated by . Fr. Ed Donovan 
and Pastor John G. Huber, Roman Catholic 
and Lutheran campus chaplains at UCSD. 

The Center Is located at 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive, at the junction of North Torrey 
Pines Road, OIl the western edge of the 
Revelle College campus. Everyone is wel-
come. 

Questions of faUh, dOubt, the reality and 
relevance of religious experience will be 
discussed within the context of actual con-
cerns raised by students. Both traditional 
and contemporary Christian thought will be 
compared in the light of current ecumenical 
breakthroughs. However the personal, rather 
than the doctrinal issues, will be the focus. 
The chaplains, their libraries and other guest 
discussion leaders will serve as resources 
for the group. 

For further information, telephone the 
Office of Religious Affairs, 453-2000, Ext. 
1943, or University Lutheran student Center, 
453-0561. 

Grad Record fxam 
BERKELEY, CA. - Educational Testing 

Service announced today that undergraduates 
and others preparing to go to graduate school 
may take the Graduate Record Examination 
on any of six different test dates during 
the current academic year. 

The fir:;t testing date for the GRE is 
October 25, 1969. Scores from this ad-
ministration will be reported to the graduate 
schools before December 1. students planing 

. to register for the October test date are 
advised that applications received by ETS 
after October 7 will incur a $3 late regis-
tration fee. After October 10 there is 
no guarantee that applications for the October 
test date can be processed. 

The other five test dates are December 
13, 1969; January 17, February 28, April 
25 and July 11, 1970. Equivalent late fee 
and registration deadlines apply to these 
dates. Choice of test dates should be de-
termined by the requirements of graduate 
scbools or fellowships'to which one is ap-
plying. Scores are us_Uy reported to 
graduate scbools flve weeks after a test 
date. 

Tbe Graduate Record Examinations include 
an Aptitude Test of general sclxllastlc ability 
and Advanced Tests measuring achievement 
in 21 major fields of study. Full details 
and registration forms for the GRE are con-
tained in the 1969-70 BULLETIN OF INFOR-
MA TION FOR CANDIDATES. 

The BULLETIN also contains forms and 
instructions for requesting transcript service 
on GRE scores already on file with ETS. 
This booklet may be available on your campus 
or may be ordered from: Educational Testing 
Service, Box 1502, Berkeley. 

Arts ~ Workshop 
Every Saturday after 1 p.m., the lower 

lounge of Revelle's Discov~ry Hall will have 
a creative arts workshop. 

Anyone may participate in an organized 
painting or construction project, a diet clinic 
informal mime and exercise classes. ' 

Any manner of creative expression is al-
lowed. If you halle an idea you would like 
to develop or talk about, whether artistic 
political or academic, you can come to Dis: 
co very Hall to try it out. 

As with every spontaneous project, there 
is no readily accessible source of materials 
for use in the workshop. Present resources 
consist of only what the girls in Discovery 
volunteer. Donations of some old paints ma-
gazines, bit.s of material, little box:s, or 
whatever, wlll help. 

For more information, call or contact Dana 
Rufolo in room 305, Discovery Hall. 

AHI EX'am 
The American Historyand Institutions exam 

will be given on Nov. 8, at 1 p.m. in the 
HL Auditorium. Students wishing to take 
the exam must sign up by Nov. 5 in the 
Admissions or Registrars office, or in the 
Muir or Revelle Provost's office. 

CI ,e" •• OUe(. eo. 

Rugby Club 
The Triton Rugby Club hosts another rugby 

clinic scrimmage this Saturday at 1 p.m. 
at the gym. All previous and prospective 
players are welcome to attend, no experience 
necessary. 

The club will field two complete teams 
this year ensuring that all interested will 
have a chance to get in some action. 

A suitable social event will follow the 
scrimmage on Saturday--ladies welcome. 

Representatives 
Atlantic Richfield Company will provide 

career information to candidates for the 
Master's and Ph. D. Degrees in electrical, 
petroleum, chemical and mechanical engi-
neering, geophysiCS, and physics , on Oct. 
13. Opportunities are also available to U.S. 
citizens and nationals in United Kingdom, 
Libra, Iran, Australia, Venezuela, Brazil. 
They will discuss possibility of summer 
jobs with juniors, seniors, and graduate 
students in those disciplines. 

Ampex Corporation will be on campus 
Oct. 13 to describe career opportunities 
available to students in applied physics and 
information science, chemistry, math and 
physics. 

Vista representatives will be located in 
the Assoclated Student's Office, Blake Hall, 
Revelle College Oct. 13-16. 

Welcome Party 
The Chinese Student Association will hold 

Us Welcome Party on Oct. 18 in the North 
Dining Room, Revelle College at 7:30 p.m. 
Membership fee for the coming year will 
be coHected at the door. 

Membership fee is $2 per person per year 
and it includes the Membership Directory: 
Guests are welcome. 

for Sale 
FOR SALE: Sony TC 100 Tape Casette. 

Recorder includes case, microphone; either 
battery or electric. Great for taping lang-
uage classes or lectures. $90. Call Barbara 
453-1868 

~1II8)W 
speakS your language BLOW YOURSELF UP 

, 

·1 

i \/ .' }\) 
" .: \ 

. ' . 

. , , 

The importance of 
100 ling obsolutely 
smash ing should never 
be underest imated. 
But it's no problem 
when your wearing 
the longest coat. 
Because John Meyer 
went ta great lengths 
to make this Melton 
stunner the coot of 
the year. $100. 
And underneath, the 
maxi tu rtle neck 0 : 
Merino in significant 
colors. $15. 

Black and White 

2 ft. X 3ft. 52 
Poster only 
($4.95 value) 
with plastic frame $4 
($7.95 value) 

~ 
lltE GllEAT NEW SWINCLINE CUI-
HAND STAPlER Dulrn" 10 fit 
,lie pllm. Porublo.M' St ... 
Wltb 1000 stapln •• 1 .... 

5:-
32-00 SKILLMAN AVENUE. 

Send any black & white or color 
photo up to 8" x 10" (no nega· 
tives) and the name " Swingline" 
cut from any Swingline stapler or 
staple refill package to: Poster· 
r:iart, P. O. Box 165, Woodside, 
N. Y. 11377. Enclose cash, 
check or money order (no 
C.O.D.'s) in the amount of $2.00 
for each blow·up; $4.00 for 
blow· up and frame as shown. 
Add sales tax where applicable. 

Original material returned 
undamaged . Satisfaction 
guaranteed. Allow 30 days 
for delivery. 

THE 
GREAT 
SWINGltNE 

TOT~TAPLER 
The world's largest selling 
stapler yet no I.rger than I 
pack of gum. ON L Y 9~ 

wt'" 1000 mE SIIPI"1 

lltE C~EAT SWINCLINE tUB· 
DESK STArlU A 'til h.tyy·w.I",1 "It II 
a .... poct build . • LY st ... . 
WIlli 1000 "'.pl", $1 .... 

friflay Oct.JO 
7 p. m. - International Club; Infor-
mal Lounge at Revelle. 

- " Genesis II,· Unicorn 
Theater (also at 9 :30 p.m.). 
7:30 p.m. - AS FUm: "Night 
with W.C. Fields,· USB 2722, 
50 cents. 

- Libertar ian Alliance, 
Lectures by Nathaniel Branden 
on philosophy, reas o n,objecti-
vism vrs. subjectivism. 

Saturday Oct.IJ 
9 a.m. - Water Polo, away, Cal 
Tech Tournament. 
7 p.m. - "Genesis II, · Unicorn 
Theater (also at 9:30 p.m.). 
8:30 p. m. - AS Dance, Mixed 
Breed, Revelle Cafeteria, free. 
9 p.m. - Gnarley Beasts (Rock 
Band), Coffee Hut. 

Monday Oct. 13 
7 p.m. - SDS, HL 1148. 
8 p.m. - students International 
Meditation SoCiety, HL 458. 

Tuesday Oct. 14 
7 p.m. - University folkdancers, 
MC 312W. 

- Christian Science Org., 
USB 3030A. 
8:30 p.m. - Arts and Lectures; 
John Ogdon, pianist; Sher wood 
Hall. 

Wednesday Oct. 15 

6:30 p. m. - Friends of Resistance, 
Lower Blake Lounge. 
8 p.m. - Mecha, USB 3020. 

- People night, Revelle 
Informal Lounge. 
8:30 p.m. - Extension Jazz Series, 
Torrey Pineslnn, Imperial Room. 

- Concert, Beverly 
° gd e n and Robert Hatfenden, 
UCSD Art Gallery. 

Thursday Oct. 16 
4:15 p.m. - Inaugural Lecture 
Series, Curtis Wilson: 'From 
Kepler's Laws, So-called, to 
Universal Gravitation: So me 
Third Thoughts.· 
7:30 p.m. - Libertarian Alliance, 
USB 3060. 
8 p.m. - students International 
Meditation Society t HL 458. 

frW., Od.ll 
7:30 p.m. - AS Fi. m: -The Hunt,· 
USB 2722, 50 cent.;. 
8:30 p.m. - Camp s-Wide Lec-
ture, Philip Drath: ·Peace Move-
ment Past ~"rI o:!",!:", •• ,. '-'C 
Gym, free and open to the public. 

Sat.r"., Oct. I. 

. , 

7 p.m. - Chinese Students Assn., 
North Dining Hall • -~~~~~'~'~'~I'~'~'~'~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

triton t1mes--fr1day, october 10--page 11 



fOP PrOfr •• • • • 
(continued from ~age 7) 

EFFECTS OF CUTS 
Carson went on to outline 

how the growth and pen'ormance 
level of EOP ultimately will be 
hurt. Presently at UCSD they 
are still growing, but recent 
trends such as the general UC 
campus cutbacks and the rela-
tively meager EOP allocations 
divided among the nine camp-
uses, will only serve to soon 
retard the program's effective-
ness. 

Asked what could be done to 
help EOP, he replied: 

"I think EOP is, in fact, 
calling on the assistance of any 
student who feels, or any admin-
istrator who feels as though the 
program is a worthwhile one. 
I know that there will be some 
discussion of viewpoints in the 
approaches that we are taking 
in EOP, but EOP is an essen-
tial cog in our society today. 

"If persons or organizations 
are interested in developing 
some sort of program that ' 
would further enhance the finan-

cial situation of EOP, then I'm 
sure that through myself and 
those who are concerned, we 
could develop such resources. 
I've been talking with Craig 
stevens who is a student here 
at UCSD in terms of doing a 
series of events (possibly a 
walk for EOP) that would en-
hance the financial pockets of 
EOP. 

"This calls upon sponsorship 
within our business community 
not only in La Jolla but in San 
Diego. There are a number of 
things that we could do if all 
of us could get together and 
pool and channel this energy." 

Finally, Carson concluded 
the interview with: 

"Programs like EO!? are 
vitally needed. SoCiety must 
begin to respond more positive-
ly to that segment which has 
been violently neglected and 
ignored. The committment has 
to be more than words--it 
calls for the financial support 
to students who have suffered 
the indignation of society te-
day." 

Ange'. D.ris . . . 
third is a belief that by with-
drawing credit but still allowing 
her to lecture the Regents would 
a void a threatened confrontation 
on Monday afternoon. 

After the Re~ents' decision 
the spotlight turned to UCLA 
Chancellor Charles Young, who ' 
had already expressed disap-
proval of the board's investiga-
tion. At a Saturday press con-
ference the chancellor reluctantly 
complied with the Regents' re-
solution and informed the philos-
ophy department that students in 
Angela Davis's class would not 
recieve credlt. He did state, how-
ever, that he expected her to 

lecture as planned on Monday. 
Angela Davis did meet with 

her class on Monday, but the 
class had swelled from 190 
students to 2,000. She barred 
newsmen from her class and pro-
ceeded to lecture on Frederick 
Douglass. students, newsmen , 
and supporting faculty members 
milled around outside Royce Hall 
but there were no disturbances. 

The next phase of the con-
troversy will be when the UCLA 
faculty com m ittee on tenure 
meets to consider her appeal. 
Although the meeting is scheduled 
for Oct. 17 it is expected that 
the hearing will be convened a 
few days earlier. 

R · COMMUNITY BLOOD BANf( etr action 327 F st. 
In the October 3 issue of PA YS DONORS 

the Triton Times it was erro- • • 
neously reported that University Jor selY.ce 
Extension classes are now being 
offered to UCSD students free 
of charge. This is true only 
in certain cases, such as the 
cour se on the Draft, in which 
special arrangements have been 
made with the Provosts' offices. 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233 - 8328 

The Burgundy Street 
Singers were just 

10 unknowns from ·Kansas. 
Then they entered 
the Intercollegiate 

Music Festival. 
The Burgundy Street Singers performed as regulars this 

summer on CBS-TVs Jimmie Rodgers Show and are now under 
contract to Budweiser. From Kansas State University 
students ... to professional entertainers in one year! 

Sign up now for the 1970 
Intercollegiate Music 

Festival. __ it could be 
the start of a new career 

in show business for you! 
Competition is open to 
\ ocalists, vocal groups 

anc I instrumental groups 
_ . _ in two musical 

cate 5'ories: Folk and .Pop_ 

enter no~! 

Sponsored by 

REGIONAL COMPETITIONS: 
Villanova, Pennsylvania; 
Tampa, Florida; Edwardsville, 
Illinois; Austin, Texas; 
Reno, Nevada; Northridge, 
California. 
For entry forms and complete 
information on how to submit 
tapes and photos, write: I.M.F., 
Box 1275, Leesburg, Florida 32748. 

Budweiser 
KING OF BEERS. 

ANHEUSER, BUSCH. INC • ST. lOUIS . NEWARK. LOS ANG ELES . TAMPA. HOUSTON. COLUMBUS . JACKSONVilLE 

triton times--friday, october 10--page 12 

Loving 
to Live 
Will Rogers used to say, "I 

never met a man I didn't like." 
Isn't this a wonderful way to 
feel! 

It's possible for everyone to 
feel this way. In fact, Christian 
Science shows that it is as 
natural for us to love as it is for 
the sun to shine. 
, In her free public lecture, 
Miss Grace Bemis Curtis of 
The Christian Science Board of 
Lectureship will explain the 
spiritual basis of love and its 
direct relationship to life itself. 
You and your-friends are most 

cordially inVited to attend. 

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE LECTURE 

3 p.m. 
SUNDAY 

October 12 

Fourth Church of 
Christ, Scientist 

1270 SILVERADO, LA JOLLA 

Child Care Available 
--All Are Welcome--

·**************t 

: [f)~OO[b~ f : 
• 
• 
.. 

... 

... 

... 

... 

... 

... 

** ~** 

M ' 
... .. 

... ... 

... POVERTY PRICES FOR ALL! ... 

... .. 

... HAPPY HOUR DAILY 5-6 PM ... 

: DIME NIGHT (I' KEG) : 
... EVERY THURSDAY 8PM ... 
... **** • 
... VIDEO TAPE FIGHTS, .. 
:BALLGA MES, TOPLESS SHOWS" 

** ** . .. 
POOL, BOWLING, . : 
& OTHER GAMES • 

**** •• 
• SANDWICHES & PIZZA .. 
• 

... .. 

: PARLAY ROOM TAVERN ... 
.. 

... 225-27 W_ 15th st. ... il .. 

.. . 
... (IN THE BOWELS OF DEL MAR). 
il* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ' 

Four law students with house 
in Ocean Beach want girl to 
do light cooking and house-
keeping in exchange for room 
and board 

4975 Del Monte Ave. 
2221745 

******* * ** 
Girl proficient ' in French 
desperately needed to elp pass 
competency exam. Leer 1 college. 
Name your price! 
488 4949 Mary 

********** 
---1969 MGB---
---1967 MGB---

Both excellent condition. 
272 0115 

********** 
CONTINENTAL DEVICE 

A Teledyne Company, an ex-
panding semiconductor firm 
located in Southern California 
will be recruiting on campus 
October 24,1969. We are inter-
ested in Chemistry, Physics, 
Engineering--an outstanding op-
portunity in the growing solid 
state semiconductor field 
awaits. 

12515 S. Chadron 
Hawthorn, Calif. 
213 772 4551 

********** WANTED---Babysitter for two. 
Ages two months and two years 
Several hr. a week. 


