
The AS Senate, as the duly elected 
representatives of the UCSD 
undergraduates, request that the 
flags on Revelle, Muir, and 
Matthews Campuses be lowered to 
half staff for the remainder of this 
week as a memorial to those who 

have been killed and those who 

will be killed In the Vietnam war . 

triton 

Mr. Jett Benjamin, PresIdent 
Associated Students, UCSD 

Dear Jet!: 

November 11,1969 

I am deeply sensItive to the human and moral costs ot this long and ugly war. Several 
of the men who devIsed our VIetnam policy are tormer colleagues ot mine; university 
people I knew and respected. Their policy judgmenls were clearly governed too power-
tully by abstract consIderations ot statecraft and too little by humane values. One 
close trlend ot mine was klJled In the war. It Is no pleasure to 1!0ltempiate the mel-
ancholy conclusloll that tor mer collt!agues of mine played a crucial role in dividing 
our society and alienating the most attractive and idealistic members of a new gen-
eration. I have a tl1teen year old son and I do :lOt want to see his \l!e added to the 
waste In pursuit ot a bankrupt policy, or In propping up a corrupt mllltary regime 
halfway around the world trom us. 
DespIte these consIderations, I cannot coacur wltb the Associated student nate·s 
request. The memorial you seek coincides with the period ot the morator Ium. Perhaps 
you do not agree that the moratorIum has political Intent, but I can draw no other 
conclusion. All my etforls In this post during the period of my responsibility have 
been almed at keeping the campus sale from politically inspired initiatives In the 
community around us. It would be easy to become a popular figure by bending to tbe 
pressures, but I have resIsted such concesslDns because they are destructive to our 
freedom and independence. I cannot maintain a consistent position on political non-
Involvement by sponsoring symbolic political gestures of the sort the Senate pro-
poses. It would not, In my judgment, express our quiet determination to bring this 
war to a swift and honorable conclusion, and to Insure that there are no more VIet 
Narns. It would further alienate and dIVide, and ultimately reduce our capacity to 
convert our determination Into leadershIp. 

William McGIJI 
Chancellor, UCSD 

Dear Chancellor McGill: 

WUllam J. McGill 
Chancellor 

November 13,1969 

I too am very sensitive to the IlIman and moral costs of the war In Viet Nam, sen-
sitive botb because I face directly the caUlnto that war and because I see my society 
especially my University, deeply Involved In the perpetration of that war. It was In 
fact, this same sensitivity wbich caused me to arrive at my decision about lowering 
the flags around campus. I am moved deeply by the failure of this nation's institutions 
to respond to the wtshes of the people whom they supposedly serve. I concur that It 
Is a waste to 9I!nd our sons, or friends and even ourselves away to fight a ar whlcb 
Is the result of the bankrupt poUcles that the United states has maintained for so 
long. 
You say that by your decision not to accede to our request you are trying to main-
tain a "consistent posltlDn on politlcaJ non-Involvement". Yet, surely If tbe opposI-
tion to the war which we requested is a poUtlcal posture, then so must the Univer-
sity's support ot war-related activity, research and recruitment, be poUtlcal. The 
University, as an institution, Is deeply enmeshed in the political bankruptlcies of 
our time. However, the University as people must, If trom their point ot view it 
opposes those poUcles, challenge them. 

Now Is not the time to worry about cons1stem posltlons because to be consistent 
Is to allow what exists to continue to exist. We must realize that by not now assuming 
a po~itlon of outspoken leadership the status quo pollcles remain, not as benign in-
stitutions, but as a cancer. Thus, poUtlcal noo-Involvem nt is a fraud. Political 
non-Involvement Is Involvement by default, by a tacit acceptance of the extant poU-
cles and institutIons. Quiet determlnation, If not born Into determIned action, ha5 
no substance and thus no power to change. 
The institutions outside the UniversIty wUI respond to ~s because, as a group, we 
can effect the tunctlonlng of those institutions and their ability to bring the maJority 
ot people Into llne with their directions. But we will not accomplish anythIng if we 
recUne In quIet determination wblle the killing s on and on. 
Tbere Is an alternative; the University can he the guiding force In the movement 
for social betterment now wblle the change Is stili to come. 11 can give symbolic 
strength to the average cItizen Involved In the struggl , It can rlean Its OlYn house ' 
ot war-related activities and 115 Intellectual resources can provide dlfection for 
the Mure. Certainly thIs task Is poUllcal; for the worle! we face Is a poUticalor-
ganism. I made no effort to hlde the fact that our request was timed to coincide 
with the MoratorIum because I feel that tbe end the MoratorIum organizers seek I 
a just and good one; so, It would appear, do you. U all this Is true, then the malnte-
naoce of a conststent position of political no~-Involvement Is capitulation. 
I ask you then to let the Unlverslty educate the community aroand it, respond vlc-
orously to Its Indictments with a soUd position beblnd free thought and social criti-
cism. Let us, throughout the nation, rise to :\ blgher plateau bringing the rest or 
the country wltb us; let us inspire, buUd as models better societies to wruch the 
nation wUl move with us. But let us not beco'lle stultlfted In the more that surro nds 
us as we sit In quIet determlnatlon, shIelded by our non-inVOlvement. 

ti 

SIncerely, 

Jeff Benjamin 
President, ASLCSD 

November 14, 1969 University of California, San Diego Vol. 8 , No.7 



eLie on the media I b, Joel Goodman 
Law Against Demonstrators 

The U.S. Supreme Court last week up~eld, :-1, ,~he pow~r ~~ 
university police to arrest students for dlsplaymg dlsruphve 
antiwar signs during silent protests of the Vietna.m .war. The court 
took this step by refusing to review the convlchon of Robert K. 
Zwicker, a student at the University of Wisconsin, who hel~ up 
a picture of a napalmed boy outside a university placement office. 

a fine of $100 or 30 days in jail. His appeal claimed that the state's 
disorderly conduct law was too vague to be constitutional and that 
it had been used to suppress his freedom of speech. (San Diego 
Evening Tribune) 

Hershey Charges 'Encroachment' 
General Lewis B. Hershey, under fire for directing local draft 

boards to squelch antiwar demonstrators by !emoving their draft 
deferments now says Selective Service registrants are not or-
dinary citi~ens. The Selective Service Sy~tem Director's sta~e­
ment came at a Senate judiciary subcommittee hearing, at which 
he complained of what he called encroachment by the courts on 
the draft system. General Hershey said it wa~ established .l~ng 
ago that the courts have no jurisdi,~tion in the. mterna~ actiVlties 
of the armed services, and added: The Selechve .Servlce Sy~t7m 
is a method to get the militia of the United States mto the p?slhon 
where it could be more easily mobilized. Therefore, a registrant 
is not an ordinary citizen." (Christian Science Monitor) 

Draft Reform Makes Headway 
Draft reform advocates agreed Tuesday to permit President 

Nixon's lottery bill to be rushed through. the Senate and to the 
White House without amendments. The bill, already. passed.bY 
the House would make a one-line change in the Selechve Service 
Act to authorize random selectio:! of draftees. Many se~tors, 
including Ted Kennedy, wanted broader reforms (such as elimination 
of college deferments), but they were persuaded by. Armed Se~­
vices Committee Chairman John Stennis, who promised to begm 
hearings in February. The current Selective Service Act expires 
June 30, 1971. (Los Angeles Times) 

Fulbright to Begin Hearings 
Closed-door hearings on Nixon's Vietnam policy are scheduleo 

to begin next week in the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. 
The hearings were originally scheduled to be public, but last 
week the change was made after a stormy session of debate. Senator 
Fulbright Chairman of the committee, said Secretary of State 
Rogers ~d Secretary of Defense Laird could.be the first witnesses 
called to testify in closed session. He SlU e! he h.Ope~ they would 
talk frankly. If the secretaries do not meet FulbrIght s frankness 
standards one Capitol Hill source said he may call open hearings 

.' . 
and queshon them pubhcly. 

Col/ege to Ban FBI 
Goddard College has decided officially to preve~t .the law.or 

the government from reaching into :ts files to obtam mfo.r matlOTI 
on its students. The Go<Jdard Community Council, gO'lernmg ~y 
of the Vermont liberal arts college, has approved a resoluhon 
that prohibits the release of information on students unless they 
give their permission. The action is the result of a recent effort 
by agents of the FBI to obtain information about three studen~s 
who were arrested several weeks ago during a demo~stration m 
Chicago over the "Chicago Eight" trial there. (Christian Science 
Monitor) 

LSD and Chromosomes 
Research on whE·ther or not LSD causes significant damage to 

genes was reporte j In the November 3 issue of the Journal o.r the 
American Medical \ssociation. The work was done on 32 patIents 
who were given ei:her high or low doses. Th~ re?earc~rs found 
that their statisticlI analysis "revealed no Significant difference 
between the before-and after-LSD chromosomal abernation rates 
(or either the high or low dose groujJ, whethor ~n~ ly.zed,~paratelY 
or as one group." They said one major shortcommg uniformly 
chara ~terizing" so ne previous studies was t~e absence of adequate 
contro' measures-·that in these past studies the chromosomal 
abernation rate priJr to the alleged taking of LSD wac; not assessed. 

Beard Ban 
Regents of San Jacinto College in Houston said last week they 

would carry to the U.S. Supreme Court, if necessary, their fight 
for the right to suspend any male student wearing long hair or a 
beard. The regents voted to appeal the ruling by U.S: Distric 
Judge John Si1g1eton Jr., who issued an order temporanly rein-
s tating Carlos Cab1ll0, 20, of Pasadena, Texas, as a student at 
the college. Singleton ruled Cabillo's constitutional rights were 
violated and enjoined the college from enforcing its three-year-
old rule banning long hair and beards. (Los Angeles Times) 
Plge 2 Triton Tints. Nov. 14. 1968 

Trouble in the Garden· 
of Bel Air 

by Rich Heimlch 
Stiff Writlr 

In 1963, Gordon Guiberson, 
a wealthy Los Angeles oilman, 
wanted to sell his two-acre Bel 
Air estate for $325,000. A white, 
two-story G eo r g ian colonial 
house and a Japanese hillside 
garden stood on the estate, lo-
cated one-half mile from the 
UCLA campus. 

Franklin D. Murphy, UCLA's 
Chancellor, wanted to buy the 
garden for the University but 
couldn't reach an agreement with 
Guiberson. 

The chairman of the Board of 
Regents, Edward W. Carter, was 
aware of the many offers and 
counter-offers t hat had been 
made for the estate. RegentCar-
ter wanted the house, and did 
reach an agreement withGuiber-
son. 

In 1964, Regent Carter con-
tacted Chancellor Murphy and 
told him "I think I've found a 
way to 'get the garden you've 
always wanted." As a result, 
the University acquired the gar-
den and Carter got the house. 
The cost of the estate was ne-
gotiated down to $250,000. Car-
ter would llve in the house and 
Dr. Murphy would use the gar-
den for some academic purposes 
and social occasions . 

Details of the transaction were 
given in a UCLA Daily Bruin 
article last week. It was reported 
that Carter donated stock to the 
Board of Regents with the under-
standing that it would be used to 
purchase gardens adjacent to a 
house he wanted to acquire. By 
agreeing to give the house to the 
University on his death, Carter 
was able to pay $75,000 for a 
life Interest in a piece of pro-
perty ass e sse d at c los e to 
$180,000. 

The $75,000 figure was only 
a percentage of the value of 
the house and its land. This !\g-
ure was arrived at by applying 
Internal Revenue Service "life 
estimate tables," as arranged 
by Carter and tax attorney Hen-
ry Diehi. 

"I went to UCLA and I've 
always thought of doing some-
t h i n g substantial for UCLA," 
Carter said. "This seemed a 
good way to do it and also serve 
my 0 w n best tax interests." 

Carter served his tax inter-
ests in several ways : 

He gave UC 4,500 shares of 
Broadway-Hale stock (Carter is 
pre sid e n t of Broadway-Hale) 
worth $203,625, which the Uni-
versity sold to pay for the gar-
den costing $178,750. The restor 
the money went to fulfill a pledge 
Carter had made to the Pauley 
Pavillion--UCLA's new basket-
ball arena and field house. Had 
Carter sold the stock and then 
given the cash to UC he would 
have to pay a capital gaIns tax 
on his stock profits. 

This way, Carter pointed out, 
the University gets the full value 
of the stock, and he could then 
claim the stock gift as a tax 
deduction. 

"You can criticize the tax 
laws," Carter stated, "but I 
believe I have a responsibility 
to make the best deal for my 
family and I always do. to 

He emphasized that he paid 
full value for the life interest 
in the h 0 use. "That $75,000 
wasn't deductible and it wasn't 
de d u c ted," Carter explained. 
"I'm awful careful to make sure 
my tax returns are accurate." 

UCLA Chancellor Charles E. 
Young, who was Vice-Chancellor 
at the time, stated, "I don't 
think there Is anything Improper 
about it." 

Guiberson noted that he "sold 
the property to the University 
for about 25 cents on the dollar 

Regent Edward W. Carter 

of what it cost." 
"$75,000 might sound like a 

bargain price, but it isn't," Car-
ter said. "My out-of-pocket cost 
was $157,000. Although Guiber-
son had been very generous in 
the garden, the house was in a 
very rundown condition. I had to 
put in $82,000 in renovations." 

In mid-December, 1964, the 
Board of Regents voted unani-
mously to buy the garden, ac-
cording to Carter. "No one had 
to be sold on this," he said. 
"I of course took no part in th~ Universlty:s decision to ac-
cept the gardens from Guiberson 
ur myself. I disqualified myself 
because of conflict of interests." 

Regent Carter, now chairman 
of the Regents' Finance Com-
mittee, does not consider any 
personal advantage g a i ned by 
these real estate transactions 
to be ·unethical. "It (the gardens) 
didn't cost the University a damn 
thing, and they're going to get 
my house--they just have to walt 

until I die." 
Dr. Mu'rphy, now board chair-

man of Times Mirror, spoke 
about the transaction, saying, 
"traditionally, trustees of uni-
versities have been benefactors. 
of universities. That's no sur-' 
prise." . 

"fm sure there's a place 
w her e it has to be at arm's 
length," he continued, "but It's 
going too far to say a regent or 
a trustee can't help support his 
institution. 

"If the trustee is benefited 
and the University Is benefited 
and you're not fobbing something 
off, I would defend it." 

In an editorial last Tuesday, 
the UCLA Daily Bruin vowed to 
"conduct a continuing investiga-
tion. . .of business transactions 
between the University and other 
Regents, because we do not be-
lieve that a man's private busi-
ness interests should be advanced 
due to his position of pub I i c 
trust.' ' 

ALtBA8A 

FREAKS OUT AT 

SYNTHETIC 
TRIPS 

ELECTRO· 
PSYCHEDELIC ART 

BLACK LIGHT SUPPLIES 
POsTERS 

SILK SCREEN SERVICE 

47M UIll'f'ft1ity An. 
San Diego. Ca •• 2105 

282·1445 

• 

AI , ••• ,. II.,.. by Roger Showley 
News Editor 

Flag Lowering 
As Protest 

Is flying the American flag at half-mast a proper expression Of .. 
protest against the war in Viet Nam? Should the AS Senate speak 
for the entire student body in its feel ings on such national issues? 

These questions lay in the back of the minds of the Senate at 
Monday's meeting when, by a vote of 5 to 0 with one abstention, 
the AS asked that the Revelle and Matthews flags be kept at lJill-mast 
throughout the week "as a memorial to those who have been killed 
and will be killed in Viet Nam." 

The opportunity for the Senate to make plain its stand arose when 
Frank Gormlie, chairman of the UCSD Moratorium Committee, 
described his efforts to lower the flag a week ago. The campus police 
raised the flag, and this exchange was repeated several times before 
Tom Hull, dean of Revelle students, suggested that the AS take a stand 
as to whether the students believed this to be a favorable method of 
displaying concern about the war. 

Technically, the chancellor decides when the flag may be lowered, 
and he told the Triton Times that in such "delicate circumstances" 
he takes care of decisions personally. 

Only Steve Ishmael, Muir senator, spoke against the motion. It is 
an "inappropriate and ill-advised form of protest," he said, but did 
not elaborate on his stand. Ishmael left the meeting before a vote 
could be taken. 

Jeff Benjamin, AS preSident, called the idea "a very meaningful 
expression of UCSD's position on the war," and hoped that the Senate 
would consider calling for perpetual flying of the flag at half-mast 
"until US involvement in the VIet Nam war ceases." At UC Davis 
the students voted to fly their student union flag at half-mast for 
the duration of the war. The rest of the campus flags normally fly 
at full-mast. 

Lenny Bourin, also a Muir senator, abstained from voting; Revelle 
Senator Cindy Nielsen was unable to vote since she had left a few 
minutes earlier. Bruce Morden spoke in favor of extending until 
tomorrow the flying of the flag at half-mast, in observance of 
Veteran's Day. 

Recognition of students who selflessly contribute their service to 
UCSD in many extra-curricular activities required the Senate to 
weigh the merits of continuing UCSD' s involvement in picking students 
for' 'Who's Who in American Colleges and Universities." 

Candidates for the honor, which means inclusion in a bock used by 
promoting agencies for publicity's sake, have been picked in the past 
by Dean George Murphy and his staft. Last year the AS president 
was involved in making recommendations. But it was felt that the 
Senate itsel1 should be involved in nominating students. 

Lenny Bourin felt that the AS should "dissociate from this kind 
of organization." 

"Even the words 'Who's Who' stink or smack of elltism," Tom 
Peiffer of Revelle exclaimed. 

"We are leaving out a vast number of people" who are Involved 
in other kinds of activities, Benjamin said. They would not be con-
sidered for the honor, he felt, etther because their activity is not 
normally conSidered In drawing up candidates, or else they would not 
want to be included. 

Instead, Benjamin suggested that the Senate design a purely 
campus-oriented mechanism tor recognizing stUdents who contribute 
to UCSD in whatever areas are deemed deSirable . Bourin wanted to 
elect students to the honor, but the rest of the Senate displayed 
dissatisfaction with the Idea. At Monday's meeting, Benjamin hopes 
to present alternate ideas. 

steve Ishmael's resolUtion was defeated with a 2 to 3 vote, Cindy 
Nielsen joining hi m in favor of it. 

For the rest of the quarter, the Senate's noon meetings will be held 
at Conference Room" A" in the Chancellor'S complex on the Matthews 
Campus. Benjamin reiterated his interest In having the weekly 
meetings open to all interested people on campus, and the larger 
room, it is hoped, will attract more people. 

Support your 
home team. 

- ISRAEL-
11 week Student Group 
includes 3 weeks in Eur,ope 
and a Mediterranean Cruise 

can Marty: 755-8850 

.................................................. j 
i1£a Jolla i i ~~l!rt1i ; 
! :!Iarktt; 
-

.. 

' 2259 
-

Avenlda DE LA PLA Y~ 
, , 

James Bond as a-Yillian? 
tion . by Tom Shepard 

Education Writer 
On Monday, a CIA recruiter 

was forced to leave the Career 
Planning and Placement Center 
(CPPC) on the Matthews Cam-
pus Monday when 45 students 
entered the office to protest his 
presence. The students marched 
down the I ength of the hall, out 
the side door, around the build-
ing, and into the office again 
through the front door . 

After a brief discussion, the 
students I eft the building, but 
vowed renewed activities next 
week . 

pamphiet circulated by the SDS, 
"(The CIA) is known to hav l 
'overthrown governmellts and in-
stalled others, raised armies, 
staged invasion of Cuba . .. anr: 
supported books, magazines, an£! 
oosinesses. " 

The student activity Monday 
was reminiscent of a similar 
demonstration last year when 
students blocked a Marine Corps 
recruiter's access to the place-
ment office. As a result, several 
stUdents were placed on dlsci -
pI inary proba tion . 

The source for this informa-
tion was cited as the New York 
Times (AprIl 25, 1966). 

The SDS statement justifier. 
opposition to the recru iter b' 
s tat i n g, "To remain neutra 
(about the recruiter's presence 
is, m effect, to tak e a stand in 
favor of the CIA." 

Inside the building, the stu-
dents were confronted by Revelle 
College Dean Tom Hull and Ex-
ecutive Dean of Student Affairs 
Lynn Naibert, who advised the 
students that they were Violating 
University regulations by dis-
rupting the op era tion of the 
CPPC, and that they were there-
fore subject to disciplinary ac-

The target of Monday's dem-
onstration was Mr. L. H. Gage, 
a recruiter from the Central 
Intelligence Agency. Gage had 
intended to interview B.A., M.A., 
and Ph.D. candidates for per-
spective employment in the fi elds 
of "research, analYSis, report-
ing, applied engineering, and 
aerial photo interpretation ." 

In response to the demonstra-
tion, Vice-Chancellor of Student 
Affairs George Murphy stated, 
on Monday afternoon, "Members 
of the Student Affairs staIr at-
tempted, with some success, to 

According to an information 

Rebounds off the Board 
by Tom Baker, Felture Editor Ind Roger Shawley. News Editor 

"Both the faculty and students became human 
to the Regents." Thus spoke Gabriel Jackson, 
chairman of the UCSD Academic Senate, of last 
week's visit by seven members of the UC 
Board of Regents. 

In a day-long conference between the Regents 
an<i students, faculty and administration, the 
Board was brought up to date on the develop-
ments at the Third College, the School of Med-
icine, and Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 

Students got a chance to meet the Regents at 
lunch when the Revelle Committee on College 
Affai;s (RCAA), the Interhall Council, and the 
Muir College Council discussed student views of 
Angela Davis and the prospects en tuition. 

F:Jculty members met with Regents John E . 
Canaday and W. Glenn Campbell to discuss the 
Third College and the Chancellor entertained 
President Charles Hitch at University House, 
where they went over current problems at UCSD. 

The Regent's day started at a morning brief-
ing session in the Chancellor's conference room. 
After a welcome by Chancellor McGlll, President 
Hitch gave a brief summary of UCSD's history 
and its present problems. Stating that, in con-
trast to the other UC campuses, "San Diego is 
one campus that started at the top and built 
down" Hitch went on to a discussion of the 
deveiopment of the College bystem at UCSD. 
He stated that, "We are very interested In Col-
lege Three. Since the proposals are not formally 
before my Office, I cannot make any turther com-
ment." Hitch also mentioned that UCSD was able 
to accomodate all those who applied for admis-
sion, some 400 more than had been anticipated. 

an experiment, student partiCipation in college 
government is good, as long as it does not be-
come dominating." 

He went on to say, however, that he hoped the 
College is not planning to include revolutionary 
ideas. He was also favorable toward the pro-
posed admission standard. 

The Regents then ate lunch with the various 
student groups. Regent Robert O. Reynolds ate 
with the Revelle Committe on College Affairs, 
Regent Forbes ate with the Interhall CounCil , 
and Regent Campbell with the Muir Council. 
The luncheons lasted between an hour and a half 
and two hours, with such topics as Angela Davis, 
tUition, the budget, and how the students feel 
about the Regents being discussed. 

One of the members of RCCA, Barbara Ran-
dall, stated afterward that she felt that Reynolds 
had been honest in his opinions, and was sin-
cerely interested in how the students felt. She 
also apprecirrted his concern for stUdents who 
would conceivably be hurt by tuition. Dr. Rus-
sell Doolittle, of the Chemistry department, felt 
that the faculty members needed more time to 
talk with the Regents. He stated, in addition, 
that he felt such meetings were very helpful 
in closing the communications gap between the 
Regents and their University. "We must get away 
from the twe's' and ' they's' attitude, " he said. 
"It is fooli sh to go at the Regents as adversar-
ies--or to go at the faculty or students as ad-
versaries, for that matter ." 

SuPlJOl'J ~r 
home airline. 

-, 
Phone 459 - 3465 

After the briefing session, the Regents broke 
into two groups; one went to S c rip p s and the 
other to a meeting concerning Third College. 
The meeting at Scripps was concerned with prob-
lems connected with ocean research, particularly 
in light of cuts in the grant money formerl y 
received by Scripps. Also present were mem-
bers of the Medical School, such as Dr. Clif-
ford Grobstein, to report on their progress and 

- problems. 
, Severa I of the planners of the Third College 
- were optimistic after their meeting ended. Pro-
, vosts Saltman, Stewart, and Frazer disrusSed the 

Following the luncheon me e tin g s, President 
Hitch, Chairman Higgs, Regent Witter, and Chan-
cellor McGill held a pre s confe rence. HItch 
affirmed that the Third Colleg£> would be open-
ing next fall with 150 students. The na me had 
not been discussed, he added, but it appears reason-
able to assume that the Regents are not ver" 
happy with Lumumba-Zapata. The dIscussions then 
turned to the budget. Hitch compared UC to the 
State University of New York, \\ hlch "has been 
receiving a little more sympathy from the state 
administration there than we have been." He also 
warn d that a lack of capHal gam funds may 
w 11 result in a dela in nrnv.riin !,".~~r"'. 
buildings for the Third College. It will probably 
start on the Matthews Campu ,h added. Be-
yond such general remarks, however, the Regent 
would not comment about the Third College. 

Get up and go for your team. Fly 
to the games away on PSA. 8 c,ties. 
Over 160 flights a day. All jets. Low· 
est fares . Call vour travel 
agent or give u's a yell. 

-, 
-, 
-

Groceries, 
Produce, ,- concept of the college system with the Regents. The Regents appeared to be favorably impressed 

-, with whatever plans were presented to them. I M t DeWitt Higgs, chairman of the Board of Re-
i e as, . ,- gents, stated later that he was "very impressed" with the concept of the College. John Canaday, 
-w· & 8 - who also met with the Third College plann£>rs, 

PSA gh<es)'OU.. , '" e e r, was "very Impressed with the thoroughne s with 
'---.;;...-------;;;;.-..... I. ~ I".., .. I _1_ ~ _ II which the Third College has been planned. As 

Th meetings were received favorably by all 
tho e concerned. However, it is not at all cer-
tain, as Doolittle noted, that the good feeling 
gen rated during the day will la t. 1uch depends 
upon the actions of th£> Regents in the next few 
month 

TritDR TiRes , Nov. 14, 19'. Pige oJ 



tlAL 
Come you masters of war, 
you who build the big guns 
you who build the death planes 
you who build the big bomb, 
you who hide behind walls 
you who hide behind desks 
I just want you to know 
I can see through your masks. 

You who never done nothing 
but build to destroy, 
you play with my world 
like it's your little toy. 
You put a gun in my hands 
and you hide from my eyes, 
then you turn and run 'farther 
as the fast bullets fly. 

Now you say who am I 
to talk out of tum, 
you say that I'm young 
you say I'm unlearned, 
but there is one thing I know, 
though I'm younger than you, 
even Jesus would never 
forgive what you do. 

Let me ask you one question, 
Is your money that good? 
Will it buy you forgiveness? 
Do you think that it could? 
I think you will find 
when death takes its toll, 
all the money you made 
will not buy back your soul. 

Like Judas of old, 
you lie and decieve---

You fasten the triggers 
for the others to fire, 

You've throWn the worst fear 
that can ever be hurled 
---fear to bring children 

And I hope that you die 
and your death will come soon , 
I will follow your casket then you sit back and watch world war can be won 

you want me to believe. as the death count gets higher. 
You hide in your mansions 

into the world. on a pale afternoon. 

But I see through your eyes 
and I see through your brain 
like I see through the water 
that runs down my drain. 

as the young people's blood 
flows out of their bodies 

For threatning my baby, 
unborn and unnamed, 
you ain't worth the blood 
that runs in your veins. 

I'll watch while you're lowered 
down in your death bed, 
then I'll stand over your grave 
'till I'm sure that you're dead. and is buried in the mud. 

WHY MEDICAL 
Dear Editor, 

My sister works at a hospital 
in San Diego, and business [s 
never slack there. Every day 
that she goes to work she sees 
the drama of birth, death and 
suffering. On the whole, hospi-
talization is a worrisome, anx-
iety-ridden experience; not one 
of the least worries concerns 
paying the medical bills which 
arise so quickly. A family can 
have its financial reserves wiped 
out, and be plunged into debt, 
by a serious injury or a pro-
longed illness of one of its mem-
bers. Health insurance may pro-
vide them a hedge against such 
a financial disaster. 

In the scheme of health and 
accident insurance, people who 
hoi d a policy (I.e., contract) 
agree to pay a regular fee to 
the insurance company. T his 
creates a reserve pool of money, 
which is used to pay medical' 

bills which arise. In this country, 
a family head who has a job 
can usually set aside enough to 
pay for some kind of insurance 
policy for his fami! y. How w~l1 
the health insurance serves him 
is anothe question. 

Health insurance is tasically 
a good id~a, in that it seeks to 
have medical btlls paid by the 
population at large instead of 
only by the families of those 
struck by illness or accident. 
In Britain, Sweden and some 
other European countries, the 
health insurance scheme is car-
ried out by the p e 0 pIe them-
selves . The health insurance pro-
gram is set up by popularly 
elected officials . All of the peo-
ple are covered by the national 
health insurance in these coun-
tries; and when a citizen has a 
claim, the Insurance pays all 
the medical bills. 

EDITOR-C'-CHIEF 
Ste"', Landau Itrtton tlInes 
NEWS EOiTOR 
Roger Showley 

ASSOC. NEWS EDI 'OR 
PauJ Emus 

rEAT~RE EDITOr 
Tom Baker 

ARTS EDITOR 
8111 AIaOClu 

SPORTS EOiTOR 
Bob Gorby 

MANAGL~G EOiTOR 
Ray avers 

COpy EDITOR 
Haywood GIl mmon 

ASSOC . COPY EOiTOR 
Chuck Graham 

,.nvTVG~.'.r~Y r mTOR 
Bruct Van Brocklln 

AOVERTISING MANAG[R 
Davt HtIJand 

EDl . .... TION WRIT ER 
Torr pard 

SCENCE WRITER 
Ste't SrY'ter 

RESEARCH DIRECTOR 
Joe, Good mati 

WRITING STAff 
Clay Andersen 
Stivi Carpenter 
Raoul Cootrer .. 

~ IlaUoo 
Rlc:h Helmlkh 
Barba .. J ....... , 
Katb,J...-n 
Portia LaTouchl 
Jim MacIII 
t.r..tt"-(! tr--rtz 
L1Mt Varbllroup 

ARTS WRITERS 
Poul HambUrg 
Larry Jolin""" 
Dana Rulolo 
SPORTS WRITERS 
Fro<! GrunowUI 
Lorn Ratul 
Clark R_n 

Tho nITOI'l TIMES IS om eiany roc"",l,ed . and supported 
u a _udtGt newspaper by tbe Communications Board or 
tho Unlvtrslty of Call1omla, 5aJ1 DioKO, Bulldl", 250 . Mal~ 
thews Carrlpus. La Joll2, Cal ifor na I)Z037. In ta.1dnC edltorl1 
poslhons lhe TR'TO~ TI MES r, not rtpresenllnc 1M vl."~ 
I"If the l nhetsllV, Ihe student co"ernment, or the slUdeR 
body as a w Ie. heial TRITON TIMES edllorlal OI>lnlon 
15 expressed only In lhose columns on tN! editorial pare 

spee ~lCal ly "-lIpa1t<J for lho,.. purpose.. The TRITON 
TI MES publ\sllel ... kl, on fnd.,s Ibro~h December 2, 
1969 Address all corrtspo..:lo..,t to TRITON TIMES, 
P.O: Bo. IO? Lo Joli. ~2037. 1'110 .. 453-2000. XIOI7. 

PHO'TOGRAPHERS 
Mork TrUIInc 
Da'4f Wallace 
e luk Wlloon 
TECKNICAL CREW 
Kim AIe~r 
Balh Lyon. 

ARTISTS 
Jim Dyke 
So hem. WortJoy. 
Rob e""",, 

Page 4 Triton Tines, Nov. 14, 1969 

INSURANCE? 
In America, the situation I 

seems different: the practices 
of medicine, pharmacy, and den-
tistry pI us the insurance pro-gram~ are run as private busi-
nesse;, sometimes very profit-
able businesses. The terms of 
an insurance policy vary from 
company to company, but they 
are alW:lYs full of legal terms 
which are hard for the average 
person to understand. As a re-
sult when someone buys a poli-
cy 'he is placing a lot of faith 
in' the company he is dealing 
with and in the insurance sales-
man (who gets a commission 
from every sale). The insurance 
companies are quite selective 
about whom they sell to; they 
won't sell to you if you're too 
Old, or if you're a "bad risk" 
because of health problems. 
Some of the people who need 
insurance coverage the most are 
unable to get it. 

In the United States there are 
no governmental insurance pro-
grams. Some of the states have 
programs to assist those on wel-
fare (e.g., MediCal), but these 
programs are hardly a com-
prehensive solution to the pro-
blem since they affect only a 
small portion of the people, In 
only a few of the states . In 
practice, most people must look 
to private insurance companies 
for protection against the high 
costs of medical emergencies, 
How well does it work? 

When a policyholder has a 
claim, he finds that he is not 
reimbursed by his insurance 
company for all of his expenses, 
but is given only some fixed 
amount depending on his sick-
ness or injury, as prescribed by 
his policy . The insurance might 
pay only 70 per cent of surgical 
costs, only $30 per day on a 
$50 per day hospital room, etc. 
As a resul t, even someone who 
has an insurance policy can be 
left with hundreds or thousands 
of dollars of unpaid medical bills 

after a serious illness. Some-
tI mes, a reading ot the fine 
print in the contract shows that 
the policyholder is not covered 
at all for certain types of med-
ical ex pen s e s. Sometimes he 
takes the insur3I!ce company to 
court in a I a w suit over his 
claims. The insurance company 
has a financial interest in pay-
ing as few claims as possible; 
too often, we find a callous le-
galistic attitude toward a pa-
tient's needs. 

In America, where medical 
techniques are the most ad-
vanced in the world, the methods 
of making medical care avail-
able to the people (have gone 
largely unchanged for decades . 
During the last forty years, the 
American Medical Association 
has been a persistent opponent 
of any proposed changes in Ame- · 
rican medical practices. They, 

by Bob Dylan 
along with the insurance company 
lobby and the drug company lob-
by, have argued that Insuran~e 
needs must be handled by PT!-
vate companies; that drug prices 
should not be reviewed by the 
federal government, and so on; 
they have deluged us with propa-
ganda attempting to ridicule the 
rather successful innovations of 
Britain, Sweden and other coun-
tries . 

Perhaps these business inter-
ests are making too much money 
from the present setup to be 
receptive to any proposed 
changes in the methods of hand-
ling patients and paying the costs 
of healing the sick. Perhaps we 
should remind them that the med-
ical business is our business; 
we the people, are the ones Wh~ are supposed to be serve( 
by the medical profession ane 
by the health insurance concept. 
We should have a new federal 
program for guaranteeing each 
American the medical care he 
needs; such a program might 
include comprehensive national 
health insurance, which would 
be designed for the benefit of 
the American people. 

Leo Cashman 
Grad Student, Mathematics 

• 

. . 

.. 

View 'rom the 13th Floor _____ ~------_ 

IOn Canned Goods 
------------____ by Rich Heimlich 

Technology Is "where It's at." And that's almost 
everywhere. Quicker than a computer and bigger 
than a king-size Colee bottle, it's all around you 
like the belt you wear. 

garbage: goods that are bought and dropped. 
The garbage business is ' 'big business" today, 

It has to be, there's so much garbage. 

Technology Is a clean word for some dirty 
problems. Technology was manufactured trom the 
Greek word "technologia," which means syste-
matic treatment, as in systematic sewage treat-
ment. 

The day Is just around the Corner of the lab, 
and down thirteen flights of stairs, when the 
consumer will consume everything and we will 
have "clean garbage," which means no garbage . 
But, then, how w1ll the disposal industry be dis-
posed of? 

Much of technology, with machine constancy, 
has certainly been systematic In Its destructive 
treatment of the earth. The technological pro-
duct In the world market has the label of creative 
destruction. And yet, today it is technology that 
must solve the problems created by technology. 

Yesterday technology made possible an industrial 
revolution that sought to overthrow nature's domi-
nance of man and his environment. It was a com-
plete revolution--360 degrees--which today has 
revolved back, amidst an ecological upset, to 
show more than ever just how Important it is to 
leave the environment alone and let nature pre-
dominate. 

If the trash problem piles up the the heights of 
the American Bald Eagle on the Friday before 
consumer garbage is consumed, by Saturday man 
would find hlmseJ! in the dark beneath a vast sea 
of garbage quite unlike the ocean of his birth. 
'Though he would find a way out by Sunday, he 
would find the air unbreatheable. 

A solution of sorts would be forthcoming If he 
held his breath for an hour . After sixty minutes, 
the air may stiIl be bad, but the problem would no 
longer e x 1st. The ear t h would be granted a 
day of rest. 

All serlousr.ess aside, technology is no foreign 
aggressor to America, though many Americans 
have become aggressive as a result of its coming. 
Technology is as 20th Century-American as the 
synthetic flag and Imitation cherry pie. 

Seventeenth Century European technology con- • 
veyed colonists to the new world In ships. The 
British subjects; the French subjects; the Spanish 
subjects; and the subjects of those subjects, with 
all the predictability of a Lou Harris poll, came 
to get " what death taketh away" : a little piece ot 
the transaction. Yankee ingenuity was the popular 
brand name that sold many a washday Indian down 
river. 

Technocracy Is well on the way to r eplacing 
democracy. A fleet of 25,000 Coke trucks, second 
only to the truck fleet of the U.S. Post Office, 
cruises the Inroads of America waiting for the 
day when the consumers demand a refund of the 
government and buy a new one, Technocracy is 
neither left, right, or in the middle. II's only 
forward or backward. The technocrat could replace 
the bureaucrat because the bureaucrat can no longer 
be found; and the technocrat Is a machine. 

SUch a "state of things" would not be without its 
problems. Even today, garbage threatens to bury 
America. Our consumer goods are cash-and-carry 

Repressive Profs 

Editor: 
Tom Baker's comments on erosion of respect for academic 

freedom are well-directed . (Ttiton Times, Oct. 31, 1969, "Worms 
in the Apple of Knowledge") One only has to remember the effects 
of German university violation under the Nazi regime to appreciate 
the fragility of academic excellence, 

Unfortunately, Mr, Baker failed to indict some of the major partiCi-
pants subverting academic freedom today--the faculty members 
themselves. 

Consider the following: 
1. Professors who, under the protecting mantle of academic free-

dom, propose to silence those whose opinions they consider particu-
larly pestIlential (sic). 

2. Academic organizations which have become as resistant to 
change as the American Medical ASSOCiation, for many of the same 
reasons. 

3, Academic departments which, having gained a large measure of 
autonomy, presume to exclude (under whatever ratfonaliz-:tions) those 
whose opinions they consider repugnant (or erroneous). 

4. Preposterously light teaching loads (often aggravated by scan-
dalously negligent class preparation), justified to provide more re-
search time. However, methods and criteriafor enforcing a satisfac-
tory level of research productivity hardly exist, especially for 
tenured faculty members . 

In the light of these considerations, can we criticize the public 
tor suspecting that academic freedom ts largely a cover erected by 
the faculty to protect a "sweet deal?" At best, we provide live 
ammunition to those who hate what real academic freedom stands 
for, because the facuIt y is terribly vulnerable in these areas. 

ANARCHY 

Editor : 
Your column on me suggested that I personally created the 

.. silent maJority;" that I dictate the poor turnout in student elections; 
that I am not influenced by student life; that I do not attend school 
function s; and that I may generally be termed an unstuden t. 

The silent majority was formed by people like you, those who set 
themselves up as demagogues and coerce the r emaining students 
into submission through ignorance of college activities and functions . 

The measly election turnouts are a direct result of the one-
sldedness of those who run for off ice. We all realize that the AS 
officers are biased in one direction, and that the administration 
and faculty give them support by being silent. The candidates in the 
last AS election so r epulsed the UCSD students that the turnout was 
less than 30 per cent. 

School functions are either one-sided or poorly-planned; therefore, 
why bother to attend? The bands are inevitably r 0 tt en, and the 
speakers grossly prejudiced. 

School lite influences me, ipso facto, in that I am a student. 
Actually, It influences me so much that I discover that non-student 
life often offers more. 

I am ashamed of people like YOu; you coerce me into being Silent. 
But that will not last tor long. Mark these words: Before the year is 
out, the silent majority shall be the vocal majority, and you shall 
be on the sidelines. Forget your preaching, sir, until you reform 
yourself. 

Student Klutz 

No group, however high-minded or iptellectual, can be relied 
upon to refrain from acting In Its own interest at the expense of 
the public interest. I believe the academic deans must underta.ke 
much closer supervision of departments than they have in the past. 
Il should be possible to contrive a selection procedure tor deans 
which would protect true academic freedom while ensuring that 
universities and colleges are run in the public interest. 

For a free reprint of this ad (suitable for framing) 
without advertising 

Sincerely, 
6tll~ l3arnat'-

write: Bud Man label, 721 . Pestalozzi Street, St. louis, Mo. 63118 

Triton Tines, Nov. 14, 1969 Pap 5 



« 

DUCK 
POWER 

• 

~--------- by Tom Biker Felture Editor 

Lowell Bergman, a former UCSD graduate stu-
j ent and now a member of the San Diego Free 
Press staff, !;tated in an interview with a Triton 
Times staff member that conditions in military 
prisons have not changed, official statements 
lOt withstanding. Bergman is presently active in 
;ervlcemen's resistance activities, such as the 
,)Jblication of Duck Power, an underground news-
paper for the military. 

Among the other serviceman oriented activities 
10W going on in San Diego are the establishment 
of a legal aids service; a coffee house and rap 
center called The Waiting Room ; and a bus service 
which will take servicemen from their bases to 
The Waiting Room. 

The resistance group retains several lawyers 
who specialize in military affairs . 

read Duck Power, or to associate with people af 
The Waiting Rooin. In one instance, a sailor was 
held for 14 hours in the military detention cente~ 
tor associating with members of the Free Press. 
On another occasion, a marine was taken to the 
psychiatric ward of Naval Hospital and held for 
ten days. No charges were made, nor were any 
"symptoms" noted by the doctors (at least when 
he arrived). 

Such practices are clearly violations of an indi-
vidual's rights, under the Constitution. Theoreti-
cally, those rights are not forfeited when a person 
enters the military. The Universal Code of Military 
Justice is legally subordinate to the Constitution. 
However, Bergman stated that constitutional safe-
guards are rarely observed by military authori-
ties. The charge most often employed against 
servicemen engaged in antiwar or antimilitary 
activity is "spreading dissension in the ranks." 
This "crime" is a vague catch-all provision., 
similar to the civilian "conspiracy" laws. 

Scientist Ready 
for Bagful No. 2 

At present, however, the funds for legal de-
fense for military men are nearly exhausted. 
This is the result of several cases this last 
summer which exhausted nearly the entire trea-
sury. 

In regard to the conditions in military brigs, 
Bergman stated that, although the facilities them-
selves have been remodeled at a few bases, nothing 
has been done to improve the treatment of military 
prisoners. The brigs have been enlarged, but the 
brutal treatment remains. In other military pris-
ons, however, not even these minimal reforms 
have been made. Bergman specifically referred 
to the br igs onboard ships, and the prison at the 
Marine Corps Recruit Depot in downtown San Diego. 
He stated that, on ship, men are frequently im-
prisoned for indefinite lengths of time, without 
even the most rudimentary hearing. Men in these 
brigs have no way to get help from an attorney, 
or even to know why they are incarcerated. 

Military authorities are taking every possible 
step to prevent the sevicemen from becoming active 
in the resistance movement. At the MCRD, a 
gunnery sergeant ordered his subordinates not tCl 

However, despite efforts by military authori-
ties to counter the servicemen's peace movement, 
resistance activity is spreading. A coffee house 
is opening in Oceanside for the Pendleton marines, 
called the Green Machine. Also, a Pendleton anti-
war leaflet call ed "Attitude Check" is now being 
published there. 

The Waiting Room is located at the corner of 
5th and J streets in downtown San Diego. It is 
next door to the new offices of the ~n Diego Free 
Press. Bergman closed the interview with an 
appeal for assistance to UCSO students, by pro-
viding food, cars, money, or their talents. People 
are needed to work in The Waiting Room and as 
writers an d distributors of · the Free' Press. 

At present, ser viceman's resistance organiza-
tions are only just beginning. However, it must be 
admitted that San Diego is certainly fertile ground 
for growth. 

ATHENA CENTER FOR CREATNE 
LIVING 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
for seIY;ce 

by Su ve Stryker 
The first decade of manned 

Space exploration has seen tech-
nological advances which are true 
mil est 0 n e s of eng i nee r in g 
achievement. The acts of pro-
pelling asp ace c raft upward; 
keeping it aloft; having men walk 
in space from it; docking It 
with another craft; and, last but 
not least, soft-landing it on the 
moon are tangible results of the 
technical effort exerted over the 
last ten years. By way of con-
trast, however, the end for which 
all of these intermediate stages 
were accomplished has been, if 
anything, deemphasized during 
this entire period. 

This end is simply scientific 
research, experimentation and 
exploration abo u t and on the 
moon. D uri n g the pre-Iunar-
landing phase, little if any rig-
orous research or testing of 
the properties of the moon as an 
astronomical body was per-
formed. 

Now man has successfully 
landed on the moon, completing 
an ever-more-complex chain of 
engineering feats . It is time that 

April, 1970, San Miguel De Allende, Mex~co. Studying 
c~ncepts of self and cO~JDunity to facilitate our constant 
struggle to be human in this repressive, sick society. 
Write: 2308 Smith Avenue, Aliquippa, Pennsylvania, 

Tue. - Fri. the di sproportionate "gap" be-
tween technology and science be 

9:30 - 7:30 closed so that the "lunar means" 
Sat. 9;30 - 5:30 may be sublimated, allowing the 

15001. Closed Sun. & Mon. "lunar end," scientific researCh, 
J. 233 - 8328 to be m 0 r e intensely imple-

. ;;;; ...... _______ , - r-_____ ~_.-m-en-ted-.------
~ ~ Saturday & SUnday 

Mon thro Frl ~.;;= 2:00 _ 4:00 _ 6:00 
6.--8--10:15 p.m. , 

"A RIOT OF 
SEXUAL VANDALISM" 

--Playboy 

"ACRESOF ANATOMY 
AND BUSHELS OF BOSOMS" \ 

--Earl Wilson 

8:00 & 10:15 P.M. 

KEfR-DULLEA · ENT~ BERGER · LlUJ f'~IJIEK 

Belles! 
MISSION VALLEY . GROSSMONT 

~ .. . . ~;. .. . COLOR .. \!x~ ___ .... 
JOHN Hl.STON ',", ... , .. A"'[RICAN IN TW ' ' . " .1 

Plge 6 Triton Times, Nov. 14, 1969 

Science Writer 
The gap is closing at ucsr 

A distinguished team of chemists 
and geologists is currently an-
alyzing the moon soil from Apollo 
11. Dr. Harold Urey Is trying 
to see if any connection exists 
between the isotopic composition 
of inert gases and the lunar sam-
ple, and is attempting to date 
the lunar rocks. Dr . James Ar-
nold is working on the samples 
to discover If, in fact, there are 
any radioactive elements in the 
soil produced by either the solar . 
winds or by cosmic radiation. 
Dr. Gustaf Arrhenius is in the 
process of defining the minera-
logical composition of the rocks. 
Finally, Dr. Albert Engel is an-
alyzing the chemical composi-
tion of the moon's soil. This 
lunar soli project is well past 
the preliminary stages, and 
hopetully, within the next month 
or so, preliminary results wlll be 
forthcoming. 

However, to conclusively ga-
ther meaningful results on the 
lunar sur fa c e, more sampl es 
from other regions on the moon 
are required. Thus, UCSD's "lu-
nar soil analysts" wlll receive 
samples from the A poll 0 12 
flight. Further, in the November 
10 issue of the Los Angeles 
Times, Rudy Abramson de-
scribed the expanding rol e of 
scientists in the space program 
by stating "The National Aero-
nautics and Space Administra-
tion is preparing for a reorgani-
zation, reportedly designed to 
give science a stronger voice in 
planning future exploration of 
the moon." 

II this transformation occurs, 
the UCSD scientists may receive 
m 0 r e samples from succeeding 
Apollo flights and be allowed to 
con tin u e their research en-
deavors . One would hope that 
NASA's "change 01 emphasis" 
is a sign that a decade of sci-
entific probing and researching 
is upon us. 

LESS STUDY = HIGHER GRADES 
LEXICON 

Successful students have high 
vocabulary and reading abllities . 
individual Audio/ Visual Courses 

LEXICON 
12th and Camino Del Mar 

755-3064 

" 

) 
' .. .. , 

,-

, ( .-

, 

~ 

Special Supplement 
University of California, San Diego Produced in conjunction with UCSD Moratorium Committae 

Paul EMUS, editor 

~1IteIUe4 t;wu 'CVtd ~ 
eM Adt-1fIcU ~ '" 
by Ann M~itland 

Wednesday, October 15.,1969 
brought the war- torn United 
States-- for It has been as spir-
itually rent by the Vietnam war 
as South and North Vietnam have 
been physically broken--to the 
threshold of a new age of peace. 
In Boston, .100,000 gathered in 
the Commons to hear such 
speakers as Senator George Mc-
Govern of South Dakota set the 
tone for the day by declaring, 
"This is a day not of name-
calling or violence or destruc-
tion. This is a day that calls 
not for the politics of revenge 
but the politics of reconciliation-
both at home and abroad." 

New Mexico(tbe site of the early 
A- bomb tests, agreed to block 
a bridge leading to defense I 
plants. The majority who had 
suffered in silence the loss of 
their sons, the rise in taxes, ./ 
and the decay of their cities at 
the expense of the costly invol-
vement in Vietnam joined with 
the young in picket lines. For 
once, the dissenters had become 
the majority, and the minority 
who tried to justify U.S. in-
volvement by waving small Am-
erican flags or leaving on their 
headlights were no match for the 
hundreds of thousands throughout 
the nation who carried candles or 
read the names of the men 
killed in Vietnam. 

October 15 was not an over-
night phenomenon, an immediate 
awakening of the conscience of 
·the American public. In effect, 
preparations for Moratorium Day 
began as early as U.S. involve-
ment in Vietnam. At first, pro-
test was largely limited to iso-
lated individuals in the academic 
and political community who had 
the insight to see what our com-
mitment to the Diem regime 
would actually entail. 
the first dissent 

evinced by the results of the 
Louls Harris poll for December 
1965. Only seven percent of the 
population, an "elite corps" by 
anyone's standards , favored with-
drawal. Still, various peace 

I groups managed to muster 22,000 

I for a march that same month on the Capitol. As the war escalated, so too 
I did the peace "offensive." By late October of 1967,40,000 mar-

chers organized by the National 
Mobilization Committee again 
converged on Washington. They 
were met by 20,000 apprehensive 
soldiers, specially mustered for 
the confrontation. There were 
sporadic outbursts of violence be-
tween the pro- and anti-Vietnam 
demonstrators, and between the 
demonstrators and the troops, . 
prompting Newsweek's shocked 
report that the demonstration had 
"ended with blood on the steps 
of the Pentagon." 

Undaunted by such atrOCities, 
the peace leaders planned another 
march for November, drawing 
15,000 participants. Activities for 
1967 were climaxed by "stop the 
Draft Week" in early December. 
In New York, 4,000 policemen 
turned out to make certain that 
3,000 protesters remained peace-
ful. In spite (or because) of this 
precaution, there were disrupt-
ive incidents and arrests, inclu-
ding that of Dr. Benjamin Spack. 
p.lce & politics 

In the evening, candlelight 
processions, ranging in size from 
the 30,000 in Washington,D.C. be-
fore the White House to the 400 
to 500 students who walked 
from UCSD into La Jolla, cli-
maxed a day marked by speech-
es from concerned member s of 
the poUtical establishement, a-
mong whom were Eugene Mc-
Carthy, Averell Harriman, Ar-
thur Goldberg, and John Lind-
say. It was a day without vio-
lence, a fitting pr otest in itself 
against the bloodshed and dest-
ruction of the war. 

With the start of the McCarthy 
campaign in early 1968, the 
peace movement found a way to 
channel its aims and man-power 
into the mainstream of American 
politics. The success ofthe dump-
Johnson drive and McCarthy's 
victories in the early primaries 
broadened the base of operations 
for peace groups and strengthen-
ed their status in public opinion. 
Mass marches like those of 1967 
were abandoned. Instead, the 
peace workers worked through 
the campaigns of Mc carthy and 
Kennedy.m hopes on controlling 
the Democratic Convention. What 
happened instead at Chicago ls 

Articles concerning dissent now all to well known. Kenne-
were virtually non- existent in the dy's assassination; the erosion 

To reach the people--the si- early 1960's, save for those in of leadership in the McCarthy 
lent majority whom Richard a few small reviews or journals. camp; and the resurrection of 
Nixon so fondly calls his own- It was not until late in 1965 Hubert Humphrey at Johnson's 
students went door-to-door, to the that any coverage was given to request created a time bomb 
business districts, to shopping the peace movement by major of factionalism between the Old 
centers and to street corners. magazines like TIME, Newsweek, and the New Politics that erupt-
They were armed with leaflets and Life. Even then, stories were ed outside the Convention Hall in 
that urged withdrawal of U.S. limited to unfavorable accounts a riot between the police and 
forces immediately from Vietnam of the early efforts to hold mass anyone under 25 who happened to 
so that these same students and peace rallies and gain support be in the area. 
others Uke them would not have for draft resistance. When the smoke finally clear-
to carry rifles through a rice The first October demonstra- ed, the peace issue had been for-
paddy while waiting for Nixon's tions came in 1965, with little gotten. The campaign dragged on, 
own withdrawal three to five support, only 1,000 Harvard stu- and the question of troop with-

populace put Nixon in the White' 
. House. While waiting for him to 
jreveal his secret, people like 
.Jerome Grossman, Sam Brown, 
and David Mlxner tried to come 
,up with a plan to bring pres-

Chairman Richard Icbard 01 the 
House Internal Security Commit-
tee was confident that all the 
marches, teach-ins, and memor-
ial services could be attributed 

a "propaganda maneuver 

!
sure on the President to force 
him into action. The result of 
their brainstorming was the na-

'tionwide moratorium. 

I hlgned and organized by Commun-
ists." What Representative !ch-
ard failed to note was that su 

In June, Brown and David 

~awk of the National Student As-sociation set up headquarters in ashington, D.C ., and, as weeks assed, backing for the effort 
grew. With workers culled from 
the McCarthy and Kennedy ranks, 
the Vietnam Moratorium Com-
mittee was able to build enough 
support to move the Moratorium 
outside of the universities and 
Into the communities. Though 
teach-ins and stoppage of classes 
were important to students, it was 
the magnitude, peacefulness, and 
determination of the hundreds of 
thousands who gathered In places 
like New York's Bryant Park, 
Washington, and Exposition Park 
in Los Angeles, which prompted 
older Americans to join in the 
Moratorium. 
effect of moratorium 

What was the effect on the man 
whom those in the October 15 
demonstrations hoped to influence 
the most? Nineteen days before 
the Moratorium, Richar d Nixon 
dismissed it and told a press 
conference that " under no cir-
cumstances will I be affected by 
it." But as days passed and the 
momentum of the activities grew, 
Nixon showed how unaffected he 
really was. The New Republic 
caustically noted that "in antici-
pation, he has !ired General Her-
shey, called in Ambassador 
Lodge, exhumed Vice-President 
Humphrey, announced another 
Vietnam speech, and written an 
open letter to the country, stand-
ing by his famous refusal not to 
be moved by protesters who take 
to the stree ts. " 

Obviously worried by the suc-
cess of the Moratorium, Nixon 
asked the "young people of this 
country" to refrain from demon-
strations, for although they were 
(unfortunately) legal, and within 
the bounds of the fine American 
tradition of dissent, they never-
theless eroded the Nation' s con-
fidence in the President and the 
job he was doing in Vietnam. 

Other critics saw red when 
they obser ved the Moratorium. 

. " . 15,19., 
----

. porters of the Moratorium in-
cluded some of his esteemed col-
leagues on Capitol Hill--notably 
Senators Church, Cranston, Mc-
Carthy, and Muskie . Governorsof 
Maine, Massachusetts, and New 
Hampshire added to the conspir-
acy by actively participating in the 
demonstrations. 
public support 

Not all reactions were so 
antagonistic. In fact, the Mora-
torium proved just how wide-
spread opposition to the war ac-
tually was. In mid- October, con-
gressional offices recieved enor-
mous amounts of mail, running 
about nine to one in favor of early 
termination of the war. Public 
support grew to 57 percent for 
New York Representative Char les 
Goodell's resolution to withdraw 
all troops by December 1970. 

The widespread support for 
the Moratorium Committee a-
round the country has given fur-
ther impetus to the two-day Mor-
atorium on November 14 and 15. 
In addition to the moratorium, 
there are two major marches, in 
Washington and San Francisco, 
being organized by the New Mo-
bilization Committee,. The distin, 
ction between the two groups is 
often blurred by the media. lhe 
VMC Is more politically based. 
In a sense, it is a lobby group 
in Washington. Its main tlmclion 
has been to suggest activities to 
local groups which it feels would 
be most effective in changing 
America 's war policy. The NMC, 
on the other hand, is a coali-
tion of local peace groups. 

Plans for the December Mor-
atoium are not firm at this time. 
Many of the organizers feel it 
is time to work on the military 
men. One of the ideasbeingcon-
side red is to send Christmas pre-
sents to the men in Vietnam. 
Another activty being organized 
is a boycott of Christmas buying. 
For January, a peace poster con-
test is being planned for San 
Diego. Plans for moratoriums in 
the further future are even more 
nebulous. 0 one wants to believe 
that more will be necessary. 

La JoRl Cove Park 
Clndle·light Service 
FridlY, Nov. 14 7 p.m. 
folk singing and poetry readin! years hence. The people were dents gathered in Boston Com- drawals and peace in Vietnam 

reached , and they responded. mons, and the coverage oithe pro- was bandied about. Humphrey of- ~ 
t~o~to~~~~c:y ~c~~~~~~ :~es~: ~~~~~=r:oan~e:~~ ~~~~t~O J~~~~:ng-;:~~~~:,r~i ~ n ~~rf 
for the academic community in zines. ThatJohnson'sgaUbladder course--and Nixon promised to 
great urban centers like San Fra- operation could command more tell us his secret plan for peace II 

DOWNTOW MARC H 
begins : noon at New-
tOll Park. Ends: 3 pm 
at Balboa Park. 

ncisco, Washlngton,and New York attention than efforts to extric- If he was elected. Eager to be JI 
City. Housewives in Los Alamos, ate the U.S. from Vietnam was let in on the big surprise the r·-·-·-·-·-·-·-·-·_·_·-·-·-·-·-·-·-···-···-·-·-·-·-·-·_._._._._._._._._. ,. 
• In San Diego, the liberal community used to feel it was "lost in a jungle of Southern California has long been conside red the stronghold of militarism, con-I birches." In 1969, however, the leftists have gained strength which could challenge servatism and hawkish ideas. A successful peace offen i'/e in San Diego would 
• the old political machine, If only the left had self-confidence. A peace march, a hit these in the place they feel they are most protected. To date, Nixon has been • 
• political campaign, or a lobby will never be successful unless those involved can able to count on San Diego as being "a silent m:..j". iiy" \.U IIllA'MlO 0 Illceless, 
_ believe their cause can be won. mindless Citizens whose opinions are not strong enough to warrant demonstration. 
• 

Although the unifying principle for the march in San Diego is to bring the troops On November 15 he will no longer be able to count on San Diego. I 
home now, the motives run much deeper. For some it is the sheer expense of the On the local scene, this march will be a test of the viability of the left as a po- • 

•
- war and the necessary maintainence of wartime priorities while we are at war. IItical force in San Diego. On tbe east coast, s tudents showed they had consldera Ie I 

For others it is the loss of lives. Still others feel that the war and/or our foreign political power during the McCarthy campaign. There is no reason that San Diego 
•
- policy in general is a moral catastrophe for the United States. Many believe that students should not be able to muster thi s same powe. To do so, however, the 

no war Is justifiable. Regardless of our deeper motives we can all stand together students must have confidence in their strength. They must have a clear identity. 
- on the issue of withdrawal from Vietnam.' This march can and should provide a basis (or that Identity. 
• The nation-wide effect that a march in SUI Diego would have is considerable. Rod Miller -- U SO toratorium Committ e .. _. _._.-._.-._._._._._._._.-._. _.- ._._._._.. . ._._._._. _._.-._._. . ._. 

Triton Tines, Nov. 14, 1969 Plge 1 



r Involvement in , War 
,-; . 

';;'(U(t t4e Uutut Statu 
Ij4t 11d6 7~ 1/teu ", 

compiled by Paul Emus 

French Rule 
In the early 1930's, during French suppression of Vietnamese 

nationalists, star ving peasants demonstrated against and even attacked 
landowners. Amid this terror and famine, the 1odochina Communist 
Party came into power, led by Ho Chi Minh. Its aims were: 1) Com-
plete overhaul of the social structure; 2) Drastic changes in the own-
ership of land; 3) A powerful central government; 4) Development 
of resources; and 5) National political independence. 

By 1939 the membership and activities of the 1odochina Com-
munist party had become so widespread that it was outlawed by 
the French, who made wholesale arrests of members. 

10 1940, France was conquered by the Germans and was willing 
to cooperated with the Axis power. By agreement wlth Japl.n, 
France continued to administer Indochina, allowing Japl.n to estab-
lish air bases and transport of troops though it. In May, 1941, 
Vietnamese nationalists formed the Revolutionary League for the lode-
pendence of Vietnam, which became known as the Vietminh, the 
only Vietnamese force opposing the Japanese . 

The question of Vietnamese independence was considered at the 
Teheran and Potsdam Conferences of Allied leaders. President 
Franklin D. Roosevelt not only insisted that the French should not 
be reinstated, he forbade the giving of United states assistance to 
any French force attempting to regain control of lodochina. 

10 1945 the Japanese threw out the French and declared Vietnam 
independent on March 10, with the traditional emperor, Bao Oai, 
as head of the government. A widespread famin.e, combined with 
railroads too damaged to ship food; demonstrations, processions; 
and public meetings all but paralyzed the country. By mid-August 
Japanese power crumbled, Bao Oai's cabinet resigned or fled, and 
his government dissolved. The Vietminh, who had established them-
selves in the countryside, simply assumed power. On September 2, 
1945, the Independent Democratic Republic of Vietnam was tormed 
with Ho Chi Minh as its head, Vietminh in key posts, and Bao Oai 
as a senior adviser. 

As Japl.D fell, Chinese and British troops had begun to move to 
occupy Vietnam, as arranged by the Allies in the Potsdam Con-
ference. This vastly complicated the situation. In the next months 
Vietnam suCrel ed another famine; looting by the occupying Chinese; 
and economic (haos from sudden changes in currency values. French 
troops poured into Vietnam to re-establish French control. Thl! 
British retirel l; the Chinese did not. The struggle for independence 
continued as tt e Vietminh led mob uprisings and murdered mandarins 
and other previncial offiCials, plus the leaders of some religious 
sects. They allolished the lodochina Caommunist pl.rty and arranged 
with the occup~ ir~ Cllllj;;s;; for :t Icgi5htive election. 
Democratic Republic of Viet Nam 

The resulti Ig government became the Democratic Republic of 
Vietman. Not openly Communist, the DRYN attempted to win a 
United Nations seat and diplomatic recognition from the United states, 
but failed. ThE United states State Depl.rtment said that it would not 
help the Vietm.nh or the French. 

An accord was signed between Ho Chi Minh and the French which 
recognized Vietnam as a free state, with ties to Indochina and France. 
It established the French relieving the Chinese in northern Viet-
nam would be phased out by 1951, and promised that a referendum 
would be held in southern Vietnam (Cochin China) to let the people 
decide whether to unite with the DRVN. 

The French High Commissioner in Cochin China, however, granted 
recognition to a rival Republic of Cochin China as a free state, 
using exactly the same terms given to Ho Chi Minh. The new govern-
ment, considered an invention of the French which could never bring 
about Vietnamese independence, made any settlement with Ho Chi 

DEFENSE 

HEW 

Alcohol 

Atomic Energy 
Commission 

Military Assistance 

Housing & Urban 
Development 

Office of Economic 
Opportunity 

Coffee Consumption 

Minh impossible. He retreated to the consolidated north, which passed 
its o~ constitution, claimed Cochin China as part of its territory 
and recognized no relationship with France. 

There is no doubt that the Vietnamese peasant would have rejected 
the French inany choice of government. The Vietminh were more 
alert to the peasants' problems and promised to expel the French. 
The vast majority of the rural population accepted the Vietminh 
cadre, and a pattern ot control developed which persists in North 
Vietnam to this day. The Vietnamese Communist administrators 
control the countryside, and the central government controls and 
administers the lowlands and cities. 

Tensions mounted. The Vietminh gathered equipment from foreign 
backers (Communist allies). The French built up armor, equipment 
and troops. By December, 1946, incidents on both sides sparked 
war. 

French Appeal for U.S. Aid 
The French effort to regain coloo1al power in Vietnam was cast 

as an effort to defeat Communism. • TIle CommllDist adversary" 
was soon said to be not only the Vietnamese, but also those who 
eontributed arms and materJaI, especially China. The French insisted 
that the fight against the Vietminh was the best means ot combatting 
China, which was presumed to intend to conquer Southeast Asia. 
With this argument Fraace approacbed toe US for assistance in the 
early years of the Indochina War. 

Around 1950 the US pol1c, ct noo-assistance to colonial powers 
changed. The expansion of CommUDiBt Ruas1a into East Europe 
after World War n adde<l toaahiBtDrfcnject1oD IUId fear of Marxism 
as an economic system, creat.d teasJou w1tIdn tb1s country. These 
tensions expanded into the Cold War. TbecUst1DcUoobetween Russian 
national expansion and CommUDlst explOSion, II tban was any, 
was not elaborated and was lost. 

When China became Communist in 1949, US pol1c1-lDIters assumed 
that it would follow tbe same .. ttern of expansion, aDd lnterpreted 
the entry of Chinese soldiers into tile Koreu bostilititts u the 
start of this expansion. The task of dlsqel'Dlllc wbich of CldDa's 
actions stemmed from national considerations (for example, possible 
fear of being surrounded by Western military bases) and wb1cb 
actions stemmed from Communist considerations (slICh as thedesire 
to promote revolution in ollier countries) was difficult, and therefore 
neglcted. AsimplUied version of the "domino theory" (It one South-
east Asian countrytalls Into Communist hands, they wUl aU fall 
after like a row of dominoes) arose and fear of Chinese Communist 
expansion became an important element in foreign pol1cy decisions. 

The French appeal for aid in the war in Vietnam was aceepted, 
and in 1950 the first allocation of $150 million was made. By 1954 
this had reached $1 .33 billion per year. 

French attempts to develop a popular government in South Vietnam 
continued during the war. Under Emperor Bao Dat, an agreement in 
June, 1948, "solemnly recognized the independence of Vietnam" 
and "proclaimed (Vietnamese) adherence to the Freneh . Union." 
However, France retained control of foreign relations and armed 
forces. This nominal independence was ratifted at tile French 
National Assembly in Paris, and tbe State of Vietnam (South Viet-
nam) came into being in January, 1950. Diplomatic recognition was 
quickly granted by the US and 30 other nations. 

The war lasted eight years. In May 1954 the French were decisively 
defeated at Dienbienphu, and the two parties agreed to negotiate 
an end to the fighting. . 

The Geneva Conference 
A settlement between France and the Vietminh was made in July, 

1954, establishing international accord on Indochina. This gathering 
included the foreign ministers of France, the DRVN Soviet Union 
mainland China, the US, Great Britain, the State of'Vietnam, Laos' 
and Cambodia. France no longer believed that the Communist and 
nationalist movements could be vanquished by simple military force 
and need a race-saving means of withdrawal from the former ter~ 
ritories. The Vietminh wanted a secure, legal settlement for their 
victory. Out of the 13 weeks of negotiation (April 26-July 21) came 
agreements on Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam. There were two doc-
uments affecting Vietnam. 

An agreement on the cessation of hostilities in Vietnam was 
signed by the representatives of France and the Vietminh. This 
agreement: 1) Stopped the lighting and enumerated military details; 
2) Divided the country into two zones with a temporary military 
demar cation line and demilitarized zone in the middle and arranged 
[or regrouping of Vietminh forces to the north and the French to 
the south; 3) Forbade the introduction of fresh troops or reinforce-
ment of arms or munitions, and arranged for liberation of prisoners 
and civilian internees; 4) Referred to "the general elections which 
would bring about the unification of Vietnam; 5) Allowed civilians 
to live in either zone they chose; 6) Stated that "no military base 
under the control of a foreign state may be established in the re-
grouping zone of either party ... (nor shall the zones of either party) 
adhere to any military alliance (or be) used for the resumption 

of hostilities or to further an aggressive policy." 7) Set up an 

BILLIONS OF OOLLARS SPENT IN THE UNITED STATES PER YEAR 
20 i 30 40 50 

International Control Commission (composed of Canada, India, and 
Poland, with India as chairman) to supervise and control the exe-
cution of the agreements. 

The two signing parties, France and the Vietminh, assumed re-
sponsibility for carrying out the agreement and for passing this 
responsibility on to their successors. 

The other document was a "Final Declaration ot the Geneva Con-
ference on the Problems ot Restoring Peace in 1odochina." In it 
the Conference: -
1) Took note of the agreements ending hostilities in Cambodia, 
Laos and Vietnam and organizing international control and super-
vision of thier execution; 
2) Stated that it recognized that the "essential purpose of the agree-
ment relating to Vietnam is to settle military questions with a 
view to ending hostilities and that the military demarcation line 
is provisional and should not in any way be interpreted as constit-
uting a political or territorial boundary." 
3) Stated that "general eleetlons shall be held in July, 1956 under 
the supervision of an Iateraational Supervisory Commision, with 
CODSUItatton of the subject held from July 20,1955." 
4) stated that "in the relations with Cambodia, Laos aDd Vietnam, 
each member of the Geneva Conference undertakes ~ .respect 
(their SOY8 ipty, independence, unity and territorial integrity) 
and to retrain from any interference in their Internal aeriars." 

Tb1s Final DeeJarJ.tion was not a signed document; ratber, members 
of the Conference were asked by he Chairman to express themselves 
on it. fA npiy, the repre .. Uves of France , the DRYN, China, 
tile U~ _~_.I!II tile .So~et . U~ion indicated their awroval 
or acneme .. Tbe npr ••• _HYe of Laos made DO observations 
on Itt aDd the CamboclJalll'epl'8ll8ldative supported it, while retaining 
reservations about Vletaame. territorial integrity. The represen-
tative of tbe state of V1etnllll (Bao Oal's government) did DOt com-
ment on his acceptance but attalllPt*' unsucceltlflllly to alter tbe 
tinal wording of the Declaratioa. 

The US stated that u was "DOt presared to join in a declaration 
of its poslt1oD taking DOte of 11» acreemellts between Fraoce, cam-
bodia, Laos and Vietnam, aDII declared tllat it would "refl'ltn from 
the threa.t or the use of force to disturb them •• .and would view 
any renewal of the aggression in violation of tbe Agreements with 
grave concern and as seriously threatening international peace and 
security." It also rotated, "In the case of nations now divided against 
their will, we shall continue to seek to achieve unity through free 
elections, supervised by the United Nations to ensure !bat they are 
conducted fairly." 

The United States reiterated its "traditional position that peoples 
are entitled to determine their own future" and said that It would 
not Join in any arrangement wldcb would hinder this. 

The Geneva Conference succeeded in achieving a political, that is, 
diplomatic cessation of military actJon between Vieblam and France. 
But the beginning of the end of Western agreement on Indochina 
policy came when the US chose not to join in the Final Declaration. 
Shortly, the US turned to another means of action in Southeast 
Asia by signing 1118 treaty forming the Southeast Asia Treaty 
Organization (SEATO) along with France, the United Kingdom, 
Australia, . New Zeala:nd, Thailand, the Philippines, and Pakistan. . 

The Struggle for Political Supremacy 
With - the conclusion of the Conference and the war, a new phase 

began. Civilian transfers between zones included the migration of 
800,000 northerners, mostly Roman Catholic, ~to the south. Combat 
troops of the Vietminh gave up territory in the south and moved 
into the northern zone (although many eivilian Vietminh did not) 
as tbe DRVN assumed control. Staking its political future and the 
reunification of Vietnam on the elections promised by the Geneva 
Agreement, the Hanoi regime set about restoring and building the 
economy of North Vietnam. 

The French regrouped in the ~outh, where they continued to prop 
up their Vietnamese government. Gradually they turned over in-
stitutions and parts of the army to the Vietnamese. lo January, 
1955, they granted (once more) complete independence to Vietnam 
and prepared to withdraw altogether. 

The new head of the State of Vietnam, chosen by Bao Oai, was 
Ngo Dinh Diem, a moderate nationalist who hadworked in the French 
Colonial government. In the south many factions and power groups, 
including Communist workers, religious sects and the Binh Xuyen 
syndicate, were struggling for power. Diem sought order through 
" democratic one-man rule." 

He began to conSOlidate power through the use of secret police, 
political spies, mass imprisonment and murder. With the rejection 
of democratic methods on the grounds that the country must first 
be secure and free, life under Diem became a vicious spiral of 
dissent and repression. 

In July, 1955 Premier Diem announced that he would neither discuss 
nor hold the elections agreed on at the Geneva Conference, in which 
the people of North and South Vietnam were to choose one government 
and unify the country. The reason Diem gave was that free elections 
were impossible in the North. Actually, It was estimated at the time 

that as much as SO percent of the people would have voted for HO 
Chi Minh because of his role in bringing French rule to an end. 
Diem refused to take this risk, despite the Geneva agreements. 
The elections were never held. 

In the face of internal divisions and hostilities, it became clear 
that the Saigon government needed outside assistance if it was to 
survive. At Diem's request, the US stepped into the picture. The 
US paid the salaries of Diem's army and police. It also shored up 
the entire economy ot South Vietnam; in the following decade, US 
aid averaged $239 million per year. In addition, the United states 
sent in advisers, unofficially tied to CIA, to organize Diem's ad-
ministration. 

Diem's weakest link, however, continued to plague him: he did not 
win over the peasants in the rural areas. Programs of great appeal, 
such as land reform, were postponed for long periods . When land 
reform did come, payment was required for land the Communists 
had distributed free during the brief period they were in control. 
Little was spent on health programs or education. The government 
did not move to meet peasant requests and grievances. On the con-
trary, it perpetrated an extreme campaign of political reprisal 
against dissident groups, with many arrests and executions. 

Long atter the time for the elections had passed and it became 
clear that they were not going to be held, guerrilla activity again 
broke out in South Vietnam. In scattered operations, a number of 
village leaders were assassiDl.ted, many of them Diem appointees. 
This served to cut off the central government even more from the 
people. 

Thl lllational Liberation Front 
In 1980 the formation of a National Liberation Front (NLF) in 

South Vietnam was announced. It sought to meet Diem's force with 
force, to set up an administrative structure rivalling that of the 
Saigon government in the villages and the countryside, and to re-
sist and oust Diem's reproe. The 10-point program of the NLF 
called for a "broad national democratic coalition administration, " 
eJection of a DeW National Assembly through universal suffrage, 
broad economic aDd social reforms, and ousting of United states 
military advisers. 

There are widely differing views as to the origin of the insur-
gency aDd of the NLF itself. The US government and the South 
Vietnamese government state that tbe NLF was established by the 
Lao Doug party (the Communist party in North Vietnam) to provide 
a political facade for the cOOOuct of guerrilla warfare, and that it 
is directed from Hanoi. This makes it, they maintain, a part of the 
"wor ld-wide cospiracy of communism." They believe that infiltl'2.tion 
trom the north constitutes aggression against South Vietnam as a 
sovereign state. 

other s believe that NLF started as the spontaneous effort of 
southerners to resist an oppressive government and a Dew kind of 
colonialism on the part of the US. They believe that Hanoi entered 
the scene only when it seemed as II Hanoi might lose its influence 
with the southerners by not supporting them in their s truggle against 
the Diem government. They question the meaning of "a world-
wide conspiracy of Communism," considering the changing aspects 
of Communism in countries where it has been practiced for many 
years (tbe Soviet Ullion, for example); the disagreements between 
different Communist-governed nations (China and the Soviet Union): 
and the tact tbat each Communist nation, like other nations, acts 
first of all in Us own natJonallnterest. 

They point out, further, that all personnel fighting aginst the south 
Vietnamese government are themselves Vietnamese, which makes 
this a civil war. 

Pacification programs were instigated by the US and the South 
Vietnamese government forces to try to win over the people. 
The Vietnamese guerrillas survived primarily because the peasants 
helped them by giving them food and cover. To combat this, paci-
fication programs were aimed to assist the peasant and to cut him 
off from the guerrillas by such devices as relocation of villages. 
Reports of success in these and other military actions were often 
more optimistic than reports from independent newsmen and other 
observers; the term "credibility gap" was coined. 

A sharp increase in the number of assassinations and kidnappings 
by the insurgents occurred in 1962. Attacks on ordinary civilians 
who assisted government forces increased gradually, reaching 
12,77S,by 1965. With escalation of the war in the south, movement 
of troops from the north increased and included both northern 
Vietnamese and southerners who had regrouped in Nortb Vietnam 
in 1954. In 1961 about 6,000 are reported to have infiltrated; over 
12,000 In 1964; and the number grew to approximately 35,000 lor 
the first half of 1966. 

A coup d'etat by South Vietnamese army officers overthrew and 
killed Diem on November 1, 1963. Asuccession of new governments 
rollowed. Shortlr alter Diem's death the NLF issued an appeal for 
a coalition government, elections and neutraliztion of Vietnam; this 
appeal was rejected by the US and the South Vietnamese governments, 
denounced as an effort to achieve a Communist take-over. The 
s truggle against the NLF continued. The South Vietnamese forces 

were embarrassingly ineffective against their rural countrymen 
United States assistance was increased and an intensive war 
operation began in the rural areas. 

The Tonkin Gulf Resolution 
In late July 1964, Hanoi charged that Americans and South Viet-

namese had fired on North Vietnamese fishi'lg vessels and nearby 
islands in the Gulf of Tonkin. On August 2 and again on August 4, 
the US claimed that North Vietnamese boats attacked the US de-
stroyer Maddox. President Johnson then announced the beginning of 
US " air action against gunboats and certain supporting facilities 
in N~rth Vietnam," and requested Congress to approve. 
In reply Congress passed the Tonkin Gulf Resolution, whIch: 
!) ApprOVed and supported the determination of the President to takE 
all necessary measures to repel any armed attack and prevent 
further aggression; 
2) stated that the US is "prepared, as the President determines, 
to take all necessary steps, including the use of armed Corce, to 
assist any member or protocol state of the Southeast Asia Collec-
tive Defense Treaty requesting assistance in defense of its freedom. " 
It also provided that the resolution could be reversed. 

Thereafter the conflict escalated quickly, US ground forces i.J 
creased from 10,000 (1962) to 53,000 (1965) to 267,000 (mid-1966) 
to 460,000 (mid 1967). In February 1965, South Vietnamese and 
US air forces began the bombing of the north. In June 1965, Ameri-
cans assumed the major brunt of the offensive fighting and our 
term "advisor" was dropped. 

SOURCES: 
VIETNAM PRIMER by Devereux Powell 
TWO VlETNAMS: A POLITICAL AND MILITARY HISTORY 
by Bernard Fall 
THE UNITED STATES 1N VIETNAM by George M. Kahin 
THE STORY OF VIETNAM by Hal Dareff 
VIETNAM, A DIPLOMA TIC TRAGEDY, by Victor Bator 
"How the United states Got Involved in Vietnam," by Robert 
Sheer 
"The Issue in Vietnam," by George W. Ball 
"Why We Fight in Vietnam.," U.S. Printing Office 
"South Vietnam Notes," U.S. Printing Office 
"The Legality of U.S. Participation in the Defense of Vietnam," 
Depl.rtment of state Bulletin 

U.S. troops OD pl.trol near Chulai o!lserved 
M-day by wearing black armbands. 

From "l.F. stone's Weekly," 

trange Way To ut Back 
We .:an't read Pre ident ixon's nlind and we have 

long ago given up trying to undEr tand Pentagon 
81'ithm tic. But when the October draCt call were 
annoulv'ed w checked back and found that draCt calls 
are up more than 70 r r sinc(' I on at the beglRnlng 
of Jun announced Vietname e troop cutback wer 
to begin. Here ar the figure month by month : 

1 6 1969 
JUne .. ....... ...... ................. 20,000 25,900 
July ............... ................... 15.000 22,300 

ugu t .. .... ...................... 1 .300 29,500 
ptemb r ............. ......... 12.200 2 .000 

Octob r .. .... ...... ........... . 13, 00 29.000 
Total.. ............... .. .. ... 79,300 135.700 

Triton Times. Nov. 14, 1969 



VIETNAM 
CONFLIC~ 

by Jill Salloway 

"'ftPeau de 
I /te4fde a"ed 

l/tautlte~ 
, .. 
• 

'" 

NIXON'S 
WAR 

by Jerome H. Skoklick 
P':fJfessor of Sociology 

Richard M. Nlxon--the "new Nixon"--tlas d",":ltcd "tricky Dick" to the Office 
of the President elf the United States. He did it in an address broadcast to the Amer-
ican public on N)Vember 3,1969. 

The speech bt n with tne President's characteristic s incerity. He said he belived 
that "many Americans have lost confidence in what their government has told them 
about our polic)," He offered a surprising endorsement for serious anti-war protest: 
"The Americar. people cannot and should not be asked to support a pollcy which in-
volves the overriding issues of war and peace unless they know the truth about that 
policy." He described the dreadful situation he found when he took oflice--that there 
had been enormous destruction, waste and death in Vietnam , with no end in sight. 

He said it would have been polltically popular and easy to have ended the war at 
once when he assumed the Presidency, by immediately withdrawing American troops. 
In fact, he said, he had been counseled that this was the only way to avoid allowing 
Johnson's war to become ixon's war . 

And then he once again embraced Johnson's war policy in everyone of its funda-
mental assumptions, and threw in a little threat of repress ion against war protesters 
o stir things up agaln. Like Johnson, Nixonprovirted the American people with a his-

torically inaccurate analysis of US involvement in Vietnam 15 years ago. He claimed 
Plge 10 Triton Times, Nov. 1969 

STOP IT ! 
that North Vietnam, with the help of Communist China and the Soviet Union, had 
launched a campaign to impose a Communist government on South Vietnam. 

Nixon forgot to tell the American people that Vietnam was a French colony, that 
the Vietnamese revolution was, like the American revolution, a colonial revolution, 
and that Vice-President Nixon had sided with the French. 

According to the respected historians, George Kahin and John W. Lewis, "On March 
,1954, the French Chief of Staff, General Paul Ely, informed President Eisenhower 

that only by massive American intervention could France hope ot avert a defeat at 
Dienbienphu. He apparently intimated that without such intervention France would be 
obliged to negotioate asettlement with the Vietnamese. This prospect of a Commun-
ist victory in Vietnam precipitated a major debate within Administration circles in 
Washiilgton ... powerful elements in the Administration, including Vice-President 
Nixon and, somewhat more circumspectly, Secretary of state John Foster Dulles, 
joined Radford in advocating American armed intervention in an attempt to stave oft 
a French defeat." 

President Eisenhower wisely declined to intervene. Presumably, he was reinforced 
in his convictions by the views of Army Chief of Staff, General Matthw B. Ridgeway, 
who later wrote: " ... when the day comes for me to face my Maker and account for my 
actions, the thing I would be most humbly proud of was the fact that I tought against, 
and perhaps contributed to preventing, the carrying out of some harebrained tactical 
schemes which would have cost the lives of some thousands of men. To that list of 
tragic accidents that never happened I would add the Indochina intervention." 

President Nixon also conveniently forgot the Geneva Agreement of 1954, calling for 
unification of the county through free elections. He neglected to tell the American 
people that the elections were refused, not by the North Vietnamese government, but 
by the South Vietnamese Diem regime, which was consolidating dictatorial power. 
After Diem's refusal to hold free elections, guerilla activities escalated. There was 
no invasion by North Vietnamese armies. 

President Nixon embraced Johnson's war because it had been his own for 15 years. 
He was a leading "hawk" in the Eisenhower administration. He continues to be one 
today. 

In his speech, he embraced the "domino theory," a fear of ultimate destruction 
that can be used to justify any hare-brained tactical scheme. 

He put the North Veitnamese on notice that he is wUling to escalate the war, unless 
they agree to his terms. He is lor "Viemamization" of the war--if it works. If it 
doesn't, his "secret timetable" wUl have to be adjusted. 

President Nixon has finally unveiled his " secret" plan for ending tbe war in Viet-
nam, and this plan is fifteen years ahead of its time. By 1984, the American people 
may be prepared to accept Nixon's falsehood and illogic. Right now, all we should 
accept of his speech is the statement that we cannot and should not be asked to sup-
port a policy unless we're told the truth by Our national leadership. 

Can ,the Flowers Bloom if the ~ but as,a corrective measure when receiving specific recurring crlticlsm 01 an instructor. " ~rs Is a pro-fession in which we never had formal training. Most of 
, us learn from experience and our mistakes," 

by Raoul Centre ... 'Buds Blossom? Saltman was in favor of even broader student evalua-tion. He favors student evaluations because it makes 
teaching along with research, publication, etc" an equal 
'requirement for promotion . He was also in favor of 
'setting up a general polling evaluation of courses, classes 
and texts. 

S1Iff Writ.r . 
By order of UC President Charles Hitch, student 

evaluations have now formally become part of the 
'criteria by which instructors are judged for promotion 
or tenure. 

This innovation is the result of a committee formed 
last spring by President Hitch, which included among 
its members University Vice-President Taylor and 
Chancellors Heyns, McGill and Young. The P1rpose was 
to revise the policy by which candidates are considered 
for promotion or appointment. The goals were: 

motion and appointment committees. A new insert into 
. that handbook now makes It "the responsibility of the 
department chairmen to submit meaningful statements, 
accompanied by evidence, including evaluations of the 
candidate solicited from students, concerning the candl-

. date's teaching effectiveness at the lower division, 
upper division, and graduate levels of instruction." 

Chancellor McGill stated that student evaluations were 
necessary to substantiate teaching ability. "In the past, 
the only way of determining ineffective teaching was when 
a Provost contradicted a department chairman's opinion 
regarding a promotion candidate's teaching ab111ty. "P re-
sent plans call for letting the individual departments 
devise their own methods of obtaining student evaluation . 
If after a specific period one method is found superior, 
it will become the general plan for the University. 

, Saltman felt it important that any method of obtaining 
student evaluations discriminate type of student graduate, 
undergraduate, A-student, B-student, etc, He also felt 
evaluation should consider the student who has been out 

'of the University two or three years and had time to 
consider the effect of an instructor. 

1. To redistribute the previous stress on research 
in relation to teaching ability when considering someone 
for promotion. . - McGill tI that if none of these plans succeed 

Among department chairmen, those in favor of student 
evaluations included Dr. Rappaport (History). He felt 
his most pertinent evaluation would come from the 
C-student, while the A-student is good for evaluation of 
material. He also stressed the fact he has used student 
evaluation as a corrective measure. Dr. Rappaport has 
left construction of the e\'aluation questionnaire to under-
graduate students being advised by Professor Chodorow, 2. To try and introduce more teaching ettectiv~ness 

by use of formal student evaluation . . 
3. To consider a candidate'S contributions to public 

service at the local, state, 1.nd national level, in uni-
versity administration, and student-faculty organizations. 

4, Finally to introduce a meaningful statement about 
a professor's ethical responsibilities to his colleagues 
and students in the evaluation procedure for promotion. 

in obtaining meaningful student opinion, it will undoubt-
e<D.y be proposed that students be added to the faculty 
Ad Hoc Committees responsible for considering pro-
motion candidates. "We are opposed to that at present, " 
he said. 

The opinion of department chairmen (among those 
reached for comment) ranged from the enthusiastic 
support of Dr. Rappaport to skepticism on its effective-
ness and necessity by Dr. Mandler ( Psychology). "I 
don't think they tell me much. I know just about every-
thing I have to know about the instructors." 

Essentially these revisions have now been inserted into 
the "Handbook for Faculty Members of the University 
of California," which contains University policy for pro-

Muir Provost Stewart and Revelle Provost Saltman 
agreed with Chancellor McGill on the necessity 01 student 
evaluation, They had both used personally gathered 
student evaluations in gauging an instructor's teaching 
effectiveness in the past. Stewart stressed that he used 
student evaluation not only for considering promotion 

Dr. Stroll (Philosophy) stated that in the past, graduate 
students had evaluated thetr instructors. With the new 
directive the privilege would simply be extended to 
undergraduates. 

ENCOUNTER GROUPS 
Nov. 21 7-ll PM 

WEEKEND GROUPS 
Nov. 22 9 AM - 9 PM 

ONE DAY GROUP 
December 6 9 AM - 9 PM 

Nov. 23 9 AM - 1 PM 

Sponsored by the office of ReligioUIJ Affairs. For further information 
contact Father Ed Donovan --- Enrollment limited - sign up soon!!!!! 

~ 
BEAUTY STORES 

UNIVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOPPING CENTER 
3979 GOVERNOR DR. 
453-0261 

DIANE SHOPPING CENTER 
4702 CLAffiEMONT MESA BLVD. 
272-3242 

COSMETICS 
SHAMPOOS 

WAVES 
HAIR SPRAYS 
WIGS 
WIG SUPPLIES 
GIFTS 

10% Discount with A.S. Card 
on many items 

(for students, faculty and staff only) 

LOS ANGELES-LONDON (round-trip) 
March 29-June 16 11 weeks $255 
June 15-Sept 22 14 weeks $295 
June2l-Aug21 9 weeks $295 
June 22 -Sept 9 11 weeks $295 
July 5-Sept 3 8 weeks $295 
Write of call for application: 

LTS TRAVEL-4246 Overland Ave. 
Cul~er City, 90230 (213) 839-7591 
Marty (714) 755-8850 

UCSD PRESENTS ••• 
MONDAY EVENING CONCERTS, 

a Los Angeles chamber group in an all 
contemporary concert performing the 
works of Gyorgy Ligeti, Karl Kohn and 
Pierre Boulez under the direction of 
Leonard Stein. This Saturday, the 15th, 
at 8:30 p.m. in the UCSD Gym. 

ASUCSD $ 1.50; Faculty/Statf $ 2.25 
.......... .., ................................ . 

VOICES, INC. - a repertory company of 
10 singer-actors who use song, drama, 
dance and connecting narrative to depict 
the Sights, sounds, and inner feelings of 
Black Americans - past and present. 
Saturday, Nov. 22nd, in the UCSD Gym 
at 8:30 p.m. 

ASUCSD $ 2.00; Faculty/Staff $ 3.00 

Ticket information at the Central Box Office, Urey Hall LobJ>y 
Hours: 10:00 - 4:00 Phone: 453-6151 

THANKSGIVING DINNER 
SERVED FROM NOON TO 9 :00 P.M. 
Fresh Fruit Cocktail 

Srnoked Salmon 
M a1'inated Herring 

Chopped Chicken Liver 
Fruit Juice 
Relish Tray 

F1'ench Onion Soup au Gratin 
C"eam of Chicken a la Reine 

or 
Tossed G1'een Salad 

Roast Tom Turkey, Chestnut Dressing 
Giblet Gravy Cranberry auce 

8.95 
Virginia Baked Ham 

• 3.95 
Roast P1'ime Rib of Beef au Jus 

Yorkshi1'e Pudding 
5.50 

Petit Filet Mignon, Onion Rings 
5.35 

BToiled Catalina Swordfish 
Caper ButteT, Lemon Sauce 

4.1,.5 
Candied Sweet Potatoes Snowflake Potatoes 

Baked Banana Squash 
G,'een Peas with Mush1'00 nts 

DESSERTS 
Pumpkin Pie Hot Mince Pie, Bmndy auce 

/ceC'I'eam 
F1'Uit J etto, Whipped CTeam 

BEVERAGES 
Coffee Tea or Milk 

BUFFET 
SERVED IN THE VILLAGE 

CELLAR FROM NOON 'TIL 9 :00 P.M. 

Turkey or Virginia Baked Ham 
3.50 

(Children's Plat 2.25) 

~da,\~~ 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE AT INTERSTATE 5 

FOR RESERVATIONS CALL 453-5500 

by Beth 
Lyons Staff Writer 

. 

This week all students should 
have received a packet in the 
mail containing the forms for 
Winter Quarter registration. The 
packets should contain eight sep-
arate IBM cards which must be 
completely filled out for proper 
enrollment. Aside from the stu-
dent 1.0. card, candidacy for de-
gree and pre fer r. ed program 
card, there are c.ards for social 
information, vocational interest, 
housing and transportation, and 
Dean of Student Affairs infor-
mation. Information given on 
these cards will remain confiden-
tial, to be used for Registrar's 
records and surveys only (with 
the exception of the dean's card, 
which is used to make up the stu-
dent directory, and the draft in-
formation card). 

Preferred program cards must 
be signed by the campus provost 
or the student's advisor. In this 
sense, the system is very rigid. 
Jl a student has a problem in 
obtaining either Signature, he 
must take his problem to the 
Registrar's office in person. 
Even then, without an advisor, 
a junior or senior might not be 
enrolled. One student last quar-
ter, attempting to change his ma-
jor and unable to do so until he 
had completed a prerequisite 
course, found himself registered 
but enrolled in no class. Bureau-
cratic hangups like this seem 
inevitable in a computerized en-
rollment system, but spokesmen 
for the Registrar's office claim 
that, for a campus the size of 
UCSD, there is no better way. 

Jl any student fall s to receive 
his registration materials by to-
day, he should check with the 
Registrar's office. In the same 
ortice, information can be ob-
tained about inter-campus visitor 
applications, w h i c hare now 
available for the Winter Quarter. 

Class schedules are already 
on sale in the bookstore, and 
students are urged to complete 
their preferred program cards 
as soon as possible in order to 
be certain of getting the classes 
they want. 

FOR SALE: .~ 6 VW. Blue. '63 
40 hp engine. Tach, radio, re-
cently overhaul~d trans. and re-
wired elec. system. Chrome 
wheel O'.'CTG. c...,\.; J ir" ',vt!UJ.,.i5 
at 457 Argo or leave message 
at 453 6387. 
FOR SALE: 1962 Alla Romeo 
Spyder. 26mpg. goo1 condition. 
Call Jim Ruppel, 755 7268 or 
see it at 1911 Co.'\st, Del Mar, 
Children' ponies for lease by 
day or month. Buckoes Camp . . 
453 1643 or 453 3143. 

Triton Times. Nov. 14, 1969 PI" 11 



tritol tiD1es 
THR AlfTI 
~ John W. Moore Book Reviewer 

RUNNING AGAINST THE MACHINE, a grass-roots race for the 
New York Mayorality, edited by Peter Manso, Doubleday, 313 pages. 

In case you were in Tibet this past spring, Norman Maller. a 
bright Jewish boy from Brooklyn. and Jim my Breslin. a fat Irishman, 
l'1li for Mayor and City Council President of Lindsay's "Fun City. " 
In memor iam, Peter Manso and Doubleday have presented us with 
a hodge-podge volume of speeches, interviews, newspaper clippings; 
touching reminiscences by suburban housewives of both sexes; re-
productions of campaign posters. and other pertinent documents for 
collectors of Mailernalia. 

Unfortunately, the book catches Mailer in the least witty, l~ast 
intelligent, least obscene, least beautiful, and/or least brilhant 
escapade of his public career. Mailer decided to ~e a serious 
candidate for the office of Mayor of New York. And serious he was. 
He was personall y serious. The campaign was not another Mailer 
put-on. He was morally serious; what he said was true--New Y~rk 
is caught in the stranglehold of the Twentieth Century' s technologlcal 
II:IIIll0tine, as no other place on this God-forsaken earth. 

And. finall y, he was both sodially serious and lucid--"Only 
radical change wiJI bring an end to the seemingly unmanageable 
problems of New York." In addition, one must say, all of Mailer's 

iriarBGliU1 
I Rill'''. 

.'1 II 
\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\lIl11l1lllllll11""""""IIII11I1I11I11I1I111 

l\WUDRIX 
\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\1\1\\\\ 11\1\1\ 11111111111111111111' II'" 1I1II1I1II/tIIl 

""'~ ItEltl"Nf; \\ \ \I \II \ \\1"\\11\111 \1\\111111\1111111 """"1111/" ,,1//11//1/11/1 
VlNILtl FIJlJ6E 

\1\1\\\\111111111111111111 1I111111l1l1ll1J1J 111"""11111111111 

JoeC.drer 
II 1111111111111111111111111111111111111110111'" 11,11'111/',' 

TRAFFIC 
\\\111111111111111111111111111 ""11 11111111111111111" ~!~'~I!r~ 
IRiO BURDON 
11111111111111111111111111111 N 1111111111111111111111111111111 

.A.C.A.D E 1V.I Y 
3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284-1000 

• p~ •• 12 TritoD Tinn, N."J 14:.eI9 

Lessons for 
the .' 
Suburban Left 
inferences and implications were true; I.e., if New York canno~ 
solve the problems of race. congestion, ai.r pollution, neo-Nazl 
architecture, and a totalitarian and grossly meffectual eduC!-~ional 
system. no other city on earth is likely to do so either. But. and it 
is a monumental BUT, in any final analysis, the campaign was a joke. 

The lesson of this book lies mostly in what Maller forgot. He 
forgot (or probably never koew) the realities of seeking and gaining 
public office in America. He seemed to think that. because he was 
committed to thinking in public instead of just going through the 
motions and mouthing the traditional banalities. he could dispense 
with the day- in-and-day-out dull. hard. demeaning work of seeking 
public power. 

The Ust is enough to make anyone wllo both wanted Mailer to 
win and knew something about politics, cry. First; MaUer refused 
to get into the campaign early enough to round up the one million 
dollars necessary to seriously seek high public office in New York. 

Secondly, again because he thought one could start running for 
public office on day one of the official public campaign, he never 
assembled the thousands of volunteers that are the lite-blood of 
any successful political effort. -

Where one kept asking himself all last spring, were the thousands 
of Kenn~dy kids' the McCarthy youth brigades; the housewives 

, h ? and young professionals; the teeny-boppers and welfare mot ers . 
Nowhere. Mailer's grass-roots campaign dried up before it was 
conceived because it had neither roots nor green. 

Accordingly Mailer's dream of a left-conservative political 
movement caPable of recovering the "American Dream" is now 
just another dream. Lying fallow in the political limbo of "what 
could be" is Mailer's hope that we could recognize that the Right 
is right when they mutter that an individual has to accomplish 
something by his own efforts to amount to anything in his own 
eyes; and that the Left is right when they say that the state has. to 
assist those who have been victimized. The left-conservatlve 
coalition now waits for someone willing to work at politics 365 days 
a year; work to cement ties, argue ideas. form alliances, arouse 
interest. . .found a movement. Mailer is writing another book. 
Maybe he'll give us another eight weeks, four years from now. 

or course tltere is something to thank Candidate Mailer for--
he brought into public discussion the whole problem of rethinking 
the electoral divisions of the Republic. It is to his credit that 
New Yorkers will continue to weigh whether or not the state 
boundaries should be redrawn to enable those who have problems 
to at least recover the taxes they spend. instead of sending them to 
Mississippi to support the Eastland plantation or to Viet Nam to 
support Ky-Theiu Enterprises. 

We might well be thankful that Mailer-Breslin managed to scrape 
together over 40,000 votes for taking a systematic and intelligent 
approach to the problems of urban transportation; public housing; 
and returning power to people rather than vesting it in bureau-
cracies. Most of all we can thank him for having pointed out, for 
two months of the past spring, that the political "leaders" of this 
nation who now are so eager to solve "our" problems are the very 
people who created those problems; because of a constant catering 
to special interests and a chronic, and perhaps fatal, lack qf SOCial, 
political and moral inaglnation. 

The Maller-Breslin campaign is a lesson to serious people con-
cerned with the hopeless Ills of modern America. It is a lesson 
in programs and platforms, a lesson in integrity and plain talk; 
but, unfortunately, it is also a lesson that the high-minded suburban 
Left seems congenitally incapable of learning--that winning a 
political struggle requires far more than talk, it requires work, 
the day-to-day drab, hard, dull work of building a political aware-
ness and focusing on the electorai alternatives that promise a way 
out of the wilderness. 

Possibilities 
Possibilities 

James Oliver Buswell IV, 23-
year-old violin virtuoso. gleaned 
rave reviews from the press and 
ovations and cheers from his 
audiences on his cross-country. 
50-city tour last season. UCSD 
students will be able to hear this 
exciting young man in concert 
Friday at 8:30 p.m. in Sherwood 
Hall, La Jolla. 

Buswell. who made his first 
publlc appearance at the age of 
seven at the Brooklyn Academy 
of Music, has already performed 
as soloist with most of the major 
symphony orchestras. He is pre-
sently an undergraduate at Har-
vard. carrying a full time sched-
ule during the week, and going 
on tour on weekends. 

Following his concert with the 
Vancouver Symphony in 1968, 
a Vancouver Sun reviewer re-
ported: "He was by far the most 
exciting young violinist I have 
heard in ten years. This young 
virtuoso. . .not only has super-
natural command of his violin 
and a gloriously lumirious tone. 
but he al so feels the music right 
down to the bottom of his sou1." 

Buswell's repertoire consists 
of all the major concertos. in-
cluding Beethoven; Brahms; 
Mendelssohn; Lalo; Sibelius; 
stravinsky; Glazounov; Mozart; 

Barber; Tcha!kovslcy and many 
others. His program for Friday 
night wUJ include Beethoven's 
"Sonata in A Major, Opus 30. 
No.1;" "First Sonata in D mi-
nor, Opus 75" by camille Salnt-
Saens; Ravel's "Sonata for Vio-
lin and Plano;" Webern's "Vier 
stucke (Four Pieces), Opus 7;" 
and "Nouvelle Fantaisle sur des 
Themes de Faust: Gounod" by 
Pablo Sarasate. 

. Tickets for the performance may 
be obtained at the UCSD Box 
ottice in the lobby of Urey Hall . 
General admission is $3.50. 

.--... ---------1 FDI'E ARTS 1818 GARNET STREET 274·4000 
mn1\1 lllD 1~~ BIP~rI1 
~FHn Jnl~ l~]S l~ ~~lJ l~~ UD'f~. ~D~ 

EIGHT MILES HIGH (3') 

TOWERS OPEN FIRE (10') 
ev N ~L.t . M 'U R~OtJG H S 

SUPER·ARTIST. 
AHOY WARHOL (n ' ) 

FIREWORKS (15') ~ 
ltV KE NNET" ANGf" 

" The best-known 111m from the 
lus l ~ars of tnus .vant-garae 
resurgence _ perhaps because it 
was tnemosl shocking - dealing 
Qu i te specifically and openly 
with the then-IOt'bldden lneme 01 I 
homose-.uality " - Playboy Mag-
az ine 

ABEL GANCE, YESTERDAY 
AND TOMORR OW (18') 

B'f N E~L Y K APLA N 
" Actuall y. Ganee was always 

big on org ies His 1915 version 
01 ' Lucrezla BOfg ia: fa- eX8~ 
pie . was replete With High Aen-
alssance 't'Olupluanes I' their 
favorite pursu its - nude bathing 
en masSI , followed vaal ban-

lun and 

Saturday 
M idnight 

Nov . IS 

. " 

" 

by 

,,0+ 1 
'~,Jly' 
Bright ••• 

~e YOU? 

Jeff Fried 
Arts Writer 

It • •• and the aged run out on 
a rusty spur."--Ferlingbetti. 

"The Comic" is a bittersweet 
reminder of where we are, and 
where we are going. Dick Van 
Dyke is Billy Bright. TheComic; 
Michele Lee is his wife and Mic-

. key Rooney is his friend and co-
worker. 

Billy arrives in Hollywood In 
the twenties, a successful vaude-
vllle performer. Entering a film 
company and meeting Miss Lee. 
and successful with both, he mar-
ries. starts his own company, 
and lJIickly prospers. He does 
not do as well, however, with his 
marriage. BllIy has a roving 
eye and hands to match, and on 
the night of his greatest success 
he is served as the correspon-
dent in his producer's divorce 
suit. His wife leaves him; his 
life falls apart; he finds alco-
hol; loses his family; and slides 
out of the tum industry. 

We next find Billy as an old 
man lost in the new world that 
he finds himself in. He still 
believes that his type of humor 

Evenings 7 & 9;10 p.m, 
YUL BRYNNER 

RS The C'hnlrrnan 

DANNYKAYE. 
Inf The itngllickc r 

. KATHARINE HEPBURNas 
r The 1 

or 
GHIlILLOT 

is what the people want. Trying 
for a comeback, he regains some 
of his stature and Is used as 
a "star" In commercials. How-
ever, age finally overtakes him, 
and he falls lll. He makes a 
moderate recovery but can no 
longer remain active. While re-
covering he has a meeting with 
his son that shows his alienation 
with the community. He becomes 
an even more pathetic figure, 
eating his boiled eggs and get-
ting up at three in the morning 
to watch his old movies on tele-
vision. He dies. 

"The Comic," whilefUledwith 
stereotypes and Cliches, does 
have something heavy at Its core. 
It teUs us that we will all be 
placed on that "rusty spur," that 
we will all be Billy Brights, 
that we will all be relegated to 
the mental graveyard. 

The picture is one long flash-
back; it opens with Billy's fun-
eral. OUtside the chapel, a man 
stops and asks who died. When 
told. he thinks awhile and re-
plies, "But I thought he was' 
dead already." How many people 
do we mentally kill before they 
die? OUr parents are usuall y 
the first to go, and once we' ve 
started there is no stopping us. 
The more people we eliminate, 
the easier it becomes ; the less 
conscious effort it requires. 

When Bllly enters the hospi-
tal his nurse treats him as if 
he were a child. He responds with 
the accepted replies, not his ac-
cepted replies. but our accepted 
replies. We have set up a stan-
dard for our aged. a rigid set 
of rules that demand complete 
compllance; rules that are fol-

lowed out of fear, fear of de-
sertion, fear of being alone. 

True, Billy's head was nOl 
completely in the age in which 
he found himself. He could not 
accept or reI ate to certain 
changes that seemed to have been 
sprung upon him. But why Is this 
important, why do we set our-
selves up as petty gods and de-
cide that no deviation from our 
norm is acceptable? Why do we 
equate this deviation in the aged 
with senility? Why do we say 
that that old fool is out of step 
with the times and therefore 
must be scrapped? How Is it 
possible that we can deceive our-
selves from the truth, what to 
some is the "Horrible Truth," 
that we are all destined to be 
Bllly Brights? rn fact, we may 
already be Billy Brights In some-
body's eyes; the eyes of our 
younger brothers and sisters. 
r am not saying that age de-
serves veneration for age's sake 
itself, for it does not; oot nei. 
ther does it deserve condem-
nation out of hand. 

When Billy meets his son after 
years of separation, we can see 
the trap that we are prone to fall 
into. Billy precondemns his son, 
we precondemn him. Billy finds 
his son to be effeminate; this is 
something he cannot understand, 
so he lashes out at it. When his 
son leaves, Bi1ly's friend turns 
and says, "He will make you a 
grandfather soon." Billy's re-
ply: "Don't hold your breath." 

Perhaps the problem lies right 
here; both we and our "Billys" 
need to hold our breath a little 
more often . 

Star . Spangled 
Girl by Larry Johnson ArtJ Writer 

Framed by the filigreed branches of the soaring eucalyptus trees, 
. the Moorish tower can be seen, a beautiful vision, shining in the night. 
At one Side the moon is just clearing the trees, adding its own touch to 
the magic scene. This is Balboa Park atnight, home of the Old Globe 
Theatre. How ' can one help arriving at the theater in a good mood? 
We park and stroll to the theater through the Alcazar Gardens, or, 
an even beUer idea, we stop and have a before-dinner drink at the 
Cafe del Rey Moro. A three-minute's amble from the theater, its 
charming Moorish architecture and its terrace overlooking the park 
make it an ideal spot. Yes, the action on stage is only part of the fun 
at the Globe. 

World famous for its summer Shakespeare Festival. the Globe also 
offers very enjoyable entertainment dur ing the winter season. 
Recently r saw their prodUction of Neil Simon' s " The Star-Spangled 
Girl." It involves two young publishers of a struggling protest 
magazine and their adventures with a good-looking but rather conser-
vative female athlete. Don' t look for any great messages here; it's a 
frothy comedy devoted to being fun, which it is. 

Duke Daybert, a familiar on the local scene, was a s tandout as 
Andy Hobart, the beleaguered publisher who has to go to hilarious 
lengths to stand off creditors and keep his one-man wr iting staff 
prodUCing. Wayne Smith as Norman, the one-man staff, has a flar e 
for comedy, though he sometimes overdoes it. 

Craig Noel. the director, kept the play moving very well. There is 
little that displeases as much as a fast comedy that isn' t fas t. 

Shelly steorts was good but not polished as Sophie, the attract ive 
home-spun patriot and Olympic swimmer . She has a gift for comedy, 
though she plays it always at a high peak of intenSity, leaving her 
nothing to peak out with. 

The Old Globe and its companion theater, the Cassius Carter 
Centre stage (adjacent to it in the park), will be presenting a fine 
theater season, both comic and serious--often both. Next is "The 
Skin of Our Teeth." opening Nov. 25, which presents a humorous 
yet serious view of American life and its aspirations. "The Royal 
Gambit," opening Dec. 4 at the Cassius Carter stage (the old 
Falstaff Tavern), is a romantic and amusing insight into the life 
of Henry VIII. 

QQmille 2ggg 
does her thing ••• everything. 

"Radley Metzger scores his greatest 
triumph to date with 'Camille 2000'. 
An opUlent, thrill-filled modly degenerate 
wealthy, promiscuous world populated 
by beautiful ~en, stacked playgirls and 
orgies of considerable imagination 
and eve~ greater transparency. 
It is the same 80rt of ludicrous fantasy 
dished out by Ian Flemming and James 

only with less violence and more sex' J 
- San Ffllncisco Chronicle 

..... ,., DAni~l .. Gllub .. rt . NIn" ( ·"~l"III""\"" . EASTMANCOLOR 

PIN'E: A.R~S 
1818 GARNET STREET 274-4000 

rrillNt T ..... Iw. M, ,.89 ..... 13 



MIXED 
people meet 
and talk 

MEDIA 
or sing 
or plan 
to meet aga in; 
meet with them, too--
it is good to be together. 

it is good to sing together 
in a church, sometimes 
to sha r e hy mns, 
and to li s ten. 
this sunday, the chamber chorus 
will sing in the mo:'ning 
(at 10 a.m. worship) 
in univers ity church 
on la jolla shores drive 
near the west edge of r evelle . 

it is good to do things together 
especiall y in the snow. 
this wednesday, the ski club 
and ski team 
will look at fil ms 
and talk of tr ips to be made 
and tea m activities 
(at 7:30 p.m. in hI auditor ium). 

It is good to worship together 
to close the sabbath with prayer. 
the jewish havdalah 
every saturday night 
will be sung ar ound the candle 
in traditional fashion 
will be followed by laughter 
and s inging and eating 
and dancing by a fire on the beach. 
call mike or al br andy 
(their phon!! is 453 58844). 

it Is good to be indians togeth.er-
to meet with pride in our herItage. 
american indians will band together 
on monday (at 7:30) 
in the physics and chemistry building 
in room 3405. 
you could talk aboJt it first 
with larry baca, 
at 453-6865. 

it is good to work together 
to help someone (or many) . 
to volunteer, perhaps 
for monday nights 
(from 6 to 9:30) 
assisting planned parenthood 
in checking in patients 
for their clinic in the health center. 
learn to help others. 
call mrs. r ice in the heal th center . 

i t i, gO'::' t.') Inow that 
cares what we think. 
p. e. zinner cares--
and he's thp chairman of a special com-

mittee which will consi~er 
of the relationship between 
the univers ity system 
and the r esearch laboratories 
at livermore and los alamos. 
and they want to know how you feel, 
as par t of the univer sity. 
if you only 
contact professor zinner 
at uc davis 
in the academic senate office 
(phone 916 752 2233). 

it is good to care about something 
enough to fight it together . 
carlos legerette is fighting 
for the farm workers, 
is talking of " huelga" 
of striking 
of fighting the grape growers . 
he will show a film 
call ed "decision at delano" 
on nov.20 
at 7:30 
in USB 2622, 
and will talk of his cause 
with all who come listen. 

it can be good to work together, 
to work for someone, perhaps 
like the unicorn, 
a minor ity theater 
who needs someone to post posters 
monthly, to distribute arulOuncements 
quarterly, and to tell the people 
when a film shown will concern them . 
for one who will do this, 
free admiss ion will be given 
to all fil ms, and an honorary 
membership in the unicorn film society. 
apply yourself to harold leigh 
(4594343) . 

THE 

ASSOCIATED 
STUDENTS 

PRESENT 

it is good to learn about yourself 
together with others . 
vocational groups will meet 
three Urnes 
in three weeks 
to help students select a ca r eer, find 
personal inter ests, 
understand aptitudes, 
become aware of opportunities. 
if you want to be part of thi s 
growing and learning 
conceriiing yourself-with your work 
and your futu r e, 
call ext . 2401 
and sign up for program. 

it is good to learn about yourself 
as distinct from all others . 
paul donetti would teach you 
what he knows about life 
(psychology 
physiology 
education 
would give you experience 
of yourself. 
he will be guest-In-residence 
at Beagle hall 
next week; he 
will talk with people 
at 7:30 each night. 

mpet with them 
you 
might get yourself together. 

-

.at t ~ e coffee hut. SATURDAY, NOV. 15 
fr iday . nov . 14 special attrtu .. tion 

saturday , nev . 15 Ray's Blues Band 

wednesday , nov . 19 
' IT CAME FROM OUTER 
SPACE' plus 'PERILS OF 

all ente r tainment s tarts at 9 p._m_. _ __ _ 
PAULINE # 8 

'MONDAY EVENING CONCERTS' 
GYWIASIUM 8:30 P.M. 

The Monday Evening Coacerts of Los Angeles will make their first 
San Dlego appearance performing Gyorgy Ligeti' s " Aventures" and 

. "Nouve lles Aventures"; Karl Kohn's " Rhapsodies for Marimba, 
Vibraphone, and Percussion" and "Sonatine for Flute and Piano" 
by Pierre Boulez. Under the directioJ of Leonard stein. 
$1.50 ST UDENTS . $2.25 FACULTY & STAFF . $3.00 GEN· AD 

Friday, Nov . 14 
a.s. films Cape Fear 

usb2722 1:30 

•••••••••••••• 
Ulysses 

Page 14 Triton Tlnls. Nov. 1~, 1969 

"'-

calendar 
Friday, Nov. 14 
VI ETNAM MORATORIUM 
DAY 
7 :30pm " UlYSses," and " Cape 
Fear " USB2722. 50 cents. 
8 :00'pm Poet Conflux, an 0-
pen reeding, Informal Lounge. 
8 :00pm Water Polo with San 
Fernando Valley, natatorium. 
9 :00pm Entertainment ii 
Ie Coffee Hut. 

Saturday, Nov. 15 
10 :30am Soccer with Cal Poly 
et soccer field. 

. , 

7 :00pm Merrled Students 
Assoc. PotlUCk, Mad. School 
lounge. 
8 :30pm Leonard Stein, Gym. 
9 :00pm Entertalnmant ... 
la Coffee Hut. 

Sundav. Nov. 16 
7 : 30pm "Halluclnetlons" at 
US82722. 

Monday, Nov. 17 
12 :00 noon AS Senate meets, 
MC· ll1A 
2 :00pm Cross Country Flnels 
7 :00pmSOS, HL1148. 
7 :00pm UCSO 8agpipe Band. 
2A-2101 
7 :OOpm Panel of Military Re-
cruiters, Med. School 2100 . 
7 :30pm Org. of American In· 
d ians, Physics and Chemistry 
Bldg.. room 3405. 

Tuesday, Nov. 18 
3 : 30pm Water Polo with Lo· 
rna Linda, natatorium. 
7 :00pm Alpha Phi Omega, 
440 Argo. 
7 :OOpm Black Students Coun· 
set, 2A, 2301. 
7 :OOpm Christian Science 
Org., Informal Lounge. 
7 :00pm University Folkdan· 
cers, 3'2W MC. 
Wednesday, Nov. 19 
6 :30pm Alpha Sigma Phi, 
US83060. 
6 :30pm Friends of Resistanco, 
In Lower Blake Lounge. 
7 :00pm Ski Club, HL Aud . 
7 :30pm World Federalist 
Youth, Blake. 
8 :00pm MECHA, USB3020. 
9 :00pm "Perils of Pauline" 
and " Punchy Cow Punchers," 
Coffee Hut. 
Thursdav, Nov. 20 
3 :00pm Cross Country with 
Cal Tech. 
7 :00pm Russian Club, Lang. 
Lounge. 
7 :30pm Libertarian Alliance. 
USB3060. 
7 :30pm " Decl.lon at Delano" 
In US82722. 
8 :00pm SIMS Introductory 
locture, USB3070. 
8 :30pm Trident Christian Fel· 
lowship, 8854 Nottingham PI. 

Fridav, Nov. 21 
7 :30pm "Citizen Kana" and 
"Captain Spanky" , USB2722. 
50 centl. 
8 :30pm Jam •• Ollvar Buswell 
IV (violin) , SharwoOd Hall. 
8 :30pm Free Dance in Revelle 
Cafeter". 

triton ·tiInes 
r.ItTI 

Rougher than 
by 1I0Io GooIIr ...... _ . Rug by 

"] persooally don't think that this school deserves an inter-
collegiate football team," Mike Fagan, team captain of UCSD's 
football team told me, and he proceeded to explain why. 

"There is a phobia among the academic community at this uni-
versity that football is going to dominate athletics here; that an 
intercollegiate football program would intimidate the Registrar's 
Office into ~ggling schedules and the admissions office into using 
the two per cent rule to let in vicious animals not qualified for this 
school," he continued. 

This unreasonable "phobia" made it very difficult on last year' s 
(and UCSD's only) intercollegiate football team, and Fagan along 
with many other ex-football players rightfully resent It. 

This attitude was a major factor in putting the team in the position 
best described In the followlng words of team members: "We were 
going to lose every game of every season for the first five years, 
and we knew It. When you have a chance to win you don't mind going 
all out, but we didn't even have a chance." 

Fagan outlined the brief, lII-fated history of UCSD's football 
team. Two years ago the school decided that they wanted a football 
team, Other teams ~ere scheduled, and the prevailing attitude 
was, "Wow, everyone's eligible, let·s have fun and go out for 
football. " 

But for a first-year ball club even the easier teams on the 
schedule were tough competition, so that of the 30 team members, 
only about 15 were good enough to play. This meant playing both 
offense and defense, which was just too demanding for a solid team 
effort over four quarters. 

It was off the playing field that the big problems arose, however. 
Encouraged by the prospect of sizable private donations to the foot-
ball team that had been offered, the football team soon found out 
that the Associated Students and many other campus organizations 
were suddenly worried about football taking over the school. 

While the football team was out los ing every game, the athletic 
department and the AS were afraid that UCSD was headed towards 
big-time athletics. A referendum about financial aid to athletes ' 
(called "preferential aid," even though many athletes had r eal 
financial needs, which was what the athletes as a whole were trying 
to stress) was overwhelmingly defeated, even denying the athletes 
the promised private donations. 

"When the discussion came to a head, the AS president brought 
a copy of the question to the football team. The football team replied 
that the question as it was was totally unacceptable, and we suggested 
modifications that were not incorporated at all. The rough meaning 
of the question voted on ended up, 'Do you want mercenary animal-
type athletes at UCSD or not?' " Fagan noted. 

He continued, "What really made everyone mad was the way 
football players and athletes in general were generalized and 
classified without anyone personally knowing them." He pointed 
with pride to the fact that, "Everyone on the team got into this 
university just like everyone else--on their grades. There's not one 
guy who came here just to play football." 

Fagan recalls "Some little kid came up to me once and called me 
a reactionary fasc ist pig just because r had short hair and a letter-
man's jacket." With things like this happening, and their one chance 
to improve overwhelmingly crushed by the referendum vote, aJl . the 
football team had to look: forward to was • 'four more seasons m a 
row without a victory and people thinking it funny when we lose to 
Cal Tech," said Fagan. 

Add to thls the fact that some colleges were going to refuse to 
schedule games with UCSD because Its enrollment was getting too 
big (while the same players played both offense and defense because 
there weren't enough players on the team good enough to face even 
small colleges), and you may get a feeling for the resentment of the 
football players. 

"Who wants to bash his head in when you have no chance to win?" . 
. members of the football team concurred. So when last year's spring 
practice season rolled around, hardly anyone showed up and the 
football program was discontinued. 

While looking back at the big-time athletics scare of last year, 
when all football players were suspect, Fagan summed up his 
feelings about football: "Football players are just as sensitive to 
contemporary issues as anyone; they justliketop~ay~~otball is all." 

A POX ON -DR. MAX 
"God Is My Witness" 

I knew it would come, and I 
was just waiting. Patiently wai t-
ing, like an animal ready to 
spring on Its prey . Oh yes, Amer-
ica, I have waited long enough, 
and now this victory belongs to 
me. 

I prayed for it every night. 
One day, I knew, Dr. Max 
Rafferty would slip, and would 
be in my clutches. Everyone 
else attacks him. The educational 
writer did, the editors did, and 
the feature editor did, too. Sports 
writer s had to wait. 

But r knew that one day. Uncle 
Max would slip and say some-
thing, with his usual aslninerea-
soning. about sports. And then 
the hatchet would fall. 

n has come, gang, It has come. 
The Oct. 30 edition of The Dally 
Californian, on page 4, 1st col-
umn, says, "Our very own Dr. 
Max Rafferty ..• said that critics 
of organized football are 'kooks, 
crumbums, and commies. . . 
hairy loudmouth beatniks.' " 

You are a stupid man, Max. 
You are so blind to change, I 
can't believe It. And you cal] 
yourself an educator!! There are 
so many examples to prove your 
stupidity, that it would take this 
entire paper to list them. Let' s 
take just one example, from this 
very week, too, to show you 
about organized football. 

News item (trom last week' s 
S.D. Union); " The athletic di-
rector of Notre Dame yesterday 
squelched any thought of a post-
season game between the Irish 
and unbeaten Ohio state, to bene-
fit the hepatitis-stricken Holy 
Cross College football team .. . 
NCAA rules prohibit colleges 
to play any more than. 10 games 
except for a bowl game, and the 
Big Ten allows its members to 
play onl y in the Rose Bowl. . . 
The game had been proposed as 
one means of raislng funds for 
Holy Cross, forced to cancel 
the remainder of its 1969 sea-
son this month when hepatitis 
sidelined the squad after only 
two games." 

What can I say, Max? Is this 
what organized football means? 
Everyone In the country wants 
Notre Dame to play Ohio State. 
and the money would go, to say 
the least, to a humanitarian in-
terest, which is a great Image 
for football to get. 

Listen, Max, open your eyes . 
Ohio State and NotreDamearen't 
going to play because of some 
stupid rules made too long ago. 
Ohio State can ' t go to any other 
bowl this year because It won 
the Big Ten last year and can' t 
go to the Rose Bowl even It 11 
wins the Big Ten again this 
year; and the Big Ten (as pre-
viously stated) doesn' t allow Its 
members to play in any other 
bowl games . And Notre Dame 
never plays in bowl games any-
way, for some reason (I heard 
that It' s because the administra-
tion doesn' t want to emphasize 
football--hah!!) . 

Yes, folks, it was the athl etic 
director of Notre Dame, when 

asked if the ]rlsh could play 
an extra game to help some sick 

,men, who said, "That would be 
impossible ." 

Max, this is organizedfootbal l. 
You dig? 11 Is organized football 
that Is screwing a lot of school s. 
and a lot of people. The mon-
ster stops at nothing to Infect 
America. That makes you an 
accomplice, Max, for supportlng 
crimes a g a i n s t mankind. You 
think football Is just Saturday 
afternoon entertainment. 

But you know about the new 
UCB press box that cost a halt-
million dollars. Did you know that 
the EOP program at Berkeley 
has no money left? Answer the 
questions, Max. Do you have an y 
good answers? 

I think not. You ar e guilty, 
Dr , Raffer ty, and if I wer e you, 
I'd become par t of the solu tion 
real fast. 

That's organized football, Max. 
Now it's your tu rn. The defense 
rests. 

Soccer is a fast and demanding sport. Here can be seen 
some of the reasons why it is an international favor ite . 

I om motivated by 
YES NO 
00 
00 

0 0 
00 

00 

00 
CD 
00 
00 

00 

1. 
2. 

3. 
4. 

5. 

6. 
7. 
8. 
9. 

10. 

Low-COSI travel informo ion. 
20·25"/. discounls on cameros, cossette 
recorders, camping and ski equipment. 
Passport and customs directions. 
A mogozlne with these articles Bully 
Salnte·Mar-e on Indians, tribol people, ond 
ahernal-ves / voodoo praclices In Bahia I 
how to have fun in Montreol / Hawaii's 
secret places. 
Free Internatlonol sweepstokes trips 
(I could win .) 
In clothes and outrageous fashions . 
An identifico ion cord that opens doors. 
A mod Sun·Sign horoscope. 
A mod Ski Mop of Ihe U. S. and serious tipS 
on skiing Europe. 

CHECK 
THIS OUT: 

An organization and elUyGO.ng rrn . 
aZlne 10 lell me where It all IS ond haw to 
lOin 10 

10 ··YES·· ANSWERS meon yol,; need 
STUDENT WORLD SAFARIS bodl 

ANSWER 
YES or NO 

5 or rrore mean you are reall" readv . 
Only I? Forget It 

*TRAVEL QUOTIENT, of course 
-- - - ------ - - - ---- -- - --- - - --- - f - --- --- - - - - - - r;o; 00& ~:i-NOW - ---- - - - - -- --

MEMBERSHIP IN I STUDENT WORLD SAFARIS 
STUDENT WORLD SAFARIS : 3345 WI LSHIRE BOUl£VARD 

ANSWERS All 10 TRAVEL : LOS ANGElES, CALIFOR IA 90005 
QUESTIONS AND MORE. : I wont a ll m mbership benefits 

I ond eG.yGOm9 magazine. 
6 ISSUES OF COLORFUL 

eGsyGO.ng MAGAZINE 
WRITTE N BY EASY WRITE RS 
FO R PEOPLE ON THE MOVE. 

JOIN NOW W HILE IT'S 
STILL O NLY $6 

'PIl'o,e P,in,) 

Add .... 

Stole 

Sc ~ool 

l.p Code 

E ''1<. )Sf"d 
O S. Co,h 

\ 6 Chl'c. 
w 0 Money 

Order 
OS I",. 

, yo" enclOI. 
poy'" nl. put 
dO l' of birl" 

lor horosc ope . 

Triton Tines, Nov. 14, 1919 PI .. 15 



P • . (P 2) way than that of the lemmiDp. Dr. Jonas Salk has lsuggested that man P"plt I atiln Irt To "know" a problem Is mt enough. 
bas an innate mec hinism to regulate To define a problem Is only step one. 
the rate of his po?ulation growth. A R . d A S If Reg u I at,' n 9 Sometimes problems are never solved. 
paper pro?Qsing thi.S idea was read ' e q u ,re - e - Considering the logisticsofreachingevery 
at a gathering of not ~ biologists not long person capable of procreation that is 
ago. The paper was grepted with little Growth Mac h in e ignorant of this basic source to his 
enthusiasm. sickness, malnourishment, social ostra-

If man does have such a mechanism, cism, psychic apprehension and general 
biologists are looking for evidence of chaos are some ot the most unhappy 
its working effectively. There is no by Cllyton Becker, ., library Ass't specters since the beginning of life on 
such evidence. The world is now over- earth! 
populated. There is not the slightest The conclusion most evident is that 
evidence the rate of population growth in Denmark, and in Norway. They are irregular. we have on earth a forest composed of 
(taken effectively everywhere on earth) four to fiv~ inch long rodents noted for Man has something else that is innate. too many people. Do we wish to go up 
is abating. their devastating migrations. In over- Something he claims is much less recog- in smoke like a swarm of locusts, or 

There is another way of considering abundant numbers, they periodically dash nizable in other living things. This in- breed ourselves into a situation like that' 
a regulatory population device innate in to the sea, swim out until exhausted, then nate faculty is a measure of reasoned I facing the lemming? How animal! One 
man. Perhaps Dr. Salk is referring drown. This mass suicide certainly can intell1gence. From a reasoned intelli- would think that, since we claim to be 
to the method used by the lemmings. be construed as a populaUon-regul:;.ting gence many man-animals would like to a measure more than just animal, there 
Lemmings are found in the circumpolar . device. It's not likely the lemmings regulate the human population on earth would be more evidence supporting a 
reaches of the North American continent, . plan their one-way trips. They are too in a considered way. Hopefully, a nicer reasoned mode of behavior. 

CIA cont. --------------------------------------------------1 
identify the students who caused 
the difficulty. Still photographs 
and television tapes will permit 
identification of the remaining 
disrupters. Each will be referred 
to the appropriate disciplinary 
agency for a prompt hearing 
and for appropriate action ," , 

Murphy concluded by stating 
"The campus will not be intimi-
dated by a small group forcing 
its own point of view on others." 

A total of 16 students had made 
appointments to see Gage, ac-
cording to Mr. George BurChill, 
the new director of CPPC. Only 
two students met with Gage be-
fore the demonstrators entered 
the office. 

Gage immediately left the 
campus when the students en-
tered, "acting upon directions 
from his superiors," according 
to Murphy. 

Director Burchill expressed 
regret that interested students 
had been denied an opportunity 
to meet with Gage. 

He indicated that attempts 
would be made to arrange dis-
cussions between recruiters and 
concerned students in which the 
students could question objec-
tionable activities of the recruit-
ing organization. 

The student ref ere n dum to 
which Burchill referred focused 
on two questions : first, should the 
University continue an "open to 
all bona fide employers" policy? 
Seventy per cent of the votes 
were in the affirmative on this 
question. 

The second question, "Should 
means be explored for selec-
tively ex c 1 u din g organizations 
such as the U.S, Marine Corps?" 
barely failed, with the "no' s" 
prevailing, 54 to 46 per cent. 

It was obvious as a result of 
Monday's demonstration that the 
recruitment issue has not been 
resolved, and student organizers 
have promised activity on Nov. 
17, 18, and 19; on that day the 
Army, Air Force, and Marine 
Corps will be recruiting on the 
fir st floor of Blake Hall. 

In addition, a panel of military 
recruiters will be available for 
discussion with students on Mon-
day, Nov. 17, in the BSB second 
floor lecture hall, at 7 p.m. 

The purpose of these meetings, 
moderated by a UCSD fa-
culty member, is 0 provide an 
intelligent, rationale exchange of 
ideas between the service re-
presentatives and Dlembers of the 
University community. 

Consequently, dllring the re-
mainder of the a('ad",miC' year . 
the Career Educa tiOll Planning 
Center, will pres~l.t representa-
tives from a variet .· f industries, 
business and govl rlment agen-
cies to discuss idf~as and ques-
tions formulated I;y members of 
the academic cOIT.munity in the 
hO;>8 that some greater degree of 
m'Jtual understanding may be de-
veloped. 

CHEAP USED BOOK~ 
.,... in Mission Beach "'""'" 

REED'S BOOKSTORE 
3785 Ocean Front Walk 

Page 16 Triton Times, Nov. 14, 1969 

' 0 \ . 

*CEILING 
AND 

VISIBILITV 
UNLIMITED 

At Pratt & Whitney Aircraft "ceiling and visibility unlimited" 
is -not just an expression, For example, the President of our 
parent corporation joined P&WA only two years after receiv· 
ing an engineering degree, The preceding President, now 
Chairman, never worked for any other company. The current 
President of P&WA started in our engineering department 
as an experimental engineer and moved up to his present 
position. In fact, the majority of our senior officers all have 
one thing in common - degrees in an engineering or 
scientific field. 
To insure CAVU*, we select our engineers and scientists 
carefully. Motivate them well. Give them the equipment and 
facilities only a leader can provide. Offer them company·paid, 
graduate education opportunities, Encourage them to push 
into fields that have not been explored before, Keep them 
reaching for a little bit more responsibility than they can 
manage. Reward them well when they do manage it. 
Your degree can be a B.S., M,S., or Ph.D. in: MECHANICAL • 
AERONAUTICAL • ELECTRICAL • CHEMICAL • CIVIL • 
MARINE • INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING • PHYSICS • CHEM· 
ISTRY • METALLURGY • MATERIALS SCIENCE • CERAM· 
ICS • MATHEMATICS • STATISTICS • COMPUTER SCI· 
ENCE • ENGINEERING SCIENCE· ENGINEERING MECHANICS. 
Consult your college placement officer - or write Mr. 
William L. Stoner, Engineering Department, Pratt & Whitney 
Aircraft, East Hartford, Connecticut 06108. 

CAVU· might also mean full utilization 01 your technical skills 
through a wide range of challenging programs which include jet 
engines for the newest military and commercial aircraft, gas 
turbines for industrial and marine use, rocket engines for space 
programs, fuel cells for space veh icles and terrestrial uses, and 
other advanced systems, 

Pratt & Whitney ~ircraft U DIVISION 01' UNIT~O R RAI'T CORPOR ATION 
EAST HARTfORD AND MIDDLETOWN, CONNECTICUT 
WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA An [quI I Oppo,tunlty [mptoy.r 


