
The sister and brother-In-
law of Angela Davis were charged 
with attempted murder and 
assault with a deadly weapon 
after a shooting incident invol-
ving two sheriff's deputies which 
occurred at their home in Del 
Mar. 

Angela Davis' Sister Arr sted After 
Shooting Incident With Police 

the street. 

up a stand behind a van parked 
m the street. 

It at thiS point, fhe de- i 
puties said, that Mrs. Jordan 
fired two shotgun blasts at them. 

Moorehead and Palmer ran to 
their patrol car a block and a half 
away and radioed for help. The 
Jordan home was empty when 
they returned. 

Mrs. Fanta Davis Jordan, 23, 
a graduate student of philosphyat 
UCSD, and her husband, UCSD 
undergraduate, Samuel Jordan, 
23, were arraigned Wednesday 
in Oceanside Municipal Court, 
along with Sidney Glass, also a 
UCSD undergraduate. Glass had 
been charged with harboring a 
fugitive (Mrs. Jordan). 

All three pleaded innocent at 
that hearing and were released, 
Mr. Jordan on $3,000 bail. The 
judge set a preliminary hearing 
for December 17. 

just a short distance fro m the 
Jordan residence. 

Police reports claim that Mr. 
Jordan interfered with the de-
puties in their questioning, after 
which the Jordans ran into their 
home. 

drew his revolver after Jordan 
pointed his shotgun at him. 
Moorehead then fired one shot 
which struck Jordan in the shoul-
der. 

At this point Fania Jordan 
grabbed Moorehead's arm and 
jerked it up. Moorehead fired 
two more shots, one of which 

However , an undiscolsed sourc~ 
indicated that Jordan had been 
beaten by the officers and that 
he had only gotten the shot-gun 
for sell-defence after the officers 
had fired several shots first. 

Jordan was arrested the fol-
lowmg morning at Scripps Me-
morial Hospital, where he was 
taken by a neighbor fo! treat-
ment of the flesh wound. 

Mrs. Jordan and Glass were 
arrested Tuesda y in Cardiff, at 
the residence of UCSD graduate 
student Barry Shapiro. Mrs . 
Jordan is reported to have pro-
ceeded to the Shapiro residence 
after having first sought refuge 
at Glass' home. According to 
police reports MRs. Jordan was 
seen leaving the Glass residence 
in a small foreign sports car 
which was later traced to Glass. 

The shooting incident occurred 
shortly after Sheriff' s deputies 
Bert Moorehead and James Pal-
mer stopped to question Mrs. 
Davis on Highway 101 in Del Mar, 

What happened at this point 
is not yet clear. In the scuffle 
that ensued inside the house, Mr. 
Jordan is said to have gone into 
his bedroom and loaded his shot-
gun. 

Sheriff O'Connor, currently 
investigating the shooting, told 
newsmen that deputy Moorehead 

, hit the wall, and the second hit 
the celing. 

O'Connor said that the depu-
ties then heard Jordan moving 
around in the bedroom, and moved 
back from the house, taking up 
a stand behind a van parked in 

This same source indicated 
that the deputies were not on a 
routine patrol, but had instead 
been called by someone in the 
neighborhood to investigate a dis-
turbance in the Jordan home. 

After the shooting occurred 
deputies vacated the house, taking 

, . " trIton e 
Volume 8, Issue 8 University of California, San Diego November 21, 1969 

MARINES FACE MORALITY AT SSC-SOS RAll Y 
by Plul Emul, Stiff Writer 

Questions of "moral responsibility" and 
the purpose of U.S. involven\ent in Viet-
nam were fired at two Marine Corps 
ecruiters Wednesday at a noon plaza 

rally of about 400 people. 
Pickets earlier in the week at the re-

cruitment room set up in the northwest 
corner of Blake Hall were rather light 
and didn't attract much attention. The 
8 - 12 students carrying signs Monday 
"were ridiculous," commented U. Com-
mander Diamond. "Usually pickets help 
us more than anything," added Ensign 
Chivers. 

The army recruiter got into a few in-
dividual arguments, but the first confron-
tation with a group came Monday night 
at Lance Beizer's draft class where re-
presentatives of the Marine Corps, Air 
Force, Navy and Coast Guard explained 
their programs. Captain Hering (the tall 
one) expressed the philosophy, "If you 
don't want the Marine Corps, we don't 
want you " While Captain Bracket (the 
short one) outlined" moral requirements' 
among those necessary for the WOCC 
(the women's program). 

The Wednesday rallyorganizedbymem-
bers of SDS and BSC started out with 
pleas for support of the legal defense 
for the three arrested UCSD students (story 
below). When the Marines came out to 
the plaza, a minor clash resulted con-
cerning their presence, but cries of "let 
him speak" and a najority vote brought 
Captain Hering to the mike. Byron King 
of $OS explained later that they "did 
not think it was our responsibility tc 
allow the Marine Corps recruiter to tall<: 
(at their rally). " 

Bruce Costen contended that the Marine 
Corps was not here on an free speech 
issue, but "to recruit coerced trained 
students" and " to turn that training into 
imperial service to suppress movements 
that challenge this exploitation." 

Vincent Hpllier and some of the Black 
students, among others, contended that 
the marines should be allowed to speak 
" to hang himself ... to make a fool of 
',himself 

captain Hering began by saying that 
"I'm not here representing the Marine 
Corps' entire philosophy." He said the 
reason the marines are in Vietnam is 
that previous elected leaders made the 
decision and "whether it's right or wrong 
is beside the point." Hering maintained 
that he's "following orders" because "I 
personally believe we are doing the country 
a lot of good ... by building hospitals .... " 

CaPtain Bracket came to the mike to 
remark: "I place a lot of confidence 

Vincent Hollier of BSC, left, and Byron King of SDS, center, Revp.lle Plaza at Wednesday's noon rally. 
argue over the r ight of Marine Captain Hering to speak in 
in the decisions of the people who run 
our country." Someone in the crowd 
asked the recruiter what would be required 
of himsell if the marines asked him to 
go to UCSD to thro w out SDS. Bracket 
said that he would be obligated to his 
"contract" with the marines. Th1sbrought 
forth cries of "contract with the devil" 
as well as moral human questions brought 
out during the Nuerenberg trials for war 
crimes. 

Ned Van Valkenburg challenged what 
the word was required of the men to chant 
over and over again during physical train-
ing. In a low determined voice, Hacket 
replied, "Kill!" When asked what they 
were trying to teach these people, he 
answered, "to defend themselves" -- fol-
lowed by laughter. 

His primary position was that the South 
Vietnamese do not have the ability to de-
fend themselves against commWlist and 

establish their own political and economic 
government. 

After the confrontation in the plaza, 
about 50 picketers followed the recruiters 
to their room in lower Blake Hall to make 
fun of their program, where upon the 
officers left around 2 p. m. (their scheduled 
time). 

Last year quite a controversy 
was stirred up over this issue when a 
crowd of students and professors pre-
vented a Marine recruiting officer from 
entering the placement office on February 
21. This r esulted in the trial and dis-
cipling of " the UCSD eight" Cor "offen-

, ses" of the alleged disruption of the edu-
cational process and a violation of "aca-
demic freedom. " A case of civil dIs-
obedience thus arose where they knowingly 
broke one law (i.e., a university regu-
lation) to protest another (Le., university 
policy toward military recruitment). 

In an interview with Maxine Bailey of 
the placement center, it was learned that 
before the Berkeley incidel'ts of 1964-65, 
InUitary recruiting was conducted at a 
table in the plaza and any student who 
walked by could talk to them. However. 
when the military became the target of 
the more radical studen.s, all military 
recruiting was moved froll tb open ad-
vocacy area to the place Tlent center at 
Building 250 on the Mattl1ews Campus, 
which persisted for a It two v~ r 

Bailey said that it "is not really a 
hiring and employment function but an 
information sharing process." Since fewer 
students had access to the recruiters 
"it seemed inappropriate to have them 
located here in the (Career Information 
Planning) Center," she said. Thus it 
is just this year that we found them 
located in the northwest corner of Blake 
Hall. 



f· ............. .... . ....................................... ·······1 

ieLie n the medial 
~ I ~ Joel Goodman ~ 
: .......... -.... -........ ----.... --... --------.~~---.---~ 
Roek,'. R.port 

Gov. Nelson Rockefeller recently submitted hIs report and recom-
mendations on Latin America, based on his visit, in which he advo-
cates stepped-up U.S. military aid to that part of the hemisphere. He 
said that the situation in LatiD, America was very volatile and reip 
for Communist exploitation. His report often mentioos Castro, stating 
that "at the moment there is only one Castro among the 26 nations 
of the bemisphere (but) there can well be more in the future." 
Moreover, It is his view that the military generally represents the 
best interests of the people in a given Latin-American country, 
"although it is not yet widely recognized." He suggests that while 
the United States may not always agree with the methods used by 
military governments, these more authoritarian governments should 
not be dismissed. (Christian Science Monitor) 

Minimum Incom. Urged 
A commission appointed by President JolUlson two years ago 

recommended last week a minimum guaranteed Income to every 
American with no strings attached. The commission proposed that" 
the government guarantee every adult a cash income of $750 per· 
year, with families receiving an additional $450 for each child; the 
payments would be cut by 50 cents for each dollar of earnings or 
other income, so it would -always be profitable to work. Even though 
the commiSSioners regard President Nixon's welfare plan as a gi-
gantic step forward, their rationale for welfare is entirely different 
from that of the President. While Nixon hopes that job-training pro-
grams and more jobs will slash welfare rolls in the long run, the 
commission feels that the chances are dim in the forseeable future 
that the country can provide a job with a living wage to any man who 
wants to work. (Los Angeles Times) 

Sbift from H.wk to Do", 
A recent Gallup Poll indicates that there has been a drastic shift· 

in ~bUc sentiment over Viet Nam in the last two years, from a 
hawkish to a dove-ish position. People were asked wbether they 
would calssify themselves as hawks or doves, and the latest poll 
indicates that 55 per cent consider themselves doves and 31 per 
cent consider themselves hawks. A similar poll was taken in Decem· 
ber, 1967, when the figures were 35 and 52 per cent, respectively. 
Thus, the nation appears to have made a complete turnabout in 
opinion. Approximately half of the dove group favor an immediate 
and total withdrawal of troops. (San Francisco Chronicle) 

Drop in Voting Ag, 
California Assemblyman Paul Puolo, chairman of the Assembly 

Committee on Elections and Constitutional Amendments said last 
week that the chances are better than 50-50 that a proposition to 
lower the voting age to 18 or 19 will be on next year's California 
ballot. He feels, however, that It will probably have to be coupled 
with proposals to lower the age at which young persons are considered 
responsible adults. Such proposals would bring down the age at 
which youths are legally liable for their own actions, and also would 
lower the age to buy alcoholic beverages and to hold public offices. 
(Los Angeles Times) 

Tb, New YWCA 
The YWCA held a natonal conference in Michigan last week, in 

which they passed a resolution calling for the legalization of 
marijuana, and proposed making YWCA f~cilities available to dis-
pense birth control aids to all women. Theyfurther demanded repeal 
of all existing abortion lawsj approval of conjugal rights for prisoners 
of all sexes; and approval of the Blast Manifesto and the Viet Nam 
Moratorium. (Los Angeles Times) 

. No More Philosophy or History 
All courses in pure philosophy, sociology and history in Czecho-

slovakia's universities have now been suspended indefinitely. The 
authorities have given no public reason for the suspenSion, but stu-
dents and some faculty members who were willing to discuss the 
question believe that the newly-purged Communist regime, and par-
ticularly the new hard-line minister of education, intend to redraft 
the textbooks and reorient the curricula along stringently orthodox 
lines. The faculties concerned with the above three subjects in the 
major universities formed the vanguard of support for last year's 
attempts at liberal reform, and led the resistance and protest against 
the resulting Soviet invasion . (Los Al,lgeles Times) 

President Agnew 
The December issue of Esquire is largely devoted to making' 

predictions and satirizing the 1970's. Included is an eight·page 
edition of the New York Times from November, 1976. Spiro Agnew, 
the acting Pre!:ident for two years since President Nixon refused 
to answer his phone or letters, has just been elected for his first 
full term, defea ·ing Senator Dean Rusk. Thekey issue of the campaign 
was the Viet tram war. While Rusk wanted a military victory in 
Viet Nam over the Godless Communists, Agnew said he saw "the 
light at the end of the tunnel," predicting a troop withdrawal by 
the end of 197e. Of course, withdrawal frnm South Chile is another 
matter complet ~ly. (See Rocky's ~eport, above.) Other articles in 
the issue cover the growth of Cities, the further rise of the in-
dustrial-milltal y complex (written by George McGovern), the New" 
New Morality, and lots more. It is a very enjoyable issue, and ex-
tremely succe~ stul in exposing and satirizing certain trends in 
Amer ica today. 

Nader Strikes Again 
The October 25 issue of The New Republic discll sses Ralph 

:-lader's critlcism of the AmeTlcan legal profession. In r esponse 
to ~ader, Thomas Asher states, "There are people, issues, and 
Intrrests who need lawyers, who ()ught to have lawyers, and who 
cannot obtain the adequate servicp of lawyers" Asher outlines 
several of the "nb~tructionist" positions mamtainerlbytheorganized 
har and concludes, "The first priori!} for the legal proCession 
is to arknl)wle<.lge the enormfty of the problem and get off Its 
coll ecti ve ass." 

Plge 2 Triton Times. Nov.21.1969 

Chinese Revolution? 
.. 

Moscow- A full-scale, Vietnam-style "war ofna- , 
tional liberation" may be on the verge of breaidng . 
out In the heartland of Asia, waged against the . 
Chinese leaders in Peking and supported by the . 
Russian leaders in the Kremlin. If so, it is one . 
of the biggest and best-kept secrets in the world, 
and it could become the focus of new escalations . 
in the simmering war between Russia and Cbina. i 

These ·are the ectucated ·guesses 'of an increasing 
number of diplomats, journalists, and academicians 
who study trom alar tbe mysteriOUS and histori-
cally violent borderland of ley wastes, forests, 
and desert tlvLt stretches over 4,500 miles from 
Kashmir north of India. to the Pacific Ocean 
nortb of Korea. 

Just soutb of the western. part of the embattled . 
Sino-Soviet border, in the Chinese province ·of 
SfI*iang, non-Chinese tribes and nationality p-oups . 
have been oppressed by the distant Peking govern- . 
men!. Since the Cultural Revolution; Peking Ilas . 
been shipping trainloads of Chinese into the Sin- . 
ldang wild west. This policy of colonization,· 
with its accompanying campaign of "forced as-
similation" on non- Chinese peoples in the area, 

Some Western observers In Moscow, wbo are 
ll8Ually cautious when speculating about events in 
CbiDa, are even Yenturtnc tile startling prediction 
tbat local anti- Maoist elements in Slnkiang pro-
vince are about to break Into the open with an 
InsurrectiOlli.st "national Uberation movement,'" 
along tile !IDes of tbe guerilla war that the Viet · 
Cong--with \ competing Russian and Chinese sup-
porto-is wacfag In Vietnam. 

serves three purposesj . 
1) It helps relieve the over population in cen- . 

tral and eastern China; 2) it reinforces a stra-
tegically vulnerable borderland against the Rus- . 
siansj and 3) it extends Mao Tse-tung's control · 
over the independent-miMed Uighur, Kirgiz, Tad-
zhik, Kazakh and Mongol etlUlic groups who in- · 

There are reports, which Westerners think are 
plausible eveD though impossible to confirm, that 
more than 4000 people died in an uprising in 
Slnkiang last January. 

habit the region. 

Some Soviet officials have recently confided to 
Western diplomats, "We lave reason to believe 
that Mao Ilas a lot more trouble than he admits 
in the provlnces--and where he has his enemies 
out there, we have friends." 

The Uighurs, who represent the bulk of the non-
Chinese majority in Sinkiang, are particularly 
resentful of Peking's forced intermarriage and 
compulsory Chinese language pollcies. Hints have 
been increasing in Moscow as well as in more 
neutral Asian cities on the periphery of China 
that tribal opposition to Mao Tse-tung in Sinkiang 
is becoming more active and better organized. 

The Soviet leaders certainly welcome any internal 
trouble Mao is having. The Russians may be , 
supporting anti-Maoist guerillas within China as . 
well as keeping pressure on the Chinese frontier . 
in hopes of weakening the Red Chinese Army, I 
which is Mao's power base. It the Chinese Army 
is defeated or even seriously discredited in tbe ' 
provinces, the center of Maoist power would be , 
badly shakellUld--so goes the Soviet hope- -the 
Maoist leadership In Peking might be replaced 
by a government friendller to the Kremlin's view· 

When a Soviet says he has reason to believe 
something about China, he is neither objective nor 
non -partisan. But between 1949 and 1960 there 
were about 10.000 Soviet advisors all over China. 
The knowledge of these veterans of happier days 
between Peking and Moscow, plus the intelligence 
brought out by a number of Chinese, including 
a few army generals who have defected to the 
Russians, .utles the Sovletsasamongtheworld's 
best-inforlll8Cf China experts. 

of the world. 

On tile occasion of the thirtieth anniversary 
of the battle rA. Holkin Gol in eastern Mongolia, 
wllere tM Russian Army UDder Marshal Zhukov 
drove ~ tile Japanese In 1939, the Soviet press 
reminded the world, and the Chinese leadership 
in Piking, tlvLt. in addition to expertise abOutCb1na, 
the USSR also ba.s experience in warfare along 
the Chinese border. 

.. -_ ............ _-------_ .. -.... ----..... ---..------_ ....... _ .... -.. ---_ .. --_ ....... _ .... -.. ----_._---_ .. 

Washlnglon--All last summer T h 
the Pentagon told Congressional e 
critics tlat MIRV--the multiple 
warhead misslle·-would not heat MIRV . 
up the arms race. John S. Fos-
ter Jr., the Defense Department's 
research chief, said: "The US 
MrRV must be considereed a p · t . 
stabilizing influence, since it pre- I r 0 J e c S 
serves our deterrent while not . 
threatening theirs." Despite Corporation, Ling _ Temco-
these statements, however, the Vought, and GoOdyear Corpora-
Air Force and the Navy now have tion. There ls also an exten-
programs underway which will sive program to develop a "hard 
convert the MIRV into an imme- point decoy" for each warhead 
diate threat to the Soviets, for- which would enable it to destroy 
cing them to further expand their a Soviet missile site even if it 
missile force to protect their de- were protected by an ABM sys-
terrent capacity. tern. 

In the MIRV project, the one I Programs to improve the ac-
large warhead on each of our curacy of existing guidance 
ICBM 's is being replaced by three \systems are also continuing and 
to ten smaller warheads, each are heavily funded. An impor-
capable of being directed at a tant component of the Air Force's 
separate target. The Pentagon advanced ICBM program involves 
says our missiles are not accu- the development of new, high-
rate enough for a successful at- . accuracy guidance systems. The 
tack on Russian missile sites with SABRE system, originally de-
these smaller warheads. But at veloped by MIT for maneuver-
the same time the Pentagon is able re-entry vehicles, is being 
hard at work on several programs upgraded in the $5 million 
which will make such a success- SABRE-2 program. MIT' s Prof-
ful attack possible. ossor C. Stark Draper, who heads 

The Defense Department this this program believes that ac-
year requested an additional $12.4 curacies in the neighborhood of 
million to improve the accuracy 50.100 feet can eventually be a-
of the Poseidon (the Navy's MlRV chieved, and such high accuracies , 
carrying missile). According to would render silo-based missiles 
Secretary of Defense Laird this totally vulnerable to destruction. 
will "enhance its effectiveness Today's missiles are accurate to 
against hard targets," that is. abOut 1500 feet, and Herbert 
underground sites. Thisprogram York, former chief of defense 
will lead to the situation fore- R&D, has pointed out that an 
cast two years ago in a Pen- improvement of only a factor of 
tagon press release, which said two would give our existing force 
"each MffiV warhead ... will be far the ability to destroy virtually 
better suited for destruction of all Soviet s ilo-based misslles. 
hardened enemy missile sites This mere twofold increase is 
than any existing missile war- much less than the tenfold im-
heads." provement already achieved since 

This work has been underway ICBM programs were initiated 
for some years at the Raytheon 15 years ago. 
, ..... . _---_ .. _-------_ .... _-_._-----------------------------------_ .. 

JOIn an organization on the move 

join the tritDn times stiff 
.pply It bldg. 250 

Defense officials have admitted 
in publle testimony that tb e or-
iginal reason for deve loping MIRV 
was to increase the number of 
targets which a single missile 
could attack. When former Se-
cretary of Defense McNamara 
cut back the Minuteman force, 
from 1700 missiles (recom-
mended by the Air Force) to 
the eventual 1,000, the Alr Force 
found itself with more sites on 
its target list than could be at-
tacked with . the available 
missiles. A natural response 
was to increase the number of 
targets each missile could hit. 
Since that time the Air Force 
has never wavered in its inten-

1 tion to use the multiple·warhead 
. missile to achieve its long-sought 

first-strike capability against the 
. USSR. Navy officials privately 

admit that the Poseidon missiles 
is a first-strike weapon. 

A year ago the Air Force 
classified all information on tbese 
programs. Information on Navy 

, programs is equally hard to come 
by. Like the original MIRV 
program, this next stage in mis-
sile development will be well un-
derway before the public and Con-
gress are fully aware of it. 

-ISRAEL -
11 week student Group 
includes 3 weeks in Eurtope 
and a Mediterranean CrUise 

call Marty: 755-8850 

CHEAP USED BOOKS 
..- In Mission Beach ~ 
REED'S BOOKSTDRE 

3785 Ocean Front Walk 

LESS STUDY = mGHER GRADES 
LEXICON 

Successful students have high 
vocabulary and reading ab1l1Ues. 
Individual Audio/Visual Courses 

LEXICON 
12th and Camino Del Mar 

755-3064 

, . 

AS S8n.t, Note. 

Help Coming 
for Mired 

Muir Students 
by Ro • • r Showl.y, N.w. ' Editor 

Is the rainy weather getting you down on your way to and from 
Muir College? The AS Senate Monday turned its attention to this 
problem when it unanimously asked the Office of Architects and 
Engineers to "devise a safe and dry walkway" between the Cluster I 
gym and Building 2A. 

Larry Black, campus landscaper, said later that A & E was plan-
ning such a temporary path some months ago, and was aware of 
the hazards to students and others who must cross muddy dirt 
areas to get to Muir. As the Muir Commons building approaches 
completion, he said, A & E will continue pouring concrete onto a 
temporary path between the resfdence halls and cafeteria. "Be-
tween the cafeteria and gymnaSium," he explained, "we might be 
able to construct a walkway between the gym's tennis courts and 
the volleyball sandpit." 

East of the gym, Black said, studen~s can look forward to being 
re-routed onto old Highway 101 (between Muir and Muir's temporary 
parking lot), so they will not have to cross through the construction 
area surrounding building 2B, south of 2A. 

The permanent walkway from Revelle to Muir awaits completion 
of 2B and the Fine Arts Cluster building, which will not be finished 
tor up to three years. But part of that walkway will be constructed 
atter 2B Is completed sometime during the spring QUarter Black 
predicted. "An asphalt extension can then be built from th~t per-
manent section, through the site of the Fine Arts Building and then 
be connected to more of the permanent walkway." , 

L~y Bourin, AS representative on the Third College board of 
directors, reported on the latest developments in Third College 

T~e Academic Plan is before the Campus Educational Policy Com~ 
mlttee of the Academic Senate, he said, and will probably come up 
at the Academic Senate meeting either next week or at a special 
~ession in December. (The Triton Times will devote all of its last 
Issue of the quarter, Wednesday, to the Third College.) 

The Board of Directors, which works with Acting Provost William 
R. Frazer in deciding policy, favors the architectural firm of Fisher 
and. Jackson because it employs a significant number of minorities 
on ItS staff; and, accor~ing to Bourin, this suggestion will probably 
be forwarded to the Architects and Engineers Office at the appropriate 
time, probably next QUarter. 
. Bourin is paid $200 per ~arter as a member of the Board, which 
IS ~~al to AS PreSident Jeff Benjamin's salary of $600 per year. 
He IS responsible for keeping the Senate informed about the develop-
ments in the college, whUe he continues to represent Muir College 
at large on the senate. 

The Senate also heard reports from its standing committees out-
lining what has been done with the community, programs for the Quar-
ter, and publicity. 

Bob MunIc submitted a report from the Community Interaction 
Committee describing the campus tours being conducted b'/ students 
every two weeks for people from San Diego. "I have beer . • leld back 
by a lack of students," his report said. "There is no reason 
that all of the prospective programs, and many more, could not 
be started if [ had a group of about 40 or 50 interested students." 

Munk is also working on plans for "confrontations" between the 
business community and the minority community: a writing cam-
paign to the San Diego Union and Evening Tribune in response to 
editorial comment; an "intercollegiate communications network" 
with. Cal Western in Point Loma; and UC-wide programs for com-
mumty cootact with UCSB. He announced that tbe La Jolla Town 
Councll wanted to add its support for the AS's committee. 

Judy Land, chairman of the AS Publicity Committee described 
plans for an information center on campus where stu'dents could 
obtain facts about .AS events. "We would like to cut out posters and 
make big banners for display on Urey Hall" she said but explained 
that permission had to be granted each tln:e the AS w~ted to mount 
posters on the grill work of th~ building. 

The AS senators present suggested that a monthly letter to all 
students, banners across the fountain in Revelle Plaza and an. 
nouncements over KSDT might help Judy promote PUblidity Paul 
Kaufman, lower division senator, mentioned Revelle's plans t~ build 
a large bulletin bOard on the east wall of Revelle Cafeteria. The mar-
~ees ·purchased by the AS last year to list events were also suggested 
as possibilities to Judy, but Jeff Benjamin and last year's AS presi-
dent Tom Shepard could not say to where the marquees had dis-
appeared. Shepard said they were last given to architects and en-
gmeers. ' 

Jim Magill, upper diviSion senator and chairman of the Program 
Board, passed around the contract he had drawn up to allow outside 
promoters to organize on-campus events . Students would be given 
a special rate one week before each event occurred he said which ' 
would ~orce AS members "to think ahead" in orde; to save'money 
on admIssion tickets. 

Frustrations of a Patriotic Fellow , 

b, KlthyJ . ..... n 
S_ff Writer 

The honorary alumni are peo-
ple Interested in the university 
and its growth. They have been 
organized since 1963 and have 
contributed a total of $54,274--
E!(JJlvalent to 97 scholarships. 
These scholarships go largely 
to studEllts whose backgrounds 
are classified as emotionally 
and economically deprived. 

Alumni money is an invest-

ment in the University. But many 
of those making such invest-
ments in this facet of the com-
muntty don't leel that It is grow-
ing fast enough to meet the in-
flating needs of education and 
people. Tom Ham, organizer of 
the UCSD Honorary Alumni, is 
in t ere s ted In meeting these 
needs. Mr. Ham Is a graduate 
of UCLA and owner of the Ball 
Hai restaurant, and he has a 
plle 01 manUa folders the size 

C •• t'~ t. PI .. 14 

Red Tape,Wrong Reading 
Bollixes Leaflet Printing 

lIy CII , A .... r ••• , St.ff Writ.r 
The November 16 issue of the La Jolla Sen-

. tinel ("Guardian and Champion of the Best in-
terests of the Fairest Corner of Heaven-on-Earth") 
carried a story which seemed to involve UCSD 
in yet another controversy. The article concerned 

. the cmpus-based Vietnam Moratorium Committee 
and its alleged use of the Uruversity's Central 
Duplicating press facUities to print anti-war leaf-
lets for the Citizen's Mobilization Committee 
an oft-campus organization. ' 

The Sentinel's article stated that the student-
run VMC had received authorization from Vice-
Chancellor George Murphy's office to print 2000 
Chancellor George Murphy's oUice to print 200 000 
leaflets, but that sometime after this authoriza-
tion was granted the name appearing on the leaf-
let was changed from VMC to the Citizen's Mo-

·'bilization Committee. The article further alleged 
that a completely unauthorized moratorium sticker 
was also printed by Central Duplicating. 

Further investigation of the incident however 
ha ' , s revealed a far less sinister story. ACCOrding 
to Vice-Chancellor George Murphy, "I made a mis-
take and there was a mistake on their part. I 
have talked with VMC and the Religious Affairs 
Office and we have dealt with the problem." The 
problem, it seems, involved a mis-reading of 
the leaflet by Murphy's office as well as a mis-
understanding on the part of VMC concerning the 
proper procedure to follow in dealing with Cen-

- tral Duplicating. 
The Vietnam Moratorium Committee is a re-

cognized student organization which was invited 

to use the facUities of the Religious Affairs of. 
fice. The VMC worked closely with Rev. Bill 
Coates and others within the office for several 
weeks prior to the Moratorium week. 

The VMC had planned to print 200,000 leaflets 
concerning the Moratorium and to pay Central 
Duplicating to print them. The VMC approached 
Murphy's oUice to receive authorization for the 
printing and the authorization was granted. The 
vice- chancellor's Office, however, either tailed to 
read the leaflet carefully enough or didn't under. 
stand the difference between the VMC and CMC. 
Approximately 100,000 of the leanets were printed 
before the problem was discovered and the re-
mining leaflets were printed off campus. 

The moratorium stickers, on the other hand 
were the result of a procedural misunderstanding 
on the part ot the VMC. The · VMC, erronious ly 
believing that Murphy's authorization enabled them 
not only to print their leaflets but also to con-
tinue using Central Duplicating had about 8 000 
)C the stickers printed by t~ campus pr~ss. 

The entire incident was subsequently thrashed 
IUt earlier this week in meetings involving the 
VMC, the Religious Affairs office and the adminis-
tration. In summarizing the ~ontroversy, Bill 
Coates stated: "My understanding is that anum. 
ber of assumptions were at play which proved 
erronious. We subsequently discussed the misun. 
derstandings with the administration and have 
reached agreement on the procedures to be fol. 
lowed in the future. 

Prorost Calls for Better Communications· 
., lY.II hr •• r .... , Stiff Writ.r 

The Muir College Council members have been 
elected. Its first order of business will be to 
"determine its own character and responsibilities." 
The Council has been given the power to be "re-
sponsive to all aspects of college life; economic, 
social, educational and political." A more spec-
ific interpretation of this statement will determine 
whether the Councll will develop into an effective 
instrument of change and improvement for Muir 
College,. or sink into the general ineffectiveness 
typical of student government groups on this cam-
pus. Thus, .the MCC's future is dependent mainly 
on its ten voting members (five students and five 
faculty). 

The five student members, Don Bright, Jon 
Collins, Andrew Harris, Roger Duncan and Larry 
Raful, were elected last week. Only a small per-
centage of the Muir student body bothered to vote. 
The Council sees this as "an, opportunity to di-
rectly influence the life of this campus" and Jon 
COllins, who feels that "this is the first real 
chance to get a substantial government tOl(ether " 
--finds this lack of interest a basic Muir prob-
lem which, hopefully, the MCC will be able to 
attack from many directions. 

Larry Ratul emphasized that the MCC can 
give "direction to Muir" and "bring it a defin-
ite personality. " Collins stated that the Council 
has the potential to get "mor e students appointed 
to committees," where their representation is 
needed, and to put Muir students in control of 
Muir student moneys so that they can be used for 
what students want. Roger Duncan feels that MCC 
will be able "to make adjustments, good or bad" 
and that, if a group on this campus becomes com-
mitted. to action and starts making significant 
changes of any kind, "students won't be able to be 
so apathetic." 

'The five faculty members, Robert Erickson, 
Carl Helstrom, John Holland, Margaret Langdon and 
Melford ~iro, are all members of the Executive 
Committee. The Executive Committee is able to 
deal with basically the same problems as the MCC. 

How do the faculty members view the Council·' 
Robert Erickson, Professor of Music views it 

" ' as an experiment In equal representaUon.-the 
best administrative thing to happen to Muir Col-

lege." Melford Spiro, Chairman of the Anthropo. 
logy Department, feels that "the University is a 
community of scholars." This includes "both fac-
ulty and students, all are equal partiCipants. Fac. 
ulty and students must listen to each other" 
He further added that the University "should be 
committed to teaching and research" and that his 
role on the MCC would be to try to "keep the 
University committed to these two functions. John 
Holland in biology sees MCC as a chance · for 
"faculty and stUdents to work together to make 
the college an effective facility. " If the students 
really press {or a change, ne feels that the fac. 
ulty will comply. One idea that Dr. Holland felt 
the MCC could study is changing Muir to a pass/ 
fail college. 

Although the "students have a duty to make their 
goals known to the faculty and to point out where 
the educational system is failing," APlS Professor 
Carl Helstrom puts the responsibility for the 
final dlclsions as to "what education is intellec. 
tually worthwhile" on the faculty. 

The College administration is also involved with 
MCC. Provost JolUl stewart will be present as a 
non.voting chariman at the first meeting. He mayor 
may not continue to preside, depending on the feel-
ings of the Council. Provost stewart feels that the 
"biggest thing the Council can do is to improve 
communication.' ~ The Provostalsoadded 
that there "will be much more student identity 
with the college when the students participate in it." 

Dean Batchelder will also attend the first meet-
ing. Like the Provost, his offie.a] position on the 
CounCil has ye.t to be determinej, and is depen-
dant on the decIsion of the voting Council members. 
He feels that the MCC can be al effective means 
of insuring that Muir College is r~ally meeting the 
students' needs, not only academirallv in t .... t .. rm 
of requirements, but also in the Don-a~demic 
realm, as in obtaining funds to carryon non-academe 
ic endeavors. 

In answer to the speCific questions concerning the 
direction in which the Muir Council will head, what 
it w!ll accomplish and what power it w1l1 develop 
no real answers can be given yet. Th answer~ 
will come when the MCC first faces a tangible 
problem and takes action. 

Tm... Tnn , Nov. Z 1,,.11 p ... 1 



DITtalALI 

Big Brother on Campus. 
The fact that newsmen and cameramen working for the major 

network stations are doubling as agents for the FBI has been firmly 
estabUshed. Time magazine reported last week that many reporters i 
and photographers turn over their films and recorded interviews I 
to the FBI in exchange for considerable sums ot money. ' 

This situation strikes home in the San Diego area. Time cited ' 
a cameraman tor KFMB-TV as being one of the more effective : 
of thIs new breed ot spIes. Accordung to Time, Carl GUman has . 
contriwted footage which is providing an important part of the, 
"evidence" being used against David Dellinger, a member of , 
the "Chicago Eight," now on trial for conspiracy to incite a riot 
in connection with the disorders of the 1968 Democratic coovention . . 

Further, films made by newsmen at UCSD, when a member of ' 
the US Air Force turned in his military ID card, were used during' 
court martial proceedings against him. These examples testify , 
to the extent to which such agents are operating in conjunction. 
with the various secret police forces in this country. . 

The Triton Times feels that this practice is inexcusable. Not, 
ooly does it give a bad name to all the honorable members of the . 
journalistic profession, but it seriously impairs the operation ' 
of a free press in this country. Traditionally, newspapers and , 
television news programs have served to protect the interests ' 
of the public and to expose governmental repression. A prere- . 
qui site for this is the total absence ot any governmental influence ' 
in the press. A" corporate merger" between the police forces 
and the press can only serve to destroy this traditlon. 

Besides seriously harming legitimate press operations, this new 
surveillance system wIll tend to deprive indivIduals of their rights 
to due process. The Triton Times regards any new teclniques 
of spying as progress towards repression and totalitaranism. 
We thus view these undercover agents as dangerous to freedom 
and democracy . 

The Triton Times feels that the responsible campus officials 
and the Associated Students' elected representatives should take 
immediate steps to bar double agents from UCSD. The Chancellor 
has the authority to prevent any newsman from coming ooto the 
campus. We feel that he should take immediate steps to ensure 
that UCSD does not become a proving grounds for Big Brother's 
secret police. 

Editorial Clarification 
Last week, in the midst of the second national Moratorium being 

held in protest of U.S. involvement in Viet Nam, the Triton Times 
deemed it appropriate to print the words of Bob Dylan, considered 
by many to be the folk laureate oC our times. The words were from 
one of his older protest ballads entitled "Masters of War." 

It seems that our intent in printing these words under an editorial 
heading, and in surrounding a picture of President Nixon with 
them, has been misinterpreted by some. This misinterpretation 
has arisen largely from the last stanza which, it seemed to some, 
called for the assassination of the presidmt · .. And I hope that you 
die, and you r death will come soon ... " 

It should be made clear that the meaning of these words was not , 
to be taken literally. Just as the poem itself is aimed not solely 
at Nixon, but more generally at the power elite in this country 
chiefly responible for the current militaristic foreign policies, 
so is the call for death a call for the end of this elite, at least 
in their end as an effective force in determining such policies. 

Promulgation of violence and hate is no way to counteract the 
violence and hate now perpetrated by many of our leaders, and this 
was not our intent. However, we reaffirm the basic message whIch ' 
the words of Mr . Dylan's song sought to convey. 

lDIT01!-IN-CIIIEf 
St. ve L.a.rm.u triton tiines 
IIEWS&DITGR 
lI ... r SIIo.lty 

ASSOC. NEWS EDIT< R 
Paul Emus 

HATl'Rt EDITOR 
Tom Bakor 

ARTS EDITOR 
8111 A"O(lu 
SPORTS EDITOR 
BoI> Gorby 

MA,~AGir:G Eorroa 
Ray Seavers 

COPY EDITOR 
Ha)"OOOd Common 

ASSOC . COPY EDrrOR 
Cbuck Gnlam 

PHOTOGRAPHY EDITOR 
""If'~ Yan Brock.1ln 
ADVERTtSlNG MAIIACER 
Dan Kelland 

EDue .TIlII WRIT tR 
Tom !. 1fl8..Td 
SCIEl'Ct WRITER 
St ••• ;trJl<or 
RESEARCH DIRECTOR 
J oei Coodman 

Tilt TRrroN TIMES is oI!lclally rtCo«,!iUcl aM PIlOt.'" 
1$ I ..,.", ""..,.por by 'III Communications Boord o( 
IhI Un"'rs,ly o( tUor n,.. Son OIoro. Bulldlnc 250 MaI-
,_. Clmpo •• La JollO. CoIUo,1Ila 92037. In ta~ ',liIorta ' 
pGsJtaons, the TRITOfll TIMES " ~ npttHntirc U. vi,-s 
f:A Che t.:nh't,.,lty , tht student covernment, or Ihi sludent 
baI, as • wholt. Othcbl TRITON TIMES "",Iorlll ""inian 
I, .l<I>r ...... onl, In lhoM columns on '110 tIll'Orll1 PO .. 
lpocillclU, dol_I"" (or lho .. purpo.... ",. TRITON 
TIMES publls .... " .. kl, on rrldl,' Ihro.", Otc.mbt, Z. 
1969. AddH .. 011 cor,.spoocIentt 10 : TRITON TIMES. 
P.O. Bo. 109. La Jolla non. PlIo ... n.zooo, XIOI1. 

IVRJTlII(; 1fT AT F 
C Il, AlldtI'MB 

.". CUpenter RaOOllContnru 
&It Hall ... 
RI:b IIolmllcb 
BarlanJ ..... , 
KalbyJ ..... . 
Po"IlI.&T_1II 
Jim YacD1 
BoI>Sc_ 
' .,... Yt.tIlO""'CII 

ARTS WRITERS 
Plal Rambor, 
LarryJ_ 
lUollalo 

SPORTS WRIT ERS 
fred er-w.Jd 
La," RahI 
Clut ~. 
PHOTOOUPHERS 

~rk TrlUtac 
0 ...... 1Ilct 
Clarl "II ... 
TEC IINJ:ALCREW 
Kim A ItWldor 
Belh L..,.. 

ARTISTS 
Jim 0yU 
Sc IIoIIlI w...,.. 
RobC_ 

100HASTY A WITHDRAWAl. 
AT THIS TIME CbULlJ RESlJLT 
IN TtJRNlNG 
INTO A 
8lDOD 

R.<.bBB 
Letters to the Editor 

Dear Editor: 

As a strong supporter of stu-
dent evaluations and participation 
in University affairs, I was sur-
prised that your article on stu-
dent evaluations of instructors put 
me at what I would consIder to 
be the wrong end of the contin-
uum. Considering that the De-
partment of Psychology has two 
student representatives on its 
Committee on Undergraduate Stu-
dies, that I have discussed the 
need for, and implementation of, 
student evaluations with these two 
representatives, and that we are 
probably one of the few depart-
ments that initiated such action 
some weeks ago, your article on 
page 11 of the November 14 issue 
seems to be at least slightly mis-
leading. 

I told your representative about 
our plans. about my full support 
of these plans, and I also added, 
and this is the only aspect that 
he quoted and that incorrectly, 
that I thougth that formal evalua-
tion prooobly would not add sig-
nificantly new knowledge to infor-
mal sources of information, such 
as just talking with students, other 
instructors, and so forth. I make 
it my business to collect such 
information and have done so for 
the past four vears. U I and 
other chairmen tan be relieved 
of doing this tnformally by a 
more formal procedure, I would 
be delighted. It may surprise 
students to know that most fa-
culty know who the good and bad 
instructors are·-even now. But 
be that as it may, I support 
student evaluations, and as I have 
said, the Department of Psy-
chology has probably gone further 
in implementing them than most 
other delllrtments. 

While I am on the topic. let 
me strongly support the notion 
that evaluations from students 
who have been away from the Uni-
versity for some years may be 
the most valuable. 1 remember 
from my own experience that it 
was in retrospect that I really 
appreciated the valuable teachers 
in my graduate and undergraduate 
education. 

Sincerely yours, 

George Mandler 
Chairman 
Delllrtment of Psychology 

Dear Editor: 
The November 7 issue of the 

Triton Times contained a letter 
from Prof. Francis Halpern com-
menting on an article I wrote 
for the Triton Times. 

The question Prot. Halpern 
asked was whether the Bolshe-
viks had won election in Russia 
in 1917. In my article I said the 
Bolsheviks had not won election 
and cited the non-Bolshevik com-
posItion of the Constituent As-
sembly which met briefly in Jan-
uary 1918, be for e being dis-
persed by Lenin. 

Prof. Halpern cited a Bolshe-
vIk majority in the Second All-
Russian Congress of Soviets. 
This group of SOViets, however, 
represented only the cities of 
Russia where the proletarianS 
likely to support Lenin were con-
centrated. 

At this time, of course, Russia 
was still an agricultural country 
with over 80 per cent of the 
population living in the country-
side. This great majority was 
thus unrepresented in the All-
Russian Congress of Soviets. 

At that, the Bolsheviks did not 
have a majority in the Second 
All-Russian Congress of Soviets. 
They held 390 of that body's 
850 seats and achieved a work-
ing major ily only in coalition 
with more moderate groups. 

The Constituent Ass e m b 1 y, 
elected in November 1917. rep-
resented both the city and the 
countryside. It was supposed to 
become the official national gov-
ernment replacing the provis-
ional government, which had ex-
isted since the fall of the czar 
in March 1917. In this natlonally-
elected assembly of 707 mem-
bers the Bolsheviks held only 
175 seats . The Social Revolu-
tionaries, a group of parliamen-
tarian SOCialists, won 370 seats, 
a clear majority. The other 150 
members co uld generally be 
counted on to vote against the 
Bolsheviks. The national and re-
gional e I e c t ion boards which 
supervIsed the counting of votes 
electing this assembly included 
members ot all the contesting 
lllrties, including the Bolsheviks. 

The Constituent Assembly met 
in January 1918, two months 
after the Bolsheviks had seized 
power, The Bolsheviks presented 
a motion approving their coup 
d'etat. The motion was easily 

,. I .. .. , 
" .. ~ . ". 

defeated. At this point Red 
Guards surrounded the assembly 
wilding and dispersed its mem-
bers. L en in commented that 
"Communism can have no par-
liamentarian lllusions." 

In this one and only fair na-
tional e 1 e c t ion ever held in 
Russia, the people voted for in-
dividual liberty, and against the 
Bolsheviks. 

With the dispersal of the Con-
stituent Assembly, then began 
the tradition of Communist hos-
tility to fair elections. 

I refer Prof. Halpern, and any-
'one else interested in the abor-
tive attempt toward Russian de-
mocracy, to Oliver Radkey's 
book "The Election to the Rus-
sian Constituent Assembly." 

Thank you, 
Jim Sills 

Editorial 
Criticism 

Dear Editor: 
Since the lines written by Bob 

Dylan (not listed as one of your 
staff) appear under a prominent 
editorial masthead in your issue 
of November 14, I must assume 
that you support the statements 
he makes therein. 

I have admired your issues 
since my arrival on campus and 
was therefore dismayed and re-
volted to find this expressIon of 
hatred offered in the name of 
peace. I cannot believe that your 
paper would knowingly encourage 
the perpetuation of hate as a 
policy nor gIve credence to un-
digested and Immature thinking 
such as Mr. Dylan displays. 

I do not doubt that Mr. Dylan 
-considers himself a Christian, 
but it is nowhere evidenced by 
what he wrote (and what you 
printed) . For to be a Christian 
is to emu late Chri st. And Christ 
is known as the Prince of Peace 
'and Love. Does Mr. Dylan pre-
sume to speak lor Christ? This 
is chutzpah, Indeed. 

Because I feel this Item to be 
insulting to the sensibillties of 
both Christians and Jews, I re-
quest that a retraction be prInted 
in the same prominent position 
given the original article. 

, 
., . 

Pearl L. Diankow 
Undergrad., Literature 

\ ,.. ". t.". 

Tbe peace movement In tlUs country and OIl t.£4s -=========================== caml*Js, unlike Alice in Wonderland, knows, pre- , i 
sumably, the general direetlOll in which It Isgomg. 
I assume that this heterogeneous coalltiOll Is com-
mitted to at least two broad goals: (1) the United 
states should : not win the war , . In Viet Nam and 
(2) that It should 1!ot_~ the wai} as rapIdly as 
possible. I also assume that many members olthis 
coalition are committed, at least In principle, to 
some type of domestic reform or transformation, 
ranging from pubUc school InteFatioo OIl the 
troglodyte right to complete/disembowelment of 
"the system," as It is quaintly calle(i"on the rD-

land, and the 11ly-white suburbs 01 New Jersey 
(64 per cent of whom by recent count believe 
Negroes to be iitferIor), there was 1.0 way for 
Mr. Johnson to crush the peace movement. Appeals 
to theIr patriotism for Viet Nam were met with 
appeals from the silent, white majority to keep 
the niggers out of their 'lelghborhoods, theIr 
schools, and their Jobs. 

mantic len. 

The questlon ts: wlll the present strategy 01 the 
peace movement, particularly, moratoria ad in- , 
finltum, move us along toward one of these goals, 
all of them, or none of them? Accept what follows, 
then, as one individual's home-made road map. It 
may not, of course, help the peace movement get 
to where it wants to go, wt at least it wlll push 
over a few sIgns labelled "Pacific Ocean" pointing 
east on Highway 66. 

If what I write appears at times pessimistic 
that Is because I am pessImistic: about the possi-
bilItIes for peace In Southeast Asia and, more im-
portant, about the poU tical viability of the Peace 
movement In our country. Like many historians I 
am more willing' to write kno'wingly about what 
happened in the past than to diagnose where we 
are or where we might be in six months, a year, 
or two years. Nonetheless, I hope to try. U por-
tions ot my scenario prove wildly inaccurate, 
chalk It up to the naivete of a ' historian who. 
masquerades as soothsayer. U portions 01 my 
scenario prove more accurate, I, for one, will 
not be elated because those portions are, as the 
saying goes, a bad scene. 

By now it should be obvious to all who read 
a newspaper or watch a television that the style 
and con~t of our opposition have shifted dra-
matically in the last year. The administration of 
Richard Milbous Nixon from New York via WhIttier 
CDlIege Is not the quondam administration of Lyndon 
Baines Johnson from Washington, D.C. vIa South-
west State Texas Teachers College. This may seem 
a depraved distinction to those in the movement 
who would follow General Custer under any and 
all circumstances'. "Hell," they wlll say, "a war-
monger is a warmonger, and beSides, It 's the 
system we must defeat, not sonte half-assed or-
ganIzation like the Republican Party." I enter a 
demurrer. While perhaps, depraved, the distinc-
tion Is not trivial. Making this distinction should 
be vital to the evolving strategy of the peace 
movement. Ignoring this distinction may lead to 
the Isolation and destruction of the movement. 

Too Go04 to list 
The peace movement in this country has been 

living on accumulated nostalgia since Senators 
McCarthy and Kennedy drove Lyndon Johnsonlrom 
the Presidency. Having participated in two of the 
primaries, I know the euphoria of those days In 
the spring and summer of 1968. We had, it seemed 
the political world on a string. The levers of 
power appeared to respond so effortlessly to our 
candidates and to our .causes. Now, from . the 
perspective of one year, I believe that it was 
indeed easy, too easy--duck soup, in fact--for a 
precocious bunch of kids their Uncle Gene and 
their brother Bobby to m'ake a case for retiring 
the feeble, diseased, toothless old whore from 
Texas. Compared to Lyndon Johnson ira -1968 
King Lear was a block of granite. ' 

But today is not 1968. Richard Milhous Nixon Is 
not Lyndon Baines Johnson. And whether or not 
we care to recognize the fact, a lot of history has 
washed across the land in between. I suggest that 
we recognize it or risk the real possibility of 
winding up like so many Don Quixotes, jousting 
with wIndm!l1s out of context, that in our case 
the windmills will be razor sharp . They will fight 
back and they wlll draw blood. 

To the brave people of Viet Nam it is immaterial 
that the war as well as protest against the war 
in this country grew and flourished under the 
liberal, Democratic regimes of John F. Kennedy 
.and Lyndon Johnson. From the perspective of your 
bombed-,out villages or charred rice field it doesn't 
matter If the B-52's and the name throwers are 
commanded by an Irish CathOliC, a fundamentalist 
Texas Democrat, or a California Republican who 
adheres loosely to the theological vagaries of 
Norman Vincent . Peate. But from the perspective 
of the peace movement, it should matter a great 
deal. 

The llheral Democrats, for those who do not 
reCall, w~re waging, as they frequently have, two 
1IIlrs--one domestic and the other forelp. It Is 
possible to question the wisdom and results of 
~e liberal democrat's domestic war. Ole may 

the motives which brought Messrs. 
If!Ilmeclv and JohnSOll into this war. But it Is a fact 

• The , C\\, ~I~~~~~~~~ 
Peace Movement 
is NOT Like 
Alice 

Wonderland • In 

" Would you tell me, please. which 
way I ought to go from here?" 

"That depends a good deal on 
where you want to get to," said the 
Cat. 

"I don't much care where-" said 
Alice. 

"Then it doe sn't matter which 
way you go," sajd the Cat. 

"-so long as I get somewhere," 
Alice added as an explanation. 

"Oh, you're sure to do that." said 
the Cat, "if you only walk long e-
nough.» 

by Micha.1 J. Parrish. 
Pr.t .... r .t Hilt.ry 

that even a civil rIghts revolution of some magni-
tude occured in this country between 1960 and 
1968. It is a fact that even befDre Viet Nam the 
American "system," responding to 'liberal D~mo­
cratic Keynesian nostrums, pulled itself out olGen-
eral Eisenfiower's miasmic economic swamp. It Is 
a fact that, the old agenda ot the New Deal's wel-
fare state was wrapped up (only decrepit liberals 
over 25 remember the battle for medical car!!, 
and a slightly new agen<b was begun with the War 
Against Poverty. Putting aside the question ot 
whether this liberal Democratic domestic war 
was too radical or not radical enough, I think 
we would all agree that it was not conducted with-
out dissent or without social convulsIons. This 
domestic war divided the nation as much as the 
foreign war in Viet Nam. Many of us participated 
in the domestic war . We were in Selma, we were 
in Birmingham, if not in person, then by proxy, 
thanks to the tube. We were in Vista, the Job 
Corps, Head Start, whether we belIeved In the 
efficacy of the liberal Democratic domestic war 
or not. It was, after all, the only game in town. 
And it divided the country. That is the point. 

Food for Peace 
By dividing the country, in far more devious 

ways than Vi~t Nam, the liberal democrat's do-
mestic war gave the peace movement strength 
by harassing its potential enemies. Ooe might 
almost say that the fissures created within this 
country by the vigorous (if wrong-headed) domestic 
policies of Kennedy and Johnson (above all in the 
area of cIvil rights) permitted the antl-Viet Nam 
war movement to succeed. Foes of the peace 
movement, Including many who wished to bomb 
Hanoi back to the stone age or "nuke" all the 
Commies, were busy fighting on the home front, 
resisting the threatened changes ot the domestic 
war. It is not by coincidence that George Wallace 
became a super-hawk quite late, He was pre-
occupIed before--standing in the schoolhouse door, 

The silent, white majority, fearing school de-
segregation, new Negro voters, integrated neigh-
borhoods, equal opportunity fanatics, and rising 
welfare budgets were too absorbed with fending 
off Kennedy-Johnson to bother with those who were 
resisting Kennedy-Johnson 01\ the Issue of the 
"other" war In Viet Nam. Wltoout the support 
01 this Silent, white majority, in the ba.ckwoods 
01 MISSiSSippi, the mixed nelPborhoods of Cleve-

I suggest that the domestic war, not the foreign 
war, sapped Mr, Johnson's politi cal power and made 
hIm a pushover for the peace movement. Robert 
Kennedy, calling for self-determination in VietNam 
anH In black ghettoes. ran well with the silent 
majority ethnics. The voters in Orange County 
and Indianapolis knew he wasn't preaching the 
liberal Democratic 1 in e on integration. They 
weren't so sure about the bold ADA civil rights 
crusader, Hubert Horatio Humphrey. Humphrey 
was maimed by the feat that the domestic war 
would continue to hear up , The fact that he was 
largely LBJ's mouth-piece on Viet Nam probably 
swung less votes to Nixon than the fact that he 
was his own man on the domestic war and a liberal 
one at that. 

United W. Stand? 

Richard Mllhous Nixon, the Black Prince of PoU. 
tics, knows this, and I think we had better know It, 
too. Mr. Nixon is not terribly enthusIastic about 
prosecuting the domestic war. And why should he 
be? He knows the silent, white majority hates 
the domestic war as much as you and I hate the 
foreign war . He will do all in his power (which is 
considerable) to cool-off the domestic war in order 
to keep the silent majority on his Side. He Is not 
a liberal, Irish Catholic Democrat. He is not even 
a liberal evangelical Texas Democrat. He Is a mid-
dle of the road Norman Vincent Peale Republican. 
He suspects the domestic war alienated the silent 
majority from his predecessor. He aims to keep 
it united. There is every possibility that It will. 
This would be too bad for you, too bad for me, too 
bad for the peace movement, too ood for the 
Vietnamese, and too bad for the domestic war 
unless we change our strategy. • 

If Richard Milhous Nixon is not Lyndon Baines 
Johnson and If the domestic-political situation of 
1969 is not the domestic-political situation of 
1966 or 1967 or even 1968--then neither is the 
war in VIet Nam today the war in Viet Nam last 
year. There has been no Tet offensive to dis-
credit the wildly optimistic forecasts of victory 
and progress made by McNamara, Rusk. and 
Westmoreland. The distance between rhetoric and 
reality, so pronounced during the Johnson years, 
has narrowed to the point where not even Senator 
Fulbright and the liberal mafia on the Senate 
Foreign Relations Committee feel it is politically 
profitable or possible to bore into the crevices 
between the new administration's words and deeds. 

Cont'd on Pa •• 10 
c .... ... III 0l1li"(,[ . (.0 

If 
I , ~ 

Spreod he fashion 
wDrd In John 

Meyer's comel 
fleece tun ic dress 

The tol will urn 
to the mock bu on 

tob, the clever potch 
poc ets, he new 

bond hem. and the 
leather loop belt 

I --~ $45. Wear i'w l h 0. Without he motc 'n£! cone leg 'Iy front 
pants. $30 

I \ I 
iohnmeyer 

speaks yax bngLOge ) 

. Tritell T ........ 21 .... PIlI & 



1EWING THE ,WHOLE 
MESSAGE WITH A. 
LASER LIGHT BEAM 

by Steve Stryker , 
Science Writer 

The science of holography has created 
a "revolution" in photographic techniques. 
Until the idea of holography was cry-
stallized, man could only take photographs 
by causing a diffuse light pattern to strike 
a photographic surface by opening the 
shutter of a camera. Now, however, 
light images can be "frozen" on the 
photographic plate with "windowpane rea-
lism," principally because of the invention 
of the laser. 

The primary light source used in con-
structing a hologram is a laser. Lasers 
are used because a laser beam is of ' 
one wavelength (color) and is uni-direc-
tional, producing an excellent r esolution 
of the image on the plate. To ph}s ically 
make the hologram one arranges the laser 
and the other components on a heavy 
surface. A special mirror first splits . 
the laser beam into two beams. One · 
of these beams is divided again. Two 
of the three beams are then guided by 
mirrors, to light the scene to be " halo-
graphed" from either side. Lenses are 
put in the narrow beams to help spr ead 
the light and illuminate the scene evenly. 
Then, the third beam from the laser, the 
reference beam, is aimed across the top 
of the scene, directly at the film plate. 
This beam is spread out as well to cover 
the entire area of the plate. Looking 
through the thin photographic surface, then, 
one sees the scene and above it the bright 
reference beam. 

One scientist who has worked extensively 
with the principles and applications of 
holography over the last decade is Dr. 
Adolf Lohman. Dr . Lohman is a full 
Pr ofessor of Applied Electrophysics in 
the APIS Department. He, came to UCSD 
from IBM, where he was manager of the 
Optical Signal Processing Division. Ear-
lier. he came to this country from Ger-
many, where he received his B.S., M.S., 
and Ph.D. degrees tram the University 
of Hamburg. Dr. Lohman has written When all else is ready, the simple 
over sixty papers dealing with his research camera shutter is closed to block 'all 
in optics, particularly in holography. light emanating from the laser and all 

Being well qualified to discuss in detail the other lights in the room are switched 
the art of producing holograms, Dr. Loh- off. After a minute's wait to allow all 
man began an interview with this reporter illuminative vibrations to settle, the 
by declaring, "A hologram is a whole shutter is opened. For about half a 
message in contrast to the incomplete minute the glow from the scene merges 
message of an ordinary photograph. By with the reference beam on the photo-
this I mean that light is a wave propa- graphic film. The developed film, which 
gating through space with a certain am- contains the frozen interference pattern, 
plitude and a certain phase ... . What gives is the hologram . 
an ordinary photograph its incompletness Holography has been a defined scien-
Is that it can only respond to the ampli- tific discipline since the middle 1940's. 
tude of the wave and not to the phase. but. said Dr. Lohman, not until the laser 
The hologram, on the other hand, is able was invented a decade ago could the 
to capture both the amplitude and the phase holographic science become "a so lution 
of the wave .... Further, with a hologram in search of problems." Holograms can 
you can record totally the entire depth be used to study in great detail speci-
of the picture with nothing being out of mens which normally would not surVlve 
focus (a.s so often occurs with ordinary the usual microscopic techniquesj to study 
photographic techniques)." how fog develops and how it can be dis-

However, one makes a hologram on persed; to detect cracks inside metal 
ordinary photographic material. Where. objects; and to construct visual images 
therefore, does the whole message come of objects by means of sound signals 
from? The answer, Dr. Lohman aptly passed through them. 
explained, is that what is recorded in A new technique is being developed 
1 hologram is the interference of two for holographing after-images. An after-
waves , not just the waves themselves. image is the picture "left" on the re-
as when one takes an ordinary photograph. tina after, say, one looks into a bright 
In making a hologram one of the light light. The idea is to capture this image 
waves comes from an object, and the in hologram form before it vanishes, 
other wave comes from a reference source. since no one has yet been able to ex-
It is the interference process which re- perimentally present physical proof of 
cords the phase of the wave on the plate. its existence. 

Fish at the Sauna? 
by Kithy ....... , 

Stiff WriIIr 
How would you like to take a course 

ahout trout fishing in America? Twenty-
two freshmen in a Contemporary Issues 
section directed by Lenny Bourin think 
they have a pretty good deal . 

"It's run like a class should be run," 
said one, pushing up his glasses thought-
fully. "In other courses, like math, 
you go and they tell you stuff and you 
give it back to them . This class is 
where it·s at ." 

Where it's at Is the sauna bath on 
a Monday night, sometimes at the flag-
pole, wherever there's a movie screen, 
or just around, you know. The title 
of the class, "Trout Fishing in America," 
comes from a book of poetry by Richard 
Brautlgan about life in these United States. 
That's what the class focuses on. One 
time they met and viewed fUms of rock 
groups that Lenny had taken. The time 
everyone gathered in the sauna, the ob-
jective was to take away any of the 
facades that clothing makes. Once, Mary 
Avery, an academic assistant, came in 
to tell about her experiences in South 
Africa this past summer. 

Changing the meeting place 'and time 
of the class, switching topics and lec-
turers, (if yO'l can call them that) , is 
to stimulate the students into discussions . 
"These discussions," says Lenny "may 
put people on different sides of the ques-
tions. but the important thing is the feel-

... . 

ings the kids have under their words. 
Some of the kids may take a pretty li-
beral stand, others may be pretty far' 
to the right and they all get pretty 

, up tight at times. This is the thing I'm 
getting at." 

"Trout fishing in America" Isn't all 
that's done in this class. Lenny Is 
working to have hi s class make their 
own movie, though "first you have to 
figure out what you want to mak e a 
movie about, then you have to figure out 
how to work the equipment." Class work 
also involves acting. One evening when 
they all met at the flag pole It was to 
plan action of interrupting the Contempo-
rary Issues Lecture Class because the 
guest speakers that evening were a judge, 
a policeman, and two attorneys. The 
freedom of speech motive seemed to be 
reciprocal to the old " do unto others 
as you would have them do unto you," I 
so in the middle of the lecture several 
people strode across the stage or suddenly 
rustled down the middle of an aisle. 
But as Lenny told the class beforehand, 
"The easiest thing is planning. The 
hardest thing is doing." 

Sometimes there isn't anything doing. 
Nobody comes or only half of the class 
does or nobody can lind where It is. 
Or sometimes a person (so she said) 
has a dentist's appointment or another 
person (so he said) was really down. 
There are unstructured reasons why an 
unstructured class doesn't always come 
ofr. But that's how it Is living in America 
today. 

I1111111111111111111111111111111 1IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIr 
New Procedure for 'I' Grades send the "1" grade to the regis-trar with notification of how long 

the student had to do th~ incom-
plete work. The " 1" was then 
removed by an examination equi-
valent to the final examination 
and/or completion of the assigned 
class work. 

DSC LASSIFIEDSC LASSIFIEDS 
' IEDSC LASSIFIESDC LASSIFIE 
:SIFIEDSC LASSIFIEDSC LASSII 
A.SSIFIEDSCLASSIFIEDSCLA8: 
LASSIFIEDSCLASSIFIEDSCLA 
:;LASSIFIEDSCLASSIFIEDSCL 

SKI - SWEATERS 
Imported Salesmen Samples 

at cost 
Men's and Women's 

ALL SIZES 
279- 8618 

11111111111111111111111111111111 11111111I111111111111111111111I 

FOOTBALL? WHO NEEDS IT? 
San Diego State does. 
UCSD doesn't. 
To find out why. watch 

"UNDER 30: 
UNDEFEATJ~D, UNTRIED," 

at 10 p.m., Sum;ay, on KEB8-T' 
CHANNEL 15. 

IIIIIII IIIIIIII ~ IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII 
INTERNATICNAL S'iUuC:NT 
CLUB 'JF AMERICA 

social events -travel seminars 
Coming Soon 

REDUCED TRAVEL 
ARRANGEIAENTS TO: 

JAPAN, EUROPE, ISRAEL 
available only to members 
tor turther information contactj 

l.S.C.A. 
5285 Joan Court 
San Diego, Calif. 92115 
Phone: 582- 3333 or 

444- 3592 

Lost black, brown, and white 
PUppy 

Beagle Markings 
a Months old - named Dodger 
........................................ 

6654 La Jolla Blvd. 

Pam Peterson 454-1316 

I11111111111111111111111111111111 
WHeRE AnE AT, • THE SACRED 
COWS? ......... 
IDEALISTS TAKE HEED:: ....... 
Grasp tightly your splendid 
lllusions; Keep your r ose 
colored glasses on ............. .. 
THE NAKED TRUTH IS A 
CRUEL REALITY. 

1111111111111111111111111111111 

FOR SALE: 1962 Aifa Romeo 
Spyder. 26mpg. gooo condition. 
Call Jim Ruppel, 755 7268 or 
see It at 1911 Coast, Del Mar. 

I1111111111111111111111111111111 
',1.. Tritu Till .. , "'V. 21, 1919 

by Raoul Contreras 
Staff Writer 

With the end of the first quar-
ter in sight, Ronald J. Bowker, 
of the Registrar's Office, wishes 
to inform students of a change 

,in the procedure for obtaining 

"incomplete" grades. 
In the past the student could 

obtain the "incomplete' grade 
by simple verbal agreement with 
the instructor, provided the stu-
dent's work was of passing qual-
ity. The instructor would then 

'Gone to Graveyards, Every On.e' 
by Po rtill La Touche, 

Staff WriIIr 
Little children and old folks 

joined UCSD students and faculty 
at a Moratorium Candlelight 
Vigil Friday night in La Jolla 
Cove park. The Viet Nam Mora-
torium Committee and local 
churches arranged the evening 
of folk singing and poetry read-
ing. 

About 1000 people assembled 
on the lawn to sing "Where 
Have All the Flowers Gone?" 
and to listen to anti-war poetry 
and songs as presented by local 
talent. 

Through the fog one could see 
candles nickering symbolically, 
representing the flame in the 
hearts of the dedlcated-to-peace 
peop! e. One 1 itt 1 e Child, en-
tranced with the words of UCSD 
poet Ben Wright, asked his father, 
"Why is there war?" 

But everyone at this folk ses-
sion already knew why there 
was war. And they all knew they 
didn't want any mor e. "Peace 

in Viet Nam nowl" was the com-
mon cry. 

"So what good does this do, 
but remind 1,000 already-con-
vinced people that the U.S. must 
get out of Viet Nam?" asked 
UCSD stu den t Richard Eaton. 
"We should be telling everyone 
who isn't here what the hell is 
going on. This poetry reading is 
all very well and nice, but there's 
a war to be stopped." 

Yes, there's a war to be 
stopped. ~r churches in La Jolla 
are now preaching it, our pro-
fessor s are teaching it, but we 
don't seem to be reaching it. .. 
peace, that is. That Idealistic 
commodity that tho s e in the 
candlelight vigil all raised their 
voices about; that metaphysical 
way oC existence that provoked 
such songs as "The Great Man-
della." 

As the crowd dispersed, one 
might have been inspired to think 
about all those graveyards, and 
how we might s top the war in 
Viet Nam, but no one came up 
with any answers. 

The new procedure requires 
that the student-instructor verbal 
agreement be accompanied by a 
"request for incomplete" form. 
This form will include a state-
ment by the student in support 
of his request, a summary of the 
incomplete work, and a schedule 
for its completion. 

The student obtains this Corm 
from either the registrar, the 
provost, or the department sec-
retary. He then takes it to the 
cashier, where it is validated 
upon payment of a $5 fee, and then 
to the instructor. The Instructor 
approves It by signing and by cer-
tifying that the student's work 
is of passing quality, but in-' 
complete for valid reasons (cir-
cumstances beyond his control--
fllness, personal or family tra-
gedy. unusual emotional stress, 
etc.). The instructor is then re-
sponsible for notltying the reg-
istrar if and when the work is 
completed. 

·T·r·i·~~·~ iTi;'~ ~··~~·~d ~YOii i 
Work lor two units credit 
and the power of the printed 
word Apply: Bldg. 250 

'. 

Who Makes 
I 

Everything 
Run 
on this Campus~ 
Anyway?, 

by Lynne Varboroulh, 
Staff Writer 

Certain tacets of a college community are highly 
prone to criticism. These are the service enterprises 
which accommodate the general campus with necessary 
public facilities. On this campus much of this activity 
is handled by the Auxiliary Enterprise Department. 
It manages the parking system, the bookstore, the res-
idence halls and the cafeterias. 

Auxiliary Enterprises is headed by two men: Oscar 
Norr, who is primarily concerned with financial prob-
lems such as preparing accounts, projections , financial 
s tudies , and the residence hall records; and Bill Bor-
sari, who works with departmental long-range goals , 
trying to tie the needs of all the individual colleges 
together. Some of the problems involved in these ser-
vice systems, and tuture programs being considered 
to alleviate these problems. were discussed in an in-
terview with these two men. 

P.rking 
Many complaints have been voiced concerning the 

current parking system, wherein parking permits for 
different areas cost the same amount and are issued 
according to a per~on "status in the University". The 
more advantageous parking spaces are made avail-
able only to certain people (the administration, faculty, 
and graduate students). A more equitable system is 
now under consideration in which people with the great-
est advantage in their parking area would pay the most 
money. No status distinction would be made. According 
to Mr. Borsari and Wayne Round, Manager of the Park-
ing Office, the main problem involved here is deciding 
which spaces would be the most advantageous; a favor-
able parking position for one person might be a dis-
advantageous one for another. This is further com-
plicated by the lact that people will be continually mov-
ing lrom · temporary to permanent buildings and thus 
changing their parking area. Also, a much stronger 
parking enforcement system than Is now in existence 
would be required to ensure those permit hoMers pay-
ing more money the parking spaces that they have 
reserved. A student-faculty-administration committee 

has· been formed and will discuss this and other alter-
natives to the current system. 

What is being done to create more parking space for 
the college? This year some emergency measure parking 
spaces are being made available to fill the need of a 
growing campus. In front of the bookstore the parking 
meters will be removed, making the entire area one 
hour permit parking. Many permit bolders have been 
forced to use the meters due to a shortage of spaces. 
Parking has already been made available east of the 
gymnasium and on part of Gilman Drive. This area 
accomodates 80-90 cars. East of building 2A-2A' a large 
area that accomodates 400-600 cars has been created. 
An aOO-car parking lot is in the process of being com-
pleted just n9rth of the Muir College buildin~s. 

Why are all parking tickets paid to the city of San 
Diego? At this time a state statute requires that all of 
the parking violation fines go to the city. This is the 
case on all of the University campuses. In order to 
share revenues, new legislation would have to be passed. 
Other campuses have and are attempting this. In 1961 
UCLA wrote such legislation and took it to the state 
legislature, where it died in committee. Any such- leg-
islation faces strong opposition from people who feel 
that since the University does not pay taxes and yet 
benefits from city services and state land, there is no 
valid reason to request more revenues from the cities, 
even though all parking enforcement is financed by the 
University. Mr. Round feels that sharing revenues with ' 
the city would enable a reduction of parking tees. 

Bookstore 
What validity is there in the charges that our books 

are overpriced? The textbook industry has a standard 
pricing structure that varies within only l! small per-
centage throughout the country. There is a very low 
margin of profit made on textbooks. Differences in text-

. book prices are the result of different bookstore oper-
ations. These differences are based on the policy of 
tbe institiutions concerning wbich parts of the bookstore 
should be self-supporting. 

The UCSD bookstore, as all Auxiliary Enterprises, 
is entirely self-supporting. It receives no tax support. 
It is funded through a Regent's loan, or Regent's advance, 
that can only be used lor inventory expansion. Mr. 
Borsari stated that "The goal on this campus is to 
run the bookstore operations at as close to a break-
even figure as possible. The minute you get into dis-
counts you are really manipulating figures , charging 
enough money during the year to enable you to support 
tbe discounts. The amount of money you are discounting 
has to be made up by someone or some area." 

The bookstore's main concern is expanding the inven-
tory enough to keep pace with the colleges. All expansion 
is oo.sed on demand. To quote Paul Mares, bookstore 

, manager. "If it wasn't needed and didn't sell, we wouldn't 
have it." 

At this time the greatest need and main emphasis 
is book expansion. With more classes changing from 
using one or two textbooks to many paperbacks and 
large recommended reading lists, this expansion becomes 
especially important. Another factor affecting the ex-
pans ion expense is the growth of the Medical School. 
which requires extremely expensive textbooks and sup-
plies. The non-required book section is also being 
greatly expanded by demand from the faculty and stu-
dents. Much of the Regent's loans , and operations profits 
have gone into non-required book expansion. All sundry 
profits also go to book expansion. Decrease in or re-
moval of sundries would, Mr. Mares feels. "reduce 
book expansion," 

Concomitant with inventory expansion Is the need for 
physical expansion to house the added supplies. At 
this time the bookstore occupies 7000 square feet. 
Next year it will be necessary to expand and occupy 
the space now being used by the Cluster I library, 
an additi!)li3nOOO quare feet. 

Why aren't there more used books? The bookstore 
claims to be working on obtaining more used books. 
Only a few are sold at this time. Mr. Mares admits 
that there is "a lot ot room for improvement" in this 
area. Used books must be ordered like new books or 
bought from the students. In order to obtain used 
books from publishers they must be ordered early. 
Thus, one of the main problems in procuring used 
books is getting the booklists from professors early 
enough to obtain the books. Obtaining used books lrom 
students is also difficult because they seem reluc-
lant to sell their books. At this time the bookstore only 
buys books during final week each quarter. Buying 
books back throughout the year would be a good start 
at encouraging more students to sell their books. A 
bookstore committee consisting of s tudents, faculty and 
administration has been formed and will be wor king on 
the promotion of a used book department and other 
matters of bookstore administration. 

Residence Halls 
Why has the cost of the dormitories gone up? The 

main reason tbe fees have gone up is to cover the cost 
of paying for the new buildings. The maintenance cost 
.has decreased steadily every year. However, the yearly 
amount of money required to support the loans on these 
buildings has increased "astronomically." Mr. orr 
stated that "The governor's budget cuts, although af-
fecting tbe general funds of the campus, slices into 
auxiliary enterprised too. Mainly on the loan of funds, 
it becomes very tigbt to build new residence halls and 
food service facilities. It's just becoming very awkward." 

He added that going to private lenders only increases 
the interest rates "fantastically." Operation will be 
continued but only at an " increased ratio similar to 
inflationary figures." The prices in the dorms can be 
counted on to go up again. 

What measures are being taken to reverse or at least 
stem this inflationary trend? An attempt is being made 
to create a greater flexibility in what the student has 

. to pay tor. Future residence halls will be designed as 
"seif-contained living units," so that the student can 
cook in his room and need not purchase a meal card. 
Also, this year cleaning facilities (vacuum cleaners, 
etc.) have been made available to the students, allowing 
them to clean their own rooms rather than raising the 
fees higher yet for maid srvice. 

A third method being used to offset fees is the con-
ference plan. This program rents residence hall rooms 
co people at the university during vacation periods. 
mainly during summer. All income above operating 
expenses is used to keep the dormitory rates down. 
This year dorm fees are $32 less than they would have 
been without this program. 

Why must students forced to stay in the residence halls 
over the quarter breaks pay extra fees? There is a bond 
indenture in effect for these buildings in which the Regents 
have pledged to the money lenders that all people oc-
cupying these halls will pay reot. The cost of staying 
in the halls during breaks has been lowered yearly 
for the past three years, and the glIal is to reduce the 
price the student is paying to cost on 1: . 

WUl Auxiliary Enterprises be able to enact th"~ ,,~~ 
grams and serve the college comlnunity in a more 
satisfactory manner? Mr. Borsari f3els that the goal 
of Auxiliary Enterprises in general is "to be able to 
expand the department at a ~:c ......... "h ....... !" nit I 
the growth of the university. The parking lots see m to , 
be a little behind the people who have to use the and 
the bOokstore is always iighting to expand and keep up 
with the Increased enrollment, so our dream is reallj 
a hope we can grow as fast as we n ed to grow." 

Committees have or are being formed for all depart-
ments of Auxiliary Enterprises. Partie lpation is nec-
essary if AUXiliary Enterprises IS te. know full} 10 whic h 
areas it Heeds the r, ,,,' rowth. 

Triton Tin .. , No.v. 21,19& pQ 7 

I 



, . 

MORAlO IUM 
November 14 and 15 . 

) 

/ 



/ 

Wo n d e r I and -co nti n u ed i 
In short, there is very little mileage to be made 

tbese days out of tl:e "credibility gap." Expecting 
little we are not outraged, surprised, or shocked, 
when the rhetoric Is indeed subdued (compared 
to tbe apocalyptic visions of Dean Rusk) and tbe 
results, are correspondingly smaller. The direct 
bombing of North Viet Nam has ended. Negotiations, 
stalemated though they may be, continue in Paris. 
Some Un ited States troops, mostly support units, 
have been withdrawn and more are likely to be 
withdrawn before the end of January. The number 
of U.S. casualties has fallen. The volume of so-
called "sea rch and destroy" missions has been 
cut back. 

SS Lottery? 
More important, as far as the peace movement's 

constituency among the young is concerned, there 
is a good chance that the antediluvian Selective 
Service machinery will be modified by the first 
of the year to provide for a lottery system and the 
drafting of 19- year-olds first. The impact of this 
last development upon the peace movement cannot 
be precisely calculated but r suspect it will not 
swell our r anks. 

So, It is not the same PreSident, under the same 
domestic conditions, ligbtlng the same foreign 
war . Yet many of us apparently believe that the 
s trategy which drove the Texan out of office also 
can drive Mr. Nixon out ot office. I doubt It. If it 
happens, 1 would be happy, but astounded. 1 think 
it more llkely that Mr . Nixon will drive us out 
and that we will lose botb wars, unless we stop 
repeating, mindlessly, the stale formulas of dem-
onstrations and marches which seemed to solve 
the equation a year ago. They may not solve the 
new e~ation. We had better recognize the new 
equation and seek other solutions. 

As long as he is capable of cooling- off the do-
mestic wa r , Mr. ixon will have the silent majority 
united behind him and against us in his conduct 
of the foreign war . Anyone who doubts the existence 
of the silent majority has not ventur ed very far 

·Sup~rt your 
homeleam. (f)~OO(L~ i OO@@~ 

-

**~* .. 

~ 
~. 

from his dorm or living room lately. He his not 
chatted with the folks outside the academic ghettoes 
of La Jolla and Del Mar. The hoi polloi, ladies 
and gentlemen, are really out there. If you don't 
believe me, ask Professor Popkin, that gentle chap 
from the Philosophy Department, who was declared 
persona non grata by the San Oieguito School 
Board after having been invited by students to 
speak on the history of the Viet Nam war during 
moratorium week . This, despite tbe fact that many 
of the good citizens who pressured the Board 
against Popkin probably share his views that dark, 
impenetrable conspiraCies are abroad in the land. 
The only differences being that the good citizens 
would single out the UCSD Philosophy Department 
rather than the Central Intelligence Agency of the 
Joint Chiefs. 

Our strategy should be to isolate Mr. Nixon from 
the silent majority. This does not mean attempting 
to convert the House of Repres entatives. If it 
passes, the Mur phy Amendment will permit gov-
ernors to veto all legal assistance programs funded 
in their states by the Federal Government. Over 
3,000 dedicated lawyers will no longer be en-
couraged to represent the poor, the black, the 
brown, and the red in their suits to recover stolen 
water rights, to prevent welfare departments from 
harassing women and Children, and to compel 
school districts to allocate funds more justly. If 
the Murphy Amendment passes, it may well set 
back the domestic war 10 years. One does not 
have to speculate on how the Murphy Amendment 
will be used by the present regime in Sacramento. 
We can keep pressure on the silent majority by 
keeping these lawyers and their clients in the 
courts. Moreover, we can work in state elections 
for candidates who will keep the pressure on. Candi-
dates who will not, iJ elected, introduce Murphy 
Amendments, but who will seek to expand tbe 
budgets for salubrious programs Like legal assis -
tance . . 

Finally, how do vie fight against the Viet Nam 
war ? We do not fight (if we expect to win, that Is) 

I 
t 

t 
I 
t 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
t 
I 
I 

by demonstrating or by attempting to convince th& -
silent majority of the "rightness" of our position.-
This sec on d tactic--rational persuaslon--has 
shown itself to be futile. The first tactic--dem-
onstrating--wUl increasingly reveal itself to be 
pointless. Barring a major new escalation of the 
war, I think we must conclude that the peace 
movement has mobilized just about all the people 
in this country who are against winning the war . 
With their ballots~ their aching feet, or tbeir 
vulcanized lungs, tbey have been counted one way 
or the other. And whlle substantial in number, we 
are not a majority or even a near majority. There 
is a difference between those who oppose winning 
the war and those who are simply against the pre-
sent conduct of the war. The opinion polls, un-
fortunately, have usually counted both groups under 
the single rubric: against the war . Some in this 
country are against It because we a re losing and 
they would like for us to win. Some s imply do not 
make any distinctions. 

ReclSsion-1970 
On the domestic Iront we may have unexpected 

allies. Mr. Nixon's sagacious economic advisers 
may very well plan us into a whopping (by 1969 
standards) recession which in its first phase 
will hit blacks and the marginally-employed very 
bard, but which will, in its later phase, put 
the screws on everyone, black and white, blue' 
collar, and white collar, in the silent majority 
and beyond. The Supreme Court will cootlnue to 
apply pressure on the civil rights front, Judge 
Haynsworth or no Judge Haynsworth. Try as he 
might, Mr. Nixon will not be able to divorce 
blmself mucb longer from this aspect of the 
domestic war. The silent majority will discover, 
to its great chagrin, that the Burger court and 
the Warren court read tbe same meaning into 
the words of the Fourteenth Amendment. 

What can we do, in addition, to render life 
distracting and unpleasant for the silent majority? 
We can send $1 or even 50 cents to the NAACP 

Cont'd.1D Pag. 14 

Visual Arts Volcano Rumbles 
by DI .. Rufolo, Arts writei' 

~~ ~l.....~ J . . 
# ., 
.... 

POVERTY PRICES FOR ALL! 

HAPPy HOUR DAILY 5-6 PM 
LIVE ENTERTAINMENT 

UCSD's Visual Arts Department, presently 
nes tled among the bumpy rolling lawns of tne Mat-
thews campus, thrives on paradoxes . Its-portals, 
guarded by some of the friendliest and most at-
tractive secretaries the University has ever known, 
are always open to strange people and students, 
who are strung about the several rooms and of-
fices , engaged in animated conversations. Ef-
ficiency is hardly apparent in the Department, 
yet amazingly the Art Department continues to 
function within the maze of University red tape. 
Similarly, eacb of the faculty and staff members 
is quite friendly; time and the smug air of wear-
ing one' s current " projec t" on his sleeve in order 
to avoid conversations have passed these artists 
by. 

are to be brougbt to the University one afternoon 
each week. Here they work in roups in such 
areas of ar as a PaiiiTIDg,plastics technology, 6f 
computer programming. The art department Is 
the first to begin such an exchange program but 
urges others to join in with the intention being 
to bridge "the gap between the ghetto environ-
ment and the University environment, at a much 
earlier level" of education. 

While the department is promoting interest 
iii minority groups in San Diego, it Is also plan-
ning the enlargement of its own department to 
include a graduate program leading to the Mas-
ter of Fine Arts degree. "At the threshold of 
a creative career, the graduate student must 
play a real and significant role in the deplrt-
ment, and in the life of the community as a 
whole. He will be exposed to art, and, simUl-
taneously, participate in the art reality .•. art exists 
in a state of constant searching," reads the 
proposal. The Arts Department graduate student 
will be educated according to three principles. 
The fir st, envisions bringing him in touch with 
technology's "most advanced techniques and ma-
terials ." The faculty, especially Jeff Raskin 
with his Computer Media Series, has long been 
working with new technological devices. Jeff uses 
computers not for math or engineering, but to 
help do his, or any artist's, "own thing," such 
as programming music or, as the department 
chairman is doing, using the computer to paint 
pictures of his own conception. 

FRI. & .' to 'T' Nl'T'''~ III 
SUN. AFTERNUu~ 4 - 6 PM 

--

Support ~r IJjALlYIDNAEIIUO'i:)T,~oEpt:S~OWS "".: 
home airline. * * * * 
Get up and go lor your team. Fly 
to the games away on PSA. 8 cities. 
Over 160 IIIghts a day, All jets. low-
est fares, Call your travel 
agent or give us a yell. 

PSA gives }'OIl a 

SANDWICHES &. PIZZA 
DIME NIGHT (1 KEG) 
EVERY THURSDAY BPM 

PARLAY ROOM TAVERN 

W. 15th st. 
OF OEL ,MAR) 

SPEAK,ING OF 
DIAMtDNDS ... 

8;1 MAX SCHlADE~ 
SOON-TO-BR F.NGAGED? 

Buying a dtamona tS an mvestment, in 
beauty, for a very special person. It is an 
investment in the future because a diamond 
is forever. 

Our business is diamonds. Our diamond 
presentation gives you interesting and 
accurate information. 

You will find the largest selection of 
ring styles in the area. Before you buy, 
check our prices. 

rt Carved Diamond Center 

ApPOintment 
nytime 

5190 College Ave. 
Diamond Appraisal W&tch Repair 

Hours 9:30 I" , ,)() .Jewelry Repair 

Page 10 Triton Tim • No\#-.' 21. 

Eccentr iC ity is rampant. Yet innumerable crea-
tive projects are carr ied out daily. The faculty 
artists disappear into their studios--converted 
garages fully equipped with blow guns and any 
other art material needed--and emerge with some-
thing like Newton Harrison's body-heat sensitive 
plastic wall which forms rainbows ot circular 
color; Don Lewallen's paintings full of hidden, 
changing shapes; or perhaps Mike Todd's dancing, 
geometrical SCUlptures. 

Another example of the department's produc-
tivity Is Jeff Raskin 's toy show, just opened at 
(David Antin's) UCSD Art Gallery. The building 
is fllled with toys, a hundred plastic miniatures 
of tbe adult world--real baking ovens and dis-
washer standing maybe two feet tall. The only 
toy noticeably absent Is the traditional toy soldier. 

But it Is not just toys that the public is welcome 
to come and see. There are a number of guest 
lecturers scheduled, by invitation of the Art De-
partment, to talk seriously on art. Coming soon 
is Britlsher Philip King, whose sculpture is cur-
rently on exhibit at the stockholm Museum of 
Modern Art; and, in January, New York's scul-
ptor Al Held, presently an associate professor 
at Yale Univer s ity. Barbara Rose, an art his-
torian, will be the visiting lecturer in february. 

Not all of the Art Department's activities are 
intended to feed culture into the University com-
munity. The department 's chiarman, Harold Co-
hen, and one of the faculty artists, Newton Har-
r ison, have initiated an Urban Crisis Program 
project entitled "Positive Prophecy." A gr oup 
of 45 te nth-grade students from Lincoln High 

To this end, Jeff Raskin -taught a course on 
computer programming this quarter which, in ad-
dition to an advanced sequel, w1ll bE! repeated 
for the next two quarters. He constantly empha-
sizes that the computer must be conceived "less 
like a. specific tool than as a medium as far as 
the arts are concerned. It is a tool of the artist's 
expression, like paint." 

The second and tbird principles guiding the visual 
arts department's graduate education are, re-
spectively, a program of intellectual and his-
toricaI studies including the "Interdisciplinary Col-
loquia, whose purpose is to invest the student 
with a real awareness of the roles and achieve-
ments of creative minds in all areas of human 
endeavor," and "independent, self-motivated or-
ginal research involved in the s tudent's own work." 

So, if you stop by the Visual Arts Department 
at UCSD some day, don't let the easy open tempo 
s urprise you. Underneath all that warmth is a 
volcano of creative activity. 

ever wond.r how I newsplper like this gets produced? 
find out Ind get 2 units credit while you do 

Ipply 
bldg. 

250, MC 
~ ......... ,.""" .................. , .. u ·; .. #'#H".H .... ,.ii .. "., •• "H~,h"I'I',.",.'I'''I'''H 

. . 

• 

-II • 

. . 

t 

, . 

For 101 years the residents 
of California b a v e been able 
to attend the University of Cali-
fornia tuition-free. It now ap-
pears that this policy will be 
changed during the months to 
come by the Board of Regents. 

The institution of one of the 
four proposals for tuition would 
revoke a provision of the Or-
ganic Act of 1868 that established 
the university system and stated 
that tuition shall not be charged 
to all residents of the state. 

The latest attempt to levy a 
tuition began three years ago 
when Ronald Reagan was elected 
Governor. In his first attempt, 
in August 1967, he was thwarted 
by a 14-7 vote. That proposal 
contained a tuition of $250 for 
the UniverSity and $180 for the 
state colleges. 

The Regents who favored tui-
tion in 1967 were Phillip Boyd, 
John Canaday, Allan Grant, Mrs. 
William Randolpb Hearst, Super-
intendent of Education Max Raf-
ferty, and the Governor. Addi-
tional members that are now 
leaning in that direction are Lt. 
Governor Ed Reinecke, Assembly 
Speaker Monagan, Joseph Moore 
Jr., W. Glenn Campbell, Robert 
O. Reynolds, Dean Watkins, and 
William French Smith. 

Board members who appear 
to be for tuition also include 
Chairman DeWitt Higgs, Edward 
Carter, Edwin Pauley and Wen-
dall Witter. 

Regents opposing the tuition 
proposals are William Coblentz, 
Mrs. William Heller, William 
Roth, Norton Simon and possibly 
UC President Charles Hitch. 

This tally adds up to a mini-
mum of 13 votes in favor of 
tuition out of a possible 24 votes 
on the Board. Regent William 
forbes cited the decision of the 
Board recently: "They have ,the 
votes," said Forbes, "I just 
want it to be a roll call vote. 
I want it to be very clear that 
it is a Reagan thing, because 
r think in the future, another 
Board of Regents will rescind 
It." 

The Governor' s education a ide, 
Dr . AJ ex Sheriffs, stated that 
Governor Reagan has three basic 
reasons for wanting tuition . One 
is that the Governor feels the 
state can no longer finance the 
growing cost of higher education. 
This is reflected especiall y in 
the funds for capital outlay '-

He also objects to what he 
terms making the "poor" finance 
the costs of education for the 
middie classes. Finally, he in-
sists that students will acquire 
a greater appreciation for their 
education if they pay for it. 

Sheriffs, speaking on behalf 
of the Governor, stated that the 
$250 tuition proposed in 1967 
would only be a minimum now, 
and that "twice that wotlld make 
better sense." 

The Governor's tuition plan is 
a flat student charge in con-
junction with student financial 
ald. This alternative would pro-
vide for needed Improvements in, 
but would not replace, existing 
1969-70 state funding for capital 
outlay. With a J200 increase, 
beginning In 1970-71, $9.9 million 
could be raised. 

In a recent Regental report is 
the estimate that such charges 
(after financial aids are applied) 
may reduce UniverSity enroll-
ment by 2.8 per cent and State 
College enrollment by 6.5 per 
cent. During 1970-71, for ex-
ample, so m e 17,000 students 
would be diverted to otber Cali-
,fornla colleges, go out of state, 
or withdraw from higher educa-
tion. altogether. 

A second proposal was intro-
duced in the legislature by As-
semlolyman Collier. His program 
coosists of a comprehensive loan 
program of the contingency-re-
payment type. Students would be 
given a choice of paying at the 
time of registration or following 
their education. Whlle some rev-
enues would be forthcoming dur-
Ing the first several years of 
this pLan from individuals choos-

Regents Play with Plans 
for UC Tuition l Next Fall 

income group iden .ified by the 
Joint Committee on Higher Ed-
ucation as having too high an 
i nc o me fo r s pe c.i a l poverty 
grants and scholar !>hips but too 
low an Income to adequately fi-
nance higher education. 

According to Monagan, his tu i-
tion plan also equalizes educa-
tional opportunity by providing 
funds for construction of needed 
facilities so that "marginal stu-
dents ," often f rom low- income 
or minority group families , will 
not be "squeezed out" by too 
higb admission standards based 
on lack of space . It also pro-
vides no graduated fee increase 
for self- supporting stu den t s 
earning under $10,000. 

ing to pay the charges rather 
than secure loans, four to five 
years would pass before sig-
nificant Income would be de-
rived. Increases in the capital 
funding would have to be pro-
vided from otber sources. 

A third plan forwarded by the 
Coordinating Council for Higher 
Education seeks a higher fee. 
Increases could approach $400 
and possibly go higher. 

However, an increase of $400 
or more would likely render 
student charges at the Univer-
sity of California the higbest 
of any state university in the 
country. The estimated student 
diversion as a result of such 
charges would be significant. Ac-
cording to estimates provided 
it Is possible that nearly 50,000 
students would be seeking ad-
mission to other institutions or 

by Jim Mlgill, Stiff Writer 
would discontinue their higher 
education altogether. 

The fourth proposal set forth 
appears at present to be the 
most likely plan to pass. As-

I 
sembly Speaker Robert T. Mon-
agan states in his preface, "The 
purpose of this plan is to raise 
revenue equitably for improved 
support of higher education at 
the University and State Col-
leges of California, by requiring 
those who benefit to shoulder 
an Increased cost burden based 
largely on ability to pay. The 
intent of this plan is to make 
an estimated $35 to $37 million 
in added revenue available pri-
marily for capital outlay." 

One of the key elements of 
the Monagan plan is a fee in-
crease on a graduated basis for 
California resident s tu den t s 
whose family income is $10,000 

ENCOUNTER GROUPS 
WEEKEND GROUPS 

Nov. 21 7-11 PM Nov. 22 9 AM - 9 PM .; Nov. 23 9 AM - I PM 

ONE DAY GROUP 
December 6 9 AM - 9 PM 

Sponsored by the office of Rel~ Atralrs. For further information 
contact Fatber Ed Donovan -- Enrollment Umited - sign up soon!!!!! 

~ 
BEAUTY STORES' 

UNIVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOPPING CENTER 
3979 GOVERNOR DR. 
453-0261 

DIANE SHOPPING CENTER 
4702 CLAmEMONT MESA BLVD. 
272-3242 

COSMITICS 
SHAMPOOS 

.AYES 
HAIR SPRAYS 
WIGS 
WIG SUPPLrI!S 
GIFTS 

10% Discount with A.S. Card 
on many items 

(for students, faculty and staff only) 

LOS ANGELES-LONDON (round-trip) 
March 29-June 16 11 weeks $255 
June I5-Sept 22 14 weeks $295 
June 21-Aug21 9 weeks $295 
June 22-Sept 9 11 weeks $295 
July 5-Sept 3 8 weeks $295 
Write of call for application: 

LT~ TRAVEL-4246 Overland Ave. 
Culver City, 90230 (213) 839-7591 
Marty - (7~4) 755-8850 

UCSD PlfSEIITS ... 
n.MlE BUSWELL, the 23-year old 

' violin virtuoso, playing the works 
of Beethoven, Sa.int-Saens, Ravel, Webern 
and Sarasate, tonight (Friday) at 6:30 p.m. 
in Sherwood Hall. 

ASUCSD $ 1.75; Faculty/Staff $ 2.75 

Do you dIg or would you like to know 
about the American Black, past and 
present? Either way take in the performance 
of VOICES, INC., a repertory company of 
10 sIngle-actors who use song, drama, dance 
and cOlUlectlng dialog in their adaption 
of "The Believers." Co-sponsored with 
the Associated students. UCSD Gym 
at 6:30 p.m. on Saturdav the 22nd. 

. ASUCSD $ 2.00; faculty/statt $ 3.00 
Ticket information at the Central Box Office, UnlY Hall Lobby 
Hours: 10:00 - 4:00 Phone: 453-6151 

or mor e. 
This plan also contains an 

exemption, for Viet Nam com-
bat veterans who are California 
'reSidents, from any graduated 
fee increase. Tber e is no dif-
ference in fee increase between 
the University and State College 
systems under this plan . 

Monagan also proposes that 
the administ rative costs of the 
plan, estimated at $500,000 for 
the UniverSity, are negligible 
in relation to tbe revenue pro-
duced . This plan largely elim-
Inates taking money in fees from 
one pocket of a poor student 
and giving it back to him in 
another pocket in the form of 
a grant or scholarship, simply 
to offset a sign ificant across-
the-board fee increase. It does 
not impose an added oorden on 
the $7, 500 to $10,000 middle-

The actual plan states that 
all students car rying six units 
or less will not be required to 
pay the graduated fee . If the 
adjusted gross income of the 
student's family or those who 
are responsibl e for his support 
is below $10,000 per year, the 
student Is eligible for a total 
waiver of the graduated charge. 
11 the adjusted gross income of 

Cont'd to Plge 15 

THANKSGIVING DINNER 
SERVED FROM NOON TO 9 :00 P.M. 
Fresh Fruit Cocktail 

Smoked Salmon 
Marinated Herring 

Chopped Chicken Liver 
Fruit Juice 
Relish Tray 

French Onion Sou p all Gratin 
Cream of Chicken a la Rpine 

or 
Tossed Green Salad 

Roast Tom Turkey, Chestnut Dressing 
Giblet Gravy Cranberry Sauce 

8.95 
Virginia Baked Ham 

8.95 
Roast Prime Rib of Beef au Jus 

Yorkshire Pudding 
5.50 

Petit Filet Mignon, Onion Rings 
5.85 

Broiled Catalina Swordfish 
Caper Butter, Lemon Sauce 

4.45 
Candied Sweet Potatoes Snowflake Potatoes 

Baked Banana Squash 
Green Peas with Mushroom8 

DESSERTS 
Pumpkin Pie Hot Mince Pie, Brandy Sauce 

Ice Cream 
Fruit Jel,lo, Whipped Cream 

BEVERAGES 
Coffee Tea or Milk 

BUFFET 
SERVED IN THE ViLLAGE 

CELLAR FROM NOON 'TIL 9 :00 P.M . 

Turkey or Virginia Baked Ham 
8.50 

(Children's Plate ~.25) 

~~da,\~ 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE AT INTERSTATE 5 

FOR RESERVATIONS CALL 453-5500 

Triton Til .. , Nav. 21. 1... PI,. n 



P SS/S/LITIES" 
W.w Son, of Soutll : 

From the first slave days at 
Jamestown in 1619 to the Civil 
Rights marches of the 1960's. : 
the American Negro has expres- , 
sed his emotions In song. Voices, ' 
Inc., brings this rich heritage . 
to San Diego for the first time in ' 
a presentation of "The Beauty , 
of Blackness," to be held at ' 
8:30 p.m. on Saturday, Nov. 22, ' 
in the Gymnasium here at UCSD • . 

"The Beauty of Blackness," : 
researched and written, as well 
as perforlIled, by Voices, Inc., ' 
Is "the story of the Negro' s , 
freedom struggle in song. II Act . 
One traces the history of the 
black man from his homeland in 
Africa to slavery in America. 
African chants and dances, field 
hollers and spirituals express : 
the innermost thoughts and de- . 
sires of the Negro as he at- , 
tempts to maintain his dignity 
and humanity. 

Act Two depicts the end of the 
Civil War, when the end of slav-
ery in America was accom~ 
lished but did not mean the be-
ginning of freedom for the black 
man. Blues, jazz and gospel are 
used by the Voices in this act 
to show the frustrations of being 
black and half-free in the world 
today. 

Voices, Inc., had its begin-
nings with a group of black high 
school students. Four of those 
students formed the core of the 
Voices group. A word-song for-
mat was evolved, and the unique-
ness of their musical/narrative 
style and their self-contained 
capacity to create script on spe-
cific eras, personalities and 
events in black history have made 
them a nationally-recognized 
group. 

The program is being pre-
sented by the UCSD Committee 
for Arts and Lectures and the 
La Jolla Museum of Art. Tickets 

P,rmutations in Sound 
The UCSD Department of Music 

graduate performance problems 
seminar will perform, in concert, 
works by area composers Kenneth 
Gaburo and Klaus von Wrochem 
and works by Earle Brown, Henry 
Brant and Anton Webern Tuesday, 
November 25 at 8:30 p.m. in the 
Matthews Campus Recital Hall, 
Building 409. 

The program, under the dir-
ection of Bertram Turetzky, will 
feature conductors Tim Nee 
and Larry Livingston, each lead-
ing a perfromance of Earle 
Brown's "Available Forms 1" 
(1961), a chance piece with v~i­
able parts capable of 10-
numerable combinations in per-
formance dependent upon a con-
ductor' s choice of elements and 
direction of sequence. 

The concert is' open to the 
public and there will be no ad-
mission charge. 

"Liza Minnelli has given a performance which 
is so funny, so moving, so I?erfectly crafted and 
realized that it should Win her an Acade~y 
Award but probably won 't, because Oscar IS 
archaic and Liza is contemporary!" 

-Thomas Thompson, LIFE MAGAZINE 

EXCLUSIVE ENGAGEMENT! 

NIGHTLY -6 :00,8:00, 10:00 A~~~~ 
Sat. & Sun, - 2:00, 4:00,6:00, 

, f • '." '8:00; :00 ',', f' •• " 

' ... ,2 Triton Till .. , .tw.2l , .11 

, The -Unicorn Theatre. in lA' 
Jolla, will be presenting the 'So . 
Dlego area pr emiere of Roman · 
Polanski's "Cul De Sac" thrOugh 
Nover mber 24. 

"Cul De Sac" tells of a nee- : 
ing gangster who takes refuge , 
in a castle on the English coast, . 
and of the erotic ambience which . 
develops between the gangster and ~ 
the worried couple who inhabit , 
the castle. 

On the same program the Uni- · 
corn is presenting "The story· 
of a Three Day Pass," This ' 
rum directed by former San' F~ciscO streetcar ~ooductor 
Melvin Van Peebles, Is the first 
feature film directed by an A-
merican negro. 

White and Light 

"Undefeated, Untried," a case 
study of two colleges and their 
attitudes toward football, will 
be presented on KEB8-TV three 
times next week. It contrasts 
San Diego State College's cam-
paign to field a big-time tootba,ll 
team with the University of Call-
fornia at San Diego's decision to ' 
drop football. 

The film includes Aztec action 
at San Diego State Co lIe ge's 
practice field, a look at UCSD's 
alternative athletic program,and 
interviews with students, faculty 
members and administrators at 
both institutions. 

The featured spokesmen are 
San Diego State [ootbaU coach 
Don Coryell and the provost 01 . 
UCSD's Revelle College, Paul 
Sa It man. 

On the Thursday and Sunday 
showings, the half-hour fUm will 
be followed by a discussion mod-
erated by Peter Kaye, KEBS-TV 
news and public affairs director. 
Participants in the program In-
clude Tom Shepard, former As-
sociated Student Body president 
at UCSD; Dee Dee Long, a student 
leader and former cheerleader 
at Cal Western; a San Diego State 
football player; and a student lea-
der from the University of San 
Diego. 

KEBS the local NET Station, 
will sho'w the film Sunday at 10 
p. m.(repeat). 

by Bill Allo,lu 
Artl Uitor 

A substantial co 11 e c t io n of 
minimal art I e ads the newly 
'opened show at the La Jolla' 
Museum of Art. An "environ-
ment" by Michael Asher. two 
series of Edward Ruscha' sprints 
and a traveling exhibit of works 
from Rhodesia's Central African 
Workshop r 0 un d out a ~urprls­
ingly varied show. 

The major eXhibit, "White and 
Light.. consists of eight large 
paintings, dealing with minimal 
art. Although aim 0 s t entirely 
white the canvases are not in 
any ~ense blank. The minimal 
refers neither to labor nor con-
ception, but to a minimizing of 
value and color differences, de-
linl!ating areas upon the field in 
a manner necessary to any other 
two-dimensional p a i nti n g. The 
similarity of color and the light 
value create a luminous, atmos-
pheric effect, and the borders 
between areas float above or upon 
the field. The show includes a 
recent work by Paul Brach, ex-
chairman of the Visual Arts De-
partment and presently Dean of 
Art at the California Institute 
of the Arts . Bob Irwin is rep-
resented by one of his minimal 
discs overframed by Its place-
ment' in a small alcove, Tom 
Moschetti, a UCSD graduate stu:' 
dent is also represented with Jam~ de France, Lewis Baken, 
Agnes Martin and Joan stout. 

The show includes a unique 
exhibition of the works of Michael 
Asher, Asher uses a particular 
space to create a unified visual, 

DEMOHS TAA TlON 
I'1OVIE -, loi') 

".GEL BLUE 
Sit EET 'U"" CS (ll In wtltcll you w.1I lea," hOw 10 

IOld. loId.nrg d __ ,r 

TOO OFTEN T~UE I" " 
'Y.I\ "."0 "."'1" 

One oIln-benellltof cJTOPCIII'I9 
out 'I Ihil If' .,dliion 10 ' .. m 
'''' how 10 .~"'''. on your own you 19\19111 .1'0 d lICO'lI« 10I'I'II-
I'ung IJrotl lch """II be WOf'III. lor 

"'" SEC"ETS OF O"E A"D 
OF THEE 11111(; (I', 

flO' .. _ " ..... 
A woman, t,'m,e. cae,., 10 her 

twolll..,HIIoI'IOV,", 

THE TUNA FISH 
KISS til, 

tactile, and auditory atmosphere. 
Lighting, carpet, color and walls 
are carefully blended. The act 
of decision and the impoSition 
of limitations, not necessarily 
the oJect Itself, is the nature 
of the art in Asher's work. 

The artist stated "Due to the 
unassuming nature of the finished 
work it seems the viewer must 
happen upon it in complete in-
nocence and wit h 0 u t precon-
ceived ideas, The demand on the 
viewer for this innocence and an 
unrestricted amount of time to 
perceive .. .is important for all 
works of art." This author bows, 
to the wishes of the artist and 
will therefore restrain from pre-
viewing the actual work, but he 
nonetheless insists that it rep-
resents and important contribu-
tion to the show. 

Edward Ruscha's lithographs 
deal with words--"Rodeo, AdiOS, 
City, Zoo." The words are pre-
sented in fluid drippings of color 
--like the drops of rain on a 
car windshield backlit by the 
lights of the city, This "acci-
dental" air adds an air of mys-
tery and concern to the words 
themselves, rather than stress-
ing a symbolic association with 
their me~ings. The windowef-
fect is reinforced by the random 
addition of housefiies that sit 
on the field like their real coun-
terparts on a hot afternoon. Ash-
er is also partial to olives, which 
sit as if inside a dampened glass. 
Both olives and files reinforce 
the concept of water forming the 
words on a glass surface. 

The exhibit includes a set Of 
five nostalgic "Hollywood" 
prints. A line of hills is sil-
houetted upon the late evening 
sky. and the letters HOLLY-
WOOD march off into the sunset, 
as in a de Mille production. The 
p a I n tin g s reflect a gffiuinely 
"Southern California" feeling of 
clear atmosphere, and imparts 
a sharpness to the coastal ridges 
that has been lost in the pro-
liferation of air pollution, 

The exhibit also includes a 
rather poor collection of African 
art that does not- do justice to 
the works now being done in 
many areas of East Africa. 

7730 GIRARD LA LA 
EVENINGS AT 7 & 9 

CAROL WHITE' 
PAUL BURKE 

• 

, .. -

Toyland, More than 
Little Boy and 
Girl Land 

lIy Bill AI .. ,_., Arts Uitlr 
"[ want 1tl Mommy, [ want Itl Please, pa-

leas-sssse, get it for me! It's so neat!l" 
The impulsive factor in toy sales encourages 

toy manufacturers to create strong visual designs, 
attractive to chUd and parents. Toy sections 
of department stores have always had an "arty" 
atmosphere, awealing to eye and mind. Even 
adults demand a highly sophisticated artistry in 
"adult games" and nick-nacks. 

Jeff Raskin, instructor in the Visual Arts De-
partment, in an interview with the Triton Times, 
acknowledged the importance of the visual impul-
sive effect of toys, but, having worked with se-
veral toy manufacturers, insists that the basic 
concept behind any toy design is an element of 
projection. Industry designs toys t!ed to well 
known national and international themes, e.g. space, 
racing cars, skiing, trains, airplanes , nurses. 

Raskin has a children's coloring book that he 
feels confirms this principle. The book shows 
what are obviously toys, dwarfed in scale by the 
children playing with them, that are transformed 
in a sequence of ambigous pictures until children 
and toys are in the same scale, the children using 
the toys as if they were full size. 

Raskin's views of toys work on both of these 
levels' a "hot" visual content, and a strong eleme~t of projective realism. Raskin has created 
his latest exhibit at the UCSD Art Gallery, "Toys 
Collected by Jeff Raskin," to explore these sub-
jects and to allow his taste to use these toys as 
art through a beautlfully inventive display. 

The exhlbit iocludes hundreds of toys, brought 
together by Raskin. It wUl feature what is pro-
bably the longest "N" gauge raUroad layout and 
the longest slot car racing track in San Diego 
County. 

Raskin has personally collected the toys that 
" I would like to play with myself." He calls it 
a "collaboration" between himself and the toy 
manufacturers in which his display modifies the , . 
toys by subjecting them to a JlU"ticular enVlron-
ment. 

The show is not a play show. The toys will 
be isolated and displayed Individually, hanging in 
cases disigned by Raskin. Raskin said his dis-
plays focus attention on the intrinsic values in 
each that he likes. 

"Some toys and models represent very dlffer- , 
end aspects of the real objects they model," 
he said. "Some are aimed at the physical ap-
pearance and feature a complexity of detail. othe~s 
are aimed at the material finish or luster. still 
others are aimed at function, such as a model 
airplane , which may be a good flyer but not very 
accurate as to detail." 

Some are interesting, Raskin said, because they, 
are peculiar in what they represent pictorially. 
Some car models have the image of the engine 
or the driver simply printed on the outside. 
There are several cars. which have a frontal 

" captures 
b.lutlfu\ly 
co\ortd, 
Il"lclt "X,. InRoman pa I 
fl\\Id with 
aotWe Iwln,,"· 
Till,.. .. ' ...... 
Is ,.ulan and It Is 

,.....,,~ I" tM .. -
wltll ..... t ,,"\lIMY. 
till ..... lilt' ftIIII 
'allil" styte ... .. 8IIIIIrt .... tJIIfI-

~ .... !" 
-/I Wei"' , N. V. Times 
- A ' 

II An .,. dlllllt'. ·· 
1I,.xclter! 
l he actnery, thl 
phOtography- lnd 
III \hOle ""no"-
,ut this \n a 
bit-time clIP\" 
_ A,.;Mr Wlto.,." , N, y , ,. •• , 

image of the driver printed on the windshield, 
and his side view on the windows. Raskin seems 
facinated by the duality of the two and three 
dimensional images that this car represents. 

Raskin Is free in his displays, working with 
placement, juxtaposition, and spacial relation-
ships. He added, "I might display some car 
models upside-down because of the interesting 
engine or drive detail printed on the bottom." 
He uses both the toys, sometimes unassembled, 
sometimes still in their boxes, as serious ele-
ments of display. 

But, he pointed out, "These are all current, 
commercial toys, not stuff that was designed as 
an art toy. However, putting a toy in a art gal-
lery changes it. " 

When asked what his concern with the toys is, 
Raskin replied, "I play with toys a lot and I 
get ribbed a lot. Here I am going to show wha.t 
I see In them once I get past its being a toy." 

Raskin came to UCSD to build electronic music 
instruments for the University. While an un-
dergraduate in philosophy at the State University 
of New York (SUNY) at Stony Brook, Raskin 
studied art history with Allan Kaprow. One of 
hls art works was selectel1 for the "The Mach-
ines As Seen at The End of thel Mechanical Age," 
a show organized by G.P, Hulten for the New 
York Museum of Modern Art last year. Raskin 
has also had his work displayed in the Brooklyn 
Museum, and is currently one of 28 artists working 
on exhibits for the Art and Technology show, 
which Is scheduled in the Los Angeles County 
Museum of Art next year. 

Raskin will be remembered from the series of 
mazes that he assembled from cardboard boxes 
for display in the gallery last year. The ex-
hibit was one of the most popular ever held on 
this campul>. 

Traveling With Buck, 
Ratso , Billy and 
Captain America 

by J eff Frild 
Artl Writer 

"Someone once said, "the grass 
is always greener on the other 
side." "Easy Rider" and "Mid-
night Cowboy" are searching tor 
that "other side." 

"Easy Rider" is a painful 
experience, both vis u all y and 
mentally. It is a picture of sharp 
contrasts, a film that takes you 
from joy to horror without time 
for adjustment. 

Peter Fonda as captain Amer-
ica and Dennis Hopper as Billy 
are beautiful. The deep cool of 
Captain America superbly com-
plements the nervous brittle edge 
of Billy. An even greater con-
trast is provIded by the addition 
of a third character. While in jail 
In a small southwest town, their 
cell mate is the alcoholic son of 
a prominent citizen, This young 
lawyer jOins them and his dry 
urban knowledge and with con-
trasts sharply with the silence 
of Captain America and the ten-
sion of Billy's nervous chatter, 

The Story 
Overtly "Easy Rider" tells of 

the odyss~y of Captain America 
and Billy from its "financing" 
to its cdnclusion. It is in this 
narrative that I found my only 
fault with the film. This summer 
I made a similar trip on a cycle. 
I traveled from San Diego to 
Birmingham, While the people 
I met were not saints, I did 
not find the raw hatred that 
Hopper injects into the film. 
His portrait of the natives as 
ignorant, bigoted, bloodless peo-
ple is too much of a generaliza-
tion, Too much hate leaps off 
the screen, a hate that can do 
no good, only harm. 

"Midnight Cowboy" also pro-
jects hate, but it is a different 
sort. It may not be hate as 
much as a dislike, when you 
realize that your heart can nev-
er be as big as the cowboy's. 

There Is nothing new criti-
cally that I can say that hasn't 
already been said. Dustin Hoff-
man and John Voigt are fantas-
tic the photography with its mix-
tu;e of black and white and color 
is superb, and the music is 
excellent. The building of the 
characterizations is something 
to marvel at. Big confident Buck 
with his aspirations and night-
mares, and Ratso clawing at ,life 
trying to remain a human belOg, 
wring you out emotionally. 

What [found both in "Cowboy" 
and "Rider," however, was a 
search for something better, and 
in both films this search took 
the form that it takes in the 
real world, Buck, Ratso, Billy 
and Captain America all thought 
that something better was over 
"there" or over "there," any-
where but where they were. For 
BllIy and Captain America this 
search led them to New Orleans 
and a plastic world that had to 
be escaped with drugs; for Buck 
it led to New York and dis-
illUSionment; and for Ratso it 
meant Florida, where he would 
be a whole person again. 

They all had different goals, 
different quests, but I think that, 
of them all, only Buck found 
the real answer to the prob-
lem. It was when he looked into 
himself, when he made a dif-
ferent type of trip, that he saw 
the answer. He saw that, yes, 
there was greener grass, but it 
was within, that it is within 
ourselves, that we have the power 
to change. This is what I think 
Is the real story of these films, 
the reai Idea in them. No matter 
where we go, or how far we run 
we are still ourselves. 

How many times do you find 
yourself thinking or saying, that 
when this or that occurs. things 
will be different, that things will 
change? What we are really hop-
ing is that we will be different, 
that we will have changed. Idon 't 
think that thIs Is possible; !think 
that we have to look within our-
selves tor this change we want, 
that it will not be brought about 
by external forces, Perhaps this 
is too hard to accept, perhaps 
this Is why we will always have 
a Ratso within us, waiting till 
we get to Florida. 

"Midnight Cowboy" Is showing 
at Cinema 21, and "Easy Rider" 
is showing at the Valley Circle. 
"Rider" closes Wednesday and 
"Cowboy" will run three or more 

wm.u.aGER 
"".R.W.I: 
.111" 

J\Ml1lENDRlX 
"1'm KEINHNf; 
-_ ... _.0,. 
mlLURJJtl 
JaeC.mer 
TRAme 
bee ees 

A RADLKY METZGER P1l0DVCrlON ~mllie 2000" COLOR " ,I/SOIIS UND,I/ 18 ..,," IIOT .E ADMITTID 
(FIKE ARTS] 1818 GARNET STREET m-4000 

• •••• • # 
., ........ ~ ., ......... .. 

• ,'" '" ... . a • .. ~ ~'lltl .......... , .... l1 , .,... ..... 0 



Legal Defense Fund ~ enable it to keep the pres-
sure on the courts, 0 1 he Justice Department, on 
Mr. Nixon, and on th ~ silent majority in Jackson, 
MissisS ippi, and In Pasadena, California . We can 
get behind those fighting the so-called Murphy 
Amendment. We can join with black, chicano and 
Indian groups who are working to defeat this mea-
sure in the House of Representatives. 

Additional morator iums, I am convinced, will not 
enlarge our numbers or increase our support 
because Mr. Nixon is not in Mr. Johnson's theatrical 
position. Against Mr. Johnson--by demonstrating-- · 
we appeared to be the vict~ms. Against Mr. Nixon 
--by demonstrating--we help make him the victim . 
Only antiquated veterans of the civil rights move-
ment will grasp the POint, but if there was one thing 
Martin Luther King and his workers In the South 
learned It was this : make your oppressor really 
appear to be the oppressor and make yourself 
the victim of his oppression in such a way that 
your role as victim is self-evident to those from 
whom you expect neutrality, sympathy, or support. 

NiKan-1he Victin 
In 1969, from the perspective of the silent ma-

jority and others who supported the movement of a 
year ago, Mr. Nixon Is the victim, not us. They see 
a low-keyed, sincere gent, who looks like their 
low-keyed, sincere brother-in-law, and he has 
pledged his dedication to peace. No one mistook 
Mr . Johnson for his brother-in:'law. Furthermore, 
this low-keyed sincere gent has continued the bomb-
ing pause, maintained the negotiations, and with-
drawn troops . " What has he received in return?" 
they ask. Nothing--except what appear s to be the 
finger from Hanoi and a Bronx cheer from punks 
and effete snobs marching in the streets. Mr. Nixon 
is a shrewd casting director and we can only make 
him look better. If additional mor ator iums cannot 
increase our s upport mater ially, what is the point? 
Why not r edirect all this organizational acu men 
Into var ious aspects of the domestic war ? 

Mr. Nixon occupies a loftier position now than 
Mr. Johnson did before the GuU of Tonkin. At that 
point, Mr. J ohnson had not even pretended to 
make concessions to Hanoi. Mr. Nixon has. A 
trumped-up Incident In the Tonkin Gulf galvanized 
support behind Mr. Johnson then. Another trumped-
up incident could still galvanize support behind 
Mr. Nixon. He is In a stronger position--polltically 
--to reescalate the war tomorrow or next month 
than Mr. Johns on was in 1964-6 5. 

I hope that sounds pess imistic. It is meant to. 
I think everyone above all liberals and radicals, 
have underestimated the ferocity of the J ohn Wayne 
syndrome in this country. U unleashed now, it could 
be very unpleasant for us, the Vietnamese, and the 
world. I think the North Vietnamese and the Viet-
cong recognize th is fact, which is why they have 
toned down their mil itary efforts. Mr. Nixon, having 
moved from Whittier to Wall Street, also fears 
the John Wayne syndrome--as much as--perhaps 
more than, he fears us. 

To Protect I CI .. er 
Backed into a corner, he would not hesitate 

to exploit it, but baSically, as a political aniulal, 
he wants out on cer tain terms. These terms 
do not neces sarily embrace the protection of 
mythical American economic and str ategic in-
terests in Viet Nam. For Mr. Nixon, I suspect 
these are of secondary importance. He wants 
out on ter ms, that above all, will protect his 
domestic political life for another seven years 
by proving acceptable to the silent majority. If 

this means sacrificing several Mobil gas stations,: 
a branch of the Chase Manhattan Bank, a Ken-
tucky Fried Chicken franchise, a few landing 
strips, and a couple of harbors, then too bad 
for the spirit of American enterpr ise, and the 
Joint Chiefs. Mr. Nixon will make the sacrifices . 

Pursuing. F .. tIIy?· 
Ironically, i think we can defeat Mr . Nixon' 

and win the war--we, the Vietcong, and the North 
Vietnamese. We, by keeping out of the streets 
for awhile. The Vietcong and the Vietnamese by 
doing exactly what they have been doinst--Iyin' 
low--like old br' er rabbit, until the screaming 
eagle delegates power ~o less aggressive, more 
slovenly creatures like the government of Saigon 
and their make-believe army. I suggest that on 
the issue of the foreilm war we should give Mr. 
Nixon enough rOlle to hang himself. Permit him 
to pursue--unrestrained--what is called the "Viet-
namization" of the war. I suggest he will pursue 
this plan because he truly believes General Thieu 
is Ulysses S. Grant, and that the ARVN can be-
come the South Vietnamese equivalent of the Grand 
Army of the Potomac, led, of course, by indigenous 
Lee Marvins, Clark Gables, and Jimmy Stewarts. 
We know this Isn't so. The Vietcong know It . isn't 

so. The North Vietnamese know It Isn't 'So. All 
judging from the growing number of "treason" 
trials now taking place In Saigon against high 
government offiCials who have consorted with the 
Vietcong, a great many loyal anti-communist 
politicians know it isn't so, or at least suspect 
it isn't so. 

Why not allow Mr. Nixon to pursue hIs fantas)' 
to the point where the Vietcong flag flies over 
Tay Ninh and Saigon? Why not encourage Mr. 
Nixon to lose the war for us? You say it will 
take too long, perhaps a year, perhaps two years. 
I say the risks of reescalatlon will be greatly 
reduced by then, probably non-existent. It will 
be polftically ImpoSSible, havingwlthdrawn200,000 
men, to reescalate that war, no matter what inci-
dent, including the collapse of the present Saigon 
government. It Is not Impossible today with only 
60,000 troopS withdrawn. 

Perversely, I remain convinced that Mr. Nixon 
will become the first American President to lose 
a war . Meanwhile, we should stop squandering 
our resources on pointless demonstrations and even 
more pointless moratoriums. We should divert 
some or all of these resources into the domestic 
war. That Is a war we do not want to lose. And 
we aren't getting much help from Mr. Nixon In 
fighting It. 

The Theater- .the _CrJtic Speaks 
Ity lIrry Johnson, Arts Writ.r 

Okay, so here I am writing all these columns 
about the theater. Why, it might well be asked, 
should anyone bother with the theater? And if 
theater is worth going to, still, why should a 
newspaper bother to give it coverage? There 
are various reasons for going. One can go to 
s how off one's clothes or one's escort, or other-
wise to be seen by other theater-goers. One 
can go because it's "the thing to do." That's 
not really much ot a reason either, but it does 
give one excuse to find out why U's the thing 
to do. . 

The basic reason that "it's the thing to do" 
is that it is fun. To use a broader term, it's 
a gratifying experience. There's the just plain 
fun of " The Comedy of Errors" (or " Hair"), 
of course, and there is also the emotional ex-
perience of " Hamlet" (or an Albee play) 
and the intellectual experience of a Sbavian Drama. 
Opera and ballet add the beauty and power of 
music and motion. New ideas are presented 
and explored, and .different channels of esthetic 
experience are opened. 

Hitherto unsuspected sorts ot experience are 
often found, making the theater an exciting and 
rewarding experience. The vicarious experiences 
of theater are orten found to have considerable 
relevance to one's own life and times. For these 
reasonsJ then I am a theater fan. 

Movies can do all of this to quite an extent, 
of course, but there is an intimacy and personal 
quality, a sense of direct communication and 
envolvement at the theater. While movies have 
greater technical resources, these very resources 
orten get in the way of the focus and discipline 
we expect from the theater. 

When it comes to theater criticism, there are 
a number of objectives which a critic might 
have. He might want to show off how smart 
he thinks he is, using the largest words he can 
find In his dictionary (whether or not they con-
tribute anything to his meaning), and proving his 
superiority by managing to find fault with every-
thing. If that Is what a critic does, one might 
well ask why a newspaper should give him column 
space. 

But one might hope that a critic could accom-
plish something more positive. It would seem 
to me that a critic should be informative in 
a way which would help thOse who did not see 
the production to know what they missed (or 
night still see), and which would help those who 
attended to further appreciate and evaluate what 
they had seen. To do these things he must be 
not merely factual and informative, but be must 
also evoke some of the spirit of the occasion. 
These are my objectives as a critic, and I hope 
you will be Joining me at the theater. 

:-
= == CoII't from Plgi 3· 
- -
--
- -= § 'ot Webster's unabridged diction-

er pull with the Regents. He 
would like to see · more Regents 
appointed from Southern Cali-
fornia San Diego in J!arUcular. 

The phrase "to grow" sParks 
many Ideas from Ham. He Is very 
interested in supporting actual 
courses, such as the history of 
Southern California with respect 
to the sea. Regarding oceano-
graphic researCh, he states that 
if scientists could find ways to 
increase fi sh populations, pre-
vent pollution and improve meth-
ods of fishing, then they would 
have no problem finding res-
taurant owners to finance the 
research. 

= = ary full of relevant data about 
-= = UCSD. 
=:: U the honorary alumni were ' 
=: = to join with the actual UCSD 
= = graduates, Ham feels that a lot 
= :: could be accomplished . Toge!-
= = her all the alumni would have 
= = lar ger r epre s entat ion in the 
= = s tatewide association and great-

In addition, if all the alumni 
we r e regarded equally, more 
substantial contributions could 
be made because they would be 
more generousl y tax-deductible. 
Besides, these c o n t rib u t1 0 n s 
could be matched by funds from 
the Regents and the University of 
California at San Diego could 
grow. 

SKIERS! MAKE RESERVATIONS EARLY FOR UNION PACIFIC'S BRAND NEW 
PARK CITY • PARK CITY WEST • ALTA • BRIGHTON S108 

A 'SKI UTAH BARGA I N PACKAGES"! as low as 00 
including - 7 days of great skiing - 6 nights lodging -lift passes, etc. 

(lessons optional) 
Round trip by Domeliner in reserved seat Coaches 
(Domel ine' sleeping car accommodations alsv availoble ) 

P:\RK (ITY PACKAGE 
· 6 nights loc ging In faSCInating . hlstonc Pork City. 
. 5 day lift pnss Pork City • 2 day li ft pass Park City WEST 

BIG-4 AREA PACKAGE 
• 6 nights lodging in Solt Lake City with doily transportation 

to four farr ed ski areas. 
• 7 day Big·4 area ski pass for Pork City. Pork City WEST. 

Alto and Bnghton slopes. 

It 15 departures : Every Saturday Dec. 20 thru Wv::Jr . 28 . '. Lealie Los Angeles 12 '45 PM Noon Arr ille Salt Lake City 6 :35 AM Sunday for a full day o f skiing. Arrille Los Angeles 1 :00 PM the follow ing Sundoy. 
Makl'. ~e5e~vat ion s ea~ly Call you~ Travel Agent o~ Union PaCifiC office NOW fo~ brochure. 

Plge 14 Triten Tinn, Nov.21,19&9 

I 

., 

triton tiIDes 
rttltT 

The Purple Gophers 
Crunch 'he Atudhens-

The inevitable Is now official. The Purple Gophers clinched the 
Revelle league nag football cbampiOllship with a win over the Toledo 
Mudheos last Wemesday. 

There was little doubt that the Gopbers would win, RDd they 
proved it, remaining undefeatejl for this season. 

Toledo, fired up for their shot at the title, stunned the Gophers 
by handing the ball to Mosely, woo rambled 40 yards for the score 
00 their first play for scrimmage. Tbe Gophers, apparently not 
expecting sucb tactics could do little better tban fumble or get 
thrown tor losses as they were forced to kick several times . _ 

But then Gopher qJarterback Chavez gained control of his team 
and threw to McCauhey In the end zone to tie It up at six-all. This 
was all the Gophers seemed to need, and with less than two minutes 
left in the half, Chavez once again threw for a touchdown, this time 
to Borth, the leading scorer in the intramural program. The con-
version was good and the half ended with the score, Purple Gophers 
13, Toledo Mudhens 6. 

The second half saw the Gophers dominate play. The only bright 
spot for the Mudhens wa.s Mosely, who broke loose for many long 
gains but couldn't hit paydlrt. 

After the Gophers set the referees straight on the rules, Chavez 
hit McCauhey one more time for another score . Garfolo scored 
the PAT and tbe Gophers' lead was increased to 20-6. 

Only major penalties kept them from scoring more. As tempers 
nared 00 both sides, time ran out and the Gophers were victorious. 

The win. qualifies them to compete for the Chancellor's Trophy, 
but, more importantly, a shot at the overall campus championship. 

Triton Black Belt Places 
Second in Karate Tourney 

• 
UCSD Karate Team member Kazutoslli MiyaJce, second degree 

black belt, placed second in the first official International Collegiate 
Karate Championship last Saturday night. 

The All-Japan vs. All-United States Collegiate Karate Goodwill 
Tournament was held at UCLA's Pauley Pavilion with cootestants 
from Japan and from the four regions of the United States competing 
In the individual contst . 

Five contestants each were selected from the Western, Central, 
Eastern, and Southern Regions which compose the Collegiate Karate 
Union. Two members of the UCSD Karate Team, Kazutoshi Miyake 
and Nick Beere, participated in the event. 

In the Individual eliminations Beere was disqJallfled for injuring 
an opponent. Miyake lost the final championship match by default 
for aCCidentally striking his opponent, a member of the Japanest 
Team. At the time of his desqJallficatioo, Miyake was_ahead of his 
opponent in scoring. His punch to the face, had it not struck his 
opponent, probably would have won him the championship. 

In the team competition, the All Japan Collegiate Team de-
feated both the All United States Collegiate Team and the All 
California Team . The Japanese Team was made up of the col-
legiate champions who were selected in the regional eliminations 
held throughout Japan, and included the contestants who placed 
fi r s t, second and third in the All-Japan Collegiate Karate Champion-
ship. 

Rugby Report 
Inspired by the kicking of Pete 

Sertic, the Triton rugby team 
crushed Cal Western 14-3, on 
Nov. 1. 

Charlie Ganster opened the 
scoring for the Tritons with a 
powerful run from the 25-yard 
line. Sertlc converted the try, for 
a 5-0 lead. Following another 
UCSD score by John Huber and 
a Sertic conversion, the Wes-
terners scored on a 35-yard 
penalty kick that changed the 
tally to 10-3. [ronlcally, the 
kicker was a T r It 0 n rugger 
loaned to the Westerners before 
the game to complete their side. 

Triton fiy-halt Sertic neatly 
split the uprights with a qJick 
drop-kick to finish the scoring 
and clinch the game. 

This past Sunday saw the Tri-
tons split a hard-fought double-
header with UC Irvine under 
Ught showers. The Triton Ii's 
won handily, 8-0, in the fitst 
test. with !rles by JolmRingwood 

on a long crossfield st reak to 
the corner, and a pounce In the 
end z on e by Tom Samansky. 
Three more points were added 
by Skip Price on a penalty kick 
from the 25-yard line. 

The Triton I's followed with 
their encounter against a strong 

. Irvine side boasting four players 
from England and Australia. A 
tremendous display of running 
was exhibited by both sides, with 
the Tritons dominating scrum 
play. 

Sertic drew first blood in the 
n ... ,ch with a three-point penalty 
kick, and led the scoring for 
the Tritons with 10 points in 
penalty and conversion kicks. 
Howard Nathanson and Mike Sin-
clair picked up one try each for 
UCSD's remaining six points. 
Irvine's powerful attack, how-
ever, netted 23 points for a dif-
ficult 23-16 victory. The Triton 
Ruggers meet Irvine again 
November 29, at Irvine. 

Cont'd fro ... Pigi 11 
the student' s family or those ' 
who are responsible for his sup-
port is above $10,000 the stu-
dent would be asked to pay an 
additional charge according to 
the following scale: 

. $10,000 to $10,500, $24; 
$10,501 to $11,000, $48; 
$11,001 to $11,500, $72: 
$11,501 to $12,000, $102: 
$12,001 to $12,500, $126; 
$12,501 to $13,000, $150; 
$13,001 to $13,500, $174; 
$13,501 to $14,000, $198; 
$14,001 to $14,500, $2?'2; 
$14,501 to $15,000, $252; 
$15,001 to $15,500, $276; 
$15,501 to $16,000, $300; 

. $16,001 to $17,000, $324; 
$17,001 to $18,000, $348; 
$18,001 to $19,000, $372; 
$19,001 to $20,000, $402; 
$20,001 to $21,000, $426 ; 
$21,001 to $22,000, $450; 
$22,001 to $24,000, $498 ; 
$24,001 to $26,000, $552; 
$26,001 to $30,000, $600; 
$30,001 to $35,000, $648; 
$35,001 to $40,000, $702; 
$40,001 to $45,000, $750; 
$45,000 and up, $798. 

Under this plan, at the under-
graduate level, the presumption 
is that the student Is supported 
by his parents. A student is con-
sidered self-supporting If he has 
not been claimed by his parents 
or persons respoasible for his 
support as a tax deflIction and 
he bas not race..... financial 
support from th_ 'lilt one year 
prior to tM _ 'I 01 1M 

qJarter, or if he has not lived 
with parents for one year pr ior 
to the beginning of the quarter 
(this does not include time spent 
living away from home while 

· gOing to school). 
Graduate students will be con-

sidered self-supporting only It 
they can show they contribute 
$1,500 per academic year to 
their education, not derived di-
rectly or indirectly from par-
ents, and if the parents do not 

· claim the studEflf as a tax de-
duction on either state or federal 

. returns . 
· If more than one child in the 
family is engaged in full-time 
college s tu d y, the graduated 

· charge would be reduced by di-
·viding it by the number of such 
Children. 

The administration of the plan 
would be carr ied out in the fol-
lOWing manner : it is envisioned 
'that each year as the s tudent 
.registers he wiJI be asked to 
· fill out a card and give his par-
ents ' (or those respons ible for 
his suppor t) adjusted gross in-
come along with other pertinent 
Information. No tax for ms wou ld 
be r equired. All financial data 
would be held in str ict confi-
dence. The information wlll be 
checked wi th the Franchise Tax 
Board on a sample test basis. 
All statements will be subject 
to the same perjury laws as In-

. come tax r eturns. 
The total revenue raised by 

this plan is estimated at $18 
million. This revenue can be 
considered relatively " c 1 ea r" _ 
slace very little of it Is derived 

Harriers Take Sixth 
The UCSD cross-country team 

made its best showing ever In 
the NAIA District DI Champion-
ships, taking sixth place In a 
field of twelve teams. 

The meet, held on Cal Luth-
eran College's hilly, five-mile 

Icourse, was won by a powerful 
.Westmont squad that claimed five 
of the first eight places. Beldon 
Burch of Westmont was the in-
dividual winner with a time of 
24:03.4. Occidental, Cal Wes-
tern, Redlands, and Biola also 
placed ahead of UCSD. 

The Triton contingent was led 
by Jerry King, who took 23rd 
place in 26:28. Randy Twombly 
continued to Improve, finishing 
27th in 26:43, and Ed Avol cap-

tured 30th with 26:52. Other Tri-
ton fin ishers were Clark Rosen, 
42nd; Kirk Newell, 54th, and 
promising newcomer Fred Knox, 
56th. 

Since the Tritons looked con-
siderably better than Cal Tech 
(eighth in the team s tandings), 
coach Bob Wilson expects a de-
cisive victory for his runners 
when they meet the Beavers on 
our course Thursday at 3 p.m. 

The team has evidently recov-
~red from a mid-season slump 
ithat produced two disappointing 
meets, and each runner is con-
fident that he will beat his best 
time when the Tritons take on 
the San Diego State "B" Team 
on UCSD's course Tuesday at 
4 p.m. 

from low- income students or 
those students facing the most 
severe financial difficulties. 

To make the plan operative, 
Monagan needs the approval of 
the Regents. He then would set 
up a date for the Assembly Ed-
ucation Committee to begin hear -
Ings on his plan, known as As-
sembly Bill 468. Since AB 468 
was introduced las t February 
it has run into opposition. Its 
chief opponents are those who 
see the plan as Increasing fees 
on those who already pay high 
taxes, due to higher income and 
generally greater affluence. 

Whichever plan Is passed will 
ltj.ke effect next fal l. 

~-4~ 
1~t6 
1969-70 
Sea4(Ut. 

At 8 p.m. on December I, the 
Triton basketball team will begin 
what could prove to be a very 
interesting basketball sea son. 
Coach Barry Cunningham, who 
r eplaces Neale Stoner as head 
basketball coach, feels that this 
year's squad could be a fine team 
but faces s everal obstacles on 
the way to a successful season. 

One problem for this year 's 
. team Is its schedule, which in-
cludes 10 home and 16 away 
games. This lopsided schedule 
is caused by an inat ity to host 
the planned La JolJa Invitational 
Tournament. The schedule has 
been upgraded this year with 
the addition of some tougher 
schools and the exclusion of some 
of the easier ones. 

This year's team, as In past 
years, wlll rely heavily on jun-
ion college transfers to bolster 
the squad. With seven returning 
lettermen and two returning 
starters, the squad does have 
some experience. However, it 
has one big problem In Its lack 
of height- -the tallest man is 6'6. 

Returning lettermen on this 
year's squad Include Ed Babiuch, 
Guy Dimontp, Jim Boyd, and 
6'5" center Ron Carter. Paul 
Kroger and Dave Gregory are 
two additions from last year's 
freshman squad. 

Junior college transfers on 
this year's team include 6'6" 
forward Mark Wilson, Don Hei-
s er, Rich Steele and Bennie Rlch-
ard. 

"Say: All 
are created 

by God." 
BAHA 'U'LLAH 

FOUNDER, BAHA'I FAITH 
J! 

FOR INFORMATION: 
Ph one 755-1 701 

Literature Is )voilable a nd 
informa l fi re lide discussions 
are held freq Jently. 



What's ahead ... 
muir council 

The tirst meeting of the Muir College Council 
will be held Monday, from 4 to 6in theChancelJor 's 
complex, Conference room A. All interested st~­
dents and faculty members are invited to the prI-
marily organizational session. 

field , 
There will be a meeting for all students inter-

ested in joining the track and field team on Tues-
day at 5pm in the P.E. classroom on the north 
side of the gym. Track coach Andy Sldef wJll 
discuss work- out schedules, the issue of clothes 
and equipment, and the meets planned for the 
coming sewson. Those who plan to partic ipate should 
add their names to the sign-up sheets posted at 
the gym. 

senior meeting 
AU senior s and anyone graduating in June 

(ruth year senior s and fourth year junior s in-
cluslve}--come to the special Senior Class meet-
t ing Tuesday noon in the HL Auditor ium. If you 
care who speaks at Commencement, what form the 
cer emonies should take, and wh n the special pro-
grams connected with graduation should start , be 
there and be r eady to ser ve on co mmittees. Most 
senior s have r eceived a letter fr om their r espec-
tive colleges; if YOll haven' t but wlll graduate any-
way, be sure to come. For furth r infor mation, 
call the dean' s office of either college--Hull at 
ext. 2231 or Batchelder at ext. 1901. 

symposium 
MECHA UCLA invites you to a CHICANA 

SYMP()SI \1 on ovember 25 . The theme will 
be "Corazon de Azatlan-- La Hesurgencia de la 
Mujer ueva." What will our future be?Come 
along anr:l find (,u ti . 

Estelle Chacon will be in the r.OP OffIce to 
give inform;! ion hefore Monday noon. She can 
be reacher! at 453 2000 ext. 2010. 

landscaping 
On llJ(~srjay at 7pm, the Project in Environ-
m~ntal Living will sp'JOser an organizatlOnal meet-
ing for :myonr> intersterl in working on a general 
(}Ian rJr ,r.oecific prorJl")sals for lanrlscaping Muir 

coll~ge . If YOII're intere~;t~rj in flowers, a veg-
~t:tblr> plot, rolling r,rass hills, groves of trees, 
(r anythiuv, to help malre Muir l(~ss institutirJfl-
'1 1i;r.r,(j-lo'!J.:ing, please crime; oth(~rwise tile tmreau-
erat s will continue with their vr ry formal [Jlan. 

russians 
(m : 'Jilt rJf every hllr .Je'Ns in the world today 

lIVf:, in the )Vlet Uruon, uurler conrJilions worse 
than the BJark Man in this r;oulltry. 

A .Tew who grew up in the USSH wil l give an 
informal ta lJr abr)ut his exper iences before coming 
to this r;ountry. Thr talk will be held at 8:30pm 
this Tue'iliay in the infor mal lounge , sponsored 
by the .Jewish Student, Association. 

objection! 
Ar e you a consc;entious Objector ? Wou1fl yuu 

like to learn about the siandard by wh1ch C.Oo's 
ar e judged? Monday night at 7pm in th second 
f loor lec tur e hall o · the Basic Sc ience BuUding 
ot the Medical Scho JI, Ho rt Vog I, Peace Ed-
ucation • cretary ot tt Pac1l1c Southwest Region, 
American f riends Eer vlce Com mittee ,Pasadena, 
will b speaking on the subject of Conscientious ()bjection. 

Although part of a continuing course on the Draft 
offered through University Extension, th talk is 
opem to th pubUc. Mr. Vog 1 has lectured ex-
tenslv ly on this topic, and if you are at lJ con-
c rn d about wheth r you Qualify for C.O. status, 
how to extabl1sh your ellglblllty, or how to find 
Alt rnativ CivlJ1an rvlee, you re h artily en-
courag d to attend. 

PI" 18 Triton Tinn. Nov. 21.1989 

MIXED 
MEDIA 

Trends ... 
student center 

A lot ot the fun in college life is meeting new 
people in an informal atmosphere and sharing ex-
periences, talents and ideas with one another. The 
University Lutheran student Center wllJ oHer the 
opportunity for such get-togethers on a regular 
basis each Friday starting around 7:30pm. 

The musically tn'clined are urged to bring their 
guitars or other implements of rhythm. A modest 
menu offers cookies and cider and maybe some 
other homemade goodies. The featurette for this 
Friday is "Abbot and Costello Join the Foreign 
Legion," with a critical analysis following it. But 
don't expect a timetable of events, the evening is 
strictly informal and everyone is welcome. 

The center is located at 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Dr ive , at the junction of North Torrey Pines 
Road on the western edge of Revelle Campus. 

business 
Students going into the teaching field after grad-

uation may have up to 100% of their NDEA loan 
cancelled and stUdents who go into military ser-
vice , Pea'ce Corps or Vista are eligible for post-
ponement of NDEA loan repayments for up to 3 
years. Cancellations and postponements are not 
automatic and are granted only upon receipt of 
the necessary forms by the Loan Collection Of-
fice. 

Graduating students or students who do not 
plan to return to UCSD for the winter quarter 
beginning January 5, 1970, and who have out-
standing NDEA, Regents and other type loans, 
should contact the Loan Collection Office, 204 
Matthews Campus, regarding an exit interview. 

Appointments may be arranged by calling Miss 
.Jane Fltxgerald or Miss Flo Rogers, ext. 2612. 

test 
Want to grade a prospective professor? Thp 

Histor y department has brough Dr. Thomas A. 
Metzger from Harvard's East Asian Research Cen-
ter to campus today for a special lecture on the 
aspects of bureaucr~y. in the Ch'ing Dynasty 
(IG44-19 11 ). All history major s and minor s and 
ottl r i nterested students may attend the formal 
presentation at 4pm in 1205 ilL. Metzger may be 
a Chinese histor ian at UCSD n xt year and the 
lecture is aimerJ at testing his competence in the 
r;lassroorn. 

refunds 
Hpfunds for the Tridenl/70 y ar book and any 

preVlfJUS yearbooks are avallable through the quar-
ter. Aft 'r Chrbtmas, all r eceipts will revert to 
the Communications Board 's general account and 
will be non- refundable. Brlflf r 'eipts from 1~67-
m sales campaigns to th Student Activities (Jf-
fire, building 250MC befor e December 13. 
On .JanlJary 5, the Tr ident will no longer give 
back puchasers' payments. 

pu blic affairs 
COHO Foundation sponsors a nine-month, lull-

lime Internship in PubUc Affairs. Each year 36 
stud nts are chosen to participate in one of the 
Foundation's three centers: Los Angeles, San Fran-
ci sco, or Pittsburg. 

The interns are tun d in to the areas of govern-
meot, labor, business, communltyorganizaUon, and 
political campaigns through a series of field as· 
signments and seminars. 

Individuals sele ted for the program receive a 
stipend of approximately $3,6000. After an addi-
tional ten weeks ' of courses at ccldental Col-
lege, a Master's Degree in Urban AUalrs i s of-
fered to those complettng the program. 

Diana Nave, on of the present interns, will be 
on campus Wedn sday between 9am and 12noon 
to d scribe the program in greater detail and to 
talk with students interested in th internship 
beginning in ptember 1970. Interested students 
can arrang for appointments through the Career 
Edu atton PlannIng Cent r, 250 Matthews Campus, 

xt. 2401, .wh r Mrs. Nave will be located on th 
26th. 

THE 

ASSOCIATED 
STUDENTS 

PRESENT 

HOMECOMING? 
(fre. dlnce) 

FRI NOV 21 
Even without 'big-time' football, 
we can have a Homecoming Dance 
8-12 pm Revelle Cafeteria 

SAT NOV 22 
A fro-American 
Fashion Show 
2:00 pm Between Bonner &P.C. 

Rap Session 
3:00 pm USB 2722 

VOICES INC. 
FRI NOV 2l 
A.S. Movie 

A repertory company of IO ' Citizen Kane' 
singer-actors ... depicting the 
sights, sounds and inner feelings 7:30 pm 
of black Americans--past and present 

8:30 pm Gym 

WEDI DEC J 
RA Y BRADBURY 'The Creative Impulse 

in Apollo Year One' 

eat the coffee hut-
Residence hall stud.nts 

coffee hut will b. open next fri and sat 

LIVE entertainment 

WEDNESDAY NIGHT AT THE MOVIES 

Friday. NOli moor 21 
7 :00pm Unillor.lty FOlkdan-
cer •• 304MC. 
8 :30pm Jam. Ollllor Buswell 
IV (liiolln). Sherwood Hall. 
$1 ,75 for .tudenta. 
9 :00pm Coffee Hut nter 
talnmont. 
Saturday. NOli mbor 22 
8 :30pm Voice. Inc .• Gym. 
Tho repertory company will 
play "Tho BeliOl/ rI. " $2.00. 
9 :00pm Motorial Stuff Blu • 
Bond t Coffee Hut. 
Sunday. NOli mbar 23 
7 :30pm Muir Cinema. USB 
2722. 

Monday. Novomber 24 
12:00noon AS Sanate me u. 
lllA MC. 
7 :00pm 50S. HL 1148. 
7 :00pm UCSO 8agplpo Band. 
2A 2101 . 
7 :00pm Aobert Vog.', "Con-
acl.ntlou. ObJection to Mill 
tarv S.rvlc.... M.d. Schoo l. 
2100. 
7 :30pm oorlng Club. USB 
4030A. 

TU8ld8Y, NOllember 26 
4 :00pm Cro •• Country with 
San Diego State. here, 
7 :00pm Alpha Phi Omega. 
440 Argo Hall. 
7 :00pm BI ck Students' Cou-
ncil. 2A-2301. 
7 :00pm Chrlltlan Science Or-
ganization, Informal Lounge. 
7 :00pm Unlv ralty Folkdan. 
cora. 601 MC. 
7 :00pm Studentl Intarested 
In planning Muir landaceplng. 
Aevolle Formal Lounge. 
WOdnelday. November 26 
4 :00pm Trident Chrl.tlan F.I. 
low.hlp Blbl. Study. HL468. 
6 :30pm Alpha Sigma Phi, 
USB3060. 
6 :30pm Frl.nd. of A .. ,.tanco 
In Low r 81 • Lounge. 
7 :30pm World Fedor.1l1t 
Youth. 8Iak •• 
8 :00pm M CHA. USB3020. 
8 :30pm leten.lon Juz S.rl .. 
In the Imperl., Aoom. Torr.y 
Pin .. Inn. 

Thurwd.y .nd Frld.y, 
November 27 end 28, 
Th.nklglvlng Holld.V, 


