
Speaker at Tuesday rally in Revelle plaza presents proposals for 
Lumumba-Zapata College. See story on page 4. --J.D. 

New Interetation of Draft 
Ad May Change CO Status 

BOSTON (CPS) - - The ruling 
last week by a Federal judge that 
the Selective Service Act "un-
constitutionally discriminates" 
against non-religiOUS conscien-
tious objectors sets tbe stage for 
a review of the 1967 draft law 
by the U.S. Supreme Court. 

If the high court upholds the 
decision by U.S. District Judge 
Charles E. Wyzanski, atheists, 
agnostics and others -- reUgi-
ous or not -- would be entitled 
to exemption from the draft if 
they oppose war for profound 
moral reasons. 

Now, objection to war must 
be based on "religious training 
and belief." The Supreme Court 

Todar Regents 
to Rece;ve Two 
Tenure Mot;ons 

by Sharon Frumkin 
DAI LY CAL IFORNIAN 

In a Ughth'2arted meeting yes-
terday the Regents' Committee on 
Educational Policy rejected the 
controversial proposal to with-
draw authority over tenured fac-
ulty appointments from the chan-
cellors. 

However the Committee did ap-
prove the second of the Pauley 
proposals returning power over 
appointments of employees past 
the mandatory retirement age of 
67 to the Regents. 

A substitute motion to the first 
Pauley proposal did gain appro-
val. Orlginally introduced by 
President Charles Hitch, the 
motion grants the Regents only 
the opportunity to "review and 
comment on tenure appoint-
ments .. • 

Committee approval is only a 
recommend:ltlon to the full board. 

Although Assembly Rober . 
Monagan's proposal for a gra-
duated tuition was on the Fi-
nance Committee's agenda, the 
matter received only brief dis-
cussion and action was postponed, 
probably until June. 

Another measure for raising 
revenue was passed. U appro-
ved by the full board today, the 
Regents will recommend that the 
legislature pass a $250 million 
dollar bond issue to aid the 
university's expanding health 
science programs. 

Regent Edwin Pauley, who is 
the original sponsor of the two 
motions to remove the powers 
of the Chancellors, stated that he 
saw no reason why the propos-
als should come before the Com-
mittee on Educational Policy, but 
added emphatically that he wou ld 
introduce them to the full board 
today, regardless of any actions 
by the Committee. Pauley is not 
a member of that Committee. 

in 1965 offered a broad definition 
of that term, but Congress in 
1967 altered the law to exclude 
non-religious C.Oo's. 

So the issue now returns to the 
high court, if the Justice Dep-
artment decides to appeal the Wy-
zanski decision. The prosecutor 
for the case said he would re-
commend an appeal, but Justice 
officials in Washington sa, they 
won't decide on further ~ion un-
til the case is reviewed within 
the next 30 days. 

The case will come to be known 
as the Sisson decision, after the 
defendant, John Heffron Sisson 
Jr., 22, who had been convicted 
for refusing induction into the 
armed forces. 

Technically, his conviction was 
not overturned. Judre Wyzanski 
merely issued an arrest in judg-
ment, staying the sentence and 
aJlowing for a quicker appeal. 
Sisson could have been fined 
$10,000 and sentenced to five 
years in prison. 

In his 21-page opinion, the judge 
commented: "In the draft act, 
Congress unconstitutionally dis-
criminated against atheists, ag-
nostics, and men, like Sisson, 
who, whether they be religiously 
motivated or not, are motivated 
in their objection to the draft by 
profound moral beliefs which 
constitute the central convictions 
of their beings!' 

The decision essentially said 
that, in the absence of a direct 
threat to national survival, an 
individual's conscience can take 
precedence over the authority 
of the state. An individual's con-
science is recognized as being 
on a par with traditional con-
cepts of religion. 

"Selective" conscientious ob-
jection is also upheld in the rul-
ing. The judge disposed of the 
charge that objections to one war 
(now the Vietnam conflict) but not 
others would open a floodgate of 
spurious claims for exemption. 
At the heart of the matter is an 
individual's sincerity, which can 
be judged in the courts, he said. 

If the Supreme Court declares 
the C.O. provision of the Selec-
tive Service Act unconstitutional, 
the issue will presumably be 
thrown back into the lap of Con-
gress. It will have to enact 
an acceptable provision for non-
religious conscientious objec-
tion, or for none at all, a 
spokesman for the American Ci-
vil Liberties Union says. 

Michael Tigar, a Washington 
attorney expert iD.draft cases who 
edits the Selective Service Law 
Reporter, believes that admin-
istration of draft laws will be 
significantly affected if the Sis-
son decision Is upheld by the Su-
preme Court. 

AS Elections Moved to May 5, 
Candidates Must File Petitions 

The AS elections, originally 
scheduled for AlrU 29, have been 
postponed until Monday, May 5, 
and the deadline for filing pet-
itions by candidates seeking of-
fice has also been extended to 
Friday, April 25, at 5:00 p.m. 

Petitions are currently avail-
able at the AS office in Bldg. 
250 where they mustbe returned 
by the deadline. 

All candidates must obtain 5% 
of the Signatures in their college 
to qualify. Thus, candidates 
for Muir's three senators will 
need 40 signatures , and those 
for Revelle's three senators w1l1 
need 90 signatures. 

Candidates for campus-wide 
offices -- President, Vice Pres-
ident, Upper and Lower Division 
senators, and the newly-created 
office of Head Cheerleader, --
must obtain 130 signatures from 
the entire campus. 

Until such time as there is 
at least one candidate running for 
each office, the deadline for 
petitions for those offices will 

Volume 7, Issue 3 

be extended for 24 hours from the 
previous deadline. These 24 
hour periods will not be extend-
ed beyond 5:00 p.m., Thursday, 
May I, 1969. 

Campaign platforms should be 
submitted 1.Iy each candidate to 
the AS Offices by Monday, April 
28. The platform statements will 
be posted by the AS for the 
candidates on the kiosks in Rev-
elle Plaza and at the Matthews 
cafeteria. 

In addition to this, information 
concerning the candidates will be 
published in a special election 
edition of the Triton Times on 
Friday, May 2. All candidates 
should submit their platform 
statements and a general des-
cription of their qualifications 
for office to the Times office 
by Tuesday, April 29. 

These statements should not 
exceed 500 words for President, 
Vice President tickets , and 300 
words for senatorial candidates, 
head cheerleaders, or Presiden-
tial candidates running alone. 

The statement on qualifications 
should be separated from the 
platform and should be consid-
erably shorter. All candidates 
who wish to participate should 
make arrangements, by Monday 
April 27, to have their picture 
taken for the issue. 

Campaign statements will also 
be presented to the students at 
election rallies on Thursday May 
1 at noon on the Revelle Plaza 
and Friday May 2 in the Mat-
thews quad (grass west of cafe-
teria.) A special discussion for 
the students with the candidates 
will be held Sunday night, May 
4 in the Revelle cafeteria. 

Students wishing to discuss 
election issue should contact Tom 
Shepard or other AS officers in 
the AS Office Bldg. 250, CalJlp 
Matthews. For further infor-
mation regarding the elections, 
call either Jim Magill (453-1695), 
Kathy Speyers (453-0698), or the 
AS offices (453-2000, xI919). 

UNIVERSI1Y OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 
April 18, 1969 

• 

Harvard Moderates Not Likely 
to Institute Major Changes 

(NOTE: Since this story was ilities. The administration be- they would consult other Harvard 
written, more than 6,000 Harvard came alarmed when the anti- faculties and students about pos-
students and teaching fellows ROTC students ejected Harvard sible changes in Harvard's au-
have voted to continue their strike deans from the building and re- thority structure. 
for three more days - until Thur- leased some confidential docu- As often is the case the or-
sday night, April 17 - and wait ments in the administration's iginal demands that i~ited the 
for President Pusey's answer to files to an underground news- conflict will probably go uncon-
their demands.) paper. sidered. The Mem Church group 

CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (CPS)-- Pusey foolishly summoned the refuses to recognize itself as a 
Harvard always insists on doing police in the early hours of collective body of students and 
things in its own inimitable way, Thursday morning. Witnesses cannot be counted on to force 
even staging confrontations. say club-swinging police entered either the administration or the 

Last week's three-day student the building without warning. Ad- faculty to consider ROTC or 
strike turned out to be no strike ministration officials claim Harvard expansion into the corn-
at all. Students did stay away warning was given, but one pro- munitv~ 
from classes in rare inanlmity, fessor testified during the fac- Given the fact that the Corp-
but the boycott of classes was ulty meeting that he was 20 feet oration has announced it may 
not a tactical show of strength from the building and heard no close the school1t another build-
to warn President Nathan Pusey'~ such warning. ing is taken over, and the fact 
administration of student soli- In any case, the police en- that it doesn't take many people 
darity behind a list of demands. tered the building swinging clubs these days to occupy the build-
The "strike" turned out to be and arrested 184 Harvard stu- ing, there is the possibility SOS 
an all-campus intellectual ex- dents. Forty-five students were could force the university's clo-
ercise where students engaged injured seriously enough to re- sure. 
one another in pOlitical discus- quire hospitalization. It is very unlikely that rad-
sion '-- in the best tradition of Various moderate student ical students could ever muster 
Harvard gentlemen. groups met together in Harvard's enough support to close the uni-

The "Harvard way" of settl- Memorial Church in response to versity. Harvard students, as 
ing disputes places absolute faith the morning bust. They cau- a rule , do not feel oppressed by 
in the sanctity of national dia- tiously expressed disapproval of the university. Students claim 
logue. Most students display a the use of police But the stu- they have a great deal of free-
deep respect for the wisdom and dents refused to take any pos- dom in their academic and per-
authority of the faculty. When ition on SOS's ROTC demands, sonal lives. 
moderate students became con- and instead issued moderate de- Another reason why militant 
cerned about Pusey's decision to mands of their own asking that action is unlikely to win support 
call in pOlice to arrest those the university structure be made at Harvard the close ties bet-
anti-ROTC students who had more democratic. ween students and faculty. The 
seized an administration build- The Mem Church groups, as the faculty at Harvard exercises far 
ing, students turned to the fac- moderates call themselves , more authority than the admin-
ulty to settle the matter. seemed content just to have an istration, and students generally 

And so the student "strike" organization for the sake of hav- endorse the faculty' s authority. 
became a three-day period during ing one. They were quick to' There is little rea.son to be-
which students and faculty took emphasize its allegiance to the lieve that the student "strike' 
time out from classes to take faculty, and launched on a course at Harvard will lea to any rad-
an introspective look at their of generating discuss ion among ical change at the university. 
fair Harvard. Unlike other con- the various housing units on cam- Dsitraught plrents can rest as-
frontations, the Harvard dispute pus. sured that Ju'lior will continue to 
is not between SOS and the ad- The moderates were not com- be saf(> at Ha.'vard. 
ministration, with students pletely pleased with the outcome 
choosing sides. It is simply a of a closed faculty meeting 
matter to be settled between stu- held Friday afternoon, but re-
dents and faculty. mained virtually silent. The 

The situation at Harvard dev- faculty of Arts and Sciences 
aloped from an SDS takeover of adopted a resolution deploring 
University Hall to support the both the use of police and the 
demand that Harvard abolish building takeov r. The faculty 
ROTC and discontinue its plan also agreed to e tabU h a com-
for tearing down low-incom a- mittee to assume disciplinary 
partments in the community for responsibility for th pro-
the propo ed Kennedy Library testers -- no civll ch rges would 
and expanded medical schoolfar - be til d. Th y also indicated 

at 7:00 p.m. in room 506 
Matthews Campus. All ob-
s rv rs are welcom . 



April 18, 1969 
. - . - -

Mar es and the University, Compatable? ~~f~ ~:Gr 
t!! .J J~_ - J.- ~ students: ~ ~ Placement Center was establlshed to serve the students and is fin- Last week I issued what Ithought . 

On Friday, February 21 a group of students blocked the entrance to ' anced by them. Some want a referendum to decide whether or not was a moderate challenge to the 
the Student Placement Office, thereby denying access to one Captain student support shall continue for operating this facUity. This would UCSD student body. to contribute 

S t UCSD t 't for the US Marine Corps. be a valid wayof resolving the issue of student financial support, but finanCially through the Southern David tout, who had come 0 0 recrUl would essentially obscure the issue ' 
Those students are now on trial for their "offenses," and the pro- For what is more important t~ how students want to spend their Christian leadership Confl/rence, 

secutors from the administration are buUding their case around the money is what the position of the university should be A referendum to the relief of the Metcalf fam-
alleged disruption of the educational process and a violation of "aca- might eventually be valuable and necessary for ult1~telY the issues ily in Marks, MisSissippi, whose 
demic freedom." , home was recently burned by ar-

Y t f h i int f involved in this case can only be resolved by some sort of value judg- sonists for their non violent ci 
et although this may be he central issue rom t e v ewpo 0 ment being made by the university constituency or a properly con- --

certain administrative officials who are charged with enforcing unl- stituted representative body But any deCision made must come to vll rights activity. I offered to 
verslty regulations, it certainly was not to the students who position- grips with the real issues ~d any referendum must be worded ac- match 50 per cent of student 
ed themselves on the steps. cordingly. contributions, up to $100 of my 

As in most cases of civil disobedience, they knowingly broke one In the opinion of the Editorial Board of this paper mUitary re- money. 
law (I.e., a university regulation) to protest another (i.e., university cruitment is incompatable with the ideal humanistic' aims of a uni- The response has been over-
pollcy towards military recruitment). The students expressed their versity and is in fact in direct contradiction to what such aims should whelmingly - one anonymous young 
protest against the military and the war effort, a sentiment that a be. Thls would be true even is the US mi11tary were not now engaged lady contributed $5.oo! This rep-
large proportion of the student body sympathizes with. The chieJ in th Vi tna resenta a 1/35 of one per cent 

int f t ti ha be th in hi h th did n ee mese war. partiCipation and an average cont po 0 con en on s en e manner w c ey so. was The claim of a violation of free speech becomes even more lud- • 
felt by some to be a self-ordained value judgment on the part of a icrous when made by an organization that forces every male to give ribution of 1/7 cent per student. 
minority of the student body. An average contribution of only 

H the did d in b inln t th tt t · f up two prime years. and sometimes his life, to support causes he does- seven cents per student would cost owever, se persons succee r g 0 e a en Ion 0 n't believe in 
th i i . . me my $100 e un vers ty communIty an issue that has Rever really been fairly There must be a thoroughgoing reconsideration and evaluation of the . 
dealt with. . They acted on their own behalves and have repeatedly recruitment on campus. As for the students, It may be agrued that Contributions may be left at 
stated that 10 no way did they intend to represent the university. to ignore the violation of university regulations would lead to a break- the EOP Office, Bldg. 250, Camp 

It is countered that the only official channels set up to express down in respect tor any regulation in the future valld or not but the Matthews Campus. Make checks 
the sentiments of the university community, namely the Academic circumstances of the Immediate situation sho~ld be taken 'into con- payable to the SCLC and mark for 
Senate and th AS Senate, had endorsed a policy of open recruitment. side ration, and the defendants given as Ught sentences as possible. the Jimmy Metcalf BuUding Fund. 
It Is a mooi question, bowev~r, whether thedecisions of these bodies Dr. R.A.Grandey 
were,in fact, truly representative, especially considering the fact ~ ~ 
that they were made several years ago, at a time when general aware- c;, 
ness and concern with current political issues was lower. F d f S h? 

But what is more relevant is the fact that the grounds upon which . r e e 0 mop e e c . 
the decisions were made have become subordinate in importance, if -
not irrelevant. 

Their positions were generally based on ACLU-like recommendations The controversy surrounding the action of those However, It should be borne in mind by all 
against any type of selective discrimination, or denial or free speech. stUdents who blocked a Marine Corps recruiter groups that he did not come for any such reason. 
However, as is discussed in the editorial below, Marine recruitment from the Placement Office last February con- H ecame with only one purpose in mind - to get 
should not be construed as free speech, nor does the university have tinues to grow. Today those students selected more men to work for his organization (euphe-
any obligation to provide the military with a forum. In other words, for disCiplinary action appear before the Com- mistn). He came as Dr. Faustus' Mephisto-
appearing on campus in a recruitment capacity is a privilege and not mittee on Student Conduct. The Navy recruiter pheles, as a buyer of souls for the mi11tary 
a right. is due here shortly. No doubt there will be Machine. (We might note parenthetically that 

The university was conceived, at least ideally, for certain purposes, opposition to his presence here also. his sales pitch was a promise of an easy car-
on f hi h incl d d 1fi 11 that f t blishin k t Recently there has been talk that right wing eer as an officer instead of the misery of being 

n e 0 w cue spec ca y 0 es a g a supermar e t d t tt a draftee.) Recruitment does not &'11 into the for prospective employers. . s u en s may a empt to clear a path for the J.il 
If one concedes that the university has no obligation to extend Navy recruiter in the event that the action s in category of free speech. The university 's own 

igs good offices to the Marines, the question becomes should it? February recur. These students base such pro- regulations recognize thls fact by allowing the 
In order to determine this one must consider the university and its posed action on the belief that barring a mlIi- Placement Office to be located outside of the 
function both as a place of learning and as an institution in society. individual's right to exercise free speech. For ex- so-called "advocacy area." 
The guidelines must be developed for determining if mlIitary re- ample, Campus Studies Institute, Inc. has often There is no such thing as the "right" to 
cruitment, or for that matter. any recruitment, is in accordance with accused "new Leftists" of reserving the Bill recruit people on a college campus. The real 
these functions. of Rights only to themselves, while denying its reason for the mlIitary recruiter's presence on 

This will obviousiy be a difficult question to resolve, but one con- guarantees to other groups. campus is that all of the lucrative contracts 
sideration that must be taken into account in reaching such a dec- We contend however that what is at issue here between the university and the Defense Department 
ision is that "legality" is, in this case irrelevant. The Marines may has nothing to do with free speech. The Marine contain clauses stipulating that military recruit-
be a legal organization in the eyes of the American judicial system, recruiter did no come to UCSD to express an ment in the forms of ROTC and campus visits 
but may still be incompatable with the phUosophy of a university which opinion or express a viewpoint on anything what- by recruitment personel, be allowed. 
is supposedly humanistic in Its outlook. soever, and consistently refused to do so when Such a contract is in fact what is known as a 

The problem has been considered on another level by some ._ the asked. Had the Marine come to UCSD to discuss "fying contract," obl1gating one party to accept 
the war in Vietnam. or to justify his organiza- certain controls over Itself by the other party. 
tions actions in that war, then he would have SUCh a contract wqs outlawed decades ago during 
been engaging in the exercise of his right to free the Progressive era, but unfortunately st111 per-
speech. Indeed, had he come to UCSD to attempt slst in a sl1ghtly modified form. 
to justify his presence on campus as a recruiter Thus, it seems that the "right to recruit " is 
for the Marine Corps, he would have been ex- no right at all. but rather a form of blackmail 
ercising free speech. before Which the university bows down. ' 

:······························· •••••••••••••••••••• w • •••••• 

· , 
· . . : 

H qritOtt ~5 1: 
: . : : 
· . . . 
· . . . ~ ................... ~~~~~; .................. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~I 
· . ~~ ,---"'" 
· . William Randolf Hearst · . 
· . 
· . 
· . :: NEWS EDITOR 

· • 

· 
· 
· 
· 
· 

Steve Landau 

SPORTS EDITOR 
Bob Gorby 

FINE ARTS EDITOR 
Paul Hamburg 

PHOTOGRAPHY EDITOR 
Doug Easton 

• STAFF WRITERS 
: Bill Ala~glu 
: Clayton Anderson 
: Albe rt tlzas 

Randy Ericson 
Joel Go.)dman 
Jeri Gruyman 
Fred Gr"JIlPWlIlII 
Eric Ha .gren 
Richard Harris 
Portia La Touche 
Kerwin Lebels 
Dave Sa::herman 
Larry Faful 
John Sussman 
Paul Emus 

The opinions expressed 
in byllned articles do not 
necessarily renect the 
views of the TIMES. 

MANAGING EDITOR 
Chris Sheldon 

AD MANAGER 
The Mad Armenian 

FEATURE EDITOR 
Uncle Tom 

COpy EDITOR 
Haywood Gammon 

PHOTOGRAPHY 
Lenny Boor 
Jim Dublirer 
Albert Elzas 
Jay Kromschroeder 

GRAPHIC ARTS 
Rob Cohen 

COPY CREW 
Craig Starr 
Nancy Keys 
Chris Pflugtelder 

JUSTO WRITERS 
Judy Alsberg 
Marianne Decker 
Suzanne Nester 
Dave Stearns 

Office: 250 MC 
Phone: ext. 1077 

WHICH ONE ARE 
YOU TALKING 
ABOUT?-ALL 
EARTHMEN LOOk 
ALIKE TOME •• 

: ~~~ : . .~~~~~~~ ____________________ ~ __________________________ .. ~m~.~~5~~~'~~~:~~I~~~ .. .J 
.~ .•........•••.••..•.•.•.•••.••••••••••........•.......•• 

~~' __ ~C_5 __________ d~A~. p~r1~1~1~8~!~1~96~9~ __ ~ _____ ~~ .. ~ 

III I taW Bong Kong Relations ~~~~~~: ~~~~~~are Unrepresentative 
Dear EdItor: 

Reading your paper made me 
realize that it is almost incom-
panble-e.lmost, because there is 
one it could be compared with: 
the Indicator. They are both pub-
lications of such character that 
I fervently long for the day they 
wUl assume their rlgbtfulplaces: 
sandwiched between pUes of sht 
(sic). 

And I must also compliment 
UCSO for being such a citadel 
of academic freedom, such an 
outstanding example of the nur-
turing of the entire spectrum of 
views on all aspects of today's 
society. The publicized voices 
range from LEFT to LEFT-a 
truly magnificent example of the 
principles of University educa-
tion, the exposure of students to 
dissenting points of view. 

And I am heartened to know 
that amongst us is one of en-
lightened wisdom-Tom Baker-
wisdom that enables him, without 
the slightest hesitation or doubt, 
to determine what major issues 
are worthy of, and what are be-
neath discussion, and upon whom 
shall civil rights be conferred, 
and to whom they shall be denied. 
I, naturally, must be one of the 
latter, for in my blindness I 
have failed to see the lightradlat-
ing from his halo. 

If I were clever enough to de-
lude mysl/ If into thinking that 
you were vulnerable to rational 
thinking, I would remark that I 
am astonished at the masochism 
of the people of California,. for 
they in effect not only harbor 
and often place above the law. 
but actually pay money to people 
who deride and abuse them ver-
bally and physically; but no. 

Just let me close by saying that 
I am looking forward to the day 
when doctors from underprivi-
leged minority groups, who got 
their elementary, high school, 
college, and medical schooledu-
cation through the conveyance of 
the special considerations that 
are their rightful due, transplant 
a heart into you. 

Sincerely yours, 
Robert G. Kenedy 

Open Letter 
t. Students 

Dear Editor: 
This is an open letter to all 

the students on this ca·mpus. n 
is my hope that people wlll 
respond to it. 

I will be short and to the point. 
The action taken by a group of 
about 80 students and some fa-
culty members, against two Navy 
recruiters and one Marine cap-
tain, on Friday, February Zl, 
was wrong. This group's ac-
tions can be put in the same 
category as those of the Ameri-
can Legion against D.r. Marcuse. 

The American Legion and sl-
mUar groups say that Dr. Mar-
cuse should be banned from 
teaching and speaking, should be 
kept from doing his job because 
he Is a Marxist--because his 
views don't correspond witll 
theirs. 

The group of people who 
stopped the servicemen from in-
terviewing or talking to any stu-
dents on this campus did so be-
cause they do not agree witll 
the idea that these servicemen 
represent. This group felt their 
actions were a legitimate way 01 
protesting against what they feel 
to be an Immoral Idea and sys-
tem (te. the Draft). 

But In protesting in this manner 
they not only broke university 
rules but far more Important 

than this they obstructed the 
rights of these men to express 
their Ideas or to carry out their 
jobs (by which they make their 
living, 1 might add). 

If Dr. Marcuse had been suc-
cessfully prevented from expres-
sing his opinions and sharing his 
knowledge with us by the Amer-
ican Legion, the whole campus 
would be up-in-arms. The cry 
would have been that Dr. Mar-
cuse's rights were being denied. 
That he was being deprived of 
his freedom of speech. 

Pa1n1UI as it is for some peo-
ple to realize, the same rules 
apply to the other side--the "con-
servatives' ·. the "right-wing-
ers", etc. The group who blocked 
the steps to Building 250 were 
obstructing the rights oHhe se r-
vicemen. They were wrong in 
doing sol 

Sincerely. 
Sharon Allenstein 

'Dear Friend: 
San Diego has the dubious 

honor of being the host city for 
once of the world's leading de-
structive revolutionaries. He is 
Herbert Marcuse whose term as 
professor of philosophy at the 
University of California at San 
Diego, has just been confirmed 
in the face of wide pubJlc opposi-
tion. 

The sudden rise of Marcuse 
to world prominence has been 
phenomenal. Ooly three years 
ago, he was an obscure Marxist 
professor whose . pedantic writ-
ings were known to only a few. 
Today he is probably the best 
known revolutionary intellectual 
of the world. His disciples are 
promoting violence all around the 
world. 

Despite this, it has been ex-
traordinarily difficult to indict 
him for specific teachings and 
actions. This has been due to 
his obscure academic style of 
writing which is designed for 
an intellectual elite. His books 
are extraordinarily difficult to 
read and understand. 

I would like to share my in-
teresting and terrifying dis-
coveries with you. I Invite you 
to attend a dinner meeting in 
the Gold Empire Room of the 
Hanalei Hotel, 2270 Hotel Circle, 
San Diego, Callfornla, on Friday, 
AorU 18. at 7:00 p.m. I w11l 

:A 
) 

discuss such subjects as: 
1) Biological details of the 

life of Marcuse. 
2) His synthesis of Marx and 

Freud. 
3) His doctrine of the political 

consequences of sexual Hcen-
tlousness. 

4) His strange doctrine of tol-
erance. 

5) Why he advises students to 
concentrate on destruction andto 
have no positlve program. 

6) His relation to communism. 
7) Has he been financed by the 

C.I.A. ? 
An enormous amount of work 

has been necessary to dig out 
authentic and documented facts. 
This information is of the ut-
most value for those who wish 
to avoid the destruction of our 
soclel/ ' I urge you to attend and 
to invite .wd bring others who 
would or should be interested. 
Use your phone, flIl your car 
and come. Make your reserva-
tion by completing and return-
ing the enclosed card or by phon-
tng 234-3187 or 223-6474. 

Yours very sincerely, 
Fred Schwarz. Presi-
dent, Christian Anti-
Communism Crusade 

Dear Editor: 
One part of the letter by Pro-

fessor Seymour E. Harris which 
appeared in the April 4, 1969 
issue of the Times deserves the 
highest praise from both college 
curriculum and educational phi-
losophy points of view. 

He wrote: "What we want is 
not a monolithic department, but 
representatives of all schools of 
thought and methodologies: Clas-
sicists, Frledmanites, Marxists, 
Keyneslans, non-mathematical 
and mathematical economics. • . 
Our task is not to win students 
over to a particular school of 
thought. It is rather to oHer 
you all important alternatives, 
the final choice to be made by 
the student. .. 

Professor Harris has spelled 
out the most vital prerequisite 
for excellence in the social sci-
ences and humanities areas of 
higher education. 

Sincerely, 
John A. Geddes 
Acting Director, 
Career- F.ducational 
Planning and Place-
ment Center 

ill AIIIIIIII ::;~:~~~'. 

1IIIIIItIII 
(CftlT,-,r) 

AllH( GOJ1:f,[,. HUT W(O 
..AINL t~ • 

JOHN WATNE MOVIE SDIAL STU TS AT 8 1)Q PM 
.,.,.,' .... " .................. " ........ "",, .. . 
lED ClIUCUIC nt4l.S S'LUT A.T 9 : l~ ......... .. 
••••• , ••••••••••••••••••••••••• '''1 ........... . 
Thufl will be :-ten', and Wa .... n ·. cta"u ... nd 
th.,t h no entr, r.e . (It!~.u". of Un ' ''. r(f:~ . 
we .111 b. u.tna I'\On-.lct.okolte N .. r ktr •• 
WII! did I.a t Y(f:a r) . .................. _ ........ . 
TltOPMtts YILt. at ~.'lA.Mrn TO Wlflr.'lEIS 

(Editor's note: the following art-
icle is filed by Roger Showley, 
last year's News Editor of the Tri-
ton Times. He is currently stu-
dying in Hong- Kong under the Edu-
cation Abroad Program). 
, Being in the minority in Hong 
Kong is something different from 
the situation in the United States. 
When less than 0.6%ofapopula-
tion of more than 4 mUlion ex-
ercises 95% of the power, some-
thing must be awry. , 

We 12 UC students at the Chi-
nese University of Hong Kong 
can see evidence of the old-
style colonialism of the British 
Empire throughout this small 
corner in Southeast China. In 
the governmental structure, Sir 
David Trench, a British ap-
pointee, is the governor and re-
ceives oUicial visitors in Gov-
ernment House. high above the 
squalor below. 

The Urban Council is the first 
step. government says, toward 
more involvement by the com-
munity in running the colony. 
Aside from the fact that oniy 
part of the councilors are elect-
ed, only a minorftyofthe populace 
over 21 are allowed to vote. 

In an election only a few weeks 
ago, only 23% of those eligible 
turned out at the polls. And one 
could hardly have blamed the 
Ught rain for discouraging so 
many voters. ln fact, the lack of 
power by the council produced 
widespread apathy toward the 
election. 

On a broader front, society it-
self renects the overabundance 
of power that the 40,000 non-
Chinese exert over their 
"wards". The colony operates 
on a bilingual basis, which helps 
tourists if nothing else. One ls-
sue in the election campaign 
was whether there should be si-
multaneous translation for all 
broadcasts by the government. 

The tourists, who are not par-
ticularly welcomed by the in-
habitants of any place (aside 
. from their rewards at the cash 
register), receive extra-special 
attention. A huge shopping cen er, 
Ocean Terminal, was built with 
the Westerners in mind. and its 
extravagance is a sharp contrast 
to the pitiful areas of squatter 
huts in other parts of the colony. 

Another irritant to the Chinese 
at times is the everpresp.nt di-
vision of classes--on trains, 
trams and ferries--which is 
something Americans are not 

particularly used to. One feels 
uncomfortable riding first class 
on the Star Ferry, operating be· 
tween Hong Kong Island and the 
Kowloon peninsula, for it is so 
plush and clean in comparison 
with the second class below. 
And yet riding second class 
brings stares and giggles from 
Chinese nearby. 

A glance at Hong Kong Island 
reminds you of the vast extremes 
existing among the populace. 
While British civil servants and 
foreign representatlves of world-
wide firms occupy fantastic 
apartments on the Peak with its 
unparalleled view of the harbor, 
Chinese crowd the Resettlement 
Estates throughout the peninsula. 
is common to be looking up a 
luxurious apartment complex, 
and then turn around to find your-
self in the midst of the worst 
slums imaginable. 

On campus at Chung Chi Col-
lege the difference between races 
is especially marked, with only 
20 American students and T.A.s 
among a student body of 800. 
10 the dormitories the idiosyn-
cracies of the Chinese are hard-
ly troublesome, and come with 
the challenge of fitting Into a 
foreign environment. 

Greater still is the problem 
of communication, since most 
of us are stuJying Mandarin 
while the students speak Canto-
nese, the dialect of Kwantung 
province adjacent to Hong Kong. 
Resorting to English is embar-
rassing for the students at times, 
because they are self-conscious 
of the faults they might make. 

The courses conducted in Eng-
lish by Americans, Britons, and 
AustraUians, and other foreign 
profs are difficult for tile stu-
dents, despite their previous sev-
en years' instruction in second-
ary schools. Although part oUhe 
aim of the college is to main-
tain a bilingual scholastic en-
vironment, students take English 
courses with reluctance. 

The cultural barrier is more 
formidable. The Chinese cling to 
their traditional art forms while 
donning Western clothes. They 
prefer the bloody samurai-like 
sword films to Western shOWS, 
but give movies like "The Grad-
uate" and "Rosemary's Baby" 
a fair chance; "ZOO I " lasted 
eilrht days. 

By now it is apparent that the 
minority status enjoyed by the 
non-Chinese (which includes In-
continued on page 4 

Unbeatable 
Auto Loans 

Only $4.50 
per $100 per year 

SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA 

w ... " ." '0' ..... 1 
to beat iI 
rate like 

__ - 'fl-..J-'" that? 

WALTER G. ROBERTSON, Branch Manager 
La Jolla Shor s Br 2256 Avenlda de la Playa, La Jolla 



..... ,,- April 18, 1969 
- ~ -

Contro\'ersy, SSC Third College McGill Maya Rappaport 
I 

by Clay Anderson 

SP[CIAl STUUENT PRICE 
Other Special Toiletry items and 
additional Money Saving Offers are 
meach Pac. 

Huny! Supply limited to about one for every five students! ONLY ONE PAC 
PER STUDENT! Get your Pac today. 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 
Also available at Revelle Gift and Sundry Store. 

Inter~;ews on Campus 
MONDAY, APRIL 28 

for 
SOCIAL WORKER I 

DEPUTY PROBATION OFFICER 
JUVENILE GROUP COUNSELOR 

ACCOUNTANT 

... Ii th 
County of Riverside 

Sign up for appointment now with 
Career-Educational Planninq and ~cement Center 
Bldg. 250 (East Wing) Matthews Campus, Ext . 2401 

y ' 

• 

. , 

Pate S 

Education as a Function of the University 
(The fo l l owing is a postion paper for CPE, Center for Par t i cipatory Education, Written by Jim Miner) 

In our fractionalized and specialized society, 
one finds concentrations of consumer items in 
certain culturally designated places. Ours is an 
age of the drug store, the supermarket, the de-
partment store, and the service station. Only in 
the most rural of communitles does one find all 
of these goods concentrated in the general store. 
Nowhere does one find the pioneer attitude of 
discovery and improvisation of necessary items. 

In our society there is a place where knowledge 
is concentrated. That place is the university. It 
is also generally assumed that if a person wants 
a gOOd education, he should go to the university 
and get one. It' s not that easy. 

The knowledge concentrated in the university is 
stored in thoughts. When the general publlc thinks 
of the function of the university, it thinks 01 the 
transfer of know lege through the acquisition 01 
thoughts. This is, indeed, a function of the uni-
versity, but is it education •.•• ? 

Although transfer 01 knowledge is a function 
of the university, it is by no means the primary 
function of the university as it now exists. Any 
student who desires a university education should 
know about the functions of the university. 

In 1963, Clark Kerr, then president of the 
University of California, wrote a book entitled, 

The Uses of University. Because UCSD 
was conceived during his administration, one 
should hear what this very infiuential man has 
to say. In 1966, James Perkins, president of 
Cornell University, wrote a book called "The 
University in Transition". Both books give a 
slanted yet still revealing picture of the functions 
of the university. 

The contlict of interests in the university, or 
should I say educational theory date back to the 
Greeks, perhaps even before that. The Socratic 
Academy was interested in finding the truth; the 
Sophists were interested in llving a comfortable 
successful life, and truth, to them, was unat-
tainable; the Pythagoreans were interested in 
mathematics and astronomy. These were the 
forebearers of our academic intellectuals, onr 
businessmen and engineers, and our scientists. 

When education became formallzed in the uni-
versity, a conflict arose between Francis Bacon, 
who contended that knowledge is gained and studied 
for the use of man, and Cardinal Newman, who 
contended that to gain truth, knowledge should be 
studied for its own sake. 

An example of the cloistered ivory-tower aca-
demy of Newman is the British system, e.g. 
Oxford. In contrast is the research oriented 
German universities which rose in the early 
1800·s. 

Kerr refers of Abraham Flexner who said in 
1930 that the modern university "is not outside, 
but inside the general social fabric of a given 
era .•• It is ••. an expression of the age, as well 
as an infiuence operating upon both present and 
future." 

In contrast to Kerr's apparent analysis of what 
is the position of the university in society, Perkins 
analyses what should be the function of the uni-
versity as a knowledge center. Perkins sets up 
a knowledge triad: 1) knowledge can be discovered; 
2) knowledge can be transferred or passed on, 
and 3) knowledge can be applied. 

Perkins says that this triad of functions make 
up the mission of the university. Perkins further 
states that if any qf these functions are ignored 
by those who run a university, then that university 
disintegrates as an institute of higher education. 
Education implles that this triad is complete. 
We will return to this later. 

In the late 1800's in Germany and the United 
::,tates, the first and thira of those functions were 
drawn very closely together. almost to the ex-
clusion of the second. that of teaching. What 
happened was the land grant movement. Agricul-
tural stations were established, and the federal 
government had its foot in the door. 

In recent years the federal government has 
provided most of the money for research. Thus, 
to do research is also, to a great extent, though 
not completely, to serve the needs of society. 

Flexner, who sang the university's praises 
before, now had this enlightened statement to make; 
The universities were becoming too many things, 
"secondary schools, vocational schools, teacher-
training schools, research centers, 'upl11t agenc-
ies', businesse9-these and other things simul-
taneously." They "needlessly cheapened, vul-
garized, and mechanized themselves." Worst, they 
were "service stations for the general public." 

The concept of the multiversity, this conglomer-
ate mass of functions in the univerSity, as a 
service station should be kept in mind when 
reading "Uses of the University". 

Kerr says that federal involvement has come 
in two stages, one of intuitive Imbalance, and 
the other of bureaucratic balance. 

In the first stage the "areas chosen have been 
defense, sclentltic and technological progress, 
and health. Decisions have not been based on 
thorough study of national priorities. They have 
been made pragmatically, •.. , and also, to an 

extent, in response to the urgings of ver y power-
ful lobbies." (one wonders how pragmatic the de-
cisions are when national priorities are not well 
known or considered. This faise economy is found 
elsewhere in Kerr's thinking). 

Kerr finds that the government does not control 
the university in "any deleterious sense." It 
infiuences it. A university need not accept a 
project offered by an agency but it generally does 
for fear of losing the Ph.D. who wants to head 
the project. 

What Kerr claims is influence amounts to the 
fact that up to "80 per cent of a university's 
expenditures may be handled outside the normal 
channels. " These funds, Kerr then admits, commit 
some of the university funds, infiuence space 
assignment and distribution of time between teach-
ing and research. Kerr prefers this to university 
administrated projects because the "federal agen-
cies are more responsive to ••. national needs than 
the universities would be •• .', (here the service 
station becomes more like the schister doctor 
who gives his hypochondriac patient placebos and 
cures nothing). 

Kerr laments that the researcher becomes 
Washington oriented and that the university be-
comes more and more a hotel for researchers 
and agencies. As a matter of fact every campus 
has quite a few non-teaChing research career 
professors. 

One can easily see how this affects the teaching 
of graduates and undergraduates. Because the 
professor must do research, and because graduate 
students can help him with it, most professors 
prefer to teach graduate students. 

Above and beyond this, students are weighted 
for the purposes of determining teaching loads. 
Freshmen are the lowest ranging up to the grad-
uate students. In other words, a professor can 
reach his teaching quota with fewer grads than 
with undergrads. Thus he has more time for 
research and professional consultation which is 
very desirable to the average American professor. 

This may help to explain why there are such 
huge lower diviSion classes, only slightly smaller 
upper division classes, and small graduate sem-
inars at UCSD when the number of graduate stu-
dents is only silghtly smaller than the number of 
undergraduates. Of course, lower division gen-
eral education sequences (euphemistically called 
"breadth requirements" at UCSD) are universally 
given, and perfect for making huge classes out 
of them. Perhaps they should be abolished. 

The rationalization is that graduate students 
need to work closer to the researcher and scho-
lar. It is evident, however, that graduate stu-
dents are better prepared to work independently 
than undergraduates. This weighting system now 
makes for increased competition and more fail-
ures out of students who might have become 
graduates had they been given more attention in 
their Instruction. 

In this context, Kerr's contention that the multi-
versity, UCSD being a good yet small example, 
maximizes the benefits of German graduate in-
struction, and small residential college (Oxford) 
undergraduate instruction, is shown to be buUshit. 

A last consequence of the first stage of fed-
eral involvement is the predomination of funds for 
sciences, leaving out the humanities. In 1961 
Kerr reports that less than three per cent of 
federal funds went to the social sciences. The 
amount accorded to the humanities was so small 
Kerr neglected to report it. U the service sta-
tion analogy is to remain, perhaps the university 
should also provide the nation with some moral, 
ethical, and human repair. 

The second stage of federal lnfiuence is that 
of bureaucratic balance, which, according to Ke rr , 
w11l seek out excellence wherever it is. Kerr 
points to the National Education Improv ment Act, 
and the National Defense Education Act as evi-
dence of improvement in institutional a Id. lie 

fl' 
wrote this in 1963. in 1969 the imbalance is just 
as great. Moreover the federal agenCies and fund 
dispersal bureaus will have increasing power. 
"The federal agencies will exercise increaSingly 
specUic controls and the universities dependent 
on the new standard of living will accept these 
controls. " 

All of this is justified for Kerr because " fed-
eral research aid to universities has helped great-
ly in meeting national needs .•• The nation is 
stronger. The leading universities are stronger." 

U up to 80 per cent of the university's expen-
ses go to federal research, small effort is given 
to the second function of the triad of university 
functions, that of transfering knowledge. Not to 
confuse transfer of knowledge with education 
(which needs the complete triad) let us call this 
second function "instruction." 

Kerr never addressed himslef to the topic of 
education. He speaks primarily of graduate and 
undergraduate instruction. This fits very nicely 
with the concept of the university as service 
station. The society brings in her children and 
they are trained to do her service. Kerr never 
speaks of the problems of the individual student, 
he talks of the student as fitting into "a dynamic 
economy." He continually ialks of the national 
interests, what the nation needs. 

Perkins, however, does address hlmselfto under-
graduate education. He calls for more independence 
and flexibillty in curricula. He says the liberal 
education should notbe sandwiched between second-
ary and professional training, but should run 
parallel to the professional training. More time, 
he says, is necessary for the undergraduate to do 
personal reflection and self-examination. 

Most importantly, the student should be able 
to see his knowledge put to use. Independent 
study and application of knowledge makes for 
critlcal thinking, not merely the aquisition of 
thoughts. Ability to think critically and inde-
pendently mark the educated man. 

I do not wish to discuss the governance of the 
university. except to relate another strange idea 
Kerr propounds. Kerr contends that faculty 
may pICk thp. professors, but the students pick 
the teachers by their presence in the class 
room. To anyone who knows the requirements 
necessary for graduation, and the limited number 
of teachers in each required class, such a con-
tention is again bullshit. 

In discussing the functions of the university, 
we should take a look at what these men think 
the future holds for university development. We 
have already seen how the federal involvement will 
increase both qualitatively and quantitatively. Both 
Kerr and Perkins see the university getting larger 
and involving itself in supra-university structures. 
They both see it as a center for the intellectual 
link between the West and the East. They see 
a necessity for improving undergraduate instruc-
tion, but give no .definite solutions. Kerr sees 
a need for greater involvement in the SOCiety, 
such as extension, art galleries. influence on city 
hall. Kerr sees increasing support for the cre-
ative arts and biology. 

It is not the intention of th:s article to cri-
ticize the use s to which the u1iverslty is now 
being put. Both Kerr and PerklLs are filled with 
optimism. I could criticize Ker. for the almost 
inh1lman lack of value judgments in hi hoo and 
th failure to differentiate between the uses and 
abuses of the university. 1 am sure the e topics 
will be dealt with in late r articles. 

It was the purpose of this article to reveal the 
official functions of the university, and to show that 
the second function, instruction, is being neg-
I cted. Indeed, instruction is a very minor func-
tion of the university, and education is almost 
non-existent. If one comes to the university to 
get an education, on would be Jus t as well oU 
in the hills of De 1 Mar, or the Solana ach swamp. 



ODe of the many flees oe Erie 
Christmas ( a member oftbe Ora-

matte Art Deputmeat faculty), 
to be seen in the program. 

Christmas Portrays 
The Bard's Comics 

Eric Christmas wlIl take an 
affectionate look at vaudevU1l:ans 
of William Shakespeare '8tplays 
in a program entitled "Shake-
speare's Second Bananas" on 
Friday, April 18 at 8:30 p.m. in 
Sherwood Hall, La Jolla. 

Trained at the Royal Academy 
of Dramatic Art in London, Eric 
Christmas has, in his words, 
played most of Shakespeare's 
second bananas" during his thirty 
years in the theatre . Now a 
Senior Lecturer in the Depart-
ment of Drama at UCSD, he has 
recently acted extensively at the 
Stratford Festival in Ontario, as 
well as on the Broadway stage 
and in such television specials 
as the Hallmark Hall of Fame. 

al such secondary characters by 
presenting various motivations 
for their actions. 

Christmas has likened the 
theatre to Lewis Carroll's garden 
which Allce saw through a tiny 
door at the end of a long cor-
ridor, stating, "the evening in the 
theatre should seem Uke one tiny 
segment of a tascinating life-the 
audience should feel that a char-
acter In a drama wanders down 
another path of that magic gar-
den." Scenes from this garden, 
many of the "wonderful people 
that scuttle through Shake-
speare's plays, " make up the 
program that Mr. Christmas has 
prepared. 

Tickets are avallable at the 
Arts and Lectures Office, lIrey 
Hall, Revelle Campus. Reserved 
seating $3; UCs[) Students $1. , 

Jl1C7S - -~, Me, 4t4.." ~ 

:~!!'~ue~~.!'!!~c~'-:e!~: .. ~!...~!t ~~.! 
In conjunction with the Muir College Afro-American Idbitlon is being research, planned and produced 
Museum of Art, a growing group of TJCSO stu- by a group comprised mainly of UCSO students 
dents are preparing an art exhibition to be held and is probably without precedent. For all the 
at the La Jolla Museum ot Art in February students involved, this experience will be a val-
1970. uable educational experience in many ways. They 

It wiil illustrate the development of Black Art will be confronted with all the problems 01 doing 
from its African Background to its subsequent primary researCh, including bibliographical 
influences on European Art and its final emergence searches, interviews and writing to various scho-
as a new Black Art in America. lars, artists and museums. 

In order to help finance this unique undertaking, At present, three UCSD students, Stepher 
a benefit concert will be held on Wednesday, April Sehauss, Carol Funk and Robert Stearns are 
23 at 8:30 p.m. In tbe Revelle Commons. 'accompanying Miss Teilhet on a trip which will 

Included In the beneDt concertwillbeC.C.Jones, 'last from two to five months scouting for mat-
M.C. and guest star, along with the Fortes - erial for the exhibition. 
"good day at black rock"; the Moldy Figs · Their itinerary will include New Orleans and 
"Fuddy-duddies with a difference"; and Mothers the nearby New Iberia area. 
of the Pioneers - "matriarchs of the wild front- Here they will seek out examples of black art 
ier. " since slavery in the form of wrought iron work 

Also included on tbe program will be Bill lrchftecture and folk art. Also SCheduled ~re 
stewart, blues vocallst, Karl Lendenman and Bill :he Georgia and South Carolina coasts, wbere 
Freeman, guitarists and Vince Townsend, singer- bey will pursue similar investigations among the 
actor from Los Angeles. Allah people and a short excursioD to the West 

The concert will provide everyone with an Indies. 
~portunity to not only enjoy some great talent The show will offer the public and the UCSD 
but also to support a most worthwhile cause. Community a new perspective in viewing the aes-

- the tic merit 01 Black Art stemming from its 
Growing out of Jehanne Teilhet's Afro-American African heritage to its contemporary Influences. 

<\rt course In the Cultural Traditions Sequence It is a most significant attempt to rescue the Black 
of Muir College the exhibit "Black Arts Re- Arts from the neglect that it has wrongfully and 
discovered" wUl be truly unique. There has, In unduly suffered In America. 
tact, never been an exhibit of Black Art of its As it is planned, the exhibition will be arranged' 
kind which encompasses such a wide range of in three parts the first of whicli will introduce , 
the visual arts of Africa, Europe and America the observer to the rich cultural heritage of 
on the subject. West Africa with emphasis placed OD the inte-

In order to remain true to the principles upon gration of the art into their social, political, 
which the exhibition was founded, that of pro- economic and religious activities. 
moting an interest, understanding and appreciation The second part ot the exhibition will deal with 
of the many aspects of Black Art, any remain- the discovery of African Art of Europeans and its 
der from catalogue sales, cultural activities such influence on such movements as cubism and sur-
as the benefit concert in the Revelle Commons on realism and on artists such as Brancusi and 
April 23 and donations will revert to the UCSD Picasso among others. 
Black studies program. The final part of the exhibition will depict the 

The program's objectives are to stimulate Afro- development of Afro-American Art out of the 
American studies by the acquisition of art objects, repressed culture of the slaves and white Amer-
slides, books and other relevant materials as det- ican culture. Literature, music and graphic arts 
ermined by the department (or similar department and crafts will all be presented. 
when established) or by faculty advisors Keith Proceeds for the benefit for "Black Art Re-
Lowe of the UCSD Literature department, Miss discovered" wUl be used for much needed funds 
Teilhet and Joseph Watson of the Cbemistry De- to finance the exhibition. Tickets for the per-

.partment in conjunytion with the Black students formance will be $1.50 general admission and $1 
COUDcll. tor UCSO students. 

. ~~~~~~--------------~ 

The term "banana" comes 
from burlesque and vaudeville 
where the top star was top banana 
and the lesser, but very neces-
sary, comics are called second 
bananas. In this one-man show, 
Mr. Christmas interprets sever-

$@(!JJ[ro[P)O[ro~~ ' :g lAPPOWI 
The order of husiness was another Pagiii.§llectac~ last Saturdav 

. night at the Concourse. With the opeDing·H!!!.~k~ by the MC, a Pagni 
"MC 502", the new publication ' stooge carrying on in the wonderful boss-jock traditioD, the stage 
has no formal affiliation with was set for what turned out to be a rather disappointing evening. The 
the University of California but talent billed was probably the best presented on one stage in San Diego 
has beeD organized by a group this year, but a generally poor environment detracted all the more 
of Muir College students and from performances not up to par with the usual high standards of the 
publishes the prose, poetry. art- groups. 
work and music of UCSD stu- The group billed as Country Joe and the Fish turned out to be merely 
dents t and taculty. Joe McDonald and Barry Melton, two of the original five members of 

Tbfitlrst issue otthisquarter- the group, augmented by two dropouts from Big Brother plus a stand-
Iy publication Is now on sale in in organist from Memphis. The group performed maWy new songs 
the Bookstore's two locations on from a yet to be released album, and their handling of the material 
Matthews Campus and Revelle ' was adequate but lacked the thorough-going professionalism and in-
College and ~lls for 50 cents. I strumental tightness that always characterized former Fish perfor-

I 're ' mances. As for the trends in the new Fish music, it's generally, ~ (from p 4) towards more standard rock, with a country flavor. T • Country Joe and the Fish have always been a fun-type group to see 
he second Issue relates to the and hear, but the only impression Joe gave Saturday was that of per-

depth of the universities commit-! vasive depression. Even the Fish cheer, long their trademark, lacked 
ment to minority education. Com- much enthusiasm when they finally closed the show with it. 
mUment is the key, not the Joe informed the audience at the beginning of the set that he had 
granting of demands. Commitment: been warned of the presence of the vice squad and this of course 
involves the crOW-ling of WASP La dampended their spirits greatly, for the Fish l~iCS usua'llY contain 
Jolla with a collfge named Lum- a lot of political and social satire. The Fish cheer, too, had to 
umba-Zapata, as well as tackl- be censored, although some of the audience let forth uninhibited. 
ing the problem of maintaining Somehow the Fish never got of! the ground; in fact, theynever even 
high academic standards while got to the runway. Even the cUche-ish burning of a ukelele didn't 
serving the minoI it)' communities. get them together. 

The plan for Th..rd College reads Zappa is Zappa, and the Mothers put on a set that was if not tan-
as if BSC-MAYA had written it tashC, at l€at::t up til fl:!r . Zappa and friends included some'ten freaks 
themselves, exc':!;Jt that the sec- musiCians, and side attractions. Zappa's interplay with the audienc~ 
tion on Commmity Involvement included several remarks referring to San Diego, and the audience 
appears on page nve instead of participation game. 
page one. The question of stu- The Mother's bag musically speaking is in a category by itself 
dent power rema:ns unSOlved, as a blending of avant;-garde experimentation with a strong rocle and 
~'7s t~he course! to be ottered, jazz base. Zappa, seldom heard jamming on ~ax, proved that he could 
u ese could be worked out hold his own on lead guitar In concert 

in negotiations. The local group that led off th~ show was appearing on stage for 
What is needed is adminl- their first time; hopefully it will be their last. Tbelr performance 

stratlve-faculty commitment: the ,pointed out the attempt on the ~ of Pagni to package good pro-
tthrype of commitment that cuts gressive rock groups into the utterly unimaginative format of "pop 

ough the rhetoriC, really lls- star" concerts a la Turtles Monkees etc 
tens to the students, and gets Something's happening' in rock-~s-arl-form but Pagni obviously 
~ings done. It not only makes doesn't know what it is. Zappa and Country J~, used to the quality 
peeches but stands ready to act of a Bill Graham show, sensed the uncool environment of fragmented 
o~ th~m. And, as a result, it seating, no light show, and boss-jock babbling, and this probably was 
w s he respect of the students. the greatest tactor In spoiling the show. by S.l. Landau 

JOHN MEYER 
SPEAKS 

YOUR LANGUAGE 
Tell it to the oracle-

in our bright and versatile 
Greek stripling of a skirt-

web·belted and buckled 
in chrome. $15. 

Pick up a batch of 
John Meyer's cotton 

knit shells to wear 
with the ski rt-

in all the best colors. 
$6. 

Discuss the classics 
- communicate! 

~cht· .. ·~ 
Andy at the Bat 
(Note: This week signals the beginning of the intramural softball 

season for men's and co-ed leagues. The following is an account of 
the first game of the season played April 15 1969. My apologies to 
Ernest Lawrence Thayer.) , 

The weather was brilliant for the first softball game that day 
The sun shone brightly down upon the grassy field of play. ' 
Excitement spread throughout the teams, each having screwy names. 

On one field the Bush League Bombers were going to play 
Against Phoenix Mutual Lite, both of League A. ' 
And across the open field underneath blue California skies 
Did play two teams from League B, the But Fakes ~d the FUes. 
Everything was there to open the co-ed softball season 
And many people stopped by to watch for fun, if fo; no other reason. 
The umpires wore striped shirts, the teams were in weird attire 
And the captains ran madly about trying to instill winning desi~e. 
Then upon the fields did stride a man all knew so well 
A man so gentle and humane, he rarely gave anyone ~ll 
It was Andy Skief, from the P.E. Department that upon the field did come 
Known to most as the Intramural Director, and a good friend to some: 

There was ease in Andy's manner as he stepped close by the plate 
There was pride in Andy's voice as he said "The time is late II' 
He called to captains and umpire to confer 'upon that green la";n 
And, with excietement in his VOice, he bade the game go on. ' 

The teams did battle fiercely, and they both were able to score 
And as the game neared the end, the score also seemed to soar' 
Both teams made substitutions, for tired players were losing might 
Alas, the Bombers coach looked around for a fielder but none were' 

in Sight. ' 

Then up to the captain, sturdy Andy strode 'cross the lawn 
He vOlunteer~d to play for, he said, the ga~e must go on. ' 
Into centerfield he went, and with him went the hopes of the team 
For they knew he wouldn't let them down, and as a batter he was k~n. 
The score was tied, the game was tense, as Andy went to bat, 
And cheers rose from the crowds which on the sidelines sat 
But Andy fouled the first pitch, "Only one more pktch "the ump did shout 
He swung and missed the second pitch, the ump ~ried, "You're out.;, 
The stands were stunned, Andy was shocked, the Bombers yelled,"Fraud!' 
But one stern look from Andy, and the audience was awed. 
He went back to centerfield, much shaken from the strain, 
But they knew that if he got upone more time, he'd not strike out again. 

Andy did get up one more time, he swot'e to give it a go 
And the air was shattered by the force of A~'s blow. ' 
The Bombers won the game, and gave a joyous shout 
But there is no joy in Intramuralsville-Mighty Andy twice struck out. 

SPORTS 
SHORTS 

Football 
There will be a meeting for 

all prospective varsity football 
players for next year on Wed-
nesday, April 23. The meeting 
will be at '7:30 p.m. in the P.E. 
classroom at the gym. 

Th~ meeting concerns spring 
practlce, and Coach Lane asks 
those attending the meeting to 
bring their spring class sche-
dules. Please contact Coach 
Lane if you are interested in 
playing football next year but 
are unable to attend the meeting. 

Crew 
The Triton crew team took a 

first, a second and two thirds 
in a five team meet against 
San Diego state, UCSB, Orange 
Coast College, and st. Mary's. 
The Tritons won the lightweight 
fours, and took second in the 
lightweight eights. "Our team is 
doing very well for the exper-
ience we have, " commented 
Coach BUI Gabur. "We have a 
very dedicated, hard-WOrking 
team this year," he continued. 

The powerful Orange Coast 
team, second in last year's crew 
nationals, won the meet. Any-
one interested in going out for 
crew next year should contact 
the P. E. office or Coach Bill 
Gabur, who is hoping for an 
even bigger turnout next year. 

Home Games 
4-19 Track vs. Cal Western 
1:00 p.m. ' 
4-23 Tennis vs. San Diego 
state, 2:30 p.m . 

What's so ~~ecial about 
Beechwood Ageing? 

We must be bragging too much about 
Beechwood Ageing. 
Because we're starting to get some 
flak about it. Like, "Beechwood, 
Beechwood ... big deal." And "If 
Beechwood Ageing is so hot, 
why don't you tell every-
body what it is?" 
So we will. 
First, it isn't big wooden 
casks that. we age Budweiser 
in. 
But it is a layer of thin 
wood strips from the beech 
tree (what else?) laid down 
in a denae lattice on the 
bottom of our glass-lined 
~d stainless steel lagering 
tanks. This is where we 

let Budweiser fenpent a second time. 
(Most brewers quit after one fermen-
tation. We don't. ) 
These beechwood strips offer extra 
surface area for tiny yeast particles 

to cling to, helping clarify 
the beer. And since these 
strips are also porous, they 
help absorb beer's natural 
"edge," giving Budweiser 
its finished taste. Or in other 
words, "a taste, a smooth-
ness and a drinkability you 
will find in no other beer at 
any price." 
Ah yes, drinkability. That's 
what's so special about 
Beechwood Ageing. 
But you know that. 

Budweiser. is the King of Beers. 
( Bul you know tha i.) 

"NHEUSER· IUSCH, INC . • ST. LOUIS. NE«"RK • LOS "N"EllS • T"M'" • ~OUSTON • COLUMBUS 

April 18, 1969 Page 7 

Trackmen Place 
Second in Trimeet 

A tast track and stiff com-
petition spurred nearly all of 
the UCSD trackmen to their best 
performances of the season in a 
triangular meet with UC River-
side and Whittier College at UCR 
last Saturday. 

Tom Wolfe turned in another 
outstanding day, taking the 100 
and long jump, and placing sec-
ond in the triple jump. steve 
Garofolo got off a great throw 
of 178'6" in the javelin to win 
the event, and also took second 
in the discus. Bill Dower also 
hit his season high in the pole 
vault to take first. Jim Nash 
ran the half mile in two min-
utes, tying the school record 
in that event. 

The next meet for the Tri-
tons is against Cal Western OD 
the UCSD track, on April 19. 
Field events start at 1:00 p.m. 
and the rUlllling events at 1: 30 
p.m. 

The final score read, UCR 
104 1/2, UCSD 38 1/2, and Whit-
tier 38. Winners and their 
marks: pole vault -- Dower 
(UCSD), 12'6"; high jump --
Biggers (UCR), 6'0"; javelin--
Garofolo (UCSD), 178'6"; shot 

put -- Bruska (UCR) 46'8'" 
discus -- Letow (UCR), 137'6':; 
long jump -- Wolfe (UCSD), 22'-
7"; triple jump -- Read (Whit-
tier). 44 '2"; 440 yard relay --
UCR, 43.2; mile run -- Hans 
(UCR), 4:18.5; 120 yard hurdles --
M1Iler (UCR), 15.3; 440 yards -
Celestine (UCR), 49.0; 100 
yards -- Wolfe (UCSD), 10.3; 
880 yards -- Damron (UCR), 
1:55.3; 440 yard hurdles --
ThUl (UCR), 56 .2; 220 yards --
Celestine (UCR), 22.6; 2 mile 
- - Slavin (UCR), 9:47.3; mile 
relay -- UCR, 3:23.9. 

I --doe. : 
Girl swings in April fling. Yes, • 
The Grand Ole American Sport 
opens each Spring, alongwlth the 
Baseball Season. 

in our graduafes 
• • 

For me, the most surprising result ot taking the 
Lexicon course was the way a heightened interest 
in words led to a change in my own learning atti-
tudes. I wanted, as most people do, a viable working 
vocabulary, but the idea of vocabulary study raised 
images ot lists of words to memorize. But the 
course is not just an exercise in static word-
learning. Every word discussion relates appropri-
ately to a whole mosaic of interests, not just vo-
cabulary. My own interest and enjoyment Increased 
almost daily as I progressed through the course. 
That language is an essential part of the thinking 
process is made apparent by the method of pr esenta-
tion of the course. Words are primarily Ideas. 
The broader the vocabulary base one has, the broad-
er the spectrum of ideas one can bring to bear 
in a given situation. I think of this as a kind of 
inte llectual elasticity Which has helped me not 
only in speaking and writing, but also in listening 
and understanding what others are saying. 

Chrlstopher Beere 
UCSD Student 

Lexicon otters a practical and prover plan for 
vocabulary building using Non-Linear Systems' 
new audio-visual equipment. 

The fitteen programs range from elementary 
school level through the highest levels .md are 
the results of 46 years of re search. 

Each student starts at his OWll lpVAI .. "" .. 
ceeds at his own pace. Theaverage improve~ent 
has measured in excess of tour years (or grade 
levels) for the ten week course 

Open ' Mon./Thur. Until 8 : - Fri./Sat. Until 

Phone: 755-3064 

LEXICON 11 SO CAMINO DEl MAlt 
ACHIEVEMENT THROUGH LEARNING 



Friday, ~pril 18, 1969 
Marine Biology Lecture Dr. Aubrey Garbman "Olfaction of Salmonids", Sumner Auditorium, 

12:00 noon. 
SIO Graduate Film Series, Sumner Auditorium, 7:00 p.m., 25 cents. 
Arts & Lectures present Eric Christmas "Shakespeare's Second Banan s" Sherwood Hall, 

$3/$1 UCSD students, 8:30 p.m. 
A.S. Concert "Buddy Miles Express", "Pogo", "Pulse", Light show by Mirkwood, UCSD Gym, 

$3.50/$2.50 UCSD students, 8:30 p.m. 

Saturday, April 19, 1969 
Alpha Phi Omega Kite Dog-Fighting, Soccer Field, 1:00 p.m. 
Track with Cal Western, 1:00 p.m. 
Coffee Hut entertainment "King Biscuits" blues, 9:00 p.m. 

Sunday, AprIl 20, 1969 
La Jolla Civic Orchestra and Chorus Association presents Music for Brass and Chorus, 

Salk Institute, 3:00 p.m. free admission 
Muir Cinema "Dogstarman" "Babo 73", USB 2722, 7:30 p.m. 

Monday , April 21, 1969 
Alpha Sigma Phi, HL 1166, 6:30 p.m. 
Students for a Democratic Society, USB 3070, 7:00 p.m. 

Tuesday, April 22, 1969 
A.S. Senate meeting, Coffee Hut, 10:00 a.m. 
Orn Mani Padme Hum, 312 W, Matthews Campus, 4:00 p.m. 
Students for Responsible Action, 310 W Matthews Campus, 7:30 p.m. 
Art Gallery Poetr¥ Reading, Edward Field, 8:00 p.m. 
Jazz Festival - Bart Hazlett Disieland Band featuring John Best, special guest Matty 

Matlock, UCSD Gym, 8:00 p.m., tickets available at University Extension Office. 

Wednesday, April 23, 1969 
Shum Language Club, Inter-Language Club Lounge, 12:00 noon. 
Tennis with San Diego State, 2:30 p.m. 
Department of Literature Colloquium, Professor Alain Cohen "Psycho-critical Sociology 

of the Roman de la Rose", USB 4050A, 4:00 p.m. 
Soaring Club, USB 3010, 7:00 p.m. 
Language Club Film - French "Le Bourgeois Gentilhomme, USB 2722, 8:00 p.m. 
Pre Med Organization, Inter-Language Club Lounge, 8:00 p.m. 
Students' International Meditation Society, HL Auditorium, 8:00 p.m. 
Black Arts Benefit, Revelle Commons , $1.50/$1.00 UCSD students, 8:30 p.m. 
Coffee Hut movies followed by a beer chugging contest, 8:30 p.m. 

Thursday, April 24, 1969 
Om Mani Padme Hum, 312 W Mat thews Campus, 4:00 p.m. 
Arts & Lectures present Kurt E. Schuler "Our Chemist from Washington, HL Auditorium, 

4:15 p.m. 
Russian Club, Inter-Language Club Lounge, 7:30 p.m. 
Go Club, Coffee Hut, 8:00 p.m. 
Student Morld Federalisls, Informal Lounge, 8 : 30 p.m. 

Friday, April 25, 1969 
Marine Biology Lecture William Hamilton, "Reef Fish Discoloration", Sumner Auditorium , 

12:00 noon. 
SIO Graduate Student Film Series, Sumner Auditorium, 7:00 p.m ., 25 cents . 
Arts & Lectures present U. S.M.A. Saxophone Quartet concert, HL Auditorium , 8:00 p.m ., 

free and open to the public. 
Drama Department pr sents "Marat-Sade", 269 Matthews Campus, 8:15 p.m., $1.75/$.50 UCSI 

students, for reservations call x 1901, tickets may be picked up at the Arts & 
Lectures ticket office, Urey Hall Lobby. 

Music Department presents "The Ensemble", 409 Matthews Campus, 8:30 p.m. 

CLASSIfIED' ADS 
SKI BOAT, 141/2 FOOT DORSETT, 50 hp MERCURY, TRAILER, TOP 
SKIS, COMPLETE PACKAGE--$795. Call 488-6027 or 488-7996. 
PART-TIME EMPLO~MENT: 1) Setting and running lights, 2) Stage 
crew work, for MUSlC Department concerts. Contact Carol Sazama 
Music Department. ' 
FOR SALE: Estesso Classical Guitar--$350. Must be heard to be 
appreciated. Call 453-0570, ask for Jon Kobrinsky. 

You keep Aunking 
your best subject? 

Think it over; over coffee. 
The Think Drink. 

'-0,,0'"own Th,n" 0, nil! MUI. 'fOnd 15C ar.d ;ourl\,m,. and .dd,-" 10 
T~,flj. O,.nlo MUI O,.pl N , P 0 at), S~ N 'W fo,. N Y 1004 Tn, 1",II,n.l,on.1 COfl "fO O, •• n,u.rlOLil 

CAMPUS REPRESENTATIVE 

To represent local jeweler sell-
ing diamond wedding and engage-
ment rings in your leisure time. 
High earnings. Prefer high cal-
iber, well known young man with 
sales ability. For interview call 
Mr. Warner 232-8627. 

Jack Pancake says even Ed Boyle 
can win! 

THURSDAY, April 29, 1969 
8 p.m. 

PETERSON GYM 

"OII·$.D,S S"~f." S.lS 
G ... ro" •• 'le S/.50 
Tleb,. If •• " .... 

., A,'.e CH'er , ••. 216-6941 

ECUMENICAL STUDENT 
Group will meet for dinner and 
special interest groups beginning 
next Wednesday, April23,5p.m., 
at the Lutheran student Center 
across the street from the Re-
velle parking lot, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. Everyone is wel-
come. Charge for the "Agape 

, Meal" prepared. by women from 
local congregations is a 25~ do-
nation. 

At 6 p.m., three separate 
groups will meet simultaneously, 
each specializing in social action, 
personal encounter or theological 
study. Campus chaplains Les At-
kinson, Ed Donovan and John 
Huber will serve as resource 
people. Students Martin Brock, 
John Mattson, Bev Lintvedt, Karl 
Keating and Casey Soto are in-
cluded on the steering committee. 

The experiment in Christian 
community is scheduled for a 
five-week period. For further de-
tails, contact any ofthe above or 
telephone the Office of Religious 
Affairs, 453-2000, ext. 1943. 

ACTING UPON THE BELIEF 
that legal representation means 
strength, one of California's old-
est and most prominent law 
schools, University of California, 
Hastings College of the Law, is 
actively soliciting minority stu-
dent enrollment. 

Hastings has discarded the tra-
ditional admissions procedure of 
evaluating applicants according 
to the combined merits or under-
graduate grade point averages 
and Law School Admission Test 
scores, in favor of a more real-
istic subjective system. 

Although this program is de-
signed to attract applications for 
admission from students who do 
not think that they are academi-
cally qualified to appply to a law 
school, Hastings also emphasizes 
that those minority students who 
could obtain admission on a grade 
point basis alone should also con-
sider this program, as there are 
considerable benefits to be gain-
ed. 

Hastings is a well-recognized, 
accredited 'school of law located 
in downtown San Francisco. As 
is obvious from its title, it is 
affiliated with the University of 
California, so resident fees are 
only $150 per semester,ofcourse 
subject to minor fluctuation. 

Opening in time for the fall 
term of 1969 wllibeanewannex 
to Hastings, doubling the size of 
the physical plant and providing 
exce Uent teaching and library 
facilities. 

More complete information can 
be obtained by writing for the 
school's free bulletin. Address 
requests to: Hastings College of 
the Law, 198 McAllister Street, 
San FranCisco, California 94102. 

Especially attractive is the 
financial assistance that Hastings 
is offering to minority students 
who will attend the college. In 
addition to a $1,500 yearly in-
terest-free until graduation 
federal loan available to those 
who financtally qualify, several 
minority student scholarship 
funds are being initiated and will 
be liberally awarded. 

AU interested students should 
write to Hastings College of the 
Law requesting an appllcation 
form and also register to take 
the Law School Admission Test, 
about which more information is 
available at the undergraduate 
counseling service. Action should 
be taken promptly. 

QUOTE OF THE WEEK 

PARIS WILL JOIN MEXICO 
City as· the site of a University 
of California study center de-
signed exclusively for students 
intending to teach a foreign lang-
uage in California's secondary 
and elementary schools. 

Located at the University of 
Paris, the new center for future 
teachers of French w111 open in 
the fall for a school term en-
compassing the fall and winter 
quarters. A second term will 
carry a new group of students 
through the spring and sum me r 
quarters. 

The goal of the Paris center, 
according to Dr. William H. Al-
laway, director of the UCEduca-
tion Abroad Program, w1l1 be to 
increase the fluency and com-
petence of the aspiring teachers; 
expose them firsthand to French 
teaching methods; introduce them 
to French culture, both through 
course work and visits to theat-
ers, concerts, museums and the 
Sorbonne, known for its intel-
lectual life. 

Unlike the other UC studycen-
ters operating at 15 universities 
in 12 countries, the Paris center 
wlll consider for acceptance 
graduating seniors or graduate 
students from any university or 
college in the United States. 

An applicant, however, must 
be admitted to the credential 
program in the graduate school 
of a UC campus prior to de-
parture for Paris. He Is expected 
to return to California following 
completion of two quarters at 
the University of Paris to finish 
his remaining courses for the 
California teaching credential. 

June 15 is the deadline for ap-
plication for the first of the two 
sessions in Paris. Students 
should apply at the Education 
Abroad office on the UC campus 
where they are enrolled or at 
UC Santa Barbara, headquater-
campus for the University-wide 
Education Abroad Program. 

Fall-and-winter quarter stu-
dents will leave for Paris via 
chartered flight from Los An-
geles on August 27. students 
must meet all their own expenses, 
including travel and room and 
board. The full cost including 
round trip transportation is es-
timated at $1,400. 

Plans are being made to allow 
California students to share 
dormitory rooms in the Cite 
Internationale with French-
speaking students and to become 
a part of the Paris student com-
mLlnity in which they live. 

"The Persecution and Assas-
sination of Jean-Paul Marat as 
Performed by the Inmates of the 
Asylum of Charenton under the 
Direction of the Marquis de Sade'" , 
one of the most remarkable plays 
of the twentieth century, will be 
performed by the UCSD Theatre 
beginning on Friday. April 25 
at 8:30 p.m. in the UCSD Theatre, 
Bullding 269 Matthews Campus. 

Peter Weiss' Marat/Sade is 
being directed by Eric Christmas 
of the UCSD Drama Department. 
Evening performances will be 
held on April 25-28 and May 2-5. 
Matinees at 2:00 p.m. will be 
given on April 26 and May 3. 

Tickets are available at the 
UCSD Arts and Lectures Office 
in Urey Hall, Revelle College. 
General Admission: $1.75; UCSD 
Students: 50 cents. 

Centre for Participatory Edu-
cation meeting Thursdays, 8: 30 
p.m., CPE office, 250 M.C. 

"The streets of our country are in turmoil. The universltles are 
filled with students rebelling and rioting. Communists are seeking 
to destroy our country. Russia is threatening us with her might. 
And the republlc is in danger. Yes, danger from within and without. 
We need law and order I Yes, without law and order our nation cannot 
survive •.. elect us and we shall restore law and order." 

-A. Hitler 
Hamburg, Germany, 
1932 


