
triton ti 
October 31, 1969 

WORMS 

IN THE APPLE 

OF KNOWLEDGE 
by Tom Bake r 
Feature Ed itor 

Vol. 8 No.5 

In recent years, the traditional respect for the sanctity of academic freedom has 
all but vanished. Issue-seeking pOliticians in both major political parties have at-
tempted to equate academic freedom with espionage and subversion. Students, finding 
certain professors and doctrine inimical to their own views, have interrupted classes 
and shouted down speakers. At Harvard, a professor's research notes, which took 
two decades to compile, were incinerated by angry students. At UCLA, a highly 
qualified woman was fired by the Regents because of her political views and affi-
liations. It is regrettable that these are not mere isolated incidents, but part of a 
trend which is exhibiting increasing vitality. 

The highly emotional atmosphere surrounding the universities has effectively 
obscured the meaning of academic freedom . People outside the university forget 
the vital role played by academic freedom in maintaining the democratic nature of 
society. To these people, it has come to mean a special license granted to professors, 
which often lead s to subversion and pornography. On the other hand, students often 
feel that certain views are fascist, or racist, and thereby justlJy certain form ~ of 
behavior such as disrupting classes. 

This view was well expressed first by that p3.ragon of conservatism, Barry Gold-
water, who said, "Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice; moderation in 
the pursuit of freedom is no virtue." The traditional notion of academic freedom 
thus finds itself attacked from both within and without the university, and is in danger 
of total collapse. On both sides, the opposition to the perpetuation of traditional 
safeguards of academic freedom seems to misunderstand what is meant by the term 
"academic freedom" and also its intimate relation to the functioning of a supposedly 
free society. 

Br iefly, academic freedom is the freedom of scholars and students to pursue 
truth in any possible direction and to openly discuss the conclusions and viewpoints 
to which that search leads. It is a special case of the general rule that in a democra:-y 
men must be free to follow their own beliefs, and to act in accord with them. The 
connection between intellectual freedom and democracy is expressed by political 
scientist Alexander Meiklejolm, who states, "To be afraid of ideas, any idea, is to 
be unfit for self- government. Any such suppression of the ideas about the common 
good, the First Amendment condemns with its absolute disapproval. The freedom 
of ideas shall not be abridged." 

In this respect, academic freedom is necessarily more than an end in itself. It 
is rather one of the means by which a free society maintains itself. The universities 
act on behalf of the society as a whole, providing much of the seif-(;citicism and 
knowledge necessary to insure the continuing vitality of democractic institutions 
in a rapidly changing society. Underlying this conception of academic freedom is 
thp. belief that "freedom is more effective as an agency of freedom than is suppression." 
Democracy relies upon the belief that freedom has an inherent Vitality sU1llClent to 
withstand the assaults of dictatorsh~p and suppression. However, this confidence 
in the inherent strengths of free instituions has evaporated. Those who would fire 
a faculty member for her political views are practicing suppression because they 
have more confidence in the methods of dictatorship than in those of a free self-
governing society. Simultaneously, those students who would forcibly prevent another 
student or faculty member from advancing a belief, any belief, are guilty of the same 
error. 

A free society must ultimately rest on the confidence in the good judgm~nt of an 
enlightened, politically active populace. Those who use force to suppress certain 
beliefs, whatever they might be, are stating in effect that they have no confidence 
in the ability of fr e individuals to recognize the evil and false for themselves, but 
need to be protected from those ideas. 

In other words, they are saying that they have no confidence in democracy itself. 
To quote Meiklejohn, "Those men who advocate that we do to the Russians what the 
Russians, if they had the power, would do to us are declaring that the Russians are 
right and we are wrong .... However, democracy is not a weak and unstable thing 
which forever needs propping up by the devices of dictatorship. It is the only form 
of government which today has any assurance of maintaining itself ... The only real 
danger which threatens our democracy is that lack of faith which leads us into the 
devices and follies of suppression." 

It would then appear that the use of dictatorial controls in order to safeguard freedom 
is a ludicrous sell-contradiction, besides being self-defeating. 

The respect for academic freedom so vital to a democratic society rests on a 
delicate foundatio.l. It is the result of a slow process spanning thl' entire history 
of the West. The first known battle over intellectual freedom is probably the trial 
of Socrates, accused of corrupting the youth of Athens with his teachings. Though 
he was condemned, his teachings did much to stimulate free thought in his native 
land. However, with the coming of the Dark Ages, intellectual activity was forcibly 
confined to the dogmas of the Church. The persecution of Galileo and Galen for 
their scientific studies of nature provide good examples of this control. 

The Inquisition in Spain is perhaps the archetypal thought control agency. With 
the passing of medieval times, the restrictions on academic freedom perSisted. 
Until the eighteenth century aU of the universities in Europe were built and administered 
by the Church; academic freedom thus remained restricted to theological dogma. 

Gradually, the growth of secular universities and the feudin between royal and 
papal authority destroyed this control over the universities. The Enlightenment 
followed, with its faith in reason and science. A relatively free acaciemic er vironment 
was born, and persisted in such states as Bismarck's Prussia. The A el' ican Con-
stitution adopted legal means to safeguard these new freedoms. In thE tw<:!ntieth 
century, the freedom of scholars has been further protected by such c vices a 
tenure and academic due proce s clauses in university regulations. 

Indeed, this growth in the resp t for cademic freedom seemed to have reached 
new h ights . when in 1965 the American Civil Liberties Union c."tu t!J;~ Cl.IlHUdi 
award for academic freedom upon the University of California! 

Howe er, there is no doubt that shortly after that summit the fortune of academic 
freedom took decided turn for the wor e. Forces within and without the university 
are attempting to restrict the range of tho ght and discus ion within the clas room. 
U they succeed, th~ long struggle for intel! ctual freedom will be dealt a serious 
blow. The process ofbuildinganygreattradition Is low and arduous. The destruction 
of that tradition, on the other hand, takes n time at all, but is often Car more la ting 



The largest pol:ution control study ever undertaken is about to 
get underway at the Argonne National Laboratory in Chicago. 
Thirty major universities which use its facil!ties will be involved 
in the project, which is designed to study the management of all 
types of wastes from all sources in a major metropolitan area. 
There will be a special effort to determine how the effects of various 
types of pollUtion on human life are compounded as they interact. 
Alternate technologies will be considered which might reduce or 
eliminate pollution. This Center for Environmental SCiences, as it 
will be called, will bring together physical, social and political 
scientists from the universities with the Argonne stat! to run the 
program. Federal funding Is now being negotiated. 

The Peace Corps is being subjected to a bit of manipulation by 
United States intelligence, according to a recent report in Vea, 
Chile's weekly : "Documents obtained by certain of our legislators 
seem to indicate that Peace Corps volunteers have been involved 
in various informational and intelligence activities." Confidential 
memos to volunteers allegedly offer between $25 and $60 to be split 
between the volunteer and his informantror any reports on 'important 
industrial plants, results of geological investigations, groups and 
members of leftist tendencies, the names of anti- American agitators, 
etc.' An appointed commission is investigating the reports. 

Marijuana was the subject of wide coverage in the news this week. 
Two Gallup Polls were rel~ased. One indicated that there are now 
10 million Americans who have tried pot. This is 4 per cent of the 
total population ; it covers 12 per cent of people in their 20's, and 
22 per cent of college students. The second poll stated that 84 per 
cent of all adults are against legalization of marijuana; the figure 
is 69 per cent of adults in their 20's and 72 per cent of college 
students. 

Margaret Mead, considered the dean of American anthropologists, 
advocated legalizing marijuana with 16 years of age the minimum 
for its use. She told a Senate panel that linking pot to hard drugs was 
"an act of social creation, just as cigarettes used to be linked to 
prostitution." She said intolerable tensions between the young and 
old are created when "you have the adult standing with a cocktail in 
one hand, a cigarette In the other, saying: "I don't want my child to 
smoke POt." 

This week's issue of "Life" has an article on pot. It features the 
story of an honor student in Virginia who was sentenced to twenty 
years for possession, the minimum penalty in that state, which is the 
same as the penalty for murder. Also in the article is a statement 
by former Food and Drug Administration director James L. Goddard, 
who urged revision of marijuana laws which he said were "unenforce-
able, excessively severe, scientifically incorrect and revealingofour 
ignorance of human behavior." Referringto research under way by the 
National Institute of Mental Health, he said that" in a very few years" 
we should know how harmful pot is. Goddard cautioned against making 
marijuana legal until these studies are completed. 

California Senator George Murphy has joined the bandwagon of 
moratorium-denouncers led by Vice-President Agnew. He said 
Saturday that war dissenters and peace marchers provide "the 
warning signal s of anarchy." He said that such actions could 
"neutralize the effectiveness of our government at home and abroad." 
He called for a resumption of full-scale bombing of North Viet Nam 
and stepped-up military action if the North Vietnamese don't move 
at the peace negotiations by this weekend. He said that an immediate 
withdrawal "would amount to a total surrender of the legitimate 
purposes which led Presidents Kennedy and Johnson to commit our 
fighting forces to Viet Nam." 

Three researchers of the Upjohn Company have come across an 
extract from the olive plant capable of killing viruses of the common 
cold, influenza, polio and cold sores. Hamsters who were inoculated 
with the viruses and subsequently given a nasal dosage of the drug, 
called calcium elenolate, were found to have substantially fewer 
virus particles in their bodies . Work hasn't yet been done on humans, 
but George Elliot, one of the researchers, told a conference that 
"intranasal testing ... in man is feasible." 

Rhodesian Prime Minister Ian Smith's ruling party unanimously 
passed a resolution last week urging that press control s be imposed 
in that country. Smith said after the vote that "the forces of evil are 
still trying to undermine the country. It is because of this that we 
have to go on maintaining a rear-guard action." He didn't specify, 
however, what measures would have to be taken. The resolution 
stated, "We feel it is a suicidal policy to allow the opposition a free 
hand in our news media and recommend that either existing news 
media be controlled or new media established to reflect other than 
left-wing views." Before the vote, the resolution was amended to 
exclude radio and television from the phrase "news media." 

The top militar I officer in Viet Nam, Brig. Gen. David Thomas, 
recently voiced a novel propoSition for decreas ing certain disease 
rates among soldiprs: "If the military were permitted to run houses 
of prosti tution as part of the post exchange system, we could cut 
venereal disease cown to a very, very low figure merely by being able 
to supervise the I per~tiflfJ, if not all the way, at least until the time 
the soldier goes ir.tothe room and from the time wilen h.: comes ou!." 

Researchers at ·o",a state Univer sity have found evidence to support 
the notion that pa"entai stress or anxiety can affect the sex of their 
offspring. The re!:earchers believe that the male parent under mild 
stress will produ'!e prPctominately female-producing sperm. U not 
stressed, he will produce both male- and female-producing sperm 
in about equal numbers . 

John W. Aldridge starts a two-part essay entitled "In the Country 
of he Young" in the October "Harper's." In the firs article he 
describes the psychological basis of the over-demandmgness of 
today's youth, compared with past generations. He analyzes the 
motives and goals ot the young, and concludes that their goals 
essentially are as materialistic as their parents' goals. Another 
striking point made is that the youth today are concerned with the 
masses, and really don't care about personal excellence. 

REFERENDUMS PRO/MISE 
TO REJUVINATE VOTING 

By BILL SIEVERT 
College Press Service 

WASIDNGTON--(CPS)-- Hopes for lowering the 
voting age nationally may hinge upon the outcome 
of two hotly contested referendums on Nov. 4, in 
Ohio and New Jersey. 

liThe two states are the first to put the issue 
before the people, and the results are expected to 
give a strong Indication as to how voters in other 
states will react," says youth Franchise Coalition 
Coordinator Ian MacGowan. Thirteen states have 
approved public referendums on the issue so tar. 

The New Jersey campaign hopes to lower the 
voting age to 1B, while the Ohio contest is over 
the 19-year-old vote. 

"It looks very, very close," according to stewart 
Rothskin, executive director of the New Jersey 
Voting Age Coalition. "We may be a tinyblt ahead, 
but only by a few percentage points." 

In OhiO, the campaign seems to be in a little 
better position, but it is expected to be a close race 
to the wire, according to Pat Keefer, assistant 
executive director of Ohio Volunteers for Vote 19. 
Recent polls in ohio show approximately 53 per 
cent of the voters favoring the younger vote with 
55 per cent of the people in metropol itan Cleveland 
supporting i!. 

In both states student campaigners have waged 
heavy door-to-door canvassing campaigns. In Ohio 
the final two weekends before the vote have been 
planned as "Vote 19" weekends for canvassing of 
up to 80 per cent of the voting population. 

The Ohio campaign is somewhat less vocal and 
dramatic than the New Jersey eftort, due In part to 
"the more conservative nature" of Ohio voters, 
Rothskin maintains. 

Whlle in Ohio rallies have been used only to 
encourage volunteers to canvass, a massive public 
rally was organized for Trenton--New Jersey's 
capital--to ex cite the state's v 0 t e r s. Several 
thousand 18- to 21-year-olds were expected to 
participate in the peaceful rally Oct. 26. 

Rothskin said the rally was planned to "prove 
that the people under 21 years old r.eally want the 
vote." To appeal to the youth-fearing patriots 
across the state, the student marchers were to 
carry American flags. It A lot of people think 
students just burn flags; we've got to change that 

image," Rothskin said. 
There Is no organized opposition to the referen-

dum, he said, just a "quiet problem wlththe image 
of youth." 

Miss Keefer said the turning point in the Ohio 
campaign was Viet Nam Moratorium Day, Oct. 15, 
which was "tremendously successful" in the state. 
"Had it been disruptive things might look a lot 
worse for us today." 

Press coverage, both news treatment and 
editorial support, has been favorable, particularly 
since the Moratorium, she said. 

Both the Ohio and New Jersey referendums would 
add amendments to the state constitutions that 
would go into effect in January. 

youth Franchise Coalition organizers feel a show 
of public interest in lowering the voting age at this 
time could result in an "early and favorable" 
consideration of a national Constitutional amend-
ment. 

Only two states, Kentucky and Georgia, presently 
grant the vote to persons under 21. Both have the 
18-year-o;d vote. But every state except Missis-
Sippi (anet the federally-dominated District of 
Columbia) has devoted study to the voting age issue 
since June. 1968. In the enUre six years before, 
only 27 sta~es conSidered the issue. 

Twenty states this year have defeatedblllswhich 
would have put the issue before statewide referen-
dums. Three other state legislatures have killed 
bills without ever voting on them. In several other 
states, bills are still pending. . 

Of the state legislatures which have approved 
referendums to consider lowering the voting age, 
seven have set the minimum age at 19, five at 18, 
and one at 20. states which have approvedreferen-
dums on the issue are: Alaska (18 years old); 
Connecticut (18); De]a war e (19); Hawaii (18); 
Massachusetts ( 19); Minnesota ( 19); Montana (19); 
Nebraska (20); Nevada (18); New Jersey (18); 
Ohio (19); Oregon (19); and Wyoming (19). These 
states, except for Ohio and New Jersey, have set 
referendums for 1970. 

In Pennsylvania., the two houses ot the state 
legislature passed contradictory bills earlier this 
year. The House passed a bill to set the voting 
age at 1 B, while a Senate bill passed establishing 
the age at 19. A joint committee from both Houses 
was set up to resolve the difference. 

Charlie, where are you when we need yOU? 
(signed) Dan 

by Bob Schwartz 
Staff Writer 

AS Berkel ey President Dan 
Siegel goes on trial Monday to 
face charges of inCiting a riot 
in last May' s "People's Park" 
demonstrations. It Is alleged that 
the marCh, and the ensuing vio-
lence, was the immediate result 
of a speech made by Siegel at a 
Sproul Plaza rally. 

Should Siegel be convicted he 
could face a maximum pen;lty 
of one year in jail, dismissal 
from UC, and de facto exclusion 
from the California Bar. Siegel 
is a third year law student. 

While awaiting next week's 
trial at the Berkeley Municipal 
Court, UCB's Student Disci-
plinary Action Committee held 
its own hearings on the case. 
Their recommendation that 
Siegel be put on probation has 
since been accepted by Chan-
cellor Roger Heyns. 

This action prohibits Siegel 
from being student body presi-
dent, an office to which he was 
elected by a large majority last 
April. 

Siegel has appealed the com-
mittee's action before a U.S. 
District Court, lost, and is cur-
rently appealing the latter judg-
ment before a higher Federal 
Court. He claims that in the 
committee hear ings his rights 
of free speech and due process 
were being infringed upon. 

Opposing him this Monday is 
the Alameda County Dist rict At-
torney, who has indicated he 
will press for the maxi mum sen-
tence. 

The Committee to Defend Dan 
Siegel has recently been formed 
to raise money and providepopu-
lar support for Siegel. They have 
called for a mass rally today. 
Speakers will include Siegel him-
self; his attorney, F. G. Peso~ 
men; and his tor y professor 
Charles Sellers, among others. 

Sponsors pre d I c t that the 
movement will blossom into the 

r~~M~~-l I OO@@~ 
1**; " 
I POVERTY PRIC ES FOR ALL! I HAPPY HOUR DAILY 5-6 PM 
I LIVE ENTERTAINMENT FRI. & SAT. 

**** I VIDEO TAPE FIGHTS, 
,

BALLGAMES, TOPLESS SHOWS 

**** POOL, BOWLING, 

I & OTHER GAMES 
**** I SANDWICH ES & PIZZA DIME NIGHT (1 KEG) 

EVERY THURSDAY 8PM I I PARLAY ROOM TAVERN 225-27 W. 15th St. 
b~E~~~~~ 

type that developed during the 
1964 Free Speech Movement 
there. 

In any event, the trial will 
prove whether or not Siegel is, 
as he claims, the "sacrificial 
lamb" for the People's Park 
violence, and define the legal 
limitations of what exactly con-
stitutes free speech. 

All BABA 

FREAKS OUT AT 

SYNTHETIC 
TRIPS 

ELECTRO· 
PSYCHEDELIC ART 

BLACK LIGHT SUPPLIES 
POSTERS 

SILK SCREEN SERVICE 

.'34 University A ••• 
San Diego. Ca. 92105 

282-1445 

Willi 1111111111 iT There are three ways to apply at a foreip 
_ university, according to Dean Ward Beecher, head 
:: of UCSD's Education Abroad Program (EAP). 

He is, of course, most interested in helping 
those students who apply through his ottlce. How-
ever, there are 2,000 related programs at colleges 
allover the country. leave 

it 
all 

A third choice, cheaper but admittedly risky, Is 
to simply present yourself, physically or in writing, 
to the dean of the university of your choice. 

Most of the studies abroad programs are re-
stricted to those with a 2.0 GPA or better, although 
requirements differ. UCSD's program reCJIires a 
2.75 minimum, but Dean Beecher assures that 
a "4.0 doesn't have any better chance than a 3.0." 

"Those who are selecte<1, however, find it ani 
invaluable experience," emphasized Dean Beecher. 
The 0 ff Ice provides extensive co u n s e 11 n g, 
pamphlets full of advice on clothing, customs, 
legal and medical facts, and housing. 

Under graduates are not all 0 wed to live in 
IDlsupervised housing, so this means they are 
helped to find a place to live in either dormitories, 
private homes, or approved housing off-campus. 
These are governed by the foreign universities' 

to h regulations, w h i c h are often over-protective, t e according to Dean Beecher. Eighty stud'ents have "aW1fed this year, and more are expected before the November 14 initial 
deadline (the deadline for some countries is 

ind· 
• laos 

Januar-y 16). Applications will be accepted in Dean 
Beecher's office in the south end of MC 250. 
There, too, you can receive additional information 
involving the campuses available, course require-
ments, class availability, people to contact and 
other places to apply. 

H, however, you feel unable to apply-.If you 
don't meet some of the requirements or you don't 
have enough money (usually between $2,000 and 
$3,000) and are inel!gible for financial aids, don't 
just rule out the idea of attending a foreign univer-
sity. There are other ways--some of them in many 
ways better, less restricted, and more viable in 
terms of length of stay, housing, and personal and 

= political freedom . 
=: Many students feel that the idea of simply going 
= to a foreign university without having to consult 
= with committees and deans is wOlth the loss of 
=: the guidance and counseling you get. They often 
= by Beth Lyons feel that you can become a part of the country you 
= staff Writer live in only If you are able to live and partiCipate 
=: in whatever goes on on a personal, independent 
= bas.::. 
= There are good things on both sides, but the 
:: central ldea--that of living in a different culture, 
= 1 ear n in g about othe r ways to do an d see 
= things- -must be integral to the concept of complete 
iilllllllllllllllll education . 

AS Senate Notes 
App'tments, Servicemen 
Arouse Student 

by Roger Show ley 
News Editor 

Concern 
In apparent recognition of the disfavor met by the colleges 

with last week's AS resolution to control committee appointments, 
the Senate dec lined to fill the vacant posts in the Registration 
Fee Committee at this week's meeting. 

Lenny Bourine, senator from Muir, resigned from the committee 
in order to be appointed to the Third College Board oC Directors 
as the AS representative. 

Midway through the meeting, three visitors to the Senate des-
cribed current activities among students to help servicemem in 
the San Diego area. A UCSD graduate student showed the AS copies 
of "Duck Power," a weekly newspaper designed to inform sailors 
and marines of underground goings-on in the area. He also detailed 
a plan to bus servicemen from outlying bases into downtown San 
Diego, where a coffee house is to go Into operation. 

The cost of the bus transportation provided the context for AS 
interest in the project. It was suggested that UCSD students could 
allocate some funds to help pay for this service, and Bourin said 
this patently unconstitutional action could be rationalized by using 
the bus for campus transport into San Diego as well. (The AS 
is not allowed by Regental policy to support political or off-campus 
groups or activities.) 

The servicemen, among them Bob Chicca, who is a junior on 
campus, and as a member of the USS Pueblo crew, spent eleven 
months in enemy hands, left the meeting without any sort of com-
mlttment from the AS. For lack of a clear resolution, any action 
was postponed until the idea of supporting the underground project 
oul tu d b B n ' min. . 

ROBERT 
MONAGAN 

speaker of the asssembly 
ex officio member u.C . board of regents 

Nov. 5 USB 2722 4 p.m. 

MEeHA Gets Favorable Results 
by Raoul Contreras 
Staff Writer 

Wednesday afternoon a committee of UCSD Chi-
cano students obtained semi-favorable results from 
George S. Murphy, dean of student affairs, over 
the question of Mexican-American representation 
in the university's E.O.P. office. 

The committee was the result of the October 
22 Mecha meeting where it was learned that John 
Erickson, university assistant financial aids o(ficer, 
was to be re lieved of his unofficial capacity of 
recruiting Chicano student for the E.O.P.program. 

At that time it was unanimously resolved that 
a committee be formed to request Dean Murphy 
retain Erickson in his unofficial capacity for Chi-
cano recruitment. It was also decided to submit 
Erickson as a third MECHA candidate for the 
office of E.O.P. Director which will become vacant 
in Decem!Jer. 

MEC HA candidates already under consideration 
are Nick Baca, who is with the state Department 
of Education, and Osvalado Romero, who is in the 
UC LA EOP program. 

Despite obvious qualifications and wide 
experience in the EOP program Erickson was 
not being cO:lsidered for the position by the ad-
ministration. This was the result of Brown and 
Black student pressure for getting a minority 
group member into the important position. 

It is unofficially acknowledged that the candidate 
who does get the position will have to get the 
support of the university Brown and Btack student 
organizations. At the MECHA meeting the general 
concensus was that "John may be white but his 
dedication and work are all Chicano." 

MECHA support of Erickson result from a long 
record of dedicated work for improving both edu-
cational programs and opportunities for Mexican-
Americans in San Diego County. Before coming 

to UCSD a year ago he worked in the Sweetwater 
High School District. He was an integral part 
of the Sweetwater District Community Relations 
Group which worked with Mexican-American stu-
dents and their parents. Responsible for trans-
lating testing material for Spanish speaking stu-
dents , Erickson did voluntary counseling for them. 
He also des igned a program [or teaching voca-
tional EngUsh to hard core unemployed in the 
Mexican-American community. He is the author 
of a book, " A Structural Course in Vocational 
English" designed for this purpose . 

Since he has been at UCSD Er ickson has put 
in a great deal of time and work in counseling 
and recruiting Chicano student including a number 
of the people making up the MSCHA organization. 

Estella Chacon, official Chicano representative 
in the EOP office, said after the meeting with 
Mllrphy that there was a definite lack of Chicano 
representation in the program , It was decided 
that in the fast approaching period of admissions 
deadlines , that current operations by the EOP 
ofrice to recruit Chicanos would be continued. 

" Hohn Er ickson can of cour se continue his pri-
vate efforts in recruiting stUdents," Murphy said, 
"but as a member of the student affairs s taff, 
he could only retain tangential relationships with 
EOP." 

Mrs . Chacon as a member of director Kern 
Carson's staff would continue to aSSIst 10 re-
cruitment procedures, with the under standing that 
s he would be a spokesman for Chicano inte rests. 

At the meeting Murphy took time to commend 
all three of MECHA's candidates for the office. 
He was particularly impressed with the c redentials 
of one poss ibility, "at least on paper. " But 
he conceeded that "John Erickson has a t r emen-
dous talent for drawing up workable programs. 
I am eager to take into consideration many of his 
varied interests." 

Regent, McGill Greet P1 A 
At first UCSD-San Diego Meeting 

by Portia LaTouche 
Staff Writer 

DeWitt Higgs, currently chair-
man of the Board of Regents and 
San Diego lawyer, joined Chan-
cellor Will iam McG!1l in kicking 
ott the AS-sponsored Community 
Interaction Program in speeches 
made to members of the San 
Diego PTA last Tuesday. 

Established last spring, the 
program is designed to encour-
age the community to visit UCSD 
so that San Dlegans may better 
see what the University is all 
about, as well as to introduce 
them to the students. Bob Munk, 
a junior at Muir College, is 
chairman and head of the AS 
Public Relations Program Com-
mittee. 

Regent Higgs defended the Uni-
versity and its students by stating 
that "student unrest is not a 
fault of the students, but a fault 
of the times." He blamed the 
diSintegration of the family, ma-
ternal dominance, and the lack 
of enough discipline for children 
as the causes of today's prob-
lems with student activists. 

McGill tried to outline the 
position of all universities in 
society by explaining how the 
rights of society have always 
been contrary to the rights of 
the individual, thus restricting 
personal freedom . "The rights 
of taxpayers conflict with the 
rights of professor s who are 
defending the preservation of the 
rights of inquiry." Continuing, 

UCSD PRESENTS ••• 
o olmetsch-Schoenfeld Ensemble 

The music of Pugnani, F. Couper in, 
Haase, Ravel, Telemann, Tartini, 
Horovitz and Wm. Young/ Marin Marais 

"Chamber music in its highest 
achievement...reaturing the recorder, 
treble viol, harpsichord, violin, 
and cello." 

..•••••••.••••••.• tll 
8:30 p.m •• Saturday, November 8 
Sherwood Hall, La Jolla 
ASUCSD 1.75; Fac/Staff 2.75 

UCSD Chamber Music Series season 
tickets still available at a 24~ savings 

Ticket information at the Central Box Office, Ur y Hall Lobby 
Hours: 10:00 - 4:00 Phone : 455- 6151 

the Chancellor responded to 
questions on student disorder by 
stating that "disorder is a stu-
dent master plan to enter a very 
complex, technological society." 

After lunch at the Coffee Hut 
and tours through the campus, 
the group met to give the Uni-
versity the community's view-
point. These people--all parents, 
some educators--are concerned 
with the California public school 
system. Although the comments 
were varied, all expressed great 
pleasure with the student 's ef-
forts at improving rel ations be-
tween those on the cliffs and the 
public. An anecdote to the pro-
gram is that a majority said that 
they enjoyed informal talks with 
the stu den t s more than the 
speeches deli ver edby the faculty. 

Bu lIetin 
The results of the election 

yesterday for John Muir Col-
lege Council are as follows: 

Council Ml'ml ,~r : 
Roger DUl n, jU1ior 
Andrew Harris, sophomore 
Jon Collins. senior 
Larry RaJul, 50p'lomore 
Don BriJ:ht, snit r 

CO'llet! Altern. les 
Raym Jnrl KIJro s; i, lunior 
Judi Burzell, s pl.omore 
Deborah Smith, frt!5hm n 
Kenneth Ea on lllllinr 
Geoff furman, freshman 

Other-

10'3 
86 
7S 
74 

jJ 
6') 
61 
5 
56 

J. ~1!~h1pI a, sophnmre :;:; 
Dennis Living-stone, fr shm 1Il 52 
Phil CalalCo, sophomore 49 
'iewt!U\.noJer on, so,:Jom()re 37 

26 Dan Dephart, freshm, n 
'0 . ofballots('a~t: 
'0 of 'it -ins: 

217 
41 



gettin 
stoned 
• In a 
glass 
house 
by Phil", 

In the funnypaper section of the II San Diego 
Union" on SUnday, Oct. 26, ran an advertisement 
for a frozen pizza, "Toasta Pizza." The aesthetic 
sin of frozen pizza I'll talk about later. At any 
rate, there, for all the little kiddies to see, in 
full color, right below Li' 1 Abner and Brenda Starr, 
is a pseudo-comic strip titled "The Links," 
(Natch . To match the decorum of technicolor 
hardeeharhar .) 

These two little Link kids are sort-of producing 
a TV commercial for this frozen garbage--Ule 
boy as director (complete with camera and mega-
phone), the girl as actress/star (complete with no 
brains). SUch fantastic dialogue as" ow put the 
TOAsr A PIZZA in the toaster ... Smile .. . LOOK 
HUNGRY!" to which girliekins replies, " How can 
I smile and look hungry at the same time?" 

Well, the kids, ho ho, blow it really badly, ha ha, 
and wow, you've hardly recovered from the over-
powering humor of it all when, sonofagun, who 
should pop in (no pun intended) with his 84-tooth 
smile oot Your Friend and Mine, Here He Is Folks, 
You Guessed II. Art Linkletter. The dialogue in 
the balloon ascribed to the horrific, sc ribbled fac-
simile of Linkletter ' s face runs : " The Linkletter 
family loves them ... Yours will too! The great 
new frozen pizza you cook right in the toaster .. . 
taste the zesty blend of cheese, tomato, spices .. . 
baked crisp and bubbling with r eal pizza flavor!" 
Below which hangs , suspended in mid-panel, about 
s ix times the size of Art' s head, a drawing of a 
box of this fabr icated carnal pleasure. And for good 
measur o., as one last shot in the arm (to CONVI CE 
"CHEESE AND SAUSAGE PIZ ZA/ IN YOUR GRO-
CER'S FREE ZER NOW!" 

Well, now. The overall di sgu st and anguish one 
is left with after a commercial aside, this little 
number is even mor e im moral considering where 
Linkletter' s head has been at lately . Since his 
daughter died some weeks ago, he has been 
conducting a self-in itiated (but go v ern m en t-
blessed) campaign, with himself as self-anointed 
leader, to wipe out dope C. . . befor e it wipes out 
you and me and littl e Sue and Johnny .•. blah blah 
blah) . His daughter did not commit SUicide, he 
cl ai ms, becau se she was not herself at the time 
(stoned on aCid, everybody and his brother seems 
to claim). She was, rather, "murdered" by all the 
f reaks and manic depressives who manufacture and 
push acid and, to be sure, dope in general. 

Whew. I don't see how anybody could be such an 
intellectual eunuch as to cla im heads et al are 
murderers, when he's trying to poison us all 
(the same lit tle Sues and Johnnys) with what goes 
down in the frozen garbage he sells. I mean, 
that s tuff is POISON. Just like hot dogs and diet 
soda and bubble gu n and hambu rgers and slurpees 
and ALL that craf. That stuff'll kill you--if not 
you r innards, s urel j your mind. Wo rse than Top40 
r adio. 

And, when all of us know dope is good for you 
(here I mean dope ik it usually means: excludin g 
smack and coke ~:J 1 ihrinm and So min ex and 
:-'-o-Doze and speec and Sleep- Eze), this cat's got 
the nerve to line iJ up against the wall and try 
to sell us polson before he gives the execution 
order. I mean, tl] beats Agnew's "impudent 
snr)bs" line, hands :Javon. 

Okay. The dealt of Diane Linkletter was/is a 
tragic thing. When any human being dles, 11 is a 
tragic thing, The oeath of one galaxy is the death 
of the universe, until the hfe- energy re- enters 
and the universe continue .• '0 man is an island. 
Aut why hasn't anybody mentioned that maybe he 
was a terrible father? "We did everything to 'ether 
. . . according to the book ... " Art Linkletter is 
one of the Iggesl land-I,arons around, with 
hundreds 01 thousand. of acres In Australia. I 
know that if my father were a saccharIDe TV 
personality whr) made his living cajoling kids into 
making dirty remarks, J would have psychl)tic 

tendencies which would make it kind of risky 
for me to take acid, but which might make me 
want to take acid. Wow. Who is calling whom a 
murderer? 

Dope has been around a helluva lot longer than 
any of us have been. Cultural elites in early 
post-colonial America used to smoke dope before 
(1) they found they could get much the same 
(though short-lived) high as a daily commodity, 
and probably cheaper, with tobacco and (2) the 
tobacco and liquor industries became too pros-
perous to allow an unnecessary competition . When 
America was being settled, our original high 
officials were being turned-on all across the 
continent by nature-s moking Indians--before they 
felt the moral obligation to annihilate them. 

Artists ( in all the arts) have always been heads. 
Always. Even before Samuel Taylor Coleridge. 
Marijuana was only outlawed early in this century, 
when the liquor lobby got too strong. And, even 
more reflective of our society. dope always ran 
rampant in the lower-class ghettoes of the big 
cities, but was never considered a "problem" or 
the "social plague" it is considered today until 
it snaked its way into the pristine homes of white 
middle- and upper-class America, So, like, who 
the hell are you trying to fool, Linkl etter? 

Nobody. His whole campaign makes sense. All 
of American industry (except the record industry, 
which sucks the blood of heads and teeny-boppers) 
must be behind him . Everybody from the myopic 
media magnates to the ersatz frankfurter fiends 
(with the GI-Joe junkies in between) can take pride. 
All those fat cats who selJ you cancer and cirrhosis 
of the liver and homicidal tclldencies and corroded 
bowels and poisoned bladd er s (which'll do you an 
awful lot of good when you' r e slim ' n' tr im after 
your diet) ar e threatened by an uncooperative 
f reak smokin' mother nature. 

Maybe dope isn' t for everybody. But, Jeeeezusl 
cigar ettes and alcohol and war games and synthetic 
sweeties and poisoned food isn' t " for" ANYbody . 
But we know where corporation executives' heads 
are. When people start disowning merchandised 
death and destruction, sooner or later nobody will 
want to push it. Harrumph. Sales, ergo profits, 
ergo happiness/financial power wlll go down . (The 
Stock Market will crash. Pun intended .) Ahem. 
Something' s got to give. Like the American people. 

Well, Usten. We all know what it is that's trying 
to bring us down. (For those who missed yesterday' s 
lesson: Crass national ego-centricism; murderous 
commercialism; venomous industrialism.) And 
we' r e all in it together . So we've got to do it up 
together. And I don' t mean having a Smoke-In, 
either. Either you wanna or you don't. Whatever ' s 
right. But solely in terms of su rvival, we've got 
to start emitting positive energy. Instead of eating 
hamburgers and french fr ies all the time, for 
chrissake, start eating rice, chicken--things like 
that. Apples and oranges and pears (oh Myl ... ) 
Real milk. Whole, real foods. 

For those in the dorms, the most you can do is 
' II Mycott shit and eat the lesser evils, and (2) raise 
hell everywhere. For those sharing apartments, 
etc: get into preparing food with the same reverence 
and enthu siasm and positive energy that put 11 
ther e in the fir s t place. For those living with 
folks: dig what's going down if it' s worth it, and 
spend some time in the kit chen If It' s not. Even 
I! you hate your folks, being healthy is common 
ground and might heal a lot of wounds at that. 

Anyway, once we've got all our real, positive 
foods together, we can all get stoned on our 
asses--some of us just by grokking the food--and 
sing praises to the eternal glor y of goodness • 
That·s the only kind of thing that's gonna gain 
dope (again, what's good for you, not what kHls 
YOll) its rightful place in the hearts and heads 
()f our culture and its people . Remember what 
they say about thos e in glass hous es . 

LETTERS 
25,000 Human Beings 
Dear Editor: 

As you know, November 13 and 14 are the two days set aside 
this month to be used to end the war in Viet Nam. Over a million 
people took part in last month' s public demonstrations. Hopefully, 
this month's activities will bring two million Americans onto 
campuses and into the streets. But is that enough? What else can 
we do? What actions will convince our leaders that we have had 
enough of murder an(1 destruction, and that the American people 
are sick of sending the youth of this nation to their deaths? 

We want peace, and we want it now! So what can each of us as 
individuals do? Plenty. 

As you know, the Viet Nam War depends almost entirely on 
conscription for its manpower. If we stop the draft, we have stopped 
tbe war. And if we stop the draft, we have excluded the United states 
from furore wars ofthis type. It can be donel And it must be done nowl 

How? By living for life, instead of living for the war machine. The 
draft calls for November and December are 12,500 each month. 
If we can turn in 25,000 draft cards in November we will have stopped 
tbe war. 

When a man turns in his draft card he Is declared delinCJ}ent; he 
is immediately reclassified I-A and ordered to report for induction 
before those who are not delinquent. Since those are tbe regulatioos 
and as draft boards cannot call up more than the 12,500 men that 
they are allotted for November and December, then the armed forces 
cannot continue the war. We will fiood the Induction centers with 
reSisters, and the draft boards cannot legally call anyone to take 
our place. Combined with the fact that the President has already 
decreased by 30,000 the Pentagon's re<J)est for 55,000, without 
tbese men the war must end. 

How can we turn on life for 25,000 men? The Resistance during 
Its three-year history has been able to recruit only a couple of 
thousand resisters; how can we get 25,000 in only two days? By 
working together instead of as individuals . By guaranteeing 25.000 
fellow resisters before committing anyone. As individuals, we would 
be open to prosecution, but together shall be immune. An attorney 
general has never asked nor would he be granted warrants for 25.000. 
That request is politically and physically impossible. 

In schools, colleges, and community centers across the nation, 
moratorium workers are setting up "LIVE FOR LIFE" centers for 
the collection of draft cards and pledges. When the 25,000 actual 
draft cards have been received they will be submitted to the President 
en masse. If 25,000 men cannot be convinced to become human 
beings instead of silent partners of murder, then all the cards 
collected will be returned to the owners who were willing to make 
a commitment. Without 25,000 the project is useless. We are not 
looking for martyrs. We are looking for peace. We are looking for a 
concrete way to end the war. If you would like to help in the search, 
please contact: Brian Ritter--236 Argo Hall--or come to the organi-
zational meeting Monday at 6 p.m. in Lower Blake Lounge. 

Let us work together for peace. 
--Brian Ritter 

P .S. --Not eligible for the draft? Aid and Abet! 

:=::::;:::~:::::::::;:::;:::::::::::::::;:::~:::::.:.:.:.: .:.:.:. :.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. 

Dear Editor: 
Most people are aware that 

the Torrey Pine is an extremely 
rare tree, found only on a small 
tract of land between La Jolla 
and Del Mar, and on Santa Rosa 
Island. It is not generally known, 
however, that approximately half 
these trees lie on privately owned 
land and will have to make way 
fo r a housing development and 
high rise apartment buildings 
unless $300,000 is raised by 
January 1. The state legislature 
has pledged $ 900,000--only if an 
identical amount can be raised 
privately by that date. Two-thirds 
bas been rai~ so far, including 

a $100,000 pledge by the owner 
of the land . 

Those who ar e disturbed by this 
threat to the Torrey Pine or , 
more generally, by the steady 
erosion of the California wilder-
ness under the auspices of the 
Reagan administration, are urged 
to express their opposition to the 
destructlon of these trees in the 
form of letters or contributions. 
Contributions may be sent to the 
Torrey Pines Association, c/o 
Edward But Ie r, 2726 Hidden 
Valley Rd •• La Jolla, 92037. 

Sincerely. 
James A. Raymond 

Departmeot at Physics 

EDlTOR-IN-CHlEF 
Steve Landau triton t i IDes 

NEWS EDITOR 
Ho,.r ShOwley 

MANAGING EDITOR 
Ra y Seavers 

ASSOC. NEWS EDITOR 
Paul Emlls 

COPY EDITOR 
Haywood Common 

fEATURE EOlTOR 
Tom 52-ker 

ARTS EDITOR 
Bill Alaoglu 

SPOllrs EDiTOR 
Bob Gorby 

A . CO PY EDITOR 
Chuck Gratli m 

PHOTOGRAPHY UJiTOR 
Bruee Van BrockJin 

ADVERTISING MANAGER 
0". Helland 

EUUCATION WIUT UI 
Tom Shepor d 
SCIENCE WHI,R 
stive Stryke.r 
I!ESEAIlCIl [.!RECTOR 
Joel Good man 

WRITING STAFF 
Clay Anderson 
Frank Brown 
Steve Carpenter 
Raoul Contreras 
SUe Halton 
Rich HelmUch 
Barbara Janeway 
Kathy Janssen 
Porlta. LaTouchi 
Jim Magill 
Bob S<hwartl 
Lynne YarbOrou gh 

AHTS WRITERS 
P. ul ilambur, 
Larry Johnson 
Dana Rulolo 
SPORTS WRIT ERS 
F red Grunewald 
lArry lWui 
Clart Hose. 

PIiOTOGIlA PHERS 
lark Tr illing 

[},.,. WAllace 
Cl1rk WilSo n 
, </ lI"ICAi CN!.W 
kim Alexander 
1I.lh [.yoos 

ARTiSTS 
Jim I,y" 
So: bollt. Wort.>y 
Rub Cohen 

.. 

.. 

Acid, 
What should you do when your 

friend f rea k s out on acid? Ac-
cording to Dr. Lynch, you should 
treat hi m as if he were a saint : 
"sit at his feet ... Dr. Lynch, a 
local psychiatrist who has been 
working with LSD for 15 years, 
claimed, in a talk he gave last 
week at UCSD, that the drug-
induced experience of drown ing 
in one's subconscious is a chance 
to get out of our society's" struc-
tured paths." Consequently, a 
person under Its effect feels 
him self to be outside the realm 
of normal reality. To attempt 
to impose a structure upon him 
at such a time would destroy 
the continuity of his trip and 
disrupt his world, perhaps with 
unpleasant consequences . 

No matter how st rong his orig-
inal orientation to reality, how-
ever, the person under the i11-
fluence of acid will enter a m lid 
schizophrenic state, where any 
of his phony or game-playing 
r elations to his social reality 
will be confronted by him on 
a comprehending level. This can 
cause either a bad ("black") 
or a good ("white") tr ip. With 
a black experience, the person's 
trip is a painful exploration 01 
hi s character. Conversely, on 
a white trip the person sees 
himself and his value. Appar ent-
ly, the alcoholics Dr . Lynch 
treats with LSD frequently ex-
perience white trips and are 
thereby motivated to give up 
drinking. 

reach the brain . On aCid, though, 
all s timuli are equally received 
by the reticular system and 
transmitted as arousal signals 
to the rest of the brain. 

Dr. Lynch refers to the effect 
of this process upon the indi-
vidual as "de-differentiation." 
First hand knowledge is r elied 
upon rather than learned re-
sponses. It is as if the person 
on a c id s u d den I y becomes 
younger than age 12, when he 
was easily capable of multi -
sensory experiences. The per-
son enters into the "eternity 
of his unconscious" as his trip 
progresses t h r 0 u gh three de-
grees of being-recognition: the 
aesthetic stage, the therapeutic 
or psychoanalytic level, and, 
lastly, the mystical level. 

An 
Educational 
Experience 

by Dana Rufulo 
starr Writer 

LSD Is chiefly a " drug for 
very healthy people: ' For a 
successful trip, the person taking 
the drug must have a fully-
developed ego--he must be aware 
of his body, mind, feelings and 
sex. Otherwise the "ego-loss" 
experience intimately connected 
with the spiritual aspects of LSD 
would be los t. If there is no 
strong Identification with some-
thing in reality for the person, 
his trip will only emphasize his 
isolation or, if he is schizo-
phrenic (as Dr. Lynch says 20 
per cent of our population is), 
he will become depressed in 
recognition of his own illness. 

There are also several ex-
ternal reasons for bad acid trips. 
A proper setting, open and de-
void of hostile potential such 
as policemen, is imperative for 
a good trip. Dr. Lynch hypothe-
sized that acid affects that part 
of the thalamus known as the 
reticular system. The reticular 
sy st e m acts as the se n so r y-
impulse recognition center 
of the brain. Usually it fil-
ters out some s tim u 1 i at the 
level of the brain itself in favor 
of others; It also sends inhi-
bitory impulses down the spinal 
cord to block "secondary" in-
coming impulses before they ever 

At the mystical level, wh ich 
not all people ar e able to reaCh, 
the person goes through thr ee 
" planes of dying" where he is 
engulfed by his perceptions. 
Visually, first ye ll o w light 
spreads over his shoulders, then 
he sees blue, and eventually the 
"white light of the void" pene-
trates everywhere. It is obvious 
that for a person to be given 
the opportunity to lose him self 
so completely, he must be in a 
most friendly and secure en-
vironment, one which our system 
of pollce control presently makes 
almost impossible to secure . 

ENGINEERS - SCIENTISTS 

Program 
Diversification 

important foundation for your career in aerospace 

At Convair, we have always recognized the need 
to develop tomorrow's leaders today . Among 
the college graduates who join us now are the 
individuals who will spearhead our unusually 
diverse engineering and scientific activities, 5, 10 
and 15 years in the future. Convair's unique 
degree of product-line diversif ica tion is your 
assurance of many open avenues toward 
personal progress. 

Typical of the broad spectrum of activity at 
Convair are these cont inuing prog ra ms . .. 

Space Launch Vehicl es 
Reusable Space Shuttles 
Experimental Satellites 
Oceanographic Monitoring Systems 
Range Measurement Systems 
Large Erectable Space Structures 
Military and Commercial Aircraft 

and, at the moment , 105 other studies 
and programs. 

For its continuing work in virtually every phase 

of aerospace . Convair IS seeking ind ividuals 
with degrees in Aeronaut ical , Civil, Electrica l and 
Mechanical Engineering and in Engineering 
and Computer Sciences. 

Outstanding fringe benefits ... tuit ion assis tance 
programs for advanced stud ies at the area's 
fou r institu tions of higher learning ... and the 
unique cultural / rec reational climate of San 
Diego are bonus add-ons to the op po rtun iti es 
provided by Conva ir's unusual di ve rs ification. 

Our representative will be on campus soon. 
Contact your Placement Offi cer to ar ra nge an 
interview, or write to : 

Mr. J . J. Tannone, Supervisor, Professional 
Placement and Personnel , 5437 Kearny Villa Road. 
San Diego. Cal iforn ia 92112. 

GENERAL DYNAMIC:S 
Convair Division 
An Equal Opportuolty Employer M/ F 

Even Dr . Lyn ch, who ,s one of 
the three doctor s in the U.S. 
legall y allowed to work with LSD 
and human patients, admits to in-
creasing re s t ric tl 0 n s on his 
choice of an Ideal sett ing. 

Another reason for a bad t r ip 
is lack of a competent guide. 
The gu ide should not onl y be able 
to maintain cal m in a " freaking 
out" si tuation, by followmg the 
flow of the per son on acid and 
by reassuring him of the no-
more- than- momentary reality of 
his universe ; he should also be 
able to direct a person's t r ip 
toward the greatest height of 
individual exploration poSSIble. 
Few people have the competence 
and experience to be call ed good 
guides; a good tr ip happen s de-
spite their presence. Dr. Lynch 
may be considered one of these 
few excell ent gu ides, but he wor ks 
onl y with al coholics . (As one of 
the people listening to his talk 
said, "Wouldn't it be fantastic 
if there were 'acid clinics ' set 
up with proper supervision and 
setting?") 

Such is idle speculation at 
pre s ent. There can be littl e 
public acclaim for acid as "the 
West ' s meditation route, " when 
its long- term effect on the body' s 
chemistry Is in doubt. Far wor se 
are its immediate effects att r ib-
utable to its fr equent impur ity. 
Since it is contraband, the LSD 
commonl y available to people 
other than legally- condoned r e-
searchers such as Dr . Lynch 
is frequentl y cut with strychnine, 
amphetamine disulfate or methe-
drine (speed), or it rna} be an 
incomplete extraction from the 
po isonous fungus ergot. 

It is from thi s rye fungus that 
LSD was fir st ext r acted by 
Sandoz, a pharmacy house in 
SWllzerl and . x t r a leg a 1 

ObVIOUS lhY' ladn ~e careful of 
. per" s ou 

" t np B t given that he has 
hIS sour ce. U!d people around 
taken pur e aCl , mted vdth 
him should be !:~~a which may 
th se common d g 

o . u' ed while on the ru . 
be mtens 1 F ear of homo-
Everyone fears. '. [death 

al·t. of lnsan1t" or 0 
sexu 1) . . I easons why Dr. 
are the flna rmeone ma\ have 
L}1\ch saYS so 
a bad tn p. 
He believes that paranoia is 

always the result of homosexual 
fear , the fear most frequenth 
felt among college-age people. 
The mind reasons, "I love him, 
therefore he loves me," but In 
fear counteracts with "1\0, he 
hates me, therefore I hale him." 
This instantaneous !ichizoid situ-
ation can be countered onl. with 
pahence and hIS guide's (or his 
friend's) careful restraint from 
any movement or eye contact 
which may be interpreted as 
sexually aggres i \'e. 

LSD is the most dramatically 
physical of the group of drugs 
(which also includes mescaline, 
psliocybin, and marijuana) whIch 
Dr. Lynch refers to as memory-
evoking. Mescaline causes a far 
more intellectual and phliosophi-
call ·- orient",d trip, while mari-
juana merely cause a milder 
form of multi - sensory awnre-
ness. Dr. Lynch alwavs wo rks 
with LSD. F rom every 15-hour 
trip a patient expenences, he 
clai ms to gain enough mate r ial 
and information equivalent t0300 
h ou r s of p vchoanalysi . He 
studies I h e pt'r son' 5 memory 
with the aid of the drug and claims 
to h a ve had p.llients vl r tua lh 
" return 10 the womb," 

Although Dr . L I'nch' s Freudian 
bia 1 obvious , it is true that 
LSD is a pur ely ' hu man" dru!t. 
The ease with which humans use 
it for r eligious inSights and ps -
chological peculatlOn m n :" 
less than nothing to an animal . 
Give it to a dolphin, and it 
forgets to breathe; to a pldel 
and it weave a usel ess, er rat ic 
web. However, Dr. Lynch clai ms 
that in man the drug provide 
a profound source of per ona l 
revelation. What remains to be 
seen is whether surh " mind food" 
is al 0 d adl y poi n . 



~ 
BEAtrrl STORES 

UNIVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOPPING CENTER 
3979 GOVERNOR DR. 
453-0261 

DlANE SHOPPlNG CENTER 
4702 CLAffiEMONT MESA BLVD. 
272-3242 

COSMETICS 
SHAMPOOS 

WAVES 
HAIR SPRAYS 
WIGS 
WIG SUPPLIES 
GIFTS 

10% Discount with A.S. Card 
on many items 

ENCOUNTER WITH LA JOLLA 
SUNDAY 11a.m. 

Up tight with treatment of 
students in the community? 

Come bar e your gripes and air your views at a special 
mee ting of the Congregational Church, Ivanhoe at CLve St. 

Roger Show ley and Bob Munk 

will speak on the general problem of student grievances. 

All the UCSD community is welcome! 

For limited time only ... 
row 

with ... 

For a limited tirr e only-get the fine, nat ionally-advertised toiletry 
products that YOl want and need, And, all you pay IS 3~; for packing, 
freight and handling. 

Why this couple of bucks worth for 3S¢? The manufacturer of these 
great tOiletry products just want you to try them- so that you will 
know how great they are. That's why they have asked your College 
Store and Campus Pac to put this deal together as a special student 
service prozram. 
e';! there is a limit to only one per student while they last. 

M\~ ~UU~ 

.. 

A Home for All Seasons 
A Pad for All Trades . , 

by Jim Magill 
staff Writer 

Students will begin to pay a six-dollar fee next 
quarter toward a student center that only one-fourth 
of the present UCSD enrollment will possibly use. 
The resolution was pas sed by an overwhelm ing 
77 per cent majority last year . The 61.6 per cent 
student turnout over the five-day election last May 
makes the vote binding on all undergraduates and 
graduate students . During the September meeting 
of the Board of Regents, the Regents okayed the 
fee collection, clearing the way for collection next 
quarter. 

Currently the Associated Students has only 
architect's sketches of the student center. The 
approximate cost of the project is estimated to be 
between 1.5 and 2 mlllion dollars. When approxi-
mately 10 per cent of the cost has been raised 
through the fee, a loan can then be attained and 
construction started. Plans now set this date in 
1971. 

An administrative committee isnowbeingformed 
to advise in the planning of the center. The compo-
sition has not been outlined officially but wlll have 
a greater student representation than any other 
facility in the university community. 

Three alternatives have been presented to meet 
the student center needs of this campus. The first 
is to build a complete center for each of the col-
leges. This proposal was rejected on the basis that 
such a plan would be too costly and impractical 
to include all the functions deSired. 

A s tudent center to service the entire campus 
was the second alternative. This possibility has 
also been rejected because of its dramatic depar-
ture from the college cluster concept and the fact 
that support of such a center would be infeasible 
with the student p:>pulation projected for the near 
future. 

The third alternative, which was adopted unani-
mously by the AS SUrvey Committee, is to build 
as many as three student centers, one in each of 
the cluster centers to be developed on the campus. 

The committee submitted the following reasons 
for the selection of the third proposal. They felt 
that the cluster concept would enhance rather than 
detract from the college concept since its close 
proximity to each college would make itidentiliable 
with the college and its facilities and, accordingly, 
easily available for college activities. 

In addition they also felt that based upon enroll-
ment projections, the student body could feasibly 
finance a cluster student center in the near future. 
This type of student center could take full advantage 
of the traffic generated by its location in the cluster 
complex, The architect·s renditions also allowed 
for s maller faCilities, enabling the center to be 
highly flexible. The cluster center could also 
provide activities and entertainment not readily 
available in the colleges. 

The report of the Committee expands on many 
of the desired facil ities to be Included in the Center. 
In tbe area of food services it suggests several 
types of facilities for the center. Each facility would 
serve a specific need and is In no way intended to 
duplicate f 00 d s ervices provided wit h i n the 
colleges. The Inclusion of an informal snack bar 
has been suggested. A Mexican cantina has been 
suggested by the students as a motif capable of 
conveying the atmosphere desired, through the use 
of appropriate materials, i.e., dim lighting, heavy 
furniture and booths, partitions, and a fireplace. 
Walled courtyards off the snack bar are also 
sugges ted for outside dining and relaxation. A 
small stage area is desired for entertainment 
and a s mall area should be set aside for juke box 
dancing. 

Student organizations would be able to hold 
banquets in the proposed banquet rooms. Two rooms 
have been suggested. They should be capable of 
serving up to 200 people for sit-down dinners, 
buffet luncheons, teas, and receptions. Plans call 
for the dining rooms to be especiall y attractive 
in their appointments including carpeting on the 
floor s. 

The need for lounge faclllt ies this year has 
Increased enormously, and for this reason several 
small formal lounges should be located throughout 
the student center for lounging, qu iet conversation, 
and reading. The survey committee felt strongly 
that the center should convey an international 
theme with the lounges d cora ted in the styles 01 
different time periods and of different nations. It 
was felt this would providp a definite break from 
the ins titutional trappings of the campus. 

It was also suggested that these lounges have 
different levels, possibly balconies, to help break 
the lounges down into the smallest possible number 
of private areas. These lounges are not to t , 
multipurpose areas. nor are they to be reservable. 
On would be designated as a TV lounge and anoth r 
as a plano lounge. 

Since most meetings held on the campus do not 
r equire conference-type fa ci lities and are 

sch .~duled primarily in the evenings, the surveYI. 
COlT mittee has suggested combining the fun ctilin ' 
of he lounge with that of the meeting room so 
that the !acility might be open for both study and 
relaxation when not reserved for meetings. 

F or those with a musical talent there would 
be at least two practice rooms within the facility. 
One room would be capable of accommodating a six-
to eight-piece band or choral group. A small ~r _ 
room should be capable of handling at least thr ee 
musicians. Each factUty would be equipped with ~ 
piano, straight-back chairs, and music stanos .• 
Acoustics and sound proofing are critical consid-
erations here. 

Enjoying the stereo sound will be easy in th 
proposed music listening rooms. This area ca]J 
for extremely comfortable furniture and an ex-, 
cellent high fidelity stereophonic system. 

The inclusion of the sleeping cottage indicates 
the entirely revolutionary type of student center that 
is being designed. These cottages would serve as 
temporary housing for student and staff in sear'cb 
of permanent housing accommodations, and 
secondly as a rest facility for commuter studer. 
who find it necessary to stay overnight or res 
between classes. 

The cottage would be designed as a dormltor 
facillty, men and women separate, with several 
sleeping bunks located in one room and sharing a 
common bath. It would afford maximum privacy 
and quiet away from the other activities of trJe 
center. 

Artists. craftsmen and photographers will find 
the design for the craft center to be extremely 
exciting. This facility would provide an opportunity 
for students to develop and use their creative 
talents In woodworking, metalworking, ceramics, 
photographic arts, and automotive repair. The 
area would incorporate a common work center 
with work benches and open areas around whicb 
the work stations and rooms for the various crru~, • 

would be located. Special attention would be given 
to e~lpment selection, lighting. ventUation, work 
flow, layout. sound and dust control. 

A tool crib with storage space for materials 
and supplies would be centrally located for Issuing 
tool s and supplies and malrltalning supervision 
over all craft areas. A work-in progress storage 
room for projects should be easily accessible from 
the work center. 

The automotive repair area with a driveway 
access would be a covered outdoor area adjacent 
to the craft center, with work space for at least 
four cars. The photography facility would employ 
the necessary light baffles and provide four develop-
ing rooms and one printing space. The graphics 
arts area containing printing, embossing. and etCh-
ing equipment would be located in a dust-free 
space off the common work center. The ceramics 
area would provide equipment for thrown and slab 
projects and also a kiln to accommodate several 
projects. The woodworking and metalworking area 
would contain a basic compliment of power and hand 
tools with appropriate bench space. 

The inclusion of a ballroom-auditor ium would 
provide one of the most needed bcil ities on cam~s. 
This facility would be a large multi-purpose room 
with a maximum capacit}' of 600-800 persons. Thi s 
faCility would be flexible enough to be divided into 
two smaller rooms capable of being used simul-
taneously for different program s. Storage space for 
staging, folding chairs, and other equipment would 
be located adjacent to the facility. A complete sound 
system capable of handling all types of events would 
be included in the design. A projection booth and 
screen would also be a part of the facility. 

A minimum of three conference rooms, capable 
of accommodating 20 j>eople around a conference 
table and a larger audience around its walls, 
would be included. The largest of the three would 
have a total capacity of 75 persons. A blackboard 
and projection screen would be available in aU 
conference rooms. 

A recreation and game area would also be in-
cluded. This complex would contain 12 billiard 
tables, four ping pong tables, and eight lanes for 
bowling. In addition to these game facilities. there 
would also be a control center for issuing equipment 
and supervising the area, locker storage for the 
bowling area, and preper soundproofing. 

Services to be provided would be information. 
ticket sales, reservations, reception, book and item 
check, Western Union, a barber shop, campus tours 
and a bank. Also located In this area would be the 
management staff of the student center and the 
Committee on Arts and Lectures. 

For those who would prefer sma 11 intimate 
dinners, included in the center will be two kitchen-
ettes with complete coo kin g facilities. These 
kitchenettes would be attached to small lounges 
with adjoining private patios capable of accom-
modating private dinners. Furniture would include 
dining tables and chairs. 

Both indoor and outdoor display facilities would 
be provided for showing all types of art forms. 
The display areas would not be separate facilities 
but part of the overall program of decor within 
the center. utilizing walkways, halls, lounges and 
patios. 

Student and administratlve space would be joined 
in a common facility apart from, but within close 
proximity to. the other student center facilities . 

The joint offic"s of the ASUCSD and the Student 
Affair s-Activities would work closely together. A . 
receptlon-otfice-lounge wou I d serve as the sec-
retarial work and reception area which can also 
comfortably accommodate waltlng students. 

Off this area would be six private offices, one 
capable of accommodating small conferences for 
Student Affairs- Activities, four offices for the 
ASUCSD, one large storage facility for the ASUCSD, 
one large storage and duplicating room for Student 
Affairs-Activities, and a duplicating room to be 
shared by the ASUCSD and other student organiza-
tions. Located in this complex would be 100 mail-
boxes for student organizations. bulletin boards, 
and writing and typing facilities for students to fill 
out forms and perform other office tasks . 

International Education would also be located 
In t!lis area. Within this office complex would be 
a reception area, work space for four clerical 
personnel, four offices, a large conference room 
available to all groups within the facility, and a 
smaller conference room holding 12 persons . The 
reception area would contain sof t furn iture, maga-
zine racks and bulletin boards. 

The Religious Affair s ar ea would be adjacent 
to the Student Activities-ASUCSD complex and 
would contain a small reception off ice-lounge to 
accommodate one secretary-receptionist and four 
clergymen. Movable partitions would be available 
to provide privacy in thi s area . Off this area there 
would be three small offices where consultation 
and counseling with s tudents can take place. 

KSDT, the Triton Times, and someday the Trident 
wlIl find their home in this area also. The radio 
station area would include a central ofCice off of 
which two studios, a storage and equipment room, 
and a conference and production room would be 
located. The newspaper area would include one 
large otflce, a layout room, a justowriting room, 
and a darkroom with two developing areas and one 
printing area. The yearbook, should it ever exist, 
would havP one large office and a darkroom facility 
with threl. developing areas and one printing area. 
Two or three small offices would be available to 
other media as they developed. 

Cam~s-wlde organizations would acquire a large 
work area with tables, c h a Irs, typewriters, and 
lockable storage cabinets. This facility would join 
the duplicating facility of the ASUCSD. Partitions 
would be employed to afford privacy. 

The architectural style was also a main concern 
of the survey committee. They requested that the 
architecture reflect the influence of our neighbor, 
Mexico, and that an international theme be carried 
throughout the center, bringing the world outside 
of San Diego to UCSD. (t is also hoped that the center 
can be designed as a complex rather than a single 
building incorporating co u r t y a r d s, patios, bal-
conies, and promenades, taking full advantage of 
the Southern California climate. The mood of the 
center will be casual and relaxed where students 
can feel removed from the academic environment 
and pressures. 

The architect will be selected this year and the 
advisory committee will be formulated to give 
final decisions on the design and construction of 
the center. It Is important to realize that the forma-
tion of the student center actuall y lies in the hands 
of the students and that these proposals are merely 
suggestions. and will be puttorth once the committee 
has been formed. 

CHEAP USED BOOKS 
""'"' in Mission Beach "'" 

REED'S BOOKSTORE 
3785 Ocean Front Walk 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK I 
327 F St. 

PAYS DONORS 
for s.rvice 

Tue. - Frf. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9: 30 - 5 :30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233 - 8328 

COVE THEATRE ~ 
7730 GIRARD. LA JOlLA 
Evenings 7 & 9 PM 

• 

NOW IN S'TOCK 

~ 
or row 's Cu rly \ 

H air Pr od u c t:2 

" f,.c:o" S'),I. Comb. 

c, •• 

UNIV 

• 

! 2259 Avenida DE LA PLAYA! 

I Phone 459 - 3465 I 
• • 

I 
• 

I 
• 

I 
• 

Gro ceries, 
Produce, 

I 
• 

I 
• I 
• 

Jack Lemmon and 
Catherine Deneuve 

are 
I I i Meats, i 

"The April Fools" 
iWine & Beer i Tt'Chnlcnlor' ~ ~ 
-1._._._._._._.1 

Mon thz:u Frl 
6--8--10:15 p.m. ~II;=~_' 

"A RIOT OF 
SEXUAL VANDALISM" 

--Playboy 

"ACRES OF ANATOMY 
AND BUSHELS OF BOSOMS" 

Satu rday & Sunday 
2:00 - 4:00 - 6:00 
8:00 & 10:15 P.M. 

, 
, \ 

(!,'1, 
1'"/ 
.~ •. J 

' .,. f ' .: " (-'~' ~ . ~;. --
I 4 « I 

, ... ~---'./ 
..... "1 - I 
'~ . . I-

-;"-
~ . --

KEIROULLEA· E~iA BERGER -LILli P~"'IEH 

'· 'I1"';<·j I!~---
~ . , . "i"" COLOR -' X JOHN H1 STON ',., '.P' ,, >MERle >N 'M I.\!:· <=-'-----'.!.I 

Come in early 
for your 

Chllstmas (jift Books 
Choose from our select ion of ~uch 
tested favorites as 

The New York Times Cook Book 
Rachel Carson 's 

The Sense of Wonder 
Edna St. Vincent M illay', 

Collected Poems 
Bennett Cerf's Treasury 

of Atrocious Puns 
Nancy Mitford's 

The Sun King 

and the best· loved child ren ' cia sics 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 



trit 
TH 

n tilDes 
AltTI 

Look Mommy, the Pictures Move 
by Barbara Janeway spotlight Halloween with a "Spook Spectacular ." 
staff Writer Vincent Price will star in "The Fly," a science 

" Weekend !" The Muir Coll ege Cine Series is 
showing its most exciting fil m this &1ndayevening, 
free of charge, at 7:30 in USB 2722. 

" Weekend." is a fantastic film in which all of 
life becomes a weekend--a cataclysmic, seismic 
traffic jam. The fil m mu st be seen for its power, 
ambition, humor, and scenes of reall y astonishing 
beauty. 

The film is an Italian-French co-production. 
The dialog Is in French with Engli sh sub-titles. 
Jean-Luc Goddard, director of , " Weekend, " is a 
leading French film maker who has brewed great 
controversy ever since his fir st film . Goddard 
shows the world of the outsider : students, for eign-
ers, and criminals, all the fr inge elements of urban 
society. He brings to such seemingly depressing 
subject matter his personal, sharply comic vision. 

" Weekend!" is filled with rage, violence, and 
cruelty,--plus tender poetry and endlessly exciting 
cinema imagery. 

The fil m is a series of scenes, each created, 
built-up, and established, then ab ruptly and amaz-
ingly shattered. Its character s are annihilated, 
but the ideas they represent remain. 

There are many themes woven into the movie: 
the consumer society and horror of the bou rgeoisie; 
the growing violence in "civilized" life; and the 
indiscriminate butchery and carnage on the roads. 

The Muir Series, remembered from last year 
for its intellectually demanding !ilms, will continue 
with "Bodu Saved From Drowning, " and Peter 
Weiss' "Faces in the Shadows," on November 9. 

The program of Nov. 16 will include " Halluci-
nations" by Peter Weiss, and the famed "Mickey 
One" by Arthur Penn. This last film was badly 
received by all but European cntics, and went 
unnoticed in America until the release of "Bonnie 
and Clyde, " which brought attention to Penn and 
his CO-director, Warren Beatty. "Mickey One" 
uses montage and documentary styles, fluctuating 
between surreal fantasy and symbolic realism. 

The Associated Students are also presenting a 
film series on Fr iday nights. This week's will 

fiction drama about a man who tries to transmit 
matter by disassociating atoms and reassembling 
them at his receiver. He faces a cr isis when a 
fl y accidentally accompanies him through the 
transmitter, and the atoms ofthe two beings become 
confused. The perennial great, " King Kong," will 
be the hit of the evening. 

On Nov. 7 " The Mouse that Roared" will come 
to UCSD. Showing with the Rodent will be "One 
Potato, Two Potato," the first Hollywood film 
dealing with interracial marriage. 

On Nov. 14 Gregory Peck, Robert Mitchum and 
Polly Bergen will star in "Cape Fear." "Ulysses," 
a Hollywood approximation of the great Italian 
adventures (Hercules, et al), will bring the great 
stone face of Kirk Douglas to the UCSD screen. 

"General Spanky," starring Spanky and the Little 
Rascals, will accompany Orson Welles' great film, 
"Citizen Kane, " on Nov . 21. Depicting the rise of 
a powerful newspaper owner, the film is known for 
its pointed parallels to the life of William Randolph 
Hearst. 

The program for Dec. 5 is " Revival, " a collec-
tion of recen t UCLA student fil ms. The UCLA 
Theater Arts Department undoubtedly runs the 
most widely-known college cinema company, and 
its films should be both technically and concep-
tuall y off bea t. 

The ASUCSD series wil l run in USB 2722, 
Fridays at 7:30. Admission is 50 cents for under-
graduates, 75 cents for all others. 

The Coffee Hut is showing its Wednesday night 
fllms. Mark Waxman, the entertainment dir ector, 
has ordered "The Perils of Pauline" for the serial 
this quarter. Although not last year ' s " Buck 
Rodgers," "Pauline" should have some appeal 
for its weekly cliff-hanging episodes. 

The classic stag film , "Apple Knockers and the 
Coke," with Norma Jean Baker (Marilyn Monroe 
before she was well known), led off the series last 
week. The weekly off e r i n g s that accompany 
"Pauline" inc Iud e the classic, "The Seventh 
Voyage of Sinbad." 

These films will be shown at the Coffee Hut, 
Wednesday nights at 9 p.m. 

Aquarius Reflects Our Style 
by Llrry Johnso1 
Staff Writer 

Exuberant! Were one to de-
scribe "Hai r" in one word, tha t 
would be the word. Appearing 
at thl? Aquarius theater in Holl\'-
woorJ, the enthusiastic folk rock 
musical certainly displays a 
youthful vigor, and is one of the 
major theatrical events of the 
age. It is well worth seeing both 
for its entertainment value and 
for its theatrical significance. 

"Hair,' at least purportedly, 
presents the "with it' portion 
of the now generation, and like 
that which it represents, it is 
full of innovation and unconven-
tionality. Almost entire' ylacking 
a plot in any standar I sense, 
"Hai r" moves through a series 

I "Say: All 
! are (rea eel 

by God." 
BAHA 'U'LLAH 

FOUNDER, BAHA'I FAITH 

755- L70l 
l iterature is ava ilable and 
in formal f ires ide discuss ions 
are held frequently. 

of free- floating sequences which 
express ideas and altitudes in a 
musical choreographic collage. 

The general idea seems to be 
to do your own thing--whatever 
feels good and Iloesn't hurt any-
one else--and to hell with the 
establishment, to hell with 
racism, and to the very deepest 
hell with the draft. 

The choreography was very 
well done and the music contained 
fair to excellent examplesofcon-
temporary folk rock. The lighting 
was a masterpiece. "Electric 
Blues," opening the second act, 
was a particularly well-per-
formed mindblower. 

The greatest strength of the 
musical as we ll as its greatest 
weakness lies in its general con-
ception. It shows the way to 
a fresh , unrestrained, and very 
modern vigor, and that is all 
to the good. 

It i£P' t III t tbat the talented 
cast capers up and cown the 

, aisles, throws flowers to the 
audience, uses four-letter words, 
commits all sorts of antics, and 
repeals most of the laws of the 
theater. It isn't even the famous 
nude scene (which, contrary to 
popular opinion, is not the sum 
total of ·Hair~ ), though anyone 
jolted by penis' and puSSies, the 
jolt may have been of therapeutic 
value, 

Rathe r, the virtue of "Hairn lies 
in the spirit and humorousness 
of its assault on old for ms and 
values , and the exu ltation with 
which it affirms the new. "Hair" 

makes its points with all the sub-
tlety of a sledge hammer. That's 
not all to the bad, for one may 
strike many good blows with a 
sledge hammer. But I do be lieve 
they failed to do justice to much 
of the complexity of the now 
generation. 

Furthe rmore, having arrived 
at good conceptions, the show 
tends to repeat them without 
building. Sometimes in the last 
act, once the shock value had 
worn off, I was even a trifle 
bored with this reiteration. 

During one sequence, a black 
and a white soldier reach out 
and touc h hands, saying "black 
and white go good together. ' This 
line got considerable applause, 
and one can 't help thinking the 
applause was more for the timely 
beauty of the thought, as the 
execution of neither the play-
wright nor of the actors was 
sufficient t o provoke s u c h ap-
plause. I feel that the situation 
as a whole is something like that. 

The idea is good, and it is 
well that it was produced, but 
I ha ve the feeling that it didn' t 
quite live up to its mission. I 
beIleve that "Hair " has difficul-
ties with the proble m this gen-
eration may someday have to 
face: now that they have had 
the fun- -and it was fun--of de-
molishing the old, what are they 
to do next? 

In this mo re positive function, 
"Hair" doesn't quite make It. But 
even so, it is highly sl~ificant 
and well worth seeing. 

S.F. Opera Does 
the Valkyrie Bit 

by Larry Jo!lnson 
Staff Writer 

"Aida" is a great beginner's 
opera and a favorite of veteran 
opera-goers. It has spectacle, 
romantic appeal, and the sort of 
music that sends one away hum-
ming for a week. On a recent 
trip to San Francisco I was for-
tunate enough to witness pro-
ductions of" Aida" and also of 
"Goetterdaemmerung.' , 

Gwyneth Jones made an out-
standing Aida. Her voice was 
strong, rich and beautiful. Be-
ing also a good actress and a 
nice-looking woman, she put the 
role across very effectively. 
M'lrga!'ita Lilova as Aida's rival, 
Amneris, also made a remarkable 
musical and dramatic presenta-
tion. The other roles were all 
pretty well-sung and were often 
well-acted, though acting is a 
lesser consideration in opera. My 
only real objection would be that 
the "Grand MarCh," while well-
played In the orchestra, envolved 
a rather sparse group of mar-
chers. 

Though stars of the magnitude 
of Gwyneth Jones or "Goetter-
daemmerung" 's Amy Shuard do 
not often appear in San Diego, 
the greatest difference lies in 
the secondary roles. While tal-

ent sometimes runs thin in spots 
in San Diego opera, in San Fran-
cisco the roles are filled with 
excellent performers down to the 
last spear carrier. It makes 
quite a difference to the total 
experience. 

Wagner's "Goetterdaemmer-
ung", or " Twilight of the Gods," 
was such a powerful opera that 
I even found it worth standing 
up for, for four and one-half 
hours (there were no cheap seats 
left when I got there). Amy 
Shuard did a fine job as Bruen-
nhilde. She is not Birgit Nil-
sson, of course, but then who 
is? Peter Lagger did a good 
job as the sinister Hagen, with 
Jess Thomas a credible Sieg-
fried. Lilova, the Amneris of 
"Aida," gave a superlative per-
formance in the brief role of 
the Valkyrie Waltraute. 

While the opera is based on 
an old Germanic legend, it has 
remarkable application to our own 
time. It tells of the death of 
an old world, torn by greed, hate 
jealousy, conniving and treachery 
and the birth of a new world 
ruled by love. U you can make 
it, don't miss it. 

Margaret Bowden (Michael Learned) clasps the dead body of her 
would-be- soldier son Clayton (Ror Schenk) in this scene from 
"Glory! Hallelu jah!", Ann Mar ie Barlow's dramatic evocation of 
the Civil War . 

This parable play explores the nature of the war and its effect 
upon the me mbers of a Louisiana family in a kaleidoscopic produc-
tlOn contrasting the romantic view of the home front wi th the grim 
reality of the battlefield. The American Conservatory Theatre I 
production will be seen in color on the NET Playhouse, SUnday at_ 
8:30 p.m . on KEBS-TV Channel 15. 

Emperor and the fifth 
In Beethoven (oncert 

Pianist Jakob Gimpel, the celebrated Chopin interpreter will turn 
his talents to Beethoven tonight with the San Diego Symphony 
Orchestra. 

The Polish-born Gimpel, who has performed in concert halls 
throughout the world, will play the Piano Concerto No. 5 in E Flat 
Major, the "Emperor" Concerto which sold 40,000 records in three 
months in England alone when Gimpel recorded it with the Berlin 
Philhar monic. 

San Diego Symphony Music Director and Conductor Zol tan Rozsnyai 
will conduct the orchestra in the all-Beethoven concerts, which also 
will include the "Cor iolanus" Over ture, Op. 62 and the Fifth 
Symphony. 

Born into a highly musical fam :ly, JakobGim pel began his mus ical 
training at age five and at 15 was graduated with honors from Lvov 
Conservatory of Music in Poland. From there he went on to Vienna, 
where during his youthful debut he was descr ibed by the critics 
as a "new genius of the Piano." 

Since then GI mpel has received the plaud its of critics in alllXirts 
of the world. 

• 'Gimpel has enough tone for 10 pianists, enough velocity for 20 
and enough mu sicianship for a squad or two beSides," said Alfred 
Frankenstein in the San Francisco Chronicle. 

An appearance in New York City caused the New York Times to 
write: " Mr. Gimpel's playing was conspicuous for its authority, 
clarity, fini sh and singing tone. All in all a masterly performance: ' 

it A pianist of sterling integrity," wrote the London Times . 
" .. ,an unforgettable and deepl y moving experience," is what the 

Stockholm Aftontldningen had to say of Gimpel' s performance. 
Gimpel, who w!ll teach a master piano class this semester at 

San Diego's United states International University School of Per-
forming Arts, has lived in Los Angeles since his arrival in the 
United States In 1938. 

The concert, at the Civic Theatre, wilt begin at 8:30 p.m. student 
tickets ar e avail abl e at the box offIce . • 

FOUND: Cat at 204MC on Mon-
day. Gray with black and yel-
low. Call Flo ext.26l6 Penal Code Sec. 3112, Or 
TOb~n~Bt!.i ng is a Touchy T opic,~~~··~~~,~:~:,£:~;:::~ 

Staff Writer as the United States is supposed It is not obscenity and pornog- See Jon Kobrinsky, 224 North 
"Nudity itself is not Illegal, to be. "Censorship is not con- raphy that cause rapists, but Cedros, Solana Beach. 

however g rap hi c depiction of sistent with democratic theory," rather the lack of It. Many people I 
sexual play is," said Rubien he said. have been brought up under the ' 
Brandon, Detective of the San Pornography salesmen have to idea of protecting the children I 
Dlego Police Department's Vice- worry about censorship from not by keeping them ignorant about 
Squad. Brandon, along with five ooly the government but from the sex. For these people, pornog-
participants, spoke on the subject publiC, too. "Pregnant" was the raphy Is a safety factor rather 
of obscenity and pornography at word that caused a newspaper than something that is detrl-
a University Extension confer- syndicate to be burnt to the mental to the society. 
ence at La Jolla's Holiday lnn ground in 1890. As ideas about Detective Brandon said that 

1962 Corvalr Automatic 
Leaving country. Call 453-4159 
or ext. 1454 

Si" , e 1947 

STORE FOR MEN 
CLOTHING 

FI!RNISHINGS 
SHOES 

last Saturday. sex have changed, society has pornography is not detrImental 
The purpose was to inform adopted the policy (which Is now to the society, but it is detrl-

the pu bli c about the existing law) that it is legal to make mental the way people have to 
problems and what Is and should any type of pornography, as long secure it. For example, when a 
be done. Brandon went on to ex- as It is not sold to the public, person buys a pornographic mag-
plain that It is legal to show as and Is kept within the confines azine, he almost always insists 
much of the human body as de- of the individual's home. that It be put In a bag, while 
sired and as often, but once a The attitude of the public ls if he were to buy a magazine 

fROUS 
IUIOII 

male Is to touch a female (or changing rapidly. "I think that such as TIME or LIFE, he would 
vice-versa) on any part of a we'll see a legalization of por- not insist upon a bag. It Is this 
sexual or gan ism, the law Is nography within the next five type of action, Brandon said, that 
broken. years,'; Brandon speculated. The leads to moral breakdown in the 

Dr. Avrum stroll, de~rtment law that determines whether society. 
chairman of the UCSD philosophy sam e t h i n g Is to be termed Wahl admitted that obscenity 
department, introduced a deflnl- "harmful material," states that and pornography has been aprob-
tloo of obscenity and pornog- the material must be "utterly lem since before the Unit e d 
raphy, accepted by all the speak- without redeeming social impor- States was for m e d. But the 
ers: Obscenity can be defined as lance." American people are no longer 
anything that is offensive to the When it is determined whether sexually stupid, he maintained, -
modesty or decency of the indl- obscenity an d pornography I s and it Is foolish to hide from 
Vidual, and pornography (from harmful to the individual, the them thaf which they already 
the Greek meaning "writing of legality of such material will be know and en joy. As Sigmund 
the prostitutes") ls defined as clearly defined. Raymond T. Freud once put it, "They are 
any form of literary or artistic Gauer, national director for the little devils who pay an enor-
work offensive to the society. Citizens for Decent Literature, mous price for a little pleasure." 

The most publicized problem believed that smut is now at a 
with obscenity and pornography point where it is harmful to the 
is determining what should be average person. 

ACADEMY AWARD WINNER 
barred from whom--that is, cen-
sorship; stroll bell eve d that 
there should not be censorship 
ID a sell-coveniDC community. 

Dr. Charles Wahl, associate 
professor of psychiatry at UCLA, 
dlsqreed with Gauer's staD4. GRADUAl 

PEACE 
as in WAR and ... 

ACADEMY AWARD WINNER! 
,.T:ua --Ipl~ A'e-.::: PART I T.;r.l~:"=\iz 
n.Bn na ~ :AJ Tonigh'-Thursday. 

IN COLOR 

FINE ARTS 
1818 GARNET. STREET 274·4000 

.... --1 PINE ARTS 
1818 GARNET STREET 274·4000 

Saturday Midn ight 

••• the hest of! 
Hold MeWhile I'm Naked 

Bv GpOIi!t' KlIdlJI 

Appleknockers and the '"''''' ...... C' 
ManlYn MonrO<' WhIle she was stI ll Nornl. Jpa" 

Baker made Ih ls extraordinary " nudlc cutlt!" film It 
"'·(·0IJlt· obVIOUS that . ev~n then 
for Immor, ... lll y 

By Carl l.llId," 
one 01 (/p{t roO." t'rtHIC o,tt'nt"\ I h.w,> f-' \.'cr 

cen on ,,1m' " - G'f'~R BJr"o, lI .ub,"~r M,' j:.lflnt' 

DETONATIO OF'F' ON XF'ILI,f 
81' CARL LI'In£R By &onll Ba"h'[I II . ,John, \ hn/II! 

SEE IT! IFYOU HAVEN'T,YOU SHOULD. IF YOU HAVE,YOU'LL WANT TO! 
TECINal.!J!" 

..... _--......... A.CADE1VJ:Y t-----.... 
3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284·1000 

WEDNESDAY 
NOV. 5 
9 P. M EST It's new .•. it's Sinatra 

• • a ll the way. CBS ·"..V BUDWEISER, • ~ING OF B[[RS •• ANHEUSER· BUSCH. INC • T.lOUIS 
• • N[WAR~ • LOS ANGElES. TAMPA . HOUSTON. COLUMBUS. JACKSONSVllll 



Professors Thrash Ouf 
The Jungle Once Again 

by Jim Sills 
staff Writer 

A discussion on U.S. policy in Southeast Asia, with an emphasis 
on Viet Nam was to be the finale of a week of lectures on U.S. involve-
ment in Asia last Friday night. 

But it didn't happen. 
Instead, their discussion developed into a full-scale debate on the 

correctness of the U.S. government's response to Communism over 
the last 50 years. In this broad discussion, Viet Nam had only a small 
part. 

In their opening statements, Dr. Frank Halpern ofUCSD and Minos 
Generales of San Diego state indicated the impossibility of considering 
Viet Nam, or even Southeast Asia, alone. 

Generales, professor of international law and a graduate of AtheJ)s 
University, began by refusing to take part in another hashing-over 
of crucial events in Viet Nam. "The questions of the Geneva Treaty, 
the non-elections of 1956, and the U~S. involvement are endlessly 
arguable. Perhaps it is better to consider future possibilities than 
to belabor the past." 

Nevertheless, Generales put Viet Nam into the perspective of the 
U.S. confrontation with Communism since 1945. U.S. aid to the 
French in the early 50' s was Justified by contemporary U.S. involve-
ment in Korea, and the resultant fear of being "flanked." 

Generales summarized by saying that Southeast Asia has been an 
area of conflict because there was never a clear-cut line separating 
Communist and "free world" areas. 

Looking to the future, he concluded that for U.S. foreign policy 
to succeed it must be backed by conviction. "Unless we have faith 
in what we do, we don ' t belong anywhere." 

Halpern, professor of physiCS, began the debate aspect of the 
evening by commencing his opening statement with references to 
what Generales had just said. "France could not have fought in 
Indo-China without U. S. aid." 

He went on to say that Viet Nam was another example of world-
wide U.S. manipulation. He cited former South Vietnamese President 
Diem as an example. "Diem was set up as a dictator by the U.S., 
and was deposed when the U.S. gave the word to the South Vietnamese 
Army." 

Halpern furthered his world view of the problem by QUoting Mario 
Savio's statement that, liThe Cold War began in 1917 when the U.S. 
sent 50,000 troops into Russia during the Russian Revolution. This 
action set the tone of hostillty between the U.S.S.R. and the U.S." 

Halpern brought up his experiences in Washington when he worked 
for the Institute of Defense Analysis. "The people in Washington in 
1963 were thinking in typical strategic terms. They were interested 
in the number of telephones per square mile, but not in the opinions 
of the people living in that m He." 

The question session, in which the audience of about 75 people 
participated, began with a spirited debate over the U.S. involvement 
in Greece in 1948 . 

Generales defended the U.S. by noting that "a functional democracy 
was set up in Greece, which usually produced socialist governments." 
Halpern saw Greece as " another country ' saved from Communism' 
which has since become a dictatorship,' · 

In response to a question involving peaceful political efforts by 
Communists, Generales pointed out that "Communists have never 
been popularly elected, and thus must rel y on violence to gain 
power. " Halpern contended that the Bolsheviks !lad won election in 
Russia. (In this he was incorrect. The Constituent Assembly 
elected nationwide in October, 1917 in Ru ssia was dominated by 
the Socialist Revolutionaries who were parliamentary socialists.) 

Generales and Halpern found their only agreement of the night 
on the QUestion of Chinese and Russian influence in Hanni. Generales 
cited large amounts of material sent to Nor' h Viet Nam by the two 
Communist giants as evidence of their lnfluence. Halpern agreed, 
particularly noting the power of Red China in Hanoi. He claimed 
that Ho Chi Minh was restrained from trying to unify Viet Nam in 
1954 by the Chinese. 

The discussion was concluded by the two professors giving their 
views on U.S. Asian policy after Viet Nam. Generales said, "We 
should get out of Asia as soon as we can without sacrifiCing our 
interests to where we will pay a greater price later. I expect U. S. 
policy to remain consistent no matter who is in the White House, 
for whoever is President is faced with the same facts. Many of these 
facts are secret to all but the President." 

Halpern defined Nixon's goal of ' peace with honor' as, "The U.S. 
dictating the form and content of the South Vietnamese government. 
Let the Russians, Vietnamese, Chinese, Martians or whoever, 
settle the future of Southeast Asia. I don't think my interests will 
suffer from a shift of power in Asia. Indeed, my interests may be 
closer to the National Liberation Front than to Nixon . II 

fashion is 
our 

MISSION VALLEY . GROSSMONT 

- ISRAEL-
11 week Student Group 
includes 3 weeks in Europe 
and a Mediterranean Cruise 

nee" a ;0' ? 
call Marty: 755-8850 

lJ)ST: a bright red nylon 
jacket with hood, in vicinity of 
Scripps pier on Sunday between 
9 and 11am. Please return to 
Laura Harris 459-5632 

Solicit ,Ad".rtis,m,nts for this 
n.ws p.p.r 10-15 , p.r w •• k 

15,. commission 6BB D.". HBII.nd 
Triton Tim.s Offic, 250 M.th,ws 

Research 
Opportunities 
At 
Physics 
International 

ScLenUsts and en,loeers at PI are conducting re-
se .. rcb prognms that heYe already .~nded the 
lronUers of seyeral scleotUlc nelds. Prominent men 
01 many dlsclpllnes and backgrouods have crated 
a hlgbly stimulating and productive atmosphere. The 
rapid growtb In these programs has created sey-
erlll ertremely challenging new positions. Coupled 
wUh thls professional e .. lronment are the many 
physlcat and culturlll advantages 01 the &1n Fnn-
cisco Bay Area. 

Career OAlOrtunitles exist In the research areas 
!lsled tor tndlylduals with BS, MS, and PhD ..... 
grees, with or without experience. 

Hlgb performanee shock tubes, hyperveloclly Ilceel-
eratlon, aerodynamics, <letonatiOll pbeoomena, blast 
wave and nrel».U simulation, re-entry phenomena. 

HV pulse generation, pulsed radlaUon sources, HV 
breakdown pheoomena, ultra high current electron 
beams. 

StillS WIVI Prl, ••• ti .. 
Oynamlc response 01 materials, sbock eeopllyslcs 
equallon ot state. ' 

n.llrltlul PllysiCi 
RadiatIon transport. stress waye propap.Uon, heat 
transter. cas dynamiCS, MHD. 

Ihclllr WI.,.I .. EfllCts 
Vulnerllblltty analysis, transient radlatloo eUeels In 
electronics, blast eUects, hi.rdentng. 

E Ilctrl ·O ,tin 
uv, visible and lR measurements, eUeels ot radl-
at160 on optlcal components. 

Campus Interviews 
Monday, Nov. 3 

For addltlonal lntormatlon please contact the Place-
ment Ottlce. 

-==-r-.=- PHYSICS 
INTERNATIONAL 

U an tntervlew Is inconvenient ror you at this time 
please send yoor inquIry to Professional Placement 
DUlce, 2700 Merced street, San Leandro, California 
94577. 
We are an eQUal opportunity employer. US citizen-
ship reQUired. 

"'Take The Money And Rua' 
Is nuttlneu triumphant. 

Yoa IDaJ be r .......... 01 CllapUa ••• 
Joa "Jthlak oIW.C-nel ..... 

bat aho •• all 
,oa'll .. Wood, Allen 

orillaal. !!lOOK MAGAllNE 
"SOMETHING VERY SPECIAL AND ECCENTRIC AND 

FUNNY. AS FUNNY TO WOK AT AS IT IS TO LISTEN TO." 

"A SMASH! 
ONEOF 

THE MOST 
EFFECTIVE 
LAUGH-INS 

YOU WILL 
EVER SEE." 

- Jo)'u >bMr 
loa An.,ln Tim .. 

"INSANELY 
FUNNY." 

"RIB-CRACKING 
COMEDY-
A RARITY IN 
OUR TIME." 

A JACK ROlliNS AND CHARLES H. JOFFE Production 
k,...., ., ". ..... ., h "lftM ~-.c" ,~. ,.,.... ....c ., 00ttlW ., 

WOODY ALLEN and MICI<EY ROSE / CHARLES H, JOFFE I SIOHEY GLAZtER IlACK GROSSBERG I IiARVIN HAIiLlSCH l WOOOY AlLEN / COlOR 
~AOM Tt1E AMERICAN &ROADCA5T1NG COMPANY. INC. 015TRI6UTEO er CINERAMA RELEASING CORPORATION 

NOW 
PLAYING! 

1.1~:-~~~9 Mon. thru Fri. 
6:00-B:00-lO:00 
Saturday & Sunday 
2:00-4:00-6:00 
8:00 & 10:00 PM 

The thrilling climax for a typical rugby play. 

Rugby .. 
Muddy and Bloody 

One afternoon, about 17 years after the battle of Waterloo, a PJpil 
of Rugby School in England with nonconformist tendencies sald 
aw-the-hell-with-kicking-the-ball, tucked the soccer spheroid under 
his arm, and ran it into the goal instead. 

The officials cluck-clucked disapprovingly and student William W. 
Ellis' only comeback was to devise a new game in which the ball was 
carried and the players got kicked. 

At first, the game of Rugby resembled in many respects the 
present game. Hacking (deliberate kicking of the opponents) was 
encouraged, while upwards of 20 people on a side partiCipated; 
the ball was even rounder than it now appears to American eyes. 
Eventually order arose out of the chaos of varying versions of the 
new sport. Order was achieved by a standardization conference 
at cambridge University in the 1B70' s. 

Since unification of PJrpose, the sport has steadlly expanded. 
Exported throughout the British Empire in expansionist days, Rugby 
became established in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa 
and southern Asia. Even the Yanks played Rugby as a university 
sport in the late 1800's (as a forerunner to American football). 

In more recent times the game has spread to France, Italy, 
Bulgaria, Rumania, Japan, Argentina and Thailand. In many countries 
crowds of up to 90,000 watch international games. 

In the U.S., Rugby is played extensively on the East Coast and in 
Southern California, with New York, SI. Louis and Los Angeles being 
the hot beds of interest in the game and post-game activities. 

Rugby is a tradition, not a high-pressure business where victory 
comes only after an expensive outlay for uniforms, pads, coach's 
salaries, flashing scoreboards and tackling dummies. 

If a Rugby team shows up short-handed, the opposition wlll prob-
ably loan them a couple of players. Moreover, despite the rugged 
nature of the contest, players remain gentlemen at all costs. There 
is no coarse onfield chatter during the game; only the captain is 
allowed to utter an occasional, "Well done, John ." 

When a player gets pol e-axed and has to leave the field, it is the 
opposing side who leads the polite spatter of applause. Both winners 
and losers applaud each other off the field after the final whistle. 

To the Virgin spectator, Rugby is a pitched battle fought by 30 
muddy-and-bloody young men whose uniforms date back to football 
garb of the last century: baggy shorts, striped shirts, no padding. 
ear-brassieres and cleated boots. A horrified Eton school head-
master some years ago aptly described Rugby as "a game for 
hooligans played by gentlemen." 

Under Union International rules the game is played by 15 men 
on each side for two periods of 30 to 40 minutes each, with about 
five five-minutes' rest between. 

The players spend a joyful afternoon chasing a plump version of 
the familiar American football, trying to run or kick it across the 
opponent's goal line and touch it to the ground or kick it through 
the uprights (either one worth three points) while at the same time 
bashing down anyone from the other sid~ trying to do the same. 
Substitution Is allowed only for injury. 

A player carrying the ball gets no blocking from his teammates 
so his only salvation is a lateral pass to one of his teammates 0; 
a quick punt downfield. Once he is tackled in possession of the ball 
he must release the ball onto the ground. This spontaneous play is 

~terrupted only by a few things: a score, a penalty or a hopeless 
pileup on the ball. 

In the case of the last two, a "scrum" is called and the two 
!orward opposing lines link arms and huddle over the ball, bouncing 
It between their hairy legs and trying to heel it back to the running 
backs, who then attempt to sweep the end for a score. The scrum 
looks like a combination daisy chain and search for a contact lense. 

Many of the game's most enthusiastic supporters are hard put to 
explain why they love Rugby's majestic mayhem. Yet all agree that 
the low pressure and informal aspects of the sport appeal to them. 
Ruggers play Cor fun rather than merely to win. An important part 
of the tradition is that of "hoisting a pin t" after the game, a spirited 
aspect of the sport which has a particular allure to many in itselt. 

The UCSD Triton Rugby Club isnow holdingpraetlces for scheduled 
games November to April. Rugby is a contact sport--and anyone who 
enjoys It is welcome to turn out; her is a place Cor everyone. 

Soccer Squad 
The UCSD varsity ·soccer team 

is entering it s fourth week of 
competition with return matches 
against previous opponents. The 
overwhelming power of Its oppo-
sition has brought about a tough 
attitude on the part of the UCSD 
squad. 

Lacking the experience and 
ability of teams with predomi-
nantly foreign players, the Tri-
tons are relying primarily on a 
staunch seven-man defense and 
a quick, fast-break aUack . 

The team's offense depends 
heavily on the performances of 
Steve Hirsch and player-coach 
Fred Grunewald, the two-man 
fast-break forward line. The de-
fense is now jelling into a cohe-
sive unit and is expected to im-
prove considerably when hustling 
rookies Ray Carillo, Doug Smyth 
and David Riss gain more playing 
experience. Holding the defense 
together are Bll! Bartels, Doug 
Smith and Ned Newman, a1\ re-
turning lettermen. 

The tough job of controlling the 
play at midfield and settingupthe 

Row for Your Life! 
The sport of rowing, crew, took hold of me last year. I was 

captured by the beauty of the boats, the grace of the oars, and 
the perfectly synchronized team of an eight-man shell. Every 
morning that I rowed I knew I had found my sport. 

Crew is a poetic venture and a torturous journey. Workouts of 
sweat, blisters, COld, pain, heat, cramps, exhaustion, tears, blood, 
and 10,000 meters brought me to the limits of my body and mind. 
At the end of training season, hours of pain and concentration are 
reflected in glimpses of perfection, only one or two moments in ten 
thousand meters that make one feel as a new creature, "eight 
as one." 

On the morning of a race, I would awake at four o'clock and lie 
thinking. Coming up to the starting line my morning dream would 
be reality. I would begin to row, at the gun-sound. I wanted to qu it 
then, for my body hurt, and I could not breathe. 

The vulgar sounds fr om the coxswain's megaphone, and the 
mutual determination that we eight oarsmen shared, kept me going. 
We were rowing together; we would finish together; we were a crew. 

At the end, when we stopped, we didn't know if we had won or lost. 
The win scarcely mattered because we had together surmounted the 
psychological desire to QUit, and had raced together, in our best 
form, as a team. 

Afterward, we could only remember the pleasure of the race 
not the pain. We could only remember the water slapping the hull: 
and the snap of the oar s as they boil ed the water and the graceful 
organic unity of sounds, minds and bodies. ' , 

When I began, I did not believe t!lat there existed a sport that !lad 
so much room for a free mind that could also be so much of a 
team accomplishment. I found that crew was such a sport. Crew is 
a sport of the poetic mind and the educated body a sport where 
thinking is winning. ' 

-

offensive game is handled by All those interested in playing Several great meets are sched-
uled at UCLA and San Francisco. Mike Harkey, a returning letter- on the Triton ba s e b a 11 team 

man, and rookie Mike Lubitz. should meet in the physical ed-
Both have shown vast improve- ucatlon classroom on Thursday, The Triton Rugby Club will 
ment in the last three games. November 6, at 4 p.m. have two practice games tomor-

Goalie Clark Moseley has row at 2 p.m. The Triton II's 
shown exceptional ability for a All freshmen and sophomores (the" Alewives") will go against 
first-year pia y e r, putting his with exceptional athletic ability, the U .S.S. Klondike, and at 3 p.m. 
basketball leaping skills to use speed and agility who are in- the " Triton Reefers" will go 
in stopping shots on goal. Clark terested in partiCipating in the a ga i ns t the Westerner Rugby 
recently recorded the first shut- neWly-formed Fencing Club are ClUb. Team pract ices are now 
out for a UCSD goal keeper, urged to contact Jim White, x- being held on Tuesdayafternoons 
against Irvine. 2282 or 2275. an d Saturdays--a 11 interested 

· _ .• _ .......... __ .....• _ ..... _ .. •. ..........• _ ............. __ .. _. ~.r.e. ~~!~~ .t? partiCipate. 

World Campus Afloat 
1 is a college that does more 
lthan broaden horizons. 
. It sails to them and beyond.! 
: Aga in in 1970, the World Campus Afloat 
: program of Chapman College and Associated 
: Colleges and Universities will take qualified 
: students, faculty and staff into the world 
: laboratory. 
. Chapman Colleg~ now is accepting final 
: applications for the next three consecutive 
: semesters: Spring 1970, Fall 1970 and 

Spring 1971. Preliminary applications also 
may be made for all future semesters. 

Fall semesters depart N~w York for ports 
in Western Europe and the Med iterranean 

: Africa and South America, ending in ' 
: Los Angeles. Spring semesters circle the 
: world from Los Angeles through the Orient, 
: India and South Africa to New York. 

For a catalog and other informat ion, 
complete and mail the coupon below. 

: SAFETY INFORMATION: The s,s. Ryndam, 
: registered in The Netherlands meets 
: International Safety Standards 'for new ships 
: developed in 1948 and meets 1966 fire 
: safety requirements. 

A't student Leana Leach 01 Long Beach 
sketches ruins 01 once·buried city dUflng 
World Campus Afloat viSit to Pompr:m , 

: ........................................................... .. ........ . 

Please send your catalog and any other mater ial I need 10 have. 

SCHOOL INFORMATION 
• Mr. 
• M ISS 
• Mrs. 

----,('""' •• t N"1riiii 
-----'Nam...-orSc11oo~1 - ----

C.mpus ilddre •• Street 

City ~lte--Irp-

• Car"pu._Phono ( J 
Area Cod. 

Ye.r In~ol --p,rp'o<. OIA on 405'Ole 

HOME INFORMATION 

Home Addrtss Hi w ,. 

---C.ly 
Hom~ Phon"..!- I 

Area Code 
Urltl l __ lnfo should be senl to cam nus horn 

appro. dale 
I am inlc'nSiorl In 0 FaU Spllng 0 1 __ 
r I auld I,'e 10 lalk to a ' rm , t'" t ,\Onl " 
CAl" L AFlOA 

· .................................................................... : 



\ 

, 

\ 

, 

____ ~V~O~L~.~l~X~X~X~V~I~II~ __________ ~F~R~I~D~A~Y~M~O~R~N~IN~G~,~O~C~T~O~B~E~R~3~1~,1~9~6~9~ _______________ O_A __ llY l:~O~e ____ __ 

FUTURE 
TALKS 
SET 

Next week, students on the 
San Diego campus of UC will 
ha ve the opportunity to discuss 
educational programs with these 
organizations: 

On November 3, AEROJET 
GENERAL (space division) will 
talk to students completing de-
grees in Mechanical Engineering, 
Aerospace Engineering, Math, 
Biology, Engineering Physics, 
and Applied Electro-physics. All 
degree levels are sought. (US 
citizenship is, naturally, requir-
ad.) 

Als;~ lIiI Monday, PHYSICS 
INTERNATIONAL will talk to 
meclHllcal Enl;ineers" Plasma, 
High Energy, land Solid i state . 1 
Physicists, Geophysi;!ists, Aero-

:;I). t:~g Eng!neers, Electrical En-
gineers, and Materials Scient-
ists . Again, all degree levels 
ar'~ sought and US citizenship 
Is re 1\1 i1"~j . 

Tuesday, re)!·'~ ·;'):.J~l~ives will 
be 0!1 ca.mpus from GE~ERAL 
DYNAMICS CONVAIR DIVISION, 
who will spea!< with Aerospace 
Engineer ,> , Mechanical Engin-
eers , and Electrophysicists at 
the Bachelor and Master's de-
gree level. (As always, US citi-
zenship is required.) 

Schedul~1 fJr Wednesday, 
SPERRY SYST::MS MANAGE-
MENT DIVISION wUl talk with 
EI,! :, tdccl.lor SYiitGmS Engineers, 
mathematicians and· \.pplied 
Pnysld -ts at all degree levels. 
(Please bring proof of citizen-
ship.) 

The NAVAL ELECTRONICS 
LABORATORY CENTER is in-
terested in Electrical Engineers 
a t all degree level, l!1:t Physi-
r; :3:S at the Bachelo,'s and Mas-
ter's deb'fee level. (US citizen-
ship is ordered.) 

At the S.lme time, XEROX 
CORPJ RAT!ON will talk with 
studeu '" I 1 Liberal Arts and Eco-
nomics at the Bachelor and Mas-
ter's degree level for the , Field 
Sales trainee positions. s. (They 
didn't say whetilar', 01' lOt they 
w'lntad Amel'ican citizens.) 
.Jo On Thursday, the AETNA IN-
SURANCE COMPA~Y will speak 
to students in any discipline at 
the Bachelor degree level for 
their Man~LJemant Training Pro-
gram. They 3'luin citizenship 
in the US, whil9 SHELL COM-
P A.'11ES w!ll taLi< to anyone who 
is a Chemist, Physicist, Earth 
Scientist or Oceanogr~lphers at 
the doctoral level f.)r ;>ositions 
in basic and applied research with 
their company. 

On the final day, STANFORD 
UNIVERSITY TEACHER E'!)UCA-
'nON PROGRAM peo;>le will 
spew; w~~a students interested in 
their fifth year program in sec-
ondary ~ducation. This pro-
gram leads to a Master of Arts 
degr83 1:1 E1ucation and the 
secondary teaching credential. 

Comolete details are avail-
able in the On-Campus in-
terviews Calendar for this ~uar­
ter, which is posted 0:1 bulletin 
board throughout the campus. In-
formatio!l is also available at the 
Career·Ejucation p-iWniDg Cen-
te r, 250MC, ext. 240·l. An dis-
cussions with these employer re-
p. asentatlves will be conducted 
at the Center. 

"They're giving it awayl" 

New Policy Abroad 
LUXEMBOURG--The American 
student Information Service 
(ASIS) has announced that after 
12 years of successful opera-
tion it is now able to give 
scholarships to all students. 
This means that a number of 
its standard services will be 
free of charge from now on. 

ASIS will absorb all regis-
tration and enrollment fees for 
students who wish to attend an 
ASIS-Eurocentre language Llab-
oratory in Europe and place any 
student in a paying iob of his 
choice in Europe, arranging all 
working papers and permits at 
no charge to the student. 

Other free services include 
five-country orientation trips 
(four days, all accommodations 
covered by the scholarships), 
free comprehensive health and 
accident insurance for 90 days 
and a free set of LP language 

records and manuals. 
students only register with and 

join ASIS for this all-inclusive 
program which is open to all 
students. Free material may be 
obtained by writing directly to 
ASIS, 22, Ave. de la Liberte. 
Luxembourg City, Grand Duchy 
of Luxembourg, requesting their 
new Handbook explaining the free 
services covered by the new 
scholarships and containing list-
ings of paying jobs available in 
Europe, registration andapplica-
tion forms, European train 
schedules with prices, Student 
Discount Card application, travel 
tips, scale map of Europe, mi-
leage and other charts and pic-
tures of former participants 
studying, working and traveling 
in Europe. However, each inqui-
ry must include $2 to cover the 
cost of overseas handling and 
airmail postage. 

Index to The Times 
Friday, Halloween 
7 :30pm Spook Spectacular--
"King Kong" "The Fly" and 
others, USB2722. 50 cents. 
8 :00pm Poet Conflux, Infor-
mal lounge 
9 :00pm EntertainmenT at Cof· 
fee Hut 
10:00pm Near-Beer Chugging 
Contest, Coffee Hut 
Saturday, Nov. 1 
B:OOpm Circle K meeting. 
4083 Mesa Apts. 
8 :30pm Fall Bawl/Talent Con-
test, Gvm 
9 :00pm Entertainment at Cof-
fee Hut 
12 :00pm Fall 8awl Dance, Re-
velle Cafeteria 

Sunday .l>Iov. 2 
7 :30pm Muir Clnema- "Week-
end." USB2722 

Monday, Nov. 3 
7 :00pm B.S.C •• Sudent Act-
ivities Conference Room In 
250MC 
7 :OOpm S.O.S., H L 1148 

Tuesday, Nov. 4 
3 :30pm Water Polo with S.D. 
State, Natatorium 
Wednesday. Nov. 5 
4 :00pm Lecture by Bob Man-
agan. USB2722 
4 :00pm Trident C.hristian Fel-
lowship Bible Study, H L458 
6 :30pm Alpha Sigma Phi, USB 
3060 
6 :30pm Friends of Resistance, 
Lower Blake Lounge 
8 :00pm MECHA, USB3020 
8 :00pm People Night, Infor-
mal lounge 
8 :30pm Extension Jazz Ser-
ies. Imperial Room. Torrey 
Pines Inn 
9 :00pm "The 7th Voyage of 
Sinbad" and "Perils of Pauline" 
at Coffee Hut 
Thursday, Nov. 6 
7 :OOpm Russian Club, Lang. 
Lounge 
7 :30pm Libertarian Alliance, 
USB3060 • 
8:00pm SIMS Introductory 
lecture on Transcendental Med-
itation. USB3070 

MIXED 
AClU Joins thur"It 

Wallet-size cards, "II You 
Are Arrested," distributed by 
the American Civil Liber-
ties Union, will be made avail-
able during the worship hour at 
University Lutheran Church this 
Sunday, beginning at lOam. Cam-
pus pastor John G. Huber will 
speak on the theme, "What to 
Do in Case You're Arrested," 
with empha~civill moral respon-
sibility and emH rights. A rep-
resentative from ACLU and one 
from the San Diego Police De-
partment have been invited to 
engage in dialogue following the 
worship service. All are wel-
come. The chapel is located at 
9595 La Jolla Shores Dr., on 
the western edge of Revelle 
College. 

Films Censored 
The film committee of the 

Program Board will meet next 
Tuesday at lpm in the Student 
Activities office, 250MC. Those 
interested in selectlug the films 
for next quarter should plan to 
attend. 

Cash Exchange 
The Material Manager's of-

fice will conduct a public auc-
tion of found and unclaimed 
property on Saturday, November 
I, in the Recieving Department, 
BMC509. 

The auction will begin 
at lOam immiediately following 
the inspection period, and will 
be conducted from the Recieving 
Department dock. Sales will be 
for cash only. The property to 
be sold includes books, slide 
rules, watches, radios, bicycles, 
cameras, brief cases, glasses, 

IA 
jc"''?1ry, C othing and miscellan-
eous items 

Service Men Meet 
UCSD Circle K will me t on 

Saturday af 7:30pm at 4083 Mir-
amar Stre~t , in the Mesa Apar-
tments. II you missed the Wed-
nesday meeting, please come to 
learn how you can serve your 
school and community as a 
member of the largest college 
men's service club. 

SS Tactics Discussed 

There is a Selective:; Service 
Seminar to be held this week-

. el.d at USD School of Law in 
More Hall. The featured speak-
er is Bill Smith, LA draft at-
tor ney. Mr. Smlth has represen-
ted clients in the field of sel-
ective service administrative law 
for over three years. He is also 
publisher of the national maga-
zine, COUNTERDRAFT. 

The Saturday session begins 
at 9:30am. There will be talks 
on various aspects of the Sel-
ective Service System, inclu-
ding exemptions, deferments, ap-
peal procedures, and conscien-
tious objection. 

in the afternoon there will 
be a panel discussion from 
3:00 to 5:00pm. The members 
will include law professor Ken 
Wood, a local board member, 
the Chairman of the local 
board, Mr. Bill Smith, plus a 
San Diego attorney experienced 
in Selective Service matters and 
a government Appeal Agent. 

The Sunday Session begins at 
noon and is a workshop for 
draft counselors with Mr. Smith. 

More Peacetal~s Coming 
Guerrillas ; Troops Battle 
A program of encounter 

groups sponsored by the Office 
of Religious Affairs will begin 
in November. Day-long groups 
have been scheduled for ovem-
ber 8th and December 6th, and 
a weekend encounter scheduled 
for November 21st. 

Fr. Ed Donovan, of the Of-
fice of Religious Affairs, and 
a member of the Center for 
studies of the Person will lead 

8 :00pm "Human Rights Under 
Capitalism and Socialism" by 
Tibor Machan, Matthews Cafe 

$1 public, $ .25 students 
8 :30pm Trident Christian Fel-
lowship meeting, 8854 Nott-
ingham Place, lJ 

Friday • Nov. 7 
6 :00pm Gimmick Car Raily 
and Poker Run, South Park-
inglot, Revelle. $2 .50/car. 

7 :30pm "One Potato, Two 
Potato" and "The Mouse That 
Roared" USB2722. 50 cents. 
8:30pm Coffee Concert of 
Chamber Music, Recital Hall 
MC409 
9 :00pm Entertainment at Cof-
fee Hut- band " Ralph" 
Saturday. Nov. 8 
8 :00pm Dolmetsch·Schoen-
feld Ensemble, Chamber Music 
quartet, Gym. $1 .75 
9:00pm Entertainment at Cof-
fee Hut--band "Ralph" 
Sunday, Nov. 9 
7 :30pm "Bodu Saved from 
Drouding" and "Faces in the 
Shadow •• USB2722 

the groups together with other 
trained leaders from within the 
university community. 

The groups. which will be 
held on campus are free and 
students who are interested in 
participating are asked to sign 
up as early as possible at the 
Office of Religiou s Affairs, in 
MC250. 

Encounter groups are rela-
tively unstructured opportunities 
which provide a climate of max-
imum freedom for personal ex-
pression and the e xploration of 
feelings. Emphasis is upon the 
interaction among the group 
members, in an atmosphere 
which encourages each to drop 
his defenses and facades and 
thus enables him to relate di-
rectly and openly to other mem-
bers of the group-

THIRD ANNUAL UCSD 

Near Beer ' 
Consumption 

Contest 
colftmtrela.U, marketed 

ued ill plate at "Iter 

.be.rslt1 and .... 

friday nig t helloween celebretion 

10 p.m. (coff .. hut) 


