
. 

o 
Z 

.. 

CO 
. 

-o 
> 

o 
C) 
Q) 
.-

C 
c: 
ca 
til 

.. 

ca 
.-

c: 
.. 
o 

'+-

ca 
(J 
'+-
o 
> 
... 
. -

en 
.. 
Q) 
> 
c: 
:l 

en 
U) 
en 
.-

.. 
Q) 
.c 
E 
Q) 
> o 
Z 

GUESS WHO'S 
COMING TO LUNCH? 

Seven Regents and UC President Charles Hitch 
will descend upon UCSD today in what is billed 
as the Annual Regents' Visit. 

Regents participating in the visit were appointed 
by the Chairman of the Regents and includes 
John Canaday, William Forbes, Robert Reynolds, 
Wendell Witter, W. Glenn Cambell, and DeWitt 
Higgs. 

Lieut.- Gov. Edward Reinecke was also scheduled 
to visit UCSD, but was already committed to several 
speaking engagements in Los Angeles. 

The practice of having a committe~ of Regents 
visit each campus during the year was instituted 
last spring. Formerly the regents had rotated 
theIr monthly meetings so that one was held at 
each campus over the course of a year. Last 
NovemlJer the Regents met at UCSD in the gym-
nasium. 

As a result of some student disorders that 
occurred at Regents' meetings last year, it was 
decided to hold all further meetings only in Los 
Angeles and San Francisco, usually at the Ex-
tension Centers there. However, the original idea 
of enabling the Regents to "get a feel' for each 
campus was continued by providing for "visitation 
committees" such as the one that will be on campus 
today. 

The Regents day will begin at 10 am with a 
reception for the news media on Matthews Campus • 
At 10:30 am the Regents will split into two groups, 
with one group discussing the plans for Third 
College and the other group discussing the Scripps 
Institute of Oceanography. 

At noon the Regents will break for lunch and 
each of the Regents will eat with groups of stu-
dents or faculty. Regents Forbes and Reynolds 
are scheduled to eat with students from Revelle 
College while Regent Cambell will eat with gra-
duate students. Regent Higgs will lunch with 
Muir students and Regents Witter and Canaday 
will eat wit fa~ulty members. 

Revelle College Dean Tom Hull has chosen six 
students from the 'Tor-Hall CoucH, three students 
from the Committee on Revelle College Govern-
ment, and three other students to meet with the 
Regents. 

Muir College Dean Alan Batchelder has chosen 
the five members of the Muir College Council and 
their alternates to meet with Regent Higgs. The"'" 
students include Roger Duncan, Andrew Harris, 
Jon COllins, Larry Raful, Don Bright, Ray Kurowski, 
Judi Burzell, Deb Smith, Ken Eason and Geoff 
Furman. 

Graduate Council Chairman Gerry Press has 
picked six graduate students to meet with Regent 

Cambell. These students are ' Chuck Reno, Art 
Jokela, Doug Davis, Chris Pasles, Granger Morgan 
and Gerry Press. 

Academic Senate Chairman Gabriel Jackson has 
chosen fourteen professors from the Senates's 
standing committees to meet with the Regents. 

At 1:30 pm the Regents will divide into two con-
ference groups again, with one group discussing 
the School of Medicine and the other group dis-
cussing the plans for Third College. Finally, 
at 3 pm, the Regents will meet in the Chancellors 
Office and conduct a general review of UCSD's 
operation. 

Charles J. Hitch was named Ptesident of the 
University in January, 1968. Prior to this appoint-
ment, he held a gover nment post of Assistent 
Secretary of Defense and Comptroller of the 
Defense Department, where he was responsible 
for revamping the Pentagon's administrative or-
ganization. 
John Canaday, a Los Angeles Aerospace executive, 

was appointed in 1958 to a 16-year term as Regent. 
He is a public relations counsel for Lockheed 
Aircraft Corporation. 

William Forbes is President of the SO:Jthern 
California Music Company. He has devoted 23 
years to advertising, specializing in radio and 
television. 

Robert Reynolds became the General Manager 
of KMPC and guided it into the top rank of radio 
stations in the country. He is a sports enthusiast, 
and is President of the Golden West Baseball 
Co., which he and others purchased in 1968. 

Dr. Wesley Campbell has been the Director of 
the Hoover Institution on War, Revolution and Peace 
at stanford University since 1961. He was born 
in Canada and is a naturalized U.S. citizen. 

De Witt Higgs, appointed Regent in 1966, was 
admitted to the California State Bar in 1963 after 
graduating from Balboa Law College. He is a 
Senior partner of the law firm of Higgs, Jennings, 
Fletcher, and Mack. 

:z: 

E 
• 

>-
• 

"'0 
• C 
• ~ 

"'" 
~ 
.c 
o 
..., 

Enigmatic Regents? William M. Roth An appointee of President Ken-nedy's as a special representa-
tive for trade negotiations with 
the common market, William Roth 
has been on the Board of Re-
gents since 1961. 

KSDT Re-Invades Airwaves 
KSDT 550 the UCSD- based AM radio station, will become 

fully operatio~l Monday after a seemingly successful crash 
effort to revitalize it. This was demonstrated last Monday by 
the statio:! managers to the UCSD Communicatio:ls Board, which 
also oversees all other forms of mass media on campus, which 

byTam .... 
EducatiJn Wriear 

(Editor's Note: "Understand-
ing the Regents" is a four-part 
series which will attempt to make 
the actions of the UC Board of 
Regents comprehensible. 

The description of each regent 
is superficial at best--all are 
complex individuals. However, 
even a superficial description will 
demonstrate that the board is not, 
as many may imagine, a homo-
geneous mass with a preconceived 
direction. 

Political labels are dangerous 
and should always be held as 
suspect, but for the purposes of 
simplicity, some will be used. 

.c 
... 
o 
a: 

~ 
E 
• 

~ 
o 
... 
... 

::I 
Q 

c:I 
.ali 
U 
.-... 

• ,. 
• ... 
... 

Frederick G. Dutton 
Fredrick Dutton vociferously 

holds down the chair at the left 
end of the Board of Regents. 
A veteran politician, Dutton was 
a close aid to both John and Ro-
bert Kennedy. 

students may best remember 
Dutton for his defense of a Ber-
keley student assaulted by a po-
lice officer during last year's 
Third World strike. In front 
of several hundred police, Dutton 
demanded the officer's badge 
number, and later reported the 
incident to the predominantly un-
sympathetic Board of Regents. 

Despite such occasional her-
oics, Dutton finds violent tactics 
unproductive. 

"It may make them feel good 
to engage in acts of violence 
and stridency, but if they would 
play on the hang-ups and guilts 
of the older generation, they'd 
have a hell of a lot more effect 
than some 0 f the nonsense that 
goes on now." 

As for the University's respon-
sibility as an institution to the 
students, Dutton suggests, "The 
University's obligations are to 
turn out informed, compassionate 
individuals for the larger 
society." 

One of the issues that Dutton 
has traditionally felt very 
strongly about is tuition. "With 
an educational surtax on just those 
parents with students in school, 
we're really shifting the tax bur-
den from property owners to peo-
ple, from the business commun-
ity to wage earners , from the 
general society which benefits to 
just this special group. 

Roth sees the Regents as a po-
licy board which should avoid 
involvmg itself in University op-
erations. 

"The Boord of Regents should 
consider policy as presented by 
the administration, criticize it, 
approve it, and approve the bud-
get that makes that policy via-
ble," 

Roth is critical of the "ex-
tremely disruptive behavior of 
some of the ex-officio re-
gents. They tend to take issues 
which would be basically Univer-
sity issues and polarize them into 
more political terms," 

(Continued on page 7 ) 

N 
... 

~ 
• 
~ 
o 
~ 

~ 

E 
• 

~ 
o 
E 

fI) 

~ 
o 
... 
... 

o 
Z 

• then voted unanamously to release the necessary ASUCSD funds 
($5,200) for this year's operating hudget. . 

Since form~j in 1965 with a $10,000 grant, the stahon has 
been able to operate only sporadically, and the quality of the 
programs had been something less than professio:l3.l. CO:lditions 
had reached such a state by last spring (with the to~l blowout 
of the station's ma~eshift main transmitter) that a total ces-
sation of funds was threatened unless the personnel, equipment, 
and management problems which had plagued the station in pre-
vio:is years were cleared up. 

Working through the summer, a small team installed (with 
professio:lal help) a brand new $1,800 transmitter, built a new 
production studio, and revamp9d their record and tape libr~ry. 
Disc jockeys were recruited and put through a training penod, 
culminating in a full-dress dry run held throughout this past 
week. 

An agreement was made with the Soundsville record stores 
such that the station would recieve all of the newest releases 
free, including those not yet distributed for public sale. Furth:r 
efforts enabled KSDT 550 to tie in with the Pacific Coast RadlO 
Network (PCRN), which will enable the station to receive and 
broadcast live events from throughout the state. 

It was also assured that the distracting hum which had haunted 
aU previous programming had been cleared up with the new elect-
rical system. KSDT d09S not broadcast through th e air as with 
com mercial stations, but rather the waves are piped directly 
into UCSD's electr ical system, making the whole thing act as one 
giant antenna. 

The advantages to his method are that it i cht>ap, ea c;y to 
maintain, circumvents many restrictive FCC (Fed ral Com 1 In-
ication Commission) rules which apply to commerc. al airwave 
stations, and that the receptioll when in proximity to the regular 
UCSD power grid compares favorably witt. UMil vi tII ~1 l F:.f 
stations. 

The big disadvantage is that reception is limited to the caml'u 
and the area immediately surrounding it. 

Discussions with the staff indicated that though Ihe station 
would eventually go FM, that event was far in the future. 

ReaUzing th t their major competition would be with FM tereo 
components, the staff propo es instead to offer pertinent current 
events and Issues not to found el wh re, no commE'rclals, 
and mingo 



eue on the media I bl I Joel Goodman 
MoratoriulJI and Military 

The Pentagon has warned al\ military personnel against partici-
pation in the moratorium next week. This action was prompted by 
a request by representative Bob Wllson (R-San Diego), a member 
of the House Armed Services Committee, after he learned that 
the New Mobilization Committee to End the War in Viet Nam had 
asked an active duty "honor guard" to stand by coffins lining 
the steps of the Capitol Building in Washington. 

Wilson was reassured by Brig. Gen. Benade (deJXIty assistant 
secretary of defense), who said that "military per sonnel will 
not be permitted to participate in or associate themselves with 
the so- called' march against death' or related activities in violation 
of law or established Department of Defense policies. " (San Diego 
Union) 
legalized Abor tion? 

A recent poll taken of doctors indicated that the majority of 
them favored legalized abortion. The poll was taken by the JXIblica-
tion Modern Medicine, and the question read: "Should abortion be 
available to any woman capable of giving legal consent upon her 
own request to a competent physician?" to which 63 per cent of 
27,000 doctors said yes. (San Diego Union) 

The abortion laws themselves are coming under Increased fire, 
with at I e a s t 10 major cases now before the nation's courts. 
The legal lid was blown pff anti-abortion statutes last September 
when the California SUpreme Court ruled the California abortion 
law unconstitutional. 

The defense in most of the court cases claims that the laws are 
in violation of the First Amendment, on the grounds that "it es-
tablishes a religious position, particularly the Rom a n Catholic 
Church's position, against allowing abortion ... to the exclusion of 
the position of the other religions. . .nonrellgious groups, and 
persons." (Christian Science Monitor) 
Disrespect for the l aw 

The National Commission on the Causes and Prevention of 
Violence said last week that brutality, Indifference and hostility 
of police, courts and prisons are breeding disrespect for the law 
and undermining crime-fighting efforts. 

The commission recommended massive reforms, which would 
include a National Criminal Justice Center to help private-citizen 
grievance groups work with officials on reforms, and an office 
of criminal justice in every city. The courts too often favor land-
lords and merchants against complaining tenants and customers. 
according to the findings of the commission. 

The commission also aroused an Orwellian vision by urging that 
future Presidential JXIblic appearances and campaigns be curtailed 
sharply due to the increase in pol itical violence. rt maintained that 
television is best suited "as a forum for serious consideration of 
modern complex issues." (Los Angeles Times) 
Dow Declines Debate 

The University of Pennsylvania made a ruling last month that 
companies planning to recruit on campus must debate with its 
critics if 300 students sign a petition to the effect. According to 
Penn officials more than 500 students signed a petition asking a 
Dow representative who was supposed to recruit on campus to 
discuss the issue of "war complicity." The Dow Chemical Co. 
announced last week that it will not recruit on the Philadelphia 
campus after all. (L.A. Times) 
Mexico and Marijuana 

After three days of closed-door meetings between the United states 
and Mexico, Mexico has announced that it needs no outside help in 
fighting the production and distribution of marijuana, The joint 
communique (no pun intended) Issued by both countries indicates 
that efforts to intensify the fight against illegal trafficking In drugs 
"will be carried out exclusively by Mexican personnel under 
Mexican orders," thus rejecting a U.S. offer of technical and 
material assistance to combat the spread of weed. (L. A. Times) 
Delay in Draft lottery 

The House overwhelmingly passed Nixon's draft lottery plan, but 
Senate Majority Leader Mike Mansfield announced that the Senate 
would not take the bill up this year. Mansfield said his reason was that 
too many senators, particularly Kennedy, wanted to tack on amend-
ments to achieve more extensive draft reform. The administration 
wants to delay a thorough overhaul until a special presidential com-
mission reports next year on the possibility of an all-volunteer 
army. (L. A. Times) 
Revisions of Education 

Major changes are needed In the organization and governing of 
California's syst 1m of higher education of it is to respond to the 
demands being p' aced on it, a state legislative committee was told 
last week . The testimony came during a day-long, fact-finding 
session of the JUnt Comm ittee on Higher Education, and witnesses 
urged revisions ranging from abolishment of the UC Regents and 
state college tn stees to creation of a new kind of institution in-
between colleges illcl uninr:;itiC:. fL .. a .. Tirnps) 
The Conspi racy Weapon 

The Nov. 6 isme of the New York Review of Books features an 
analysis of the' 'crime" of conspiracy that Is used for prosecution 
of so many deTPonstrator s these days. The content! on Is that the 
charge of conspi r acy Is "the shabbiest weapon in the prosecutor's 
arsenal ," because no proof that anything lllegal happened is re-
quired. The article is written in reference to Jessica Milford's 
"The Trial of Dr. Spack," but Is extremely apropos to the trial 
of the Chicago Eight. 

Paul Speaks Out 
This week's Life has a cover story on Paul McCartney, with a 

statement by Paul saying he is tired of publicity and just wants to 
be left alone for a while with his family. He tries to discredit many 
clues which point to hi s death . For example: He wore a black rose 
on the Magical Mystery Tou r album because they ran out of red ones. 

Plge 2 triton times Nov. 7,1 969 

Draft Changes Likely by Early '70 
WASHING T ON - (CPS) - As 

prospects diminish that both leg-
Islative houses w1l1 pass the ad-
ministration' s lottery draft pro-
posal by the end of this year, 
chances increase that President 
Nixon will enact by executive 
order a "conveyor belt" sys-
tem of Induction in early 1970. 

Under this form of conscrip-
tion, 19- year -olds would be made 
the "pri m e age group" for draft 
calls with their liability to the 
draft lim i ted to one year. Age 
would determine the order of 
induction. A person whose 19th 
birthday fell d uri n g January 
would be called up before a per-
son with a February birthday. 

Since it discriminates against 
those with birthdays early in the 
year (persons born In October, 
November or December might 
never be subjected to the draft), 
the conveyor belt would be less 
equitable than a lottery, under 
which one of the year's 365 days 
would be picked at random and 
all 19-year-olds born on that 
date made draftable . 

Both approaches to procuring 
military manpower would reduce 
a person's draft vulnerability 
from seven years to one, mak-
ing him draft-free at age 20. 
Both would defer college stu-
dents, placing them in the pool 
of draf!ables for one year after 
graduation, and both would defer 
graduate students until they hav e 
completed the fu ll academic year. 

But the lottery, unlike the con-
veyor belt, can't be established 
without congressional approval. 

Wanted: student for driver to 
deliver car from Dl!nver to 
La Jolla , at Thanksgiving. 

References. 
459-2181 Mrs. Anderson 
........... " " " ... 

SKI SWEATERS 
Impo:-ted sahc;rna:1 's samples 
at cost. Men's & Wome.1's, 
all sizes. 274- 3619 

SANDWICHES & PIZZA 
DIME NIGHT (1 KEG) 
EVERY THURSDAY BPM 

to Repeal the Draft, Reps. Shir-
ley Chisholm, Edward Koch and 
Leonard Farbstein, all New York 
Democrats, criticized the lottery 
proposal as too minor a reform. 
They called for total abolltlon 
of military conscrintion. 

W h i 1 e many are optimistic 
about the lottery's chances for 
approval by the House, it Is al-
most certain the Senate will post-
pone act i on. Senator Stennis 
hoids the key. lt Is hi s com-
mittee on armed services which 
must decide whether to send 
the bill to the Senate floor. 

stennis reportedly has taken 
the poSition that he will bring 
up the lottery proposal in com-
mittee this year only If he has 
assurances that no amendments 
will be offered once it is on 
the 1100r . 

ALI BABA 

FREAKS OUT AT 

SYNTHETIC 
TRIPS 

ELECTRO· 
PSYCHEDELIC ART 

BLACK LIGHT SUPPLIES 
POsTERS 

SILK SCREEN SERVICE 

4734 l1ninnitr An. 
San Diego. Ca. 92105 

282·1" 5 

State of the art is where we start ... 
you take it from there. 

Because systems are our only product, futures are our stock·in-trade. The jobs 
we like are not cut-and-dried problems with textbook solutions within easy reach, 
but jobs with a tough creative challenge . And they're coming to. us in increaSing 
numbers .. . long-pull civilian and military contracts for the deSign. development 
and integration of complex systems. Like the Navy's Poseidon. the Coast Guard's 
National Data Buoy System, automated traffic controls for major cities, to' name 
only a few. 

If you share our love of challenge, you think our way, and you're quick to 
put good ideas into action ... which means that right about now you should be 
heading for your placement office to sign up for an on-campus interview. 

SYSTEM ANALYSIS and DESIGN ENGINEERS 
PROGRAMMERS FIELD ENGINEERS 
PUBLICATIONS ENGINEERS and EDITORS 

B.S., M.S., Ph.D .• or E.E. in Engineering. Science, Math, Physics, or Computer Technology 

Become a part of a professional staff that regards continuing education as the 
essence of success. You'll have access to the many graduate schools in our area; 
you'll participate in our over fifty in -house graduate-level courses; you'll enjoy 
sailing, fishing and swimming on suburban Long Island ; Bnd you'll delight in the 
exciting entertainm ent world of nearby Metropolitan New York. We are an equa l 
opportunity employer. 

INTERVIEWS ON CAMPUS 
NoVtlmber 15 

AS S.n.'. N.,.. 
'Expenses, Courses, 
Directory Get Notice 

by Roger Shawley 
News Editor 

students often wonder where the AS Senate lurks behind its 
$70,000 budget. What happens to the $6. fee undergraduates shell 
out every quarter? This week the Triton Times publishes the results 
of two months' expenditures to let AS members know where their 
non-negotiable tax has gone. 

The AS deals with other Issues besides the obvious ones of en-
tertainment and the lecture circuit, Jim Miner, a senior at Muir, 
reported on the latest developments in the Center for Participatory 
Education at the meeting Monday. This standing committee of the 
AS was born amidst the controversy a year ago over the appearance 
of Eldridge Cleaver at a student-organized class at Berkeley. The 
Regents reduced the impact of Cleaver'S Involvement In the course 
on social issues by limiting the number of lectures given by visiting 
personnel. Miner helped organized a simllar organization at UCSD 
to let students initiate their own courses, without waiting for the 
Academic Senate to approve them in the usual, rigid manner. 

LEADERS PLAN TOWN 
MARCH FOR' NOV.15TH 

So far, he said, CPE concentrates on helping students set up 
199 courses, which all ow work to be done on an independent-study 
basis. " We operate on pretty much of an ad-hoc basis," he ex-
plained. "When students come to us with ideas, we try to tell them 
who to see in the faculty." The current projects organized by 
CPE Include a special section In the Revelle Humanities sequence. 
Miner characterized it as the "most radical" class yet attempted 
at UCSD, in terms of techniques and approaches used in class. 

by Plul Emus 
Assoc. New s Editor 

Leafleting; a march through 
downtown San Diego; and an eve-
ning candle-light poem reading 
and folk singing, at the La Jolla 
Cove, are the main events for 
next week's Viet Nam morator-
ium, Nov. 14-15. 

Beginning this week-end, leaf-
leting of the community Is 
planned on a daily basis starting 
from the moratorium table in 
the Revelle Plaza. 

CPE, explained Miner, who was an AS Senator two years ago and 
now represents the AS at Academic Senate meetings, is run by 
four directors, who coordinate projects on an informal basis. 
Barry Wayne, a director who approached the Senate a week ago to 
ask for a new kind of CPE, now heads a subcommittee of CPE in 
charge of "projects and experimental education." This group aims 
to assist Muir College juniors and seniors who have opted for 
"special project" majors in lieu 01 deparmental course work. 

A Friday morning teach-in will 
initiate the Nov. 14 moratorium. 
in La Jolla that evening at about 
7 p.m., participants will gather 
at their church or a convenient 
downtown La Jolla location for 
a candle-light march to the Cove 
Park for a poem reading and folk 
singing, starting at 7 :30 p.m. 

"EFFETE SN,OBS ... " That's what Vice President Agnew called 
organizers of the anti-war mobilizations, like the students above 

The Student Directory, listing all graduates and undergraduates 
with their addresses and telephone numbers, ought to appear within 
two weeks, Senator Jim Magill (upper division) told the AS. The 
soft-bound book wlll be free to all, in contrast to past years when it 
was sold for 50~ by dormitory sponsors and the AS. Lenny Bourin, 
Muir senator, stressed that the ASoughttoprovide as many services 
as possible without charge to members. 

A second service wlll attract students going to the Rolling Stones 
concert Monday night ; the Senate agreed to organize the chartering 
of a bus to the event at the San Diego International Sports Arena. 
The bus must be filled, President Jeff Benjamin warned, for the 
AS to agree to sponsor the transportation. Sign-up sheets are 
available in the student Activities Office, Bldg. 250 MC. 

Financial statement as of October 31, 1969 -

First quarter income from membership fees 
ASUCSD Administration 

Office Expenses 
Equipment/FacUlties 
Maintenance Contracts 
Special Allocations 

Bus Tokens 
Experimental Theatre 

Payroll Benefits 
President's Discretionary 

ASUCSD Allocations 
Communications Board 
Program Board 

Coffee Hut Committee 
Film Comm ittee 
Recreation Committee 
Social Events & Dance Committee 
Performing Arts Conce"t Committee 

Totals 
Balance 

Income Expense 
$21,372.00 

345.92 

$ 122.85 
753,27 
100.80 

500,00 
530.00 
504.72 
262.04 

4333,33 
6666,66 
367.99 
433.15 

762.15 
475.00 1,880.84 

$22,192.92 $10,880.84 . 
$11,641.78 

Also, that evening at9:30 there 
will be a documentary film in 
the cafeteria on "Inside North 
Viet Nam," by Felix Greene. 

A police permit was obtained 
for a march starting Saturday 
noon from Newton Park and cul-
minating with a rally at Balboa 
Park at 3 p.m. The march was 
organized by the San Diego Citi-
zens Mobilization Committee. In-
dications are that the SDS will 
march under a separate banner, 
because they don't support the 
moratorium on the basis of its 
national policy. 

S~ F. March. 
San Francisco will be the focal 

point of dissent for the West 
Coast, with a mass march be-
ginning Saturday morning at 7:30 
at the Embarcadero, and ending 
with a rally In Golden Gate Park 
with an expected crowd of 
250,000. Dr. Ralph Abernathy. 
head of the Southern Christian 
Leadership Conference; Wayne 
Morse, chairman of the Senate 
Foreign Relations committee; 
Rennie Davis, one of the "Chi -
cago Eight" being tried for con-
spiracy at the 1968 Democratic 
Convention; and David Hilliard 
of the Black Panthers are ex-
pected to s pea k. Phil 0 c h s, 
"H air" Production Company, 

SKIERSI MAKE RESERVATIONS EARLY • FOR UNION PACIFIC'S BRAND NEW 

Aileen Brown, Mimi Farina, and 
maybe Arlo Guthrie and Judy 
Collins are scheduled to perform. 
Information on transportation and 
'housing can be obtained from 
the City Mobilization Committee, 
by Inquiring at the Revelle Plaza, 
or phoning 453- 1955. Some cam-
puses, such as UC Santa Barbara, 
are planning large caravans to 
San Francisco on Friday after-
noon. 

Nixon's Speech 
Leaders of antiwar groups have 

reacted to Nixon's Viet Nam 
speech Monday night with dis-
appointment and said It would 
only serve to increase the pro~ 
tests. 

Terry Hardy, chairman of the 
Southern California SMC, said 
the speech "Is just going to in-
crease our number. It's defi-
nitely going to help the mora-
torium." 

A "M arc h Against Death" 
committee, co- sponsoring the 
Nov. 15 demonstration In Wash-
ington, call ed the speech "an 
Insult to the intelligence of the 
American people." 

Sam Brown, Moratorium Com-
mittee coordinator, said that if 
the United states fail s to admit 

. it is mistaken and pull out its 
troops, the only alternative "is 
to pile death upon death in vain 
pursuit of face-saving and false 
pride." 

PARK CITY • PARK CITY WEST • ALTA • BRIGHTON $10800 A:'SKI UTAH BARGAIN PACKAGES"! as low as 
including - 7 days of great skiing - 6 nights lodging -lift passes, etc. 

(Lessons optiona l) 
Round trip by Domeliner in reserved seat Coaches 
(Domeliner sleeping car accommodations also available ) 

PARK CITY PACKAGE 
• 6 nights lodging in fascinat ing historic Pork City. 
• 5 day lift pass Park City • 2 day l ift pass Park City WEST 

BIG-4 ARE A PACKAGE 
• 6 nights lodging in Salt Lake Ci ty With dolly transportation 

to four famed ski areas. 
· 7 day 61g·4 area ski pass far Park City. Park City WEST. 

Alta and Brighton slopes . 

15 departures : Every Saturday Dec. 20 Ihru Iv'Ior. 28. 
Leave Los Angeles 12 :45 PM Noon 
Arr ive Sail Lake City 6 :35 AM Sunday for a full day of skiing. 
Arrive Los Angeles 1 :00 PM the following Sunday. 

M akp. reserva t ions early . Call your TI avel Agent or Unoon Pa Ci fiC office NOW for brochure 

Public Opinion 
Following President Nixon 's 

Viet Nam s pee c h, the latest 
Gallup poll reported that eight In 
every ten (77 per cent) expressed 
satisfaction with Mr. Nixon ' s 
program for troop withdrawal, 
13 per cent expressed dissatis-
faction, while another 10 per 
cent are undecided. Bya six- to-
one ratio, p e 0 pIe agree with 
President Nixon that morator-
Iums and public demonstrations 
are harmful to the attainment 
of peace In Viet Nam, but most 
also share Ixon's belief that 
peepl e in this country have a 
right to make their voices heard. 
Criticism 

Vice-President SpiroT. Agnew 
has been continuing his harsh 
criticism of anti-war demonstra-
tors by saying that they should 
be cut off from society "with 
no more regret than we should 
feel over discarding rotten 
apples from a bar reI." Last 
week Agnew denounced politi-
cians who support anti-war dem-
onstrators as "ideological 
eunuchs" (castrated males). 

"It is time to stop dignifying 
the immature actions of arro-
gant, r e c k I e s s, inexperienced 
elements within our society," he 
said. "The reason iscompelling. 
It is simply that their tant rums 
are insidiously destroying the 
fabric of American life." 



To Each 'His Own 
"Each college is to have an individual character of its own." 

--Long Range Develupment Plan, 1963 

After six years of planning and proJecting, hoping and dreaming, 
the college system is coming of age. Both Revelle and Muir Colleges 
have succeeded in electing a government of their own to join the 
campus-wide institutions of the Associated students and Academic 

Sen~.te. What do these developments, in fact, mean in practice? 
From the student point of view, the AS stm controls the student 

fee of $6. paid each quarter (with $6. scheduled for the student 
center next quarter), and works from an imperfectly-defined repre-
sentative system of republican rule. 

From the coli e g e point of view, the newly-elected Revelle 
Committee and Muir Council must begin from-a shaky mandate from 
the voters . In effect, they are beginning in a vacuum of apathy. 

From the faculty view, neither college organ is very meaningful: 
the departments continue to reign supreme over course work and 
professorships. Whatever is "decided" at the college level will 
have to be rehashed by the Academic Senate and campus departments. 

Indeed, our college system, begun with the reminder of the tragedy 
of impersonalization at Berkeley in 1964, is mired in a sea of neglect. 
While the campus has been growing at a rate of 800-1200 students 
per year, the plans for incorporating the new bodies have been 
reduced to pleasing phrases in the annual catalog. 

Instead of dynamiC, imaginative college governments, UCSD has 
built up a distaste for decentralizing. The AS, collecring some 
$70,000 this year in student, fees, still is the overpowering student 
arm on campus. But this dominance at the campus level has continued 
without corresponding concern for developing active organization at 
the college level. The events go on, the Senate goes on, but the spirit 
of initiative lies somewhere in the scratched-in Signatures of excited 
undergraduates in Revell e Plaza cement. 

Similarly, the academic community has withdrawn to its traditional 
role of professional expertise, without promoting a meaningful 
interest in inspiring the individual. It is unfortunate to admit that 
the faculty is gradually transforming UCSD into a monolithic 
institution . 

This change is seen chiefly in the continuance of departmental 
power on a campus-wide level. As far as the chairmen are concerned, 
the colleges might as well be the names for geographical areas on 
campus. Revelle College might as well be Matthews Campus. 

If indeed UCSD is to evolve a dynamic college system, these two 
powerful campus-wide organizations must begin to reduce their 
domination over the initiative and potential at the local level. The 
AS should allocate funds to the colleges ona trial basis to encourage 
experimentation with entertainment and lecture series. The depart-
ments should divide their faculty, however reluctantly, among the 
colleges and let them pursue activities directly keyed to the personal 
philosophy of each college. 

From now on, the governing adjectives for the AS and faculty should 
be intercollege, interdepartmental. Diversity can foster individual 
talent. The plan of 1963 specifies this goal, hoping that" in general, 
each student and faculty member finds himself in the spot in which he 
wants to be." --Roger Showley News Editor 

Halpern Corrects Record 
on Vietnam Discussion 
Dear Sir: ctio:ts ill San Mario:t indisputably 

In the Octooer 31 issue of the held under standard demo:ratic 
Trito:! Times a repo:t of the dis- procedures and wo:! by the Com-
cussioJ about Vietnam ..€tween mlLlists. The example hardly 
Pro!essor Generales and my:;elf qualifies as being of great tmpor-
appears. The reporter states tance. Our government took it 
parenthetically that I was wrong sufficiently seriously to repeal 
in stating that the Bolsheviks won . a law prohibiting United states ' 
an election in Ru~sia. I want citizens from vo~ing in foreign 
to make the three follo'l{ingpoints elections . 
in what I feel is th e order o! With United States citizens of 
their importance. San Marino eKtradion regularly 

1. The stateme.1t "the Com- returning to San Marino to vote, 
mll1ists have never WO.l an ele- the Co:nmlJ1ist government has 
etion" is an essential part of been deposed. San Marino per-
the cold war mythology and al- mits its emmigrants to vote. The 
tholJgh it is generally true that Communist gove rnment of San 
the Comm:I'1ists have not won Marino surrendered Lts control 
e!ections, they have won some. of the country in the best tra-
On the o~her ha:td, very few ditio:ts of parliamentary de-
if any of the countries in which mo:racy giving the lie to anot-
the Com"'1 lDists are the ruling her cold war 'fact': Commlln-
party have ever had elections , ists can only be gotten rid of 
e.g. China, Youg" , lavia, Russia by violent means. 
or HUlgary. T!1us the statement More serious is the probable 
of the failure of .he co:nmllnists connivance of the United states 
to win elections ~ven to the ex- in the suppression of the 1956 
tent that it is :rue Is almost elections in Vietnam that the 
devoid of signific:.:Jce. CO'Tlmunists appeared likely to 

Further succe~s In an election wm, auJ the prob:l hl~ involvemp.ilt 
is no~ the o:lly rr ethor! by which of the CIA in the overthrow of 
a gO'{e rnmeot m;,y establish Its leftist but legitam:ltely elected 
legitimacy. Rerlember the o:-i- governments in Brazil, Guatamal 
gin or OUT o',vo cO:lOtry. The and the Dominican Republic. 
Commtllists migtt argue with the 3. Finally I was correct in 
same type o~ logic tha~ no de- stating that the Bolsheviks won 
mOGrar: y ~s eVlJr been a~le to a ma.jority in the second All-
even spo:lSor a "peo,les war of R'Jssian Congress of Soviets. I 
liberatioJ, II much less win OJe. was only asked to give an exam-

2. The fixation "the COmm1l1- pie of an election that the Com-
ists have never wo;! an election" mUJists had won. It was not 
has driven the UnLted s>.ates the only election held in Russia 
government and Its s'Jpporte r s in at that tlme. One may argue 
the cold war to somE- rathe r bi- w!1ether this election was a more 
zarre posit1ons in attempts or less legitimate election than 
to 'Tlake the claim '.rue:. I might the election to the Constituent 
have callod atte ' 101 to the ele- Assembly held at about the same 
Pigi 4 triton times Nov . 1. 1989 

((We Arnencahs are a do-it-yOCJr-self-people. 
• c • we like. to do it ourselves.)) 

SENATOR MAKES PLEA 
I was asked by an administrator a few weeks 

ago what was happening at Revelle. The fact 
is we haven't had much trouble of any kind this 
quarter and he wanted to know whether anything 
was brewing. As one of the Revelle college 
senators-at-large I usually now what is hap-
pening but I honestly had to admit that I wasn't 
quite sure what was transpiring at Revelle. 

At the beginning of the quarter I visited many 
of the resident students and asked them if they 
had any complaints or suggestions. I received 
a few, but was quite overcome by ' a feeling of 
general contentment. Now, after six weeks of 
school and not many more complaints, I begin 
to wonder if this contentment is not contentment 
at all but acquiescence. 

The pressures of classes are immediately evi-
dent during this period of midterms. The rea-
lization that finals are but fOUL weeks away tends 
to make people think twice before taking any 
drastic actions. However, if you have a valid 
complaint it is necessary that you convey that 
complaint to someone who might be able to alle-
viate the problem. 

Communication is in itself a problem hut if 
communication can be established between the 
factions involved in any connict, the resolution 
of the problem i:>ecomes much simpler. In re-
cent weeks this lack of communicaion has been 
extremely evident to me. It has manifested it-
self in the adm inistrator's question, "What is 
happening at Revelle?", in John Lapitina's com-
plaint of not receiving any constructive feed-
back from the students, and in the lack of com-
munication of complaints or suggestions to me as 
••••••••••••••••• 
time that the Bolsheviks lost. 
In which election did more peo-

your senator. The Associated students as well 
as the respective college governments are your 
lines of communications. 

The AS doesn't mean just dances and social 
activities. Certainly we coordinate the campus-
wide functions, but AS is more. Only $6 of 
your $18 a year goes to social events. The AS 
is actively engaged in expanding university-com-
mU.lity relations vla the Public Relations Program 
Committee termed by its chairman, Bob Munk, 
the Community Interaction Committee. 

The AS sponsors all the communication media 
on Campus. It is involved in most of the aca-
demic and administrative committees, giving the 
students a voice in parking permit costs, campus 
planning and development, academic standards, 
contracts concerning auxiliary enterprises (e.g. 
bookstore, food service, vending machines), the 
planning of the student cluster center, and the 
campus' cultural activities, 

No, the AS is far from being just a social 
coordinating committee; it is the students' instru-
ment for the improvement of the university. If 
you're content, then continue to study, but if you 
are vegatating and have a complaint or sugges-
tion to improve your situation here then lake 
a minute to convey your complaints or sugges-
tions to one of us who has been delegated the 
responsibility to represent you. Once again I 
say to you, lf you want a better university, com-
municate your complaints. 

Bruce Morden 
Revelle Senator-at-large 
P.O. Box 4606, Argo 321 
453-1068 

ple vote, in which election were 
the issues more clearly drawn, 
in which election were the voters 
more free to make their choice, 
in which election was the count-
ing more honest, etc.? 

EOITOR.IN-CtnEF 
st. .. Landau triton tbnes 

I do not know the answer to 
these questions but again in line 
with cold war paranoia it is hard 
to get much information about 
the election that the Bolsheviks 
won. 

In conclusion the argu ment that 
the Communists are bad, wrong, 
and evil because they have never 
won an election is !actuallyfalse, 
largely irrelevant, and hides 
many ugly political skeletons in 
varIous closets. It is not a 
telling argument about who 
Is right aT "'ho is wrong in 
the co ld v DUt a convenient 
propaganda Slvgan. U one wants 
to understand the problems that 
we face, one must learn more 
than the s logans. 

Francis R. Halpern 

NEWS EDITOR 
Roger Showier 

MANAGING EDITOR 
lI&y Stavers 

ASSOC. NEWS EDITOR 
Paul Emus 

COpy EDITOR 
Ha,.,.,..s Cemmon 

FEATURE EDITOR 
Tom Ba.ker 

ARTS EDITOR 
Bill AlaOIlu 

SPORTS EDITOR 
Bob Gorb, 

ASSOC. CO PY EDITOR 
COOck GniJIm 

PH()T(Y'..RAPHY EDITOR 
Bruc. V .. Brooklin 

AOVER'mING lIANAGER 
Da.. lie 1111ld 

EDUCATION WRITER 
T.m~d 
SCIENCE Wltll 'R 
SIo •• lI""or 
RESEARCH DIRECTOR 
J .. I Goodman 

Tho TRITON TIllES U 01llc11ll, _Iud and iupported 
u a stoo.ut newspaper by lhe Communicallona Board of' 
1110 U_lvorsU, of Ca.liloTna. San Die",. BulJdlnc 250 101>1. 
lhow. Clm""s. Lo Jolla. Callfor.a iZ037. In takIa( tdltorlal 
positions, Ille TRITON TIMES Is not repreHM!ni lhe viI •• 
Of tho UnI .. rsMy. lho Ddt .. IOvernment. or lhe stude ... 
bod, ... O'llole. Official TRITON TIMES edUorlll opinion 
I. IxpresllOd 0_1, In 100.. oolumNl OIl 1110 editorial 1ll&O 
. pecll1cally 11 .. 1(11&10<1 'or 1110 .. 1"'".,.... Tho TRITON 
TIMES publlJlhe .... llI , 011 Friday. throop Doc,mhor 2, 
1969. Address all corrtsponlenee 10 : TRITON TIMES. 
P.O. Box 109 La Jolla 02037. PIIone 453·2000. XIOI7. 

WRITING STAFF 
CII, Andorson 
Frl.Dlt Brown 
Steve Ca.rpeater 
RAoul Coolruu 
&Ie HaIIo. 
Rich H.lmUch 
BarbAra J ...... , 
Kathy J.n ... . 
Portia LoToucho 
Jim 1oIa,"1 
Bob Schwarl1 
Lynne YuboroUCII 

ARTS WRITERS 
Pau 1 ""moo, 
Larry JoIIn .. n 
Dana RlIolo 
SPORTS WRITERS 
FAd GNlOwaid 
Lorr, Ralul C~rI< __ 

PHOTOGRAPHERS 
I4ark Trlllllll 
Dav. WaUac:e 
Clark Wlbon 

TECHNICAL CREW 
Kim Alexander 
a.lh Lyons 

ARTISTS 
Jim Dyke 
Schorn. Worbo,. 
Rob Collen 

SCIENCE IS MC SQUARED. 
B\' RICH HEIMLICH 

Staff Writer 

During the years 1976-79, the planets in our 
solar system will be in such a configuration as 
to enable man to take a "grand tour" of his 
neighboring planets. With current Apollo hardware 
man could swing past Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and 
Neptune, using the gravitational pull of those planets 
to lake him from one planet to another, on a Jour-
Dey lasting twelve years. 

By the year 2000, man could rid himself of the 
world's nuclear stockpiles, and at the same time 
send a gigantic space ship to the farthest reaches 
of space. Thirty million nuclear bombs would be 
exactingly exploded to propel the craft, which 
would now cost one gross annual national product, 
but which will cost considerably less by the year 
2000. . 

These ideas are well within the present realm 
of science, rather than science fiction . UCSD Phy-
sics Professor Saul Penner noted, during a Uni-
versity Extension conference on technology last 
Saturday, that "science fiction is anything expli-
citly forbidden by physical law. Science is anything 
except that explicitly forbidden by physical law." 

"Science is 'mlf'," UCSD biology professor Paul 
Saltman said at the conference. "Technology Is the 
nuclear reactor or the bomb." Technology, "the 
application of science, has amplified man's powers. 
His finger is able to bring about a nuclear holo-
caust with the push of a button . He has invented an 
automobile to choke our cities. 

"Every fIve years we are going through a 
technological phase equal to the time between 
the Civil War and World War I," Dr. Penner 
explained. "We have passed through the Model T 
nuclear age and are well into the Model A period," 

The scientist to many is "a funny old man in a 
sweatshirt who doesn't have many friends," Dr. 
Saltman said, referring to Einstein. "Or he Is 
cast as the Jerry Lewis mad-professor type, 
Dr. Science Evil ." 

The" scientist priest is listened to by the peopl e' , 
while they don't listen to "the doctor science nut." 
SUch misconceptions are conceived "with bumper-
sticker knowledge." 

The proper setting of science is in "a democracy 
concerned about human values and sc!entificknow-
ledge. The democratic process will die unless the 
people are knowledgeable about science and human 
values." 

Today's knowledge must be used "gently and 
carefully," for we "face the dilemma of Dr. 
Jekyll and Mr . Hyde." The rationality and the 
ir rationality of men must be resolved by "an 
understanding of ourselves." 

Dr. Penner acknowledged that "science and 
technology can be for good or eviJ." But even 
"a heavy book of poetry dropped on someone's 
head becomes a lethal weapon. We must judge." 

UCSD economics professor Bill Travis stated 
that such judgment is evidenced by the fact that 
"technological advances are sometimes halted if 
such innovations are not good economically" for 
the society. "Technological change is dependent 
upon economics." 

Twentieth-century man, as the master of his 
tatt, must take on the added responsibilities of 
his new role, Dr. Saltman suggested. "The hu-
manist medical researcher who puts iron in 
people and allows them to live longer must face 
the global consequences of his action." Dr. Tra-
vis noted, "the U.S. uses more artificial additives 
than any other nation and we are among the 
healthiest." 

"In 1890," UCSD sociology professor Joe Gus-
field stated, "the husband or wife usually died 
before their youngest child was married. Today 
the parents can expect 25 years of life after 
their youngest child is married. This lengthening 
of life means more older people. The population 
explosion then is one of decreased death rates 
rather than increased birth rates . 

"War is the greatest catalyst for technological 
advances. The medical knowledge learned in World 
War If has since saved more people than those 
who died in the war." 

Dr. Penner noted that "there will be seven 
b!l1ion people on the earth by the year 2000 . 
The problem wlll not be the numbers or the 
food supply, but rather food distribution . We in 
America pay farmers not to cultivate their lands." 

Man can teach a computer to teach man, Dr. 
Donald Norman of the UCSD Psychology Depart-
ment suggested. II It w!ll be possible to dial 
knowledge via computer most anywhere. Tele-
phone lines reach most homes as could a com-
puter network. Global communication is already 
possible via satellite. An education that should 
be continuous for everyone would then be possible." 

Prof. Gusfield cautioned that" technological 
solutions to social problems are not always pos-
sible. Social issues cannot be reduced to tech-
nical engineering." 

"U, for instance, UCSD were given $20 million 
to rid the skin of certain pigments so everyone 
would be one color, what color should that be?" 

Though "technology may get you to Paris three 
hours faster, what you will do when you get there 
remains unanswered." 

In . Search of the Bug-Eyed 

by Stne Stryker 
Science Writer 

In an Interview with Dr . stan-
ley Mtller it was revealed that 
a soil analyzer is being built 
which cou Id, in effect, I ead to 
concrete evidence as to the ex-
istence of life on Mars. Dr. 
Miller is a professor of bio-
chemistry who gained interna-
tional fame when, in 1953, he 
produced amino acids syntheti-
cally by shooting a spark through 
an atmosphere believed to re-
semble the atmosphere on earth 
long before the advent of life. 

Miller is currently. working 
along with Dr. Rodney Burton 
of the AMES Department in con-
structing an answer to auto-
mobile pollutlon--the steam car. 
However, of g rea t est interest 
here I s the project he Is cur-
rently involved in with Fred Ca-
stillo, another member of the 

cnemlstry <1epartment. 
The research involves the con-

struction of a miniatur e chemi-
cal laboratory designed to de-
tect the presence or absence 
of amino acids in the Martian 
soil. OVer the last three years, 
the primary goal assigned to 
them by NASA was to build a 
chemical analyzer weighing se-
ven pounds and occupying no 
more than one-third of a cubic 
foot of space of the same ac-
curacy and efficiency as the cur-
rent machine, which weighs 1,000 
pounds and occupies Ion cubic 
feet of space. 

The components of this d -
vice were micro-miniaturized in 
the chern Istry laboratories at 
UCSD, with the result that the 
small analyzer is 100 times more 
sensitive than its larger counter-
part. 

The basic operation of the 
analyzer is to detect the basic 
"building blocks" of life (as 

we know it on earth) in the 
Martian soil. These include am-
ino acids which are the bases 
of proteins, and purines and py-
rimidines which in turn are the 
bases of nucleic acids. It an~. 
of these substances are found 
in the Martian soil, then there 
certainly is a strong possibility 
that life exists there. The way 
In which the detection w!l1 work 
is the following: once the craft 
has landed, a tiny scoop will 
grab a sample of soli trom the 
surface and dump it into a cham-
ber on the analyzer. There the 
soil will "cook" in the tiny 
heated chamber for ten hours 
be for e being hydrolyzed, dp.-
salted, and put through other 
tests. Results of these analyses 
will then be automaticall y radioed 
back to earth. 

Miller further explained t hat 
the Mars analyzer might later 
be modified for use in hospitals, 
and for research in the fields 
of oceanography and agriculture, 
since its compactness and light-
weigtlt w 0 u 1 d make it hi g h I Y 
adaptable to field work. 

Finally, when asked about the 
possibilities of sending men to 
Mars, Dr. Miller responded by 
by saying that, considering the 
lack of technological development 
of the life support systems need-
ed to sustain the space travelers 
during their 544-day round-trip 
journey, as well as the shortage 
of funds, he felt that the most 
feasible course would be to con-
tinue the cur rent NASA program, 
which projects a series of un-
manned probes which would be 
soft-landed on the red plan t 
ginning in 1973. 

r:HEAP USED BOOlt 
"'" in Mission Beach ""'"' 

REED'S BOOKSTORE 
3785 Ocean Front Walk 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONOIS 
for selYice 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

- 8328 

~ 
BEAUTY STORES 

UNIVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOPPING CENTER 
3979 GOVERNOR DR. 
453-0261 

DIANE SHOPPING CENTER 
4702 CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD. 
272-3242 

- ISRAEL-
11 week Student Group 
includes 3 weeks in Eur,ope 
and a Mediterranean Cruise 

call Marty : 755-8850 

HEARD 
ABOUT 

FRAME? 

COSMETICS 
SHAMPOOS 

HTS 

WAVES 
HAIR SPRAYS 
WIGS 
WIG SUPPLIES 
GIFTS 

10% Discount with A.S. Card 
on many items 

SPEAKING OF 
DIAMONDS ... 

By MAX SCHLADE.R 
SOON·TO·BE ENGAGED? 

Buying a diamona 'ZS an mvestment, in 
beauty, for a very special person. It is an 
investment in the future because a diamond 
is forever. 

Our business is diamonds. Our diamond 
presentation gives you interesting and 
accurate information. 

You will find the largest selection of 
ring styles in the area. Before you buy, 
check our prices. 

Art Carved Diamond Center 

Appointment 
Anytime 

/ 

5190 College Ave. 
Diamond Appraisal Watch Repa ir 

Hours 9:30 · 5:30 Jewelry Repair 

/' 

let '~e w'nd wh 5Pl" I!S 
secre!s In 'iour :'0' But 

keep he 'Old away from 
the rest ° you ""th John 

e'lers doeskin 
Philadelphia wrop coot 
that has ,mportont I,tt le 
leather tabs. 'n severol 

autumn colors. $75 
The cone leg pants to 

mo ch $30 
O n top, hp mo~, 

lurtlenec in Mer no 
wool $'5 

',.' ~Il~ 
j , speakS yox bngLXJge 

; 
,I 

I 

Hit R tim .. Nov . 1, 1.11 PI" 5 



triton. tiIl1es 
THB AltTI 

This seems to be a world in 
which good news Is n,) news. If 
students burn a dean a~ the stake, 
for example, it makes headlines, 
but few noUce it they manage to 
communicate. Yet I can now re-
port some news which is news: 
the world has a new ballet com-
pany or the first magnitude. The 
Stuttgart Ballet' s "Taming of the 
Shrew," performed last weekend 
in San Diego, was a convincing 
demonstration. 

As befits a new company, they 
employ the techniques of modern 
dance, which supplies a fresh-
ness and vigor, which is most 
welcome. Yet at the same time, 
they have a solid foundation in 
classical ballet which provides 
a central stylistic support. This 
is no doubt due to their long 
association with Britain's Royal 
Ballet. 

"Taming of the Shrew" was 
a delightfully well done adapta-
tion of Shakespeare's tale. The 
music was composed in the Bar .. 
ogue styl e atter the manner of 
Scarlatti, employing the modern 
equivalent of a Baroque orches-
tra, conducted by the composer 
Kurt-Heinz Stolze. The music 
fitted very well with the story, 
and John Cranko's choreography 
was well suited to both the music 
and the action. 

Heinz Clauss as Petruchlo and 
Judith Reyn as Katherine were 
strong in their central roles, 
being not only fine dancers but 
vibrant actors, bringing their 
characters across . This troop 
was highly skilled in the art of 
mime, which contributed no end 
to the enjoyment or the total 
experience. Max Midlnet as the 
absurd suitor Gremio was es-
pecially good, showing a great 
flare for comedy. Both as mimes 
and as actors, the entire corp5 
de ballet provided excellent sup-
port throughout. 

It Is part of the special flavor 
of the company that they were 
able to provide a fine, aesthetic 
experience, yet execute comedy 
with a zest which made us burst 
our sides laughing--all in the 
same action. Petruchio andKate, 
for example, might do a classical 
pas de deux with ex Qui sit e 
finesse, in which Katherine, in 
the cour se of being tam ed, gets 
dumped on her bottom. Anyone 
can do a prat-fall, but that scene 
took real class. The pleasure Is 
Increased by the awareness that 
the performers themselves ob-
viously enjoy what they are doing. 

This is rather a discovery, and 
the troop is fast gaining a top 
International reputation- -as well 
it should. 

"HAIR DEALS WITH WAR, 
SEX, DOPE, CIVIL RIGHTS, 
PATRIOTISM, AFFECTION, 
ESCAPISM, GENERATION 
GAPS, AND POP CULTURE." 

Martm Bernheimer, LA Times Calendar 

TICKETS NOW AVAILABLE 6 WEEKS IN ADVANCE 
Tuesday through Thursday at 8 30 .... S750 ... $650 .... $5 .50 
Sunday at 3'00 and 730 .. S7 50 .. $650 ... . $5 .50 
Friday al 830 .. .... . ....... S8 50 ... $7.50 ... . $650 
Salurday at 630 and 10;30 ......... S8 50 .... $7.50 .... $6.50 

NO PERFORMANCES MOND AY . BOX OFFICE OPEN 7 DAYS 461·3571 
STUDENT "HAIR CUTS" AVAILABLE AT THE AQUARIUS BOX OFFICE 
r--------------------i 

AQUAR IUS THEATRE . MA'fR I 
Please send __ Tickets at $ Total $, __ _ 
1st Choice : Day Date Time __ _ 
2nd Choice: Day Date Ti",e' __ _ 
Name _____________ ___ 
Address _____________ _ 
C, ty _________ State ____ _ 
Z,p Code _____ Phone' ______ _ 

Enclose ch eck or monev order payable to Aq uariUS Theatre . 
6230 Suns.' Boulevard . Hollywood. Ca"'orni. 90028. 

I ___ ~~.~~~.~.~.~~~~.~~ ~v~o~. __ ..J 
For Theatre Party Informat ion - Call Andru lynch 461·2881 

HAi 
IS LOVE WITH MUSIC 

P,.'. triton tiftl .. Nov .7, 11 .. 

Death of a Sports Page 
Bob Gorby 

Will the end of this quarter mark the end of the 
Triton Times sports page? Apparently so. When I 
transfer to Santa Barbara, there will probably be 
no one to organize the sports page, for no one 
has expressed any interest In the job. In this 
case, there will be no sports page. 

Not only does the sports problem involve find-
ing a successor for my job; It also entails im-
proving the quality of the sports page, finding an 
emphasis that is suitable for the athletic program 
at UCSD, and establishing a staff of dependable 
writers. 

A sports page needs to be more than a public 
relations sheet for the physical education depart-
ment. While the department is very helpful in 
submitting articles and Information, the emphasiS 
and tone of this material should usually be changed 
to fit Into the journalistic context of a college 
newspaper. Besides, a good sports page should 
have a few feature-type articles that go into greater 
depth in one area of athletic endeavor. 

Team members In intercollegiate sports are 
often happy to write articles for the paper de-
scribing progress In their particular spo~t(s). 
The basic problem that confronts the sports 
editor here is communication with these athletes--
being able to tell if and when an article on cross 
country, wrestling, or baseball Is coming in . 

An editor cannot use his space In the paper to 
maximum advantage unless he knows what he'll 
probably use to fill this space. 

If an editor is handed the best piece of journal-
ism In history one hour atter his deadline he 
might as well not have received it at all, sd far 
as the current issue is concerned. In a weekly, 
this means the article must wait at least a week. 
This takes all of the timeliness out of the big 

or will the · harriers 
ever romp again 11!1 

basketball victory, the record high jump, etc. 
I cite lack or interest and organization as the 

major problems threatening the life or the Times 
sports page. The only way for the sports depart-
ment of the Triton Times to continue Is for some-
one to show enough Interest to run the show after 
I leave at the end of this quarter . Tightening the 
organization and improving communications will 
take little time and effort. 

But it this effort is not made, the sports page 
will diSintegrate into a cloud of sports article 
atoms. One interested person could easily run the 
sports page, with a staff or several competent 
persons, but the sands or time are running low 
and as yet no one has expressed any interest in 
the job. 

Being sports editor pays off in many ways--
financially, academically, and personally. The 
sports editor gets a nominal salary for each 
issue printed. By working on the newspaper, one 
learns much about the mechanics of newspaper 
~blishing. 

Lastly, and apparently leastly, according to the 
lack of interest shown, there is the personal sat-
isfaction of doing something worthwhile, both for 
yourself and for UCSD. 

If you are interested in becoming sports editor 
for the Triton Times at the end of this quarter, 
or in becoming a sports staff writer, please come 
to the Triton Times office In 250 MC for further 
information. If no one is there, leave a note with 
your name and phone number so that you may be 
contacted. If this last plea is not answered, the death 
knell of the Triton Times sports department will 
already have begun to sound. And no one will 
miss It. 

.. ···-···Worid--C~in,.pus··Afi·02it········· ·· ······-! 
is a college that does more 
than broaden horizons. 

It sails to them and beyond.: 
~ Again in 1970, the World Campus Afloat . 
: program of Chapman College and Associated 
, Colleges and Universities will take qualified 

students, faculty and staff into the world 
laboratory. 

Chapman College now is accepting final 
applications for the next three consecutive 
semesters: Spring 1970, Fall 1970 and 
Spring 1971. Preliminary applications also 
may be made for all future semesters. 

Fall semesters depart New York for ports 
in Western Europe and the Mediterranean, 
Africa and South Amel.c3, ending in 
los Angeles. Spring semesters circle the 
world from Los Angeles through the Orient, 
India and South Africa to New York. 

For a catalog and other information, 
complete and mail the coupQ.n below. 

Art student Leana Leach 01 Long Beach 
sketches ruins 01 once·buried city during 
World Campus AI/oat visi//o Pompeii. 

SA~ETY INFORMATION: The s.s. Ryndam, 
registered in The Netherlands, meets 
International Safety Standards for new ships 
developed in 1948 and meets 1966 fire 
safety requirements. 

· .................................................... ....... ......... . 

· I'I~III WORLD CAMPUS AFLOAT 
~ a1 Director of Student Selection Services 

Cha~man College, Orange, Calif. 92666 

Please send your catalog and any other malerial I need to have. 

SCHOOL INFORMATION HOME INFORMATION 
• Mr. 
• Miss 
• Mrs. 

· Last Name --'R'""o""mo::-AA-ddC,re;:-;:.:;-. ----....Street--- • 

Nama of School CHy State 
Campu. Addr... Slreoi Homo Phone ( l 

Area COdO 
· City Stale zip Untll __ ln'o should be sent to campus 0 home 0 • 

Ca mpus Phone ( appro •. date 
Are. Code 

Year In School Approx. GPA on 4.0 Scale 

I am interested In 0 Fall Spring 0 19 __ 
o I would like 10 lelk to a represenlative ot WORLD • 
CAMPUS AFLOAT 

· ..•••.•••••....••.•.....•.•..•••..•...•............................... 

CALENDAR 
Friday, Nov. 7 
12 :00 noon "The War Game" 
USB2722. 50 cants. Showings at 
2pm and 6pm a llO. 
6 :00pm Gimmick Car Aally and 
Poker Aun. South Parking LOt. 
Aavelle. $2.50/car. 
7 :30pm " One Potato, Two Po· 
tato" and "The Mouse That 
Aoared," USB2722. 50 cents. 
7 :30pm University Club p .... 
sents "A Night In Islamic Spain : : 
In the I nformol Lou nge. Rave"e 
Commons. 
8 :30pm Coffee Concen of Ch. 
!"be~ MUllc, MC409 . 
9 :00pm Entenalnment at Cof· 
fee Hut-·band .. Aalph." 

Saturday. Nov. 8 
1 I :OOam Croll Country with 
Cal Western. 
I :OOpm Soccer with Cal State 
L.A. 
8 :OOpm Oolmetlch·Shoenfeld 
Ensemble Chamber Mus ic Quar-
tet. Gym. $1 .75. 
9 :00pm Entertainment at Cof· 
fee Hut- bond " Aalph." 

Sunday, Nov. 9 
7:30pm "Bodu Saved From 
Droudlng" and "Facel In the 
Shadows." USB2722. 

Monday, Nov. 10 
KSDT Is on the alrl Turn to 
550 on your dial . 
12 :00 noon AS Senate meets, 
Conference Room. MC250. 
7 :00pm KSDT Open HOUle, 
MC71 I . 
7:00pm SDS. HL1148. 
7 :00pm UCSO 8agplpe Sand, 
2A 2101 . 
7 :OOpm Block Students Council 
Conference Aoom, MC250. 
Tuesday. Noy. 11 
7 :00pm Alpha Phi Omega. 440 
Argo. Aevelle. 
7 :00pm Christian Science Org. 
Infonnal Lounve. 

7:00pm University Folkdancers 
at 312W MC. 

Wednesday. Nay. 12 
4 :00pm Trident Christian Fel. 
lowshlp Bible Study. HL45B. 
6:30pm Alpha Sigma Phi. USB 
3060. 
6 : 30pm Friends of A.sistance 
Lower Blake Lounge. . 
7 :30pm World Federalist Youth 
In Blake Hall. 
B:OOpm MECHA. USB3020. 
B:30pm Jazz Series. Im""rlal 
Aoom . Torrey Pines Inn. 
9: OOpm "1914 yerslon of Ipar· 
tacus" at Coffee Hut. 
B:OOpm Poop Ie ni9ht, Informal 
Lounge. 

Thursday . Nov. 13 
7 :00pm : .slan Club. Lang. 
Lounge. 
7 :00pm KEBS channel 15 pre-
sents "Third College." 
7 :30pm libertarian Alliance, 
USB3060. 
B :OOpm SIMS Introductory Lee. 
USB3070. 
8 :30pm Trident Christian Fel-
towshlp . BB54 Nottingham PI . 
8 :30pm Dance, Vietnam Mor .... 
torlum comm., Revelle Cafe. 
FrIday, Nay. 14 
7 :00pm International Club. In· 
formal Lounge. 
7 :30pm .. Uly ........ and "Cepe 
Feer." US B2722 . 50 cents. 
8 :00pm Water Polo with San 
Fernando Vallev. natatorium. 
8 :30pm Vietnam Moratorium 
Committee. Aevelle Cafe. 

Saturdev, Nov. 15 
10:30am Soccer with Cal Poly 
Pomona. Soccer F ie ld. 
7 :00pm Married Students Au. 
Potl uck DI nner. M ed. School 
Lounge. 
8 :30pm Monday Evening Can· 
C8rts. Gym. $1.50. 

THE 

ASSOCIA~ED 
STUDENTS 

PRESENT 

Enigma 
(continued from pag03 one) 

"The University's fundamental 
tisslon is teaching and re-
~arch . " 
..... the University should not 

lcome a Red Cross. It can 
aintain itself in terms of its 
mda mental mission; the pursuit 
, knowledge and educations." 

William K. Coblentz 
"We have politicians on the 

oard who do answer to the peo-
Ie and certainly we have to be 
ognlzant of the people. But, 
Iy God, it we tried to do every-
ling that the people want, you 
·ouln't have a University." 
According to William Cob-

mtz, certain ex-officio regents 
lay not belong on the boud. 
Coblentz, a San Francisco 

ttorney representing B1I1 Gra-
lm and many local rock groups, 
mong other Clients, has been 
n the board since 1964. 
" ... people go on the Board of 

egents after they've reached a 
artaln stage in economic income 
nd they want psychic income,': 

says Coblentz. 
Coblentz believes one of the 

major problems of the University 
to be parents' and society's con-
ception of the University, as in 
loco parentis. 

"The University cannot cure 
the Ills of SOCiety, and they're 
not going to be able to reform 
your chlld as much as you 
would like it to, ..... 

Norton Simon 
Norton Simon is an industria-

list. He Is the founder and dir-
ector of Norton Simon industries 
INC., a "diversified industrial 
complex" which includes Hunt-
Wesson Foods, McCall' s, and Ca-
nada Dry. 

Simon, who was appointed to 
the Board of Regents in 1960 
by Governor Brown, believes the 
board should confine Its activities 
to policy making. 

"I dO:1't think the regents should 
go Into the operations of 
anything." 

Since his appointment nine 
years ago, he has seen the po_ 
litical climate of the board in-
crase and, he points out, the 
Governor's Interventio:J is partly 
responsible for this increase. 

However, Simon does believe 
poHtics and the board are inse-
perable. 

"I think the idea of saying 
we don't want any politics to be • 
considered on the part of the re-
gents Is unrealistic. They al-
ways are considered by every-
one to one degree or another." 

On the subject of student po_ 
HUcs, Simon believes in vigorous 
dissent within the framework of 
the law. 

• at the coffee hut. 
fRIDAY NOVEMBER 7 

A.S. films: 
One Pof.'o, Two Pofafo 

AND 
TIle Mouse f.af Roared 

2722USB 7,38 P.M. 

AIUCSD *1 . 51 

friday and saturday 
november 7 & 8 

movies 

'RALPH' 

every wednesday night 

1 ,30 P .M . GYMNASIUM 

\ftCiJiGGii 
'IHI Ralll"" 
1111,' 

\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\111111111111111111"" 1/""/1",11111/1/11/1/1/1/1/ 

llWHENDRIX 
\1\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\1\\,\" \ 1\" 11 1111" 1111111"""""111111111111/1/1 

"""~ ItElt"'Nf; 
\\\\\\\\\\11\1\1\\1\1\1111111111111111111111 11111111111111111111111111 

\MILt! flJlHil 
\1\\\\\1\1\ 1 1 11111/1111111111111111111111111111111111111/1111111 

Joeradrrr 
11\11111111111111111111111111111111111111111111"''' 1111111111 

TRAFFIC 
\11111111111111111111111111111" II 1111 "" 1111111111111 

21~!'~'~~ BRIe BURDON 

ACA.DE1\CY 
3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284-1000 

PART II ,,,,vl'::- ";"',,, · 
Tonight-ThurSday. 

• 
.... .. LEO TOLSTOY S 

TONIGHT 8.00 on IWARanJ PEACE .. e<>-o. 
___ .. F:DrE ARTS 

1818 GARNET STREET 274·4000 

need a ;ob ? 
Solicit Ad",rtis,m,nts for this 

n'W$ p.p,r 10-15 $ p,r w"k 
15% commission s" D.", N,I/llnd 

Triton Tim,s Offic,250 M.th,ws 

triton tiftl.. Nov .7, 19 Pl" 1 



WANTED 
A Jur y for If The A ,ilela Davis 
Issue" Tues. at 8 P ,M. and at 

Thurs. at 10:30 P.¥. on 
Channel 15 , 

Ange la vs. De Witt Higgs 
Ta.i(e your side 

Su~your 
homeleam. 

Support your 
home airline. 
Get up and go for your team. Fly 
to the games away on PSA.8 cities. I 
Over 160 flights a day. All jets. Low-
est fares. Call your travel 
agent or give us a yell . 
PSA gives rot' a I 

Si"u 1947 

STORE FOR MEN 
CLOTHING 

Fl!RNISHINGS 
SH OES 

273-9315 
PACIFIC BEAC H, CALIF. 

COVE THEATRE ~ 
17 30 GIRARD. LA JOlLA 
Evenings 7 & 9 PM 

Matinee Sunday 1:30 o:lly 
"A VERY FUNNY, 

IMMENSELY APPEALING MOVIE. 

UCSD PRESENTS ••• 
o olmetsch-Schoenfeld Ensemble 

The music of Pugnani, F. Coup&rin, 
Haase, Ravel, Telemann, Tartini, 
Horovitz and Wm. Young/ Marin Marais' 

"Chamber music in its highest 
achievement .. .featuring the recorder, 
treble viol, harpsichord, violin, 
and cello." 

8:30 p.m., Saturday, November 8th 
Sherwood Hall, La Jolla 
ASUCSD $1. 75; Fac/Staff $2.75 

UCSD Chamber Music Series season 
tickets still available at a 24% savings 

Ticket information at the Central Box Office, Urey Hall Lobby 
Hours: 10:00 - 4:00 Phone : 453-6151 

BITT EP GRAPEI , 

0 00 E Alv 

A U. ACTION 
GUN E~ SRUI l 

PAPA ANC ~,,~,.. "".I,TrD I,I. 
ACTIO~ 0 0 ~UHl J 

SQUAiI"f ... r ~ J.lfLO 1 

FINE ARTS 
1818 GARNET STREET 274·4000 

Saturday M idnight 

AT MIDNIGHT 
BElT v BOoP "0 

UPI AND DO WNS 

OVERFLO W 0 

RITE b I 

FUNI(Y FILM I) I 

Page 8 triton times Nov. 7. 1969 

People Pollution 

The Fruits of Our Labor 
by Clayton Becker Assistant Librarian. Biomedical Library 

(Editol . ~ note: This is the 
first in a series of articles by 
a concerned citizen at UCSD 
on the problem of overpopula-
tion of the earth. The Triton 
Times welcomes such self-ini-
tiated articles from the Univer-
sity community, and hopes that 
other students, faculty and staff 
will take the opportunity to share 
their ide4s and interests in our 
news and feature columns each 
week.) 

What seems to be the most 
pressing problem for man? Viet 
Nam and other wars? The search 
for identification and self-deter-
mination? The good life? 

According to Dr. Paul Erlich, 
Chairman of the Biology De-
partment at Stanford Univer-
sity, these three pressing is-
sues may be only part of a se-
vere pro b Ie m including many 
other issues. For the population 
explosion encompasses them all . 

Ehrlich, author of "The Pop-
ulation Bomb, " spoke at the San 
Diego Open Forum in the Uni-
tarian Church of La: Jolla last 
SUnday night. 

More people are undernour-
ished now, he maintained, than 
the total number of people that 

existed on the earth a century 
ago. In 1850 the world had one 
billion inhabitants. It took 80 
years to double this sum and 
less than 35 years to reach 
three billion. Four billion is 
projected six years from now. 
Further estimates suggest a to-
tal of eight billion in 2005. 

Eight billion persons on the 
earth mean that there will be 
two people where there is no-
one--two cars, four eyes, two 
colleges, two intercity speed-
ways, and twice the trash. 

I Ehrlich is convinced that birth 
control is the most effective way 
to slow the population growth 
to zero. He holds no hope for 
s u c h death-rate increases as 
such death-rate increasers as 
war, famine, mandatory birth 
quotas, and organized liquida-
tion of the geriatric (the old-
aged) . 

The pill does not appeal to 
Ehrlich either. As with pesti-
cides and other poisons, contra-
ception pills have not been tested 
for long-range effects. Already 
many of the chemical substances 
con t a i ned in pesticides, pills, 
food preservatives, and h y P 0-
chondriatic nostrums have been 
found to be harmful in many ways. 

As far as birth control is con-
cerned, Ehrlich. is in favor of 
male sterilization after a mod-
erate family has been bunt. 

To com bat the problem of 
famine, Ehrlich said, man can-
not depend greatly on the sea. 
Likewise, marginal farming of 
reclaimed land does not hold 
out the best hope for meeting the 
population increase. 

The sol uti 0 n, the biologist 
feels, lies in policies that would 
allow people to profit from co-
operating in lowering the birth 
rate. Paying women annually to 
not become pregnant, he sug-
gested, might help and also ob-
viate the need for a welfare 
system. But this policy can only 
work in the advanced nations, 
where governments are stable 
enough to enjoy the general re-
spect of the citizens. Thus Ehr-
lich suggests that these richer 
nations advise the less fortunate 
countries on the danger s of over-
population and results of "peo-
ple pollution." But advice by 
fiat is undeSirable, he warned: 
the wealthy nations must set an 
example. Otherwise, the "haves' 
will be telling the "have-nots" 
to become the "be-nots." 

____ e 

jlOema~f 

pla~~x' 
""'=1_ tampons 

We' ll send you the $1.69 size of Play text 
first·dayH~ tampons for only SO •• 

You get more than two months' supply free. 
There's no other tampon like Playtex tampon was always 
Playtex. Outside , soft and silky, more absorbent. Actually 45% 
not cardboardy. Inside, so extra more absorbent on the average 
absorbent, it even protects on than the leading regular 
your f irst day. That's why we tampon because of the unique 
call It the first·day tampon. way It'S made. Actually adjusts 

In every lab test aga inst the to you. Flowers out, fluffs out, 
old cardboardy kind. the protects every inside 
- BUild 0"'1 tole ,.,,,,. ,. wom.n's uS~ 01 len tlmpons tlpr month 

inch of you. 
Once you try it, we think 

you'" love it. That's why we're 
making you this special "two 
months free" offer. 

So go ahead. Use the coupo,.. 
and get more than two months' 
supply free. 

r-----------------------------, 
Here's 50¢ for my more than two months' supply of Playtex tampons. 
Send in a plain brown wrapper, please. 
o Regular o Super 

Name _____________ ~~--~----------------
(plus .. pr n ) 

Address _______________________ _ 

City State Zip __ _ 
Mail coupon to : International Playtex Corporation. Dept. WV, 350 
Fi fth Avenue, New York, N,Y. 10001 . Offer expires December 
31 , 1969. Please allow four weeks for delivery. L _____________________________ ~ 

t PI,)'Itt-. It t" p tr,d .. m'r!! of Int ttn.llon,1 PI.Y'. III Corp. Dover. Del. 1969 Internlt lon" Pla)'t .. Cor,. L-__________________ __ 


