
IWe demand that the Third College be devoted to relevant education for minority youth and to the 
study of contemporary social problems of all people. 1 lumumba-Zapat Demands March 26

1 
1969 

Volume 8, Number 9 Universi y of California, San Diego November 25,1969 

THIRD COLLE6E-- THE QUIET REVOLUTION 
In this issue the evolution of Third College unfolds. It is a story that has 

become progressively intriguing to the group of staff writers who participated 
in piecing it together. Devoted to an examination of this history of issues in-
volved in the development of the college, this iast publication of the quarter is 
a statement of the importance which we feel it represents. 

Third College is probably the most exciting educational experiment in A-
merica today. For after months of delay, debate, and confrontation, students 
and faculty have gotten together. The results are an academic plan that seems 
to satisfy many of the desires articulated by Blacks and Chicanos in their 
original demands for LumumlXl.-Zapata College last Spring. For the faculty, 
at first alarmed by the radical departures suggested, the plan seems now to 
comfort any qualms some may have had. In this accomodation of fears Ii s 
the ultimate key to success for the college, since it never cou ld have existed 
amidst the hostile atmosphere that existed last spring. 

Why is Third College unique? Because for probably th first time an entir 
college is being constructed to serve the spec1f1c needs of a particular community 
--the Black and Brown. It is not a college that wUl serve Blacks and Browns 
by molding them into the establlshed white SOCiety. Nor is it a college that 
wiU pacify students with doses of Black and Brown studies. It is, .instead, the 
beginning of the commitment on the partofthe Univ rsUy to correct its oversights 
of the past. 

The Black and Brown students cannot be given too much cr dtt in wruit they 

have succeeded in dOing. However rash th ir initial actions and words may h ve 
seemed to members of the acad mlc community, they made an ntir institu-
tion stop to re-examine its basic go Is for the first time. Th y hav not only 
made the University aware of its previous lack of commitment to the minority 
communities, but have also provided Hie impetus for the implementation of 
the necessar y changes. 

During thls process the fa culty hav com to realize that creative innoval ion 
within the curriculum Is possible without destroying th acad mic standa ods 
they ch r ish so d arly. And hopefully during this process th minority Stud1tS 
have come to better understand th University structur e while admini tratol 's, 
in turn, have come to under stand the outlook and needs of minority student s. 

The college system of UCSD has also play d a vital role in th Third Colle 
stor y. [n th absence of monolithic m ster plans, coli ges can d velop that 
me t current needs. Student involvement in th planning of thi colleg has 
set a precedent for the future. 

But the story of Third Coll ge is not quit finished. Despit prevallin op-
timism, w wlll not have the co llege untll the Regents' seal of pproval IS 
aftlx d. We, as members ot th UCS community, should r ady to giv 
whatever sup rt Is n ce sary to make Third College r allty. For not only 
the minority communities but also th vitality of the univ r Uy, and for that 
matter, th vitality of Am~ri a, wl1I ultim tely stand to ben Cit from th in-
novations underway. TRITOI TIMES EDITORIAL IOARD 



BSC.·MECHA Reflect on 
College's Future Impact 

by Raoul Contrel'll 
S.ff WritBr 

Third College is many things to the Black and Chicano 
students who last spring, despite the resistance bred 
of misunderstanding and tradition, gave it birth, and who 
this winter will try to push it through the legitimatizing 
baptism of approval by the Board of Regents. 

Robert CarrUlo, a member of MECHA's third college 
planning committee, says, "Third College is a recog-
nition of the university's refusal to recognize or 
accept the responsibility it has to potential minority 
group students who, because of social and economic 

. barriers, have been systematically denied entrance." 
Sidney Glass, a member of the BSC, also active in 

Third College Planning this summer, feels that Third 
College provides an opportunity to get a curriculum 
"to relate the basic life style of Blacks and Brown; 
to establish a functional relationship between what is 
learned in class and what can be done in the community." 

To the BSC and MECHA, along with a growing number 
of faculty and administrative supporters, Third College 
is much more than a mfUlifestation of the nationwide 
demand for ethnic studies. 

Third College has Black and Chicano ethnic studies, 
which are a means of recognizing the " third world" 
culture largely ignored by American education. However, 
the tenative academic plan makes Third College not 
only a place to learn about non-White cultures, but 
aIso a place for non-white students with desire and 
motivation to go back to the ghetto or barrio. 

Minority G roup Leadership 
Vince DeBaca, aIso a Third College planning committee 

member, maintains that "the Third College program is 
a method of developing minority group leadership which 
will go back to the ghetto or the barrio and find solutions 
to the basic problems which the white society, through 
disinterest, has failed to concern itself with. The Amer-
ican university supports defense research, space re-
search, etc. Third College will be oriented to researching 
the urban problems which threaten to explode America." 

Like many revolutionary ventures, Third College was 
not a spontaneous development for either the BSC or 
for MECHA. Ed Spriggs, a BSC member, says, "We 
(the BSC) had been here for two years before Provost 
Rappaport's request (to help in Third College Plan-
ning). Over that time we 've been asked to sit on a lot 
of committees. We're on record with a number of polite 
written requests (curriculum additions, black represen-
tation in construction, etc). But it was the same old 
junk, a lot of talkin~ but nothing ever llappened. 

"We took Rappaport's request in the same tenor. 
However, we felt we had to give them something. So 
we devised an entire program of Black studies, every-
thing we had asked for in the past, only on the level 
of an entire college. We saw the opportunity and poten-
tial of Third College right away, but it seemed so im-
possible and outlandish." 

"Over a number of meetings our ideas evolved from 
just Chicano studies toa total minority-oriented college," 
said Carrillo of MECHA. "We decided to take our plan 
to the BSC to broaden our support." 

With regards to the merger with MECHA, Ed Spriggs 
of BSC said: " After MECHA came in we saw the in-
creased potential of Third College and changed our or-
ientation from Black Studies to Third World. Over 
a couple of weeks of joint discussions our demands for 
Third College evolved." 

Two years of fru~trat1ng, unfruitful committee work 
and polite proposals resulted In the Marxist rhetoric 
of the original demands for Lumumba-Zapata College. 
Lumumba-Zapata called for a total revamping of the 
College plan. 

To the BSC/MECHA coalition, Chancellor McGill's 
defense of legality, academic standards, traditlon, and 
the old Third College plan appeared meaningless be-
cause they thought that something entirely different 
was needed in face of the fact the UCSD student body 
was only slightly more than one percent Black and 
Brown at the time. To BSC/MECHA something drastically 
different was needed to change University aloofness to 
squalor, the deprivation, the economic and the social 
barriers which the ghetto and the barrio impose on 
minority communities, which support the public univer-
sity through their taxes. So what followed was the BSC/ 
MECHA strategy, characterized by rational discourse, 
irrational discourse, and the power politics of con-
frontation, which eventually won tenative administrative 
and faculty support of the "third world" orientation for 
Third College. 

A Needed Catalyst 
Former Third College provisional provost Dr. Rappa-

port, who resIgned when he saw the tide change in favor 
of the Third World College, has said, "Some of his-
tory's most important changes would not have taken 
place when they did were it not for external pressures. 
I think the BSC/MECHA document may well prove to 
be the catalyst which will bring about the reforms 
that are so urgently needed." 

This summer the hopes of BSC/MECHA were again 
put down on paper. The new "Third College AcademiC 
Plan" was the result of a faculty-student planning com-
mittee which had ten Black and Chicano members. 
The sting of revolution has been removed from the 
plan; but Carrillo says "It still has the radical depar-
tures needed to accomplish its goal." 

This new plan, in its uwn words, recognizes that 
'ethnic minorities are separated from the mainstream 
of society by frightening social and economic barriers, 
of society by frightening social and economic barriers," 
and that "rapid communication and economiC and poli-
tical interdependence among all people on the earth 
demand that our thinking expand from national to world-
wide dimensions." 

Vital: Student Control 
BSC/MECHA realize that the resistance to Third 

College by the Regents, if it comes, will be not over 
curriculum but over radical new proposals on admissions, 
administration, and faculty appointment. 

According to the proposal both administration of the 
college and faculty appointment would be under some 
student control. BSC/MECHA feel some measure of 
control is necessary in order to keep the college oriented 
toward the minority community. Azzan Davis of the 
BSC says of student representation in administration of 
the college; "Government allows students a legal means 
to express their ideas and opinions on decisions affecting 
their future in the institution, and have them implemented 
within the structure of the University." 

Robert Carrillo agreed when he said, "The nationwide 
failure of the University to cope with student unrest 
shows the necessity of student representation. Third 
College with student administration will not be rigid 
and tradition bound, it will be viable and capable of 
change to meet any future environment." 

SKIERS! rtlM,~~Rp~~1~?~~ ~~~~D NEW 
PARK CITY • PARK CITY WEST • ALTA • BRIGHTON 

Iludents march to Registrar 's office last Spring. 
In the original Lumumba-Zapata demands BSC/MECHA 

wanted quotas oC Black and Brown students. The new 
plan will attract the minority student by its nature, goal 
orientation, and recruitment programs run by its stu-
dents. Initially, however, Third College will need 
experimental modifications in entrance requirements. 

Eliminat e Admissions Barriers 
To BSC/MECHA this is justified in order to counter-

act the minority group obstacles; poverty, overcrowded 
and dilapidated schools, inexperienced teachers, and coun-
seling which channels minority students into trade and 
vocational classes. The academic plan supports the 
admission plan, with studies which show that grade-
point averages are not the only measure of potential 
college success, especially in students of minority groups 
and lower income backgrounds. The proposed admission 
standards in the academic plan will judge background, 
interests, and motivation, along with GPA. 

BSC/MECH sees these modifications in admission 
standards as temporary (the academic plan calls for 
seven years). Part of the community obligation Third 
College is designed to meet Is to prepare ghetto and 
barrio students for normal admission to the University. 
This will be done through elaborate recruitment programs 
which will reach the potential student when he enters 
high school. Pilot programs using peer-group moti-
vational counseling have shown considerable success. 
They are used to counteract the prevalent minority 
youth's negative attitude toward education. 

To both BSC and MECH, Third College is not a 
goal, but a necessary means of effectively engaging the 
University in America's urban crisis, of giving due 
recognition to non-white cultures , and breaking the 
social and economic barriers which have systematically 
kept the minority student out of the University. Both 
see these problems not as separate entities but as 
part of a flaw in the system. Idealistically they see 
Third College as a solution to the problems. 

& 'SKI UTAH BARGAIN PACKAGES"! as low as $108°0 
including - 7 days of great skiing • 6 nights lodging -lift passes, etc. 

(Lessons optional) 
Round trip by Domeliner in reserved seat Coaches 
(Domeline," sleeping car accommodations also available ) 

PARI( CITY PAiKAGE 
. 6 nights locging In fa SCinat ing historic Park City. 
. 5 day Ilf P( IS Pork City • 2 day 11 ft pa ss Pork City WEST 

BIc;.4 AREA PACKAGE 
. 6 nights loc,ging In Salt Lake City w ith daily transportation 

to four fa med ski areas. 
• 7 day B19-4 area ski pass for Park City. Pork City WEST, 

Alto and Brighton slopes 

It 15 departures . Every Saturday Dec. 20 thru Nv:Jr . 28. . . Leave los Angeles 12 '45 PM Noon Arrive Salt Lake City 635 AM Sunday for a full day of skiing . Arr ive Los Angeles 1 00 PM the following Sunday. 
Makl'. reservations early Call your Travel Agent or Union PaCifiC office NOW for brochure . 

Page 2 Triton Times, Nov.21, 1969 

( 

·History of Third College, 
Part One 

"Third College ... must prepare students and itself 
as an institution, to bring intelligence to bear on th~ 
problems that face mankind." 

So began the original academic plan of UCSD's third 
unit in the continually expanding college system. This 
document, encompassing many new concepts and goals 
not yet tried at Revelle and Muir, appeared over four-
teen months ago. But it never feltthe Academic Senate's 
seai of approval. 

Armin Rappaport came to UCSD in the winter of 
1967 and was determined to avoid the failure at UC Ber-
keley, where he had been professor of history and had 
advised students for many years. The college system 
he recalled, had seemed part of the solution to a truly 
depersonalized University. 

"But it seemed that the basic dream of the college 
system had not been fulfilled by the other two" he 
remarke<f\. "The faculty did not have a great allegiance 
to the college, and the students were not especially 
devoted to the college either. A feeling of 
homogenlety was needed." 

During succeeding months of 1967, 
together a "provisional faculty" 
plan to bring tile college system into 
'old hands' from the faculty," he 
were experienced In planning 
they were interested in ideas 
and Muir." From this 
professors from 11 dlf!erent 
expected to form the co 
qemic structure. 

IntBrdisciplinllfy 
But early in the UI:S;CU~iSlCID 

Third would be, Rappaport 
with his own. The cOIlcelPt 
programs came close to 
amiable relations 
bring themselves to ' 
partmental majors with 
departments' courses. 

Another issue was student 
felt that students really did 
cussions in the early stages. 

"We felt we needed a ske 
by experienced faculty members," 
"It was much like a family, 
plan and then let children come 
mestic things." Therefore the 
bated department by 
at the college. 

The reason for 
was the as~iumlptiol 
d !fferent" in 
plans. "The c 
of middle-class 

Events beyond 
control uVt,nilllaUUWlm 
particular, the <1;:",<1;:,;:,1114"< 
April 1968 had a catalytic 
students attending UCSD. 

"That was our first major brush 
tration," Black students Council (Bsco Ed 

~riggs pointed out. In a strongly worded pamphlet 
dlstributed at a memorial service at Revelle, BSC pre-

~ented several black student's goals: Improvement 
ID employment practices; changes in curriculum and the 
number of minority students on campus· recruitment 
of minority faculty members; and an in~rease in the 

r~sources available for minority students at the Univer-
SIty. 
M orB thlln RhBtoric' 

"H the white community feelS rea.l compassion for 
Martin Luth~r . King's death," Spriggs said, "then they 
can prove It m deeds rather than with the usu~l con-
science-solving rhetoric." 

The idea that Third College ·would inaugurate special 
programs to encourage "meaningful communications and 
mutual understanding between Black and white Amer-
icans" and Include a high degree of ethnic studies in 
its currieulum--as well as courses addressing themselves 
to currellt social problems, was accepted in principle. 

Rappaport's 
Plan-
Scholarship 
in Depth 

by Roger Shawley 
News Uitor 

This resolution, introduced at an Academic Senate 
meeting by biology profess or Dan L. Lindsley, was 
later reflected in a "social issues" major in the Rap-

academic plan and the concern for alleviating 
UI~\Iua.ILIUt!S in educational opportunity •.. by recruiting 

into the student body a substantial 
of students from disadvantaged backgrounds." 

BSC students were concerned, the "con-
, did not lapse when they pre-
proposaIs for reforming the 

a month later. "It was very 
academic," Spriggs explained. 
asking anything major at that 

FiliI to RlJllct 
were changes in the Re-
incorporate third world 

Western-oriented material. 
over to Muir's Cultural Tra-

of an Afro-American class. 
Iboo, .... ' ... '..tt."'meetings with the Committee 

FAII ..... tl and Humanities Department, all 
ccording to Spriggs, was that 
should find a few books rele-

Ad ministrator' s reactions in 
had a great deal to do with 

Rappaport approached the club 
Provost Salt man of Revelle 

all well or in an open way. This 
the attitude we later took tnward 

seemed more favorable, 
provided an opportunity 

Traditions. But 
by appointing a 
for one quarter. 

some of our 
said, but he was 

more months. From 
be of real help in his 

reforming efforts, 
J. McGill, then the 

• Initially he bad not 
Ul:S'CU:SS1UIIIS over BSC's proposals. But 

to a call for establishing a BSC library, he 
donations from the faculty. Another positive 

took was to form a subcommittee of CEP on 
Studies, the committee with which BSC 

held discussions during the summer. 

A M uir With Socilll IssuBs 
Armin Rappaport's efforts at finalizing the major 

program at ThirJ College were meanwhile continuing 
in the spring quarter. At this time he asked newly 
elected AS President Tom Shepard for advice on what . 

I 

committees students could serve to help organize the 
non-academic aspects ot his college. 

Robert Carillo of MAYA (Mexican-American youth 
Association), the forerunner of MECHA, was one of 
the few students involved with these committees the AS 
and Rappaport had initiated. He served on a committee 
chaired by Dean George Murphy, which was to deal 
with general student affairs and student-college relations . 

By the end of fall quarter Carlllos' enthusiams dwindled 
as meetings became infrequent and the matters under 
consideration remained aloof. "Third College seemed 
to me to be developing like Muir with a provision for 
a major in social issues." When the next quarter got 
under way, Carillo said he " lost all contact with Third 
College." 

Rappaport was concerned with his academic plan, 
published in September, 1968. The keynote to the 26-
page document was "greater intensity" in course work. 
"We wanted students to concentrate on more intensive 
work," he explained. 

His proudest innovation was the social issues major, 
which focused on a specific urban problem. "The stu-
dent would investigate every aspect possible--he would 
become a specialist, for example, in the problems of 
the poor in San Diego. 'Lab work' would be done in 
the senior year" and would demand that undergraduates 
travel to the source to do research." 

A Searching for a Place 
A year ago Third College envisioned a radically 

freer rein for students in pursuit of their interests. 
Pass-fail courses were possible for all electives in 
any quarter. Language requirements were left to the 
departments to assign. Tutoring programs in area 
high schools were suggested as relevant to department 
needs. The college Rappaport was sure, would differ 
from Revelle and Muir in all areas of academic and 
extra-curricular life. 

The members of BSC and MAYA, however, sta rted 
to realize that Rappaport 's proposals did not go far 
enough. In response to a request by Rappaport that BSC 

an~ MAYA make recommendations for any programs 
ThlI'd College might offer to minority students both 
groups casually "kicked around the idea of gi~ing a 
few suggestions." They were not willing to put up with 
the red tape encountered over the summer's discussions 
with campus committees. 

But it dawned on the minority students that a college 
devoted to the problems of minorities might hold the 
answer to their search for a place for black and brown 
students at the University. "Everything eIse we had 
been discussing involved a black studies department. 
We now saw the opportunity right away in his proposal. " 

THIRD COLLEGE RALLY 
Tuesday Dec. 2 

nOOD- Revelle Plaza 
Registration Fees for the Winter Quarter go up to 

$112.00, the extra six bucks going for the student Center 
Complex which will be built in 1972. Deadline for 
paym~nt without penalty is Monday, Jan. 5, 1970--
the first day of classes. 

COM MUNITY BLOOD BANK 

327 F street ·Sup~your (f) ~ [fd[lt!\ V hoirieteam. PAYS DONORS OO@@[M · 
for service , **~* .. 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 , ~ Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 ~ Closed Sun. & Mon. I UCSD NfSfllTS .... J>\MIE BUSWELL, the 23-year old violin virtuoso, playing the works of Beethoven, Salnt-Saens, Ravel, Webern 

and Sarasate, tonight (Friday) at 8:30 p.m 
In Sherwood Hall. . 

I ASUCSD $ 1.75; Faculty/Staff $ 2.'75 
~··;~~·d·i~·~;·~~·~id";~~·iik·~·t~·k~·~~ 
about the American Black past and 
present? Either way take 'in the performance 
of VOICES, INC., a repertory company of 
10 single-actors who use song, drama, dance 
and connecting dlalog in their adaptlon 
of liThe Believers." Co-sponsored with 
the Associated students. UCSD Gym 
at 8 :30 p .. m. on. Saturda V the 22nd. 
ASUCSD $ 2.00; Faculty/Staff $ 3.00 

TiCket. inf~rmation at the Central Box Office, Urey Hall Lobby 
Hours. 10.00 - 4:00 Phone: 453-6151 

233 - 8328 

"Say: All 
are created 

by Gotl." 
BAHA 'U'LLAH 

FOUNDER, BAHA'I FAITH 
J! 

FOR INFORMATION: 
Pnone 755-1701 

literature i. availoble and 
informal fireside discussion. 
ore neld frequently. 

•. -..... ~ . 

lir I 
POVERTY PRICES FOR ALL! I 

4 • HAPPy HOUR DAILY 5-6 PM , ;,. 
LIVE ENTERTAINMENT 

FRl. & SAT. NITES 
& SUN. AFTER OON 4 - 8 PM 

--

VIDEO TAPE FIGIITS, 

SupporJ.c' TOPl,ESS SHOWS home ai ine. ***-SANDWICHES" PIZZA 
Get up and go for your team. Fly 
to the games away on PSA. 6 cities. DIME NIGHT (1 KEG) 
0'01 r 160 flights a day. All jets. Low· EVERY THURSDAY 8PM 
est fares . Call 'lour tra el 
agent or give u's a yell. PARLAY ROOM TAVERN 

225-27 W. 15th St. 

PSA gives ,.,.. II THE BOWELS OF DEL MAR) 

friton :riftl' , Nov.2', 1969 pege 3 



St...t~ COSMITICS SHAMPOOS 
BEAUTY ,ft'ORES' 

UNIVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOPPING Cr:NTER 
3979 GOVERNOR DR. 
453-0261 

WAVIS 
HAIR SPRAYS 
WIGS 
WIG SUPPLlli 
GI"S 

DIANE SHOPPING CENTER 
4702 CLAffiEMONT MESA BLVD. 
272-3242 

10% Discount with A.S. Card 
on many items 

SPEAKING OF 
DIAMONDS ... 

By MAX SCHLADER 
SOON-TO-BE ENGAGED? 

Buying a dwmond 1.S an ~nvestment, in 
beauty, for a very special person. It is an 
investment in thefuture because a diamond 
is forever. 

Our business is diamonds. Our diamond 
presentation gives, you interesting and 
accurate information. 

You will find the largest selection of 
ring styles in the area. Before you buy, 
check our prices. 

Art Carved Diamond Center 
5190 College Ave. 

Appointment 
Anytime 

Diamond Appraisal Watch Repair 
Hours 9:30 - 5:30 Jewelry Repair 

"HAIR DEALS WITH WAR, 
SEX, DOPE, CIVIL RIGHTS, 
PATRIOTISM, AFFECTION, 
ESCAPISM, GENERATION 
GAPS, AND POP CULTURE." 

Mlltin Bernhe imer, LA Times Calendar 

TICKETS NOW AVAILABLE 6 WEEKS IN ADVANCE 
Tuesday through Thursday at 830 . 
Sunday at 3 00 and 7 30 

$7 .50 .. $650 .. $5.50 
S 7 50 . $6 50 .. $5 50 

Friday at 8 30 . S850 $750 ... $650 
Sat urday at 630 and 1030 $850 . . . $7 .50 .. . . $6.50 
NO PERFORMANCES MONDAY, BOX OFFICE OPEN 7 DAYS 461·3571 
STUDENT "HAIR CUTS" AVAILABLE AT THE AQUARIUS BOX OFFICE 
r--------------------, 

AQUARIUS THEATRE . HA'fRI I 
Please send __ Ttckets at $ ___ Total $--- I I 
1st Choice: Day Date Time I 
2nd Choice: Day Date Time I 
Name I 
Address I 
City State I 
lip Code Phone I 

Enclose check or money order payable to Aqua rius Theatr. . I 
6230 Sunset Boulevard . Hollywood. Calilorni. 90028 I 

1 ___ ~~e.;.n~s..:..~e~a~~~~a~~ ~v~~. __ -' 
For Theatre Party Informat ion - Ca ll Andrea Lynch 461·2881 

HAi 
IS LOVE WITH MUSIC 

History of Third College. part Two 

From Crisis and Confrontation a Unique College is Born 
by Steve UndlU 
Editor in Chief 

"Contradictions which sustained America in the past are now 
threatening to a/Ulihilate the entire societal edifice. Black slave 
labor laid the basis of the American economy ..... 

Angela Davis satatone end of the long oval table in the Chancellor's 
Coconference room as she read these words. At the other end was 
Chancellor McGill, and as she continued the impact of her words 
upon him became evident. 

Between the Chancellor and Miss Davis were 60 black and brown 
students who had crowded into the room to present a soUd front 
for their demands for "Lumumoo.-Zapata" college. Provost Rap-
paport was there 'too, and he, like the others, was being confronted 
for the first time with the words that would eventually lead to the 
downfall of his carefully contrived plans for Third College, and 
his resignation as Provost. 

Such was the scene last March 14 when it all began. Now, 
teen months later, the Third College Academic Plan has reptaced 
the demands for LZ college , and scholarly prose the original rhet-
oric which created such a stir. The harmony among Third College · 
planners led BSC member Sidney Glass to comment: "students 
and faculty got together on a level and degree unexpected." 

But it wasn't always that way. Between the confrontations of 
March and the quiet plal.ning of the summer months there was 
dramatic, and sometimes bitter, interaction. Many wounds have 
been healed since then, but scars may remain for quite some time 
at UCSD. 

, Lumumba-Zapata Proposal Initiated 
It was sometime in January of last year that the idea of an .en-

tire minority-oriented college was conceived. BOC began work on 
drafting a proposal, the result of which was "Patrice Lumumba 
College." Some time after this, at a joint meeting with MAYA 
(now MECHA), the Berkeley coalition of minorities was discussed 
and the idea of a Third World College agreed upon. By the end of 
the winter quarter, BSC/ MA YA had reached an understanding: a 
final draft was finished and entitiled "Lumumba-Zapata College: 
BSC/MAYA demands for the Third College at UCSD. 

This document took the form of a seven page pamphlet, and was 
distributed extensively throughout the campus. When McGill and 
then-Provost Rappaport faced the Blacks and Chicanos in the con-
ference room it was their first exposure to the demands. 

After Angela Davis finished reading the LZ proposal McGill 
indicated that he would liIee to discuss the matter. Azzan Davis of 
BSC replied that they weren't interested in discussing, and that 
they would give McGill a week to reply. 

~ Negotiations With McG ill 
The Blacks and Chicanos evidently wanted to take their demands 

to McGill directly. "We knew he (Rappaport) wasn't the man in 
control and we wanted to take the plan to the man on top," says 
Vince De Baca of MECHA. So, for the next several weeks nego-
tiations were conducted with McGlll, and nothing much was re-
solved. 

McGill met again with BSC/MAYA on March 26. At this time he 
presented a reply to the demands. "You have told me that the de-
mands are non-negotiable, but I do not accept the view that your 
document is aimed at confrontation with the campus faculty and 
administration," he said. "I treat you demands as serious pro-
posals expressing your concerns about Third College and UCSD, 
and 1 shall examine them in that way." 

Tbe reply continued with a statement of McGlll's commitment to 
minorities, but took exception with certain controversial provisions 
of the LZ document, like the preferential admissIons policy. "We 
cannot s imply accede to demands that would put us in violation of 
the law." 

Furthermore, he continued, "the faculty of UCSD and its Chancellor 
do not propose to engage in teaching revolution or in porselytizing 
for an ideology that links capitalism with slavery and genocide." 

In any event it is clear that McGill's reply at the March 26 meet-
ing was not acceptable to BSC/MAYA. Another meeting was set 
up for April 2 when, according to McGill, "the screws were turned 
down on me." The students wanted a yes or no answer from McGill 
for each demand, and he protested. 

I "However ," said McGill, "it seemed that a number of them were 
not anxious to press for yes or no, but for (agreement to) general 
prinCiples. That offered daylight to us." 

McGill agreed to commit his answers to witing and on April 7 
his responses to 20 specifics of the LZ plan were released to the 
two groups. In this response he raised mainly the same objections 
as he had earlier In general terms. 

Murphy Restatement Preslented 
Around this time McGill decided that the LZ document was not 

written in terms that the academic community could understand or 
relate to. George Murphy, at that time Dean of student Affairs, 
volunteered to rephrase the basic principles of the document. Sev-
eral Black and Chicano students assisted Murphy in this effort, 
but were not in total agreement with the end product. 

Although repudiated by BOC/MA YA, the document was presented 
to the Third College PrOVisional Faculty for thuir consideration. 
They replled specifically to each of the lB points, accepting some, 
and rejecting or rephrasing others. 

"The problem was that it was done prematurely," says Murphy, 
, looking back at it all.' "There still had to be some statement of 
positlon in rigid terms balore any movement could come; th& timing 
was wrong." 

BOC/MAYA were quickly coming to loggerheads with the ad-
ministration, and they soon turned their attention to the faculty. 
On April IBth informal meeting with faculty was held in USB 
2622, largely through the efforts of Professors Halpern and Frazier, 

. who were to play a large role in Third College. At this meeting, 
60 to 70 professors engaged in a spirited discussion with Blacks 
and Chicanos concerning their aims for Third College. 

This was in preparation for the Academic Senate meeting of 
April 22, when the matter was brought to the Senate's attention 
tor the first time. 

"In my judgment the students were sweet-talking the faculty and 
hard-lining the administration. 1 wanted it out in tile open so that 
they could understand the administration's position," McGill told 
the Triton Times recently. 

Senate Authorizes New Negotiations 
The end result of the April 22 meeting was tllat the Senate author-

ized the Third College Planning Committee to enter into negotia-
tions with BOC/MA YA represertatives. 

This committee was to report back in one week, at a special meet-
ing of the Division called for May 6. At that meeting Rappaport 
gave a brief progress report on the discussion held between eight 
faculty members and eight BSC/MAYA students. The discussions 
continued until two days before the next special meeting, which was 
to be held May 6. 

"Everyone (faculty members of the Planning Committee had 
their own ideas of how the document should be changed," said 
Ben Chavez of MECHA. Rappaport stated: "We were getting no-
where, largely because the Third College faculty was Imbued with 
our own plan and approached the matter from the view of mod-
ification of our own plan ... 

However, at the May 6 meeting Rappaport did present the results 
of the discussion in the form of a resolution designed to incorporate 
some of the main principles of the BOC/MA YA demands into the 
Third College Aacademic plan. ) 

Several Blacks and Chicanos attended the May 6 meeting. Vince 
De Baca recalls that "the objection of the Senate was that they felt 
Rappaport had overstepped his authority and that it was not in his 
powers to give in to BSC/MAYA. 

The debate over the Rappaport resolution dragged on for hours. 
Talk centered around several of the controversial portions of 
Rappaport's resolution. 

The Senate recessed for 24 hours, and the debate raged again when 
the reconvened the next day. Finally, Azzan Davis, acting as one 
of the spokesmen for the students, rose to speak. He claimed that 
Rappaport had misled them concerning the nature of the Senate. 
He referred to "all the sllly little games that you men with Ph.D.'s 
play." and threatened a walkout if some action was not taken. 

Spring Quarter, 68 

Fall Quarter, 68 

December. 68 

January, 69 

February, 69 

March 14 

March 26 

April 2 

April 7 

April 14 

April i5 

April 18 

April 22 

April 29 

May 6 

May 7 

May 

May 28 

Mid-june to 
August I 

July I 

August I 

October I 

October 14 

November 25 

December 8 

. 
. 

Invitation to BSC/ MA Y A to participate in 
Third College committees. 

BSC/MAYA partic!patlon on one suchcomml-
ttee. 

Rappaport contacts Blanco, Watson. and Lowe 
lor minority Input Into Thlrd College. 

BSC/MA YA discuss Idea 01 a new Third 
College proposal. 

Final draft of Lumumba-Zapata demands fi-
nished Just a few weeks before the quarter' s 
end. 

Flrsl meeting with McGill, Rappaport; La-
mumba-Zapala demands read. 

Second meeting with MeGUl; Chancellor· s 
reply Is presented. 

Third meeting with Me GUI; heated discussion. 

McGUl's written reply to speclIlc Lamumba-
Zapata deman:ls is released. 

Rally In plaza; picketing of Chancellor's 01-
IIce-·two weeks notLce given. 

Third College provisional laculty considers 
Murphy restatement and makes speclIlc re-
plies. 

Wormal meeting with faculty, BSC/MAYA 
In USB Z622 to discuss goals for Lumumba-
Zapata. 

ACAOn UC SENATE REGULAR MEETING; 
statement by Chancellor; resolution initiating 
new lItscuss lons between Third College and 
BSC/' IAYA. 

Academic Senate--specIa1 meeting; short re-
port from Rappaport, Frazier resoLution. 

Acadtlmlc Senate--speclal meeting; Ra-
ppaport presents resolution wltlcb Is result 
01 meetings between faculty and stUdents. 

Acadtlmlc Senate--speclal meeting; BSC/ 
MA YA walk out; Registrar takeover, Varon 
resolution passed. 

ThIr1l College /acuity reconstituted. 

Academic Senate--regular meeting; general 
go-ahead given to Idea 01 Lumumba-Zapata, 
summer study groups approved. 

Provilional faculty and BSC/MA Y A students 
work on academic plan Ln various subcom ml-
!tees. 

Fraz r appointed as acllng provost. 

First draft 01 academic plan. 

Second draft of academic plan. 

CEP (Committee on Educational PoUey) re-
celVBI dralt 01 academic plan. 

Academic Senate--regular meeting; possible 
initial discussion of the Lumumba-Zapata 
academic plan. 

Acadtmlc Senate--speclal meeting to con-
sider IIld comprehensively discuss the aca-
demic Plan. 

This walkout did in fact take place a short time later. After some 
discussion in the plaza concerning tactics, Blacks and Chicanos, 
with some white supporters, broke into the Registrar's Office on 
Matthews campus. The approximately 50 students ended their oc-
cupation an hour and a haU later when informed that the Senate 
had passed the Varon I resolution, which was to dramatically change 
the direction of Third College. 

The 'Varon resolution provided for a reconstitution of the faculty 
Of. Thi.rd College so that those with a commitment and interest in 
mInorIty education could be included. It also provided for extensive 
student participation in the pla/Uling of the college. 

In effect, Rappaport and his group were now out of the picture. 
~CGill, who supported the action taken, explained It as follows: 

1 did it l:acause I saw the Third College Planning Committee as 
hopelessly divided, and saw that the general sentiment of the Senate 
was for a Third World College. [ realized he (Rappaport) was mis-
treated, but didn't see any alternative. The LZ demands were being 
subtly transformed into the idealistic movement of students and 
faculty that we see now." 

Vice-Chancellor Murphy explained the reasons behind the take-
over of the Registrar's Office to newsmen at the time. "It was 
prooo.bly because of a deeply-felt sense of frustration that resulted 
from what appeared to the,? to be a parliamentary game." 

Registrar Takeover ' not Premeditated 
The takeover, a spur-of-the- moment decision according to some 

partiCipants, hadn't been discussed at great length beforehand. How-
ever, BOC/MAYA met at great length, sometimes for as long as 
eight hours a night, during the entire period ot Senate negotiations. 

"We walked out because we were doing the best we could and we 
couldn't take it anymore," said De Baca. According to one spokes-
man, "we allowed the rational, more administraUve-minded--the 
politicians--to do their thing, but witbout much success." In ref-
erence to the Registrar occupation, De Baca stated that "we were 
prepared to stay as long as it took to get what we wanted." 

The decision to leave, it appears, was not a unanimous one. The 
next dav BOC/MAYA released a statement giving qualified support 
to the Varon resolution. "It should be understood that the passing 
of the resolution has been a significant advance, but we still do not 
have Lumumoo.-Zapata College," it read. 

But from that point on the progress towards fulfilling LZ goals 
and working with the faculty was smoother. After the Varon res-
olution tensions were considerably lessened. Although Third College 
activity was temporarUy suspended because of the UCSD strike con-
cerning People's Park, the Senate met again on May 28 and essen-
tiall autho.rized the concept of Third College as a Third World College. 

A summer study program was proposed whereby BSC/ MAYA 
students would be retained with salary to work on the academic Dian of 
the college. Tile Chancellor was asked to fund the program and he 
readily agreed. Over the summer 10 students were paid (at the rate 
of three dollers per hour) out ot Third College Planning funds. 

Deadline Met for Academic Plan 
Some of the students participating in this endeavor were not quite 

so optimistic at the beginning of the summer. Sidney Glass, a black 
student . who transferred to UCSD late last spring, has been very 
much involved in the planning effort. "The Chancellor and a large 
majority of the Academic Senate plunked the whole thing in our 
laps, expecting us to fail; tbey gave us an incredible deadline," 
said Glass. 

The deadline was August first, and in fact it was met. " [ think 
we fooled them," said Glass. "The plan has a lot higher quality 
than they thought there would be." The draft of the academic plan 
completed at that time was the result of the work of numerous sub-
committees dealing with various areas of the college. Althougb the 
Senate had provided some formal structure, in actuality student and 
faculty participation throughout the summer was ad hoc in nature. 

A second draft of the document was completed on the first of October. 
This has since been submitted to the Committee on Educational 
Policy of the Senate, which is currently debating its merits. 

The other significant change in Third College which occurred 
since last Spring concerns the Provost. Although Rappaport stayed 
on for some time atter his faculty had been reconstituted, be came 
to an understanding with the Chancellor in June that he was anxious 
to resign. Rappaport realized that the college that was developing 
was not the college Ile had envisioned originally. 

Rappaport was replaced on July first by Dr. William Frazier, 
Professor of History. Frazier, who had previously been head of the 
faculty Executive Committee for Third College, is now serving in 
an acting capacity. He acknowledges, as do most others involved 
in Third College, that the provost must ultlmately be of minority 
backgroWld, and a search committee is currently trying to find tbe 
right person. 

A Meeting of the Minds 
So, it is protablyvalId to say that in eight months the rough edges 

have been smoothed over. The faculty has been able to work with 
students in producing an academic plan with which both are fairly 
comfortable. 

"The faculty were afraid of radical rhetoric and black and brown 
student control of the college," said Dr. Gabriel Jackson, currently 
chairman of the Academic Senate. "There is certainly some residual 
suspiCion," he continued, "but most would say that the real work 
done over this sum mer shows real cooperation and that the fears 
of last spring were greatly exaggerated." 

The greatest question that presents itself currently is whether the 
apparent cairn that now exists is realor merely superficial. Although 
many of the principles of the original Lumumoo.-Zapata demands 
have been Incorporated into the academic plan, the tone of the original 
demands implied that Blacks and Chicanos were not going to settle 
for very much less than they had asked for. 

The current attitude of BOC/MECHA can perhaps best be summarized 
in the followinr statement made by one member: «The rhetoric 
was watered down, but the Intentlon, the determination and the 
miIttancy, is the same if not more." ' 

fashion is 
our 

• 

MISSION VALLEY. GROSSMONT 

THANKSGIVING DINNER 
SERVED FROM NOON TO 9 :00 P.M. 
Fresh Fruit Cocktail 

Smoked Salmon 
Marinated Herring 

Chopped Chicken Liver 
Fruit Juice 
Relish Tray 

French Onion Soup au Gratin 
Cream of Chicken a la Rl'ine 

or 
Tossed Green Salad 

Roast Tom Turkey, Chestnut Dressing 
Giblet Gravy Cranberry Sauce 

8.95 
Virginia Baked Ham 

9.95 
Roast Prime Rib of Beef au Jus 

Yorkshire Pudding 
5.50 

Petit Filet Mignon, Onion Rings 
5.85 

Broiled Catalina Swordfish 
Caper Butter, Lemon Sauce 

4.45 
Candied Sweet Potatoes Snowflake Potatoes 

Baked Banana Squash 
Green Peas with Mushrooms 

DESSERTS 
Pumpkin Pie Hot Mince Pie, Brandy Sauce 

Ice Cream 
Fruit Jel.lo, Whipped Cream 

BEVERAGES 
Coffee Tea or Milk 

BUFFET 
SERVED IN THE VILLAGE 

CELLAR FROM NOON 'TIL 9 :00 P.M. 

Turkey or Virginia Baked Hllm 
8.50 

(Children's Plat ~.;tb ) 

~etcLJl\~~ 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE AT INTERSTATE 5 

FOR RESERVATIONS CALL 453-5500 



New 
Academic 
Plan 
Analyzed 
by Clay A ..... rson 
Senior Writer 

j' • • I 'j' 
.. -. ' , ~ 

The proposal contmues by describing the type of people 
it wants to educate a,nd send aa.ck to the minority com-
munities: "Leadership demands a firm sense of identity 
and self-respect ••• leadership and public service depend 
on the ability to express information and insights clearly 
and effectively ... leadership also requires individuals with 
well rounded information and high technical expertise .... ·' 
Non-Western Cultures and Notions 

From the educational philosophy the proposal im-
mediately moves to its general educational programs. 
Primarily the program deals with the first two years 
of study and describes a course lead which averages 
three courses per quarter. The undergraduate require-
ments are built around four courses of study: Third 
World studies, Communication Arts, Science and Tech-
nology, and Urban and Rural Development. 

Each of these headings represents a group of courses, 
which are usually further divided into first and second-
year courses. Thus Third World Studies has a first 

Described by Chancellor McGill as a "quiet revolu- year core course called "Introduction to the Third 
tion," the Third College Academic Plan has now come World." The proposal states: "A three-quarter core 
before the Academic Senate for approval. The 32- course, "Introduction to the Third World," will be 
page booklet, bound in orange cardboard, is the pro- required of all freshmen. This course will seek to 
duct of months of confrontation, discussion, and planning. provide the student with both information about and 
It has gone through three distinct stages--Armin Rap- understanding of non-western cultures and notions." 
paport's plan of last Fall, the Black students' Council Following the first-year course, the Third World 
and MAYA's Lumumba-Zapata demands of last Spring, . Studies calls for either a second year Black American 
and the present document of this summer's work by . History and Cultural Sequence or a Chicano Studies 
the Third College's Board of Directors. . Sequence. Each sequence involves three-quarter courses. 

The origins of the plan are dealt with in articles : The structure of the Third World Studies is analogous 
on pages 3 and 4-5. In this article a necessarily brief I to each of the other sequences, except that none of them 
description of the unique aspects of the document will are divided into Chicano or Black sections during the 
be presented. As of this issue, the final draft of the I second year and some involve more courses than others. 
Academic Plan has not yet been published. The draft I Of special interest among these undergraduate courses 
of the plan used in this discussion is the copy the Com- is the Science and Technology sequence. UCSD students 
mittee on Educational PoUcy has used to consider Third who have studied physics or chemistry from the basic 
College's proposals. _ principles upward will be surprised to learn that for 

A Challenge to H,'gher E.luca tion Third College students " the traditional approach of logical U, development from abstract principles will be replaced 
Within the polished, crisp prose of the plan lies by a topical approach. The topical method starts from 

a trio of proposals challenging the form, as well as objects or ideas which are familiar to the students and 
the substance, of higher education today. leads to investigation of the processes and principles 

In the place of such traditional disciplines as math, , on which they are based. , . 
history, and physics has come an interdepartmental In addition, both the Urban and Rural Development 
approach aimed at both the undergraduate cour se strur- sequence and the Communication Arts sequence promise 
ture and the concept of a major field of concentration. to incorporate history, SOCiology, creative writing, and 
Third College undergraduates will sample mixtures of the study of literature into the interdepartmental smor-
history, philosophy, economiCS, and sociology in courses gasbord mentioned earlier. 
dealing with Third World studies, Urban and Rural 
Development, and Communication Arts. Emphasizing tbe Interdisciplinary 

Students will also be able to choose their major In dealing with the question of what majors to offer. 
from such interdepartmental fields of study as Health the proposal states: " The college will develop majors 
Sciences, Urban and Rural Planning and Development, in areas reiated to the aims of the overall program, 
and Third World Studies. Third College, while not in order to bring about an understanding of minority 
completely abandoning the departmental concept, has and non-western cultures , and in order to enable students 
certainly led in its re-evaluation. to participate In the solution of pressing social problems. 

Third College is also challenging the accepted forms The college will emphasize interdepartmental majors 
of college recruitment. No longer content merely to and will attempt to keep its programs flexible enough 
let minority students stagger out of the ghettos and so that they can easily be adapted to new needs and 
barrios then shuflle bewilderedly into the university, interests." 
the Third College planners have created recruitment In line with this policy the following Interdepartmental 
programs designed to encourage minority students to majors have been created: Third World Studies; Urban 
attend college. The heart of the program will be the and Rural Development; Health Sciences; Communication 
high school counseling program directed by Third Col- Arts; Information Processing and Computer Techniques. 
lege students, but what underlies the recruitment policy Additional interdepartmental majors are being created 
itself is the belief that a university must serve the in Literature, Social Sciences, Pre-Law and Environ-
entire society rather than simply those segments in I mental Design and Engineering. 
which it is reflected. The Third World Studies Major can be studied as an 

Coupled with the shift in recruitment policy is a proposal example of the type of courses and manner of organi-
to vary the University of California 's admission policy. zation to be found at Third College. The main areas 
Aimed at compensating for the academic inequalities of concentration for this major are Chicano Studies, 
inherent in many minority school systems, the proposal Black studies, Latin America, Africa, Asia, American 
would allow non-academic evaluations, based on inter- Indian, Micronesian Studies, and Comparative Third 
views and letters of recommendation to offset scholastic World History and Institutions. The major sequence 
deficiencies. also requires reading competency in a foreign language 

Within these three general areas, of course, lies by the senior year, a junior-senior thesis dealing with 
a wealth of specUic recommendations. a specific problem in an area of concentration, and the 

In its opening statement the proposal Links the pre- completion of two of the following courses: Economic 
vailing mood of social chaos within the country to the Development, Colonialism and Imperialism Politics of 
academic institutions. It states: The University, we Liberation, or Techniques of Comparati~e Analysis. 
believe, must accept the responsibility of alleviating The second type of major involves the standard de-
these problems through its role in education ... To meet partmental major, with all of UCSD's major available 
this special responsibility, we have planned a college !? Third College students. The plan adds, however, 
dedicated to the education of large numbers of minority I Where appr opriate, departments may develop speclal 
youth who possess the will and the potential to become courses or other modifications of their programs in 
leading citizens within their own communities •• ." response to Third Colle£e needs." Malors tailOrM to 

College 3'5 Plan s Compared 
A~~mk< ~lr'I'''fli. Happa&M.lrt "II" lumumt..Zlpala IlIm.lJ1d1 
To Cn,ll$lt 110 ~r 36 rtv._ullll ~llr_l. Net ",*,Ift.a 
Dtpt.rtmtM AotllropalUl)'i API.'., blok,,,.. t:r."mWrJ'. et"OfIOmk_; fllAlM" """r, ... ptldJea 01 r ..ol\/-

hl.atory of 011 'rh, liIuahrt, I&IHI, pbl .... OJihyi pIlr'~u, hons, t(!u.om.k" .,m".;IK"Monce pollll.cal.:iI"'I, .x: .... 1 ... ~S. w'IoIOC. • nd trc"'qy; _lib edent .. 
and pvbUr '*Itht It tbanand tunl 
dI.,.k)ptQtnij eon'IlI"UDutlOu 

r----. ' 
art.; tor.. lI.acuaru, (IIttun.1 
M r lu.p, whJt. dlldl .. 

Br.utb History, J() unit. pldloacf>bY, 5 Il/IU'i tltdlq ud wrltllll, f'Iot IJ*'UiId. 
RlIQ\llrelMn 10 '1I1t:J; p:tal It ,,1)('. II) 1ln1U; IIIlb amI raWrtltt:»nct. 

20 ,mlta. 

" f---
~-~ About 2000, 300 IturLne: tilt 111M ,..,. 
!'am,ulo.. I fttrrullm.U 01 dlMldnntapd. 5I'kr InlnulC (durUli 'leb 15\ Blat' aad "' Rt(lwn. ~on--

a(bool).t UCSl.>. (f Ol 01 .ClmllllGn1 by COllmllt .. 
of minor lt, Itlldttlt'i UC reqlJ lr.-
m .... ~btft:tLIII· 

~,..rtIlIl('t OOInt' IOd tOWftltpeople to IOta fll.ltr u ."LArs til pr~ Boa.rd Of Dlram,Uj nl. OQ bir-
f'Q1tt; Pf'fMWt'. Coulttli "Uh La JoI ...... Il/Jd Sln 0.111. inI tJI .d&1flfnp.); 1 ... -8oIr1 d s."irJr rillow.; facllltr IIMm r.lA r .. t.,. 11111. dlnta lleeted br I lulimi bod, ... II IUIlr ,..,.1d.1 .. ,. to Il1Gn • IUaUy; CMII 1ae"lIyr tp r ... ntlU", 

.lKI«I bJ eol .... Utaliy; 8oI.trJ 

... nntl w41i.C1 'lit (hOlel at 
Pr'OWIIIt. pro\lWt ea_ be r«,-,-11.d 
b, Boar d, PftI"I'OIC KlJ ••• 

mla"'lnU~. 1184, bltdiet ror col-
.... 1I,.U.ttd a'-d Of Dlhtr tol-
""" ....,., budctlli cu be ,.. ~"wtd b, o-td. 

rttuwtu,. w.. Ur _"XJIt, ttl_ t~ r ....... II' c .. relItl~' to-
....Icalt<'AlrruayLt.&ud 

...... ~ lN~kUA", ."IDI t(l ,,-'111. aM I'OHI for a~"ta, pkllftlftC aDd .... , coaulwt .. , Ie •• ",. •• part ..... , llil"'w" IIIlll., 
.1,..,1I0Il rrn. I\I.,rll , ~ 

-...n'*'Clialllc ...... t aM c.lIt"'r pc.ool, •• U-
.... 11': bJadI; IItIid by ... Iootlt, 

I r ..... CIOIIt1r1-.... I~r.~tllftI .,.-_ta .. II tlMl'klallMtH .... 1(wl. 
o.rurnlfuly PrUyQld'. t......-U. ftMOwm.tnr, h, pI'IIa'ttbt~1 ", .. W, Rt< r wltmtJlt fit .... ot .. co .... 

PlTU' u-tm -'Uo,,"u .... b .·Ifl· • MaJ'r In l'O.ml'bil,. U .ppr~LI" ,"~ .. Hr b7 at""l. &lid ... , ~~ ~·::.!tkJI-;,":o!nn!~;r;. !;~::tat~ ,,, co. Ifttmbl,. til f»1~. 

, •••• Trito" n", .. , N,v. 21, 1'-11 

Third College bave been worked out for Biology, Che-
mistry. Math, Philosophy, and Sociology, and discussions 
are proceeding with other departments. 

Background, Moti".tion, P.rsistence 
"GAA::' GPA or SAT .. BMPAotRA/3+3. This cry-

ptic, uninformative .identityrepresents the human equation 
which is being established to screen Third College 
applicants. In the words of the plan: • 'In view of the 
fact that background, interests and motivations to enter ... 
into careers dedicated to the aIleviatlon and resolution 
of the urbln and minority crises ••. are characteristics 
not measured by the present admissions criteria; and 
in view of the fact that the present admissions criteria 
are not the only useful predictors of success in college, 
particularly for students of minority or lower income 
backgrounds. it is therefore recommended that the 
San Diego campus be permitted, on an experimental 
basis, tor a period of seven years, to admit student 
applicants by using additional admissions criteria." 

The symbols used in tM-recommendedequatIon stand 
for the following: 

1) GAA: General Admissions Average (3.0 or higher) 
2) GPA: Grade Point Average 
3) SAT: The Scholastic Aptitude Test's verbal and 

Mathematical scores combined and converted by a for-
mula which changes a score of 1100 to 3.0. 

4) BMPA: a Background, Motivation, and Persis-
tence Average ranging from 0 to 4.0, to be arrived 
at through interviews with the prospective student. 

5) RA: Through careful and somewhat wider use 
of letters of reference both the intellectual and non-
intellectual features of other p!.rts of the formula will 
be supplemented. A minimum of four letters will 
be required. The letter writer will be asked to sum-
marize his assessment of the applicant in quantative 
terms which will then be converted to a 0 to 4.0 scale. 

Admissions Redefined 
To give force to their arguments, the Third College 

planners cite several research studies on higher edu-
cation. The author of "Pressures and Practices in 
College Admissions," B. Bla1, makes on of the more 
forceful statements in writing that there is a "need 
for colleges to carefully define their objectives and to 
place the admissions function in the service of those 
goals .. To accomplish this task, a college must have 
a statement of goals in plain language (and) a trans-
lation of such goals into ;>ractical admissions criteria." 

In two sections dealing with recruitment, the Black 
and Chincano students present their seperate but quite 
similar plans. Both plans justify the need for active 
recruitment by noting "the low level of motivation of 
minority students," " the general lack of information 
about college," " the low regard for education," and that 
" an overwhelming number of Chicano students are fun-
neled into non-college prep courses." 

The counseling programs are bothbased on the "peer 
group motivational" technique: As the BSC proposal 
states : "The ... program is based on the premise 
that peer group motivational counseling can be far more 
effective than the traditional adult-to-child, white-to-
black mode of counseling. They (Black students) will 
return to those schools to work with students one to 
three years younger, who face exactly the same problems 
that the college students faced, and who come from 
basically similar socia-economic backgrounds. The 
college students will serve as models for the secondary 
school students. They will symbolize what the younger 
students could be. should they strongly desire it. The 
high school students will be able to identify easily with 
the college students." 

The methods through which the BSC and MECHA will 
conduct these programs are quite similar and are ex-
pressed quite clearly in the MECHA report; We 
will visit each of the key high schools, those high schools 
with a substantial number of Chicano students, at least 
four times a year ... Our recruitment program will 
be geared to cover the San Diego and Imperial Valley 
counties ... During the last three months of the academic 
school year we wlll also visit the junior high schools 
in order to counsel the ninth grade students into a valid 

colle~ DreD Dr02J'am." 

Thi rd COlli" Ac.adiun le Plu 

.... 

lftttr41ptrt r.entaldept.rtlDfftt.; Third World StIM:Ua., urbaa .. 
runl dtvalOpmMt , he. ltb E»rIr4, eommUDbtlOCll rU. APlSi 
Iattro.partmtntll planlllld. lit. nlu .... UJd ~Jely. IDCIII « I .. 
111(11, pra.law, •• Ironmtnlalltt.lp and .lrtneerlaC 

Thlrd Wor ld Stwdil •• lZ Will.; urtJul Ud " ral . .. klpmtfJl 
U: Imltt: eommWlleatwn tN. t2 1II11t.; .c"nu aDd lec~ 
IIJ(J, 16 units. 

No eillllp fro. R,,,.UI am Muir, IW dUrllll ftr .. ,.u. 

GlAtnJ AdmLukllll Ayen l' d S.O or hiChtr ; Inc I", bleb 
..Il001 CPA or &AT 8\:o r., 8 1otPA. (J3aa rrouoa MOUYltlGn 
and P.rll ... net "'qnp), ,.lbtI'ed lroll Int.n .... , lettlr~ 
of rdn.c..: .. vtft.,u r upulme_t rot t'" Ion_,," tor act-
I'Iluklu. 

Bou d at Dtntto,. W1lb ItIrM s lUdGu and Ibr.e fanltr 
ad,laor y to ptO'fOl1, orpalul lon ttrllp)rlry WIlli n111en 
optal,.. byl... 10 bit IAlfO"'Id 1:1, mtfl'lbtra 01 con . ... 

. 

OtQp AU4 dtfr 11.11, Ind klltd: .lIer l., tIlDtJW:k.,., and 
«18" .... 1108 pr tlt t r«i, ."rrna. Ind •• N.r rt.d a .... 
,.,.lIH' ..... for _bU."1I dorm .... 

COll'lfttWlJt, .. h.Uitf etflltr. 111 a..n OMlQj COWlItlt/lf lit-
lor lll, Ue ivetlll, lIl . ""kIR _ ......... U.b .. OII apUt .... ~:'IIrtr . 
='I~ '::~ ... ' rtC nlU. .., ...... alld lk. tt, oI 

NEWS ANALYSIS 

lodav's 
Efforts 
Result 
From 
Men. 
Emotion j 
Power 
T_ au. 
Future Editor 
Once upon a time, the Third \ 

College plans had been very neat-
ly established in an orderly, aca-
demic fashion. The duly constitu-
ted authorities had drawn upaae-
tailed master plan for a liberal 
arts college. But forces and e-
vents soon destroyed these plans 
althogether. 

In their place, one of the most 
important experiments in modern 
education has arisen. However, 
this happy result was not achieved 
in the legendary styoe of rational 
diescussion among people of good 
wIll. 

It was instead born of a com-
plex mix of personality, emotion, 
and raw power which often over-
shadowed the rationality. And. to 
a degree, its future still rests 
upon these same forces. 

When BSC/MAYA Cirstannoun-
ced their demands for Third Col-
lege, it seems that personalities 
dominated events. The figure of 
the Chancellor is the key to the 
initial reactlon to their demands. 

In his first term as Chancellor, 
McGill was not used to handllng 
such explosive situations; infact, 
the whole academic community 
of UCSD had been somewhat shel-
tered from confrontation politics. 
So, as events unfolded many mis-
understanding were created by 
the actions of McGlU and others. 

Minority students were coming 
face-to-face with an adminls'tra-
tive bureaucracy hard to compre-
hend at best, and the reluctance 
with which the academic estab-
lishment reacted to their inputs 
could only be interpreted by them 
as insincerity. 

Suspicions were furthered by 
McG1ll's inaguration speech, with 
his "intellectual sandbox" state-
ment. The two days of Senate 
meetings, featuring a most incre-
dible parllamentary game, only 
furthered suspicions that a white 
liberal community was once again 
trying to co-opt them or pacUy 
them. 

In the intervening months those 
most sympathetic to the Third 
World College idea have been 
allowed to play the largest role 
in developing the college. Most 
parties involved in Third College 
express cautious optimism. As 
far as the Chancellor goes, an 
"uneasy truce" seems to be in 
effect. 

However, upon the maintenance 
of the truce, much depends. I1the 
antagonisms break out anew, Mc-
Gill will be In a seriously-weak-
ened position when he takes the 
plan before the Regents. Further, 
it is likely that his own wlU to 
gain its approval will disappear. 
At the moment, McG1ll seems to 
be pleased with the plan. He has 
further indicated that he does not 
expect a great deal of OPPOSition 
from the Board of Regents, except 
possibly over the admissions po-
licy. Similarly, BSC/MECHA are 
satisfied with the present state of 
their plan. 

What could cause a new out-
break oC anger is the possiblity 

This "patch" 

identifies 

that the faculty Committee onEd-
ucational Policy, or the Academic 
Senate may balk over certain pro-
visions in the plan. A number of 
faculty members have reserva-
tions about the scheme whereby 
new departments would be estab-
lished. At the open meetings of 
the C EP, several professors were 
highly critical of this provision. 
Others expressed concern over 
the lack of precise knowledge in 
many of the proposed fields of stu-
dy. It was also reported thatcer-
tain factions within the Senate 
were afraid that passage of the 
Third College plan would consid-
erably reduce their own budgets. 
These fears may add up to some 
serious opposition by the faculty. 

In that event, the unity among 
students, admisistration, and fa-
culty which has led to the progress 
made thus far will vanish. The 
plan would conceivably be sent 
back to the CEP or the Third Col-
lege PlanningCommittee. The de-
lay thus caused would probably 
foment the same anger and fear 
which caused such an impasse 
last spring. It is conceivable that 
this would lead to defeat at the 

hand~ of either the faculty or the 
Regents. Much depends upon the 
coming meeting of the Academic 
Senate at the end of this quarter. 

The black and brown students 
are at the moment cautiously op-
timistic about their chances for 
success at the Senate meeting. A 
full summer of extensive planning 
by students and members of the 
reconstituted Third College Plan-
ning Committee led to what most 
observers feel to be the best plan 
for a "Third World College" yet 
developed in the United States. 
Many other universities are now 
studying the plan and considering 
its adoption. The summer also 
witnessed a close cooperation be-
tween faculty, students, and admi-
nistration. 

Thus, for the moment the con-
frontation tactics and the revolu-
tionary terminology have veen 
dropped. However, this does not 

the world's best 
beer drinkers! 

367-CI 

ANHEUSER·BUSCH, INC .• ST. lOUIS 
For a free reprint of this ad (suitable for framing) 

without advertising 
write: Bud Man Label, 721 . Pestaloni Street, St. louis, Mo. 63118 

indicate a fundamental change in 
attitude. As Sidney Glass of BSC 
stated, "The rhetoric was wa-
tend down, but the intention, the 
determination, and the militancy 
are the same, if not more. We 
have really been trying to play 
the game--to go through legiti-
mate channels; and have exhaus-
ted, or used up these legitimate 
channels. If Third College comes 
into being it won't bea victoryfor 
legitimate channels--it will be a ' 
victory for fear." If the coope-
rative is drowned by a recalci-
trant faculty, there seems to be 
little doubt that the ultimate fate 
of Third College may rest on a 
contest involving power, and p0-
wer alone. However, at the mo-
ment nobody seems to be looking 
forward to that. 

Assuming that the faculty will 
pass the plan with no serious mo-
difications, the final stage of ne-

. gotiaUons will begin. The Board 

. of Regents is of cour se a deeply 
conservative group of people, 
most of whom are powerful oos-
inessmen. Many of them are appo-
intees of the present Governor. 
There are only three members 
who can definitely be considered 
Uberal. Furthermore, the Gover-
nor makes great political capital 
by continually slapping down black 
brown and white students, and 
nearly all attempts to reform the 
Universiy. 

The year-long furor at Berke-
ley last year was started by his 
feud with those students and pro-
fessors who were trying to ini-
tiate a Third World studies pro-
gram. His opposition eventually 
led to tear gas, National Guards-
men, the People's Park, and o-
ther landmarks in the history of 

, higher education. Despite all this, 

he may not oppose Third College. 
Reagan will not venture when he 
fears he may lose. There are e-
nough Regents who visited UCSD 
this quarter who were impressed 
with the plan to scare him off. 
In other words, if John Canaday 
and Glenn Campbell can support 
the plan, so can the overwhelming 
majority of the Board. Ifand when 
Reagan walks into the meeting, 
there is already a sizeable bloc 
of Regents who support the pro-
posal, he may well decline to in-
tervene. He does not like to look 
like a loser publicly. 

There is only one foreseeable 
circumstance tilllt would enable 
Reagan to cow the Regents into 
defeating the Plan. Reagan was a-
ble to control Berkeley for so 
long last year because of the dis-
orders during the TWLF strike. 
If similar discord breaks out at 
UCSD, he will have a perfect is-
sue. Quickly stepping in front of 
a television camera, he will ra il 
about law and order, -The poin. 
to be made is that Third College 
will be defeated only if it becomes 
a political issue, and it seems 
that only some sort of disorder 
at UCSD could cause that. Beware 
the porvacateur. 

Chancellor McGill called the 
Third College experiment the _ 
"Quiet ReVOlution." All segments 
of the academic community do a-
gree that the changes in the Uni-
versity's approach to the educa-
tion of minority-group students 
as embodied in the present plan 
will indeed be revolutionized. The 
reforms will not be token. Indeed, 
no one among the faculty or ad-
ministration will guarantee the 
success of the plan. But, as Mc-
Gill said, " ... the important thing 
at present is to give it a try." 

We set the scene, 
the choice is yours. 

Clarks 
Desert Boot 

The original by Clarks of England. one 
of the best selling casuals of all time . 
Rugged brushed leather uppers , with 
genuine crepe soles. In sand shag . 15.95. 

Every style on open di play. 

FLORSHEIM 
SHOE SHOP 

TriIIMt Tim. , Nft.2 •• 1989 PI .. 7 



From CE to Regents-
What are the Chances? 

that the Chancellor would send 
anything to University Hall which 
did not have a good chance of re-
ceiving Hitch's approval. 

From the President's office, 
Third College will go to the UC 
Board of Regents Committee on 
Educational Policy. Members of 
this committee include Regents 
Heller, Boyd, Pauley, Carter, 
Roth, Coblentz, Campbell, Smith, 
and Watkins. 

Regent Jom Canaday, one of the 
most respected conservatives on 
the board, stated during a visit to 
UCSD earlier this month, " I am 
very pleased with the thorough-
ness with which the Third Col-
lege has been plaMed. As an ex-
periment, student participation is 
good, as long as it does not be-
come dominating." 

the most approprIate time for 
submission of the plan to the Re-
gents. 

Once Third College becomes a 
technical reality, the problem be-
comes making the college a phy-
sical reality. Budget constraints, 
especially in the capital outlay 
funds of the University, may re-
tard actual construction of the 
Third College 's campus. 

by Tam Shepard 
Edue.tion Writer 

The question now on the minds 
of everyone interested in the 
Third College is, " Will the Aca-
demic plan be approved and im-
plemented?" 

In order to judge the chances 
of the plan's successful adop-
tion, one must understand the 
approval mechanism through 
which the plan must pass. 

The Third College Planning 
Committee submitted the propo-
sed Academic Plan to the facul-
ty Committee on Educational Po-
licy (CEP), which is chair maned 
by Dr. Frank Halpern. For the 
last several weeks, the CEP has 
been carefully studying the plan, 
and taking pro and con testimony 
f rom inter ested members of the 
Unive r sity community. The CEP 
will forward the Academic plan, 
with recommendations and com-
ments to the faculty Senate at a 
special meeting on Monday, Dec. , 
8. 

Although several faculty mem-
bers have expr essed concern over 
certain por tions of the plan (with 
questions addressed primarily to 
the perpetuation of professional 
and academic standards, the 
broadness of some described 
areas of study, and the preser-
vation of traditional teacher- stu-
dent relationships ), it is likely 
that the Academic Plan will be 
approved by the San Diego Divi-
sion of the Academic Senate with-
out substantial change. 

The Academic Senate version 
of the Third College Academic 
Plan will then be forwarded to 
Chancellor William W cGill for 
approval. The Chancellor has al-
ready indicated that he is in fun-
damental agreement with the plan. 
McGill has, however, expressed 
concern over certain aspects of 
theplan. One of his most serious 
concerns is over the admissions 
variances implied in the alterna-
tive ability evaluation criteria 
(the BMPA) described in the plan. 

Despite McGill' s concern, it is 
felt that the vagueness of the plan 
in this area will make his appro-
val possible. Final formation of 
the adm:.ssions variance propo-
sals may result from the delibe-
rations of the state- wide Admis-

- ISRAEL -
II week Student Group 
includes 3 weeks in Eur,ope 
and a Mediterranean Crliise 

call Marty: 755-8850 

CHEAP USED BOOKS 
""" in Mission Beach "'" 

REED'S BOOKSTORE 
3785 Ocean Front Walk 

14& 3Jnlln 
~4nrtS 

~urJtrt 
2259 Avenida DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 459 - 34£ 5 

Groceries, 
Produce, 
Meafs, 

Wine & Beer 

sions Com mittee, which will begir. 
considering the proposals after 
approval of the Academic Plan 
by the UCSD faculty. 

After approval by the Chancel-
lor . the Third College plan will 
go to UC President Charles 
Hitch, who must review the pro-
posal befor e submitting it to the 
Regents. Hitch has refused to 
co mment on the plan until it offi-
c ially reaches his desk, but Mc-
Gill 's concerns will probably be 
similar to his, and it is unlikely 

More important than CEP will 
be the full Board of Regent~ con-

During the same visit, DeWitt 
Higgs, chairman of the Board of 
Regents said, " •• .1 am very plea-
sed with the concept of the col-

sideration of the plan. Third Col- I lege." 

Despite the scarcity of con-
struction funds, " ... there is no 
question that there will be a 
Third College next fall with 150 
students." , according to Hitch. 
The funding problem may, how-
ever, result in an extended utili-
zation of the Matthews area as 
the Third College campus. 

lege has not become a political Consideration of the Third Col-
issue at a state-wide level, and it lege Academic Plan by the Re-
has received supportfrom almost gents may come as early as the 
all political factions of the board, February or March meeting. The 
both of which enhance its chances I exact dates will depend on deci-
of passage. sions by McGill and Hitch as to 

... -~ 

*CEILING 
AND 

VISIBILITV 
UNLIMITED 

At Pratt & Whitney Aircraft "ceiling and visibility unlimited" 
is not just an expression. For example, the President of our 
parent corporation joined P&WA only two years after receiv-
ing an engineering degree. The preceding President, now 
Chairman, never worked for any other company. The current 
President of P&WA started in our engineering department 
as an experimenta l engineer and moved up to his present 
position. In fa ct, the majority of our senior officers all have 
one thing in common - degrees in an engineering or 
scientific field. 
To insure CAVU·, we select our engineers and scientists 
carefully. Motivate them wel l. Give them the equipment and 
facilities only a leader can provide. Offer them company·paid, 
graduate education opportunities. Encourage them to push 
into fields that have not been explored before. Keep them 
reaching for a little bit more responsibility than they can 
manage. Reward them well when they do manage it. 
Your degree can be a B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in : MECHANICAL • 
AERONAUTICAL • ELECTRICAL • CHEMICAL • CIVIL • 
MARINE • INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING • PHYSICS • CHEM-
ISTRY • METALLURGY • MATERIALS SCIENCE • CERAM-
ICS • MATHEMATICS • STATISTICS • COMPUTER SCI-
ENCE • ENGINEERING SCIENCE · ENGINEERING MECHANICS. 
Consult your college placement officer - or write Mr. 
William l. Stoner, Engineering Department, Pratt & Whitney 
Aircraft, East Hartford, Connecticut 06108. 

CAVU · might also mean full utilization of your techn ical skills 
through a wide range of challenging programs which include jet 

, engines for {)Ie newest military and commercial aircraft, gas 
turbines for industrial and marine use, rocket engines for space 
programs, fuel cells for space vehicles and terrestrial uses, and 
other advanced systems. 

U 
OIVISION 01' UNITEO i:=iR AI'T COR P O RATI ON Pratt & Whitney Aircraft 

EAST HARTFORD AND MIDDLETOWN, CONNECTICUT 
WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA An (qU 8 ' Oppor1una, Employe, 

Plge 8 Triton Tines, Nov.2l, 1969 


