
SPECIAL EDITION 

Rush to JudgDlent I Marcuse 
The decision of Chancellor McGill to ~extend the courtesy of allowing 

the Regents to review his decision" to r~hire Professor Herbert I 
Marclise has been criticized by several groups as a failure to exercise 
his delegated authority as Chancellor. Some students have charged I 
that McGill has "needlessly surrendered a vital perogative of the 
academic community"in his failure to resolutely present Marcuse' s 
signed contract to the R~gents . I 

Chancellor McGill had several possible alternatives with respect 
to the Question of Marcuse's reappointment. One such alternative 
was to terminate his contract. This approach would have been highly 
satisfactory to the political forces presently in control of the Board 
of Regents. Secondly, McGill could have presented a signed contract 
as part of his announcement on Sunday. This would have essentially 
dared the Regents to reverse his decision. He also could have stated I 
at the press conference that he would resign in the event that his 
deCision was overturned. Such actions would have left McGill open 
to charges of "railroading the decision in defiance of the people of 
California," thereby provoking a violent reaction on the part of the 
Regents. It is highly likely in this case that the Regents would have 
reacted by firing both the Chancellor and Professor Marcuse. 

The results of the action that he did take are that the Regents are 
relatively free from overwhelming pressure and may either ignore 
the Chancellor's invitation to consider his deCision, accept his recom-
mendation, or else reverse the recommendation. In the event that 
his decision is overturned, McGill is ·Ieft with the option of resigning 
in support of the interests of the university, or accepting the Regents' 
deCiSion, at which time we the students will be free to react accordingly. I 
WE THEREFORE RECOMMEND THAT OUR JUDGMENT OF THE 
CHANCELLOR'S ACTIONS BE WITHHELD UNTIL THE REGENTS' 

Rehired 
Chancellor William McGill an-

nounced Sunday his intention to 
rehire Dr. Marcuse for the 69-70 
academic year. He revealed that 
the report of the secret Ad Hoc 
faculty committee of five mem-
bers had, after five months study, 
found Marcuse to be "one of the 
leading philosophers in the world, 
and a teacher of remarkable 
ability. • 

McGill has since come under 
fire from several quarters, and 
the finality of his statement 
seems to still be in doubt. McGill 
said that he has not yet s igned 
Marcuse's contract for he wished 
to extend the Regents the "cour·· 
tesy· of reviewing his decision. 

Several campus groups h:J.ve 
since released statements con-

AS Senate 
Supports McGill 

MEETING THIS FRIDAY, at which time we will be able to evaluate I The following resolution was 
the ultimate wisdom of his policy. 

As has been frequently observed by many eminent historians, the passed by the ASUCSD Senate 
real forces behind any event in society are often hidden from immediate during last Monday's meeting. It 
view. This belief is surely applicable to the present controversy was introduced by AS President 

\ Tom Shepard and passed by a in which it is certain that all the relevant facts have not yet been I t f r t 0 with one 
divulged. In light of this, it seems senseless to act now. Rather we vo e 0 lve 0 zer , 

abstention. 
should wait until such time as we are addressing ourselves to fact s, I 
rather tban mere speculation. 

Stull Wires Congratulations 
Editor's Note: The following is Marcuse, McGill has proven he 
the text of a telegram sent by is unqualified to hold his posi-
Assemblyman John stull to Chan- tion and must take a full share 
cellor McGill and members of ot responsibility for underwriting 
the Board of Regents regarding campus disorder and attempting 
the reappointment of Dr. Mar- to destroy the university system. 
cuse. As it is your duty to preserve 

With the r ehiring of Marcuse, 
UCSD Chancellor William McGill 
has openly placed himself on the 
side of those elements which 
seek to destroy our society and 
turn the University of Califor-
nia into a battleground. 

Marcuse has issued a call to 
arms to all s tudents to engage 
in guerilla warfare and sabotage 
as steps toward a left wing dic-
tator ship. In his support of 

and protect this system I ask 
your immediate dismissal of Wil-
liam McGill as Chancellor of 
UCSD. With this irresponsible 
action, McGill has proven he is 
unfit for th high trllst placed I 
in him. 

John stull, Assemblyman 80th 
District unquote. 

Copies to all Regent, copy 
to Dr. William McGlIl. 

John Stull, Assemblyman 8 " h 
District 

Whereas the Associated u-
dents, University of California, 
San Diego recognizes the polit-
ical pressures which Chancellor 
William McGill re s isted in his 
reappointment of Dr. Herbert 
Marcuse; and 

Whereas Chancellor McGill's 
decision to reappoint Dr. Mar-

. cuse eems to us to be based on 
the strongest possible academic 
grounds; and 

Whereas the Chancellor' d-
cision has resulted in increas <! 
political harassment by indivi-
duals whose inleres ts in the uni-
versity are antithetical to the 
principle of free int \Iectual in-
quiry; 

Therefore be it resolved that 
the ASUCSD, as rep res ntatives 
of th stud nts of the University 
of California, San Di , supports 
Chancellor McGill's d ci ion to 
reappoint Dr. Marcus . 

McGill announces Marcuse deci-
sion at Sunday press conference. 
(Photo by Jeff Benjamin) 

'-------

demning McGill for this delay. 
They also expressed dissatisfac-
tion with McGill's announcement 
that in the future a mandatory 
retirement age would be estab-
lished to avoid further confu-
sion. 

her reaction to the Marcuse 
decision came from Assembly-
man John Stull, who called for 
McGill's dismissal in a telegram 
sent to all the Regents. 

Harry Foster , American 
Legion Judge Advocate, declared 
that his post will watch and 
report Marcuse's every move, 
and would demand that the Le-
gislatUl e cut $25,000 from 
UCSD's budget, the amount of 
Marcuse's salary. Foster ex-
pressed regret that McGill 
"didn't have the stamina to re-
sist student and faculty pres-
sure.· 

Dr. Marcuse released a state-
ment yesterday expressing his 
satisfaction that McGill had made 
his decision on the basis of 
academic merit. He also voiced 
some disappointment in the de-
lay of his formal rehiring, but 
vowed to resist any further pres-
sure brought to bear upon him . 

The Marcuse decision should 
be settled once and for all at 
the Regents' meeting this week. 
McGill does not intend to, nor 
can he , bring the matter up at 
the meeting, but it is almost 
certain that the Regents wUl. 

Fund for this special edition 
of the Triton Ti mes were ap-
propriated by the AS Senate Mon-
day night. The Times will pub-
lish Friday, as usual, with tur-
th r development in th Marcus 
matter. 




