
ruCSjStenilfeactS-l ~JI~!!t~~~!~~~!J 
UCSan Diego 

UCSD is now entering the third 
day of a strike that was called 
by the students in an open as-
sembly Tuesday night. A large 
crowd, numbering about 800, 
crowded into the Revelle Cafe-
teria to discuss the appropriate 
reaction to the situation at Ber-
keley. Atter many speakers and 
speeches the crowd overwhelm-
ingly approved a strike, with 
more substantive demands to be 
formulated later. 

Wednesday night this body met 
again in the Revelle Cafeteria. 
This time the room was even 
more crowded, probably 1000 
persons. After consideration of 
various demands and proposals, 
two demands accompanied by a ' 
preamble were approved. These 
demands called for the withdra-
wal of all National Guard from 
the Berkeley community and of 
all outside police forces from the 
Berkeley campus. 

Wednesday at noon some 2000 
persons assembled in the gymna-
sium at a convocation called and 
chaired jointly by AS President 
Tom Shepard and Chairman of 
the Academic Senate Walter 
Munk. The speakers on the pro-
gram included Chancellor Mc-
Gill, Sheldon Schultz, Linus PauI-

ing, Herbert Marcuse, Angela 
Davis, .and Jeff Benjamin. 

Picketing and rallies ha ve been 
the order of the day in the Re-
velle plaza the last several days. 
By Thursday the teaching pro-
cess had nearly been brought 
to a haIt. Most classes were 
cancelled, half-empty, or wele 
discussing Berkeley and the 
strike. 

The Academic Senate Wednes-
day called for "the immediate 
withdrawal from the Berkeley 
campus off all National Guard 
and off-campus police." They 
also urged their colleagues "to 
devote all regular classes to a 
discussion of the events on the 
Berkeley campus." 

Dean Murphy stated that as long 
as the strike didn't involve co-
ercion or disruption of those 
classes that wished to meet, 
he knew of no violations of uni-
versity regulations. The me-
chanics of the strike are being 
coordinated by a Strike com-
mittee, the composition of which 
is otten in flux. An original 
committee was disbanded yester-
day and replaced by another of 
15 members elected by those pre-
sent in the plaza yesterday after-
noon. 

UC Santa Cruz 
it appears 'certain that Santa Cruz will join in the Monday and 

Tuesday boycott of classes, although there is some confusion con-
cerning the demands that have been agreed upon. The strike Co-
ordinating Committee there issued demands earlier in the week 
( printed in Strike Daily), but later reports indicate that, at a larger 
meeting of the general student body yesterday, new demands were 
formulated. 

A meeting of the Academic Senate is scheduled for Monday to 
discuss the strike. 

UC Davis 
At a rally held on the Davis 

campus yesterday students voted 
to join the university-wide boy-
cott currently scheduled for this 
coming Monday and Tuesday. 
About 2000 students gathered in 
the quad and more than half this 
numl.l'lr joined in a march !h to 
the administration building short-
1y after. 

Chance Hor-designate Meyers, 
who wUl replace the present 
Chancellor, who is leaving in 
July, addressed the students and 
presented proposals that related 
to various Davis issues, such as 
ethnic stUdies prognms, in ad-
dition to expressing their support 
for Berkeley. 

In the dialogue with Meyers : 
that followed his address, he 
finally took a stand' in support 
of the boycott of classe~. H'? 
also agreel1 to send a telegram 
to Chancellor Heyns at Berkeley 
asking that the National Guard be 
pulled out. 

A Steering Committee, consis-
ting of the AS PreSMr!lll, A~J le 
editor, and representatives of 
other campus groups such as 
BSU and SDS, planned yester-
day's rally and will co-ordinate 
.next week's boycott. 

The Legislative Assembly, the 
student governing body, met last 
night to discuss the issue. The 
Davis Academic Senate meets 
today. 

UC Irvine 
On Wednesday students on the Irvine campus wanted to lower the 

flag to half-mast and to have classes called off on Monday. The 
administration declined to grant either, stating, according to AP News 
SerVice, that "only one student was killed in Berkeley." 

The Freedom Fighters and the American Legion threatened to 
come on campus if the flag was lowered; one member did and got 
in a fight with a student. 

At a noon rally yesterday som 500 persons, according to an L.A. 
Times estimate, voted to strike. An official conclave has been called 
by the administration for 10:00 a.m. today. 

UC Santa Barbara 
A rally attended by 1500 to 

2000 students was held on the 
Santa Barbara campus yester 1ay 
momlng. Although no reIn de-
cision was reached, the general 
fee ling of those present seem d to 
be in support of a two day boy-
cott of classes next MondlY and 
Tuesday, and a march into Sant-l 
Bar n,· j, for informational pur-

poses. 
The Chancellor has called for a 

convocation today and has call d 
off classes after 3:00 p.m. H 
has also sent a telegram to U 
President Charles Hitch askinl 
hi In to re move the troops from the 
Berkeley area, and has asked th 
faculty to discuss the tssu s 
in their classes OOay. 

A meeting of the miOOs occurred at Wednesday's 
Convocation as noted Professors Linus Pauling 

May 23, 1969 Volume 7, Issue 8 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 

Eight Receive Year's Probation 
The fate of the eight stu-

dents implicated in the blockade 
of the Marine recruiter on Feb-
ruary 21 w s revealed by Chan-
cellor McGill this week. In a 
letter to each of the students 
the Chancellor announced that he . 
was prepared to accept the 
findings of the Committee on stu-
dent Conduct and their recom-
mendation for discipline. 

Enclosed with the let ~r from 
the Chancellor were copies of 
the report from the Committee on 
student Conduct, a minority re-
port from the Committee chair-
man Dr. George Backus, and a 
letter from one of the sudents 
which qualified his position even 
though he had concurred with the 
majority. 

The majority of the Committee 
found that the eight students 
"were present on the steps ... with 
the intent of blocking the access 
to that building for Captain Stout, 
a Marine recruiter ... and that the 
attempt at blockage was suc-
cessful. " Beyond that the Com-
mittee found this conduct violated 
Sections 3 and 11 of the Univer-
Standard of Conduct. 

These sections define mis-
conduct as: "obstruction or dis-
ruption of teaching, research, 
administration, ... University ac-
tivities, including its public ser-
vice functions .. . It; and "failure 
to comply with directions of Uni-
versity officials acting in the 
performance of their duties. " 

The diSCiplinary actions re-

UC Berkeley 
, Berkeley was the scene of mass 

arrests today; at least 300 per-
sons were arrested by the after-
noon. National Guardsmen and 
observations helicopters were 
very much in evidence, but there 
was relatively little tear-gassing 
during the day. 

Another confrontation occur-
red when several thousand stu-
dents symbolically attempted to 
carry soil to the top of an AS 
co-op parking lot structure to 
build a park. Sheriff Madigan, 
who earlier stated that he was 
going "to bust anything that was 
attempted, " quickly sealed off the 
area. 

Outside of this, most demon-
strators stayed in the Sathe r 
Gate and Sproul Hall area. Most 
of the stores in the surrounding 
area were closed. 

KSDT reporters Steve Clark, 
Jim Johnson, and Dian Smith 
reported num~rous beatingsdur-
ing the day. Clark and Smith 
narrowly escaped the pOlice, but 
Johnson is thought to be in jail, 
as is ASUC President-elect Dan 
Segal. The ASUC is desparately 
trying to raise the $10,000 in 
bail necessary and is soliCiting 
contributions from all campuses. 

Meanwhile, various and sundry 
police are guarding the fenced-
in People 's Park. 

UC Los Angeles 
On the UCLA campus students 

are currently trying to d cide 
what cours of action to take 
after having occupied the admin-
istration building, Murphy Hall, 
for ')I)rn~ ~we l 'l ~ hours. Atter 
a nooll rJ.lly Wednesday, students 
moved toward the hall anc1 some 
1200 crowded inside the bUilding. 

However, all persons wer al-
lowed to enter and leave, and 
no attempt was mad to disrupt 
the normal business. The ad-
ministration stated that .ts 111ng 
as students conduct d themselves 
in this manllt>r '10 r'!Jrl;.ll ions 
w r being brok n. 

At 11:00 a.m. Thursd y, the 
students em rg and r grouped 
in Royc quad to discuss m tters 

with BSU and Coalition members. 
An Acallemic Senate meeting was 

scheduJ~d for 2:00 p. m. and many 
student crowded into the meeting 
or listened to th audio set-up 
in the quad. Some 600 faculty 
m mhe r.; attended the meting 
and appeared to be almost evenly 
divided on supportinganyboy,~ Lt. 

The inauguration of Chancellor 
Young is schedul for today.:md 
he had previously c ncelled all 
class s between 10:00 a.m. and 
noon. Now, in light of later 
developments, he ha') d cided to 
forego the regular format 01 in-
augurations, and addr ss himself 
to th Berk 1 y issu . Classe 
are now can lied for thr entir 
day. 

commencied by the Committee 
was probation, until June, 1970, 
and was accepted by the Chan-
cellor. The students had until 
May 22 to appeal any of the 
findings or recommendations of 
the Committee. Having not hear 1 
any reply by that da e the Chan-
ce llor will assu me that th Y wai ve 
appeal and he will formally accept 
the advice of the Committee by 
placing the eight students on one 
year's probation. 

STRIKE 
The Strike made several im-

portant decisions at a meeting 
called last night at 6: 30 by the 
new Strike Committee. The 
meeting attended by about 500 
strikers, began with information 
reports from other campuses and 
a statement by President Hitch. 

Then Craig Starr asked for 
striker support for a proposal 
that each of the UC's send a 
100 member faculty-student de l-
egation to Sacramento to present 
our demands to GovernorReagan. 
The proposal would be worked 
through the Associated Students. 
He got that support. 

Linus Pauling again talked to 
us, putting the strike into an 
entire social/moral context. 

The proposal to move Berkeley 
students, faculty, and class s to 
th oth r UC campuses until hhe 
National Guard and police are 
kick d off Berkeley was d feated 
after extended d bate. 

Another significant vote was to 
nonviolently d monstrate by for-
cing th Marine recruiter to pass 
through a mass sit -down in ord r 
to r ach hI recruiting stat IOn. 
The SOS announced it \ 'ould abide 
by thi s d cis ion alll allow th 
Marin to r cruit. '"his vote 
is th only tim the stnk rs 
hav tak n a stand on an 
that wa not & ifi :lllv r 
to Berkel y. 



marines 
arrive 

YOU IX ~ICT MOl. ' 10M 

McGill Writes 
Op., L.t'er 

I have received several pro-
tests from representatives ofthe 
campus and San Diego press and 
broadcasting media alleging that 
partiCipants in or persons ob-
serving the student demonstra-
tion of Wednesday, May 7, at the 
Registrar's office impeded or 
attempted to Impede press cover-
age of that incident. Allegations 

c&mmumty of scholars seeking 
truth. I wUl not abide such con-
duct. 

Any future interference, at-
tempted or real, with individuals 
properly on this campus and 
carrying out legitimate activi-
ties, including press duties, will 
open the offending persons to im-
mediate separation from the uni-
versity. 

William J. McGill 
Chancellor 

have been made that cameras PRESIDENT HITCH: 
were struck, that cameramen and The majority of students of 
reporters were threatened and the UCSD School of Medicine 
that one reporter's notes were feel that the present situation 
twice forcibly taken from him in Berkeley is so intolerable 
and destroyed. These reports, that we are not attendinC classes 
from all I can determine, appear in order to, support and act upon 
to have considerable substance. the following positions; 

Such a state of affairs is in- (1) We deplore the present vio-
tolerable in any community and lence of both police and students 
can be neither defended nor ex- in Berkeley. 
cused when it happens in ours. (2) We condemn the overre-
UCSD must be committed, ab- action of authorities in the in-
solutely, to the principle offree- discriminate use of firearms and 
dom of one's person. Threats, 
intimidation and verbal or actual tear gas against the Berkeley 

campus and community. 
assaults directed against anyone (3) We demand immediate re-

~~in~h~e c~~:~sfO;i~~t: r:~i~~~i > moval of all troops ,and outside 
, .....•..•........................•.•....•..........••.... ~ 

,.- ...................................................... .:. ( 
EDITOR IN CHIEF 

John McCarthy 
· ; 

NEWS EDITOR 
,steve Landau 

SPORTS EDITOR 
Bob Gorby 

FINE ARTS EDITOR 
Paul Hamburg 

PHOTOGRAPHY EDITOR 
Douglas Easton 

STAFF WRITERS 
Bill Alaoglu I 
Clayton Anderson 
Albert Elzas 
Eric Halgren 
Richard HarriS 
Portia La Touche 
Kerwin Lebels 
Da ve Sacherman 
Larry Raful 
John Sussman 
Paul Emus 
Ray Seaverc:; 

MANAGING EDITOR 
Chris Sheldon 

AD MANAGER 
John Demirjian 

FEATURE EDITOR 
Tom Baker 

COPY EDITOR 
Haywood Gammon 

PHOTOGRAPHY 
Leonard Bourin 
Jamp.:; Dublirer 
Dennis Lane 

GRAPHIC ARTS 
Rob Cohen 

copy cncw 
Craig Starr 
Nancy Keys 

· 

· : i 

: : 
JUSTOWRITERS 

Judy Alsbe rg 
Rachel York 
Suzanne Nester 
Dave Stearns 

· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 

· 

· ------------------- ~ 
The opinions expressed : 

in bylined articles do not : 
necessarlly reflect the • 
views of the TIMES. 

· 

· 
· 
· .~ ...••••••.......•..••.....•••...••...................... 

AND YOU OIY If 

police from Berkeley to enable 
resumption of the normal func-
tions of the University, schools, 
hospitals and generalcommunlty. 
Following withdrawal, we urge 
peaceful negotiations between fa-
culty und students over the issue 
of the people's park. 

fae,", Needs 
a L i"'e Jo', 

Dear Editor: 
The letter criticizing the bias 

of the Academic Senate meeting 
article was perhaps quite justi-
fied. Howeve r, I would like to 
point out that by-lined articles 
do not necessarily reflect the 
views of the paper. Further-
more, the intent of the artic Ie 
was to project the general mood 
of the students. These meetings 
provided a rare opportunity for 
good faculty-studentcommunici-
tion on important issues and the 
faculty conduct could hardly be 
called commendable. 

Perhaps a little jolt would 
induce the faculty to seek out 
better student relations. 

Sincerely, 
Paul Emus 

Students in Season 
The vast majority of students on this campus indicated unequivo-

cally last Wednesday their support for the demands that police and 
troops be removed from Berkeley and the reign of terror Instlgat~ 
by the Governor ended. 

We must realize that what has been occurring at Berkeley is nothing 
less than naked political oppression. The police have fired upon 
an unarmed crowd of people. The police have dropped noxious gasses 
from helicopters onto the Berkeley campus. They have beaten by-
standers and newsmen. The Governor has applauded this mrmrism. 

As Linus Pauling said at the Wednesday Convocation, "We are 
tired of sending telegrams to those In power begging for justice.' 
There is no such thing as rational discussion with those having a 
vested interest in exploiting people. Reagan has seized upon the park 
issue as a subterfuge &signed to increase his support among voters 
In his bid for re-election. That people have been killed and maimed 

Iby this does not bother him. 
However, the pU'blic outrage generated by thi::; terrorism indicates 

that his actions may have backfired. 
Every campus of the University of California is either striking 

or holding massive demonstrations to protest the police violence in 
Berkeley. Many state colleges have done likewise. 

The secretaries employed at Berkeley are on strike. 
The Academic Senate at Berkeley has voted to close down. 
Parents of Berkeley students have joined in the demonstrations. 
A Berkeley citizens' committee is demanding the removal of Na-

tional Guardsmen, outside pOlice, and the reinstatement of the 
Peoples ' Park. 

Many National Guardsmen threw down their arms rather than con-
tinue the violence. 

The Chancellor of UC Davis, Dr. Meyers, has publicly proclaimed 
his support of the strike at Davis. 

Such unilateral action demands our continued support. 
We must strike until Berkeley can breathe again. 
There are certain dangers which must be guarded against in order 

to sustain the momentum of the strike. It appears at this writing 
that we have failed to develop a leadership which people can follow. 
This fact was manifested at the meeting Wednesday night. The group 
"in charge" was unable to either maintain unity or expedite the business 
on the agenda. The endlessly repetititve speakers were detrimental 
to the proceedings. 

We feel that a reorganization of the Executive Committee is im-
perative. We suggest that it be constituted of at least 25 members, 
and that its meeting be open. Further, this committee should be 
empowered to make certain decisions, subject to review by the groups 
as a whole. 

Until such changes are made, he strike is in danger o( succumbing 
to all the usual mll.ladieswhich afflict student movements. 
• ••••••••••••••••••••••• 

In Sacramento yesterday Major General Glenn C. Ames, the state's 
National Guard commander revealed that the re are 2,260 guadsmen 
in Berkeley. He al:n hlrl a news cOflter .l1C" that troops wO ljM : ~ m4in 
there as long as the dissidents retained a capability of accomplishing 
their announced objectives. 

When asked in Sacramento yesterday whtlther he wa<; contemplaU1g I 
removing tlJe guards as many have urged , GOV-)!""),, a'~J.gan said, 
"No, I'm not. .. 

- -

Page 3 

RCG Presents By-Laws, Charters· for Vote May 28 
We, the members of Revelle Revelle College which, we be- ! J de' · , C ·ft (L f I 

College, in order to define and lleve, will bring together the U ICla 01111111 ee Dar er 
develop a true community of students, faculty, and admini-
scholars guided by principles of stratlon in an atmosphere of 
respect for the individual and reason, mutual respect, and un-
rational resolution of differ- derstanding. 
ences, adopt the By-Laws for 

Proposed 8,-Laws 
REVELLE COLLEGE MEMBERSHIP: 
L Membership in Revelle College is held by Revelle College Faculty, 

all enrolled undergraduates, those graduate students who c.oose 
to be atrlllated with Revelle College, and members of the Revelle 
College administration. 

REVELLE COLLEGE MEETINGS: 
D. Revelle College Meetings for all members shall be called at 

least once each quarter. Meetings can also be called by written 
request of 200 members. 

QUORUM: 
m. The presence of 10% of the faculty and 10% of the student member-

ship shall constitute a quorum at Revelle College meetings. 

COMMITTEES: 
IV. Tbe government of Revelle College shall be embodied in the 

Revelle College Executive Committee, the Committee on College 
Affairs, and the Revelle College Judicial Committee, which are 
advisory to the Provost. 
A. The Revelle College Executive Committee shall consist of two 

elected faCility members, two elected student members, and the 
Provost of Revelle College. It shall have the power to review, 
propose modification, and facllltate implementation of the 
academic program of Revelle College and related aspects of 
its educational environment. 

B. The Committee on College Affairs shall consist of 6 elected 
student members, 3 elected faculty members, two admini-
strators approved by the Provost and approved by the Com-
mittee, and the College Dean. The Committee shall concern 
itself with all aspects of the educational environment of 
Revelle College and related aspects of its academic program. 
Only the Committee on College Affairs is empowered to 
charter standing committees. 
1. The Inter-Hall Council is a chartered standing Committee 

of the Committee on College Affairs. 
2. Tbe Revelle College Enterprises Committee is a chartered 

standing Committee on College Affairs. (Charter attached) 
3. The Revelle College Plaza Committee is a chartered Standing 

Committee of the Committee on College Affairs. (Charter 
attached) 

ELECTIONS: 
C. The Revelle College Judicial Committee shall consist of 4 

faculty members appointed by the Revelle College Executive 
Committee, and 4 student members appointed by the Committee 
on College Affairs, all appointments being for a one-year 
term. This Committee shall be a fact finding and adjudicating 
body, chartered Jointly by the Committee on College Affairs 
and the Revelle College Executive Committee. (Charter at-
tached) 

V. All faculty member representatives shall be elected in a manner 
prescribed by the Revelle College Faculty. Student representatives 
shall be elected by students during the Spring Quarter for a one-
year term. 

RULES OF ORDER: 
VI. Robert's Rules of Order shall govern the transaction of business. 

AMENDMENT AND APPROVAL: 
VD. Members of Revelle College shall be notified by mail of proposed 

amendments to these By-Laws at least five days in advance of the 
balloting. Amendments may be approved at Revelle College 
Meetings. Passage shall reqQire a two-thirds majority of the 
faculty members voting, and a two-thirds majority of the students 
voting. Balloting shall be valid only if at least 10% of the faculty 
and students vote. These By-Laws shall be approved in the manner 
stated above. 

En'erprises 
COlnlni"ee CIt.r'er 

AUTHORITY: 
The Revelle College Enter-

prises Committee shall be a 
standing committee of the Com-
mittee on College Affairs. It 
shaH be responsible for the oper-
ation of the Revelle College Sun-
dry store and any business enter-
prises associated with it. The 
Records of the Sundry Store shall 
be subject to University financial 
and 'audit procedures with oper-
ating statements reviewed on a 
monthly basis by the UCSD Book-
store Munager. All employses 
of the Sundry Store shall be UCSD 
employees and conform to cam-
pus personnel regulations. All 
profits must be returned to Group 
A Housing System for use in the 
Residence Hall program. 
MEMBERSHIP: 

Membership of the Revelle 
College Enterprises Committee 
shall be as fo !lows: 

1. Two students appointed by 
the Revelle College Inter-Hall 
Council. 

2. Two students appointed by 
the Committee on College Af-
fairs. 

3. One faculty member ap-
pointed by the Revelle College 
Executive Committee. 

4. The Revelle College Busi-
ness Manager. 

5. The Revelle College Resi-
dent Dean. 

6. The Revelle College Dean. 

Approved by 
Committee on College Affairs 
011 May 20, 1969 

P'aza COIIllli"ee 
Oarter 

AUTHORITY: 
The Revelle College Plaza 

Committee Is a staJidingcommit-
tee chartered by the Committee 
on College Affairs. 

1. It is responsible for estab-
Ilshing maximum volume stand-
ards (or the sound amplification 

MEMBERSHIP: 
The Revelle College Judicial Committee shall 

consist of four (4) faculty members awointed by 
the Revelle College Executive Committee, and 
four (4) student members appOinted by the Com-
mittee on College Affairs. An interested under-
graduate who is in good standing with the Uni-
versity, and who has been a member of Revelle 
College for at least one quarter, is eligible for 
appointment. The Committee on College Affairs 
shall ensure that all eligible undergraduates have 
an equal opportunity to be considered for ap-
pointment. All appointments shall be for a one-
year term. Vacancies on the Committee shall be 
filled in the same manner as the original ap-
pointments. 

CHAIRMAN: 
The Chairman of the Committee shall be elected 

by the newly appointed members of the Committee 
at their first opportunity. 

EXECUTIVE SECRETARY 
The Revelle College Dean shall serve as Execu-

tive Secretary for the Committee. He, in con-
junction with the Chairman of the Committee 
shall be responsible for: 

I. Properly notifying the full Committee 01 the 
date, time and place of each hearing; 

2. Preparing the case for presentation to the 
Committee; 

3. Maintaining a proper record of the hearing; 
4. Notifying the defendant In writing of the 

Committee's action. 
He shall be available to the Committee for 

consultation, but not present for the actual de-
liberations and decisi~ns. 

FUNCTION: 
Tbe Committee shall be both a fact finding and 

an adjudicating body. It shall be responsible for 
ensuring that all of the available (acts are brought 
to light before a judgment is r endered. To this end 
it may hold hearings, and question the student 
charged with a violation and those witnesses who 
appear before the Committee. The Committee may 
conduct investigations outside the hearing in an 
eHort to determine the facts. 

JURISDICTION: 
Any member oC the Univer sity community who 

violates a rule or regulation passed by the Com-
mittee on CoUege Affairs or a rule or r egulation 
set forth in the Campus Handbook or "University 
of California PoliCies Re lating to Students and 
Student Organizations, Use of University FaCilities, 
and Nondiscrimination, March 17, 1969" while 
011 or attending a function of the Revelle campus 
is subject to judicial action appropriate to his 
status in the community and the nature of his 
violation. 

Because 01 the varioL:s relations of different 
'people to the college community, different actions 
will be necessary for different groups of people. 
No person may be tried in the Rev~lle College 
Judicial Committee while being tried for the same 
action in another court of the University community. 

POWERS: 
The Committee may immediately impose upon 

students the following disciplinary actions as 
they are defined by Regent's policy and local 
campus regulations: 

I. Censure: Written reprimand for violation 
of specified regulations. 

2. Warning: Notice to the student that con-
tinuation or repetition of specified conduct may 
be cause for other disciplinary action. 

3. Restitution: Reimbursement for damage 
to or misappropriation of property. Reimburse-
ment may take the form of appropriate service 
to repair or otherwise compensate Cor damages. 

4. Conduct Probation: Final notice to tbe 

student that continued misconduct may result in 
a recommendation that his student status be in-
terrupted or terminated. 

5. Disciplinary Probation: Exclusion from 
participation in privileges or extra-curricular Uni-
versity activities as set forth in the notice of 
disciplinary probation for a specified period of 
time. 

The Committee cannot impose the following 
actions but may recommsnd to tbe appropriate ' 
autbority that they be imposed: " 

1. Suspension: Must be approved by the Chan-
cellor. 

2. Dismissal: Must be approved by the Chan- . , 
cellor. 

3. Expulsion: Must be approved by the Presi-
dent. 

The Committee may immediately impose the 
following actions upon the faculty and staff of 
the University community: 

1. Censure 
2. Restitution 

3. Transmittal of its lindings to the Provost 
of Revelle College for further action. 
WITNESSES: 

The Committee, in order to assure its ability 
to determine all of the pertinent facts of the case, 
can require any member of the campus community 
to appear as a witness. Any person who testifies 
before the Committee and who there furnishes 
false or misleading information shall be subject 
to separate disciplinary action. 
charges; 

Any member oC ths campus community can 
request that the Committee be convened to hear 
charges of alleged misconduct. 

PROCEDURAL FAIRNESS: 
The following rule~ of procedural fairness shall 

be observed by hhe Hevelle College Judicial Com-
mittee: 

1. The defendant shall be presumed innocent 
until shown to the contrary; 

2. The defendant shall be entitled to a prompt 
and impartial hearing; 

3. Any defendant who is charged with a vi 
lation of a campus or a University-wide rule 
of regulation shall ha vs the option to have the 
matter heard und decided by either an adminis-
trative officer or the Revelle College JudiCial 
Committee . At the time the defendant is pre-
sented with the charges and the available infor-
mation to support them, he shall be inIormed 
of this option. The administrator will at tbL 
point indicate what specific action he would take 
if the decision were his to make, provided that 
the charges are acknowledged to be true. The 
defendant may then make his choice all subse-
quent appeals going through the same channeis. 
In any instance where the defendant maintains 
his innocence,this matter will be referred directly 
to the Revelle College Judicial Committee; 

4, The defendant shall be given, in advance 
of any hearing, a written statement indicating the 
regulation he is alleged to have violated together 
with references indicating a II the evidence against 
him and its source(s); 

5. The delendant is entitled, but not required 
to have an advisor of his own choice present; 

6. The defendent should be given an oppor-
tunity to testify and to present evidence and 
wiinesses, He should have an opportunity to hear 
adverse wiinesses und ask questions regarding 
their testimony to the Committee . In no case 
should the Committee consider s tatements against 
him unless he has been advised of their content 
and of the names of those who made them, and 
unless he has been given an opportunity to re-
but unfavorable inferences which might othe rwise 
be drawn; 

( Continued on page 6 ) 
..-.~.-..-..-,.--.--..-..-.-.....-.....--.-~.-"'-~~~ 
equipment used in the Revelle 
College Plaza. 

2. It is authorized, under spec-
ial circumstances, to grant ex-
ceptions to the regulations on 
hours, speaker p12.cement and 
volume standard, provided that 
r equests for such exceptions have 
been submitted 24 hours in ad-
vance. 

3. It shall recommend new 
rules and rule changes to the 
Committee on College Affairs as 
they become necessary. 

MEMBERSHIP: 
Tbe Plaza Committee shall 

consist of two stud nts appointed 
by the Committee on College Af-
lairs and one student approved 
by the Inter-hall Council subject 
to approval by the Committ on 
Colleg Af/airs. 

r,,("I,i1.T'( " ND 
,.J:Dt r.1C ,.~ ... mll~"~ frl~'''TH'tl 

_____ '_"'1 u.'T 

" ·L J1T'~J -

I 
,.1;,,1 
t~ 



- ...... ' .. 

UCLA last Friday • • • • 
Regents Hassled 
at UCLA. Meeting 

Last Friday's Regents meeting 
was perhaps the most tumultuous, 
comparing only with the Santa 
Cruz meeting · of last October. 
students succeeded in forcing the 
Regents to clear the room and re-
cess for near ly a hall- hour before 
they could continue with their 
business. 

Nearly two-thirds of the 100 
observers allowed into the meet-
ing were members of Coalition, 
with a few members of right-
wing organizations present. Im-
mediately upon Chairman Higgs' 
gaveling the meeting to order 
Lou Donaldson of the Coalition 
rose to demand that the Regents 
let him speak. 

only "yes" vote. 
The Regents went into a five-

minute recess, the Coalition took 
a vote, and when the Regents went 
back to order, the students chan-
ted, "We want to speak." The 
meeting continued with frequent 
interruptions until Hitch decided 
to order that the room be cleared. 

One student was ejected for-
cibly and finally Chancellor 
Young addressed the galleries: 

"No one regrets doing this more 
than I, but you must leave." 
The Regents recessed and the 
sheriff could be heard repeating, 
"I hereby declare this an illegal 
assembly; everyone except Re-
gents, their guests, and the press 
must leave,' 

Oufside f6e Regents leefing. 
or The Battle of Westwood 

Higgs informed Donaldson tbat 
there were "proper procedures" 
for making such an address in-
volving prior written requests. 
Higgs asked for a motion to 
wave the rules and Regent Dutton 
made such a motion. He com-
mented: "I've criticized for 
a long time the failure of the 
Board to receive stUdent com-
ment. But as to interruptions, 
you're damn fools (the students) 
if you think this will get you 
what you want." IiI the voting 
OD the motion Dutton cast tbe 

The students tinally did leave 
and the Regents eventually got 
down to business, Which was not 
much. They only item of in-
terest was a discussion of the 
situation concerning People's 
Park, with UCB Vice-Chancel-
lor Chiedt presenting the ad-
ministration's case. Finally the 
Regents finally passed some sort 
of resolution supportlng the hand-
ling of the administration and 
]aw enforcement officials. 

BY STEVE LANDAU 
It is becoming increasingly dllficult for the 

Regents of the University of California to conduct 
their business in their monthly meetings on the 
various UC campuses. 

student interest in Regents meetings began near 
the end of the last school year, when the Regents 
were discussing tuition; disturbances have occurred 
at nearly every meeting this year. 

Last week's meeting at UCLA might just well 
be the last one on a UC campus; it will at least 
be the last without the continuous presence of the 
police forces. 

As the Regents attempted to convene their open 
session inside the Faculty Center on the UCLA 
campus last Friday, a crowd whose numbers ranged 
between 1000 and 2000 gathered at the various 
entrances to the building. banged on walls and 
windOWS, ran across the roof. and finally kaced 
the combined forces of campus security guards, 
LAPD, and Highway Patrolmen in tactical man-
euvers. 

A rally had been called for 12:45 p.m. by the 
Coalition, an umbrella organization for various 
campus activist groups. A crowd began to gather 
in the quad about haifa block away from the Faculty 
Center and was entertained by the Guerilla theatre. 

Shortly belore 1:30 p.m., when the Regents meet-
ing was to convene, they moved to the parking 
lot and street adjacent to the building. As the 
confrontation inside between the Regents and Coali-
tion members among the 100 observers allowed 
in continued, chants of "ROTC off campus" from 
the crowd outside were quite audible to the Regents. 

From the time when the observers were ejected 
from the meeting, matters quickly escalated. The 
police were able to hold most of the portions of the 
building's exterior. but on the east side students 
surged forward and started pounding on the walls 
and windows of the chamber in which the Regents 
were meeting. 

The efforts of one cop to direct a water sprinkler 
onto students scaling the ice plant-covered slopes 
proved more humorous than effective, although 
the men in blue (and gray and black) were later 
able to regain their sUlmiority in this strategic 
area. Some damage wa ; done to the walls here 
and five plate glass win10ws were smashed in a 
faculty lounge in anoth ~r part of the building. 

After order was restored inside the building and 
the meeting resumed, fu.-ther confrontations were 
limited to minor skirmis:\el> In front olthe building. 
One student was arrested after he staged an im-
promptu sit-in on the :oottop, as was another 
girl. 

During the course of U'e day. two students were 
arested according to offlctal police reports. One 
student was booked on Euspicion of assaulting an 
otficer and another on suspicion of trespass ing 
and reSisting arrest. 

By the time the meeting had ended and Reagan 
was holding his second press conference of the 
day in the north end of the building, the sound oC 
police pursuing demonstrators across the rooftop 
made his comments almost In~udiblp. 

As Reagan and the Regents attempted theIr 
exit, around 4:00 p.m., the crowd surged back and 
forth trying to find their cars, but were re-
strained by the police. Finally, the Regents were 

in their cars and ready to go, but one minor 
hang-up developed-they had forgotten the keys 
to the cars. This was taken care of and the Regents 
made their getaway. -

Meanwhile, inside the building. UCLA Chan-
cellor Young and the campus potlce were directing 
police operations. Initially a force of some 50 
campus policemen were present, contingents having , 
been flown in from Santa Barbara. R1verside. and 
San Diego. After a load of helmets had been brought 
in, the police were equipped in full battle regella, 
but Young wanted more help. He called in the 
LAPD, and atter a considerable deIaytheyarrived-
70 of them-with a contingent ot 30 Highway Patrol-
men (numbers according to a L.A. police ser-
geant), making a total force of 170 men in uniform. 

Persons milling around the parking lot just 
outside the press entrance were greeted, at about 
4:20 p.m., with the sight of an advancing column 
ot some 30 LAPD, nightsticks drawn. Thus began 
the numerous police movements that continued 
for nearly an hour. 

About 10 minutes later a panicked crowd stam-
peded down the street at the sight of advancing 
forces, several columns deep (followed by a police 
van) whose purpose was to clear the immediate 
area in front of the Faculty Center. 

student maneuvers were directed by bullhorn 
and the crowd regrouped in the quad alter the 
cops had cleared the street and taken up positions 
along the sidewalk. After several other complicated 
maneuvers the police withdrew about a hundred 
yards. One campus policeman, when asked about 
the logic behind the police tactics commented, " I 
really don't know; I've never seen anything like 
this.' 

Throughout most of the police confrontation, the 
Camiliar cry "pigs off campus" was heard, but 
at this point the Bruin spirit reared Its head. The 
demonstrators chanted "push 'em back, push 'em 
back, way back," and "go, Bruins." All in all, 
this more or less typified the mood of the crOWd, 
with bongos setting the beat throughout the after-
noon. The police were also more restrained than 
has otten been the case; at least their action did 
not escalate as at Berkeley to tear gas and 
beatings. 

Some cars In the area were damaged-mainly 
dented roofs that resulted from persons trying 
to get a better vantage point from which to view 
the action. One car was turned sideways in the 
street and used as a baricade for a while. 

Taking into account the peculiar character of 
tne UCLA campus, it was a most extraordinary 
day. Many of UCLA's 27,000 students are commut-
ers and the campus has gained the nickname "the 
factory." From talking to persons beforehand. the 
general Impression was that no mass student 
action had or could come off really well at UCLA. 
Furthermore, in-fighting between radical groups 
had destroyed the necessary unity in the past. 
and this rally was the real test for the Coalition, 
which was only formed this year and has not yet 
been too elfective. 

From the viewpoint at the Coalition, as ex-
pressed at a meeting after things had quieted down, 
the day was a success. Certainly what had hap-
pened during the course of last Friday was a new 
experience for the campus sprawled In the midst 
Of plush Westwood Village. 

Is This the Shape 
of Things to Come? 

• • 

. , 

dl 

'ase 5 

. and now LieSD is ON STRIKE 

PHOTOGRAPHY: 

JAMES DUBLlRER 
OOUGLAS EASTON 
DENNIS LANE 

• CONRAD YOUNG 

fXfLOITRT'DN 



At Berkeley a referendum was conducted on Tuesday, Wednesday, 
and Thursday by the AssGciated Students. Turnout was heavy, with 
about 10,000 students havinR Voted. 

Bitch Statement Defends Beyns 
Two dUrerent items cono!ern~g the People's Park and tile fee in- May 22, 1969-- a young man visiting Berkeley did 

die from injuries incurred on 
Tbursday last, and that some 
students, law inforcement offi- ' 
cers, and others have been in-
jured, but no students have lost 
tbeir lives. 

of Alameda County. 
crease to support the Third World College were pr.nted on each All of us are saddened and I have the utmost coofldence 

in Chancellor Heyas. He is pur-
suing tbe solution to this terribly 
complex problem in all good 
faith, but he cannot do this job 
alone. The university's ability to 
survive and learn from this cris-
is will depend on all ot us: 
students, faculty, staff, and com-
munity. We will needthegoodw11l 
and sympathy and constructive 
ideas and actionl'rfrom all sides. 
We will need to be self- critical 
and understanding of all views. 
We must have a lowering of the 
seale of violence, and it is the 
responsibility of each of us as 
individuals to refrain from In-
flaming the situation at Berkeley 
or at any other campus. 

!allot for students to vote 0(1 as follows: disturbed by what has happened 
"We the Associated students of the University of California en- in Berkeley this past week, and I 

dorse the preservation ot'the land currently known as People's Park have thought very carefully what 
as it was prior to Monday, May 12. We support the principle 01 I might say to you to llelp ease 
its continued use and development by the cltizens and students ot the the situation. One of tile tbings 
Berkeley community." that we aU can do is to make sure There have been rumors that 

Chancellor Heyas is responsible ' 
for determ1n1ng the tactics used 
by police and National Guard 
forces in controlling disruptive 
hehavior. This is not true. I 
deeply regret tllat tbose in auth-
ority decided that certain tactics 
were necessary to protect per-
sons and property, but these and 
other tactics are not the re-
sponsibility 01 universityautbor-
ities. TIle outside forces are 
under the direction of the sheriff , 

"We.the Associated students of the University ot California at we have the facts; on many cam-
Berkeley approve a $1.50 fee increase per quarter tor tile specific , puses rumor has outstripped 
purpose of supporting the interim department of Ethnic studies and reality. 
the future Third World College. Should the establishment of the There have been rumors that 
deputment be prolonged, the ASUC Senate bas the power to divert Chancellor Heyns called in oollce 
the funds to the Educational Opportunities Prouam,' forces outside jBerkeley 'and 

"This fee increase sball begin in the Fall Quarter, 1969. It shall the National euard. This is not 
be up to the ASUC Senate to see tbat the fUnds are appropriated for true. The outside forces were 
the general purposes stated above." called by civil authorities. 

'***1t************* There bave been rumors that The American Civil Liberties Union of Northern Calltornla, Ber- students bave been killed during 
keley-Albany chapter, urged last night the immediate suspension and the demonstrations. This is not 
removal from offlce of Alameda County Sherltf Frank Madigan. The true. I am profoundly sorry that 

---------------------------------------------------------------------ACLU statement asked who was responsible for the massive at')d 
deliberate use of governmental force now on the campus area. Tbe 
ACLU is informed that Madigan is acting as chief law officer in control 
of all forces in the area. 

As such ultimate responsibility for the issuance and use of am-
munitions and weapons and the employment and cOlltrol of troops 
must rest with him. Excesses of the Illst week .ve demonstrated 
conclusively that he cannot safely be trusted with this power. 

Tile ACLU statement also called for a complete investigation of 
all events of the past week and emphasized that this investigation 
must be made by a competent and impartial agency. The ACLU does 
not feel that the Alameda County Grand Jury is qualified by to conduct 
this type of investigation. 

Money Minder® 
Money Minder is like having your own personal 

record keeper-for just $1 a month, It keeps track 
of what you earn, what you spend and where you 
spend it. 

Just think h')w valuable this will be for income 
tax preparatior and family budgeting, 

Join the Unchargeables, 

SOU1HERN CALIFORNIA 

FIRST NATIONAL BANK 

Member F 0 I.C 

WALTER G, ROBERTSON, Branch Manager 
La Jolla Shores Branch, 2256 Avenida de La Playa 

leG 
--

Vo •• la, 28 
( <:;ontinued from page ~ ) 7: Tlie 'defendant may decline to answer seU-

incriminating questions; 
S. AUI proceedings shall be tape recorded and 

the tape sball be made available to the defen-
dant. The defendant may make his own record 
if he so wishes; 

9. A report of the hearing shall accompany 
the Committee's recommendations; a copy of this 
report and the recommendations shall be fUrnished 
to the defendent; 

10. All hearings are open to members of the 
University community except that: 

a) They may be closed at hhe request of the 
defendant, and 

b) An observer may be required to leave if 
his conduct, in the judgment of' the Committee, 
is disruptive; 

11. Administrative or judicial decisions are 
ordinarily public information, but may be kept 
privute at the discretion of the administrative 
officer or judicial authority. 
APPELATE JURISDICTION: 

The Committee shall hear all appeals of de-
cisions of the Inter-hall Judicial Committee. Any 
defendant has the right to appeal. An appeal 
must be filed in qriting within ten (10) days 

must be filed in writing within ten (10) academic 
days from the date on the letter sent to the de-
fendant notifying him of the action taken. The 
appeal must be based on one, or a combination 
of, the following reasons: 

1. There was a procedural error in his hear-
ing that prejudiced his case or led to an improper 
conclusion by the administrative officer or com-
mittee. 

2. The action taken was too severe in response 
to the violation committed. 

3. There was an improper finding mf tact 
based on the information available at the original 
hearing. 
New Evidence 

U a convicted defendant has new evidence that 
was not abailable at the original hearing he may 
request a new hearing. U the request is refused 
he may appeal within ten (10) academic days. 
REVIEW JURISDICTION OF THE COMMITTEE: 

The Committee shall have the power to study 
decisions made by any lower judicial body in the 
College to determine whether or nmt their deci-
sions are equitable and are consistent with the 
rules and regulations contained in Procedural 
Fairness. Findings shall be reported to the Re-
velle College Executive Committee and the Com-
mittee on College Affairs. Decisions of lower 
Judicial bodies shall not be changed except under 
appelate jurisdiction. 

WISE CATS 
KNOW 

you save 
when you buy 

COOK'S 
TRAVELERS 
CHEQUES 

STILL ONLY 
75c issuance charge ON $100 

Available at: Carlson Travel Service, 1033 Prospect Ave. 
La Jolla Travel Bureau, 7916 Girard Ave. 
San Diego Trust and Savings Bank, La Jolla 
Bank of La Jolla Internationa l Travel, 7734 Herschel Ave. 

All-Cal Intramural. 
Attest Triton 'Skill' 

Last weekend, May 16-1S, UC 
SD participated in the seventh 
annual All-Cal Sport Festival 
held at UCSB. 
Some 336 students from the eight 
UC campuses competed. All 
competition was round robin. UC 
SD did very well considering the 
calibre of competition they laced. 

We were not one of the top 
four schools in the eight-school 
gettogether. However the Tri-' 
tons did do we 11 in such areas 
as women's tenniS, in which Vicki 
Hogan and Sandy Bille place 
third. Women's basketball was 
really a gasser, as was women's 
volleyball. The girls really gave 
their all in these two team ac-
tivities. 

Men's team competition was 
hurt by the lack of a Triton 
lotramural soccer team. The 
volleyball was as well as could 
be expected, since the team mem-
bers had had no chance to work 
together. Men's tenoiswonsome 
and lost some. Fred McClair 
and Dennis Murry, the tennis re-
presentatives for the school, both 
played well. 

In badminton Suda Rangnekar 
was the only male participating, 
and he played well against some 
real fine competition. The full 
r esults of this event will not 
be available until the summary 
sheet is sent out by UCSB. 

Co-ed softball, which we really 
hoped to win, got out of control 
when the Tritons encountered 
"Woman Power"--the girl PE 
majors of other schools, that is. 
Women's badminton did ex-

tremly well for two girls that 
were brought hogether in 
the hours before leaving for UC 
SB. Edith Whitlock and Kathie 
Hoffer were the very fine 
women's badminton players for 
UCSD. 

lotramurals at UCSD: 

Changing the subject back to 
the everyday world of in-
tramurals around campus, one 
notices that men's softball is now 
in full swing. The Toledo Mud-
hens of C league lead the field 
with a 4-0 record. No jone else 
has compiled such a record thus 
far--perhaps if we wait until 
the other teams have played four 
games the picture might change. 

Men's qater lp;p os gpomg 
slowly, us according to the in-
formation sheet there has been 
no action at all. Threeman 
basketball has been quite popular 
with most of the gym crowd late-
ly. Games are played almost 
every night of the week. Lea-
ders of each league will be posted 
as soon as all teams have re-
ported in the results of their 
games. 

Co-ed softball pIa yofts are still 
in the second round, but - they 
are heading into the third round 
as this week ends. One game 
will be replayed under protest 
after having gone ten innings, due 
to some alleged miskudgments bu 
the umpire. This was a real 
hot game and will be played ugain 

Sunday at 12:00. 
Spectate at your own risk ! 

, Page 7 
- ---------- - -

SPORTS SHORTS 

Tennis Head-Busting 
The Alameda County Sheriffs ' 

The Triton Netmen made an head busting team turned in one 
impressive showing last week- of their best performances of the 
end at Redlands where they com- year last weekend. Takin.s J I1~ 
peted in the NAIA District III or the most trivial of excuses 
Tennis Tournament. available. they got in an UQ.sclle-

UCSD took third place, with duled weekend gamo? 
an 11 point total. competing S.uccess of their workou,t was 
against 12 other schools. Red- indicated by the notable rISe in 
lands the National NAIA Cham- Jntients at the nearby hospitals , 
pions'for the last three years, and the action was climaxed by 
finished first and Clairemont, a ~irring death. 
the favored national champions he spectator,s ~?~lly got their 

the crowd's interest in the game, 
you should have been therp. when 
they were taking their shower>. 

Head-busting fans throughout 
California expressed their deej) 
interp.~ ia lil :~ ,n >In " ',:,; ,v ' ,', 
,t1 .;'".'n ', and fro m the looks 

of things the Alameda County 
Sheriff team may play again this 
weekend. U all goes according 
to the governor's plan, this will 
not be the only weekend game . 
other games will be heldatDavis, 
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles, Ir-
vine, Santa Cruz, and San Diego. 

Crew placed second. ' money's WO~t'1 t'l lim one, 1jei~g 
UCSD's Steve Terre a Junior actllally inVlted to par icipate 1'1 The UCSD lightweight eights 

from Englewood, beat' the 3rd the even~. , rowed a fabulous race at the 
seeded singles playe~obie An unJl1~ntifie? member ~f the Western Collegiate Sprints on 
Moore from Pomona College, team scored a BIg Kill (5 POUltS), beautiful Mission Bay this week-
and Triton Goeddel defeated Cal with, a ,memorable, use of the old end, finishing third in a field of 
Lutheran's 6th seeded player. I-dtdo t -known- It-was -buck- seven. The lightweight eights 
Tritons Jim Hoffman and steve shot - - but - I, - lucked - out- nosed out San Diego state for 
Terre went into the semi-finals and - plugged· hIm - a,s - he - ran- third place, with an impressive 
doubles matches. away trick. T~e Cahfornia gov- 6:36.8 time. Long Beach State 

Coach' Bill Yeomans praised ernor, who ultImately threw out took first in this race, and UCLA 
the team stating that "Everyone the pitch oC the season, W:lS ov~r- took second. 
played their best tennis of the joyed at the results of the sportmg The Triton lightweight fours 
year, competing against the top event. The lucky go~ernor, of won their event on Friday, in a 
6 teams in the country." He coJurse, has a season tIcket.. three shell race. This gave UCSD 
also said that the Tritons will ust when things were gettIng a win and a third of the three 
have a good team next year with dull, . and the spectators were races they entered. The other 
returning Freshmen _ steve startmg to leave, the coaCh. had Triton entry, the heavyweight 
Terre Dave Goedde I Mernie the water boy fly over Ul a eights, gave a good account of 

Gerla~h, Bill Adams ~d Sopho- helicopter ~nd ~AS 1''IE CROWD' themselves but finished out of the 
mor~Winston Potts. If YOll dOl! t I'WI\{ that r enewed money. 

pa--~~~~~~~~~ 

Tracl 
Tom Wolfe will represent 

UCSD in the Small College Track 
Nationals in Montana if his leg 
injury has improved by the date 
of the event. Wolfe is the Triton 
long jumper, and hopefully he will 
be able to cap off his successfu I 
season by competing in the Na-
tionals, lor which his perfor-
mances have qualified him. 

Join our graduates • • 

n Cam .us --PAID ANNOUNCEMENT----
J4 "efVt-ui.tatWe 

61 d e 

u.s. ARMY SELECTION TEAM 
............. fI .............................................................. ill .................. .. 

He wil' 6. located ;n the 
CAREER • EDUCATIONAL PLANNING 

and 
PLACEMENT CENTER 

Bldg. 250 Matthews Campus. 
'.'er.sfe" s'u"en's lIa, 

call ex.ension 2401 for an a,poil'.e.'. 

The discussion of words as "tool " 
aroused my initial interest in Lex i, 
con. Statistical tools implement my 
job in data processing, and I was 
concerned with the concept of a cor' 
relation between high vocabulary and 
logic, 
r feel now that my participation in 
the vocabulary building program has 
made all forms of communication 
more meaningful to me, Command of 
an adequate vocabulary almost as-
sures better meam of expression and 
all of us want and need to be under-
stood, 
More of the words on the fringe of 
my vocabulary level are' useable in 
daily conversation, and I am reading 
considerab ly more, not only for plea-
sure but to reinforce my present levels 
of achievement. 

ARTHUR W , CHILDS 
Data Processing 

Lexicon offers a practical and proven plan lor 
vocabulary building using on- Linear Systems' 
new audio-visual equipment. 

The fifteen programs range from elementary 
school level through the highest levels and are 
the r esults of 46 years of re search. 

Each student starts at hi s own level and pm-
ceeds at his own pace. The average improvement 
has measured in excess of four years (or grade 
leve ls) for the ten week course. 

------------------

Open Mon./Thur.'Untit 8 \ - Fri. / Sat. Until Exhau tiOft 

LEXICON 
ACHIEVERAENT THROUGH LEARNING 

TELEPHONE, 755-3064 
SUITE A ) 150 CAM INO OEL MAR 

DEL AR CALIFO RN IA 92014 

• 



ra 8 ~ ~.-
~~ 

: CAMPUS KIOSK 
, 

Friday, May 23 , 1969 
Music Dept. prese ts Dolores Carillo "The Thirteenth Sound of Julian Carillo; 

}lexico's Challes Ives, 409 MC, 12: 00 noon, f ree. 
Om Hani Padme Hum, 312 West Ma tthews Campus, 4:00 p.m. 
SIO Graduate Student Film Series, "The Happening", Sumner Auditorium, 

7:00 p.m., 25 cents . 
uC SD FIESTA DE LA GENTE CANCELLED 

Saturday, May 24 , 1969 
UCSD FIESTA DE LA GENTE CANCELLED 

Sunday , May 25, 1969 
La Jolla Civic Orchestra and UCSD }lusic Dept. concert, UCSD Gym, 8:JO p.m., f ree. 

fonday, May 26 , 1969 
0m :1ani Padme Hum, 312 West Hat thews Campus , 4 : 00 p. m. 
Alpha Sigma Phi, HL 1166, 6:30 p.m. 
Photographers ' Association, Inter- Language Club Lounge , 7:00 p.m. 
Students for a Democratic Society, USB 3070 , 7:00 p.m. 
!ewish Students Association, HL 1205, 8:00 p.m. 

~uesday , May 27 , 1969 
A.S. Senate meeting, Coffee Hut, 10 : 00 a . m. 
Music Jepartment - Von Wrochem Workshop, 409 MC , 12:00 noon. 
ShUM Language Club, Inter-Language Club Lounge , 1:00 p . m. 
Om ilani Padme Hum , 312 West Matthews Campus, 4:00 p.m. 
Students For Responsible -Action , 310 W Matthews Campus, 7:30 p.m . 
University Extension jazz concert featuring Bobby lIutchesson and 

Harold Land, "Definitions in Jazz" , UCSD Gym , 8:00 p . m., tickets 
$2 .00 students/$3.00 general sold at the door . 

Wednesday , Hay 28 , 1969 
Om ;1ani Padme Hum, 312 W Matthews Campus , 4:00 p.m . 
':conomics Club, Speaker Dr . Tjersland, "Poverty Program in San Diego", 

Inter-Language Club Lounge, 7:00 p . m. 
Soaring Club, USB 3010, 7:00 p . m. 
Language Club film - German, "Der Blaue Engel" ("The Blue Angel"), USB 2 722 

8 :00 p.m. 
Students International Meditation Society, HL Auditorium, 8:00 p.m. 
Coffee Hut movie, "Hurricane Express", 9:30 p.m. 

Thursday, May 29, 1969 
Om Mani Padme Hum, 312 W Matthews Campus, 4:00 p.m . 
Arts and Lectures lecturer Charles D. Kel'ling "Secular Increase in 

Carbon Dioxide", HL Auditorium , 4:15 p.m. 
Go Slub , Coffee Hut, 8:00 p.m . 
Music Drpartment Concert of Electronic Music , UCSD Art Gallery , 8:30 p.m. 

free. 
Student World Federalists, Informal Lounge, 8:30 p . m. 

Friday , May 30, 1969 
1emorial Day 

~----------------------------- -~------------------------~ 

CANCELLED! ! 
fiesta de la gente 

(MCllse .f strl. """.p ••• ts)' 

flESHMEN 
SOPHOMORES aiel 
JUNIOR STUDENTS 

Marine Corps 
Undergraduate 
Officer Training 

Avlntlon .•• Grotnt ... Law Options 
I., 23r" --- from 10 a.m . ·2 p.m. 
, A MARINE CORPS OFFICER WILL BE ON CAMPUS 
' 0 interview and answer questions concerning undergra. 
~u~te officer traini~g . The Mari ::o Corps' PLC program 
trolns students dUring the summer but does not require 
::Jny. participat ion during the school year. Students accept· 
ed Into the PLC program are draft deferred until graduat-
ion, earn more pay on active duty, and are commissi oned 
a sec:ond lieutenant upon graduation from college. Active 
duty requirement is three years . The program is open to 
all undergraduate students, who are registered as full 
time students and who meet the basic mental and physical 
requirements . Inquires may be made at the Placement 
Office today. 

• • • 

Dr. Paul Horsch will be a 
Guest in Residence this Friday, 
May 23. Two informal dis-
cussions are scheduled: at 4:00 
p.m. and 7:00 p.m. in the Gala-
tbA..a guest apartment. Also a 
reserved dinner has been planned. 

Dr. Horsch is chairman of the 
Religion and Eastern Studies De-
partment of the University of 
Zurich, Switzerland, and an out-
standing scholar and leading San-
skritist in Europe. He has an 
impressive number of publica-
tions in German, French, and 
English. 

He is both an orientalist as 
well as a psychoanalyst who stu-
died under L. Renou at the Sor-
bonne and C.G. Jung. For ten 
years he has been lecturing to 
American graduate students at 
the C.G. Jung Institute in Zurich. 
His voluminous (6th) book on the 
"Vedic Gatha Literature" (in 
German) has just come on the 
market. 

The discussions are open. 

:*************** The "Rejoice' folk mass with 
guitar accompaniment will be 
featured in the celebration of 
Pentecost at University Lutheran 
Church in La Jolla this Sunday. 

UCSD students Bev Lintvedt, 
John MaUson and Kathy Shappee 
will serve as musicians. Campus 
Pastor John George Huber will 
preach on the theme, "The Whole 
Gospel for the Whole Man," based 
on the fifth Mission Affirmation 
of The Lutheran Church--Miss-
ouri Synod. 

Worship begins at 10:00 a.m. 
The chapel is located on the 

western edge of La Jolla's Uni-
versity of California campus, at 
the junction of La Jolla Shores 
Drive and N'orth Torrey Pines 
Road. All are welcome. Child 
care is provided. 

Plans are crystalizing for a 

dialogue with pastors and laymen 
who have concerns about the Lu-
theran ministry at UCSD. The 
open meeting is scheduled, for 
Sunday afternoon, June 1, 3:00 
p.m., at University Lutheran 
Church. Telephone 453-0561 for 
details. 

An abbreviated "retreat" is 
set for the weekend of June 
7-8. The event will include con-
tacts with the black and brown 
students at UCSD who are in-
terested in establishing the Lu-
mumba-Zapata College, a talkby 
Revelle Provost Paul SaUman, 
and a sermon Sunday morning by 
former pastor Warren Timmer-
mann, "A Radical Faith for a 
Turned-Off Generation. " 

~*************** CAMPUS STRIFE TO BE DIS-
CUSSED AT BETH TEFILAH 

The current wave of demon-
strations, protests, and riots on 
American college campuses will 
be among the topics covered in 
a talk by Paul Hamburg to be 
given at Congregation Beth Te-
lilah at Sabbath Evening Festival 
Services on Friday, May 23. 

The service will coincide with 
the second evening of Shavuot, 
the Pentecost Festival celebrated 
by Jewish people ull over the 
world in commemoration of the 
Revelation of the Ten Command-
ments at Mt. Sinai three thou-
sand years ago. 

**************** 
All student lockers in the Gym-

nasium must be cleared by 
Thursday, June 12. Personal 
items found in lockers after June 
12 will be discarded. All equip-
ment and clothing borrowed from 
the Department of Physical Edu-
cation must be returned ho the 
Equipment Issue Room by that 
date or reimbursement made to 
the department. 

--etaut/ied ;leU 
Lost - Greenish-brown cordouroy jacket - call Heavy, 453-1953. 
FOR SALE: MG-B, late 65 model, excellent condition iris blue 
tonneau, new tires, new top, stick shift. $1550 or best offer. Cal'l ' 
755-3115. 

SUMMER FUN! 67 Chevy Sports Van, like VW bus, more room 
aDd H.P., $1600, 453-0291, evenings. 

TRAVEL: Want a ride to New York or Chicago after June 15th. 
Call collect 474-5875. 

SURFBOARD: A Chuck Dent roundtail des ign with a Vari-Set Fin 
System and an extra drift-type fin. $90 •.• Call Jim at 453-1121 
for more information. 

SCUBA GEAR: Healthways tank, 72 cubes, reserve valve, back 
pack, boot: $45. Sportsways regulator, single-hose Sport-Diver 
m<>?el: $45, immaculate condition. 9 Ibs. weights, with belt: $10. 
Wnst compass: $4. Call Clay at 453-1688 or come u~ to Argo 562. 

WANTED: Five dependable men for part-time job. Phone 276-6350. 
FOR SALE: 1963 TR-3-B, new paint, excellent condition, $900. 
Call Jane Sinders, Scripps, Bldg. T -7, ext. 2485. 

WANTED: Experienced babysitter for 17 month old boy. Call 453-
4355 for more information. 

HAffiCUTS FOR MEN: $1.50. Dsl Mar Barbershop, across the 
street from Spe~dee Mart. 755-4433. 

ROOMATE WANTED - (June 1st to ?) To share a modern furnished 
apartment in Del Mar. $65/mo. Call 755-3750 for Bob. 

FOR SALE: Stereo, amplifier-turnable combination with speakers 
phones , and accessories. $100 mr best offer. Call Ken at 453-112i 
or stop by Argo 556. ' 

••• Blew his mind out in a car, didn't notice that the light had changed ••• 
Muntz M-45 4-track car stereo unit $30.00 
6 to 12 volt converter $15.00 
Tape selection $1 & $2 
Car radio $40.00 
Plus Empi wooden steering wheel $25.00 
Call Rob at 755-8380 or 755-3651. 
30 hours baby s itting weekly (15 month old girl) for La Jolla studio 
cottage. Near beach, bus -June 1969- 1970. Some experience necessary 
Call 459-7193. • 


