
A controversy seems to be 
brewing over the role that athle-
tics, especially intercollegiate a-
thletics, is to play in UCSD's fu-
ture. 

Chancellor Mc Gill revealed 
yesterday to the Triton that a 
committee he had appointed to 
explore this area had produced 
conflicting and inconclusive re-
sults. Now the Chancellor hopes 
to appeal to the student body for 
advice, for the feels that they 
should have the preponderant 
voice in this matter. 

McGill said that the athletic 
department has been pushing for 
quite some time to join the Cal-
ifornia College Athletic Associ-
ation, which would involve inter-
collegiate competition in an es-
tablished league of colleges. To 
implement this, they also desir-
ed to embark upon a program of 
athletic subsidization. 

McGill felt that they were push-
ing too fast, but that by the same 
token, a previously formulated 
policy of the Academic Senate, 
initiated largely through the ef-
forts of one person, was unrea-
sonable; this pollcy towards a-
thletic involvement was zero. 

Therefore, McGill appointed an 
advisory commUee last October 
to formulate an athletic pollcy. 

This committee included, among 
others, Provosts Saltman and 
stewart, Dean Murphy, Professor 
Bradner, and Tom Shepard. It 
also included Tom Ham, Presi-
dent of the UCSD Honorary A-
lumni Association and owner of 
the Bali Hai Restaurant. 

This committee recently sub-
mitted its consensus report, 
which called for a moderate ath-
letic pollcy, with some sub<;idi-
zation of athletes. However, a mi-
nority report was filed by Dean 
Murphy, AS President Tom She-
pard, and Professor Bradner. 
They expressed their categorical 
opposition to subsidization in any 
form. 

Subsequently, Mr. Ham wrote 
a four-page letter to the chan-
cellor denouncing the work of the 
committee completely. He said 
that UCSD would have no future 
in this community if it didn't 
start a program of big-time ath-
letics immediately. 

Finally, Professor Frank 
Thiess of the Math Department, 
who chaired the committee, in-
formed Dr. McGill in a letter 
received Monday that in light of 
the disagreement over the com-
mittee's findings, he had decided 
that further study was necessary, 
and that the report already sub-

mUted should be disregarded. 
McGill will make available to 

the Triton Times the majority 
and minority reports, as well as 
the various correspondence re-
ceived from the parties involved 
in this matter. These documents 

will be printed, if deemed worthy, 
in upcoming editions. 

What McGill hopes to do now, 
is to hear student opinion. He 
is considering holding areferen-
dum in the near future. McGill 
said that he "hopes to interest 
the student body in the formation 
of a moderate athletic policy." 
He favors UCSD participation in 
an intercollegiate conference, but 
opposes subsidization. Ultimate-
ly, the decision should be made 
by the students, McGill said. 

The Triton Times is especial-
ly anxious to co-operate in sti-
mulating a public discussion of 
this matter. We will set aside 
a full page, if necessary, to pre-
sent any viewpoint aired. Please 
address correspondence to: Tri-
ton Times, Bldg. 250, UCSD, La 
Jolla, or bring to the office. 
Try to keep your articles short-
not over 250 words. 

Of course, you can also expect 
some editorial comment by the 
staff of the paper in the future. 

it-on~~·me5 
Vol ume 6, Issue 2 JAnuary 24, 196:1 

Unive rsity of Cal ifornia, San pie'1o 

Ti".. ~~ . ~·n >rican Federation of Teachers pickets at San Diego ~tate 
were joined Wednesday by about 15 faculty members from UCSD. 

At Berkeley 
See story on page 4. 

Fire Guts Auditorium 
Fire gutted the main aud-

itorium of Wheeler Hall on the 
Berkeley Campus shortly before 
9:00 pm, Wednesday night. Chan-
cellor Heyns in a statement said 
that he strongly suspected arson, 
but added that "it was too early 
to tell what had happened." 

A fireman at the scene said, 
"This is the work of a profes-
sional arsonist. Only gasoline 
vapors would have made the fire 
spread so quickly." 

Students in the upper two stor-
ies of the four-story building 
initially discovered the names 
and attempted to extinguish the 
fire with hoses and extinguisher 
tanks, but the fire was too big. 
An alarm was turned in by a 
custodian at 9:18 pm and five 
engines responded to the three-
alarm fire. 

The fire was und r control by 

10:15 pm. Flames were con-
fined to the auditorium, but smoke 
and water damage was incurred 
throughout much of the rest of 
the building. Estimates placed 
damage costs at about $500,000. 

This tire came only a few 
days atter an unsuccessfulattempt 
to firebomb the auditorium early 
Monday morning. The attempt 
was discovered in time however, 
and there was only minor damage 
to some seats, portions of the 
wall, and some carpeting. 

The 900-seat auditorium is lo-
cated in the lower two stories 
of Wheeler Hall. The building 
is one of the oldest on the Ber-
keley Campus. Built in 1918 
at a cost of $750,000, the build-
ing was dedicated to Benjamin 
Ide Wheeler who served as pre-
sident of the college from 1899 
to 1919. 

'p .. o-.a .. c ••• 
Rally W.eI. 

An educational rally on the 
Marcuse rehiring issue is plan-
ned for next Wednesday at noon 
in the Revelle plaza. The rally 
is part of an honor Marcuse 
week which will be devoted to 
discussions of Marcuse, why he 
is an object of cummunity pres-
sure, and why he should be re-
hired. 

The rally is being coordinated 
by an ad hoc committee as a 
focal point within the week. Also 
during that week people are en-
couraged to discuss Dr. Marcuse, 
his work, why it is important 
that he be rehired, and the over-
riding issues which affect not 
only this issue, but all other 
things which go on within the 
University and the community. 

On Tuesday, The Philosophy 
Club (graduate students of the 
philosophy department) met and 
decided to spend next week talk-
ing about Marcuse in their class-
es. Going along with this the 
ad hoc committee is attempting 
to get people to sit down and 
talk about it on their own, in 
the dormitories and in the class-
rooms. 

There are also plans in the 
works for skits which will be 
presented both in the plaza at 
Revelle, in the quad at Muir, 
and at Scripps. 

The success of this week as 
an educational experience is de-
pendent upon people getting in-
volved in the discussions, and 
in the rally. 
....................... 

FLASH 
By a vote of 30-25 the Aca-

demic Senate Tuesday evening 
pa 'sed the following resolution: 

As an experiment for the Win-
ter Quarter only, 25 seats shall 
be reserved for students and 
academic and faculty staff to be 
admitted as observers on a first 
come, fir serve basis. 

Dr. HERBERT MARCUSE Photo by Doug Eas on 

McGill Still Has No, 
Decision on Marcuse 

What is the status of the con-
troversial wor ld-famed author 
and philosopher Dr. Herbert 
Marcuse? 

This is the Question that the 
1000 students who signed a pe-
tition during the final exam week 
supporting his re-hiring would 
like answered. It is probably a 
question that the Copley Press 
and the American Legion would 
also like answered, both of whom 
have waged extensive campaigns 
against Dr. Marcuse. 

The ultimate decision rests 
with San Diego Chance llor Wil-
liam McGill, although the Board 
of Regents legally could step in 
to overrule him. 

The Triton Times spoke to 
Dr. McGill yesterday, and he 
stated that he can now announce 
with complete certainty that he 
will not be able to make a de-
cision on that matter until the 
first of the month. 

McGill stated that he is wait-
ting for the recommendation of 
an ad hoc faculty committee which 
is considering the question. How-
ever the committee 's work is , . 
proceeding very slowly, he sald. 

Marcuse, 71, is past the man-
datory retirement age for uni-
versity professors, which is 68. 
Therefore, his contract must be 
renewed on a yearly basis by 
the chancellor . 

McGill maintained that excep-
tions are rarely made to the 

mandatory retirement, but that 
UCSD, as a matter of fact, has 
a preponderance of faculty mem-
bers who are past that age. Se-
veral other professors will be 
retired this year, and it is get-
ting hard to justify a double stan-
dard being applied to somp, he 
said. 

As for the criterion being used 
to judge Dr. Marcuse's Qualifi-
cations, McGill con ended that 
they were purely academic. The 
main question is whether or not 
he is "active intellectually." 
McGill recognized the pOlitical 
nature of the situation, but 
claimed that pressure applied by 
such groups as the San Diego 
Union and the American Legion 
would not prejudice his deCision 
in the slightest. 

As for the possible interfer-
ence in the decision by the Board 
of Regents, McGill said that al-
though the Marcuse matter had 
not been brought up either in 
open or executive session of the 
Board at last week's meeting, 
he wouldn't preclude such action. 

McGill stated: "The Board 
has interested itself in a variety 
of details of other campuses and I 
find no reason to believe that 
it wouldn't take similar action 
with respect to our campus. , . 
McGill did say that he wouldn't 
look with fa vor upon such action. 
He described the Regents as a 
"politicized body." 

. 't.i nucd cr] T".2 ,c 

Sheriffs Harrass BSU 
on SlI Barbara Campus 

The Black Students Union at 
UC Santa Barbara has charged 
that local police are pursuing a 
policy of continual harrassment 
of its members. 

In a dramatic series of events 
there during the last two week , 
two black students were arrested 
on campus while the Santa Bar-
bara Sheriff Department invaded 
the campus without consulting the 
campus police or the adminis-
tration. 

The controversy began a week 
ago Tuesday when the Sheriff's 
Department arrived at the cam-
pus radio tation KCSB and de-
manded a tape recording of a 
BSU rally. The rally had been 
held on the niversit enter 
lawn, which i supposed to be 
a free speech area. Th Sher-
iff said that th re had en com-
plaints of obscenity at that rally, 
and had com to confiscat the 
tape as evid nce. 

The gener 1 Manager of the 
radio station, Mlk Bloom, kept 
his cool and the tape by refusing 

the officers, after ha\inglearned 
that they did not have a court 
order for it confiscation. 

While this confrontation was 
taking place, members of the 
Santa Barbara BSU arrived at 
the radio station. They al 0 
wanted th tape. During the 
introductions, the pollce pre-
sented one of the BSt.: members 
with an arrest warrant which 
they happened to ha ve with them. 
VallejO Kennedywa< arrested and 
jailed for a traffic VI olation which 
he committed whih' he was on 
probation for some 0 her offen e. 

The Sherriff's putm nt had 
not notified the campus police 
or the admini. tration that out-
side polic vuiu lit:' l.UIIUll unto 
the campu • Thi action prompt-
ed BS and SO to hold an 
"ob enity rally· Ja t Thur day. 
Fifteen hunrir d tudent turned 
out for th festiviti , which 
included raucous singing as well 
as guest speakers from the two 

pon oring groups. 
conti l('d on par 3 



Page :2 Janua ry 24. 1969 
~~-------~-------

RESIST REGENTS 
(Editor's note: Last week's editorial, for several reasons that are 
best forgotten, was 1)utchered. Besides its title, "Regents' Nega-
tive UC," which was totally incomprehensible, the last four paragraphs 
were chopped off. Furthermore, the concluding paragraph, left as 
it was contradicted the main body of the editorial. Consequently, we 
wish t~ first apologize for this mess, and then to clarify and continue 
last week's editorial, which we feel was quite an important one) . 

To refresh your memory we present a brief summary of the edI-
torial thus far: The strategy employed by student and faculty leaders 
at the San Diego Regents meeting was to influence the liberal and 
moderate Regents by a show of "responsible" protest. 

In retrospect, and taking into account that re.cent Reagan appoint-
ments further solidify his political stranglehold on the Board, the 
tactic of applealing to the Regents' sense of justice is no longer appro-
priate. 

The Board of Regents, now more than ever, is constltute~ of a gro~p 
of men who have gained their positions not through thelr academiC 
qualifications, but more through accomplishments in industry and po-
litics. 

Therefore we find these men to be incompetent to handle the affairs 
of the univ~rsity, and often to be disposed to act in opposition to the 
actual welfare of the university. . 

This current situation leaves students and faculty with· but c;me 
conclusion tq make, this being that the Board of Re.gent~ is no longer 
the rightful governing body of the University of Califorma. Governor 
Reagan's claim that his Boa~d represents the p~ople of California 
(that elusive "silent majority") is Dot a . valid Justification either. 
Although the tax payers suppOrt tIte univer~ty, they are extremely 
misinformed (brainwashed .would be a better word) and are not com-
petent to govern the university. . 

Although . we expect our politicians to be highly competent ~Il~ 4"'01.-
lUied ,for leadership, laymen have the right of membership ~ p0-
litical tribunals, since the government exists to serve the will of 
the people,. 

However, the analogy cannot be extended to the universities, since 
they are intended to serve not the general popula~e, but those who 
wish to pursue academic truths. Since the universlty serves a spe-
cialized group, the constituency of the university can and does expect 
to be governed not by laymen, but by competent academic represen-
tatives. 

There still remains a great deal of legitimacy in the authority of 
the chancellors and especially the Academic Senate, the duly con-
stituted representative body of the faculty, even though increasingly 
appointments to high positions will and are already dictated by po-
litical motivation (e.g. S. I. Hayakawa). 

The sub-structure oC the University comes closer to being a truly 
just system, and at those levels there is more of an inclination to 
take student opinion into consideration, thereby insuring the saU.s-
faction and harmonious co-existence of all members of the univerSity 
community. 

However the Board of Regents is no longer a viable body. U we 
are to ma~tain the existing standards of the University of California 
and prevent the further corrosion of this institution by the lack of 
understanding, or perhaps malicious intent of a body of men at best 
incompetent and at worst fascistic, we must ignore, or defy when 
necessary, the Board of Regents. 

EDITOR IN C HIE F 
John McC:nthy 

NEWS EDITOR 
Steve Landau 

SPORTS EDITOR 
Bob Gorby 

FINE ARTS EDITOR 
Paul Hamburg 

PHOTOGRAPHY EDITOR 
Doug Easton 

MANAGING EDITOR 
Chris Sheldon 

AD MANAGER 
John Demirjian 
FEATURE EDITOR 
Tom Ba.ker 

COPY EDITOR 
Haywood Gammon 

STAFF SECRETARY 
Peggy Braunstein 

STAFF WRITERE 

Bill Alaoglu 
Clayton Andersor 
J eft Brittain 
Mike Duca 
Randy Ericson 
Bobby Lou Gibb 
Jeri Grayman 
Eric Halgren 
Portia LaTouche 
Kerwin Lebeis 
George McCollis:er 
Larry RaM 
Herman Rumper 
Ray Seavers 
Max Sick 
Craig Starr 
John Sussman 

Office: 250 MC J 
Phone: Ext. 1077 

COPY CREW 

Nancy Keys 
Chris Pflugfelder 

PHOTOGRAPHY STAFF 

LelUly Bourin 
Albert Elzas 

FlNE ARTS 

Joel Goodman 
Richard Harris 
Dave Sacherman 
JUSTOWRITERS 

Judy AIlsburg 
Marianne Decker 
Suzanne Nester 
Cindy Nieison 
Dave Stearns 

. SAM I. HAYAKAWA , ' 
ALIASES: Paper Puppet. Booilicker. Ruling C~ass Lackey. 'Flower Child 
HAS BEEN INDICTED B'Y TrtE PEOPLE FOR : . 

Enforcing racist corporaie policieS of tMBoard of T~ust~ of San Ftancisco ::itate College 
and sending ~rm~ thugs to attack. brutali.ze and maim studems. bla~ and third ~orld 

peopl~ fighting for their just demands. 
Hellas answered the demands by setting 600 cCfls on ca!"pus who have beaten and arreste<tfver 

100 people. He has suspended 'all civilliber:ties-it is now ~ crime to hold public r~~ies, . 
congregate on campu~ ornot be in class, T~e fight of students. to make' th.e ,college ,serve In 
the interest of the communil\' rather than Ihe cOl'pOrate bandits "'1110 run .the State College 
syi tem has been ansWered by ~ayakawa b~ "l8ki~g it a crime!f, r trye people cJ! the com· 

I munity to come to the campus to support (he strtke, 
EMP.LOYMENT : flrofessionally hai heen and still is; vocaf dff~al'of the pollc'", 01 ttie.corporate 

I class. Has recently been elevated to the Job of Acting Pres~nt of S.F "State. Ip this pOsiti"!l 
he is officially serving as apple 1)0lishin9. ass ki ing lacJ?e.,{ 'or heoCorporat~ power ftr~cture 
wt.ich controls the State ColI~ system. He takes real o/0f~sipral pri~e i enforcing ~~8t _ 
power's racist policies at San ~ ~ancisco Sta~e College. -

DESCRIPTION : Maves body in slig~ly i~rky m6tions as if limbs~wke Bttadned ttl sboin,s. tends ' 
to stumble, when speak~-speaks as if he is reading what some~ne w~ote. q~ite frequently 

tdral'Bs himself in aromaiic flowers. reportedly to counteract !lie snlell of h,s bl~y.n8ntl s. 
~S~OcrATIONS : Hayakawa!is tKe linger man of a world wide gang of crooks. m~rde.rers and 

cohiidence' men . This gang has'terrorized ahd suppressed people-for yeir;, The local chal'tet 
:Operates out of CalifornIa - their fronts are the "Trustees" a s~but highly 'organiud gang 
of .corporate henchmen led tsy " Big Ted" MlViam anti " Blue Max" RefJerty who~dse as : 
serv.ntsof the State Co"lIege system, Tile o li\er front:gr.oup is the: " Poli t icians".;e larger , 
Ijr~p les! by Joe Alioto .and R'?,nn ie Reagan.!WhQ5e,rpain io!1is .to swimjle pe~ple by making , 
laws arid policie~ w~ich.~rvt; a~~ cover ~or H'e yust.ee .Gang. . 

CAUTION : uo not "y 10 apprehend him yourself) He is.dan!lerollS, havi~ been seen 1.0 p~Ysfca ny 
• aup' students and never travelt without ar;r'ed. body guards:-up to. ~OO at one !~me, 

0;'1; the Power of the Unit", People will be able to Apprehend this F.elon:and Destrov his'Bo_ 
The Bandit :rrustees and Hel)chm.n Politicians! • 

LETTERS 
Rumper Indictment of Electoral System Challenged 

Party since Nixon woneverypn- contributions from the multitude. 
Dear Editor: mary he entered. On the Demo- Consider also the important news 

There is a specter haunting cratic side the nature of Eugene coverage of the candidates which 
American politics; the specter McCarthy's ·victory· in New costs . nothing. Both H~mphrey 
of sour grapes. Down through Hampshire has already been and Nixon are wo~th conslderably 
the halls of history from the mentioned. less than a mill~on dolJar~ and 
defeated legions of antiquity to In Wisconsin McCarthy is re- both were makID~ .televlsion 
the disappointed fans of the puted to have won another great appeals for contnbutlons right 
Brooklyn Dodgers and, most re- victory with 57 percent to 35 up to the l~st . day. . Remember 
cently, the followers of Eugene percent for Johnson. This total also that thlS I S a nch count~y 
McCarthy, rings the immortal includes, however, the one in and the small contributor multl-
cry of the sore loser, ·We wuz four Republicans who crossed plied by a few .hundred thous~nd 
robbed.· over in Wisconsin's open pri- adds up to qUlte a campalgn 

This is the essence of a recent mary to vote against Lyndon kitty. 
guest editorial in the Triton Johnson. Throwing out these Still 1 can understand the dis-
Times. You may be more GOP votes to leave only the interest and consequent ignor-
familiar with this phenomena as democratic vote results in a ance of Mr. Rumper. He wants 
it relates to sports. Such as virtual dead heat between Johnson rapid change in the U.S. and he 
when the losing team blames the and McCarthy. The saintly does not believe a Humphrey or 
officials or the wind or the McCarthy was happy to take 50 Nixon can provide it. Very well , 
full mo~n, or the rotation of of the 59 delegates in Wisconsin then what about a new party? 
the earth for their defeat. In without facing a moral dilemma. To be . sure Mr. Ru~per h.as 
that he is the victim of a corrupt Johnson had withdrawn by then been antICipated by, rn Calif-
system. and it was too late for Humphrey orilia, the .Peace and Freedom 

Mr . Rumper, the author of to get started in the primaries. party. ThlS party appe~red on 
the above mentioned editorial, about .20 state ballots rn 1968 
claims that the primaries are Thus, McCarthy faced active and wlth the emergence of the 
a fraud because the electorate opposition from someone other left-wing New Party there is a 
is faced with candidates who do than KelUledy only once more, radical alternative o.n al~ost 
not offer contrasting views. No in Florida. In Florida a slate eve~y ,state ballot, rncludrng the 
doubt those who cast their ballots pledged to favorite son Senator Soclallst Workers and Commu n-
in the New Hampshire, Wiscon- Smathers a Humphrey adherent, ists.. ., 
sin, Nellraska, South Dakota ,Dis- easily defeated McCarthy winning How dId the~e partie s d? ~ 
trict of Columbia, and FIcrida 57 of the state's 63 delegates. the recent preSIdential electlOn . 
primaries would be surprised to The answer is that all the rad-
hear that. Conclusive proof of Humph- ical vote taken together was con-

Mr. Rumper then asserts that rey's popularity was provided by siderably less than I percent ?f 
the write- in vote is a waste of the Gallup Poll conducted among the total national vote. Thelr 
time. Again he should look to rank and file Democrats across names were on the ballot and 

ew Hampshire. In 1964 Henry the nation. When asked to choose the electorate could have chosen 
Cabot Lodge defeated Barry between McCarthy and Humphrey them freely, BUT they chose 
Goldwater and Nelson Rocke- the result always gave Humphrey of their own will not to vote 
feller with a write-in campaign. at least a ten point lead. for them. 
This year the only name on The United Stat~s electoral 
the New Hampshire Democratic The last pole taken July 21 system did not sprmg from the 
presidential ballot in New gave Humphrey 53 percent to hand of the Devil incarnate, it 
Hampshire was Eugene Mc- 39 percent for McCarthy. Rem- was ~hosen by rational men who 
Carthy yet an obscure write-in ember that this does not include had Just fought a vlolent revo-candid~te named Lyndon Johnson the preference of independent or lution. Their g.oal was to c~e-
took 49 percent to Mc Carthy's Republican voters but only rank ate a system WhICh wo.uld provlde 
42 percent. Curiously, this was and file Democrats. This pole for peaceful ~evolutlOn as the 
interpreted as a victory for Mc- further showed McCarthy trailing people determmed. They suc-
Carthy. Humphrey in all sections oC the ceeded, witness 1828, 1860, and 

• All right then," I can hear 
you saying, "the people did have 
a choice In the prirnaries, but 
their choice was not reflected 
in the nominees oC the two major 
parties." Most of this discussion 
centers about the Democratic 

country except the far west. 1932 elections. 
Mr. Rumper continues that the The machinery for peaceful 

high cost of campaigning forces revolution is there,butthepeople 
candidates to sell out to the do not chose to exercise it at 
"moneyed interests· (bogey man) this time. 

Sincerely, or to be a mlIlionaire. Yet Mc-
Marthy managed to run an am-
bitious nation- wide campaign on 

AS " Senate Notes . 
by ANGELO WM. ALAOGLU 

The opening of the Place, in the Revelle North Dining Hall, has 
placed the Coffee Hut in grave financial difficulty. The AS Senate 
meeting dealt with this problem at some length, coming to the basic 
COfl-;"'1l5US that new goals must be formulated to deal with this new 
situation. 

The AS Senate was unhappy with the apparent unprecedented uni-
lat'~ral action of the AuxilIary Enterprises, establishing the Pla.ce 
without consulting either the AS or the student members of the AUXll-
lary Enterprises Committee, and was deeply concerned with the pos-
sible demise of the Coffee Hut. 

The Senate was also asked for funding of $3000 by the Cultural 
Traditions project organizing a Black Art Exhibit, which would in-
clu1e the influences from African Art and African influenced Eur-
opeall Art , to the evolution of Black Art in America. 

The grave financial condition of the AS, with approximately $500 
unallocated .prevented full support. The AS voted $200, which was 
all tllat v!as felt could be given at this time, and voiced approval 
of the project, agreeing to state its wishes for complete financing 
to the Registration Fee Committee. 

:********************************* The AS Senate also approved a motion restricting its sale of bus 
tokens to undergrads only, in response to irregularites, large scale 
purchases, by non-undergraduates. The price ~i1I re~ain 7 for $1. 

The Program Board r eport primarily dealt WIth a Flesta, planned 
for Spring Quarter. This would be a three day event including an 
open air dance big name entertainment, a possible rat race (a race 
between v~riou~ ope rant conditioned rodents). The cooperation of 
Maya, the Music Department and a lecture by a noted ~exican anthro-
pologist is intended to make the Fiesta an educahonal, as well as 
reereational project. 

The Program Board report also included alUlouncements o~ several 
concerts, including Elvin Jones, and Plotz from San FranCISco, and 
a p".;sible post-percipitory Mud Tug. 

PreSident Shepard briefly reported on the events at the Regents 
meeting describing the new Regents, including Mr. Smith who lead 
the stat~wide fight (or Proposition 14, Is apparently in Reagan's pocket. 
Shepard felt that Reagan could impose tuition whenever he wished . 

J. E. Sills 

SantaBarbara 
c(')ri". ~ "'I'.lCC~ f rcj.! 8 ge ) 
Paul Jacobs of the Center for 

study of Democratic Institutions, 
and a former senatorial candi-
date of the Peace and Freedom 
Party, also spoke at the rally. 
One of the main points brought 
out by the speakers was that 
in this SOCiety obeenlty laws are 
enforced only when there is no 
other charge to be made. 

This rally resulted in another 
arrest ot a BSU member on an 
obscenity complaint from an 
assistant professor in the Geo-
logy department. Later, through 
the demands or the "United 
Front· consisting of BSU, SDS, 
and UMAS (a Chicano organiz -
ation), the complaint and the 
arrest were revoked . 

The United Front met the Chan-
cellor in Campbell Hall in a 
confrontation meeting at which 
the auditorium was filled with 
concerned students. United Front 
presented eleven demands which 
included the revoking. of the stu-
dent's arrest. 

other demands were: an end 
to police harrassment oC BSU 
on campus, the true implement-
ation of free speech, the est-
ablishment of a black studies 
department and a Mexlcan-
American studies department. 

The United Front also charged 
the administration with not keep-
ing the promises which it had 
made earlier when a group of 
s tudents took over a bu!lding 
last fall. 

January 24, 1969 Paqe 3 

UNDER THE OLD REGIME 
~.,v 

or Back in the USSR 
Memories of Sparta 

by Tom Baker 
Today, the American Legionis 

acting as the shock troops in 
the latest fr ontal assault upon 
Professor Herbert Marcuse. In 
past issues, the Triton Timp.s 
has expressed outrage at such 
attempts. This week however, 
we launch a counter-offensive. 
Who is this enemy, this Ameri-
can Legion? Just what sort of 
organization is it? 

I hope to shed some light on 
the matter by recall rng my own 
personal experiences with the A-
merican Legion, as a high school 
"delegate" to the Legion-spon-

~~[redk::!on~ir.~ ~t~~,~~~:.f,~ 
Boy's State is held each summer 
in Sacramento as a .. learning 
experience in the workings of 
American democracy." Students 
are selected fr om nearly every 
high school in the state. 

The adventure started at 5: 30 
a.m. in the morning, when we 
arrived at Convention Headquar-
ters, a filthy, diseased ridden 
barn used for storing cattle. 
However, the cattle had been e-
vacuated, and beds were moved 
in. At an early mOt:ning m~et­
ing that first day, we were cau-
tioned against going barefoot, as 
we were likely to contract some 
disease. I guessed hoof and 
mouth, perhaps typhoid. 

That evening, we were intro-
duced tothe counselor s , who were 
of course distinguished legion-
naires. Each was introduced in 
turn by the MC, who recapped 
each hearty' s record in either 
World War I, World War II, or 
the Korean War. "Yes, kiddi=s , 
old Bruno here sunk eighty-five 
Japanese aircraft carriers, shot 
down five hundred enemy planes, 
and raised the flag over 11,1'0 
Jima." Or, "Ralph was a fine 
example of American courage, 
being wounded five times in World 
War I, and earned the Distin-
guished Service Cross. A fine 
American, I tell you ..... · 

And then, when we actually 
met the hero who was to be 
our counselor, he started off with 
something like" Alright men, we 
don't want any messing around. 
We 're here to do a job, and don't 
forget it. " 

The field marshall ofthe whole 
affair was an eighty-years-old 
centurion named Willard Wilt 
(really). His number-two man 
was named Philo Chambers. E-

very morning at 6:00 a.m., Philo 
blew "Revielle" on hiS bugle, 
and boomed out on he P.A. sys-
tem "Rise and Shine: Rise 
and Shine . Toda~' is Tuesday, 
all day long. How would you 
like your eggs this morning " 
(We never had eggs. Ins ead 
there was always this brov," mush 
which smelled like gunpowder.) 

I worked on the "newspaper" 
up there. The "newspaper" con-
sisted of various k ids reporting 
on the activities of each "City" 
they lived in. ~luch of it was 
concerned with the results of 
various inter-City athlptic con-
tests. However, along with a 
good friend oC mind, I colla-
borated in writing a column called 
"r\ot Too Thrilled." It was 
inocuous enough, but one day 
we wrote that the Amp. rican Le-
gion was selling mail-order ba-~OOkaS under the counter to "de-
serving" delegates. This re-
sulted in our physical expulsion 
from the newspaper office, and 
we we re warner! that further she -
nanigans would result in our re -
turn hore. By tha t time , I 
was all too willing. 

Elections for various offices 
were held. Courts were estab-
lished to demorstrate "due pro-
cess in action. " The most out-
standing case occurree when one 
City tried its Ma\'or for raping 
a fly. 

The crowning touch to the week 
was he" Americanism Rally." 
About 50 small Am"rican flags 
were set out across the stage 
of the auditorium, and e lectnc 
fans below them kept them all 
fluttering in the wind. Then, 
various "delegates " stood up and 
recited a prodigious amount of 
patriotic shlock, including a stir-
ring rendition of "I am the Flag." 
However, one kid got up th re 
and said that this whole assem ly 
was shit, and we ought to have 
better things to de. The n x 
day, he was overwhelmingly e-
lected to one of the high offi -
ces. 

These are only the outstandinl! 
highlights. I could go on. But 
I've got other things to do. I 
just thought you might like to 
know exactly who we're up a-
gainst. Considering the nature of 
their "learning experience in 
democracy," It is not at all 
surprising that they should un-
de rtake to force Dr . Marcuse 
off this campus. 

.TORREY PINES INS. AGINCY J AUTO LIFt: HO PIT. LIZ TIO Good tudellt Di count 
SEE US FOR THE BEST 

1222 Pro~pcct t. a Jolla 
459-4171 459-417 _ 



-"a e 4 January 24. 1969 

.co apPN".. 1I ••• y 
r ... , Ir It... .p ..•. r. 

At the meeting of the Revalle 
College Government on Tuesday, 
the agenda included the recom-
mendations for the Sub-commi-
ttee on ApPOintments for the Ju-
dicial Committee. the constitu-
tion, the budget request from the 
Pre-law Club, various committee 
replacements and appointments 
and, informally, a request for 
plane fare for speakers from San 
Francisco State. 

For the RC Judicial Commi-
ttee, Michael Orfield, Marie Ei-
sen, Sam Wilson and Robert Wood 
have been accepted. The usual 
term will begin in the spring 
Quarter although this first time 
the committee will be formed this 
Quarter and will serve for a 
little more than a year. Pro-
visions to this effect will be 
placed in Carl Neiburger's rough 
draft of the constitution. 

Dean Hull requested and the 
RCG approved $75 for a Pre-
law Club. Further information 
as to the objectives and the time 
of the next m'letiflg appear in 
this issue of the paper. The 
money will be used to buy ca-
talogues and books pertaining to 
graduate schools and the profes-
sIon itself. Three Revelle sen-
iors, a professor of Law at USD 

and Dean Hull discussed the 
formation of such a club, which 
is seen as necessary, because 
1) there is no Law Department 

Gl£ut-ilt-~ 

at UCSD; 2) there is no commi-
ttee similartothe Pre-MedCom-
mittee for them; 3) there are 
enogh students interested in la\\ 
here at UCSD to whom this club 
could be a great help. 

Next Tuesday three speakers 
from San Fancisco State will be 
here to talk about the students' 
and teachers' strikes. Tom Baer 
requested plane fare for one AFT 
speaker, but his request was not 
approved immediately. At the 
next meeting of the RCG, he will 
submit, in writing, an applica-

tion and justification in the name 
of the Indicator Printing Club 
for the money. 

The replacements and appoint-
ments brought before the RCG 
were 1) a replacement for the 
interim of a quarter for Bill 
Eastman, an ASUCSD senator; 
2) for the Judicial Committe-
four students and three RC faculty 
3) faculty replacement for Prof 
essors Rodney Gurtonand Carlos 
Blanco (Rodney Burton will re-
place Ann Conclin as Resident 
Dear); 4) Father Mort who will 
be the assistant Resident Dean. 

The RCG is primarily a stu-
dent-faculty organization with the 
inclusion of three key adminis-
trators. The resident dean, the 
college counselor, and the college 
dean presumably have much re-
levant information perta.ining to 
college life. The administration 
is represented, but two faculty 
members are being sought now. 

No Student Disruption 
at San Diego State 

NEW 
by Craig Starr 

While confrontation and dis-
ruption seems to characterize 
some of California's colleges--
as well as other colleges across 
the nation--there Is comparative 
quiet at San Diego state College. 
Classes go on there as usual. 
Students have not seized build-
ings or classrooms, and the ad-
ministration has not had to resort 
to the use of outside coercive 
force to maintain peace on cam-
pus. 

This may seem to suggest that 
the San Diego State campus is 
particularly apathetic and that 
the students and faculty there 
have yet to pe rceive the intense 
battle going on throughout the 
rest of the academic world with 
the adminIstration and the society 
which represses the search for 
Truth. 

Yet Maya, Black students' 
Council, Tuesday the NinthCom-
mittee, and various ad hoc com-
mittees are all auite active at 
State, and the students there have 
been as vigorou!1 in their striv-
ings for change as any students 
at San Francisco State or Ber-
keley. 

The crucial difference is that 
at San DIego State the students 
and administration have both ex-
hibited a mutual interest in con-
structive change and a willing-
ness to sit down and iron out 
differences. 

The administration at S.D. 
state, headed by college pres i-

I tJ 
San Diego state AFT pickets instead of striking, because of fwls. 

, 

dent, Dr. Malcolm Love, is a 
forward-looking, progressive 
body. Some time before heavily 
militant pressure was brought 
to bear on the administrations 
at San Francisco and other cam-
puses, Dr. Love and his staff, in 
response to • dissatisfaction 
voiced by BSU and other groups, 
made plans for a Department of 
Afro- American stUdies which 
will offer courses for credit and 
a major program that will culmi-
nate in a B.A. degree. The de-
partment is planned to be opera-
tional by the coming Fall. 

Student activist groups have 
responded in kind to the admini-
stration's desire for cooperation, 
and have not so much demanded 
as worked for change with the 
faculty and adm inistration. 

lower division) requirements for 
undergraduates. Working to-
gether, faculty and students 
worked up the final resolution 
which was okayed by the admini-
stration and passed by student 
referendum. 

As a result of this cooperation 
the number of general education 
units required was dropped from 
45 to 40 and the structure ilse If 
was greatly libera!lzed, Including 
a reduction In the number of 
math and science units required. 
In addition, several interdisci-
plinary courses may be offered, 
beginning in the Fall, as part of 
the general education curricu-
lum. 

Norman-Co'usins on Technocrac 
Not that the students have not 

held convocations and rallies like 
those on other campuses. The 
November 20 "Day of Awaken-
ing" at San Diego State was a 
major part of the movement to 
liberalize the general education 
requirements, and students there 
have been as vocal as those on 
other campuses in making known 
their desires. But the admini-
stration, instead of being deaf to 
the students, has been willing to 

sit down with them and to give 
them an active role in planning 
for the future of the college. 

The American Federation of 
Teachers local at San Diego State 
has mainly participated in in-
formational picketing. As on all 
campuses, its membership re-
flects the full spectrum of at-
titudes and persuasions. How-
ever, led by liberal elements, 
the S.D. State chapter of AFT 
has come out in support for the 
striking teachers at San Fran-
cisco State. Still, when AFT lo-
cals throughout the state voted 
to hold sympathy strikes for 
last Wednesday to protest the 
firing of the striking professors 
at San Jose, San Diego teachers 
voted to conduct an information-
al picket which would be a show 
of support but whiCh would not 
disrupt the rerular schedule of 
final exams. 

At the invitation of the Bio-
logy Department, Norman Cou-
sins will be a Guest in Residence 
here next Thursday and Friday, 
January 30 and 31. 

Dr. Cousins attended Columbia 
University and rece ived doctor-
ates in literature, humanities, 
and law. He has been the edi-
tor of the Saturday Review mag-
azine since 1940, and is the Hon-
orary President of the United 
World Federalists, an internat-
ional organization which seeks a 
stronger United ations to gain 
wider support for world federal 
government in an effort to pro-
mote world peace through world 
law. 

Dr. Cousins is also a noted 
author, whose books include: 
Modern Man is Obsolete, a treat-
ise on the effects oiatomic power 
on man; Who Speaks for Man?; 
In Place of Folly; and most re-
cently, Present Tense , an anth-
ology of his books and editorials. 

Neither the Saturday Review 
nor Mr. Cousins has stood off 
to one side to observe I j,ving 
histor y. The magazine was one 

of the first Arne rican periodi-
cals to write about the impli-
cations of atomic energy, and it 
was responsible for instituting 
a widespread program of post-
war relief and re habilitation in 
Hiroshima. Mr. Cousins was 
awarded Hiroshima's First Hon-
orary Citizenship. He holds a 
similar distinction in a half-
dozen other countries. 

President Kennedy credited 
both Cousins and the Saturday 
Review with having played a 
major part in the achievpment 
of the Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty. 

Modern Man is Obsolete, writ-
ten in 1945, was reprinted in 
a dozen languages and was one 
at the most widely circulated 
essays on the subject of control 
of nuclear power of the period. 

Recently, the Saturday Review 
has been giving emphasis to en-
vironmental hazards, and was in-
volved in helping to set up \a 
program for combating aIr po-
lution in New York City. 

Dr. Cousins will be available 
to students for informal discus-
sions on both Thursday and Fri: 

• 

E WHALE (IF A SHOW THAT 
IN A BURSTING PANORAMA" CECIL SMITH l.l.r.. 

Tuesday through Thcrsday at 8 30 .... $7 .50 ..... $6.50 ..... $5.50 
Sunday at 3 00 and 7.30 ... $7 .50 . $6.50 .. .... $5.50 
Frtday at 8 ·30..., ... $8.50 .. .... $750 ...... $6.50 
Saturday at 6:30 and 10'30 ... $850 ...... $7.50 ...... $650 

NO PERFOAMANCE S> ON MONDAY BO~ OFFICE OPEN 7 DAYS 

STUDENT DISCOUNT 
WITH 10 CARD - S2.00 OFF REG. PRICES 

GoOd Tues ,Thurs 8 JO Sa' 6 JO, Sun J 00 PM 
Sub Jec. t 10 Aval labllily Aq uariUS Theater 80lll: OHlce Only. 

TICkets at Southern Cahfornla M USIC CO . 637 So HIli St . all Mutual Ind 
Liberty Tlckot Agenc'es TRS Locilions and AquariUS BOlli Office 

MIll Ordef' Accepled 

A UARIU2 
1111 An R 

Sunset Boulevard (1 BIll: Easl 01 Vine) HOllYWOOd. CII,' 90028 Phone 461 

I I 

day. Dinner reservations, open 
to all students and faculty, for 
Thursday evening will be taken 
in the Resident Dean's Oflice 
at the bottom of Argo Hall be-
ginning Monday. This occasion 
will be slightly more formal 
than usual, since the group will 
have dinner served to them in 
the North Dining Hall, insulated 
from the din of the cafeteria. 

Dr. Cousins ' main lecture will 
be held on Thursday at 8:30 p.m. 
in the Humanities-Library Aud-
itorium. A full schedule of 
events for the two days wlll be 
posted at the beginning ot the 
week. 

Dr. Cousins, who enjoys 
speaking extemporaneously, has 
selected as the title for the 
Thursday lecture, - A University 
Education in a Technological Soc-
iety.· His opinion s regarding 
education are reflected in Modern 
Man is Obsolete, where he 
states: • Man will have to effect 
a radical transformation in his 
approach to and philosophy of 
education, which should prepare 
him not only for the business of 
work but for the business of 
living itself. Unlimited explor-
ation whould be the first im-
perative of any educational pro-
gram." 

In an editorial appearing in 
the Saturday RevIew, he stated: 
-A truly educated person is one 
who has reasonable knowledge, 
if not command, of his environ-
ment, who performs those acts 
that are re levant to his well-
being and the well-being of the 
people around him, who is able 
to think about and to antiCipate 
the effects of causes, and who 
can help to control the effects 
by helping to deal adequatelywlth 
the causes. However impress-
ive a man's acqUlsmon 01 worloly 
knowledge, however proficient 
his ability to marry theory to 
technique, if he cannot use his 
thinking ability and his skills to 
work for a safer and better world, 
his education is incomplete and 
he is in trouble.' Dr. Cousin's 
comment should interest all who 
are concerned with the relevance 
of our univers ity education. 

The most recent development 
is the Voluntary Committee for 
Contemporary Curriculum, a 
student-staffed committee which 
wfll structure and staff cour se s 
for credit. The VCCC was the 
result of continuing student pres-
sure for " relevant education", 
and the administration has al-
ready succeeded in obtaining the 
funds and creating a vacancy for 
one position which will be divided 
among four courses to be planned 
by the committee, most likely in 
the brown and black studies area. 
The most outstanding aspect of 
this plan howeve r is that some 
courses will be taught by per-
sons Qualified in the subject 
though they may not be recog-
nized professors. 

In the area of relevant educa-
tion, the students, faculty, and 
administration of San DIego State 
are understandably proud of the 
Experimental College which got 
under way thIs year. Though the 
courses are not for credit (with 
the exception of a black litera-
ture course offered in conjunc-
tion with the Literature Depart-
ment) the Experimental College 
has provided students with an 
opportunity to explore many hith-
erto unorthodox topics not of-
fered ion the regular curriculum, 
and the program as a whole to 
this point is considered an im-
portant step in the reorganiza-
tion of college curricula along 
more topical and contemporary 
lines. 

So far, nothing has been said 
of the faculty at San Diego State, 
but it should not be thought that 
they are any le ss active or vocal 
than the students. It was a faculty. 
member, Dr. Clay Sharts, as-
sociate professor of chemistry, 
who first formally intrOduced 
the proposal to liberalize the 
general education (non-major 

r .J' ' j 
A: IJ!) w.: ft, .,doll .JnllS'J'IJ 

This kind of avoidance of dis-
ruption of normal routines is the 
payoff of the cooperation between 
students, faculty, and admini-
stration at San Diego state. The 
so-called "silent majority', 
which is so often made out as the 
real loser in student-faculty-
administration confrontations, 
does not lose but gains at San 
Diego because disruption as a 
tactic Is not needed and progress 
as a goal is striven for by all 
involved. 

Some students caution against 
over-optimism or looking at San 
Diego State through rose-colored 
glasses alone. It is true that not 
everything is ideal there. There 
are still many student demands. 
Tuesday the NInth Committee, 
Maya, and BSC all join in calling 
for the abolishment of ROTC 
and the Placement Center on 
campus, and Maya would like to 
see, in addition to the Black 
studies program, a department 
of Chicano studies. 

These and other problems and 
dissatisfactions still exist, and it 
is entirely possible that they may 
not be solved In the immediate 
future to everyone's satisfaction. 
But the important thing is that 
at San Diego State College the 
mechanism exists in reality, not 
just in theory, by which dis-
senters and establishment can sit 
down and try to resolve dif-
ferences and promote the changes 
that are wanted and needed. An 
understanding, liberal admini-
stration and a constructively or-
iented student body and faculty 
have created an atmosphere of 
cooperation that has enabled 
change without confrontation and 
disruption tactlcs. 

., 

.; 

January 24, 1969 

RELUCEMORELUCEMORELUCEMORELUCEMORELUCEMORELU 
1(,1 Tom Baker' and 
C 1 rJ.?J /I Y'..tjp. r'8 on : 
vhotos hiJ DOU(1 EaRton 

(Editor's note: This is the con-
Mnuation of an interview with 
Phillip Abbot Luce begun last 
week.) 

(Luce): "I don't believe the 
black man will be free in the 
U.S. until he has the same e-
conomic potential as the white 
man, that he can't have this e-
conomic potential Wltil he has 
the educatlon and training. Now 
the government is not capable, 
in many cases, of handling this. 
But we are now seeing that the 
private sector is concerned e-
nough to really begin work in 
this area. 

Now everybody wants all this 
to work overnight; it can't hap-
pen overnight even if we were 
ta1king about the destruction of 
slum areas of the cities. Be-
sides which the results of what 
happened in areas like N . Y. whe re 
public housing was instituted in 
the ghetto areas has been total 
and complete disaster. The black 
people who moved into them, 
first of all, didn't want to move 
into them, in many cases. 

Second of all, they couldn't 
afford many of the public housing 
benefits; they lost their original 
homes. Those that moved into 
them had no sense of what they 
were really moving into. They 
just simply moved the slum area 
from one section to another and 
placed it in nice housing or 
quasi-nice housing. 

[ don't believe the"problem will 
be solved until the country as 
a whole decides that the only 
way it is going to be solved is 
through education, training, and 
through real economic opportuni-
ties. It wlll never be solved 
until that black man has the same 
economic potential. 

Capitalism, it seems to me, 
is not at fault. What is at 
fault again, is that the govern-
ment has handled it really hap-
ply decided that it could change 
things by fiat and by law aild' 
it can't. It's not going to take 
place until private enterprise, 
which it has now decided, is going 
to move into these areas and 
train people. Now it is going 
to be slow, and everybody says, 
a hundred years is long enough, 
we can't wait any longer. 

Well, what are your choices? 
As Michael Harrington points out 
in his most recent book, Towards 
a Democratic Left, the choices 
are really very simple. In many 
kinds of things like this, while 
the black man is trying to look 
to his own past and develop his 
own cultural relationships with 
Africa, which, while it is inter-
esting is really irrelevant, be-
cause if he is going to live in 
this country, be a part of this 
country as it really operates, 
he is going to have to amal-
gamate himself rather than with 
Africa with this country as it 
stands. Now, it's difficult to 
accept but that is the way [, 
believe it is going to have to 
happen." 

(TT): Harry Edwards said 
that the only way two people 
can live together is if they are 
both strong, have a feeling of 
themselves, their own identity. 
Right now we have a country 
composed , of people who are 
strong and people who are weak, 
who feel they are weak, and Ed-
wards thinks that they ought to 
be strong and that these mUltant 
efforts, these efforts to control 
high schools, for instance in N. Y., 
are efforts to create a Black 
identity, a sense of person, and 
looking back to Africa is part 
of that. Just as tile Irish COD-
sider themselves to be lrish-
Americans, black must be the 

same; they must be able to act 
in society and still look back 
at their heritage which they have 
rediscovered. Could you com-
ment on this idea. 

(Luce): "The issue, again, 
is not a simple, straight" A" 
versus "B" issue. For instance, 
I am a very strong supporter 
of the concept of decentralization 
of schools in N.Y. City and I 
see nothing wrong with commun-
ity control 01 the schools in N. Y. 
anymore than I see with commun-
ity control of the schools here. 

I think that one of the pro-
blems has been that we have 
allowed the control of individual 
districts and schools to go to 
Boards of Education that are 
really controlled by the State. 
I should be controlled by the 
people within the area. The 
school situation is extremely 
confusing. It brings in all the 
factors, including the left wing 
supporting the Federation of Tea-
chers which is by-and-Iarge a 
racist organization, as opposed 
to what [ see as most conser-
vative support to the concept 
of decentralization of schools. 

I believe that the black person 
does have to feel, in one sense, 
strong. Man, I don't want the 
black person to feel as if he 
is unequal. But I don't believe 
he is going to feel strong, in 
my sense of the word, byrWlning 
around in a uniform-black jacket, 
the beret, the 'Support Huey' 
buttons, and carrying a gun. This 
is strength, but it is totalitarian 
strength, strength of the 
gangster, not real strength. The 

I only strength he will get, in the 
real sense of the term, Is when 
he becomes psychologically 
strong, and he won't become 
psychologically strong until he 
knows he can compete as a I man' 
in the open market with white 
people. He won't gain this 
strength until he has the educ-
ation, until he has the economic 
potential. 

To take the two different kinds 
of strength and play them off 
as if they are the same thing 
is very dangerous because so 
many of the black leaders, re-
volutionary leaders, at least are 
contending that s imply by revolt 
or by mass intimidation, the 
black man wlll be strong, will 
be a part of SOCiety. Instead, 
what he has done, it seems to 
me, is by insisting on this kind 
of overt almost violent show of 

strength, that he has alienated 
that white group in the U.S., 
I wouldn't call it a majority or 
what, but the white people in 
the U.S. he really needs to gain 
psychological strength. 

Now the argument is often 
made by Edwards and in part 
by Eldridge and other people 
that it Is only as a result of 
the black man's milltancy at 
this point tllat the ghetto riots, 
of black people In the campuses 
creating riots, and so on that 

the conscience of white America 
has been awakened. Well, that's 
an interesting argument and I'm 
not sure it's true because as 
I go around this country, what 
I see rather than the conscience 
being awakened is a fear taking 
place, is that middle class, white 
America is frightened. The 
frightened man may not be your 
friend. Why are people arming 
themselves at home ? Why are 
they setting up self-defense 
groups in the communities? They 
are fearful of black people now. 

The black man is now saying 
I won't accept your laws, I won't 
accept your mores at all, I'm 
going to take over somehow. And 
many white people that I know 
are terrified, not that they are 
going to lose their powers but 
that some kind of racial civil 
war is going to take place. So 
rather than going out and meeting 
the black man even half way, 
they are now retreating and I 
see a real breakdown in comm-
unications, almost total now, bet-
ween black people and white peo-
ple. 

I think this is a disaster in 
this country and somehow what 
has to be shown is again that 
it is only through the system 
that the black man will make 
advances, be educated, and be 
given the same opportunities as 
white people. 

When we talk about poverty, 
which black people are always 
talking about, Harrington has a 
very interesting statistic in his 
book which points out that the 
vast majority of the people in 
the U.S. living under that level 
designated by the Council of 
Economic Advisors as the break-
off point for poverty are eighty 
per cent white. Now the white 
people living under that minimum 
figure are economically de-
prived, culturally deprived, edu-
cationally deprived, etc. They 
are not in revolt though. 

And it worries me that we 
are spending all this time and 
energy to educate and to work 
with this relatively small, but 
important, group of people which· 
is the black people and really 
not dOing anything about the whIte 
people. The people in Appalachia 
!lve much w.orse lives, from what 
I have seen, than the black peo-
ple do, but nobody is doing any- . 
thing about them. If there really 
is a forgotten America, at this 
poW it is the poor whIte man.· 

(TT): ~There is a lot of 
talk nowadays about the cities, 
how America is going to be liv-
ing in big cIties and how cities 
are sick. Addressing myself 
to your points about black, the 
fact is that the center, the heart-
land of American cities are black 
-- they are for blacks. Isn't 
that a more pressing problem 
than poor whites? Is the city 
something we have to really 
worry about? In this respect, 
think about the black man. 

(Luce): -There is no doubt 
that the studies bave shown that 
the majority of large American 
cities will be controlled by the 
turn of the century by blacks, 
population wise. Now this forces 
us, it seems to me, to the real-
ization that black people have to 
be given black political power. 
You can't continue to gerryman-
der the ciUes like they are doing. 
No people will contend this, be 
they black, purple or anything. 
You have to have, really, equallty 
of voting, and so on. 

I think that black people will 
have to control those areas, pol-
itically, that they live in. But 
the point Is still that [ don't 
think many people wlll argue that 
the concept of black people con-
trolling their own areas, elect-
Ing tbelr own congressmen and 

somo 
to be done about the cities, some-
thing economically and so on. 
But [ still contend that the only 
way this can be achieved is 
through the Capitalist system 
with the education of the black 
people such as job training so 
that they have an equal role. 
If black people living in these 
areas will not be educated, will 
not be trained, and will contend 
that their own specific area of 
that city is just a revolution-
ary contingency and that all they 
want to do is overthrow the 
government of the U.S., then I 
don't believe that anybody can 
expect the white people or the 
middle class to simply givethem 
political power . 

The one argument always used 
by Gregory, for instance, citing 
the Declaration of Independence, 

is that at certain times men have 
the right to r evolution as an 
inherent and natural right. What 
is always overlooked is that there 
really is an opposite side to 
that coin. That is that the gov-
ernment has a right to defend it-
self too and it has used this 
right very little. Now what 
happens when the majority of 
the people think that we have, 
with all of its fault s, a country 
that functions ve ry well. 

We have built Into the Con-
stitution guarantees that don't 
r eally exist any place else in 
the world. The U.S. is still, 
for all of the problers we see, 
the freest country in the wor ld. 
At the conference held at Prince-
ton with Schlesinger and the whole 
bunch last summer, some of the 
foreign professors were quoted 
in the N. Y. Times as saying 
that if you came from abroad 
to this conference and listened 
to the New Leftists and the Black 
revolutionaries talk, you really 
wouldn't know where you were 
because they are contending that 
the U.S. is the most unfree coun-
try in the world. And they say 
if you llve in Europe and you 
look around in Portugal, Hungary, 
Poland, Spain, Anglola, then you 
see what real non-freedom is. 
They say, even with all her pro-
blems, what is the Issue in the 
U.S. ? 

I am convinced that the guar-
antees in this country still work. 
The freedoms as guaranteed in 
the Constitution are tire greatest 
thing that we have in this coun-
try. Now the New Left in dis-
cussions and so on have proposed 
to me that all we need is a 
revolution; flip everYthing over 
and we will make everybody 
freer. Say that to m and t 
may like you as a person but 
[ won't really trust you. Who 
are you to tell me that when 

to create freedom for every-
body? What you are going to 
probably do, or possibly do, and 
the history of revolutions has al-
ways shown this, is that when 
your group, the ew Left group, 
takes power it will switch things 
around and create a number of 
freedoms for a number of diff-
er ent people that many not have 
as much freedom as they think. 
They are also going to have to 
deny freedoms to other people. 

Herbert Marcuse is quoted in 
the N.Y. Times in his interviews 
with French newspaperm'ln last 
summer as saying very clearly 
that he is not an advocate of the 
fir st amendment of the Consti-
tution and has said that indeed, 
if the New Left ele ments took 
power in the U.S., he would 
not guarantee freedom of speech 
to the extrem'l right. :-'-ow I 
find som'l of the statements of 
the extreme right really repre-
hensible and many statem:nts of 
the extreme left equally r epren-
hensible. The point is that under 
the system as it stands with the 
fir st amendment, they still have 
the right to exist and say what 
they believe . And we can argue 
it down in what I consider to 
be the market place ot free ideas . 
And they have won out throughout 
history. 

But now people are saying we 
can't deal with this anymore. 
we are going to destroy the whole 
damn system and replace it with 
something else. This is ridi-
culous because it has broken down 
any kind of doubt. There is 
intimidation now. 

I came up to UCSD four days 
ago with some friends and we 
really dug the physical la vout, 
and we re walking in the quad 
when some of the Leftists spot-
ted us and one of them jumped 
up and scr eamed; Hey, Luce! ! 
I turned around and he yelled 
'Up against the wall, mother-
fucker!', clear across this plaza. 
Well, it's a Quaint expr ession, 
but it shows again the level on 
whIch they want to deal with 
me. 

I went to San Fernando Valley 
State to speak and a number of 
people up there are , not ju t 
antagonists th,.,y try to shout 
me down, run t.le stage. Jerry 
Rubin told m at Long Beach 
state about a month ago if I 
to kill me. Is that the way 
they banole t/ungs ! 1 don't want 
to kill them. What is their 
sudden thing, that if you disa~ 
with them if you are the 'enemy' , 
not only don't you have a rIght 
to speak but they will put YOll 
away? 

" .,, " ~,. 



J 24 1969 I t _ _ _ _ ____ _ 

BOARD :()F REGENTS 
I 

SPECIAL REGENTS FEATURE 

Regents' Meeting Marked By 
Protest, Confrontation 

PHOTOS BY JEFF EDELSTEIN 
LAYOUT AND SCRIPT BY STEVE 

President Hitch and Chairman Higgs answer questions 

The drama at last Friday's 
open session of the Board of 
Regents did not take place inside 
the small and crowded conference 
room of University Hall, across 
the street from the Berkeley 
campus. As the Regents held a 
short and rather uneventful meet-
ing inside, a group 01 picketers, 
the estimates of whose size rang-
ed between 400 and 1000, pro-
tested Regents' policies and dem-
onstrated their solidarity with 
the San Francisco state strike. 

Finally, when Governor Rea-
gan emerged from the building 
to leave in his awaiting limou-
sine, he was greeted by a chorus 
of derisive chants and several 

eggs, which hit his limousine. 
Smiling to the crowd, true to 
style, Reagan entered the limou-
sine and made a hasty retreat. 
The surging crowd nearly sur-
rounded the car when it became 
entangled in a traffic jam. 

In an earlier incident several 
windows in the lobby of Uni-
versity Hall were shattered when 
a thirteen-year-old boy was taken 

into custody. Police claimed that 
the boy had pelted them with 
spitwads. As the boy was being 
arrested and dragged awa~ the 
demonstrators surged torward 
and shattered the large plate 
glass windows, 

Outside of these two incidents 
the students maintained a steady 
but restrained picket line 
throughout the afternoon, com-
pletely encircling the buUding. 

The picketing had been called 
for by an alliance of seven cam-
pus groups, including the Ameri-
can Federation of Teachers local 
1570, the Cente r for Participant 
Education, and the Radical Stu-
dent Union. 

Of immediate concern to the 
demonstrator s was the secluded 
nature uf Regents' meetings at 
University Hall. The conference 

room there is extremely limited 
in seating capacity, providing 
room for only some 20 public 
observers atter the press and 
UC officials have been taken care 
of. 

BOYD BRETT CAMPBELL CANADAY CARTER 

Students wait outside University Hall to gain entrance to Regents' meeting. None were admitted. 

Regents Come Under, Fire, 
For Investment, Policies 

Last Thursday, Berkeley AS 
President Cbarlie Palmer cre-
ated quite a stir when he appear-
ed before tbe Regents' Committee 
on Educational Policy and made 
several direct charges to tbe 
Board of Regents concerning 
tbeir investment policy and pro-
cedure. 

Altbough Palmer was strongly 
refuted by Regent Pauley, chair-
man olthe Investment commiftee, 
President Hitcb, and Regents' 
Treasurer Ows ley Hammond, the 
matter of investment was discus-
sed at some lengtb during Fri-
day's open session. Furtber-
more, the Board madl' public 
its confidential investrrent re-
cords for the tirst time. 

How much credit can ~ given 
to Palmer for pressu ~ ing the 
Regents into this act!c n is not 
clear. Regent Norton Si non, who 
resigned recently frorr thp In-
vestment committee be';au se of 
his dissatisfaction with t Jeir pol-
icies, has for some ti me been 
complaining to the Boa rd about 
tbis matter. 

Furthermore, tbe Re/;ents had 
previously commission' ld an In-
dependent group to study tbe 
university's financial structure 
and recommend ways in which 
investment policy cauld be im-
proved. This report, known as 
the "Fuller riPort,· was pre-
sented to tbe Board Frida y, but 

action on 1Is recommendations 
was defered until next month 
at the request of Regent Simon, 
wbo felt that tbe Regents, es-
pecially tbe newly appointed ones, 
should give tbe report a tho-
rough perusal. 

Palmer had charged that tbe 
returns on Regents' investments 
had only been average, and that 
money was invested conservati . 
ely, often in companies owned by 

the Regents themselves. The 
Fuller report recommended that 
liquid funds be available tor fre-
quent purchases, and that up to 
10 per cent of the total funds 
be invested in speculative stocks. 
It also made several recommend-
ations that provided for more 
professional financial manage-
ment. 

Palmer had also charged that 
the Regents had failed to invest 

Regent Pauley replies to Palmer' s charges 

in any urban sel!- help project, 
despite Hitch's pledge that the 
uni'd sUy would become involved 
in social projects of tbis nature. 
Furthermore, Palmer continued, 
tbe Regents had seen fit to invest 
heavily in war and war-related 
industries. 

Regent Pauley, interviewed 
atter Thursday's meeting, re-
futed Palmer. He stated that 
the purpose of his committee is 
to "invest funds as profitable as 
possible.· He asserted that It 
was not necessary, nor desir-
able to invest in urban projects, 
and that Palmer didn't under-
stand the function of the Invest-
ment Committee. Pauley is 
chairman of Pauley Petroleum. 

HITCH 
Reagan strongly denied Palm-

er's charges of conflict of inter-
est. He said that it would be 
unreasonable to expect the Re-
gents not to invest in a pro-
fitable corporation simply be-
cause one of the Regents owned 
stock in that company. President 
Hitcb stated that he believed tbat 
no Regent had ever voted on a 
matter which involved a con-
filct of interests, but noted that 
he could not substantiate this. 

Tbe charges made by Palmer 
were the result of a research 
project undertaken by several AS 
officers concerning Regental in-
vestment policy. They had been 
able to obtain partial records 

,from the Regents for only the 
past two years. 

FORBES GRANT HEARST HELLER HIGGS 

Several student groups had 
charged the Regents with a vio-
lation of tbe Brown Act of 1967, 
which specifies that meetings of 
public governing bodies shall be 
open to the public. The situation 
has been intensified by the Re-
gents' decision to break their 
tradition of rotating meetings , 
among the various UC campuses 
in an annual cycle. 

Next month's meeting, origin-
ally scheduled for Riverside, will 
be held at Berkeley, as will all 
meetings until further notice. 

COBLENTZ 
Tbe purpose of visiting 

each campus througbout the year 
has been to acquaint the Re-
gents witb the various campuses 
and their particular problems. 
In order to compenstte for the 
cancellation of the February 
meeting in Riverside, the com-
mittee report instructed Chair-
man Higgs to designate several 
Regents who would visit the 
Riverside campus In the next 
month. 

At Friday's meeting not one 
member of the public was ad-
mitted. Many students had been 

waiting since early morning for 
a chance to view the proceedings. 
Althougb the press corps was 
large, it was noted that there 
were several empty seats inside. 

Earlier in the day some stu-
dents, Including Steve Bingham 
and Jim Hawley of the Radical 
Students Union, had attempted 
to obtain a writ of mandamus 
In Alameda Superior Court. The 
writ would have forced the Re-
gents to meet in a larger room, 
in compliance ' wltb the Brown 
Act. The judge refused this' re-
quest on the grounds that there 
was too Utile time to consider 
the matter. There will be a simi-
lar attempt made by the students 
at next montb's meeting. 

DUTTON 
At a press conference held 

immediately after the meeting 
Governor Reagan denied anyvio-
lallon of .1lIe 13rown Act. "You 
were there, weren't you?" he 
said, referring to tbe press. He 
claimed that if the meeting were 
to be truly public it would have 
to be held In the Oakland stadium. 

PreSident Hitch supported the 
recommendation to change the 
meeting place, which had been 
proposed by the Committee on 
Re-organization and approved by 
tbe full board, but declined to 
give any reasons tor sucb a 
measure being taken. 

However, Chancellor William 
McGill of San Diego later com-
mented that this action had been 
taken largely because olthe shock 
the Regents had received at the 
Santa Cruz meeting when they had 
nearly been ohysicallyendanger-
ed by angry crowds of students. 

Reapn at press conference 

.. 

... .. -

,-

January 24, 1969 Paoe 7 

Regents May Crack Down onl Experimental Courses 
Now that the controversial 

Cleaver course, Social Analysis 
l39X, has been thrashed to death, 
the Regents are turning their 
attention to other nooks and cran-
nies of the aClldemic entangle-
ment of the Qniversity. Once 
again CPE courses at Berkeley 
are the target. But what Is 
looming in the future could 
have potentially far-reaching and 
serious effects upon the UC sys-
tem -- interference in tbe 198 
and 199 independent study pro-
grams. 

CPE, Center for Participant 
Education, Is a student organ-
Ization which proposes and deve l-
ops the structure of experimental 
courses. These courses must 
be approved by an individual de-
partment and presented under 
their auspices, or be approved 
by tbe BED, Board of Education-
al Development, a facultycomm-
ittee, if they are to receive cre-
dit. 

Often CPE courses, especially 
if they are rather loosely struc-
tured, are given 198 or 199 pro-
grams. The 198 courses are 
somewhat more rigidly struc-
tured than 199 courses. 

Some CPE courses refused 
credit by BED are subsequently 
presented as non-credit courses , 
i.e., as a serle s of public lec-
tures. This is the case with 
several CPE courses for the 
winter quarter. However, there 
Is a susplcioD by the Regents, 
somewhat SIIflstantiated, thaUac-
ulty members will also give cre-
dit for disapproved courses, by 
means of Independent study. 

Regent Heller referred to an 
article printed in the DAILY 
CA LlFORNlAN which stated that 
students could obtain credit for 
the Hayden course, as well as 
several others which had been 
denied credit. through tbe in-
dependent study program. 

Chancellor Heyns of Berkely, 
under heavy cross examination 
from the Educational Policy 
Committee, stated that none of 
the courses the Regen s were 

objecting to had been approved 
for credit. He also said tbat 
he could not guarantee that the 
non-credit lecture series would 
not be incorporated into a 199 
program, but contended that this 
could be done only legitimately 
if the lecture series was but one 
part of a larger ~educat!onal 
experience. • 

Regent Heller, obviously not 
reassured, Introduced a resol-
ution, approved by the Board, 

which called for an investigation 
of possible "misuse- of tbe 199 
program, to be undertaken by 
a sub-committee of tbe Commit-
tee on Educational Policy in con-
junction with the administration 
and the appropriate committees 
of the Academ ic Sel)atp _, 

Ouring the debate on tbis 
matter Regent Pauley was heard 
to say: "Well, let's wait and 
see what develops and then we'll 
see If we want to give credit.· 

C PE tbis quarter lists 22 
courses in its catalogue, of which 
about 15 have been approved for 
credit. Enrollment in CPE cour-
ses is somewbat lower tbis quart-
er, possibly because of the in-
secure status of some courses. 

MONAGAN 
Some 2,000 student signed up, 
but attendance has been running 
around 1,200. 

Of all the CPE courses ap-
proved by BED and other de-
partments, tbe Cleaver course 
last quarter was the fir st to ba ve 
restrictions imposed upon it by 
tbe Board of Regents. For that 
matter, it was the first course 
ever to be interfered with in 
any way by the Board in the 
University's history. 

PAULEY 
Tbe next meeting is likely to 

see some furtber action taken by 
the Regents concerning curri-
culum matters. Even the Cleav-
er course is still not a dead 
issue, for Larr y Magid, of CPE 
has announced that Professor 
Samson oftbe Psychology depart-
ment, wbo belped structure tbe 
Cleaver course, will give 193 
credit fo r those who completed 
tbe course . Also, faculty mem-
bers have recommended waiving 
graduation requirements for stu-
dents who took the course and 
are 5 units short of the credtt 
requirement. 

A new controversy seems to 
be developing over a course, 
denied credit, entitled "The New 
American ReVOlution,· consist-
ing of a se r ies of lectures fea-
turing Tom Hayden, New Left 
leader, and with additional guest 
lectures to be given by Herbert 
Marcuse. 

Picketers demonstrate distate for Regents and solidaritv ..... ith San Francisco State strikers. 

PETTITT RAFFERTY REAGAN REINECKE· 
SIMON SMITH WATKINS BERKELEY, January 16,17 
McGill Comments 

On Regents 
continued from page 1 

McGUl also commented upon 
the Regents' decision to hold fu-
ture meetings at the Berkeley 
campus. He stated that the Re-
gents had been badly sbaken by 
the experience at Santa Cruz. 
That was the fir st time in the 
history of the university in which 
tbe Regents bad actually been in 
physical danger, he said. in 
fact, there had been a constant 
escalation of bostllity and haras-
sment over the last year, since, 
in his words, the Regents had 
begun to involve themselves in 
more political matters. 

The exception to this pattern 
had been the San Diego meeting. 
McGill stated, In reference to 
tbis, that the Regents had also 
been profoundly sbocked by these 
very difierent tactics . The cold 
bostllity witb which they were met 
had qu ite an effect on tbe Re-
gents, even Governor Reagan. 

McGUl also revealed that there 
had been considerable resistance 
among the Regents to holding the 
meeiting In tbe gym. It had 
been originally scheduled for the 
Chancellor' s Conference room, 
and it was only tbrougb the per-
suasiveness of McGill and AS 
President Tom Shepard that tbe 
Regents were persuaded to 
change the location. Even so, 
many Regents and members of 
tbeir staffs were upset, and Mc-
Gill was deluged with phone calls 
and letters. 

McGill claimed that tile in-
creasing disruption at Regents' 

~t1llp ~ to a Jar .. extent 

due to outside ligures, hostile 
to education but dedicated to 
their own self-interest, wbocapi-
tallze on the publicity of the Re-
gents' metlings to "grind their 
own axes." Therefore, he con-
cluded that mucb of the agita-
tion didn't derive from local con-
ditions, but instead was due to 
outsiders attracted by the 
Regents. 

Altbougb he stated tbat tbe Re-
gents could not be expected to 
function under constant harrass-
ment, be did blame the Regents 
for bringing part of the dissent 
upon themselves by their rigidity 
and refusal to consider otber pos-
sible torms to conducting their 
business . He described the body 
as basically " tradition-bound." 

All In all, McGill views the 
decision to hold future meetings 
in University Hall as a mistake. 
Tbere is no doubt they are meet-
ing legal requirements, he said, 
but feels that tbeir decision was 
an unwise one. McGlIl empha-
sized that their deCision, how-
ever, was only a temporary one 
and tbat different arrangements 
would soon be made. He en-
visioned, for example, setting up 
North-South meetings, alter-
nating between Berkeley and UC 
LA. 

McGlIl said tbat he respected 
the students who had attempted 
to obtain a writ against the Re-
gents, forcing tbem to move the 
meeting site. This, be said, was 
an example of "responsible stu-

deDt~.'· 

man in the street 

"I have no plans. I will 
make no plans until after the 
decision. It Is not my problem, 
it's theirs," was Dr. Herbert 
Marcuse's reply to tbe Triton 
Times, when asked what his plans 
were if his contract were not 
renewed. 

Because tbe consideration of 
his contract has Illicited varied 
reactions from the local com-
munity, the Triton Times ques-
tioned several representatives of 
groups that had publicly stated 
their interest. 

Tbe San Diego Union clearly 
siated in a phone interview that 
it "opposed the rehiring of Her-
bert Marcuse, because be was 
unfit to teacb, and his rebiring 
would not serve the people of 
California." The Union has char-
acterized Dr. Marcuse as a lea-
der of dissent and revolt through 
out the na tion. 

The students for a Democratic 
Society made a passionate God, 
Motherhood, and the Red Flag 
of tbe Workers statement in a 
pamphlet. tbe first week of 
scbool, in which they supported 
tbe renewal of Marcuse's con-
tract . 

The general consensus of the 
student body seems to over-
whe Imingly support Dr. Mar-
cuse's rebirlng. He has been 
called a great teacher by many, 
and Is noted for his clear lec-
tures, and bis recognition 01 and 
respect for bis students. A 
petition for renewal was circul-
ated among the students, and 
was signed by a large propor-
Uoo. The ASUCaiD 8e11ate hat! 
• 

ON MARCUSE 
not taken a formal position on 
tbis subject, but AS President 
Tom Shepard stated, "The con-
sences of tbe Senate is over-
wbelmingly in favor of Marcuse ' s 
re biring." 

Tbe Local Brancb of the Ame)-
iean Legion (they call tbemselves 
Posts) has previously declared 
its opposition to renewal of the 
contract, but its spokesman de-
clined to give any ddails or 
reasons for this stand. Tbe 
Legion, at the request of tbe 

Chancellor will not make any fur-
ther statement until the decision 
of Cbancellor McGill bas been 
announced. 

It is known that the Legion had 
offered to buy Dr. Marcuse's 
contract tbis year to terminate 
bis teaching im mediate ly 

Tbe Young Americans for 
Freedom (YAF) support Dr. Mar-
cu se' s rehiring, with definite 
qualifications. They feel they 
must support tbe renewal of his 
contract because they believl' in 
academic fr eedom. 

They also stated that the "lit-
tle old ladies" who feel that 
the firing of Dr. Marcuse will 
solve the problems of UCSD are 
naive. Firing Marcuse alone, 
would in thE'ir opinion, not ac-
complish anytbing, because of 
olber students an(l profe,;sors 

are also responsibl . 
The spOkesman 0 Clmeoto glV':! 

additional details escrlbing the 
"problems at UCSD ." 

Ronald Reagan, Governor and 
Regent ex-officio, altbough un-
available for comment, has pub-
licly stated that the rehiring 
of Dr. Marcuse is a matter for 

the local adm inistration and he 
would not "try to shut off those 
with whom (he disagrees)." 

Tbe Governor added that ne 
believes the Univer sity should 
bire others, whose views differ 
greatly fr om those of Dr. Mar-
cuse, to protect tbe student, from 
what he implied might be in-
doctrination. 

r 

~personal 
Student 
Advisor 

EI en Just go he 
phone tlill For what It 
costs you to cal l us 
(collect) you could 1\0 
ome on PSA regular Iy 

Wh not) 
Affectlonatel" U 

P S All you avt' to dO IS 
phull~ Yl.HJf I..dlll U cjJ 

FR K 8. SUE GORMLIE 
224-3 46 or 222- 2572 

San Franc,sco Oa ~ land or 
San Jose $198 Sacra-
mento. S21 50 L A or Holly· 
wood-Burbank S635 Super 
727 Jets PSA gives yOU a hft 



I'IQe 8 January 24, 1969 

'War and Peace' - An Elaborate -Labor of Love 
by 

Dave Sacher man 

Part I and Part II staggering. 
They could alillost exist as two 
separate motion pictures. 

perceptive observer of the a-
gonizing life around him. 

Amid massive explosions of 
gunpowder, amid blinding smoke 
and awesome orange flame, a 
once-in-a-lifetime journey has 
begun. It is Sergei Bondarchuk's 
13 hour national epic, the Rus-
sian film creation of Leo Tol-
stoy's War and Peace. 

borate, most expensive motion 
picture ever produced. It is 
a labor of love and national pride, 
a rare attempt to place on the 
screen a detailed, faithful ren-
dering of a great work of li-
terature; and it is a film which 
required five years of effort and 
an unprecedented backing by the 
Soviet government. 

For release in this country, 
the film is viewed in two parts 
on either two consecutive weeks 
or consecutive days. I found 

Part I concerns itself primar-
ily with peacetime and the ma-
turing of the three central cha-
racters; bubbling, romantic Na-
tasha Rostov, played by the very 
beautiful ballerina Ludmila Save-
lyeva; Prince Andrei Balkonsky, 
a rather self-seeking man with 
a bitter outlook Cln life; and Pierre 
Bezuhov played by director Bon-
darchuk himself, the bumbling 
character who grew to be a wise, 

The film is breathtakingly gor-
geous and looks every bit of its 
$100 million cost. There is lush 
photography of extremely sophis-
ticated teclmique, and countless 
outdoor sets reproducing the 
Moscow and St. Petersberg at 
the dawn of the 19th century, 
the Kremlin and the battlefields. 

There are alone nearly 70 
sets recreating parks, gardens, 
and distant villages. The vast 
ballroom in the winter palace is 

Edited to seven hours and dub-
bed into English, it remains un-
contestably the largest, most ela-J ... - . I .... the critical d~ferences 1?etween . 

J)ec is /0" 0$1 
J)~cis' · 

10"S I 
• 

Some deCiSions are relatively unimportant. 
Where YOU put your engineering 
talent to work is not. 
As you contemplate one of the most important decisions of your lite, we invite you to consider a 
career at Pratt & Whitney Aircraft. Here, you will find wide-open opportunities for professional growth ~ith a company that enjoys an enviable ,~cord of stability in the dynamic atmosphere of aerospace 
technology. 

We selectpur engineers and scientists carefully. Motivate them well. Give them the equipment and 
facilities only a leader can provide. Otfer them company·paid, graduate·education opportunities. 
Encourage them to push into fields that have not been explored before. Keep them reaching for a 
little bit more responsibility than they can manage. Reward them well when they Co manage it. 
And you r decision is made easier, thanks to the wide range of talents required. Your degree can be a 
B.S., M.3., or Ph.D. in: MECHANICAL • AERONAUTICAL • ELECTRICAL. CHEMICAL. CIVIL. 
MARINE • INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING • PHYSICS. CHEMISTRY • METALLURGY. MATERIALS 

SCIENC~ • CERAMICS • MATHEMATICS • STATISTICS • COMPUTER SCIENCE • ENGINEERING 
SCIENCI(; • ENGINEERING MECHANICS. 

Consult your college placement officer-or write Mr. William L. Stoner, Engineering Department, 
Pratt & vVhitney Aircraft, East Hartford, Connecticut 06108. 

Pratt & Whitney l=iircraft 
£AST HARTfORD AND MIDDLETOWN, CONNECTICUT 
WEST PAUl B£ACH, FLORIDA 

U 
DIIIISION O~ UNITeo R"AI'T CO"~"ATION 

magnificently enhanced by the 
stately grandeur of a rich clas-
sical music score and a grand 
narration by Norman Rose. 

Bondarchuk proves himself a 
lyricist in the purest sense as 
evidenced by his use of sound .. 
(as the dripping of water In a 
staging of the entrapment of 
Pierre by Helene) as well as 
scenes of birches in spring and 
troika sleds racing across the 
ice. Probably the most meaning-
ful and beautiful scene of Part 
I is the duel in the crunching 
snow between Dolohov and 
Pierre. in a single scene shot 
stylishly and lyrically with two 
men trying stupidly to extinguish 
one another, the director has 
captured the sum of all battles. 

Unfortunately, Part I, though 
impressive, does not involve the 
viewer and is not moving. It 
lacks power and is cold and a-
cademic like a museum. The 
language is formal and some-
what stilted and the enormously 
handsome faces are confusing as 
many look the same. A fine 
job of dubbing has been achieved 
except for somewhat flat deli-
veries and confusing voices which 
are to 0 similar in timbre and 
spacing. The editing leaves a 
great deal to be desired and 
shows a lack of respect for the 
director's intentions. 

As I have indicated above, Part 
n is incredibly different from the 
previous part. It concerns the 
epic spectacle of war and is 
horrifyingly moving and impres-
sive. The superb battle scenes 
of explosion, fire, and carnage 
are executed on an immenso 
scale (120,000 men) with a fide-
lity previously beyond the reach 
of any director. The Battle of 
Borodino alone employed 160 can-
nons, 16,000 hand grenades, and 
105 ,000 tons of kerosene and gun-
powder creating thrilling and in-
deed exhausting portrayals oCthe 
bravery and follyofbattle. There 
is once again the lyrically beau-
tiful, majestiC, stirring musical 
score and the splendid photogra-
phic teclmique; montage blend-
ing of three scenes onto one 
another subliminal dream se-
quence, blurs, and a dense fog-
ging of the camera used to heigh-
ten emotion and clarify states of 
mind. 

However, this time there is 
no problem with the continuity 
or in confusing the characters. 
The acting all around is superb 
as we are compelled to witness 
the horrid agonies and ironies 
of war. It would not be ex-
aggeration to state that this film 
is the most effective anti-war 
message in motion picture his-
tory. We are mercilessly beaten 
with one truth; war is not a game 
to play around with; it's a cold 
instance of ~rutal murder and 
r otting corpses. 

Adding to the amazing statis-
tics of War and Peace are the 
fact s behind the costuming. Two 
thousand non- military outfits 
were designed and the 120,000 
uniforms are so painstakingly 
accurate that since the designs 
did change slightly over the years 
1805-1812, they are altered for the 
fUm to retain year by year ac-
curacy. 

Great credit is due to Bon-
darchuk for this immense work. 
He not only directed and played 
the central role of Pierre, but 
co-authored the screenplay as 
well. Through his Pierre, Tol-
stoy communicates his mostcru-
clal thought: .. All Important 
Ideas are really quite simple. [f 
evil men can work together to 
get what they want, so can gOOd 
men work together to get what 
they want". It's trivially sim-
ple, yet immeasurably profound 
once we have been througll the 
unforgettable seven-hour journey 
that is "War and Peace. II 

I • 

\ -.. 

.' 

T 

'Hair' Have You 
Ever Felt .Ali·ve? 

by Clayton Anderson 
As you stagger out of the A-

quarius Theatre in Hollywood, 
you know that you have seen 
it. You were afraid that it 
was. well, going to end, and it 
really did. 

You try to talk about what 
you have seen and all that comes 
out of your mouth is a stream 
of inadequate adjectives. You 
have seen Hair. And, until you 
have thought about it for a lit-
tle while, that is about all you 
can say. 

Arter having thought about it 
for quite awhile, let me start 
off by saying that Hair is a 
two act musical, written by our 
generation and produced because 
it had to be. It throws more 
01 our society at you in a three 
hour period than anyth1ng yet 
created, and it makes you laugh 
harder than a Ronald Reagan 
press conference. It is out-
ragious and outraged, screaming 
at us to wake up, to be alive, 
to dance and sing and care. 

Hair is conventional theatre 
only so far as the audience has to 
pay for tickets and that they have 
to sit in seats. Aside from that, 
Hair makes use of no curtains 
and has a set that never looks 
the same way twice. This res ult 
is achieved by the use of lights , 
bodies, drapes, trapdoors, and 
lighted boxes, the effect of which 
is to keep the eyes moving con-
stantly. 

A further innovation is the pre-
scence of the musicians on stage. 
The music consciousness of our 
time has finally led to the recog-
nition that the term ·performers· 
means more than actors on thet 
stage, and thus we find that the 
guitars, drums, and fiutes are 

ii's Auto Radi 
Repair Service 
3847 PARK BLVD •• 

STUDENTS! !! 

EXPERT F'ROSTING 
t12.!O (up) 

performing on stage where they 
should be. 

As previously mentioned the 
play is a musical, but it is what 
could be called the first of the 
non-stop musicals. For although 
there is dialogue between the 
players, the dialogue is difficult 
to hear and it is only a thin 
filament connecting the songs and 
the dances. The songs and dances 
are performed by about thirty 
people, but often Urnes it seems 
like 100 bodies are twisting and 
loving and singing on stage. 

Superficially the play concerns 
a guy (maybe you?) who is strug-
gling with the draft and Medi-
care Hershey, but actually this 
story flutters in and out of the 
play at irregular intervals. 
What is happening on stage is 
usually a song or dance, and the 
music is everything from acid 
to blues. 

Once again the eyes are bom-
barded with an impossible num-
ber of images, and the ears are 
trying to soak up as much music 
and lyrics as possible. It is a 
frustratingly impossible effort. 

While the above is a good 
indication of what is generally 
happening on stage, the individual 
scenes are too numerous to cata-
logue. Thersis the Black soldier, 
dressed In battle fatigues with 
helmet and rUle, sianding over 
a floor Ught at parade rest. The 
effect is chilling. Or there is 
the light show, which uses flash-
lights and reflecting dresses to 
create a universe of multi-
colored, constantly vibrating pin-
points of light. 

or all the feat s of Hair, how-
ever, perhaps none is greater 
than that of unrestrained, bub-
bling laughter. You have never 
laughed until you have heard a 
Black girl, dressed as Abraham 
Lincoln and taking part in a skit 
about the CivU War, yell at the 
Sight of some African warriors: 
·OH MY GOD,. . .NIGGERSW 

Nor will one soon forget the 
sight of the ·Supremes· and three 
white girls singing back and forth 
about how much the former like s 
white boys and how much the 
latter likes black boys. Add to 
this a pot party, jabs at commer-
cials and all that goes with them, 
gentle satire on the middle aged 
intellect-gap, and a six foot cigar 
store Indian giving the peace 
sign, and you'll know that for 
three hours of your life you have 
really lived. 

Support our shock-troops in the 
___ theatre of America. See Hair. 

Three members of the cast sing the show-stopping ·While Boys· 
from the musical, Hair, currently at the Aquarius Theater in Los 
Angeles. 

January 24, 1969 Paqe ') 
E'MlWItwrlVlfl1l"l1IMMl1I"'_, 
1J~e A7<1S - - - flta4U, w, ~, 6{)o~t IMlV'-at'-lV'-lMlV"6f~lM~lMtl 

'College Cookbook' Adds 

Spice To Off-Campus Life 
Suburban off-campus living in 

the area surrounding UCSD can 
have distinct advantages over 
dorm life, as the Del Mar, La 
Jolla, Pacific Beach, and Claire-
mont subcultures have discover-
ed. A substantial segment of 
the student populace yearly re-
treats to the privacy and comfort 
of apartments and rented homes. 

However, with the luxuries of 
off-campus living come the 
never-ending chore of providing 
nutritional subsistence for one-
self. And once one exhausts 
the possibilities of preparing 
hamburgers in new and exotic 
ways, the daily meals become 

a task not to be 'Iooked forward 
to with much gusto. 

But despair not frustrated 
cooks , there is hope. Ruth Hor-
owitz, a psychiatric social 
worker, and Gertrude Khuner, 
a gym teacher in the public 
schools, have prepared a cook-
book especially for students who 
failed the crash course their 
mother s gave them before they 
left home. 

This book is entitled ·The 
College Cookbook - After ham-
burgers what?· and is available 
at bookstores near you. This 
cookbook is unique for it is 
aimed specifically at college stu-

Mime Troupe, Returns 
From 'The ' City' 

The San Francisco Mime 
Troupe will return to San Deigo 
on Saturday in the UCSD Gym 
January 25 at 8:30 p.m. 

The performance will be as 
exciting as their performance 
last year but many new things 
have been added and the play 
will be different. They have 
added a Gorilla Marching Band 
The Gutter Puppets. 

The play is a 15th century 
French comedy, "The Farce 
of Patelin.· The puppets are 
"thoroughly irrevelent, impec-
cably honest and schizophrenic, 
guaranteed to agitate, incite and 
generalJy blow your mind.' The 
play is a commedia dell 'arte 
farce about two men who try to 
cheat each other. 

The Mime Troupe was orig- I 
inally a ce II within the San Fran-
cisco Actor's Workshop. In 
1961 under the leadership of 
Ronnie Davis, theybecameasep-
arate group in order to play 
outside in the parks of San Fran-
cisco and the Bay Area. Their 
motto was "Committment and 
Fresh Air.· They considered 
themselves "guerilla theater· 
and used the com media dell'arte 
form to mock the establishment •. 

Their committment has been 
tes ted by police in San FranCisco; 
Denver, Colorado and Calgary, 

Alberta but they remain true to 
their motto and fight repression 
through the courts with the help 
of the A.C.I.U. 

The Mime Troupe helped 
create another ·committed· act-
Ing group, "EI Teatro Camp-
esino. · Luis Valdez, was a mem-
ber of the Mime Troupe which 
explains certain similarities in 
the format of the plays produced 
by the two groups. 

Both groups use stock figures, 
exaggerated gestures and simple 
plots. Both groups try to play 
outside theaters to people who 
ordinarily do not attend plays. 
The basic difference is that the 
Mime Troupe uses plays written 
long ago with up dated reler-
ences while "El Teatr o Camp-
esino· dramatizes an existing 
situation, the grape s triker s ' 
plight. 

Anyone who saw El Teatro 
Campesino when they appeared on 
the UCSD campus in December, 
will recognize the similarity in 
format be tween them and the 
Mime Troupe. 

Tickets will be available before 
the performance and at the door. 
Prices will be $1.50 for UCSD 
students and faculty, and $2.00 
for anyone else. Do not miss 
your chance to see an alive 
theater group. 

dents who must prepare cheap, 
quick, but nutritional meals. The 
book provides plenty of variety 
amond simple dishes, and even 
adds a touch of the gourmet 
for the more ambitious. 

The convenience of it is that 
it assumes no prior knowledge, 
and starts from scratch. The 
College Cookbook is a must for 
the inexperienced or even semi-
experienced cook who wishes to 
add a little spice to his eating. 

rll .. le .. I •• 
.laowa 

A series of thought provoking 
films, sponsored by the Reli-
gious Affairs Office of UCSD, 
began on January 7th with The 
Diary of Anne Frank. The film 
was a true and moving document 
of the persel!ution and suffering 
of Jewish people under Hitler 
during World War Il_ 

The second film in the series 
was The Fountainhead, based on 
the book by Ayn Rand. It is 
a film which convincingly chal-
lenges such basic Chr istian vir-
tues as self- sacrifice and ser-
vice to others with a philosophy 
of extreme individualism. 

Other films in the series are: 
Lust for Life, the story of the 
artist Vincent Van Gogh whose 
life is an agony of failure as he 
struggles to find meaning; John 
steinbeck's The Grapes of Wrath; 
The Ox- Bow InCident, a classic 
Western which raises questions 
of justice and responsibility and 
prejudice. The tinal enm in 
the series, which will be shown 
on February lith, is A Man for 
All Seasons. This film, which 
is based on the life of Thomas 
More, confronts one of the most 
profound problems of our tim~s. 
the problem of conscience. 
Thomas More was forced to 
choose between his God and his 
King, his prinCiples and his gov-
ernment. 

"The purpose of the film ser-
ies', Father Mort said, "is not 
only entertainment, but to help 
raise questions about justice, 
social responsibility, and the 
very meaning of existence. And 
to be a Christian today is not 
to have pat answer s to these 
problems, but to critically con-
front our answers by continually 
asking the questions.· 
The films will be shown each 

Tuesday night at 7 p .m. in 2722 
USB. 

1969 Subaru 360 
WIN A Subarufora week. Name it. WIN Contest ends February 21st. Leave your entries at: 

STUDENT ACTIVITIES OFFICE----Bldg. 250 MATTHEWS CAMPUS 

- ~ 
-

$1297 POE 
_

• COLONIAL OlDSMQItLl 
7837 HERSCHElAVE. 
lA JOlLA. CALIFORNIA 

66mpg 
JOE AllDlt1DGl 

COLLEGE REPRESENTATIVE 

? • 

PHONE 4504·7t37 



Janua 

-

HOlJSQ 
H 
~~'-"''''Y ~ Co.tnt.. 
:p"Q~gntt\+aon: 

T' 

The Triton wrestling team, entering into its third season of inter-
collegiate competition, includes (Ieft to right) Front Row: Steve 
Lieberman (I55 Ibs.), Dan Gamble Owe), Bob Wilson (130), John 
Gressard (137), Robert Nemick(l45), Second Rwo: Raul Moler (152), 
Tom Grant (152), Fred Grunewald (160), Phil Costello (152), Ron 
Melvin (167), Larry Raful (177), Bob Jackson (hwt) and Ed Couvrette (hwt). 
Not pictured is Howard Nathason (191). 

Matmen Eye Season 
The outlook for Wrestling at 

UCSD in 1968-69 is fair to good. 
Losing only one man from last 
year's team, the Tritons will 
have a veteran team returning. 

This year the Tritons will 
have such outstanding perform-
ers as Bob Wilson (Most Val-
uable. and District m Champion 
last year) al1d Phil Costello (team 
captain and All Cal. Champion 
last year). other strong per-
formers will include Ron Melvin 
(Jr. -167-177), Mike Myers (Soph. 
- 145), John Wonder (Soph. -
145), steve Lieberman (Soph.-
123), Fred Grunwald (Soph.-160), 
Forest Nelson (Soph. - 130), and 
Charlie Carlson (Sr. Heavy). 

In addition to the veterans, 
UCSD will have several prom-

is ing newcomers competing for 
spots on the varsity. Leading 
the list are Curtis Bagby, fresh-
man from San Diego, who will 
compete at the 167 lb. level and 
Paul Moler, a freshman from 

Madison High School, San Diego, 
who should be a strong compet-
itor at the 145 lb. weight division. 
other fine newcomers include 
John Gressard (137 Ibs), Greg 
Russell (l30 Ibs.), Tom Grant 
(160 Ibs .), Mike Prislin (123 lbs.), 
Bob Nemcik (145), Larry Raful 
(177), and Rob Millican (145 or 
152). 

The Tritons, entering into their 
third season of intercollegiate 
competition, wlll be facing a 
strong schedule which includes 
dual meets with Cal State Full-
erton, Cal Poly Pomona, Cal 
Tech, UCSB, UC RiverSide, 
Azusa Pacific, Whittier, Biola, 
Pasadena, and Claremont Men's 
College. Also scheduled are San 
Fernando Valley State Takedown 
Tournament, Biola Tournament 
and NAlA District Three Tour-
nament. 

The Tritons' next meet will 
be with Biola University on Sat-
urday, Janua,ry 25 at 2:00 p.m. 

Triton Cagers Lose 
to Cal Western Five 

The UCSD Tritons were upset ers' 45%. for the entire game, 
by a tenacious five from Cal and UCSD out-rebounded Cal 
Western Tuesday night at Golden Western 35-33. The story of 
Gym, 67-63. The loss dropped the game lies in the fact that 
the Tritons' varsity basketball the Tritons were not able to 
record to 10-3, while the West- work the ball well against the 
erners are now 10-6. tough Cal Western zone, which 

UCSD had trouble shooting in forced 13 Triton turnovers, com-
the first half, hitting a cold pared to only 6 by Cal West-
37.5% from the fioor. Trailing ern. 
29-26 ' at the half, the Tritons Another revealing stat is the 
ran off nine straight points tp assist column, where Cal West-
take a 35-29 lead with 15 :40 ern lead, 12-6. The Tritons have 
remaining in the game, but Cal averaged over 10 assists per 
Western then ran off a 7 point game tor the season. 
string of their own, taking a Leading scorer of the game 
36-34 lead with 12:30 remaining. was Tim Collins of Cal West-

The score was tied twice after ern with 22, followed by Ed Bab-
that, but the Tritons never re- iuch of the Tritons with 19 and 
gained the lead, although they Mike Morey of Cal Western with 
trailed by only 2 points with 15. 
2:15 left, 62-60. The Western- The Tritons play again tonight 
ers hit their last 5 free throws, in a home game against UC Davis, 
and controlled the ball well to and Saturday night they travel to 
preserve the victory. Chapman college for anS:OOp.m. 

The Tritons shot 44.5% from game. 
the floor, equal to the Western- Cal Western also won the trash 

Chio'e:se gaeil-gers 
Take On Tritons 

The Natiohal Chung HWA Bas-
ketball Team will face varsity 
Triton cagers on TueSday, Jan-
uary 28 at 8:00 p.m. in UCSD's 
main gym. The Chinese Basket-
ball Team will be making a tour 
at the United States, Canada and 
Mexico. 

The Chinese Team will be 
headed by the extremely aggres-
sive and promising young, 6'7" 

Center -- Chem WeI. 
UCSD's Tritons wlllbefighting 

to qualify tor the NAIA, District 
III Play-Offs. This particular 
game completes the Triton's in-
ternational schedule after having 
defeat ·, : ~;mon Frazer Univ-
ersity, British Columbia and the 
University at Michoacan, Mexico. 

Admission wUl be $1.00 -- Stu-
dents $ .50. 

Lettermen 
. To Meet 

Interest in our Lettermen's 
Club is growing rapidly. We have 
a nucleus of highly motivated 
men, but need the support of 
every eligible man on campus. 
The club is ours to use as we 
please so let's all give our sup-
port. 

Launching activities for the 
rest of the year wlll be an or-
ganizational and election meet-
ing next Thursday at 8:30 p.m. 
in the gymnasium classroom 
(gym fioor level, north side of 
building). ~ At that time there 
should be no classes, labs , work-
outs, etc., so you can take a 
homework break and place your 
s take in the future of your or-
ganization. 

No excuses-we want all let-
termen there to make this meet-
ing the biggest yet. Bring your 
ideas for activities and likely 
office candidates. Most import-
antly, find au t both what you can 
contribute to and derive from this 
association of athlete-scholars . 

Remember, it's your club, 
whether you're a charter mem-
ber from 1966 or you just re-
ceived your letter this winter. 
Do something with it. 

Ron Melvin 
CI ub Pre sident, 
1967-68 

SPORTS 
SHORTS 

Bridge 
Four members of the UCSD 

bridge club, Dave Weiss, Tony 
Miller, Pat staley, and Bill Ru-
binS, will travel to Stanford on 
on Feb. 13 to compete in the 
Western Intercollegiate Bridge 
Championship. 

Weiss was one of the bridge 
players who won the champion-
ship for UCSD last year, and 
who finished sixth nationally. 

January 24. 1969 PaQe 11 

-Raful ·00 SpOrts 

Davis Cage Game 
If you are planning to go see 

at least one UCSD basketball 
game this season, tonight is the 
night to go. The UCSD Tritons 
will play tne UC Davis Aggies 
here at 8:00 p.m., .and this pro-
mises to be a real thriller for 
more reasons than one. 

Davis is bringing down a team 
that has played their share of 
rough teams this year, including 
University of Santa Clara and 
San Francisco state . They are 
always strong, and won their con-
ference last year with many of 
the players that are back this 
year. 

This is not to say the game 
will be a runaway. You will 
be pleasantly surpr ised by 
UCSD's team, 11 you haven't seen 
them perform yet. Although 
they've had trouble on the road 
lately, Coach Stoner's dribblers 
are the scaled down version of 
UCLA on their home court. You'd 
swea r, after seeing UCSD's last 
two home games, that Stoner 
recruited all the sprinters from 
the track team. They literally 
run opponents into the ground. 

The Tritons fa st-paced offense 
is made up of 10 juniors of 
equal exce lIent basketball know-
how. This enables Coach Stoner 
to substitute fr eely without hurt-
Ing the "run, run. run offense". 
the shooting of all the players, 
notable guards Bob Desjardins, 
Bill Flate Iy, Guy Dlmonte, and 
Clarke Mosely. The forwards 
have helped by outside shooting 
accuracy and crashing in for 
rebounds. Especially tough on 
the boards a re Ed Babiuch, Dave 
Kieffer, and Jim Boyd. Taking 
an unorthodox position as an out-
side shoote r as well as manning 
the post are center s Je ff Mill 
and Brian Todd. 

The reason the Triton hard-
courters can 't r ely as heavily 
on their usual home court ad-
vantage is because of a group 
called "The UC Davis All Male 
Totally Bitching Maverick 

Band.· This group of 30- odd 
musicians (or is that - 30 odd 
musicians?) travels all ove r the 
state supporting their basketball 
team, and has done a fantastic 
job. 

Unlike most pep bands , they 
are a close knit group of fine 
musicians who double as com-
edians at baske tball games. The 
UCD captain of the team claims 
the reason Davis won their con-
ference last year was because 
of the Maverick Band support. 
They supposedly completely neu-
tralize the home court advantage 
for the home team, and provide 
the Aggies with spirit. This 
is done by singing numerous 
songs, yelling cheers, and re-
citing home made rhymes, some 
being doubtful suggestiveness. 

Will we be able to counte r 
this type of spir it? Many people 
have certainly been trying. !«ot-
able additions to the l:CSD bas-
ketball games are a gr oup of 
seven cheerleaders dOing their 
darndest to make noise to show 
support of the team. At one 
time, there was a pep band, but 
no longer. Another time, there 
was a type of "Boys' Noise, ' 
but the leaders gave up and they 
disbanded. This leaves the 
cheerleaders alone , trying to get 
those tor UCSD to • stand up 
and holler.' 

To win f riday night, a lot 
of noise will have to be made . 
So come on out and yell. The 
Davis game will be a good match 
of basketball teams, plus the 
ente rtainment of the Davis band. 
If some sort of support can be 
provided, the Tritons should win 
the game. At least, I think so, 
and Coach Stoner told me he was 
"extreme ly confident" of his 
boys. 

Oh, by the way - for those 
two hour s Friday night, I here-
by claim no relationship to the 
loud-mouthed tru mpet player in 
the Davis band, who happens to 
be my brother !! 

Intramural Sports Calendar 
I 
I Basketball 
I Basketball 
I (women) 
I Volleyball 

(coed) 
I 
I Volleyball 

(2 man) 
I 
l Over the Line (M,W) 
I Intramural Track 
I Meet (M,W) 
I Coed Swimming 
I Meet 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Badminton 
(coed) 

Table Tennis 
(coed) 
Bowling (coed) 
Squash (coed) 

y gn p g g 

Jan. 2 - 8 Gymnasium class room 
North wing, l / S 7 pm 

Jan. 13 -17 

feb . 3 - 7 

Feb. 3 - 7 

Feb. 3 - 7 

Gymnasium classroom 
North wing, 1/ 17 4 ~m 

Gymnasium classroom 
North wing, 2/ 17 4 pm 

Gymnasium classr oom 
Nortb wing, 2/ 17 4 pm 

Gymnasium classroom 
North wing, 2/174 pm 

Feb. 17 - 19 

Feb. 24 - 26 

Feb. 10 - 14 

Feb. 10 - 14 

EEntries due Feb. 27 

Entries due Feb. 27 

Intramura l Office 
South wing, gymnasium 

Intramural Office 
South wing, gynmaslum 

Play tarts 

Jan. 13 

TBA 

TBA 

TBA 

TBA 

Meet 3 pm 
feb. 21 

Meet Feb. 28 

Feb. 17 

TBA 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I I T~e pO.licy of the intramural sports program Is tun through competelive sport activilies---!uo whil 

I gettmg fIt and staying fit with vigorous large muscle activities. This program is avail. ble to all stu- I 
dents and faculty members 00 campus. 

I The intramural handbook, outlining all the activities in the program, is free and avaUable in dormi- I 
tories and the Intramural Office on the south side of the gymnasium. I 

FP.Oi SOUTH • ERIC .: 
*A lpaca ~ts & rancho 
*Sensuous fur r UQS! 
*Ancient Andean ido l - ! 
*Symoathetic Koala b ar iiiiiiII __ 



(II _~tt-: 

': CAMPUS KIOSK 
I 

FRIDAY, JANUARY 2t 
History Department presents Dr. Mauria Matloff North Dining Hali 
"Mr. Roosevelt's Three Wars: FDR as War Leader" 4:00 p.m. 

7:30 p.'11 MA YA - Reies Tijerina "Brown Revolution" R~velle Cafeteria 
USB 2722 

'll_. n Alpha Phi Omega movie "Texas Across the River" 
50 cents 

University Lutheran 
Church 

, 1) p.m. Mrs. Cheryl Litzenbergen 

Basketball, with UC Cavis Gym 8:00 p.m. 

9:00 p.m. Coffee Hut entertainment "Roam in' Collars" Coffee Hut Revelle Main 
SATURDAY, JANUARY 25 
2:00 p.m. 

7:00 p.m. 

Wrestling with Biola 

Argo III Beach Bonfire with Cal Western 

Cafeteria if it rains 
Gym 

Scripps Beach 

7:30 p.m. Alpha Phi Omega Movie "Texas Across the River" USB 2722 

9:00 p.m. 
SUNDAY, JANU ARY 26 

Coffee Hut Entertainment, "Mud" 

Friends of the Res istance; Ura Sand pere 
"A Study of Non- Violence" 

Coffee Hut 

HLAUD 7:30 p.m. 

7:30 p.m. Muir Film Festival; "Lolita", "Valentin De Las 
, Sierras", "The Devil Is Dead". Free 

USB 2722 

MONDAY, JANUARY 27 

6:30 p.m. 

7:00 p.m. 

7:30 p.m. 

7:30 p.m. 
TUESDAY, JANUARY 28 
7:00 p.m. 

A.S. Senate mee ting 

Soar ing Club 

French Club 

SRA 

Christian Science Organizati n 

Ill-A, MC 

USB 3070 

Inter- Language 
Club Lounge 
31OW, MC 

7:00 p.m. Religious Affairs movie "Grapes of Wrath" Free 

USB 4050A 

USB 2722 

USB 3070 7:00 p.m. 

8:30 p.m. 
WEDNESDAY, JA UARY 29 
6:30 p.m. 

SDS meeting 

University Folk Dancers 

Alpha Phi Omega 

Trident Christian Fellowship 

Revelle Main 
Cafete ria 

7:00 p.m. 

8:00 p.m. 

9:30 p.m. 

Language Club film, Russian-"My Name Is Ivan 

USB 4030A 

USB 3030A 

USB 2722 

Coffee Hut movies, "Ghost of Zorro" , plus shorts Coffee Hut 
THURSDAY, JA UARY 30 
4:15 p.m. 

Arts Lectures present orman Bailey "Energy 
Deposition by High E ergy Particles in Biological 
Systems", HL AUD 

7:15 p.m. Russian Club 

8:00 p.m. 

8:30 p.m . 

8:30 p.m. 

Guest- in-Residence pr esents Norman Cousins, 
Editor of "Saturday Review" 

Inter- Languagl~ 
Cillb Loungp. 
HL AUD 

Lettermen's Club 
Trident Christian Fellowship presents Dr. Geor ge 
Giacumakis, "!.l'chaiology and Old Tes tament" 

Gym classroom 

USB 2722 
FRIDA-{ .J'\~UARY 31 
6:30 p.m. Wrestling with Pasadena 

Alpha Phi Omega movie, 50 cents 

Gym 

USB 2722 7:30 p.m. 

8:30 p.m. 

9:00 p.m. 

AS presents Ike & Tina Turner Review $1 AS card, Reve lle Main 
$2 all others ' Cafete ria 
Coffee Hut Entertainmen' Coffee Hut 

THE 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF 

COLLEGE STUDENTS 
" announces 

(OLlEGE STUDENTS 
AUTOMOBilE 
INSUr~AN(E PROGRAM 

Under 21 yr old $il.OO S m i-Annual/y 
Over 21 yr old $4 00 Spml-Annually 

(for qu a llfi d stu aell l I 
Evelil ow r rates for marrted & females 

Does your poll y g lvP you All of these b .. , /"i ts fl)r as Iowa pre 
mlum? 
1 20'1 DISCO 1 . ~ cholastic 
2 10'1 DISCO N1 .. on renpwal 
3 Monthly payme 1t 
4 "-iO CA eELLA TIO NS due to driVIng record 
5 SPORTS rARS no additional charge 
6 NO () ' E DE·LI EO THIS ST DE T SPO SORED PROGRAM 
ThJS IS asp clal program for Calif oil ge Stud nts Only 

For Imm diate servlc and inform atIO n ca ll 

CALIFORNIA COllEGE STUDENT PROGRAM · 
2223 EI Coion Blvd. San Diego 

291-4335 

THE UCSD JUDO CLUB IS CUR-
r ently holding practice sessions 
Monday, Tuesday and Thursday 
from 12:00 - 1:00 in the wrestl-
ing room of the gym. All in-
terested students , faculty and 
staff are welcome . The Judo 
Club can provide a limited num-
ber of gis (Judo uniforms). 

=== ============ 
POLITICAL IMPALANCE 

"Is the University Fostering 
a Political Bias?" is the topiC 
to be discussed today, Friday, 
January 24 , beginning at 7:30 
p.m., at the Lutheran Student 
Center next to the UCSDcampus, 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive. 

The discussion is a response 
to the articles and editorials 
in the San Diego press which 
have registered alarm regard-
ing "New Len- and politically 
"liberal- views which have been 
embraced and shared by indi-
viduals within the University 
community. The meeting is open 
to the general public. 
=c::::a============= 

ENCOUNTER GROUPS FOR 
student and faculty. CaU Human 
Resources Institute, 459-3664. 

l==============1 

JEFFREY RASKIN'S "MAZES 
- A Walk-through Environment" 
will remain in the Art Gallery 
on the Matthews Campus until 
this Sunday, January 26. Art 
Gallery hours are Friday, 12-3, 
Saturday and Sunday, 12-4. 

The environment consists of 
two separate mazes. The lar-
ger of the two can be walked 
through while the smaller one 
requires the participant to crawl 
through on hands and knees. 

==============Coi A FREE, PUBLIC SCREENING 
of abstract color transparencies 
and three short films, made by 
artist/photographer Lynn G. 
Fayman, late President of La 
Jolla Museum of Art, will be 
shown at 2:30 p.m. in Sherwood 
Hall on Sunday, January 26. 

The program, which is part 
of the current exhibition at the 
museum of THE PHOTOGRAPH-
IC ART OF LYNN G. FAYMAN, 
will include the prize-winning 
film, "The Red Spot-, chosen 
for exhibition at the International 
Film Festival in Cannes, France 
in 1954 and selected as one of 
the "Ten Best Films for 1955-
at the Photographic Society of 
America International Cinema 
Competition. Also shown will 
be -Greensleeves· and "Sophis-
ticated! Vamp.· 

This kinetic portion of the 
FA YMAN EXHIBITION will be 
repeated on Sunday February 2 
and February 9, also in Sherwood 
Hall at 2:30 p.m. Publicadmiss-
ion is free for all three showings. 

=============== AMERICAN FIE LD AT UCSD: 
Please phone the office of Inter-
national Education 4532000 
X1936 and leave your name and 
address . If you are interested 
in participating in American 
Field Service Day on campus 
come in and talk with Mrs. Fager-
sten. 

===== ======== ==t 
classified ads 

I 2 STUDIOS in Ocean Beach for 

I rent--private--all utilities paid, one is furnished. CA LL 224-3946 
I <lfter 5. 
................. 

MGTD '51. Totally r estored. 
Must sell by Feb. 1. 488-5818. 
................. 

PSA RESERVATIONS--Informa-
tion: Contact student represen-
tatives FRANK & SUE GORMLIE 
224-3946 or 222-2572. 

==============0-
A FREE FOLK SINGING CLASS 

10 Middle-Eastern and European 
languages is being held. Part-
icipants will be taught to sing 
in such languages as Hebrew, 
ArabiC, Turkish, and Carcassin. 
Interested students should call 
291-1585 for more information. 

=============== UCSD PEP BAND NEEDS PLAY-
ers. We perform at varsity 
basketball games . Any inter-
ested instrumentalists please 
contact Marshall Sass, P.O. Box 
4716, La Jolla, 453-5665. Note: 
We do not play "On Wisconsin," 
"Notre Dame,· or the usual pep 
band garbage, but somewhat good 
stuff. 
=============== 

ALL STUDENTS INTERESTED 
in forming a Pre-law Club on 
campus are invited to attend a 
meeting on Tuesday, January 28 
at 7: 30 p.m. in room 4030A-
USB. The purpose of the meet-
ing is to tind out how many 
Pre-law students there are at 
UCSD and to discuss the possible 
benefits such a club could pro-
vide for the members . 

For additional information 
contact Tom Hull, College Dean, 
Revelle on extension 2231. 

~=============OI 

-JESUS ENCOUNTERS THE 
Establishment,· is the theme of 
this Sunday's sermon at Univer-
sity Lutheran Church next to the 
UCSD campus. The Rev. John 
G. Huber, Campus Pastor, will 
preach on the second chapter of 
St. Mark's Gospel, and will offi-
ciate in the traditional Lutheran 
rite, beginning at 10:00 a.m. 

Newly elected officers of the 
church council will be installed. 
Both townspeople and students 
are eligible to hold positions of 
leadership in this campus min-
istry whose aim is to train stu-
dents in churchmanship. 
,=============== TEXAS ACROSS THE RIVER, 

with Dean Martin, Joey Bishop, 
and Alain Delon, starts Fri. and 
Sat., Jan. 24 and 25 at 7:30 p.r(!. 
at USB 2722. Admission: 50~. 

An uninhibited spoof that is 
more Tom Jones in spirit than 
Buck Jones, this comedy western 
takes a SQuint-eyed look to the 
brawling frontier with lts picar-
esque characters and delivers a 
swift blow to all the beloved 
cliches of the classic American 
Western. 

It is well-stocked with gunfire, 
beautiful women, Indians,the U.S. 
Cavalry, Texas longhorn bulls, 
fast horses and other ingredi-
ents vital to the slam-bang, ac-
tion-packed horse opera of an-
other day. ;,==============c STUDENTS HA VING COM-
plaints or suggestions about Food 
Services at UCSD should contact 
Dick Mather (Revelle), Larry 
Bonafide (Matthews Campus) or 
John Lapetina (General Manager 
for Hi Continental) and let their 
feelings be known. All three 
men are eager to work with 
you to give you the most for 
your food dollar. They are 
here every day and will be 
mOTP than glad to talk to you. 

============c::::a=~ 
ISTA representatives will be 

on campus January 27-29 from 
9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m. to pro-
vide information and show a film 
to all interested persons. 

Applications and assistance in 
completing them will be available 
to mature, qualified person. Sen-
iors are preferred; however, 
applicants should be at least 
upper division. Younger appli-
cants should have a background 
of experience in living and/or 
working in poverty areas. 

VISTA volunteers live and work 
with persons in poverty areas 
in the U.S. Volunteers serve 
for one year on Indian reserva-
tions, in Urban slums and rural 
areas, migrant worker camps, 
Job Corps Center and with the 
mentally ill and retarded. Liv-
ing and personal expenses are 
provided as well as a stipend of 
$50 per month at the end of 
service. 

=============== Continuing students who will 
be attending UCSD for the 1969-
70 academic year must file Fi-
nancial Aid Application papers 
by February 15, 1969. Current 
recipients of financial aid must 
re-apply for the succeeding year. 
Financial Aid Application papers 
and attendant documents are 
available in the Financial Aids 
Office, BuUding 250, Matthews 
Camous. 

J Trav.I .......•••.•.....•.••.....• J 3 
_ .. -- ---_ .. 

6TH ANNUAL EU ItOI'f JET FlIGHTS 

$275 lIoun6-trlp 'rom 1.0. A ....... 
V.or -'round deportur .. from 2 to 
12 ..... 

SI'fCIAI. SI'IING OUAm.fUGHT 
Mew ... 30-Ju ... 9-LA'/lMt.-AmII.r./ 
L.A. - $255. All IIighh ";0 U.S_ 
C.rtilicoIecI Airlift ... 
World Allain CI .. - 4346 Ov.r-
IoncI An. c..1" ... City (213) .,1-
9329, .Il'i'Ili _ 

• 


