
Sacramento Passes Bills 
Curbing Campus Unrest 

All too otten these days the 
center of attention has merely 
been the campus skirmishes tak-
ing place throughout the state. 
However, what lurks in the back-
ground as a potentially more 
serious matter for the univer-
sity community arises not out 
of Berkeley, but out of Sacra-
mento. 

Last week the state Senate 
passed by an overwhelming vote 
the first two of a series of b111s 
aimed at "curbing violence" on 
state College and University of 
California campuses. Both mea-
sures, introduced by Senator 
Donald Grunsky (R-Watsonville), 
will go to the Assembly, where 
passage is also likely. 

One bill, passed by a vote of 
31 to 5, authorizes college and 
university administrators to bar 
from their campuses "known 
troublemakers" and persons they 
believe "may threaten the or-
derly operation of the campus." 

The only opposition to these 
measures came from Senator 
Marvyn Dymally (0- Los Angeles) 
who said he planned to vote 
against "all of these hysterical 
bills." 

Dymally, a Negro, pointed out 
that the Legislature this year has 
been flooded with bills designed 
to crack down on those who pro-
test against the present educ-
ational system. "But I have not 
as yet seen any proposals by 
the authors of this hysterical 
legis lation which would broaden 
educational opportunities in Cal-
ifornia," he said. 

Grunsky, who sponsored the 
bills, said that legislation was 
needed to permit administrators 

to bar troublemakers from their 
campuses before they can act to 
cause more trouble. He saw 
his bills as being aimed pri-
marily at "riot leaders who 
travel from campus to campus 
leading violent activity." 

Specifically, the bill would 
make it a misdemeanor for a 
person barred from a campus to 
remain on the campus or re-
turn to it. 

The bill would, 
in effect, give the administrators 
the authority to decide who did 
or did not constitute a "clear 
and present danger" to the cam-
pus. 
pY6. 

The flood of bills aimed at 
campus dissidents has been lar-
gelya result of statements made 
by Governor Reagan, who has 
repeatedly urged that stiff mea-
sures be enacted. Many persons 
have accused the governor of 
being politically motivated in his 
action. 

Former Governor Edmund 
Brown said last week that Rea-
gan's handling of the higher edu-
cation troubles in California have 
boosted his popula.rity adtl made 
a difficult man for the Demo-
crats to beat in 1970. "The 
inadequacies of his adminis-
tration are completely smothered 
by his stand against violence." 

"It's pure unadulterated bunk 
to pass all those laws," said 
Brown. "There are enough laws 
on the book to take care of any 
campus crisis. 

This year some 65 bills have 
been introduced that aim at 
cracking down on campus vio-
lence. 

RCG Considers Changes 
for free Speech Area 

Jeff Benjamin, a Revelle Sen-
ator to the AS, presented a pro-
posed change in campus policy 
regarding distribution ami sales 
of comm:!rcial literature. One 
of the amendments w11l not pro-
hibit hawking as opposed to shout-
ing or accosting in the Free 
Speech Plaza: salesmen may 
wander through the plaza like 
peanut vendors .. t a ball game 
and shall not disconvenience in-
dividuals by verbal harrass-
ment or physical interference. 

The Free Speech Board recom-
mended and had carried a point 

RO!la ld Reagan, finding that he 
was getting on badly with his 
mongrel, put himself and the dog 
through a $250 course of psycho-
therapy at a Beverly HUls canine 
Cunny farm. (Tim , Feb. 14, 1969, 
page 60) 

6 to the present regulations: 
"All requests for exception to 
the -stated policy must be sub-
mitted in writing, except in cases 
where it is clearly impossible to 
do so, 24 hours in advance." 
It is clearly impossible when, for 
instance, the need for amplifi-
cation equipment has arisen in 
a short time. 

Fluxus gave a short de scrip-
tion of their afternoon parade. 

The Nieburger Resolution, a 
recommendation of theiormation 
of a campus-wide Committee on 
student Conduct was passed and 
will be communicated to Muir 
Gollege. 

Dr. Stroll's resolution with 
specifiC reference to the Marine 
recruitment incident was not car-
ried. 

The body planned a meeting to 
work exclusively on the consti-
tution. 

---D.E. 
Dr. Daniel Orr captivates audience in controversial lecture 
yesterday 011 Marxism. 

___ v.t.. 
A FLUXUS 'OPERATION'-ONE OF THE NUMEROUS WEffiD OCCURENCES THAT TOOK PLACE IN LAST 
WEEK'S FLUXUS PARADE HELD ON THE REVELLE PLAZA 

Volume 6, Issue 8 March 7, 1969 
University of California, San Dieqo 

Professors Hold Work Strike', 
Meet to Discuss Scientists'Role 

Hundreds of the nation's 
university professors, research-
ers, and students cut classes and 
work Tuesday to discuss the 
scientists' role In military-re-
lated research. 

This "work strlke" was In con-
junction with the national con-
vention of physicists held last 
week in New York, where two 
organizations from major cam-
puses urged both natural and phy-
sical scientists to re-examine 
their profession regarding its 
social usefulness. They call 
for a general work stoppage of 
all scientific research for last 
Tuesday, March 4. 

To dramatize the new aware-
ness in the SCiences, a Science 
Action Coordinating Committee 
planned these research stoppages 
at schools around the country. 
The work strlke was called, not 

against the schools where 
research is carried out, but in-
stead, "to encourage scientists 
and engineers to scrutinize pol-
itical and moral considerations 
before working on research fin-
anced by the military, II and to 
point out the shortage of non-
military research opportunities. 

On the UCSD campus, only two 
incidents were found related to 
this work stoppage. In the psy-
chology department, Dr. Roland 
Whilelmy changed his regular 
class program to discuss social 
psychology and the sciences, re-
lating his field to the morallty 
of science today. 

Also in concern over this new 
social awareness, a film was 
shown Tuesday evening at Scripps 
Institute of Oceanography cov-
ering the anti-ballistic missile 
program. This program is a 

CPE Needs .Support, 
F aces Difficulties 

The Center for Participatory 
Education has run into some dif-
ficulties in both financial and 
personnel matters. We esta-
blished the Center as a place 
of reference for student-initiated 
courses. The deadline for norm-
ally initiated courses came three 
short weeks into this quarter, so 
any other courses offered had 
to go through other channels. 

The course on "Critical An-
alysis of the University," orig-
Inally hoped to be offered Spring 
1969, has been found by the stu-
dents and faculty members sett-
ing the course up to be a mon-
strous undertaking, and the plan 
Is now a three quarter sequence 
of courses dealing with the his-
torical development of the univ-
ersity,'educational concepts, free 
universities, financing the univ-
ersity, etc. It is hoped that 
this sequence may be considered 
for a Social Science Sequence. or 
fulfilling half of the Revelle Col-
]ege non-contiguous minor re-
quirement. 

The cour se on Ethics and Tech-
nology quickly ran into difficulty 
because of a general lack of know-
ledge and literature in this field. 

CPE is interested in in-
itiating more cour s, but we 
can't do the foot-work. If 

you have the time and the in-
clination to try to set up a 
class, we can offer assistance 
in finding an interested faculty 
member, office materials, and 
registrar information. 

CPE would also like to put 
out a faculty evaluation hand-
book. For this we need some-
one with time and knowledge of 
computer programming. 

Our other areas of interest 
include setting up a group reg-
istration policy for students who 
think that the intensity of com-
munication generated by friends 
in recitations would be of bene-
fit in making what they learn 
more meaningful on a day-to-
day basis and promoting project 
majors and minors so that stu-
dents can spend more time in 
se 1l - rewarding independent 
study. 

But to promote these pro-
grams, we need both support 
and advice. We welcome any 
letters from grad, under grads, 
faculty and dministration m m-
bers. We also have brief me t-
ings at 8:30 p.m. on Wedne days, 
which, if you :lre intere ted in 
are interest d In helping out or 
starting a new cours (199's and 
198's can still arranged). 
w would glad to h v you 
att nd. 

prime example of what the work 
revolt is all about. 

At Massachusetts Institute of 
Technology, where the movement 
began, a faculty group, The Un-
ion of Concerned Scientists call-
ed the affair "a symbolic protest 
directed at the military's use of 
university research. 

A spokesman for the March 4 
stoppage group at Yale Univer-
sity said the day was planned 
to "critically examine the dan-
gers of corrupting scientific re-
search." 

A spokesman for the March 4 
stoppage group at Yale Univer-
sity said the day was planned to 
critically examine the dangers of 
corrupting scientific research. 

At the University of Pennsyl-
vania in Philadelphia, all under-
graduate classes were suspended 
to permit discussions of a broad-
er range of subjects. About 
18,000 students were affected. 

"We felt if we remained nar-
row ... we would be speaking 
only to a small group of peo-
ple of the same opinion," com-
mented the organizer of the pro-
gram there. 

On the West Coast, students 
and scientists partiCipated in 
programs at stanford, UC Berk-
eley, UC Medical Center in San 
Francisco, and San Francisco 
State. 

In many universities, the stu-
dents and faculty observed a 
"Day of Concern' but no work' 
stoppage was reported. 

March 4 may signify the big-
gest single act of social aware-
ness in the science since Dr. 
Robert Oppenheimer and others 
in the late 40's tried to alert 
the government about their own 
invention, the nuclear bomb. 
"But," one physicist added, "it'll 
be a long time befote we get all 
the scientists out of the labs 
and into the street~." 

In ,~~::p~~~.~~ 
Campus Corn r ... 3 
Rc>rke1ey ........ 4 
YAP on campus •.. S 

Soundin~s ....•.. R 
KSDT .•••....•.. ln 
Sports ..•...... 11 



P.,. 2 March 7. 1969 
i - - T C 

GHS'f~ · 
The People Do Not Have Political Power In the Humanities Library Aud-

itorium yesterday evening a cap-
acity crowd witnessed what is 
surely the most virulent form 
of anti-intellectualism thatUCSD 
has ever witnessed in its sbort 
history. This does not refer to 
Professor Orr's rather Inetlec-
tual and ill-prepared attempt to 
refute his SDS critics and what 
the title of his lecture referred 
to as "Neo-Marxist dogma." It 
Instead refers to the actions of 
a few persons who were unwilling 
to grant Orr even the right to be 
wrong. 

Regrettably, but not unexpectedly, most of the comment on the Marine 
incident of February 21 has dealt only with questions of the civU or 
individual rights of Stout to recruit and of students to be recruited 
011 the UCSD campus. students for a Democratic Society organized 
that action because we are opposed to American imperialism and the 
miUtary establishment needed to enforce it. 

Eighty-five percent of the officer positions in the Marine Corps are 
filled by college graduates, and for the University to allow recruit-
ment means that it is used directly in the perpetation of the war in 
Vietnam. Many people, represented by those that blocked the entrance 
to the placement center, are opposed to the war and are extremely 
upset that the place where they live and work is fighting a war they 
hate. 

Mflitary recruiting is called a "normal function of the Unive r sity;" 
given the policy of the United states of America, this simply should 
not be the case. The Marines daily kill thousands of Vietnamese and 
since counter-insurgency is practised by the military against re-
volutionary movements that have the potential to change institutions 
in underdeveloped countries, we are insuring that millions of people 
wlll starve to death that might have been ted. 

There are people on this campus that feel that the University need 
not and ought not partiCipate directly in the maintenance ot the Marine 
Corp's efficiency in perpetrating such atrocities. What we did was a 
political act intended ·to show and rally support for an anti-Vietnamese 
war, anti- imperialistic position. ' . 

That is the main issue, the issue that motivated the 100 students, 
and that is what is Important. It is true, however, that individual 
freedoms are Importantly involved, too, though not necessarily in 
such a simple way as previous comment would have us believe. 

In the late 19th century, the United states Supreme Court gave an 
interpretation of the corporation that gave it the rights to which every 
individual is entitled. It guaranteed equal protection of the law to the 
corporations on the basis of the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments to 
the Constitution. Thus it was considered a conspiracy in restraint 
of trade and an infringement on an Individual's (the corporation's) 
right to make contracts for workers to join together in a union. 

Justice Pitney said, "Wherever the right ot private property exists, 
there must and will be inequalities of fortune; and thus it naturally 
happens that parties negotiating about a contract are not equally 
hampered by circumstances." Pitney was assuring every individual's 
right to negotiate from a positionotweaknessas an unemployed worker. 

The ideology of individual rights was used directly to oppress the 
working people of the United states. Later the right to form unions 
and the right to collective bargaining was won by the labor movement. 
Many Americans died in that struggle, but collective action was able 
to we 11 win the point. 

Are such episodes now over in the American history? Not at all. 
The conspiracy law is used to prosecute collective political action 
in this country. Every individual in America has the right to write 
his congressman, but he has not the right to meet together with others 
to plan effective political action that might concelveablyresult In arrest. 

And .. obviously, anything can result in arrest where political action 
is concerned; Century City is one example. It was merely declared 
an illegal assembly by the pollce, and a crime was thereby created. 

EDITOR IN CHIEF 
John McCarthy 

NEWS EDITOR 
steve Landau 

SPORTS EDITOR 
Bob Gorby 

FINE ARTS EDITOR 
Paul Hamburg 

MANAGING EDITOR 
Chris Sheldon 

AD MANAGER 
John Demir jian 

FEATURE EDITOR 
Tom Baker 

PHOTOGRAPHY EDITOR COPY EDITOR 
Doug Easton 

STAFF WRITERS 
Bill Alaoglu 
Clayton Anderson 
Albert Elzas 
Randy Ericson 
Joel Goodman 
Jeri Grayman 
Fred Grunewald 
Eric Halgren 
Richard Harris 
Portia LaTouchl! 
Kerwin Lebeis 
Dave SachermaI 
Larry Raful 
John Sussman 
P"n1 Emus 

Haywood Gammon 

PHOTOGRAPHERS 
Lenny Bourin 
Jay Kromschroeder 

GRAPHIC ARTS 
Rob Cohen 

COpy CREW 
Nancy Keys 
Chris .PflUgto;lcter 
Craig Starr 

JUSTOWRITERS 
Judy Alsberg 
Marianne Decker 
Suzanne Nester 
Dave Stearns 

STAFF SECRETAR) 
Peggy Braunstein 

Office: 250 MC 
Pbooe: Ext. 1077 

Many people were therefore beaten for committing a crime. Benjamin 
Spack was convicted of conspiracy for encouraging men to avoid 
the draft. 

His position is therefore analogous to that of a union organizer 
in that both were attemptlngcollecUvepoliticalaction. ~ committed 
no crime but that of meeting with other people who were placing them-
selves in the same position. Spack had all the individual rights 
he needed but as an individual he was powerless. 

The case of the Marine Recruiter at UCSD is similar. On the 
one hand is the organized power of the Marine Corps and the adminis-
tration and on the other is the individual right not to have to talk to 
stout. students are, however, forced to see and talk to Stout by the 
fact that they do not have the individual right to stay out of a war they 
hate. At the most a handful of per-

sons constantly Interrupted Dr. 
cases, forced to accept unacceiXable alternatives, one of which is to Orr, making derisive comments. 
talk to stout. The Oakland Seven, charged with conspiracy for anti· Several persons In the audience 
draft demonstrations, resorted to collective action and now are subje'voiced their disapproval of this 
to imprisonment. behavior, one of whom was Dr. 

student deferments end with graduation, and students are, in many 

It is not a matter of stout's individual rights to talk to coerced Marcuse. 
students (who can see him elsewhere) in the face ot the atrocities that The manner in which Orr's 
stout represents. Wben such gross inequalities exist between "in- critics attempted to discredit 
dividuals," Insistence on individual rights is merely bourgeois ideol- him destroyed any validity in 
ogy used by the ruling class to prevent etlective political action. what they werl:! saying. The few 

The inequality makes a mockery of the philosophy behind it. For remarks made by Dr. Marcuse 
people on tbis campus to use ltagainst members of their own community In refutation to Orr, made, we 
when they agree witb the reasons for the action, is for them to be used, might add at the proper time and 
manipulated and made Into tools. In the pr'oper manner had in-

Individual rights are used directly as a justification of imperialism. finitely more effect ~d intel-
Peru ·is an underdeveloped country, dependent greatly on its fishing lectual content than did the sum 
industry for survival. The United states is a highly developed country, total of the raving and ranting 
not dependent on fish caught within 200 miles of the Peruvian coast. of the others 
Moreover, the American fishing industry hasgreatlydepletedresources One must 'feel that his intel-
closer to home. lectual armor is extremely thin 

But the U.S. insists on its "individual" rights on what it considers It he must resort to such child-
the high seas, the right to use technologically efficient means to utllize Ish methods to combat his op-
resources desperately needed by poorer nations. Such entrepren- ponent Certainly U he wishes to 
eurlal rights were the goal of the Open Door Policy with respect to infiue;ce anyone outside those 
old China, and are the basis of present-day Vietnam pollcy. who already agree with him this 

People now die and will die in ever-increasing numbers under this Is the worst way to go aoo'ut it. 
policy, enforced by the Marines. It must change. As for Dr. Orr, we recommend 

Only select individual rights are guaranteed in the United states. that he obtain for his perusal 
What does such an i.deology mean in a country that has a draft law that a good copy of Marx's Capital. 
excludes political opinion as a reason for deferment? 

What does it mean when crimes without victims -- marijuana smoking, 
lor example -- occupy most of the time of the police and the courts? 
Can you select your own individual rights? No. You don't have pol-
itical power. 

It was civil disobedience of the "normal functions of the University" 
on February 21, but we don't expect to be disciplined by people who 
agree with our reasons. Defend the 100 students, and stop mllitary 
and other war-related recruitment on this campus. 

Sign the petition of support. America is not a democracy and the 
people do not have political power. We must take it. --SOS 

HE'S PREPARED 
President Nixon is prepared 

to tace the tuture--whichever 
way he wants to tace it. 

He has a liberal speeehwriter 
(Ray Price) a conservative 
speechwriter (Pat Buchanan) and 
a centrist speechwriter (Bill Sa-
fire). 

. , 

CAMPUS 
.CORNER 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA 
By STEVE LANDAU 

Since the beginning o( this school year I have! oo"m a~:~l1rrJl;!d rIle 
dubious honor of acting as UCSI)'s "Campois Stringer" tor the Copley 
press. This has taken the form of a weekly column which appeared 
in Tuesday's Evening Tribune :tlong with those of correspondents 
from three other San Diego ana. coJt~ges . I say appeared, for I was 
informed last week that my services were no longei' required. 

In light ot these circumstances I have decided to utilize this space 
for the purpose of sharing with you my experiences with my illustrious 
employer (in the interests of providing some insight into this mono-
lith which monopolizes the San Diego newspaper industry). 

March 7, 1969 
i Page 3 

Bureaucracy Guest Edi'or;a' 
Why Should W e Swallow It? 

My first impulse, a few years ago, on being 
made chairman of the BUilding Committee for II 0, 
was to check around and see what the occupants 
of a humanities building would like to have. The 
responses of students and faculty were unsur-
prislng: they wanted a building that could be lived 
in and worked in. I took it from there , and got 
some specific ideas together. 

and offices that would reflect the sense of life 
at this university, not remind us of the prison-
houses of education that have so long aborted 
from the designer's plan. We thought that a build-
ing should be identifiable: not to seem to be 
either a lecture hall, a charity hospital, or a 
county jail. This wasn't actually vetoed-it was 
just ignored. 

First, in order that the tirade that follows no! be interpreted merely 
as "sour grapes," I feel it necessary to relate my motives Ll accepting : 
this job, for I have been skeptical trom thE' start. Even the limltlOlel 
exposure I had received to Copley's two local outlets during my past 
two years of San Diego residence had l~rt me wi'.h, -;hall we say, a 
lack of respect for same. The prospect of being an employee of the 
Copley organization was not altogether a pleasant one, and I knew 
that there would have to be other compensating factors beside the 
salary, which was not lu~rative, to induce me to underlake what 
appeared, at face valle, to be an rlllt righf trall.~f:l'essl,)11 a~\illst my 

Those who were to use the building had already 
formed some opinions based on our previous 
experience on this campus. In the first place, 
they wanted to make sure that it wouldn't suffer 
from the crushing stupidities infiicted on this 
campus in the past: the futile air-conditioning in 
the H- L building; the dank offices In the bowels 
of that place, the classrooms without sight or 
smell of fresh air. 

students wanted a place in which offices would 
adjoin classrooms, so that instead of making 
interminable arrangements they could simply walk 
out of class and into a professor's quarters. They 
wanted a place in which they could, with a little 
bit of comfort and dignity, wait to see a prote!;sor 
who might be busy. Professors wanted oUices with 
enough room to swing a cat. Everybody wanted 
rooms with windows that would work. 

We thought that classrooms and offices cou.d 
have built-in materials to make their use more 
than a fifty- minute sentence. So, it was proposed 
that small classrooms have the same kind of 
arrangement sometimes found In forward-looking 
auditoriums: tiers, padded seats, a horsehoe shape 
so that the instructor could approach all students, 
not just those In the front row. Vetoed by the 
administration. 

Well, atter all this you'd think we hadn't learneJ. 
But hope springs eternal, even when dealing with 
the bureaucracy. The most important thing, clearly, 
was to make some sense of our environment. 
Anyone who has used the H- L building knows 
that the moans and throbs in the basement come 
from the impotent air-conditioning system. All 
promise and no performance. 

We wanted to avoid that in the new building. mOf,.: :ode. ' 
I was w~1t 'lwar'~ that wha.t Paul Newm:HJ, in the m(WI!~ ~just berare 

he W:J.S p'Jmmellel\ wt'h gllllp'hV'~~ ~y r~sjdel ll !) tg5) "Coot Hanel 
Luke", re fe rri!d t,) -I." ,1 ~) "I,~ 11,:1< M communication !>etw'~ 3n 
t ~le IInl v~ro;1tj ~ rl(1 : ile p'"t.lbll~hment !lr~:;·; . 30, dedh\l~d to' he 
desir.1blllty or CI),'per>li . l.s wHo th", <;y)!:~m wh~n ;)'~ ,ll)rlclall)r ':!x()a,I;'~ . l ! . 
I embar~~:1 UP,)'I ttlle; v'll1tur':! with tilt! hOflO;l thai! might ~ abl~ to teli 
it like H is to the San Dlegn commullity lad ;\1 I ~a6t be tol':!rated for :J. 
'Nhi1~ by Mr. Copl\lY. 

Walter Cronkite. venerabJp nean of television announcers, has ad-
mitted that he is not objective nor does he try to be, for that is im-
possible; he merely trie s to be fair. Accordingly, I sought to emulate 
this standard, and would maintain that tor the most part I did during 
my employment for Copley. 

Somehow it seems that what I reported, however, was not the news 
that Copley saw fit to print, as several incidents ot censorship and 
high-level decisions on my articles would tend to indicate. The only 
other possible criteria that I could imagine would be the quality of my 
writing. 

I do not intend here to expound upon any journalistic talents I might 
have, but with all due modesty I mllst say, however, that when the 
general quality of writing in the Copley press is taken into considera-
tion, my grounds for dismissal on this basis are considerably diminished. 

Most of my columns were non-controversial, perhaps dull, hope-
fully informative. However, as UCSD inevitably became involved In 
controversy during the course of the year, I found myself entering 
into the fray. for this was what was really happening of importance 
on campus. 

As a matter of fact, In my 
second column I plunged ankle-
deep Into violent controversy, 
when I reported on Eldridge 
Cleaver's appearance on campus: 
"The appearance of two contro-
versial guest lecturers has made 
pOlitical and social issues major 
topics of conversation around 
campus. Black Panther Minister 
of Information Eldridge Cleaver 
spoke to an overflow crowd in the 
gym Friday night. Tonight Harry 
Edwards, who proposed black 
boycott (sic) of the Olympic 
games addresses students at 8 
p.m. In the gym." The next 
week my boss told me that It 
had been necessary for him to 
receive clearance from "up 
front" to print this Inflammatory 
piece of information. 

The second "controversy' of the year occurred when the Regents 
met at UCSD. Seeing that some 200 students felt strongly enough 
about the issue to deprive themselves of fo od for several days, I 
thought I would make some mention of this hunger strike that was 
taking place. Although the paragraph I had written was not printed, 
I must, in all fairness , concede that it was typed at the end of the sheet 
I had submitted, and that space considerations necessitated cutting 
part of the report. However, what really infuriated me was when 
my boss later told me that I was lucky I had gotten so much printed 
already (I was able to report on the 100-strong silent protest demon-
stration), for even their education writer had not been "allowed' 
to report at all on any of the students' activities. 

At this point I seriously considered resigning, but decided once more 
that I was still, In my capacity, capable of printing more real news 
of the university than ever gets in that paper, and could do so more 
effectively than anyone else they might find more to their liking. 

But as fate would have it, I once more became entangled in vio-
lent controversy. Dr Herbert Marcuse's contract was up for renewal 
and the San Diego Union was running a smear campaign against him. 
I suppose that Copley didn't take too kindly to their UCSD stringer 
dutifully reporting that a) 1000 students signed a petition supporting 
Dr. Marcuse, and that b) the same number of students signed a pet-
ition affirming the leadership of Chancellor McGlIl in his handling 
of the matter. Copley's bag, you see, is to convince his readers that 
these campus dissidents are a small hard-core minority of militant 
faSCistic commie revolutionaries. 

But then what can you expect from a newspaper which conducts 
a continual propoganda campaign against the university by constantly 
prInting innammatory s tatements made by individuals otten so obscure 
that no decent sell-respecting newspaper would consider their hot-
aired polemic at all newsworthy. The subtle brainwashing is evl-

continued on page 9 

From that beginning dates a long relationship 
with the bureaucracy. First thing to do was put the 
proposals into plans; second was to see that they 
got accepted. To illustrate: it appeared to anyone 
who had used our buildings for more than a week 
that the simple act of walking into them was 
claustrophobiC. They all had these god-awful 

And not only because of the noise and futility of 
the mechanism, but sirr. ,.> ly because anyone who 
uses an air-conditioning system in La Jolla is 
clearly out of his wits. Particularly on this mesa, 
where there Is a continual breeze, it is most 
arrant nonsense to replace a window with a machine. 

Considering this of great importance (it makes 
the difference between a liveable office or class 
room and a place you want to escape from) a 
group of faculty met with administration and pled 
for opening windows. We were met with promises, 
endearments and sanctified notations of our public 
sptrit. We were also notified that the new building 
would not have opening wmdows because it was 
more expensive to put them in than it was to put 
in an air-conditioning system. 1 asked these ques-
tions: Do we need it? Does this "cheaper" include 
maintenance cost of an air-conditioning system 
over 20 years? No answers. As some one once 
said, the sound of one hand clapping. 

long corridors which were a cross between Kafka 
and the county hospital. 

Off these corridors were the cells of the 
faculty. which were functional enougb-except for 
one important respect. There was no place to 
put the students. There was room for a chair 
all right, but no one had ever stopped to think 
what could be done if more than one student 
was waiting to use it. The only thing that could be 
done was to have the backlog walt in the hall. 
Standing. Or lying down. Or squatting . 

Well that does seem a Uttle bit fOOlish, In 
this age of architects and engineers. It seemed 
only rational to propose that we ahandon this 
kind of folly, and break the corridors up Into 
alcoves. Into these alcoves, put some furniture, 
some lamps, even hang a picture or two. If you 
can s1l like a human being to have your teeth 
pulled, you can sit to read or think. Vetoed by 
the administration. 

To illustrate again. We all wanted classrooms 

It is not too late to do something about this 
building. You are going to have to live with it; 
you'd better do something about it. The Muir 
Literature Group has: its 15 professors passed 
this resolutioll--Oot to move Into Building II 0 or 
use it if It was put up without real live windows. 
You can let the code s and their creatures lead 
you to the trough, but certainly you don't have to 
swallow it. 

LETTERS 
Dear Editor: 

As an impartial observer at 
the Marine recruiter incident last 
Friday, one thing, at least, was 
clear: if Ronnie and the Re-
gents are at present the great-
est threat to the freedoms in-
herent in a university, then the 
shrill strident demands of our 
self-appointed student 'leaders ' 
Is the second greatest threat. 

These pompous Idiots, with 
their walkie-talkies and sell-
Important little c liques, boil up 
around a legitimate cause like 
acne on a first date. Being 
hung up on their own egos, they 
feed on attention and are pre-
dictably loud and righteous at 
confrontations, public discuss-
ions, and the defense of bruised 
rights. 

Last Friday, they assumed the 
role of the injured citizen de- • 
ineding his freedoms ("You're 
causing this Incident, Captain. 
We don't want any trouble!"), 
seized upon technicalities to 
cloud the real jssues ("That 
building is symbolic, Captain. 
We won't let you into that build-
ing.") and consistently denied 
others the very freedoms they 
profess to protect. 

After 30 minutes of confused 
debate with a few of these vis -
clous Children, the captain asked 
if he cou Id speak his piece to 
all the assembled students. They 
agreed, and when he mounted a 
porch to speak, they vllJlfled him, 

ridiculed him, shouted him down, 
and refused to let him finish a 
sentence or say how he felt. 

I, for one, was rather sickened 
and deeply ashamed, not only of 
the loud-mouthed idiots that led 
that circus, but of the mindless 
sheep that baa-ed in unison when 
prodded with a slogan or a wise-
crack that they could identify 
with. 

It became clear to those they 
kept their heads (and their in-
tegrity) that they wouldn't let the 
man speak out because they were 
afraid of what he would say. 
And so they relied upon their 
tried-and-true tactics of ridi-
cule, herd emotions, and VOir-
UME. 

I feel Dean Murphy and the 
captain were fair, mature, and 
extre me Iy tolerant during the in-
cident, in sharp contrast to the 
gesticulating fools that danced 
around· them. In short, they 
acted like men, not like sullen 
chlIdren in the throes of a tan-
trum. 

Students, remember: the se 
geese are the ones who are heard, 
who pretend to speak for you 
on the barricades. Why should 
they vent the ir neuroses at our 
expense ? Those who weren't in 
favor of on-campus recruitment 
showed up; what about those who 
were? "There is a special 
place in he 11 rese rved for those 
who, in times of great moral 
crisis, maintain their neut-
rality. " GET INVOLVED. 

Sincerely, 
Walt McKeown 
AMES Grad 

Huher Commends 
Dear Editor : 

We commend and support 
Chancellor William McGill in 
his decision to rehire Dr. Herb-
ert Marcuse. We believe that 
this action is intellectually and 
morally essential for the 1lniv-
ersitv to serve as an appro-
priate forum for evaluating all 
points of view. We express our 
confidence in the ability of stu-
dents and faculty to engage in 
the intellectual discipline of mak-
Ing value judgments in the market 
place of ideas in a way that is 
critical, constructive, creative 
and responsible. 

As a gathering of Christlans 
who participate in a ministry 
devoted to se rvlng the entire 
1Jniw·rsitv. we identify with the 
concerns of the campus, but also 
with the best interests of the 
local community, our nation and 
our world. As ~ churCh, our 
primary Identity is with Jesus 
Christ, our Lord, who identified 
with the entire human race in 
his life and death of 'edemptive 
love and reconciliatioll . Our faUh 
in him as the Ultimate 'i'ruth Rives 
us security to risk the discovery 
ot truth from whatever source It 
may come. 

We give our encouragement to 
the academic communityofUrc:n 
and to the competent leadership 
of Its Chancellor and adminis-
trators. 

The Rev. John George Huber, 
Campus Pa tor and a Quorum 
of the Church Council 
(Mor J tI r s on pag nin) 



Pase 4 March 7 1969 

REFLECTIONS ON BERKELEY 
Editor's note: The foHowing 
is the second in a ser ~es of 
eyewitness accounts {In the con-
tinuing Berkeley Wars (Copley 
Pre ss , please note). 

by r.1ayton Anderson 

To the people who follow such 
things, the Berkeley Regents 
meeting promised more dull 
meetings, possibly a few more 
outrageous resolutions aimed at 
the naughty university commun-
ity, and the spectacle of senility 
and entrenched reactionaries 
battling off the combined forces 
of reason, intelligence and com-
mon sense. 

It did indeed produce this. But 
it also produced, in the con-
ference rooms and in the streets, 
the picture of an institution at 
war within itself, with neither 
side really listening to the other. 

In the following order, I would 
like to deal with the Regents 
and their actions, the campus 
disturbances and the forces in-
volved, and finally this pattern 
of conflict which is in many cases 
found throughout the country. 

The two most extraordinary 
aspects of the Regents meetings 
were the exceedingly long closed 
sessions that were held and the 
Canaday resolutions concerning 
the Berkeley campus. The closed 
executive sessions, which took 
place both Thursday and Friday, 
reportedly dealt with Prof. Mar-
cuse and Chancellor McGill in a 
rather heated fashion. 

While what went on behind those 
doors is largely a matter of 
conjecture, Reagan and his allie s 
were reported to have been ex-
tremely upset with McGill and 
to have moved to censor him or 
even worse. The end result of 
the battle was a defeat for Rea-
gan, but it seems certain that 
at the next Regents meeting an 
attempt will be made to give the 
Regents final review power in 
any further over-age appoint-
ments or tenure appointments. 

The Canaday resolution con-
cerning the Berkeley campus 
was passed during the final open 
sess ion in an atmosphere not 
unlike that surrounding a shot-
gun wedding. The gun used was 
that of Reagan and his emotional 
outburs ts about campus guerrila 
warfare, and the bed partners 
were the eager, pregnant-with-
fear r eactionaries , and the mod-
erates who felt Reagan's gun 
oarre l of "public opinion" stick-
ing in their backs . As you might 
notice, it is a poorly worded, 
extremely vague resolution 
.vhich succeeds in punishing the 
lccused before his trial by keep-
ping him away from classes and 
the campus for at least two weeks. 

It was passed over the objec-
tion of President Hitch, who felt 
that the matter should be pre-
sented to the proper rule change 
committee as wasstandardprac-
tice. This put the Regen :s in the 
hypocritical position of 'Ipposing 
change outside the existi':Jgchan-
nels while passing re l.olutions 
which skirted these sar.le chan-
nels whenever it suit ~d their 
fancy. 

My final observatior on the 
Regents is their chroni ~ lack of 
organizational control. [t seems 
that this university i~ r un in 
spite of their action, not be-
cause of them. lodividLally and 
collectively, with the exception of 
Regent Dutton and a few others , 
they seem to have Uttle under-
standing of the power available 
to them nor do they feel com-
fortable with the administration 
that exercises that power. They 
grab at power whenever they feel 
the need, and then swing from 
the heels. They sit on top of the 
university mountain while rolling 
stones on those of us below whom 

they fear or do not understand. 
In the next section, I would 

like to point out some of the 
observations which struck me as 
the gas and the rocks were fiy-
ing around. 

The first of these is that tbe 
negotiations between the students 
and the administrators, and the 
issues which they were discuss-
ing, were enveloped in a thick 
fog of accusations and denials. 

Not only did the original Is-
sues seem to fade out of sight, 
for students especially, but It 

Once again, on Thursday after-
noon, the fighting broke out. The 
most amazing thing about the 
disturbance itse If was the fact 
that the police were protecting 
absolutely nothing except them-
selves. Reagan contends that 
without the police the students 
would destroy the university, but 
from what [ saw the students 
controlled 95 per cent of the 
campus and yet no efforts were 
made to burn or destroy the 
campus. The campus was at the 
mercy of a "student mob" of 

[ also saw no pedestrians mo-
lested nor any private cars dam-
aged, although [must confess [did 
see a police car thoroughly de-
molished earlier in the day. lo 
addition to this [ heard reports 
of students going aU the street 
loto the stores, recovering from 
the tear gas, buying tood, and 
then going back out into the 
street to battle the cops. 

If the action was not one of a 
mob, [ do not wish to give the 
impression that it was all one 
sided and coming from the cops. 

" I HAVE NO PARTICULAR LOVE FOR THE IDEALIZED 'WORKER' AS HE APPEARS 

IN THE BOURGEOIS COMMUNIST'S MIND, BUT WHEN [SEE AN ACTUAL FLESH-AND-

BLOOL WORKER IN CONFLICT WITH IDS NATURAL ENEMY, THE POLICEMAN, I DO 

NOT HAVE TO ASK MYSELF WHICH SIDE [AM ON." 

was the new cry , 
of "Pigs OFF Campus" seemed 
to bring out the students. 

This fact becomes evident when 
you talk to students about the 
status ot the strike before the 
police came on campus. Without 
exception, and alter talking with 
a wide cross section of students, 
these people said that the &trike 
was hardly noticed, that it was ' 
supported just to stay out of 
ciass lather th~n out of deep 
conviction, and that the sporadic 
violence and vandalism was ac-
tively condemned by the school 
paper and by the majority of 
strike supporters. 

These people don't deny that 
the campus was a tinderbox with 
many violent people around, but 
they believe, ad I do, that it 
was the presence of cops on 
campus that supplied the match. 
And once the fire was gOing, 
"Pigs OFF Campus' turned Into 
.. Kill the Pigs' as a resu It ofthe 
savage police attacks. 

Thus by the time I arrived lo 
Berkeley, the hatred was intense. 

GEORGE ORWELL, HOMAGE TO CATALONIA 

as 
term it. and yet not one bu IIding 
was vandallzed. 

The po lice action itse If was not 
oriented toward protecting build-
ings from rampaging mobs, but 
in si mply remaining on one corn-
er of the campus and sparring 
with the crowd. The police were 
in effect the leaders of the mob, 
controlling the whole conflict by 
their presence on campus and in-
fluencing the movements of the 
crowd by their loept efforts to 
handle it. 

On the subject of crowd ac-
tions, another telling blow to the 
Reagan anarchy argument was the 
conduct of the students on Tele-
graph Avenue. Contrary to the 
images which are associated with 
the words "mob" and "riot' , 
the stores on Telegraph were 
neither broken into nor did they 
have their windows broken. On 
the whole st reet, a street which 
at times was completely con-
trolled by the students, I saw 
only one broken window and a few 
trash barricades. 

were 
bottles, and [ am afraid that in 
a frenzy a solitary policeman 
could have been killed. The ac-
tion disgusted me; it stilI does, 
but [ can't help thinking that 
without the cops it wouldn't have 
happened. 

Those cops were put in that 
position by Reagan and his wit-
less proclamation, yet I am sure 
that most of those cops would 
rather have been issuing jay-
walking tickets rather than having 
bottles thrown at them. I know 
from personal conversations that 
some of the cops enyoy "beatlog 
creeps" and stoutly believe that 
it should be done, but that Is 
social altitude problem which 
may not be as critical as giving 
them the opportunity to do so, 
which Reagan did. 

Turning from the specHics 
surrounding Berkeley to the 
proble m of violent confrontations 
in the national level, I would 
like to make more general com-
ments. First it seems to me that 
the present situation at Berkeley 

is related to the summer riots 
in Chicago, the Impasse at San 
Francisco state and a similar 
group of trouble spots where 
dissent has run up against un-
budging authority. While admit-
tedly these protests had elements 
of violence in them, differing 
from case to case, it remains 
apparent that the ensuing conflict 
which occurred was heightenedby 
the unreasoning use of civil au-
thority. 

[ hope that In the case of 
I:lerkeley my previous comments 
have demonstrated the negative 
power of "peace" officers. As 
to Chicago, the case against 
Daley and his fear-ridden, over-
reacting machine is still being 
demonstrated each time he holds 
a news conference. The police 
who roamed at wUl over Chicago 
during that terrible week are still 
roaming, ana wlln nardly a word 
of criticism from Daley or the 
city. 

Just as Berkeley cops enforced 
a petty ordinance to keep Sather 
Gate open, thus touching off a 
me lee with the students, the Chi-
cago administration refused to 
break an ordlnance concerning 
sleeping in the parks and spent 
several nights battling demon-
strator s in the s treets atter they 
had pushed them out ofthe parks. 

In San Francisco, S. I. Haya-
kawa's desire to keep a crippled 
school hobbling along by the use 
of cops, in spite of a success-
ful student strike, led to rocks, 
bottles, arrests, and conflicts. 
One could go on and talk about 
the disruptions back East, but I 
think the pattern is clear and the 
conclusions are damaging to 
many civic officials. 

One also notices that when such 
a conflict takes place, the op-
posing sides are radicalized and 
the violent micro-minority, on 
both sides, plant bombs and 
beat people who have been ar-
rested. And it is the micro-
minority who become the ob-
jects of intense and otten un-
reasoning hatred, hatred which 
creates the stokley Carmicheals 
and the Ronald Reagans. 

The next most obvious ques-
tion concerns the outlook for 
the future, and it is on this sub-
ject that I am extremely pessi-
mistic. It is disgusting to see 
people like Reagan basing their 
actions on a rancid misture of 
police reports and political con-
siderations, and yet this is pre-
cisely what is going on. 

lt is further discouraging to 
see the public ignore acts of 
brutality by the police while con-
tinuing to talk of .. student un-
rest" and "campus turmoil" . 
The aftermath of Chicago is a 
prime example, and yet the Re-
gents themselves debated anti-
student resolutions while not ut-
tering one word of discussion 
concerning the brutal police beat· 
ings In the basement of Sproul 
Hall. Law enforcement in this 
country Is considered by the ma-
jority of cltlzens to be some sort 
of absolute constant, 

the point around which the 
whole universe rotates . Plainly 
it Is no suc h thing, but one would 
find this hard to believe if the 
gospel of Reagan, Rafferty, and 
Daley were listened to. 

As to the Berkeleys of tomor-
row, you may be certain that 
they will come. Student revolt 
against outdated curricula and 
unresponsive administrations 
wlll continue and become more 
widespread. The Reagans and the 
Daleys will continue to "solve" 
proble ms with nightsticks and 
build for the future with the anU-
rioting laws of today. The cops 
and the demonstrators and the 
tear gas wlll swirl in the streets; 
all of them actors in the endless 
tragedy titled .. Law and Order." 

March 7, 1969 Page 5 

YAF··"We Will No Longer Be Ignored" 
(Editor's note: 

Recently a local chapter of 
Young Americans for Freedom 
was formed on the UCSD cam-
pus. Many UCSD students may 
never have heard of YAF or, at 
best, have a mistaken notion of 
its objectives and the people 
associated with it. 

Since its conception in 1960 
it has been active In supporting 
causes which generally fall under 
the very nebulous heading of 
"conservative" • 

To define more precisely the 
goals of this organization and its 
campus affiliate, we are pub-
lishing the following interview 
with Mrs. Teona Sidney, the 
chairman of the UCSD- YAF 
group. 

Teona, age 24, is a Senior 
Literature major at Muir Col-
lege. She is a transfer student 
who attended college for two 
years in the midwest from 1962-
1964 before quitting to study 
literature, hi story and philoso-
phy on her own. She moved to 
San Diego from Los Angeles 
specifically to attend UCSD be-
cause of its reputed high level 
of academic exce llence.) 

(TT): "What is the purpose 
of YAF ?" 

(Sidney): "The purpose of the 
national organization is to work 
for the establishment of a govern-
ment in the U.S. In which in-
dividual freedom would be pro-
tected by just law. This is 
explained in more detail in YAF's 
Sharon statement, one of the 
provisions of which is that the 
purpose of government is to pro-
tect individual freedom through 
the preservation of Internal or-
de r, the provision of national 
defense, and the administration 

of justlce." 
(TT): "Why do you think YAF 

is necessary on this campus?" 
(Sidney}. "Both of the cam-

pus newspapers, the student po-
lltical bodies, and many of the 
professors in the humanities and 
social sciences are in sympathy 
with the campus dissidents, and 
students who presently wish to 
voice an opposition are scattered 
and disorganized. Through YAF 
we plan to provide a basic philo-
sophical alternative to New Left 
Dogma, as well as an active op-
position to some of their tactical 
maneuvers." 

(TT): "What do you mean by 
'active opposition'?" 

(Sidney): "There are innum-
erable "activist" tactics which 

. do not involve violating la ws and/ 
or individual rights. We plan to 
use any tactics, within these 
limits which become necessary." 

(TT): "Why did you choose to 
associate with YAF instead of 
organizing a group singular to 
this campus ?" 

(Sidney): "Since it is a na-
tional organization we have con-
tact with students of similar 
views on other campuses across 
the country. That way we are 
able to benefit by their exper-
iences and vice versa. I would 
like to stress, however, that we 
are essentially an autonomous 
group and are not necessarily in 
agreement with positions taken 
by, or statements made by, other 
YAF groups ." 

(TT): "How long have you 
been associated with YAF?' 

(Sidney):: "[ heard of YAF 
for the first time four years 
ago ant! up until recently [thought 
it was an 6ffbeat group of John 
Bircher type reactionaries. 

Three weeks ago I met some 

members of YAF and was much 
impressed by them, intellectually 
and philosophically. Upon further 
investigation I found YAF to be 
taking action that was effective 
and with which I could substan-
tlallyagree. 

My basic agreement with YAF 
Is essentially (In opposition to 
various collectivist positions) 
that man is a being possesslog 
free will, that the function of 
government is to protect his 
freedom against the Initiation of 
force from any source, and that, 
in order to perform this function 
government must be separate 
from economics . Obviously, YAF 
is one of tbe few groups in basic 
opposition to the New Left." 

(TT}. "Why did you accept 
the local chairmanship?" 

(Sidney): "Let me state fir st 
of all that [ am basically not a 
political activist. [ am a serious 
student of literature and I plan 
to go into university teaching 
and literary criticism. 

Up until this year I have never 
been Involved in student politics, 
but I couldn't, with a clear con-
science, just sit and study and 
watch things going towards mob 
rule by brute force in an insti-
tutuion supposedly devoted to the 
development of men's intellect." 

(TT): " What is your opinion 
of s tudent discontent and riots?" 

(Sidney): "The discontent I 
sympathize with, but I think that 
the riots are the result of the 
manipulation of students by cer-
tain interest groups who use the 
students' legitimate complaints 
as a means of furthering their 
group's particular ends. 

An example at San Diego State 
is the very real problem of 
overcrowding, which has been 
used by SDS and other militant 

Should you drink beer 
I straight from the bottle? I 
i 
i 
I 

If you're on a blanket party 
or something, carrying along a 
glass is pretty clumsy . But 
when it's convenient, we think 
it's a shame not to use one . 
Keeping Budweiser 
inside the bottle or 
can is missing half 
the fun. 

Those tiny bubbles 
getting organized at the 
top of your glass have a lot 
to do with taste and aroma. 
Most beers have carbonation 
pumped in mechanically. Not 
Budweiser. We go to a barrel 

of trouble and expense to let 
Budweiser create its own bub-
bles with the natural carbona-
tion of Beechwood Ageing. So 
you really can't blame us for 
wanting you to get it at its 

best, can you? 
Just for fun, pour your 

next four or five bot-
tles of Bud into a 

glass. If you don't 
1IIIIIII"~~rii agree that the extra 

taste, clarity and 
aroma make a big difference, 
go back to the bottle. 

We won't say another word. 

Budweiser., is the King of Beers. 
(But you know that.) 

ANHEUSER.BUSCH. INC . • Sf, lOUIS. NEWARK. LOS ANCELES • TAMPA. HOUSTON. COlUMBUS 

groups as a means of gaining 
a more general student support 
for demands which have nothing 
to do with the original com-
plaint." 

(TT): "You indicated that 
students have legitimate griev-
ances. What do you think is the 
cause of those grievances?" 

(Sidney): "On the most funda-
mental level the problems have 
arisen because the function of 
the university as an institution 
for the dissemination of know-
ledge has not been recognized. 
Ins tead, the university has come 
to be looked upon as a social 
factory or maturing ground for 
adolescents of every age. 

Once the emphasis was shifted 
from learning to social develop-
ment the road was open for such 
grotesqueries as SDS' s claim 
that the university should be a 
"progressive social force" ac-
tive behind such things as a grape 
boycott. 

Let me make It clear that if 
anv individual students want to 
boycott grapes (or anything else) 

, that 's fine with me--l just don't 
think that it is a function of the 
university to take a stand on 
that or any other such issues. 

Ironically it is the same group 
that claims to want to get poli-
tics out of education that also 
wants a 'revolutionary univer-
sity' . " 

(TT): "Is it possible to keep 
politics out of the university?" 

(Sidney): "Yes, but in order 
to do so education must be com-
pletely privately financed. Once 
a university is built with the idea 
that some men will be forced, 
by means of taxes, to pay for 
the education of others, various 
groups will arise within the uni-
versity and the community to try 
to gain control of the loot. This 
is exactly what has happened." 

(TT): "How is it possible to 
minimize this problem in a pub-
lic institution?" 

(Sidney): "One way not to do 
it is to 'politically balance' de-
partments between Democrats 

and Republicans, and I want to 
divorce myself from all such 
proposals. 

I do think that a more effective 
means of minlmizlog polUical 
conflicts is for instructors and 
adminis trators alike to keep in 
view the purpose of the univer-
sity as an institution of learning 
and to keep their private political 
views out of the classroom as 
much as humanly possible. This 
would give the student a milch 
better chance to objectivelyap-
praise and evaluate material un-
der study. Obviously, this is not 
nearly as much of a problem in 
the natural sciences as it is in 
the humanities. 

But all students do have a 
contractual agreement with the 
university under which they sign 
up for certain courses-and the 
university has not kept up its 
side of the contract when pro-
fessors use class time to dis-
cuss matters extraneous to the 
announced content of those 
courses. I should think that any 
professor would feel constrained 
in the interest of his own integrity 
to avoid politicizing in the class-
room--but I have had two courses 
so far this year in which close 
to half the available class time 
was spent discussing political 
issues not at all related to the 
course." 

(TT): "What do you think 
YAF can do about these prob-
lems? " 

(Sidney): "First of all, our 
members are no longe r going to 
sit quietly by and let the New 
Left hold a monopoly on the 
voicing of discontent on this cam-
pus. SDS & Co. now have an ac-
tive competitor, whether they like 
that term or not. We will no 
longer let them get away with 
their ridiculous but dangerous 
demands for the further involve-
ment of the university in non-
academic affairs. We are here 
to learn and we will no longer 
be ignored." 

The racist, exploitative pig power structure and their pork chops, 
we mean the US organization and other provocateur agents sent into 
the Party (two informers have been caught and kicked out by the San 
Diego branch of the Black Panther Party) are bent on destroying the 
l!,cal leadership, the San Diego Black Panther Party central staff. 

This press conference is held to let the community know that bald-
headed US organization niggers, working with the F.B.I. and local pig 
forces, are staging some lying buUshit and some murderous activity, 
similar to what happened in L.A. to our Deputy Minister of D~fense, 
Al Prentice "Bunchy" Carter and John Huggins, our D~puty Minister 
of Information. Planting of rna rijuana in some responsible Black Panther 
Party members' homes and persons and lying at door fronts are 
present tactics. 

Arrests immediately follow such plants of marijuana. For what? 
They're done to try and draw the community away from the cor~ ~ct 
teachings of our Minister of Defense, Huey P. Newton, On the Correct 
Handling of a Revolution and other teachings that en~nde r the need 
for the Black Panther Party here in San Diego. Those whJ accuse thl! 
Black Panther Party of erroneous activity are the ones bent on des-
troying Its learlershlp. 

On the west coast, some 10 'neml}t' rs have !>een killed in the last 
year. And in defense of ou r Jives, some 8 pigs have been killed ac-
cording to information that has been received from reliable sou;ces. 

Any kind of indictments (grand jury or federal) that are planned 10 
try and make mass arrests and murders ot Panther m m rs is no 
more than the murder of Bobby Hutton a year ago and the murdpr of 
"Bunchy" and John Huggins in L.A. last month. Don't expect the Black 
Panther Party to say anr~hlng in publk about what we are going to do. 

What we're doing first is informing the commu,·ty what WI! all 
expect, that is, we aU must defend ourselves whl' <1 a'tacked by pigs 
and pork chop cultural nationalist niggers. The comrr IInity can stop 
the pig power structure and their pork chops by deDOl ncing them as 
atrOCiOUS, murderollS, greedy men, bent on exploiting t1e black com-
munity (that's Black Capitalism, what Karenga and the U:~ organization 
use). 

And capitalism put us in s la\ery, and It's got all other oppressed 
peoples in semi-slavery in this country, from th .. J~:::1t; ~nj ;,-· ... \..e:r .. , 
to the employed and massive unemployed black J)';!oples. The Black 
Panther Party says that we know the masses of th people aren't 
stupid like the pork chops and pig power structure thinks. 

LET'S DEFEND! LET'S STICK TOGETHER, WAGE A PEOPLE'S 
REVOL TJONARY STRUGGLE FOR TRUE FRE EDOM. POWER TO 
THE PEOPLE. 

.. 

Walter Wallace, Defense Captain 
San Diego Branch, Black Panther 
Party 



Visions of modern history seen through 

Eyes dull for lack of sparkle, 

Sparkle now dwelling 1n gut and 

war 

reason to the intuitive passion that makes a man 

Faces etched by -paradoxical symbiosis of love and hate 

"Hello" I said 
"How are you?" I heard 
"Fine" I said 
Just then my face stepped dm.rn to 
reveal the na~ed brain that lies behind. 
"FINE?" I heard, and footsteps that were 
leavin~ one the run, I heard 
My face was in the grass at mv feet. 
"Listen" I said "tfuat is the meaninp, of 
this?" 
It was queer, I admit, to see my face 
lieing in the grass there and smilin~ 
and talking. He spoke. 
"I am tired of this" I headd 
"Of what?" I said 
"This game" I heard him say 
"What game?" I said 
"You tell a lie and I have to cover it " 
t heard "You lie inside and 01111 the reins 

. and I am fnrced to dance a different tune" 
I was airaid ', without him to hide behind 
and I thought "I must win him back". 
"I will do what ever it is that you wantmme to " 
I said 
He only smiled at me lieing there in the ~rass 
"You are naked now, as I am." r heard 
"Yes" I said 
"You can't lie to me no~Y" I heard 
I could say nothing 
So I left him there in the pTas~ and f or 
two days and two long nights 
I lived without him 
I did return though, and he was asleeo 
and I touched him on the cheek and he woke 
and he said "OH It's YOl1" 
'1'1 -haVe learned what you meant" I s.'ljcl 
"I \.,i11 never lie, never" I said 
And he looked at me a long looktto see if 
I had lied and h could see I had not 
AndL! p said "t missed you in the mornin~ ,.,hen 
I shave8" 
And I heard him sa" "I missed vou too -' 
And he crawled hack across the hole h had 
left hy his leaving and reached his loop. 

fin~ers back aro~nd my brain and s~cured 
himself there. 

Pages by L. Bourtn 
C. Baer 



Page 8 March 7. 1969 

Soundings-Dissertations 
Dlssertatlon A: Don't furget 

gang, tonight the Iron Butterfly 
staggers its heavy way into the 
Sports Arena for a concert. 
They're a heavy head trip once. 
Twice I don't know. But the flick 
wUl be good. (BeatIes: Magical 
Mystery Tour) Beware of the 
hype. They'll dance you down the 
street. 

in that they are so much heav' 
live than that recording. Bu. 
10 out of the gathering gloom 
comes "Happy Trails. " It con-
sists of the Who Do You Love 
Suite, recorded live at the Fill-
more (East and West). This song 
is broken down into solos col-
lectively called. 

'Thieves Carnival' - Just a Lark 
Dissertation B: Saturday-Paul 

Butterfield, Taj Mahal, Sons of 
Champlain, Framework. With 
this line-up you can't lose. This 
dance-concert promises to be 
as good if not better than the 
Quicksilver concert here. At San 
Diego State. 

Tickets available at MC 250 
for three and a halt, or hit a 
state student for: the I.D. card 
and get it for two and a half. 

Dissertation [BCODF Who Do 
You Love?: What can you say 
about Quicksilver, as far as I'm 
concerned, they are the best to 
come out of the San francisco 
rock explosion, followed closely 
by Bantand Blues band, Sly and 
the family stone, the Dead, and 
the Airplane, They are all musi- ' 
cally excellent, but Quicksilver is 
the best. 

Musically, they are by far the 
best rock group in America today. 
Gary Duncan and John Cipollina 
represent, individually the fan-
tastic coming together of rock-
blues and jazz. The music flows 
around and buries you like water. 
The word heavy has been over-
used but this is the only expres-
sion that [ can think of to cover 
it all. 

Quicksilver's first album wasa 
bit of a disappointment forme, 

These are, respectively, by 
Duncan, the band and the Fill-
more audience, Cipollina, David 
Freiburg (bass) and return of the 
original song. Duncan's soio is an 
easy going jazzy thing. The audi-
ence thing is clapping, which is 
constantly crossing tracks. It is 
intermingled byCippollina freak-
ing around with his mike stand. 

This is abruptly ended by his 
laying down one of the loudest, 
heaviest, solos I've heard on 
record. When you're there it's 
twice as loud and much better. 
It helps to see these cats live 
to really dig it. freiburg's solo 
is good, as bass solos go, but 
it should have been a little long-
er and substantial. The ending is 
a combination of all the above. 

Side two leads orr with a live 
version of Mona, a song with a 
long recording history. Compari-
sons are odious, but I prefer 
this over the stones. This leads 
into a description of Mona, musi-
cally, in Maiden of the Cancer 
Moon which is a base for an 
extended trip by Cipollina, who in 
my opinion, for what it's worth, 
is as good as anybody around. 

- 1-./ ' . { e. -. 

By Larry Johnson 
There is a new thing happening 

in San Diego. San Diego Art-
ists Inc., a talented Local group 
of veteran semi-professional 
actors, is working to make a 
different dimension in theater 
available to San Diegans. 

At the Circle Arts Theater, 
CLaire mont Mesa Blvd and 395, 
they play theater in the round. 
They range over a wide variety 
of modern and semi-modern 
plays -- of the last 5'0 years 
or so -- and within that range 
they provide a broad spec-
trum of theater, from the froth-
iest of light comedy to the most 
thought provoking or serious 
drama. This is a non-profit 
effort dedicated to good theater 
in San Diego. 

This writer attended the open-
ing night of Jean Anouilh's 
"Thieves Carnival," playing 
Thursdays through Sundays until 
March 16, at 8:30 p.m. Trans-
lated from the French, the play 
itself is just a "cream puff": 
no great message, just a lark. 
Lacking the usual French cyni-
cism, it quite resembles the 
British comedy of manners of 
the turn of the century although 
its absurd plot serves, quite 
intentionally, as a superb satire 
oC that genre. 

Romeo and Juliet? The tone of this pastel con-fection was deftly set in the first act with the antics of the trio 
of comically futile thieves, an 
"orchestra' of one clarinet, and 
a charming little dance by Robin 
Bullock, who played a nursemaid 
in a Carnation Ice Cream Par-
lor type outfit. 

It Is springtime in mid-fifteen-
th century Verona and the bitter 
rivalry between the Houses of 
Montague and Capulet has reach-
ed a most vicious climax, en-
trapping two star-cross'd lovers 
in an ill-fated passion. 

We have become a part of Fran-
co Zeffirelll' s lyrically beautiful 
film of Shakespere' s ' 'Romeo and 
Juliet" and are astounded that in 
two years dominated a slick, so-
phisticated genre of film, Zeffi-
relli's classic productions of 
"Taming of the Shrew" and now 
of "Romeo and Juliet" must rate 
among a handful of the finest 
works of those years. 

The rest of the acting including 
Milo O'Shea as friar Lawrence 
and Michael York as arrogant 
Tybalt crackles with gusto, and 
the sword-play and street-fights 
have a frightening, slashing real-
ity to them. 

The sumptuous interiors, stun-
ning costumes by Danilo Donati, 
and close-ups 01 Renaissance 
face s are art worthy or museums. 

The touching tragedy is further 
enhanced by Nino Rota's beautiful 
musical score. 

"Romeo and Juliet" is now 
pLaying at the College Theatre, 
E I Cajon Boulevard. 

A leading character, Lady 
Hurf, a bored wordly-wise , mid-
dle-aged dowager out to stir up 
a fu ss through clever manipul-
ation, was magnificently played 
by Mary Cobb, a promising new 
character actress. We were 
thoroughly absorbed. She even 
had the gestures and mannerisms 
of a dignified middle age so well 
mastered that we never guessed 
she was a young woman. 

The Italian director's succes: I~ 
is doubly amazing when one con-
siders that he has departed radi-
cally from convention, retaining 
barely half of the Bard's original 
verses and casting teenagers in 
the leading roles. 

Purists are bound to claim that 
the flowing majesty ofShakespere 
has been destroyed, and that in 
order for so lemn tragedy to tear 
at the heart, the two lovers must 
be acted by professional MuIts. 
Both objections are unqua li(ied. 
Zeffirelli has taken a sct.olarly 
poetic work and infused . t with 
life, vigor, color, and cre 1 nce. 
The full flavor of fifteentl cen-
tury Verona is dazzlingl ~' pre-
sent. The brilliant stroke ( f cas-
t:ng extraordinarily hands< ,rne 17 
year-old Leonard Whiting lS Ro-
meo, and delicious 15 ye u-old 
Olivia Hussey as Juliet ac l!eves 
an authenticity, vitality, aml poig-
nance that no middle-age actor 
could project. 

They are superbly good and the 
scenes of their meeting at a mas-
ked ball and in Juliet's garden 
are at once charming and unut-
terably moving. They convey 
quite lyricall y the innocence and 
idealism of young passions. 

Remarkably, the too-familiar, 
overquoted lines arrive as if we 
were hearing them for the first 
time. 

No matter 
, how y ou get here ••• 
we're close by! . 
Keep your money where it·s sale •• , easy to get to and use . , . With e 
checking account and savings account at San Diego's oldest and 
largest local bank. We lend money, too .•• for almost eny worthwhile 
purpose. (Our auto loan rates are especially low.) So. ,. scoot by 
todayl South.ern California First National is the only bank in La Jolla 
Shores. Our friendly staff Is especially trained to serve college men 
and women. 

Southern 
CALIFORNIA FIRST 
National Bank 

LA JOLLA SHORES OFFICE 

FEATURING: 
Unchargeable 

Checking Account 
4.5 Auto Loans 
Money Minder 

2256 A"enida de la Playa/La Jolle, California I2O:.IS 
Phone: 294-4440 Walter G. Robertson, tMneper 

Lady Hurrs husband, tilt 
rather vague and stuffy Lord 
Edgard, was played by the ver-
satile John Ellsworth whose cap-
abilities extend to a wide var-
iety or roles. 

Welton Jones. tbe' "San Diego 
Union" critic, who usually knows 
better, unaccountably failed en-
tirely to recognize the merit of 
either of their performances, 
dismissing the former as "val-
iant" and the latter as "mis-
directed" (he wasn't). Jones re-
served his sole praise for Vir-
ginta Banta, portraying the 
elder sister, the ennui-infiicted 
siren so common (I should say 
inevitable) in that genre. She 
did quite a compet!!nt job, but 
did not far outshine the others. 

The Dupont-Duforts, rather 
silly fortune hunters played by 
Charles Knowlton and Bill De-

Young, were amusing, although 
improvement would have been 
possible. De Young did a part-
icularly good job. 

John Schak as the master thief, 
Leslie Cozzens as the lady kfll-
er thief, and Larry Golden as 
the apprentice thief and romantic 
lead, were consistently enter-
taining. They were rather more 
than adequate, save Cozzens 
tended to underproject. 

Theater in the rouna nas its 
dra wbacks, at least in this writ-
er's opinion, and the play may 
seem too much like cotton can-
dy -- insubstantial and perhaps 
too sweet -- but one looking for 
a'-llght-hearted way to spend an 
evening, one could do far worse 
than attend "Thieves Carnival" 
at the Circle Arts Theater. With 
aU, it has the virtue of being 
entertaining. 

Playtex·invents the first-day tampon™ 
(We took the inside out 
to show you how different it is.) 
Outside: it's softer and silky (not cardboardy). 
Inside: it's so extra absorbent .. , it even protects on 
your first day. Your wor t day! . 

In every lab test against the old cardboardy kind ... 
the Playtex tampon was always more absorben t. 
Actually 45 % more ab orbent on the average 
than the leading regular tampon. 

Because it's different. Actually adjusts to you. 
It flowers out. Fluffs out. De igned to protect every 
inside inch of you. So the chance of a mishap 
is almost zerol ... 
Try it fast. J 
Why live in the past? ~ ~r)(i;(liIs 4»G 

March 7, 1969 Page 9 

More Letters 

- . 

... , 

. . 

Dear Editor, 
The following is a letter I 

wrote to the Film Series Com-
mittee and I would appreCiate 
either a comment from you or 
the printing of this letter in the 
next Triton Times: 

I attended your shOwing of the 
Brakhage and Bunuel films to-
night and have appreCiated your 
efforts to show worthwhile films 
on campus. However I wish to 
report a very unpleasant incident 
which occurred during the Brak-
hage film shOWing, namely the 
continuous disturbances and juv-
enUle behaviour of a large and 
scatte red part of the audience who 
felt they had to put down the 
film during 3/4 of the showing. 

I admit that I did nothing at 
the time to protest or stop the 
noise and perhap . 1 -;hould have. 
Howevel', I was faced with the 

decision to either continue con-
centrating on the film by ignor-
ing the tyrannical judgment sub-
jected on me or letting out my 
anger by saying something. But 
to whom ? It wasn't just a hand-
ful of people but a large part 
of the audience creating the 
scene. Obviously they should 
have gotten up and left us alone! 

It l" ;o::I'Y depreSSing to me 
that this kind of mentality exists 
even at the university le\el. I 
hope you can make some kind 
of statement which will be heard 
by these people and prevent this 
kind of asinine scene from hap-
pening again at further film show-
ings. 

Betty Wong 
Graduate, MUsic 

Department 

continued from pa~e 3 
dent to anyone who compares the Union with even as establlshment-
orientated a paper as the LA Times. Invariably articles that the Union 
gives front page coverage to will be found burled in the back pages of 
the Times, if at all. 

In any event, the Evening Tribune will probably find themselves a 
columnist trom UCSD, maybe with a little help from their friends. 
Perhaps my successor will be able to dig up enough of the niceties 
of college life to satisfy Copley, like , for instance, the passage of a 
resolution advocating the removal of speed bumps on campus, which 
one of my colleagues in the Campus Corner reported; or, there was 
also the water fight between the freshmen and the upperclassmen -_ 
now there's real controversy for you. 

But of course you and I know that that's not really where it's at 
on campus these days. Maybe It was back in the good 01' days; it's 
surely the way Copley wishes it still was -- goldfish swallowing Greeks 
don't make revolutions. The Trlb had better realize that if they are 
to have a column that suits their fancy, then they had better find someone 
who is a) stupid, b) naive, or c) quite aware of the method by which 
Copley willingly twists the news to fit his world-image. But as far 
as this reporter goes, I will continue to report, in the words of Dr. 
Marcuse, "the truth, even if it is not in harmony with certain vested 
interests." 

. I DB Supports Youth I '-------- by John T)emirjian - _____ ..J 

1 

On March 3, 1909, another young people. 
in a series of coordination meet- Many inciaents of pollce haras-
ings was held at the In-Between sment were emphasized. Among 
in Ocean Beach. Attending the the more prevalent were the en-
meeting were members ofthe San forcing of menial laws (I.e., rid-
Diego Free Press, Dale H9r- ing a bicycle without a license, 
schier of the Teaspoon Door, lOitering, blocking a public side-
Ann Dosure of the In-Between, walk) where the violators were 
the Triton Times, and John Hi!- taken either to Juvenile Hall or 
lier representing the in-Between to the City Jail, unnecessary 
Newspaper. harassment that more times than 

The purpose of the meetings not irritates and disturbs too 
are to ease the existing tension many people, and the policy of 
between members ot movement creating and promoting additional 
and reform and those belonging alienation between the police and 
to the establishment, to have the youth by shifting policemen 
something to Identify with, and to t 
bring into the light of dlscussio;)' eve ry fE;W man hs. 
problems that confront the hip The San Otego Free Press sug-
people of Ocean Beach and of gested that perhaps there should 
San Diego. be a "monitor" to keep a check 

In this meeting unnecessary on the fldellty of the community. 
police harassment of youth in But then pointed out that actions 
Ocean Beach was the topic. The and talks along this line always 
discussion travelled through a seem to fizzle because no one 
series of thoughts, beginning with will take any responsibility. 
comments on the Ocean Beach John Hillier discussed the In-
Town Councll. The only in- Between Newspaper, the Hinky-
fluenUal members of the council Dinky Report. The purpose of 
are "respected" members of the the paper is "to communicate 
established community. to the membfrs (OB youth) of 

These people are far past the the Inbetween. " John said that 
age of 21 and otten alienated even though the report isn't any-
from the young people of OB. thing more than a dittoed sheet, 
Even though there exist a Junior many people that frequent the 
Town Councn, the youth have In-Between do read It to "find 
hardly any way of exerting in- out what's happening and get in-
fluence on the formal council volved." 
since they have no vote. (Age 
21 is necessary for the prlviledge 
of voting.) 

It was noted that Jeanette Page 
Cummins is a prominent estab-
liShment agitator who "runs 
Ocean Beach, and is a constant 
threat to the movement people." 
The discussion Journeyed next 
to criticism of the San Diego 
Police Department. It was thought 
and pointed out that OB Town 
Council strongly 1nfluences SDPD 
who in turn put pressure on the 

The conclusive theme ot the 
meeting was that the youth of 
Ocean Beach have a right to be 
in Ocean Beach, to wear what 
they wanl and look what they 
want to look like without be log 
unduely criticized by members 
of the "straight" comm'Jnlty. 
There should be no discrimina-
tion shown toward the youth, and 
immedlatf! steps must betaken to 
alleviate the tensions existing 
in the OB communIty. 

Dear Dean Murphy: 

In response to your request 
for comments from members of 
the UCSD community in regard 
to the student-Marine confront-
ation on Friday, february 21, 
1969, I wish to state my en-
dorsement of your actions in 
that confrontation. 

My endorsement is based on 
two grounds, those of principle, 
and thos of tactics. Firstly, 
it is quite clear to me that 
the principle of free speech guar-
antees the right to advocate re-
pugnant Ideas (imperialism, mil-
itarism, raCism, etc.), as well 
as those ideas which we ap-
plaud. In the statements in 
the Indicator (Feb. 26), it ap-
peared that Capt. stout preter-
red to describe his activity as 
dissemination of information 
rather than cc recriutment. II 

While Capt. Stout is entitled 
to bis preference, this distinc-
tion is beside the point. Em-
ployment publicity on a college 
campus is designed to inform 
prospective applicants of the 
"opportunities" available, and to 
persuade them of the desirabil-
ity of a particular career. Whe-
ther one speaks to "inform" or 
to "persuade" , the right to 
this speech must be protected. 

Prof. Lettau, in a television 
interview (KOGO, Feb. 25), in-
dicated that there were other 
organizations which he felt also 
should not be allowed to re-
cruit on campus, and implied that 
no organizations should be al-
lowed to recruit on campus. With 
the latter position I will not ar-
gue. This is one valid point 
of view. 

Either the campus should be 
open to all for recruitment, or it 
should be closed to all. (A 
compromise solution might be for 

"H ..1-t ~H. 
LTl). 

f r e.,se nt.s 

employment interviewers to be 
invited Individually by student 
request only.) 

Secondly, with regard to tac-
tics, it appears that without your 
efforts, the s tudents involved 
could not have had a success-
fully completed act of civil dis-
obedience. From the newspaper 
account (Indicator), it appears 
that some of the faculty members 
tried to persuade Capt. stout 
to leave the campus without try-
ing to enter the Placement Of-
fice. Either these faculty mem-
bers do not understand what con-
stitutes civil disobedience and 
what distinguishes it from peace-
ful protest, or they do not have 
very much confidence in the a-
bility of UCSD students to an-
alyze the situation and adequat-
ely deal with it. (Neither did 
the Navy representative appear 
to understand the situation, as 
he left without a confrontation, 
thus begging the question). 

The students involved appar-
ently did act within the formal 
structure of civil disobedience. 
I find no fault with the stu-
dents ' action as an act of civil 
disobedience. However, it is 
debatable whether or not peace-
ful protest would have been pre-
ferable to civil disobedience in 
thi!' instance. Acts of civil dis-
obedience are performed tu ach-
ieve the right to perform that 
act again. (e.g. to eat in the 
restaurant of one's choice.) 

Acts a peaceful protest are 
performed to persuade others to 
change their actions. In this 
case I think It is clearly not the 
intent of the students to gain the 
right to prevent whomever they 
wish from speaking by physic-
ally obstructing their access to 
the campus. 

It is, I believe, their intent 
to persuade the administration to 

prevent the speaking of certain 
persons and groups on campus 
by regulation and rule of law. 

Petitions are circulating on 
campus requesting that the ad-
ministration take no action with 
respect to the students and Prot. 
Lettau. I have not, and will not 
sign such a petition because [ 
believe their action should net 
go unrecognized. Although [ 
am very critical of the choice of 
civil uisobedience in this ap-
plication, I feel this incident was 
a valid attempt on the part of 
concerned students to become in-
volved in the decision-making 
process in this community_ 

I therefore feel that any ad-
ministrative action resulting 
from the confrontation should 
ha ve the ultimate aim of en-
gendering critical analysis olthe 
applications of tactics of social 
protest, and of determining 
through a democratic process the 
consensus at the university com-
munity with the current open 
pollcy of employment recruit-
ment on campus. 

I would propose that the stu-
dents and Prot. Lettau be dir-
ected to J,Je rform the labor of 
organizing and conducting an open 
forum for debate by any and all 
students and faculty members 
who wish to speak, and sub-
sequently deter'mlne university 
employment recruitment policy 
by student referendum. 

What may be currently re-
garded by the Copley press as 
the beginning oC " student agi-
tation" at UCSD, can turn out 
to be the fir st successful ef-
fort s of UCSD studeuts to im-
prove the life of the community. 

stephen W. Phillips 
Undergraduate . ~tnlnvv 

ells 



Pa~e 10 t March 7, 1969 
, 

AS Seijate Notes KSDT EXPOSES ITSELF I • 
hy Albert Elzas 

The meeting opened with Tom Shepard's report that the Academic 
Senate has voted, on a trial basi~, to allow a representative from li:3 
AS Senate to participate, without voting privileges, in certain com-
mittees. 

Shepard asked steve Ishmael, Paul Ricks, and Greg Harm to prepare 
for the next meeting a by-law to recruit student representatives to the 
Academic Senate. 

by Don Bri~ht 
Students have heard the name 

KSDT for well over a year now, 
but unfortunately for most, only 
in name and not over the air. 
Well over 50% of KSDT's pot-
ential audience has never heard 
even a static-engulfed note on 
a radio. I am, of course, speak-
ing of Revelle dorm students. 

Also included in the President's Report was a statement that the 
Regents were considering certain constitutional and r ule changes. 
"Given the political climate," any change could easily be harmful, 
said Shepard. Believe me, KSDT does not 

enjoy giving Revelle the radio 
"sllence treatment', What me-

The ever-struggling Auxiliary Enterprises is trying to initiate a dia enjoys a s mall audience, esp-
study for the financial feasibility of expanding the food service. ecially when they know they can 

Greg Harm's closed recrult.~ent ~otion., introdu~ed last week, was at least double the audience they 
voted down, though the possibility still eXlsts that It may be relntro- have? 
duced next week. A 45 minute debate followed the motion's introduction, So why can't you hear us? 

************** 

'lIld was finally ended with a substitute motion introduced by Jon I Why after a year of on-paper 
Collins. That .motion requested a policy statement .from the Career existence hasn't KSDT fulfilled 
Plac;m.ent Office a.long ~lth a member f.rom that office ana the ACLU its respons ibility in making its 
to aid In further dlSCUSSLOn of the queshon at next Monday's meeting. sounds available to every stu-

Dr. Goodkind stated that Harm's motion was "ill-considered," and Ident on campus? In one sent-
that the recr~itment was '.'a ~ervice for students": He went o.n to ence I'll answer that by stat-
say that the rIghts of the ~morlty of students requeshng the se rVlces ing that we don't have a decent 
of the Career Placement Office should be upheld: transmitter system on Revelle. 

Collins stated, as he introduced his substitute, that recruitment In 100 sentences I'll answer that 
should be openea completely rather than closed. by stating why and what we're 

************** 
Shepard immediately vetoed the Collins motion, only to withdraw 

it atter the Senate agreed to "seriously consider" a referendum on the 
matter. 

An outside business subsidation was made to the Unicorn Theatre, 
giving them 50 dollars so that the movie "The Battle of Algiers" 
could be seen at a reasonable rate by UCSD students. The question 
came up as to whether this reduction in the price would actually 
stimulate students to see the movie. 

A Berkeley Strike motion and an "Ombudsman" motion were both 
tabled until next meeting. Jeff Benjaroln requested his fellow-senators 
to observe the trash s ituation on the campus and possibly suggest ways 
at the next meeting of combatting litter. 

The senate unanimously agreed to hear a motion by Steve Green-
berg. Using the allocation the Unicorn Theatre as a precedent, he 
moved to allocate $135 for a rooter 's bus to Wednesday's basketball 
game. Since the team did not win Montlay night, the mO:ley ha& re-
turned to the AS treasury. . 

************ 

Son Diego State Presents 

A Gathering of People 

featu rin 9 

doing about it. 
Exactly one year ago, KSDT 

was about to begin work on 
its complicated transmission 
system when Dave Garen, Chief 
Engineer; became Station Man-
ager because of the unexpected 
loss of the original manager. 
This left the vitally Important 
job of Chief Enginee r vacant at 
the time when it was the most 
important post for the station. 
Geren and another electronics-
minded students managed to sup-
erfiCially set up, but not test, 
the transmission system. 

At this timc it should be pointed 
out that the closed-circuit type 
of system KSDT uses, known 
as carrier currenttransmission, 
is not a 100% proven system. 

Paul Butterfield Blues B d \ Paul Butterfield describes his a n music as "the blues overstated." The phrasemakers call it "sound 
and soul -- where folk, blues, 

Sons of Choplin 

Toj Mahol -1 
Framework 

I 
rock al)d jazz unite." To a cult 

M . .- of followers, his music is based 
,."rnr'... on the harsh, brutal and stri-

dent sounds of the Chicago blues. 

li gh ' s By II Spnrk Naked" 
DANCING * FREl FOOD * TRADE FAIR k FIL~S 
Saturday, March I P eterson Gym, Son Diego State 

Tickets: 
A. S. Offi ;e - Cllifornia Western 
Soundsville - 4639 : College Ave . 
Sebu - Mission Volley Center 
The Odyssey - 2223 Bacon, Ocean 
Aztec Cen ter - Son Di ego State 
A. S. Office - U.C.S .D. 

Beach 

Produced By Hedgecock-P iering Ltd . of Son Francisco 

Sons of Champlin, a feature of 
last year's Del Mar Equinox pop 
festival, is a seven-man rock 
band. San Francisco critics 
have termed them "the next 
generation band. II 

Taj Mahal, backed by a 3-
piece boogie band has just com-
pleted a national concert tour 
with the Rolling Stones. His 
group played in the 1968 Newport 

I 
Folk Festive and last year's Del 
Mar Festival. 

The Framework is a three-
man, local rock group including 
guitar , bass and drum. 

The Del Mar Sound System will 
be used at the concert. 

There is very uttle commer-
cial information available, and we 
had to rely on information ga-
thered from othel' carrier cur-
rent college stations. 

Well, it seems that there are 
so many variables Involved with 
carrier current (I.e., type and 
size of building, type of power 
system, distance between build-
ings, etc.) that it was necessary 
to design, construct and install 
our own system. This meant 
that much of the time spent by 
engineering would be for test-
ing and adjusting the system. 
Because KSDT had no engineer, 
it had no testing and therefore 
a doubtful means of transmission. 

By last fall it was apparent 
that the Matlliew& Campus Rec 
Center, where our studios were 
to be located, would not be com-
pleted until the second quarter, 
so KSDT attempted a poor job 
of setting up a temporary stu-
dio. However, no matter how 
unsophisticated it was, it gave 
the station the chance to un-
earth its major problems. The 
first quarter, Fall '68, became 
KSDT's testing period. It was 
found, besides the unworkable 
Revelle transmission system, that 
the electronics in the studio also 
needed a great deal of work. 

Manager-Engineer Geren de-
cided to work on the s tudio. 
Steve Clark, Program Director, 
realized that Geren could not 
take on the burden of Manager 
and Studio Electrician, and man-
aged to r ound up an interested 
fre shman, Gary Evans, to help 
Geren with engineering. 

Soon after Evans took the job, 
he realized that much more work 
was needed on the transmi ssion 
system than he had been led to 
believe. This began the fir st 
(and hopefully the last) inter-
nal conflict at the station. Geren 
felt that the system needed a 
few adjustments and additions. 
Evans felt that the entire system 
had to be reworked. 

However, Evans did not have 
the knowledge of carrier current 
to redo the system, so he .agreed 
to try the adjustmcnts that Geren 
indicated were needed. This took 
some time and by the time it 
was ready for testing, we had 
moved into the new studios. The 
transmission system failed mis-
erably again. By this time the 
Manager-Engineer conflict was 
at Its height and the general 
organization and management ot 
the station was virtually non-
existent due to the conflict. It 

had become every man for him-
self. 

Evans then decided he knew 
enough about carrier current to 
tryout his ideas. A t this point 
in time, last February, Geren 
resigned and [ was made Man-
ager. Evans began work on 
the transmission system in the 
absence at any connict with 
Geren, and I began work on the 
restructuring of the station, to 
reduce the chances of conflicts 
arising again, 

Evans is constructing and test-
ing new high-power amplifiers 
which, he is confident, will ex-
tend KSDT to all of Revelle (in-
cluding you on Argo 6). He 
Is not going to go on the air at 
Revelle, though, until everything 
is perfect, and it should be atter 
the Spring Break, 

In the organization department, 
the station now is run by 4 
equally - powerful executives, 
each with his own clear-cut area 
of responsibility and authority. 
The Manager is no longer res-
ponsible for the overall operation 
of the station. Each executive 
has his own budget, his own 
staff, and his own job. 

It is therefore up to each exe-
cutive to completely manage his 
enUre operation. These exec-
utives are: Marlager, Public 
Affairs Director, Music Dir-
ector, and Chief Engineer. 

It is a 24-hour-a-day media, 
requiring 24·hour-a-day staffing 
and the same in responsibiHty. 
There Is not any rest in radio, 
from DJ 's to executives. We 
must keep the station on the 
air all day plus mal<e sure we 
are playing worthwhile material. 
No Cour people can do that much. 
Everyone must contribute so the 
widest range of information can 
be heard. 

KSDT is now planning to go 
Stereo FM as soon as possible. 
This means that this station will 
effect the entire San Diego com-
munity. That responsibility is 
staggering, and we mu st decide 
how students can effectively op-
erate a community radio sta-
tion. 

And this community won't make 
the task easy. This station can 
be an exciting new voice in San 
Diego and will be one of the 
largest projects ever undertaken 
by students. 

But it must be truly UCSD's 
student radio station and it starts 
right he re with our "little" car-
rier current station. 

GRADUATING 
SENIORS 

Many of the "Fortune 500" 
companies are using our se rvices 
to recruit high-calibre, people-
orientated graduates. You are 
invited to call or visit us to 
explore Jitetlme career op-
portunities in sales and mar-
keting. 

(100% EMPLOYER PAID FEES) 

SUMMIT AGENCY 
707 Broadwa, 

5th floor Home Tower 
232-6614 

.. 

Skiers Prove Skill 
On Giant Slalom 

The UCSD Ski Team manfulJy 
faced their stutest challenge to 
date at the recent Giant Slalom 
race at June Mountain on Feb. 
16. The skiing conditions were 
absolutely ideal. But the course 
was easily the most dlf!icult ever 
encountered by any of the con-
testants. 

The race course had a vert-
ical drop ot over 1,000 feet spread 
out over a mere 3/4 mile len-
gth. There were 42 gates ar-
ranged so as to make some of 
the turns next to impossible. 

A total of 57 racers tried out 
their best slalom form in the 
grue ling course. 

By 1:00 p.m. the men's races 
began. Third in line was Mark 
Moore, UCSD's 'great white hope' 
as it were. He waited patiently 
at the top of the hill as the 
firs t two racers went down, down 
the horrifying steep course. 

Then, as he listened to the 
walky-talky voice from the timer 
at the base of the h1ll, at the 
finish line, Moore crouched down 
In anticipation. "... two, one, 
GOI" came the disembodied 
voice, and away Moore new, 
throwing up clouds of powdered 
snow on every gate. 

As he passed my vantage point 
on the course, I could see that 
he was easily beating the first 
two fine performances. 

Moore knew he was skiing his 
best Giant Slalom ever. He 
braced himsleC as he approached 
each gate and atter what seem-
ed an eternity, be caught a 
glimpse of the finish line. Moore 
shot forward with eyer>:t~!Dg h-

had. 
Then he caught sight ot it. 

Lying directly in front ot him, 
a bare twenty yards from the 
finish line was a yellow woolen 
ski cap dropped by the last rac-
er. Moore tried to swerve to 
avoid it. But it was too late, 
and as his ski tip caught the 
cap on it, Mark went spllling 
head over heals Into a snow 
bank. 

Although Moore was granted a 
second chance at the hill, on his 
second time down, he was un-
derstandably more cautious , and 
that rare spark that shines in 
winners was gone. Nevertheless, 
Moore still turned in a res-
pectable time, and came in third 
in the race, behind UCSB's Mc-
Pherson and Cal Poly's Baum-
gartner. 

Teamwlse, UCLA came In first . 
pointwise, with CSLA and UCSB 
following. UCSD's team missed 
third place by a mere two tenths 
of a second. Behind Moore's 
third place finish, other members 
of the UCSD ski team placed as 
follows: Wilkenson, a tie for 
14th, Kosec, 16th, and sterbenz 
17th. 

Considering the field of some 
57 racers, UCSD's Ski Team un-
questionable demonstrated that 
its members are destined tor 
even greater performances in the 
future. At its finest moments, 

,our Ski team Is unquestionable 
the strongest in the area. As 
soon as our skilers gain a sense 
of confidence in their superb cap-
abilltie s, the y should live up to 
their potentials. 

THE 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF 

COLLEGE STUDENTS 
endorses 

COLLEGE STU·DENTS 
AUTOMOBILE 

INSURANCE PROGRAM 
Under 21 yr. old $51.00 Semi·Annually 
Over 21 yr. old $40.00 Semi·Annually 

(for qualified students) 
Even lower rates for married & femates . 

DoeS your policy give you All of these belo ... fits for as Iowa pre-
mium? 
1. 20% DISCOUNT .... scholastic 
2. 10"!0 DISCOUNT .... on renewal 
3. Monthly payments 
4. NO CANCEL LA TJONS due to driving record 
5. SPORTS'CARS . ... no additional charge 
6. ~O. ONE DECLINED THIS STUDENT SPONSORED PROGRAM .. 
ThiS IS a special program for Calif. Col!.;oge Students Onlv. 

Administered and managed bl . 

iNSURANCE SfllVKf Of CALIfORNIA 
2223 EI (aion Blvd. San Diego 

291 .. 4335 

SPORTS 
~1I0aT.S 
Basietball 

The Triton basketball team 
put its 19-7 record on the line 
in the NAlA playoffs on Monday. 
but came up short in the final 
52 seconds in a 85-88 loss to Az-
usa Pacific. 

After trailing by 18 in the first 
halt, a courageous and deter-
mined team effort saw the Tri-
tons come surging back to tie 
the score at 81 all, only to lose 
the game In the last minute. 

Coach Neil stoner commented 
as follows: "We played our 
worst half of the season (the 
fir st half), and we saved It tor 
the playoffs." 

"This was a disappointing end 
to an othetwise outstanding 
year," continuM Stoner, "and we 
are . looking forw~rd to next 
year." 

Next year's tea.m will include 
several of this year's outstand-
ing stars, with the addition of 
some promising freshmen. Sto-
ner commented, however, that, 
"Our record this year was 20-8 
overall, and we will be hard· 
pressed to duplicate it next 
year." 

High Triton scorer in the play-
off game was Ed Babluch with 
23. Stoner also cited center 
Jeff Mill for leading the Triton 
second-half comeback with his 
scoring. 

A ",let8-0f· Year 
Phil Costello, UCSD Athlete-

of-the-Year, was honored along 
with the Athletes-or-the- Year of 
the other UC campuses during 
the halftime of the UCSD-Berk-
eley basketball game last week-
end. Costello received a pla-
que in honor of his fine wrestl-
ing performances. 

larate 
There will be a karate tourna-

ment at the UCSD gym tomorrow 
at 1: 15 p.m. There will be team 
competition in kumite (free spar-
ring) and kata. The participating 
team s include UCLA, Cal State 
at Los Angeles, University of 
So. Calif., UC Riverside and 
UCSD. here will be no admission 
charge. 

Tennis 
The Triton netmen scored their 

first victory of the season in 
a scrim mage with San Diego Mesa 
J.C., last year's state J.C. 
champions. With the score tied 
3-3 after the singles play, UCSD 

) went on to sweep the doubles 
matches in straight sets for a 
6· 3 victory. 

In previous tennis action, the 
season thus Car has involved three 
rained-out contests, two trounc-
Ings at the hands of powerful 
opponents (Redlands and Irvine) 
and a 3-6 loss to UC Davis to 
open the season. 

! Home Gallles 
3-7 Golf vs. UC Riverside, 12:30 
p.m. 
3-7 Baseball vs. Southern Calif., 
3:00 p.m. 
3-8 Tennis VS. UC Riverside, 
10:00 p.m. 
3-8 Baseball vs. Pomona (dou-
ble header), 1:00 p.m. 
3-8 Track vs. Southern Calif., 
1:00 p.m. 
3-8 Rugby n. Santa Barbara 
D's, 2:00 p.m. 

March 7, 1969 Page 11 

BOI shown defending against the Butfakes, in the game which ousted 
the Butfa~es from the title race . Shooting from the corner is Dave 
Arter agamst BOt 

INTRAMURALS 
From all appearances it seems 

intra.mural basketball IS by far 
the most popular of the intra-
mural activities. 

Last weekend marked the start 
of women 's basketball. The girls 
played hard and had a lot of 
laughs and giggles. 

The outstanding players for the 
weekend were Linda LaBounty 
with a Z8- point game. Linda 

I has one out~ding asset-she 
. is almost at the 72 inch mark. 

We'll be looking for Linda La-
Bounty to help UCSD in the 
women's basketball at UCSB this 
spring. 

Another fine playmaker and 
shooter Is Mary Profit of Chal-
lenger. Mary had 12 points in 
Challenger's 25-24 victory over ~ 
Blake D. Janice Wood was high 
with 11 points for Blake II. 

In open league playoffs it is 
getting toward the end. This past 
week was a real buster for some 
teams. Physics won over the 
Maphds by 3 points In a 39-36 
thriller. Bob Sieman had 11 points 
tor Physics. lcerman had 12 
and Yin had 10 for the Maphds. 

The Wild Tearers got even 
wllder and outscored the Cheat-
ers 54-49 in a game in which 

thl! Cheaters could not catch up. 
Facu tty staff made it by one 
point to get past the Panthers, 
and they just never got on track 
in a second game with the Cheat-
ers. 

In tbe mens championship play 
BOI upset the Butfakes 47-42 in 
a game as exciting as any pro 
game. The tempo was fast and 
pressing. Butfakes handled the 
ball well in the first quarter, and 
ended up on top 16-10 at the end 
of the fir st quarte r . 

Midway into the second period 
BOI put the pressure on and the 
Butfakes defense began to fail. 
BOI began pressing and making 
good plays on offense. The But-
fakes could not get anything going 
and were not making their shots 
count, 

Although the BuUakes led 24-
20 at the half, the BOI came back 
strong In the second half to win. 
Mark Waxman was the outstand-
ing performer for the Butfakes. 
Waxman hitting most of his 14 
points from outside the key, posed 
a real threat to BOL If Dave 
Acter had had a good night and 
Paul Kanter had hit 30 per cent 
of his jump shots, BOl could have 
really been in trouble. 

'Run, Run, Run' Cagers 
PO(lP Out,Lose in Playoffs 

I'm still not sure of what went 
on last Monday night when UCSD 
played U's final game oC the bas-
ketball season against Azusa Pa-
cific. 

I came away from the game 
feeling like I had just seen a 
three-ring circus. It wasn' t a 
simple basketball game in which 
Azusa had played a little better 
than UCSD to win 88-85. Some-
thing more than that happened on 
the court Monday night . 

Fi rst oC all, the UCSD "run-
run-run offense" - the one which 
had made it a practice all year 
of beating teams bigger and bet-
ter; the offense which starred 
agile, quick, sharpshooting per-
sonnel; the oflense which never 
seemed to stop running for all 
40 minutes - did a very unusual 
thing. It stopped running. It stop-
ped making baskets. It stopped 
passing accurately. It stopped 
making plays work. And it stop-
ped winning. 

At the end of the game, I was 
thoroughly convinced Coach Sto-
ner had put in a new offense. Not 
so, said t~am spokesman Ron 
Carter. Well Ron, what actually 
baWened? 

"They were walking the whole 
first half.' ) always thought our 

team never knew the word. But 
sure enough, there they were-
walking. 

At halftime, the score was 47-
37, Azusa. That looks bad until 
you figure UCSD was, at many 
times, down by 18. Obviously, 
Coach Stoner went into the 10cJ.;er 
room at hal1'!ime a bit upset. 

Whether or not he qllietly rai-
sed his hand for s ilerlce, and sim-
ply said, "There will be no more 
walking tonight" is a secondary 
question. What actually happened 
the second 20 minutes warmed the 
hearts of those UCSD fans who 
recognized the "old offense" 
back in action. 

It was so beautiful. And, ex-
cept for a couple of unfortu-
nate "that's the way the ball 
bounces " , the gane should have 
been our s. If we ('ould have put 
two second halves together, ev-
erything would have been Cine. 

The game itseU was chaotic 
to say the l4'Ac:t 'I'll-> rl~ . _ ~ ~ 
a path into the floor by walking 
back and forth for foul shots, 
There were enough players on 
the noor Monday night to tart 
a sit-in. 

And in spite of all the action, 
no one was hurt, although Azusa 

(Continued on page 12) 



Pale 12 March 7, 1969 
, 

: CAM PUS KIOSK 
., 

Friday, March 7. 1969 
Fluxus Showing a t A l t Gallery through Ma r c h 22 
Golf with UC R iversi:le (Lomas Santa Fe), 12: 30 p. m. 
Basketball with Southern Cal. 3; 00 p. m. 
Soaring Club. HL Auditorium. 6:00 p. m. 
Alpha Phi Omega movies "The Blob" and "X - The Man with the X-ray Eyes". USB 2722 . 

7: 30 p. m .• 50 cents 
A. S. Dance with " St. Vitus Dance". "Strange Brew". visuals by " Glass Eye". Revelle 

Cafete ria. Free I 

Saturday. March '8 . 1969 
Tennis with UC Riverside. 10: 00 a. m. 
Track with Southern Cal. 1:00 p. m. 
Baseball with Pomona (doub le). 1;00 p. m. 
Rugby with UCSB II's. 2:00 p. m. 
Alpha Phi Om ega movies "The Blob" and "X - The Man with the X-ray Eyes". USB 2722 , 

7:30 p . m .• 50 c nts 
Coffee Hut entertainment. "The Vandels". 9:00 p. m . 

Sunday. March 9. 1969 
Pool Tournament. Blake Hall Pool Room. 6: 30 p. m .• Sign up by 5:00 p . m .• Friday 

March 7 in the Pool Room 
Muir Cinema. "Electra". "Thanatopsis". "Lotus Wing". USB 2722. 7: 30 p . m. 

Monday. March 10. 1969 
Jewish Student Association. Dr. Moshe Dechter "The Status of the Jews in the Soviet 

Union". Informal Lounge. 4:00 p. m. 
Alpha Sigma Phi. HL 1166. 6:30 p. m. 
A. S. Senate m ting. Ill-A. Matthews Campus. 6: 30 p. m. 
Students for Responsible Action. 310W Matthews Campus. 7;30 p. m. 

Tuesday. March 11. 1969 
Students for a Democrati c SoCIety. USB 3070. 7:00 p. m. 
Christian Science Organization. USB 4050A. 7:30 p. m. 
Go Club. Coffee Hut. 8:00 p. m. 
University Folk Dance rs. Revelle Main Cafeteria, 8:30 p . m. 

Wednesday. March 12. 1969 
Shum Language Club. Inter-Language Club Lounge. 12:00 noon 
Alpha Phi Omega. USB 4030A. 6: 30 p. m. 
Art Gallery Fluxforum panel discussion. 8:00 p. m. 
Language Club Film. German - "The Good Soldier Schweik". USB 2722. 8:00 p. m. 
Ski Club. USB 3010. 9:00 p. m. 
Coffee Hut movies "The Ghost of Zorro" plus a short. 9:30 p. m. 

Thursday. Mar h 13. 1969 
Arts & Le ctures present Daniel Steinb rg "Bad Genes. Sick People and Biochemistry". 

HL Auditorium. 4: 15 p. m. 
SIMS. USB 2722. 8: 30 p. m. 

Friday. March 14. 1969 
Golf with San Diego State (Lomas Santa Fe). 12:30 p. m . 
University International Association. South Dining Hall. 7:00 p . m . 
~fee Hut entertainment, 9:00 p. m . 

I 
I 

. I 

Cagers 
(Continued from page 11) 

would like to make you thmk 
differently. ' 

If Hollywood doesn·t scout the 
Azusa basketball team. they are 
missing one of the finest crop of 
actors around. To say they de-
served an Oscar would be under-
stating the point. 

The looks of anguish, the cries 
of agony, the sinking to the knees 
in pain were all so realistic, ex-
cept that no one ha1 touched these 
fine players. 

The rets, though, teIt complel-
ed, because they had provided 
excellent entertainment for the 
crowd. to award foul shots for a 
job well done. But then, the game 
did take place in Los Angeles, 
at best, a very unusual city. 

By all rights, we should have 
won the game. It was a clear cut 
case of good versus evil. Azusa 
brought down a band that was 
somewhere between a bunch of 
gypsies. Tiny Tim, and Moby 
Grape. Their featured instrument 
was a set of tympanies, which 
made your ears decide to close 

Your new 
boyfriend has a 
new girlfriend? 

Think it over; over coffee. 
The Think Drink. 

For yOurO",n Th,nk 0"" .. MUI. 'find 75( .nd 1"\1' .. ,f'Y"~ , nd 'ddt"" 10' 
T" ~I! 0'1"'" M ~I, O,.pt. N. P 0 Bo .. IIj'j • Nfw '10''' . N Y 100. Th,. Inl,.,,,.I.on,1 Cofltjl Or,.n 'lIl1on . 

up for the night and go home. I 
The team itself came out wear-

ing high top black tennis shoes. 
Imagine- how gauche. And they 
had this center who looked like 
a cross between Magma the Go- I 
rilla , and Goldie Hawn. But the 
kid could score, although that's 
not saying a lot. He was shooting 
downhill, he was so tall. 

All in all, the game joins the 
list of "What Happened?" , along 
with the colonists winning the Re-
volution, the Indians beating Cus-
ter, and Truman beating Dewey. 
Nevertheless, the UCSD basket-
ball team had a great year, and 
gave a great effort on the court. 
In the se~ond half Monday night, 
they finished the season looking 
like the cham}:lOns they are. 

F't,ee r -:tC!lJ::: 
C\assi~ie.<ls .•• 
-to an ut5I> ~lJde~ 
ft'l~)I. . 2. 5' -.No("J~ . (1'!1fed) 
de.\'-lu" to 1\ OffiCe. . 

(?t' iT'l'ft:d ~pac.e ?eC'cn$n&) 
FOR SALE: BULTACO Metral-

la motorcycle, 1800 miles. 200 
cc. Street-dirt. Must sell. $325. 
459-5992. 
« « « « « « « « « « « « « • • • 

FRONTIERS OF SC IENCE 102/ 
Ames 160, SprIng 1969, has been 
rescheduled for MW from 7-8:30 
p.m. in USB, Rm. 2722. Thefirst 
class meeting will be Wednesday, 
April 2, 1969. 

• « • « • • « • • « « • • • • « 

FRIENDS OF THE RESIS-
tance will meet at Revelle Foun-
tain, Monl1ay, February 10,6:00 
p.m. 

THE MUIR COLLEGE CU~ 
tural Affairs Committee is now 
dally posting a student act-
ivities calendar at the following 
locations: Muir Provost, stu-
dent Activities, KSDT, and the 
bulletin board by the Matthews 
post boxes. This comprehensive 
calendar is replete with inform-
tion of on and off C2mpus act-
ivities of relevance to the stu-
dents. It you have any act-
ivities which you would want in-

. cluded, please send all relevant 
information to the Resident Dean 

, of Muir College, attention Larry 
Fagot, Cultural Affairs Commi-
ttee Chairman. 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

OWNER OFFERS4BEDROOM 
2 bathrooms, La Jolla Ranch 
Home. Best Buy in La Jolla. 

. Fireplace, all carpeted washer 
dryer, electric stove, r~tor T.V: 
antenna, nice yard, beautiful, 
quiet neighborhood. Near La Jolla 
Country Club. Walking distance 
to all schools and stores. A per-
fect La Jolla family home. Best 
of neighbors. $39,500. Phone 459-
2014. Shown by appointment only. 

EVENINGS THROUGH TUESDAY 
TWO FILMS ON SOCIAL FER-
MENT & REVOLUTION: 
BATTLE OF ALGIERS 
Evenings - 7:00 & 10:45 p.m. 
Saturday - 6:30 & 10:15 p.m. 
Italy-1968 Directed byGilloPon-
tecorvo. A magnificent film about 
the FLN uprising in the Algier's 
Casbah trom 1954-58. Banned in 
France because of the infiama-
tory possibilities. 

BATTLE 0': 
UiIERS 

TROPICI 
Evenings - 9: 10 p.m. 
Saturday - 8:40 p.m . 
Brazil-1968 Directed by Gianni 
Amico. We are made to know 
what it is to be hopelessly poor, 
black and hungry. We are made 
to want, as they want, a new life. 

SA TURDA Y MIDNIGHT 
THE NOCTURNAL CINEMA: 

~HIP BUILDERS 
THE GHOST SHIP 
WARHOLE MAKES A MOVIE 
THE INVISIB LE RAY 

BEGINNING WEDNESDAY: 
TITTICUT FOLIES 
BELL ANTONIO 

745& La Jolla Blvd. '51-73'3 

PEACE 
• • 

AN OPPORTUNITY FOR STU-
dents and businessmen to discuss 
business careers in an informal 
atmosphere will be presented by 
the Marketing Information Day 
(MID) at San Diego state. It will 
be held on March 13 from 10:00 
to 2:00 p.m. at the Aztec Center 
in Montezuma Hall (student 
Union). Eighty to 90 companies 
will be represented. 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

UCSo'S "FIESTA DE LAGEN-
te" is now being planned by the 
AS. It is scheduled for May 23 and 
24, and its purpose is to provide 
entertainment for the students. It 
is also intended to bring the com-
munity to UCSD in conjunction 
with San Diego's 200th anniver-
sary. 

Friday night, May 23, there will 
be a huge bonfire--the burning of 
"Old Man Prejudice", followed 
by a dance in Revelle Plaza, with 
music by a rock band. 

Saturday, from 11:00 to 1:00pm 
there wlll be a university open 
house, and tours of the campus. 
Th festivities in the plaza begin 
at 1:00 pm. The Ballet Foklorico 
from Tecate will precede the 
Carnival, which will include game 
and food booths as well as cul-
tural exhibits. 

Oscar Amescua and his Maria-
chis will be strolling the plaza 
all afternoon, and there will be a 
pinata breaking at 3:00 pm. 

Estudiantina de la Paz will per-
form at 3:15 pm--theyareachU-
dren's singing and dancing group 
from Tijuana. Later that evening 
the Baja Marimba Band will giv~ 
a concert in the gym. 

Student participation is vital to 
the success of the Fiesta. We need 
girls as hostesses, and tour 
guides. The Fiesta also provides 
an opportunity for students who 
would like to display any art work, 
photography or mu sical talent. 

Please contact Student Activi-
ties Office, 250 MC, for further 
information. Jon Collins is the 
chairman of the committee which 
is planning the Fiesat, and can be 
reached at 755-8064. 

~ 
FIRST 

STUDENT TOURS 
to AUSTRALI A fI 
SOUTH PACIFIC 
3 Tours • 9 Departures • June & July 
From $1195· 37 Days • a" inclusive 
For Folders and Reservations , .. 
UNIVERSE TRAVEL, INC. 
3611 Long Beach Blvd. Long Beach, 

Calif . 90B07 l2131 424 B504 

CORPS 
• 

~~e~ 
1t~ 'DUeUuJ -;/I4U 

frida" March 1,h 
MOllda" Marcil 10,h 


