
,Ratferty Proposes Guide for 
IMoral Education in Public Schools 

Volume 7, Issue j 

I 
by Paul Emus 

Guidelines for moral instruc-
tion in public schools were drawn 
up last Friday by a committee 
appointed by Max Rafferty, state 
superintendent of public instruc-
tion. In a 81-page document they 
proposed to the State Board of 
Education that morality can only 
be considered when grounded in 
the religious beliefs of this 
country's founding fathers. 

It condemned the 'moral decay 
observable around us' such as 
sex education, sensitivity train-
ing, group therapy, the motion 
picture industry, anthropolOgist 
Margaret Mead, the philosopher 
John Dewey, the United Nations, 
the U.S. Supreme Court, and, 
guess what -- communism. 

Members of the morality com-
mittee consisted of three conser-
vative state legislators, three 
churchmen, a conservative UC 
Berkeley professor and an assis-

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 
May 16, 1969 

tant to Gov. Reagan. The re- education, the teaching of skills 
commendations were accepted by and the cultivation of love and 
the state board with enthusiastic respect for our heritage and 
praise from some members. traditions.' 

The committee saw not only a The need today, the group said, 
' moral crisis' but a 'spiritual 'is to contrast the American 
crisis' and called for class room genius and the American' s re-
teaching of 'America's religious liance on Almighty God, with 
heritage, religious views of our the cold, drear y utilitarian aims 
founding fathers and the bases of of the secular humanists or 
morality as understood by our Marxixts . 
founding fathers .' 'A divine con- 'Humanis ts who look at man 
ception of the universe pervades as the Supr eme Being have real 
the spirit of American civiliza- grounds to fear for their own 
tion, as it does of world civiU- future as well as for the faith-
zations in general, ' the document ful because they cannot deny that 
said. civilizations which in the past 

To adopt this philosophy as the erased whatever dignity was left 
basis for teaching morality, the of man.' 
committee said public schools Such civilizations were ' of the 
would do well to use the ' Moral ancient pharaohs, of the Roman 
Leadership' handbooks oUhe U.S. Caesars, or 20th Centur y atheist 
Navy and Marine Corps. societies of the Nazis and Com-

'Here was a prepared and munists,' the committee said. 
tested outline of techniques to 'By contr ast, the little pledge 
teach young men the nature of of those Americans who gather 
man and his relationship to God, every July 4 at the Liberty Bell 
his neighbor, his country and his in Philade lphia (and more re-
world, ' the committee said. cently in Sacramento) projects a 

The committee also implied grandeur of man that no tyrant 
that group therapy and sensitivity can ever as sault.' 
training are being used by those The committee' s recommen-
who 'are in fact aligned with dations also called for teachers 
revolutionary gr oups acting con- to be required to attent training 
trary to public pOlicy, that is, classes on the guidelines and 
they intend to use the schools materials recommended in the 
to destroy Amer ican cultur e and document. Teacher training in-
traditions. stitutions s hould require ins truc-

. s 'The antidote' to such 'social tion in the techniques of moral 

5 t U d e n t S' Co a 118 t 18 0 n to' R a II y ~i~~:~r::f~bl::~~~~~' ~~a ,~~~~ ~r:t~;s ,in t~~co;:~:a~it~~r~. to the basic purpose of public 
at Regents Meeting TodayBSC-~AYA A ccepts 

There is likely to be more Meanwhile, during yesterday' s Sweet noted that as he was unable Co D1 011 t tee Me In be r s 
trouble today for the Board of committee meeting, the Regents to make any real presentations 
Regents when they meet in open furthered the impression given in on any significant issues in this 
session at the Faculty Center recent meetings that their role time period, he would leave it to 
at the usually sedate UCLA cam- has been reduced merely to that of his successor to bring the Re-
pus. a caretaker for the university, gents up to date on the U CSB 

The Coalition, an alliance of except when controversial issues campus in his five- minute seg-
several campus groups, SDS in- arise that the political Regents ment a year from now. 
luded, expects to draw more than can relate to. Sweet came out against bills 
1000 students to a rally outside With active discussion in only presented before legislation that 
the building where the Regents one case, the Regents quickly would place a student Regent on 
will be meeting. They also gave their approvalto the numer- the board. This, he felt, would 
intend to get as many supporters ous and carefully prepared do- be meaningless tokenism, that 
inside as the 100 limit on ob- cuments that were presented to would enable the Regents to pacify 
servers will allow, and will re- them at each meeting. These the students. Sweet also told th 
portedly demand that the Regents reports are to be referred to Regents that he personally ques-
'enter into dialogue' with them. the full board for action today. tioned their ability to decide 

The Coalition is concerned with The one highlight of the com- university matters, s ince they 
such issues as ROTC on campus , mittee meeting was a short ad- lack a basic knowledge of the 
univers ity involvement in multi- dress to the Committee on Edu- campuses. 
related r esearch, raising tui- cational Policy by UCSB student It appears that today's open 
tions, and relevent education. body president Paul Sweet, al- session will be just as unevent-
They have threatened to disrupt though his subtly sarcastic re- ful as the committee session, 
the Regents meeting if the Re- marks were not met with the outside of possible student action. 
gents refuse to discuss the topiCS. usual polite indifference by those At the Berkeley meeting las t 

The police are in evidence Regents present. month, Regent Roth presented an 
around the Faculty Center and • By virtue of a recent Re- amendment to the Pauley motion, 
extensive security measures re- gent's ruling, studentbodypres i- specifying that in exercising the 
portedly include the building of dents, from a different campus veto power that the regents had 
wooden barricades . each month, are allowed to ad- just obtained over the Chancellor 

U • d W Id f d ,. in Faculty appointments, no po-D.te or e era 1St to utica.l criteria ' would be applied. ThlS amendment carried, and 
S Ie TIL f ABM Roth was to clarify what he meant Pea OD ureat 0 by the term, but no such report was on the agenda. Ronald Reagan 

is expected to arrive at 10:00 p. m. 
today and it is reported that 
Coalition members will be there 
early in the morning. 

The issue of Lumumba- Zapata 
College has moved from the Re-
gistrars Office back into the con-
ference room. The Executive 
Committee created by the Verone 
resolution meet on Monday after-
noon and made plans to r epor t 
to the Academic Senate on May 
20. 

The Verone r esolution, passed 
shortly after the takeover of the 
Registrars Office, recommended 
'that a new Executive Committee 
for the Third College be im-
mediately established, ' and that 
'Its eight members shall be se-
lected by the Provost...for their 
commitment to the principles 
underlying the BSC- MAYA pro-
posal •. 

The eight faculty memlJers 
chosen include Carlos Blanco 
(Lit), William Frazer (Phys ics), 
Joseph Gusfield (Sociology), Dan-
ial Lindsay (Bio), Francis Hal-
pern (Physics ), David Norton 
(Philosophy), Melvin Simon (Bio), 
Joseph Watson (Chern). Several 
additional fac ulty member s, ei-
ther representing senate com-
mittees or s imply interested in 
the negotiations , will also par -
tiCipate in committee activities . 

The eight faculty me mbers 
were accepted by BSC-MA YA 
on May 9. Eight s tudents were 
also appointed to the Executive 
Committee, but additional stu-

dents, white as well as black and 
brown, have volunteered to work 
on the committee. 

The Executive Committee firs t 
divided itse If into three sections, 
one concerned with admissions, 
one with curriCUlum, and one with 
college government. Each sec-
tion has about 10 member s. The 
sections met throughout the week 
and will submit their reports to 
the full committee this afte r noon. 

The remainde r of the commit-
tee meeting was devoted to a 
general discussion of curricu-
lum, goverance, and admissions . 
Students pointed out that their 
conception of LZC was not that 
of a college devoted exclusively 
to ethnic studies, but rather one 
that provided its students with 
the widest possible choice of dis-
ciplines. In order to accomplish 
this, LZC would cooperate with 
departments on other colleges, 
especially science depar tments, 
while establishing its own depart-
ments in the humanities and social 
sciences. 

It was also suggested that an 
LZC pilot pr ogram be started 
next fall, involvin& possibly a 
hundred students, so that the 
college could test its program be-
fore receiving its firs t large 
class. It was also pointed out 
th:l t the fi r st year of study at 
(Continued on page nine, co1.3) 

On Thursday, May 22, 8:30 
p.m. at UCSD Revelle College, 
La Jolla, in the Cafeteria-Audi-
torium, former Pennsylvania 
senator Joseph S. Clark, now 
United World Federalists nation-
al president, will speak on "The 
Folly of the ABM." The public 
is invited, no charge or donation. 

During his twelve years' ser-
vice in the Senate, his role in 
the Foreign Relations Committee 
led him to introduce the U. N. 
Peacekeeping Resolution to cre-
ate an individually-recruited Un-
ited Nations Peacekeeping Force. 
Twenty-one senators co-spon-
sored that bill. 

UCSO'S Walter Munk Receives 
Award 

Viewing the anti-ballistic mis-
sile as no "safeguard," the term 
given it by the Nixon administra-
tion, but as a threat, in a recent 
statement Clark said peace-
minded groups should form a 
coalition to counteract the poli-
tical power of the military-in-
dustriul complex. 

He called on such organizations 
to make use of the Coalition on 
National Priorities and Mflltary 
Policy, formed last February in 
Washington D.C., to serve as a 
channel for communication and 
cooperative action. 

Clark says it Is unsound to be-
lieve we can any longer have both 
guns and better without ever-
higher taxation and we cannot 
meet the needs of our own people 
while supporting a military bud-
get of more than 80 billion a year. 

Avers Clark, "Last year 's run 
on the dollar in international 
markets brought us close to hav-
ing to go off the gold standard. 
Inflation resulting chopped al-
most five cents off the dollar 
purchasing power. lam convinced 
the American people do not want 
to repeat that disastrous econom-
ic folly." 

Scientist of the Year 
Walter H. Munk, Ph.D., direc-

tor of the Department ot Geo-
physics at Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography, was honored las t 
week with the California Scientis t 
of the Year award of the Cal-
ifornia Museum of Science and 
Industry. 

The award, which was pre-
sented to Munk in Los Ange les 
on Thursday May 8, amounts to 
$5,000. 

Munk was nominated by his 
institutional superiors at Scripps, 
largely as a result of his work 
on a project that measured the 

progress of ocean swells in the 
Pacific in 1965 . 

This work involved makingob-
servations at s ix stations, which 
stretched from New Zealand to 
Alaska, including the novel hori-
zontal-vertical Scripps re earch 
vessel Flip. The research es-
tablished the progress of wave 
action from one end of th oc a.n 
to another, starting with s torms 
down south, and continuing all 
the way to Alas ka. 

It is the fourth award in four 
years for Munk, who r ceiv d 
the Arthur C. Day m dal ot th 

Geological Society of AmI rica in 
1965 and the Sverdrup Gold Medal 
of the American Meteorological 
Society in 1966. In the sa me 
ye u he received the Cal T ch 
alumni distinguish :; r !c,- .. 
ward. 

Munk has be n at cripps since 
1937, except fur several per iods; 
he accepted a Guggenheim Cellow-
ship at 0 10 in 1949 and Cam-
bridge in 1955 and 1962. He 
was born in leona and came 
to this country in 1932, ttending 
or p school in up tate ew York 

( Continu cl on page 5 ) 



.~ 

I 
I j 

, , 

...... 

Proposi . ion-Returns 
Proposition A (Vote yes or no) 
The UCSD Campus Pollcy concerning financial aid to athletes should 
be tile result of consultat on with all members of the UCSD academic 
eommunity. However, because the results of this policy de~lsiOIl will 
most directly affect too students, and because the intercollegiate ath-
letic program is run exclusively for the beneftt of the students, student 
opinion as represented by the results of this referendum, should be of param~t importance in determining the campus policy with respect 
to financial aid to athletes. . 
The current policy administers Grants-in -Aid to students In need with 
DO spscial consideration for athletes. Should this existing policy be a-
mended in the following way: 
Sbould some special financial assistance (drawn exclusively from pri-
vate sources) be awarded to athletes. irrespective of their need? 

_ YES NO 
. 572 - 26% 1630 - 74% 

Pro sition B Vote es or no) ~ Should students assess themselves, beginning in the Fall Quarter of 
t 1969, a special fee, nmt to exceed $6 per quarter, to be utilized exclu-

sively for the construction and operation of one or more Stud~nt Centers 
or student Unions at UCSD? YES: 1720 - 77% NO. 490 - 23% 

.' Student Information Poll 
This poll is conducted for informational purposes only. Some students 
feel that some of the issues raised here are based on moral questions, 
which of course cannot be resoved by popular vote. 

',' 

The ;alidity of this poll is directly proportional to the number of stu-
dents who, by voting, express their interest in the issue. 

A.) Should student registration fees monies be ~tilized to support the 
Career Education Planning and Placement Cente r . 
YES NO 
1527 - 70% 646 - 30% 

B.) Should the Univer sity continue to support the existing "open recruit-
ment" policy? YES: 1317 - 61% NO: 830 - 39% 
C.) Should the Univer sity move to a "closed to r ecruitment" policy, i.e., 
a policy which excludes all recr iter s from the campus? 
YES NO 
561 - 22% 1561 78% 

D.)Should legal avenues be explor ed to exclude from the campus some 
recruiters, including those cepresenting the military services, on the 
grounds fo r example, that their presence is incompatible with the edu-
cational'objectives of the Unive rsity? YES: 989 - 46% N~~~ 
,-leG ----;i~:c;~ffairs . I 
, announces "Revelle Coli~ge Goverament Ie; I concerned with all aspects of 

N W 8y Laws the educati~nal enVironment, and I I e. the academiC program." 
I Two students, two flculty mem- RCG TABLE IN THE PLAZA I bers and the Provost on the WEDNESDA Y Executive Committee; stx stu- I 

~@lro[P)c\ i 
~[L~({:110@[ro 

PRESIDENT % 
Jefl Benjamin (47.0) 412 
Mark Waxman (24.8) 214 
Charles Chong (14.7) 129 
Glen Forsch (7.5) 66 
Brian Ritter (6 .7) 59 
Total votes 880 

VICE PRESIDENT % 
Mike Palcic (45.1) 426 
Mark Butler (38.1) 359 
Randy Erickson (13.3) 125 
Total votes ---- 943 

UPPER DIVISION SENATOR 
James Magill (69.5) 432 
Jim Sills (30.5) 178 

LOWER DIVISION SENATOR 
Paul Kaufman (41.0) 114 
Borden Covel (25.6) 71 
stephen Carpenter (21.2) 59 
Ralph Taylor (10.8) 30 

REVELLE SENATOR % 
Cindy Nielson (50.1) 366 
Tom PeUer (48.2) 352 
Ned VanValkenburgh (41.8) 303 
Fred Greenslte (34.9) 255 
Bruce Morden (34.9) 255 
Michael Caruso (27.6) 202 
MIke Harkey (23.8) 174 
Total votes 731 

Mum SENATOR 
Leonard Bourin 
steve Ishmael 
Mark Elson 
Roger Show ley 
Robert Munk 
Ed Magnin 

% 
(51.3) 102 
(50.8) 101 
(42.7) 85 
(40.6) 81 
(35.6) 71 
(29.6) 59 

HEAD CHEERLEADER % 
Act Lujan (82.3) 628 
Total votes ----- 642 

W~[P)Q 
00 (!)J [ro Q@ ~ [F 

PRESIDENT % 
Jeff Benjamin·· (56.8) 528 
Mark Waxman (43.2) 404 
Total Votes ---- 032 

VICE-PRESIDENT % 
Mike Paldc·· (54.6) 499 
Mark Butler (45.4) 416 
Total votes 915 

Mum SENATOR % 
Mark Elson·· (52.1) 96 
Roger Showley (47.9) 88 
Total votes ---- 184 
REVELLE SENATOR (Two) 
Tom Peifer·· (54.5) 381 
Bruce Morden· (46.2) 323 
Fred Greensite· (39.1) 273 
Ned VunValkenburgh (36.9). 258 
Total votes ---- 699 

LOWER DIVISION SENATOR 
Paul Kaufman·· (54.3) 83 
Borden Covel (45.7) ) 
Total vmtes ---- 153 

I dents , three faculty membe rs , RCG OPEN HEARlNG NEXT 
three Administrators on Com- ~~l------~.~=~.~ ......................... "' ·~ .. __ ~ ______________ iiiii 
......... . 

· . 
· .. ~~ tor.(.~ ~5 n : . l.£ll.Uu. .. 
· : : : 
: : ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ·~C .......... ... ....... . 
• • F ' C : : EDITOR IN CHIE : -': 
: : John McCarthy : : 
· . . . 
· . . . 

:: NEWS EDITOR MANAGING EDITOR : : 
: : Steve Landau Chr is Sheldon : : 
· . . . 
· . 
:: SPORTS EDITOR 
· . :: Bob Gorby 
· . 
· . 
:: FINE ARTS EDITOR 
· . : : Paul Hamburg 
· . 
· . 
:: PHOTOGRAPHY EDITOR 
· . : : Douglas Easton 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· , 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . : . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· ' · . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· ' · . 
· . 
· . 
· . 

STAFF WRITERS 
Bill Alaoglu 
Clayton Anderson 
Albert Elzas 
Er ic Halgren 
Richard Harris 
Portia La Touche 
Kerwin Lebels 
Dave Sacherman 
Lar ry Raful 
John Sussman 
Paul Emus 
Ray Seavers 

The opinions expressed 
In bylined articles do not 
necessarily renect the 
views of the TIM ES. 

AD MANAGER 
John Demirjian 

FEA TURE EDITOR 
Tom Baker 

COPY EDITOR 
Haywood Glmmon 

PHOTOGRAPHY 
Leonard Bourin 
James Dublirer 

GRAPHIC ARTS 
Rob Cohen 

COpy CREW 
Craig Stan 
Nancy Keys 

JUSTOWRITERS 
J udy Alsberl! 
Rachel York 
Suzanne Nester 
Dave Stearns 
Judy Ellsworthy 

Office: 250 MC 
Phone: ext. 1077 

~ : 
· . 
· . 
· . 

· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 

· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . · . ' 
· . · .. 
· . 
· . 
· . • • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . • • 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . 
· . · . 

· . . . 
· . . . 
· . : : : : .. ;.; ................. ...................................... -

.,'.r.n"u. 
is lin"ing 

By virtue of a 61.6% turnout 
of graduates and undergraduates 
combined, bhe results of last 
week's referendums wul both be 
binding. This means hhat the stu-
dents of UCSD wOl, some time in 
the future, have a student center. 
It also means that no special fl-
nancial assistance will be given 
to athletes, and thus that there 
may not be an intercollegiate 
football team here. 

Both of these decisions were 
made with an overwhelming man-
date, the tally exceeding 77% in 

" favor of the student center, and 
74% in opposition to aid to ath-
letes. 

The student information poll 
on military recruitment esses-
tially resulted in a reinforcement 
of the status quo, although a sig-
nUicant number of students, 46% 
of the 2158 voting on the issue, 
voiced support for legal avenues 
being explored to exclude such 
recruiters from the campus. 

The other three questions in the 
poll were less divided in their 
.responses. 70% voted to continue 
to use student registration fees to 
support the Career Education 
Planning and Placement Center. 

... 

' r 

, - .. .... ..,. .. , .- :--

. 

LETIERS 
. Board to (onsi,/er I-ecrui'ers ·Propose~"· ~ '. 

Dear Editor, accusations, and official poliCies they should be from minority 
As it now stands, the primary of organizations which petition groups and would pay special 

difference between the two op- to come onto the campus. It attention, U need be, to dis-
posing camps regarding the mili- would investigate alleged inci- crimination practices so preva-
tary recruiters on the campus dents of unfair economic exploi- lent today. Natu rally, all mem-
is one of depth. One side holds taUon, inhumane treatment of bers would neither be connected 
that in restricting the recruiters workers, etc., hear both public by filial or monetary ties to the 
that a student may conveniently and company testimony, and de- petitioner, nor subject to political 
see, the university would both cide whether or not the univer- or industrial pressure of any 
deny the recruiter his freedom sity community wants them on sort , either from the local ra-
of speech rights and deny the campus. dicals or the Joint Chiefs of 
student the facilitie s available to The memhers should not only Stalf. The committee's duties 
evaluate various careers open to be from the AS Senate and would be to gather information 
him. The other s ide contends politically responsible faculty, on the petitioner, make it avail-
that what the military are doing able to the community, and then 
rises above the level of ordinary Qua r fer in vote on accepting the petitioner 
politics and established rules , into the community. 
and that they have been used for A'. The university cannot ignore 
purposes which are immoral, sia 0 rered the fact that some organizations 
inhumane, and contrary to the are, for the most part, immoral 
decency of ail men everywhere. Dear Editor, and inhumane in their practices 
This side feels that the univer- There are still fi ve or six and in their business. It every 
sity should not ignore the moral- openings in the lO-week academic organization has the right to 
ity and purpose of organizations program abroad, Quarter in Asia, recruit on the campus just be-
in allowing them to come onto which USIU is offer ing this faU. cause 11 is an organization, then 
our campus . Enrollment is not limited to offices and times could be set 

Naturally, the sta!ldard of eth- [JSIU students and it has been up for the U.S. Nazi,Party, the 
ics applied here should trans- suggested that the program might DAR, the KKK, and the Flat 
cend political, racial, and re- be of interest to students at Earthers . A corporate charter 
ligious ties and would involve the UCSD. should not he an unquestioned 
fundamentai rights of man. A inquir ies should be directed to ticket of adm ission to university 
university wh ich proposes to Dr. Young Hum Kim, California facilities. II a university is 
teach its members to judge by Western Campus, USIU, 3902 composed of members which de-
universal rather than local stand- Lomaland Drive, San Diego, Cal- cide issues for the common good, 
dards, should begin teaching by ifornia 92106. then the members must decide 
example. Therefore, I propose Very truly yours, in each case if the petitioning 
a small committee of equalnum- Philip M. Bernstein organization is welcome here. 
bers of students and faculty which director of Public Relations 

May 16, 1969 Page 3 

Induced 
Induction 

by Tom Baker 
rt is a fact that most students Colonel here IS a r eally nice 'guy, 

tend to ignore, deliberate ly or and I can wok well here.' 
otherwise, the reality of the mon- I expected them to give us the 
ster known as the Draft. I Security Questionnaire now, but 
too have always looked upon the they didn't, We never saw one 
Draft as something remote from all day. r think their new policy 
my lUe until last quarter . At is to administer it alter induc-
that time, due toa clerical error , tion, so if you refuse to answe r 
I received a I-A class ification questions on it they can kick the 
and an order to report for a hell out of you. 
pre-induction physical. So now we went to the Medical 

Due to the effectiveness of Sec tion, where we were poked, 
ineffecient red tape , I went to probed , jabbed, and stabbed, by 
Los Angeles last week and under- their enlisted-men 'technicians.' 
went a day- long ordeal which This was the really hellish part 
might be worth descr ibing. of the day. They put you in 

r arrived in Car lsbad at 6:30 line , and tell you to 'Keep moving 
a.m. and found my way up to .... Stop .... Stand up against that 
the Greyhound Bus station. Ther e wall ... Get up ... Shut up ... Follow 
was a large crowd of people the Yellow Line .. Do this ,dothat.. 
gathered, talking nervously a- .• or die, sucker s.' And they 
monght them selves. They were kept you moving in a line without 
all around my age, but I was the an end. 
only student there . Everyone This was the most brutal ex-
else was out of school, working perience I have ever had. It's 
at some job or another. all part of the military's deter-

Practically ever yone was a mination, necessar y to their func-
fairly hip type of person, a few lion, to break you down, to destroy 
looked stoned, and all despised your mind and your will, to turn 
the idea of the military. When you into a thoughtless servo-
the loudspeaker announced a bus mechanism which would follow 
'fo r Unc le Sam' the re was much their orders. (You may not be-
booing, and a few obscenities. lieve this now, bu t you will soon 
One guy asked the bus driver if see for yourself. The big ques-
this was the bus to Havana, tion is whether we will let them 
which freaked the hell out of the do this.) 
guy. So we went through the line. 

Anyhow, the ride up was a A couple of people fainted, ano-
drag. Most people tried to sleep, ther vomited, and everybody was 
a few talked about the war and sick in one way or another. If 

would gather facts , opinions, and Publicity 

SWF Leads anti-ABM 
the draft. you faltered, one of their Harpies 

Walt McKeown When we got up to LA, some flew at you, shrieking, until you 
• shrili li ttle shrew of a lackey got back in the line. And all 

Dear Editor, 
Next week , members of Student 

Wor ld Federalists will be oc-
cupying a tabie in the Revelle 
plaza to distribute information , 
addresses , stamps, and enve-
lopes to people concerned abou t 
the deployment of an ABM sys-
tem. Next Thursday, May 22 , 
at 8:30 P.M., Joseph Clark, Pres-
ident of United World Federalists 
and U.S. Senator (1956-68), will 
speak in the Revelle Commons 
Cafeteria on 'The Folly of the 
ABM.' We hope by these ac-
tions to increase awareness of 
the problems' and dangers in-
herent in the ABM and to en-
courage people to join us in 
writing lette rs to those U.S. 
Isenators who have shown them-

selves to be undecided about its 
deployment. 

For the first time in the histor y 
of U.S. miSSiles, the Senate is 
not rubber-stamping the 'saIety' 
proposals of an over-zealous 
Pentagon. There ar major di-
visions in the Senate over the 
issue. The irrational war in 
Viet Nam which keeps going on 
and on, the Pueblo incident--
these things have made the 
American public and the senators 
distrust the wisdom and integrity 
of the military es tablishment they 
once considered so reliable and 
for the first time, Senate sub-
committees are giv ing hearings 
to the testimony of scientists 
whose own views are adverse to 
those of the Pentagon. We feel 

Draft Information 
Booklet Reprinted 

Emmanuel Congregational Chc. Yale and the author , Mr. Gr if-
Graham n. Hodges , minister fiths of the Yale Law School fac-
Watertown, New York ulty, I am happy to announc~ that 

Yale University published an it is now available at the same 
excellent 72 page draft guide pr ices at which it sold so many 
last fall for its own students. thousands from the univer sity. 
Word got ou t and it was so pop - If you want to orde r a sample 
ula r nationwide that the thousands or quant it y , please use the order 
of orde rs received went far be- coupon below. One large univer-
yond the university's or iginal sity bookstore has ordered 1000. 
purpose in printing it. Other than Money must accom;lany orders 
supplying its own students, it de- to keep overhead costs down. 
cided to stop filling orde rs from 50~ each for 1 to 9; 40~ each 
outside. fo r 10 or more. Please pr int 

Rather than see such a popu lar your name, add ress , and include 
and va luable help for students go zip code. 
out of circulation, r decided to Sincerely yours , 
priLt It. By arrangement with Graham R. Hodges 
~ .................................. . 
• To: Graham R. Hodges • 
• Box 293 • 
: Watertown, New York 13601 : 

• • • • Please send •••• •.• ••• copies of THE DRA FT LAW to: • 
• • 
• • • Na me (piease print) • . ••••.•.••• •• •••• .• .•• • . • •• . •••• • .••• .• .••• • 
• • 
• • 
• • . Address ••••. •. ..• • .•••.....• • .••• .....• . •. •.• .. .•. •• •• • ••.• . • . • 
• • 
• • 
: City, State ...... . ..... . .... . . . .... . .... . . . ............. . . ... .. . . 
• • 
• • 
' ZIP . .. ................ Enclosed find $ . . ............. .. ........ : , ...................................• 

C amp algn got on the bus and said, 'Al- the while they are yelling at you, right, gentlement, we don 't want and pushing you every so often . 
any non-cooperation. Pick up We went through fou rteen 'sta-

that these circumstances make your envelopes and follow the tions,' which administered var-
the present hme u~ge~t!y a~- colored lines on the floor to ious tests-blood, ur ine, vision, 
propr late for e~ch mdivldual s your or ientation room.' This etc. The medical quality of the 
feelings to be VOiCed, and we feel guy followed my group around all physical examination is atro-
tha.t .this can he accomplished by day, hassling us. cious, inCidentally. 
writIng .letters- -as many of them The fir st stop was the orienta- Finally the whole thing is over , 
as po.sslble. . . lion room. Some skin-headed and you are gold by this grinning 

If . IS easy to. dISmISS a lett,er - Marine came in and told us how ogre that 'you have been found to 
wrltmg, campaign as a ~l11y d.o- to fill out our forms. Every- be qualified to ser ve in the US 
gooder ente rp rise which WIll body was hassling the 'guy, playing Army.' At this point, 1 was 
really have no effectiveness at really dumb. He had to repeat ready to draw and quarter the guy . 
ali. It is easy to .feel lost ~nd everything a couple of times, After getting checked out, they 
powerless in a grInding, unjust and really got pissed. So he gave you a terrible meal. 
and unde m.ocratic sy~tem and to said he was going to detain us We then got back on the bus 
withdraw mto a faCll.e ~heli of overnight 'for observation' if we about 3:00 p.m. and made our 
c!"ical inertia. But It IS more didn' t cooperate. He kept calling way back to San Diego. Some 
difflcu.It to feel power less and to us 'gentlemen.' I got to hate attempt was made to generate a 
kee? fighting anyw.ay! tokn~~that that word by the time we were conversation about the Vietnam indlvidua~ action IS InsignUlcant through. War and the draft in general, but 
but .to .shll demand to be heard. Next some dude from the army most of the people just seemed 
We belleve that peo~le must speak comes in, to give us ou r mental resigned to their eventual sub-
out. on the ABM Issue, and we tests to see if we're intellige nt mission to the system. Without 
beheve that letter s :-vill IJav~ a enough for the army. Questions a deferment, most orthese work-
cumulative, eff.ect ot In fiuence on like ' II you had six pears and sold ing people had little hope. 
the Senate s fmal vote. We ask three for a Quarter, how much 
for your help. would you have gotten if you sold 

Melinda Tehrer all six?' They gave us scratch They were hostile as hell to the idea of military service, and 
practically all seemed to think 
Amer ican involvement in Viet-
nam was wrong. But by and large 
they seemed to feel that they had 
no alternative to induction or 
enlistment. 

7 iMu '1fI fttte!t, 
'eattd ~ ta4eet 
Dear Editor, 

This time I am writing to you 
about s tandards of preporting. 
Sometimes, indeed usually, the 
T.T. articles are excellent. But 
the report by Paul Emus, on the 
recent Academic Senate meeting, 
was not. r heard most of the pro-
ceenings myse If, and I noted (as 
most of us did) that some of 
the things said by members of 
the faculty were sensible, and a 
few wer e siliy--and that the 
same could be said for the state-
ments by students. 

Emus , by his choice ot verbs 
and his use of ad jectival and ad -
verbal coloring, betrayed a bias 
which is sureiy not the business 
ot a good reporter. 

I know it's hard, but one should 
try to be not only factua l but also 
fair. The T. T. shou ld not s ink to 
the deplorable leve Is exhibited all 
too often by the San Diego Union 
and Tribune. 

Yours sincerely, 
GiaJU1a Oscuro 

paper so they could catch us If 
we cheated. Can you dig that? 
Cheat on a damn ar my inteUi-
gence test??? 

Anyhow, I couln' t resist the 
temptation to wr ite down the 
Schrdinger wave equation, and a 
few others from physics. 

After the test was over , this 
army guy gives us a pitch about 
enlisting, 'that's the smart thing 
to do.' So we asked him why he 's 
gc,t this coasting job at the in-
duction center instead of being 
overseas , and he said, ' I applied 
specially for this job. The 

That was the most depressing 
thing about it all- the feeling of 
absolute hopelessness, ofthe real 
sensation of having lost control 
over one 's own life, which once 
surrendered might never be re-
gained. The atmosph re inside 
the building, like th yellow LA 
smog Clutside, was slowly choking 
the life out of people. 

L·Z ON TV • • • 
"Lumumba- Zapata College -- Is It fur Real?" 

The controversy surrounding the third college at th University 
of Californ ia at San Diego will be explored on PETER KA YE'S PER-
SPECTIVE at 7:50 p. m. Sunday, May 18. 

rt will be repeated at 1' :00 p.m. Monday, May 19, on KEBS-TV, 
Channel 15. 

Demands of UCSD black and brown students and responses from 
faculty and admInistration spokesmen on the name nd purpose of 
the college will be ired. 

Kaye 's guests include Ch ncellor WlIilam 1cGIli nd Dr. Walter 
Munk, chairman 



\ 

.Pale 4 May 16, 1969 ~E.~t 
Sunshine Dogooders Border On Treason 

by Dr. John A. Geddes North Vietnam and by communists within South Vietnam, the United These questions and the state-
Acting Director, states, South Korea, Australia, and other countries responded to ments that preceded them seem so 

Career Educational Planning and Placement Center South Vietnam's call for help against this aggression. The price in fundamental they shouldn't even death and suffering that we and the South Vietnamese pay is great, be mentioned, but the basic as-
The time has come when another side of military recruiting on our the frustration of our citizenry is intense, but these costs are far less sumptions the left appear to use, 

college campuses should be presented. Across the nation groups of than the price exacted if we turn over South Vietnam to the communists. such as accusing the United states 
leftist college students, probably supported by professors, have pro- h • tested violently or under threat of violence military recruiting or The anti-Vietnam war critics never speculate on the genocide whic I of aggressive imperialism, deny would likely result from a communist victory. Somehow the facts the existence of the historical 
ROTC training programs. The people who have attacked these tra- that between 30 and 60 million Chinese were murdered after the record. 
dltlonal activities do so, I believe, from a very questionable position. communist take-over there and 15 million Russians slaughtered after U agitators, professors, and 

The following quotes which appeared in the April 4, 1969, issue of UCSO's Triton Times reflect the most visible attitude on this the Gommunists took over there never pass their lips or gets into admininstrators are dissatisfied print. with the war in Vietnam, they have 
campus toward military recruiting and the Vietnam qar. These The way the critlcs reinforce the attitude that it is wrong for our a legal and a democratic way of 
quotes tend to be less inflammatory than some I have read. They deservs challenge. The lead article on page 1 reads: side to kUl denies the reality of war itself. Few will disagree with trying to get their views across the critics when they say "war is hell." General Sherman said this to the electorate. The path is 

.•••• (1) The issue of genocide cannot be sep- in our own Civil War. Military men and civllians alike have been political activity in the com-
arated from that of military recruitment, and saying it eternally. munlty, not indoctrination of our 
genocide is a moral issue not subject to vote. . • • The question in any war is "What are the'alternatives?" It is youth in an environment that has 

On page 3, a guest editorial states: obvious that, If we immediately withdraw our troops from Vietnam, some characteristics of an idio-
At tbe root of the controversy is the qar In the communists will taRe over. Real genocide wUl probably result. logical monopoly. By that I 
Vietnam. By cooperating with the military in The anti-Vietnam war messages of the left which appear on our mean students tend to learn what 
providing men for its officer corps, the policy campuses are so biased in favor of North Vietnam that their content professors utter and student 
of allowing mUitary recruitment on campus Is appear to fulfill the criteria of military propaganda. For example, . newspapers write. The legiti-
essentially one of tacit approval for genocide replicas of the North Vietnamese nag have bP.en flown on our campus; mate path ends in the baUot OOX. 
In Vietnam. leftist groups have displayed pamphlets and written material ad-

The following quotes were also selected from this issue: vocating a North Vietnamese victory. 
To hold a referendum (student vote to continue We know that the Students for a Democratic Society have affiliated 
a university recruiting service with student funds) with communists. FBI Director, J. Edgar Hoover, has warned that 
on a question which is fundamentally that of the the SDS advocates the violent overthrow of our government. Theodore 
war in Vietnam is to grant that war a civility Draper concluded his book, "American Communism and Soviet Russia," 
it does not deserve. The brutality in Vietnam is 1960, on page 441, with tbe sentence, "Each generation had to dis-
not a question open to debate among reasonable cover for itself in its own way that, even at the price of virtually 
men. Nor is it open to a referendum .•.• The committing political suicide, American Communism would continue 
growth of the Defense Society is perhaps the most above all to serve the interests of Soviet Russia." 
dangerous threat to the possibility of establishing Recently propaganda against the military has' widened. Violent 
a free society. protests in the first part of April were conducted at Harvard, Colum-

The Career-Educational Planning and Placement Center's recrUlt- bia, and Stanford by leftist groups including the SOS. The April 4th 
ing service has become a target of anti-Vietnam war messages. issue of the Triton Times inferred the objective of protesting against 
Last year Dow Chemical recruiters at UCSD's placement center military recruiting or college administered reserve officer training 
were the prime target. This year the United States Marine Corps programs. In essence it is this: Colleges provide men for the officer 
and the other armed forces have been selected. corps of our armed forces. 

ReLu' '0 ant,·.V,·etnam War messages A psychological warfare objective of North Vietnam appears to be U to interrupt the flow of top quality manpower into our armed forces On our campus the rebuttals to anti-vietnam war messages have and to extinguish the will of the citizenry of this nation to support 
been few and far between. Many statements against the military have our government's military objectives in Vietnam. It appears evident 
never been challenged. that our campuses are our weakest link and a prime target area for 

Perhaps within the value system of an institution such as ours psychological warfare protagonists. 
which proclaims a reverence for academic excellence, the greatest U the anti-Vietnam war messages which are transmitted on many 
sin is to delete ali intelligent points of view. campuses are so obviously propaganda gambits, why haven't our college 

No more dramatic example of Triton Times bias can be found administrators and faculty senates acted as though they were dealing 
than the article appearing in the April 4th issue on the death of Dwight with psychological warfare protagonists? Because they haven't, I believe 
David Eisenhower. Only one major concept was emphasized, the danger it is time for citizens to exercise their ballot rights and require, if 
from our industrial-military complex. The article was brief. The it be the wlll of the majority, the removal of these protagonists from 
only words of Eisenhower cited were: our campuses with due process. The issue at stake may be a cloudy 

In the councils of government, we must guard shade of treason. 
against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, Who pa,s ,Le P,·per'. 
whether sought or unsought, by the military- n industrial complex. The potential for this disas- The sufferers in this quasi-military operation which shlfts from 
trous rise of misplaced power exists and will newspaper article to peaceful protest, to violent protest and acts of 
persist. raw insurrection are the military recruiters; the losers are the college 

And abOve the article on an inside page is a sketrl) of Martin Luther students who are influenced by the protesters. 
King. No picture of Eisenhower appears. Yet, when both Martin Luther Most of the recruiters such as Captain David Stout, USMC, have 
King and Robert Kennedy died, the papers carried volumes on these survived rugged combat in Vietnam. Many have survived battle wounds 
men, week after week. including Captain Stout. These recruiters who are usually of the 

Deserving as these men were, one cannot help but see the difference highest moral character are often ordered to our nation's campuses 
in treatment by the Times between Eisenhower and King-Kennedy. after combat tours. On some campuses they have been insulted, 
This kind of journalism has been replicated, I hypotheSize, on many threatened, and verbally abused. On occasions, their clothes and bodies 
campuses across our nation. [ hypothesize further that the initiators have been violated with urine, garbage, and trash. And, the offenders 
of these messages are almost exclusively left wing or liberal in their either go scot free or are mildly rebuked in most cases. Why? 
political-social value orientation. Some college students who are influenced negatively by the pro-

Why haven't the historians, the political scientists, the philosophers, testors lose the opportunity to learn leadership and management 
the humanists, or the faculty senate spoken out in rebuttal to the anti- skills in our armed forces--sk1lls which they can apply in a hundred 
Vietnam war messages or other political biases? This appears to me ways after their return to civilian life. Others lose the opportunity 
to be a vioiation of academic freedom. It also seems to be an indictment to learn a technical occupation. Most lose the opportunities to gain 
against the quality of academic excellence in the humanitie s and social self-confidence, a quiet pride in themselves and their country, and . 
sciences at UCSD. to develop an emotional maturity they might not otherwise attain. 

I am sure the answe rs to this why are complex. Research should be Many wlll lose an opportunity to develop a strong, mature patriotism. 
designed to find the discrete parts of the answer. I suspect it lies in The "sunshine do-gooders" of Revelle QUad at UCSD prociaim 
two areas: organizational expectations within the various organization- the lofty values of helping people, but the Marines in Vietnam regularly 
al structures of the university and the frequency of particular political- help vlllagers in real need, particularly women and children. Marines 
social value systems held by the majority of faculty and possibly others. give them food and clothing and bind their wounds. 

The most pervasive chuacteristic of campus-wide messages against The leftists seem to value boldness. [ talked to a Marine a few 
the Vietnam War is the way the writers or speakers criticize either days alter he had stood up on the fire swept stretches of the battered 
directly or by inference .he United States and South Vietnam for killing coral airstrip at Pelllieu Island and urged his men on to secure the 
soldiers in a military context and a relatively few civilians in an strip. The time was 1944. Similar acts of valor have been performed 
accidental context. The) rarely, if eve r, point out the far more geno- thousands of times by members of all our services and are happening 
cidal and atrocious aCI s of the Viet Cong and North Vietnamese. I daily in Vietnam. 
have never heard or reid of a left-oriented critic of the United States The leftists speak about discrimination while practicing it. In the 
involvement in the wal, eith,?r on campus or in the news , criticize Marine Corps there is nl) discrimination against race, color, or 
the way the Viet Cong )r North Vietnamese sOldit:lii crowrlPrl women religion. It is not the color of a man's skin, but his judgment, his 
and children before the n as a shield when they attacked. I have never courage, and his humanity that count. 
heard them cry genoc.de when "Charlie' swept into refugee camps Th '·'·t f 'h .,., Serf'·CeS 
aud barbarously slaugl tered una rmed men, women, and children. l eU , , , 0 e m, , ar, 
haY!:! never heard them cry. murder when Viet C~n~ and Nort~ Viet- Any society needs an armed force to protect itself from the se l!-
namese .assa~~lDs mlJrcer VIllage lead r ~ .. The cnhcs, by their one- interest goals of other societies that conflict with its own. This need 
Sided cnhcisml;, are outrageously hypocrillcal. has been apparent from the beginning of civilization. Those nations 

The Reality of War 
The left and very liberally oriented cntics of the Vietnam War 

seem to deny the reality of war. Milita' y force is really an extension 
of diplomacy which is used to achieve the goals nations consider to be 
of great national inter :, t. When the national interests o[ two or more 
nations conflict and one lI ses force to achi ve her goal, war occurs 
if the other nation resists arms with arms. 

For example, it was a vital self-interest goal [or this nation to 
preserve a non-c()mmunist government in South Vietnam and to help 
that country learn democracy. When South Vietnam wasattacked by 

which are nol strong militarily either don 't remain nations, become 
subservient to other nations, or submit to other forms of government . 

The whole history oC American foreign policy s ince 1900 has shown, 
Cor the most part, when judged in the light of the values and attitudes 
of the time, that we fight lor our ideals. Since 190 our ideals have 
includ d protecting the fr eedom of other peoples from encroachment 
by minority groups of totalitarians. We have also fought In retaliation 
against m11itary force used upon us. 

America has returned practically all land seized in its wars after 
the Mexican War, to the people who lived within the boundaries of the 
territory. What has Russia done s ince 1940? What has China done 
since 1950'1 What Is Cuba trying to do? 

Military men carry outforelgn 
policy; they don't make it. Our 
elected representatives make it. 
These elected representatives 
ar fair game for criticism. 
The radicals, the leftists, and the 
very liberal should debate them. 
They can talk back. In fact, 
that's why they are our repre-
sentatives. They did talk back 

There is no excuse for out 
educational leaders to be passive 
toward activists who are con-
forming successfully to North 
Vietnamese psychological war-
fare objectives. It is paradoxical 
that representatives of our own 
government, the armed services, 
are being forced from our cam-
puses while the left wing acti-
puses while the left wing activists 
and propagandists who champion 
the objectives of our enemies 
thrive in many places such as 
Columbia, UC Berkeley, and 
possibly UC San Diego. 

It appears to me that the 
Marines, Army, Navy, Air Force, 
and CIA have as much right to 
recruit on tax supported cam-
puses as peaceful students who 
qualify have to attend college. 
These tax supported institutions 
are an arm of the state which 
serves society. It is the re-
sponsibility of the state to pre-
serve and enhance our society 
as well as to educate it. 

Geddes, 
Again 

UCSD Break-I n 
Took Planning 

Editor, The Union : The bas· 
ic assumption against disc i· 
plining the HSU and MAYA 
students who broke into the 
UCSD Registrar 's Office was 
that they were "an emotional· 
Iy aroused group rather than 
a group of hard core mili-
tants ." 

I believe this assumption is 
erroneous. I invite both Ihe 
administration at UCSD and 
t he public to contact the Me· 
Clellan committee to find out 
the . pecific fflctS . 

,\ Iso, the stu den t s who 
broke in WNC nnmediately 
su pplied II ith blankets. \I iller 
and lond. That took planning . 

Any curriculum reforms [or 
minoritil''; should be bas d on 
the n(' cd~ of all black and 
brown people 

To rlt'l'atl' tlll' ~r militants to 
the slntus 01 shaping curricu· 
lum IS 10 Jnvite dominance b ' 
aiI'll·" Ing mililant minoril} 
II hieh advllcates msurr 'clion 
In aclllt'v' ils go~ls. 

JOH N A. G~:DDES . PH.D. 
La Jolla 

(R pr inted from the San Diego 
Union, 5/15/69) 

.~.!. May 16. 1969 '.&e 5 

Lumumba • An ExpreSSion of African Nationalism 
BY CLAYTON ANDERSON 

Patrice Lumumba was the first 
remier of tile Republic of the 
Congo, which gained indepen-
dence from Belgium in June 1960. 
TOO Be 19ian Congo had once been 
a byword for imperialist exploi-
tation and abuse. It was thus 
wllh its liberation that European 
colonialism in Africa met its 
f1nalend. 

Lumumba was the leader of 
the anti-colonialist forces in the 
Congo. Early in his career he 
was a member of the moderate 
Liberal Club, which advocated 
change within the system. 

Later, however, he founded the 
Mouvement National Congolaise 
(MNC) and organized various po-

liti~l associations among the 
tribes in the Congo. It was 
largely through the efforts of the 
MNC that the nationalist agitation 
was successIul in securing inde-
pendence from Belgium. 

As head of the new nation 
Lumumba faced perhaps th~ 
greatest difficulty of.any modern 
African leader. Tribal rivalry 
was often violent, the rate of 
illiteracy very high, trained offi-
cials and technicians scarce, and 
the entire national economy was 
at a standstill owing to the exodus 
of the Belgians. 

in the face of such conditions 
civil war erupted almost im~ 
mediately after independence. 
There were widespread mutinies 
in the army, and on July 11 , 
Lumumba's problems were mUl-
tiplied by the secession of the 
province '1<atange, from which 

. . . . . .. .............................................. . 

UCSD Drops Football 
The University of CaliIornia, 

San Diego announced today it 
has dropped intercollegiate foot-
ball from its list of sports after 
only one year of varsity compe-
tition. 

Dr. Ted Forbes, Chairman of 
the Department of Physical Edu-
cation, said the decision not to 
field a team next fall was based 
on the apparent Inability ofUCSD 

MUNK 
( Continued ) 

before coming to Cal Tech, where 
he took his bachelor and master 
of science degrees. 

Munk's current research, in 
partnership with Dr. Frank Snod-
grass, involves a unique method 
of measuring tides in the deep 
sea. Until recently, tides could 
be measured only close to shore, 
by means of measuring water 
leve I in a pipe. 

Now, with a highly sophisti-
cated pressure-measuring de-
vice that can be dropped to the 
bottom of the sea and then re-
trieved, through electronic-a-
coustic mechanisms, Munk and 
Snodgrass are able to record tidal 
change to within 1/50 of an inch 
in 15,000 leet of water. 

His latest work on deep sea 
tides, Munk points out, has no 
obvious practical application, al-
though the research is being fi-
nanced by the U.S. Navy, which 
has supported al L of his work 
since he was a graduate student. 

Munk has also distinguished 
himself as chairman of the Aca-
demic Senate for the current 
academic year. 

to interest a sufflcient number 
of students in the sport and 
difficulties in scheduling with 
other institutions adhering to the 
same amateur approach to col-
lege athletics which wouid give 
them a reasonable chance for 
victory. 

Only a small number of stu-
dents played varsity football last 
year and the indications for the 
coming season are that even 
fewer students wlll tryout for 
the team. A boycott of inter-
collegiate football by most UCSD 
players and the fallure of a 
recent student body referendum 
which would have granted finan-
cial assistance to athietes are 
among the reasons so few stu-
dents will participate in the sport. 

The question of awarding direct 
financial assistance, drawn ex-
clusively from private sources, 
to athletes Irrespective of their 
need was overwhelmingly de-
feated by a three to one vote by 
the UCSD student body during 
campus elections. 

The athletic boycott was 
brought about by the athletes in 
their attempt to change current 
athletic policy on campus. Twen-
ty-eight UCSD athletes signed a 
petition stating they would not 
partiCipate in sports during the 
1969-70 season If their demands 
wee not met. Another twenty 
signed as sympathetic to the 
cause. 

Among the demands listed were 
the addition of a physical edu-
cation major to the curricula of 
the Third College due to open 
in the Fali of 1970, a unit credit 
for all physical education classes, 
summer jobs to enable athlete s to 
pay for their room and board 
during the school year, proceeds 
from food concessions and ticket 
sales for the use of varsity 

sports, the allowing of priva e 
donors a more active role in 
supporting the UCSD athietic pro-
gram and the waiving of incidental 
fees for those athletes who are 
financing their own education. 

Forbes listed several addi-
tional reasons why so few stu-
dents turned out for football in 
tbe past. He said the heavy 
pressure of the academic work-
load keeps many students from 
participating in intercollegiate 
sports. Also, the crowded school 
day makes scheduling of practice 
sessions very difficult. Perhaps 
the most important reason, he 
said, is that UCSD is unable to 
attract many athletes who could 
b?ld their own academically, 
smce all other comparable in-
stitutions offer such students 
some kind of financial induce-
ment. 

He said that the experience of 
last year's season was that al-
though the UCSD team was able 
to play a strong first quarter, 
the physical drain of going against 
fresh replacements in the later 
quarters left them far behind 
in the scoreboard and greatly 
increased the probability of in-
jury. It would be irresponsible 
to allow students with lesser ath-
letic ability to play intercol-
legiate football because of the 
injury factor, he said. 

Forbes added that at some fu-
ture time when the prospect tor 
a team looks more hopeful, inter-
collegiate sports will continue 
collegiate sports will be resumed 
at UCSD. He said that the 
16 other intercollegiate sports 
will continue and tha.t 'playing 
as a member of a team on this 
campus should be for the sheer 
enjoyment of participation with 
no financla 1 rewards given nor 
expected by the athletes. ' 

came two-thirds of the nation's 
wealth. In August, part of the 
province of Kasai also seceded. 
These secessionist movements 
were inspired and financed by 
Belgian businessmen interested 
in retaining control ' over rich 
mining areas. 

To combat such attempts to 
subvert independence, Lumumba 
set out two courses of action. 
First, he announced a state of 
emergency which quickly became 
a state of martial law, and se-
condly he appealed for military 
aid from the United Nations. 

The UN Security Council re-
sponded by calling upon the Bel-
gians to withdraw their troops 
from the Congo, and authorized 
Secretary Dag Hammarskjold to 
give Lumumba military assis-
tance. A force of 16,000 UN 
troops was quickly assembled in 
the Congo, in an effort to quell 
the revolts in the provinces. 

By Autumn, the situation was 
precarious. At least two other 
persons besides Lumumba were 
claiming power-Moise Tshombe, 
leader of the Katanga revolt and 
in league with Belgian interests , 
and Joseph Kasavubu, an early 
opponent of Lumumba's militant 
anti-colonialism. The fighting 
between these groups grew in-
creasingly intense. 

Then, in February, 1961, Lu-
mumba was found dead. Most 
Africans believed he had been 
killed by reactionary forces on 
Tshombe's orders. Frantz Fa-
non, author of The Wretched of 
the Earth, has implicated the 
CIA In the murder. 

The political views of Lumum-
!xl emerged from his many 
speeches and writings. Like 
many other leaders in Africaand 
Asia, his first concern was free-
dom for his people. Ideology 
seemed to play only a secondary 
role. Concerning the rivalry be-
tween capitalist and communist 
nations he once said, 'for us 
there is only one group. We 
are not CommuniSts, Catholics, 
Socialists. We are African na-
tionalists. ' 

Fanon has claimed that it was 
Lumumba's uncompromising na-

, tinalism which led to his mur-
der. Fanon has assessed Lu-
mumba's significance in the fol-
lowing eulogy written at the time 
.of his death: 

'Because he embodied the con-
fidence that the Congolese people 
had placed in him, because the 
African peoples had confusedly 
understood that he alone was 
concerned with the dignity of his 
country, Lumumba nonetheless 
continued to express Congolese 
patriotism and African national-
ism in their most regorous and 
noble sense.' 

Then other countries much 
more important than Belgium or 
Portugal decided to take a direct 
interest in the question. Lumum-
!xl was contacted, questioned. 
After his trip to the United States 
the word was out: Lumum!xl must 
go. 

Why? Because the enemies 
of Africa had understood. They 
had realized quite clearly that 
Lumumba was sold - sold to 
Africa, of course. In other words, 
he was no longer to be bought. 

The enemies of Africa realized 
with a certain fear and trem-
bling that if Lumumba should suc-
ceed, in the very heart of the 
colonialist empire, with a French 
Africa becoming transformed in-
to a renovated community, an 
Angola as a 'Portuguese pro-
vince' and finally Eastern Afr Ica, 
U was all up with ' their' Africa 
for which they had very precis~ 
plans. 

Our mistake is to have be-
lieved the enemy had lost his 
combativeness and his harm-
fulness. It Lumumba is in the 
way, Lumumba disappears. Hes-
sitation in murder has never 
characterised impertalism. 

Look at Ben M'hidi, look at 
Moumle, look at Lumumba. Our 
mistake is to have been sllghty 
confused in w!\at we did. It is a 
fact that in Africa today, traitors 
exist. They should have been 
denounced and fought. The fact 
that this is hard alter the mag-
nificent dream of an Africa ga-
thered together unto itself and 
subject to the same requirements 
of true independence does not 
alter facts. 

Africans have endorsed the 
imperialist policy in the Congo, 
have served as intermediaries 
have sponsored the activities and 
the odd silences of the UN in 
the Congo ...... 

Today they are afraid. They 
vie with one another in shedding 
crocodile tears round the tomb 
of Lumumba. Let us not be 
fear of the principles. The im-
perialists too are afraid. And 
they are right, for many Afro-
Asiatics have understood. The 
imperialists are going to pause 
for a while. They are going 
to wait for the 'righteous in-
dignation' to calm. We must 
take advantage of this brief res-
pite to abandon our fearful ap-
proaches and decide to save the 
Congo and Africa ..... 

For no one knows the name of 
the next Lumumba. There is 
in Africa a certain tendency re-
presented by certain men. It 
is this tendency, dangerous for 
imperialism, which is at issue. 

~t us be sure never to torget 
It: the fate of all of us is 
at stake in the Congo.' 

U .8. MARINE CORPS 

representative, "il.PUUI 
located at the Career-Educational Planning and 
Placement Center, BuUding 250 Matthews Cam-
pus. Interested students it iny academic level 

call extension 2410 for an appointment. 



\ 

UCSD FIESTA DE LA GENTE 
FIESTA SCHEDULE 

1 :00 P.M. FIESTA BEGINS Revelle Plaza 
1:00 · 1:30 OSCARAM EZCUA MARIACHI PERFORMANCE 

2:00 · 2:30 ESTUDIANTINA DE LA PAZ PERFORMANCE 

3:00 · 3:15 WELCOMING CEREMONY 

3:15 · 3:30 BREAKING OF THE PINATAS 

4:00 · 4:30 BALLET FOLKLORICO DE TECATE PERFORMANCE 

8:00 P.M. EVENING PERFORMANCE UCSD Gym 

BALLET FOLKLORICO DE TECATE 

OSCAR AMEZCUA AND HIS MAGIC VIOLINS 

Julius Wechter and The Baja Marimba Band 

OTHER SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS INCLUDE: 
ROSTROS DE MEXICO Photographic Art Exhibit by Bernice Kolka, Balero Contest, The Variodades Kineticas arts 

and crafts show including Banners, Structural Sculpture, Gallery of Images, Market Place and Kite Construction and 

flying contests. 
Authentic Mexican Food, Strolling Mariachis, flower and balloon vendors, Cajeta, Pan Dulce and many other surprises!! 

r~- I( ---..---..-.-...--.-.. ~, I ic i?~ ~ >r 
I t , ONE PESO / 

~ , 
t , ~ # 

t ~ ~ # ~ § . , 
I t 

~~. .'\..~ 
ASUCSD Fiesta 1I la Geni e t I 

I ~ Coupon must be used in ~ I 
I t 

conjunction with two pesos 
Saturday Ma~ 24, 1969 t , 

, t Revell£> Plaza \- 5 ~ ..... " Jli . , ~ ~ I iC # ~ t I ~ 
I ! / ONE PESO ~ ~ ! I ~ L.~ ~ .. 

::li . ~. 

, . 

, , 

, . 

FIESTA SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS 

ell ,II. students ~f UCSD 'ui'~ 'T? 
THE "APPE"'''' il f~. f,.ifion of Art Kaprow, eas' side of gym · 7:30 

BONfIRE (ElEBH TING THE BURNING Of PREJUDICE also 
ANOMOlY fACTORY presentation and REVEllE PLAZA DANCE · 7:30 • • • 

S~7UI<Z)~lI ?ltl'l1l24 
JULIUS WECHTER 

AND 
THE 

BAJA MARIMBA BAND 
• In concert 8:30 

,;ciets in Arts & lectures 
AS office · 



\ 

Ciarlie Min us 

M.ay 16, 1969 

. .. 

1IUt4te, 

"Serious Enough" for UeSD? 
by Sandra Dijkstra 

Charles Mingus, born in Nogales, Arizona, attempted to Mdefrock the uncleanscenesbehindtbel 
brought up in Watts, played at Town Hallin 1964, present day major record industry: Tbat theynever I 
at Monterey in 1965, and at UCLA in 1965. It is a seem tocountright. -He chargedthem--"the Man's I 
testimony to the hypocrisy of our society that it a born thief ••• • and opened his own record compa- \ 
could have been claimed then that "Monterey be- ny to sell his own records. 
longed to Charles Mingus this year,· by the media Charles Mingus Enterprises has produced sever-
and that Mingus could have thereafter virtually al albums but they can't be distributed and you 
disappeared from both the public eye and ear. must write for them. An effective way of silencinC 

It says something about the white blinders we the angry Mingus was thus foun~ll the record 
all wear that the unive rsal Committees of Arts execs had to do was to refuse to change their ways. 
and Lectures at UC and elsewhere have never "The American society into which jazz was born 
seen fit to show interest in this great musician. has made it almost impossible for the serious 

It "took Monterey six years to invite Mingus jazz musician to be taken seriously for his music, 
out, but when they did, he made up f?r lost time. (says Ralph Gleason). Stereotype and misconcep-
Not only was his composition the most single tion have made Duke Ellington a strangely per-
outstanding event of the festival, but his own bass verse and hidden genius, with dozens of skins 
playing was so tar past what anyone else does, that to shed before he stands out real, except In his 
it was out of sight. music. Prejudice, musical and otherwise, have 

The audience was emotionally spent when it was done the same sort of thing to Monk with a dif· 
all over • said the San Francisco Chronicle. News ferent, but none the less deepset effect. 
papers ~d magazines from "TIme" to the "New Of the three,--Duke, Monk, and Mingus who 
York Times· acclaimed Mingus. Then Mingus comprise Jazz' major line of composition--
packed up, went home to N. Y.C. and the last we only Mingus has struck back verbally and musi-
heard he was evicted from his fiat, his bass con- cally In a tough-minded musical rebuttal." Andre Kole bUled as one of America's leadtng UlUS10D1sts , appeared 
fiscated by the N.Y.C. police. Mingus has worked with 3. surprising variety lin the Rev'elle cafeteria last Tuesday. His excellent performance 

How does it happen that a man whose genius of musicians; Louis Armstrong, Kid Ory, Lionel .was sponsored by Campus Crusade for Christ. 
. is equal to that of his great teacher, Duke Elling- Hampton, Charlie Parker, Stan Getz, Duke Elling-
ton can thus dissapear into obscurity? Easy. ton. Bud Powell, Max Roach, and Art Tatum. WIS' DoeuDlenta , Th~ Committee of Arts and Lectures doesn't con- He has been instrumental in devel~piI}g the talents 
sider him'serious enough' to be culture (although of such men as Eric Dolphy, Jackie McLean, 
Brandeis University commissioned him to com- Joth0hnersHan. dy, Booker Ervin, Yusuf Lateef and W,ens A eadem, Award 
pose a jazz piece, back in 1957, atter which 
critics promptly awarded him a place among the The titles of his albums and compositions attest 
greats of avant-garde jazz), and they therefore to the range and depts of his interests and imagin- 'Journey Into Self ' adocumen- . 
expect the AS to invite him as -entertainment.· ation: "The Fables of Faubus~ (which Columbia I tary film produced' by the Wes- The fUm presents the personal . experiences of eight people who 

participate in a group encounter 
session led by psychologists Dr. 
Carl Rogers (Ph.D.) and Dr. 
Richard Farson (Ph.D.). 

But Mingus doesn't fall into that bag either. And "cleaned up. before r~leasing it to make it poUti- tern Behavioral Sciences 1nst1-
since he's an American black, not Nigerian cally pure), "All the things you could be by now If tute (WBSI) in La. Jclla has been 
or anything fancy like that, it doesn't look as If Sigmund Freud's wife was your mother," MDon 't named winner of the' Academy 
he 'll ever be invited under the circumstances let it Happen Here,~ "Pithecanthropus Erectus· Award for 1968 in the feature-
he deserves . and "Mingus Dynasty" are just a few. length documentary category. 

And yet the Chronicle said of him, "Mingus per- Perhaps it's time for UCSD to widen its "cullural The announcement was made by 
McGaw said the situation is 

very unique. "We know what it 
feels like to lose and now we 
know what it feels like to win. 
What pleases me most is that it 
looks like the top people in the 
communications field are giving 
recognition to whatthe behavioral 
sciences have to say." 

sonified Ellington's comment that no serious musi- entertainment" offerings to include some original Motion Picture Academy Presi-
cian is as serious about his music as a serious artists, the ones whose ideas Gary Burton, Charles dent Gregory Peck who said the 
jazz musician. - Lloyd, Canned Heat, Cream (and Stravinsky, for ~hat previously annoWiced winner, 

Mingus has recorded for RCA Victor, Atlantic, matter) exploited. It is only within terril.onal 'Young Americans ' hadbeendis-
United Artists, Mercury, Savoy, Candid, Fantasy, America that jazz (Black Music, because the white . qualified. ' 
Impulse, and Columbia. After several dozen record- man has only imitated it) is trdated like its creators: Wllliam McGaw, producer and 
ings and very little money to show for them, Mingus as second class. director of 'Journey Into SeU,' 

accepted the Oscar from Peck 

Art Contest Part of Fiesta May II 1n Hollywood. McGaw is director of commWlications at the Western Behavioral Sciences 
Negotiations are underway to 

present the documentary as a 
network television special, Mc-
Gaw revealed. He said the film 
is already being distributed on . 
a rental basis to college psy-

Spr ing breezes are expected the faculty wives organization of 
through the pleasant grassy UCSD, " Oceanids", will present 
spaces near Revelle Plaza on as their contribution to "Fiesta 
May 24 from one until five wilen de la Gente" an aJIIlual art show 

Need More Time To Do Your Thing ? 

READI N G DYNAMICS 
CAN HELP YOU BY FINALS! 

See a free Presenta'io. at the • • . 
.t .. p.((" 1 ... l i lltlt 

71$$ 1 .. _~t 
S lUt. 212 

... '~;s Tbursd., at 8-15 p.",. 
,.' S ... "Dtq. .. 4 ~Mt rrtSH,.'itI S( •• 4.lts, till 223-7174 

Institute. 
It was the first time a film 

to be called "Varlodades Kine- produced In San Diego has won (Cont'd. on page 9, col. 3) ticas" • 
In the past entries have ge-

nerally included only ceramics 
and paintings to be displayed and/ 
or sold. 

To more fully involve all the 
campus community (students and 
all employee families are eligi-
ble) three new jurled classes 
were made with particular 
emphasis on providing an oppor-
tunity for people to create in 
a varied number of ways works 
to displayed out-ot-doors. 

The three new classes which 
should be especially enhanced by 
breezes, space and trees are 
as follows: 

1. Kites . These entries are 
to be previous ly made by the ex-
hibitor(s). A fl ying contest will 
climax the afternoon for kite en-
thu siasts with a special prize 
for the best entry. 

He Ipful hints about kite-making 
materials and instruction are 
available through Mrs. Thomas 
Nee, 545 Avenida Primavera 
in Del Mar, 92014. Enclose a 
self-addressed stamped envelope 
with the request and she will 
return the envelope with a two-
page source of kite information. 

2. Banners. This c lass will 
be of special importance to the 
color and spirit of the fiesta 
and is to Include stitchery and 
weaving. Banners can be made 
of any mater ial and color the 
exhibitor(s) dee ms appropriate 

(Continued on page nine) 

an Oscar. 

-ZAP , . 
Perhaps there is yet hope for the forces of humanism to triumph 

over the outrageous, capitalist cutthroats. It appears that finally 
the San Diego community of freaks, musical activists and the general 
rWi of the mill hippie and pinko crowd has someplace to go beside 
Pagni to get music and top quality entertainment to dig. I don't 
think that I have to construct heavy arguments about why Pagni 
isn't cool. But suffice it to say at his concerts there are almost 
as many SDPD pigs and security guards as there are people in the 
audience which luckily get to sit in the fantastic folding chairs 
of the Community Concourse with no possibility of doing any kind 
ot freak thing at all. Goodwin of the Pagni company has told me 
that the only way to get big name acts down here Is to have a big 
crowd and the concourse is the only place that will hold such a 
crowd. However, the good vibes happening at San Diego State over 
the last weekend seems to shoot all semblance of validity out of that 
argument. 1 have also heard that the people who put the gig together 
paid out only half of what Pagni would and has paid the same bands. 
Wake up big Jim, your plastic is starting to become transparent. 

Besides the occasional groovy concerts put on out at State there 
are now two places where music evenings can be spent. For your 
money you get some fioor and even some room to move around. The 
places are The United Fruit Group (University and Central) and the 
Palace. The Fruit group helped put on the Sunday thing at state 
and are featuring John Lee Hooker and the Mugwumps from L.A. 
this weekend. Support the Group if only to keep a good thing going 
in S.D. Also, the week after, Mudd from UCSD will be there with 
Framework and there is high hope that Jimi Hendrix will show for 
a special set on Saturday night as sort of a personal screw Pagni 
thing. 

Also, smaller but still good is the Palace down on Pa.cific Highway 
near the MCRD which is a good place to go if you like to dance. 

The time has come for music freaks to raise their hands and 
their coin in rhythm to join in the continuing struggle to raise the 
standards of life in this country and to destrov .... capitalist dogs. 

By L.B. & K.C. 

. -

r .. 

May 16, 1969 Page 9 

A.e.T. 
One of the Best in. the Country 

By Larry Johnson 
"We were given alternatives, but not choices. ' For the tirst five minutes of the play we don't 

In that line, playwright Tom Stoppard sums up know which one is which, and it never really 
much of the modern feeling of anguish occasioned matters. As any mathematician will tell you, 
by the world and its often incomprehensible ways. zero equals zero. Their problem does not neces-
Like "Hamlet", by which it is inspired, "Rosen- sarily lie in the irrationality of the events around 
crantz and Guildenstern Are Dead" is an arresting them. Seen from the perspective of "Hamlet", 
play because it strikes a cord with our innermost they make plenty of sense. 
natures, our fears, and our problems with the The fault lies in themselves for not being able 
world. to cope with anything, for not being anything. 

Stoppard's great conception lies in showing great "There must have been a time back at the be-
events from the zilch point of view, and Rosen- ginning," says GUildenstern, "when we could 
crantz and Guildenstern are two of the zilchiest have said no, but somehow we missed it." Maybe 
characters in literature, both practically and all they needed to do was to Wlderstand and to 
morally. They are caught up in the swirl of events exist. 
around them, understand none of It, and are able The somewhat surrealistic nature of the play 
to affect none of it. effectively puts over the schizophrenic nature of 

On a recent trip to San FranCisco, I was witness the world of the title non-characters. Their stumb-
to a production of the Drama Critic's Award Ungs are the occasion for a lot of excellent humor, 
winning play, by the American Conservatory Theat- though I believe a primary fault is that the play-
er. In the mere two years of its existence, A.C. T. wright brought In some extraneous humor to re-
has already established itself as one of the top lieve the basically tedious nature of the drips. 
repertory companies in the cOWitry, i1 not the Milton and Kerr were very good as Rosen-
very top. This production was worthy of their crantz and Guildenstern and Ken Ruta was excel-
fine reputation, and it would have been worth lent as the Chief Player who provides a rather 
the trip for that alone. Mephistopholean running commentary. 

The performance opened with James Mitton In the venerable neo-Victorian Geary TheateI'-
and Philip Kerr, as the title characters pitching everything in San Francisco seems to be neo-
coins and trying futilely to get a grip on some- VictoriaIl-Qt the corner of Geary and Mason 
thing while waitL'lg for something to happen. They streets, A.C. T. puts on some of the best theater 
come to Elsinore, get involved in the various in the country. A block from the Cable Cars in 
events, get shuffled around and, eventually, die. the heart of the Downtown area, the theater is 
All of this without ever being able to relate with handy to everything. 
anything. The intellectual epicure will find some of the 

In the background we recognize the familiar best restaurants and watering holes in the world 
events of "Hamlet" going on, and sometimes we within a brief walk, or perhaps a short cable car 
hear a distorted echo: "When will it all end, ride. Wine, women, and song, of all varieties, 
that is the question" , asks Rosencrantz. and a fine evening of theater, are easily com-

Much of the play deals with the nature of binable to suit any taste. 
death. Death, apparently, is ceasing to have effect A.C. T. runs all year around. "Rosencrantz 
in the world, but Rosencrantz and Guildenstern and Guildenstern Are Dead' runs until the end of 
never really affected anything anyway. To avoid June. U you can get up there by then, don't miss 
being dead, what one had to do is live. it. 

CPE T ells You How 
To Get a Class 

As any student knows, talk is 
cheap. CPE finds that as much 
as anyone else, students ar~ 
cheapskates . With all of the 
cries for ne w courses last De-
cember, one would have expected 
more students to get off their 
asses and hustle the courses 
that they want. 

CPE, in the hopes of spurring 
some concer n about the quality 
of educd tion that the a v~ r>lge 
student gets , is going to tell 
you how to get a class you might 
want. 

U you want to initiate your own 
cour'ie , and get full academic 
credit, and ge t that course im-
mediately, the best way to go is 
to find a professor willing to 
supervise your studies in an in-
dependent s tudy 199 or an under -
graJu;(te seminar 198. In this 
way you can hand pick the .,(11-
r!;>: \:; ; \ VI) .!': '; h ;; L1 1 Ii m it 
the enrollment in the class to a 
reasonable 6 to 10 persons. CPE 
will help you find a professor 
interested In your field of in-
terest. 

U you want to initiate your 
own course, and want that course 
offered to the campus at large , 
you have two possibilitie::; to 
pursue. First, one car: work 
through the faculty sub-commit-
tee on Courses of Contemporary 
Social Concern. The professors 
on that committee will help you 
set up the course. 

Another r oute is to come to 
CPE and we will try to set up 
a saleable course, and like the 
faculty sub-co.mmittee, we will 
submit the course to the pro-
vost's offices and see if the pro-
vost will buy it. We could also 
take the course to a department 
chairman and see if he wiII buy 
it. Both ot these methods take 
tim and the course mllst be set 
up about a halt quarter in ad-
vance. 

Finally, If you see a course 
in the Extension catalong you 
would like to take there are twu 

ways you could go about this. 
First you could go to your pro-
vost 's office and obtain permis-
sion to have the Extension course 
count as elective credit toward 
a degree, but it would not be in-
cluded in your GPA, and you 
would have to pay the Extens ion 
tuition. It is possible that you 
could get financial aid to take the 
course. 

The alternate method is to get 
a professor to give yo u a 199 
in which you audit (for free) 
and Extension course. The pro-
fessor can then set his own 
criteria for grading you, say a 
term paper on a topic discussed 
in the Extension course, and not 
only will this count as credit 
toward a degree, but could also 
be included in your GP A. 

These are the opportunities 
open now for expanding your 
curriculum. If you have any fur-
ther comments or suggestions, 
see your provost, or us in the 
CPE office 250 MC. 

Art Contes' 
Part of fies'a 
(Continued from page eight) 

for an entry to be hung and 
lifted in the breeze. 

3. Structural Sculpture. Sta-
ble or mobile sculpture is we l-
comed in the class. Wind chimes, 
mobiles and sculpture of any ma-
ter ial a practicing artist or ad-
ve nturesome individual or group 
assembles are acceptable in this 
class. 

The non- jur ied classes wlll be 
" Galler y of Images" for people 
within th univerSIty com munity 
who have paintings , collages, or 
pr ints to display/se ll and " Mar-
ketplace' for display/sale of 
ce rmaics and other crafts. Th 
latter class is also open to those 
who hav d monstralions orcran 
skill to pres lit . 

WIS. Oscar 
(Cont'd. from page 8) 

chology departments. 
"Film release through national 

theaters is aiso being con-
sidered;' he said. 

"We are interested in showing 
people how they can communicate 
more deeply and fully with other 
human beings in their lives and 
this film does that," McGaw said. 

'Everyone, in their own way 
suffers from some personal lone-
liness and alienation. Thus the 
emotional impact of seeing r ea l 
people being real and coping with 
this aspect of their lives , evokes 
a strong sense of identification 
for an audience when they see 
the film," McGaw added. 

The 47-minute documentary is 
a synopsis of more than 16 hours 
of videotape recorded during a 
two-day encounter workshop. 

The sessions were held at San 
Diego State College. 

McGaw said that his next film 
project for the Institute will be 
the recording ofa basic encounter 
group made up of young student 
leaders from all over the world, 
including Iron Curtain countries . 

The students will be screened 
to se lect those who will be future 
decision-makers in their own 
country, 

"The goal of the project is to 
Increase international under-
standing through the unique com-
mWlications potential of the en-
cOWiter group;" McGaw said. 

'We hope to arrange world-
wide distribution of the multi-
national film through UNESCO 
or another international org-
anization," McGaw added. 

L-Z (Continued from page one) 
LZC would \)e extremely critical, 
and that its program of studies 
must be carefully considered. 

Pervading the entire commit-
tee is the fee ling that many of 
the concepts unde rlying Rev lie 
and Muir should be ignored. 
Members of the com mitt e felt 
that the concept of cour s lasting 
for a full quarter , or the Idea 
of a humanities sequance of study, 
could be discarded by th new 
coIl ge. 

La Jolla High Students 
Present Demands 

La Jolla, much to the surprise 
of its residents, seems to have 
developed a home-grown version 
of the campus disorders that are 
currently sweeping the country. 
This does not r efer to any recent 
protest action at the university 
up on the hill, but to La Jolla 
High School, patronized by the 
sons and daughters ofthe 'jeweled 
city,' 

Last April 28, Principal Chas. 
Clawer was presented with a 
list of sixteen 'demands' and 
three 'requests.' The list is 
now Wldergoing careful study by 
the school's administration and 
faculty. 

The nature of the W action 
is interesting in the context of 
the various protest actions one 
observes every evening on the 
news programs and in the morn-
ing papers. The W students 
were careful to define what they 
meant by the term 'demand.' 

The preamble to the document, 
which was accompanied by three 
pages of explanations , read as 
follows; 'One definition of 'de-
mand' is something asked for by 
right, and this is the basis for 
our demands. We recognize that 
we are being denied our rights, 
and we demand to have these 
rights. A right cannot be com-
promised, thus we cannot com-

promise our demands for these 
rights.' 

Thd preamble concludes on a 
somewhat more humble note: 'We 
request that each demand and its 
explanation be considered se-
riously and thoughtfully, so that 
a just conclusion about the faults 
or values can be r eached.' 

The demands include the right 
of peaceful assembly on campus 
outs ide of class time, the r ight 
to determine speakers atassem-
blies and voluntary attendance 
there, the r ight to publish and 
distribute any material (not libel-
ous or obscene), and student 
representation on all organiza-
tions concern ing students . The 
students also demand a Student-
Faculty disciplinary Board, full-
time counselors, abolition of 
dress and grooming regulations, 
new classe s in areas of st udent 
inter est, and ' the incorporation of 
the literature and history of Non-
European peoples into the present 
curriculum. 

To back up the legitimacy of 
their demands, the students cite 
the United States Constitution, 
speCifically referring to the fir st 
and fift h amendments. Theyalso 
base the ir de mands on their 
' r ight and responsibility to obtain 
the best and most relevant edu-
cation possible. ' 

Joi~ our graduates • • 

originally went to Lexicon looking for 
vocabulary improvement to help me in 
my Ph.D. pragram. I had also me t 
Johnson O'Connor and was impressed 
with him personally. 

I found the course thoroughly en joyable 
and particularly valuable as a pa inless 
way to study. My work load at schoo l is 
so demanding thot Lexicon's d ire ct, 
individualized approach with no papers, 
no homework , etc . is a rea I short.cut 
to learning . 

I measured a sizeabte improvement in 
vocabulary level , but other th ings hap. 
pened that are at least as important: 
I'm more aware of language; I th ink I 
speak with more precis ion , which a id s 
canversation with my more li terate 
friends and assoc iates. I know I' m 
a more discriminating listener. 

DENNIS KOZLOW 
Vice.Princi pa l 

Le xicon offers a practical and proven plan {or 
vocabulary building using Non- Linear Systems' 
new audio-visual equipment. 

The fifteen programs range from elementary 
school level through the highest levels nd are 
the results of 46 years of research. 

Each student starts at his own level and prr -
ceeds at his own pace. The average improv r.lent 
has measured in excess of four years (or grade 
levels) for the ten week course. 

Open Mon. / Thur. Until 8 1- Fri./Sat. Until I:xtlau '10ft 
• • 

LEXICON 
ACHIEVEMENT THROUGH LEARNING 

TElEPHONE 755·3064 
SUI E I>. 1150 CA MINO DEl MAR 

DEL MI>.R CALifORNIA 92014 

• 



.Pa,. 10 

'Fiesta 
For many years several peoJ:le 

of the UCSD community have been 
concerned about the gap between 
the San Diego community and the 
University of California at San 
DiegQ. These communities fr e-
quently interact when involved in 
touchy political or social issues, 
but seldom does the Univers ity 
attempt t o involve the public in 
a fun activ ity at UCSD. Finally a 
campus group decided that the 
time had come! 

The idea was generated by a 
student s uggesting a campus-
wide Mardi Gras and was tossed 
around. It first was transformed 
into an old fashioned Renais-
sance Fa ir, and then suddenly 
the realization thut this would 
lend itself to San Diego's 200th 
Anniver sary if it ran along a fi-
esta theme. Realizing that the 
public should be invited, we de-
dicated the name to all of San 
Diego, its visitor s, and the Uni-
versity by naming it "Fiesta 
de la Gente,' translated to mean 
"Celebration of'for the People". 

We sincerely hope that this 
may serve as an opportunity to 
have a fun, pleasurable and live-
ly afternoon, as well as to create 
better bonds of understanding be-
tween the University and the com-

On May 17, at 8:30 pm, at 
the site of the bonfire, students 
and friends will meet and be 
and friends will meet and 
be given paint, paint brushes , 
chicken wire, hammers, nails, 
paper mache materials, wood, 
boxes, paper and other pertinent 
building materials, as well as 
old posts, stairs, and anything 
else deemed worthy of being 
burned in the bonfire. 

The foundation for the bonfire 
will have built that afternoon by 
Mrs . Forbes and the rest of 
the bonfire committee. 

Hopefully, many people will 
show up that night to complete 
the bonfire structure . Student 
initiative and creativity will de-
termine if the structure is to 
be successfully symbolic. 

Also, at the " Happening" free 
cokes and coffee will be provided 
for the workers, and it is hoped 
that a trand can be obtained to 
add to the excitement. 

The day before the Fiesta a 
group of administrator s and s tu-
dents will travel down to Ti-
juana in several cars , to buy 
thousands of interes ting little 
booth prizes, hundreds of 
sombreros , pinatas, candy and 
sweetbread, and to buy $2000 
worth of pesos to be used in 
the Fies ta to add to the authen-
ticity. 

Al l game and food booths will 
be decorated according to the 
Fie!;ta theme and a prIze shall 
be offered for the most or iginal 
design. All booth workers will 
be cos tu med in tradil ional Mex-
ican dress . 

OceaOld s will al so sponsor a 
kite contest for that afterr oon. 

A group of bilingual l CSC 
girls will serve as hos tesse ; for 
the community as we ll as the 
entertaining group!; fr om Me nco. 

Invitations to the dlgnit~ ri s 
to appear 10 the official ceren nv 
will be written in the old !: ;Jan ~ 
ish style, on parchment SCi" ) 015 . 

The week will be procJa med 
by Mayor Curran as "lCSD 
Fiesta de la Gente Week. ' 

Even the UCSD policemen ,"lave 
offered to get into the spirit of 
the ce lebration by weanng MeXI-
can Federal uniforms . 

The burning of 'El Viejo 
Prejuicio' wUl take place at 7: 3D, 
Friday, May 23, in a cleared 
area east of the Gym. The 
Fiesta Queen, the girl winner 
of the Beauty and the Beast con-
test, will light the bonfire struc-
ture at 7:30, P.M .. thus signi-

May 16. 1969 

fying the beginning ·of the Fiesta 
de la Gente . There will possibly 
be, at the time of the burning 
of the bonfire, a presentation 
by a drama group in line with 
the theme of the bonfire, pre-
judice. Basically, the idea is 
to burn the huge structure, which 
is to be built a t a 'Happening' 
the preceding week, to s ymbolize 
the burning of one's frustrations 
and pre judice, thus ensuring a 
worthwhile Fiesta experience for 
all. The Universit y Folk Dan-
cer s will lead a Mexican Ring 
dance around the fire . Only the 
general UCSD community is in-
vited to this activity. Alter the 
bonfire has burned to completion, 
approximately 1 hour, there will 
be a plaza dance in the Revelle 
Plaza. 
~ 

This campus- wide event is to 
begin at about 8: 30 in the Re-
velle Plaza. We plan to have 
both a Mexican band and a local 
rock group supplying music. De-
corations include a huge pinata 
to be broken by the students. 

Suturday, May 24 
Today is the Fiesta to which 

all of San Diego is most cor-
dially invited. The carnival 
activities begin at 1:00 P.M. with 
the opening of a multitude of 
booths on the Revelle Plaza. 
There will be food booths, game 
booths, and cultural exhibits. 
Authentic Msxican foods will be 
supplied by Old Town 's famous 
Casa Blanca; enchiladas, tacos, 
tamales, tostados, Spanish rice 
and other popular dishes Our 
UCSD Coffee Hut is providing 
a booth which will sell MexIcan 
candies, (cajetas), s weetbread, 
(pan dulce) and the traditional 
corn (maiz) on the cob. There 
will also be a great variety of 
game booths for the youth and 
the more daring adults. Tradi-
tional booth games of Mexico such 
as the Peso Pitch, the Heel 
Toss, Bolero, and Arros, as 
well as traditional Californian 
games such as Balloon Darts , 
Fish Pond and a Dunking Booth 
will be central attractions. CuL-
tural exhibits include a special 
photographic study of Mexican 
faces, and many other art dis-
plays to be sponsored by the 
Oceanids, a group of faculty 
wives, which include ceramics, 
paintings, sculptures and ban-
ners. (For further information 
see attached page, entitled 'Cul-
tural Exhibits. ,) 

Other unusual features include 
venders; pretty senoritas will 
sell you a fresh carnation and pin 
it on you with a kiss . Men will 
be str olling weighted down by 
hundreds of big sombreros, or 
floating around trying to keep 
their feet on the ground while 
selling colorful balloons. All 
articles must, of course, be pur-
chased with real pesos, so we 
will have an exchange booth where 
dollars may be changed for 
pesos. 

At 1: 00 there will be a Mar-
iachi performance by the famous 
Oscar Amezcua, and Mariachis 
will be constanliy s trol!1ng th .. 
plaza all afternoon, playing you 
favorite Mexican tunes upon re-
quest (if you can speak Spanish!) 

At 2:00 Estudiantina de la Paz, 
a children's s inging group from 
Tijuana will perform. 

The oCCicial welcoming cere-
mony will take place at 3:00, 
with dignitaries from Tijuana, 
San Diego and the Univers ity to 
speak briefly. The ceremony 
w!ll end with the release of hun-
dreds of balloons, and an official 
pinata breaking. 

Ballet Folklorico will perform 
at 4:00. 

The grand performance to cul-
minate the day 's lively activities 
will be a concert by the Baja 
Marimba. band. Tickets will be 
sold previous to the date of 
performance. Oscar Amezcua, 
Magic Violin and Ballet Folk-
lorico, will supplement this even-
ing performance which promises 
fantastic entertainment to appeal 
to all age levels. The concert 
will be held at the UCSD Gym-
nasium, and should be over by 
10:30. 
~ 

There will possibly be, at the 
ti me of tbe burning of the bon-
fire, a pr esentation by a drama 
broup in line with the theme 
of the bonfire , prejudice. Basi-
cally, the idea is to burn the 
huge str uct ure, which is to be 
bui It at a " Happening' the pr e-
ceeding week, to symbolize the 
bur ning of one 's fr ustrations and 
prejudice, thus ensur inga worth-
while Fiesta exper ience for a ll. 

UCSD FIESTA 
DE LA GENTE 

. WE WON~T GO! 
WASHINGTON (CPS~More 

than 250 student body presidents 
and campus newspaper editors 
have signed a statement opposing 
tbe Vietnam war and saying they 
will refuse induction into tbe 
armed forces as long as the war 
continues . 

The statement, released by the 
National Student Association, has 
been sent to President Nixon, 
along with a request for an ap-
pointment " to share more fully" 
with him the students' concern 
over the war and the draft. 

Tbe signers say, "We will act 
according to our conscience. 
Along with tbousands of our fel-
low students , we campus leaders 
cannot participate in a war which 
we believe to be immoral and 
unjust. • . . We publicly and col-
lectively express our intention to 
refuse induction and to aid and 
support those who decide to re-
fuse. We will not s e rve in the 
military as long as tbe war in 
Vietnam continues. II 

The statement was circulated 
to demonstrate bow widespread 
this pos ition among persons who 
bold elected offices and positions 
of responsibility on college cam-
puses, NSA officials said. The 
signers come from ivy league, 
big ten, denominational, teacher 
and community colleges. 

"Mr. President," the letter 
signed by nine of the students 
said, "We urgently write to you 
now . . . to advise you that many 
of the basic question s students 
and other concerned Americans 
have raised about our purposes 
in Vietnam remain unanswered •. 
We must now number ourselves 
among those students who cannot 
at this time square military duty 
with integrity and conscience. II 

The overal statement also said: 
"Most of us have worked in-
elector al pOlitics and through 
other channels to change the 
course of America's foreign pol-
icy and to remove the inequities 
of the draft system. We willcon-
tinue to work in these ways, but 
the possible results of these ef-

forts will come too late for those 
whose deferments will soon ex-
pire. We must make an agonizing 
choice: to accept induction into 
the armed forces, which we feel 
would be irresponsible to our-
selves , our country, and our 
fellow man; or to refuse In-
duction, which Is contrary to our 
respect for law and involves in-
jury to our pers onal lives and 
careers." 

"students have, for a long 
time now, made known their de -
sire tor a peaceful settle ment. 
The present negotiations, how-
ever, are not an end in them-
selves, but rather, the means to 
a complete cease-fire and Amer-
'ican extrication. And until that 
ceasefire has been reached, 
young men who oppose the war 
will s ontinue to face tbe momen-
tous decis ion of how to r espond 
to the draft," the s tatement said. 

Eight of the nine who signed 
the letter to Nixon held a press 
confer ence on Capitol Hill to is-
sue personal statements. Wayne 
Hurder, editor of tbe Daily Tar 
Hell at the University of North 
Carolina at Chapel Hill, said he 
can " no longer duck the issue of 
an immoral draft and an immor al 
war." He said he is not going 
to seek a Conscientious Objector 
classification as first planned, 
but wUl refuse induction. 

At the press conference , Rep. 
Allard K. Lowenstein, (D-N. Y.) 
said the nation should start look-
ing at society's problems from 
the perspective of young people 
if it wants to understand them 
both. Sen. Mark O. Hatfield (R-
Ore.) issued a state ment saying, 
"I think it is imperative that we 
seek to understand the te rrible 
dilemma whicb these young men 
face. The war and draft are two 
pressing a relevant issues, that, 
hopefully, can be influence by stu-
dent conviction and action. For 
the government to ignore their 
kinds of efforts is to r isk fUrther 
alienating large segments of our 
young people." 

Does it hurl 
to chill beer twice? 

Not that you'd want to. Some-
times it just happens ... like 
after a picnic, or when you 
bring home a couple of cold 
6-paks and forget to put 'em 
in the refrigerator. Does re-
chilling goof up the taste or 
flatten the flavor? 

Relax . You don't have 
to worry . 

good beer like Yes? A really 
Budweiser is just 
as good when you chill it 
twice. We're mighty glad about 
that. We'd hate to think of a U 
our effort going down the drain 

just because the temperature 
has its ups and downs. 

You can understand why 
when you consider all the extra 
trouble and extra expense t hat 
go into brewing Bud®. For in-
stance, Budweiser is the only 
beer in America that's Beech-

wood Aged. 
So ... it's absolutely okay 

to chill beer twice. 
Enough aid. (Of No? COlli' e, we have 

a lot more to say 
about Budweiser. But we'll 

keep it on ice for now.) 

Budweiser. is the King of Beers. 
(nut you know thnt.) 

'. 

The Big TT Shows 
Big Time'Softball Skill 

. The Big 'IT co-ed softball team knew that it would take an act of God 
for 'them ever to win a game. And that Is what won their thriller over 
Phoenix mutual Lite for them --i. game-winning catch by Tom Baker, 
whose big bat and big mouth thrust the Big TT into their sole victory 
of the season. 

The final score read 15-14, and although no spectators suffered heart 
attacks, this game had more thrills than the entire Laker-Celtics NBA 
playoff series. 

TraUing by one run going Into the final inning, the Big IT put on 
a furious rally to take a four run lead into the field with them. Now 
holding the other team to ton only three runs for one inning Is like 
trying to have a shutout basketball game. Hard to swallow though 11 is, 
this Is exactly what the Big TT did--they let three runs score with 
two out to show their skill under pressure. 

Sure enough, even though the next hitter for Phoenix Mutual Lite 
was a boy, Crazylegs Baker homed in on his fly to deep center field 
to put the game in the freezer. 

The only sad part about the victory were the injuries to star players 
Sue Halton and Evelyn, who continued playing despite broken bones and 
lacerations to brlng home the vIctory for the Big TT. When a team has 
spirit like that, well it 's next to Impossible to beat them. 

nan Murry, Los Angeles Times sports columnisted, listed the following 
as stars of the game: Hots hot Lenny Bourln, HusUin' Rob Cohen, Tom 
the Almighty Baker, Stre tch Gammon, Slammin' Bob Gorby, Golden Glove 
steve Landau, Cletes Sever s , Heavy Bill Alaoglu, Bobo Anderson, Joel 
the saint Goodman, Home Run Halgrenm Walloping Wendy Antrim, 
steadfast Chuch Halfon, Powerful Pam Ze iter and Clutch Evelyn. 
By a weird coincidence, these players just happen to comprise the 
linning lineup for the Big TT. 

•• •• May 16, 1969 Page 11 

SPORTS SHORTS 

Traci 
On what was the next-to-last 

chance for the super jocks of the 
Triton track team ho show their 
stuff, the stiff competition and ex· 
cellent track conditions provided 
by the Riverside lnvitatlonallast 
Saturday stimulated fantastic 
performances by most (including 
two school records--one by Jim 
Nash in the 880 and one by Tom 
Wolfe in the long jump.). 

Nash while placing third In a 
hotly contested race, became the 
fir st UCSD runner to break two 
minutes In the half mile with a 
record 1:57.6. Tom Wolfe tied 
his own school record of 23'3" 
in tbe long jump and upped his 
own Rivers ide Invitational mark 
that he had set las t ysar. 

Per s onal best marks of the 
season were posted by Bob Hol-
zinger in the 880 (2:00.5), Randy 

'Twombly In the long jump (19'7" ) 
the 440 relay heam (Kuhn. McCar-

thy, Wolte, j. Nlerengartim--43. 7 
and Jerry King in the 440 inter-
mediate hurdles (57.8). 

The next opportunity the heam 
will have to display its prowess 
will be at the All-Cal meet at 
Riverside on May 31. Such forces 
as Berkeley, UCLA, UCD,and UC 
SB will be competing, und will 
have to be on their toes whsn the 
spirited UCSD team comes on. 

Tennis 
The Tr iton netmen showed 

their stuff in last week's tennis 
action, by b owling over SCC 9-0, 
and dropping a close 4-5 decision 
to Cal stat e Fuller ton. III the 
latter contest, only four members 
of the six-man team competed, 
which accounts for three of the 
five Fullerton points. 

Crew 
Romorrow marks the big event 

of the current crew season--the 
Western Sprints , to be held at 
10:00 a.m. on Miss ion Bay. The 
success of this year' s team in-
dicates that the Tr itoncr ewteam 
should have a good showing in 
this event. 

Crew Coacb Bill Gabur ex-
pressed his optimism in this 
years' team, saying, 'This year 's 
team is composed of dedicated, 
hard-working men. I am sure 
we' ll do extremely well tomor-
row.' 

Home Events 
5-17 Crew--Western Sprints, 

Mission Bay, 10:00 a.m. 
5-17 Track - -N AlA Dist rict Meet 

TBA. 
5-17 Baseball vs. UCRiverside, 

here, 12:00 noon. 
5-24 Track--All Cal Meet, UC 

Riverside, TBA. 

F ive Big TT s tarters have been named to the Baseball Hall of Fame, 
and Tom Baker, well known for his wordiness, is expected to write ,_ 
the speeches for these players . The tewnty-volumetext of these speeches 
may be purchased by sending $400 down payment to the Triton Times 
Office, 250 MC. 

Crew team Ughtweights (Lett to right), Bernard, John Jones,Joe Newman, Ricb Retnman, Kirk 
McKinley, Tom Chimbers, Tom Young, Wayne Kight, Mike Fogglano, front. 

-This really puts the pressure on next year's team,· commented 
team manager Bob Gorby *to live up to the record this year's team 
compiled. Hell, we won a' game this year! How next year's team will 
ever be able to do that is beyond me.· 

And so one more page of history is added to the annals of baseball 
--<lne that America will not soon forget. 

Intramurals 
Co-ed softball playoffs began 

May 14 with seven teams play-
ing for the title of Champion of 
the Co- ed League. 

The top-ranked team in the 
playoff is the Gopher Holes. They 

. had a perfect 6-0 record for the 
season. The only other teams to 
come close to this fine mark were 
the Cabrillo Mooses and the But:' 
fakes, both with 5-1 records . 

The other four contending 
teams are the Mother Truckers, 
Ground Hogs , Purple Gophers , 
and BOI. 

The experts predict that the 
title game will" be between the 
Purple Gophers and the Gopher 
Holes. Playoff game times will 
generally be 5 or 6 p.m. 

The two-man volleyball play-
oU was won by Arty WoUson and 
Gary Ramet. They defeated Kef! 
Gorrell and Bill Adams in a 
three game match 15-6, 14-5, 
15-4 

Tbe three-man basketball 
tournament Is now In progress 
with the fir st games belngplayed 
last Monday. 

Today 35 Triton intramural 
athletes, both men and women, 
traveled up to UCSB for the an-
nual All-Cal Intramurai Day. 
Good luck, team. Your school 
Is proud of you! 

• The Triton volleyball team won 
the NAIA District ill title on Sa-
turday, April 26, and placed third 
in the National Double Elimina-
tion Playoffs early this month at 
George WLlllams College, Dow-
ners Grove, Illinois. 

UCSD won tbeir first match 7 
and 8 against defending champion 
George Williams College, and al-
so downed Indiana in tbe second 
round, 9 and 11. The Tritons lost 
to Earlham In tbe winner'sbrac-
ket finals 9-15, 16- 14, 14-16 und 
then fell in the lose r' s finals to 
the University ot indiana 3-15, 
16-14, 11-15. 

The two Triton performers na-
med to the All-Tournament team 
were Dick Rietherman, and Kerry 
Klostermann. 

According to Coach Jim Calen-
dar, "The team could have easily 
won the tournament if they had 
more deptb. Therefore I am ho-
ping for a better turnout next 
year," 

The volleyball team Is the fir s t 
athletic team from UCSD to make 
a national tinal. 

TRITON TIMES READERS . 
•••••••••• 

HAVE YOU BEEN PLEASED '-lITH THIS YEAR' S TRITON TI 1ES? 

or 

Did you find Baker's editorials to be "'elle(tu.1 A'rocities? 
Did Landau's reportage impress you as bei ng E,o Trips? 
Here Sheldon's layouts Repugnan, to your sense of Aes'''e';cs? 
\Jould .'Iou - Vote for 1".rfhV - no"'? 

"lAS THE TRITOn TP1ES TOO FP,R TO ' 

be Rl·ght ~---~---The Left ~~~~~-
TO SUIT YOUR TASTE? 

The8~n' t be fst."'is ... t lacle',s, infi ltrate the TT Staff!!! 

CONTACT 1T OffICE BLDG. 250 Me. 



..... 12 May 16, 1969 
, 

: CAMPUS KIOSK 
, 

Friday, Hay 16, 1969 
"ORR-HARCUSE DISCUSSION" WILL NOT BE HELD 
Fiesta Queen Voting. Rev lIe Quad, 9:00 a.m. to 4:00 p. m. 
Om Mani Pad •• Hum, 312 W~st Mat thews Campus, 4:00 p.m. 
Al?ha Phi Omega, Beauty and the Beast Contest, Dance , P.A.K., Gym, 

9:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.m., A.S. card. 
Arts and Lectures presents ''The Madrigal Singers of U. C.S. D.", 

H-L Auditorium, 8:00 p.m., free. 
ISaturday. May 17 . 1969 
Sailing Club Luau, tickets on sale Revelle Plaza today , 3450 Bayside 

Walk, $5.00 per couple, 2:00 p.m. to 2:00 a.m. 
1l1IE HAPPENING - CREATION OF IMAGE OF PREJUDICE - East of Gymnasium, 

7:30 p.m . 
Sunday. May 18 . 1969 
Kinetic Art Festival, West of Cafeteria, 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. 
Catholic Students Association, "Celebration - Hsppening", discussion, 

readings, folksinging, picnic theme, reconciliation, unity of 
man, La Jolla farms property, 4:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. 

Mui r Cinema, "Eclipse", "Georg", USB 2722, 7:30 p.m. 
Monday. Hay 19, 1969 
Om Mani Padme Hum. 312 West Matthews Campus, 4:00 p.m. 
Alpha Sigma Phi, H-L 1166. 6:30 p.m. 
Students. for a Democratic Society, USB 3070, 7:00 p.m. 
Jewish Student Association presents ''Kid-East Problems", Guest-

in-Residence Speaker: Mrs. Naomi Gann, Main Dining Hall, 
Pevelle Campus, 8:00 p.m. 

Tuesday May 20. 1969 
A.S. Senate meeting, Coffee Hut, 10:00 a.~ 
Music Department presents "A Psychologist Looks at Tone Memory". 

Speaker: Diana Deutsch, 409 Matthews Campus, 12 noon. 
SHUM, Inter-Language Club Lounge. i:OO p.m. 
Om Mani Padme Hum, 312 West Matthews Campus. 4:00 p.m. 
Students for Responsible Action, 310 West Matthews Campus, 7:30 p.m 
Wednesday. May 21. 1969 
Om Mani Padme Hum, 312 West Matthews Campus, 4:00 p.m. 
Economics Club presents "Business Man's View on Security Exchange 

Regulation". Speaker: Mr. Warren Currier III, Inter-Language 
Lounge, 7:00 p.m. 

Soaring Club, USB 3010, 7:00 p.m. 
Language Club film, to be announced. French, USB 2722, 8:00 p.m. 
Students International Neditation Society, H-L Auditorium 8:00 p.m. 
'Hu rricane Express", John Wayne serial. Coffee Hut, 9:00 p.m. 

PRE-MED STUDENTS 
Experience proves that most 

medical schools prefer a letter 
of evaluation from a Pre-Med 
Advisory Committee to the sev-
eral individual letters customar-
ily provided. Fortunately UCSD 
provides such a service, for both 
Revelle and Muir students. It 
might prove to be a slight con-
solation to those of you who are 
dubious about your academic sta-
tus, or your standing in general. 

The Pre-Med Advisory Com-
mittee is coordinated by Mr. 
Robert Kavanaugh and composed 
of ten UCSD professors: Dan 
Lindsley, Biology; William F. 
Loomis, Jr., Biology; Thomas 
Roth, Biology; Russell Doolittle, 
Chemistry, Robert Linck, Chem-
istry; Larry Ruff, Economics; 
Curtis Wilson, History; Edwin 
Dolin, Literature; Laurence E. 

I Peterson, Physics; Anthony 
Deutsch, Psychology; and Mrs. 

I Donna Baars as coordinating sec-
I retary. 

The Committee will be meet-
I ing May I - June 15, Sept. 15 -
Nov. 1. It you have not already 

I see Mrs. Donna Baars in the Pro-
vost's Office onthe Revelle Cam-

I pus to sign up and receive the 
necessary forms. 

, In conjunction with the Com-
mittee, a Pre-Med Club hasbeen 
formed without the many club-

Thursday, May 22, 1969 like attributes such as fees, 
Om Mani Padme Hum, 312 West Hatthews Campus, 4:00 p.m. membership, etc. The club meets 

I Arts and Lectures presents "Biochemical Individuality, Individuality, ~very other Thursday evening at 
and Evolution", Speaker: Nathan O. Kaplan, H-L Auditorium, 4:15 p.' 7:30 p.m. in a pre-designated 

t Russian Club, Inter-Language Club Lounge, 7:30 p.m. . 
Student World Federalists, "The ABM System", Moderator: Dr. Herbert room. 

York, Speaker: Mr. Joseph Clark. President of United World At the last meeting we were 
Federalists. Revelle Cafeteria, 8:30 p.m. fortunate to have a local hus-

I Friday, May 23, 1969 band and wife team, Drs. Dou-
Nude Department presents "The Thirteenth Sound of Julian Carrillo - glas and Bernice Davidson, in-
~ Mexico's Charles Ives", Speaker: Dolores Carrillo, 409 Matthews ternist and pediatrician, respec-

Campus, 12 noon. tively. The Davidsonshave taken 
, Om Mani Padme Hum. 312 West Matthews Campus, 4:00 p.m. tit 
, BONFIRE CELF.BRATING THE BURNING OF PREJUDICE, 7:30 P.M., EAST OF grea n erest in our club and are 

G'OI WITH SPECIAL PRESENTATION BY ANOMALY FACTORY donating some of their time in 
f REVELLE PLAZA DANCE, 8:30 P.H. TO 11:00 P.M .• U.C.S.D. STUDENTS AND an advisory capacity. Dr. Dou-

THEIR GUESTS ONLY. glas Davidson is presently serv-
f Saturday. May 24. 1969 ing onan open-heart surgical team 
, U.C.S. D. FIESTA DE LA GENTE, 1:00 P.M. TO 5:00 P.M., REVELLE PLAZA and has offered to let students 
, BAJA HARIMBA BAND CONCERT, 8:00 P.M., U.C .S.D. GYM, TICKETS ON SALE of the club observe the team in L AT ARTS AND LECTURES BOX OFFICE AND A.S. OFFICE BLDG. 250 MC. action. They have also offered 
----... to use their influence in the 

FOR SALE: MG-B, late 65 model, excellent condition, iris blue, 
tonneau, new tires, new top, stick shift. $1550 or best offer. Call 
755-3115. 

SUMMER FUN! 67 Chevy Sports Van, like VW bus, more room 
and H.P., $1600, 453-0291, evenings. 

TRAVEL: Want a ride to New York or Chicago after June 15th. 
Call collect 474-5875. 

SURFBOARD: A Chuck Dent roundtail design with a Vari-Set Fin 
System and an extra driff-type fin. $90 ••• Call Jim at 453-1121 
for more information. 

SCUBA GEAR: Healthways tank, 72 cubes, reserve valve, back 
pack, boot: $45. Sportsways regulator, single-hose Sport-Diver 
model: $45, immaculate condition. 9 lbs. weights, with beIt: $10. 
Wrist compass: $4. Call Clay at 453-1688 or come up to Argo 562. 

WANTED: Five dependable men for part-time job. Phone 276-6350. 
FOR SALE: 1963 TR-3-B, new paint, excellent condition, $900. 
Call Jane Sinders, Scripps, Bldg. T -7, ext. 2485. 

WANTED: Experienced )a ysitter for 17 month old boy. Call 453-
4355 for more informatic n. 

HAIRCUTS FOR MEN: $1.50. Dsl Mar Barbershop, across the 
street from Speedee Mart. 755-4433. 

----------------------------

NEED A PLACE FOR BE Sl1~M~R? (June 7 - Sept 1) $40/month, 
recent apartment - ba h, electric kitchen, phone, wlth t,(o ether 
roommates. Call 453-0;92, ask for John or leave name and phone 
number. 

SUMMER HEALTH INSURANCE PROGRAM 
MAKE SURE YOU ARE COVEr· FO FOR ILLNESS AND INJURY DURING THE SUMMER. 
TWO PLANS ARE AVAILABLE 

1. " ON CAMPUS PLAN" ~ 
Comp"te covwage equal to that of the school y8ar. ~ 

2. " OFF CAMPUS PLAN" 
Insurenct only fM thole out of the ariel. [3 
Pur~ of insuf'lnce cen be!Mde It the Cashier'. Office. Mat1hews Campus. 

commencing May 15 through June 14. 
Grads on .,.nll consult your departments. 

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CALL THE STUDENT HEALTH CENl ER, extension 1346. 

medical circles of San Diego. 
To those students who are cur-

ious about the progress of the 
club, take a close look at the 
back side of the bulletin board . 
outside the Provost's Office 
which has been designated spec-
ifically for our use. With the co-
operation of you, and those who 
have already attended our meet-
ings, we can hope to keep all 
informed about medical educa-
tion and summer employment 
opportunities. 

David Shannahoff 
President of UCSD Pre-

Med Club 
• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

Starting this Sunday, May 18th, 
college students, moonlighting as 
flower children, will be giving 
out flower s all over the city of 
San Diego as part of a publicity 
and fundraising drive for the 
National Mental Health associa-
tion. The appreciation of a 
flower is intended as a symbol 
of the appreciation of life that is 
good mental health. Hilighting 
the campaign will be a Frus-
tration Day on which students on 
the major San Diego campuses 
will be given an opportunity to 
vent their frustrations by s mash-
ing some old cars donated by 
local autowreckers. Anyone 
wishing to be a flower child or 
donate flowers for this worth-
while cause call 453-0245. Re-
member these statistics: mental 
illness is the nations number one 
health problem with one out of two 
hospital beds being occupied by 
mental patients; one out of ten 
will be treated for mental illness 
sometime in his lifetime (are 
there ten people in you suite '?); 
suicide is the second leading 
cause of death among college 
students. 

MRS. NAOMI GANN,ISRAEL'S 
Consul for Education and Culture 
will speak in response to the in-
vitation of UCSD's Guest in Resi-
dence Committee andJewishstu-
dents Association on May 19. 

Recent events in the Middle 
East, and the question of the rea-
lity of growing tensions between 
Israel and her surrounding Arab 
neighbors, insure that her talk 
will be one of the most dramatic 
events in which concerned indi-
viduals from San Diego, La Jolla, 
and UCSD have participated this 
year. 

Israel's position on the Four-
Power peace talks, the progress 
that has been made in establish-
ing tace-to-face talks among all 
Middle East powers, and the pos-
sibility of another war in this 
explosive area will be among the 
areas of discussion she will at-
tempt to cover. 

Israel -- the meeting place of 
the Orient and the Occident -- is 
today one of the key points in the 
world, the future of which is 
inextricably connected with the 
future of the powder keg that is 
the Middle East. Mrs. Gann's 
special knowledge, and the pos-
sibility of undistortect "inside 
information" on Israel's stand 
on the issues , make the coming 
address a unique event in the 
San Diego community. 

The talk will be given in the 
Main Dining Hall of Revelle Ca-
feteria at 8:00 pm Monday even-
ing, May 19. 

• « • • • « « « « « « • « « • « • 

HELP NEEDED BY BROWN 
BROTHERS AT SAFFORD FED-
ERAL PRISON, ARIZONA 

Safford Federal Prison is lo-
cated about 120 miles northeast 
of Tucson. About 150 Mexican 
Nationals, almost one half of the 
total prison population, are in 
jail tor illeg:il ~ntry into this 
country and will be shipped back 
to Mexi~o as soon as they finish 
their sentences. Since they are 
oreigners, they have no visitors 
and no one to send them mUIHY. 
Since only prisoners with visitors 
get Cokes, they can never have 
one. There are at present TWO 
books in Spanish in the library. 

The Los Angeles Resistance 
has appealed for letters, Visitors, 
books, and money for these men. 
Donations of any money received 
will be arranged through Paul 
Barnes and Greg Nelson, two 
draft resisters serving prison 
terms at Safford. Send money to 
Prisoners Fund, c/o The Resis-
tance . Send books an\1 tnquiries 
to ReSistance , 2919 West Francis 
Avenue, Los Angeles, California 
90005, 382-4447. 

A F ANT ASTIC UNIQUE HAP-
PENING will be the event of 
the week on Saturday, May 17, 
east of the gym, at 8:30 p.m. 

The bonfire structure for the 
ASUCSD "Feista de la Gente" 
will be constructed at the bon-
fire site, to the music ot a 
rock band and to the luscious 
smells of Coffee Hut delicacies 
(the Coffee Hut will provide food 
service at the Happening). 

All interested participants will 
be treated to free cokes, and, 
in addition, will be the construc-
tors and participants of the 
building of the fantastic "El Viejo 
Pre judicio" , the bonfire struc-
ture, please bring it to this 
Happening, and you may incor-
porate it into the structure. Par-
ticipants in the Happening are 
encouraged to bring any 01:1 relics 
they might. wish to eventually 
burn (e.g. pictures of old girl-
friends, old scrapbooks, furni-
ture, and other memorabUa that 
might need burning!l!). 

The Happening promises to 
be the major social event of 
that Saturday night, so all arti-
sans and incllned craftsmen, 
show your skill! 
• • « « « • • « « • « « « « « « « 

THE MUIR COLLEGE CHAM-
ber Chorus of UCSD will present 
ths "kyrie" from Missa Mi-Ml 
at University Lutheran Church 
during this Sunday's lOam ser-
vice. Nancy RobUn, graduate stu-
dent in UCSD's music department 
will direct the choir. 

The liturgy of the American 
Lutheran Church and the Luther-
an Church in America (-red hym-
naP') will be used by the con-
gregation. Campus Pastor John 
Huber will preach on the theme, 
"The Secular Imperative of the 
Gospel," based on the fourth 
Mission Affirmation adopted by 
the Lutheran Church--Missouri 
Synod in its Detroit Convention, 
1965. 

Students from a variety of 
denominations conclude their 5 
week ecumenical experiment in 
Chr istian community at UCSD' s 
Lutheran Students Center next 
Wednesday. The women of St 
James - by - the - Sea Episcopal 
Church will serve supper at 5:00 
p.m. 
• « « « « « « « « • « « • • « • « 

TRY AFRICA 
A new Peace Corps/UCLA pro-
gram offer s you an opportunity 
to earn your Masters Degree 
in Public Health or Teaching 
English as a Second Language 
and to serve in a special Peace 
Corps progam. Call (collect) 
213-825-4301 

« « « « • « « • « « « « « « « « • « « • « • • « • « « • « • • « « « • 

DISCOUNT TICKETS FOR FRANK MARCUS' "THE KILLJNG OF 
SISTER GEORGE" beginning May 15 at the "Cassius Carter Center 
stage" (adjacent to Old Globe Theatre) will be available to anyone 
interested at the Associated Students Office, bldg. 250M.C. for 
$1.50. Dis t:ount tickets are good for all Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day tlnd Sunday performances. 

« « « « « « « « « • « • « « • « • « « « « « « « « « « « « • • « « « • 

Unde rgraduate students inter-
ested in having research or other 
scholarly projects sponsored 
through the Presidents' Under-
graduate Fellowship Program 
must submit their project pro-
posals to the Fuculty Committee 
on Undergraduate Scholar ships, 
Honors and Prizes by June 4 to 
qualify for the 1969-70 awards. 

Shlpends under the program 
range from $100 to $1000 for 
each project and are determined 
by the cost of the project as 
reflected in the proposal. 

The program is designed to 
assist unusually talented fresh-
men, sophomores and juniors in 
carrying out special stUdies and 
projects under faculty supervis-
ion during the summer, academic 
year and vacation periods. 

For the fir st time this year, 

stipends will be awarded to the 
selected candidates in June, thus 
allowing students ho work on their 
projects during the summer as 
well as during the academic year. 
Candidates will now be given one 
full year, June 4, 1969 ho June 5, 
1970, to propose, complete and 
submit projects under this pro-
gram. 

Last year, such projects as a 
cinematography study, poetry 
translation, research on the Mag-
na Curta, und an outdoor sculp-
ture project were sponsored 
through the program. 

Specific details on how to apply 
for awards through the Presi-
dent's Undergraduate Fellowship 
Program may be obtained at the 
Financial Aids Office in the Stu-
dent Affairs Office, Building 250, 
Matthews Campus. 


