
· . 

Nader Calls for National 
Consumer Movement 

by Clay Anderson Staff Writer 
Ralph Nader, national ombudsman for consumer alfairs, spoke 

here Thursday on the lawlessness and corruption which is charac-
teristic of American industry. Nader, a graduate of Harvard law 
School emphasized the need for a consumer movement which would 
force American industry to concern itself with quality and safety as 
well as profits. 

As Nader spoke to the crowd of 5oo,it was apparent that he viewed 
the university as both a cause of the problem and as a force for its 
solution. He noted that universities seem to measure the importance 
of a subject by its "abstracticion level," which is the degree to which 
a discipline is removed from reality. Thus law students study dl'iver 
liabilit without ever discussing car safety aoo engineerinr students 
study cons uc ion without ever considering the automobile. 

Not only are universities t.1iling to rain the right pers0IlD!!I,he 
continued, but the students themselves otten sit around discussing 
"cosmic issues" while breathing polluted air, eating impure ham-
burgers, and smoking cigarettes. While concentrating on a war which 
has killed 38,000 American over a period of eight years, students have 
ignored America's toll of highway caI'!lage which annually totals 50,000 

I Ralph Nader, consumer crusader, speaking yesterday in Revelle Plaza on his new attack on the FTC. 

killed and 150,000 permanently crippled. 
After reviewing this level of violence, Nadar asked who decides 

what violence gets attention? He concluded paradoxically, that more 
attention is given to violence the tuther away it is from a person. 
Thus crime in the streets is discussed rather than the unrelenting 
violence on one's body which is caused by air pollution. He went on 
to state that it was cuff-linked corporation executives, not street kids, 
who are committing the violence in this country. 

The corporations, Nadar contends, have twisted the free market 
basis of our economic system until little is lett except the words 
themselves. Our economic system is based not only on the exchange 
of products and services, but also on the free exchange of informa-

triton 
ti es 

tion concerning these products and services. 
FRIDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1969 VOLUME 8, ISSUE 4 Corporations, however, have succeeded in restrict~g the amount 

of information available to the consumer while limiting the areas 
of meaningful competition. Thus Nadar points out it is much more 
difficult to learn the braking ability of a car than it is to find out how 
qickly it will accelerate from zero to sixty miles per hour. Likewise, 
the meat industry has failed to inform its customers that over the 
last two decades the fat content of hot dogs has almost doubled. 

With less real information available to the public, says Nadar, 
the competition between firms has narrowed to a few unimportant 
areas. Thus next meat producers compete on the basis of "fresher 
looking" and "more tender", while failing to discuss what is actually 

Fight Only Beginning After 
Court Ruling on Davis Case 

contained in their plastic packages. 
ThiS is his last year at UCSU. 

Automobile companies compete over body styles, quarter mile 
times, and leg room. What is lacking, Nadar points out, is any dis-
cussion of braking distances, handling abilities, passenger safety, 
or rear window visibility. The choice offered to consumers is 

by Rich Heimlich 
Staff Writer 

"The fight is only beginning" , 
UCSD Philosophy Professor Her-
bert Marcuse said of the week-
long Davis case controversy that 
he noted " is far from over." 

Los Angeles Superior Court 
Judge Jerry Pacht declared Mon-
day that the Board of Regents' 
Sept. 19 firing of Angela Davis 
due to her Communist Party 

me~ship was unconstitution-
al. This enjoined a 29-year-old 
regental policy against employ-
ing Communlsts at the University 
of California. The policy was a-
dopted in 1940, and reaffirmed in 
1949, 1959, and this year. 

simply no choice at all. 
Nadar continued by saying the corporations otten test their products 

on the entire country rather than on rats. He indicated that the latest 
controversy over the sugar SUbstitute cyclamated is actually several 
years old. Doubts about its effects were raised a long time ago, but 
the industries failure to continue testing of the product led people 
to believe that there were no 111 effects. That no ill effects were dis-

Marcuse, under whom UCLA 
Assistant Philosophy Professor 
Angela Davis is studying for her 
doctorate on Kant, will speak to-
day with Miss Davis at Berkeley. 

covered, asserts Nadar, is because nobody was testing. Though credit was granted Citing the 1967.cases of Keyi-
shian vs. the Board of Regents 
of New York and Elfbrandt vs. 
Russell as precedents, Pacht sta-
ted it would be "unlawful and dan-
gerous" to allow the regents to 
enforce a political " litmus paper 
test" and say that a person's mere 
membership in a political organ-

Nadar concluded his remarks by stating that the burden of proof as 
to the safety of a product is finally starting to shift from the con-
sumer to the corporations, but that the consumer in the market place 
is just as helpless and frustrated as the students in many of our 
colleges. A union of middle class consumers and concerned students, 
however, could have a tremendous effect on our society. Among the 
activities which Nadar suggested were student study groups to inves-
tigate government policies and a student moratorium on pollution. 

Wednesday for Miss Davis' class 
at UCLA, her right to teach will 
be questioned by a taxpayer's suit 
and a regental legal appeal of 
Monday's Superior Court Ruling 
If she is barred from teaching 
Marcuse will follow through with 
his state~nt to "stop teaching". 

AgneW" Pays Su rise Visit to Scrip 
"" by Paul Emus 
Assoc. News Editor 

Vice President Spiro T. Agnew, while 
paying a visit fo Scripps institutIon of Ocean-
ography yesterday morning, was confronted 
with a statement he made recently that 
students were "intellectual snobs." 

Dr. William Nierenberg, director of Scripps 
Institute, flew home from Brittain on a 
24 hours' notice to brief Agnew on the latest 
developments on research in the field of 
o~eanograpny. 

Enroute for a week's vacation at Palm 
Springs, Agnew, who is chair nan of the 
President's Marine Resources Council was 
also briefed by Professors Douglas Inman, 
John Isaacs, and Edward Goldberg. 

The five areas of top priority that the 
Nixon administration feels are important 
for support are: (1) coastal zone manage-
ment, (2) coastal laboratories (like Scripps) 
(3) lake restoration, (4) suwort for the 
Decade of International Cooperation in Ocean-
ographic Research, and (5) exploration of 
the arctic regions and study of their en-
vironments. 

During the question and answer period, 
this reporter caused some furor with the ques-
tion: " Mr. Vice President, as a student here, 
I would like to ask if you think calling tbd 
futu re leaders of tomorrow "intellectual 
snobs" could precipItate your so-called vIo-
lence on campus?" 

Agnew replied: 'I'm glad the question was 
raised and I'd like to answer it because--
as frequently happens-- a person makes a 
speech that is recorded, and then mis-
recorded, and then by word of mouth re-
peated. 

Vice Pres. Spiro Agnew, Chancellor and Mrs. McGill, and Dr. Nierenberg 
"t want to say that I did not clearly refer 

to the students or any generation necessarily. 
What I said was in reference to what I 
called an effete core of intellectual snobs. 
I was referring to the people who are in 

the leadership of some of the movements 
today, who are stimulating anarchy or dis-
ruption of the only academic freedom that 
ever existed." 

" I did not refer to the young people of 
this country of whom I have the highest 
regard. And in fact, in that speech, I took 
great care to commend the young people 
in the schools of the country because I think 
they are, in many ways, our only hope." 

"But I cannot mince mv words when I 
refer to the type of people I dId refer to 
and my remarks with respect to them stand 
unabridged. " 

Atter the applause, Chancellor McGill 
stood up to add: " I would hope that none 
would show any discourtesy to the Vice 
President of the United States." 

In response to a question concerning 
moratorium dissent, Agnew said: "1 don't 
believe that (the young people) have the 
knowledge or even some of them have the 
stability to make the judgments as to what 
should be done in that situation (the imme-
diate withdrawal of all US troops). And 
I wonder sometimes what causes some people 
to believe that these self-appointed leaders 
are more up to date than the elect~d rep-
resentatives of the people. . 

He did, however, preface his remark with: 
"1 have never quarreled with any means 
of demonstration that comes within the con-
stitutional discretion of free speech. " 

ization disqualified 
holding a job. 

them tram 

He went on to say that the courts 
have consistently ruled that the 
Constitution forbids the erection 
of barricades around thought. The 
people must have the option to 
choose between contending points 
of view. 

Pacht turned down a request by 
the Regents' attorneys for a full 
trial stating that the case is It a 
dispute over law, not fact." Cla-
rifying, he said all the facts in 
the case were accepted and only 
a ruling on the letter of the law 
was required. 

UCSD Chancellor William Mc-
Gill said Tuesday that he was 
"surprised at the swift and swee-
ping character of the court deci-
sion.' 

Tuesday mornigD, Miss Davis 
responded to the court decision 
by saying that " they (the Regents) 
deliberately took an action against 
me that they knew to be uncon-
stitutional from the beginning, 
thereby showing their basic con-
tempt for law and order when it 
is related to justice." 

Pacht further ordered against 
the use of public funds "with a 
purpose, whether direct of indi-
rect, of implementing any of (the) 
said resolutions found illegal. 
He specifically exempted from 
this spending ban expenditures 
related to the Regents' legal ap-
peal of his decision which must 
be done within thirty days. 

In response to the Superior 
Court order, UCLA Chancellor 
Young designated Angela Davis' 
philosophy class, "Recurring 
Philosophical ThE mes in Black 
Literature." a credit course on 
Wednesday. UC President Char-
les Hitch backed Young saying that 
to continue restri ~tions on the 
Communist profes-or's course 
" WOUld have constil uted defiance 
of the court order." 

Meanwhile, a dowr town Los An-
geles attorney, acting on his own 
behalf, filetlataxpayer 'ssultse -
king a Superior Court order bar-
ring Miss Davi from teaching at 
UCLA. He cited several state sta-
tutes and public trust considera-
tions as grounds to require the 
Regents to keep the university 
"entirely mdependent of all poli-
tica I influen es." 

(C NTINUED ON PAGE 12) 



eye :r !e~!~~ Th~'I~~~~mber~:I~,~~~~~iD~~' 
g The rhetoric of the New Mobllization is also 

The Senate Foreign Relations Committee has quietly postponed 
a series of public hearings on Vietnam awaiting President Nixon's 
televised message on November 3 u as a matter of courtesy· ac-
cording to Chairman Fulbright. There is great speculation that 
Nixon will announce sUbstantial pullbacks. 

Senator George Aiken, a Republican member of the committee, 
predicted that all United states ground troops would be out in 
one year, implying that the White House had told him so. 

Senator Mike Mansfield, who has been very critical of the war, 
announced Tuesday that a "de facto" cease fire now exists in 
Vietnam. (Los Angeles Times) 

"eee! 
The Nixon Administration proposed Monday that firstjime pos-

session of all narcotic and dangerous drugs be made a misdea-
meaner rather than a felony and that marijuana be removed from 
the legal category covering narcotics. These requests, submitted 
to a Senate judiciary subcommittee, are much more in line with 
the recommendations of U.S. health Officials, who have been par-
ticularly critical of penalties for marijuana violations. 

However, the penalties proposed include prison terms of up 
to five years and fines as much as $15,000 for first-time pos-
session of marijuana if there is an intent to distribute it. (Los 
Angeles Times) 'e ••• e 

President Nixon's now-famous lottery plan to limit the draft 
to 19-year-olds finally was approved last week by the House Armed 
Services Committee. The vote was 31 to O. The House is ex-
pectd to act ve r y soon on the bill, and high sources indicate that 
the chances of House approval are good. 

Senate Armed Services Chairman John StelUlis has said that 
his committee may take up the President's proposal this year 
if it passes the House. However, the House Committee refused 
to even consider eliminating draft deferments for college students. 
stelUlis said later that ·continuing the policy of college defer-
ments in time of a shooting was one of our biggest mistakes.· 
910s Angeles Times) iEEEE' 

Dr. Max Delbruck, one of this year's Nobel Prize wilUlers In 
medicine and physiology, expressed concern last week about the 
"frighteningly competent· biologists now working in the field of 
biological warfare. 

He feels that in the last few years the quality of science going 
into biological warfare research has greatly improved. "Because 
of this competence the danger is great that this kind of military 
technology might be applied some day,· he told a news conference. 
(Los Angeles Times) i •••• ' 

Thousands of Japanese students have been rioting in Tokyo this 
past week protesting American involvement in Vietnam, American 
bases on Japanese soil, and the United states- Japan Security 
Treaty. 

The students managed to shut down the city for most of Tuesday, 
and nearly half-a- million workers in private and government 
offices were sent home. By Tuesday evenmg, 25,000 riot police 
were able to quell the rioters, making more than 1000 arrests. 
(Los Angeles Times) , .... , 

A study by the National Bureau of Standards about the question 
of the United States changing to the metric system has revealed 
that the changeover would not cost nearly as much as some of those 
most affected by it have predicted. This point has belln the main 
ar gument against such a changeove r since the days of Jefferson. 

The proponents have argued that our export level would rise 
tremendously if the change was made, but the recent study in-
dicates that the rise in exports would not be quite as much as pre-
dicted by these proponents. The United States and Canada are 
the only countries s till on the English system. (Los Angeles Times) 

, .... , 
A spokesman for Apple, the BeatJes' conglomerate company 

has said that Paul is not dead. A rumor to the contrary has been 
c irculating since a thesis was written by a student at Ohio Wes-
leyen t;niversity last summer pointing out symbols on album 
songs and covers which did seem a bit strange. McCartney has 
issued a statement that the rumors were "too silly for words." 
(Los Angeles Times) 

iii'" 
Vice President Agnew condemned the Vietnam moratorium as 

a senseless demonstration by youths blinded by "a spirit of na-
tional masochism (and) encouraged by an effete corps of impudent 
snobs· who call themselves intellectuals. (Los Angeles Times) C····, 

Herbert Klein, President Nixon's director of co mmunications, 
no longe r thinks Nixon should hold impromptu news conferences. 
He considers the formal news conference , where the President 
is given the questi( lns in advance, to be a muc h more feas ible 
plan because he wOLld have less chance of be ing misinterpreted. 

Klein said Mr. Ni :on likes to cOllsider the information he wants 
to make public. (Los .'\ ngeles Times) 

,'Mel' 
The October 18 issue of Saturday Heview contain£ ~n llrticle 

on the Green Ber er s in which most of the facts relating to the 
killing of Chuyen, t Ie alleged double-agent, and the subsequent 
trial in which all c~ rges against the Special Forces were dropped 
are finally brought to light. 

The Special Forc)s decided to kill Chuyen, one of its own men, 
after the CIA order~d them not to, because of a fear of "further 
leaks, further botchE:d missions , more lives placed in jeopardy, 
and new defections.' The article contams a history of the Special 
For ces and a description of its l!nks with the CIA and other govern-
ment agencies. 

The Issue also condemns the many actions of the Special Forces 
in an editorial, saying that the consequence of all their activities 
Is that "the government of the United States is cutting deeply into 
its own history and its position in the world, and the refore into 
its secur ity. ' 

Also in the issue are two views of the academic revolution from 
Wallace Roberts and Howard Zinno 

WASHINGTON--(CPS)--The antiwar slogan for 
November ought to be, "Say please for peace." 

The two major organizations coordinating next 
month's protest activities, the Viet Nam Morator-
ium Committee and the New Mobilization Com-
mittee to End the War in Viet Nam, both appear 
to be going overboard In publicly stressing the 
innocuous, well-mannered, respectable nature 01 
their respective ventures. 

Meanwhile, the Viet Nam war continues, though 
there are reports, none of them officially con-
firmed, that President Nixon will announce in his 
Nov. 3 "state of the war" address to the nation 
either a unilateral U.S. cease-fire or a massive 
troop withdrawal of some 300,000 men to take 
place during 1970. 

In the wake of Oct. 15 moratorium demonstra-
tions--successful in terms of the amount of parti-
cipation--national moratorium leaders have de-
cided to push for two days of dialogue and peace-
ful gatherings Nov. 13 and 14, with the accent on 
persuading Congressmen to return home to discuss 
the war with the people. 

Planned are community referenda on the war, 
block parties, coffee hours and leafletting, presen-
tations by special interest groups such as workers, 
profeSSionals and students to elected officials, 
marches to state capitals and symbolic activities 
such as tolling bells and wearing black armbands. 

The New Mobilization brings slightly escalated 
tactics to the arena of dissent. On Nov. 14, it plans 
a national high school and college strike. Q} 
Nov. 13-15 there will be a "March Against Death" 
from Arlington National Cemetery past the White 
House to the Capitol, in which each marcher will 
carry the name of a war victim, placing it In a 
Goffin at the event's conclusion. 

And on Saturday the 15th, one massive march 

somewhat more militant. Instead of focusing solely 
upon Viet Nam as has the moratorium Mobiliza-
tion's literature demands an end to racism, mili-
tarism, poverty and political repression as well 
as the war. 

The old Mobilization, nicknamed MOBE, had 
a history of confronting the establishment with 
collective nonviolent civil disobedience. It co-
ordinated the 1967 march on the Pentagon and played 
a large role in bringing thousands to Chicago in 
1968 at the Democratic Convention. 

But its leaders, Dave Dellinger, editor of Libera-
tion magazine, Rennie DaviS, project director for 
the convention, and Jerry Rubin, Pentagon project 
director, are currently undergoing trial in Chicago 
as members of The Conspiracy, and are away 
from the center of power. 

It remains to be seen whether New Mobilization 
leaders will employ the moratorium's politics of 
consensus for the marchers, watering down their 
appeal to attract a mass of people(thereby insuring 
a relatively mild protest), or whether they will 
pursue a strategy of confrontation. 

Groups such -as the Black Panthers and the SDS 
Weathermen that have siphoned ott the more mili-
tant radicals In recent months, have- not revealed 
if they will join in either the Washington or San 
Francisco marches. 

Though the commercial press has reported there 
is a rift between the Moratorium and the Mobiliza-
tion on the issue of tactics, leaders of the organiza-
tions have expressed their solidarity, if not com-
plete agreement, with one another. Moratorium 
leaders say they are holding peaceful legal 3tfalrs 
of their own, but think it's just fine if people attend 
the Mobilization's peaceful legal marches. Mobili-
zation leaders say they don't see any contradiction 
In participating in both local and national actions. 

Presidents Asi for Wit~drawa' 
WASHINGTON -- (CPS) Too 

presidents of some 75 private 
colleges appealed for a "stepped-
up time table for withdrawal from 
Vietnam. " 

work more effectively in support 
of more peaceful priorities." 

The statement was mailed to 
President Nixon and Cngressional 
leaders on Oct. 11. The state-
ment did not specify a time limit 
on withdrawal, but called for a 
Kstepped_up timetable." 

Among those signing were the 
presidents of Brandeis, Oberlln; 
Columbia; Cornell; An ti 0 c h; 
Swarthmore; Princeton; Tufts; 
and New York Universities; Bos-
ton College; University of Chi-
cago; Amherst; Drexel Institute 
of Technology; MIT; Fordham; 
Villanova; and Vasser. 

The appeal came in the form 
of a joint statement issued by 
the presidents, speaking as "in-
dividuals who work with young 
ment and women." Their state-
ment concluded, "We urge upon 
the President of the United states 
and upon Congress a stepped-up 
timetable for withdrawal from 
Vietnam. We believe this to be 
in our country's highest interest, 
at home and abroad. 

Grass Is Better . 

"The accumulated costs of the 
Vietnam war are not in men and 
material alone. There are costs 
too in the effects on young people 's 
hopes and beliefs. Like our-
selves, the vast majority of the 
students with whom we work s till 
want to believe in a just, honest, 
and sensitive America. But our 
military engagement in Vietnam 
now stands as a denial of so 
much that is best in our society 
... an end to the war will not solve I 
our problems on or off campus. 
It will, however, permit us to I 

College Press Service 

LOS ANGELE8--(CPS)--A 
Senate sub-committee has been 
told here that marijuana is In 
many ways a better-drug to take 
than alcohol and that Operation 
Intercept, if successful, would 
merely drive more people to 
dangerous drugs such as amphe-
tamines. 

A series of witnesses testi-
fying before the subcommittee on 
alcoholism and narcotics, 
chai r ed by Senator Ha r old 
Hughes (D-Iowa), told the com-
mittee that penalties for drug 
usage should btl ended. These 
inr.lncip.ci Dr. Joel Fort. a Berke-
ley professor and former con-
sultant of drug abuse to the 
World Health Organization; Dr. 

--"We're on a course that is going to end this war."--Pres. 
Richard Nixon, Sept. 26, 1969. 

--"We've certainly turned the corner (in Viet Nam)."--Sec. of 
Defense Melvin Laird, July 15, 1969 . 

--". . . We have never been in a better relative position." --Gen. 
William Westmoreland, April 10, 1968. 

__ It • •• We are enlightened with our progress ... we are generally 
pleased ... we are very sure we are on the right track."--President 
L}lIdon Johnson, July 13, 1967. 

--"We have succeeded in attaining our objectives .. . "--General 
Westmoreland, July 13, 1967. 

--"We have stopped losing the war."--Sec. of Defense Robert 
McNamara, October, 1965. 

--"We are not about to send American boys nine or ten thousand 
miles from home to do what Asian boys ought to be doing for them-
selves." -- Pres. Johnson, October 21, 1964. 

--"The United States still hopes to withdraw its troops from 
South Viet Nam by the end of 1965." --Sec. of Defense McNamara, 
Feb. 19, 1964. 

--"Victory . .. is just months away . . .I can safely say the end 
of the war is in sight."--General Paul D. Harkins, Commander of 
Military Assistance Command in Viet Nam, October 31 , 1963. 

--"(The War) is turning an important corner."--Sec. of state 
Rusk, March 8, 1963. 

--"The Communists now realize they can never conquer free 
Viet Nam.",.-Gen. J. W. O'Daniel, military aide to Viet Nam, 
January 8, 1961. 

--"1 fully expect (only) six more months of hard fighting." 
--General Navarre, French commander In chief, Jan. 2, 1954. 

Roger Smith, director of the 
Amphetamine Research Project 
at the University of California 
Medical Center In San Francisco; 
Dr. David Smith, founder of the 
Halght-Ashbury Free Medical 
Clinic; and Dr. William McGloth-
lin of the UCLA Department of 
Psychology. 

Fort told the subcommittee 
that it is "totally immoral and 
hypocritical to express concern 
about marijuana smoking without 
worrying also about other kinds 
of smoking." Tobacco, he said, 
is clearly as dangerous as mari-
juana. 

Under questioning about pos-
sible harmful effects of various 
drugs, Fort told the committee 
of one drug that "accounts for 
thousands of deaths every year, 
that, despite decades of use, still 
works on the brain in ways we 
do not understand, and that has 
caused not 0 n I y chromosomal 
damage but actual birth defects." 
T"e drug is aspirin. 

McGlothlln told of a study of 
middle class whites who had 
;"een initiated to marijuana some 
twenty years ago . All had used 
it for several years, and some 
were still smoking it regularly . 
The study found that It was used 
as a substitute for alcohol. Those 
who had overused marijuana had 
also overused alcohol at a dif-
ferent period of their lives and 
wOllld probably do so again If 
they were to stop using mari-
juana. "Of the two drugs," he 
said, t/ alcohol is probably the 
more disruptive when used to 
excess. " 

Roger Smith, who has set up 
a clinic in San Francisco, told 
the committee that, "As a re-
sult of this past summer 'smari-
Juana drought, many users are 
turning to other drugs." If Oper-
ation Intercept is successf\JI, this 
pattern will Increase, he said. 

, . 

• 

Rer.lI. Results 

by Roger SOOwley AS S~'te Notes Co ege Go,'ts · Do They 
Speak for the Students? 
The ancient UCSD problem of college versus campus appeared 

again this week when the AS Senate m,)V~d to appoint represen-
tatives to campus committees for the college governments until 
they can ·provide adequate mechanis ms for selecting student re-
presentatives. " 

In the past, the AS has been the strongest spokesman at UCSD 
for student opinion, and has preempted college views because 
neither Revelle nor Muir has yet been able to organize an efficient 
or effective government which can send student representatives. 

AS Senator, 'Dimension' Editor 
The AS has thus controlled campus-wide committee assignments, 

giving general regard to co llege representation In most cases. 
In lieu of organized college leaders, the deans of each college 

have often appointed students without receiving legitimate authority 
from the students as a whole. Elected to Revelle Positions Senator Lenny Bourin said that Alan Batchelder, dean of Muir students , made appointments while students remained disorgan-
ized. by Mike Kessel 

Staff Writer 
The Revelle Committee on Col-

lege Affairs and the Executive 
Committee were chosen by adis-
appointing turnout of Revelle un-
dergraduates in an election held 
Tuesday and Wednesday. Students 
chose six s tudent members of 
RCCA from a field 01 eight. 
Similarly the two student 
members of the Executive Com-
mittee were plucked from a field 
of six. 

Muir Elections 

Those elected to the Executive 
Committee were Mark Waxman 
and Paul Kaufman. 

Waxman was a candidate for AS 
President last quarter and is ac-
tive on assorted campus projects. 

Paul Kaufman, an AS Senator 
has other experience in student 
government. Among the pro-
jects he plans to pursue are a 
plan to make the Basic Language 
Program "much more flexible," 
and the possibility of including 
cultures other than western in 
the Humanities sequence. 

The faculty members of the 
Executive Committee, selected by 
the Revelle faculty, are Profs. 
Abram stroll (philosophy) and 
Jonethan Singer (biology). 

The student representatives on 
RCCA are; Bill Keegan, a re-
sident advisor; Karl Keating, ma-
1l3.ging editor of "Dimension;" 
Barbara Radall, Fritizi Muer, 
Radine Pettingell, three fresh-
menj and Thomas Caryl. 

President Jeff Benjamin explained that the AS was concerned about 
getting students appointed by students. "(1m not fighting the colleges, It 
he protested. "It's the administration that I'm concerned about.' 
Benajamin said that even with the establishment of viable college 
governments this month, student representatives would be appointed 
by fac ulty and staff along with the students. In effect, the faculty 
would be sending their own representatives and helping decide 
student representatives as we 11. 

This "double representation ' brought the senate into full debate 
on the meaning of college government. Steve ishme contended that 
college governments were the bona fide spokesmen for students 
at the college level. "If they want their government that way'-
he said, "then the AS has no constitutional right to say how they 
should select their representatives •• 

Petition Deadline for Muir 
Elections is Tuesday 

The three freshmen girls all 
have had prior student govern-
ment experience in high school. 
By far, Barbara RadaH has had 
the most extensive background. 
She was a member of every 
major committee n her high 
school, the most prominent being 
EC[VRES (that's service spelled 
backwards). 

Priscilla Lee Muer (Fritzi) 
has a deep interest in people. 
Her head resident encouraged her 
to seek the post. Priscilla is 
a decendent of John Alden and 
Priscilla Mullens, but doesn 't feel 

"Furthermore,' he continued, 'committee assignments should 
be diffused among different bodies. The AS Senate, made up of 
eight people, should not have the power to choose all appointments 
on campus.' 

Bourln described the conflict as hinging on the definition of 
"student' and ·co llege" government. 

Paul Kaufman offered a solution by saying that a student sub-
committee in each government should be responsible for sub-
mitting student nominations for campus committees. by lynn Yarborough 

Staff Writer 
Members of the Muir student 

body are being offered a unique 
opportunity to participate In 
a form of collegE government 
entirely new to UCSD ... the Muir 
College Council. 

The Muir CounCil, as defined 
by the Muir Faculty Sub-comm-
ittee on Educational Po IIcy, will 
"be the Chief agency olthe college 
as a whole, responsive to all 
aspects of college life: economiC, 
SOCial, educational and political. 
The more specific objectives of 
this group will be deter mined 
as its " first or de r of bus!ness." 
Thus, the potential influence and 
power of the Councll is theor-
etically unlimited. The extent to 
which this group becomes a de-
cisive and constructive vebicle 
for the change and improvement 
01 Muir College is entirely de-
pendent on the people who become 
inVOlved with it. 

The CouncU will consist otlive 
voting faculty members and five 
voting student members. There 
will also be five faculty and five 
student alternates. This will en-
sure the Council 10 voting 
members at all times. The five 
voting faculty members, as ch-
osen by the Executive Comm-
Ittee of the Muir Faculty on Oct. 

TRIDENT 
Yearlloo" 
Collapses 

Ru mor s that the "Trident, " 
the UCSD student yearbook, was 
in trouble were confirmed this 
week when editor Roger Showley 
announced the "Trident" would 
not be published this year. 

Showley said, "Orders were 
only about 1/4 of what had been 
expected. We needed to order 
1,000 "Tridents" to lower the 
price per book sufficiently.' 

Only 250 sales were made, 
however, and the Communica-
tions Board was unable to save 
the "Trident' due to its own 
financial dltflculties. 

Those who did 0 r d e r this 
year's "Trident" may geta com-
plete refund anytime between now 
and November 14. Receipts 
should be taken to Penny Murr 
in the student Activities attice, 
Bldg. 250 MC. 

6, are: Robert Erickson, Carl 
Helstrom, John Holland, Mar-
garet Langdon and Melford Spiro. 
Thus far, only one alternate David 
Antln, has been selected. student 
members will be elected next 
Thursday. 

The deadllne for applying for 
candidacy is 5:00 ii.m. next Tues-
day. Any student in good standing 
may apply by filing a petition for 
candidacy signed by 40 Muir stu-
dents. Interested students should 
contact the Provost's Ottice, 412 
MC, for further information. A 
question-answer period will be 
beld In the Matthews Cafeteria at 
5:00 p.m. next Wednesday to en-
able students to talk with the 
candidates. 

. that it will be a handicap. 
Karl Keating is a man of mo-

deration. In fact, he is mana-
ging editor of "Dimension." 
Some of his goals as a committee 
member are to "eliminate inef-
ficiency in student government" 
and "open the events on Revelle 
Plaza to the outside press." 
" klutz" (as he is otherwise 
known) would also like to expllJd 
the Revelle Guest In Residence 
Program. 
(CONTINUED ON PAGE 12) 

"OtherWise,' said steve Landau, editor of the Triton Times, 
"the faculty- members of all committees should be selected with 
student advice in each government." 

Presently the Academic Senate decides appointments for campus 
committees , and each college senate chooses professors for college 
committees. 

In the adopted resolution the AS Senate proposed that it choose 
temporary members for campus committees, especially the Re-
gistration Fee committee. President Benjamin was directed to 
exptain the AS view of stUdent representation to college govern-
ments when they are formed. 

Revelle elected its council this week, and Muir is scheduled 
to hold an election next week. 

The Senate also dealt with the following matters last Monday: 
A tuition research committee of the AS would be set up this 

)Veek to report to the Regents on the possible effect a tuition might 
have on student enrollment at UCSD. A similar report was given 
at last week's Regents meeting by UC san Francisco Med Center 
students. 

Faculty Considers Disavowal of 
1950 Anti-Communist Statement 

by Steve landau 
Ed i tor-J n-Chf ef 

Faculty opposition to the Regents' action 
in the Davis case has been nearlyunanlmous, 
and it appears c~rtain that a resolution of 
some form will be presented to the Regents 
by the Academic Assembly (the state-wide 
representative body of the UC facuIty), ex-
pressing opposition both to this action and 
to the 1950 resolution prohibiting the em-
ployment of Communists by the university. 

However, it appears that this body may 
have trouble in formulating a definitively 
worded statement, if the discussion that 
took place at Tuesday's meeting of the San 
Diego division of the Academic Senate is 
any indication. 

The Senate, meeting in regular session 
for the first time this year, discussed two 
resolutions which the Assembly is consid-
ering submitting to UC faculty by mail 
ballot. If the final form of these resolutions 
are overwhelmingly approved, the results 
will be presented to the Regents in the form 
of a "memorial," the strongest statement 
the Assembly can make. 

TI' resolutions disavowed support of the 
1950 ·ling (which the Assembly had at 
that Ume supported) and reaffirmed the con-
cept of " no political tests" which had been 
intrOduced by the Regents themselves, last 
AprU, In the form of the Roth amendment 
to the resolution in which theRegentsassum-
ed veto power over faculty appointments. 

Disagreement at the meeting came not over 
the general sense of these resolutions, but 
over the preamble, which sought to clarify 
the baSis upon which the criticisms of the 
Regents was being made. 

The version that received the most critici-
sm had been prepared earlier by six of the 

nine Division Chairmen who compose the 
Academic Council, another state-wide body. 
They felt that it would be advantageous to 
accompany a negative action, namely the 
disavowal of the 1950 ruling, with a positive 
statement of what faculty responsibility should 
be. 

The proposed statement, which referred 
to a faculty member's obligation to give 
his students free access to viewpoints other 
than his own," was thought by some to he 
too vague and, in practice, impossible to 
determine or enforce. 

Sheldon Schultz, Professor of Physics, felt 
that the resolutions should be clarified in 
a different manner. He proposed that a group 
be com missioned to produce a "white paper," 
which would explain to the public the reason-
Ing behind the reversal, within 20 years, of 
the Assembly's stand. This was also de-
feated, several members objecting that such 
a task would require the writing of a book 
at the very least. 

The feeling of the division w1ll now be 
communicated to the Assembly at their Nov. 
3 meeting by Chairman Gabriel Jackson. 
At that meeting the final resolution will 
probably be drafted, and submitted thereafter 
to the UC faculty for their consideration. 

Due to the lengthy discussion of this matter 
the Senate had to adjourn before completing 
much of the business on its agenda. Among 
the items that had to be postponed until 
next month's meeting were reports on Third 
College curriculum and student participation 
on Senate committees, as well as conclusions 
of the joint committee that had been comm-
issioned to consider the matter of with-
drawing credit for classes at the special 
session two weeks ago. 

several matters concerning internal pro-
cedure that have arisen from the increasing 
publicity given to Senate meetings over the 
course of the last year, and the correspond-
ing sensitivity of some Senate members to 
this public exposure. 

No action was taken on a resolution that 
would have .permitted one representative from 
each news media to obtain a press pass 
for Senate meetings. Prof. Victor Rumsey, 
who introduced the resolution , argued that 
since the Senate has allowed 28 observers 
into the room, and has broadcast audio trans -
missions to an adjoining room, Senate pro-
ceedings are public business. He felt that 
if news reports were being made, it would 
be better to allow first-hand observation. 

The reluctance of Senate members to ex-
pose themselves to public scrutiny was also 
exhibited in a resolution that provides for 
an immediate written ballot at Senate meet-
ings, upon the request of !S%ofthose present. 
PrOf. Doolittle, Chemistry Department, 
claimed, in support of the resolution, that 
with hand counts the votes of Senate members 
could be publicly record ~d. The resolution 
passed, 54-8. 

At Tuesday' s meeting results were releas-
ed ot a faculty straw vote on the des irab-
ility of continuing last year's policy of ad-
mitting 28 observE'r" 1'hi<: pn 11" " ., .. 'r"-
orted by 129 members of the diVision, while 
60 wanted no students admitted; 31 offered 
various other alternatives. As to the feas-
ibility of continuing the audio transmission, 
162 voted yes, 91 no- not quite two thirds 
in favor. 

Meanwhile both the audio and the student 
observers remained, although only some 
eight student availed themselves olthe prlv-

In other business the nate dealt with j lege. 
triton tfmes--friday. october 24--paQe 3 



itOIl till1.es 
tt IAL 

Three Roads to Disaster 
The Regents' meeting ot last week should be 

a sign to all that the State-wide University ad-
ministration now considers tuition inevitable. What 
is more, those Regents who have traditionally 
opposed tuition have now aceeded to its necessity. 

The prospect of tuition has surfaced as a result 
of two crises now fac Lng the university. 

First of all our Governor is leading a taxpayer's 
revolt directed at education in general, and the 
University of California in particular. Every 
year that he has been in office he has mercilessly 
slashed the operating budget recommended by Pre-
sident Charles Hitch. 

ow he has promised a UC construction budget 
of no more than $36 million, le ss than one half 
of present needs. The effect of this wuld be 
to cripple the expansion of the university at this, 
a cruc ial time in its growth. 

But more importantly, the state's bond issue, 
used to finance construction, are not selling in 
the currently inflated market at the low interest 
rate of five per cent. Hence, now even Reagan's 
$36 million may never be realized. 

It is these budgetary constraints that have forced 
the UC administration to adopt an attitude of: 
" If we must have tUitton, let's make sure it is 
the most equitable plan." 

Hitch reported to the Regents on the three 
leading plans now being considered. 

The Collier plan, which received the support 
of this year's state Assembly, calls for a flat 
fee tuition equal · to the actual cost of education 
(approximately $1,200 a year), which would be 
repaid by the student after graduation when his 
yearly income exceeds $10,000. Interest would 
be charged from the time of issuance of the loan. 

The Reagan plan includes a flat fee tuition--

approximately $250 per quarter, coupled with a 
"comprehensive loan program." 

Finally, the Monagan Plan Is a graduated tuition 
fee corresponding to family income. 

All three plans are clearly difficult to administer 
and sometimes inequitable. The Collier plan is 
both expensive to administer and unfair to the 
student. It forces graduates to "Indenture" them-
selves at a time in their life when they can least 
afford large payments. 

Furthermore, analyses ot the payment plan have 
revealed that not only is the yearly charge ex-
cessive, the the interest rates have somewhat 
the sa me effect as the installment plans whict 
dupe many American housewives. 

Reagan's plan Is clearly elitist and further 
discourages low income access to the University. 
Monagan's plan is, like Collier 's, expensive to 
administer. It places the heaviest load on the 
middle income family, already hardest hit by 
taxes. 

It is important to note that Reagan, having 
succeeded in instituting tuition, could then reduce 
current levels of State support for the University. 
Any tuition plan should suppLement the curren! 
inadequate budget, not be a substitute for current 
funding. It is essential that some agreement 
be reached on this before any committment is 
made to tuition. 

We find all three plans Inadequate and OPPOSE 
any tuition until an equitable plan with carefulll 
delineated uses is formulated. 

We feel tuition in itself is undesirable. It 
may now be a necessary evil because the Governor, 
ostensibly speaking for the people of California, 
is unwilling to support higher education in this 
state at a level it deserves. 

Revive the Spirit of 76 
Students and faculty throughout 

the University are deeply con-
cerned with the future of this in-
stitution. The general concensus, 
as shown in the recent student re-
ferendum, is that Ronald Reagan's 
hostile actions threaten the exist-
ence of the university. The com-
munity is constantly convening, 
convoking and rallying about this 
problem, trying to find a solution 
that will reduce the political pres-
sures and help to direct state 
support to increasing the services 
and commitment ofthe university. 

out that the university faces a de-
crease in quality with the curtail-
ment of funds , that the university 
must expand to meet the true re-
quirements of our fractured so-
ciety, and that Reagan's political 
influence is a danger. And for all 
this brilliant reasong, Reagan re-
mains supreme in the field of 
educational politics today. 

government that attempts to af-
Cect the campuses. The duties 
would basically be two fold, the 
collection and distribution ot in-
formation, and the formation of 
a semi-permanent body that would 
cooperate with the press, and pro-
vide educated soureces of opinion 
and judgement. 

With the help of donations that 
it would also raise, the Commit-
tee would organize some of the 
massive talent on the campus. It 
could direct, produce publicity, 
video tapes, radio spots; it could 
provide articles, speakers and in-
terviews to all of the media. Our 
students and professors of educa-
tion, political science, medicine, 
economics, philosophy, social 
science, psychology and the phy-
sical sciences would be encoura-
ged to prepare their analysis of 
the present situation and the ne-
cessary course Cor the future . 
The Committee would initiate 
polls of the community and pre-
pare the information for the 

And for all this effort, Ronald 
Reagan has benn consistently suc-
cessful at reducing the Univer-
sity's ability to ever maintainthe 
present educational leve 1, and su-
ccessful at increasing his politi-
cal influence in the structure of 
the institution. He has openly 
c !aimed that he hopes to continue 
this interference until he makes 
the institution "safe" for his" si-

The University has failed to 
discredit Reagan because basic-
ally, it only talks to itself. AL-
though there 2.!'e half-hearted at-
tempts to pamphlet a junk mail 
weary populace and massive de-
monstrations that receive spora-
tic, violent television coverage, 
the mass of our discussion never 
leaves the walls of our ivory to-
wers. 

lent rna iority' • 
Time and time again we have 

heard professors, students, and 
administrators point out that the 
silent majority is a myth, point 

What is called for is a series 
of Committees of Correspondence 
With student and faculty repre-
sentation, these Committees 
would become speCialists in the 
collection and preparation of in-
for mation, initiation of studies 
and articles, re lations with the 
news media, and supervisors of 
the various organs of the state 

EDITrJR·e>·CHlEf 
Ste\le LanrJau 

SlWS WITOR 
Roger Showlf' Y 

ASi(J( . NEWS EOITOk 
Paul Emus 

F lA TtRllOlTfJR 
rom Blker 

,IRTS t.DIHlR 
Bill AIa",lu 

SPORTS WITf>fl 
Bob Gorby 

If triton 
MANAGING EDITOR 
Hay a. ... ~rs 

COPY W ITtJR 
Haywoo<l Cammon 

ASStJC crJPY EOI fOR 
Chu(ir: Graham 
PW,TlJGRAlJHr I:.UIJVIt 
Bruce Van 9rocklln 

ADI ERTISINf, MA~AGEk 
!Ja v. HoiUM 

WCCATltJl WIUTEk 
Tom Sholpar J 

~ IENCE ~RI1ER 
Sleve Sl ryt ·r 

R[SEARCH IJIREC F ,R 
Joei Goodman 

The TlUT(j~, TI II:.S 1$ olflri.lly recolJlllze1 and , u"""rted 
a udent new<,pa r by IhP lC,mm 'Jfi lf'atlon Board or 

tho Lntver Ity or C.hJornl •• san 1/1 '. Hul"'I,,, 25() ~.I. 
thews Campus, La JoUa, ( :tltlrJrnu nO:17. In uklllC f'tJlurial 
pn IhoM, t T8lTO~ TI MlS I" nol rppre ')flfltlnC the \'1f!'w'S 
(I t the l.mver tty. thl studen.. CO\lunmenl. or the srudent 
body 2. a ... htJl", ' )fhcial TPrr (;.'" TIMt.S tdllonal opinion 
I IJ(pres.sed c,nly In those e ·1'Jmns On t~ et1ltorial pi e 
r,.@cltkally delill~led tor those purJl')~s. The TRITON 

TIMr.s pobll,l ...... kly 00 ~ fI.uy thro'gh o.o:.mbtr 2 
1969. Address all COrrta.poMfH£@ to : THI1{JN riMES: 
V.O . 80, 109 La Jolla 92037. Pho 4~3·21JOO. XIOI7. 

tri to(t ~jmes--.fr;~ay" oC,tober Z~ 

tiInes 
WHITING STAFF 
e ta, An<le rson 
Ste .. e Carpenter 
Raoul Contreras 
SUe Halton 
Rich Heimlich 
B.rbara Janeway 
Kathy Jans".n 
Portia LaTouchB 
" m \brill 
Bob Schwartz 
Lynne y.rIlOrOOch 

ARTS WRITlRS 
Paid Hambor g 
Larry Johnson 
Dana Hutolo 

,PORTS WRITERS 
~ re~ Grunewald 
Larrv IWul 
CUrk Rosen 
PIiOTIJ(.HAPHf. HS 
I4rk Trllllni 
!Jav.y,altace 
Clark y,lI5<.oIl 
1£e I I~ I( AI. CR f. W 
Kim Ale,ander 
Belh I yon 

ARTL>T& 
Jim lJyk. 
s., """,. WorLoya 
ROb (0 n 

pa ge j!+ .. ,. 
, , J 

press. 
The political issues, rather 

than candidates could be support-
ed, and the people of the state 
could be told what is planned for 
their money, and what they gain 
from it. People would be encou-
raged to write letters to the state 
legislature expressing their opin-
ion and providing a counterbal-
ance to the heated communica-
tions from the enemies ofthe uni-
versity. 

The news media would respond 
if they fe It that the group repre~ 
sented a fairly informed, well 
represented board. Therefore, 
some methOd of representation 
of an executive board would be 
necessary, with a volunteer staff 
that would provide the majority of 
the workers. The board would 
have to be renewed and the in-
stitutions of the comm ittee stabi-
lized to provide a consistantly re-
cognizable organization. The 
news media would be ingratiated 
by the willingness of the commit-
tee to provide judgement and news 
tips, and would eventually find 
some sort of work relationship. 

AS SeI.t.' 5 Act;ol ... t 'I''''''' to 
Usurp t'e College Go,erillents 

BY JEFF BENJAMIN, AS PRESIDENT 
(Editor's note: the following column is written by AS President Jeff 
Benjamin in an attempt to explain the action taken by the AS Senate . 
on Monday, when they temporarily assumed awolntment power 
for the college governments. For more information on the topic 
see this week's AS Senate Notes.) 

It should be made immediately clear that the AS Senate, in its 
resolution of October 20 on the registration tees committee, had 
no intention ot usurping the rights ofthe colleges to appoint members 
to the campus-wide administrative committees. The resolution was 
made in the spirit of affirming the position of the AS that student 
appointments should be made by students without influence by non-
student groups. 

Because the administration takes the AS appointments as re-
commendations, albeit approval Is usually automatic, it is impor-
tant that the selection procedure be maintained as a student func-
tion. 

The motion clear ly indicates that the AS is waiting for the estab-
lishment of student selection committees at the various colleges. 
When these begin to [unction, the AS appointments will terminate 
and the college people will take over. The AS is thus merely serv-
ing as a temporary appoi.ntment body and has no intention of per-
manently serving this function outside of its own specilic appoint-
ments. 

The problem situation can be quickly alleviated at Revelle by 
the establishment of a student sub-committee of the college gov-
ernment and almost as rapidly at Muir since government there will 
be soon in coming. However, as the campus-wide student govern-
ment, the AS has an obligation to the students to insure that, in the in-
terim, students are not selected by non-students or non-student 
groups. . 

It appears that in the future, student government at UCSD will 
evolve into a federalistic structure. However, in the mean time, 
is student interests are to be given the service they deserve, the 
channels for the transmission of those interests tot the powers 
that be must be maintained by the most viable student organiza-
tion on campus, the ASUC5O. 

It is my personal opinion that the selection of students for ad-
ministration committees by administrators (even in conjunction 
with faculty and some students) does not constitute real student 
input into campus decision-making. 

I hope that the AS and the college governments can work to their 
mutual benefit and together can work for the benefit of all UCSD stu-
dents. It was with this in mind that the AS Senate passed the October 
20 resoltulon and will continue to work for student representation in 
all areas 01 campus policy and decision making. 

Student Opinions Sought 
on Registration Procedures 

The Committee on Educational 
Policy, an Academic Senate com-
mittee consisting of seven faculty 
members, is presently concerned 
that many students were unable 
to register in the courses they 
wanted this quarter. 

The committee has asked the 
Registrar to supply statistical 
information on this problem and 
department chairmen to tell about 
their problems with a large en-
rollment. In order to get a 
reasonably complete picture of 
the situation, the committee would 
also like to have reports from 
students 0 n how they were af-
fected. Any students are urged 
to write the committee about their 
experiences in registration. Any 
torm is acceptable, but the fol-
lowing topics may be helpful for 
organization. 

1. What classes, if any, were 
you excluded from? 

2. U you were unable to re-
gister in a class, was ita serious 
inconvenience toy 0 u r overall 
progress here? For example, 

were you prevented from taking 
any key courses in a major or 
minor program? 

3. Were you unable to re-
gister for a full program 01 
four courses because of closed 
classes and what effect does this 
have on you--delay graduation; 
subject you to draft? 

In addition, students might 
care to comment on how they 
teel the University should deal 
with this problem which may be-
come increasingly serious. 

1. How should students be 
chosen If there Is more demand 
for a course than there are 
placed in the course? First 
come, first served? Randomly? 
By need? 

2. Would you prefer larger 
class sizes or to have some 
students excluded from classes? 

students wishing to respond, 
please address replies to the 
Committee on Educational Policy 
and Courses, c/o Academic 
Senate Office, 106 Matthews 
C m 

" ••• Secllf1"Y ~A$ A 
t1611T' 'TD PJtoTECT 
InCl.f '~I>M ITt 

EAJ~IES AIon> PoU 
NOT HAvE TO S"",,,n,e 
"T liE CDH.sPl(~"'. h 

-Pl. Il4AX f.N'~~n 

( . 

',ffers_ 
Candlepo.er is n~t Communication 

Just recently many people at-
tempted to convey their views 
on this nation's prolonged in-
volvement in an undeclared war 
by lIgbtlng candles or by keeping 
their headlights burning. This is 
just the latest example r:l the 
growing trend to substitute sym-
bolism and slogans for reasoned 
argumentations and rational de-
bate on controversial issues in 
the Plbllc forum. 

To resort to this sort at crude 
communication mig h t be con-
doned in an electorate composed 
of llliterates, but in a nation 
with a free press, free electioos 
and compllsory Plbllc education 
it is not only unnecessary bJt 

unpardonable. 
Especially is it so when the 

students, faculty and graduates 
of our Institutions of higher 
I ear n in g--who, of all people, 
should be able to express them-
selves cogently In understandable 
English--stoop to the sign 
language, gestures and physical 
demonstrative level of a kinder-
gartener. 

There is nothing new in today' s 
problems. Men have always 
sougbt to eliminate war, oppres-
Sion, ignorance, poverty, dls-

. ease, and the abuse of arbitrary 
pOwer. All men desire peace, 
freedom, knowledge, prosperity, 
health and restrictions on their 

Wllere Does Our Money GO? 
Each quarter, with sorrowful 

cries of fare will, UCSD students 
re luctantly part with $106 in or-
der to pay what the cashier's 
office calls a -registration fee.' 

Most students, it seems don't 
know that six ot these dOllars 
go to the coffers ofthe Associated 
Students. They may be aware of 
the fact that each year the AS 
Senate approves a budget for 
the coming year, but prombly 
don't know exactly how their six 
dollars are distributed within the 
buill'et. 

It seems that not even the AS 
Senators, those who are sup-
posedly the best-informed as to 
the operations of the AS, have 
a clear notion of fund distri-
bution within the budget. 

Shouldn't the students know 
where their s I x dollars go? 
Shouldn't they care? Supposedly, 
most of today's students come 
from a "middle class· socioeco-
nomic background. When one 
considers this in the light of the 
AS budget, one is driven to pon-
der just what today's "middle 

A RlSI~ NEW CAUSE OF 
SEVERE BRAIN IWMGE: 

rulers. Few men differ on these 
goals, but thinking men will al-
ways differ on the best means 
to achieve these ends. 

In our attack OIl these age-
old ills of mankind, more pro-
gress will be made by making 
sense than by waving signs. So--
let's exchange our reasons, not 
totems; our rationale, not epi-
thetsl 

ThiS, not candlepower, Is the 
way to enlightenment. 

George Gilson 
---..-.-..-..-..~ ............. 
class· really is. 

Nonchalanlty shelling out six 
dollars may be fine for some, 
but there are others who find 
this money hard to come by. 
Likewise, there will always be 
agencies willing to direct the 
spending of fund s as they see fit. 
Shouldn't the students have a 
voice in how their funds are 
spent? Shouldn't they expect 
an answer to the question, • Where 
did that money go?-

Jim Greenslate 

Tllanks for 
Moratorium 
We would like to thank the UC-

50 community for their enthu-
siastic support of the October 
15th Moratorium. 

Congratulations to the 300 to 
500 persons who went out into 
San Diego. Our campus, by the 
way, distriooted over 120,000 
leaflets. 

Plans for the November 15th 
and 16th moratorium day strike 
currently envision a march and 
rally in downtown San Diego. 
Use of Balboa Park may be 
denied because of an official 
po sit ion that people passing 
through would have to listen to 
the rally. However, the city plan-
ning commission is considering 
a permit. 

The UC50 Viet Nam Mora-
torium Day Committee will be 
holding its organizational meet-
ing in USB 2622 on Oct. 29 at 
7:30 p.m. All students who want 
to participate in the moratorium 

, should attend. 
Love and Peace, 

UCSD Viet Nam Moratorium 
Steering Committee 

Cathy Janssen 
What's in a Number Anyway? 
Y.ou know why Muir College numbers the names "Oh-h," she was relieved 

of Its dorms ~d clas~room~'? And why Reve~le Panic spread over the' face of her fr iend 
College n;mes Itself things ltke Beagle, Atlanhs, "The problem," [ continued, "Is that each ha~ 
and Blake . one refrigerator " 

Because there's an administrative scheme to Panic disappe~red 
enumerate IIberal-arted Muir minds and to lruman- "Now if A 1 trad i 9 M lze Revelle's . . ' - es s x -ounce . erry Cherry 

Not really: frUit pies and seven ll-ounce cartons of Refresh 
• Lemonade for B-I 's seventeen 16-ounce pineapple-

Revelle was numbers before It was names. yogurts And if B gives A 1 t 7 I Nobody's gotten ar d t . M I that' ., - en -ounce app es 
oun 0 nammg u r, s in exchange for A-l's box of twelve 6-ounce 

all. There was a committee for that sort of thing orange and white 50-50's 
last .year, but it never met. "l)Upposlng refrigerat~rs are 24 x 30 x 54 

still, nU~bers for names isn't such a bad idea. Then transferring ounces to inches and tood t~ 
In fact, it s a pretty good problem. A real live refrigerators, which refrigerator would have the 
story problem. One in which unaccountable Muir most space remalning? The next t? And th 
minds allover the dorm, everywhere, could find next?" mos . e 
themselves. 

One night I spoke about it to my roommate as 
she struggled over some theorems with one of 
her friends. 

"Mathematically speaking," [spoke, "Wouldn't 
It be terriflc to have a story problem that was in-
tegrated with the living numbers of, say, tbe dor-
mitory?" . 

She said it was terrific alright and woold [ hold 
on for a second While they worked out the proof. 

"[ have the proof," [ sald. "Here's the story. 
Ahem .•. given A, A-I, B, and B-1 (4 which are 
8 of 2.)" 

"4 which are 8 of 21" wailed the roommate. 
"I'm noored. How will story problems ever be 
releveot starting out with complex numbers?" 

"Tbese are suite numbers, not at all complex 
I'm referring, of course, to the first 4 noor~ 
out r:l the 8 in binding 2.' ' 

, , II. , 

The roommate gagged. 
Her fr iend started to say something about trans-

ferring ounces, but she interrupted. 
"Impossible. The whole thing Is impossible. 

A of 2 Is completely males and they'd never 
trade Merry Cherry Pies for pineapple yogurt. 
Furthermore, B-l's girls only have carrots in 
their refrigerator." 

"But it's hypothetical," I protested. 
"You said it was relevent. lf you'd open your 

eyes, you'd see that A-I coulm't possibly have 
twelve 50-50' s in the refrigerator because some-
body put a Biafra poster on the door and since 
then the refrigerator hasn't worked," 

"Necromancy," I Said. 
"No, somebody unplugged It." 
"Forget it. Neither rI. you have proofs you can 

count on," Slid the math frIend. "['m going up 
2, 3 noors to b1udy in the C-73 double." 

-------Jim Greenslate 
Salute to Student Klutz 

Recognition of Student Klutz is more than overdue. 11 is long 
past time that he be afforde1 the publicity and attention that he 
so diligently deserves. 

student Klutz has exemplified himseU in a consistent manner 
tor an extended period. He has continuously maintained his in-
variant conduct under the strain of nearly unbearable burdens. 

This salute, like Student Klutz, is of an unusual nature. For 
the jlraise to be bestowed on this deserving individual will not 
allude to anyone, two, or three ot his noteworthy acts, but to 
his innumerable undeeds. 

Yes, the record of these undeeds is, to say the least, boundless. 
So mu~t. ,(I that it is nearly impossible to enumerate any of them, 
lest others perhaps more phenomenal go unmentioned. Yet to 
cite none would certainly be a total disservice to student Klutz; 
even to the extent that the unlisting of these momentous undeeds 
could itseU appear as an attempt to surpass the towering standard 
of this exalted one. 

So let there be no further delay. 
Student Klutz, you are to be extolled for the de~ee of success 

you have achieved in letting all your friends and fellow students 
not know of your laudable unfeats. Most oC us have know you 
tor a considerable time yet we were not aware of your true glory. 

Mention should be made of the manner in which you, Student 
Klutz, have managed to not be identified within that huge campus 
unit that has received so much publicity of late. The importance 
of this is magnified when one realizes that it was you yourseU 
who created this well- known corps, the "silent majority.· 

And, perhaps most important, we must commend you, Student 
Klutz, for your consistency in not allowing yourself to be inClu-
enced by the trivialities of student life. Without your example, 
how could we have ever proplerly learned such arduous untasks 
as not voting in student elections, not attending student functions and 
not voicing any constructive suggestions for improvement of these 
functions ? ALso, we must not forget your untaking of positions 
on important issues. 

Space dictates that no further specific honors be cited now. It 
is felt, however, that the following promise should be made. 

Student Klutz, since your conduct does have such profound affects 
upon all of us here at UCSD and at other campuses, every attempt 
wlll be made to see that you get the applause you so justly deserve. 

(A salute to one of Klutz's classmates, Student Schmuch, will 
follow.) 

'~~~~ ==~~ .") ;>~ ;;=-i!:;',~ rili 
We set the scene, },/j 
the choice is yours. Jil, 

Imported 
'Low 

George' 

II 

~~ 
\~ 
II 

~ ~ ?!/. (( ;, 
\ 

triton t1mes--friday, october 24--paQe 5 



United States in Vietnam 
It Will Fail 

by Raoul Conterras 
Staff Writer 

"It will fail" was the unequivocal opin-
ioo of Tun Van Dinh, former South 
Vietnamese ambassador to the U.S., on 
President Nlxoo's new policy for Vlet-
namization of the Southeast Asian con-
nlct. 

The Viet Minh veteran of the war 
against French colonialism told his au-
dience last Monday that this and any 
similar policy would fail because," ... this 
war. even if you doo't like It, is already 
lost." 

Van Dinh stated that throughout the 
war the U.S. objective has been to prevent 
the VC from gaining political power in 
the South.l However, we ar~ now doing 

In the current national debate on the United State's 
involvement in Southeast Asia, all sides of the issue 
have been aired by the policy makers and the protes-
ters--by the Informed and the incensed, by the man 
on the street and the soldier In the field. This week 
these vlews have been brought to UCSD in a special 
series of six lectures sponsored by the Campus-wide 
Coordinating Committee for Special Programming. In 
this issue the Triton Times presents a report on 
three of these lectures in order to help the University 
community better undarstand tbe problems facing the 
US in Its attempt to end Its Involvement In the war. 
Next week, we will include a review of last night's 
speech by James D. Bell, US Ambassador to Malaysia, 
and today's concluding panel discussion on the con-

to honorabl e extraction from the conflict. 
However, in his opinion it will only lead . 
to great bitterness. 

He stated that Americans in Saigon 
now have a contingency plan to fight the 
South Vietnamese. After the American 
forces have been great ely reduced and 
the VC gain corresponding political power, 
he said, the South Vietnamese officers 

we want to do anyway. 
Van Dinh used thelecturetorecommeod 

that Presldeot Nixon use his November 3 
address to call for a unilateral ceaselire 
and formation of a commission to look 
into tbe problems of withdrawal. 

Tran Van Dinh fs a Washington-based free-lance 
writer, who was a senior member of the South Viet-
namese foreign service until his resignation in 1964. 
He served as Minister to Burma In 1958, Director 
General of Information in late 1960, and Charge d' 
Affaires to the United States in 1963. 

In answer to whether our withdrawal 
would be a renegatloo of our promise to 
uphold the liberty of the South Vietnamese 
people, he stated, • 'What they really want 
is peace." He also felt the American 
view that because the Vietnamese peasant 
Is illiterate he is politically deleoseless 
is wrong, 

"Any new government will be forced 
to be democratic. After 20 years of 
fighting the Vietnamese peasant is politi-
cally aware, knows his rights, and knows 
how to fight. He will not be oppressed," 

everything possible to get the VC to ne-
gotiate. This, in essence, is an admission 
of VC political power and failure In our 
objective. Van Dinh felt the essential 
question now Is how to stop all further 
senseless killing. 

The former ambassador believed the 
Vletnamization policy has great attraction 
to Americans because it seems to lead 

will find it necessary to fight the Ameri-
cans to prove theY're as nationalistic 
as the VC and North Vietnamese. 

The former cabinet position holder 
in the Diem government felt most of 
our negotiation problems stem from a 
misinterpretation of Hanoi's demands. He 
said Hanoi's position is that we accept 
the principle of withdrawal, which Is what 

He said the American goal should be 
reunification and not division of Viet 
Nam, It Is only in this way that the 
country can remain strong enough to 
maintain Independence of China and 
Russia. He felt the North Vietnamese 

. had maintained remarkable lndependence 

• Why? 

Tran Van Dlnh in UCSD Gym 

of China conSidering they were fighting 
a war. 

Van Dlnh concluded by criticising the ' 
average American of being to apolitical 
in the past, and our tendency to let 
issues ride until it was too late. He 
said all Americans should reassess our 
foreign policy. "Any American mistake 
has many effects on many countries." 

China, U.S. at Odds The W ar isOver 
by Chelsea Riband 

Staff l~riter 
"Communist China and the United States 

have not expressed congruency on any major 
international issue in the last twenty years. " 
General Victor H. Krulak said Tuesday in his 
lecture on Red China and America's future. 

He went on to say" A lesson that has been 
taught but never learned is that strength and 
nerve are the reallngredients of success with 
any confrontation with Communist power." 

" In dealing with Red China," he said, , the 
United States should first try to understand 
what they l!1'e trying to achieve as a nation." 
General Krulak considers those aims to be 
that: 

1. Red China wants to preserve her empire. 

head over heels in the nuclear business." 
"Red China believes that political power 
grows from the barrel of a gun." She has 
the technological capacity to and is producing 
nuclear weapons. "And this development 
should be a ponderable factor in the aUatrs 
of the world and how it can affect her neigh-
bors." 

"China is the oldest s tate in the world 
and she has a quarter of the population of the 
world. And she is sacrificing in every en-
deavor to invest over $3 billion in gaseous 
diffusion plants and is advancing fast towards 
thermo-nuclear weapons," 

General Krulak stated, " China says she 
does not want a nuclear war, but that we do. 
That the United States and Russia has forced 
her to develop nuclear weapons," 

William R. Corson is a former Maine Colonel and 
author of "The Betrayal: a report on the sabotage 
of our ·other war~ in Vietnam. He holds a Ph. D 
in Chinese money policies and is a trained physicist 
who has lived, worked and traveled in Japan, China, 
Indonesia, Thailand, Burma, Laos and Cambodia 
throughtout cold war years. His last military as-
s ignment was in the field of pacification and insur-
gency in Vietnam. 

2. China aspires to control Taiwan, the off-
shore islands, and ve r y possibly Indo-China. 

3. Red China seeks to influence the political 
attitude of her s mall neighbors . 

4. China wants to be militarily secure a-
gainst any moves thai could be made by the 
United States or Russil. 

5. Red China wants ,;tature. 
General Krulak thel. stated " Red China is 

Said the General, " The problem now con-
cerning us is what should we do about China? 
It is important to talk about mutual concerns 
right now. Either through formal dipolomatic 
relations, or a gradual broadening of econo-
mic relations. U we are to communicate 
with Red China we must first know how they 
fee l, they mus t know how we feel, and we 
mus t talk on grounds that are acceptable to 
both s ides ." 

by Kathy Janssen 
Staff Writer 

The war is over. 
The kids finally turned it around. 
And October 8th the Nixon Admintstra-

tion "put their tails between their legs" and 
pulled out. All that remains of the war are 
the mechanics of removing troops, machi-
nery, prisoners, and political knots-. 

William R. Corson put forth these opin-
ions on Wednesday night. 

Vietnam failed, he said, because it was a 
place to test theories , two theories, based 
on Truman's 22-year-old policy of defen-
ding national security. They were adopted 
by Kennedy, the "boy president" In 1961. 

First was the approach of WUliam Wal-

in view of other issues, creating dlffarent 
levels of guerilla warfare: global politics, 
insurgency vs. counter-insurgency, neo-
isolationism, and over-reaction. 

" It was all too difficult to follow, too 
easy to ignore. So it was ignored, he be-

, lieved. "Free men did not support the 
institutions. They became slaves to their 
own ambitions and charletons had a field-
day making a buck." 

"And we've got just what we've asked-
for. ' 

It could have been avoided. "What you 
need is a little hard work." " People need 
to think. The Y have to know where they 
want to go, bow, and why." 

As Robert E. Lee saId, Corson observed 

General Victor H. Krulak, USMC ret., is a 1934 
graduate of Annapolis. He has served both in China 
and the Pacific during World War II, and later in 
Korea. During an assignment as Commander of Marines 
In the Pacific, he made 54 trips to Vietnam. He re-
tired in 1968 and is currently Vice President of the 
Copley Newspaper Corporation and President of the 
Copley News Service. 

ter Rostow " to program the development 
of an underdeveloped society." Second was 
the military strategy of MaxweliD. Taylor 
for "counter insurgency." 

"Know your stuff. Take care of your troops 
and everything will be all right." 

"But we don't do any of this." 
co Fifteen kids could turn the state De-

partment inside out. .. 
No voices of opposition were heard about "But those kids aren't there." 

this theory-policy. There was no discri- Qualifications for military leadership, 
mination made between making plicy-and for example , have really gone down the 
examining, then adopting 11. drain to accomodate the fewer and fewer 

The war in Vietnam became complex applicants. 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • : .• 
• • • • 
• • 
• • • ·45,485 ..... and the war goes on • 
• • • • 
• • • • 
· : •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ~riton times--friday. october 24--oaqe 6 

Program 80ard invites New 
Members for Committees 

Famed Yoga Instructor to Visit 
by Jim Magi ll 

Have you ever lett early from a coocert or dance wishing you 
bad bad something to do with the programming, instead of whoever 
thought up the eveot? Most of the students of UCSD have no idea 
of tbe complexities behind the planning of a year of activities. At 
UCSD this job is accomplished by tbe Program Board. 

Instituted a year ago to coordinate the activities sponsored by 
the Associated students, the Prorram Board now maintains a yearly 
budget of $20,000. This mooey is allocated to the Program Board by 
tbe AS Senate which receives the funds through the quarterly $6 
AS fee. 

Tbe Program Board cooslsts of the chairman and five committees 
reporting to him throueb their committee beads. The chairman this 
year Is junior Jim Magill. The five committees are the FUm; Social 
Events--Dancej Performing Arts; Recreation; and Coffee Hut Enter-
tainment. 

The film committee is respoosible for the "Friday Night Movie" 
series. This CJlarter the films include: "Hemingway's Adventures 
of a Young Man," Oct. 24; "Spook Spectacular," Oct. 31; "The 
Mouse that Roared," Nov. 7; "One Potato, Two Potato," Nov. 14 ; 
"Cape Fear" and "Ulysess," Nov. 14; "CitizenKane" and "General 
Spanty," Nov. 21j and 00 Dec. 5 "Revival," the UCLA student film 
program. 

Tbe Social Events-Dance Committee provides the free events forl 
the students. Under the direction of seniors Glenn Forsch and Ben 
Rode, it selects local groups for the free dances and spoosors otber 
activities like the Fall Bawl on Nov. 1; the Sadie Hawklns Hog Call 
on Nov. 25; and the Robert F. Topolovac Pie Eating Contest in the 
winter quarter. 

The most important committee is the Performing Arts-Concert 
Committee. Headed by the chairman of the Program Board, it will 
sponsor in the coming months "Voices Inc .... on Nov. 22, witb Arts 
and Lectures; the Monday Evenlng Singers from UCLA on Nov. 15, 
again with Arts and Lectures; Clabe Hangan on January 10; and 
the PacifiC Repertory Theater in Sartre's "No Exit" 00 Feb. 7. 
The committee will also be responsible for providing four or more 
concerts in the next two CJlarters. 

Those interested in serving on any of these committees should 
come to the student Activities Office, Building 250, MC or call 
extension 1918. 

Odt"_ Mee';n 

by Chela Wakefield 
Staff Writer 

' Indra Devl, the world-re-
nowned author and teacher of 
Yoga, will visit UCSD at noon 
next We<mesday in front of the 
MC Cafeteria. 

She will speak on Yoga, her 
experiences and adventures In 
India and around the world, and 
will lead group Singing of Indian 
Balans. 

Tbe daughter of a Russian 
noblewoman and a SWedish bank 
director, the then Eugenle Peter-
son was born in the pre-World 
War I era. J Since 
early teens, she was Irresistibly 
drawn to India with its orienlal 
mysticism and ancient philoso-
phies. 

After becoming III fro m a 
grave heart condition, 
which Indra Devl suffered for 
over four years, she started 
taking the Yoga healing treat-
ments, and her healtb was re-
stored within one week. 

This prompted her to imme-
diately begin studying Yom. and 
she subsequently became the 
first occidental woman to ever 
teach Yoga in the country of its 
origin. It was there that she 
was g!v the name Indra Devl, 
which she now wears with the 
same dignity and grace with 
which she wears an Indian sari. 

At the suggestion of her tea-
cher, Shrl Krishnamacbarya, she 

opened a Yoga school in Shanghai, 
the first one in China. In spite 
of the war and the Japanese 
occupation of Shanghai, the en-
thusiastic Yoga leacher kept open 
the doors of her school even on 
the days when the city was 
bombed. 

As soon as the hostilities were 
over, Indra Devl returned to India 
where she was acknowledged as 
a Yoga teacher and was per-
suaded to write a book which 
was published there under tbe 
title "Yoga, tbe Technique 01 
Health and Happiness," wblch 
reawakened a wide in t ere s t 
among Indians for their once 
widespread science, art and 
philosophy of living. 

In 1947 Indra Devi sailed to the 
U.S, for a brief visit, but the 
civil strife In India caused her 
to remain in Los Angeles and 
open a school there. Among her 
numerous students were Aldous 
Huxley, Yehudi Menuhin, Greta 
Garbo and Robert Ryan. 

Her books, "Forever Young 
Forever Healthy," and "Yoga 
for Americans,' published by 
Prentice-Hall, were botb on tbe 
best seller lists in this country. 
Each of tbese books sold more 
than 100,000 copies, were trans-
lated into 10 languages and were 
sold in 13 countries. 

In 1957, the president of india 
presented Indra Devl with a gov-
ernment award tor the Sindhi 
translation of her first book. Her 

pray for (nul m. 

Regents Kick·Off Tuition Fight 
by Tom Shepard 
Educ~tion~riter 

week's State Supreme Court decision, left 
tuition as the only controversial issue facing 
the Regents this month. 

Medical Center, presented a nine page report 
describing the effect tuition would have on 
students on his campus. 

The Regents of the University of Calif-
ornia, meetlng in Los Angeles, reopened the 
tuition controversy in a two-hour debate 
last Friday. 

The discussion of tuition took place amid 
fears of large-scale student demonstrations 
against the Regents' recent Angela Davis 
ruling. 

University Extension In downtown Los An-
geles, the site of the meeting, was surrounded 
by one of the most massive police deploy-
ments In Southern California history. Re-
gents Fred Dutton and William Roth des-
cribed the meeting place as "an armed 
camp. " 

Confrontation was forestalled, however, by 
a delay in action on the Davis case and 
the failure by UCLA students to attract more 
than 150 demonstrators despite free bus trans-
portation from the cross-town campus. 

The delay In action on Miss Davis's firing, 
which has been completely voided by tbis 

President Hitch had prepared a report 
for discussion on the alternative tuition plans. 
Actual debate on the institution of tuition 
was supposed to be postponed until the re-
port of the Coordinatlng Council on Higber 

. Education was submitted to the Regents, 
Hitcb had not even introduced his report 

before strenuous objections were registered 
by Regent Forbes. Forbes claimed It was 
"out of order to discuss tuition alternatives 
when the board has a policy of no tuition. " 

Hitch's report was ruled In order but his 
presentation was again interrupted by reports 
by ASUC Presidents from UCLA and San 
Francisco Medical Center. 

ASUCLA President Tom Normington cited 
the results ot a recent referendum on his 
campus which indicated that 63 per cent of 
the students voting on his campus would be 
hurt by tuition, and over 80 per cent op-
pose the institution of a tuition. 

Alex Stalcup, AS President from the S.F. 

Stalcup ~sted that tuition would result 
in a 100-300 per cent increase In requests 
for the already underfunded financial aid 
program. He also said lncreasededucational 
costs would force even more graduating 
physicians into high-paying, big-city 
practices and out of low-earning rural and 
ghetto practices, in order ~o payoff large 
debts incurred in medical school. 

The debate also touched on tbe eUects 
a tuition would have on the financial aids 
program. 

Governor Reagan contended that there is 
It a surplus of loan funds." University Vice-
President of Student Affairs Frank Kidner 
claimed there was in fact a shor tage of 
financial aid funds. 

Fred Dutton claimed tmt tuition would 
merely intensi!y the already-serious problem 
of access to UC by lower middle-class stu-
dents who neither have enough money nor 
qualify for financial aid. 

latest book, "Review Your Life 
Through Y 0 g a," describes the 
now-famous five-minute relaxa-
tion break, which Indra Devl 
first introduced into factories 
and buSinesses, helping to in-
crease production capacity of 
the workers almost 100 per cent 
and reduce absenteeism to a 
minimum. 

In 1960, Indra Devi made in-
ternational headlines by intro-
ducing Yoga to Russia. By invita-
tion of the Indian Ambassador, 
she gave a lecture to a group of 
Soviet 0 ff I c I a I s that included 
Mikoyan, Kosygln, and 40 cabinet 
members, thus becoming known 
as "the woman who introduced 
Yoga to the Kremlin ." 

Indra Devl is also responsible 
for bringing the message of Yoga 
to Japan, Thailand, Mexico and 
parts of the U.S., where it was 
little, if at all, known, Following 
numerous requests, sbe estab-
lished an International Yoga Cen-
ter in Tecate, Baja California. 

Indra Devi's coming next 
Wednesday will attempt to en-
courage the development of Yoga 
In the schools. She is sponsored 
by the Yoga Workshop, an intro-
ductory Yoga group 00 campus, 
which meets Monday and Wednes-
day mornings from 8 to 10 a .m. 
at MC 711, Recitation Hall. 
-**************t 

: (f)~OO[l~ V : 
.. 

-
.. 

.. 

~ 
.. 

**~.* 

.. 

• 

it 

• 
... : ~ 

.. .. 

~ .. 
~ POVERTY PRICES FOR ALL! .. 

~ .. 
~ HAPPY HOUR DAILY 5-6 PM .. 
.. 

• i< LIVE ENT ERTAINMENT 
• ~ FRI. & SAT, 
• it **** • it 
• VIDEO TAPE fIGHTS, 

:BALLGAMES, TOPLESS SHOWS· 
• **** it 

POOL, BOWllNG, •• .. 
.. 

i< & OTHER GAMES .. ~ 
**** 

.. 
.. 

.. 

.. SANDWICHES & PlZZA .. 

.. DIME NIGHT (1 KEG) 
-

.. EVERY THURSDA Y 8PM .. 

.. 
.. 

.. PARLAY ROOM TAVERN .. 
• 
.. 225-27 W. 15th St. : 
.. .. 

. (IN THE BOWELS OF DEL MAR) .. 

... * * .... * * .. * .. * ... * .. * * . 

Qf)1itI 
n ~any of your neighborhood Wil Wright's Ice Crea m \1 Shoppes now have delicious sandwiches to go with 

the ir great ice cream treats. They'd like you to 
try them. With the purchase of anyone of ou r 

new sandwiches, hamburgers, or ju~t a $1 .00 minimu m 
order, Wil Wright 's Sand-Witch will give you a 

FREE BAG of TRICKS including vampire teeth . face 
mask, handle-bar moustache, voodoo devit's head . 

rate eye patch , long-legged spider and special 
trick-or-treat bag . 

Perfect for the scariest Halloween . 
0 "., gooo Octoblt 18 tnrougn 31 or wnll. luppt) l a.lI~ 

',ntClpaling , Iorll only 

,/ 
8252 $anll Uonlcl Blvd 200 South Beverly Or 14515 Ventura I , 86'" Sun.et Blvd 10879 Lind fOOIl. Dr 108 W CO''l.1 Hwy 100 S InOl,n A". ~ £ CoIor,Clo 7643 ·8 Girard "'v, 16103 S",,", e lII'd 18:'= .... /"I!..,I'. Siva 
Los Angel!J Bever'y HIII!J Sherman O. k, ... HollywOod Westwood ~ewP<K1 B.ach PalM Spfl~' P. ailen La JOlla PaCIlic Pa- " 0'5 fltlin, 

.... ./ 

~tt «uu M- 1lU«41/3 011 . u.tie.t 9. ZJ. t:4'Ut .i , ,e, 111« 1fI¥'4 7643 - B GIRARD , LA JOL LA 
t r 'ton f ;~nV , october 24-- aqe 7 



triton tiIlles 
trHE AltT 

UCSD Explodes in the Dance 
T ~enc'~ and ~t the New Hampshir e M~sic Paul Taylor 
• .... -r... . .... Festival. She has done fllms 

G II at Kalros in Rancho Santa Fe t SL d at a ery and at the Cirw;mategue in New a nerWOG York, and has glven concets with 
"Transparencies," a program the Department ( Music at UCSD The Paul Taylor Dance Com-

of dance concentrating on time and in connecton wth the Art pany, noted for its witty reper-
and space values, and an ex- G llery. Her brother, Fred, toire of dances, will give two 
periment in performance struc- assists Lynn's poetry r ,>adings performances here next Tuesday 
ture, will be presented on Wed- with .fisuals in mixed media and Wednesday at 8:30 pm in 
nesday in the Art Gallery. The pieces. Sherwood Hall, La Jolla. 
presentation is free and open to An art student at UCSD, Clau- The Company's program for 
the public. dia Bader has also studied dance Tuesday willlnlude "Piece Per-

Participating in the sequences at Bennington College and has iOO," which Le Figaro descirbes 
will be Aviva, Fred and Lynn studied with Frances Allis, Jane as ..... a parody of precise aca-
Lonidier, Claudia Bader, Barbara Dudley and Viola Farber. She demismi" "Post Meridian," 
Zakarian, Mike Maxwell, Peter participated in the Paxton work- praised by 0 Estado de Sao Paulo 
Lioshkiv, John White and Jerry shops and has worked with the of Brazil as the Company's "most 
Walker, all representing the American Ritual Theatre. polished and perfect numberj " 
youthful movement in the untradi- Barbara Zakarian received a and "Public' Domain," hailed as 
Tional theatre. Lioshkov and B. F. A. degree from the ..... that rare thing, a comedy 
White are coming down from Los University of Utah and studied in movement" by The New York 
Angeles especially for thi s per- dance with Hanya Hom. She has Times. 
formance. worked with the San Diego Ballet Wednesday night's program 

This revolt of the traditional Company, the Belles Artes and will feature" Aureole," of which 
theatre stems from EAT (the Ballet Folklorico de Mexico, the The New York Times said, "Per-
association that i s bringing the EA T in New York and the Amer- haps it should be taken every 
arts and sciences together with !can Ritual Theatre. She has morning like a shower--it is re-
industrial sponsorship) and done one concert at Wendel's stu- f. eshing enough." 
includes such revolutionaries as diol In cOhjunction with Taylor's ap-
Steve Paxton, Alex Hay, John Cage dio. pearance here, the UCSD Depart-
and Robert Rauschenberg. Most Mike Maxwell, a student at ment of Music will hold a two-
of the performers for Wednesday Palomar College, will make his hour master class for dancers 
have studied with Paxton and are theatre debut in Wednesday from 3:00 to 5:00 next Monday 
part of the Del Mar group seen night ' s performance. in the Matthews Campus Recital 
in Claus von Wendel's studio. Jerry Walker, a graduate of Hall. students have been selected 

Aviva studied at New York the University of British Colum- by their dance instructors 
art schools and has participated bia at Vancouver, is presently throughout the city to participate. 
in EAT in New York and Los studying the MOOG at UCSD on Observers are welcome. 
Angeles. She formed the Amer- a Canada Council Grant. He The troupe 's performance is 
Ican Ritual Theatre and has had as worked at the San Francisco sponsered by the Committee for 
18 concets in the San Diego area. Tape Music Center. He will Arts and Lectures and the La 
She is presently working to or- play the Shakuhaki, a Japanese Jolla Museum of Art. Tickets 
ganize a Department of Dance I c lassical Zen flute, in the per- for the Tuesday and Wednesday 
at UCSD. formance Wednesday. night performances may be 

Filmaker Lynn Lonidier, obtained at the UCSD Box Office in 
producing the visuals for the per- The concert will be given next the lobby of Urey Hall. General 
for mance, has worked with the Wednesday night at 8:00 pm in admission is $4.00, student$2.00; 

E l~ Circus in New York the UCSD Art Gallery. series tickets are still available. 

FIN'EARTS 
1818 GARNET STREET 274-4000 

Come by 
First first. 

And find out what Service really means. 
Just keep a minimum -of $100 in your check-
ing account (personal or business) and write 
all your che,-;ks free. 

S OUTHERN CALiFOKtIAA 

: FIRST NATION~ BANK 

Member F.O.I.C. 

WALTER G. ROBERTSON. Branch Ma nager 
La Jolla Shores Br, 2256 Avenlda de la Playa, La Jolla 

8 
11.1 \ 

The Paul Taylor Dance Company, coming to Sherwood Hall next week. 

Animated films Presented 
Raymond Charles Rice, noted 

animation filmaker and artist, 
will lecture on the techniques he 
uses and will show examples of 
his work. The program is free 
and open to the public . 

He has shown his paintings, 
mosaics and sculpture in New 
York, Syracuse, Rochester, Buf-
falo, New Orleans, Denver, San 
Francisco, Fresno, Tulsa, etc., 
and at various colleges since 1937. 
He has held one-man exhibitions 
in the California Palace of the 

C!IU' W • O ',""C( . co, 

8e the ta lk of the town . .. 
and Ihe caunlry too, in 
John Meyer's Donegal 

safari coot. $80. 
W ith cone leg, fly 

I fronl ponls in Melton 
that John Meyer flares 

from the hips for a 
perfecl fit. $26. 

And on top, on extra 
long Merino maxi 

turtleneck 
sweater. In lOIS 

of loquocious 
colors. $15. 

~I1J8Y81' 
speakS your language 

Legion of Honor, the Richmond 
Art Center, Mendocino and Mill 
Valley. 

He has presented his films and 
given lectures in many ed-
ucational instltutions and cur-
rently has eight of his films on 
a lZ-month circuit in 20 theaters 
nationally. 

The lecture, sponsored by the 
History Department and the Arts 
and Lectures Committee, wUl be 
he Id in Room 2133, BuUding 2A 
on Muir campus. 

BLOW 
YOURSELF UP 

Black and Wh ite 
2 ft. X 3 ft. Poster only 
($4.95 value) 
with plntic fr.me $-I ($7.95 •• 'u.) 
Send any blae~ & white or color photo 
up to 8" . 10· <no nell.tives) and the 
n.me "Swln,line" cut ' rom Iny 
Swlnillin. stapler or stap'- r.f lll ..-ck". 
to: Poster·Mart. P. O. Bo. 165. 
Woodsid •• N. Y. 11377. Enclos. cash. 

chtc~ or mon.~ order <no C,O.O:s) In 
the amount of $2.00 lor .ach blow· up; 
$4 .00 lor blow·up and l ramt IS shown. 
Add sales ta. where a ppllcabl •. Orillnal 
In.ter,.1 rlturned und.mlCtd. Satisf ac. 
t lon luarantNd. Al low 30 dlYS l or dell.,.".. 

THE 
GREAT 
SWINGlfNE 

TOT~TAPlER 
Th, _fd',IIrI',t .. lIInl 
st"""r ,.t no Ilr,er thin I 
peckOf """.tIILY Hi with 1000 filii I'IP'H' 

litE GIIEAT NEW 
SWtllGltNE 
"UB-HANDI 
" OESI( STAPlER. 
GIllY 11.1 • • IC •• 
~::Z:~db Wlt~ 1000 st ...... 

... 01117 ,1 •• t lClI. 

I • I I I r. " I. I 1/ I : 

Guerill. Tlleater re,iew 
s 

Taking Drama to the People 
by Kathy Janson 
Staff Writer 

Noon on Moratorium Wednes-
day. 

The Revelle plaza was filled 
with people: speakers wearing 
ties, students carrying books and 
sandwiches, ladies with babies, 
bodies painted gold by the sun. 
The moritorium rally just began 
to disintegrate. 

Suddenly the atmosphere broke. 
People began running towards 

the microphone shouting "Peace 
declared. Peace declared!" 

Faces looked. Necks turned. 
"Go tell Nor th Vietnam!" an-

swered one of the crowd. 

Review 

Two fellows in white coats ush-
ered off the peace people. The 
guerrllla theatre was in action. 
A dozen actors med in command-
ing "Kill for Peace!" and creat-
'ing space for a stage in the middle 
of the plaza. The stage became 
a typical tack yard, complete 
with mothers hanging clothes and 
children playing. Mothers went 
off to watch their "Edge of Night" 
soap opera. The children con-
tinued playing a game, which grew 
into bickering and finally into war. 

"The idea of guerrilla thea-
tre," said Cunningham, " is to 
move in and move out quickly. 
It's got to catch people by sur-
prise." 

Openingb~~ A~~!lpevine 
Arts Editor 

Art Seidentaum has captured the issues of college life in California, 
and through his book, ·Confrontation on Campus,· has tried to 
communicate the internal problems and feelings that are rarely 
expressed and often misunderstood by the parents of the college 
students. 

The book, the result of many months of travel and interviews 
will put parents on the inside track of some of the Important as~ 
pects of collegiate life. Seidenbaum points out that neither parents 
nor students trust the others to understand, and both withold in-
formation, attempting to ·protect· their relationships This book 
is his attempt to re-establish contact. 

The book is Uttle more than the reprint of the series of articles 
that appeared in West Magazine of the Los Angeles Times. In 
collection and retrospect, the emphasis of the articles changes 
from capturing a campus cross-section to involvement with the 
feelings and problems of California's generation of college students. 

The author's insight is, however, not perfect, He fails to discuss · 
soc ial issues. For example, to a large extent, the atmosphere 
of each college renects a frank, conscious pre-occupation with 
sex and the particular campus sexual social structure. This 
problem is discussed o~ly marginally. 

Dope is treated similarily. The problems of drugs are deper- , 
sonalized when the direct personal contact with users, and the ac-
tual use of drugs is a major force in undergraduate life. The 
effects of drugs is something that students copy if they do not 
experience. And furthermore, both sex and drugs add to the 
conspiracy of silence shown in parents and students. 

By the end of the book, it is apparent that the author, in attempting 
to aggressively defend the universities and their students, and to 
attack their false media- public images, has tried to strengthen 
his case by simplifying the problems of undergraduate life. 

Resistance to the draft, a crime. is discussed; yet knowledge 
of the use of dr ugs is as much a felony and is totally undiscussed. 
And dope represents a greater problem, because the faceless 
moral problem of the draft is hardly as difficult to judge as the 
use of drugs by a roomate with whom one is trying to live. To 
some extent, Seidenmum has committed the same error of which 
he accuses both students and pa.rents: -protecting each other 
from truth.' 

And yet, Seidenbaum touches deeply into the problems and con-
fusion of the undergraduate dilemna. His conclusions. are pro-
mbly the best points of departUJ;e pre sented In many years. The 
reviewer has never felt that any other journalist has really gone 
beyond the issues that confront the students as a time of crisis, 
to the crisis of the issues that the student faces constantly. The 
book goes beyond the reasons that bring the generation gap into I 
focus, and to focu s upon some of the reasons that form the gap. 

In the final chapter, Seidenbaum discusses the basis of student 
unrest. Correctly, he states that -removing one of the causes 
of campus unrest would alleviate the condition. But a solution 
in Vietnam would not bring the schools back to ivy-covered apathy; 
nothing will. That monotonous student word, relevance, is really 
an over-simplified code name for a new kind of higher education, 
one that has to be in and of the world rather than detached from 
tt. • 

In this light he cautions administrators: "I don't pretend to 
have any disruption-proof notions but there are practices I would 
rather advocate: as long as kids and cops persist in seeing each 
other as natural enemies, they should be prevented from meeting 
during disturbance if at all possible." 

After a year of student watching, he also has advice for students, 
"Violence did not work in 1968-69. It produced arrests, explosions, 
opened skulls, deaths and repression, but hardly any advances 
in the pursuit . of virtue. Students, whose sense of history is not 
nearly as strong as their sense of injustice, had to see for them-
selves that violence hardens mens' minds instead of changing 
them.' 

After riots, hard words, hate and compounded problems, Seidenbaum 
affirms his faith in colleges and education, perhaps giving the 
best reason to try to preserve universities. 

-A campus is still the best place to teach someone how much he 
doesn't know and a school is probably still the best setting for 
a person to find his own sense of purpose.-

This book is a badly needed positive document. Give one to 
the parents for Christmas. 

Timing is important. Plays are 
only minutes in length, so the 
ideas conveyed must be concise 
and simple. Acting is heavy with 
repetition; mime and dialog must 
be loud enough to carry through 
the crowd. 

The player's develop the action 
from improvisation. 

"Out of maybe three fours of 
improvisation we'll get three 
minutes that are really good," 
said Cunningham. "We take these 
three minutes and build from 
there." And it is only through 
making up situations and' 'instinct 
of action" that the magic ofthose 
three minutes can tind itself. 

Performances are out-of-
doors where there is no stage, 
and therefore a sort of total 
stage. Since the theatre goes 
to the audience, instead of the 
other way around, the actors 

I have to scout beforehand for likely 
places to perform, places with 
lots of people and space are 
best 

The guerrilla theatre took their 
play to Horton Plaza (downtown 
San Diego), San Diego State Univ-
ersity, and Mesa Junior College. 

"It worked best at Mesa," 
said Cunningham, "It didn't come 
off as well here (UCSD) because 
everyone was expecting us. stu-
dents, in general, were pretty 
receptive. But at Horton Plaza 
we were dispersed by the police." 

It seemed that a special permit 
was necessary. It's a good thing 
that the idea is to move in and 
move out quickly. 

between children on Revelle Plaza. 

UCSD PRESENTS ••• 

11 dancers in conte mporary works best 
described as full of fun and bounce 
witty, exciting and very refreshing.' 

TWO PERFORMANCES 

Tuesday and Wednesday Octobe r 28 & 29 

8:30 P.M. Sherwood Hall 
Price: ASUCSD $ 2.00; Faculty/ staff $ 3.00 

Ticket information at the Central Box Office, Urey Hall Lobby 
Hours: 10:00 - 4:00 Phone : 453- 6151 

17» .. 110, LAIQIJ.A 
Evenings 7 & 9 PM 

20ln CenhJtV rO~ presenlS 

RICHARD BURTON REl HURISUN 

In the Stan'ley Donen ProductIOn 
"STAIRCASE" 

B sao gay story 

ROMEO 8 J l'LIET 

P&~rned. 
For a limited engagement only I 
... 

Ftt\.,(.I) ZEFFIRHU 
--, 

RO~tEOIYJ( LlET , 

PLus ... Barefoot in the Par~ 
ACADEMY .. II.OU·· '. n.STol'H(' OO"l t ~ ••• ~.~.,- ...... ,U(SD1lIl •• .f, ... ~ ft' 

'.OUOl lfM [))Ii( rA,.AYllotO .. • 
co,.. _, .. - r.:;TR .. ______ -1 3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284·1000 
. ...: ... . ~ ~ 

UNDERGROUND CINEMA 12 Saturday " Mi4ftiCh1 

A F.LM BY BEN 
LAND (14 ') 

8'" 8£ "" L ..... O 
AI the recent traveling 51 Law 

renee Film Fesllval Ihl 101m 
was voted the most popular on 

baSIS 01 t~aud le""e ballol 
Is ot 8 black siudent bee om-

Inel'easilnQly mililani nd the 
t creates With hi S 

te g r l fr iend 

HEY . MAMA (1 8') 
BY V '& U(, HfIO OOlR .... 

The Slo<y Of a Dig man wno 
grooves haVing hl ~ h tr done 

IU'lap~sed WI th slory ot a 
mother who has a rough Ume 

BUST BA G (6') 
BV ..... 

As long as mo I Of VOU qu~ , 
have Qot a thlnQ ~'bO~J l Iht" female 
Dreast . ~ou mlghl a' .... el l nlov 1\ 

PIHEARTS 
1818 GARNET STREET 274·4000 

CELL SPACf (4 \ 

CHRIS WITH lOI'E (S '\ 

MY NAI'1E IS PH iliP 
I'M CLASSIFIED .U A 

DESERTER FROM THE 
US ARMY I 0 I 
tt \IIah I( "'''L. .... 

FOf tho",t> of ,OU ClJrlou!t about 
thp SOt I of m In who doosil 1 QO 
along With the croYlod mt'el Phd 
Ip the first Am Ican eller jr l' • 
ed oul of the P~ace COIP' Could 
.1 be that lhe onl~ dlfff'rf'oce bEt· 
t",,~n him and you is lh t he 
""pnl lu~t one 5 1~P further' 

'~----------'!'!"'.,.".,---",1 It', .. .J h J \ • ton times--friday, october 24:~paqe 9 



: KIOSK 
I 

Friday 
12:00 noon Lecture by Dr. Crana 
Jr. Marine Biology Seminar, Sum· 
ner Auditorium. 
7:30 pm Film " Hemingway's Ad-
ventures of • Young Man", USB 
2722. 50 cents admission. 
8:30 pm Panel dlscuulon of the 
"dov." and "hard line" views on 
Vietnam. Gym. 
9:00 pm Entertainment at Coffee 
Hut. 

Saturday 

9:15 am Conference on Problem 
of Obscenity and Pornography. 
Holiday Inn. $8.06 
2:00 pm Beach Party--- Interna-
tlonal Club. Scripps Beach. Bring 
your own. 
8:30 pm AS Dance In Gym. 
9:00 pm Entertainment at Cof· 
fee Hut. 

Monday 

7:00 pm Meeting of SDS, HL 
1148. 
7:00 pm Meeting of Surf Club, 
USB4030A. 

Tueday 

7:00 pm Alpha Phi Omega, 440 
Argo. 
7:00 pm Christian Science Org. 
Informal Lounge, Aevelle. 
7:00 pm University Folkdencers, 
MC 312W. 
8:30 pm Paul Taylor Danca Com. 
pany, Sherwood Hall. 

Wednesday 
12: 00 noon Lecture by I ndra 
Devl. on grass In front of Mat· 
thews Cafeteria. 
6:30 pm Alpha Sigma Phi, Lang. 
Lounge. 
6:30 pm Friends of Resistance, 
Lower 81ake Lounge. 
7:00 pm Trident Christian Fel-
lowship, HL45B. 
8:00 pm MECHA, USB2030, 
8:30 pm Jazz Sarles, UCSD Ex· 
tension, Imperial Aoom, Torrey 
Pines Inn. 
8:30 pm Paul Taylor Dance Com· 
pany, Sherwood Hall. 
9:00 I'm Coffee Hut Movies. 

Thursday 

All Day Muir Elect ions for Col· 
lege Council. 
7:00 pm Soaring Club, 81ake 
Lounge. 
7:30 pm Libertarian Alliance, 
USB3060. 
7:30 pm Lectu re by Mr. Alee, 
maker of animated films, 2A 
2113, Mu ir. 
8 :00 pm SIMS lecture on tran· 
scendental medltatlo~, USB3070. 

8 :00 pm SIMS lectura On tran· 
scendental meditatio, , USB3070. 
8 :00 pm Muir Out'ng Club, 2A 
2402, Muir. 

Friday 

HAPPY HALLOWE ENI 
7:30 pm Film.·Spcok Spectacu· 
lar, USB2722. 50 cents adml .. lon. 
9:00 pm Coffee H Jt Entertain· 
ment. 

Saturday 

B.OO pm Fall Bawl .. ·Slnglng Can· 
test and Dance In Gym. 
9 00 pm Entertainment at Cof · 
fe. Hut. 

Attention .ir Resi"e.ts 
All double rooms in the new residence 

halls have been assigned, and consequently 
68 students holding -double- contracts are 
without a permanent house assignment. We 
therefore offer two alternatives: 

1. A two room suite for two people 
utilizing one single room as a bedroom 
and one single room as a study. 

2. A single room for one person at 
the increased single rate. 

If you don't have a permanent room assign-
ment make your choice known immediately 
to the MuIr College Resident, 701 Matthews. 
If you have a permanent assignment and 
wish to change to one of these alternatives, 
notify the College Resident. The deadline 
for this is Tuesday Oct. 28th. 

The move from Matthews Campus in Bldg. 
3 will start on Nov. 1. You will move by 
house on an assigned day, and your HA 
will notify you of final details. 

Pre-Law C'ub Meeting 
The Pre-Law Club will hold its first 

meeting of the quarter on Monday at noon. 
All interested students are invited to dis-
cuss plans for the year's activities. The 
meeting will take place in the Revelle Pro-
vost's Office, located in the eucalyptus grove 
south of the Humanities Library Building 
and near the Coffee Hut. 

'nternationa' Club Party 
The University International Club is holrling 

a beach party tomorrow, Saturday, at 2 p.m. 
at Sc ripps Beach, south of the pier. All 
students, f.iculty and staff interested in 
meeting foreign students are invited. 

Career Counse'i.g 
Dr. G. W. Burchlll, Director olthe Career-

Education Planning Center announces an ex-
tension of the career counseling service. 
Counselors associated with the Center will 
be available on selected late afternoon--early 
evening hours In the University !lving units. 
Mrs. Jean Parks will be coordinating these 
se rvices. Any living units interested in 

discussing specllic career-oriented topics 
may obtain this service by calling the CEPC, 
building 250 Matthews Campus, extension 
2401. 

Check next week's Triton Times for the 
first announcement. 

Varsit, Te.nis Meeting 
Varsity telUlis meeting today at 4 p.m •• 
in the P.E. conference room. All inter-
ested students should attend. 

8irtll Control Methods 
This evening Mrs. Clover Gowing of 

Planned Parenthood will give a talk on 
birth -control methods. The talk will be 
In the Revelle Informal Lounge at 7 p.m. 

Christian fellowship 
Schedule of meetings for Trident Christian 

Fellowship: 
Oct. 30: 'Why Pray?": A panel of four 

UCSD students will talk and invit~ comments 
on the art of communicating with God. 

Nov. 6: ·Christianity: Rational BeUef 
or Blind Faith?": Mr. Jim McManus will 
consider the rationallty of Christianity. 

Nov. 13: "It's Written Down Somewhere ": 
Our literature c hairman Norman Low is 
going to arrange a meeting on the importance 
of Christian literature on campus--now it 
makes a practical difference to a Christian 
student and how it can be effectively used 
to spread the word about Jesus Christ. 

These meetings will be at Dr. Frank Young's 
home, 8853 Nottingham Place, on Thursdays 
from 8:30 to 9:30 p.m. Refreshments and 
an informal time of sharing and discusslor 
will follow for those who can stay. 
Laree Morgan 453-3287 
Nick Brown 453-1955,453-2000 XI007 

Graduate fellowships 
The Career-Education Planning Center, 

250 Matthews Campus, has recently received 
information from several sources abOut grad-
uate Fellowships. They range fron beginning 
graduate programs to postdoctoral and/or 

TONITE 
UCSD NIGHT AT THE 

facu lty Fellowships. Tbe deadline dates for 
appllcation are from one to three months 
away. 

National Science Foundation Fellowships 
may be applied for until December 5, 1969. 
More than 5,000 grants will be made for 
the academic year 1970- 1971. The basic 
12-mollth stipend rangesfrom$2,4oo to $2,800, 
depending upon level, whether begtlUling or 
advanced. Fellows with depeooents receive 
additional allowances. 

Another more specialized program is in 
Foreign Area Fellowships. Five specific 
areas are spelled out: East Asia, Western 
Europe, Africa, Latin America and Eastern 
Europe. The deadliRe 1m' applications 
Europe. The deadline for appllcations is 
November 7, 1969. The study of the area 
is to be done in American or Canadian 
schools. , 

Brochures describing these programs and 
other information about graduate study and 
fellowships may be obtained at the Center. 
Phone extension 2401. 

ISDT Dea"'ine 
Applications for executive positions at 

KSDT Radio will not be accepted alter 5 p.m. 
Monday. Further information is available 
for the Student Activities Office in building 
250 Matthews, ext. 1918, or at the radio 
station offices in the Matthews Student Center, 
located next to the Matthews Student Parking 
Lot, ext. 1156. 

1969 fall Bawl 
The 1969 Fall Bawl promises to be much 

better than ever. Come and participate 
November I. Applications: 250 M,C., or 
Revelle College Resident Dean's office. 

Help Some Kids 
Want to do something about some kids 

who can't read or who need a baseball 
coach or some other school or community 
project? Come to an organizational meeUng 
of the UCSD Circle K, Car Rest College 
Men's Organization in the World, Wednesday 
October 29, 4083 A Miramar St. (Mesa 
Apts). 

ASUCSD 
Chartered Bus 

plus 
Refreshments 

plus 
One DeLuxe 

General Admission Ticket 
For Only $1.50 

ROLLER GAMES 
WORLD SERIES 

SEE 
RalphYValaderas 
Terri Lynch 
Mike Palclc 

I. ACrlON S.D. Sports Arena Game starts 7PM 
L.A. T-Birds vs Texas Outlaws 

ASUCSD Chartered Bus leaves Revelle dorm loading zone at 5:45 
For information call 453-2000 x1918 

Sponsored by ASUCSD 

Satunlay October 25 •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
8:30pm Gym 

asucsd 
FREE 
DANCE 

live entertainment 
fri -sat nite 

?lJ'I,t,,L01IIE£1t 
spool spectacu'ar+beer clluggi.g contest 

next weel 

( coffee hut ) 
~--------.----~ •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

triton times--friday, october 24--page 10 

triton till1.es 
.1~ttlt1~. 
fOP Beffer Tllan 
Af~'ef;cSc"o'arsll;P I 

Like many people at UCSD, I was interested in seeing what the 
new freshmen class would be like. I wanted to hear what they 
thought about UCSD, Reagan, SDS, Angela DaVis, and about those 
sex-starved Argo boys and their parties. 

So I decided to interview a UCSD freshman. I wanted to rap 
for awhile, and from this see what I could expect from this year's 
freshman class. 

He's a typical freshman, I guess. If you passed him on the way 
to class, you wouldn't especially notice him, nor would he notice 
you. 

But it's this that makes him a good subject for this column. 
Being black and an EOP (Educational Owortunities Program) 
student has not hurt him at all. He's as much a part of UCSD 
as is any other student. 

He went to high school in San Diego, and had average grades 
along with a varsity letter in football and track, although he wasn 't 
good enough to get any athletic scholarship offers. 

His parents aren't too wealthy, and therefore he started looking 
around at junior colleges. He was planning, he told me, to go to 
Mesa College. 

Enter Mr. Kern Carson, UCSD coordinator for EOP, Carson 
came to his high school and, in a few weeks, the prospective Mesa 
student suddenly became a UCSD student. To many of us here 
that doesn't mean much, but believe me, the dllference is enormous. 

I asked him about his feelings toward UCSD and his courses. 
He told me that he thought UCSD was fine; although he didn't know 
it too well yet. The classes he has are interesting, and he thinks 
that he is learning mor~ than he dId in high school. 

One course is Lit 2, an experimental class for third college. 
He had just read "Soul on Ice," and said he enjoyed it. His math 
and Spanish are <'okay," and for contemporary issues, he's taking 
a seminar entitled "Existential ReVOlution." I don't even know 
what that means! HB told me very matter-of-factly that "it is 
the individualist's role in the world." Oh! 

Then we discussed last year's referendum in which athletic 
scholarships were banned. I told . him that, if passed, he could 
have come here on an athletic scholarship. 

He thought for a moment and replied, "Yeah, but then I would 
have had an obligation to the team and coach. What if I decided 
not to play when I got here? I couldn't just quit." 

But he stays in shape. He Ills weights at the gym three times 
a week, and will play on the BSC intramural football ~eam. And 
he still might go out for track in the spring. He told me that 
athletics are much more fun this way. 

Then I asked him if EOP was worth it all, and about his feelings 
toward the "no" vote on athletic scholarships. 

He was all for EOP, and pointed out to me that he could have 
been at Mesa right now. He wished, though, that more of his friends 
and more of all minority groups could get the same deal that he 
has now. 

A very humanitarian thought for a freshman. If more freshmen 
are like this, if more are existential revolutionaries, then UCSD, 
and the world, have a bright future ahead. 

Harriers Beat Coach, 
Father and Son Combo 

by Clark Rosen 
Sports Writer 

The UCSD cross country team 
won its fourth straight meet Sat-
urday, outrulUllng three teams 
on the Tritons' home course. 

The score was UCSD 21; San 
Diego Track and Field Club "B" . 
34; Navy Seal Team 94; and Cal 
Lutheran College 100. Members 
of the SDT&F "c" team and 
the Seniors Track Club also par-
ticipated. 

Jerry King was the individual 
winner for the Tritons, with a 
time of 27:05 on the mountainous 
4.6-mile course. Teammates Ed 
Avol and Randy Twombly were 
right behind King, taking second 
and t h i r d. Twombly was the 
most-Improved runner, clipping 
almost a minute off his previous 
best. 

The San Diego Track and Field 
Cluh had a stand-out performer 
in distance ace Bob Wllson, but 
the aging speedster could only 
manage fourth place behind the 
swifter Tritons. 

Rounding out the UCSD score 
were Clark Rosen, seventh, and 
Bob Horgan, eighth. 

The most Impressive runner in 
the race was really Dave Hargus, 

~eap Used Ioois 
""'" in Mission Beach "'" 

Re."'s Bo.ist.re 
, . .... 3.78i 5.iiOce .. ain.F.~r.coint .. wialk .... 

who st in 
31:51. Hargus is nine years old. 
His fa t her, running for the Sen-
iors TC, finished twenty-second. 

Tomorrow the team w1l1 run in 
the Chapman Invitational, 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PArS DONORS 
for selYice 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233 - 8328 

lJ:i.t''' .. P'-''Jr.'-$.$. 
Water Polo' A Fast Action Sport 

Though water polo Is relatively 
unknown in America, it is one of 
the most exciting competitive 
sports in existence. In Europe, 
water polo Is widely known, well 
liked, and supported with almost 
as m u c h wild enthusiasm as 
soccer. 

Played by seven-man teams 
(three forwards, three guards, 
and a goalie), it is one of the 
fastest moving games around, 
It can be played In almost any 
ordinary SWimming pool, but col-
legiate rules require a pool at 
least 25 yards long. Two goals 
are used at opposite ends at the 
pool. The rules are similar to 
soccer. 

Water polo is a demanding 
sport. It is phYSically exhausting 
and requires lightning-fast reac-
tions and movements by every 
player. A good water polo player 
must have strong arms for pass-

. ing, s w i m min g, and shooting; 
strong legs for support; a good 
head on his shoulders; several 
years previous experience in the 
sport and a lot of endurance. 

Players are not allowed to 
touch the bottom of the pool when 
in control at the ball (except for 
the goalie) . Endurance Is es-
pecially a lac tor when the game 
is played in a pool with no 
shallow end--as in the Olym-
pics. 

The object of the game is to 
get the ball into the opposing 
team's goal, which Is more dif-
ficult than It sounds. 

The rules of the game slightly 
favor the defense. A defender 
can attack any offensive player 
to get the ball, If the man on 
the offensive is touching the ball 
in any way. A defender guarding 
a man without the ball can still 
gullT'rl him verv close. to pre-

Top Football 
Teams Rated 
1. Purple Gophers 

Gophers have two wins; the 
leading 1M scorer, Borth, with 
40; and the leading 1M passer, 
Chaves, with 11 TD tosses. They 
should be virtually unstoppable 
in the Revelle League. 
2. BOY DlIdos 

The Dildos blasted a hapless 
team bl!t looked strong in doing 
it. 
3. Panthers 

A lot of muscle was shown 
in their trouncing of an unor-
ganized PML tum. Like BOI, 
they have not really been ~shed, 
4, Southside Sewage 

The Sewage has a great middle 
guard In Andy, some fast ends 
with all thumbs, and no QB, 
now that basketball Is starting. 
5. Del Mar Degenerates 

Somewhat disappointing their 
first time, but perhaps a tragedy 
will help them to regain their 
old form . . 
6. Rubber Band 

Definitely a fine passer with 
good receivers, but absolutely 
no line. 
7. Cabrones 

The annihilation of a poor team 
demonstrates this team's exper-
Ience, but they don't have any 
real strength. 

s;,,,~ 1947 

STORE FOR MEN 
CLOTHING 

FURNISHINGS 
SHOES 
213 . 9315 

_ PACIFIC BlACH, CALIF. 

vent him from 'gettlng 'free, but 
he cannot "attack" as if his 
man had the ball. So for a team 
to score against a good defense, 
they must employ a series of 
quick movements, designed to 
get one of their men free. 

A good offense will actually 
have c e r t a I n pre-determined 
plays they will use to fake-out 
the defense and free one of their 
men momentarUy--hope!ully in 
front of the goal--so that they 
have an extremely good chance 
to score when the ball Is passed 
to the free man. 

UCSD's team improving greatly 

UCSD's collegiate water polo 
team is beginning to realize the 
full potential of each player and 
of the team. Through long hours 
of practice the team has buut 
up the endurance and gained the 
experience essential to a good 

team. 
Their efforts were r ewarded 

last weekend at the all-Cal water 
polo tourney when they d.efeated 
UC Riverside 4-2 in a grudge-
match against a team that had 
defeated them twIce previously 
this season. Hard work and de-
termination of the team was re-
sponsible for the victory. 

Sta r t e r s Jim stoner, Gary 
Becker, Jim Wiens, Doug Che-
Shire, E IIi 0 t t Uchiyama. Hal 
Handley, and Dennis Revie were 
h a pp y with the results. J im 
Stoner, the freshman boy-wonder 
from Corona del Mar, played so 
well throughout the tournament 
that he was named on the AlI-
Tournament team. 

One can onl y learl so much 
from an article. I suggest going 
to a game to see what it Is 
really like. The next home game 
is Nov. 5, against San Diego 
State, at 3:30 p.m. 

Mon thru Fri 
6--8--10: 15 p.m. ~I;== 

t 1:45--4:00--6:15 
8:30--1 0: 45 

Sun 1: 15--3:15--5 :30 
7:45--10:00 

"A RiOT OF 
SEXUAL VANDALISM" 

--P layboy 

"ACRES OF ANATOMY 
AND BUSHELS OF BOSOMS" . 

KEIR DllLLEA . 'ENTA BERGER · 1.IL111'.\1 'IEH 

"lD5<'} 1----
" " .. ;"" COLOR .. ~X~_....,;_ .. .JOH~ Hl STON '"., '... " AM ! !> ICO "l r, I" , .1 

SPEAKING OF 
DIAMONDS ... 

By MAX SCHlADER 
SOON-TO-BE E'NGAGED? 

Buying a aiamona 'lS an mvestment, in 
beauty, for a very special person. It is an 
investment in the future because a d'~amond 
is forever. 

Our business is diamonds. Our diamond 
presentation gives you interestin~ and 
accurate information. 

You will find the largest selection of 
ring styles in the area. Before you buy 
check ourpri.ces. 

rt arv d Diamond Center 

Appointment 
Any tim 

5190 College ve. 
Diamond pprai al Watch Repair 

Hour 9:30 · 5:30 Jewelry Repair 

triton times--friday. october 24--pa~e 11 



(CONTINUED FROM I AGE I) 
state Superintendant of Educa-

tion Max Rafferty stated Tuesday 
that he hoped by the time the 
Pacht ruling reached th.~ Supreme 
Court "Nixon will have put Su-
preme Court justices who will 
interpret the written law instead 
of the law as they would like to 
see it." 

The UC Board of Regents anti-
Communist hiringplicythatJudge 
Pacht declared unconstitutional in 
Superior Court Monday dates back 
to 1940 when Kenneth May, a 
teaching assistant in mathematics 
on the Berkeley campus, was fired 
for being a member of the Com-
munist party. Then in June, 1942, 
the Regents adopted a resolution 
requiring all employees to sign 
an aoth swearing to uphold the US 
and State Constitutions. 

In March, 1949, the Regents ad-
ded the requirement that all em-
ployees must also state that "Ido 
not believe in and I am not a mem-
ber or nor do I support any party 
or organization that believes in, 
advocates, or teaches the over-
throw of the US Government by 
force or by any illegal or uncon .. 
stitutional methods." 

A major dispute was touched 
off by the 1949 Regents' action, 
the most jarring in UC history. 

Contracts were witheld from 
professors who refused to sign 
the loyalty oath. F or several 
months committees of Regents 
and faculty members attempted to 
resolve the dispute. 

Both the northern and southern 
divisions of the Academic Senate' 
did support the anti-Communist 
hiring policy by large majorities 
in mail ballots in 1950. By a 
10-10 vote that year, the Regents 
refused to rescind the oath. 

As a result, 36 tenured pro-
fessors were fired, including se-
veral with major reputaUons,and 
157 non-tenured professors and 
s taff members were also fired. 

This political purge was the 
largest in the history of American 
higher education and resulted in 
censure of the University of Cali-
fornia by the American Assn. of 
University Professors. 

From 1950 until the present 
Angela Davis case, there has been 
no clear cut challenge to the anti-
Communist plicy. 

According to David Gardner, 
vice chancellor at UC Santa Bar-
bara and author of a history of 
the loyalty oath controversy, the 
issue throughout the controversy 
was not so much the oath itseU 
as it was the anti-Communist hi-
ring policy, and, even more, the 
fundamental issue of who runs the 
university--the Regents or the fa-
culty. 

Pacht, known to have a liberal 
reputation on the bench, has also 
been known as an advocate for the 
rights of the individual. In his 
private law practice, one of his 
last cases before becoming a ju-
rist involved representing a tea-

St4IutaIut 

cber who bid beendeDildcreden-
tials because be admitted past 
CommUDist Party membership. 
The teacher would not sign an 
affidavit swearing that he dkl not 
advocate overthrow of the Gov-
ernment by force. 

More recently, the judge made 
a decision in which 1>08 held that 
a student organization at Glen-
dale College had the right to in-
vite a Black Panther leader to ad-
dress the group. 

Ironically, Judge Pacht was as-
signed to the Davis case only af-
ter the Regent's attorneys las 
filed an a1fidavit of prejudice on 
the originally assigned judge, R0-
bert Kenny. 

Revelle flection 
(CONTINUED FROM PAGE 3) 
Bill Keegan is a R.A. in Argo. 

He has worked on the Interhall 
Council and played a large role 
in establishing the present visi-
tation policies. Keegan plans to 
work toward the creation of a 
.Revelle College Center, a place, 
perhaps located in the sticks be-
hind the Coffee Hut, where a 
student could go to be in a free 
and easy atmosphere. 

The faculty and administrative 
members of the Affairs Commi-
ttee are: Profs. David Norton 
(Philosophy), Nemat-Nasser (AM 
es), Prof. Harris (economics), 
Tom Hull, dean of Revelle stu-
dents, Robert Kavanaugh(Revelle 
Counselor) and Carl Mort (Re-
sident Dean). 

. Ber1eley 
. Rent S'r;le 

Protest at the Berkeley campus 
currently centers around the high 
rents imposed upon the students. 

The rent stike kicked off last 
week with a mass meeting of over 
700 people on Oct. 14. In a 
telephone interview with Jerry 
Popkin of the Daily Cal, however, 
it was pointed out that the strike 
won't become effective until the 
Berkeley tenants reach a certain 
level of agreement on withholding 
their rent. 

Organizers are largely people 
who were active in the People 's 
Park Defense Committee last 
spring. "They claim they've been 
organizing block to bloCk,· said 
Popkin. "We haven't seen too 
much evidence of that at all." 

- ISRAEL-
11 week Student Group 
includes 3 weeks in Europe 
and a Mediterranean Cruise 

call Marty: 755-8850 
******* 

BOOK & PATIO SALE 
7769 EADS Ave., L.J. 
Sat 10- 6 -- Art, Lit, 
Misc. Both used & new 
most items very inexpensive 

****** 
$ 900 '65 Datson 

4 door sedan 60,000 miles 
exc. condition 

755-2916 

COSMETICS 
SHAMPOOS 

BEAUTY STORES 

UNIVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOPPING :: ENTER 
3979 GOVE ~NO~ DR. 
453-0261 

WAVES 
HAIR SPRAYS 
WIGS 
WIG SUPPLIES 
GIFTS 

DIANE SHOPPINC CENTER 
4702 CLAIREMO T MESA BLVD. 10% Discount with A.S. Card 
272-3242 on many items 

• iued4~? 1 
: etJIIU, 4,~ UIIU "'" at L 
I I 
: ".ODIE 11'1'(" HAPPENINGS * ENCOUNTERS II 
I r~1 r, II INTER-PERSONAL GAMES I 
I FUN & PEOPLE I 
I I 
: EVERY WEDNESDAY NITE INFORMAL LOUNGE at : 
! REVELLE COLLEGE I 

triton times--friday, october 24--pa~p. 12 

Planned Non·Parentllood 
or "on·Planned Parenthood 

by Dana Rufol0 Staff Writer 
At last UCSD bas a birth control clinic. starting the first Mooday 

in November, and on every Monday evening thereafter, qualified 
medical staff from San Diego's Planned Parenthood Association 
will come to the camlX1S. The clinic will take place at the UCSD 
Medical Health Service fac1l1ty. Approximately 40 persoos will be 
counseled at each session. 

The Planned Parenthood clinic here will give free examinations 
and birth control pills or devices to all persoos who have previously 
made an appointment. This means that anyooe in the area of UCSD, 
student or non-student, regardless of age, need only telephone the 
downtown office and request to attend the clinic. 

The idea of a birth control clinic began last April with Dean 
Murphy. The Women's Liberation Front came to Dean Murphy 
shortly after with a proposed pIan and requested that student health 
perform such services. However, the additional cost, calculated 
at $25,000, made the suggestion that the university open a free 
birth control clinic infeasible. Interest in such an idea continued 
to grow among the community, however, and under the direction 
of Dr. Watson and headnurse Mrs. Rice, Planned Parenthood 
was informed of UCSD's need. 

ALIBABA 

FREAKS OUT AT 

SYNTHETIC 
TRIPS Dean Murphy . sees this campus extension of Planned Parenthood as merely an "interim device." Not only will Planned Parenthood . 

be financially unable to provide for the entire community's needs 
in the future when their federal granUrom the Department of Health, 
Education and Welfare expires, but also Dean Murphy . envisions 
the Medical Health Center as a place where, ideally, "students 
feel free to go no matter what their problem." Eventual working 
relations with the Medical School allowing for exchange of personnel, 
and Student Health expansions to include specialists, should in the 
coming years allow for full-time birth control services for UCSD. 
Presently, only Dr. Holcrum, a gynecologist, is connected with the 
UCSD Health Service for four hours a week. He treats students for 
infections only and will continue in this specialized capacity even 
after the birth control clinic opens this November. 

ELECTRO· 
PSYCHEDELIG ART 

BLACK LIGHT SUPPLIES 
POSTERS 

SILK SCREEN s~RvicE 
4734 UniyersUy AYe, 
San Diego. Ca. 92105 

282·1445 

The Man-On-Campus Collection 
from 

~/-e~~~ 
-

OF NEW HAVEN / SHIRTMAKERS 

~ Shaped for the Man. S., _____ ' A,,'lable '" 0"' ",w 
::.,.....-- Margate spread, shown 

above, and the Purist® button·down. 

The Bristol pin · 0 r · not' in either 
french or barrel cuffs. 

The celebrated Purist button·down 
with regular tapered body. 

Sero presents a distinctive collection of fall 
and winter dress shirts designed for today's 
Man-on-Campus. Meticulously tailored in 
no-iron, wrinkle-free Sero-Press of 65% 
DACRON® Polyester, 35% Cotton for a 
fresh all-day appearance. 

Available at: 

- DuPont relislered trademark 

THE TOGGERY 

7864 Girard A venue 
La Jolla, California 

'I 

.. 


