
Regents Meet Again 
Tuition May Be Topic 

The Regents are meeting again on the Berkeley campus next week, 
once again in an atmosphere of charges and counter~charges, con-
spiracy, and uncertainty. 

While police clash with strikers outside Sproul Hall, rumors fly 
that Chancellor Heyns will be fired, or at least come under heavy 
verbal fire from the Regents, notably governor Ronald Reagan, who 
has already expressed his adverse sentiments on Heyn's handling of 
the situation. ' 

Also, freshman Regent Robert Monagan, Speaker of the Assembly, 
has announced his plans to introduce a new" sliding-scale" tuition 
plan. Monagan introduced such a bill on the Assembly floor Wednesday, 
and hopes to get the jOint approval of the Legislature and Board of 
Regents, which is necessary to put it into effect. 

Monagan actually introduced his tuition plan a year ago January at 
a Berkeley Regents meeting. No action was taken at that meeting, 
but in February the Regents approved a $30 per quarter fee increase. 

Professorl$ Cite Ohio State Monagan's plan would provide for tuition on the basis of one's income. A student whose parents have an income of $10,000 to $10,5000 would pay $24 per year, the minimum rate. A family with an income of 
$15,5000 would pay $300 and the fee for a student whose family income 
was more than $45,000 would pay the highest rate of $798. 

Dear Editor: 
ExaDlple in Athletics Familie s with more than one student 1n the university system or 

colleges would be required to pay only one tuition fee. Self-supporting 
students would be exempted from the graduate charge if their income 
is below $10,000 a year. An undergraduate would be considered self-
supporting only if he has not been claimed by his parents on their income 
tax as a deduction or has not lived with his parents for a year prior 
to the beginning of school. 

As former members of the fa-
culty of the Ohio state Univer-
sity, we have observed at first 
hand what is involved in "a pro-
gram of big-time athletics" (to 
quote Mr. Tom Ham) and the 
subsidization of athletes which 
such a program necessitates--, 
a continuously inflating expendi-
ture of funds to insure that the 
University indeed keeps in the 
big time. 

At Ohio state--as at all uni-
versities with big time oroe-rams 
there was, and is a complicated l 
and expensive appa.ratus of ath-
letic scholarships, special board 
and room arrangements, pocket 
money, a coach-athlete ratio con-
siderably lower than the faculty-
student ratio, vast expenditures 
for equipment, etc. etc. 

There was a period when not 
only athletes got special tutorial 
help with their studies, but when 
the wives of freshmen coaches 
were writing papers for athletes 
too busy getting in shape to do 
their own writing. 

The great coach, Woodrow Wil-
son Hayes, stopped all this; he 
even threw off the football team 
and publicly denounced a most 
promising halfback caught cheat-
ing the fourth time. He taught his 
players that they had to keep their 
GPA' up, or else they wouldn't 
get to play football and would 
miss out on the profeSSional ca-
reers toward which they were 
aiming. 

When the OSU Faculty Council 
decided that OSU shouldn 't go to 
the Rose Bowl twice in a row, 
there were massive student riots 
whipped up by the Columbus new-
spapers. Questions as to the re-
levance of big time athletics to 
the university's mission became 
irre levant, because OSU was in 
the big time and couldn't afford 
to get out. 

Meantime athletes played out 
their four years--or five or six 
if they were redshirted-- and tor 
the most part didn't bother to 
graduate, unless they weren't 
drafted by the pros and were com-
pelled to go into high school coach 

STUDENT WITH EYE ON 
FUTURE LOOKS INTO A 
FEDERAL CAREER 

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT 
n announcement is expected 

this weekend or early next week 
concerning the status of Or. Mar-
cuse . Chancellor McGill will 
probably hold a press conference 
to announce his decision. 

ing, with a little teaching ot Eng-
lish and History on the side. And 
there was always the hope of col-
lege coaching--with so many new 
universities coming into being. 

Of course, it can't-- or should-
n't happen here. Recent studies 
have shown that, unless a univer-
sity has a winning, and thus crowd 
drawing team, its program will 
faU. And so more athletes have to 
be subsidized and the athletic ap-
paratus gets larger .... 

The key, surely, is subsidiza-
tion. And we point out that, in the 
crisis of our culture, whatever 
funds we have for subsidization 
should go to students as students, 
particularly students from ex-
ploited minority groups in our 
society. 

If our students want to parti-
Cipate in intercollegiate athle-
tics , they should not only be al-
lowed but encouraged to. UCSD 
should make possible, and give 
them the necessary facilities , 
equipment, and coaching. But 
there should be no subsidization 
specifically set for athletes, nor 
should athletes be given any spe-
cial treatment. 

Moreover, UCSD's right toad-
mit a small percentage of its 
freshman classes students who do 
(lot quite quality academically--
this right too should be exer-
~ised not in favor of athletes (as 

The UCSD Academic Senate will 
be holding a special meeting 
on Tuesday to discuss the ram-
ifications of the San Francisco 
state situation. The meeting 
will begin at 1:00 p.m. in USB 
2722. , 

The policy at this meeting, as 
at the regular senate meeting, 
to be held Tuesday, February25, 
will be to admit 25 students. 
Those who wish to attend will 
have to obtain a pass at the 
Academic Senate Office several 
hours in advance. 

See The Regents 
A chartered Greyhound bus will 

be leaving UCSD for the Regents 
meeting in Berkeley ear ly Thurs-
day Feb. 20 to return Friday 
night. The first 39 (or 78) 
people who make a reservation 
at ext. 1917 or come to the AS 
office will have a seat. A free 
place to sleep has been arranged 
for at Berkeley. A sleeping bag 

' wUl be necessary though. Hope-
tully contingents from all the 
campuses will be there. 

The Regents will discuss such 
issues as tuition, "law and 
order" on the campuses, and 
whether or not to have all future 
meetings at Berkeley. Atter 
the recent happenings at Berk-
eley and SF State the Governor 
will probably be in fine form. 

Because the Regents will pro- , 
bably decide to hold all future 
m etings UD north, it is import-
ant to sbow them that the stu-
dents care enough about their 
University to travel 1,200 miles 
to s e how its admInistrators are 
running it. 

is the case at some other UC cam-
puses, we understand) but of mi-
nority group students who have 
been deprived of high school ed-
ucation equal to that of majority 
group stUdents. 

What does Mr. Ham and the 
"athletic department" have in 
mind? Tomorrow: beat San Diego 
state! Day after tomorrow: beat 
morrow': beat OSU! By that tiem, 
we would have our own Woodrow 
Wilson Hayes here. What, after 
all, is wrong with trying to beat 
Cal Tech at its own game? 
Abaham Dijkstra 
Roy Harvey Pearce 
Leonard D. Nemark 
Andrew Wright 
Bernhard Blume 
Robert C. Elliot 
Carlos Blanco-Aguinaga 

Monagan estimated the fee increases would bring in 35-37 million 
dollars each year which could be equally divided between the state 
colleges and the university system. He said that the funds could be 
used to meet financial needs of higher education, particularly in the 
construction of facilities. This proposal, Monagan feels, is the most 
fair and equitable way to approach the financial problems of the univ-
ersity. 

The other issue that is likely to be brought up at the Regents meeting 
next Thursday and Fr iday is the handling by the Berkeleyadminis-
tration of the strike on the Berkeley campus. There has been con-
s iderable criticism by Reagan, and Reinecke, the new lieutenant Gov-
ernor, of Chancellor Heyns. 

Reagan declared a state of emergency on campus some time ago, 
enabling Heyns to use the Highway Patrol to maintain order on the 
campus. Heyns has been reluctant to take the hawkish position that 
Governor Reagan would like to have him take. 

The Regents reporter of the Daily Californian told the Times that 
she thought it highly likely that Reagan would move to oust Heyns 

SDS: CAREER OPPORTUNITIES IN IMPERIALISM? ---D.E. 

Ife-rkefeY-;-h-tr·S:F~·St;t~:·-·-·-· 
s eke se el ete ? BE:~E~:!.l c~:a~CPS)-_H t ~a! ~. !V~I( Franc!c!D !.t'd~ ~LY ~~a~t'=t 

it weren't s uch a bad pun, one state. the State of Califorma IS deter-
would be tempted to suggest that The most violent day so far mined to maintain law and order 
the similarity between the Uni- was February 4 when several on the campuses of its university 
versity of California now and San fights broke out between strikers as well as all other educational 
Francisco State College a couple and students trying to get through institutions." . 
of months ago is striking. a stationary picket Une at the Ironically, the declaratIon 

On November 6, the Third main campus entrance. Police came at the end of a fairly quiet 
World Liberation Front a newly- were called and a se ries of con- day on the campus. And the 
formed coalition of ~on-white frontations occurred in which 20 day following the declaration the 
student groups, began a student persons were arrested and se- campus was also relatively 
strike at San Francisco State. veral police, s trikers, and other peaceful. On both days about 
On January 22, a group of the students were injured. 500 students ,?ar~,hed around the 
same name began a strike at Governor Ronald Reagan may campus"chant!~g On ~trike, shut 
Berkeley. have pushed Berkeley closer to it d,~wn and Power 0 the Peo-

10 both cases the strike calls a crisis the following day when pie and made no attempt to 
were followed by students march- he declared" A state of extreme (Con t inued on pnge 9) 
ing through the campus, chant- emergency" on the campus at 
ing "On strike, shut it down," the request of Alameda C unty 
disrupting classes and battling Sheriff Frank Madigan and Unt-
with pOlice. At San Francisco versity Presid nt Charles J. 
state the cycle of confrontation Hitch in order to make state 
and violence escalated until hard-
ly a day went by without a bat-
tle between students and police. 

Th violence has also been 
escalating at Berke I y, but it 
is not y t clear wheth r it will 

highway patrolmen vailable on 
a continous basis to help main-
tain "law and or r," 

Reagan seem d to vie his 
d cision as a n w crackdown on 
campus disor r. He id h 

The Classroom Marcuse 
Teaspoon Door u t .. 
Campus Newsbriefs • • 
America the Beautiful 

.11 

.12 



~~_2 ________ ~~~ __ ~F~e~b~ru~ary 14, 1969 

~ 
What is The .Place of Athletics 
Within a University Context? 

It goes without saying today that the university 
is more than merely an institution of pure aca-
demic endeavor. The university has attempted 
in many ways to serve the surrounding community, 
and more immediately the academic community, 
whose lives tend to revolve largely around the 
university campus. 

In light of this it has been deemed proper and 
nece ssary for the university to provide for the 
cultural and social enrichment of its constituency. 
In doing so, however, the effect upon the univer-
Sity as an academic institution is always considered 
to be of utmost importance. 

And so it is that the question of intercollegiate 
athletics at UCSD must be considered in the context 
of UCSD as an academic institution, and one with 
relatively high standards at that. This is the 
crucial consideration, for surely no endeavor which 
contributed to the enjoyment of the university com-
munity would be objectionable if it was not thought 
to have other deleterious effects on the college 
environment. 

What are or should be the positive aspects 
of an athletic program within the context of the 
university? n seems that as a primary goal 
an athletic program should serve the members 
of the university community who wish to parti-
cipate in athletics for enjoyment or exercise. It 
should enable the greatest number of persons pos-
sible to make use of athletic facUities. 

Beyond this, the university has a less clear-cut 
obligation to enable those with particular athletic 
skills to compete on a higher level if they wish 
to do so. Since the university should ideally be 
a place at which one is able to fully develop his 
potentiality and capabilities, it appears reasonable 
to expect that those whose skills lie in the field 
of athletics be given some opportunity to cultivate 
these skills , especially if they are considering 
careers in sports. 

In judging the merits of an intercollegiate ath-
letic program, there is ample evidence afforded 
us by the many universities who have embarked 
upon large scale athletic programs. It seems in 
every case that once an athletic program reaches 
a certain level it no longer affords the benefits 
originally intended, but instead succumbs to a 
creeping professionalism which turns sport into 
big business. Athletes themselves become objects 

EDITOR IN CHILl 
JOM McCarthy 

NEWS EDITOR 
Steve Landau 

SPORTS EDITOR 
Bob Gorby 

FINE ARTS EDITOR 
Paul Hamburg 

PHOTOGRAPHY EDITOR 
Doug Easton 

STAFF WRITERS 
Bill Alaoglu 
Clayton Andersol . 
Albert Elzas 
Randy Ericson 
Jeri Grayman 
Eric Halgren 
Portia La Touche 
Kerwin Lebeis 
Ray Sl!avers 
Craig Starr 
John Sussman 

MANAGING EDITOR 
Chris Sheldon 

AD MANAGER 
JOM Dem.irjian 
FEATURE EDITOR 
Tom B~ker 

COpy EDITOR 
Haywood Gammon 

FINE ARTS 
Joel Goodman 
Richard Harris 
Dave Sacherman 
SPORTS 
Milee Duca 
Larry Raful 
PHOTOC,RAPHY 
Lenny Bourin 
Jay Kromschroeder 
GRAPHIC ARTS 
Rob Cohen 
COpy CREW 
Nancy Keys 
Chris Pflugfelder 
JUSTOWRITERS 
Judy Alsberg 
Marianne Decker 
Suzanne Nester 
Cindy Nielson 
Dave Stearns 
STAFF SECRETARY 
Peggy Braunstein 

OFFICE: 250 MC 
PHONE: Ext. 1077 

to be sought after as high school prospects and 
shunned if failures. lt seems, unfortunately that 
once a university commits ftself to big time ath-
letics, especially football, it embarks upon a road 
of no return. 

It ls said by some that a competitive inter-
collegiate program would promote a feeling of 
unity within the university and a sense of identity 
within the community. But do the 27,000 students 
at the megaversity really feel that the dozen or 
so players on the starting football team who are 
professionally trained in athletics through funds 
donated by alumni, and pampered throughout 
their academic life by a compliant administration, 
serve to unify them? And as for the community 
it is a sad commentary on our society that th~ 
only way the community can feel any identity 
with the university is through its football team. 
Perhaps this is an identity that is better not 
cultivated. It is no small wonder that the public 
is unable to understand the academic turmoil 
occuring on university campuses when it views the 
university in this narrow manner and is unable 
to respect it primarily as an academic institution. 

UCSD doesn't have to follow the well-trodden 
path of most other universities. Most students 
who came to this campus by choice did so pre-
cisely because they did not want to attend just 
another megaversity. In these the developing years 
of the campus we have the opportunity to shape 
the future destiny of UCSD in a manner that we 
feel will create the best college atmosphere. 

The athletic question is indeed a serious one. 
Experience has shown that there is no halfway 
point in a specially funded atbletic program. The 
question is not really whether or not the pro-
posed subsidization program has any merit· the 
issue at stake is the future stance that this 'cam-
pus will take towards athletics. 

The students of UCSD must ultimately decide 
this issue, but before any vote is taken the students 
must realize the consequences 01 their actions. 
lt is our belief that a programof athletic sub-
sidization would ultimately be harmful to a campus 
with the academic quality of UCSD. 

NEXT WEEK: AN ALTERNATIVE TO INTER-
COLLEGIATE ATHLETICS 

THE CAMPUS DILEMMA 
(Editor'S Note: Once upon a time when labor organizers held a 

position in the public eye comparable to that now held by the militant 
political groups, e.g. , the Black Panthers, SDS, status quo freaks 
constantly warned of dire consequences in store for America should 
the Wobblies and their ilk ever gain political and economic power. 

Now that labor power has been a reality for some years and the 
good 01' U.S. of A. still stands, the AFL-CIO comes to the support of 
those groups who now occupy the bottom of the heap. The following 
is a reprint, with permission trom the Los Angeles Citizen.) 

****** * * ** * 
There has been a lot of loud and harsh criticism of student mi11-

tants and their faculty sympathizers in our colleges and universities 
as the protests against The Establishment mount. 

It is simplistically easy--and very popular with the voters- -
for G'Nernor Reagan and other hard right- wing conservative types 
to thump the "law and order" drum and shout: 

"Throw the anarchists out! Ring the campuses with bayonets and 
let the good kids get an education'" 

But is this the solution to the problem? 
We deplore the violencej but we think not. The dictatorial iron-

hand of repression can never stme dissent. Witness Czechoslovakia. 
Actually. our whole bureaucratic system of education from grade 

school up through the universities and people who think like the eco-
nomy-minded Reagan are chiefly to blame for the mess we are in. 

Talk to the striking American Federation of Teachers members 
at San Francisco State, the focal point for the crisis in our s chools 
at the moment, and you'll come away with a different view of the 
problem. 

The st~tus quo has got to go, they'll tell you . students want a col-
lege that is responsive to the needs of their community. And they 
want an educational process that is relevant to the society we live 
in. 

For far too long, grade school, high school, and college students 
have been spoon-fed a brand of pap designed to turn them off the 
college assembly line as good, WASP-oriented middle-class Ameri-
cns yearning for a house in the suburbs with a two-car garage. 

And the kids aren't buying that jazz anymore. 
The want textbooks and teachers who'll tell it like it is. And they 

want an education, not a rubber-stamped degree that's a sure ticket 
to the so-called good life. 

Because the kids know--and resent the fact--that life in fabled 
America isn't very good for too many of our people. 

Why did the profe ssors go on strike at San Francisco State.? They 
have come in for heavy criticism because they did. 

Perhaps, Daniel Knapp, an English professor, expressed it best 
"We are teachers and have a moral commitment to our students ,: 

he said. "We could not teach and they could not learn in the cii-
mate of turmoil prevailing on the campus. 

"The campus was becoming a battleground, and we wanted to force 
a peaceful resolution of the problems. 

"And above all, we want to create a college adapted to the needs 
of our community!" 

We feel that it would be wise for Governor Reagan and the State 
College Board of Trustees to heed that plea and forget about the 
guns and bayonets. 

LETTERS 
©~~~oo [;300©W[M (F~~©~ fA OO~W [;3~@ 

that lady and all she represents. 
Having turned from popular song-
writing to theatre, he is now 
writer and director for the San 
Francisco production of "Big 
Time Buck White." 

Ralph Ellison so aptly observed, 
the black man was "The Invisible 
Man" hidden by, and from, the 
dominant majority. 

Dear Editor: 
Last year, on the evening of 

Friday, April 5, Oscar Brown, 
Jr. -- a talented but little-
known Negro singer and song-
writer -- was scheduled to per-
form at a local San Diego Jun-
lior High School Auditorium. My 
date and I waited lor about a 
half hour after official 'show-
time ', and then decided that Mr. 
Brown was not going to show. 

It was not a hard decision to 
make: Friday, April 5 was the 

::ht after the assassination of 
Martin Luther King, Jr. 

I took my ticket stubs out to 
the booth, where two white mat-
rons of the community were 
laughing it up about the schedul-
ing of the show. I inquired if 
they had heard anything about 
the delay in Mr. Brown' s ar-
rival . One of the ladies turned 
to me as if to let me in on their 
joke , and whispered, "Colored 
people's time." 

I barely understood or felt 
the impact of her remark as I 
handed them my tickets and de-
manded my money backj only 
after I left did I think of the full 
weight of remarks I should have 
made back to her. 

In an article written for the 
Drama column of the San Fran-
cisco Chronicle, Sunday, Feb-
ruary 9, he says, "Is BLACK 
really beautiful? Truly. But 
to demonstrate the fact freely 
in America we have fir st to 
overcome white racism. This 
black people can accomplish only 
by waging and winning a power-
ful cultural r evolution." 

Later in his articulate column, 
he says, "But why must we talk 
-of 'culture' and ' revolution' ?" 

"Because white racism as it 
has often been observed is an 
ideological disorder. It is a 
dangerous mental derangement. 
It is a disease of the heart. It 
is a severe sickness of the soul. 
While slums, poverty, inferior 
education and so on are its nat-
ural byproducts, they are not 
the thing itse If. The thing itse If 
is essentially an attitude. And 
as an attitude it exhibits this 
one incurable weakness -- it is 
based on a damned lie .. . And 
what a lie. 

Historlcally, America's cul-
ture has either ignored black 
people entirely, or it has pre-
sented them as victims, villains, 
pawns or patsies. As author 

The spirit of any people is 
evidenced in their culture; the 
traditional and artistic ways in 
which they express their exper-
iences and the conclusions they 
have drawn from them. By con-
fining American culture almost 
entirely to white experience, the 
dominant racists have demented 
millions of American minds. Only 
a black cultural revolution can 
cure this sickness." 

How true, and how s traight-
forwardly put. Oscar Brown, Jr. 
is no longer the "white man's 
Negro" which he himself admits 
he used to be. He has found 
his true cultural home: like 
many other black entertainers, he 
is reclaiming his responsibility 
to blacks who have still not 'made 
it.' 

Last year , towards the end of 
the Spring Quarter, I was in an 
audience which watched, and then 
partiCipated in an opening of 
white minds to black exper-
ience -- a dramatic production 
by the Watts Operation Boot-
strap company. If UCSD is on 
the ball, they will bring Oscar 
Brown and "Big Time Buck 
White" to the campus this Spring, 
so that whites there can be further 
exposed to true and artful black 
culture. - Terry Baine 

I relate this scene to you 
because I feel that now, through 
some extension of awareness that 
will encompass the vicious rac-
ism of that night, Oscar Brown, 
Jr . is truly 'getting back at' 

Lotus.Eaters, Opium-Dreamers .- Come Ouf of Cloudland 
Dear Editor: 

A familiar smoky smell, wafting from under the 
door of a suite near mine, reminds me that I 
wanted to write something about drugs on campus -
and elsewhere, of course. (UCSD is just U.S.A 
in miniature, isn't it?) 

Here again the muddled use of words tends to 
muddle our thinking, so let's set down some est-
ablished facts. Since the taking of drugs now 
causes over 75,000 unnecessary deaths in this 
country every year, it is certainly a subject that 
we can't afford to be muddled about. (Surprised 
at that figure? Wait a bit, and I'll explain.) 

What we call "drugs" aren't just things we 
buy in "drugstores", of course. They're chem-
icals, natural or artificial, which change your 
way of thinking or feeling, so that you get "high" 
or feel unusually happy or numb. 

1. Smoking the dried leaves of the Nicotiana 
plant is supposed to settle your nerves. It's 
not too expensive, but it's addictive. Furthermore, 
among addicts (most of whom smoke more than 
20 cigarettes a day) it causes the deaths of some 
50,000 people in this country every year. (This 
is the lung cancer figure; who knows how many 
others die unnecessarily of heaTt troubles, etc?) 

2. Smoking the dried leaves of tbe Cannabis 
plant is supposed to dull your discontentments. 
It' s more expensive these days than tobaccoj I 
don't know whether it's addictive or not. Maybe, 
if people smoke more than 20 reefers a day, that 
might also give r ise to lung cancer, Illthoullh r ilrht 

now I don't know of any record of deaths due to 
this drug. 

3. Drinking fermented liquors numbs your 
sense of caution and responsibility. It can be 
expensive, is certainly addictive, and leads to 
25,000 deaths on this country's roads every year. 
Addicts are hard to live with; many get sick from 
liver ailments and the like; and thousands commit 
suicide. So alcohol's another nasty drug. 

4. Then there are pep pllls, weight-reducing 
pills, etc., and horrible things that have to be 
injected (and may therefore lead, incidentally, 
to infectious hepatitis, on top of other ills.) 

You could say that this is a free country, and 
that addicts should be allowed to indulge in all 
the tobacco, hashish and liquor that they want 
or can afford. But there are two sad features 
in aU of this. 

Firstly, those who indulge (whether addicted or 
not) tend to pollute the air and muck up the lives -
or even kill - others as well as themselves. 

Secondly, they indulge, initially out of bravado, 
and then because they don't like the reality around 
them and haven't the courage to face its problems 
squarely. Taking drugs, of any sort, is a mani-
festation of selfishness and cowardice: the stilling 
of a social conscience is bad for society. 

Opium-dreamers and lotus-eaters - where are 
your guts? I don't think what you do should be 
regarded as illegal, but I do regard it as ir-
responsible. Come back out of cloud land and do 
something useful! - Glanna Oscuro 

. ..., ....... . t" .. ... . _-
• 44 ...,. .... AND F.t>1TII HILL IILLD ItEA OWN • 

Jet AMMtt. ' .... ,."....... 
('i s'' . ",,) 

February 14. 1969 Pag~ 3 

The Classroom Marcuse 
by Darrell 

The question of the reinstate-
ment of Dr. Herbert Marcuse is 
reportedly in a state of limbo 
at the present time. Chancellor 
McGlll has, by now, received a 
report from a special commit-
tee which was chosen from the 
ranks of the academic senate. 
He previously indicate(J that he 
would almost certainly accept the 
recommendation of that body, 
though he would ultimately accept 
the responsibility for the de-
cision. 

All of Chancellor McGill's re-
marks indicate that, llke it or 
not, the issue has shifted from a 
consideration of Marcuse' s rela-
tive merits as an instructor to an 
entire ly impersonal evaluation of 
the imminent disaster which must 
ensue any final decision. 

Nevertheless, I feel that we 
must take this opportunity to once 
more pose the question which 
should be the central issue of 
this consideration: Namely, is 
Dr. Marcuse exemplary of the 
traits which the university wishes 
to be personified in every class-
room instructor? Does Professor 
Marcuse instill within his s tu-
dents an unpartisaned enthusiasm 
for knowledge, or does he merely 
utilize his classroom podium as 
a sounding block for his own lef-
ti st ideals? 

The second question, I think, 
is the central source of much 
misunderstanding about Dr. Mar-
cuse. Most current right-wing 
literature employs this miscon-
ception in their quest to s ilence 
him. 

That this is not so is perhaps 
best brought out by a recent o-
ccurrence in the classroom. Pri-
or to a lecture in Marcuse's cur- . 
rent philosophy class, a number 
of SDS students handed out leaf-
lets which condemned Marcuse 
for not having given contempor-
ary applications of the theories 
of Marx and Engels, which are 
the subject matter 01 the course. 

At the next meeting of Philo-
sophy 120, Professor Marxuse 
took a hand count of those for 
and against his r eplying in class 
to the specific cristicisms men-
tioned in the SDS leaflet. The vote 
,howed something like 75 to 40 in 
favor of an immediate reply. He 
then agreed to this consensus, 
though he announced that a fur-

Icenogle 
ther meeting would be arranged 
to accommodate the displaced 

cours~ material. 
In the most emotional, and at 

times humorous, discour se I have 
ever heard from the usually re-
strained and se rious Marcuse (I 
have taken four of his courses), 
he lambasted the New Left, spe-
cifically, on several counts of 
immaturity and stupidity. He a-
greed that no cour se on politi-
cal philosophy should overlook 
the contemporary implications 
and applications 01 its subject 
matter , though he emphasized 
that the only thing wor se is to 
prematurely and fallaciously e-
valuate those applications -- a 
fault of which he specifically ac-
cused the Left. 

He supposed that Cuba and 
Red China were the plausible 
subjects of application of Marxist 
theory, though he admitted that 
he himself was unsure of the ex-
tent and manner to which suchan 
application must owe its validity. 

He further stated that Marxism 
is not a mere drugstore pre-
scriptiion at which you need only 
look to see where and when it 
should be applied. A valid appli-
cation, said Marcuse, presuppo-
ses a thorough under standing of 
Marxism and the system to which 
it is applied, and he thought it 
ver y presumptuous of the "ew 
Left to claim such an under-
standing. 

This instance ,as well as others 
of the classroom Marcuse, seems 
to indicate that be is teaching a 
method, rather than a doctrine, 
of philosophical technique. He has 
described this method as "nega-
tive thinking" in his writings, 
though the student must go out-
side the course material to learn 
of the essential Marcuse (His own 
writings are never required 
reading). . 

His remarks to the ~ew Left 
indicate that such a method is by 
no means partlsaned-- that it 
challenges the budding establish-
ment of the Leftaswellasthe self 
contentment which he be lieves to 
have invaded the traditional A-
merican spirit. 

This element is what makes 
Marcuse essentially different 
from any other instructor of phi-
losophy, and which characterizes 
above aU, the classroom Mar-
cuse 

AS Senate Notes 
by Albert Elzas 

Tom Shepherd moved that the AS lend its name in support of a 
proposed bus trip to the Regents meeting February 20th and 2ist at 
Berkeley. "The Regents have successfully isolated themselves from 
the students," he stated. 
Shepherd aisostated that the trip would be contingent upon securing 

a meeting with President Hitch. 
Speaking time before the Regents for all AS preSidents combined 

is limited to five minutes . "In effect, the door is completely closed," 
said Shepherd. 

Paul Ricks called Shepherd' s plans "half- baked" and suggested that 
nothing meaningful could be accomplished by such a trip. The motion 
was turned down. 

Shepherd also announced that the Culinary Co-Op Committee has 
been "informally dissolved". Announcement of a committee to replace 
the now-defunct Culinary Co-Op will be made at next week's meeting. 
It was emphasized though, that Mr. Lapetina is always willing to discuss 
personally with ;tudents any questions coneerning food service. 

New business included a discussion of firearms at AS Sponsored 
events . It was announoed that hopefully restrictions concerning their 
use and possession can be enforced on all llC campuses. The dis-
cussion was tabled until next week. 

A motion was carried allowing verbal solicitations by student, 
faculty or stafl in the Revelle Plaza for commerc laI ventures . t:p 
to this point, only organizations registered with the .university could 
sell literature on the plaza. Included in the same mOllon was a para-
graph making the newstands at the northeast corner of the Cafete ria 
legal. This motion legalized the peddling now going or the Plaza, thus 
allowing control. 

Also under new business came a discus!:icn :l! ~~:: '"'",.... 1'.,11' 
Day. It was agreed that UCSD should participate by sendlng photo-
graphs of its campus. The ecuring of photographs was assigned 
to the Public Relations Committee. 

Rick Chunn spoke fore the senate requesting $50 with which to 
publicize his newly-organized Canadian information Cent r. He stated 
that too many students are misinformed or misled when they emigrate 
to Canada, and that accurate information should be provided. Dis-
cussion was tabled until next meeting. 



Editor's Note: And then he took all the rest 
of the cards in the file, including 

The Teaspoon Door is 1 news~per which occasionally prints articles file cards for organlzation dis-
that some of its read~rs may find I) tintilating, 2) pornograpnic, tributlon, as well as staff :nem-
3) boring. Because of this tendency, the Door was recently sUb)ected bers and so forth. He also took 
to near suspension of operation due to the arrest of its editor-pubhs.her, an account book and a list of 
Mr. Dale Herschler, on charges of contributing to the delin~uency of distribution outlets orf the wall. 
minors, stemming from their use by the paper as distributors. He had no more than given me 

Whether the charges, based on presumed pornographic c~ntent on his word that all he would take 
of the solicited material, are substantiated (which seems highly un- were the cards with the carriers' 
likely given the present judicial attitude) or not, a man was almost names on them than he violated 
forced to close his business, based on freedom of the press and free- his word by ta'king half a dozen 
dam of speech, without due process, stemming from the activities of other things which illustrates the 
the investigating olCicers. . old saying: ' "You can't trust a 

The following is a reprint of Mr. Herschle~'s retelhng of his arr~st pig." 
and experiences prior to his release on bail. It goes without saymg They also took down my secre-
that he is not objective in his assessment of his experience, but he tary's name and address. I ask-
seems to be extremely fair, given the Circumstances. . ed the plainclothesman who it was 

If, atter reading his account you feel some sort of righteous mdig- that filed a charge against me 
nation at this apparent assault on civil liberties, we encourage you or made the accusation. I said, 
to take concrete measures to assist Mr. Herschler in his fight, for "Don't I have a right to know who 
the cost of hisdefensealone will eventually be greater than the maximum my accusers are?" He said, 
flne he mavencounter. "You'll find out when you go to 

court." So they took me out and 

(};1~[L~g ~ ~~~ID) ~@M~[;3©[IDl( ~:t~~:c~~~t~Oj~fl~carandtook 
But let's give the devil (the 

On Friday, January 3rd, abour 
11: 00 a. m., three plainclothes 
County Sheriff's officers walked 
into the Teaspoon Door office. 
Their leader informed me I was 
under arrest and pulled out a 
warrant and handed it to me. He 
said I was under arrest for vio-
lation of Penal Code 272 and 311.3. 

I looked over the warrant and 
said, "Well, what does this mean? 
These numbers don't mean 
anything to me. I thought the war-
rant would say what I was being 
arrested for. " He said, "It's 
for publishing pornographic liter-
ature and contributing to the delin-
quency of minors." I said, "What 
do you mean by contributing to 
the delinquency of minors?" 

He said, "For letting children 
sell the paper." He asked me if 
I had a record of the people who 
sold our paper, and 1 told him I 
did have. He said, "Well, we want 
it Will you get it for us?" 

I said. "Do you have a search 
warrant for it?" He said, "No, 
we don't have a search warrant 
and we don't need any. 11 you 

don't get it for us or tell us where 
it is, we'll go through this whole 
place until we find it." 

In the meantime one of the 
other officers walked through the 
rear door of the office into my 
private apartment. I said, "What's 
he dOing in there?" And I turned 
to walk Into the apartment to see. 
The other officers grabbed me and 
put handcuffs on me. The leader 
said then, "Don't you understand 
you're under arrest?" 

I said, "Well, if you haven't 
any search warrant, how come 
you're going through my a-
partment?" He said, "We've got 
a right to do what we want. He 
repeated that if I didn't te 11 him 
where the cards were with our 
carriers' names, they'd start tear-
ing through things until they found 
them. 

I said, .. Is that all you want?" 
He said, "Yes, that's all we 

want." 
So I indicated where the cards 

were, and he took the cards with 
the newsboys' and girls' namp" 

DOORBUSTTEASPOONDO 
ORBUSTTEASPOONDOOR 

Sign up in the Placement Office to 
see us about career opportunities. 
Interviewing February 18 

_ Pacific Telephone 
• AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 

pigs) his due. These offlcers 
did not abuse me or rough me up. 
They acted rather in a gentlemanly 
manner. They even unlocked my 
handcuffs from behind me and 
locked them up in front to make 
it more comfortable for me to 
sit in the car. The head det-
ective appeared to be in his 40Si 
the others were younger men. 

All of them were blonde, well-
fed, and square as cubes. They 
recited my legal rights to me, 
and other than what I considered 
to be their illegal procedures in 
searching without a warrant, I 
can't complain of their behavior. 
So we started on a silent 10-mUe 
trip to the county jail. 

The county jail impress me as 
a mess of red tape obsolete 
and cumbersome oedures. It 
is operated in ap-4rtefficient manner 
by a bunch a( clumsy deputies and 
trusties. 

First they lock you in a small 
cell-like reception room and atter 
you sit there for a half hour, they 
let you Into another room where 
the processing begins. You are 
ordered to stl"'ip and deposit your 
clothes in a container on the 
wall. You put your valuables Into 
an envelope. You are put through 
a nude inspection. 

You are ordered to lean over, 
spread your cheeks, turn around 
and lift your scrotum, show the 
bottoms of your feet, hold up 
your arms, etc., so they can in-
spect for concealed dope or wea-
pons. Then you are ordered Into 
another room and told to take a 
.Path in an adjacent shower staU. 

Atter you bathe they give you 
a towel to dry with and issue you 
jail clothes. You pUt on the 
clothes and are In for another 
long wait. Later you are ordered 
to a window to answer a lot of . 

questions about your identity. You 
are allowed two dimes from your 
money to make two phone calls. 
I made a phone call to get an 
attorney over and another phone 
call to my office to bring down 
some bail money. 

There was more to this but it's 
a bit irrelevant to the arrest. 
So after several hours 1 was ord-
ered up the stair s to the third 
floor, where I stood for anotller 
half hour before someone came to 
the door and let me into the 
receiving room. This receiving 
room is run by a sadistic right-
wing deputy and two sycophant 
trusties who say "Yes, yes" to 
everything he says. 

This deputy gets his jollies out 
of abusing every prisoner who 
comes through. I was ordered 
to strip again and lean in a very 
difficult spread-eagle pOSition with 
my hands against the wall. Then 
this deputy kicked my feet apart, 
trying to force me to fall on the 
slippery floor. This is one of 
his cute little tricks. 

He called me a dirty old man 
and a dirty hippie, and started 
spouiing off about what he would 
do to those students at Berkeley 
and those professors up there and 
the professors at San Francisco 

. State is he was running it. 
A young man came in while I 

was being processed and he was 
treated in the same manner, yell-
ed at and abused. The deputy's 
object seems to be to provoke the 
prisoners, hoping they will resist 
so that he can clobberthem,know-
ing that he has the entire sher-
iff's force behind him as well 
as, ultimately, the National Guard 
and the U. S. Armv. 

After another indignant inspect-
ion I was ordered to put my clothes 
back on and atter a long walt, 
ushered into a cell block of about 
twenty men. There were a few 
young longhaired boys there whom 
I immediately ident1fied with. One 
was the "OB Sheriff" waitingtogo 
to honor camp for 90 days as a 
result of charges connected with 
the Ocean Beach riots. 

The older prisoners were rather 
morose. This was more or less 
a receiving cell blockj people 
didn't stay there very long. We 
were soon ordered into the day 
room at the end of the cell block 
for some kind of extemporaneous 
inspection of the cells. A number 
of deputies went through all the 
cells, searching for something. 

They carried out the mattresses 
and sent them downstairs to be 
searched. Nobody knew quite what 
it was all about. There was always 
confusion in this cell block any-
how, on account of people coming 
and going. About an hour later 
better than half of the prisoners 
were ordered into other cell 
blocks, leaving only a scattering 
in ours. 

The boys told me that the night 
before people had to sleep all over 
the floor in the day room because 
all the bunks were occupied • 

About three o'clock carts laden 
with supper trays were wheeled 
in. We emerged from our cells 
and sat at eating tables in the 
front of the cell block. Supper 
consisted of macaroni and cheese, 
spinach, a piece of cake, and 
fried fish. I had a good piece 
of lIsh but the fellow next to 
me had a piece that was tougher 
than shoe leather. 

I had just finished eating when the 
order was sent up for my release. 
[ shook hands with my friend that 
I was sitting and eating with and 

. began the two-hour processing out. 
My secretary, who had come down 
to bail me out, had to wait over 
two hours and a half before I 
was processed out again. 

They have a great system. One 
of its remarkable features Is that 
you Sign a statement you received 
all your valuables at least a halt-
bour before you receive them and 
In an entirely different room. Out-
side of the sadistic deputy on the 
third floor, I could find little fault 
with my treatment in the jail and 
theprocessing and incarceration in 
the jail. 

Most of the deputies are at least 
no more than businesslike. One 
young deputy even gave me the V 
sign as I lett. It made me feel 
good. 

My five or six hours stay was 
far from a pleasant experience, but 
then jail isn't supposed to be plea-
sant. It was great to get out, 
even atter that short a stayl--DCH @'" 

STTEASPOONDOORBUSTTEASPOOND 

• 

USA, FRANCE.... UNIVERSITY SXSTEMS IN FLUX 
~ UlLUIf t!\rrol1~ ~(l)J[M~~[p) 

RALEIGH, N. C. (CPS)--
Twenty-eight students were sus-
pended indefinitely from Shaw 
University Saturday, Feb. I, in 
a special meeting called by Pre-
sident James E. Cheek. Citing 
"reUable sources" tbat cer tain 
elements were "seeking to dis-
rupt the scbool," and were " in-
timidating otber s tudents," he 
declared the 28 " no longer mem-
ber s of the University." 

Cheek cited an October 1968 
declaration banning demon-
strations in reference to th9 uss-
pended students, but no cbarges 
were Usted. students were no-
tilled of the action through notes 

dent accused of disrupting a Se-
lective Service meeting, was ga-
ing to be suspended. Shelton 
had shouted "HELL NO, WE 
WON' T GO" in a meeting on 
Wednesday, Jan. 29. Half the 
male student body walked out in 
protest against tbe required 
meeting. 

While Shelton and Brent were 
ironing out the complaint over 
Shelton's actlon, students re-
moved aU the furniture from the 
student Union Building, to 
express their anger at what they 
throught was going to happen to 
Shelton. 

~~~ i arrow~~1Ja@j~ 1J~[ID 

.... sHAGGy-HAmED IDIOT .... 

ANN ARBOR, Mich. (CPS) 
--The Michigan legislature is 
I.a.unchlng an investigation of the 
state's universities, centering 
around the University of 
Michigan, where a play was shut 
down Sunday (Jan. 26) for Its 
use of nudity and a sit-in is 
scheduled for this weel(. 

Wayne state University in De-
troit and Michigan state in East 
Lansing are also expected tofeel 
the brunt of the probe, which 
resulted from concern over stu-
dent activism on the campuses. 

., "People are sick and tired of 
... -----~.shaggy-haired idiots Interfering 

Regents. But their operations 
are dependent on yearly legisla-
tive allocations of state tax funds. 

The director of the company 
performing "Dionysus," Richard 
Schecher, said he would challenge 
the constitutionality of arrests 
against the 10 cast members who 
were arrested at the per-
formance. Police in the audience 
charged the six men and four 
women with indecent exposure. 

under their doors. The notes President C~k said he was 
informed them that they had run prepared to- send home "as many 
afoul of the demonstration ban students as necessary." In fact, 
and were to leave campus imme- expulsion papers were ready for 
diately. Among tbQse suspended 300 more students (the school's 
were Student Council president enrollment is 1100), and Cheek 
Donald Brent and a numbe'r of said he would Issue them if ne-

@OO~~~~~i1V~ 
with the activities of good stu-
dents," said State Sen. James G. 
Fleming, a Republican from 
Jackson who introduced the re-
solution from the Investigation. 

Michigan is the second Big 
Ten school to have a dramatic 
production shut down this year. 
Last fall a University of Wis-
consin dramatic department a-
daptation of .. Peter Pan" (also 
with a nude sequence) was raided 
at its second performance. Char-
ges against its cast members 
and director were later dropped. 

campus leaders. cessary to maintain order. 
There had been no trial, no Student reaction at this small, 

prior notice that they had been I private black school was shock, 
accused of breaking any rules. dismay, and fear. Many of those 

The suspensions came as a who had partiCipated in the de-
result of a Thursday demonstra- monstration but had not received 
tion jn which all the furniture suspensions were waiting for the 
was removed from the Student ax to fall. Many were afraid 
Union Building. students had to do anything lest they too be 
beard that f)<o I.. ~he> llon. a stll- sent home. 

PARIS (CPS)--French Minis-
ter of Education Edgar Faure 
is fighting for his university re-
form measures tenaciously, be-
set by opponents from both the 
Right and the Lett. 

The more conservative Gaul-
lists continue to put up stiff 
opposition to the law's changes 
in university governance to in-
clude faculty and students on a 
decentralized basis. At the same 
time the student organization UN 
EF (Union Nationale des Etud-: 
!ants Francaises) considers the 
reforms insuffiCient, and intends 
to boycott the elections of re-
presentatives to sit on the manag-
ing boards. 

• GREENSBORO, N.C. (CPS)--
Three hundred students at North 
Carolina A & T University in 
Greensboro staged a one-
day takeover of the administra-
tion bullding on Wednesday (Feb. 
5) to protest faculty incompe-
tence and resistance toacademlc 
reform. 

The students demanded that six 
professors be fired immediately 
and that 10 others be placed on 
probation from their teaching 
duties. Other demands were: 

--that all 'F' grades be re-
moved from transcripts once a 
student has successfully com-
pleted a COUrsei 

--that pop quizzes be abo-
lished, and class attendance not 
be taken except on test daysj 

--that estimates of credit and 
standing for draft deferment pur-

. poses be processed for all stu-
dents 

ALBUQUERQUE, N.M (CPS) 
--A New Mexico state legislator 
has charged, during the state's 
educational budget hearings, that 
"obscenities" have appeared at 
least twice In the University of 
New Meldco student newspaper, 
The Lobo. 

Lobo editor Rob Burton says 
he plans to cbaUet!ge state Sen. 
Harold Runmrts to reveal the 
words. Runnels in his speech 
said that the words were "too 
shocking" to repeat in public. 

Senator FIe mlng said those who 
oppose the probe are .. crying 
witch-hunt as a smoke screen 
for its real purpose. ,. 

Besides the special probe, 
school Officials face upcoming 
budget hearings soon, and the 
legislature holds the purse-
strings. Michigan universities 
are legally independent under the 
state constitution. and are con-
trolled by an @Iected Board of 

Thursday noon (Jan. 30) a 
"non-disruptive sit-in" was 
scheduled for the U~ Office of 
student Affairs to dramatize de-
mands for abolishment of lan-
guage, humanities social sci-
ence, and science requirements. 
Also under protest is the closed-
door policy of the facultyassem-
bly and lack of student represen-
tation on curriculum committees. 

••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
·8 · • • 
• • 
• • 
• WILL BE INTERVIEWING • 

: ~ FEBRUARY 17 : 
In DijOD, the "Committee for 

the Defence of the Republic," a 
rightist organization founded last 
May, called the reform "a re-
volutionary bolling pot , a bluff, 
a fiasco, a time bomb." Faure 
retaliated with a public letter 
accusing the Committee of being 
"ideologically reactionary and 
sentimentally fascist." 

cc rn tro $@ OO~lXJ n [f) • FOR THE FOLLOWING GRADUATES • • • 
• BS/ MS/PhD EE • 

600,00 students returned to 
the universities January 6. The 
great majority had not been there 
since the events of last May. 
students are being asked, along 
with professors, to elect their 
representatives to tbe university 
managing boards. Under the 
reform, these boards will have 
the task of d9ciding on the struc-
ture and function of teaching and 
classes. 

In order for the elections to 
be valid, at least 60 per cent 
of the nation's students must 
vote. The or(ler of the day 
from the Left, therefore, is to 

~botage the reforms by DOt vot-
in{. 

MONTGOMERY, Ala. (CPS)--
A federal judge has called Au-
burn University's attempt to ban 
the Rev. Wllliam Sloane Coffin 
from campus "illegal anduncon-
stitutional censorship in its raw-
est form." 

The speech by the Yale Chap. 
lain will take plate as scheduled 
January 8 unless the school in 
an appeal proves "Irreparable 
damage" will be done... 

Auburn President Harry Phil-
pott lad rulLed that . the Rev. 
Mr. Coffin could not ute univer-
sity It,cUities beca~e he had 
been convicted of cohspirlng to 
urge vtolatlon of draft laws. A 
student organizaUon which spon-
sored the ~Ch, the Human 
Rights FQrl!JR'. brought the case 
to court. 

U. S. District Judge Frank M. 
Johnson called this "blatant p0-
litical cen~rship" and ordered 
the ban dropped. 

• • • MS/PhD Statistics/Math • 
• BS/MS ME • 
• • • BS/ MS IE • 
• • _. see your placement office for our brochure • 

• • 

S 
GEN'ERAL TELEPHONE & ELECT ONICS 

• 
• 
• 

• 
• 
• 
• • an equal opportunity employer • 
••••••••••••••••••••••• 



Oil beautiful for spacious slies 
for ."er wa,es of grain 
for flUrp'e mountain maiesties 
AIIo,e t~e fruited plain 

God shed his grace on t~ee 

from sea to shining sea 

• • 

. . 

AMERICA THE BEAUTIFUL 
, , 

Mexican-American border at San Ysidro. 

And Crown til, good wit" brotherhood 

, .. 

t -... 
•.. ~ .. ~ , 
. ' . 

• pages br 'eolar" Ito.ril 

Not to touch the earth 

Not to see the sun 

Nothing to do but run 
\ ' 

run, run 

Jim Morr i son 

Run is a reaction to America 

Run is smoking dope 

Run is Tiajuana on a weekend night 
Run is taking acid and trying to touch 

the earth 

Run is seeking life 

Run is going to Canada 

Run is making love 

Run is wearing shades and trying to see 

the sun 

Run is shouting pig loudly 

Run is shouting pig softly 

Run is shouting pig and having nothing to do 

but run, run, run. 



8 Feb 14 1969 

D. 'orodi.: 
four Quartet Masters 

by Paul Hamburg 
Tbe most dlmcult review for a 

crltte to write Is one which de-
scribes those few, rare, seem-
ingly perfect concerts. When the 
Borodin Quartet performed last 
Mooday evening at Sherwood Hall, 
sucb an event took place. 

Tbe performance of these four 
Russians witb the mournful faces 
was a true lesson in ensemble 
playing for the most fortunate 
audience. Each member of the 
ensemble is a master musician. 
All four are perfectionists in e-
very sense of the word. Above 
and beyond all this however they 
have perfected the art of string 
quartet 

of the modern Russlanidiom,ana 
was performed with energy, spi-
rit, and style. 

Following the Shostakovich, the 
Quartet performed Five Pieces 
by Anton Webern. This required 
the most daring of playing. Much 
of the work is startling to the 
ear untuned to the modern tonal 
form, but the ensemble captured 
every nuance of the jarring and 
jagged style. 

After intermission, the Boro-
din Quartet played Brahms. The 

I a minor was done slightly s lower 
than is often heard, but with such 
feeling and emotion thatthe heart 
was truly moved. 

Why was a bale ot hay fed to 
the piano? Which famous UCSD 
professor lectured on navigation 
from a row boat? What comes 
out of the candy machines? The 
answers to these and other in-
soluble problems wlLlbe'answer-
ed by the UCSD Art Gallery'snew 
exhibit, Fluxus. 

The show looks like a dime 
store, like the trays of brightly 
colored toys, the squirt guns, 
the whistles, the dolls, the puz-
zles made out of brightly colored 
cardboard boxes with glass tops 
that required some nearly impos-
sible balancing of a ball bearing, 
that cbildren touch and playwlth, 
while their mothers purchase 
some notion. The string quartet is unique 

of all aspects of the range of 
musical expression. The possi-
bilities are nearly inflnite- small 
and intimate, full, rich, and or-
chestral the Borodin Quartet has 
mastered every aspect of this 
demanding instrument. 

The works performed were of 
the most demanding sort. The 
program opened with the Quar-
tet No. 2 by Shostakovich. The 
entire work is a perfect example 

' It is impossible to praise the 
individual members of the Quar-
tet enough. The violinists, Ros-
tislav Dubinsky, and Abraham 
Yampolovsky, were both magni-
ficent, their tone and preCision 
unsurpassed. The violist, Dimi-

tri Shebalin, must be especially ~ ~ ~'t~(: 'f~ praised, his tone was the fullest, _ 
richest, and deepest of any violist 
this reviewer has ever heard. 
Cellist Valentin Berlinsky, also 

This exhibit is a fluxus 5 & 10, 
It consists of various art objects, 
collected, assembled, and/or 
made, containing nothing incom-
prehensible of itself, but seem-
ingly strange and new In its final 
conception. The exhiblt contains 
puzzles, paradoxes in boxes, 
games, toys, machines, things, 
chairs, tables, jokes, lampoons, 
dead birds, happenings, music, . possessed immaculate tone and 

richness. 

1969 Caprice Coupe 

No clow ns. No hoopla . No 
funny hats. 

This is ar event for the serious 
car buyer. The man who has X num-
ber of dollars 0 Rnpnd and is deter-
mined to get Ids tTIoney's worth anti 
maybe more. 

Come to:1 h vrolet Showroom 
during our Va! u Showdown. 

Ask the . nan to show you, on 
paper, how yc u can order most any 

(10% with A.S. Card) Phil's Auto 
Radio Repair M SOUTH AMERICA: 

*Alpaca hats & ponchos I 
*Sensuous fur rugs! 
*Ancient Andean idols! 
*Sympathetlc Koala bears! W74f fiad ~., B 291477() 

1969 Chevrolet with a big VB and 
automatic transmission for less than 
you could last year. 

Come in and spend some time. 
Dig, probe, ask questions, take notes. 
Y;;u OVJP it to yourself to oe thorough. 

Go for a drive. 
Get a Cree sample of Chevrolet's 

luxurious full-coil, cushioned ride. 
Shut the windows and see how fresh 
the interior stays, thanks to Astro 

Ventilation. Feel the kick of the big-
gest standard V8 in our field . 

Then go down the street or across 
town a.nd see how we stack up against 
Those Other Cars. 

We think you'll wind up with a 
Chevy. 

More people do, you know. 

'9nfl.!.'SJ' 
Puttln, you first, keeps us flr.t, 

The Chevrolet 
Value Showdown is on. 

see. 
The art represents the same 

tremendous variance of Wool-
worths, and is unWed only by 
its name and conceptual basis, 
FluXIIS, from the word flux (a 
flow, a continuous movement or 
change, an unnatural discharge 
of fluid from the body, a rite 
of flow of energy over a surface, 
to purge.) 

Fluxus contains tbe work of 
many varied minds, all trying to 
somehow create a flux in tbe mind 
a change In the energy of the 
surface of an object, to ctellte 
new and unnatural, or perhi.ps 
natural images and forms. 

And it goes beyond this level 
to creating the same flux in the 
idea of art, questioning what art 
is, what makes art, how art is 
to be displayed, or percieved, 
whether art should present ques-
tions, or answers, or absurdltles. 
.. Fluxus encompasses oppoSites, 
forcing you to consider opposing 
it, supporting it, ignoring it, 
changing your mind, but mostly 
changing your mind." 

The exhibit contains simple 
music mac bines, tbat play vio-
lins simply, chess sets made 
from burrs, wooden puzzles that 
are clearly simply solved, but 
whether one's sanity could last to 
the end is doubtful. There are 
games without instructions, in-
structions without ~mes. There 
is a Fluxus klt wltha collection of 
lables from cans. Is it a Fluxus 
menu, or is it Fluxus food, or is 
it Fluxus lables, or Fluxus art? 

The entire movement is seem-
ingly made up of gags, and not 
overly creative ones at that. Its 
conceptions are usually some re-
versal of a normal image, and 
their for m, a jects, is not de sign-
ed for any sort of permanent ap-
peal. 

Fluxus also Is concerned with 
multiples of objects, that can be 
made and sold cheaply in large 
numbers. The entire group of 
artlsts seems to change the nor-
mal image of art, serious, solemn 
eternal, expensive, singular. 

In many ways, it is the ideas, 
the conceptions, not the objects 
themselves that are interesting, 
as if they were stating art is i-
deas, plans, and not completed 
projects, or material, physical 
objects. 

Tbe exhibit opened Wednesday 
night with a happening, created 
by David Antin. It began rather 
slowly, and quickly developed in-
to a group event, with part of the 
audience dancing, walking around 
inhaling helium, and talking in 
cartoon voices. 

Other happenings are planned, 
including the opening of AUson 
Knowles' Big Book February 24. 
This is an ordinary book, that 
one can open, walk into, and sit 
within, talking to a literary chum. 
Its only unusual quality is its 
immense size. 

Antin, the Art Gallerydirector, 
Is also planning a Flux parade 
on March 4, in La Jolla or San 
Diego. This should be quite in-
teresting. Consider, Is a flux 
parade a flow or a discharge? 

You can go and play Flux Ping 
Pong, open the boxes, play the 
games until March 22. The gal-
lery hours are Tuesday through 
Friday, 11:00 am to 4:00 pm, 
Wednesday night 8:00 to 11:00, 
and Saturday and Sunday, 11:00 
to 5:00 pm. 

Go and see what a Venltian 
blind would see if it were not 
blind, see who kllled the bird, 
hear a musical chair's musiC, 
see what is on tbe other side of 
the shade, and what shades ar, on 
the other side. 

.' 

" 

ELVIN JONES-JAZZ DRUMMER EXTRAORDINAffiE-
WILL BE FEATURED WITH HIS COMBO MONDAY FEBRUARY 18 AT 8:30 P.M. IN THE H.L, AUDITORIUM. 

Carousel 
career ... 
or the horse 
that went 
'round and 
'round 

Beware of illusions. The horse that takes off at a 
brave gallop may actually be going in circles. 

And so may you , if you mount an unalterably 
defined career ... one that goes 'round 

and 'round the same course forever. 
Your ultimate success may lie in a dif-

ferent direction , in a field you are not 
now even considering. That is why 
the company you select is important 
... why Convair can be important 
to you . . 
Much of Convair's varied work lies 
in developing totally new aero-
space concepts. Often, there are 
no precedents. What you will be 
working on five years from now 
may not exist-even in idea form 
-today. But you can be sure of 
one th ing: The work will com-
bine ' your talents and our 
needs, and that is the surest 
path to success. 

We add a third ingredient to 
make the first two even more 
mean ingful : Recogn ition 
and ' reward for achieve-
ment. And we encou r-
age individual prog'ress 
through several educa-
t ional-assistance pro-
grams at nearby univer-
sities. 

If you are determined to bu!ld 
a reputation in the aerospac~ in-

dustry, to be individually recognized 
and amply rewarded, don' t start yo~r 
career on a carousel. Your future IS 
at stake. 

Career opportu nities exist in th~ 
following disciplines : aeronauti-
cal civil, electrical/electronic and 

mec'hanical engineering, engineer-
ing mechanics, engineering physics 

and engineering science. 
Our representative w ill be on Campus 
soon. Contact your Placement Officer 
to arrange an interview appointment, 
or write to : 
Mr. J . J . Tannone, Supervisor, Profes-
sional Placement and Personnel, t;on-
vair Div ision of General Dynamics, 
5330 Kearny Villa Road, San Diego, 
California 92112. 

G E N E RAL C Y NAM.CS 
Convair Division 

An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Pa e 9 

Berleeley ,con ,'d. 
confront the more than 100 pa-
llce stationed on the campus. 

The campus newspape r, the 
Da11y Californian, put it bluntly: 
"Yesterday our idiot Governor 
declared a state of extreme e-
mergency, and im mediately there 
was one."Thlrd World leaders 
said they didn't think Reagan's 
declaration would make much dif-
ference. 

strike leaders urged their fol-
lowers to exert self-discipline 
in dealing with the police. "We 
don't want a confrontation and 
mass arrests," said Jim Nabors 
of the Afro-American student 
Union, "We want a victory." 
Strike leaders asserted that all 
violence so far has been stu-
dents defending themselves 
against the police. 

Although it has been charged 
that the striker s are increasing 
the violence to try to bring more 
pollce on the campus and thus 
buHd more student support for 
the strike, Jim Soliz, a leader 
of the Mexican-American Student 
Confederation, told a strike 
meeting, "The issue Is not 
'pigs off campus.' The issue 
Is the demands." 

The demands are very simllar 
to those at San Francisco state. 
They include: 

_ -creation of a third wor Id 
college, containing departments 
of Black, Asian, and Mexican-
American Studies, under tbe con-
trol of non-White students and 
fa,culty; 

--recruitment of more non-
white university employee s at 
all levels from chancellors to 
janitors; 

-- "admission, financial aid, 
and academic assistance to any 
Third World student with poten-
tial to learn and contribute as 
as assessed by Third World 
people"; 

--Third World control overall 
programs involving non-white 
people; 

--amnesty for strikers. 
The response of President 

Hltch, Chancellor Heyns, and the 
faculty to these demands has also 
been very similar to response 
at San Francisco state. They 
have asserted that they are al-
ready doing as much as possible 
about ethnic studies and recruit-
ment of non-white faculty and 
students, They also say that 
the demands will bave to be 
processed through normal uni-
versity channels. 

Before the strike began Heyos 
said the demands "in no sense 
warrant a strike." 

The faculty senate recently 
tabled a motion to approve in 
principle a college of ethnic stu-
dies to be planned by non-white 
faculty and students, 

it was a similar attitude on 
the part of the San Francisco 
state administration that kept the 
strike going there. 

There are some differ-
ences between the two strikes, 
The Berkeley administration has 
so far exercised more control 
over the use of police than did 
the administration at San Fran-
cisco State , although that may 
change under Regan's state of 
emergency. The larger physical 
size and student population at 
Berkeley make it harder to or-
ganize an effective strike, and 
faculty support for the strikers 
is not as strong at Berkeley 
as it has been at San Fran-
cisco state. 

There also seems to be less 
unity among non-wbite student 
groups at Berkeley. Last Fall 
when NASC clller8:1f) strike to 
demand that tht> , sity sup-
port tbe gra b they re-
ceived no supr ,m black 
student... 'I'll,,' lr Id I !h_ 
eration Front'~ ds were 
revised several ring dis-
cuss ions among ultee con-
stituent groups. 

It Is these dUferences which 
will determine whether Berkeley 
becomes another San Francisco 
state. 



o 

eVIn JO es 
~rIO 
~e ;t\~V(,~1) 
pe~j()rPlin~ arts 
eotnMi ittt Fesenis 
n.. jaz 7. (!.on:f.e..c-+ feb -''1 
iA -t\le. Hu ",;an;-l'~s -
L, be-elf' -f\v~~-h,c-, OM 

. ,.. . 

• t ~~~¥~~~¥·~·····~·~· 

. , 

. \ 

,\ 

• .......................... " ..... " .... 

~t."S/I#Uc 
UCSD Athletics 
Are Not 'Mediocre' 

by Larry Raful 
No doubt about it -- a 'pro-

blem does exist. And, as in 
every problem, there are those 
on both sides of the question who 
are not willing to compromise. 

In the middle of the athletic 
scholarship debate is Chancellor 
William McGill. But, unlike the 
decision concerning Prof. Mar-
cuse, McGill doesn't have to make 
this decision by himself. He 
ce rtainly is to be commended for 
asking for a student referenClum 
on the question to voice student 
opinion. And, in the end, the 
decision that is made won't please 
all the people, but hopefully a 
majority will consent to acourse 
of action to be taken. 

There are so many ways to 
look at this problem. First, 
I thought I should examine UCSO's 
athletic teams to see if a real 
need for better athletes exists. 

Looking solely at the winter 
teams, it would be hard to tind 
a need for better athletes. For 
example, the basketball team. 
There is no doubt about the fact 
that they are a fine team. Coach 
Stoner has taken 11 juniors and 
sophmores and molded them into 
a fast moving team, combining 
speed, accurate pass ing, Quick 
ball handling, and precision 
shooting. Bob Des jardins and B111 
Flatley are two olthe best guards 
in Southern CalUornia, and this 
is saying a lot. 

The value of Dave KiefCer and 
Ed Babiuch is twofold: fine out-
side shooting by both, plus tough 
rebounding on both boards. The 
loss of Ron Carter was supposed 
to hurt center Jeff Mill by put-
ting more pressure on him, but 
the re st of the team has res -
ponded by helping Mill out on 
defense . 

The Triton hardcourters have 
provided many thrills, and it 
looks like a sure bet that they 
will be chosen to be one of the 
four teams to play in the NAIA 
regional playoffs , which is Quite 
an honor. Why better athletes 
for Coach Stoner, you ask ? 

The same situation exists with 
UCSO' s wre stling team. With 
their win over UC at Riverside 
Monday night, they became the 
firs t UCSD team to be undefeated 
at home-. As a matter of fact, 
they are unbeaten in dual matches . 

this year, with an 8-0-1 record. 
That one tie Is quite a feat in 
itseil, that being against a Calif-
ornia wrestling powerhouse, 
Biola of L.A. 

Led by Bob Wilson, Phil Cost-
ello, Fred Grunwald, and Ed 
Couvrette, Coach Millenbah's 
team has surprised many people, 
including Millenbah. With two 
Important tournaments upcoming 
(the Biola Tourney and the NAIA 
District Meet) the Triton grap-
plers are in good shape physic-
ally and mentally. Again I ask, 
does the wrestl ing team need 
scholarship athletes? I think 
not. 

The other winter sports are-
ri't faring quite as well, although 
they have had some close and 
exciting competition, especially 
the UCSD rough and tumble rugby 
team. 

Quite frankly, we just don't 
need athletic scholarships for one 
good reason. We are doing bet-
ter in athletics than the "med-
iocrity" Mr. Tom Ham describes 
in his de lighttu 1 letter published 
las t week in the Times. He 
feels we must gain stature with 
San Diego, partially through ath-
letics. I haven't as yet noticed 
a great crowd of San Dlegans 
nocking to UCSO's gym to even 
investigate the athletic pro-
gram's "mediocrity". 

Even more, I wonder how much 
Mr. Ham has inve stigated his 
ludicrous charges himself. Go 
see Des jardins make a layupwlth 
three 6'S" giants trying to stop 
him, or watch Couvrette pin a man 
100 Ibs. heavier than him to win 
a match, and then tell me that's 
mediocre. 

It that's not enough thrills for 
you, Mr. Ham, then you might 
as well ask ROMle to close down 
the school because the res t of 
this school, including the know-
ledge and excitement generated 
by professors like Dr. Mandler, 
Marcuse, Oliveros, Krinsky, and 
others is just as mediocre. 

Proponents of subs ldation ask, 
"Do we want to eDd up like , 
Cal Teeh - poor athletic teams 
and no scholarships?" I say 
fine. What's wrong 'With Cal 
Tech's reputation as an insti-
tution oC higher education? And 
atter all, education is what we're 
striving for, isn't it, Mr. Ham? 

INTRAMURALS 
The Dorm League Basketball 

Championships began Monday, 
February 10, with Captain Crunch 
de feating the Greeks in a 44 to 
21 rout. The Greeks had only 
fou r players in the last period 
and gave way with a 23 point 
deficit. 

The Lizards and Wasps played 
last Tuesday; the score was not 
in at the time of this article 

Today at 3:00 p.m. Scripps and 
BOI play in the gymnasium, fol-
lowed at 4:00 p.m. by the Weasels 
and the Mind Benders. Comple-
tion of these games wUl put the 
Championship winners bracket 
well into the semi-finals. 

All of the remaining games in 
Dorm League ' Championship will 
be played in the evening at 8:00 
and 9:00 p.m_ beginning February 
17. All Open League Champ-
ionship games will begin Feb-
ruary 23 at noon. Schedules 
will be out for Dorm League Fri-
day , Febr uary 14, and the Open 
League schedule will be out next 
week • 

The co-ed volleyball tourna-
ment wlll begin February 22 with 
games being played from 10:00 

a.m. to noon each WEekend. All 
entriljs must be male and female. 
All who have signed up without 
a male or Cemal8 teammate 
please contaet a partner. Dead-
line for entries is.definitely Feb-
ruary 19 at 5;00 p.m. 

The 2-man volleyball tourna-
ment began on February 22 at 
1:00 p.m. Deadline date for all 
entries is February 19. Those 
who signed up may pick up a play-
ing time schedule at the Intra-
mural Office. Mos t games will 
be, we hope, on weekends. 

The badminton tournament, 
men' s and women's s ingles and 
co-ed doubles, begin February 
18. Play wlll be each Tuesday 
and Thursday at 12:00 noon and 
on weekends 12 :00until 5:00 p.m. 
All University personnel are wel-
come to partiCipate. Deadline 
for entries is February 14 at 
5:00 p.m. 

Table tennis sign-up sheets 
w1ll be posted on the bulletin 
boards at the entry way to the 
men's and women's locker 
room s. There will be a sheet 
for men and women's single s 
and co-ed doubles. 

SPORTS 
SHORTS 

Football 
Head Coach Walter Hackett 

has accepted a job as defens ive 
line coach for the Pittsburg 
steelers next season. Hackett, 
who coached the Triton football 
team in its first season of inter-
col1egiate competition, wUl be 
replaced next year by Bobbie 
Lane. 

Golf 
The UCSD golf team opened its 

1969 season with a 34-20 victory 
ove r USD. Ed Hamilton was low 
medalist for the Tritons with a 
round of 81. Coach Ted Frobes 
is optimistic about the rest of 
the season, and considers this 
victory a sign of better things 
to come • 

Home Games 
Feb. 14 - Golf vs. Cal Poly, 

12:30 p.m. (home golf matches 
are held at Lomas Santa Fe 
Course) 

Feb. 14 - Swimming vs . River-
side, 4:00 p.m. 

Feb. 15 - Rugby vs. Cal state 
LA, 2: 00 p.m. 

Feb. 15 - Basketball vs. Cal 
Baptist, 8:00 p.m. 

Feb. 17 - Goil vs. Cal West-
ern, 1:00 p.m. 

Feb. 19 - Tennis vs. Mesa 
JC, 2:30 p.m. 

Feb. 21 - Basketball vs. San 
Diego State , 7:30 p.m. ,Frosh. 

Tourneys 
Weekend Tournaments: 

Feb. 14,15 - Biola Wrestling 
Tournament, 2:00 p.m., at Biola. 
The Triton wrestling team will 
be going into this tourney with 
a 6-1-1 record. 

Feb. 14,15,16 - Santa Barbara 
invitational Tennis Tourney, at 
Santa Barbara. 

Rugby 
The UCSD rugby team kicked 

off its 1969 season with a 26-6 
victory over RiverSide, followed 
by a 13-6 setback to the UC LA 
O's . 

The crowd cheered a domin-
eering Triton team to a lopsided 
victory over Riverside. During 
the first tight stage of the ga me , 
the forwards harrassed the 
Riverside backs ceaselessly. 
With such vigorous persuit the 
visiting team could not settle 
do.wn. 

Following several quick passes 
the hooke-r, Cl iff, drove over the 
line for the fir st of his two 
scores . Soon 'afterwards stone 
broke loose from a scrum. 
Knight, a hard driving prop cul-
minated another scrum drive be-
fore the haU-time break. 

Seconds after play resumed 
Wasdorf scored, again from the 
packs tough persuit. Perhaps the 
most beautiful play of the game 
was by Cunningham who jinxed 
past several of the opposition. 
Grubber kicked the ball past the 
fullback into the endzone, and 
dove onto the ball for the try. 

Using his around-the-corner 
kicking s tyle Sertic conve rted 
four of the six tries, all from 
ditrlcult angles. 

The loss to UC LA was dis-
appointing for the Tritons, 
who led at the end of the halt. 
UCLA s tarted the second half 
with a quick score, and the Tri-
tons never resettled as UCLA 
went on to win. 

UCSD fought back admirably 
during the last 10 minutes with 
Knight deserving special m n-
tlon. Also Lleblow deserv s 
praise for both his defensive nd 
offensive effort s. 

February 14, 1969 11 

---D.E. 
Triton cager Ed Babiuch (24) pulls up for a score in Tuesday's 

game against Cal Western. Babiuchturnedan outstanding performance 
to lead the Tritons to an important, team-effort victory. Number 44 
for the Tritons is Mark Van Epps . 

Cagers Head for Playoffs 
A fired up UCSD bas ketball team practically clinched a spot in 

the NAIA District 1lI playoffs with a stirring come-from-behind vic-
tory over rival Cal Western here Tuesday. 

Down 37-27 early in the second half, the Tritons went to a pressing 
zone defense. The tight Triton defense rattled the Cal Western offense, 
causing numerous turnover s, and a hot shooting spurt by Ed Babiuch 
sent UCSD into a 44-41 lead. 

Atter that the Tritons retained a five point lead or better throughout 
the r emainder of the game, and the final score read 77-66. 

" This was a Cantastlc team victory," said Coach Neil stoner about 
the game. Indeed, outside of a fantastic performance by forward Ed 
Babiuch, the entire team turned in an outstanding performance. 

Steve Waddell, a freshman, and Mark Van Epps , a transfer student, 
both came through with clutch performances as they had to fill in 
for Injured center Jeff Mill. 

Despite Inexperience combined with pressure, they both kept the 
Triton attack movipg smoothly which was certainly a contributing 
factor in this big win. 

Kiefer, Flately and Desjardins turned in their usuaUine performances 
as well. "This has to rate as our greatest win of the season -- a 
real team effort,' r emarked Stoner. 

This puts UCSD in a good position to be named to the NAIA playoffs. 
With two weekend games against relatively easy opponents , the Tritons 
should go into Sunday's selection of the teams with an 18-6 record. 

Three of the following five teams wUJ be voted into the playoffs 
on Sunday: UCSD, Cal Western, Pasadena, Azusa Pacific and West-
mliml. With Friday's win, UCSD is in good position to be one of the 
teams. 

Matmen Go Unbeaten 
On Home Grounds 

Last Monday night, the Triton 
wrestling squad finis hed its first 
undefeated home season, a feat 
which has never been accom-
plished by a UCSO team. The 
Tritons, who have only lost to 
Cal Poly Pomona in a triangular 
meet at the beginning oC the 
season, just barely beat UC 
Riverside to up their record to 
6-1-1. 

As a background to the sea-
son's climax on Monday night, 
the Tritons put on an awesome 
display of power as they crushed 
Whittier college 28-3, Saturday 
at the UCSD gym. 

Against Riverside the Tritons 
had a much harder time as the 
match came right down to the 
wire. At 123, Gample lost 11-2, 
at 130, Wilson decislone' 10-3, 
at 137, Gossard 10 t 5-2, and 
at 145 Nemclk lost 9-6. At this 
point the scor was 9-3 in favor 
of Riverside , 

Mighty Tom "Ulysses" Grant 
set the Triton power machine in 
motion as he pinned his Riverside 
opponent in th first period. 
Costello at 160, and Grunewald 
at 167 overwhelmed th Ir op-

ponents by identical scores 14-3. 
At 177 Triton grappler Larry 
Raful su.t!ered a knee injury pre-
venting the continuation of his 
match. The !Ive points for de-
fault tied the score at 14-14. 
But Couvrette rose to the oc-
casion as he has done so otten 
this season and pinned his op-
ponent in : 56 seconds. 

Needless to say Coach Chuck 
Millenbah was proud of his fine 
tea m. Above all Mille nbah pra is-
ed his wrestlers for their fine 
team effort as shown by the 
fact that five wrestlers shared 
outstanding wrestler of the week 
award. For this week Millenbah 
named John Grossard, Bob em-
clk, Tom Grant, Frell Grunewald, 
and Ed Couvrette as outstanding 
wrestlers of the w k. So far 
this season, no less than seven 
wrestlers have won this award. 

This weekend, the Triton grap-
plers travel to the Biola Tourna-
ment wbere they will compete on 
an individual basis against some 
of tb top teams In the South-
west. MllIenbach expect a strong 
showing from ev ry member of 
the team. 



Page 12 February 14, 1969 

: CAMPUS KIOSK 
" 

Friday. February 14, 1969 
Coli with Cal Poly Pomoma at Lomas Sante Fe. 12: 30 p. m. 
SWimminl! with UC Riverside. 4: 00 p. m. 
Basketball with Cal Tech. 7:00 and 8:00 p. m. 
Alpha Phi Omega movie " The Birds " plus Road Runne r ca r toon, 

50 cents. 
Coffee Hut entertainm e nt. " Ralph". 9:00 p . m . 

Saturday. February 15. 1969 

USB 2 722 . 7:30 p. m . • 

THE MUSIC DEPARTMENT 
of UCSD presents three con-

rts -- Robert Gartside, tenor, 
n February 20 (8:45 p.m., 409 

Matthews Campus); Bertram 
Turetzky, contrabassist, on Feb-
ruary 21 (8:30 p.m., Art Gal-
lery, Matthews Campus); and 
"The Dhing Alchemist" a con-
cert of works by Pauline 
Oliveros, on February 23 (8:30 
p.m., UCSD Gymnasium). The 
concerts are free and open to 
the public. Rugby wi th C a l Sta te LA, 2:00 p. m. 

Alpha Phi Ome ga movi e. " The B i r ds", plus Road Runner cartoon. USB 2722, 7:30 p . m., • • 
50 cents . 

Basketb a ll with Ca l B a pti st, 8 : 00 p . m. 
THE CLUSTER LIBRARY, 

Mus ic Depa rtm e nt prese nts " M ondo Violino Concert". 409 MC, 8: 30 p . m . 
Coffee Hut ente rtainment, " R a lph ". 9:00 p. m. 

Matthews Campus, is now dis-
playing an exhibit of student art. 
The works represent solutions 
to problems assigned in the Re-
presentation and Surfaces cour-
ses given by the Department of 
Visual Arts. The Surfaces course 
deals with surface and spacial 
:>rganization, and the Represent-

Sunday , February 16. 1969 
B ridge Club. Info rmal L ounge. 6 : 30 p . m. 
Muir fi lms . " Olvidados". "Anticip a tion of th e Night". USB 2722. 7:30 p . m. 

Monday. February 17 , 1969 
Go lf with C al We s tern. Lom a s Sa nte F e, 1:00 p. m . 
A. S. Senate m e eting . 111-A MC. 6: 30 p . m . 
A. S. presents "Elvin J ones Tr io" fe a t u r ing J im m y Gar r ison, Jazz Concert. 

HL Auditorium. 7 : 00 p : m .• f re e. lations course explores various illusion making techniques. Most of the students whose works lIJ'e being displayed are freshmen with little or no art Students for Resoo ns ihl,. Ar t ;n ... . 110W MC . 7:'\0 n m . Friends of the Res ista n ce. Meet a t thc Revelle P laza Fountain. 6:00 p . m. 
Tue sday. F e bruary 18 . 1969 
Litera ture Depa rtment co lloqu i um. Professor Walther Killy. UC Santa Cruz. "Crises Itraining and most are non-art majors. Nevertheless, under the guidance of instructors Miriam Schapiro and John Baldessari, in the Germ a n Unive r sity". H L Auditorium. 4:00 p. m. Soa r ing Club. USB 2 622 . 7:00 p. m . 
Students fo r a Democratic Society. USB 3070. 7:00 p. m. 
Chris tia n Sc ie nce Organization. USB 4050A, 7: 30 p. m. 
Go Club. C offee Hu t. 8: 00 p . m . 
Unive rs ity F olk Da n ce r s. Revelle Main Cafeteria. 8:30 p . m. 

Wedne sday, February 19 . 1969 
Shum L a nguage Club. Inter-Language Club Lounge, 12: 00 noon 
Tenni s with San Diego Mesa JC. 2: 30 p. m. 
Alpha Phi O mega. USB 4030A, 6 : 30 p. m . 
Trident Christian Fellowship. USB 3030A. 7: 00 p. m . 
E conomics Club. Inter-Language Club Lounge. 7:30 p. m. 
L a nguage Club film - Spanish. ' To Die in Madrid". USB 2722. 
Ski Club. USB 3010. 9:00 p. m. 
Coffee Hut m ovies. "The Mask of Zorro " . 9: 30 p. m . 

Thursday. February 20. 1969 
Students International Meditation Society presents P aul Horn. 

HL Auditorium. 7:00 p. m. 
Russian Club. Inter-Language Club Lounge. 7: 15 p. m. 
Music D partment presents Robert Gartsid~, tenor. 409 MC, 

Friday. February 21. 1969 

8:00 p. m. 

"Trancendental Meditation" 

8:45 p. m., free 

the students responded by creat-
ing imaginative works with pleas-
ing design and colors. 

The staff of the Cluster I 
Library is happy to present this 
exhibit for your enjoyment. 
• • 

A MONTE CARLO CAR RALLY 
will be held this Sunday, Febru-
ary 16, starting at 11:00 am, in 
the Mission Valley Center, north-
east corner of the parking lot. 
The registration fee will be $3, 
and there will be four classes. 
The rally should take approxi-

i : telY three hO; S. • CSA PARTY IN NORTH DIN-• ing Room at 6 pm, February 15. 
I 

CSA basketball match with San 
Diego State CSA at 2 pm, Feb-
ruary 15 in the gym. Soaring Club Frisbee Contest. Revelle Plaza, 11:00 a . m . 

Alpha Phi Omega mOV1C "Magnificent Me n and Their Flying Machines" plus Road Runner 
ca rtoo n. USB 2722, 7:30 p . m . 

Basketball with San Diego State. 7: 30 p . m . 
Arts 8< L ectures present Renaissance Quartet, Sherwood Hall. reserved seating. 

$3/$1 UCSDStudents, 8:30 p.m . 
Music Department presents Bert Turetzky R 

CampuS . 8: 30 p . m 

c ita l. Contrabassist. Art Gallery M atthews $275 lou"O' ... ip from Lo, A ....... 
Year .'round deportur .. from 2 to 
12 ....... 

Coffee Hut er clrtainlTlellt, 9:00 p. m. 

No maHf~r 
how you get here ••• 
we're close by I 
Keep your money IN ,ent it's safe .. . easy to get to and use . .. wnh a 
checking account I nd savings account at San Diego's oldest and 
largest local bank. 'Ve lend money, too ... for almost any worthwhile 
purpose. (Our auto loan rates are especially low.) So ... scoot by 
todayl South.ern Ca ltomla Firat National Is the only bank In La Jolle 
Shores. Our frlendl!' s1aff Is especially trained to aerve college men 
and women. 

Southern 
CALIFORNIA FIRST 
National Bank 

LA JOLLA SHORES OFFICE 

FEATURING: 
, TJ'lCHARGEABLE 

CHECKING ACCOUN1 
4.5 AUTO LOANS 

2256 AYM,da d~ la Playa/La Jolla. California 920~ 
Phone' 294- 4440 Walter G. Robertson, Manager 

SPECIAl. SPRING QUAmRFUGHT 
Mardi 3G.Jun.9.LA'/I.otI .• Amater./ 
L.A. • $255. All flighh "io U.S. 
C.rtificated Airlift ... 
Vobrld Affairs Club - 42.46 0" .... 
land A.,.~ Cui" .. City (213) 83a. 
9329,839·2.418. 
- -.. 

THE 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF 

COLLEGE STUDENTS 
announces 

COLLEGE STUDENTS 
AUTOMOBILE 

• 

. 

INSURANCE PROGRAM 
Under 21 yr. old $51.00 Semi·Annually 
Over 21 yr. old $40.00 Semi·Annually 

(for qualified students> 
Even lower rates for married & females . 

Does your policy give you All of these bel,' fi ts for as Iowa pre· 
mlUm? 
1. 20% DISCOUNT .... scholastic 
2. 10% DISCOUNT .... on renewal 
3. Monthly payments 
4. 0 CANCELLATIONS due to driving record 
5. SPORT ARS .... no additional charge 
6. ~O. ONE DE LINED THIS STUDENT SPONSORED PROGRAM. 
T hIS IS a speCIal program for Calif. Colleg Student Only. 

For immediate s rvice and information call 

CALIFORNIA COLLEGE STUDENT PROGRAM 
2223 EI Coion Blvd. San Diego 

291-4335 

SAN DIEGO SYMPHONY 
Orchestra on Thursday and Fri-
day, February 20 and 21, wUl 
have Zoltan .Roszynal conduct 
music from "Space Odyssey Zool 
and Schuman's .symphany *4" at 
the Civic Theater. Tickets will 
be available to anyone interested 
for $1.50 at the Associated Stu-
dents Office, BuUding 250, Matt-
hews Campus, or through Mrs. 
Mary Cushing at the hospital. 
Further information on the SIO 
campus will be available through 
Ms. Diana Midlam, Room 107 
Scripps Building. Tickets for the 
performance will be on sale be-
ginning Tuesday, February 18. 
The concert is scheduled to begin 
at 8:30 pm on both evenings. 

===============~ The Associated Students UCSD 
will present the STRANGE BREW 
playing for a dance in the Muir 
College Cafeteria Matthews Cam-
pus) on Saturday, February 22, 
1969. Light show wlll be provid-
ed by THE GLASS EYE. The 
dance and light show is scheduled 
from 8:30 pm to 12 midnight. 
Admission Is free to UCSD stu-
d~nts. 
= ======== ======1 
F't,ce. -:@~ 

ClaSsl~le.os .•. 
to aU \Jcst) ctl.Jc1e.~ 

WlAX. 2.5' -N()~~ .(1~d) 
de.h-lt.f'" to 1\ OffiCe. . 
(f'~iD\eg ~paee ?e("tn~nel 

~ GJf Y'Ju're , 
thinking of the 

GReligious CLife ... yo 
01le8tep 
Purthef 

If you are eriously thinking 
o f the priesthood, the ques· 
tion becomes not "what" but 
"who." 
Who can allow you to utilize 
you r own innate ta lent? 
Who is most attuned to our 
time? Who can offer the 
mo t freedom in your work? 
The answer is the Pauli ts. 
Their goal is to meet the 
needs of alI God's people 
a they ari e ill each era and 
each age. The Pauli t trie to 
make hrist, His teaching 
a nd H i Church more under· 
standable to tho e he can 
reach. Right now, they are 
working with young people 
at UCLA, Berkeley, Santa 
Barbara and San Diego. 
In our recent Renewal hap-
ter we e tabli hed the guide· 
line by which a Pauli t 
eminarian and prie t would 

operate in these changing 
time . A summary of the e 
renewal principle i avai l-
able to those who question 
"whether a priest can really 
be with it today." 
To find out more about the 
Paulist spirit, end for an 
illu trated brochure and a 
ummary of our Renewal 

Chapter Guideline. 
Write to: 

Vocation Director 

'Paulisth CPat erg 
Room 

415 We t 59th treet 
New York, N.Y. 10019 ~ 


