
Se ,.Iee'il 

Regents Consider Davis Case, Budget t .F. 
by .Tom Shepard 

TT Education Writer called the action of the Regents, "blatant intervention in the orderly processes of the University.· 
million and supplements thereto up to a total of c:uch 
$374 million in order of priority. • 

In other actions at the meeting, the Regents reviewed 
but took no action on the appointment of Michael Kris man 
to the dean of students office at Irvine. Krisman, SDS 
organizer and former Associated Students President at 
Irvine will be doing counseling in the dean's office. 

The University of California Board of Regents has en-
tangled itself in another educational and political contro-
versy by instituting action to terminate the contract of 
UCSD graduate Angela Davis, newly appointed black pro-
fessor of philosophy at UCLA. 

The ' cademic Council, composed of the faculty chair-
1Il8.&,(if the nine campuses, stated that lawful political 
affiliation, including membership in the Communist Party 
cannot legally be made the basis for disqualification 
for membership in the University faculty.· 

In addition to personnel problems, the Regents heard 
President Hitch report on recent actions of the state 
legislature. Hitch stated that a new law now requires 
that the University give every student a copy of University 
regulations every quarter. 

The Regents, meeting in a four hour executive session 
in San Francisco on September 19, directed UCLA 
Chancellor Charles Young to remove Miss Davis as a 
result of a letter from the 25 year old doctoral can-
didate admitting she was a member of the Communist 
Party. 

Chancellor William McGill stated his belief that the 
Regent's action of last April, banning political tests 
in hiring practices, may invalidate this most recent 
decision. He also suggested that it was !mportant for 
the Board to reach an understanding of the meaning 
of political tests. Hitch also reported that it is now a misdemeanor 

for a person suspected of having entered a campus 
"for the purpose of committing an act which is likely 
to interfere with the peaceful operation of the campus," 
to refuse to leave when ordered to do so by the chief 
campus officer. 

The firing of Miss Davis was not the only emotionally 
charged issue before the Regents. 

Consideration of the University budget touched off 
heated debate between Governor Ronald Reagan, who 
recommended a $289 mUllon UC budget for 1970-71, 
and UC President Charles Hitch, who stated the University 
needs $374 million to continue its present growth. 

Although the Regents were sworn to silence and there 
was no official comment after the meeting, ex-officio 
regent Max Rafferty was "happy- and said all had gone 
well. 

While the controversy over Miss Davis was debated 
secretly in executive session, the Regents had to publicly 
face the budget crisis. 

Finally, Hitch announced that Chief William Beall, 
head of the Berkeley campus police and former Chief 
of the Berkeley city police has been named Police Services 
Coordinator for the nine UC campuses. Reagan contended that "every state agency has fat that can be trimmed. • 

Hitch responded by claiming that the $314 million 
represented a "no ' fat- budget and that the proposed 
24% cut from last year's budget would have a disas-
trous effect on the University. 

The political implications of the budget fight between 
the Governor and the University were temporarily smoothed 
over by a compromise resolution which both supported 
Hitch's statement of University needs ($374 million), 
and complied with the state Director of Finances re-
commendation ($286 million). 

Beall had recommended to Berkeley Chancellor Roger 
Heyns last May that the Berkeley city police and later 
the Alameda County Sherrifs Department be called in 
for security during the construction of the fence around 
People's Park. The Regent's long executive session, necessitated by 

the consideration of Miss Davis' appointment, eclipsed 
in length the record executive session in which Clark 
Kerr was fired as UC President in 1966. 

Reactions to the firing were immediate. Four UCLA 
professors, in a letter to the LOS ANGELES TIMES 

The Board resolved: "That the Regents awrove a 
1970-71 budget request of $374 million from the state 
as a statement of University needs,· and "That in com-
pliance with the requirements of the State Director 
of Finance, the President be authorized to submit to 
the Department of Finance a program based on $286 

In action of interest to UCSD students, a $6 per quarter 
fee was approved by the Regents to finance the construction 
of the UCSD student center. The fee, which was approved 
by the students last spring, will be instituted beginning 
winter quarter. 

~triton 
tiIlles 

. V.I. 8 II •• J Ode .. , 3, 1969 

Angela Davis Speaks 
Today at Revelle Plaza 

sident of the University, Charles Hitch, to 
by Cl ay Anderson "terminate Miss Davis' University appoint-

TT News Ed; tor ment in accordance with regular procedures 
Angela Davis, a former UCSD teaching 

assistant who studied for her doctorate under 
Dr. Herbert Marcuse, will address a noon 
rally on campus today. 

Miss Davis, who is currently a member 
of ' the UCLA Philosophy Department, has 
just begun what promises to be a long battle 
with the UC regents over her admitted mem-
bership in the Che-Lumumba Club, an af-
filiate of the U.S. Communist Party. 

The 25 year-old assistant professor is 
a Phi Betta Kappa, magna cum laude gra-
duate from Brandeis University. Atter gra-
duation in 1965 Miss Davis journeyed to 
Goethe University in Frankfurt, West Ger-
many, to study German idealism. In 1967 
~he returned to the U.S. to study at UCSD. 

While at UCSD, Miss Davis was very ac-
tive in the Black students Council and helped 
lead the fight to secure a major role for 
minority students in the development of 
Third College. 

The current controversy is the result of 
the September Regents meeting in San Fran-
cisco. During a closed executive session, 

lution was s directi the Pre-

as prescribed in the standing Orders of the 
Regents." The full text of the Regent's 
resolution is printed on tt}is page. 

This resolution, which is based on other 
resolutions now decades old, was the result 
of a chain reaction of events. Ear ly in 
1969 Miss Davis was considered for em-
ployment by Princeton University, by Swarth-
more College in Pennsylvania, and by Profes-
sor Donald Kalsih, chairman of the Philo-
sophy Department at UCLA. 

Kalish invited Miss Davis to appear before 
the Philosophy Department and the faculty 
members were much impressed by her qua-
lifications and poise. Her appointment passed 
routinely through the various channels of 
the university and in May she signed a two-
year contract as an untenured assistant pro-
fessor at $9,684 a year. 

On July 1, however, the UCLA Daily Bruin 
carried an article written by a 27-year-
old FBI informant named William T. Divale. 
Divale wrote that the Philosophy Department 
had just hired an assistant professor and 
that "the person is well qualified for the 
post and is also a member of the Communist 
Part ." 

Telt of tile legents lesoll, •• of Sep'. 19 
WHEREAS, on October 11, 1940, The 

Regents adopted a Resolution stating that 
"membership in the Communist Party Is 
incompatible with membership in the fa-
culty of a state University"; and 

WHEREAS, on June 24, 1949, The Re-
gents reaffirmed and amplified that po-
licy with a resolution stating, in part, 
"pursuant to this policy, The Regents 
direct that no member of the Communist 
Party shall be employed by the Univer-
sity"; and 

WHEREAS, in an action reported March 
22, 1950, the Academic Senate, Northern 
and Southern Sections, concurred in the 
foregoing policy by adopting a resolution 
that proved members of the Communist 
P 

of the faculty; and 
WHEREAS, on April 21, 1950, The Re-

gents adopted a Resolution confirming and 
emphasizing their policy statements of 
October 11, 1940, and June 24, 1949; and 

WHEREAS, it has been reported to the 
Regents that Angela Y. Davis was re-
cently awointed as a member of the 
University faculty, and subsequently she 
informed the University Administration by 
letter, stating, among other things, that 
she is a member of the Communist Party; 

NOW, THEREFORE, The Regentsdirect 
the President to take steps to terminate 
Miss Davis' University appointment in 
accordance with regular procedures as 
prescribed in the standing Orders of The 
R 

Then, according to Newsweek, the FBI UC racul', lea's 
apparently leaked Miss Davis's name to the "l C 
San Francisco Examiner, and an article about 
her was subsequently written. In the wake of the Regents ' resolu-

Late in July the regents ordered Chancel- tion concerning Angela Davis, came 
lor Young to investigate the charge and he strong condemnation of that action by 
reluctantly complied. the UCSD Academic Senate, the UCLA 

In answer to a letter sent by Young, Miss Academic Senate, and by the Statewide 
Davis, while denying the university's right Academic Council. 
to make such inquiries, freely admitted her The Council met at UC LA on Mon-
membership in the Che-Lumumba Club. day and passed a resolution which cal-

At this point, Governor Reagan and other led for the review of a 1950 Academic 
conservative regents pressed to have Miss Senate resolution barring Communist 
Davis fired. This movement seemed in Party members from teaching at the 
conflict with a June 30, 1969 declaration university. The Council is composed 
of Regent policy which stated that "no po- of nine faculty members, each a chair-
litical tests shall ever be considered in the man of one of the University's nine 
appointment or promotion of allY faculty mem- campus divisions. 
ber or employee." Governor Reagan, how- ... . 
ever, commented that "advoc.acy of Com- On Wednesday the UCLA Academic 
munism with a small 'c' is different from Senate voted 551 to 4 to rescind its 1950 
membership in the Communist Party." resolution banning Communist Party 

Regardless of the interpretation, however, members from employment at UCLA. 
the battle has now moved into another arena. It also voted 539 to 12 to condemn the 
Before Miss Davis can be officially fired Regents' firing of Miss Davis. UCLA 
she has the right to appeal her dismissal Chancellor Young backed the Senate's 
before the Tenure Committee of the UCLA action, stating "I have opposed, I do 
Faculty Senate. Last Friday, Miss Davis oppose, and I will contuup. to oppose 
requested a hearing before the committee the action taken by the Board of Re-
which is now scheduled to begin on October 17. gents." 

Reaction to the Regents action was largely At UCSD the Academic' Senate met 
unfavorable. Chancellor Young commented yesterday in emergency sessim to con-
that " the firing of Angela Davis will cause sider the action ld;'ell oy tOO cauemlC 
a row that will make the loyalty oath fight Council and the UC LA Senate. The fa-
look like a Sunday school picnic." culty members--all 150--voted unan-

Law Professor Kenneth Karst stated that imously t support the Council resol-
'a number of people fee! it's an at ck ution, which also stated that "The Uni-
on the entire faculty, not just on Angela versity cannot be placed in the posi-
Davis." tion of screening present and prospec-

Chancellor McGill felt that the firing would tive members of its faculty to ellmin-
"cause a great deal of trouble throughout ate persons who belong to a party whose 
the university and nationally as well. " po itions are unpopular." 



YAF Oonvention Overr~n: 
by Al!1archist Element: 

SAINT LOUIS (CPS) Another group supposedly sponsored by the 
Over ODe thousand members of the right wing "students for Victory in Vietnam Committee" 

Young Americans for Freedom crowded st Louis's banded out modified peace symbols that looked 
exclusive stouffers' Riverfront Inn in then-' attempt like 8-52 bombers wltb the words "Drop It" 
to coordlDate anti.new left activities for the coming on tbem. The committee is OOused in the same 
year. 

But tb1ncs weren't as quiet in last month's 
convention as they were in previous conventions. 
The new 11beratarian and anarchist caucuses tried 
to take over the reigns from the tightly knit 
traditional leadership. 

YAF's "liberals", however, found themselves 
in the same position that McCarthy supporters 
were In at last summer's Democratic National 
Convention. They were locked out of delegate 
positions and in many cases kicked off to the 
side in alternative or "non-voting" member sta· 
tuses. 

Many delegations were purged of liberal mem-
bers. National Secretary Michael Thompson was 
accused of packing his own home state delega-
tion. A leading Missouri YAFer said that he 
and other libertarian members had been systema-
tically eliminated even though tbey had sent in 
checks in advance. Thompson denied the charge 
and said that he had filled delegate spots in the 
order in which they had filled out applications. 

The biggest fight came in the Pennsylvania 
delegation where the national organization had 
removed the state chairman and replaced him with 

. J .A. Parker, an insurance broker from Philadel-
phia. Parker is listed as an approved YAF speaker 
in the otticial YAF speakers' bureau handbook. 
He was the only Afro-American at the Convention. 

Liberals accused the national office of purging 
the state chairman because of his anti-national 
office feelings. 

The liberal caucus, which had up to a 40 per 
cent vote on one amendment, was constantly charged 
with being alien to the Sharon statement or con-
stitution of YAF. Sbouts of "purge, purge," 
rang from the convention flOO~ and at committee 
hearings when liberals spoke. Reactionary car-
toonist Al Capp advised YAF to get rid of the 
"outsiders.' And YAF had a real problem on 
its hands as some of the liberal platform had 
little to do with the previous YAF policies. 

Liberals outdid the traditional members with 
a resolution that not only called for an immediate 
end to the draft but called on YAF national board 
members to "publicly oppose conscr iption or leave 
the board," It supported direct action ' such as 
draft counseling and individually reSisting the 
draft," 

The traditionals supported, and the convention 
passed, a watered down resolution supporting a 
Barry Goldwater bill eliminating conscription but 
only in peacetime. 

The liberal view varied but most of the roughly 
250 liberals seemed to support immediate troop 
withdrawl from Vietnam, llberalizing abortion laws 
and all similar issues that a modern day Mc-
Carthy-type liberal would support. 

Some of the traditionals were just as right 
wing as the liberatarians were liberal. One booth 
in the display area imported Thompson Seedless 
Green Grapes from CaillorDia and handed out 
"Eat Grapes, the Forbidden Fruit' bumper 
sticker. The same booth handed out Ronald Rea-
gan promotional material. 

small offices as Missouri YAF. One girl handing 
out literature denied that the committee was simply 
a front for the political beliefs of YAF state 
chairman Thompson. "All they do is pay the 
rent," she said. 

There was no shortage of good old fashioned 
red-baiters. The National Education Project played 
tapes of Eldridge Cleaver's speeches to Black 
Panthers and banded out material on the inter-
national Communist conspiracy. One movie pro-
motion poster read, "See the Communists on cam-
pus." 

"SD5-SS" buttons were popular. And Phillip 
A. Luce, former member of the Progressive Labor 

. Party am now a paid member of the national 
staff, told of his life as a Communist. 

One major theme of the convention was that 
YAF should take legal action to stop campus 
disruptions. A youthful WUliam Frank, legal ad-
visor to the New Orleans cbapter, held a press 
conference to announce YAPs new play to sue 
university officials who give in to campus demams 
to close classes. Frank cited cases which he 
claims make the schedule in the college catalogue 
binding to the university. He said that groups 
of the students can obtain tuition rebates if a 
school is closed up. 

NEWS ANALYSIS 
Despite all the talking on the subject of legal 

action, no concrete plan of action was announced. 
YAF did, in a resolution, warn college adminis-
trators that unless "they provide protection for 
enro lIed students and qualified recruiters that Y AF 
will henceforth provide that proection." There 
was not any clear indication as to how far that 
protection might go, but many extreme right 
wingers seemed to be promising to physically 
stop campus demonstrators from entering des-
ignated areas on campuses. 

YAF is almost 100 per cent white with few 
Catholics or Jews. It passed a resolution sup-
porting the apartheid aOO white control of gov-
ernments of the Union of South Africa and Rho-
desia while condemning the "North African so-
cialist states." 

YAF put a one-year deadline on ending the war 
in Vietnam. It wasn't the kind of deadline liberals 
push for, however. The resolution called for major 
escalations in the conflic t including an invasion 
of the North, "closing" of Haiphong Harbor, born\). 
ing of Communist strongholds in Laos and Cam-
bodia, aIXl flooding the Red River Valley through 
destruction of its irrigation system. 

Unlike most student conventions, adults and par-
ents were very much in the picture. Many state 
advisors from member communities and faculty 
members accompanied their delegations. Secre-
tary Thompson's father followed him around the 
convention floor of the hotel offering bim advice. 

• '***'** ** * "'* *** *t .-----------.1-
.. . 

: PARLAY ROOM: eap Used Boo's 
""" in Mission Beach """" 

TRlrON TIMES 
• • 

: Reed's 800islore NEEDS YOU 
·TAVERN· :~~~3~7~85~o~c~e~an~F~r~0~n~t~W~a~~~~~~ ______ -=============~ 

OFFERS 
• 
• 
• 

• • 
• • 
... POVERTY PRIC ES FOR ALL! • 

... 

• HAPPY HOUR DAILY 5-6 PM • 

... 

... . 
• VIDEO TAPE Flr.H'T'S, ~ 
• 
.BALLGAMES, TOP ,ESS SHOWS: 

POOL, BOW .lNG, 
& OTHER GA .\1ES 

• 
.. 

... 

• 

VISIT THE NEW 

ORIENTAL IMPORTS 

OF 

AND SEE OUR LATEST IN FASHION 

~elIeet (pu,.~td 
'DU44U $24.99 

. .., 

.. (direct from our knitters in Honk Kong 
- CHECK US OUT -

plus jewelries, objet d'art, 
: PARLAY ROOM TAVERN 

and many unusual items) 
• 

• 225-27 W. 15th st. • 
... . 
... ... 

.. (IN THE BOWELS OF DEL MAR). 
"'. * * * * * * '* * * * * * * * . 

THE PLAZA, 

1250 PROSPECT ST., LA JOLLA 

triton times-friday, october 3-oaQe 2 

e on the Media 
by Joel Goodman TT Research Director 

This week heralds the beginning of a new column. "Eye On 
the Media" wUl attempt to keep students informed on latest local, 
national, and international developments that specifically relate 
to students and the rest of the academic community. 

The Triton Times has recently subscribed to a score of assorted 
newspapers and magazines, and the notes appearing below will 
be taken from tbese. Essays and articles not specifically related 
to events but nevertheless of student interest wUl also be noted 
in this column. , 

***'*** 
The trials of the "Cbicaao Eigbt': has begun in Chicago, and the 

final decision wUl be of monumental importance to the issue of 
free speech. 

These eight were leaders of the demonstrations last Augllbi 
during the Democratic Convention, and they have been indicted 
under the anti-riot provisions of tbe Civil Rights Act of 1968. UDder 
these provisions, a suspect need not have violated any law; he 
only has to be shown to have planned to cross state line to incite 
a riot. 

Among the eigbt are Rennard C. Davis and Tom Hayden, both 
co-founders of SDS; David Dellinger, chairman of the National 
Mobilization Committee to End the War in Vietnam, wbo has been 
convicted of Selective Service violations as far back as 1939; 
Jerry Rubin and Abbott Hottman, both members of the Ylppies; 
and Bobby Seale, tbe national chairman of the Black Panthers. 

The defendants claim they came to Chicago to protest the war 
in Vietnam, a rigbt guaranteed them under the First Amendment. 

This case is so important because it stabs at the question well 
stated by the Christian ScieIlCe Monitor; "Just where must the fine 

' line be drawn between tbe right of protest and dissent to change 
government pollcy and the right of government to take action to 
protect itself?" 

The proceedings of the case will be summarized beginning next 
week. 

*'***'** 
The city manager of Berkeley suggested the formation of re-

gional law enforcement agencies to cope with future disturbances 
in the city, claiming that the small local police forces are unable 
to handle the magnitude of disruptions, like toose which occured 
earlier this year. 

He noted the excellence of the Berkeley Police Department, 
but also stated that "it is not an army designed to deal with mass 
confrontation and riot." 

The repercussions of a newly-formed permanent "army" around 
Berkeley are ones that only.tbe future wUl disclose. 

****** . 
Ted Kennedy said Monday -that he plans to start hearings pre-

sently on the draft laws. He has called them "unfair, uncertain, 
discriminatory and outdated." He said the hearings will deal 
with the adm~istration rather than the legislation of the present 
draft laws. It is hoped that Kennedy won't be wasting his time, 
since there is a good possibility· onhe entire system T>eing over-
hauled shortly. 

Vice President Agnew announced Sunday that he will not speak 
at liberal colleges in the tuture. "I wouldn't think of going around 
to subject myself to interrogation on a liberal college campus, 
because I would know that, no matter bow many students would 
want to hear what I have to say and to weigh it objectively, there 
would be a sufficient number there to dissrupt and make it impos-
sible for me to be heard." One wonders what further comments 
Agnew plans to make to infuriate so many liberals. 

Senator Harold E. Hu~s *ofItN!, !hairman of t.he Senate sub- , 
committee on alconollsm and narcotlcs, recently sald in California 
that the nation is dealing with the drug problem in an atffiosphere 
of fear and blindness comparable to the sixteenth century attitude 
about witchcraft. He added that "our laws governing drug use 
and distribution are already primative, inconsistent, sadistic and 
unenforceable. " 

He pointed out that "research on marijuana is virtually non-
existent", and if it should prove that it is no more harmful than 
alcohol, then possession or use of it should not be a felony. 

'****** 
The California Constitutional Revision Commission recommended 

Thursday that the term of office for University of CalifOrnia Re-
gents be reduced from 16 to 12 years. Tbeyalso suggested that 
appointments of UC Regents require confirmation by the State 
Senate. '* '* * * '* * 

Dr. Herbert York, chairman of the Physics Department, first 
chancellor of UCSD, and outspoken critic of ABM, has recently 
been appointed acting dean of graduate studies. 

****** Dr. Roy Harvey Pearce, professUT of American literature, has 
been appointed as special assistant to Chancellor McGUl for aca-
demic planning. He has been on the UCSD faculty since 1963. 

****** 
A survey conducted by J. K. Hadden, sociology professor at 

Tulane University, revealed that American college students now 
form a "private generation"--resentful of outside autbority over 
their own lives but still sharing the suburbl.n ideas of their elders. 

Their "don't-tread-on-me righteousness", Hadden said, Is res-
ponsible for most large student protests, rather than agreement 
with the tactics and ideology of protest leaders. More on this 
"private generation" is con~ined in the latest Psychology Today. 
It is interesting reading. 

*'***'** 
The October 7 issue of Look contains an article by John D. 

Rockefeller Dl called "The New Chivalry." It is a shOrt compluison 
of the older am younger generations with respect to sex and love • 

He argues that young people "seem to understand that love is 
much, much more than sex, and that it is natural for a person to 
be lOving, in the finest sense, toward many other persons of both 
sexes. If the primary love relationship is strong and built on caring 

I and understanding, then the expression of love to others will not 
be threatening to one's partner. 
"Children born of that primary relationship wUl be brought up 

to understand that love does not mean owning another person, 
and it is possible to love deeply in marriage and to love others 
openly and honestly as well." -

AS _.te .tes 
Benjamin Outlines 
New Regent Ruling 

by Roger Showley 
TT Contributing Editor 

Aside from taking on the sponsorship of Angela Davis's ap-
pearance on campus today, the AS Senate heard several reports 
Tuesday dealing with last year's activitles, as well as AS Presi-
dent Jeff Benjamin's report on the Regents meeting of September. 

Uni,ersit, Eltension Classes Offer Now 
Special Deal to Regular . UCSD Students 

Benjamin described the new Regental pollcy that allows the AS 
presidents of 11 UC campuses (or their representatives) to addresl.. 
the Board and its committees. 

With the approval of UC President Charles Hitch this possibi-
lity will guarantee that student views and opinions can receive 
offic ial notice. 

Originally, the Regents in July had suggested tlat a student 
representative might sit on the Board, as well as on the Regental 
committees. These two proposals, along with the suggestion that 
a permanent committee for student affairs be formed were turned 
down. 

According to Benjamin, the resulting action amounted to " 40 
per cent of the original proposals,' which Muir Senior Tom She-
pard, last year's AS President, Initiated in 1968. 

For the rest of ~ report, Benjamin said that the UC AS Pre-
sident's Council woulCl be reorganized this weekend. Calling it 
a "very together group," Benjamin said that the Council had also 
met with San Francisco Mayor Alioto who hoped for cooperation 
frC)lll students in his pending gubernatortal campaign. 

Benjamin released the latest figures for the AS's operations 
last year. As of August 31, the AS had accumulated a deficit of 
$6769.62, which included losses from the Program Board of $3983.44 
and the Communications Board of $58.24. A possible surplus can 
be realized if loans to such organizations as the Soaring Club and 
uncollected advertising revenues from the Triton Times, which 
total $800 or so are paid. A $6800 deficit would represent about 
8 per cent of last year's AS budget of $78,000. 

A problem in the Program Board is arising, according to Up-
per Division Senator Jim Magill, who heads the committee which 
organizes lectures, dances am other entertainment events. Baja 
Marimba Band is scheduled to perform on October 18, which is 
only two nights before Herb Albert's Tijuana Brass is to play at 
the San Diego Sports Arena. The $5500 investment stakes all 
performing arts plans on this one event, and should it fail, says 
Magill, there would be none the rest of the year. 

Last year's sale of bus tokens by the AS is to continue after a 
renewal of the pollcy of the Shepard Senate, which SUbsidized 
5 cents for every token. Available soon in the AS Office, Building 
250 MC, the tokens will sell for 20 cents apiece and will be limited 
to $2 per undergraduate at a time. 

.u;r DoI'IIS Ne.r Coatpletiol 
by Rich Heimlich 
TT Staff 1.,rriter 

for. preparing snacks and the re-
frigeration of some foods. 

There are students who do not 
like the tall residence halls. They 

by Bob Schwartz 
TT Staff ~triter 

For the estimated 5300 stu-
dents enrolled in courses this 
tall, the word 'extenf:inn' car-
ries more slgnificanc.!t than a 
type of ladder or a longer e-
lectrical cord. 

The University's extension 
programs serve much the same 
purposes, however, by allowing 
these people (many of whom are 
unable to follow a full-time 
course of study) to scale the 
intelleCtual heights regardless of 
past educational background, and 
plug themselves into 'what's ha-
ppening' to their speCies, their 
nation, and their academic com-
munity. . 

Although many of the 210 
different courses oftered are for 
college credit towards a degree, 
a large number require no pre-
vious university-level work, or 
only general prerequisites. 
Many of the classes are given 
solely for the individual's self-
gratification, and have no pre-
requisites whatsoever. 

The classes themselves are 
generally held at night, with the 
locations scattered about the UC 
SD campus itself, the public 
schools , industrial plants, mili-
.tary faCilities, and even private 
residences. For those willing to 
awaken at an early hour, cour-
ses are broadcast over commer-
cial networks and supplemented 
with 'contact' lectures from the 
instructor personally. 

The completion of the eleven 
story residence hall on Muir with-
in the next thirty days will do 
much to ease present crowded 
conditions in the Muir and Matthews 
campus residence halls currently 
occupied. Students who are how 
tripled-up in the newly built eight 
story residence hall on Muir and 
the older residence halls on 
Matthews will be shifted to occupy 
the new structure on Muir. 

find them uncomfortably insUtu- .. - .. ----~-.. P .. 
tional and featureless due to the S$ XMAS 

Both the eight story hall and the 
adjacent eleven story hall on Muir 
co mplete the first stage of resi-
dence hall construction on that 
campus. Together they house 617 
students. Both buildings were de-
layed due to a plumbers strlke 
which was settled only a week 
before the students were to come 
on campus. 

By working around the clock 
and concentrating only on the eight 
story building, the builders man-
aged to open it for early occupancy 
before the faU quarter began. The 
interiors are still unfinished and 
residents must cope with workmen 
making the finishing touches. 

The new halls offer such features 
as pratice rooms, listening 
rooms, lounge areas, s tudy alcoves 
and laundry rooms. Every two 
tloors constitute a house and each 
house has a limited kitchen facility 

WANTED 

~ 
FOR LA JOLLA'S 

MOST EXCITING 
RESTUARANT 

SU CASA 

EVENINGS FRI. SAT. SUN. 
459-82977 

height. From a planning viewpoint 
this was necessary to preserve WE HAVE 
space on Muir for future develope- THAT HELPING PLAN 
ment. WHERE YOU 

Long-range land use is receiv- CAN EXCHANGE 
ing special emphasis as UCSD A SMALL AMOUNT OF TIME 
hopes to grow into a university FOR A 
with twelve colleges and some LARGE AMOUNT OF MONEY 
29,000 students. The next phase 
d resident construction, step two, 
invoives the planning for student 
apartments tentatively scheduled 

CALL NOW 
277 - 9375 for compietion in the fall of 1971. .. __________ .. 

Come~·by 
First first. 

And find out what Service really means. 
Just keep a minimum 'Of $100 in your check· 
ing account (personal or business) and write 
all your checks free. 

SOUTHERN CALIFORN'" 

f FIR ... NATIONAL BANK 

Member F.O.I.C. 

WALTER G. ROBERTSON, Branch Manager 
La Jolla Shores Br, 2256 Avenida de la Playa, La Jolla 

Beginning this quarter, the uni-
versity is even opening a limited 
number of its regular day cour-
ses to Extension students for Ex-
tension credit. For most Ex-
tension instruction the parti-
cipants pay a fee of between $60 
(to r a four-unit 'heavy') down to 
$8 (for a single, non-credit lun-
cheon-lecture). 

For regular UCSD students, 
however, it is possible to take 
one extension course tor credit 
'without paying a fee of any kind. 

The most surprising thing con-
cerning the Extension Program 
though, is the side range of su\). 
ject material offered. Cour-
ses range from the staple art-
music-history-language groups 
to urban ills, industrial relations, 
anthropological psycbology, sex 
education, oceanography, space 
SCience, alcoholism, and French 
cuisine. 

Three courses in particu· 
lar have arroused much heated 
interest: "The Establisbment", 
"The Instruments of Jazz", and 
• 'The Draft: The Institution, The 
Regulations, and The Al-
ternatives". Sociology X 415 
deals with the actual identifica-
tion and breakdown of that ne-
bulous cliche, "The Esta-
blishment". In 10 weekly lec-
tures it analyses the contempor-
ary mass-institution as a whole, 
and then breaks it down into the 

component parts. The military 
establishment, and those of po-
litics, labor, religion, corpora-
tions, universites, the mass-
media, and that of San Diego it-
self are all taken in turn, with 
the course culminating in a lec-
ture entitled "Shaking Up the 
Establishment. 

Notably, all of the lectures will 
feature speakers who by the na-
ture of their positions are em-
inently well qualified to discourse 
on their particular "establish-
ment. 

"The Instruments of Jazz" 
(Music X413) incorporates a new 
approach to the study of this 
musical form, with the empha-
sis placed on the instruments 
themselves and especially the 
people who play them. 

Moreover, the instructor (Mr. 
Bertram Turetzky, assistant pro-
fessor of music at UCSD) has 
taken the cour se out of the lis-
tening room and into the atmos-
phere where the music is actually 
played; "a dimly-lit, slightly 
smokey night club setting". 

"The Draft" (Sociology X416) 
deals with the institution of con-
scription in the U.S. , with op-
posing views presented and al-
ternatives discussed by members 
of the military and anticonscrip-
tion organizations. This course 
has become so popular that it 
will soon be inciuded in the re-
gular UCSD curriculum. 

THE NEW Jazz - Rock - Folk - D\LAN 

BEATLES 

ALBUM IS 

- Soun(ltrack - Classical nderground 
Country - Pop _ Blues 2 Record Alb. 

Stereo Tapes "GREAT WHITE 
AT SOUNDSVU ... LE you name it - we have it ! WO DER " $ 6.49 
OTHER SOUNDSVILLE LOCATIONS: COLLEGE EL CAJO BLVD 

277 N. MAGNOLIA - CITY OF EL CAJO 

triton times-~rid~v, october 3-oage 3 



Political Move -
Pure and Simple 

If there Is some question as to Miss Davis' teaching abilities, 
we have DOt hear d menUon of It, nor have the Regents cited it in 
tile ir actions. 

It appears, tllen, that the Regents' action is a blatant political 
move, ooe tlBt becomes hypocritical, when measured against state-
ments made by them in the past. 

Gov. Reagan, during the Marcuse controversy, stated that he could 
not fault Marcuse as a professor, thereby implying that it is pos-
sible for a Marxist to be a competent teacher. 

Furtllermore, a standing order of the Regents, passed last AprU 
states as follows: "No political tests shall ever be considered in tile 
appointment or promotion of any faculty member or employee." 

The Regents circumvent this ruling by claiming that the Commun-
ist Party is not apoliticalparty,butis instead a criminal party. They 
a1s0 refer to a 1940 ruling of the Board that no Communists would 
be hired by the University, citing the fact that the Academic Council 
(i.e. the chairmen of the nine Academic Senate divisions) backed 
this ruling up. 

However, the Academic Council' just rescinded this ruling, Fur-
thermore, we know of no state or federal law that makes Communist 
Party membership a crime. 

The action by the Board of Regents at their September meeting, 
whereby they set in motion the machinery for firing Angela Davis, 
newly appointed professor of philosophy at UCLA, was the culmin-
ation of the escalation of Regental political interference in the aca-
demic affairs of the University. 

It was only a year ago that this interference began to increase 
with the Regents ' veto of Social Analysis l39X, which was to feature 
Eldridge Cleaver as a guest lecturer. Since that time the Regents 
have come close to, but stopped short of firing several contro-
versial figures appointed to fUll-time positions through the regular 
University channels. In the case of Angela Davis, however, the 
Regents' continuing policy of polical intervention has reached a 
predictable result. 

It is, first of all, undeniable that factor s other than teaching 
ability are being considered in the Davis case. All sources have 
testified to the competence, and in fact the brilliance, of Miss Davis' 
credentials. 

Devoid of all its flimsy justifications the Regents ' move becomes 
a political one, pure and simple. Angela Davis' world view and life 
style might be far different from what individual Regents think is 
acceptable. If they are successful in using such grounds to judge 
University personnel, however, the University will stagnate within 
the political boundaries set by the UC Board of Regents. 

ItritOIl. tiInes 
The TRITON TIMES is officially recognized and SURX>rted 
as a student newspaper by the Communications Board of 
the University of California, San Diego, Building 250 ' Mat-
thews Campus, La Jolla, California 92037. In taking edltortal 
positions, the TRITON TIMES is not representing the views 
of the University, the student government, or the student 
body as a whole. Official TRITON TIMES editorial opinion 
is expressed only in those columns on the editorial page 
specifically deSignated for those purposes. The TRITON 
TIMES publishes weekly on Fridays through December 2, 
1969. Address all correspondence to: TRITON TIMES, 
P.O. Box 109, La Jolla 92037. Phone 453-2000, XI017. 

MANAGING EDITOR 
Ray Seavers 

COPY EDITOR 
Haywood Gammon 

ARTS EDITOR 
Bill Alaoglu 

EDITOIl-IN- CHIEF 
Steve Landau 

NEWS EDITOR 
Clay Anderson 

FEATURE EDITOR 
Tom Baker 

SPORTS EDITOR 
Bob Gorby 

ADVERTISING MAN <\.GER 
Dave Helland 

CONTRmUTllW fliITOR 
Roger Showley 

EDUCATION WRITER WRITING STAFF ARTS WRITERS 
Tom Shepard Paul Emus Dana Rufolo 

Jim Magill Larry Johnson 
SCIENCE WRITER Sue Halfon Paul Hamburg 
steve Stryker Bob Schwartz 

Rich Heimlich ARTISTS 
RESEARCH DIRECTOR Mindy Scott Jim Dyke 
Joel Good man Scheffie Worboys 
AD SALESMAN PHOTOGRAPHERS Rob Cohen 
Chela Wakefield Russ Cuhel 

Ted Velasquez 

Russ Dickerson Bruce Van Brocklln Barbara Janeway 

trit~~ time~-fr;1ay, octo er 3-paoe 4 

Quite lightl, 
Is Operation Intercept Legitinate 'I I."", Ericson 

Currently a great controversy is raging over by their goods legitimately through their own 
the method the government is using to stop the labor, that is, they buy the goods or produce 
smuggling of drugs into the country. Unfortuna- themselves. They are blameless. The second 
tely, the disagreements concern only the methods type are those who have stolen their goods and 
to be used to stop the smuggling. The proper hence need to transport them furtively, such, as 
question to ask is; should the smuggling be stopped? some diamond smugglers. The second class should 

First of all, who or what are smugglers? Why not be condemned for smuggling, though, but for 
they're entrepreneurs, similar to the ideal pre- theft. 
sented to you in high school civics. After all, Adam Smith in the "Wealth of Nations" had 
what is it that smugglers do? Their activities more to say about the smuggler, "a person who, 
can be divided into two parts. though no doubt highly blameable for violating 

In one case they provide you, the consumer, the laws of his country, is frequently incapable 
with goods at less cost than otherwise available. . 
This occurs when a government has extremely of violating those of natural justice. Consequently 
high duties on certain goods. he would have been, in every respect, an ex-

In the second case, they provide goods that cellent Citizen, had ntJt the laws of his country 
one couldn't otherwise obtain. That is, when made that a crime which nature never meant 
the government prohibits consumption of certain to ' be so." Smith further stated that ..... when 
goods. the severity of the revenue laws is ready to (all 

The former case was prevelant in B i ain during upon him, he is frequently disposed to defend 
the 17th and 18th centuries. Coffee, tea, tobacco, with violence, what he has been accustomed to 
and wool were widely smuggled because of high regard as his just property. From being at 
duties. British authorities, however, were flexible first, perhaps, rather imprudent than criminal, 
enough to change a ruinous pollcy as recorded he at last too often becomes one of the hardiest 
by Arthur Cross in "Eighteenth Century and most determined violaters of the laws of 
Documents ...... "Furthermore, acting on theprin- SOCiety. By the ruin of smugglers, his capital, 
ciple of Adam Smith, and other sane thinkers, which had before been employed in maintaining 
that such widespread evasions indicated that the productive labollr, is absorbed either in the re-
duties were excessive, the young Prime Minister venue of the state or in that of the revenue officer, 
proceeded to reduce and simplify them ... .' The to the dimunition of the general capital of the 
present situation is an example of the latter. society, and of the useful industry which it might 
Apparently our authorities aren't so flexible. otherwise have maintained," 

Smuggling has not been confined to Britain. In the events cited by Smith, the smuggler has 
Our forefathers were deeply involved in it. TraUl committed no moral wrong, but he has become 
in a section about the American Colonies in a criminal because society invented a crime. 
"Social England" stated that "above all, a vast When he turns to violence as the authorities 
illicit trade with the French West Indies had act against him, he is only acting in self defense, 
grown up unchecked. Smuggling was universal which is his moral right. The conclusion that 
and almost recognized." Smuggling hasn't always the preceeding leads us to is that there should 
been looked down upon in America. be no such crime as smuggling, and that no 

One distinction must be made, however, about government has the right to restrict, regulate or 
types of smugglers. There are those who come prohibit free trade. 

...----...... ~-.. 
.allposter Credits 

Last week's Triton Times wall-
poster was compiled and pub-
lished only through the efforts 
of numerous individuals. We 
would like to thank especially Tom 
Hull, Revelle College Dean; Alan 
Batchelder, Muir College Dean, 
and George Murphy, Vice Chance-
llor and Dean of Student Affairs. 

We wOllld like to both thank 
and apologize to Herman John-
son, Vice Chancellor of Business 
and Finance. He provided the 
up-ta-date administrative chart 
for the Triton Times, but through 
our mistake was not included on 
the wallposter. We deeply re-
gret this and would like to make 

the poster complete by asking you 
to add his name to the barrel 
immediately connected to the 
Chancellor's shower in the upper 
left-hand section of the poster. 

This chart was undertaken he-
cause we felt that such an en-
deavor was long overdue. Fact-
ually it may be lacking in parts. 
However, it is probably true that 
there is more information on the 
chart than anyone individual on 
campus personally knows. We 
hope that the chart will be of 
benefit to all members of the 
UCSD community. 

Steve Landau 
Editor-in-Chief 

(.,.s Metlia 
.. presel' 
(HAlICfUOI'S 

fOIU. 
PLACE: SOUTH DINING HALL 
on the Revelle Campus 
TIME: Monday Noon 
THIS WEEK'S TOPIC OF 
DISCUSSION: 
Angela Davis 
A bi-monthly informal press 
conference presented by ...... 

1111011 rIMfS 
ISDr 

, . ".' , 

Dr..,,,, 
We would like to invite all 

UCSD students who have an ac-
tive interest in the draft (that 
is, draft age males and others 
who are involved with draft age 
males) to attend a new course 
on the subject of the Selective 
Service as an insUtutlon. 

The course started out as a 
part of University Extension but 
has received almost exclusive 
support from UCSD students. It 
has now been arranged so that 
credit is available and there is 
no charge. 

The list of speakers includes 
General Lewis Hershey's chief 
assistant, a panel of military 
recruiters, a representative of 
American Friends Service Com-
mittee, and the Director of tile 
UCLA CounselIng Center. 

The course is being directed 
by Lance Beizer, state-wide UC 
coordinator for ~lective Service 
Affairs. 

The class meets on Mondays 
at 7 pm in HL 1205, and you 
can register at that time. 

Sincerely, 
steve Clark, Don Bright, Jon Col-
lins, Tom Shepard, Dave steams 

I · 

International Student Center ~- __ Reality 
by Sue ~a 1 fan 

IT Staff Writer 

The cQDCept of tbe long-time coming 
International Center at UCSD is finally 
beclDnlog to be reaUzed. What is the 
purpose of an International Center and 
"lat will tile concept be Uke? 

The purpose is to provide a center 
for students and scholars from all coun-
tries woo are affiliated with UCSD, and 
for tbis interuatlooally minded commun-
ity. In other words, it is a place ' 
foreign scholars can call their own, to 
go to when seeking advice, entertain-
ment, temporary lodging, and friendship. 

Belog a foreign student myself, I 
cannot overemphasize the importance of 
tbis, especially when you get here and 
don't know the language too well, 
the area, the people, and the customs. 

One foreign student I talked to feels 
that "an International Center is impor-

.tant because we need some place to get 
together. I really don't tll.ink enough 
of the American students seem to care 
much abott us, or are interested to go 
out and meet us. I really don't think 
they realize what it is like to be in a 
foreign country and not to have close 
contact with the 'natives'," 

other foreilOl students I talked t9 

Bu.nke.r 
Hil' «Odd 

seem to agree - that the Center will be 
a great opportunity to Ret acquainted 
with American stUdents. 

At present, there are more than 500 
foreign scholars in this area studying at 
UCSD or associated with the Salk Insti-
tute, University Hospital, Scripps Clinic, 
and other research programs. ' 

The International Center will be a 
cluster of buildings blending into the 
Eucalyptus grove northeast of the foot-
bridge over Gilman Drive. Veterans of 
UCSD will recognize the area as the 
former archery range site, which 
involves roughly 2.3 acres. The 
International Center is proposed as tbe 
first step of the Cluster I student Union 
complex. It will be an integrated but 
autonomous entity within the Union com-
plex. 

Considerable effort, over a seeming-
ly endless time, has been made by com-
munity and student committees to estab-
lish programs and space needs of tbe 
International Center. This has resulted 
in the following plans: 

1. Kitchen facilities for sizable par-
ties, but also facilities on a smaller 
scale where two new friends can share 
recipies from their countries. 

2. An all-purpose room (lounge) with 
a relaxed, informal atmosphere which can 
be used for meals, meetings, dancing, 

,o~ 
• Mo N. ~ ,.~U~. ~ 

SAt. q· io FRI't-" 

seminars, etc. 
3. An area for the International Nur-
sery Co-operative to meet the needs of 
youngsters with varied backgrounds and 
languages. 

4. A coffee garden with tables group-
ed under the trees. 

5. A library with books and maga-
zines from allover the worid to be en-
Joyed in comfort before a large fire-
place. 

6. A craft room where people can 
learn and share arts and skilis. 

7. A bunk house for touring students, 
and cottages for short-termed housing. 

In addition, a program that is pres-
ently in operation will continue under the 
auspices of the International Center. This 
is the American-English-in-Action pro-
gram, where students and interested mem-
bers of tile community volunteer to teach 
English to the wives and family of tor-
eign scholars. 

Here is what a foreign student wrote 
back: "The volunteer program American 
English-in-Action was so valuable to me 
while I was there. I am beginning a 
Japanese-in-Action here in Tokyo." 

There will be a furniture bank do-
nated by the community where foreign 
scholars just getting settled can pick up 
needed furniture. 

A host family program will continue 
its operation. This involves meeting the 
students when they get off the plane (or 
however they get here), help them to get 
oriented in town, be a friend, and, when-
ever possible, take them around to the 
different points of interest. 

The International Center is a project 
that has involved both the community and 
UCSD. These have been brought to-
gether in a group, The International Cen-
ter of La Jolla, Inc., with a board of 
directors. Chairman Solon Palmer, and 
an advisory board. 

How was this idea born and what 
were the forces that shaped this con-
cept? The concept grew out of discus-
sions held early in 1965, when the 
Zonta Club, a world-wide organization 
ot La Jolla businesswomen, rented a 
little house on Eads Avenue to be used 
by foreign scholars for parties, meet-
ings, as a nursery, and as a place for 
families to stay while looking for hous-
ing. The Zonta ladies mowed the lawn 
made the beds, cleaned and made the 
payments on the house. Thus, the 
prime impetus came from the Commu-
nity. 

After a while, it was obvious that the 
little house on Eads was not sufficient 
and it was felt that the thing to do was 
to establish a center right in the Uni-
versity. That is when they started col-
lecting money and asking for donations. 
General Rodriguez of Mexico was the 
first among the many donors. Negotia-
tions began and the University granted 
a site for the center. 

Thanks to the devotion of Mrs. Walter 
Munk, Mrs. Solon Palmer, the Board 
members , and interested people in the 
University and community, the center now 
has $30,000 dollars. 

The ground has been broken. The In-
ternational Center has turned over 
12,000 over to the University for the 

initial plan. It is now in the hands of 
the architect, Lloyd Ruocco. As soon 
as the preliminary drawings are done and 
approved, the Center will turn the money 
over to the University, who will arrange 
the building mechanics. 

Through the International Center, our 
foreign visitors will have the opportunity 
to learn about American life, and our 
students to broaden their horizons 
through friendship with people of many 

The cost of financing the first build-
ings has alr.;ady been met, but the 
cost of operatin~ the Centp.r must be met 
by continued support from the community. 

What can you do to ht..!p the Center? 
There is a need for bast:;, driver s , and 
volunteers for the America 1 English- in-
Actien program. You can uffer to enter-
tain visitors and tb ir ra mi IiA f r 
special holidays or day outings. Think 
what you would like to do and then call 
Mrs. Ruth Fagpr ten at 453-2000, exten-
Sion 1936. 

The Center will be our parI towards 
a better understanding and cooperation be-
tweE'n the future le.ld rs of th II' arid . 

r;to~ '~es-frica octo~er 3-"'ane ') 



Regents 
Hiring 
Davis 
Marcuse 
Krisman 
Lee 
A HISTORY 
by Tom Baker 

TT Feature Editor 

( Editor's Note: In light of the 
recent firing of Miss Angela Da-
vis, newly appointed professor of 
philosophy at UCLA, TT Feature 
Editor Tom Baker has done some 
research into the history of sim-
ilar controversial matters. The 
following article details and an-
alyzes some of the pastactlonsof 
the UC Board of Regents, and re-
lates them to the present case. ) 

The recent firing of Angela 
Davis by the Board of Regents 
due to her membership in the 
Communist Party is the latest 
of a recent series of controversies 
surrounding the University's hiring 
pollcy. 

Within the last year, serious 
questions have arisen over the 
appointment of Dr. PhilJp Lee as 
Chancellor of the UC San Francisco 
Medical School, the renewal of 
Professor Herbert Marcuse's con-
tract, and the hiring of Mike 
Krisman as Assistant Dean of 
Student Affairs at UC Irvine. 

Since the tumultous UC loyalty 
oath fight of the early 1950's, 
the hiring of faculty and staff mem-
bers of the University had gone 
smoothly until last year. Though 
the hiring authority was vested in 
the Board of Regents except for 
a brief period in 1968-69, the real 
decisions were made by the chan-
cellors and department chairmen 
of the various campuses. The 
Regents generally went along with 
the judgment of these campus auth-
orities. 

This process worked well enough 
to eventually allow the Board to 
formally grant the hiring autoority 
to the chancellors. This condition 
was short-lived however, for when 
the Sand Diego campus announced 
its intention to rehire Herbert 
Marcuse last February, the publlc 
outcry was great and sustained. 

The American Legion and other 
civic groups launched a bitter 
public crusade against not only 
Marcuse, but Chancellor William 
McGill as well. '!'hey cried that 
the Regents had abdicated their 

~E'L:STEE~~ YOLJ To A 
L~~~HE~ BUY-oUT! 
\HEy'RE HIDE'ING IN l1\E 

OCR ROOM FBI.~SAT. 

triton ti~es-friday, october 3-na~! 6 

public respons ibility in allowing stalled the move. 
McGill to make the decision. Reynolds, owner of the Call-

Politicians swiftly entered the fornia Angels tasetall team, is 
controversy. Asserting that McGUl a powerful figure in Orange COUD-
was deliberately siding with re- ty, where UC Irvine is located. 
volutionaries, Assemblyman John Reynolds is considered a Con- ' 
Stull was allowed to testify before servative, but supported both 
the Board of Regents in a closed Marcuse and Krisman. 
door session. The Governor of Following the Marcuse contro-
California also becaml' involved versy, one chancellor descr ibed 
in the attempt to dismiss Marcuse. Reynolds as "a real 'sleeper,' 

Although McGill eventually won who in time may learn a great 
this fight, his victory prompted deal aboutthe needs and the nature 
the Regents to take back their hiring of the University." 
authority. However, in a move de- , It appears nonetheless that Rey-
signed to placate the state's lib- ; nolds strong defense of Krisman: 
erals, the Regents simultaneously. must be considered something of, 
affirmed that no pol1ticaltest wouldl a fluke. Nine times out of ten thel 
ever be used in the appointment Board would have fired someone 
or promotion of any faculty member like him. 
or employee. At this point, the Regents had 

Shortly thereafter, another fight not blocked the appointment of 
erupted over the appointment of Dr. either Marcuse, Lee, or Krisman. 
Philip Lee as Chancellor of the Though the fights over these in-
UC San Francisco Medical School. dividuals had been intense, all 
Lee is a prominent Bay area phy- had been retained by narrow ma-
sician known for his outspoken rgins. However, on the same day 
support of increased medical wel- that the Board allowed Krisman's 
fare programs. appointment to stand, Angela 

order Professor Davis reinstat-
ed. 

Certain questions arise, how-
ever. Though neither Supreme 
Court ruling dealt directly with 
the California Board of Regents, 
there can be no doubt that the 
Regents were fully aware of the 
results of those cases. The ques-
tion is then why the Regents acted 
as they did, knowing full well the 
law of the land. 

Of course, many Regents, in-
cluding Gov. Reagan, do not con-
sider the Communist Party to be 
a legitimate political party, but 
rather as a criminal organization 
engaged in espionage and terror-
ism. Thus, these Regents do not 
extend the usual rights of poli-
tical organizations to the Party. 

In a manner accurately fore- Davis was fired by an overwhel-
, shadowing the controversy over the lming margin. 

However, as the Supreme Court 
has recognized, that argument is 
fallacious as well as inaccurate. 
As Prof. John Searle, chairman 
of UC Berkeley's Academic Free-
dom Committee said, "If all Com-
munlsts are in fact criminal con-
spirators, then you don't need 
rules such as the Regentalstand-
ing order because you can estab-
lish criminal conspiracy and fire 
the person on those grounds. " 

appointment of Dr. John Knowles Angela Davis was hired last 
as Undersecretary of the Depart- June by the UCLA Philosophy De-
ment of Health, Education and Wel- partment. She bas impeccable 
fare, local medical organizations qualifications in her field of Ger-
Dublicly opposed his appointment. man Idealism. She has studied 

NEWS ANALYSIS 

Further, as has been mentioned, 
in June 1969 the Board issued a 
standing order which read in part, 
"No political tests will ever be 
considered in the appointment or 
promotion of any faculty mem-
ber or employee." And yet it is 
obvious that a political test was 
used as the grounds for Miss Da-

Reliable sources have disclosed under Herbert Marcuse and at vis' firing. 
that the closed door meeting of the Goethe Institute in Germany. In his letter to her, UC Pres-
the Board was at a standoff, lZ A former teaching assistant at ident Charles Hitch specifically 
votes for Lee and lZ against, when UCSD, she was considered an ex- cited her membership in the Com-
Assemblv Sneaker Robert Monal1'aJl cellent teacher. munist Party as the reason for 
cast a deciding vot In Lee's favor. Howevnr. ~he is a member of her dismissal, a fact which re-
ThUS, by the narrowest of margins, the Communist Party. In a letter portedly is causing friction be-
the Regents again declined to in- to UCLA Chancellor Charles tween Hitch and several conser-
tervene in this decision. Young, she acknowledged that she vatlve Regents. 

Last summer, Chancellor Al- ' has been a member of the Com- Assuming thatthe Regents were 
drich of the Irvine campus hired munist Party for about a year and aware of both the law and their own 
Mike Krisman as Assistant Dean a half. standing order, we must assume 
of Student Affairs. Krisman was A Regental Standing Order pas- that other reasons were behind 
an active organizer of many campus sed in 1940 prohibits the hiring her dismissal besides her Com-
activities and was very popular of any person who is a member munist Party membership. An-
among the members of the student of the Communist Party. Osten- ' gela Davis has charged that rac-
body. sibly acting on this rule, the Re- ism was the real motivatingforce. 

Aldrich felt that Krisman's gents fired her by a vote of 18 More likely, moderates and lib-
knowledge of the various student to 6. erals who supplied the margin for 
activities at Irvine as well as his The "Davis case" is not yef her to be fired simply felt they 
personal qualities made him well over however. She has vowed had no choice. This viewpoint was 
suited for the job. However,among to fight the Regent's action In the expressed by one Regent who said, 
his various acitivities on the Ir- courts if necessary. It seems "We just couldn't stand the heat 
vine campus was his membership clear that all recent legal pre- of being called 'soft on commun-
in Students for a Democratic So- cedents are in her favor. The ism.' I hope she gets a quick de-
ciety (SOS). SupremeJ Court has twice ruled cision and we get slapped dOwn." 

When this fact was made pu- that hiring codes may not con- This statement is an accur-
bUc, the American Legion again tain clauses restricting political ate reflection of the political cli-
appealed to the Governor and the activity. mate in California" where all uni 
Regents to prevent his hiring. In Keyshan vs. the New York versities and colleges are the tar-
This case was considered by the State Board of Regents in 1967, gets of a withering attack by a 
Board in their September meet- the Board Court ruled that Com- growing right wing. 
ing. Most informed persons felt munist Party membership cannot Angela Davis was fired ultim-
that Krisman would be fired. How- be used to disqualify a person ately because enough moderates 
ever, the Board surprisingly re- from teaching in a state univer- and liberals felt the University 
fused to intercede in the decision. sUy. Then, in 1968, in Vogel ' could not stand up once again to 

The Los Angeles Times re-
ported that Krisman's firing was 
imminent, but that a surprising 
and forceful defense of both Kri-
sman and Chancellor Aldrich by 
Regent Robert O. Reynolds fore-

vs. the County of Los Angeles, a rightist witch-hunting episode. 
the court invalidated that section Though many Regents hope she 
of the California state ConsUtu- wlll be reinstated, they feel that 
tion requiring all public employ- only the courts are sufficiently 
ees to sign a loyalty oath. strong to withstand the public a-

On the basis of these rulings, buse which is sure to follow such 
it appears that the courts will action. 

******************************* ~ . 
..................... -.e ~ .vwv ••• r •• I(1 •••• ,r.A AI 

i11la Alnllu 'i : e()1tee~7 ' : 

... 

Gerald Wilson 
and 

-to: 
-to: 

'. • ~ 
• 
• 
• Lorez Alelan"eria : 

GENERAL ADMISSION 
S Z.OO In Advance $ 3.00 At the Door 

.-

~ 
-to: 
-to: 
~ 
-to: 
-to: 
... 

• 
... 

... 

... 

-to: 
... 

... 

: WITH THIS COUPON $ 1.50 At the Door ! : 
*******************.*********** 

i ~llnrtli i 
! . • urut! 
I I 
• • 

! ZZ59 
I 

Avenida DE LA PLAYA! 

I 
• 

Phone 459 - 3465 
• 

I i 'Groceries, I • I 
• • Pr,".ce, I I 

• • I 
• I i I.ats, . 

iWi •• & .B.eri 
'--_.-._._. ___ 1 

- - ' 

, 

Smog topper· 
, II S , E • by Steve Stryker e ea. I".e I.TT Sc i enc~ Writer 

Last Fr iday, in the basemert of the Undergraduate Science Build-
ing, UCSO's own steam engine was revealed to the publlc. 

The engine was built because at present, there is no effective 
means of preventing automobile -exhaust from polluting our air. 
In fact, the smog-control device on car engines is less effective 
this year in reducing air contaminants than two years ago because 
of the increase in road traffic. 

One alternative to the said internal-combustion engine would 
be an auto run by electricity. However, electric cars do not have 
sufficient power or "stamina' for average driving requirements. 
Thus, a group of 10 UCSO students and professors decided the only 
viable alternative to the auto pollution problem is the steam car. 

The project start~ in March this year when Dr. stanley MUler, 
professor of chemIstry, and Dr. Rod Burton, assistant professor 
of engineering physics in the AMES department began discussions. 
A grant of $3000 was given by the Academic Senate Research 
Committee as well as the free use of shop facilities being provided 
by the USB undergraduate machipe shop. 

Ray Salemme, a UCSD graduate student in chemistry worked 
closely with Dr.s Miller and Burton in designing the e~gine. It 
is his opinion that the boiler and control systems will, hopefully, 
be completed by April of 1970. At that time the "power plant" 
with its associated transmission, boiler, control system and auxi-
liaries will be installed in the chassis of a U.S.-built compact 
car. 

It is hoped that the chassis will be IDnated by a U.S. manufact-
urer to the project, Arrangements for the car body are now being 
negotiated. If the above plans are accomplished the steam car 
will be ready for road tests starting possibly in April of 1970. 

The steam engine is a modified 74 inch Harley-Davidson motor-
cycle engine. The engine is designed to deliver. 100 horsepower 
at 3500 rpm. steam, after leaving the engine, will be regenera-
tively condensed in an aluminum condenser simUar to that used 
in automotive air-conditioning units. The auxiliaries though such 
as lights, condenser f.an and boiler ignition will be elect;icaUy 
driven. 

This steam engine should produce a factor of 10 to 100 times 
less nitrogen oxides and hydrocarbons (the two primary constituents 
of smog) than its complement, the internal-combustion engine. 

ThUS, the steam car appears to be a plausible alternative to 
the common mode of U.S. road transportion emmonating from 
Detroit. 

Drs. Miller and Burton optimistically stated the future practi-
cal use of the steam car in a statement they presented to the 
Assembly Transportation Committee, Califor nia Legislature in July 
31: "We do not imply that there are no further pr oblems to be 
overcome in the development .of an ecomonically feasible steam 
automobile. We are convinced that these pr oblems can be over-
come with the current level of technology and the resources of 
the automotive manufacturers." 

un MUCH letllte Of lAX DlEW. 
()I(LT COMPLETE CUlDE 

SAN DIEGO GUIDE 
AV.lIl.AIU AT TNI V1ftVIUl8TT BOC*ITOIE 

AWAKE! 
r. W.'* •• , 

Monday thru Thursday 
mornings 8:00-10:00 a.m. 
MC RECREATION CENTER 

OM MANI PADME HUM! 

I 
~ 
, 

! 

M~ ' " & W~ · 
Pl ' . ef1~.·~ M ~~Wl~ "I, , ~ 

~~ . raw ~~!3!3:Z~~!3~ .~ 

This could be the sweetest deal in town ! To In troduce you to 
Wi! Wright's menu of sandwiches, hamburgers, hotdogs, salads, soups 

and scrumptious ice cream treats, you'll get 
V3 Off Anything on the Menu 

Just show some student I. D. Everything may be packed for TAKE OUT. 
Offer good entire month of October. 

WilIAYt~ it~hNvenIy 
~643-B Girard Avenue, La Jolla, Phone: 459-6467 



tiIDes S.D. Symphony Offers Discount 
A ItTI Outstanding discounts, including half-price on in all four series offered during the 1969-70 • season tickets, are available to all students for season--12 Thursday night cOllcerts, 12 Friday I::!~~ ..... ..!I."!!.=!!~!"~!;!!!!:...!_!~_J the 1969-70 winter season of the San Diego Sym- night concerts and two series of alternate Friday 

Midsummer Nisrhts 
by larry Johnson, Staff Writer 

For those or us who spent all or part of U1e summer w San DleSO, 
it wasn't a bad time. The water was fabulous, the days were long, 
and even lf one beld a job, there was plenty 01 joy to be bad. 

Not the least or the attractions were to be found at the theater. 
Highlighting the summer were the Shakespeare Festival and the 
biennial appearance of Britain's Royal Ballet Company. Even 
if one had to give one's right arm for admission to the latter, 
it would have been worth it. 

In "Swan Lake", Rudolt Nureyev and Margot Fonteyn, with a 
more than able corps de ballet, created a moment that will last 
forever. There was more beauty than the eye could take in or the 
heart endure. It is very likely that that was the last chance to 
see Dame Margot, and I would have wanted to remember her with 
Nureyev in "Swan Lake." 

The Globe season was generally successful. "Julius Caesar" 
was competently done and well worth seeing, but the superlatives 
should be reserved tor " The Comedy ot Errors". Though it was 
hardly one of the best of the bard's efforts, Director O'Brien's 
production had a comic vigor which lett us rolling in the aisles. 

The play was presented in the !ormofa group of actors rehearsing 
the play, and this approach allowed for zany comic byplay, even 
at points where Shakespeare ' s inspiration was lacking, which was 
fairly otten. Marvelous! 

In the ease of " Macbeth" , Uberties were less successfully taken. 
While there were some good conceptions, many changes seemed 
arbitrary and even detrimental. For example, Macbeth just caved 
in at the end, while, at least in my conception, Macbeth must go down 
fighting. . _ 

After a dull September--why is it that September always seems 
to be dull at the theater, everywhere?--we have a good year ahead 
of us. The Globe, the Mission Playhouse and other houses , the 
opera , the symphony, all will be providing fine entertainment 
for us. I'll tr y to provide as insightful coverage as I can. Will 
you join me at the theater? 

"HAIR DEALS WITH WAR, 
SEX, DOPE, CIVIL RIGHTS, 
PATRIOTISM, AFFECTION, 
ESCAPISM, GENERATION 
GAPS, AND POP CULTURE." 

Marlin Bernheimer, LA Times Calendar 

TICKETS NOW AVAILABLE 6 WEEKS IN ADVANCE 
Tues day through Thursday at 8 30 ... $7.50 ... $6.50 .... $5.50 
Sunday at 3 ·00 and 730 .. . . $750 .... $650 .... $5 50 
F"dayat 8:30 ... ... . ... . . . . $8.50 .. $7 50 .. . . $6 50 
Saturday at 6·30 and 10 30 . . .. .. .. $8.50 ... $7 .50 .. . $6.50 

NO PERFOR MANCES MONDAY. BOX OFFICE OPEN 7 DAYS 461·3571 
STUDENT "HAIR CUTS" AVAILABLE AT THE AQUARIUS BOX OFFIC.E 
r-------------------- i 

AQ U AR IUS THEATRE . HA'fR J 

Please send_Tickets at $ Tolal $, __ _ 
1st Choice : Day Date Time _ _ 
2nd Choice : Day Date Time, __ _ 
Name' ____ ________ _ 
Address: ___________ _ 
City ________ State ___ _ 
Zip Code ____ Phone' _ ____ _ 

Enclose check or money order payable to Aqua rius Theatre, 
6230 Sunset Boulevard. Hollywood , California 90028. 

1 ___ ~~e!.n~~ • ...!.~a~~~!:o.:.."~~v!!.o.!!!:. __ ..J 
For Theatre Party Information - Call Andrea lynch 461·2881 

r iton ti mps- fri~a~ . ac ober 3 -n~qe R 

phony Orchestra which opens October 16 and 17. nights each with six concerts. For prices and 
The student program is being emphasized heavily dates see the Sympbony ad in this issue. 

this year in keeping witb the San Diego Symphony's Phillips said those studellts wIIo wish to attend 
new slogan, "Symphony, For Young and Old Alike," only the first six concerts 01 tI. season to lul-
said William J. Phillips, Symphony Manager. fm a music course requirement may do so 011 

For the 12 pairs of winter concerts scbeduled the half-price lards even tbouIb that comblDaUOII 
from October through May, Symphony Music Dtr- of concerts does DOt comprise a series. Stu-
ector and Conductor Zoltan Rozsnyal has pro- dents or music teachers are asked to call the 
grammed a variety of contemporary music as San Diego Symphony office, 232-3078 in such 
well as the more traditional symphonic reper- cases. 
toire. The procram Includes Jacob Gimpel, solOist, 

"The program is designed for all aps and . who will play the Concerto No. 5 in an all-Bee-
Includes everything from Beethoven to Bartok, tboven concert on October 30 IDd 31, featurtnc 
from Mozart to Frank Martin," Rozsnyal said. the Fifth Sympbony. On January 22 and 23, Chris-

The discount rates for students include half- tlan Ferro 1rill play Beethoven's Violin Concerto, 
price season tickets in all sections of the Civic and the orchestra will play the Second SymphOlly 
Theatre. A 30 percent discount is available on and the K1nr stephen Overture In the second all-
single tickets In all price categories. Beethoven program. 

The season ticket discount rate is available The series continue through May at the san Diego 

Book N otes fromnmBi;;~is~i Press 
A Political Life: the Education of 
J V L N H tot! political figure, and the comblDa-
. . ., by at en f • st' book 
The radical and tough-minded tion makes or a 'mu , 

Rentoff, who writes regularly for sure to provoke considerable con-
The New Yorker, The Vil- troversy as Lindsay makes his 
lage Voice, Evergreen Review, drive for re-election this Fall. 
The New Republic, and other per- The Trial 01 Dr. Spack 
iodicals , has just completed a by Jessica Milford 
political appraisal and biography A book of obvious interest to 
--but definitely not a campaign college students, particularly 
biography fluff job--of the man he those politically involved. Jes-
views as " the last Puritan in sica Milford, the author of " The 
American politics." ' American Way of Death" (agreat 

Rentoff is as a po- muckraker and best-seller when 
litical writer is a it was published six years ago), 

attended every session of the 
weeks-long Spack-Coffin draft 
conspiracy trial last summer in 
Boston, and her account is an 
incisive, pointed analysis of the 
case and the threat to individual 
political liberty It entailed. 

Just recently, an appeals court 
has overturned the convictions, 
and Miss Milford is writing--
exclusively for the College Press 
Service--a retrospective look at 
the case and its Implications for 
the future. 

Eldra Ma~Il.D 
aJ1t1"':/leJlfOst breatlttaldUfI!east 
/ortlteel/es siJ1('f;.;J~~~~mJ 

,jrtJm r/lt no •• f 'U- {jr1Jnd (J.{eaulnes - i!v U'lhti~ ·'Fournier 

:PINBARTS 
1818 GARNET STREET 274-4000 

)ulltp FORGOODOLDc,::; EROTIC JOY! MI~GHT! 
featuring: ( AN AN D ALUS IA N DoG ) 
UNCHIEN ANDALOU by l ui. Bunnd . nd S.lvador Dali 

HALLUCINATIONS and INTERPLAY 
both by I'cter W.". 

(.uthor of M."f ! S.d.) 
GEOGRAPHY OF THE BODY 

FUGS by Ed English 

ECLIPSE OF THE SUN VIRGIN 
by George Kuch .. 

....... P INEARTS 
1818 GARNET STREET 274·4000 

THE MEC HAN ICS (',,:: .... IWiI.'~,... 

ENDLESS VISTAS OF GIRLS, GIRLS,GIRLS! 
Formations photographed from above with 
bodies becoming wheels, kaleidescopes,opening 
flowers. giant American flags/portraits of F.O.R. .. 

Busby Berkeley's 
®®~00~®@~~§®~Q~~ & 
42nd Str,o ~ !t ~5~PvA'~'~ 

.' 

San Di.go 
Symphony 

I Orchestra 

For young 
and old -alike! 

.... 

. . 

.. 

.' . 
.... 

ORCHESTRA 
AND 

DRESS CI~CLl 

sun: 

MUUHIN[ 
AHO 

LOwtR LOGES 

~ 
lDW(1t ULCONY 

UPPER LOG B .ND 
BALC ONY 

M [1 

Discount 

ON SEASON TICKETS 
30 % DISCOUNT ON SINGLE TICKETS 

• 

I 
1969-70 WINTER SEASON. 

ZOLTAN ROZSNYAI 
MUSK DIRfOOR and CONDUCTOR 

Series A Series B Series C Serie. o See. (12 Thu .. , (' F riday) (6 Friday, (1 2 F rida y) Thursday Friday Friday Friday Series Series Series Series 
A $21 .50 '12.00 ' 12.00 $ 21.5 0 
B 19. 25 10 .7 5 10.7 5 19 .25 
C 11.75 9.25 9 .25 16. 75 
0 14.25 1 .00 8 .00 14 . 25 
~ a'im 1 2 3 4 

• Robert. ~ete,. Oct. 16 OC1 . 11 Oct. 11 E 10.75 6 .00 6 .00 10 . 75 
Jakob Gimpel OCI. lO Oct. 31 Oct: l 1 
Erno D.nlel Nov. 20 Nov . 21 Nov. 21 
Zin. Schiff ·Oec. 11 Oec. 12 Oec. 12 
OrchlStral JI".' Jan . 9 Jan . 9 
Christi.n F afro, J.n.22 Jln . 23 Jan.23 

S i"9la T icket Discount Price. 

Mi5hl Dichter Fe b. 5 Feb. 6 Feb. 6 Regular Pric. Dlseou", Rate 

. Michael Rabin Feb. 26 r eb. 21 r eb. 27 U . OO $3.50 
l eonard Penn a ria Mor. 19 Mar. 20 Mar. 20 4 .50 3 . 15 
Orchest ra l Aprrl9 ApniiO April 10 4 . 00 2 .10 
Orchestral AprlllO May 1 May I 3. 50 2.5 0 
Chorol May 21 May 22 Moy 22 3.00 2. 10 

12 Co ncerts 6 Concerts 6 Concerts 12 Conceru 2 .2 5 1. 75 

TICKET APPLICATION BLANKS 
AVAILABLE AT 

CENTRAL BOX OFFICE UREY HALL 
45UJ51 

triton times-f rirlav , ctob r 3-~ ~~ 9 



TRITON TIMES KIOSK PAGE ( 
Professors 'naugural Lecture Series 

"Is the Sea Floor Man's Domain?" will be' 
the topic of this Fallis ~irst lecture in the 
Professors' Inaugural L€cture Series to be 
held at 4:15 pm on Thursday, October 9, in 
the Humanities-Library Auditorium, Revelle 
College, UCSD. 

Dr. Victor C. Anderson, professor of ap-
plied electrophysics at UCSD and research 
physicist and associate director at the Ma-
rine Physical Laboratory of Scrtws Institu-
tion of Oceanography, will be the speaker. 

After receiving his M.A. degree from the 
University of Redlands in 1943, Dr. Ander-
son was employed by the University of Cali-
fornia on the Manhattan Project, first at Ber-
keley's Lawrence Radiation Laboratory, then 
at Oakridge, Tenn., andflnallyat Los Alamos, 
N.M. 

In 1946 he enrolled at UCLA as a graduate 
student in physics. One year later, he accep-
ted a position at the Marine Physical Labora-
tory, and his research there in the study of 

New Courses 
in Sociology 

The following three courses have been ad-
ded to the list of courses to be offered this 
fall: 

113 - Occupations and professions; anal-
ysis of the social organization of work in 
modern societies, the concept of career, 
the development of professionalization, occu-
pational sub-cultures, work, leisure, social 
relationships of work, groups in organiza-
tions, human relations in work situations, 
professional and occupational associations. 
Alexander Rysman 
MWF noon, 310 W, MC; prerequisites: one 
course in sociology. 

130 - Modernizing Societies and New Na-
tions - Analyzes the moving forces of moder-
nization, its goals and processes (urbaniza-
tion, industrialization, secularization, nation-
building, etc.). Several case studies are com-
pared. Particular attention is given to the 
inadequacy of the concept and theory of mo-
dernization to explain global social changes 
occuring in a variety of cultural settings. 
What value judgements underlie the use oHhe 
term? And what alternatives can supply an 
explanation of change processes? 
TU, TH, 10- 11:30 am, 310W, MC 

131 - Technology and Social Change -
This course is an inquiry into the nature and 
characteristics of technology. An effort is 
made to examine the diverse "moments" 
of ~echnology: innovation and discovery, dif-
fuslOn throughout classes or functional 
groups, transfer across cultural lines. The 
context within which technological changeoc-
curs in the world is examined with a view 
to discovering the degree of control diffe-
rent societies can exercise over social change 
processes which can be both causes and ef-
fects of technology itself. 
TU, TH, 2-3:30 pm, 309W, MC 

**Pre-requisites for 130 and 131: One cour se 
in sociology or another discipline related to 
development and social change. 

'nteraction Comm. 
DO YOU CARE ABOUT THE IMAGE OF 

THE UNIVERSITY? Do you think something 
should be done to give the community a bet-
ter opportunity to know UCSD and UCSD stu-
dents? If so, think abou' the AS Community 
Interaction Committee. 

This is not a public J'e lations committee, 
telling the community a )Qut everything that 
is good about UCSD. It :s designed to let the 
community know everyth .ng about UCSD. The 
committee cannot be suc'.:essful in this with-
out student participation, 

You can have a dire!t effect on UCSD's 
image by participating in in- home discus-
sions, on-campus descu! sions, and by speak-
ing to community groups 

For more information, see Jeanne Marque 
in 250 MC, ext. 1918. 

Students Wanted 

the deep scattering layer completed the re-
quirements for a Ph.D. degree, which he re-
ceived in 1953. 

He was granted a post-doctoral fellowship 
in 1954 to the Acoustics Research Laboratory, 
Harvard University, during which tiQle he 
worked on the development of a digital time ' 
compression technique for application to a-
coustic signal processing. 

Since returning to the Marine Physical La- , 
boratory in 1955, he has continued research 
in the general field of acoustic signa \ pro- , 
cessing and ocean engineering. He was ap-
pointed professor of electrophysics in 1968 
with a continuing parallel appointment in his 
position at the Laboratory. 

His contribution to his field is highlighted 
by more than 60 reports and papers he has 
authored, 120 presentations and six patents t 
as well as his participation on a number or 
Navy-sponsored intern laboratory advisory 
groups and steering committees. 

KSDT 
The student radio station, KSDT, will 

be entering its second year of operation by 
and for the students of UCSD. Being run 
and controlled entirely by student volunteers, 
KSDT has the freedom to present music 
and public affairs programming in a new 
and creative manner. 

We stress individual creativity for music 
as well as public affairs shows. In order 
to introduce a high degree of professiona-
lism into our non-music shows, student pro-
ducers are being sought for specifiC stu-
dent interest topics. Producers shall col-
lect, select and prepare program material 
in their field for broadcast. Possible pro-
duction topics are : opinion, foreign lan-
guage, final exam reviews, humor, faculty, 
SCience, sports, community, campus meet-
ings, news, sports, A.S., administration, Re-
gents, UC-wide events, police, drama, li-
terature, mUSiC, and the draft. 

Of course, DJs will be needed to do their 
own free-format music shows three hours 
a week. There are now openings for twenty-
lour hours a day worth of shows. FCC 
third class licenses will not be required 
this quarter. 

The operation of a radio station requires 
many volunteers in a large variety of po-
sitions. There will be a general meeting 
for all interested students in the obscure 
brown building between the Matthews campus 
dorms and the parking lot, MC 711, 
dorms and the parking lot, MC 711, at 7 pm 
on Sunday October 5. If you can not make 
this meeting leave your name and address 
and phone with Jeanne Marque in 250 MC. 

,,, eo SOp hical 
Program 

"Man, Space and the Universe--Aimless 
Matter? Or Divine Plan?" is the subject of 
the first of a serIes of Theosophical Town 
Hall programs to be held at the S.D. Wo-
man's Club, 2557 Third Avenue, starting Fri-
day, October 3 at 8 p.m. 

There will be speakers representing both 
views with audience partiCipation. 

The ~akers will be Emmett Small, wri-
ter, philosopher; J.R. Logan, research en-
gineer; and Gordan Plummer, scientist, au-
thor of .. From Atom to Cosmos." 

There will also be classes in Theosophy 
twice a month for those interested. For in-
formation call 284-2888. 

Lecture Series 
The Music Committee of the Jewish Com-

munity Center invites the public to attend 
the first of the San Diego Symphony Pre-
Concert Lecture Series. It will be held at the 
Jewish Community Center on October 7,1969 
at 8 p.m. 

Guest speakers will be Zoltan Rozsnyaiand 
Dr. Melvin Godzband. Maestro Rozsnyai is 
the Music Director and Conductor of the San 
Diego Symphony. Dr. Godzband is a psychia-
trist and the Vice President of the San Diego 
Symphony Association. 

Wanted: students interested in working at The discussion will be of the first concerts 
AS activities. Work is divided among usher- scheduled for October 16,17. Roberta Peters, 
ing, taking tickets and technical stage work. soprano, will be the soloist at this pair of 
Renumeration is dependent on the type of concerts. She will sing selections from Wag-
work performed. Please call 453 - 6865 or ner, Mozart, Rossini and Donizetti. 
453-2000 ext. 1918 for further information. Refreshments will be served. 
triton times-friday, october 3-oage 10 

foIl Mass 
"A very singable folk mass" is what is in 

store for those who attend University Lu-
theran Church in La Jolla this Sunday, accor-
ding to the Rev. John George Huber, Luthe-
ran Campus Pastor at UCSD. 

The contemporary llturgy with Holy Com-
munion is entitled, ~'Create In Me," and was 
written by Prof. Norman Habel of Concordia 
Seminary, st. Louis. Worship begins at 10 am, 
followed by sermon feedback. 

The homily continues the current study of 
the Book of Acts. Pastor Huber's message 
is, "Two approaches to the Religious Estab-
lishment." He will be assisted by Barry Pres-
cott, cantor; and Bev Llntvedt, guitarist. 

Blaci Art 
A variety of paintings and sculpture cre-

ated by black artists in San Diego is being 
exhibited at University Lutheran Church and 
student center, on the western edge of the 
UCSD campus in La Jolla. The Black Art 
Festival is open to the public daily from 9 
a.m. to 11 p.m. 

There is, an emphasis on the African mo-
tif, but the festival includes a number of 
other themes, all created by members of the 
Southeast Fine Arts Cultural Guild. Mr. Chuck 
Rucker is the president. 

The Rev. John G. Huber, campus pastor 
at University Church, explained that the goal 
of the exhibit was to "get inside the inner-
most feelings of our black brothers and to 
experience the cultural enricbment of black 
people." 

An opportunity to meet the artists per-
sonally will be given this &nday evening at 

Oct. 3 
Black studelts Council 

orientation meeting -
H. L. Auditorium fol-

lowed by soul dinner at 
lowed by sould dinner 
at coffee hut. 7-9' pm 
S. Film "The Longest 

Day" - USB 2722 -
Admission 50~. 7:30pm 

University International 
Association meeting -
informal lounge. 7-11 
pm. 

• 4 

Water Polo - Here - Cal 
state Fullerton 1 :30pm 

Oct. 6 
the church, beginning at 7 p.m. The culmina- . ~llln"nr", for aDemocratic 
tion of the week-long festival will also in- Society meeting. H.L. 
clude films dealing with race relations and a 1148 7 

. pm. 
display of African jewiry, clothing and arti-, 
facts presented by Mr. Leonard Jones of the 
House of Africa in Logan Heigbts. 

TRIDENT - 10 
Trldent/ 70, UCSD's AS Yearbook, is un-

dergoing an extensive sales campaign the 
first two weeks of this quarter, editor-
designate Roger Showley announced yester-
day at the first Communications Board meet-
ing. 

sales procedures have been finalized, 
Showley told the Board. Receipts are a-
vailable at the Bookstore, Coffee Hut, Re-
velle Sundries store, Winzer Snack Bar in 
the Med School, and the student Activities 
Office, building 250 MC. students can fill 
out the forms and pay the $5 fee at these 
locations. Trident/70 representatives will 
also be canvassing the campus dormitories 
SOliciting sales in the evenings, until Oct-
ober 15, when price goes up to $6.50 per 
copy. 

Students wno already have the official 
numbered receipts can return them to any 
of the five locations or hand them to the 
Trident representatives when they visit the 
dorms. The editor warned, however, that 
only staff members may make sales. In-
itialed receipts only will be valid in the fu-
ture. 

Those who have not recieved a refund 
from the defunct 1969 Trident can apply 
their payment of last year to the 1970 ed-
ition. If the Student Activities Office is 

. contacted before October 15, $1 will be 
refunded if $6 was paid originally. Par-
tial payments are also refundable, but can 
be added to in order to pay for Trident 
70. 

Organizationally, Trident/ 70 plans to 
employ a mimimum numberof regular staff 
members in order to reduce personality 
conflicts. Talent will be drawn from tbe 
Visual Arts department for artwork, and the 
Triton Times will be used for the events 
side of UCSD. 

staff positions include layout, art deSign, 
copy and proof readers, advertising staff 
(who recieve a 20% commision), correspon-
dents, and editorial positions, Altogether, 
it is anticipated thatl2 people will hold of-
ficial places on the yearbook. 

Any information concerning staff posi-
tions and sales can be obtained from the 
Activities Office in building 250 MC. A 
staff meeting today at 3 p.m. will be wel-
coming all new interested students and pro-
fessors who wish to work in some capa-
city on the Trident. 

Trident/70 staff members and all other 
interested students wishing to work on 
this year's campus yearbook should come 
to the AS conference room, student Ac-
tivities Office (Bldg. 50 MC) at 3 p. m. 
this afternoon. Positions on tbe staff 
will be assigned tentatively and organi-
zational structure will be discussed. 

Od.7 
UCSD Folkdancers - 312W 

7-10 pm 
Muir Outing Club Meeting 

USB 4030A .... 8 pm 

Oct. 8 
Extension Jazz Series -

Bertram Turetzky-
Torrey Pines Inn, Im-
perial Room. 8:30 pm 

Water' Polo - Away - U.C. 
Riverside. 3 pm 

Oct. 9 
Is the sea Cloor man's 
domain? - H. L. AUd. 
4:15 pm 

Russian Club meeting -
Language Lounge. 4-
5 pm 

Soaring Club meeting -
Language Lounge. 7-
10 pm 

Libertarian Alliance-
USB 3060. 7:30 pm 

Students' International 
Meditation Society -
USB 3070. 8 pm 

Oct. 10 
A.S. FUm - "The Hunt' 

USB 2722 - Admission 
50Y. 7:30 pm 

Oct. II 
A.S. Dance-Mixed Breed 

Band - Revelle Cafe 
Free. 8-12 pm 

Water Polo - Away - Cal 
Tech. Tournament. 
9 am. 

F 
R 
I 
D 
A 
Y 

S 
A 
T 
U 
R 
D 
A 
Y 

M 
0 
N 
D 
A 
Y 

T 
U 
E 
S 
D 
A 
Y 

W 
E 
D 
N 
E 
S 
D 
A 
Y 

T 
H 
U 
R 
S 
D 
A 
Y 

F 
R 
I 
D 
A 
Y 

S 
A 
T 
U 
R 
D 
A 
Y 

,. 

~ 

, 

INTRAMURALS SCHEDULE 
TEAM ACTIVITIES SIGN UP DATE MANAGERS MEETING PLAY START DATE 
FLAG FOOTBALL (Men) OCT. 1-4 GYM CLASSROOM N. OCT. 6 
VOLLEYBALL (6 Man) WING-OCT. 1,4 pm 

~~_S{w1t4 
OCT. 13-18 GYM OCT. 17, 4 pm OCT. 20 

BASKETBALL (Women) OCT. 20-24 GYM OCT. 24 

INDIVIDUAL ACTIVITIES Sports Scene ill a Nuts"el' 
WRESTLING NOV. 3-5 1M. OFFICE, GYM )'es, sports fans, you're right. "Rafol on Sports" returns tor 

another year of witty, iDterest1ng, provocative, humorous, and 
personally modest sports columns. There certainly were many 
areas of sports to cover last year, and I thinlc that tbis year will 
be the same. 

HANDBALL (Singles) NOV. 3-5 1M. OFFICE, GYM 

TENNIS (Singles/Doubles) NOV. 3-5 1M. OFFICE, GYM 

Like last year, I'll try to report on sidelights of UCSD and 
other sports news, plus comments on the major issues that are 
confronting sports today. 

CROSS COUNTRY NOV. 17-21 

I would like to devote tbis first column of the year to the sub-
ject of the UCSD sports program, mainly for the information of 
lreshmen and other new students. 

There are many things UCSD sports aren't. You won't meet 
a big, giant, dumb athlete berea who was recruited here only to 
play sports. We don't do that here. Athletes here take the same 
courses that everYone else takes, and that includes everything 
from physics to psychology, anthropology to visual arts. 

Actually, it's a very simple program to describe. While you 
won't see intercollegiate football here, tOOre is much more to 
UCSD sports. UCSD competes intercollegiately in 15 or so sports. 
The aim of the sports program here is to offer anyone wbo wants 
it a chance to compete. There are coaches and a gym and playing 
fields and much more. It's a great program, if sports is your bag. 

You see, in most colleges, the people that go out for a team 
are reculted for that sport because of their excellence in that 
particular field of endevor. But here, if you want to go out, you 
can with a cbance to make tbat team. 

Now, that doesn't mean that UCSD athletes are second rate. 
For some strange reason which Woody Hayes and Paul Bryant 
can't seem to explain, good students can also be great athletes. 
For proof, go see some of the teams compete. It you want to see 
the third best volleyball team in the NAIA, we have that here, too. 

So, although you won't be able to go with 100,000 people and 
cheer for the home team as they battle to get to the Rose Bowl 
you will find just as much excitement and action when you ~ 
a UCSD team out on the field or on the court. . 

The real pride of the PE Department, though, isn't the inter-
collegiate program, but the intramural program. It is one of the 
finest around the coimtry. 

The past director, Andy Skief, worked hard to make the intra-
mural program what it is today. People , tell me that the new 
director, Lee Johnson, brings this same enthusiasm whicb assures 
the continued excellence of the program. 

Already, the fall program has started with football, volleyball, 
and basketbaU on tap. Later on in the quarter wrestling hand-
ball, tennis, and billiards will start. ' , 

So there, in a nutshell, you have the sports program at UCSD. 
It's a good one, too. Many athletes are proud that we have such 
a fine program without going big time. 

If you want some fun, and a chance to stay in shape, use the gym. 
Join intramurals, or a team, or go over just for a study break. 
You'll be cheating yourself if you go through four years without 
trying it out. Trust me - would I lie to you? 

Harriers Triumph 
The UCSD cross-country team 

opened its season successfully, 
capturing the first four places 
in a 19-36 win over Cal State 
Fullerton's "B" team Saturday •. 

TURKEY RUN 

CALL SHOT BILLIARDS 

"'ralllirals 
The 1969-70 Intramural Pro-

gram promises to offer an ac-
tion-packed year and nearly 
everyone is eligible to partici-
pate. 

Activities for the fall quarter 
include flag football, 6-man vol-
leyball, women's basketball, 
wrestling, handball (singles), 
tennis (singles and doubles), call-
shot billiards, and the Cross 
Country Turkey Run. 

Football is the first activity 
and will begin the secoIXl week 
of October. This year an at-
tempt will be made to have a 
Mui,r League composed entirely 
of Muir students and a Revelle 
League composed entirely of Re-
velle students. 

At the conclusion of the season, 
the winning team from each lea-
gue will represent their respec-

, live schools in a championship 
game. Tbe winner of this game 
will be awarded the Chancellor's 
trophy. 

For teams with members from 
both Muir and Revelle or any 
other group desirous of forming 
a team, there will be an open 
league. The winner of the open 
league will play the winner of 
the Chancellor's trophy to deter-
mine an over-all campus 
champion. 

Each week, the Intramural De-
partment will post what It believes 
to be the top eight teams. Based 
on the previous year's perfor-
mances, defending champion 'SOl 
and the Purple Gophers should 
be the pre-season favorites. 

Lee Johnson will conduct the 
Intramural Sports Program this 

Rosters available in Intramural 
Office - South Balcony of Gym, 
Ext. 2282 

Soccer 
The 1969 UCSD varsity soccer 

team promises to be a much 
improved squad over last year's. 
With many of the old guard re-
turning, the team can count on 
greater experience to improve 
action on the field. 

Among the promising returnees 
from last year's squad are Bill 
Bartels, Rand Wilson, steve 
Hirsch, Mike Harkey, and Fred 
Grunewald. They will be depended 
upon to provide the teams for-
ward offensive thrust. 

Defending the goal will be Doug 
Smith, Jim Harrington, NedNew-
man and Dan Schikeley. 

The Tritons face a tough sche-
dule this season as they enter 
their first year of NCAA com-
the list includes matches 
with San Diego State, Cal State 
LA, Cal State Long Beach, and 
Cal Poly Pomona. One of the 
highlights of the season will be 
playing the All Cal tournament 
which is being bosted by UCLA. 

The team has 'proudly moved 
into a new home. The old foot-
ball field east of Matthews Cam-
pus has been converted into a 
permanent soccer field and the 
team is breaking in the turf at 
practices Monday, Wednesday, 
and Friday from 4 to 6 pm. 

Those Interested in playing 
varsity soccer are strongly en-
couraged to join the squad as 
soon as possible. This will 
help the Tritons prepare their 
starting lineup lor the first game 
against San Diego state on sat-
urday, October 11 at 11 am. 

Muir freshman Ed Avolled the 
Tritons to victory with an im-
pressive time of 27:37 on UCSD's 
difficult 4.6 mile course. By 
comparison, Jay Gillette's win- . 
ning time in last year's opening 
meet here was 29: 11. 

Membership on the cross-
country team is open to all stu-
dents who like to run and enjoy 
tough competition. They are cor-
dially invited to the afternoon 
workouts. 

Tomorrow the Triton harriers 
travel to Thousand Oaks to meet 
Cal Lutheran College. 

year. Johnson guided the intra- , I _~"'''''''''' 
mural program for three years 

Avol was followed closely by 
teammates Jerry King (27:57), 
Clark Rosen (28:01), and Randy 
Twombly (28:35). Running his 
first long cross-country race was 
another promising freshman, Bob 
Horgin, who finished ninth 
in 30:34. 

Team captain Jay Gillette was' 
unable to train during the summer 
because of occupational hardships 
and failed to finish up with the 
pack. However, Jay should be 
a big help to the team again 
this year as he rapidly improves. 

Coach Bob Wilson was pleased 
by the performance of his leather-
lungers and particularly en-
couraged by the one-minute span 
sperating the tirst four fin-
ishers. 

Avol and King were feel-
ing healthy after having spent 
the previous weekend with Bob 
Wilson on an intensive training 

. 8xcusloa . in Baja CalUornia. 

THE 

while attending the University of l , 
Redlands. 

8EATlES 

now 

[F3@b.\[ID 
a,ail.61e 

SPECIAL PRICE $ 5.00 OCT. 6 

Isness Record Shop 
215 N. Hwy !OI 

SOLANA BEACH 

AND EVERYTHING ELSE FOR THAT MATTER ! • ~ -

Evenings 7 & 9: 20 
Matinee sat.& Sun. 
-at 1:30 only-

An epic elrama of 
ad¥enture and _pIorationl 

OCT. 27 

NOV. 6-11 

NOV. 10 

NOV. 10 

NOV. 25 

Announcements 
Bill Gebur, Crew Coach, com-

menting on tbis year's team, said, 
"There will be a meeting for 
all men interested in intercolle-
giate crew on Monday, October 
6, 1969 at 4 pm in the physical 
education conference room of the 
gymnasium. 

All freshmen interested in par-
ticipating on the freshman basket-
ball team will meet with Coach 
Ed Musolf1 at 5 pm, Monday, 
October 6 in the gym conference 
room. 

Returning lettermen on this 
year 's team are Glen Forsch, 
Dave Lischer, Dave Cheshike, 
Hal Handley and Dennis Revie. 

UCSD's first Water Polo Meet 
was against Cal Poly Pamona 
last Wednesday afternoon, and 
their first home meet is against 
Cal state Fullerton tomorrow at 
1:30 in the natatorium. The 
team will be coached this year 
by stan Rose and Tom Crocker. 
Please come out and support the 
Triton Water Polo Team 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PA rs DONOIS 
for serr;ee 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233 - 8328 

ALI BABA 

FREAKS OlJT AT 

SYNTHF Ie 
TRIPS 

ELECTRO-
PSYCHEDELIC ART 

BLACK LIGHT SUPPLIES 
POSTERS 

SILK SCREEN SERVICE 

4734 Uniyerliiy ATe. 
San Diego, Ca. 92105 

282·1445 

triton times - friday, october 3-oage 11 



SAN DIEGO LA JOLLA 

COTTON SPREADS WITH THE EXOTIC 
PRINTS OF THE ORIENT 

, ..,.INT., eoLloa, aT"."' •• IN It.. MOaT O~ COLO". 
SINGL£ 3.99 n .. ,oe DOUBLE ~.99 to .. ,oe 

GIANT PILLOWS 
IN MOO COL.OR SAND PR INT. 

38' t X 30' t 19.88 

SPACE SAVINCi 

TRIANGULAR 

OCCASSIONAL 

TABLE 3.88 
GREAT FOR 

SNACKS, COFFEE, SERVICE, 

FRAME 

II" X 18" 

NON GLUE PHOTO ALBUMS 

THE SELF-ADHESIVE PAGES ARE 

PROTECTED BV TRANSPARENT 

ACETATE THIIT PEEL.S BACK FOR 

NEAT MOUNT ' NG OF PICTURES 

OR PRESSED FL.OWERS 

2.99 BURL. .. P COVER IN ORANGE, 
BLAC~· , G RE EN, OR aLUE 

I .. I~SS 
LA MESA LAGUNA WESTWOOD 

KITCHEN BRIGHT ENAMEL WARE 

TEA KETTLES 

2.98 AND 3.49 

RF.:D. VEL.LOW. BLUE. AVOCADO. 01'1 ORANGE 

JAPANESE 

TEMPURA 

COOKER 

FOR FRENCH 

FR VI N ANVTHING 

.99 

TAIWAN 

TOTE 

4.98 

AIRV, 

COL.ORFUL 

AND 

IMMENSELV 

C ASUAL. 

COST LESS SAN DIEGO-WASHINGTON ST. TURN 0"" HIGHWAV , 

COST LESS LA JOLLA - CORNER 0" IVANHOE • "ROS~CT "'-36" 

ENAI\£LED 

COFFEE CUP 

TREE 

MUQS DON'T 
QROW ON TREES, 
BUT HERE'S 

ONE TO HANG 

YOUIUS ON 

.74 
MUSTARD, 

OL.IVE, ORANGE 

OR BL.ACK 

WHITE POFL~LAIN 
FIVE PIECE 

PLACE SETTING 1.99 

INFLATABLE 

TRAFFIC SIGNS 

PLASTIC 
P I LLOWS 
TO ADO A 
SIGN OF 
DIRECT ION 
TO ANV 
DECOR 

.89 

GROW YOUR OWN 

UNDER SEA GARDEN 

IN L.IVING COL-ORS' 

MAGIC ROCKS 

59 CENTS WORTH 0 ... 
8EAUTV AND EXCITMENT 

• HOURS MOH. THRU FRI •• 0 A.M. TO 9 P.M. SAT. AND BUH •• 0 A.M. TO 6 ".M. 
• COST LESS LA MESA - ... 0 CENTER DRIVE 0,.. ... JACKSON DRive 460-6760 eV HOURS MOH. THRU FRI •• 0 A.M. TO 10 P.M. .,AT. AND SUN •• 0 A.M. TO ~ P.M. 

erything under the SUN 
triton times-friday, october 3-oaop 12 

SORRY, NO C.O.D. OR MAIL ORDERS 
MERCHANDISE S UBJECT TO STOCK ON HAND 


