
VOLUME 6, ISSUE 1 University of California, San JANUARY 17, 1969 

Palmer Attacks Regents; 
by steve Landau, Hearst Questions ePE 
On Assignment in Berkeley 

The Committee on Educational 
Policy of the Regents, meeting 
at Berkeley yesterday heard 
ASUC president, Charles Pal-
mer, charge the Regents with 
mismanga.ement of university 
funds. In another action Regent 
Hearst brought up the matter of 
certain controversial CPE cour-
ses on the Berkeley campus, 
and a resolution was passed which 
recommended to the full board, 
which meets today, that an in-
vestigation be conducted con-
cerning the use of 199 (indepen-
dent study) courses. 

The statement which Palmer 
read contained the following 
charges: 

--That no portion of the Re-
gents' investment portfolio invol-
ves inter-city or urban renewal 
projects, although the Regents 
have made statements expressing 
interest in such projects. 

--That the annual stock reports 
are not available for pubUc scru-
tiny. 

--That the annual profits, by 
the Regents's admission, Is only 
"average." 

--That there are heavy invest-
ments in war and war-related 
industries. 

--An that, although there are 

no clear cases of conflict of 
interests, certain investments 
seem questionable. 

Palmer expressed concern 
over Reagan's statement of his 
desire to introduce a tuition pro-
posal. In relation to this he 
said; "Until the Regents can 
show the people of California that 
they are fiscally responsible, it 
is unjust to ask the people of 
California to assume the added 
burden of higher taxes of stu-
dents or taxpayers. Politicians 
of this state continually portray 
themselves as protecting the peo-
ple of the state against the actions 
of students. All we want to 
insure is that the investment of 
the people oUhe state is simi-
larily protected." 

Palmer's remarks were made 
before the Committee on Educa-
tional Policy because this is the 
only piace where students have 
been able to address the Regents 

- in the past. Regent Boyd, chair-
man of the Committee, said that 
he would refer Palmer's state-
ment to the Investment Commi-
ttee. However, Regent Pauley, 
chairman of the Investment Com-
mittee, refuted the charges made 
by Palmer, labeling them false. 

After the Regents had dispen-

Vietnamese To 
~peak On Future 

The political and social situa-
tion in South Vietnam and the 
political future of Vietnam as 
a whole will be the topic for 
a talk by Vo Van Ai, the Se-
cretary General of the Overseas 
Vietnamese Buddhist Association 
when he speaks here on Sunday, 
January 19, at 7:30 p.m. in the 
Humanities-Library Auditorium. 

For five years, Van Ai has 
served as focal point and dis-
tributor for the best avallable 
information of the repressive ac-
tivities of the South Vietnamese 
government and on the situation 
of the vast member s of politi-
cal prisoners in that govern-
ment's jails. 

Imprisoned in 1949 by the 
French at the age of eleven, 
Vo Van Ai later became active 
in the Buddhist resistance move-
ment. Today he is the chief 
overseas representative of the 
" m1l1tant" wing of the Buddhist 
Church. It was this movement 
which was instrumental in bring-
ing about the fall of Diem in 
1003, which waged the widespread 
"Buddhist revolt" in the northern 
region in 1966, and which today 
is regarded as the key to a 
new political grouping in th 
South. 

Van Ai is the author of seven 
VOlumes, including works ofpoe-
try, critiCism, philosophy, and 

nonviolent revolution. 
Speaking on the same program 

with Van Ai will be Phuong Anh 
Vo Van Ai, his wife, who par-
ticipated in the struggles against 
the Diem regime in 1963 and 
who has taken part in demon-
strations for Peace in Vietnam 
in various European countries. 
She will speak on the role of 
women and students in the strug-
gle for freedom and peace in 
Vietnam. 

The third member of the team 
is Masako Yamanouchi, a Ja-
panese citizen who has worked 
since 1966 as a member of a 
relief team helping refugees in 
South Vietnam. 

Miss Yamanouchi, while work-
ing at a school during the of-
fensives of January and May, 
experienced both the N.L.F. at-
tacks and the all-engulfing res-
ponses by American jets whose 
bombs fell in and around the 
school and its dispensary as she 
worked to treat the wounded. An 
excellent reporter-observe,r, she 
speaks out of direct knowl dge 
of the people's own experience 
in the midst of the war. 

The team is on a national 
speaking tour sponsored by the 
Fellowship of Reconciliation and 
is being brought here through 
the cooperation of ASUCSD. 

sed with their routine business, 
Regent Hearst inquired as to the 
status of several courses ini-
tiated by CPE, the Center for Par-
ticipant Education, a student 
groufl that structures and recom_ 
mends credit and non-credit 
courses on the Berkeley Campus. 

Hearst referred to two articles 
that had appeared in the Daily 
Cal. One stated that CPE has 
made plans to circumvent the 
Regents' recent ruling limiting 
appearances by guest lecturers 
by having professors give inde-
pendent study credit. The other 
listed courses offered by the 
CPE, some of which several Re-
gents objected to. 

The controversy centered 
around a course entitled "The 
New American ReVOlution," 
which consisted mainly of a ser-
ies of lectures by Tom Hayden, 
who is prominent in SUS and 
the New Left movement. 

Chancellor Heyns of Berkeley 
affirmed that only a few CPE 
courses bad been approved for 
credit, and that others--in par-
ticular the Hayden course--had 
been refused. 

Regent Heller introduced a re-
solution which was passed and 
will be prese,' .. • - the full 
board tomorrow. This resolu-
tion calls for an investigation of 
"possible abuse" of independent 
study programs. 

other CPE courses which have 
been denied credit include "Con-
temporary Soviet Civilization," 
to be conducted by author Wil-
liam Mandel, and "Contempor-
ary German Marxism," acourse 
including Dr. Herbert Marcuse as 
a guest lecturer. 

Heyn!' also reported that no 
198 or 199 credit has been given 
for Social Analysis 139X,andthat 
the Registrar will continue to 
refuse such credit. 

-r· N ..... 
New Regeals 

The Regents are meeting once 
again today on the Berkeleycam-
pus. However, since the Novem-
ber meeting at UCSD several 
changes have taken place in the 
membership that have enabled 
the Reagan forces to further 
consolidate their influence on 
the board. 

Of five new members , three 
were appointed by Reagan to fill 
unexpired terms of members who 
resigned. The other two are 
ex-olfiel0 members, one of who 
ex-ofiicio members , one of whom 
assumes his position by virtue 
of a Reagan appointment. 

At this meeting the contro-
versial matter of guest lecturers 
w1ll not come up, since action 
concerning this has been tabled 
until the March meeting. How-
ever, in light of recent hard-
line statements made by Gover-
nor Reagan in the press, it is 
highly possible that there will 
be an attempt to introduce strin-
gent measures aimed at tudent 

(Cont'd. on page 3, col. 1) 

Ex- Leftist Phillip Abbot Luce. Interview Begins on Page 4. 

At Berkeley 

Students Plan Pickel 
Six student groups and the A-

merican Federation of Teachers, 
Local #1570, announced they 
would picket the Regents ' meet-
ing scheduled for today. 

The Berkeley groups, which, 
in addition to the AFT, include 
the Asian-American Political Al-
liance, the Center for Partici-
pant Education, the Radical stu-
dents' Union, and three other 
student groups, called the picket 
for about 1:00 p.m. today and said 
they expect between 500 and 2000 
pickets. 

The picket is being held par-
tially in sympathy for the stri-
kers at San Francisco state Col-
lege, but the Berkeley strikers 

ROO Meels, 
Ok'. Baelgel 

by Kerwin John Lebeis 
. The Revelle College Gov-

ernment met last Tuesday for 
the fir st time since the Christ-
mas vacation, and the main items 
discussed were the revised bud-
get and the appointments to var-
ious committees. 

Enough of the voting members 
were present so that the budget 
could be approved and Dean Hull 
could be made the official sig-
natory for all requests for with-
drawals of monies as dictated 
in the budget. 

The Revelle College Go-
vernment budget wHl be under 
one account, and the size of the 
individual catagor ies will be the 
only limit as to the amount that 
can be withdrawn from the bud-
get account. 

The five committees being 
filled are the Judicial Commit-
tee, the Communication Board, 
the AS Lectures Committee , the 
Revelle Fr ee Speech Board, and 
the AS Events Committee. stu-
dents had submitted applications 
which were reviewed at the meet-
ing. Most likely, some of the 
prospective appointees for the 
Judicial Committee will be in-
vited to an informal g t- tog ther 
where they w1ll give their views 
on judicial questions and other 
r levant subj cts . 

The constitution, which \Vas not 
discuss d, is neverthe I ss in a 
rough draft and should be com-
pleted by th end of this Quar-
ter befor the el ction n xt 
quart r . 

are also concerned about the out-
come of proposed legislation 
against demonstrator s that will 
come befor e the Regents today. 

The students want complete 
amnesty for de monstrator s. They 
also want an end to militar y 
and police interventions on cam-
pus, as well as an end to re-
gential inte rferenee in academic 
affairs. 

Another grievance that the 
picketer s have is that the Re-
gents are meeting in Univer sity 
Hall, a meeting hall with a small 
and limited capacity. Spokesmen 
for the groups have pointed out 
that after the press and parti-
cipants in the meeting have been 
admitted to the room, there is 
virtually no room left for stu-
dent observers. This , they claim, 
is in violation of the Brown Act 
of 1967 which provides that all 
public gove rning bodies must hold 
public meetings. 

other business which may 
come befor e the Regents today, 
and about which the students 
are concerned, includes the re-
introduction of the proposal for 
tuition for residents and motions 
to block cr edit fo r all CPE-
initiated cour ses and certain 199 
courses (independent stUdy). 

CPE 
Nat . Sci. ex2A and exlD are 

being offe r ed by a group of phy-
sics seniors for no credit. They 
will treat the subject matter in 
2A and 10 from the standpoint 
of solving a problem, such as 
landing a man on the moon. Thi 
is not a substitute course, but 
registration in at. Sci. 2A or 10 
is not required. 

The class is open to any stu-
dents interested in learning 'ew-
tonian iechanics 'n UCSD's first 
student initiated experimental 
course. The classes will be 
seminars of ten PE rson: in each 
One-hundred and 'ifty tudents 
can be accommoda~ed. Class-
rooms hav already en 
reserved. 

ed. ud nt's ill have an 
open invitation out to any tu-
dents who would like to sit in 
on th ir Psych class which i 
bringing in outsid p akers from 
the local community to peak 
about social problem. Clas, 
MW- F- at 10 a.m. ~ed School 
auditorium. 

- - -- ~. - --
- . 



, 

P .... a....;g::...e_2_~ ___ -t_~J.;;.;AMUA;,;.Q ~RY 17, 1969 , 
Editorial 

R.~gents' Negative UC 
It Is nearly two monthS now since the Board of Regents visited the 

UCSD campus and held their monthly meeting in the gym. 
The students bere who were able to attend that meeting and others 

who followed the proceedings with some interest and awareness reacted 
in varying degrees of contusion, anger, and disappointment. In the 
aftermath of that fiasco hardly anyone was quite sure of the signl-
fic a Ice of what had happened or what the future held in store. 

The chief debate immediately after the conclusion of the meeting 
raged over the perspective of the student and faculty leaders who 
had planned the activities of November 22 and the tactics they had 
employed. 

Gt:nerally an atmosphere of decoru m and responsible protest was 
intpnued to, and indeed did, prevail. It was thought that such a stance 
wo' ld be the only one that could influence the liberal and moderate 
RegE'nts, not alienate them, as was feared a repetition of the violent 
Sanl1 Cruz disruptions of last September would. 

In retrospect the tactics were only mildly effective; several Re-
genh were quite amazed by the enormous silent protest by more 
thal. lf of the student population of UCSD. Surely, more disruptive 
tac '-s, although warranted by the actions of the Regents wlllch in 
eft' .t completely repudiated the wishes of the majority of students 
and acuity, could have only evoked a reactionary response on the 
pal of tbe Regents. But for the most part the battlellnes among the 
Regents had been firmly drawn for Quite some time. 

, wever, the question of tactics, or even of influencing the Board 
of gents, Is no longer of any importance . If there remained any 
dOl among students after the San Diego meeting that the Baord is I 
a ! t cause, this doubt should be completely dispelled by the recent : 
ap ntments which have changt!d the composition of the Board in 
fav of the dangerously reactionary Reaganistic forces. 

1 t Reagan and his cohorts constitute an imminent threat to higher 
ed tion in Ca11fornia is every bit as clear to the thoughtful Uni-
ve ty student as is the threat posed by "militants" thought to exist 
b; f' Reaganites, in their neanderthal way of thinking. 

. t November the only hope in the minds of students and faculty 
le~ ,dS rested in a small core of dedicated "liberals" consisting 
chi fly of Regents Roth, Dutton, Simon, Chandler, Unruh, and Cob-
lentz. These Regents, although probably rejected as "Uncle Toms" 
or " corporation liberals" by some radical groups, do have some 
Inte 'est in the lotegrity and greatness of the University system 
tha goes beyond a mere maintenance of stability and close ties with 
inc .;try and the community. The students and faculty also hoped 
to ppeal to the moderate, or "swing" Regents. This group, by our 
cal ~ lations, consisted oC President Hitch and Regents Heller, Higgs, 
P.. ~y, Forbes, Pettit, and Finch. 

I Ie five new Regents, appointed in the interim, replace two llberals, 
o moderate, and two Regents who attendance was scarce. A gain 
ofve has clearly been registered by the conservative faction. The 
n Regents join Reagan, Rafferty, Carter, Hearst, Canaday, Boyd, 
Ca lbe 11 , and Grant in what is surely to be the dominatlog torce 
of 1 ·e Board of Relrents. 

\ hat does this mean for the university? Basically it means that · 
a 'roup of men whose accomplishments more otten lie in the field 
of business, industry, and politics than education, and whose under-
st. nding and interest in academic freedom is Incredibly limited, will 
be dictating policy decisions that will profoundly eUect the univer-
sity. 

(Cont'd. on page 3, col. 4) 

EDITOR IN CHIEF 
John McCarthy 

NEWS EDITOR 
Steve Landau 

SPORTS EDITOR 
Bob Gorby 

FINE ARTS EDITOR 
Paul Hambur, 

MANAGING EDITOR 
Chris Sheldon 

AD MANAGER 
John De m-irjian 
FEATURE EDITOR 
Tom Baker 

PHOTOGRAPHY EDITOR COPY EDITOR 
Doug Easton Haywood Gammon 

STAFF WRITERS 

Greg Reddin~ . 
Jim Rothma.n 
Kerwin Lebeis 
Eric Halgren 
Portia LaTouche 
Clayton Andersor 
Jeff Brittain 
Larry RaM 
Cral, Starr 

COPY CREW 

Nancy Keys 
Chris Pflugieldel 
Peggy Braunstelr. 

PHOTOGRAPHY STAFF 

Albert E Izas 
Lenny Bourln 
Tracy Spino 
Jay Kromschroeder 

John Sussman 
Herman Rumper 
Randy Ericson 
Max Sick 
George McCollister 
B1I1 Alaoglu 
BUI fu.verland 
MlJ(e Du<;a. 
FINE ARTS 

Dave Sacherman 
Joel Goodman 
Richard Harris 

JUSTOWRITERS 

Peter Lert 
Judy Allsburg 
Cindy Nielson 
Cindy Pick 
Suzanne Nester 
Darrell Icenogle 

Needed: 
A Students' Regent 
Dear Editor, 

Many factors contributed to the 
turmoil over the cancelled (for 
credit) course Social Analysis 
139X, given last autumn at Ber-
keley. But the problem that 
stood out most glaringly in the 
controversy is this: the students 
for whom the course was intended 
had no constituted power within 
the university to decide the fate 
of that course. 

The Board of Regents acted 
with disregard of students' sym-
pathies. It initially approv!<1, 
at least implicitly, for credit 
139X. students registered for 
the course, attended lectures, 
perhaps even wrote essays on 
the topics covered. Then the 
Regents wlthdrew credit from 
139X in the middle of the quar-
ter. 

The students had to submit 
to tills decision and vented their 
frustration in a series of loud, 
confusing and angry protest ral-
lies. Nevertheless, the situation 
Is unchanged. students still have 
no legal means to prevent the 
Regents from similar actions 
in the future. 

I thinl< what we have witnessed 
Is the result of the university 
ignoring, for much much too long, 
a basic tenet of democracy: any 
government must contain direct 
representatives ot the governed. 
The Board of Regents governs 
the university; we the students 
are the governed. Yet we have 
no direct representative on the 
Board of Regents. (The argu-
ment that students come to the 
university to receive a valuable 
education and hence should be 
docile to alJ Its decisions is really 
irrelevant.) 

So I propose to the people of 
CaUfornia that the University of 
CalUornia's Constitution be re-
vls~. In particular, the Board 

(Cont'd. on page 3) 

Rehir e Marcuse EditQr;a' 

A Positive University 
by Tom Baker 

I, Soon a decision will be made by Chancellor McGill or perhaps the Board of Regents whether or oot to extend the contract of UCSD 
professor Herbert Marcuse. The controversial professor is older 
!Uwl the manditory retirement age establish!<1 by the UniverSity, 
and thus Ills contract must be renewed on a yearly basis. 

Recently, some doubt bas arisen as to whether he will be rehired 
' for the next academic year of 1969-70. This doubt is due mainly to 
some ra.ther anti-democratic pressure brought to bear on the uni-
versity by such groups a s the American Legion. The Legion apparently 
feels tba.t Marcuse is guilty of corrupting the youth of America, due 
to his radical poLitica.l theories. 

However, must we continua.lly remind the Legion and other groups 
that one of the most important functions of a. university is the es-
pousa.l and critical examination of new ideas, new way,> of dolog things, 
even though some of these new idea.s are "radical?" 

The function of a university is to rock the boat, to goad civiliza-
tion on to greater advances, In social as well as SCientific areas. 
As former Chancellor Galbraith said of UCSD, "The old Ideas, not 
the new, must defend themselves here." Famed political scientist 
Alexander Mihlejohn defended all speech, even tba.t most abhorent 
to the ma.jority of people ..... not because it is good, or bad, but 
because 11 is relevant." 

In the complex, changing world of today, a. SOCiety that paranoi-
cally shrinks from new, slrange, "radical" idea.s cannot possibly 
grow, inde!<1 it ca.onot possibly survive. Anti-intellectualism, the 
rejection of Intelligence, is the most fatal error a. modern society 
can make. 

If the Legion succeeds In getting Marcuse fired, such positive 
reinforcement w111 probably spur them on to further conquests. if 
they can succeed but once, then they can succeed again and a.gain. 
By yielding to these pressures, the university encoura.ges and a.c-
celerates the suppression of controversy and dissent. As such, we 
will bear the guilt. 

The student community, for the most part, does not wish to be 
party to this growth of repression. We must ma.ke it clear to the 
administra.tion a.nd Board of Regents tba.t we are very concerned about 
this dangerous trend. We a.re not willing to stand by idly and watch 
the university he destroyed by these ba.rbarlans. 

Marcuse is perba.ps the most distinguished pllllosopher in the United 
States. He is President of the Pacific Division of the American Phi-
losophical Association. His books have ha.d a. grut impact upon 
contemporary philosophy and social science. However, to belabor 
his qua.lifications any further would be to overstate the ovious. 

The real issue is whether the university will accept the dictates 
01 the American Legion, Copley Press, and similar groups in deter-
mining its future. We must resist such a.ttempts. 

AS Senate Notes 
~ by Jet! Brittain . 

Tbe Senate of the Associated Students of UCSD met for the first 
time . this quarter on January 7. Among the issues that came up 
during the meeting was that of a room for the Senate to meet In on 
Tuesdays, since the rooms previously available are not so now. 

On the calendar for tills month Is UCSD night a Mickie Finn's, 
the 19th, (tickets are $2 and are available everywhere), and the Ike 
and Tina Turner Revue on the 31st in the Revelle Cafeteria. 

A new development in the gloomy financial status of the ASUCSD 
was alred-additional funds from the vending machines are available 
for AS use. It is even possible that we can break even by the end 
of the year. The present situation's rather grim, but with this $2000, 
we have about $826 unallocated for both quarters and a $500 reserve 
fund. 

JANUAR Y 17, 1969 Page 3 
(Cont'd. from page 2) 

As a matter of fact, their inclinations might be in oppositwn tr the 
of Regents is to be augmented. academic pursuit of truth, s ince such a pursuit might evenlt Il y 
At least a students' Regwt shall result in a repudiation of the mores of the society they have cre; ted 
be created. He shall have all 
the powers bestowed on the other and upon wlllch they subsist. 
Regents; and he shall be elected What rationale is there in allowing a person who has distinguished 
only by the students, with con- himself as the owner of a sports franchise, as the wife of a news-
tirmation by the state legislature. paper tycoon, or as the director of the Canada Dry Corporatior 10 
He shall be supported solely by decide what courses shall be taught, in what manner, and by whom? 
students' funds. (Each of the Would the Regents even consider allowing someone ofUttIe experif>nce 
90,000 UC students giving a dol- to assume a decision-making position of the Board of Director of 
lar a year shall provide ample their respective Corporations? Surely not. 
funds for him and his s taft.) This current situation leaves students and faculty with but one 

The term of office for the Stu- conclusion to make, this being that the Board of Regenls is no lon~er 
dent's Regent shall be two years; the rightful governing body of the University of California. Governor 
and during his term of office, Reagan's claim that his Board represenls the people of California 
he may hold no other remunera- (that elusive .. silent majority") is not a valid justification either. 
tive position. He shall regularly Although the tax payers support the university, they are extremply 

The AS Senate met on the 14th in the cramped quarters afforded hold open meetings for students misinformed (brainwashed would be a better word) and are not com-
them in the AS office (250 MC) conference room. A meeting room on the various campuses and re- petent to govern the university. 
Is still being sought, but none seems to be avaLlable. fiect s tudents ' interests and de- Although we expect our politiCians to be highly competent and q1/a-

The results of a meeting of the Campus Planning Committee were sire s when voting as a member lified for leadership, laymen have the right of membership in po-
given by Tom Shepard and Dean Murphy. In short, the priorities of the Board of Regents. Utlcal tribunals, since the government exists to serve the will of 
Ust for campus construction places the Student Center, that was The above proposal is real Is- the people. 
mentioned earlier in this academic year, on a very low level. Se- tic since I think its adoption *******************************. * 
veral of the problems that stand in the way of constructing such stu- shall improve Regents-students * he co-founded an electronics associate of the tovernor's ' '0 
dent facilities are money, time and land. relationslllp without disrupting * manufacturing firm. He is cur- is Reagan's personal attorn. '. 

Proposed answers to the first quandary include loans and a stu- any university function. I make * rently president and chief of- Reagan described Smith as "a 
dent-center tax of approximately $10 per year, a low price to pay proposal with the conviction that ~ ficer of the company as well born leader of excellent ju, -
for the student center. if the financial situation can be remedied, we can learn and explore and *as being a trustee of stanford ment, integrity, a.nd maturity ~­
the center should be built by the 1972 academic year. Support from enlar ge ourselves in this insti- * Unive rsity. The term Watkins yond his years.- Smith is < 
the student body is desperately needed to get the plans into opera- tution; and that it is worth our * succeeds to will expire March Mrs. Chandle r's reasons fe r 
tion if UCSD is to have a Student Center at all. efforts to bring it close r to our * I, 1974. resigning are unclear, but tt1<> 

The proposals tor a Blake Hall Snack bar have been dropped, due Ideal of a university. * Robert Reynolds, president of speculation is that she is not 
to thA opening of The Place in the South Dining Hall of Revelle Cafe- Sincerely, * the California Angels baseball happy, 10 say the least, with t~ 
teria. Henry Cheng * club will replace Samue 1 Mosher, recent actions ofthe Board. Once 

******************************** ******************: who has not attended a m'=!eting one of the most active members, 1 ti t H M in two years because of illness. both her interest and attendance 
Ne B I eee ons , au omatically takes ernor. owever, both onagan Reynolds, also a vice-president dropped off after she led an W .gen 8 over Unruh s posltion as an ex- ~d Reinecke, who has more of the Los Angeles Rams, is a unsuccessful fight 10 prevent a 

(Cont'd. from page 1) officio member of the board. nght-wing leanings, are expected 1936 graduate of Stanford. He raise in student fees. 
Similarly, Robert Finch, de- to be safely In the Reagan camp. was president of Golden West W. Glenn Campbell is the other 

and faculty protestors. signated by President-elect Furtber~ore, three regents Broadcasters, a firm operating a Reagan appointee on the Board. 
Nixon as Secretary of Housing, have reSIgned since the last group of radio stations, for l6 The new appointees bring to four Also, the question of rehiring 

of Professor Marcuse of UCSD 
may also come before the Board 
when they meet In open session 
this afternoon. 

Education, and Welfare In the meeting and have been replaced years until he sold his interest the number of Reagan appoir,t~~s 
new administration, will be re- by Gove rno.r Reagan .. . H.R. Ha~- last August. Reynolds will com- among the 16 appointed Regents 
placed by Ed Reinecke, whom deman reslgned to lO1O Nixon s plete a term ending March 1, 1972. who serve l6 year terms. The 
Reagan appointed to the posl- White House staff, andwwill be Mrs. Dorothy Chandler, wife other eight of the 24 Regents 

Robert Monagan. who replaced 
Democrat Jesse Unruh as Speak-
er of the Assembly after the 
Republicans gained a majority 
in the legislature in the recent 

tion of Lieutenant- Governor in replaced by Dean A. atkins, of L.A. Times owner Norman are ex-officio member s who 
Finch's place. 46, a Palo Alto businessman.. . . M i td d t be W tkl I til g1 Chandler, reslgnedlate last year, serve by virtue of the pos itlon 

onagan s cons e re 0 a a ns, an e ec r ca en - and Reagan appointed William they hold. 
moderate Republican, and has neer.. holds a doctorate from French Smith, a Los Angeles Usually the Regents alternale 
in the past displayed some degree Stanford University, where he attornev as her successor. their meetings throughout the 
of Independence from the gov- was a professor until 1964 when Smith .has been a close political year among the various UC cam-

1969 Caprice Coupe 

No clowns. No hoopla . No 
funny ha ts. 

This is an event for the serious 
car buyer. The man who has X num-
ber of dollars to spend and is deter-
mined to get his money's worth and 
m aybe more. 

Come to a Chevrol t Showroom 
during our Value Showdown. 

Ask the man to show you, on 
paper, how you can order most any 

1969 Chevrolet with a big VB and 
a utomatic transmission for less than 
you could last year. 

Come in and spend some time. 
D ig, probe, ask questions, take notes. 
You owe it to yourself to De thorough. 

Go for a drive. 
Get a free sample of Chevrolet's 

luxurious full-coil, cushioned ride. 
Shut the windows a nd see how fresh 
the interior stays, thanks to Astro 

Ventilation. Feel the kick of the big. 
gest standard VB in our field . 

Then go down the street or a ross 
town and s how we stack up against 
Those Other Cars. 

W e think you'll wind up with a 
Chevy. 

More people do, you know. 

Puttlnc you first, keeps us first. 

The Chevrolet 
Value Showdown is on. 

puses, meeting at a different 
one each month. However, it has 
been decided that all remaining 
meetings for this school year 
will be beld in University Hall 
on the Berkeley campus. 
Port Orient & Seven Fables Bool, -
store has moved to 705 Pearl 
Stl, La Jolla . "We carry rare 
and usual in the book accult 
avant garde." I ______ . __________________ ~ 

Phil's Radin 
Service 

3847 Park Blvd .. 
298 -477 8 

CLASSIFIED 
67 TR SPITFIRE MK3 
$200 and assume or 1720 cash. 
Call Jackie Johnson weekdays at 
277-6780 extension ~51. 

LOST DURING FINALS: 1 PAIR 
glasses, clear brown frame. 
Call Eric, 453-2685. 

FOR SALE ... '49 GMC SChool Bus 
(small) Excellent living. $600 
30824 Valley Center Road 
Valley Center 746-5812 

STUDENr 
DIECOUNT 

10% off with AS Card at: 

Fa.turing, !rom ~uu. Aru .:l.:.l. 
- Alpab. hats & poncho ! 
- Sensuous fur rugs! 
* Ancient Andean idols! 
*Sympatbetlc Koala bears! 

1010 EI Paseo Grande 
La ""3 Shores 459.212$ 
, (six blocks soutb d Scrlpps) 



- " 
< 

Page 4 
.1 JANUARY 17, 1969 ; so _ . 

Lu'ce' On ~~The l Plot" 
Interviewed by Tom Ba}. er and 
Clay Andersonj photography by 
Doug Easton 
(Triton Times): "Mr. Luce, 

could you give us some i(!ea of 
your political background?" 

(Luce): ·When I got to 
Ohio State, I was working on 
my master's degree in political 
science. I considered myself 
to be just a general Marxist in 
approach and at Ohio state most 
of the graduate students andpeo-
pIe that I worked with were 
Marxist or Marxist- Lenlnlsts 
and a number ofthem were mem-
bers of either the Socialist Party 
or the Communist Party. This, 
of course, was prior to the real 
advent of S.O.S. and most of 
the student groups. 

After having left Ohio state, 
I had gone to New York where 
I was working on my Ph.D. in 
economics. I considered myself 
to be kind of a quasi-intellec- ' 
tual Communist but I wasn't part 
of any group; the CPUSA then 
and now has represented for 
young people the calm middle 
ground approach. 

I went to Cuba in '63 and 
when I came back from Cuba I 
decided that what I wanted to do 
was join a revolutionary group 
to try to achieve total change, 
and the only group that appealed 
to me at the time, at least In 
New York, as being really re-
volutionary enough was the Pro-
gressive Labor Party. the pro-
Chinese element in the Commu-
nist movement in the U.S. 

So I joined Progressive Labor, 
worked as editor of their pub-
lication called ·Progresslve La-
bor, - and formulated at that time 
the first published appeal for 
young people to refuse to fight 
in viet Nam, organized a second 
trip to Cuba in '64, was under 
federal indictment for these trips 
to Cuba, and participated in a 
number of activities against the 
war in Viet Nam.b 

We held two demonstrations in 
August of '64 in New York that 
turned into riots. We also at 
that time did a considerable 

' amount of work in the Harlem 
area trying to get people pre-
pared for the eventuality of a 
riot which did take place and 
then the P.L.P. did everything 
within Its power to extend the 
riot. We weren't responsible 
for it per se, but once it hap-
pened It happened and our people 
did everything possible to extend 
the riots into other areas. 

The rest of the time I spent 
touring campuses and speaking 
for P.L.P. or for Student Com-
mittee for Travel to Cuba which 
is now non-existent. I started 
a second movement which is 
also non-existent. 

I left for a variety of rea-
sons. I just didn't wake up one 
morning and decide to leave. 
I left because over a period of 
time I discovered that I had 
really made a basic philosophical 
error, that rather than aiming 
for freedom In this country at 
all a revolutionary move-

STUDENT DISCOUNTS WITH 10 CARDS - $2.00 OFF REG. PRICES 
Good Tue'; .·Thurs, 8:30 0 Sat. 6:30, Sun. 3:00 PM 

Sublect to aVo·llability. AquariUS Theater Box Office Only. 

TICKETS NOW ",VAILABLE THROUGH FEBRUARY 16, 1969 
Tuesday throug~ Thursday at 830 .. .... .. $7.50 .. , .. $650 ...... $5,50 
Sunday at 3 00 £.nd 730 ...... .. ... , .. , ....... $7.50 .... .. $6.50 , .... $5.50 
Fnday at 8 30 .... . ...................... $8.50 ... .. ,$7.50 .... $650 
Saturday at 630 and 1030 ................. $8.50 ...... $7,50 ... ... $6.50 

NO PERFORMANCES ON MONDAY BOX OFFICE OPEN 7 OAYS 

Purchase Tickets at Southern California MUSIC Co 637 So HIli St . III MUlual 
and Liberty Tlcfret Agencl's lAS Loeahons Ind Aq uartus Bo)( Ofhce 

Mall Orders ACCepted 

6230 S un . .. BIV1 II BI ~ r •• 1 01 VOno) Hollywood Calol 90028 Ph""e .61· 2961 
,. Natoma I KSFI Production 

ment, we were really Intent on 
. setting up simply a different 
type of government that was 
really designed to create more 
totalitarian a government de-
signed to keep people from hav-
ing individual freedom. 

Also I began to boggle at the 
thought that a number of the 
young people that I was helping 
to bring in were being lied to 
constantly about what we were 
doing. Because we were lying 
to them in so far as such things 
as we were storing guns in N.Y. 
City at that time, certainly a-
gainst government acts and gen-
eral laws in N. Y., and we 
weren't telling them this. Had 
the poUce mo;ved and arrested 
anybody these kids would have 
suffered the same fate as ev-
erybody else. They would not 
even have known what was go-
ing on. 

So three or four of us began 
to argue within the move ment that 
what we had to do was open the 
movement up and to have full 
and complete discussions of these 
types of things so that people 
weren't being lied to. The lead-
ership said no, you can't do that 
because It is a revolutionary 
organization and they don't have 
the right to know. That, coupled 
with other things of that nature, 
just made it impossible for me 
to work with any organization so 
I tried to pull out and bring 
some people with me. I was 
then accused of forming factions, 
so I just dropped out and when 
I dropped out, well, I would 
spend some time trying to bring 
othe r people out with me or 
bring around me. 

I wrote an article for Satur-
day Evening Post at that time 
to a friend of mine who worked for 
the Post, just explaining some of 
the illegal activities that we were 
involved in order that the gen-
eral membership could hear a-
bout it. I don't think they would 
have it any other way and P.L. 
then expelled me after they knew 
I had written the article. 

They expelled me on a number 
of grounds: I was a thief, a 
police agent, a drug addict, and 
all kinds of things like these. 
After I had left, they expelled 
me some two months later on 
these charges, and they were 
so illogical that no newspaper 
in N. Y. would carry them ex-
cept PLP and as soon as they 
carried them in print, I sued 
the m for libel and the case is 
still, to the best of my knowledge, 
in the courts of N. Y. Nothing ' 
has been decided on that.-

(TT): cOo you think that this 
sort of illegal act! vlty is more 
or less a general feature of all 
of the so-called New Left? In 
other words, from my own per-
sonal experience I would be a-
mazed to learn that that Is what 
is going on here at UCSD or at 
San Diego state or other cam-
puses as a general rule." 

(Luce): "Well, see, the prob- . 
lemls that what I think we have 
got to begin to do In this coun-
tryon all leve Is is kind of 
break out of our mold of think-
ing in the past. It's an amaze-
ment to me that the American 
people can begin to accept the 
technological changes that they 
have. ~y easlly-peo Ie going ~ 

to the moon and so on and so 
forth Is now as casually accepted 
as the man on the street. But 
when it comes to political events, 
we are still trying to operate 
out of the same mold as the 
'40's. 

The New Left Is not a cohes-
ive unit. The New Left is not 
all one branch of Communism. 
Neither is It two branches and 
a lot of people of the New Left 
are not Communists at a.ll. It's 
almost impossible anymore to 
talk about "The New Lect~ as 
if it were a single, cohesive 
unit. 

Just as an example, SDShas 
asked me to come and speak to 
them about the role of Progres-
sive Labor within SDS because 
they are concerned that PLP 
may very well take over SOS. 
It's a concern. For instance, 
at Ann Arbor two weeks ago at 
tile SDS convention, half of the 
delegates there were Progres-
sive Labor members. Now this 
could bode ill for them and they 
realize It in some chapters. 

Also, I think that a number of 
the young people that I've met 
of the New Left are concerned 
about, you know, things in this 
country, and they are people 
that I can sit down and talk with 
if they will talk because there's 
not this basic real antagonism. 
I don't thing that everyone in the 
New Left Is necessarily a Com-
munist. 

I don't think that everyone 
that's in the New Left is har-
boring arms or like that. The 
problem Is, it seems to me, that 
there are definitely groups and 
people that are working under 
the same general banner of "New 
Left- and who are engaged in 
violent action and are arming 
themselves. San Franciscostate 
is an example of people being 
arrested with possession of 
arms. 

And we have evidence down at 
stanford, for Instance, where 
there Is a group called the Red 
Guards which is an organization 
which you have to be asked to 

.TO'RREY PINES INS. AGENCY 
AUTO - LIFE - HOSPITALIZATION 

Good Student Discount 

SEE US FOR THE BEST 

1222 Pro peet St. - La Jolla 
459-4171 459-4172 

join and there is real evidence 
that they had purchased dynamite 
and guns over the summer. Now 
this kind of thillg goes out of 
the spectrum of any kind of 
gene ral dissent or anything like 
that. 

I am again worried that not just 
you but the people In general 
lump everybody that is in any 
kind of a protest movement or 
anything else Into the general 
category of the New Left and 
immediately make them Commu-
nists. I don't think that many of 
these kids are, but the prob-
lem Is that what is happening is 
that dissent in this country has 
now moved from the level of just 
talk into many levels of action 
which have become violent in 
many cases. 

It is really difficult to deal 
with and I think that we are 
seeing a polarization in this coun-
try and this polarization has to 
be viewed as III for any kind of 
anti-totalitarian aspect of the ru· 
ling body. II 

(TT): "Let me ask you this. 
There has been so much taik, 
say by Sam Yorty, for instance, 
saylng that the student move-
ments have been more or less 
taken over by ·Communist- con-
spirators. The Communists he 
pointed to were generally these 
old-line Communists of the style 
of the forties and the fifties who 
generally belonged to the CPUSA, 
and it's always struck me that 
most students have a disdain for 
the CPUSA. Do you think the 
CPUSA is really involved In this 
sort -of thing with, say, PLP?" 

(Luce): " I think that again 
this is only an assumption, that 
the CPUSA from their own pub-
lications at least have said that 
they have worked with and are 
working with any student New 
Left group they think It is pos-
sible to work with. 

Now the CPUSA's perception at 
this point of the revolution In the 
U.S. is not one of imlBdlate 
revolution. They have contended 
for the past year that many of 
the New Left groups are really 
anarchists In nature and left-
wing children with infantile left-
Ism. Therefore, I don't think 
they have worked with some oUhe 
groups because these groups are 
really too radical at this point 
for the CPUSA'sperceptionofthe 
problem. They are not too radi-
cal for PLP because PLP be-
lieves the revolution is now, is 
eminent. 

I thlnkthatthe CPUSA wi11 work 
with any group that it feels it 

(Cont. on page 5, eol. 1) 

" 

.. 

... 

. LUCE' 
(Cant. from page 4) 

can. It certainly has people in 
SDS because it feels that it can 
work with various sectors of 
$OS. . I just don't think that the 
party controls a lot of theM 
groups. I think that they ~re tO~J 
radical at this point for the 
party's control. They're not 
too radical however for PLP. 
Again, the number of people at 
the SDS conference In PLP was 
very hIgh. 

It is now good evidence that 
PLP has sent a number of peo-
ple into the Black Panthers. PLP 
in the East is working with BSU 
or wherever it can. 

It is the nature ota Communist 
organization, however, that when-
ever it sees anything being set 
up by relatively independentpeo-
pie it will atte mpt to move in, 
take it over, and control it. It 
is the nature of all totalitarian 
organizations to move in on any-
thing. -

(TT): "That would be my next 
question, one regarding the Black 
Revolution. The violence by the 
Blacks, although it may be egged 
on by these Communists is an 
inevitable result of their history 
here in the U.S. In other words, 
they are just now getting to a 
point where the psychological 
frustration is resulting in this 
violence and to what extent do 
you thing (a) the Communists, 
as you use the term, are ex-
ploiting this, and (b) how do you 
think that the New Left, the New 
Right, or any other groups to 
take the energy of the Black 
revolution and move towards con-
structive action?" 

(Luce): ·Well, again the Com-
munists will utilize any kind of 
a movement that they think has 
potential for them. There is 
a vast amount of evidence of 
Communist Infiuence in any num-
ber of so-called Black revolu-
tionary groups. RAM, for ex-
ample, is obviously controlled by 
a segment of Communists. 

The Black Panther Party does-
n't constantly send people to 
Cuba, for instance, without a per-
sonal interest in aligning ItseU 
directly with the Cubans. They 
don't carry news clips in their 
papers from China unless they 
are Interested in showing people 
that they directly have some re- ' 
lationship with the Chinese re-
volution. So and so forth. 

other student groups like the 
BSU are not controlled, in most 
cases at least, by somebody to 
whom you could say, "There's 
the Commie in the group. - in-
stead, I think over a period of time 
what they have begun to do is just 
accept this Inevitability theory 
that's been proposed to the Com-
munists for a long time. , 

~ 
and wbat 1 think that Black peo-
ple at that age were struggling 
for was a real sense of equal-
Ity, a real sense of doing some-
thing to create the conditions 
wherein Black people could have 
the same real rights as white 
people. 

That has broken down com-
pletely now. It is almost im-
possible to carryon any kind of 
dialogue even with Black people. 
The whole thing has closed off 
almost into two societies. Now 
this is a very dang~rous situ-
ation and the only people that 
can ever see any direct results 
from a breakdown of communi-
cation or any kind of a dialogue 
between the races or anything 
else have to be groups like the 
Communists, groups that are to-
talitarian and want to see this 
country really split asunder. 

I think U's a disaster when 
Black people have become as 
militant as they have, not be-
cause of the militancy, but be-
cause their goals are leading 
them nowhere. I 

It really doesn't make any 
difference to me if you have 
any number of Black history 
courses taught. It's an Irrela-
vent goal because just as you 
can't legislate laws to make peo-
ple acceptthemsel ves, so it does-
n't make any difference at all 
no matter how many courses you 
gave. 

It's also fooHshness of the 
"liberal mlnd,- which is the only 
term I can think of, to do such 
things as to create by fiat such 
things as saying at San Fernan-
do Valley state, ·Well, we have 
a number of Black people in the 
community that don't have the ed-
ucational qualifications to enter 
college, but It doesn't make any 
difference. we'll bring them In.-

I think that what has happened 
In the U.S. with the Black re-
volution, so-called, is probably 
the greatest disaster that's hap-
pened in years and the re~son I 
say that Is because I am old ' 
enough and have struggledenougb 
in my own small way as . did. O.K., fIDe, you brIDe tbem in 
I think, any number of other and wbat happens at places like 
people in the '50 's to bring about San Fernando Valley state. These 
what we considered at that time 0 people don't have the backgro~d, 
~---~ -.. --.. -~~. ---~~~--------~'----------

which Is the fault, In part, of 
society; it's not the Black per-
son's fault. But you bring them 
out of, let's say, the general 
ghetto onto the college campus. 
They can't handle the work but 
they're not supposed to be able 
to handle the work and they, In 
turn, create really and truly a 
"hot bed" there. They are not 
really concerned with school. 
They know that someone has giv-
en them this opportunity so on and 
so forth. That is where a lot of 
the trouble is coming from. 

It seems to me, again because 
what you are trying to do is sim-
ply legislate, you are trying to 
say "Well, we will take these peo-
pre and change them overnight, we 
will take this college curriculum 
and change it overnight, and 
everything will be alright.' Well, 
it's not and what I worry aboutls 
that as the Black people on the 
campuses , just as an example, 
become more and more militant, 
so you now find on the campus a 
hardening of attitudes among any 
number of whites. 

I just don't see the gains at this 
point. I see all of the gains, as a 
matter of fact, that were fought 0 
for In the '50's which I thought 
were positive gains really being 
beaten to death now for absurd 
things. 

The Black history courses are 
interesting and If people want to 
take them, fine, but to make this 
the Bible Issue is ridiculous and 
it has also shown in places like 
S.F. state, for instance, where 
they have created a number of 
issues which are really not the 
issues at all. 

Hayakawa some time ago re-
lented to most of the major de-
mands with the exception of 
bringing back Murray. Well, if 
Murray is the issue, then It seems 
to me this shows that there are 
no real issues, that they are 
thinking them up as they go along 
and just as at Columbia, they do 
not want any solutions to the is-
sues. They want to create gen-
eral anarchy on that campus. 

I don't think Murray should be 
allowed to teach there because I 
don't really believe you can go 
around advocating that Black pe~ 
pIe carry guns on the campuses 
and still consider yourself to be 
dealing with the University struc-
ture. It seems to me to be totally 
allen to the concept of the Univer-
sity. The people that are advo-
cating violence and are contend-
ing that nothing can be changed 
except through violence, and so 
on and so forth, are not only de-
stroying the essence of the uni-
versity but are destroying reaJ!y 
the essence of this country." 
Ed. Note: Part n of this in-
terview will appear in next week's 
Issue, and w111deal with Vietnam, 
the Draft, Fascism, and other 
unrelated topics. 

ARNYMESA 
VOLKSWAGEN 

, 4970 I kearny me.,sa road 
san diego 279-7100 

INCIDENT IN THE STREETS 

The Roamin' Collars, pictured above, will appear in cncert at 
the Coffee Hut next Friday, January 24th, at 7:~0. 

A folk group who s ing a varied brand of music from traditional 
folk misic and folk rock to light parodies and contemporary message 
music the Roamin' Collars are currently on tour through the West . 

The' group is composed of four seminarians from the Paulist 
Fathers Seminary in Washington, D.C. 

Playterinvents the first-day tampon'" 
(We took the inside out 
to show you how diJIerent it is.) 
Outside: it's softer and silky (not cardboardy). 
lnside: it's so extra absorbent ... it even prote<:ts on 
yourfintday. Yourworstdayl 

In every lab test against the old cardboardy kind . .. 
the Playtcx tampon was always more absorbent. 
Ac:tually 4S % more absorbent on the a erage 
than the leading regular tampon. 

Because it's different. ActUally adjusts to )'OIL 
It ftowen out. Huffs out. Designed to protect every 
inside inch of you. So the chance of a mishap 
Is almost,zerol .,. . j."---J '"' ~~r:-in the past? · ~ playre . 

~n1POii 
~~ 



't 

-~ 

JANUARY 17 1969' ., 

Your Health and You 

WHALE OF A SHOW THAT 
IN A BURSTING PANORAMA" CECil SMITH LA. r_ 

Tuesday Ihrough Thursday a18:30 ........ $7.50.. $".50 ...... $550 
Sunday al 3;00 and 7 30 ............ $7.50 ...... $6.50 ..... 5550 
Friday al 8 :30 .. ............ $8.50 ...... $7.50... $6.50 
Salurday at 6:30 and 10 30 .......... $8 50 ...... $7.50 ..... $6.50 

NO PERFORMANCES ON MONDAY BOX OFFICE OPEN 7 DAYS 

STUDENT DISCOUNT 
WITH 10 CARO-$2.00 OFF REG. PRICES 

Good Tues -ThufS 8 30, Sal £) 30, Sun J 00 PM 
Sublec:t 10 A'iallabllily AquariUS Theater BOlt OfhclI Only. 

Tlckels at Southern Californ ia MU SIC Co , 637 So HIli St I all Mutual and 
liberty TICket Agencltt5, TRS locations and AquariUS Box Ottlce 

Mall Orde,s Accep ted 

F:-:::: ~.de to time your Stu-
&!Ilt Health Director will scratch 
off a column. ThIs will be 
aimed at raising your health 
awareness quotient by answering 
the most commonly asked ques-
tions and passing on a few pearls 
from the medical literature or 
other ideas picked up in the out-
side world of medical practice. 

Perhaps the columns w1ll pro-
vide base for diGcussions in group 
sessions which could very effect-
ive ly replace the lost health edu-
cation courses of the past. 

Somehow in the evolution of 
the education prace ss, the fact 
was forgotten that students do 
ultimately graduate and become 
just like people and go out into 
the world as members of famil-
ies and communities with all the 
attendent health problems. 

The health matters now become 
important, and our former stu-
dent well versed in theoretical 
phystcs and Marx finds he is 
short on health knowledge and 
perspective in his new role as 
partner, parent, and citizen, as 
well as an important individual 
with a future at stake. 

The old courses of "health edu-
cation" have been discarded as 
ineffectual in getting the message 
across on the subject of care 
for the carcass, as wellas giving 
some insight into understanding 
of the basis of medicine with 
its progress that the student 
will observe during his lifetime. 

These courses were dropped 
because of apparent lack of stu-
dent interest, and the establish-
ment was advised that perhaps 
some subtle approach might be 
acceptable to the average student, 
but don't call it "health educa-
tion"! At that time the com-
petition among the educational 
,fields became intense with each 
trying to capture more of the 
student's attention and time and 

HELP! 

Earn between $20 - $35 per 
week, work ing part time on 
your campus. Become a c am-
pus represelltatlve for VISA, 
all Internationa l Student Mar-
keting Corporation . No se iling 
Involved. 

Contact 
VISA Sales Center 

1434 Westwood Boulevard 
los Angeles, California 

90024 
.J 

the exposure to health subjects 
was crowded out of the curri-
cula. 

We of the older generation often 
refer to "in my day", but bear 
with one more reference; I can't 
recognize physics, chemistry, or 
biology texts as representing the 
same subjects I was exposed to 
and supposedly mastered. His-
tory has been added to, poUti-
cal boundries bave changed, I 
can't say a decent sentence in 
German after passing a "pro-
ficiency test" and on and on --
rut the basic concepts of health 
have changed but l1ttle --- and 
anatomy not at all! 

Naturally academicians argue 
the value of higher education to 
be a matter of learning to think 
and reason with factual learning 
of secondary importance. But, 
there is nothing against gathering 
a few fact s and understandings 
that might be of future value - - -

A few years ago, a university-
wide conference was held on this 
subject of health education. Much 
pseudo-sophisticated discussion 
resulted and actually a majority, 
all academic types, decided that 
this subject should be taught in 
the junior high level and was 
beneath the dignity of a univer-
sity. How about that ! So, here 
we are in this modern age, gra-
duating people right and left who 
know more about the society they 
live in than the bodies they live 
in. 

We who are charged with help-
ing the student to stay well and 
effective during his college year s 
have to limit our health educa-
tion efforts to individual brief 
conferences. No wonder some of 
you feel "picked on" when we 
try to pound in a few ideas to 
prevent illness, it has to be blunt 
and quick, because opportunltyis 
fleeting. 

Any physician or nurse worthy 
of the title and position become s 
frustrated when lim Ited only to 

. attempts to treat illness. Me-
dicine is larger than that, and 
since the days of Hippocrates 
the first consideration in treat-
ment is "prevention" , so don't 
be i~atlent with us if we seem 
to s ress that aspect and appear 
unimpressed with your present 
symptoms or illness. _ _ _ 

J TraveL ................•..•..... 13 
- I ._ 

6TH ANNUAL EUIIOPfJETfUGHlS 

$275 Iound-trip ' ... m 10. Angel. 
Y_ -'round d..,-, .. from 210 
12 ...... 
SI'ECIAlSPtIING OUAmlFUGHT 
Mardt so'June9-LA./t-.-Am .... ./ 
LA. • $255. All fl..... vio U.S. 
c:.rtiIIcoted Airi ...... 
WDrid Allain 0 .. - 4:w6 Ov.,.-
lo...t Ave. Culver City (213) 83a. 
9329, 139.2A la. ·----~---------------- I 

f=1 ~~~~~~::::::::=:::::::::::::::::::=::=::::=:::::::::::::::::::::=::::::::::=:::=-:::::::::::-:E:-::::::E:==:-II ~ 
969 SUBARU 360 WIN a Subaru for a week!! \ : I 

$ 1,297 p. o. e. 66 mpg 

to i, I 
, GIVI: IT a NAMI: I!: 

COWNIAL OWSMOBILE 
7837 flfA4Iitd AfltIfII.t 

J.a ~oIJ.4, ~ 
454-7137 . JOE ALLDREDGE 

college represent~~ive 

Drop off your entry at the 1'riton Times Offic~. 
Contest ends Feb. 21st. 

By Dr. Watson 
We have lost a few hundred 

people from this institution in 
the last five years because they, 
by choice or neglect, ignored the 
importance of their health. This 
is a great loss to society, be-
cause many of these people never 
get back on the educational track. 

All ot this brings us back to 
a reference to an article and 
group discussions as a token at-
tempt to disseminate some health 
knowledge. We w1ll try to handle 
subjects in the articles that have 

seemed to need more understand-
ing in the past few years on 
this campus. 

New medical discoveries that 
apply to practical health matters 
w1ll be discussed and there w1ll 
be repetition of some familiar 
themes, (a proven method ofMa-
dison Avenue) like what's wrong 
with a little smoke. Naturally 
there will be fact and comment 
on such pastime s as pot-puffing 
for those knuckle-heads who 
make it a way of life and those 
who practice all night studying. 

This journalistic endeavor 
won' t win a Pulltzer prize but 
will be considered successful if 
itstimulatessome interest in the 
subject of health matters, brings 
out some suggestions on how to 
approach it on this campus or 
just preCipitates a "Dear Abby" 
type of golum!l. 

KIOSK 
A WRITER'S WORKSHOP IS NOW 
forming. The workshop whicli 
will soon begin meeting in Car-
dlff, will be of a casual natu re 
with no charge. Jim BeU, who 
has also founded a writers' group 
in Long Beach, said -The purpose 
of the group is to enable writers 
and those interested in writing 
to exchange criticism and ideas 
about their work. If For further 
information call 753-6940. 

ANYONE ABLE TO PLAY THE 
recorder with more than begin-
ning sk ill is invited to join the 
recorder group which will meet 
regularly on Sunday nights at 
7:00 p.m. at the home of Dr. 
Ralph Lewin, 8481 Paseo Del 
Ocaso, starting next quarter. For 
further information call 454-
7352. 

The Committee for Arts and 
Lectures at the University of 
California, San Diego, will pre-
sent Guitarist Oscar Ghiglia on 
Friday, January 17, at 8:30 p.m. 
at Sherwood Hall in La Jolla. 

Personal 
Student 
Advisor 

Jerry : I didn 't under-
stand a word you said 
last night. Only sobbing 
and screaming .Why not 
fly home on PSA and 
we'lI talk this out like 
mature college fresh-
men. Love, Me. 

p. S All you have 10 do is 
phone your campu rep: 

Susan Gram lie 
222-2572 

San Francisco, Oakland or 
San Jose. $19.85. Sacu-
mento , $21 .59. L.A or Holly' 
wood-Burbank , $635 Super 
727 Jets. PSA gives you a Iitl 

, \ 

. 

Stan Rose Molds 
Swi~ming Squad 

c ....... o •• 
.o-sR.coni 

The UCSD varsity cagers con-
by Pat Smith tlnued their winning ways over 

The UCSD Intercollegiate Swim the hol1days, winning the Clans-
Team initiated its second year man Classic tournament and los-

Ing to USD in the finals of the 
of competition with a meet against Cal Western Tournament. 
Cal state- Fullerton and Redlands 
last Saturday. Although the Tri- The Tritons scored a big up-

set victory over number one 
tons were handed a disappoint- ranked NAU In the first round 
ing double loss, the perior mances 
were encouraging. of the Cal Western Tourney, 

Under the expert coaching of held Dec. 19, 20, and 21. They 
stan Rose, the team expects to came back with a 90-85 vic-
post a more successful season tory over Alma College the next 
than they did last year. Coach night, but lost to USD 62-80 
Rose will draw from his coach- in the finals. 
ing experience at USC UCLA The Tritons then went on to 
and in AAU age group swimming. I win the Clansman Classic (Jan. 
His experience in gymnastics (as ' 3 and 4), held iI! British Co-
1964 women's Olympic gymnas- ! Iumb!a. Coach Nell Stoner, com-
tics coach) as well as diving I menhng on the 82-73 v.ictory over 
should also insure greater , ~imon Fraser in. the fmals, said, 
strength in diving than there was ' Our game agamst Simon Fra-
last year. ser was one of our ,~st per-

Complimenting last year's formances of the year. 
crew are several promising stoner cited, Da.ve Kiefer (F) 
freshmen including Don Mart- I and Bob DeSjardInS (G), both 
iDell1 (fly, intermediate) and Bob I all- tourney players for both tour-
Grove (tree sprint, breast). Un- ' neys, for their fine play, and 
fortunately, the team wlll be hard I ~ade special mentlon .. ~ Bm 
pressed to make up for the loss lately. stoner said, lately 
f UCSD' I NAlA fl II t i i gave the ve ry best performance 

o s so e na s n I for our and any team in my 
swimming, Kevin McCoy. I opinion (in the Simon Fraser 

With stan Rose in the coach's game) and why he didn 't make 
seat for a team composed pre- all-to~rney Is beyond me." He 
dominately freshmen and sopho- also credited Ed Babeuch with 
mores, the squad entertains a a very strong performance. 
bright hope for future growth, Since then the team posted 
development and improvement. a revenge 75-70 victory over 

Anyone inte rested in intercol- USD Cal Lutheran and Cal 
legiate swi~ming who hasn't yet West~rn. ' 
come out IS urged to do so. The team will play UC River-

~a~~. the P. E. Office at Ext. side tomorrow at 8:00 p.m. in 
an away game. 

Frosh Cagers Off 
The UCSD fre shman basketball 

team is off to a disappointing 
2-6 start on their 1968-69 sea-
son. Coach Barry Cunningham 
said, "The team just isn't reali-
zing their potential yet." 

Cunningham said that the team 
has pretty good shooting, but that 
the defense is inconsistent and 
too many turnovers have resulted 
from over-passing. 

The normal starting line-up 
for the frosh Includes KelUson 
and Waddell at forward, Turner 
and Kroger at guard, and Arter · 

_ at center. 

The season thus far has gone 
as follows: UC Irvine (L), Cal 
Tech (W), Mira Costa (L), Sad-
dleback (L), University of San 
Diego (L), Cal Lutheran (W), 
San Diego state (L), and Cal 
Western (L). 

With 16 games left to play, 
Coach Cunningham thinks the 
team wUl improve as the sea-
son continues. "The season is 
only one third over," said Cun-
ningham, "and I'm sure we will 
do better during the winter quar-
ter." 

SPORTS 
SHORTS 

Rugby 
The UCSD rugby team opens 

its third season here tomorrow 
against the Westerners. Coac h 
Herb Ludwig has great hopes 
for this season. For one thing, 
the 30-;:man turnout is ove r twice 
last year' s turnout. 

Another reason for optimism is 
a fine cast of returnees including 
Steve Graf, John Foster, Peter 
Wasdorf and John Gubert to bol-
ster the team. Promising new 
players are Mike Sinclair, a Can-
adian from Nova Scotia, and Llbo, 
a star wing from Yale. 

Students interested in coming 
out for intercollegiate rugby are 
invited to come out to the soc-
cer field by the gym in the after-
noon. 

Crew 
PMpie interested in being oars-

men or cox swains on the Tri-
ton crew team please contact 
Coach Al Povey, Ext. 2285, or 
leave a message in the P.E. of-
fice. Crew, a spring sport en-
tering its second season, must 
build a team essentiaUy from 
scratch. With twelve men now 
out for crew, there are openings 
for at least eight more. 

"'S Weet,. 
I.f, ••• ,., Sp.rts 

The intramural basketball par-
tiCipation for the winter quarter 
has shown the greatest increase 
in recent years with thirty-three 
tea ms registered for play in dorm 
and open leagues. 

The intramural office offers 
eleven activities for undergrads, 
grads, faculty and university 
e mployees duringthe winter term. 
A schedule of starting dates and 
roster dead-lines may be obtaine 
from the intramural office by 
calling Ext. 2282 and asking for 
information to be sent. 

A note to par ticipants in the 
fall quarter handball and women' s 
tennis programs. January 31 will 
be the dead-Une for completion 
of games in these two sports , 
so try to complete your schedule. 
The dead-line date for comple-
tion of men's tennis wlll be Feb-
ruary 28. 

Co-ed activities as s hown in 
the intramural handbook for the 
winter quarter will begin on the 
dates indicated. 

~a -ru..J '1 JaY) . ( 8 The I 
" f]la+e"l I s,+u r f lB lue s 
IDa" J.II 

k,'OW1'\ as . iJ,,02. 
!'e>ar" 1D 00" ~ r\d -r" 
Co~e- Hv+. 

JANUARY 17, 1969 Pace 7 

Mahnen at All-Cal 
The UCSD Tritons hosted the 

All Cal Wrestling Tournament, 
which was attended by UC Davis , 
UC Santa Barbara, UC River-
side, and UC San Diego last Sa-
turday. After a slow first round 
in which the Tritons only man-
aged to win two matches , the 
local grapplers picked up the 
pace earning five second places. 

steve Lieberman (1l5lbs.), Bob 
Wilson (130 Ibs.), Phil Costello 
(160 lbs.), Fred Grunewald (167 
Ibs.), and Ed Couverette (heavy-
weight) received second place 
awards. 

Overall, the Tritons scored 65 
points, which was good for third 
place. 

The tournment winner was a 
surprisingly strong Davis team 
which scored 167 points, followed 
by Santa Barbara with 91 points. 
UC Riverside scored 55 points. 
The Tritons were much improved 
over their previous showing at 
the All Cal Tournament last year 
which was held at Davis. 

The overall impression of the 
coaches at the tournament was 

No matter 

that all four participating teams 
had improved greatly, as was 
evidenced by the many fine indi-
vidual performers who attended 
the meet. The approximately 
300 spectators attending the meet 
saw some furious competition, 
especially in the 145 lb. division. 

Coach Chuck Millenbah, UCSD 
Wrestling Coach praised two Tri-
ton competitors for their -excep-
tionally fine job. ' According to 
Millenbah the two most sur-
pnsmg performances were 
turned in by Fred Grunewald at 
167, and Ed Couverelte wrestling 
heavyweight. For their perform-
ance both earned outstanding 
wrestler of the week awards. 
Millenbach also stated that credit 
must be given to Bob Nemcik 
who had to compete in the tough 
145 pound division. 

UCSD sport fan s will get an 
opportunity to see the Triton 
wrestlers in action again next 
Saturday at 1:00 p.m. in the UCSD 
Gymnasium against Azusa Pa-
cific. All students will be ad-
mitted free. 

how you get here ••• 
we're close by I 
K&e'p your money where It's safe ... easy to get to and use ... wlm a 
checking account and savings account at San Diego's oldest and 
largest local bank. We lend money, too ... for almost any worthwhile 
purpose. (Our auto loan rates are especially low.) So ... scoot by 
todayl Sout/tern California First National is the only bank In La Jolla 
Shores. Our friendly staff is especially trained to serve college men 
and women. 

Southern 
CALIFORNIA FIRST 
National Bank 

LA JOLLA SHORES OFFICE 

FEATURING: 
UNCHARGEABLE 

CHECKING ACCOUN'I 
4.5 AUTO LOANS 

2256 Avani:jd de la Playa/La Jolla, California 92038 
. ,Phone: 294-4440 Walter G. Robertson, Manager 

THE 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF 

COllEGE STU DENTS 
anno1lnces 

COllEGE STUDENTS 
AUTOMOBilE 

INSURANCE PROGRAM 
Under 21 yr. old $51.00 Semi· nnualfy 
Over21 yr. old $40.00 Semi·Annually 

(for qualified students) 
Even lower rate for married & females 

Does your policy give you All of these benefits for a - Iowa pre· 
mium? 
1. 20% DISCOUNT . . sc holastic 
2. 10% DISCOUNT .... on renewal 
3. Monthly paym nt 
4. NO CANCELLATIO S due to drrving record 
5. SPORTS CAR .... no additional charge 
6. NOONEDE LlNEDTHISSTUDE T PON ORI::OPROGR M. 
This is a special pro~ram fo r Calif. College Students Only 

For immediate service and inforrr:i1t;,)H ~ull 

CALIFORNIA COllEGE STUDENT PROGRAM 
2223 Et Caion Blvd. San Diego 

291-4335 



WOOOEN 
IJESK 
.:JANIZER 
2.88 

.G9 S E T 

SHESHAM WOOD OF IND IA 

JEWELRY BOX 

PAPER TIFFANY LANTERNS, d,~~~ 
FROM 1.99 A 

AS SORTED COLORS, DESIGN S 
AND SIZES 

MULTI-PURPOSE 
RACKS 
.69 

PICNIC BASKET 

LIGHT WEIGHT, STURDY 

ENAMEL 
CANISTERS 

AND SOLID 
COLORS 

2.99 
SET OF FOUR 

SMA~L 
, !1/2X 14X5 1/2 " 

$1.76 
$2.46 

OTHERS' $3,52 

C ARVED FROM ONE PIECE OF WOOD 

FOLDING BOOK HOLDERS 
F R O M .66 

WHITE PORCELAIN 
FIVE PIECE SETTING 

TABIS FOR 
LOUNGING 

7-8 1,'1. 59 CENTS 
9-1 t 82 CENTS 

WHITE, BL.ACK, 
BLUE, REO, AND 
YELL-OW 

"1_:; , .. ' . 
.. ", ~.~. , .. ~ .• --:, .-

" ~ :, :::;U ~ .. ).~~> 
....... ;.:- : .. ...:.t:: ',':: • ,-...!-. ~~~~~!~:;:::~iL~~: 
:-:_;'~ ......... ,_:,. ::.:-1'.~. '-'~,: 
~,: -~ ,.::. .... -"~.' ''' --, ~ 
:. : .... ~ ,' _ 00:.: -.... ~.~ ~ -:: ... 
:;-;:7.~~)~.~' ~~.:~ 

~ 

FROM INDIA 
HANDMADE 
CREWEL1l 
EMBROIDERY 

cBAGS 
MADE OF JUTE, 

WOOL, AND 

3.99 fA flX16" 

BEADS .85 CENTS 

T OO L"TE F O R THe 
CA III'P" IGN t BUT Ju s-r 

O N T I ME F OR T H E 
S AFAR I 

G REEN 

B L U E 

BLACK 

I 
: 1 CA MPA l S J CH/·, I~ 
I.i..i 1.1.98 

WHITt: SI\FARI CHAIR 
14.98 

COST L ESS LA JOLLA - C ORNER OF IVANHOE & PROSPECT 459-3671 HOURS 
COST L ESS SAN DIEGO - WASHI NGTON ST . TURN OFF H I G H W A Y 5 297 - 44 19 

e 
MON . THRU FR I. 10 A . M . TO 9 P . M . V HOURS SAT . A N D S UN . "A . M . TO , P . M . 

erything under the SUN 
SORR Y, NO C . o . D . OR M AI L. ORDERS 

M RCHA ND I SE S U B J ECT TO STOC K O N HAND 

o 

D lRECTORS CHAIR 
S TARS AND STRIPES 
G IRAFFE 
DAI S Y 

14.98 

13.98 

10 A . M . TO 6 P . M . EVER YDAY 


