
Strike Escalates at Berkeley -
Police LT ear Gas Students 

Violence erupted on the Ber-
keley campus yesterday in a 
dramatic escalation of the stu-
dent strike that up until this 
week had proceeded relatively 
slowly. 

Local newspapers described 
Wednesday's activities, in which 
24 arrests were made during a 
melee in which some 60 pOlice 
clubbed and maced students, as 
the worst violence on the Ber-
keley campus ever. However, 
Wednesday's action seemed mi-
nor in comparison to yesterday's 
police action. 

Throughout the day police and 
students had participated in mi-
nor skirmishes. However, when 
rock-throwing began, the police 
began releasing cannisters of 
tear gas on the crowd, which 
numbered in the neighborhood of 
3000. This number included stri-
kers as well as bystanders; es-
timates of the picket lines earlier 
in the day ran as high as 1000. 

After a police helicopter ar-
rived to direct operations, the 
police advanced through Sather 

gate. They moved In three 
fianks, disper$ing the crowd and 
releasing more tear gas. 

Tom Baker and Clay Ander-
son, reporters from the Triton 
Times covering the Regents 
meeting, were eye-witnesses to 
the violencs. They escaped from 
the scene by hopping a huge 
wall, after a cannister of tear 
gas had exploded 10 feet away. 
Baker reported that several per -
sons were beaten "indiscrimin-
ately" by the police. The usual 
method, he said, was first to 
rip off the victim's shirt, then 
physically beat with billy clubs. 

Late yesterday afternoon the 
police were still cordoning off 
the area, and several fires were 
raging on Telegraph Avenue. 
There was little action on cam-
pus since the police had launch-
ed a final massive assault which 
had pretty well cleared the area. 
At nightfall a huge cloud of 
blue smoke hung over the plaza 
from the tear gas. 

By virtue of Governor Rea-
gan's declaration several weeks 
ago that the Berkeley campus was 

in a "state of emergency", the 
Alameda County Sheriff is di-
recting operations on campus. 
He has declared any gathering of 
more than six students to be il-
legal. 

Charlie Palmer, the ASUC 
President at Berkeley, and David 
Kennister of the Radical Students 
Union, have both predicted that 
the National Guard will be called 
in by tomorrow at the latest. 

The Regents meeting will be 
meeting in open session tomor-
row and the students will prob-
ably concentrate their efforts 
on disrupting that meeting. Yes- , 
terday nearly 1000 students con-
verged on Univer sity Hall where 
the Regents were meeting in Ex-
ecutive sess ion, but the police 
advanced en masse to break up 
the crowd. At least one window 
was broken in the building. 

Meanwhile, the strike contin-
ues . The TA's, faculty mem-
bers, and members of the staff 
who are on strike have been 
notified by the Chance llor that 
they are subject to termination 
of their contract. 

Volume 6, Issue 6 February 21, 1969 
Universit'y of California, San DieQo 

Marines Arrive on Campus, 
~h!:~e! ~ !~m~ ~o~at!o~l ~r~t~ ed T 0 day 
the Matthews Campus and are marine recruiting. 
trying to reclaim their officers Dean Murphy defends them on 
quarters, that is, building 250. different grounds. Last year the 
This building has been in the pos- UCSD faculty endor sed the con-
session of students and admini- cept of an " open campus" to 
strators for a year but the calm recruiting agents from all fields . 
is about to be punctured as the 
marine force makes its attempted 
invasion. 

Actually the situation isn't 
~u ite so uramatic. The marine 
force is really a recruiting of-
ti",:' r and the forces attempting 
to rept:! ·his presence are stu-
dents who feel that ma.rines have 
no place recruiting on a college 
campus. 

Since the beginning of the week 
SDS has been distributing leaf-
lets calling for a termination 
cf military recruitment. They 
have speCifically asked that the 
invitation extended to the mar-
ines to recruit on campus today 
be withdrawn. Dean Murphy has 
not withdrawn the invitation, how-
ever, and, if the marines don't 
meet with any interference from 
student groups they should be on 
campus as planned. 

SDS feels that the marines 
should not be allowed to recruit 
on campus because they are a 
counter-democratic force in the 
world which are used to "sup-
press popular governments in 
underdeveloped countries like 
Vietnam and the Dominican Re-
public." SDS feels that the Mar-
ines are used to protect Ameri-
can economic interests in other 
parts of the world and that in 
so doing the freedom and lives 
of these people are being vio-
lated. 

Radical students feel that the 
university cannot be a sanctuary 
from the world situation. What is 
happening In the world affects 
the university and SDS contends 
that Marines are affecting the 
world in an adverse manner. 
Because of this feeling of in-
volvement of the university in 
world affairs and the SDS ac-
cusation of the Marines as a 
counter democratic force, they 
are planning some type of de-

Also the AAUP, American As-
sociation of University Profes-
sor s, and the ACLU have pub-
licly defended the right of agen-
cies to recruit on campus. He 
feels that it would be an abridge-
ment of freedom of speech not 
to allow the marines to recruit. 
He also said that this is a career 
opportunity available to students 
and any student should be allowed 
to see the marine recruiters if 
he wants to. 

. With sadness and a deep sense 
of personal loss we must report 
that Valentin Quoidbach, of the 
Class of 1971, was killed Sat-
urday night in an automobIle ac-
cident on Torrey Pines Road. 
Craig Swanson, a passenger, was 
injured, though not seriously, and 
is confined in the Scripps Mem-
orial Hospital. 

In the short history of our 
college, Val was known for his 
concern for its academic distinc-
tion and the welfare of its stu-
dents. He took part in discus-
sions which led to significant 
improvements in t~e life of the 
college. 

As a member of the Student 
Committee on Educational Po-
licy, he acted as a medium of 
communication between the stu-
dent body and the faculty. 

As President of Portola Hall, 
he worked for greater student 
involvement in the affairs of the 
college. 

Val was the worthy heir of 
great traditions and left to us 
a legacy of dedication and ser-
vice to excellence. He wlll be 
greatly missed. 

John L. Stewart; Provost, Muir 
Alan C. Batchelder; Dean 

When asked if he would give 
the Fr iends of the Resistance an 
office in the same building, he 
said that he would not because 
they were not a recruiting agency. 

Dean Murphy has said that he 
will do whatever possible under 
the authority of his office to en-
force the right of the marines 
to be on campus. He said that 
there are three regu lations which 
students may violate if they try 
to interfere with the recruiting 
procedures. They deal with (1) 
substantial interference of aca-
demic or administrative pr o-
cedures , (2) physical abuse of 
university property, (3) failure 
to obey the directive of a uni-
versity administrative officer. 

McGill to Receive 
Student Petition 

A group of students at UCSD 
circulated a petition yesterday 
voicing support for Chancellor 
McGill in his handling of the 
Marcuse matter. Some 900 -
1000 signatures were obtained 
during the 24-hour time per-
iod during which it was cir-
culated, and Bob Munk flew to 
Berkeley Thursday evening to 
deliver the petition to McGill. 

The petition read as follows: 
"We, the undersigned members 
of the UCSD community, wish 
to affirm our support of the 
leadership of Dr. William J. 
McGill as Chancellor of this 
campus of the University of Cal-
ifornia." The need for suctt 
a petition was seen becaus of 
the considerable pre ssure that 
McGill has received in con-
nection with the rehiring of Dr. 
Marcuse • 

Munk was met at the airport 
by AS President Tom Shepard 
who, with McGill, will decide how 
the petition can best be put to 
use. 

Students confront McGill; see stor y on page 4 
, 

~Regents Meet Today-
May Disc uss Marcuse 

Today at 1:45 p.m. the Board 
of Regents will meet once again 
in open session at Univer sity 
Hall, across the street from the 
Berkeley campus. This meeting 
is likely to be the scene of mas-
sive protest demonstrations, and 
a possible overturning of Chan-
cellor McGill's decision to re-
hire Dr . Herbert Marcuse is 
foreseen. 

Yesterday, the Committee on 
Educational Policy met for six 
hours in executive session, an 
almo.:>t unprecedented occur-
r ence. These meetings are clos-
ed to the press and are held to 
discuss per sonal matters. The 
two items on Thursday' s agenda 
were honorary degrees and per-
sonnel. 

Assemblyman John Stull, who 
has called for McGill's dismis-
sal, testified befor e the com-
mittee for near ly a half hour . 
At a press conference he held 
after he emerged from' the meet-
ing, Stull stated that the Regents 

had been receptive to his demauu 
to fire Mar cuse, and somewhat 
less so to firing McGill. 

McGill was non-commital upon 
emerging from the massive se-
cret session. The only comment 
he would make to either the 
Triton Times or AS President 
Tom Shepard was that Stull had 
called for Marcuse's dismissal. 

Finally, the CEP held a short 
open meeting, which proved to be 
less than spectacular. ~o a word 
was mentioned about Marcuse. 

The usual procedure at Re-
gents meetings is for the re-
specUve committees to report 
ma ters they have discussed to 
th~ full board, which meets today. 
Therefore, it is almost a fore-
gone conclusion that the Marcuse 
matter will be brought up and 
decided upon once and for all. 
Of course, the possibility al-
ways remains that a committee 
will be appointed to further in-
vestigate the matter. Another 
possibility is that at this point 
Chancellor McGill would resign. 

P .E. De partntent 
Clarif ies Situation 

Dear Editor: 
The Depar tment of Physical 

Edueation can offer a swift end 
to the controver sy that sur rounds 
the future of intercollegiate ath-
letics on this campus. That is, 
to s imply let the student body 
decide as suggested by the Chan-
ce llor, on what direction the pro-
gram shou ld take. 

The students themselves have 
always had the final say in all 
of our activity cour ses offered, 
as we ll as each of the 19 inter-
collegiate sports available in the 
total progr am. In no instance 
has a s ingle activity been in-
itiated by the department, as 
seems to be the general view-
point expressed in r ecent stu-
dent publications. Students by 
petition or group action have 
always initiated th for mation of 
athletic teams. 

In fact, the only time this 
department would attempt to 
thwart student demands would be 
if they should want to begin a 
" big time" athletic program as 
sugge ted by Mr. Ham in his 
lette r to th Chancellor and in-
timated by the faculty in the Dep-
artment of Literature. If this 
should ever corne about, then tn-
deed a true "athletic depar t-
m nt" separate from physical 
education would have to be cre-
ted , for we would not want to 

be a part of such a progr am. 
We fee l moderate pr ogram 

of int r coll giate athletics, in 
con junction with a strong pro-
gram of intramural and int r-
college 5 rts , Is healthy ap-
proach to th probl m. 

In order to take thi course, 
we find the major problem is 
one of scheduling institutions that 
adhere to the principles of com-
plete amateurism, that have ap-
proximately the same admissio!l 
standard, and have about the 
same undergraduate enrollm~nt. 

The best assurance of schedul-
ing within these categories is 
to become a member of a con-
ference with other colleges and 
universities sub cribing in fact 
to these sam belief. 

Presently, UCSD competes as 
an independent (no conference af-
filiation) and for the most part 
against small, pr ivate church-
related institutions and then only 
in a very limited number of 
sports. Ironically these same 
institutions refuse to schedule 
us beyond 1970 because of our 
projected growth in under-
graduate enrollment. 

A word about the "coaches" 
and the so- called athletic depart-
ment: supervisors of physical 
education are emploYl'd as highly 
profes ional teacher s extremely 
competent in their chc en fields. 
Th yare academic >mployees 
(non- nate) 'ubject 01 the sam 
reviews and promotional roce-
dur a th PIOIPC; onal ert • 
Th yare not paiolLr "coaching," 
nor are th mem r of a 
separate "athl tic depar tment" 
Further, ther I:. nothing in the 
acad mic m nual stating that 
"co ching" athletic teams i a 
part of their r sponsibility. 

We ~ e1 that the Depar tm nt on 
this campu should s rve the 

continu d on page 2 



'a •• 2 February 21, 1969 
~~--------~-----~E~ Letter Co.tillued 
Marine Discrimination Violates Civil Liberties needs and meet the ..desires of the students. If tbe general feeUng is one of apathy toward some existing 

inter collegiate sports, they 
should be eliminated. 

Many American coll-!ges and universitles are currently confronting 
a major controversy with respect to the use of campus facilities by 
corporations and government agencies for discussion with students 
concerning career recruitment. In some instances, the disruption 
caused by demonstrations against the presence of particular recruiters 
01\ college grounds has led institutions to rescind temporarily their 
invitallons to controversial recruiters and to re-examine their trad-
tional policy of extending Invitations to accredited agencies on a non-
discriminatory basis. 

The complexity of the problem is reflected in the differences of 
opinion within the academic community concerning the university's 
role with relation to recruitment. The American Civil Liberties 
Union has given careful attention to the many aspects of this contro-
versy in an effort to understand and determine where the civil lib-
erties and academic freedom Issues lie. We offer the following con-
clusions. 

On-campus career recruitment is essentially a service to students 
and not central to the educational purposes olthe university. Therefore, 
college and university officials may deCide, as a matter of institutional 
poUcy, to refuse the use ot their facilities to all recruiting agents of 
any category without infringing on the basic precepts of academic free-
dom or civil liberties. 

On the other hand, if the established policy of the institution permits 
outside recriutment, it is incumbent on the administration, In the 
interests of academic freedom, to assure that facilities are made 
available, without discriminatiort, to the representatives of any com-
mercial firm or government agency, including the military, invited 
to the campus for that purpose by any authorized administrative, 
faculty or student group. The same rules and regulations that normally 
govern the appearance of outside invited persons on campus should 
prevail. 

The Union believes that any decision to exclude some recrUiters, 
arising primarily from a political controversy, poses questions of 
civil liberties interest. Whether based on the imposition of an ideo-
logical test, concern for the physical safe ty of its students, dis-
ruption of the orderly processes of the institution, or protection of 
students from the threat of reprisal by draft reclassWcation, the 
barring of accredited outside agencies strikes against the concept 
of the open university and the right of students to hear all points of 
view. 

Moreover, selective exclusions that deny students access to part-
icular recruiters are discriminatory in their application and suggest 
a possible infringement of the spirit of the equal protection clause of 
the Constitution. 

For these reasons , it is our judgment that no issues of civil lib-
erties are raised if an educational institution decides as a matter of 
policy to admit all accredited recruiting agents from the campus or 
to admit none, but a decision to admit some and exclude others would 
be discriminatory and an incursion into the basic principles of academic 
freedom. 

We also believe that free speech and academic freedom require 
that protests on campus relating to recruitment by any segment of 
the academic community should also be fully protected. This includes 
all forms of legitimate protest such as speeches, peaceful demon-
strations, picketing, rallles, etc. However, demonstrators who are 
moved by conscience or the intensity of their convictions to use means 

~~ EDITOR IN CHIE F ~ 
;~ John McCarthy ( 
l ' J • 

!! NEWS EDITOR MANAGING EDITOR If 
·l! steve Landau Chris Sheldon !~ 

l~ SPORTS EDITOR AD MANAGER r 
!~ Bob Gorby John Demirjian ~ • 

j:f FINE ARTS EDITOR FEATURE EDITOR , Paul Hamburg Tom Baker I PHOTOGRAPHY EDITOR COpy EDITOR '. Doug Easton Hayseed Gammon 
i' I :~l~:~a:~:TERS Clayton Anderson , Albert Elzas f Randy Ericson 
f~ Joel Goodman 
,$ Jeri Grayman 
< Fred Grunewald 

liS Eric Halgren 
Richard Harris 

I Portia La Touche ,$<: ! Kerwin Lebeis Dave Sacher man Larry Raful it John Sussman 
II .. -'-

PHOTOGRAPHERS 

Lenny Bourin 
Jay Kromschroeder 

GRAPHIC ARTS 

Rob Cohen 

CU'p"i L.REW 

Nancy Keys 
Chris Pflugfelder 
Craig Starr 

JUSTOWRITERS 

Judy Allsburg 
Marianne Decker 
Suzanne Nester 
Dave Stearns 

STAFF SECRETARY 

Peggy Braunstein " 1 
J 

01 protest which result in depriving others of the opportunity to speak 
or be heard, physically obstruct movement or disrupt the educational 
or institutiooal process cannot expect support on civil liberties grounds 
and must be prepared to accept the consequences of their action. 

We assume that regardless 01 the manner in which protest is ex-
pressed, procedures of due process will be strictly observed by the 
college and university where infractions are charged. 

A collateral Issue to on-campus recruitment is raised by the use, 
In some instances, 01 outside pOliCt! to quell disturbances on university 
grounds. Traditionally, universities have been sel!-governing in-
stitutions wWch have settled their internal dissensions and difficulties 
through the art 01 discussion and persuasion and, only when unavoid-
able, by the use 01 campus authority and discipnne. 

We believe that outside police should not be summoned to a campus 
to deal with internal problems unless all other techniques have clearly 
failed and then only on the basis 01 rules made in advance with the 
partiCipation, consultation, and preferably, concurrence 01 represen-
tatives of students and faculty who have been selected in a truly rep-
resentative fashion. , 

Student.Regent Committee,? 
Today I am introducing a con-

current resolution urging the 
University of California Board 
of Regents to create a permanent 
Regents Committee on Student 
Affairs -- composed one-half of 
students and one-half of 
regents -- to improve peaceful 
means for students to commun-
icate and participate in deCis ions 
vitally affecting their lives and 
futures. The committee would 
be advisory to the full Board 
of Regents, on which no student 
sits. 

The governor has more than 
covered the negative approaches 
to our campus unrest -- name-
calling, threat ot bayonets, and 
police. And certainly adequate 
measures should be taken to 
prevent violence against persons 
or property, or against the in-
stitution. But while force and 
fear may suppress unrest for a 
while, they w1l1 never bring 
peace. And I don't want a po-
lice state , or a police campus, 
as a permanent fixture in Cal-
ifornia. 

U's time we also try positive 
approaches to resolving our cam-
pus unrest. To paraphrase thp 

predisent, it's time we toned down 
our voices, and turned up our 
hearing aids - and that goes for 
all partie s. 

It's time we admit grievous 
shortcomings in our SOCiety, and 
grievous shortcomings in our 
institutions of higher education. 

It' s time we realize -- and res-
pect -- that today' s students care 
deeply about the quality of life 
in America, and about the rele-
vance of their education, for these 
times , and for their futures. 

Our young people today are 
more concerned, knowledgeable 
and aware, than ever before. 
We have provided them with an 
earlier education that stresses 
awareness of our society and 
its problems, and urges their in-
volvement and participation. Yet 
our society provides inadequate 
means to do so. 

The vast majority of our stu-
dents want and seek peaceful and 
meaningfu I channe Is of com m uni-
cation. But without them, frust-
ration too often, too easily, turns 
students to violence and into the 
streets. Tragically, all too often, 
we really listen to them only 
after campus disruption and vio-

If the fee ling is to discontinue 
all intercollegiate athletics, we 
would tben direct our efforts to 
intramual and intercollege comp-
etition. 

If the feeling Is not to have 
any aid program for student ath-
letes , it should not be initiated. 

If the feeling is for continued 
independent status (not a mem-
ber of a conference), we w111 
do the best we can under those 
circumstances. 

There is nothing wrong with 
trying to beat Cal Tech at its 
own game. We just did so in 
basketball i2Z-48. If only there 
were five more Cal Tech's and 
they would all schedule us 
regardless of our larger enroll-
ment, everyone would be happy. 

Let the students decide. We 
think our Department is the only 
one where students decide 100 
per cent what the program should 
be. 

Ted Forbes, Chairman 
Department of Physical Educ-
ation 

Howard Hunt 
Director of Athletics 
Department of Physical Educ-
ation 

lence; too often we do not lis ten 
at all. 

Currently the only direct stu-
dent access to the Regents is 
at the regular Regents' meeting, 
where the student body president 
of the host UC campus is al-
lowed to speak briefly. 

The UC student body Presi": 
dents have asked the Board of 
Regents to allow each of them 
to speak at each Regents' meet-
ing; that request has not been 
granted. The UC student body 
Presidents have asked the Board 
of Regents to create a perm-
anent Regents Committee on Stu-
dent AUairs; that request has not 
been granted. 
Assemblyman John Vasconcellos 
24th Assembly District 

OH ••. #AVEN'T YOU I/EARD?-
THE INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION 
IS -OVER ••• WE WON •.•• 

(~-----

~<XJBB 

'. 

LETTERS 
Dear Editor, 

I am a student here at UC, 
have my natural-born citizen-
ship, and live from day-to-day 
doing what I think I want to do 
and have to do. Throughout this 
I take for granted that I have 
the basic rights given to me and 
guaranteed in the Constitution. 

But sometimes I wonder lf my 
assumptions are correct. In the 
last two weeks I have gone to 
Denny's Restaurant in Del Mar 
and have been treated like some-
thing the cat drug In. 

I went with a few friends to 
get something to eat in the early 
morning hours when we were 
greeted by something that re-
sembled Gargantua's mother and 
sounded similar. We attempted 
to make polite small talk, but 
this was thrown off with an oc-
casional grunt or two. 

The service was somewhere 
between rotten and poor. Usual 
practice In a restaurant calls 
for the entire table being served 
at one time, not half the table 
once and the rest some 20 min-
utes later. 

Perhaps the worst was the wat-
er, which tasted as if 11 had re-
mained in someone' s garden hose 
for a few weeks. 

When I go to a restaurant, I 
expect to be treated as a patron 
and not something of a second 
or third class citizen nature. 

I wish you would print this so 
the UCSD community could see 
it and hopefully the manager 
of Denny's. Thank you. 

D:!ar Editor : 

Sincerely, 
Mike Dul'.!! 

Unfortunately, most of the 
comment regardlng intercollegi-
ate athletics at UCSD is directed 
at "big time athletics" or "large 
scale athletic" programs. How 
in heaven can anyone relate the 
Ohio State athletic program to the 
program here at UCSD? There 
are probably not two more dis-
similar departments in structure 
and philosophy in the country, and 
they ask "what does the athletic 
departme nt have in mind?" 

I must assume that they mean 
Physical Education Department, 
since we have no "athletic de-
partment." They would have done 
well to read the recommenda-
tions of the Athletic Advisory 
Board to Chancellor McGUl, prin-
ted in the Triton Times, Febru-
ary 7, 1969. These, for the most 
part, were the recommendations 
of the Physical Education s taff. 

It seems to me that the real 
question has been passed over ,or 
perhaps avoided. The point is that 
we are committed to a "low scale 
program" both In structure and 
philosophy. A change in this phi-
losophy or an up-grading of the 
athletic program cannot be ac-
complished by the Physical Ed-
ucation Department, nor by the 
Athletic Director, not even the 
Chancellor's Athletic Advisory 
Board. The fact is that any ad-
vance toward a large scale pro-
gram would require the approval 
of the Educational Policy Com-
mittee. 

It shouid be understood, that the 
philosophy of our athletic teams 
is based on our student athlete 
having a 50-50 chance of winning. 
During the first few years of our" \ 
program, this w111 be no problem. 
The problem will arise when we 
grow beyond 5,000 students. The 
only schools we now play against 
that do not give some aid to ath-
letes are the small, church re-
lated schools that range in en-
rollment anywhere from 200 to 
1,000. 

Due to our projected enroll-
ment, these schools are not in-
terested in playing UCSD beyond 
1970. Therefore, ip order to put 
together schedules for our athle-
tic teams, we must play "aid gi-
ving schools", such as UC ir-
vine, UC Riverside', and the State 
Colleges, and at that point we 
take away our students' chances 
of winning, 

The Physical Education Depar-
tment, in their initial recommen-
dations to the Athletic Advisory 
Board submitted the following 
proposals: 

1) That UCSD join the Califor-
nia Collegiate Athletic Associa-

tion, a conference that is now 
composed of San Fernando Valley 
state, Cal State Fullerton, Cal 
Poly Pomona, Cal Poly San Luis 
ObiSpo, and UC Riverside; 2) 
That, in order to compete 00 an 
equal basts with these schools, 
we award athletic grants, not to 
exceed t,he student's registration 
fee. These grants are to be fi-
nanced by means of private dona-
tions (not a booster club) and ad-
ministered through the Financial 
Aid Office. These awards, like al-
most all scholarships, are to be 
based on academic achievement 
and tinancial need. 

These recommendations are 
what might be termed a "moder-
ate athletic program" •.•• 1 prefer 
to think of it as the most "realis-
tic program" that will best serve 
our students over a long period 
of time. 

As adamant as most oUhe arti-
cles are against "big time" ath-
letics, I am personally opposed to 
the form and structure of a Cal 
Tech type of program. I might 
describe this type of program as 
one where pride, se If-discipline 
and the desire to win is not in e-
vidence. If we are committed to 
excellence in education, then we 
should be compelled to excel in 
all phases of the students' edu-
cation, not just in parts of it. 

Up to now, most of what has 
been printed about the intercoUe-

• giate athletic program has been 
inaccurate, illogical, and based 
on broad generalization, and in 
my opinion, based on "sour 
grapes" rather than some thought 
and common sense. 

If the students are to decide a 
direction for intercollegiate ath-
letics at UCSD, [think it is Im-
portant that they investigate one 
or two of the better "moderate 
programs" now in existence at 
other institutions. May I suggest 
UC Davis and San Fernando Val-
ley state. These two fine acade-
mic institutions best represent 
the level of competition that Is 
healthiest for UCSD. 

Neale Stoner 
Department of Pby-

sical Education 

Student Criticizes McGi"'s Tactics 
Dear Chancellor McGill 

I deplore your handling of the Marcuse affair. 
The tactics you are using are somewhat akin to 
the ones used by the Pope before publishing his 
infamous encyclical on birth control. He too kept 
his decision ambiguous for an extended period 
while trying to please everyone .• The end result 
of his hesitancy is a rift within the Catholic Church 
which will be difficult, if not impossible, to repair. 

Wben you were tirst appointed, I noticed with 
pleasure the number of articles appearing in the 
la Jolla Light, the San Diego Union, and San Diego 
Magazine describing the difficulties of your posi-
tion. This, I thought, indicated a man wise enol'gh 
to use publicity to gain enough popularity with the 
public and press to permit him to make firm de-
ciSions when ambiguity or appeasement would be 
unwise. 

Your handling of the Cleaver speech reinforced 
my favorable opinion of you , for you made it very 
clear that though you did not like or support Clea-
ver or his views, you did support the policy of 
free speech as necessary for the functioning of the 
university. 

This rosy picture of your ability to dance along 
a tight political wire has been thoroughly shattered 
by your recent actions. 

During the convocation alter the Regent's meet-
ing, when you finally condescended to attend it, 
you said two things that struck me sharply: 
(1) that our behavior at the Regents' meeting was 
beneficial (no explanation given) and (2) that main· 
taining your position was not more important to 
you than doing the ight thing tor the university. 

statement (1) would have been suffiCient, if it 
had not been In answer to the question "Why was 
our behavior benetlcial?" You seem to have failed 
to realize that as students, we are trained (theore-
tically) to ask "why" and either receive a satis-
factory explanation, or an I don't know, or suspect 
the speaker does not have sufficient knowledge 
about his subject to be worth listening to. 

Your statemeat appears to Call into the' third ca-
tegory (since there were legitimate reasons for our 
behavior, such as publiciti' benefits, and change of 
tactic benefits) which could be not only unwise but 
Catal for a man who must not only control the pub-
lic but also control students. 

statement (2) was beautifully done ••• if you had 
only meant it. However, words are cheap. Your 
approval of Marcuse's contract "Subject to appro-
val by the Regents" is a direct contradiction of 
that statement. Not only ts such a decision unpre-
cedented, It is dangerous to the academic commu-
nity as a whole. 

By placing your responsibility upon their shoul-
ders, you are inviting them (essentially forcing 
them) to create some poUcy like "Absoluteiy no 
professor shall be hired after he passes the age 
of .65" as a placation to the American Legion and 
Co. From their past deCiSions, we may reasonably 
expect them to do just that. This would exclude not 
only Marcuse, but other stars, such as Pauling, 
Urey, and HarriS, who are direct refutations of the 
theory that the brain rots on one's sixty-fifth birth-
day. This could only do irreparable damage to the 
university. 

Your recent actions have shown not only a basic 
lack at understanding of both students and polftical 
maneuverings, but also a dangerous desire to keep 
your job at all costs. The articles OIl you apparent-
ly were not to help the university, butto sell your-
self. The campus has not been quiet due to your 
abilities, but due to Its size and the academic load 
imposed on the majority of students. 

The most beneficial thing you could do for the 
university would be to insure that your replacement 
is someone who has a better grasp ot the univer-
sity situation. I wish there was something [ could 
do or say to convince you to do just that. 

Sincerely, 
U 80759 040 
(Bili Smythe) 

February 21, 1969 Pa@'e 3 

'. Fant~sy or Re·ality? 
by Jeffrey Edelstein 

Emphasis upon the blur between fantasy and reality--the imagined 
and the actual--has been a popular object of study in the contemporary 
arts. Numerous examples come to mind in the fields of literature, 
mUSiC, art, and motion pictures. . . 

The reader or viewer is led to believe that what IS common to hiS 
expertence (including his world views, his values, his notions of 
truth, and consequently, his sanity) is actually only. a distor.tlon of 
the real r eality, which lies in a reversal of world Views, nohons of 
truth, and values--or tnsanity. 

Thus conceptions of fantasy and reality become so intertwined 
that th~re is no clear de mar cation; values inculcated during youth 
become suspect; and the sane no longer seem sane. 

When the viewer realizes the utter truth of falsity, he begins to 
ask himself (assuming that he can still verify his own existence); 
Who was really insane, and who inane, in King of Hearts? Which 
characters actually existed in Biow-Up--the photographer? the mur-
dered man? the amorous young girls? the tennis players? Just whose 
was Rosemary's Baby? Is Andy Warhal a put-on, or is the commer-
cial world he is attempting to describe a put-on? Where are the 
bounduies between Ken Kesey's Combine and the outside? Is any 
form of music sacred today after the Beatles have smashingly sa-
tirized vaudeville, stones, Cream, Vallee, and Beach Boys on an 
Apple Corp? 

How could Clark Kent, the mild-mannered reporter, really eommit 
suicide? Is IUe encountered in the group-laboratory more real, 
honest, and open than on the outside? Was Clay Shaw a cover for 
Jim Garrison? Were the Paris table-shape negotiations a rather 
droll bit of political satire concocted by the overseas farm club of 
the committee? Did Max Rafferty really organize the Chico Resis-
tance? 

The popularity of these literary, musical, motion picture, and po-
litical attempts to cast reality into doubt, and doubt into reality, 
probably reflects the acceptance, taste, and insecurity of values 
of that class of mass consumers in American society today to whom 
mass-media entertainment is primarily aimed--those under 25. 

This class , raised on situation comedies, science fiction flicks, 
hula-hoops, and Sputnlk-Gemini-Apollo, apparently appears rathtlr 
naive and credulous to those who control the resources and people 
influencing and regulating their lives. 

But because one will accept and subsidize absurdity by watching 
television or a motion picture, reading a novel or the newspaper, 
or attending a play or the Congressional hearings, does not neces-
sarily imply that he wlll accept absurdity in that one area of our so 
ciety where absurdity is studies and analyzed, but hopefully not 
lived--the university. 

And yet, even the world here has been turned around. in ~esponse 
to a movement based upon that frightening (and guilt-inducing) reality 
of our times--the movement of a proud people (long too exploited, 
and belittled to realize that the fantasy in our society's minds, ideals, 
and laws was,in fact, only (:mtasy) toward realization of their humanity--
the campus has been declared a state of "extreme emergency." 
Men In blue more menacing and fantastic than found in any YellOW 
Submarine roam the campus at will; these peace officers are as 
successful at their exercise in Orwell's double-think in this setting 
as they were, to the plaudits of many, at Chicago: Confrontations 
created by wielders of legalized violence become, through the mass 
media, (urther evidence to the middle-class masses of the Communist 
conspiracy motivating these "Anti-American" Crusades; and the gist 
behind the movement is put into farcial ove rtones by chanting, kicking, 
and the destruction oC property. 

A situation is thus created which dismays the public, polarizes 
students, antagonizes administration, and gives leverage and ration-
alizatifJ'l to the oCCiceholder for repression of • "dissidents· • 

Is this drama, played by actors whose only common tie is irration-
ality really necessary? Cannot even the righteous maintain some dig-
nity while attempting to support others in attaining theirs? Cannot 
battles be won by the sane? Isn't there sanctity-sanity-reality any-
where? 

~~~~lW~~ ~i1t,i\ i1[§~[§[t¥]~~i1 
@[ro rru~[){] ~~ ~[ro@ [P@[l~~W 

(Editor 'S Note: The following 
statement was released by Pro-
fe ssor Herbert Marcuse to thp 
news media on February 16 fol-
lowlng Chancellor McGill's an-
nouncement concerning Profes-
sor Marcuse's reappointment.) 

I am happy about the Chan-
cellor's decision because I take 
it to mean that he is willing to 
defend the integrity of the uni v-
ersity against reactionaly pol-
itical pressure - from whatever 
side it may come. 

I hel.r that the Chance liar, 
without being obligated to do so, 
but out of courtesy for the Reg-
ents, will not sign the appoint-
ment papers until the Regents 
have had the opportunity to re-
view the matter. I be lleve that 
this step may well weaken the 
independence of the faculty. 
Moreover ,It opens the posi~ibility 
of an even longer delay In the 
final decision. In view of the 
strong support I have received 
from the students and the faculty, 
I shall not give in to the add-
itional pres ure Involved In this 
delay. 

It Is not my reappointmentthat 
is at stake. I have quite a few 

(lffe rs to teach, in spite of my 
biological age. If I want to 
stay here and teach here, it is 
primarily because of my students 
and my friends on the faculty 
(who almost unanimously stood 
behind me). 

What was at stake (and still 
is) is the right, the duty of the 
scholar and educator to teach the 
truth and expose the lies (as a 
great colleague of mine recently 
defined the functi on of the univ-
er sity) - - to teach the truth even 
if it is not in har many lth cer-
tain vested intere sts. Education 
does not only, and not primarily, 
serve a particular community of 
tax payers -- it serves (or 
ought to serve) whole generations 
oC human beings, legardless of 
race, coior, religion, and 
business requiremel.ts. 

To work for the improvement 
of the hu man conriiti()l) . the lulu,,_ 
ator has the obligation to teach 
and to discuss with his students 
the fact:; -- all th facts at the 
disposal of thosll who dare or 
care to look Cor them, and who 
do not op their earch at the 
walls erected by those who have 
a wellfounded intere t in blocking 
thls earch. 



,.,. 4 , February 21, 1969 

Speakers From S.F. State 
Address Academic Senate 

An emergency meeting oJ~ the 
UCSD Academic Senate was 
called Tuesday at the request of 
29 faculty members. The pur-
pose of the meeting was to pre-
sent tbree guest speakers from 
San Francisco State College: Day 
of the AFT (American Federation 
of Tea.chers), Stafford, chairman 
of the State College Academic 
Senate, a.nd Smith, ex-president 
of San Francisco State. 

The sponsors of the meeting 
wished to make a formal state- . 
ment, endorsed by tbe senate, 
in support of the S. F. State 
strike, but definitive action was 
tabled until the regular senate 
meeting, to be held next Tuesday. 

Mr. Day, who made it clear 
that he was not an oUicial spokes-
man for the AFT, discussed the 
past events which have occurred 
at S. F. State, pointing out the 
two main issues behind the fac-

ulty and student strikes. These 
were the suspension of George 
Murray, and the fact that the 
faculty members do not have 
the right of academic liberties or 
due process. 

After Murray's somewhat ar-
bitrary suspension by State Col-
lege Chancellor Glen Dumpke, 
and from the Board of Trustees' 
demand to then President Smith 
(of S. F. state) not to nego-
tiate student grievances until the 
campus had returned to a state 
of normality, tbe S. F. State 
faculty decided tbat the State 
College system was in error. 

The AFT increased its mem-
bership from 190 In November 
1968 to 490 in January, and 
beld a very successful strike 
after Christmas. 80 per cent 
of the students did not attend 
classes for four weeks, and tbe 
violence decreased because of the 

~[X]£rro~~[!JL@rnJ [M)~@j O[b[l a~ 
[M)£OO~l\JJ~rn ~1I j\ 1I~~ ~[M11 

The University of Calitornia, San Diego, today announced its intention 
to reappoint Dr. Herbert Marcuse as Professor of Philosophy for the 
academic year 1969-70. 

A very careful review of the academic merit of Dr. Marcuse's 
reappointment was concluded on February 10 atter five months of 
inve stigation. 

The substance of the review dealt with the Professor's recent 
writings, his standing among scholars, his teaching and his service 
to the university. The investigation was carried out by a secret Ad Hoc 
committee of five senior members of the UCSD faculty. Eminent 
scholars were contacted at universities in the United states and Western 
Europe. Written opinions were obtained from 24 such individuals. 
Universities contacted included Harvard, Columbia, Princeton, Stanford, 
Toronto, McGill University, London School of Economics and Political 
SCience, University of Essex and others. 

In the course of five months, a sizeable file of documentation was 
built up. This was digested by the faculty Ad Hoc committee and 
analyzed. A report and recommendations were then forwarded to 
the UCSD administration. The report delineates and documents Prof-
essor Marcuse's eminence as a scholar. He is clearly one of the 
leading philosophers in the world today and a teacher of remarkable 
ability. 

Professor Marcuse's reappointment extends for one year. 
The campus feels that many of its difficulties in the Marcuse case 

arose from the lack of a clear policy on post-retirement appointments. 
We are now in grave difficulties due to the systematic curtailment 

of resources over a period of years. On the other har.d, UCSD has 
made a substantial number of post-retirement appointments. These 
senior figures are represented more heavily on this campus than on 
any other campus of the university. 

It is the view of the UCSD administration that s"me order must be 
put into an increasingly difficult problem relating to post-retirement 
appointments. 

Accordingly, we have decided to terminate all existing commitments 
to over-age professors as of June, 1970, and to replace these with 
a policy of expected retirement at a speCified age. 

Faculty advice will be sought in determining the age questions and 
in dealing with cases of particular hardship. These decisions will 
be made during the Spring of the current academic year. 

efforts of the AFT pickets.. . 
The AFT is now asking for a 

genuine attempt to deal with stu-
dent grievances. Day informed 
the UCSD faculty that the S. F. 
state professors were not strik-
ing tor the students, bowever. 
The labor union, of which the AFT 
is a part, granted them a un-
animous sanction to strike due 
to the conditions under wbich 
tbe teachers had to work. 

It was boped that the faculty 
strike would preCipitate tbe re-
solution of student demand and 
thereby improve faculty working 
conditions. This position was 
further encouraged by the Third 
World Liberation Front, wbo 
asked that the AFT not involve 
itself in their strike and their 
demands. 

Dr. Smith, ex-president of tbe 
troubled campus, expressed grief 
over tbe fact that the greatest 
institution of the behavioral 
sciences doesn't know how to 
govern itself. He told tbe UCSD 
faculty that striking teachers at 
S. F. State received "automatic 
resignations" In accordance with 
a state law declaring that any 
unexcused absence for a period 
of five consecutive days will 
result in dismissal oUhe teacher. 

StarCord tI,en spoke , saying that 
the State-wide Academic Senate 
of the State Colleges, under his 
chairmanship, has adopted apos-
ition paper concerning the S. F. 
State situation. It is their view-
point that the crisis arose in 
the outside community and only 
found its focal point on tbe S. F. 
campus. (Reagan has said, "Sick 
campus corm unity infects com-
munity around it.") 

stafford sympathized with the 
role of the teachers and ex-
pressed a wish for the strengtb-
ening of the Academic Senate as 
a regulatory force in the univ-
ersity. 

Shepard Speais on 
;Student Power' 
TOM SHEPARD, UCSDASSOC-

iated student president, will dis-
cuss "Student Power - The Role 
of Student Government," Sunday 
at 10 p.m. on KEBS-TV, Chan-
nel 15. 

Shepard will be joined by three 
other student presidents on the 
third edition of "Unde r Thirty," 
a one-hour panel discussion mod-
erated by Peter Kaye, news and 
public affairs director at 
KEBS-TV. 

---D.E. 

McGill Confronted by Critics-
Gives Statement of Position 

Has Chancellor William McGill 
really rehired Dr. Marcuse? Is 
his announcement of intention 
legally binding? These are the 
questions that ~ve touched off 
considerable controversy within 
the academic community. 

The ambiguities of the Chan-
cellor's statement led to an in-
formal meeting of concerned fac-
ulty and students which eventually 
resulted in a confrontation of 
sorts Tuesday evening. 

At his Sunday press conference 
McGill stated that he had not 
signed the contract yet, and would 
wait until after the Regents meet-
ing to do so. At a special meet-
ing in the Humanities Library 
at 3:00 p.m. Tuesday the im-
plications of this action were 
discussed. 

It was generally fe It by those 
present that McGill had failed to 
exe rcise the authority that had 
been granted him, namely the 
right to reappoint professors past 
the mandatory retirement age. 
It was also suspected that Mc-
GUl had established a precedent 
in allowing the Regents to re-
view his decision. 

The faculty members and stu-
dents present decided to approach 
the Chancellor to let their feel-
ings be known, and to demand that 
he clarify the issues by making 
a more definitive statement. 

The group of about 100persons 
who gathered outside the Chan-
cellor's office at 5:00 p.m. were 
told that McGill was presently 
in conference with De Witt Higgs, 
Chairman of the Board of Re-
gents, and that he had not in-
dicated whether he would address 
the crowd or not. 

Dean Murphy suggested that 
: the group reconvene in MC 409 

itical pressures and was setting 
a precedent for the Regents. 

McGill defended his decision by 
claiming that he wished to cre-
ate an air of rationality · at the , 
Regents meeting. He felt that 
the action he had taken would 
be advantageous in his present-
ation to the Regents. Had he 
signed the contract or threat-
ened resignation, the Regents 
might have r eacted sharply, he 
contended. 

McGill stated that It had been 
through his personal efforts that 
he had succeeded in obtaining a 
delegation from the board to make 
over-age appointments last Sept-
ember, and he considered his 
decision to delay signing 
Marcuse's contract to be a 
"courtesy" that should be ex-
tended the Regents. 

McGill took exceptions to 
charges that he had given the 
Regents back the power they had 
delegated him. He felt that his 
announcement of intention consti-
tuted actual rehiring. 

However, he did not deny that 
the Regents couldn't overturn 
his decision, impiying that if any 
precedent had been set, it had 
been previously when the Regents 
overruled a decision that had 
proceded through the normal ad-
ministrative channels, namely the 
Cleaver course. 

McGill explained that he was 
at the mercy of the Board of 
Regents, who cou ld remove him 
at any time, and that he was 
trying to find the best way to 
deal with them. " 1 am not look-
lng for a holy war with the Re-
gents, as some others are, " 
McGill stated. 

r CAN 
- - - - - where he and Provost Saitman 

would attempt to clarify the Chan-
cellor's position. However, the 

It s(:emed that most of those 
present at the meeting were 
questioning McGill's judgment 
and the manner in which he had 
handled the whole affair, not 
necessarily his motives. It was 
charged by some that Chancel-
lor had not taken the faculty and 
student into his confidence in his 
political dealings. However, Mc-
Gill defended his decisions, and 
asked the university community 
to trust his judgment and back 
him up, at least until the results 

IT? YOU DIG 

WIN A SU'ARU fat A WEEr ... 
CONTEST ENDS THIS MONDAY ! ! ! 
Le,,, YOfIr fltry ,t S,.", .. , Act;,jfies Off'K. 1831 "rschl ,re. 

("~. 250 .,H",ws '""sl Ie;ole, ,III,.,.. 
L pu tl~f:. (fo~ ~~t..;"t.it.e. .. 454-7157 --~------- -

I 
.J 

crowd chose to walt, and the 
Chancellor arrived about a half 
hour later. The discussion took 
place in the Chancellor' s Con-
ference room. 

McGill responded to the open-
ing remarks of a faculty re-
presentative who voiced concern 
that McGill had yielded to pol- of his actions are known. . 

NEW SPRING COURSE 
The future of faith 10 

This course in religious studies will examine and discuss Questions 
concerning religious experience and the relevance of faith. It will 
include a study of men who have made Important contributions as well 
as a critical projection about the relevance and future of religion. 
In particular the course wlll study men such as Soren Kierkegaard, 
Sigmund Freud, Paul TUllch, Martin Buber, Karl Rahner. (open to 
Revelle and Muir stUdents.) • 

. Tuesday, 7:00 - 9:30 p.m., Humanities Library Auditorium 
The course carries 4 credits. Speakers will include: Dr. Thomas 
0' Dea, Dr. Herbert Marcuse, and Dr. Stephen Crites . 

. . 

For 

February 21, 1969 Page 5 

Clec~ Nonet 
A Coloration of Sound 

be performed by this unique 
group. 

a C •• f · Gonemporary Music at UCSD 
The UCSD Committee for Arts 

and Lectures will present the 
Czech Nonet at a concert of 
contemporary chamber music on 
Friday, February 28 , in Sher-
wood Hall, La Jolla, at 8:30 p.m. 

The Czech Nonet is that rare 
thing in chamber music - a un-
ique ensemble, with a unique col-
oration of sound. Four string and 
five wind instruments total the 
nine · from which its name, the 
Nonet , is derived. The ensem-
ble is composed of artists from 
the Czech Philharmonic, each of 
whom is a concert soloist in 
his own right. It is the old-
est of the Czech Chamber en-
sembles as well as the most 
original in composition. 

The program on Friday even-
ing will include the onet by 
Martinu, the Nonet, Op. 45 by 
K. B. Jirak, the Quintet for 
oboe, clarinet, violin, viola and 
double bass, Op. 39 by Proko-
fiev and Baletti a 9 by J. Novak. 

Miss Oliveros will be assisted 
by, among others, Gerald Walker 
(electronics and shakohach1), Le-
wis Prince (electronics), the New 
Musics Choral Ensemble, Ken-

neth Gaburo, conductor. 
The concert takes place at 

8:30 pm In the Gymnasium, UCSD. 
Admission is free and open to 
the public. 

Two concerts of contemporary· 
music, on February 21 and 23, 
embodying the virtuosity and di-
versity of contemporary perfor-
mers and composers, will take 
place at UCSD as part of the Mu-
sic Department's 201 Concert 
Series. Each of these concerts 
will bring to fore a different as-
pect of the 20th century scene. 

The Anti-People 
Tickets are available in the 

Arts and Lectures Office, U rey 
Hall, Revelle College. Reserv-
ed Seating, $3; UCSD Students, 
$1. 

~~ 
2~ Mr. Bertram Turetsky, contra-bassist and assistant professor of Music at UCSD will give his se-

cond local concert for the year. 
Again, he will present significant 
new musiC, much of it written tor 
himse If and recorded by the ar-
tist, using the bass as a virtuoso 
instrument alone or with a small 
instrumental ensemble or elec-
tronic tape. 

Among other premiers will be 
the first San Diego performance 
of Kenneth Gaburo's Antiphony 
IV for voice, piccolo, bass trom-
bonist , double-bass and electro-
nics, conducted by the composer. 
This work by the newly apPointed 
Profe ssor of Music at UCSD has 
recently beenreleasedonaNone-
such recording. 

Mr. Turetsky, also in his first 
year at UCSD, has been known 
throughout the country as a solo 
and chamber performer, especi-
ally as an authentic interpreter 
of new music. 

The program will include the 
Sonata (1967) for contrabass and 
plano by George Tremblay, Mono-
day n (1964) for solo contrabass 
by George Perle, Ricercar a 3 
(1967) for contrabass and tape by 
Robert Erickson, Logs (1968) for i 
contrabass and tape by Paul Chi-
hara, Spectra (1966) for piccolo, 
flute , alto flute and contrabass by 
Richard Feliciano, and Antiphony 
IV (1967) Cor VOice, piccolo, bass, 
trombone, contrabass and elec-
tronics by Kenneth Gaburo. 

The concert will take place at 
8:30 pm on February 21 in the 
Art Gallery on Matthews Campus, 
UCSD. Admission is free and o-
pen to the public. 

On the following Sunday evening, 
February 23, Pauline Oliveras, 
also of the Music Department fa-
culty, will present a concert of 
her own music for voices, many 
conductors, audience, electron-
ics and a multitude of instruments 
both familiar and peculiar. 

Miss Oliveros has long been 
interested in an expansion of the 
definition of music to include 
sound of all kinds, space, human 
inleraction, humor and humanity. 
Her program will include AOK 
(or violinists, chorus, conduc-
tors , accordian and audience, 
double Basses at Twenty Paces 
for Allan Goldman, Bertram Tu-
retsky, their seconds, William 
Mullen and John Baldessari and 
refereee Alan Johnson. and Sy" 
ydT equals 1 for shakohachi, 
heartbeat, bronze telephone dial 
change r, e iectronics, readers, 
tape recordIsts, celloes, bassons, 
twins, weavers, minister and 
chemist. 

Ronald Laing has been des-
cribed as an existential psychi-
atrist , and in fact his books may 
be characterized as the psycho-
logical counterparts of Hermann 
Hesse's novels. Each offers to 
the reader not merely a vision 
of himself but ' a kaleidescope 
of visions of himself, his pos-
sibilities, and his worlds. 

In his latest book, The Poli-
ics of Experience , Laing attempts 
to explain men's confused strug-
gle to be themselves in the face 
of the violent alienation of our 
society. His initial premise--
that we experience each other 
as behavIor but that we never 
experience the other's exper-
ience--is hardly startling. How-
ever, he proceeds to show that 
we not only cut ourselves off 
from or "mystify" this exper-
ience of others , we also cut 
ourselves oU from experiencing 
an essential part of our selves. 

We seek to remove all obsta-
cles to meeting, to be two peo-
ple with nothing standing between 
us. But that is the problem; 
that which is between us cannot 
be named; it is no-thing. 

Our civilization Is based upon 
thedesecraUonofpersonal worlds 
of experience--the inner is es-
tranged from the outer, its very 
existence is denied. Thus 
" ' there's nothing to be afraid 
of'; the ultimate assurance and 
the ultimate terror." 

Student Discounts 
Available for 
Circle Arts, 
S.D. Symphony 

Discount tickets (or Jean An-
ouilh's "Thieves' Carnival" at 
Circle Arts Theatre (beginning 
Thurs., Feb. 27) are now avail-
able either at the Student Ac-
tivities Office, bldg. 250 MC, or, 

·through Mrs. Mary Cushing at 
University Hospital. The theatre . 
has 15 rows and the discount 
prices are $1.75 for r ows 1 
through 12, and $1.00 for row 
13, 14, or 15. Curtain 8:30 p.m., 
Sundays 7:30 p.m. Performance 
date s: Feb. 27, 28; March 1, 2, 
6, 7, 8, 9, 13, 14, 15, and 16. 

Discount tickets for the San 
Diego Symphony performance to-
ni&'ht are still available for $1.50 
(regular price $4.50) at either 
the Student AcUviUe s Office 
bldg. 250 MC, or through Mrs. 
Mary Cushing at University Hos-
~~~a.a.OoOo~o'Qo'Q ... -~-c:>rJ pital. The symphony will be con-

- Credence Clearwater win ducted by Zoltan Rozsnyai, music 
from "Space Odyssey 2001", and 

be here at the community con- Schuman's symphony 1t4. 
Course on Friday Feb. 28. Head-
lining the show wUl be the Tur-
tles, but Credence is the thing 
~o see . . 

Spirit is here tonight with Lee 
Michaels at Cal Western'sGolden 
~ym, definitely worth seeing. 
)w'ord Is that Janis Joplin is slated 
or late March. Also, March 7 
he Iron Butterfly, and March 8 

:at San Die go State it'll be Paul 
'sutterfield and the Sons of Cham-

~Ia.in. 
--

F't,ce r .-:£(Jj:::-
C \a SCi) ~iecls .•. 

1'0 a\\ UCC;t> ~lJde~ 
~A)I. . 2.5' ..-.IorJ~ .(1~cl) 
dt.1.-'(U· \0 1\ OffiCe. . 

{P.-i",,'fad s~aee ?e('m~n&) 

We are torn between an outer 
world in which we move accord-
ing to socially acceptable desires 
and fears and an inner world 
(the source to which we long to 
return) which is largely held to 
be non-existent. In self-defense 
we become schizophreniC. (See 
Laing's The Divided Self for a 
description of this process.) We 
substitute violence for love, the 
other for ourselves. 

We are forced, and we must 
in the gu ise of love force our 
children, to become the other--
the other who has so split us 
off from ourselves that we can 
only reflect its dull, inhuman 
patterns. By violence masquer-
ading as love we have been lost, 
and so will we destroy our child-
ren. We are "half-crazed crea-
tures more or less adjusted to 
a mad world." 

Dr. Laing concludes this grim 
analysis by pleading for a change 
in the methods of psychiatric 
treatment. We need, he says, 
people who have been there to 
guide those who are ready into 
inner space and back out again; 
Madness is potentially not merely 
enslavement but also liberation 
and renewal. 

We must learn to live, for we 
are as deeply afraid to live and 
to love as we are to die. 

by Patricia Benefiel 

The Nonet was founded in Pra-
gue in the 20's, and by 1924 
had completed its fir st Euro-
pean tour. It has been perform-
ing since then and includes mem-
bers of the original nonet as well 
as outstanding new talents, fresh 
from the musical academies. 

While this is their first tour 
of the United states, they have 
appeared almost everywhere else 
in the world. Their influence 
is especially felt in Eastern Eur-
ope, where their unique ensemble 
has inspired compositions Crom 
the most notable contemporary 
writers of music, including 
Burian, Dobias, Haba, Jaroch, 
Novak, Ridky, Martinu and Fol-
precht. Each of these compos-
ers has written especially for 
the Nonet and the critical re-
ception of the works was so en-
thusiastic that each has been re-
corded. In short, the Czech No-
net has become the focu s for cont-
emporary music in Europe. 

In addition to performing 
pieces for the nine instruments, 
the Nonet's structure makes pos-
sible a wide range of repertory 
for string and wind instruments 
in many combinations. Cont-
emporary and classic composi-
tions of many shades and colors, 
styles and techniques can thus 

1",~ 
The UCSD Committee for Arts 

and Lectures will present the 
Renaissance Quartet in a con-
cert of chamber music today in 
Sherwood Hall, La Jolla at 8:30 
p.m. 

lncluded in the ensemble are 
Raymond Lynch, lute; Barbara 
Meser, vioia da gamba; Morris 
Newman, recorders and rankett 
and Robert White, tenor. 

The repertoire of the Renais-
sance Quartet spans 400 years, 
from the Cantigas de Santa Maria 
in the collection of Alphon so X 
(1252-1284) to the Madrigals of 
Clausdia Montiverdi (1567-1643). 
Their programs feature a mix-
ture of styles: from music from 
Germany and Spain for several 
instruments to French songs for 
Tenor and Lute. 

The program on Friday evening 
will include English Part Music, 
Five Dances of Anthony Holborne, 
Elizabethan Songs, Music of Al-
onso de Mudarra, Four Lute 
Solos and Spanish VilLancicos. 

Tickets are a vallable in the 
Arts and Lectures Office, Urey 
Hall, Revelle College: Rese rved 
Seating, $3; UCSD Students, $1. 

Did Jon like 
beer the first time 

you tasted it? 
A lot of people say no. They say 
beer is one of those good things 
you cultivate a taste for ... like 

beer is Beechwood Aged; it' 
a co tly way to brew beer, and 
it tak more tim . But it 

-=---- works. ) olives, or scotch, or 
kumquats. 

Maybe . But we 
think it makes a dif-
ference which brand of 
beer we're talking 
about. 

We think Budwei r 
is an exception to thi "you've 
gotta get used to it" rule. It's 
so smooth. (You see, no other 

So whether you're 
one of the few who 
has never tried b er, 
or a b er drinker who 
uddenly feel the 

urge to find out why 
so many p ople enjoy 

Budweiser we think ·ou']l 
like it. 

From the very fir t taste. 

Budweiser. is the King_o_f B __ 
(But you know thllt .) 
"NHEUSER.BUSC~. INC . • ST. LOUIS . NEWARK . LOS ANGELE S . TAMPA. HOUSTON. COLUMBUS 



ra.& 6 February 21, 1969 

'011\ '\~, ~ '<,\\l a Cor ••• ,' "Tk. R,P&--.1 
U!" 9-.~" P,!lQt.,T P 

'~ow that we are all v !rsed in The best time to be graffiti is anything people in a public 
. the sociological signUic nce and hunting is around 6:00 p.m. since bathroom dislike, it's a graffiti 

topical categorization of graffiti most people are home or having collector. In 1738, a graffiti 
(Triton Times, Feb. 7, 1969) dinner at that time. Then it is collector cleverly disguised as 
it's time to discuss the activity simply a matter of perusing each a janitor in a Geno.!, Italy rest-
of collecting graffiti itself. stall without being bothered by room, was discovered when a 

Graffiti gathering requires a nosey patrons. patron's suspicion was aroused 
certain amount of time, patience, U, however, you go graffiti- by the lack of bathroom-type 
ingenuity and a notebook. The hunting during class hours when sounds coming from the stall. 
first step is to locate a popular the bathrooms are being used, A near-riot among the enraged 
and well-used bathroom like the there are a few general rules to patrons ensued, resulting in the 
one near HL Aud. at' the end observe: graffiti collector being swirled in 
of the hallway. (1) Be discreet. If there the toUet for three minutes with-

out air and his notebook being 
\ confiscated. So, don't let on that 
your purpose in the bathroom is 
something other than using the 
toilet or people will think you're 
perverted and you'll be subject 
to intense castigation. 

(2) First, find a "loaded" 
stall (which is something every 
graffiti collector savours; asap-
posed to a "loaded' toUet, which 
all graffiti collectors detest) 
then enter it, lock the door, and, 
most importantly, sit down. 
People get uneasy when they 
don't see two feet pointed straight 
forward, and you don't want to get 
swirled. 

(3) Scan the reading material 
at Evelyn Wood pace to get the 

overall, disgusting picture. Then 
pick out the good ones (whidh 
are usually written small and 100-
ated in corners) and copy theln 
down fast. After about tbr~e 
minutes, roll off some tollet 
paper for the proper sound ef-
fect. Continue scribbling as ybu 
slowly stand up and reach back 
with your right foot to fiush tbe 
toilet. U you have some last-
minute grafflU to get down in 
your notebook, you can now stall 
for about 10 seconds, then open 
the door (hiding your pen at 
the same time) and leave. With 
a little practice, you too vllll 
be gathering valuable graffiti with 
the same deftness and savoir 
faire as the best of them. 

The latest graffJtl is difficult 6-~~~oe~~~~~~~)oc~OO~~~~¢()¢<~~OCIO<»~QS;!2S~~SlSl~~ilR~5l5i~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ to categorize because of its div-
ersity, but most fall under the 

• J)ec,s iOlJl\ 
".s I 

De-cisi · 
O"S/ 

• 

't 

Some deCISions are relatively unimportant. 
Where YOU pul Jour engineering 
laleOllO work is nOI. 
As you contemplate one of the most important decisions of your life, we invite you to consider a 
f~reer at Pratt & Whitne~ Aircraft. Here, you will f ind wide·open opportunities for professional growth 
WIth a company that enJoys an enviable ,~cord of stability in the dynamic atmosphere of aerospace 
.chnology. 

We. ~electpur engineers and scientists carefully. Motivate them well. Gille them the equipment and 
faCIlitIes only a leader can provide. Offer them company·paid, graduate·education opportunities. 

~ncou~age them to p~s~ . into fields that have not been explored before. Keep them reaching for a 
little bIt more responSIbIlity than they can manage. Reward them well when they Co manage it. 
And your decision is made easier, thanks to the wide range of talents required . Your degree can be a 

B.~ ., M.S .• or Ph.D. in: MECHANICAL • AERONAUTICAL • ELECTRICAL. CHEMICAL. CIVIL. 
MPRINE • INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING • PHYSICS • CHEMISTRY. METALLURGY • MATERIALS 
SC ' ENCE • CERAMICS • MATHEMATICS • STATISTICS • COMPUTER SCIENCE. ENGINEERING 
SC' ENCE • ENGINEERING MECHANICS. 

COl1sult your college placement officer-or write Mr. William L. Stoner, Engineering Department 
Pre tt & Whitney Aircraft, East Hartford, Connecticut 06108. ' 

Pratt & Whitney ~ircraft 
EAST HARTTORO AND MIDDLETOWN, CONNECTICUT 
WEST PAUl lEACH, 'LORIOA 

U 
DIVISION 0" UNITeo R" .. ..,. CO"JOO""TION 

~ .... o"..t.., ........ 

rubrics of dope, love, sex, and 
the ever-popular miscellaneous 
grouping. Here are some of 
their respective examples: 

"Dope is fun"; "Get naked 
and smoke·; "Get high now"; 
"No reefers ... nosoul!"; "Grass 
works wonders·; "Dope works 
well"; "stoning is definietly far 
out-; "Share a joint with a 
friend"; "Dump it! There's a 
narc in the next stall". 

"Love is dangerous": "love -
why is it so painful?- (reply): 
"Hang-ups, idiot!"; "Caution: 
Virginity may be harmful to 
your health"; "36-25-36 or 
fight" • 

"Ti esti episteme?"; "OB-
EDIAH III is my dog"; "Para-
noid Youth Unite! Join the John 
Birch Society! Who knows -
maybe your mommie is a com-
mie"; "Is graffiti a dying art?" 
(reply): "[s prostitution?" 

"Frogs and ducks"; «Lennon 
saves"; "The Big 'G' stands for 
Goomba"; "Malignancy is beaut-
Uul-; "Conquer and divide"; 
"Join the Army - help stamp out 
little yellow people"; "And this 
is a school for science and 
math majors?" -::r- f, 

Russel Kirk, widely regarded 
philosopher of the New American 
Conservatism wl1l speak at UCSD 
Wednesday. Kirk,authoror"The 
Conservative Mind", has by-
passed individualistic capitalism 
as well as socialism in recom-
mending Christian philosophy for 
the mind and restoration of com-
munity to the heart. He has 
said II American conservatives 
ought to talk a great deal less 
about the laws of economics and 
a great deal more about the laws 
of justice." -

He will hold a seminar on 
"Decadence and Recovery in A-
merican Education" at 4:00 pm, 
Wednesday, Febr.uary 26, in the 
Informal Lounge, Revelle Com-
mons. Later that day, at 8: 15, ' 
he will give a public lecture on 
II Academic Freedom and Aca-
demic License" at the Revelle 
Main Dining Hall. Alte r ward, 
there will be an informal dialog 
with Dr. Kirk in the Beagle Guest 
Apartment. 

The ASUCSD is holding a dallce 
~tn"lnrrow at 8:30 pm. strange 

, a popular local band will 
and the Glass Eye wlll 
'nl'~'~/>I,t a light show. 

" 

wgcht H SfdP¢4-
Confessions from a 
Smoke-Filled Room 

by Larry Raful 
The most vocal criticism of last week' s column came from a sur-

prising (at any rate, ] was surprised) corner of UCSD--the varsity 
athle tics. It was a bit scary. I was shown to a chair, the door was 
closed and locked, and then my column was tom down bit by bit. 
[ almost e?,pected hot white lights and a man with a scar on his face 
demanding, "U you do not tell us all ve vant to know, ve har vays of 
making you talk. " 

Actually, it wasn't that bad. I learned some things that [ had 
not known before. Therefore, [ shall also devote this column to the 
scholarship problem in hopes of making my position clear. 

As it was stated before, there is no halfway point - either we start 
scholarships or never give them, rt is that simple. But there is one 
point that needs to be brought out here. [was wrong last week in 
assuming all the athletes were brought here by accident. Many of 
our fine plJyers were recruited by coaches. The question at hand 
is how they were recruited. 

Recruitment in itself is not bad. A UCSD coach can go to a high 
school athlete and say, "Come to UCSD. [ can promise you will be 
able to receive an education comparable to that of any school in the 
country." He can promise the kid a chance to play, and even promise 
him a job in the gym earning $50 a month. 

I don't consider any of this scholarship, including the job. It is 
only natural to have an athlete work in the cage handling equipment 
instead of someone who doesn't know the difference between a soccer 
and football shoe, or a tennis and badminton racket. After all, the 
biology department wouldn't want a lab assistant who didn't know the 
difference between H 0 and H SO , 

Unfortunately, some of the athletes are unhappy here because it 
is hard to squeeze into one week; gOing to classes, studying, practice, 
traveling at times, working part time, and a little recreation. Thev 
claim they were brought here with false promises and unfulfilled 
expectations. One guy told me he felt there should be enough sub-
sidation offered to athletes so all they had to do was go to school 
and practice . But I can't agree at all to that. U an athlete can't 
keep his grades up, he should either drop athletics or transfer schools. 

Listen-- l'm as interested in and support UCSD athletics as much 
as anyone here. But if our reputation as an outstanding academic 
institution with a fairly good athletic program Isn't enough to bring 
an athlete here, then [ don't know if he should come here. 

I hate to sound like an SDS member (Lord, please forgive me), 
but the time is right for change. In the past, athletes have been given 
money to come to college. UCSD is the place to change this. There 
hasn' t been a time In the history of the owrld when the need for college 
education for all was as important as it is today. 

UCSD should use the scholarship money to help students who are 
f~nancially in need. U one of these happens to be another O.J. Simpson, 
flOe. But we can not and must not go out in search of athletes for 
athletics sake. UCSD is the perfect place for the "New College" 
of the future; and it's motto wlll be something really wild idealistic 
and imaginitive - something like "All men are creat~d equal." 

But it's not the future yet; it's still the present, and we still have 
to settle this question. I am an athlete, and a student, and a sports 
columnist . In all of these poSitions, [ am convinced that we should 
not give scholarships. For this stand I will be castigated and cri-
ticised . 

But [ am also a human being. and in good raith, [ cannot bring my-
self to accept what the athletic depart rent proposes. 1 think of Sir 
Thomas More in "A Man for all Seasons", and remember the words 
of Hamlet , "This above all; to thine own self be true." 

Pm sorry, Coach, but in my heart I believe that the time for change 
is here and now. It I didn't write what [ believed in, I could not hope 

:> stay true to myself. 

Your Faculty 
advisor asks you 
for advice? 

Think it over; over coffee. 
The Think Drink. 

ror.owro""n TI'I ·n" Dr tl' ~u • •• _nd 7!1( ,,,dye,,, n' '''. , o'Id .dd',Ulo' 
Thin. 0".'111 Mu • • DIDI N. P 0 lOll 5~ • Nt.Vork. N y 1004& Ttlf'lnlt,".1 on,IColferO, •• n,",.on 

SPORTS 
SHORTS 

football 
Next year's head football head 

coach Bobbie Lane has called a 
meeting of all returning varsity 
fo otball players and other in-
terested students. The meeting 
will be held on Wednesday, Feb. 
26 at 7:30 p.m. in the P.E. 
classroom in the north balcony 
of the gym, and all people in-
terested in playing interCOl-
legiate football next year should 
attend. 

Golf 
The ,UCSD golt team lost to 

a powerful Cal Western team, 
7-47, in a home match last 
Monday. The Triton team show-
ed great improvement, despite 
their low score. John Bremer 
was low medalist for the Tri-
tons with a 79. To indicate 
the strength of Cal Western, 
six Westerners shot in the low 
70's. Last Friday's home match 
against Cal Poly Pomona ended 
In a 30-24 victory for the Tri-
tons. 

Baslcetball 
Voting tor the NAJA playoffs 

has been postponed because of 
the closeness of the contend-
ing teams. The decision will 
be available on Feb. 26. Be-
cause of the postponement, Sat-
urday' s game against Cal Luth-
eran will be an important one 
for our great Triton cage team. 

Swimming 
The Triton swim team won 

their only home match of the sea-
son, 53-51 over UC RiverSide 
last Friday. Don Martinelli was 
the best swimmer of the meet, 
taking first in the individual med-
ley, second in the butterfly, and 
participating on the medley re-
lay which took first. The med-
ley relay was won by the Tri-
tons in a record 4:08.4 time. 

Home Games 
Feb. 21 - Frosh basketball vs. 
San Diego State, 7:30 p.m. 
Feb. 24 - Tennis vs. Cal West-
ern, 2:30 p.m. 
Feb. 28 - Tennis vs. Redlands 
2:30 p.m. ' 
Feb. 28 - Golt vs. Cal State 
Fullerton, 12: 30 p. m. 

,I Trav.I ........................... 13 
- . . -6TH .NNUAl EUIIOI'IJETFUGHTS 

$275 .... ~ ... ip f ...... Lot ,,"-el .. 
Y ... .......... cleperlu, .. fro ... 1 to 
11 ..... . 

SI'IOAI. S .... NO QUAml'UGHT 
Morcll 'O-J_'.LA,/'-" .. Am".,,/ 
l .. . - 5255, All nithh .. io u.S. 
C ............ irfito ... 
Worlol ./Ioin 0 .. - 4346 0". ... 
land ..... Cu ..... City /2 131 u-. 
93291 m'l- I , : & 

February 21, 1969 Page "! 

Ruggers Drop Thriller 

to Cal State 17 to 12 
UCSD lost to Cal state L.A. 

12-17 In a brutal rugby game 
last Saturday. The much-out-
weighed Triton team fought hard 
throughout the match giving out 
as much punishment as they re-
ceived. A liberal amount of 
blood flowed from each team. 

Cal state dominated both 
scrums and lineouts, but due to 
hard open field tackling by the 
3/4 Une and back rows of the 
Triton scrum their posseSSion 
was of no avail. 

UCSD opened the scoring with 
a strong scrum drive of 60 
yards led by Natheson. From 
a line out on the 2 yard line the 
prop, Craig, burst through the 
opposition for the try. 

The play flowed up and down 
the field with neither side domi-

nating. Cal State won the ma-
jority of the set pieces, but UCSD 
broke up their attack by brutal 
cover defence. 

Just prior to the hali the Cal 
state sc rum half scampe red over 
the line for a well deserved try. 
Further scoring was a re sult of 
fine place kicking by Se rtic of 
UCSD and the prop from Cal State. 

The second halt ended up as 
a place- kicking duel, both kickers 
succeeding from difficult angles. 
With five minutes re maininlZ the 
score had narrowed to 14- 12-
in favor of Cal State . UCSD 
drove hard into the oppositions 
territory, coming close several 
times. Finally, in the last minute 
of play the Cal State scrum half 
culinated a drive and scored in 
the corner to ice the contest. 

Injuries Hurt Matmen 
at Biola Tourney 

The UCSD wrestling team ran 
into hard times as they got a 
case of the "Biola Screws" put 
on them last weekend at the 
Biola Tournament. The Tri-
tons came home empty handed 
with only a fourth place to their 
credit. 

Coach Millenbah expressed his 
unhappiness with the showing 
of the team in general and the 
poor running of the tourney. 

Hard timtS at the NAlA Dis-
trict m tournament stared the 
Tritons in the eyes as their three 
top wrestlers are out with ill-
ness or injuries. Bob Wilson 
(130) and Fred Grunewald (167) 
both have mono and Phil Cost-
ello is suffering from a sprain-
ed ankle. The Tritons who look-
ed so powerful during the sea-

son will not be able to pre sent 
as awesome a performance a-
gainst their NAlA opponents. 

For last week, Tom Grant 
(152) and Ed Couvrette (heavy-
weight) were named outstand-
ing wrestlers of the Riverside 
match as both m€il wo:! by pins. 
At the Biola tournament, Fred 
Grunewald defeated opponents 
from Claremont Mudd College, 
San Fernando Valley, and River-
side and lost to wrestlers from 
Cal State Los Ange les and San 
Diego State. The 3-2 perform-
ance was good enough for fourth 
place and his third wrestler of 
the week award. 

After the District tournament 
weekend, the Tritons will face 
Pomona College on Tuesday, 
February 25 to finish their suc-
cessful season. • 

INTRAMURALS 
BOI and the Butfakes met each 

other in the semi-finals olthe in-
tramu ral basketball champion-
ship on Wednesday evening, as 
dtd the Weasels and Seamen. 
Results of the games were not 
available at the time this article 
was written. 

The championship game, in-
volving the winners mf these two 
games, will be held tomorrow 
at 11:00 a.m. At the conclusion 
ot the losers bracket the winner 
will play the winne r of the win-
ners bracket for the Intramural 
Championship. Open league 
championship play begins Feb. 23 
at 12:00 p.m. in the gym. 

Two-man volleyball begins 
Feb. 23 at 10:00 a.m. All par-
ticipants are asked to be on 
hand. Those who show up will 
begin first round play of the dou-
ble e llmination. 

The badminton tournament will 
be held each Tuesday and Thurs-
day at 12:00 p.m. until I:OOp.m. 
All participants should have the 
information sheet with every-
one's phone numbers. Please 
inform the intra murals office of 
your advance in the brackets. 

The table tennis tables have 
arrived. Sign up sheets are 
posted at the entry way to the 

men's and women's locker 
rooms. Matches wUl begin 
March 1. Deadline for sign ups 
is Feb. 26. Play will be the 
best two out-of-three 21- point 
games, and will be double eli-
mination. 

The intramural track meet will 
be held in the spring due to the 
rain and poor condition of the 
tr ck. 

Men and women will partici-
pate in the intramural swim meet 
to be held Feb. 28. Sign up 
sheets are posted at the entry 
way to the men's and women's 
locker rooms. The events to 
be he Id are also listed. There 
will be qualification rounds (or 
five girls to go to the All-Cal 
Sport Day at Riverside Mrch 
16 and 17. 

Rosters for softball may be 
picked up at the intramural olfice . 
Deadline date for roster turn in 
is March 14. Rosters must be 
in at this time so that we may 
get some idea of the number of 
teams signing up fOl co- ed and 
men's softball. A complete ros-
ter is not necessa ry, and names 
may be added up tc the third 
game. It is, howevel , very Im-
portant that the rc ster s are 
turned In by March 14. 

(10% with A.S. Card) 
SOUTH AMERICA: 

*Alpaca hats & ponchos! 
*Sensuous fur ruqs! 
*Anclent Andean idols! 
*Sympathetic Koala bears! 



Pase 8 February 21, 1969 
I 

: CAMPUS KIOSK 
I 

Friday, February 2~, 1969 
Flux Exhibi tion in Art Ga llery through Marc h 22 
Soaring Club Frisbee Contest, Revelle Plaza, II : 00 a. m. 
Alpha Phi Omega movie, " Magnificent Men and Their Flyi ng M achines" p lus " Ro d Runner" 

cartoon, USB l7l2, 7: 30 p . m., 50 cents 
Basketball with San Diego State, UCSD Gymnasium, 7:30 p. m . 
Arts &. Lectures - Renaissance Quartet, Sherwood Hall, reserved seating $3/$1 UCSD 

students, 8 : 30 p . m . 
M usic Department - Bert TuretLky Recital (contrabassist), UCSD Art Gallery, 8:30 p. m. 
Coffee Hut entertainment " Bob Phelps", 9:00 p . m. 

Saturday, February 22, 1969 
Jewi sh Student Association seminar on Contemporary Judaism - Sidney Strauss "Russian 

J udaism " a nd Zui Bar - Amut .. "Judaism in Am e rica a nd Israel" , HL Audllorium, 
10:00a.m . 

Alpha Phi Omega m ovie , " Magnifice nt Men and Their Flying Machines " pluS "Road Runne r" 
ca rtoon, USB l7ll, 7: 30 p. m., 50 cent s. 

A. S. Dance " Stra ng e Brew", v isuals by "The Glass Eye ", Muir Cafe teria, 8 : 30 p. m, fr e. 

Sunday , Februa ry 23, 1969 
Bridge Club, Informa l L ounge, 6: 30 p . m. 
Muir Films " Goldste m ", "The Flower Thief", USB l7l2, 7:30 p . m. 
M usic Departm e nt presents "The Dyi ng Alchemist", UCSD Gymnasium, 8: 30 p. m. 

Monday, February 24, 1969 
Tenni WIth Cal W es ter n , 2:30 p . m. 
Literature Department co lloquium, W. S. M e rw in will r ead a nd discuss his poetry, 

USB 4030A, 4:00 p . m. 
A. S. Senate meeting, lll -A Matthews C ampus, 6: 30 p. m . 
Solchelas, Info rmal Lounge, 6:30 p. m. 
AssoCIation for Computing M achine r y fi lm s o n List Processin g and Medical Applica t ions, 

USB 30 10, 7:00 p. m. 
Students for ResponSible Action, 3l0 W M atthews Campus, 7: 30 p. m. 
Music Depa rtm ent , W. O. Smith cla rinet concert, 4 09 Matthews Campus, 8: 30 p. m. 

Tuesday, February 25. 1969 
Students for a Democratic Socie ty, USB 3070, 7:00 p . m. 
Alpha Phi Omega ru.h meetlllg, Informal Loung , 7 00 p. m. 
Christian Science Organizati on, USB 40r;OA, 7: 30 p. m. 
Go Club, CoHee Hut, 8:00 p. m. • 
Art Department, Jac M cAllis te r "The Salk Ins titute ,lnd tht· Architecture of Louis Kah n ". 

HL Audito rlum, 8: 00 p. m. 
Unlv"T~ity Folk Dancers, Revelle M~in Dining H'lII, 8:30 p. m. 

Wednesday, February 26, 196 
Shum Language Club, Inter-Language Club Lou nge , 12:00 noon 
Basl'ball with UniverSIty of San Diego at Robb Field, l: 30 p. m. 
A.S . Lectures Committ e - infurmal dis(.us,iun with Ru .... 11 KlTk, Intormal Lounge. 

I:OOp.m. 
Alpha Phi Ome!1.a, USB 4030A, 6: 30 p. m. 
Language Club him, R"s8lan - 'Childhood of M.llom Gorki", usn l72l. 8:00 p. m. 
A.S. Lectures Comrnitlee. Rusbell Kirk IiAmerlldIl Frt' f'd lin and ACCJ,d~mic LICf'nSt·", 

Revelle M,lin Dining H"ll, 8: 15 p. m . 
Ski Club, USB 3010, 9:1)0 p. m. 
A. S. Lectures Comml\tl'c - "n IIlformal dlaloguf> with Russell Kirk, Be,IAI,· Gu,'st 

Apartment, '1: 10 p. m. 
Cuffee Hut movies ' Mask of Zorro" pluS a .hurt, q: lO p. m. 

Thursday, F bruary 1.7, 1'16'1 
Art . L. ct Ires present Leona rd 0 Garren "On the Rol nt Prut .. in Synthesis in i! rHmon 

Action', HL AuditOrium. 1: 15 p. m. 
Russi an Club, Inler-Lanau:,,," Club LounRe 
American Chit Liberties Union, a panel dlScusslon on studrnt dCtlvism . HL Auditorium, 

:00 p . m 

Friday, Februar} l8, Iq6q 
rrack, Inte r-Squad, tIme to be announced 
Golf With Cal State Full!'rton. 12: 31) p. m. 
TenniS with Redlands, l:30 p . m. 
Hi story Department presents Ernpst Nolte "The Inquiry into Facism". BSB 11 05 , Matthews 

Campus, 4 00 p. m. 
Alpha Phi OmeRa movie f'The Sile'nc!'rs " plus " Road Runnt'r' cartoon, USB l71.l, 7.31) p. m., 

50 cent·. 
Arts t. Lectures C4'ech Nonet Concert, Sherwood Hall, $3/$1 UCSD students , Res rVl'd 

seating, 8: 30 p. m . 
Music and Art Dcpartmt' nts • St!'ve paxton Dance Performance, Art Gallery, Matthews 

Campus, 8: 30 p . m 
Coffee Hut entertain.nent, 9:00 p. m . 

AdditIOn: 
Thursday, February 27, 19b'1 

~----------------------------------,,' THE 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF 

COllEGE STUDENTS 
announces 

COLLEGE STUDENTS 
J\UTOMOBILE 
INSUr~ANCE PROGRAM 

Under 21 yr old $ 11 00 Semi ·Annually 
Over 21 yr old S4G 00 SemI Annually 

(forquallfied students) 
Eve Il ow r rates for married & femal 

Does your policy gIve you All of these b(: .. "its fnr as Iowa pre 
mlum? 
1 20'1 DISCO '1 . scholastic 
2. l()'7, DISCO Nl on r newal 
3 Monthl y paym .1tS 
4 NO ANCELLATIO S du to driVIng record 
5 SPORTS CARS no additional charge 
6. NO 0 ' E DE 'LINED THIS ST DENT SPONSORED PRO RAM. 
This IS a sp clal program for allf ollege Student On ly 

For ImmedIate s rvlC and in fo rmation call 

CALIFORNIA COLLEGE STUDENT PROGRAM I 
2223 EI Coion Blvd. San Diego 

291-4335 . 
-

eagers 
Win T",o 
A hard-driving Triton basket-

ball team expanded their seasonal 
record to 18-6 this past weekend 
with wins over Cal- Tech on Fri-
day and Cal Baptist on Saturday. 

The game against Cal-Tech 
was no contest from the s tart, 

Six Tritons' scores reached 
the 14-mark, for a final score 
of 122-46. This sets a new scor-
ing high for the Tritons. The 
old mark was 114, also against' 
Cal-Tech earlier in the season. 

A hard-pressed and out-re-
bounded Cal-Baptis t team went 
down to the Tritons 92-61. Cal 
played a reasonably tight game 
throughout most of the fir s t half, 
but the UCSD players took ad-
vantage of a letup in the last 
minutes of the second period to 
run up a big lead by halftime. 

They came back hard in the 
second half also and played con-
sistent ball to the end. A hard 
press by the Tritons was the ma-
jor cause for Cal-BaptIst' s 24 
turnovers to UCSD' 3. The Tri-
tons also outrebounded Cal, 47-
29, to make the victory decisive. 

ANYONE . WISHING ' TO HELP 
in the formation and adminis-
tration of the Canadian inform-
ation Center should call Rick 
Chunn at 453-1165. This organ-
ization is designed to provide 
correct information to those 
planning to emigrate to Canada. 

MM--
THE UCSD REGISTRATION 

Committee has approved a grant 
of $3500 to the UCSD Soaring 
Club fOr the construction of a 
hangar at historic Torrey Pines 
Gliderport one mile north of the 
campus. 

The hangar, a modern canti-
lever structure specifically de-
signed as a low-cost shelter for 
gliders, will accommodate three 
full-sized sailplanes up to about 
60 feet wingspan. 

Until such time as UCSDSC 
has three planes, the extra space 
will be used to store equipment 
such as the launching winch. 
Space may also be made avail-
able to other campus or ganiza-
tions for eQuipment storage. 
:w»&+ • 

PRE-MED AND PRE-DENTAL 
students are invited to their 
quarterly meeting on Monday, 
February 24, at 7:30 p.m. in the 
Basic Science Bldg. of the Medi-
cal School, room 1105. 

Dr. Paul Saltman, who former-
ly taught at the Unive rsity of 
Southern California Medical 
School, will speak on "Your 
Future in Medicine." 

Bob Kavanaugh, coordinator of 
the Pre- Med Advisory Commit-
tee at UCSD will explain how and 
when to apply for medical school. 
The Medical College Admission 
Tests will be explained and test 
applications will be distributed, 

All pre-med and pre-dental 
students are welcome. It is a 
must for junior s. They will be-
gin applying for September 1970 
during spring quarter . All jun-
iors should register with the 
Pre-Med Advisory Committee 
beginning April 1 at the Revelle 
Provost's office. 

INFORMATION CONCERNING 
r.alifornia State employment op-
portunities is available in the 
Career- Educational Planning and 
Placement Office. 

Each year the State welcomes 
a s ignificant number of college 
men and women to employment 
in a variety of administrative, 
technical, and profeSSional pos-
itions. 

New State employees of cap-
acity and determination will have 
the chance early in their careers 
to advance to positions of con-
siderable responsibility. While 
the rate at which individuals will 
be promoted obviously depends on 
their personal ability and ini-
tiative , there is equal opportunity 
for all. 

The information available at 
the CE PPC contains descriptions 
of the pos itions that are typi-
cally available each year, includ-
ing educational requirements, 
employing departments, and the 
employment outlook as well as 
starting salary information. 

Most of the positions are avail-
able through the state Se rvice 
Entrance Examination. The 
deadline for application is March 
14, 1969, for the tes t to be given 
April 12, 1969. Application forms 
for the tes t also are available 
at the CEPPC, 250 Matthews 
Camplls , East Wing. 

A SPECIAL, INTENSIVE 
course on the techniques and 
research applications of bio-
medical telemetry will be pre-
sented June 25- 28 by the Univ-
ersity of California Extension, 
San Diego. 

The course will be co- spon-
sor ed by th Aerospace and 
Mechanical Engineering Sciences 

Department and the Department 
of Neurosciences, School of Med-
icine, UCSD, and the American 
Institute of Biological Sciences. 

Cost of the three-day seminar 
is $125 for professionals and 
$60 for graduate s tudents. Ad-
vance enrollment is required by 
June 2. 

For a descriptive brochure 
and scholarship information, 
contact Mrs. Pat Austin, Univ-
ersity Extension, P. O. Box 109, 
La Jolla, Calif. , 92037, or phone 
area code 714, 453-2000, ext-
ension 2061. 

- .. 
"THE RISK OF TAKING A 

STAND" is the message Sun-
day at 10 a.m., University Lu-
theran Church, across the str eet 
from the Revelle College park-
ing lot. The traditional liturgy 
is the medium. All are wel-
come. 

The second in a series of 
living room Communions and 
discussions on contemporar y 

Christology is set for next Thurs-
day. Cars leave from the church 

, at 7:00 p.m. 

THE SEVENTH ANNUAL 
GRADUATE ACADEMY will be 
hosted by the UCLA Graduate 
students Association at the Lake 
Arrowhead Conference Center, 
March 23-25, 1969. 

Following the keynote address 
by President Charles J. Hitch, 
discussion will focus on the 
changing role and direclion of 
the University. 

Graduate Students in all dis-
ciplines and from each campus 
of the Univer sity are encouraged 
to apply. 

Transportation, room and 
board will be provided for all 
participants. 

For more information contact 
the UCLA Graduate Students As-
sociation, 331 Kerckhoff Hall, 
308 Westwood Plaza, Los Ang-
eles, 90024 (phone UCLA 51050). 

THERE ARE SIX POOL AND 
two pingpong tables in the pool 
room located at the northeast 
corner of Blake. 
Mon - Thurs; 1 p.m, - 11 p. m. 
Fri - Sat; 1 p.m. - 11 a.m. 
Sunday 4 p.m - 11 p.m. 
p 

LEARN SHUM. SHUM WILL 
allow us to see life as the full-
ness that it is . As we learn each 
portrait, we can then sort that 
experience into the new dimen-
sion of completeness. Each Wed-
nesday, noon until 1:00 p.m., in 
the language lounge. 

FOR SALE: 1967 Corvette, 
2 tops, scrifice. Call 427-4350, 
evenings 453-1998. 

FOR SALE: 1962 Chevy Bel-
Air. Four-door, excellent con-
dition. Asking $800, Call 453-
1850 after 7:00 and ask for Barry. 

Bass Viol: blonde finish, carv-
ed spruce, ebony fingerboard, 
steel s trings. Including case , 
stand, and bow. $250. P. Carter, 
453-2685. 

FOR SALE: Washer, kitchen 
table . 454-2001 or 453-2000, 
ext. 1892. Joan Onffroy, UCSD 
Senior. 

CAMERAS: 35mm Leica with 
telephoto and wide angle len-
ses, and 4x5 Crown Graphic with 
accessories. John Moore, 4540 
College Ave. , 582-4235. 

Free Guinea Pigs and cage; 
2 males (2 mo. old) 1 female. 
Call Sharon or Doug at 755-36Z6. 


