
Athletic Situation M • M --.... -=-=::::0. 
Inyestigated 

Two weeks ago, the Triton 
Times introduced the UCSDcom-
munity to the athletic controversy 
that is developing over the future 
policy to be pursued with res-
pect to intercollegiate athletics 
on this campus. 

On this page, several of the 
documents that deal with this 
matter are printed, one in edi-
ted form. These items help 
to bring to light some of the 
issues involved, and have been 
reprinted with the pe rmission 
of the authors and the co-oper-
ation of the Chance llor. 

The Intercollegiate Athletic 
Advisory Committee was ap-
pointed by Chancellor McGill to 
advise him in making a decision 
of athletic policy. The committee 
was chaired by Frank Thiess, 
professor of mathematics. Other 
members of the committee were: 

~ ~~ 
~- ~ 
~ ~ 
~O;:J:td 
::r ... o ca 
ca II' ...... 

~ca~ 
3;.... ca 
0 ..... 3;...., 
cf c+ c: ca 
ca c+ ..... ~ 
;i ..... ... 
ca en 
::s 0' aq & 
ct"'< 0 ... 

< ..... 
• c::... (I) ~ 

~ ... ct 

i 
::s • &. 

V\ S:;:-\;.J '" 
Hugh Bradner, professor of eng-
ineering physics and geophysiCS; 
Geor ge Murphy, dean of student 
affairs; Ted Forbes, chairman of 
the physical education depart-
ment; Howard Hunt, physical 
education instructor, Tom Shep-
ard, AS President; Ron Melvin, 
Muir senior; and Jeffrey Mc-
Comb, Revelle junior. 

[AAla~@ooal1v OO~[p@OOI1 
I am writing in connection 

with Frank Thiess' memoran-
dum to you, dated December 
5, (Majority Report of the Ath-
letic Committee) regarding the 
future cour se of intercollegiate 
athletics at UCSO. I do so to 
describe my own discomfort over 
the basic recommendation of-

Dr. Theiss submitted the com-
mittee report to the Chancellor 
on December 5. Subsequently, 
on Decemhfr 6, Dean Murphy fer.ed by t.he Intercolle.giate ~th­
filed It minority report with the lehc AdvlS?fJ'. CommIttee, I.e., 
Chancellor, endorsed by Shepard that U~SD mltIate a pr ogram of 
Bradner, and himselL ' finanCIal grants to athletes. 

Tom Ham, havfug received the With the committee, I have 
majority report of the committee ag?nized over the problem in-
and Mm-pfly 's dissenting report eVltably posed by intercollegiate 

rote to McGill, reg1&tering hi~ athletics -- that we must buy 
complaints and presenting a sec- athletes in order to compete with 
ond minority report. His letter other schools which buy athletes. 
was d:tted December 19. True as this may be, I cannot 

shake the nagging fee ling that the 
Finally, tdking into consider- cure, in this instance, is worse , 

ation the fact that nearly half than the disease. 
o! the original committee W'lS I do not question the good faUh 
dissatisfied with th~ (ina: report or best intentions of my fellow, 
Thiess again wrote to Chancello; committee members. r cannot 
McGill, stating that the com- deny the disadvantage we are 
mlttee had decided to reconsider put at by refusing to offer aid 
its recommenda.tions. to athletes. I recognize the de-

The chief point of disagree- bilitaUng impact of a perpetual 
ment seems to be the awarding Imbalance in athletic comp-
of flnancial grants t(, athletes. etltlOn. Yet I am absolutely con-
The majority report of the comm- vinced that once the camel's nose 
ittee proposes that SUb3idizatlon is in the tent, our ability to 
for athletes, not to e(ceerl the limit further intrusion is gone. 
amount o[ incidental ["',.s, should Once we have placed a premium 
be .financed by private~rants. of on carrying a football, rather than 

hlCh half would go til athletes, on academic excellence or on 
and halt to academic scholar- scholastic promise coupled with 
ships. need, t1.e only Question that re-

mains is how moch will we pay 
to get athletic skill level we 
need. 

If other good universities, in 
a well-intentioned conference 
outside it, are buying athle tes 
for more than fees, we will pay 
mor e than fees for exactly the 
same reasons that prompted us 
to offer athletic awards in the 
first instance. And our expect-
ation to control this spiral' is 
fatuous since control rests in! 
other hands than ours. 

Accordingly, and with great 
reluctance because I cannot offer 
any real alternative, I must dis-
sent from the committee's advice 
to you. Hugh Bradner and Tom 
Shepard join me in this minority 
report. 

George Murphy 
Dean of student Affairs 

11[M] a~~~ ti\OO@OOI1~ OO~[P@OOI1 
Because of the st rong feelings 

expressed by the student Senate, 
Provosts Saitman and Stewart, 
and the minority r eport submitted 
to you by three of our members, 
the Intercollegiate Athletic Advi-
sory Committee ha,; decided at a 
subsequent meetin, to reconside r 
our recommendation on the cour-
se of intercollegiate athletics 
which was made to you las t De-
cember 5. This is regrettable 
since the December 5 proposal 
was an attempt to nnd a middle-
ground and incorporated ideas of 
the entire Committee. 

The Intercollegiate Athletic A-
dvisory Committee now feels that 
we must abandon our original 
proposal for "Triton Awards" to 
student athletes (and non- ath-
letes) and as a consequence of 
this decision it will be necessary 

to postpone indefinitely consider-
ations for joining the California 
Collegiate Athletic Association 
or any other conference pr esently 
in existence. 

It should be pointed out that the 
problems discussed in the De-
cember letter will continue to 
trouble our athletic program un-
til we can find workable alter -
natives to our original proposals 
that are acceptable to the aca-
demic community. This commit-
tee shall continue to address it-
se lf to these problems, however 
I feel that it is important that 
those who have expressed inter-
est and concern with the course 
of athletics at UCSD should be 
apprised of our current problems 
and the details of our December 
5 proposals. 

---Dr. Frank Theiss 

~·~me5 
7, 1969 

[AAlti\D © ~ aWl{ [fa rn [f)@ [~riJ @~ ~ @[AAl [AAl ai]lil~ ~ 
to a like philosopny governmg intercollegiate ath-
letics . SpecificaUy, we have in mind the California 
Collegiate Athletic Association containing UC-Ri-
verside, UC-Irvine, Cal State Fullerton, Cal Poly 
Pomona, and Cal Poly San lA.tis Obispo. To solve 
the problem of aid we prUlJUse LClal aelore joining 
this or a similar conference, all members agree 
that athletic awards must not exceed mandatory 
student fees. 

This campus, in addition to conforming to such 
a conference ruling should initiate a program of 
student awards which exhibits areasonablebaIance 
between athletics and other student activities . Funds 
for assisting the students would come exclusively 
from private donations and would be given as a 
"Triton Award". 

For each dollar donated to the "Triton Award" 
Fund, one half would be awarded to students on 
the basis of their participation in intercollegiate 
sports .... while the other half would be awarded 
to students on the basis of their scholarship, par-
ticipation in the arts, journalism, student govern-
ment, or other criteria the Award Committee deems 
appropriate. This program would be administered 
through regular University channels. 

It is our opinion that as long as high academic 
standards are maintained in the classroom, those 
participating in intercollegiate athletics shaU be 
students first and athletes second. The validity of 
this opinion is clearly evidenced -by {he compati-
bility of healthy athletic programs and a high level 
of scholarship at such universities as Harvard, 
Princeton, Stanford, and UC Berkeley. 

This Committee is very much aware of a con-
cern expressed by many: namely, bow can this cam· 
pus be assured that this pr oposed program of in-
tercollegiate athletics will not become graduall. 
professionalized as the year s progress . The UCSD 
Physical Education Department has assured us that 
they are committed to a balanced program that 
avoids "big time" athletics. This committee. to-
gether with the Committee on Educational Policy, 
can assure a proper role for intercollegiat" athle-
tics, as advocated here , and guard against a pro-
gram that is not in keeping with sound educational 
practices. 

To help us accomplish this pur pose, we propose 
that our intercollegiate athletic program stay with 
the following guidelines: 

1. Triton Awards cannot exceed mandatory stu-
dent fees. Funds for these shall be exclusive-
Iv from private donations. 

l. students must maintain a GPA of 2.0 and be 
making normal prgress toward their degree 
in order to partiCipate in intercollegiate athle-
tics. Those students admitted under special ac-
tion shall be ineligible to participate in inter-
collegiate atbletics until they have proven their 
competence by establishing a GPA of 2.0. 

3. All financial assistance for athletes will be the 
same as for non-athletes and will be admini-
stered through the Financial Aids Office. 

4. Any income accruing through interCOllegiate 
athletic events shall be deposited in an income 
account designated l.,nallocated Registration 
Fees, and shall be institutional funds. The in-
tercollegiate athletic program shall be com-
pletely budgeted from institutional funds, and 
shall not exceed the average per studpnt of aU 
the University of California campuses. 

(TOM HAM LETTER ON NEXT PAGE) 



Page 2 Febr uary 7. 1969 . 
~~----------------~.--

have received in the mail 
Frank Thiess' memorandum of 
December 5, as well a ., a min-
ority report from Georg.~ S. Mur-
phy, a member of the intercol-
legiate Athletics Advisory Com-
mittee. GeOl'ge Murphy has, in 
filing his minority report offered 
me the opportunity to file my 
minority report. 

First, let me point out that 
this committee put a ·yoke 
around the neck" of IntercoIIe-
glate Athletics at UCSD by saying 
that monies for financial grants 
to athletes must: 

A. be raised entirely from 
private sources with the stipu-
lation that only 50 cents out of 
every dollar can be used for 
financial grants to student ath-
letes; 

B. neither gate r eceipts at 
athletic events , nor student fees 
can be used to finance grants 
to student athletes. 

recognized ills and also over 
reacted. 

The university does not belong 
alone to the Academic Commun· 
ity, but is in reality a corpor-
ation whose directors reside on 
campus and whose stockholders 
are the taxpayers. This cam-
pus can not continue in San Diego 
without the whole-hearted sup-
port of the majority of its stock-
holders, and 1 am told by those 
elected to serve in Sacramento 
that public funds arc gettingtight-
er and private funds are a nec-
essary "evil". If that is the 
case, and the univers ity continues 
to lock the door to private cit-
izens involvement with the univ-
ersity in any way, then how can 
UCSO possibly attain the stature 
that the Academic Community 
envisions? 

The Academic Community at 
UCSD stands proud in say!ngthat 
full financial assistance can be ' 
given to purchase an outstanding 
scholar. but when the time comes 
that money is needed to assist 
a scholar athlete, then we will 
be invoLved in the dirty game 
of purchasing athletes. 

It is my opinion that the stu-
dents benefit greatly by team 
participation with other univer-
sities, that private contributors 
become involved with their univ-
ersity and begin to get their nose 
in the door, which ultimately 
leads to major university contri-
butions in a meaningful financial 
way. 

Accordingly, and with no hes-
itation, because I can offer a 
real alternative, I must also dis-
sent, as did Mr. Murphy, from 
the committee's advice to you. 

Over the past 30 years, I 
have contributed in time and 
money pr oudly to my univer-
s ity, and have never found a day 
darker than it exists today for 
me in the role of an "apostle" 
of the University of California. 
I find it ditficult to sell either 
the elected officials, the com-
mUnity, or the alumni on the univ-
er sity. 

The Academic Community is 
placing impossible r estrictions 
upon the private sector for fund 
raising if we only get 50 cents 
out of every dollar for scholar-
ships, as well as limiting an 
athletic program to mediocrity. 
This Athletic Advisory Com-
mittee is no different than the 
taxpayers reaction to the Univer-
sity bond in November . The 
taxpayers recognized ills and 
over reacted, and this committee 

I propose that UCSD continue 
in the direction of big time ath-
letics. I wouid descr ibe big 
time athletics as, "that athletic 
program that is on a par with 
the academic program of the 
institution." Since UCSO's pri-
mary academic goal is to become 
the outstanding institution in Cal-
ifornia, then I would expect an 
athletic pr ogram that would allow 
UCSD to compete with institu-
tions of equal educational ob-
jectives. 

Finally, I feel that there is 
a real urgency for prompt ac-
tion because of problems inher-
ent to a corporation whose ma-
jorit y stock holders are in dis-
sent. 

~~:::::: :~~:~~~~::~~~:~~~~~~~~~:~~~~~ 

~itO~gjDicS 
'. 
" 
" i~ 
" ., 
" ;, 
'$ l' ~l 

S~ 
!~ 
" 

EDITOR IN l.HlEF 
John McCarthy 

1\EW5 EDITGR 
Steve Landau 

SPORTS EDITOR 
Bob Gorby 

FL'iE ARTS EDITOR 
Paul Hamburg 

PHOTOGRAPHY EDITOR 
Doug Easton 

STAFF SECRETARY 
Peggy Braunstein 

STAF F WRITERS 
Bill Alaoglu 
Clayton Anderson 
Mike Duca 
Randy f_ ricson 
Jeri "ray man 
Eric Halgren 
Portia LaTollche 
Kerwin LebE>is 
Larry Haful 
Ray Seavers 
Craig Starr 
John Sussman 

~lANAGING EDITOR 
Chris Sheldon 

AD MA1\AGER 
John Demirjian 
FEATUHE EDITOR 
Tom Baker 

COpy EDITOR 
Haywood Gammon 

COPY CREW 
Nancy Keys 
Chris Pflugfelder 
CARTOONIST 
Hob Cohen 
PHOTOGRAPHY 
Lenny Bourin 
.'.. lbc!'t F'17:t'i 
Jay Kromschroeder 
FINE ARTS 
Joel Goodman 
Richard Harris 
Dave Sacherman 
JCSTOWRITERS 
Judy Alsberg 
Marianne Decker 
Suzanne Nester 
Cindy Nielson 
Dave Stearns 

Office: 250 MC 
Phone: Ext. 1077 

E[ 

Berkeley Hit by Student Strike 
students at the Univer sity of 

Calitornia at Berkeley, who are 
striking in support of a Third 
World College, have clashed with 
police for the past several days. 
The confrontations have r esu lted 
in about 20 arrests . Three 
policemen r equir ed hospital-
ization and a number of students 
were administered first aid. 

At present about 60 to 75 stu-
dents are participating in 
a strike-line in front of the cam-
pus entrance . About 200 police- . 
men are stationed a block away 
in a university parking facility. 

Both Berkeley Chancellor 
Heyns and UC President Hitch 
issued s tatements supporting 
Gove rnor Reagan ' s action in de-
claring a s tate of emergency at 
Berkeley. This enables the in-
stantaneous calJ-up of s tate po-
lice in s ituations where the ad-
ministration feels it is war ranted. 

In the meantime the ASUCB 
Senate voted Wednesday by a 
vote of 11-0-1 to support the 
closing of the university campus 
if events call for that action. 
The Daily Californian, Berk-
eley's campus newspaper, in a 

Wednesday editorial also sup-
ported the closing of the campus. 

However a spokesman for the 
Daily Cal indicated that it would 
probably not come to such a 
drastic action. He said that 
las t week a crowd of about 1500 
paraded through the central cam-
pus area in support of the strik-
ers, but s ince then there hav/! 
not been demonstrations any-
where near that size. The 
spokesman said that although 
those who support the strike 
ha ve for the most part acti ve ly 
partiCipated, their numbers do 
not appear to be large. 

.--- -----------------r. ,!iiRa • . February 7. 1969 Pdg~ 3 S~:" St¥-. , L~ I More Adventures of Muir Governmen' L-__________ ~ ________________________ ~ 
The emergence of Ten Years After Last year marked the coming 

to light of the second generation British blues bands. The first was 
led, of course, by such groups as the stones, Yardbirds. Mayall, 
BeatJes, and etc. Of these groups Mayall has remained constantly 
in a blues bag. The Yardbirds are no more, the Stones have just 
recently returned to the roots, and the Beatles are long gone on their 
own trip. 

So now what? Enter the second generation bLues revolution, lead 
by Ten Years After, Savoy Brown, Jethro Tull, FLeetwood Mac and 
a new group to hit the scene, Led Zepplin, lead by ex-Yardbird 
Jim my Page. I think the release of new albums by both T. Y.A. and 
Tull here can serve as a good example of what's happening with this 
new wave. 

Ten Years Alter's new record, "Stonehenge" marks a departure 
from the format laid down in the previous two albums. On those 
records, ALvin Lee is the overwhelming leader of the group. He 
totally dominated the sound in that he both sings and plays lead guitar. 

The rest of the group. composed of Chick Churchill on organ, Leo 
Lyons on bass, and Ric Lee on drums, were merely a good back-up 
group (it you listened hard you knew they were damn good) except, 
in a few given moments In which they were allowed solos. 

But Lee was tops. He plays an incredibly fast, at Umes sloppy, 
at times very accurate guitar. Needless to say, it's overwhelming 
live. 

But times change. The new album is a step in a direction that can 
only be forward. Its real pleasure to listen to in that it's incredibly 
tight and smooth and together. Lee has slowed down but in the process 
has gotten, I feel much more accurate and sounds a hell of a lot 
better for It. 

The main factor is that each member of the group is now an in-
dividual, within the broad limits of the group that is Ten Years After. 
Each one has to be heard , each has too much to be kept in the back-
ground. Each gets a cut on the record all to himself and on the re-
maining tracks t/ley're all there. 

All in all, T. Y.A.'s head is in a good place and is getting better as 
time progresses, and they seem to be moving as fast as some of their 
own work. 

Jethro Tull is a group using a Roland Kirk nute type thing along 
with a clean Clapton blues Cream approach on the instrumentaLs. 1 
really can't say much about these cats because they really have to 
be heard to be believed. 

----~------~~~--On what's happening In San Diego: Spirit is good, Spirit is worth 
seeing; Spirit will be here on Feb. 21 at Cal Western. Also on the 
same show is Lee Michaels, who arrives on stage with only the 
Hammond organ, a lot of speakers, and one drummer. Word.is he 
is really good and If he ' s anywhere near his album (Recital) live, 
be's wortb seel.Dc. l( C. and L.B. 

Lee Michaels 

AS Senate Notes 
AS President Tom Shepherd announCed tnat there will be s tudent 

representation on the Academic Committee for Long Ran~ Planning. 
He saw this as a valuable outlet for the exercise of student leadership. 
The Ike and Tine Turner entertainment los t $800. Ineffective publicity 
was partly blamed. An attempt is being made to obtain a marquee, 
donated in part by Gulf Oil Co., to be used for publicity purposes. 

An application has been made for student fund s for a proposed new 
campus newspaper to be called Perspective. It was commented that 
the newspaper would be politically conservative. 

An elaborate fiesta is planned for May 23-24. It will include carnival-
like booths and a university open house. It will open witll a huge bonfire 
repr esenting the burning of Old Man Pre judicio. U interested in 
he lping, contact John Collins , Ext. 1918. 

A resolution was unanimously passed expressing Senate s upport tor 
the following solution of UCSD's snack-bar difficulties: the students 
should operate all snack-bar facilities on campus with some arrangement 
made for use of meal cards in the snack bars. 

After heated discussion a resolution was passed 3-2 directing the 
Communications Board to move and support the removal of funds 
trom campus station KSDT until more responsibilito is shown in its 
management. DissatlstacUon was expr essed with the Quatity of broad-
casting being turned out. 

The Muir Residence Hall 
Presidents' CounCil decided 
Wednesday evening to cut the 
rhetoric and get something done. 
Withdrawing last week's state-
ment as based on the eroneous 
assumption that only a govern-
ment had sufficient power to get 
something done, the Presidents 
agreed to get moving in areas 
of action open to them now. They 
directed their chairman, Val 
Quoidbach, to present an agenda 
for the Council to act upon in 
its next meeting. 

The suggestions offered for 
that agenda indicated that the 
council will assume mainly an 
advisory role in Muir College 
Affairs to become a vehicle 
through which the energy. ideas, 
and Imagination of students may 
be tapped. 

A major activity in this area, 
because of an announcement last 
night by Provost Stewart. will 
be to suggest committee ap-
pointments . The announcement 
by the Provost was that the Muir 
College Executive Committee had 

LETTERS 
Dear Editor: 

Having participated in inter-
collegiate athletics as a player 
and coach tor the past eight years 
at the University of Cali!ornia 
(Riverside and San Diego), I 
feel the need to comment on the 
rising furor over athletic sub-
sidization. 

On the surface the program 
for subsidization as outlined by 
Jeff McCombs in last week' s 
paper, appears harmless. But we 
must ask ourselves if the subsidi-
zation program, once s tarted, 
wjlJ be allowed to remain at the 
low level? I think that it would 
be naive to believe so. 

Let us fir st look back to last 
year when the students of UCSD 
voted to allow inte rco llegiate 
football here. At that time the 
proponents argued for s mall time 
football, "I ike Cal Tech". 

Nowa year later subs idization 
Is being pushed. What next year? 

The story of what happened at 
UC Riverside might also give 
some insight into the situation 
at UCSD. In the early 1960's 
there was no subsidization of 

. a thletes at UCR. In 1964, mainly 
due to pressure from the athl-
etic department a program of 
"activity awards was initiated. 
These were given to anyone with 
special skills that could enrich 
the university, be it a cellist, 
painter or Quarterback. 

Next year UCR embarks on a 
program of "grant-in-aid" to 
athletes which probably only dU-
fers in magnitude from USC or 
JCLA 

Educa'ional Policy 
~ommi"ee Named 

The Academic Senate of UCSO 
has established a special com-
mittee responsible for propos-
ing to the Senate Committee on 
Educational Policy courses which 
deal with issues of contemporary 
concern. 

This com mittee will e ncourage 
and assist students or student 
groups in proposal of courses . 

Students interested in pro-
posing a course should contact 
anyone of the faculty members 
listed below: 

CarLos BLanco (Literature), 
Martin Chamberlain (University 
Extension). William Frazer 
(Physics), Joseph GusCield, 
Chairman (Sociology), Michael 
Parrish (History), and Joseph 
Watson (Chemistry). 

voted to allow students as fully 
participating members of all fa-
culty committees. 

ALthough these members will 
probably be appointed by Ken 
Patric, head of the Muir Pro-
visional Government, the Presi-
dents' Council could offer names 
for him to consider. 

The Councn could ask groups 
such as the Culinary Co-op and 
the Resident Advisors to report 
to them. They could discuss and 
recommend decisions in many 
areas. Especially appropriate for 
discussion would be the prob-
lems associated with next year's 
residence halls. These include: 
policies of all sorts, who will use 
the Mandeville Suite, and for 
what use will the " Vacant lot", 
a large unallocated room in the 
New Muir Commons. The design 
and policy of the second unit of 
residence halls to be on campus 
apartments could be discussed. 

At present Muir, the formati on 
of an Honors Program as prom-
ised in the catalogue could be 
undertaken. Areas of less clear 

Another point made by Mr. 
McCombs and Mr. Ham of the 
UCSD Honarary Alumni Associa-
tion is the need for big time 
athletics to allow the community 
to identify with the university. 
Mr. Ham even went so far as to 
say that the university would have 
no future in the community with-
out big-time athletics. Is this 
the way that we want to be identi-
fied with the community? Do we 
want our future guided by our 
standings in the UP! poll? 

There are many mre Ques-
tions concerning the place of 
athletics at the university that 
merit discussion but are not 
nearly as important as nipping 
the problem of subsidization in 
the bud before it blossoms out 
of control. 

Dear Editor: 

Sincerely, 
Peter D. Sertic 
Graduate Student 
510 

Thank you for the highly ob-
Jective interview with Phillip 
Abbott Luce. 

I would, however, like to chal-
Lenge the idea in your January 
31 editorial, "Put A Commie on 
the Board of Regents ," that the 
finpc;! mintic; in thp country are 

responsibility include a discus-
sion of the proposed Student Cen-
ter and the AthleticScholar ships. 

These last areas of action 
point out some of the weaknesses 
of the President 's Council. First, 
many of the recommendations 
they will make could lo~e weight 
because they not only do not 
represent the commuter stu-
dents, they totally lack any com-
munication with them . Second. 
every earlier referendum or con-
vention to form a Muir Govern-
ment has r evealed one main stu-
dent attitude: Apathy. 

Still, the access to money 
through the Incidental Fee Com-
mittee, and the access to the 
students through the dorms exist 
to a greater extent for the Presi-
dents' CounCil than probably for 
any other M~ir Organization. 'ow 
the Presidents have the will and 
momentum to move from that 
base. 

In provost stewart's words, 
the Presidents seem to have de-
cided " not to usurp power, but 
to assu me initiative." 

on the campuses, and that the 
great majority of them are lib-
eral, and therefore liberalism 
must be true . 

The finest minds in the country 
are not necessarily on the col-
lege campuses . There ar e tens 
of thousands of lawyers, engin-
ee r s, physicians, writers, scien-
tists, etc. in this country work-
ing for themselves or a company 
who are extremely intelligent and 
productive by any andards. 

The majority of faculty mem -
bers are not liberals . The great 
majority of professor s in engin-
eering, physics, etc., are apol -
itical. You must be referring 
only to the humanities depart-
ments where many faculty 
members are liberal because 
they favor increased government 
intervention in the life of the 
individual citizen in order to 
implement various pseudO-Intel-
lectual theories. 

I highly recommend F. A. 
Hayek's book, THE ROAD TO 
SERFDOM, to those UCSD stu-
dents who think ~ew Left phil-
osophers or liberal theorists 
have real answers to today's 
problems. 

Sincerely, 
John Flnn, Jr., 

Director, 
Young Americans 
for Freedom 

Your roommate 
can't sleep 
in the dark? 

Think it ovetj over coffee. 
The Think Drink. 

Fo'yo", ... n T~,r'I" 0'1"10 MWl, Sf'n' 75( I"d.,o", "' ."'t .... d . 44rtu 10· 
thIn" OU"~ MUI . O~Dt . N,'" 0 00. !I'!tq Nt_ Yew, N '( 100. 6 T"''11 Il'Itf"'I'I . 1 O", ICo".' Ol ean " 1'0" 



Page 4 February 7, 1969 

"Graffito, p. graffiti: an in-
scription, figure, or design scr-
atched on rocks or wall ~ or on 
artifacts made of plaster, stone, 
or clay." 

Iders and walls in our campus 
bathrooms and study cubicles in 
the library. You've all no doubt 
seen the miscellany, but how 
many of you have ever really 
paid attention to what is being 
said? Chances are you've never 
really taken the extra few min-
utes it takes to peruse the sur-

faces laden with the rich intel-
lect flowing from the minds of 
the students here. 

valve for the release of PaUdul 
penta I perturbations. Why is 
this? Where else can you ex-
press yourself with the assur-
ance of virtually complete anony-
mity on any subject you so de-
sire, while at the same time 
relaxing in the aura of warmth 
and security that a closed-door 
stall provides? 

The closest thing to inscrip-
tions, figures, or designs scr-
atched on rocks or walls is the 
writing on the pointed metal div-

Graffito 1 ~nects the intellect, 
intent, and general outlook upon 
life of the typical graffito writer. 
Taken together, graffiti reflect 
much of the thoughts our society 
as a whole and acts as an escape 

There are several types of 
graffiti that should be examined 
in order to better grasp the 
sociological and existential sign-

From your campus to ours ••• 
Last year more than 100 graduates 
came to our campus at TRW Space 
P ark In Redondo Beach, or to our 
Houston or Wash ington , D. C opera-
tions. Of the more than 16.000 men and 
women In TRW Systems Group, over 
7000 are college graduates. Th ei r major 
fields 01 interest are as varied as your 
own: Engineering, Behavioral Sciences, 
PhYSical Sciences. Computer SCiences. 
Life SCiences, Management SCiences. 
and the Humanities. 

It 's characteristic of TRW Systems 
G roup that many of our employees con-
tinue to do advanced and applied re-
search In the same area of speclaliza-

tlon they worked on In college. 
For our chalrenges are much like 

you rs . 
We're deeply Involved in the explora-

lion of space and the defense of the 
Free World, We're also applYing these 
advanced lechnolog les to the complex 
social problems of today ... transporta-
tion , health, urban renewal . land plan-
ning, waler and air pollution, global 
communication, ocean sciences. 

As they work to meet these diverse 
challenges, many of our employees are 
continuing their study for advanced 
degrees With TRW's bleSSing and finan-
cial help. That's just one of the reasons 

so many people have found the move 
from their cam pus to ours a natural and 
rewarding one. 

Perhaps you'd like to conside r th e 
same move . Make an app ointment to 
see us when we' re on your campus (see 
below), or write to Dr. W. D. Mclvers , 
College Relat ions , Room 7001-J , TRW 
Systems Group, One Space Park , 
Redondo Beac h, Californ ia 90278. TRW 
IS an equal oppo rt unity employer. 

TRW 
TRW Sysrems Group IS a malor operatmg untt of TRW INC (Formerly Thompson Ramo Wooldodge Inc.). where more rhan 70,000 people at o.er 250 locations 
around rhe wor ld are applYing advanced technO/OilY to electromcs, space. detense. automotIVe. aircraft and selected comme rcIal and industflal markets, 

ENGINEERS AND SCIENTISTS 

·TR MPUS INTERVIEWS 
[X) lW 00 ~ 00) j\ rJ 

FEBRUARY 13, J969 

SEE YOUR PLACEMENT OFFICE 

ificance 01 all the crap that the 
janitors eventually eradicate. 

(I) The first class of graf-
fito consists of -you guessed it-
the sex want-ads and sex-related 
drawings on the walls. This is 
comprised of what has now be-
come so trite that most people 
don't bother to read it anymore, 
possibly because of its resem-
blance to many of the classified 
ads in the L.A, Free Press. 1 
make this class of graffito num-
ber one not arbitrarily, but be-
cause sex, filth, debauchery and 
obscenity seem to play such im-
portant roles in our society today. 

(2) The second category is 
the graffiti written by the person 
who has advice to give, or the 
soothsayer with a warning for 
us all. Examples of this: "It 
is said that she who giveth cher~ 
ries shall reap a greater 
reward"; "Don't do it!" "Dean 
Murphy knows all"; "Hope in 
dope"; "UCSD Campus paper 
is written by mentally unbalanced 
students"; "Kumquats, cause 
sterility"; "Study leads to ha-
piness"; "The polypeptides are 
coming!"; "If you are, don't 
be!"; "Viva the pill!" 

(3) The third category is 
that of science and other related 
languages. (Revelle typically has 
a higher concentration of this 
than does Muir, on the orde r 
of 10 cubed M,) Examples: 
"The agony and dx/ dc"; 
"d(Hi/Ho) equals Ho-d- Hi Hi-
d-Ho/ Ho Ho"; "2.0 x 10 to the 
negative fourth equals ,00029" ; 
"Mathematics 2- A is so com-
plete that it staggers the imag-
ination and also will stagger my 
grade average." (reply: "The 
above is a very accurate appr-
aisal of all other math cour ses 
at UCSD and should be included 
in next year' s student catalogue.· ) 

Category number four is the 
philosophic - religious group and 
is produced by the real thinker 
or the person who just flashed. 
Examples of this: "Coitus ergo 
sum"; " 'Nietzsche is dead' -
God"; "A man is but a flush 
from death."; "Christ saves -
But Moses invests"; "King Kong 
died for our sins"; "Life is but 
a series of preludes to death. 
Kick me"; "ls there intelligent 
life on earth?"; "LSD is LSD"; 
"This is the writing on the wall 
- Take heed!"; " I love UCSD". 

Category number five is writ-
ten by the people who feel that 
it is their duty to tell all graf-
fiti writers exactly wlJat they 
think of them. These self-ap-
pointed appraisers of graffiti Jud-
ge fairly and unhypocritically the 
moral character of UCSD youth. 
Here are some: "People who 
write on walls are disgusting 
perverts!"; "Obviously some-
one with a crude mind got bored' I; 
"Mundane is what this booth is''; 
"I fear our future if this is an 
example of UCSD youth!";"r 
can't believe all the faSCinating 
reading material in this study 
cubicle ! Is everyone at UCSD 
this way? - A naive Mesa Stu-
dent"; "This door looks worse 
than a 5th Street bus depot head. 
What sort of low grade morons 
attend this school?" (reply: 
" Upper 12%" ); "Everybody's 
flipped out"; "Caution - This 
campus is perverted." 

The last and sixth category 
covers the miscellaneous, the 
unclassifiables that have to be 
includp.d, even in a campus pap-
er written by mentally unbalanced 
stUdents: "Is it true that cam-
pus cops devour their young?" ; 
"Before you flush cheCk your 
walJet"; "Once a queer from 
Kartoum, took a Lesbian up to 
his room. They argued all night, 
over who had the right, to do 
what and with which, and to 
whom"; "Jack Pancake strikes 
wh r you least expect it!"; 
"How does one get rid of crabs?"; 
"John Lennon is a queer. -kingo 
Starr"; "Women should be 
obscene and not heard". 

Next week' s article will cover 
how to properly collect graf-
fiti and include more examJlles. 

-Jf 

rctttllL rias 

IRubin Vs. The Courts I ~[M ~ ~~tr~(Q)'(l)J ~ ~@[M(Q) 
NEW YORK(CPS) -- A call has 

been sounded this week tor a mas-
sive offensive by the Movement 
against the court and jail sys-
tems in this country. 

Jerry Rubin, who for almost 
five years has been in the fore-
front of the Movement, made the 
call at the end of an eight-page 
document entitled "An Emer-
gency Letter to My Brothers and 
Sister s in the Movement." The 
lette r outlines in full detail 
Rubin's idea of the aspirations 
of the youth subculture - from its 
incept ion in underground lit-
erature in the mid-sixties to the 
directionless and factionalized 
Movement which has now taken 
hold. 

Rubin, who is currently under 
dictment in Chicago for "sol-
icitation to commit mob action" 
and for possession of marijuana 
in New York, develops the hypo-
thesis that the U.S. government 
is using the courts to se lect-
ively thwart anti-war, anti-draft 
and militant black activity. 

The letter is documented by 
descr iption of a number of turn-
ing points in the Movement's his-
tory. Rubin asserts: 

", •. 1965 seems almost like a 
childhood memory. Then we were 
the conquerors of the world. No 
one could stop us. We are going 
to end the war . We are going 
to wipe out racism. We are 
going to mobilize the poor ... 
check out the original ••• poetry 
and manifestos: euphoria, over-
flowing with optimism, and ex-
pectation of immediate success," 

Rub in says the Movement's ef-
fectiveness , despite American's 
deafness, "Is the most excit-

-'ng ene rgy force in the nation." 
So the nation is striking back in 
the for m of legal action, thus 
tying people up in the courts 
rather than the streets . 

Rubin's statement continued by Infectious mononucleosis (its 
saying that only through solidar- proper name) is known for its 
ity with arrested individuals -- high incidence in college students 
"standing by them' -- can the because of its relationship to fa-
court system be shown the sol- tigue, an occupational hazard of 
idarity of the masses. college life and to itc; well known 

" ••• OUr Movement is only as means of spread at a coeducation-
strong as the friendships with- al institution. 
in it. Our only real strength Practically every case of 
is in our identification with one "mono" seen at the campus 
another. That collective ident- -health service has followed ape-
ification then becomes the great- riod of fatigue from lack of rest. 
est challenge to the cops and If you think this column is going 
courts: MESS WITH HIM AND to lean hard on the business of 
YOU'VE GOT TO DEAL WITH ME adequate rest, you're right. 
TOO." Now for the diagnosis -- in two 

Showing where this solidarity parts, 1)"What might make you 
might have paid off, the letter suspicious that you have it?'" 
uses Benjamin Spock's arrest and 2)" What makes us think 
a.nd conviction as an example. maybe you're right?" 

Rubin's document is an art- Part One: You realize you are 
iculate and definitive manifesto pooped and try to get more rest, 
concerning the direction of the but somehow this doesn't work, 
Movement, where it has been so after a few days you come in 
and what it can expect in the to ask about it. Headache and sore 
future. To graphically develop throat may make the victim show 
his theme, he alludes to the up sooner. Often the enlarged 
methods state, local and federal glands in the neck may be the on-
government use against him. A Iy evidence of "mono" or it may 
defense committee in his name is appear with a seve re sore throat 
now accepting contributions at a and high fever. 
New York address at 5th st . Part Two: We like to diagnose 
Marks Place , Apt. 16. this thing, because we don't want 

But Rubin's main appea l is not to mistake it for something else 
for funds for his own legal fees; and because our customers like 
it is for people in the Movement to have a name hitched to their 
to stick together when someone symptoms. Maybe there is pres-
gets "busted" and to expose the tige value in having "mono". 
courts: Suspicious signs are low grade 

"To challenge the courts is sore throat, not necessarily red, 
to attack American SOCiety at a tired look and some lumpy 
its roots ... an offensive against glands in the neck. After several 
the courts and jails __ including days it is likely that a blood count 
direct action and direct legal and will be typical or at least sugges-
financial aid to the victims of live. We may also run a "mono-
the system __ would be the most test" which is a specific aggluti-
immediate link that a white Move- nation test for confirmation. 
mp.nt could possible make with There is no specifiC treatment 
blacks and poor whites: the yet, but someday an anti-viral 

drug will be discovered. Mean-
country' s shit-on, the "criminal while, except for rest __ con-
elemen!." As a beginning, let's 
organize massive mobilizations serving energy to fight the infec-

tion, there is nothing that will 
for the spring, nationally co- hasten recovery. In some in-
ordinated and very theatrical, stances, in the severe varl'ety, 

It is these courts that Rubin taking la th t P ce near e cour s, a cortisone preparatl'on may help, feels must be exposed: lilt is J'al'l a d 'l·t t k d s, n ml 1 ary s oc a es. (although medical authorities are iust because we are striking so The letter closes wl·th a n an- divided on this \ We often use 
eep that, in every phase of the alogy to the legend of S a ta " p r cus: an anti-biotic to prevent secon-

:\Iovement, arre sts and trials and "The R a I ht d 11 om ns s aug ere a dary infection in those people wl·th 
court appearances and jail have the slaves, but the moral example red throats. 
bottled up resources, sapped en- lives on When th R 

• e oman army The milder cases J'ust need 
ergy and demoralized the spirit." came to kl'llSpartacus th fa d 

, ey ce time, and even though a fever of The letter lists the more pro- a mass of thousands of slaves. 
minent people who have been ar- They demanded that Spartacus 99 persists, we may suggest that 
rested on dubious charges for step forward. you keep going. ,You can't miss 
their political or social actions _ 'I am Spartacus!' shouted one many days at UCSD and survive, 
including: Huey Newton, Tim- slave. or have you already discovered 
th L that? 

o yeary, Benjamin Spock, 'No, I am Spartacus!' shouted The moral of this story is get 
Rubin, the Fort Hood 43 (who another. enough sleep and you can keep 
refused Chicago riot duty last 'No, I am Spartacus!' on smooching and avoid the bles-

.\u~s t ) , the Catonsville Nine and 'No, 1 am Spartacus! ' sings of this infirmity -- and 
eXlled Eldridge Cleaver. 'No, 1 am Spartacus!' " the infirmary! 
••• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ROO M AVAILABLE IN MIS-
sion Beach in house shared with 

~wo other young people, one who 
IS partially paralyzed. $60 and 
utilities for one - $70 for two. 
Call 488-5771. 
.. .... .... ~ .......... . 

TIC KETS FOR THE SAN 
Diego Symphony Orchestra's 
Chop in Concert at the Civic Thea-
ter this evening (Feb. 7), are 
ava ilable to anyone interested 
fQr $1.50 (normal price is 
$4 .50). Tickets will be available 
all day today in the Associated 
students Office, bldg. 250 MC. 
lhe concert begins at 8: 30 p.m. 
............. ........... 

JHN ANOUlLH'S "THIEVES' 
Carniva l" will be pe rformed at 
dr('[e Arts Theatre every 
I hursday, Friday, Saturday and 
Sunday beginning February 27 
through March 16, Half-price 
t ckets will be available to any-
,no> inter ested beginning Feb-
nary 17 at the Associated Stu-
\l~nts Office, bldg. 250 MC, or 
through Mrs. Mary Cushing at 
th( Hospital. The theatre has only 
l'j rows and the $3.50 tickets 
(r{ ·WS 1 through 12) will be 
lV:lilable for $1.75. The $2 tick-
et (rows 13 through 15)will be 

1.00, Curtain time is 8:30 p.m" 
excep for Sunday evening when 
the play is scheduled to b gin at 
7:30 p.m. 

THE 
NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF 

COllEGE STUDENTS 
announces 

(OlLEGE STUDENTS 
AUTOMOBilE 

INSURANCE PROGRAM 
nder 21 yr. old $51 00 Semi·Annually 

Over 21 yr. old $40 00 Semi-Annually (for qualified tudents) 
Even lower ra tes for married & females 

Does your policy give you All of these bE:: .. 'its for as Iowa pre' 
mlUm' 
1. 20'( D 1 seo T 
2. 10Nr DI COUNT 
3 . Monthl y payments 

~cholastlc 
on renewal 

4 NO AN 'ELLATIO SduetoOrlvlngrel'ord 
5 SPORT. CAR. no additIOnal ('har~e 
6 .00 EDECI.I f:DTH lSSTlIDl': TSI'ONSmU:Dl'lI()(;H ,\\I 
ThiS IS a ~p(,(,lal program forC-nllf College Students Only 

Por Immer:lIate Sl'rvlce and Informatton ('all 

CALIFORNIA COLLEGE STUDENT PROGRAM ~ 
2223 EI Caion Blvd. San Di~go 

291-4335 

February 7, 1969 Paqe-l 

~gav~ $ Co. Inc. PrQsQhfs 
crRg Polk, '. 
Blugs, ana 
Con + gYll po r-
6'1 Ar+ls+ 

lc 
-+-

o 
CO 

L 

~ 
CJ 
o 

v 
; / 

F' rt e t r ..--:t;!l}=:--
Classitie.as ... 11/)tJ/(5, / / 

/ieUI./ '. 
v 

N 
t. ~ \i u(.S\) (i;d.~ 

..... ~ 2. 5' ~.rJ, . 'I ) 
o.,,'~r r. ~ Office 

rr~~ "-~~t;~~g" 
lal Stupp 
BLum Bana 

Playtex-invents the first-day tampon ,. 
(We took the in ide out 
to how you how different it i .) 
Out. ide: it's softer and ,,111.\ (/10/ ardhonrd\). 
Inside: it's \0 extra ,lhorb~nt ... it c\cn prot~-=" ~)n 
your lir't del) Your \\lH,t da~! 

In C\CP 1:111 t,>t ,1):,lIn'-l thl' old <', nlh," rll \ l.;il d 
the (>1,1\ tL t,lI11p(ln \\ ,I' ,11\\,1" l1Hlrl' .tI, "tI'l'll! 
Adu,tlf, 4" l11C1rl' ,lll'lll b\.~t lln th d 1.ll'l' 
than th~ kadin): rl'gular t,llllron, 

necall~c it's ditTer.:nt \(tual" aoliu t to 'Oil . 
It O(1w.:rs IHIt . Iluth out D':"lcned t~ pnlleLl cH.'r) 
in,idc in -h of ~1)U 0 tlk' eh,mec of .1 1111 h,lp 
i almost z ro! 
Try It fa t. 
Wh} live in the past? 

~ 
::n 
CO 

n 
o 
~ 

CD 
m 

I 

~ 
fB 



PaAA 6 ,February 7, 1969_ 

Rampal and Lacro;x Perform I, 
In La Jolla Tomorrow 

World-renowned flutbt Jean-
Pierre Rampal and harpsichord-
ist and pianist Robert Veyron-
Lacrolx will be presented in 
recital on Saturday February 8 
at 8: 30 p.m. at Sherwood Hall 
in La Jolla. 

Robert Veyron-Lacroix, son 
of a Fre nch industria list, was 
born in Paris and revealed un-
usual musical talent at a very 
early age. He, too, studied at 
the Conserntory wbef"e he be-
came proficient in a number of 
instruments; he chose the harp-
sichord - with the piano second 
in line. 

.~.IWfIM.lV'-9e1llaf~lV'-lVe1Il."_tW~lEW--fMMG-(Wj:tW" 

Jean-Pierre Rampal, one ofthe 
world's leading masters of his 
instrument was born in Mar-
seilles, the son of a father who 
taught the Oute at the Conserv-
atory. Yet he was over 20 
when he decided to be a flutist 
also. Planning to become a 
physician, he completed three 
years in medical school before 
enrolling at the Paris Conser v-
atorie. Atter five months there, 
he had won the Conservatorie's 
First Prize. 

In 1946 he made his debut 
tour; the same year marked the 
beginning of his close associa-
tion with Robert Veyron-Lacroix.' 
Rampal has since performed as 
soloist and chamber musician 
throughout Europe, including all 
major festivals, and toured all 
over America. When not on 
tour, Rampal may be heard over 
the French Radio more than any 
other instrumentalist except per-
haps Robert Veyron-Lacroix. 

Chamber Music Steinberg On Picasso (oncert Planned 
One of Europe's outstanding 

harpsichordists, he has per-
formed all over Europe, in re-
cital, chamber music and with 
orchestra. He is a regular 
guest performer at most major 
festivals. 

Between concerts, he is active 
as professor of harpsichord at 
the Conservatoire National In-
terieur de Music in Paris. 

The program for Saturday 
evening's recital will include the 
Sonata In "A" major by Vivaldi; 
the Fourth Concert Royal by 
Couperin; Sonata in "G" minor 
by J. S. Bach; Sonata "Undine" 
by Reinecke, and Sonata (1958) 
by Poulence. 

Tickets for the Rampal/ 
Veyron-Lacroix recital are 
available in the Arts and Lec-
tures Office, Urey Hall, Revelle 
College. Reserved seating: $3, 
UCSD Students: $1. 

RCA 

The Music Department of UCSD 
will present a concert of Chamber 
Music on Sunday, February 9, 
at 8:30 p.m. in Room 409, Mat-
thews Campus. The program will 
include five contemporary works 
of extremely varied style and 
sound and Is the fifth in a series prese~ted In conjunction with 
Music 2m, a graduate seminar 
concerned with problems in per-
formance and conducting. 

Included in the program will 
be the Divertimento for Nine 
instruments by Walter Piston; 
Mobile for Shakespeare for six 
instrumentalists and soprano by 
the European composer Roman 
Haubenstock-Ramati; Nexus 16 
by San Francisco composer 
Loren Rusb; Robert Hall Lewis' 
Music tor Twelve Players 
(1965) and Timepiece (1964) 
for tenor saxophone and tape by 
Canadian composer Udo Kase-
mets. 

Admission is fr ee and open to 
the public. 

On Campus 
Interviews 
for Computer Systems 
and Sales 

February 19 
BS candidates in Engineering, SCience, 
Business, or Liberal Arts, and MBA's can talk 
to RCA , on camp us. about our Computer 
Systems and Sales Program. The Prog ram 
consists of ten weeks of formal training at 
Cherry HilI , New Jersey that provides you 
with a broad knowledge of the fi e ld of 
your chOice. followed by a systems 
assignment at one of our offices located 
throughout the United States. See your 
placement o ff icer to arrange an interview 
with the RCA Representati ve. Or write to 
RCA Collegl:: nt:: lations , Building 205-1, 
Cherry Hill . New Jersey 08101 . 

We Are A" Equal Opportunity Employer 

n 

Picasso was characterized as more creatively active at 70 than 
many of his younger contemporary artists by Leo steinberg, speaking 
to a small audience at UCSD. 

steinberg discussed a series of fifteen drawings and paintlngs by 
Pablo Picasso, titled the "Women of Algiers", Femmes d' Algiers. 
Beginning with the tirst two paintings, done in 1954 , this series shows 
three women, one somnulent, one apparently smoking a hooka, and a 
third as a servant at the rear of the work. 

ste'inberg went on to show several other versions by Picasso, 
noting the evolution of the woman at the rear, opening the cu~tain 
at the doorway and the keyhole shaped niche was constant and signifleant 
mottles. 

steinberg also discussed the sleeping figure whicb &;ems to be 
the central subject, and admitted that he was perplexed at fust by this 
figure as finally for malized by Picasso. 

steinberg discovered that tbe figure is actually Quite complex, in 
that it sbows a woman lying down, so that her back, an~ her front, 
and ber rear are shown as If tbey faced the observer. ThlS apparent 
paradox is Picasso's restructuring of the visual form, going beyond 
the Cubistic translation of forms from two sides, to the presentation 
of the total view of the figure in totality, front rear , to front and rear, 
top and bottom. The entire plane seems to be concerned w th this 
symmetry of views, and the lack of a ~ingle point of view. 

Steinberg claimed that this was Picasso's attempt to picture the 
totality of the woman, a visual description ot the embrace, in which all 
of the object is sensed, without a single point of view. 

This interest in the visual field is part of the historical progression 
of art, and Steinberg felt that Picasso has made a tremendous c.on-
tribution that may be lacking in the work of many of his contemporanes. 

~tWJdUt~~ 

The UCSD Committee for Arts 
and Lectures will present the 
Borodin Quartet in a concex:t of 
chamber music by Shostakovich, 
Webern and Brahms on Monday, 
February 10 at Sherwood Hall, 
La Jolla at 8:30 p.m. 

Acclaimed everywhere, their 
individual mastery and superb 
ensemble as well as their unique 
and interesting programs com-
bine to make the Borodin Quar-
tet one of the world's truly 
great string ensembles. 

The program on Monday even-
ing will include the Quartet No.2 
in "A" major by Shostakovich; 
Five Pieces for string Quartet, 
Op. 5 by Weberni and the Quar-
tet in "A" minor, Op. 51 o. 2 
by Brahms. 

Tickets are available in the 
Arts and Lectures Office in Urey 
Hall, Revelle College. Reserved 
Seating $3; UCSD students; $1. 

Italian Ensemble 
Play At UCSD 
On Wednesday evening, Feb-

ruary 12, the UCSD Committee 
for Arts and Lectures will pre-
sent the Orcbestra Michelangelo 
di Flrenze in a program of music 
from the 18th and 19th centuries, 
in the UCSD Gymnasium, nortn 
of Re"elle College at 8:00 p.m. 

It was with great pride that the 
Orchestra Michelangelo adopted 
the name of one of the greate st 
Florenttnes of all time. An 
outgrowth of Italy's ce lebrated 
string quartet, the Societa Cam-
eristica Itallana, tbe ensemble 
was created for the express pur-
pose of bringing to the orchestra 
of classical proportions the pe r-
fections of ensemble playing to be 
found only on a great string 
quartet. 

The program on Wednesday 
evening will Include the Sinfonla 
in "C" major by Pubnani; the 
Concerto in "F" major by Viv-
aldli La Musica Notturna della 
Strade di Madrid by Baccherini; 
the Concerto in "F" major by 
Haydn; Sinfonia in "0" m&.jor 
by Dittersdorf and Souvenir de 
Florence, Op. 70by Tchaikowsky. 

Tickets are a vallable in the 
Arts and Lectures Office, Urey 
Hall, Revelle College. Unre-
served seating $2; UCSD stu-
dents, $1. 

Februa ry 7, 1969 Paoe 7 

. Wrestlers Meet 'Poets, 
SPORTS 
SHORTS 

Cagers Heading 
71 victory over the touring Nat'l 

6 I Chung Hwa team, an 80-72 vic-ror tory over Chapman, an 84-78 
victory ove r UC Davis , and a 
99-88 loss to UC Riverside. District Tourney 

The UCSD tennis team started The Triton varsity basketball Beat Azusa Pasadena g~ ~::i~n l:~~h ~tU;d~/oS~h~~ ~~~gh~ ~h~o~:?:n~~S~:i~~~n 
, year' s coach is Bill Yeomans. Championship Tournament. 

Tomorrow at 2:00 p.m., UCSD the heavyweight match as Ed Those interested in going out An independent member of the 
sports fans will get another Couvrette was decisioned 6-4. for tennis should go out to the district, UCSD has so far com-
chance to see the Triton Wrest- The final score was UCSD 28, tennis courts in the afternoon. piled a 13-6 r ecord in basket-
le rs defend their undefeated home Azusa PacifiC ll. The team plays again this week- ball, and Coach eilStonerhopes 
record. The Triton grapplers Coach Millenbah extended spe- end in the three-day All Cal to win the remaining five games. 
upped tbeir winning r ecord to cial congratulations to Gressarrl, tennis tournament. This will put our basketball team 
5-1-1 with a v!ctoryagainst Pasa- Nemcik, Grant, and Grunewald, = C C C C C C C = = C C =C C I in a good position to be select-
dena College last Friday night, for their aggressivene ss in pin- ed to play in the championship 
and a big win over Azusa Pac- ning their respective opponents. In recent frosh cage action Bob tournament. 
ific on Monday night. Since there is another match Kellison led the Tritons to a In recent action, the Tritons 

Don Gamble, wrestling excep-
tionally well, lost his match 5-7 
in the last 19 seconds. The score 
had been tied 5-5, but the s trong-
er Azusa opponent was awarded 
two points for a predicament to 
win the 123 lb. match. John 
Gressard, wrestling 130 lb. this 
time got the first of four Triton 
pins in 5 minutes and 50 seconds. 

this week, Wrestler of the Week 79-52 Victory over UC Riverside. lost a hard-fought game to a 
award winner will be named after Kellison had 20 points . In a strong UC Irvine team, 78- 72. 
the match against Whittier on 77- 57 loss to UCSB, Kelli son had According to Stoner, we lost the 
Saturday . . The meet will be held 34 points. game on backboard play, having 
at the UCSD gym and will start <CXc><c::X::C:I<IC=<CXC:I<IC=<CXC><C::X::C:I<ICC<CXC: no one tall enough to contend with 
promptly at 2:00 p.m. The UCSD goll team downed their str ong rebounders. 

Don Gamble, wrestling 123 lb. the Faculty-Staff team in a tune- Thus, despite a fine47 pe r cent 
started the Triton's winning way up tilt last Friday. Their fir st shooting mark, UCSD could not 
by pinning bis Pasadena opponent dual match will be tomorrow ag- pull the game out. Fine per-
in 3:05. Bob Wilson made it ainst USD, to be held at tbe formance s were turned in by Tri-
10-0 by pinning his man in 70 Lomas Sante Fe course. Coach tons Ed Babiuch, Bob Desjardins 
seconds, the shorte st match this Ted Forbes said, "Potentially we and Bill Flatley, with a trem-
year. have a pretty good golf team this endous job from Clark Mosley 

Fred Grunewald wrestling year." Members of the team who sparked the team to a second-
at 167 Ibs. upset his undefeated include John Brenner, Bob Fen- half comeback, 
Pasadena opponent who boasted ster. Darrell Cohen, Ed Hamil- Other recent basketball r esults 
ten straight victories and seven ton, Dan Dempshire, Bill Rich- include a 85-84 setback at the 

The Tritons take on Chapman 
College tonight in a college-pr o 
doubleheader to be he Id at the 
San Diego Sports Arena, start-
ing at 6:00 p.m. Tickets will 
cost two dollars and will be sold 
at the P.E. Office. Tickets 
may also be purchased at the 
door. The pro game, scheduled 
for 8:00 p.m. features the San 
Diego Rockets and the Phoenix 
&IDs. 

Bob Wilson, despite a strong 
Azusa opponent in the 137 lb. 
division, won by a 8-4 decision. 
In the next four matches the Tri-
tons picked up 20 points as Bob 
Nemcik pinned in 5: 15, Tom Grant 
pinned in 3: 52, Phil Costello 
won by forfeit, and Fred Grune-

pins. Grunewald won by a 4-2 ardson and Jim Sloat. hands of (;C Riverside , a 99-
decision. --.:::.:..-.......::......:......----"-----:.:::=...:::....::..:::.....:.:.:~~~..:....:::.::..:::..---:.-.:===== 

wa ld pinned in 1:40. Ed Couvrette ended the Triton 
UC SD had to give up five pOints 

in the 177 class due to a forfeit. 
Azusa got three more points in 

~~~~~~:i~h~yi~i~~~.pa;~~e~i~':l An I nternati~ 71al Festival of New Film 
score was UCSD 31, Pasadena 5. 

mM 1fOOti\ [AA) (!JJ [ruti\ (b~ 
The intramural basketball sea-

son is fa st drawing to a close , 
and the playoffs will soon start. 

Open league will be placing the 
top four teams of each league 
in the playoffs. This will eli-
minate the byes which would 
otherwise occur if only three 
tf'ams were entered. 

Open .. A" league will most 
like ly place the Cheaters, 
\Japhds , Faculty Staff and the 
Wild Tearers in championship 
play wh ile open "B" league will 
have Mandlers Mind Benders, 
PhYSiCS, Chern-Wipes and either 
the Panthers or the DB's. 

"A' league is led by Ellen B. 
Sc ripps, with a three way tie for 
;,econd between the Purple 
(J )p he rs, Lizzards and Mind 
Benders. The Gophers must play 
he Lizzards , howe ver, and if 
he Gopher s win there will be 
, tie for second and also a tie 
fo r third , 

Ties will be determined in 
fdvo r of which, If either team, 
bt>at the other in season play. 
Intra mural Director Andy Skief 
considers this to be the fairest 

method. 
The Seamen of "B" league 

are fir s t, with Bm second and 
The Greek third. Bm ha s only 
to beat the Mother Truckers to 
give them a 4-1 record and a 
playoff spot in "B' league 
play. 

The Butfakes zipped through 
"C" league without much trou-
ble, The Weasels and Wasps 
played for second place earlier 
this week, but the score was not 
available as this article was writ-
ten. Captain Crunch and the lose r 
of the Weasel- Wasp game will 
be tied for third, with the tie 
to be broken as explained above. 

The intramural department 
will try to have the playoff games 
held in the gym. 

Womens volleyball rosters are 
due today, and they must be in 
by Monday. Men's two - man 
volleyball sign-ups end today. 
All names must be in by Mon-
day. 

Check the bulletin board by 
the southeast corner of the bas-
ketball court in the gym for all 
tournament information. 

~\TTrD 

SIUNTISfS 
INJUNEERS 

LIBRAL ARTS MAJURS 

'tedet-AC C'~ "Day 
REVELLE COLLEGE 

NORTH DINING HALL 
February 11, 1969 
9 B. .m. to J p . m. 

The First American Showings 
Of 26 Short Films from 9 Countries ... 

••••• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

In 
• • • ••• • • • • • •••• ••••• • ••• • •••• ••••• • • • • • • •• • • • • • • •• • • • •• • • • • • • •• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • •• • • • .... • • • • • • • ••••• ••• •• • • • •• ••• • • • •••• • • •••• • 
• 
• 
• 

• • • • • • • •• • • • • • •• • • • • • • • • •• • • • • • • : . •• • • • • • • · ... • • • • • • • •••• • • • • • •••• • • •••• • •• • • 
a distinguished series of three programs presenting 
the newest achievements in creative cinema, 
by the world's most talented f jlm makers. h (I b h 

among te l ms to e sown ... 
• VERSAILLES 

by Albert Lamor;sse, Paris 
• RAKV/CKARNA Prague 
• DESERTION West Germany 
• LA VITA Milan 
• MIRACLE Budapest 
• SAMADHI San Franc sco 
• WHY DID YOU KISS ME 

AWAKE? Wes Germa.,y 
• MARIE ET LE CURE Par 's 
• TONIGHT LET'S ALL MAKE 

LOVE IN LONDON 
with Michael Caine. T e Roll ing 
Stones , Julie Christie, 
Er ;c Burdon, et a I. 

"The show was extraordinary . .. del ightful, exhtfarating, deeply moving . .. Congratul.ltions 
gratitude, huzzas. three cheers and a tiger! " .. . THE EVENlr~G STAR, Wash ington. D.C. 

"Beguilingly creative . .. diverting bill." ... THE WASHINGTON POST 

F\NE ARTS GALLERY SAN Dl EGO STATE 
JAIIES S. COPLEY AUDITORI UII MONTEZUMA AUDITORI UM 

RPM ADIlISSION $1.00 PER PROGRAM - $3.00 SERIES BPM 
PROGRAM 1 Frida" F.b.14 PROGRAM 1 Saturday , F.b.15 
PROGRAM 2 Friday, Fab.21 PROGRAM 2 Saturday, rlb.22 
PROGRAM 3 Friday, flb.28 PROGRAM 3 Saturday, March 1 
TICKETS AV AILABLE AT FIME ARTS GALLERT & AZTEC TICKET CENTER . SAM DIE60 STATE 



Page 8 February 7, 1969 

: CAM PUS KIOSK 
I 

Friday. February 7. 1969 
CIrcle K "Up With P op le" - singout o n lh Pla.-:a. 12.:00 noon 
Golf with UniversIty of a n Diego. 1'00 p. m . 
B sketball with Chapm,tn. Freshmen team tn the Gym. 3:00 p. m . • Varsity team a t the 

International Sports Arena. 6:00 p. m. 
Uni ve r sity Internatio nal ASSOCIa ti o n. South Dining H all. 7:00 p. m. 
Alpha Phi Omega movie " Seven F a es of Dr . Lao" plus "Ruad Runner" ca rtoon. USB 2722. 

7: 30 p . m., 50 cents. 
Muir Cultural Affairs Committee pres ents Dr . Jo Gllssfield. a n informal discussion on 

"Studen t Activism " . De a n Pyle's h ome . 7:30 p . m. 
Coffee Hut Entertainment, "red Staak, Jr. " - Folk. Blues and Cont mporary Music . 

9:00p.m. 
Saturday. Februa r y 8. 1969 
Wre stling with Whittie r. l.OO p. m. 
Alpha Phi Om ega movie "S('ven Fa('e~ of Dr. Lao" plus "Road Rllnn!' r " ca rtoon. USB 272.2. 

7.30 p. m .• 50 c('nts. 
Circ le K pre~l'nts "Up With Ppop\('''. Gym. H:on p. Ill .• ::;0 c('nts. 
Arts 8< Lecture,,; present Duo R"mprtl/Ve\ron-L,ll l"oix. fllltl·/p,.tnO. l'psprvl' d Se. ting, 

$3/$1 UCSD btud(nt. Shc'rwo ud Hall. H: 0 p. m. 
Coffee Hut Entertainm nt. "Material Stuff Blul's n.lnd", 1);(10 p. m . 

Sund,IY. Febru,try 9. 196<1 
Bridge Club, In formal LOllngl'. U· 30 p. m. 
MUI r films "Sibl riitl1 L,"d} M , (B(,th". "The CUrl'''. ' I'll\' Flollr W.tlkpr", 'The Fi reman". 

• ,nd "The Pawnshop ... • USB l72.l. 7: 30 p. m. fn l'. 
Musi c Department presents "The Ensembll· ... to'! \-tC. H: 30 p. m .• fn·l'. 

M onday , February 10. I')6Q 
A. S. 5 nate meeting. III-A . MC. 6: 30 p. m. 
Studt'nts for ResponSIble ActIOn. 310W MC. 7 30 p. m. 
Wrestling with UC Riv('rside, 7: 30 p. m. 
Arts 8< L ectures pr('sent "Bol"odin Qu.tr t('t " . R!'sl'r\'l·d sl·a llng. $3/$ 1 UCSD stud I1t S . 

Sherwood Hall. H: 30 p. m. 

Tuesday. Febru.try II. 1969 
Basketball WIth C ;lI Wl·st(' rn. :00 ftn d 1\:00 p. m .• Gym. 
Christi a n SClen e Org.lni/.a tlOn , USB 4050, . 7:01) p. m. 
Religi uus Affairs mo,'!e "M" n F ')r 'II Se.lsons". usn !.7ll. 7:00 p. m. 
Student~ fur .. D('mucrd t\( So<'iet}, USB 3070. 7:00 p. m. 
Go C Il1b, Coffl'e Hul. H: 00 p. m. 
Um 'rsity Fulk Danl.er::;. Rl'\ielle Main Dining Hall. B: 30 p. m. 

Wednesday. Febru.try I l. 1969 
Rugby with San Diego State HI Team. 3:00 p. m. 
A Ipha Phi Om . gao USB 10 ]OA , 6: 30 p. m. 
Tnril'n Ch rI stl,'" Ft' ll uwsh lp, usn 3030A. 7'00 p. m. 
Arts 8< Lectur l's "Orchestra Mi c hl'l.lngelu DI Firl'n~e", dlilmber o r chest cd, Gym. 

unreserved seating. $l/$I UCSD stlld(·nts. 8:1)0 p. m. 
L"ngl1a 'e Club mllvie - Ge rm iln "Kuhle \'lampe". USB l7ll, B:OO p. m . • memb('rship on ly . 

Thursday. February 13, 1')69 
Literature Departm e nt Colloqium, Professur Bl'n)amin DeMott, "A t the Edge of a Wo rd ". 

USB 40 30/\,1:00 p.m. 
Arts & Lectllr~s Iltture Eu~('n' nralln\l.ald. 'Failllr(' of the Heart" . HL Audito rium. 

l:!"i p. m .• free. 
SIMS film un Mah,l. r1shi '::; 1968 Le ctu re at Harvard, HL Auditorium . 7:01) p. m. 
Russian Club. Inter-Lilngllilge Club L ounge . 7: 15 p. m. 

Frid<1y , February 11, 1969 
Golf with Cal P o ly PotTlon a .il Lomas Sante Fe, I~: 30 p. tTl. 
Swimming with UC Riversid , 4:00 p. JTI . 
Baskl!tball with Cal rl'ch, Frl'shmen at 7:00 p. m. VilrsIty at B: OO p. m. , Gym. 
Alph" Phi Omega mr)vie .. ('hI' Birds" plus "Road Runner " cartoon, USB l7l2, 7' 30 p. m., 

:;0 cents. 

(10% with A.S. Card) 
FROM SOUTH AMERICA: 

*A lpaca hats & ponchos I 
*Sensuous fur ruqs! 
*Ancient Andean idols! 
*Sympathetic Koala bears! 

"MAN FOR ALL SEASONS"-
Academy award-winning motion 
picture - will be shown next 
tuesday, February 11, 7:00 p.m., 
at 2722 USB. The free film 
concludes the current series 
sponsored by the campus min-
istries at UCSD: Roman Cath-
olic, Lutheran and Protestant. 
"Man for All Seasons" is made 
available through a special do-
nation from st. James by-the-
Sea Episcopal Church in La Jolla. 
~c =c c C C C C C = = C C C, 

"LET'S GO SAN DIEGO" -
the local group of the internation-
ally acclaimed "Up With People" 
musical sing-out group will pre-
sent a two hour action-packed 
musical sing-out explosion Sat-
urday, Februa.ry B at 8:00 p.m. 
at the vest) Gymnasium. The 
performance by "Let's Go San 
Diego" is sponsored by the Ki-
wanians Circle K Club - UCSD • 
Admission price is 50 cents. 
cccc====cccccc~ 
Classified 

WANT A BEAUTIFUL, HIGH, 
performance luxury car? I'm 
selling my Jaguar MKII 3.8 sedan, 
1963. It has power steering, 
automatic transmission, and full 
leather interior. In perfect con-
dition, mecbanically great, and 
very luxurious. $1300 (check 
around, no better price). Call 
David Shaw, 453-4886 (mornings 
before 10: 30) or stop by Argo 656. 
==C=CC=CCC=CC=C 
PRE MED 

Pre- med students are invited 
to their quarterly meeting on 
Monday, February 24, at 7:30 
p.m. in the Basic Science Bldg. 
of the Medical School, room 1105. 

Dr. Paul Saltman, who form-
erly taught at the University of 
Southern California Medical Sch-
ool, will speak on "Your Future 
in Medicine." 

Bob Kavanaugh, coordinator of 
the Pre-Med Advisory Com-
mittee at UCSD will explain how 
and when to apply for medical 
school. The Medical College 
Admission Tests will be explain-
ed and test applications will be 
distributed. 

All pre-med students are wel-
come. It is a must meeting for 
;:,c c C c = c = c c c c c C ~ 

THE MESSIANIC MOVEMENT 
in the Middle Ages, one of the 
most dramatic of the influences 
on western civilization and mod-
ern Jewish thought, will be con-
sidered in its most interesting 
aspects by Dr. Richard Popkin, 
distinguished professor of UG-
SD's philosophy department. 

Dr. PopkiJl's extensive and 
groundbrea"ing work in the very 
important field of Jewish Mysti-
cism will ~ presented on Thurs-
day evening, February 13, by the 
Jewish students Association. The 
meeting will be held in HL 1205 
beginning at 7:30 p.m. 

Richard Popkin's pioneering 
research promises to be of great 
interest. An informal discussion 
will be held after the talk, mod-
erated by Dr. Popkin. 

Everyone is invited. 
=c=ccc==cc=CCC~ 

DISCUSSIONS WITH PROFES-
sors are being started at 7:30 pm 
Friday, February 7, in Dean 
Pyle 's home. These are to bring 
faculty and students together in 
other than an academic atmos-
phere. Discussions will not be 
limited to the professor's major 
field. 

The first guest, Dr. Joe Gus-
field, the head of the Sociology 
Department, is interested in dis-
cussing student unrest. Due to 
space limitation, the number of 
students is restricted. 

Those interested shou ld stop by 
the Resident Dean's Office and let 
Babs Sutton know. 
c=c=CCCCCCCCCCC' 
Juniors. They will begin apply-
ing for September 1970 during 
spring quarter . All Juniors 
should register with the Pre-Med 
Advisory Committee beginning 
April 1 at the Revelle Provost's 
office. 

l CCCCCCCC CCCC=CC 
EXPERIMENTAL FREE SC~ 

001 to educate the whole man 
meets every Sunday for a thing 
called worship. The Lutherans 
sponsor the 10:00 a.m. session, 
and the Roman Catholics lead 
an 8:30 a.m. and 5:00p.m. group. 
Both meet at University Luther-
an Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Drive, across the street from 
the Revelle College parking lot. 
All seats free. 
..cCCCCCCCc=ccccc 

Moth;':-w;':;;ed me:'- --, 
'too L , , 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

Cr)1 ()dJ;\L ()I !J'::J/J r)!JJLE 
7837 herschel ave. 

, 

Sign up in the Placement Office to 
see us about career opportunities. 
Interviewing February 18 

iiii. Pacific Telephone @,,, 
--;-- AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 


