
'TIMES Estimate Reveals Five 
Will Vie for AS President 

(Editor's note: Reports of 
candidates are unofficial, except 
for the four noted.) 

With a petition deadline of 5 
p.m. today the complete lists of 
candidates for the upcoming AS 
election is not known. However, 
information received from var-
ious sources indicates that the 
race for AS President is shaping 
up as a five-way battle between 
three juniors and two soph-
omores, all from Revelle Col-
lege. 

Coffee House Committee and has 
provided most of the entertain-
ment for the night club-snack bar. 

As of Friday morning com-
pleted petitions had been recei-
ved only from four senators --
Borden Covel, Bruce Morden, Ed 
Magnin, and Bob Munk. Covel, 
a Revelle freshman, is the only 
known candidate for Lower Div-
ision Senator, a campus-wide 
office, and the latter three are 
candidates for Muir' s three sen-
ators. 

Candidates have until 5 p.m. 
today to file their petitions for 
office. AS President Tom Shep-
ard said yesterday afternoon that 
he was "extremely concerned 
with what seems to be the ab-
sence of many qualified cand-
idates who are responsible e-
nough to carry out the programs 
that were initiated this year." 

Sherttrs help students cross the street(see page4). 

Regents Rerolre Authority 

The juniors are Mark Waxman, 
Glen Forsch, and Charles Chong. 
The sophomores - J eft Benjamin 
and Brian Ritter. Benjamin is 
the only candidate with previous 
AS experience, currently holding 
the position of AS Senator. 

The Muir candidates, listed al-
phabetically, are Leonard Bour-
in, sophomore, Mark Elson, 
freshman; steve Ishmael (in-
cumbent), sophomore; Ed Mag-
nin, freshman; Bob Munk, so-
phomore; and Roger Showley, 
senior (currently in Hong Kong 
under Education Abroad Pro-
gram). 

All candidates, in addition to 
filing their platforms with the AS 
by Monday, should file a state-
ment of campaign objectives and 
qualifications for office by Tues-
day with the Triton Times. They 
should also arrange for their 
picture to be taken. A spec-
ial election insert shall be in-
cluded in next week's Times, and 
will serve as a guide to the 
students in voting. 

of Chancellors, Retain Veto Waxman has been involved in student government this year as head of the Revelle Interhall 
council. Ritter was an un-
successful candidate for vice-
president last year. 

Candidates for Upper Divis-
ion senator are Jim Magill, Re-
velle sophomore, and Jim S111s, 
Muir sophomore. 

There will be two refe rendums 
on the ballot. One concerns the 
athletic policy with respect to 
grants-in-aid for intercollegiate 
athletics. The other concerns an 
additional student fee to be lev-
ied for the proposed Student 

The Board of Regents of the 
University of California last Fri-
day reassumed their authority to 
approve the hiring and promotion 
of university faculty and per-
sonnel. The authority had pre-
viously ooen delegated through 
the President of the University, 
Charles Hitch, to the Chancellors 
of the nine campuses. 

Under the new ruling all ap-
pointments of university per-
sonnel must be submitted to the 
Board of Regents. If no neg-
ative action is taken within 10 
days, the appointments stand. 

herwise, the Regents could 
presumable veto all or any ap-
pOintment from any campus. 

The action was taken as a 
result of one of two changes in 
the Standing Orders of the Uni-
versity proposed by Regent Ed-
win Pauley. The vote was 14-
10 with one abstention. 

Regent Smith amended the or-
iginal Pauley proposal by limit-
ing the period of action upon 
submitted hirings to ten days. 
Regent Roth proposed an amend-
ment to the effect that no pol-
itical test would be required of 
those whose status was under 
consideration. Thls proposal was 
also accepted. 

The Regents adopted the sec-
ond Pauley proposal without al-
terations. This measure would 
pr ovide for yearly Regental re-
view and consent in retention of 
University employees over 67 
years of age. This was pro-
bably the final settlement of the 
controversy started by the re-
hiring of Dr. Herbert Marcuse 
on this campus. 

On other matters, the Regents 
postponed until June action on a 
possible increase of student· fees 
so that further study of alter-
nate revenue plans could be com-
pleted. 

Regent Canaday proposed a 
$10,000 reward to be taken from 
non-state funds available to the 
Regents, for information leading 
to the arrest and conviction of 
the person or persons respon-
sible for the bombing death of 
a custodian in the Santa Bar-
bara Faculty club. 

Volume 7, Issue 4 

Currently, the only known vice-
presidential candidate is Mike 
PalCic, usually known as 
"Heavy. It He is running on a 
ticket with Benjamin. Heavy 
has worked extensively with the 

Candidates for ReveUe Senator 
include Mike Caruso, freshman; 
Mike Harkey, freshman; Bruce 
Morden, sophomore; and Edward 
Van Valkenburgh, Freshman. 

UNIVERSIlY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 
Apri 1 25, 1969 

Athletes Present Demands, 
Threaten to Boycott Teams 

The last "minority" group to forth this list of demands to be letes, or whether they would 
present demands to the UCSD met eefore the beginning of the favor grants-in-aid, the revenue 
administration is, strange as it 1969-70 athletic season." for which would be produced by 
may seem, the athletes. At other The document concludes with donations, to be preferentially 
university campuses one often the following statement, signed given to varsity athletes who 
hears of athletes providing ac- by 28 varsity athletes: Because are recommended by the PE Dep-
tive opposition to striking stu- of the present adverse conditions, artment, and who can show fin-
dents, but at UCSD it seems we do not feel it is worth our ancial need. 
that they have learned at least while, either academically or for Tom Shepard said yesterday 
some of the tactics. health r easons, to participate in that the AS feels that the stu-

The eight demands are inc.lu- intercollegiate athletics. There- dents are the ones who will have 
ded in an open letter distributed fore, if these conditions are not to make this decision. He add-
to the students this week (see changed, we, the undersigned, ed, "it was my position as a 
Editorial section for text of the will not participate during the member of the Intercollegiate 
letter); they seek financial bene- 1969-70 seasons. Athletics Advisory Committee 
fits for athletes as well as more An aMitfonal20 athletes signed that on the basis of experience 
academic credit for the Phy- a more mild version of the pre- of other schools who had moder-
sical Education Department. vious statement which expressed ate programs of aid to athletes 

The document presented to the sympathy with "the signers of that it's impossible to control 
Chancellor contains the following this petition of grievance" and that kind of program. There-
preface to the demands: "We, said that if the demands were not fore, establishment of even a 
the undersigned members of the met they would "seriously con- limited program of aid severely 
1968-69 varsity football and bas- sider not participating in the threatens the present academic 
ketball teams do respectively put 1969-70" (sic). and social climate of UCSD." 

Center. ______ _ 
Late Bulletin: The Times re-
ceived reports Thursday evening 
that Cindy eilsen is running 
for Revelle senator and Mark 
Butler for AS Vice President 
on a ticket with Mark Waxman. 

1tel# "t'~ 
~6Ueq StUll 1M-

~ eudte Z'tVUIU 
Hev€: lle College Government 

has added their approval to a 
resolution recently adopted by the 
Interhall Council which will est-
ablish 3. new procedure for de-
termining visitation policies in 
the Revelle residence halls. In 
the future, each suite will de-
cide its own policy, with no 
restriction on possible time lim-
its. 

Currently, the Interhall Coun-
cil is in the process of con-
ducting "orientation." Mark 
Waxman, president of the In-
terhall Council, Rodney Burton, 
Resident Dean, and Father Mort, 
Assistant Resident Dean, have 
been meeting this week with the 
various dorms to discuss the 
new policy. 

At these dorm meetings, the 
individual saites are making ap-
pointments with members of an 
" orientation team," consisting of 
RA's, RA applicants, and Inter-
hall Council members, so that a 
vote can be conducted amongst 
the suite members by next Wed-
nesday evening. 

Commission to Investigate The athletes are said to be fathoming student support for their demands by conducting a 
poll through the Sociology de-
partment. It is expected that 
nearly 1000 students will be ques-
tioned. 

If, by that time, some unani-
mous decision has been reached 
within the suite, the policy upon 
which they decide shall go into 
effect immediately. 

AS Senate Resolution Gives 
Support to Lumumba-Iapata UC Newspapers Appointed The University of California 

is appointing a commission to 
study the news content and fi-
nancing of its campus news-
papers. 

Dr. John W. Oswald, executive 
vice president of UC wHl select 
a Cive-to-eight-member panel 
within the next nine days, the 
LA Times reported. The panel 
w1ll include journalists and per-
sons familiar with the law in 
relation to journalism. 

The investigation of campus 
papers wa:; authorized last month 
by the Board of Regents after 
Regent JOM C. Canaday of Bur-
bank charged that there is "a 
continuing degeneration of the 
character of these publications 
beyond the point of toleration." 

Canaday accused student news-
papers of: propagating political 
and social radicalism, advocating 
anarchy and lawlessness, pro-

moting dIsrespect (or authomy, 
abounding in obscene editorial 
and pictorial content, being sub-
jective and dlshonest, and failing 
to maintain editorial balance. 

Oswald' s investigating panel is 
being appointed in response to the 
regents' instruction to UC Presi-
dent Charles J. Hitch and the UC 
Chancellors to investigate edi-
torial content, quallty of writing, 
financial aspects and "adherence 
to proper concepts of editorial 
pollcy" in campus newspapers. 

The regents also ordered a 
"thorough study of the advisa-
bility of divorcing (campus pa-
pers) from compulsory student 
support" and "consideration of, 
effective methods of university 
supervision--that is, an editorial 
pollcy and review board or plac-
ing campus publications under 
the jurisdiction of schools of 
Journalism or other appropriate 
department. 

The athletes' demands consti-
tute the first evidence of organ-
ized student support for changing 
the current policy. The Chan-
cellor had appointed an advis-
ory committee to deal with the 
matter, conSisting of students 
and faculty members. The maj-
ority report of this committee 
recommended a limited program 
of athletic financial aids but a 
minority report opposed any such 
grants. 

Since no clear-cut decision 
could be reached by the com-
mittee, the Chancellor has sought 
to have a student referendum on 
the matter. This referendum will 
be on the ballot in the upcoming 
elections. 

The students wlll be asked 
whether they wish the current 
policy of administerlng grants-
in-aid to students in need with 
no special consideration for ath-

Whereas the AS Senate is empowered (ASUCSD Constitution, Sec-
tion 3, Article H) to "assume such additional authority as may be 
necessary for the welfare and efficif'ncy of the ASUCSO" and 

Whereas the pursuit of education, I.e., knowledge of one 's back-
ground, one's environment and oneself, is n integral aspect of the 
welfare of the ASUCSD and 

Whereas the Senate recognizes that a college dedicated to the edu-
cation of and study about minority peoples i:; essential to a balanced 
educational institution and program and 

Whereas the Senate further recognizes the nl'ed for control over 
said college by minority peoples 

Be it hereby resolved that th Senate supports II.S.C. and M. A. Y.A. 
in the estabUshment of Lumllmba-Zapata College. Consistent with the 
recognition of the eed for sell-determinaUoo of miAor tv Of> 
the Senate further recognizes that the debate and resolution of pa~tl­
cular minority demands is not the responsibility ofthe Senat but rather 
the responsibility of students interacting with the faculty and admlul -
tration; therefore the Senate wholly endorses the position of B.S.C. 
and M.A. Y.A. as set forth in the pamphlet, II Lumumba-Zapata Colleg : 
B.S.C.-M.A. Y.A. Demand for the Third College, UCSD". 

The Senate furth r urges all m mbers of th UCSD academic com-
munity - students, faculty, and administration - to lend all nece ary 
aid to minority stud nts in th immediate Implementation of plan 'i 
establishing Lumumba-Zapata CoIl ge . 



Pa.e 2 April 25 . 1969 
bOMBARDI-YAZSTlfMSKI COLL EGE? 

Athletic Activists' Demands 
Guest Editorial by Howard Nathan 

Many of the athletes at UCSD feel that his 
school is not being represented by the calibre of 
teams it deserves. Our athletic program is 
miserable. A glance at our varsity records 
(since 1965) in all but three (basketball, wrestling, 
and tennis) of 19 sports proves conclusively that 
our intercollegiate program in inadequate. More-
over, unless the situation changes, the future looks 
even bleaker. 

At last count about half the varsity football team 
will not be returning next season. The highly 
successful basketball team will also fare poorly. 
Over haU of their players have either transferred 
or intend to do so by next fall. Even their 
coach, Nell stoner, has resigned and taken another 
job at Cal-Poly, San Luis Obispo. 

The baseball team is poor (3 wins and 18 losses 
presently). They are functioning without the ser-
vice s of a coach. Until r ecently swimming and 
water polo didn't have coaches either. 

It is a frus trating experience being an athlete 
at this univers ity. Academic requirements leave 
athletes with little time for sports ... this is not 
a complaint. We came to get an education, and 
hard study is the price of good scholarship. We're 
merely pointing out that as a logical consequence 
we have less time to pr epare ourselves than 
many of our opponents do. 

Practice schedules are always workout together, 
i.e., the crew members arise at 5:00 a.m. daily 
for practice. Often practice is late in the after-
noon and players living on campus miss dinner. 
Last fall the cafeteria te mporarily refused to stay 
open for football player s. Late r it relented grac-
iously and offered the starved player s a s teady 
gourmet diet of leltover salad and yogurt! 

What kind of perfor mance can be expected under 
such conditions? 

We have proposed a list of demands to be 
met by the administrat ion and by our physical 
edlJcation department. They are as follows: 

1. The addition of a physical education major 
to the curricula of the third college. 

2. A unit credit for all P. E. classes. 

3. Athletic coaches provide better jobs for 
athletes during the summer months . Jobs that 
will enable athletes to pay Cor their room and 
board during the school year. 

4. Jobs, at university pay scale, for all athletes 
who need to work during the school year. 

5. Allow private donators, such as the Honorary 
Alumni Assoc., a more active role in supporting 
the UCSD athletic program. 

6. Proceeds of all flUId concession stands, ticket 
sales, and the like at all athletic events, shall 
be placed in a lund for the use of varsity sports. 

7. The waiving of incidental 'lees for those 
athletes who are financing their own educations. 

8. A training table be set up lor athletes during 
their respective seasons. 

We do not feel that these are unreasonable 
demands , in fact, we feel they are the bare min-
imum if we are to compet · in L'Itercollegiate 
athletics . 

This university upholds a quality of excellence. 
Why s houldn' t this apply to athletics as well? 
We are athletes who refuse to be humiliated any 
longer. If there is not a 50-50 chance of winning 
it is unfair to expect us to compete. All the schools 
on our schedules e xcepting Cal Tech finance their 
athletes. To compete against them we need as-
sistance. 

If you feel the type of atheltic representation 
that has been displayed so far is the type you 
des ire, then we are sorry, but we can't agree. 
Our own pride will not allow us to continue under 
these conditions. We refuse to be another Cal-
Tech. We refuse to become the laughing stock 
of Southern California. We would rather not have 
that s tigma attached to a university of such ex-
cellance. If you, as students, feel the same as 
we do, then please support our efforts to gain 
adequate conditions . Please help us. 

Please answer these questions honestly. Your 
answers will determine the future of UCSD ath-
letics. 

1. Do you feel that athletics are an integral 
part of this univer s ity? 

2. Are you in favor of supporting the athlete's 
demands? 

3. Would you support some type of minimal 
assistance for athletes? 

4. Do you think the excellent r eputation of this 
university should a lso apply to its athletic t eams? 

.......•.•••••.•.••.•...............•..................... 

. . 

. . . 

k; ..•............. ·····························•······ .. ~( 

LZC Is Imperative 
Guest Editorial by Bill Shark 

The establishment of Lumumba-Zapata College is Imperative! I 
appeal to you, brothers and sisters-not in the context of conective 
white racist gullt-but as rational fellow humans. 

Lumumba-Zapata College is the most effective, progressive concept 
we can enact. It may rectify the inequities in the university's at-
titudes toward minority representation on our campuses. It will also 
provide us with an institution of social analysis which has the in-
struments conducive to meeting and conquering our present and 
future social challenges. 

We can no longer allow our lives to be manipuiated: we must 
assert our freedom of thought. Our currIcula is undeniably directed 
at the perpetuation of the present paradigm of American culture. Th 
university is anachronistically specialized: its structure has evolved 
from irrelevant societal aims of the past . 

We are part of a new culture. We accept the democratic ideals of 
the United States Constitution. But we emphatically reject the dis-
tortions of history which are utilized to legitimize or deny past and 
present social injustices. Our culture abhors the oppressive policies 
that have been effected in the name of Americans. 

The need for knowledge of all cultures and societal structures is 
implicit both in our denunciation of the oppressive, racist attitudes 
which have denied the dignity of other cultures, and in our demand 
that the policies which enforce these attitudes cease: we refuse to 
perpetuate the official and arbitrary supre ssion of other human beings. 

This is a most important juncture in higher education. Unless we 
act together in response to our need for freedom, we will fail. Unless 
we unite our demand for truth with our demand for social justice, we 
will remain victims of the decadent demand for specialized technicians. 

It is essential that we recognize the faults of past demands: mere 
subjectivity is fruitless. We must act upon our programs to achieve 
change. Failure to actualize the program of Lumumba-Zapata College, 
would totally negate each individual's ability to gain control over hls 
existence. FaUure to take action perpetuates the abrogation of personal 
freedom. 

Lumumba-Zapata College encompasses all of these criteria of 
freedom. It provides both the critical evaluation of our social milieu, 
and the equally necessary freedom of thought which will enable the 
student to conscientiously enact vital social changes. 

Lumumba- Zapata College constitutes a means for achieving seU-
determination, freedom. Its educational outlook is relevant: all stu-
dents, regardless of color, will unde r s tand both the minority and 
the majority needs for self-determination. 

We are all manipulated. We must aU understand the manners 
which we are manipulated and learn how to control those pro<:essesil 
of manipulation. Each of us must have freedom of thought and 
of action. These prerequisites of total freedom, liberation, are em 
bodied in the structure of Lumumba-Zapata Colle ge. 

Without Lu mumba-zapata College, we will continue to expe 
the misdirection and distortion of the natural and human r "'~n1'lrI'IP< 
of the world's wealthiest nation. Without this college , the horrel~dolusl 
inequities in the development and fulfillment of the functions 
needs of our brothers and s isters will be perpetuated. 

WE MUS T UNITE TO BE FREE! 

• • EDITOR IN CHIEF ; 
John McCarthy 

NEWS EDITOR MANAGING EDITOR 

TRAIL-BLAZE A 
NEW DESTIN~Ybl ~~~ 

Steve Landau Chr is SheLdon 

SPORTS EDITOR AD MANAGER 
Bob Gorby John Demirjian 

FINE ARTS EDITOR FEA TURE EDITOR 
Paul Hamburg Tom Baker 

PHOTOGRAPHY EDITOR COPY EDITOR 
Doug Easton Haywood Gammon 

STAFF WRITERS PHOTOGRAPHY 
Bill Alagogll Lenny Bour in 
Clayton And rson Jim Dublire r 
Albert Elzas Albert Elzas 
Randy Erics m 

GRAPHIC ARTS Joel Goodman 
Jeri Grayman Rob Cohen 
Fred Grune¥<ald 
Eric Halgrel (,f)?Y CREW 
Richard Har -is Craig Starr 
Portia LaTcJche Nancy Keys 
Kerwin LebEls 
Dave Sacherma.n 
Larry Raful JUSTOWRITERS 
John Sussmw Judy Alsbe rg 
Paul Emus Marianne Decker 

Suzanne Nester 
Dave Stear ns 

The opiniOns expressed 
In by lined articles do not 
necessarily reflect the Office: 250 MC 
views of the TIMES. Phone: ext. 1077 

.~ ..........••••.•.................•...................... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

LETTERS 
Dear Editor, 

The Associated Students Pro-
gram Board and the Social 
Events Committee would like to 
set the record straight concern-
ing the security force used at 
last week's Buddy Miles Express 
concert. The Letterman's Club 
was hired for the purpose of 
securing the gymnasium so that 
those who came and had paid 
for tickets could enjoy the con-
cert. In our estimation, the 
performance of the lettermen 
was unexcelled. 

It is only common sense that 
some type of security exist when 
trying to insure the economic 
success of any sort of event, 
musical, theatrical; or athletic, 
and that the facUity should be 
protected against damage for fu-
ture use by our students. 

The lettermen were hired for 
a purpose and the intimidation 
they received was unjust and 
juvenile. Their actions were 
not reflections of their personal 
or group attitudEls , but of their 
employer, the Program Board of 
ASUCSD. 

If anyone feels this attitude was 
not necessary, we invite you to 
discuss the matter with us , not 
the Letterman's Club or the in-
individuals involved. We ar e in-
debted to them for their assis -
tance. 
Gary Curtis, Chairman, 
ASUCSD Program Board 

J im Magill, 
ASUCSD Publicity chairman 

Tom Shepard, 
ASU CSD President 

Kathi Wright, Chairman 
Social Events Committee 

ASUCSD Senate Members 

The SDPD 
Isn't Polite 

Dear Editor : 
I would like to publicly com-

mend our Man-in-Tan, the San 
Diego P.O., for another ep isode 
in his endless fi ght against in-
jus tice in our fine community. 
Personally, I think the City Man-
age r ought to advertize for lar-
ge r brains to fill the S.D. P.O. 
police helmets. Also a cram 
course in public relations and 
general courtesy is in order for 
our fine ofilcers-of-the-law. 

ing from rescuing three fellow engers in the car. Then both 
students from their stalled car pollce cars lett quite suddenly 
near Taco Bell, I was stopped. leaving me standing there. 
Two police cars swooped down I got back into my light blue 
on me rather rudely as I was 1957 Chevrolet, which couldn't 
about to turn onto Torrey Pines race out of an alley if it had 
Rd. in La Jolla. I wasn't speed- to, without an apology of any 
ing and I hadn't done anything kind. The police even acted 
illegal as far as I could tell. like Lt was my fault they stop-

One officer took me aside and ped the wrong car (and how they 
in a rather rude manner asked could mistake my car for a 
me 'what the heck I thought black Oldsmobile I don't know). 
I was doing?'. I very kindly I am sorry now that I didn't 
and sincerely explained that I get any badge numbers as the 
had no idea of what I had done officers involved surely deserve 
wrong. He said: "What do a reprimand if they make a 
you mean you don't know what practice of stopping cars unde r 
you were doing?" I again said such circumstances and then 
that I didn't know what he was leaving without an explanation or 
stopping me for. Then he said apology. 
somethin; about racing out of Let us hope that in the fut-
some alley. ure they exercise a bit more 

Stlll trying to be pollte I ex- judgment DelOre stopping a car 
plalned that I wasn't driving in and after making a mistake that 
an alley and that I wasn't rac- they at least offer an apology. 
Ing. Then another officer came I can see nothing but problems 
over and said something about with the public if they continue 
the car they were looking for to operate as they did last 
being a black Oldsmoblle. The night. 
cops further insulted me by Sincerely, 
checking my story with the pass- Bruce D. Lightner 

Vietnam Correspondence 
Dear Editor: Only 300 were killed last week; 

rhe bus iness of recruiting of!- for a country of 200 million, 
icers on campus , and the draft- that 's nothing! We kill more than 
ing of a good friend last week, that any peacetime holiday week-
set me to thinking some mor e end on the roads. We kill almost 
about the war. Why aren't we 300 of our owncitlzens , regular -
winning in Vietnam? Maybe be- ly ever y week In this country, with 
cause we aren't even at war, of- guns and other lethal means. 
ficiaUy. Here in the States , life- (More Americans are murde red 
apart from that ofafewdraftees- by Americans in Ame ricathan by 
goes on impr oving much as usual. Vietnamese in Vietnam.) 

But over there they have a real So, actually, the officials are 
war. The Vietnam GNP has gone right: we aren't really at war, yet. 
down from a value s mall by U.S. That, I think, must be why so 
standards to a negative number. few people care about working 
(Instead ot exporting rice, they for peace. Most of us don't car e. 
now live like pauper s on inter- because for most of us the Viet-
national charity, importing a l- nam " inte r vention" hasnodirect 

, most everything they need while per sonal Impact. Per haps we'd be 
unable to pay for it.) better Chr istians if we felt a lit-

In the las t decade, ho us ing, tie rea l suffer ing our selves! 
health, sanitation, education _ Since rely, 
everything we associate with ci- Gianna Oscuro 
villzation - has declined pr ed- Dear Editor: 
pitously in Vietnam, to a level Letters can be gr eat for 
now probably below that of an- morale . Please publish the 
cient Rome. Their ancient cap- following announcement. 
ita 1 cUy, Hue, has been 90 per If you would like to brigh-
cent destroyed. Saigon, once the ten the day of a s erviceman 
.. Pearl of the Orient" , Is now in Viet Nam, make a new friend 
75 per cent slums. All of the 0- and enjoy the pleasure of re-
ther towns are in various stages ceiving interesting mail, please 
of ruination. Most tragic of all, send an introductory letter, with 
people are being wounded by war, a snapshot enclosed if possible, 
one way or another, by the mll- to: 
lions, and 1 per cent of the popu-
lation is killed each year (accor-
ding to our own figures). 

On the other hand, medlcalat-
tentlon for the US torces is first-
class, and deaths ure negUglble. 

Operation Mall Call 
175th R R Co. 

APO SF 96227 
Sincere thanks. 

Yours truly. 
Dave McKeever 

The incident that prompted this 
letter 'was relatively minor but 
the way the whole situation was 
handled by the pol ce made it 
significant. Last night, April 
16 at 7:45 p.m., whUe return-

Students Should Be Well-Rounded 
Dear Editor: 

In further support of the athletic program, I 
offer a preliminary study aimed at the athletic/ 
scholastic relationship. This might ult1mately an-
swer the criticism that intercollegiate athletics 
might cause "lowering of academic standards." 

Eighty students representing athletes who had 
given most of their time to their sport for prac-
tice, games and travel and who "lettered" during 
the 1967/68 academic year were selected for 
study. The group had a collective GPA of 2.676. 

The GPA for all male students during that 
year was 2.658. This appears to be signlficant 
and proves that these athletes have not suffered 
academically whUe devoting a great deal of time 
to athletics. 

A study at Stanford recently has shown that 
athletes perform academically better during their 
sport season. These findings suggest that a student 
in athletics develops a self discipline which is 
reflected in improved study efficiency, better 
personal health habits and better emotional health. 
This is the reason Student Health Service physicians 
make a point or encouraging freshmen during the 
medIcal review to become involved in athletics. 

The GPA comparison study will continue and 
be extended to the 5-600 intramural athletes. We 
are contident that the result will. be sImilar 

to the intercollegiate group. Perhaps at long last, 
the old campus prejudice against athletics will 
be buried. 

Perhaps having cleared this point, the campus 
can focus on the real advantage of athletics to the 
student. This is in the area of Improved physical 
health, disclpline, abIlity to work with others 
and perhaps, and emotional outlet. These factors 
will do more to keep a student academically 
effective and insure his campus longevity than 
long hours of study unrelieved by adequate exer-
cise. 

We are fortunate to have an athletic department 
manned by some of the most dedicated people 
on campus who are anxious to involve all students 
in some type of athletic activity but are handi-
cappell by a limited budget. 

We hope to see the day when the need to turn 
out well-rounded graduates with knowledge, good 
physical and mental health, self discipllne and 
ability to relate Is recognized as being more 
valuable than any mastering of the subject matter 
in a single field. 

Industry has long recognized this; where have 
we been? 

Sincerely, 
Robert W. Watson, M.D. 

April 25 . 1969 Page 3 

Surfers 
A New Minority 

Dear Editor: 
I have been associated with 

this campus for eight years as 
a graduate student and a r e-
search a ssociate, and I would like 
to bring to your attention a situa-
tion of particular re levance to 
"what is happening" on this cam-
pus. 

Seven years ago I began surf-
ing at Scripps Beach with a 
number of other phys ics graduate 
students from this campus . Con-
ditions wer e so uncrowded that 
no rule s wer e necessary and 
swimmers and surfers coexisted 
without much friction. 

Not much later, as crowds in-
creased, it was decided by an 
unknown UCSD official that rules 
excluding the "undesirable ele-
ment" should be made and too 
bad about UCSD's s urfers . In 
response, the s uper-straight 
UCSD Surf Club was for med . 

During that year we achieved 
a relaxation of the rules which 
had campus police with bull horns 
chasing two of us out olan empty 
ocean onto an empty beach on 
dreary weekdays at 9:00 a.m. 

That sum mer we wer e allowed 
an area to surf before 11: 00 
a.m. and after 6:00 p.m. (in 
front of the Scr ipp' s parking 
lot). 

The next year we were al-
lowed to surf north of Scripp's 
pie r , after negotiations with 
school officials. It was crowded 
with off- campus people and was 
closed once (without advance no-
tice) but opened when a petition 
signed by 60 UCSD surfer s and 
swimmer s was presented to the 
Vice-Chance llor, who made the 
decision. 

During that year , as in pr e-
ceeding ones, our attitude as a 
group was to make ourselves a 
positive addition to the campus 
athletic life. I and two others 
did most of the organization of 
the fir st Interco\Iegiate Surfing 
League and wrote by-laws and 
rules and regulations for su r f-

lng meets. All of this was In the 
hope of gainlng a voice in surf-
lng regulations at Scripp's beach. 

The next summer another at-
tempt was made to close the 
beach, but I spend a morning 
talking to every administrator . 
I cou Id find, and surfing was not 
banned as a result. 

However , the crowds north of 
the pier were getting fairly large. 

Last summer (1968), when we 
found out that surfing was being 
banned , a talk with Dr. Nieren-
bur g resu lted in surfing hour s 
between noon and 2:00 p.m. The 
hou r s discouraged off- camplls 
people and crowds were very 
small. 

For some reason, enforcement .. 
broke down the past few weeks 
and complalnts were received. " T~e s imple solution would have f., 
been to a llow the lifeguards to 
give citations to offenders, but 
this appa rently was not done. 

This summer , su rfing has been ." 
banned entirely on Scr ipp' s ' 
beach. We were not consulted " 
for alternatives. 

The important points to this 
are: 1) at once we r e we UCSD 
Surf Club consulted for alterna-
tives before a ruling was made. 
We always had to fight a rule 
made without our consideration; 
2) As no coherent pollcy existed, . 
quite a number of people had the .. 
authority to make beacll rUles, 
and they did. Eve ry ysar for the 
past six years we have had to 
fight for our existence . 

The moral to this s tory and 
its relevance is clear. We are 
all minorities on this campuS 
in one way or another, whether 
by special interest or by race. 
What can a group which oper-
ates without the Implicit or r eal 
threat of disruption expect in the 
way of consider ation from this 
administration" It certainly looks 
Like it can expec t to be ignor ed, 
doe sn't it? 

Sincerely, 
Bill Prothero 



Radical Students cross the street in an effort to picket in front of 
University Hall. They were non-violence epitomized with chanting 
and signs unfurled. but .•. 

Regents Meeting 
Full of Surprises 

by John ~cCarthy 
When one attends a Regents were confronted by a fairly good-

meeting in Berkeley one must sized demonstration by students 
be ready to face two days of against ROTC and tuition. There 
paradoxical and contradictory as was the usual accompanying anti-
well as similar situations. rally by YAF with such signs 

One of the similar situations as ROTC-YES, SDS-NO, Heave 
I encounte red was the defeat last Ho et. al. The police did their 
Thursday by the vote rs of the thing effectively aliright. They 
Richmond School District of a stopped the demonstrators in the 
tax increase proposal. The vot- middle of the street and pushed 
ers did succeed in electing a them back across. One did so 
very conservative Board, but the a little too forcefully than was 
schools have now been closed In- necessary for the occasion. This 
definitely for lack of operating action was noticed by Regent Dut-
funds. Sound familiar? ton who later filed a complaint. 

Unlike the violent atmosphere The demonstrators had nodesire 
that was prevalent at the last to test their adversaries so they 
Berkeley Regents meeting in resumed demonstrating across 
February, there was a carnival- the street and added no new 
like atmosphere on the campus. broken windows or other forms of 
As you walked into Sproul Pla- disruption to the scene at Un!-
za It was reminiscent of a Med- versity Hall. 
leval market place, where stu- Meanwhile, inside University 
dents were selling anything from Hall, oblivious to most of what 
food to buttons to ideas. The was happening around them were 
only violence that marred my the Regents, doing a little dis-
first day there was a vicious rupting of their own. But, par-
dog fight that occurred over some adoxically, they were also doing 

".. 

Angered by an unprovoked shove of a student, Regent Dutton tried to 
get a badge number to no avail. Dutton supported student interests 
inside, too ... 

food given out by a student. 
The dogs didn't seem to think 
sharing it was reasonable. 

University Hall, w~ere the 
meetings are held, still bore the 
scars of the activities ot Feb-
ruary. As an example of the 
slowness olthe bureaucr , tic pro-
cedure the windows that had been 
broken in February as yet have 
not been replaced . ~'ape and 
wood have been used instead. 

The police were in altendance 
in lorce again, anticipating some 
sort of violent de monstration as 
before. They came in all col-
ors, shapes and sizes. But most 
of them were big, blue and ugly. 
I was reminded of the ending of 
George Orwell's ANIMAL FARM, 
where he describes how the faces 
changed back and forth from men 
to pigs until one could not tell 
the diflerence. 

The police had a chance to do 
their thing the next day when they 

a few admirable, constructive 
things. As to the former, the 
"serious" Question of the im-
portance of every student having 
permanent, plastic 10 cards with 
theIr pictures on it was one of 
the first things to come up. Most 
of the Regents defended it as 
being just an aumir.istr~tivp aid, 
but Regent Dutton called it "the 
first step to repressive controll." 
We shall just have to wait and 
see what happens. 

The Chancellors musthaverelt 
as oppressed by the machinery 
of the Board as the students nor-
mally do. For, it was their 
turn this time, along with Pres-
ident Hitch, to get screwed by 
Ronnie & Co. Because, it was 
the pOlitical tools (appointments) 
of Reagan to the Board that pro-
vided the necessary votes (13-
10) to pass the Smith amendment 
to the Standing Orders of the 
Regents. This appointment takes 

-

away the power that was given 
to the President and Chancellors 
three years ago. In an obvious 
polltical move, probably stem-
ming somewhat from the Mar-
euse controversy, the Regents 
have now taken back the right to 
awoint and promote, demote or 
dismiss all higher ranking fac-
ulty and employees. Only if the 
Regents take no action at the 
next meeting following the re-
ceipt of names to be acted upon 
does the power fall back upon 
the President and the Chancel-
lors. Fortunately this was fur-
ther amended by Regent Roth to 
the effect that no political test 
may be given to any faculty or 
employee up for consideration. 
The Chancellors have indicated 
that they are going to let it 
ride for awhile, with some re-
signations a possibility. 

On the brighter side, Pres-
ident Hitch read a report on the 
Urban Crisis Program being con-
ducted by the University. What 
has, is being and wlll be done 
to help alleviate our urban and 
minority problems is quite ad-
mirable. The Regents were un-
animous in their approval and 
desire for expansion of the pro-
gram. Their sincerity however, 
is indeterminable. 

The Regents also showed their 
seldom seen good side on the 
financial question. Monagan's 
tuition proposal stUl remains and 
will be considered again in June 
I 
~~ 

but the Regents were again un-
animous in their desire to use 
it only as a last resort. They 
would prefer to see the money 
required come from other 
sources such as bond issues 
and the legislature. To keep up 
with growth rates the Univer-

I sHy's budget wlll have to double to between $60-70 million by 
1977. If this is not possible to 
acquire, tile Rell8Dts all desire, 

so t hey say, to maintain the qual-
ity of the University, and will 
do so by cutting back in .. arious 
areas 

This is what a Regents meet-
ing is like; dull, depressing, 
frustrating, exciting, contradic-
tory and paradoxical. It's a 
place where a person gets to 
observe capitalism and politick-
ing at their worst, but every so 
often man at his best shines 
through. 

Across the street the Blue Meanies waited; calm, cool, and collected. 
They, too, were veterans of uglier, earlier confrontations and force 
was 011 tbelr side ... 

The two met at the curb. The Alameda Countr Sheriffs then escorted 
the students back across the intersection lIKe policemen did in the 
days of Old, but with a new twist ... _________ _ _ _ ...... =============-

@~ "EtittMitd 

- ~ 

~&~~ I Always Cry 
I At Funerals 

The atmosphere at the last 
Regents' meeting was subdued, as 
befits a funeral of sorts. 

The last political ghost haunt-
ing the university of late was 
quietly laid to rest last Friday 
afternoon when the Regents voted, 
13-10, to reassume their right of 
consent over faculty and em-
ployee hiring and promotion. 

Ghosts generally prove elu-
sive. Marcuse's ghost has just 
been exorcised; Cleaver's was 
given the bell, book, and candle 

treatment in November. Thus the 
Regents fulfilled their duty of 
protecting the university from all 
enemies, foreign and domestic, 
real and imagined. 

Goblins, being what they are, 
will probably appear again to 
challenge the Governor's con-
ception of the pure University_ 
Then in response to great pub-
lic horror and indignation which 
he senses, the Governor will 
fly to the scene to exoe 11 the 
evil spirits. 

r ' • If, by some nasty device. the 
'",- unclean ones have securedapos-

itlon for a specified length of 
time, the Regents invent a new 
formula to guarantee that the 
bad ones w1ll be removed dur-
ing the vulnerable period of re-
newar. 

The Regents, true to form, will 
waste valuable time chasing other 
shadows and send a few innocent 
bystanders to the stake in the 
process of cleansing the uni-
versity. 

Regental interests were back~y representatives 

The political manipulation of 
the University by the Governor 
through the Regents has become 
a fact of Iile which the 
university community will no 
longer be free to ignore. Rel-
evant and valuable practices dev-
eloped and encouraged under pre-
vious Boards become no more the 
pawns in the give and take of 
Regental political struggie. 

ity" who were decidedly in the minority that day. Perhaps this may 
be s ignilicant. PHOTOS BY BOURIN 

< 

.. _ ·,Ss' April 25 t 1969 Page S 

Faculty Discusseslumumba-Zapata Reaction 
by Paul Emus 

Last Tuesday the Academic 
Senate met to discuss various 
issues troubling the university, 
the primary one being the pro-
posed Lumumba-Zapata college. 

Chancellor McGill first made 
a few comments on the Regents 
meeting, indicating "a very ser-
ious struggle between the Presi-
dent ... and the Regents." The 
force ot the amendment passed 
will give the Regents a veto on 
hiring faculty and will go into 
effect on July 5. 

Pointing out Reagan's call for 
political criterIon, McGUI said 
that this "appears to be a be-
ginning on the part of the Re-
gents; I don't know where it 
is all going." 

Student body president Tom 
Shepard reported on the military 
recruitment situation, indicating 
two major issues that would be 
included in a referendum: (1) 
the operation ot the placement 
center with student fees; and (2) 
the compatability of the military 
with the university. A pamph-
let is being prepared to further 
explain this. 

Armin Rappaport, provost of 
the third college, discussed his 
talk with BSC and MAYA. He 
appeared receptive to their ideas, 
but was later criticized for 
"quibbling about statutes and 
restraints on the college." Dr. 
Urey remarked that he hoped 
no committment had been made 
on the name of the college. 

Chancellor McGill, in his 
statement concerning "the BSC-
MAYA situation' said that pre-
viously he was asked to respond 
to speclflc demands with a sim-
ple yes or no. The details, he 
said, in fact "represent certain 
principles." He asked them to 
rewrite the orIginal demands with 
Dean Murphy, changing specifi-
cally the demands dealing with 
student control olthe government 
and admissions. 

He indicated that "UCSD sup-
ports courses, majors, and in-
stitutes that direct them selves 
to the cultural heritage of minor-
ities." He called for "an honest 
and effective attempt" and 
charged the faculty to seek out 
minority members. McGill 
pointed out, however, that "we 
are a public institution and there-
fore limited," s ince It "can be 
taken out of our hands by pub-
lic officials." 

Vice Chancellor Penner told 
about the "ultimatum" he 
receIved from some students the 
previous week for implementa-
tion of the demands within two 
weeks . This alarmed much of 
the faculty and provoked sonie 
heated discu ssion. 

Dr. Halpern expressed the ne-
cessity of discussing the Lumum-
ba- Zapata College as an exciting 
intellectual potential possibility. 

Prof. Schultz thought one of 
the problems is that BSC-MAYA 
"don't know how to work with 
a power structure." He said 
that "students had become impa-
tient with due process." 

Prof. Watson, a negro, pointed 

Resolution . passed by UCSD 
Academic Senate on April 22: 

The Senate affirms its commit-
ment to act on minority educa-
tion and therefore welcomes, en-
courages and supports the ini-
titation of formal discussions 
between designated representa-
tives of the planning faculty of 
Third College on the subject of 
the plan for Third College. It 
requests the Third College plan-
ning faculty to report to the Se-
nate on the progress of these 
discussions at the earliest oppor-
tunity at a special Senate meet-
lng. 

out that students don't want to 
go through all the bureaucracy 
and "the fact that they went to 
the head man on campus" shows 
this. He commented on getting 
contractors and architects from 
the minority community since 
the ar e the ones that do the 

menial iabor. 
Dr. Harris remarked that on 

a national level programs for 
bringing in members of the black 
community with a relatively high 
LQ. bas been a failure. He 
expressed concern on "attempts 
to lower our " 
••••• 

The Chancellor indicated the 
Senate dilemma and wanted a 
proposal written more in "prin-
ciple" that they can all agree 
upon. • 

It was pointed out that all of 
the remarks from the floor seem 
to be but there was an 

"Intransigent attitude" amongan 
"atmosphere of threats." 

In all, the controversy ranged 
from Prof. Halpern calling for 
some direct action to Dr. Urey 
expressing his alarm at student 
partiCipation in university af-

• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • I • 
• • I • 
I • 
I • 
I • 
I • 
I • 
• • I • 
I • 
I • 
• • I • 
I • 
• • I • 
I • 
I • 
• • I • 
I I 
• • I • 
I • 
I • 
I • 

• I I I 

• I 
• I I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I • 
I I 
I I 
I I · 
I I 

• I I I 
• • 
• I 
• I I I I I 
• • I • 
I • 
I • 
I I 

• I I • 
I • 
I • 
I • 
I • 
I • 
I • 
I • 
I • 
I • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• • 
• I • • 
• PSA stewardess Britt Hellstrom demonstrates the correct technique. • 
• • 
• • ! free Kites S~ 4 ",sues'!) ad 'PS;4 ! 
• • 
........ THE A.S. AND PSA SPONSOR: •••••• own string and kite tail. (You •••• • 2. Each contestant must supply: . .... 
: KITE CONTEST may buy a roll of kite string at A. 400 reet of kite flying • 
•••••••• WIN A TRIP FOR TWO TO SAN •••••• the time the kites are handed out, ••••• string. • .... 
• FRANCISCO! there will also be available free B. A small stake to be in- : 
•••••••• FREE KITES •••••• material for talls-there's a lim- • •••• serted through the card- ••••• 
• FRIDAY APRIL 25th Ued supply-come early!) Each board string holder • 
:-•••••• 12:00 NOON •••••• contestant will be given a list •••• , C. Enough material for the ..... 
• MEET AT REVELLE PLAZA of regulations most oC which tail of the kitE. : 
••••••• (ACTUAL FLYING WILL TAKE •••••• are stated beIO~: •••• • Each of the above willi)!' avail- ••••• 
• place west of the 1. There will be one girl win- able immp.diately prececing the • 
: REVE LLE CAFETERIA) ner and one boy winner from contest but the supply is I ;mlted. • 
• UCSD. The winners will enter Be sure to come early so you'll : 
• Callfornia's first intercol- the state finals (transportation, have enough time to atta~h the • 
• legiate kite fiylng contest is lodging, etc. will be paid by string and tail to vour kit • • 
= being sponsored on a state-wide PSA). The grand prize for both 3. The winners will be the fir • 
• basis by PSA; UCSD's contest the boy and girl winner oC the girl and the Cirst boy to reach : 
• is co-sponsored by the Associ- finals Is a week-end trip for two the full 400 feet. • 
• ated Students. The kites are free to San Fra. .. :!C:r.o and a trophy. 4. Each contestant must be a • 
= and wlll be dispensed lmmediate- Both winners of the UCSD con- registered UCSD student. • 
• Iy before the contest. However, test wlll receive round trip tcck- FOR FURTHER tNFORMA- • 
• each contestant must supply his ets to San Francisco. r lON CALL SUSAN GOHMLIE: = 
• 224-3946. . 
. ... ~ ....................................................................• 



'aa. 6 1 April 25 , 1969 
fil. U"'lil.~ 
He.ring 01 Recruiler Incidenl De.d'ocied 

By CLAY ANDERSON 
The Student-Faculty Com-

mIttee on Student Condllct be-
gan hearings last 71:y con-
cerning the Feb. 21 ecrulter 
eoofrOlltation at U . Pro-
ceedings were viel'ed by a~ 
proximately 50 ~le and re-
sulted in adjournment until a 
later date becau$'e of displtes 
involving the wesentalion of 
evidence and its 'accuracy. 

Five of the eight committee 
members, two students and 
three ;"culty me m be r s, con-
ducted tbe bearing. Shortly 
after it began the eight de-
fendants and their supporters 
walked out 'on the meeting, 
charging thalthe committee was 
weighted In favor at the facuUy 
and that discussion of tbe im-: 
balance was being supressed. 
The students (JIickly returned, 
however, after George Murphy, 
dean of student affairs, assured 
them that the issue would be 
discussed as soon as tbe open-
ing for~ had been cov-
ered. \ 

This dispute was subsequent-
ly settled as one faculty mem-
ber agreed to abstain from 
voting, but it was then announc-
ed by the committee that its 
p.1rpose was to advise tbe chan-
cellor rather than punisb the 
defendants. This announcement 
rendered voting a mere for-
mality and defined the commit-

tee's purpose asbeingprimarl-
ly Investigative. 

As the meeting cmtlnued, the. 
defendants raised an additional 
challenge to the members of 
the board. The challenge in-
volved tbeir connections, if any, 
with contracts or grants from 
the federal government. Many 
of these contracts have "tying" 
clauses which re(JIire colleges 
to open their doors to. military 
and government recruiters. If 
these recruiters were barred 
from the campus, government 
funds could be withbeld from 
professors and research per-
sonnel. All members of the 
committee, however, denied 
tbat such cont ractual obliga-
tiOIlS would influence their de-
cision. . . 

Settlemeot of the contract 
jssue allowed the bearing to 
enter tile invlistigative stage. 
Dean Murphy was asked to re-
late the se'<JIence of events 
leading to/tbe current hearing. 
The dead spoke of the March 
31 melfing which he held with 
the accused students, during 
which be discussed the charges 
brought against tpam as well 
as the possibilllj of adminis-
trative discipU!\e. The out-
growth of tile' conference was 
that the defoodants rejected ad-
ministrative discipline and that 
the dean subse(JIently. turned 
the case over to the Committee 

Dr. Lindsley and Dr. Backus, faculty members of the Committee 
on Student Conduct , have their discussion recorded during the student 
walk-out at last fr iday's Marine hearing. ---J.D. 

on Student Conduct. 
After tbe case was turned 

over to the committee, uni-
versity regulations concerning 
disciplinary pr 0 c edu r e re-
quired the administration to no-
tify the defendants of the evi-
dlllce to be used against them. 
This was promptly done, with 
both the accused students and 
tbe committee members re-
ceiving a statement describing 
the evidence to be used In the 
hearing. Dean Murphy invited 
corrections or comments on 
the evidence from tbe accused 
students, but none were re-
ceived . 

As the statement was re-
... viewed during the hearing, the 

defendants argued the last par-
agraph was a violation of con-

\1idence concerning the March 
'31 meeting. The paragraph 
in question stated that during 
tbe March meeting the stu-
dents confessed to their pre-
sence on the steps. Dean Mur-
phy contended that only part 
of the meeting was beld in 
confidence, with the remainder, 
Including the contested para-
graphs, not restricted by his 

~e of confidence. The stu-
dents argued, however, that a 
tape recording f)f the meeting, 
agreed to by bJth parties, will 
show that the dean has acted 
in bad faith. 

Further discussion appeared 
useless because· each side stuck 
to its story and the tape, even 
if available, was not admissible 
as evidence under university 
procedure. The committee then 
asked each defendant if he or 
she were guilty and all re-
fused to answer. It also asked 
the defendants why they had 
allowed Dean Murphy's state-
ment to be submitted without 
objection, and ·the students re-
plied that th+ were perfectly 
willing to allow the dean to vio-
late cqnfidenq'e . 

Dean Murphy then s tated that 
if there was a violation of con-
fidence, he would simply pr e-
sent additlon'al e v ide n c e al-
ready contained in the state-
ment. He 'subse(JIently did 
so, with himself and another 

"Would all those who clapped please leave?' Dr. Backus shows 
his disgust with an interuption in the otherwise smooth proceedure. 

member of IUs staff Identi -
fying six of tfle defendants as 
h a v I n g been present on the 
steps. As tor the two re-
maining defentlants, the dean 
stated that another member of 
his staff, not present at the 
hearing, had heard them con-

. fess their presence in front 
of the Placement Office door. 

The defendants took issue 
with the dean's last remark, 
contending that this evidence 
had not been included in the 
pr evious statement and that as 
a result it could not be applied 

, against two of the accused. 
This point was acknowledged by 
the committee and tor a short 
time the hearing appearM dead-
locked. 

in order to break the stale-
mate, Dr . John Geddes, direc-
tor of the Student Placement· 
Office, produced a reel of film 

which is alleged to show the 
confrontation taking place. Al-
tbough bis film was inadmls-

, sible at the time, both sides 
agreed tbat It should be in-
cluded in the hearing. The 
hearing was then adjourned for 
approximately a week, during 
which the film and other items 
of evidence will be prepared 
for presen(ation at the next 
session . 

Tbough the first session ap-
peared unproductive, it did shed 
light on the tactics of both sides. 
No longer able to base Its case 
on confeSSions, the administra-
tion will have to construct a 
framework of evidence which 
will prove the guilt or the de-
fendants. Although it is an-
ticipated that the Geddes film 
will provir\e a cornerstone for 

(CONTINUED ON PAGE TEN) 

r===-tiCSo1iEmor~~=~···· 
May 23 24 

Friday & Saturd"ay 

BONfIRE 
1.30 p.m., East of Gym 

PLAZA DANCE 
8.30 p.m., Revelle Plaza 

(~elican band & local rode group) 

CARNIVAL 
1.00 p.m., Revelle Plaza 

(games, food, entertainment) 

BAJA MARIMBA BAND 
Evening, Gym 

n ,.1. 

~RIi ..... April 25. 1969 · Pag~ 7 

Committee to Re-examine King, Kennedy Deaths 
A new group, the Committee to 

investigate Assassinations (CIA) 
has been formed to look Into four 
murders -- Martin Luther King, 
Malco]m X, John Kennedy and 
Robert Kennedy. Richard Pop-
kin, a professor at UCSD is a 
member of tllis committee. 

He described the major work of 
the committee as its success 
in forcIng a court bearing on the 
John Kennedy Assassination In-
formatiOIl held in the N~tlonal 
Archives. Although the QlA won 
the cast. the government refused 
to rele~se the mate rial. 

Popkin added, however, that a 
large amount of evidence was 
released at tbe trial that had 
previously been withheld, inclu-
ding the testimony of several 
pathologists who had examin-
ed the autopsy photographs, 
showing further discrepencles in 
the Warren Report that should be 
conside red. 

Popkin also stated that most of 
the work olthe comm tUee was done 
by Its director, Bud Fensterwald, 
and that his role was only ad-
visory, as an expert on the John 
Kennedy Assassination. (Popkin 
has written a b:)()k, titled "The 
other Oswald.") The committee 
members basically advise, and 
share information through this 
organization. but do not work dIr-
ectly together. 

When questioned if the members 
of the organization were afraid 
either of the possible conspir-
ators, or the Federal Government, 
Popkin indicated the interference 
with the work of other investi-
gators was cause for concern. 

WASHINGTON (CPS) -- Most 
people agree by now that the War-
ren Commission Report is some-
what less than complete. state 
attorneys in the Sirhan trial have 
been operating under the assum-
tion that there was no conspiracy 
there. A Justice Department state-
ment that there was "no evidence 
of conspiracy" a year ago in Mem-
phis would be fUlUlY if it were-
n't for the tragedy it stemmed 
from. The Malcolm X affair? 
Nobody really knows how much of 
a premeditated plot it was. 

The CIA is headed by Bernard 
(Bud) Fensterwald, who worked 
with the late Sen. Estes Kefauver 
(D-Tenn.) in his drug firm in-
vestigations and Sen. Ed lAng 
(n-Mo.) on his inquiry into wire-
tapping. The Committee is op-
erating out of Fensterwald's pri-
vate law office in Washington, us-
ing money from "some personal 
donations.' ' 

On the list of Board of Direc-
tors, are Fred Cook (The FBI 
Nobody Knows) and Ramparts 
editor William Turner, as well as 
Jim Garrison. A number of other 
individuals are co-operating with-
out lending their names -- these 
include Josiah Thompson (SlxSec-
onds in Dallas), and Harold Weis-
berg (Whitewash I and n, Pbo-
tographlc Wbltewahs, and Oswald 
in New Orleans). 

Some people the CIA doesn't 
want. Edward Epstein (Inquest) 
for instance. "We 've black-balled 
him," laughs Festerwald. "He 
turned state's evidence -probably 
for money, " he explains. .. And 
Percy Fortman (attorney tor 

James Ear] Ray) is not exactly 
opposed to making money either." 
Lending s upport --but not their 
names --are William Bradford 
Huie - (who is doing a series for 
Look magazine on the King death) 
and Ray's former attorney, Arthur 
Haynes. "A number of major 
Negro groups are co-operating," 
say Fensterwald, although he says 
they aren't making it public. 

Obtaining data is the major pro-
blem. Attempts at getting help 
from the government have been 
equally unsuccessful. "Any con-
ceivable way the government a-
gencies are trying to slow us 
down.' An expert himselt on 
phone-bugging, Fensterwald oper-
ates WIder the assumption his 
phone Is tapped. 

The group sees a definite con-
spiracy in the Joh Kennedy death 
and, as Fensterwald puts it, "Foot-
prints of conspiracy in the others. 
There are also footprints of con-
spiracy linking them together." 

The strongest link is between the 
first Kennedy murder and the King 
assassination." The next strong-
est links, maintains the group, is 
between the King and Malcolm X 
kUlings. Fensterwald indicates 
that the same sources may be 
behind the two, ultimately. He 
does admit that there are fewer 
connections between the Robert 
Kennedy death and the others, but 
sees enough evidence to justify 
further investigation. 

The King killing plot seems to 
center around New Orleans, iron-
ically enough. The committee 
sees four possible "links between 
the King and first Kennedy deaths. 

These are: photographs of a sus-
pect arrested in Dealy Plaza in 
Dallas; easily identifiable guns 
conveniently left at both assas-
sination sites; double and triple 
identities used by the prime sus~ 
pects; and penetration of pOlice 
radio networds in both cases. 

Due to small funds and scarce 
information, the group's invest-
Igation into the Malco]m X slay-
ing Is "minimal." 

It's not clear what the Com-
mittee has that an avid "assas· 
sination buff" wouldn't have be-
yond a full library. An their 
evidence points to the obvious con-
clusIon that the government isn't 
coming clean on its own invest-

19atlons. 
The "footprints" Fensterwald 

and his group see everywhere may 
very well be conspirital tracks or 
merely some stray steps . There's 
no reason to write them off yet, 
though, and th.e possib1Ilty that 
the Committee can come up with 
some hard-core evidence to re-
fute the government seems worth 
waiting for. 

Conspiracy? "We don't know," 
sayd Fensterwald. " We don't 
have the answers, but we're at-
tempting to be as reSiJonsible as 
we can. We have no precon-
ceived notions except that the 
Warren Commission is a fairy 
tale." 

--

Tickets available at . • • 
Arts & Lectures Office 

(Lobby, Urey Hall) 

and 
Student Activities Office 

(Bldg. 250 Me) 

YARBROUGH 
~------------------------------------------------------------------------, 

WEDNESDAY, MAY 7, 1969 
UCSD GYM - 8:30 P.M. 

$2.50 AS UCSD MEMBERS 
$3. 50 GENERAL ADM ISSION 

--------- .-.. '- -) 

"1 Mt C6IUtUtud t~at the--r.e 
i~ tM-'te 'teal m«-4i~ be 
(j,ttlUt '4 Itat«,'tai (,to i(.e 

t1.4It tie Mt; (,(J Ht/t 04 l(,/ to f(. 
"} '~e eetVt (.!teated, " 



8 2S, 1969 

~ 

i 
i 

~ 

I 
~ 
III 
PI 

~ 
" :I 

~ ~ 
S~4U«J4-~ettwI t6~etdaf 
Well fans time to cut the crap. We first want to apologize for the 

lack of com~unication between us and you for the last couple of weeks. 
Time and personal hassles, you know. , 

First off John Mayall and Deep Purple are coming to San Diego 
this Satur&y night. Deep Purple, in spite of the teeny bop Image, 
ar probably one of the most musically tight groups around. The 
lead guitarist is probably as good as anybody you can name in rock. 
Mayall is the 35-year old king of Engllsh blues. Hi~ new group is 
really something particularly Mike Taylor, the lead guItarist. May-
all Deeds no introduction. If you haven't heard or seen him yet, do 

ill spite of this beiDc a Papi shuck, it will be a &ood sbow. 

• 
•• 

. ' 

12 
GO 
.. 

a- Col 
~ ~ 
III ~ I ~ ~ • ::I • 

• ... i i II: Ii ~ ~ 
III 15 ~ z: 

" 
~ 

~ 
, ~ 

Speaking of Pagni, if you are tired of the Pagni concerts and the 
rather obvious faults that tooy have, support the United Fruit Ballroom 
at Central and University. The cats running it have your best int.;. 
erests at beart. If you don't support them, the chance of a good rock 
center for San Diego will go the way of the Hippodrome. They are 
being constantly hassled by the SDPD pigs who seem scared of this 
sort of thing. If we can show support ... rna ybe there's a good chance 
of something happening which Is not based on the American market 
mentality. Anyway, Lee Michaels is there this Friday with Framework, 
the best band in San Diego and the thing should be worth the $2.50. 
Saturday night they feature Surprise Package, Mugwumps, and Frame-
work. Sunday starting at 3:00 for a $1.00 (girls for tree) it'll be Mug-
wumps, Framework and a free jam open to anyone who would like to 
participate • 

The Buddy Miles, Pogo, and Pulse concert here last Friday night 
was probably the hottest concert that San otego bas seen in quite a 
while. Pogo a new group featuring old Buffalo Springfield members. 
Rich Furay and Jim Messina and still retaining some of the old Spring-
field sound had to be the hit of the show, they were simply outstanding. 
The hard strands of the steel guitar and the soft voice of Rich Furay 
combined to put out a fantastic sound. Buddy Miles was his usual 
great and Pulse really blew people out. Nobody knows where he's from 
or where he's going but it would be a shame if he didn't go somewhere. 
The guy is one of too best percussionist-light show shmear things there 
ever has been. 

We're looking forward to Archie Shepp being here a week from 
next Tuesday night. Shepp is easlly as good a sax player as the late 
John Coltrane and since John's death is probably the best there is. 
H you consider yourself a music freak, and don't make it to this one, 
there's definitely some hypocrisy somewhere. Sbepp will also lecture 
on the" Aesthetics of Black Music" Monday night, May 8 in the Revell. 
Cafeteria. 

Any comments, questions, hard-nose disagreement and other bull 
like that just drop it off at the 1'1' office or accost eithe r one of us 
on campus. Ulnny and Kelsey 

• 

PHOTOGRAPHY BY 

Mission Pla,IIouse C "-olllpe Iftg 
by Larry Johnson 

The Mission Playhouse is a 
little orr the beaten track for 
San Diego theater goers who make 
the rounds of the Globe, the Fal-
staff Tavern, and other more 
famous houses. And for those of 
us who love the Mission Play-
house it is perhaps a good thing, 
for 11 ," \ " ; a mere seventy-five 
people. Charmingly tucked away 
in the historic sector of Old 
Town, down a torch Itt path, the 
Intimate litlle theater is handy 
to the scenic attractions and par-
takes ()f the Old Town atmos-
phere. Within walking distance 
are a number of delightful (and 
even historic) places suitable 
for a before show Mexican din-
ner or an atter show margarita. 
It seems almost too good to be 
true that here is to be found 
some of the best theater in town. 

This writer saw the opening 
night of Edward Albee's" A Deli-
cate Balance", and it was well 
worth seeing. Playhouse director 
Edythe Pirazinni as usual was 
able to forge an imaginative and 
well executed production. As is 
typically the case for Albee, "A 
Delicate Balance" is a psycho-
logical inquiry which runs not 
so much to messages as to 
themes. As with other Albee 
plays, such as "Virginia Wolt", 
we are confronted with over pow-
ered women and under powered 
men, all with divergent yet inter-
locking hang-ups, and these re-
quire, as the title suggests, a 
delicate balance. The theme 
which struck me as particularly 
forceful is the important but otten 
overlooked point that successful 
human relationships do not mere-
ly happen but must be achieved, 
which is often fairiy difficult. 
Marriages, for example, are not 
made in heaven but are forged 
on earth. other relationships re-
quire similar effort. 

With such a fine cast it is 
difficult to single any player out 
for honors. Martin Gerrish did 
his usual superior job as Tobias, 
the cool but rather hollow father, 
a man of some insight, but one 
who subtly abdicates his re-
sponsibilities in the various re-
lationships. Mimmette EbreD-

freund, aside from a technical 
difficulty in sometimes not being 
sure what to do with her arms, 
insightfully played Agnes , the 
not always insightful matriarch 
who was determined to uphold 
the forms, if not the substance. 
Often a rather poisonous char-
acter, she was largly impelled 
to her poisonousness by the nec-
essity of her role of forcing 
appearances where actualities 
had withered from lack of work 
and inSight. The actress cap-
tured the character well. 
Agnes' drunkard sister Claire 
was skillfully played by Pat Cur-
tus who made us believe this 
character. Claire had the nec-
essary insights the others lacked, 
but she lacked the synthesizing 
power and wlll to do anytnlng 
with her insights. She illus-
trates the factthat intrapersonal, 
as well as interpersonal, re-
lationships must be accomplished 
with wlll and toil. 0' Ann Pay-
ton did a believable job as Julla, 
the daughter who runs from mar-
riage to marriage, and who runs 
home to her parents everytlme 
things hit a snag in a marriage 
she blundered into. Bill Gay-
lord and Harriet Percifield did 
well as Harry and Edna, the fear 
stricken friends of the famlly 
who, having difficultie s with their 
own relationships , complicate 
those of the family. • 

One of the most tragic mom-
ents of the play was wben Tobias; 
with a futile insight, unsuccess-
fully tried to persuade them to 
stay and work something out. 
Albee is not unequivocal here. 
There is also, throughout, a 
strong suggestion that even in-
sight can be futile or misap-
plied, and this ambivalence is 
well expressed here. Also, a rose 
to Elaine Gerrish for her art-
istic costuming. 

A fine production, withno 
appreciable weak spots in cast or 
execution, A Delicate Balance at 
the Mission Playhouse in Old 
Town is a fine choice for those 
seeking both entertainment and 
insight. It plays in repertory 
with Night of the Iguana, and 
will be joined in May by Hedda 
Gabler. 

ArChie Shepp, rlcht on with the saxophone, wlll be on campus May 
8 and 9 to blow from the lectern as well as from the stage. 

lltMat-S a4e 
Possessed 

with Energy 
by Paul Hamburg 

Any me mber of this campus 
community, be he student, faculty 
or whoeve r, who fail s to attend 
at least one performance of 
Marat-Sade which opens this 
evening in the UCSD Theatre in 
MC 269, belongs in the asylum 
of Charenton-for they wlll be 
truly insane to miss this chance 
to take advantage oIan incredibly 
magical evening of theatre. 

Upon entering the theatre It is 
hard to believe that Building 
269 was once used at UCSD as a 
gymnasium - so much has been 
changed. But during the perfor-
mance even this is forgotten. A 
remarkable feat of transforma-
tion has been accomplished. 

Marat-Sade is a collage of 
many aspects of modern theatre-
sometimes Brecht, sometimes 
theatre of the absurd, but the 
originality and genius of Peter 
Weiss' play always shines 
through. The play appears to 
this writer as remarkably simi-
lar to a complex work of contra-
puntal music, requiring the audi-
ence to take in several strains 

of action simultaneously and yet, 
the dramatic action retains Its 
coherence throughout. 

Each member of the cast is 
possessed with the fantastic de-
gree of energy required for a 
performance of this most diffi-
cult and complex work. In fact, 
energy, dynamism and vitality 
can be said to be the watchwords 
of the entire performance. 

Eric Christmas has molded 
this troupe into a cast of magical, 
imaginative, brilliant perform-
ers. Attending one of the re-
hearsals earlier this week, I 
left the performance wlthan exu-
berance instilled in me both by 
the cast's performance and also 

his words to them. 

Pase 9 

Anyone fortunate enough to 
have attended Eric Christmas' 
performance is aware of his 
overwhe lming energy and feeling 
that he gives to his own per-
formances. That energy, feeling 
and brilliance is equa 11y evident 
in this performance of Marat-
Sade. 

This writer recently listened 
to the recording of Marat-Sade 
by the Royal Shakespeare Com-
pany and at that time fe It that 
when I saw this student pe rfor-
mance I would be disappointed 
and that It would not come up 
to my expectations. I could never 
have been more wrong-any ap-

hensions that I had had van-
the began. 



April 25, 1969 

SPORTS 
SHORTS 

Soccer Team Kicks 
OffWarm-upSeason 

I was quite flattered this week when UCSD athletes came and asked 
me my opinion on their questionaire that they are handing out. We 
rapped a while, and I promised to make my position clear in this 
week's column. 

When I fir st read it, I took it as a demand for athletic scholar-
ships. My position on that hasn't changed from my previous articles. 
] am still opposed to outright athletic scholarships, and to UCSD 
going "big time " in athletics. Butata second glance, these "demands" 
are diIferent, and they need to be examined a bit closer than one would 
on the fir st reading. 

In general, most of the demands have good underlying ideas, al-
though ] think the athletes hurt themselves because the questionaire 
was hastily written and thus comes out misleading. 

There are little points to quibble about. Yes, maybe PE course 
can be given one credit. There are' easier ways to earn credits around 
here, and some PE classes do involve a lot of time and energy. 

Also, the demands concerning more active roles for private donors 
and use of income (rom concessions seem to point toward scholar-
ships. U - and only if - this money is used for things like the train-
ing table, equipment, playing field upkeep, away trip funds and the 
like (excluding athletic scholarships of any sort), 1 could go along 
with those demands. 

Okay, I realize those are little things, and I do want to state my 
major suggestion to Chancellor McGill, Dr. Forbes and the athletes. 

The demand for a physical education major immediately turns peo-
ple off to the athletes demands. This is because "we all know" 
what a Phys. Ed. major is like -- a big, dumb slob getting a BA the 
only way he can: by taking 127 PE courses. 

Vo"e,~all 
The UCSD Intercollegiate vol-

leyball team will face Whittier 
and Cal Lutheran In the first 
annual NAIA, Area I, District 
ill volleyball championships, 
which start at 11:00 a.m. tom-
arrow. UCSD i s hosting the 
tourney. 

The tournament will be a round 
robin, best 2 of 3 games with 
each competing team. The Tri-
tons are lead by team captain 
Dan Grindle and 6'7" Rich Rei-
therman. The winner will go to 
Illinois for the national small 
college finals. 

In tram urals 
There will be an intramural 

track meet open to all who wish 
to partiCipate to be held on the 
track east of MC at 4:00 today. 
The 10 evenis include long jump, 
high jump, shot put, 220 yards, 
100 yards, 100 yard low hurdles, 
880 relay, 440 relay and the 
mile run. All contestants will 
be hrylng to break last year's 
meet records. This is a walk-
in meet, so if you wish to part-
icipate, just show up at 4:00. 

Intercollegiate soccer has re-
turned to UCSD as the Triton 
kickers started their spring 
training in preparation for their 
second season in the fall. Dr. 
Gian SarolU, this year's coach, 
has been conducting workouts on 
the soccer field on Monday, Wed-
nesday and Friday, starting at 
4:00 p.m. 

During these practices, Sar-
olli is attempting to teach his 
players the basics of soccer, and 
with his more experienced play-
ers helping the newcomers, quite 
a lot of progress is expected. 
Besides practices, the soccer 
team also will play various games 
which should give an indication 
as to who will comprise the nu-
cleus of next year's squad. 

Last week, the Triton kickers 
played two games against Mexi-
can teams. The first game, 
played in Ensenada against the 
"Instltuto MarinO," wound up with 
the Triton's coming up on the 
short end of a 4-3 loss. The 
game was a hard-Cought match, 
played on a dirt field, some-
thing the UCSD team was not 
accustomed to. 

The Ensenada team forged to 
a 3-1 lead in tbe first half on 
great outside shooting. The 
lone UCSD goal was made by 
senior Brent Rogers. Rogers 

tied up the score with two more 
goals early In the second balf, 
but late in tbe game Ensenada 
scored its fourth goal to win 
tbe game. 

The Tritons hosted the "Unl-
versldad de Guadalajara" on its 
home field, only to be greeted 
wlth an outstanding display of 
soccer as the "Ingenieros" swept 
to a 9-1 declsion over the loc-
als. The Guadalajara team put 
on a fantastic exhibition of drib-
bHng, passing, and shooting which 
simply lett the Tritons dumb-
founded. The lone Triton goal 
came late In the second half as 
Fred Grunewald scored from five 
yards out on a pass by Milan 
LaUc. 

In the future, the Tritons will 
play games against local Junior 
colleges, and county teams . Sar-
olli expects the next few games, 
which wlll be more evenly match-
ed, to be a preparation for the 
Triton's second game against 
Ensenada to be played on the 
UCSD field, Monday, May 5, at 
5:00, 

There are still spots open on 
the eleven-man team, so anyone 
interested in playing soccer 
should attend one of the prac-
tices and sign up: No expe rience 
is necessary. 

Until now, this was true. Well friends, it is time for a change, und 
UCSD is the place to start. We could put together the "new" Phys. 
Ed. major, just like the Lumumba- Zapata demands call for the uni-
versity to train "new" kinds of black and brown citizens. 

A Phys. Ed. major, with courses required that would open up new 
fields, could be set up here. The new Phys. Ed. majo: could be soc-
ially aware of problems today, and could teach high school P.E. 
classes more than how to do a push-up. On weekends, he could be 
down in the ghetto organizing pickup softball games, and in class, shOW 
kids that people really aren't different because of skin color, re-
gardless of what Mother and Father say. 

Over-the-line softball sign ups 
are now in progress. Comp-
etition will s tart May 3. 

Golf 
The TrUon goUteam beat USD, 

28-26, in last week's close match. 
Low medalist for the match was 
Triton Bill Richardson, carding 
a 74. Triton John Folchi had 
the second best round of 79. 

Netmen Recover 
From Layoff 

A change in the status quo? You're damn right it is - a change 
that is needed almost as badly today as other changes that are fin-
ally startine: to take place. 

Therefore , it is wrong for the athletes to cite Cal Tech as some-
thing unwanted. It is horrible for the questionaire to talk about being 
laughed at. Robert Fulton was laughed at, as were the Wright Bro-
thers. Who would be laughing at smart athletic teams that lose half 
their games -- the "pigs" of the athletic following, who sit in front 
of the TV to watch Notre Dame play UCLA, oblivious of the fact that 
people are dying because they don't have any fuod in their stomach. 

So that's where I am, guys. I'll support you if what you want is 
something new. But if the real question here is Big time athletics 
vs. none at all, I'll have to take the latter. 

Grim Death in the 
Wild Blue Yonder 

A warm April sun and a blue 
San Diego sky witnessed the up 
and downs of the nine kites flown 
over Revelle's soccer field in 
the Alpha Phi Omega Kite Kill-
ing Kontest. One man com-
mented that they don't make kite 
string like they used to, but the 
truth was that some inconspic-
uous razor blades fixt'd on tails, 
strings, edges, and :orners of 
the kites may have c\ t the locks 
of even the Samsons. 

The melee began a l about 1:00 
saturday afternoon ;,s the con-
testants attempted to give their 
creations to the Aeclian force s 
with varying degrees of success. 
Finally, the whole group was in 
the air, but quickly one filer' s 
fight as well as his str ing was 
broken. Darkness came over his 
eye's when the razor pierced his 
s tring, and his kite fluttered in 
uncoordinated mwner to the 
ground. 

Then, to the consternation of 
the strategists , a multifarious 
tangle was meshed over the fie ld. 
At one point a high flying silver 
kite was holding up three other 
kites whicb were tangled In its 

line. 
A heavier, lower kite proved 

to be the Nemesis for at least 
tbree other ill-fated kites. With 
a razor attached to its taU, it 
resembled the deadly, sly string-
ray. That creature was laid low 
by the gallant if only partially 
intended self-sacrifice of ano-
ther kite. 

The Kite Killing Tree was rob-
bed of a victim and found too 
late that kites with razors fight 
back! 

One kite with a broken string 
was successfty ly retrieved, but 
one filer, after exhibiting excel-
lent form and effort In the fifty 
yard dash, was robbed of his 
objective as his kite too bit the 
dust. But, take consolation! Even 
heaven's favorite s must come 
down to the world below. 

Although all run the race or 
fly kites in tbe Kite KUling Kon-
test, only one received the prize. 
Ironically, it see ms that the meek 
of the air also inherit the vic-
tories In kite flying. The vic-
torious kite fluttered majesti-
cally as Lord of the Sky, at 
least till next year' s battles. 

Track 
In the last dual meet of the 

season, the UCSD track team lost 
to Cal Western 95-45. The per-
formances were down a bit from 
the previous week for the team 
in general, although Jim Nier-
engarten and Joe McCarthy turn-
ed their best marks of the sea-
son in the triple jump and 100 
yard dash. A gloomy day for 
the part, a light was provided 
in the three mUe when Arvid 
SammuU made up a 100 yard 
deficit to take the event by about 
200 yards. The BBO was also 
a bright spot as Jim Nash took 
that event in a hotly contested 
race. The next meet for the 
trackmen Is the Mt. SAS In-
vitational of April 25. They 
will be running against some of 
the best in Southern California, 
and it should be an interest-
ing time for all involved. 

Winners and their marks: Pole 
vault--Dower(UCSD), 12'3"; high 
jump--Krich, 5'8"; javelin--
Seaman, 175'; shot put--Bur-
rows, 46'4"; dlscus--Garfolo 
(UCSD), 130'4"; long jump--
Wolf (UCSD), 2'6"; triple Jump-
Hawkins, 40'8'; 440 relay--
Cal Western, 44.7; mile run--
Anderson, 4: 12.9; 120 hurdles--
Smith, 15.4; 440--Farrar, 51.7; 
100--Wheller, 10.1; 880~-Nash 
(UCSD), 2;00.4; 440 hurdles--
Vance,5B.2; 220--Wheller, 22.6; 
3 mile -- Sammuli (UCSD),17:18.3 
mile relay- -Cal Western, 3:27.5. 

Home Events 
4-26 Crew vs. UC Irvine, 10:00 
p.m. 
4-29 Tennis vs. Cat State Ful-
ll!rton, 2; 30 p.m. 
5-1 Baseball vs. Cal Western, 
3:00 p.m. 
5-1 Tennis vs. So. Calif. Col-
lete, 2:30 p.m. 

UC Irvine, one of the national 
small college tennis power-
houses, stifled UCSD, 7-2, in 
last week 's match. The only 
Tciton winners were 4th singles 
(Goedde 1 4-6, 12-10, 6-2, who 
overcame a triple match point 
for hls opponent to win) and 
6th singles (Adams 6-3, 13-11). 
Hoffman, otvos, Terre and Ger· 
\:lrl> aU lost for the Tritons, 
and Irvine swept the doubles 
matches. This is not to say the 
team did not play well. The 
competition was just too strong, 
and the powerful Irvine team 
won as predicted. 

The team bounced back from 
this loss to smother San Diego 
State, 6-1, in an incompleted 
match halted due to darkness. 
Even U they lost the two mat-

ches not finished, UCSD would 
have won the match by a dec-
isive margin. Hoffman, otvos, 
Goeddel, Gerlach and Adams all 
won their singles matches for 
the Tritons, as did the 3rd dou-
bles team. Coach Bill Yeomans 
said of these matches , "These 
two matches we re probably our 
finest two matches of the season. 
We have recovered fully from the 
spring break layoff." 

Yeomans cited Adams, the 
team's newly aquired sixth sin-
gles player, as especially de-
serving of praise. "He has been 
the most successful on the team 
since he challenged onto the 
team this quarter. He wasn't 
even out for the team last quar-
ter." 

'\ 

I . 

Raful Flips Out 
by Larry RaM 

Yes fans , spring has sprung, 
and with spring comes the best 
time of the year for you and the 
Phys. Ed. Department to get to-
gether. 

The intramural program that 
they are planning for this quarter 
is fantastic, and it promises to be 
better than ever. There are all 
klQds of activities that you can 
partll:ipate In, and it is a good 
way to spend a pretty spring 
aftp.rnoon. 

***** " **** 

The dlfferent sport!> that will 
be sponsored this spri.h~ are: 
mens and co-ed slow pitch soft-
ball, mens and womens inner-tube 
water polo, 3 man basketball 
singles and doubles handball and 
tennis, and two big specials - an 
intramural track meet on April 
25, and a big bike race later on 
in the quarter. 

********** 
You can see the unlimited op-

portunities that are open to all 
students, faculty, and admini-
strators at UCSD. The intra-
mural office is encouraging a 
great number of people to sign 
up, and would like to have this 
be a big quarter for intra murals, 

They would like to see many 
more groups and clubs sponsor 
teams, and I personally don't 
see why that can't be possible. 
Everyone should have a team 
I think. Imagine such champlon~ 
ship teams as the Soaring Club 
"High Flyers", the Folk Dancing 
Club "Ground Balls", or the 
Young Democrats Club "Texas 
Leaguers". 

********** 
The list is almost endless. With 

all these teams, the champion-
ship would really mean some-
thing, and the trophy would be 
something that a club could be 
proud of. 

Of course, this idea could pre-
sent some problems. Just think 
what would happen if the champ-
ionship game of the season would 
be between the SDS "Bombers" 
and the YAF "Old Timers". It 
would be utter chaos. Just imag-
ine the two team captains meet-
ing at home plate to agree on 
ground rules with the umpire. 

"Captain Action of the Bomb-
ers. this is Captain Birch of 

Deadlodt 
(CONTINUED FROM PAGE SIX) 

the administration's case, the ' 
quality and importance of the 
film is by no means. assured. 

Th~ defendants, on the other 
hand, seem to be interested in 
securing a forum from which to 
at t a c k military recruitment. 
Although It is not certain how 
far the committee will allow 
political considerations to enter 
the case, the students seem de-
termined to make their views 
known to the )II'Iiversity com-
munity.. _......Arf6ther element of 
the student's defense w!l1 be 
the contention that leaders of 
'the Students for a Democratic 
Society are being persecuted 
by the administration. Many of 
the defendants, If not all, are 
active in SDS and believe that 
the administration is acting to 
supress a political movement. 
They argue that those now on 
trial are merely part of a large 
group which b 10 c ked the en-
trance to the Placement Office. 

in answer to such critiCism, 
Dean Murphy stated that two 
more students have been iden-
tlfied and charged in connec-
tion with the incident. The 
Dean failed to indicate, how-
ever, wbether these students 
would be included in the pre-
sent hearings or dealt with 
sepuately. 

the ' Old Timers. Now Both you 
boys know the rules. Are there 
any questions? Captain Action?" 

"Hey man, I think that foul 
line is a Uttle too far right. I 
want it moved to the lett some." 
, "I'm sorry, Action, but his 

ls a regulation field as specified 
in the rule book. Any other que s-
tions?" 

"I guess not. But if you don't 
make good calls, we will Ilrotest 
this game and demand that the 
racist "pig" policies of the of-
ficials cease. Dig?" 

"I understand, Action. But just 
you remember to keep a civil 
tongue in your head. Birch, you 
got any questions?" 

., First, I want to commend 
you on your fine handling of the 
game. You are doing an excel-
lent job, my good man. But I 
was looking around and I see no 
nag pole. Does this mean, could 
it possibly be, that we are to 
start the game of our National 
Pastime, a game which our fath-
ers and forefathers played, with-
out singing a few verses of our 
great and beautiful National An-
them?" 

"Well, we don't have a flag 
pole. Atter all, this isn't Yan-
kee Stadium." 

Quartet Will 
"ar Mixed 
Program· 

The Saxophone Quartet of the 
U.S. M.A. Band w1l1 perform a 
concert of music for four saxo-
phones on Friday, April 25 at 
8:00 p.m. in the Humanities-
Library Auditorium of Revelle 
College. 

The saxophone quartet is com-
posed of four highly gifted young 
men with varied backgrounds. 
Marshall Taylor studied with the 
eminent saxophonist Marce I Mule 
in Paris for two years under a 
Fulbright grant. Harvey PIttel 
has degrees in music from both 
USC and Northwestern and has 
played in the Far East. 

A student of Joseph Alla rd at 
Julliard, Roger Greenberg has 
had training in both jazz and 
classical music . The fourth 
member of the quartet is Emmett 
Yoshioka, a graduate of USC, 
who has played extensively in 
Europe. 

The program on Friday wUl 
include works by J.A. Bach, Gla-
zounov, Absil, Bozza, Albeniz, 
Gresham, Linn, Kaderavek, Ar-
nold, CroleY;Lnd Yoshioka. 

The concert is free and open 
to the public. 

c ~prll 25 . 1969 
, 

Page 11 

Jean~Louis Barrault and Madeleine Renaud will bring the "Words and 
MUSiC from the Court of Louis XIV" to Sherwood Hall on Tuesday, 
April 29 at 8:30 p.m. Tickets are available at the Arts and Lectures 
Office, Urey Hall. The performance will be In French. 



p .. ~ 12 April 25 . 1969 
, 

: CAMPUS KIOSK 
I 

:: DISCOUNT TICKETS FOR THE 
-
-
-
:: Friday, April 25 , 1969 
= Marine Biology lecture William Hamilton "Reef Fish Discoloration", Sumner Auditorium, Ugly! 
:: 12:00 noon . 
=: SIO Graduate film series, Sumner Auditorium, 7:00 p.m., 25 cents. 
= Alpha Phi Omega movie "Tobruk", USB 2722, 7:30 p.m., 50 cents. 

~current Old Globe production of "The OwL and the Pussycat" are available to anyone interested at 
= the Associated students Office, Men, are you considered a 
= bldg. 250 Matthews Campus. The Beast by your enemies, by your 

=: Arts & Lectures saxophone quartet concert of the U.S.M.A. BAnd, HL Auditorium, 8:00 p.m. 
free and open to the public 

a tickets are $1.50 and are good friends, by your loved onesi are 
= for any Tues., Wed., Thurs" or you shunned for some unknown 

Interhall Council Dance "Strange Brew", Revelle Cafeteria, 8:30 p.m., free. 
Music Department presents "The Ensemble", 409 MC, 8:30 p.m . 

= Sun. performance. or known reason --then Alpha 
= 1_. _ I _ • _ I _ I _ • Phi Omega Is offering you an 
:: DISCOUNT TICKETS FOR opportunity to capatllize on yoer 

Saturday, April 26, 1969 = "The Balcony" now at the "Cas- bea.stliness and win some f?\Ju-
Coffee Hut entertainment "The Sot Weed Factor", 9:00 p.m. 

- s us ar r en er age" lous prizes. Crew with UC Irvine, 10:00 a.m. - i C te C t st in 
Alpha Phi Omega movie "Tobruk", USB 2 722, 7: 30 p. m., 50 cen ts. :: Balboa Park are also available APO is sponsorin~ the Third 

__ Coffee Hut entertainment "Material Stuff" Blues Band 9'00 $ _ ' . p.m. = for 1.50 to anyone interested Annual Beauty & F.-east Contest, 
= Sunday, April 27, 1969 a at the Associated Students ot- May 12 - 16, to raisd money for 
=_ Muir Cinema "Before the Revolution", "End of a Revolution", USB 2722 7 30 _ fice , bldg. 250 Mattllews Cam- student schriarships. Last year, 
_ ' : p.m. = pus. The discount tickets are UCSD students raised $2000 
:: Monday, April 28, 1969 = good for any Tues., Wed., Thurs., worth of scholarships, and this 
= Om Mani Padm Hum, 312 West Matthews Campus, 4:00 p.m. ::or Sunday performance. Jllar we hope to top that. Win-
= Alpha Sigma Phi, HL 1166, 6: 30 p.m. = 1_. -1_. -I -I -. ners will be announced and more 
= Students for a Democratic Society, USB 3070, 7:00 p.m. :: than $1000 worth of Beauty, Beast 
= Associated Students Candidates meeting, III-A Matthews Campus, 8:00 p.m. = Mida;'e 1:.Ie and door prizes w1ll!>epresented 
= Poetry Festival, Diane Wakoski, UCSD Art Gallery, 8:00 p.m. = lUI at the B & BDanc'l, Friday, May 
= =_ SINGLE STUDENTS AND 16, 9-1 in the UCSD gym. 
= Tuesday, April 29, 1969 = A.S. Senate meeting, Coffee Hut, 10:00 a.m. = young adults are invited to take Voting for both Beauty lind 
= Om Mani Padme Hum, 312 West Matthews Campus , 4:00 p.m. = a voyage on the Bahia Belle on Beast wilt take place throughout 
= Guest-In-Residence lecturer David ReiSman "Faculty Values and Student Culture" , : Mission Bay from midnight Fri- the week in the Revelle Plaza 
= HL Auditorium, 7:30 p.m. ' = day, May 9 until 3:00 am Sat- and Friday night at the Danc:~-
= Students for Res pons1ble Ac tion, 310 West Ma tthews Campus, 7:30 p. m. = urday. On board, a rock band by money for the Beasts, $.01 
= Muir Outin~ Club, UH 2104, 8:00 p.m. : and other entertainment will be equals 1 vote, and by ballot Cor 
= Arts & Lectures "Words & Music From the Court of Louis XIV", Sherwood Hall, 8 : 30 p. m. . = featured. the Beauty, 1 A.S. card eqilli S 
= reserved sea t i ng $4/$1 UCSD s tud e nt s = But this is just the culmina- 1 vote. The winning Beauty, be-
:: ::ting highlight olthe annual "Day- sides winning numerous prizes, 

Wednesday , April 30 , 1969 - th B " d b th = Shum Language Club, Int e r-Language Club Lounge , 12 :00 noon. _ on- e- ay sponsore Y e will also reign as Fiesta Queen = Om M i P d 3 = combined Lutheran campus the following weekend. 
___ an a me Hum, 12 West Matthews Camp us , 4:00 p.m. __ - ministries ut UCSDandSanDiego Any organization, whether it 

Soaring Club, USB 3010, 7 : 00 p . m. = Language Club film _ German " Confessions of Felix Krull", USB 2722 , 8 00 = State. be composed of two members or 
= Students International Meditation Society , l'SB 4030A, 8:00 p . m. : p.m. Z It all begins on Friday after- more, may sponsor a Beauty 
:: Coff e Hut movies "Hurricane Express", 9:30 p.m. 5 noon with swimming, sun- and/or Beast; Entrance forms 
_ = tanning, and chatting with new are obtainable at the Student 
= lnursday, April Jl, l~b~ -= Om Mani Padme Hum, 312 West Matthews Campus , 4 : 00 p . m. _ faces from all over San Diego. Activities Otfice, Bldg. 250, MC 
= Arts & Lectures pr sent Stanley Miller "The Origin of Life on Earth", HL Auditorium, 4: 15 p.m 5 A coffeehouse setting with films, (Rita Roque), or from the Revelle 
= RU!lsian Club, Inter-Language Club Loung , 7: 30 p.m. .. folkmusic, and just plain talk Resident Deans Office, Argo Hall, 
= Christian Science Organization presents William H. Alton, "Hav You Found Yours H", 5will follow the picnic supper, and should be filled out and turn-
= Revelle Main Cafeteria, 8:00 p.m. = scheduled for 6:30 pm. ed in to Chu~k Milive, Jr ., 5447 
= Go Club, Ccffee Hut, 8:00 p.m. ;;;; And the best part is the price Dalen, S.D. 921220rto Rita Roque 
=: Soaring Club, HL 1205,8:00 p . m. = of $4 for about a minimum of witha$3entrancefee,thedead-
= Student World Federalists pr sent Dr. York, "The ABM & the Arms Race", USB 2722 ,8:30 p.m. ~ halfaday'sentertainment. line being Wed., May 7. 
=: iiiiI Send your cash, check, or mon- Both the deadline and the en-

Friday, May I, 1969 = = Milr ine Biology lecture Dr. Judd C. Nevenzel "Lipids of Lantern Fish", Sumner Auditorium, - ey order to University Lutheran trance fee will be waived for 
=: 12:00 noon. :: Church, 9595 La Jolla Shores contestants who wUlprovidetheir 
= SIO Graduate Film Series, Sumner Auditorium, 7:00 p .m., 25 cents = Dr., La Jolla, Calif. 92037 for own 11 x 14 black and white 
= Alpha Phi Omega movie "War Wagon", USB 2722, 50 cents. = a reservation. Or call campus picture. Enter soon and be photo-
=: Coffee Hut entertainment, "Greg, Jim & Stevie", 9:00 p.m . :: Pastor John Huber, 453-0561, or graphed at the earliest possible = = Jim Nessheim, 583-3972 for ad- convenience. Information can be 
= = ditional information or other ar- obtained by contacting Chuck 
=: :: rangements. Mllve Jr., 453-4405i Dick Mous, 
= = Remember: Social life is 277-6506, or Ray Tice, where-;;, = where you find it. ever he may be. 
~,IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII111111 • __ It.... • .. I - I - 1,,1 ___. •• 1_ 

.. ~ ... ~ • .. • .. •• •• . .. , Int~~~ut T~ w~~~D~ri;e ~;: ••• CLASSIfIED ADS If • If 
(Inclusive) I MAY DAY , fect for Baja or back country EUROPE trips) for 1967 VW bus. Scout I 

'

in excellent mechanical condi- Includes: 
~ ~ .. ~ .. • • .. .. .. .. .. ... ... .. tion. Will pay cash for value 

80 Days $1362.00 

, 

'

differential. Phone Doug or *Round trip DC-8 Jet, Los Angeles to London, June l8i Amsterdam 
Sharon Davis at 4'i3-4725. to Los Angeles, September 6. 

• • • 

, 7Jtalf I , *53 day escorted Motorcoach tour visiting England, Belgium, Nether-lands, West Germany, Luxenbourg, France, Switzerland, Austria, 
Italy, Spain, (two meals a day). CAMPUS REPRESENTATIVE 

" U t~e ~eA J ~ ~. --e /M ',TO represent local jeweler sell-
""" """~ log diamond wedding and engage-

ment rings in your leisure time. 
*4-week, 60 hour French course in Vichy at the "Institute Culturel 
International de Vichy", France. (or optional for time for your 
own arrangements). 

-Ll High earnings. Prefer high cal-
, rll'~/'~"_A t6 -Ll~~.~ J ~/ , iber, well known young man with ,.,~ )""'J'~", ~e sales ability. For interview call Limited openings. Contact Professor Fernando Mercado, Department 
, 

'

Mr. Warner 232-8627. of Languages, California Western Campus, USIU, or call him at 
UCLA SUMMER QUARTER r-=-:-_____ -.... 224-32~1. Evenings 274-4654. 

I 114- 4Ie "'-~A-'A_~"A 41' ;~A_ I Now 1-0 PaperbaCk com·eE le=a=r=n:;:::::th=e::::l;Ea=nc=e=s:;:::::0:;:::::fB=u3IgaE r=ia=,:;:::::y=u=go=s=l:la:Ei=a=, =Is=r=a=e:::I,=£JM3an- d other 
,

)""'J'I l~-..-...'r,... __ . Vt4~ I , countries Tuesday nights at 7:30 in the Revelle cafeteria. New class 
forming now. For information call 753-8208. 

I See Your ~eg;strar I 
I I 
, SPECIAL FEATURES I 
I I. Lower Registration Fee ($20.00 less) , 
I 2. Smaller Classes 3. More Relaxed Atmosphere , 
, , Eldridge Cleaver's 
, INSTRUCTION PERIOD , ____ ICE 
L __ =-~~~ _____ I A A DE~:~P~~I~h~:C:'~I: 

s,.. ..... • , $eo ..... s .... Au.d.,ff s ...... " 

TUESDAY, April 29, 1969 
8 p .m. 

PETERSON GYM 

... ·u.s s,.~ •• ts 
G ••• "f ".'k 
rid.1i I.''''' If. 

$.15 
$1.50 

" AI't( C .. ,., .••. 2 .... 941 

• 
HI CONTINENTAL WILL 

offer a new service, "Little 
Harry's After Five," beginning 
Wednesday, April 30. This will 
consist in a specially prepared 
dinner in the north dining hall, 
Revelle Commons, the main fea-
tures being service by wiatresses 
and a tablecloth-candlelight at-
mosphere. "Little Harry's After 
Five" wlll operate four nights 
a week, including steak night, 
Italian night, buffet night, and 
gourmet night. Prices will range 
from $2.50 to $3.75 (meal cards 
valid), and dinner will be by 
reservation only • 


