
UCSD Moratorium Rally Features Savio,Marcuse 
by Rich Heiml i ch 

Times Staff Wr iter 
"Anyone who still believes the Vietnam war was 

a mistake is part of the problem and ' not of the solu-
tion. The political-social system in the U.S. has caused 
Vietnam; it was no mistake." Mario Savio, 1964 Ber-
keley Free Speech Movement leader, went on to argue 
that American intervention such as that in Vietnam 
began with our involvement in Russia's 1918 civil war. 
The American system, he noted, "is one of interven-
tion which created a 'cold war.' This moratorium should 
question the whole system." 

Other moratorium day speakers included five members 
of the UCSD faculty. Drs. Frank Halpern, Physics 
Department; Herbert Marcuse, Philosophy Department; 
Pic hard Popkin, Philosophy Department; Paul Salt man, 
Revelle College Provost; and Jerome Skolnick; Socio-
logy Department addressed the moratorium rally Wed-
nesday. 

Dr. Skolnick, who was the first to speak, commented 
upon a resolution recently proposed by Senator Charles 
E. Goodell (R.-N. Y.), which would require the with-
drawal of all American troops from Vietnam by the 
end of 1970. Dr. Skolnick noted that "57% of the A-
merican people support the Goodell bill." 

torium, but rather to Johnson, Nixon and Agnew: My 
theme for this day is the proper identification of the 
murderers." . 

He listed those responsible for the war as the mili-
tary bureaucracy, the military-industrial complex, the 
draft system, big business with its commercial interests, 
and the myth of an immediate Communist threat that 
allows for large military expenditures and promotions. 

Dr. Paul Saltman, Revelle College Provost, reviewed I 
his past as a 1949 graduate student in Paris where 
he was struck by a policeman while demonstrating 
against French-Indonesian policy in Vietnam. 

"The mistakes of the French have not been learned," 
he stressed. "The French were colonial but we are 
much the same, we are imposing our will on another 
people." 

Dr. Saltman declared that the Vietnam war is the 
greatest threat to the Democractic process, noting that 
" treaties have been broken in the name of democracy. 
We are ignoring the democratic concept of man's con-
cern for man." 

Philosophy professor Richard Popkin, felt that the 
free speech area of Revelle is an example of change 
for the better. "It is good to see members of the 
faculty here talking. We need a monumental demon-
stration.' ' 

Professor Popkin noted that Nixon will have a " half-
war." "Nixon doesn't want a humiliating end to the 
war. But it's been humiliating us all these years. 
We must struggle to end war now." 

Referring to the open letter from Hanoi supporting 
the moratorium he remarked, "Vice-President Agnew 
has called on ieaders of the moratorium to repudiate 
the support of 'the totalitarian government which has 
on its hands the blood of 40,000 Americans.' The 
Vice-President would like us to believe that the mora-
torium is to blame for the 'blood of 40,000 Americans.' 
The blame, however, cannot be attributed to the mora-

Professor Frank Halpern of the Physics department 
noted that the moratorium steering committee was put 
together in four or five days and pushed for a city-
(continued on page 12) Mario SaViO, leader of FSM at Berkele y in 1964, speaks at Wednesday rally in the Revelle Plaza. 

Vol. 8, No.3 

triton e 

Ned VanValkenburg announces his intention to turn in his 
Selective Service Card at rally last Tuesday in the plaza. 

Students, Airman Anounee 
Intention to Resist Military 

by Tom Baker --------Feature Editor 
Last Tuesday in Revelle Plaza two UCSD students publiclyan-

nounced that they had turned in their draft cards, while another 
man, a member of the United states Air Force, burned his mili-
tary ID card in token recognition of his " resignation" from the 
military. The rally as sponsored by the Friends of Resistance, 
a campus organization. 

Each of the two students gne a short address in which he des-
cribed how he had come to the conviction that he could no longer 
cooperate with the Selective Service System. Edward Van Valk-
enberg, a sophomore mathematics major, stated that, while he 
had once applied for conscientious objector status, he now felt 
that he could not cooperate with a system whose "function is to 
promote systematic murder" throughout the world. 

Davirl Petraitis, a Revelle sophomore, turned his draft card 
in to the La Jolla Friends Meeting on October 5, stating that " I 
could not partiCipate in the war machine after having realized the 
process of dehumanization which makes men into blind killers 
of their fellowmen." He further stated, "I have ... found that what 
exists in American society as the prime power is fear. It is fear 
and fear alone which would call me to a position against my con-
science. I refuse to let that fear run me. No longer am I silent. 
I am tired of that silence which sounds like compliCity." 

Robert J. Hudson, a member of the United States Air Force, 
burned his military identification card after declaring his resig-
nation from the armed forces. He stated that he had been AWOL 
for some :l7 days. He stated that supporting the American war 
machine, "even in a non-combatant capacity, would make me just 
as guilty of murder as the men who pull the triggers, drop the n _ 
palm and launch the missiles." 

, It was reported that Hudson was arrested immedlatelyupon leaving 
the campus by the San Diego police. lie was subsequ ntly turned 
over to th Shore Patrol. 

friday, October Jl, J969 
Relerdu". Results 

UCLA, UCSD St dents 
Support Angela Da vis 

by Roger Showley 
Contributing Editor 
The results of this week 's re-

ferendum showed that a majority 
of students were against the Viet-
nam war, the Regents, Gov. Rea-
gan, and tuition. 

In a turnout of 1778 students 
(approximately 38%) graduates 
and undergraduates voted nine to 
one that Angela Davis should not 
be fired by the Board of Re-
gents. 

Similar percentages show up 
in the results of questions con-
cerned with the policies of Gov. 
Reagan and the war in Vietnam. 
On this last issue the ration was 
four to one in favor of "imme-
diate and total troop withdrawals' 
from the war zone. 

Results from other UC 
campuses, except for UCLA, were 
unavailable. At least four have 
not held the referendum, although 
both Riverside and Santa Bar-
bara have scheduled their poll 
for today. 

According to the UC LA AS Pre-
sident's office, 32~ of that cam-
pus' 28,000 students turned out. 
They voted on only five of the 
seven issues agreed on by the L'C 
Presidents three weeks ago. 

The results on both campuses 
are shown in the accompanying 
table. 

1. Do you believe that we 
should end the American involve-
ment in the war now by imme-
diate and total troop withdrawals" 

U SO UCLA 

yes 1408 6099 
(79C;) (67.0%) 

no 370 2672 
(2 1 ~) (29.3 '1) 

no opinion 338 
(3.7%) 

3. Are you in general agree-
ment with the pOlicies of the 
Reagan administration? 

yes 

no 

UCSD 

180 
(II%) 
1587 
(89%) 

2. Do you believe Angela 
Davis should be fired? 

UCSD UCLA 

yes 180 1389 (ll ) (15 .2' ,) 
no 1591 7410 

(89 c) (81.3~) 
no opinion 319 

(3.5 C,) 
(continued on page 12) 

STATEWIDE WRAP-UP 
by Paul Emus - Times Staff Writer 

Tens of Thousands of Califor-
nians, mostly students, marked 
Wednesday's moratorium with 
activities ranging from lighting 
a symbolic flame of light at Presi-
dent ixon's alma mater to can-
vassing communities and march-
ing in the streets. 

At Whittier Coli e, where 
Nixon graduated 35 years ago, 
750 of its 2140 stllrlents watch 
Mrs. Harold Case, wif of the 
acting pre ident of the colle • 
touch a taper to the Flame of 
Life that will bllrn as a remlll-
der of those who have eli d anrl 
are dying. 

Hep. Georl' Brown (lJ- l lif) 
told th If<lthering: "The un on-
trollabl bureaucratic monentlll1l 
that has lerl the United tates 
into this Vietnam morass cOlllrl 
learl to \ orld \Var III. " 

"You young people ha. more 
to lose in this war than an\' 
other Americans," n. Alan 
Cranston (0- alif) told a l'S 
crowd e timatod by police at from 
8,000 to 10,000. 

fter the rally, five uses d -
parted to surrounding COlT mllni-

ties for the pupose of canvassing 
and five more buses went to City 
Hall where a resolution ailing 
for a complete withdrawal from 
v ietnam was read. 

Across town at uCLA, 4,000 
par icipants marched to the Fe-
de ral building in support of he 
maratorium after ngela Ua\i 
poke to a convocatIOn in 

th Royce Hall quarl. "The \ iet-
namese people ha \e conrlucterl thE' 
most h rOIl' protracted r-
si tance in the 111 t ry of imper-
iali til," ~1t DJ\ I declar d~ 

\ the mar h(>rs pas ed 1\) tt 
:\ellropsychutri In titut Oil IK~ 
campu:, tit y tart 1 a prOlan 
anti-Hea'"3n chant In th erron-
eOIl I liel that th cvern r wa 
in ide att 'nrlin a ret ('phon. 

Half of U LA' I; s s were 
r 'ported cancelled and mo t stu-
cients \,,'oro '"'!:l": ~rl.'~~u :5'. 

'.loro than 5,000 p rson who 
athcred In l erk ley's Lower 

Sproul Plaza were gre ted with 
tit word. "\\ leorn to th f311 
l1lfensl\e .. , 

Aft r th f'd.lIy, hlch f tur d 



e.Y .on the Media 
by Jo 1 Refearch D1rectot 

he United states ~upreme Court agreed Monday to rule whether 
not. it is constitu tional to restrict conscientious objector draft 
~ mphons only to men whose stand is grounded on religious 
lief. In two cases, one from Boston and the other from Los 
geles, the justices will examine conflicting lower court rulings 

1t could cause a major revision in the draft law. (Los Angeles 
mes) 

........ 

The adoption of a new public school science framework in Cal-
1rnia was postponed hv thp State Board of Education last week 
cause several board members argued that evolution was taught 

fact and not as theory. Dr. John Ford, a san Diego physician 
.1 board member, argued that "it (evolution) should not be ac-
pted (as fact) without alluding to Creationism, which is felt 

be sound by many scientists." Max Rafferty told the board 
T'13.t the pros and cons of both evolution and creation theories 
f the universe should be included in the framework. (Los Angeles 

Times) 

*** 
According to an Associated Press survey, most ROTC programs 

campuses are losing strength due to Nixon's plans to limit 
t e draft. More students apparently are gambling that the Selec-

'e Service will pass them by as draft calls decrease; the ad-
inistratioll restricts call-up vulnerability to 19-year olds and 

'·rhaps switches to a lottery system. Interviews with ROTC 
nfic ials have also indicated ' that withdrawal of academic credit 
f r ROTC courses is another factor causing decreases in enroll-

en!. (San Diego Cnion) 
***' 

Senator Charles Percy is now caIling for" suspension of offenslve 
operations in Vietnam' and high sources indicate that his new 
lJQsihon may very well reflect an intensified effort by the adminis-
rration to pull the conflict to a halt, since he made his latest position 
Known only after close consultations with the White House. (Christian 

~cience Monitor) 
*** 

Military policemen armed with rifles and bayonets used tear 
gas Sunday to drive back 5,000 antiwar protestors who entered 
the Fort Dix Army post in New Jersey. The demonstrators, also 
protesting conditions in the post stockade, dispersed from an 
orderly march and swept across an open field to penetrate 1000 
feet into the base. They were forced back onto a highway when 
the tear gas took effect. (Los Angeles Times) 

*** 

Britain's National Union of Students has asked for more power 
in the decision-making processes of student affairs. Jack straw 
the new president of the moderate, 400,000 member organization, 
recently spoke of "a transference and sharing of power from those 
who hold it at present.· He stressed that education must involve 
a built-in system of representative government so that the tech-
nologist can question a structure's governmental system. His 
position is IXlcked by the l3,000-member Federation of Conser-
vative Students. (Christian Science Monitor) 

**11' 
In the October 4 issue of the New Republic, Zalin B. Grant argues 

that tension between the military and civilian leaders is growing 
to the point where a mass of protest resig:-.ations or some other 
form of revolt on the part of the military is becoming more and 
more likely. He states that all the explosive elements are present: 
·The senior American officer has suffered from personal pressures 
as complex and difficult as the war itself. Bound by the tightest 
civilian control in the histroy of warfare, derided by anti-war 
forces as a killer of women and children, hamstrung countless 
times by orders based solely on political expediency, he is now 
asked to stand by while America retreats from Vietnam wlth, 
as he sees it, North Vietnam certain to march into the vacum.· 

*.* 
The September issue of the Congressional Digest devotes itself 
~o "The Question of U.S. Foreign Military Commitments." The 
lssue lists military interventions in foreign countries from 1798 
to 1945; it is very extensive and revealing, containing more than 
150 entries. The issue also contains portions of the Constitution 
relev~t to foreign policy; a table of our major defense commitments; 
a reVlew of recent Senate action; and arguments from both sides 
regarding the issue of curtailing the executive role in the making 
of foreign military co mmitments. The authors Include Sen. Fulbright 
and the late Sen. Everett Dirksen. 

Judge Ru'e 5 Draft Regulation 'nvalid 
SA FRANCISCO--(CPS)--The 

san Francisco Fede:al court has 
handed down a draft decision that 
could significantly ii turb draft 
procedure while fnemg a num-
ber of present l-A.' rs from in-
duction. 

.Judge Robert I. P,!ckham ruled 
t his wee k t hat universally-
pnforced regulation that prevents 
draft registrants fro m being ac-
companied by legal counsel when 
summoned before a local draft 
board is Invalid and • constitution-
ally suspect." 

Judge Peckham was the magis-
trate who ruled earlier this year 
that members of draft boards 

must be residents of the area. 
(rom which they send men. 

Those who i&av" ~ppcared be-
fore draft boards, usually on sum-
m 0:1 S for being delinquent in 
registration, and who have stood 
mute or requested the assis-
tance of an attorney or counsel 
have normally been held in con-
tempt and classified I-A. Their 
classifications are now invalid 
and most draft boards will pro-
IXlbly simply ignore the m rather 
tI submitting to the legal rif-
atuoU'ol necessary to change the 
person's classification orvalida!e 
the loA status. 

triton t1mes~-fr1day, october 17--Dage 2 

College President Closes Paper 
by Paul Idecker 

FlTCHBU.RG, Mass. (CPS) -- The president 
of Fitchburg State College has shut down the campus 
student newspaper by refusing to sign checks (or 
the paper's printing costs. The action came as a 
mans of censoring an article by Black Panther 
Eldridge Cleave r reprinted from this month's Ram-
parts Magazine. 

John Antonelli, editor of the campus "Cycle" , 
confronted the president, James Hammond, at the 
print shop after the printer questioned whether or 
not he would be paid if the article ran in the news-
paper. Hammond confirmed the printer's suspicions 
by stating he would not sign a check for the print-
ing bill if the Cleaver article appeared in the 
paper. The weekly paper has not printed since Sept. 
22. 

On Tuesday evening the campus Student Govern-
ment Association unanimously approved the adoption 
of the code of ethics on freedom of the United States 
Students Press Association which states, in part, 
" ... The freedom of the student press must not be 
abridged by confiscation of issues or facilities; 
suspension of publication; academic, personal, or 
financial sanctions; arbitrary removal of staff 
members, or threats of these actions." By ignoring 
the desires of the elected representatives of the 
student body, Hammond has demonstrated his dis-
dain for their authority in such matters and his 
lack of concern for student opinion on his campus. 

In a meeting with the president following the 
SGA's ap;>roval of the USSPA code of ethlcs, 
Antonelli was told that if the students didn't have 
enough sense not to want to read this kind of ma-
terial then he would have to make the decision 
for them. It was at this meeting that Hammond 
again refused to sign checks for the newspaper 
as long as the Cleaver article was contained In 
the copy. 

Fitchburg State, a small teacher's college of 
about 2,000 ,tudents is under the Massachusetts 
Board of Education, which has the power to set 
a mandatory student activity fee. The president 
of each campus is charged with the responsibility 
for how the money will be spent. There are no 

student representatives on the Board, which sets 
the student tax. 

At Fitchburg, the college president has inter-
preted this state statute to mean that he should 
sign each check personally in addition to approving 
the student government' s proposed budget. This 
is not the case on many of the other state college 
campuses where more responsibility is placed in 
the hands of the students to determine how their 
l'I1oney will be spent. . 

In related activity, the editors offive Massachusetts 
state college newspapers met in Salem Sunday, 
Oct. 5, to lay the ground work for a union of state 
college student newspaper editors, similar to one 
established last year by student government as-
sociations. 

As a first step toward SOlidarity, the repre-
sentatives of the four papers agreed to run the 
controversial Cleaver article in their next issues. 
They also agreed to split the cost of at least 
of edition of the Fitchburg Cycle in order to 
inform students on that campus of the details 
surrounding the shut-down of their student paper. 

The papers also agreed to send a letter of con-
demantion to the State College Board of Trustees 
regarding the censorship at Fitchburg and to de-
mand that the case be given consideration under 
the "due process' clause of a "broad statement' 
of policy regarding student affairs on the campuses 
of the various state colleges passed recently by 
the Board. 

The policy proclaims its endorsement of "respon-
sible journalism' amond other things, adding that 
such matters be determined after "due process' 
which implies that at least a review of the facts 
in a case is necessary before action can be taken 
against a publication. The editors see Hammond's 
refusal to sign checks for the Cycle as a direct 
violation of the Board's resolution. 

The editors present at the salem conference 
are determmed to maintain their position as an 
independent student voice on the state college cam-
puses. They all recognize that what has happened 
at Fitchburg could easily happen on any of their 
campuses. Hence, they plan to continue pressing 
for clearly defined policies on the role of college 
administrators as ·censors· of the campus news 
media. 

~ get carried away when 
you come around ... 

and we love it! 

Budweiser. 
is the only beer in America 

that~s Beechwood Ag d 
(But you know that.) 

AN HEUSER·BUSCH. INC • • ST. LOUIS . NEWARK. LOS ANCELES • TAMPA. HOUSTON. COLUMBUS. JACKSONVIllE 

Strikes Delay Muir Cafeferia 
by Jim MaGi 11 

Times ~taff Writer 
The opening of the school year creates not only havoc at the 

bookstore and at the cashier's and registrar' s offices, but the 
food services must begin to provide meals for the UCSD popu-
lation. This year the job is again being handled by Hi Continen-
tal through the leadership of John Lapetina. 

Contemporary Issues Tries New format 
This year's plan as outlined by Hi Continental varies in several 

ways from last year's. Previously, the student paid what was 
commonly referred to as inflated prices. The students handed 
over approximately $14.50 and recieved $19.00 worth of food . 
This, however, led to a markup in food prices. The current pro-
gram is based on an equity system of $1.00 of food for $1.00 cash. 
This system has enabled the prices of many foods to drop. In 
addition, the student may now choose from a variety of meal plans 
ranging from $13.50 to $19.50 a week. 

by Lynn Yarborough 
Times Staff Writer 

In addition some lectures will 
be given to supplement the class 
as a whole. Due to the fact that 

The Muir Contemporary Issues the Contemporary Issues delJart-
requirement for freshmen can be ment has only been given $1000 
satisfied in either of two ways. to operate on (an inadequate a-
One way, a one-quarter seminar mount for financingvisition spea-
directed by a member of the UC- kers) most lecturers will be from 
SO facuIty, deals in depth with this campus and speak for free. 
one contemporary issue or a Evidently, the decision to de-em-
small group of related issues. phasize the importance ofthe lec-
The other option, a large, two- tures came at just the right time! 
quarter lecture course, deals These changes were formulated 
more generally with several cur- during the summer and came as 
rent problems in public affairs. a surprise to the discussion lead-

In the past, the two-quarter ers who had signed up last spring. 
program has operated on a lec- Nevertheless, their general re-
ture-discussion IXlsis. students sponse to the new program was 
met every other week for a lec- favorable. Although a few felt that 
ture, by a qualified outside spea- an unstructured discussion group 
ker, on some current event. Then, was preferable, the majority were 
during the two weeks between lec- in favor of Dr. Schwartz' pro-
tures, students nlet twice with gram, Deverse reasons lie behind 
discussion leaders, one hour a this approval. Some discussion 
week, In order to talk over the leaders have taken this class as 
lectures. The discussion leaders, freshmen and been dissapointed. 
all juniors and seniors, were held Others view the added responsi-
responsible for the weekly dis- bility as a challenging new "lear-
cuss ion sections and grading their ning experience." Another type of 
classes. favorable reaction came from se-

This year, changes have been veral students who are seriously 
made in the format. By reading considering the teaching profes-
evaluations handed in by previous sion. For them, this is an excel-
classes, Dr. Lola Schwartz, the lent opportunity for "practical 
new course director, found that first-hand experience." 
although students unanimously As varied as the reasons be-
felt that the lecture course had hind the preference for this new 
tremendous potential and should format are the methods by which 
be retained, they felt equally the discussion leaders plan to ap-
str ongly that most of this poten- proach their classes. They agree 
tial was being wasted. Most off- only that the entire class should 
campus speakers were described participate. No one wants to look-
as "boring" , and many of the ed upon as a lecturer. Typical is 
discussion groups (being entirely the response of Jeanne Schrab 
dependent on stimulus from the (The Third World), "I don't want 
lectures and the personalities of to get in the position where every-
the ir discussion leaders) were body looks at me when nobody's 
described as " uninspiring." talking". The question is, then, 
More structure and planning were " How does one get the class 
requested so that a tangible group \. involved, and what is the T.A.'s 
goal or purpose could be achieved \ role7" 
to guide the discussion groups. steve Bossert (Education and 

In order to accomplish thls a the Role of the University): "Ex-
new plan has evolved in which the pose the students to a philo sophy 
lecture is not the main point of where the student asks the ques-
focus. Instead, each discussion tions. To survive in society you 
group leader will pick his own have to be able to ask the right 
specific topic and his group will question." 
focus intensively on it throughout Craig starr (Theism and Secu-
the quarter. Each group will then larism-The Future of Religion): 
be responsible for the presenta- "First of all discussion is the 
tion of their topic to the entire most importa,;.t thing. A teacher 
class during the second quarter. isn't a lecturer he's someone who 
This will not only give the class can promote interaction." 
the structure that was requested,' Peter Waasdorp(Open Topic): 
it will, according to Dr. Schwartz, "At first I had the idea that I 
"teach the freshmen to research could just go into the class and 
an issue , to think about it and to experiment in freedom; now I 
express it both verbally and in know I'll have to sit down and 
written form." think about what's to happe~ 

students freak out in recent Contemporary Issues class in H LAud. 

in there." 
Chris Sheldon (The Quality of 

Life-Environmental Pollution and 
Population Control): "I want my 
class to be based on concrete ex-
periences." 

Lennie Bourin(Trout Fishingin 
North America): " I believe in ed-
ucation by doing rather than being 
told. I don't know what the end 
of this class will be, but I' m lear-
ning, everybody's learning, and 
I'm learning as much as anybody 
else. Everybody has got to answer 
his own questions." 

Consequently, those with smaller appetities are no longer paying 
for the added cost of the big eaters under the previous program. 
Another additional advantage to this year's plan is the carryover 
of the meal card. The cards are now usable for the entire quarter. 
The residue on the cards at the end of the quarter is also redeem-
able at 50% face value provided the amound is more than $2.00 
and doesn't exceed $10.00. 

Problems in serving the UCSD community are taxing this first 
quarter. Due to numerous strikes during the summer, Muir Cafe-
teria construction has been delayed, with a January opening date 
now in sight. Meanwhile, the students oC both colleges are eating 
together in the Revelle Commons. This predicament has been 
advantageous to those desiring employment in the food services, 
however, as the cafete ria Cinds itse!! rUMing full force through-
out the day. Currently the caCeteria is providing between 200 

~ncl 300 students with' jobs. 

Peter Roste ( The Concept of 
Sexuality): "A lot more work goes 
into it than I thought. The teacher 
or TA must have backup informa-
tion for a whole group. Thorough 
knowledge of handling people is 
also necessary. Freshmen are 
raw and have a hard time fo r mu-
lating thoughts. We must be com-
petent at this." 

Gina Velasquez (The Existen-
tial Revo lution): .. One of the 
things that they are concerned 
with is who they are and what 
they are interested in. It's very 
difficult to help a group of stu-
dents who are new to college de-
cide what area they are interest-
ed in. They look to us to guide 
and help define areas that are 

The food service committee will also begin to organize this 
Call in the hopes of representing the student's views in the food 
service area. Student opinion in this part of the university com-
munity is extremely important. For the system to reach its goal 
of maximum avaliability, variety and flexibility at minimum cost, 
feedback is necessary from the students. The Hi Continental Co., 
through John Lapetian, is willing to work with the students in ac-
tivities ranging from special meals to picnic lunches or outings 
for 100 stUdents. 

(continued on page 12) 

Many students have suggested a column in the Triton Times 
1ealing with the food services on campus. The possibility of 
"Dear John" column allows the students an excellent platform 
from which to speak. Answers could be given directly in an ef-
fort to curb rumors of big business exploiting the impoverished 
students for huge profits. As John Lapetina has said, "The food 
services are for the students primarily." He is open to ideas so 
that he can interpret what the students want. 

Changes Announced in financial Aids 
by Portia LaTouche 
Times Staff t~r1ter 

One of the most misunderstood,Yet most valuable 
services to the students is the financial Aids and 
Scholarships Office, located in Bldg. 250, Matthews 
Campus. Needy students still are unaware of the 
many ways they may receive financial assistance 
for educational expenses. other UCSD students 
doubt the validitv of the criteria by which financial 
awards are determined. 

The new Financial Aids Officer and Associate 
Dean of student Affairs, Lawrence R. Dreyer, will 
make several changes this year in his efforts to 
augment and improve the services of the Financial 
Aids Office. 

The first major change involves a University-
wide financial aids application, which will be avai-
lable to UCSD students the £lrst week of November. 
Any undergraduate or graduate who anticipates fi-
nancial difficulties for the 1970-71 academic year 
should pick up this application and an information 

. sheet in Bldg. Z50 in November. The application 
deadline will prolXlbly be in mid-January, and no 
late applications will be considered, as they were 
this year, so it is advised that needy students 
file their applications as soon as possible. 

A common misconception is that the University 
of California receives unlimited funds from private 
and government agencies, to be allocated to its 
students. Unfortunately, this is not the case, so 
awards are made on a first-come basis among 
those who qualify. 

The major-types of prime-aid available are UC 
Grants-in Aid, Regents', President's and Chancel-
lor 's Scholarships; EducationalOpportunityGrants; 
Federal Work- Study Grants; ana otner scnolarships 
donated by private agencies, corporations, and or-
ganizations. 

If a student desires only a scholarship for aca-
de mic recognition, he may qualify for an honorariu m 
in which case no famlly financial statement is re-
quired. 

The Univer sity of California participates in the 
National Defense Education Act Program, offering 
National Defense Student loans to needy students, 
with 3% per annum interest on th unpaid halance. 
Accrual begins not less than nine months and not 
more than one year after graduation or withdrawal, 
and must be repaid within ten years. 

The Regents' Student Loans are available to stu-
dents who are not citizens of the U.S. The interest 
Is the same as with the alional Defense Student 
Loan, and the repayment period is five years. 

A third type of loan Is the Federally Insured Stu-
dent Loan. The Financial Aids Office r ommends 
this loan in cases where it cannot meet the needs 

of the students. This is a bank loan, based upon 
accomoctation rather than need. The partiCipating 
banks in the San Diego area are: Bank of America, 
Wells Fargo, United California, and Security Paci-
fic Bank. The interest is 7% per annum upon gra-
duation or withdrawal, and the student has up to 
ten years to repay. Since this is a bank loan, the 
bank has certain requirements: the student must be 
a resident of California, and at least a sophomore, 
plus other specifications. 

Student employment is an important source of 
money to help pay for college, and UCSD has two 
very good placement offices plus the Work- Study 
Program. Work-Study awards are mainly for under-
graduates whose families fall into a specified in-
come bracket established by the Federal Govern-
ment. students who wish to be on the Work- study 
Program must file a Financial Aids Application. 
There are both on and off-campus jobs available 
and the Office will make every attempt to place th: 
student in a job that is in his field of interest. 
Work-study is an excellent opportunity to obtain 
and develop many vocational skills. 

There are two placement office s to serve UCSD 
students, but they are not to be confused. The Ca-
r eer Placement Office, located in the east wing 
of Bldg. 250, Matthews Campus, is mainly for sen-
iors and graduates seeking permanent care~r em-
ployment. The second, located in the south end of 
250, is for summer and part-time work on and 
off-campus. udents desiring employment should 
come to the Office, fill out an employment card, 
and check the bulletin board where job listings 
are posted. students may file home typinl', c hild 
care and tutor cards, if they hav~ these skills. 

UCSD departments are requestefl to file job o-
penings with this Office. l:CSD stuflents are given 
preference over outsiders for employment on cam-
pus. 

The Student Corps is a pool of students who are 
available for intermittent employment. The e are 
all on-campus jobs, with no guarantee as to the du-
ration of each job. Students may inquire about and 
sign up for tudent Corps in the u ent Employ-
ment Office. 

Th Financial Aids OffIce highly I et'ommends 
the CaliforOla State Scholarship to al California 
resident students. If a student did rea onably well 
on th Scholastic Aptitude T 0::.1 (tl},,,,\,i ,1!i.ul t:::. 
vary for each grade freshmen applying for the lnO-
71 academic year hould have a minimum of 1092 
points math and verhal scores) and have a finan-
cial ne d, he hould come to the Scholar hip. Of-
fice immedlately to pick upan application. The dead-
line is December 10. Thi IS a 300per y ar awarfl 
to cover f es, ann i~ r newabl every yr. Thi 
is a fairly untapped, yet e cellent soure of aid. 

triton times--fr1day, october 17-~page 3 



* VIE 
* 

.... UN"€!:. No CI~CUMsT4HCEf 
WU 1: BE AFFf'TED 

~6(IT.' 

fgtrito:n tiIlles 
.lltlTttltlALI 
October, 1969 

State of the Union 
The scenar io surrounding Wednesday's morator ium was charac-

teristic of the increasing polarization in this country, at one and 
the same time revealing the vitality and decadence of the American 
democratic system. 

The vitality was evidenced in what was a widespread partici-
pation in a legitimate means of de mocratic expression. Se~ing 
through the shallowness of claims that democracy was limIted 
merely to the ballot box, millions of Americans sought to cast 
their "vote" in a different manner Wednesday. 

In a system that should thrive on mass participation, such action 
should be seen as a healthy sign. 

But many took a far dimmer view of the situation. Governor 
Reagan accused the protestors. of providing the Communists with 
"comfort and aid. " 

Mayor Sam Yorty of Los Angeles proclaimed that participants 
in the demonstrations were "subversives, dupes, and people who 
don't understand." 

Vice President Agnew called upon the protesters to repudiate 
the support of the Hanoi government. . 

"N. Vietnam Chief Hails Moratorium," heralded the San DIego 
Union in a lead headline Wednesday morning. James Copley, 
the power behind the Union, employed the unorthodox device of 
a front-page editorial to urge his readers to "Stand Up Today" 
and support President Nixon. . 

Meanwhile, Nixon was playing his own game, borderlng at 
times on hypocrisy and paranoia. Seeing the gathering momentum 
of the impending moratorium, Nixon implied earlier in the week 
that he supported it. Then he qualifierl his support by adding: 
"If a President--any President- - allowed Ilis course to be set by 
those who demonstrate, he would betray the trust of all the rest. " 

The decadent element in the moratorium scenario is that such 
a legitimate mass-scale protest cannot take place without the red-
ooiting and charges of treason that have occurred. It is also a 
shame that the President should turn his back on the sincere ex-
pression of a considerable portion of the population. 

The success of the morator ium in achieving its goal--immediate 
withdrawal of troops from Vietnam--is doubtful. But its effect 
has obviously been fe It, if only by observing the paranoia of our 
national leaders. If a democ racy is healthy and vital, dissent 
such as occurred this week should not only be tolerate, it should 
be welcomed. The hyposcisy that has been the result of tllis pa-
ranoia speaks none too well for the State of the Union, October, 

I~Wl 

WITOR-l\ -CIlIF.f 
t.,\~ l.alY1au 

MANAGI\G fDlT('R 
Bay SPhPrS 

If'triton thnes 
("!'Y W ITOR 
1l.lY"0nQd Cammon 

ARTS W rrOR 
Rill :\I;OIOgJu 

AI}HRTlSTSG MANnEI' 
flay. 11011200 

N~WS EDITOR 
ell, Arw1e r o;;on 
f fATL'RE WITOR 
Tom Raker 

SPORTS EDlTrJR 
Bob Gorb, 

C<JI<TRmUnNG EDrOlI 
RoC\!. SOOwley 

WRITINC STArr 
Paul Emus 
Jim Magill 
Sue lIaIron 
Bob Sc hwart. 
Rich Hei mlich 
Mind, St-ott 
Raoul Contreras 
Steve Carpenter 

EDr e A nON WRITER 
Tom She",.d 

&"IENCE WRITER 
5leve ~ryker 

R f.SEA RCII DIRECTOR 
foel GorJdlJl1n 

The TRITON nMES ~ ollklally reeo",lud ,1111 sUW'rted 
os • stllde'" n •• ",pape' by the Communications Board of 
the University of Illornll, San r)ieCO. RUlkUnc Z50 Mal ... 
thow. Cunpu • • IA Jolla. C.lllornl> 92037. In lakin( edllorl.1 
po. UlOns, the TRrrON TIMES Is not ,epre nUnc the .I.w. 
or the tI nlverslty. the udert covtrnment. or lhe student 
bOO, ... woole. OIIielal TRITON TIMES editorial opinion 

.. pressed onl, In those columns on tile edltorl,1 pilC\! 
<peclllcltJ, ,,",stpate<l ror I"",", I"',po ... , TIle TRITON 
n ilES I"'btJ ..... ... kl, on F rid.,. throU(h l>eamt>er 2. 
1969. Address all corre""",",£nce to : T arrON TI~n~' 
P.O. 80. 109 IA Jolla 9Z037. Pbone 453- aDOO,)(1,. 7. 

AD SALESMA N 
CIleJa W.~ori.ld 
rtliSS DlcJo;prson 

PHrtrOGHAPIiERS 
Russ Cullel 
Bruce van BrockUn 

SPORTS WRITERS 
r red G...,.w.1d 
I.try J(aJuJ 
Clart Rosen 

TECIINICAL CREW 
Chuck G .. "'m 
Ba","" JII/lew., 
Beth Lrons 
K 1m A I .. and<! r 

ARTS WRrrERS 
/Jana Rufolo 
IArr, Johnson 
Paul Ham!»r, 

ARTISTS 
Jim llyIte 
Sellerr .. "'orI>o1' 
Rob Coheft 
Ted Vel2_ 

triton t1mes--fr1day, october 17--page 4 
I l 14 , ' 

Qui'e Rigl"" -----------
More Reflections on tlte Y Af Split 

------------R."; Ericson (Editor'S note: Mr. Erickson was a member 
of UCSD-YAF and is now a member of the Lib-
ertarian Alliance. He will be writing a regular 
column, "Quile Rightly,· for the Triton Times.) 

The confused CPS news article on the YAF 
National Convention, which appeared two weeks 
ago was only partially clarified by a letter to 
the' editor last week. There is more to be said 
about the matter. 

For years it has appeared as if the ultra-
conservative National Officp of YAF was wishing 
for a catacylysmic event which would precipitate 
Califorr.ia into the ocean. This would solve one 
of its lasting headaches: the almost exclusively 
libertarian nature of Cal-YAF. The National 
YAF has undertaken several purges of Cal-YAF 
leadership which will be discussed shortly, after 
a few things are clarified. 

The CPS article referred to the dissidents 
as "liberals." This is true in the classic sense 
of liberalism, i.e., the philosophy of individualism, 
that a government (if there must be one) should 
be so heavily restricted that it can only act 
as a protector of its citizens and never initiate 
coercive action against them. 

Contemporary "liberalism," while not having a 
specific pllilosophy, in common usage means the 
opposite. It means using the power of the state 
to force some groups of citizens to act for the 
supposed benefit of another group l usually the 
excuse is that the latter are ·unfortunates· or 

"underprivileged. ',. 
Hopefully, now can be seen the mistake in claim-

ing that YAP liberals support "all similar issues 
that a modern McCarthy-type liberal wou Id 
support." For one thing, we oppose the draft. 
Ask what is McCarthy's stand on that? I could 
list any number of restrictive laws and govern· 
ment interferences with individual rights which 
McCarthy s upports, but that information is readily 
available elsewhere. 

Also, a distinction must be made between lib-
ertarians and conser vatives. Conservatives claim 
to support good old American traditions, or at 
least what they believe to be American traditions. 
Unfortunately they emphasize those traditions wllich 
are directly contrary to the philosophy of in· 
dividualism, such as duty to God and Country 
(to be enforced by law, naturally). 

They are also in favor of following "national 
programs" to enhance the "glory of our country· 
and to acllieve the "national destiny· (as a world 
power, perhaps). Oh! We musn't forget to 
"defend our national honor." The conservatives 
also desire to legislate morality through censor-
ship laws, anti· sex and anti-drug laws . The pur-
pose, naturally, is to protect the "moral fiber of 

our nation." Libertarians don't think in terms 
of nations qr peoples, but in terms of individuals, 
and the rights of individuals. 

Now what about Cal-YAF? A few years ago 
Cal- YAF state Chairman was Dennis Turner, an 
anarchist. National YAF purged him because 
he was too radical. In his stead they appointed 
Rod Mannis, but he also proved to be una~cept­
able. Mannis was replaced with c().chatrmen 
Bill steel and Dana Rhoroocher. Steel is an 
objectivist and Rhorbarcher is a libertarian. They 
in turn, were purged for being too radical. Os-
tensibly the reasons given were that they smoked 
grass at board meeting and they "didn' t love the 
American Flag." 

As if it prove its ineptness, the National Office 
then appointed Pat Dowd as State Chairman. Dowd 
is also a libertarian. Tllings were obviously 
getting out of hand, so on August 18, shortly 
before the National Convention, the National Office 
purged Dowd and dissolved the entire state Board 
of Directors. In effect, they closed down Cal- YAF 
' to erase libertarian strength at the National Con-'~ 
vention. Throughout, National YAF couldn't ap-
point a conservative, because of the predominance 
of libertarians in Cal-YAF. 

It happens that UCSD-YAF, now the Libertarian 
Alliance, is among the dissident groups. The 
reason for associating with YAF was to quote 
the ,chapter"s chairman, Toni Sidney, "W\len I 
joined YAF it was as the result of many talks 
with Cal-YAF libertarians, I knew that the na-
tional organization was more traditionally con-
servative, but I didn't realize how much more." 

There were some programs on wllich we were 
able to collaborate. But these were difficulties 
and finally, after the inanities of the National 
Convention, UCSD- YAF disassociated itself from 
YAF. To quote Toni Sidney, "I had made my 
decision to quit YAF after their farce of a Na-
tiona! Convention. I was in total disagreement 
with their resolution to escalate the war in Viet-
nam, with their attempt to equate Christian morals 
and the capitalist economic system, with their 
blind support of any and all laws and with Mr. 
Buckley's ludicrous position that dope is a plague 
and therefore must be governmentally stamped 
out. 

Before I had mailed in my letter of resignation 
I recieved a phone call for National YAF informing 
me that William F. Buckley was gOing to speak 
at UCSD on Oct. 1 under the sponsorship of my 
YAP chapter. My response: "The hell he Is! 
I'm quitting YAF, my chapter has been dis-
solved, and I refuse to have anything to do with 
Buckley and his stratist policies." Needless 
to say, they weren't too happy. 

March Supports Soviet Jews ," 
by Stere Stry.er 

A march took place last Sunday protesting the 
oppressive policies of the Soviet government against 
the Jews. The march was a first step, a step 
coming a bit late, but, nonetheless, indicating 
that at last some people realize what is going 
on in the U.S.S.R. 

After a t raditional and somewhat unrelated ser-
vice at the Orthodox "shul" in Los Angeles, 
the group marched to Fairfax High School. There 
Councilman Tom Bradley; Ed Edelman; and Sen-
ator Alan Cranston, all front-line marchers , de-
livered somewhat trite speeches using cliches such 
as "Repression is evil and must be stopped; " 
"We must let all people of all skins be free; " 
and "Freedom is our goal, and we must achieve 
it now." All of these statements portray beauti. 
ful ideals, but how are they to be achieved? 

What courses of action are to be taken? The 
Soviet constitution states that all people of every 
nationality are to have equal rights and each nation-
ality is to be allowed to speak its own language. 
In the 1920's there were over 1300 books pub-
lished in Yiddish (a traditional , Jewish, Eastern-
European tongue); eighty Yiddish newspapers were 
also published. As of today no books have been 
published in Yiddish for ten years and there 
is only one Yiddish newspaper s till publishing 
in Russia. Furthermore, the Soviet government 
has made it next to impossible for Jews to emi-
grate to Is rael, the doors of emancipation are 
s hut tight. As welJ, the po tic y of the National 
Constitution for Churches states that if a group 
wants money for a house of wors llip all that 
need be done is to ask the state and the money 
shall be granted. Baptists have bu ildings and a 
national council of churches; the Jews have neither 
the buildings (94 synagogues as compared with 
453 two decades ago); nor the communication 
between synagogues; nor the religiOUS schools; 
nor the ability to practice their religion or their 
culture as they see fit. Worse, there are three 
million Jews behind the "curtain" of prejudice 

in Russia! Why, then, have we not awakwnwd to 
the graveness of this situation before now? And 
now that we are at least partially aware of the 
s ituation, what shall we do about it? 

Zev Yaroslavsky, a UCLA student who was in 
Russta for Simhat Torah (the "joyous" day when 
the first and last chapters of the Torah are read), 
poignantly reported the increasing oppression of 
the totalitarian state against the Jews. The inci-
dent in question occurred on Simhat Torah night. 
A group of about 500 people gathered to celebrate 
the holiday with dancing and song. (It Is theonly 
Jewish holiday which the Russian government allows 
the Jews to celebrate openiY). However, the police 
had cordoned off the area in which the synagogue 
was located in such a way as to force traffic 
to pass right by the synagogue. This, in turn, 
caused those congregating near the synagogue to 
move on. They did, Zev related the result: the 
happy group was turned into a panicked mob by 
the senseless attacks of the police. It was only 
after the police realized that there were forei-
gners 'watching this incident (Zev and friends ,. 
shouted obsenities at the police when they tried 
to beat a nearby boy) that the "marranos' ,,(swine) 
dispersed. 

Sunday's march ended on a happy note with 
Hassidlc dancing and singing, but the question 
remains, Are we going to allow the Russian Jews 
to remain"in silence" while we ourselves stay 
inactive as well? Or are we prepared (as more 
and more Soviet Jews are becoming) to take 
a stand and ensure that these oppressed human 
beings may be free from religious persecution? 

Concerned students should come to the Havdalah 
se rvice, Saturday at sundown in the student lounges 
at the University Lutheran Church. 

LETTERS AND COLUMNS should be 
submitted to the Triton Times office 
by Tuesday 4 p.m., and should be ty-
ped, double-space<l, with 10-70 mar-
ins. 

Rerelle (ollege-----------
Some Adv;ce to Potent;al Candidates 

---------. __ by (ar' Ne;burger 
Next week, Revelle students 

will be asked to elect repre-
sentatives to the Executive Com-
mittee and Committee on College 
Affairs (CCA). Many will find 
this difficult because they know 
little about the committees in-
volved or the candidates. The 
latter misfortune is due to the 
timing of the election at the be-
ginning of the school year rather 
than near the end, as will be 
true in future Rebelle elections, 
as well as the fact that this is 
the first election to occur under 
the new Revelle College bylaws, 
passed by students and faculty 
at the end of last year. The 
lack of election machinery, com-
bined with a menacing timesche-
dule, have forced what might be 
termed a "bare-bones' election. 

I cannot help the candidates 
expose their platforms here, but 
I hope that they succeed and those 
elected will be chosen for their 
ideas rather than how many 
friends the y have. In tllis 
column, 1 intend to clarify some 
facts about the bylaws, present 
my ideas about what the com-
mittees shou ld do, and indicate 
the qualities I feel students elec-
ted should have. 

I was a member of the Revelle 
College government which pre· 
ceeded the CCA and was in turn 
preceeded by the Committee on 
Student Affairs (COSA). COSA 
was created in response to 
students expressing a need to 
have a voice in college policies. 
It was elected, without specific 
instructions regarding its pur-
pose Spring 1967 and served 
quietly for one year, allocating 
vending machine money alloted 
to Revelle and considering re- I 
sldence hall visitation policies. 

At the end of its tenure, it issued 
a report calling for a new com-
mittee to draw up a constitution 
for a "Revelle College Govern-
ment" to replace it. 

RCG continued making minor 
decisions while searching for the 
right idea for a constitution. It 
wrote othe r pieces of legislation 
intended to implement policies 
under the future constitution, no-
tably regarding the Judicial Com-
mittee and use of amplification 
equipment of the plaza. In the 
spring quarter, while RCG was 
still searching for a satisfactory 
idea for a constitution, the Black 
students CoucH an d Mexican 
American Youth Associationpub-
lished their plan for the Third 
College, which included student 
membership 0 nth e Executive 
Committee. A member of RCG 
took up the idea of rewriting 
the faculty's Revelle College by-
laws, putting students on the Ex-
ecutive Committee, and including 
a second committee to deal with 
matters outside the scope of the 
Executive Com mittee. By the 
end of the year, the revised 
bylaws were approved by the 
faculty and students of Revelle. 

The Executive Committee is 
in some ways a legislative myth. 
It is an official committee of the 
Academic Senate and as such can-
not have boring student repre-
sentation. The bylaws , in effect. 
created another committee with 
the same name and a membersllip 
including two students as well as 
the two faculty members and 
the Provost. A tacit agreement 
exists that the three Senate com· 
mittee members acknowledge the 
students' VOice, and that decisions 
be made by consensus orall mem-
bers. If the students are ignored, 

Can You Read This Ad 
In 10 Seconds? 

they can report this to the other 
students, and the faculty and ad-
ministration will have to face 
up to a hostile s tudent boIiy. 

The Executive Committee is 
primarily concerned with the 
academic program. Students ser-
ving on this committee s hould, 
in my opinion, be concerned with 
seeing that student ideas are 
translated into improvements in 
curriculum. The humanities se-
quence is an outstanding example. 
Last year, t he Executive Com-
mittee re jected the idea of in-
cluding non-Western culture in 
the sequence on the grounds that 
cour ses covering that area are 
in "experimental stages." Con-
s idering that the Muir humanities 
requirement may be taken in 
non-Western culture, the ir ex-
cuse seems hardly acceptable. 
A student elected to this com-
mittee will face two faculty mem-
bers and a provost with only a 
single student companion. 

CCA will follow in the foot-
steps of two other committees 
in looking after the "educational 
environment." However, it should 
be more concerned with imple-
menting the framework the other 
committees have created. The 
committee should concentrate on 
fostering communication between 
students and fac uHy outside the 
classroom through extra curric-
ular activities. It s hould not 
attempt to ·compete " with AS 
or Muir through these activities. 
The activities should be aimed 
at increasing the opportunities 
for members of the UCSD com-
munity to participate in exper-
iences outside the c lassroom. 
Among others, CCA should con· 
sider programs directed at those 
(continued on a e 8) 

SPECIAl! 
Limited Offer! 

John F. Kennedy could have. Some 
LEXICON students can. And it's not 
impossi ble for you. How? By spend-
ing a few pleasant hours with LEXI-
CON's marvelous tutoring machines. 
If you're an average reader, you can 
become very good; if you're good, 
you can become remarkable; and you 
learn in compl Ie privacy at your 
own pace. 
You al 0 under tand more of what 
you rea d, because LEXICON quickly 
expand your word power. No mir-
acle in that ei ther. A simple t st finds 
your pre ent vocabulary level , and 
olle of the tutoring machines begins 
teaching you from that point on. 

Whal do your eye mo-
lions show about your 

r ading habil ~ Take the 
Reading Eye Camera 
test and see! 

If you 'd like tore ad fa t r, understand 
more, and say things better, try LEXI -
CON-a new way to enri h your life! 

DOWNTOWN CENTER 
f,fth '\\(' f,nanc,al Center 
fIfth and Laurel 
an DI('l:o . CalIfornIa 92101 

Phon(" ,11-7 212 
LA lOLlA CENTER 
2163 Av('n,d" de' la Playa 
La lolla . Ca llfo,n'a 920)' 
Phon(" 4 ;4-2221 
STATE COLLEGE CENTER 
5169 Coil ge Avenue 
San DI('go . allfo,n,,, <)211 
Phone : 2117-0222 

NORTH COUNTY CENTER 
11 0 CamIno Del Mar 
Del Mar. Callforn,a 92014 
Phone : 755-3064 

t I .' I ' I 

Taped record o(our E')E' 
motIons , Slop, (lnd start-
(plus IntcrprClallon) jmt 
$7.50. ( M,l~ be ,lppl,ed to 
Ie \ons .1 

, 

~S 
MI SS ION VAllEY . G ROSSMONT 

® __ 'r'_'_r.~_' .. ' .... 
KEIR E T ,f ! , J ... J . .I, j t~ j~ 

DCtLEA· BERGER· P. L. ER 

A~\ \ 'It' 'H ' .'0\1 \ ZIE" ,~~ \ .10 H m~. TO 
.. ~Io# I'~'" 

'RT'UR 'BRAI/ [R 101 liS M HFYWARD RICHARD 11.1 Hf 50 
, ;'; NICHOL ON. 1 5AMlJH 1 AR OFr .ry E' nr If LD • 

IL'Ly'STRANGF . '" AMERICAN INTERNATIONAl pwrURf .1 
t r iton t 1mes--friday. october 17--o!ge 5 



Change Unlikely in Registration Procedures 
by Barbara J!neway 
Times Staff Writer 

The policy of the CSD Reg-
istrar and Admissions office Is 
to make everything as conven-
ient as possible for the student. 
According to Mr. Ronald J. Bow-
ker, Associate Registrar and Ad-
missions Officer, the process of 
" bull-pen" registration, carried 
on at San Diego State and other 
colleges, will never be employed 
here. That method is actually 
the easiest way for a registrar 's 
ofrice to get students enrolled 
in classes; the office is closed, 
tables are set up in a large area, 
and registrars sit at them while 
students stand in long lines wait-
ing to be enrolled or run fran-
tically fro m table to table as 
classes are closed out. The pro-
cess nearly becomes a riot. 

vacation and could not mall back 
any of the material until they re-
turned. Still, mail-inregistratlon 
has been much more successful 
here than the "bull-pen" method 
would have been. 

method of registration, probably 
on an "in-person" basis. Each 
student would co me into the office 
and sign up for his classes by 
talking directly with a registrar. 
The whole procedure would take 
place in three to four weeks, 
with priority given to upperclass-
men and freshmancoming in last. 

Classification by Majors 

Mr. Bowker wanted a less con-
fusing procedure, so it was de-
cided to have mail-in registra-
tion with the idea of letting 
students sit down at home a'nd 
fill out the material. One problem 
encountered was locating students 
during the summer. The office 
used students' permanent home 
addresses, but often they were on 

To complete registration, there 
are seven cards for the student 
to fill out. The facts on these 
cards are fed into the student 
Information System, a computer-
ized operation that serves all the 
campuses of the University of 
California. The system contains 
a massive amount of information 
about UC students. Just as a per-
son may fee I he is losing his 
identity in a complex organiza-
tion, Bowker says that while UCSD 
is tied to the state information sy-
stem, "We are having a problem 
keeping a campus identity." He 
thinks UCSD would be bett"!r off 
"if we can forget about them and 
go our own way." This may be 
feasible in coming years. 

The system of mailing out re-
gistration material will probably 
be workable until the University 
enrollment reaches 9000 stu-
dents. At this point, the amount 
of paperwork will be too great 
to process efficiently. Then the 
office will have to devise a new 

Bowker says a registration 
process handled entirely bycom-
puters is a long way off. There 
must be some contact between 
student and registrar, at least 
so that the student can say which 
classes he does and does not 
want, and so that the registrar 
can tell him which classes are 
available. 

The following figures on enroll-
ment for the fall quarter are 
subject to change, but are fairly 
accurate. 

UCSD Enrollment 

Revelle Muir 
Men 1642 658 
Women 593 669 
Total 2235 1327 

Graduates 
960 
210 

1223 

\0-

Ames 
Anthropology 
APIS 
Biology 
Chemistry 
Economics 
History 
Linguistic s 
Literature 
Math 
Music 
Philosophy 
Pychoiogy 
Physics 
Sociology 
Visual Arts 
Undecided 
Limited Load 

English Llt. 
German Lit. 
Spanish Lit. 
Neuroscience 
Scripps 

, 

Mo N. ~ Tt4uR!l. ~ Bunker 
Hill Road SAT. Cf ~ fo FRI.'I-ct 

triton tfmes--fr1day, october '7--pa~e 6 

Revelle 
110 

18 
49 

611 
169 
67 
89 
17 
51 

230 
2 

84 
16 

163 
32 
16 

406 
20 

Muir 
12 
25 
25 

261 
14 
11 

134 
28 

136 
80 
15 
28 
60 
15 
63 
38 

364 
8 

Graduates 
106 

7 
70 
92 
92 
41 
27 
42 
56 
81 
21 
47 
35 

151 
8 
3 

38 
1 
5 
5 

168 

Grad Exams 
Scheduled 

For prlorlty in graduate and 
professional admissions this 
spring, exams should be taken in 
the fall. Tests will be admin-
istered at the san Diego State 
College Testing Center. 

The Graduate Record Exam 
wUl be given on December 13, 
January 17, and February 28. 
students must register two weeks 
in advance and pay the $10 fee. 
Admission tests for law school 
will be given on November 8, 
February 14, and April 11. 
Registration takes place three 
weeks prior to each test; the fee 
is $13.50. 

The Miller Analogy Test will 
be given the third Tuesday of 
every month. The $2 test fee 
may be given the third Tuesday 
may be paid several days ahead 
of time. 

Deadlines are also approaching 
for Danforth Graduate Fellow-
ships, Marshall Scholarships, 
Rhodes Scholarships, and Wood-
row Wilson National Fellowships. 

Information about scholarships 
and additional graduate entrance 
exams is available at the Career 
Education Planning Center build-
ing 250, Matthews Campus, and 
in the Revelle Provost's Office. 

ALI BABA 

FREAKS OUT AT 

SYNTHETIC 
TRIPS 

ELECTRO· 
PSYCHEDELIC ART 

BLACK LIGHT SUPPLIES 
POSTERS 

SILK SCREEN SERVICE 

4734 University A.-. 
San Diego. Ca. 92105 

282·1445 

, , 

Harold Urey: 
A Man 
and His Moon 

by Steve Stryker 
Times Science Writer 

In view of the achievement of landing men on the moon and the wake of earthly 
problems left behind unsolved, it is appropriate to discuss some of the lunar 
findings, and what can be done to cu re the earthbound ills. One of the most know-
ledgeable people about the lunar world is Dr. Harold Urey. Dr. Urey is a Professor 
of Chemistry at Large at U.C., whose biggest achievement was the discovery of 
deuterium (heavy hydrogen) in 1934. 

He has also done research on isotopes, using the ratio between isotopes of. 
oxygen 16 and oxygen 18 in fossil remains of ancient shellfish to establish the 
temperatures of the waters in which these animals grew. In recent years he has 
done a comprehensive study of the solar system. He is a consultant to NASA's 
Lunar and Planetary Missions Board for 1969-70. 

On a crisp Tuesday morning three other Triton Times staffers and myself 
paid Dr. Urey a visit to discuss these topics. Dr. Urey was cordial and cheer-
ful as he strode into his small office, which was well-stocked with books, papers, 
and periodicals of the science he enjoys so well. 

I began the questioning by asking Dr. Urey whether the data gathered from the 
lunar soil samples supports his theory about the moon. In brief, Dr. Urey's 
theory is that the moon is a cold, lifeless and ancient body which was torn from the 
earth(note-: the following quotes are excerpts from Dr. Urey's conversation 
with us). Dr. Urey replied, " ... this data supports my moon theory partIy; namely, 
that the surface of the moon is very ancient. It Is proven by their (NASA's) data 
to be at least three billion years old, and the method of dating using a potassium-
argon compound is likely to be low. I suspect the correct date is four and a half 
billion years old. I have argued this date for twenty years. You can't bombard 
the surface of the moon without at the same time bombarding the earth, and 
since there are rocks on the earth that are at least three or three and a half 
billion years old, the intense collisional process on the moon must have occurred 
before that time. 

"Tbese findings are substantiated by some recent publications of Dr. Preston 
Cloud of CU.C.) Santa Barbara, namely that there are "tidal rocks" on the earth 
that have been placed under conditions of tides which shows that the moon was 
"attached" to the earth at least three billion years ago. Dr. Cloud believes the 
moon to be somewhere near three billion years old because of his data, but I 
doubt this very much." 

.. ... The way in which it (the lunar data) doesn't agree with my theories ... is 
whether or not the moon was captured by the earth or whether it escaped from 
the earth. I do not believe there is any evidence from this material in so far 
as that bears on the Question. The idea that the moon was captured by the earth 
appeals to my fancy because then the moon is an independent object; a far more 
important object in the history of the solar system than if it escaped from the 
earth. I think anyone can see that. But. of course, old Mother Nature may disagree 
with my fanciful ideas. Old Mother Nature is the one who is perfect and not what 
I think about It, you see. And as I said there is no evidence found now which answers 
the Question of the moon's origin." 

A bit later we discussed the possibilities of setting up a base on the moon. Dr. 
Urey qualUied our somewhat presumptous question by saying that if we could 
obtain sufficient oxygen and hydrogen supplies from the moon, as well as make 
food grow in the "dead," black moon soil, it is conceivable. but not to be realized 
for another generation at least. 

More plausible to Dr. Urey was the idea of setting up an astronomical observatory 
on the moon. SUch an undertaking would , if completed, give astronomers a greatly 
enhanced medium in which to view the solar system without the aberrations caused 
by the earth's atmosphere, or radio noise distorting their perspective. In order 
to do this, man would control the observatory from a moving body; namely, a space 
station. 

Before the above project even begins there will be nine more Apollo flights. 
From these flights many more moon samples will be collected. Dr. Urey would 
like these samples displayed in museums throughout the globe for all to view. 
If the upcoming flights are successful, this will be done. However, he added, 
"Various people have discussed the looks of the lunar rock that was shown in 
Washington. "T.R.B." discussed this in The New Republic and wasn 't terribly 
enthusiastic about It. I couldn't help but think how much more scientists see 
in a rock than the ordinary public does. 

We know how old it is, when Ii was last melted, what its chemical compos-
ition is, where it may have come from, etc. Note, however, that all of these 
things are immensely Interesting, and I'm sorry for peonle who aren't scientists 
and have no way of understanding how really fascinating the lunar rocks are." 

There is, however, one scientist who understands the space program well, but 
who Is . nonetheless, a critic of It. Dr. Eugene Shoemaker, chairman of Cal 
Tecb's division of geological sciences and a principal investigator for Apollo, 
firmly believes that the scientific achievements of the Apollo program could have 
been made with unmanned spacecraft three of four years ago at one-fifth the 
cost. In a special article in the Oct. 9 edition of the L.A. Times , Dr. Shoemaker 
retorted, "But Apollo is a poor system for exploring the moon. It was developed 
simply to land men and bring them back. There was no real thought given to how 
it would be used on the moon.' He acknowledged the flight of Apollo 11 as one 
to prove the reliability of the spacecraft system, but added that future Apollo 
flights will provide few SCientific returns. Further, he noted that of the two 
choices . regarding future space exploration--to land men on Mars or reduce 
manned flight to a secondary status--the latter is definitely more feasible be-
cause the former goal would ·only result In a bigger transportation system, 
an ineffectual Apollo all over again. ' ~ 

Dr. Urey's perspective of the scleniific and economic worthiness of the manned 
space program is somewhat different. He feels that the 21 billion dollars already 
spent in this lunar undertaking should not be cut aU before the" job is completed. 
for this would be an extremely wasteful use of resources.· He is Interested 
in seeing what Information about the moon the upcoming nine Apollo flights will 
uncover, but he doesn't feel further exploration is really needed. As he put it, 
"geologists give you the impression that thay'd like to explore the moon in th 

same detail as the earth. Well, we live on the earth--that makes a great deal 
of difference as to in how much detail we wish to investigate it. I wish to in-
vestigate the moon sufficiently to understand its origin and what its past history 
may have been. And I do not see that it has value beyond that.· 

Dr. Urey went on to say that the expenses incurred in enacting the manned 
flights are minor. He said, ·we spend about twice as much per year lor alcohol. 
The entire cost of the program is about one-half of one per cent of the gross 
national product. The gross national product is about a trillion dollars. We 
have approximately 200 million people in the U.S. That averages to about $5000 
per person. The wealth of the U.S. is enormous--it is primarily a matter of 
distribution. 

It is true we have some things that do not help us--lor example, the military 
establishment and the space program. other things we do, we do because we 
think we need to do them. We have to have a police force--we have to have it, 
that's all. And so there are things that we are spending our wealth for that do 
not contribute to our physical well-being. But after we pay for all these things, 
the average is compleltely adequate. For example. they talk about poor people 
not having enough food; well, we are paying people not to grow food! Why not 
stop paying people not to grow food, and transfer the food to the hungry people? 

... "The idea that saving expenditures on the space program will help solve 
poverty is a negligible solution to an enormously comples problem. The facts 
of the case are that what is needed is to transfer about $100 million a year from 
the more affluent sector of society to the less affluent sectors. We need to 'level 
down' the incomes of the rich. 

"The basic problem is not adequate materials, but equitable distribution. in 
order to modify the distribution fairly it would be extremely useful for people 
to be better educated--to have a marketable skill, so that they can earn in some 
way. As well it might be feasible to adjust taxes so that we don't penalize people 
with big incomes. but try to redistribute incomes a little bit .. ," 

However, people essentially don't care about poor relief, says Dr. lirey. The 
poverty areas of the U.S. are unreal places to most Americans. We can, he feels, 
take care of the poor in spite of the war in Vietnam, in spite of the space program, 
in spite of the military establishment; but, as Dr. Urey firmly reiterates, 'only 
if people begin to care.' 

Nearing the end of the interVIew, Dr. Urey explained that the public's apathy 
is also prevalent regarding their interest in science and the scientist. This is 
partially true because the public is very badly informed atout the endeavors 
of scientists today. Besides this, the public doesn't care enough to keep abreast 
of scientific events. As Dr. Urey put it, . ... the mooern scientist is the replica 
of the old priest of primitive times. We are trying to understand how the unh'erse 
exists and why the sun goes around the earth ... We are trying to modify natural 
things so they will be a benefit to people. We do not use prayers, exactly, but 
we do operate in other ways to accomplish this purpose." 

Another uaSlC misconception which the public has is tfie idea of scientific re-
search. Dr. Urey explicates this subject succinctly when he states that a dis-
covery which, at the time, might seem to be some sort of "play-object,· may, 
in a short time, become very useful industrially (such as his discovery of heavy 
hydrogen, or F. raday's investigation of electricity). The basic point he made 
in the above argument is "before you investigate, you do not know what is useful.' 
Dr. Urey summarized by saying that the public should be more interested in in-
tellectual pursuits--that to him the fascinatior, of knowing the earth goes around 
the sun is exciting, and although maybe not practically usefu I, this Information 
is knowledge valid for its own sake. 

triton t1mes--friday, october 17--page 7 



Beizer dits Draft Pamphlet Southeast Asia----Where Are We Going? 
by St eve Carpenter 
Times Staff W~iter 

"UCSD's new booklet, The UC 
student and the Draft, is not a 
major treatment at all, it 's 
merely a digest of much length-
ier treatments," stated Lance 
Beizer, presently Selective Ser-
vice affairs for all nine UC camp-
uses. 

Undertaken orginally by Les 
Akinson, of the United Campus 
Ministry; followed up by Dean 
George Murphy; John Erickson, 
for mer UCSD draft counselor; and 
finally edited by Lance Beizer, 
the booklet covers such topics 
as responsibilities of the student 
in relation to the SSS (Select-
ive Service System); classifica-

tion and appeal procedures; 1he 
pre-induction physical; defer-
ments; deliquents; and sugg-
estions in dealing with your' 'fr-
iendly local board." It has been 
distributed from a table located 
in Revelle Plaza since last Fri-
day, and will continue tobeavaiJ-
able there only through today. 

When asked when the booklet 
was first planned, Mr. Beizer 
declared, "I really can't say when 
the book was conceived or even 
really who did conceive it, but 
perhaps the best way of begilUl-
ing is to point to a book up here 
called 'The Draft and You.' " 
Mr. Rothenberg of UCLA was 
Mr. Beizer 's predecessor at the 
university-wide coordinating 
post. 

UCSD PRESfNTS ... 

II dancers in contemporary works best 
described as full of fun and bounce, 
witty, exciting and very refreshing. 

TWO PERFORMANCES 

Tuesday and Wednesday October 28 & 29 

Sherwood Hall 
$ 2.00; F AC Faculty/staff $ 3.00 

Ticket information at the Central Box Office, Urey Hall Lobby 
Hours: 10:00 - 4:00 Phone: 453-6151 

He added, "Les Rothenberg's 
book 'The Draft and You' was 
not published until December of 
1968, so the only basically helP-
ful texts, as a matter of fact, 
which dealt with the draft law 
were the booklet by Les, 'You 
and the Draft' and this book 
'The Draft Law' by Jack Gri-
ffiths from Yale, a book of about 
70 pages. 

"Well Les's booklet was a bit 
shorter," continued Beizer, "It's 
34 pages long, and the hope was 
that a pamphlet of a shorter 
nature could be produced combin-
ing the best of a long treat-
ment; having reasonable comp-
lexity; dealing with the Selective 
Service regulations in enough 
detail to really satisfy some of 
the needs of the students; and also 

. featuring so me of the best of the 
short pamphlets that have been 
produced on many of the camp-
uses, many of which were as I short as two to four pages, that 
is to say, short enough to be 
read. " 

Mr. Beizer continued to say that 
there are hopes that the booklet 
will be distributed on university-
wide scale, and that students 
should not be stalsfied in using 
one such booklet as a cookbook 
or panacea, but rather should use 
a wide variety of sources. The 
Office of Student Affairs is also 
expected to release other infor-
mational pamphlets of this type 
in the near future. 

••••••••••• TRITON TIMES NEEDS 
Ad Salesman to work on 
15% commission. Apply 
at office to Dave Helland. 

.......... , 
Claymore: TT is open 

1~ ••• ~~~~~~~~~~ •••• ~~~~~~L __ ~to all members of the UCSD community; yes 
----

'70 Nova 

Less filling 

More filling 

by Ba rbara Janeway 
Times St aff wri ter 

Beginning tonight and continuing 
through Friday, October 24, a 
series of lectures on American 
activities in Southeast Asia will 
be presented. The lectures are 
free, and each will be held in 
the gymnasium at 8:30 p.m. 

The six-part series is sponsored 
by the campus-wide Coordinating 
Committee for Special Program-
ming, through the Arts and 
Lectures Department of UCSD. 

Questions and comments by the 
audience will be welcomed. UCSD 
students will be introducing each 
speaker. The lecturers, their 
subjects, and the night they will 
speak are: 

Philip Orath, "The Peace Move-
ment, Past and Present," tonight; 
Tran Van Dinh, ·Vietnamization 
of the Vietnam War and President 
Nixon's 'N e w' Asian Policy," 
Monday, Oct. 20; General Victor 
H. Krulak, -R e d China and 
America's Future," Tuesday, 
Oct. 21; William R. Corson, -The 
Other War in Vietnam,' Wednes-
day, Oct. 22; and James D. Bell, 
·Our Other Commitments to the 
Nations 0 f Southeast Asia," 
Thursday, Oct. 23. 

The last part of the series, 
presented on Friday, Oct. 24, 
will be a panel, whose partici-
pants will discuss the dove and 
ha wk attitudes on American 
policy. The panelists are: Dr. 
Frank Halpern, Associate Pro-
fessor of Physics; Dr. Minos 
Generales, Professor of Political 
Science at San Diego State; and 
the moderator, 0 r. Gabriel 
Jackson, Professor of History • 
If possible, there will be a man 
from Washington D.C., to re-
present the Nixon Administration. 

The following paragraphs con-

This not-too-small car i big enough for you and ova comes one of two ways: Coupe or Sedan. 
your friend, And your lugg<lgc. From there , your hevrolet dealer can help you 

Yet, thi~ arnc not-too-Iarge car is mall cnough put together any kind of ova you want, 
for a budget. ven a frugal one, But plan on more friends, 'IIIII~I' 

You have three standard engine choices. Four. And fewer fuel stops, A3IIMB,,"-
Six , Or V , Depends on how thrifty you want to be. Putting you first, keeps us first. OnT1le Mo¥e. 

_J 

triton times--friday, october 17--page 8 

tain background information on 
each of the speakers: 

Phillip Drath, speaking tonight 
on the pacifist point of view, 
is a Quaker, and has been a 
lifelong worker for peace. He 
helped to set up a center for 
Japanese-Americans returning 
from war internment. For 20 
years he has been a civil rights 
leader. Drath went to North 
Vietnam in 1967 on a Quaker 
Action Project to deliver medical 
supplies for treatment of bomb-
ing victims. 

Tran Van Dinh will speak 
Monday about the attitude of the 
Vietnamese people toward U.S. 
involvement in the war. Dinh 
was born in central Vietnam and 
educated at Hanoi University. He 
fought as a guerrilla with the 
Viet Minh Liberation Front 
against the French and Japanese 
during World War II. He is 
now a Washington-based free-
lance writer and is the author 
of a novel based on the war 
in Vietnam. 

General Victor H. Krulak will 
discuss Red China and America's 
future on Tuesday. He was com-
missioned as a second lieutenant 
in the U.S, Marine Corps in 
1934. In World War II he com-
manded a Marine parachute bat-
talion in the South Pacific. In 
the Korean War, General Krulak 
was Chief of staff of the First 
Marine Division. In 1964 he 
became a Lieutanent General and 
for four years commanded all 
Marines in the Pacific. 

William R. Corson, lecturing 
Wednesday on the 'other war' 
in Vietnam, is a former Marine 
Colonel. He wrote The Betrayal, 
a book which condemns American 
policy in Vietnam. In the book 
he attacks the escalation of the 
war; criticizes visiting American 
politicians; and strongly opposes 
General Westmoreland's search-
and-destroy missions, which he 
considers to have been the crucial 
misjudgement of the war. 

James D. Bell will speak on 
Thursday about other com-
mitments to the nations of South-
eas Asia. He is the U.S. Am-
bassador to Malaysia and has 
had a long career in foreign 
service. In 1964 he went with 
Attorney General Robert Kennedy 
to Southeast Asia, in connection 
with Indonesia's confrontation 
with Malaysia. 

The manager for the. Committee 
for Arts and Lectures, Mr. James 
S. Lombard, explains that the 
purpose of the lecture series 
is "to give both sides of the 
story,· and to focus on an issue 
which, since it has been contro-
versial for so long, needs to be 
presented objectively and inform-
atively. 

Reyelle flection ... 
(continued from page 5) 
commuter students who have no 
ties with UCSD other than at-
tending class. 

I must stress that the activities 
CCA plans should not be ends in 
themselves. I would oppose a 
candidate who views CCA as a 
high school-type "activities com-
mittee.· CCA's purpose is to 
develop Revelle into a ·c~mun­
ity of scholars" where all mem-
bers participate and learn through 
each other outside as well as 
ins ide the classroom. Activities 
should be considered educational 
tools for achieving that purpose. 

In sum, students elected to 
both committees must be pre-

I pared to come up with strong 
id eas to benefit Reve lie in the 
committees' respective domains 
as well as work with other 
students and faculty to develop 
ideas into programs. In answer 
to any question of why I am not 
running for either office, I do 
not feel I have enough ideas 
relevant to their work this year. 

' \~~trito:n tiIU.es 
THB AltTI 

• rey,e. 
Good Old Italian. Com 

by larry Johnson 
Times Arts Writer 

Dead are the wife and her lover, while the jusband stands over 
them with a bloody knife. Cornball , of course, great Italian corn-
ball. But, in opera, music is the thing and "Pagliacci" has plenty 
of what we go to the opera for : emotion-stirring song which is 
tuneful, yet richly powerful. If corn can provide a setting for that, 
then good for corn. 

The opening production of the San Diego Opera Company was 
an enjoyable experience, if not the best that one might have hoped 
for. The standout was Robert Nagy in the lead. A good actor, he 
is a great singer. His dramatic tenor brought out the spirit of 
the jealous actor-ClOwn, with a musical and dramatic flair that 
made the part live. 

Judith de Paul, his opposite, was good-looking, but was strained 
both as a singer and as an actress. In many passages her soprano 
sounded terribly artificial and forced, and her acting was mechan-
ical, with even her flirting wooden. Her voice has basically good 
quality and it may improve with experience . 

Ken Remo did a fine job as Beppe in "Pagliacci." and a very good 
job as the narrator in "The Moon," the short Carl Ort! opera 
that filled out the twin bill. Whlle he was an adequate actor, his 
roles called for more singing than acting and he was quite equal 
to the demands on his lyric tenor. He even managed the falsetto 
portions with remarkable purity and clarity. 

Julian Patrick, as Tonio in "Pagliacci" and as st. Peter in "The 
Moon," provided a steady but not outstanding performance in 
the baritone role. One of his primary problems was articulation: 
he could rarely be understood. He also had difficulty projecting 
in the lower registers. 

Even in opera one need not follow tradition slavishly, and the 
San Diego Opera need not explain itse lf for failing to pair the short 
"Pagliacci" with its usual partner, "Cavalleria Rusticana,." 
Yet why wdid the directors choose such a dud as "The Moon"? 
It doesn't sound bad on paper: an opera based on one of Grimm's 
Fairy Tales, concerning some people who steal the moon, an act 
which eventually leads to problems that st. Peter himself has to 
straighten out. But never did so short an opera seem so long • 
It dragged. Had the music been played in a faster tempo it would 
have helped, and the narrator might have been used to accelerate 
the slower portions of the action. At its best the music would 
hardly be memorable, and the rhymed couplets of the En"lish tran-
slation were otten horrible. "The Moon" did, however, provide 
an opportunity for some beautiful visual effects from the pro-
jector, including some color shots from Apollo 11. The sets here 
and for "Pagllacci" were rather well done, though all of "The 
Moon took place behing a gauze. 

On the strength of "Pagliacci" the evening was enjoyable. Some 
well-chosen operas are coming up this year, with good singers. 
"Tannhauser" will be next, in November, and UCSD students can 
obtain tickets at a great discount. 

• r , • 
Everrthing but the Queen 

by Magnus Carti us 
Times Arts Writer 

The English pianist John Og-
den gave an English piano re-
cital in English Sherwood Hall 
on an English Tuesday evening. 
This English pianist opened his 
English recital with four English 
Impromptus by the English com-
poser Schubert. These four 
English Impromptus were play-
ed with English rhythms and 
English teml?i. Every EnglIsh 
English tempi. Every English 
not was played with peculiarly 
English precision. 

The remainder of the first 
half of this English recital con-
sisted of an English perform-
ance of the English Fantasie, 
also by the English composer 
Schubert. The English Allegro, 

the English Adagio, the English 
Scherzo and the English finale 
were all performed with an 
English tone, English style and 
EngJis h flair. 

After an English intermission 
this English pianist played two 
English Sonatas by the English 
composer Ludwig van Beethoven. 
The first English sonata was 
performed in an unquestionably 
English manner replete with a 
typically English fugue. This 
English recital closed with the 
English Sonata Appassionata and 
was performed with typical Eng-
lish a-passion. 

The English pianist played two 
English encores. It was an in-
sufferably English evening. (My 
deepest apologies to Eugene 10-
nesco.) 

'Olympiad' Offered 
selecting from this mass the right 

For the first time in either moments and the significant por-
the United states or Canada, the lions. 
complete, uncut version of Tokyo By a tragic series ot miscal-
Olympiad is being shown. The fi 
Unicorn Theater will carry the culations, this vast, flawless 1m 

was purchased for North Ameri-
film from Oct. 22 to Oct. 28 can distribution by Jack Douglas 
and, because of its length, will Associates, who brutally abridged 
show the film only once each 

, . Sh t f'l will the film and substituted lor the 
mght, at ,8.00. or I ms sparse original sound track a 
accompany the main attraction. I foolish narration in English. His 

The Olympic games, held in distribution rights prohibited the 
Tokyo, Japan, in 1964, are the showing of the lull-length, sub-
subject of this remarkable, titled version, and thus it is that 
hitherto unavailable, film chroni- the first American showing of 
cleo The director, Kon Ichika- this great Iilm (except for one 
wa, was assigned the herculean early run at a Japanese Cinema 
task of recording the hundreds in Los Angeles) has had to wait . 
of hours of activity, and then three years. 

Farman Collection Rents Art to Students 
UCSD students faculty and about 35 ~ pieces, he hopes to , The prints will be on exhi-

taff ' 11 be' bl t t raise that number to about 200 bIt next Wednesday and Thurs-s WI soon a e 0 ren , 
t t · t f am in the near future. day m the eucalyptus grove 
:i,:::e ar pnn s or a n - The prints will be rented by outside the Reve lle Provost's 

Th' i t ha ed I the quarter at a nominal char ge office . Students who see some-
ifi eSlel f

Pr n s , pur~d s I between $1 and $3 per quarter. thing they like can rent it and 
spec ca V or campus reSI ence , . . d tak 't h f th t halls were acquired through the I A year s fees ~111 be r~quire e I , orne or e quar, e.r 
efforts of Dean Tom Hull and and a rebate wlll be ~ven to any time after the eXhl?lt 
Provost Paul Saltman. Their those who return the pnnts be- starts. Provost Sal,tman, saId, 
purchase was made possible by fore the end of the school "Let's get these pr10ts 10 the 
a $1,000 donation to the Urn- rye_a_r_. ______________________ -, 
versity by Mr. and Mrs. 
Dana Fayman, longtime res-
idents of La Jolla. 

A partial list of artists rep-
resented includes Picasso, Lich-
tenstein, Chagall, Shapiro (a 
Muir College instructor), 
-Fini, Bordeaux, Kandinsky, and 
Matisse. 

The prints were selected by 
Mr. Brock, chairman of the 
Visual Arts Department. Dean 
Hull, who aided in selection, 
says that although the Fayman 
collection presently numbers 

Stad4'Ut 
BEAUTY STORES 

UNIVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOPPING CENTER 
3979 GOV ERNOR DR. 
453-0261 

DIANE SHOPPING CENTER 
4702 CLAIREMONT MESA BLVD. 
272-3242 

COSMETICS 
SHAMPOOS 
TINTS 

OLD WAVES 
HAIR SPRAYS 
WIGS 
WIG SUPPLIES 
GIFTS 

10% Discount with A.S. Card 
on many items 

THE GRADUATE 
Will soon go out of release. 
It may be a long time before 
you get another chance to see it. 
Don'tGoof! 

----... FINE ARTS 
1818 GARNET STREET 274-4000 

"TH E 

Saturday Midnight 
MONEY 

BY RUDY BURCKHARDT 
Whal's lunny about money? It's the 
root 01 all eVil yet everybody loves It 
It can'l buy happiness, bul It can buy 
sex 

MOTORPSYCHO NIGHTMARE 
Bob Dylan's "bald song of a traveling 
salesman and the larmer's daughter 
hysterically comes to 1,le-

SERGEANTS BANNED 
Beatle's "Day In The lIle 01" put on 
lilm IS like the fllst l ime you heard 
11- a mind lIower 

DOCK OF THE BAY I .. --- ------- .. I PROCESS RED, ROCKFLOW. 

FINE ARTS 
1818 GARNET STREET 274·4000 

Liberated \Veek! 
"Cathe "in paak 
is ul'iou Green. 
with ent'Y ... and 
clecid 's to become 
a on -WOlllan 
Kinsey sex urvey." 

-, .. $11,,,",, WINS. RI~' 

atherille Spaak lind Jean-Loui rmtIgnant 
I'fftSONS UNDEIf 18 CAN NOT aE AOIIAITTEO 

.ACA.DE 1V.IY 
3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284-1000 

trnon time~.Io""fr1.day~. october 17-.,page 9 



fri"., Oct. J 
Film "The Slow GL 
shown by Dr. Alan &hneider, 
Humanities-Library Auc.itorium. 
Free. 9:00 a.m. 

Lecture " Lipid Changes ln a Mar-
ine Food Chain" by Richard F. 
Lee, Sumner Auditorium. SIO 
12:00 noon. 
Film " The Hunt" sponsored by 
the A.S. USB 2722. 50~ admis-
s ion. 7:30 p.m. 

Lecture " The Peace Movement, 
Past and Present ' by Philip Drath 
sponsored by the Campus- wide 
Coordinating Committee for Spe-
cial Programming, Gymnasium. 
Free. 8:30 p.m. 

Meeting of Chinese Student As-
sociation, North Dining Hall, Re-
velle. 7:00. 

Haudalah Service, a Jewish form 
of encounter sponsored by Jewish 
Student Association, stude nt 
lounge at Univer s ity Luther n , 
Church in La Jolla. Open to all. 
7:00 p.n;. 

Sunda, Oct.J9 
Film f, A Face of War " a docu-
mentary film on Vietnam spon-
sored by the Campus-wide Co-
ordinating Committee for Special 
Programming, USB 2722. Free. 
7:30 p.m. 

Monda, Oct.20 
Lecture on Draft by Col. Dee In-
gold, Assistant to the Director 
of Selective Service System in 
Washington D.C., Basic Science 
Lecture Hall 2100 MC. 7:00 p.m. 

Meeting of Students for a De-
mocratic Society, HL 1148. 
7:00 p.m. . 

Lecture by Tran Van Dinh. Gym. 
Free. 8:30 p.m. 

Tuesda, Oct.21 
Meeting of Alpha Phi Omega, 
Suite 440 Argo, Revelle. 7:00p.m. 

Meeting of Angling Assoc iation, 
USB 3050A. 7:00 p.m . 
Meeting of Christian Science Or-
ganization, Infor mal Lounge, Re-
velle Commons. 7:00 p.m. 
Meeting of University Folk-
dancers, M312W. 7:00 p.m. 
Lecture "Red China and Ameri-
ca' s Future" by General Victor 
H. Krulak. Gymnasium. Free. 
8:30 p.m. 

Wednesday Oct.22 
Wednesday, October 22 
Meeting of Alpha Sigma Phi, 
Language Lounge, Revelle Com-
mons. 6:30 p.m. 

~1eeting of Friends of Resistance, 
Lower Blake Lounge, Revelle. 
6:30 p.m. 

Meeting of Photographers Asso-
ciation, L'SB 4050B. 7:30 p.m. 

Meeting of MECHA, I' 3020. 
8:00 p. m. 

Lecturt:: by William J'. Corson 
on Southeast Asia. G; m. Free. 
8:30 p.m. 

Thursday Oc,.23 
Lecture "The Fedenl Trade 
Commission - Is it dOing its 
job?" by Ralph Nader. Revelle 
Plaza. 12:00 noon. 

Informal Discussion 'vith Ralph 
Nadar. Language Lounge, Re-
velle Commons. 2:00 p.m. 
Lecture "Lung Function, High 
Mountains and Space" by John 
B. Wl'st. Professors Inaugural 
Lecture Series. H LAud., Re-
velle. Free. 4:15 p.m. 
Meeting of Soaring Club, 
LanglJage Lounge, Revelle Com-
mons. 7:00 p.m. 

,oung repu.'icans poll 
Everyone should. All of us , students, 

faculty and staff, have a stake in this im-
portant issue. 

How you care is the subject of Young 
Republican 'S first ~ampus activity. A poll 
which aims at determining what you think 
and are willing to do about the Angela Davis 
case will be conducted by YR on Revelle 
Plaza on Oct. 16 and 17 between 11 :00 
and 2:00. YR's will offer information about 
the club and the Republican Party, but also 
wants to clarify campus opinion on subjects 
such as the Angela Davis question. 

What do you care about Angela Davis? 
Express your viewpoint. What are you 
willing to do about your viewpoint? Would 
you be willing to forfeit your own credits? 
Or boycott classes? Or just condemn the 
Regents--or commend them? If you care 
about this issue--pro or con--YR invites 
you to visit its members hip table and par-
ticipate in the s urvey. 

ksdt needs chiefs 
Applications are now available for execu-
tive positions on KSDT RADIO. They in-
c lude Station Manage r, Chief ENGIN EER, 
Music Dir ector, and Public Affair s Direc-
tor . Contact the student Activities Ofrice 
in Building 250 MC for further infor ma-
tion, or call that office at ext. 1918. 

be a ham at coffee huf 
Anyone interested in performing at the 

ASUCSD Coffee Hut this year, please con-
tact the Student Activities Office 250 MC 
(}(l9 19), Ben Rode at 215 Argo, or Glen 
Forsch at 272- 5019. 

financial straits? 

k iosk 
POp,'.t;OI control 

• Population Control," is the topic for the 
Medical Ethics discussion group next Wed-
nesday, beginning at 7:30 p.m.,at 5202 Cobb 
Pl., the home of Dr. Jerry Albert, associate 
director of c linical chemistry at University . 
Hospital. Car s leave from University 
Lutheran Student Center, 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Dr., at 7:15 p.m. 

draft ass' t ingo'" 
On Monday, Oct. 20, at 7:00 p.m., Col. 

Dee Ingold, Assistant to the Director, 
Selective Service System, Washington, 
D.C., will be speaking in defense of con-
scription as a means of raising manpower. 
With the changes to the draft proposed by 
President Nixon and the impending replace-
ment of General Hershey as Ddirector, this 
outh to be an excellent opportunity for stu-
dents to get some idea of how these de-
velopments may affect them. 

The talk will be in the second floor aud-
itorium of the Basic Science Building (Rm. 
2100) on the Matthews Campus. The initial 
presentation will last approximately one hour, 
after which there will be a question and 
answer period. 

,o'unteer ser,;ce 
Want to do some volunteer work? 
Looking for a way to s how you care? 

UCSD staff and students will meet with 
rommunity and cris is center people on Tues-
day at 3:00 p. m. in Matthews Cafeteria 

This will be the first of a se r ies of meeting~ 
to initiate development of a volunteer se r vice 
center program. 

The meeting will include discussion of the 
potential of academic credit for those who 
par ticipate in the center. 

The meeting is open to all s tudents. 

ralp' lIa"er -ftc .uster 
Ralph Nader, consumer crusader and autlior 

of Unsafe At Any Speed, wul be on the 
campus of the University of California San 
Diego Thursday, October 23, to give a le~ture 
and participate in informal discussions. 

Nader, who is presently investigating the 
Federal Trade Commission, will present 
a lecture at 12 :00 noon in Revelle Plaza 
on the topic: "The Federal Trade Commiss-
ion - Is It Doing Us Job?" The Harvard 
Law School graduate will also hold informal 
discussions at 2:00 to 4:00 p.m. in the 
Revelle Commons Language Lounge. The 
public is invited at no charge. 

Nader is being brought to UCSD by the 
Campus-Wide Coordinating Committee for 
Special Programming. 

nee" a frien'" 
Feeling up tight? Need a friend? Just want 
to have some fun with people? Come join 
others in "People Nite". Each Wednesday 
evening a program of inter-personal games 
and happenings will be held in the Informal 
Lounge at Revelle College. 

The program will run from 8:00 to 11:00, 
on a come any time, leave any time oosis. 
It will be an occasion each week for students 
to meet students and become involved as 
persons. 

Father Ed Donovan, who is sponsoring the 
program, says that "each week we hope 
to have a different leader and different kind 
of program, but all aimed at having fun and 
meeting people. " Come one, come all! 

pre-law prepping 
All students planning to study law upon grad-
uation should contact Dean Tom Hull at 
the Revelle Provost' s Office for information 
on testing, meeting times for the Pre-Law 
Club, and general info on the study of law 
in universities and colleges in the nation. 

Undergraduate college students who' are in 
need of financial assistance to contineu col-
lege should file a State Scholar ship appli-
cation. Appr oximately 6,000 new State 
Scholarships will be awarded in Apr il , 1970, 
for use in 1970- 71. 

career inter,iews on campus 

state Scholar s hips are available for use 
at any acc redited fou r-year college in Cali-
fornia . The awards range from $300 to $2000 
at independent colleges , $300 at the Univers i-
tv of Califor nia, and ar e in the amount of fees 
charged to students at the California State 
Colleges (appr oximately $130). 
. In add ition, students planning to attend ju-

Olor college "'1ay ha~e the ir grants held inre-
ser ve fo r the m until such time as they attend 
a {our- year college. 

Applica lions are available in the Office of 
F)nancial Aid or directly from the State Scho-
la~ship and Loan CommiSSion, 714 P Street, 
SUite. 16~0, Sacramento, California, 95814. 
ApplicatIOns must be filed with the State 
Scholarship Com mission by midnight , Dece m-
ber 10, 1969. 

October 20 , 1969 
United Technology Center (Divis ion of 

United Aircraft) will provide information 
concer ning their engineering training pro-
gram to Bachelor Degree candidates . 

October 21, 1969 
The City of Los Angeles representative 

will be on campus to describe the Junior 
Administrative Assis tant program. On-
the-job training in budget, fiscal analys is , 

personn~l administration, city planning, data 
processlOg, or real estate appraisal for 
Bachelor's and Master's Degree candidates. 
October 22, 1969 

A representative of Foodmaker, Inc., 
will be on campus to talk with students 
about positions as Manager- Lessee and Dis-
trict Coordinator. 
October 22 and 23, 1969 

A representative of International Bus iness 
Machines (IBM) will discuss career oppor-

tunities with Ph.D. candidates in physics, 
math, chemis try, and APIS in their Re-
search and Development Laboratories. 

October 23, 1969 
A representative of Continental Device 

will provide information to Bachelor 's and 
Master's Degree candidates in electrical 
engineering, physics, and chemistry regard-
ing their Engineering Management Trainee 
program and positions as research engineer. 

For more complete details, please re-
fer to the On-Campus Interviews calendar 
for this quarter which is posted on bulle-
tin boards throughout the campus. Infor-
mation is als o available at the Career-
Education Planning Cel)ter, 250 Matthews 
Campus, ext. 2401. All discussions with 
these employer representatives will be con-
ducted at the Center. 

From outer space to inner earth. 
In the past decade, UTC has made signifi-

cant contributions to this country'S aerospace 
technology through research, development, and 
production of rockets, propellants, and advanced 
propulsion systems. 

As a forerunner in the development of solid-
propellant rockets, UTC provided the five·segmen t, 
120·inch·diameter booster motors for the highly 
successful Titan III-C space-launch vehicles . UTC 
also achieved notable success with its FW-4 high-
performance solid upper-stage rocket on the Scout, 
Thor, and Delta space-launch vehicles. 

UTr i now the leader in the field of hybrid 
rocketry, employing a combination of solid and 
liquid rocket technology. Hybrid rockets developed 
by UTC are proving thei r worth in te rms of opera-
tional flexibility, safe ty and eco nomy. 

UTC has recen tly comple ted a multi million-
dollar complex to pe rform chemical milling work 
and to manufacture metal products, ranging from 
small machined parts to large rocket moto r cases. 

In addition, UTC has a continuous prog ram to 
develop and ma rket bY'products o f its aerospace 
activities. From the knowledge gained in work wi th 
glass fibe r rocket motor cases, UTe developed-
and IS now mass-producing - the first significant 

im prove ment in fluid conve yance materials in the 
20t h Cen t ury - Te c hi te • gl a s s fiber rei nfo rc e d-
plastic-morta r pipe. 

Ac hievements such as these requ ire the d ive rse 
ski lls of co ll ege graduates with these educational 
bac kg rounds: 
Chemical Engineering Industrial Engineering 
Chemistry Mechanical Engineering 
Electrical & Electronic Metallurgical 

Engineering Engineering 
If you are interested .i n employme nt opportun-

ities at UTC, please schedu le an appointment for 
an on-campus interview with ou r College Repre-
sen tative, Mr. Lore n R. Bonham. 
Interview: October 20 

~~3)c=) 
~. 

United Technology Center 
U 

OIVISION OF UNITED AIRCRAFT CORPORATION 

~ 

t r i ton times--fr1day. october 17--page 10 

Lee Johnson, This years intramural dir ector. 

The guiding principle of this 
year 's intramural program, ac-
cording to intramura l director 
Lee Johnson, is to get as many 
students as poss ible to par tici-
pate . 

Johnson likes one- on-one, or 
individual sports. " I am stress-
ing as nnany individual act-
ivities as possible in the hope 
that a greater number of stu-
dents will be exposed to 
sports with carr y-ove r value," 
he said. 

Also part of Johnson's main 
stress is helping people find 
others of their own caliber and 
skill level to compete against. 

The duties of Lee as intra-
mural dir ec tor include setting up 
and or ganizing various activities 
and ensuring their success. This 
invo Ives organizing leagues, or-
ganizing referees, conducting a 
clas s in officiating, and posting 
publicity, among other duties. 

Johnson plans to carryon 
the programs Andy Skief, last 
year's intramural director, had 
developed, while attempting to 
expand them by getting more 
students involved. 

One of his plans is to dif-
ferentiate class leagues by 
skill; those involved would com-
pete in the calibre class they 
requested. This would involve 
more leagues with fewer teams 

and more even competition. 
Another is to [oster inter-

campus competition. This year, 
flag football is being played on 
the intra-campus level (Muir 
teams playing Muir teams), with 
the champions of Reve Ue and 
Muir then playing each other 
for the Chancellor's Trophy. 
Under this system commuters 
have a choice of participating 
in their campus's league or in 
open leagues. 

With only two campuses, 
this intra-campus competition 
followed by inter-campus champ-
ionships program is on a small 
scale at present. Looking ahead, 
however, the program will grow 
as more campuses a re added, 
with a possible by-product oC 
building campus spirit. 

Lee's assistant this year is 
Ron stutheit, an undergraduate 
at UCSD. " He's energetic and 
rea lly been a great help." 
Johnson said, " especially in 
he lping me get organized and 

COVE THEATRE ~ 

oriented at UCSD." 
Outside of his duties as 

intramural director, Johnson is 
wor king toward his doctorate in 
human behavior at USlU, a 
branch of Cal Wester n. 

His previous experience re-
lating to intramural activities 
includes three years of running 
the program at University of 
Redlands and one year of help-
ing with the program at San 
Diego state as an assistant. When 
asked why he came to UCSD, 
Lee replied straightforwardly, 
"This is the best place in 
California to work. 

"Dr. Ted For bes (PE Dept. 
chairnnan) and Howard Hunt (Di-
rector of Athletics) ar e fine men 
to work for and have spent a 
great deal of time helping me. 

"Dr . Forbes is an expert 
in physical education and 100% 
in favor of a good intramural 
program. He has also helped 
me with my volleyooll game. 
Mr. Hunt, of course, is invalu-
able when one goes to Del Mar 
during racing season." Johnson 
expressed his special indebted-
ness to Chuck Millenbah of the 
PE Dept. for suggesting he 

apply to UCSD. 
Quite an athlete in his own 

right (a three-year college All-
American shotputter), Johnson 
graduated Crom the University 
of Redlands as an economics and 
PE major and went on to get 
his master's degree at San 
Diego State (where he was also 
assistant track coach in charge 
of field events tor two years. 

The organization of the 1M 
program is in good hands , but 
student interest is required to 
make the program run. Any 
students interested in an activ-
ity should contact Lee Johnson 
in the 1M office. He will do his 
best to find competition for any 
student in any activity, and will 
organize any activity for which 
there are suificiently many to 
make competition practical and 
worthwhile. 

In Johnson' s opinion, intra-
mural sports play a far greater 
role than intercollegiate ath-
letics on the campus today. 
Students are certainly encouraged 
to utilize what is probably the 
nost rewarding athletic program 
at UCSD--the intramurals pro-
gram. 

7730 GIRARD, LA J LLA 
EVENINGS 7 & 9:15 pm 
MATINEE-SUNDAY -1 :30 ONLY 

WINN ER I3 acADEMY AWARDsi 
INClUDING BEST ACTRESS KATHARINE HEPBURN 

_ . JOSEPH E.LEVlNE ......... AN AYeO EMBASSY FILM 
PETER O'TOOLE KATHARINE HEPBURN 

1HE LION IN WINTER 

Purpose of A Ihlelie ",..,." : 
Educational Benefits Derived 

CC Wins 
5-Way Mee' 

Four teams fell victim to the 
Triton harriers as UCSDclaimed 
its third straight victory in Chap-
man's Hart Par k last Saturda v. 

The final tally was UCSD 36, 
Champman 38, Azusa Pacific 55 , 
Pasadena 102, and Cal Lutheran 
119. 

A pr oud Coach Bob Wilson 
called the win a t r ue team effort 
and praised freshman Bob Horgan 
for his marked improvement. 
Wilson was also encouraged by 
the fact thatleader s King and Avol 
were able to run very close to 
the 5 :20- per- mile pace that has 
been stressed in workouts. The 
rest of the tea m should soon 
be able to achieve the same 
pace and shorten the gap separat-
ing the first five runners. 

Following the meet, the team 
elected Revelle junior Clark 
Rosen team captain for the 1969 
season. 

Tomorrow the Triton mileage 
merchants meet the Navy Seal 
Team Number One and the San 
Diego Track and Field Club "B" 
team (which includes UCSD grad 
students Bill Boram and Bob 
Wilson) on our course at 11. 

Due to extremely heavy play 
on all UCSD tennis courts by 
other than Univers ity personnel 
and the subsequent number of 
complaints received from stu-
dents , faculty and s taff because 
of these crowded conditions , mea-
sures must be taken to ensure 
that campus personnel have an 
opportunity to play during the time 
and day of their choice when 
courts are available. 

Effective Saturday, October 18, 
all courts adjacent to the Gym-
nasium (between Muir and Revelle 
colleges) will be on a reserved 
oosis. Students and faculty/ staff 
recreation card holders may re-
serve one of the six courts by 
either phoning Ext. 2284 or by 
coming in person to the equip-
ment issue window in the gym-
nasium. 

Reservations may be made 24 
hours in advance. Students must 

by Dr. Ted Forbes, Chairman, 
Department of Physical Education 

Throughout the history of rn~l'}f s 
efforts at progress, it is all 
too apparent that, while the poten-
tial values and importance of 
physical education in its broadest 
sense are often recognized and 
commented upon by the great 
leaders and foremost thinkers 
of the various ~ges, at no time 
since the Grecian era have these 
values been fully exploited. 

Never, up to and including the 
present day, has there been 
achieved the widespread and gen-
eral understanding of the true 
nature and potentialities of phy-
sical education necessary to its 
full development and function. 

In plalUJing the academic curr-
iculum for UCSD, the Educational 
Policy Committee early recog-
nized the importance of physical 
activity by recommending a de-
partment of physical education for 
this campus. Thus a unique oppor-
tunity was presented to achieve 
this understanding and realize 
the full potential of outstanding 
programs of which the depart-
ment could be proud and which 
were to become an integral part 
of the educational curriculum. 

The resulting philosophy was 
one of a basic program of phy-
sical education, intramural 
sports, recreation, and inter-

oC court use. 
The cour ts will be patrolled on 

Satur days and Sundays and during 
afternoon recreation hours by the 
Physical Education Department to 
assure that all r ights of Univ-
ersity persolUJel a re protected. 
Children may use these courts 
only when playing with a r ecrea-
tion card holder. 

Tennis courts are available lor 
recreation use and reservations 
as follows: 

Friday, Saturday and Sunday-
9 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
Monday and Wednesday-
10-11 a.m., 12-1 p.m. , 3- 5 p.m. 
Tuesday and Thursday-
9-10 a.m., 12-5 p.m. 
All other times are reserved 

for class instruction. The above 
'schedule is subject to change 
in subsequent quarters. 

leave their registration card and • * * * * * *' * * *' *' *' '*' '*' '*' * 
faculty and s taff their recrea- • 

· tion privilege card at the window: (D) ~ fO) rI IP V : 
when picking up their reservation. It'" trllro ~trl 
number. This number can then • 
be posted on the court and it • 
entitles the player(s) one hour • 

.. 

.. 

- ................................................. } . *'*' ~*'* 
i~a lolla i ~ liQJ ~ i §.4nrt5 ! ; POVERTY PRICES FOR ALL! ; 
- .11Jll ttrk~t .i ; HAPPY HOU R DAILY 5- 6 PM : 
! zr.ar\" ~ ? DIME NIGHT (1 KEG) ~ 
• I. EVERY THURSDA Y 8PM • 
_ _. **** ~ 

! 2259 Avenida DE LA PLAYA- : VIDEO TAPE FIGHTS, • 

• 

- . BALLGAMES, TOPLESS SHOWS ~ 
I ... **** • Phone 459 - 3465 .... i i .. POOL, 80\ UNG, . : 

G . - ~ & OTHER GAMES « i rocer.es, _: -***' : 
- - . SANDWICHES & PIZZA • ! Produce, ! : : 
• M t 1 • PAR LAY ROOM TAVER ~ 
.. ea s, - : • I I . 225-27 W. 15th St . it 
-.Wille & leer.- tr : 

. (IN THE BOWELS OF DEL MAR). 
•• - • - • _ • _ • _ • _ • • . ~* .. * * * * * * * * .. * .. * * . 

collegiate athletics offering all 
students an opportunity to par-
ticipate in a large variety of 
~rtivities regardless of ability. 

intercollegiate athletics at 
UCSD is a justifiable and desir-
able experience only to the ex-
tent that the program contributes 
to the health, welfare and gen-
eral education of the participat-
ing students. Its existence is for 
those students emerging from 
basic physical education achvi y 
courses, Intramural sports, and 
for those others who are skilled 
individuals desiring a higher level 
of competition. 

Benefits are derived when the 
athlete experiences a feeling of 
self- satisfaction and achieve-
ment. Paricipation in the 
program is solely for the 
educational benefits derived. It 
is not to be Judged in terms of 
winning and lO Sing, publirity, or 
for the satisfaction of spec ial 
interest groups. 

To assure absolute institutional 
control of the entire intercolleg-
iate program, all funds are der-
ived from student registration 
fees. 

Cheap Used Books 
'-"'" in 'vl.ission Beach "'"" 

Reed's Bookstore 
3785 O~e:ln Front Walk 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BAXK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. 

233 - 8328 
Mon. 

BLOW 
YOURSELF UP 

Black and White 

(t~5 ~a?u~' Poster only $2 
wtlh plaslic Irame $4 ( ~ 7 . 95 value) 
Send an)' black &. white or color photo 
up 10 8'. 10' (no noeatl.o.) end the 
nam, ' SWlnghn.' cut from any 
SW1nsitne stapler or staple refill package 
to: Postor Mart. P. O. Box 165. 
WoodSide. N V 11377 Enclose clsh, 
c:heck or money order (no eO.D.'s) In 
the amount 01 $2 .00 lor each blow·up: 
S4.oo for blowup and 'rime as shown 
~dd sales tax where applicable. Orlglnll 
matenal returned und.Jmllsed Sahsfac4 
t lcn guaranteed. Allow 30 dlYs for delivery. 

THE 
GREAT 
SWINGLINE 

TOT~TAPlER 
The world's l"lut selkn&: 
sl~pler)'tt no larRer thin 11 
"a<kollUm ONLY tI~ wltl 1000 UU sl, plul 

, !.~,~ ,9~~~;r. NEW 
~CUB- H~ND& 

• • DESK STIoPlU S 
ONLY $1.5, nch. 
W,th 1000 st,pl .. 

"::'::"":""--'=-JI CHlly $1.9tloacll. 

triton times--fr1day, october 17--oage 11 



S,at •• i", I., • ."",. 
(continued from page 1) 
Viet Cong flags and a ,tl-imper-
ialist slogans, studen -s wormed 
their way down Telerraph Ave. 
among the traffic lanes, slapping 
M-Day, slapping M-Day hand-
bills on rain-wet cars. 

About 1,000 demonstrators pa-
raded down the city-sanctioned 
route in the shopping district 
along Shattuck Ave., where they 
passed out printed sheets and 
tried to convince merchants that 
Wednesday was no normal bussi-
ness day. Businessmenslammed 
doors and flipped "open' signs 
over to read "closed" as the 
protesters flowed past their 
shops. Later, as rain dispersed 
the demonstrators, most bus i-
nesses opened again. 

Stanford's evening rally was 
one of the largest moratorium 
day gatherings in the state; more 
than 7,000 persons jammed two 
auditoriums to hear obel-prize 
winning scientist Linus Pauling 
declare: " We have an over-
whelming duty. We must force 

Cont. Issues 
(continued from page 3) 
feasible within the time that we 
are alloted." 

Stuart Reder (Quality of Life-
Environmental Pollution and Pop-
ulation Control): "To live it is to 

get involved in it. You can rap 
about pollution and come to an 
intellectual conclusion about it, 

but unless you're in a position 
to see the consequences, you can-
not get into it." 

Since the Muir Contemporary 
Issues program was instigated as 
an educational experiment, it is 
entirely fitting that these changes 
are taking place. The wide assort-
ment of topics being covered 
and the variety of methods being 
tested are in complete accord with 
the experimental nature of the 
course. But whether they will suc-
ceed, and what will be the end 

result of this year s program is 
not yet predictable. In the words 
of one discussion leader: "I can 
see a lot of opportunities, but op-
portunities aren't facts." 

Referendum conf. 
(continued from page 1) 

4. Do you believe that the 
policies of the Reagan adminis-
tration have worked to lessen 
the quality of education in Calif-
ornia? 

UCSD UCLA 

yes 

no 

no opinion 

1487 
(84C;C) 
276 
(16',) 

7408 
(81.6C'0) 
1110 
(12.2%) 
319 
(6 .2~) 

5. Would the institution of a 
tuition for California resident 
jeopardize your attendance at the 
University of California? 

UC SD UCLA 

yes 988 
(59'0) 

no 781 

no opinion (4l'i) 

6. Do you suppor 
tion? 

ye 

no 

no opimofl 

UCSD 
203 
\121J 

(88 r) 

5828 
(64.2'7-) 
3002 
(33 .1'C) 
244 
(2.7 /j) 

ouch a tui-

rCLA 
809 
(8.a ) 
7i60 
8!i.Sr) 

::;02 
::;.5,r,) 

7. 00 you be iiI' ~ that til" 
poliCies of the Reagan adminis-
tration have worked to promotfl 
violence on the campus? 

yes 

no 

CSD 

j!i30 
(86 ,) 
241) 
(14 () 

our government to end this evU 
war." .ratori •• col,iI •• " 

At UCSB, 2,000 students 
attended a rally on campus, and 
later joined other Santa Bar-
barans in a silent vigil at the 
Santa Barbara Art Museum and 
in the distrubution of handbills. 

A peaceful march downtownJo 
the local park highlighted events 
at UC Santa Cruz. Classes were 
not cnacelled, strickly speaking, 
as most of the faculty adhered 
to the obligation to teach by mak-
ing arrangements to hold class 
at other times during the week. 

The names of San Diego Coun-
ty's war dead, painted on a fence 
at San Diego state College, were 
covered by whitewash. A mes-
sage left behind observed, "You 
ha ve been visited by Minutemen." 

(continued from page 1) 
wide committee. He expressed 
an interest in plans for next 
month's moratorium march down 
Broadway in San Diego. "We 
must influence the non-academic 
community." 

Dr. Herhert Marcuse said he 
was proud of Hanoi's support, 
expressed in its open letter to 
the American people. He stated 
that the problem of Vietnam was 
rooted in the U.S. system. 

Marcuse argued that capitalism 
is "a rational business that 
doesn't waste money on anything 
harmful to the system. Only 
a change in ~he system will bring 
about a change in the policy. I 

Without (a change) the insanity 
will go on." 

Because "the system is sus-
pect" it is "getting jittery" and 
"increasing military spending." 
He pointed out the similarity bet-
ween Vietnam and the problem 
of Angela Davis, saying that "all 
undesirables will be eliminated by 
the system" because critical op-
inion is thought bad and "must 
remain within four walls.' 

He urged the rally audience to 
gather more strength for next 
month's moratorium. .. Wilen 
and if the system escalates, you 
must escalate too. youth must 
demand an education for life in-
stead of one for death. 

"Some would call me a pessi-

mist. I think of myself as be-
ing a ruthless optimist," Mar-
cuse said of himself. He fin-
ished with a hearty "good luck," 
received a standing ovation, and 
went off for a television interview. 

Professor Salt man came tack 
to introduce Roy Huggins, a Hol-
lywood producer , and Mr. Huggins 
provided some comic relief. Mr. 
Huggins referred to the mora-
torium as "Mr. Nixon's Seventh 
Crisis." (Nixon wrote a book en-
titled SIX CRISES) "Seven times 
in the last five days Nixon said 
that the moratorium would have 
no effect on him. Way down 
in the small of his mind Nixon 
knew he was Lyndon Johnson," 
the producer quipped. 

*CEILING 
A N D 

VISIBILITV 
U NLIMITED 

At Pratt & Whitney Aircraft "ceiling and visibility unlimited" 
is not just an expression_ For example, the President of our 
parent corporation joined P&WA only two years after receiv· 
ing an engineering degree_ The preceding President, now 
Chairman, never worked for any other company. The current 
President of P&WA started in our engineering department 
as an experimental engineer and moved up to his present 
position. In fact, the majority of our senior officers all have 
one thing in common - degrees in an engineering or 
scientific field. 
To insure CAVU·, we select our engineers and scientists 
carefully. Motivate them well. Give them the equipment and 
facilities only a leader can provide. Offer them company-paid, 
graduate education opportunities. Encourage them to push 
into fields that have not been explored before. Keep them 
reaching for a little bit more responsibility than they can 
manage. Reward them well when they do manage it. 
Your degree can be a B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in: MECHANICAL • 
AERONAUTICAL • ELECTRICAL • CHEMICAL • CIVIL • 
MARINE • INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING • PHYSICS • CHEM-
ISTRY • METALLURGY • MATERIALS SCIENCE • CERAM· 
ICS • MATHEMATICS • STATISTICS • COMPUTER SCI -
ENCE • ENGINEERING SCIENCE· ENGINEERING MECHANICS. 
Consult your college placement officer - or write Mr. 
William l. Stoner, Engineering Department, Pratt & Whitney 
Airc raft, East Hartford, Connecticut 06108. 

CAVU · might also mean full utilization of your technical skills 
through a wide range of challenging programs which include iet 
engines for the newest military and commercial aircraft, gas 
turbines for industrial and marine use, rocket engines for space 
programs, fuel cells for space vehicles and terrestrial uses, and 
other advanced systems. 

Pratt & Whitney Aircraft U DIVISION 01' UNIT,"O i=iRAI'T CORnORATIOI'I 
EAST HARTFORD AND MIDDLETOWN, CONNECTICUT 
WEST PALM BEACH, FLORIDA 

triton times--friday, october 17--oage 12 


