
Volume I I, Num"" • University of California, San Diego 

On Student 
by JO.hn Zaller 

President Nixon's Commission 
on Campus Unrest urges "Re-
conciliation and Under-
standing," not to cure a prob-
lem, but to reunite a badly 
polarized nation. 
Editor's Note: In presenting news-analysis, the TRITON TIMES 
presents both facts or background information and some 
in terpretation of the significance of this information. Analysis 
articles are to allow for interpretation, but should not serve as a 
means for outright advocacy or axe-grinding. 

The old proverb, "If you can't say something good , don 't ay 
anything," seems to have been the guiding light behind 
President ixon's Commission on Campus Unrest. This mOOu 
operandi could have resulted in a most mediocre report but 
didn't, and for an obvious reason. 

The grand conclusion of the commission i that the country is 
fac ing a crucial and dangerou crisis of conscience. The nation 
it elf is imperiled by the increa ing polarization of the 
genera tions. The way out, and the only way out for the 
commission, is reconciliation and understanding. 

The commission, therefore , sets itself up as apologist for the 
univer ity, for students, and for the " counter-culture." It 
argue , e sentially, that students are people, , and as such, 
have a right to look or act however they want, so long as they 
remain within the law. It explains, and I think it explains very 
well, many aspects of the counter-culture, or subculture , in 
which so many students are to some extent involved ; always 
making painstaking efforts to report life styles and altitudes 
without an implicit judgment. 

It does make judgments, but they are clearly demarcated 
and always humane. Often, they are sympathetic. The report 

m~~ well turn out to b~ a monument to liberal democracy's 
ability to come to grips with almost anything. bare feet 
included . 

News-Analysis 
The commission also makes more pragmatic arguments for 

accepting youth, this time protesting youth, even when it may 
not be pleasant. "To respond to peaceful protest with 
repression and brutal tactics ... makes extremists of the 
moderates, deepens the divisions in the nation, and increases 
chances that future protest will be violent. " Thi is empiricaly 
observed fact, and the commission says so. 

In taking students on their own terms, and trying to make it 
all palatable to the over-25-generation, there are a lot of true 
things which are omitted or underplayed. The report note that 
students are often driven t8 violent protest out of a deep sense 
of moral conviction and frustration . This is undoubtedly true ; 
but it is also true that for the masses of mobilized students, 
boredom with courses and the excitement of action are equally 
compelling factors . 

Chapter 00 Black Studeots Incomplete 
Likewise, the chapter on Black student movements shrinks 

from a complete discussion. Considerable space is devoted to 
prove that Blacks till suffer from institutionalized racism (in 
1964, Blacks comprised 5 per cent of all college students; in 
1969-70 the figure was 6 per cent, de pite EOP and the efforts of 
the liberals ). But no mention is made, for example, of the 

paratist strains of the movement. Doubtle the commission, 
had it so chosen, could have explained much ; but the i ue was 
too hot to erve the purpo e of reconciliation. 

!h commission selectively ignored or glo sed over much in 
lIlIs way; but their intention , at least, were good . 
. With all this in mind , it is not urpri ing that th commi ion 

hnds that "campu unre t" i not only not a problem, but is, in 
fact, desirable. Only di ruption and violence, the report says, 
are "probl m " that have a "solution." 

The commis ion states that " ... the most perfect university 
the mind could conc ive would still be an unre tful place. 
~m~n.t other things, it would concentrate on it campus 
slgmflcant numb rs of young people, and it would en ourage 
them to entertain nov I idea , to r ad h terodox books, and to 
ubmit all re eived wisdom to criti al crutiny." 

10 Defense of Lawful Protest 
The commi sion def nd all rights of lawful prot s1. ven 

arguing that pick tline , for exampl , do not con ·titut undu 
"politicization" of th univer ity. "Tak th Fir t 
Am ndment" as guid to what is acceptabl on ampu, the 
commi sion warns, becau th court hav rules that it 
applie there, too. 

But th report i not just gen ral pol gy for tud nt and th 
univ r ity ; it i cha lk d full of specific ugge tions. nd r th 
hading of "Th niv r ity ' Re pon to Di rd r, th 

commission recommends, among many other things, that the 
university administration make early and clear policy 
statements regarding what forms of protest are and are not 
acceptable ; that the trustees not harass their president during 
critical periods ; that disruption, even violent disruption, 
hould be dealt with in the first instance by the university 

alone ; that when action is taken against protesters it should 
follow contingency patterns established well in advance of the 
trouble ; and that except for idearm on officers and anti- . 
sniper teams where required , national guard troops should 
carry only non-lethal weapons, and under no circumstance 
fixed bayonets. 

The chapter further discusses when the university hould 
c9nsider " waiting out " massive but non-violent 
demonstrations (sit-ins, building occupations, etc.), noting that 
this is often the wisest course. It also advi es the 
administration to negotiate whenever possible, even though 
demands may come in a " non-negotiable" form . 

Repor t Reads Like Haodboek 
Thus the report can also read at times like a Handbook for 

Dealing with Student Disorders, and may provide orne useful 
elementary les on for administrators who have never 
experienced disruption. Further , the college pre ident who 
negotiates with students is much less likely to be stigmatized 
as " soft," since the practice has been recommended by a 
presidential commission. 

The fundamental cause of student disorder , the commi sion 
concludes, does not lie 0 much in the is ues th mselves, which 
have been around for a long time, but in the emergence of an 
idealistic youth or counter-cultur . 

" At the center of thi s culture is a romantic celebration of 
human life , of the unencumbered individual , of the n , and 
of nature ... it (has ) rejected all in titutional discipline 
externally impo ed upon the individual , and thi et ( s) it at 
odds with much in American ociety." 

Protest Comes Gradually 
The commission ob erve that student come gradually to 

protest, and often wind up deeply alienated from merican 
society. "There is in the character of radical prote t an almost 
religious fervor , as th re ha been in other college prot t in 
other nation in oth r time . .. (and ) just a it ha never 
work d to end gun - or lions - again t religiou conv rt , 0 
too it ha been unavailing to me t campu activism with force. 
Force only te ts th rneltle of the activi ts commitm nt, and 
thu end not by weakening th mov ment, but by 
tr ngthening it. " 
Th b st tactic, according to the commis ion. i to d -

escalate. But the counter-cultur i n verth I tak n very 
. riou Iy: " ... Th possibility cannot b overlook d that th 
tru cau e of th v nt we chara teriz a " campu unr t" 
Ii d ep in the ocial and e onomic palt rn that have b n 
building in W stern indu trial i ty for a hundred ar ' or 
mor . It I at lea t remarkabl that many of th th m s of 
th n w international youth ultur appear to revolve in n 
way or anoth r about the human co t of t hnology a nd urban 
lif , and how ft nth y m t eho a r turning to an anel nt 
and impler da ." 

" . . In that ca >, we an onl h p ,and try to Inur ,that the 
American political y t 'm will eontinu to as. i tth p 'a ' ful 
c XI ' t nce of bl nding of diff rent lif t_1 " " 

Th r port is not entlr I uncriti al of th n w ru I ture It 

Friday, Octo"er 23, '910 

notes that " antl-rationali m and the urge for blunt directne 
often leads those of the new culture to view complexity as a 
disgui e. to be impatient with learning the fact. and to 
demand implistic olutions in one sentence ... 

uggeslioD for " Reform" 
While defending the traditional idea of the univer ity. the 

commi sion makes several specific ugge tions for " reform." 
tudent . it says, hould be given more control in campu 

government. Student should also have a formal vehicle for 
faculty evaluation ; and the re ult should be taken into account 
in hiring. firing , and promotion. 

To the faculty , the commi sion expre e th opinion that 
teaching hould be " in and for today ' world ... there have 
been too few careful attempt to relate past exp rience, 
traditional knowledge, and acad mic method to the problem 
and conditions of modern oci ty in way that are 
educationally sound ." 

The commi sion argue again t outsid commitment , 
including defense research. Th kind of thing . the report 
says, often detract from the primary educational mi ion of 
the univer ity. And cia ified re arch, both becau e It doe 
have political implication and b cau e it i oppo ed to the 
open inh rent in th idea of a univer ity. hould be 
terminated "We re omm nd that unlver ltie avoid 
acceptance of n w c1as ifi d projects and terminate existi ng 
classified project unle it is cI ar that th unde Irabl re ult 
of und rtaking such a project are outweighed by compelling 
advantag ." 

And it i to governm nt that the commi ion make it final 
r commendations. which amount mo t Important! to 
anoth r plea for reconciliation The argument h re I not onlv 
rhetori al : -

"On can never d termin t~ pr I extent of that 
influenc - to what d grce. for e ampl ,th actIOns of 10 al 
police are aff ted b what politica l I ad 'r ' a. - but It i. 
clear that high gov rnment orr. ial h Ip t the c1imat for 
lawenforc menl. ·· 

Through ut the r p r1. ther are ref renc s to high publIc 
offi ial who mak divi Ive remark. Th . pre umabl. are 
directed a Mr. gn w -

Hutth report call .. r . " ..... !~~ .. .. ~ .:-.,.." ,t .,II~ tnr 
po ·itive £fort. and morally, at lea 1. thl ' La 'k falls pnmanl\ 
to th Pre ident " E p clallv In thIS lim of diVISion . ('v rv 

m rican mu t find In the Pre. ident' I I r ' hlJl :orne 
r~f1ection of what h bell vc < nd rc p c1. only thl 
Pre. id nt. b) e ample and by tn . lructlOn. ('an ffecllv I calm 
th rh ton of both pubii rei 1<11: and pro! 'st r~ wh .,. word 
In th pa .·! havt' too It ' n h('lpcd (urth I dlVld th ' countr\ , 
ratht'r than umt It .. . 



BSU 
-

Unit Motivation and Black Freedom 
"To perpt'tuate unity among 

black students and stimulate 
motivation to unite with 
brothers and sisters in their 
common e~fort-the effort being 
freedom ... lS the function of 
BSU," says Prentice Deadrick 
acting chairman for the Centrai 
Committee of BSU at UCSD. 

F~ther elaborating on this 
pomt, Deadrick says, "The 
extent of this freedom is not 
limited and narrowed down. I'm 
not speaking of any specific 
freedom, (Le. academic 
political or cultural) but all 
freedoms in general." 

BSU (Black Students' Union) 
was formerly known as BSC 
(Black Students' Council) . Two 

by Rose De Casto 
weeks ago the lIame was 
changed, according to Deadrick 
because "there are more blacks 
on .campus now .. . union signifies 
unlty ... a want to ally with the 
other eight UC campuses who 
call themselves 'unions' ". 

Elections Held for Positions 
Last week, BSU held its 

elections for the 11 positions on 
the Central Committee. 
Deadrick, who was also elected 
Administrative Secretary r~f.I~~ts that "the respon: 
slbihtles of the chairman are 
somewhat limited. There is no 
real 'chairman ' of BSU. The 
Central Committee is the one 
that heads and governs BSU. 
My primary function is to ar-

TNT 

ticulate the wills of the BSU, 
and the Central Committee acts 
as a laison between the black 
students and the ad-
ministration. My job as acting 
chairman ties closely with that 
of the administrative secretary. 
As the administrative 
secretary, my job is to organize 
meetings and set up the agenda 
for these meetings. As chair-
man, I will preside over the 
meetings." 

In the past, BSU has devoted 
an immense amount of effort to 
the formation of Third College. 
"l'fow we are ~rying to keep it 
gOl~~. BSU IS not in any 
poht1~al capacity," says 
Deadrlck, "We function around 

The Now Thoreau 

olb globe tbeatre 
batboo pOlk on .tau_ 

Page 2 

S2.50 & s200 (Tues ., Wed , Tnur .. 
Sun Eves) 
S3 00 & suo (Fro , Sa t Eves. ) 
$2.00 & SU O (Sun. Mats) 
S1.5O Stu thru COli & En l,s ted M d . 
e.c . Sat Eve 

Triton Times October 23, 1970 

Studenls 

$1.50. with va lid ID card 
except Satu rday night s. 

Third College 
Plans Multi-Media 
Recruitment Drive 

Prentice Deadrick 

Third College because BSU 
functions around the Blacks. 
BSU does not actually function 
in Third College but has Third 
College ties because black 
students are being represen-
ted." 

BSU's previous role in Third 
College was to work with the 
MECHA organization in the 
college's formation. Together, 
BSU and Mecha interviewed the 
prospective faculty members 
after Provost Watson and the 
Board of Directors had finished 
screening them. 

BSU To Expand 
This year BSU is trying to 

expand itself into the com-
!Ilunities and not just center 
Itself around Third College. A 
recruitment program known as 
IMR (Information, Motivation 
Recruitment) send~ 
representatives to high schools 
with predominantly black 
enrollments and recruits 
stu.dents fo~ the EOP program. 
This commIttee shows slides of 
the university and discusses 
entrance requirements with the 
high school students. 

BSU is also launching a 
"community awareness" 

(Conlinued on page 3) 

mens hairstyl ing 

by Mike Lyons 

Pascual Martinez, Third 
College Dean of Student. 
Affairs, plans an extensive 
recruitment program 
throughout the agricultural 
community of Imperial County, 
and southeast section of San 
Diego for students under the 
Educational Opportunity 
Program. 

Students from the Black 
Students Council and MECHA 
have formed an rMR 
(information, motivation and 
recruitment ) program a 
division of the E .O.P. 
department , to help in 
recrUIting Black and Brown 
stUdents this past summer for 
Third College. During the last 
few weeks, IMR has been 
working on a series of short 
lectures and film slides of the 
campus, for high school and 
Junior colleges in the San 
Diego area . 

Fred Henderson, IMR staff 
member, commented on his 
goals :"The IMR program has 
been cut back ; there's a work 
shortage in IMR: we're trying 
to get more Blacks into the 
program. We 're trying to give 
them the rundown on the 
qualifications , entrance 
exams, requirements , and 
courses needed to get into the 
University ... 

In talking to Martinez about 

long hair our specialty 

l,pa ilt"lItl 
lu i lill ie 

11i& - 30OD 

WHY DON'T YOU? 
If you are looking for the most 
entertaining and prov6cat ive 
adult film fare to be seen any· 
where, Pussycat Thea tres are 
your cup of tea! 
Each week, thousands of dis· 
criminating men and women t 
throughout California look to 
their local Pussycat Theatre for 
the finest in adults'only enter· 
tainment. 
Why don't you visi t one of the 
Pussycat Theatres li sted below? 
Check your newspaper or call 
your local Pussycat Theatre for 
program information . 

de l •• r , Iu. 
310 f ifteenth I trll t 

lIIel •• r 

WHY DON'T YOU? 

PUSSYCAT 
4th & " F" Street 

DOWNTOWN 
239-2394 

930 N"TIONAL AVE. 
N"TIONAL CITY 
477-4417 

the E.O.P . recrultmen' 
program hc stated , "Ma 
people seem to think 
E.O.P. recruits just for 
College. but thi is not 
E.O.P. office recruits studen~lsl ll, 
for all the campuses, not jusl 
Third, Muir and Revell . 

Martinez strongly indicated 
that the whole task of 
recruitment will depend 
heavily on the students in IMR 
getting out in the communi 
going to various high school! . 
and Junior colleges. talking It 
students about the program 
seeing what their interests art 
and how they can be applied It 
the University. 

Imperial County (85 per cenl 
Chicano), one of the areas 
where they plan to recruit, is 
;In area where virtualh 
everyone over 18 works in thi 
field . A college education is 
an issue that is 
Several students in IMR feel 
is necessa ry to concentra 
their efforts in these areas 
where education is at its lowesl 
level. 

Race. Martinez feels should 
play an important part in thE 
E .O. P. admittance , bU I 
shouldn ' t be the so lt 
determining factor fOI 
admittance . Rather , 
family 's income and 
students ability to do 
shoiild be taken into a~~VUII\.l. 
" I would like to see 2/3 
student body in Third Col 
Black and Brown students. 
remaining third I would like 
see the American Indian 
Orientals, etc. But, the thing i 
am most interested in =~"'5 'i . 
is the White 
ci tizen, or the poor 
is eligible but too embalrra';~.1 
to apply. 

When asked 
relationship between 
different enthic 
Third College, he rep 
relationship oeLw~m 
students has rea 
tightened by the ))UIHll:lilll~ 
faculty members aLLill;KIIII:. 
Third . We try to 'n""O~'M 
relation ship by 
different enthic 
together in the 
therefore furthering 
knowledge of other races." 

Third College has been 
focal point of discussion br 
many critic . Martinez wai 
asked to comment about 
attacks on Third College. 
stated : "Most of them 
always exaggerating and 
playing". 

Want to write-
see-

Rich Heimlich 
T. T. City Editor 

loss Set At $7,500 

What Ever Happened 
To The Sunrise Shirt? / 

by Rod Lorang 

"We wanted to work with 
Sunrise because we thought the 
people might respond to the 
type of trip we were trying to 
do," says Dan Sellens, ASUCSD 
program director, "and that 
was simply to bring good music 
to a college audience at a lower 
cost. " The only trouble was, to 
many people thought no cost 
made more sense than low cost, 
so many than "Sunrise really 
took a bath" about $7,500 worth. 

Spellens from ASUCSD, or Ron 
Breen from Sunrise Produc-
tions. Six thousand admissions 
would have brought Sunrise to 
the break-even point. But, S3ys 
Breen, only about 4,000 paid. 
The rest admitted themselves, 
or were admitted free. 

clear people wouldn't pay. And, 
he says, people probably 
wouldn 't pay because they 
figured the gate would be 
opened. 
Gale Opened 10 Avoid Damage 
Sunrise stressed that the gate 

was opened to avoid personal or 
property damage. The idea 
worked, everyone had a great 
time and things went well. 

ASUCSD isn't out a penny, 
though. No AS funds were in-
volved, and there was no 
arral'igement for a percentage 
of the profit or loss. The AS 
provided a field, and on-<:ampus 
promotion. Its retW'n was to be 
in good music, not money, and 
everyone seems to agree that 
they did get our good music. 

52.50 Price Agreed Upon 
Students also got a low ticket 

price, partly because the 
program board despite the lack 
of financial commitment, was 
involved "to a great degree" in 
planning the concert. A 
maximum ticket price of $2.50 
for UCSD students on advance 
sale was insisted upon as a 
precondition to the concert, and 
Sunrise agreed. 

That's cheap for a major 
concert. Even the gate price of 
$4 barely gets you off the 
parking lot at the average 
Pagni-Sports Arena production. 
In view of the loss Sunrise took, 
was $2.50 too cheap? No one 
seems to think so, not Dan 

Infiltration Easy 
Those who did choose to 

admit themselves found it 
ridiculously easy, as security 
was deliberately played down, 
foolishly or nobly, for the sake 
of a mellow, no-hassle at-
mosphere (because someone 
might get hurt, and to protect 
property) . The Tipton rent-a-
cops were told upon arrival to 
remove hard hats, guns and 
clubs, and they did. All police, 
other than student marshals, 
were kept outside the fence. 
According to Spellens it was 
agreed that, "Unless provoked 
by violence, they (the police) 
wouldn 't touch anybody. " 
Essentially, the Sunrise people 
didn't want anyone uptight. 

Reasoning similar to that 
behind the treatment of security 
forces led to the opening of the 
gate. At one point, Sunrise 
threatened to close down the 
concert if people didn't start 
paying. (By then, they knew 
they were in the hole.) The 
threat, and attempts at per-
suasion, didn't work and a 
decision to open the gate was 
made by Spellens and Sunrise. 
According to Spellens, the gate 
was opened when it became 

Inside, after the gate had 
been opened, 100 frisbees 
acquired free were thrown from 
the stage to the people . An 
announcement was made that 
Sunrise had trouble with 
money, and needed donations. 
Frisbees were passed as hats, 
and about $500 was collected. 
Other money was collected 
inside by the ASUCSD con-
cessions. None of this, by prior 
arrangement, went to Sunrise. 

What will happen to that 
partnership, and to concerts at 
UCSD, is not clear now. Asked 
directly if there will be another 
concert, Spellens replied, ",I 
can't say." 

Sunrise 10 be More Practica I 
Sunrise Productions, 

meanwhile, has a couple of 
backers to talk to, a loss to 
recoup, and perhaps a bit more 
practicality . (The Sunrise 
newspaper is not in danger , as it 
is legally and financially 
separated from the production 
company.) If the backers will 
put up more money, there will 
probably be another concert ; if 
not, new backers will be sought. 
Ron Breen is surprisingly op-

"8SU" (Con linued from page 2) 
timistic, because, he adds, he 
has to be. Another concert 
would be Sunrise's third at-
tempt, after two financial 
failures. Says Breen, "We learn 
by our mistakes. We're still 
learning." Breen readily ad-
mits that security could have 
been tighter, and expresses fear 
that people would now asswne 
they could get into any concert 
free. 

program whereby certain BSU 
members talk to other 
organizations about Third 
College, BSU, and other topics 
of minority interest. 

Along this line, BSU is 
planning more cultural ac-
tivities. Special guest speakers 
will be presented and will talk 
on a variety of topics. Prentice 
Deadrick expresses a desire for 
political education, "to create a 
'national conciousness,' to 
make people aware of what is 

wrong in our society, and to 
innovate them to want to 
change it." 

Deadrick further elaborates, 
"BSU is aiming towards 
community expansion ; but 
first, our objective is to 
establish communication . 
Letting people know about BSU 
and speaking at organizations is 
part of this. BSU would like to 
establish better ties with other 
Black Student organizations 

andemer~eIrom the local to the 
state and national levels. " 

·see terry 

Stop Inflation And Help Your Brothers 

All Types V.W. 
S./vi18. 

Rebuil! Engines 
'225 up 

Rebuilt Tronsoxles 
'125 up 

~ 
Putt I'ull 

hop 

For ["'Y 
DOY' .. plt 

h ery ParI 
for Your 

Bug 
NEWanll 

USED 

Bir d Rock Putt Pull hop 
South 631 ~ La Jolla Blvd. 

454-0761 

Breen, however, could be 
making some mistake 
assumptions of his own, namely 
that business will continue as 
usual . Dan spellens says that, if 
there is another backer, "I don't 
think the Sunrise personnel 
would be the same." Any future 
concerts probably won't be the 
same, either. 

the fine 

hrs ' -S:3O m-f '-5 sat 
418 -63!i0 

"Sulclcoh" 

Jews Celebrate 
Autumn Harvest 

by Debbie Sovit 

Sukkot, the Jewish holiday of the fall harvest 
was celebrated Saturday night by th~ Jewish 
Students Association. The traditional Sukkot, or 
booth made of branches was constructed in the 
woods near Bonner Hall. Fruit was hung on the 
leafy roof representing the bountiful harvest of 
the celebration. 

Students blessed the Sukkah the two symbols 
of the holiday, the lulav and etrog. The lulav is a 
palm branch bound to myrtle and willow 
branches. The etrog is a citrus fruit similar to a 
lemon. The two are held together and shaken in 
every direction representing the unity of the 
Jewish people. 

Traditionally Jewish families dine in the 
Sukkah for its seven day duration . In this way 
Jews are reminded of their ancestors who dwelt 
in booths after they left Egypt. This custom also 
adds to the feeling of unity of the Jewish people. 

Sukkot is tradItionally the happiest holiday of 
Judaism. In fact the Jewish people is com-
manded to rejoice during this festival . Jews 
atUCSD fulfilled this commandment by eating 
the fruit in the Sukkah , singing, and doing Israeli 
folkdance. 

W ANT TO WRITE 
See Rich 

SPECIAL LIMITED TIME STUDENT OffER! 

YOU HAVE TO COME INTO YOUR COLLEGE STORE. That's all. To get 
the fine, na tlonall y·advertised products tha t you want and need, 
And , all you pay is 35¢ for packing, freight and handling. 
Why th is couple of bucks worth for 35¢? The manufacturer of these 
great toiletry products just want you to try them - so that you will 
know how great they are. That's why they have asked your College 
Store and Campus Pac to put th is deal together as a special student 
service program. 
But there is a limit to only one per student while they las t. 
Get your big couple of bucks worth of Campus Pac tOllp tr ies - plus 
ma ny money saving offers and coupons- for only 35C- today! 

Chr GJ ~ dfl1D3v~ (;j ~ 
6J ~ \'Jijffi) ci1 (1ms 1riih1im 

University Bookstor 
Triton Times October 23, 1970 Page 3 



U(SO Entry Runs Out of Steam 
But Race "Airs" Alternatives 

In Internal Combustion 

by Sfeve Landau 

UCSD had two cars entered in this summer's 
"Clean Air Car Race." One, a propane Con-
version car, was totalled outside of Albuquerque, 
New Mexico at one in the morning as the drivers 
swerved to avoid "a large animal of unknown 
species." The 'other, a steam car, chugged 
across the MIT starting line at a roaring 20 miles 
an hour (in 2nd gear), leaking steam into the 
drivers compartment, and ended up being towed 
the rest of the way across the country. 

But the race turned out to be quite an 
educational experience for the members of the 
UCSD team and other participants, as well as for 
the thousands of spectators who witnessed the 
magnificent men in their driving machines as 
the incongruous entourage crossed the country. 
The race also had its own element of humor and 
drama. Although the UCSD entry did not make it 
under its own steam, it was able to travel along 
with the race and generated considerable in-
terest. Its crew is generally satisfied with the car 
and feels that it can be perfected. 

The steam car actually wasn't ready for the 
race at all. Work on the car had begun long 
before the idea of the race was conceived, some 1 
1/2 years by race time. The project had been 
initiated through the efforts of many people at 
UCSD, but largely by Dr. Stanley Miller, 
professor of chemistry. 

If Only James Watt could see what became 
of his revolution . 
The real push to complete the car began last 

March. The crew, consisting of some 15 people, 
worked day and night during the early summer. 
Two or three weeks before the race they were 
still working and were far behind schedule. Then 
one night, about a week before the race, the 
steam generator blew up. 

"We came to realize that we may not have the 
car done in time for the race," says Gerald 
Crowley, a lab technician in the chemistry 
department. "We had to finish a backup steam 
generator and it had to be tested and installed. 
Things were V! ry, tense and irritable." The 
pressure of the , p~roaching deadline magnified 
previous disagrl)ements over design and other 
specifications. 

Given the stat.· the car was in, some people felt 
that its premature use would be damaging. 
However they I Prl through th~ preliminary 
tests and three team members split for Cam-
bridge, driving for three days straight. They 
planned to finis.l work on the car there. 

The other U(SD entry was one of the con-
verted propane cars that the unicops drive 
around campus. All university vehicles were 
modified recent:y as UC's contribution to saving 
the environment. Interest in this car by the team 
was considerably less, as it was not their own 
product. 

Upon arriving back East the steam team 
learned of the fate of the propane car. It had been 
demolished and several passengers injured, one 
with a broken collarbone. The electroni<; control 
system (damaged beyond repair ) and many 
other parts and tools necessary for the com-

pletion of the steam car were now delayed in 
their arrival at Cambridge. The remaining team 
members of Cambridge had to figure out the 
entire wire of the steam car without a schematic. 
Finding it completely unintelligible, they 
rewired most of the car. In two and a half days it 
was completed. 

Crowley was one of the members that drove 
the car in the race as was Dave Helland, a senior 
majoring in Biology. Crowley says, "the car 
hadn't run up until then. That's why some 
thought we shouldn't go to Cambridge and make 
fools of ourselves. The night before the race 
there was a test run. Then we went out and had 
lobster and we were off the next morning." 

"On the starting line we didn't know if it would 
run. We had one false start, then a flameout. We 
started it again and there were a lot of leaks 
where steam was getting out. There was a hole in 
the floorboard because of an unfinished panel." 

"We went chugging past MIT, over the Charles 
River, into Boston, into the Massachusetts 
turnpike and then stopped. We decided to take it 
into Detroit for testing and training." 

This involved a deduction of points for the 
team. Points were awarded on the basis of 
performance (slalom, braking, acceleration, 
fuel capacity, etc.), driving time, and the level of 
emission of pollutants. The winner was to be 
determined by a complex formula. 

Actually, the fact that the race was a race at 
all was a point of contention. Originally the event 
had been plarined by people at Cal Tech and MIT 
merely as a demonstration of alternatives to the 
Internal Combustion engine. However, when the 
cars assembled in Cambridge it was announced 
that NAPCA-the National Air Pollution Control 
Authority-had decided to give $5,000 to the 
winner in each of several categories. They would 
probably give contracts to the winners, too. 

This changed the atmosphere from one of 
friendliness to one of cutthroat competition, 
some of our team members claim. 

Another sore point was the intrusion of 
professionals and business interests. All entries 
were originally supposed to be student made, 
owned, and operated. When the planners 
realized that this was impossible, largely for 
financial reasons, they aimed at a coalition of 
interests. However, as it turned out, students 
were used merely as a front in some cases. 

Of Avis ' entry Helland says: " It was a 
professional effort hard to believe. They were 
telling the students what to do, like 'you sit here. ' 
They had a giant van manned by factory 
technicians accompanying the entry. Another 
company just hired students outright to drive 
their car." 

The actual winner of the race was driven by 
four Ford Motor Co. employees who were only 
part-time students at Wayne State University. 
Their car was a modified Mercury Capri 
powered by unleaded gasoline. 

The UCSD steanl car, for reasons still not 
understood completely by its drivers, was never 
an official entry in the race. Officials withdrew 
the car after they were led to believe that it was 
not completed. The drivers did not become 
aware of this, though, until the third day of the 
race. 

The UCSD drivers never had enough time to 
thoroughly check out and perfect the car if they 
hoped to keep pace with the race. This was 
impc!' , for every night (in a different city) 
everyone would demonstrate their cars and all 
would start agaln enmasse in the morning. 

To Crowley this was the main reason for 
bothering to tow the car across country. "We 
met a lot of people who were interested in our 
steam car. NACPCA was interested. We could 
have stayed here (at UCSD) and written 20 
papers and never have gotten to the right people. 

The response of the public was great also. " It 
was almost like you were a Messiall , coming into 
some of those towns. You've come with the key to 
stopping pollution. On the East coast we'd be 
riding along the highway and people would honk 
and wave; kids would give the peace sign." But 
what really surprised Crowley was the 

Page4 Triton Times October 23, 1970 

UCSD Mechanics and Their Giant rea-Pot. 
sophistication of many people in the field of 
automobile engines. "The farmers were really 
cool. You'd be amazed by the questions asked by 
guys in bib overalls." 

From Cambridge the race went to Toronto and. 
then to Champagne,nIinois. The next stop was 
Oklahoma City, where the anti-smog crusaders 
were treated to a buffalo feast provloed by local 
bUSinessmen, in the Cowboy Hall of Fame. 

From Oklahoma it was on to Odessa, Texas 
and another barbecue. At Tucson, Arizona the 
only other stearn cars seen since the Wooster 
Poly Tech entry failed to make it past the 
starting line showed up; two Stanley Steamers 
putted around for awhile. Finally the entourage 
arrived in Pasadena, where UCSD came in 
behind the pack again. Their banquet tickets 
were sold because the team failed to pick them 
up early enough. 

More than thirty vehicles (out of 42 entries) 
finished the race but according to the precise 
errunission measurements and the complicated 
evaluation formula, only six cars satisfied the 
1975 Federal Emission Standards. One car was 
from UC Berkeley, a propane-powered 1970 
Plymouth designed by engineering students. The 
other five included one using natural gas, three 
others using propane, and one burning methanol 
alcohol. 

The other UC campus represented was Los 
Angeles, whose Ford Mustang featured the only 
engine in the race converted to diesel fuel. 

Another ingenious clean air contraption 

Some of the unusual cars in the race were side-' 
shows in themselves. One, dubbed the "Electric 
Chair" by our team, consisted of a VW chassis 
filled with batteries. The students, who designed 
and built the car themselves, simply riveted 
sheets of aluminum to the outside of the car. It 
had a knife switch as a starter and one 
speed-fast. Says Helland: "When they started it 
up, it went 'zap' and, tires smoking, accelerated 
quickly to 70 mph. Some times the switch fused 
and they had to reach in the back and pullout the 
fuse ." This car could only go 40-50 miles before 
recharging for up to a half hour. 

Then there was the great turbine engine with a 
huge smoke-stack in the back of a pickup truck, 
generating electricity. "When it went under a 
tree the leaves would all fall off," said Crowley. 
"You could hear It ten blocks away." 

The MIT turbine entry only burned jet aviation 
fuel and had to leave the course at strategic 
points to find an airport where it could refuel. 

A support car carrying liquefied propane for 
the Buffalo State entry was threatened with 
arrest in Manteno, Illinois because it did not 
carry "FLAMMABLF. GAS" stickers. 

As for UCSD, they escaped the law most of the 
way, but got a ticket coming back into good 01' 
California. 

What did it all prove? Officials of NAPCA, 
which invested $225,000 in the race expressed 
themselves well pleased with the result and 
more federal money will probably be for-
thcoming for research in this area. 

As for the UCSD team, they are still optimistic 
about the steam car, but need funds to continue 
further research. Rod Burton, assistant 
professor of AMES, said recently, "our studen~ 
estimate they put 15,000 man hours of work In 
this steam car since February 1969. They still 
believe strongly in its possibilities, but more 
work is necessary." 

(Originally the UCSD steanl team received 
several thousand dollars from General Motors , 
American Motors and Cornelius Dutcher-a 
local industrialist who is now developing a steanl 
power system. They received an equal amount 
from the Academic Senate. The Associated 
Students contributed $360). 

According to team member Helland, after 
final road tests on the car are finished they will 
have proven as much as they can with this steam 
car. What they'd really like to do now is to build a 
road able steam car with a chassis to fit it, not 
just a converted internal combustion car. 

Automobile emissions are now considered 
responsible for about half of the nation's air 
pollution, measured in terms of volume of 
discharged gases. UCSD's steam car team 
stresses that steam is one solution, but not the 
solution. ElectriCity is a solution too. The IC 
engine can be considerably cleaned up, they feel. 
Methods of public transportation must be ex-
plored. But for the time being the field of 
automobile technology has a lot oC room for 
experimentation. Big automobile manufacturers 
who complain about proposed federal restric-
tions, take heed! The Clean Air Car Race of 1970 
has shown that there IS a way . 

UCSD 

RECREA TION DAY 

IS COMING. • • 

Friday, Nov. 13th 

11 :30 . 3:00 p.m. 

UCSD'S 
WOODSTOCK 

(well, maybe not quite) 

All photo ' b) Jan Fronek 

Triton Times October 23, 1970 Page 5 



triton tiInes 
Univenity of California, San Diego 

La Jolla, California 92037 
(714) 453·2000, eKt. 1016, Advertising eKt. 1017 

.Haywood Gammon, Editor·in·Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The editorials expressed below are approved by the TRITON TIMES Editorial Board. All other opinions 
expreSled on this page are those of the authors whose names appear in the bylines, and do not 
necessarily reflect the views of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit material to be published in 
this section should Mnd it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD. 

On Sunday's Concert 
LAST SUN DA y, UCSD's first big 

concert of the year left its promoters 
with an S8,OOO deficit and the student 
body with a most vexing di lemma. 
How ca n concerts be effecti vely 
controlled and sti ll retain a peaceful 
atmosphere? 

THE MULT ITUDE of free loading 
fence-hoppers obviously felt that they 
could get away with just that. But they 
fa i led to rea lize that they were 
crash i ng in on a one· t i me 
arrangement , a trial arrangement, 
and effect i ve ly discouraged the 
beg inning of a series of concerts for 
UCSD. They d idn't really care. 

THE SECURITY guards and 
moni tors weren' t effect ive because 
they were told not to take any action 
which might t rigger any violence or 
disorder s. So they iust stood there and 
watched, hands in pockets, as the 
people scrabbled over the outfield 
fence, smiling on how they saved a few 
bucks and how, once aga in, they 
managed to turn up their noses to the 
ex isting authority unabated. 

THE RATIONALIZATION for this 
type of behav ior In the past was that 
students were being r ipped·off by 
money hungry promoters. However, in 
this case Sunrise was thoroughly 
checked out in advance by the program 
board, even the potentia I "profit" was 
minimal. The student price was low in 
comparison to other events of th is 

. qua lity . But, even with no profit , there 
is sti II cost. 

The crux of the matter is that UCSD 
for financial reasons is left with a 
choice, either establish a security 
system acceptable to and initiated' by 
and for the students, or cancel future 
concerts on campus. We feel that the 
latter alternative would be a tragedy. 
Effective contro l methods, we feel , are 
the only answer. 

YET, THESE cont r ol methods 
should be worked out very carefully. 
We would definitelv not tolerate a 
" goon squad,"similar to those in the 
ci ty, hassling students. On the other 

A POLiTI 

hand, the established authority should 
be able to handle the situation so that 
the Santana fiasco of last year will 
remain but a memory. 

IT HAS become obvious from the 
incident last Sunday that there will 
always be some individuals who w i ll 
not bow to any controls or regulations, 
despite how reasonable they may be. 

IT HAS also become obvious that the 
students must volunta r ily g i ve 
whatever power is necessary to a 
regulatory group of student monitors 
to control such situations. We firmly 
bel ieve that students should be 
monitored by students, but to be ef-
fective they must be accorded a cer-
tain amount of respect and authority. 
Th is deferral of authority must 
emanate from a consensus of belief by 
the student body, and at no time should 
a student-monitor have to fea r physica I 
or verbal reprisal as long as he is doing 
his job right. 

WE RECOGNIZE the potential for 
abrogation and misuse of this 
authority . Therefore , we further 
suggest the creation of a review board 
for " policing the Police." We then not 
only try to solve our own problems but 
provide a model solution to 'one of the 
most pressing problems in the outside 
community . 

We f irmly believe outstde police 
should be kept outside. But we also feel 
the ASUCSD should consider 
establishing an effective substitute in 
conjuction with the program board. Or, 
it may well be that we can look forward 
to a very bleak year for concerts on 
campus. 

If a solution of this type can be 
worked out, we believe its ef· 
fectiveness would be increased by 
extensive publicity prior to the events. 
The publicity. would emphasize that 
student self-policing would beenforced . 
It would also emphasize that redress to 
student.pol i ce abuse call be ac -
complished not by rock throwing or 
verbal abuse but by utilizing the 
review board . 

UNlVERSlT"{ 
APOLIT\Cf\L 

t. 

Page 6 Triton Times October 23 , 1970 

Opinion 

Violence Cuts 
Steve Landau 

If you happened to turn on the evening news last 
Wednesday you probab ly saw President ixon 
gloating over his latest anti-crime bi ll before a body 
of distinguished guests. This bill was not the first. 
This summer saw the passage of the D.C. crime bill. 
likely to become a national model. It contained the 
controversial "no·knock" and "preventive detention" 
measures that led even Southern arch-con ervalive 
Sam Ervin te label it as unconstitutional. The latest 
bill gives law enforcement agencies further powers 
and sanctions the FBI operating on campus. 

If someone came into you r house and 
your jewelry. he'd get arrested. But 
la ndlord charges outrageous rents for 
housing to helpless ghetto residents. 
unpunished. If someone poisons you . he'd 
up. But when profit·hungry corporations 
crap to an ignorant public. they get away 

These moves are the perhaps inevitable reaction to 
an escalation in violent acts of a certain nature. A 
nationwide TV audience recently heard Bernadette 
Dohrn call for a coast·to·coast terrorist effort via 
tape recorder. Then came the bombing of the armory 
at Santa Barbara , following on the heels of Madison, 
Wiscon in and others. This escalation has given the 
forces on the right the fodder they need not only to 
attack the radicals, but their liberal supporter . 

The rhetoric of the law-and-order and the terrorists 
force s points ou t the need to examine the true na tu re 
of violence. 

[n an article that appeared some time ago in Nation 
entitled "What is Violence?" Newton Garver, a 
professor of philosophy at the State University of New 
York . hypothesizes that what is generally recognized 
as violence is actually only a small part of the totality 
of violence. Violence, in the common conception is 
phys ical force. Yet, Garvey says, "Violence in human 
affairs is much more closely connected with the idea 
of violation than with the idea of force ... Apart from 
a body, what is essential to one's being a person is 
dignity." 

Of the four form s of violence - personal or 
institutionalized and overt or covert. the type ixon 
reacts to is only the personal and overt kind . 
Generally, those who cry out the most against 
violence are the loyal defenders of the status quo. 
Rarely do they see violence in defense of the status 
quo in the same light as violence directed against its 
mores or its property. 

Violence (in its personal overt form ) is not 
"respectable." Therefore, those who strive to be 
" respectable " develop intricate means of 
accomplishing the same ends as violence would 
without the nastiness of a public display. 

riot of Blacks or college students is I 
results in hundreds of arrests, but the ' 
documented by a presidential commission. 
excesses of law enforcement, result in 
occasional indictment. 

The real tragedy of this sort of violence 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
AFS Brings World 
Peoples Together 
Editor : 

I should like to take issue with 
a Comment made by Kathy Rust 
in her article on the "Com-
mittee of Returning Volun-
teers" (TI, Oct. 20). This is her 
lumping together of the 
American Fie ld Service 
Program with the Peace Corps 
and " Religious Projects 
Abroad," as if simply the 
major foreign student program 
in the world ; every year several 
UlOusand high school students 
from every continent a re 
brought to the U.S. to spend a 
year living with an American 
family and going to U.S. schools 
as seniors, and a somewhat 
smaller nwnber of Americans 
are sent to homes abroad and 
experience the life of a South 
African, or French, or 
Paraguayan, or Indian family 
for a year. There are 52 such 
AFS'ers here in San Diego 
County this year; having been 
involved with the program since 
1967 and having been " Host 
Brother" to a French student, I 
feel pretty safe in saying that, 
as the "Committee of Returning 
Voluntee rs" F red Lonidie r 
would put it, they are akin to an 
organization that "works to 
suppress progress and change 
within societies" and should 
r',ally devote their energies to 

~ evolution. The motto of AFS, is 
the ancient Sanskrit proverb: 

" Walk together, ta lk 
together, 

o ye peoples of the Earth ; 
For then, and only then, shall 

ye have peace." 

The proverb is millenia old, 
but AFS is working at it today. 
Which is more than Mr.Lonidier 
appears to be. 

Roger A. Freedman 

Fight With Reogon 
Exploined by Simon 
Editor : 

The question has been 
asked by several , for my view 
of what happened a t the 
recen t Regent's meeting . The 
whole thing started a t the 
Regents table when I said to 
the Governor. and several 
regents. that I was being 
gagged. and not allowed to 
ta lk at the Regents meeting 
until after the e lection. 

Reagan promptly lost 
control of himself. swearing 
in whispered tones tha t he 
wanted me to come outside 
with him. Dutton observed 
this. and I 'm ure a few 
others also must have 
because statements were 
made about sim i lar 
occurrences which took place 
in private sessions. of which 
we all wer aware. Dutton 
th n made the open statement 
in the public ssion meeting. 
which I made abuut being 
gagged until after the 
election. The Governor got up 
from the tab le at 
adjournment. and in front of 
several people. pu hed me 
and repeated , in front of the 
people leaving the room . what 
he had said at the tabl to mc. 
On thi occa i n it was out 
loud . and hard by many . I 
b Ii ved it was addressed to 

both Dutton and myself . 
I have no question bu t that 

the Governor knows tha t the 
reason I was gagged. was to 
a vo id exposu re of the 
extreme extent to which 
Senator Murphy is involved in 
the Irvi ne affair - an episode 
far worse in the current 
history of California politics 
t han t he tec hni color 
enta ngleme nt. Se nator 
Mur ph y has ob tained 
cons idera bl e help and 
commi tments from many 
I rvine officials, the most 
recen t of which to become 
public, was Charles Thomas. 
past president and present 
co ns ul ta n t of Ir vin e. 
becoming its fi nance 
chairman. At least on of the 
Orange Coun ty supervisors. 
and the Governor, himself. 
have had some considerable 
backing by Irvine people and 
their fr iends. 

The whole Irvine witch in 
plans has all the appeara nces 
of being more and more 
appalling. In the light of the 
released. highly regarded Isla 
Vista Commission report. the 
real ind ifference on the pa rt 
of both poli tical and business 
fi nancia l establ ishments is 
shown. Their indifferen e is 
to the problems of our youth. 
the urban problem, and more 
particularly. to the increasing 
types of drug tra ff ic and 
lIsage, and it uncontrolled 
growth. 

I ha ve been consisten t1y for 
law enforcement in re lalion 
to students. faculty and 
administrative officia ls. But. 
r ponsibility of Regent · and 
University trustee '. as w II 
as state offi ials·. is noW 

oth Ways 

an 

covert 

and as often institutionalized as personal. is that it is 
directed at and thrives off of those who are often the 
most helples to contend with it. 

Therefore violence is obviously perva sive in 
American oc iety. Many people have said " violence i 
as American as app le pie:' But is it ever justified? I. 
for one. am not prepared to categorically say no. 
Violence has often proven necessary in hi story as a 
tactic to accomplish a goal. It can also be unavoidable 
as a reaction of self-defense. for example the labor 
union struggles in the 30·s. 

But violence must be a last resort and. even then , 
the burden of proof is on the perpetrators of violence. 
In all too many cases today I suspect that militancy is 
a first resort. I am not convinced that the violence of 
either categories is of necessity or self defense. 

But then 1 think of my own reaction to the one 
institution that directly oppresses me and others like 
me. the draft. As much as we may intellec tually 
despise violence how many times have you and 1 
secretly delighted when a selective service office was 
demolished , destroying the files (providing, of course. 
that no one was injured )? 

As a per on of white middle·class background 1 am 
fortunate to be able to say that thi is the only 
institution I have directly felt the brunt of. While I 
tend to ee the burning of the Bank of America in Isla 
Vista by white middle-class students as more of a 
radical panty raid than a serious political act, I 
wonder if banks or the courts or other institutions are 
een in the same light by others as I ee the draft. 
The point of the article may seem quite obscure by 

now. It may appear to be a belabored justification of 
violence. an example of the whimpering liberalism 
attacked by Spiro T. But in essence it is an admission 
of my own inability to really define violence in all its 
forms and to determine when. if ever, it is justified. I 
suspect that those, like Nixon , who make a campaign 
ou t of attacking the more evident form of violence, 
are seeki ng the issue in terms of black and white. The 
grey area is con iderable though . I cannot respect this 
man in his righteous indignation until I see some 
indica tion that he will be equally di ligent in 
condemning the many many other forms of violence 
that his government allows to persist. 

lacking , and more needed 
than ever before. Over Thirty and 

Didn't Gag Once 
Norton Simon 

Jensen's Theory ond 
Edu(otionol Policy 
Editor: 

I am a middle-aged, WASP, 
industrial physicist employed in 
Sorrento Valley. As a periodic 
visitor to your campus, I feel 
compelled to comment on the • 
"Jensen Theory" with regard to 
what seems to be a grossly 
missed point. 

Editor : 
I just read volume 11, nwnber 

7 of the TRITON TIMES, 
Congratulations to you and your 
staff for a smooth, professional, 
handsome paper. 

The true excitement of it all is 
that I'm well "over 30" and 
didn't gag once! This does not 
mean that I agreed with 
everything you printed, by a 
long shot; but , merely that I 
admired the fairness of your 
presentations and the man-
nerliness shown throughout. 

Beverly Tschirgi 

triton 

Faculty 
" 

About Race~ Racism and 
Academic Responsibility 

Harry Muns in ger 

I find myself in the peculiar position of agree ing with my 
critics; of course we cannot support racism. How can one who 
lectures about race differences reject racism? Let me call 
your attention to Webster' s Third [nternational Dictionary of 
the English language. There racism receives a three·part 
definition : (1) Psychological traits and capaci ties are 
determined by genetic factor s, ( 2 ) Races differ in their 
di stributions of genetic characteristics, and 13) One race is 
inherently superior to others and has a right to dominate them 
because of thi s inherited superiority. 

Part one and two of this definition are legitimate cienti fic 
questions and do not constitute racial inju tice. Part three I 
reject out of hand as nonsense. 

Let me summarize a few notions conta ined in the 123-page 
Jensen report. He ask s a very old question: What factors 
determine behavior? Beliefs about thi s question shift with 
bewildering regularity. Sometime we vote for biology - at 
others, for education. The thrust of Jen en 's article is simple 
- that biological factors partly determine human intelligence. 
He makes two points: one about within group variation 
t individual differences) and the other about between group 
variation (race, social class differences). 

To support the notion that individual variation in IQ is 
partially controlled by geneti cs. Arthur Jensen report median 
correlations between unrelated persons, iblings. fraternal 
twin . and identical twin reared together and apart. The 
Erlenmeyer·Kimling and Jarvik data (Science, 1963 ) allow a 
direct compari on of the relative influen e heredity and 
environment exert on measured IQ. Their report show that 
unrelated individuals reared apart produce zero correlations 
on IQ tests la you would expect) while identical twins (JI9 
pairs studied ) reared apart produce IQ correlations of SO. 
When reared together, the correlation are .25 (unrelated 
people ) and .90 (identical twins) . Thus. rea sonable estimate 
of the control that genetics and environment exert on IQ 
variation. are respectively SO and 15 per cent in Western 
European Caucasian populations of the la st everal decades. 

If we change the environment. measured heritability 
coefficients would shift. If everyone were raised under 
identical environmental conditions, the only factors controlling 
IQ variation would be heredity and heredity·environment 
interaction. On the other hand , if we increase environmental 
variation, its relative contribution to [Q variation should also 
increase. 

The most controversial part of Jensen 's report deals with 
group differences. Literally hundreds of studies over the last 
several decade reportIQ differences of 12-15 points between 
Negroes and Caucasians. If the two races are sta tistically 
equated on ocial economic status, the reported IQ differences 
drop to about II points (about the same variation found among 
siblings reared in the same family ). The e data suggest that 
both genetics and environment make a difference. Jensen is 
very clear (as I want to be ) that the notion of genetic 
differences is only a possible explanation, not a proven fact. He 
simply suggests that the available evidence is at least as 
supportive of a genetic as an environmental explanation and 
that we must consider both. 

He presents three lines of evidence: ( 1) IQ is heritable -
therefore it can be influenced by genetic selection : (2) Foster 

Express your 
ideas 

Opinion 

parent·fo ter child IQ correlations are very low: and (3) upper 
middle class Negro children average slightly below lower cia s 
Caucasian children in measured IQ. 

When parents produce genetic materials. they do not simply 
replica te their own particul ar characteristics. but produce 
samples from a di tr ibution of 'possible characteristics 
contributed by their ance tors. Genetic material produce 
children who earn scores di stributed about the ancestral mean. 
On the average. the offspr ing of bright ind ividuals core b~lo~ 
their parents In measured lQ. At the other end of the 
distribution. offsprIng of dull individuals average somewhat 
higher than their parents in mea ured IQ. Children of Negro. 
manageria l and profes ional parents earn average IQ scores 
sl ightly below the mean of children from unskilled and 
unemployed Caucasian parents. Thi fi nd ing i congruent with 
a genetic explanation of racial differe nces. but ~s difficult to 
pred ict fro m environmental factor alone. 

Both genetic and environmental explanations of group and 
individual differences in intelligence mu L be seriously 
considered. A fair-minded confrontation in the marketplace of 
ideas. rather than emotional app al to " Kill the Pig '" i the 
only reasonable approach for a University commumty . To rule 
out an obvious. reasona ble hypothesi on politica 1 or emotiona I 
grounds is di sasterous to free inquiry. 

1/ , f . 
r· 

f 
/I 
I . 

I I ( 

I' • / j ' / 
I ' i 

f ' w I l~' 
• I 

in 
TRITON TIMES 

Send letters 
and columns to 

Editorial Director; 
TRITON TIMES 
117 Blake Hall 

UCSD 

Reform and the University 

tillles 

Na ncy Bole 

Any number of people have commented that 
• the Committee to ave the University will 

eventuall v tend to undermine academic 
freedom at UCSD. I think the statement hould 
be changed to read that CSU might omeday 
undermine the statu quo at UC D. and thi 
would be a good thing. 

almost everyone at CSD, bu t the truth 1 that 
the average voter did not vote for Eugene 
McCarthy. Actually, the average voter is to the 
right of Hubert Humphrey. 

Now some people will say tha t the people are 
ill·informed and that the Univer ity mu t how 
the people the truth. W h ar thi conceit lime 
and time again. If the tudents and faculty in the 
Universi ty keep saying that o-and-so politician 
does not respond to the people. then these 

It can hardly be argued that 
genetic differences between 
individuals in intelligence, 
physical stamina, drive, etc. 
lead to varying abilities in 
modern society. It would not be 
surprising if, other things being 
equal, the less able competitors 
fared less well economically. 
Again, although I have no 
~tatistics to which convince me, 
It would not surprise me if the 
" Negro- Cau casio n " in-
telligence norm in the U.S. were 
measurably above or below that 
of "pure" causcasion. Ad Hoc 
argwnents can be made for 
either direction. 

Ediltlr- in-(:hi"f. . . Hap"oorl Gammon 

The University is not technically part of the 
establishment because the e tabli hment i 
Humphrey·liberal while the University is 
McCarthy-left-liberal. In itself. though . the 
University maintain an "establi hmentarian " 
structure . 

tudent and facul ty member mu t think that 
the people are correct. Th n, please tell us . how 
can the people b correct and yet be wr ng 
enough to be led by the uni ver ity community' 
Does this mean tha t the uni ver Ity people arc 
more rorrect than the re t of th peopl ? 

The only essential point is 
that any genetic argwnents 
conc.erning the average abilities 
are. Irrelevant in an integrated 
SOCiety. Studies which purport 
to establish educational 
POlicies, etc., are innately racist 
whenever they overtly or 

~overt1y ascribe either real or 
Imagined group characteristics 
to the individual. That, by 
definition, is what prejudice is 
all about. 

Dr. Raymond A. Grindley 

Cil y Editor .... . .. , . . .. .. .. . Hieh II cimli(·h 
~l a nagi ngEd itor. , . . , .... .. ... . Mi k · K l a~cr 
COllY Editor ....•.. . . .. ..... Chur l.. G rah~fI1 
Uusiness Manug(·r .......... ' . . . ... J err Fried 
Editori ll l Uir etor . . .. . .. , ... Huuu l Contrera~ 
Assot'iah' Ci ty Edit or~ .. Owen JO) n ' r, Jo hn '\I a\wc ll 
Art Editor . , , ... . . .. . ...... . Tern Bara l.. 
SIJOrlS Editor, .... , .. . . .. .... Bfwl.., · lI ulfon 
I'hutugrll llh y Editor . ... ..• .•.... Jo l;n Zaller 
Cont ri huting Ed itor . . ..... . .... ~tC\C La nduu 
The TRITON TIMES is officially 'e<agnized and supported a, a ,tudent 
newspaper by the Communications Boord of the University of Colifornia, 
Son Diego, Building 250, Matthew, Campu,. La Jolla, California 92037 
Publication is twice weekly on Tuesdays and Frido~s. Offices ore located 
in rOom 117. Bla~. Hall. on thl Revelle Compu, For Advertising phone 

~53 ·2000, XIOI7; for editaroal 0' new' phone XIOI6. 

When you examin the situltion without 
emotional overtone. you s that the 

niversity does not represent the attitudes of 
the people. For example : the front page story 
on the 0 '1. 9 issue of the TT concerned campus 
faculty politics. Th tory put Profe or 
Douglas in th conserv:\tiv column. Profe or 
Jackson in th moderat column , and Prof 'sor 
Szanto in the radical c lumn. Actually, thes'J 
men, ac ord ing to thei r own opinions. 'fi t more 
clo ely in the. respectivcly, liberal. left-liberal , 
and radical column . In compari on with th 
people as a whole , all three of th m n ar n 
the left half f the p liti al cal . 

Th niversity I not really th c n dence of 
the pcopl becau It baSically divorces itself 
from th p ople. It may be a big surpr i~e to 

Actually. the Univ(f ity doe not try to lead 
the public: it ha pLt off from the public and 
has tr ied to go its own way. Can we really blame 
the people when the; threaten to reduc our 
fund s' Why should we demand that the people 
give u mon y so W can use it In a way that ~s 
oppo ed to th Will 0 top J""'!'b>? 

If the Umverslty docs not reform itself. then 
the people Will hav to reform the Univer it" 
Th pe pIe will do the reforming in lll1: lTIanni'r 
most convenient fo r them: b cutting off fund . 
And if the fund do nOt come in . th DlV(' 'Ity 
will collap e. nd who will b to blame for that:) 
Th p opl ? o. the members of th Unlver it}' 

Triton Time, October 23, 1970 Page 7 



.. 

• 

• 

Book Review 

Buckley: The Governor Listeth 
by Jim Sills 
Staff Writer 

Tile Governor Listeth 
by William F. Buckley 
G.P. Putnam', & Sons, N.Y.C .• '7.95 

William F. Buckley Jr ., the 
Tory columnist, presents a 
wide panorama of his and the 
American con ervative ' s 
views in thi s, his seventh 
volume. These selections 
from his thrice-weekly 
column are a refraction of 
American reality 1968-1969 
through the ensibilities of 
our most literate partisan. 

Buckley, a on of an oil 
millionaire. was educated at 
Yale where he first surfaced 
as a writer . His indictment of 
political bia s in college 
instruction (God and Man at 
Yale) shook the Eastern 
Establishment. In 1955' he 
joined with other prestigious 
conservatives to publish The 
National Review, recognized 
toda y a s th e leading 
Ameri can journal of 
conservatism. Buckley also 
helped form the Conservative 
Party in New York 1 where he 
now lives) and wa its 
candidate for mayor in 1965 
receiving over 300,000 votes. 
His column appears in over a 
hundred papers and his TV 
how I" Firing Line") is 

syndicated nation-wide. 
Buckley writes of the 

philo ophy of trad itionalist 
conservati m and it 
application Even more 
often. he attempts to refute 
'commonly accepted' 
interpretations of political 
event. It i a keystone of 
Buc kley's be lief that 
informed American opinion IS 
domi nated by something 
cal l ed "the Liberal 
Establishment." Long before 
Spiro T tilted against the 

ew York media vortex. 
Buckley was writing of the 
common as umptions. 
hi toneal Interpretations, 
and semantic contortIOns of 
the Libera I view (see : Up 
From Liberalism I . 

B 109 philosophic. Buckley 
speaks 01 the 'new 
conservatism . Since the 
monumental victories of 
Franklin Roosevelt over 
conservatives In the 30·s. 
traditional ists have faced a 
dilemma Should they rigidly 
stick to their principles and 
continue to oppo e such 
popular trends as social 
ecurity. univer al suflerage. 

and welfa re proJects. or 
hould tbev find new 

empha ' I~ for -their analysis. 
Buckley a vocates a middle 
approacr 01 sol t talk which 
Will not )rovoke the publlc's 
f ars as a IT\' Goldwater did 
ml964 -

Buckle y remain s 
ideologically pure. however , 
on the subject of progressive 
income tax . This has always 
annoyed con ervatives with 
it implied Marxist principle 
of ' from each according to his 
ability. 

Buckley make the 
conservative argument that 
this sort of taxation hurts the 
lower middle class and limits 
upper mobility. Buckley's 
solution is to end personal 
exemption , double 
dependent exemptions. and 
tax everyone's income at a 20 
per cent rate. Something for 
everyone ; and the same tax 
income would be raised as 
presently. 

To the reviewer, however , 
Buckley i at his best in 
partisan in-fighting as in this 
gibe at the liberal media 's 
partiality; 

The opinion makers have 
been as reluctant to draw 
conclusions based on 
Sirhan 'S ideologi cal 
inclinations as they would 
have been anxious to draw 
such conclusions if it had 
proved tha t Sirhan was. 
say. a member of the John 
Bi rch Society. 

Buckley also has the rar 
a bility - to sy n thesize 
historica l trends by analog ie 
with cry tal clarity. The mo t 
diver e actions are grafted 
onto each other to form 
suddenly coherent truths that 
a re upon th reader faste r 
than he can react. 

The di tance between a 
student's attending college 
a nd a st ude nt's 
revolutionary occupation 
of a college building is a 
psychological quantum 
jump on a scale suggestive 
of the distance between 
passionate but self -
disciplined political 
dis idence and 
a assination. 
The book ca n be criticized 

as a major work of 
Insufficient de pth and 
purpose. It can be criticized 
as abrupt and incomplete in 
Its sudden picking-ups and 
endings . But the episodiC 
feature i the pecu liar 
characteristic of this book . lL 
mu t b understood as the 
precIous record of two 
deci iv years in our history. 

For the experienced . this is 
a book sure to bring 
intellectual pleasure . For the 
novice It is sure to provide 
intellectual discomfort. 
anguish. and stimulatIOn. 

T"URSD A Y NIGHT SPECIAL 

• 3 charcoal grilled Price $ .79 
dogs 

• oven baked beans A S p cia l ev r y 
• sauerkraut night at th Coffee 
• brown bread Hou e own ed and 
• drink of your choice . opcral ·d by th e 

A C 'D. 

Page 8 Triton Times October 23, 1970 

Saturday Night: More Than a Concert 
by Peter Gordon 

Arts Writer 

Please do not get the impre sion tliat the Music 
Department's concert thi Saturday at 8:30 p.m. in 409 Me will 
be a mundane departmental gathering . The three works being 
presented , composed by grad students Allen Strange , Charles 
Buel and Frank McCarty, are exciting examples of 
contemporary music-theater, utilizing film s, slides, electronic 
equipment, paintings, lighting and sculpture as well as 
conventional mu ica l instruments. 

Charles Buer s composition, Its A Nice Place To Visit BUll 
Wouldn 't Want To Live There, is an "audio-visua l 
environmental piece" which will feature trumpet player 
Dwight Ca nnon and clarinetist Dan Goode and Alan J ohnson. 
Buel feels that the aristocratic decorum of the typical classical 
music concert is repressive and that the sta tic use of space is 
terribly limiting. For this rea on. the hall will be without any 
chairs or structured seating arrangement for " Its a ice 
Place. etc." The audience will be provided with cushions and 
will have to deal with them as they see fit. Buel hopes that 
there will be much movement on the part of the audience in 
order that they may be exposed to a number of different 
vantage points. The doors of the hall will be left open to prevent 
the listeners from feeling like prisoner and allowing them to 
come and go as they like. There will be no specific performing 
area but rather the musicians will enter from different 
passages and will be moving throughout the hall. The only 
ligliting will be from candlew which will be lit around the room 
at various intervals, allowing the illumination to be alwa:is. 
changing. Objects such as twigs and branches will be placed 
around microphones which will set up . causing shadows to fall 
around the room. The audience will al 0 be given objects and 
will be expected to create their own shadows. In addition to 
being live, music will be altered through various filter banks 
and boxe from the Buchla synthes izer . There will be extensive 
use of controlled audio feedback and tape delays of up to five or 
ten minutes. Although the overall pattern of ·'[t's A Nice 
Place, etc." is planned in advance, many of the individual 
events will be pontaneou . The main goa l of Buel is for people 
to have an experience which they' ve never had before. He cites 
rock concerts as a prime example of the theatrical possibilities 
in music and hopes to capture the mood of rock concerts into 
his piece. 

" Palace," by Allen trange, wa composed in 1968 and is a 
piece for solo violin, film , slides and prerecorded tape. It is a 
piece in which body movements, mime and sound are equa lly 
important. " Palace" is devid!ed into four sections. and is 
patterned after a vaudeville show. The first part is entitled 
'·Ba.-kfest." and portra ys the beginning of a show when all the 
barkers are out soliciting patrons. It is relatively simple. 
almo t Mozartian, although various musical surprises are 
thrown in. The second part i entitled "Catch and Sweetners." 
For this section an invention called The Hub wa s created . The 
Hub is a round music stand which rotates and contains variou 
lighti ng eff ec ts. It was necessary to create the Hub because 
"Catch" is too fast fo r pages to be turned. Since its creation . 
The Hub ha been used in numerou other compositions. some 
of which were written especially for the hub. The "Catch" is a 
gia nt fugue and the swee tner part is a reference to commercial 
mu ic. when thousand of trings are added to a recording to 
"swee tin ' it up." The third section, " va rda." is based on 
E:a tern Indian mu ic. trange say that " arda" was not a 
part of original va udev ille but explains that vaudevill e was 
rea lly a ~o llection of ac ts. At the time. he was especially 
int rested in Indian music so he dec ided to include it. In 
"Svarda." the soloist sit in a lotus position and plavs the violin 

FINAL WIEKS! 
AQUARIUS THEATER 

6230 Sunlit Blvd. 
.61-3571 

I\'\IDIMT TICnTl 
1350 ... "I, h.1I hou,bt",,, tII,l. in 'or 
. 11 ptr lolmtntu, (Iublttt 10 ... IIIbllll,) 

1.0. R ul ,,~ 

- Open 6:30Show at 7 :00-
• 2 COLOR ACTION HITSI • 

- STARR(NG -
Will,am 

* 
Roberl ,. Ernesl 

Holden Ryan Bargnlne 

folk arts 
blues . folk jazz. 

rock on record 
also : pottery. jewelry. 
luther . 

hand made clothes 
3753 india 

(corner washington 
and india) 

• NOW THRU TUES • • 

Nothing has been left out of 
"The Adventurers" 

A PARAMOUNT PICTUR£ 
.,. ttl. PIlOTS 
TlIIIIS CUlT JIM I 

THE AlmUREIIS 
8mj IIlat Nml "lHf A01IfNlUnfAS" 

~y HAROlD ROBBINS 
PWI'ISIOfi" (()lOll [!!J 

STARRING 
CANDICI IIRGIN 

like a ce llo in order to accentuate the glissa ndos. The final part 
of " Palace" is "Oleo II ." The oleo was the collection of little 
acts which went on after the play in vaudeville. The mood is 
nostalgic and it consists of many old tunes. The sections of 
" Palace" are not formally divided into movements but lead 
directly into each other. The soloist is Pat Strange, the 
composer 's wife, and all the prerecorded tapes are 
modifications of her violin playing. The film part of " Palace" 
is al so featuring the soloist and was made by the composer. 
Strange wanted a very grainy porno-fi1 n feeling in the filnland 
thu tried using 8 mm film and a cheap camera . The film was 
st ill not grainy enough so he sent it to a cheap photo processing 
house for a print. This resulted in the desired effect. The slides 
shown during " Palace" are of chemical reactions. Composer 
Stra nge explains that the overall de ired effect of his 
co'mposilion is that of nostalgia. 

Frank McCarty's compo ition, ,. Pentheus Drag ," is based on 
Euripide 's " The Bacchae." The composer will play prepared 
piano and will be accompanied by Larry Livingston and Peter 
Middleton on clarinet and flute respectively. The piece is 
thea trical with many dramatic cues. One of the major devices 
to be used throughout the piece will be having the musicians 
sing and talk through their instruments. The purpose is not to 
make the words intelligible, but rather to use the timbres 
available in the human voice. Admission is free . 

STEPPENWOLF, considered America 's number one 
hard-rocR group with such hits as " Magic Carpet Ride" 
and " Born To Be Wild," will appear in concert Sunday. 
October 25. 5:00 p.m. at the San Diego Sports Arena. 
Appearing with STEPPENWOLF will be SUGARLOAF, 
with their current hit. " Green-Eyed Lady, " and JO 
MAMA . 

PRESIOENT NIXON 'S INAUGURAL 
ADDRESS BY DAVIU L UUH IE 
BY KEVIN RAFFERTY 

DEMONSTRA TlON MOVI E I 
BY R Or~ F INNE 

A DAY IN THE PARK 
BY TE D SANT OS 

THE NATIONAL FLOWER 
OF BROOKLYN 

\ 

THE ROSE 
BY L ARRY BOOTH 

Face Junk 
BY RI CHARD BART LETT 

SEAN 
BY RALPH AR L YCK 

Saturday Midnight 
PIHE ART S 
1818 GARNET STREET 274-4000 

• 

-- - .--~--

The Comic Thai 
Plugs You Inll 

article 
by Jay Gillette 

Graphics Reprinted 
By Permission of 

Print Mint 8ellce/ey 
ZAPComix R. Crumb Editor 

ZAP comix are the firsl wave of a tide of avant-garde 
literary art. and despite their vulgarized medium • 
contain a message that is among the most vital and 
cogent being offered taday. They cover such Important 
Subjects as Man's Search For Gad. Violence In America. 
The Immorality Of U.S. Involvement In Vietna m. Drugs 
And The Youth. and Man'sSpirit Vs. The City. 

Though ZAP often seems to endorse the use of " soft" 
drugs like marijuana and mild hallucinogenics, it has 
carried a Public Service comic strip on the subject of 
SPEED_ Its conclusion: "And the next t ime some speed 
freak offers you a hit. just smile and say: ' None for me 
thanx' - 'Tell 'em Mr. Natural said so.' .. 

Which leads us to the subject and identity of the 
mysterious Mr . Natural, a figure who made his 
appearance in the very first issue and who has 
continued to pop up in strange places ever since. He is A 
Great Man (an ex-taxicab driver from Aphganistan) 
whom we fint encounter meditating in the desert for 40 
days. He is the Guru. the Christ Symbol . who provides 
solutions for out troubled times and souls. He does this 
not by answering queries directly. but rather through 
parables and fables. and finally the living example of 

his own life. According to Biblical scholar Anthony 
Owens. " Mr. Natural does not fulfill the role of 
precursor. li~e John the Baptist. He is. in actuality. the 
curser himself." (Noire Dame Spiritual Preview. Apr il 
1966) 

Another of ZAP's sociological contributions is the 
curious Folk Custom for getting rid of the " blues" 
(Webster 's: " Colloq. - depressed . unhappy feeling") 
called " truckin'" on " street truckin· ... An individual 
apparently accomplishes this by leaning his upper bady 
and torso as for back as possible and walking with his 
feet extended as for forward as possible. He shauld 
wear oversize shoes and sing the following ditty: " Keep 
on Truckin' .. . / Truckin· an dawn the line ... / Hey Hey 
Hey _ .. / 1 said keep on truckin ' ... / Truckin ' my blues 
away! " 

Sex and Violence aften appear in the pages of the comic b_ks. 
mes separately. but more often bath at on<e. Sex comes 
in a variety of poses. rampant with phalli and breasts. 
are male·female. male-mole. female· female. deman-

Ie. and demon-demon combination copulations. 
~casiol~ally ZAP's sexuality approaches good taste. but never 

Dr. Ruben calfs "That essential ingredient of 
deeming Social Content blended with plenty af Raw Prurient 

ll peal ." (From Everything. You Dreamed About In The Dark 
ul Were Afraid To Asic for. p66) . As for Violence in the comics. 

tS there. but only proportional to Violence In America itseH; that 
on every page. 

The strange world of ZAP is further populated by underground 
" Sewer Snoids" who exemplify the simmering obsurdity that lies 
just underneath the veneer of Urban Man . In one episode. an 
urban dweller says "I'm !Jettin' tired af runnin' round thi' 01' 
city.' " and dreams of the countryside. While thus absorbed in his 
thoughts he is hit by a (ar and bounces intoa manhole. where he 
is confronted by laughing 5e_r Snoids. In fright and anger he 
runs off. saying " Sewer 5noids! Yow! Those tuckers make me 
paranoid! " and as he finally escapes. SOMers back; " Very funny . 
snoids!" Symboli(alfy, the dty man is more afraid of confronting 
the Illusion Of ·His .. Existence than of physical danger to that 
.. istence. Professor Reynolds of the Yale Psychological Review 

has made a similar oblervation, in a 1967 art ic le entitled " Man • 
Urbana. and the Snoid Syndrome: a Study fn Delusion." He 
states: " For centuries. ever since the incense of· the early 

C~ristians drifted up from the Roma n catacombs. the Average 
City Dweller has felt a deep-seated fear of the street beneath his 
feet ." He considers the comic boo~' s Snoids an important attempt 
to come to grips with this urban terror. 

ZAP Comix themselves are socio-palit ical-literary-a rtistic 
milestones of our time. We can look forward to new works w ithin 
the genre. both by Crumb and his imitaton . and as we wait until 
such time as they appear. we may confidently take up the 
suggest ion of the ZAP beatnik: " Might as well smoke lome more 
dope ." 

Triton Times October 23, 1970 Page 9 



Soccer Needs Scorers. 
To the casual observer it would seem to be a imple task to 

propel a mall round sphere, slightly smaller than a ba ketball. 
through a rectangular opening, 24 feet long and eight feet wide. 
The front line of the Triton soccer team thought the same thing 
until la t week . when they went to Berkeley for the All-Cal 
Tournament. In three games they only managed to score two 
goal . both of them on penalty kicks. Worse yet. both goals 
were cored by defen ive star Hugo Flores. It seems that the 
front line just can't put it all together , a defect which is 
extremely costly in occer, 

fortunately , CSD ha a brilliant defensive line. In the la t 
four games, goalkeeper Ned ewman, defenders Flore , Doug 
Smith, Ra'y Carillo, and Jim Harrington have allowed a total of 
five goals. What is impres ive about this statistic is that it 
include a 3-1 loss against soccer powerhouse UCLA , ewman, 
who ha developed into a magnificent goalkeeper , executed 
ome tremendous aves at the All Cal Tournament. e pecially 

against UCLA. 

tlSI . Lose 
The Triton booters have improved their tandings to one win, 
th~ee losses, and two tie Prior to leaving for the All Cal. the 
Tritons diSposed of cross town rival U IU 2-1 . a game which 
was clos,e, only because the Tritons wasted many scoring 
opportunilles. The scores came on a defensive pile-up, from 
which Fred Grunewald my teriously emerged as the scorer, 
and on a beautiful 25-ya rd hot by Stuart Hayes which loft d 
over the goalkeeper' head into the left corner. U IU still 
swears they saw a golden ky hook carry the ball into the net 
the last 10 yards. 

At Berkeley the booters opened tournament play with a hard 
fought 3-1 loss against UCLA , Actually , UCSD scored the am 
number of goals as UCLA; unfortunately, one of the Triton 
goal was into their own net. It seems that forward Carlos 
Robles grew impatient with the team's inability to score, so he 
fired a beautiful hot into hi own net. Roble i now tied for 
second place in the face for the coring leader hip. 

Tritons Dominate UCSC Game 
Against UCSC the San Diegan managed a dismal I-I tie in a 

game they totally dominated . The final game of the All Cal. 
against River ide , was even more disappointing for our kicker 
as they drew 0-0 after dominating the play throughout the 
game. 

Coach Tomas Rovero has been bu y this week working with 
his forward line of David Ri ss. Fred Grunewald , Carlos 
Robles, Andy Rubin. Stuart Hayes, and Francisco Luna , 
attempting to establish a combination that can score at least 
three goal in a game. The results of Coach Romero 's efforts 
will become apparent this Saturday a the Tritons travel to 
meet C Riverside and the following Wednesday when I 
will be back for a return match, In the meanWhile, let' hope 
the defense keeps up their great work . 

Rp, ourcf.'jutrJt>S't 
I'd"'~afi"lI . IJfJf'umillfI 
;.,.HJP." phi/ol/f"ph.' 
child,pn ', book.. 
fictwn. poetn 
jo, 

DEl MAR EARTH.SONG 

I .s. & f""'ill" 
()tIpflrlJa('~' ~ 

ItIn~(I:jn(' .~ 

BOOK 

pOjlf' n 
"'f>Cf)ril .~ 

('on/" 

STORE 

1440 Camina del Mar • Del Mar • 755-4254 

HONDA CARS 

Pacific Honda-1 269 arne t 

Page 10 Triton Times October 23 / 1970 

This Week in (un) Pro Football 
With another fun week of football gone by, it is again time for 

the Friday recap . Just casually glancing at Lee Johnson's 
priceless scandal sheet, I was greeted with an incredible array 
of sacrilegeous attacks, defaming such highly regarded UC 
institutions as the Purple Gophers and the TRITON TIMES 
sports editor. In the future, similar action will demand that a 
harder line be taken against Lee's blab sheet. It should be noted 
that a one-page swnmary of sports might be over the 1M's head 
and that it be left to more capable man like Vince Schuly or 
Ernest Hemingway ... The one thing the Daily Diatribe did 
render were the new stats and rankings. The top 12: 

1. Purple Gophers 
2. De Ann 
3, Panthers 
4, BOI 
S. Del Mar Degenerates 
6. Dissec1ers 

7. Flagstaffers 
8. Mudhens 

9. Chem/ Bio 
10. Argo/ 11 
11 . Brand X 

12. Stumblers 

Of foremost importance last week was the game between the 
Superspuds, led by Dave Oberg, and De Anza, led by O'Brien, 
with both teams undefeated in the Muir League. The game 
ended at 26 to 0 and proved to be a runaway for the De Anza 
team as the golden boys took firm possession of not only the 
game, but also all the offensive and defensive statistics. 
O'Brien, with 13 TO passes, and Jenkins , with 43 points , are far 
above all other players. 

The highly regarded De Anza team will have a tough 
challenge from the Del Mar Degenerates. Ahern and Saunders 
usually playa tough game and it will be up to the De Anza gang 
not to let success go to their heads. 

In the Red League, most of the statistics are favoring the 
Gophers, but the Dildos and the Panthers are close behind. It 
seems safe to say that the championship will be decided here. In 
the other leagues, Revelle and White, things are much the same 
as last week, with Flagstaffers and Brand X leading Revelle, 
and Bio/ Chern pulling away from the White . 

Brand X 
Flagstaffers 
Potatomen 
Dungeeps 
Meatiers 
F.U.B.A.R. 
Yuba City 
Orcs IV 

Bio/Chem 
Grand 
Media Maggotts 
Stwnblers 
Phoenix Mutual 
Phackowii 
Turkeys 

Purple Gophers 
BOI Dildos 
Panthers 
Rubberband 
Dissectors 
Quacks 
Toledo Mudhens 

DeAnza 
Del Mar Degenerates 
Superspuds 
Argo n 
Downers 
Horizontal Exercisers 
Snoids 
Creeping Crud 

REVELLE 

WHITE 

REO 

MUIR . 

W L T 

3 0 
3 0 
1 1 
1 I 
o 0 
o 1 
o 2 
o 3 

3 0 
I I 
I 2 
I 1 
I I 1 -
00 2 
o 2 1 

2 0 
1 0 
1 0 
I 1 
o 0 1 
o 2 
o 2 

3 0 
I 0 
3 1 
3 1 
I 1 
1 2 
o 3 
o 4 

Roce Walking Club is Formed 
Race-Walking (heel-and-toe walking) is a 

port that is becoming increaSingly popular in 
the United States. There are two race-walking 
events in the Olympic games and there are 
about 20 National Championship meets in the 
U,S , each year, everal of them in Southern 
California . 

interested in walking for the exercise to those 
who want to seriously train for competi tive 
race-walki ng , All tho e interested in joining the 
club, please contact Bob Reedy, 5134 Physic -
Chemistry Ext. 1280. The aims of the club will 
be to coach members on the proper race-
walking form, to enable walkers to tra in with 
other walkers. and eventually to spon or club 
and open race-walking competition here at 
UCSD. 

Inter-School 
urfing Contest 

A club is now being formed at UCSD for 
everyone interested in wa lking - open to 

tudents, fac ulty and taff - from those merely 

Rugby 
Rugby 
Rugby 

Practice for Tournament 
7 Nov. Sponsored by King 
Snedley. Anyone interested in r 
playing rugby meet Saturday, 
Oct. 24 at 10 a.m. on the field 
west of the swimming pool , or 
call Pete Sertic at 755-7263. 

university city pharmacy 
free delivery to cempus 
speciel prescription pr ices for students & flculty 
close to tlmpus 

453 ·4455 

SPORTS WRITERS 
NEEDED 

university city shopping ,center 3338 governor drive See Roclcy 

ASUCSD presents 
FRIDA Y NITE FLICKS 

- TONIGHT-
Jacque Cousteau' 

THE SILENT WORLD 
and 

ary Grant and Audrey Hepburn in 

CHARADE 
8:00 USB 2722 50< (come early) 

A Channukkah bush-
Are you kidding? 

Jewish students interested in living, working or 
studying in Isreal , or professional opportunity-
should contact: 

Alvin Schnurr 453-5844 

~/HOPLAND AND THE KING" 

~first glance, HOPLl\ND looks just like any other run-of-the-mill kingdom ... a castle, a peasant's village, oxen, some turkeys ... and a partridge in a pear tree. But look 
closely ... that isn't a pear tree ... it's a HOP VINE! WOW! 

Yes, HOPLAND is covered in hops, and as every scholar in 
the realm knows, hops are swell little plants with pointy 

leaves which are used to 
make BEER! Although 
normally friendly, be 

careful not to step on hops because they have ter-
rible tempers. Hence the expression "Mad as hops". 

But in HOPLAND, the hops are happy hops, and 
this is attributed to one man's family (from the soap 

opera of the same name). That man is ... KING SNEDLEY!!! Hopland's chief industry 
had always been the manufacture of hubcaps for the Essex Automobile. In recent 
years, business had fallen off ... and so had the hubcaps ... thus when KING SNEDLEY 
showed the people his formula for making a dandy beer, the 
whole country got behind him. (They made quite a long line). 

They say that every great man owes his success to a woman. In 
KING SNEDLEY'S case, it's a whole family. QUEEN LUCLEE, 
who patiently waited in the Royal Hussar's barracks for ten 
years w~ile the King locked himself away perfecting his 
beer formula. WEAKLING PRINCE STAN who danced 
in the National Ballet in order 

to make ends meet. And 
last, but certainly not 

least, PRINCESS 
FATOONA, who with her 
immense WEIGHT, helps 
to crush the malt and 

grain, so important to 
her Pater's beer. 

So the story goes ... and 
as the Royal banner 
with its impressive 
motto "BEER WITH 

US" waves proudly on its stick, the world salutes HOPLAND 
and KING SNEDLEY! We promise, for ever and ever, to 

LOOK FOR THE ROYAL FAMILY ON THE CAN! 

Triton Times October 23/ 1970 Page 11 



FRIDAY, October 23 
LECTURE -12 noon , Sumner 
Auditorium, Marine Biology 
eminar, Dr. A. J . Kniazeff, 

"Tissue Culture of Marine 
Mammals." 4 p.m., 2A-7421 , 
Mathematics Colloqu ium , 
Professor Rolf Nevanlinna , 
visiting professor from the 
Finnish Academy of Sciences. 
Lecture title to be announced . 
MOVIES- Friday Night at tbe 
Flicks-7:30 p.m. , 2722 USB, 
"Charade" and "The Silent 
World ." 
MUSIC -Coffee Hut 
entertainment provided by 
Marko & David . Fire and feod . 
Free entertainment at 9 p.m. 
DISCUSSION -8 p . m . 
Unitarian Church, 4190 Front 
Street, " onviolent Direct 
Action in a Democracy" will be 
the subject of a talk by Gora , 
an Indian activist and associate 
of Gandhi. A donation at the 
door would be appreciated. 
FOLK 
DANCING-International Folk 
Dancing from 8-12 p.m. on the 
west balcony of the gym. 
Teaching from 8-9 :30 for fir st-
timers and intermediate 
dancers. 25c admission. 
THEATER-San Diego tate 
CollegeDramatic Arts 
Building, Main Stage, 8 p.m., 
"Deathwatch & The Maids" 
Two unu ual and exciting plays 
by Jean Genet open the 1970 
San Diego State Theater 
Season that will emphasize 20th 
Century Drama. For more info 
and tickets call 286-6033. 
SPORTS- Hockey, San Diego 
Gulls v . Phoenix at 8 p.m. at 
the port Arena . For more 
info call 224-4171. 

Europe 
Fall, Christmas and 
Summer 1971 flights 
available. Also to 
Israel and Japan . 

I.S.I.P .-I.C.I. 
8217 Beverly Blvd. 

Los Angel s, CA 90048 
(213) 6S 1-3311 

E.S.E.P.-U .C.S.D. members . 

ob Davis Camera Sho 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459-7355 

Page 12 Triton Times 

ART EXHIBIT -UCSD Art 
Gallery features " The Boucour 
Arti t Colors Collection," an 
exhibition of 20th Century 
American paintings. Gallery 
hours : Tuesday-Sunday, 11-4. 
Wednesday Evenings, 8-10. 
-Grossmont College - "~y.n­

chomies," Smithsonian exhibit: 
Last day of exhibit. 
- Soutbwestern College 
"Roots of California Culture," 
Smithsonian exhibit thru 
November 15. 

La Jolla Mu eum of 
Art-modern sculpture from 
the Weiner Palm Springs 
collection and paintings by 
James DeFrance. thru October 
25. 
SA TURDA Y, October 

24 
LECfURE -2 p.m., Building 
IliA , Matthews Campus, Dr. 
Robert D. T chirgi , "Can the 
Future Survive Man's Brain 
and Vice Versa?" 
DANCE-8 :30-12 :30 in the 
Revelle Cafeteria , FREE. 
Band- Kindling. 
MUSIC-Conc rt at 8:30 p.m. 
in the Matthews Campus 
Recital Hall , 409MC. The 
public i invited to attend 
performances of three music 
thea ter pieces by Frank 
Mc arty. Allen Strange and 
Charles Buel. See article on 
page 8. 
RELIGIOUS SERVICE-9 
p.m ., Havdalah SerVice , 
Revelle Informal Lounge. 
SPORTS-8 p.m., San Diego 
Sports Arena, Raske~ball , S~n 
Diego Rockets, vsPhlladelphla 
76·ers. 

CONTROVERSIAL 
BOOK STORE 

1296-15601 
Tit""" & o"'''~l:~11 

o.t!"~ 

302111.lnRlty 

?AC~r~C 
YAMA~A 

complete sales 
& service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
214-6343 

327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
for serYice 
Tuc. Ihru Fri . 

9:30 - 7:30 
Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 

Closed Sun. & Mon. 
233 - 8328 

RECREATION- Muir Outing MUSIC-2-5 p.m., 406 MC, the 
Club will climb Taquitz trail U C S D J a Zl Ene m b I e 
for one day. Bring lunch. For rehearses. Additional player 
further informatiun call Rex are needed for each ection ; 
Couture , 755-3542, or ext. 2760. sa xes a nd wood wind s , 
FOOD & MUSIC-Cafe Ha-Am, trumpets , trombones ,. and 

Classifieds 

f 8 rhythm. Big band library the people' ca e opens at includes exciting new jazz and 
p.m. every Saturday night in rock material. Call Stefan 
the Revelle Informal Lounge. f h 
Israeli folkdancing and singing Olesten, 453-6863 , for urt er 

f ' information. highlights the ca e s 8 p.m.; Sports Arena . 
atmosphere. Sponsored by the STEPPENWOLF, for more Jewish Students Association. 
SUNDAY, October 25 info call 224-4171. LECTURES-I p.m., 307 
CHURCH SERVICES-IO Vaughn Hall , SIO, Applied 
a.m., University Lutheran Ocean Sciences Seminar, Dr. 
Church. The new Communion Adrian F . Ri c har d s , 
liturgy propo oed by ~ h e "Geotechnical Applied Ocean 
Consultation on Church Umon Science." 
will be the worship form . 2:30 p.m., 2A-2301 , APIS 
UCSD Campus Pastor John Seminar on the Evolution of the 
Huber will officiate and preach Solar System . Professor 
on the topic, " The Freedom Hannes Alfven, " Meteoroids. 
Trip," based on the story of the Com e t s , and A polio 

For Sale 
1960 Studebaker Lark 5130. Call 453· 
2208. 7ft. 6in . board S50. 
1964 V.W. Bus with 1970 1600 cc 
engine 2 barrell carbo fold out bed 
wi mattress·carpet, paneling & 
dra pes .. New brakes & rebuilt 
transmiSSion. Call John at X· 1016 or 
222-2517. 
Almost new acoustic guitar by 
Espana of Finland . Original S250 
now 5110 or offer. Call Dick in Ocean 
Beach 224·2070. 
'68 VW Camper, POP TOP, many 
other EXTRAS, only 20,000 mi, This 
is a fantastic camper, BELOW 
BOOK , 453·7187 

Job Opportunities 
ex od u s fro mEg y p t. Asteroids." The Communications Board is badly 
Reformation Sunday will be 3 : 30 p . m . , Sum n e r in need of a secretary. If you are 
observed. unday School meets Auditorium, SIO Departmental looking for a iob,. have secretarial 
durl'ng the worship hour . Child Seminar , Dr . William skills, and have qualified for w~rk 

. Study, contact the Work Study Office Care is provided for small.er ierenberg , " The SCriPPS (ex . 1963) for a referral. Hours 
children and infants. SOCial Institution of Oceanography." arranged. 
conversation and a more 4 p.m., 2622 USB, Chemi try Are you 
erious "sermon feedback " Colloquium . Dr . Andrew SHARP, ARTICULATE 

follow the service. Ben on , " Lipids, Detergents. HIGHLY QUALI FI ED? 
THEATER-"Hamlet" Dame Metabolism and the Marine If so we have a position 
Judith Anderson joins the ranks . E __ nv_i",,!ro~n~m~e~n~t.:":'''~':'':":~~_-Y available on full or part time 
of other rare actres es who ANNO UNCEMENTS basis 
have e sayed the role of Don't know what to do this guaranteed minimum 
Denmark 's young Prince. The weekend? CALL ED A 453- salary 
Paul Gregory production of 3362 or ext. 1176. eed • earn $1200 or more per 
"Hamlet" is sponsored by om~one to help share your gas month 
Broadway Theater League at expenses to LA SR, SF? CA LL future management 
Civic Theater, 8:30 p.m. For EDNA 453-3361, or ext. 1176. possibilities 
more info call 236-6510. Have something to sell , need to • youthfull working conditions 
RELIGIOUS-I! p.m., Revelle buy something? CALL EDNA Presently enro lled COLLEG E 
Foreign Language Lounge. 453-3362 or ext. 1176. If you STUD ENTS considered first. 
Bible Cia s. have any problems or questions Previous sa les ex perience 
ART EXHIBITS-see Friday 's CALL EDNA 453-3362 or ext. desirable. 

Services 

Folk guitar teacher. Experienced 
and patient adult. Walkin!! 
di tance from campus. 453-7647 

Typing: Reasonabl e rate s for 
tudents and teachers. Thesi , etr. 

Venice 272-1013. 

Typing ... Experi enced typi t.. .term 
papers, the is. Electric typewriter. 
Will do rush johs. 453-6835. 

Service on schedule. Distinctive 
typing by helen and IUlie . 
Satisfaction is our product IBM 
Executive. 
7466 Girard Suite 15 459·8888 

Weaving- Macrame- Yarn lessons. 
Macrame class Nov . 6 Frame loom 
Oct 28. Wool , cotton, iute . Carmel 
Valley Weavers Supply . 755·4461 

Roommates 
Wanted 

Female Roomate wanted, upper 
classman or grad. Student, to share 
large oceanfront house in Del Mar. 
5851 mo. includes own room and 
utitities 
Call1S5·9569 at 2212 Oceanfront, Del 
Mar 

Personals 
Sleeping Room for male student 
with a Del Mar family . Private entr. 
Share sitting room and bath 
wi another student. Kitchen privacy 
and meals, good living . 
5125 mo. 755·4432 Illi~s~ti~ng~. -------~~~::::::::::::::::::::::::~I Ca II: LEARN ING DYNAM ICS 

r I .C:O:R~P~.~2~3~9.~Sl~9~6~2~34~-7~O~60~ _______________________ ~ 

IIlIb Inll stltian.ry 
Irt .. It.rills 

hlll .. lrk cauls 
plrty 100lls things & things 

antiquated and otherwise nortlt coast stationers 
1237 prospect street la jolla 

454 -7000 

DIVERS 
LOOKING FOR BARGAINS IN 

DIVING EQUIPMENT? 
CHECK THESE PRICES! 

life'ii me guarpntee 
$21 Arbalete U.S. Divers speargun $'13.95 

All tonk soles include 1 year free air 

$1.35 snorkel only $.79 

NEWENGLAND DIVERS, INC. 
3860 ROSECRANS ST. SAN DIEGO, CA. 92118 

298·0531 Across f rom White Front 

THIS AD WORTH ONE DECAL PER CUSTOMER 

DlJM 
IUY 1 POSTER GlT 7l1li (sam. yolul or I.ss) t12 PRICE 

also 75% OFF llADING IHMS (with this ad) 

127 north highwlY 101 lolanl bllch 
755-4923 

offic. lupplies school lupplies 

GROUP-DISCOUNTED 
AUTO I RANCE 
f 

C.8.1.8. 
PROTECTED 

Suite #1 

~21i W5~lb~ 5L~D .• MIS~~N ~A'A . ffL.4 (j 583-9393 
October 23, 1970 


