
-- - .--" 

tr.to t e ' 
V. III •• lD, 'Nil •• ' I . Ullin,.i" .f C.IH.,,,i., 8." Dil'. 'F,iil." M., 1, 111D' 
,~; ................ ~ .. ~~ ........................ ~ .... -...... ----.................... .. 

efense Resea rch Protesters 
tage 18~Hour Sit-in at Muir 

An impromtu meeting in Revelle 
Cafeteria Wednesday night, called 
u discuss the role of the Depart-
ment of Defense at UCSD, led to 
an 18-hour sit-in at the Institute 
for Pure and Applied Sciences 
(IPAS) at Building 2A-Prime in 
Muir. 

Near ly 200 people left the meet-
ing at 10:30 p.m., entered the In-
stitute on the third floor and oc-
cupied the hallway, where they 
staged a sit-in unt1l5 p.m. Thurs-
day. 

Spokesmen for the demonstra-
tors indicated that the sit-in would 
resume Monday morning after a 
weekend of efforts to gain support. 

The administration, according 
to Assistant Dean of student Af-
fairs Lynn Naibert, took no puni-
tive action yesterday, having is-
sued an official warning that pro-
bation for students who refused to 
leave the area might follow. 

Naibert said the administration 
"would cross that bridge when we 
get to it" if a sequel to the sit-in 
occurs. 

The faCulty ,in an unofficial me-
eting during the sit-in, decided to 
set up an ad hoc committee, in 
Academic Senate chairman Ga-
briel Jackson's words, "to get to 
the bottom of defense research at 
UCSD and see if we can become 
less dependent on the Department 
of Defense," The first committee 
meeting will take place next Fri:" 
day. 

The sit-in grew out of three I 
. weeks of intense activity by mem-

bers of the SDS and sympathizers 
to "acquaint" the campus with any 
war- related research they 
thought was going on on campus. 

Wednesday's meeting featured 
Profs. Penner and York, who de-
fended the right of faculty mem- I 
bers to participate in Defense con-
tracts. 

Vice Chancellor Murphy confers with Revelle College Dean Tom 
Hull and Cy Graves, Public Affairs Director, in the halls where 
yesterday's sit-in took place. 

Const itution Passed 

As the crowd in the cafeteria 
became restive, Provost Saltman 
called an end to the meeting. Kirk-
by, who was identified last year 
with other activities related to the 
Vietnam war protest on campus, 
urged the students to action. 

As students entered 2A-Prime, 
UCSD campus police arrived to 
blockade the area. According to 
Vice-Chancellor George Murphy, 
San Diego City Police were not 
present. But other officers came 
to allow traffic to be restricted 
only to those existing. 

The ranks of protesters swel-
led to 76 after half the original 
group had left. At 2 a.m. five de-
mands were passed, with minimal 
opposition, calling for: 

1. Ending of Defense Dept. and 
CIA contracts for UCSD 

2. Closing of the Point Lorna 
Naval Electronics Laboratory 
Center 

3. RefUSing classified research 
or consulting by UCSD personnel 

4. Forbidding classified infor-
mation or documents or non-clas-
sifed paper work related to these 
documented from being handled by 
UCSD per-s«;mnel 

5. Releasing of all current con-
tracts and grants. 

During the long morning, pro-
testers used air ducts in the buil-
ding to supply them with food and 
blankets. 

Among the several non-students 
on hand, Kirkby was issued an or-
der by Chancellor McGill to leave 
the premises ofthe university. He 
complied at once, but according to 
reporters in the hallway, he was 
seen entering secretly once again. 

During the day no work was able 
to continue in the occupied area, 
but Vice-Chancellor George Mur-
phy, who had been on the scene un-
til 3 a.m., issued an order to com-
ply with UC regulations and leave 
upon request. 

His 2 p.m. order was ignored 
by protesters, who claimed that 
the inability to hear his request 

AS Prepares for Elections 
Owen Joyner 
Staff Writer 

The AS election machinery is thrown into gear 
nce again - this time \Ulder the new Constitution 

.. hich was approved this week by a margin of 561 to 
143. 22 per cent of the eligible student voters par-
ticipated in the decision. 

Making a debut in the upcoming general elections 
are the newly created offices of AS commissioners, 
replacing the old system of college senators. The 
difference in the commissioner system, say its 
cn eators, is the election of students to specific jobs 
1)11 the AS Council, such as Public Relations Director 
l' Academic Affairs Commissioner, rather than 

r.1erely just representatives without clearly defined 
/ b responsibilities. 

Consequently there will be eight AS positions for 
which candidates may circulate petitions starting 
today. They are President, Vice-President and six 

~ommissioners - Commissioner of CommWlity 
IJervice, Commissioner of Academic Affairs, 
C mmissioner of Student Welfare, Commissioner of 
\.. xternal Affairs , Program Board Chairman, and 
PUblic Relations Director. 

In addition , there are eight openings in Revelle 
r lIege Government and 10 at Muir . At Revelle 
there are six positions on the Committee on College 
Affairs and two positions on the Executive Board. 
Muir CoUege has its five council members and five 
alternates at large. 

The elections for the AS, Revelle and Muir College 
officers will be held simultaneously and the 
('ruendar is as follows : 
May 1-6 - Candidates circulate petitions requiring 
165 signatures. Petitions for AS candidates are 
obtained at the AS office 250 Matthews Campus. 
Revelle and Muir College office candidates obtain 
theirs at the respective Provost's offices. 

May 6 - Petitions are handed in at AS office along 
with policy statements which will be printed in a 
special election issue of the TRITON TIMES. 
Candidates will meet at 6 p.m. in Chancellor 's 
Conference Room A. 

May 7 - Campaigning begins - Informal 
discussion for candidates and others interested. 

May 9 - Microphone will be available for tho 
wishing to speak to the students. 

May 11 - Informal discussion to be held at Muir. 

May 12 - KSDT will air Uv a forum-{lu tion-
answer period with the candidates . 

May 13, 14 15 - Election voting days. 

Results of th vote on AS onstitution 

Voting 704 
YES 561 
NO 143 

(23%oftho ligibl 
(80%oftho voting 
(20%of those voting) 

· Dr. Sanford Penner, one of the UCSD scientists named by SDS as 
having connections with war research, speaks at meeting in the 
Revelle Cafeteria last night. At rightis Re velle Provost Paul Saltman. 
Below, students leave for tour through the Muir Cafeteria after their 
18 hour sit-in in Building 2A prime. 

· (through shouts and chants) con-
stituted sufficent grounds for them 
not to leave. 

Rumors circulating around the 
~ area indicated that serious action 
: would be taken against the pro-
· testers if they failed to leave by 

J

: 5 p.m. • 
After they had swept the hallway, 

leaving only a defaced plaque as 
damage done to the building, the 
protesters, now numbering about 

: 175, marched through Muir and 
Revelle Cafeterias . 

The sit-in, UCSD's second s uch 
incident, ended with speeches in 
Revelle Cafeteria at 5:30 p.m. 

In March last year the Regis-
trar's Office had been occupied 
for 90 minutes, an d had finally 
ended in "suspended suspension" 
for all concerned. 

Police stand guard outside hallway where de monstrators 

Berthold B r cht·s " Chalk C,rcle" makes Its prem, r 
tomorrow nl ht ,n Tom McCorry's drama d pt productoon . 
Sha ke pear 's " M ldsu mm r N lght 's Or a m " star t s 
tonIght at t h BUl ld ln 269 MC theatre. Story on page 10 



~~ritie~ Ask f6r 
S D State Funds •. ! .•... Must Pay TUition by Loan •. ::.i.; (EdItor's Note: The foUowiug Is a verbatum pres. Undergraduate In 1'10·11 school year 

:::: release from tbe Student LIfe Committee, composed :.:. 

Jim Sills 
Staff Writer 

The problem of priorities was faced this week by the AS council at 
San Diego State. Involved were minority students, the Educatiooal 
Opportunities Program and the athletic (largely football) program. 

• The controversy began as the council considered the AS budget for 
next year . A bylaw approved by the students in a referendwn requires 
that 40 per cent of the AS'income be spent on the athletic program. ' 
This year that means $167,:1AlO dollars . MECHA requested $24,000 of the 
remaining $173,000 to build a cultural and recruitment program. The 
Finance Board, an advisory body, recorrunended tha t the council 
allocate only $4,000 to MECHA. Protesting that "for too long, the 
Chicano community has put money into this college without getting its 
fair share of the benefits." MECHA " persuaded" the council to ap-
propriate 95 per cent of the money MECHA had requested. The con-
duct of MECHA members at this meeting was considered an attempt 
at intimidation by THE DAILY AZTEC (the student newspaper ). The 
result was a contentious editorial and cartoon in the newspaper's next 
edition. The paper met the outrage of MECHA by BSC by printing a 
front page retraction, but only for the cartoon. "The printing of the 
cartoon .. . was clearly a racist gesture. The cartoon dealt in ugly, 
unrealistic stereotypes ... " Finance board member Dave Weston 
also apologized, adding that " MECHA was told that any 
dissatisfaction could be argued before the council." 

Unmollified, BSC and MECHA asked the AS council to postpone 
allocations for THE DAILY AZl'EC, which they described as "a racist 
yellow rag ." The council agreed to do so pending inclusion of black 
and brown students on the controlling body of the newspaper . 

At a later meeting the council allocated $7,500 for BSC, and specified 
that 60 per cent of the income from State's first two home football 
games go to E·OP. 

At the council's most recent meeting it was decided to cancel the 
football game with Brigham Young University, often accused of 
racism against blacks. With this reduction in income, and the previous 
allocations , it was found that the AS was overdrawn $52,000. A special 
ad hoc committee , including the student chairman of the Athletics 
Board and the student chairman of the Publications Board , was set up 
to recommend cuts in expenditures . The committee will report next 
Wednesday (May 6). 

ADVERTISERS: The Triton Times is the most widely I 
read publication on campus, In addition to the 4,000 
undergraduates on the UCSO campus, there are an 
equal number of graduate students, faculty members" 
and other p~rsonnel. Advertising. rates decrease as the ' 
frequency of your advertising increases. For informa- I 
tion contact Chela Wakefield at 453-2000, Xl017. 

ANTONIONI on America 
and London ... RIGHT ON! 

"REVOLUTIONARy!'~vlll.GE 
VOICE 

"GENIUS! Sees some of the 
same things 'Easy Rider' saw, 
but through the eyesofa 
superior artist!'~C8S 

Michelangelo Antonioni's 

IAlntlmnSiIln 
'OnmnTfo~ ONLY 

"BEST PICTURE 
OF THE YEAR!" 
NATIONAL SOCIETY OF FILM C RITICS 

Michelangelo Antonioni's 

BLOW-UP 
Vanella Redgrove . Oovid Hemmings ' Sarah Miles 
COlOlOondlO:OO 

ACADEMY 
3n1 UNIVERSfl'Y AVE 284·1000 

P~.ge 2 Trit~n Times May 1, 1970 

:.:. d Estimated student budget 'or year 12300 .:.: 

:'.:!.:.::'.:! = ::~:~ ~~:'::~ ~~ :::'~d~ :e~~:o!:'~ 'S:~:c~:~~~:o::~:~tal contribution) 11°3°0°0 :. ~.:j.:~.:: .. 
It meets weekly, and Includes Vice-Chancellor Flnlllci.al need 
Geo .... e Murpby and CoUege Deans Tom Hull and Financilliald from University l1S0 .. '.' • ., (,rllnt, 101ln, or work) • ~:~ Allan Batcbelder. Anyone wisbing to work with the Educlltionill Fee deferred as loan 150' r 

~.·I;.! ~~~;~J~:::::::: ~~i.~i~~~:~::::::" ':1:4:S00 III 
Flnancilll need • 

::: In February and March meetings, the Regents Financilll.id from University . ::: 
::: voted·to increase student fees for the 1970-71 school (grant, 10iln, or work) 1150. ::: 
'.:'.:.:. year, and again for the 1971-72 school year. Educationlll Fee deferred as loan 300. :.::,': 

until alter graduation ~~~: The increase for undergraduates is $50.00 per :m 
':~:: quarter for 1970-71 , and an additional increase of From the examples, incoming freshmen in 1970- :~: 
:::: $s:<'.0? per quarter for 1971·72. Gra?uate student fees 71 , after f~ur years of undergraduate work, will owe ::: 
:.:. Will mcrease $60.00 per quarter m 1970-71, and an $1,050.00 In deferred loans for educational fees in ::: 

:~:: additional $60.00 ~er quarter in 1971-72. Medical addition to any other loans used by the Finan~ial ::: 
:::: stu~en!S f~ce an mcrease of $120.00 per quarter Aids office to meet their college expenses. ::: 
:::: begmmng m 1971-72. ::: 
:::: Prime Areas of Concern ::: 
:::: . This new fee is called the educational fee. It will ::: 

: ~~: ?e used. for new University buildings. It is assessed 1. Because of Regents' Policy the Financial Aids ~~~ 
:::: In addition to the $112.00 per quarter already office has no way to loan or give students funds to ::: 
:::: charged undergraduates and the $106 per quarter pay their educatlooal fee either from loans ::: 
:::: charged graduate students. grants or employment. ' ::: 

~~~~ ~ ~ees are due and payable in full at the 2. Many students under 21 cannot ask parents or ~~i 
:::: begmnmg of each new quarter. . guardians or friends to co-sign for loans as ::: 
:::: Students unable to pay all or part of their fees demanded by deferral of fees. ::: 
:::: because of a demonstrated money need can, as ::: 
:::: usual, receive financial aid in the form of loans , ... . ::: 
:::: grants or employment or any combination thereof. 3. Cost ~f admmlStratlOn of loan program IS of such ::: 
:::' ' magrutude. (For example, the loan deferment ::: 
{ However, Regents ' policy is: every student who program will cost the U~iversity ' of Califor~a ~:~ 
::: receives financial aid through the University is over $90,000 ne:ct year on thiS campus ~l~ne.) With ::: 
::: ex:pected to pay this new educational fee in the form ~oss t~roug.h fal~ure t.o pay and depre~la~lon due to ::: 
::: of a loan to be paid after graduation. (Payments InflatIon, htUe IS ga.med for new. bwldings when ::: 
::: begin 9 months after graduation or withdrawal from compared to the price of collectmg the loans. ::: 
::: the university. A co-signer is required for those Th' ddit ' I d bt . . II diff' ult f ::: 
::: under 21. Minimum payment of $120.00 per year, 3 4. IS a .Iona e IS especla y . IC. or ::: 
::: per cent interest. Ten years limit on loan.) many low mcome st~dents wh? are raISed m fear ::: 
::: of loans and collection agencies. ::: 

~:~ This policy of a deferred loan applies to all ~:~ 
::: California residents who accept financial aid, no ::: 
::: matter the gravity of their need. No financial tricks, In summary. The Financial Aids Office expects to ::: 
::: gimmicks or shuffling of funds can avoid this new a~sist all needy students to meet their usual needs ::: 
::: debt. during the school year of 1970-71. Our single ::: 
:.: problem, which Financial Aids cannot help defray, :': ~:: Non-residents of California, including foreign nor can many students, is payment of the ::: 
::: students, must pay the fee at the time of educational fee . This is our problem. ::: 

:~: registration. They cannot use the deferred payment At UCSD, there are 1,337 students who received :~: 
::: plan. financial aid during the 1969-70 school year . ::: 
.:. .~ 

.~ .~ 

ill ~~ 
~::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::;:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:, :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .:.:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:~:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: 

Oo4:I,",-nl",y " I ......... ., 11)'10"'" Inc r..a II)'t"I100 "'1 'S I 
,1\ 11* IK' ... ,~,; '" '1 ,'1\' colll"ge'tld U M 1$ al .....o,~ 'n 
hi" SluC::.O , ,, ~"!l'Iehc...II., ·1"" MT'''''C"A!! , lulftl li nq 
"It C""Qnlef' b""'" ClI! '!oIfP'" 10 !'-.,,,. INlH 1"'0'\1 ,nl ,-
'""Ie p .IUS 111100ft1 

AND Interview With 
Spen cer Lynch 

ACA.DEMY t--"'I 
3721 UNMASirv AVE 284 IOQO 

TliOSE ~I\STY 
A."IMAL I~TI:"ICrS 

'-;\111"\4. \ lilt< 1111 \ t<.'C 01 'T".II 

"1'1"I\F \ ... , 'I))' \.,"" '( \\11· 

1."c"FH \ Ithl." \0111 \11'" 

\ , 

V!'-
Tapes . Car t rid g e's, 

Open ree I, Cassettes 
4 & 8 Track Stereo 

Top hits in all catagori~s 
Also 30 4 60- 90-120 Minut. blank (osselte. 

f, •• /Jon"s I Wh ile .upply • loots 
A tape cartridge case 
free with each tape pur-
chase over 55.00. 
Play." - Re(orde"-Sp.Q~ert 

AII . ol s pe cial prices 

Univer.sity Bookstore 

, 
• 

Borrego Report Charts 
Growth Plan for UCSD 

Roger Showley 
New. Editor 

Out of the hot springs at 
Borrego has come probably the 
most significant document for the 
future of UCSD since 1963. In its 
more than four-month period of 
gestation, the Borrego Report 
has undergone continual revision 
and quiet but heated debate 
among the administration. For 
with the Report's expected adop-
tion next week by the Chan-
cellor's Advisory Council and 
later acceptance by the Long 
Range Planning Committee, 
UCSD will follow a temporary 
tangent of lopsided growth and 
revision of some of the original 
concepts for the university's aca-
demic environment. 

The report is still in the " in 
confidence" stage in Chancellor 
McGill's office, and its final form 
has still to be accepted by his 
council. Yet a copy has been 
leaked to the TRITON TIMES as 
a prelude to the official release of 
the final form. 

The decisions, according to 
Philip James, executive assistant 
to the chancellor, have a few 
more committee sessions to wea-
ther before they can be con-
firmed. But the outcome of the 
weekend in Borrego in late 
January shows the following 
" tentative" decisions : 

Tentative Decisions 

1. The first cluster will be 
finished-buildings completed 
and enrollment limits achieved, 
as well as several units of the 
second cluster underway-before 
any permanent structures will be 
built for College Four (about 
1978). 

2. In order to keep Third 
College 's growth within rea-
sonable bounds, the first two 
colleges will go temporarily 25 
per cent over their current 
enrollment maximum to 2500 
undergradua tes . 

3. Professional schools, such as 
law, environmental design, and 
public administration, will begin 
operation much earlier on 

campus than first expected and 
form an integral part of Cluster I, 
the colleges of which are 
currently devoted to strictly 
undergraduate education, though 
their permanent home will be in 
Cluster II. 

4. Interdisciplinary programs 
operated by "faculty groups" 
will receive greater emphasis, 
competing with departments and 
institutes for limited resources, 

5. Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography will acquire more 
"local autonomy" to determine 
its own future , just as the School 
of Medicine can set its own 
growth. 

For Revelle, Muir and Third 
College sbJdents, these decisions 
can mean larger classes, greater 
integration in departmental 
courses and majors, and greater 
involvement with graduate· 
students and professors, 

A State College at La JoUa? 

But the Borrego Report for the 
campus holds within it the 
remote possibility that changes 
made during the '70's will remain 
forever . James says the enroll-
ments at the colleges will be 
returned to their earlier levels of 
no more than 2000 undergrad-
uates each when budget con-
straints evaporate, and yet, he 
admits, the constraints could 
exist into the '80's and beyond, 
and perhaps force higher concen-
trations of sbJdents into Revelle 
and Muir in the future to four or 
five times their current enroll-
ment. A transformation of UCSD 
into a State College at La Jolla is 
not anticipated in the Report-in 
fact, it seeks to avoid specifically 
this possibility-but the ingre-
dients of change for the next 
decade could make this develop-
ment inevitable, here as well as 
at the other UC campuses, where 
pressure to accept all qualified 
\Uldergraduates is mounting, 

The major decision to develop a 
"contingency plan " for the 1970s 
grew out of four years of adverse 

- budgets handed down from 
Sacramento. The growth of the 

Jesse Unruh, Country Joe 
Bring Politics and Songs 

Jason Cathcart 
Staff Writer 

May will bring an unseasonable amount of political speakers and 
entertainers to UCSD. 

Democratic Assemblyman Jesse Unruh, who is presenUy seeking 
the California gubernatorial nomination , plans to appear here May 6 
at noon on the Revelle plaza when his controversial campaign swings 
south to San Diego. Despite the mixed reception at UC Santa Cruz, he 
will bring within his platform a proposal dismissing student tuition. 

On May 11 Dwayne canon, candidate for State Superintendent of 
Public Instruction, also will appear at noon on Revelle plaza to spread 
his campaign. Mr. Canon is presently teaching at Mt. Sac College. 

Stuart Udall, ex-Secretary of the Interior and highly sought-after 
ecology speaker, williectllre May 14 at 8 p .m. in the Revelle cafeteria . 

Several candidates for District Attorney of San Diego County are 
considering speaking sometime during this month. 

On the entertainment side of the calendar, today at 4 p.m. the AS will 
sponsor a free barbeque in the Beaglt' Hall patio to all card-<:arrying 
students. Folk singers will provide music and entertainment. Tonight 
the coffee hut will rock with a live band. 

Joe McDonald of the musical group Country Joe and the Fish will 
visit UCSD at 3 p .m. tomorrow in USB 2722, but not as an entertainer. 
Because of a recent Massachusetts injunction protesting the profanity 
of his "fish yell" and his testimony on the Chicago seven conspiracy 
trial, his speech will probably reflect politics. 

May 5, Cinco de Mayo, will feature for students the famous Lanuza 
Brothers Dance Troupe on Revelle Plaza from 11 :45 to 1: 15. There is 
also a possibility that an l1-piece soul band will appear at an un-
disclosed future date. 

G.tlrg. B,tlw" 

H., C.lla/.tI Hi. App •• ,."a 'til T •• , 

By the first of the filII qUilrter students will most likely lose 
their favorite spots on Scripps Beach 'or Ihe secluded 
section'" Black's Beach now owned b UCSD S10 ersonnel 

hllve complained over the years 0' v.ndalls m by mostly 
'eenage bathers and surfers. who often enjoyed "ex· 

lorallon" of Ihe Scri s Iilcilities. 

campus, according to James. has 
been somewhat higher than first 
established in 1963, when the ori-
ginal long range plan for the 
campus was published. 

But the growth of academic 
programs has not kept up with 
enrollments. The social sciences, 
especially, have suffered from 
slow increase in the number of 
faculty members . 

The FTE and You 

The crux: of the dilemma facing 
UCSD is the tyrannical FTE, 
short-in " universityese" -for 
"full-time equivalent ." All 
variables that make up a growing 
institution-such as enrollment, 
buildings, faculty, libraries, food 
services, AS budgets-are depen· 
dent on the number of people 
attending the campus on a full-
time basis, as well as those who 
attend part-time. 

The Long Range Development 
Plan set out the growth rate of 
FTE students ( that is, those who 
attend full-time plus those who 
attend part-time ) for UCSD in 
1963 at 800 per year. 

Thus the ratio of weighted FTE 
students to professors is sup-
posed to keep the growth of FTE 
faculty even with the growth of 
FTE students (and by exten.sion, 

continued on page 12 

Proposal to Close Scripps 
Beach Being Considered 

Jason Cathcart 
Staff Writer 

For several years now, a number of disturbed faculty members at 
Scripps Institute of Oceanography have voiced their concern over. the 
waves of inconsiderate surruner visitors who on several occasIOns 
have found it more convenient to change clothes in the elevators or 
offices. 

According to reports these visitors were not members of the 
academic community but wandering, sometimes curious, guests 
seeking restroorris or exhibits. Since f:he majority ?f these visitors 
were originally attracted to the beach ~Ithout restrictions or expo.s~e 
to the long lists of behavioral regulations and supplemental poliCies 
recently received, the campus administration has ~onsidered an in-
formal proposal for closing Scripps beach and opemng Blacks beach. 

However the process of moving life guard stations to Blacks beach 
and lifting the legal barriers with La Jolla Farms residents has been in 
the eyesight of Chancellor McGill "not an easy process as it sounds." 
Supposedly, Blacks beach was closed with posted signs preventing 
University liability. Those who scale down the ravines worn with paths 
have done so as trespassers and without the University 's sanction. 

Another student-faculty committee has been proposed to study the 
transferral. A transferral was suggested for next fall at the earliest. 
Chancellor McGill has viewed the possible transfer as a "substitution" 
and a rightful intrusion on numbers of indiscreet persons. Scripps 
faculty mem.bers have viewed this as a relief: 

graduate 
school with 

\, real teeth. 
Set your SIghts on th is ' The computer jndustry 
is only hfleen years old and already there 

I ;,:c;;;;;;;;m7:"o:: ;:;;-g=:;;;;;;;'~ 
Honeywell Insti tute of Inlormatlon Sclenc.. I I 2500 Ea.t Nutwood Ave , Full .. rton . Cal. 92631 (7t4) 870-0'20 is 15 billIon dollars worth of computer equ ip-

ment in use. 
By 1975. that wil l double, c reating more 

than 500.000 new computer- related lobs. 
Honeywell can prepare you for this bright 

future . You'lI be able to apply computer 
technology to your chosen fIeld . Or you can 
make a promiSing career as a computer 
specialist. 

We have the only program that's exclusively 
lor college graduates And because we make 
computer eqUIpment. we're partiCUlarly well· 
quallhed to teach you what computers ar 
all about. 

I 0 I would like add itional Inlt rmatlon on your I program 
I 0 I WOI Id like to arrange an .nterviftw I on _ ot _____ . 
I (date) (tim ) I Honeywe ll will call you 10 c)nlirm this 
I date and time. I Name · ___________ _ 
I College I Addru, 
I Phone. I Home Address -

~----~p~.--------~ 
Classes for the next sesSIon are forming The Other Computer ompany: 

right now. This could be your big chance. 
,-_p.o.u.nc. e_ on_ it •. S. e. n.d. t.he_ co. u. p.o.n •. __________ • ROIleywwt!l _____ .-1 

Triton Times May 1, 1970 Page 3 



• BaRest 
Reign 'of Terror 
(Editor ' s nole : The reviewer , Pet.r Olafioye, is a literature 
sludent at VeSD . He attended school in Nigeria where he met 
many modern African writers. What lollows is his impressions 01 a 
play " Kongi's Harvest" which analyros current political trends in 
Africa written by Wole Soyinka . The play is being made into a 
movie . called by some a black "Easv Rider .") 

"Kongi 's Harvest" is a satirical play of political trends 
in Africa today. The sardonic opening entitled "Hemlock" 
announces that all Afr~ca has taken a poison and has been 
confounded by it as the old order is disrupted. For 
example, Dr. Dwameh Nkrumah of Ghana was, at the 
time this play was written, at the apex of power, clamping 
fellow citizens into preventive detention camps without 
trial. Yet he was still the "Osagyefo" (the Savior) . 
Recently Dr .' MiIton Obote of Uganda banished King Sir 
Fredrick Kabaka Mutesa II of Buganda. Eventually when 
the king died in exile his dynasty died in Uganda. 

This reign of terror has seized Africa. Before the new 
Africa is washed clean it has to be cleansed by fire . The 
new leaders violate cultural taboos , for they seek to an-
nihilate the monarchies 'and their councils, which are the 
democratic and cultural solace of the people . 

Who sa ys there isn ' t plenty a w or d 
In a penny newspaper . .. 
Ism to ism for Ism is i sm 
Of isms and isms on abso lute· 
Ism .. . On ly a luna t i c will bandy words 
Wi th g overnment red i ffu sion set s . 

The high sounding "isms" are a hit at the intellectuals 
whose visions are merely abstractions. 'lbey are in love 
with their sounds and not with meaningful ideas. Their 
governments speak through rediffusion boxes (radios that 
only tune into the government station) to a people who 
cannot respond instantly to protest gimmicks of the in-
tellectuals. As a result there is no communication between 
the old and the new. In the play Kongl, the Prime Minister 
is representative of the new elite, posing as messiah who 
like Jesus Christ has gone through temptations. His secre-
tary, the Big Ear to his government lauded Konglas: 

. My leader. A Leader' s Temptation . Agony on the Moun. 
tains ... The loneliness of the pure •. . The Uneasy Head •.• A saint 
al Twilight • .. The Spirit 01 the Harvest ... The Face of Benevo· 
lence .•• and The Giver 01 Lile. 

Alas, such is the image of the untrue messiahs who, in 
order to attain political security for themselves and their 
visions assume different shades to deceive the com-
munity. This is equally true of any other part of the world. 

In the play, King Danlola is symbolic of tradition. He is 
the deputy of God on Earth. But this deputy of God has 
been detained on Earth, clamped into detention by the 
new order. At an agricultural show, the Yam Festival, 
celebrating plentitude, the king was forced to hand over 
the new Yam, symbolically transferring authority to the 

Locked in these fuel pellets, which 
contain uranium, is an incredible a mount 
of energy. 

12 year s. After all, even President and 
Mrs. Nixon live next door to a nuclear 
plant when they're at the "Western 
White House" in San Clemente. It 's less 
than 3 miles from San Onofre. 

leftist rebels led by Kongi. 'Ibe kingship Is under siege, 
and "Pound the king's Yaml Small as the spice lsI It 
cannot be swallowed whole." But the king is now 
"swallowed" despite the fact that he is a spice. 

Kongi, of course relished the mystification of his politi-
cal image. Excited by the eulogies of the "Women's 
Auxiliary Corps" and the "Carpenter's Brigade" the 
Prime Minister appraises his ego at suppressing political 
uprising in which the King lost his head and several others 
were hunted : 

The Spirit of Harvest has smitten the enemies of Kongi. The 
Juslice of earth has prevailed over traitors and conspirators • 
There is divine blelSing on the second Five Year Development 
Plan . The spirit of resurgence is cleansed in the blood 01 the 
nalion's enemies. my enemies. the enemies 01 our collective spirit, 
the Spirit 01 Planting, the Spirit of Harvest . • • 

On the surface, it would seem that Kongi is the spirit 
that assembles the harvest abundance for the community. 
But contrarily he, like politicians allows the world means 
to harvest the crop of the people's labor. Streets are 
named after him: there is Kongi's Stadium, Kongi's Uni-
versity, Kongi's Parliament, Kongi's Estate. 

The final section, the "Hangover" of this stimulating 
story reiterates that the poison from political madness 
will hang on. The new yam harvested by Kongi is a har-
vest of chaos and death because he has defiled the sanctity 
of the ceremony of continuity which the new yam should 
represent. He replaces it with the lust for power. The 
author feels , I think, there is no future for politics of 
material attrition in Africa. There is need for change, and 
the change is coming soon. The whole history of human 
beings is one piece and the one principle underlying it is 
the struggle for survival. In the pursuance of it, madness 
sets in. The only consistant thing is the war of the in-
dividual against others. Kongi typifies man's self 
glorification usually at the expense of others. But the 
deprived no not denounce man 's glorification, because 
they often appreciate man's greatness . The hangover 
from human struggles against one another will last till the 
end of time. But there is no suggestion of what man can do 
to alleviate his paradox. 

EUROPE 
Also Israel and Japan 

$230-295 R.T. From West Coast 
$199R.T. From East Coast 

E.S.E.P. 8217 Beverly Blvd., L.A 
(213) 651-3311 
E.S.E.P.-U.C.S:D. members only 

IS RELIGION AN ESCAPE 
.... OR A SOLUTION? 
Christian Science Org. 

Mondays 7:00 p.m. 
Informal Lounge 

6 wk. summer sessions. Univer 
sity of Granada (at Malaga). Six 
credits; $625 total. Write : Dr. 
E. D'Angelo, Univ. Bridgeport, 
Conn. 06606 Tel: (203) 372-4254 

For inst ance, one cubic foot of Uranium 
235 will generate more electrici ty than 
32 billion cubic fee t of n atural gas. 

At Edison, we've been u sing uranium 
fuel pellets Hke these fo r the past two 
years. The energy they release spins the 
giant t urbille that m~k es electricity at the 
San Onofre Nuclear G enerating Station. 

This peaceful use of the atom means a 
dependable source of low-cost electricity 
for our customers. It also means p rogre s 
wi thout adding to Southern California's 
environmental problems. With nuclear 
power plant , m aintaining clean air i 

In the years ahead, Edison will build 
more nuclear power units to meet the 
critical need for more electricity- now 
doub ling about every 8 years. Engineering 
and design work is underway now for 
two additional units at San Onofre. They 
are scheduled for commercial operation 
in 1976 and 1977. T hereafter , the only 
major generating facilities Edison will 
build in the South Coast Basin will be 
nuclear units. We make this commitment 
as part of our continuing efforts toward 

not a problem. Neither is radiation. No 
one has ever been injured by radiation 
from a n y commercial n uclear power 
plant in the nited States. And plants 
have b een operating fo r more tha n 

Page 4 Triton Times May 1,1970 

a clea ner, more attractive environment 
for everyone. 

To us, that 's important. 

Southern California Edison 
An Equal Opportunity Employer 

Bob Da~is Camera Shop 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 ray 459-7355 

• 

>j ! ~~-. 
~" : ' .' •• _~ ......... '\O:; 
~, -
"t;; :~~ ..... :. 

I':/~~ .. -:.:'. .' -- . $~ ... > , -'~ ' ~ .. ~' 

Eduardo Woods de Silva, MECHA 
member at UCSD. 

OUR POLICY STAND 

.Many people will wonder what this Third World segment is all about. It 
will.serve as an effort to present the news or: events which are of particu-
lar mterest to Third World students. As for where we stand it would be 
inconceivable to give specifics, for then it could turn out q~ite lengthy. 
We, therefore, offer a brief rundown of where we stand. 

This segment, and any fut!J.re Third World publication will serve as a 
journalistic attempt to portray the ideals of the Third World Liberation 

move~ent. It is dedicated to portraying the plight, needs, and wants of 
the Third World people both domestically and internationally. 

Althou~h the contributors consist of Blacks and Chicanos, we align our-
sel~es With the Third Worl~ struggle-oppressed people of all ethnic 

rac~al g~oups-and not the c,ultural-nationalist struggle. We feel cultural 
natlOnahsm to be very limiting in bringing radical revolutionary 
changes, and believe that it causes division between ethnic and racia l 
groups which are basically seeking the same change. 

However, we believe that cultural nationalism serves as the embryonic 
stage in which one gains self-dignity through pride in his culture. There-
fore, it is beneficial in gaining recognition of the oppression suffered at 
the hands of those institutions which delegate to an individual an inferior 
position in society. 

Wi.th this in .mind, we believe in the concept of class struggle, over the 
ethmc or raCial struggle. We feel that for one exclusive Third World 
group .to struggle for its self-benefit at the expense of others is hypocrisy, 
and wllilead to the defeat of attempts to institute beneficial progressive 
programs. We believe inALL POWER TO THE PEOPLE. 

-THIRD WORLD STAFF 

THIRD WORLD 

-'A.." . ....vA· ·. ~ .. ' .::::-~ . 

Triton Times May 1 1970 Pa ta 5 
":"<1 .1 bl'l\I.~H flltr I'll ~ 9 ~ 



EDITORIAL 
Traveling south on Interstate 5, taking the Crosby 

offramp, making a left turn on Logan Heights St.: as you 
exit the freeway you cannot neglect the stench of the 
tuna canneries. Two blocks south on Logan Heights, 
un?er an on .. ramp of the San Diego·Coronado Bay 
Bridge, you witness a people endeavor, the building of a 
park. 

This site has long been requested for use as a park 
where all the community could enjoy a sunny afternoon . 
Here children could play, old people could go and sit 
down, members of the community could , for a while, 
foret the neglected conditions in which they live. 

The lack of recreational facilities, of pleasant sites to 
counter dirty streets, the lack of trees and flowers would 
make the condit ions of the barrio seem almost un· 
changeable. A community that serves only as a 
reservation for factories and police departments, this is 
Logan Heights . 

For the past two years the Chicano community has 
unsuccessfully tried to have the City of San Diego bu ild a 
park for their use. Working with Leon Williams, City 
Councilman of Southeast San Diego, the proper channels 
have been exhausted . 

On Wednesday, Apr i l 16, the community got up in 
arms after lea!ning of the State of California's plan to 
turn the site intoa California Highway Patrol facility . A 
united effort by the community was made to protest this 
action . Chicanos from all educational levels broke in 
protest and took over the site. This action showed that 
the Third World people will no longer be compelled to 
follow policies of a system that has long denied them 
adequate pol it1cal representation and the respect they 
deserve. The intention to build a CHP facility in the 
community, we feel, serves to show how the oppressive 
system that exists wishes to control with an iron hand all 
the Third World communities.. A police agency in the 
barr io serves only to oppress and not " to protect and 
serve" the in terests of the community . 

The .. kind of protection offered to Third World com. 
munities serves to hold back the progress of its mem-
bers. It is a known fact that Chicano and Black com-
munities have proportionally more policemen patrolling 
the streets than white communities. It has been the 
policy of the oppressor to put a repressive force in the 
oppressed lands or colonies. Too many times the 
establishment conters its energy around maintaining, 
:'Iaw and order" in the barrios and ghettos and neglects 
Improvement of the communities. With more and more 
incidents I ike the Chicano park happening we feel that it 
will only be with the people helping themselves that the 
communties will improve. 

To improve the political, social and economic status of 
a people, the struggle should be taken up by the people 
affected . It will be these people that will make the 
necessary sacr ifices to improve themselves . Therefore 
Third WOI ld staff backs the action taken by" the Third 
World cor.1munity of Logan Heights in their efforts to 
build a ccmmunity park . 

CHIEFSOF STAFF 

Manu( I de Jesus Hernandez, Contributing Editor 
Aida Blan =o Jason Cathcart 
Marta Sal inas Rosalia Muhlback 
Patricia I':eyes Victoria Oelgadillo 
Dan Georgi Raoul Contreras 

The Third World segment is an effort by interested 
students in communicating items, events, and ideas of 
particular interest to the Third World . In its contents, 
the segment holds complete responsibility to the in-
dividuals producing it. The views expressed on pages 5-8 
do not reflect the views of the Tr iton Times staff or the 

s~udent body as a whole . 

Page 6 Triton Times May 1, 1970 

OPINION 
Chicana Expresses Views 
on Women IS Liberation 

By 
Victoria Delgadillo 

Evidently, the struggle for 
recognition in our time is not 
entirely the burden of the Chi-
callo, for within this concept of 
Third World the Chicana also 
strives for her position. She seeks 
only to be equal to her man, and 
not in any way to surpass him. 
The Anglo women have achieved 
this ; for the Chicanas it is a goal 
not very far out of reach. After 
attending the Chicano Confer-
ence held in Denver this month, 

in a separate designation com-
mittee, the Chicanas had many 
outstanding ideas to share. 

To begin with, the Chicanas 
want to emphasize that their defi-
nition of " woman's liberation" 

Fu nds Cutback 
Builds Elitism 

By 
AIda BlaDco 

Because of increasing demands 
for education by Third World 
peoples in the last few years 
universities and colleges 
throughout the United States 
have been forced to establish 
programs to aid these people's 
education. One such program is 
the Educational Opportunities 
Program. The State of california 

gives EOP funding to the State 
and Junior Colleges, but not to 
the University of California. 
Money for the University of 
california EOP students is raised 
by private corporations, com-
munities and the Regents. 

On February 20, 1970, tuition 
was passed for the University of 
California. Because funding for 
EOP has not been increased, all 
those students on EOP must take 
out loans to pay the tuition. Many 
middle class students will also 
have to resort to loans to pay for 
tuition. Entering EOP students 
will have debts of $3000 if they 
complete their higher education. 
This step is detrimental and a 
heavy blow for aspiring Blacks, 
Chicanos, and other minorities in 
their search for an education. 

Minority stUdents will now be 
faced with a decision : the 
University, which means a $3000 
debt, or a state or junior college. 
Starting next year, even state 
colleges will charge tuition. 

How many minority students 
will undertake an education that 
will indebt them $3000? If the 
student is under 21 the final 
decision will not rest on him, but 
on his family which has to clHlign 
the loan. Again , how many 
parents in the barrio, ghetto, or 
reservation will sign a loan that 
will indebt them $3000 so that 
their children will get a 
University of California 
education? 

By raising tuition and not 
adding EOP funds, Reagan and 
the Regents are forcing , in a 
underhanded way, minority 
students off the University of 
california campuses onto the 
state and junior colleges. Of the 
three systems, the only one that 
has increased the EOP funding is 
the junior colleges. This increase 
is only natural, and should also be 
done at the state college and 
university le~el : otherwise, we 
have an elitist educational 

should not be confused with that 
precocious form mobilized by the 
Anglo women. That is to say that 
the Chicana is barely in her first 
stage of self-recognition. How-
ever, it is understood that the 
oppression in Brown and White 
women is basically the same, for 
they both have men as barriers 
and are both told to stay in their 
places. Yet, it is safe to say that 
the American woman is exceed-
ingly far ahead. 

In addition many Chicanas do 
not altogether agree with the 
extensively used term " libera-
tion," for the Chicano man is also 

By 
Eberardo S. Hel'lUlJldez 

"Political frontiers never suc-
ceed in dividing human masses 
with the same problem •.•. " 

--Ricardo Rojo 
A comparatively new 

movement has arisen on college 
and university campuses; this 
movement is referred to as the 
Third World Liberation ¥ront, or 
TWLF. And with the advent of the 
TWLF movement many 
questions have arisen concerning 
its purpose, philosophy and its 
implications on the American 
social structure. 

A general view of the domestic 
Third World Liberation Front 
and the international Third World 
movement is here offered to 
answer these questions. 

The purpose of the movement 
is quite obvious to its advocates : 
an end to the political, economic 
and social oppression lof Third 
World peoples by those politica! 
institutions - both domestic an~ 
international bent on relegating . 
minority peoples to an inferior 
position in their proper society. 

(It should be stated here that, 
although the TWLF has generally 
been considered a student 
movement, it is moderately 
filtering out to the Third World 
communities and will, from all 
indications, mobilize the con-
stituents there.) 

The TWLF is a positive 
movement, because it unites 
many ethnic and racial groups in 
a common struggle against a 
common oppressor. 
For AU Oppressed People 

In the United States the TWLF 
is comprised of Chicanos, Blacks, 

system where the minorities are 
kept from attending the · 
University of california. 

An elitist educational system 
will not serve the minorities in 
their need for a progressive 
radical change, a change that 
will improve the political, social , 
and economic conditions that 
exist now in the barrio, ghetto, 
reservations, etc . The . current 
issue of the Chicano Park in 
Logan Heights should demon-
strate to all of us once again the 
lack of real political represen-
tation in minority area . 

Today a SOCiety should take it 
upon itself to improve those 
conditions that surround it. 
Because of their ties with their 
communities, the minority 
students now attending the 
university will be the ones to 
return to the communities to 
improve them. If these students 

unlimitly oppressed. She is 
mainly concerned with working 
side-by-side, on an equal basis 
with the Chicano man, thereby 
finding ultimately their goals to-
gether in the struggle. 

Finally, in order ~ find her 
best role in the struggle, she must 
first of all be equal to her man, 
then she can help in the home by 
raising her children. and from 
there expand her vast possibili-
ties. In the end, the Chicana can 
look forward to gratification, for 
if the woman is to succeed, she 
has to struggle for recognition of 
her achievements . 

T HI R 0 
Latinos, Native-Americans 
(Indians), Orientals and those 
Anglos who, by their social, 
economic or political status, are 
second-class citizens. 

Internationally, the Third 
World is comprised of those 
nations owing no allegiance to, or 
who do not fall under the 
jurisdiction of either ' the so-
called Eastern Block nations (the 
first world) or the Western 
Powers (the second world). 

Latin America, Africa and Asia 
are generally considered the 
continents which comprise the 
Third World. The nations within 
these continents have suffered 
the wrath of colonialism and neo-
colonialism, and economic and 
social exploitation by either, or 
both, of the first two worlds. 

Despite geographic ex-
tremities, Third World nations 
are confronted with oppression 
and exploitation either by one or 
both of the first two worlds . For 
example, the exploitative tactics 
of the United Fruit Company in 
Guatemala can be com-
pared-although the ·" economic, 
social and political status of the 
nations differ - with those of 
England's policy of oil ex-
plOitation in Nigeria. 
Third World Ideology 

The political ideology of Third 
World nations is quite diver· 

. sified; in most cases, however, 
the Third World groups follow a 
political Left stance ranging 

are not allowed to study, the 
communities will continue in the 
hands of. white businessmen and 
politicians who are incapable of 
bettering the existing conditions: 

Education is one of the keys to 
change, and it is becoming in-
creasingly harder for minority 
students to get an adequate 
education. Reagan has almost 
closed the University of 
California to minorities. How 
long will it be before the minority 
student finds that the State and 
junior colleges are also closed? 

The minority student is once 
again being channeled into the 
junior college so that he will 
become a mechanic or a 
secretary. This way, the minority 
communities will not be able to 
produce their own leaders. They 
will continue to have no power 
over thei r own communities . 

" We are living, and we are not afraid of dying; we are creating, and we 
are not afraid of destroying; we are trying to get it together. and we are 
not afraid of tearing it apart." 

- Alurista-

Students Start Nursery to 
Alleviate Language ' Barrier " 

By 
Rosalia Muhlback 

The way to progress is through 
the gateway of education and 
knowledge. However, the. Mexi-
can-American child is often 
defeated in this comparative 
society before he starts. Children 
coming from Spanish speaking 
homes without command of the 
English language find them-
selves lost in kindergarten . 

Because of the language 
barrier these children are har-
med by the kindergarten exper-
ience. They find themselves in a 
chaotic situation where the tea-
cher does not utter the familiar 
sounds of Spanish. The other 
children trea t the Spanish 
speaking child as an abnormal 
phenomenon because they do not 
communicate. 

from liberal to Communist and· 
are militant in political action : 
guerrillas , student activists and 
labor leaders and workers . 
Savage Materialistic ' 
CompetitioD 

Domestically, the Third World 
Liberation Front is struggling for 
liberation from racism, ex-
ploitation, political and economic 
impotence. 

Savage materialistic com-
petition has probably been the 
most significant tactic used in 
relegating Third World peoples in 
the United States to a second 
class status. Throughout history, 
this nation has managed to 
maintain a minority of people in 
power at the expense of the 
masses. Thus, by necessity, the 
Third World Liberation Front has 
adopted the concept of class 
struggle rather than ethnic or 
racial struggle. 

In essence, the Third World 
ideology is an extension of 
cultural-nationalism. This means 
that Chicanism, Black 
nationalism and other fonns of 
ethnicl racial nationalism take a 
secondary role in the TWLF in 
favor of a united front of ethnic 
and racial groups struggling for 
liberation from the common 
oppressor, the United States 
Government and its agencies. 

Growing awareness of these 
realities has prompted a group of 
students to begin a nursery for 
Chicano children on the UCSD 
campus. 

The goals of the nursery 
program are to break down the 
language barrier and to over-
come the children's fear of the 
new environment, by helping 
them coordinate the two 
languages . 

Saturday, April 24, was the 
third session .of the nursery. The 
children are brought together 
Saturdays from 9 a.m. to high 
noon. The facilities used are 
those of the day school which is 
under the direction of Dr. Bill 
Wilde . 

The students devoting their 
time to this program are volun-

This should not be interpreted 
as a movement of anti-culturists. 
Rather, Third World advocates 
accept cultural diversities, but 
choose the TW coalition because 
of the realization (after years of 
individual"- ethnicl racial at-
tempts to become first class 
citizens) that nationalism is 
restrictive and at times 
prejudicial towards other 
minority groups . More im-
portantly, though is its 
significance in quelling the 
American Empire's divide and 
conquer tactics . . 

The question of tactics to be 
utilized to accomplish an end to 
Third World peoole's oooression ' 
at the hands of the first two· 
worlds is quite obvious. 

J?eaceful change is desired by 
those in the Third World 
movement, but the so-called 
Establishment dictates what type 
of mobilization will be taken by 
the TWLF to accomplish the 
needed revolutionary changes. 
Violence for violence's sake is not 
an inherent trait of the TW 
movement. 

However, as the establishment 
moves farther over to the 
political Right, so the TWLF will 
adopt counter-defensive and 
offensive mobilizations to quell 
the tide oi the fascistic state. 

Thus, the Third World 
movement is international in 
scope rather than national. In its 
ranks are a number of ethnic and 
racial groups striving for com-
plete liberation from those 
goverrunent institutions-whe-
ther national or interna-
tional-exploiting them politi-
cally, socially and economically. 

teers. Susana Halfon, a stUdent at 
UCSD, suggested the plan and it 
has been well accepted. All those 
interested in participating can 
contact Susana Halfon , Bill 
Mieste, Kathy Kitch , Javier 
Correa, Sheila Merrill or Rosalia 
Muhlbach, at 453-2000, ext. 2101. 

One goal is to help establish a 
better communication and 
through that hoping to reach an 
understanding. 

Concerned Mothers 

The children that are attending 
the Saturday nursery for Chi-
canos are the sons and daughters 

. of a group of concerned mothers. 
These mothers have formed an 
organization called Programa al 
Progreso. The organization 
meets every third Tuesday of the 
month at 8 o'clock at Prince 
Chapel A.M .E. Church in La 
Jolla . 

Some of their reasons for 
uniting are to establish a system 
of communication with the Eng-
lish speaking society, to study 
and learn how they can benefit 
and contribute to the betterment 
of society. In the meeting held 
Tuesday April 21, the period was 
devoted to learning about and 
discussing the Planned Parent-
hood Program. The organization 
was introduced by Mrs. Josie 
Foulks, an active community 
member. 

OrgBDizatloD of the 
InterraclaJ RelatioDS 

Rev. Mr. Lonnie Wormley of 
7517 Cuvier St., La Jolla, is direc-
tor "of a non-profit organization 
dedicated to improving the quali-
ties of interracial relations," 
called SOFA. 

For the third consequtive 
summer, SOFA will sponser a 
program for the minority chil-
dren in the downtown La Jolla 
area. The program will involve 65 
children of all ages in activities. 
When possible the activities will 
be coordinated with the pro-
grams of the YMCA, churches 
and parks and recreation depart-
ment. Teachers and assistants 
for the activities must be found to 
take the program off paper and 
'put it into action . Anyone with a 
desire to work with young people 
should contact Rev. Wormley. 
The YMCA is making its staff and 
facilities available to SOFA and 
helping with the budget. Other 
agencies making facilities avail-

. able are The Bishop's School, the 
• Parks and Recreation Depart-
ment, various churches and 
UCSD. 

Cbicano COllm·unit, to Build Pari 
By 

Patrlcla Reyes 

A movement for the construction of a Chicano 
park was initiated on April 22, 1970, when Chicano 
students of all ages participated in a collective 
w:alkout from local schools and universities. They 
directed themselves to the Logan Heights area 
where they assembled in a mass demonstration 

ag~inst the community police station presently 
being built on the corner of Logan and Dewey. 
"Chicanos In, Pigs Out," was chanted as the 
number of picketers increased. Parents, priests, 
and community leaders all joined in a co-operative 
effort to replace the cold-looking and unwanted 
POlice station with a park. 

petitions that have been signed, the State has an-
swered b~ building a Highway Patrol sub-station. It 
would have been the first sub-station built within 
any San Diego community area. It is obvious that in 
this system a moneyless community is a powerless 
community. The Chicano community represents no 
business interests, no government contracts, no 
political payoffs ; therefore it doesn 't warrant a 
park . . 

Distressed by the refusal of the city government 
to purchase the state-owned property for the con-
struction of a community park, the Chicanos have 
united and taken it upon themselves to fulfill this 
basic need. With a few picks, shovels, rakes, hoes, 
and their own hands, Chicanos cleared the land and 
planted flowers, trees, and grass to begin land-
scaping their own park. 

The need for a park has become increasingly 
eVIdent with the construction of another freeway 
and bridge which once again have cut the heart of 
the community In half. The people need an area of 
congregation to negate the effects of this 
sep!lration. With the re-zoning of Logan Heights into 
an lndustrlal area, the streets have become unsafe 
for children to play in. Besides providing a 
playground for the children, the park would also 
beautify the community torn by " progress. II 

The efforts of community leaders to have the City 
of San Diego and State of california deal with the 
needs of the Chicano community have been in vain . 
In spite of the letters that have been written and the 

Despite many hardships the Chicanos of San 
Diego are donating and collecting money to buy the 
necessary supplies needed to construct a park. The 
financial success of the "Save the Torrey Pines" 
movement has proved that there are people in San 
Diego who are concerned about the ecology of the 
city. We urge you to extend your efforts for 
preservation beyond your neighborhood boundaries 
and donate for the development of the Chicano 
Park. 

Eden Gardens Helps 'fsel' 
By 

Marta Salinas 

For the past several weeks a group of Chicano high school students 
have been organizing a teen post to be built in the community of Eden 
Gardens. The main spokesman for the Chicano group is 17-year-old 
Terry Aspeytia, a junior at San Dieguito High School. The vice-princi-
pal of San Dieguito has been helping the group as advisor . 

According to Aspeytia the need for a teen post or some type of 
recreation center has existed for a long time. Because there is no place 
for the you~ of Eden Gardens to go, there are constant complaints of 
loitering and disturbing the peace as "early as 9 or 10 p.m.," Terry 
was quoted as saying. A teen post would provide a "place for these 
students to gather in the evenings and on Saturdays and Sundays. " 
The "teen post would be beneficial not only to the youth but to the 
community at large. " 

While it is a group of Chicano students who are proposing that a teen 
post be built in Eden Gardens it will also serve the entire communities 
of Solana Beach, Del Mar, Leucadia, Cardiff, Encinitas and Rancho 
Santa Fe. 

The first thing the group did was to pass around a petition which 700 
students signed affirming a need and a desire to have a teen post. The 
next step will be to acquire support from the adult population of these 
communities in a similar way. An open meeting is also being 
scheduled for May 4, at 7:30 p.m. in the San Dieguito High School audi-
torium. Letters have been addressed to various educators , ministers 
and community leaders but the meeting is open to all students, 
parents, and other interested persons. Anyone who would like to lend 
his support and aid may contact Mr. Kozlow at San Dieguito High 
School. 

The community of Eden Gardens, which lies just six miles north of 
UCSD, is a Chicano barrio. According to the Chicanos who live there, 
one finds all the typical injustices and activities of any other barrio but 
unfortunately most people, including San Diego Chicanos, are not even 
aware that a problem does exist in Eden Gardens. The teen post 
organizers request support from UCSD in this project. 

Give Mom a ~ early. 
And make Mother's Day last longer. 
Call or visit an FTD florist today. And 
order a BigHug Bouquet to arrive 
early. He'll send it across the street. 
Or country. A special arrangement. 
For a very special mother. Yours. 

Usually dvailabl<t S12 50 
at less than _ 

The FTD ~ bouquet. 
-As .n Independent businenm4n, ucla flO Membu Florist sr:ls his own prictJ. 

GULLS NEST PUB 
PRESENTS 

TUESDAyS .... 
MEXICM DillER 
two enchiladas 
beans and rice 60~ 
beer 35 ~ 
6:00 to 10:00 p.m. 

WEDNESDAyS .... 
FOLK SINGERS "HOOT" .. IGHT 
bring your guitar, banjo, etc. 
8:00 p.m. 

THURSDAyS .... 
SPORTS, FIGHTS. AND OLD TIM~ jlLMS 
7:30 p.m. 

FRIDAyS .... 
HAPPY HOUR .. DRI .. K-I .... 
hosted by Robert L. Collins 
KCBQ disc jockey 
hot hors d'ouvres free 
drinks 50~ 
5:30-8:30 p.m. 

SATUR AY 
"LIVE TURTlE RACES" 
enter your own turtle 
8:00 p.m. 

3595 SPORTS ARENA DRIVE 
SAN DIEGO 

Triton Times May 1, 1970 Page 7 



Inf) atory Rates 
AffJct Community 

THIRD WORLD Classes 
Offered on Campus 

By 
Jason Cathcart 

A fundamental need for Third 
World financial consolidation on 
national and state levels in· 
creases urgenUy each day. With 
infl,Uonary rates soaring in 

. gigantic proportions , Third 
World citizens may attribute 
themselves to waves of unem· 
ployment in California , an 
estimated 400,000 for the next 
year. Because Third World 
citizens are generally the- last 
ones hired and the first ones 
fired, they need not reduce 
themselves to third class 
citizenship ' or quasi·serfdom 
states by refusing to pool their 

AFRICAN ART MASK 
nickels a nd dimes a ga inst 
spiraling trends of inflation. 

Na tio na lly, Third World 
citizens own little land, and 
practically none which they can 
rely upon to produce essential 
needs for any number of citizens. 
Divided in numerous ways, they 
find themselves depending upon 
federal support, which may not 
a lways continue to lend 
assistance. Proposals are being 
conside red by the federal 
government to level all welfare 
recepient allocations to $1600 a 
year . To live on 5134 a month 
becomes extrem ely difficult for 
dependent families, even with the 
$6 allotments for each additional 
child. Very few family homes are 
available in California at this 
rate . 

For the estimated 20 to 30 
million Black Americans alone, 
an annual fi nancial merger 
would surpass the national 
Canadian incom e. With such an 
assesment Bla c k Americans 
could establish an independent 
nondiscrimina tory econom ic 
system erasing the many menial 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

TI e. - Fr i. 
9::'0 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed SUII. 8. Men. 

213 - 8328 

Are you-travelling '0 
'EUROPE 

• Boolongs orl now be ing accepted for 
any af ,h. 3000 Inlto-Europ.on studenl 
,harte, fI 'ghl. Ihrough Ih. Educational 
SlIId"", h<h_" " .. '0 .... 801 Wo_ 
.ide Rd .. Redwood City. 0,1211 10_· 
Iy ".d .. L,. """ ..... Fa, the booic 
" .1"'9 all fllghl' and application form. 
fer 'light, and the Int.,notlonaf Student 
Idenlily Cord. pl.o •• forward S l.ooplu. 
75< for p""toge and hondUng 

and sychophantic positions they 
have come to inherit within this 
capitalist structW'E! . 
~ An amazing nwnber of Third 
World citizens feel a direct attack 
whenever recently instituted 
programs suffer financial cut· 
backs or complete withdrawals. 
Whether or not personal 
repression was intended, it ap· 
pears only evident that when a 
federal government has the 
power to initiate and fund a 
program, be it token or sincere, 
the same power may wield the 
program without any necessary 
moral bindings. For the most 
part all Third World programs 
are temporary when autonomy is 
absent. Within the various Third 
World programs the final 
decisions are not group products 
but usually the Singular 
responses of financial backers. 
Considering the priority which 
Third World programs receive , it 
is not amazing to see anyone 
program dissolving and hear 
rumors of others in similar 
plights. 

In the County of San Diego as of 
December 1969, the number of 
welfare recepients rests at 50,338. 
29.7 per cent are Third World 
ci tizens . Although this nwnber 
fluc tuates the dominant 
population trend indicates an 
increase of unemployment. In a 
natiomJ reflection , Republican 
House Representative Ge rald 
Ford states "The chance of any 
recession as far a s the future is 
concerned is nil. " 

To provide for the 2.7 average 
number of welfare children from 
dependent families , there is an 
average of $67.70. For Third 
World families receiving general 
relief with usually one parent 
missing in the home and one or 
less children , $75 .62 is the 
a verage monthly allowance . 

As a part of the 1,550,000 
population of San Diego County, 
Third World citizens cannot 
afford to ignore their numerical 
minority. Southeast San Diego 
alone consists of 81,821 people , an 
increase of 22.7 per cent over a 
1960 census. To residents of 
Southeast San Diego, there are 
23 ,444 total types of housing units . 
Increases are small. 

Living mosUy in concentrated 
areas, Third World citizens fail to 
initiate self beneficial en· 
terprises . The businesses which 
appear Third World enterprises 
usually number in small liquor , 
record and food s tores, which 
opera te at exorbitant prices that 
mainly benefit outside residents. 
Citizens complain of the prices, 
but usually succwnb themselves 
with complaints. In the long run , 
the damage is much worse , for 
the quality of food in the stores 
a re no t generally healthful. 
Preser vative , retardents and 
other chemicals pollute the food . 

Financial sanctions from the 
federal government are being 
encouraged in Watts after a 
cessation following the 1965 riots . 

~ost funds come in terms of high 
mterest loans. Increasing taxes 
and competition a lways check 
young Thir-d World businesses 
mosUy because they operat~ 
from an initial debt. Profits are 
~I) :'Imlill in beginning years that 

THE WORLD OF GLAMOUR 
Sell the prestigious Viviane 

Woodard cos metics. 
Earn from $4 to $12 per hour. 

We train you . 
459-3684 

By 
MRnuel de Jesus Hernandez 

As the Third World Liberation 
movement has reached UCSD, so 
have related classes that are 
being offered. They are held 
every Thursday at 2:30 p.m. in 
the 9th floor seminar room of the 
11 story building, Muir residence 
halls. They are being taught by 
Sam Jordan, a BSC member and 
a graduate student with a 
Bachelors degree in English. The 
classes are open to all Third 
World students attending the 
campus, as well as members of 
the Third World community. 

Internationally, the Thirci 
World is composed of those 
nations owing no allegiance to, or 
who do not fall under the 
jurisdiction of either the so-called 

. Eastern Block nations (first 
world) or the Western Powers 
( the second world'). 

Latin America , Mrica and Asia 
are generally considered the 
continents which comprise the 
Third World . The nation within 
these continents have suffered 
the woes of colonialism and neo-
colonialism, economic and social 
exploitation by either , or both, of 
the first two worlds . 
Third World Verson in U.S. 

Although the versions vary, 
generally, in the United States 
the Third World is comprised of 
Blacks , Chicanos, Latinos, 
Native-American, Orientals and 
those Anglos who by their social, 

Would you like an op· 
portunity to improve 
your grades in specific 
courses? Call 453-
EDNA . 

businesses must reinvest their 
profits to maintain stability. A 
Third World business con· 
so.lidation would encourage and 
protect small businesses. 

Unfortunately , most Third 
World citizens work in outlying 
communities. These com· 
munities demand taxes which 
build only themselves . Because 
of lacking unity, Third "'orld 
citizens retW'n to their unat· 
tractive neighborhoods without 
substantial incentive to make 
alterations. A lack of incentive 
reflects a nescience of in· 
flationary trends. Some citizens 
persist in ignoring the fact that 
inflation is aiming foremost at 
them, even though they have the 
most and perhaps all to lose. If 
economical power is to come 
from Third World communities, 
it must surge from individuals 
who place equal amounts of trust 
in fellow Third World members. 

Economic and social obstacles 
are always more difficult to 
overcome in reality than in 
words. While Third World 
remains economically divided, 
its citizens cling to tho.se jobs 
they presently possess, which 
they are " taught" to obtain 
without considering their own 
collective potentialities and in· 
tellectual resources . It would 
seem that social injusti<:es would 
unite Third World on various 
levels ; unluckily the separations 
increase. 

In a sense, Third World sleeps 
beneath an impending economic 
disaster . If market prices con· 
tinue ' to increase and welfare 
recipients are levelled to $1600 
annual allowance, who is to feel 
the weight? 

FLIGHTS "'f} 
LARGEST SELECTION: TO & WITHIN EUROPE; AFRICA, ASIA, 
SOVIET UNION. SPRING-SUMMER STILL OPEN. ALL OTHER 
TICKETS, TOO. OLDEST ACADEMIC A$OC.: EAs:, 3Z3 N. 
BEVERLY DR. , BEVERLY HILLS, CALIF. 90Z10. (ZI3) 276-6293 

Page 8 Triton Times May 1, ;970 

economic, or political status, are 
second·class citizens. The 
respective ethnic communities in 
the U.S. which are considered 
Third World colonies are 
evidence of the treatment Third 
World people receive . 

When asked why the classes 
were needed, Mr. Jordan replied, 
"in the past there has not been 
much exchange of Third World 
ideas," Theredore, the Third 
World members have been 
unable to work together in 
common issues, except for the 
fonnatio.n of the Third college, 
whose nature at the present is 
questionable . 

The classes will strive to 
develop a specific Third World 
psychological and material 
perspective of all oppressed 
people, which will be expanded to 
international proleterianism, 
then to the ~aned "new man." 
The perspective shall serve to 
improve communication both on 
the campus and in the Third 
World communities : the ghettos 
and the barrios. 

Brother Jordan stated that he 
wanted the Third World 
philosophy to represent more _ 
than " just tolerence on campus" 
between its members . When 
asked whether the Third World 
philosophy on campus contained 
negative aspects , Mr. Jordan 
replied, " not negative, the poor 
relationship between Third World 
people on the campus has been 
due to a lack of awareness in 
what the Third World 

represents ." It is hoped that by' 
building an awareness, a com· 
mon plane for struggle will ~ 
reached. Subsequently, Third 
World members will work 
together in their struggle for self· 
detennlnation, both on campus 
and In the community. 

Desired Results 

It is hoped that the courses will 
"stimulate further inquiring 
political initiative in all of the 
Third World, along with a strong 
sense of solidarity," according to 
Jordan. This will mean an im· 
provement in the political, social, 
and economical status of all 
Third World communities. 

An example where Third World 
unity was successful was in a 
New York garment strike in 1967. 
Most of the workers were Blacks 
and Puerto Ricans. According to 
Mr. Jordan, not only did the 
Third World members have to 
strike for a guaranteed rninimwn 
wage and better working con· 
ditions, they also had to fight 
against the bureaucratic 
leadership that represented the 
union. New leadership was 
elected, old union contracts 
dissolved, and rank and file 
referendwn was established. 

Throughout the strike, unio.n 
members had Third World 
political education classes, and , 
for the first time, members of the 
Third World, who long had been 
kept apart, were brought close 
together in a common struggle. 

Eoe Board fires Williams 
By 

Jason Cathcart 
Th Board of Directors of the 

San Diego Economic Opportunity ' 
Commission has recently fired 
Clarence Williams, its Executive 
Director. 

Williams was suspended 
December 1 for holding a press 
conference without the approval 
of board members, and sending 
secret statements to EOC state 
officials. . 

A vote was taken two weeks 
ago relieving Williams. Since 
then he has hired attorney Ed· 
ward Huntington to injunction the 
EOC Board members for failing 
to submit during the impeach. 
ment procedure 1) written state· 
ments from agencies repre· 
sented, and 2) proof that several 
board members ' terms were not 
expired. 

Kenny Dertmon, a board memo 
ber, has voiced his support of reo 
instating Williams, along with 
two hundred o.thers who showed 
up at a recent press conference. 
James Brown, President of 
Logan Heights Industrial Enter· 
prises, says his firm has offered 
funds to assist Williams. 

Williams told press members 
of the Voice News and Viewpoint 
Newspaper that his greatest 
opposition has come from Blacks 
in San Diego, unlike the White 
power structure he fought 
against in Galveston, Texas. 

The staff of the EOC traveled to 
Sacramento two weeks ago to put 
the matter before Governor Rea· 
gan, Williams said that the staff 
was working as a unit for the first 
time and that was an accomplish-
ment in itself. 

Having been accused of 
receiving "kickbacks," Williams 
cited several examples of memo 
bers of the Community Action 
Council who were receiving $913 
a month. 

The EOC was established in 
1966 as a Third World tool to com· 
bat the war on poverty. As a 
federally funded program, it also 
has considerable potential and 
influence to help Third World 
communities promote economic 
and social development. 

Urban League Considers 
George Stevens 
In the past, the Urban League, 

a federally funded project has 
attempted to remove legally the 
discrimination barriers for Third 
World citizens in areas of hOusing 
and job hiring. Since 30 per cent 
of San Diego County 's welfare 
recipients as of January 1970, 
have been Third World citizens, 
the Urban League's financial and 
political power has had major 
Third World importance. 

According to the nwnber of 
letters that have recenUy poured 
into San Diego's branch of the 
Urban League, George Stevens 
appeared as the strongest candi· 
date to fill the organization's 
highest position of Executive 
Director. 

The Board of Directors has 
temporarily appointed Fred 
Patterson as acting Executive 
Director. An undisclosed date for 
May has been set to decide who is 
to fill the vacant position . 

Newsbriefs 
The Civil Rights Commissio.n 

Urged Congress to pass laws 
aimed at halting what it called 
"wide spread patterns of police 
misconduct" against Mexican· 
Americans in the Southwest. A 
135-page study reported finding a 
"black picture of the relationship 
between Mexican·Americans and 
the agencies which administer 
justice." 

• • • 

An armed anti-Castro group 
recently made an arson attack on 
a leftist headquarters causing a 
damage of about $35,000. The 
structure, called the Haymarket, 
was virtually burned to the 
ground. The incident followed 
after nwnerous threats had been 
received by the center from 
callers that objected to the cen· 
ter's regular presentation of 
films deplcting the lives of Fidel 
Castro and the late Che Guevera. 
The arsonists alao maced the 
persons present lnaide the center. 

Opinions ex!,r~ssed on this page are those of the writers and do not necessarily 
reflect 'he op,n,on 0' the TRITON TIMES. Every opinion contribution sllould 
include the name and address 0' the writer . Name will be withheld on request . 
The TR ITON TIMES reserves the right to edit 'or libel law and spaee 
requirements. Send contributions to TR ITON TIMES. 117 Blake Hall. UCSC . 

Free Market, Doesn't 
Apply to Environment. 

SleN SchlllJss 
The contribution of economics Profs. Ruff and Orr to your en· 

vironment issue is of doubtful value except to show the irrelevance of 
traditional economics to social and ecological problems. This stub-
bornly obsolete form of economics treats things only in terms of an 
artificial system of prices which breaks down when faced with the 
overwhebning pollution problems it's helped create, 

Ruff and Orr apparently believe we exist in a "free" market state 
where the pricing system unfortunately doesn't apply to air or running 
water, since they are no one's private property. They fail to mention 
that it doesn't apply all that well to wilderness land up for speculation, 
either, but they do suggest that individuals be somehow forced to pay 
more money to pollute such common properties as air, and water , and 
that the resulting decrease in demand for polluting products like cars 
would be automatically communicated to receptive Big Business . 

What they fail to realize is that it takes a full-time consumer· 
detective with friends in all the right bureaucracies to know which 
products, other than obvious ones like cars , cause the most en· 
vironmental damage. For instance, the names of. the top ten air· 
polluting corporations in California, according to a state board, are 
not made public . Collective solutions to pollution problems,like mass· 
transit, can't be paid for in advance by a hypothetical demand by 
individuals who now have no choice but to drive cars. 

This idea that our economy allows individuals free choice between 
desirable alternatives of conswnption is a myth. Industry 's ad-
vertising pollutes the judgement of our government a s well as our· 
selves. OW' most powerful institutions get very paranoid when 
threatened with such things as a ban on DDT, diversion of highway 
funds, a moratorium on oil-rlrilling or just the mention of population 
control. Under the present system individuals may end up paying for 
pollution caused by the manufacture and operation of the junk they 
buy, but after seeing what happened to the proposed ban on internal 
combustion engines, after closed meetings between the state Senate 
Transportation Committee and Detroit's public relations men, how 
easy do Ruff and Orr think it will be to get industry to pay for " their 
share" of pollution, other than the token penalties they infrequenUy 
pay now? 

And even if everyone "pays," what are we paying? Money, to 
provide more tecbnology whlch by its very existence pollutes. A clean 
environment is the goal of those who, like the Na~ajo , want to live on 
the earth leaving as little possible trace of their passing for future 
generations, instead of death-defying ego-monuments on a sterile 
planet. To Ruff and Orr this is all " romanic twaddle" - somehow, to 
clean the earth is equated with conswnlng too much iodine - but to. 
those who still view the conservation movement from the outside, 
traditional economists, Nixon, Hickel, Reagan and other capitalists 
are only trying to rip off its real,liberating potential. 

The Triton Times encourages the use of its editorial 
. pages as a forum for the university community. COL· 
UMNS will be chosen by the Editorial department on the 
basis of their interest, importance, or entertainment 
va lue to the university com munity. Please be as concise 
as possible; do not exceed 1000 words. We reserve the 
right to edit for space or libel considerations unless 
specifically indicated otherwise. 

-- -- -~-

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Isla Vista 'Peace' 
Editor: 

As witnesses to much of what 
went on in Isla Vista this past 
weekend. we strongly object to 
Bill Alaoglu's article-specific-
ally his labeling of "frlembers of 
the Santa Barbara Police 
Department and of the County 
Sheriff 's Department as " peace 
officers. " We feel that it is mis· 
leading to so label a group of 
people , one of whose members 
allegedly killed one student and 
who are collectively responsible 
for shooting and teargassing 
many others . Also, it is contra-
dictory to conclude that "an 
uneasy peace returned to the Isla 
Vista Community," and then , in 
the same sentence, state that 
there are "no reports of reduced 
police activity. " 

This reflects a disturbing tr~nd 
in much of the press to legitimize 
police violence. We witnessed 
several illegal police acts, in· 
cluding the teargassing of a 
relatively peaceful gathering ten 

minutes before curfew and 
without issuing any warning or 
dispersal order. Referring to the 
police as " peace officers" is no 
more objective than calling them 
pigs, although from what we saw, 
the latter label is more accurate . 
We feel that a real step toward 
peace (real peace, not r epressive 
silence) will come to Isla Vista 
when all parties are treated 
fairly and objectively by the 
press. 

Jim Starke 
Gary Schneiderman 

For Ecology Action 
Editor : 

[n Friday's letter to the editor 
column Karl Keating expressed a 
desire to " clean up the air, sea, 
and land ." Mr. Kea ting. 
however . criticizes the rhetOriC 
and "ineffective words " of those 
who are presently engaged in the 
fight against pollution and the 
destruction of our environment. 
He calls for "effective action" 
and the creation of " en· 

'Clean Air Should Be Property' 

It is characteristic of our cultW'e that as 
soon as environmental pollution becomes a 
problem people should start demanding 
government action. We suffer from the 
persistent illusion that the state is superior to 
the individual, both in the judgment needed to 
organize action and in the resources needed to 
carry It out. Being an anarchist, I disagree 
with both of these ideas. The state has made 
itself conspicuous thro.ughout history by its 
tendency to use inadequate means for solving 
problems, to overlook the real problems, and 
to strangle the individual diversity which 
might evolve better methods-which is the 
inevitable outcome of authoritarian and 
monopolistic social organization. FW'ther, the 
state has no resources of Its own; everything 
it has was stolen from individual "citizens" 
("slaves" would be more honest), and would 
still be available were there no state at all. It 
is ridiculous to expect any effective antl· 
pollution action from the state; most pollution 
is caUMd by It, directly or through special 

immunities given to its subsidiaries. If we 
want an effective solution, it must be based on 
the voluntary association of individuals for 
mutual aid, with coercion limited to getting 
repayment for demonstrable damage . 

Drs. Orr and Ruff have seen the basic 
principle: clean air should be property, and 
the damage is caused by the fact that it is not. 
But most of the difficulties they see are 
unreal; and their conclusion that protection of 
individuals requires collective action is in· 
correct. As Ludwig von Mises has shown in 
"Socialism," such action can never be effec· 
tive, because it doesn't get the feedback that. 
voluntary organizations get. The defense of 
individual rights should be the function of 
private organizations, from local detective 
agencies to insurance companies to the Black 
Panthers. Further, It should be based o.n 
compensation to the individuals actually 
harmed, not on the state's vengeance-eystem 
of fines and imprisonment. 

As for boundartes: boundaries can be 
drawn by any surveyor who has fixed points 
of reference and tools for measW'ing distance, 
in air, water, land, or empty space. The factor 
whlch would prevent individuall from arbi· 
trartly claiming unlimited air space would be 

the fact that, though a system not dominated 
by government's monopoly on this function 
would be cheaper and more efficient, the indio 
vidual would have to pay for it himself. But 
even this system would not be necessary. If a 
man throws a rock through unowned air and it 
hits another man on the head, the man who 
threw the rock is fully liable ; the same princi. 
pIe could apply to noise, smog, or shit equally 
well . If an individual couldn 't pay for a suit 
himself, he could take part in a class-action 
suit. Every suit would be against the man or 
corporation on whose land it originated (it 
would be his responsibility to settle with other 
people who came on his land and caused 
pollution- by driving cars on his road , for 
example); and there would be no government 
protection to make anyone immune from 
responsibility for his property. This approach 
would cut down pollution dtastically ; and it 
would be free of the dangers inherent in every 
increase of government's power over the indio 
vidual . Every "good cause" has been used by 
some government as an excuse for tyranny ; 
ecology could well be one more such ex· 
cuse-a danger all anarchists and libertar-
ians, and anyone who values individual auto-
nomy, should wish to avoid. 

vironmental task forces ." I wish 
him much success in the creation 
of these task forces and in taking 
action against the polluters and 
spoilers of our environment. [ 
will support him fully in any way 
I can . I hope his actions are not 
lirni ted to the rhetoric of the 
letters to the editor column. 

Should Mr. Keating (or any 
other interested person ) want to 
find out what the (very few ) 
people on this campus working on 
environmental problems are 
doing he is invited to attend the 
meetings of the Bureau for En-
viro.nmental Design ( Wednes-
days at 5 p .m. , Blake Hall , 
Revelle Campus ). 

John R. Benemann 
Dept. Chemistry 

In Poor Taste? 
Editor : 

Today, Tuesday, Apri128, I was 
shocked and appalled to see the 
article in the TRITON TIMES 
about the new "hard-core-porn" 
fil m , "Com ing Apart." This 
article was in poor taste . The 
style of the ar ticle left something 
to be desired . 

Thus far , the UCSD Tritons 
have had a campus newspaper 
that they could be proud of. Let's 
keep it that way. Let's not have 
the " o.fficial campus newspaper" 
degenerate into the trash we so 
frequently read. 

Very truly yours, 
D. Scott Linthicum 

triton tilne 
lOtTO. I" C~I'F 

M' ~.'~'.'I .. 

C..no , • • ,.,. CPI"" , G •• ",'" 

Mer"'" ... 

..... "', .... 1. 
a ,I ...... 

"""'r )ort .. ,,.. 

,. w."" f . 
::~~O:IT I:~~'::'lC~~~;="j ~e: ': I 
Comm"",lcltiOf'llOarCiOf m. Unl"."'1, 09,<'" 
tornl. . Sen 01" 0. .",Ud'n9 250, MettheM 
(.empu • • L. Joll. , C. U' or"". ne)1 PuOflce tlOtl 
I, twle. w"~ly on T""",,, and ,er ich.,.. 
"'rough J..,.,. 5, lt re 0f1i 1C'ft art lOCI," ' n room 
111, 1 '1"" Hi li , .., the lIteve lit C. mlHlS For 
Adv ... tI . i .... phOne ioU JOOO. XlO17 ; tor " ltar'l l 
Of nftft "Oftt X '0'. 

Triton Times May 1,1970 Page 9 



'Midsummer Night's Dream' 
Opening on Campus Tonight 

JtHFrted 
Arts Writer 

The Drama Department will open its second 
season with two plays, "A Midsummer Night's 
Dream" and " Caucasian Chalk Circle," presented 
in repertory on campus beginning tonight. 

Shakespeare 's lOA Midsummer Night's Dream," 
directed by Eric Christmas, will open Friday, May 
1, and continue May 3, 5, 14, 16, 18, 23 and 25. "Cau-
casian Chalk Circle," b9 Bertolt Brecht and direc-
ted by Tom McCorry, will open Saturday, May 2, 
and continue May 4, 13, 15, 17,22 and 24. 

A group of 23 undergraduate students, most with 
no previous theater or drama experience, have been 
dual-cast in the two plays. Only seven members of 
the cast took part in UCSO's premiere production, 
"Marat! Sade," last year. In addition, there is a 
teclmical crew of five students who are handling 
lighting, sound and properties. Several members of 
the cast have also been involved in building sets and 
making costumes . , 

The two plays were chosen because they allow the 
students to show a wide range in terms of their 
work. 

"Caucasian Chalk Circle ," a play of thought, 
challenges the mind. " It is a play in which order is 
questioned and conventional shapes are looked at in 
new perspectives. 

" 'A Midsummer Night's Dream ' is a play of 
dream; a play of heart and feeling, " says Eric 
Christmas. " Brecht's play is epic theater , almost 
gymphonic ; Shakespeare '5 is romantic theater , 
much lighter. " . 

Direction of the two plays by Christmas and 
McCorry, both veteran actors who are continually 
working on the professional stage, points up the 
plan of Uie Drama Department at UCSD to involve 
the students with instructors who keep very much in 
touch with professional theater. 

Christmas, a veteran English actor, trained at the 
Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London and has 
in recent years acted extensively at the Stratford 
Shakespearean Festival as well as on the Broadway 
stage and in such outstanding television specials as 
Hallmark Hall of Fame and Talent Associates pro-
ductions. 

Tom McCorry, a lecturer in the Drama Depart-
ment, has acted for several seasons at the Old Globe 
Shakespearean Festival in San Diego and recenUy 
toured with a Shakespearean drama group from the 
University . of Michigan. He has written, directed 
and acted in several one-act plays both at San Diego 
State and the Los Angeles Civic Center. 

All performances begin at 8 p.m . in the 125-seat 
theater in Building 269, Matthews Campus. Tickets 
are $2 general admission and $1 for all students. 
Reservations may be made by calling the UCSD box 
office at 453-6151. 

ON STAGE!-NOW PlAYING!-lAST 2 WEEKS! TO EUROPE JET UNIVERSITY 
THE PHYSICISTS 

International intrigue among ~u· 
clear physicists in thi' c~mpeiling 
suspense thrill er ... ,a,donlC Wit ~nd 
b it ing humor a' three f~med sClen· 
ti.t, are pat ients of a private asylum 
. .. ore they insane? 

Stud.nts $1.50 
uc.silnitl 

PHONE 
239-2255 

after noon 

U !O & Sl.OO (luet .• W.d .1)'IU' .. ! Vr\, I ...... ' Try 0 DOUBLE DECKER ' Dlnn. , at ,.,. 
Sl oo .. Sl SO IFtl., Sal, h ... ) Allonh, I n Minion Bay 01 S.o World 
12 .00 &. $ 1,50 (Sun. Mat i .' & Ev.ning at th. Theatr. 
$ 1.S0 S'IJ . ''''''' ( 011. ' ( !'Ili,t.d Mil . u c $01 , ( ... . . ~,,,.ti.,,. Ph .... 22.-2 ' l' 

olb globe tbeatre 
balboa par.~ on Ilag. 

197.0. 
CAL JET CHARTERS I 

"Don" be mill" .,,, lo_r prlcft - III" wltll our ""ID" ............ p. 
lmoltt"''' flm. 0011" IHI CO_I" out.t til. last mlnut . . .. 
ALL IILlGHTS VIA TRANS INTERNATIONAL AIRWAYS OR 
SATURN AIRWAYS OC" SUNR.JIlTS WITH COMPLIMENTARY 
MEALS AND BEVIlIlAGIES. 

One-way flights st1ll available 
NO. 4004 - ONE WAY - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM 

~UNE 21 • • • • ••••••••• _ •••••• •• •••••• _ •• 11" 
No. III - OAKLAND/LAlAM5TERDAM 

SEPTEMBER 10 ••• •• • •••••••• _ •••••••••••• SUI 

CHARTER FLIGHTS 
12 or 10 wks. available stU! 
June 21/Sept.13 R. T. $299 
July 3 / Sept.ll R.T. $299 
Sept . 4 One Way $139 

backed by reliable, experienced 
Travel Agency. Know your char-
terer!l Prof. P. Bentler (213) 
274- 0729 & 274- 0720 c/o Sierra 
Travel Inc. 9875 Santa Monica 
Blv B ve 1 Hills 90212 

COME 'SEA HA WAn' 
5269 - 2 W •• ka - & 1.land.-

All Airfar. - Your Own Car 

2·Day Voyage on SChOOD.' 

Join the student invasion of Hawai i 
on June 16 or August 25 for 2 weeks! 
Come fly with Un i ted Air Lines to 
MauL Lanai, Hawaii or Oahu . Th is 
tr ip has been designed for college 
students and em phas izes adventure, 
mobility and low cast. Every four 
students w ill hav e their own car and 
may follow Iheir own whims . 

A malor highlight of the trip w ill be 
two days and n ighls sailing aboard the 
schoon er Vialero where you w i il see 
beautiful waterfalls and obscure 
'>eaches along the coastline. There 
will be camp ·outs on beautiful white 
sand beaches. 

The trip includes round trip a ir fair 
San Franclsco / Los Angeles to Hawaii 
and all Inter · lsland air fare . The only 
additional cost is food. Numerous 
college students have signed up 
already at a total cost of only 5269.00. 

Terry Barak 
Arts Writer 

Paul McCartney 's first solo album, " McCartney, " comes as no sur-
prise to the music world. Already, each of the other Beatles has made 
some no-Beatle recording : John, most notably wiUt Eric Clapton and 
Yoko 000 on "Live Peace From Toronto; " George with BOMey, 
Delaney, and friends, and "Wonderwal1;" and Ringo has his own 
record of hot melodies of the Thirties and Forties (Stardust, etc.) . The 
great departure is that "McCartney" consists only of the music, in-
struments, voice, and sounds of Paul McCartney (barring several 
exceptions when his wife adds background vocal) . McCartney empha-
sizes that there are plenty of problems among Ute Beatles in many 
recent interviews, but no one is quite sure whether Utey are dead as a 
group or not. 

Musically, where is "McCartney" at? Paul says: "The music 
started in little bi ts and pieces, including tunes and melodies from five 
years ago. I play all the instruments myself ... when our bass player 
died, I have been lumbered with the bass. All the time, however, what 
I really wanted to do was play guitar and play lead, so that's what I've 
done on the new LP. I played bass, drums, guitar, piano, and 
bongos ... " 

"McCartney" is like an airplane which tries to take oft and fails . It is 
missing something, a fullness of character in sound. It is somewhat 
akin to hearing only one channel of a stereo record and trying to ac-
cept that as the total sound-which it is not. That missing part' of -the 
music is Jolm LeMon. 

A theme evident throughout the record is McCartney 's lack of musi-
cal skill on instrwnents other than the bass. It is most noticeable in the 
instrwnental cuts, for instance his attempts at blues guitar in " Valen-
tine Day" and his junior high-stylized riffs in "Momma Miss 
America." In addition , the record characteristically sOWids flat and 
dull, even when there are vocals : the solo version of "Teddy Boy" is 
an antiseptic skeleton of the emotion-fiUed lyric which was recorded 
by the Beatles on their album " Let It Be." The best songs, sensitive in 
both lyric and music, are "Junk" and " Maybe I'm Amazed." They, by 
virtue of content, manage to overcome their lack-luster treatment to 
emerge as plausible sOWids of what one might expect of McCartney. 

The album, which took about two months to make, was recorded pri-
vately in the studio and in McCartney's home . Says Paul : " We went 
off to the studios without telling anyone and that way it gets to be like 
home at the studio. It is better to do the vocals at home because there 
is no engineer looking through the glass at you." On working alone, he 
says, " . . .it's less of a hassle. I only had to ask me for a decision and I 
agreed with me. " 

McCartney fans are likely to differ with Paul in that he needs to 
work in a less congenial atmosphere-One where Utere are others. The 
end result would be far different. 

Opera Ends Season 
On High . Nofe 
Larry Johnson 

Arts Writer 
The San 'Diego Opera season 

closed on a glorious high note 
with "Tales of Hoffmann." The 
last, far from least, was on the 
whole the best of the productions. 
As grand opera goes, " Hoff-
maM" is not as grand as 
"Faust" or "Tannhaeuser " both 
performed this season ~t the 
Civic Theater, but the singing 
and acting were outstanding. 
Beverly Sills is a singing actress 
who brings a whole new 
dimension to the operatic stage. 
A versatile singer, she handled 
all three roles as Hoffmann's 
loves, doing beautifully with 
Giulietta's soft and sensual 
"Barcarolle" as with Olympia 's 
strangely mechanical coloratura . 
She did a remarkably convincing 
acting job, particularly as the 
mechani cal doll Olympia . 
Although rarely, I have heard 
better sopranos, but I've never 
se~n a finer actress in opera. 

Norman Treigle did an ex-
cellent job as Ute evil genius who 
haunts Hoffmann, his rich , 
powe rful an d full ranging 
bari tone doing full justice to the 
roles. His roles were not as im-
portant as Ute one he had in 
" Faust," but he enfused a great 
dynamism into the opera. He did 
particularly well as the evil Dr. 
Miracle, rising to great depths of 
devilishness. 

Having Triegle and Sills, it was 
too much to hope for more, but in 
fact we had a good tenor. Hoff-
mann, the love-haunted and 
finally besotted poet, was well-
maintained by Jean Cox. He was 
not a wooden actor, and sang with 
sufficient force and quality to at 
least suffer comparison with Sills 
and Triegle. 

Summer round-trip flights still available 
No. 533 - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM 

JUNIl f4+SEPT. I •........ _ ...•.••....•. . .. 12" NOW PlAYING LIMITED RUN 

Sets and costumes were 
colorful and fitted the opera well 
enough. While the staging 
di verged, sometimes widely, 
from tradition , it was thoughtful 
and often invigorating. The or-
chestra, under Walter Herbert, 
turned in one of its better 
evenings for Offenbach 's diverse 
but colorful music. The chorus 
was ragged at times, but 
managed to get together 
spiritedly for much of it. 

NO. 4000 -- OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM 
JUNE 11-iiEPTEMBIER' : .••. • • •• • •.••• ••...• $Z1t 

No. 535 - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM 
JUNE 17-iiEPTEMBER l' .................... SZIt 

No. 135 - NEw YORK/LO,",OON 
JUNE tI-iiEPTEMBER. • ••••.••••••••••••••• Sflt 

No. 52. -- C!f' KLAND/LONDON 
JUN E ~ 4.-AUGUST:J0 • • ••••.•.• ••• •••.••• • •• 121t 

NO. 142 ~ OAKLAND/' LOS ANGELES - AM5TERDAM 
AUGU:;T :I ~EPTEMBER ~ ••••••••••••••••••• $Z1t 

No. 541 - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (Rou,", trill) 
~ULV - AVQUST 11 ••••. . ••. ' • ..•. .•. ••.... 'sa" 

SpECIAL\! INTER-EUROPE STUD~NT . 
CHARTER FLIGHTS 

In conjunction wltll C.I ~" II",IIta ".t .... .,0 ..... t f.ntntle.lI" 
,"UC" 'It ••. Stud.nt ell.rten to Indl., T ..... I. (No,t" Afrlc.) , 
E •• t Afrlu , Turk.". Greec • • Ru •• , M.It • • Ind I ..... (T" A .. "" . 
.110 .... 11 • .," .t ,"ue.d .. tn. f 
CALL OR WRITE NOW IIOR IIURTHER IHIIORMATIOH AND 
AIIfOLICATIONS 

WRITE: CIII Jet ChIl18n PHONE: (41&) 922-1434 
'( 2150 Green St. or (After 6 ,nd 

Sin Fr-.:Isco. Ca. 94123 weekends) 
""'''ta 0 ... 0111" '0 ""_h. '-It1 ...... 1M _ ... ,,_ 

.... tlMlr 1m ......... , ... 111" of .... UII. of ClIIf. 

Page 10 Triton Times May 1, 1970 

. Arthur M iller's Am ertcon adaptation 

AN ENEMY 
OF THE PEOPLE 

by Henrik Ibsen 
The po'lv"on of 0 popul or laL.e 
creole' el(p osivl.! drama 05 self ,s.h t 
,=itt / Pn5 ottp-mp' 10 dlscredl l the truth 

!l t lmu lotlng . proyocoftve. chal lcng 
tng . , 

S2 50 (lues . Wed . Thurl , Sun . Eve, ,) 
S3 00 (Frt .• 501. Eyes I 
noo l!...," Mo',.,.,. MOl17 
S 1.50 (51u thtu CoiL & Enlisted Mil . • xc. Sa l Eve.) 

phone 239·2255 after noon 

(~~~~:centre stllge 
ad ~rpn 0 Old Glnhp ["caIre In Balboa P'I~ 

The best s ingle role of the 
season was Treigle as 
Mephistopeles in "Faust," but 
the best whole was " Tales of 
Hoffmann." It was a grand 
finale . 

EUROPE 
$200 to $Z95 round tr ip. Also to 
Israel and Orient. Rep. Amit Pele! 
(714) 735.9140 or (714) 737-4684_ 
156ZB-Z Pleasant View Ave., 
Corona, Calif. 91720. E.S.E.P. 
members onl~! 

t .- it« HI t i .. )( ~~ 

Tritons 4,,, In S.D. Regaffa, 
Long Beach Tales Top Spo, 

by George campbell 
Sports Writer 

Last Saturday, April 25, more than 240 oarsmen from nine colleges 
and universities converged on San Diego's Mission Bay to compete in 
the Tenth Annual San Diego Invitational Rowing Regatta. The sched-
ule of events was revised for the regatta at a coaches' meeting the 
night before the races. All of the heats and consolation races were 
eliminated and everyone raced in their respective finals. Thanks to 
the rescheduling and the efforts of the officials the regatta went off 
smoothly according to schedule. 

1970 UCSD Varsity Volleyball Team tast week successfully 
delended it s NAtA D lstr i cl I" Cllampionsh ip and was r.ted 
,econd in the national championships. Top ' ow (I. 10 r . l : 

-_ ..... / 

Earl Holmes , Chr is Oberg, Dick Reltherman, Tim Rose. 
Kerry Klostermann, Peter Naumann. Bottom row (I. fa r . l : 
Jell Gorrell , D i ck Pek in. Ray Nickel, A,thu, Brownste in. 

Cal State Long Beach took top honors of the day by winning the 
heavyweight varsity race with a time of 6:21. UC Irvine took second 
place wiUt Loyola finishing third. Stanford, San Diego State, and UC 
Santa Barbara followed the first three across the finish line . . 

In the junior varsity race Orange Coast College grabbed the first 
spot with a winning time of 6:42. Orange Coast defeated UC Irvine 
Stanford, San Diego State, Cal State Long Beach, and UC Santa Bar: 
bara, who finished behind them in that order. 

Volle,bBII In Sports Spotlight At UCSD 

Tritons Win District Title, Host Nationals 
In the heavyweight four-oars race UCSD placed fourth to defeat 

Stanford and San Diego State. Top honors, however , went to Loyola 
with a time of 7:31. Orange Coast College was second with UC Irvine 
finishing third. ' 

In the lightweight varsity race UCSD went out very fast and stroked 
to a full boat-length lead over the very strong UCLA rowers at the 1500-
m~ter mark. The lead diminished, though, as the fast early pace of the 
Tritons took its toll and UCSD dropped three places in the final 500 
meters. UCLA was first in 6: 55, followed by UC Santa Barbara second 
San Diego State third, and UC San Diego fmishing fourth . ' 

Orange Coast College won Ute freshman race with a time of 6:51 to 
defeat Loyola and Stanford. The UCSO frosh team placed fourth by 
out-strOking Cal State Long Beach, UC Irvine, and UC Santa Barbara. 

Trophies for the regatta were presented by the Zlac Rowing Club of 
San Diego at a luncheon for the crews and their llUests. 

Six of the nation's outstanding collegiate 
volleyball teams met at UCSD Wednesday and 
Thursday of this week in the second annual National 
Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAJA) 
National Invitational Volleyball Tournament. The 
two-day tournament which detennined the national 
volleyball champions of the NAJA was the first 
national sports tournament of any type to be held on 
the UC San Diego campus. 

Three Midwestern teams, Indiana Institute of 
Teclmology, Ft. Wayne ; George Williams College, 
Illinois; and Graceland College, Iowa, were pitted 
against three West Coast teams, UCSD, United 
States International University, and Whittier 
eoDeJ(e. 

Last year's NAIA volleyball champion, Earlham 
College, Indiana, was defeated in district com-
petition by both Indiana Tech and Graceland and 
was not invited to this year's tournament. Indiana 
Tech placed second in last year's national tour-
nament and UCSD was third. 

Last Saturday UCSD won the NAJA District III 
competition held in the UCSD gymnasium, out-
scoring both USIU and Whittier. Three Triton 
players, Kerry Klostermann, Dick Reitherman, and 
Jeff Gorrell, were named to the All-District team, 
and Klostermann was named as Player of the 
Tournament to wrap the UCSO~ominated tour-
nament honors. 

NOW PLAYING 

..ttl 
1970 UCSD Lightweight Varsity Crew 

Standing (1. to r.): Jay Barnard, Jon Jones, steve Carmichael, Tony Valenzuela, and Dennis Burman. 
Siegel, Rich Reineman, Tom Chambers, Dave Kneeling: Coxswain Gary Masters. 

••••••••••••••••• **************** 
Worl" C'LaDlp .ets : Sports . Edito~ ~osi~ion Available : un.. Any ltIMI.nt ................... SpOt1l EdiID, of.... • 
Ope S D Se • : TRITON TIMES fo,", fli Cluntr 1170 "ould •• IIi : n •• rles ... :ru .... ,. M., 5 tra .. I I ... - N ..... " ... _ •• in • 

. : II, box in ... TritDa Tin .. offic •• N.E. co .... , a .... HII. ~ 
The world champion New York ... 

Mets are scheduled to send ace * * * * * * * * * Steve 0 ...... Sports Edillf. * * • * * * * *. 
right-hander Tom Seaver· to the 
mound tonight in San Diego 
Stadium in the opener of a four-
game weekend series against the 
Padres. 

Off to a mediocre start, the 
Mels are resting in the middle of 
the Eastern Division standings 
and will be looking for a good 
series in San Diego to move up on 
the leaders. The Padres are 
currently in last place in the 
Western Division, but have a 
good chance to move well up in 
the tight race for second througb 
sixth place with a sweep of this 
series . 

The Padres split two games 
with the Mets in New York last 
week, but Seaver, the 1969 Cy 
Young Award winner as Ute ' 
National League's top pitcher , 
stopped the San Diegans 2-1 in 
one of those games. Seaver tied a 
major' league record with 19 
strikeouts in that game, and 
established another mark by 
striking out the final ten batters 
in a row . 

Tonight's game will start at 
7:30 p .m ., with tomorrow's 
ladies ' day (all seats are $1 off for 
ladies) game and Sunday's 
double header scheduled for 1 
p.m. 

Wes'ern .egiona's 
Infer-Co'legia'e Music 'es,i,a' 

STUDENTS $.50 
P,.IUII. 

M., 2 - Fig" 
Azt.c C.nter 

S.n Di •• o Stlt. 

BLOCK 
BUSTER! 

EASTMAN COLOR 

THE 
PROOUCER 

ANO 
OIRECTOR 

OFTHE 
CANNES 

FILM 
f'ESTIVAL 

AWARD 
WINNER 

"THE S[CRET 
LIVES Of 

ROMEO 
AND 

JULIET" 

THE GLOBAL PtCTURES PRESENTS: 
OTORIOUS 
CLEOP~TR~ 

AND ON THE SAME PROGRAM 

!/3J ~.A n,:):~'. L AVE 
NA T1C'NAl CITY 
477-4477 



Hear Congressman George Brown, 
candidate for U. S. Senate, plus singer 
Hoyt Axton , actor George Takei of 
"Star Trek" and actress Brooke 
Bundy of "The Gay Deceivers" Noon , 
Revelle Plaza . 
Friday Night at the Movies: " North 
by Northwest" with Cary Grant. USB 
2722. 7: 30 p.m . 

Coffee Hut Enterta inment : featuring 
Pat Moss and Kanter , Friday and 
Saturday . 9 p.m . 

Recently the Academic Senate named 
a committee to advise the Committee 
on Educational Poli cy on matters 
relating to the institution of new pro · 
grams at UCSD deal ing with Environ · 
mental Science . The commitlee's 
function is mostly extra ·mural and 
intra ·mural informat ion gathering in 
order to find out if higher degree pro · 
grams in Env ironmental Science at 
UCSD are (a) desirable (b) wanted 
(c) needed and / or (d) warranted . In 
this regard the committee will hold an 
open meeting in order tha all inter · 
ested persons may express their opin · 
ions on this matter . USB 2722, 3·5 p .m . 

Percussion and Clarinet Concert: 
Ronald and Joan George assisted by 
Sh irley Wong , Rec i tal Hall , 409 MC, 
8:30 p .m . 

- Environmental Seminar Series : Dr . 
Ruff w i ll speak on "Econom ic Solu · 
t ions to Our Env ironmental Prob· 
lems" HL Aud ., 7 p .m . 

Muir Cinema : " Simon of the Desert" 
USB 2722, 7:30 p .m . 

UCSD Schoo l of Medicine Open 
House : an opportun ity to see med ical 
research in progress w ill be offered 
today dur ing a commun itywide open 
house from 1·5 p .m . Ch il d care w i ll be 
ava ilable and refreshments served . 

Cinco de Mayo Fiesta : UCSD Huelga 
Comm Ittee presents " F iesta del Cinco 
de Ma yo " featur ing the Lanuza Bro · 
thers Dance Troupe on Reve ll e Plaza 
from 11 .45 to 1: 15 p .m . Free refresh · 
ments, scri pt and cash for the Un ited 
Farm Workers w i ll be accep ted as a 
donat ion 

I.cture, 
Marine Biology Seminar : Friday, 
May 1, Noon, Sumner Aud ., Dr . Bolis 
will speak on " Comparat ive physlo· 
logyof transport of non ·electrolytes in 
fi5hes . 

Country Joe McDonald : lecture, 
Saturday, May 2, HL Aud ., 3 p.m . 

Salk Lecture : Jack Walsh (County 
Supervisor) w ill discuss civic prob· 
lems in the San Diego area . Tuesday, 
May 5, Noon, Salk Small Sem inar 
Room . 

Professors' Inaugural Lecture Series : 
Tuesday, May 5, HL Aud ., 4: 15 p .m. 
Professor Garrels will discuss " Evo · 
lut ion of Sedimentary Rocks." 

Baseball : vs . Irvine here, Saturday 
May 2, Noon . 

m •• ting, 
Young Republ icans: Monday, May 4, 
Noon, Coffee Hut southern patiO . 
Topics for discussion include election 
activities, campus projects and YR 
organ ization . New members wei · 
come . 

Rad ical Student Union : Thursday , 
May 7, Lower Blake Lounge, 9 p .m . 

Photographer's Assoc iat ion : Wednes · 
day May 6, Upper Blake Lounge, 8 
p.m . Bring slides to show for possible 
public ;:>erformance. 

Christian Science Organ ilation: Mon · 
day 7 ".m . Informal Lounge 

Jewish Students Organization : Mon · 
day 9 p .m . Informal Lounge 

SDS : Tuesday 8 p .m . USB 3020. 

SIMS : Thursday 8 p .m . USB 3020. 

UCSD International Folk Dancing 
Club . 
Tuesday : 8·10 :30 p.m . Advanced class 
from 8·9 p.m ., tauqht by Dan 
Lul u- mostly Balkan . 
Friday : 8·12 p .m. Beg inn ing and in · 
termed iafe class from 8·9:30 p .m . 
taught by Jim Ling and Rex Cou · 

ture~ances from many different 
countr ies. 
Place : " Pump house " annex C.M . 
For informat ion call Jim at X2644 

FRIDAY NIGHT 
AT THE MOVIES 

'NORTH BY NORTHWEST' 
USB 2122 1:30 

COFFEE HUT 
ENTERTAINMENT 

FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 9·00 PM 

PAT MOSS PAUL MNTER Ii 
WEDNESDAY 9:00 P.M. I 

'FORBIDDEN PLANET' . 

II 
~ 

SPECIAL STUFF 
JOE McDONALD 

OF COUNTRY JOE AND THE FISH 
IN LECTU,n-

SAT MAY 2 3:00 USB 2722 
tOffEE HUT SPONSORS FRIDAY 

AT NO COST TO YOU THE FOLLOWING 
STEAK BBO 4:00 BEAGLE PIT 

I' (GET THIS) GROOVY SURFER STOMP 
~ ~~O REVELLE CAF~~~ 

J) JESS UNRUH WED :\ 
~ON~ 

Page 12 Triton Times May 1, 1970 

tII •• te, 
A Midsummer Night's Dream : Fri · 
day, May 1, Sunday May 3, and Tues· 
day May 5. UCSD Theater MC 8 p.m . 

Caucasi.n Chalk Circle : Saturday 
May 2, Monday May 4, UCSD Theater 
MC 8 p .m . 

Perform.nce Concert : benef it for 
Jordan ·Chavez Defense Fund, $1.50 
donation , pay at door . Featuring Ciau · 
dia Bader , Fred Lonidier , Ronda 
Lumley, Aliva Rahman i, Jerry 
Wal k.er , Laura Welnrab, John Wh ite. 
May 10,3 p .m . and 8 p .m . 409 MC. 

Petitions are now available at the 
Provost Off ice for the positions on the 
Revelle Committee on College Affa ir s 
and the Executive Committee . Petl · 
tions must be filed w i th 25 signatures 
and returned no later than May 4, 
1970, at 5 p.m . The elections to choose 
the six members of CCA and the two 
members of the Executive Committee 
will be held on May 13·15, 1970, in 
Revelle Plaza . Forms for the state· 
ment of platforms by the candidates 
are also available at the Provost 
Office. Completion of these forms w ill 
facilitate coverage of the elections 
and issues by the Triton Times on May 
12. 

The Committee on College Affairs is 
concerned with all aspects of the 
educational environment of Revelle . 
CCA's duties include the allocation of 
its funds to various student act iv ities 
and the appointment of student 
representatives to college and 
cam pus·wide comm Ittees . 

The Executive Committee is con · 
cerned with all aspects of the aca · 
demic environment of Revelle . Their 
duties include review and possible 
revision of lower division require · 
ments and curriculum . 

Want to become a Cal ifornia cit izen? 
Assemblyman Waddle Deddeh ( D· 
77th District) has introduced a bill in 
the State Legislature to allow all those 
eligible to vote in gubernatorial elec · 
t ions to waive out-of ·state tuition, and 
all those minors whose parents leave 
the state on temporary bUSiness or 
military assignments . 

Fellowships for study ing and working 
at radio and television stations are 
available through the Corporation- for 
Publ ic Broadcasting . Information is 
available from Mr. J . C. Dine , 1345 
Avenue of the Amer icas, New York, 
N. Y ., 10019. 

Working in Europe th is summer? A 
representative from the Princeton 
Research Corporat ion will descr ibe 
200 job opportun ities this summer . He 
w ill be available to students In Revelle 
Pl a za at noon today . 

SUBJECT : WANTED TO RENT : 
Four·bedroom house or apartment for 
year beginning September 1, 1970 for 
family of professor moving to La 
Jolla . Must be within reasonable 
distance of campus and in quiet, 
pleasant neighborhood . Furnished 
preferred . Contact Department of 
History, UCSD, 453·2000, extension 
1763. 

STEREO COMPONENTS Many 
known brands, new, demonstrators, 
trade·ins. On sale at cost plus until 
sold . Inexpensive to ultimate in sound . 
Open daily 10·6. Closed Sunday and 
Monday. Audio plus S·track service 
dept . Osborn Sound Shop, 246 West 
Washington, Hillcrest . 291-7777 . 
LOST- 1 PAIR WIRE FRAME 
GLASSES. Lost at Anomaly Factory 
Friday, April 24 . Tom 459·2208. 
Fisher Stereo 75W - tuner·amp. 
Garrard SL·95 Changer. 2 quad·riflex 
Acoustic Suspension 10" speakers. 
Paul Linehan 755-8439 . 
SURFBOARD WITH RAG FOR 
SALE, 540 . COST $140 New. PHONE 
453·9967 . 

THE ARTHER FRINGLE IN · 
STiTUTE for Pure and Applied 
Bullshit announces Fellowships for 
1970·71. Apply : The Director, Mark 
Looney , 2031 Paseo Dorado, La Jolla, 
Calif . 92037 . 
TRANSLATORS WANTED . Free 
Lance, all tech . fields and languages. 
Unlimited volume . Send resume and 
sample to P.O . Box 5456, Santa 
Barbara, Calif . 93103 . 
ATTENTION DRAMA WORKSHOP 
Thursday April 30, 7: 30 p.m ., 6114 
UnIversity Av nue, San Diego 
(Merlins' School of th e Dance) . 
Conducted by Hollywood Director . 
Introductory session complimentary . 
For addit,onal information call 582· 
3875, LIn Roberts Acad my. 
LOST- Baseball glov!' with name 
"Co hlo" under strap . Call 755·8965. 

Dr . Carl E . Mcilwain, professor of 
physics, received an award January 
26 from the Amer ican Institute of 
Aeronautics and Astronaut ics " for 
originating a system of coord inates 
which Is of great utility for mapping 
the radiations trapped in the earth's 
geomagnetic f ield and for outstanding 
investigations of these rad lallons." 

UCSD led thl University of Callforni. 
In the amount of savings achieved in 
the first f iscal quarter in the current 
academ ic year . The Public Affairs 
Office got credit for the best efficiency 
rating-in terms of savings- and the 
campus as a whole built up 5454,721 in 
funds that can be used for other 
purposes . 

Borrego Report •••••••••• 
continued from page 3 

the growth of administration 
personnel). Originally slated to 
move graphically toward the offi-
cial university-wide ratio of 28:1, 
it jumped quickly to that figure 
this year. 

The Drop In Graduate 
Enrollment 

Even more significant, how-
ever, is the fact that the nwnber 
of graduate students has not 
increased as originally expected, 
thus increasing the proportion of 
undergraduates among the 800 
new students coming to UCSD 
next year. In allocating faculty 
resources according to . the 
weighted student-faculty ratio, 
each graduate student is con-
sidered the equivalent of three 
undergraduates, and thus 
reduced graduate student growth 
creates still another pressure for 
reducing the growth of faculty 
FTEs. 

UCSD began in 1961 with 100 
per cent grad students, and in-
tended to drop this ratio down to 
43 per cent. Presently it stands at 
23 per cent with no growth ex-
pected at all in the fall, when 300 
post-baccalaureate students 
should theoretically be entering. 
James holds that the decline in 
financial support has scared 
away many graduate candidates, 
so that the supply of "serious, 
pre-doctoral" students is running 
low. 

The upshot is that Revelle and 
Muir have leftover space which is 
not being used for graduate 
studies-because there aren't 
enough graduate students-but 
less useable space for undergrad-
uates, because there are too 
many. (Only 10 per cent of UC-
SD's floorspace is used for class-
rooms.) 

More Classrooms, Less Labs, 
Huge Lectures 

To alter this lopsided situation, 

the administration is thinking of 
proposing to knock out walls in 
some of the underused labs, build 
more classrooms, and put up an 
lIOO-6eat auditorium for large 
lectures. Along with these altera-
tions, the size of Matthews will be 
doubled, and Revelle and Muir 
will be increased to house 2500 
undergraduates each, where they 
first were planned to hold just 
1250 (and 1000 graduates). 

The limit on future raises of the 
"steady state" ceiling will be 
provided by the law school, which 
might take the place of the 
Hwnanities library by as early 
as 1975, and the environmental 
design school, which will take up 
space in Muir. These two schools 
could not only help keep down 
huge undergraduate enrollments, 
but also provide greater aca-
demic input into both colleges ' 
curricula. 

James called the Borrego 
Report a "moderately pessi-
mistic but realistic assessment of 
the future" as an alternative to 
the most optimistic plans laid out 
in 1963. It may only be a tempor-
ary deviation from that first 
docwnent, and it may prove use-
ful in five years, since it will pro-
vide a "plateau" of growth when 
UCSD's academic environment 
can get a period of review, 
renewal and reenvigoration. 

But the Borrego Report could 
also bring results as enervating 
as the dry winds of Borrego 
Desert. As far as the campus is 
concerned, the choice lies with 
California: the university, the 
taxpayers, and the governor. 

*************** 
ApplicatloD5 for editorial aDd 

staff positions OD the TRITON 
TIMES '76-'71 are now being 
considered by the Executive 
Board. Those wishiDg to apply 
should stop by the office ID Blake 
Hall for further InformatioD. 
Staff membership Is open to any 
UCSD undergraduate. 

ESTABLI ENTPRESS 
(San Diego's Union and Tribune) 

LL NOT ACCEPT ADVERTISING 
FOR THIS PROGRAM!'" 

UPTHE 
ESTABLISHMENT! 

PUTNEY 
SWOPE 

The Truth 
and Soul Movie 
,~----------------of beauty, sex 

and drugs: 

more® 
-(a recommendationl 

'--------' 


