
., 

Volume 11, Num"er 10 University of California, San Diego Friday, Octo"er 3D, "TO 

Proposition 'f4 To 
Fight Ecology Crisis 

by Rose DeCosta 

Dr. Hannes A liven Photo hy Jim Ruppel 
UCSO's Nobel Prize Winner 

Citizens' concern for the ecology crisis will b 
put to a test in th ovember lee tlOn . 
Propo ition A. which will implement an 
emergency environmental trust fund . has been 
proposed by the an Diego County Board of 
Supervi ors for the ovember 3 g nera l 
election . 

upporter ' claim that rapid growth In th 
population of th an Diego ounty area has 
made protection of the urroundlng 
enviornment a critical matter. Op n spac . land 
for future park . and recreation areas mu t b 
acquired and maintained before they becom 
forever lost to the peopl in residential and 
industrial development. It i for the e rea ons 
that the Board of upervisor have d clded to 
put proposition A on the November ballot. 

Proposition A a "Test" 
According to Dr. John McGowen. BIO-

oceanographer at Scripps. and Fran ticha . a 
member of the U 0 tudents for Op n pac . 
"Proposition A wa put on th ballot a a ·te t" 
to see if the public is really concerned about 
preserving the environment and would put their 
money where their mouth are. The county i 
aware that there are many groups concerned 

NASA Should Visit 
Asteroid, Says Dr. Alfven 

with environmental action but they weren't 
quite sure as to how the general public feel 
about it." McGowan says. "The only thing 
wrong with this propo ition i that the 
Supervisors were late in propo ing it lor the 
elections. Due to this. the public i n't quite 
educat d a to what Proposition A would mean 
for the an Diego area." 

If th measure i passed . Proposition A will 
provide a 7 million revolving fund for open by Rod Lorang pace pre ervation. The county will use this 

Muir ollege. it would eem. chooses it 
honorary fellows well. At its recent 
convocation. th college granted such an honor 
to Dr. Hannes Alfven. citing his daring and 
fundamental work in physics. On Tuesday. Dr. 
Alfven received another. slightly more 
significant recognition of merit-the 1970 ob I 
Prize for Physics. 

With the prize comes an award of half of 
$78.400. The other half goes to Dr. Louis Eugene 
of France. who shared the physics prize with 
Alfven. The work of the two men wa done 
separately and is not closely related . 

Dr. Alfven was honored for "fundamental 
work and discoveries in magneto-
hydrodynamics" and the application of hi 
findi ngs to plasma physic . He is consid red an 
originator of plasma physics. and rs also known 
as the di coverer of Alfven waves. electro-
magnetic wave found in ionized gas. 

Dr. Alfven is not a native American. He is a 
Swedish citizen. and b came intere ted in 
plasma physics there in 1937. In 1942 he 
discovered the waves that bear his name. But in 
the mid-1960's he left Sweden. aying too little 
emphasi wa being put on the peaceful u es of 
atomic fusion. another field in which his work i 
ba ic . 

pon leaving Sweden. Dr. Alfven was offered money to purchas parcel of land. thus k ping 
post in Russia . th United States. and several housing d velopers from acquiring' titles and 
other countries. He soon ended up at U D. and developing the area . The fund could be used in 

either of the following way : 
has been a visiting professor here since 1966. I) taking an option on the land while specific 
Now a professor in residence. he teaches one plans for its use were developed : 
small class a week to graduate student . most 2) taking an option on the land for holding 
of whom are doctoral car.d idates. He also gives until th county cou ld afford to purchase it ; or 
many general lectures. Dr. Alfven is at UCSD . 
only six months of the year. He spend the other 3) provld ing a required deposit for the court 
six in Sweden. if a condemnation procedure was ne ded . 

At present. Dr. Alfven i tr ing to convince The intention of the Board of upervisors is to 
AS to send an unmanned prob to an use these fund to pay the 7.000.000 principal 

asteroid- and has be n given a very po itive plus intere t on bond . Interested persons would 
response. Alfven thinks the solar system buy hares of the bonds and the interest for the 
condensed from clouds of ionized ga . and that bonds would be paid for by Vehicle ode 
the asteroids didn ' t quite make it to full-planet misdemeanor fine . and forfeitures . Through 
status. Thi view contrasts with the " big bang" this proposed method of raising the interest. tax 
theor . and the idea that the asteroids were payers will not be burdened with increa d prop rty taxes. 
once a planet which later disintegrated . Alfven _-----------. 
feels an unmanned minera l-gatheri ng 
expedition to an asteroid would go a long way 
toward finding out what our creation is all 
about. " 

Dr. Alfven is LJ D' third obel Prize 
winner. Others were Harold rey and Dr. 
Maria Goeppert. The only other prize winner in 
San Diego is Dr. Robert Holly of the Sa lk 
Institute. 

Pre s Confere nc 
,""pdn sdC:l .\' . I ovembel 

at ·noon 
, orth Dining Hall 

Revelle 

Scheer Praises Red Chino, 
Ridicules U.S. Consumer Society 

I found a place more different and exciting. Their syst m is 
ab le to combine combinations that were thought 
uncombinable. China and North Korea ar self-suffi ·ient. They 
are able to produce hea y machinery as w II as provid fo'r 
con umer goods. Th s countries hav ,'olved their 
agricu ltural problems. orth Korea . pr VI usly an agricultural 
importer. IS now an exporter. China has solved her food 
problems. Anyone who has visited there ('an 'ee this" : 'heer 
said . " Due tu commun . and collectiVization. the cities are not 
over-crowded . Ch ll1a i ' not over-populated The cari ('atur 
showing China as an ark with p ople lailing oul 01 IllS 'bull 
sh it" . ever during my three monlhs 111 'hlna did I s l' one 
human being drunk . abrasive. tc More thll1gs happen to me 111 
each 01 my PSA I lights back to B I'keley There. I didn 't see 
people out lor themselves. ( s this due to ('ollccllv lsm. It has 
be n du ' to collectivism that China has becn abl ' to dt'vl'lope 
economi 'a lly and industrially as wcll as develop a ncw man ' 

by Rose DeCosta 
" \ hy i ' It that the greatest miliulry power in th world finds 

It hard to disengage from a war ev ryone wants to end? \ hat 
alternative do you propo e for the American system'?" These 
are 'ollle 01 the qu stions Rob rt cheN. a radi al authority on 
China and the Third \ orld . dealt with when h addre " d 
UC 0 students Wednesday in the Revelle Cafe. 

Scheer. form r dilor of Rampart' Magazine and author of 
How the U. ,Got Involved in Vietnam, has recently returned 
from a lour 10 the People 's Republic of China . II aild a group 
of America n radi [lIs travel d through China. orth Korea. 
and orth VI tnam. They were th first Americans to visit 

hina sinc th Cultural R'evolution tour yea rs ago. 
"Our 'xp rience with th e countries. though different th 'y 

all w .re. is that th y all went through a 'uttural Revolution." 
explain d Rob rt Sehe r. " Before I went over there I was 
cynical about th ff etiv n . of Communism. but I have 
found a place wh re communism work '. I have found an 
alternative civilization I have found it a an alternative 
reality". Sheer elaborated . " I don 't car if the U .. or the .N. 
recognizes hina or not The fact i that it is th reo Never have 

In regards to the hOlllelronlo Sh l'f noted . "Our sO('1ety IS 
bas d on waste It atislles ne ds that don 't need to be 
sati ·fied . mak s machll1al'Y that is not n ded . and makt's 
consumer produt'ls jUllt to g ,t people to buy 

question I rom the audience asked wheth I' or not :ch I' 
was a 'ommunit. In answer to thi S. ~ch {'f replied . " I can't 
say that I claim in your terms to be a 'ommunist. but I do s c 
coli ctivism as an a lt rnativ soci' t If you ca ll thi ' 

(continued on pale 2) 

Many Areas to be Dealt With 
Though th • an EhJo Lagoon and Tecolote 

'anyon have b en area of intere ·t. Propo ition 
A doe not deal 'peciflcally with the two 
areas. The e are JU. t places where immedIate 
action i ne d d to aVOid a :plrallng merea e of 
re 'idential developm nt 

The • an EliJo Advi ory Committtee 
disapproved 01 the concept of a private 
residential development 111 the lagoon area lor 
the follOW ing rea on . I I Propo, ed development 
Ignore the wa terfowl and w!ldllf values of th 
lagoo:! . 2) It re tncts public r creattOnal u e of 
th uniq u natural re ource 31 The 
antiCipated high d n Ity development Impo e 
an unneces arily high burden on the already 
overcrowded school and public facilllie : and 41 
,ewage dumping would pre ent a problem If 
res idential ar a were developed 

A an alternative to prtvat re idenllal 
development. the Advi ory ommllt 
perceive public own I' hl p of tlie la nd . Vartou 
methods of acquiSition wou ld b 

1) The County tak in an option on buying the 
land. 

2) ature on erva ncv or imllar 
organization would take option and pu rcha e 
the land to be re old to the count\' or state on a 
long term basi . . 

3) Federal Fi h and Wildlife omml IOn 
could purcha e the Federal Fi h and Wildlife 
Commission could purcha e the land as a refuge 
tor a unique and rare bird population. 

Fund not available 
The e are the alternative However. the 

County government pre nUy ha no funds with 
which to act. Thi i what Propo ition A wi ll do. 
it will provide the county with a pecia l budget 
e pecially de igned for purcha ing large 
parcels of land. 

Thu far . there are no offi ciall y stated 
argument again t Propo ition and no II ting 
of opposing argument can b found, on the 
sample ballot. 

Dr. McGowen thinks ''' con . are apathy The 
problem Propo ition A faces i that the public 
does not know or understand it. Through 
ordinary con ervati m. people will not approve 
a bond i ue th y don 't understand ." 

o tudent for Open pace feel that " th 
money from thi s measure will help aVOid the 
ecology cri is. Voter reaction to Propostion A 
will b considered by our elected offi cial a a 
measure of th publics' concern over 
environmental is ues." 

Robert 



Washington 

SupremeCourtExpectedToRule Rule On Draft Issues 
WASHINGTON (.:;PS)-For the second year in 

a row, the Supreme Court can be expected to be 
the major sow-ce of reforms in the draft . Last 
term (October 1969-July 1970) the cow-t ruled on 
several cases that the Selective Service System 
was overstepping its legal authority written and 
put into force by proclamation of the President, 
gave many powers to the system which were not 
provided for in the law as passed by the 
Congress. 

Under the leadership of Chief Justice Warren 
Bw-ger-but usually over his strong objection-
the Cow-t found that a number of regulations, 
including regulations providing for priority 
induction of draft law violators, punitive 
reclassification of college students, prosecution 
of men who fail to register beyond their 23rd 
birthday (after the statue of limitations expires) 
and excluding.non-religious objectors to all wars 
from conscientious objector status, were in 
conflict with the Congressional action . 

This year the Cow-t is being asked to focus on 
two draft issues : the right of registrants to be 
represented by a lawyer dW'ing dealings with 
their draft boards, and the right of selective 
conscientious objection to a 'Particular war. 

In Weller vs. United Slates, the Court is being 
asked to overtw-n a decision by Judge Peckham 
of the North District of California, which 
dismissed an indictment against Weller for 
failw-e to report for induction. The District Cow-t 
ruled in favor of Weller 's claim when it found 
that a registrant may assume that he has any 
right which does not specifically deny 
registrants the privilege of legal counsel at their 
appearances before the local board. The system 
has traditionally held, both in regulations and 
less formal documents, that the meeting bet-
ween the local board and the individual 
registrant is not a formal , legal confrontation, 
and therefore specifically excludes legal counsel 
from participation is such meetings. Judge 
Peckham, however, agreed with Weller 's con-
tention fhat the personal appearance before the 
local board is far more serious in tenns of its 
potential effect on a registrant 's life and liberty 
than many other forms of administrative 
hearings where coWlsel has been regarded as a 
right, such as secW'ity clearance investigations. 
"Certainly, failing to establish a conscientious 
objector claim is as serious as the impact of loss 
of access to classified information," he said, 
"hardly what most people would consider 'right.' 

In the other major case, Guy Porter Gillette is 

A-l on h.~r mind 
And A-1 Custom Contours on his 
body In no-"or solids. strIpes 
and patterns tvoderately flared. 
neel-to-toe slan t flap pockets_ A mInd full at only 
S1t toS1Japaif 

appealing hiS conviction for failing to submit to 
induction on the grounds that his religious 
training and belief is unconstitutionally 
discriminated against by the requirement in the 
draft law that conscientious objectors be op-
posed to all wars, not just the specific wars in 
which they might expect to fight. 

war is in conflict with their beliefs or not. These 
faiths hold that there are situations in which war 
is a justifiable means of resolving conflict, and 
that the individual is responsible to determine 
for himself and act in accordance with his 
determination as to the morality of a particular 
conflict. 

ficials oppose extention o[ this exemption to 
selective objectors because of difficulty in 
determining their "sincerity." They seem to feel 
that many opponents of the war in Vietnanl 
might take advantage of this difficulty in sorting 
the "sincere" from the "insincere" as a 
springboard to escape service without meeting 
the system's rigorous requirements, which are 
now applied to applicants for the exemption. 

This "selective objection" is the crux of a The draft law specifically excludes from 
-****************************************f Draft counselors agree that an anti-system 

ruling in a case of this sort would greatly in· 
crease the number of CO's. They feel, however, 
that the present regulations unjustly 
discriminate against registrants whose con-
victions prevent them from engaging in wars, 
such as the war in Vietnam, which violate deep 
moral scruples against such wars, but who would 
fight in a war to defend their country against an 
overt threat or would defend their faith from a 
similar incw-sion. 

.. .. 

- .. 
.. 

• 
.. 

• 
It 
It 
It 

• 

-
It 
It 
... 

t-
tr 
tr 
.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

• 
.. 

tr 
.. 

.. 

.. 

It 
.. 

tr 
It 
.. 

• 
• 
tr 
tr 
It 
tr 

• 
• 
.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

It 
.. 

• 
• 
.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

It 
It 
It 
.. 

.. 

.. 

It 
.. 

.. 

It 
tr 
.. 

.. 

.. 

tr 
.. 

.. 

tr 
tr 
It 
.. 

tr 
.. 

.. 

.. 

.. 

., 

.. 

tr 

What will actually happen with these cases is 
up for serious question because of the un· 
certainty of newly appointed Justice Harry 
Blackmun 's effect on the (Aw-I's outlook on draft 
cases. Although the (Aw-t's recent rulings 
against the system have generally been by a 
margin of five to three, it is entirely possible that 
Blackmun may be not only personally con-
servative on this issue, but also able to convince 
other justices to adopt a more conservative 
stance. 

Proof • • • (Continued from page 8) 
habits. 1 don't think that it is that 
unrelated, however. To the con-
trary, as the non-growth goal 
becomes established in community 
after community, so the moral need 
to do something realistic about over 
reproduction should become more 
apparent. It would be obviously 
wrong to attempt the exclusion of 
immigration while allowing un· 
controlled emigration. And if non-
growth were a local goal, it should 
be that much more visible to the 
reproductive unit itself, the family. 

****************************************** 
The need to elect and retain no-

growth officials on the local level 
cannot be overstated. 

major dispute over the whole conscientious 
objector status. On one hand, some churches 
hold as a doctrine of faith that their members 
must decide for themselves whether a specific 

exemption these adherents to the just war 
doctrine , and has traditionally required op-
position to all wars as a primary precondition for 
recognition . Presently, Selective Service of· 

William Thwaites 
Co-founder of Zero 
Growth of San Diego 
1369 B St. 

Population 

Scheer ••. I continued from page 1) 
communism. then I am a Communist"'. 

When commenting on one of Nixon 's policies, Scheer stated, 
" Nlxon's peace proposa l was nothing of the sort. It shocks me 
that pcople believe it to be. That is just about as shocking as if 
Adolf Hitler was to turn around during World War" and say_ 
. ow we shall take care of the problem of the Jews' . Nixon 's 
doctrine of de-escalation is really escalation. The genicidal 
nature of the war has been increased . This is the Nixon 
Doctrine. The Nixon. Johnson and Kennedy governments met 
up with complica tions in the Southeast Asia War. The 
complica tions wer.e the same because they were not rcally 
Interested In getting out. They wanted to get out without 
admitting defeat. What the ruling class fea rs is tha t unless 
defeat in Vietnam looks like victory. peasants in olh r 
countries might get the idea that they too can defea t the U.S. 
Empire. Will Sam be defea ted by a small country? This is the 
complication ... 

Robert Scheer is presently running for the U.S. Senate on the 
Peace. ~ nd .~re dom Party ticket. "Smash U. S. 

Impert~.lt sm. Scheer said. "My campaign runs around this 
slogan. Oppo mg cheer for the same office is John Tunney 
·· Is Tunney not a lesser man ?·' asked Seheer. Can you elect a 
guy who con&ratu lated J . Edgar Hoover a nd the F'.B.1. on 
Angela DaVIS capture? Can you elect a guy who doesn't 

suppo~t th . farm-workers? When I read that the Bank of 
Amertca bUlldln~ was .burnt Ithi s was over my breakfast) it 
made my day. If It dldn t make yours. then don 't vote lor me.' · 

San Diego, Calif 92101 

-Ecology ••• 
(Continued from page 8) 

Water Oualily Control Board 
On the state level. the Water Quality Control Board is 

responsible for the quality of water . They establish waste 
dI sposal standards for water for municipalities and industries. 
Standards are se t at public hearings. and it is a misdemendor 
to discharge waste without a permit. When a violation has been 
com~itted (detected through either tate water samplings or 
publlc complaints to the Board), the regional Board issues a 
" cease and desist"order. The Board can then issue a schedule 
o~ compliance, or a building ban can be imposed on the 
Violator. If there IS stili no compliance, the District Attorney 
Will take the matter to the uperior Court, where the violator 
if con~ic(ed. will be fined ~6000 a day until he complies with th~ 
Board s orders. These stiffer penalties for violators are the 
result of a new 1970 pollution bill. 

The Water . ontrol Board .follows the ruling that di charge of 
~aste IS a prl.v llege. not a right. Therefore, to obtain a permit, 
llcense must Implement a monitoring system which ties into a 

c~ntral sta te control . thereby giving a running account of 
di scharge rates to the board. 

Historically. Mr. Berkmen of the Board feel s that 
municipalities ha ve been the biggest problems in thi s area in 
termsof pollutio~ . becaus th re are more municipalities than 
there IS Industry In thiS area. Also, b ca use municipal projec ts 
are funded by voter approved tax bond s, they are slow to 
chan&e methods of operation in awa iting voter-a pproved fund s. 

InCld ntl y. the UCSJ) is also monitored by the Boa rd for 
waste disposa l through the drains on the Scripps Beach. 

[iIJ CUSTOM CONTOURS A.S. Referendum Slated arts 
writers 
needed 

Page 2 

REBEL shop 
Plaza Camino Real Carlsbad 

Metro Ticket Agency 
Fashion Valley, San Diego 

Triton Times October 30, 1970 

A referendum, open to all UCSD un -
dergraduates, will be held November 2~ by the 
Associated Students. Three questions will ap-
pe,!r on the ballot : 

( I ) !o prohibit. the AS Council [rom passing 
resolutions on natIonal or international politics. 
Henceforth , such questions would be referred to 
the voters in a referendum . 

(2) No general stud nt strike shall be called 

unless approved by the students in a general 
election. 

(3) Shall it be the policy of the stud nts to 
op~se building takeovers, window smashings , 
pollce over-reactions, etc. 

Ballot boxes are located on Revelle Plaza , at 
the entrance of the Muir dorms and at Matthews 
Cafeteria. ' 

Bring yow- yellow AS card to vote . 

see terry 

King Snedley-The Selling of a Beer 1970 Community Services 
by Owen Joyner 

Associate News Editor 

If you 're reading this article now, undoubtedly you 've met 
King Snedley. And Princess Fatoona . And th rest of the 
stooges. A clever put-on you say. You 're right. More preci ely 
a 1/4 million dollar multimedia put-on direc ted at the 18-34 age 
ma rket target (currently belonging to Coors and Olympia 1 by 
Charles E. Byrd Advertising Consultants. 

Mr. Byrd and hi as ociate Ernie Grauer revealed to the 
advertising class at San Diego State (Journa lism (53 ) 
Wednesday the method and strategy behind their put·on. With a 
multi-media explanation they told the story behind "The Royal 
Family on the Can." 

The two Mod-clad, Sunset Strip members of a Madison 
Avenue species in New York, were approached six weeks ago 
by La Ba Us 'Brewing Co. of Canada who had developed a beer 
they wanted to sell to a drinking crowd younger than the 
proverbial over 40 blue collar guzzler. 

After an ellegedly favorable blindfolded tasting test with 
several hundred college students" the Byrd ad·men, then went 
bout the ta sk of trying to break their product into the market-

a tough job, with 56 other brews to contend with. 
They conducted a study on what they called the " Young Beer 

Drinker" and his response to current beer advertising. The 
young beer drinker , the ad men concluded, was a " totally 
different kind of consumer" than the older drinker. Says 
Grauer, " He is more sophisticated , more resourceful , more 
cynical. He grew up with TV and is much more aware of the 
artful persuasion of the advertising community. He never 
laughs at Hamm's Dancing Bear but always laughs at Pabst 
Old Time Flavor." As for the beer adverti sers, Grauer states. 
" the entire industry reeks of tradition" and is consequently. 
" turning off" this sprawling youth market. 

Byrd and Grauer proceeded to demonstrate how regimented 
the establishment beer companies were in their advertiSing 
approach. With the use of slides Grauer and Byrd ra ttled off 
the barrage of similaritie -"Falstaff-brewed for 4 
generations since 1872 ; Pabst since 1870; Miller High Life for 6 
generations." "The same labels and symbols on the 
cans-pictures of mountains and mountain streams and 
tumbling waterfalls. Heraldic ymbols abound ." The same 
emphasis is placed on the rugged determination of the 
company founders-Augie Bu ch, Joseph Schlitz and Theodore 
Hamm and on the unique quality of the water-" rocky 
mountain spring water. artesian water, sky blue water ." 

Enter King Snedley 
This was enough for the Byrd boys. What they fou nd here was 

a perfect stage for rebel advertisers to dump on the 
establishment and sell the youth on their product. ' Thus Byrd 
and Grauer sa id that they and their creative assoc iates sat 
around a table (drinking Miller ) and came up with King 
Snedley. The re t i campu newspaper history . 

What the Snedley campaign amounts to explain it directors. 
is one huge capitalizing put-on, playing off the stodgy pro aic 
million dolla r investment of their rivals. Take King Sned ley. 
As the ad goes. " His family hasn·t been brewing beer for 10 
generations or even five . (The King's father wa a pearl 
diver.)" The ad continues-"Our beer isn't brought to you in 
wooden carts drawn by mighty steeds. The King feels trucks 
are muth more efficient." 

"In King Snedley," explains Byrd , "we have the perfect 
adverti ing vehicle. The idea has humor. honesty_ continuity 
and longevity. We started with a number of 12-inch two column 
teaser ads for ollege newspapers to introduce the different 
characters and we are planning to introduce other characters 
later on." AI 0 being released now a re billboards. rad io ads 
and uch gimmicks as the King nedley tee-shir ts and personal 

Proposed Fo(u Ity Resol ution 
Supports Seorch Committee 

Carl Neiburger 
Stoff Writer 

Members of the Academic Senate will vote by mail ballot 
whether or not to approve a resolution supporti ng a faculty-
student voice in the selection of a new chancellor for UCSD. 
The resolution was apparently proposed as a response to 
suggestions that the faculty-student ea rch committee 
offi cia ll y established by the University president would be 
bypas ed by the Regents. 

Articles appearing in the Los Angele TIMES and an Diego 
U ION indicated that members of the faculty ad·hoc 
Committee to Save the University were influential in 
convinCi ng som conservative Regents to reject candida tes 
recom mend d by the regular search committee. a nd consider 
candidates favorable to CSU. Among CSU candidatcs were 
Scrippts In tilute Director William Nierenberg , and Dr. 
Ronald Berman of Literature. a CSU member. Said to have 
been a search committee nominee rejected by the Regentswas 
School of Medicine Dean Cli[[ord Grobstein . 

The resolution, as amended by the Academi enate at its 
monthly meeting last Tuesday. reads: The San Diego Division 
of the Academic Senate unequivoca lly xpresses Its 
expecta tions and upport of a continuing and orderly proces 
for the selection of a new chancellor at UCSD. Sp ciflcally, th 
Senate expec1s that our next chancellor will be appointed with 
the consent o[ the president' s Faculty· tudent earch 
Committee. " 

Faculty-Studenl Role Favord 
Senate Chairman Gabriel Jackson explain d that th 

resolution. if passed, will bc scntlo the president who'. in turn . 
will convey it to the Regents. "The resolution." he said , " i to 
reaffirm strongly th faculty-studcnt role and not to hav th 
Regentsbypass us in thc leetion process." 

Acting Chancellor Herbert York sa id he l>llpport th 
resolution and expe ts it to pass. I Ie does not think it will add to 
any division within the faculty . but feels that it will indicate 
how deep the division is. " If it really is a closc issue, we ought 
to know " Th ' han 1101' dded that th re was " no chip-on-the-
'houlder attitud about it (the resolution )'" noting that he 

King Snedley: "Who needs Rocky Mountain Spring 
Water?" 
appearances of Lord Dudley Phipps, the only "rear ' court 
figure. 

At the present the campaign is being directed exclusively at 
San Diego County as a test area because it has the hi ghest 
concentration of people of the 18-34' bracket in the west. 
Distribution has reached 85 per cent of the retailers in the 
county in 10 days according to Byrd. " La t week I couldn' t ay 
this," Byrd told the advertiSi ng class. "but I can say now that 
sales have revealed that the campaign has been very 
ucce ful so far ." 
One student in the class got up to assure Byrd and Grauer 

that he felt it was a great success. telling them how he brought 
some nedley Beer up to anta Barbara and how quickly it 
dis appeared. He went on to say how he and all his dorm mates 
had sent away for the tee-shirts. Grauer smiled and said. ··We 
need more turkeys like you." 

-

III _JurA tM t-.JtJ ftHI ... WN 
""lI'W'n /tilt"",,,,,, .No., 
8m, Mil,'" dr,Il4Hf~ -t."" 
DE \R [D ; btl') nOlA .nli lhen. 
I SfC': 11,1) \ pulM. Si lt In IMlr 
beer Y.lI4h II . 11 abo\l,' 

ALfiE 
Dl4M ALn[ : f ll It 11 ) 0 11 ",l'1li1 
II ', _beut II', .bout la dn'oC' 
tnt crJry ' ~, I kl\C oolhlnl 
lIPIn\l ",h On hud-bolled rIP 
Or rrtnch rrtn 8uI not In my 
8ud. 

PUllin. salt In bar , lOnIC'loi)' 
prrkJ up 1M twad or hHni 
up the tnll: m.kn tht tftr 
"dltel" \Inlh Bud .... c:I~r. Iltoulh 
all tJllt 0:11 do I~ malt II sail) 

kau~ 8ud II alrtad) JUll aboul 
pu(m • 

So1oll't tIM: gh (or It!! poJ"l'Orn. pk4llK Wr pul hurl. soul &Ad our UclU}I~t 8C'cch-.ood 
AJf1nlinio 8ud~tlKr All ,0lI need 10 tnJo) II "a Ibn Of dnnl " "Ihl rrom 1M can. I' Ih.I' llour NI 
'm IfIH'JIIOnJ' ~"'" F.d Mr"a/ton. AflMtiJ~·lhui·h. fff(' , l}1 P,.sIQlo: :ISI ,S, ~'J,Mo. 6JII8 

Budweiser. 
KING OF BEERS. 

How to turn off a market. 

sensed an effort to tone down the resolution at the nate 
meeting. 

Dr. Stanley Moore of Philosophy tated at th r m eting that 
he felt approval of the re olution would indicat denunciation 
of CSU , but he refu ed to explain his remarks to the TRITON 
TIME because. he aid . he does not b lieve the Senate 
meetings should be covered by news media . 

Nierenberg felt that Moore' interpretation was a dangerous 
one because it implied that if the resolution is defeated. it will 
indicate lack of faith in the regular search committee . " If the 
resolutiun i traightforward," he sa id . however. "it is a fine 
resolution.' . 

Douglas : Undecided on Merits 
C U temporary chairman Dr. Jack Douglas of Sociology was 

undecided on th merits of the resolution. lie felt that its intent 
was to " try to bring pressure on the pre ident " lie sa id he i 
" very much in favor of due process, but th re 's a question of 
what due proc s is." 

Dr. Jo ph tokes of the Medical School . who introduced the 
resolution, insi sted that it was "short and direct" because it 
was not intend d to imply any more than it sa id . lie said he 
" did not intend in any way that the resolution be a slap or a 
censure of any memb rs of the Senate ." lie introduced th 
motion. he said. " primari ly because. in tim s of troubl . it 
behooves all f us to support systems that a r fragl ll'." Il l' 
fe I that th ystem of : lecting a chancellor i partieula rl 
vulnerabl to attack 

In as essmg the mood of th enate In g n ral lhl ' Y ar. 
hairman Jack on said that th faculty showed a " lack of 

enthusiasm" which he f It re ulled from 'lhe "collective lfect 
of budget cuts and political harrassment by the governor and 

leg i ~lature." li e said. however. " I hope the Senate Will take 
rious a lions In th lin of Improving und rgraduate 

t a hing" 

Discussed at UC 
Six of the nine campuses were represented Sunday- when the 

Community Service Projects Committee met at Irvin for 
its first meeting of the 1970·71 year.Th committee, which is 
organized tatewide. is an advisory body to William Sh pherd. 

Each yea r monies are given by the regents from one of their 
special -funds to finance in part, community projects ThIS year 
$245,000 was available.' The funding is accomplish d by the 
regents matching 2. for every $1. . pu~ up by thc Campus. The 
committee ha the task of as Igmng how the money IS 
distributed. 

No centralized office exi. ted last year, and th 17.000 which 
San Diego received wa s split between three groups who had 
projects going in and for the communi ty . These groups were 
BSC and MECIIA . who are operating tutorial project and 
cultural awareness projects in the barrio and ghetto area of 
San Diego, and the Community Interaction group. which 
worked as the People-ta-People organization from May 
through the summer and is now continuing under It old name. 
Representa tives last year were Sherry Compton for 
Communi ty Intera tion and James Clayton for BS -Mecha. 

This year under the A.S. Commis ion r of Community 
Service the fu nd ing will be more centralized. The 
representatives this year are Bruce Mord n elected 
Commissioner of Community Service and Karen Wat on who IS 
on the Executive Committee of the olunteer Service Center. 

The Committe serves another function, that of coordinating 
information from the various campu es. Most campuses differ 
in their organization structure but all are concerned with the 
solutions to problems in the community. Th B rkeley and 
Santa Barbara campuses are most active, with twenty or thi~ty 
projects being supported. Almos~ all of the programs whl.ch 
involve students at Berkeley are aimed at eventual Commumty 
responsibility for the project. At almo t every campu the 
Black and Chicano student are work 109 10 th Ir own 
community ., The committee is also taking upon Itself the charge of 
attempting to raise additional funds both from the Regents and 
from outside sources. Each campus u ually works through It 
own Gifts and Endowments Office [or outside ources. The 
committee felt that the requests would be tronger if they 
came from the University a a whole in tead of pieeemeal 
from each campus. 
In the future the committee will look further mto additional 

fund to establt h guidelines for budget allocations and deCide 
who receives the 245.000 for the fI cal year of 1971-72 

Library Hours 
The new entral IlIver ity Library will fleet a new policy 

regarding certain off-campu library users. Effective 
Novemb r I. 1970. high ch 01 and other eeondary chool 
student will not be permitted to use the library after the hours 
of 5 p.m. on weekdays and all day. aturdays and undays . 
These students may obtain entrance. how ver. through 
Individual written requests from high chool official . 
Impl mentatJ n of thiS policy may require that UCSD and 
other college stud nt - be asked to ·how their tudent 
regi trallon receipts or I. D. cards belore entenn lh librar~ 
during the IlIghl and weekend hours. 

The main fador contributing to thi . deCISion is the effec ll\-e 
budget cut which permits or.l)' mllllmal staffing for nl ht and 
wcekend operation of the Central UllIversity Library.1'hus. the 
increascd gathering of high school students in the library 
effectively reduces both the quality and quantity of service 
that can bc given to C.D faculty and students 

Regular hours of serviee in effeet for the fall quarter for all 
campus libraries are summarized below. Changes from these 
regular hours during holiday or quarter breaks will be posted 
as required. 

CENTRAL l iVER ITY LIBRARY 

Monday - Friday 
aturdav 

Sunday -

pecial Colle tlons 
Mondav - Fridav onlv 

CLU TER'I LIBRARY 

Monday - Friday 
aturdav 
unday · 

BIOMEDICAL LIBRARY 

Monday - Friday 
aturdav . 

Sunday ' 

GI EERING 

M nday - Friday 
Saturday 
Sunday 

RIPPS IN TlTUTION OF 
OCEANOGRAPHY LIBRARY 

Monday - Friday 
atu rda y 
unday 

Support the 

8:00a .m l1 :00p.m_ 
9.00 a.m. - 5.00 p.m. 

2.00 p.m - 1l 00 p.m. 

12 ·00 oon - 5:00p.m. 

8:00am - 11 OOpm 
9.00a.m - S:OOp m 

2:00p.m. - ll :OOp.m 

800am_- II _OOp.m, 
9:00 a.m. - 5'00 p.m. 

1'00 p.m. - 11 :00 pm. 

8 00 a m - 12 Midnight 
9.00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m. 

12 ' 00 'oon- 12 00 Midmght 

8 OOa.m. - 1I ·OOp.m. 
!I:()() a.m. 5·00 pm 
\ ' OOpm 9.00pm 

CRISIS 
CE T 

239-0325 
Triton Times October 30, 1970 Page 3 



triton till1es 
University of California, San Diego 

La Jolla, California 92037 
(714) 453-2000, eJlt. 1016, Advertising ext. 1017 

.Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The editorials expressed below are approved by the TRITON TIMES Editorial Board. All other opinions 
expressed on thiS poge are those of the authors whose names appeor in the bylines and do not 
necessarily reflect the views of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit material to b~ published in 
this seelion should send it to the Editorial Director , TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD. 

Election Day 70 
TueMiay is Election Day, '70. Walter 

Cronkite will glimmer over the tube in wise 
omni$Cience. There will be glooting victors 
and humble and bitter losers. The 
democratic process will be at work. Ah, isn't 
it lovely? 

Being cynical about elections is old hat. In 
'68 we complained about having no choice. 
The issue, the referendum 'on the war, had 
been lost long before November. In '64 we 
voted for one thing and got another. 

If it' s any consolation, though, some of 
the past elections were issue-oriented. The 
depressing aspect of Campaign ' 70 is the 
greater lack of substance than ever before. 
The media men have gone crazy. Reagan is 
actually clooking himself in ecology and 
education. Tunney strolls along the beach, 
his Kennedy image flapping in the wind. 
The Murphy people hit us with, "The 
radicals want Tunney in the Senate." 
Concrete issues such as the war aren' t 
di$Cussed. And the sad shape of the 
economy is a hot potato that the President 
and the Democratic Congress toss back and 

forth . 
But " fortunately" there is one issue 

certain politicians are willing to discuss. It is 
that new phrase in the political vocabulary, 
the "social issue." What is the social issue? 
Well, from here it appears to be an attempt 
by greedy politicians to make political 
headway out .f the superficial 
manifestations of deep-rooted problems thot 
nation still will not really come to grips with. 

The attempt to capitalize on fear has 
been the most offensive part of politics in 
Campaign '70. There will be winners and 
there will be losers on Tuesday night. But, 
given the mentality upon which Campaign 
' 70 has been waged, the American people 
themselves are the real losers. 

There are choices to be made TueMiay 
and we urge you to make them. But doing 
your duty at the ballot box is only the 
minimal requisite fOf citizenship. We must 
start now with grass-roots efforts if '72 is 
going to be any different. We must demand 
more from the electOfal process. 

Let's have Some Beer 
It seems that about this time every year 

that old horse, beer and wine sales on 
campus, is dragged out. This year the topic 
takes on a new light, as our neighbor to the 
southeast, San Diego State, is presently 
voting on this subject. The general feeling on 
that campus is that if the student body goes 
along with referendum the administration 
will abide with its decision. 

The question that this action raises is one 
of legality_ An attempt was made last year 
to allow the coffee hut to sell beer. The 
request was turned down with the 
explanation that certain regulations forbid 
this type of sale. Point one was that the 

. coffee hUJ run by ASUCSD operates under 
the auspices of the Regents, and there is a 
Iowan the books that an agency of the state 
cannot sell alcoholic beverages. Point two is 

that there is an ordinance farbiding the sale 
of alcoholic beverages within one and one 
half miles of the San Diego campus. There 
are, however, some minor loopholes in the 
second regula lion. 

From our viewpoint, however, the whole 
question of these legal technicalities is a 
moot one. These regulations are similar to 
ones during the period of prohibition; they 
are worthless because they have no 
regulatory value. If a college student wishes 
to buy beer or wine, he has only to go to the 
local IiquOf store. Why are we letting these 
people profit, when the AS could use the 
funds for student-oriented events? It is our 
belief that a concerted effort by the students 
and administration could overcome any of 
the minor legal difficulties that stand in the 
way. 

Less Sex For 
Those Who Smoke 

People who indulge in the vice of smoking are apt to be less 
adept at another vice .. sex , according to three prominant 
Brazilian doctors. After ten years of tests involving 200 people, 
the doctors, Moises Fish, Pedro Albuquerque, and Predo Brito, 
concl uded that smoking causes damage to the nerv9US system 
which impares sexual performance. 

"The vice of smoking really does cause a reduction in sexual 
activi ty in persons aged bet ween 25 and 40," Fish told the 
newspaper 0 GLOBO, " since the nicotine poisons the central 
nervouse sy tern and affects the whole bod y. " 

.. People who do /'ot smoke show a more intensive sex life and 
so do those who giv .~ psmoking." sta ted Albuquerque. 

triton. tillles 
Editor-in-Chier . .. Haywood Gammon 
Ci ty Edilor ........ R! rh J-/pimlif'lI 
Managing Editor . . .... Mike K layer 
Copy Editor .... . .. e hu('k Crah~m 
Ru iness Manag er ....... J eff Fri ed 
EditorialUireclor . . Raou l Co ntreras 
As!>ociate City I-d itor" .. Owcn JO} ncr, 

John :\la~wcll 
Arts Editor ..... . . . . Tcrn Ba rak 

I S port~ Editor ....... Rod,~ ' lI alfon 
PhoJ/lgraphy Editor .... John Zail er 
Conlrihutinll Editor . .. Slc \ e Landau 

News Department 
Rod Lorang 
juli ... wc Ci~qu. 
Ro se DeCosta 
David KapeluSln ik 
Kathy Rusl 
Corl Neibu,ger 
Raberl Miller 
Molly Selvin 
8ruce Morden 
Mike Kanlro 
Mike Roth 
8renda W,lson 
M,ke Lyons 
Mike Tawney 
Jim 5,11. 

Arts Department 
Joy Gille"e 
P.t.r Gordon 
Bobbie Fink 
lorry Johnson 

Artists 
Sarah McKenna 

Adverlising 
Deparlmenl 
Mark Trilling 
Susan Code. 
Molly Set.in 

"lion Sekula Secretarial Stoff 
Georg e SOloni Steve Coken 

Aul Managing Ed 
Joe Eastern Copy Deparlmenl 
Camy Sharick Sharon Weldy 

Debbie Monlgomery 
Production Gleno Schroeter 
Dove 8uchbinder Molly Monlgomery 

The TRITON TIMES " off,c,ally recogn'zed and .upparted a. a .Iudenl new.paper by 'he CommunICations Boord 
of Ihe Univers'ty 01 Col,lorn,o, Son ~iego . 8uild,ng 250, Mallhew. Compu •• Lo Jolla . Col, lorn, a 92037 .. Publicahon 
is Iw'ce weekly on Tuesdays and Friday •. Off,ces are located ,n room 117, 810ke Hall, on Ihe Revelle Compu •. For 
Adverl ising phone .53· 2000. Xl017 ; lor edilorialornewsphoneXtOt6. 

Page 4 Triton Times October 30, 1970 

I. 
'}. . !J. 

PHONE PHONf 

-

\1 II 
II Jl 

Parables 

R. I. P. PLP 
Heavy Metal Kid 

Mass . society works on the principles of 
cata tomc control, where the majority has been 
educated enough to easily absorb authority's 
needs and desires. The illusion of independence 
is the fundamental hallucination from which the 
corporate state draws its enormous flexibility . 
Everyman and·woman is an independent sponge . 
Even dreams are manufactured , much less the 
cartoon characters parading across the 
" political" turf : combinations of Goebbels 
Barnum, and Disney. Given the specifics of th~ 
case, the differences between George 'n Ronnie 
'n Jess 'n Johnny, is merely a matter of ho~ 
they were fabricated. 

Their audience. meallwhile, combines the 
diff~rent facets of ignorance, prejudice, 
selfishness and repitition-compulsion that they 
continuously appeal to in the m<jrket-place of 
con. And after all , only the rich can really play 
anyway I It' s a spectacle, and the passive 
spectators insistlhat it be spectacular. Though 
as everyone realizes, the only campaigning that 
penetrates Sunday afternoons occurs at half-
time ! It' s no accident that Hitler got the idea 
for t~e colossal Nuremberg rallies from 
watching the hystena loosened by an American 
football game. In America, where the customer 
is always right, the majority is always wrong. 
Or, as Eva Braun once sa id . " Behind every 
great man, there sta nds a great woman." The 
reality behind the hysteria and the con is as full 
of life as Kafka's stories: only Kafka had the 
advantage of not living inside of them. 

F.or us that luxury r~mains an ever-reced ing 
honzon, as we keep gomg through things twice. 
Above and beyond it all it is " the job" that nails 
everything down tight. Today, " the job" no 
!onger means even working ; just keeping busy 
IS all that's required- but it is required ! That's 
why'you are ~ll here .. -the elite being educated 
to fIll the hIgher rungs of the bureaucra tic 
machinery. Educated? As a six-year old boy 
intervIewed on the streets of La Jolla sa id : " I 
get up at 8:30. I eat my breakfast. Then I go to 
the job." When asked what he meant by " the 
job" he said, "school , of course. " 

Actually while you put in your time and 
squander whatever teenage energy you have 
left . over from high school's totalizing 
stenllzatlon, you do learn some techniques, 
most of them being how to keep the hostility of 
the working class dIrected away from its real 
enemy, the ru ling hierachy it supports so 
.extravagantly. For the most part , you are the 
sons and daughters of that hierachy : you are 
learmng how to "con" and ca ll it reason. In the 
university the senility caused by conditioning 
b comes a communicable disease. The 
universi~y insures the hi fa ·hy. guaranteeing 
that It WIll continue to precede existence. 

Up until now, th idea of senili ty was 
preserved for those crushed in old age by the 
wear and tear of survival. For those whose 
m ntal activity went defective before their 
vegetable fun tioning- - - to the embarrassment 
of all concern d, since it was their misfortun 
to represent the truth of stasis- - -living death. 
To then:t fell the ac~ual inheritanc of progress : 
the abIlIty to live WIthout comprehension. I twas 
said that they " lived too long." 

Today, in the smoggy mIsts of capitalist 
utopia . senility preceeds old age (why wai t? J. 
The exploitation of " youth" takes shape in more 
ways than one ! The hierachy of power has 
arranged for the organization of appearances: 
conditioning, which is the poetry of power, 
makes sure that senility alone is the valid 
criteria for admittance. 

The spectacle covers its tracks by making the 
veneer thicker, less penetrable, that is, even 
more cosmetic. For those bewitched by the 
apparatus , " youth" is the cosmetic of senility, 
and semlIty the actual state of power. At one 
pole stands the luscious vacuity of "easy rider ," 
at the other, the fetid detritus of that mullet· 
belly, Milhous Nixon. Senility is the actual 
program of the state: the university its hones' 
broker! _ 

We have reached the stage where to be alone 
is criminal activity , where thought is indeed 
subversion, and real dreams send shockwaves 
of panic through the turnstiles and endless 
subdi v.isions. Where puncturing routines is 

mor~ Important that the working-class, whose 
routmes were last sung about in style by Snooky 
Lanson. Subversion, that is, thinking and acting 
coherently, knows no limits- - -no time and no 

spa~e . Look around . The possibilities are 
lImItless . . Just as the poverty of your lives as 
students, IS also without limits. 
. T~e compression you have already undergone 

lImIts the powers your imagination might have. 
Thus you continuously pose the questions of 
vIolence/non-vIOlence (where non-violence 
means Sitting inahallway unfi t for even Kafka, 
or in a road, ridiculous). Look around. There 
are no limits on non·" violent" activity. 
Interrup t routines. Maybe have . .. Its more 
than you might think . Every act of liberation is 
also your liberation. For most of you, it is too 

~uch to expect that you might sta rt small! But 
remember, there are no small acts of 
liberation, just completed scenarios. The 

strugg l~ . after all is for the unique, for 
subJectIVIty. The alternative is something you 
know qUIte well-- -you're already living it. 

Express your 
ideas 

in 
TRITON TIMES 

Send letters 
and columns to 

Editorial Direclor; 
TRITON TIMES 
117 Blake Hall 

UCSD 

:11(::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::=:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::.:.:}:. 

ill! View from Fant8syland :l~: 

The Dying Left 
Carl Neiburger 

The American left is in the final stages of 
destroying its effectiveness. Having doggedly 
pursued ideals without yielding to the realities 
of American society, having displayed an 
inability to learn from mistakes matched only 
by that of the establishment they have attacked, 
the entire spectrum of people known as the 
"left-wing" has reduced itself to the stage of 
being incapable of wielding any effective 
political pressure. Ecology is the only issue 
raised by the left which has not been completely 
rejected by the public. 

The Viet Nam war has been successfully co-
opted by the Nixon administration. By reducing 
and restructuring the draft, playing down 
military action, pushing "Vietnamization," and 
making rhetorically strong, if diplomatically 
questionable, peace efforts, the President has 
given the left few strong issues to churn up . The 
facts of the war have changed little, but the 
administration 's rhetoric has changed 
radically. While a substantial portion of the 
American public still doubt the administration's 
motives, they no longer have the force of high 
death tolls and outragious atrocities publicized 
in news reports to back their contentions. 

demands that criminals be puni'shed. The " man 
on the street' apparently is motivated more 
strongly by "common sense" answers of 
revenge on the culprits than more genteel long 
range solutions. The grass roots, ranging from 
construction workers in New York to the Kent, 
Ohio grand jury, has backed establishment " law 
and order"forces completely , without 
considering how moral or effective the right 
wing solutions might be. 

Relative to failure on other fronts, the ecology 
question has been a glowing success for the leCt. 
Why has it won acceptance from the majority of 
Americans, among other issues pressed by left-
wing groups. First and Coremost, all Americans 
are oppressed by pollution. By definition, only a 
small portion of the population belong to 
oppressed minority groups ; a similar minority 
are among the destitute. The average, patriotic, 
member of the majority cannot bring himself to 
say that for all his life he has been the dupe of 
the same capitalist exploiters who he has fought 
wars for and looked upon as heroes. Everyone, 
however, is against pollution. The very 
companies which are most responsible for 
exploiting nature run campaigns of full page 
advertisements telling how they are working for 
ecology. No politician can afford to come out for 
destroying America-the-Beautiful. 

But the degree of enthusiasm expressed by 
the majority for ecology takes a lot of fun out of 
the issue for many members of the left. 
Leftists, who have gotten used to feeling that 
they are at the vanguard of important issues, 
have difficulty working with members of the 
common majority to complete the solution of 
the problem. 

Domestic issues have slipped from the control 
of the left largely through the efforts of 
irresponsible, egotistical " revolutionaries" 
who, under the impression that they are the 
vanguard of a movement supported by the 
majority of the populace, have underscored 
attacks on the left by Wallace, Agnew, Reagan, 
and lesser demagogues. Problems of the poor 
and the minorities have been drowned by 
concern of "middle Americans" for their lives 
and property being threatened by both common 
criminals and "radicals," the identiJication of 
the two having been successfully merged by the If there is one thing that leftists do not do, it is 
prosecution of left-wing leaders and people who to place themselves as equals to the majority of 
claim to be engaged in radical activity with for Americans and work with them, and not for 
involvement in particularly notorious crimes. them as benevolent nobles. They act like a class 

Sociological explanations for the rise in crime by themselves, and have been accepted by the 
in this country, intellectually sound as they may pulic as such. Naturally, someone who sees 

:::: be, do not satisfy the demands of the public for himself as an "average citizen" is not ready to :;: :~;: solutions as effectively as do politicians' take the leftists to heart. :;: 
~:;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:":.:.:.:.:.!~::;:~:·:·:·:·:·!w:-::·~~·:.:·:·!·:·:·:·!·:::::;:;:;:;:;:0:·:·:·:·:·:::·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:.:!:: 

Opinion 

Munsinger On Race and Intelligence 
John T.E. Richard son 

The "reasonableness' of the hypotheses of Professor Mun-
singer in his treatment of racial differences in IQ, and the 
relevance of the evidence he describes, require a clear un-
derstanding of the conceptual issues involved in the 
psychological study of individual differences in ability. This, I 
would like to argue, is something that none of us has, not even 
Professor MlUlsinger. At the same time, however , it would be 
instructive to consider the problems involved in such a study, if 
only to rule out a naive acceptance of the IQ measure as telling 
us anything important about intelligence or any other 
psychological attribute. 

MaID Driterion: Predictive Value 
~Q tests are sets of problems chosen deliberately such that the 

abilIty to solve them may be used to predict an individual's 
future success in education, in hi~ occupation, or in society in 
general . Items included in tests are chosen entirely for their 
predictive value; those which do not predict are rejected. The 
usefulness of JQ tests rests upon a correlation between the 
abilities studied in such tests (naively, the ability to do IQ tests) 
and the ability to succeed in a society. 

S~ch a correlation is established by standardizing the tests on 
a given sample of the population before extending their use to 
the population as a whole. Notice that the construction and use 
of IQ tests makes no reference to the notion of "intelligence," 
which psychologists have made little attempt to analyze, con-

~eptually or experimentally. Originally there was some interest 
~ what constituted intelligence : highly intelligent people were 
given difficult tasks to solve, and they were required to describe 
the cognitive steps they took in corning to a solution . Intelligence 
was therefore related to the efficiency of a problem solving 
strategy. 

Prediction the Chief Concern 
However , from the very start, the chief interest in IQ tests has 

been thl' prediction of success. Intelligence itself has been 
neglected considerably, perhaps because the criteria we use for 
ascribing the predicate "intelligent" are not themselves 
correlated very highly with the achievements in society of the 
person so described. Only a very specific set of abilities are 
sufficiently well correlated with success to be useful . 

When we are presented with a set of results from IQ tests, we 
have to decide first of all whether or not to accept them as 
predictions. We ask, is the group tested here sufficiently similar 
to the group on which the tests were standardized? Obvious 
cases can be thought of where tests cannot be used. It would 
clearly be silly to give an IQ test in English to someone wno did 
not speak the language, for example. However, in the case of 
racial differences in the United States, the predictions do seem 
to work out,' at least in a very broad way. Negroes commonly 
perfonn less weU on IQ tests, and they are also less successful 
f1:om educational, professional and aocio«onomic points of 
View. 

Given differences between groups of individuals, as in this 
case, we must then ask, what do the results mean ? Since the 
notion of "intelligence" has no conceptual role in the for-
mulation of tests, it would be facile to refer to the results as 
following from "innate" differences in intelligence. Because the 
function of IQ tests is to predict achievement, the finding of 
consistently poorer performance on the part of a cultural group 
can mean nothing more than that this group may be expected to 
achieve less, but this is because of biases in society and not 
because of any innate differences in ability. 

If a test which is of high predictive value is shown not to be 
"culture-fair" in this way, this points to a lack of fairness in a 
society and not to any fault in the test : if it predicts, it does its 
job. Of course, tests which are biased against a cultural group 
can be made culture.fair, but they then lose their predictive 
value entirely, as was shown by Ferguson in a precisely 
analogous case, the testing of English-and French-Canadians on 
induction into the Canadian Army. 

Differences A Result of B[as 
Thus differences between cultural groups on IQ tests are a 

consequence of biases in education, occupation and society in 
general against one of the groups. Rather than spend their time 
trying to squeeze out differences in IQ score's, psychologists 
ought to spend their time looking for the most striking biases 
and for ways of removing them. 

I am not denying that genetically or environmentally 
associated correlations in IQ scores may be found , but until IQ 
performance is tied down to something other than success in 
society, no meaning can be given to such estimates of genetic 
and environmental influence beyond their role in the statistical 
analysis of behavior. Assuming that test performance has been 
tied down, Jensen and Munsinger permit themselves lofty 
speculations concerning inherited sources of ability and racial 
differences in intelligence, but their pronouncements are quite 
vacuous until the psychological machinery of IQ testing is ex-
tended conceptually to relate psychological attributes to success 
in society. 

Important Problems Ignored 
At the moment the field is in a state of acute conceptual 

poverty. In particular three important problems have been 
ignored: (a) Is there even any such attribute as "intelligence"? 
(b) If there is such an attribute , in what ways can it be 
evaluated- what measurement properties does it have? (c) 
What is the relationship between intelligence and the abilities 
involved in IQ tests? 

Of coW'se, Professor Munsinger is right to claim that "to rule 
out an obvious, reasonable hypothesis on political or emotional 
gro\D1ds is disasterous to free inquiry." But to make an unoh-
vious, controversial asaertion without an adequate un-
derstanding of the mderlying conceptual issues is foUy. 

The Libertarian 

Economics of Getting Busted 
William toddard 

Capitalism is a social system in which resources are 
controlled by individuals and by their voluntary associations on 
the basis of private property, free trade, and the profit 
motive. Socialism is a social system in which resources are 
controlled by those who are regarded as representatives of the 
grou·p or of the state, on the basis of government ownerShip, 
central planning, and direction by some preset scheme for 'the 
good of society.' 

When you lJuygrass, you buy it from a dealer who got it 
through voluntary exchange, who does the work of moving it 
from a place where it doesn't have much value .. the grower .. to 
one where it does have a lot of value--ultimately your head. 
This earns him a profit which allows him to go on in business. 
Since there are a lot of dealers, you can choose between them. 
If a dealer sells good dope, you buy from him again, he gets a 
good reputation, he makes money, and he sells more. If not, he 
roses money and goes back to being a consumer, getting his 
money some other way. 

The growers went through the same process; they bought the 
seeds, planted them, took care of them. and made a profit or 
loss according to whether they anticipated your demand for 
grass correctly or not. Everybody's in it Cor his own good ; 
everyone finds out he does better if he benefits other people, 
and the people who can't do this in the dope business get an 
incentive to move elsewhere without being damaged seriously. 
This is the anarchy of production .. in the best meaning of 
"anarchy," the ideal of purely voluntary cooperation that 
benefits or leaves unharmed all the people involved. 

When you get busted, the people who bust you are generally 
working for the government. Busting people is a non-profit 
venture , carried on for that central plan for the good of society 
known as the narcotics laws. The police don 't get any loss 
signals from harming people, except through the long 
roundabout process of voting, which takes years; and they 
don't have to worry about reputation with their customers .. 
they're outside the anarchy of the market. And, if the pigs 
don't represent the state, who does? Grass. like rock music, is 
run on a wholly capitalistic basis ; the police. the jails. the 
draft, and all wars are run on a socialistic basis as are the 
schools which indoctrinate people to think this whole idea is 
reasonable. 

Could the police be made a market enterprise? Well , the 
b<Kic function of police is to settle conflicts. Right now. they do 
this about as efficiently as Russian agricultalists produce 
wheat (5 per cent is grown on the 3 pcr cent of Soviet 
agriculture land which is privately owned and run for profit) . 
Suppose that, just as with dealers, you could hire any 
policeman you like to protect you, or do it for yourself. or use 
some system completely different from police. Each person 
could hire as much defense against aggression as he wanted. 
Since aggression takes at least as much money as defense . and 
gets people into conflict with you for longer times-
nonaggressive people get into conflicts as a rare accident. 
aggressive people are there permanently-and since any 
company that favored aggressors would quickly lose the tru t 
of its non-aggressive customers and then have only customer 

.. who constantly caused trouble for it and themselves. being 
aggressive or destructive would gel to expensive for people to 
afford . [t is now. in Cact .. government is supported by proceeds 
of past aggressions, not by the payment of people who want to 
aggress. and would still collapse if large numbers were 
unwilli ng to suffer its aggressions and set up defense systems 
to stop the process. Free market police would have no 
incentive to bust people who smoked the wrong plants; this 
would lose them customers and get them in expensive conflicts 
with the doper"s various police systems. Capitalism works 
beautifully for producing rock music, computer teChnology, 
and ways of getting high ; its long since time to use for 
protecting people from violence. If the massive violence of the 
state is ever ended , it will be the free market that does it .. 
socialist plans have been tried . and have never worked . 

Triton Time, October 30, 1970 Page 5 



Page 6 Triton Times October 30, 1970 

The hHlustrial Environ"'Ht: 

An Attack Against 
Death & Disease 

by John Hamer 
(C PS)-This week nearly 400 very special 

Americans will die needlessly. Not in Indochina, not in 
airplane accidents, not on the nation 's highways. 

They'll die on the job, in American industry. In the 25 
years since World War II,America 's factories, foun-
dries, mills, plants and shops have been killing their 
workers at the incredible average rate of about 15,000 
per year. 

In addition, every day 8,500 workers are disabled on 
the job. 

Every day, more than 27,000 workers are injured on 
the job. 

And every year, some 390,000 workers contract 
occupational diseases, many of which are crippling, 
chronic, or fatal. 

That this carnage still goes on and the conditions 
which cause it are not eliminated is a damning in-
dictment of corporate indiffert:nce, governmental 
inefficiency and, until recently , labor apathy. 

But the move to clean up and make safe the in-
dustrial environment, where some 80, million working 
Americans spend half their waking hours, is beginning . 
Small groups of union members , college students, 
environm entalists , doctors, scientists, and even 
legislators are coming together to form strong, active 
alliances. The problems are immense; the obstacles 
formidable. But the many horrifying hazards of 
America 's workplaces have engendered great 
dedication among the new crusaders for the health and 
safety of American workers. 

An example of the lethality and toxicity of industrial 
environments is demonstrated. 

Workers in the American textile industry are almost 
unanimously assaulted by a trio of dangerous hazards 

College Press Service 
in weaving mills, most of which are located in Southern 
states. Clouds of raw cotton fibers cause a serious 
respiratory ailment known as byssinosis , from which 
100,000 workers are now suffering and to which another 
250 ,000 are exposed. Breathing tiny particles of 
asbestos, a hazard in textile mills since the 1800's, 
results in asbestiosis, a loss of lung function , or 
mesothelioma, a deadly form of lung cancer which is 
unique to those who have breather asbestos dust. And 
finally, eardrum-damaging noise pollution in mills is 
among the worst in American industry, with workers 
constantly exposed to decibel levels above 100, w~en 85 
decibels are harmful . 

Nonetheless, a textile industry trade journal recently 
described byssinosis as "a thing thought up by venal 
doctors who attended last year's International Labor 
Organization meetings in Africa where inferior races 
are bound to be afflicted by new diseases more 
superior people defeated years ago." The industry 
continues to deny that conditions in their plants have 
any relation to lung diseases and breathing problems 
among workers . 

Among student efforts , one which shows promise is a 
newly formed project by Environmental R,esources, 
Inc., one of two lasting organizations which grew out of 
the Environmental Teach-In and Earth Day last April 
22. In their head office in Washington, DC, the five 
initial members of the project have started building a 
working resource library, establishing contacts with 
labor unions , medical schools and environment groups, 
and writing a general handbook on the problem and 
several brief booklets on specific problems and 
diseases. 

Led by Rick Atkins, a third-year medical student on 
leave from Stanford, and Paul Witt, a Stanford 
political science graduate , the group stresses "sen-
sitization " to workers' problems and local initiatives 
by coalition groups of students, workers, and com-
munity members. They have received a $20,000 grant 
from the Stern Foundation to begin work , and their 
advisory board includes Leonard Woodcock, Stewart 
Udall, Willard Wirtz, and George Waldo 

Among specific student activities they will help 
organize and promote are: 

-<onducting inventories of local industrial hazards 
and applicable laws ; 
-holding seminars and teach-<luts on the problem of 
in-plant pollution ; 
-setling up regional, week-long training sessions at 
medical schools for union representatives and 
university students. 
In addition, the project members hope to interest the 

national media in the problem, perhaps elicitin~ a 
network documentary. They also want to establish a 
national toll-free telephone number for workers to call 
for specific answers on industrial hazards. 

The absence of effective federal laws has long been a 
major hindrance to workers' efforts. The Occupational 
Health and Safety Bill, introduced this year in the 
Senate by Harrison Williams and in the House by 
Dominick Daniels, both New Jersey Democrats, shows 
considerable promise. The bill was described by for-
mer Secretary of Interior Stewart L. Udall as "the 
most far-reaching work of environmental legislation 
(disguised as labor legislation ) to come along in 
decades. " 

A telling comment on the bill's potency is the fact 
that it has been vehemently opposed by the U.S. 
Chamber of Commerce and other industrial lobby 
groups. The bill is strongly endorsed by the AFl.rCIO, 
the UAW, Environmental Action and other informed 
organizations. 

Among its provisions , the bill would : 
-give industry the "general duty" of providing 
workers "a place of employment which is safe and 
healthful; " 

~mpower the Secretary of Labor to set national 
health and safety standards for work environments ; 
-<all for unannounced federal inspections of work-
places and prompt disclosure of the findings to 
workers ; 
-allow the Secretary of Labor to impose fines and 
seek court action against employers who violate the 
"general duty" or specific standards ; 
-permit the Secretary of HEW to publish a list of all 
known or potentially toxic substances- including 
those workers specifically request ; 
-allow employees to refuse work , without loss of 
pay, in areas where toxic substances are found at 
dan gerous concentrations. 

P~ssage of this bill would go a long way towards 
realizatIOn of the goals industri al envi ronmentalist 
dream about. But the bil l's future is not at all clear 
partly because it has not won widespread, activ~ 
support among the bulk of trad itional environment 
groups. 

"The .environmental groups are rightfully up in arms 
abo ut aIr pollutton In the Delaware Valley and oil slicks 
along the Gulf Coast," Mazzochi once charged "but 
they are blind to the places where blue col1a~ em-
ployees earn a living . They think the 'environment' 
begins out there in thl! trees . They really don't believe 
industry is killing its workers . 

Special supplement to tile triton times 

ABOUT THE SUPPLEMENT 
This supplement is an attempt by a small core staff to deal 

with a particular topic of interest in a more in-depth nature 
than is possible in regular news coverage. It offers a chance for 
exploration of more creative literary and grapbic forms. Its 
scope is to include the San Diego community as well as 
nallonal issues, when appropriate. 

We would like to continue this as a regular feature and are 
now planning issues for this quarter on Student Housing and 
Community Relations; and Law, Order, and Justice. A few 
staff positions are still open and must be filled , though, if we 
are to be able to continue. 

This issue deals with a backneyed subject: ecology. Last 
year, in the midst of tbe national eartb-day craze, the 11 did a 
special ecology edition. In tbis supplement we concentrate not 
on defining the problem, but in trying to see what has and is 
being done about it. Is the ecology movement just a passing 
fad? 

Tbe articles presented here wUl not be all· inclusive. They 
will also be of a news-analysis nature. 

The first article examines a La Jolla group of particular 
relevance to university residents, in an attempt to explore the 
internal dynamics of ecology action. A general article follows 
which attempts to give an overview of the San Diego ecology 
scene. 

The first article examines a La Jolla group of particular 
relevance to universily residents, in an attempt to explore the 
internal dynamics of ecology action. A general article follows 
wbich attempts to give an overview of the San Diego ecology 
scene. An article of environmental legislation is accompanied 
by one on big business' ecology PR tbat also asks' what a 
report on UCSD's own ecogroup, the Bureau of Environmental 
Design, and a column by Dr. William Tbwaite of San Diego 
State in wbicb be attempts to redefine "progress. II 

Please inquire at the TRITON TIMES office soon if you are 
interested in belping in tbis effort. 

La Jolla Shms Prottdin Association 

Ecotactics: A Case In Point 
,11m I,lndlu 

f,nlrihlint [diler 

"La Jolla is a nationa lly recognized example of progressive 
env ironmental thinking on a community level. ·· 

So says John Rose. whose group. the La Jolla Shores 
Protective Association, is trying to preserve those aesthetic 
qualities which have come to typify the " jeweled city ." a it 
has been affectionately dubbed . The group has been in 
ex istence since late 1964 . and has remained relatively non· 
controversial. However. one of its crusades made headlines in 
the local press recently when La Jollans tried to stop 
bulldozers from leveling trees at the corner of Ardath Road 
and Torrey Pines Road. They were only successful in saving 
temporarily two of the largest trees_ 

The trees were located on a 4.5 acre V·shaped parcel of land 
where the Gulf Oil Company wanted to build a one million 
dollar "car care center ," and was seeking a re-zoning permit 
for the area . Gulf lost the fir st two rounds . First the Planning 
Commission, and then the City Council rejected the request for 
rezoning.Gulf may yet be successful ; a pending change in city ' 
ordinances would change restrictions on service stations. 
However . this incident sheds light on the developing dynamics 
of the ecology movement. 

A column by Dr_ William Thwaites, printed elsewhere in the 
supplement, points out that "progress" has traditionally been 
synon ymous with more intensive development. A 
counterva iling force against business and industrial interests 
has never been present. In the Gulf Oil case, the La Jolla 
Shores Protective Association raised the only dissenting voice 
to the proposed project at the original hearing before the San 
Diego Planning Committee on July 8. 

Association gains support 
Yet, in the interim. the Association was ablc to build a viable 

and powerful coalition. They garnered the support of the La 
Jolla Town Council. a neighborhood citizens ' group, and La 
Jollans, Inc., a non-profit corporation formed by local citizens 
to monitor community development But, even more 
importantly, ha lf a dozen persons bought a full ·page in the La 
Jolla Light to print an open letter " to all who love La Jolla ," 
and an accompanying questionnaire . The results. tabulated by 
the Town Council. showed that 2,809 opposed the proposed reo 
zoning, and 61 favored it. 

The tactics must have had their effect on the City Council 
and the Planning Commission although some members were 
not happy with them. Commissioner Frank Thornton criticized 
the publicity in the La Jolla paper, commenting that the zoning 
case "already has been tried and decided in the press. I hope 
that in the future . groups won 't attempt to coerce the Planning 
Commission, he said. 

While the city government may be seen as the protagonist. or 
at least the obstacle to be overcome. by many local ecology 
group s. the situation is somewhat different regarding La Jolla. 
There seems to be a consensus not only between the three local 
citizens groups. but also with the city. The consensus is built 
around a document known as the La Jolla Community Plan_ 

The plan. submitted to the City Planning Commission in 
January, 1967. was the culmination of a 21!2·year study 
commi sioned by the La Jollans, Inc. They had engaged the 
services of Rea l Estate Research Corp. in April . 1964, a 
economic consultants. to advise them on the growth and 
market potentials of the commu nity. Inpu ts from city 
government as well as the La Jollan citizenry were utiliz d in 
developing the plan_ 

In a cover letter to the ity, a companying the report Jame 
Fairman. Planning Director for an Diego. summed up the 
objective of the report : 

"The resulting plan may be viewed a a realistic 
compromise between varying intE'fest within the community 
at large. The La Jolla Commu nity Plan recognizes thaI growth 
must be accomadated, but in a manner which willnot result in 
the destruction of community values and assets. It is an 

outstanding illustration of the results that can be achelved 
through coopcrative illustration of the results that can b 
achieved through cooperative citizen,clty efforts working on 
matters of mutual interest and concern." 

The plan was officially accepted by the City Council in April. 
1967, and effort s since then have been directed toward s 
implemcnting its recommendations. Its import was again 
highlighted in the Gulf Oil case when residents were able to 
cite the low-density residen tial zoning called for by the plan. 
for that particular area . 

Plan puts forlh recommendations 
The recommendations of the plan build upon assumption that 

" La Jolla is, and should remain a primarily seaside. 
residential community, made mostly of single-family I\omes_ 
Secondarily . it continues. "it is also a vacation area . popular 
because of climate. beaches, and scenic coast, rather than 
because it pretends to be fashionable . "The plan conclude : 
" The well es tablished single family area of La Jolla hores i 
very stable with a long economic life ahead ___ and possesses a 
superior environment that should be preserved. Any future 
pressures to change the denisty and character of this area 
should be vigorously resisted. ,. 

The specific recommendations call for a residential den ity 
of not more than live dwelling units per acre. The plan calls for 
concealing utility transmission equipment underground . 
maintaining natural topography, and preserving ocean views. 

Architechtural a ward could serve as an incentive 
" Harmony of development and architectural excellence in 

public and private structures should be fostered ," the plan 
says. Accordingly, it recommends that a rchitects solicit 
feedback from the public, and suggests that an annua l award 
for architecture might serve as a good incentive_ It states that 
no new outlying neighborhood shopping center should be 
created. and that any new office facilities should be developed 
on a selective basis. 

Beach lands currently in the public domain should be 
preserved as park areas. and other parks and open spaces 
should be encouraged , the plan sta tes. Other recommendations 
concern traffic flow and parking problems. 

The plan emphasizes that current methods of control. such as 
density zoning. won 't be adequate. and ends with a plea for a 
"continuing citizen's agency" to serve as a watchdog. and 
means of implementing the spec i~ics of the plan. 

L.J.S.P.A. eOllor ed plan 
The La Jolla Shores Proteclive Association seems to be one 

of.· the groups that ha risen to thi challenge. In 196i the 
group 's Board of Directors adopted a statement of purpose that 
included an endorsement of the La Jolla Community Plan. 
With a current membership of some 300 person , the 
Associa tion can claim as members nearly one per cent of the 
community's 30.000 inhabitants. The formal structure of the 
group entails a 15-person Board of Di rectors, and 14 landing 
comm ittees. The new chairma n of the Board of Directors is 
John Rule. of Architects and Engineers at UCSD. The area of 
ac tivity of the A sociatlOn, it should be noted. is limited to that 
area referred toas "the Shores," and not La Jolla Proper. 

In addition to the triumph over Gulf Oil. WSPA claimed 
credit for obtaining residential zoning for a lot across the 
street from the peedee Mart. and for preventing the 
subdivision of a large parccel of land on La Jolla Shores Drive 
It i currently cone rn d about 

In addi tion to the triumph over Gulf Oil . LJ P.A claimed 
credit for obtaining esidenlial zoning for a lot aero s the 
street from the Speedee Mart. and for preventing the 
subdi vision of a large parcel of land on La Jolla hore Drlve_ 
It is currently concerned about the expiration of a height 
limitation on new buildings in the Shores. and a proposed 011 

• shore island for ci ntiflc research . among other things. 

~ Possibly two faces of WSPA 
C'/'"l Is the La Jolla, hores Protective As oeiatlon really part of 
~ : ' the ecology movcm nt or is it jusl a rich man's attempt 10 

preserve an enclave of luxury') P rhaps It is both Ther se ms 
to be a dellnlte stram 01 the "lltlle·old·ladles- ln·t nms·shoes· 
syndrome" In some of the more r sp ctable and established 
conservatIOn groups. and a lack 01 real awarencss 01 lhe larger 
ramificatIOns and app licatIOns. olten polillcLlI. 01 th' c('ology 
movement. Would those same persons who help ~e that the 
Shores' n('w "ClubdolTIlnlUm" was prohlbltt:'d frol11 haVing 
night IIghling on the t('nms (·OUIL sec any ('onnedlUn bt'tw('en 
the ir ('!forb and rrforts to appropriate mon(':. Ln light ratt' In 
tile glil'lto ." 

Yel whil(' La Joll ... is ('crtJIIlI\ lather lo~\ on till' list 01 
l'culugy and otli('I'WIM' I J~agcd a Il'.IS. th .. , 1'1 tOi I, 01 ('Itl/ens III 
thai ('onuTlunily to gUIde tliell el1Vlrunn ('ntal dl'~l' lopnll'nl 
provide a !-loud cxample III sun'c" llIl l'Ollllllunllv a('lltJn 
programs. Thl' La JullLlns al'r lortunall' enough to have the 
lime. monry. and m1luen('r to wage Ihe ~md ot batt! that 
IInny cnmmunilll's would like to wage Thl' La .Jolla : 1111 res 
ProtectIve ssocialloll has bet'n abk tOJ LuirJ 1l.L \-Iv,,, I vT ib 
r illlcns to lhl' poin t where It (,Lln hi' a ('ount n-alling torce 
aguillst out ' l(\e Interests /Is such. It I1'lcssajtt' to 'eulogy' 
minded p ople Its potenl. th' a:t rc 'erve of peopll' powcr I, 
th 'r~ : Itlle ds only tu be harne~s\.>d . 

Triton Times Odober 30, 1970 Page 7 



Ecology Struggle 
n Many Fronts 

11.11) SfI~i. 
Any effort t tl accu rately cata logue all, or even most of 

the existing ecology or environmental groups in the Sa n 
Diego area, must be carried through with extreme 
perserverance. For though often the prospective 
cataloguer is baffled by the multitude of individua l self-
styled ecology crusaders such as the notorious Fox, more 
often than not, the cataloguer is frustrated by con-
tinuously reaching the out-of-service and disconnected 
telephone numbers linked to functioning ecology groups. 
In any event, the following is an attempt to describe 
many of the active and interesting environmental groups 
operating in and around San Diego. 

rimy Pines Association 
According to spokesman. Dr. Wittaker. the Torrey Pines 

Assn.·s campaign lo save the pines has been a success. The 
group has just negotiated the purchase of 70 acres of the 
Fletcher Property. and the Slate of California is preparing to 
take it over as state parkland . This new land is ac ross the 
lagoon from the original parkland on the Del Mar side. 
Although they anticipate termination of their organization with 
the uccess of their park campaign. they are still solicitating 
funds to establish a nature center on this new land. The center 
will be set up with a museum. teaching materials and a 
resident naturalist. The group is also considering measures to 
clean up the lagoon in Carmel Valley near Del Mar. 

Another group which also continues to pit itself against land 
developer is the Ci tizen 's Coordinate for Century 3. They are 
currently engaged in fighting a projected San Diego 
Consolida ted Co. (CO ROCK ) sand and gravel extraction pi t 
on a U.S.-Mex. border mesa. The land. according to CCC3, 
was intended to be used as an interna tiona I border park to be 
built with tate funds . However. these funds have not yet been 
raised. CCC3 is also planning to take action against housing 
developments in Carmel Valley. Mt. Pinyoskitos, and against 
the South Bay Terrace Apt. developments. The group is an 
enlargement of an old group of the same name.ln 
addition to the committee concerned with land u e, CCC3 also 
has committees dealing with other areas of the environment. 

SIR Diet. State Ecolijy 
According to William Thwaite. professor of biology at San 

Diego State College. there has been an ecology department 
formed within the biology department at State. The 
depar~":Ient . as a whole. according to Thwaite. is being very 
SCIentifiC and does not try to be 'evangelistic' at all . The 
department feels tha t ecology is a science and they are thus 
concerned with recording, . predicting and understanding 
ecology. In a time of emotion and reassessment of va lue 
systems. we need someone who will still dispassionately 
collect facts , says Thwaite. There are perhaps 15 professors in 
the department and they have a joint doctoral program with 
UC Riverside. • Zero Population Growth 

Some of the environmental groups operating in the San Diego 
area are local branches of state of national organizations. One 
such national group with a San Diego county-wide membership 
of about 400. is Zero Population Growth. William Thwaite was 
a charter founder of the San Diego chapter. The group is small . 
but growing rapidly. and is committed to a non-population 
growth policy. At meetings. once a month , they try to recruit 
members and money to send to the national organization which 
hires lobbyists on sta te and national levels. Basically the group 
is a political one. according to Thwaite. and can legally lobby 
where some others can ' t because of tax structures. 

RECYCLE 
~nsr[ PAPfR 
n D cnRDS 
Pinel THEN 

:IN CRRDBOARD 

BOXES 

SAVE A lRE 

-

Naturalists. usually local. make and narrate their own films. 
Since their organization in 1942, spokesman Mrs. Cox says the 
chapter has been mainly a nature education club. They 
would ,like to change their image and tactics but are afraid to 
engage in any lobbying , advocacy, or law sui ts for fear of 
losing their tax-free status. At present the most they can do is 
to appear at hearings, write letters and keep their membership 
informed of issues. Currently they are trying to find out from 
the national organization and the government. just how ' far 
they can go in terms of action without losing their tax-free 
sta tus. OB Ecology Actiln 

One of the most interesting groups in the San Diego area 
from the standpoint of their philosophy towards ecology, is the 
Ocean Beach Ecology Action group. President Tom Bailey 
explained why his group is so unique. Most groups, he 
commented, are concerned with making little changes in the 
environment; saving trees, stopping a land development , or 
distributing ecology decals. These groups then think they're 
doing their part to save the environment when actually they 
are nol. They are driving their cars just as before and adding to 
the air pollution. eating non-organic food which creates more 
of a demand for such food , and having more children. which 
simply adds to an already overcrowded world. Radical 
changes. he and hi s group feel. but not necessa rily violent or 
militant changes. are needed to save the environment. As an 
example. to facilitate life Without a car. communities need to 
be redesigned. It is evident. Bailey said, that money intersts 

dominate zoning policies. Communities are not zoned to 
accomodate people. but facilitate business. Communities so 
designed . force people into segregated economic areas. and 
into u: of a car. 

This wider approach to problem solvi ng is also manifest in 
the area of popula tion control. Ba iley feels it is not enough just 
to stop population growth through birth control ; popu lation 
movement into an area such as Ocean Beach must al 0 be 
topped , lie feels tax money is being used to induce people to 

come here through . often times. dishonest advertising . The 
enlarged business that this migration bri ngs. benifits very few. 
Also. often times. those who uproot themselves to come here. 
lured by promises of advancement, gain our sunny climate. 
rind the place not so great. and are actually unhappy with their 
move. 

Concerninj! the actions taken and ptanned bv the j!roup. 
Bailey alluded to a coalition of ecology groups including the DB 
Ecology Action whlcn stopped planned army construction of a 
jettr In Ocean. Beach. Al so. recently the DB group. again in 
conjunction With a lot of other ecology groups in the area 

conducte~ a street fair in DB. They et up tables with 
informatIOn and people, in a vacant lot in DB. and talked to 
people who came by about ecology. According to Bailey the 
fair went quite well and was well attended. They are 'now 
planning to try to stop approval of the money for the SST 
program from passing through Congress. and to demonstrate 
against the Rohr . Corp. in San Diego. one of the builder for the 
system. They al so have a stree t theatre concerning ecology 
and conduct frequent bike- ins. 

Co mmun ity Planning Groups 
Bailey feels that if ~veryone cares. " we can change things. 

The . whole ecology. thing IS fundamentally right ; the world is 
getting worse. and It must be changed ... 

The 19 community planning groups which work with the city 
government in developing a master plan for development are 
examples of both local citizens groups, and a part of the city 
government. These pIanning groups are usually outgrowths of 
homeowners associations concerned with the future 
deve lopment of their area ., If they de~ire to be a community 
planning ~roup, ~hey must f1~st be offICIally recognized as such 
by the cIty. WI~h recognitIOn , they are then permitted to 
formulate a detaJled master plan of their area . The city has its 
own . master plan but it is not in detail. Formulation of a 
detailed master plan by ~ne of the~ groups will usually take 
two to. three years . Th.e city staff .w.11I work with the planning 
commIttee. The traffIC dept. orrlclals will help with street 
plans, utIlity dept. people with sewage and sanitation plans, 
and the pla~nlng dept. Itself will also aid the group. When the 
plan IS furnished , the group takes it ,to the community and it 
then goes before the Planning Commission and from there to 
the City Council ~or appr~val by each group. With final 
approval by the CIty CounCIl, the detailed plan is made an 
ammendment to the city 's master plan for that particular 
area . The 19 areas represented by. the planning groups do not 
cover all of the cIty of San Diego. Many areas remain 
unrepresented . oftentimes awaiting development. 

(Continued to page 2) 

The Burden of Proof is on the Wrong Side 
Dr. William rhwaite San Ditgo Slate 

Thwaite feels that there is not too mu to " we can see in the The fight to clean up the en- depends for its prosperity on our as already preserved. I think the 
near future that is politica lly feasible as far as getting family vironment and control population uncontrolled population growth , And developer should have had to prove 
size down, There is much that i politically fea sible as far as growth would be made a lot easier if we have a system of political laws his case by ringing doorbells, 
taking the fir t step towards stopping development of the we could identify individuals and and habits which are locked into the gathering pennies , holding 
county however." They' re trying to interest legislators and 
planner in blocking installation of new utilities and new sewer corporations who are the arch- " inevitable and desirable" growth meetings, talking to school children, 
branches. and freeways into undeveloped areas All of these villans. There are , to be sure , the syndrome. collecting signatures, and prevailing 
improvements promole population growth. "As I see it. tryin big-time developers and land We need only look as far as our upon philanthropists to contribute to 
to foster non-g rowth philo ophy will sow the seeds of a non- speculators. And there are still a few local planning commisions for his cause. As it was, essentially all 
growth morality." says Thwaite . Right now on the County public officials who urge and examples. There we can see the he needed was the desire and the 
Board of Supervi or they have two supporters. Scheid Ie and promote growth as i/ it were ultimate future (20 years hence) and money. The system under which he 
Walsh. who have b en voti ng a non-g rowth policy. The~ are progress. (Note, for example, the re- the long range future (6 years operated is analogous to the "guilty 
only one vote awa~ "To win the ecology battle we'lI have to elect Wilson billboards in Mission hence) all planned to accomodate until proven innocent" concept. The 
re hape va lue s~stems ." The main thing is education on all Valley which urge readers to " Keep the inevitable growth. Sewer ex- pines were to be cut down unless 
levels to convince businessmen that non·growth is in their going, keep growing, ... ") tensions , road extensions, power proven needed. All 0/ this is rather 
interests, ierra Club Certainly an en vironmental extensions, etc. are there in detail so discouraging until one looks very 

Two familiar nation-wide conservation group are the Sierra crusade could concentrate on the that we will be prepared lor the closely for elements 0/ change in the 
Cluband IheAudobonSoclety The ba 'icgoal of the Sierra Club elimination of such superficial onslaought of new Southern wind. And there are some. Take for 
is conservation of the envIronment and assertion of leadersh ip symptoms of the environmental Cali/ornians as they enevitably flock example Del Mar City Councilman 
in educating the public in the appreCiation and protection of the crisis, but only a solution which to the ideal climate and land 0/ in- Dick Rypinski, who points out that it 
country's natural resources. There are 33 chapters. some focused on the fundamental causes finite opportunity. is perfectly legal for a city council to 
90.000 members In the .S. with headquarters in an Francisco would be worth pursuing . Un- To /ul/ill their forecasts , City "down zone " parcels o/Iand. And he 
and olfices In Washington DC Los Angeles . and ew York The /ortunatel y our population and Councils and Chambers 0/ Com- knows very well that in the long run 
group was foun<l 'd in 1892. and il is one of the largest and oldest environmental problems seem to merce then conspire to attract new neither more houses nor more in-
groups of Its ;ind . The loeal group has 2700 member and was have deeper roots than can be industry . And there are those who dustry will pa y their way in taxes , 
founded in 1,4 Ils activiti s include w ekly outings. bike ascribed to a relative handful of worry about what an outbreak of let alone add anything beneficial to 
hikes. sailing and mountain climbing At the moment th yare super-devils. It seems rather that peace might do to the job market. the en vironment. He is an excellent 
working lor pa 'sage 01 PrOpOSitIOn 18 and Proposition A. They our civilization has long operated on " We must guard against that too," proponent of the no-growth position. 
rccently wou ld up th campaign to extend the Torrey Pines two assumption s which are no they say. Currently lfle five -member County 
park . raising 89 000 0111 of th n eded 80.000. The group also longer true. These are that ( I ) Yet another example of our out- Board of Supervisors has two no-
hpa s an ongOllg project to buy up holulngs ill n()rr~~o SLate population growth is inevitable, and moded political habits was seen growth voices. An election and a 

ark I pnvatt rprcels of land within the park I . and they also h h h ' b ' t 
roller! alumir urn cans that (2) population growth is recently in the saga of the Torrey trial or two mig t c ange tIS, ut I 

Audobon Society desirable. Pines extension , You will recall that is important to note how realistic a 
Population Notions A Part of Our the citizenry of the San Diego area no-g rowth Board is in terms of real 

The blg~es ~ prOject the Sa n Diego Audobon Socicty IS Society had to gather $9000 ,000 and exert politics. presentl~ Inv olved With IS the maintenance of a wildlife B . 
an tuaryon 167 acres In Wild Cat Ca nyon ncar Silverwood . The mere fact that these every sort of political pressure to aSlc Institutions, Assumptions Need 

The sanctuarj is open to the public Sunda y and Wedn ' sday, assumptions lit so nicely together preserve even part of the remaining Change 
while dUring the rest of the week. school groups and other does not make them true . Rather I stands of this unique tree. Had this While disallowing a sewer ex-
groups are taken through th park by the resid nt naturalist by view them as a valient attempt to not been done, the area would have tension or expansion may be the best 
appointment. The Audobon group has had th sanctuary for make the best out of a disagreable been " developed ." hope for clean air in southern 
about five years now and have re 'en tl y acquired a new pIece of situation. People have a great Basic Assumptions "Backwards"" California, this sort of policy ma y 
land whIch compl te the 167 acr s. Other activities of the facility lor this type of fatalism . We It seems to me that our basic seem remote from the ultimate goa l 
group include a film sen and Jr. Audobon Cl ub . The film are ha ve even figured out an economic assumptions were back wards . of restructuring our reproductive 
part of a national project and 250 chapters now parti ipate. which to a certain extent Eve area should be r@'~ Il ,·d4l!~d (Continued to 21 
~~~~~~~~~~55~55~~~ 5E~ ~5a 
Page a Triton Time, October 30, 1970 

The Nation's Legislators Chase 
The Ecology ~!~kdwagon 

sian Wriltr 
The hallowed halls of Congress. as well as state legisla tures 

across the land. have not been immune from the e ology 
fervor . A growing number of lobbyists are now beseiging our 
elected representatives. Madison Avenue and Hollywood seem 
to have caught on. too. and they're helping candidates grab 
their share of the ecological action with slick TVI commercials 
and other advertising. 

The year of the environment. 1970. got orr to an impressive 
start with President Nixon's signing of the ational 
Environmental Policy Act. In signing the bill he sa id : "The 
great question of the seventies is . shall we surrender our 
surroundings, or shall we make our peace with Nature and 
begin to make reparations for the damage we have done to our 
air. to our land. and to our water? ., Clean air , clean water. 
open spaces - these should once again be the birthright of every 
American. If we act now. they can be." 

Club formed in 1892 
The idea of protection of our natural resources and 

wilderness area has been around for a long time. John Muir 
formed a club to "explore. enjoy. and protect" back in 1892. 
But with the exception of perhaps Teddy Roosevelt. 
conservationi sts have had few vigorous supporters at the 
federal level. The Sierra Club, long environmental activ ists. 
have had trouble influencing national policy, especially since 
the Internal Revenue Service decided that any group involved 
in political lobbying per se was not eligible for tax-free status. 

Also, the scope of the ecology movement has expanded 
beyond the moren narrow definition of conservation. When San 
Franci cans press for bicycle racks in public garages, and 
even "clean air" gasoline fail to make significant inroads into 
stopping air pollution, politicians break out into a sweat. 
Besides, no one has yet come up with a good reason to support 
the destruction of our environment. 

Is Seeming Environment Consciousness Meaningful? 
1970. Sweaty politicians in close races . Speech writers and 

candidates learning how to use the words "ecosy tem" and 
"environmental" to their best advantage. But words come 
cheaply. A look at one day's Congressional Record should 
convince anyone of that. But are any really meaningful 
environmental measures forthcoming? ' 

A hopeful sign was the introduction of over two hundred 
environmen-related measures in Congress so far in 1970. What 
happened to them? Finding out is truly educational for anyone 
willing to wade into the quicksand of legislative procedures. 
Bills disappeared for surprisingly long periods of time, many 
of them never to reappear. The momentum existing in January 
seems to be gone. Some examples? In February, enough was 
left to pass legislation establishing a Commission on 
Population Growth and the American Future. April produced 
the Water Quality Improvement Act. By June, in a fairly feeble 
action. the Clean Air Act. was extended for one month. By mid-
July, the best Congress could do was to allocate " up to 
$100,000" to help the National Park Service utilize volunteer 
services.· 

Finding Friends is Complicated 
Even finding out who the friends of the environment are is 

complicated. You might ask how many bills a legislator had 
authored . This is unfortunately not too reliable an indication. It 
was so easy to be recorded as the co-author of a measure that 
the number of authors of a piece of legislation has recently 
been limited to twenty-five. Voting records are not always 
available for the few measures reaching the floor for a final 
decision . since the roll-call vote is not necessarily taken. 
Legislators who are foes of the environment are ex tremely 
hard to detect, since much of their activity takes place in 
committee meetings, and usually there is no one watching. 

Fortunately for us here in California. someone has been 
watching. The Planning and Conservation League (PCL) and 

the sta te's number one priority for 1970. it is hard to see how 
lhe volcrs of San Diego county can return to office men with 
voting records as bad as these. . 

A hOpei ul sign 'Vas the introdudion of over two hund red 
environment-related measures in Congress so far in 1970. What 
happened to them '! Finding out is truly educational. for anyone 
willing to wade into the quicksand of legislative procedures . 
Bills disappeared for surprisingly long periods of time. many 
of them never to reappear. The momentum existing in January 
seems to be gone. Some example? In February. enough was 
left to pass legislation establishing a Commission on 
Population Growth and the American Future. April produced 
the Water Quality Improvement Act. By June. in a fairly feeble 
action. the Clean Air Act. wa s extended for one month. By mid-
• Jul~ . the best Congress ('ould do wa s to allocate " up to 

Three San Diegans " charged" 
Among those charged in the Index with being "accomplices" 

in the murder of environmental legislation, are three from the 
San Diego area : Senator Jack Schrade, Assemblymen Richard 
Barnes and John Stull. Votes were recorded by the PCL as 
"good ", or for the environment, and "bad", or against it. 

In the Senate, Schrade voted : FOR delaying construction of a 
Southern Crossing Bridge over San Francisco Bay until further 
study (SB 331) ; DID NOT VOTE on a ban of smog-producing 
cars five years from now (SB 66 ); AGAINST a measure for 
public beach access (AB 493) ; FOR a public transportation bill 
(SCA 18); and AGAINST legislation designed to fight air 
pollution (SCA 13 ). Of these measures. all were passed to the 
Assembly or the Governor with the exception of the last, SCA 
13, which was killed by a vote of 20 to 17. 

PCL gives the two Assemblymen bad marks for their votes 

UCSD's Bureau of Environmental 
Design Changes Name, Outlook 

Brrnda Wilse. 
Star! Wrilrr 

Ecology Action, known la t year as the Bureau for 
Environmental Design. is going to try this year to get more 
people educated and involved in the ecology movement. 
"We're going to emphasize the positive aspects of ecology 
action and try to get away from the 'chicken little' idea a lot of 
people have about environment group . Mo t people think that 
it's just not that bad without knowing about the problem." said 
Abby Esty. 

The BED was started last year in October and got the 
organic garden and the Muir Commons Health Food Store 
slarted . Members participated in the march on Lindbergh 
Field . and other ac tivities with other ecology groups. Despite 
the popularity of the ecology movement last year. the number 
or people involved at U SO was only about 20, "and that' s a 
generous estimate". sa id Abby. 

The garden is now run by Ken Frankel and Phil 'arver. Over 
the summer a great deal uf this year's harvest rotted because 
students who worked on it during the year went home . " We 're 
still harvcsting fruits and vegetable. and the winter crop has 
been partially planted . although exactly what and how much 
will be planted has not been decided. A gre nhous will 
possibly be added this year." said K n 

.. Ecology Action is cur rently involved in workin~ I' r four 
propositions coming up on the Nov. 3 ballot." sa id Torn Norri ·. 
Proposition A is lor an "Environmental Opportunity Trust 
Fund" lor San Di go County. The development of a wild animal 
park in San Diego is the goal of Proposition B. Propositions I 
and 18 d al with eliminating pollution of air and water for the 
State of California , 

E.A. is working with Ocean Beach Eeology (' ti on and a 
group from San Di go Sta te. Another curr nt projec t is 
newspaper recyeling . .. Boxes will be ~oing around and p ople 
are encouraged to put their newspap rs I n them in t ad of in 
garbage cans," sa Id Abby Esty. Sh said that any moncy made 
will go toward publication of educational matenal on the 
environm nt 
"The best wa y to save the environment IS to chang' the profit 
'ystem:' sated Esty, "Corporations are not going to stop 
polluting until it becomes unprofilabl " Norris talked about 
the fact that the San Diego a & Ele 'lric Company is now up 
for its contract renewal with the ' ity 0 San Di go. Th Clean 
Air 'oun 'il of Sa n Di gu is trying to get regulations r lating to 
air pollution passed for th SDG&fo: becau it is one of th 
major polluter ' of th ba y. 

Erol gy Action h Ids meetings once or twit' a month on 
Wedn sdays. For mor information. th offlc is In lh old 
wing of 250 on Matth ws ·ampus. 

$100.000" to help the National Park Service utiliz' volunteer 
services. 

Based on sta tistics from the Digest of Public General Bills 
and Resolutions, several imporl<Jnt measures have passed one 
house of Congress Among them are a bill to authorize a study 
of Lake Tahoe for possible classiCi 'ation as a National 
Lakeshore (S nate No. 2208 ~; the Resource R cov ry Act 
which stresses recirculation of re ources (llouse No. 11833 ), a 
bill authorizing use of the exist.i ng 10 per cent federal tax on 
revolvers and pistol s to establish a Federal Wildlife 
Conservation Fund (llouse No. 12475 ~ and one to amend the 
Clean Air Act to . in part. provide $300 million for fuel and 
vehicle r search and $475 mIllion for other Clean Air research 
(House o. 17255 ). These measures have passed the chamber 
indicated and have to pass th oth r . 

Phil. by Jim Rapptl 
on the following measure ill the Assembly ; an amendment to 
AB 818, to prevent the building of power plants in public parks ; 
an amendment to AB 818 for local control of parks; AB 2088, 
concerning river access. All three measures were defeated by 
7 votes or less in three cases. 

The bill AB 493, concerning beach access. passed the 
Assembly in spite of their opposition. They supported two 
environmental bills that were also successful--AB 79, a bill to 
remove lead from gasoline by 1977. and a rapid transit bill . 
ACA 38. 

In the California State Legislature. like the Congress. the 
flurry of activity in the environmental area has been great and 
legislative aides in many offices have been kept busy drafting 
new legislation. However, the tangible results of this activity, 
thus far , might only be to contribute to the depletion of our 
lumber sources by overuse of paper products, as well as our 
growing trash and refuse disposal problems. 

Ecology on the State Ballot 
There are three enviro'lment-related propositions on the 

Ca lifornia ballot this November . Propo ition I authorize the 
state to issue $250 million worth of bond . The revenue from 
the bond would be u ed to a id local governments in building 
sewage treatment plants and other waste disposal facilities. 

Since federal fu nd are made avilable to California fo r such 
projects on a matching basis. the availability of this 250 
million locally will greatly Increase the amount of federal 
money being penton alifornia . 

Thi bond is ue. if it passes. will help us fulfill the need for 
b tler waste water reclamation facilitle . The late Water 
Resource ontrol Board estimated that thes facllitle Will 
cost $888 million over the nex t ftve years , 

It i likely that thi I sue will pass. since no oPPosition 
argument was filed in the official pamphlet sent to voters , 

Proposition 18 is probably the most controversial mea ure on 
the ballot thi ov OIb r. This proposition is concerned with 
the state's seven cents per gallon gasolln tax whi ch. since 
World War II. has been used exclusively for the building and 
maintenace of tate highways. 

Backers of this proposition feel thaI some of this money 
should be used to help reduce the number 01 auto. on the road 
and the amounl of smog being produc d They have propo d 
using up to 25 p r cent of the local share of lunds !(enerated by 
this tax for transit facilitif's Thes lund: alon would not be 
enough. but again. the~ would bring In much more money In 
matching lunds from Washington 

enator Randulph 'oilier of Yreka IS a chic! opponent 01 this 
mcasur ' . and signed a ballot argument stating. "Gas tax 
revenues an.' not nearly adeq uatc to meet uur prrsent needs .. 
According to the <Irgumcnl. highways ' Will be allowed to 
del rior<ltc With resultin!( accident faCilities and congestion .. 
Co llier last year backed a buost In lhe gas lax for more roads . 
and warned that PropositIOn 18 will boost taxes 

Governor Reaga n bJcks the mea ·ure . sa~ II1g that local 
voters should decide whether their gas lax money should be 
used exclusively for freeways. or parl!all~ lor transit 

ProposItion 20. 'ponsored b~' Guvenor Reagan . would 
provide 60 million to pruvlde recreatIOnal fal' llit l(,s along With 
<.'a lil ornla water pruJects. aquedud~ <Ind reservOir. 
According to William Penn Moll. Jr . dlrel'tor 01 the. tatc 
Parks and Recr atlon J)l'pt . these JU1ds l'uuld prOVIde 
faci lities to acc( 'nlodate more than 16 million recreatlonl sts 
,mnually: 

The main oppo 'Itlon tu thi s m 'asurc l'oml'S I rum those who 
fe I that it IS a shoddy attempt to " beaulll v" the .'ta te Water 
Proje ·t. which was originally opposed b ('on. rvatllJllIsls O,lt 
of those opposing Propo 'ItlOn 20 IS S nator John ejedlv from 
Walnut f' reek . who said that Ca hfornla should spend the in n y 
to buy new land lor recreatIOn. and not use It lor " r furbi shing 
th fman iallyd fidenl 'late water .. 

Triton Time, October 30, 1970 P0ge 9 



F-310, Garbage Mashers, 
Biodegradable Soap and YOU 

D.,i4 ht~~i.41r 
Sl1rr Wriltr 

What new gadgets have been created to improve the 
environment, and what have people themselves done to 
improve the environment? I'm sure that many of you have 
already answered this question in one way or another , but, for 
those of you who haven ' t I'd like to delve for a-column or two 
into the world of what many people have referred to as ' 
"Yankee ingenuity! " So for a start, let's look at some of the 
devices and products which are offered to us by American 
industry, to improve _the environment and the poc~etbook of 
the nation. 

Gizmos Desigoed for Better Living 

We might as well begin with what is probably the most well 
known product to environment-conscious people : Low-lead and 
unleaded gasolines. Practically every major oil company has 
their version of 'clean-air' gasoline. 

It all-began last Spring,with the advent of F-310. I'm sure that 
most of you remember the famous balloon advertisement, 
which showed one blackened balloon (supposedly from a car 
using normal gas ) and one unbelievably clear balloon (which 
supposedly came from a car using the new miracle concotion ). 
Many people argued tha t this new gasoline simply turned our 
smog white , instead of leaving it the traditional brownish-black -ECO CONSCIOUSNESS starts at home. A nyone too lazy to use an ashtray 
substance of which we are all aware. As legend points out, a lot 
of research went into this hypothesis, and the conclusion was stowe his beer cans either. 
that it was almost right. While this new gasoline did remove 
some of the noxious emissions from exhaust pipes, it was 
discovered that it supposedly still contained dangerous 
hydrocarbons. Anyway, it was better than nothing. 

One other problem concerning low lead gasoline has been 
pointed out by Lawrence Blanchard J r., an executive vice-
president for Ethyl Corpora tion who charges (in Newsweek 
Magazine ), that low lead gasoline forces the engine to use 
larger amounts of more combustible gasoline components, 
which compensate for the loss of octane that results from the 
removal of lead. Without them, high compression engines tend 
to knock. He also has claimed that the trick is to lower the 
compression ration of engines. Detroit will be trying this in 
1971. So much for gasoline. 

Of course, there is a rash of biodegradable soaps and 
detergents on the market now, and to the pleasure of all , they 
seem to be doing welL 

Many fast food chains have also entered the campaign by 
p'rinting on many of their paper goods the following warning ; 
'Throw this away. Please don 't htter.' · Check this one out for 

yourself. 
One of the latest innovations. is a new device put out by 

Whirlpool corporation. This new device is simply known as 
"The Trash Masher", and its ads proclaim it as being able to 
turn 20 pounds of trash into 20 pounds of trash. You can look at 
a current issue of either Time or Life to see how thi s amazing 
feat is accomplished_ All in all "The Trash Masher" appears to 
be a nice doo-hickey to have around . 

Finally. as a cross between personal and industrial ecology, 
we have the " Yes We Can" drive in San Diego. This is a move 
by industry to reclaim aluminum cans (like old newspapers), 
so they can be used again. The sponsors of this drive collect 
cans every Saturday at various locations around the city. The 
collector is given 10 cents for every pound that he /she collects 
(one can is roughly one ounce). The cans are then sent to an 
aluminum can re-cycling plant in Indiana. During the first two 
weeks of this drive. approximately 500.000 cans were collected. 
How about that? 

The only paradox though, as reported in the Evening 
Tribune, is that more people prefer no deposit-no return bottles 
instead of anything tha t can be re-used. It looks like the usual 
win a few, lose a few. Oh well. 

What have you done? 

On two choice days recently, I somehow managed to do some 
work, and was able to successfully poll approximately 50 fellow 
UCSD'ers as to what they have done personally for the 
environment since Earth Day. You may be amazed as to some 
of the zany things being done to save Spaceship Earth. 

It was discovered tha t the following are some of the things 
UCSD students have done : there were three speech givers; 
five trash collectors, and cans for Torrey Pines collectors; 
four bike riders ; three independent can collectors; one Torrey 
Pines money collector (and this person 's auto failed to function 
normally on a popular low-lead gas ); three Pennies for Pines 
people ; five organic soap users ; two F-3\O consumers ; six 
members of the Collect Trash While You Hike Club ; four 
people who do not use colored Toilet Paper or Bathroom 
Tissue ; two people who skin dive for Coke bottles ; one person 
who does not buy soda products in no return bottles; one non- -
car driver ; and one female , who whenever she sees a car 
having an extreme fit of exhaust emissions . ticks her head out 
the window and notifies the driver that he is destroying the 
earth . 

Unfortunately, 16 of the people polled have done nothing to 
improve their environment, and if you work this out, you will 
see that this represents well over a quarter of those polled . 
Fortunately though, five of these people do fit into their own 
category--that of 'Garbage Conscious ' people! What would the 
Fox say about that? 

PIN" ~y J'~I Zalltr 

Tbe Fox 

The Fox could best be described as a militant ecology 
activist. He is reported to be a middle-aged man who is very, 
very concerned about his environment. His acts consist of 
stopping up the smokestacks and drainpipes of factories which, 
according to his feelings , are doing nothing to improve the 

SUPPLEMENT STAFF 
edited by Steve Landau 

contr ibutin g writer: Molly elvi n, Bob Munk, 
Dave Buchbinder 

environment. He always leaves a note informing the fa.ctory or 
corporation why he has done what he did . Many factories that 
he has attacked Have made attempts to cut down on their 
pollution, but to those who persist. the Fox persists. 

For one persistent polluter, the Fox walked into the Chicago 
office building . handed the receptionist an envelope , and asked 
her to see that the president received it. Then he announced 
that he had a present for the company from one of their plants. 
He then proceded to dump a bucket of dead fish , rats, birds and 
polluted river water across the floor of the office. Needless to 
say, the occupants of the office were quite dismayed. Right on 
Fox! 

GET '1 DlIBOrPf 
ALL POSTERS 50% OFf 

October 28 Ihru November 3 things & things 
~2l1 W5~1~~ BL~D .• MI)~ON BfACA. Tfl.~ 

antiquated and olherwise 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F St. 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 
Tue. I ru Fri _ 

9:30 - 7:30 
Sat. 9::n - 5:30 

Closed 310 &: Mon. 
233 • 8328 

folk arts 
blues , talk JIZZ , 

rock on record 
also: pottery , jewelry, 
luth.r, 

hind mid. cloth .. 
3753 india 

(corner wuhinlton 
a,,~ in~ia) 

Page10 Triton Time, 

HONDA CARS 

.... 

Pacific Honda-1269 Garnet 

Octobe, 30, 1970 

1237 prospect street la jolla 
454 -7000 

Davis Camera 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 F.y 459-7355 

ENTERTAINMENT -FOOD-TRAVEL 
FRIDAY NIGHT FLICKS 

present a 

Halloween Thriller 
t t t t t 
'he Blob 

with Steve McQueen 
and 

Phantom of the Opera 
with Bella Lugosi 
USB 2722 50( come early 

Mort Sahl 
Sunday, November 1,8 p.m. 

UCSD GYM-Free'to .ASUCSD students 
$1 .00 General Admission 

COFFEE HUT 
FRIDAY 

HOT DOGS 15' 
Free bobbing apples Free marshmellows 

NOW PLAYING 
nightly except Mondoy through Noyember 15 

LITTLE MURDERS 
Jules Feiffer's savagely funny play about a family 
confronled by violence in loday's society ... ruthlessly satiric_ 
I ..... Wt4 .• Th,s' IUA. Evil . . SUO Stu4 •• " Ihr. ,.11". , •• lislld 
frIday .nd Ilt.,doy hll . . .. SJ.OO military I .... I.t.) . ..... SUO 
Sunday Matin .. (N.,. 15) . . . . S2.00 

~centre 

harle Bronson 

"RIDER IN THE RAIN" 

CANDlCf BfRGfN · PHfR SIRAUSS 

SOLDIER BLUE 

2nd RECORD Month! 

ADMITTANCE RESTRICTED TO ADUlTS ONLY · A SHERPIX REl£ASE !COLOR! 

.. mE ~ \ ACADEMY 
1818 GARNET STREET '1'4-4000 3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284-1000 

R. ourcefulnp<, 
education. becomin, 
i .. ue3. philo oph y 
children ', book, 
fiction . poetry 
joy 

DEL MAR EARTH.SONG 

L .. . & foreifI" 
lJapf·,.ba{"k~ 
ma,a;int·s 

I)o" , p r.~ 
rpcord 

rard.c 

BOOK STORE 
1440 Camino del Mar • Del Mo r • 755-4254 

9H~ooO tEN 
WINff ERTA NMENT 

I'(r TH ~ 

EL SOMBRERO 

ON 51 AGE THRU NOV. 1 

II lO U7 00 (' u" . W,d . '~ur .. Iv • . '''''.1 phone 239.2255 ~~t:~ 
13 00 ' I7lO II" .. Sol I .... ) C tnl Bo om 
Il 00 , lI .lO (Iu . . ... " ) or en x ce, 
" JOSIU 'h,. c.II. &I.I·....,"'.I. •• c $0<. 1 .... TAbby, Urey Hall, UCSO 

olb globe tbratre 

SATURDAY 
MIDNIGHT 

MARILYN MONROE, 
L.A. PREVIEW 

& A TRIP TO THE SUN 

The 12 'Illjrl' I ft"r .. !OJI ~c. eJCh slJjn 
• by I ~V\,n1 I,hly uS 1.1311)1 

h." '~IOl!,r ':If ' l , I, ,.,J I~ Inf: slg" 
'eO'~\"''1I., I I ~'IC~ Joe'Jo hEir 51C;"'S 

APPlEKNOCKERS 
AND THE COKE ;..~ 

Marilyn Monroe. while she was SIIII 
Norma Jean Baker, made thiS extraord ,n. 
ary . 'nudle cUtll~ " film 

FINE ARTS ...... 
1818 GARNET STREET 274-4000 ... 

NOW PLAYING 

Triton Times 

A BEAUTlFUL.CHILD·LlK 
HO HELD CAPTIVE BY HER 

INSATIABLE HUNGER 
FOR EVERY 

KIND OF 
OVE! 

October 30, 1970 'a .. 11 



MOVIE REVIEW 

Pacific Vibrations 
Terry Barak 
Arts Editor 

Surfing has come a long ways. and so have movies about 
surfing. as amply demonstrated by John Severson's new film . 
" Pacific Vibrations." 

"Vibrations" opens with a dazzling array of plil-second 
image shots: a breaking wave. a golden sunset. a body-
jammed beach. a garbage-strewn shorline"" "Vibrations" 
transports us rapidly from beach to beach. with few mentions 
of any of their names. First. two waves at Cotton' S Point. then 
shift to Honolulu on Maui for a set. then back to the California 
coastline. 

The most stunning of the surfing shots were from the 
Pipeline (surfers being spit out from majestic tubes) and the 
Ranch (a deserted stretch of California coastlIne having some 
of the most perfect waves and ideal conditions of natural 
beauty to be found anywhere). 

The surf is all A-I: that is. the best beaches shot on some of 
the best days of the year, with some of the best surfers in the 
water . However. a major shortcoming in "Vibration" i 
Sever on's failure to include any footage of unknown and 
faraway beaches that we haven't seen before. 

Severson's approach to the surfer, in the process of defining 
him. is unique among surfing films. We see the man in the 
street being asked what he thinks of surfers (a G.!. states, 
"They're okay. everybody's got their hang-ups") as well as the 
guy on the beach ,giving the surfers' self-impression "It·s just 
fun - you have to do it to know it" ) 

Sever on's narration is kept to a minimun through-out the 
film - he is obviously a believer in the "one picture's worth a 
thousand words" syndrome. In order to express his theme of 
ecology, Severson assaults our senses with rapId-fire 
equences of polluting oil wells and pump stations. aIrcraft 

smoke. automobile noise and exhaust : and bring it all home to 
the plunder of nature. an oil-coated gull being washed a hore 
bya wave. 

Much to Severson's credit. this is the only surf film made 
which didn 't use the obligatory sequences of other non-related 
ports I such as skiing . motor-cycle riding, sail-boating: hop-
kotching,etc.l as an attempt to appeal to non-surfers In the 

audience. who presumably cannot watch a surfIng fIlm . 
:'>Ieither were we subjected to the travelog routine. 

Severson made full use of the modern cinema' s bag 01 photo-
lab tricks : we see ghost-image negatives and positive of 
surfers climbing and dropping across erie waves of color -
perhaps Severson's way of visually describing the expression. 
"na turally stoned ." 

The sound track throughout the film (if it can be heard over 
the incessant babbling and noise-making from the less 
considerate members of the audience) is stimulatingandwell-
coordi nated with the visuals. It is most appropiate when 
Crosby. Stills. and Nash sing. " Wooden ships on the water, 
very free and easy." while a love surfer carved his path across 
the clear. cold. and deserted waves at the Ranch. 

' ase12 T,iton Times October 30, 1970 

This is ' he 'irst in a series 0' articles presented by the rr Arts 
StaH on the Political Arts. The ned two articles are ".ally Round 
the Reagan" and "The Political Salvatjon 0' Calilornia, 1970." 

Joy Gillette 
Arts Writer 

Quick! You have to ta ke a product thatdoesn' t look or sou nd 
as good as the competition. pretty it up . package it in celluloid: 
and sell it to the public in 30 seconds. You are an executIve 01 
the Spencer-Roberts & Associates campaign management 
agency. and your job is to convince the public to return George 
Murphy to Washin~ton on Nov 3, Murphy is 67 years old and 
looks it. was a SIlent movie song and dance man. and is 
generally considered to be an old-line conservative. 

His competition is 36-year old John Tunney, who purposely -
evokes images of John Kennedy! a handsomp. , concerned 
young man with plenty of "vigor," He has been c~ar?c~erIzed 
by "/arboy magazine as a "supercautlous lIberal. HIS Image-

builder is the David Garth Agency of New York City. In answer 
to the query of why a California candidate would employ a 
Madison Avenue agency, the TRITON TIMES received this 
curt reply: "Because Garth is the best in the country. ,. 
Newsweek magazine quotes a concurring competitor. who 
says. "Garth is the best. He perceives the problems, develops 
extremely good material and then executes it.· ' In Engl ish this 
means that Tunney is in good hands, and that Spencer-Roberts 
has its work cut out to make Murphy more attractive to the 
electorate. Murphy's Voice an Obstacle 

William Roberts , Murphy 's campaign manager and a 

partner in the firm that bears his na~e . first ~as to ?vercom 
his candiate's biggest weakness: hIS croakmg vOIce. Ever 
since Murphy had an ope~ation on ,his larynx. for cancer .. hiS 
voice has been plagued With a rasp mess. In hIS commercIals, 
therefore. Roberts has not once featured Murphy's voice. and 
because of his aged appearance, rarely even scenes of the 
candidate himself. . 

Murphy's major pieces of . legislation have dealt WIth 
bilingual education and protectIOn of th~ envIronment. One of 
his commercials points out the Senator s efforts on behalf of 

alifornia Chicanos. It opens WIth a hot of two brown chIldren 
painting at school. while a voice with a thic.k but 
understandable Spanish accent expresses Its appreCIation for 

Murphy's bilingual cdu 'alion legislation. The ~oice points o~t 
that now Chicano children can learn WIth dlgmty and share m 
the promise of America . The commercial ends with a group of 
children dancing in a circle and the voice saying "Vote for 
George Murphy. He believes in America." 

"Coattails Effect" Used 
Another political tactic being employed by Roberts and the 

Republican. is the "coattails effect. " What it means is tha t a 
strong or secure candidate like Reagan . ca n ':spread his 
coatta ils" broad enough for a weaker candIdate. m thIS case 
Murphy. to ride to victory in !he stronger ma~'s w~ke . Reagan 
has accordingly gone out of hIS way to campaIgn WIth Murphy. 
especia lly heavily Democratic are.as ,w~ere the .governor's 
personal popularity can outpUll the distrIct s party bIas. 

In addition. Reagan has made a commercial for the Senator 
in which the camera slowly pans in on the governor's face, as 
he tells how much he. the President, and the people of 
California need George Murphy in Washington. While Reagan 
points out that Murphy " cares" and " believes in America." it 

is curious that not once is the .senator·~ face or voice used in his 
own commercial. 

Another television spot centers around a day in Murphy's 
life. It shows the candidate deplaning, talking to a child, 
shaking hands with The Man On The Street, and finally. the 
confident hand of President ixon resting on Murphy's 
shoulder . This last image coincides with the national 
Republican campaign against " obstructionists" in Congress : 
with the need for the President to have supporters in the 
Senate. This commercial supposes that ixon is popular with 

the people. and that hi s popularity will also rest on Murphy's 
shoulder , If Nixon is unpopular with Californians, then such a 
tactic has a built-in backfire , 

"Candidate Promotion" an Art 
Packaging a candidate, it can be argued , perhaps nece~sarily 

precludes creative artistry. Yet the campaIgn agent! lIke the 
nove list who constructs characters from raw materIal. must 
still "create" the image of his candidate. Robert Goodman. 
Agnew's agent, explains the art : "We try to make the 
candidates bigger than life ... our job is to glamorize them and 
hide their weaknesses." 

Folk Music IN THE ALLEY 
Editu-'s ote; This is Ihe fint in a series of articles wrilten in order 10 inform the UCSD community about 
various places 0' entertainment which may be of inte'est to them, 

Bobbie Fink 
Arts Writer 

Walk in. pull up a cushion. and sit on the lloor. paIntings on display sell for around $35. and 
Feci the warmth around you. sme ll th incense. non s II for over $100. Plans ar in the making 
and I t th atmosphcre take over. to expand the coffee shop-art gallery into a 

In-Til -All y. a folk musk ('oflce shop in th atre and book s tore as w II. 
Escondido, is th type 01 warm homey place you In-The-A lley's phon s are a lways busy with 
oft n think about, but rar ' Iy find p ople tailing I r I gal advice and draft 

Th week nlghl nl rtainrn 'nt is usu lIy couneeling . Aecording to th manag r , the 
provld d by IO('al nt I'tainers. with an offie serV'5 th same funttion as a North 
occasional big nam star such as Mimi Farinna . County Ml . II 'adquart rs. 
who appeared Monday nIght 1"rId~y and 
Saturday night snows ar' usually headlIned by 
top name stars lik Tim llucklcv, who will b ' 
appearing tonight and Saturday . On Sunda ys 
there are hootenannys where v rybody has a 
chance to ·jng hi thing. . 

Duringthe day. th t rra ' ou tsld ' th coff e 
shop rves as an art ga ll ry. Most or th 

Pcoplf' of al l ag s find In-The-Alley a lun 
plat to go. The manag m nl proudly brags 
that some mghts four gen ra tlOns of the -ame 
family can b found in the audience. 

~'or a r'lreshing change uf atmospher '. at 
reasonable prices , go to In-The-Alley and find 
something beautiful. 

La Jolla Museum 
Three artists who live and 

work in the state of Washington 
wiJI have their first major San 
Diego exhibition, "Three From 
Washington State" at the La 
Jolla Museum of Art from 
Saturday through Nov. 29. 

A public lecture on the 
exhibition will be given by 
Lawrence Urrutia. the 
museum's assistant director. 
at 2 p.m, Sunday. 

Fi ne Arts Gallery 
A selection of paintings by 

famous Mexican artists from 
the permanent collection of the 
Fine Arts Gallery of San Diego 
are now on view. 

Mexican art dW'ing the 20th 
CentW'y entered the currents of 
international prominence due 
essentially to the efforts of 
Orozco, Rivera, Siquieros and 
Tamayo. Paintings by Rivera 
and Tamayo are included in the 
Gallery's collection. European 
training and influence can be 
detected in their early styles, 
yet each creates a vigorous 
personal statement, specifically 
native, which ultimately exerts 
itself. Revolution, the simple 
folk, Indian heritage, the 
harshness of the land; these are 
all indigenous qualities that 
become reflected in their art. 
Social statement, however, is 
not the total content of their 
works. Strength and brutality 
have been captW'ed in the 
mW'als of the first three. As a 
foil to such jarring com-
mentary, the poetic treatment 
that reflects an ethnic pride in 
Tamayo 's paintings affords a 
refreshing contrast. 

The Fine Arts Gallery of San 
Diego, Balboa Park, is open to 
the public free of charge, 
Tuesday through SatW'day, 10 
a,m. to 5 p.m,; Sunday, 12:30 to 
5 p,m,; 

Dr. Susan McKillop, assistant 
professor, at UC Davis will 
present an illustrated lecture, 
"The Apples of The Hesperides 
as a Medici Symbol," at the 
Fine Arts Gallery of San Diego, 
Balboa Park. This, the second 
in the "Meet the Masters" 
lectW'e series, will be presented 
Tuesday, Nov. 3 at 10 :45 a.m. in 

books ad stationary 
art .atarials 

the James S. Copley 
Auditorium. 

The lecture is followed by a 
luncheon at noon . ToW's are 
available preceding the lectW'es 
and begin at lOa.m. The price is 
$2,50 for the lectW'e and lun-
cheon, or $1.25 for the lecture 
only . Reservations are 
requested and should be made 
by calling the Gallery at 232-
7931, by SatW'day, Oct. 31. 

IN C To Be Performed 
This Saturday night at 11 : 30 

p.m. members of the UCSD 
music department will present 
IN C, a cOPlposition by Terry 
Riley. IN C is an extended work 
in which all instruments play 
the same part in the same key, 
C. The development occw's 
because each instrumentalist 
plays the piece, which consists 
of a string of numbered motifs, 
in whatever length of time he 
desires, One player may remain 
~1II111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111~ 
= • 

Want 
to write-

see-

! Rich ! 
= = ! Heimlich ! 
I i i T.T. i 
§ City Editor § 

~ I 
5'111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111111 Iii 

"lImark cud. 
p.rty goods 

nor1h coast stationers 
127 north highwlY 101 lolln. be.ch 

755-4923 

offiCI suppli .. 

Stop 'nll"tion Anti Help Your Brotlters 

All Types V.W. 
Servile. 

Rebuilt Engines 
'27S up 

Rebuilt Tronsoxles 
'12S up 

/ 

~ 
Putl PUll 

hoI' 

fOf [my 
O,y 1'0111, 

Bird Rock Pull Putt 

Ev,ry Part 
For Your 

lUI 
NEW and 

USED 

hop 
South 631 !h La Jolla Blvd. 

454-0761 

on motif one for three minutes 
while another is already on 
motif twelve. IN C is an exer-
cise in improvisational 
dynamics and articulation 
where a definite give and take 
relationship develops among 
the players. 

IN C is a beautiful per-
formance to go to after a 
Halloween party or trick or 
treat. It can get quite funky. IN 
C will begin in the recital hall at 
MC409 at 11;30 p.m. this 
Saturday night. Admission is 
free, why not you too . 

Exerc ise Your Rights: Observe Holloween 
My fellow Americans, fellow students and 

friend s. The signs are all too clear that th 
America we ha ve known for the past two 
hundred years is dying a slow and painful death. 
The church in this once God-fearing nation is 
mocked and scorned , the clergy themselv s on a 
heretical rampage, The leaders of tomorrow. 
once referred to as "our shining youth" are 
being poisoned by the killer drugs marijuana 
and alcohol. Morality is a dirty word. s·x i 
clean . The ;x>lice and national guard exercise 
powers once unimaginable in our great land, 
the military officials engage in ridiculou~ 
tactical games in the Orient. The leaders of thi s 
once great country are Andy lIardys in 
reverse- they create rags out of riches What 
are we to do? 

The answer. my friends . is all too clear We 
must once again participate in the traditions 
which made our country great. ThiS weekend 

you can start by observing Halloween, a holiday 
which is as American a~ okra and wild rice . On 
the UCSD campus there are a number of ways 
lo observe. On IIallowcen Eve there are th 
FrIday Nite Flicks. This week a true cIne mati 
feast. "The Blob" . Bela Lugosi 's "Phantom of 
the Opera" , and the horrifying short. "Tell-Tal 
Ileart" . One Saturday night. even more obtains 
The evening bcgins with partIe In th MUIr 
Commons and at the bottom of Blake Hall in 
Revelle and concludes with a pecial mldmte 
performance of Terry RIley' I C In Me 409 at 
II :30. Then. alter observing this ail-AmerIcan 
holiday. viSIt the church of I'our choice on 
Su nda y. After that my friends you will be r ady 
to vote for one of the marvelous candidates 
runnIng in next week 's election. Thi . my fellow 
Americans. IS D mocracy in actIOn and could 
mean the resurrection of the great land we all 
once knew. 

There will be a Chancellor's Press Conference 

/ 

next Wednesday, November 4, at noon 

in the North Din;ng Hall of Revelle Commons. 

Little a ................. Pi ...... ~ ___ ~t 
DELIVERY WITHIN THE HOUR 

3943 Gove rnor Drive 
Governor Drive & Genesee-Phone 453·6455 

l 1'\ !VEH 11''1' (,ITY 

-Pizza 
!tuJ .. "' rl ~ Lill i .. t ' R,..I1 It.lh .. 11 \4 .. " JIIJ \.rior I 

kl ... JrJ t I"'I ~ 

Sm 
10 

CMEESE I 00 

WllM PEPPERONI I 40 

WITM MUSMROOM I 55 

WIlH HAM I 55 

WITH 8ACON I 55 

CHEESE. Your ChOice 01 ony TWO UEMS I 80 

CHEESE, You, ChOKe of on.,. THREE ITEMS 200 

WITM FAMOUS ITALIAN SAUSAGE I 55 

WITM GROUNO BEEf 1 40 

WITH GREEN PEPPER I 40 

WITM 8lACK OLIVES I 40 

WITM ONION 140 

lITHE C i SPfCIAl, Cht!l!!\e, Pepperoni 
Bacon, M\I ~h'oom. Hom, Gleen Peppel. 
Onion, Anc..hovres on request l 265 

EXIRA HEMS Abo •• on request 30 

Chicken 
CMICKEN DINNER 80X • pu C,,,ken, Roll, Slo-

CHIC KEN SNACK 80X 1 0<' C,,,ken, Roll, Slo_ 

tH RIFT BOX 8 pu (hden only 
BUCKET 16 po ChtCken ond .. roU~ 

aAUEll 20 pel Chl(le-n only 

Mod 
11 

I 20 

I 7~ 

I 90 

I 90 

' 90 

115 

1 J5 

I 90 

I 75 

175 

I 7~ 

I 75 

300 

35 

------

ly 

I. 

I 70 

225 

2 40 

1 4 

2 40 

2 o~ 

2 8 ~ 

240 

225 

125 

125 

225 

350 

~O 

SOC OFF 
On Medium or Larger 

PIZZA 

E. 19 
I b 

130 

285 

300 

300 

300 

325 

HI 

300 

185 

270 

210 

170 

.,0 

bO 

I .5 

525 

L JJ,tk. ~ -p iIJ~ '7 'tl4t 

Win a FREE neAT" 
MINI 
BIKE 
FREE 

-

-

3Q . 

3 H P Made by H. P. E. 

Free Drawing No Purcha e ece ary. 
You need not be pre~ent to win. 

CAT NOW ON DISPLAY 
DRAWING D l'l.' •• 1. 1970 at 4 P. M. 

Name __________________________________ __ 

Addres"s,, _______________________________ _ 

Phone: ___________________________ __ 

Winner will be notified. 

--- ----

Buckel of Chicken 
1(, I'll'll" 

JJ,tk. ~ -p il74 '7 'tL4t 

Triton Times October 30, 1970 Page 13 



1M Department Looks At 
Saturday' 5 Game 

BSU Looks At 
Saturday'S Game 

Il has been brought to our 'Pan(hers' was struck directh 

Your letter of October 25, 
1970, concerning matters 
surrounding an Intramural flag 
football game that was played 
on October 24, 1970, has been 
duly received and 
acknowledged by this office. It 
is in our interests, in the 
planning and offering of a 
comprehensive and fair 
program, to detail a reply to the 
aforementioned letter . Your 
allegations and suggestions 
have been noted carefully with 
these considerations in mind. 

The suggestions offered by 
your letter show deep concern 
and involvement with our aims 
and offerings, and we have 
taken the following steps to 
implement act ions where 
necessary: 

1. The employment of 
referees fall under the policies 
outlined by the attached 
Department memo. We heartily 
concur that more minorityof-
ficials should be in vol ved with 
our program, but we have 
experienced a dearth of in-
terested applicants. Your 
organization and MECHA, as 
well as the Third College ad-
ministration, can do much to 
assist us in this regard by 
forwarding interested persons 
to our office. We will expend all 
efforts, within our budgetary 
considerations, to train and 
employ these persons so that 
they can officiate, with special 
effort directed toward their use 
in ganles involving teams en-
tered as representatives of 
minority racial groups. We ask 
that all referees be impartial in 
their assignments, and it is our 
sincere belief that they have 
been so in the past. 

2 ' Our rules for flag football 
have evolved from the basic 
tackle football rules with the 
following considerations in 
mind: safety of the par-
ticipants ; and, provisions for an 
interesting and exciting game 
within the framework of 
available facilities where the 
emphaSIS is on passing. In light 
of this, our rules (UCSD In-
tramural Department, Flag 
Football Rules , dated 
7/ 21/ 70, lIr ) make provision 
for the ejection of a player from 
the game in the event that he 
repeats ar. action, intentional or 
otherwise, which may cause 

atl nlion that there occurred. in hi s testici s. . 
serious mJury to another after the intramural foo tball Due to the s riousn ss 01 
player. In addition, the official ga me between th " Purple these events and those which 
in charge of the game is em- Gophers" and the" Panthers" rollowed the game. we suggest 
powered 10 make any decision on the date in ques tion. what the immedia te implem ntalion 
not speci[ically covered by our I.. one could 'Iassi fy a racia l 0 f th e fo ll ow i ng 
rules (same reference cited Reporter 5 Viewpoint altercation. recommendations: 
above, IIp ). The officials have Th matter was brought to 
been trained that conduct Mike Lyons our attention due to the fart 1. that thi rd world (Black hica no. Orienta l and Nativ~ deemed as unsportsmanlike , tha t many of the players of the 
such as the utterance of any Well. fi rst or all. ( shall not speaking. it is a simple fl ag Panthers are BSU members. America ns) tudents be 
racial slurs, would result in a trv to be partial or show football ga me until that much They have corrobora ted ac ti vely soli ciated by your 

1 . h h f d' . t ' I't' (. M ' b I I ' t office to become involved In pena ty Wit t e of en 109 par la I y In any orm. Y JO phys ica contac t occurs t lat I ce rtain facts conce rning the 
player 's possible ejection from as a reporter is to write on causes injury to som one. ga me which shoul d be brought the majority. if not all. 
the game. A copy of our rules what I primarily see or hear. Th roughout the contest there to light : intra mural atheleli cs. AU 
and regulations is distributed to Any tim e you have a were repea ted slande rous 1. Therefereesforthegame. fu turefootba ll games wi th tl~ 

mis un dersta nd ing of thi s k d b BOTti . Panthers' should inelude orw 
each team captain at the start remar s rna e y . being whi te. we re qui te 

nature . naturally you expect Wh ff' . I d minorl' ty off icl'al at lea-
of the season, with additional teams. at does an 0 lel3 0 obviously favoring the wh ite .• 

each side to lay the faull or · h ? If th (preferrably Black)' 
copies available from our office III sue a case . e team : many off-s ides and . guilt. of the opposing teams' · I d t 2 that any attempts to inJ·ur· on request. We make a special IIl tramura ports eparlmen illega l use of hands violation . , 
effort to effect this distribution shoulders. can't dea l with the e problems, were overiooRed: players overtly resul t ir One of the key issues that h h h Id ' b eJ'ectl'on from the game ' before the start of the flag . I per aps t ere s ou n t e any 2. Racia l slurs were heard by . hould be brought out IS tIe . I . I f 3 that any landerou fo otbaJl season . Our BLAS ff' . I mtramura sports In t Ie ulUre. ma ny mem bers of th e . 

negligence of the 0 ICla It . d'ff ' It t d f" remarks or racial slurs not t> 
sheet , likewise, keeps par- involved. One must understand IS very I ICU 0 e Ine 'panthers', the source of which 
t icipants informed of the that the official is the mediator last Saturday 's incident. as to wa the opposing tea m: the tolerated by the officials 
Progress of the maJ'or sports, whether it was a racial issue or officia ls did NOTHI G about anyone identified a m in any conte t and it is his duty h tl 't . t k d sucb remarks as ., Nl 
and policy changes are reported w e ier I was JUS provo 'e th se dehumanizing remarks ', to call all infraction that may b h . d . ect be eJ'ected from the through this medium. . h Y t e tactlcs use In the game 3. There were overt attempts . 

occur during the game Wit out b th G h " B I . immedl'ately ' and 4. An advisory review y e " op ers . u III any to physically inJ'ure the Black ' 
show ing favoritism. . t . t f tb II 4 that a comm l' ttee to re"I'e board, composed of two student case I was JUS a 00 a game player . The quarterback was . • 'l During last Saturday's game h' h d d' f' ht d I'ntramural reg ula tl'o ns •. 

representatives from each w IC en e III a Ig . an struck in his head fo ur times. "" two " Panthers" were forced to h Id 't b k f th ta bl ' h d d f th existing college, will be formed s ou n eta en any ur er. On ly once did the referees call e I e an a copy 0 ose leave the contest becau e of regulations should be ava ilable 
to advise the Intramural knee injuries. whiCh were the I1 owever. l think steps should intentional roughne s. and only to eacp partici pant 01 
Director and his staff on re ult of being tackled by the be taken to prev nt any further after repeated claims by the intramural athelelics. 
matters pertaining to in- oppo ing team . The officia ls of incidents, not only on the 'Panthers' of the violations. 
tram ural policies and practiee. the game didn't ite either of football field , bu t on this whole One 'Purple Copher' attempted A failure to receive a rep" 
This board will be selected by these violations. Logically ca mpus as well . to dive in front of the ball from your office by Wednesdai 
the Provost of each college and 1,..;...;..;... _____ ..:;:.._.;;..._...;. ________ ..1 carri r in an a ttempt to knock will be interpreted as you'l 
shall meet as necessary, but no him down. We assume injury desire for the existing situatior 
less than once per academic o[ficiating, much less that of to recommend that a Board of was the motive for this action to remain as is . 
year. officiating games in which their Inquiry be established to hear - it wa obvlou that this was You hould understand 

peers are participating. Our the circumstances surrounding not an attempt to grab a ·f1ag ·. while we consider 
This office, in its reply to your budgetary considerations make your al legations 1-4, and to Two other' PantilCrs' were also intensely competitive, 

letter, has addressed itself fully it necessary that the number of determine appropriate actions, forced to leave the game with not withstand humiliatIon 
toward your suggestions with officials per game be somewhat if any are necessary. This knee injuries resulting from anyone : and the ways 
due deliberation . We feel that less than the optimum desired Board is to be formulated by the similar activitv : and forefathers will not be 0'"',,_ .... 11 
certain actions, not covered in num ber. It thus becomes Dean of Student Affairs, and 4. Th . center for the by their sons. 
your letter, cannot be tolerated essential that intramural pertinent details concerning it _--------------------
in our program and corrective participants be willing to will be forthcoming to you 
steps must be taken to help tolerate a certain degree of through his office . 
assure that our program con- error as inherent in this type of It is unfortunate that the 
tinue with the perspective that program, and hkewise that the incidents occuring after the 
it has enjoyed. The incident that officials and our office be also Panthers-Purple Gophers game 
occurred immediately following willing to tolerate a certain obscured the fact that this game 
the Panthers-Purple Gophers amount of criticism directed in represented an excellent 
game represented poor sport- a personal matter. However , example of the keen com-
smanship and a wanton physical violence, or the threat petition and high level of 
disregard for the spirit of of it, ce rtainly enjoys no proficiency that may be at-
friendly competition and privileged sanctum within our tained in our intramural 
cooperation which is essential program, and any participant progress. Many of the ill-
to the success of any organized who demonstrates by his terrsted spectators viewing this 
athletic activity. behavior that he is no longer game commented' on the 

Worried about proletting your environment? 

The of~icials in this game willing to abidc by the spirit and thrilling and exciting play 
were, in our opinion, impartial intent of the intramural exhibited by both teams, and 
and fair throughout the entire regulations, must forfeit his both teams are to be 
contest. 'l1lese officials are rights of participation . congratulated on this aspect of 
students who are constantly Because of these con- their participation in our 
learning the most difficult job of siderations we feel it necessary program . 

Assemblyman 
PETE WILSON 

has done something about it. 

Sports At A Glance 
Recreation Day Surfing Contest other members lI~hten thclr 

Protect ing our environment against furth er 
pollution is an urgent prio rity with Pete . 

And he has done something about it. 

Authore d " Cal ifornia Coastal Zone Conserva-
tion and Development Act" to save California's 
coastl ine ! 

Riding Club boots. strap on theIr skiS and 
. ., Is Coming Sign u sheets are now dIsappear mto the VOid. 

The fIrst trrul ride of the term . p . lie wa s welcom d and you 
will be held on Sat. Oct. 31 and UCSD Recreation Day is open ~va llable .for ~nyone Interested will be too . Hemember : UCSD 
Sun . Nov. 1 at Monta Vista to all students, faculty & stafr. Sill hpa~tlsC lpatUng clIl tthe Intebr- ~ki Club Me ting. Muir 2A 2402 
Ranch in El Cajon . Due to UCSD Recreation Clubs will . C 0 ~r Ing on est to e 7·9 P.M. Monday ov. 2. For 
almost overwhelming response display their equipment-there held on Sunday .. ovember I. mor information call : 0 n 
the ride has been divided into will be a raffle for over 30 Sign up she t avaIlable on PE Campbell or Kirk ewell at 
tWO days with approximately prizes . Free Admission . Don 't bulletIn boards and In PE 453·886::' or Murray Francy at 
. Office. All contestants meet at 453.8864' . 

fifteen people gom~ on e~ch miss the fun .... come to the 6:00 am in the ~lIrf Shack . . 
day. All those ~ho Will be gomg soccer field ... Friday, the 13th . Party following the surfing _ ........ _______ _ 
on the Sunda} ode have been Everyone is invited. contest. Further information . 

eontact~d. The ride for both Cary Beckcr 755 . 6325 
days WIll bel;1 at 9 o'clock Bitycie Club Rides . 
sharp! ! Th ;l!> means the UCSD Sk·, Club deadline for caving the gym The Bicvcle 'Iub IS now 
parkinglotis&:15sopleaseplan underway : Beginning on 
to eat breakf .. st 011 lhl! "cly. P. October 27 (even' Tu s. at 
barbeque for th rides will noon ) there will ·!:C 3 short 
begin at 12 fcUowing the ride . easy rrde leavmg 11'0111 the 

Directions to Ranch- C~m parking lot ( in front uf 
th gym ). 

Highway 8 elst to EI Cajon; On Saturday. October 31 they 
Right on Spc9nd St. exit; will have both a long and short 
Straight to '}}ltonwood Golf rid . Me t at Torrev Pines 
Course; Turn right and go 1/2 Park for ;l Pi ni(' . Bring your 
mile to road lined with palm own lunch Uoth rid s will meet 
trees (Sign- Monta Vista In th parking lot In Iront oi. 
IMPORTA T NOTE! ! Urcy lI all. Long Hide - (about 

Please be at the gym parking 
lot by 8 0 'clock so everyone can 
fmd a ride . Anyone not ther by 
8: 15 will be left ! ~ 

Cost $5 .00 for rental of 
horses for 3 hours. 
$1.00 for barbeque. 

20 rm ) mcet ~t 10 '45 , Short 
Ride I about 4 mil l1I('ct at 
12 15 

Th(' RIl':.C"ie Club is np 'n to 
students. laC'ultv and stalf FIJI 
lurth r InlfJrrnatrcln ['all Pat 
Ilf'ardon 45:1 am;I IllIghl l . 
Hldl I{t'lnl'man Ext 1:154 
(da y lor Lucy LIang ~ Ext 1!li!J 

Swishing by th snow 
encrusted mountains. passi ng 
by an occasional Sl. Bernard . 
tlie lone silhouett sw eps 
towards a di "lant structure on 
a chilly Monday night : ( ov . 
2). As he mak s a sweeping 
top that throws snow on an 
unsusp ctIng ·quirre l. he 
notices Muir 2A 2402 on the 
building lie uncllps hiS salety 
straps. and steps out 0 1 IllS 
bindings ,lnd is w,lfIn ly gr' ted 
by thl' Skiing Club With 
refreshm nts and tales of the 
lan!astir skIIng film he I . about 
to s('(' DUflng thl' meetmg. he 
and other m~mber ' d I Sl'U~S 
('oming trips. lessons and 
instruction lor bl'~llln('f s. and 
the ('Ilmlng rac'lng :ea~o n 
Alt('r the' m('etlllg . hI' and the 

Ski Clu b meeti ng, Monday 
November 2 at 7:00 P.M. 
Ski film will be shown. 
Buil ding 2A Room 2402 

?AClr~C 
YAMAHA 

complete sales 
& service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
1556 ,Irnet IV' 

aeific bllch 274-6343 

Author of a b ill to provide needed urba n 
open space! 

Author of the most important state environ-
mental planning bill creating the State Office 
of Research and Planning! 

Co-author of " Pure Air Act of 1968" and 
other air pollution controls! 

, 

Requested by President Nixon to serve on the 
nation 's 15-member Advisory Committee on 
Environmental Quality! 

Worried about protecting your environment? 
You can do something about it ... 

Re-Elect Assemblyman 
PETE WILSON November 3 

• 

Page 14 Triton Times October 10, 1970 

WHY IS KING SNEDLEY 
SO CONFIDENT? 

His beer doesn't have ten generations ... or even five generations behind it. (KING 
SNEDLEY'S father was a pearl diver). 
His beer isn't brewed with spring water from the mountains _ .. or even natural water 
from an artesian well. (Just nice water out of a shiny tap) . 
His beer did not put Milwaukee on the map. (Or Hemet, California, for that matter). 
King Snedley's brewers do not devote their entire lives to his beer. (He gives them 
weekends and two weeks in the Summer off, as well as a dandy retirement prograrn ). 
His beer does not have a lot of swell writing on the can saying how good it is. (He 
didn't have room). 
King Snedley's beer does not come to you in a fancy wagon 
pulled by a bunch of steeds. (The King feels that trucks are 
more efficient)_ 
His beer could never be described as "king". (Snedley IS the 
King ... the beer is merely a Duke) . 
SO HOW COME KING SNEDLEY IS SO CONFIDENT? BE-
CAUSE, WHATEVER HIS SECRET, HE MAKES A REAL 
BEER ... KING SNEDLEY'S BEER!!! 

LOOK FOR THE ROYAL FAMILY ON THE CAN! FRONT BACK 

Triton Times October 30, 1970 Page lS 



FRIDA Y, October 30 
LECT RES-3 p m" Philosophy 

olloquim. in the Informal Lounge . 
Revelle Commons. Alfred Louch 
from Claremont Graduate School 
will be th spea ker. 4 pm . 
Math matics olloquim . in 2A-
7421. Profe so r Her tel n. 

niverslty of hicago. will peak 
on " Rlng with Involution " 
Noon-Marine Biology Seminar . 
Sumner Auditorium. Dr John 
Byrne will peak . ~oon- ampus 

rusad for Chri t Rally in Ihe 
Plaza 
MOVIE - Friday ight Flicks , 
7"30 p.m .. 50 cents. 2722 B. 
Halloween Special. "The Blob" 
"Tell-Tale HearC and " Phantom 
of the Opera" 3 pm . Th 
Department 01 Literature pres nt 
" When Output Wa Lo\\' : The 
Thirties" and " :\ovel 1914-1942 
Th Lo . of Innocence" In th HL 
Aud Unicorn- film directed by 
Or-on Welle ' "The Third Man" 
and "Touch of Evil " For further 
Info call 454-7373. 
M IC-Coffee Hut at 9 p.m. \lilI 
feature A Vitamin and Ja k 
Tempchin. ports rena , Country 
Joe and th Fish, 8 p. m all 224-
4171 for more info Civic 
Theater-Van Cliburn i th gu st 
artist of the San Diego \"mphony 
at 8' 30 pm For further Info call 
236-6510 

PORTS- SD v SD 10 a 
water polo match at Peter on G\"m 
pool at 3:30 p.m. 
ART EXHIBITS- UC D Art 
Gallerv. last few day of the 

" Boco~ r Arti t Colors Coli ction" 
Fine Arts Gallery, Balboa Park . 
Art Guild Exhibit. also sculptur s 
of Arnaldo Pomodoro. Je\lish 
Community Center, Annual Award 

Show. painting competition . 
TJlEATER- Old Globe, Balboa 
Park . "Th Night Thoreau Spent in 
Jail " . Cassius Carter Centre tage, 
Balboa Park . " Little Murders" by 
Jul s F iffer . 

SATURDA Y, October 31 
LECT RE - ymposi um on 
" Marriage in risi." at 9 a.m 10 
2A-2113 
M IC- People 's Cafe, R veil 
Inf orma l Lounge . I s r aeli 
folkdan ing and singing. lIallo\l cen 
Concert- Performance of Terrv 
Riley's In C for Instruments. D pt. 
of Music performers. 409 MC 
R ital Hall. 1l ' 30 p.m PI as 
note Ihe time Fr e .Coffee 
Hut- llalloween Party. mu ic bv 
Kindling near beer. hot dog '. etc ' 

PORTS- wlmming pool Will be 
clo. d from II to I p mUD v. 
OCCidental here In Var it} Water 
Polo at II a.m R crealional 
SWlmmlOg in the pool aft rip m 

an 01 go tale College \' s Cal 
tate Long Beac'h 10 wat r polo at 

11 a m 10 the Peterson Gvm Pool 
SDSC vs Fresno In the Shrine 
Football Game at San [)i go 
tadium at 8 p m Tickets .. ·4 

Bicycle Ride -20 mile rid I aVlOg 
front 01 Ur v lIall at 10 45 a m 4 
ml ride lea\:ing front of l Yrey Hall 
at 12 .15 p.m. For lurth r Info rail 
Pat Reardon 453·8861 or Rich 
Relneman. xl354 .Horse ba ck 
Riding-Tra il Ride BBQ thru 
Sunday leaVing 8 a.m contact 

andy Rokop . x1260 for more Info. 
Bowling-at Frontier Lanes. ra il 
Mike Ca rroll. 453-8975 Golf-al 
Miramar Air Ba e. 2 p.m" ra il 
Marj Javet. x2275. 
HALLOWEEN PARTY- Blake 
Open House from 7 p.m until ~ 

ostume encouraged Food . 

~ • .... 'rom bus in ess cords 10 brochures 

~g~,~h~;~:':~~~~~:~;;:~:~ 
mens hairstyling 

long hair our specialty 

Ippoiltlliltl 
Uli IIbl. 

755-3000 

d.1 • ., pllu 
310 fift •• nth street 

~ . I Iter 

.~II tonk sales include 1 year free air 

$1.35 snorkel only $.79 

NEW ENGLAND DIVERS, INC. 
3860 ROSECRANS ST. SAN DIEGO, CA. 921 18 

298-0.531 Aero .. from White Front 

THIS AD WORTH ONE DECAL PER CUSTOMER 

Page 16 Triton Time. October 30, 1970 

entertalnm nt and fun for 
vervon . 

MOVIES-Unicorn--film s directed 
bv Orson Welles. " (' ltIZ n Kan " 
and "Journev Into Fea r " For 
more info call·454-n73. 
ART EXHIBIT A D 
THEATER -c he ck Frid av" 
listings 
IIALLOWEE PARTY-at Muir 

ommon~ Cafeteria. 9 pm . 
T MBLEWOOD will provide the 
sounds 

SUNDA Y, November 1 
E TERTAI MENT-A, UCSD 
pr sents Mort Sahl. Stud nts wIth 
ID card free . a ll oth rs , 1 
1USIC- .Jazz Ensemble m ts and 

plays from 2-5 p m. in 201 1 
( adjo in ing the book tor ). 

pemngs lor tenor and baritone 
axe . trombone. gUitar. bass. and 

drum all Stefan 0 1 st n. 453-
6863. for more Inlo 
T -9 p m rep at f W dnesdav 's 
BB '-produced " Civilization" 
program on cha nnel 15 A 
televiSIOn set is available fo r 
VI wing th program In the 
Humamties Annex . ilL Building. 

PORTSA D 
RECREATIO - urfing. Inner 
school conte l. 6 a m. at the Surf 

hack Call Garv B ('ker . 755-6~25 . 
for more IOfo M'uir Outing, hik to 
San Gabriel Mts call Duane 
Gruber . x26 44 .. for more 
info. Bicycle Ride-75 mi ride 10 
Ramona . leaving front of rey 
Hall at 9 a.m For furth r info ca ll 
Pal Reardon . 453-8861 : or Rich 
Rein man. x1354 . 

MONDAY, November 2 
MO DAY, 'ovember 2 nited 

rudad Drive through November 
13 
LECTURE - 7 : 30 p . m ., 
Contemporary I sues ha s invited 
Dr. oule to speak on the 
population problem. Class will be 
held in IIL .\ D for all interested 
p rsons. 
MEET I GS-Ski lub 
orga nizational meeting at 7 p.m in 
2A -2402 . Fli c ks a nd 
Information.Archery lub will 

r®1 
L!J 

mcet at 5 pm in th PE .----------------------.., 
classroom 

TUESDAY, November 3 
ELECfION DAY 

LECT RES-12 noon. Salk Small 
Seminar Room. Dr. Norma n. 
" Mind and Memory " 4 p m" ACM-
APIS Dept ColloqUIUm 2A-2313. 
Rirhard Hamming . UCI," On 
Man ' i wof omputer Sci oc " 
MEETI G - 4'30 pm. Christian 

rience Organization. Revelle 
Informal Lounge. 8 p.m . lIighla nd 
Bagpipe Band . 2A-2101 
MUSI - Department Seminar 
Techniral S minar on ollnd 
Movement by Electronic Mans 12 
noon. 409MC. Observers welcom . 
LU HEO -12 noon . orth 
Dining Hall of Revelle Ca f teria 
No-host lunch with Reverend 
Charles Cond r D an of an Di go 
Episcopa l ConvocatIOn D an 
'onder will be on campus to learn 

about CSD and to meet with 
member of the UCSD community. 
particularl~' s tudent. and 
ministers. If intcrested please ra il 
ext. 1943, Offie of Religious 
Affairs. 
RECREATION- Wom n 
interested in cxemsi ng jogging. 
and conditiOning come to th volley 
ba II court in the gym every 
Tuesdav and Thursday from 12-1 
p.m. Further information ea1l B th 
Josi. ext 2283. 
BLOOD MOBILE-will b at 
urfside on th SIO campus from 1-

5 p.m. collecting for th SD 
and or Strickland blood fund . 
There are no restrictions as to 
what can b ea t n prior 10 givi ng 
blood except for a minimum of 
fa tty food . R freshm nts will be 
served . 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Th Education Abroad 
rogram is a sta te-wide 

ram. pres ntly opera ting 
cooperation with universitie 

fifteen cou ntries . U 
t are able to make 

ress toward their 
s while tudying at a 

out ide the nited 
benefiting from all 

of involvement with 
ther culture. 

Applications for all centers 
re available now at the Office 

International Education , 250 
The deadline for the 

nited Kingdom application is 

ovember 15 and for all other 
center January 15. 

Don 't know what to do this 
weekend? C LL EDNA 453-
3362, or ext. 1176. Need 
om eon to h lp hare your gas 

expen es to LA SB, F? CALL 
ED A 453-3361. or ext. 1176. 
Have something to ell , n ed to 
buy omething? ALL EDNA 
453-3362 or ex t. 1176. If you 
have any problems or que tion 

ALL ED A 453-3362 or ext 
1176. 

There will be a Chancellor' 
Press Co nference next 
Wednesday, November 4, at 
noon in the North Dining Hall 
of Revelle Common . 

CLASSIFIEDS 
For Sale 

1967 M uSlang, con • . riean, low 
mileage, new brakes, hock & 
lire .' 13 95 (o r ) lJ es l orrer. 
Exl. 2528 1I0me ~59-89iO 

1964 V .W. Bus with 1970 1600 cc 
engine 2 barrel carbo fold out bed 
wi mattress · carpet, paneling 
drape s. New brak es & re bu i lt 
transmiSSion . Call John at X· 1016 or 
222-2517. 

IHu e ' 69 Au lin Ameri ea-
Hry /lood condi l ion 1,100 . 
Cu ll Edna 459-B3i8 

Wanted 
Wanl 10 Irade 1arve l Com ics 'l 
Come 10 Argo 665 . 

Services 
Service on schedule. Dist inctive 
typing by helen and iulie. 
Satisfaction is our product I BM 
Executive. 
7466 Girard Suite 15 459 ·8888 

Typing : Reaso nabl e rales rOI 
Sludenls and leachers. Th.'si , ele, 
Venice 272-10 1:1 . 

Typinll ... Exper ie nced lypiSI. .. lerm 
pap ... s, Ihe~is. EI clric Iypewriler. 
Will do rush jobs. 453-6835. 

CUBA - Professional instructioD. 
Basic - Advanced - Photography, 
Don Hubbard 435-6779 

Job Opportunities 
The Communications Board is badly 
in need of a secretary . If you art 
looking for a iob. have secretariAL 
skills . and have qual i f ied for Work 
Siudy . contact the Work Study Off ice 
(ex . 1963) for a referral. HourI 
arranged . 
Are you 
SHARP. ARTICULATE 
HIGHLY QU A LIF IED? 
If so we have a positioR 
available on full or part time 
basis 

guaranteed minimum 
salary 
• earn $1200 or more per 
month 

future management 
possibilities 

8~O~E;O~ \, 

• youthful working conditions 
Present ly enrolled COLLEGE 
STU DENTS considered first, 
Previous sales experience 
desirable. 
Call : LEARNING DY NAMICS 
COR P. 239-5196 234-7060 

" ' ~ ~----------------------------~V ~::::::::;:::::~=-~,.~--~==::~~~ L.'x ienn i~ ear~ h i n f( rllr arliculal~ ram"u ~ " ' II' from I 
" ;,' 

down, Tak your i tamin baby. 
onson Pharma ut ica l ar good and 

ch aper.15 b auti to choose from. At the 
Bookstore. 

on u p ar i - lim .. lI n,i, . Cal 
Mr. Cra mpl"" ~ :) \ -:!:!2 1 

FOil LOCA L IIAH . A""lienlion 
b ei n/( Ink"n un . ' aml)u~ .1 
I\rl>\o '~I (1 / 45:I-H6Uh' 

Wanled: t'emal.. 10 make 
an wer phon for ch~m 

Id in relurn for dO' k • 
un limi lO'd h Ip in ph y ~ 
I nleniew 1 2 0 9 Ho""e 


