
Volum. 10, 'Numb.r 4 Uni".r.it, of C.,iforni., S.n Di.,o Tu.sd., April 14, 1970 

Assemblyman John Stull answe,. lng questions at I UC elCt_Ion courH on conMl'vatlsm. Speaking wlttl him were 
State Senator Clair Burgener (right) and 

AS Seeks Constitution Revision 
Associated Students President Jeff Benjamin 

announced today that the Senate will consider a 
revision of the A.S. constitution at its Wednesday 
meeting. 

The proposed redraft of the constitution would 
eliminate the present system of senatorial 
representation and replace it with a commissioner 
plan whereby officers would be elected to do 
specific jobs. In addition, each coHge would have 
one representative, chosen as the college govern-
ment wishes, to serve as a link between the A.S. and 
the colleges. There would also be commissioners 
appointed by the A.S. President and confirmed by 
the elected cOWlcil to do specific tasks requiring 
special knowledge. 

A preliminary plan drafted last week outlined the 
following A.S. officers, each a voting member of 
the council, in addition to the President and Vice-
President: 

Elected commisioners of: 
Community service, academic affairs, stu-
dent welfare, and external affairs. 

Appointed commissioners of: 
Program board, elections, public relations, 

and AS Enterprises. 

Elected representatives from each college. 
The login behind this plan is simple. The senate 

presently " represents" students from the colleges 
and the upper and lower Wldergraduate divisions. 
However, the A.S. is responsible for a vast amount 
of student- related activity which is not a function of 
is "representing" either the colleges or the upper or 
lower division students. The present situation, 
according to Benjamin, has not been satisfactory in 
providing students interested in this range of ac-
tivity ; from student involvement in the Academic 
Sentate to participation on the Board of Regents, 
from developing a record store to furthering 
relations with the Del Mar City CoWlcii. 

The college representatives would truly represent, 
according to Benjamin, their college interests, 
providing a communications link between colleges 
to better coordinate programs and ideas and extend 
the A.S.-college relationship. 

All students are invited to the next A.S. Senllte 
meeting tomorrow at 5pm in Conference Room A to 
participate in the discussion of the reorganization 
plan . 

Reagan' Asks for Report on Professors 
BiU Alaoglu 

Associate Editor 
The UC Regents, meeting in San Francisco this 

Thursday and Friday, may consider several crucial 
issues regarding faculty employment. 

The LOS ANGELES TIMES has reported the UC 
President Hitch may give a report on the activities 
of several professors, whom Governor and Regent 
exo{)fficio Ronald Reagan has accused of "in-
flamatory oratory." Reagan has asked for a report 
from th administration on the "behavior" of 

isstant Prof. illiam Allen and Associate Prof. 
Richard Flacks of UC Santa Barbara, and on Acting 
Profe r ' Angela Davis and Michael Tiogar of 
UeL "as they relate to recent campus and off-
campus disturbances." 

The UCLA Faculty Assembly has denounced the 
investigation as a "form of i"timidation and a 
violation of the most basic principles of academic 
freedom." President Hitch said the UCLA faculty 
groups misunderstood the nature of the request and 
noted that his report will be confined to behavior . 

An administration source has said that President 
Hitch will pro~bly not give the report at this mee-
ting, as he is carefully considering both the nature 
and content of the report. 

The Angela IAlvls case may also be an issue. In 
executive session, th Regents may ask for a re-
POrt by Chancellor Charles Young of UCLA. They 

had requested infomation concerning Miss Davis 
status regularly and are expected to question her 
possible rehiring by the department of philosophy. 
possible rehiring by the department of philosophy. 
The administration source has stressed that the 
regents are opposed to the re-hiring of Miss Davis, 
and that they expect the Chancellor to not renew 
her contract. 

other issues that might come up include faculty 
reports on the Livermore and Los Alamos labora-
tories, which the University operates for the Atomic 
Energy Commission and the Department ofDefense. 
The operations were the subject of a recent Los 
Angeles Times article, which explored the univer-
sity's involvement with classified research. 

A report by the state-wide academic senate on 
ROTC may be released at this meeting. The reports 
have been preptred but have not been re leased even 
within the administration. 

Further issues that the administration might con-
Sider will include funding for the Mandaville Fin 
Arts Building, the Marine Biology Building, and the 
first academic building of Third College. The Pre-
sident's office is now establishing priorities for all 
university projects, to maintain progress on 11 
campuses. The San Diego administration is trying 
to secure a high priority for eachofthese projects. 

'A Divine Interest 
Rules Society' 

Jim Sills 
Staff Writer 

Stull 

" I am happy to return to UCSD," declared Assemblyman John Stull 
as he spoke at Scripps Thursday night. Stull and State Senator Clair W. 
Burgener spoke in the University Extension course, " Conservative 
and Traditional Thought on Contemporary Issues." 

Stull asked, "What is a conservative?" He gave, in answer, a six-
point definition. A conservative 1) believes that a divine interest rules 
society as well as conscience; 2) has an affection for the variety and 
mystery of traditional, as opposed to utilitarian, life ; 3 ) believes that 
civil society requires classes and orders, and that the only equality is 
moral; 4) believes that property and freedom are inseparable ; 5) 
distrusts sophists and demagogues ; 6) believes that change and 
reform are not identical. 

Stull listed the essential American freedoms as .. the right of 
mobility, property, and privacy." 

Burgener, in turn, sought to explain "How a Conservative Acts." 
Burgener listed conservative views on various political questions. 

Trust in government : "The conservative trusts most the vote of the 
people ; next he. trusts the officials ; third, he trusts appointed of-
ficials ." 

Welfare : "Aid in food and clothing, not dollars ." 
State's rights : "State lines should not be blurred over by increasing 

federal power." 
When asked, "Do you consider universal suffrage to be politically 

leveling ... do you favor lowering the voting age?" Stull replied, "No, 
I don 't think universal suffrage is leveling. I think all people should be 
treated on their merits. I do, however, oppose lowering the voting age. 
I believe it is Wlnecessary." 

Burgener also opposed lowering the voting age: 'I think, however, 
that if IS-year olds can't vote, they should not be drafted." 

Senate Meeting 

(O-Op Receiyes AS Money 
Jllon ClthClrt 

Stiff Writer 

Members of the AS Senate consented last Wednesday to loan $400 to 
the Del Mar Food Co-op, a new enterprise consisting of about 15 
student members who are planning to open shortly a small health and 
regular food store to students and the public at reduced rates in Del 
Mar. The' loan was matched with a gift equalling this amount. $1500 
was originally requested . 

•••••• 
Senate members also approverl the selection of Bonnie Fraiser. 

Howard Porter and Betsy jaffe to the newly constructed tudent 
Faculty Conduct Board, the purpose of which will be to voice tudent 
representation in matters such a school vandalism disclpUne and 
dormitory concerns. 

.** ••• 
In observance to what will be 'Pollution Week," the nate agreed 

to send Chancellor McGill a letter requesting that classe to be can-
celled between 12 noon and 1 p.m. Monday, April 20, 10 order that a 
general assembly might .convene in the gymnasium to view a film on 
envirnonmental pollution and hear Dr. Soule or other po sible 
speakers. 

..*.** 

The Women's Liberation Movement succeeded in btal1ll1lg the 
necessary office supplies from the AS Senate . 



no TOillly •.. • 

"IF 1T',s TO 
8£A 

8LOOD8ATH. 
LET IT IE 

HOW." 

SOS and the Struggle 
SUB Adams, SDS 

(Editor's Note : The following column is a 
discussion of SDS by Sue Adams, a member of SDS 
at UCSD. It in no manner expresses or reflects the 
view of the TRITON TIMES.) 

SOS as a national organization has been altering 
and refining its understanding of the problems in 
this society-that is, its political analyses-since it 
first began . This continual development results 
from a process in which chapters across the country 
wage struggles to concretely alter bad conditio~s 
and to raise a political consciousness on thelI" 
campuses. An example might be a movement to 
elimmate ROTC from the campus. When SOS 
participates in an anti-ROTC action, SOS mem?e~s 
have theories to explain to other people why It IS 
importantfor them to participate in the action. Such 
explanations have probably at one time or another 
included : the university is a "house of the mind" 
and must be preserved from the taint of the less 
noble military ; or, ROTC classes are not academic 
enough to receive college credits; or , st?pping 
ROTC or military recruitment is a way of directly 
attacking the war in Viet Nam and concretely 
hindering its operations by making it more difficult 
for the military to get their quota of college trained 
of[icers. 

When it comes time for a national convention of 
SOS, exchanging experiences with chapters ~cross 
the country helps SOS members to judge which of 
the above analyses gives people the clearest idea of 
the role of ROTC on a university campus and helps 
most to build a movement which can end ROTC or 
military recruitment. It becomes clear that the first 
explanation tends to give students the illusion that 
they are in an elite atmosphere and isolated f~om 
other segments of the society with whom they might 
find common cause; it also ignores the fact that the 
university is not "pure" but has other direct con-
nections with the war through war research-such 
as NEL which is coming to recruit at UCSO this 
week. The second explanation does not deal at all 
with the war and certainly does nothing to build an 
anti-imperialist movement; the third seems most 
consistent with reality . The experiences gained 
from struggles gives members a basis on which to 
choose policies for SOS on a national level, to decide 
how SOS is to define itself at a particular time in its 
organizational history . Resolutions passed at 
national conventions are not binding on local 
chapters but are intended to outline what most. of 
the people in SOS feel must be done so ~hat m-
dividual chapter s can learn from the expeflence of 
all chapters . 
Minority V')ices 

After the split at the national convention and after 
much discJsr;ion , the many members of the SOS 
chapter he'e at UCSO became adherents of worker-
student al.iance politics, which has resulted this 
year in actions such as the anti-GE recruiter 
petition and npmonstration and the actions which 
have begU:l around issues in the caM.eric . 

Many m ~ll)bers of the SOS here at UCSO feel that 
pushing tt is sort of poli tics is the correct way to 
fight thin~s )ike the war and racism; supporting a 
strike at C E when GE is the second largest defense 
contractor can materia lly hinder the war, and could 
potentiall.' demonstrate to people where the power 
lies to stop the operations of the war more than 
marches which appeal to the consciences of those 
who make decisions in this country. However , the 
reason our actions have so often been explicitly 
concerned with the interests of working people is 
not because a local chapter is bound by national 
policy, but because no one in the UCSO chapter 
vot d against initiating these sorts of actions. It is 
conceivable that a majority of members of an SOS 
chapter would think that some other sorts of actions 

PI.e 2 Triton Tim.. April 14, 1970 

are more important or that the emphasis of an SDS 
chapter should not be a campus-worker-student 
alliance. Certainly these sentiments vocally exist 
within SOS. 

SOS being a mass organization means that people 
who feel that they would have a minority view 
should not stay away from SOS meetings. For 
example, most of the present members of UCSO:s 
SOS accept the Progressive Labor Party 's analYSIS 
of racism-that is, that racism has a material basis 
in the profits that are gained from racist wage 
differentials and hiring practices, and that the most 
effective way to fight racism is to attack it at this 
base. Perhaps after this summer, in an enthusiasm 
for this new understanding which seemed to make 
so much sense, SOS as a whole gave the impression 
that SOS would not consider any other way of 
fighting racism. It is of course possible to be sin-
cerely interested in fighting racism and have a 
different analysis of it than this one- for example, 
that racism has primarily a psychological 
base-and to formulate programs for SOS to fight 
racism. There is great disagreement now among 
the present members of SOS over which programs 
~ can really fight racism~.g. struggles around open 

admissions or preferential hiring of minority 
workers on campus. 

Watering Down Policies 
This article is not intended to espOUse the view-

point that all ideas are equally valid or to build 
factionalism within SOS. I do not encourage each to 
be content with his own viewpoint but I think that it 
is essential for anyone who is sincere about wanting 
to change things in this . society . to bel?ng. ~o an 
organization where his struggle IS not mdlvldual 
and isolated but united with others and to expose 
himself to serious political discussion. It is not an 
aim of this paper to water down the politics of the 
people who are already in SOS until they a~e ac-
ceptable to the vast majority of people, allowmg us 
to deviously trick them into turning out en masse for 
a rally or a demonstration. . . . 

SDS is opposed to attitudes and poliCies whIch 
allow. for example , the leaders of t.he morat~rium 
to say that they are not concerned With what kmd of 
politics people have, as long as they show up for the 
marches. Probably the most serious indictment of 
this policy of making one's politics as palatable as 
possible and avoiding conflicts is that it really do~s 
not build a political movement. What good would It 
do to get huge masses at some demonstration, only 
to have them filter away after, never to be heard 
from again? In such cases, the "masses" see them-
selves only as bodies , perhaps not aware of the 
implications of their actions or possible alter-
natives . And these sorts of dead-€nd actions help to 
build the cynicism which is becoming rampant 
among college students . 
To Correct Bad Attitudes 

Unfortunately SOS has been guilty in the past of 
attitudes which could only discourage new people , 
of not taking new people seriously and tending to 
pass over questions or objections they might bring 
up because "we've been through that so many times 
before." Obviously it will take more than this ar-
ticle to correct the bad attitudes SOS might still 
display atmeetings. It is, however, also within the 
capabilities of new people to insist that they be 
heard. Usually new people hesitate to contribute 
because it seems anything they were thinking could 
be said better by someone else, or, if no one else was 
saying it, then it must be irrelevant. It is true that 
sometimes the discussions are monopolized by a 
few, but is is essential for new people to decide and 
articulate what they feel should be said . 

If YOll say that you are against racism, the war or 
the oppression of women, you have to do something, 
you must become involved in actions that really 
struggle against them . 

OPINIONS 
'The Language of Violence 
and Exhortation to 1;01'=--.....0... 

Editor : 
On April 8, 1970, the LOS ANGELES TIMES reported a speech by 

Ronald Reagan, in which he warned against the " ment" of 
militant students. He is quoted as saying : "If it's td bath,let 
it be now." He reportedly "tempered" his wor afterwards: 
declaring them a " figure of speech. " These words (and their sub-
sequent " tempering") are the language of Hi tler and Gobbels: it ~ the 
language of violence and exhortation to riot. Ronald Reagan 18 a 
Regent of the University of california. . 

On April 8,1970, the same paper reported that Charles J . Hitch has 
agreed to provide the Board of Regents with information on ~e 
political activity of four professors on the faculty of the univerSIty. 
This is, in effect, the endorsement of infonners in and on the academic 
community. Mr. Hitch is President of the University of California. 

The second item reveals the degree to which the university is being 
surrendered to reactionary political pressure. The first item 
elucidates the state of mind of those to whOl!l the university is 
surrendered. 

We believe that the only adequate response would be to demand, of 
faculty and students, for the resignation of Reagan from the Regents 
of the university, and the resignation of Hitch from the Presidency of 
the university. 

Herbert Marcuse 
Reinhard Lettau' 

George Szanto 
David Norton 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Cafeteria Workers 
ate Health Hazards 
Editor : 

As employees of the University 
of California, San Diego, we have 
become increasingly concerned 
over the apparent disregard for 
health standards which exists 
among many who use the 
university eating facilities. The 
hazards caused by the presence 
of animals in public eating places 
are so obvious they need not be 
listed here, yet animals are seen 
daily in · the Revelle College 
cafeteria. Until now we have 
tolerated their presence even 
though we do not approve of it. . 
Today, however, the table next.to 
us was occupied by a young girl 
and what appeared to be her 
" pet" guinea pig. The rodent was 
on the girl's food tray and was 
eating from the cafeteria dishes . 
The animal proceeded to lick the 
table and whatever happened to 
be on it, including the salt and 
pepper shakers that are put there 
for community use. Finally, the 
guinea pig urinated on the tab~e . 
The girl soaked up the waste. With 
a napkin , put the wet napkin on 
her tray and continued talking to 

her friends at another table while 
the animal began eating from her 
plate again . In addition, a large 
dog would periodically come to 
our table for food and other dogs 
wandered around the cafeteria (a 
daily occurence) . The whole 
situation was so distasteful that it 
went beyond the point of 
tolerance and prompted this 
letter. Certainly, public health 
standards are neither being 
observed nor enforced in the 
Revelle campus cafeteria. 

There is a great deal of 
"yelping" from all areas of the 
university demanding "en-
vironmental control." It would be 
hypocritical for us, or anyone, to 
support the anti-pollution 
movement and yet allow in· 
cidents like the one just men· 
tioned to go unnoticed. 

It is our hope that this letter 
will result in constructive action. 
We would suggest that students, 
faculty and staff be made aware 
of existing policies concerning 
health standards in public eating 
facilities . If no such policies 
exist, perhaps now is the time to 
take appropriate action and see 
that it is enforced. 

Marcy Brown 
Barbara Maloney 

LeigbPonts 
Bobbye Price 

Claire Tietz 

trJtoIl tiIlles 
EDITOR ·IN·CHIEF. .Steve landau 

Mlnaglnt Ed jtor 
.Haywood Gammon News Editor 

. . . . •. . .Roger Showley 

Auoell ' , Mlhl,ln, Editor, .. , . , .Mllcie Klaver Anae l.t. Editor • •. " ...• 8 111 Ala09lu 
Copy Editor .. Chuck Granam Feature Editor •.• . c."" .. Rlch Heimlich 
Associ.,. COP't Edito . . .... Joe eastern Art, Editor 

. -: • . (. ........ Jeff Frle-d 
Photograph.,. Ed itor . . . .. ,Mark Trilling Sporh E.dltor .~.~$ .. W;- 8 .. Stelll DorSCh 
Editorl.1 Anisrant CarlO. NeT burger Aul,t.nt News edtto .... 

• ,' W 

A.vlttisl n, .. , ... ehel" Wakefield 

STAFF WAITEAS : Chris Bibb. Jason Ca thc.r" Mary Clark , Dean Crowe, Susan Croves. AII~ Hie 
fe-nan . Jim Stlts. OA'tIe Sturns. SIeve Stryker, Sam Wilson 

ARTS WAITERS : Bernard Flynn. Bruce Geller . Larry Jottnson 

SPORTS WAITERS : C.rol Ch ill ingion . Fred Grunewald 

ARTISTS : Ollv. B8rker . RObert A (ohen . Conni. underWOOd 
PRODUCTION: KorM GliCk . Judy Hil i. Beth Lyons 

PHOTOGRAPHERS : JOhn Kalke. Vinet Massullo. I(en Tan i~ ... :' hl 
AOVERTISING ASSISTANT l Susan Cades 

Ttl. TRITON TIMES IS Off tctally rK09n lzed Ind sUClQOrted .s a stud'nt newspaper by Ih. Com 
Il'tun ,(o"ons 80'Ard 0'1 ttl. Unlv~slty Of (allforn la . Sa" Diego. Building 2.$0, M.nnewl Campus. la 
JOlla . Caluornra . 92031 Publl(ll ion I'lwice Ytleekly on TueSdays .nd Frida.,., thrOUGh Jun. 5, '910 
Offlers are located In room 111. Bllke Hall . on the 'hvell' Campus For Adyet"tlSinQ PhOf"\' '~3 1000, 
,( 1011 for lollor,al or news phon. ,., 101. 

POSSIBILITIES 

George c . Scott as he IIppellrs In the title role of "Patton," w ith AbrllxlIS Arlin , 
an English wh ite pit bull terr ier who plays Wil lie , the legendary general 's pet 
" a ide." 

'God Forgive Me, But 
Oh How I Love It' 

"Patton, " now playing at the Pacific Center Theater , provides us 
with one of the best character studies available in some time . " Pat-
ton" gives us a picture of a true egomaniac, a man obsesssed with 
personal glory. .. . 

As a film " Patton" is extremely well done . The actmg, ill partIcular , 
is excellent. George C. Scott's portrayal of the title role is truly 
magnificent. 

The subject matter of the film is personally abhorrent. I dislike war 
and killing. But it seems that there is no end to the lines of people who 
thoroughly enjoy reliving their past triumphs with this film. The 
audience at "Patton" primarily consisted of people who were of 
military age during World War II. From their reactions dur.ing the 

scr~ning, it appeared that many were veterans of the conflict who 
were savoring the past. 

Perhaps the greatest strength of the movie is its honesty; it never 
tries to whitewash the man, it never tries to hide his true vie~s . The 
most revealing scene in the film takes place after a particularly 
bloody battle. Patton is touring the battlefield, itself a study in con-
trasts. The mutilated bodies and destroyed machinery are set among 
the lush greenness of the countryside. He has just finished ~king to a 
wounded officer who tells .him that the battle concluded With hand to 
hand combat. Patton tenderly kisses the man atop his head, pauses , 
walks away, then slowly looks around and says, "God forgive me, but 
oh how I love it." 

That was the man. That is how the film portrays him . You cannot go 
away without hating what he stands for ; you cannot go away without 
respecting the man. 

The Triton Times is serviced by the COLLEGE PRESS 
SERVICE (CPS), a cooperative news service operated 
by the United States Student Press Association (US-
SPA) that provides national news of interest to college 
audiences. 

cinema 

This weekend the AS Friday 
Night Movies will feature John 
Ford's "Stagecoach" (1939) and 
Busby Berkeley's " Footlight 
Parade " (1933). Witb 
"Stagecoach," which stars John 
Wayne as the Ringo Kid and 
Andy Devine as the stage driver, 
the major American studios 
broke into a rash of big-name 
Westerns that would span two 
decades . It is the drama of a two-
day passage through Arizona and 
a running fight with the Apaches . 
Though it has all the basic 
prinCiples of a typical cowboys-
and·Indians thriller. including a 
somewhat oversimplified rescue 
by the US Cavalry, it in general 
avoids the cliches of the familiar 
Western fonnula . 

Producer Walter Wanger was 
one of Hollywood 's first to 
crusade for social consciousnesa 
in films and·to deal frankly with 
controversial themes. His con-
tempt for the Production Code is 
evident as the heroine is a prosti-
tute, its hero (John Wayne ) a 
desperado , and its most likeable 
character a drunken physician. 
Newsweek in 1939 stated, 
"Against the pictorially thrilling 
Arizona background, the action 
of "Stagecoach" builds from its 
initial suspense into a steady 
crescendo of excitement. The 
acting is uniformly excellent. " 

"Footlight Parade," featuring 
James Cagney, is an elaborate 
showgirl musical comedy with 
some frantically spectacular 
chorus numbers mixed with a 
story of backstage life. The ex-
travagance of the cinema is here 
combined and contrasted with 
the realism of the stage and the 
film is a fine example of the 
exciting vigor and frequent 
tastelessness that is Hollywood. 

Sunday night 's Muir cinema 
series is presenting a 1952 classic, 
"Viva Zapata." Adapted by John 
Steinbeck from a novel and 
directed by Elia Kazan, the film 
stars Marlon Brando as guerrilla 
leader Emiliano Zapata and 
Anthony Quinn as his warrior 
brother . In an atmosphere of 
brutality, revolutionary fervor , 
and palace intrigue in the early 
1900's, "Viva Zapata" is a sincere 
and sympathetic tribute to a 
brooding, passionate peon In 
revolt against an oppressive 
Mexican goven1ment. Usjng the 

FLIGHTS 1110 

Fidelity Union-
Life Insurance · Co. 

ColiegeM Ister 
HolidlY Inn 

SUITE 100 
LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 
453-1853 or 
279-6878 , 272-05 8 

Don Clemln - Monte Evins 

Are you travelling to 

EUROPE 
Booitings o,e now being occepted fa, 
any 01 Ihe 3000 Intro·Eu,opeon student 
cho,Ie, "i9hts th,ough the EoIwctoll ..... 
5 ........ ' E ...... ". .. __ 101 W ..... 
lid ..... .......... CIty ... 1217 ....... . 
Iy II""., Leo " ........ Fa, th. bo" 
IlslJng all fJlgh" and application fo,ms 
10' llighls and Ihe Inl.,nollonal Stud.nl 
Idenllly Co,d. pl ..... fon"o,d S, .OO plul 
754 fa, pootoge and handl ing. 

" . ' J "' • f 

LARGEST SELECTION: TO & WITHIN EUROPE; AFRICA, ASIA. 
SOVIET UNION. SPRING-SUMMER STILL OPEN. ALL OTHER 
TICKETS, TOO. OLDEST ACADEMIC A~OC.: EASC, 323 N. 
BEVERLY DR., BEV~RLY HILLS, CALIF. 9021il, (213) 276-6293 

Belles! 
MISSION VALLEY. GROSSMONT 

Dimensions In Black to beleatured on KESS Channel 15. 

Rio Grande for background, it 
has the pictorial persuasion of a 
documentary, and a New Yprker 
/'riUc has stated it is "one of the 
most exciting films I ever saw." 

amadeus quartet 

The internationally famous 
Amadeus Quartet of London will 
perform at 8 :30 p.m ., Saturday, 
April 18, in Sherwood Hall, La 
Jolla , as part of the Chamber 
Music Series. 

One of America 's favorite 
chamber music ensembles since 
its 1952 debut here, the Amadeus 
Quartet is currently engaged in 
its 10th North American tour . The 
quartet regularly tours Europe, ~ 
England, Scandinavia ; . appears 
frequently in Israel, Russia and 
Japan; and returns to North 
America in alternate years . The 
1969-70 concert season marks the 
20th anniverSary of the quartet. 

Their first attempts at playing 
as a string quartet took place in 
one of their homes. In 1946, with 
the end of the war, they were able 
to concentrate seriously on 
fonning a permanent group. 
Their first public performance m 
1948 met with instantaneous 
success and, following many 
concerts and broadcasts in 
England, they were soon able to 
make their first concert tour on 

the continent under the auspices 
of the British Arts Council. 

Reserved seating for the single 
performance is $3.50 for general 
admission, $2 .75 for UCSD 
faculty and staff, and $1.75 for 
UCSD students. Reservations 
may be made by calling the 
UCSD box office at 453-6151. 

black arts 

On Tuesday, April 14 at 8 p.m. ; 
Thursday, April 16 at 7 p.m ., and 
Sunday, April 19 at 10 p.m., blues 
singers Sonny Terry and Brownie 
McGhee will present an unusual 
display of black art and artists . 
Native African folk art, slave art 
from early America , con-
temporary black art, as well as 
native African dances by both the 
Towoda Troupe and members of 
the U.S. organization will be 
seen. 

The influence of black art on 
other painters and sculptors will 
be explored. Hosted by Oavid 
Crippens, this one-hour color 
special was produced by KESS-
TV in San Diego, in cooperation 
with the La Jolla Museum of Art 
and the Visual Arts Department 
of the University of California at 
San Oiego. 

ON STAGE! NOW PLAYING 
Stud.nts $1.50 THE PHYSICISTS u c:. Silnite 

Intemational intrigu • . among ~u­
elear phys icist. in thOl c~mp.lt.ng 
lusp.n.e thrill., ... sardonIC WIt and 
biting humo, os th, •• f?med scltn· 
tists are patient. 01 a pnvot. asylum 
•.. ore th.y insane? 

ofte' 
noon 

PHONE 
239·2255 

" to & n .OG (fw.., Wffi .. thur •• J UII. ''It •• 
1300' .UOI',I .. Iet. " ••• ) 
Il.OO' II .SO 1S. ... IIot •. ) 
tl .to SI". w" ceiL ' 1 .. ,,",4 NIl. ,.(, .' ....... 

rT" .• OOuil'fofc J', i , 0,,.;;; t 'h~ . 
. '10,,11. 1ft "',u 'on •• ,.f J •• "",.,-tlll & InN"9 •• tho T"-otr , . • ....... ,.y~~'!.,.J. J 

olb glob~ tbeatrt 
........ 

Trite .. Ti... AIUil 14, 1110 '1,1 3 



Bllke· ln : Free, campus ·made French 
bread , fresh out of the oven , w ill be 
served per iod ica ll y from 2·6 p.m . In 
the Blake 4th .f loor lounge. Come and 
take a break from your stud ies and 
talk w i th your fri ends and enem ies 
over a mOist, tender , steam ing ·hot 
Slice of bread and butter . For more 
Info call Bruce Morden 453·1068. 

MARCH FOR PEACE : The m arch 
will leave Newton Park (F Street and 
Columbia), at 11 :30 a .m . and ter · 
minate at Balboa Park. Students and 
faculty members capa ble of supplying 
rides, stop by Urey Hall parking lot . 

Wednesday Night at the Mov ies : 
" Failsafe," ASUCSD Coffee I Hut , 9 
p.m . Free . 

Provost Stewart resumes his weekly 
open house sessions every Wednesday 
at 3:30 p .m . in the f irst ·floor lounge of 
the eight ·story Muir Res idence Hall . 
Free coke and cook ies . Come and 
bring a fr iend . 

thursda, 
Sum nernoon Ser ies : Color slides w i th 
commentary : " Angkor Wat - . 
Cambodia" by Dr. Edward Br inton . 
Noon, Sumner Aud . Free. 

recreation 

Ba se ball : Here vs. 
Azusa Paci f ic, Tuesday , Apr il 14, 3 
p.m . Here vs. Biola , Thursday, Apr il 
16,3 p .m . 

clubs 
Women's Liberation Front : Sunday , 2 
p .m . Upper Blake Lounge. 

Christilln Science Orgllnilltion : 
Tuesday, Informal Lounge, 8 p.m . 

Yoga Club : Monday , Wednesday , 
Fr iday, 10 a .m . Wrest ling room . 

Young Socialist Alliance : Wednesday , 
Apr il 15, 7 p .m . HL 462. 

50S : Tuesday , 7:30 p.m . USB 40SOA . 

Folk Dancing Club : Tuesday and 
Fr ida y, 8 p .m . Pump House Annex . 

announcements 

Orange Blossom , the nation's leading 
creator of d iamond r ings, announced 
i ts first annual nallonal poetry con· 
test, open to ind iv iduals between the 
ages of s i xteen an d twenty ·one . 
Contest entr ies w ill be judged by a 
prom inent panel of poetry experts , 
includ ing s inger ·com poser Glenn 
Y a rbrough . Ora nge Blossom w ill 
presen t diam ond pendants to the f ive 
first ·award w inners , and merit 
com menda tions will be g iven to 
runners·up . Each entrant ma y subm it 
up to f ive poems , a tota l of 200 lines in 
length . Each poem will be judged 
separately on i ts own litera r y m er i ts, 
w i th ind i v idual authorsh ip and 
orig inality being stressed . Contest 
rules and entry blanks are avail able 
at jewelry stores across the nation . 
ClOSing dates for entr ies is May 15. 
Winners will be informed on or before 
August 15 by telegram . 

Anyone who has Information on the hit 
and run accident that occurred last. 
Fr iday, April 3 on Torrey Pines Road 
one block south of UCSD, please 
contact EDNA (453·3362) or George 
(459·5171) • 

I UCSD grad studenl lower ing newly developed propane eng ine into university 

UCSD PRESENTS ••• 
San Diego Symphony 
Chamber Orchestra 

UCSD Gym April 26 Sun. eve. 7:30 
500 Dress Circle $12.50 each 

2000 (Gen. Adm. $2 -- Patron $1.50 - - A~UCSD $1) 

The Amadeus Quartet , perform '> on April 18th 
I 

Igor Kipnis ,harpsichordist, on May 9th I 
A 11 pe rformances in Sher wood Hall at 8;30 p.m. 

TICKETS AVAILABLE 
NOW AT UCSD CE ' TRAL BOX OFFICE, UREY HALL 
LOTJBY. PHO. E RESERVATIONS ACCEPTED AT: 

453-8151. 

Pigi 4 Triton Times April 14, 1910 

A Cyclethon to be sponsored by 
Amer ican Youth Hostels , Inc ., San 
Diego County Arthr it is Foundation , 
and the SCln Diego Heart Assoc iation 
has been set for June 6. The event is 
open to everyone of all ages . For more 
information call 291 ·0430 or 291 ·7454, 
or write to Cyclethon , 3537 Fourth 
Avenue, San Diego, 92103. 

Lost : one black and tan Germlln Shep. 
ard mix puppy (2. 1/ 2 months). Last 
seen on the Quad Friday, April 3 at 1 
p.m . Answers to the name of Thor. 
PI .. " contact Greg at 45'·5'71 or 453· 
5215. 

COLLEGE STUDENTS ONLV. EUR· 
OPE-Spain, Greece, Turkey, Rome, 
etc ., California Student Tours. (213) 
47'·"39; (213) 4"·6175. Fly Til<. 

'I' Cougllr, barga in, cali Dr. Kravis, 
University Hospitili. ATTEITIOI SEIIORS 

"Clar ificat ion ~ 

Typing Service-U .C. experi· 
enced-Technical Typing-The· 
ses-Manuscripts-Tape Transcrip· 
tion, IBM Selectric. Trudy Robideau, 
Mission Beach. 4" ·0783. 

In an article in last Fr iday 's edition, 
an undereducated Ed itor referred to 
Paule Carroll as " he." The TRITON 
TIMES has now been assured that the 
" he" i s most def initely a "she." We 
hope that th is clarifies any m isjudg · 
ments . 

I .. partant CIaIS .. uti .. 

Thursday April 11, 1170 

1 p.m . USB-2122 

UCSD Cars Run Cleaner 
on Propane 

"We are doing our share for cleaner air at the 
Central Garage," boasts UCSD Senior Garage 
Manager Sidney Chillcott. 

The boast is well justified by the performance of a 
UCSD vehicle converted from a gasoline to a 
propane system. The 1970 Chevrolet Townsman 
station wagon, which averages 5000 miles per 
month between Los Angeles and San Diego, is the 
first of UCSD's 151 vehicles to be converted, and 
other campuses are eager to learn the process. The 
system has made significant gains on the smog 
problem as well as being economical and depen-
dable . 

Emissions Reduced 

Chillcott explained that recent tests at Olson 
Laboratories show that the propane car emits less 
than one-seventh the hydrocarbons permissible by 
present state standards, and less than one-fourth 
the nitrous oxide. Even more impressive is the .018 
per cent carbon monoxide emission, dramatically 
less than the 1 per cent level currently allowed. 

The reduction in carbon monoxide 
produced - " It just doesn't make any," says 
Chillcott - will be the cause of long-run savings. 
"The life of an engine would be increased two to 
three times, as opposed to a car run on gasoline. ~' 
Vehicles which run 60,000 miles per year could be 
kept for two years rather than one. What will mean 
an immediate savings for the university could mean 
the decrease in the accwnulation of rusting cars on 
junk-yards if the use of propane was widespread. 

Mileage in the Townsman has improved from 8 to 
12 miles per gallon, to 13 MPG. Oil changes can be 
reduced from once every 5000 miles to once every 
40-50,000 miles . Propane has proven economical in 
that it sells for about five cents per gallon less than 
gasoline. 

Confidence Expressed 

Although the car has been converted entirely to 
propane, arid cannot be switched to gasoline without 
replacing the detached carburetor , the Central 
Garage Manager has complete confidence in the 
propane system. Propane is widely used on trailers 
and farm implements, so it is readily available. In 
addition, the 33-gallon pressurized tank which has 
replaced the cushions of the station wagon's third 
seat gives the car a 4OO-mile range. A bonus may 
come in the form of reduced fire insurance, since 
propane evaporates on contact with the at-
mosphere, reducing the fire danger of an accident. 

Also studied before deciding on the propane 
system was a liquid natural gas system. However, 
LNG requires a vacuwn tank to maintain the 
required -260 degree temperature. The scarcity of 
the fuel, the 200-mile range which would result, as 
well as the excessive installation cost made the $385 
propane conversion the obvious choice. 

UCSD's propane wagon - distinguishable by a 
small sticker reading "Powered by propane, our 
contribution to cleaner air" - follows propane-
powered farm vehicles, according to Chillcott, but 
preceeds Detroit's optional propane or duel 
propane-gasoline powered cars due next year . 

During last week's interview, Chillcott received a 
call from Dr. Stanley Miller, currently preparing 
UCSD's steam~iven entrants for the California-
Massachusetts smogless car race. Miller suggested 
that the propane car enter , a suggestion Chillcott is 
strongly tempted to follow. There are financial 
problems to settle before deciding to enter, but the 
designer of the UCSD clean-air car is confident the 
car 's dependability and ease of refueling would 
make it a winner . 

THE WORLD OF GLAMOUR 
Sell the prestigious Viviane 

Woodard cosmetics. 
Earn from $4 to $12 per hour. 

We train you. 
459-3684 

And find out what Service really means. 
Just keep a minimum -of $100 in your check-
ing account (personal or business) and write 
all your checks free. 

~ 
SOUTHERN CALIFOR'N~ 

! FIRaT NATION"~ BANK · 

Member F.D.l .C. 

H. K, BARKER, Branch Manager 
La Jolla Shores Br, 2256 Avenlda de la Playa, La Jolla 

Bob Davis Camera Shop 
STUDiNT DtSCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459-7355 


