
triton ti 
Volume' " NumIJer 2 University of California, San Diego Friday, October 2, '910 

Regents Explain Davis Stand to Extension Class 
Owen Joynf'r 

Assoc. City Editor 
Two Regents explained their opposing positions on academic 

freedom and Angela Davis Before the 200 persons who attended 
the first meeting of the " Issues Now" class Wednesday night. 

The course, offered as part of the UCSD evening extension 
series, sprang out of the " people to people" program as an 
attempt to inform the community more fully on the important 
problems and issues in the news. The Wednesday night meeting 
entitled " The Hiring and Firing of Angela Davis" began under 
a blanket of controversy, as it had been previously attacked 
editorially by the SAN DIEGO UNION .The Editorial, entitled 
" This is education? " claimed the class would be one-sided in 
favor of Miss Davis and was of questionable educational merit. 

For Non-Academic Personnel 

Staff Association 
Formed at UCSD 

Former Regent Jim Archer, left, 
a conservative, listens to Dr. 
Donald Kalish , the LA 
philosophy department chair-
man who hired A ngela Davis. 

Moderated by Dr. William Frazer, a physic professor at 
UCSD, the program began with an outlining of university 
hiring procedures by Prof. Donald Kalish, head of the UCLA 
department that hired Miss Davis. potlighting the Davi case, 
Kalish stressed Miss Davis ' unassailable academic 
credentials. He went on to point out that in hiring her. he was 
following a Regents ' directive ordering the hiring of 
instructor from minority groups. 

Regent DeWitt Higgs explained that hi vote to fire Miss 
Davis was promulgated by the recomm ndation of an ad-hoc 
committee of the American Association of niversity 
Professors. Higgs said that the committee report concluded 
that "extravagant and inflammatory" statements attributed to 
Miss Davis outside the classroom constituted unethical 
behavior for a person of Miss Davis' academic position. Thus 
on the strength of this report. Regent Higg aid he voted to 
fire Miss Davis. John Zaller 

taff Writer 
The-newly formed UCSD who are afraid of the 

Staff Association will elect its university" she said , " afraid , 
first set of officers by mail for example, of some of the 
ballot next week according to speakers that come on campus. 
nominating committee If they knew how students 
chairman Tracey Barret. listen to some of these radicals, 

Ballots will be sent out today, they wouldn ' t be afraid . But all 
and will be due back Friday, ideas should be heard." 
Oct. 5. She is against any form of 

The nominating committee political action, however, and 
has selected 27 candidates to would like to see the Staff 
run for IS posts, including 14 Association take a stand on 
seats on an executive council. that issue . .. All politica l rallies 

Formed to provide "an and demonstrations should be 
effective base for staff taken back into the community 
communication ," the where they belong," she sa id , 
Association has 180 dues- " and the educational processes 
paying members, drawn from should be allowed to go 
the ranks of career university undisturbed." 
employees who are not 
members of the Academic 
Senate . 

.. A lot of non-academic 
personnel are concerned about 
what happens on campus, " 
explained Geraldine Young, the 
prime mover in creating the 
organization, " but there was no 
way to express these feelings . 
We hope the Staff As ociation 
will open communication lines 
with the administration , 
students, {lnd faculty. " 

Young, who ays the germ 
idea for the A ociation came 
from the taff in the Revelle 
Biology Department, ha be n 
nominated to be the chairman Regent William Koblent z-

opposed the Davi firing. 
of the infant organization. he 
is a enior admini trative 
assistant at the Institute of 
Marine Resources. 

Also nominated for the 
chairmanship is Jame Harris, 
a research engineer and 
associate director of the 
Visibility Lab. 

Harri , like his rival , sees the 
Staff Association primarily as 
a vehicl for putting acro s the 
taff po ilion, but he tre e 

that he wants two-way 
communication. " During last 
year's di turbance , a lot of 
staff had improper 
impressions," he said , " not 
only about what students were 
doing , but about what the 
administration wa doing. 
Finally, the administration 
called a taff m ting to cl ar 
up some things. 

"The Association will fill 
that rol now," he concluded. 

Geraldin Young pointed out 
that the Association also has a 
potentia l for improv ' ng 
community relations. " There 
are a lot of people out there 

The decision to form the 
Association wa made after 
ninety-two per cent of over 500 
questionnaire re pondents aid 
they wanted to " voice 
opinions" about pertinent 
campus issues . Likewi e , 
ninety-two per cent agreed that 
the administra tion hould 
listen to the staff as well a the 
academic senate when both 
have active concerns. 

Following this decision , by-
laws were drafted and 
approved last month by a 154-2 
vote , a som what lower total 
than the number of re pond nts 
to the initial questionnair . 

" W wer a littl 
disappointed," aid Trac y 
Barret. " but wh n ther i no 
crisi • p opl tend to forg t 
about their organizations." 

Offic rs includ a chairman, 
vi -chairman, r tary, and 
tr a ur r , plu a 14-m mb r 
ex cutive ouncil. Th re ar an 
estimated 3,000 university taff 
who are eligible to join the 
organization. 

Regent DeWitt lI iggs- last yea r s 
boa rd chairman who voted to fire 
Angela Davis. 

Defending Miss Davis , the next peaker, Regent William 
Coblentz, contended that as long as the outside activities of an 
instructor didn 't interfere with his performance in the 
classroom, the university had no right to reprehend that 
instructor no matter how unorthodox or distateful a Regent 
might find the instructor's activities. Thi . Coblentz fell. is the 
essence of academic freedom. 

J .W. Archer, attorney for the AN DIEGO U 10 . (and an 
ex-regent > explained that the regents were re pon ible to the 
California taxpayer who did not want to pay the alaries of 
what they considered dangerous people like Angela Davis. 
Archer's closing statement, ·' today .. lS year of indoctrination 
as children i uprooted by four years of college. " stirred up 
much controversy in the question-and-answer period. 

Asked during a break in the clas . if he fel t the clas had been 
stacked in Miss Davis' favor , Mr. Archer who is connected 
with the newspaper which implied such favortism. replied that 
it apparently was not but that subject wa moot anyway witl; 
the disappearan e of Mi Davis. 

Next week 's meeting of "issue now " i cheduled to deal 
with "Society ' respon e to the Drug problem" and featured 
will be a panel of experts on the ubje t. Included will be a 
psychiatrist and a drug law enforcement official. 

No New Chancellor but 
Search Continues Smoothly 

Carl eiburgf'r 
taff Writer 

The respon ibility for choosing a new both personally and by reputatIOn. available to 
chancellor for UCSD is now in the hands of U th other committee m mber . 
President Charles Hitch and the Board of Another student committee memb r. Robert 
Regents, the President's earch Committ arrillo . a Chicano. wa concern d about th 
having submitted a " final "reportearly thi pa t po ibilities considered of minority candidate 
July. for chancellor. He said that only a mall 

The earch committee, headed by Dr. James number of minority candidate . had be n 
Arnold of the Chemistry Department, is uniqu propo ed by, the campu and off-campu 
in having student member and in not keeping communitie . Judging by that. h said . " I don' t 
the names of the m mber cret. The think the community i ready for a minority 
deliberations of the committee. however , as in chanc 1I0r ." 
all such search committees, have been kept arrillo also pointed out that " many minority 
secret to avoid embarras ment of potential candidate haven't b n long in th proC ional 
candidates for chancellor. field and haven ' t had a chance to make a name 

Arnold felt that the committee's great t for them elve ." H Celt that this hould b 
difficulty was in finding candiat willing to taken into account in comparing minority 
accept the pre sures of the chancellor hip. He candidate with white candidale who have had 
onsidered the students helpful in determining th opportunity to e ta Ii h a r putation 

th candidate ' abilitie to work with campus arrillo felt that th ria n ed for greater 
troubles. participation in earch committe by tudent 

Arnold wa very sati fied with the pre n of and m mb rs of minority group H was th 
tudents on th committe . He admitted having only minorit m mb r f th committ e v r 

fear that th recy of th committ would all, howe r , he "c It th' committe worked out 
b jeopardiz d, but now stat s that h would w II , nd it wa f ir to th few mlnorit 
r ommend having tud nt m mb r on oth r candidate we cam acr 

arch committ s. The third stud nt member wa Lanc 
tudent committe member and form r L vinthal. Olb r f ult m m w r 

Pre ident Jeff B njamin agr ed that for a fir t Acad mi Divi ion hairman Gabriel 
attempt at having tudent on th s ar h Ja k n. Mandl r , Walt r Munk. 
ommitt e, " th ituation really worked it If M lford piro, and Her rt J WS 

out prett well. " H felt , how v r , that th 
tud nt acted more a " urc mat rial" th n hancellor Rog r H nand 

as fully participating m mber . Thi , h said , h n 1I0r Ro mar P rk repr 
wa tru , not becau of th wa th y wroth r campu s. 
tr ated by oth r ommitt m mber , but Throughout th committe' 
because th lud nt la ked th tim , a ording to rnold , clo conta 
xperienc , and knowledg of th candidat s, maintain d with th R g nt" 



Selective Service System Under Tarr: Old· Wine InNew Bottles 
WASH["i rrON .. (CPS ) .. For 

the last five months Curtis 
Tarr, the new director of the 
Selective Service System. has 
been eng;neering a full-scale 
drive to convert the image of 
the draft machine from one of 
the inept, unfair , 
discriminatory bureaucracy it 
wa under Gen. Lewis B. 
Hershey, to an efficient. 
modern. benevolent agency 
which is seeking to meet the 
needs of the military while 
being as fair to everybody as it 
possibly can. 

The image is a good one, with 
a face-lifting on every level. 
The new image doesn' t change 
the fact that the Selective 
Service System is in the 
business of deciding which 
young lads are going to become 
ca nnon-fodder or pencil-
pushers for the armed forces . 

books I nd stl tionlfY 
art "'Itlria" 

But Tarr has eliminated the 
most obvious and blatant 
inequities and rhetoric that 
used to anger liberals about 
Gen . Hershey 's operation . 

One area in which this is 
especially clear is the respect 
which the new director has 
shown for the unfavorable 
rulings recently handed down 
against the Selective Service 
System by the Supreme Court. 
In June, When the Supreme 
Court ruled tha t conscientious 
objectors need not base their 
claims on religious grounds. 
Tarr swiftly responded by 
drafting the first interpretation 
of the law and regulations ever 
done by the Selective Service 
System. embodying the spirit. 
and indeed . in several 
instances, the actual words of 
the Supreme Court decision. 

In contrast, when, in 1965, the 

hi llmark cuds 
party goods 

north coast stationers 
121 north highway 101 solenl buc:h 

155-49 23 

offiCi supplilS schoo l supp liu 

high court ruled tha t church 
membership and belief in a 
Supreme Being were 'not 
prerequisites for CO status, 
Gen. Hershey's only response 
was to issue, unexplained , 
three years later , a new 
version of the CO form which 
eliminated references to 
church membership and belief 
in a Supreme Being. 

The system 's new " liberal 
and modern" image is also 
reflected by changes which 
have !leen made in the system 's 
house organ, Selective Service 
News . Gen Hershey's amusing 
but grisly front page , right-
wing editorials have been 
eliminated and the news has 
taken on a totally new look. The 
format has cha nged from an 
old-fashioned , four-col umn 
letterpress job to a more fluid 
three-column offset format, 
printed in dark blue ink on 
pastel blue paper. Tarr has 
moved hi s column to the inside 
pages. and the copy has lost its 
humorous nature . The News 
used to be packed with 
wonderful trivialities which 
read like a Ripley' s Believe It 
or No t for the war machine. 
This faScinating copy has been 
dropped , and the News now 
concentrates on hard news 
about the functioning of this 
system. Tarr also makes sure 

fO~TH~50~L~CI\l.I&11TS'~ I1HL'S'WPl!S-l£ATHE R· M IOI1G rtIERs, lAPC()AJ~ 
~21i M15~IDN BL~D .• MIS~~ N ~AGA . TfL .4 ..... _ .. ·,"l 

One college does more 
than broa(len horizons. It 
sails to them, ~nd beyon~. 
Now there's a way for you to know 
the world around you first -hand . 
A way to see the th ings . 
you'vereadabou t .and ' 
study as you go . The way 
IS a co llege that uses the 
Pa rthenon as a class-
room for a lecture on 
Greece. and illustrate s 
Hong Kong's f loating soc ielles 
With a ride on a harbo r sampan . 

Chapman College's W orld Cam pu s 
Afloat enrolls two groups of 500 
students every year and opens up the 
world for them Your cam pus IS th e 
5 s Ryndam . eqUipped With modern 
educa tional facilitie s and a fine facul ty 
You have a complete study CU rri cu lum 
as you go And ea rn a fully-ar.c redited 
semeste r while at sea 

Chapman College IS now accepting 
enrollments for Spring and Fall '71 
semesters Sprmg semesters Circle the 
world from Los Angeles. s topping In 
ASia and Africa and ending In New 
York FJII semesters depart New York 

for port s tops in Eu rope. Africa a nd 
Lat in America. ending In Los Ang e les . 

The world IS th ere The way to s how 
It to InqUi ring mtnds IS the re And 
finanC ial aid programs a re th ere. too. 
Send for our ca ta log WI th the coupon 
below . s s. Ryndam IS of Ne ther lands 
reg I s lry. 

You'll be able to talk to a World Campus 
Afloat representative and former students: 

• Sunday, November 8, 2:30 p.m. 
• Mission Valley Inn, Valley Room 
• 875 Hotel Circle 
• San Diego, California 

: .................................................................... . 
• WORLD CAMPUS AFLOAT 
fjI ~ Director of Student Setection Services 

Ch"pman College , Orange, Calif. 92666 

Please send your cata log and any othe r material I need to have. 

1970-71 SCHOOL INFORMATION HOME INFORMATION 
• Mr. 
• M ISS 
• Mrs. 
• -----.~.s~t~.mft.e~------~~--~~--

--Home Addr;;r.;-;;. =-. ---------.;SI-:::""'"e't ---
Naml of School 

t ... t 

chy 
• Campus Phon. ( 

Are. Cod. 

'p 

C, ty 

Home Phone t 
Area Code 

St.te Zip 

Unlll __ lnlo should be sent to campus 0 home 0 • 
appro. dete 

I 8m ,n le re.led In 0 Fall Spring 0 19 __ 
o I would Ioke to Illk to 0: r.presentatlve ot WOALD • 

eale CAMPUS AFLOAT W CA.9 • 
· .................................................................. .. . 

Page 2 Triton Times October 2, 1970 

that the articles mention 
recent court decisions which 
have come down against the 
system whenever they are 
relevant, another innovation 
for the News. 

These changes, however , are 
merely' deceptive shirts of the 
system's news analysis image. 
Under all the new, liberal 
rhetoric, the system still 
continues to concentrate on its 
dual role of channeling the 
lives of young men and 
providing the military with 
men to be converted into 
killers. 

'Ne ws-Analysis l 

HAIR 
FINAL WEEKS! 

AQUARIUS THEATER 
6230 Suns.t Blvd. 

46l-3571 

STUDE"t. tlCKlTl 
$3.50 on ull hili hour beloit turtain lor 
all perrorm.ne .. , (subl.et t ... slllbll,t,1 

I.D. RequlreO 

n ... ' OUr<·"ju /n, ·"" 
ftducal i"". t)()('omin;: 
i!uu e:t . phi/mwllhy 
cl.illirPII ·,'i IJm,k,ti 
fiction . p,,(Jlry 
j()~' 

men who fail to report for the 
physical will be ordered to 
report for induction, and given 
a complete physical at the 
induction station . Those who 
fail to show up, or who refuse 
to step forward when their 
name is called will then be 
reported to the Ju stice 
Department for refusal of 
induction . Many men who skip 
the physical are apparently 
expected to report for 
induction ; thereby 
accomplishing the system 's 
purpose without the expense 
and hassle of a c riminal 
prosecution. In this way the 
number of draft law trials is 
kept low , which was the 
function of the more blatanUy 
oppressive delinquency rule in 
the first place, and yet the 
system is able to efficienUy 
deal with the failure of men to 
report for physicals. 

While the new Supreme 
Court ruling , and Tarr 's 
guidelines for judging CO cases 
have doubled the number of 
new alternative service 
registrants per month over the 
summer and have caused 
several draft board members 
to resign, the overall effect of 
these actions on the efficient 
functioning of the system has 
been nil.Less than one percent 
of the current registrant pool is 
involved in the issue of 
conscientious objection. These 
few are easily ignored by the 
system. which carries on with 
its main function of 
manipulating the lives of 22 
million registrants into socially 
useful channels. 

PAClr~c 
YAMAHA 

complete sales 
Sa service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
1556 •• rnlt Iva 
lIacific bitch 411-1555 

I .. ~. &: ju"'i/l1/ 
pn/uor/wd .... 'f 

po.'ft(·rs 
r(I(·,.r(/ ... 

Nlff/ .... 

DEL MAR EARTH.SONG BOOK STORE 
1440 Camino del Mar • Del . Mar • 755-4254 

controvers ial book store 
widl sellc:tion on mysticism 
occ:u lt art 
YOgi 

thl revo lution 

selected used tlXtbooks 
psychdelic posters 

wide IIll tion of po litica l pub liCitions 
.11 politica l views rlp resented from thl 
peking rev ilw to thl cross Ind the lIag 

mon o to lit. 9 to 5:30 ",on 's and fr i's till 9 p.III , 

3021 univlrsity IVI., san dil,o 296·1S80 

.. 

BuckleY'Reflects on 
'he (urrent Disorders 

with the right to compel 
te sti mony in co urt 
(amendment six) . Justice 
Holme's market plate of ideas' 
is not a sufficient protection of 
society. If ' the market place of 
ideas' were in effect now, 
white superiority would be 
accepted in many parts of the 
country. As Hamilton said , ' the 
government must have the 
power to enforce its own laws." 

Jim Sills 
Staff Writer 

Students were gathering to 
hear him two hours before his 
scheduled appearance. By the 
appointed time there were over 
four thousand expectant 
persons gathered in a close. 
uncomfortable atmosphere. 
Then , the clapping of the crowd 
brought William F . Buckley Jr. 
to the podium in San Diego 
State 's Peterson Gym. 

Buckley was obviously 
surprised by the extended 
applause that greeted his 
appearance. A week before, he 
had debated William Kuntzler 
at Rochester before a 
somewhat unfriendly 
assembly. Initially lense, he 
soon hit his stride and the 
crowd was all his without a 
single heckler. 

Dangerous Idealism 
Buckley ' s speech 

("Reflections on the Current 
Disorders") concentra ted on 
what he has called the 
" ... apocalyptic consequences 
of private licentiousness when 
justified by idealism." 

Buckley examined many 
figures popular with some 
students to make his point. His 
mention of Eldridge Cleaver 
and the Black Panthers 
brought scattered applause. 
Buckley then continued, " On 
the day following Bobby 
Kennedy's assassination, a 
cartoon appeared in the Black 
Panther newspaper depicting 
Senator Kennedy lying in a pool 
of his own blood ... the editor 
had caused Kennedy's face to 
be transformed into the image 
of a pig." Pausing, Buckley 
went on, ' Do you think Bobby 
Kennedy was a pig?' I asked 
Cleaver a few weeks later. 
'Yes ,' he replied. ' And what do 
you think of Julian Bond? ' 
' He ' s a pig who might just end 
up being barbecued with the 
rest of the pigs.' " 

Buckley concluded that the 
Panthers had started with high 
ideals, " to destroy racism and 
oppression ," but ended up 
trying to solve problems " by 
removing the society's 
leaders . ,. 

The "Chicago Seven" were 
se lected by Buckley as 
representatives of the New 
Left. " The American 

( RESCI'S ( & M 
Now Optn h •• ning.- Tuesdo, Ihrough frodo, 

S:lO t. • p.m. 
T rr ,a.J' oIM .. , J,...ield 

TUESDAY THURSDAY 

m." boll .ondwleh hom sondw ilh 
salad ond beverage palm salad or 

99' lole slaw 
pil kl •. be,erag. 

r""I, • • pugh.lI, '1.10 
(half·half) 

salad, roll , b.""g. 
99' 

lasogno 
IOlad, roll , b.''''ge 

'1.10 

WEDNESDAY 

.pagh."" meal ball. 
salad, roll. bemal' 

' 1.10 

(nicken (ouiolori 
IOlod. rolf, b.,.rllil 

' 1.10 

lasognll 
.olad, loll. 
beverag. 

'1.10 

FRIDAY 

obol ... pall~ 
salod and bo,erog. 

'1.10 

uob LOllIS 
'hoi" af d"uing 
roll ond b.nrogl 

'I 75 

PIZZA al any time! 

CRESCI'S C &,M 
Deli and Restaurant 

7833 Girard Avenue 
La Jolla, Calif . 92037 

phone: 459-5191 

Revolution is these radical 's 
charter, the touchstone of their 
beliefs. They quote the 
Declaration of Independence 
about the people's right to 
'alter or abolish ' governments. 
Had they read on a little 
further they would find 'We, 
therefore, the Representatives 
of the United States of 
A,merica , in General Congress, 
Assembled, appealing to the 
Supreme Judge of the world for 
the rectitude of our intentions, 
do , in the name, and by 
Authority of the good People of 
these colonies, declare our 

William F. Buckley, Jr. 

independence." Buckley went 
on to note that American 
independence was " legally" 
secession, and that most of the 
Declaration signers had been 
leading figures in the pre-war 
elected colonial gevernments. 

The Absolutizers 
Discussing free speech and 

the Bill of Rights , Buckley 
lined up against what he called 
" the absolutizers. " " Those 
who feel every amendment 
must be carried to its final. 
ludicrous extreme. It is 
impossible to look at the Bill of 
Rights in that matter. Free 
speech and press (amendment 
one) conflicts with fair trial 
(amendment six ). The ban on 
self-incrimination (amend 
ment five ) c'onflicts 

Student Radicalism 

The 44-year-old editor of the 
conservative National Review 
credited student support of the 
radicals to .. the vagueness of 
the New Left program. This is 
their greatest strength. If they 
had a program, you could 
present the economic examples 
of Cuba, Red China, the USSR. 
etc. Precisely this sort of 
ideologization makes them 
impossible to speak to 
rationally. The New Left can 
only deliver on its promise of 
the soul-rejuvenating relief of 
emotional experience. Reason 
cannot reach through the 
revolutionary vapors on which 
the New Left is stoned ." 

Looking to the future 
Buckley indicated that, " the 
fascination with revolutionary 
culture and a ttitudes will 
continue . " Should " the 
Revolution" succeed Buckley 
foresees not liberation, but, 
" the last bit of individualism 
washed away by technocratic 

_individualism. These curious, 
ragged individual s like 
Hoffman and Rubin will be the 
first to go. The radicals simply 
won ' t listen to Professor 
Toynbee when he tells us that 
'Revolutions historically have 
not produced the ends for 
which they were fought. ' .. 

Concluding, Buckley outlined 
the " proper" method of 
defe nding society from 
revolutionaries. " The sign has 
come to e nd them .. . through 
community enforcement of 
standard s . Through the 
corporate recognition of our 
past. It is your duty , a sublime 
one I call it, to meditate on 
those martyrs who won our 
liberty ... and also those corpses 
which lie dishonored because 
they losltheirs." 

After a protracted ovation , 
Buckley said , " Minority 

DEL ;ra,~ 
MAR DRIVE-IN THEATER 

OFF HWY. 5 AT VIA DE LA VALLE TURNOFF, DEL MAR • 755·8757 
OPEN 6:30-SHOWTIME 7:00 P---------- ---------~ 

S'" 

GODfReY CAMBRIDGe 
RAYMOND STJACQUeS 
CAlVIN lOCKHART ~) 
OOLOR by DeLuxe· lD1Id ...... 

IHI NIRISCH I'!tOtlU:I ctlMI'AIIY ........ 

CHARLTON HESTON 
A WALTER MIRISCH PROOUCliON 
"THE HAWAIIANS" 
PANAVISION COlOR by Delu.e' 
[GPI~ IInIfld Art18fI 

William t'. Bu kley, Jr .• speak 10 a capacily audienc"., an DieK" 
tate's Peterson G ym . 

disruptions inevitably hurt the 
majority. If the electorate 
loses faith in education as a 
result of these disruptions, the 
man y will suffer . " 

Asked if violence wasn ' t the 
only way to gain attention to 
some social problems in 
America , Buckley seemed 
surprised. "' Eldridge Cleaver 
wrote a book, a best seller. 
which may be a part of your 
curriculm (S<XJI On tce ). 
James Baldwin regularly has 
publishers competing for his 
works. In New Hampshire , the 
McCarthy kids overturned the 
American president. One can 
hardly imagine Alexei Kosygin 
lOSing his job because he did 
poorly in a Siberian election. If 
there are protests I ha ve not 
seen catalogued, they must be 
very individualistic. 

Buckley on Agnew 

A question on Agnew elicited 
the answer that. " Agnew 's 
fault , of course , is that he 
is ... an ' uppity' conservative." 
Buckley' s eyes gyrated with 
wild amusement as he 
pronounced the last two words. 
and the crowd responded with 
voluptuous delight. " Agnew 
simply does not know his 
place." As to those who feel 
intimidated by Spiro T .. 
"There is the story that Agnew 
asked Rand Corporation to 
suspend the 1972 elections. This 
superstition was feasted on by 
the same people in New York 
who ignored Robert Welch . ,. 

Asked what he wanted most 
for himself. Buckley quoted 
G.K. Chesterton. " For myself , 
the freedom to be 'one 's potty 

WHY DON'T YOU? 
If you are looking for the most 

terta ining and provoca tive 
adul t film fare to be seen an'l' 
where , Pussyca t Theatres al e 
your cup of tea I 

little self.' J di strust those 
which want a utopian society 
which insists on conformity. 
The building of utopian 
rhetoric ... that the government 
can create the sort of society 
we will all love. I understand 
life to be a vale of tears . We 
must struggle with ourselves. 
To think that secularism can 
bring utopia is the high heresy 
of Liberalism." 

Later, speaking to the 
TRITON TIMES , Buckley 
expressed his doubts about 
Eldridge Cleaver 's mind . 
" When I had him on my show I 
was convinced that he did not 
write 'Soul on Ice.' He was 
lethargic and seemingly 
confused." Asked if he had 
read any good books lately, 
Buckley answered quickly. " I 
read a book review of the 
autobiography of a 'groupie.' 
A t the end. the girl says .. All I 
want to know is ... is semen 
fattening ?' Is that one for the 
ages?" said Buckley. "Wha~ 
century has produced a quote' 
like that. I mean , talk about 
your bourgeoi concerns." 

Writers needed. . . 
for magazine style 
supplement to appear 
several times 0 quar-
ter in the. . 

triton times 
See Steve 
in the Triton 

Landau 
office. 

Each week, thousands of dis· I 
criminating men and women 
throughout California look 10 
their local Pussyca t Theatre for 
the finest in adul ts only enter· 
tainment . 
Why don't you Visit one of the 
Pussycat Thea tres listed below) 
Check your newspap r or ca I 

ur local Pussycat Theatre for 
. nrnnr;'m information . 

WHY DON 'T YOU ? 

Triton Times 

930 NATIONAL AVE 
NATIONAL CITY 
477·4477 

October 2, 1970 Page 3 



"Opinio " 

Part of ~ TRITON TIMES attempt to obtain complete 
representa l ion of University-wide opinion is a new faculty colum n to be 
run periodir.ally. In this first contribution Professors Mike Parrish and 
Frank Halpern give their conflicting views on the value of 
"-establishn lent" and " new" type politics . 

The Real Peace and 
Freedom Candidate 

by Dr. Michael Parrish 

The Democratic and Republican parties are 
alive and doing well . despite persistent rumors 
that ( 1) they have been captured by 
reactionaries and ( 2) are incapable of producing 
leaders who can cope with the present and 
pending disasters of American life . This 
assessment should lift the spirits of due process 
liberals , particularly in the Democratic Party, 
who were traumatized by the events of 1968. At 
the end of that grim summer. following the 
deaths of Marti n Luther King and Robert 
Kennedy, Chicago 's police riot , and the 
nomination of Hubert Humphrey , the only 
honorable and e ffective response seemed to be 
independent of third 'party politics outside of the 
diseased organs of the major parties. 

The two years since Chicago have done much 
to shatter the illusion of an independent , gra s-
roots party on the left. Primary elec tions this 
summer and general elections in ovember 
may demonstrate further not only the futility of 
a third -party s trategy, but also its 
inappropriateness for those who hope to 
participa te in a erious and su tained program 
of political renewal. 

Since 1968. the Democratic Party has 
experienced a transformation similar to that 
exhibited by the Republicans after the 
Presidential election of 1964. The Grand Old 
Party, political observers predicted . could not 
survive the Barry Goldwater fiasco . It would be 
reduced to permanent, minority status, 
controlled by drugstore fascists and utilized 
exclusively for the dissemination of quaint 
Christian, anti-communi t doctrines . 

What really happened to the Republican Party 
after Goldwater was. of course. quite different. 
It sent at the Senate of the United States the 
first Negro since Reconstruction, Edward 
Brooke of Massachusettes, in addition to seven 
of the oost notorious liberals now seated in that 
augu st chamber : Charles Goodell of New York ; 
Mark Hatfield of Oregon ; Charles Percy of 
Illinois ; Charles Mathias of Maryland ; Richard 
Schweiker of Pennsylvania ; William Sax be of 
Ohio ; and Robert Packwood of Oregon. 
Between 1964 and 1968, in other words, the 
Republican Party, instead of writhing on a 
death bed of reaction, produced its most 
enlightened Senate delegation in 100 years . 

The Republican Eight, e lected s ince 1964 , 
have been our leading cri tics of the Indochina 
War as will as the chief opponent of inflated 
military spending and assorted civ ilian 
boondoggles such as the SST. And, it can be 
argued. this same party sent to the White House 
In 1968. after the Kennedy assas inations and by 
the narrowest of margins . a man who for all his 
cynical maneuvers and sma ll town banalitie ' 
has sponsored orne of the most progressive 
domestic programs of any Republican leader ir 
60 years. 

Hubert Humphrey's richly-deserved defeat 
has obscured the fact that the national 
leader 'hlp of the Democratic Party increased 
in both quantity and quality during the 1968 
elections. despite the death of RFK and the loss 
of Pe nnsylvania 's patrician reformer . Joseph 
Clark . The direction of the Democratic gains 
wa s deci s ively leftward , even in Ca lifornia 
where Ala n Cranston thra hed the John Birch 
ociety's 'e r sion of Mr . Chips . the learned Dr 

Rafferty. In Mis ouri. Democrats replaced the 
corrupt and lazy Edward V. Lo ng with a man of 
much prJroise , Senator Thumas Eagleton . 
lowa's ~ enate seat which had been 
intellectu Illy vacant for 24 years during the 
Lenure 0 ftepubli(,:l!! Bn lI' kp ~lickenloop r , was 
fill d by I arald Hughe Ala ska returned young . 
liberal M ke Grabel to the Democratic, enate 
post occu lied for 12 yea rs by Ernest Gruening , 
a n octogen rian foe of the Indochina War and 
the lectric utilities. but a lso. unfortunately, a 
man drift n~ rapidly toward e nility . 

from the Senate of the Uni ted States would 
remove four of the Defense Department's 
principal errand boys and increase the 
opportunities for a more humane division of the 
Federal budget in 1971-72. Their retirement 
would also do much to reduce the level of noise 
pollution in and around the capitol building. 

The loss of Eugene McCarthy and Stephen 
Young of Ohio will be inconseque ntial if. a 
expected, they are replaced by Hubert 
Humphrey and Howard Metzenbaum . Likewise , 
Charlie Goodell 's defea t by Democrat Richa rd 
Ottinger in New York , while perhaps jarring to 
the mod clothing industry , will certainly not 
reduce the Senate's burgeoning anti-war 
coalition . Albert Gore of Tennessee, vice 
president Agnew's bete-noir, and Vance Hartke 
of Indiana , caught by LIFE magazine with his 
hand in the till of the junk mail advertisers 
lobby, may be the coa lition ' s only casualties on 
Nov. 3. 

1970 may a lso be remembered as the yea r 
when leberals rediscovered the pote ntial of 
" that other legi s lative body, " the House of 
Representatives. This rediscovery will have 
great significance for the restruc turing of 
American politics within the two-party system. 
Conservatives. of course, have long recognized 
the potential of th Hou e and it seniority 
ystem as a fo rtress again t bothersome 

innovations ema nating from the White House or 
the Sena te . What should be our most responsible 
a nd re ponsive national politica l institution. 
elected eve ry two years. has become instead a 
permanent have n for some of the greatest 
t imeservers, thieves. and mountebanks in 
American society and the biggest s ingle drag 
upon all efforts to turn this country around on 
the issues of the war, military pe nding. the 
environment. consumer protection, and income 
maintenance. If there is to be a genuine reform 
movement in the United States it must succeed 
in the House of Re presentateves. 

That movement , based upon dull prec inct 
work, a li ttle money, and a ttractive anti-war 
candidates, work ing within the framework of 
existing party primaries , has demon trated 
ext raordinary vitality during the past s ix 
months. In Massachusettes Democratic 
primary, the Rev. Robert Drinan, a Boston 
University Law professor. defeated incumbent 
Congressman Philip J . Philbin, the second -
ranking member of the benighted House Armed 
Services Committee and the chief Northern 
stooge for its chairman. L. Mendel Rivers of 
South Carolina . Another a nti -war candida te , 
Paul Sarba nes , put together an equa lly stu nn ing 
victory in Maryland 's Fourth Congress ional 
District where he defeated another incumbent 
hawk. Re . George Fallon , the powerful 
chairman of the House Agriculture Comm ittee. 

Last week . Craig Barnes , a 34-year-old 
Denver lawyer , ru nning on a platform that 
included a demand for total American troop 
withdrawal from Vietnam by January 1971 , 
unseated 70-year -old Rep . Byron Rogers. who 
had occupied otherwi e valuable office space in 
Washington for te n undi stingui hed terms. The 
new Congress , which assem bles in J a nuary, 
may quite possibly make substantial alterations 
in the seniority system . 

When measured against these recent 
achievements within the ex is ting parties as well 
as liberal prosp cts for ovember, all half-
baked third -party efforts, pa rticu larly on the 
left, assume a rather sinister quality. Any third-
party campa ign. conducted by an ad ult, which 
Siphons off one nicke l or one hour of precinct 
work from serious anti-war candidate in the 
Democratic or Republica n parties. should be 
labelled for what it is : a gigantic fraud . 

Any third -party candidate who , in this criti al 
election year before reapportionment. frillers 
away time and money in a Co ngreSSional 

The composition of the Senate may hift even district lik th 35th, is h Iping to redu e the 
more dramatically toward th liberals this fa ll. chances of 50 othe r viabl a nd committed anti-
Th net gain could run as high as four scats if, war ca ndidates. That is simply too high a price 
a now seems likely. Adlai Stevenson III to pay for ducational , ego-sati fying 
( lllinois l. Joseph Duffey ( onnec ticut ), John campaigns like tho onducted by the Peace 
Tunney ( alifornia) , a nd PhIlip Hoff (Vermont ) a nd Fre dom Party. The real peace and 
defeat their incumb nt opponents. The freedom ca ndidates thi s yea r in alifornia and 
retirement of Ra lph Sm ith (Illinoi s), Thoma s in the nited tates are runn ing. as they have in 
Dodd (Connecticut/ , eorg Murphy the pas t , under the banne rs of the Democratic 
(California l. and Winston Prouty (Ve rmont ) and Republican partie . 
Page 4 Triton Times October 2, 1970 

lew Ideas, lew Political 
Activesto,and a lew Party 

by Dr, Frank Halpern 
The invention of new gadgets will not solve the problem of 

air pollution, nor will strict laws stop littering, nor will fines 
prevent industries from polluting their surroundings. Pollution 
exi sts because production, consumption and the growth of the 
gross national product are essential to the functioning of our 
economy. Our attitudes have bee n clouded by thi s fact. This is 
a form of psychological pollution that precedes physical 
pollution . Until we change our attitudes a nd our economy we 
will wallow in pollution despite periodic attempts to clean up. 
Changing our economy is going to hurt some people . It will 
hurt their pride and their pocketbooks . It will hurt important 
people , people who support m ajor politica l parties today, the 
most. These people a re not going to make the c ha nges 
necessary to stop pollution. These cha nges, if they are ever 
made , will be made over or around the e people . 

People are not just the same,despite race . We are not 
brothers, a nd we are not equal. Racism in America consists of 
a long b itter history devoted to inequality a nd differentiation. 
Our brutal heritage will not be overcome by denying it. We 
have to recognize it , accept it and work from it. The 
elimination of racism will be a very painful and unrewarding 
task for a long lime to come . The elimination of racism is going 
to involve a real transfer of power from people who have power 
to those who do not. Again those who have power a lso have it in 
the major parties and they are not vo luntarily going to 
surrender their power. It will have to be taken a way from 
them . 

The war in Vietnam is not an accident, but part of a 
delibe rate policy to economica lly and militarily dc,minate 
large areas of the world . The only mistake in Vietnam was the 
underes timation of the Vietnamese. Vietnamization doe not 
change the policies that brought us to Vietnam . Only the 
withdrawal of a ll troops now and the di smantling of the 
military-industria l complex can achieve that. Thi act will be 
painful to powerful people in the major parties. 

The major parties cannot act .to resolve the principal crises 
in America today . But what is even worse. they are incapable 
of unde rstandi ng t hese problems. An attempt to do this would 
rapidly reveal the conflict between those who have power in 
these parties and the general welfare . These conflicts ? re real. 
They are not due to a breakdown in communications and they 
will not be solved by a little more technology. We need new 
ideas a nd new political activists . These can only be found in a 
new pa rty. 

It is often alleged that voting for a minor pa rty. Peace a nd 
F reedom. is was ting one's vote because Peace a nd Freedom is 
bound to lose. Although Peace and Freedom may 10 e the 
election , this argument does not weigh the losses involved in 
supporting one of the maj or parties 

I have already poinLed ou t that the m ajor partie a re 
incapab le either intellec tuall y or in fiction of dealing with 
rea lities. Thus, in supporting a major party, one loses not on ly 
the hope of seeing sa tisfac tory actio n taken but also th 
possibility of honest discussion . Supporting a major party 
today sacrifices the entire future, for the possibility of very 
meag re gains. Wors t of all. it becomes a habit in which one 
loses one 's digni ty . 

It might be argued that all electoral politi cs is a hoax. a nd 
that one should e ngage in some form of direc t action . Without 
disputing the valid ity of direct ac tion , I t m e assert that there 
i ' a r a l value to electoral activity. No matter how trivial it is . 
electora l politics is traditional in America . People are trai ned 
to look to elec tion ca mpaigns as the apex of politica l life. Thi s 
makes these campaigns u eful and neces ary e ven if one 
wishes to denounce the electoral process. 

In a deeper sense the le vel of discontent is so high in the 
United States today that it is only the inability of th 
discontented to organize that permits the stabli shed order to 
continue. The organization of the di 'parate co llection of 
alienated groups a nd individual s is an activity that ca n b 
condu ted mor [fec tively within the fram work 01 a political 
party than in separate actions to d fend thi s. or protest thal. or 
to free someone . 

I would like to urge you if you are intere ted in change , rea l 
change now, to work in the Pea e and Freedom campaign this 
fall both as an opportunity to organize and a an opportunity to 
dey I p the idea for a n w socie ty. 

Woman's Liberation 
The Women' s Liberation Front at UCSD has been work ing in 

three different areas : spread ing information about the 
movement ; attemJlting to improve conditions for UCSD 
women now ; and cfeveroping an awareness of the effect upon 
our own lives of our socialization as women . 

La st fall , WLF led an informal evening seminar on women' s 
liberation issues, which became during the winter quarter an 
official section of Contemporary Issues. During the :;pring 
Quarter we he ld a large rally on In ternational Wome n 's Day ; 
speaker s di scussed the nature of female oppression , and a 
movie a bout women, made by members of the UCSD group 
was shown. The Contemporary Issues class will be repealed 
this Winter. WLF, along with the group at San Diego State, 
leafleted at a bridal fair in downtown San Diego, remi nding 
women attending the fair that the right silverware is not the 
main component of a happy marriage. 

The first project of WLF on this campus wa!' agitation for a 
gynecologist at the health center and for recognition of 
women ' s gyneco logical problems (contraception and illnesses ) 
as legitimate, routine medica l mallers to be included in health 
insurance for s tudents a nd staff . The upshot of our efforts was 
the establishment of the Planned Parenthood clinic at UCSD on 
Monda y evenings ; although the center does not meet all the 
needs of UCSD women, it is a vast improvement over the 
situation before Planned Parenthood began operation here. 

During m ost of the past year, WLF has been working on a 
free , cooperative day care center at UCSD. Last spring we 
provided day care every afternoon from one to five . The 
childre n were three years old and younger- This is the age for 
which other facilities suc h as nursery schools are unavailable, 
esrecially for c hildren who are not toilet trained . The building 
used for the center wa s only temporary and WLF has been 
working toward establishing a permanent facility on campus 
We have been given building 6l0, t he pumphou eon Mallhews 
campu s , and are now trying to raise money for the renovations 
neces ary in order that the building meet health and safety 
s tandards. We had hoped to have the building ready for the Fall 
Qua r ter. but the impossibility of obtaining university fund s 
over the summer, and a succession of burea ucra tic delays, 
have prevented this. Right now we are t r ying to get the 
renovations completed while also selling up a full -time center , 
probably off-campus, for the meanUme. 

Members of WLF m eet regularly to di cu s our own life 
s itua tions and discover the wa ys our common ex pe ri ences 
exemplify the patterns of conditioning and s tifling to which a ll 
women a re subject. We rea lize the need for concrete 
institutional changes- such as day care centers. equal pay. and 
accessible birth control methods -to improve the lives of 
wome n, but we a lso realize the ne d to change ou r own 
attitudes and be havior in order to ha ve the s trength to struggle 
for collective change. 

WLF will hold an orientation meeting thi s Sunday at 7 p.m . in 
the Revelle informal lounge . Thi will be in addition to the 
regular WLF meeting Sunday at 1\ a .m. in upper Blake Hall 
lounge. We hope to see many of you soon ' 

Catholic Student C enter 
Masses each Sunday at 

University Lutheran Church 
La Jolla Shores Drive & Torrey Pines Rd , North 

8: 30 a .m. - 5:00 p.m. 
Catholic Chaplins: Father Ed Donovon 

Father Bill McAmliffe 
Home 

Phones: 453-3850 Religious Affairs Office 
453-2000 X 1943 

"Chancellors Search" 
(continued from page ] . 

Committee. Both before and after the final 
report was submitted , Regents asked the 
committee to consider specific candidates . 
" The general working of our committee and the 
relations with Regents have been entirely 
satisfac tory ," he said . " We still have a 
functioning situation ." The committee will 
technically continue to exist until a new 
cha ncellor is officially accepted by the Regents . 

A story in the EVEN ING TRIBUNE Sept. 19 
by education writer Donald Coleman reported , 
however , " a battle between University of 
California Regents a nd the faculty is shaping up 
over selection of a chancellor for the San Diego 
campus. Coleman told the TRITON TIMES that 
his conclusion was based on off-the-record 
comments (made to him by two members of the 
Regents ' Search Committee ) that the Regents 
were conSidering candidates other than those 
proposed by the student-faculty committee . 

The article also quoted from a press release 
issued by ex-officio Regent, Lt. Governor Ed 
Reinecke , before the las t Regents' meeting , 
which suggested the Regents might " look far 
afield into the business world for top 
administrators to manage our academic 
institutions. " Coleman said that the clash would 
come over whether a businessman or someone 
with an academic background should be named 
chancellor . 

Regents ques tioned on the matter , however . 
indicated that they sa w no signs of a battle . 
DeWitt A. Higgs s tated flatly , " I do not think 
that such a battle is shaping up. I feel thaL the 
stude nt-faculty committee and the Regents ' 
committee and the administration are all 
moving forward in good faith to select the best 
pos ible chancellor." Higgs desires a chancellor 
" whose appointment would be generally 
approved by ma ny segments of the univer ity 
and the communi ty ." 

Regent J ohn E. Ca naday stated that the 
Regent ' .. interests are not confined just to the 
names that were submitted by the search 
committee." He explained . however , that " the 
responsibility to recommend a nomination for a 
new c hancellor rests with the president. a nd 
that's where it should be ." He noted that the 
Regents ' committee is to advise the president 
si nce the Regents must make the final 
appointment. " J feel quite sure that the Regents 
wou ld not select a candidate for hancellor 
without submitting him to the proper 

Tradition al 
Clothes - Jewelry 
Arts & Cralts 
Bl ack Books 
Alro Records 

administrative and fa culty committees.' 
Meanwhile , Acting Chancellor Herbert York 

has moved into Unive rs ity Hous , the 
chancellor'S officia l residence . While thi s might 
indica te that he expects to remain in oW e for 
some time , York comments , " Frankly. I' m 
moving in there primarily because President 
Hi tch would prefer that, even on a short term 
basis , [ use the house." He is prepared to move 
out as soon as a new chancellor is announced. 

A s ide issoe to the choosing of a new 
chancellor was the submi ssion of a slate of 
candidates by the faculty ad hoc Committee to 
Save the University as well as presenting the 
slate to the sea rc h committee, seve ral CSU 
member , including CSU chairman Jack 
Dougla s , discussed some candidate with 
several Regents in person . Douglas claimed 
that this was done at the Regents' invitation 

These talks left the professors involved open 
to criticism by some, including ex-Chancellor 
William McGill , for goi ng outside of e tablished 
channe ls . By custom, faculty members are 
upposed to approach Regent through the 

Academic Senate and the admini tration . 
Search committee chairman Arnold , however. 
saw nothing tec hnically wrong with CSU' 
actions. He did feel that CSU has had some 
effect on the chOOSing of a chancellor . 

Douglas defended his actions , saying that he 
abided by every rule and morality in his actions. 
He believed the present method of choosing a 
chancellor to b ju t a tradition and 
characterized it as a " Rube Goldberg' etup 
" We need a new and more efficient method ." he 
said . 

He felt a need for greater faculty 
participation in the process . " not ju t a mall 
committee meeting secretly." He sa w CS 's 
action as important because he believed S to 
be representative of the majority of the faculty 

On the other hand . he believed that the earch 
committee did not consider an y CSU candida tes 
because he was not consulted by them regarding 
the candidates and because " anybody supported 
by both our group nd th chancellor ear h 
committee would have uch trong support that 
he would automatically be appointed." 

Arnold said he could not comment on wh ther 
any CSU candidate were recommended bv hI ' 
committee but noted that some CSU candidates 
were previously suggested to the earth 
committee from other sourc s. Dougla said 
that all t he CS candidate were presently at 
UCSD. 

Ye ah, let's get some 
youn~ maiden 

and hit the 
BRAT KELLAR 

fALL fEST. 

the fine arts store 
formally 

(hamlins art suppl i es) 

complete line of art supplies 

posters and prints art books 

custom and stock framing 

'new ' poster cubes $1.98 

4683 CISS pac ific beach 

candles 

1 S% discount to students 
(good du ring OCTober only) 

hrs 9-5:30 m-f 9-5 sat 

411 -5350 

Do n 't ~i t around thinkin~ ahout ,t toO Ion).: . 
The Brat kcllar fall Fc~t only run frolll 

eprcm her I·, through Octoher 15th. Creat 
food , nc\erage" and atmosphere at the rnu t 

rea~o nahl e pri ' e~ in to\\ n . And for the tlLlr ,l' 
tion or the Fc~r. }ou'\l 5,1\C a lilt ll' mone} 
i\londll} Ih rough Thur,Ja~ if }()1I hring a 
datc that likes (() drink . 

bcfitakeUnc t 

Triton Time, October 2, 1970 Page 5 



Campus 
this 

Weekend 
The Coffee Hut will present 
nightly live entertainment 
over the weekend : 

Friday, Oct. 2-Barrel House 
Blues Band 

Saturday , Oct . 3-Jack 
Tempschin 

Sunday Oct. 4-Pat Moss 
All per(~rmances begin at 9 
p.m. 
Tonite " The Great Race" and 
" I Love You, Alice B. Toklas," 
starring Peter Sellers, will be 
shown in USB2722 beginning at 
7: 30. The admission (or this 
film presentation by ASUCSD 
will be 50 cents. 

The History 
of Rock 
and Roll 

, 

KBKB will re-broadcast the 
widely acclaimed , 48 hour-long 
documentary " THE HISTORY 
OF ROCK AND ROLL " 
starting at noon on Friday , 
October 2, 1970. KBKB will 
suspend its usual pro~ram",1ing 
to accomodate thIS unique 
presentation in four twelve-
hour specials, today through 
Monday, (rom 12 noon to 
midnight. 

The " HISTORY" digs back 
to the gospel roots of rock and 
roll through the blues to rythm 
and blues, a nd the grafting of 
rhythm and blues and country 
music . 

Besides just playing 
contributions by the pop and 
rock greats - from Earl Bostic, 
Chuck Berry and Ray Charles, 
to Simon and Garfunkel - the 
" HISTORY" includes a passel 
of interviews with legendary 
performers. living and dead . It 
will focus on the origins and 
development of among others, 
Elvis. Little Richard , Sam 
Cook. Woody Guthrie. Bob 
Dylan . Otis Redding, Frank 
Sinatra . 

An obseenity trial in prosress, as seen in l"I!mar Bergman's new 
film " The Ritual," soon to be playing at the La Jolla Museum or Art. 

Nett' Symphony 
Season Opens 

When conductor Zoltan Rozsynyai raises his baton to begin 
the San Diego Symphony Orchestra 's first concert of the 
winter season on Oct. 15, the Orchestra will share the stage ~t 
Civic Theatre with one of the brightest names in the musIc 
world - Janet Baker. . 

The 37-year old British-born Miss Baker, returning for her 
second appearance with the San Diego Symphony, come~ here 
fresh from The English Opera Group 's productIOn o( Benjamin 
Britten's " The Rape o( Lucretia " in Aldeburgh, Engla~d , 
where critics praised her for both purity and for the passIOn 
she brought to Britten's tragic Lucretia. . . 

Following the sensational me.zzo sop~ano MISS Bak~r In the 
symphony series will be pianist Van Cliburn, performmg Oct. 
29 and 30. In succeeding concerts other guest artIsts to be heard 
will be soprano Carol Neblett, pianists Lili Kraus , . Lonn 
Hollander and Gary Graffman, violinist Michael Rabin and 
conductors Robert Emile and Akeo Watanabe. 

university city ph_armacy 
free delivery to clmpus 
specill prescription prices for students 8. faculty 
close to campus 

453 -4455 
university city shopping center 3338 governor drive 

lunusu"l 
·ehieJrs t17 to 
get what the~ 

rellll~ need 
SONG FOR MY SISTER (40) 
BY JOHN KLEIN 

Page 6 

On Ihe baSIS 01 audience ballol Ihls wa~ I he se~ond mOSI popul al 111m I 
Ihe 51 Li!\V<ence Film I=estl al 

TFlESCENIC (4) QUICK RISE (5) 
BY DAVID BATTt:HsOr. BY NORMAN GERARD 

THE VEINS IN JANE FLOW MAINLY WITH 
COCAINE ( 16) (COLOR) 
BY BOB GIORGIO 

MOTHER OF FIVE (7) 
BY DAVID MCLAUGHLIN 

WINDOW PANES 
BY PETER CON N 

PI.BARTS 
1818 GARNET STREET 274-4000 

Triton Times October 2, 1970 

Thoreau in Theatre 
The essence of American individualist Henry Da~id Thor~au 

has been captured in the newest drama by pnze-wmn1Og 
1a rights Jerome Lawrence and Robert E .. Lee . " The Ni~ht ~h;:au Spent In Jail " highlights ilccom~lIshments dur10g 

Thoreau 's young adulthood through a senes of encounters 
which influenced his life . 

" The Night Thoreau Spent In Jail" will open Oct. 6 at the Old 
Globe Theatre as the first productIOn of the 34th season. 
Performances will be nightly except Monday through N~v . 1. A 
Sunday matinee is scheduled on Oct. 25 . Prod.ucer - ~Irector 
Craig Noel will stage the multi-scene productIOn deSIgned by 
Peggy Kellner. 

In July of 1846, Thoreau was arrested ~n ~i~ hometown o( 
Concord, Massachusetts. He spent a night 10 Ja1l (or refusal to 
pay a $2 tax as a protest against Mexican War. The Ja.11 
sequences provide a framework (or other dramatIc 
developments in the free-flowing play. . 

Students through college may purchase tickets t? " The NIght 
Thoreau Spent In at a forty per cent . dtsco~nt. The 
reserved seat price o( $1.50, with valid ID card, IS avatlable (or 
all performances except Saturday nights. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Women 's Liberation Front 
meetings are held on Sundays at 11 
a.m. in the Upper Blake Lounge. 
There will be an orientation 

I meeting for all interested women 
this Sunday at 7 I.m. in the 

folk arts 
blues, folk jizz. 

rock on record 
also : pottery. jaw.hy, 
le.tller. Informal Lounge at Revelle . hind mlde clothes 
3753 indil NON-VIOLENT ACTlON--For free draft help call 276-8866. To help 

leaflet or for more information call 
Brian 223-0872, or leave messages 
at MIC, 232-6621. 

(corner washington 
and indil) 

,--

KSDT IS NOW OPERATING AT 550 AM ON 
YOUR RADIO DIAL. TUNE IN FOR GREAT 

LISTENING AT All HOURS OF THE DAY AND 
NIGHT- ROCK, FOLK, BLUES, JAZZ 

AND CLASSICAL 

mens hairstyling 

long hair our specialty 

Ip,oilt",utl 
Ivai Ilble 

del lIIar ,'1 ZI 
310 fifteenth I trllt 

755-3000 lie I lIIar 

THEY SilO WE 
COULDN'T SHOW IT! 
Frankly, when we made "THE STEWARDESSES," 

we didn't know whether the public would be ready 
lor it. 

The heightened realism 01 our new 'ultra-graphic' 
3-D process along with a completely uninhibited 
adult script made us wonder whether il might not be 
considered too controversial for today's audiences. 

In a test engagement in San 
FranciSCO, a few found "THE STEW-
ARDESSES" 100 daring, even in 
today's 'anything goes' climate. But 
the response oft he majority 01 the adult 
communitywassooverwhelminglhat it 
broke all records in a 9-month run! 

We think the public is ready . 

..". ',,,;r " . " "=-'<O';U>! 
AOMISSIO-N R~STRICTEO TO AOULTS ONLY . A SHERPIX RELEASE ICOLOR I 

FINE AR'Z'S I-----l 
'-----I 1818 GARNET STREET 274-4000 

AOADEM'Y 
3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284-1000 

View From 
The Roc 

As the mind prepares for 
another year of academic 
activities it should be noted 
that the activities o( the body 
are also important ; again this 
year the favorite sport will be, 
yes, you guessed it, freshmen 
girls. Aside from that, the body 
will be well treated ; The UCSD 
sports department will have 
something (or everyone, from 
the gung-ho jock, to the 103-
pound lineman. 

UCSD will offer a wide 
variety of entertainment. Aside 
from Tijuana it will offer 
intercollegiate basketball , 
volleyball , soccer, and 
everything between fenCing 
and wrestling. 

Volleyball . coached by Chuck 
Millenbah, brought the first 
laurels to a blossoming 
inter co llegia te career at 
UCSD. His outstanding team 
led by Kerry Klausterman 
NAIA . All American had a total 
of 45 wins en route to the NAJA 
championship. This year, 
riding high on the shoulders of 
Tim Rose, the team should be 
one to contend with. 

Wrestling , another 
Millenbah -coached team , 
compiled an excellent 12 and 2 
record , send ing several 
grapplers to the finals. 

Barry Cunningham, in his 
second year as basketball 
coach sported a very decent 13 
and 14 record against some 
very rough competition, and 
this year, with some key 
returning lettermen, he should 
be in the running again. 

The sentiment of coaches 
Frank Vitale , baseball , Andy 
Skeif cross country, Ted 
Yamaguchi , tennis, and others 
may be summed up in the 
words of fencing coach Jim 
White , " this year we may just 
go all the way." 

comparably generates as much 
enthusiasm here as does a 
game at that powerhose of rah 
rah San Diego State, big names 
in this sport are, the champion 
Purple Gophers, B.O.l . Dildos, 
the Panthers and the Del Mar 
Degenerates. These teams will 
be competing against each 
other in one of four categories, 
Open " A", OpE'n " B", Muir and 
Revelle . Traditionally at the 
end of the year the winners of 
the Muir and Revelle leagues 
square-of( for the Chancellor 's 
trophy, this always proves to 
be one of the high points of the 
intramural season. Last year 
the Purple Gophers, led by Izy 
Chavez, displaying a precise 
and well-drilled football squad, 
cornered the elusive 
championship. 

Fresh (rom a triumphant 
tour of Western Siberian 
asylums and the Super Bowl , 
the TRITON TIMES will 
(eature the Media Magots, who 
will make their debut on the 
football field with a daring 
display of speed and agility 
never before witnessed in the 
annals of badminton. 

Lvoking ahead at the 
intramural schedule, we find 
basketball and softball in the 
spotlight with other sports like 
ping pong and swimming also 
in the (uture. 

All in all the sports schedule 
will encompass many things 
from the highly competitive 
intercollegiate sports to the 
more easy-going intramurals. 
A word to the wise from the 
sports department would be to 
get involved, and do it fast. 

\J 

In accordance with the 
nature of UCSD , intramural 
sports have been met with 
great aclaim, Lee Johnson 
intramural director has 
channeled this response into a 
smooth-r unning form of 
constant recreation. Keeping in 
mind that every person has 
that spark or even hope of 
being a good athlete, Lee offers r 
sports at a level attainable by 
all. 

Intramural starts off the 
season with flag football, which 

Tim Rose will again terrorise 
opponents with shots like this. 

ON STA.GEI OPENS OCT 8 

7~ ' ~bef1ad 
by Jerome Lawrence and 
Robert E. Lee . 
A stimuloting provocative new 
drama about the great American 
individualist Henry David 
Thore 

SbIIIItIb $1 ,50 
. uc_sa. 

u so & S) 00 (l", •• , W.d . ftlUf ., Su ... , 114,., 
U 00 .. n so (fr I .• $ot , lv ••. ) 
Sl oo .. S 1.50 (Sutl_ Ma" I 
I ' ,so $,,,,, th,,,, colt ' f n, .. ted AU, e le:: Sot . f"'e. 

phone 239.2255 ~~,:~ 
or Central Box Office, 
Lobby. Urey Hall, UCSO 

olb globt tbtatrt 
balboa par.k Oft ,lag. 

The Ores IV football team scrimmages in 
preparation for the intramural season. 

Soccer Kicks Off 
For the first time since its formation. the UCSD varsity 

soccer team can boastfully claim it has an experienced squad . 
A crop of freshmen led by defender Hugo Flores, halfback 
Francisco Luna and forwards Andrew Rubin and Carlos Robles 
will give the varsity kickers experienced performers at key 
positions. Junior transfer student Oscar Vocal will provide a 
strong one-two scoring punch combining with returning 
letterman Fred Grunewald at the inside forward positions. 

Among the ten returning lettermen from last year 's squad, 
goal-keeper Ned Newman, fullback Doug Smith and forward 
David Riss will be expected to play key roles in the Tritons' 
games. 

The most exciting aspect of the squad is the addition of a 
coach who will direct the booters in search of a winning season. 
Dr. Tomas Romero, from the UCSD Medical School, is guiding 
his mentors at daily drills from 3:30-5:30. Coach Romero is 
elated by the tremendous turnout for this year 's team . Thirty-
two players are signed up for soccer, Grearly the most 
successful turnout for any UCSD varsity soccer team . 

The (irst game of the season will be played Saturday, Oct. 3, 
at 11 :00 a .m. against Northern California powerhouse, 
Westmont College. The game will be played on the soccer field 
east of Matthews campus. On the (ollowing Wednesday, Oct. 7, 
the Tritons will meet the local soccer stronghold , San Diego 
State, in a night game in the Aztec Bowl. That game will start 
at 7:30 p.m. 

All UCSD students are invited to the games, which promise 
to be exciting contests. Remember, first game Saturday, Oct. 
3, at 11 :00 a .m. on the Matthews soccer field . 

Applications for the position of 
Station Manager for radio station 
KSOT are now being accepted . 
Applications should be made to the 
Communications Board. Bid. 250 
MC. or come directly to the first 
Communications Board meeting on 
Mon., Oct. 5. 4 p.m .. upstairs in 711 
MC. 

Runners 
Impressive 
The UCSD Cross Country 

Team will test the USIU Team 
Saturday at 10 :15 a .m. in 
Balboa Park . 

This will be the second meet 
for UCSD after scoring an 
impressive 21 to 34 victory over 
a surpri sed Chapman College 
last Saturday. 

Sophomore Ed A vol and 
freshman Bob DeLeonardi s 
placed second and third . with a 
time of 28.08, followed by 
Randy Twombly and Jerry 
King in 4th and 5th. Clark 
Rosen placed 7th to clinch the 
win. 

oach Andy Skief and 
assistant Tom Bache feel that 
this could be one of UCSD 's 
strongest cross country teams 
in six year s 

The present team members 
include fr esh man Bo b 
DeLeonardi s; sophomores 
Fred Sorenson. Ed Avol . Mark 
Koide , Randy Twombly and 
Kirk Newell ; junior Jerry King 
and senior Clark Rosen. The 
coaches and the team members 
are hoping more freshmen will 
join the team this fall. 

Workouts are held daily at 4 
p.m. on the cross country 
course or in the back country. 
All men interested in joining 
this unique group of runners 
may contact coach Andy Skief 
at the gymnasium office . 

SWP Speaks 
Andrew Pulley, founder of 

the Fort Jackson G.L 's United 
Against the War , and currently 
Socialist Workers Part y 
candidate for Congress (rom 
Berkeley spoke last night about 
the anti-war movement on the 
international level. 

Pulley. in a recent interview. 
felt his reception in several 
foreign countries to be good. 
" These people are very 
interested in anti-war and 
Black liberation movements," 
Pulley said. A Black militant 
himself, he felt that his job was 
" to keep the anti-war 
movement going during an 
election year when suppo edly 
dove candidates are running 
and slowing the movement 
down. , 

He visited India . Ceylon. 
Japan , Au tral ia . New 
Zealand . Philippines on a shoe-
tring budget. The SWP gives 

him $50 air fare but lillie el e . 
" I was raised in a Mi sissippi 
ghetto so I can get along on 
very little ," he stated . 

The Socialist Workers Party. 
he said. was not trying to get 
its ca ndidates elected , but 
rather keep the various anti-
war movements going and 
educating people on their 
potential as a broadly based 
mass movement. 

Stop Inflation And Help Your Brothers 

Davis Camera Sho 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Pay 459-7355 

~ 
All Types V.W. 

Service. 
Rebu ill Engines 

'225 up 
Rebuill Transules 

'125 up 

Putl Ilull 
' hop 

for hery 
Doy People 

Every Part 
For Your 

Bug 
NEW and 

USED 

Bird Rock Putt Putt Shop 
South 631 Y2 La Jolla Blvd. ' 

454-0761 

Triton Times October 2, 1970 Page 7 



Coffee Hut- The Barrel House 
Blues Band. 9p.m . 

Friday ight at the Flicks-"I 
Love You. Alice B. Toklas ," " The 
Great Race" and Roadrunner 
cartoon 

SATURDA Y - Oc tober 3 

Coffee Hut- folk Singer Jack 
Tempchin, 9 p.m. 

Special- Lillle Haim's, a new 
I rae li cafe will open at 8:30 p.m. 
in the Revelle Informal Lounge. 
Pizza a nd drinks will be served to 
music in a candlelit Jewish e nvi-
ronment. A donation of 75 cenls 
will be asked. 

MU Sic- Big Sur Folk Fe tival, 
Monte rey Fair Grounds 

Sports- Soccermalch-UCSD vs. 
Westmont College here at 11 a.m. 
Football- San Diego Slate College 
vs. Brigham Young at San Diego 
Stad ium, 8 p.m . 

Rally- "Stop the Pig Day" at 
Horton Plaza , downtown San Diego 
at 12 noon. 

SUNDAY- October 4 

Coffee Hut- f.olk singer Pat 
Moss. 9p.m. 

Music- Frank Zappa and the 
Mothers of Invention in concert at 
San Diego State College's Peterson 
Gym al8 p.m. $3 with AS card . 

Art Exhibit- in the gallery at San 
Diego State. 

Women'S Lib- meeting at 11 
a .m . in the Uppe r Blake Lounge. 

HONDA CARS 
$139500 

Sports- All those in terested in 
the gymnastic team should report 
to the gym balcony at 3 p.m . 

R ec r ea ti o n Club s - Men ' s 
Conditioning a t the Swimming Pool 
Pa tio 12- \ p.m. Synchronized 
Swimming- Mondays 6: 30 p.m. 

Classifieds 
New Art Gallery- pottery, 
sculpture, art and ceramic supplies 
at discount. Artist in action on 
Sunday. The Art Center- 1l59 
Camino Del Mar- Del Mar. 
Complete wedding coverage. 20 
color 8xlO's in album. $75. If 
interested call 284-6087. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 

327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue. - Fri. 
9: 30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233 - 8328 

BAJA 
new 55' motor schooner 

lelVing jln 1 frOIn sin 
diego for I 10 week 
cruise and expedition 

to the sel of cortez 

Pacific Honda-1269 Garnet 1 guest/crew $975 
cOlnplete 291-1232 
.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~--------------~ 

KBKB STEREO 101.5 PRESENTS 
THE FUll 48 HOURS OF THE 
HIGHLY ACCLAIMED HISTORY 
OF ROCK AND ROLLIN FOUR 
EXCITING TWELVE HOUR 
SPECIALS. . .YOU WON'T 
MISS A MINUTE! FROM 
FRIDAY THROUGH THURSDAY 
YOU ' LL HEAR IT ALL FROM 
THE ROOTS OF ROCK TO A 
FORECAST OF THE FUTURE 
AS KBKB MAKES HISTORY 
REPEAT ITSELF. 

on to midnight 

Ocl. 2, 3, 4 and 5 
BROUGHT TO YOU IN PART BY 
THE SOUND COMPANY 

THE BILL WADE SCHOOL OF RADIO AND TV 
• 
Page 8 Triton Times October 2, 1970 

Grads. or seniors, full or part time 
employment with securities firm . 
Contact Mr. Dillon or Mr. Fenton 
for appt. 232-7682 

BIRTH CONTROL. It 's time for a 
new approach ! Now, you can get 
nonprescription contraceptives and 
books on birth control by mail. 
Details free . POPSERVE, Box 
12t5-HA29, Chapel Hill , N.C. 27514. 
Service on scbedule. Distinctive 
typing by Helen & Julie . 
Satisfaction is our product . IBM 
EXECUTIVE. 7466 Girard. Suite 15 
459-8888 

Furnish your Apt.! Sofa, chair $40; 
Dinette set $ZO; stuffed armchair 
$20; small misc. household items. 
Ca ll Gene H. EXT. 2060 days, 755-
1969 nites. 

Do you have a used Harbrace 
Handbook? You can sell it tbrougb 
Suzie Jacobs Rm. 1872, Bid ZA 
Prime ext. IIN4 
Share a furnished bouse in Bay 
Park close to Mission Bay. Private 
room, fireplace. Call after six 276-
2320 
Typing . . . Experienced 
typist ... term papers, the sis. 
Electric typewriter. Will do rush 
jobs. 453-6835 
Typing : Reasonable rates for 
s tudent s and t e a c her s . 
Thesis .. . ETC. Vencie 272-1013 

TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN: 
Why can ' t I get a key to one of tbe 
Music practice Room s in the Muir 
Dorms? Does someone in the 
Music Dept. hate Piano players? 
Someone please help me. T.C.M. G-
45 Box 6208 

S.~f()RS l\tLRI:STtO I~; 1\Il"qS~l()~. rn ClUOlATI '.1) 1'1011)11 I.,,!"I"\.\I. C( j'(\f'l c;; I"~ 
1971 5110LIU ·;IlH.1111 1'01.1.0';1';(; TFS1 I)"II~. 

l1.S I 

11)'11 ss In~ 11 S I FOR 
C:IV\ULAfL SH:UY 1~: 
ijL s 1·;1.5S 

Of ';T,\I AD~1 5S lll\ 
loS 11 :.(. I'R()GRA.~ 

(.RADI'Al ~ Rf.f<l!UJ 
, XA.~I\ATlO:'$ 
PROCRA.'1 

LAW SCIIOOL 
AD~ISSI0~ IISI 

~1 LU.K A.~AOLI)(;Y 

AI'I'LlLATlm 
01.,101 I~! 

-

TIS I IISll. Illf~\J 111~. 
I1('T lb . lQ7~ ·Ar .• \o\' 7, 1970 ~A\ fill Ul <iT\ll 
IA.\ t:., 1971 SAl . I 1111 1"71 S,\~ nl~ .. q.'I1 

MAR 12. 1971 S.ll . • ,WR l . lQ71 A~; OI'CO !P,\TI 
.Jl:~ 4, 1971 <,\T. • Il:. 26 , 1971 s,\\ lllr~J SUll 
WI )0. 1971 ~,Il .• AI!. I. , 1971 S ,\ 1111(;1 STili 
01.( 11 , lQ70 1\" g ilK 9. I Q71 ("II! n~ nIl r 
\PR 5. 1971 \I'}( 2) Ilk :'l., 1')71 ( JUT! /1UI' 
su· '27, 1971 SAT • • i)ll Ib, 1971 Sl~. 1111 m SIATI 

orr CI , IQ70 *S~\r .• 0(1 .'~ . lq70 C.\",. 011 r,{1 "1 nr 
';01 2 1'170 s.\[ . • IIIe 12. 1970 '"R .\1.1 nlTl S Ill:C 29. 1970 *S.\1 .• IA\ 16. 1971 *1 {"'il ,!"if' 
11K 9. 1971 S'\T •• nil 21. 1971 
APR b , 1971 *S.\l " APR 14 . 1971 

Il'~ 1. 1971 0;,\1 .• II" 1~ • 1971 

\OV 27, 1911l SAT. t IIII' 16. 1'170 rqr 
J~; 22 . 1971 .• IT . • P-.H IJ. 1971 lSll 

:-L\P 26, 1971 SA AI'R 17. 1971 l'SU 
11'1 ~, lq 71 SAl . • III II. 1971 IS 11 

HrJJI ~TS ~IL'!"T III Arl'f11:~p{, '.1 I':~ I " c,; \', I'll roO c,;r 11 
RI ( ISHR , 

I DAYS 1" ,\U\'AXC' 

KBKB 
STEREO 101.5 

• 

• 


