
Hitch' s Tuition Plan Not Likely to Satisfy Regents 
II, R •• ., S II 0. 1. Y & 8 ill A 1 ... 1. of scientists at the nine campuses, was presented to President Hitch reported yesterday that faculty/work 

President Hitch's tuition proposal, ' under consider-
ation by the UC Board of Regents today, will probably 
not be approved, a rellable source told the Triton 
Times yesterday. 

the highly receptive Board of Regents yesterday. Regent load averaged 60 hours per week, with apprOximately 
Higg described the proposal as the "most important I two-thirds spent on instructional matters. pro~sal that has come to the Board since I became a AS President Jeff Benjamin yesterday presented a 
member Indeed it is a matter of survival." comprehensive report of the effect of tuition on UCSD 

The ;eport ;n UC newspapers, instigated by Regen- students to the Regents' Finance Committee. The tuition proposal, designated an "educational facil-
ities fee," would increase fees for all students by $180, 
with the revenue to be evenly divided between the Univer-
sity's dwindling financial aid funds and its empty capital 
construction coffers. 

tal concern with obscenity and political slanting brought Working from a survey of the campus co~duc.ted last 
statements of disapproval from the report's sponsor, quarter, Benjamin found that even a $100 raise m costs 
Regent Canaday woo said that "it deals in general- would cause 23 per cent of those responding to leave 
izations and ~sn't go to the heart of the question the university. 

Hitch's proposal was not brought up at yesterday's 
FinancJaI Committee meeting because the hour was 
late, and Regents wished to defer discussion intil Gov-
ernor Reagan arrives today. A high administration 
source told the Triton Times that Hitch had mustered 
only seven votes, too little for awroval, and that Gov-
ernor Reagan's disawroval, strongly expressed when 
Hitch's plan was announced, would block the measure. 
The source added that the Regents will table tuition 
until next month, asking for a deferred fee plan. The 
source doubted that Reagan had some specific measure 
in mind, and expressed concern that Re~gan hoped to 
use the Regents' forced inaction for political gain. 

I raised ... " Regent Hearst also expressed her concern, Already 29 per cent of the students recei~e some adding that the Regents were ultimately liable for the kind of financial aid. The Financial Aids Office feels 
newspapers' content, which was confirmed by the Regents ' that even more students are .eligible for assistance. 
Legal CounseL The report which concerns itself with (Students of parents who have lDcomes of under $13,000 
the qualities of professio~lism and objectivity rather are eligible, according to Benjamin's report.) 
than editorial content or obscenity, wUl be implemented 
by President Hitch and the individual newspaper editors. continued on ,I" 10 

Regent Dutton presented a motion, also to be discussed 
today, that would exempt resident students whose families 
meet certain financial limitations and some self-sup-
porting students from any increase in fees above the 
present level. Only a notarized declaration would be 
required for the exemption. 

A "crisis" proposal of an $18.000.000 program to 
restore clean air to CalltornJa, mobU1zing the efforts 

Reports That 
for Columbia 

McGill IS Leaving 
La be led Prem atu re 

by DIVe Steernl Stiff Writer 
Chancellor William J. McGill of UCSD is being 

considered for the presidency of Columbia 
University. Though no formal announcement has 
been made by McGill concerning this possibility, 
the TRITON TIMES approached the chancellor 
earlier in the week with questions about the offer. 

Chancellor McGill has ties with Columbia. Before 
coming to UCSD, he was chairman of that school's 
Psychology Department. Asked why he left, McGill 
said he felt unhappy with the departmentj the focus 
on the discipline "was too narrowly focused." 
McGill said he saw no chance for growth in the 
department, particularly in the information 
sciences. 

Dr. Mandler asked McGill to come to UCSD. The 
Chancellor saw the challenge at the new campus, 
and accepted. At the time of former Chancellor 
John Galbraith's resignation, McGill was appointed 
head of the search committee to find a successor. 
This proved a difficult task, and the year ended with 
McGill himself being asked to fill the position. 

Chancellor McGill stressed that, although he 
accepted, he had not sought the job. He had vowed 
on leaving Columbia that he would never again take 
an administrative position. He accepted the 
chancellor's spot 'with the understanding that it 
would be for one year only. 

He was asked about the recent news from 
Colwnbia, and replied that he did not really know 
the circumstances involved. He had been contacted, 
he said, but did not know whether he was one of 
many, or whether this was just a consideration. He 
has not been in contact with the school to any great 
extent. 

When questioned about his decision, McGill could 
not reply directiy : "I can't really say what I will do. 

McGill was requested to expand on this. He 
replied that he was aware of the problems at UCSD, 
and not of those at Colwnbia. He claims deep 
feelings for the campus, and feels, on the basis of his 
experience, that there are distinct differences 
between public and private institutions. 

When asked to comment on the disturbances at 
Colwnbia last spring, McGill replied that he felt the 
school to be : "singularly insensitive to its locale. Its 
land deals had a strong effect on the surrounding 
community." He cited the fact that the Schopl of 
Social Work at Columbia was not even located in the 
same area as the main campus, and was totally 
unrelated to ghetto problems. 

McGill declared he would not be frightened by the 
tasks at Colwnbiaj in fact, he found himself 
exhilirated by a combat situation. The main tasks, 
however, would be to become increasingly sensitive 
to problems, and to alleviate potential crisis 
situations. 

Will McGill leave? He says he does not know yet. 
His wife and children love La Jolla. McGill himself 
claimed deep roots that might prove impossible to 
tear up . He cited a commitment and loyalty to 
President Hitch of the university and to UCSD. The 
faculty are a big plus in favor of his staying. He 
seemed to be sincerely desirous of preventing the 
lack of continuity that has been somewhat 
characteristic of UCSD in its short history. "I have 
an unexpressable committment to the universitY j I 
will not quit or run away from this commitment." 
The question remains: can he be enticed away? 
The position at Columbia offers more prestige and 
probably more money than the ChanceUor's job. It 
remains to be seen whether this is enough to draw 
McGill away from his unexpressable committment 
and his roots in San Diego. 

olum 

State of Campus Message 

9, 
umber 2 

McGill Sees financial 
Crisis in Store for UC 
by Rloul Contreras Suff Writer 

ChanceUor William J . McGill, it a Triton Times-KSDT sponsored 
press cO!lference Wednesday, warned of a halt in UC capital con-
struction for 1970-71 and the imposition of tuition. Attended by more 
than 100 students, the meeting allowed the chancellor to be questioned 
about campus- and university-wide issues. 

In his summary McGill stressed the cause of the financial problems 
which the University has encountered. " We have deteriorated in our 
relations with the state administration and the people on wh(lm we 
depend fmancially. We are in for serious problems in the next five 
years." He pointed to the failure of Proposition 3 in last November 's 
ballot to show the discord between the University and those who 
support it. Inflation and statuatory limitations, McGill declared, have 
brought a hal t to the selling of bonds on which the building program is 
dependent. He mentioned that as of now there is no construction 
slated for 1970-1971 and that faculty increases have been stopped. 
Because the campuses at Berkeley and UlS Angeles are over 
populated, students are essentially being channeled into a six<ampus 
system. 

He pointed out that the financing of higher education under 
traditional means is a national problem and called the struggle to 
manage under the circwnstances the "challenge of the '70's." 
Changing these traditional terms involves attacking vested interests, 
so McGill sees part of the challenge as setting up machinery through 
which change can be sought without " bloody fighting ." 

On the other hand, McGill pointed to the nearly<omplete state of 
Muir College. McGill declared that Muir College demonstrated the 
possibilities of effective planning. Regarding third college, which 
opens in September 1970, he looked favorably upon the academic plan 
and its innovative admission requirements. "I'm pleased to have seen 
Third College develop in an idealistic manner." In conclusion he said 
"The state of the campus is presently sound but the future is doubtful 
financially. " 

McGill then proceded to answer questions about drugs on campusj 
the role of the policej Angela Davisj Third Collegej Tuition j reports 
that he would soon leavej the community image of the universitY j and 
the development of the medical school. 

On drugs McGill could only say he recognized the dangerous im-
portance of the problem but didn't know how great it was at UCSD. He 
called the role of police on campus a " delicate area" and maintained 
that there were no official agreements between the university and the 
police. He said that the police had displayed a desire not to involve 
themselves in the university "as long as we show ability to handle our 
own affairs." He stressed the idea of trust and pointed to the un-
derstanding that if drugs on campus are reporte~ to them, they give 
the administration an opportunity to talk to those mvolved. 

McGill confirmed the report that he is being considered for the 
position of president of Columbia University. Although st~ un-
decided, he conveyed the desire to stay at UCSD. On Angela DaVIS the 
chancellor felt "The polarization in our society provides no way to 
avoid the situation ... It will happen again and again .. .! have no idea on 
what the outcome of the case will be. It will be more than an argument 
of lawyers . A broader hearing of the case wi~l develop." . . 

In answer to a question on the status of Third College was m relatIOn 
to the lack of building bonds and funds , he said there was at pre ent ~o 
money to build the permanent buildings. But, he declared, "There Will 
be enough to start Third College in temporary building ." ~e ~lso 
confirmed the possibility of a regental refusal of the admissIOn 
section of the academic plan. 

Regarding proposed tuition increases, McGill pointed to the virtual 
necessity of solving problems of capital development. Becluse the 
people of the state have failed, the state is without re ources At the 
next Regents' meeting it will be pro~sed that. ~tudents be a k~d to pay 
for new buildings through an educatl nal facilities fee. McGill called 
it " ... extremely unfortunate .. . Either we take this step or .c ... uu :.v Cl 
halt." The chancellor brought up other possibilities, su~ as the 
governor's deferred tuition plan in which ~e cost of educat1~n would 
be met by individual students after graduation. Other plan discussed 
were supplementary federal income and state tax payments. 

Chancellor McGill 's first student press conference ended on the 
topic of proposed medical school development. He said plans c~ed 
for a clinical sciences building in two years, a campus teaching 
hospital in 1976, and ultimately a university hospital. 



"iiiGl;is~gaREPORT VIEWS 
STUDENT JOURNALISM ' 

by Steve Llndlu Editor-in-Chief 
A Regents' Commission, which has been studying 

the campus press at the University of California and 
across the nation for the last eight months, 
recommended yesterday that student newspapers 
establish a great deal more autonomy from the 
university administration than currently exists. 

Their report followed from a resolution in-
troduced by Regent John Canaday at the May, 1969 
meeting, which called for President Hitch to ap-
point a group to investigate the UC newspapers. It 
cited fiscal independence as a desirable goal , and 
recommended that the administration find other 
methods to disseminate information they consider 
important. 

'In general and with occasional exceptions, the 
most effective , constructive and responsible 
student newspapers across the county have been 
those with a strong tradition of independence and 
editorial freedom, ' the report stated. 

The commission consisted of four noted 
professio nal journalists : Norman Isaacs, 
President of the American Society of Newspaper 
Editors; William B. ArthpI' , editor of Look 
magazine; Edward W. Barrett, former dean of the 
Columbia Graduate School of Journalism ; and 
Thomas Winship , editor of the Boston Globe . 

Three UC newspapers have indicated that they 
are close to being fiscally self-supporting-the 
UCLA Daily Bruin , the Daily Californian 
(Berkeley), and , somewhat less so, the EI Gaucho 
(Santa Barbara ). For these papers the commission 
recommended that feasibility studies be un-
dertaken immediately. 

For the others, the commission called for 
financing W11h student fees by contract agreement 
with the ASUC. Basic authority would be vested in a 
Board of Publication, a student representative 
group which would fulfill the role of publisher . This 
is in fact the case at UCSD, although the relation-

Grape Strike 

ship with the AS has not been formalized to the point 
of a contract agreement. 

Dissatisfaction with the student press had arisen 
largely from the fact that many university ad-
ministrators felt accountable to the pubUc for 
'controversial' articles in student newspapers on 
their campuses. The commission addressed itself 
to this by tenning 'erroneous' the premise that 
these publications constitute any fonn of Official 
publication for which the university bears 
responsiblity . 

In the one recommendation that could be con-
strued as calling for increased administrative in-
volvement in UC papers, the commission called for 
more professional help to be given to the newspaper 
staffs. This would counteract what they considered 
to be the worst shortcomings of the papers, namely, 
'ineptitude and inexperience'. 

This section of the report also detailed several of 
what were considered to be the basic principles 
upon which a campus newspaper should operate. 
These principles emphasized balanced reporting 
and presentation of differing viewpoints . 

An investigation of the campus press 's use of 
'obscenity' had been specifically called for in the 
charge to the commission, but their report played 
down the importance of this issue . The lack of adult 
tolerance , it claimed, constituted a 'double stan-
dard which today's university student has every 
right to regard as proof of the mature generation 's 
hypocrisy. ' 

The report itself, some 150 pages long, consisted 
of several essays in addition to the actual recom-
mendations of the conunission. Most of these 
essays were written by professors at various in-
stitutions at the request of the commission. Two 
articles from UC papers were reprinted, 
presumably as examples of journalistic excellence. 

Committee Tries to Combat Apathy 
by Raoul Contreras 

Staff Wr iter 
A campus Huelga t strike ) 

Committee, sponsored by UC-
SD's MECHA organization, is 
now rallying support for the 
Delano grape strike . The Huelga 
Committee, which is coordinated 
by Juan Lopez, has about 30 
members and its stated purpose 
is to obtain funds and rekindle the 
fire of student support and en-
thusiasm for the strike. 

The Delano grape strike began 
in 1965 under the leadership of 
Cesar Chavez. At that time he 
organized grape pickers as the 
United Farm Workers 
Organizing Committee (UF-
WOC ), AFlrCIO. The fir st 
UFWOC goal was union 
recognition for farm workers 
employed by California wine 
grape growers. The growers' 
initial response was to refuse to 
hold elections despite the fact 
that the union represented a clear 
majority of the workers ( the 
union could not take advantage of 
the election procedures of the 
National Labor Relations Act 
because farm workers are 
specifically excluded from the 
act ). The UFWOC answer was a 

national consumer boycott of 
struck wines, which resulted in 
contracts throughout the wine 
industry. 

In August 1967 the union moved 
on its next objective, the table 
grape growers. Because of 
previous successes the vast 
majority of workers went on 
strike. The growers, with the 
compliance of the California 
Department of Labor, were able 
to counteract this by the im-
portation of "green-card" 
strikepreakers, mostly from 
Mexico . In October 1967 the 
UFWOC began its national 
boycott of California table 
grapes. At that time the strike 
and boycott recieved the support 
of labor from aU professions and 
representatives of both major 
political parties, including 
presidential aspirants Hubert H. 
Humphrey and Robert F. Ken-
nedy. 

Since then the strike and 
boycott have degenerated into a 
deadlock , with the growers 
refusing to bargain collectively 
with farm workers. The growers 
have also refused efforts by the 
State Conciliation Committee and 

the mayor of San Francisco to 
mediate the strike. 

Lopez feels it is the length of 
the strike and the great amount 
of 'official literature ' (grower s 
propaganda) which have led to 
the idea that the strike and 
boycott have failed, and the 
growing apathy of former sup-
porters. In fact,as a result of the 
boycott, grape shipments now 
run 30 per cent behind last year, 
according to the Marketing 
Service of the U.S. Department of 
Agriculture . And, the boycott has 
now become international in 
scope (Sweden now boycotts 
California table grapes) . Ac-
cording to Cesar Chavez it was 
only this year 's large purchase of 
table grapes by the Defense 
Department (over 300 per cent 
above last year 's pur chase) 
which maintained the growers' 
resistance. 

Juan Lopez invites all students 
to stop by the Huelga Committee 
table in the Revelle plaza today 
between 11 a .m . and 1 p.m. 
Available will be information and 
literature on the farm workers ' 
plight and how you can help them 
in their struggle. 

DISCOUNTS FOR UCSD STUDENTS! 
--10% off on parts INSTALLED--

JOHN'S fOREIGN CAR SERVICE 
727 Pearl St. 

La Jolla, Calif. 92037 
459- 4003 

Reoa ~r anrl se rvice of the mos! ~xpenslv':!. 
high performanl!e foreign auto 'Jr the little 

Volkswat)()~ .• 

Also f':!lI.tllring a race department 
for the rlllyist or .. really Racer." 

WE HAVE A COMPLETE MACHINE SHOP OPERATED BY TWO VEEY CAPABLE 
ME · .... 0 E HAVL'IG 50 YEARS EXPERIEKCE A~D THE OTHER JS A MECHA~ICAL 
E GINEER. 

PI,e 2 Triton Times Jlnuary 16, 1970 

CI.av,r CI.av,r to R,turn 
The Black Panther Party announced last week that Eldridge 

Cleaver and his family will be retu.rning "soon " to the United 
States. A spokesman said Cleaver. who /led the United States 
some 14 months ago. would /ly to the United States from 
Algeria. She would not say where he would arrive. She an-
nounced. however. that Kathleen Cleaver, the leader's wife. 
and their son Naceo would arrive in Washington, D.C. " within 
the next few days." 
Marijuana Laws Hit 

Geoffrey Smith, a law student at Stanford. contended in a 
study that present laws prohibiting marijuana possession may 
turn generally law-abiding youths into serious criminals. He 
found that marijuana cases composed nearly one-fourth of 
felony complaints filed. He estimated that the statewide cost 
of enforci ng present pot laws was $75 million in 1968. 
" Society, " he held. "is now paying significant costs well 
beyond the dollar costs of enforcement," both in lowering the 
perceived integrity of the police and in alienating young 
people . 
Vi,tnam N.w, R.port' 

American servicemen in Viet Nam get much of their news 
through American Forces Viet Nam (A FVN) television 
broadcasts, run by fel/ow servicemen. Last week it was an-
nounced by Army Sp./ 5 Robert Lawrence, one of the AFVN 
news broadcasters. that he and other enlisted men who work 
for AFVN were "not free to tell the truth. " He told his 
audience : " We have been suppressed and I'm probably in 
trouble for telling you tonight the truth. II It is now being 
revealed that many commentators have been transfered to 
innocuous positions recently for statements made on the a ir. 
Since his statement. Lawrence has been relieved of his 
position pending an " investigation. " AFVN also suspended 
Cpl. Thomas Sinkovitz . who followed Lawrence with the 
remark : " Thank you, Bob, in more ways than one." 
Ov.rpopulated Am,rica 

The Jan . 10 issue of THE NEW REPUBLIC has several 
interesting articles. Wayne H. Davis, an instructor at the 
University of Ketucky, states that the United States is the most 
overpopulated c9untry in the world and is likely to be the 
hardest-hit by famirie . He defines an overpopulated nation as 
one " whose people. by virtue of their numbers and activities, 
are most rapidly decreasing the ability of the land to support 
human life. II He declares that banning-DDT-Type legislation 
is not the answer ( "the equivalent of the physician's treating 
syphilis by putting a band-aid over the first chancre to ap-
pear") and advocates reversing population growth and paring 
down " Indian equivalents. II An explanation is given in the 
article. 
Black Panther Murdsrs 

Also in the Jan . 10 NEW REPUBLIC is a presentation of 
many of the facts concerning recent Chicago Black Panther 
killings. and an explanation of the social forces behind the 
apparent move on the part of many police forces to " get" the 
Panthers. The conclusions drawn by Chr istopher Chandler, 
editor of the CHICAGO JOURNALISM REVIEW, are 
disturbing. Last Jul y. J . Edgar Hoover gave the Panthers the 
distinction of being " the greatest threat to the internal 
security of the country" among Black militant groups. At-
torn ey General John Mitchell has authorized the FBI to tap 
Panther phones and bug Panther offices. Much evidence in 
support of a conspiracy against the Panthers is given in the 
artic le. 

a4-nnouncement 
WESTERN STATE UNIVERSITY 

COLLEGE OF LAW 
announces the start of classes 

at its new campul in 

SAN DIEGO 
now accepting men and women 
who have a minimum of either: 

• 2 ,tin ., .cc.,t.~11 nll .. _ 
crditl (6'), .r .,. 

• ...r 23 .ft4 ...... ".lft.4 1ft Ift"n,ct •• , 
.~III', 'h, , •• 1 .. "., ., .... .. 
(" ... 4" .. ",1 •• 4 ~, , .... . 

Th. Ll.B. deor •• con b •• orn.d in. veart of port time clou •• . 
J cloue. p.r w •• Ie, 3 hour. F».r cloll . 

ENROLL NOW fOR 
FEIRUARY 2nd CLASSES 
(Bo'" Oa ... ,,,lInnin, Clau.s' 

..,., ... ,..., ... Io,f • ..-I ............ .. 

Front and "(" Streets 
(opposite the law librar,) 

San Diego 
232-6506 

Th. d.gr •• of U . • . Or J.D . • 111 be conf.rred upon ,fOci". 
otJon from the 04 -ye"r pfo,ram of the CaUeo •• f l .... 
• "fCl.in. 0, tI n"n-profit .clue.tlonal hurltu,' .". unci.,. 
Chorter of the St.,. of Califo,,, I • . G roduate. a""':;";.::'I;:'Io':;:" __ -t-
to tolt. the Califa",io 5'0'. I., lu .. " lftatio". _ 

Opens Sunday 
Muir Snack Bar Sparks COrJtroversy 

lIy J.y Shu .... Stiff Writlf and Service Enterprises, first explained that the 
snack bar utilizes the same kitchen facilities as does 
the dining hall. It would be an impossible situation, 
he explained, to have two concerns sharing the 
same kitchen. In the snack bar alone there are very 
limited facilities for storing and preparing food. 

" The dining hall at the Mwr Commons served its 
first meal last Sunday, Jan. 11. The Hi-Continental 
Corporation, which operates aU the food services 
for the residence halls, plans to open the snack bar, 
located downstairs from the dining hall , this coming 
Sunday. In this snack bar will be a grocery section 
also. 

While the opening of the snack bar is being 
welcomed by the Muir residence students, it has 
caused some dismay with the AS Senate. Many 
students in the senate and on campus in general feel 
that the Hi-Continental Corporation is not meeting 
the students' best needs. 

Mr . Borsari felt that Hi-Continental is running the 
food service at a reasonable profit considering the 
problems which arise in food service. Hi-
Continental, after paying for administrative 
overhead, profits by about two per cent. 

John Lapatina and the other Hi-Continental 
managers have been very responsive to students' 
needs thus far , said Mr . Borsari. 

In a letter to Muir Provost Stewart on Dec. 16, AS 
President Jeff Benjamin made the proposal that the 
snack bar at the Muir Commons should be operated 
by the AS. He gave two reasons for such a plan : 
(1) the operation would be non-profit; (2) it would 
better respond to the students' needs. 

As of today no action has been taken towards 
making the Muir snack bar an AS operation. Hi-. 
Continental presently holds a contract to operate 
the snack bar until June 30 of this year. 

There is a national trend toward letting food 
service corporations operate campus facilities , said 
Mr. Borsar!. He explained that such operations are 
complicated, require highly qualified personnel, 
and often involve financial risk. 

When questioned as to the feasibility of such a 
plan, Mr. Bill Borsari, administrator of Auxiliary 

U(SD· faculty Responds to Interference 
by Ow.n Joyn.r 
Stiff Writ.r 

In an effort to deal with the 
crucial problems presently 
facing the university , in par-
ticular the protection of faculty 
members from undue in-
terference while performing 
their function, chapters of the 
American Federation of 
Teachers have been formed at 
UCSD and several other UC 
campuses . 

This recent move by the UC 
faculty was ostensibly taken as a 
reaction to the disturbing course 
of events during the last several 
years involving unjust treatment 
of UC personnel by, most notably, 
the Board of Regents. Alarming 
incidents, such as the dismissals 
of UC President Clark Kerr and 
UCB guest speaker Eldridge 
Cleaver, and threats of similar 
action against Angela Davis and 
Dr. Marcuse, have presumably 
authorized the creation of an 
organization whose purpose is to 
safeguard' faculty members ' 
rights. The union would serve to 
defend its members in a manner 
not unlike that of the American 
Civil Liberties Union. 

However, this is not the sole 
area in which the union would 
like to move. The most im-
mediate issue being dealt with by 
the AFT is that of the tuition 
crisis, upon which a decision is to 
be made by the Regents at a 
meeting in Los Angeles on 
January 15. Faculty-
representing AFT chapters [rom 
all over the UC system expect to 
picket this meeting with the in-
tent of imploring the Regents to 
' postpone decision on the 
proposed increase in tuition until 
representatives of ethnic 
minorities , trade unions and 
other vitally<oncerned groups 
have been given the opportunity-
denied them so far-to present 

. their position to the Regental 
Committee on Educational 
Policy.' 

In addition to this and other 
projects, the AFT is considering 
endorsement of a Democratic 
ticket of Unruh-Bradley for the 
up-eoming gubernatorial elec-
tion. 

provement of the university-a 
university which, most of the 
faculty agree, has of late been 
floundering . 

At present there is no special 
drive being conducted to recruit 
membership among the 
remaining faculty; however, it is 
expected that membership 
should grow quickly. 

(IC Sponsors Tour 
for Local Residents 

by Lorn ine Evernhlm 
Stiff Writer 

Eight women, all local 
residents and members of the 
PTA , talked Tuesday with 
members of the UCSD com-
muni\y . This campus-
community exchange of ideas 
was sponsored by the UCSD 
Community Interaction Com-
mittee. 

The first hour of the four-hour 
encounter was spent in 
familiarizitlg the visitors with the 
structure of UCSD and the UC 
system. Discussion with students 
ranged from admission 
requirements to job opportunities 
on campus. Lunch at the Coffee 
Hut preceded a tour of the 
campus. The last hour was spent 
in further discussion with 
members of the faculty and 
administration . Topics discussed 

were voting age, allocation of 
money for education, ana 
pollution. 

When asked their reasons for 
attending the meeting, most of 
the women answered that they 
were interested in finding out 
what the campus was really like. 
Most of the women do not 
depend on the local media as 
their source of information about 
what is going on at UCSD. They 
prefer to obtain first-hand in-
formation. 

The women expressed en-
thusiasm and concern for 
promoting the activities of the 
Community Interaction Com-
mittee. Anyone interested in 
participating in the activities of 
the CIC should contact Robert 
Munk at the Student Activites 
Office, 4S3-2000, ext. 1918. 

Experi ments 
in Ed ucation 
by Jim Sills Stiff Wr iter 

Alternatives and experiments in education will be the subject of a 
conference open to UCSD students and faculty the weekend of January 
23. An address from one of America's leading clinical psychologists 
and workshops on subjects ranging from music to philosophy to ex-
perimental colleges will highlight the conference. 

The conference, organized by Dr . Mort Shavitz, Jack Blenenger, 
Jim Miner, and Dr. Dave Norton, will begin at 6:30 p.m. on the 23rd, 
with dinner at the Matthews cafeteria and an 8:00 speech by Dr. Carl 
Rogers, past president of the American Psychological Institute . 
Workshop groups will be organized the same night from among the 
conference participants and will meet throughout the conference. 
Among the groups and their leaders : Laurie Solomon, of usru, on 
growth centers; Terry Hall of San Diego State, on experimental 
colleges; Tony Rose of the Center for Studies of the Person, on drugs ; 
Dr. Dave Norton on philosophy ; and Maria and Jack Bowen on in-
tegrating behavior and humanism in education. 

Dr . Shavitz said the workshop groups will 'investigate possibilities 
of educational change by defining problems and then devising 
solutions'. 

Other 'interest ' groups will meet Saturday for demonstrations and 
consideration of new instructional media and new educational set-
tings. Dr. Shavitz indicated that 'each participant will choose the 
workshop and interest group which excites his curiosity . The 
workshops will report back to the whole conference late Sunday'. The 
conference is receiving support from the Revelle and Muir provosts as 
well as the Associated Students. 

A limit of 150 has been put on student-faculty participation, with 100 
spaces reserved for students. Those interested must register at 250 
MC. The charge will be $2.50 for students and $5 for faculty, and will 
include two meals. 

Dnr. ro <,,, ... , ... ~ __ 

The protection offered by the 
AFT might assume the form of an 
impartial review board to con-
sider charges of mis-<:onduct 
brought against union members. 
This would be a welcome 
replacement for the total lack of 
due process which university 
instructors often face today. The 
ultimate objective in this regard 
would be to allow a teacher to 
freely work fo( change in the 
'system' outside his specialty 
without fear of administrative 
harrassment or retribution .. 

At present, the UCSD chapter 
of the AFT has taken its roots 
with 25 charter members from 
various departments. Wayne 
Vernon, assistant professor of 
physics, has agreed to serve as 
acting president of the union local 
until official elections take place. 
Other positions have been filled 
by Prof . Jerome Skolnick 
(Sociology) who is acting 
secretary, and Prof. Michael 
Parrish (History), w~o is acting 
treasurer . President Vernon 
asserted that those faculty 
members who have joined the 
union thus far have all expressed 
a willingness to work for more 
meaningful and tangible im-
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::=::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::.:::::::::::~:::~:!:::::::~:.:.:.:.:-:-:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. 

The Triton Times received an enor- this expense was granted to the Times by 
mous boost near the end of last quarter the Registrat on Fee Committee. The 
when Interhall Council alloted it sf.ace in increase in space over former offi ... s :,,, 
the NW corner room of Blake Hal . This enabled the staff to work far more ef-
room was formerly the Student ficiently, and the convenient location has 

. Organization Center, and facilit ies helped communication with the campus 
located there have been moved to the greatly Triton Times editors, from left 
Informa I Lounge. Since resident , to right, are Chuck Graham, Haywood 
students pay a debt retirement service on Gammon, Steve Dorsch, Steve Landau, 
the sP.tlce, ! the Times is paying full rent Paul Emus, Bi ll Alaoglu, and Roger 
on the oHice. Additional. money to cover Showley. 

Like to R.1d 7 

Book Reviewlf Wlnte" 

.ee Bill AI"II • 
Triton Ti ••• 

Triton Tilll. Jlnlllry 11 , 1170 Pile 3 



t.-it(ll} ti'll(~~ 

II IITttltlALI 
It Snows in New York, Doesn't it? 
When rumors first circulated that 

Chancellor McGill was considering ac-
cepting the Columbia presidency it 
seemed a little paradoxical that a man 
who seemed so uncomfortable last year 
in confrontation situations would want to 
jump into the hotbed that is Columbia _ 

But as it becomes clear that the story 
was not merely a rumor, the campus 
should begin ·to consider the serious 
consepquences that would result from his 
leaving . McAlthough many have 
disagreed with the Chancellor 's stand on 
campus issues, he has proved , in the long 
run, to be quite skilled in deal ing with 
forces external to the un iversity. Sfudent 
leaders have stated, in retrospect, that he 
handled the Marcuse rehiring case in 
Rrobably the best possible way under the 
Circumstances. 

Furthermore, Third College 
spokesmen have stated that the progress 
and eventual approval of the college by 
the Regents would probablr have been 
much more difficult withou the help of 
McGill , despite his early disputes with 
BSC/ MAYA representatives . 

Relations with the Associated Students 
have been strained at times, but even 
during the recent flag dispute com-
munications were improved. It seems 
that both are coming to understand the 
other's position better. 

Furthermore, McGill evidently has the 
absolute support of the faculty. Elected 
originally as their unanimous choice, 
McGill took the job only to avoid a 
possibly divisive appointment of someone 
else. 

If McGi ll leaves now he will open the 
campus up to the same type of division 
that existed at the time of his ap-
pointment. If Reagan has a hand in the 
next choice (and it is rumored that he has 
promised his education adviser, Alex 
Sherrifts, the next chancellorship that 
comes up) UCSD is in for trouble. 

But aside from these ominous con -
sequences, there are many positive 
reasons why William McGill should stay 
on as chancellor . Perhaps the most 
important - is that he has become quite 

adept at dealing with the Regents and 
other forces exfernal to the university_ 
At UCSD he has gradually gauged the 
feelings of the community and has done a 
relatively good job in satisfyinlJ the 
various interests. The loss of continuity 
involved in breaking in a new chancellor 
could be quite damaging to many on -
going programs in the university. 

Despite the obvious prestige of the 
position he is being offered, we hope that 
the chancellor will consider these factors 
as he goes back to New York this 
weekend. Besides that, it snows in New 
York, doesn't it? 

Regents to Push Doublethink? 
The report on the UC student 

newspapers that will be presented at the 
Regents ' meeting today probably won't 
make them too happy. Initiated by 
Regent John Canaday as a head-hunting 
mission against alleged obscenity and 
radicalism, the commission of liberal 
journal ists returned with some sobering 
recommendations. 

But some of the implications of the 
report won't elate the UC newspapers 
either. 

First, what is good about the report? 
Some of the traditional myths about 
student newspapers are destroyed . The 
newspaper is not an official organ of the 
univerSity administration, states the 
committee. Nor is it a subsidiary of the 
Associated Students organization . It has 
no obligation to print what either con -
siders to be important. As the report 
states, if the newspaper is doing its job 
well, various news sources on campus 
may not be happy at all . 

The report also poses fiscal in-
dependence as a goal. This is clearly 
desirable, for it further frees the 
newspaper from obligations to various 
groups . It also avoids the necessity of a 
captive paying audience. 

As far as the obscenity charges went, 
the commission dwelt more on the 
hypocrisy of the self -righteous than 
Violations by the newspapers. 

On the other hand, however, the fact 
that such a report was at all necessary 
could have -serious implications for the 
student press. The state college papers 
have suffered a far worse fate . A 
corresponding report resulted in several 
guidelines being proposed for these 
papers. Several incidents of suppression 
of the student press have occurred across 
the country recently. And remember 

that, whatever the report says, it won't be 
what the Regents had hoped to see 
emerge when they initiated the in-
vestigation. 

By recommending "professional" help 
to correct "ineptitudes," and by detailing 
what the basic principles of the student 
press should be, the commission is 
moving in the direction of imposing 
unacceptable controls. Although their 
intent may have been nowhere near this, 
it is w ide open to whatever inteq~retation 
the Regents may wish to give It. 

While nearly all student newspapers 
could use some form of counsel, a static 
form of journalism may be imposed upon 
them in the process . We feel that student 
newspapers, properly constituted and 
open to all students, must be totally free 
to determine and define their role, with 
outside help or inputs only upon the 
request of the staff. 

At this time we would like to assert the 
following principles of the student press, 
as resolved by the United States Student 
Press Association (USSPA) in their code 
of ethics: 

* Freedom of expression and debate by 
means of a free and vi~orous press is 
essential to the effectiveness of an 
educational community in a democratic 
society . 

*The student press must be free of a II 
forms of external interference designed 
to regulate its content. 

*The freedom of the student press must 
not be abridged by confiscation of 
newspapers or facilit ies; suspension of 
pUblication ; academic, personal or 
financial sanctions; arbitrary removal of 
staff members ; or threats of these ac-
tions. 

*No one outside the student staff shall 
delete, dictate, or revise the content of a 
student publication. 

Bodies Needed to Save Environment 
Anyone interested in initiating political particularly important in North County, 

action for envilonmental issues has an much of which will soon vanish under an 
un usua l OppOI tunity available next invasion of housing developers . 
Monday morn ing, and another one on Next Monday morning, sometime after 
Wednesday . 9 a .m., a presentation will be made 

The County Board of Supervisors i~ bdur e the board urging the appointment 
presentl y at a sl andstill in their efforts to of a strong environmentalist. Body 
decide upon a colndidate to fill a vacancy support in the chambers and the 
on the board . The fifth district, which corridors could do much to impress the 
covers North County, is now supervisors with the importance of the 
unrepresented , due to the recent en.viron.~ental issue to youn~ people in 
resignation of Supervisor Robert Coz - thiS political year (the supervisors will be 
zens . Two of the four remaining up for re -election during the year . 
supe:rvisors h~ve expressed strong Similar body support could be valuable 
opinions on environmen ta l matters; the before the San Diego Planning Com -
other two have not. Conservationists are mission next Wednesday at II a .m. The 
pushing for the appointment of someone un iversity will present a case against a 
strongly committed to environmental proposed change to commercial zoning 
preservation ; the choice will be made by adjacent to the mesa apartments which 
Governor Reagan if a decis ion is not would allow a massive shopping center 
reache9 by Jan . 29 . , 10 develop there. For more information, 

The Issue of environmental quality is contact extension 1038 or 2798. 
PI,I 4 T ri ton Tim.. Jlnuuy 18 , 1970 

"OK, so you want to end the war, end racism, 
end poverty, and end pollution. But what 

about something POSITIVE ?" 

".n urod t4ouglft. for 
ad multi 

v 

THE CREATURE FROM THE BLACK LAGOON 

Marijuana Liberation Front 

UCSD Heads Organize 
This colwnn is and will continue to be the voice for 

the MLF, the Marijuana Uberation Front, an 
organization the gestation of which you are wit-
nessing right before your eyes_ 

repressed for smoking marijuana while other 
people, cultw-ally more "high-classed," are allowed 

There comes a time when people can no longer 
run and hide ; when people can no longer remain 
behind closed doors .. .listening for strange foot-
steps and strange knocks on the door. There comes 
a time when people should not have to fear the 
police because of an activity that is neither immoral 
nor harmful. There comes a time when people must 
step out into the open and stand up for their rights, 
their privacy, and their way of life. 

, to drink alcohol, an even more damaging substance, 
in the eyes of biologists. We hope to unite non-users, 
students, doctors, lawyers, professors and working 
people and together stand up against this 
repression. To do this, we must educate, we must 
demonstrate, we must show our strength. 

There are those who believe that laws will change 
by themselves if people just continue to do their 
private thing. Perhaps if we all waited ten or twenty 
years enough people would be doing it that these 
laws would be forgotten and become like the 50-
called blue laws of many states : still on the books 
but not enforced. But in the meantime, people will 
be busted. People will be attacked, perhaps killed, 
thrown into jail, lose their jobs, be kicked out of 
school, and will have to spend a lot of time and 
money in courts and on lawyers. (The going rate for 
a decent lawyer on a felony charge, such as 
possession, is $1,200. ) 

Thus, the Marijuana Uberation Front is an 
organization that will attack and fight this cultural 
repression. The MLF is not a put-<>n. It is as serious 
as a bust. It is as serious as a jail sentence. It is as 
serious as freedom . Our goal is the legalization of 
marijuana. Nothing more, nothing less. We hope to 
unite all people concerned with the morality and 
politics of the present situation-where people are 

At present the MLF is a pseudo-legal 
organization- for to advocate a "crime" is almost a 
crime. But we must begin somewhere. Prohibition 
wasn't repealed overnight. It wasn't repealed until 
it became political. So this is where we start: 
marijuana has become political besides social and 
moral, and it is on these grounds we stand. But we 
need to stand together . We need people to do 
research, to educate others, to demonstrate, etc. If 
you are willing to stand with us for your rights then 
correspond with us: 
MLF 
c/ 0 P.O. Box 5100 or the 
Triton Times 
UCSD 

This colwnn will, in the future, be mostly in-
formational ; more on the MLF itself, important 
busts and court cases, statements by important 
people (like Margaret Mead) and other pertinent 
flashes that have to do with this "scene." 

As Howard Becker points out in " The Outsiders," 
the marijuana tax law was passed by Congress back 
in the 'lOs basically because marijuana smokers 
weren't united ; they didn't have a lobby to protect 
their rights. The MLF hopes to change that 
situation. 

G. Frank Gormlie 

Tricky Dick Euph oria LIVE AT 

Love Draft 
The theory is simple: the worst 

part about the draft is not killing 
people, being kiLled or maimed 
yourself, or facing the alter-
natives of jail or exile; the worst 
part is fearing that you may have 
to do one of these things. Our 
President has found the solution. 
No longer need you worry about 
your futw-e : if you have a low 
nwnber, accept yow- fate and go 
willingly to hell ; if you have a 
high nwnber, rejoice as you are 
among the chosen. Once you 
receive your loA, your fate will be 
executed within the year, barring 
greater catastrophe. 

My nwnber is 351, and my 
friendly newspaper astrologer 
calls it lucky. Should he be right, 
I will be blessed with long life, 
only to see my friends die before 
me. I suddenly discover 
something remarkable. Nixon 
wills it that I be spared only so I 
may see my friends destroyed. 

Under the old draft system 
things were different. We waited 
and hoped that all of us would slip 
under; an occasional loss seemed 
forgivable ; the vast munbers 
shipped off were impersonal. 
Now I can look at each of my . 
frie nds and see their fate 
stamped on their foreheads. 

There is no doubt that many will 
fall to the wrath of Tricky Dick. 

ean I sit back and watch? I 
don't know what to do. On the eve 
of the October Moratorium, 
Nixon said he would not listen to 
us; I thought, perhaps I should 
reply that now I will not listen to 
him and send him my draft card 
to prove it. But maybe I could 
better wage a nonviolent fight for 
my friends while outside of 
prison. If so, what can I do? I do 
not know yet, but I dearly wish to 
find out. 

One thing I know: Nixon has 
Lifted the lace curtains and shown 
us that we are all fated by him 
Like rats in a maze. Should we 
follow our course like rats or 
should we look over the wall and 
conspire to gain our freedom ? If 
you yow-self are not killed like a 
rat, you will stand by and watch 
your brother be killed like a rat. 

I find neither alternative ac-
ceptable. I do not wish to see or 
hear of any hwnan being being 
killed like a rat, and I want to put 
an end to this killing. I appeal to 
fellow hwnans for help. 

LET'S GNAW THROUGH THE 
MAZE! 

Sincerely, 
Carl D. Nelbw-ger 

SO. MISSION BEACH 
TILL JULY 15 

Immediate Occupancy 

MISSION 
BEACH TOWERS 

Just a few remain: 
New 2 BR. 2 blith .~rtments 
in 4-story build ins. 

Furnished from $240 

FEATURING: 
Bike & Surfboard storage. 
Balconies. Rec. Room, 
CoYerecj Parkins. 

WALK TO BEACH & BAY 

LOCATION: 
2965 Mission Blvd. at 

Ensenada Ct. 

RENTAL OFFICE OPEN: 
Weekdays 1-5; Weekends 10-5 
Phone 276-1982 or 272-1313 

- iSRAEL-
11 week Student Group 
includes 3 weeks in Eur,ope 
and a Mediterranean Cruise 

call Mart}': 755-8850 

FREDEmCK' S SKI SHOP 
7730 FAY AVENUI!: 

I..A JOLLA. CALrl"OANIA 

454-1410 
SNOW REPORTS 
454-2351 

CLOTHING-EQUIPMENT 
RENTALS 

JANUARY SKI ING IS GREAT 

Come on in 
"take your 
pick from 
this fantastiC 

Record Sale 
majO( labels at budget prices. 

Drop into our store and discover how mucn your money can really 
buy in records now. 

s. 99 TO s 1 ,9 9 
We've got 

hundreds of 
records with holes 
in them ... so we're 

• selling them at this 
crazy price 

University 

Bookstore 

"or" lotio., 

EOITOR-IN-CHIEF WRITING STAF" 
Steve L.ndeu RaoUl ContrM'ls 

•• WS EDITOR Lorraine Evemham 
..., ShoWIey Rich Heimlich 

Aileen Hletenen 
ASSOC. NEWS EDITOR t(alhv J.""", 

P"OTOGJtA~"Y STA"" 
Mlrk .... Jnlch 
John K.fke 

~II Leylne 
VInce Meuuloo 
Ken TenlGuchl 

HOW TO GET A DOCTOR 
Of DIVINITY DEGREE 

Paul Emus 

.. EATUR. EDITOR 
Ray seeYen 

AR" EDITOR 
"p AllIOIIfu 

SPORTI .0ITO. 
...,. DorIcII 

MANAe.HO EDt". 
..., IIIOOd Gam",," 
c:tMtv .DITOR 
CIIuck Or.ham 

ADVI.TtSINI . 
OIel. W..,leicl 

owen Joyner 
Jim AWOIII 
Bob SChwartz 
..,.,.,. IcIIweIt 
Molly SelYln 
Jay SheI"mIn 
Jim Sills 
NODUCTtON STAPP 
Kim AI4blIMIr 
ICel'Ift Gffdl 
Holly HeMa 
MI .. ICI.yer 
IIttII L ..... 
fNtry M ...... 
DaveS ..... 

SNltTI WaiT, •• 
car .. Chilltngton 
L ... y Iteful 

0..,. WeHece 
Clerk WIIIOII 
Gery Wy." 

ARTlalT ••• 
.11ft "'1Id 
&.AII1')I ....... 
PIUI.........". 
........ 

HAftttIC AttTIIT 
.... QIIMn 

ftHOTO .DIT" 
MIf'I( Trll"", 

The TRITON TIMES II Offlclaflv rtCIIII"lzec:l encI ..,.n ..... 
ltudenf n ..... ..., bv ttle COI'ftmunlc""'" 1Nr ...... UftfftnIty Of 
C.llf01'11l., lin 0; ... , IkIfldlnt .. MettIIeWI ~ La ....... 
Ctl "ornl., ,.". In f.IlIne 1dI1or ... .....,... tM TllfTON 1M •• " 
not .......... f"" .... v .......... untvtrlfty, tM ....... ~, 
", .... "'*'" ..., ........ Officlel l1UTGN '".i.''''''''' 

---

Doctor of Divinity degrees are issued by Universal Life 
Church, along with a lO-lesson course in the procedure of 
setting up and operating a non-profit organization. For 
a free will offering of $20 we will send you, immediately 
all . 10 lessons in one package alo:1g with the D.O. certificate. 

UNIVERSAL LIFE CHURCH 
BOX 6575 
HOLLYWOOD, FLORIDA 33021 

START YOUR OWN CHURCH? 
We will furnish you with a Church Charter and you can 
start your own church. Headquarters of UNIVERSAL LIFE 
CHURCH will keep recotds of your church and file with 
the federal government and furnish you a tax exempt status--
all you have to do is report your a~tivjties to headquarters 
four times a year. Enclose a free will offering. 

UNIVERSAL LIFE CHURCH 
BOX 6575 
HOLLYWOOD, FLORIDA 33021 

Trit .. Ti ... J.... 11 ,1111 P • & 



Ou of the Torrey Pines in the Uel Mif If .. thuI .. ned w ith .estfl ction II, Irowin. rill es ..... eve lo , lntnts . 

ever been caught? 

catch them 

"~aked as the wind from the sea'~ CO!Ol' 
S' lIR II HANS GlJSTlfSSOll . WEIIOII OHLSSOII ·G!O PETR( 

ACADEIWY 3n, UNIVERSIT v AIlE 284 1000 

ome y 
First first. 

And find out what Service really means. 
Just keep a minimum of $100 in your check-
ing account (personal or business) and write 
all your che: ks free. 

f 

SOUTHERN CAUFORN'" 

. F I RST NAT IONAL BANK 

Member F.O.l.e. 

WALTER G. ROBERTSON, Branch Manager 
La Jolla Shores Br 2256 Avenlda de la Playa, La Joll~ , 

PI.e 6 Triton Tim .. Jan ul ry 16 , 1970 

Bureau Explores Physical Environments 
by Peter Wlndorp 

Burelu for Environmentll Design 
The University of California at San Diego has 

found a unique answer to the problems of human 
environment in the Bureau of Environmental 
Design, a rapidly-growing confederation with 
minimum structure and maximum response to the 
needs of the UCSD community. 

Located in the middle earth room of the Revelle 
Commons, in what has variously been known as the 
formal lounge, Prancing Pony, and Liquor Locker, 
the bureau will officially open its doors on Monday. 
By providing a place for meetings, making ac-
cessible the tools and supplies necessary for 
research and publicity, building a library, 
facilitating communication among member 
projects , and by providing expertise in dealing with 
the university bureaucracy, the Bureau hopes to 
achieve its goal of encouraging any project 
designed to explore the possibilities of rational 
interaction with our physical and social en-
vironments. 

The present Bureau is the result of a series of 
events that began early in the fall quarter when a 
group of students in Professo~ Bill Wil~e 's S?ciolo%y 
114 class became interested m experunentmg Wlth 
alternate life styles that would not exploit our en-
vironment. Calling themselves the Project in En-
vironmental Design, they immediately received the 
backing of Vice-Chancellor Murphy, Provost 
Stewart, Sociology Chairman Gusfield, and 
Director of Planning Lendermann, only to meet 
opposition from numerous middle bureaucrats with 
parochial concerns . They spent most of the quarter 
obtaining permission to use a vacant room. 

A second development that occurred in con-
junction with the project was a rapidly growing 
interest on campus in the more physical aspects of 
environmental preservation, such as pollution, 
population and land use. Late in the Fall Quarter a 
meeting was called in an effort to coordinate this 
interest. A decision was made by all present to 
merge efforts with those of the sociology group and 
form a single organization with a broad mandate, to 
be called the "Center for Environmental Design." 
It was later found that names such as "institute" 
and "center" have specified purposes in the 
university system. According to regulations, the 
most appropriate name for the group was 
" bureau." This has been tentatively adopted, and 
will be used for the present in the spirit of forming a 
counter-bureaucracy, which it is hoped will 
gradually merge with and make use of staff and 
resources which the university already commits to 
environmental and social needs of the communi~y. 

A proposal has been drafted by one of the 
bureau's staff which will place the authority to 
accept new projects and make policy decisions 
regarding the bureau itself in the h~ds of a 
governing board composed ~f represen.tatlves .from 
all the projects. An executive commIttee will be 
elected by the governing board; however , no policy 
decision affecting an individual project will be 
made by anyone but the people in that project. In 
this manner, policy and requests will be made for 
the projects without being censored by ad-
ministrators, so that projects will succeed or fail on 
their own merits. 

In its brief history, the bureau has grown 
phenomenally into the 18 known projects listed 
below. All groups are welcoming new members 
regardless of their status within the university or 
community, and information is available from their 
contact people. 

• Bureau staff- Peter Waasdorp, ext. 1038 or 755-
2008; 

• Bureau planning- Arthur Jokela, ext. 1038 or 
453-6222; 

• Experimental community- David Farrar, ext. 
1038 or 755-a417 ; 

• Pre-school Project- Fran Zinn, 755-a771 ; 
• Vegetarian Nutrition Study- Peter Waasdorp ; 
• Ad Hoc Committee to Landscape Muir 

College-Jack Blendinger, ext. 2798; 
• Organic Vegetable Garden- Bob Poolman, 755-

8417; 
• Creative Arts Workshop-Dana Rufolo, 453-

6385 ' 
• Environmental Crisis Bulletin-Carolyn Byr-

nes , 295-7221 ; . 
• Ecology education (speakers, library, cour-

ses)-Bill Cogen, Biology Dept.; 
• Apri122 Environmental Teach-in- Dean Robert 

Topolovac, ext. 1918: 
• Zero Population Growth- Dr. Michael Soule, 

ext. 2171 ; 
• Ecology Action- Ben Rode, 4~240: 
• Pollution Monitoring Project-Barry Skolnick, 

Biology Dept. ; 
• Air Pollution Project-Dr. Alan Schneider, ext. 

16]8: 
• Ecology Film PrOject-Dominick Mendola, 

Scripps: 
• Water Pollution Project- John Edmond, 

Scripps; 
• Open Space and Land Use-Bob Starkey, ext. 

2798. 
New groups can be initiated by simply posting a 

proposed idea in outline form at the middle earth 
room. 

, . 

Revelle 

RCCA Considers 
Plaza Proposals 

b, Mikl KI .. II Stiff Writer 
The Revelle Committee on College Affairs at its regular weekly 

meeting on Tuesday delayed action on the two issues before it, the 
Revelle Plaza Free Speech Area and the Revelle College Meeting, 
until next Wednesday and today, (Fri.), respectively. 

The policy recommendations of the Revelle Plaza Committee were 
accepted for consideration. It w~s suggested that the members 
deliberate the proposals and take action next week. The major points 
of the policy statement were : (1) exclusion of all off-<:ampus news 
media; (2) provisions for control of musical groups performing on the 
plaza; (3) proposed formation of a public information office to 
prepare and distribute student news releases on plaza activities . 

These proposals might ultimately give way to a set of policies 
adopted by a Revelle student referendum. 

After an agressive diSCUSSion, the RCCA decided to tentatively 
schedule a Revelle College Meeting for Wednesday of next week and 
invite Chancellor McGill and Provost Saltman to speak. . 

While there was much discussion concerning the goals and the 
direction the meeting should take, the debates ended with a decision to 
delay even committing themselves to staging it on Wednesday; a 
decision is to be made today. 

If the meeting is held on Wednesday the program will include an 
address by Chancellor McGill concerning the tuition situation and 
possibly other important topics (Columbia, etc.) . Provost Saltman 
will explain Revelle College. One of the co-ehairmen of the RCCA will 
also present issues before the various governmental bodies in Revelle. 
These include: ( 1) separate room and board rates and coed dorms, 
both of which are before the Interhall Council; (2) a suggestion that 
required lower~vision courses at Revelle be put on a pass/ fail basis : 
and (3) presentation of the problems confronting Revelle Plaza. 

The general concensus was that the meeting should maintain as fast 
a pac.e and be as informative as possible. 

FOR YOUR BEAUTY SUPPLlE~ 
St .. tI4!ut 

BEAUTY STORES 
Special Discounts with 

Student Card 
COSMETICS 
SHAMPOOS 
TINTS 

Clairoil-Lapinal 
Roux-Breck 

English Leather 
Ozon-Well ite 

Old Spice-Redkin 

DIANE SHOPPING CENTER 

WAVES 
HAIR SPRAYS 
WI GS 
WIG SUPPLIES 
GIFTS 

4702 CLAffiEMONT MESA BLVD. 
272-3242 

UNIVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOPPING CENTER 
3979 GOVERNOR DR. 
453-0261 

7th' Annual 
Europe 

Jet Flights 

Los Angeles-London (Round· trlp) 
(For students. facuity and Itaff only) 

Spring Qu.rt.r Specl.' 
MarCh 29.Juno 18 11 Wkl. $255 

Summer Flights 
Jun. 15-Sep. 22 14 Wk. . $295 
Jun. 21-Aug. 21 9 Wk.. $295 
Jun. 22-Sop. 9 11 Wk.. $295 
Jul. 5-Sep. 3 8 Wk.. $295 
Sop. 28 LA-London (One-way) $13~ 

LTS Travel Service 
4246 Overland Ave. 
Dept. A 
Culver City, Calif. 90230 
(213) 839-7591 
Marty: 755-8850 

2nd" Invig~~l~,EIe~ra!!ying, 
~~!;!!9,Exhi~mgJJWeek! 

AS Senate 

Meeting W ith Governor Unproductive 
by Ro., r Show ley N,wl Editor 

AS President Jeff Benjamin told the Senate 
Wednesday that his Monday meeting with Gov. 
Reagan proved to be "very discouraging" and "not 
very productive." 

Meeting UC AS presidents and other presidents 
from around the state, Benjamin explained that the 
thrust of the talks revolved around the governor 's 
plans in education and the imposition of tuition. 
Reagan, he said, is "definitely trying to develop a 
stature as 'friend' of the students. He seems to be 
intending to use the student leaders to prove the 
favor " in which he is regarded. 

The governor has been meeting during the last 
four months with students, Benjamin said, in order 
to activate his "Student Advisory Committee." The 
UC presidents, Benjamin thought, were "suf-
fiCiently politically sophisticated to see what 
(Reagan ) was doing," while other leaders "sided 
with Reagan , either for their own political gain, or 
because they were very politically naive." 

The Senate moved on to further business with the 
approval of $500 for more bus tokens (available at 
250 MC ), and reinstatement of Tom Peifer, Revelle 
senator, who had previously been reported dropped 
frqm senate membership because he had dropped 
out of school. Peifer reported to the senate that he 

had decided to "drop" back in and was taking 
classes regularly. 

Paul Kaufman, lower division senator and 
chairman of the External Affairs Committee, 
promised to report back to the senate on the 
availability of student address and interest in-
'formation , which could be provided through the 
Registrar 's Office. Jim Magill , upper division 
senator, had said earlier that, starting in the Fall , 
students would fill out an "interests" card in the 
registration packets, in order to let student groups 
contact those AS members interested in their 
organization . Dean Murphy told the Senate that 
such release of information would have to be in line 
with specific policy statements which the Senate 
will approve at a future meeting . 

Mark Elson, Muir senator, and chairman of the 
Enterprises Committee, took on the responsibility 
for investigating chances for starting an AS record 
store. Dean Murphy said a committee for planning 
the student center-now being financed by a $6 
charge per student each quarter-would be ap-
pointed to advise the chancellor. The senate made a 
policy decision on refunding defunct Trident! 70 
receipts, which can be returned throughout the 
academic year. 

The Triton Timss Still Wslcomes Any Students to its Writing 
and Production StaHs. No Ons Undsr I.D. 20 Need Apply. 

1VI-:. cor'l{erenGe.. \/J·,n be. ~I\ed 
w,th 0.11 IAdd ... ess b-.J Uri o~er:. 
Dn frida.y eve Vi i "'1-
WorKshops wdl be fOl""med 
fl"\ctfA\..j Yliqnt MG\ will Continue 
to rn~e.t th"'oy.~kov..t 1~e. We.e\<;· 
tVl'\ fo ".Ie t'1f~';1 eatAut,·ot'lo' ( 

CO\1cel'"nc; ()ru.l 'tne',r poS~\'oIc. 
Sol lAtiuft~. f here. will tJ~ 
,·ntc.V"'m-dteV'lt Y'leeJi nq of -the 

· S pec.iCAI rnte.rest G-rOlAp~ fa 
(H .. t Q.S (n pur to! VJol"~h0f'~ 
ex o.~ comic re\ief. 

l1arrIQ\ li!ot 0{ -'Sitc.I·",' 1 "t{'fc:!<..t 
G""61.'~ Ql"la letiae~ -
A~ ~\e''(:hl'\qcr- Systemo; ~o(;(O:h to teodi 11""\ -w::. \ enc e 
\...e""'f I3fMrin . ~\sed'IA.C"'1'IO(lc,..1 

TV 

Office: NW Carner of Bllke 

MClnC.\.tt ~ ~f'\. Int~((.I.t, r'\~ Peho.\lIO("" tl~ 
h,,u'N)/l Ishe.. psyc.~o\C¥j~ i " e<! .... CCA.t'Of'\ 

M,k{ l)~IJAA ~ £;,..':,ck CA'>M . e)<p.:t:uH' ec.l~a" 
~ ~ \)eMI'> C:;''i?"",..'.l 'S111d1!nT problem", (It lAC.~ 

?-idne~ Ulo.sS. 3<£1 Col\~c... 
Terr I-t u. . (\ I~ a.ie el've- irne,,'t.,J.. 

Coll~e~ tt ":. ?Afpo5C ond. moIJemefr 
10fYl ~. Ntv-> t\d.u..\t CCJTIrn"'f\·lt~. 0. CCUl'lt(,. c.t.\\hut. 

~ elld\er. i\ct\'f'IIj ()v.t ~ 
~Minet'. bod~ ~VJ(Are"e.~ * e'1pen""ento..\ lea("ItV:) 
Chl/'c\ t\lortOl'l' t*' tloso~y work ... ", 
fOf\~ ~!.. dr~ e.J.vcotl~ 
~\ .. ~t ~~e1I· \ eQ,rll1l'~. SQ~t nu,e., 
tflor1 ~Nitt. · -:.e1t- d ..... ec.ted \eurvlll\~ 
Lo.rry S olo on <fO I.N'l'I: cer\1er~ 
A I c:!Y\ S - e.c ~to..t,c:. ,*0. .. " c:.. 
--21 dd~. title. ",,,dek\"'V}'\ I ned 

tbJ,IJcC\ - dl SnAptioo't ~~ Q", ~UCAtlOf'l o. l 
Cd 

Trit • • Ti... Jllln ry 11 < 1110 Pl" 1 



THE AltTI 
The Stones I let it bleed 

by Mi chlel Steen UCI New University 

Keith fades in on guitar, shimmering jello vibrato patterns ... Mick 
humming somewhere far away and above him .. . Hopkin's piano 
comes in with solid block chords, hard on the down beat ... Wyman 's 
bass comes in on a simple repeated root line, with that unbelieveable 
bottom he 's always had ... Watts gives a couple of preparatory 
downbeats on the snare ... and suddenly you're into "Gimme 
Shelter," and the best rock & roll band in the world is doing it to you 
once more ... no messing around, just plain old solid up and down 
chords ... Keith banging away on rhythm guitar like a steam 
engine ... Wyman underneath him like Gi!>ralter , loping along in 
beautiful gwn-chewing regularity like a fucking pile-driver . .. Watts 
keeping up time in that lazy spare style that no other drummer even 
tries to imitate ... Keith filling in little whiplash blues licks on lead 
guitar ... and above it all, Jagger, right at home with his fan-
tastically erotic enunciation, the long drawn out syllables and the 
exaggerated thick consonants ... and the lyrics themselves, not so 
much mere words, but rather a kind of Jagger chant ... still, after all 
this time I can't believe the way he sings - Jagger's delivery turns 
everyday slang into backroom, alley cat, hustler , pick-pocket 
poetry ... " ooooh, chillen, it's justa shoutaway, it's justa shoutaway, 
it's justa shouta way" ... and some chick named Mary Clayton ta.king 
the high harmony comes sailing out of the end of the chorus WIth a 
shattering little soul riff all her own, and then takes a chorus by her-
self, her piercing pure clarity and perfect coml?limen~ to Jagger's 
thick viscous funk . .. and finally Jagger back In agam, the whole 
band driving like madmen, tighter than ever before, more together 
than you would ever believe possible, , , "I tellya, luuv, sistas, is 
justa kissaway, is justa kissaway, it's justa kissaway" ... it 's plain 
old rock & roll at its basic best, and it's so, so fine .. .I hope someone at 
London Records has the sense of hwnor to release C Country Honk" as 
the Stones ' next single ... can't you imagine it happening all over 
again , except this time it's real shit-kicking rOll-back-the-rug turkey-
in-the-straw hillbilly soul, and this time you can even hear the words .. 

Sittin' in a bar, drinkin ' tar in Jackson ... 
Out on th' street th' summah sun it shines ... 
There 's many a barroom queen ah'v made in. Jackson ... 
But ah just cain 't seem t ' drink ya off mah mmd , , , 
It 's a haaa-{)o-wah-oo-won-ky-tonk woman . .. 
Gimmah gimmah, gimmah the honky-tonk girl . .. 
same a; before, yet wholly different ... open, airy and spon-
taneous ... two acoustic quitars and a single downbeat on Watts' 
snare, a couple of car horns here and there, and a fiddle . . . a real 
honest-to-God country fiddle, just like my grandfather used to play (he 
made his own too, out of wild birch ) .. . swing your partner , do-see-
do . .. 

llaid a dee-vor-cee in New Yahk Citah . . . 
I had t' put up some kind'v a fight ... 
The ladah ' s dress was covered all in roses . . . 
She blew mah nase n 'then she blew mah mind 

the Stones are really raunchy at heart, like gunfighters or street 
racers or roustabouts .. but with class .. . and just a touch or two of 
whimsical compassion ... 

Well we all need someone we can bleed on . . . 
And if ya want to, baby, well you can bleed on me .. . 
Well you can always come on in my parking lot .. . 
When you need a little Coke and sympathy ... 
You can't always get what you want . .. 
But if ya try sometime 
Ya just might find 
Ya get what ya need ... 

the last with a little help from their friends, Jack Nitzche, Al Cooper, 
and the London Bach Choir . . . but what can you really say about the 
Stones and LET IT BLEED? ... what can you say about a band that 
plays gungy old rock & roll, but j~st happens t? play it better than 
anyone else in the world? . .. I don t know . .. I give up ... 

UCSD PRESENTS 
ITONIGHT! 
R~Y DE A TO RRE 
Master of the Guitar 

A brilliant talent, playing Bach, 
De Falla, Granados and many 
more. 

ASUC SD $1. 75 F /s $2.75 

JANUARY 23rd 
LORIN HOLLANDER 

America's young swinger of 
the plano. The best of all 
worlds and times. 
Both concerts 8:30 P.M. 

Sherwood Hall 

••• 

Ticket information at the Central Box Office, Urey Hall Lobby 
Hours: lO:OO. 4:00 Phone: 453·6151 

Down 
Down 
Down 
the 
Rabbit 
Hole 

by Bill Alloglu Art EditDr 
There is a particular type of movie addict whose 

eyes have a distant look with a flickering in the 
corners and who can always be heard saying 
"Remember the scene ... " Many students affected 
with this syndrome can find partial satisfaction in 
the three film series presented this year on campus 
and at the Unicorn Theater in La Jolla. 

The AS film series is operating under new 
management this year, and opens this quarter with 
a fantastic mystery tour, featuring Walt Disney's 
animated masterpiece " Alice in Wonderland." The 
oooh 's and aaah's will rise as the words "eat me" 
come from the screen and Alice is seen growing and 
shrinking through the haze. 

The trip also includes two Betty Boop cartoons 
that are so luscious that they have to be seen to be 
believed. Ronald Reagan is a headliner in another 
short, and Jayne Mansfield will be shown in living 
color. The film series is planned to combine films of 
great popularity with other films that are perhaps 
less well known but of interest to the serious viewer. 

"Alice" is followed by "Metropolis," a science 
fiction classic created in 1929, a truly historic film . 
"M" is also being shown on Jan. 23. This film is 
Fritz Lang's masterpiece, with Peter Lorre as a 
child-murderer , in a performance that stereotyped 
him but also made him famous . 

On Jan . 30, the series presents " Blow-Up," 
starring Vanessa Redgrave and David Hemming . 
Michaelangelo Antonioni, the director , has created 
a morality play that grabs the audience without 
becoming an oral " picture. " The beauty of the 
cinematography surpasses almost every other film, 
and it is unfortunate that this print will probably not 
retain the unbelievably beautiful colOl s that can 
never be forgotten. The audio is also fantastic, and 
the entire image of the park Antonioni creates has 
an incredibly vital presence . 

Roman Polanski's hilarious spoof, "The Vampire 
Killers," uses almost every vampire joke ever told, 
the homosexual vampire, the Jewish vampire and 
so forth, in a story that will never allow you to look 
at a clove of garlic seriously again . The program, to 
be shown Feb. 6, includes "One Million Years 
B.C.," a tour de force for Raquel Welch, who por-
trays a preLinguistic cavewoman whose overflowing 
personality points in two directions at once. 

" In Like Flint" comes to UCSD Feb. 13, starring 
James Coburn. "East of Eden," the Steinbeck 
story, follows on Feb. 20, bringing James Dean to be 
compared with television's weak carbon copy, 
Bronson. 

A landmark Hollywood production, " Planet of the 
Apes," juxtaposes Charley Heston's optimistic 
image (the good guys always win) with a different 
destiny. As you probably know, thousands of apes 
are running amuck, through a muddle of ape jokes 
that will go down in history with the nwnerous 
chicken and road jokes. 

For those of you who saw the disastrous copy of 
John Ford 's "Stagecoach, " the original version 

starring John Wayne will make you understand the 
true crime committed by the remake. "My Darling 
Clementine," another Wayne-Ford opus, is also 
billed for March 6. 

Lee Marvin headlines a violent duo, " Point-
Blank" and "The Killers" on March 13. Marvin, at 
his gut-level best in " Point-Blank," stars in one of 
the truly good Hollywood films that have been lost 
in the shuffle of Beach Blanket Bingo's. " The 
Killers" includes our very own governor doing his 
thing, and being done in. 

The Muir Film Festival, a Sunday night series, 
presents a different style of films, more cerebral 
and, in many ways, more original. The programs 
usually include some " underground" shorts, often 
artistically avant-garde, that point in a different 
direction in cinematic creation. 

The series opens this Quarter with a personal 
appearance by director Edgar Marin, who will show 
and discuss his film, "Chronicles of a SWl)Iller." 
Since film is supposed to be a director 's media, 
many students will be interested in talking to the 
maestro himself. 

On Jan . 25, the Muir series presents Fellini's " 8-
1/ 2." This is Fellini 's description depiction of 

himself, making a movie. This was Fellini 's seventh 
feature film, and the title refers to this number, plus 
one and one-half for his three shorts. 

Humphrey Bogart will star in " The Big Sleep," on 
Feb. 8. Undoubtedly there will be a large audience 
for this Bogie flick, so come early. 

A student film on the Deep South, with some 
overtones of the pre-Watts Northern "South" at-
titude, " Nothing but a Man," is being presented on 
Feb. 15. 

Eugene O'Neill, the great master of American 
drama, wrote " A Long Day's Journey into Night," 
the film version of which will be shown on March 1. 

On March 8 John Ford also makes the Muir 
playbill, with "The Informer," which is teamed 
with "Mass for the Dakota Sioux," in a mind-
intriguing double feature. William S. Hart, the 
cowboy of his age, and perhaps of all time, will star 
in " Tumbleweeds," on March 15. 

These two series are shown in USB 2722 with a 
barely-adequate screen and sound system. The AS 
series is every Friday night, and costs 50 cents for 
undergrads and 75 cents for other community 
members. The Muir Film Festival runs on Sundays, 
and is free. 

The traditional student film house in La Jolla, the 
Unicorn, has of course suffered a little from this 
competition. The Unicorn is a non-profit 
organization, and it deserves student support. 

The Unicorn will run " Medium Cool" and "Hud" 
through Tuesday, followed by the classic "Othello," 
only on Jan. 20. From the 21st to the 27th, "Or_ 
pheus" and " Black Orpheus" are being presented, 
and the month of J anuary ends with the Second 
International Tournee of Animation, Jan . 28 
through 30. 

JOSE ORIBE AND THE CLASSIC GUITAR ... Tod8y, Inc. 
PRESENTS 

fOUR EXCITING GUITARISTS IN CONCERT 
fEATURING 

THE MODERN GUITAR QUARTET 

Saturday 
February 7, 1970 
8:15 pm 

"FINEST IN GUITAR ARTISTRY FROM BACH TO BOSSA" 
Pacific Beach Jr . Hlgh School Auditor ium 
4676lngnhm 
Paclflc Beacl!,. California 

I , 

Possibilities 
Guitar CI8ssics 

The celebrated guitarist, Rey 
de la Torre, will appear in con-
cert Friday, Jan. 16, in Sherwood 
Hall, La Jolla, as part of the 
Series Internationale presented 
by UCSD. Reservations may be 
made by calling the UCSD Box 
Office, 45~151. 

A master of the guitar at the 
age of 10, Rey de la Torre has 
advanced to the forefront of 
concert guitarists. Through the 
years he has kept abreast with 
modern Spanish and Latin 
American music. 

In addition to his concert work, 
de la Torre has recorded ex-
tensively and made appearances 
on such television shows as " The 
Jack Paar Show" "Today" and 
"Camera 3." ius conc~rt in 
Sherwood Hall will include the 
works of such composers as 
Heitor Villa-Lobos, Fernando 
Sor, Manuel de Falla, Julian 
Orbon, Carlos Chavez, Miguel 
Uobet and Enrique Granados. 

Conc,rto Inovato 
Lorin Hollander, 25-year old 

concert pianist, will give a series 
of "open" recitals here under the 
Guest in Residence program. 

Hollander , who is actively 
involved in experim£ontal 
'education in public schools, 
'believes " the humanity and 
awareness of today's youth 
movement is crucial to the future 
of the arts." Accordingly, he will 
give a talk-performance in MC 

"Say: All 
are created 

by Go.d." 
BAHA'U'LLAH 

FOUNDER, BAHA'I FAITH 
If 

FOR INFORMATION: 
Phone 755-1701 

Lite rature is available and 
Informal fireside discussions 
are held frequently. 

409 Wednesday at noon and in the 
Revelle cafeteria Thursday, 8 
p.m., open to all. 

His interests go beyond simple 
audience - performer dialogue to 
a " Total Concert Concept," of 
theater experiements, stage 
lighting, changing old-fashioned 
concert presentations, drawing a 
new audience in an age of in-
creasingly-contracting concert 
audiences. 

Involved in sailing, electronics, 
and sensory perception with 
respect to the future of the arts as 
well as music, Hollander 
promises to be extremely in-
teresting. 

He is giving a Series In-
ternationale Concert, under the 
auspices of the Committee for 
Arts and Lectures, on Friday. 
Reservations may be made by 
calling the UCSD Box Office, 453-
6151. 

On Tap on Campus 
"This week's article is 

dedicated to all of the type jocks 
at the Triton Times office." 

At the Coffee Hut, Wednesday, 
you should have seen "The Apple 
Knockers and the Coke." Wow ! 
This coming Wednesday, the Hut 
presents " Valley of the Head 
Hunters ," with Johnny 
Weismueller , providing 
"suspense as Jungle Jim visits 
Voodoo Worshippers." 15¢ hot 
dogs. Come see the new hot dog 
lady, with the fabulous 15t hot 
dogs . 

Tonight and Saturday Pat 
Moss, the fantastic , good-looking, 
brunette folksinger, will be 
performing. 

The first AS Free Concert of 
1970 will take place tomorrow 
night at 8 p.m. in the Revelle 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 

327 F street 

PAYS DONORS 
for serrice 

Tue. - Frl 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 • 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233 - 8328 

OCEAN fRONT APT.-
NEW LARGE ONE.BEDROOM, FURNISHED; 
W·W CARPETS; DRAPES; ALL ELECTRIC; 
BUILT-INS; BALCONY; COMMUNITY B.B.Q. 
$165.00 . . 

4230 Oliver Ct. 
Pacific Beach 
Evenings: 488-3113 or 2864339 

'!J~~ 
H.>\NPFt 

Hundr.d. of •••• c tlon • •••• ch ••••• 

. !~~~~ MUSK 

• 
Sou ndsville Locations: 483t Colle,. Ave. lit EI c.jon 8IYd.1 1231 Glmtt,-PlClflc Btach 

277 II . ..... ·.(;ity of ( I C.jon 

I 
Cafeteria. Ralph, Buffalo Crotch, 
and Pat Moss will be featured. If 
you dig rock and blues you'll like 
Ralph. Buffalo Crotch has to be 
seen to be believed. Get the 
Crotch-Country-Western rock 
and funk. 

Tim Hardin is coming Jan. 24. 
Student tickets will be $2, not $3 
as erroneously advertised. Clabe 
was great! The AS film series is 
showing " Alice in Wonderland" 
plus one hour of shorts. Ronald 
Reagan will star in some of 
them; 7: 30 Friday, USB 2722; 
admission is 5ot. 

Ballet Visitation 
The American Ballet Theater is 

the finest ballet troupe in this 
country, and they will be ap-
pearing next Monday and 
Tuesday at the San Diego Civic 
Theater at 8:30 p.m . Their full-
length "Swan Lake" will be 
staged Monday night with the 
prima ballerina Toni Lander as 
Odette..()dile, and her husband 
Bruce Marks as the prince. This 
will be a re-creation of the 
original version staged by David 
Blair (late of the Royal Ballet) 
who is also staging Tuesday· 
night's " Giselle." " Giselle," with 
the noted Carla Fracci and Erik 
Bruhn, has received the greatest 
'critical acclaim. You will have a 
chance to see one of the greatest 
dancers of the century, Bruhn, 

appearing as a guest artist ; 
Fracci, of La Scala, Milan, also 
appears. " Giselle " will be per-
formed Tuesday along with the 
light-hearted "Gaite Parisien-
ne." Don't miss seeing at least 
one of the performances. Tickets 
from $2.50. ( Larry Johnson ) 

Isreal Eye to Eye 
A narrated slide show, in-

cluding pictures and discussions 
of Israeli university life, travel, 
kibbutz life and urban conditions 
will be given Tuesday, USB 3060, 
at 7:30 p.m. 

The narrator, Dale Pearlman, 
lived in Israel for a year as a 
student at Hebrew University in 
Jerusalem, under the UC 
Education Abroad Program. He 
traveled extensively, visiting an 
Arab-Israeli town near Haifa, a 
kibbutz and almost all areas of 
Israel. Pearlman will discuss his 
experiences and will give his 
observations on the situation in 
Israel and the Middle East. 

Standing Alone 
Friday, January 23, is the date 

of the most significant rock 
music event of the new year: The 
Band, appearing at the Com-
munity Concourse in a special 
concert presented by 

Productions. 

After backing Dylan in many 
albums , the group released 
" Music From Big Pink ," 
demonstrating In their own right 
their great range of talent. Both 
" The Weight," used subsequently 
in the film " Easy Rider," and " I 
Shall Be Released," became 
important standards on radio . 
For The Band, music is an ex-
pression of their experiences, and 
their commitment to their craft. 

ext Friday at 8 p .m . 
Strongwinds will present The 
Band in concert at the Com-
munity Concourse. The Band 
chose the intimacy of the Con-
course for their only San Diego 
appearance. At their request, 
The Band will present the entire 
show, bringing their own sound 
from Woodstock. 

At the Unicorn 
At the Unicorn Jan. 14 - 19, 

" Medium Cool," not-to-be-
missed film concerning the role 
of television news coverage, will 
be shown. This is not a 
documentary but a dramatic film 
that was filmed, in part, during 
the Democratic National Con-
vention in Chicago. The title, of 
course, alludes to television, the 
cool medium, but the subject 
matter is anything but. 

The co-feature is "Hud," with 
Paul Newman . 

sat\.rday midnight F%NE ARTS Jan . 17 
1818 GARNET STREET ~74'4000 

VENUS IlO ) 

II IS an f).p lOratlOn 01 conte rnoo· 
,at., SellA l hang ups I, ..,m he 
(lOUD'. standard 10 rnale ,net Ie 
mall IQresslon WOMen I re bound 
10 rind lhe 111m O'Sl lJIb ' ng ~.1u\t' 
Venus hODS Irom t'Ied 10 0,,0 

81110E STRIPPED 
BARE ( 10 ) 

Mayof oaley lOins wdl "' int to 
wllCI'I the l' r'lei O unve ! eh. aqa"s 
mammoth PICasSO but SO"'f'lh.rg 
els. IS bei ng unve iled heft' Or 
SC(lbed by Pa lilu ola .l~ • ano'h 
er one of those all'V , 1"'<Ii; 

SNOII IIH ITE ( I ') 

THE DOLL I" ) 

WOODEll LULLA8Y (7 ) 
ay TO" D(~ "'O"'( 

PRIVATE MUTUAl fUN HUH GOIIOON - ChO., .. S THf IIEW II1PII WEO INIIlII AIIGH (JO ) By HE~8 (lE GAlA SSE: 
Il-11-41 (II) 

I KIIOW A .. OLD LAOY 
8V DEREK l ."11 

YES YES II ) 8V RAY .'CE 
C ' $h - Cw(lS - 9 ,, 1 • ~,.. _ .na 
'eth", w .tft 1"lh - C.I, no luteu 
no '" 1 no 
INSUUNCE 
S T4AA IN(j EDD IE CANTOR 

0110" OF A UIIEIIT FIEND II ) 
ev 

"AliA T SAOE , 10) 
8Y kJ~P MA THE" 
Whit yo..l Iff s" ,t'Qe ... erslon 01 
I"' " .. e'y I" OUI ttl • ., .~t you ,...., 
s T I'\f End tI., The OGars 

CAlSOA' SMATTEKDAl 
STU.O.Y I)) nv I(EN NOPOIN 

OIlU" Of THE WILD HOIISES I I I ) 

·C'fO ' f ~ Nwl"'lef "" . Pt'CKI _1'10 0\11 
01 sN,.,. Pt.".. 0910 "" 10 w I11\ 
1\01(1 , ,... ., n ltt'lf S 
"- 11\ - . . .. .. ' ..... . 

\lnfl' AfQt'I " ' 9'" "'Qh A, ,,,,, A' Q 
. ' V'" A'9'" . ' 9" fP 'U\t 00 not con 
" .. ,,, ,ft " 1,1 1'1 . ,t h lhe I II ", o~ t he 
\J""'f 'W,"" .... h ,C h I "'acHi , '" 1 

HO C 
'rt 0';, JOhn SchOlI ll I.I~ 

.... ,,~. I, t"CI 0' .... tI ·, 

Triton Ti .. " JUUl'Y 1 • • 1910 PI._. 



l'ttlt1"4 
Soccer 

UCSD BLASTS SOS 8 -3 
though, and poW'ed in five goals 
in the final twenty minutes to 
clinch the win. 

San Diego state's attack was spirited, but tbe 
Tritons rallied for a five-goal second half that 

powered UCSD to an 8U1 a-S vk:torf O¥er tbe 
highly regarded Aztecs. 

The UCSD Soccer Club won its 
eighth straight game in the San 
Diego County Soccer League last 
Swtday, defeating the San Diego 
State club 8 - 3. The team needs 
only two wins in its remaining 
four games to clinch the 
divisional title and earn a spot in 
the San Diego County cham-
pionship game in February; its 
8 - 0 record makes the UCSD 
Soccer Club the most successful 
sports team on this campus. 

The outcome of Sunday's game 
seemed evident at half-time as 
UCSD spurted to a thorough 3 - 1 
lead. But a spirited State College 
club mustered its attack to tie the 
score at three all with fifteen 
minutes gone in the second half. 
The UCSD attack reorganized, 

Denis Colacicco led the UCSD 
onslaught with three goals; 
Herbert Diekmann and Captain 
Brent Thurston-Rogers scored 
two apiece, and Arch Reid 
contributed one goal, to complete 
the rout of the Aztecs. The suc-
cess of the UCSD club is the 
result of a perfect blend of of-
fense and defense . The Tritons 
have ripped the nets (or a total of 
59 goals, at the same time 
limiting opponents to only 10. 

Tritons Trim 'USIU 88 -76 
Upcoming Schedule Looms Tough 
The UCSD basketball team 

converted a slim 39 - 37 halftime 
lead into a comfortable 88 - 76 
victory over crosstown rival 
United States International 
University last Friday. The 
Tritons submerged USIU behind 
lhe outstanding all-around 
performance of 6-foot senior 
Larry BW'ton. 

Averaging 6.6 points per game 
prior to the game,Burtonpumped 

in 21 points on the strength ot 
nine field goals in eleven at-
tempts, and pulled down nine 
rebounds. Ed Babiuch tied USlU's 
lArry Weddle for game honors 
with 23 points and Guy Dlmonte 
added 16 to the winning effort. 

Following the game, Coach 
Barry Cunningham assessed the 
victory and his team's prospects 
for the future. "1 think we're 

Dildos Down Gophers 

BOI Wins Super Bow' 
Editor's Note: The IntramW'al Football championship game, the 

most important intramW'al contest of the year, took place almost 
unnoticed last December. Although its news value has since passed, 
we feel that it merits this recap as this week's sports column featW'e. 

The long-awaited duel finally took place between the Purple 
Gophers (Chancellor's Trophy winners) and the BOI Dildos (cham-
pions of the Open League). Both teams had swept through the regular 
season undefeated. The rodents of Revelle, using all the skill acquired 
dW'ing foW' years of playing with each other, had played havoc with 
the defenseless, and often offenseless, teams of their league. Their 
opponents, frequently pre-rookie freshmen, dazed· by the pounding 
legs of Steve Garofolo and the pinpoint passing of Israel Chaves behind 
consistent center Ron Stutheit, could find comfort ollly when assW'ed 
that the game could not last forever . It was a different story for the 
Big D. Aside from several forfeits, which did more to damage the 
team's physical condition through inactivity than improve their 
league standing, their competition was ferocious. They faced the 
precision and might of such ominous foes as Southside Sewage, Med 
School Scalpels, and the seasoned BSC Panthers, who forced them into 
a 40 _ minute sudden-death overtime in the most grueling and hard-
fought contest in intramural history. 

starting to click now. But we'll 
have to get 'up' for every gamej , 
we have a tough schedule and 
there are no easy games coming 
up." 

Cunningham had stressed 
rebounding in practice prior to 
the USIU game and it paid off in 
the form of a very important 42 -
28 advantage on the board. Mark 
Wilson grabbed 11 big rebounds 
and Larry BW'ton collected nine 
in the aggressive effort Coach 
Cunningham had asked for. 

The Tritons face a pair of 
strong opponents at horne this 
weekend in the form of Fresno 
Pacific tonight and the 
University of San Diego 
tomorrow. Both games will begin 
at 8 p.m. in the UCSD gym-
nasium. Last season the Tritons 
downed Fresno in the only meet 
betwee:n the two teams, 73 - 54, 
and captured one of three con-
tests with USD. On Tuesday of 
this week the cagers met Azusa 
Pacific, a team described by 
Coach Cunningham as "a very 
big team, one of the toughest 
we'll face all season." Azusa 
edged UCSD 88 - 85 in last year 's 
final game. 

The Tritons were out-shot 65 -
64 by USIU, but canned 33 to only 
30 for the Westerners for a 52 - 46 
margin in shooting percentage. 
Coupled with their 42 - 28 
rebounding advantage, the 
Tritons were able to dominate the 
contest, which was witnessed by 
a large crowd in the UCSD gym. 

The Tritons' next appearance 
will be at 2 p.m. Sunday against 
Southwestern College on the 
Matthews Campus Field. 

Grapple rs T rip To Zoo 
If this week 's program is any indication, demanding schedules will 

characterize the 1970 Triton wrestling season. Having just retw-ned 
from the All-Cal tournament in Santa Barbara, which took place on 
SatW'day, the UCSD grapplers were on the road again Wednesday, 
joW'neying to Whittier College. And It looks like there won't be an end 
to this traveling-demolition-team routine for quite some time: the 

. squad hits the SCIAC ToW'ney at Cal-Tech on SatW'day. 
The Tritons came horne from Santa Barbara looking like they'd 

spent a w.eekend at the zoo-with a few of the wild animals. Someone 
said that the UC Davis team showed up in a caravan of a half dozen 
cages and somebody else insisted he saw the Santa Barbarans being 
fed raw meat . 

The Tritons managed to return to civilization with a few trophies, 
though: they collected a total of seven awards. Fred Grunewald, at 
167, and 19O-pounder Joe Prenn took second places in their weight 
divisions, and Ed Calugay, Javier Correa, Mike Ditornaso, Jeff 
Graham, and Howard Clark packed away third places. Bob Nemcik, 
who was injured and probably won't be able to wrestle the rest of the 
season, Bob Wilson, and John Gressard completed the team roster. 

UC Santa Barbara walked away with the tournament title while 
Davis came second and Riverside tied San Diego for third. But Coach 
Chuck Millenbah wasn't the least bit disappointed with his team's 
perfonnance. "Listen," he says, "when Bob Wiison--a past NAIA 
District III and Biola ToW'ney champ--doesn't win a match, you 
know the competition's tough. I'm very pleased with all of them. The 
lower weights, from 118 to 160, were especially rough and the All-Cal 
wa .. the toughest it's ever been. These guys have made a lot of 
progress and they did much better than last year. ] 'm proud of them." 
The tournament was conducted as a round robin so each man wrestled 
three matches in the space of about four hours. 

The Tritons are looking forward to getting back to their own part of 
the jungle and taking a first or second at the SCIAC Invitational. All of 
the District III teams except Biola and Cal-Lutheran will be par-
ticipating, and thus eight colleges will be represented. Coach 
Millenbah looks to Redlands to give UCSD its roughest competition, 
but he is confident that the Tritons will come out best. Maybe he's 
planning on taking along a few pounds of raw meat ! This factor of competition seemed to be most evident in this 

championship game, where the lack of regular season pressure took 
just enough of that vital edge off the PW'ple Gophers' psychological 
attitude to allow the BOI Dildos a veritably effortless 26 -.19 victory. 

From the onset the Gophers struggled to escape their "nole," an 
abode created by their constant point deficit. On their first series of 
downs BOI pushed the purple beasts back with the aid of the Gophers' 
center, Ron Stutheit. Ron, either awestruck by the foreboding 
massiveness and odor of middle guard Mike Palcic or just acting out 
of general goodwill towards the enemy, inexplicably bulls- eyed his 
snaps short of the target allegedly designated in the team huddle. 
Words of encouragement from teammate John McCaughey were in 
vain, as a precious fourth down hike went just far enough to allow 
punter Garofolo to dowrl the ball deep in the purple plains. BOI soon 
capitalized on the advar.tage by shoving in for the score with an end 
run by Bob Poolrnan. 

Triton Crew Sparkles in Long Beach Regatta 

Scorewise, the Dildo position was never in jeopardy. Having to go to 
the air six times, the BOI devastating ground attack was led by Red 
Baron (or red-headed Dildo, if you will ) John Grana, who gained 63 
yards on ten carries for an astounding average of 10.3 yards per carry. 
But to play down the ptlssing g::!!l~ wOllld be a misrepresentation. Of 
the four touchdowns, t\\O were thrown by Mark Butler w 11i3 cpllt end, 
Chich McCurdy, who is mown for his unique combination of ballet and 
natural spasmodic ten,lencies. 

The Gophers, forced \0 "go pher" the lead through the air , must be 
lauded for the brillianCE and finesse of their quarterback, lzzy Chavez. 
Izzy completed 10 of I') passes for 107 yards. Chances are his com-
pletion and yardage to :als would have been greater if his receivers 
had been looking for the ball rather than Craig Sterbenz and his 
camera on the sidelines. lzzy was also the Gophers' leading ground 
gainer, with 28 yards in three carries. 

Everyone knows that the offense must score to win, but the necessity 
of the defense to protect that lead is essential. Both the Dildo and 
Gopher defenses had been known for their stalwart efforts during the 
season. The Dildos, though, stiffened up to the challenge and, led by 
linebacker Glen Rockland, made 25 per cent more tackles. 

So ended another year of bruising, banging, yelling, swearing, 
winning, losing, muscle-pulling, and crotch-rashing in the frolicking, 
fun-loving world of intramural football . 
PI " 10 Tri tIn Tim .. JInUIrY 16 . 1910 

The UCSD intercolleglate crew 
team ended its Fall Quarter 
season with a victory at the Long 
Beach State Christmas Regatta, 
held in Long Beach on Dec. 13. 
Rowing in four- and eighto()ar 
competition, the novice shells 
took two first places, beating 
arch-rival San Diego State, as 
well as UC Irvine, St. Mary's 
College, and USC. In varsity 
competition, the UCSD light-
weight eight shell came in third 
behind the Long Beach State 
crew, and the San Diego State 
crew. For the first time in its 
history, the crew team entered a 
pair , a twoo()ared shell rowed by 
Derk Mous and John Staples. 
They finished foW"th in their 
highly competitive event. 

Coach Bill GebW' was excited 
with the outstanding per-
formance of the team, par-
ticularly since the team had been 
hampered by an irregular 
workout schedule for most of the 
first quarter . On Jan. 7 the crew 
team began morning workouts 
six days each week. Coach Gebur 
and the members of the team are 
looking for new oarsmen. No 

previous experience is required 
to learn and participate in this 
challenging and honored in-
tercollegiate aport. Men who are 

interested in rowing should leave 
their names at the Physical 
Education Department office as 
soon as poaaible. 

Two members or the UCSD intercollegiate crew team listen intently 
for instructions from the coxswain at the recent Long Beach Regatta. 

..,. 
Tuition Plan, cont. 

students are now work in, out-
side of class to rsupport them-
selves. Benjamin found that 29 
per cant of those responding re-
ceive 76 to 100 oer cebt aud 
celve 76 to 100 per cent aid 
from their parents, but 43 per 
cent are no more than one quar-
ter supported by parents. Finan-
cial aid is received by 76 per 
cent of those students responding. 

The result, he found, would 
be that "a majority of students 
qualified to attend the Univer-
sity of California would transfer 
to other educational institutions. 
If so, university academic stan-
dards would be seriously jeopar-
dized." 

World , Government 
or World War? 

and an international 
peacekeeping force to refer 
disputes to the world court and to 
enforce its decisions." 

Clark added that "America 's 
sW'vival is threatened not only by 
weapons destruction, but also by 
human destruction. National 
sovereignty and power politics 
have brought on an insane arms 
race that takes 70 cents of each 
tax dollar . While we deverop 
missiles, we do not develop men. 
While we lavish money on 
military allies abroad, we do not 
feed 20 million hungry and 
malnourished Americans here at 
home. While President Nixon 
approves $65 billion for military 
spending, he says he will not 
approve $20 billion for the health 
education and welfare of th~ 
American people. " He said that 
the American people should 
remember the observation of the 
historian Toynbee that 
" Civilization's great empires 
have not fallen from external 
invasion, but from internal 
dissolution ... 

One slgnUicant fact found by 
Benjamin is that more than two-
thirds of the students came to 
UCSD because of the relatively 
low cost of education. If costs 
rose by $300, Benjamin warned 
the Regents, "62 per cent of 
the students stated they would 
withdraw Crom school." 

Parents were also included 
in the AS survey, Benjamin noted. 
Of 400 parents asked to respond 
to the questionnaire, 239 replied. 
Asked to answer the same ques-
tions as the students. parents 
seemed to follow the same pat-
terns. 

About one-quarter of the un-
dergraduates responded to the 
AS-initiated questionnaire. 

Muir College Council . . .. 
The John Muir College Coun-

cil held its second official meet-
ing Wednesday night. The first 
subject on the agenda was the 
proposed by-laws tor the coun-
cil. Larry Raful proposed an 
amendment suggesting that the 
ASUCSD senators from Muir be 
made ex-officio, non-voting mem-
~rs of the council. Discussion 
of the amendment led to an al-
ternative. The AS senators will 
be invited and urged to attend 
the council meetings, but will not 
be members of the council. The 
council members would like to 
limit the number of people on 
the council so there will be ample 

I time for each to speak. The by-
laws were passed unanimously 
without the a~ndment. 

Next discussed was the Muir 
language programj the discussion 
was lengthy and at times quite 
emotional. The history ofthe lan-
guage requirement debate was 
given by Dr. stewart, who de-
nied accusations that previous de-
cisions concerning the language 
program were undemocratic. 

The next meeting of the Muir 
Council has been set for Jan-
uary 27 at 4pm in the Muir 
Commons. The first subject on 
the agenda will be the Muir Lan-
guage program. 

by PIUI Emus 
Assac. News Ed itor 

"San Diego is on its way to 
disaster !" exclaimed former 
Senator Joseph S. Clark to a 
sparse crowd Thursday at noon 
last week in the Revelle plaza. 
Clark's visit was part of an 
Extension class entitled "Toward 
a World Society: Sovereignty or 
SW'vival." -

In his 12 years as Pennsylvania 
senator, Clark supported arms 
control and disarmament and 
fought for international treaties 
limiting nuclear testing and the 
spread of nuclear weapons. Now 
President of United World 
Federalists, Clark spoke on the 
topic " Beyond Vietnam, " 
asserting that peace in Vietnam 
will not assW"e peace in the 
world. 

The World Federalists believe 
the power politics-war system is 
obsolete and seek an ordered 
world where man's reason and 
upderstanding will have an op-
portunity to overcome his 
aggressiveness and fears. (Says 
Clark, "No longer would nations 
seek the illusion of secW'ity by 
supporting a crushing bW'den of 
armaments. OW" first duty as 
Americans is to pW'sue the ex-
pression of a new American 
foreign policy, dedicated toward 
working through, revising and 

JItfi€ VIIdIAG€ C€IdiAR 
Presents The Fabulous 

C.C. JONES 
has been playing to 
capacity crowds at 

C.C.JelN€S 

the VILLAGE CELLAR! ........ _ 
Be sure to see this exciting personality, 
his band and his show ... Mondays , Tuesdays and 
Wednesday . . . 8:30 and 10:30 with an extra show 
at 12:30 Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays .... 
DANCING NIGHTLY beginning at 8 pm. No cover 
no minimum. Enjoy a gourmet dinner at the new 
VILLAGE INN ... THEN SEE ONE OF THE GREAT-
EST SHOWS IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA at the 
VILLAGE CELLAR 
(for dinner and show reservations call 453-5500) 

OF LA JOLLA 
LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE AT INTERSTATE 5 

strengthening the United 
Nations." 

Clark criticized Defense 
Secretary Laird for wanting to 
"end the war for the wrong 
reason" and " taking billions of 
dollars and tW'ning them into 
other military expenditW'es." He 
attacked the ABM and Safeguard 
missle systems as ,"not safe and 
useless. The first missle ex-
plosion so fogs the radar that it 
can't see and the second missle 
destroys ~ Diego." 

Reminding the audience that 
"there are 30,000 pounds of ex-
plosives stockpiled for every 
human ~ing on this planet," 
Clark claImed that nation-states 
have "no alternative to world 
destruction but World 
Organization-a world coW't to 
adjudicate international disputes 

""~ CSIS (~/ COLLEGESTUDENTINSURANCE 
..... ., SERVICE - (714) 291-4335 

2223 El Cajon Boulevard, San Diego, Calif. 
Located in Lafayette Building 

SPECIAL 
STUDENT AUTO INSURANCE 

AN AVERAGE OF 43% AVINGS ON ALL AUTO INSURANC E 
IS REALIZED BY PARTICIPATING QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

EXAMPLE 

(21 YEAR OLD SINGLE MALE STUDENT SAN DIEGO 
COUNTY. STATE REQUIRED MINIM M LIMITS OF 

COMPANY- "A" LIABILITY.) 
. . . .•..... . ....... . .. . .... $140. YEARLY 

C IS STUDENT PROGRAM ................... . 78. YEARLY 

SAVINGS - $62 
EVEN GREATER SA VI NGS FOR MARRI ED AND 

FEMALE STUDENTS 
• PIK~ment GUARANTE ED reg.,dless 0' dr,Ving record 
• P.v~t P'.ns 10 ft t VOl fR hYOOet 
• NO AddlhQ('l. ' hlb.llt'l ch.a' 9f ttY SPORT!; r AAS 
• NO MEMSf RSHr P FEf ' .. ,u·'''' 
• Licensed h.., the Sliiltt ~f C""'or'U4I Dept of Imur.1"C'C 

'OM .. "ER~Al OUOf"TlON OR tMM£OIATE COVEMOE 
CAll IJ'4, "14335 

Tr i t • • Ti",.. J I ." r Y 11. 1970 PI" 11 



• p. 
tonight 

" Al ice in Wonderland" and an hour of 
shorts with Belly Boop. Ronadald 
Reagan and others w ill be shown at 
7.30 p .m. in USB 2722. Admiss ion is SO 
cents . 

Rey de la Torre. master of the guitar. 
will be at Sherwood Hall at 8. 30 
tonight Reserved sealing Is S1.75 for 
students . 

PAT MOSS. folksinger and gui tarist. 
will be at the Coffee Hut tonight and 
Saturday at 9 pm . 

saturday 
Free Dance·Concert w i th Pat Moss . 
Ralph . and Buffaloe Crotch at 8 30 
pm in he Revelle Cafeteria 

Enterta inment at the COFFEE HUT 
starts at 9 p .rn and IS free 

sunday 
" Chronicles of the Summer" will be 
shown at 7 30 P m tn US B 2722 . Edgar 
Moran . director of the f ilm. w ill be 
there for discussion afterward ThiS 
fr e film is pari of Ihe MUir Ctnema 
S rtes 

monday 
Monday Peler Rukmkorf. German 
poet and wrtter . w ill speak on People 's 
Poetry as Antl · poetry . ThE' 
colloqUium will be held n USB 3070 at 
8 pm 

" Valley of the Headhunters" w ill be 
shown al the Coffee Hut by the 
Associated Students as part of the 
Wednesday Night at the Movies 
series . Johnny Weissmueller stars In 
this Jungle Jim flick that begins at 9 
pm . and is free . 

friday 
" M " and " Metropolis" will be shown 
next Friday at 7' 30 pm in USB 2722 
AdmiSSion is SO cenls 

International Club Dance with Hard 
Luck Boy will be held al 7 30 p .m in 
Revelle Cafeter ia AdmiSSion of SO 
cents will be charged for boys . 

• Lonn Hollander. 25 year old concert 
p ianist. Will play al 8 30 pm . in 
Sherwood Hall 

recreation 
SWimming vs U C Riverside 4 p .m . 
Fri day. Jan 16 UCSD Pool 

Basketball vs Fresno Paci f ic 8 pm . 
Fri da y. Jan 16 UCSD gym 

Basketball vs USD Saturday. Jan 17 
6 and 8 p m UCSD Gym 

Fencing vS UCLA Saturday. Jan. 175 
pm UCSD Gym 

SWimming vs U C Irvine Friday. 
Jan 23 3 30 pm UCS D pool 

FenCing 1st Annual Epee Invitational 
11 am Saturday. Jan . 24 gym 

club. 
Atpha Phi Omega : Saturday. 8 p .m .• 
MC 304 

Alpha Sigma Ph i : Wednesdays . 6:30 
p .m .• USB 3060 

Bagpipe Band : Mondays. 7 p .m .• 2A 
2101 

Bridge Club : Sundays. 7 p .m .• Pump 
House Annex. MC 610 

Christian Science Organization : 
Mondays. 7 p .m. Informal Lounge 

Jan Ensemble : Tuesdays. 7 p .m .• MC 
406 

Jewish Student A ssociatIon : Tuesday. 
7 30 pm . USB 3060 

Pre·law students wi ll meel nexl 
Tuesday at 8 p .m . in Bonner Hall . 
Contact Deiln Hull (e)(1. 2231 ) for 
further informat ion about law 
c areers . 

RUSSIan Club : Thursdays. 7 30 p .m .• 
Lang uage Lounge 

S.O.S.' Tuesdays. 7: 30 p .m .. USB 
40SOA 

SIMS : Thur sdays. 8 p .m .• USB 3070; 
Introduc tory Lecture th is week 

The ASSOCIA TED STUDENTS Presents 
Coffee Hut Friday and Saturday, 9:00 

PAT MOSS 
Wednesday, January 21 9:00 

folk singer 
'VALLEY OF THE HEADHUNTERS' 

Stirring 
TIM HARDIN SEALS and CROFT 

JOHNNY WEISSMUELLER IN CONCERT JANUARY 24 
TICKETS AVAILABLE 

Free Dance 
Featurin !J 

BuffalG Crotch 
Ralph 
Pat Moss 

Saturday, January 17 8:30 
Revelle Cafeteria 

PI,. 12 Triton Tim., Jlnuary 1., 1170 

AT UREY HALL 
BOX OFFICE 

Friday Night 
at the Movies 

'ALICE IN 
WONDERLAND' 

USB 2722 
7:30 

lecture. 
Film maker Delmer Lawrence Daves 
is scheduled to give four weekly 
lectures- with f i lms-{)n "The Life 
and T imes of a Filmmaker" every 
Tuesday In Sumner Auditorium . at S10 
at 7 : 30 p.m . Lectures and films are 
free to the public . 

Lorin Hollander D iscussions 
presented by Arts and Lectures. Br ing 
a lunch . .... ednesday noon. 409 MC. and 
Thursday 8 p .m .• Revelle Cafeteria . 

Professor's I naugural Lecture Series : 
Irwin Jacobs "Codes. Computers. and 
Pic tures from Mars ." Thursday. 4 : 15 
p.m .• HL Aud i tor ium 

Dr. R ichard Wollheim from Oxford 
UniverSIty presented by the Dept. of 
Ph i losophy " M ill's Liberty" Thur 
sday. 8 p.m .• USB 3060. free and open 
10 the public . 

The Libertarian All ia nce is continuing 
Its weekly series of recorded lectures 
by Nathaniel Branden . The upcom ing 
lecture is "Reason and Virtue ." The 
meetings are held Thursday evenings 
at 7 . 30 tn USB 3060. 

D r . John Warw ick Montgomery 
presented by UCSD Dept. of 
Philosophy "A Philosophical 
Theological Critique of the D eath·of· 
God Movement. " Fr iday . 3 p .m .• 
Informal Lounge 

ksdt 
"The Live Adventures of Noodles 
Marmaduke" will soon come boun 
cing over the radIO waves into your 
home! Adventure! Danger I Cheap 
Thrills! Tune your mag ical receiving 
box to KSDT radio Sunday morning (9 
a .m . to noon) as Leif and Br ian the 
Innocent bring to you LIVE. Noodles 
Marmaduke (as well as some spiffy 
music)! 

All Interested in being a KSDT D .J . or 
dOing public affairs. contact KDST at 
Ext . 1152 or 1156 (4532000 from off 
campus) . 

things 
A W eek of Prayer for Christian unity 
will begin Ih is Sunday at Un iversity 
Lutheran Church during the 10 a.m . 
worship hour UCSD Campus Pastor 
John G. Huber will lead the 
congregation In a special all 
denom inational liturqy . 

A Qual ifying tournament for the 1970 
Intercollegiate Bri dge Tournament 
WIll take place t 7 p .m . Sunday In 
Building 610 MC. known as the Pump 
House Annex across the street from 
the Mallhews Recreation Center 
(KSDT) Winners will travel to Fresno 
In February for a regional playoff . All 
full lime graduates and un 
dergraduates re eligible . 

A rally to help save the Torrey PInes 
WIll lake plac t 7. 30 tonight in John 
Muir Commons Studen ts will canvass 
th city asking for donations from the 
publiC Memb rs of the Torrey Pines 
Assoc iation will b there to discuss the 
history of the pin s. 

Muir students Inter sted In "put ting it 
on th line" to make a last d i tch flort 
to sav the Torrey Pines are urged to 
reserve Saturday aft ernoon. Jan . 16. 
If you're tlr d of rapping and want to 
actIvate. sign up at the "put II on the 
line" booth ny tim Monday In 
Building 2A . 

Thievery at the Revelle Sundries 
Store has Increased this year . 
Students are reminded that the store 
is owned and operated by Revelle 
College studen ts . with prof i ts going to 
student activities. Pencil snatching 
doesn ·t help your concert season . 

The Revelle College Fayman Art 
prints are up for rental all day today . 
Contact the Revelle Provost 's Office 
in the eucalyptus grove for In· 
formation before 5 p .m . 

Registration has begun for the 
Learning Community . and 
Educat ional Con ference which will 
take place the weekend of January 23 
25 A fee of S2 .SO for students and S5. 

for facully Is payable at the Student 
Activities Office. Bldg . 2SO. M .C. in 
cludes twoOeals as well as various 
planned and unplanned workshops . 

Students w i th interest In a Volunteer 
Service Center should contact Morth 
Shaevitz or Kay Decker in Dean 
Murph y's o ff ice (ex t . 2711) . 
Questionna ires on the desirability for 
setting up a center were handed out 
this week In classes . 

The Hours for the Language Lab and 
undergradua te reading room have 
again been changed . The new hours 
will be 
Mon. Ihru Thurs . 9 a.m. to 4 p .m and 6 
pm to 11 p .m . 
Friday 9 a .m to 4 p .m . 
Sat. 1 p .m to 4 p .m . 
Sun 2 p .m . to 11 p.m 

The Lisle Fellowship. Inc .. i n 
ternatlonal programs in human 
re lat ions will be holding in terviews 
Friday. Jan . 23. 2 to 5 p .m .• USB 
4050A 

RepresentatIves from UnIted Aircraft 
R search LaboratOries . General 
Electr ic. Ampex Corporat ion. 
Equitable Life Assurance. Systems. 
SCience and Software . Garrett 
Research. Vista. Hughes Aircraft and 
Brown University w ill be interviewing 
in the Career Placement Center. Bldg . 
250 MC during January . Make an 
appointment . 

The Triton Times is now located in its 
new office in the Northwest Corner of 
Blake Hall on the Revelle campus and 
IS still looking for persons to help out 
in many areas of the newspaper . Drop 
by or phone ext. 1016. Ad salesman . 
work,ng on 15% commiSSion are 
desperately needed . Also needed are 
persons with e)(per i ence in the 
production of a newspaper . especially 
copyread lng and make up . 

cI8 •• ifieds 
8 X 35 foot house trailer, semi-
furn. $150 or best ofter. Call 
273-1373, ext. 57. 

Typing reports , term papers, etc. 
IBM selectric. 279-0398. 

Desired : 
One culinary co-ed connoisseur 
to prepare evening meals for 
two stable but starving medical 
s tudents. For information please 
phone 453-6943 after llpm. 

Need ride from Poway to UCSD 
M-W-TH-F. Have class at 9am. 
J. Hess, 748-3184. 

'66 VW BUS for sale. 2 new 
tires , new engine, excellent run-
ning condition. Make offer. Ext. 
1723 or 753-4170. Ask for Dave. 

WANTED--Campus representa-
tive, unlimited commissions. No 
investment, no paperwork. Write 
to: Miss Barbara Kumble, Col-
lege Bureau Manager, Record 
Club of America, 270 Madison 
Ave., New York, New York, 
10016 


