
tr-to es 

Classes Cancelled 
for Ecology Meet 

Along with the political sanctions on pollution of 
our "concerned" President, Senator Gaylord 
Nelson (O-Wis.) and Congr~ssman Paul McCloskey 
(R-CaUf.) declared that the week of April 22 be 
deemed "Environmental Teach-In Week." In 
compliance with this declaration the San Diego 
collegiate community is planning a whole series of 
events designed to "wet" your awareness about the 
dilemma of the human habitat. 

Kicking off this week of weeks will be a convoca-
tion held at the noon hour on Monday, with classes 
cancelled for it. The keynote speaker will be UCSD 
physics professor Dr. Frank Halpern. Later in the 
day there will be a series of environment "flicks" 
from "The Slow Guillotine" to "Multiply and Subdue 
the Earth." 

Plaza noon hour lecture-discussion periods will be 
held every day of environment week- it is healthy 
discussion which is needed to make this week one of 
communication. 

Wednesday of the week is National Earth Day. As 
part of the activities designed to give one a grass 
roots "feel" for the problem, at San Diego State at 7 
p.m. Sam Hinton, Guy Carawan, Clabe Hangan and 
Brautigan will present in folk sing-in style the flavor 
of life and why, and how, as John Todd, William 
Penn Mott, and A. Earl Davis will say, we can save 
it. Also at State this week there will be speakers 
from within and without the university on all 
aspects of pollution with workshops designed to 
show how many types of pollution are caused and 
what physical means can be employed to halt this 
environmental destruction. 

Thursday night UCSD will present one of the 
country's foremost ecolog1ata, of the same caliber 

Students Question Purpose 
of Naval Electronics Lab 

"My purpose today is not 
recruitment; but education. I 
plan to tell you what the Naval 
Electronics Lab is, and the good 
effects not only for the Navy but 
for the civilian community as 
well." The amount of truth in this 
statement by Capt. Van Orden of 
NEL was the center of discussion 
Tuesday in a confrontation 
between the Navy and 50 UCSO 
students. 

The confrontation occurred in a 
"job seminar" held in USB 2722. 
The seminar was attended by 
approximately 50 students, most 
of whom were less interested in 
employment at NEL than in the 
morality of U.S. involvement in 
Viet Nam. 

Help Detect Viet Coog 

Van Orden, graying and in uni-
form, listed ship navigation sys-
tems (used by the Coast Guard), 
aircraft beacons, and a new eye 

were cancelled here on campus, UCSD students were well 
represented at the march. 

as Paul Ehrlich or Barry Commoner: Dr. Rene 
Dubos, whose book "So Human an Animal " is a 
classic study in the development of man 's po'tential 
to con~ol his environment. Throughout the week 
there will be exhibits and activities as well. Some of 
these include an art gallery garbage room a Muir 
garden exhibit, a population graph in Ur~y Hall 
trips to Torrey Pines (how many have neve~ 
been?), a bird walk Ius others. 
S.rk.. II dst. 

Windows Smashed TIIursday 
Rioting re-erupted Thursday afternoon at Ber-

keley when a religiOUS rally, unrelated to the 
demonstration, in Sproul Plaza was interrupted 
first by leaders of SDS and AS who apparently 
wished to calm the crowd, then by an uniden-
tified group with a portable PA system who urged 
a crowd o~ 1000 to go to the campus adminis-
tration bullding, California Hall. The crowd 
went there, broke several windOWS, and then, 
in reduced numbers, proceeded to Callihan Hall 
(ROTC), the faculty club, and Sproul Hall, break-
ing windows of the latter two. A line of pol-
ice guarded Callihan, but police did not succeed 
in breaking up the group or warding off attacks 
of other buildings until 3:00. Later, rioters 
charged groups of policemen on Sproul Plaza. 
Police retaliated with CS and other tear gas. 
More people have been arrested and beaten, and 
a DAILY CALIFORNlAN reporter said police had 
attacked students without provocation. 

A warrant was issued for Dan Siegel, Ber-
keley AS president, for inciting to riot in a 
speech given at the rally in Sproul Plaza Wed-
nesday. When interviewed by UCB radio station 
KAL, he indicated that his previous statement 
said that "peaceful rallys are neither effective nor 
worthwhile; you need stronger measures." He stat-
ed that such ml?asures would be of the nature of a 

1 

acuity test as NEL contributions 
to civilian society. 

The students countered that 
such devices could also be used in 
Viet Nam for more efficient war-
fare. Byron King of SOS said 
that, "NEL has developed 
coastal detection systems in Viet 
Nam which identify small boats, 
often carrying NLF (Viet Cong) 
into South Viet Nam." 

Van Orden agreed that " NEL 
does work for the Navy, and in so 
far as the Navy participates in 
Viet Nam, we do." 

The students then pressed Van 
Orden for the main work of NEL, 
not "spin~ffs" like the visual 
acuity test. Van Orden defined 
NEL's purpose as "primarily 
oriented to the needs of the U. S. 
Navy. Our purpose is to to im-
prove the communications and 
control systems for Navy ships 
and aircraft." 

The final question addressed tv 
Van Orden was whether he 
personally approved of the Viet 
Nam War. He replied that " I 
have taken an oath to defend the 
U. S. Constitution, and if the 
elected government decides on 
involvement in Viet Nam, I 
support that decision ." The 
students' response to this was 
laughter. 

The Antirecruitment Com-
mittee of SOS organized its op-
position to NEL recruitment with 
a series of leaflets and a "sleep-
in" the night before the 9 a.m. 
dialogue in USB 2722 with Capt. 
Van Orden. 

The leaflets describe NEL's 
purpose as providing "electronic 
hardware for Naval operations 
which directly help the U.S. war 
effort in Indochina, and the 
capacity to intervene militarily 
in the other parts of the world on 
the side of U.S. Corporate in-

terests." They added, "The only 
way we can directly hurt the war 
effort is by cutting off the supply 
of trained personnel that NEL 
and other similar places need. 
Last year the Commandant of the 
Marine Corps said they were 
without 800 Second Lieutenants 
as a result of anti-recruitment on 
many campuses." 

Furthermore, SOS defended its 
attempts to stop recruitment "for 
the war effort" as not being an 
issue of free speech, because 
" this right (of free speech ) is in 
life and death conflict with the 
right of the Vietnamese people to 
live and decide their own 
destiny. " 

For similar reasons , SOS has 
demonstrated against recruit-
ments by General Electric, the 
CIA and the Armed Services this 
school year . Last year , 
demonstrators blocked Captain 
Stout, the Marine Corps recruiter 
from entering the Career 
Planning Office. Several students 
were identified by the ad-
ministration and after a hearing 
were placed on disciplinary 
probation as a result of the 
demonstration. 

A campus-wide referendum by 
the Associated Students last year 
after the Marine recruitment 
incident resulted in a 61 per cent 
approval of an "open recruiting 
policy," as now exists, allowing 
any and all recruiters to hold 
hours in the Career Planning 
Office. 78 per cent voted not to 
end all recruitment. Only 46 per 
cent voted to explore avenues "to 
exclude from the campus some 
recruiters, including those 
representing the military ser-
-.rices . .. " This proposition was 
opposed by 54 per cent of those 
voting. Approximately two thirds 
of the student body voted in the 
referendum. 

UCB Riots Again 
Carl D. Neiburger 

Staff Writer 
A militant demonstration at Berkeley, sponsored by SDS and the 

Student Mobilization Committee, broke into a riot Wednesday af-
ternoon. 

It began with a rally against the Vietnam war and ROTC in Sproul 
Plaza at noon, attended by about 500 people . From there , the 
demonstration moved first to University Hall, the University Ad-
ministration Building, to protest University involvement in nuclear 
weapons research ; then to the ROTC center at Callihan Hall, where 
the trouble began. 

Members of the crowd began throwing water and paint-filled ballons 
at the 35 to 40 university policemen who were standing in front of the 
building. Some policemen circled in back of the crowd to the wooded 
area across from Callihan Hall to try to disperse them. A melee broke 
out between the police and demonstrators in the woods and the police 
began firing tear gas. 

The crowd moved back towards the center of campus, where both 
university and Berkeley City Police met them and continued firing 
tear gas. Sporadic rioting occured during the rest of the afternoon 
unti15 :00. Most of the police stayed at the south end of Sproul Plaza at 
the intersection of Bancroft and Telegraph, wlule a crowd stayed at 
the n?rth end, .around Sather Gate , and charged police lines , 
sometimes throwmg rocks . Several trash can fins were set, and there 
were unsubstantiated rumors of a fire being set in a building. 

A state of emergency was declared by l lerkeley Chancellor 
Roger Heyns at 3:15. 

A report to the Regent s ' meeting in San Francisco Thursday 
in~icated that 2() people have been :l!'rcGtc ~ I du l.ll Cll 1 ~ \:u-
tifled as non-student members of the Weathermen splinter-group 
of SDS; one of them was from Baltimore, the rest were from 
the B~y Area. Nume~ous other persons are being sough on war-
rants lssued on he baSlS of photographic evidence. 

A reporter from the DAILY CALIFOR IAN said of the demon-
stration, "The crowd' s mood was the most militant I' ve ever 
seen. Th se people weren't running from the polie ; they wer e 
charging police lines." 



Third World Representatives Seek 
Special Section In Triton Times ' 
Representatives of Third World students 

proposed last week that they be given an autono-
mous section. consiJting of either four or eight 
pages. in the Friday edition of the TRITON TIMES 
to "express our griefs and feelings on relevant 
issues." In a meeting last Friday with TIMES edi-
tors. this proposal was rejected, but since that time 
an alternative offer has been made by the news-
paper's Executive Board. If the offer is accepted, 
Third World students would produce two four-page 
supplements of a semi-autonomous nature this 
quarter. 

The original proposal was made by five 
representatives who came to the TIMES office In 
Blake Hall with a mimeographed statement. The 
leaflet, entitled simply "proposal," claimed that 
"there has been up to now no effective channel to 
express the plight, needs, and wants of the Third 
World people. which comprises Chicanos, Blacks, 
Latinos, Native Americans. Asians, and those who 
by their social, economic, or political status, are 
second class citizens." 

The proposed section was to be free from any edi-
torial control by the current staff and would, in their 
words, provide "a voice to insure the rights of 
freedom of the press to a people who have not had 
the opportunity to speak out before." 

In rejecting the specific proposal of the minority 
representatives TRITON TIMES Editor-in-Chief 
Steve Landau said that the staff recognized the need 
to sensitize the newspaper to the needs of the Third 
World community. However , it was against TIMES 
policy to give complete control over part of the 
newspaper to any particular group. "The TIMES 
has tried, in its basic news and feature coverage, to 
insure that the viewpoint of the writer does not 
come through in the story, thereby increasing 
credibility." he said. 

The editors claimed that the current output. 
limited to 16 pages a week, was barely sufficient, 
and that a minimal operating budget would not 
allow them to expand. They invited Third World 
students to participate in the newspaper as a whole 
by joining the staff or contributing regularly . 

The minority representatives, however, felt that 
little of interest or relevance to their communities, 
on campus or off, ever appeared in the TRITON 
TIMES. Since the TIM}!;s is largely a student-
supported newspaper (some funds come from self-
generated advertising), they felt they .were entitled 
to space in the paper. 

Their proposal referred to the "neglect of Third 
World problems and aspirations," and asserted that 
this could be overcome by the Third World students 

. themselves. " When a people is denied a voice to 
speak up for itself, then that people must secure it." 
Thus, they preferred having control over an autono-
mous section-with its own masthead and staff 
-and mentioned the possibility of setting up their 
own newspaper next · year, perhaps under the 
auspices of Third ·College. 

The TIMES' offer came after an Executive Board 
meeting Tuesday at which nearly a dozen Third 
World representatives presented further 
clarifications of their position. A written statement 
was released Wednesday by the TIMES Executive 

.editors summarizing their position. 
The two proposed supplements would be coordi-

nated by a Contributing EdItor, a person with 
journalistic experience to be named by the Third 
World group. He would be a full-fledged editor and 
would be expected to contribute articles to the 
newspaper on a regular basis. 

However, the TIMES was not willing to grant 
complete autonomy to this section, for they felt that 
they bore ultimate authority for its content. 

Their reply read as follows: "We do not intend to 
decide what news is important to you nor to censor 
your viewpoints. We feel, however, that we must 
insure that certain journalistic standards are main-
tained. We say this not to dispute your intentions or 
integrity, but as a statement of fact that, as 
publishers, we bear responsibility to the community 
and the Communications Board for jiving your 
views a forum. Therefore, we must have the right to 
consult with you to prevent any violations of the 
standards of libel, false accusations, or 
misrepresentation." 

Nixon Walls Off Dissenting Voices; 
Regents Disapproye Naming Malcolm X 

WASHINGTON, D.C. - (CPS-LNS) - President 
Nixon must be getting very uptight about the 
protest movement, or maybe he 's just looking 
ahead to 1972. 1\ new bill, supported by Nixon and 
introduced by Senators Hruska and Eastland, would 
make it illegal " to utter loud, threatening or 
abusive language" or engage in "disorderly con-
duct" in or near a building which has the president 
inside it. Apparently, the demonstration at the 
lighting of the national Christmas tree would not be 
covered, as it was not in or near a building. The 
Washington Office of the American Civil Liberties 
Union has issued a statement denouncing the new 
bill, charging the administration with seeking a way 
to· be "walled off from the voices of dissent and 
unhappiness in our society. " Hruska, by the way, 
has led the fights in favor of Supreme Court con-
tenders Haynsworth and Carswell . 

SPRINGFIELD, Ill. - ( CPS) - The Board of 
Regents, by a vote of 6-0, supported Illinois State 
University President Samuel E . Braden in his 

recommendation not to approve the name of 
Malcolm X for the University Union at the 
Bloomington-Normal campus. 

The name of Malcolm X had been suggested for 
the Union by four campus groups, the University 
(Faculty) Council, Student Senate, Union Board. 
and Task Force on Intergroup Relations. President 
Braden. in his position disapproving the recom-
mendation by those groups, said he felt the message 
of Malcolm X "seems to emphasize our differences 
and therefore is inappropriate to the university as a 
community. Furthermore, to do otherwise would be 
to lose my effective ability to direct either the 
campus or the off<ampus communities toward the 
goal of racial equity and reconciliation." 

At the same time. President Braden reaffirmed 
his previous statement that ISU should be free to 
name buildings for blacks and that "we should 
direct our attention to the campus conditions that 
are conducive to the successful education of all 
students, black and white." 

r-----------------~ 
the 33 COME 'SEA HAW AU' UCSD PRESENTS ••• Member 

San Diego Symphony 
Cbamber Orch.stra 

S269 - 2 W •• ks - 5 1.land. -
All Airlare - Your Own Car 

Bleh-- BrandenburgC oncerto No.2 in F. 
Blrtok -- Divertimento for strings. 

INTERM:SSION 
Hinson, Howafd- Seranade for Flute, 

Harp, & Strings , Opus 35. 
Haydn-- Cello Concerto in D. 
Rltllpithi-- The Birds (Gli Uccelli) 

2-Day Voyage on Schooner 

l.CSO Gvm April 26 Sun . eve. 7:30 
500 Dr ess CIrc le S12.50 each Fidelity Union-

Life Insurance Co. 
2 ' Q~ ·C':! :J . "d m. SZ - - Patr on $1.50 · - ASCCSiJ : 1 ~ 

Also Igor Kipnis , harpsichordist, appears at 
She r WOorl l1all on May 9th at 8:30 p.m. 

T;C KETS \ \' AILABLE 
NOW .H .{;(SD CE:-;TRAl. BOX Of FICE , CREY HA LL 

~_r J II3Y . PH'):" E FlFSEH \,ATIIJ:\S .. \ CC EPTEO AT : 
453-1151. 

'.11 2 Tfit .. T.... A,fil 11, 1171 

ColI'glM Ister 
HolidlY Inn 

SUITE 100 
LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 
453-1853 or 
279-6878, 272-05 8 

Don CI.mln - Mont. Evins 

PaDtben Sue LAPD aDd Otben 

The Black Panthers hove filed a $10 million lawsuit in a 
federal court, charging the Los Angeles Police Department 
with unconstitutionally harassing members of the Blaclt 
Panther Party. and depriving members of their constitutional 
rights. The class-action suit also names Mayor Sam Yorty, 
Police Chief Edward Davis, District Attorney Evelle Younger, 
Sheriff Peter Pitchess, police commissioners and the city 
council. 

In addition to $5 million punitive damages and $5 million 
general damages, the suit aslts that .-

(1) the police department and all others acting in concert 
with them be enjoined from harassing Panthers and from 
depriving Panthers of their constitutional rights; 

(2) the police chief and district attorney investigate and 
prosecute those officers who have violated the civil, personal 
and property rights of the Panthers ; 

(3) that the police department investigate its officers in 
order to determine those prejudiced'against the Panthers, and 
dismiss or transfer all officers "psychologically unfit ·for 
service in neighborhoods where the plaintiff resides." 
U. S. to Deport Draft Dodger 

Thomas Glenn Jolley, 26, has been ordered to leave the U. S. 
by the Board of Immigration. Jolley had left the U. S . in 1967, 
going to Canada to avoid the draft. He there abandoned his 
U. S. citizenship, and established residency in Canada, 
although he did not adopt Canadian citizenship. In a 4-to-1 
decision, the Board of Immigration Appeals has ruled that 
Jolley is an alien who voluntarily chose to give up his citizen-
ship. Jolley has been gi yen 90 days to leave the U. S. 

$10 Million Willed to UC 

Beatrice Clayton Robbins has bequeathed $10 million to UC 
Berkeley, to be used for the expansion of a library of religious 
law. Her will specified that the money was to go into a fund set 
up by her late husband at UC's Boolt Hall. This gift is the 
largest single donation in the l02-year history of the UC 
system. 

SausaUto Ex-Madam Runs for City CoUDcD 

With the support of the local women's club, ex-madam Sally 
Stanford is running for the Sausalito City Council. The former 
operator of one of the best-Itnown bordellos in San Francisco 
Miss Stanford intends to "expose the financial mismanage: 
ment." Sally, now 65, announces, "There's been a general 
breakdown in morals. Pot is the first step toward degrada-
tion." She further stated that " the sexual revolution has gone 
too far ." 

1% State Colleges Admit Students to AcademJc Senates 

Contrary to the goings-on in the Academic Senates of UC 
students have been admitted to the AS bodies of 12 stat; 
colleges. Traditionally, faculty and top administrators have 
constituted the AS groups on the campuses, the AS being the 
grou~ that decides many academic matters, including 
curriculum, campus planning, and academic planniflg. 

Of these colleges, Sonoma State has alloted 14 seats out of a 
total 55 to students; Cal State Hayward, 7 of 45; San Jose State, 
8 of 54; and Cal State L.A., 5 of 50. 

ON STAGE! -NOW ~YING 

THE PHYSICISTS 
t"lernot ionol intrigufl' omon9 nu-
clear physic.ilh In this compell ing 
,uspe"s" thriH. r . . . Jordonic wit and 
biting humor al Ih,ee fam.d sci.n-
l ish 0" poti."!> 01 0 privote o.ylum 
• , • ore the..,. IIUO".? 

I 
, 

.&1' 

~tlldents $ 1,50 
tIIc. set. nit, 

" ~~ 1 " ec rf , •• • VI" " .. "" . , J . ' . .. i 
.s ' 0 1,;! ' J , . $." , h .'.1 

, -. . .., "'O\. II I (~· ' \- I(rp l li " "' ': : -:-' '''':; 
II ' f"I .ru I'" M H .t" 8., .. 0 ' S.,., \\ 0 " 41 
J :~: ,~ ~~ . ~ ;..,. N !I " ' ~ ,. l .. .. ... ,. ' ", '''o, .. .., .. 0·',. 
1 ~ ~,_ ' '' ' \1 ( - I, . t~ t I' ,,, N 1 ._( ' .' , ~ . 'fI ....... ,.. .. , .... , ,.~ .... " •. ., .. ,. 

olb globe tbcatrt --

-

AS Drafts New Constitution, 
'I Commissioner "an Adopted 

Winners 01 the Gu",nhelm Fellowship we .. (from left to right') : Dr. Crown" Dr. Fahey, Dr . McGuire, Dr . Will ia ms, 
and Dr. Wright . Photographs 01 Dr . 8aron and Dr . 8.ckUS were unavailable. 

GuggenheimAwards Claimed 
Chris Ellen Bibb 

Staff Writer 
for Third College. 

Seven UCSD educators were included in the list of 
Fellowship awards announced for 1970 by the John 
Simon Guggenheim Memorial Foundation. Out of 
2,313 applicants, 286 were chosen by the selection 
committee, representing 81 universities. The seven 
winners place UCSD sixth in the number of awards 
going to one university, with Berkeley in first place 
with 23, and UCLA third with 10. 

"Achievement, Promise" Bring Awards 

According to the Guggenheim Foundation, " the 
Fellowships were granted on the basis of demon-
strated achievement in the past and strong promise 
for the future both to younger and older appli-
cants." The UCSD recipients reflect the variety of 
areas in which Fellowships are awarded, ranging 
from history and literature to physical biochem-
is try, psychology and geophysics. 

Dr. Samuel Baron received his award for his work 
on the Weber thesis and the failure of capitalist 
development in early modern Russia. Now teaching 
Russian history, Dr. Baron was the first chairman 
of the Department of History. He came to UCSD 
from the chairmanship of the History Department 
at Grinnell College, following doctoral work at 
Columbia and post-{)octoral East Asian studies at 
Harvard. 

For his work on medieval Welsh language and 
literature Dr. David Crowne was also given a 
Fellowship. Dr. Crowne came to UCSD's Literature 
Department a year after completing his doctoral 
work at Harvard in 1963. He was a consultant to the 
Second College Committee on the Cultural Tradi-
tions requirement, and also on the Planning Faculty 

A Fellowship in the area of physical biochemistry 
was awarded to Dr. Robert C. Fahey of the 
Department of Chemistry. Much of Dr. Fahey's 
doctoral work at the University of Chicago and after 
joining the UCSD faculty in 1963 has been in 
research in addition reactions to oletins . 

Dr. William J'. McGuire's Guggenheim Fellow-
ship follows a Fulbright Scholarship, a Fellowship 
from the Center for Advanced Study in Behavioral 
Sciences, and an SSRC Postdoctoral Fellowship. 
The Guggenheim award came for theoretical and 
experimental studies in social psychology. 

Three Prior Recipients Get Awards 

Three of the awards went to recipients of prior 
years. Dr. George Backus won his first Guggenheim 
Fellowship while in his third year of teaching at UC-
SD's Institute of Geophysics and Planetary Physics 
in 1963. A wide range of interests has taken him 
from the Princeton faculty where he was a physi-
cist, to the MIT Mathematics Department, to the 
UCSD Department of Earth Sciences. This latest 
award is for studies of geophysical inverse prob-
lems. 

Predoctoral Fellowships were awarded Dr. For-
man A. Williams in 1955 from both the Guggenheim 
Memorial Foundation and the National Science 
Foundation. The 1970 award comes to him as a 
Professor of Aerospace Engineering in the AMES 
Department, for work in flame theory. 

Narrative management in English prose fiction 
was the subject of Dr. Andrew Wright's second 
Guggenheim Fellowship. His first. in 1961-62, 
followed a Fulbright Fellowship in 1951-52 and a 
Fulbright Senior Research Fellowship in 1960-61, 
both to University College, London. 

free University in San Diego Commences, 
All to 'Share in T eaclting and Learning 

" We are poised to begin 
teaching relevant and irrelevant 
courses," said George Lewbel of 
his growing San Diego free uni-
versity. Modeled after Berkeley's 
free university, the San Diego 
version has courses added to its 
curriculum almost daily and is 
offering a catalogue on Revelle 
Plaza daily. 

Currently without funds, 
Lewbel and several other area 
organizers will ask participants 
for a $5 fee that will allow Free 
University of San Diego students 
to take any number of courses 
offered. 

These courses will be taught 
without credit at San Diego 
homes and garages until enough 
students enroll to allow the 
organizers to rent facilities . 

" The concept of a free 
university," said Lewbel, "is that 
no restrictions are placed on 
either teacher or student (often 
there is no distinction between 
the two) , Anyone may take any 
number of courses to be offered. 
The FUSD will draw heavily on 
the outside community for 
teachers and students though 

• WH~T -GAN AN 
INj)IVIDUAl DO FOR 

SOClm? 
Christian Science Org. 

Monday eve. 7:00 
Informal Lounge 

currently most of our instructors 
are related to UCSD in some 
way." 

The courses below will be of-
fered this ~pring andl or summer 
depending upon enrollments . 
Current course listing: 
( 1) Breadmaking 
(2) Natural Gardening 
(3) Intertidal ecology 
(4) Natural Childbirth 
(5) Building gliders and kites 
(6) Sculpture in metal and 

plastics 
(7) Candlemaking 
(8) Calligraphy 
(9) Card-weaving 
(10) Concepts of photography 
(11) Short-story writing work-

shop 
(12) Volkswagon Bus repair 

(13) Underwater photography 
(14) British Motorcycle repair 
(15) Projects in fiberglass 

structures 
(16) Field marine biology 
(17) Street first aid 
(I8) Jung, Mysticism gnd 

problems in 20th-Century 
Philosophy and literature 

(19) Beginning 5-string Banjo 
(20) Ecology of Del Mar Mesa 
(21) Abortio~ in California 
(22) Frame weaving 
(23) Leatherworking 
(24) Camus or Sartre seminar 
(25) Silk Screen Techniques. 

For more information call: 
George or Lynn Lewbel 755-2034 

Bruce Porter 459-6867 ( everiings ) 
Jo Wolfson 755-8195 or 453-EDNA 

San FranCIScO San Jose 
Oa d . Sacramen 0, Los 

geles Hollywood 
Burbank. and Ontario 

So go From San Diego 
Call you r campus r r> 

ravel agent or P$ A 
gIveS you liNt .. 

Roger Sbowley 
News Editor 

The third constitution for the Associated Students of UCSD in its 6-
year history was unveiled Wednesday at an AS Senate m~eting, and 
sent on to a "constitutional convention" to be held next Weiinesday at 
5 p.m. in USB 2622. 

Students were invited by AS President Jeff Benjamin to make 
specific reconunendations for the new document. Changes will follow 
and the consitution will be submitted for approval, along with the 
candidates for the newly proposed offices in the mid-May elections . 

(See page 7 of today 's TRITON TIMES for the full text of the 
proposed constitution.) 

As described by Benjamin, Vice-President Mike Palcic, Upper 
Division Senator Jim Magill, and Revelle Senator B.ruce Morden, who 
collectively drafted the document, the AS Senate WIll be restructured 
into a "commission" system of eight positions, half of which would be 
elected by the undergraduates and half appointed by the AS President 
with the consent of the ASUCSD "Council." 

Each college would send a voting representative to the Council , 
chosen according to the desires of the college governing body. These 
representatives, Benjamin explained, would serve as liaisons with the 
AS and report back to their respective colleges . 

Judicial Board Eliminated 

A major change in the AS structure is the virtual elimination of the 
AS Judicial Board a traditional organ in most student governments 
designed to deal with disciplinary cases and constitutional p.rob~e~ . 
While a judicial board can be set up later under the new constitutIOn. It 
would be jointly established with the colleges "as warranted by the 
needs of the student body and subject to jurisdictional claims . ,. 

The seven-page document follows fairly closely the concepts in-
cluded in the Constitution of 1966, including provisions for referen-
dums, recalls. voting procedures, etc. . . 

Minor changes, based on four years of experience, pro~lde for close 
accounting of AS expenditures, which would be reqUIred to pass 
through committee (if $50 or more ) before submission to the AS 
Council (ASC). 
4 Elected, 4 Appointed 

The most radical change in the structure of the AS governing body is 
the commissioner system. As President Benjamin put it, students 
would be elected to do a certain job, " and if they weren 't interested in 
doing that job, they wouldn 't run." 

Elected posts, as described in the new AS bylaws. are : 
Community Service Commissioner 
Academic Affairs Commissioner 
Student Welfare Commissioner 
External Affairs Commissioner. 
Four positions on the ASC would be appointive and subject to ap-

proval by the elected Council members, but enjoy full-voting status : 
program board chairman, enterprises commissioner (handling AS 
food service operations), pubUc relations director, and administrative 
coordinator. 

New offices could be established under the new constitution, but 
they would be non-voting. 

One of thlil innovative characteristics of the governing system would 
be the procedure for removing elected commissioners from office. 

In May's elections, tentatively set for May 11-15, all newly proposed 
AS and college elected posts will go up for bid. Alt~gether . the n~~r 
of vacant seats will be 24: 6 AS, 8 Revelle, 10 Mmr. The ConstitutIOn 
will be up for approval at the same time, a two-thirds majority of those 
voting being necessary. 

CAL JET CHARTERS 
"DOli" be milleel .. ,. lo_r prien - ~I,. with _r .. "able chart ........ ,. 
Imrelt..-te first. Do,,' be cancelled out at the ","t minute ... 
ALL FLIGHTS VtA TRANS INTERNATtONAL AIRWAYS OR 
SATURN AIRWAYS DC-a SUPER.JETS WITH COMPLIMENTARY 
MEALS AND B.VERAGU. 

Flights Available. of Jan. 1,1970 
SUMMER ~LIGHTS 

No • • J2 - LOS ANGELES/AMSTERDAM (Round trip) 
JUNE U-AUGUST H ......... . . . .... . . . .... 12" 

No. 533 - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (Round trip) 
JUNE t4-SEPT. ' •••.•.•.•• • • .• ...• • • • .• •• • IZ" 

No. SJ4 - LOS ANG.LES/LONDON (Round trip) 
JUNE II-SEPTEMBER 7 .•••••• • •.•• • ..• ..• .• 1211 

No. ~OOO - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (Round trlPI 
JUNE II-SEPTEMBER 7 ••••• • ••• •• .•.. •• .•• • 1211 

No. I:II-OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (Round trip) 
JUNE I1-SEPTEM8ER 11 ••••••....•.. .. .. . .. IZI' 

No. IU - NEW YORK/LONDON (Round trip) 
JUNE U-SEPTEMBER. . .•. . . . ... . ...•. . . .•. $'" 

No. 137 - LOS ANGELES/AMSTERDAM (Ra .. lld trip) 
JUNE 30-SEPTEMBER 2 . •.... .•. .. • ..... • . .. $211 

No. 531 - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (Ro .. nd t,ll» 
JUNE U-AUGUST 24 ..•.••. •.•• ..• • • . . •.••• 1211 

Na. 4001 - DAKLAND/LONDON/AMSTERDAM/OAKLAND 
JUNE 1I-SEPTEMBER 21 • • • .• • • •. ••• . ••• ••.• 1211 

fto. 400~ - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (Round trlPI 
JULY 2- AUGUST 10 ••• • •••••. . • • . • • ••• . . ... 1291 

No. 541 - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (Round trip) 
JULY 4-AUGUST II ••••••••• ' .•. •. • •• •. .. ... $2" 

No. 4003 - DAKLAND/LAJAMSTERDAM (Ro .. nd trip) 
JULY II-AUGUST 27 •••••• • _ • .. . ..•... . .. .. . Utl 

No. 4004 - ONE WAY - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM 
JUNE 2:1 ••••••••••• • • .••• • . , • . •.. •• •. •.. $1" 

SPECIALII INTER.£UROPE STUDENT 
CHARTER FLIGHTS 

In cOnjunctiOIl wit" Cal .Ie' "1""1$ tilted .b ... e. a' hnl •• tlo,.II,. 
reCl .. eed r"e •• StuClent e ......... ta InClla . Tuncsla (North Africal , 
Ila .. Alrka. Turkey. Greece. R .... I • • Malt ••• nd t.rae. (Tel AvIY, 
.ISO .nlt ... le .t redu.:ecI notn. ! 
CALL OR W1UTE NOW "Oft "UIITH". I .. ". .... Of 00" 
A,"",-ICATtONI 

WRITE: Cal .hrt Chamn 
" 2150 G..-, St. or 

San Francisco. Ca. 94123 

PHONE: (4151922-1434 
(After 6 and 
weekends) I"""t. Ope" 01llY to __ h. 'acutty. lUff ..... _""y_ 

alllll tlMlr ........... ,."' ....... ttle UII ... Calt,. 
CH'UITIlRS TO JA,. • AUsTRALI" "I'IIICA ALSD AVAILA ... 



A PI~a to the Pope • What About the 'P'·Pill? 
(Editor's Nott: To our knowlege, Katsumi, Undberg, 

Anderson, and Miss Sullivan are ficticious, as is the 
second reference. Mazia, Keberle, and the first reference 
are real, their names being used only for satiric purpose. 
We do not know the name of the author but believe him or 
her to be at the Scripps Institute. As to the theory, the 
TRITON TIMES has no opinion on its validity). 

To: His Holiness the Pope, 
Vatican City, Italy. 

Your Holiness, 
Please excuse this direct approach, coming as it does 

from a humble Catholic laywoman. I feel that I have to put 
the matter of the " P" pill to you at once, plainly and 
frankly, before people get all stirred up about it and start 
taking sides. The attitude of the Church is terribly im-
portant in such matters, and it would be dreadful if official 
policies were to be formed and crystallized and con-
solidated before all the implications of the discovery could 
be considered . And so, while the idea is still relatively 
new, and so few people know about it, I am taking the 
liberty of asking you for guidance from the Holy See itself. 
I trust you will understand my anxiety and forgive me for 
writing you directly . 

I have to start at the beginning of the business, and may 
go into technicalities . If, in your piety, you do not have the 
scientific background to understand them at first, I am 
sure that you can consult specialists who wiJI make it all 
clear to you. So I shall not spare you technical details 
except when they are irrelevant ; otherwise I shall tell you 
all I know about the subject. I have been a laboratory 
technician for nearly twenty years now, so I think I can 
say, in all humility, that I really understand most of what 
there is to know on the practical side of the subject. Ac-
tually, it isn't complicated at all really; it's frighteningly 
simple. 

Back in the 1930's, there were any number of people 
working on the effects of colchicine, studying its effect on 
mitosis, which it inhibits apparently by interfering with 
the spindle behavior. Cells treated with colchicine start to 
divide, the chromosomes split, they line up on the 
equatorial plate, and then something goes wrong : the cell 
stops dividing and goes back into interphase again, with 
double the usual number of chromosomes. In fact, that 's 
how many tetraploid races of cultivated plants are ob-
tained. More recently , Mazia and his students at Berkeley 
have found that 2-mercapto-€thanol interferes with 
spindles, too, though in a rather different manner about 
which they still aren't sure. (They think it's something to 
do with sulphydryl bonds and sol-gel conversions. ) Well , 
so much for the chemicals involved. 

"All he had to do was to add the 

colchine and 2-ME mixture to the 
drinking water of unmated 

females ... " 

Now , over the past fifteen years or so, while I've been 
working with Katsumi and Lindberg - first in 
Washington, then for a year at the Karolinska Institute, 
and now here at Rockefeller - we 've been trying out 
these things on sea-urchin eggs. The usual procedure has 
been to fertilize the eggs, and then test a variety of con-
centrations of various agents under various conditions on 
the first few mitotic divisions of the egg before it develops 
into a blastula. After the Lindbergs settled here in New 
York and started going to Woods Hole every summer, 
they tried a few other invertebrates , too and even some 
frog-spawn shipped up from North Carolina, but the 
results were all much the same. This didn 't stop them 
from publishing, of course, since luckily the details of 
concentrations and optimum pH values differed from one 
organism to the next. 

Then we got a high school student to help us one sum-

G ~ "'.-'i 

mer, and one morning he added one of the mixtures to sea-
urchin eggs that had not been fertWzed. I think the boy 
had simply forgotten to add the spenn first, but he said he 
did it just to see what would happen. Well, between five 
and ten percent of the eggs started to cleave! When 
Undberg heard about It, he (or It may have been Mrs. 
Undberg; I forgot now, since it happened three swruners 
ago) changed the proportions of colchicine and 2-ME, and 
this raised the cleavage rate to almost 50 per cent. When 
Katsurni got back from Heidelberg that fall, he had only a 
week at Woods Hole before starting in again with Keberle 
in New York ; so he natually switched over to mice from 
the Medical School colony there. And the mice did the 
same thing ! All he had to do was to add the colchicine and 
2-ME mixture to the drinking water of unmated females , 
and if they were in heat at the time, they just got 
pregnant - at least, a high percentage of the cases did . 
When they littered, all the young were females , of course; 
and they were all identical with one another and with the 
mother, because the genotype hadn't changed. They were 
just as fertile . too. In fact, up till now we have raised some 
18 generations, without beuefit of a male of any sort, poor 
thing. 

"1 tried with some of the 2-ME 

mixture in her coffee ... , and she 

hardly noticed anything except a 
stale taste; then I gaVtl her a 
bigger dose ... " 

Then Lindberg showed me how to remove uteri and 
wash out eggs at various stages, and I started one of the 
most boring and tedious parts of my job in my life . It was 
terribly frustrating. Much of the time the ' timing was 
wrong and I found nothing, or the eggs got lost among all 
the mucus and epithelial cells and stuff. But slowly we 
began to build up a collection of eggs at different stages, 
fixed and stained nicely so that Lindberg, when he got 
time off from teaching and committees, could study them 
carefully with his phase-eontrast microscope. He found 
they had behaved just like the sea-urchin eggs. The details 
were published in four papers in Experimental Cell 
Research last year, and two more are still in press. They 
are all by Katsurni and one or both of the Lindbergs, and 
they included me in the authorship of the mouse egg 
studies (2) as they used to do in the 1950's when we were 
studying muscle fibers. (Maybe this isn't worth men-
tioning.) 

Well, about that time my father died, and my sister 
came over from Connemara. (Mother had died in 1942, in 
one of the raids on Manchester .) Poor soul, Ellen has 
always been so cross-€yed that everybody Is always sorry 
for her. But nobody does ·any Christian thing to help her; 
all her life she has been lonelier than any soul had ought to 
be on this earth. So last fall I tried with some of the 2-ME 
mixture in her coffee, two mornings in a row, and she 
hardly noticed anything except a stale taste ; then I gave 
her a bigger dose , about 400 times what we give to our 
mice-and it worked! Ellen's a good woman, I need 
hardly assure your Holiness , and she has always been 
quite a model of virtue, and what with being more plain 
than most girls even when she was young. But she has 
missed six months now and it's beginning to show. So I 
had to tell Katsumi about it. And that's when he started 
planning on the " P" pill, as the Lindbergs promptly called 
it. 

And that 's when I got worried. They all talk about It at 
every coffee-break in the la b now. They say that meiosis is 
suppressed and the polar bodies are just resorbed into the 
egg nucleus, so that it becomes diploid again . They think 
that implantation is normal, at least in mice ; so why not in 
other animals? Lindberg, with Anderson, whom he used to 
work with in Stockholm, has taken out a patent. He is 

going to discuss It with somebody in Dairy Science at the 
Department of Agriculture in Washington at the begin-
ning of next week, If be can get aomeone here to take over 

. his anatomy clua. But they don't talk cattle all tbe Ume. 
They say that nuns needn't frustrate their maternal in-
stincts any more, although tbey don't have to break their 
ChrIstian vows of chastity either. They say too, that all 
sorts of women who want children can have them without 
sinning, whether they happen to be married or not, 
because there are no laws against such pilla. Katsurn! has 
made up the first batch of tablets, in three strengths, and 
he plans to give them away free after high school 
graduation this coming JWle. 

1I ••• nuns nlllldn't frustr.t, their 

maternal instincts an, mors ... " 

Your Holiness, I don't know what to think; that's why I 
am writing you. I'm involved in this business; in fact, I 
helped discover it. I know there is no sin in Virgin birth, 
since Mary, Mother of God, was the purest and holiest 
mother we ever had in the human race. But she didn't take 
any pills, I suppose; probably there were no pills of any 
kind invented when she lived. Even so, I've been won-
dering about all the mercap1o-€thanol that occurs 
naturally in garlic, which people eat so much in 
Mediterranean countries; and I've looked up Colchicum 
autumnale and found that it, like garlic, grows along the 
seashore in North Africa and Asia Minor, I don't know 
what to think now. I don't know where to turn . Father 
Gentili and Father O'Hara won't hear me at Confession 
any more , since I became pregnant a few weeks after 
Ellen did. They call me a liar and a mortal sinner; in fact, 
they won't let me into St. Mary's at all until I confess to 
one of them outside. But I've done nothing wrong, so what 
could I confess? 

"Is th, Church going to appro"e 

of these pi//s and let us a/l get 

in trouble?" 

I started this letter objectively, hoping to keep my 
personal involvements out of it , but I got carried away. I 
think you will Wlderstand. Believe me, your Holiness , I've 
been a good and virtuous woman these forty-three years, 
and this is the first serioUli trouble I've gotten into. And 
now, what whall I do ? What are we all going to do? Is the 
Church going to approve of these pills and let UlI all get in 
trouble? Or are Christian children going to be conceived 
only in sin, as before? I don't know which is worse! We 
need your guidance. Please decide something and let me 
know as early as you can. My time is getting short, the 
Undberg girls Elsa and Karen (home from Swarthmore 
for the vacations) can't keep their breakfasts down this 
week, and school will soon be out. 

I hope I have done the right thing in writing all this, and 
I hope you can reply soon. 

Respectfully yours in piety, 
Mary Sullivan (Miss ) 

(1) Keberle, H. et al. 1965. Biochemical effects of drugs on 
the mammalian conception. Annals N. Y. Acad. Sci. 123, 
252 

(2) Katsumi , M., Lindberg, D., Lindberg, L.-M. and 
Sullivan , M. 1965. Suppression of meiosis and restitution 
nuclei in mOUlie and hamster oocytes by colchicine and 
2-ME. Exper. Cell Res. 28, 467-481. 

triton tilDes 
10lTOtt ' ''4 e M'''' "ONE OF THE 

YEAR'SIO 
BEST FILMS!" 

DIP' snGARDE VM ESSA REDGR~VE 

~---------- .. -tturope.gl$ ~ , ~ ~ ! 
- er rOD.VS 'Ow -('JE 
-NY DAlt'" NF "'5 
-REX ~EED HC lI1M 

RAt PH RICHAR~SON MAGGIE SMITH 
:AI fNCF \ ER JOHN MILLS 

'nH'~ GHGUD SUSANN4H YORK 
OBI 
WHAT A 
J.OV&YWAR 
'UCM'UID AfTlNaOIlOUGM m, 

.. 

.....1111 ..... ~----1 FUOIE ARTS 
'8111 n ARNET STREET ?14 .000 ~----... 

, ••• 4 Triton T... A,ril 11. 1170 

, - ! :?~ 
, ONE WAY FROM $135 f :u

ll 
.-!l'J 0-

~ Jet Charter Flights ~ j L: 
r Sum~~~g Fall ~ .::., - f i 
: Phone 14151 832· 2902 ~~ ; ~ ~ 
, For Schedules call or write ... ' I ~ ~ t £ ~. ~ L:.h ... " ' o,~ tl ar~ oopn to \"J<1"ol \ ~ acu lty . Sta1f EI'lr.'-"p.. z. ~ ~ " :g :F . ana I~"" ,~"'.dI 4l p fanill 1.1 .. " < - ~ 

....... .............. ~Ph= .... _-_ ................ I 

, ,......, ... . ter 

.. "hI.", H' _" ' lm 

8 , 11 #11.091\1 

. 1(h H. ·..., Icfl 
J ,tl f"f'1t 

The TRITON TIMES Is ofl lcl ~ ly rKogn lled and 
SUpporfe<f a ,. .tvat" , n.W$p.~ by '"t 
Commun icat ion. 80trd of the Unl W'en lty of C. II 
forn '. , S.n 0 1190, Build ing ~50. Mjitr"ews 
C.mpUI , L. JOIII , C.llforn l • • t2017 Publication 
11 'wk . wH __ ly on T v.sa.VI 1M FrICl.VI 
throug" J une $, 1970. Otf ICt1 art loe.ted In room 
117. I lake Hall , on the Ittv,l l, C.mpul. FOf' 
Ad .... trtl. ln9 phon. 4U·2000. XlO l1/ tor edltor l. 1 
or "'WI phone X lOl' 

A Little Too 
Mudt Tal 

Larry JObuOD 
Arts Writer 

I mUlit confess to a few pre-
judices, or at least dislikes, and 
one of them concerns plays which 
tell their message rather than 
show their message. We should, 
in my own estimaUon, be able to 
get the point from the action, 
rather than have the characters 
explain things to us. Of course 
talk can be a legitimate part of 
the acUon, as in "Slow Dance on 
the Killing Ground" (well done 
recently at the Globe). Duerren-
matt's "The Physicists" now 
playing at the Globe has some 
things to recommend it, and it 
has some good moments , but on 
the whole it gets tedious with all 
the talk and theorizing in act IT, 
explaining the playwright's ideas 
to us at great length . 

The plot concerns a genius who 
has discovered physical princi-
ples which could destroy the 
world if knowledge of them fell 
into the wrong hands. To avoid 
that, he pretends to be insane, 
taking refuge in an insane 
asylum where he is joined by a 
couple of other prima facie nuts 
who think they are Newton and 
Einstein. The play brings up 
questions about what is really 
sane, what is the proper role of 
the scientist, and whether sci-
entists should attempt to hide 
some knowledge types . There are 
some good moments of black and 
non-black humor. 

Jonathan Dunn-Rankin, a 
familiar on the local scene, did a 
fine job in his interpretation of 
the physicist Mobius , and had 
generally good support from a 
group of talented semi-
professional actors. Pamela 
Bronk was convincing as nurse 
Monika, and Walter Starr was 
delightful as the world-weary 
Inspector. A fine moment of 
stage business was provided by a 
corps of muscular male nurses, 
including Russ Washington, 
defensive tackle for the 
Chargers. The sets and costumes 
were all appropriate . The 
director might have snapped the 
lagging pace up a bit. 

" An Enemy of the People" is 
the next Globe offering. The lb-
sen play, though dating from the 
last century, is of compelling 
modern interest, telling of a con-
flict based on the economic in-
terest of the masses which 
required that news of environ-
mental pollution be surpressed. 
.-_________ APRIL1 

ROBERT 

S~R.DAy 
MI~ 

.~' 
NO MORE 
EXCUSES 

'. '. ' r 
,_ .. . ' , ' 

, .' .j ...... "" " 
j" .1" " • " '" ..... ". I c' I~ "" ..... \ 
1 ~ I" ''- A •• , ,...., ".,) 1'" " 

u rI' 
\,I\OlP ·'''''0 

!loinit' 
Gn rn t' 

~,~~'IffI'_\4_ 
.~~·_cMJ 
" tWi., hu'I.. •• t"I..Mt • :.~ ... 
hr._<01 .......... __ ClJ"'''' 

Liszt Returns 
Paul Hamburg 

Arts Writer 

It 's getting to the point that It is impossible for me to hear a per-
formance of a composition by Franz Uszt no matter how well per-
formed . At least it's impossible to be serious about it. On Sunday 
evening I was subjected to another performance of a Uszt Hungarian 
Rhapsodie . If the saying is ever true It is true now - if you've heard 
one, you 've heard them all. What liszt had going for him in technical 
ability he totally lacked in musicality . This is to say nothing 
derogatory about Nelson Freire, the pianist who gave Sunday night 's 
recital. He did the best he could. It's just that I can 't stand Liszt. 

Sunday evening was Freire 's West Coast debut. He appeared for the 
most part in fine form. After a sllghUy shaky first movement, Freire 
gave us an elegant performance of the Mozart " Rondo aIla Turca" 
Sonata. His style was full of grace and finesse, with perhaps a bit too 
much contrast in dynamics · for some tastes. 

Freire showed a (me aptitude for Schumann. His reading of the 
"C8rnaval," OpUli 9, contained much romantic brio and fire . His 
"Chiarina" was deeply moving. The " Pantalon and Colombine" was 
perhaps the most exciting movement of the work. All in all Freire 
created a circus of musical images, displaying varied styles and 
emotions. 

Unfortunately, almost no piano recital would be complete without at 
least one work by Frederic Chopin. Freire gave us two. It might be 
interesting to hear him perform the entire set of Ballades. His reading 
of the "Fourth Ballade" was in many places some of the evening's 
best played music. In addition the " Barcarolle" also showed Freire to 
be a superb Chopinist. However , too much Chopin in one evening can 
be just too much and what Freire did play fully satisfied every Chopin-
lover in the hall. 

Freire gave us only a sampling of his affinity for the music of the 
French impressionists. He brings to the keyboard nearly all the 
prerequisites for fine impressionistic playing ; grace, style, dash, 
rhythm, color. One would have liked to have heard more than the three 
superb minatures which he did perform. The last, "Minstrels" was 
one of the entire evening 's highlights . 

Freire closed the recital with a virtuoso performance of that 
horrendous Hungarian Rhapsodie of Franz Liszt. Such mere 
showpieces, if played at all, are better left as encores. Sunday evening 
Freire replied to the audience's steady applause with two highly 
polished miniatures, " The Clown Doll" of Villa-Lobos and a Rach-
maninoff prelude. All in all Freire showed himself to be a fine talent 
most at home with Schumann or Debussy. 

Just when you think you've seen it all, 
"THE RAVAGER" comes along with something 

entirely new and different in thrills. 

ADULTS 
OILY! 

s......, 

CAPRI 
.-
ADULn 
OILY! 

cinem~news 

'Salesman' and 'Analyst ' 
at Special Unicorn Night 

Jeff Fried 
Arts Editor 

This Thursday, April 23, the TRITON TIMES and the Unicorn thea-
ter present the third TRITON TIMES night at the Unicorn. On this 
night all UCSD students and faculty will be admitted at the reduced 
price of one dollar . 

Featured this Thursday will be "The President 's Analyst" and 
"Salesman. " 

" Salesman" is an aimost San Diego premier , having been shown one 
night at San Diego State. It is a record of four actual representatives of 
the American Bible Company, not professional actors . It was filmed 
over a period of two months, starting in Boston, continuing to a con-
vention in Chicago, and finally ending on a sales tour in Florida . The 
focal point is Paul Brennan, a lean , bristiy, professional Irish-Ameri-
can, who in the course of the film slowly comes to realize his inade-
quacy as a Bible salesman. 

The outstanding feature of the film is its exposure of the gullibility of 
the American public. The ease in which people can be talked into 
purchasing a forty dollar Bible is unbelievable . These "salesmen" 
leave no vanity Wlturned; be on your guard . 

The other half of the twin bill is "The President's Analyst" with 
James Coburn. "Analyst" is a spoof of middle-<:Iass paranoia , an" 
there is one particular scene that is worth the price of admission. 

The shows start at 7 and 10 :25 p.m . for " Salesman " and 8:35 for 
" Analyst. " Remember the special prices are in effect for the night of 
April 23 only . 

ON SPECIAL NOW 
SANDALS FOR STUDENTS ONLY! 

Reg. price $18.50 
Sale price $12.50 

SAVE $6.00!!! 
TWO WEEKS ONLY! 

Watch for later specials . 
REVELLE SUNDRIES STORE 

Passover Seder 
UCSD students are holding a sed~r in La Jolla 
on the second night of Pesach, Tuesday, Apr il 
21, ma.rking the traditional celebratio:l o~ the 
r ight of fr eedom a.nd se Lf-det~rmination of a 1J 
peoples. 

IIIII/~ A'/' ~ 
fOR INfORMATION CONTACT: 

463-6144 
Sponsored by Jewish Students of UCSD 



IWj-e,itJpi,. 
Madison Are's Latest, 110,... Tras"""ull 

Terry Barak 
Arts Writer 

In a day in which the popular music market IS flooded with literally 
hWldreds of albums by new rock groups, all having names worthy of 
mention in a TIME magazine rock expose and an arty record jacket to 
match, there remains the same determiner of what will sell-pro-
motion. Most of these records won't be heard by the record buy· 
er- there are just too many. Listening to the radio can be as deceptive 
as it is enlightening because many records are played (even on FM 
stations) solely as a result of the promotional backing they receive . 

Such is the case when local stations began playing Norman Green· 
baum's " Spirit in the Sky" album. Norman Greenbaum is a new 
chapter in the continuing story of promotion versus good taste. His 
ascension to hit-<lom began on FM then moved to AM. I first heard his 
album played on KMET·FM (from L.A.), followed the next day by a 
real "live" taped telephone interview by B. Mitchell Reed (B.M.R.), 
the station 's resident world's oldest teenager . They both engaged in an 
ego-reflective conversation emphasizing their own and 'each other 's 
hipness. If it were a contest in pretentious grooviness, much to Nor· 
man Greenbaum's credit, I would declare B.M.R . the winner . Other 
than who was most with it (Norman, since he was calling from San 
Francisco), the major point made was to buy Norman Greenbaum's 
record . A week or so later , a taped ad began running on KMET, which 
went something like ~his : 

" Norman Greenbaum is a funny name. for a rock-and·roll singer ; 
But, Norman Greenbaum happens to be a GOOD rock-and·roll 
singer ." 

Then came the music, from (I can 't imagine why ) the wors t of his 
songs : 

" Jethro got himself a milk cow, 
And he called her Bess ; 
Milk cow in the morning , 
Milk cow anytime at all.. " 
More specifically his album is a collection of sticky bubblegum 

ditties , complete with a background chorus echoing nothing , plenty of 
non-entity three-chord songs , overly simplistic instrumentation, and 
banal lyrics to match. But, it has something for nearly everyone . For 
those record shoppers desiring a drug theme, it is all too obviously 
provided in "Tars of India. " For those involved in the new hip-
spiritual tr ip, Jesus is mentioned several times in the title cut. 

For all those interested in supporting promo-hype.media-created 
taste (which we all eat, drink , and sleep anyway ), I recommend 
Norman TRASHbaum 's "Spirit in the Sky." Mter all, Hollywood and 
Madison Avenue know best what music is , don't they? 

Summer Session at 
Stanford University 
J UNE 22 - AUGUST 15 , 1970 
FOR FULL DETA ILS. W R ITE : 

O F F ICE O F TH E SUMMER SESSIO N 
STAN F OR D UNIVER S ITY 
STANFOR D . C AL I FOR NIA 114305 

After 
five years 

of marriage, 
Bill 
& Jean 

have finally found 
somethIng 
thelhave 

In 
common ... 

• ~OlUhqu! 
... enJoys bot ways 
a 2nd sensuous week! 

ACADE~Y X 
3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284 lono 

POSSIBILITIES 
lolk 1 •• ti".1 

The plink of a banjo, the scrape 
of a fiddle and the warble of a 
country tune will be heard for 
three days when San Diego State 
opens its fourth annual folk 
festival Friday through Sunday, 
April 24-26. 

Three major concerts will be 
given on the blues, the country 
dance and religious music . A 
banjo and fiddle competition for 
all comers will be staged. Craft 
items from an art mart will cram 
the Aztec Center where all events 
will take place. The festival is 
sponsored by the Cultural Arts 
Board of the Associated Students 
in cooperation with the folk 
magazine, The Krome Kazoo. 

Sam Hinton, Juke Boy Bonner, 
The Frontier Constabulary, 
Rosalie Serrels, Mayne Smith, 
Larry Hanks , and Janet Smith 
will perform and lead workshops . 

Art of teaching guitar, origins 
of bluegrass music , folksongs of 
Idaho and Utah , and elements of 
songwriting will be among topics 
for info rmal discussion. 

The Sweet 's Mills String Band, 
Bluegr ass California and 
Margaret Pankey and her Bolder 
View Boys will be on the 
program . 

Robert Pete Williams, The 
Kr udd Family, Rev . Robert 
Wilkins , Ray and Ina Patterson , 
Johnnie Walker , J ack Tempchin 
and Bob LeBeau complete the 
lineup. 

The Back Door , an on-campus 
coffee house, will be used for 
impromptu night concer ts. F olk 
impresar io Lou Curtis s will 
coordinate the festival. 

Festival ti ckets are on sale at 
the Box Office, Aztec Center , the 
Folk Arts, 3753 India St. , San 
Diego, and the Urey Hall box 
office . 

spirit 
country jOtJ 

SPIRIT, unlike other rock 
groups, features a father-son 
combination. They write all of 
their own material ; and each 
member of SPIRIT had extensive 
professional experience before 
they formed . The albums 
"SPIRIT" and "The Family That 
Plays Together " interpret the 
kind of music which Cass so aptly 
describes as SPIRIT's desire to 
" bridge the gap between all the 
kinds of music played in the U.S., 
between all ages , all races and all 
kinds of styles." 

To further quote from the 
publication " Rolling Stone :" " if 
rock is to progress and not 
fossilize yet still remain rock, it is 
going to have to make a lot of the 
choices SPIRIT has made." The 
group itself, however, seem to 
know themselves too well calling 
their music "a reflection of 
emotion . . . our form of com-
munication and love with the 
universe . " 

COUNTRY JOE & THE FISH, 
with their electric music for the 
mind and body, are very con-
cerned with the social and 
political situations in our country 
and try to comment on their 
views strongly in their work. 

The FISH 's success and 
popularity is based largely on 
their philosophy , that the 
thinking youth of today "disavow 
the Establishment 's attitudes 
towards war , polltlcs, love and 
money." The group further prove 
their point as evidenced by the 
donations of their talent for 
benefits on student causes, 
political rallies, radio stations 
and publications . As Country Joe 

UCSD's Sam Hinton will be fea tured at San Diego states Folk 
Festival. The festival starts April 24 and runs the entl,re weekend. 

himself puts it, "Money is just 
another way of keeping score of 
how you're doing." 

Opening the show will be a new 
group from Los Angeles : BLUE 
MOUNTAIN EAGLE . 

Tickets are priced at $3.75 , 
$4 .75, $5 and $5.50, and are 
ava ilable at a ll Highlander 
Stores, Metro Ticket Agencies or 
the Sports Arena Box Office. 

linB arts 
Watercolor , charcoal drawing 

and crafts are some of the ex-
citing art classes now being of· 
fered at The Fine Arts Gallery of 
San Diego, Balboa Park. 

A ten-week, Tuesday morning 
class under Jim Kacirk in 
watercolor is scheduled to begin 
April 21 , 1970. Classes are $25 for 
members and $33 for non-
members, and are limited. Mr. 
Kacirk is a well-known artist who 
has exhibited widely . Ap-
plications must be received by 
April 18. 

Charcoal drawing classes and 
life drawing classes for adults 
are being conducted by Stefania 
Howard . Mrs. Howard has also 
exhibited as a painter . There will 
be eight sessions in each class. 
The former began Monday, April 
6, and the life drawing class 
begins Thursday, April 9. There 
are a few openings available. 
Class Ni, Charcoal Drawing, $16 
for members, $25 for non-
members. Class H2 (with model) , 
$35 for members, $43 for non-
members. 

Children's class for the Spring 
session will be directed by Louis 
M. Demetre . "The Wonderful 
World of Crafts" will be explored 
by the group . The class will be 
held Saturday mornings at 10:45 
a.m. to 12 noon beginning April 
11, and is limited to students 9 
through 11 years of age . The fee 
for the class is $18. 

For further information call 
Mrs . Sheryl Evans at 232-7931. 

THE WORLD Of GLAMOUR 
Se ll the prestigious Vlviane 

Woodard cos metics. 
Ea rn from $<I to $12 pe r hour. 

WP t rain you. 
459- 3684 

Are you travelling to 

EUROPE 
.. 

Bookings o re n o w being occep ted fo r 
a ny of Ih e 3000 inl ro·Europeon $Iud en' 
cnorler fI ·ghl . 'nroug h Ih. E .... cati .... 
Stud.n' h.h ..... 'r ........ 101 Wo ..... 
. id. Rd .. .... wood Cily ..... 1217 e._· 
Iy llvel .. Lao A ... 01 ... For Ine boo!< 
IlIlI ng 0:1 fI, ghl. and oppllcollon form. 
fo r flight, a nd th. Int . rnotional S tud e nl 
Id e nil ly Co rd. pl e o .. forwo rd SI .OO plu. 
75< for p""'oge o nd ho"" lIng 

b. b. king 
Indianola , Mississippi. That's 

enough to give anyol1,e the blues. 
One of the most prominent blues 
guitarists in the world was born 
there . He is known as the " blues 
boss." He is B.B. KING. 

On April 24, San Diego will be 
treated to the greatest blues 
guitarist alive. The concert is 
being held at the Palace, 4025 
Pacifi c Hwy . There will be two 
shows, a 7 p.m. show for those 
under 17 and a 10 p .m. show for 
those over 17. Mr. King will be 
joined by a local blueHock group 
soon to be announced. These two 
appearances will constitute B.B. 
KING 's only appearance in San 
Diego . 

Mter teaching himself to play, 
serving a hitch in the army, and 
emceeing his own radio show, 
B.B. KING began to seriously 
study the greats in the guitar 
world. Blind Lemon Jefferson , 
Leroy Carr, Lonnie Johnson , 
Bukka White, T-Bone Walker , 
Django Reinhardt, and Charlie 
Christian. All these people 
developed over a period of many 
years during the 30's and 40's . 
He studied each one for a par-
ticular trait. From Jefferson , 
Carr , and Johnson he learned 
how to vocally put "worry" and 
" pain" into his singing. From 
White he acquired the mastery of 
sustaining notes. Reinhardt and 
Christian were sources of rhythm 
and vibrato, and from Walker, 
B.B. KING taught himself to play 
unbelievable single string riffs . 
Put together with the personality, 
background and soul of KING, it 
comes out with the feeling of his 
recent hit " The Thrill is Gone ." 

Tickets are $3.50 in advance 
and will go on sale Monday, April 
13. They will be available at: The 
Plebian, Select Surf Shop, 
Swami's Beach Bag, Synthetic 
Trips, Dick Post LTD, O.B . 
Trilogy, Records Plus, and 
KPRI. 

EUROPE 
Also Israel and Ja.pan 

$230-295 R.T. Fr om West Coast 
$199R.T. From East Coast 
E . S.E.~, 8217 Beverly Blvd., L.A 
(213) 651-3311 
E.S.E.P.-U.C.S.D. members only 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONOIS 
for selYice 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. " Moo. 

233 - 8328 

PROPOSED ASUCSD CONSTITUTION 1970 
Edllo.·. Note: T ... propo.ed eon.titullon of lhe ASUCSD 

I. written below In full for t ... Informellon of ell the 
Icademlc community . A Con.lllutlotYl Con •• ntlon will be 
held II 5 p.m . WednesdlY In USB 2622. for Ih. purpo.e at 
sollciling recomm.ndltion. from .tucllnts on I ny ehenges 
In. or elerHlellion. of Ihl. docum. nl . A revl.ed version, 
lIking Into con.lcler.llon lhe comment. Ind .ulIge.llon. 

the Con.tllullon fait. 10 be adopted . new e lecl ion s will have 
to be ClUed 10 fill Ih' .. als on tho AS Senale now con · 
.llluled. lIul .. and regUlations for the Mly e lection will be 
r.I •• sed .hartly by the AS Office. 

governing docu m e nt Is the Conslilution of "66. which also 
prov ides for a lud lclel board . 

The Con. lilution of 1970. if il is a dopted . would sel up the 
AS Council . If would be composed of 4 e lected com -
missioners as tile Council would see fit 10 e . tabli sh. T ..... 
non-voting .ppointments woukl be made upon r eceipt of a 
petition conllining 10 per eenl 01 all underg raduale.' 
s ignllur • • . No ludicill board would be formally con. t i. pr ... nted.t tile WednelClly conv.nllon. will be submitted 

T ... mo.1 Innovllive .ectlons of Ihlf constitulion - and 
lho •• mo.t worlh noting - are (1) Ih. commissioner 
sy.tem (Article II) , 12) lhe lud lcial branch (Article I ... >. 
Ind (3) thur.lem of recall (Artide .... Sec. B ). M_ . 

10 .... AslOCleted Students on Mey 13· 15 fo r Ipprovll. I 
two·thlrds mllorlly being ... c ..... ry fa. ldopllon. AI t ... 
11m. 11m. ceMIdI' .. for tile posilion. I. proposed In Ihl. 
IIIW Constllutlon of "70 will be on .... bellot for .ledlon. If 

AI presenl I ... AS i. governed by the AS Senat • . It is 
composed of J undergrlduat •• from .Icll college. one 
student Irom I'" upper divl.lon , 'lnd one from Ihe Iow.r 
divIsion. Ind t ... AS Pre.idenl Ind "'iee. Prllicllnl . The 

Two·thirds of the vot ing membe rs of the Associaled 
Studenls (ell undergraduates e nrolled al UCSD wilh a 
minimum pr09ram ) muslapp, ove the Cons t itul ion for it 10 
go into effect . 

Preemble 

We , t he s tudents on the Sin Di ego Ca"'Pus of the University of Cali forn ia . by author i t y of 
t ile Regents and t he President of the Univ ersity and the Chancell or of this campus . In order 
to provfde fo r the promotion . mai ntenance and regulati on of s uch matte rs as I re delegited by 
t hen to the s t udent gover_nt . do ordai n and es tabl ish this cons t itu t ion. 

Article I Nlme alld Membership 
Sect i on A. Name : 

1. The name of this o!'9an tzatlon sha ll be the Associated Students of the 
Uni vers i ty of Cali fornia at San otego. herei na fter called the ASUCSO. 

Sect i on B. Membershi p: 

1. Any per son du ly regfstered as an undergraduate student i n t he Uni versity of 
Cal1 fornfa at San Diego shal l be a voting tnember of the ASUCSO . 

Article II Associeted Students Council 
S@ct i on A. Student legislat ive authority shall be \ll! s ted i n the ASUCSD Counci l. 

Sect ion 8. The ASUCSO Council shall cons ist of undergraduate merrbers, Icn1n1 s trathe and 
fac ulty Adviso rs . and such ex·offl clo members as t he Council ' hall di rect . 

Sect ion C. The undergraduate members of t he Coun cil shall cons i st of : 

1. lilt Counci l rneri:ler s hall be selected from each of the twelve coll e~s, 
Each membe r t hus sel ect ed shall represent t he interest s of his college 
and ac t i n 11a50n be tween his college government and the ASUCSD. The 
me thod of selectlon sha ll be de t ermined by the Ind l vldu.l college . 

Z. One Council _er shall be elec t ed at large to the foll ""lng posi t ions: 

I . Conrnissioner o f Conmunity Service 

b. CCI'I11Iis sioner o f Ac.deJlic Affafrs 

c . Ccnnissioner of Student Welfare 

d. Ccnwn1ss1oner of Ex ternal Af f afrs 

3. One Council mellber sha ll be .ppoln t ed by the Presi dent subj ect to con-
f irmation by t he elected members o f the Counc il to t he follow1ng posit fcns: 

a. Pr ogram Boar d Chaf man 

b. C_lssloner of ASUCSO Enterp rise s 

c. Publ1c Re lati ons Direct or 

d. Administra t he Coord i ni!l tor 

SeGt i on O. The Adv isors. who shall have all t he priv l1 eges e xtended to Council member s except 
t h.t of voting. sh. ll be selected as .follows: 

1. ~~~ 1 ~~~isor fr om the UCSD Off ice of St 1ldent Affai r s shall be selected by that 

2. One Advisor from the San Di ego Div isfon of the Academ;c Senat e Shall be 
selected by th.t body . 

3. Any addition. ' Advisors as tht Counc il deems necessary. 

Sect ion E. The Co"," ,1 1 may at any t1me es tabli sh add i t i ona l pennanent vo t i ng Council sea t s 
or tempo rary none voting Council seats for the pu rpose of ca rrying out II necessary 
f unctfon by a three- four t hs ( 3/ 4) vo t e o f al l eoune i 1 membe r s. 

See tton F. T~ec;~~n~~\ s ~~!~ be presi ded over by the ASUCSD Vice-Presi dent, who shall vote only 

Sectf on G. The Council shall assemble at t he r eques t of Its presiding officer or one-third (1/3) 
of the Council _ ers . 

Sec tion H. A s imple ma j ority o f t he \l o t i ng Counci l membe rs shall constitute a QuorlMll. 
1. Each Counci l member s ha l l have onl y one vote . 

Z. A Council Member must be present fn or der t o Yo t e. 

3. Legisla t ion sh. 1l be passed by a si mple maj or i ty of Council members vo t ing. 
Sect1 0n I. Rober t 's Ru les of Or der . Revis ed, shall be the offici al au thor ity on Parliamen tary 

procedU re. ~lna te to the provi s ions of the Const ltuli on and its Bylaws. 
Sec t ion J. The ope ration of the Counei I s hall be governed by its By laws. 

Sec t fon K. The Counc il shall elec t from arong the Council member s a pres i dent pro tempore . 
who s hall execute the Vi ce - Pre s ident' s Counei I dut ies in h is abs ence. 

Section L. The ASUCSO Counci l ' hall have the powel' t o: 

1. Supervise and d i rec t the conduc t. affairs. po lici es. and propprties of t he ASUCSD. 

2 . Create other s tuden t offices , and approve any app01n tll'lent s made by t he Pr esident. 

3. Remove any offi cial appointed by the ASUCSO. ( Including Its own appointed 
_ rs ) upon failure of the official to fu11l 111 t he re sponsibil ities of his 
off ice. 

~ . !lanage the fln. nces of the ASUCSO for thenalntenance of the affa i rs .nd 
prope r ty of the ASUCSO . 

S. Spons or and s upport s tudent organ i zations , 

6 . O,errlde . by two- thi rd s (Z(J) maj or ity vo te . the veto of t he ASUCSO President. 
7. l~ l enen t the provisions of th is Consli t ut!on by llI:!:a ns or appropria te rules and 

regulat Ions. 
8. AsslJlle :i uch addi t ional au t hor ity IS may be nfhtS5u'y for the welfare and 

effi c iency of the ASUCSO. 

Sect ion M. ReferendUfi p rocedures s hall be as f ollows: 

1. Upon pre sentati on t o the ASUCSO President of • pe t ition signed by five per cent 
(51 ) of the me_rs of t he ASUCSO. or upon a two- t hi rds aff lrmattve vote of the 
Council for that purpo se •• ny ac t of the ASUCSO Coun cil . except ac llons taken on 
budgtts t ~ppropria t fon s , and/or expendi tu res o f funds , mus t be s ubm i tted to a 
vote of the members of t he ASUCSO. 

2. Any act on budget s , ap pr oprtattions, and/or expenditures (unl l!ss al l the 
invoh ed funds hll';e 1I1readj been s pen t) by the Counc i l mu s t be submitted to a 
vote of the mef'l1e rS of the ASUCSD upon presenta t i on t o the President of a pe t i tion 
to that effect . Ignod by ten percent ( len ) of t he members of the ASUCSO. 

3 . Such pe t ! t ions rus t be presented wi th in twe l ve (12) acadetnl c days of tne 
pasuge. de feat. or pos t ponement o f t he CounCil act . 

• . An I .. demic day sha ll be de f i ned to be allY day durfng wIll ch cl asses a ,.. 
scheduled. 

4 . The Pr esi dent s.hall the n phce the questi on be fore the ASUCSD at an elec ti on, 
e ither genera l or spec h l . ""ithin e i ghteen (1 8) acadeMic d.ys of the 
presentat ion of t he pe tition . 

S. During t he i nte r val betwee n the presenta t ion of t he pe t i lion and t he e l ec t i on. 
the ac t s hall be suspended Ind al l associa ted expend itures of f unds ~hall ce ase. 

6 . Concurrence of • Simpl e majority of those ASUCSO .. e",bers voting shal l be 
neceSS l ry to null1fy the Council action. 

7. Suct! Ii Counci l actton, If reve r sed in I re fe r e ndum . May no t be ruubmHled to 
the Coun ci l sooner tha n two quarte r s Arter the r Cft r endl'l'II. 

8. Temporary . one or two quarter duratfon Issue orh~I Jf"' J non- vot ing Counc il 
posi ttons IIM)I be es tab lfshed upon rc(.t nt by t ilt ... und l of ,. peUlion to that 
effec t s igned by ten percen t flOl ) of ". _. ' •• ! A\ UC D. 

Soc tlOfl N. Too Council shall be allowed to rtcess fo r t he s"""", r qua r te r . 

Article III Associated Students President and V ice- President 
Sec t ion A. The ASUCSO Pre s ident sh.ll : 

1. Be e lec t @d a t large and s hal l s erve ro r one yea r . 

2. Serve as the offfc ial r epresentath e of the ASUCSO. 

3. Have the r'esponsibll fty of carr'yl ng ou t t he provisions of t he Council ac t L 

4 . Submi t to Council a yearly budget In t he Spring Quarter. 
5 . Del egate the authori t y i n specific areas t o t he Council lnefl'be r s. 

6 . Serve as an ex·off ic1o . non·voting member of all agencies and organiza t ions 
of t he ASUCSO. 

7. Have the power of i t eft! veto on all approp r iations passed by the Council and 
have the power of cOtl'flK)n veto on all oUter legislation. 

a. All legislation not vetoed withln Sll! academic days of passage by the 
Council shall take eff ect. 

8. Exer cise such ot ne r powers as ",y be necessary for t he efficient perfonnance 
of tIls dut ies. s ubject t o the final .uthority of the Council. 

9 . Be an ex-offlt.l0 member of t he Council. lading only the voting prhdleC}!. 

Sp.ction 8. Tile "SI'CS[I Vicp-PresidPnt shall: 

1. Perfo".. thp duties and exercisE' t.lle pO'-,prs of thp Dr esidpnt in thfl' ~vE'n of 
th~ Pr es i den's at-sf'I'nce or t empora ry di sab 1 H v. 

2. "ssist thfl PrPsfdent in the exf'Cut10n of ttlp Prpsiden IS dlJ ies. 

3. Perfom i!lll other dulles as shall bp i!sslQreti hi", tov the rouneil. 

4. C.ll and pr'esidr at rneetlnos of the Council 

5. Call and prttslde itt ee inQs of the Fl"af'lcP rorrtittfOP. 
6. ~ssUf"e the oHlce of Proll.ildent for th- rf'f"alnder of t!'te tP"" in the eVf'nt 

of the Presidpnt's rE''ilqna ion or re'"'Oval frDl'lofficf'. 

Section C. In the event of the tl"!'1Jorarv ahs~nce or dlslIHlitv of t'oth t!-of' President and 
Vice-President . thE' president pro fW"Pore of th"" rou"cll s".11 assutnf' the duties 
and powers of ttle Preslc!Pnt llnttl th"" rf'turn of p!thpr thp Prpsldpnt or \lice· 
President to dut,v. 

1. In the event of tne rpsiqnation or reMOval f ro,., office of ~e Prpsidollnt. 
if t"pre 1s no V;cp·f'rpslden to assu"'p his offic~. an election shall t-p 
held wlth;n tlll!ntv acadefl'ic. days of tt,- 0rollsidf'n IS dpoar ure fr"Of'"loffice 
for the our pose of elec 'ina a new Prpsldent, who slla11 sPrve for the rest 
of thp te""'. If tl1E' Dr~sld.nt·s denarturp occurs less t.l">a" sixtv da ... s 
before the annual elf'ctian tt-en t"'e office of Presid-flt s"a11 .... ,. filled 
by the pr~sident oro terporp of the (ou"cll u"t11 the end of tt'lp tf'r'1I. 

Art ic le IV Judicial Branch 
Section ~ Studet't Judlchl au~j"lori v shall t>p IIP\lpd toin t lv in the col1 pQPs and the 

.ASl!tS('t as warrantpd h the nfeds of h" Hud-nt ~odv and sut- ect to l Ur'l S· 
dlctiol'lal clalr-s._ 

Anicle V Elections 
Section fl. The control of all ft5I'r~" plp.ctions shall r"st. ",It" !'Ip "SI!f~(l Prp~1rlpnt, fdrlil1-

istrat1ve (oordil'lator, and such ("0"T'li'510I1en !\ H IP rounc11 ",hal1 aproinl. 

5ection B. 

1 . The procedure for ti"le conduct of el(1ctions and relatpd ~ctiv1tlPS shan bf> 
provided in ~e [ounei 1 rvlll",~. 
!"Ine aenera 1 ca pus ",tdp plpc ion sha I 1 t-! t-,,.ld tach ,(Pdr r1urirHl nf' Spr',no 
fluarter. 

3. ~~o studen st'lall ""'It:t anv of tl'IP officps dpslrH'a ed 111 this ("ons Hutton 
...,ho shall not havp at least an oviltrdll ,.("1 oradp poirt a\lerao .... ~ .,.,i'to shall 
not bf' el igible to hold ttlp pos1Uon for is",," Irp er""!. 

4. "'0 student s.ndit run for more than onE' elec hp "5' (Sri a 'lep. durif'lCl anv 
one elec ion . . 

5. All reoularlv plected r.~iI(~1' officials s~all a~e officf' !oi, acad,,!""tc davs 
aftef tne Qeneral election and shall s@rvp unttl rpf!'()vecl fro'" that office. 

f.. "11 apPolntpd officials 5"'a11 ta~e office .,men t .. " rounctl aDnroves thpir 
ilppolnttl'ent , al'ld s"'o 11 serv#> un 11 refllacpd . 

a. All aopoin !"pnts shall !:'r revip ..... od a lflast yearlY tw tt'tp npwlv el~ctel1 
Pres 1 de"t. 

1"\1 office of the "SI 'CSr "'/IV t-,. subipct to r,.call. tov prf'stntaUofl to the 
Council of a DE'titlon to t"tat effecL if:!:'led tv at lf1ast ten oerce"t (1("1'"') of tI·p 
~t"'h'! rs of the II~I·C~I' or a reso l ution t-v twtJ-ti"lirds of tj"lp roundl and con Ilrnno 
a specific stattT"l'ent of t~e r easons for the proposrd reroval. 'l he quest Ion of 
rer'Oval of t he tp'peached officer shall be su~it..ted to a V(lt- of tt-p I"e!"'t'IPrs 
o f the PSlICS("I ..,1thin f'ioh et'rl dcadPf"ic davs of ~p Sut-fT'tSS10" of tholl 0 .... t1 10". 
I f t...o-thirds o f ttle votes cast approve . t~e tJ"'NlChed officpr shall top ref'lOvec' 
frol'\ office. 

Sect ion C. I" atative procedures stlall tie as follows : 

1 . lIoon pr e sen t alio" to t he "(II(~r"I Prpsidf'nt of a pptition s10,,~d t-v fh~ 
percent (5" ) of tt> oII rerhers of thlP ,A Sl'CSf'I. inY ~asure p\U'H be placed on tne 
tlall ot of a n election , aenpral, or spfl'c1a l , wfth1n f'iollteen acaderdc days . 

Z. In itiati ve !"lOtions ihal1 re pUSp.d bv a sill'l('lle ma,1o r 1tv of the /lSPC5f' 
t"I1efT' t-e rs vo t i(lo. 

Article VI Bylaws 
Spc t fon 10. r ounctl Ry la 'r's s tlall supole,.......nt tMs Cons t itution 

SIIC ion r. ,A t lllO.thi rds aff trNtivp vott of tne (ouncil ""t'~rs shall ~ neCf'ssarv (or 
r illt if tcat l on of t ht flyl aws and for al"lendrlents to t ..... Rvla .. s_ 

Sec Ion ~ . 

~ection ~. 

~rction f 

Article VII Amendments 
iAme ndnents t o t~ls Constit u tion r a .., t'e nropos_~ !,,,, .. it"er b'O·t~lrd'" of tloofo 
( ouncil or ~y pel1tion . 
1. ~ pe t it;on prUl1u~tltU a ('oltstit) t ional arnendlnent r'O!. 1-- sloned h t~ntv 

percent (?n"'j of t~p ~'ters of t il ... I' Slt(SP. 
lIoon rec~trt of such a optftion or upo" a ("OU,.,CI' rp50lutton pro"o~in<] an 
il l'ltndrltnt. the ~~I'C~r'I Pr es1c1pnt sl'ta l 1 hold an (l lpctfor'l for tt,p ourpose of 
presel'l tno trtP al"endt"ent to thf' r ..... t>prs of t hfo lI~nfc::." fer oPfllO..,Jl ",H"'n 
t""enty.(our acad ic days of ~h rpce1pt of thp DfOf"IOSa 1 li"lp~'!ii the C'pnP l al 
el ec t·i on 15 sct'ledulf'd "tlh i., shtv davs. tn loIhic,", Co'I~P the ["!ron(sal .-.t"all I"t 
ol al.ed on t he 1',.,11 0\ of th,. Qeneral elf'ction. 

1 . ""lfn~n t5 shall "" arprov.-ct unon concurrence of h·'O '''' ,rl'1s ot t'l1III 'f'f',f\er 
of I\\tIC~I'I vot I nQ. 

l'pon re(.i p tov tt. ,. ,.,.,.,td.,, ' of' a ~tI ion \ta"ed ,",y t'""'",v r-rcPI'lt ("'n ) of 
It', t'ers o f t tlf' ft c:t1rs" or uro" passar" toY tw(!- ~Irrls at d rounc,l rpsol", ion 
t o th,. e f( p(t t t'ta • (O"itltuliof1..,l Convention M: "e1d , tt'et'l tt'f" r ...... sld~nt 
wil l schedlilp suet> a convf''' lon "'It"'in t~lv- auder Ic ~v.-.. af"ld co ·All pr-slt.p 
ov"r il. 
1 . ~ convrnt10n shall t'e orlft 0 a ll r,«,~rs of tt~~ 11511(~r. 
2. ~I,.n~ f' n ts . rlPvisi{ln';' dn" npw cOMtltut i on!. propos-fi t-v tr .. cO,lvf'n 1M 

sl"Il1 ~e pl aced on the ... .al~ ot of a" f' l ection .,.it. t-l in twPh, aeadi ic (t.hS 
of ht' 1lt11our~ f'n t o f t~,. c(\nVf'n fon . 

Art icle VIII Ratificlt ion 
Sf'cttor" 1t\ ls (ons f TvUon ~~.all ~P(()I p "!ff'et tv "rO\"! appr(\va1 nf t ,.. t'lJrd nl ttfl' 

" ~n. of t"'" "~Itf~n vn t t nf' 



tonight 
Merine BiolollY Seminer : Dr . Sato 
w ill speak on " Cell culture of terres -
trial and mar ine animals " at noon In 
the Sumner Aud i tor ium . 

Friday Night at the Movies : " Stage-
coach " w ith John Wayne and " Foot-
light Parade " w i th James Cagney . 
7:30 . USB 2722 . 

Coffee Hut Entertainment : Doug 
McKee and Gloria Estes . 9 p.m . both 
Friday and Saturday . 

saturday 
Support for G. I. Protest Rally : in 
Ba lboa Park dur ing th e after -
noon-movement for a democrat ic 
m ilitar y . 

Amadeus Quartet : 8:30 p .m .. Sher -
wood Ha ll. 

sunday 
Muir Cinema : " Viva Zapata Hasta la 
Vic tor ia Siempre" 7:30 p .m .• USB 
2722 . 

Rock 'n' Roll : afternoon show fea -
turing Cheyenne. Ken and the Kadets, 
Buffaloe Crotch, noon to 6 p .m . on the 
mall behind the Mu ir Provost 's office 
(MC 412) . Sponsored by AS/ Bureau of 
Env ironmental Design and Atlantis. 
Beag le . wi th luck. there w ill be food! 
Environment Awereness Seminar : 
Dr . Lewis Shalit w ill speak on " Ci tizen 
Involvement. What Can You Do? " 7 
p .m . HL Auditorium . 

Community Interaction Committee : 
7:30 p .m .• Blake IV lounge. For fur -
ther informat ion . call Sherry Compton 
at 453·3307 . 

wedn •• day 
Earth Day : Ca ll Info","at ion Center 
EDNA 453-3362 or 453-2000 (ext . 1176) 
for lists of passengers needing r ides or 
for information about Earth Day 
act ivities . 

Wednesday Night at the Movies : 9 
p .m ., Coffee Hut . " The Pr iva te Lives 
of Adam and Eve." 

I Sunday A ffernoon Rock n' Roll Show 

Cheyenne 
Ken and the Kadets 

Buffaloe Crotch 
Sunday, April 19 12-6 p.m. 

Behind Muir Provost's Office 
(MC 412) 

Sponsored by AS & Atlintis/Beagle 

~;u~ ~~~C#-
1'/ FRID~Y NIGHTJ 

AT THE MOVIES K( 
'STAGECOACH' ~ 

with JOHN WAYNE I 
'FOOTLIGHT PARADE' 

(1933) 
USB 2122 7:30 

COFFEE HUT 
ENTERTAINMENT 

FridlY and Saturday 9:00 p.m. 
POSSOM 

Wed . 9 :00 p .m. 

AN ALL TIME FAVORITE 
COM ING EVENTS 

, 

II 
II 
II 
il 
'S 
II! 

I, ROCK CONCERT SUNDAY 12-6 Me 412 ; SAN DIEGO SYMPHONY BENEFIT I j~ APRIL 26 . (t( CO~RY JOE McDONALD IN LECTURE. .) ) ~ MAY 2 - ~ /t , \C--
~---#~ 

-

PI,I I Triton T... A,ril 17, 1170 

S10 Summernoon Series : Dr . Robert 
Hassler-"Hudson '70 Exped ition to 
the Drake Passage.N talk and sl ides. 
noon in the Sumner Aud itor ium . 

Bneball : UCSD vs . MCRD here. 2:30. 
Monday. April 20. 

lecture. 
Mr. Neil Morllan will speak on San 
Diego as related to the national west -
ward migration. noon. Salk Small 
Seminar , Tuesday, Apr il 21 . 

Mandeville Lecture Series : Dr . Rene 
Dubos , m icrobiologist and author of 
" So Human an Animal ," UCSD gym , 
8:30 p .m .• Thursday . April 23. 

Structuralism : Please come and 
listen to what Dr . Joseph Ghougasslan 
has to say about structuralism . Noon, 
3020 USB, Monday. Apr i l 20. 

announcem.nt. 
" ABRAXAS" : UCSO's environmental 
theater presents its first indoor 
production " Abraxas" ton ight at 8:30 
at the Anomaly Factory Building, 257 
MC. The play will be presented 
tonight. and April 25, 30, and May I , 2, 
7, 8, 9. Tickets are available in Arts 
and Lectures Office, Urey Hall. 453· 
6151 or ext . 1391 , and also at the door. 
Tickets are 52 for general admiSSion 
and 51 for students with any student 
10. 

A study tour to the Sov iet Union at 
Moscow State University has been 
arranged for UC and California State 
College students . The all -inclusi ve 
cost is $990. For more information 
contact : Moscow University Study 
Tour , 1533 W. San Bernardino Rd . 
(104). West Covina, Californ ia , 91790 
or Sierra Travel . 9875 Santa Mon ica 
Blvd .• Beverly Hi lls. Calif.. 90212. 

A new course on federal Income tax 
law changes w ill be offered at UCSD 
Extens ion beg inning Monday, April 
20. The 5-week course w ill be taught 
by Byron F . Wh ite and w ill meet from 
7 to 9 :30 p.m . on Monday in Room 307. 
at Roosevelt Junior High School in San -
Diego. A $25 fee will be charged . For 
more in formation call the off ice of UC 
Extension . 453-2000. ex t . 2061. 

There w ill be a Commun ications 
Board meeting at 6 p.m .• Apr il 22, in 
the Revelle Informal Lounge . 
Representatives for those groups 
plann ing media for next year should 
be at the meeting to adv ise the board 
of their intents for the next year and to 
receive instruct ions for proper proce-
dures for application and recognit ion , 
elc . 

A fat . wh ite cat was found by the 
Music Dept . Wednesday morning 
around the Matthews quonsets. The 
owner should contact ext . 2093. 

Two graduate students at Berkeley 
with backgrounds in international 
studies have organized a new college-
cred it summer program between 
Sweden and the Un i ted States . The 
students have obta ined a special grant 
from the Swed ish National Board of 
Education to bring down the costs. 
The program will take place from 
July 16 to August 14 th is year at the 
Folk College on Dalaro_ The program 
starts in Copenhagen and costs $495. 
For more Information wr i te to Victor 
Kayfetz, Berkeley . Cal if.. 94708 . 
before the May 1 deadline. 

cla •• ified. 
' 65 Volvo 1225. S875. call 488·5676 or 
753·8168. 

'68 Cougar barga in, call Dr . Kravis at 
the Un iversity Hospital. 

COLLEGE STUDENTS ONLY . EUR· 
OPE : Spain. Greece. Turkey , Rome, 
etc .• California Student Tours (213) 
478·6639, (213) 469·6875. 
'61 Corva lr Monza 2-door, call 459· 
2193. 

Ford 1967 Camper Van FOR SALE 
Fully equipped to sleep 4, Icebox , sink. 
table. propane stove, heater and 25 lb. 
tank , 4 man canvas tent, 2 man navy 
raft and more . Asking 52300 . Phone 
453·6932 . 

FOR SALE 8 track auto tape player, 
general motors unit. 4 speakers. 20 
tapes, asking 5100 . Phone 453-6932_ 

Typing service : UC experienced . 
Tech n ical typ ing, theses , manu · 
scripts. I BM electr iC . Trudy Robl · 
deau , M ission Beach 48'·0713. 

WANTED : paper on hlstorv of mlfh, 
call 4 .. ·.9.9. 

Translltor- Portuguue and Spanish . 
Degree . Top MLA Ind FSI Ratinlls . 
27'·8051. 

SOCIAL· ECONOMIC DEVELOP· 
MENT EMPLOYMENT OPPOR · 
TUNITIES. Nationwide directories of 
positions. All relevant fields . Ac· 
curate . Current. Inexpensive. In· 
formation write : Sociocom, lox 317, 
Harvard Square P.O., Cambridge, 
Mass., 02131. 

UCSO Students for Georlle Brown: 
Tuesday , April 21. 9 p.m . 11th floor , 
Muir dorms. 

ACLU: Monday, Apr i l 20. 8 p .m ., 2E3 
Room 302. 

UCSO Photollrapher's Assn. Meeting : 
Wednesday. Apr il 22. 7 :30 p .m . Upper 
Blake Lounge . 

Environ •• ntll 
~Wlrln'lI W .. k 

Monday, April 20, 1970 
Klck·off Convocation on the Plna, 
noon to 1 p.m ., Dr. Francis Halpern, 
UCSO Physics Professor, "Ecology 
and Politics." 

UN-BEAUerY 
i 
I 

GON'I'ES'I'! 

Nature Walks throullh Torrey Pines 
State Perk with Mr. Harry K . latlin 
from California State Department of 
Perks and Recreation, 1 p.m. to 3 
p.m ., free bus ride to the perk, mHt in 
the Urey Hall Perkinll Lot at 1 p.m . 
(bus stop by tennis courts) 
Environmental Film Night, USI 2722, 
7 p.m . to 11 p.m . 

Tuesday, April 21, 1'70 
John Iierold, Lobbyist for the Plan· 
ning and Conservation Leallue, "Poli. 
tics of Ecology," hillh noon lecture on 
Revelle Plna . 
Nature Walks throullh Torrey Pines 
State Perk, 1 p.m . to 3 p.m. (see Mon· 
day) 
"The Oceans and Eco·Catntrophe," 
seminar by SIO IIraduate students, 
Blake Hali Lower Lounge, 7 p.m. Tri· 
ton Times special ecology issue dis· 
tributed. 

Pltition. for ASUCSD 
II.ctions IVlillbl. stlrtinl 

todlY in 260 MC 
(SII Junn.). 

., 
UNIVERSAL 
STUDIO TOURS 

........ 

PACIFIC SOUTHWEST AI"UNES 

S .. e. o..t'"".\c,\ .. for 
c()'* QS~ r\)\e..~ 

A long list of prizes, including an appearance in a Universal movie, 
are being offered as part of the "Unbeauty Contest" being sponsored 
on 20 California college campuses by Pacific Southwest Airlines 
(PSA) and Universal Studios. 

The contest, which runs through April, is open to all full-time under-
graduate students. Contestants are encouraged to create-a unique 
visual happening on their own faces by using makeup. The aim of the 
contest is to produce funny, bizarre, unusual, weird, horrible-{)r you 
name it-effects. The only limiting factor is the student's own 
imagination. 

Universal suggests that participants in the contest contact their 
campus drama and theatrical arts departments for hints on how to 
effectively use makeup. 

Local campus judging will be held on May 4 under the direction of 
PSA's campus representative Pam Peterson. The winner from each 
college will be invited to Universal Studio's Tour Center on May 9 for 
the grand finals. 

The contest rules are simple. The makeup is to be sel£-appUed on the 
facial area. There is no limit on the types of material that may be 
used. "Before and After" photographs must be submitted with the 
completed entry blank to your campus PSA rep before April 29. 

Judges for the contest at Universal will include Bud and Mike West-
more, the studio's top makeup artists, and Billie Hayes who is 
currently starring as "Witchiepoo" in the new Universal motion 
picture "Pufnstuf. " 

The ~rand prize winner will appear in a Universal motion picture or 
television show (subject to production requirements) with a special 
makeup call personally handled by Bud Westmore. There will also be 
a lunch with the stars in the Studio Commissary and viaita to several 
sets during shooting. 

The winner will receive accommodations at the Sheraton-Universal 
Hotel of the Stars for three days and two nights with PSA providing air 
transportation and Valcar furnishing an automobUe provided the 
winner is 21 or over. 

For more informaUon about the contest cOntact PSA campus 
representaUve Pam Peterson at 4S3-M08. 

(Paid Advertiaemnt) 


