
V.lume J J, Num"er J J University .f Calif.rnia, San Dieg. Tuesday, November 3, f910 

** 

Rally Round 
The Reagan 

From the anticipatory excitement, you would 
have thought the DEUS EX MACHI A was 
about to come and tidy ur. the end of the play. 
Which, come to think of i , was not so far from 
the truth-Ronald Reagan was undoubtably 
descending at that very moment from on high, 
via the obfiging wings of a chartered jetliner. It 
was last Wednesday with less than a week 
remaining before the bay of Reckoning, and the 
good Governor was hard on the campaign trail 
rallying support for himself and less 
chari matic candidates who could benefit by his 
roomy coattai ls. 

In San Diego's 40th Senatorial District (Chula 
Vista, South Bay) the Republican candidate is 
conservative County upervisor Henry Boney. 
His op'ponent is Democratic incumbent James 
R. MIlls. the sponsor of anti-smog Propo ition 
18, who was voted California 's most effective 
senator by Sacramento correspondents. Mills 
has the enthusia tic and lucrative upport of 
organized labor, and the energetic and wealthy 
opposition of the " Highway Lobby" (freeway 
contractors. oil companies, auto clubs, who 
oppose Proposition 18). Because of Mill ' 
opposition to Reagan 's tax program, and 
becau e it rankles San Diego's Republic,!n 
establishment to have a Democratic legislator 
in the county anyway, it apparently was decided 
that the Governor should come down and stiffen 
Boney's challenge. 

The Setting 
So. on Wednesday morning th local political 

functionarie awaited their sta r attraction. and 
Chula Vista 's 3rd treet prepared for its finest 
hour. The Reagan rally . joint press conference. 
and spontaneous how of support were to take 
p ace a t Boney's campaign headquarters. an ex-
Southland ational Bank. The building was 
being provid d to the Republicans rent-free. but 
on the Big Day Southlands pre!iid nt was seen 
taking it out in VIP privileges. . 

The crowd that awaited the festivities was 
compo d of the usual Republican loyalists. 
plus a liberal sprinkling of pretty high chool 
girls. Th re was the standard middle-aged, 
trip I -chinned matron. She was wearing a traw 
bvater. garni h d with a Reagan bumper 

The leagon Crowd 

Jay Gillette 

The Joint Boney-Reagan Press Conference 

sticker, and her eyes gleamed bright 
Goldwater. There were the old women, Little 
Old Ladies In Tennis Shoes, stuffing envelopes 
and answering phones to relieve their boredom. 
There were retired avy warrant officers in 
uniform , and military personnel in mufti , 
di tinguishable by their close-cropped haircuts. 
There were the local politico in their dark suits 
and American flag lapel pins, and the silent. but 
ever-vi~ilant Security Men (read "Goon 
quad.' ) 

Pre-paid Pretty Face 
Most of the young people there were the 

pretty high chool gIrl who were being paid 
five dollars a day to hold signs and to carry out a 
telephone canvass of the district' s voters. 
ApparanUy they asked the people which of the 
four following IS ues facing California was the 
most pressing : 1) Campus Unrest. 2) Law 
Enforcement. 3) The Narcotics Problem. 4) 
Taxes. The people most often indicated it was 
none of these- the i sue of the Environment. 
was the most pressing. And . the politics of the 
girls was also surprising: of six polled , four 
were for Unruh in the gubernatorial race, and 
two said they thought there was not enough 
difference between th candidates to warrant 
voting. Regarding th mo t pres ing i sue, they 
thought it was the war and the draft. 

The First Coming 
Then suddenly the curtain went up and two 

great black limosines deposited Ragan and hi 
entourage at the front door . while a huge 
grumbling bus brought in the many grumbling 
journalists of the Traveling Pre . The fla 'h-
cubes popped and the girl mil d and th 
people cheered and the Most Powerful Man In 
The State radiated humble gratification. Th 
reporters swarmed about like fli s around hon y 
while Reagan hook hand with th Boney 
children, th n proce d d to th rowded pr 
room . The joint Boney-R agan n ws confer nee 
featured a well made-up Governor who spoke 
eloqu ntly and at I ngth. and a smiling ounty 
upervisor lSenatorial andidate who poke not 

a word. 
When informed b th TRITON TIME that 

c 

** 

The Pretty Faces Photos: T. Barak 
admiration had been expres ed on campus at found, there were undercover policemen 
the alleged report that he had a ked UC Regent mingling with the onlookers. Barak was " field 
Norton Simon to "Step Outside," the Governor interrogated" by a Chula ista plainclothesman 
b d h '1 . H . d' (who wore a goatee and a flaming pink hirt. eame appl y In response. e to Icated the presumably to as i t him in hi ta I{ of blending 
report was true, but that it needed further with the crowd.) The good police sergeant 
clarification. It seems that Reagan wa unable apparently objected to, or doubfed the propriety 
to understand what Regent imon was 0 . or was cunous about. Barak' photographing 
"mouthing" in the crowded Regents Meeting. of police officers. However. the sergeant ani! 
and had a ked Simon to step to the next room so the long-haired student journali t parted on 

good term . and a Barak drove off to return to 
that they might communicate in a more UCSD, a different policeman took down hi VW' 
effective way. Simon gathered up hi papers. license number. 
and made "as if to escape." Reagan moved . The slicke t 9f. California governor departed 
quickly around the table in order to have the In a more au pICtOU manner. preceeded by two 
ituation clarified before Simon left. Then, grim-looking moter-cycle police. a HP cr'ui r 

filled with plainclotne men, and a redundant 
according to Reagan. Regent Dutton entered ao<~ uncomfortable-looking Chula ista city 
the di scus ion and it got out of hand. poltce car. 

Re t Secure Ronald Reag;m i very. very good. whIch to 
orne makes film very, very dangerou . He I The two candidates left the conference and able to rais tremendou sum Of money and 

presented themselves to the 200 persons marshal tremendou popular supporf. bv 
gathered for the rally. Surrounded by Security combining an ability to touch the electorate 's 
Agents , Reagan addressed the people, who were deepest concerns With his manner of honest 
in their turn unobtrusively surrounded by incerity. He is therefore more effective than 
California Highway patrolmen and Chula Vista nruh and both ixon and Agnew. and probably 
city police. "Neatly dressed men who were thinks so himself. We half for these reasons 
obviou Iy bird-wafching were en conced on certainly hear from the Governor once more in 
nearby rooftops with oinocular and walkie- 1972, wnen for another office. manv more will 
talkies. And , as IT Arts Editor Terry Barak rally around the Reagan . • 
~----------------~------~--~ 

Up Against The Wall, Triton Times! 
Terry Barak 

Last Wednesday I was taking pictures of the Rally crowd, 
which inescapably included a great number of policemen. Then, 
lo! The Man In Pink laid bis heavy band upon my shoulder, 
thrust his opened badge-bearing wallet in my face, and 
demanded to see my Identification. 

He que tioned me as to wby I wa photographing police of-
ficers. I r~plied , " Why shouldn't I pbotograph police officers? 
After all, I pay their salaries! " He retorted, "It's OK for us to 
take picture of You People, but the rash of pictures of police in 
underground papers constitute a Security Ri k." 

At that point I realized a police bu twa a personal risk to me_ 
Accordingly I decided to use our Commander-in-Chief' for-
mula: " When the action get hot, it's time to cool the rhetoric '" 
so I did. He then became more amiable, presented me bi 
calling card, and after shaking hands, we parted on Good 
Terms. 

TELEPHONE 
42 7 ·3300 

EXT. 201 

INVESTIGATION DIVISION 

CITY OF CHULA VISTA 
CALIFORNIA 

The Evidence 

POLICE CEPART MENT 
276 GU A V A AVENUE 

Security 

Election Day Special ~ ~ 



Mort oh I Reports the 'News' Flag Desecration Seldom Prosecuted 
by Ca,1 Neibv,ge, 

" America 's only newspaper,"' Mort Sahl. 
entertained sever I hundred people in the Gym 
Sunday evening by citing lillIe known facts and 
anecdotes about the Nixon administration. the 
Warren Commission Report . and other 
bulwarks of the " e tablishment. " 

After a slow start. the omedian. clad in 
moderately long hair and blue denims. led the 
audience through a rambling. frequently 
digre sing. serie of stories. He quoted Eugene 
Mc arthy a saying of President Nixon . " If you 
were drowning twenty feet from shore. Nixon 
would throw you a fifteen foot rope. and he 
would point out to his cabinet that he had met 
you more than half way." 

He said that Herb Klein. former San Diego 
Union editor, and now pre idential press 
officer, explained ixon' s speaking style to 
him . " 'He stands in the center of the room so he 
can turn in an y dir ec tion that 's 
necessary'-which ismy basic objection to his 
political philosophy." 

Quoting George Orwell as saying " the test of 
any government is, is it truthful with its 
people," Sahl contended that the American 
government is so truthful tha t it endangers the 
national security. He cited the series of 
presidential commission reports that have 
appeared recently as evld nce. and quoted a 
notice at the front of the Warren Commission 
Report which read : "Printed in the electroplate 
gold offset process, utilizing tanic acids. 
Dangerous if swallowed." While orne of the 
material from the Warren Commission 
investigation is classified, if you write to the 
national archivist, Sa hI says, " You can get a list 
of what you can 't see." The list names the 
agencies that have classified each document. 
says Sahl, and includes, among other thmgs, 

Jack Ruby 's dental chart "for those oC you who 
think Ruby bit Oswald . " 

Sahl went on to discuss other politicians. often 
giving quotes. He cited Julian Bond as saying at 
the 1968 Democratic Convention that the 
presidential nominees were all alike : 
"Governor Wallace would drive over me in his 
car - he 's vowed to do that: Nixon would order 
his chauffeur to drive over me. and Humphrey 
would drive over me and cry a lot about it. " 

He noted that Governor Reagan told the 
KTLA telecopter reporter a t the scene of the 
Malibu fire, "This fire is the worst ~atastrophe 
since my election." 

Quoting a cleric at a church in La Jolla, 
attended by the president, as saying. "God bles 
Mr. Nixon, "Sahllooked towards heaven saying. 
" I don't think we should press Him that far ." 

More seriously, he quoted John Tunney as 
charging before the House of Representative 
that .. Adventurers in the Central lntelligence 
Agency in 1969 retailed $900 million worth of 
opium and heroin." 

In a longer story, he told of attending a 
reception for Retired General Curtis Lemay at 
the home of actor Jimmy Stewart. He met a 
colonel there that he knew from when he served 
in the Korean War. The colonel who was 
drinking heavily continuously criticized college 
students. to the embarrassment of the Stewarts 
and LeMay. As Sahl was leaving. the colonel 
said . " if they( studentl' l don't quit it. w~ ' re 
going to have to take over." Sahl replIed, 
" It'! very charitable of you to put that In the 
futu k tense." The colonel grabbed Sahl asking, 
" What do you mean?" Sahl answered, " I 
thought you took over already." The colonel 
turned to Lemay and said . " Well , that's the 
service - no one ever tells you lInything. ,. 

Foil U( Enrollment Released 
BERKELEY -Fall enroll-

ment for the general campuses 
of the University of CaliIornia 
totaled 101,925 students, an 
increase of 2,772 (2.8 percent) 
over last fall, according to 
statewide figures released 
Monday (October 26) . 

The total does not include 
enrollment in the medical and 
health sciences. These figW'es 
will be released at a later date. 

The new enrollment 
represents an increase of 3,470 
undergraduates (4.8 percent) 
and a decrease of 698 graduate 
students (2.6 percent ), com-
pared with last fall. Of the total 
registration, 76,077 of the stu-
dents are undergraduates and 
25,848 are graduate students. 

Page 2 Triton Times 

The largest enrollment in-
crease as a percent of last Fall's 
registration occW'red at Irvine 
(30.2 percent). Santa Cruz in-
creased by 19.3 percent and San 
Diego by 16.8 percent. 

The largest total increases 
were Irvine (1,352 students), 
San Diego (775 students) and 
Riverside (628) . Santa Cruz and 
Davis both increased by 609. 
Berkeley increased by 415. 

Enrollment dropped at Santa 
Barbara by 89 students, or .6 
percent. Total enrollment at 
Los Angeles was 26,738 
students, a decrease of 1,515, or 
5.4 percent trom last year . A 
decrease at UCLA of ap-
proximately 1,300 under-
graduate students was a 

nu.svu 
nDU.rlOB 

EASTMAN COLOR 

November 3, 1970 

planned reduction to pennit the 
campus to offset in part the 
rapid growth of the last two 
years and to retain its policy 
ceiling on undergraduate 
enrollments. . 

Enrollment figures by 
campus are : Berkeley, 28,066; 
Los Angeles, 26,738; Davis, 
12,505; Santa Barbara, 13,644; 
Riverside, 5,989; San Diego 
5,397; Irvine, 5,816; and Santa 
Cruz, 3,772. 

Did You Know? 
- that the AS food 

services spent 
$55,000 

on salaries last year? 

Support your own 
AS food services 

• Coffee Hut. 

-Winzer. 

- Scripps. 

WASllINGTON--(CPS)--Protestcrs charged 
with misusing the American flag ar. seldom 
convicted. but the courts ar resisting 
arguments based cn first amendment rights, 
instead throwing the cases out on narrower 
grounds. according to a study by the American 
Civil Liberties Union. 

Several courts have rules that variations on 
the flag which make political points are not 
violn1ifln. of fla g desecration laws. generally 
because the new item is not a nag. In 
Minnesota . for example. a man was acquitted of 
dese ration after he displayed a flag with 
a peace symbol instead of stars. The court held 
that the flag was not a flag within the meaning 
of the law, ignoring the larger question of the 
constitutionality of the flag desecration laws. 

A Pennsylvania student was held on $75,000 
bail after painting a flag on a sheet and 
displaying it on his house. For the stars, he 
substituted crosses and Slars of David to 
represent the war dead. A peace symbol was 
painted over the stripes. Convicted in a lower 
court, he appeared . and won. The case was 
dismissed. 

In Colorado, a youth who ripped a flag to 
dramatize a class speech was reinstated at 
school by court order. He was expelled under a 
state law prohibiting behavior "inimical to the 
welfare, safety, and morals of other pupils." 
The court overturned the expulsion on grounds 
that the student · had not damaged his fellow 
students' "welfare, safety, and morals." It 
refused to say whether the expUlsion violated 
the first amendment rights of the student. 

In Washington state and New Hampshire, 
persons have been freed after arrests for 
sewing the flag onto another item, a car in 
Washington and a jacket in New Hampshire. In 
one case the charges were dismissed, while they 
were dropped in the other. 

In the state of Washington, a trial which had 
aroused considerable publicity resulted in a 
conviction of the defendant for nag burning 
de pite evidence he wasn't there at the time and 
a confession from another man. The judge 
sentenced the defendant to six months in jail 
and fined him $500, observing that "There is too 
much of this going on in our country today. 
Freedom is a one-way street. Freedom is the 
right to do the right thing, not as someone 
pleases." 

In many cases, lawyers are presenting a 
collection of more than 100 flag items collected 
by Pennsylvania lawyer Bernard L. Segal. 
Included are a cancelled ("defaced " ) U.S. Six-
cent flag stamp. a bikini , ties, belts, a 
photograph of Roy Rogers and Dale Evans in 
flag vests, a toilet lid , a beer serving tray, and a 
civil war photograph of Lincoln and McClellan 
in a tent eating from a table covered with a flag. 

There have be n conflicting federal court 
decisions on whether a youth has the right to 
remain seated during the pledge of allegiance 
to the flag . Two judges have held that such an 
act is legal , but one held that it intruded on " the 
educational experiences of others." 

Tarr Orders Draft Boards 
To Aid Escape V.ia Lottery 

WASHINGTON (CPS ) - Any man who is now 
deferred. and who would be in the lottery 
selection pool for induction if he were not 
deferred , now has a method to take advantage 
of his high lottery number and use it to escape 
the draft now. 

Under an advisory memorandum sent by 
National Selective Service Director Curtis Tarr 
to all local draft boards recently, such men may 
voluntarily relinquish their deferments and 
enter the I-A pool. Prior to this time, this 
matter had been open to debate, and draft 
boards were supposed to maintain all 
registrants in their deferments as long as they 
continued to qualify for them. 

System spokesmen are quite confident that no 
registrant with a lottery number higher than 195 
will be called this year, unless there is a 
declaration of war or a national emergency 
which requires massive mobilization. At the end 
of the year. those men whose numbers have not 
been reached by their local boards and who are 
classified I-A, I-A-O, or 1·0 are moved to a 
second priority pool. Men have not been called 
from this second priority pool or its equivalent 
tinder the old system since the Korean War. 

Registrants with high numbers who wish to 
take advantage of this opportunity to take the 
draft off their backs may write a brief letter to 
their draft board asking to be reclassified I-A 
immediately . Any registrant who does so is 
taking a slight chance that the system might 
suddenly decide that it needs many more men 
than it is presently planning to take, and should 
think carefully about this possibility, however 
slight. It does appear, from all indications 
presently available, that the ceiling of 195 will 
be valid . 

This rule of course only effects men who 
turned 19 or older during calendar year 1969. 
Those turning 19 this year were not in the first 
priority pool and therefore will be placed in it on 
January I, 1971. Therefore, this escape route is 
dangerously uncertain for men not yet in this 
year's pool who are under 20 years old. Next 
year's lottery ceiling number could be any 
number at all , and no one can make any 
predictions about it. 

Crisis Center Offers Help 
Kathy Rv~t 

Staff W,ite, 
If yoW' ever have a serious 

problem or need help in a hW'ry, 
the nwn ber to call is 239~325. 

Dialing 239~325 will put you in 
touch with people at Crisis 
Center-a group of people who 
volunteer their time to help 
solve emergencies The Crisis 
Center was founded by several 
students from San Diego State 
College two years ago. Its 
purpose is to help people who 

PACIFIC HONDA 

have problems in legal, 
medical, or drug-related areas. 
It can refer callers to 
psychiatrists, suicide-
prevention centers, and 
abortion counselors. 

In addition to referring 
callers to other agencies, the 
Crisis Center provides 
emergency food, transportation 
and clothing services. For 
example, if a caller needs to get 
to a hospital, but does not have 
any transportation, the Crisis 

WalJahead 
and all alone. ' 

Center will send someone to 
take him there. If an elderly or 
disabled person needs to get to 
the welfare board or the 
market, the Crisis Center will 
provide transportation. If the 
caller considers his problem an 
emergency, the Crisis Center 
will do its best to help him. 

The Crisis Center also 
sponsors . two regularly-
scheduled clinics. Doctors from 
the University Hospital 
volunteer their services to the 
Medical Clinic, which is open on 
Mondays, Wednesdays, and 
Fridays from 6 to 9:30; the sign-
in period is 6 to 7:30. The 
Medical Clinic tries to help with 
all medical problems either 
directly or by referring patients 
to doctors who can help. On 
Fridays, the Medical Clinic 
administers pregnancy tests, 
gives physical examinations, 
and distributes birth-control 
pills. On Tuesdays and ThW's 
days 7 to 9 the Crisis Center 
sponsors a legal clinic at which 
two attorneys volunteer legal 
aid . 

Crisis Center telephone help 
is available from 6 to midnight, 
Monday through Friday, and 
from 1 to 7 on SatW'day and 
Sunday. Help is available for 
drug -related problems from 9 
A.M. through 10 p.m., Monday 
through Friday. 

TIle Crisis Center is financed 
primarily by donations. Almost 
all of the staff members are 
volunteers. If you would like to 
help , donations may be sent to 
the Crisis Center, 3004 Imperial 
Avenue, San Diego. 

Masquenxli", 01 ltuden" ntCII' 01 ,Ite y"r, ,Ite UCSD pop4lla,ion gr~ in ,Ite mire of 
'heir ~ jrtltincts in commemora,ion 01 A" HaIIow'a fve. TIte 'wo wl',hes, 0' lef" or. 
odually lovely coeds ntCII' 01 ,Ite ,ime-bel, IooIr 0' ,Item ltere' 'rnogine ,heir notmol a'ro;n of 

su,Hession. Likewise ,Ite 'reaks 0' ,en'er. And ,Ite opes 0' righ., had '0 be ph~~IIy 
r"'roined from sJo&ering over ,Ite whole window, once ,ltey dISCovered how delK/fWs 
ordinary glass (on be. 

UCSD's Ugly People 

Doncing hands 0' ,Ite Hanoween donce IteId in Muir 
Commons. Hundredl o"ended ,Ite Iree even', wi,h music 
cour'"y 01 Gnarely lleaa". This weird photogrophic eHee, 
wos ob'oined by holdi", ,Ite camero shuffer open lor haH 
o second while 0 plychedelic lIoahing a'robe provided ,Ite 
ligh,. 

"orescen, body pain' WOI provided for ,Ite dance, 
Here ltuden,. en;.y pain,ing.aclt .,Iter. 

Have 
The night air hung heavily with a 

strange scented mist on All Hallows 
Eve. Ghouls and ghosts and other 
horrible creatures floated 
surrealistically through pace. Oh, no ' 
It must be the Season of the Witch! 

College traditions : there 's the 
Harvard-Yale football classic, the 
annual Homecoming game, ("beat 
state" ') the Berkeley Spring Strike, and 
of course, there's the UCSD Halloween 
waterfight. Who needs ivy-covered walls 
when it's easier and more fun to drench 
them with water? Unfortunately, the 
skin-diving club was not renting o~t its 
photographic equipment Saturday nIght, 
so we don' a have any pictures, sports 
fans. If you want a more vivid 
description of the action, talk to 

Resi~ent Dean Ernie Mort. He caught 
most of it. 

When the drenched figures tired of 
heaving garbage cans of water on each 

Their 
other. they retired to the quieter sport of 
trick-or-treating. Residents of the 
dorms handed out cand y. cookies and 
other assorted prizes to the costumed 
beggars. . 

Day-glo bodies pulsated to the eefle 
sounds of Gnarly Beast in the Muir 
Commons. Under the strobe lights, 
freaks were freaking out wi th 
flourescent paints, free eats and other 
goodies provided by the participants. If 
the rhythm proved to be too slow, the 
ghouls and goblins descended the stairs 
to ente r the fairyland of fun and games 
in the snack bar. . 

Apple dunkin g , hot d ogs , 
marshmallows, and near·beer were 
scarfed up by the Halloween goblins to 
the tune of Kindling at the coffee Hu t. 
While the trick·or-treaters were 
rocking , the La Jollans of Poole Street 
were talking - to the Campus Police. 
that is. Evidently the nOI se of the 

Triton Time. 

Night 
fes tivities were keeping a few citizens 
awake. 

Out of the silence of thenightblared a 
thousand different sou nds calling the 
roving band together to celebrate the 
witching hour. Settled on the floor of the 
Matthews Campus recital hall. the 
audience experienced Terry Riley 's " In 
C" performance. Every instrument 
played the C note {or as long as the 
musician deemed necessary. The total 
effect being what one on-looking 
skeleton man described as " funky 
groovy baby." 

Bleary·eyed and droopy·footed the 
UCSD trick·or-treaters finally headed 
for home. vowing that another 
Halloween would take place 50011 
(Election Day, maybe? ), In the words of 
one fairy princess. "Man. like Haloween 
is a ve r-ry to-gether day. I think we 
should have Halloween every day." 

Noyember 3, 1970 Po,_3 



on tiDles 
University of California, San Diego 

La Jolla, California 92037 
(7141 453-2000, lilt. 1016, Advertising lilt. 1017 

Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff F . dB' M ne , usmess onager 

The editorials .lIp'.,..ca below are ~oved by the TRITON TIMES Ed't . I Boa d "'II he " 
• .."....ca on thO L._. he ' hor I orlQ r . .. at r opinion, 

. .. pag~ are trNa t aut I wh_ names oppeCIr in the bylines, ancl do not ~_~11y reflect the VieWS of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone d.si,ing to submit mat.rial to be ubi ' heel . 
this iAhon should .. ncI it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blak. Hall, UCSD. p.. In 

San Jose-More 
Last Friday the President of the 

United States was stoned but, un· 
fortunately for all , it was not the self-
induced type. There is no need to go in 
depth into the obvious manifestation of 
the incident at San Jose-the windfal l 
of uncommitted votes for Reagan and 
Murphy. However, there was also the 
sli ghtly more subtle result of 
strengthening the people's feeling of 
"my President, right or wrong, my 
President." This in tYrn results in 
obscuring our racial problems, the 
War, and the lagging economy behind 
a need to "Draw (the) Line On 
Vi olence." 

There is no doubt that those who 
attacked" the President could care 

less who it helped or hindered 
politically or how the people would 
react to it. They have neatly packaged 
the world's ills behind a condemnation 
of Americana. Those of us aware of the 
fact that racism and things like war, 
were prevalent long before the 
military·industrial complex, 
capitalism, or even Columbus, realize 
that the problem is really much more 
complex . It involves reforming those 
prej udices, fears, and suspicions in 

than Tomatoes 
people's minds that have always in· 
fluenced man's behavior toward those 
of different beliefs, color, creed race, 
ideology and country. An incide~t like 
that at San Jose only adds to the 
problem . 

Even if one doesn't care if the rock· 
throwing helps Murphy beat Tunney, 
one should deplore the fact that it only 
leads to bl ind support and defense of 
the establ ishment. All in opposition to 
the President should be united in the 
common goal of dismantling Mr. 
Nixon's majority. This will never be 
accomplished as long as the issues are 
buried behind attempts to achieve very 
temporary satisfaction by putting a 
tomato in Milhous's ear. This is a cold 
rationalization for ceasing to pitch 
things at Richard Nixon, and is made 
in the realization that those who 
engage in such acts probably won't 
consider much else. 

Yet, those who have a deeper con· 
cern for America-concern for its 
people, not its economic system-and 
desire the reform of our institutions, 
should deplore the attack .on these 
institutions, if not the attack on the 
individuals who occupy them. 

Yes on Pro·position 'A' 
San Diego voters will face a number 

of ecological tests on todays ballot. One 
such test will be Proposition "A", a 
measure wh ich will probe just how far 
San Diego County residents will go to 
ward off the growing ecology crisis . 

Proposition "A" will author ize the 
Board of Supervisors to issue and sell 
bonds for up to $7,000,000. This en· 
vironmental trust fund will be used to 
purchase real property as open space 

. for future parks and recreational 
areas. 

We feel that the approval of this 
proposition is crucial for the future of 
San Diego County, especially after 
considering the county's rapid growth 

:::~~.~.~:~:~:~:~:~:::~.::~:::~:::::::::::::~:::~:::~::::;~::::;::::::::~::;:::;:::;~;:;:;:;::::::::~~ 

arts 
writers 
needed 

!it::::.:.:.::::::::::::::::::::::::~!~::::~::~;:::::::::::::::::;:::::::::::::::j\! 

and spiral ing population. Open space 
must be acquired as soon as possible 
for two reasons . First of all , once these 
open areas are developed for other 
uses, they are usually lost for good, and 
the amount of open space is 
decreasing significantly. Secondly, the 
settlement of such land transactions 
must be accompl ished at a time when 
such property is still available, and at 
lower prices. 

Also, since Vehicle Code 
misdemeanor fines and forfeitures will 
be used to pay the $7,000,000 principal 
plus interest on the bonds, the effect 
Proposition "A" will have on property 
tax levy will be at most minimal. 

A crucial point in the proposition is 
that public hearings will be held on 
each proposed expenditure, and that 
each expenditure needs the approval of 
at least four board members. We feel 
that this requirement affords the 
necessary control over any possi ble 
misuse of funds. 

Proposition" A" provides a feas ible 
solution to at least part of the growing 
environmental crisis . Parks and 
recreational areas become in · 
creasingly important as San Diego 
County becomes more and more I ike 
an " asphalt jungle." 

I triton tiIlles 
Editor-in-Chief .• Haywood Gammon 
City Editor ... ..... Rich Heimli ch 
Managing Edito - . ..... Mike Klayel 
Copy Editor.. . .. . Ch u 'k Graham 
Business Manag ~r ....... Jeff Fried 
EditorialOirect () r .. Raoul Contreras 
Associate City Edi tors .. Owen Joyner, 
Arts Editor .... . .... Terr) Barak 

ports Editor . . ..... Rocky Halfon 
Photography Editor .... John Zaller 

ontribuling Editor. .. teH Landau 

Newt Depo,lmont 
Rod Lorang 
Juliano Cinque 
R".- n.co.lo 
David Kopeluunik 
Kathy Ru.1 
Carl Neiburger 
Robert Miller 
Molly Selvin 
Bruce Morden 
Mike Kantro 
Mike Rath 
Brenda Wilson 
Mike lyono 
Mike Tawney 
Jim Sillo 

Arll Deporlment 
Joy Gillette 
Peter Gordon 
Bobbie Fink 
Lorry Johnson 
Arli,l, 
Saroh McKenna 
Allan Sekula 
George SOloni 

A .. I Managing Ed 

Advorli,ing 
Doporlmonl 
Mark Trilling 
Susan Code. 
Molly Selvin 

Secretarial SlaH 
Steve Cohen 
Marge VanVolken. 

burgh 

Joe Eostorn Copy Deporlmenl 
Comy Sharick Sharon Weldy 

Debbie Montgomery 
Produclion Glena 5chrool., 
Do.e Buchbinder Molly Monlgomery 

The TRITON TIMES i. officially recOllniud and .upported o. a .tudenl new.poper by Ihe Communicolion. 80ard 
of the Un,ve"ily 01 Colilornio, Son Diogo, Bvilding 250, MoHhe.,. Campu., La lolla, California 92037. Publica tion 
i. twice wHkly on Tue.day. and Fridays. Offices are located in room 117, 81ake Hall . on lhe Revelle Campus. For 
Advorl i.ing phone .53· 2000. X1017; for ed itoflal or new. phone XIOI6. 

Page 4 Triton Times November 3 r 11170 

Opinion 

Vigilantes and the War Syndrome 
Jim Sills 

I recently read a historical accoWlt of 
vigilantism in America . The author, Richard M. 
Brown, feels that vigilantism is a basic 
American tradition. He outlines its usual origin 
as follows : A group of highly-rnotivated persons 
begins agitiation against persons they consider 
outlaws or a danger to the social structure; the 
commWlity overtly or covertly supports the 
agitation; the "vanguard" group of agitators 
then constitutes itself the representative of the 
people and takes direct (usually violent) action 
against the offender. The author concludes that 
the victims of vigilantism were usually lower 
class, Black, or politically radical. 

I did not connect this "American tradition" 
with UCSD Wltil I read an article on "a war 
syndrome." The "war syndrome", to my sur-
prise, was occurring on campus, among the 
students . The syndrome affects yOWlg vigorous 
men of the warrior class and age. To this are 
added external signs of identification: clothes, 
language, and hair. Hair and aggression have 
often gone together (e.g. Vikings Sikhs and 
Chindits ). Assemblies are held in which the 
adversary is called animal names (usually 
monosyllabic), followed by pointing (an 
aggresive act). Next, little dashes and attacks 
are made on "enemy territory ," and 
pe':lultimately wrecking, looting, and arson. 

Suddenly, it all became so clear. There was the 
blocking of the Marine recruiter from the Em-
ployment Office by SDS in February 1969. This 
action was sympathetically treated by a 
TRITON TIMES editorial which called the 
Marines "lawbreakers ," citing Bertrand 
Russel 's War Crimes Tribunal as authority . 
Thus, the normal processes of law were not 
working and SDS in true vigilante style, set out to 
correct this "injustice. " 

Tacit Agreement 
In May, 1969, there was the "People's Park" 

student strike. A thousand students meeting in 
Revelle Cafeteria voted to strike (making many 
references to "pigs" like Reagan, Nixon, etc.) 
and many others temporarily boycotted classes. 

Opinion 

As any proletarian knows, a strike is only ef-
fective if everyone participates. Thus, SOS sent 
its brown shirts to stand in the doorways of 
several classrooms lest "scab" students become 
strike breakers. Again, the mass of strikers 
tacitly supported this vigilante action (against 
political "criminals"), and propogated a climate 
'of fear which suppressed most opposition to the 
strike. 

Then came the Cambodia student strike of last 
May. This time the "lawbreakers" were 
University professors doing research fWlded by 
the Department of Defense. Tried in the Court of 
Public Opinion they were fOWld guilty and the 
vigilantes rode. Their offices and laboratories 
were occupied and they were barred from 
pursuing their research. Their pri vate 
correspondence was searched and some of it 
published. Desks were broken into and money 
stolen . The Persecution and Assassination of 
S.S. Penner was typified by the legend "No. 1 
military.lackey pig" scrawled on the door of his 
office. Intimidated by the vigilantes, legal 
authority (the Academic Senate) promised to 
"investigate" those charged by the vigilantes as 
being law breakers. 

Height of Violence 
. The Spring 's activity was climaxed by the 
smashing of 50 windows at the Chancellor's 
offices, an attack against a TRITON TIMES 
reporter , and a firebomb attack on the Revelle 
provost's office. Faced by these mindless ac-
tions, the students recoiled and tried to 
disassociate themselves from these acts. This 
they could not do. For it was they who had tacitly 
supported SDS brown shirt tactics in taking over 
buildings, harrassing professors, and in-
timidating those students who disagreed. 

TIle vigilantes 'are still there, now trying to 
silence Professor Munsinger for expressing 
heretical opinions (dangerous to the social 
structure). Are we to see a bizarre repetition of 
the intimidation of Galileo to suppress 
"dangerous" ideas? It can happen if 80S gets 
your tacit support. 

Proposition 18: 

The Beginning 
David Epel 

Associate Proffessor 
Biology 

Proposition 18, the constitutional 
ammendment which will allow up to 25 percent 
of the gaSOline tax to be diverted to mass transit 
and research on air pollution. has suddenly 
become a controversial proposition. Recent 
opponents of this proposition include several air 
pollution control officials in the City of Los 
Angeles, the San Diego Women's Repubiican 
Cl ub , and more recently, the minority opinion 
on the TRITON TIMES Editorial Staff. The 
various reasons for this opposition run the 
gamut from the concept that true polluters 
(auto manufacturers and oil companies) should 
pay ttie costs of pollution research, to the 
concept that mass transit really isn ' t a very 
good idea anyway, and that we should solely 
count on the automollile for transportation. 

On the other Side, we hea r that the present 
form of transportation tax perpetuates our 
automobile culture and lends to defeat any 
attempts to achieve equitable pub lit 
.transportation. It is pointed out that the 
proliferation of roads. ex pressways and 
freeways. is ~emoving valuable landscape at an 
ever Increasmg rate . Also, the concomitant 
prolif eration of automobile usage means 
IDcreased gasoline tax , increased road 
construction. and a decrease in public 
transportation. I t has al 0 been pointed out that 
Californians face this country's worst air 
pollution problem ; that we- have th most 
photochemical mog in the country ; that 
emphysema, asthma and bronchitis are 
increasing at an alarming rate in urban 
California . 

I submit that Proposition 18 is a futuristic 
conceptworthy of the. unqualified support of our 
Umverslty community. In th not di tant 

fu.ture. the on Iv lea sible mode 01 transporta lion 
Will be primarily via public ·conveyance. In a 
world m which valuable structural mmerals 
such as iron and copper are being rapidly 
depleted, man shall be turning more and more 
to synt~etic materials, such as plastics, which 
are dertved from oil and coal. As such it is a 
criminal waste, or will soon become a c'riminal 

~aste , to simply burn oil and gasoline in the 
mternal combustion engine. Thus, just on this 
economic ba sis, private transportation as we 
know it today will no longer be possible . 

Whether mass· transit as we now define it can 
take care of our transportation problems, 
remains to be seen. One can easily visualize 
working mass transit systems in such densely 
populated cities as New York or Boston . It is 
harder to . visualize them in the spread·out 
megalopolis of Los Angeles or San Diego. New 
systems will have to be tried , and it is ostrich· 
like to assert that we must depend on the only 
system we presently have. namely the freeway· 
private automobile nightmare of the 1970's. 

Moving away from the large private 
automobile will be the hardest, but perhaps 
most citical step that the developed world will 
take in the next few years. Such a change will 
mean major alterations in our life style as 
individuals. Given the major economic impaste 
of manufacturing and se rvicing automobiles. 
the movement to mass transit may have an 
even greater effect on our economic live. As 
noted above. stich change are a I ready 
necessary on environmental grounds, and on the 
grounds of over·exploi tation of irreplaceable 
mineral resources. 'Proposition 18. in its way. 
will b gin th gradual proces es leading to these 
change . 

ETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Professor of Marine Biology 

Express your 
ideas 

In 

TRITON TIMES 
Send letters 

and columns to 
Editorial Director; 

TRITON TIMES 
117 Blake Hall 

UCSD 

Did Lola Lie? 
Reading through the posters, 

leaflets, and newspaper (in 
fact, all the campus media ) I 
have continually found a bias in 
favor of the Left. Being a 
freshman, I thought maybe lhis 
was because the non· Left was 
afraid or lazy ; I didn't know. In 
a fortuitous moment I decided 
to read DIMENSION, the 
conservative opinion journal. 
Thts paper seemed to be a 
contradiction to my opinion 
since it explained the ' other 
side" of major topics. I was 
amazed at the article 
concerning Contemporary 
Issues at Muir College. I think 
that it is unfortunate that the 
Ii tera ture being handed out to 
students tends to be Qro-Lefl: 
but much worse is the lact that 
a college course is basically 
pro-revolutionary in its reading 
material. Lola Schwartz is the 
CI director and she has the 
final okay on all readings. I 
therefore believe that slie has 
committed a perfidy. 

Concerning the charges of 
bias, she replied that one TA 
was having his class do an 
"analysis and critique of 
Western revolutionary 
writings." In the latest edition 
of THE DIMENSION , 
Contemporary Issues was 
again being discussed and the 
cfiarges broadened. Now it 
appears that the obfuscating 
truth is that Lola Schwartz 
lied : revolutionary literature 
abounds in all too many 
sections. The books in 12 
sections vary fron non-p'olitical 
to radical. The radical books 
are sprinkled among the 
sections in what appearsl0 be a 
discreetly thorough manner. 
Certainly books alone do not 
make a course revolutionary 
but I do believe that both sides 
should be present. It appears 
that Dr. Schwartz and the TA ' 
do not deem this as necessary. 
It seems to me that Dr. 
Schwartz ought to explain the 
obvious bias in her class. I 
therefore propose that she 
pr~uce an explanation (I.e., 
write an article, make a 

stat~ment, read from the 
reqUired literature ) which will 

While you were away, 
A.M. Radio came back! 

Try KDEO·910 
All Day - But Especially 

After 8 :00 P.M.-
It's mellow music and Manning! 

GUARRNTef!) NfVf~ 
To R'P OUT 

let everyone know her views 
about the class. A clarification 
is needed. This is my I>osition : ( want to know the Tacts. If 
Lola Schwartz cannot explain 
the evident bias, then she ought 
not to be director of CI. 

Thank you , 
Mike Sheerin 

TT AsA 
Ha;r Curler 

Editor: 

I probably have no business 
writing you, as I am only a non· 
academic employee; however, 
somewhere I read you wanted 
to hear from all the UCSD 
community. 

I make it a point to read your 
"Times" just to see what is 
going on, and usually get my 
hair "curled" in the process. It 
seems some of your feature 
writers in this haven of higher 
learning would be speechless if 
it weren 't for the little goodies 
they are able to pick up on 
washroom walls. 

Is it necessary to try to 
duplicate the " rags" that hit 
the street? What's wrong with 
putting out a high-caliber paper 
that one might be proud to take 
home and share with his 
family ? 

Uorold II . llill 
_10 

CAREERS IN 
LAW ENFORCEMENT 

3000 Challenging and Rewarding 
Openings for 3000 Concerned Men 

$10,691 to Start 
Tuition Reimbursement 
Accelerated Promotions 

City of l.A. will test at S.D. State College Placement 
Office, Sat. Nov. 7 from 8 a .m. 10 4 p .m. Call the 
Career·E ducation Plann ing Placement Center at 
453·2000, ext. 2401 for details . 

SOUNDSVILl·E 
everyday low prices 

plus specials! 

RECORDS·TAPES 
four stores to serve you 

1231 ,Irn.t lve 
plcific "Ie. 

cell ••• IV. III. 
.1 caje_ ~Id 

'1' lIi,,1 

6054 II.Wp.rt .WI 
IC... hlc. 

hlhllnll 
,1111111' IVI 

cllir.l.t 

ACADEMIC SLAVERY 

bOlh Inll Itltin.ry 
Irt .. It.rills 

halhnlrk carda 
party goads 

nortlt coast stationers 
121 north highway 101 sollnl beach 

155-4923 

offiu supplies Ichool lupp litl 

GRADUA TE SCHOOL 
OF ADMINISTRATION 

University of California, Irvine 

The Graduole School of Adminislralian 
(GSA) 01 Irvine offers program, of advanced 
.Iudy leading 10 Ihe M.S. or Ph.D. degree in 
Adm inis lrotion . Through these program. 
individuals moy prepare for sign ificonl roles 
in business or industry, in educotion. and in 
government , 

The GSA'. ph ilosophy of education assumes 
that , 1) .ignificant problem. exi.1 common 
to bus iness · induslr iol . educat iona l, ond 
government organizotions, 2) 0 common s.et 
of disciplines, concepts and lechniques ex ist 
for the analysis of .uch problems, and 3) many 
future administrators will wor~ in two or mOre 
of the insl ilul ional arenas du rin g Ihe ir 
careers . 

The M.S. program i. intended to increase 
Ihe likelihood Ihal fulure leaders will be 
able to communicate effectively and move 
easily from one kind of organizational unit 
10 anolher, thereby provid,ng IOciely with 
versotlle managers and adm inistrators. The 
Ph.O. progrom lor the fie ld of Adm,nislralion 
has the usual academic and research objectives . 

Consiste nt With Its orientation to a general 
and interdisciplinary perspective of odm nistro · 
lion , the GSA seeks .Iudenls from .i1uc lIy 011 
academic and profellionol disciplines . A roriely 
of studenl background. i. considered on asset 
10 Ihe procell of educolio~ . 

If you are a senior or graduate sludenl and 
woufd lIke to d iscull our program' in relalion 
to ' your inlerest and pions fo r I,. fvlu,e , we 
would like 10 meet w,th you on campus on 
Tuesday, November 10, 1970. An appolnlmenl 
con be mode through you r compu, placemenl 
office. 

Dean' s Of/,ce 
Graduate School of Adm,n,s!ral,on 
Un,verslty 01 Ca"'ar",o. Ir.,ne 

-- 1--

Triton Times November 3, 1970 Page 5 



Urey Hall 
Art Exhibit 

-

Linda McAllister Arts Writer 

Platter Tips 
by Dock C/. rk 

Fall is the season where 
things are "brewin"-plenty 
of hot sides are Skidding onto 
the hit parade. First, Kids, 
B.B. Ktng, that soft-touch 
down-home blues man. has 
done it again- and thi s time 
our fr iends at ABC/Dunhill 
Record s a re calling it 
" Indianola Mi ss issi pp i 
Seeds." When we look inside 
the handsome double cover 
we find out why: BB was born 
in Indianola. Mississippi. The 
gang working out on this dis 
Includes Leon Russell (the 
star borrowed from Shelter 
Recordsl. The pieces are 
mostly authored tiy BB. wi th 
contributions from Leon and 
Dave Clark (remember those 
"Mersey Bea t" sounds like 
"Can't You See That She's 
Mi ne"? l. 

Also from ABC . Dunlull 
come a Rare Bird. callin,R it 
LP " As Your Mind Flies By .. 
Your mind may not wfiile 
Ii tening. but we hear some 
good orga~ work along the 

way reminiscent of The ice. 
Watch for more things to 
come from Rare Biro . 

Poco is getting " it' · on with 
its new LP un Epic-only we 
can' t be sure what " it" IS. It 
seems that Poeo caught itself 
in a rut of indecision in not 
being able to make the 
transition from Country Rock 
(of which Poco was a 
pioneer ) to more current 
things. Somehow " Poco" 
leaves us nei ther here nor 
there. 

Other movers on the hit 
parade from Columbia are 
"The Byrds Untitled" (trying 
to get out of a country sound 
is tough : but this live double-
album record ing still comes 
across I and The Firesign 
Theatre's latest ensem ble of 
absurdities. .. Don't Crush 
That Dwarf. Hand Me the 
Pliers."' 

?AC~r~C 
YAMA~A 

complete sales 
& service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
1556 ,Irnlt IV. 

Icilic buch 274-6343, 

~ • ~ I,om busin'" (Old, to brochur., 

~ g!,~~~;,::,~~~~~ ::;;~= 
Page 6 Triton Times November 3, 1970 

Civil izotion Through the Tube 
Sargun A. Tont 

Arts Writer 

Educational TV . in spi te of the very good intentions behind it. 
has been moving along with the grace of a lame duck since its 
conception several years ago. There are some good programs 
offered. few and far between, but they are hard to watch sin e 
the stations operate through a UHF channel (the picture on 
your sets remind you of a snowstorm in Northern Alaska ). 

Immediately following a " cooking" program where a lady 
shows us how to cook some exotic foreign aish, we are served 
another type of dish, not to nourish our stomachs but our 
brains. Tile J.lrogram IS called "Civil ization" and is di shed out 
by an authOrity no less than Sir Kenneth Clark (Wednesdays at 
8:30, Channels 15 and 28) . 

Sir Clark, as far as the British intellectual community is 
concerned, falls somewhere in between Arnold Toynbee and 
Malcolm M)lggeridge. He is an art historian by profession , but 
like many other great intellecll,als his wandering territory is 
lont: and wide. Not that he is a:ways right , mind you , but that 
he IS always stimulating and informative ; he is one of the few 
intellectuals who is not boring. 

After watching the first two programs of a projected series 
of thirteen, I had the feeling that what Sir Clark was serving us 
was not exactly chateaubriand , but not meat loaf either. 

CRESCI'S C & M 
No. Opt. h."",,-Tu.~., Ih'DU,h Fri", 

5:30 10 • , •• • 
Try li.s .. lI_r s,..a.lsl 

rUESDA T THURSDU 

mta' bali .. ,d.i,h 
salo. a •• be,.,.g. 

II' 

,o,i.li •• ,.,h.11o 
1 ~·Ii· holf) 

salad, rali. bo"''i' 
,,. 

10",.0 
salad . ,ali, bemgge 

'L ID 

.pegh"". mea' bali. 

.. lad. ,.Ii. b, .... ,. 
'l. ID 

(~I(k.n (f((!olori 
salad. ,ali, b ..... g. 

'L ID 

hom ".d.i,h 
pel.IO lei .. or 
"I. ,I •• 
,i,kl., be .. ",. 

'UD 

lasagna 
.olod. r.Ii , 
b""og' 

'1.10 

FRIDAY 

.bal ... ptn, 

..I.d on' boy", •• 
' 1.10 

(Jo~ L .... 
,h." •• 1 d .. u ,.g 
roli D.' b" .. o,. 

PIZZA at any time! 

CRESCI 'S C & M 
Deli and Restaurant 

7833 Girard Avenue 
La Jolla, Cal if . 92037 

phone: 459-5191 

UI course there are some difriculties involved with this kind 
of undertaking. The subject is too important and complicated 
to be squeezed into 60 minutes. Others have tried in different 
media . Van Loon did it once ; H. G. Wells tried to write the 
entire history of the world in one volume (a nd it certainly 

hows it) . Russell made a hell of a good try in " Wisdom of the 
West". but how much one is wisdomized by this highly witty 
accoullt is open to debate. Actually works of this kind are very 
imilar to revival meetings: kneeling in front of the pulpit and 

accepting Jesus as your saviour does not make you an 
authority on the Gospel : likewise Sir Clark's program will not 
ci vilize you. 

The first two lectures. entitled " The Frozen World" and 
" The Great Thaw," cover the period from the fall of the 
Roman Empire through the 13th Century. Laid in front of us is 
a dazzling display of monasteries, church buildings, church 
sculptures, church painting and church etceteras. Nothing 
wrong with thaI. As Ann Freemantle once wrote : 

" . .. In the Middle Ages religion and civilization were so 
closely united that religious institutions were the main organs 
of culture ... " And Sir Clark adheres to this view. What is left 
of course are the others, notably the people of the Muslum 
world who, when the Christian world stood still, were busy 
translating Aristotle and Plato. Sir Clark not only leaves them 
out but he also bypassingly lumps them with the other 
barbarians! He should know better than that! Not only that, 
but with a "our barbarians better than yours" attitude he gives 
special attention to Vikings by caressing a horrible-looking 
shiphead with the same fervor and devotion of a Hugh Hefner 
stroking one of his favorite bunnies. 

But everything aside, this is a good profram. Camera work 
is excellent, and the background music (0 a religious type ) is 
immensely moving. And Sir Clark: entertaining, prejudiced, 
brilliant and little snobbish . .. Don' t miss it. 

Support the 
CRISIS 

CENTER ' 
239-0325 

STIAW HAT 
PIIII PALICE 

611 Balboa & Genese, San Die<jo, California 
For Piua To Go Call 277·7992 

S.A.N'D~ICHES 
Palace Delight {KnackWurst Cheese &. Pickles 
Hot Dog 

3ge 
39c 
69c 
79c 
age 
age 
age 
age 
age 
a9c 
age 
a9c 
8ge 
8ge 
89c 
89c 

Swiss Cheese 
Ham 
Ham &. Swiss Cheese 
Salami &. Cheese 
Hot Ham Dip 
Hot Pastrami Dip 
Pastrami &. Slaw 
Meatball (With Melted Cheese) 
Submarine 
Old Chicago (Hot ha", . Pastrami &. Slaw) 
Canadian Bacon, lettuce &. tomato 
Hot Italian Sausage 
Hot Beef Dip (on French Roll) 
Rosta Beef Sandwich (onion roll) 

Ali Sandwiches with Chips &. Pickles 

Spaghetti .99 
Ravioli .99 
Half &. Ha,! .99 
Spaghetti &. Meat Ba lls 1.39 
Child's Plate .79 

Individual 
Family Bowl 

CHOICE OF DRESSING 
Italian - Bleu Cheese 
French - 1000 Island 

.29 

.99 

SOUP· DESSERT 
50~ 

PEOPLE 
PLEASIN' 

PIZZA 

.;.: 
~; 
.... 

:=:: 
.:-: 
:.:. 
;!:: 

:~:; 

I 
:=:: 
,',' 

I 
.... 
.... 

,:~ 

::=: 

I 
.',t 
..•. 
:::: 

~~l: 
.•.. 

Anthropologist G,..., .,...", ". lira, ...... hi tINs jj1! 
yeor's Mandeville lec'ure Series. :::; 

.•.. 

. :.: 
:.:. 
:::: ~ N 

MandeVille Lecture Series:!!! 
Gregory Bateson, noted anthropologist and researcher, { 

will deliver the first in a new series of Mandeville Lee- ;::: 
tures Thursday, November 5, in the Gymnasium at the . 
University of California, San Diego. t 

TheThlecturMe, frdee .anU d open to thSee public, will begin at 8 .::.:; 
p.m. e an eVl e Lecture ries, which began at .... 
UCSD in 1966, is lUlderwritten by Mr. Ernest W. Man- :::: 
deville. retired businessman and publisher. Over the :=:: 
years the series has brought sueh speakers as Earl ,:.' 
Warren, William O. Douglas, John Kenneth Galbraith and .::.:::.:::.:: 
Henry Kissinger to the UCSD campus. 

Bateson, born in Grantchester, England, in 1904, has 
had a distinguished career in teaching and research in the I 
fields of anthropology, psychiatry, psychotherapy and 
ethnology. He is currently Associate Director for ;::: 
Research at the Oceanic Institute in Waimanalo, Hawaii. .;:.:~.:j.:j He received a B.A. in Natural Science from Cambridge 
University in 1925 and an M.A. in Anthropology from 
Cambridge five years later. During his student years and :~:~ 
immediately following, Bateson conducted an- .•.. 
thropological field work in New Britain, New Guinea and :~:~:l:i 
Bali. In 1936 he and anthropologist Margaret Mead were 
married. ;::: 

He came to the United States in 1940 where he worked .. 
with the Musewn of Modern Art in New York City and ;::: 
later, during the war, with the Office of Strategic Services ... ::.:;.: •.. :~ .. :~ in Ceylon, India, Burma and China. He later served as a 
Visiting ProfellSOr at the New School for Social Research 
in New York and at Harvard University and as a :::: 
Research Associate with Dr. Jurgen Ruesch at the .:.i.:.i 
University of California Medical School. 

He has served on the staff of the Veterans Ad· :::: 
ministration Hospital in Palo Alto, and has conducted .:.~.~.! 
research under grants from the Rockefeller Foundation, 
the Josiah Macy Jr . Foundation and the National Institute :~.:i 
of Mental Health. During 1963-64, Bateson served as :::: 
Associate Director of the Communication Research In- ;::: 
stitute on St. Thomas in the Virgin Islands. He joined the .•.. 

.. ;:;:;:;~~~~~:~:~:;~~g~:~:~;:~;:~~~~~~~:~:~;~;~:~;:;~:!~~;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;J~! 
Want to write-
Heimlich 

folk arts 
blues, folk JIZZ, 

rock on r.cord 
Ilso: pottlry , jlwelry, 
luth.r, 

hind midi cloths 
3153 indil 

(torner wuhington 
Ind indil) 

A StuHed Tortillar 
A Jug of Wine 
and Thou-

Mexican Food 
at Its best 
like wow! 

Casa 

AI Jones 
160 GerlM! 

Pacific 
'tach 

see- Rich 

SS21 lo Jolio Blvd 

COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANK i 
327 F st. 

PAYS OONOIS 
for service 
Tilt' . Ihrll Fr i. 

9:30 '· 7:30 
Sat. 9:30· 5:30 

Closed Sun. &I Mon. 
233·8328 

Splashers Capture .Two 
In Week End Meets 

Since our last ep.isode. a week ago, the Triton water polo 
team ha.s seen actIOn (of the game type) three times. The 
splasher s copped two out of the three. ex lending their perfect 
ho~e rec~rd and staying close on laremont's heels (fhppers? ) In the make hlflleague standings. 

Last Wednesday in the TRITON pool . as you know (so where 
were you?) , U SD h~sted Cal Tech. Being. as usual , lightly 

~egarded , C~I Tech qUickly got behind 3-1. As UCSD wa s lulled 
mto lackedalslcal play ~ Cal Tech make a surge to tie the core 
3-3 .. Fortunately the Tritons forgot about their labs and tarted 

" thlnkin~ water polo" (famous quote from Coach Becker _ 
cherish It ). The rest of the game ~as alternatively controlled 
by UCSD and the refs , and though It never really seemed like a 
run away the score at the end read something like UCSD 11 or 
12, Cal. Tech 4 (roughly). 

MOVing on to Fnda~, UCSD also moved to San Diego State 
for the annual clash With the cross town rival. Let us say from 
the out-set the better team did not win. Almost every facet of 
the game was ,. for the most part, dominated by UCSD. This 
unfortunate ly .. I~cluded fouls also. While it seemed the SDS had 
all six teen mllhon of their student bodies in a suit ready to 
play, the TRITON substitutes numbered three. 
. As the fourth quarter,got und~r way at4-4, the UCSDers were 
In foul troubl~ John 0 Connell s arm was sore from throwing 
many balls aKalnst the goal rim. and SDS employed a new goah~ 'cause their first stringers arms were so sore from 
blocking UCSD penalty shots. Yes, that's right ! Not only did 
the :rR~ONS keep the gimp streak going, they set a record by 
having fLye blocked ! It got to the point where Coach Becker 
thought hiS team was being penalized when they took one . 

Well It got to the point where UCSD just ran out of bodies and 
even had to put goalie Dennis Revie in the field (shoulda been 
the football field) . Acknowledging that Dennis is a brilliant 
SWimmer, when you've got a left handed goalie doing the 
shooting, well I've heard of clever stralegy, but. ... 

Not to dwell. on defeat. UCSD returned home Wednesday to 
encounter OCCidental. Oxy was not only big (they averat:ed at 
least 7'2", 295 ) but not entirely stupid . The game was ntp and 
tuck all the way, and had Gary Becker not been playing for 
U.CSD, O~y would have won by 3 goals. But Co-captain Gary 
plck~d thiS game to snap out of a mild Slump ttoo much 
surfmg, no ~ou.bt ) and ~ome up with four goals. This included 
the game winning goal In the last 10 seconds by cleverly faking 
as tliough. he was going to drive clear out of the pool and sh001 
from behmd the goal. At the last second he turned. spit in th 
goalies f,!-ce1 ana powered in a shot to the amazement of everyone mc udlng Gary Becker. UCSD 6, Oxy 5. . 

Th~se of ¥ou who ha~e been unable to drink in the excitement 
of thiS year s season will get a chance Wednesday tomorrow at 
3;30. as UCSD hosts Pomona. Pomona has aiready fallen 
Victim once and as before you should come early to get a seat 
or else you may have to si t on Ana 's or Roxy's lap. 

Miss Bikini First Leg 
In Walk To Hawaii 

The UCSD ba sketball 
players and the TRITON Pep 
Club will be walking and 
cleaning the beach from the 
La Jolla Shores Pier to south 
Mission Beach this Saturday 
starting at 9:00 a .m. The 
purpose of the walk is to raise 
money for a five day trip to 
Hawaii for a series of 
basketDall games over the 
Christma holidays. 

Each player and Pep Club 
member hopes to get as many 
sponsors as possible to pay 
them for each mile walked. 
The walkers will be picking 
up trash a nd debris as they 
walk so that they will be 
providing a community 
service. rather than just 
asking for outright cash gifts. 

After two weeks of 
practice , Injuries have 
already plagued the team. 
Wilson, last year 's starting 
center, has been out for two 
weeks with a chipped bone in 
his ankle. Turner , another 
returner, will be out for two 
weeks due to an operation on 
his foot. 

Concerning the walk , 
an yon e who may be 
interested in sponsoring a 
walker please contact the 
P.E. Department (ext.2275 ). 
You r he I p' will be 
appreciated . 

View From 
The Roek 

Rocky Holfon 
Spor/$ Edito r 

Confusion still seems to Panthers which has so far 
surround the alterca tion that been ignored. The Panthers 
followed last week's Pan ther- behaved throughout the game 
Purple Gopher intramu ral li ke foo tball players . 
football game. Reports were displaying the tensions and 
carried last Friday from the angers of a hard-fought game. 
Intramural Department, the Bu t inexcusable behavior 
BSU. and Mike Lyons. a occurred near the end of the 
TRITON TIMES reporter game. Finding themselves on 
who is also a member of B. U. the short end of a 19-18 score. 
Complaints of poor rei ing some Panthers suddenly 
and racial slurs were heard th rea tened one of the 
from th BSU and Mike referees ; and with the final 
Lyons; and the Intramural whistle one openly attacked 
Dept. offered a reply. Since one of the opposing players. 
the event itself is still When efforts to subdue the 
shrouded in mystery, I will angry Panther arroused the 
report it here as I saw it. rest of the Panther team. 

The game was a very hard they attacked those trying to 
fought one. featuring the two stop the fight. It is this 
top-ranked teams. The hitting reporter 's optnion lhat the 
was expected to be hard , and behavior of the Panther team 
it was, even more so than was unpardonable . 
expected. But it was clean. In a community where we 
Both teams gave and took are trying to work together 
their share. The officiating for change and a better 
under Question was, as far as society, it is essential that we 
I could tell , very good. All stay together. The actions of 
three refs did as well as any the Panthers. no matler what 
student refs ever do. The the heat of the moment, was 
subsequent action of the inco nsis te nt wit h th e 
Intramural Department was, expressed policy of the BSU. 
however, Questionable. It as well as against commonly 
bent over backwards to accepted sta nd ard s of 
appease some of the behavior. If we want to 
Panthers. continue as a homogenous 

Finally we should consider community, we are going to 
the action of some of the have to try a lot harder. 

MISS MOST WATCHA8LE BIKINI Will LEGG WITH BAll 
PlAYERS ON WAY TO HAWAII Photo: Jan Fronek 

Most of this year's team is 
new with only four returners 
from last year 's squad . Mark 
Wilson, Brian Todd , Dave 
Gregory. a nd Dave Turner 
are back. The remainder of 
the team i composed of a few 
members of last year 's frosh 
team transfers, and one 
freshman . Jon LeLevier. last 
year's frosh team's " most 
va luable player," leads four 
mem bers of tha t tea m to the 
varsity. An impressive list of 
transfer students is headed by 
Steve Meerson (UCLA ). J im 
Browning (Cypress J .C.), Eli 
Curtis !Tulsa) , Dave right 
( anta Monica ), a nd S ott 
Wright (Fullerton J .C. ). 
Steve Hoeh is lhe lone 
freshman . urtis. especially. 
looks very good in practice 
and appears to be a certain 
starter. oach unningham is 
looking forward to this 
season. " We are small as we 
always will be b'cau ' mo ·t 
tall player ' receive athletic 
scholarships to som other 
school. So we pia n to pres 
and run a lot and mpha ize 
d fen . Win or 10 it sh uld 
be an xciting bra nd of 
basketball to watch." 

Re(reation At A Glan(e 
MUIR OUTING - Th ey may oon be sca ling 
Urey Hall for fun and as long as they are 
successful at " repelling " down and don't land in 
the plaza fountain . I gu s no one will mind. 
They are a group of adventurous hikers . 
camp rs raf[smen and even travel by 
car ... well as far a th TJ border. 0 comments 
concerning their Mexican adventures ... theyw ill 
want to tell you tho th m Ive . all13arb 
Hickey X-lOSS. They need you to be number 78 
on their rost r ; It'S a growing club! 

GOLF - This club has a reputation for ha ing 
play rs exe ptional in portsmanshlp . Usuall 
It i becau ' no matter now bad your score is. 
you ventualIy win a golf ball anyway .. or th y 
know you will quit. 0 the hand icaps get larger 
a few get rna lIer depend ing on who i aqatng 
the scor cards at thc 19th hoi . (That is usually 
the loughe ' I hole to play) Lessons are availabl 
by " Pat" Patrick U D Golf Pro. and 
ex ur ion to ari u golf cour ' are scheduled 

monthly. Of course pl"y IS scheduled every 
Thursday at Tecolote at 5.00 pm and to be 
included ju t call Mar] X-2275 

EA-~EUCER - To give a " full " r port on 
the kin and cuba di 109 c1ub's actlvllie may 
take an.other twenty p1ges. so may I 
urn rmm ze by saymg. ~~luld y. u like Abalone 

or Lo~st r fo r ThanKsg lvl1g Dtnner? Join now 
aVOid th ru h. not all divers have gills and 

Irlaybc you ca n till get In! 'all B rt X-2283 
NOW Kl - 1 Jellst Oil(' trip i . be ing planned 

for fo ur beautiful days of kllng at Mammouth 
in F bruary Even snow plowers olre ('ome 
Just remember if th sun l OUt but the snow 
hasn', m 11.<.'<1. cover ,'our facc so you don't 
come bark with un burned lips Right Lee . 
'a ll Lec -2282 or Don Campbell 453-8865 e t 

III ling wtth ftlm Mond .' ovembcr 2 7 
pm 2 ·2402. 

Triton Times November 3, 1970 Page 7 



TUESDA Y, November 3 
ELECfION DAY, 

LECTURES-noon. 409 MC 
Recital Hall Music Department 
Seminar, "Technical Seminar on 
Sound Movement by Electronic 
Means. Part II. " 

oon . USB 2622. AMES Fluid 
Dynamic s Film Serie, 
" Pressure Fields and Fluid 
Acceleration. " 

4 p.m.. 2A-2313. ACM-APIS 
Colloquium, Richard Hamming. 
"One Man's View of Computer 
Science ... 

oon . Salk Small Seminar 
Room. Dr. orman. " Mind and 
Memory." , 
BLOOD MOBILE-I-5 p.m., at 
Surfside. SIO Campus; ('ollecting 
for the UCSO and /or Strickland 
blood fund . No restrictions on 
food except for a minimum of 
fatty food . Donor must be in 
good physical health and between 
the ages of IS and 63. 
Refreshments will be served. 
MEETINGS- 12 noon. Cabrillo 
Hall . Matthew Ca mpus. 

United ative Americans. 
Anyo ne of Ind ia n desce nt 
intere ted in getting involved in 
our rec ru itment-motivation 
program is invoted to attend th 
weekly meeting . 

4'30 p.m.: Revelle Informal 
Loun ge .Chri stian d en ce 
Organization. 

S p m.. 2A-2101. Highland 
Bagpipe Band. 

10 p.m.. 250 MC : 'ASUCSD 
Council meeting. 

WEDNESDAY, 
November 4 

CAREER SEMINAR-9-IO a.m .. 
7104 rev Hall. General 
Dynamics. 'oi cu Ion of career 
opportunities: what the future 
may hold for the aerospace 
industry. Arrange for individual 
interviews which follows the 
seminar. at CEP . ext. 2401. 
CHANCELLOR ' S PRES 
CONFERENCE- 12 noon. orth 
Dining Hall. Revelle Cafete ria . 
LECfURES- 4 p.m . USB 2722. 
Ph ysics Col loqui um . Dr . 
Brueckner ... Atomic Structure." 

U--;:., 
~ 

RADl0-6:30 p.m .. KFMB-Radio 
760. Chancellor York and Bruce 
Morden . AS Commissioner of 
Community Services. will be 
gu sts on "Topic" to di cuss the 
Community Interaction Program 
(formerly People-to-People l. 
TV-S :30 p.m.. The BBC-
produced " Civilization" p~ogram 
on Channel IS. A televIsion set 
will be set up in the Humanities 
Annex . HL Bldg.. for person 
wishing to view this program. 
SPEECH-S:30 p.m.. Revelle 
Cafe , Peter Buch. of the Socialist 
Workers Party. will peak in 
defence of the Palestinian 
Revolution. Spon ored by Young 
Socialist Alliance and Associated 
Students. 
SPORTS-3 :30 p.m.. UCSD 
natatorium. UCSD vs. Pomona. 
Varsity Water Polo. 
ISSUES NOW-7 :30 p.m . SB 
2722. 
COFFEE HUT- film night. 
starting 9 p.m. 
MEETINGS-6 p.m .. USB 4020A. 
Alpba Sigma Phi. 

7:30 p.m.. 201 M . Black 
tudents Union. 

THURSDAY, 
November 5 

BLOOD MOBILE-I 1-3 p.m . 
Firehouse on Matth w Campus : 
collecting for the CSO blood 
fund . 0 food re triction except 
for a minimum of fatty foods ' 
before donating blood. Donors 
mu t be in good physical health 
and between the age of 18 and 63. 
Refreshments will be served. 
LECf RES-12 noon. Sumner 
Auditorium. Sumnernoon erie . 
Dr David Warrell. "Travels In 
Ethiopa" Hlu trated with color 
Iides. 
4 : 15 pm . HL AD . 

Profe or ' Inaugural Lecture 
Series. Professor E Peter 
Geidu chek . " How Viruses 
Develop - Some Tricky 
Strategies. " 

S p.m . UCSD Gym. Mandeville 
Lecture eries, Dr. Gregory 
Bateson. Anthropolq! isl. "The 
Human C ... ndition: Crises and 
Promise." 

? ~I 
I, )1 

The Look: 

I I 
JJ 

I CALCULATING 
The lack: 

No-iron solids, stripes 
and plaids. 
sa to $91 pltrl 

[ill PEGGERe FLARES 

Page 8 

PLAZA CAMINO REAL 
CARLSBAD 

(Metro Ticket Agency) 
FA HI N VALLEY 

Triton Times November 3 , 1970 

8 p.m.. USB 3010. SIMS 
Meditation Lecture. 
CAREER SEMI AR-2-3 p.m .. 
Blake Informal Lounge. ar ers 
in Municipal Government : A city 
manager will de s cribe 
opportun ities for college 
graduates in public management. 
personnel. commu nit y 
development. data . pro essing. 
legislative analysis. engineering. 
and other publi c service 
activitie . 

* ELECTION DAY * 

MEETING-Anomaly Factory at 
7p.m. 
SPECIAL NOTE - Th e 
gymnasium will be closed for 
recreation at 6 p.m. for the 
Mandeville Lecture Series. 

FRIDAY, November 6 
LECfURES-12 noon . 1202 SSB. 
Community Medicine Seminar, 
Robert Aranda . " utritional 
Status Stud y of Mexica n-
American Preschool Children: 
Anthropological Considerations" 
and Jerry Cade. "Children of 
Appalachia . " 

3 p.m.. Informal Lounge. 
Philosophy Colloquium. Haskell 
Fai n. Ti tle to be announced . 

4:30 p.m .. 2105 Bonner Hall. 
pecial Biology Seminar, Dr. . 

Fred Fox . " Membrane 
Biogene is." 
MOVIES-Friday Night Flicks -
HITCHCO K'S :' Psycho" and 
"Saboteur" and Buneul and 
Dali 's" n Chi n Anda lou" 

COFFEE H T 
WEDNESDA Y - Film Night 
The Rai/rodder 
Jane Ma nsfield 
Oddballs 
Hedi Lamar 
J Weismuller - Jungle Jim 

REAGAN 
OR 

UNRUH 

YOU 
WHO ARE 

21 ! 

It's Up 
to yOU. 

VOTE 

SPORTS. WRITERS 
NEEDEO-
******* SEE ROCKY 

ROLLER SKATING I FUN !!! 
1 30-4 Sol Mol Pri'ole Parties ~ 7:3c:.~~~~e~ol GrolJp Rotes I TRI-CITY~OttE~ RINK 

212 S. CEDROS ° SOLANA BEACH o 755-4158 

PSA tel Is 
ucSan 
where !Ggo: San FranCISCO San Jose Oa Sacra menlo. Los les. Hollywood 

Burbank . and Onlarlo 
So go Fr m S n 01 0 

Call your campus r p 
ravel iH] fl or PSA 

pes, ,au a I tit .. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
The Education Abroad 

is a sta te-wide 
. nrnarr:llm , presently operating 

cooperation with universities 
fifteen countries. UC 

are able to make 
toward their UC 

while studying at a 
outside the United 
benefiting from all 

aspects of involvement 
another culture. 

Applications for all 
are available now at the 
of International Education, 
MC. The deadline for 
United Kingdom al'l, .. ~.a •• v' 
November 15 and 
centers January 15. 

CLASSIFIEDS 
For Sale 

1964 V.W. Bus with 1970 1600 cc 
engine 2 barrel carbo fold out bed 
w i mattress-carpet, paneling 
drapes . New brakes & rebuilt 
transmiSSion . Call John at X · 10'16 or 
222·2517 . 

1970 VW Bus 
Sunroof, Radio, Heater. Ex-
cellent condition 53,000. Ca II 
Don or Steve at 453-8446. 

'66 Ford Van , Good Condition, 
Contact Dan Robison , Room 
#406, Beagle Hall. 

Wanted 
WANTED : Acolytes 

Priest and Priestess trainees , 
beautiful young men and 
women to serve as acolytes in 
Temple of the Heart at the 
UCSD Art Ga lIery from Nov . 11-
Dec. 1. No Previous Experience 
necessary . Call X1998 for more 
info. 

Job Opportunities 
The Communications Board is badly 
in need of a secretary . If you are 
looking for a iob. have secretar ial 
skill s. and have qualified for Work 
Study. contact the Work Study Office 
(ex . 1963) for a referral. Hours 
arranged. 

Services 

PROFESSIONAL TYPING - Fall 
service reasonable rates sail .. 
faction guaranteed medical a. 
technical typing our pecialty. 
277-2561 after 5:00 p.m. 460-0543 

T yping" .Expe rienced t ypi I. 
paper . thes is. Eleclric IYD"wrilerl" 
Will do ru h jobs. 453-6835 . 
Service on schedule. Disti 
typing by helen and iulie. 
Satisfaction is our product IBM 
Executive. 
7466 Girard Suite 15 459 ·8888 

Interested In Survival? 
cerned About our Ecology? 
functional , workable, nonpo 
cal solution to this mounting, 
now drastic problem has been 
quietly awaiting your discovery 
for over 40 years. For complelt 
information send a 6( stamp, 
self -addressed envelope to: 
Operation Survival, P.O. au 
2019, La Jolla, California, 92037. 

Personals 
I 

Terrific watchdog-compani .. 
needs loving home with room It 
run . Beautiful 2 year old Ger· 
man shepard . Gentle disposi· 
tion . Call 453-1704. 

GROUP-DISCOUNTED 
AUTO I RANCE 
f 

C.S.I.S. 
PROTECTED 

Suite # 1 
583-9393 

NOll VZINV~HO 


