
-I 
Volum. 10, Numb.r 3 

, 
Uni".r,ity of C.liforni., S.n Oi"o Frid." April 10, 1910 

Del Mar Cbuncil Hears Complaints 
of Sunday's 'Potluck' Dinner Arrests 

Susan Graves 
Staff Writer 

About 100 persons crowded into the Del Mar City 
Council meeting Monday to protest the arrests 
made at a "potluck" dinner on the Del Mar beach 
Sunday afternoon, along with other incidents of 
police harassment. 

Those arrested were Revelle senior Larry Fl'ost, 
for refusing to show identification and for con-
tributing to the delinquency of minors; Muir junior 
Charles Marston (not enrolled this quarter) for 
refusing to disperse upon request from in front of 
the Encinitas Substation, and John Martin, ex-
student, who was arrested for obstructing a police 
interrogation, holding an illegal assembly, and for 
an illegal fire on the beach. Frost did show a draft 
card and gave his name and address to the officers, 
and the party was being held on private property 
with the permission of the owner. All three persons ' 
arrested say they were neither told their rights nor 
given complete statements as to the charges held 
against them. 

Affidavits and pictures were given as evidence to 
the Council that the three persons were unjustly 
accused and one, Martin, treated roughly by the 
police. One photograph shows Martin being grabbed 
at the neck by one officer as he was held by two 
others. Testimony at the Council meeting by Martin 
indicates that he received a bloody nose and was 
quite bruised up before he was taken to the Enci-
nitas Substation in an arm lock. When others 
followed the police, " to make sure the two arrested 
didn't get beaten up any more at the substation," 
Marston was arrested for failing to disperse and 
" because I have long hair and a beard and hap-
pened to be close to the door." All three were taken 
to the San Diego County Jail and released later that 
evening. 

John Hoagland of Del Mar said that Sunday's 
incident was not the only case, but that the group 
was protesting the many incidents of harassment in 
which police "exceeded constitutional bounds." He 
related one incident in which he himself had been 
stopped twice and held for a second warrant check 
performed on him by an officer who had five 
minutes before been part of a first warrant check. 
Hoagland was delayed from work for over an hour. 
Persons in the audience agreed that this was the 
"usual procedure" for the harassing of local "long 
hairs." Robert Cohen indicated that Sheriff Carter 
was one of the great instigators in the police harass-
ments. 

John Martin said "the whole incident is like the 
last straw," and that it was too bad that free food 
could not be put out on the beach for all to enjoy. He 
suggested that "Officer Carter ... no longer (be) 
welcome within the city limits," that "unarmed 
constables live within the Del Mar community, 
enabling them to know the residents. He further 
requested that complaints lodged · against the 
Sheriff's Department be taken elsewhere than to the 
Department so that requests could be fully 
presented to outsiders and not overlooked. 

Mayor Tom Pearson and City Attorney Gerald 
Lewis then explained the relationship between Del 

Mar and the Sheriff's Department as only being "a 
contractual one," and that "the city does not have 
any control during the term of contract." Mr . Lewis 
further said that the Council "could not dictate 
personnel policies" for the Sheriff's Department 
and that most of these things were a judicial func-
tion in which the Council had no part. Mr. Lewis 
suggested that the Council had the municipal right 
to establish a private police force or mercenary 
force, and that the only thing the Council could do 
was examine the contract method. 

, Councilman Richard Rypinsky didn't " feel that 
the Council was so impotent," and Councilwoman 
Janice Heinzmann felt the Council certainly had the 
right to develop police protection to be given to all 
groups. John Martin then proposed that at the end of 
the fiscal year in June that it be proposed that a Del 
Mar police force be established by the citizens 
exceptfor a "state of emergency. " He felt that "this 
can be done. It depends on if you want to do it or 
not." 

Mayor Pearson expressed the hope that Del Mar 
would establish its own police force and hoped that 
it would be soon. Costs for the Sheriff's Department 
services run $68,000 a year. Councilwoman Heinz-
mann pointed out, however, that to develop the 
same cov~rage for the city would cost $125,000, 
which would include a central police facility, and 
that the establishment of a police force would have 
to be delayed for awhile. 

Barry Shapiro, a UCSD graduate student, 
repeated the incident of the shooting of Samuel 
Jordan in Del Mar earlier this year, and expressed 
the hope that Del Mar would "adopt a policy of non-
discrimination to long hairs and blacks," and, 
"more important, acceptance in the community." 
He pointed out that at the first gathering of the 
" People's Pot" on the beach, there were three 
arrests, and that "was not very encouraging." 

Mayor Pearson asked if a reasonable approach to 
the problem would be to appoint a group to work 
with the Council "right away," so that "we can 
better live in harmony." He said that Del Mar is still 
a young city and that they must "generate new 
working arrangements to suit problems." 

Del Mar resident Jerry Miller indicated that he 
"likes to see police patrol" and stop outsiders. He 
said he did not want his children to be subjected to a 
"dope environment." Councilman Rypinski noted 
that the people were not against a police depart-
ment, but were advocating a police department 
with a "decent, hwnan approach." 

Bill Shark of UCSD pointed out that as a legis-
lative body, the Council as "friend of the court" 
could request that charges be dropped against those 
arrested. 

Mayor Pearson said the Council had a "Personal 
commitment" to "operate legally to improve the 
existing situation," and expressed an interest in 
attending the next " People's Pot," to which all are 
invited, to be held next Sunday afternoon, April 12 at 
the 15th Street beach. He and the Council express an 
interest that people not delay in establishing a 
formal committee to coordinate with the Council. 

Meyor Tom Peuson (second, left, end o .... r memllen of tile Del Mer City Council discuss problems of police IIerns· 
_ --.;m= ,n, wl'" student, et Mono nl lit's council m~"~tl~n.!.:.:.....-_________________ _ 

County Sherifl uses stranglehold on John Martin while arresting him at " pot· 
luck" dinner on Del Mar beach last Sunday . 

Angela Dayis' Contract 
Renewal in Doubt at UCLA 

BllAlaoglu 
Associate EdItor 

The Angela Davis case has 
opened on a new front, as her 
contract as an acting assistant 
profellOr of philosophy _ is 

All ,II DIVil 
reviewed prior to renewal in 
June. It appears that she may not 
be rehired by the UCLA ad-
ministration under heavy 
pressure from the Regents. 

Miss Davis' contract review by 

her department, according to 
Donald Kalish, chairman of the 
Philosophy Department at 
UCLA, "is not unusual, as all 
assistant professors are under 
the same standard review on a 
one-year basis .. .it's a normal 
procedure," He also added that 
he saw no reason to believe that 
Miss Davis will not be rehired as 
a result of departmental 
reconunendations. This approval 
was confirmed by Los Angeles 
Times reporter William Throm-
bley in an article last week. 

However, the UCLA Daily 
Bruin reports that UCLA Chan-
cellor Charles E. Young reported 
to tbe Regents ' February execu-
tive session that Miss Davis 
would not be rehired on tbe basis 
of a normal departmental 
review. 

The Regents , according to 
administration sources, do not 
expect Miss Davis to be rehired. 

(continued on page 12) 

War Protest Planned Next Wee' 
Owen Joyner 
Staff Writer 

The national anti-war movement enters a more intense stage this 
month, with a week of coordinated, nation-wide protest scheduled to 
start on Monday. In San Diego, various related activities are planned 
culminating in a March through the city and a rally in Balboa Park on 
April 15, 

This month's plea for peace will make evident the tremendous 
financial expense of the Vietnam war and the great need to divert 
these monies to solve pressing domestic problems. This is why a good 
deal of the planned protest activities are directed at the taxpayer, who 
must meet his deadline at the middle of this month. 

Being shown on campus today is the film, " Inside North Vietnam" 
made by Felix Greene, a reporter for the SAN FRANCISCO 
CHRONICLE. This film supposedly displays the tremendous will to 
win of the North Vietnamese people. 

The weekend will be taken up with the task of leafletting in the San 
Diego area - reaching the taxpayers at such places as shopping 
centers and movie theatres. 

Starting Monday there will be a three-day fast held as a symbolic 
reflection of the war suffering. Moratorium leaders suggest that 
money saved on food during this fast be given to the American Friends 
Service Committee or the Fellowship of Reconciliation in Vietnam, or 
a favorite charity. Accompanying this fast will be a vigil to be held at 
the post office in Downtown San Diego. The purpose of this vigil is to 
explain to the citizen, who will be paying his illcome taxes at the post 
office, the immense, wasteful burden which he must shoulder. Also 
petitions will be submitted to Congrt>~~m.," ,~m .. ,,- ='-::! V.:r. D-.. ,li:;. 
who have offices in the post office building, demanding an end to the 
war. 

Meanwhile at UCSD, the recruiter from the Naval Electronic" 
Laboratory w,ill be picketed during his attempts to enlist employees 
from this school on April 14. The ~EL evidently engages a good deal of 
scientific expertise from UCSD in the construction of such war devices 
as "people detectors" and in anti-submarine research. 

(continued on page 12) 



Mexican-American grapepickers and their suppor-
ters are seeD above celebratiogtbeir recent victory 
in a long struggle for better wages and working con-
ditions. Tbe CaWornia grape growers assented to 

many of tbe workers ' demands last week. UCSD's 
MECHA sent several students to Coachella to join 

. in the festivities. 

Farm ' Workers Union Claims 
Strike Breakthrough 

Juan Lopez 
Guest Writer 

Cesar Chavez, director of 
UFWOC, highlighted a 
celebration in Coachella Sunday 
when he spoke to an estima ted 
3,000 farmworkers and friends, 
with students from UCSD in the 
crowd. Chavez calmly denounced 
any impulse to violence : "Our 
movement is dedicated to non-
violence ... and no matter how 
poor or how rich, all respect our 
faith in non-violence." He also 
encouraged better rela tions 
between union members and 
"scabs," who in the past have 
hindered negotiations. "Our fight 
is not with the worker, it is with 
the grower," Chavez said . 

The UFWOC was celebrating 
the successful outcome of five 
years of tension with grape 
growers in the Coachella Valley 
in Central California . 

During the spirited celebration, 
mariachi bands sang and played 
songs of the Mexican Revolution 

of 1910. Meat donated by the 
UCSD Huelga Committee 
through their collection of script 
money and donations helped 
make the celebration a total 
success. 

Though the bre~kthrough in 
nego tiations between grape 
workers and some growers has 
given evidence of the success of 
the boycott, all is not won, Chavez 
said. He stressed the importance 
of intensifying the grape boycott 
in order to bring the larger 
growers to the bargaining taable. 
At the same time, he assured the 
contract growers that UFWOC 
would start a campaign to sell 
union label grapes. Furthermore, 
state and federal administrations 
continue to negate the fact that 
farmworkers are worthy of 
decent living and working con-
ditions . Therefore they condone 
grower 's violence against 
strikers and allow growers to 
stay on welfare rolls (subsidies). 

1970 
CAL JET CHARTERS , 

"De." ........... " eo_,..... -..." ...... , ............ rter .,.. •• 
'.1 ...... flrwt. Dell" ................................... " 
ALL ~LIClHTS VIA TIIANS INTKIl~TIOHAL A'".AYS 011 
SATUIlN AIIl.AYS DC .. IUNII.,KTS .ITH eOMPLIMaHTAIlY 
IIiCAU AND 8aVl:IlAClD.. . 

PligtJts Anll ..... _ of ...... 1, 197C) 
) 

SUMMa II ~UClHTS _ 
.... SU - LOS ANClELaSlAMSTallDAM (ROUIlO .,., 

.lUNa UI-AUCIUST ft _ . . . • . . . . . . . . • . . . . • • . _ A2" 
... - In - OA KLAND/AMSTIE II DAM (Iloulld trip, 

.lUNa '4-SEPT. I . _ .. . . •• ••.•. . . . . . .. . .... .t21' 
.... 1M - LOS ANO.LU/LONDON (RoullO trip, 

JUNE lI~aPTEM8EIl 7 • •• ••••• • • • • • • _ ••••• .t2" 
.... 4000 - OAKLAND/AMSTEIlOAM ,Iloulld trip) 

JUNE '.-.aPTaMBall 7 ••••• • • •• • •. • ••••••• • n" 
.... 131 - OAKLAND/AMSTallDAM ,IlOUncl trip, 

JUNE I7~EPTIlMBEIl" ' " _ • ••••• • ••••••••. $211 
.... UI - NIEW YORK/LONDOH (ROUN trip, 

.lUNa "~EPTaMBER I .. ... • ..•.....•. : .•.. $'" 
.... 117 _. L.OS ANGELES/AMSTEIlDAM IRollncl trip' 

.lUNa lo-saPTI!MBI!Il 1 •• • ••••••••••••• , ••• • $2" 
No. UI - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (Iloulld trip) 

JUNE Z .... AUGUST 14 • • • • •• • • ••••• • ••••••••• $2" 
No. 4OO' - OAKLAND/LONDON/AMSTERDAM/OAKLAHD 

JUNE lG-SaPTEM8ER 2. . ... • .... •••... . ••.• sall 
.... 400. - OAKLAND/AMSTEIlDAM (Iloulld trIp, 

JUl-Y '-AUCIUST .0 .. . _ .. . ••... .. ..... . .•• .ta .. 
NO. 541 _ . OAKLANO/AMSTERDAM (Iloulld trip) 

JULV ,&-AUQUST , • • • • • •• • • • ' •• •••••. ••..•••• a •• 
.... 400:1- - OAKLAND/LAlAMSTI!~DAM IRoa ... t,llI) 

JULY t ll--«OUCIUST 27 ••••• • •• • •••••• •• ••••••• tu. 
... :,: ;-J>~~ ~~~.-: ~~~~~~/~~~~~~~ . ....... "11 

;ftCIALII INTER:.eUBOPE STUDENT 
CHARTER FLlGHD 

I .. Cet!ltl .. tI ... Wltll C.I IfIt ~I""" Ihted ....... .. f.nu.tlc."" 
,. ..... nt ... .5tll"nt ......... to I"''', Til ...... (Hortll Africa,. 
East A'.ta, Turkey. 0,.. •• IlIlMil. M.'ta •• IMI I ...... (Til Awl¥, , 
........ H ..... at ,acluced ra'... ' " , 
CALL 011 WIlITR NOW 1'011 ~UIlTHall IH~OllMATION AND 
APPLICATIONS 

WRITE: c.I _ CMrWI PHONE: (41,,'922·1434 
21110 0..-. It. or (At. 8 Ind 
s.n FrMdIco. Ca. 94123 wnkench, 

.... "" 0"" elllY ........... f_tty, ........ _....".. 
................................. Un. Of C81ff. 

C""IlTEIlS TO ~A" • A"'TltA"'" A .. IlICA ALaO AVA.LABL5 

Page2 Friday,April 10,1970 Triton Times 
~ ,4 • 

As UFWOC spokesmen explain 
it, a major breakthrough for the 
United Farmworker Organizing 
Committee (UFWOC) occurred 
when three table-grape growers 
from the Coachella Valley signed 
contracts on April 1 with the 
striking farmworkers union. The 
growers were Travertine Ranch, 
Wonder Palms Ranch and David 
Freedman and Co., who cultivate 
approximately 800 acres of 
grapes. Although they are not the 
largest growers, the feeling is 
that the contracts will start a 
trend towards negotiations with 
UFWOC by larger ranches. 

Contract Sets Precedent 

Some of the major provisions of 
the contract, the spokesmen say, 
prove to be a historical precedent 
for farmworkers in the United 
States. First, farmworkers have 
always been excluded from 
bargaining under the auspices of 
a union (except for a contract 
signed between DiGiorgio Fruit 
Corp. and wine grape growers in 
1967). Now the UFWOC will 
represent farmworkers who have 
been at the mercy of omnipotent 
growers . Secondly, the ex-
ploitation of the farmworkers 
from Mexico will be checked as 
all those working in farms under 
contract must be union members. 
Thirdly, a successor clause in the 
agreement allows the transfer of 
the three year contract to the new 
owner of the property. Finally, a 
minimum wage of $1.75 an hour , 
plus 25 cents per box of grapes 
during the picking season, has 
been agreed upon. 

In addition the individual 
farmworker will finally receive 
full medical and partial social 
security benefits. For each hour 
worked, the farmworker will 
receive 10 cents fot health and 
welfare benefits. Also, two cents 
for each box picked by all 
workers will be put into an 
economic fund which will be used 
for returement or in case a 
worker is displaced by 
automation. In short, the farm-
worker in the union will receive a 
22 cent per hour pay raise which 
includes basic health and life 
insurance. 

EUROPE 
Also Israel and Japan 

$230-295 R. T _ From West Coast 
$199 R. T _ From East Coast 

E.S,E.P. 8217 Beverly Blvd., L.A 
(213) 651-3311 

. E.S.E.P,.U.C.S.D. members only 

Defense Department Releases Footage from Hiroshima 
A few months ago, Columbia University asked the Depart, 

ment of Defense to declaSSify and release film footage of thE 
numlear bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Until this 
request, few people knew of the films, shot by and confiscated 
from nine Japanese cameramen. 

The footage was barred from public viewing until 
Washington agreed to Columbia's request. The university 
plans to edit the films into a 16-minute movie, to be used to 
impress on viewers the dangers and horrors of a nuclear war. 

Ecuadorian Consul Busted 

Last Saturday, Ecuadorian consul Alfredo J .. Giler was 
arrested and charged with smuggling $1 million worth (7 
pounds) of cocaine into the U.S. U.S. Customs Agents McClung 
and Keller had followed Giler from a South Philadelphia pier, 
where he had visited the ship Republica del Ecuador, which 
had just arrived from Ecuador. After tailing the suspect for 
one block. McClung and Keller stopped him and searched his 
car, finding a shoebox with ,packets of white powder packed 
inside. " We opened the package up, and we saw the packets of 

-:- whitf! powder," said McClung. "We did a field test on the 
contents and found it to be cocaine." 

Union Contracts Signed With Grap(. Workers 
Cesar Chavez has announced the first union contracts in the 

drive to organize workers in Cali/ornia 's table-grape 
vineyards. The three-year contract, awaiting formal 
ratification by union members, calls for a six per cent or 10-
cent raise in pay, wf:tichever is greater. Calling for $1 .75 an 
hour minimum wage, it also provides for a 25-cent bonus for 
each box picked at harvest time. In addition, growers will 
contribute two cents per box to the union's fund for displaced 
and elderly workers, and 10 cents an hour to the union's health 
and welfare fund . 

Cha vez said that no talks are scheduled with other growers, 
but that " we think this is a very important day for the farm 
workers and for the union . .. He further announced that a union 
label program would be inaugurated so that union-picked 
grapes could' be identified. 

Massachusetts State Law Challenges Vietnam Orders 

The Massachusetts state legislature has passed a law 
allowing Massachusetts servicemen to refuse orders to a 
combat zone which is not the site of a declared war or of a state 
of extreme emergency, such as Vietnam. 

John Griffin, 22, has challenged his orders to Vietnam using 
the new state law. However, two federal judges, in the U.S. 
District Court and the First U.S. Court of Appeals, have 
refused to interfere with Griffin's orders. Massachusetts 
Attorney General Robert Quinn has said that he will submit a 
brief and a complaint to the U.S. Supreme Court as soon as 
possible, but says that he does not expect the court to hear the 
case until the October term. 

Quinn announced that the suit would be filed as a class ac-
tion, meaning that one or more soldiers would be named, and 
that the action would apply to all Massachusetts servicemen. 
But some staff members of Quinn 's office have said that the 
Supreme Court might rule tfte state law unconstitutional, 
because the Vietnam war raises political questions rather than 
legal ones. • 

Lenin Praised by U Thant 

Vladimir I1yich Lenin has been praised by U.N. Secretary 
General U Thant as a political leader whose ideals were 
reflected in the U.N. Charter . 

Released Monda y at a U.N.-sponsored symposium on Lenin 
at Tampere, Finland, Thant 's statement said that " Lenin was 
a man with a m ind of great clarity and incisiveness, and his 
ideas have had a profound influence on the course of con-
te mporary history." 

Thant furth er stated that Lenin 's " ideals of peace and 
peacefUl coexistence among states have won widespread 
international acceptance and they are in line with the aims of 
the U.N. Charter." 

More Oil Wells Off Santa Barbora ? 
By his personal approval, Interior Secretary Walter Hickel 

has set the stage for ex tensive new oil drilling in the Santa 
Barbara Channel, disclosed Rep. George Brown. Brown says 
he has learned that Hickel approved exploratory drilling on 
twelve new offshore oil leases in the channel, the site of the 
oil well blowout last year. Brown said that 1/ all twelve leases 
were eventually developed to a level of maximum production, 
it would mean as many a s 960 producing oil wells in the Santa 
Barbara Channel. 

Brown said, " I find it incredible that Secretary Hickel could 
take these actions when we really haven't made any 
technological advancement over the ability we had to cope 
with the Santa Barbara oi/spill oj 1969 or the oi/fire in the GulJ 
of Mexico last month." 

In Washington, a spokesman for the Department oj the 
Interior said that the permission for small-bore exploratory 
drilling does not constitute a blowout threat. 

-

-

Preschool Livens Dana Hall; 
New Vision in Education 

.... Gnnl 
........ 

A pre.fichool for children of UCSD employees and 
students may hold the key to American education 
reform if the findings of a small group of students 
are proved substantial. These studies by about 20 
students under the direction of Dr. Bill Wilde in fall 
quarter's Sociology 104 Communications class, on 
today's existing public system of education indicate 
"that the methods of instruction used today are 
based on ease of planning for the teacher and the 
administration, due primarily to the small number 
of teachers relative to the number of students," 
according to a report produced by the students to 
alert the administration of their findings and goals 
for the pre-6Chool. 

This " ease of planning" is carried out by the 
administration in devising "rules and regulations 
that stifle curiosity and individualism in the hopes 
of achieving a system that is easier to control. " The 
report concluded that " existing educational facili-
ties, techniques, and applied theories of learning 
were often inadequate, almost unimaginative , and 
did little to further the creative and intellectual 
potential of the very young child." 

The need for a pre-6Chool at UCSD that "will not 
just teach them how to stand in line" was illustrated 
through a campus survey. A "school situation," the 
report said, " that really allowed for individual 
development. .. that encouraged rather than stifled 
curiosity, would be the primary requirement" for 
the new school. Creativity, the UCSD pre-school 
developers feel , is not inherited, but is dependent 
upon one 's environment. To realize its goals , the 
school will have a very low ratio of students to 
teachers. 

The organizers are finding indirect benefits in the 
development of the pre-school. " Student involve-
ment has rid numerous people of boredom and 
disappointment with school," the report said. " We 
fee l tha t our project could curtail the drop-out plans 
of many at UCSD. When students are involved with 
their own education instead of merely receiving it, 
school becomes a meaningful, exciting part of life." 
The teachers in the new school for the children 
ranging from ages two to five are " to be resource 
persons and friends , not mother hens and direc-
tors." 

The students have written over 100 letters to local 
merchants and have received nearly $1,000 in 
donations, from carpet samples to cardboard boxes 
to plastic telephones to foam rubber scraps. 

According to one UCSD spokesman, the 'students 
have also been able to create in campus adminis-
trators an enthusiasm to make the pre-school a 
working part of UCSD. Plans for rental of Dana Hall 
( the Matthews Campus location of the pre-school ), 
insurance coverage for the children enrolled, and 
more adequate funding for the school are only a 
number of problems students were able to over-
come with help of consultation with admi.nistrators, 
but the initial development of the school certainly 
lies with the students. 

Attendance and fees to be paid are arranged indi-
vidually, depending upon the financial status of 
parents and age and development of the child. The 
fully-earpeted bottom floor of Dana Hall has been 
converted to a pre.fichool facility with a capacity of 
about fifty children. A series of rooms have been 
created in which children may develop their own 
awareness and sensory perceptions. There is a 
texture room in which carpet and fabric samples 
have been fastened to boards along walls so that the 
child may come up and "feel" whatever and 
whenever he wants . 

A sandbox has been constructed by the UCSD 
students , and many toys have been donated by 
University students and employees. There is a 
sleeping room with mats and pillows for nappers, a 
reading room, a toy room and a music room. 

One room that seems to be of special interst to 
adults as well as children is the "foam room." 
Foam mattresses have been placed in a vertical, 
upright position for protection along the walls of the 
room, and foam rubber scraps about three feet 
thick , donated by a local merchant, have been 
placed on the floor . Children can jump on it, lie on it, 
hide in it-just play in it. 

The pre-school has begun, but by no means has 
ironed out its problems. Funding for the school, the 
developers hope, will be taken care of by the fees, 
University and grant help , and donations from indi-
viduals and organizations. Dana Hall will only be 
ava ilable to the pre-school through the summer and 
there will be a need to develop permanent quarters, 
estimated to cost $45,000, which will meet pre-school 
codes. Funds and donations are being requested for 
much needed equipment and instructional toys. 
Interested s tudents, said Dr. Wilde, may receive 
University credit for work with the pre-schoolers, or 
development of instructional equipment for the 
school. 

Further information is available by calling 453-
2000, ext. 2423. 

FLI6HTS '.,0 THE WORLD OF GLAMOUR 
Sell the prestigious Viviane 

Woodard cosmetics. 
Earn from $4 to $12 per hour. 

We train you. 
459-3684 

LARGEST SELECTION: TO & WITHIN EUROPE; AFRICA, ASIA, 
SOVlET UNION. SPRING-SUMMER STILL OPEN. ALL OTHER 
TICKETS, TOO. OLDEST ACADEMIC A$OC .: EASe, 323 N. 
BEVERLY DR., BEVERLY HILLS, CALIF. 90Z10, (213) 276-6293 

, SATURDAY 
MIDNIGHT 

APRI L'. 11 

COP'-OUT CO •• D"- 'N 
.UP'P'ORT OP .... TAL 
H.ALTH POR P'OLIC. 

, III. \ It" °11110; Il '/. '1: 1: \\ l i","" \\ l 'l. 

BA.TH .ROON! BAL.LET 

58 COUNTRIES HA VE ASKED 

PEACE CORPS 
TO HELP IN THEIR flGHT AGAINST 

I 

HUNGER, DISEASE, AND IGNORANCE • 

PEACE CORPS NEEDS 5,000 
VOLUNTEERS THIS SUMMER. 

CAN YOU HELP? 

CONTACT THE 
PLACEMENT OffiCE 
OR 
PEACE CORPS 293-5525 

The pre-schooler show above is learning tbe inherent value of tbe 
cha,lkboard during of the afternoon sessions at tbe school in Dana Hall. 

magazine 

CATAMARAN, Wild, 
For All Interested 

The UCSD Literature Department has launched a vehicle, new fOl 
this year, to reflect the cultural side of UCSD usually lost to the news 
media. CATAMARAN, a magazine written entirely in French, is at-
tempting to integrate the elements of a literary nature into the in-
tellectuallife of the university, in order to complement the academic 
community. The fact that the magazine is written in French certainly 
restricts its readership, but its editors hope, nevertheless to reach 
everyone interested in cultural exchange . 

CATAMARAN is composed of drawings, short stories, poems, 
humorous insights, everything related to cultural interests, in a range 
from the conventional to the absurd. Each issue is organized around a 
central theme, in an attempt to give the unity and depth usually 
lacking in most general literary magazines. 

Professors, teaching assistants, students, and people of the com-
munity have all contributed to CATAMARAN. For example, Bill 
Clemens and Kay Loving, a model now working for TWA, collaborated 
on a striking cover for this month's issue. Paule Carroll, a T.A in 
French and the editor of the CATAMARAN uses the magazine as a 
teaching tool, and his students write for the .magazine, rather than 
merely for assignments. 

The upcoming edition includes thirty pages of text and fifteen pages 
of illustrations, including stories about Mrican dance, sculpture, 
witchcraft, and a true story about a man who shows up at a ceremony 
dressed in nothing but his decoration medals . The issue, dedicated to 
the third college, will set sail soon. 

The computer industry 
will pay good 

money for 
your brain. 

With your brains, and three months of graduate study at the 
Honeywell Institute of Information Sciences. you could land 
a management-level job next fall. Honeywell offers the only 
computer programming course specially designed for college 
graduates. It's the most advanced, professional computer 
education you can get. 
So Honeywell graduates get hired sooner, promoted faster, 
and paid more. 
If you'd like to know all about Honeywell"s next graduate 
course, put your brain to work fil ling out the coupon, today. 

The Other Computer Company: 
Honeywell 

Director 01 Admissions 
Honeywell Institute 01 Inlormation Sciences 
2000 East Nutwood Ave" Fullerton, Cal. 92631 
Phone : (714) 870-0120 
o I would like 8 ditional inlormat on on your program. 
o I would like ' arrange an intef\ lewon_~;-:-;-_ 

at (date' 
(time) 

Honeywell will call you to confirm t" i. date and time, 
Name : 
College: ____________ _ 

Address : __ _ 
___ Phone: _____ _ 

Home Address ____ _ 

Friday , April 10 I 1970 Page 3 



. . 

ROLL 
HERE 
THIS 

SUMMER. 

Pa 

Summer sessions at the University of Califor-
nia's 8 campuses start you thinking. There are 2 
six-w e~ sessions at Berkeley, UCLA and Davis 
and SES ions of various lengths on the other cam-
puses_ Sessions begin in late June. Fees for each 
session range from $125 to $160. You have a 
choice or COlii.·5es for !!redit and professional and 
educa'jonal adyancement that's as wide as most 
colleges offer during regular semesters. 

FOI furthel' information on any of the ses-
sions, stop in at the summer sessions office on 
this campus. 

• , e~ r 

Amolll tbe !DID1 events sponsored by tile AS tills 
year, the most memorable was tbefUmlngofa com-
mercial for Nutriment Jan. 29 at the "trog pond" 
across from campus. The visual aids provided by 

... lIIIItts, boweftr, did DOt deter tile ad IDIttrs. 
The commercial is DOW sbowin( .... kly during 
ABC's "Mod Squad" at 7:30 p.m. Tuesdays. The 
next big event will be a preview .. rty in the Library • 

'Not a Father But President' 
Roger .wley 

NeWiEditor 

April 1969: four candidates fought vigorously for 
the post of Associated Students' President. The 
winner: Jeff Benjamin with his runntngmate Mike 
(Heavy) Palcic. 

One year later what does the balance sheet show 
for the Benjamin-Palcic administration? Was their 
ambitious platform carried out? Was their promise 
to expand, initiate and improve AS projects 
fulfilled? 

Benjamin sat quietly in his walnut-paneled office 
Wednesday and took a backward glance at his 
accomplislunents. He neither boasted of trium-
phant breakthroughs in student government, nor 
bemoaned Wlfulfilled plans. 

We might as well go through this whole thing 
honestly," he said. And one by one he ticked off his 
pluses and minuses. 

The Good News and the Bad News 

Food Services: Expansion to Scripps and the 
School of Medicine, with plans for taking over in 
Muir Commons. 

Bussing to North County: "We've done very little 
wi th tha t. " 

Campus-Community Relatloos: "Bob Munk did a 
very good job in bringing a lot of people - com-
munity, PTA people - onto campus" in the 
Community-Interaction Program, which is still in 
progress this quarter. 

I Board of Regents: "We now have a working 
participation with the Board of Regents. A lot of 

, people scoff at that, and we did lose tuition . But 
there are a lot of things we can make input on . And 
I'm convinced that if we'd been able to make the 
input then, during the confrontation in UC 
Berkeley's People's Park last year, that we can 
now, the University would have gotten off a lot 
better. But unfortunately, it took People 's Park to 
give us at least part of what we'd wanted." Ben-
jamin meets with the eight other AS presidents and 
President Charles J . Hitch at every Regents' 
meeting and privately once a quarter. The "cam-
pus-wide coordinating body" he promised last year 
has turned into this ASUC Presidents Council. 

Academic Union of students and professors: this 
is Benjamin's goal for this quarter , and will be 
studied in an upcoming article in the TRITON 
TIMES. 

Extra curricular affairs : Friday night movies, 
Wednesday and weekend entertainment at the 
Coffee Hut, concerts, dances, speakers, art shows 
(Dimensions in Black), all amounting to $17,500 in 
the Program Board's pocket. 

Not Father but President 

But Benjamin could only admit that his ad-
ministration has been "moderately successful. I've 
been pretty disappointed in many things. " 

As UCSD's four previous AS Presidents can attest 
to, the basic 'problem has been the lack of a sup-
porting staff of interested, dedicated students. The 
proof of this lack of cooperation, Benjamin said 
was the inertia of the AS Senate, a body of eight 
students representing the colleges and upper and 
lower divisions . 

"The AS Senate," he said sadly, "with notable 
exceptions, was pretty much a dead body." 

The reason? Benjamin speculated that the 
senators were not really dedicated to their jobs 
when they ran. "There are two schools of thought on 
this subject," he explained. "First, if you cared 
enough to run, you should have cared enough to do 
things. You should have been responsible enough to 
innovate and initiate things ." 

"Second, I should have been more authoritarian 
in telling people what to do. But] simply disagree 
with this now. I wasn't elected to be a father; I was 
elected to be president." 

To change this disinterested attitude, Benjamin 
proposed at Wednesday's Senate meeting that a 
system of commissioners run the Associated 
Students, and be elected according to the job they 
are to perfonn. 

"People don't represent people," he said 
privately, "they represent ideas and themselves. 
We don't have the political structure for a 
representative government on this campus." 

And the safeguard against filling a Senate with 
popularly elected but powerless, incompetent 
commissioners would be the RECALL. 

"If students aren't interested in a com-
missionership, it will die. But if students are in-
terested in a conunission and the commissioner is 
uninterested, and if the publicity is such that 
students know that the conunission existed, then 
they could vote him out of office." 

Forever a Republic? 
Benjamin tackled the suggestion head on that 

appointed posts would probably be more efficient 
and capable. "If we had a committee on com-
mittees, president and vice-president and just 
appointed people who would probably do the best 
job, the AS would probably work better. But I don't 
think we can do things like that." 

Result - maintain a republic. 
The commissioners would handle such things as 

programming, regents, colleges, academics and 
community affairs, he suggested. And the colleges 
would send representatives elected by the students 
or appointed by the college governments, as they so 
choose. Under this system, Benjamin believed, 
students interested in running would only run if they 
were sincerely interested in doing something 
valuable in their post. 

" I'll make it quite clear," he warned potential 
candidates," that if people aren't interested in 
dOing any work, then don't bother to run . This year 
we had room (for ineptitude), because it was our 
first year in mass participation. Next year we won't 
have room. 

" And 1. wouldn't blame the administration for 
being impatient if we screw off as badly as this 
year. They'll just say forget it. They'll go find their 
own students." 

Students Union Postponed 
The proposal for transforming the AS into a 

students' union , modeled after the AFL-CIO labor 
unions, Benjamin said, was a desirable, long-range 
goal. But to "branch off right now and form a 
union" would probably result in a collapse in trust 
by the administration and .faculty. 

/ "We wouldn't be infiuential anymore, and would 
be cast off," he feared . "The participation would 
probably be maintained by the administration, not 
by the students." 

In the future, he thought, the students could form 
a union state-wide with the other UC campuses. But 
a UCSD union is not feasible at present, he said. 

Representative or Cliqueish? 

Benjamin finally dismissed the accusation by 
DIMENSION's Karl Keating that the AS was 
unrepresentative of the campus. "The Senate" he 
said, "is probably the most representative body on 
campus. We have a radical, a conservative, a mess-
off, dorm students, commuters - all of whom 
reflect the various viewpoints on campus." 

Whether the AS will reform Itself into an effective 
political body, Benjamin suggested, might depend 
on implementation of a constitution this Spring. If 
he leaves in May with no new framework set up for 
a Senate, he said the new representatives would 
have to start learning all over again. "That's why 
we have to get organized now." . 

In following articles, the TRITON TIMES wlll 
study local and national plans the AS might con-
sider following. 

HOW TO STARl A REBELliON 
discipline. We do not have to oppoee student ca .... slmpIJ 
because students support them. If we let marching bands 
of students march themselves into exhaustion, is that less 
reasonable than seeking to have them arrested? The 
leadership generally wants to be arrested and we should 
not fall so easily into so obvious a trap 

by William J. McGill 
(Editors Note: 

The following Is aD excerpt from an April 5, 1970 speech 
delivered by Chancellor WllUam McGill at Grossmont 
College.) 

Suppose, for example, that you wished to start a 
rebellion on a university campus .• You might feel that this 
sort of thing is farthest from your mind, but if you were 
young and seeking a measure of national or local at-
tention, leading perhaps to admission to an Ivy League 
Law School or an elite British University, you might be 
tempted to use the fonnula I am about to outline. The 
knowledge that it is almost foolproof given the climate of 
American university campuses in recent years might 
even give you some encouragement. I mastered the 
prescription following many discussions with ad-
ministrators, faculty and students of the University of . 
c.lifornia. Some indeed helped to invent the formula and 
used it before deciding that it was destructive and im-
moral. 

The prescription for student rebellion on campus has 
ten steps . 

Step One : Find a popular student cause. There are many 
possibilities here , lust as there are many cluses of alienation ilnd 
f.rment on universltv campuses. 

Step Two : Deyelop I campaign. Tills means that you and your 
friends must Ortanile a sequence of noontime rallies in the free 
speech are .. . You should line up articles In the campus newspaper 
and spend some time discussing your campaign on the campus 
radiO station. You should begin to build up a feeling of concern on 
campus, bolstered by evening meetings, mimeographed leaflets, 
and campus newspaper articles all indicating that tllere is 
sometlling serious to be concerned about. 

Step Tllree : Create an ad hoc steering committee to formulate 
demands. This is best done at a large rally climaxed by a series of 
emotional speeches. You then uk the crowd for a voice vote 
authoriling the steering committee to present demands to the 
administration. Of course tile crowd must be properly 
manipulated In order to achieve tills outcome, but a carefully 
chosen sequence of speakers can give tile appearance 01 
democracy while accomplishing this objective. 

Step Four : Present vour demands to tile administration. 
preferably by bursting unannounced into tile Chincellor's office . 
Threaten a slt·in until vour demands are met . Seek to be as ob· 
jectlonable as possible in order to provoke a disciplinary react ion . 
Be sure to notify the press and television that vou have serious 
grievances and that a sit·in is IIkelv . This will maximlte ad· 
ministrative discomfiture . 

Step Five : If the administration attempts to discipline your 
demonstration luders, organile an emergency rally in violat ion 
of universitv rules. Depict the administration repressive and 
unwilling even to listen to reasonable requests (observe tllat they 
are no lOnger demands. from students. Secure faculty par· 
ticipation In this rallv and bring in popular outside speakers. Now 
the issue Is an effort by the administratiol) to emasculate the 
student bodv bV suspending Its leaders . This techn ique is called 
"transformation of the Issue" and it Is used repeatedlv in the 
prescription that I am oullining. II depends fo r its effect on the 
well .known observation that In an emotional situation no one 
remembers from dav to day precisely what the excitement is all 
about . Most students whO have not been paying attention now 
begin to be disturbed by the rigidity and unwill ingness of the 
administrati on to listen to Important student concerns . 

Step Six : Organite a large·scale sll·l n In the administrative 
offices demanding amnesty for tile ad hoc committee organilers 
of the earlier provocative effort. 

Step Seven : If the adm inistrat ion calls the pol ice to break up the 
sit.in, be sure that your people are insulting and violent . In this 
wav the police will be photograplled handl ing them roughlv . Now 
the issue Is transformed again to the fascist proclivities of the 
administration and to police brutality . 

Step Eigllt : Organile a rally, preferably led bV students wearing 
bandages. Tell a sympathetic and angry crowd about what " really 
happened" before and after the police were called . Plead for 
svmpathv and help . pass the hat to collect bail money for those 
arrested. Call for a general campus strike and classroom boycott . 
Everyone by now has forgotten how all this started, but everyone 
agrees that the administration is autocratic, ham·fisted and 
brutal. 

Step Nine : Send the ad hoc steering committee to the facully to 
ask for its support. Br ing manv students to the facullv meeting in 
order to create a crisis atmosphere . Walt for the paSSionate 
speec hes . Then ask your sympatllilers on the filcullV to push for a 
sym pathy resolu';on in support of the strike . Expect that it will be 
defeated, tlnd be prepared to ask for a moderate resolution calling 
for removal of the police from campus and a return to good 
manners. II will pass ilnd the faculty will tllen offer to mediate the 
dispute between students and administration. 

Step Ten: If tile administration refuses to remoye tile police 

until peace is restored on cimpus. the facullv will paH a 
resolution of no confidence In the administration. Now vou have 
won . The administration is either at war with the facullv or forced 
to capitUlate . In either case claHes slop. buildings are picketed bv 
faculty and students, and tile campus Is in turmOil . . 

I have outlined this practically foolproof prescription 
for student rebellion with a little bit of tongue in cheek and 
heavy-handed irony, but the essential principles are not 
funny at all because, as I have indicated, when an unwary 
administration falls into the traps set for it in this clever 
sequence of tactics, the result can be very destructive. 

If you believe that only revolutionary communists or 
madmen would indulge in such tactics, I have to tell you 
frankly that you are naive. This is an era of mass com-

I ~ •• 
.. . 

,\1 

munications. When trouble comes to a campus, the 
reporters and TV cameramen flock there by the dozens. 
Names of student leaders become household com-
modities . They become instant national personalities and 
in great demand on the college lecture circuit around the 
country. There is no spectacle more comic than a campus 
revolutionary demanding and getting $750 per lecture 
from student groups for speaking engagements on 
campus. 

The ten-step formula I have just outlined is 'not ab-
solutely foolproof. A number of conditions are necessary 
to insure its success. The primary condition is the un-
critical naivete of hundreds and sometimes thousands of 
students who are so easily radicalized by a process of 
crude manipulation. 

Why not simply have the demonstrators arrested and 
expelled? There are several reasons. 

First there are often just too many people connected to 
the problem with varying and uncertain degrees of 
sympathy. Often we are dealing with crowds of several 
hundred students and occasionally several thousand 
students all in a state of wild excitement. The physical 
task of finding and identifying each one or even a large 
number is monumental. 

Secondly, students brought under major discipline on a 
public university campus are entitled to due process. The 
courts insist on it. Thus we must have a hearing and 
evidence and believe me evidence of a sort that will stand 
up in court is not easy to obtain in a tumultuous situation 
involving hundreds of people milling about, with emotions 
at a fever pitch and no one in a position to know what 
happens next. 

Finally, the appearance of police to enforce the 
Chancellor's position against students inflames and 
polarizes a campus like nothing else. It sometimes cannot 
be avoided but the aftermath is like the aftennath of an 
explosion. No academic process on campus remains in-
tact. 

Force and arrest create escalating tensions. They do not 
always solve problems. Moreover we have abundant 
tactics of our own at our disposal. The appearance of the 
Chancellor in the middle of a wild crowd of students can 
often transform a budding disruption into a heated 
argument that winds down into exhaustion. We also call 
on our faculty to help us deal with expected disorders . 
Faculty can block entry to offices when a sit-in is expected 
or argue with demonstrators when picketing seems to be 
getting out of hand. I have said on occasion that the 
faculty at UCSD did not always support me. What I meant 
is simply this. We have some 400 faculty members at UC 
San Diego. When we send out a call for faculty help, some-
times we get as many as 50 men out, often fewer than ten. 
These wonderful and reliable stand-bys who come to our 
aid in keeping order on campus when we are in trouble, 
are the purest gold to a campus comptuni ty . They can 
accomplish wonders with angry demonstrations, often-
times much more than we can achieve. Accordingly, I 
respect these men more than mere words can communi-
cate. There is no authority on a university campus that 
looms larger than the standards of its faculty . No set of 
rules demanded by the Governor or passed by The 
Regents can replace the effective social force which a 
faculty generates on campus . 

Traditionally, the faculty stands aloof from the ad-
ministration in times of student crisis and applauds or 
disapproves the actions of the administration after the 
latter has been forced to commit itself. The tendency of 
the faculty to stand in judgment is one of the crucial 
elements in the success of my prescription for bringing a 
campus into turmoil. I say to you now that the threat to 
our universities is too powerful and the tactics of 
disruption are too well thought out to permit continuation 
of this posture of faculty aloofness without serious 
damage to the future of higher learning. ] hope th.:lt the 
next Chancellor at UC San Diego will be able to call upon a 
legion of one hundred to two hundred faculty members if 
crisis should erupt on his campus. There is almost no 
problem that this strange legion of faculty and ad-
ministration could not handle . 

We have pioneered such techniques of self-control at UC 
San Diego and we are very proud of them. The small 
contingent of faculty members on whom we rely have 
been enormously effective. We know it and they know it. 
We want you to know it. What wonders might be ac-
complished if this force were amplified ten times or more 
and developed as an effective agency for self~scipline on 
campuses throughout the country? 

Necessary also for success is a rigid and autocratic 
administration. The ten-step process for radicalization of 
a campus contains at least ten choice points at which an 
imaginative and thoughtful university administration has 
the opportunity to derail the onrushing crisis and frustrate 
its leadership. We do not always need to respond to 
provocations with heavy-handed administrative 

Staff pos it io ns 5t ill ""--0-. -ST-AG-E!-O-PE-NS-A';';';;PR-ll';;;7~l;;;;;;;IM;;;;;ITE;;;;;;D;;;;;;R;;;;;UN~ 
available on TT. 
Stop by the office THE PHYSICISTS 

UCSD PRESENTS ... 

Intemotionol intrigue amang ~u­
cI.clr physicis" in this <~mp~lh"9 
lUI""". thrill., ••. oorGonlc Wit ~nd 
biting humor 01 three lomed Klln-
ti.,. ote pot;."tl 01 a private asylum 
••• ate,hlyinlan.? 

2259 Avenida DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 459 - 3465 

Groceries, 
P,od.ce, 
••• ts, W, •• & •.•• , 

/ 

San Diego Symphony 
Chamber Orchestra 

UCSD Gym Apr~ 26 . Sun. eve. 1:30 

500 Dress Circle $12.50 each 
2000 (Gen. Adm. $2 -- Patron $1.50 -- ASUCSD $1) 

Raymond Lewenthll ,pianist, on April lOth 
The Amadeus Quartet ,performs on April 18th 

Igor Kipnis ,harpsichordist, on May 9th 
All performances in Sherwood Hall at 8;30 p.m. 

TICKETS AVAILABLE 
NOW AT UCSD CE TRAL BOX OFFICE, UREY HALL 
LOOBY. PHO E RESERVATIONS ACCEPTED AT: 

4S3-ft1. 

oner 
noon 

PHONE 
r j 239.2255 
). 1'1 k t 1 0 at 
~rey Hall. 

n 50' " .DOII •.• '11'04 .• """ .• "". 1 ... I rf., .• DOUlll Ofe.,., ~ih~ . 
n 00 .. suo '''1 .• s... ........ Atku"hl in Mlu .. " '" •• S • • W.,hI 
" .00' 11.10 """'" Mett.) ,. t..N,..t 14t. Tt..otr • . 
. 1.JO$t .... 1hN celL" 11\111114 M,L •• ( Sot. (¥t, fw •••• , ... tI .... , ... ~ 21.·2.~. 

, olb globe tbeatre 
01\ ..... 



.. 

H ITttitlAL 
In the Name of Dogma 

Over three hundred years ago, Galileo was forbidden 
to teach the Copernican theory of astronomy by the 
Church because it violated religious dogma. The theory 
was proved correct , and the Church ultimately had to 
revise its dOg(11a . Today, in 1970, another governing 
body is being faced with a challenge to its dogma. The 
Board of Regents holds that anyone belonging to the 
Communist Party cannot teach objectively . 

Angela Davis, a professed Communist , has now 
taught two successive quarters at UCLA and both 
student and faculty observers have testified that in Miss 
Davis' case, the dogma is wrong . Statements from the 
UCLA Philosophy Department indicate that Miss Davis 
will be recommended for contract renewal for the next 
academic year , and a special blue·ribbon committee 
reporting to the Chancellor, Charles Young, is expected 
to find no reason to oppo~e the renewal. 

The Regents do not appear eager to give up their 
dogma . Just as the Church imprisoned Galileo when he 
continued arguing his theory, some Regents are 
preparing to fire Young if he approves the Dav is con-
tract. Segments of the general public also have interests 
in preserving the dogma ; some sources indicate that 
Young fears more for the University's fate at the hands 
of angry voters than he does for his own fate at the hands 
of the Regents. 

Chancellor Young has strong motives of expediency to 
refuse to approve the renewal. Rumors exist that a 
sleight-of -hand may be used to reject it without any 
direct action by him. While su h ideas may be tempting 
in the short run, they strike a threatening note to the 
future of academ ic freedom . 

Not every professor is an Angela Davis; not every sci -
entist is a Galileo. The fact that one was persecuted on 
rei igious grounds and the other is being persecuted on 
political grounds is not important. What is important is 
that minds are being forbidden to learn , to teach, and to 
do research because of the reactionary ideas of selfish 
men . 

We urge Chancellor Young to act in the spirit of aca -
demic freedom and base his decis ion on factual and 
pertinant evidence , not on fear of reprisal. 

Student Citizens of Del Mar 
As the student com -

munity in Del Mar grows, 
the opportunity for 
exerting real pol itical 
power also grows. In a 
recent election, school 
bond issues were success-
ful in the Del Mar district, 
but were defeated in the 
larger San Dieguito 
district. This would seem 
to be indicative of student 
voting strength in the Del 
Mar area. 

On Tuesday there is an 
election for the Del Mar 
City Council. By careful 
considerat ion of the candi -
dates we can insure that 
those elected are 
responsive to the needs of 
the community and sensi -
tive to preserving environ -
mental quality in Del Mar . 
Perhcps in this way Del 
Mar ~tudent residents can 
preve'1 a si tuation like 
Isla Vista from 
devel Jping . Now is the 
time ' 0 act , not later, after 

grie'var.::e~ hl!vp. multi -
plied . 

EVl ln< if you're under 21 
there's opportunity to 
make yourselves heard . At 
their meeting last Mon -
day, the Del Mar City 
Council indicated that they 
would investigate all 
complaints of harassment 
occuring in Del Mar by 
Sheriff Department of -
ficers . Complaints, signed 
and notarized, should be 
presented to the City 
Manager . The Del Mar 
City administrative offices 

are located at 201 15th St. 
This may be especially 
important in relation to the 
"pot-I uck dinner" incident 
of last Sunday. 

UCS D is not Berke -
ley-there's no convenient 
residential section 
surrounding the uni -
versity. Therefore, student 
communities are going to 
continue to grow in the 
North County suburbs. As 
they do, we must insure 
that participation in local 
affairs is open to us and 
that we involve ourselves . 

'Campus Studies' 
Offells;ve? 

Tired of receiving 
Campus Studies 
materials? Do you feel 
that their gala propaganda 
contri butes to poll ution of 
your mailbox? Then use 
your rights under the law. 
It It orft::nds your prurient 
interests, all you have to 
do is to take the offending 
I iterature to the La Jolla 
Post Office and declare it 
obscene . Campus Studies 
will be liable to prose-
cution if they continue to 
send you their material . 
The last mailing included 
the word "bitch." 

Remember that an item 
only has to be obscene in 
your eyes to force them to 
take you off the ir mailing 
list . 

Page 6 Friday, April 10, 1970 Triton Times 

Appreciate Education, not Price 
Dear Mom, 
I'd like to apply for your "Operation 

Bootstrap" award (Letters, TRITON 
TIMES, April 3). For the past decade the 
family that I head has been "getting 
through" life without outside help, and I've 
already tried all that you've suggested in 
your letter. But the results just aren't as 
advertised, and I thought that I ought to let 
you know . 

Sure, Monuny, I worked my way 
through college, doing everything from 
feeding rats to selling radio parts. And I 
ate sack lunches while walking between 
classes, because I never had a school hour 
when I wasn't either in class or at work. 
But I didn't really mind that so much, 
mom, because everyone patted me on the 
head and told me how self-reliant I had 
become. No, what really teed me off was 
watching my more fortunate classmates 
spending their afternoons in the library, 
with enough time to really study and learn . 
They could follow their own interests, past 
mere class assignments, and learn just for 
the sheer joy of it. And, perish the thought, 
they could even take Mark Twain's advice 
and watch a sunset. 

They were the fortunate ones, mom, 
because they knew that college learning is 
on·going, and what you don 't learn for lack 
of time today won't be back 
tomorrow - it's gone forever . 

Sure, mom, I worked my way through. 
And I even learned something from 
working. Oh, nothing that was at aU 
relevant to the classes which had to take a 
back seat. No, I learned that it's damn 
hard for a student whose dad doesn't have 
"connections" to find a part-time job. I 
learned that $1.50 of income is small 
compensation for an hour of lost study 
time. And I also learned that if I wanted to 
make money, real money - like you 
always wanted me to do, mom - I ought 
to stop wasting time and become an 
electrician, a teamster, a pro athlete, or an 
entertainer. 

Those are they guys who make real 
jack - after all, who ever got rich with a 
college degree . Not me, mom. I never told 
you, but even with a Bachelor's degree it 
took me five years of work in industry until 
I earned as much as the average jour· 
neyman meat-cutter . And even then, he 
had better fringe benefits. 

So you still want the kids to work , mom? 
Well, maybe the news hasn't yet reached 
the kitchen, but Our Leader Who Art in 
Washington has dragged us into a 
recession, and there just aren't many jobs. 
A good friend of yours and mine - surely 
you remember Jim, who earned a science 

Ph. D. at Cal Tech in 1965 - is out of work 
and pounding the streets. And there are 
plenty more like him. If these guys aren't 
working, where are college students going 
to find jobs? 

Well, mom, there's always scholarships, 
aren't there? That's just what I always 
thought, at least until my last un-
dergraduate semester. Then, when a 
scholarship made the difference between 
finishing or not finishing, I found out how 
far real financial need and a B-plus 
average would get me. Do you remember, 
mom - I finally got a little money. But it 
was on the second round of awards. And 
that was in the days when educational 
money was plentiful. 

Of course, you say, there are loans. After 
all, these are enlightened times! But you 
wouldn't mortgage your home at 9 1/ 4 per 
cent. Do you really think that the kids are 
going to mortgage their futures at that 
rate? 

And really, mother dear, you made me 
feel very bad by mentioning that poor , tax· 
burdened waitress with the two kid· 
s - until I remembered that new 327 cubic 
inch, four-barrel smog factory she cruises 
around town in, and all those empty booze 
and cosmetics bottles in the trash basket 
outside her apartment. Yes, mom, we 
know education always gets first 
priority - just as long as it doesn't in-
terfere with our hedonism. After all, mom, I 
what's right is right, just like you always 
said. 

I'm making you one last promise, mom. 
When my boys, your grandsons, get to 
college, they aren't going to be dominated 
by the morally bankrupt shibboletha of 
their grandparents. They will attend in 
dignity, without pissing away their study 
time at meaningless Jobs. They won't be 
brainwashed into believing that they can 
appreciate education only if it has a price 
tag on it. And there's not a damn thing you 
can do about it. 

So there, monuny dear, I've done 
everything you ask of me. I'm proud that I 
made it on my own, and if I had to, I'd do it 
allover again, just for an education. But 
I'll never forgive your generation, the 
most affluent in the world, for contIDutng 
to frustrate and squander America's most 
preciOUS natural resource, our brightest 
young men and women of all races. And 
you can shove your _pious righteousness, 
monuny dear, because I've earned the 
right to stand taU before you and hurl your 
wheezing, threadbare Protestant Ethic 
right back in your face. 

Gordon Schlesinger 
Graduate Student 
Chemistry Dept. 

"That's what I'd call a positive mutation !" 

THERE's 
GOT 70 BE 
A fIk:1?£ fFFtC7iVE 
WAY 10 PREVENT 
UNGRATEFUL 
AMERJCANS~ 
TAKlNG AfJ/ANTAG£ 
a: FR££ SPEECH!! 

... :;.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :::-:-:.:::::::::::.:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: :::::::::::::: ::::::::::::::: ::~:::::::::::::::::::::::~:~:::::~:::::.:.:~:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:. 

il Block NEL Cripple Military ·.1 
~ Tho. Nav& Ekc~oru~ ~~'::~~::ll ': fa~::':~d=~~! ScriW' ,.,.."h .. ~b .,,:1 
::: recrwting on campus :ruesday, April 14. I ft;el that at docks close to, and protected by, NEL property. <::: 
::: studen~ should organ1z~ . to s~p t~t recrwtm~nt. Of course UCSD is not friendly to NEL in par_ :::: 
::: NEL IS the largest fac~~ty of Its kind, solely domg ticular. Somehow the faculty and administration :::: 
::: research for the U.S. military . It has done work on believe that it is good that students here get fun. :::: 
:::: infrared aerial photography (used in Vietnam, neled into a variety cf agencies and businesses and :::: 
:::: Thailan.d, and So.uth America), atmospheric will uphold to the end the right of any student t~ kill :::: 
:::: reconn81ssance deVices (no doubt used on the SR-71 Vietnamese, cheat buyers, pollute the air, and :::: 
:::: and U-2 spy p~es now nown ove.r North Vietnam exploit workers. The history of the tenacity of the :::: 
:::: and southern China), radar tec.hniqes for off·shore administration in protecting recruiters is a '::: 
'::: small boat detection, and guidance devices for revealing one. . ::: 
::: surface·to·surface and surface·to-air missiles . ::: 
::: Clearly NEL's only function is to make America's Last year (Feb . 1969), a Marine Corps recruiter ::: 
;:: military machine operate more efficiently _ to was blocked from entering the placement office . ::: 
::: more efficiently kill Third World peasants while After an impassioned speech about the "violence" ::: 
::: protecting U.S. economic interests. The killing of done to the Marine, Chancellor McGill made a::: 
::: Vietnamese peasants and workers does not become personl commitment to make sure that the Marines ::: 
::: more palatable with increased " efficiency ;" could recruit. As it turned out, the next time the ::: 
::: therefore there is absolutely no reason to allow the Marine was to come was during a student strike in ::: 
::: NEL recruiter on this campus to get more men for the Spring. A large number of students decided to ::: 
::: his organization. demonstrate against the recruiters' presence. The ::: 
::: It would be nice if we could go to the ad. recruiter was taken to University Hospital in San ::: 
::: ministration and plead that the NEL recruiter not Diego, and students who had signed up to see him ::: 
::: come, and then count on them to do something. On were driven there in true James Bond fashion by::: 
::: the contrary, the administration is committed to Dean Topolovac and other administrators. No doubt .::: 
::: make sure that NEL gets its men. In the first place, sensing that recruitment was becoming a focal ::: 
:::: NEL is quite important to UCSD (as will be shown point for leftist activity, Vice-Chancellor Murphy '::: 
::: later) - therefore the administration will do proposed a compromise to certain important people :::: 
:::' everything in its power to eliminate any friction and committees in the administration and :::: 
:::: between NEL and UCSD. Secondly, most ad. Academic Senate, in Fall 1969. Murphy suggested :::: 
::: ministrators and many of the most influential that recruiters only provide information and not :::: 
:::, scientists believe that the university should provide actually sign up people . Even this minor change :::: 
:::' personnel for such institutions because it is a was rejected. In the Winter Quarter, Vice· :::: 
:::: " social need" and such places provide Chancellor Murphy was given a petition signed by :::: 
:::: "stimulating" research opportunities. 400 people stating that the GE recruiter should not :::: 
::;: One place to begin the history of relations bet· come during the strike of GE workers. After seeing :::: 
::;: ween UCSD and NEL is with an Academic Senate the petitions, Murphy felt that since such " interest" :::: 
:::: meeting in 1967. In response to growing nation.wide was stimulated about the upcoming presense of a :::: 
:::: student feeling against military recruitment and GE recruiter, he would see to it that the recruiter :::: 
:::: defense research, the Ac~demic Senate voted that answer questions after he had done his business. :::: 
:::. there should be no classified research on campus. The administration will gladly request any :::: 
::: Once that has been said, itis important to look at the recruiter to debate with students, so long as he also :::: 
::: financing of UCSD. Over half of UCSD's funds come has time to sign up people. :::: 
::: from federal agencies, vi~ : AEC, NASA, Navy, Air Opposition to the war has to be more than just an :::: 
::: Force, CIA, and the NatIonal Science Foundation . abstract feeling, especially because the leaders of :::: 
::: When a professor plans a budget to be submitted to this country, both liberal and conservative, are :::: 
::: one of these agencies, he figures the cost of his committed to policies that are leading to an ex· :::: 
::: project, then adds 45 per cen~. This extra 45 per cent panded war into Laos and Cambodia. Th~ one power :::: 
::: "overhead" goes to the Umversity General Fund that we as students have to end that war IS to cut off ;::: 
::: and pays for such thin~ as the salaries of the the supply of officers and research personnel so :::: 
:::, humanities and social SCience faculty. necessary to the war effort. The only way we can do :::: 
::; Another example of the importance of federal that is by building a strong nation·wide movement :;:: 
:;:: money is that a proposed repertory theater at UCSD which kicks out ROTC and military recruiters, as :::: 
:::: was to be built with $1.5 million coming from the fee well as such groups as NEL. The power of this :::: 
;::: payed to UC for running the Los Alamos nuclear stratagem can be seen in an admission by the U.S. ;:: 
:::: arms "factory." Thus, the faculty is hardly in a Marine Corps that they were short hundreds of '::: 
:::: position to snub federal money, even if it is for second lieutenants last year due to anti· ::: 
:::. classified work. So when the gOOd professors passed recrui tment, anti-ROTC activity. Stopping NEL ::: 
:::: passed their resolution, they left themselves a recruitment should be seen In the context of ::: 
:::. loophole - classified research was moved "off- building a movement which begins to cripple ::: 
:::' campus" to some space provided at the NEL America 's ability to fight the war in Vietnam. ::: 
! ... :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:-:. ;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. :.:.:.:.:.:.:~::::::::::::::::::;:;:;:::::;:;:;:;:::::;:;::~;:::;::::::::::=:::.::;.:.:::::::.;.::;.;.:.;.;.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Representative AS 
Editor : 

As long as it receives the 
monies generated by the man· 
datory student fee , and as long as 
it purports to represent all the 
students, the AS S~nate's 
operations and powers ought to 
remain somewhat restricted. 
Since all undergraduates 
financially support the AS, funds 
should be disbursed for the 
benefit of the students, not for 
that of non-students or non. 
student groups. And since the AS 
Senate supposedly speaks on 
behalf of all the students, its 
voiced opinions should renect 
those of the majority of the 
students. 

Disbursing funds to outside 
organizations or individuals is 
presently forbidden under 
university regulations. Ac· 
cording to Dave Ziegler, UCSD 
Business Manager, AS funds are 
considered a part of the 
university general funds, and 
thus must be used only for 
university-oriented projects . The 
AS should not be able to use the 
funds in such a manner that the 
students cannot directly benefit. 

Some comment has been made 
on the inability of the AS Senate 
to take partisan poli tical stands 
on issues unrelated to the 
university. According to AS 
Senators Bourin , Elson, and 
Peifer, this is the major 
weakness of the Senate. Actually, 
we find that this regulation 
protects the reputation of the 
students and the university. 
Serious misconceptions could 
arise if, say, the AS Senate en-
dorsed a certain political can· 
didate while most students really 
supported others . The false 
impression that all students 
backed this particular candidate 
would then be given. 

We encountered this type of 
difficulty last year when the 
Senate publicly supported the 
student strike . This move 
seemingly indicated that most 
students participated in the 
strike action; statistics proved 
otherwise. 

Whether the AS Senate wants 
the responsibility or not, it must 
realize that one of its primary 
functions is as a public relations 
device, and that it must, when 
taking stands, attempt to convey 
the opinions of the majority of 
students . Individual Senators 
have the right to express their 
opinions, but they· should put the 
feelings of their "constituents" 
ahead of their own prejudices. 

Karl Keating 

Del Mar Elections 
Editor: 

If you are a member of the 
UCSD community and a resident 
of the city of Del Mar, there is a 
critical municipal election next 
Tuesday, April 14, which merits 
your attention. 

For the first time, there are 
candidates running for the city 
council who appear to be con-
scious of the problems peculiar to 
students living in the community. 
Increasing harassment of 
students by the County Sheriff's 
Department (which patrols Del 
Mar under contract by the city 
council) has given an urgency to 
efforts to increase student in-
volvement in conununity affairs, 
and more specifically, to in· 
crease student involvement in the 
contract negotiations with the 
San Diego County Sheriff's 
Department. 

Student electoral support for 
city council candidates Jan 
Heinzmann and John Silber will 
help to insure council members 
who are conscious of the facts 
that : 1) UCSD students represent 
over ten per cent of Del Mar's 
population ; 2) UCSD students 
make up one-fifth of the total eli. 
gi ble voters In the city ; 

3) students pay over $450,000 in 
rent per year in the city (of which 
the greater part goes directly to 
pay property taxes ); and 4) this 
substantial minority ( the 
students) receives a dispropor. 
tionately small amount of city 
services and governmental at· 
tention (unless one counts the 
attention we receive from the 
Sheriffs). 

Mrs. Heinzmann is a UCSD 
graduate student. Dr. John Silber 
is a professor in the UCSD Music 
Department. 

The Del Mar Association 
believes that the election of these 
two candidates on Tuesday will 
provide increased sensitivity on 
the city council to student 
problems. We encourage you to 
vote for Dr. Silber and Mrs. 
Heinzmann on Tuesday, and if 
you are interested, we invite you 
to hlep in their campaign by 
calling 453-2000, ext. 1913, or 755-
8668 immediately. 

Our power in the Del Mar 
community is directly propor-
tional to the interest we show in 
the community. This interest can 
be demonstrated by student 
action in the election campaign. 

We also encourage you to vote 
for the sewer bond on the same 
ballot, which will stop Del Mar's 
pollution of the Pacific Ocean. 

Thomas C. Sbepard 
Don Brlgbt 

Jeff Benjamin 
JlmMagll 

U(SD Students 
not Niggers 
Editor: 

For those of us who enjoy para-
noia in its latter stages Jerry 
Farber's "Student As Nigger" 
provides a good chuckle. But for 
the benefit of the freshmen, as 
well as readers outside the aca-
demic community, let me review 
a few facts concerning the rights 
and powers of UCSD students, 
and their relations with the 
faculty. 

The AS Senate spends about 
. $25,000 a quarter (including 
support of the TRITON TIMES) 
and that 's power in anybody's 
league. The AS Senate also ap-
points student members to 
Chancellor 's and Academic 
Senate conunittees. 

199 courses and CPE (Center 
for Participant Education) pro-
vide for course experiments with 
predominant student influence. 

The faculty has protected the 
interests of the campus and the 
students several times in the past 
few years. To cite some exam· 
pies : the choice of McGill as 
Chancellor; supporting Cleaver's 
right to speak at Berkeley; 
helping Marcuse to be rehlred; 
denouncing tear gas, etc., at Peo-
ple's Park ; opposing tuition; and 
assisting the implementation of 

Third College. 
As to Farber's statement that 

"rebel students and renegade 
faculty members get smothered 
or shot down . . . ," we may again 
refer to Marcuse's continued 
employment. Another example is 
the "punishment" dealt to the 
students and faculty member 
who blocked the Marine recruiter 
in February, 1969_ The faculty 
member, Prof. Lettau, was cen· 
sored by the Academic Senate. 
The students, after getting due 
process from a faculty·student 
conunittee, were put on one 
year's academic probation by 
McGill. 

Farber's descriptions of class-
room life are particularly 
amusing. When 's the last time a 
professor took roll in your class? 
Or when did you last get an 
assignment for a 20-page paper? 
"Five pages and no longer! " is 
the typical assignment. 

Every UCSD student knows 
that " the Man" (professor ) not 
only entertains, but solicits 
dissenting opinions in classroom 
discussions. Again and again 
professors in the hwnanities have 
told me, " I don't care what point 
of view you take as long as you 
back it up logically." In any case, 
UCSD's highly independent stu-
dents have volunteered their 
criticisms to everyone from Prof. 
Orr to Barry ShapirO. 

The reference to one's teacher 
as "professor or doctor" is a free 
gift of respect from the students. 
We've all read the graduate 
requirements in the catalogue, 
and know how much work and 
ability is required to get a Ph_D, 
much less to become a professor 
at the University of California. 

I know Farber's article was 
written several years ago, but the 
TRITON TIMES apparently 
thinks it applies to UCSD today. 
The hideous vision of academic 
life summoned up by Farber, 
however, is quickly dispelled by 
the common experience of the 
UCSD student. I suggest that the 
TIMES stop trying to appeal to 
student paranoia. 

Si.pcerely, 
MlkeHarkey 

Student Change 
Editor : 

I read the article "Student As 
Nigger" and have one sugges-
tion: that students today use their 
energies to change this situation 
before protesting all the other 
problems of our SOCiety. If our 
education system was changed, it 
follows that clearer planning 
would result in other areas. From 
kindergarten to graduate school, 
brave is the one who questions 
the teacher. Bravo, Jerry Far-
ber, for speaking the truth so 
clear Iy . I had not read this article 
before and am glad you printed 
it! 

Name Withheld 

triton tiDles 
EDITOR · tN · CHIEF Steve Lindau 

M"n,gln. Ecllt.r Havwood Cammon Hews Ed.tor Roger Showley 

Assocl"t M.nll'"' Ed"or M ike Klayer Associltt Editor 
COpy Editor Chuck Graham Future Editor 

Asso( i.', COpy Edito J~ Eulern ~\rts Echtor Jetf Fried 
PhOfo,r.phy Editor Mark Trdlll'g Sports Editor Slev. Dorscl'! 

Edltorl.1 Asslst.n' Carl 0 Netburoer Au,s'an' News Editor 

Adwertlllfl9 . 

STAFF WRITE~S ' ChrIS BlbD, Juon Cathca rt Mary,"t,r lo, oean Crowe. Susan C,.,VfI. Aileen Hie 
fef1an . Jim Sill), Dave Su:a .. n$ Steve Slry"t,. Sam Wtl, m 
ARTS WAITERS . Oernard Flynn. Bruce Geller Lftrrv Johnsoo 

SPORTS . WRITER ~ Carol Chtilingfon. Fre.1 Grunew i\lo 

ARTISTS Da~e Barker. ROberl A Cohen, lonn,e Underwood 

PRODUCTION : Karen GliC k . Judy Hltt Selh lyons 

PHOTOGRAPHERS John K~Ikti "mee Manullo . 1I;t*f1 ranIOI.l,c", 

AOVER. ISING ASSISTANT Susan ellO(l\ 

rnt TA ITON TIMES IS off,( a lly re<.OQn'led and 'uDPOrTe<I as .. Slucent newspaper by the Com 
Inun tU'lons BOllro 01 Int Unllll .. rS,fy of Cal, tornl4 &n O.~o, 8"lIld·n9 'lSO. Ma""'e¥lr\ Camo"",,. La 
Jolla C.t1II 'ornlll 92031 Publ ,ca t .on 15 tVlN:.e ¥W rilly on Tut'SdlllYS .nd Fr,o.v, lnrCM.,IQh June 5 1'70 
Otl 'cfi ar(llOClleo In rOOm 111, Blake "'.1111 . on Ih "evelle Campus For Ad~rrt 'S'"9 phone A'sJ 1000. 
K lOll tor e(hfon.1 or nt'w\ phon. 10,. 

Triton Times Friday, April 10 , 1970 Page 7 



'Point' 
Dazzling 
But Two unknown, •• nd Iik.IX to ,t.X tIt.t w.X, pl.X ttIe I •• d, in "Z-briski. Point." • • • 

Bruce GeUer 
Arts Writer 

The plot of " Zabriskie Point" is 
the old-boy-radical meets young-
girl-6ecretary story. Boy kills cop 
(or so it seems). Boy steals plane . 
Boy buzzes girl's car over desert 
freeway. Boy makes love ,to girl 
near Zabriskie Point. Girl con-
tinues on to her boss ' home in 
Phoenix. Cop kills boy. 

So what, Antonioni, is the point 
of it all? The film, as Antonioni 
tells us, is supposed to be a per-
sonal statement on the current 
state of America. The film deals 
with many of America's current 
problems-violence, alienation of 
the young, changing values, etc. 
However, the film gives us few 

new insights into any of these 
problems. At times it seems so 
superficial that one finds oneself 
racking one's mind in search of a 
deeper meaning . 

This Is particularly true in two 
particular scenes. The first ta~es 
place in Death VaUey. Surveymg 
Death Valley from Zabriskie 
Point Daria says " It's peace-

, d d" ful ." Mark's reply: "It's ea. 
They descend to the bottom, and 
make love there. As they make 
love, the desert floor fl~wers with 
many couples makmg love . 
According to Antonioni, this 
takes place in Daria 's mind. Not 
very deep. Not very subtle. And 
how much does this tell us about 
American youth? 

The most spectacular scene 
occurs at the end of the movie . As 
Daria drives on to her boss' house 
in Phoenix, she hears of Mark's 
death on the radio . Completely 
disgusted by her boss' material-
ism, she leaves the house . As she 
leaves, we see the house blowing 

Tiley were a 
couple 0/ ••• 
TBIGGEB PUMPING, 
BliCK WOODS 

HUMPING, 

HII. Y-£O,.'I' BOBBING: 
SMII.££ BliNK 

BOBBING, 
kids you're 
sure 10 lovel 

IF BONNIE and CLYDE 
had ,..e' 

BUNNI' and CLOD. 
'l'here'd be 

no TEXAS rODAI'! 

up behind her. (This aU occurs in 
Daria's mind.) Not only do we see 
the house as a whole disinte-
grating from several camera 
angles, we see aU the remnants of 
American civilization blowing 
up-paperback books, frozen 
vegetables, etc. The surface 
impression is no more than that 
of a mental temper tantrum 
against the "establishment. .. 

In spite of the severe flaws of 
" Zabriskie Point," one can see 
the mind of a genius at work. The 
cinematography is indeed 
spectacular, and makes for a 
stunning travelogue. The 
problem lies in the fact that 
Antonioni is unfamiliar with the 
material. He is a dazed new-
comer to the American scene, 
and the result is a dazzling but 
superficial movie. Hopefully, 
Antonioni will continue making 
masterpieces using material 
more familiar to himself, leaving 
us the job of figuring out how his 
ideas apply to America. 

or Ceo,.I., 
Olrlaho".., 
Tennessee, 
Indiana, 
Michigan and 
( :oo;&' Clly 100/ 

Symphon,.·for Elders Onl,? 
Larry JOIuuOD 

Arts Writer 
EJQst! Be your own man, don't just derive your existence from 

others. Young people conspicuously take this advice, right? Young 
people conspicuously fail to take it, and conspicuously fail to exist, 
according to Michael Rabin, 32-year~ld guest violinist with the San 
Diego Symphony. Rabin feels that many young people fail to attend 
tile symphony because their elders attend. Misha Dichter, a recent 
guest pianist, suggested they fail to attend because of the formal at-
mosphere of the concert hall. H we Just do what our elders don't do, 
and don't do what our elders do, we succeed only in being non~lders 
and don't succeed in being anything ourselves. 

By the same token, Rabin says, young people riot and burn not 
because they have constructive alternatives to what they protest, but 
just because they are anti-something, calling for non-something - a 
sure road to non-being. . 

Rabin may weU have an exceUent point there, though there is more 
to the situation. In any case, it would be well for us to examine our 
motives. The fact that establishment figures go to concert halls is an 
idiotic excuse for staying away from symphonies and other cultural 
events. 

Those who stayed away through fear that their eyebaUs might be 
assaulted by the sight of someone over thirty missed a fine per-
formance March 22 and 23. Brahms' Concerto in D Major for Violih 
and Orchestra is a beautiful work in spite of the fact that some old 
fuddy-<luddies like it also, and Rabin certainly did it justice. The guest 
artist is a man of intensity and musical integrity who , put strong 
feeling and command as well as technical proficiency into the work. 
Orchestra Supports Soloists 

The orchestra und~r the baton of the skilled and enthusiastic Zoltan 
Rozsnayai gave the violinist strong support, and also came through 
spiritedly for Beethoven's Symphony No. 8 in F Major, a forceful piece 
that musically evokes a feeling of laughter. The orchestra did a fine 
job, as they did on the previous program. The strings were beautiful 
each time, though I suspect the brass and woodwinds weren't at quite 
the same high peak this time. 

UCSD professor Kenneth Gaburo's "Elegy," in memory of his late 
father, rounded out the evening. The opening trombone passage an-
nounces the main theme, and the remainder of the essentially atonal 
work elaborates it, musically introducing us to the man, in the 
thoughtful manner appropriate to an elegy. Dr. Gaburo 's award-
winning work was handled weU by the orchestra, and was a most 

·rewarding experiment in modern music. 
The performance on March 23 gave us some more modern music, 

and was in fact better attended by young people. The opening was the 
Bario-Maderna Divertimento for Orchestra, an experimental piece. 
Lacking any sort of melody or continuous bass line, it is a web of 
musical impressions. Just as Klee or Muro paintings present color and 
impression without showing us a picture, so the "Divertimento" gives 
us musical cotor and impression without a melody. 

Gershwin, Ravel, Strauss Complete Program 
Gershwin's Concerto in F and Ravel's Concerto in G Major were 

performed by Leonard Pennario, a noted American pianist. He did full 
justice to these pioneers of jazz and semi-jazz. It is here that we can 
most closely see the connection between jazz and the more traditional 
forms of music. Although jazz is not the orchestra's forte, they did a 
very credible job in the matter. Rounding out the program was Til 
Eulenspiegel's "Merry Pranks," a Strauss tone poem about a German 
hippie-folk hero. Some fin.e work on the French Horn aided the effort 
greatly, and Rozsnayai 's direction was equal to the occasion 
throughout the evening. 

Mr. Pennario, at 44, takes a more sanguine view on the question of 
youth participation . While Brahms has more to offer than the Beatles, 
and Strauss more than the Stones, the former require more un-
derstanding to appreciate. He feels that as younger people gain more 
insight, they do in fact return to serious music. As for shunning things 
that their elders like , well, tney are going to have problems unless they 
are prepared to forego sex, beer t good food, and even high ideals - all 
of which elders have occasionally been known to show an interest iii. 
In every case, for Gershwin and Ravel, the place should have been' 
jammed. 
Future Performances 

The Symphony deserves a compliment for bringing to us the whole 
range of serious music, and for doing a fine job with it. Students can 
help support the Symphony, and experience the finest of m~c at 
student discount rates. There are many good programs upcorrung. On 
April 9 and 10, the symphony will be presenting a fine program of 
Haydn, Schubert and Wagner, featuring the fine ceUo of the renowned 
Milos SadIo. On April 26, the Symphony will play a benefit per-
formance at the UCSD gym, which will give us a chance to experience 
great music and to contribute something by attending. It's more than 
fun: it's a way of growing. 

·ONE OF THE ")nIH" 
YEAR'S 10 

BEST FILMS!" 
-NBC TODAY SHOW-CUf 
-NYDAllY NEWS 

-~EX REED.HOllD .. y 

r,.J' f S'.'fS 
DIRK BOGARD[ VAN~SSA REDGRAVE 
RAl PH RICH ARDSIlN MAGGIE SYI fH 
lAURENCr OLIVIER JOHN MILLS 
.IOHN filHGUO SUSANNAH 'lURK 
OBI 
WHAT A 
&.ORWWAR 
1itCit .... unNDOIIOUGM 
C!J ,~ 

drama 

DraDla Blossoms 
in Spring 

r • Jp coming this Spring will be two plays produced by Eric Christ-
!I.' i'S drama group. The plays, a study in contrasts, will be 
... ,kespeare's "A Midswnmer Night's Dream" and Bertholt Brechts 
rl 'Ie Caucasian Chalk Circle." 

• ,fro Christmas and his group have spent considerable time and 
) <. Irt in their selection of these two works, trying to find plays that 
u. ~ !ld benefit both the drama group and the general campus at large. 
II. ey feel that both of these works can be viewed in a relevant aspect 
X the modern student. . 
r !'he works provide an interesting contra~t: . Shakespeare deals 
"1 ,unarilv with people, while Brecht deals wlth ldeas. 

; Dress rehearsals will be held AIril 24 through 28 in Bldg . 269 MC, 
: om 8-10 p.m. If you wish to become familiar with either the drama 

l,Coup or with the works to be presented, you are welcome to visit the 
·'ehearsals. 

The formal opening of the plays will be on May 1, with the plays 
-unning on alternating nights. The foUowing weekend, the company 
~ travel to Santa Cruz for two performances. They will then return 
or additional performances on this campus. 

A schedule of performances is as foUows: "Midsummer Night's 
l)ream" May 1,3,5,14,16,18,23,25. "The Caucasian Chalk Circle" May 
1,4,13,15,17,22,24. 

Many students will remember Mr. Christmas' production of "Mar at 
IF'" de" that was presented on campus last year. 

1AMPUS BOX OFFICE 
AT UREY HALL 

'" On campus--Off campus 

Tickets for all events 

CALL 453-6151 

After· 
fj,eyem 

of marriage, , 
leu 

ha,e fiDIIy foud 
so.epuag 
tlieJ.ba,e 

II 
co ...... 

I 'I . r I 

Poss-i bi'l ities 
winslow homer 
ApprOximately 100 prints by 

Winslow Homer will be on display 
in the most extensive exhibition 
of the artist's graphic works ever 
assembled, at the Fine Arts 
Gallery of San Diego, Balboa 
Park, April 11 through ~y 3. 
The exhibition was organized by 
and circulated to 15 museums 
across the United States under 
the auspices of the Museum of 
Graphic Arts, New York. 

The etchings and lithographs 
by one of America's greatest 
realists will be augmented by a 
representative group of Homer 's 
wood engravings done for Har-
per 's Weeldy. Best known to the 
public as , an outstandin~ 
watercolorist, the artist treated 
such themes as sportsmen, 
children playing, and the ocean 
waters of the East Coast of the 
United States. 

The gallery is open to the public 
free of charge Tuesdays through 
Saturdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., 
Sundays 12:30 to 5 p.m. Closed 
Mondays. 

symphony 
The San Diego Symphony 

Orchestra Association has an-
nounced cancellation of only one 
pair of subscription conce~ for 
the remainder of the wmter 
season. 
, OriginaUy, the association had 
announced it would cancel the 

last two pairs of scheduletl 
concerts - April 3O-May 1 and 
May 21-22 - because of financial 
difficulties. However, the 
association's current mem-
bership drive has produced more 
revenue than was originally 
projected, and only those con-
certs on May 21 and 22 will not be 
performed, said William J. 
Phillips, association manager. 

The identical programs on 
April 30 and May 1 will include 
Richard Ralf's " Five Symphonic 
Songs," set to poem by Minna 
Coe (narrated by Miss Coe), 
Beethoven's First Symphony and 
Brahms' Fourth Symphony. 

The next pair of subscription 
concerts will be on April 9 and 10, 
and will feature the San Diego 
Symphony's principal cellist, 
Milos SadIo, playing the Dvorak 
Concerto for Cello and Orchestra 
in B Minor. Music Director 
Zoltan Rozsnyai will conduct the 
orchestra in Walmer's Prelude to 
Act III from "Lohengrin," 
Haydn's Farewell Symphony and 
Schubert's . Unfinished Sym-
phony. 

All performances are at 8:30 
p.m. in the Civic Theatre. Tickets 
may be purchased at the box 
office and at Highlander stores 
throughout San Diego County . 

nelson freire 
. Brazilian pl'anist Nelson 
Freire, winner of the Dinu Upatti 
Medal in London and the Vienna 
de Motta Prize in lisbon, will be 

presented Sunday, April 12, at 
8:30 p.m. in the Civic Theatre, as 
a part of his first United States 
tour t by impresario Sol Hurok. 

The young virtuoso will be 
heard in recital in a program 
including the Mozart Sonata NO,. 
n in A Major; "Carnival," Op 9 
by Schumann; Ballade No.4 in F 
Minor and " Barcarolle" in F 
sharp Major by Chopin; " Soiree 
dans Grenade," "caIlines d' 
Anacapri," and "Minstrals" by 
Debussy; and Hungarian 
Rhapsody No. 10 in E Major by 
Liszt. 

Tickets for the Freire recital 
are on sale at the Civic Theatre 
box office, 3rd and B Streets, all 
Highlander Stores and Metro 
Agencies, and at the UCSD ticket 
office in Urey Hall. Reservations 
may be made by calling 236-&10. 

World Campus Afloat 
is a college that does more 
than broaden horizons. 

It sails to them and beyond. 
Again in 1970, the World Campus Afloat 
program of Chapman College and Associated 
Colleges and Universities will take qualified 
students, faculty and staff into the world 
laboratory. 

Chapman College now is accepting final 
applications for the next three consecutive 
semesters: Spring 1970, Fall 1970 and 
Spring 1971. Preliminary applications also 
may be made for all future semesters. 

Fall semesters depart New York for ports 
In Western Europe and the Mediterranean, 
Africa and South America, ending in 
Los Angeles. Spring semesters circle the 
world from Los Angeles through the Orient, 
India and South Africa to New York. 

For a catalog and other information, 
complete and mail the coupon below. 

Art student Leana Leach 01 Long Beach 
sketches ruins 01 once-buried city during 
World Campus Afloat visit to Pompeii. 

SAFETY INFORMAnON: The s.s. Ryndam, 
registered in The Netherlands, meets 
International Safety Standards for new ships 
developed in 1948 and meets 1966 fire 
safety requirements. 
. ••••••.............•................................................ : 
• 

• 

,. 

WORLD CAMPUS AFLOAT 
Director of Student Selection Services 
Chapman College, Orange, Calif. 92666 

Please send your catalog and any other material I need to have. 

SCHOOL INFORMATION 
Mr. 
MI .. 
Mr8. "" 

Lilt N.me FII'II 
Nlme 01 School 

C.mpu.Ada .... 
elly 

C.mpu, f'tIOne ( 
Artl Code 

st. .. t 

Stlt. 

Inltl.1 

zip 

telr In IIChool l\PIHO .. OPA on 4.0 ICiIi 

HOME INFORMATION 

Aom. Addrt .. Str •• t 
CitY st.te 

Home Phone I 
A ... Code 

zip · 
· 

· 
· 
· 
· 

UntiL-Info .hould be .. nl to "mpul 0 hOlM 0 • 
IPProX. Cllt. • 

· 
I 1m Int .... '.d In 0 rill Sprlnll 0 111__ • 
o I would Ilk. to tllk to I ,.p .... nt.tl .. of WORLD : 
CAMPUS AFLOAT • 

· ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 



COMMUNIT} BLOOD BANK 
327 F' st. 

PAYS DONORS 
for selY;ce 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233 - 8328 

We've got a check plan that's cheap and simple. 

It costs $3 a quarter . You can write as many checks as you want. 
And there's no monthly service charge. You still get a statement 
every month, so you can keep track of your money. You can even 
keep your account open during the summer with nothing in it and 
we won't charge you a cent . The plan's just for college students. 
And the only place you can sign up for it is at the La Jolla 
Branch of Wells Fargo Bank at 1020 Prospect Street in La Jolla. We 
don't have a clever name for the service . So just come in and ask 
for the check plan you read about in the paper . 

(And here are a dozen pictures· of our stagecoach so you won't 
forge t who paid for this ad . ) 

Are you "'avel/ing to 

EUROPE 
Bookings ore now being accepted for 
any of Ih. 3000 Inlro·Europeon olud.nl 
char ier fllghl. Ihrough Ihe Educational 
Studenl hcho"lle ""Iro", 801 Wood-
. id. ad .. Redwood City. or 8217 .... r· 
Iy III W . l.. """II eI 0 • • Fa, Ihe boolo 
l i ohng 011 flight. and application form. 
fo" flight, ond the International S tudent 
Id ent"y Cord. plea •• forward S1.00 plu . 
75c lor posloge and hondllng. 

The Triton Times is ser-
viced by the COLLEGE 
PRESS SERVICE (CPS), 
a cooperative news service 
operated by the United 
States Student Press 
Association (USSPA) that 
provides nationa I news of 
interest to college 
audiences. 

ADVERTISERS: The Triton Times is the most widely 
read publication on campus. In addition to the 4,000 
undergraduates on the UCSD campus, there are an 
equal number of graduate students, faculty members, 
and other personnel. Advertising rates decreflse as the 
frequency of your advertising increases. For informa-
tion contact Chela Wakefield at 453-2000, X1017. 
Want to receive the Triton Times by mail? Subscription 
rates are $2 a quarter or $5 for the academic year. Sub-
scribe now_ Mail check or cash to : Triton Times, Blake 
Hall, UCSD, La Jolla, 92037. 

Page 10 Friday I Apri I 10 I 1970 Triton Times 

r ItT 
Coaches See Athletics As 

Salvation Of U.S. Youth 
By TOM CALLAHAN 

111e children of light worry 
the American Football 
Coaches Association. 

Dan Devine, John . Ralston 
and Ben Scbwartzwalder be-
lieve the flower generation 
has caused a degeneratia, . 
Paul Dietzel and Tom Cahill 
are concerned ~ are Joing 
to pot. I 

'They hope athletics is an ~ 
swer, "something to be at.. 

tac~ to," as Jack eu'rtiLt 
says, ' sometbiDg Deeded ~ 
more than ever." . 

Twenty-two coeclleS and ex-
coaches of the AFCA are mov-
ing about the country selQng 
the concept ·of sports and the 
value of physical fitness, 
strewing 14,000,000 pamphlets 
as they go. 

CUrtice, who just ended 40 
years of coaching for the ath-
letic ktorship at UC santa 
BlIrbara, and Stanford coach 
Ralston were in San Diego last 
week for the cause. 

Ralston, a young man of 42, 
looks forward to the beginning 
of his eighth Stanford spril1g 
session April 18, but postponed 
preparations in fa vor of this 
tour that he ·deems important. 

" It is important," he says, 
"for kids to have something to 
fie themsef'Ves to. And it has 
been proven that physical fit-
ness contributes to mental 
alertness . " 

"The athletes aren 't out cur-
sing the establishment and 
burning down buildings," says 
Curtice, whose son quarter-
backed his last Santa Barbara 
team. 

Baseball Slate 
Looms Tough 
Coach Frank Vitale's UCSD 

baseball team takes the field 
again for three games this week-
end, facing Cal Lutheran at 
Thousand Oaks this afternoon at 
2:30 p.m. and returning to Its 
home field for a doubleheader 
tomorrow wfth LaVerne College 
beginning at noon. 

There is no let-up for the 
Tritons as they meet Southern 
California College at Costa Mesa 
next Tuesday at 3 p.m.. Biola 
here on Thursday at 3 p.m., and 
finally UC Irvine In a double-
header on Saturday, April 18, at 
noon at Irvine. 

The Tritons hope to improve 
their 2-12 record during these two 
weeks, and they plan to start 
today with.. cal Lutheran. The 
past week saw the Tritons drop 
two contests to Azusa-Pacific 10-1 
and most recently to USIU. 

The coaches' products are 
iree - "side straddle hops" 
and "trunk twisters". The 
men themselves contribute tile 
time lind elfort and the Tea 
Council of the USA the pamph-
lets. 

An appropriate sponsor, 
Ralston points out, since tea is 
"traditionally the training 
table beverage of athletes." 

It's the tonic to revive the 
dying between summer split 
sessions. His brief commercial 
out of the way, he gets back to 
the program. 

"Kids aren't going out for 
a thletics like they used to ," he 
says, "and society has gotten 
fat. " 

"They don't want to pay the 
price," Curtice adds, in-
cluding the establishplent in 
his criticism. 

"Sports and sports facilities 
are the first thing done away 
with when schools cut costs." 

Both men argue that this is 
impractical economy. 

They say that AFCA sur-
veys indicate the athletes are 
often leaders of the student 
body, are more prone to good 
mental health and are more 
likely to successfully negotiate 
the change from the academic 
world to the real one. 

So, having established a tie 
between athletics and mental 
and emotional stability, the 
coaches have taken the ob-
vious course of action: get ev-
eryone in the country involved 
in some athletic activity. 

"This year we were asked 
why we hadn't something spe-
cifically for older persons," 
Curtice explains, "so we had 
Stanford track coach Payton 
Jordan put together a new 
pamphlet." 

It's entitled "Running For I 
Fun And Fitness For Every- . 
one". Like "Your Guide To 
PhYSical Fitness" and " Pre-
Season Conditioning Manual", 
the new book provides pro-
grams of diet and exercise. It 
gives a rating scale and tests 
to measure progress. 

All of the pamphlets can be 
had for the asking by con-
tacting the Tea Council, 10 E. 
56th St. , New York, N. Y. 
10022 . 

Asked how the AFCA keeps 
score, how it can measure the 
yield of its effort beyond 
counting the number of 
pamphlets circulated, neither 
Ralston or CUrtice can say. 

"That's no problem," says 
Curtice. "We believe in this I 
and the good that can be ac-
complished . 

"We just look at it as a 
starting point, sports, and then 
for some a way of life. We 

Women's Finals Tomorrow 

Fencers 4th in All-Cal Finals 
Steve Dorsch 
Sports EdJtor 

In their first attempt in the All-Cal Fencing 
Championships held at the Santa Cruz campus last 
weekend, the Triton fencers finished fourth in the 
overall team championships. 

the Tritons with a record of four wins against three 
losses in dual meet competition. UCSD finished 
fourth in the Southern California Intercollegiate 
Fencing Conference and 13th in the 27-team Far 
Western Conference. 

This year's squad was made up primarily of 
second-year fencers, and Coach White feels they 
gained valuable experience this season and should 
progress into the top ten teams in the state next 
season. 

Santa Cruz captured the title by edging second-
place Berkeley 73-67, as Santa Barbara grabbed the 
third spot with 46 points , just ahead of San Diego 
with 40. . 

The Triton foil team finished fourth overall with 
Dick Chaney taking fifth spot in the individual 
standings. 'The men's sabre team took the top 
honors for UCSD with a second place finish headed 
by senior Jim Canole in fourth place individually 
and Dick Sax, the only sophomore to reach the 
finals, placing a spot behind in fifth . 

The women's fencing team travels to San 
Francisco State this weekend for the Women 's 
Western Intercollegiate Championships. Four 
UCSD freslunan women will be struggling against 
the strongest conference in the history of Western 
fencing. Several state and one national champion 
will be featured in this women 's competition. 

The heart..breaker of the tournament for UCSD 
was when the epee team wOWld up in sixth place'. 
Had they fenced up to their expectations, Coach Jim 
White predicted they could have easily captured the 
third place team trophy. 

The All..caI Tournament finished the season for 

Two Triton fencers work out ~I UCSD in a practice malch as a warmup for the AII .Cal meet held at 
S"nt .. Crux . UCSD finished fourth behind Sant .. Crul. Berkeley , and S .. nt" 8~rbara . 

Triton . Trackmen Score Double Victory 
Steve Dorsch 
Sports Editor 

Triton trackmen pack their 
shorts and spikes and head north 
tomorrow for a triangular meet 
with Azusa-Pacific and the Los 
Angeles Police Athletic Club on 
the Glendale Jwlior College track 
with the first event scheduled to 
get underway at 1 p.m. 

With steadily improving per-
formances, Coach Andy Skief and 
his cindennen will be in the 
running for a repeat of last 
Saturday's double victory over 
Cal Lutheran and Chapman 
College. RWlning on their home 
oval, the Tritons came out on top 
of the three-way scoring with a 
total of 83, edging Cal Lutheran 
(78) and burying hopelessly out-
classed Chapman (18). 

Cal Lutheran was steady in its 
threat to the Tritons throughout 
the meet, but Chapmah, a power 
in Southern California track and 
field for a nwnber of years, was 
lacking in depth and showed 
strength only in the three-mile 
and long jump. UCSD captured 
seven firsts and eight seconsls in 
winning the 17~vent meet. 

Coach Sldef praised all his ath-
letes and credited the victory to a 

good team effort. He named Jay javelin, and Jerry Nierengarten 
Harrison the outstanding per- in the triple jump. 
fonner with a 10.1 clOCking in the FollOwing their meet in Glen-
l00-yard dash. Other winners for da1e this week, the Triton track-
UCSD were Jerry King in the men return home to host La Verne 
mile; Bill Ricks in the DOle vault, College and the San Diego Track 
and Bob Lemmon in the high and Field Club in a triangular 
jump. Also Steve Garfolo in the meet Saturday, April 18 at 1 p.m. 
' ***** .~*********.**************** 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
The golf driving range will be open each weekday from 12 noon until 

2 p.m. and on Saturday and SWlday from 12 noon to 4 p.m. 

UCSD will meet the University of San Diego in surfing competition 
Sunday, April 12 at 8 a.m. at Garbage Point in the SWlset Cliffs area of 
Point Lorna. 

Monday through Thursday at noon men and women are invited to 
the patio next to the pool for 15 minutes of exercise followed by 15 
minutes of jogging. The exercise-jogging period will start gradually 
and build up to a more vigorous program of conditioning. 

Qualified instruction in swimming, tennis, golf, badminton, 
trampoline, volleyball, saWla , Ind weight lifting is being offered in the 
gym at noon on Thursdays. It is suggested you purchase a recreation 
privilege card for use of facilities and locker. 

For details about these and other recreational programs available 
at UCSD you may stop by the recreation office in the gymnasiwn or 
phone ext. 2282. 

~." 
r"-----------~ .-..... ...,-... .,.,..~~.....-....... ~ ------europe.g~ ! i~ Ii PSA tel Is 

Fidelity Union 
Life Insurance Co. 

. Col .... M.stlr 
Holid.y Inn 

SUITE 100 
LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 
453-1863 or 
279-68 78, 272-0548 

Don CInI.n - M.nte Ev •• 

ONe WAY FROM $135 ... 
Jet Charter Flights 

Summer & Fall 

San 

Triton Times Friday, April 11 I 1970 Page 11 



tDnight 
Muine Biology Seminar : Dr . Brian 
Dru m, " Sensory Receptor s In 
Diatoms and Diatom Symb lonts." 
Noon, Sumner Aud . Fr ee and open to 
public . 

Concert : Raymond Lewenthal , 
pi anist . Pr esented by Arts and Lec · 
tur es . 8:30 p .m . Sherwood Hall. 

Fr iday Ni ght at the Mov ies : 
Surreal i sm · Dadaism Fest i val . 
Feature : Frea ks plus six shorts . 7:30 
p.m . USB 2722. 

Coffee Hut Enterta inm ent : Th is 
weekend featur ing Mater ial Stuff 
Blues Band . Friday and Saturday 
night, 9 p.m . ASUCSD Coffee Hut. 
Free . 

Food Co-op Dance : 9 p.m . Revelle 
Cafe . 75 cents adm iss ion . 

There w i ll be two ,showings of the 
mov ie "Inside North Vietnam" by 
Fel ix Greene at 7:30 p.m . and 9:30 
p.m . in USB 2722 . Sponsored by 
Student Mobilizat ion Comm ittee . 

saturday 
Revelle Interha ll Council Dance: 
Featur ing " Pegasus ." 8 p.m . Revelle 
Cafe . Free. 

sunday 
Environmenta l Awareness Sem inar 
Se ries : The Amer ican and 
Nature - Conquest or Commun ity, 
Mr . Harold Gi ll iam , 7 p.m . HL Aud. 
Free . 

Silver Sun Dance Happening : Rellelle 
Plaza . Sponsored by Creat ive Arts 
Workshop . Bring instruments . 2 p.m . 

mDnday 
Toby Lurie , poet : Noon , Relle lle 
Plaza . 

Bake-In : Free, campus ·made French 
br ead, fresh out of the Ollen , w i ll be 
served per iod ically from 2-6 p.m . In 
the Blake 4th -f loor lounge. Come and 
take a break from your stud ies and 
ta lk w ith your fr iends and enem ies 
over a m oist , tender , steam ing .hot 
slice of bread and butter . For mor e 
info call Bruce Morden 453·1068. 

MARCH FOR PEACE : The march 
will leave Newton Park ( F Street and 
Columbia), at 11 :30 a .m . and ter -
m inate at Balboa Park . Students and 
faculty members capable of Supplying 
r ides, stop by Urey Hall par king lot. 

Wednesday Night at the Mov ies: 
" Fa ilsafe," ASUCS D Coffee Hut, 9 
p .m . Free . 

thursday 
Sumnernoon Series : Color sl ides w i th 
c ommentary : " Angkor Wat --
Cambod ia " by Dr . Edward Br inton. 
Noon, Sumner Aud . Free . 

I,ctu"s 
John Dobson, sponsored by the In · 
ternational Club . Frida y , Apr il 10. 
7 : 30 p.m . Revelle Informal Lounge. 

The seventh in a ser ies of Sunday 
evening lectur el sem ina rs titl ed 
" New Dimensions in Env ironmental 
Awareness" w ill be held at 7 p .m ., 
Sunday Apr il 12, In HL Aud . The 
ser ies, sponsored by the Bureau of 
Envi ronmenta l Design at UCSD, is 
free and the public is encouraged to 
attend. The speaker is Harold Gill iam 
who will talk on " The Amer ican 
Land ." Fac illatator for the evening is 
Dr . Samuel Baron , Pr ofessor of 
History at UCSD . 

FRIDAY NIGHT 

I 

. AT THE MOVIES 
Will be held Saturday night, 7:30 pm. \ 

SURREALISM·DADAISM 
fESTIVAL 

USB 2122 
7:30 

COFFEE HUT 
ENTERTAINMENT 

MATERIAL STUff • 
BARREL HOUSE BLUES BAND 

~ ••. J 1:00 ..... 

'fAIL SAfr 

Page 12 Friday, April 10, 1970 Triton Times 

Provost stewart resumes his weekly 
open house sessions ellery Wednesday 
at 3:30 p.m . in the f i rst-floor lounge of 
the eight-story Mui r Res idence Hall . 
Free coke and cookies . Come and 
br ing a fr iend . 

Call ' Information Center EDNA for 
informat ion : 453·3362 or 453·2000 Ext. 
1176. New serli lce for dr ivers and 
passengers, where ar e YOU going th is 
weekend ? If you need a r ide or if you 
want passengers, call EDNA. 

Rap on Sex : F ind out what you want to 
know about reproduct ion and birth 
control. Monday thru Fr iday, 3-5 p .m . 
Planned Parenthood Off ice, 1369 B 
Street, San Diego . 

Graduate studies in Demography ilt 
Georgetown Uni ve rSi t y . For ad -
m iss ion and f inanci a l support , wr ite to 
the Graduate School, Georgetown 
Universi ty, 35th and N Streets, N.W., 
Wash ington, D.C. 20007. Clos ing date 
for f iling appl ications is May 1. 

allseball : Here vs . La Verne, 
Siiturday, April 11, noon. Here vs . 
Azusa Pacific, Tuesday, April 14, 3 
p .m. Here VS. Biola, Thursday, April 
16,3 p.m . 

68' Cougar, bargain, call Dr. Kravls, 
University Hospital. 

Anyone who has information on the hit 
and run accident that occurred last 
Friday , April 3 on Torrey Pines Road 
one block south of UCSD, please 
contact EDNA (453-3362) or George 
(459-5871) . 
Lost : one black and tan German Shep-
ard mix puppy (2-11 2 months) . Last 
seen on the Quad Friday, April 3 a' 1 
p .m . Answers to the name of Thor. 
Please contllct Greg at 45'-5871 or 453-
5215. 

Typing Servlce·- U .C. experi -
enced- Technical Typlng- The-
ses- Manuscripts- Tape Transcrip-
tion, I BM Selectric. Trudy Robideau, 
Mission Beach . 4"-0713. 

COLLEGE STUDENTS ONLY. EUR -
OPE- Spain, Greece, Turkey, Rome, 
etc., California Student. Tours . (213) 
478-6639 i (213) 469-6875. Fly TlA. 

club. 
Christian Science Organlzillion : 
Tuesday , Informa! Lounge, 8 p .m . 

Drift Coffee : Sunday , 7:30 p.m . 1511 
29lh Street, San Diego. 

Folk Dlnclng Club : TuesdlY 

Folk Dancing Club : Tuesday and 
Fr iday , 8 p .m . Pump House Annex . 

Mllituy Coffee : Sunday . 7:30 p .m . 
1360 Da le, San Diego . 

50S : Tuesday , 7:30 p .m . USB 4OSOA. 

Women 's Liberation Front : Sunday , 2 
p.m . Upper Blake Lounge. 

Yoga Club : Monday, Wednesday, 
Fr iday, 10 a .m . Wrestling room . 

Young Socialist Allliince : Wednesday , 
Apr i l 15, 7 p .m . HL 462. 

ATTENTION SENIORS 

hnportlnt ellIS "'"tinl 

ThursdlY April 1., 1970 

1 p.m. USB-2722 
The West Coast Jan Society w ill stage 
a second matinee benefit jazz concert 
for the Un illersl ty of San Diego 's EOP, 
on Monday, Apr il 20th , 4·6 p .m . In the 
Gym at USD. Donation : 52. . Angela Davis, cont. from page 1 
A Cyclethon to be sponsored by 
American Youth Hostels, Inc ., San 
Diego Coun ty Arthr it is Foundat ion , 
and the San Diego Heart Assoc iation 
has been set for June 6. The ellent is 
open to elleryone of all ages . For more 
information call 291 -0430 or 291 -7454, 
or wr i te to Cyclethon , 3537 Fourth 
Avenue, San Diego, 92103. 

Orange Blossom, the nation's leading 
creator of d iamond r ings, announced 
i ts f irst annual national poetry con-
test , open to ind iv iduals between the 
ages of si xteen and twenty -one . 
Contest entries w ill be judged by a 
prom inent panel of poetry experts , 
incl ud ing si nger ·com poser Glenn 
Ya r br ough . Or ange Blossom w i ll 
present d iamond pendants to the f i lle 
f i rst -awa r d w inners, and mer i t 
commendations w ill be given to 
runners -up . Each entrant may subm it 
up to f i lle poems , a total of 200 lines in 
length . Each poem w ill be judged 
separately on Its own l iterary meri ts, 
w i th ind i li i dual authorshi p and 
or ig inal i ty be ing stressed . Con test 
rules and entry blanks arc available 
at jewelry stores across the nat ion . 
Closing dates for entr ies is May 15. 
Winners w i ll be informed on or before 
August 15 by telegram . 

Regent Canaday has released 
several pointed statements to the 
press, and other sources have 
noted the extreme anger of the 
Regents after the rehiring of Dr. 
Herbert Marcuse by Chancellor 
William McGill at UCSD. In 
effect, the sources have said that 
Regents do not expect to be 
crossed again, and that Chan-
cellor Young's job "is on the 
lin " e. 

Miss Davis, a self-admitted 
member of the Communist 
Party, was fired by the Regents 
under a 1948 faculty rule, which 
has subsequenUy been repealed 
by the statewide faculty. She was 
reinstated by the decision of a 
Los Angeles court, which ruled 
the University's anti-Communist 
hiring policy unconstitutional. 
But under appeal the decision 
was set aside under a technicality 
to be transfered to Alameda 
County, the " residence" of the 

Moratorium, cont. from page 1 
The main event of the week's moratoriwn activities is the march to 

Balboa Park on Wednesday. The marchers will assemble in downtown 
Newton Park, India and G Streets, at noon, and will then proceed up 
Broadway to 5th Street and then to Balboa Park for the rally. The 
speakers and performers at this rally are as of yet unannounced. 

Finally there is a GI Protest Rally planned in the park for April 18. It 
has been coordinated by the Movement for a Democratic Military, 
which has among its demands a military Bill of Rights for servicemen. 
To be protested at this rally are unfair political court martials and the 
injustice of forcing a GI to participate in a war which he might find 
morally abhorrent. 

During this week of anti-Vietnam war activities, there will be a 
counter-protest by those who are in favor of the war. 

F.OR YOUR BEAUTY "" ....... 
~ 

BEAUTY STO-.s 
Special Discounts with 

Student Card 

Clair il-lapinal 
R04 Breck 

English leather 
Ozon-Well ite 

Old Spice-Redkin 

DIANE SHOPPING CENTER 
4.702 CLAmEMONT Mt;SA BLVD. 
272-3242 -

-, 

WAVU 
fW.SPRAYS WIG. 
WlGSU'PL'U GI,n 

UNIVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOPPING CENTER • 
3979 GOVERNOR DR. 

defendant, the University of (;ali-
fornia. The subsequent appeal of 
Miss Davis and her supporters 
has not yet been ruled upon by the 
State Supreme Court. 

Chancellor Young has ap-
pointed a "blue ribbon com-
mittee" to also investigate Miss 
Davis' qualifications. The 
committee will report to the 
chancellor, and its findings and 
membership were supposed to be 
secret. The committee is, ac-
cording to the DAILY BRUIN, 
not part of the nonnal pro-
cedures, and may be without 
precedent. 

However, the LOS ANGELES 
TIMES reports that the Blue 
Ribbon Committee will recom-
mend unanimously the renewal 
of Miss Davis' contract. This is 
added to overwhelming support 
of all but one of her students, who 
have under petition praised her 
nondogmatic approach and her 
willingness to explore many sides 
of a question. 

The Philosophy Department 
has announced its approval of 
Miss Davis, and its findings will 
be reported to Dean of Humani-
ties Philip Levine, who must sign 
the recommendation to make 
them valid, and therefore effec-
tively rehire Miss Davis. 

Although Dean Phillips has the 
actual duty of releasing the deci-
sion, the question ultimately 
rests with Chancellor Young. It is 
expected that action will be taken 
direcUy before the April Regents' 
meeting, or at the la~st, by June. 

FUN AND MONEY 
!Sell Viviane Woodard cosmetics 

Learn make-up techniques. 
We train you. 

459-3684 

&AIel IUIftOII .. .J:IIIA. IQOU ...... 
IIMTIII'S IIIAI 'ATCI 
CAu.-l 454-1271 I -

7IN ..u. 'A *'A 


