
v.lum. II, Hum".r fl ' University .f Calif.rnia, Sa" Die,o Tuesday, Novem"er 10, 1910 

"You'd be making a serious mistake." -Eric Christmas pboto/ FRONEK 

Drama Department Dream 

Flexible, Simple Theatre 
To Open in February 

Rod Lorang 
Staff Writer 

"It takes courage to be simple. But we need 
materials that can be utilized , we want to avoid 
inflexible concrete walls or floors Uiat resist 
adaptation-all those things should be avoided . . 
.Wood is an ideal material , but it should be 
simple wood, used in a simple way." 

Courage and simplicity might seem strange 
subjects for a university department head to 
expound upon, but Professor Eric Christmas of 
Drama has good reason for his words. During 
the three year life of his two-man department, 
there has been little but courage and simplicity 
to go on. He puts it this way : "Without a 
theater, we just don't have any life." But come 
February, weather permitting, Eric Christmas 
will be able to sit down in a theater of his own. 
Of course, he might have to sit on the floor . 

hairs cost money. 
The theater is a long time in coming. Its 

proposed location has been changed at least 
once (to avoid traffic noise ), the plans have 
been altered several times. The.actual budget 
now stands at a skeletal $58,000. But Christmas 
termed $250,000 a "comfortable" figure for a 
theater. After two years in the now defunct 
Camp Matthews gym, even $58,000 is very 
welcome. 

What the money will build is a basicly square 
bUilding, 55 feet to a side, with a ceiling 
clearance of 18 feet- just enough height for 
proper lighting. An open gallery beginning nine 
feet off the floor and extending five feet out 
from the walls will line three sides of the 
interior. Part of the gallery will be given over to 
light and sound booths; the rest may be used a 
balcony, or for exclusively technical uses. 
Workshops and dressing rooms will incorporate 
the concerete slab walls behind the book store 
that now enclose nothing. Office space will be 
taken from the Architects and Engineers 
building that . the theater will adjoin. The 
conference room in the same building will be 
used as the ' "green room," a sort of actors 
waiting and meeting room. Seating capacity 
under most circumstances will be a very 
acceptable 200. 

Theater ... A Basically Free Space 
Those 200 can be seated in a number of ways, 

as the theater, says Christmas, is "a basically 
free , empty, open space." There will be no fixed 
stage, no fixed seating, not even fixed risers on 
the flat floor . If things work out as planned, it 
will be possible to erect an arena stage, or a 
conventional proscenium (using curtains as 
fa lse walls), or a thrust stage, or even a fairly 
Shakespearean arrangement using a portion of 
1..he gallery as a balcony, and the area below it 

as a curtained inner stage. No other theater in 
San Diego has such flexibility . 

McCorry to Construct Interior 
Part of the reason for this unconventional 

interior is, of course, theatrical-the flexibility 
is a great dramatic and instructional tool , but 
most is purely financial. Money is so tight that 
the contractors will just build the shell of the 
theater, while Professor Tom McCorry (the 
other half of the drama department will design 
and construct the interior, using standard size 
lumber to build risers and box platforms that 
can be re-arranged and re-stacked as desired. A 
lot of this interior will come straight out of the 
old Matthews gym. "When we left there, the 
only thing we didn't take with us was the paint 
from the walls," says McCorry. "We didn' t nail 
anything. . . we took every single screw . And 
now I'm going to screw them into the new 
building." Seats are another problem. " I don't 
think were going to have enough money for 
seats . . .I hope someone comes in and gives us 
some money . . . " McCorry would like a seat 
with a little more freedom of movement than 
the standard theater seats. Some of the lighting 
equipment is also from the gym. It's described 
as "barely" adequate. 

Undeclared Sophistication 
Christmas says of the plan, "Mind you, this is 

by no means the ideal theater. . .If I had 
complete freedom of money, then I would have 
liked to have a sort of undeclared sophistication. 
. . to have the opportunity to be more subtle and 
skillfull 10 the presentation of our plays." Part 
of the sophistication both McCorry and 
Christmas would like to see is a permanent 
video-tape and TV capability. Although better 
equipment is desired neither Christmas nor 
McCorry would care to sacrifice the present 
flexibility for mere pretense. Says Christmas, 
" We 're not fooling anybody, and we're not 
trying to. I have little patience with theaters 
that pretend not to be theaters." 

Even with all the recycled material from the 
old gym one thing will be missed-the sign over 
the door. Etched on old plywood with masking 
tape and black pray paint, it reads "UCSD 
Theater. " The sign still exists, but it can't be re-
used. When Eric Christmas says, " I'm really 
glad we have a theater at all," he's not quite 
telling the truth. " Theater" sounded too 
expensive for the UC Regents, and Christmas 
decreed that the word not be used . So, in 
February, the drama department moves into its 
new "auditorium." For $58,000, you can't even 
afford a name anymore. 

±£!!5 

Dogs V oted Out of 
Mesa Apartments 

Robert Miller 
Staff Writer 

Residents of the Mesa Apartments voted 
overwhelmingly to maintain the present 
restrictions on pets being present in the 
apartments or on the grounds. 

considered when all other possible alternatives 
have been exhausted. 

Several animals, including the Glad 's puppy 
and the puppy of someone staying with them, 
have been roaming around the grounds of the 
Mesa apartments. 

Proponents of the ban on pets who were 
unavailable for comment earlier, explained that 
they feel that the presence of dogs and cats 
results in a health and safety hazard . There are 
over 300 small children at the Mesa Apartments 
and several have been bitten by the animals or 
have become sick after eating animal feces left 
on the grounds. 

A kennel fund has been established to help the 
Glads board the puppies until they can find 
another residence. There are no objections to 
the presence of a seeing-eye dog for Craig Glad 
when he does acquire one. 

Dean Murphy stated that the Glads must 
abide by their contract and remove their dogs. 
He expressed the hope that in the meantime 
they will board the dogs and get rid of them only 
if they choose to remain at the Mesa 
Apartments. 

Pet opponent Jim Conners made it clear that 
he, and others who share his views on the pet 
issue, do not wish it to become a controversy of 
life styles between long-haired students with 
pets and short-hairs without them. 

The vote held Thursday and Friday was to 
determine whether the Mesa residents wanted 
the pet policy in the apartment leases to be 
changed. The results were 376 against having 
dogs on the grounds and 51 for the dogs. The 
vote against having cats on the grounds was 
nearly as strong, 329 to 97. 

Dean Murphy, Chancellor of Student Affairs, 
said that his office is keeping to a policy that 
will seek to enforce the Mesa leases, while 
leaving room for sensible discussion on the 
issue. 

Dean Murphy is trying to help in correcting 
the polarization that has resulted between those 
wishing to allow the pets at the Apartments, and 
those wishing to abide by the terms of the 
contract. He wants to keep the issue relevant in 
terms of enforcement of the lease agreements, 
not merely in the specific terms of the case of 
the Glad 's and their boarder 's dogs. 

At present no legal suit has been filed by those 
against the large pets at the apartments. The 
only animals that are presently allowed are 
caged animals and fish . Eviction of the Glads, 
who have kept a puppy to train as a guide dog 
for blind Craig Glad, is not desired, but will be 

Referendum Challenges AS Council 
Bruce Morden 
Stafl Writer 

" The AS Council is controlled 
by an unresponsive clique who 
are not representative of the 
students." So claims Mike 
Sheerin, initiator of the 
referendums which are being 
put before the undergraduates 
this week, November 10-13. 

Sheerin gathered friends 
together and circulated the 
petitions to obtain the required 
5 per cent of the student body. 
" We want to qelp the Council 
become more respon ive to 
students ' desires , so we 
initiated the referendums." 

" The resolutions are merely 
Regents' Rules restated. But, 
they were voted down by the 
Council on June 13 of this year, 
o we decided to give them to 

the students, II says Sheerin. 
This is the first time since the 
adoption of the new 
constitution last May that the 
referendum .section has been 
utilized. 

Sheerin hopes that the "AS 
council will listen more to the 
students as a whole, than they 

Il'Iesi W. Ma •• ville 

(18M-1I7') 

will to individuals or the 
Regents." 

"The referendum is totally 
irrelevant and totally 
p~intless," states AS President 
Mike Palcic "There is nothing 
concretely good about the 
resolutions. All they are, are 
'motherhood ' resolutions .. , 

Claims Palcic, " If you vote 
against them it means nothing ; 
if you vote for them it means 
that you reaffirm your faith in 
rules and regulations." 

"The election is a waste of 
time." continues Palcic. "The 
resolutions are meaningless. 
AS should be involved in more 
serious activities than these 
resolutions ... 

The referendum questions 
are similar to the Regents' 
Rules, relating to tudents and 
student organizations. The 
resolution relating to the 
general strikes is the only one 
that is not included in the spirit 
of the Regent ' Rule . The 
backers of the re olution 
maintain that the council i not 

complying to these regulations 
In the past the AS has been 
involved with resolutions on 
strikes, Vietnam, and other 
political matters. heerin hopes 
that "moral sentiment of the 
tudents will have more effect 

on the Council than dry and 
remote regulations." 

Palcic is re pectinng the 
wishe of the backers of the 
re olution by continuing the 
referendum for four days. He 
could theoretically run a one 
day referendum. 

" I would urge people to 
regi ter an abstention," states 
Palcic. " If you vote for the 
resolutions you reaffirm your 
faith in the regulations, and if 
you vote no, it is meaningless; 
and if you ab tain, you how 
that you have to continue living 
with the regulation . 

The voting will be conducted 
at the Revelle Plaza. the Muir 

ommon , and the Matthew 
Cafeteria. tudents hould 
bring their yellow A card to 
vote on th re olution . 

ue5D Patron Dead 
"Mr. Erne t Mandeville wa a supporter of the entire UC 0 

campu and contributed to it in many way . Recently hi 
concern turned to the chool of Medicin and the probl m of 
clinical neurology. We hall all mi his breadth of intere t and 
hi discerning genero ity. We have 10 t a ver good friend. ,. 
Dr. Clifford Grobstein, Dean of th d CSD Medical chool 
made thi comment upon learning o( Mandeville' d ath. H 
died of a heart attack early unday. 

Mand ville, 74, a retired n w paper and magazin publi h r, 
wa known in th an Diego ar a primaril for hi 
philantnropic activitie . 

Mr. Voight, a University Librarian dir ct on in tituti n 
which received fund from Mand ville, comm nted on 
Mandeville' passing. '· Mr. Mandevill re ognized the 
impor' n e of book for th h ritage of th pa t and a a urc 
of information toda . Becau of hi donation toward pedal 
collections w hay named the departm nt of special 
collections the "Mandevill peclal oll tion." H wa a 
great friend of U D. 



St.louis Man Convicted 
On Rap Brown Clause 

ST. LOUIS (CPS) - Howard Mechanic, who 
graduated from Washington University last 
June, was sentenced on Oct. 30 to rive years in 
federal prison by U.S. District Judge James H. 
Meredith. Mechanic was convicted on Oct. 22 on 
a charge of throwing a cherry bomb at police 
and firemen during a time of civil disorder on 
the Washington University campus, a violation 
of the 'Rap Brown Clause' of the 1968 Civil 
Rights act. 

Missouri found Mechanic guilty of violating the 
"Civil Obedience Act of 1968" (Title X of the 
1968 Civil Rights Act called the Anti-Riot Act) 
which forbids "any act to obstruct, impede, or 
interfere with any rireman or law enforcement 
officer lawfully engaged in the lawful 
performance of his official duties incident to 
and during the commission of a civil disorder 
which in any way or degree obst,·ucts, delays, or 
adversely affects ... the conduct or performance 
of any federally protected function." This is 
known as the Rap Brown clause, because it was 
enacted in a move by Congress in reaction to the 
black rebellions that year. He was the first 
person in the country convicted under this law. 
(Mechanic ) 

Prior to sentencing, Meredith asked 
Mechanic whether he had any comment. "This 
is the second time I have been framed by the 
government and one witness on the same 
charge," Mechanic said. 

He faces an additional prison term of six 
months in the St. Louis County jail and a $500 
fine for his conviction in early June by Circuit 
Judge George E . Schaaf of contempt of court. 
Mechanic and six others were found gUilty at 
that time of violating the University's 
restraining order against campus disruptions 
and disturbances. 

Neither Mechanic nor his attorney, Lou 
Gilden, was surprised at the length . of the 
sentence. They had expected to receive the 
maximum penalty of five years and a $10,000 
fine . 

Mechanic has submitted a motion for appeal 
as a pauper which will be heard by Meredith on 
Nov. 30. f 44 Mechanic has denied lloth the federal and the 

county charges which resulted from an anti-war 
demonstration on May 5 during which the Air 
Force ROTC building on the Washington 
University campus was partially destroyed by 
rire. 

Thirty-eight persons face a total 0 
charges, ranging from loitering to sabotage 
against the federal ~overnment in a ti~e ~f 
national emergency, m the wake of last sprmg s 
anti-war demonstrations on the Washington 
University campus. The federal jury of the Eastern District of 

The Slacks: 
liD PEGGER" 
FLARES 
Ncrlron solids, stripes 
and plaids. 
SIlo It. pair I 

liD 
The Action 
Man Slacks 

R BEL 
SBOP 
PLAZA (AMINO REAL 

CARLSBAD 
(Mel ro Tickel AtenCy) 
. FASHioN VA LEV 

Pag.2 Triton Time. 

OPERATION SURVIVAL 
HOW ABOUT ·A JOB? 
Operation Survival points out that the success story of 

North America is written in terms of the use of energy 
other than human sweat and toil. This factor of energy, 
translated into power to do work , overrides all oth~r 
factors in the spectacular technological growth of thiS 
Continent. . 

The years since 1900 have seen the astonishing growth 
of power in many forms- the power of machines which 
have the ability to do enormous and complex jobs at the 
touch of a finger to a pushbutton. 

In jusC a relatively few years of past history, mankind 
has developed the steam engine, the diesel and gasoline 
engines, jet and rocket engines, the nucle<ir-powered and 
the solar (sun-powered ) engine. Other new forms of 
power, such as the chemical fuel cell engine, are coming 
into use. 

But the main driving force to produce these engines 
and to do work has been the development and use of 
electricity. The growth of electrical energy is a story all 
by itself. 

This civilization is literally being carried on a wave of 
power to a new level , a new plane of social and physical 
df'velopmcnt, presenting great possibilities but many 
new problems. It is important to note tbe United States 
will probably use considerable more electrical energy in 
the next thirteen years tban bas been used in total since 
1902. This trend is why social change is coming to North 
America , irrespective of what anyone thinks about it

' For details and what you can do send a 6 cent stamped 
self-addressed envelope to OPERATION SURVIVAL, P 
o Box 2019 , La Jolla Ca 92037. 

GROUP·DISCOUNTED 
AUTO INSURANCE 

Ploc.mtnt vuorontMd r~o,da." 

th.. polKY is ,n ttleet lhe 
I"s"r.d ,twdent is ouv,.d of hi, 
comphonce Wllh tht St., ., Col,'· 
OfnlO f lnol'Kiol R'liponStbllity Low. of d"Y'nQ rKord . 

for information CALL (7\.4) 583·9393 
.5090 College Ave., No. 1 

CSIS Son Colif. 92115 

November 10, 1970 

Vandals weD' OD a spree Friday nigbt at UCSD. 

Revelle, Muir Provosts Office 
Hit by Rocks, Paint Friday 

Early Friday morning , 
sometime after 2 a.m., a 
person or persons unknown 
threw four stones, through the 
windows of the Revelle 
Provosts Office 

Also Friday morning , 
students living in Tenaya Hall 
were confronted with a brightly 
painted drawing of a large 
screw accompanied by the 
caption " scres" in one of the 
eleva tors . The total 
vandalism of the night 
amounted to three broken 
windows in Revelle Provost 
Paul Saltman's office, and one 
of Revelle College Dean Tom 
Hull's office windows being 
broken. Besides the elevator, 
signs were painted in the Muir 
Provost's Office, reading 
" Fuck Administrators," and 
one on Building 2C, all in bright 
pink fluorescent spray paint. 
The effect of the vandalism at 
the Revelle and Muir Provosts' 
Offices were quickly 

Juliano Cinque 
Stoff Wr;ler 

eradicated, but the other signs 
at Muir still remain. 
Motive Unseen By Dean and 

Provosts 
Saltman and Hull were 

perplexed as to the cause of the 
vandalism at Revelle. At the 
root of their concern is the fact 
that there was no specific event 
to provoke the action. As 
Saltman explained, "All other 
times we could find a reason on 
or off campus to tie it to. " 
"Tom and I were both struck 
by the total attitude on 
campus," Saltman continued , 
"There was no indication from 
anyone that people were 
dissati ned. We felt no sense of 
hostility this year." 

At Muir , Provost John 
Stewart was similiarly 
bewildered, " I haven ' t the 
faintest idea as to what issue 
might have caused it. " Thus 
the question remains as to 
whether or not the vandalism 
was specifically directed 
against the Provosts. 

In discussion of the situation, 
Saltman said, "Students are a 
legitimate part of this place. 
They should have a sense of 
participa1.ion in the life of this 
situation. Vandalism is done by 
someone who doesn 't feel 
himself to be an integral part of 
St~dent price $80, the school. " 

Hull developed this idea 
ten day s only-, ' further,"Ifitwasafeelingof 

KING SIZE alienation that caused this, the 
Call Mike, 24 Hours guy who did it is no closer to 

student, or students, inv,"vP<' . 
feels himself to be at 
the rest of the students bec:aus4! 
he is anti-Establishment 
being against t 
administration. In reality, 
revea ling his sense of Isolau1un,1 
for most students have no 
to prove their inherent place 
the university through 
action. 

Saltman emphasized the 
of the peer group 
determining whether or not 
vandalism is actually ca 
out or not. " Protecting 
a marvelous way for ~Il,nw'n'. 
the threshold of 
behavior to rise and nse. 
Thus, when tbe person paused 
rock in hand, deciding whether 
or not to actually throw it, ~ 
knowledge that the act, if seeo 
by another would ~ 
unreported, would 
him to throw the stone, ra 
than put it down. 

Sergeant Gillespie of ~ 
Campus Police, stressed ~ 
contagious quality of 
vandalism. " A person who sees 
the effect of spray paint 
think it a good idea, and decil! 
to try it, too." 

Saltman would "like to SEt 
the students who vandalize b! 
reprimanded. It should be 
responsbility of students 
see it to report it. " 
, Stewart indicated, " It is 
hard to activate action 
would physically barri 
person from this kind of being unalienated than he was ~4;5;9;-9;2;7;2;o;r;2;8;2;.3~7;9;O:'~before. " Essentially then, the .... _______ ..... 

• COMMUNITY 'BLOOD 
WalJahead 

and all alone. 
327 F St. 

PAYS DONOIS 
for service 
Tue. lhru Fri. 

9:30 • 7:30 
Sat. 9:30· 5:30 

Closed Sun. " . MOD. 
233·8328 

urope 
Fall, Christmas and 
Summer 1971 flights 
available. Also to 
Israel and Japa n. 

I.I ......... C ••• 
1217 Beverly Blvd, 

Los Ang.I", CA 90041 
(213) 651-3311 

I .S.U .·u.c .S.D. 

Marijuana Claimed 
Beneficial To Society 

Rose DeCosla 
Sloff Wriler 

"Altered States of ConSCiousness, Drugs, and 
Society" was the lecture delivered Thursday by 
Andrew T. Well, M.D., at Scripps Clinic and 
Research Foundation. Dr. Well 's research with 
the effects of marijuana and his ideas on altered 
mental states has attracted nation-wide at-
tention. 

A pharmacologist, Andrew Weil is deply in-
terested in the psychiatry of drug users and has 
conducted government sanctioned experiments 
with drug-using subjects at the Boston 
University School of Medicine. His researches 
has led Dr. Well to the belief that drugs, when 
used in ritual, is beneficial to society because of 
its abilities to induce altered mental states. 

Alcohol, Greatest Menace 

been "high" before to learn how to meditate. The 
drug helps a person to learn how to get a "high" 
by himself. 

Rapid increase of drug usage leads Weil to 
believe that any efforts such as police action and 
present educational methods to prevent people 
from using drugs is bound to fail. Even legalizing 
marijuana would be a misplacement of energies. 
The only solution to present social problems is to 
shift public attitudes toward drug usage. He sees 
the best hope in a "massive re-{!ducation" 
program whereby limited drug usage is per-
mitted through controlled and ritualized con-
ditions. Many South American cultures use 
drugs in religious ceremonies to zero their minds 
in on something and use their thoughts for the 
good of the society. All cultures have used toxics. 
"Only the Eskimos didn't" , says Weil, "because 
they weren't able to grow any of the plants". Weil concludes that among the commonly used drugs, marijuana produces "unimpressive 

physiological effects" (reddened eyes, higher 
pulse rate) as compared to amphetamines, 
barbituates, and alCOhol. Amphetamines are 
habitual and leads the user to require larger and 
larger doses thus literally poisoning the user. 
Prolonged over-use of alcohol and barbituates 
results in irreversible physiological damages. 
"Medically speaking", said Weil, "Alcohol is the 
greatest public health problem we have. A 
person can take daily injections of heroin for 30 
years (provided that his needle is sterile and the 
drug pure), and the worst physiological damage 
that it can do is to cause the user to have chronic 
constipation". "Heroin users are soWld at the 
cellular level. Even when they suffer from 
severe infections (caused by unsanitary needles 
etc.), they can be restored to physical health. 

According to Wen, "PeOple are always in some 
sense 'tuned out' ,like daydreaming. What needs 
to be done is to make altering conciousness on a 
regularly scheduled basis . • 

Dr. Andrew T. Wei! pictured above spoke at a press conference prior to the CIBA lecture held at 
Scripps Research Clinic. His topic was Altered Mental States, Drugs, and Society. photo/ DE COSTA 

Drug RHducatlon Noon Rally 
Abuse of drugs is not present in other cultures. 

It is in this one beca use of the unconcious fear of 
marijuana due to past associations. Marijuana 
has been associated with rebellious deviant 
groups and a massive re-education would solve 
this problem. The suggested methods would be 
through the schools and religious organizations. 
Present day educational systems try to keep 
people from having drug experiences, thus in· 
ducing them to want to try it more." 

Rally Held in Support of Arrested Activist 

At a press conference prior to the lecture, Weil 
expressed his belief that it is natural for human 
beings to alter mental states, to change their 
conciousness from the hard<ore realistic now to 
some other mental state. Examining child 
behavior suggests that altering conciousness is 
an innate desire and ability. Why do children of 
all cultures like to spin around till they fall down 
dizzy? Why do people daydream? 

According to Weil , " Drug usage produces a 
similar effect. It alters conciousness. Alcohol 
can alter conciousness too but it is pharo 
macologically less suitable than marijuana. 
That is why most marijuana smokers loose in-
terest in alcohol. With alcohol there is a danger 
of slipping into the zone where there can be a too 
much. This is not so with marijuana . Smokers 
get high and they stay i!1 the same high, no 
matter how much they smoke. If they smoke too 
much, they merely fall asleep. 

Learn About "High" 
Weil states that there are better means of 

altering conciousness than taking drugs. These 
methods are meditation, yoga etc. Drugs are 
good because they "open the doors" or induce a 
person to alter his state of conciousness. It is 
extremely difficult for a person whose never 

Frederiek's 

Weil sees hope that drug usage would lead 
people to learn how to alter their mental states 
through other methods. He has examined altered 
mental states through hypnotism, trances, and 
even Simple daydreaming and found them 
surprisingly similar to effects received under 
drug experiences. "Learning how to daydream 
may have great potential for us as a species," 
said Weil. He also points out that many former 
drug users have learnt how to alter their mental 
states though highly disciplined means such as 
Zen Buddhism. They found the results so 
rewarding that they never found the need to use 
drugs again. Dr. Weil believes that acheiving 
new experiences of altering the conciousness 
through non-<lrug means would be most 
beneficial to our society. 

Besides teaching people how to alter their 
mental states, Weil has found that marijuana 
also has medical advantages. On the pharo 
macuetical market today arc such drugs like 
librium and stelazine used for patients with 
stress problems. " All these drugs do is to cover 
up stress and the drug doesn 't go to the root of 
the problem to help solve anything. Smoki~g 
marijuana will teacli a person how to alter hiS 
mental state, thus helping him solve his own 
stress problems, mentally," claimed Weil. 

The creation of a defense fund 
for Carlos Calderone, a Chicano 
activist, was annolDlced by 
MECHA and BSU leaders at a 
rally held in the Plaza 
yesterday. Calderone, a former 
member of the staff of El 
Barrio, the Chicano supplement 
to the Street Journal, was 
arrested last Thursday by the 
San Diego Police Department 
on charges of possession , 
man ufacturing and distribution 
of a firebomb; soliciting the 
commission of a murder; and 
criminal syndicalism. Bail has 
been set at $6,250. 

Third World leaders in San 
Diego have suggested that the 
charge of soliciting the com· 
mission of murder brought 
against Calderone is connected 
with the reprinting in EI Barrio 
of an article from another 
underground newspaper on the 
construction of a molotov 
cocktail and also Calderone's 
participation in a recent "Stop · 
the Pig" demonstration. 

According to the Third World 
campus newspaper, criminal 
syndicalism is an offense that 
was created in the 1930's to 
combat the socialist-leaning 
International Workers of the 

~ • ~ I,om b".;n ... CA,d. 10 brochur .. 

Ski Shop 
· tiD" Publ ishing! P r In e Xmas Cards & letters! r I ~ Schramm Business Services ~ ~ 611 P .. ,I St. It Jella 459-4944 

hn_ 10-8 M-F 
1()"6 Sat. 
11-5 Sun. 

Come in' and see all our new 
ski fashion·s and equipment 

7730 fay La Jolla 454-1410 

. ~e ha"Ve th.e 

Ofi.tI~, 
Million Villey Cenler S 
Grollmonl Cenler 

PSAtells· 
ucSan 
where !Ggo: San FranCISco. San Jose . Sacramento. Los JAr10eles , Hollywood· 

Burbank, and OntaTiO 
So go Fr m San Drego 

Call your campus rep. 
travel age"l , or PSA 

gtves,yau a 11ft .. 

World . The law prohibits 
"conducted agitation for social 
change." 

Speakers representing BSU 
and MECHA at the noon rally 
claimed that Calderone's arrest 

was "politically motivated," 
and that his conviction would 
become a precedent for future 
repression against individuals 
and groups desirous of social 
change. 

IT'S 
A HARD PROPOSITION 

TO BEAT? 
If you get the feeling you' re spending 

too much time with the books ... we may 
have the solution. Ours is a course in 

reading efficiency that means we teach 
more than speed . Our course emphasizes 

study techniques, recall skills and 
flexibility of rote as well. 

Save $5500 by registering now! 
Price increase goes into effect 

November J 5, 1970. 

For information about classes call: 
233·7774 

EVELYN WOOD 
READING DYNAMICS 

Triton Time. 

2550 Fifth Avenue, Suite 616 
Son Diego, Colifornia 92103 



till1es 
Univenity of Cllifornia, San Diego 

La JoIII, Cllifofn~ 92037 
(714) 453-2000, eKt. 1016, Advertising eKt. 1017 

Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The editorials expressed below are approved by the TRITON TIMES Editorial Board. All other opinions 
.. pres~ on thIS pag~ are those of the authors wh_ names appear in the bylines, and do not 

~slQ~lly r~flect the views of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit material to be published in 
thiS section should tend it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD. 

Is Freedom Free? 
Now that the election' is over and 

done, we must face up to a much larger 
issue, one that in the long run has much 
further reaching consequences than 
the election past. 

The issue that looms ahead is the 
politics of Mr. Nixon and Mr. Agnew. 
Our political awareness has spanned 
the administrations of Truman, 
Eisenhower, Kennedy, Johnson, and 
now Nixon. Never 'before have we 
experienced such revulsion for 
political tactics. 

When Mr. Nixon took office our 
ma jor fear was not that a Republ ican 
admini~ration was moving into power 
but that a self-centered politician was 
becoming our national leader. This 
fear it seems has been justified. Mr. 
Nixon has thrown all caution aside in 
his conceptual approach to national 
office. Through his puppet Mr. Agnew 
he has succeded where no other 
president could in the polarization of 
our nation. As an obscure candidate in 
the past election so aptly put it, "I don 't 

w~~!..!.o hate my son, I don'~want to 
hate my neighbors." This is exactly the 
situation that Mr. Nixon has placed us 
in. Out of sheer political opportunism 
he has placed father against son, and 
neighbor against neighbor, with little 
regard for the long term effect. 

Much has been said about the 
current wave of bombings and arson. 
Almost all have condemned it, we also 
deplore these actions, but we look 
further for their causes . We feel that 
the cause can be directly linked to the 
polarization caused by Nixon's 
political minipulations. To a certain 

extent the misguided people who are 
responsible for these acts of violence 
must feel that they are an underground 
army fighting for freedom. We do not 
feel that at this time the situation has 
reached the point where this type of 
violence is condonable. The bombing of 
police and army units must stop. These 
people are our brothers and must be 
shown that they are being manipulated 
by forces wishing to use their support 
to remain in power. 

The election of last Tuesday has 
shown that there is still action that can 
be taken within the electoral process. 
We are not advocating either a liberal 
or conservative approach in this 
statement. What we are asking for is a 
stop to the vilifaction of either side for 
pol itical gain. If Nixon, through 
Agnew, continues his politics of hate, 
we hope that he is bound to offend even 
his staunchest supporters. If this 
process takes place he will have little 
chance of continuing in power. The 
violence being perpetrated by a 
misguided few must be held in check 
until the electoral process has been 
exhausted. 

If in 1972 Nixon is re-elected, and his 
attacks have not abated, and the level 
of oppression is still rising, then it will 
be time for another look. This country 
has a heritage of freedom, certain 
powers have said that this freedom is 
not free and must be paid for, so be it. 
If it is conceivable to some that we 
were fighting for our personal freedom 
in Southeast Asia, then it takes no 
scholar to remember the words " When 
in the course of human events ... " 

triton tiIlles 
Editor-in-Chief .. lI a\wood Gammon News Deportment Rod Lorang 

Arh Deportment 
Jay Gille"e 

Adverti.ing 
Deportment 
Mark Trilling 
Susan Cades 
Molly Selvin 

Cit y Editor ....... : Hi ch I-Icimli l' h Juliano Cinque Peler Gordon 
Bobbie Fink Managing Editor .. .... \Iikc KlaHr 

Copy Editor ....... Chuck G rah~m 
Rose DeCoSlo 

Lorry Johnson 

Business Manager ....... J eff Fried 
David Kapeluunik 
Kalhy RUSI 
Carl Neiburger 
Robe" Miller 
Molly Selvin 
Bruce Marden 
Mike Kantro 
Mike Roth 
Brenda Wilson 
Mike Lyons 
Mike Tawney 
Jim Sills 

Arti,h 
Secretarial StaH 
Sieve Cohen 
Marge VanValken-

Editorial Director .. Haoul Contrera:-
Associate Cit, Editor ... Ow II Jo~ lI er 

Sarah McKenna 
Allan Sekula 
George SOloni 

Ca rl \ eihur~e r burgh 
Ant Managing Ed Arts Editor ......... Tern Barak 
Joe Eastern Copy Deportment Sports Editor ....... HO('k 1'1/ alron 

Photography Editor .... John Zaller 
Camy Sharick Sharon Weldy 

Debbie Montgomery 
Conlribuling Editor ... Stele Landau Production Glena Schroeter 

Dave Buchbinder Molly Montgomery 

The TRITON TIMES is officially recognized and .upparled as a .tudenl new.paper by Ihe Communication. Board 
of the University of Colifornia. San Diogo. Building 250. Ma"hows Campus. La Jolla. Colifornio 92037. Publical ion 
i. twice weekly on Tuesdays ond Frida)' •. Office. are located in room 117, Blake Holi. on Ihe Revelle Campus. For 
Advert ising phone 453 2000 , X 1017, for edilorial or news phone XIOT6 

Expreros your 
ideas 

n 

TRITON TIMES 
Send letters 

and columns to 
Editorial Director; 

TRITON TIMES 
117 Blake Hall 

UCSD 

Page 4 Triton Times 

Got Something To Say? 
The editorial pages of tbe TRITON TIMES are open to 

the entire Univtrslty community. If you feel the paper is 
too liberal or too conservative, why not help to try and 
change its direction. If you feel certain issues or 
viewpoints have been ignored or de-emphasized why not 
express them yourself. The TRITON TIMES seeks 
articles expressing the views of individuals and 
organizations, students and faculty, and administration 
and concerned citizens, If you feel your writing ability is 
equal to orne of our columnist the opportunity to 
cODtribute on a regular basis is also open. All potential 
columni ts hould contact the editorial director; 
individual article of opinion should be ent or delivered 
to the same. How well we renecl the Univer ity can be 
determined only through feedback from our reader . 
You can aDd should criticize or commend any part of the 
paper through letters-to-tbe-editor. 

November 10, 1970 

A Few Words 
The Referend 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Howie Porter opinion, they could not in speak for the whole student 
body. Public opinion is by am pling individuals, not 

In the forthcoming referendum. UCSD students will be polled 
on three questions which basica lly are as follows : should the 
ASUCSD Council take position on politica l issues without 
first submitting the question to the students; should the 
ASI.1CSD be allowed to call a general tudent strike without 
first submitting the question to the students ; should the 
ASUSCD oppose violence on campus and that student recourse 
is through reasoned discussion and the ballot. 

elected bodies. This is esn,eri~l v true in cases concerning the 
kind of ephermeral issues which this resolution must 
address itself. 

The issue of violence a a is not viable. Students know 
that to live by the sword stuck . The lesson of the 
repressive reaction which to follow violent excesses is 
not lost on students. Asking note to condemn violence is as 
useful as asking for one I,a. .. n~."rl the cleansing of the 

It would generally bc agreed that the results of such a 
referendum would be no. no. and yes, respectively. 5 percent of 
the students at UCSD have thought these questions of such 
import as to necessitate putting them to a vote of all students. 
It would be wrong to assert that those questions need not be 
posed since they are almost wholly covered by existing 
regulations. 

environment. The part of pertaining to modes of 
action open to students is and patronizing. 

Now, perhaps more than ever, tudents are constantly 
pressed as to their views on questions such as these and lhis 
referendum provides an excellent opportunity to express those 
views. These resolutions mayor may not provide sufficient 
rationale for the time and money expended in conducting a 
general referendum. However. a few remarks on the nature 
and probable impact of these questions on the Univer ity are 
in order. 

The Spring Quarters of 1969 and 1970 have clearly shown that 
students do not turn to the AS for leadership in times of cri is. 
Students concerned with events at those times gathered in the 
Revelle Cafeteria to express their desire to do something about 
the problems at Berkeley and Kent State. and of course 
Cambodia. Among other things a general trike , or more 
properly a boycoll of cia se . was adopted as a mode of protest 
and action not by ballot. but by a show of hand . While orne 
would purport that there was undue coercion to force 
compliance with the strike_ the fact is that the deci ion to 
strike or boycott was a matter of individual conscience and 
generally free from unusual outside pressure. This non-violent 
cooperative effort was exemplified last Spring. 

The point here is that the AS was not the motivating force 
behind the strike. The students. acting unilaterally and 
collectively. proposed the strike without resorting to the AS. 
The proposed resolution would prevent the AS from initiating a 
strike. but would not stop determined students. unless class 
attendance was made mandatory. Theoretically thi would 
eliminate the individual 's options and thereby eliminate past 
strike methods. 

The political i sue is less clear-cut. While it would eem that 
th student have a great many ideas and prejudices. it is 
doubtfu l that the AS would benefit by taking a tand on a 
particular political issue. ince they could provide only an 

The Time Has Come 
To Speak of Other Things 

Sl uarl A. Reder 
C.I. Oi cu ion Leader 

Since the start of school this yea r . [have been 
ob erving the various articles printed in 
reference to the John Muir Contemporary 
Issues program. I am amused and 
simultaneous ly saddened. Contemporary I sues 
has been an evolving program here since the 
school' opening four years ago. At the lime of 
its inception. the program was receiving 
sufficient funding and as a result a different 
format from that which wc see today then 
existed . We have come a long way. Due both the 
extreme paucity of funds and an increased 
knowledge of the desires and needs of dis u sion 
leaders and students. we undergo a continuous 
evolution in our structure. keeping in mind the 
aims and objectives of the program's founder. 
Provost John Stewart. 

than assumed or imaginary ones) to meet. 
the program directo r and or the 
leaders. who will. I am quite certain. wellcou<. 
you to visit their sec tions. TruLh is its 
vindication. 

I wish at this point to turn your attention 
the eclion for which [ am a discussion 
namely " Weste rn Revolutionary Writings." 
wa and continues to be my orig inal intent 
have the tudents in my section read 
critical detachment and avidly 
(confront, attack, and defend ) 

But darling ... 
it's TWO for the 
price of ONE at 
the Bratskellar 

this week! 

Dr. Schwartz 
Answers Back 

Craig Starr 01 i h 
Communications Board and a 
reporter from the SAN DIEGO 
U 10 asked me if I would be 
satisfied if DIMENSIO 
published my letter to the 
Communications Board 
pursuant to deal with tpe 
intents and purpose of the 
Contemporary Issues program. 
I replied that I would. The long 
article on Contemporary 
Issues. in the October 28 issue 
of DIME SIO . did not 
include my letter. nor other 
letters objecting to the earlier 
issue which several of my last 
year's discussion leaders had 
written , The more recent 
lengthy article was merely an 
expansion of the attack of the 
first one, with more empha sis, 
in bold type. on what 
DIMENSION considers an 
index of forbidden books. 

Once more I hould like to 
point out that no representave 
of Dimension came to the 
Contemporary Issues Office for 
an interview. My assistant 
Peggy Ryan was not consulted 
on discus ion leaders. their 
reading lists or the activities of 
their freshman group . Half 
the discus ion leader were not 
mentioned by name or by topi c. 
No section was visited by a 
DIMENSIO representative so 
that their accusations are still 
unsubstantiated . Nor was it 
mentioned that students 
concentra te on a topic of their 
choice, and that they are free 
to drop or cha nge ections at 
will. One random quote from 
books such as Ehrlich's on 

Ev ry year the sophomore and juniors of 
John Muir College receive inquiries asking 
them if th y would like to lead a ontemporary 
Issurs di scussion cours th following year. a nd 
if they were lound qualilied by the program' s 
director . they would be accepted as discussion 
I aders . To the b st 01 my knowl dge no student 
has ever been turned down for his personal 
political id ology. I lind it r preh nsibl to 
ob fu scate I the i su of the dearth of people 
willing and or abl to st p forward and lead a 
"conservative" course by charging the 
department With IInaglned leltlst bias On 
again. let me re-extend the open invitation to 
students who are Interested in being di SCUSSIO n 
leader to t1l t with the Contemporary Issues 
program dir etor I Dr. Lola Schwartz) in th 
spring quarter . Similarly. let me extend an 
in vitatIOn to tho > Int r ted in learning about 
eXisting Contemporary Issues programs t rather 

literature which I felt to bc representative 
modern We tern revolutionary writings. since ' 
is my op ini on that only by assuming the 
stance of internal opposti n and support can 
glean a basic understanding of such a ... ".,nnlp'l. 
is ue as this. [ might add that at our 
meeting . th class consider d (with the sa 
critical detachment! John Edgar Hoover's I 
FBI fame) op n I Uer to coli ge students. ~70. 

It is my firm belief that the focusing of 
s clion upon radical writings does 
predispose these studcnts towards 
" ravishes" or I Hi t dogma . After all. we 
seeking to learn to read thi s and all 
mat ria l with crilical detachment. 

Don't fool around too long! Bring this ad, 
your student J.D. and your date to the 
Bratskellar, You pay for your entree and 
we'll pay for your date's. Offer expires 
December 31, 1970. 

On several occasions. [ have brought amJ 
C nlinu to bring in guest speakers who talk 
my class on subjects as diversified 
M Ian sian argo Cults. Ralph Nader. and 
addiction. 

I wish to conclude by saying tha t I grea 
depend on and I isten to the feedback from 
group and bs rver to k ep our discus 'ions 
a critical and intelle('lual course. The 
in my s 'lion ar bright. qu stioning 
severly critical. I thank them I 

bcntskeUnr t 
1250 Prospect Plaza, La Jolla. 

population. or Jules Henry on 
American culture. or one poem 
from a cullcction tha t won the 
1967 American po try prize. is 
simply too abs urd . and 
abominable. to be commented 
upon. I do not wish to enter a 
series of rejoiners with the 
editors and writers of thi s 
newspaper of moderate opinion 
(sic ). but [ do have a 
suggestion: in Contemporary 
I sue they might learn how to 
understand the main 
arguments of a book. how to 
think about. analyze and 
research an issue. 

There is a crippled logic in 
the insistence on including 
diametricall y opposed 
material in the choice of an 
i sue to be considered : Does a 
course on Thomas Aquinas 
have to include the work of a 
Robert Ingersoll . and does a 
course on the Old Testament 
have to include the rantings of 
a collection of village atheists? 

If public relations are to be 
taken eriou Iy (and I do 0 
take them) . then it ought to 
jnterest the Communica lions 
Board that allegations such as 
DIME SION receiving "subtle 
threats from severa l members 
of the academic community" 
is, when un pecific. a reckless. 
irresponsible c harg e. 
subversive and destructive of 
the aims of the University. 

I continue to be open and 
available for all criticism from 
every direction concerning this 
course. (J st ill have the bumps 
on the left side of my head from 
last year's stone-throwing and [ 
suppose what I am getting on 
the right ide this yea r adds 
much-needed symmetry for my 
self-image- which I think 
corresponds to reality l. 
lIowever. [ prefer to deal with 
gentlemen who have the 
under landing of the rudiment 
of ordinary courte y. and who 
are not afraid to f~ me in 

CONTROVERSIAL 
BOOK STORE 

CRESCI'S C & M 
Mow OptA E .. ni.gl- Tuesday Ih"",h Friday 

S:lO I •• , .... 

T" rNse "'-r .,..ieUl 
TUISDAY 

moot ball .andwi(h 
salad aAd bever.g. 

99' 

,a"oli . s,aghilli 
(half·holf) 

saltd. roll . ~ ... "g. 
'" 

losqo. 
salad, "II , bemag. 

'LID 

THURSDAY 

ham sandwich 
potalo salad ., 
,,1.,1 .. 
pi(kl •. be .... g. 

'1.20 

I,sag" 
.. lad. ,.11 . 
be""g. 

'1.10 

FRIDAY 

.balou polly 
1.11d .. d be .... g. 

'1.10 

(hl(ku (OWltOri crib LOIn 
saloil. ,.11, be",,,. (h"" of d"'''A, 

'1.10 ,oil .nd be,,,,,. 

PIZZA at any time! 

CRESCI'S C & M 
Deli and Restaurant 

7833 Girard Avenue 
La Jolla , Calif. 92037 

phone: 459-51 <i' 1 

person even though I am a 
woman. 

Dr. Lola Schwartz 
Director of Contemporary 

Issues 

Wilde A Nazi? 
Editor : 

I have been receiving 
clippings from the TRITO 
TIMES about my appearance 
on your campus. Some of those 
tudent reporters. especially 

those trained by William Wilde , 
shouldn't be wasting their lime 
on a campus newspaper. They 
are ready for the big city. Such 
big cities as Hanoi , Moscow 
and Peking. 

However. some good was 

sure the Jewish community of 
San Diego is not eager to 
continue to be taxed to support 
William Wilde's Nazism. I am 
sure the non -J ewish 
community is not eager to be 
either. Too many of them 
risked their -lives. and gave 
their lives to clean it out of 
Europe. to sit by idly now and 
let their kids be poisoned by it. 

To the vast majority of 
thoughtful, well-behaved 
students on your ca mpus. I 
express my condolences on 
being compelled to hear their 
lectures in a concentration 
camp. 

Sincerely, 
AICapp 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Industria l Crafts Shop' 

Are vou Interested In auto 
mecha·nlcs. welding wood or metal 
cra fts ' With a litlle Interest II may 
b pOSSible to establish such a shop 
on campus If you lire Interested 
call either Tom Hull In the Revelle 
Provosl s office or J ff Coh n at 
453-7 156 

The EducatIOn Abroad Program 
IS a stale-wide program presently 
operating in cooperation With 
universities In 15 countries CC 
students are able to make progress 
toward their C degrees while 
studying at a university outSide the 
United States. thus beneflllng fro m 
all aspect of involvement with 
another culture 

Applications for all centers are 
available now at the Office of 
InternatIOna l Education. 250~lC . 
ext 1941 

The deadline for the Um ed 
Kingdom applications IS :\ovember 
15 and for all oth~r centers 
Januar\, 15 

accomplished. Will ia m Wilde 1I1IIlI1iii!_!ii!!iiliil!!iil!i!i!i!!!!iii!!iiIiii!illIii_l&iiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!liiiii •• 
of the Sociology Department 
was identified in the TRITON 
TIMES as the dramatic coach 
of the crowd who regularly 
interrupted with mass howling. 

Now . beating a man into 
silence with noise is as brutal , 
as azi and as effective as 
doing it with a club. Wilde is a 
teacher of Nazi methods. and a 
maker of young Nazis. I am 

folk arts 
blues, folk JIZz. 

rock on record 
Ilso : pottery, jewelry, 
luther, 

hind mid, clothes 
3753 india 

(corner washington 
Ind india) 

-that the AS food 
services spent 

$55 rOOO 
on student salaries 

last year? 

Support your own 
AS food services 

.Coffee Hut. 

HONDA CARS 
$139500 

Pacific Honda-1269 Garnet 

e.. 
rn, 

Next to R".,o.\c! ~1.,..t'"S 

h.b 11111 Itlti ••• ry 
Irt .It.ri ... 

IIIII.uk Clr~1 
Plrty I"~S 

north coast stationers 
121 north hilhwlY 101 s.lenl hlch 

755-4923 

selle.1 supplies 



Rl(ord Review 

Over the River and 
Through the Woods .. . 

The Gremlin 

Ya want to see Him? Well, let's see. Ya go up into the 
mountains of Maine and a ... down the road into the woods .. 
.and . they'r~ really slraoge dark green-black woods. And ya 
stop 10 at thiS place ... the North Star Cage. You ' ll know it. It's 
really old, kinda old stucco brown and torn apart. It's got this 
old " Coors" sign and one light bulb. Well , ya go in there and 
you'll see him, Bob Dylan. 

Inside, Dylan's got all of his things ... an old dilapidated 
piano, one old Sears, 1901, pump organ, one ancient Fender, 
Jazzmaster bass and an old chawed up Telecaster guitar. He's 
also got the Dylan, super, extra mellow, soul blank angel 
chorus, consisting of Hilda Harris, Albertine Robinson, and 
Maeretha Stewart. Old friend and defender Al Kooper is doing 
things with organ, piano and French horn. Along with AI , 
Harvey Brooks came back from " Highway 61 " to play bass, 
Buzzy Feiten is on guitar, and Billy Mundi is on old wooden 
drums. 

Dylan has got so much going for him' He just plays and plays 
in that old bar. He starts out with funky , rasping Dylan voice, 
old Dylan harmonica and raunche country " If ot For You." 
In "The Locusts Sang" he talks about accepting an honorary 
degree at Princeton and he's just laughing at 'em ... scourging 
'em with a scoffing laugh. "The man standing next to me his 
head was exploding . .I was prayin ' the pieces wouldn 't fall on 
me." He flats you through "Time PClsses Slowly," and " Went 
to See the Gypsy". He pokes fun at " Nashville Skyline" in 
" Winterlude.·· " Winterlude, this dude thinks you' re fine ." and 
he puts you in his environment with "If Dogs Run Free." 

Thi cut is the turning point of the album. Kooper doodles 
early morning blues on the piano. Dylan is huskily growling out 
esoteric questions, " If dogs run free . why can't we? 

Fron side two on, Dylan's got you. You're with him in the 
bar. This bar is country. as in " ew Mornmg." This bar is a 
soulful, boozy loose church in "Sign On The Window." "The 
Man In Me," "Three Angel " and the prayer, "Father of 
Night." " Father of Nightness/Father of Day Father to 
whom we most solemnly pray ... " And ju t to show you a 
little "Dylan decadence." he slips in a greasy, but good. "One 
More Weekend ." 

Thi album is brilliantly produced . The album looks like an 
old bootley with a picture of Dylan plastered on the front with 
an old "fifties" style of printing on the back. Also, on the back 
cover, is an old, old. picture of Dylan with what looks Like 
Besse Smith. 

Dylan just got back his old self fused with the energy of his 
environment. All in all. what can I say? The numbers were 
great and so is this album.The music drought of the '70's has 
ended. 

POSSIBILITIES 
Elvis In 
San Diego! 

Elvis Presley. on hi [irst 
American tour in 13 years. will 
appear in concert. Sunda y. 
November IS , 1970 at 8:30 p.m. 
at the San Diego Sports Arena . 
From his fir st big hit , 
" Heartbreak HoI 21," Elvis' 
populari ty increas.-d and never 
lagged. even throlgh his hitch 
in the U. S. .Army. After 
returning to civili" n lifE' with 
shorter hair and le ;s outlandish 
style, he continued in the 
movie-making indJstry. Along 
with movies and hi records, 
Elvis grew to even greater 
popularity. Elv s is now 
considered one of the grea test 
entertainers of our time. 

Tick ts are $10.00, $7.50 and 
$5.00 and are available at Bill 
Gamble 's Men s Sto re s, 
Sneaker Inn . all Central 
Ticket Agencies and the Sport 
Arena Box Office. (224-41761 

For further information 
please conta ct Suzanne 
Dunbar. James C. Pagni 
Company, 3605 30th Street. San 
Diego, (714 ) 291-3020. 
Page 6 Triton Times 

Music For Saxophone 
and Dancer 

There will be a performance 
of contemporary chamber 
music by Ken Dorn , 
saxophonist composer . . and 
Sherry Dorn, acte dancer, on 
Saturday. November It in 
Matthews Campus Recital 
Hall , U.C.S.D., at 8:30 p.m. 
Included in the program will 
be : " Dialogue for Alto 
Saxophone and Two Channel 
Tape" by Karl Korte. " Aus den 
sieben tagen" I FllJin thc e pn 
Days) by Karlheinz 
Stockhausen. " Inside. Outside. 
for I actor" by Sherry Dorn, 
" olors for Saxophone Alone" 
by Ken Dorn, " Music for One 
01 More Dancers" by Anthony 
Gnazzo, and " Mu sic for Soloist 
and Audience" by Elliott 
Schwartz. 

The Dorns have performed 
extensively throughout the 

ew England area , and this 
performance IS the fir t In a 

ries of concerts, lectures, 
and d monstrations planned 
for San Diego area. 

All ar welcom and th rc is 
no admission charge. 

November 10, 1970 

One 01 the many mela I sculptures in Iront of the 
UCSD Arl Gallery on Matthews Campus. 

Movie Review 

The Proud Bird 
With The Golden Tail 

Jay Gillette 
Arts Writer 

" The Stewardesses" is 100 minutes of 
panting, thrusting, throbbing, pulsating passion. 
The film features a soundtrack of moans, gasps, 
sighs, and cries of ecstasy that would make a 
sailor blush , except that we see in the opening 
scene that it is a sailor's lovemaking that is. 
inducing the pleasurable noisemaking. The 
question should leap to mind, " How can you tell 
the man in the picture is a sailor?" Because 
sailors make love with their white caps and 
uniform jackets on, or at least this one does ! 

After seeing the film " that is turning this city 
on, " I am convinced that anyone, given the 
formula , can make a successful sexploitation 
film . First, beg in with the premise that people 
are more interested in skin than in plot, 
character development, dialogue or cinematic 
artistry. ext, include the obligatory dramatic 
conventions: a psychedelic scene. a lesbian 
ce ne. a garter belt 1black 
sto~king masturbation cene. a missionary 
pOSitIOn scene (to placate organ ized religion I, 
and several non-missionary scenes (use your 
Imagmatlon I. Keep in mind that while women's 
sexuality is to be given as much ex posure a~ 
possible . you must never, never show a picture 
of male genitals- someone might be offended. 
or worse still, prurient interest might be 
aroused. Finally, pick for a subject a class of 
peoP.le that have a built-in sexual mystique, like 
movie stars. or young Ad Executive types or. 
perhaps ... stewardesses', 

Your movie could start with a shot of a sa ilor 
silently making love to a groaning pair of legs , 
while a stewardess' uniform lies discarded on a 
nearby chair . After the sparsest of connecting 
cenes, how you obligatory scenes in rapid 

succession: the party scene , the acid trip, the 
lesbians, the masturbation (female only), a 
good seduction, a quick shot of Queer & Queer 
Ad Agency Executives in a hotel lobby, several 
bedroom scenes. and top it all with a 

San Diego Opera Opens 
The San Diego Opera 

Company begins its new eason 
tomorrow night with a 
perf orma nce of " La Tra via ta , " 
which will also be presented on 
Friday night. Performances 
are at 8 p.m. For more 
information call Marian 
Bremner at 232-7636. 

SAT. NOV. 14 
8 P.M. 

W,e. Fields 
Flash Gordon 

Marx Brothers 

The Heart Sits in the Power Throne 
lIeart beat, heart blood , heart pump , heart drive. 
The litany of the heart, the beat of life is the central experience of Robert 

Newman's " Power Throne," the exhibit-happening opening Wednesday at the 
UCSD Art Gallery. 

" Power Throne" i a subtle, non-vocal Iheatrical experience that leads the 
patron through a catheral of life to hear his own heart beat. As the silent red-

rob~ ~ttendants direct the audience one by one through thered satin wall , an 
amplified tape recording beats out the pulse of man at various stages of life. from 
a flower covered altar of life. The patrons are, in the words of cwman "orie~ted , keyed-in" to the heart pulse and prepared for their personai 
experience. 

The heart i powerful ~uscular organ that pumps seven liters of blood through 
the body every seven mmutes. The blood is rhythmically circulated through the 
organs, back to the heart, through the lungs to be re-oxygenated, and again 
returns to the heart. The action of the heart maintains the flow uf nutrients and 
oxygen to maintain life . 

From the forechamber , one walks through the nave of the gallery to an 
enclosed chamber. The acolytes initiate him into an environment bathed in red 
color that. according to Newman, " makes everybody beautiful. " <Red has bee~ 
chosen to suggest life , warmlh, passion, health. ) This is the Throne Room and 
the subject is seate.d in the Power Th.rone where a stethoscopic microphone picks 
up the sound of hiS heart beating In the chest cavity. A sophisticated sound 
system amplifies pulsations and fills the space with the cardiac rhythm. 

The artist describes the sound as " better than any doctor ever heard." It is 
definitely louder and clearer than most people have heard, and it quickly 
becomes obvious that the rhythms of the heart are not the perfectly regular 
Signals of the TV hospital oper~ting room. The beat catchs ~nd starts, forming a 
soun.d montage as the complex mternal beat patterns overlap. The irregularily, is 
faSCinating as the sound of one's blood pulsing, of the heart pounding in the chest, 
overwhelms the subject. 
.. I~ th~ , final s~ge of the experience the subject hears a poem electronically 

mIXed With hiS heart beat over the earphones that reinforces the experience of 
the power and life within the body. The " internal" experience over the curtains 
part and the individual finds himself in confrontation with his im~ge, his outer 
self. 

The artist has prepared the entire performance for the greatest effect possible 
by diminishing the "presence" of the attendents, and encouraging silence in the 
audience waiting in the orientation chamber. 

Our usual definition of the self usually centers on the mind , the ego, the 
person~lIty , .and Ignores . the entire living .mechanism of the body. But upon 
reconslderatl?n, one realizes that the conscIous self would not exist without the 
body, but durmg sleep, our body does very well without consciousness. The heart 
and the auton?mous systems of the body must. and do function with regularity 
and self suffiCiency ... Power Throne" asks us to recondiser the definition of self 
to become aware of our life, .of living and to dedicate ourselves to a respect fo; 
the body mech~msm . The artist clearly wishes to evoke a deep feeling of sanctity 
for all hvmg beings that share the vital strength of the power throne. 

murder/suicide. Then title the whole circus 
"The Stewardesses." 

It is a shame that theaters as good as the Fine 
Arts and the Academy have to carry such an 
obviously poor film . Yet, as their management 
told us, "The Stewardesses" has made them 
more money than any of the decent films they 
have run in recent times. This can be explained 
partly by the gimmick of 3-0 (not even good 3-
D); but, mostly from the approach of the film. 
It offers explicit sex and delivers, and thus 
appeals to the voyeurism of its audience. 
However, I can't help but feel that if the peopl 
of thiS country were gelling their sex regularly 
and healthily, films like "The Stewardesses" 
would not pre-empt those many good films that 
deserve to be shown. 

?AClr~C 
YAM~KA 

complete sales 
& service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
1551 •• rll.1 IV. 

leifit ~ .. ell 274-6343, 

U5' AftIIldl DE LA PLAYA 

PlIo. 459 - MIS 

Gr.c.,I •• , 
".~.(., 
• •• 's, 

WI •• , I •• , 
King Snedley, too. pu.t~· in. . the c.ockpi.l" •• 

',,~, USD 2722 
. .' .~, .. " 
.• . :f~"'" I • 

I :.: . 
. ',' 

. ~~~~ 
,'I' 
:::: 
.... 

.... 

.... 

,' .. 

!::: 
.•.. 

:::. 
,'t' 

~l~: 
',', 

:::: 
.... 

I 
.... 

m~ 
.'t' 
.'.' ;::: 

What Now Pele? 

Ed Avolleads Da ve Ezell of Azusa Pacific on the UCSD course, 
.'.' 

A 0.11, .. ", C, ...... '" """II" H bl ... ,,, ... ,,, .. " I 
totally abstract tasle. ~:~: 

In the past two weeks, the UCSD soccer team has 
experienced the entire spectrum of competitive exper ience. 
Against USIU on October 28, the Tritons scored their all-time 
grea test triumph, 6-1. It was the highest scoring game for the 
Tritons in their short but illustrious three year existence. The 
front line , consisting of David Riss, Fred Grunewald . Carlos 
Robles, Jorje Rivas, Andy Rubin, Stewart Hayes, Francisco 
Luna, and Doug Smyth had rive players scoring, with Robles on 
top with two goals. Anchored by fullbacks Ray Carillo, Doug 
Smith and Hugo Flores, with Ned Newman in goal. the defense 
was magnificent, as USIU 's one goal came on a penalty kick in 
the third period. UCSD seemed to have gotten it all together 
against the Westerners , who at times thought they were 
playing football. 

Avol and Deleonardis 
Pace Harriers 

, ... 

"Simian Spkeriod" j\j: 
Dining at the Sign of :::' 
The Popping' ester li~: 

Dave Buchbinder :': 

For a truly UnfOrget~~:: Writ;he atmosphere that one of III 
..J pxperience in dining, The these unusual attempts at ::: 

Popping Jester is a must. As gastronomy crea tes for the ::: 
one enters the premises of one interested individual is one of ::: 
of these aristocratic truly wondrous ecstasy. ::: 
t!stablishments, one cannot Impressions of the Bill of Faire ::: 
help but notice the highly appear provocatively along the ::: 
efined clientele that frequents walls, invariably enticing the ::: 

:J hese meccas of processed diner to purchase more of the ::: 
"Pomme Frites." luscious victuals. Also adding ::: 

The J est e r ' s h i g h I Y to the varied decorum of these ::: ~ .. iversified menu ranges from eating places are abstract ::: 
t he world renowned versions of raindrops in ::: 
Bogusburger ala carte, to the stimulating yellow and ::: 
uniquely aquaedcola. Other scintillating red , merging at ::: 
choice . items listed on different points along the walls ::: 
"Poppy's" Bill of Faire include to create a truly extraordinary::: 
the moribund Morbyjock and aura ::: 
the superbly prepared Taca- Pa'trons to PJs almost :::, 
con-salsa. invariably return at some time :::: 

. or other to repea t their :::: 

Then on Halloween the team traveled to Anaheim to play 
Biola (Bible Institute of Los Angeles ) College. Biola, coached 
by a somewhat ethereal figure , had no trouble winning against 
the secular Trttons. The final score was 7-0; His will be done. 

Last Saturday the team again traveled into the smog to play 
Cal-State Fullerton. Game conditions were excellent; smog, a 
muddy field , and a lake with quicksand in the goal areas. In the 
end, Fullerton scored five goals, most of them past the arms of 
freshman goal keeper Robert Van Valin. UCSD retaliated with 
a smashing penalty kick by halfback Bob Goe. The Tritons, 
employing an Italian-style five fullbacked defense with Mark 
Schneider and Rubin in addition to the regualrs, seemed dazed 
and confused during the first part of the game and never really 
got their heads together. The outcome was Fullerton 5, UCSD 
1. 

Wednesday the Tritons take on rampaging Cal Poly Pomona 
at 3:00 pm on the Matthews Campus field . The student body has 
given the team absolutely no support at all, in contrast to the 
fact that people have come from as far away as Santa Barbara 
to support the Triton 's opponents. Remember, if you can' t be 
an athlete, be an athletic supporter. 

Gourmets are truly inspired exquisite experiences in dining. :;:: 
by PJ 's famous contribution to Many have attributed this :::: 
the world of eating! The subtle overwhelming popularity to the ::: 
nuances of their own savory usual friendly ludicrousness of :;:. 
secret sauce. When a famished the Jester 's Maitre 0 ', and his :,::,: 
d. h 'l b't . Recreatioo Day will feature all kiods of weapons, from foil , to mer appl y I es mto a courteous staff of highly:',':: 
f B b pillows. amous ogus urger-con- trained chefs and waiters. ;::: 
queso, a smile of diluted The Popping Jester 's price- :::: A Y P d? 
happiness emerges upon his r t ' 1 h t f I .... re OU repare face as the arnazingly fluid IS IS a so somew a 0 a ure ':.: • for its superior pablum. :::: 
substance embellishes itself Dissatisfied customers ::::R "eat·o D y Is (ome.ng 
daintily upon his lapel. unanimously agree that when ::;: e~r • n a 

Also appearing high up in the you dine at the sign of the :::: UCSD "R t' 0 -,,-.-
roster of gourmet delights at Popping Jester, "You always :::: ec~ea IOn ay IS 
:he Popping Jester is the newly get what you pay for." :::: to be held ~nday, ~ovember 
,: reated Morbyjock . This So whether you prefer drive- :::; 13th fro~ 11.~0 am-3 .oo pn: on 
Jelicacy is an exclusive up ordering through the :::: the maIO mttam~ral field 
conbination of choice filets excitingly fluent but inaudible :::: (west of the Natatonum). 
from Neptune's retreat, rugged microphone, or the homey:::: T wen t y - f 0 u r U C S 0 
piscean cartilage, and an down-ta-earth s~y~e of walk-Up ;;:: Recreation Clubs including: 
unusual crust of consistently • self-~rvlce, dlm.ng at the :::: Angling, Fencing, Horseback 
fresh bread . Much to the Poppmg . Jester IS truly ~n :::: Riding, Sailing , Archery, 
delight o[ the connoisseurs, the extraordmary expenence m :::: Bowling, Golf, Muir Outing, 
Morbyjock appears to be on the s u pe rb I y pre p a red :::: Skin/Scuba Diving, Soaring, 
road to immortality. regurgitatible cuisine. ;:;: Aikido, Bicycle, Folk Dance, 
':;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;»:;:::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::t Ba sketba 11, Water Ski, Tennis, 

Modern Dance , Soccer , 
Surfing , Judo , Yoga, 
Synchronized Swim, Snow Ski 
and Karate will display their 
equipment ; so the field will be 
lined with a glider, sailboat, 
water ski boa t, horse , canoes 
and rafts ... archery target plus 
much more equipment and 
hopefully will draw many 
curious students, [acuity and 

IItGlllY: 
' :l0 

--WOODYUD' 
uTHotIy 
PERIlIIIS 

' :41 
PARK BLVD. AT UNIVERSITY AVE. • 298'()5n 

..-

staff to the event. 

There is also the attraction of 
~inning free prizeS by picking 

up a raffle ticket at each club 
display. The clubs obtained 
these donations for the raffle 
that were made by local San 
Diego and La Jolla businesses 
and sporting goods stores. 

The raffle is to be held at 3:00 
p.m. Students, faculty and staff 
must be present 'to win . Those 
who attend should have an 
ioterestiog time ... many of the 
clubs have activities planned to 
represent the theme of their 
club, and those collecting raffle 
tickets must earn them at the 
display by participating in the 
c1ub'sactivity. There are 10,000 
raffle tickets available to be 
given away so that this activity 
is planned to include most of 
the UCSD campus. 

The Recreation Dept. at 
UCSD is gra teful to the local 
businessmen and women in the 
La Jolla-San Diego area for 
their support and contributions 
which are helping to make this 
event possible. 

Clark Rosen 
Sports Writer 

The UCSD cross-country team has faced some of its toughest 
competition this season in three recent encounters. 

A four-way meet on the Tritons' home course October 24 saw 
a much-improved Azusa Pacific squad come out on top: Azusa 
Pacific 29, UCSD 38, San Diego Track Club " B" 68, SDTC 
Seniors 97. Dave Ezell (25: 44 .8) and Victor Castro (26 :07 ) 
captured first and second places for AP, Ezell 's time being one 
of the fastest ever recorded on the hilly 4.6-mile course. 
Leading the Triton effort for the fifth straight week was Ed 
Avol , finishing fourth in 26: 19, only one second behind Jim 
Temples of SDTC. Bob DeLeonardis (fifth ), who has been 
running very close to Avol all season, clipped six seconds of( 
Joe Gonzales' fre shman record. setting a new mark of 26 :23. 
Other Triton finishers were Randy Twombly (27 :02 ), seventh ; 
Clark Rosen (27 :47 ), ninth ; Jerry King (28:23 ), twelfth ; Kirk 
Newell (28:31), thirteenth ; an newcomer Mark Koide (36:00), 
thirty-first. 

Although Avors performance shows considerable 
improvement over his best of last year, the Muir sophomore 
was not pleased with hi s speed and feels that he can run much 
[aster. Twombly, Rosen , King, and ewell have not yet 
equalled their marks of last season. King, top man in 1969, has 
been in a long slump despite his hard training. 

At the Chapman Invitational on October 31 , UCS took the 
eighth team place in a formidable field that included powerful 
Cal State Fullerton , Cal State Long Beach, Biola , Westmont. 
Cal State L. A., and San Fernando Valley State. The 
competition was so outstanding that the first nine fini hers 
clocked uner 25 minutes for five miles. Bob Macias of CSLB 
was the individual winner, setting a new Hart Park course 
record of 24 : 15. UCSD's long-striding Bob DeLeonardis ran a 
fine 25 :53 to take twenty-fourth. and Ed Avol was eight places 
behind his teammate in 26:22. 

Last Saturday UCSD made a fair showing in a poorly-
attended Aztec Invitational in Balboa Park. While the Tritons 
'ran without competition in the College Division, University and 
Open Division honors went to San Diego State. Otis Martin 
took first place for the Aztecs with a blazing 29 :38.5 on the 6.0 
mile course. The San Diego Track Club "A" team also placed 
ahead of UCSD. 

Once again freshman DeLeonardis was the Tritons' standout 
performer, finishing eleventh in 31 :40. Avol (32 :28 ) was 
seventeenth ; Twombly (33 :32 ), twenty second ; Rosen (33 :48), 
twenty-third, King (34:23 ), twenty-sixth ; and Koide (44 :30), 
forty-third . 

This Saturday the team travels to Thousand Oaks for the 
AlA District III Championships. 

Want to write-

see- Rich Heimlich 

NIGHTLY 
8:00 LIMITED ENGAGEMENT 

1 WEEKS 
ONLY! 

THE TWO PART PIIOOUCTION 01 
LEO TOLSTOY'S 

WAR 
--.... --PEACE 

ENTIRE PRODUCTION Of "WAR AND PEACE" Will BE SHOWN 
PARTS EM:H PART WILL iii SHOWN FOR ONE WU~I 

Ollala 
EL CAJON BLVD. AT 63RD ST. • 286·1455 

Triton Times November 10, 1970 Page 7 



( 

TUESDAY, 

November 10 

LECTURES-noon. 2622 SB : 
AMES Fluid Dvnamic Film 
Series. Tille of fi·lm. " Waves in 
Fluid ." 

noon. Salk Small Seminar Room : 
Salk In titute Seminar. Mr. Henry 
G. Gardiner. director of Fine Art 
Gallery of San Diego. " Modern 
American Art · East Coast vs. West 

oast:' 
7: 15 pm .. Blake Lower Lounge : 

Revelle Guest-in-Residence 
Committee presents. of special 
interest to pre-meds . Dr . 
Mario Marini . from the 
Northwestern School of Medicine 
and Department of Biochemi try. 
will be having an informal 

Graduate Students Association, 
busine meeting. 

4 p.m .. MC Soccer field : Soccer 
Club. 

4:30 p.m.. Revelle Informal 
Lounge : Chri stia n Science 
Organization. 

8 p.m .. 2A-2101: Bagpipe Band. 
SPORTS-all day. In tramural 
Sports Office: Intramural ign-ups 
for men's tennis. handball . and 
billiards : women's badminton. 

WEDNESDAY, 
November 11 

ART EXHIBIT-UCSD Gallerv : 
The " Power Throne." a mix ' d 
electronic environment built 
around the human heartbeat by 

ew York artist Robert Newman 
will open. Gallery Hour : Tue .-discu sion. Dr. Manni i at D 

to give Medical School seminar Sun 11-4 pm : Wed 
CAREER SEMINAR-9-10 a.m ..• ~. 

even. 11-10 

Rm. 228 HL Bldg .. UCI. Graduate LECTURES-4 p.m .. USB 2722 : 
School of Administration; Dr. Physic Colloquim. Dr. Moravcsik . 
Schneider from educa tion l'nlversily of Oregon, "Tests of 
administration and a student in the Conservation Laws in Particle 
School of Administration program Phy ics:' 
will di cuss what it 's like to attend 4 p.m .. 307 Vaughn Hall : Marine 
such a graduate chool and what C~emistry Seminar. Dr. Peter 
irs like to be an administrator Wilham . "Carbon-13 and Carbon-
with emphasis on government and 14 in Marine .. Organl m and 
education administration. After the Organic Matter. 
seminar thev will be available until 7:30 p.m .. USB 2722. Is ues ow. 
2 p.m. to' talk to interested MEETI GS-5 pm .. Revelle 
students. Informal Lounge ; Ecology Action, 
RADIO-6:30 p.m .. KFMB- Radio ?eorge ~udcki wi~1 speak .. on 
760 . Dr. Lawrence Schneiderman. Foreca tIng Trends In Society 
Department of Community 5 p.m .. PE Clas room . Tennis 
Medicine. will be guest on "TopIC" Cl ub. .. 
MEETI GS-noon . wrestling 5-7 p.m .. University Lutheran 
room : Yoga . Chu r ch Student Lounge : 

noon. vollevball court. Women's Ecu.menical Students of UCSD are 
exercises. . haVing dinner 25 cents and an 

noon . USB 4030A : Phy i s informal discus ion. Everyone 
welcome 

WORLD PREMIERE! 

Page. Triton Tim •• 

e,;} 
, 0 J)-i1/ 

BROADWAY at 2nd 
Open Noon 
233-6541 

NovemlMr 10, 1910 

6 p.m .. USB 4020A : Alpha Sigma 
Phi. 

7 p.m . USB 26'l2 : Pre-law club's 
first meeting . for all Int rested 
students. 

7:30 p.m .. 201M . BSU. 
7:30 p.m .. USB 40SOA : Asian-

American Student Alliance. all 
Asian and Asian-American 
students. faculty. and staff invited . 
SPORTS-All day. Intramural 
Sports Office : Intramural sign-ups 
for men's tennis. handball. and 
billiard : women's badminton. 

3 p.m .. Soccer Field : U SD 
Varsity Soccer team vs. Cal Poly 
Pomona. 

7 p.m .. Aztec Bowl : San Diego 
State vs. Chapman ollege in 
var ity occer. 

8 p.m .. Sports Arena : San Diego 
Rocket vs. Royals. Basketball. 
TV-8:30 p.m .. Channel 15 mHF ): 
"Civili ation" tonight-" Protest 
and Communication." Kenneth 
Clark notes the development of the 
written word and self-examination 
in the German Reformation and 
Elizabethan England . 

9 30 p.m . Channel 15 IU HF ): 
"The Nader Report" debut of 
weekly series of investigative 
report s by Ralph Nader . 
Tonighl- a look at adverti sing that 
deceive the public. 

OTE: A television set will be in 
the Humanitie Annex . HL Bldg. 
for person wishing to view these 
programs. 

THURSDAY, 
November 12 

COFFEE HUT 
ENTERTAINMENT 

film night 9 p.m. 
Ronald Reagan " Bedtime for 

Bonzo" 
Marilyn Monroe "Apple Knockers 

& Coke" 
CAREER SEMI AR-9-IO a.m .. 
5237 P Building : Gulf Energy 
and Environmental ystems; 
Discu sion of careers to be found in 
the organization and in research. 

development. and production in the 
field of nuclear energy. Individua l 
interviews will follow the seminar. 
Interesred students with BS. MS. or 
Ph . D in chemistry. engin ring. or 
chemical engineering mav arrange 
for interviews at the areer 
Education Planning Center. ext. 
2401. U.S. citizenship required . 
LECTURES- no on . Sumner 
Auditorium : Sumnernoon Series. 
Anne Hartline. "Two Week Living 

nder the Sea in the Virgin 
I lands." illustrated with color 
slides. 

3:30 p.m.. 2A -2250 : APIS 
Seminar . Dr . Claus Ludwig. 
General Dynamics/Convair. "The 
Role of Optics in Air Pollution." 

4:15 p.m" HL AUD: Professors' 
Inaugural Lecture Serie s . 
Professor Barondes. Professor of 
P ychiatry. " Big Molecules and 
Brain Function." 

8 p . m .. S8 3010 : 
Transcendental Meditation lecture. 
MEETI GS-8 a.m" Coffee Hut : 
ASUCSD council. 

7 p.m.. Anomal Factory. 
rehearsal. Students and public 
invited . 

FRIDAY, 
November 13 

RECREATION DAY 
II :30 a.m .. in the area we t of the 
gym. 22 recreation clubs will 
display their equipment (glider. 
sailboat. archery targets. horse . 
cuba and surfing. etc) and explain 

their activities. Open free to all 
student . faculty. and staff. There 
will be a free raffle featuring over 
30 prizes open to all who attend . 
Displays open until 3 p.m. 
LECTURES-7:30 p.m" Language 
Lounge. Revelle ommons : 
Philosophv Colloquim. Marjorie 
Grene . UCD. "Sarte and His 
Predecessors : The 
Phenomenologists and the 
Dialecticians. " 
MOVIES-7 :30 p.m.. SB 2722 : 
Friday Note Flicks. "Take One" 
student film s from U LA. and 
others .. I Second showing at 10 

Clearance Sale at Our Cost! 
STEREO COMPONENTS 

Scott-Dynaco-Kenwood 
Re(eivers-Amps-Speakers-Tape Re(orders 

10 iollo music 
1128 woll 10 iollo 

459-3375 
-----

Warren Miller 
presents 

lheSound 
of Winter 
90 MINUTES OF COLOR FILM FUN 

Japan • France' Switzerland • U. S. A. 
FLIPS & FLOPS & RACES 

POWDER & NOISES 

SATURDAY - NOVEMBER 14, 1970 - 8 P.M. 
russ AIJDI'IDRIUM 

sponsor 
The San Die<}:> Ski Club - Tickets $2 

CLASS I FI EDS 
For Sale 

'55 DeSoto Station Wagon 5150. 
John at ext. 2781 

'65 Honda 250 "Dream" pig 
5200. John at ext. 2781. 

1970 VW Bus 
Sunroof, Radio, Heater. Ex-
cellent condition 53,000. Call 
Don or Steve at 453-8446. 

'66 Ford Van, Rebuilt Engine, 
Fiberglass tires, good con-
dition. Dan Rm /1406 Beagle or 
ca II Jeff Bennetlen 453-8578. 

Pair V.W. Chrome wide (4 bolt) 
with goodyear F70-15 used one 
month . No defects . New 5140 
now $70. 755-6218. 

Europe Charter Flights 
Several Schedules available. 
Coordinator : Professor 
Margaret Paal ; 247 Roycroft 
Ave., Long Beach. 90803 438-
2179 __ -------
COSMETICS. For 9-25t Sam-
ples of Randal non-allergic 
Cosmetics, (made from fruits, 
herbs, ferns, flowers, etc. and 
no harmful chemicals) send 
only 1.00 to Randall Cosmetics 
P.O. Box 2019, La Jolla, calif. 
State of skin is dry, normal, or 
combination. 

Job Opportunities 
The Communicat ions Board is badly 
in need of a secretary . If you are 
looking for a job, have secretar ial 
skills, and have .qualified for Work 
Study, contact the Work Study Off ice 
(ex. 1963) for a referral. Hours 
arranged . 

Service. 

Typing-I BM-Resonable 
rates-Call 488-3188. 

Typing ... Experienced typist ... term 
papers, the i . Electric typewriter. 
Will ~o rush ~ob .453-6835. 

PROFESSIONAL TYPING - Fast 
service reasonable rates satis-
faction guaranteed medical and 
tec!mical typing our specialty. Call 
%77-%561 after 5:01 p.m. 460-0543 

DISTINTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-M88 
IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TIRED? 
Try James Automotive Service 
American and Foreign t.n 
Repairs and Polution control. 

Student Discount 
7748 Herschel La Jolla 

(in the rear) 
459-9181 

Personals 
Terrific watchdog-companion 
needs loving home with room to 
run. Beautiful 2 year old Ger· 
man shepard. Gentle disposi-
tion. Call 453-1704. 

Wanted 
Housing 

$80-100 mth. Share Windlnlel. 
Beach house or cottlge-L. 
Jolla . Pay weekly or monthly 
utI. furn . t.1I after 2 PM. 454-
6678. 331 A Bonair St. 

Present this coupon at box oHice for big 
discount off regular prices, Good only 

NOVEMBER 11 - NOVEMBER 17 
SIARIS lOMORROW 

PLUS SECOND FEATURE 


