
) ( 

trito 
Volum. 10, 'Numb., 1 

Secret Research 
Works Discussed 

Roger Show ley 
NewsEdltor 

"Classified or secret work of any kind is incompatible with the 
educational functions of a university campus . .. We believe it 
inappropriate for the University to engage in secret research using 
facilities ostensibly dedicated to the open dissemination of 
knowledge. " 

This statement of policy, approved by the Academic Senate in 
November 1967, became the center of controversy this week as the 
Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) alleged that UCSD 
professors and administration were supporting war-related research 
by carrying on classified work under the auspices of the University. 

es 
Flid." APli124, 1910 ' 

Herbert York, Dean of Graduate Studies, and an outspoken critic of 
the Anti-Ballistics Missile system (ABM) countered that "no con-
tracts on campus that involve any work in La Jolla involve classified 
work. No work now at Scripps or the Upper Campus," he said, " is 
regarded as classified, but there is 'such work being carried on at the 
Point Loma NELC." 

But up to 100 academic personnel - including perhaps 50 faculty 
members - he said, are cleared for working with classified material 
by the Department of Defense. York is one of them. 

Alameda County sheriffs march toward confrontation 
at UC Berkeley riots, which took place last weekend. 
students and others were protesting the existence of 

the ROTC on campus, and 22 arrests were made 
the first day. Along with a report on activities at 
UC santa Barbara. see page 2 for details. 

Contract vs. "Arrangements" 
In dealing with the problem of classified work at UCSD, the ad-

ministration, according to Chancellor McGill, must recognize that the 
faculty are free to serve as " consultants" for agencies of the Federal 
government, "much as they are free to publish a book." 

EOP Cutbacks Threaten to 
Decrease Minority Enrollment 

Insofar as the campus supports the faculty's work, he explained, two 
vaults are provided for the " convenience of the faculty :" one is at the 
Campus Police station and the other at Sverdrup Hall at Scripps. 
"Perhaps a dozen or more faculty members are currently utilizing 
this convenience," York e~timated, but indicated that the number 
varies from year to year. 

Dave Stearns Are EOP funds being cut, In line with this, the TRITON 
Staff Writer allowing fewer minority students TIMES spoke with Financial Aids 

" There is an attempt by the the oppor tunity to attend UCSD? Director Larry Dryer about some 
State of California to close out The TRITON TIMES pursued of the mechanics behind the EOP 
minority students to the this cla im and talked with Vice program at UCSD. 
University. This is all part of a Chancellor Murphy and Dean Dryer seemed to feel that 
larger attempt by Reagan to Dryer of F inancial Aids about it. rumors about EOP cut-backs 

Faculty Safes close down the University." It was learned that a meeting of stemmed from the February and 

The administration, in April 1969, McGill said, "became aware of 
the existence of classified material in faculty offices. Nine files were 
removed to the Point Lorna station, and to our best knowledge have 
been liquidated." Normally, the Defense Department requires certain 
security measures for the retention of classified documents, York 
said, and the administration currently forbids the faculty from 
allowing such security measures in their offices. 

These were the words of a Murphy, his staff, EOP staff . March Regents meetings when 
MECHA spolesman at the semi- members, and minority tuition in the form of an 
convocation held Monday af- representa tives was held on "education fee ' was approved. 
ternoon. Concerned about Tuesday of this week to correct "As everyone knows, the fee 
possible cut-backs in EOP any false information and resolve would amount to an additional 
( Educational Opp ortunity any differences concerning the $150 the first year (70-71 ) and $300 
Program ) funding, m inority EOP program. the next (71-72)," Dryer said. " If 
students at UCSD felt that "all Murphy was asked what aid was needed, the first $150 of 

McGill stressed that one major issue is the definition of "war related 
activity" in dealing with government contracts. "Almost every human 

students must be made aware of prompted the immediate concern any grant or award would be 
the situation," and spoke at the over the future of the EOP: considered an educational loan. 

continued on page 12 convocation to these issues. "The students were initially As with any loan, a student under 

Students Face Discipline 
Over Contracts Incident 

Disciplinary action will be taken next week a-
gainst seven students who refused to leave during 
a disturbance in the Contracts and Grants Office 
Monday. An eighth person is being cited in connec-
tion with the visit of a representative from the Na-
val Electronics Laboratory las t week. 
val Electronics Laboratory Center last week. ' 

Vice-Chancellor & Dean George Murphy said yes-
terday that he has informed the eight that they have 
until today to decide whetlier to appear before him 
in an administrative hearing or the student-Faculty 
Conduct Board next week. He added that two of the 
eight are currently on disciplinary probation resul-
ting fr om their participation in a confrontation with 
a Marine recruiter a year ago. 

At the close of the ecology convocation held at 
noon in the gym, SDS leader Byron King, in an 
impromptu fashion, called upon those in the crowd 
who objected to work done by NELC and UCSD's 
"involvement in war-related research" to march to 
Matthews Campus to protest. No other purpose or 
destination was identified at that time. 

About thirty students and Professor Lettau 
walked down through the administrative complex, 
ignOring the Chancellor's Office, usual place of 
protest, and walked to the Accounting Office. About 
half of the students entered the office and went into 
the Contracts and Grants Office while the others 
remained outside. Student comments indicated that 
they felt they had no leader and no organization. 

The other students surged into the office, went 
directly to the files, and began looking through 
them. Assistant Business Manager Shan Heidt said 
she looked up from her desk and saw two male 
students. She went to help them and saw the whole 
crowd rush in, and went to get Mr. Richard Wein-
berger, Contracts and Grants Officer. They did not 
have a chance to call anyone before Revelle College 
Dean Tom Hull and Executive Dean Lynn Naibert 
came in. Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs George 
Murphy wu called a few momenta later. 

One girl, Mill Heidt said, went through her in-box 
and asked what she did. which Mias Heidt ex-
plained. Mill Heidt said the attitude of the students 

was generally one of rudeness though some tried to 
explain why they were there. She said it was "hard 
to understand" what was happening and that the 
students were like " Castro men ... demonstratmg 
the very thing they are against. " 

Murphy requested that all the protesters leave the 
office and all immediately did, except the seven 
against whom action is pending. 

A file was taken from the office by an unidentified 
person and Murphy said "appropriate disciplinary 
action and criminal prosecution will be initiated as 
soon as his identity is established." 

Murphy has since informed the TRITON TIMES 
that he has sent notices of conduct violation to the 
six students who refused to leave and a seventh 
suspected of taking the notebook containing 
research contracts. He also stated that he has sent 
several letters indicating that he was willing to 
cooperate with the students to resolve the issues 
surrounding the incident. 

The SDS action followed Professor Lettau 's 
speech at Monday's convocation in the gym com-
mencing Earth Week. 

Before Dr. Halpern of the t"ltysics Department 
had time to explain the naiion's impending 
ecological disaster his time expire\! . Dr. Gabriel 
Jackson shifted the topic to the "deplorable 
violence at Santa Barbara: ' stressing that a 
"society cannot compete with violence." Professor 
Lettau then took the lectern and again shifted the 
topic - this time to the war in Viet Nam. 

He criticized the president's war policies with 
satirical and sarcastic comments about attempts to 
ignore " the stench of floating bodies in the Mekong 
River." Lettau's speech ended with a direct appeal 
to the consciences of all Americans. 

The SOS met Tuesday night to discuss further 
plans for opposing defense research on campus. 
Although It was publicized as an open meeting, 
TRITON TIMES News Editor Roger Showley was 
forcibly removed from Blake Hall lounge, so that no 
conunent on the Monday confrontation at the 
Contracts Office could be obtained. 

upset over· some information, 21 must have someone so-sign the 
some correct, some incorrect, loan . This burden usually falls on 
about the future of EOP on this the parents, and can be a real 
campus. The meeting (on hardship for many low-income 
Tuesday ) was held to indicate families. " Under the EOP 
that funds were not going to be program, Dryer continued , 
cut at UCSD, either for EOP or students often were recruited on 
non-EOP students. The money academic promise . With the 
will "stretch" to continue the declared loan arrangement, the 
program. In fact, it will expand in minority student who for one 
the fall." reason or another must drop out 

T.T. : You say funds will not be before completing college ends 
cut. What is the policy of the State up with no degree and "an absurd 
of California? loan repayment hanging over 

Murphy : There is a continual him." That is why Murphy's 
refusal by the State of California office is working to curcumvent 
to make funds available for EOP the "educational fee. " 
on campus. As Dryer explained , the grants 

T.T. : With this, what was come in the form of a gift aid, and 
accomplished at the meeting? summer employment. It is hoped 

Murphy : As well as assuring that each student would be free of 
those present that EOP will not the necessity for a job or loan 
be cut next year, we also pressure during the academic 
discussed some of the serious year . Then , as satisfactory 
remaining problems of the EOP academic progress is made, each 
program. Particularly fee student can more easily move to 
deferment. By regental edict, the the regular program of standard 
first $150 of any grant must be jobs and/ or loans. 
considered a long-term loan, and Financial aid funds in the form 
requires a parental co-signor for of grant money comes from 
those under 21. This (Murphy's ) registration fees and matching 
office is attempting to relieve a regental funds . As Dean Murphy 
situation that could mean a explained, the EOP is considered 
minimal debt of $1200 the first part of the Student Affairs, and 
year to already generally low- this is eligible for registration 
income families. fees money just as other student 

The reaction and consequent programs. 
s tatement of the Monday con- Dryer was asked about actual 
voca tion was, according to dollar figure~ . He replied that the 
Murphy, apparently prompted by Financial Aids program now 
s tudent affairs staff descussions receives a t(Jtal of 55 per fee 
about the prospects for EOP in pay~ student with 36 oet ot 
the fall. This led to the spreading of this total going to th EOP 
of a gr eat deal of mis- program. " Ne t year," Dryer 
information, he said : BSC and 'l8id "$98 per fee paying stud nt 
MECHA were concerned that will go to Financial Aid, with 46 
funds might be cut', and that no per cent of this earmarked for th 
new funds would be availabl . EOP program." Thus, Dryer 
Murphy empha tically s ta ted : said, EOP will not onI receiv 
• 'No funds will be cut back on this more dollars, but a greater per 
campus." cent of all financial aid monie . 



Violencet Rocks uc 

Student · Police Battle 
Expands On Two Fronts 

Bill Alaoglu 

"The plain truth is that this is a revolutionary 
process and program that is golng on. The campus 
itself is the target. Is there no one. in view of the 
record. that is going to suggest that we haven't been 
subjected to a blood-bath for these last three or four 
years? " This analysis of the violence that has 
rocked UC Santa Barbara and UC Berkeley this 
weekend by Governor Ronald Reagan continued. " I 
hope this will bring some sober reflections and some 
common sense to the so-called silent majority of 
students faculty and administrators to where they themsel~es will take a stand and say. 'This is the 
end. no more attending rallies. no more even sup-
porting with an expression of sympathy those ~ho 
have resorted to this kind of violence.' Just staylIlg 
out of riots isn·t enough. They must make it plain 
that they have no sympathy for them at all. " 

This statement refers to a much reported com-
ment of the Governor in which he called for an end 
of appeasement with campus radicals, and said, " If 
there 's going to be a bloOdbath, let's have it now." 

The rioting at Santa Barbara followed the pattern 
of the disturbances in February. Windows in 
several real estate offices were broken, cars demol-
ished some fires set. A large crowd, threatening to 
burn down the Bank of America building. a tempor-
ary structure replacing the building destroyed by 
fire in February 's rioting. was confronted at the 
door by students and other members of the com-
munity, trying to stop any P?ssible attack on ~he 
bank building. A member of this group. after haVlng 
put out a fire in the bank, Kevin Patrick Moran. a 
student 22 was fatally wounded after shots were 
fired by Sa~ta Barbara sheriffs. The official report 
explains that the shots were fired to returning 
sniper fire . 

The Santa Barbara Sheriff's Department had 
blamed the fatal shot on an unknown sniper, how-
ever later, a Santa Barbara policeman admitted 
firing his rifle accidently as he leaped .from a 
truck. The officer has been subsequently relieved of 
duty pending an official investigation. 

The County sheriff, James Webster. announced 
he is de~scalating the strong show of force that has 
sealed off Isla Vista and enforced a general curfew 

Sunday and Monday nights. However, the police 
continued heavy patrolling. every five minutes. in a 
Los Angeles TIMES report. and have also used steel 
sided dump trucks. carrying armed peace officers 
to maintain order. 

However. as an uneasy peace returned to the Isla 
Vista Community. the curfew was lifted. but the 
TRITON TIMES has no reports of reduced police 
activity . 

The Berkeley Campus was badly disturbed by 
battles between approximately 3000 students and 
peace officers. The Thursday disturbances came 
following a rally , in which calls were made to take 
action to end the war. The students moved to con .. 
front police in front of the Naval ROTC building. 
Callagan Hall. The students gathered on the lawns 
and in the landscaping before the porch of the 
Wooden Building. ·that was filled with UC police in 
riot helmets and prepared with tear gas. Rocks and 
bottles and even some paint filled balloons were 
thrown' by students. and the police responded with 
tear gas. The disturbances continued for some time. 
and twenty-two arrests were made the first day. 
Four of those arrested were termed "non-students" 
and members of the "militant Weathermen faction 
of SDS (Students for a Democratic Society)." 

The fighting continued into the weekend. with 
small groups of students and police battling on 
campus and down. Telegraph Avenue. 

Both Regents and administrators have expressed 
alarm at the damage caused at Berkeley. including 
a fire that was set in the Life Sciences Building. 
Windows have been broken in the Chancellor's 
home. actually situated on campus. 

These two major disturbances come within a 
month of passage of rules introduced by the 
Governor to the Regents. designed to "curb UC via- ,. 
lence." These rules empowered the Chancellors to 
give interim suspensions without hearings for 
suspicion of activity in connection with campus 
disturbances. or disturbances within one mile of 
campus. The Los Angeles TIMES reports that UC 
President Hitch explained that the rules had little 
effect on the reaction of the administration because 
they had adequate powers before the rules were 
passed. 

EU ROPE 
Also Israel and Japan 

$230-295 R.T. From West Coast 

BANK OF AMERICA HEAD DEPLORES WAR 
The head of the world's largest bank has called the Viet Nam 

war a tragic mistalle that has distorted the US economy and 
damaged domestic business enterprises. 

Testifying at a session of the Senate Foreign Relations 
Committee hearings on the imact oj the war on the national 
economy, Louis Lundborg, chairman of the board of Bank of 
America, said that an end to the war would be "good, not bad, 
for American business." 

After citing inflationary pressures and raised taxes, Lund-
borg went on to say, "If anyone is to blame (for the war) it is 
people like me Jor not spealling up sooner - for not aslling 
'What goes on here?' 

"Because I have had no good reason to doubt the good faith 
oj the withdrawal plans announced by the President, I might 
have continued to remain silent. But when I read twelve days 
ago that the President is under pressure to expand our 
military role in Asia, it seemed to me the time had come to 
speak up and speak out and to say, 'Our meddling has gone Jar 
enough.' .. 

AGNEW ATTACKS MICH. U. ON 10% BLACK QUOTA 
Spiro T. has attacked the University of Michigan on their 

recent agreement to a 10 per cent quota for .blacll students by 
1970. He has charged the university president, Robben 
Fleming, with "surrender" to black militants, calling the 
agreement a "callow retreat from reality. ': " 

In a publicly released statement, Fleming stated,. The 
Vice-President is badly misinformed about the commitment 
the university's regents, faculty and administration have 
made to provide educational opportunity to disadvantaged 
young people, particularly blacks. 

"We intend to provide' reasonable assurance of a successful 
educational experience for these students. What we have 
undertaken is not an impossibility but an opportunity to serve 
the American promise." 

Attacking the idea oj minority quotas, Spir? T. said he do~s 
"not accept the proposition that every A mencan boy and girl 
should go to a four-year college." 
HITLER 'S BEST-SELLER AVAILABLE AGAIN 

As a public service, the Hutchinson publishing firm of 
England has decided to bring out a new edition of Hitler's 
" Mein Kampf." Because no publisher has up to now wanted 
the book on his list, "Mein Kampf" has not been printed since 
World War II, and copies were almost unobtainable. Hut-
chinson has gone ahead with its plans for publication, despite 
the Bavarian Government's attempts to stop any renewed 
interest in their blackest sheep. The new volume, mainly in-
teded Jor libraries and scholars, is now in its third printing. 
since its release in October. 

REAGAN CLAIMS PRAISE FOR 'BLOODBATH' SPEECH 
$199 R.T. From East Coast 

E.S.E.P. 8217 Beverly Blvd., L.A Ronald Reagan said Tuesday that a "great many people 

"ALREADY A MINOR 
SCANDAL!" -NEWSWEEK 

" It is a notion worthy of 
Pirandello or Antonioni!" 

I - TIME MA GAZINE 

Rip Torn/Sally Kirkland/ Viveca Lindfors 
Music I Jeffer~on Airplane 

1(213) 651-3311 have been slapping me on the back" in response to his I E.S.E.P.-U.C.S.D. members only "bloodbath" remark warning against appeasing campus 
- militants. But he did say that he would never use that par-

;:...------------, ticular remarll again. "I'll try to give you fellows another 
COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK problem to write about next time, " he said to newspaper men. 

327 F Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233 - 8328 

" I think we have milked that onefor all we can get." 
After being asked at his weekly news conference if his 

" bloodbath" statement was not comparable to those made by 
militants and classiJied by the governor as inflammatory, 
Ronald regurgitated his "figure oj speech" excuse. 

ON STAGE!-t~OVl PLAYmG!-LAST 2 WtEKS! 
TH( PHYSICISTS 

Inlernolionol inlrigue among ~u· 
clear physicists in Ihis c~mp~lIlna 
suspense Ihriller ... sardonIC WII ?n 
biling humor as Ihree f~med SClen· 
I· , are polienls of a prlvale asylum 15 $ ? 
... are Ihey insone . 

'2.50' " .00 CTu .. .. W.d .• Thur .. Su • . ' ... . 1 
n .oo " 12.50 1,,1., Sot. Iv ... ! 
$2.00 ' 11.50 IS_n. 101 .... ' 

Students $l~O 
uc. S8Lnitl 

olte r 
noon 

PHONE 
239·2255 

after noon 

" .50 SIU. th,u coli. ' '"U" ... Mil. .. c. SOl . r ..... . .....::::..=::==:.::.:...:.=.=::..=.:...=.='-' 

•
.. __ • ACADE1\CY ___ _ 

3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284 1000 

Bob Da~is Camera Shop 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459-7355 
olb globe theatre 

"alboa por~ on 'Ia,. 

Page 2 Triton Times April 24, 1970 

students debate the proposed AS Constitution at 
Wednesday's meeting. AS President Jef! Benjamin, 
left, and Vice-Presideut Mike Palcic ex lained the 

merits of the "commissioner system" that would be 
established should s tudents approve the document 
next w k 

Vote on Your Constitution 
Tuesday and Wednesday 

Owen Joyner 
StaHWrlter 

tJCSD students will decide 
whether or not to accept the new 
proposed AS Constitution in a 
special general referendum to be 
held this coming Tuesday and 
Wednesday. 

The major body change in this 
new charter. finalized at the 
constitutional convention last 
Wednesday. is to replace the 
present system of college 
senators with a set of six com-
missioners elected to serve 
specific AS functions. If this 
constitution is approved next 
week by the students then the AS 
will proceed to hold elections for 
the commissioners the. following 
week. If the consitituion is 
rejected then the election will be 
for senators under the present 
system. In either case the offices 
of president and vice-president 
will be at large also. 

The new constitituion provides 
for a council of nine voting 
members - the six om-
missioners. and one represen-
tative from each of the three 
colleges. appointed by the in-
dividual college councils. 

The new constitution provides 
for a council of nine voting 
members - the six com-
missioners, and one represen-
tative from each of the three 
colleges. appointed by the in-
dividual college councils. 

The following are descriptions 
of the Ilew commissioner 
positions: 

1) The Commissioner of 
Community Service would 
coordinate the relatienship 

between the ASUCSD and the 
community and be responsible 
for all ASUCSD community in-
teraction programs. 

2) The Commissioner of 
Academic Affairs would main-
tain programs of student par-
ticipation in the Academic 
governance of the university 
through such channels such as 
the Academic Senate, academic 
departments and graduate 
student organizations. 

3) The Commissioner of 
Student Welfare is to be con-
cerned with the administrative 
governance of the university 
from a student standpoint in such 
areas as student housing, tran-
sportation, student health service 
and other student services. 

4) The Commissioner of Ex· 
lP:-nai Affairs would deal with the 
ASUCSD's relationship with the 

Regents. the president of the 
university and other state and 
nationwide organizations. 

5) The Program Board 
Chairman's task is to establish 
and maintain all AS en-
tertainment and cultural ac-
tivities. 

6 ) The Public Relations 
Director shall be concerned with 
press relations (on campus and 
off) and with keeping the student 
body informed and interested in 
the activities of the AS rQuncii. 

If the new constitution is ap-
proved candidates for the offices 
would circulate their petitions. 
requiring 165'signatures between 
May 1 and May 6. Campaigning 
would take during the following 
week and the elections would be 
held starting May 13 with the 
ballot boxes open for three days. 
If necessary a run-{)ff election 
would be held on May 20. 

Urey Hall BOMB Scare 
Jason Cathcart 

Staff Writer 
The chancellor's office received an anonymous phone call Wed-

nesday Apri122, at 12: 45 p.m. declaring that Urey Hall was doomed by 
explosion at 1:30 p.m. According to Chancellor McGill the voice in-
sisted "I am not kidding. " A bomb failed to explode. 

After having received the phone call. the chancellor's office notified 
personnel in Urey Hall and pOlice then insisted on an immediate 
evacuation. Campus firemen and police combed the seven floor 
building which houses computers. classrooms and offices of numerous 
science departments. 

For an hour a crowd gathered outside awaiting the outcome. A small 
harmless black box was found and occupancy was resumed about 2 
p.m . 

Se'niors Seek Valedictorian 
As Graduation Approaches 

Chris Bibb 
Staff Writer 

The Senior class, meeting ·last week. laid out 
plans for Commencement and sought students 
interested in addressing the graduates in June. 
"Past commencements have included an un-
dergraduate as well as a graduate student on the 
program. and the speaker doesn't have to be at the 
top of the class." said Roger Showley. an Associated 
Students representative to the Public Ceremonies 
Cormnittee, responsible for planning the event. 

Commencement will take place at 1 p.m. Sunday, 
June 14. Showley. a Muir senior. and Revelle senior 
Cindy .Neilsen told the Committee·s plans for the 
graduation of the third class to start at UCSD. 

It was decided at the meeting that any graduating 
senior may apply or nominate a senior for the 
speaker's position at the Associated Students Office 
in 250 MC. A brief ouUine of the subject is requested 
of applicants. Nielsen also asked for volunteers to 
plan a senior party to contact the AS Office. 

Guest speaker on June 14 will be architect R. 
Buckminster Fuller. famous for the design of the 
Chrysler Airstream and the 1967 Montreal geodesic 

dome. Fuller is noted for his emphasis on fitting 
technology to the needs of society. 

Before Commencement. breakfasts have been 
planned for seniors at Revelle and Muir Commons. 

Nielsen asked for suggestions for a senior gift, 
and recalled that the class of '69's anchor never 
materialized and that '68's rock split into three 
pieces. It was decided that the class of '70 would 
leave behind a bit of levity in the form of a swing. 

Black caps and gowns have been arranged at no 
cost to seniors. A representative was in the 
bookstore yesterday to take measurements. Revelle 
and Muir seniors will receive them during finals 
week, along with blue Revelle tassels and green 
Muir tassels. Also available at the bookstore are 
graduation announcements. 

Showley emphasized that "any senior who 
graduates in the Winter. Spring or Fall Quarters, 
1970. is eligible to participate in the ceremony." A 
list of Spring Quarter graduates will be posted at the 
Revelle College Provost office and will be available 
at Muir Provost office on May 1. Seniors should 
check for their names, since they must be on this list 
to receive a diploma in June. 

ENROLL 
HERE 
THIS 

SUMMER. 

• DAVIS 

_BERKELEY 

• SANTA CRUZ 

• SANTA IWlBARA 
• LOS ANGELES 

• RIVERSIDE 
• IRVINE 

• SAN DIEGO 

UI11I11 l' e, ion at th ni\'el'sity of Califol'-
nia's campuses start you thinking. Thcr ) ar :z 

k s ion at Berkel y, LA and Da\'i 
ion of "urioll I ngth on th th l' cam-
e. sion, b gin in latc Junc. FcC' for each 

ion rang froll1 .;'1:... - to " 160. You ha '-c a 
choic of COUl', for c1'cdit and prof ional and 
clucational aclnlllc l11C'nt that's (. \" id as most 
oil g l ff l' d II rj np: I'egula l' 111 el' . 

For flllthc)' information on any of th 
siom; , top in at the SUllllll('r scssinl1. otlic 011 
this cam pus. 

Triton Times April 24, 1970 Page 3 



( 

Acti ities Mark Obser-I . 
Include 'open .pace.' in their mcut.r 
plan.. Zierold .ugBe.ted that In-
tere.t.d dudent. write to the 'pon-
.ors of the bUls. A.semblyman MllIla. 
for the first bill, Assemblyman Knox 
and Sen. Marks for the second. 

vat ion of Earth Day NATURE WALKS 
Nature walks in Torrey Pines Park 

were slated for Earth Week and 
should be held every week. Harry, the 
Park Ranger, hosted the walk . He 
was a heavy-set man who quoted the 
Monterrey poet, Je!!ers . 

(Editor 's Note: The following article is a 
wrap-up of activities during En-
vironmental Awareness Week through 
Wednesday. TRITON TIMES staff writers 
attended most events sponsored by the 
Bureau for Environmental Design and 
filed separa te reports for the benefit of 
those on campus who were unable to at-
tend the events.) 

On the first day of ecology week, a 
meeting was held to talk about a 
program of study in ecology and the 
environment. The committee, 
composed of Drs. Doolittle (chair-
man), Goldberg, Gusfield, Schneider , 
and Soule, was appointed by the 
Academic Senate to study the 
problem of a degree in that field. 

The committee was created when 
Dr . Stanford Penner brought a 
proposal to the Academic Senate for a 
" Doctorate in Engineering Science , 
later revised in the form 01 a Doc-
torate of Environmental Science. II 
The committee belie ves its purpose is 
" in essence, to gather information 

(Iacts and opinions) as to whether a 
higher degree program in En -
vironmental Science is (a) desirable 
(b) wanted (c) needed and/ or (d) 
warranted. " 

CONSERVATION SPEAKER 

"We can. and must, work within 
'the system' to save out en-
vironment. II conservation lobbyist 
John Zierold told 150 students on 
Revelle Plaza Tuesday, pleading for 
state legislati ve action. 

Zierold. Sacramento representative 
lor the Planning and Conservation 
League, selected two bills now before 
the legislature for special attention. 
First , a bill to set up a 10 million 
dollar program of conservation 
edltcation starting in the lirst grade. 

Zierold suggested that 5 million be 
taken from the driver education 
program to help fund it. " We must 
aslt the governor whether he thinks 
state money should be spent to train 
new operators of the worst polluter of 
them all : the automobile." Second, a 
bill to require cities and counties to 

"Sometimes 1 have to wake up and 
listen for the sea, II said Jeffers. It's 
not only the sea which one has to tune-
in to, Harry went on to say, but also 
the soils. shrubs, and the winds. 

The nature walk was not an over-
bearing trip 01 taxonomy, for ''It's 'not 
the names of things which are im-
portant, it's the experience of being 
with them , II spoke the guiding ranger. 

Torrey Pines is an 877 acre park 
with 3,000 unique trees balanced on 
the cliffs between La Jolla and Del 

Ma r. Another 1500 tree. are on a hili 
to the east, balanced between an issue 
of housing and remaining part 01 the 
park. Three tho .. ,;und more dollars is 
the fulcrum of the balance ; the 
decision will be made June 1. 

I' 

WILDLIFE 

"Animals can live without man, but 
can man live without animals?" 
Naturalist Bob Gray posed this 

question Wednesday In his talk on the 
state of wildliJe in our en vironment. 

"Eighteen animals are on the verge 
of extinction, " he warned, "and if you 
look for a cause, you will lind it has to 
be man. There are 1,000 animals on 
the 'red list.' as well, which Is com-
piled by the International Center for 
the Preservation oJ Nature to signal 
threats to the existence of animals. 

" ... We can learn a great deal 
from wild animals if we are willing to 
sacrifice some of our arrogance as 
human beings. II Gray suggested that 
western man's Judaeo-Christian 
orientation has elevated him to self-
Imposed domination over all 
creatures oJ the (!arth. But now we 
must rea lite that we can't do 
everything - because we are 
animals." 

He noted that 10,000 years ago man 
had to adopt his superior attitude 
when he was at the mercy oJ his en-
vironment. But now when he has the 
mastery oJ technology, he has to 
realize that it is capable oJ killing 
himself. 

Gray pointed out the advantages oJ 
preserving animal populations, aside 
Irom the value they serve as sources 
of food and clothing. Studies of 
overcrowding, lor example, con be 
based on the reactions of animals. So 
Jar, he said, "the higher vertebrates 
tend to go crazy. 

, 

~S 
MISSION VALLEY. GROSSMONT 

TH,SlXTU 
, Atulf 

A LONG HARD LOOK 
AT TODAY'S STUDENTS 
ON AND OFF CAMPUS .•. 
AND GRACE· 
WHO LOVES THEM ALL 

WHEN WAS YOUR LASP/ISITTO 
A PUSSYC,t,J THEATRE? lOU OW£ It TO 
YOURS£ LiltS TO CATCH THt (.ATEST 
"AOlJl.T WILT" rUCK AT ANY orne MANY 

PUSSYCA'f ' f"~ATRlS ~,. ,. oowy. 
THE COl.!.l Of C"UFOR~A. " CAT 
'JHEAtRES Of'FfIt '1OU THf: FI T 
E"TEf!TAI"'MENT '" THE 
FINEST. PLUSHEST 

ome y 
First first. 

And find out What Service really means. 
Just keep a rrinimum 'Of $100 in your check-
ing account (personal or business) and write 
all )'OUt free. 

......... , .O.l.c. 
H. K. BARKER. Branch Manager 

1.& Jolla Shores Br. ZZ5e A .. Dlda de 1a Pia,.. La Jolla 

Page" Trtton Tknes April~, 1970 r I 

Heal'h food Consumers 
Ta'e Heed or Drop Dead 

Once-untouchable institutions in American life, the hamburger and 
the pizza are now falling apart as quickly as the Supreme Court, the 
haircut, and Donald Duck. Witness, here today, the advent of the 
health-conscious eater. Now ev!!rybody is catching on that Wonder (if 
it is) Bread helps ruin your body in 12 different ways because it is 
made from bleached, white flour, and contains 137 chemical preser-
vatives (including chromium pyoethylorbate, known to produce 
leprosy on the skin of, iguanas). 

What we have going on here in the resurgence of health food-
consciousness is not merely just another everyday upheaval of the 
American life style, but possible something slightly more important, 
because in dealing with food we're really getting down to the basics. 

Thus if you have decided to eat health foods, either because you feel 
they will make you healthier, or because your friends are doing it, it is 
important to understand what the rationale is behind eating them, and 
to what extent they can be valuable. 

Certainly everybody will concede at least the three'<luarter truth of 
"You are what you eat," " Man is as he eats," and other similar 
adages which your grandmother should know. Also, what is pretty 
obvious is the necessity of certain nutrients, such as proteins and 
minerals, to sustain the human body. The particular requirements of 
these nutrients for a certain individual are very much contingent upon 
such factors as sex, age,size, degree of activity, metabolism rate, and 
climate. Your requirements can be fOWid in tables in any nutrition 
book, almanac, encyclopedia, dictionary,etc. The next step is to 
ascertain whether or not you are obtaining these necessary sub-
stances. Again some kind of reference material may be used to 
detennine the nutritional value of the foods you eat. Be careful though, 
as this can be one road to fanaticism. There are many super-consclous 
eaters who meticulously compute their nutrients . You might feel life is 
too short to waste a lot of time on such a silly pastime. To obtain a 
qualitative knowledge of the nutritional value offoods is sufficient. 
Vegetables Only? 

Often the big decision confronting the potential health food eater is 
whether or not to go vegetarian. While It is true that there are several 
non-meat sources rich in protein, most notably soybeans, the whole 
question comes down to how strong your grudge is against meat. You 
might also consider how radical a health food eater you want to 
become and how much time you want to spend learning how to 
prepare soybeans 400 different ways so you won't get sick of them. 
Connected with this question are several lesser ones, namely whether 
to eat eggs or cheeses, which are not exactly meat, and, if you do 
decide to eat meat, whether to draw the line at fish, or white meats 
(chicken), or red meats (beef). 

The case against meat, in particular beef, ranges from some pretty 
sound medical argwnents to some other religious and rather absurd 
superstitious ones. The most weighty of the medical arguments is the 
presence of cholesterol in meat, which is responsible for fatty acid 
buildups around the heart, causing cardiovascular disorders. 
However, proper exercise helps the body to burn off this excess 
cholesterol. 

The rewards of eating healthy natural foods cannot be belittled. 
They can certainly be responsible for many ameliorative changes in 
an individual's personality, behavior, well-being, and physical ap-
pearance. Eating properly can help bring about a cheerful and 
easygoing demeanor, a body free from tension and sluggishness a 
clear and crisp mind, and a generally glOwing physical prese~ce 
which exudes health. 
Other Factors Too 

However, good health (presumably what the health food eater is 
striving for) Is inextricably tied up with other factors beside good 
nutrition. Proper rest, exercise, fresh clean air, proper breathing, and 
the absence of emotional strains are among them. If a person ran-
sacks the local health foods store every day and stiD feels crummy, the 
fact that he smokes four packs of cigarettes a day, or still shoots 
speed, could have something to do with it. 

Probably the most important thing to keep in mind when dealing 
with health foods is to be leaalble. There is a tendency among people 
who begin to indulge in things Uke drugs, alcohol, or sex, to carry their 

contiDued OD page 11 

""''''''''XIc'iiira'z'''''''''''''''''i'sJa''n'(i'''''''''''''r 'C;'d'a'y""'j· 
A Prison Without Bars 11 
SAN FRANCISCO - (CPS) - Alcatraz Island 

has never been the kind of place people flock to for 
any reason - at least not voluntarily. Long before 
1933 when the United States Department of Justice 
converted it into a maximum security prison, the 
"Rock," as it is affectionately known, was a 
Spanish fortress as well as a depository (or un-
desirables. 

With the arrival of the Civil War, the United Staes 
Government felt compelled to take advantage of the 
cave dungeons which the Spaniards had generously 
bequeathed. Uncle Sam found the Rock an ideal 
location for military prisoners. When the war en-
ded, the military decided to hang on to the island 
since it was felt that it would be a smashing home V~r deviant soldiers who were serving sentences 
_hich generally exceeded their life expectancies. 

When the Justice Department decided to 
disestablish the federal prison - a humanitarian 
gesture encouraged, no doubt, by the fact that it 
cost a bundle to operate - everyone seemed to 
think it was a good idea. From March 21, 1963, when 
the last prisoners left the rock, the island was 
nol'ling more than an infamous reminder of what 
used to be - that is, before the Indians landed. 

The occupation of Alcatraz, which began on 
November 20, 1969 when about 200 Indians landed, 
marked a reversal of tactics. Since Europeans 
began colonizing what is today the United States, 
Indian tribes throughout the country were forced off 
their lands, tens of thousands were slaughtered, and 
countless others were treated brutally or left to 
starve. 

As sociologists George Simpson and Milton 
Yinger have noted, "As colonists became more 
numerous and began to press deeper into the In-
dians' lands, sharp conflicts inevitably arose. Few 
of the settlers seriously considered that the Indians 
might have some rights to the land. It was easier to 
develop a picture of the lying, thieving, murdering 
savage, pagan in religion, racially stupid except for 
a kind of animal cunning. Such a person has no 
rights; the only good Indian is a dead Indian ." 

Though this view was that of the farmer-settler 
and was the view which prevailed, it was often very 
different from the opinion of others who moved 
individually among the Indians. Simpson and 
Yinger explain that while there were 
" ... qualifications and exceptions and ambivalent 
feelings, they were never enough to prevent the 
continuing seizure of Indian lands with a minimum 
of compensation, the decimation of the Indian 
population to scarcely more than one-third its 
original size, and the developing of a rationalizing 
prejudice that moved with the white man across the 
continent." The land-grab, for so long a tactic of the 
white man, has now been used on behalf. of the In-
dian . 

Richard Oakes, leader of the Indians, is the 
chairman of the Student Council of American 
Natives at San Francisco State College. A 
descendent of the Eastern Mohawks, Oakes gave up 
a $300 a week construction job in Rhode Island to go 
to San Francisco State. Since November 20, Oakes 
has lived on Alcatraz with his wife and five children 
and representatives of numerous tribes from 
thr()Ill!'tlOut the COUllltT'Y. 

,-.' ;::: 
Quite simply, the Indians wish to establish :'.::: 

Alcatraz as a cultural center where Indians would ::: 
come from all over the countrY to learn in an at- ::: 
mosphere " . .. of mutual interest and autonomy." :;: 
What's more, according to a treaty concluded .:::. 
between the Sioux and the United States Govern- ::: 
ment (April 29, 1868), the Indians may receive land ::: 
which has been abandoned by the government. ::: 

During the first several days of the occupation, r 
the Coast Guard imposed a blockade and stopped :.'. ::':: 
shipments of food and supplies from reaching the 
island. Milk for a sick baby wasn't even allowed to ::: 
pass, although some goods were brought back by ::~ :::.:.::.: blockade runners at night. When the blockade was 
lifted and normal shipments reswned, the General 
Services Administration, landiord of the Rock, said :-: 
it was considering giving the Indians 12 acres m 
elsewhere if they would leave Alcatraz. Speaking ........ :: 
for the Indians, Oakes said the Indians were 
claiming Alcatraz as a "down payment" for money ::: 
which the government owes Indians for their lands, ::: 
but that they would accept any additional land the .:::':;::.: 
government wants to give them. 

The most damaging effect of the intrusion of the .:. 
dominant white society was that it destroyed, or ::: 
attempted to destroy, the Indian 's culture. The ~:.:~ 
disorganizing influence of the reservation policies ::: 
to which the Indians were subjected is described in ::: 
an excerpt from Gordon MacGregor's book '.' 
"Warriors Without Weapons." MacGregor states ::: 
that the policy toward Indians was " ... to civilize ~~ ~ 
to humanize (sic ), and to put the children in ::: 
boarding schools where they would learn English ::: 
and not relapse into their former moral and mental ::: 
stupor t U and educational policy described it. ~:~ 

The federal director of Indian schools made a::: 
statement in 1885 which is critically important as an ::: 
indication of what the government was seeking to do ::: 
with the Indians. He stated, "The Indian is the .~~.~ 
strangest compound of individualism and socialism 
run to seed. It is this being that we endeavor to :~: 
make a member of a new social order ... To do this ::: 
we must recreate him, make him a new per- ::: 
sonality. " ::: 

As MacGregor continuell , "Children were vir- ::: 
tually kidnapped to force them into government ::: 
schools , their hair was cut, and their Indian clothes ::: 
thrown away . They were forbidden to speak in their ::: 
own language. Life in the school was under military ::: 
discipline , and the rules were enforced by corporal ::; 
punishment. Those who persisted in clinging to their ::: 
old ways and those who ran away and were ::: 
recaptured were thrown into jail. Parents who ::: 
objected were also jailed. Where possible, children ::: 
were kept in school year after year to avoid the ::: 
influence of their families ." ::: 

Although there have been a few exceptions, the ::: 
invading white society took the Indians ' lands and ::: 
disrupted or destroyed their way of life . The pattern ::: 
of disorganization begun so long ago is still evident ::: 
today in Indian crime rates, in widespread idleness, ::: 
and in the high rate of drunkeness . The reservations ::: 
cannot support the number of Indian residents . ::: 
Unemployment rates of 75 per cent are not unusual, ::: 
and the per capita annual income is so far below the ::: 
poverty line that the l'ldians constitute the poorest ::: 
minority in the nation. ~~ ~ 

TO EURO PE 
JET U IVERSITY 

CHARTER FLIGHTS 
12 or 10 wks. available still 
June 21/Sept.13 R. T. $299 
July 3 / Sept.l1 R. T. $299 
Sept. 4 One Way $139 

" GENUINELY EROTIC" 

backed by reliable, experienced 
Travel Agency. Know your char-
terer!! Prof. P. Bentler (213) 
274-0729 & 274-0720 c/o SiI!rra 
Travel Inc. 9875 Santa Monica 
Blv B v 1 Hills 90212 

Available at 
GUY URQUHART 

1041 Columbia Street 
San Otego, California 

- CUE MAGAZINE 
" The movie I S extraord inar ily blunt about . and 
Singularly preocc upied Wit h naked bodies ... And 
yet " COMING APART'" IS one of the few ill uminat ing 
- not to say harrOWing - portrayals of a sch izo· 
phreniC crack -up that I have ever seen! " 

RICHARD SCHICKEL " 
LIFE MAGAZINE 

Rip Torn / Sally Kirkland j Viveca Lindfors 
MUSIC / Jefferson Airplane 

.. ___ ACADEMY • __ .. 
3nl ~IV£RSrTY AVE 284 1000 r-

Triton Times April 24, 1970 Page 5 



II ITttltlALI 
How to Maie AS fffective 

Student governments have traditionally been seen as 
a farce by most students. Powerless in relation to the 
administration and serving largely as an ego-trip for 
those involved, these governments are usually , poor 
examples of participatory democracy. 

On this campus several people have worked hard to 
make the AS viable and powerful, but have found 
recently that structural inadequacies are rapidly 
leading the AS down the road of most other student 
governments. 

There are two general problems with the current 
structure. First of all , the AS is a campus-wide body 
within a university tha·t is organized on a college basis. 
While certain activities will always be handled on an AS 
level, delegation and especially communication with the 
fledgling college governments has to be increased. This 
will, of course, take a joint effort and understanding 
between the AS and the colleges. 

Secondly, AS senators, elected in such a manner as to 
. ensure representation of varied viewpoints on a 
supreme legislative body, have little if any specific 
duties, and have traditonally done little more than oc-
casionally play politics. Meanwhile, the AS executive 
officers- president and vice-president, as well as ap-
pointed commissioners with specific duties, have been 
the real workers. 

The proposed constitutional revisions move in the 
direction of correcting these inadequacies. Representa -
tives chosen by the college governments, as well as 
elected and appointed comm issioners are provided for. 

There are many things yet to be worked out. 
Basically, a more explicit defin i tion of the duties and 
responsibilities of members of the AS Council is needed. 
They must insure that we do not lapse into a situation in 
which the Council as an entity is widely representative, 
but individual commissions are not. 

A final draft of the constitution is being prepared by 
the Associated Students and will be published in Tues-
day's edition of the TRITON TIMES. This final draft will 
hopefully take into consideration the best of the 
suggestions offered at Wednesday's Constitutional 
Convention . 

Student government can only be effective if its struc -
ture is such that it can be responsive to the needs it is 
supposed to serve. The Associated Students should be 
supported in their attempt to implement this. 

Who ;s Conspiring? 
'SOS has raised the issue of defense contracts at 

UCSO, and it is essentially a valid issue. We feel that it is 
not appropriate for the university to be involved in any-
thing that is necessary to conceal from the university 
community . Conspiracies are not within the framework 
of an institution that proclaims itself to be based on free 
and open inquiry. 

But neither is the type of conspiracy that S OS has 
resorted to this past week within this framework. 
Beyond that, their actions tend to be damag ing to the 
very ca use they seek to support, 

The incident we are referring to occured after Mon-
day's ecology rally when SOS asked students who 
supported their fight against war research to join them 
in taking action . They then proceeded to the Accounting 
Office, and, after a confrontation, confiscated one of the 
files there. 

The information, since distributed campus-wide in a 
leaflet, turned out NOT to be classified. In fact, Vice-
Chancellor Murphy has since indicated that he will 
make the information in the files available to them in 
the near future. 

Now, ~ i OS would claim, and perhaps legitimately, that 
such action on the part of Murphy would not have been 
forthcomirg had they not had the demonstration . How-
ever, in the absence of a well -documented proof to the 
commur.ity that they had exhausted means to gain such 
information through normal channels, their actions 
became premature l!no intolerable. 

If any really classified information ~xjsts on campus, 
Monday 's activities did little to expose it. . 

SOS rr ust realize that the campus community is going 
to act a jversely to such tactics, regardless of whether 
their ends are justified or not. What will result from 
their actions is not the intellectual discussion of war 
research that should occur, but a reaction to the mean s 
used by them. 

If SOS wishes to have the support of the campus, it 
must realize that it cannot act the role of a self-
appointed vigilance group. In an attempt to prove the 
moral ity of their ends, they cannot use tactics that are a 
contradiction to those ends . At least, they cannot do so if 
they expect the support of the campus. 

Page 6 Triton Times April 24, 1970 

r'li1JUumw..~.~cc;CQ)[LCQ>C@v .H~ 
e I.OWtR CASE-TO SYMIOLIU ecology (i kol' aJI) n 01. THEBRAHCIl OF BIOLOGY WHICH [ S?nTIl2 rT ~~ THl MS5IVE Y!EWII80.FEI1- • 'n li\J1!i ISSU U l!& \W j 1111101 ASPECT Of NATURE TH£ TR£ATS OF THE RELATIONS BETWEEN ORGANISMS AND THEIR ENVIIlONHENT, 'PlllMAMATERIA"OII"NO'TlUNQ- BIONOMICS 2. THE BRANCH OF SOCiOlOGY CONCERN£DWITHTHE SPACING ourOJ'WI!IOHllL"THINGS"AA£ Of PEOPLE AND OF INSTITUTIONS ANDTIlEIR RESULTING INTERDEPENDENCY. 

I'IIIDi TO APPEAR BY DIVISION. [fOOMEtl FROM- MoolfiCATI01'4 Of - GREEI< oikO(&) HOUSE + lOGY] (HOUSI'HOlO) 

environment IA ~OOIL ORGANISM 
I EARTH ONENESS 

EDEN OASIS 
mRNAL OM 
EVOWTION OMNIFIC 
ENCIRCLE OMNIPRESENCE 
ENRICHMENT OMNIPOTENCE 
ENLIGHTENMENT OMNISCIENCE 
EROS ORIGIN 
EDUCE ORACLE 
EMPATHY OPEN 
EVE ORPHIC 
EMOTION ORGY 
ECSTASY ORGASM 
EXISTENCE ONTOLOGY 

ETC. .ETC. 
m~ rn:1ill~~ {7 THE CIRCLE 
RSVMBOLl t G 
D!MOIISTllAT,ON 
onHETRAN - + + 
~DANr UHrTV 
TIlAT PERVAOES ALL DUAL· 
ITIES (£UJPS£-miITO,AlL 
POIHTSTlII SUH~WK~$r;: OIS, 
TA'iCU ".OM TWO I='IUO PQIHT$ 
IS COHCT"tIT.) 
QlSOTll£ 'O~MOI'PlANET~1N 
ORSITS. (M"CROCOSM) 

8 (MANO~L~) + lWE UNIVERSAL Sl'MIIOI. OF WNOLtNLSS Of' 
HAAHOIII0U8 UNITY-1ME tEN· 
TIRING OJ'MCIIE WITII CC$-
t'lOS-THt !lUaU/noM 01' Ail. 
0I'P0S1TI8(GOOO+E"'L. GOO/ 
MLI HIMA .. - LOYa) SAA1TY. 
I'{ACE,IkYOHOTlMEIIODSPAtE, 
TH£ SOUIIGE OJ'RLl.CllUllVITV 
1liiO_VI. 

tB\ -CO) ------+---' THE SQUARE 
EQUINOX (AIlROl.OGv) TAOISM(c.,NEl>£) 'P< T1i£4 ELEMENTS(IWIIMV) BIlTMORE 
VERHRLeAIrT:".:U:-=:I'\::-:N"~L __ KNOWN 'tANG=f,) 'wl eF Ii .... WIRE '~LE' ow M/Wl.1021 J StPT.23·~~ UNIQIOWN VIN -\ W E - WI'ITE 'FEM~LE" ~, w-E EAI!Tli 

~~~~~E:E~ P\JllUSHED BY: SAWYER PRESS P. O. BOX 46-653 lOS ANGms,CALIF. 90046 

.. ----------__________________________________________ vie~int----------------------------------------~--------------, 

Subverting Government Contracts 
Dr. M. Srangsr Morgan 

APIS OspartmIJnt 
In his article "Block NEL, Cripple Military" in the April 

10 issue of the TRITON TIMES, Byron King writes that 
NEL " ... has done work on infrared aerial photography 
(used in Vietnam, Thailand, and South America), at-
mospheric reconnaissance devices (no doubt used on the 
SR-71 and U-2 spy plailes now flown over North Vietnam 
and southern China), radar techniques for off-shore small 
boat detection, and guidance devices for surface-to-
surface and surface-to-air missiles. Clearly NEL's only 
function is to make America's military machine operate 
more efficiently - to more efficiently kill Third World 
peasants while protecting U.S. economic interests." 

Several paragraphs later in his article Mr. King notes 
that "over half of UCSD's funds come from federal 
agencies, via: AEC, NASA, Navy, Air Force, CIA, and the 
National Science Foundation." 

Mr. King is correct in his obvious concern over the 
relationship between the research structure in our 
country and the military organization. He is correct too, I 
believe, in suggesting that many academic and other 
researchers do not worry much about the military and 
other social implications of the work they are doing. 

But before setting out to attack and solve a problem, it is 
important to understand it properly. I would like to ex-
pand on two aspects of Mr. King 's letter: 1) his conclusion 
that "clearly NEL's only function is ... to more ef-
ficiently kill Third World peasants while protecting U.S. 
economic interests" and 2) his lwnping of military and 
CIA research support with support from NASA and NSF. 
I'd like to consider this latter point first. 

Up until roughly the last decade if you were a research 
scientist, let's be specific and say an ionospheric 
physicist, you had very few non-military sources to which 
you could turn for support for your work. Perhaps you 

were interested in studying the interaction between 
precipitating auroral particles and the polar ionosphere, 
quite a legitimate basic research problem. In order to get 
yourself funded you wrote a proposal which talked about 
radio communication black outs under auroral conditions 
to make it sound like there were military communication 
applications to your work. Typically the researcher cared 
very little about this aspect of the work and ignored it as 
soon as he got his money. 

Of course ther~ were many people "building better 
bombs," but the point is that there were also large 
numbers of scientists who were subverting the system to 
use military money for basic research activities . These 
scientists existed not just outside of the military, but also 
within the military research labs such as NEL and the Air 
Force Cambride Research Labs. Indeed, the military and 
Congress knew that much of the military research money 
did not go for military research. They continued to sup-
port the arrangement largely because it was the most 
expedient way of funding basic research. 

Many of the scientists working under this arrangement 
were sensitive alert people who understood the im-

, plication of the arrangement and objected to selling their 
soul to the military, even if it was only a partial sale in the 
sense of choosing their words with care when they wrote a 
proposal for basic research. 

With the advent of the NSF and NASA which are civilian 
agencies which fund only non-military research activities, 
many of these concerned scientists heaved a collective 
sigh of relief and began transferring their research 
proposals away from the military. Very recently, there 
has also been an active move on the part of the military to 
get rid of its non-military research functions . This has not 
been that simple, given the serious budgetary restrictions 
that have effected the NSF, NASA, ESSA, and other 
civilian agencies in the last couple of years, and the result 
is that there is still a significant amount of non-military 
research being done with military money, even within the 
military researcb labs. 

This brings us back to my first point. It is just not true 
that NEL's only function is to make America 's military 
machine operate more efficiently - to more efficiently 
kill Third World peasants while protecting U.S. economic 
interests." In the field of ionospheric physics that we took 
as an example earlier, there is a large group at NEL 
which for years has been studying naturally occurring 
traveling disturbances in tbe F-region of the earth 's 
ionosphere. Surely this work has been represented to the 
Navy as having military overtones .. . but the work looks 
much like similar civilian work and most of the major 
contribution of the work has been to non-military basic 
studies of the earth's neutral atmosphere. Undoubtedly 
this work is also misrepresented as having military ap-
plications. But it will probably have its most significant 
impact on the study of clear air turbulence which disrupts 
domestic air transportation and the atmospheric con-
ditions which contribute to air pollution. Very similar 
work is underway at a nwnber of non-military labs. 
Probably this work should not be done in a military lab. 
But itis ... and it doesn 't kill Third World peasants. 

Then too, there is the fact that just as the results of 
civilian research such as basic plasma turbulence studies 
can be used for military applications such as ABM work, 
so too infrared aerial photography is used to help Latin 
American agricultural development; atmospheric 
reconnaissance devices on U2's and SR71 's help enforce 
the test ban treaty ; radar techniques for off-shore small 
boat detection, guidance techniques for surface-ta-surface 
and surface-to-air missiles, and switched beam array 
techniques are being applied to domestic air traffic 
control. 

None of this has been to say that you should not object to 
military research. If we are to survive as a nation and a 
world, de-militarization is mandatory. All I have tried to 
indicate is that we do not have the simple good guys vs. 
bad guys problem that Mr. King sketches ... and com-
plelt problems rarely lend themselves to simplistic 
solutions. 

---------------------------------------------------------------

IMusic ... instead of harsh 
words and harassments' 

Batbata Bsntwood and lynnIJ McClure 
'.~.~,~ Monday afternoon, April 20, Revelle College was privileged to ~ .. ~.~ 

welcome a group from UCSB-the Women's Choir. The women were 
~:::'~: performing for the students on the plaza; their repesedrtoire inc1Uded

b
a ::'=:'=:' 

wide variety of modern works. One trilogy compo of poems y 
E. E. Cummings set to music was especially through-provoking, yet 
an unfortunate incident prevented its completion. It seems that our 
"free speech" plaza is not respected. The performance was in-
terrupted in a manner that shocked and embarrassed many of us in 
the audience. One man, a newcomer to the audience who apparently 
did not take the time to understand what the girls were singing for or 
about, stepped up before the group and confronted the perfonne~s 
with unjustified statements and accusations of, "How can you do this 
when one of your fellow students was killed? Why aren't you doing 
something about it? How can you keep singing when people are being 
killed at your school! ! ?" 

The outburst vibrated with abhorrence in the short silence following. 
The director, Dr. Dorothy Westra, attempted to control the situation. 
These forty girls, all of whom live in Isla Vista, were quite concerned 
and grieved at the death of a man many of them knew personally . 
They left their campus filled with trepidation, were performing in 
unfamiliar atmospheres (UCSD, UCR ) and were very apprehensive 
about their trip home and the situation they would be returning to. 
When the concert was continued the audience was supportive but the 
choir could not continue singing. They were affected too deeply by the 
shockingly misdirected insinuations. Their departure was definitely 
an unhappy one. 

Our protest is against the unappreciative actions of this one out-
spoken man. Were these girls unfeeling and apathetic? Hardly! As one 
very disturbed choir member explained, they were distraught, at-
tempting to be constructive in their efforts, utilizing their talents as a 
confluence between campuses. They were attempting to reflect a 
feeling of unity instead of destruction. Music, universally understood, 
was their communication medium, instead of harsh words and harass-
ments. Perhaps it was the peaceful aestheticism of song that disturbed 
the man. 

UCSO students are all vulnerable to impressions made by indio 
viduals. We are concerned with the effects of continued acts of dis-
respect for others' expression on our campus. It was not merely the 
content of this man's vocalization, but the rude presentation that was 
so disturbing. Lately it seems that these forms of disruptive action are 
becoming more frequent at UCSO's group meetings, as in Monday's 
ecology convocation. The comparatively quiet majority is Dot 
apathetic. It is tired of making amends for those "people" who shoot 
off their mouths with regard only to the achievement of their own ends 
and not to the undesirable consequences for others. 
:~= We would like ASUCSO to know that we have sent a personal .:: .... 
=:.:;'.=:. apology to UCSB and desire to maintain an abnosphere of openness on :.: 

our campus. One in which people will be able to speak out or sing out in :.::'.: 
',' expression of their ideas without rude intl.mldation but respectful, 

~:~ intelligent discourse. ~:~ 
~ ~ 
II e' , 

::::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. :.: .:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::: :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: :::::=:::::::::::::::::::::.:.:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:~: 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Schwarz Grateful 
Editor : 

May I congratulate you on the 
balanced and objective 
presentation of news and com-
mentary concerning my par-
ticipation in the program 
"Conservative and Traditional 
Views on Contemporary Issues." 

Could you send me five copies 
of your edition of April lOth? 

Yours very sincerely, 
Freel Schwarz 

President 
Christian Anti-Communlsm 

Crusade 

for Appeasement 
Editor : 

The most important rule in 
dealing with dissident groups in 
America today , as every con-
servative (a nd "moderate") 
knows, is not to appease them. 
This was learned at the start of 
World War II when Hitler in-
vaded Czechoslavakia, then 
Poland, after promising to be 
content with only western 
Czechoslavakia. 

The way this rule is applied is 
that whenever someone petitions 
for redress of a grievance and 
creates a demonstration to un-
derscore his point, nothing must 
be done about his petition, lest he 
be encouraged to seek redress of 
another grievance. 

The validity of this rule is 
prove<! by the blacks' demands 
for civil rights. First, all they 
wanted was the vote, then, in-
tegrated schools, then integrated 
housing, then ' equal 
juatlce .. . the next thing you 
know they'll want to marry Our 
daughters . 

After studying this argument I 
carefully, I Considered the fact 
that demonatratlona seem to be 
getting more and more militant 

these days. I decided to look up 
"appease" in my Webster's: "1. 

To pacify, often by satisfying; 
quiet; calm; soothe; allay. 2. To 
conciliate by political, economic, 
or other considerations - now 
usually signifying a sacrifice of 
moral principles in order to avert 
aggression, as an attempt to 
'appease ' the Nazi rulers at 
Munich in 1938." 

I decided that Hitler should . 
have been appeased, although by 
a slightly different definition; ·be 
should have been calmed and 
soothed in a mental institution. (I 
do not intend to discuss how this 
could have been done; that is not 
the point). 

I also concluded that if ap-
peasement of aggrieved people is 
·forbidden, no wonder demon-
strations are getting so militant. 
You figure it out ! 

In closing, a word for you 
radicals listening in: Appease a 

conservative today. Do it in a 
nice, beautiful way. 

Carl D. Neiburger 

(ampus Studies 
(ailed Informat;,e 
Editor: 

I want to say publicly that I am 
very 'grateful to Campus Studies 
for sending me their materials. 
It's nice to Imow what some of the 
radicals are up to. It is also in-
teresting to Imow that some of the 
big corporations are doing 
something to help situations in 
this country. Nobody is saying 
that this country is perfect, there 
is plenty of improvement needed. 
But I do Dot think the best way to 
do this is through revolution and 
a communist-oriented society. I 
wonder about some people who 

t~'ton tilll.es 
eOITOR · tN ·eMIEF , ..... StenLanaau 

Man"int E.ltor ........ . H'ywOOd Gammon 

Associ ••• Man'tlnl Editor .. . . . .. M lke Klayer 

Copy Editor , . . .. . ...•. . Chuck Graham 

Allocl ••• Co,W' Idlt" . , . . .. , ... ,Joe Eastern 

. . .. Mark Trill ing 

News Editor 

Assocl. t. Editor 

'eat",. Editor 

Ar" Editor 

Sports Editor 

. , •....• • •. Roger Showlev 

.. . .......... 81I1AI_lu 

. . . .•. . .. . . R lch Heimlich 

• . .••••••••. Jeff Frff'd 

..•.... . SIevf Dorsch 

IclitOt'i.1 Auls',n, ........ C.rl O. Nelburgrr "lSls'lIn, Newl Editor •. . .. Molly Selv ln 

Ae .... .,tllin' . • •.. . (ht"a Wakef ield 

STAFF WRITEAS : Chris Bibb, Juon Ca'hc.rt. Mary Clerk., De,n Crowe, Sus.n Graves, Aileen Hie 
len,n , Jim Sills. Dave SI •• rns, St.ve Stryker. Sam Wilson 

ARTS WRITERS : Bernard FIvnn. Bruc. Gell,r . Larrv Johnson 

SPORTS WRITIRS : Carol Chllllngton , Fred Grunewald 

.... TISTS : Dave Barker . ROb." A Cohen, Connie Underwood 

PRODUCTION : Kiron Glick. Juay Hil l. Seth Lyons 

PHOTOGRAPHIIltS : John I<afka. Vince Massullo. Ken Tanlguichl 

/lDVERTISING ASSISTANT : Sultn Cade. 

The TltlTOH TIM!:S Is orfic l.lly r.cognlzed and suppOrted IS I . tudenf n.wsPlper bV the Com 
munlcatlons Boerd 0' Ihe Univtfslly of Catlfornl,. Sen Dle~o. 8uild lne ,.so. Matthew Campus , Le 
Jolla . C.llfornl" .2037 Publlcallon I, twIce wHkly on Tuesd.ys end Friday. throV9h June S. 1970 
Offices .reloc.ltd In room 111. 8 1'11;1 Hall. on the Revelle C.mpus For Advtrllsl~ phone 453 2000. 
10011 ; 'or editor 1., or news phone Xl016. 

yell "free speech" and then go 
around to shout down and disrupt 
others who oppose them. 

I would think that anyone who 
would go as far as to try to 
declare the Campus Studies 
materials obscene (TRITON 
TIMES, April 10) would be more 
of a hypocrite than any of their 
parents. 

Sincerely, 
James Cooper 

Ecology RIIetoric 
Editor : 

I do not presume to be an 
ecologist, nor do I pretend to have 
a deep understanding of our 
environmental crisis. Similarly, I 
do not have at my command the 
ready-made solutions for such 
problems. I am aware, however, 
that even feeble action will 
produce better results than will 
mere rhetoric. And rhetoric is 
about all we have had. 

Our campus maintains a 
number of disjointed en-
vironmental study groups which 
seek to "educate " the ignorant 
masses. Well and good. But if 
that is all that is done, what is 
accomplished? The verbal 
volleys thrown at the GM 
recruiter were entertaining, but 
they did nothing to reduce smog. 
And the- burying of a car at 
another campus was newswor-
thy, but nothing else came of it. 

Study groups are nice, but we 
more urgently need en-
vironmental task forces . I trust 
that the activities planned for 
"Earth Week" will culminate In 
effective action rather than more 
ineffective words. 

I, too, would like to clean up the 
air, sea, and land; but I hesitate 
to join organizations which only 
pollute the atmosphere with 
s108ans. 

KarIKeatlq 

WANTED 
FACULTY MEMBERS 

FOR MANY POSITIONS OPEN I NG 
SOON AT THE SEVERAL CAMPUSES 
OF THE 
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA. 
TEACHING ABILITY AND PREEMI-
NENCE IN ACADEMIC FIELD WILL 
NOT BE STRESSED. 

SEND POLITICAL RESUMES 
TO 

R. REAGAN 
SACRAMENTO, CAL. 

(CONSERVATIVES ONLY 
NEED APPLY) 

for Recruitment 
Editor: 

Once more the issue of job 
recruitment on campus is at 
hand. And once more SDS 
proposes to "protect" any UCSD 
student who might wish to see 
certain recruiters. 

The principal distortion tn 
Byron King 's column of last week 
is the implication that the ad-
ministration is responsible for 
military recruiters 'being on 
campus. It is a painful memory 
for SOS to think back to April of 
1969 when' a student referendum 
was held on recruibnent. This 
referendum was held shortly 
after SOS had blocked a Marine 
recruiter from ent.?ring the 
student employment office. In the 
referendum, the students 
rejected SOS broWTl-shirt tactics 

by approving (with a 61 per cent 
majority ) the "open recruit-
ment" policy. "Open recruit-
ment" means that all potential 
employers of UCSD students are 
acconunodated on campus. 

Byron's other point was NEL's 
contribution to the war in Viet-
nam. One could make the case 
that the side which has 40,000 or 
more troops in every country in 
Indo-China is to blame (North 
Vie7lam). Or the side which 
slaughtered 3,OOO.dvilians at Hue 
in J.llIuary 1968, and showed no 
repe.1tance for this act could be 
blamed (Viet Cong ) . 

1'h" p"!..n io h • l~ ents 
have enough respect {or each 
other to allow each student to 
trust his own consciwce on 
Vietnam, and then to make hi 
own decision on what j b he will 
enter. 

Jim ill 

Triton Times April 24, 1970 Page 7 



films ·!criticism pse 0' a Good 1IIea; a fable in Two Acts 
:.:~ If the local area, La JoUa, Del Mar, Pacific Beach, and the university community have better 

things to do with their money than to support the 
symphony, fine, but let's not hear any moaning 

~hen the symphony folds. This group of people, the 
f1rst to cry "public apathy," must realize that at-
tendance at symphony concerts at regular prices 
does not nearly cover the costs. People who attend 

~ s~phony, and are in a position to aid it 
fmancially, should not shirk this responsibility. 
There are many, many people in La Jolla who fit 
this mold. As to the campus community there must 
be individuals who can afford to spend $25. I was 
told that the chancellor offered to purchase a pair .of 
tickets, but that his was the only offer. Where were 
the provosts, the other top administrators the 
people in the Medical School and Scripps? ' 

' 'j .. for AI __ " c.tin181 
Once upon a time th6re were some students at 

UCSD who thought thlt it would be a nice idea if 
they had a concert on c.3mpus to raise money for the 
troubled San Diego S},mphony. They thought that 
not only would the symphony benefit financially 
but also that the students would benefit culturally: 

Dave Sacherman "Anne is really a companion 
piece to "A Man for All Seaaona " 
both pictures dealing with the 
events that led Henry to make 
himself head of the Church of 
England (though here we see Sir 
Thomas More only infrequently). 
Though Anderson's play has been 
opened up considerably to take 
advantage of exterior locations 
such as the English countryside 
with its stately manor homes, the 
heart of the film is still a sort of 
epic battle of the sexes. 

Soon other people became enthused and the idea 
started to become a reality . The symphony was 
contacted, financial aid was obtained from various 
campus groups, ~nd the administrative planning 
begun. It was dec1ded that the most efficient way to 
~o about raising funds would be to sell special 
tickets at $25 a pair . These tickets were to be offered 
to members of the university staff and residents in 
the surrounding communities. Tickets would also be 
available at $.1 for students, $1.50 for staff, and $2 for 
general pubhc. The $25 tickets were to include a 
reception and mention in a special program and 
were tax deductible. It was thought that with a' little 
luck the event could raise six to eight thousand 

Lastly, and most important, where were the 
students? It was not as if the tickets were over-
priced, almost all of us blow a dollar sometime 
during the week without missing it. It was simply 
the fact that nobody gave a damn. 

"Anne of the Thousand Days " 
which recently opened at the 
Cinerama Theatre, is another 
masterful British history lesson 
in the tradition of "Becket" and 
"Lion in Winter." Adapted from 
Maxwell Anderson's play 
"Anne" is flawlessly acted by ~ 
group of top English 
p~ofessionals, and its sharp 
dialogue, rich Academy Award-
winning Tudor cosumes, grand 
settings, and tense emotional 
impact all contribute to produce 
one of the year's finest films. 

Directed by Charles Jarrott, 
the story is of Henry VIII, King of 
England in the early 1500's and 
his courtship of young Anne 
Boleyn (while he is still married 
to Katherine of Aragon). Anne is 
no mere mistress, however . She 
spurns Henry's rising passion 
and declines to share his bed until 
he'll let her share his throne. She 
taunts, teases, and demands until 
finally seduced. The film follows 
Henry's break with the Roman 
Catholic Church when he decides 
to divorce Katherine to marry 
Anne (his second wife of six ) and 
his ultimate break with Anne 
when she cannot provide him 
with a male heir. 

Richard Burton is in excellent 
fo~ and voice as a funny, 
louhsh, sometimes wise and 
finally despicable and unfeeling 
Henry who expresses so little 
love for Anne once he's got he 
and so little pain about killing 
her. 

dollars for the symphony. 
A pretty little story so far ; well, here comes the 

sad but true ending. This Tuesday I received word 
that the concert was to be postponed. Investigation 
revealed that there just doesn 't seem to be any 
support for the affair either on campus or in the 
local area. After talking with some of the people 

~oncerned I learned that in two days of ticket selling 
m the La Jolla-Pacific Beach area , a grand total of 

~ee of the $.25 pairs were sold. On the university 
slde of the p1cture, a fantastic total of 28 tickets 
were purchased, all in the one-to two-<lollar range. 
Ther.e are 10,000 members of the university com-
~un1ty, 5000 students and 5000 staff; this sale of 28 
tickets represents about one-fourth of one per cent 
of the total . 

What the whole affair boils down to is who is going 
to get the shaft for not supporting the symphony. 
Are we going to get another stadium program 
where the citizens will be asked to pay for the profit 
and enjoyment of a minority, or will the burden of 
support fall on the shoulders of those most able to 

bea~ the cost? In this matter I am not particularly 
talking about the students; their turn will come. 
What I am talking about are the well-to-do both 
here at the university and in the surrO\{nding 
community. These are the people who attend the 
symphony and reap both the cultural and prestige 
benefits. If there is simply no support for the 
s~pho.ny either in the local community or at the 
unIvers1ty, then let 's be honest about it and not soak 
the poor taxpayer with bleeding-heart rhetoric. 

It is one of his very best screen 
roles. 

Genevieve Bujold, a gifted 
Canadian actress, plays the ill-
fated though shrewd-beyond-her-
years Anne and is a delightful 
surprise. She is phenomenal 
considering thilt English is not 
her native lar.~uaf'~ and that this 
is only her third fL..: . J.fer Anne is 
clever, wily, and rt. • .:mtless in 
having her own way with Henry 
and refusing to surrender. She 

continued on page 9 

CAL JET CHARTERS 
"Dew" 1M "' .... It" to_ ...... - '"'" .... , ........... ... 
I ........... nm. 00." 1M _ II .... t at tile .... ",,_t. .. • .... 11. 
ALL PLIGHTS VIA TRANS INTa .. NATIONAL AiltwAVS Olt 
~:':.~~N AlltWAVS DC ... UN ...... IITS WITH CDMPLIMENTAltV 
__ AND aEVEItAGU_ 

FI~ Ani ..... of ....... 1, 1911) 
, SUMME .. ,"UGHTS . 

.... lSa - LOS ANGELU/AMSTEltDAM (Roulld bill) 
JUNE U-AUGUIT a. 

No. In - DAKLAND/AMSTa .. OMt -C .. o.;..4 ·t.1 ., ••.....• "2" 
JUNE 14-SEIIT. I II 

.... 1M - LOS ANG.L.iS,LONDON ,R . i.d iri )' ....... . .s2 •• 
JUNE t1-SEIITEMBER 7 ou P 

.... 4000 - OAKLAND/AMsri"OAM ,"';"M iri 'J • - ••••• .s2l. 
JUNE 1~EMaEIt 7 II 

1M. UI - OAKLAND/AMSTC .. OAM· C ... ..4 'tr1 .••••.•.•. S2I' 
J,,"E t7-SEIITEMaEIt ,. II) 

1M. UI - NEW VORK/LONDON (Il.iid iri )' .... - .... - .'2" 
JUNE I.-SEIITEMBER • II • 

.... U7 - LDS ANeELES/AMsTERDAM C'R • ;td •••.•.• • .s11t' 
J,,"E 3G-sEIITEMBER 2 ou trtp) 

No. U' - DAKLAND/AMsnROAM' IR • ..4 'trt ., •...••.• ,,2" 
JUNE 24-AUeUST 24 p 

1M. 4001 - OAKLAND/LONOONiAMSTERDAM'/O' ••••.••• 12" 
JUNE ,.-SEnEMBE .. 21 AKLAND 

1M. 4001 - OAKLAND/AMSTE.tDAM C.to'u;.d ",'p,' • •.. .•..• 2 •• 
JULV 2-AUGUST 10 

"0.141 -DAKLAND/AMS;'EROAM'CR~nd ',.1 ., ... . .... .s2tt 
JUL v 4-AUGUST ,. • p 

.... 4003 - OAKLAND,uvAMSTi:i.DAM-cR· ·· •• ••• •••• .s, •• 
• JUL V •• -AUGUST 27 ou trtp) 
"".4004 - ONE WAY _ OAKLAND/AMsTi:iUlAM ' ... . .. "21' 

JUNEU •••••••••• ; • - .- • - ••••••••••••••• 11" 
SPECIAL" INTER.eUROPE STUDENT 

CHARTER FLIGHTS 
I" conluMtlo" wit" Cal JfIt '"'It"ts lined a_o •• t fa"tastlCally 
redu .... n'n •. StuCl."t chlrt .... to lnellia. TuMlia INorth Africa'. 
Ea, at Afrlu. Tunce)'. e ..... Ru .. la. Malta •• nd I ...... CT .. A"Iv, . 
• 10 """1." at reduced nltn. ! 
CALL 0 .. WR'TE NOW PO .. PURTHIER I .. POltMATION AND 

A~ICAT'ONS 
WRITE: Cal J.t~ PHONE: (415) 922·1434 

2150 G ..... St. or (After 6.net 
San Francisco, Ce. 94123 waekend.) 

PI""" 0 ..... Ollt" to ......... f_~."'" alld _ 
aM t ...... I"'~" f."' ..... ., tIM U •• of cat~ 

C""AT.AS T~ ~~PA!'f. AUSTRAL.", " .... 'CA ALSO AYAILA.L~ 

"THE BEST AMERICAN SEX FILM 
OF THE YEARI IF YOU HAVEN'1 
HEARD ABOUT IT YOU AREN'T 
HORNYl n - SCREW MAGAZINE 

Rip Torn/Sally Kirkland/Viveca Lindfors 
Music/Jefferson Airplane 

___ ACADEMY ...,. __ 
3721 UNIVERSITy AVE 284 1000 r-

Page 8 Triton Times April 24, 1970 

"Abraxas", a Mind 
Opening Event 

the vel!' l~e h~ is trying to express. Caught up in all 
of soc1ety s p1tfalls, the cast eventually dies en 
masse at the viewer's feet. 

In the perf~rmers' ey~s, the audience has only . 
two alternatIves at this point. They can im-

John Maxwell 
mediately throw off the binding inhibitions which 
ha,:e been forced upon them by a totally fucked up 
soclety and proceed to really "live" for at least the 

"Abraxas" opened last Thursday night in the rest of the evening, or they can desert the plays' 
Anomaly Factory, a shack behind MC 250. It costs cause by walking out over the actors' dead bodies . 
dollar to get in unless you're a fast talker and is 
worth seeing for everyone. That is about th~ entire The play, however, has omitted, or failed to 
range of concrete statements that can be made communicate, any suggestion as to how an. in-
about the student " guerrilla theatre " production. dividual should choose his actions and in-

Any definite meaning in the play is purposefully volvements. Only the evils of society as it exists 
obscured by deafening sounds and very well-done today are explored. As a result, the viewer ex-
lighting. The group appears rather to be interested periences a shocked reaction of "Society's 
in the overall impression and especially the im- Fucked," rather than "Society's Fucked, so let's do 
mediate reaction they manage to invoke. In- our thing, our way." The heart of the play's failure 
terestingly enough , it is only here that they fail. then, is its omission of the time factor necessary for 

the viewer to ponder the play's revelations. 
. From the very beginning, when the viewer 

discovers himself seated as an inmate in a con- An audience who walks out then is not saying 
velescent home, the play intently concerns itself " Fuck it" to the cast, but rather "I need time to 
with direct audience involvement. Whether the cast think about it." 

i~ ro~g t~ough their . audience, playing with a Howe.ver disappointing this result may be to the 
V1ewer s h81r, or trompmg over observers in the ~ctors , 1t fort~ately detracts nothing from the play 

n~tural state, ther successfully attempt to force the 1tself. The bas1s for some significant message is 
vlewer to exper1ence what they think everyone there for any viewer, regardless of how screwed up 
should be feeling in today's society. or liberated he may be. 

. Through~ut the play, the many ills of SOciety are Tickets are available at the Urey Hall Box Office 
~lg~~y dep1cted as crimes against life itself. Any or at the door. Call 453-6151 for ticket information 
mdlVldual who dares assert himself is on trial for and schedule of performances. 
r---------------------------~ .-----------~ 

GULLS NEST PUB 
PRESENTS 

TUESDAyS .... 
MEXICAN DINNER 
two enchiladas 
beans and rice 60~ 
beer 35~ 
6:00 to 10:00 p.m. 

WEDNESDAyS .... 
HAPPY HOUR "DRINK-IN" 
hosted by Robert L. Collins 
KCBQ disc jockey 
hot hors d'ouvres free 
drinks 50~ 
5:30-8:30 p.m. 

THURSDAyS .... 
SPORTS. FIGHTS. AND OLD TIME FILMS 
7:30 p.m. 

FRIDAyS .... 
FOLK SINGERS "HOOT" NIGHT 
brlng your guitar, banjo, etc. 
8:00 p.m. SATURDAyS .... 

"UVE TURTLE RACES" 
enter your own turtle 
8;00 p.m. 

. 3595 SPORTS ARENA DRIVE 
SAN DIEGO 

6 wk. summer sessions. Univer 
s Hy of Granada (at Malaga). Six 
credits; $625 total. Write: Dr. 
E. D'Angelo, Univ. Bridgeport, 
Conn. 06606 Tel: (203) 372-4254 

14n 31nlla 
~4nrtS 
lIurktl' 

2259 Avenida DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 459 - 3465 

Groceries, 
Prolluee, 
Meats, 

Wine & le.r 

Kt 
..,-

I 
{ 
q 
!l 
r 

. [ 
q 

J 
CJ 
,i 

", 

I' 
f 

Possibilities 
18cital 

New music for clarinet and 
~rcussion will be heard in 
cital on Saturday, May 2, 
~rformed by Joan George, 
.arinetist, and Ronald George, 

. >ercussionist. Mr. George, a 
'!raduate fellow in music at 
UCSD, and Mrs. George will 
perform " Essence of Am-
persand" by Raymond Weislmg; 

continued from page 8 

t 'omes to respect him for Ute 
,lOwer she can wield and then, 
, ust about the time he is growing 
'ired of her, to love him. Miss 
dujold is marvelous in angry 
.;peeches such as her last attempt 
to verbally stab Henry - a 
<;>eech of determination that 
Clizabeth will be queen and of 
iride that her own blood is well-
.;pent. Other skillfully acted roles 
llclude' Irene Papas as the 
ourned but dignified Katherine 
.f Aragon, and Anthony Quayle 
.\8 Cardinal Wolsey. 

"Anne," in bringing the Tudor 
!)eriod with its larger-than-life 
intrigues and brinkmanship to 
the screen, is extremely suc-
cessful. The script does have one 
structural ~ealmeSs, though. It 
does not convince us that after all 
these years of waiting for Ann 
(after he has defied Rome, risked 
war, and disemboweled friends to 
get her), Henry would turn 
against her when she gives birth 
to a daughter. And in spite of it 
all, the film does lack the spare 
eloquence and unremitting 
dramatic thrust that made "A 
Man for All Seasons" such an 
electrifying experience and hard-
to-equal model of historical 
drama. 

"SLUGS ITS AUDIENCES 
WITH BLOWS OF 
EXPLICIT SEX" 

- Vogue Mogor ;n • 

[IHIM' IPiIT 

"Source III" by David Burge, 
both for clarinet and percussion ; 
and "Day Sequence: 2" for bass 
clarinet and timpani by Barney 
OlUds. 

Movies, and featured Is the great 
W.C. Fields in "Poppy" (1936) 
along with a very funny film 
directed by and starring Buster 
Keaton called " Navigator" 
( 1924). Accompanying these 
films will be two short subjects, 

. "Science Friction" and "The 
Face." 

Pianist Shirley Wong, also a 
graduate in music at UCSD, will 
join with the Georges for Henry 
Brant's "Ice Age ," for clarinet, 
piano and percussion. Mr . 
George will perform "A Ballad 
for Nothing" for improvised 
vibraphone, live and pre-
recorded on tape. Also on the 
program is "Music in Five 
Movements" for clarinet and 
vibraphone composed by Mr . 
George. 

" Poppy" is almost completely 
devoid of interest when Fields, as 
Professor Eustace McGargle, is 
not appearing, but to lovers of his 
comedy it doesn 't matter how 
bad a film is as long as he is in it. 
This role is almost ideal for 
Fields. It is that of a broken down 
carnival spieler and he has plenty 
of time to execute several of his 
most celebrated routines. 

Why are Ihese people laughing? To find out be at 2722USB Ihis Fr iday al 7 p.m . 

The ' duo-recital will begin at 
8:30 p.m. in the Matthews 
campus Recital Hall. It is free 
and open to the public. 

cinema 
Tonight is Comedy Night for 

the A.S. Friday Night at the 

Sunday night's Muir Cinema 
Series is presenting a 1931 
German classic (with subtitles), 
" The Threepenny Opera." Based 
on the play by Bertolt Brecht, it is 
a social satire with music 
produced by a brilliantly talented 
and courageous group in Berlin 

on the eve of Hitler 's seizure of 
power. It conjures up a world of 
beggars, thieves and prostitutes 

. in an imaginary London at the 
end of the 19th century with a 
universal theme of ironic 
disenchantment and wry op-
timism. 

Born of Brecht's social irony 
and a comment on the society he 
lmew in Berlin between world 
wars, the film is a timeless ex-
travaganza with a biting con-

Please help. 

tempt for sham. Its still-popular 
music written by Kurt Weill 
combines sentiment and 
cynicism and includes " Mack the 
Knife" and " Pirate Jenny." 

Though the original prints of 
this film were destroyed by the 
Third Reich, a complete negative 
has been reconstructed and 
" Threepenny Opera" is often 
cited on lists of the "Top Ten" in 
cinema history. 

All of us hate to see empty cans and bottles lousing 
up what's left of a beautiful country. 

It's too bad packaging technology today isn't 
as exotic and convenient as the gimmicks and 
gadgets on the TV thrill shows; like you, we'd like 
nothing better than for every empty can and 
bottle to self-destruct. Someday, soon, things will 
be different, though ... because we and a lot of 
other concerned people are all working on the 
problem in earnest. 

Meantime, there is a foolproof way to keep cans 
and bottles from cluttering up the countryside, 
and you can do your part: 

Please don't throw them there in the first place_ 

BUDWEIS·ER~ 
KING .OF BEERS. 

Triton nmft Aprll~, 1970 Page, 



F avoredTon ight 
derwater Monopoly 

San Diego's ~a World will be 
the site of tht~ First Annual 
National Intercollegiate Un. 
derwater Monopoly Cham· 
pionships tonight at 7:30 p.m. 
UCSD enters the tournament as 
the nwnber one-ranked team in 
the nation. 

The UCSD Scuba Club, the 
" Sea·Deucers," accepted the 
challenge forwarded by the San 
Diego State Outing Club to 
participate in the event. The first 
national 

up as a highly competitive event, 
with San Diego being assured of 
being the home of the winner, as 
the University of San Diego and 
United States International 
University round out the lineup of 
teams. 

Parker Brothers engineered 
and donated a specially designed, 
lead·weighted monopoly set for 
the underwater event, and Sea 
World offered their 5,()()().gallon 
Star·Kist Underwater Theater, 

photo by T erry Nick li n 
M embers of t he " Sea·Deucers," UCSD's Scuba Club, will compete ton ight in 

the F irst Annua l Nationa l .l ntercollegiate Underwater Monopoly Championships 
at Sea Wor ld . Top r ow (left to ri ght) : Steve White, E laine Schaeffer . Bottom row 
(left to r igh t) : Em ily 09USS, F red Schwanbeck, Ga ry Cordell, R ick Halver son . 

with seating for 1,000, for 
tonight's (inals. Parker Brothers 
will award a cash prize or 
scholarship to the winning team, 
with trophies for each member of 
the winning team. 

The game will be played ac· 
cording to official Parker 
Brothers monopoly rules on the 
weighted board with weighted 
money supplied by the game, 
company. Each official team 
consists of four players, working 
two half·hour shifts each, in the 
four-hour contest. The "Sea· 
Deucers" somehow managed to 
seduce tournament officials into 
allowing UCSD to provide 
bankers for the big match. 

UCSD's team has been holding 
secret practices for several 
weeks in the UCSD pool. They 
have been outlining underwater 
procedures and mapping out 
elaborate strategies for the big 
game. 

Team Captain Terry Nicklin 
vows "that we 'll burn up our air 
for the glory and honor of UC-
SD." Other team members are 
Fred Schwanbeck, Wayne Allen 
and Gary Cordell. The bankers, 
chosen for their financial in· 
tegrity, are Fred Fischer, Elaine 
Schaefer, Barry Berry, Emily 
Oguss, Rick Halverson, Steve 
White, Sharon Allenstein, and 
Lou Shinen. 

Batsmen Trounce S.C.C., Then Lose 
Tritons. 

Biola came from a 4-3 deficit to punch across five 
runs in the seventh iruling that handed UCSD their 
16th loss in 19 games this season . 

t."it(H} till}("~ 
. 

It1~ 
Co-Ho.t. For Major Evtlnt 
Triton Crew Rows In San 
Diego Regatta Tomorrow 

George C.mpbell 
Sports Writer 

Following a tuneup victory in the Santa Barbara Regatta, the UCSD 
Crew, along with San Diego State, will host the San Diego Invitational 
Rowing Regatta tomorrow on Mission Bay. 

The Tritons' lightweight varisity eight oar crew braved rough water 
and high winds in Santa Barbara to win its event with a time of 6:58.9 
to best UC Santa Barbara and San Diego State. 

Tomorrow's event will find nine intercollegiate crews rowing the 
fine San Diego Mission Bay course. The regatta is being sponsored by 
Mission Bay Associates, and organized by the crew coaches at UCSD 
and San Diego State, Bill Gebur and Del Beekley respectively. The 
Zlac Rowing Club has also been invaluable in the planning and 
organizing of this major regatta. 

The universities and colleges sending crews to this event inc' :1e 
Stanford, UCLA, UC Santa Barbara, UC Irvine, cal State Long Beach, 
Loyola, and Orange Coast College. The host teams are UCSD and San 
Diego State. In all, more than 30 crews will be fighting for top honors 
which go to only five teams. 

The shells will launch from Bahia Point and race the 2,000 meter 
course beginning at the north end of Mission Bay with the finish line at 
Venura Point. The first racds scheduled to start at 7:45 a .m., with 
subsequent races beginning every 15 minutes until noon. 

The early races of the day include the singles and the heats for the 
Frosh, Junior Varsity, and Varsity Heavyweights. At 9:30 a .m ., the 
girls from the Zlac Rowing Club will take over the water to race 1,000 
meters in their four~ar shells. At 10 a.m. the finals are scheduled to 
begin, with the lighweight varsity followed by the heavyweig~t fours . The Triton baseballer s were looking for tougher 

competition after demolishing Southern california 
College 1fHl April 14, and found it two days later 
when Biola dumped UCSD 9-4 . 

Leading the way in the victory over Southern 
california College was hurler John Weger , who 
combined with Bill Jones for the two-hit shutout, 
and s troked three hits to drive in four runs for the 

The Tritons go at it again this afternoon against ~ 
Occidental College on their Los Angeles campus 
and then face Southern California College in a 
rematch here next Tuesday at 3 p .m. 

The final and consolation races for the Frosh and J.V. will follow, 
with the final race for the Heavyweight Varsity wrapping L'P :! ... 
regatta events . Immediately following the varsity race there will be • 
presentation of trophies at the Zlac Rowing Club. A luncheon will also 
be hosted by the girls of Zlac for the competitors, friends , and 
families. 

~ . 
.... ="" Two new Chevelles at 

two new lower prices. 

Chevelle 4-0 00r Sedan 

$148* less 
than our previous lowest priced 4-door" 

/ 
..;;;-

Chevelle Sport Coupe 

$147* less 
than our previous lowest priced hardtop. 

Now it's America's lowest priced mid-size hardtop. 
We took America's best se lling mid-

size car. Then, added two new lower 
priced models, including a Sport oupc 
that" priced les than any other ' mid-si7c 
hard top you ca n buy. 

St ill, they both ha e he~e lle' smart 
new grille for 1970. And Chevelle's newly 
styled Body by Fi her. And hcvelle' 

ull oil uspcn ion with custom filled 
prings at each wheel. And hevelle' 

Page 10 Triton Times April 24, 1970 

wi de-stance cha i design, ide-guard 
beams in thc door, cargo-guard luggage 
compartment, bia beltcd ply tires. 

Lower priced they arc, by a much as 
$148. But lower priced looking and feel-
ing they arel/'f. 

Which will get us no love notes from 
the competition. But maybe it will 
from yo u. 

Puttlnl you flnt, keeps UI flnt. 

• Oil d on manufacturer's sua· 
~c'lcd retail price- . includmi 
federal CICCI ta ~ and 5uuesled 
dealer ne w car prcJHHllion 
charlie . 

Thinclads fall 
Twice, Await 
In vitationals, 
AII·Cal Meet 
The Triton thinclads wound up 

with a second and third in two 
triangular track meets in the past 
two weeks. 

April 11 it was Azusa-Pacific 
and the Los Angeles Police Track 
Cfub outscoring the Tritons. 
UCSD tallied 47 points in the 
meet, but Azusa tallied 74 to win, 
followed by L.A. Police with 51. 

The only-first places scored by 
Tritons were in the javelin, with 
Mike Seaback throwing the spear 
159 feet, and a 13-foot pole vault 
by Don Nelson. 

April 18, UCSD hosted La 
Verne College and San Diego 
Track Club in a three-way meet, 
and barely edged La Verne as 
San Diego Track Club ran away 
from everyone. 

With four key men missing 
from the Triton ranks, the team 
pulled together in weaker events 
and were sited by Coach Skief for 
a good overall effort. The final 
score found San Diego Track 
Club with a whopping margin of 
103, to 40 for UCSD and 39 for La 
Verne. 

The Tritons find themselves 
idle this weekend, and are using 
this layoff period In preparation 
for the Orange Invitational at 
Chapman, May 2. UCSD will then 
compete in the Riverside In. 
vitational May 9, prior to the All-
Cal Meet, also at Riverside , May 
30. 

N.tion., Vole,,,.11 a..pionsll,s At UCSD 

UCSD HOSTS NAIA EVENT 
The San Diego Campus of the University of california has been 

awarded the 1970 National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics 
(NAIA) Invitational Volleyball Tournament, beginning .-Ith the 
District III Championships tomorrow at 10:30 a .m . in the UCSD 
gymnasiwn. Winners of tomorrow's six district tournaments through-
out the country will travel to UC San Diego for the national champion. 
ship tournament Wednesday and Thursday, April 29 and 30. 

UC San Diego, United States International University, Whittier, and 
Claremont-Mudd College have already been selected to participate in 
tomorrow's District III tournament, with the winner and probably the 
second-place team given the opportunity to advance to the national 
competition. Admission to the District III tournament tomorrow is 
free and open to the public. 

In Wednesday's and Thursday 's national championship finals 
tournament, play will begin at 9: 30 a .m. each day, with opening cere· 
monies scheduled before the start of play on Wednesday. The final 
match, to determine first and second place, is scheduled for Thursday 
afternoon. An awards presentation and the naming of All-Tournament 
team selections will follow the final game. 

Eight top-flight schools will participate in the NAIA Volleyball 
Finals. The first three place winners of last year's National Tourna· 
men~efending NAIA Volleyball Champion Earlham College from 
Richmond, Indiana ; George Williams College of Illinois ; and UC San 
Diego-are favored , and will be participating along with schools from 
california, Texas, illinois, Iowa, Indiana, West Virginia, and New 
York. 

The eight finalists will playa round robin schedule, with the top four 
teams going into the championship bracket and the bottom four teams 
entering the consolation bracket. There will be a total of 36 matches 
played in the UCSD gymnasium during the tw~y event. The round 
robin schedule will be set up with playoffs to determine all eight posi-
tions in the final standings. All of the matches will be played under 
United States Volleyball Association rules. 

Howard Hunt, Athletic Director at UC San Diego, will serve as the 
tournament director, in charge of organization and running the 
tournament. Ivan Guevera, volleyball coach at Whittier College, cali-
fornia, is the president of the NAIA Volleyball Coaches Association 
and along with Ted Runner, athletic director of the University of Red-
lands, California, a member of the NAIA Executive Committee, will 
serve as a coordinator of the tournament. Glen Davies, assistant to the 
Executive Secretary of the NAIA, will represent the National Body of 
the NAIA. As tournament director, Howard Hunt has secured five of 
the top six volleyball officials in the country to referee the NAIA finals, 
along with the nation's top four scorekeepers, to Insure a top-flight 
operation by host school UCSD. 

This will be the first national tournament held on UCSD's campus, 
and the first NAIA-conducted tournament ever held on the West Coast. 
The NAIA conducts 16 national tournaments for colleges of smalf and 
moderate enrollment, and was the first collegiate athletic governing 
body to conduct an intercollegiate National Volleyball Tournament, 
last year, at George Williams College, Downers Grove, Illinois. 

UC San Diego's team, in only its second year of competition, is 
coached by Chuck Millenbah and assisted by Jim Hurley. The starting 
lineup for the Tritons is as follows: 

Kerry Klosterman-Senior, 21, 6-1, 170 Ibs., second year of college 
volleyball participation, El Cajon, california. 

Dick Reithe.nnann--Senior, 22, /Hi, 200 lbs., second year of college 
volleyball participation, Burbank, california. 

Earl Holmes-Junior, 20, 6-2, 170 lbs., Hollywood, California . 
Arthur Brownstein-Sophomore, 19, 5-9, 160 Ibs., Santa Monica , 

california. 
Christopher Oberg- Junior, 19, 6-3, f551bs., La Jolla, california. 
Jeff Gorrell-Sophomore, 19, lHI, 160 Ibs., San Diego, california: 
Tim Rose-Junior, 19, 6-4, 190 Ibs. , Riverside, California. 
Most of the top players have returned from last year 's highly suc-

cessful UCSD team. According to Coach Millenbah, the Tritons could 
win the District III competition and place very high in the national 
tournament " if we playas well as we are capable." The strongest 
hitters and best blockers, according to coach Millenbah, are Kerry 
Klosterman and Dick Reithermann, both of whom were selected for 
the 1969 National All-Tournament Volleyball Team. Coach Millenbah 
also noted Art Brownstein and Jeff Gorrell as the team's best setters. 

Admission for the two day National Tournament finals will be $2 for 
general admission anil $1 for students. The ticket is good for all 
matches both days and allows a pass-out privilege at any time. Tickets 
will be available at the door on the day of the tournament. 

Health food Dangers Aired 
continued from page 5 

newly-found interest to immediate extremes with dire results . Even 
with something as seemingly innocuous as health foods the result can 
be disconcerting. You need oniy observe a health food store for a few 
minutes to find the pathetic health food-addict housewife, bordering on 
hypochondria , who regards the health food store owner as some kind 
of major deity. 

Health Food Tips (which are reasonably uncontested) 
l. What is crucial is not only what you eat but how you eat it. You 
should oniy eat when hungry and never when extremely nervous or 
irritated. It is important to chew slowly and thoroughly . A short 
leisurly walk after a meal is a good idea also . 
2. Avoid : 

A. carbonated drinks - the stomach doesn 't jilroove on them. 
B. Cold drinks during meals - they interfere with digestive juices. 
C. Foods made from denatured substances - These substances 

include white sugar, starch, arrowroot, tapioca , poUched rice (white ), 
pearl barley, white flour , and aged cheeses. 

D. Spicy condiments - pepper, mustard, and even salt can irritate 
the stomach lining . 

E . Excessively fatty or oily substances. 
F . Foods that contain a lot of chemicals whose names you can 't 

pronounce. 
3. Conswne Instead things Uke milk, fresh vegetables and fruits , nuts, 
lean meats, fish , cottage cheese, yogurt, honey, brown sugar , brown 
rice, wheal bread, whole grains, eggs, vegetable olls , and soybeans, if 
you 're ambitious. 

After. f ine set from the center-seller , the T riton 's 
pr i mary hi tter leaps and prepares to h it or "spike" the ha ll 
through the defense. A pr ime factor in a team 's success >r 

failure Is the coordination, timing, and teamwork be~ .. een 
setters and hillers . 

photo by John Wood 

G:R,O:O I:N"'S 
n Paul Ressler 

.. .. 

Trousers: 
all the others 
are just pants 

• 

Pau l Resslers show their 
class with unique dress 

trouser construction and 
exclusive imported fabrics. 
European bred . Amer ican 

made. Reflect ing the great 
classic looks of the past-
updated for now. For you. 

(a) " Brafine, " distinctive 
European flares in corded 

herringbone S15 
(b) " Calvaire," western jean 

with Boy Scout pocket in 
rugged Garrison cloth S16 

Both models available in a 
variety of other fabrics. 

FASHION VALLEY, SAN OIEGO 
Open week nilhts until 9 P.M, 

Triton Times April 24, 1970 Page 11 



announcements 
Provost Stewart and Dean Batchelder 
will host a Mu i r College Open Forum 
today to discuss the recent violence on 
UC campuses . Students are invited to 
share in the discussion from 2·4 p.m . 
at Muir Commons . 

Petitions are now available for the 
posit ions of Reve lle College 's Com · 
mittee on College Affairs and 
Executive Committee. Petit ions must 
be filled with 25 signatures and 
returned no later than May 4, 1970 at 5 
p .m. The election 10 choose the 6 
members of the Execut ive Committee 
will be held May 13·15 in the Plaza . 

John Muir Food Service Committee Is 
announcing the extension of snack bar 
hours to include Friday and Saturday 
evenings from 7·11 p.m . beginning this 
weekend . The Food Service Com . 
m i ttee has been formed to aid com · 
munication between the students of 
Muir College and Hi Cont inenta l. The 
comm ittee needs your support and 
criticisms to remain act i ve Please 
drop sugggestions in envelopes on 
posters in the commons area . 

All students concerned about the 
select ion of UCSD's next chancellor 
are urged to express the ir op in ions to 
the AII ·Student parallel of the ioint 
student fac ulty search comm i ttee . 
The Search Comm ittee affords stu 
dents a mean ingful and v i tal role in 
shaping the future of this university . 
Chancellor McGill's successor will 
come from the I ist of cand idates the 
comm ittee suggests invest igates and 
recommends from UCSD and around 
the country. Any student may place 
names on the list and is inv i ted to do 
so . Prospects should be adm inistra · 
tors holding a Ph .D. w i th some 
teach ing experience . Information can 
be obtained from and suggestions left 
w i th Lorenzo Herbnandez (453·6935 ) 
or AS Secretary Jeanne Marque (ext . 
1918 ). Suggestions are also available 
from fr iends at other schools, and 
should be accompanied by a few lines 
of b iograph ical background . 
BLOODMOBILE - at the F i re 
Stat ion on MC on Tuesday , Apr i l 28 to 
replen ish the UCSD Blood Fund . 
Operat ing hours will be from 10 a.m . 
to 4 p.m . The fund is adm in istered by 
Un ivers i ty Hosp i tal for the benef it of 
the ent i re university 
fam il y -students , faculty, staff , and 
their fam ili es. Donors should be 
between the ages of 18 and 60 and in 
good physica l health . There are no 
restr ictions on what can be eaten prior 
to g iving blood other than a minimum 
Of fatty foods . Refreshments will be 
g iven following donat ions , wh ich take 
about 30 minutes . 

USB 2722 

Lost : Small, round red ·beaded change 
purse . Contents : Car Keys, UCS D 10 , 
56. Lost on Revelle Plaza rock wall 
opposite library on April 22. Call 
Betye at 278·4723. 

lectures 
UCSD - PHILOSOPHY 
COLLOQIUM-Dr . Douglas Stewart 
of the Lit Dept. will speak on "The 
Ambiguity of Life and Death in the 
Phaedo . " Friday , April 24, Revelle 
college Informal Lounge, 3 p.m . 
ENVIRONMENTAL AWARENESS 
SEMINAR SERIES - Sunday, April 
26at 7 p .m . in the HL Auditor ium . Mr. 
Robert Bates will speak on " In 
Harmony w i th Nature : Man Nature 
and Aesthetics ." 
MEDIVAL CULTURAL 
SERIES - Tuesday , Apr il 28, 7 : 30 
p.m . in USB 2722. Mr . Betram 
Turetzky wi ll lead a discussion about 

me dieval music. 
SCRIPPS - MAR I NE BIOLOGY 
SEMINAR - Fr iday , Apr il 24 at noon 
in Sumner AlJditorium Dr . Ford w i ll 
spea k on " Ecolog ica I effects of power 
station cooling water effluent in San 
Diego Bay ." 
SALK - SALK INSTITUTE 
SEMINAR - Tuesday , April 28 at 
noon in the Salk Small Seminar Room , 
where Dr . Crow w ill summar i ze ac · 
t iv i t ies of Western Behav i ora l 
Sc iences Institute w i th part icular 
reference to the ir study of the War on 
Poverty i n San Diego . 
LA JOLLA NATURALISTS 

- Monday, Apr il 27 , at 7: 30 p .m . in 
Vaughan Hall at Scripps (2nd floor of 
the Aquarium ). Dr . Den is Fox of SIO 
will spea k on Flam ingos, the ir color 
and food . 

on campus 
UCSD - TENNIS - O i a i Tour · 
nament i n Oiai, Apr i l 23·25. 
VOLLEYBALL - NAIA District 3 
Playoffs in the gym, April 2S at 10:30 
a.m . 
HORSEBACK RIDING - The 
Horseback Riding Club of UCSD is 
having a 3·hour r ide and BBQ, Apr il 
26, from 9 a.m . to 1 p .m . For more 
informat ion call ext 2283. 
BASE BALL - Occ idental College in 
Los Angeles at 3 p .m . Southern 
Cal iforn ia College here at 3 p.m . 
ST . JAMES · BY · THE · SEA 
EPISCOPAL CHURCH - Panel 
discussion of pO ints of view relating to 
the Ch icano si tuat ion . Main speakers 
will be John Boreno , act ive in civic 
affa irs in San Diego, represent ing the 
conservative v iew, and Israel Chaves 
and other student members of 
MECHA. Wednesday , Apr il 29 at 7:30 
p.m . In the par ish house of the church . 

1:30 

COFFEE HUT 
ENTERTAINMENT 

, . 
, p-

/1 

'I I· , 
~ r, 

' I' 
/" d: 
"ll I 

f RIDAY AND SATURDAY 
RALPH 

WEDNESDAY 9:00 P.M. 
130 FOOT BRIDE 

9:00 P.M. 

OF CANDY ROCK' 
COM ING EVENTS 

if I 
, I 

i ~ I 
1>1 

I JOE McDONALD I' OF COUNTRY JOE AND THE FISH I . I IN LECTURE MAY 2 ' i (r WED. APRIL 29 NOON PLAZA I~ . , 
~ , JAZZ CONCERT I~" j}) If J:" Unruh May & ~ 

~,#~ 
Page 12 Triton Times April 24,1970 

UCSD - FRIDAY N IGHT AT THE 
MOVIES - Comedy night with W.C. 
Fields . " Poppy," " Nav igator," " The 
Face," and science fiction shorts . 
USB 2722 at 7 :30 p .m . 

MUIR CINEMA - Sunday Apr il 26at 
7 : 30 p .m . in USB 2722. "Three· Penny 
Opera ." 

ACA DEM Y THEATER - People 's 
movies every Sunday at 2 p .m. Call 
281 ·4000. 
UCSD - " Abraxas" at the Anomaly 
Factory . Presented by the en · 
vironmental theater April 25·30, and 
May 1,2,7, 8 and 9 at 8:30 p .m . 

OLD GLOBE - " The Tales of Hoff · 
man " April 25 at 8 p.m . Call ext. 1391 
or 453·6151. 
COFFEE HUT EN · 
TERTAINMENT - April 24 and 25, 
" Ralph " at 9 p .m . 

SAN DIEGO STATE 
COLLEGE - Folk Fest ival, April 22· 
26. Call 291 ·1786. Free concerts every 
Sunday in the Greek Bowl starting at 
11 a .m . 

CONVENTION HALL - Jethro Tull , 
April 25, 8 p.m . Peter , Paul and Mary, 
Apr il 26, 8 p.m . For tickets and info on 
both concerts call ext 1391 or 453·6151 . 
UCSD - Art Gallery - exhibit of 
works by New York artists Richard 
Serra and Keith Sonn ier . 
LA JOLLA MUSEUM OF ART - now 
through May 3, exhib i t of recent 
museum acqu isi tions including works 
by Robt . Rauschenberg, Roy 
Lichtenstein, M i lton Avery, and Robt. 
Irwin . Also one man show by sculptor · 
in ·res idence Dav id Thompson . Call 
454·0183. 

FINE ARTS GALLERY (BALBOA 
PARK) - now through May 3, 
"Cctl i forn ia South VII " Annual all · 
media juried exhibition ; also exhib i t 
of graphics by Winslow Homer. Call 
232·7931. 
CREATIVE ARTS 
WORKSHOP - Sunday , April 26 at 2 
p .m. in the Prancing Pony Room (in 
back of Revelle Cafeter ia) . Paper Art . 
UCSD - San Diego Symphony per · 
formance Sunday, Apr il 26 i n the gym 
has been CAN CELLED. 

meetings 
Yoga Club - Monday, Wednesday, 
and Friday 10 a .m. Wrestl ing Room . 
Womens Liberation Front - Sunday 
at 11 : 30 a.m . Upper Blake Lounge . 
Note change in time . 
Christian Science Organization - . 
Monday 7 p .m. Informal Lounge 
Jewish Students Association - . 
Monday 9 p .m . Informal Lounge 
5 0S - Tuesdays 8 p.m . USB 3020 
Folk Danc ing - Tuesday ij p .m. 

Pump House Annex 
SIMS - Thursday 8 p.m . USB 3020 
Pre·Med Club - Tuesday, Apr il 28 in 
HL 1205 at 8 p .m . 
International Student Club - Ch inese 
N ight on Fri . April 24 in Informal 
Lounge, Revelle Campus . 
UCSD Students for George Brown : 
Tuesday, 9 p .m . 11th floor , Mu ir 
Dorms. 
Torrey Pines State Reserve - w ill be 
the sett ing for an ecological worship 
celebration th is Sunday, Apr il 26, 
beginning at 10 : 15 a.m . The event is 
sponsored by Un iversity Lutheran 
Church . Everyone interested in 
part ic ipating in the eco ·festival is 
invited to gather at Un iversity Church 
at 10 a.m . and share transportation to 
Torrey Pines . Dress casually . The 
program will include a half ·mile hike 
on the newly ·opened Charles Perry 
Grove Trail, and a p icn iC lunch . Bring 
your own food . For further in · 
format ion call Dr . Huber at 453·0561. 

classifieds 
FOR SALE : '67 Camper Van, fully 
equipped to sleep 4, icebox, sink, 
table, propane stove, heater and 2S lb. 
tank, 4·ma n canvas tent, 2-man navy 
raft . 52300 . Phone 453·6932. 

FOR SALE : 8 track auto tape player, 
General Motors unit, 4 speakers, 20 
tapes . 5100. Phone 4S3·6932. 

'65 VOLVO 122S, 5875. Call 488·5676 or 
7S3·8168. 

Typ in g service-UC ex p erienced. 
Technical typing , theses, manu -
scripts, tape transcri pt i on , IBM 
Selectric. Trudy Robideau, M ission 
Beach, 488-0783 . 

COLLEGE STUDENTS ONLY : EUR -
OPE , Spain , Greece, Turkey, Rom e, 
etc . Californil Student Tou rs, (213) 
478·6639; (213) 469·687S . Fly TIA . 
SOCIAL· ECONOMIC DEVELOP · 
MENT EMPLOYMENT OPPOR -
TUNITIES : Nationw ide d irectories of 
positions . All relevlnt fields . Accur · 
ate, cllrrent, i nex pensive. Wr ite to : 
Soclocom, Box 317, Hlrvlrd Square 
P .O., Cambridge, MISS., 0213 • . 

Defense Contracts 
act can be considered as war related, even love making," he said. 
"Our view is that war related activities should be restricted to applied 
work on military weapons or military hardware or military 
organization (such as studies of fighting techniques and coun-
terinsurgency) . They have no place on a university campus, but I 
don't believe it follows that we should forbid the faculty from carrying 
out research just because it is sponsored by the Department of 
Defense or Atomic Energy Commission." 

UCandWar 

The University of California, York said, has long been involved with 
work for the Department of Defense. One contract dates back to World 
War II . "At that time, the government asked us to help it. But now we 
propose what we can do for them." These requests come privately 
from faculty members who hear through colleagues of projects to be 
sponsored by the government. 

Starting in World War II, he said, the University faculty "were 
encouraged to get involved. It was seen as their contribution to the war 
effort. 

"There was almost universal tolerance toward classified research 
on campus during the Korean War" at which time McGill says he 
received his first job in defense research. York went on to say that 
because of the patriotic attitude of professors during the Second World 
War, laboratories were developed as "a convenience to the govern-
ment. Security in the University was poor, and bad practices grew up 
for ten to fifteen years. A lot of people even got Ph.D.'s for theses that 
could not be read by department faculties' because they were 
classified." 

A move to limit government research, however, followed the war 
when the Berkeley faculty in 1950 outlawed classified research from 
their campus. Security measures at Lawrence Radiation Laboratory 
at Livermore were lifted, and the faculty began to question the 
propriety of carrying out war-related work. 

The Regents had been asked to manage Livermore and Los Alamos 
labs, and according to York, " their present view is that they manage 
them in the national interest." As a result, he said, all the Regents 
must have security clearances, and those members of a special 
subcommittee have even stricter clearances. 

UCSO's faculty passed its policy on classified research on Nov. 14, 
1967, and is now in effect, McGill said. The basis of the change in of-
ficial attitude is swnmarized in a speech by the Chancellor in January, 
delivered to a meeting of the American Civil Liberties Union: 

"I do not believe that it is ethically justified for a university to 
sponsor classified research on campus. The imposition of restrictions 
and secrecy in an open academic community where tradition supports 
the right of access of all members of the academic community to all 
information, is not supportable and probably never has been sup-
portable. Thus the development of centers of classified research on 
university campuses was an ethical breach. 

"The national interest and the national defense are things that must 
concern us all, but neither the national interest nor the national 
defense is served by subverting the basic integrity of our institutions 
of higher learning." 

PUTNEY SWOPE 
and more 

t hat's a hell of a combination! 

'A very beautiful . very 
romantiC movi .. 

- New York Tim s 

of beauty, sex 
and drugs: 

® 
more 

"Go see 'Putney Swope'. 
Tells it like it's never been 
told before." - Judith Crist 

"PUTNEY 
SWOPE" 

The Trutt) and Soul MOVie 

:j 


