
( 

trito 
, January 23, 1970 University of California, San Diego Volume 9, Number 3 

Regents Polarized 
lOver Tuition Issue 

by Rog~r Showley 
News Editor 

The decision by the Board of Regents to delay action on tuition 
culminated a two-day meeting last week that touched every aspect of 
the University of California - from the role of student newspapers to 
the priority of admission for Vietnam veterans. 

Gov. Reagan 's proposal to impose a general tuition forced the Board 
to wait until February to decide how much students would be charged 
next fall. His plan would charge $11lO on top of the $300 in registration 
fees to help flOance the university. In 1971 the addition would be 
doubled to $360, increasing costs to the students to at least 660 per 
year. 

UC President Charles J. Hitch's alternative plan would charge 
students the same amount and earmark the income for increased 
student financial aid and capital construction. He said in a press 
conference after the meeting that Reagan's plan did not address itself 
to immediate problems of financing UC, and that he feared the state 
would reduce its appropriations to UC by the same amount as would be 
raised by tuition. 

Regent Heller opposed any plan that did not speclfy for what tuition 
revenues would be used. Regent Simon opposed Hitch 's plan because 
"we cannot even support the buildings we have now. " (UC is $5.6 
million behind in upkeep costs for its buildings.) 
Student Government 

G.E. Recruiter Met by Group of Picketers '; 
! Discusses Strike ' Issues With Students 

The Regents also debated three issues related directly to UC 
students: student government, mandatory fees, and newspapers. 

The first issue grew out of a report presented by a special task force 
which studied ways to increase the viability of student body govern-
ments. Including Chancellor McGill, the committee was made up of 
three chancellors, three faculty members, three student body 
presidents, and Executive Vice-President John Oswald, who worked 
over the summer to come up with seven recommendations. These 
suggested that students be included in most Academic Senate com-
mittees and department policy-making bodies; that "campus forums" 
or convocations be called to inform students of the latest develop-
ments on campus as a way to experiment with new forms of student 
government; and that duly-elected student bodies be used to supply 
committee members. 

by Plul Emus 
AlSor.. N.ws Editor 

A recruiter from the General 
Electric Company was met 
Monday by some 40 picketers 
protesting his presence on 
campus during the current 
nation-wide strike against the 
company. The demonstrators 
marched into the Career 
Educational Planning Center on 
Matthews Campus at one point, 
but left after being informed they 
were in violation of campus 
regulations. Picketing outside 
the office continued throughout 
most of the day . 

An SDS member had a 10:30 
appointment with the recruiter 
and it was at this time that a 
confrontation in the office took 
place. George Burchill , director 
of the Planning Center, told the 
students that he was having 
problems getting through the 
hallway. Revelle College Dean 
Tom Hull ordered them to leave, 
threatening to call the police on 
one student. 

Last year demonstrators 
successfully blocked a Marine 
recruiter from entering the 
Planning Center. In the trial 
before a student-faculty com-
mittee that followed as a result, 
eight students were put on 
academic probation for a year . 
No effort was made to throw the 
G. E . recruiter off campus and 
the students left the office, some 
chanting "War-makers, Strike-
breakers, Smash G. E." 

The demonstration was part of 
SDS's Worker-Student Alliance 
(WSA) program which states as 
its goal an alliance with the 
working classes. A rally on 
Friday to gath r support for the 
demonstration had a small 
turnout because of the rain, but 
petitions were circulated through 

The second In a erles of press 
conferences with Chancellor 
McGill will be held Wednesday at 
noon In the North Dining Hall of 
the Revelle Cafeteria. The main 
topic of dilcullllion will be tuition, 
but Itudents arc Invited to 
queltlon the Chancellor on any 
topic they wllh. The conference II 
SPODlOred Jointly by the TRITON 
TIMES 8DI KBDT. 

the forms asking that "G E 
representatives not be allowed to 
recruit while the strike is on, " 
and that the administration adopt 
a policy of boycotting G E 
products for the duration of the 
strike. 

After the morning picketing the 
group marched to the Revelle 
Plaza to garner more support. 
After . about a half hour they 
marched back for more 
picketing, having gained few 
persons. 

Later in the afternoon the 
demonstrators dispersed after 
gathering in a close circle, 
putting their hands on a placard 
stick and yelling "Let's go! II 
Vice-Chancellor Murphy stood by 
watching calmly while one 
student shouted " Don't worry 
Murphy, we 'll be back," and 
others shouted "Scab! " 

The Placement Center had 
arranged for the G E recruiter , 
George Coover, to meet with 
students to discuss the issues 
involved in the strike. Burchill 
haid that this was designed " to 
attempt to implement an 
educational approach towards 
the employment center. II 
However, that afternoon only a 
few students showed up at the 
scheduled time in the HL 
Auditorium. Those who did come 
claimed that it was too late. 

Coover stated that he was not a 
manager from G E and "not a 
, ecruiter in the sense of what the 
dictionary says, involved with 
hiring or signing up." He noted 
that his appointment with t~e 
SDS member was on an lO-
dividual basis only and said, " As 
you know, AI wasn 't interested in 
employment opportunities." 

The unions demand an increase 
of 90 cents an hour over the next 
30 months . They cite GE's past 
bargaining policy of 
"Boulwarism ," or refusing to 
budge. GE chairman Fred Borch 
said in the Jan . 19 issue of 
" Newsweek" that after the 
company's second offer in 
December "our position has not 
changed ... To keep making new 
offers would destroy out 
credibllity." The international 
Union of Electrical Workers 
(IUEW) retorted : " If GE is 
allowed to set a pattern, we could 
be thrown back to the 1920's." 

Coover noted that GE deals 
with approximately 100 unions 
across the country and claims 
that less than 50 per cent of the 
blue-collar workers are on strike. 
SDS claims that there are 150,000 
GE workers on strike, 
"Newsweek" states 147,000, and 
Coover claims 133,00, although he 
said "I have information stating 
somewhat less than that." 

"We must trust in the good faith of the students, faculty and ad-
ministration to implement these recommendations," declared Lowell 
J . Page, a UCLA faculty member of the task force. 

Chancellor McGill added that most of the suggestions reflected the 
latest developments in government. "But we must entertain changes 
in current attitudes and procedures with the greatest of caution." 

SDS ci r culated a leaflet 
charging GE of male-
chauvinism, a policy of wage-
differential where a woman lS 
paid less per hour than a man to 
perform the same job. In 
response , Coover claimed that 
" there 's no discrimination with 
respect of male or female em-
ployees. 

The Regents, however , were more concerned with a report prepared 
by the president's office on the uses made of the mandatory student 
fees. Covering all nine campuses and detailing expenses down to 
salaries and I)ewspaper expenses, the report was originally meant as 
an investigation i'lto political uses of student fees by the AS on each 
campus. 

continued on page 5 

. Conservation 
An Ancient Harmony With Nature 

by Ail.en H ietanen 
Staff Wr iter 

A spokesman for the Ottawa, 'Sioux, and other 
tribes once said, " The master of life has given us 
lands for the support of our men, women, and 
children. He has given us fish , deer, buffalo and 
every kind of bird and animal for our use ... When 
the master of life, or Great Spirit, put us on the land, 
it was for the purpose of enjoying the use of the 
animals and fishes . .. " 

Indian use of the land was based on reciprocity. 
Land and the gods were inseparable, and as the 

. Indians gave to their gods, they received from the 
land. They had no concept of waste or plunder . 

The Indian belief in the totality of the en-
vironment has been reflected in the development of 
conservation. To preserve the land as a necessity of 
life has been the struggle of a few men in America 
against the myth of superabundance- the belief 
that the riches of the earth will always be available. 
The history of conservation can be viewed as a 
struggle of the land use Ideas that the Indian had 
against the "exploitation" views of the pioneers. 
Ideas ConflJct 

The reciprocity between land and man that the 
Indian felt was diametrically opposed to the pione r 
ethic. Subjugation of the land and a static, ettled 
existence was the life style of th early colonists in 
the New World. They believed that the land wa th 
individual's to remake and conquer. Thi idea wa 
reflected in a statement by Scotch-Irish squatters in 
Pennsylvania who said that It "was against th laws 
of God and nature, that so much land should be IdJ 
while so many Christians wanted to labor on It. II 

Careless us of the land was characteristic of th 
arly pioneers. They would work th land until it 

was worn out and then move west to new, abundant 

land. The belief behind this mobility hinges on the 
word "abundant"-there would always be new land 
ready for the use of man. However, Daniel Boone 
had something new to say about settling the land: "I 
had much rather possess a good fowling piece, with 
two faithful dogs, and traver e the wilderness with 
one or two friendly Indian companions, in quest of a 
heard of buffaloes or deer, than possess the best 
township or fill the first executive office of the 
state." 

ConservationJ m Emerge 

As the land became settled across the entire 
nation, some men began to feel that man should 
work with the land rather than against it. Ecologist 
George Perkins Marsh, in his 1864 book "Man and 
Nature," stated "The earth is fa t becoming an 
unfit home for its noblest inhabitant, and another 
ra of equal hwnan crime and hwnan im-

providence . . . would reduce it to such a condition of 
impoverished productivenes ,of shatter d surface, 
of climatic exce ,as to threaten. .even the x-
tinction of the specie . II 

Apparently, some men in th natior. began to take 
h ed of that warning; bills w re ntroduced in 
Congre proposing to t a id wild me land in 
th United SLates and its territorie . In 1891 , during 
the tenn of Pre ident Ben amin H$lrr on II ri 
wa placed on an oth rwi -innocuous public lands 
bill. It read "That th Pr ident of th United tate 
may, from time to tim . et apart and r rv, in 
any stat or territor ,public land wholly or in part 
covel' d with timber or undergrowth, wh th r of 
corom rclal valu or not, as public re ervation ; 
and th Pr sident shall, by public proclamation, 
d elar the tabli hm nt of uch r rvations and 

continued on pI,. 5 

" 



GE Strike· 

Studen ~s Stage Nation-Wide Protests : 
WASHINGTON-(CP8)-Recent protests on at 

least six campuses ha\'e been directed against 
corporations, particular:y the General Electric 
Company. Some 150,000 workers are cw-rently 
striking GE for increased wages and fringe 
benefits. 

At San Jose State College, about 25 student 
members of the Radical Action Movement (RAM), 
a wing of SOS, clashed with 70 police who attempted 
to block the students' access to a room in the College 
Union building where industrial recruiters were 
stationed. Sixty companies were represented by 
recruiters on campus, including Lockheed, General 
Dynamics and General Electric, the nation 's top 
three defense contractors. The students marched on 
the recruiters chanting "smash imperialism" and 
"recruiters off campus." They were stopped at the 
door of the recruiters' room by a sm8Il force of 
plainclothesmen and campus security guards, and 
were ordered to disperse. 

the university refuSed to do more than provide bail 
money on a loan basis. It also refused to comply 
with a demand that all GE officials be banned from 
campus. Then approximately 50 members of 80s 
occupied the administration building to protest the 
school's complicity with GE. They held the building 
for 16 hours despite a cow1 injunction against such 
action. Six were cited for contempt of the court 
order. 

When they did not, about 50 helmeted San Jose 
police joined the other law enforcement personnel 
ir. pushing the demonstrators out of the area. 
Fourteen were arrested and charged with 
misdemeanors under a recentlYllassed provision in 
state laws prohibiting student disruption. 

At the University of Iowa, the administration has 
announced it will discipline students who attempted 
to remove a U.S. Department of Labor recruiter 
from the school's placement office last month. The 
students were protesting what they called the Labor 
Department's support of the GE management 
against strikers. Civil charges will be brought 
against non~tudents involved in the incident. The 
students will be tried by the Committee on Student 
Conduct under a section of the discipline code 
prohibiting "intentionally disrupting the orderly 
processes of the university or obstructing or 
denying access to services or facilities by those 
entitled to use thereof." . 

Students at Roosevelt University in Chicago were 
arrested for aggravated battery and damage to 
property after a recruiter from the General Motors 
Corp. was doused with red paint in the university's 
placement office. Rutgers University cancelled 
scheduled visits by recruiters from GE after the 
school's chapter of SOS threatened to demonstrate. 
At Harvard, students have organized a petition 
campaign to halt the selling of GE products in the 
Harvard Co-<Jp. 

At Boston University, the GE issue caused two 
outbreaks in as many weeks. Twenty-four were 
arrested when a group of protesters tried to disrupt 
a seminar attended by a GE executive. Students 
demanded that the university handle all medical 
and legal problems resulting from the incident, but 

Fire-Bombing at Rutgers 

Students Fight ROTC 
W ASHINGTON-( CPS)-ROTC 
programs at Rutgers, the 
University of Oregon, the 
University of Wisconsin and 
Northwestern University have 
been hit by incidents of student 
disruption. 

At Rutgers, the fire-bombing of 
an Army ROTC building set off a 
series of protests against ROTC 
that culminated in the arrest of 21 
SDS members for disrupting a 
meeting of the school's Board of 
Governors. The FBI is currently 
investigating the bombing, which 
did minor damage to window 
frames, curtains and an office 
ma~hine. On the day after the 
bombing, the dean of students 
cancelled an orientation session 
for freshmen scheduled by the 
Army ROTC when 40 demon-
strators showed up. 8DS had 
earlier announced their intention 
to stop the ROTC from recruiting 
when a demonstrator tried to 
enter the orientation meeting, a 
scuffle broke out during which 
many of the demonstrators were 
able to gain entry. They debated 
with 20 or so freshmen who had 
appeared for the orientation, but 
the meeting was officially called 
off. Over 400 are currently 
enrolled in ROTC at Rutgers. 
Two days later, 21 students were 
arrested on trespassing and 
disorderly conduct charges for 
carrying before the Board of 
Governors their demands for an 
end to ROTC and to the in-
stitution ' s allegedly 
discriminatory treatment of 
black and Spanish-American 
workers. 

The disturbance, which took 
place in the president's dining 
room, marked the fir ,t use of 

"Say: All 
are created 

by Goel." 
BAHA1UlUAH 

FOUNDER, BAHA'I FAITH 
J! 

FOR INFORMATION: 
Phone 755-1701 

Literature is available and 
informal fireside discussions 
are held frequently . I 

outside police on Rutgers' New 
Brunswick campus. The students 
began chanting after entering the 
meeting, preventing any official 
from speaking. When the 
university president announced 
that the intruders would have to 
leave in ten minutes or face 
suspension, few left. After ten 
minutes were up, the president, 
Mason Gross, said "Those of you 
who are here are suspended from 
the university pending judicial 
review. . .since you are 
suspended, you are now 
trespassers." Two hours later, 30 
police in riot gear arrested the 
students and released them 
shortly on $25 bail each. 
President Gross subsequently 
announced that henceforth the 
school would not serve as a 
sanctuary for student 
lawbreakers. He pledged 
university cooperation with local 
police in handling situations that 
previously had been dealt with 
under internal university 
regulations. 

At the University of Oregon 
three ROTC recruiters were 
splattered with animal blood 
during winter term registration 
by members of a group calling 
itself the " Women's Militia." 
Leaflets circulated read, 
" Avenge My Lai. . ,smash 
ROTC." The blood was hurled in 
plastic bags. Both the university 
president and the student paper, 
the Daily Emerald, condemned 
the act, the former saying that it 
was tantamount to goldfish 
swallowing, the latter declaring 
it to be a " less than feminine'" 
undertaking smacking of bar-
barism and savagery. The FBI 
has joined local police in in-

- ISRAEL-
11 week Student Group 

:~l~d~~i;~~! E~~I:e 
call Marty . 755 !!~O 

AWAKE! 
Yoga Worishop 

M-W-F 
10:00-10:50 
1101 & 1102 

Bldg. 2E Muir 
OM MANI PADME HUM! 

'1 I' 2 TritOl Ti... JIIUUY 23. 1170 

vestigating the matter. 
On Jan. 9 some 3S Oregon 

students entered a meeting of a 
faculty ad hoc conunittee on 
ROTC, "spraying" the room with 
imaginary machine gun fire. 
They charged the conunittee with 
avoiding the real issue by 
discussing the accreditation and 
curriculum of ROTC rather than 
its abolislunent from the campus. 

At the University of Wiscon-
sin's Milwaukee campus, a 
faculty member and eight 
youths, five of them students, 
were arrested after they mar-
ched into ROTC offices on 
campus. Seven, including the 
faculty member, were charged 
with " misconduct on public 
grounds" under a state law which 
went into effect last August to 
deal with campus demon-
strations. 

Sever al miH tary-related 
facilities in the area of Wiscon- . 
sin's Madison campus were 
sabotaged or fire-bombed by a 
group identifying itself as the 
"Vanguard of the Revolution." 
The actions came shortly after an 
Army munitions plant 35 miles 
north of Madison was subjected 
to the first known air attack on a 
munitions plant within the U.S. 
itself. Authorities say the 
saboteur stole a Cessna-ISO from 
a suburban Madison airport, 
dropped firebombs onto the 
munitions plant, then landed at 
an obscure rural airport. The 
explosives failed to go off. The 
plant produces gunpowder used 
in Viet Nam. Commenting on the 
Madison bombings, the 
WISCONSIN CARDINAL, a 
student paper, declared that 
"societal violence"-police dogs, 
water hoses, guns , tear gas and 
clubs-has been a fact of life for 
American students for the past 
several years. Peacefui change, 
the paper said, has failed to 
accomplish anything at the 
Madison campus j so if bombings 
"are needed to strike fear into the 
bodies of once-fearless men and 
rid this campus once and for all of 
repressive and deadly ideas and 
institutions, then so be it." 

At Northwestern University, 
about 30 students held a two-day 
sit-in in the building housing the 
university's Naval ROTC. 

In another development related 
to student dissent, the University 
of Texas continued to experience 
side effects resulting from a 
student1lOlice confrontation in 
the student union building Last 
fall. 

RAPE OF A·LASKA -
The January RAMPARTS /eatures an article entitled "The 

Ecology of Oil." Oil was recently discovered in great quan-
tities in AlasRa, and RAMPARTS explores the predicted 
devastation of the countryside that the writer (Barry 
Welberg) feels is inevitable when the big aU establishments 
move in. It is a searing attacR on the ruthle"ne,," of the big 
oil firms, which hold more power over the government than 
one might expect. The Indbstry "enjoys the lowest elJectlve 
tax rate 0/ any U.S. industry." Waltc!r J. HecRel, the Secretary 
0/ the Interior, isn't exactly against the Idea of development In 
Alaslta; he i. quoted as wanting to build a "Fifth Avenue on 
the tundra." Perhaps the hardest-hit are the EsRimo., who are 
rapidly being relocated-something reminiscent of the In-
dians' plight in the last century. 
SANTA RITA 

A federal grand jury under the direction of U.S. Attorney 
Cecil Poole is investigating the mass arrests during the 
People's Parlt demonstrations and the Santa Rita im-
prisonment, concerned about whether the Alameda County 
Sheriff's Department violated the civil rights of the demon-
strators. Title 18 of the 1866 Civil Rights Law maltes it a felony 
to conspire to violate someone's civil rights and a 
misdemeanor to use "color of law" (e.g., a pretence of en-
forcing the law) to do so. Arresting and con/ining a person with 
the intent 0/ violating that individual 's civil rights would be a 
violation 0/ the law. Conviction carries a maximum sentence 
of ten years imprisonment and a $10,000 /ine. 
FLU IN BRITAIN 

Anyone who takes the flu lightly had better beware : Hong 
Kong flu killed 2,850 persons in Britain last week and pushed 
the four-week toll to nearly 7,000, the Ministry of Health an-
nounced. Of the deaths in the past month, 95 per cent have 
been among persons 55 years or older, and came directly from 
flue or from pneumonia brought on by flu. Take care! 
THE UNION AND THIRD COLLEGE 

The SAN DIEGO UNION expressed disapproval of Third 
College in an editorial on Jan. 10, objecting that the existence 
of the col/ege would devalue everyone's diplomas. They ask 
whether "the student whose high school per/ormance was 
substandard can be expected to compete in the rigorous 
university classroom . .. " Their other argument is that next 
year many " highly qualified" student might be turned down, 
so why should the "unqualified ones" be accepted? Has the 
editorial board of the SAN DIEGO UNION read the admissions 
policy, newly-approved by the Academic Senate? 

DRUG BILLS INTRODUCED 
six bills were introduced in the California Assembly last 

week which would help to halt the flow and manufacture of 
drugs for illegal purposes. One of the bills, however, would 
reclassify marijuana from a narcotic to a hallucinogen. 
A mong the othe r bills: one would make it a crime to possess, in 
combination, the basic chemical ingredients of "speed;" 
another would permit dangerous drugs to be sold only on 
triplicate prescription with one copy sent to the State Bureau 
of Narcotic Enforcement; and a third would require ad-
vertisers of common household-type drugs on radio and 
television to spend 25 per cent of each advertising dollar on 
drug-abuse education programs. 

POT LE.GALIZED IN CANADA? 
There's a fairly good chance that marijuana will soon be 

legalized, in effect, in Canada. A report due in about a month 
from a government commission studying marijuana may lead 
to a moratorium on prosecutions for possession of the drug, 
according to a source close to the commission. He said: 
" There is no evidence of harmful short-term effects, so one 
could draw the conclusion that there is no reason not to have a 
short term legalization, at least from a medical point of view." 
One primary factor against marijuana legalization is the 
United States. A government source foresaw possible closing 
of the now-open border between the two countries. "That's an 
awful lot of border to close off like that and the U.S. govern-
ment could bring a lot of pressure to bear on the Canadian 
government against legalization," he admitted. 

ARLO AND ALICE IN CHICAGO 
Arlo Guthrie took the witness stand at the Chicago con-

spiracy trial last week and testified that he had been asked by 
Jerry Rubin and Abbie Hoffman, two of the defendants, to join 
their Yippie "Festival of Light" at the convention, and that he 
#tad offered them his song, " Alice's Restaurant," as a theme. 
When he was asked to explain the song, Guthrie recited the 
massacre (in three-part harmony) to the court. Even Judge 
Hoffman was amused. When Guthrie mentioned his visit to the 
psychiatrist at the Army induction center, Hoffman asked him 
if he passed. He also asked Guthrie not to sing the chorus, in 
that he didn't want the local theater now showing " Alice" to 
sue the court. 

THE 1968 CONVENTION-
. The January issue of HARPER'S has an article written by 
Senator George McGovern on the discriminatory and outdated 
selection of delegates to the 1968 Democratic National Con-
vention, and what is being done to correct this by 1972 "More 
than one-third oj the delegates who attended the conve'ntlon in 
Chicago were selected, in effect, more than two yeas before 
when the issues,. to say nothing of the candidates, hGd not bee~ 
clarified." He admitted that there was 8reat discrimination in 
picking delegates with regards to age (the average age of the 
Delaware delegation was fifty-three years), sex, and color. 
McCarthy supporters were treated very badly; the Influence 
of those that managed to become delegates was effectively 
nullified by the imposition of the unit rule . 

I • 
. Senate Approves 
Free Rock Party 

ON REVELLE PLAZA 

Reporter Ban Considered 
lIy R ... SIIowIIy IIWI Editor 

A free Coffee-Hut catered band-accompanied afternoon in the frog 
pond? That's the prospect for next Thursday at 2 p.m., AS President 
Jeff Benjamin told the Senate Tuesday. Will Graham advertising 
agency is paying the AS $750 plus expenses to cooperate in filming a 

tele~on advertisement for a "Nutrament" commercial. Benjamin 
said it was not connected with the university in any official manner. 
(See the AS advertisement on page 7.) 

Mark Elson, chainnan of the Enterprises Conunittee and Muir 
senator, reported that to set up a low~ost record store the AS would 
have to invest in a building costing about $2700 and an initial stock of 
$600-700. Albums could be sold for $2.69, undercutting the Revelle 
Sundries Store by at least 25¢ and "discount houses" by 7st to $1. Elson 
said more work would have to be done in planning the store. It is 
unlikely that the AS can begin operations this year . 

Benjamin relayed to the Senate that the Architects and Engineers 
Office is preparing plans for a temporary walkway in Muir College. He 
also said the AS would look into the possibility of providing a low~ost 
duplicating service to AS members. 
RIV,II, Convenes FridlY 

All Revelle professors will be asked to reschedule any 1 p.m. classes 
next . Fri~ay when Revelle students will attend a special College 
Meeting Ul the gym. Called by the Committee on College Affairs 
(RCCA), the convocation will inform undergraduates of future plans 
for Revelle and introduce the members of the RCCA and the Executive 
Conunittee. 

Chancellor McGill and AS President Jeff Benjamin are scheduled to 
discuss campus-wide issues, including the possible imposition of 
tuition. Provost Saltman will try to explain Revelle 's "relevance" to 
the present day, and RCCA Co-Olairman Fritzi Muer will outline the 
latest actions of the Committee. Paul Kaufman will do the same for 
the Executive Conunittee . 
Muir to Discuss lIngu.g, 

• While Revelle students are convening in the gym next Friday, Muir 
students will attend classes in their college. It was acknowledged by 
the Muir Provost's Office that many Revelle students will be absent 
from classes given by Muir professors, and it was left up to the faculty 
to decide whether to reschedule their classes to encourage Revelle 
students to attend their meeting . 

The Muir College Council (MCC) will discuss changes in the 
language requirement at its next meeting at 4 p.m. Tuesday. A special 
committee for dealing with reforms suggested that MCC make the 
final decision. 

Bob Munk, who spearheaded the drive last weekend to raise support 
funds for saving the Torrey Pines, announced Wednesday that the 27 

_. Muir students who canvassed San Diego Saturday raised $580. 
"Hopefully," he said, "this type of activity will be only the first in 
promoting unique projects for Muir College." 

St8rts Today 

Leaming Community in Search of Goals 
by J.y Sh.nnln 
Stiff Writ-,r 

What is the goal of the Learning 
Community? 

" The Learning Community has 
no real goals." 

Jack Blendinger of the Campus 
Planning Office gave this 
evaluation in preparation for the 
weekend conference in education 
starting today. 

Rowell) j and disruption as an 
educational tool (Tony Wilden) . 

Carl Rogers will open the 
conference with an address 
tonight at 6 o'clock. 

by 81th Ly .. , SlIff WritJr 

In an attempt to protect 
students from irresponsible, 
uninformed, or malicious 
reporting by off-campus news 
sources, the Revelle Committee 
on College Affairs may adopt a 
pollcy restricting reporters from 
recording or filming events on 
the Plaza . 

According to Eric Campbell, a 
member of the Plaza Conunittee, 
"One of the main reasons for 
this-at least, one of the 
reasons-is to keep reporters 
from taking films and turning 
them over to the FBI." 
FatherMort, advisor to the 
committee, feels that the 
measure will improve relations 
with the news media and the 
community at large. 

SOURCES CAUSE 
DIFFICULTY 

There has been cause for 
concern over the unfavorable 
bias with which most news media 
view the campus. Generally a 
reporter uses the Public Affairs 
Office and Dean Murphy as his 
primary sources for campus 
news. This led to some gross 
misconceptions when the Public 
Affairs Office announced during 
. the strike on campus last spring 
that there was no strike. Roger 
Showley, a student employee of 
the office, admits that "the 
Public Affairs Office handles all 
the news that isn't con-
troversial." In somewhat the 
same way, administrators are 
unable to give an unbiased ac-
count of controversial student 
activities. 

PLAZA GROUP 
PRQPOSES OFFICE 

The alternate plan proposed by 
the Plaza Committee is intended 
to insure that the public is in-
formed, fully and sym-
pathetically, of university con-
cerns. In order to do this, the 
conunittee hopes to sponsor a 
Public Information table in the 
TRITON TIMES office. Last 
week's RCCA meeting heard 
"recommendations of a public 
information officer to talk to 
reporters, pass out leaflets and 

Planned as an experiment, the 
Learning Community workshops 
will focus on "ideas about how 
higher education is being con-
ducted" with the hope that 
alternatives to the present 
methods will emerge from the 
rap sessions between students 
and faculty . 

IV'IOR$ I'll Jilt 51 f 0 I' THt"S£ S t l rC11 f) f t I I.OV. SltiPS FOP C;ftAO\. AT r ST1JO\ 

Blendinger, who is organizing 
the three-(]ay conference, ex-
plained that the status quo in 
higher education was no Longer 
sufficient for university l1tudents. 
"There is not enough humanistic 
education," he said, and 
hwnanistic educators are the 
ones who must be concerned with . 
the reactions of students to the 
material being presented. 

According to Blendinger, the 
Learning Community will break 
up into work!hops on Saturday 
morning after a Friday in-
troduction at the Matthews 
cafeteria. Participants, who can 
sign up until 5 p.m. today in 250 
Matthews, choose their own 
theme-topic. 

Included in the work!hops will 
be Provosts Salbnan, Stewart, 
and Frazer; AS President Jeff 
Benjamin, and Dean George 
Murphy. 

Topics available for par-
ticlpants-students and 
professors-to sign up for include 
miseducational television (with 
Muir junior Lenny Bourln); 
Third College (with Sydney 
Glass) j learning and social 
change (Carol and Lonnie 

51tOt.:l.O 'Ott Ttli' .OII.OIA'I'r. APPLICATIO~ OAl rs 

100\10 TltoSf" tlO " "'T /'I f':Aftt fA r (011 Era 
,. Af":H'" lI'ATIO' IltADI 1'. '0'" 1 
rAMPl!) Rf"I'Rt~r 'I ATI\t Olt lon-";SI [WARl 
fJRO\:osr Mt If! tOLL" '. 

pttQWWIISO;\ ll lQ "' SliJI 

TO AID TIIO~~ " 'If': 1'1 " , A f':A Rff fI I 
COl Ln,[ 1lAC-IlIV 'Cl~ I'A'ICl' 
DfADLI'E OCT l f: A'wU'l Rrp,U"L"A 
TI\. Ot'" TO\.1Itl I L Rf \ F 1 L t f 01 U r. . 

RIlOP£S SCtt!'lJ.~R~ 

THIR1\ , "' 0 >;C HOl.ARSIlI1'" A.1f AS~lr .' t D A '\.t " LL\ 
10TIIF l S lll t R ' I~"' <' OMI'lllllo'n r R\\rAIlI' 
I IILItV ST AlF QUAI.II \' O. 110111 r"IIAfUr"TF1t ... '\!) 
"1 H .. L I CT TO, "IE MOST 10"IA'11UOlIRn • .u 'T 
r OR A RHODES .,rllOI At' IIU' ,(}'4 I'AfIO' D' AOII" 
OCT, I r A'4PlS RrJ'RfS,, 'lAIIV ( orA" 111\ II 
RE\ru'C"Ollrr,F4'OI'AOr M I\lRIIIO<" IU\'II' 
COlLr ', ' 

THEM "R"iIiALI ~IIOLAJI""II'I!!t rI1l111"lIf~l 
AWAR D POSSItH F ,",OR l "I 'tT\.D~"H ('>, rt II." 
sr)( rOWI' lOA" nMITI!Mll''IHIt'I1'1 If 
KRITl5I1 COV rR'Mf " O F"",S ':' A' AI.l -\, 
THA\.1<iS rolt YARSIIAU . AiO I'CK.R AR' SP[ClId .. L\ 
RESERVED f' OR STUIII '·" t 11 )\01 .. t !il" fR' ... , 1\ 
"ppl . IC"l IO' OIAIJLI .... 1 \)'1 • At'l I 1(",1'''''' 

~ ... nr1{ RF f~ IO' MAR~ItAI I 'C·'IOI A R~IIIP COM 
MITTEL ",I1~ARJ(N t ~I'UI' ~'fRA,r" n 
r AI 'FOR " " " "I " " 

hand out press releases." Father 
Mort, concerned with protecting 
students, insists that the measure 
is "not managing the news," but 
is instead an attempt by the 
students to get an equal voice in 
outside publication coverage of 
the campus. 

It includes the installation of a 
Public Information phone in the 
TIMES office and the publication 
of "official" news releases which 
will be given to off~ampus 
reporters. The releases will be 
written by students of varied 
outlooks and political affiliations, 
so that a reporter can get all sides 
of any issue without venturing 
further than Blake Hall . 

Plaza Committee members 
Campbell, Ballis, and Maxwell, 
who instigated the proposal , will 
be talking to Dean Murphy and 
members of the Public Affairs 
office in order to get approval. 

Back from N. Y. 

The assumption is that these 
administrators, who have the 
most contact with reporters, will 
be able to enforce the ban simply 
by informing them of it and of the 
alternate sources available . 

DISSENTION REMAINS 
This particular point of Plaza 

policy has not yet been passed by 
the RCCA and, in fact, there is 
some dissension among com· 
mittee members about it. While 
most agree that the measure 
would "promote free discussion 
in the Plaza without in-
timidation," at least one member 
feels that students should " be 
responsible" for what they do or 
say in the college forum . But the 
issue here extends to the 
responsibility of the students to 
explain the " why " of their 
viewpoints to the community. 
Ironically, a reporter ban might 
be a good way. 

McGill to Decide on 
Columbia by March 

Chancellor William J. McGill, after spending the weekend in New 
York, told the TRITON TIMES Wednesday that he has "about a 
month" to decide whether he will accept the presidency of Columbia 
University. 

He was not offered the post when he talked with university officials 
he said, but he explained that normally presidencies are only publicly 
offered after a nominee has accepted the appointment. 

" I must discuss my decision with my family, with (UC) President 
(Charles J.) Hitch, and with the faculty and the rest of the ad-
ministration at UCSD," he said. "It will be a very difficult matter to 
decide." 

Already the faculty are pressuring McGill to decline Colwnbia 's 
offer. Professors at Scripps are circulating petitions on his behalf. 
Said one spokesman, "McGill is our only link with the upper campus. 
Without him, Scripps will probably seek to disengage itself completely 
from UCSD and become a UC-wide institution tied to no campus." 

Chancellors of the other UC campuses pressed McGill at the 
Regents' meeting last weekend to stay on at UCSD. "You'd better 
make the right choice," Chancellor Young of UCLA told McGill who 
replied, "I think I'm leaning the right way." ' 

The tenns for Columbia's hiring of McGill were spelled out in New 
York, he said, "and they look very inviting." Although he would not 
state what the offer specifically was, another source said that he 
would receive much more than the Regents are cw-rently offering : 
$40,000 salary, $40,000 expense account (both per year ), a university 
residence, and a university vehicle; the most enticing term is a hands-
off policy from the trustees that would allow McGill to develop 
whatever policies he prefers. 

AUI A I A!I;'" II rt Sf 'A 5 I 

on "' 

aST 

.OllC""1 , :,':". Il,. t .. 

"Pill t I' 

'\""'14 It 
" 'l , • 

l , 

A,flH 
" ,~ I 1 

A' , 
\tAR: 

" 
, . 

II , 

lit I 1"'1111 AT A'Duro 
')1"" eel U I A '.V. 

DA'~'''OR T01'~' 011.1. 

'1'\1 ~rl'l 411(' ,nll\.I'"AP' >,\AII,," r It. 

- ST OAtf' 

or. 
.. VIII 

. , 

APRI 

'" AI'" 

.... , 
0< , 

"" Af M L 
, L' 

,. 

" 

HURD T ...... 
r \. "M I 

I'RU\Cl'Il 'i 'frlC-~ '" 1t'\ 'II' 11.,'1\, I't( • f'i 
A DAI I" ... r" ~I (""lit' 'LA' I r'\J'f'-
l' \4A' ";r\l e \11,\'" •• It. ",1 (411 .. ". 
II,\A:'4!1IIAITII'RJc-.lq"" .. 01111 .: 
\.1"'· I "" r A'II I '" 

Tri tift Ti... JIIiUlry 23. 1110 P.I' 3 



Stone enge 
The Truth .... 

on the Rocks 

Stonehenge! The mystery 0/ 
the second lecture 0/ the UCSD 
Extension series, "Occult 
Traditions - Stones and 
Stars." 

Stonehenge! The Jar-out 
circle 0/ thirty-loot high blue 
stones on the Salisbury Plain. 

Stonehenge! A 130 feet in 
diameter rock monument, 
dating back to 1600 B.C., 
thousands of years before 
Jesus , thousands of years 
before the Greeks. 

Well , maybe. But 
everyone's entitled to his own 
opinion. Some, lor instance, 
date it to the Bronze Age, some 
to the Iron Age, others to the 
Round-Barrow Period; still 
others say that it all goes back 
to a post-Roman invasion. 

More important is: how did 
it all get there? 

Did it rise from the sea like 
the giant rocks on the shore of 
Futa-mi-Gaura in Japan, 
reared as a propitiation to the 
departed spirits of the an-
cestors? 

Was it hauled together by the 
Druids to better glorify aU of 
the human taxes given to the 

and the moonrises and 
counting the years 0/ eclipses? 

I say it was used lor canning. 
Canning preserved meat. 

Evidence: an empty 
preserved meat tin which was 
excavated from a layer 0/ 
earth lower than any that 
lodged the original stone 
implements. The /ickle/inger 
0/ late couldn't pick a' more 
generous point. 

Picture yourself: a hairy, 
hoary, prehistoric man, sitting 
in the dirt of the Salisbury 
Plain. You didn't have time to 
wait for the stones to rise. 
There was more to worry 
about than whether the sun 
was going to heed the heel 
stone by the Gregorian, Julian 
or any other calendar. You 
had a stomach that mattered. 
Things were more expedient 
than getting stoned with the 
neighbors. 

:1~-:r~~J;. gods? Or could it really be the 

There was work to do. You 
had to get on the ball with the 
wheel. Flint weapons had to be 
bronzed and homes had to be 
built so they could all be 
crushed by the approaching 
Romans. After all, how else 
could history be made? 

A bsolutely anybody who 
knows anything about 
whatever he's ever studied is 
aware that a society doesn't 

astral temple that Life 
photographers photograph it to 
be, chronicling the sunrises 

CAMPUS 
INTERVIEWS 
JANUARY 29, 1970 
If your career goals involve electron device research and development in: 

MICROWAVE AMPLIFIERS 
SOLID STATE MICROWAVE DEVICES 
LASERS 
Contact your placement office for details. 

r------------------, 
I I 

: HUGHES : 
I I L ______ _____ _ ______ J 
H U G HE S AI RC RA FT C O M PA N Y 

ELECTRON DYNAMICS DIVISION 
TORRANCE. CALI FORNIA 

'1,1 4 T ri ton Timlt Juuuy 23. 1110 

hae free time lor sun worship 
and living it up unless it can 
feed itself without too much 
difficulty. Right? Right. 

So prehistoriC man had to 
take stock 0/ his situation to 
ensure that he was going to 
become historic. The obvious 
solution on the Salisbury Plain, 
where the business was meat 
and the barter was salt and tin 
from nearby Assiterides 
Islands, was again obvious. 
One does what one can. 

Proof of this can be provided 
by viewing the stones as a 
serviceable circle for keeping 
the animals before slaughter. 
The 36 holes, filled with the 
remains of bones, were un-
doubtedly the places where 
glue was mixed/or labels. And 
on the "Salisbury" Plain, that 
grassy scene is just too close 
for comfort to be none other 
than that cafeteria special, 
super savings cut. The 
evidence is right on. 

Besides, can you really 
believe that there were skilled 
mathematicians busily 
engaged in forming gigantic 
equilateral triangles for some 
recondite religious purpose, a 
thousand years be/ore the 
dawn of mathematics in 
Greece? Who's ever heard of a 
Henge without Greece? 

**.~* .. 

POVERTY PRICES FOR .\LLI 

HAPPy HOUR DAILY 5-6 PM 

GREATEST FIGHTS 
BALL GAMES, ETC. 
ON OUR CLOSED 

cmCUlT VIDEOTAPE 

SANDWICHES AND PIZZA 

DIME NIGHT (ONE KEG) 
EVERY THURSDAY 8 p.m. 

PARLAY ROOM TAVERN 

225-27 West 15th street. .. 

in the bowels of Del Mar 

It£V£U£ 
COLLEG£ 
ItEETIIf. 

1 p.m.-2 p.m. 
NEXT FRIDAY 
IN THE GYM 

Interested in 
tuition? 

How about 
change in 

curriculum? 

Regents and Tuition • • • 
UC Vice-President for Business and Finance Graeme Bannerman 

told the Regents that he was "generally satisfied with the financial 
controls on student fees," except for the usages of donn fees which 
vary from donn to dorm throughout the university. ' 

He pointed out that surpluses In any campus student budget are held 
In reserve by the university as "Insurance" against deficits . 

Mandatory fees are voted by the students and approved by the 
Regents, he said, and are periodically reviewed by the campuses. 
Both UCSD and UCSB had referendwns last year to confirm student 
support for fees. But the AS president at Davis said he hoped to 
eliminate mandatory fees this year. 

The report on student newpapers was also the result of Regental 
concern about printed obscenities which are ultimately paid for, In 
part, by mandatory student fees. 

But most of the Regents were not satisfied with the commission's 
findings. "I don't find the remotest reference to quality " Regent 
William Smith complained. "The report doesn't come to grips with the 
problem raised, specifically the quality of writing in OUR 
publications. These items were not even scratched. Solutions were 
found for non-deflned problems." 

Regent Roth called it an "excellent report given the circumstances 
of time available. Besides," he said, "since Dorothy Chandler left the 
Board (in 1968) we have had no knowledgeable judge of the quality of 
student journalism on the Board." 

Regent Hearst, wife of the head of the famed Hearst newspaper 
chain, challenged Roth's analysis and said he "ought to expand his 
reading." 

Regent Rafferty, superintendent of public schools, told the Triton 
Times that the commission's report was unnecessary because the 
newspapers need only follow the codes of ethics of the national jour-
nalists' organizations. 

Commissioned by the Regents 
last March, the report makes 
eight recommendations for stren-
gthening camus newspapers, in-
cluding more flnanclallndepend-
ence; greater professionalassis-
tance; and dependence byadmin-
istrations on official newsletters 
rather than on student paper s for 
disseminating announcements. 

The Regents also dealt with 
matters involving the faculty. The 
matters involving the faculty. 
They heard a report which re-
vealed that, on the average, pro-
fessors spend about 61 hours 
in academic work and 6 hours in 
classroom activity per week. 

Ancient Harmon, •.• 
the limits thereof." Where might today's forests be 
without that rider? 

Muir, Pincbot Argue 

The argwnent over the exact manner of the 
preservation of the public lands came to a head in a 
great fight between two noted conservationists 
Gifford Pinchot and John Muir. Pinchot believed 
that "untrammeled wilderness is a form of waste" 
(Udall, "The Quiet Crisis"). Muir, on the other 
hand, believed that " the best parts of the woodlands 
should be preserved inviolate as sanctuaries of the 
hwnan spirit" (Udall). 

Working on his belief that the public lands should 
be utilized, Pinchot allowed sheep herders and 
lwnbermen into the Sierra-Nevada area. Muir in 
studies on the area, felt that the land was t>e'ing 
ruined. He and Pinchot fought for many years over 
the issue. Finally, only part of the lands were let out 
for commercial usage. 

As it became apparent that wilderness areas were 
being conserved, some men began to envision the 
preservation of beauty In the cities, among them 
Frederick Law Olmstead. He once said that a city 
park was designed to "supply to the hundreds of 
thousands of tired workers, who have no op-
portunity to spend their swnmers in the country, a 
specimen of God's handiwork .. . " However, most 

city administrators thought the development of 
planned city parks ' too expensive and ignored 
Olmstead's ideas. 

• • 

CaWornla Acts 
An Inducement to local open space conservation 

was created in California In 1959. A law was enacted 
which enabled cities and counties to purchase 
properties, or easements on properties, to preserve 
pastoral areas. Thus an emphasis on the preser-
vation of huge tracts of land In the wilderness led to 
a belief that conservation of green, open spaces is 
advantageous in urban areas. 

In an article in the Nov. 30, 1969 LOS ANGELES 
TIMES on the new " activist" trend in ecology, it is 
stated " We 're in trouble, the eco-people say, 
because we've lost our sense of place in nature . 
Instead of seeing ourselves as Integral links in a 
delicately balanced and orderly web of life, as 
primitive societies did, we have set out to conquer 
nature and, in the name of progress and civilization, 
have torn huge holes in that web." 

Man Not the Master 

Thus, various elements in society are beginning to 
realize the extent of the atrocities committed 
against the land in the name of growth and 
progress. The Indian belief in harmony with nature 
was destroyed by the pioneer ethic of conquest ; that 
ethic is now being challenged by the voice of con-
servationism. Today, attitudes toward man 's en-
virorunent have come around, again , to the ancient 
belief that man cannot be the master, but instead 
must be an integral part, of the world. 

The faculty approached the Re-
gents In their own way with a 
memorial asking for elimination 
of the rule that professors cannot 
be hired If they are members of 
the Communist Party. No comRuter stamps out program bugs like RCiXs Octoputer. 

. It boosts programming efficiency up to 40%. 
The Octoputer concentrates 

This motion was voted on by 
all divisions of the UC Academic 
Senate by mail last December. 
The results were 2,487 in favor, 
1128 opposed and 44 abstaining, 
out of a total facultyon a.ll nine 
UC campuses of 6,835. 

A second motion, which pre-
ceded the call for rescinding the 
rule, called for reaffirmation of 
the importance of free inquiry 
and free expression ·' to develop 
the capacity for critical judge-
ment and to engage in a sustaied 

Programming is already one-third 
of computer costs, and going up 
faster than any other cost in 
the industry. 
A lot of that money is eaten up 

on remote computing because 
that's where the industry is going. 
We got there first, becaus 
communications is what RCA 

is famous for. It puts Octoputer 
a generation ahead of its major 
comp titor. lt nOli 
can put you 
ahead of yours. COMPUTERS 

and independent search for 
truth." 

Regent Monaganl, speaker olthe 
state Assembly ~R-Tracy), got 
through a motion that gives Viet-
nam veterans top priority should 
admissions to UC be restricted 
because of budgetary or space 
limitations. This was one of the 
only motions in two days that ~s­
sed unanimously. 

TRITONS 
BACK 
OUT! 

slIlIing liS UCSD 
bllcilld out 

on tbllir IIIISilltbll" 
gllmll witb tbll 
loclIl bllllr bllr , 

tbll S(:OrtJ hilS 
blllln rllcordlld liS -

Parlay Room 
Battlers • 2 

(NOW 12 • 0)' 
rRlrONS· 0 

by bugs - mistakes in programs. 
With usual methods, programmers 
don't know of mistakes until 
long after a program is written. 
They may have to wait days for a 
test run. 
RCA's Spectra 70/46, the 
Octoputer. takes a whole new 
approach based on time 
sharing. 
It substitutes a computer 
terminal for pencil and paper 
and talks to the programmer 
as he writes the program. 
pointing out mistakes as they 
are made. 
The Octoputer is the only 
computer available today that 
has this capability. It's as 
much as 40% faster. And it 
works on IBM 360 and other 
computer programs as well as 
our own. 
Costs go down. Programs get 
done faster. And you need fewer 
programmers - who are scarce 
and getting scarcer. 
Of course, Octoputer does 
more than just slay bugs. 
It's a completely new kind of 
creature that does time 
sharing and regular computing 
together. 

For career information vi it your College Placement Office. 

Triton Timlt JUUlry 23, 1910 P ••• 5 



tl·it()I~ tilll(~~ 
, 

HilT titlALI 
Tuition: furthering Elitism at UC 

Once again the University of California 
must prepare itself to swallow the bitter 
"lesser evil" pill. Tuition in one form or 
another, we are told, is now an 
inevitability. But before this unfortunate 
fate befalls the university it might be well 
to investigate the circumstances under 
which it will happen. 

Tuition, to a large part, is only as 
inevitable as Ronald Reagan. His in-
temperate budget cuts have forced the 
statewide administration to call for 
tuition for the first time in UC's 102-year 
history. It is also Reagan's harsh tuition 
proposals that have forced UC President 
Hitch to advance his own proposal. 

The general operating funds of the 
university have traditionally been 
provided by the state. ' They include 
faculty salaries, financial aid for 
students, upkeep, and the like. Capital 
construction has been financed by the 
sale of public bonds. Both sources, 
however, are now drying up. 

To remedy this Reagan and Hitch have 
both presented plans that involve the 
same monetary increment, but with 
certain crucial differences. 

The S38 million Reagan's tuition plan 
would collect g"oes into the general 

operating fund of the university. What 
whould be the result of this? Reagan 
would be free to cut back the state's 
contribution to this fund by $38 million. 

Hitch's plan, on the other hand, ear-
marks the money for specific purposes. 
Half would go for capital construction 
and half for increased financial aid to 
offset the tuition increases. This is un-
doubtedly the better plan of the two. The 
chancellors, including McGill , are 
"reluctantly" supporting his plan . 

But we join the AS Presidents' Council 
in declining to support a tuition of any 
kind. Jeff Benjamin's report on tuition 
reveals that 37 per cent of UCSD students 
would have to drop out of school after the 
first proposed tuition increase of S180 per 
year; and 64 per cent would drop out after 
the final increase of $360. 

The major result of these tuition 
proposals would be to further make the 
University of California an elite in -
stitution. A college education is a right 
and not a privilege in this day and age, 
and the state should be prepared to 
support it at the necessary level. Any 
plan must be adopted with careful con-
sideration and not as a result of the 
hysteria that our governor has created. 

Reagan on Center Stage Again 
Students of the University of California 

have found a new friend. Yes, luv, it's 
none other than our guv, Ronnie Reagan. 
With pictures fresh in our minds of 
Ronnie taunting student demonstrators 
at Berkeley, we are astounded to hear the 
governor proclaiming proudly in his 
State of the State Message that students 
are h is first priority. 

Needless to say, an election year is at 
hand and Ronnie the politician is 
opet"ating again . With the campuses quiet 
since the People's Park affair, Reagan 
has lost his most popular issue and is 
taking a new tack. 

But Reagan's white-hat act is only part 
of the story. With the militants tem· 
porarily out of commission, Reagan ;:. 
seeking new scapegoats. In so doing a 
new blue-meanie myth is developing. 
Backboneless administrators and liberal-
sympathizing faculty members are 
wasting the university's resources, 
flagrantly shirking their duties, and 
using their lecterns as podiums. The 
student is billed as the exploited party 

while complaining taxpayers and the 
commie-under-the-bed bunch are bought 
off rather effectively. 

What makes it all the worse is that 
while Ronnie goes to bat for students he 
stabs the un iversity, and therefore 
present and future students, in the back . 
His financial dealings and proposals have 
mortally wounded the University of 
California. Ironically, one attempt to use 
UC facilities more efficiently, namely 
year -round operation, had to be aban-
doned when summer quarters were cut 
out at UCSD and Berkeley because of 
budget cuts. 

We hope students wi II see through 
Reagan's game. His efforts are aimed 
only at dividing the university com -
munity. Unfortunately it is almost 
inevitable that, come next August, there 
will be Ronnie Reagan on TV with his 
"student leader" specimen, silent 
majority button on his collar, slobbering 
over our would-be benefactor . And the 
people will eat it up. 

faculty Behavior Disappointing 
Faculty members, the scholarly elite of Regents at their last meeting (see news 

the university, don't have that much over article, page one). It would have carried 
Middle America when it comes to active a lot more weight if more than S4 per cent 
participation in the decision-making of UC's faculty had participated. 
process. Recent Academic Senate At this week's meeting of the Senate 
meetings at UCSD reveal a growing Dr . Sheldon Schultz suggested that some 
apathy and tend to confirm suspicions survey be initiated to determine why so 
that the interests of many professors do many members had not voted . While 
not extend very far beyond their in· many shared his concern, few were 
dividual fields. will ing to take any action and others were 

A prime example has been their failure even offended . It is quite indicative of 
to obtain a quorun at the last two Senate faculty attitudes that Schultz' proposal 
meetings . When as crucial a question as was not really taken seriously, as im-
the Third CollegE admISSlot1!> plan 'lJa'E pra-::fcal as it may have been. 
being considered wo weeks ago it took a Faculty reaction has been swift and 
few telephone calls to round up a quorum. conclusive only on very rare occasions in 
Then, desp ite Chairman Gabriel 
Jackson's mailed notice urging members recent years, and usually when their own 
to attend, a quor Jm-1S per cent of the self·interests were directly involved. 
faculty-was ne'ler even reached at Chancellor McGill stated recently that 
Tuesday's meeting. an elite community, such as the UC 

In addition it was announced recently faculty is, ought to recognize the value of 
that faculty participation in a statewide self government more than the com -
mail ballot hardly even measured up to munity-at-Iarge. Unfortunately, they do 
national voting percentages. The not. 
question at issue was whether com - One of these days the Senate wi II decide 
munists should be allowed to teach in the to censure itself for the attitudes of its 
University of California, and the results members. But there probably won't be a 
of the poll were presented to the Board of quorum at the time. 

P ••• 6 Triton Tim .. Juuuy 23. 1970 

"Gee, Uncle Ronnie. You're 10 niel All of • Sudden'" 

"Are you SURE that's how you slow 
this thing down?" 

EDITOR· IN·CHIEF WRITING STAFF PHOTOGRAPHY STAFF 
Steve Landau Raoul Contreras Mark He inich 

NEWS EDtTOR Lorraine Evernham John Kafka 

Roger Showley Rich Heimlich Gail Levine 
Aileen Hietanen V ince Massuloo 

PHOTO EDITOR Kathy Janssen Ken Taniguchi 
Mark Trilling Owen Joyner Dave Wallace 

Jim Magill Clark Wilson 
FEATURE EDITOR Bob Schwartz Gary Wyatt 
Ray Seavers Barbara Schweit 

Molly Selvin 
ARTS EDITOR Jay Sherman ARTS WRITERS 
Bill Alaoglu Jim Sills Jeff Fried 

PRODUCTION STAFF Larry Johnson 
SPORTS EDITOR Kim Alexander Paul Hamburg 
Steve Dorsch Karen Glick John Moore 

MANAGING EDITOR Holly Hanes 
Mike Klayer RESEARCH DIRECTOR HaywoOd Gammon 
Beth Lyons JOel GOOdman 

COPY EDITOR Mary Miller 
Dave Stearns GRAPHIC ARTIST Chuck Graham Rob Cohen 

ADVERTISING 
SPORTS WRITERS 
Carol Ch i li i ngton ASSOC. NEWS EDITOR 

Chela Wakefield Larry Raful Paul Emus 

The TRITON TIMES is officially recognized and supported as a 
student newspaper by the Communications Board Of the Un iversity of 
California. San Diego. Building 250. Matlhews Campus. La Jolla. 
California. 92037. In taking editorial positions. the TR tTON TIMES Is 
not representing the views of the University. Ihe stUdent goverllment. 
or the student bOdy as a whole. Offic ial TRITON TIMES edllorlal 
opinion is e~pressed only in those columns on Ihe editorial page 
specifically deSignated for Ihose purposes . The TRITON TIMES 
publishes weekly on Fridays during the academic school year . 
Edilor lal and Business offices are localed in Room 117. Blake Hall. 
Revelle Campus . Phone 453·2000. ext. 1016 or 1017. 

, . Reagan Plays Politics with AS Presidents 
by Jeff Benjamin, President ASUCSD 

::: Two weeks ago Governor Reagan called together his debt? ; would any student want to have this extra tax :::: ~:~ "student advisory cooocil" for its first meeting. I was hanging over his head for twenty or thirty years?; would ~:~: 
::: there along with three other UC student body presidents the high cost of education drive students into higher- :::: 
;:: and 12 or 15 state college presidents. What I saw was, in a paying professions, leaving those areas most in need of :::: 
::: word, scary. people-social work, education, rural and ghetto medicine :::: 
::: It is absolutely imperative that all the students involved and law-destitute?; would graduated women go :::: 
::: in california public higher education know what Reagan husband-bunting with a negative dowry?; how would :::: 
::: is doing. His new "friendship" for students represents his collection be made from those who would roo from the :::: 
::: most potentially successful attempt to subvert the state in hopes of avoiding payment? Even the governor ;::: 
::: university and state college systems. has realized that many of the problems are insoluble, yet ::: 
::: The fact is, the governor wants to breach the wall he still presents this plan as the one which has the ::: 
::: between himself and the "vast majority of responsible students' best interests at heart . ::: 
::: students," a wall which, as he puts it, has "grown higher MORE PROBLEMS ::: 
::: and wider" in recent years. The only problem with our Let us look at one more problem that his deferred tuition ::: 
::: new-found friend is that the bridge will be built strictly on plan would create for us. Once we begin to pay the cost of ::: 
::: his tenns. our education we will become concerned with getting the ::: 
::: most for our money, right? So the governor will be most ::: 
::: happy to oblige us by looking into the efficiency of the ::: 
::: STUDENTS HIS "PRIMARY CONCERN" university operation, as some of the state college student ::: 
::: As the foundation for his bridge, the Governor laid down body presidents have asked him to do for them. Trimming ::: 
;:: the statement at a Regents' meeting a few months ago the fat, as Reagan puts it, is all well and good, until the fat ::: 
::: that we, the students, are his primary concern. He has includes, in his example, classes only attended by a few::: 
::: reiterated his position many times since. He most students, or perhaps experimental non-standard classes, ::: 
::: recently put on his friendship hat in Sacramento, and or , God forgive us, classes taught by communists. His ::: 
::: outlined how the various student bodies could make whole task is to divide us: those in big classes against ::: 
::: recommendations to him for possible appointm~nts to those in small, those not on aid against those who are, the ::: 
::: such important statewide bodies as the Scenic Highway "responsible" students against the individualists, the ::: 
::: Advisory Committee, the California Arts Commission, right against the left, and his friends against his enemies. ::: 
::: and the Advisory Committee to the California Exposition Now this may all sound like one big paranoia trip, but it ::: 
::: and State Fair. He explained how, as much as he cared for is not. The governor is out out to remodel the university in ::: 
::: the plight of the poor in California, he simply could not his image. He wants a docile, easily managed, conformist ::: 
::: (for reasons much too complex for us to understand) institution free of dissent, free of "politics," and free of ::: 
::: restore the $1.5 million he cut from the EOP program. free thought. ::: 
::: Finally and most importantly he outlined his plan for REAGAN AFRAID ::: 
::: tuition. Reagan, like his followers, is scared. Scared enough to ::: 
:::: TUITION PLAN HARMFUL call those of us who would speak against his model "liars" ::: ~:~ The tuition plan, essentially "go-now, pay later," has and "punks; " pretty harsh words for a politician to speak ~:~ 
'::: been fOood ooworkable by University President Hitch, in public. Scared enough to dream up schemes like his ::: 
.::: and is considered to be the most harmful to students by tuition plan to keep the disenfranchised out of the ::: 
::: the UC student body presidents. The plan, in the grand university and scared enough to kill a man to keep a park ::: 
::: American tradition of "you get what you pay for," would from being built. But he has one chance left and it is his ::: 
::: charge the student for the cost of his education (about best-we will invoke the myth of Middle America. He will ::: 
::: $5,000 for four years of undergraduate studies) and allow make us privy to the affairs of state, and give us the option ::: 
::: him to pay back the tuition, with interest, after his of paying on time for the personal "capital improvement" ::: 
::: graduation and when his income reached a prescribed we are now receiving. It is a strong plea and many of us ::: 
::: level. seem willing to accede to it, yet we must not. Not if the ::: 
::: On the surface this sounds fine. However, when we look university is to continue in the direction of equal op- ::: 
::: at the plan more than a few problems crop up, such as : portunity for all potential students. Not if the university is ::: 
::: would poor potential students want to incur this sort of to hold on to what remains of academia it still possesses. ::: 

~t.:;:::::;:;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;::::::::::.;:::::;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:::;:;:::;:::::;:::;:::::;:::;:;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::.:.:::.:::::::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. :.:.:c::::::::::::::::::::::::l 

l Ecology Series 

Make the Earth a 
Better Place to Live 
Society as we know it cannot survive much longer. We 

are confronted with two choices : either total pollution and 
overpopulation or major changes in society . An 
ecologically soood society must replace our rapacious, 
overproductive, over-wasteful society. The problem is not 
restricted to the United States. It is a worldwide problem 
and the stakes are high: life or death for earth and all its 
inhabitants. 

This series shall attempt to keep all interested parties 
informed of what is happening in the field of ecology, and 
will also endeavor to cover major ecological problems as 
they stand today. 

Here are a few things which one can do to make the 
earth a better planet on which to live : 

1. Live economically ; money is the fuel of ecological 
destruction. 

2. Don 't waste paper ; paper comes from trees. 
3. Recycle wastes: newspaper, paper, aluminum cans, 

etc. 
4. Refuse to buy products in non-reusable, non-

returnable containers. 
5. Be vocal about waste and pollution; write or phone 

those responsible for, or charged with protection of, the 
environment. 

6. Don't drive ! Ride a bike, walk, ride a pogo stick, 
hitch-bike; but don 't drive ! 

7. Support voluntary birth control , legalized abortion, 
and incentive programs for small families . 

8. Start a garden; plant a tree; give a gift to nature. 
9. Learn to rely on yourself and your friends instead of 

on the industrial system. 
10. Understand and reject the foolishness of over-

production . 
11. Be informed! Read! Some excellent books on the 

subject are: "Moment in the Sun" by the Rienows ; "The 
Population Bomb," Paul Ehrlich ; "The Fragile Ocean ," 
Wesley Marx; "Silent Spring," Rachel Carson; and "The 
Waste Makers," Vance Packard. 

12. Contribute time and money to local ecology-{)riented 
groups such as the Sierra Club, Zero Population Growth, 
and, on campus, Livable Future Environment (phone 453-
6874 ). 

Pollution Box Score, bottom of the ninth inning: 86 .i 
gallons of liquid waste a day, per person, 80 per cent 
discharged into tidal waters. 

THE POPULATION BOMB IS TICKING. 
--David Bainbridge 

FOOD, 
DRINK, 
& MUSIC 

Thursday, January 29th 2 p.m. 
a T.V. company will film a 

- 4 p.m. 

----~, .'------------
'rock festival' for a 
national T.V. commercial. 

• 
LOCAL BANDS, 
COffEE ' HUT fOOD, 
AND 500 UCSD STUDENTS 

AS SPONSORED Nice 

REVELLE 
PARKING LOT 

TORREY 

La J"o"a'" 

--.. 

SOUTH 
II 

Coast A ts; 
Trit .. Ti... Janllry 23. 1110 PI.e 7 



Fidelity Union Life Insurance Co. 
ColllglM Istlr 

* GUARANTEED BY A TOP COMPANY 

* NO WAR EXCLUSION CLAUSE IN THE BASIC POLICY 

* EXCLUSIVE BENEFITS AT SPECIAL RATES 

* FULL AVIATION COVERAGE 

* PREMIUM DEPOSITS DEFERRED UNTIL YOU ARE 
OUT OF SCHOOL. 

Holiday Inn 
SUITE 100 
LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 
453-1863 or 
279-6878, 272-0548 

Don Cleman - Monte EVins 

fOR YOUR BEAUTY SUPPLIES 
~ 

BEAUTY STORES 
Special Discounts with 

Student Card 

Clairoi1-Lapina1 
Roux-Breck 

English Leather 
Ozon-He 11 i te 

Old Spice-Redkin 

DIA~E SHOPPI)lG CENTER 
4702 CLAIREMOH MESA BLVD. 
272-3242 

COSMETICS 
SHAMPOOS 

WAVES 
HAIR SPRAYS 
WIGS 
WIG SUPPLIES 
GIFTS 

UNIVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOPPING CENTER 
3979 GOVERNOR DR. 
453- 0261 

fl)"la~:.I). 
Ii .~' l1! I 

Hundred. of Se.ectlon.--E.ch .t.99 

"DlA' '1LSK 
.... -.. 

',,;,~I ~"_':',!'''--

Sou ndsville Locations: 4639 Collel!e Ave. lat [ I Cajon Blvd.1 1231 Gamet··Pacific Beach 
277 N. MagnoIia·-City of EI Cajon 

UCSD PRESENTS ••• 
LORIN HOLLANDER 

The first cllssical musician 
to appear at fillmore East! 

If classics are your thing, 
come out and hear him. 

Sherwood Hall 
8:30 p.m. 

Tonight 
ASUCSD $1.15; Faculty/Staff $2.15 

Ticket information at the Central Box Oftice, Urey Hall Lobby 
Hours: 10:00 - 4:00 Pbone : 453- 6151 

Plge 8 Triton Times JUUlry 23, 1910 

Planning a University Community ••• 
by Rich Hlimlich Stiff Writer 

A 10,ODO-acre master-planned community 
was begun in 1960 around the UCSD campus .. 
This year, after ten years and 4,600 acres of 
development, the first near-campus project is 
slated to begin. 

These 10,000 acres are old Spanish pueblo 
lands, spread between Sorrento Valley on the 
north, San Clamente Canyon on the south, 
Miramar Naval Air Station on the east, and 
Gilman Drive, North Torrey Pines Road and 
the Pacific Ocean on the west 

This is the extent of a university-oriented 
community master plan that the City of San 
Diego drew up ten years ago to convince the 
Board of Regents " that a master plan of land 
use in the area can give assurances of 
necessary housing and community 
development for the service and convenience 
of a large campus." 

The second decade of development begins in 
1970 on some 4,000 acres of remaining pueblo 
land. The planning history of the pueblo lands 
is shorter than the hair of the Marine Corps 
recruits who once marched on Camp Mat-
thews. There just wasn't very much until ten 
years ago. 

Pueblo Lands 
In the words of one early Nineteenth Cen-

tury Californian, the Spanish pueblo grant 
reached " east to the well of the Mission" of 
San Diego and as far north and south as one 
cared to look from atop Soledad Mountain on a 
clear day. A pueblo was supposedly allotted 
four square leagues ; insteadi San Diego fell heir to about eleven square eagues. 

Although Mexico had established a pueblo 
government by 1835, it wasn' t until 1845 that a 
rough map was drawn from atop Soledad 
Mountain by a New England sea captain, 
Henry D. Fitch. It was this map that provided 
the pueblo with 11 square leagues, instead of 
the customary four square leagues. 

In the Fitch map, the pueblo formed a rough 
triangle, the apex of which was just south of 
the seacoast community of Del Mar. The 
pueblo boundaries followed the ocean south to 
Point Loma and Coronado. The line then ran 
in a northwesterly direction, taking in 
present-day San Diego; on up through Old 
Town (just missing the San Diego Mission) ; 
and north to the Sorrento Valley; then back to 
Del Mar. 

;p"1' 
~-
~.f r-
~~t j 

~ 
4'" 

_. I 

When the Americans took over on July 7, 
1846, the Pueblo of San Diego had " about 3 
families and the entire population of the place 
was about 250 inhabitants," according to one 
old-time resident. Soon afterwards the pueblo 
lands became the City of San Diego. Each city 
administration in office assumed it had the 
right to sel~ trade, borrow, and give away 
land parcels. Finally the remaining unsold 
portions, north of the San Diego River, were 
restricted from sale except by vote of the 
people, according to the city charter. 

Though the lands north of the river changed 
hands many times in the following years, the 
area remained essentia lly the same as when 
Captain Fitch drew his rough map from 
Soledad Mountain in 1845. 

The scene in 1960 was still one of open mesas 
and slopes with fingers of chaparral ; of 
valleys with thickets down their bottoms 
marking the presence of water. 

The rivers of golden wild oats swaying with 
the wind over rounded hills back of the mesas 
gradually gave way to the rising jumble of 
mountains to the east The eucalyptus groves 
around the campus today once gave shelter to 
a USMC camp. The groves stand as mute 
reminders of the unsuccessful attempt by the 
Santa Fe railroad to grow them for rail ties in 
the last century. 

The first major change in the eucalyptus 
groves came in 1961 , when ground was broken 
for Revelle College. This college, occupied in 
1963, was a major change for San Diego. The 
location of a southern University of California 

campus near Scripps had been long sought for 
by San Diegans. Although the University of 
California had owned 170 acres of Scripps ' 
since 1913, the need for a general campus 
persisted. 

In 1957 a "Study of the Need for Additional 
Centers of Public Higher Education in 
California, " presented by the Regents and the 
State Board of Education to the Legislature, 
recommended that a campus be located in the 
southernmost portion of the state. The Board 
of Regents confined its search to the north La 
Jolla area after the city provided the com-
munity master-plan required by the Regents 
in 1959. The 1,000 acres required to establish a 
general campus came as a result of the City of 
San Diego' s 45(}-acre gift of pueblo land in 
1958, and the transfer of about 436 acres of the 
Camp Matthews site to the University in 1964 
by President Kennedy. 

The 10,()OO.acre master-planned area will 
support some 90,000 residents, the majority 
being university-connected. Forty-six per 
cent of the area is developed, 13 per cent is in 

_ roadways, and 41 per cen~ or 4,100 acres, 
remain undeveloped. 

Of the undeveloped land, 33 per cent is 
owned by the city and the remainder is in 
private ownership. About 69 per cent of the 
total area is in large ownerships of 50 acres or 
more. 

UCSD's Planning Director, Werner Len-
denmann, has termed UCSD 's planners as 
" pioneers in university community· plan-
ning." The intention of the master-plan, he 
says! is "to provide near-campus housing and 
servIces for university people. . 

" The plan is to buifd high density close to 
the campus. The developers should mix the 
various price ranges so students, faculty, and 
other university people are not housed in 
separate areas, sequestering one group from 
another. 

"The residential and commercial areas," 
he c ontinued, " should be mixed to prevent 
dead spots found in most existing cities. 
Diversity of building types is encouraged, and 
grading s hould be kept to a minimum to 
preserve the natural beauty of the landscape. 

Bright Future 
" The canyons should be reserved for 

natural open space and reserve park land. A 
network of bridle, bicycle, and walking trails 
in the canyons is being planned to connect 
with the campus. These canyon areas form 
natural divisions that could lend strength to 
the concept of neighborhood breakdown, 
wherein individual character and identity 
may be fostered. Our general topography 
protects us from .the danger of urban sprawl 
and can provide open space, if we push for 
ilOpen space costs the developer money," 
Mr. Lendenmann added. 

The University may get much of what it is 
asking for. There are few developers to deal 
with, a master-plan for guides, and a city that 
desires a master-planned university com-
munity. The city's desire to provide a com-
munity master plan for the university in 1959 
has been called the " unwritten agreement" 
between the city and the university upon 
which future hopes hinge. But the final 
assurance must come from the developers. 

The first developer in the university com-
munity was the Irving J . Kahn organization, 
now operating as Penasquitos, Inc., which 
opened a small tract in University City in 1960. 
There were only 27 housing uni ts built tha t 

year. By 1968 there were 3,124 units, mostly 
single-family dwellings. 

Kahn has set March as the target date for 
the first of the next decade's projects to be 
situated adjacent to the UCSD campus. His 
Penasquitos, Inc. is awaiting approval by the 
City Planning Commission of plans for a 187-
acre regional shopping center east of the 
married studen ts' housing and across the 
freeway. 

The university is opposing this develol>' 
ment, according to planning director Len-
denmann, as being contrary to the intentions 
of the master plan. "This development would 
be a center larger than Mission Valley and 
Fashion Valley combined," he said. " It would 
concentrate too much commercial in one 
area. The university seeks half that size." 

Another debate is going on regarding Rose 
Canyon. The master plan called for a golf 
course below University City, and now Kahn 
is proposing a trailer park for the area. Bob 
Starke, president of the 30o-member 
University City Civic ASSOCiation, noted that 
" Kahn advertised that there would be a golf 
course in the canyon. There were even pic-
tures 0{ him smiling in front of a model of the 
golf course. Now he wants to change his plan 

and build a trailer park." Mr. Starke warned, 
" If he can breach the plan here, he could 
brp.ach it elsewhere." 

The first near-campus planned community 
is a $150 million 300-acre residential-
commercial development called Villa La 
Jolla. The site is located south of the UCSD 
medical school campus. The property, owned 
by Land Resources Corporation of 
Philadelphia, Pa., is bounded by Inters tate 5 
on the eas~ Gilman Drive on the west, and La 
J olIa Village Drive on the north. 

Included in the project planned for the next 
five to ten years are hotel-visitor facilities 
near the freeway ; a "town center" to serve 
the future community's shopping needs ; a 
professional office area; high-rise and garden 
apartments; and town houses and apartments 
designed for student ~cupancy. 

Student Apartments 
Robert Biron, local representative of the 

development firm , said Villa La Jolla con-
struction will start early in 1970 on 700 garden 
apartments, of which the majority will be twcr 
bedroom. The proposed monthly rentals 
range from $110 to$130 for studios, $130 to $175 
for one bedroom, and $175 to $230 for two 
bedrooms. The developer plans to include a 
full range of social and recreational amenities 
with the first garden apartment complexes of 
two and three stories. 

Mr. Biron said the proposed "town center" 
would be 45 acres of restaurants, arts and 
craft shops, theaters, and some specialty 
stores. A residential complex equal to 30 per 

i~?I:i(~ /;~ 

••• 
the choice 

cent of the floor space in the commercial 
center will be used for student apartments. 

" These apartments would be located above 
the stores," Mr. Biron said. " The students 
would, in effect, be sharing the rent with the 
stores below. This arrangement would make 
the apartments less expensi ve." 

" We will build these units on an ex-
perimental basis to judge student response," 
he continued. "With a commercial-
residential mix, the ' town center' would not 
die at night In conjunctiol! with the university 
university we hope to build a pedestrian 
bridge from the campus to the village for easy 
pedes trian access." 

The planning effort must be coordinated 
between many groups. When a developer 
wants to change the zoning for his project, he 
must make his request to the San Diego 
Planning Commission. This citizen com-
mission is assisted by the San Diego City 
Planning Department. Final approval must 
come from the City Council by a majority vote 
of its members. 

From the time a developer makes his 
proposals to the commission until they are 
approved by the Council, many interest 
groups can be involved. In the University 
Community Master Plan area there are four 
prominent citizen groups: University 
Community Planning Group; La Jolla Farms 
Property Owners Association; the La Jolla 
Town Council ; and the University City Civic 
Association. 

AtUCSD, the Campus Planning Committee 
is concerned with the development of the 
campus and the university community around 
it. ASUCSD President, Jeff Benjamin, a 
member of the committee, is presently ex-
ploring, with Vice-Chancellor Murphy, the 
possibility of housing managed by the 
students. A committee is being formed. " I 
want more student-oriented housing, " Jeff 
Benjamin stressed. " because I fear a 'La 
Jolla North' development, a plastic land (or 
rich La J ol1ans." 

The University Community Master Plan 
asked, analyzed, and answered the difficult 
question : what kind of a community is this to 
be? It will depend on whatever the com-
munity chooses to do with its land in the 
coming decades. The master plan a success 
or failure, will eventually become a part of the 
landscape. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 

327 F street 

PA YS DOIIOIS -
for se~ice 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed SUn. &. Mon. 

233 - 8328 

14u ~nUtt 
~lJnrta 
:!Iarkrt' 

2259 Avehida DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 459 - 3465 

Groceries, 
'r04.ce, 
Meats, . 

Wine & Beer 

7th' Annual 
Europe 

Jet Flights 

454-1316 

Rap With yo.ur PSA rep. 
Pam Peterson agent for 
SIX non-s ops dai ly to 
San FranCISco Flights 
every hour on the half-
hour to LA Also. great 
service to Hollywood-
Burbank. San Jose. Oak-
land and Sacramento. 
You've got ~! .. ~ 
her number. ~ 

PSA gnles 
you a I itt 

Los Angeles-London (Round·trl p 
(For .tudent., 'Iculty Ind .tl" only) 

Spring Quarter Special 
March 29.,)uno 16 t1 Wk. $255 

Summer Flights 
Jun . 15·Sop 22 14 Wks $295 
Jun. 21.Aug 21 9 Wk. $295 
Jun 22·Sep. 9 t Wk. $295 
Jut 5·Sep 3 8 Wk, $295 
Sop 28 LA-London ,One,wlY) $13~ 

LTS Travel Service 
4246 Overland Ave. 
Dept. A 
Culver City, Calif. 90230 
(213) 839- 7591 
Marty: 755-8850 

CASA DEL PONCHO 
7451 h Jolla Boullvard 

h Jolla, Cllifornia 
Ponchos- Miniskirts-
Peasant blouses and 
dresses-Shaw1s, etc. 

Earrings for pierced ears 

Handcrafted Imports from Ecuador 

ASIAN AMERICAN RECREATION CLUB, INC. 

SUMMER JET CHARTERS 
to HONG KONG 

& OTHER ASIAN CITIES 
$407 

Round-trip 
to Taipei & 
Hong Kong 

3- month flight 
2-month flight 
1- month flight 

185 
6ne:\vay 
Charter 
to Japan 

Connecting flights to Singapore, Manila, Sa 19kok, Seoul 
and Calcutta. 

FOR INFORMATION, WRITE OR CALL 
Stanley W, Flight Chairman 
P.O. Box 2549, Stanford, Calilornla 94305 
PI>one: (415) 325-9015 

ame: _____________ _ 

Address: 
-----------------

Zip 

.~ . 

TrilU Tilllll January 13. 1170 PI,I 1 



PO'ssibilities 
A N.w Ph.nom.non 
On Saturday night in the UCSD 

gym KPRI and the Associated 
Students will combine to give 
UCSD students one of the year's 
best evenings of relaxed, 
carefree entertainment: Tim 
Hardin, Seals' and Crofts', and 
San Diego's own Jerry McCann. 
The concert begins at 8 p.m. 

If you've ever laughed so hard 
you cried, and then kept on 
crying because you realized it 
really wasn'tfunny; if a child has 
ever given you one of his prized 
possessions like a seashell or a 
butterfly's wing as a gift, and 
you've kept it to look at secretly 
and secretly smile at once in a 
while ; if you've said hello to God, 
and God said hello back . .. you 
Imow Tim Hardin's music . 

Tim Hardin is almost a legend 
in his own time. He is one of the 
few individuals able to r each all 
of the public without com- , 
promise. Tim Hardin is a 
phenomenon because he is great 
merely being himself in an age of 
plasticized popularity. His songs 
reach the ears of everyone and 
his lyrics draw up strong 
emotions from deep inside. 

Seals' and Crofts ' add the 
dimension of their versatile 
music to the concert. (A review of 
their recorded performances 
appears on page 11. ) 

As an added attraction , Jerry 
McCann has been added to the 
show. Jerry is a local musician 
with recognized talent who has 
recently performed with 
Framework, one of San Diego 's 
top groups. He will be performing 
in solo for the first time. 

Tickets , contrary to many 
advertised prices, will be only $2 
at the Urey Hall box office with a 
student body card. 

The Othel Playboy 
A youth discovers he is a hero 

to the teenage girls in a small 
village after he runs away from 
home in " The Playboy of the 

W~tern World. " The John 
Millington Synge comedy opens 
Jan . 22 at the Cassius Carter 
Centre Stage . Performances are 
nightly through 

Feb. 8 at the theatre-in-the-
round, adjacent to the Old Globe 
Theatre in Balboa Park. One 
matinee is scheduled on Sunday, 
Feb. 8. 

When the young-man brags to 
the girls of the crime he has 
corrunitted, they admire him for 
his physical exploits. A romance 
develops quickly between the 
beautiful daughter of the pub 
owner and the runaway youth . He 
comes to the attention of an at-
tractive widow and four other 
village girls, all of whom attempt 
to attract his charms. 

Students may purchase tickets 
to "The Playboy of the Western 
World" at $1.50 each to any 
performance except Saturday 
nights' . The student discount 
price at the Cassius Carter 
Centre Stage is a 40 per cent 
reduction from the regular price. 

Bill Cosby is a very funny fellow. 
Right! 

A V.,y Funny F.llow 
Since the demand for tickets to 

his first Saturday night show 
(Jan. 26) has far exceeded the 
supply, comedian Bill Cosby has 
scheduled a second performance 
at 10 :45 in the Community 
Concourse Convention Hall . 

Cosby, who will present his 
first show at 8 p .m ., will share the 
stage with vocalist Joe Williams, 
a singer whose credits include a 

association with the Count 

r---------..f FlitZ ARTS 1818 GARNET STREET m '4OOO 
OOCIJ",e.vr~i( ~8 (It) 
ACoHP\.efa'l' I1JWJ , 51i1aE'!' ~LKil YfJI"'frfbMltlJ (;t)H ~tJf1f':o1 Wi6tD THIi{,r 
~e~~A~ (IO) 
c;,..Jv(tV 1 ~11Je; TIi£ l'OrlIeI!(. Of Iwl4:;tJT1CtJ 1<lO~1/Jl1'? 

~~~ ~MetJi fl' rlJ:>SIH f~ (~) 
""",,V iet>DO~ ~~~ ('t) -n161'a-\P6Cr (1) 
t'kI.\E.Cf , i-lUDE ~"" ItJ A S'v~I2.l>U>JJ MOfIOlJ D~€N-\ ... 

~ )JoJM~< ~er (5,y 9~..., (I.) 
La:( tvr, MH-l. , ~I<; ~SYs bot /J!r W P'(11,.,...,rre vo.P. 1-11 IJO " 

,..----------1 AOADEM'F 3721 lNVERSlTY MIlE 2e..!OOO 
END OF A "EVOLUTION! (2') 
The Chc Gue •• ,. conl'Ov."ey 

SHOCK TROOP 

MUDDLED IN "'"'0 
STARRING THE KEYSTONE COPS 

SHOOT THE II0"KS (7'1, ) 
.. An imated •• plolt.llon 01 1119 pic· 
tur •• • 

fJY US MILI TARY SERV CE 
"t9erd,"V even I .. ther If e de"Ve" 
01 IhOughU ... aCllon. 

FLASH GbRDOli - Clllpl., S 
WIPEOUT (3) LORDS CF C"UTlDN (9) THE ECiGTIHE" (5) 
HE,,"AN (I) CAHYOII DIARY NO. I 

Basie band. 
In addition to his television 

popularity, Cosby also has scored 
heavily in the recording field , 
with six of his LP albmns 
registering sales of more than 
one million apiece. A native of 
Philadelphia, the versatile stand-
up comedian dropped out of 
Temple University after only two 
years when it became apparent 
that his humor was financially 
more rewarding than his prowess 
at football. 

Op,n Alt 
The La Jolla Museum of Art is 

now accepting new applications 
from students desiring to enroll 
in its Artist-In-Residence in-
struction program. The program, 
established in September 1969, by 
the museum's director, Thomas 
S. Tibbs, offers qualified adult 
students the opportunity to study 
painting, ceramics and sculpture 
with producing, professional 
artists . 

A new class in drawing will be 
offered in connection with the 
sculpture course for the first time 
during the Spring Semester, 
which starts February 2. 
Students may concentrate on 
either the drawing or sculptw-e 
aspect of the class, or give their 
attention to both. David Thomp-
son, sculptor-in-residence, will 
teach the combination class. He 
feels that a separation between 
painting and drawing may no 
longer exist in the traditional 
sense. 

Other instructors in the 
program are painter Charles 
Emerson and ceramist Clark 
Rost. 

Also being offered for the first 
time in the upcoming semester 
are openings for beginning adult 
students in all three courses of 
art instruction . Special Saturday 
afternoon classes will be held for 
beginning adult and young adult 
(pre-college) students. Classes 
for advanced adult students meet 
in two three-hour weekday 
sessions. The museum's studios 
are open for the use of all 
students on weekdays dw-ing 
gallery hours . 

All classes are limited to 25 
students each. For information 
on registration procedure call the 
museum at 454~183. 
Maud Flicket lives 
"The Funniest Man Alive," 

Jonathan Winters, is coming to 
San Diego Saturday, Feb. 14, in 
the Convention Hall of the 
Community Concourse at 8:30 

"The American Boy," to which 
Jonathan Winters has often been 
referred, describes the real 

Miriam Shapiro's painting, part of our UCSD Gallery eXhibit. 
Small Scale, can be seen Tuesday through Sunday, 1l:0oam 
to 4:00pm and Wednesday night from 8:00 to 11:0Opm. 

of his brilliant humor. 
Tickets go on sale Monday, 

Jan . 26, at the Civic Theater box 
office (23!Ml510), all Highlander 
stores, and Metro ticket agen-
cies. 

On Tap On Campus 
At the Coffee Hut this week 

Jungle Jim was great, as were 
the other fringe benefits. This 
week features even more . Next 
Wednesday "It Came from 
Beneath the Sea" will be shown 
at the Hut. As San Francisco is 
terrorized by the giant 
radioactive squid, 15-<:ent hot 
dogs will be served. Tonight and 
Satw-day the Barrelhouse Blues 
Band . (formerly the Material 
Stuff Blues Band), who have 
played with Big Marna Thorton 
and Cal Tjader, will play their 
original arrangements of folk and 
classical blues. 

La Jollan John Best, world-
famous trumpeter and jazz 
musician, will soon bring his six-
piece jazz group to UCSD. 

The two worst basketball 
teams in the world, the Nads (2-
21 , they beat the Feelers twice) 
and the Peace Feelers Basketball 
Ensemble (0-23), will play each 
other this week in the Intramural 
Tournament. Both teams are 
really unbelievable. Check the 
LM. office for schedules, or form 
a team with your friends. 

The AS film series offers "M" 
and "Metropolis," 50 cents, 

tonight in USB 2722 at 7:30. (Glen 
Forsch) 

N.ighbolhood Alt 
" Small Scale," an interim 

exhibit at the UCSD art gallery, 
provides a rare chance for UCSD 
students to view works by faculty 
artists . The small collection 
includes the works of John 
Baldessari, Harold Cohen, Don 
Lewallen and Michael Todd. 

The show provides students 
with a chance to identify the 
styles shown in many works 
displayed on the Matthews 
Campus with particular artists 
on the staff. 

Gallery hours are Tuesday 
through Sunday, 11 a .m. to 4 p.m. 
and Wednesday night, 8 to 10 p.m. 

Po.tic Witn.ss 
" Don 't be afraid of me. Don 't 

be afraid of what I say," writes 
Sidney Goldfarb. This poet is 
well-known in New England for 
flamboyant and intimate poetry 
readings. Energetic, confiding, 
and sensitive, he impresses the 
listener with his warm per-
sonality and direct language. " I 
need a witness," he proclaims. 

Witnesses are welcome at 4 
p.m. next Wednesday, in the 
Revelle informal lounge, as 
another in a series of poetry 
readings is presented. (M.W.) 

HOW TO GET A DOCTOR 
Of DIVINITY DEGREE 

Doctor of Divinity degrees are issued by Universal Life 
Church, along with a lO-lesson course in the procedure of 
setting up and operating a non-profit organization. For 
a free will offering of $20 we will send you, immediately 
all 10 lessons in one package alo:lg with the D.O. certificate. 

UNIVERSAL LIFE CHURCH 
BOX 6575 
HOLLYWOOD, FLORIDA 33021 

START YOUR OWN CHURCH? 
We will furnish you with a Church Charter and you can 
start your own church. Headquarters of UNIVERSAL LIFE 
CHURCH will keep records of your church and file with 
the federal government and furnish you a tax exempt status--
all you have to do is report your activities to headquarters 
four time.s a year. Enclose a free will offering. 

U~IVERSAL LIFE CHURCH 
BOX 6575 
HOLLYWOOD, FLORIDA 33021 

Tri t ... Ti... J .... " II, 1171 , ••• 11 

THR AltTI 
criticism-rock 

Two Medieval Troubadors 
by Muk EllOn, Stltion Mlnl,"r, KSDT 

Seals' and Crofts' blend divergent musical 
elements with a skill and naturalness that tran-
scends the commerCial eclectism that Is often 
encow-aged by recording companies. They can 
effectively use the five-tone scale and other Oriental 
allusions, giving a fresh and airy quality to their 
music. The references to classical stylism that are 
corrunon in their recorded work bring out their 
mandolin qulte effectively. The texture of the 
music Is not heavy, and there Is neither leaning on 
feedback nor lightning guitar work. like Simon and 
Garfunkel, Seals' and Crofts' do not include drums 
in concert, but use them in the studio. Quite 
possibly the recording company felt that drums 
would add backbone, just as in the "Sounds of 
Silence" which wouldn't have carried through 
automobile radios as well without a bass drive. 

Yet in concert Seals' and Crofts' are more ef-
fective perfonning with just their mandolin, a 
guitar and an accompanying bass player. And, as 
John Mayal discovered in "Turning Point," the 
rhythym is there already; why overpower the 
listeners? 

Their albmn is also refreshing in its free use of 
melody, phrasing, and tempo changes. But the 
rhymes and lyrics are too deliberately strained, for 
example : "cows of gladness," "butter of hap-
piness," "shirt of wilIdom," "birthday of my 
thoughts," trying to create an image that has the 
pithiness of cliche but lacking the triteness. The 
idea is perhaps too simple, and he could have 

criticism-opera 

created such substitutes as "cw-tains of joy," 
"shoes of greatness" or anything else. 

"Ashes in the Snow" is their most delicate song: 
Its sensitive mood is established by the excellent 
use of background brass and strings. "Not be 
Found" Is also one of the best songs in the album. 
The one-and-a-half minute fade-out with legato 
string counter-melody is excellent. The overall 
musical effect of the album is substantial but could 
have done with a bit more backbone or a slight 
suggestion of another rhytlun guitar. 

It is refreshing music, unique and extremely 
descriptive. If you get images in your head, 
depending upon your frame of mind, then the music !s successful. Seals' and Crofts' do create vibrant ~ 
unages. They are not "bubble gmn" musicians: 
they are two medieval troubadors, roaming the ' 
countryside. In fact the albmn cover portrays them 
as such, although both come from Texas. 

One little schtick, which wasn't on the album but 
which was seen at the Feliciano concert two months 
ago at San Diego State: "This is the part of the act 
where my partner freaks out. .. Jim Seals actually 
proceeds to really get it on with the fiddle; they 
probably will repeat this act in concert tonight. 
Their total sound rates a B, but their live per-
formance warrants an A. They have turned on 
audiences who went to see Jose, and were therefore 
a good cross-section of "young America." They 
should perform just as well tomorrow, so come to 
the concert in a good mood and with an open heart. 

Asylu m, Political or Otherwise 
by Llrry Johnson, Arts Wri ter 

The Old Globe Theater opened the new year on a. 
light note with Woody Allen's " Don 't Drink the 
Water," the comic story of a family of "middle 
American" tourists (Jewish) who have to take 
refuge in an American embassy behind the lron 
Curtain. They are accused of spying when they 
innocently take souvenir pictures of a missile base. 
The play has a minimal plot, providing only 
situations for the jokes. 

Bert Miller, who in an emergency took over the 
role of Walter Hollander only a week before 
opening, was very good as the harassed father who 
didn't want to go to Europe anyway. He is the 
center of most of Woody Allen's quicky~yle gags . 
IT this style of humor seems too trivial, than don't 
waste your money; but don't fall into the error 
made by another critic and pan the play because 
you don't like the genre. If you're willing to settle 
for just a good laugh, letting message and social 
importance go, "Don't Drink the. Water" is a great 
way to have an evening's fun. I have always 
despised Woody Allen's humor, but he really 
reached my funny bone with this one. 

UCSD's own Karen Erickson was very good as the 
very modem daughter, who falls in love with the 
comically futile acting ambassador, well-played by 
Harie Snider. In fact, the whole cast was at least 
"dequate. Sybil Goldman was a great Jewish 
mother-wife, bouncing lines back and forth with 

Miller. After a long absence from the boards, 
Herbert Scott played Father Drobney, a priest who 
has to take refuge in the embassy (for six years, a 
thought which does nothing to reassure the stranded 
tourists). A comically bad amateur magician, he 
also serves as the play's narrator. Scott, a talented 
character actor, sustained the role strongly, with a 
very individual interpretation. Robert Larsen was 
a riot as Krojack, the skulking red security agent. 
He superbly satirizes a whole genre of c1oak-and-
dagger characters. All elements blended together 
into what was one of the happiest moments of the 
theater season. 

Special note should be given to the set depicting 
the interior of the embassy. It is one of the best sets 
the Globe has ever used, masterfully done by Peggy 
Kellner , who is also the Globe's master costumer. 
It is not only elaborate, but also very beautiful. 

The play runs every night but Monday through 
Feb. 8 at the lovely theater in Balboa Park. 

Next on the program at the Globe is "Halfway up 
the Tree," a Peter Ustinov comedy about the 
generation gap, concerning a father who decides to 

"out~OIH>ut" his hippie son, with hilarious results. 
It opens Feb. 17. 
"Playboy of the Western World" opened 

yesterday at the Globe's companion Cassius Carter 
Stage. It is classic Irish comedy with deep human 
insights. 

JOSE ORIBE AND THE CLASSIC GUITAR ... To~aYI Inc, 
PRESENTS 

FOUR EXCITING GUITARISTS IN CONCERT 
FEATURING 

'THE MODERN GUITAR QUARTET 

Saturday 
February 7, 1970 
8:15 pm 

"FINEST [N GUITAR ARTISTRY FROM BACH TO BOSSA" 
Pacific Beach Jr. Hlgb School Auditorium 
4676 Ingrabm 
PacifiC Beac~ Callfornia 

--frO _ /, ~*lJ + / 
/,- -L. . " .;: 

Zoonman. the star of Bob Kuntz' one minute animated short, featured 
on TRlTON TIMES night at the Unicorn .. 

2001 Revisited 

The Unicorn Offers 
a Special Trip 

by Jeff Fried, Arts Writer 

This Thursday the Unicorn Theater presents its Second in-
ternational Tournee' of Animation. With this program the Unicorn and 
the TRITON TIMES initiate what will hopefully be a continuing event. 
TRITON TIMES Night at the Unicorn. On this night all UCSD students 
will be admitted for one dollar . 

The staff of the TRITON TIMES and the management of the Unicorn 
have cooperated in this effort with the idea of bringing the best in film 
entertainment to the students at a reasonable price. It is also hoped 
that this program and others like it will help to integrate the university 
and the surrounding community. 

The Second International Tournee ' of Animation is a collection of 19 
animated films from around the world. The films in this program have 
been gathered from nine countries : Japan, Belgium, Czechoslovakia , 
Denmark, England, Switzerland, Rumania, Yugoslavia, and the U.S., 
and represent some of the most advanced and imaginative techniques 
now being used in animation. The films are either narrated , have 
English subtitles or are universally intelligible. 

Highlights of the program are "K-9000 : A Space Oddity" by Robert 
Mitchell and Robert Swarthe, a delightful and inventive satire of 
stanley Kubrick's "2001" done in a style similar to " Yellow Sub-
marine ;" " The Charge of the Light Brigade," in which 19th Century 
political engravings are brought to life by Richard Williams ; "Binary 
Bit Patterns," a .computer animation by Michael Whitney; and " Les 
Corbeaux" by Ernest and Giselle Ansorge , made of carbon dust. 

The films come from the San Francisco Museum of Art. Five of 
them are to be shown for the first time in the U.S., two, for the first 
time on earth. 

The program will be at the Unicorn from Jan. 28 through Jan . 31. 
The discoWlt to students, however , applies only on Thursday the 29th, 
TRITON TIMES Night. All students are encouraged to attend. The 
program will be shown at 7 and 9: 15, and if attendance requires, a 
third screening will be presented. 

"A remarkable f.-1m'" Jud,IOCIISI. 
• NBC· TV '!04., Show) 

...... 

also 
WINNER ACADEMY AWARDS 
WINNER CANNES fESTIVAL 

WIf4" rR GO~DrlfclOBE AWARDS 

EASTMAN COLOR 
_~ 8:15 only 

A MAN 
ANd A WOMAN 
~----------.... COUI' 6:30 10:15 
ACADElW'Y 
3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284-1000 t------.. 

___ .. PlfNE ARias .. ______ • 
- 1818 GAANET STREET ""-4000 

Trit •• Ti .... Jlln ry 23, 1110 'I" 11 



Zappa akes the Mothers 
by Dan Pilcher 

Suzy was right. These Mothers is crazy, You . 
can't make any sense out of anything they do . They 
sound like they each go into a seoarate soundoroof 
room and make obscene noises for about an hour . 
Then they mix these separate tracks from the 
different rooms together, record the resulting 
cacophony, and sell it wrapped in record jackets 
which look like they've been soaked in cafeteria 
food. 

You might think that the Mothers are merely 
harmless; after all, everyone does something crazy 
once in a while. Or you might think that the group is 
really trying to play the everyday country-folk-
rock1)sychedelic-jazz-blues that we hear on the 
radio, but for some reason (maybe they don't 
practice enough) they just aren't making it. The 
truth of the matter is that the Mothers are playing 
exactly what they want to play, and that they have 
made a career out of it. They are not trying to be 
corrunercial by imitating the sounds of what they 
term "ugly radio." Instead they are very seriously 
making a unique kind of music, guided by a unique 
individual who is none other than Frank Zappa. 

Zappa composes, arranges, directs, and 
sometimes adds his guitar and voice to the Mother's 
sound. He is clearly the leader and the reason for 
the existence of the group. The words to his songs 
are usually either satiric or a straight criticism of 
both young and old in American society. Often the 
words on the Mother's albums take the form of free-
association monologues or discussions without 
music. Sometimes the words seem to be satirizing 
not only early rock-and-l'oll writing, but also Zap-
pa's own writing. Finally, the liner notes on all of 
the albums always seem to be satirizing the album 
itself. 

The instrumental side of the Mother's music is of 
basically two varieties. The first variety is a parody 
of early rock music. The best example of this style 
is found in "Reuben and the Jets." But Za a is 

basically a serious composer of the second kind of 
Mother music. Even in early compositions, as 
"Freak Out," Zappa shows a grasp of musical 
concepts which far exceeds the sophistication of· 
most of today's rock composers. In "Lumpy 
Gravy," "a curiously inconsistent piece which 
started out to be a ballet but probably didn't make· 
it," Zappa does not put any words to his music; the j 
only words are spoken between songs. Many of 
Zappa's compositions are classical atonal works : 
orchestrated with the basic rock instruments, which i 
are supplemented by electric horns and other 
electrical gizmos and techniques. The atonal ' 
aspects of his works are not suprising, considering 
that one of Zappa's principle idols is Igor 
Stravinsky . 

Technically, all of the Mothers play their 
respective instruments well. Zappa is a fair lead 
guitar. Jinuny Carl Black ("the Indian of the 
group") is a very good drummer, and Ray Estrada 
plays a mean bass. In the horn section, Ian Un-
derwood (sax and piano) is a genius. His sax solos 
in "Uncle Meat" are technically perfect, and rank 
as close to Olarles lloyd as anything you will hear. 
Zappa chose his band well . 

For all their musical adeptness and 
sophistication, the Mothers have never really 
become popular. The title of one of their albums, 
"We're only in it for the Money," satirizes a result 
of this fact. The group probably has never averaged 
much more than $250 per person per month. ·Their 
failure to become a commercial group is not the 
result of any lack of musical or intellectual ability . 
The Mothers did not become popular because they 
were simply too musically and intellectually ad-
vanced to have a large following, especially among 
the top 40 candY-l'ock teeny-bopper set. Com-
pounding this fact of Motherhood, the Mothers 
satirized the very groups which make and break 
conunercial rock groups, and were thus practically 
assured of failure by the very nature of their music. 

(Editor's note : Zappa has now disbanded the 
Mothers, although he still uses several members in 
his recording adventures. 

AS SPONSORED 

Frank Zappa, musician, composer, conductor, arranger, satirist, 
adept, genius. 

UCSD GYM 
TOMORROW NIGHT 

aox OFFICE - UREY HALL 
$2.00 until Friday 4:00 p.m. 

AT THE DOOR - 7:00 p.m. 
$2.00 with AS card 

like to Reid ., 

Book Reviewer Wlnted 

see Bill Alolglu 

Triton Times 

DON'T FORGET THE PARTY 
'. ~ ! , 

DRjNK 
fHOSIC 

",. Thursday, January 29th 2 p.m .-4 p.m. 

I~e' ! e Be In a 'rock festival' that will be filmed 
for a national T.V. commercial. 

WEST 

f 
OOti\ [b~OO 

AND OTHER LOCAL BANDS, 
COffEE HUT fOOD, 

AND 500 UCSD STUDENTS. 
"'20 PEOPLE FOR CLOSE-UP SCENE ON BEACH . SIGN-UP AT STUDE'NT ACTIVITIES. 

Pagl 12 Triton Tim.. Jlnuary 23, 1970 

, 

.. 

c 

t I 

• 

EDUCATIONAL 
BREAKTHROUGH ? ? 

VOCABULARY BUILDING AND SCHOOL GRADES 
250 
240 
230 
220 

' 210 
200 
190 
180 

.... 

1M 170 > 
1M 160 .... 
>- 150 
• C 140 
.... 

~ 130 .. 
C 120 u 
0 110 > 
:z:: 100 
'" 
.... 

90 
C) 80 z 
1M 70 

60 
SO 
40 
30 
, 

20 
10 

CHRISTOPHER N. "Nick" BEERE, UCSD STUDENT 0 0 

WHO CAN BENEFIT? 

LEXICON SYSTEMS, INC., is dedicated to helping 
you increase your vocabulary to the highest attain-
able level. LEXICON is doing this for people of all 
ages , from 9 to 75, and from all walks of life. This 
is done through completely Individualized imtruct· 
ion , utilizing the latest audio-visual equipment de-
signed by Non·Linear Systems, I nc ., in conjunction 
with a program developed OYer the past 35 years by 
the Johnson O'Connor Research Foundation. The 
program material is designed to be used by people 
with vocabulary levels on the above chart from 50 
to 200. This means that a person with a vocabulary 

level of 50 !which is somewhere in the upper half 
of the fourth grade) is significantly helped , as well 
as the person who is in a hilt> vocabulary profes· 
sion such as teaching, law or medicine. 

PHENOMENAL GROWTH 
IN VOCABULARY 

Pictured above is Nick Beere, A UCSD stu-
dent, whose grades changed from C to A, af1er 
he had increased his vocabulary by taking the 
LEXICON vocabulary building course. Last spring. 
Nick enrolled in a vocabulary coo r58 at the 
Del Mar LEXICON Center. Prior to taking the 
course, his vocabulaJY level was 150 (Point A 
on the chart above ). After completing the course, 
he scored an extremely hilt> 250 (PoInt B on 
the chart). 

~ ~ 
IJ~ 

90 
".".1001'" 

""",,100'" 

~~jII .. 
70 

, 
.... "" ... ". 

J~ ",,100 
"" 

50 

I ~ .,!jII ".".".". , 
'A 

"" 

... "" IJ 30 ,J 
I ~, ...... ~~ ". .. ". .. 
~ II 

" """""" , ~ ~ 10 
IJ ~ ~ 

" "" 
100"""'''' 

~ 'I ~ ""~'" f lJ I ~ II ~ 
I J I ~ IJ ~II' 
rl'l'lIJ" 

~/'I~ 
fll " 
" ~ 

5 10 15 20 25 30 35 40 45 50 
AGE IN YEARS 

IMPROVES GRADES FROM C TO A 

Nine months later (~ember 1969). when Nick 
visited LEXICON again . he was tested and his vo-
cabulary level was still at 250 on the chart. He said 
his papers at the university were coming back with 
a grade of A, and almost without corrections. Pre-
viously, he rarely received a grade higher than C. 
He says : 

Since my completion of the LEXICON 
course, my grades have significantly im· 
proyed in all areas involving use of the Eng-
lish language, including term papers and test 
essay questions . In classroom discussions. 
my ability to express myself clearly, pre-
cisely, ... d wi thou t hesitation added to my 
self·confidence and actually stimulated a 
free flow of ideas. I feel that this ability to 

expms oneself exactly actually promotes 
rational th inking. The exposure to new ideas 
and concepts throult> a viable. working vo-
cabulary stimulates creatwe thought. 

INTEREST STIMULATED 
IN ACADEMIC PURSUITS 

Prior to taking the vocabulary bu ilding course. 
Nick Beere felt that school imposed a crushing 
burden on him. His feelings of accomplishment 
were very small compared to the tremendous 
amount of time and effort he expended. Today, 
he enjoys his learning experiences and the crushing 
burden is gone. Others have achieved similar results. 

ENROLL NOW for the most exciting and reward· 
ing leaming experience of your life l 

Call for an appointment for your free lesson at any of the lexicon Cente~ listed below : 

Downtown Center 
Fifth Avenue Finaneill Center 
Fifth and La.,.1 
San Diego, California 92103 
Phone: 233·7212 

La Jolla Center 
2163 A •• nide de la Play. 
La Jolla, Celifornia 92037 
Phone: 454-2221 

State College Center 
5189 Coll898 Avenue 
San Diego. Cllifomi. 921 ;'; 
Phone: 787·0222 

North County Center 
1150 C_ino Del Mar 
Del Mar, Callfomi. 92014 
Phone: 755-3064 

Triten Ti ... Janury 23, 1170 PI" 13 



UC Davis Tou ey Today . 

fouls, Laci of Size Hurt as Cagers Go J·2 
Plagued by foul trouble and a 

lack of size, UCSD sandwiched 
one victory between a pair of 
defeats in basketball action last 
week. The Tritons dropped a 97-
as decision to Azusa Pacific on 
Jan. 13, came back to down 
Fresno Pacific 84-70 last Friday, 
and absorbed their third loss of 
the year to the University of San 
Diego the next night, 84-74. 

Twenty-three personal fouls 
against Azusa Pacific spelled 
disaster for Coach Barry Cun-
ningham's cagers as UCSD out-
scored the visitors ~ from the 
field, but surrendered a 29-5 
advantage to Azusa at the charity 
stripe. Midway through the 

Fight of the Century 

second half, Azusa Pacific ran of{ 
seven straight points to build 
what proved to be an in-
surmountable teniXlint lead. 
Guy Dimonte paced the UCSD 
effort with 20 points. 

In their lone victory of the 
week, UCSD parlayed a decided 
height advantage over Fresno 
Pacific into a corrunanding style 
of play to win, 84-70. The Tritons 
displayed a driving, short-range 
shooting offense with five players 
scoring in double figures (once 
again topped by Dimonte's 24 
points) as they convincingly 
drubbed Fresno. 

Following the script written in 
the Aztec and USIU holiday 

Marciano KOs Clay in 13 
New York (UPI )-Rocky 

Marciano, without throwing a 
punch in anger, knocked out 
Cassius Clay in the 13th round ' 
Tuesday night to win the all-time 
heavyweight championship with 
the help of a computer. 

Clay, using the shuffle and his 
superior reach, built up a big lead 
by knocking down Marciano in 
the eighth round and slashing 
open cuts over both eyes, but 
Marciano came back strongly 
with knockdowns in the lOth and 
12th rounds before the finisher in 
the 13th. 

"Sure it upsets me," Clay said 
after watching the fight in a 
theater in Philadelphia, " but it's 
just a fiction, make-believe fight. 
People have seen me in the ring 
for the last time tonight. I'll 
never fight again." 

Thus, a knockout by an NCR 
computer from a man who died 
five months ago ended the career 
of Cassius Clay. 

The films of the two fighters in 
the ring were filmed months ago. 
Marciano died in a plane crash 
and the film was then edited and 
spliced together to fit the script 
made by the computer. All kinds 
of different endings were filmed. 

Referee Chris Dundee is the 
brother of Clay's manager , 
Angelo, but he had no choice but 
to toll off the ten-count decreed 
by the computer 57 seconds into 
the 13th round. 

There were six other endings to 
the bout (some of them with Clay 
article . 

winning) scripted before the final 
product was put together. 

The bout was seen in more than 
1000 theaters throughout the 
United States. The crowd, near 
capacity in a New York theater 
on Broadway, booed, cheered and 
even laughed as if it were an 
actual fight. 

Marciano looked pudgy but his 
toupee remained in place 
throughout the bout. The makeup 
men also did a yeoman job 
slashing Marciano's face with 
fake wounds to follow the script. 
Clay was unmar ked at the end 
and looked ahnost as he did when 
he beat Zora Folley in his last 
actual fight nearly two years ago. 

In a court settlement that led to 
the computerized film fight, Clay 
gave away any chance of a 
rematch. 

Clay had 29 victories without a 
loss in his career before he was 
dethroned as champion for 
refusing to be inducted into the 
Army. 

Marciano, 45 years old com-
pared to 26 for Clay when the 
fight was filmed last August, had 
a 49-0 record before he retired in 
1955 as ' the first undefeated 
heavyweight champion in 
history . Marciano, appearing 
nearly as he did in his prime, lost 
almost 50 pounds for the making 
of this fihn . 

Less than a month after the 
filming, Marciano died in a plane 
crash in an Iowa corn field. 

~nnouncement 
WESTERN STATE UNIVERSITY 

COLLEGE OF LAW 
announces the start of classes 

at its new campus in 

SAN DIEGO 
now accepting men and women 
who have a minimum of .Ither: 

• 2 ' .,n.f .... 'I.~I. coli.,. 
e, 0411' 1'01 .... ro 

• If" U .04 ... • ",1 ••• I. 1.,.I1.e, •• 1 
.~1111J !Io •• ""I .. I .... f ..... 
It .. .. • 0'0,,';1004 ~, , .. II. 

Th. III d . 0". CO" be earnod In 4 yean of port time clo"., 
.3 clan •• p.t ••• k. J hour. "., d ..... 

ENROLL NOW FOR 
nlRUARY 2nd CLASSES 
(tatlr Day a/ld fruin, Clauts) 

.rlIO .. ,..... ... Io.f • ..-. .. ,r '''0'_ 
Front and "(" Streets 

(opposite the Law Library) 
San Diego 

232-6506 
ft. •• dogr •• of LL • . or J O. will 1:». conforTod "'p." ".4\1-
olio" from tho " 'Y OOf' I",."om of th. Collogo .f l .... 
oporotiftt Ot • "on- ,..ofl •• el lot,ohonol i,uttt"t'.". ","cI., 
Chott., of tt.. St.t. of C.lifOf", • . Gr.d".t •• 0' •• fi. iDf. 
to to\_ tho CoM." " . St.-. a., bo",i"'otio". 

tow-naments, USD, for the third! 
straight time, raced past the 
Tritons on the strength of a 33-
point perfonnance by sophomore 
Mel Arnerich. In foul trouble 
throughout the contest, UCSD 
trailed only 32-30 at the half, but 
finally succumbed to the 
hot-shooting Arnerich and his 
mates, 114-74. Promoted to the 
varsity after the season began, 
Arnerich enjoyed his finest 
game, connecting on 15 of 18 
attempts. Mark Wilson and Guy 
Dlmonte shared scoring honors; 
for the Tritons with 18 points 
apiece. . 

The loss to USD left the Tritons ' 
with a 6-7 record, which they take 
in to the UC Davis Tournament' 
today and tomorrow. Following 
the Davis tourney UCSD travels 
to Fresno Pacific for a rematch 
Monday, then returns home to · 
host UC Riverside next Saturday. 

All-Cal fencing Set 
The first annual UCSD-San 

Diego State Epee Championships 
will be held tomorrow in the 
UCSD gymnasium. There is no 
entry fee for this fencing com-
petition and it is open to any 
student currently enrolled in a 
college or university as an un-
dergraduate. 

Fencers are required to have 
two working body cords and two 
working epees. Check-in time for 
the meet is 10:30 a .m., and the 
fencing competition will begin 
promptly at 11 a.m. 

Awards will be presented for 
flI'st through $ixth place. Hehns 
Olympic medals will be awarded 
the winners of championship 
rOWld, and first through sixth 
place medals for the consolation 
roWlds. 

If there are any questions they 
can be answered by contacting 
fencing coach Jim White in the 
physical education office, or by 
phone at UCSD ext. 2282, or at 
home, 453-6113. 

Tennis Deadline 
The Physical Education 

Department has designated 
Monday, Jan. 26, as the final day 
for intercollegiate tennis team 
tryouts. Coach Jack Douglass 
and Assistant Coach Tad 
Yamaguchi have been con-
ducting team workouts since the 
beginning of the quarter in 
preparation for the All-Cal 
Tennis Tournament. The All-Cal 
event will be held on the UCSD 
tennis courts Feb. 6 and 7. 

AWSDO Just a Drive 
and Pitch from UCSD 

by Stlvl Oonch. Spons EdiD . 
Duffers, haclters, and slicers talte heed: national attention 

will locus on San Diego, goll capital 01 A merica, this week lor 
the third annual Andy Williams San Diego Open. The tour-
nament will again be played just a drive and a wedge shot 
from the UCSD campus on the Torrey Pines Championship 
goll course, with more than 400 01 the world's greatest gollers 
shooting lor a total purse 01 $165,000. Net proceedslrom the 
Andy Williams San Diego Open are distributed to the San 
Diego County Junior Goll Association and the Salk Institute. 

The tournament will run Monday through Sunday, Jan . 26 to 
Feb. 1. On Monday will be the qualifying round in which hall 01 
the starting lield will be selected - the lirst hall already has 
been determined and invited. On Tuesday and Wednesday a 
celebrity Pro-Am will be played, lollowed by the 72-hole Medal 
Play Championship rounds Thursday through Sunday. ABC 
television will feature live national coverage 01 the linal 
rounds on Saturday and Sunday. 

With 400 professional gollers competing lor '165,000 in prize 
money the Andy Williams San Diego Open is the largest 
tournament In the western United States, with the lifth largest 
golf tournament purse in the country. The celebrity Pro-Am 
segment will match a prolessional and a celebrity with two 
local amateurs. This portion 01 the tournament will leature 
Andy Williams and many 01 his friends Irom TV, motion 
picture and recording studios shooting lor a purse 01 $15,000. 
One 01 Andy's Iriends in his gallery is certain to be his 
beautilul wife, Claudine Longet. 

Following that tournament the pros will tee up to play 72 
holes over the Torrey Pines championship course, which 
measures 6,792 yards. Jack Nicklaus will be pursued by the 
greatest lield 01 prolessional gollers that San Diego's annual 
PGA tournament has ever known, including San Diego's three 
hometown greats - Billy Casper, Gene Littler, and Phil 
Rodgers. Thirty thousand dollars will go to the winner. 

But the real winner is sure to be the Sallt Institute lor 
Biological Studies. Located adjacent to our campus, just 
across Torrey Pines Road, the Salk Institute has long been a 
favorite 01 Andy Williams. Three years ago the San Diego 
Open was considered an "after-thought" tournament, unable 
to attract top professionals into San Diego because it lacked 
the lucrative prize monies ol/ered In Los Angeles, San 
Francisco, l'hoenix, and Las Vegas. Andy Williams, though, 
was impressed with the wide range 01 types and locations 01 
the line goll courses in San Diego County, particularly at 
Torrey Pines. He also was impressed with the medical and 
biological advancements 0/ Dr. Jonas Sallt and his associates 
at the Salk Institute. With the agreement that the Salk In-
stitute be the prime beneficiary 01 net proceeds , Andy 
Williams ol/ered his support and influence to the San Diego· 
Open committee and combined with San Diego to oller a 
guaranteed purse 01 over '150,000, and immediately projected 
San Diego into the galling limelight. 

San Diego had rong claimed the title 01 Goll Capital, U.S.A., 
as the county boasts 66lirst-class golf courses in a wide range 
of types and locations that appeal to all gollers from the 
beginner to the seasoned pro. San Diego's mild climate 
assures top golling conditions on the fairways and greens all 
year 'round. Now, to further support the claim that San Diego 
is the golfer's paradise, Andy Williams has combined with San 
Diegans to promote one of the greatest .loll tournaments in the 
world. The Andy Williams San Diego Open presents a won-
derlul opportunity to assist the very important and worthwhile 
research 01 the Salk Institute and at the same time to see the 
linest golf played anywhere in the world. 

c\ CSIS (E) COLLEGE STUDENT INSURANCE 
SERVICE - (714) 291-4335 . 

UCSD Kickers Close 
To SD County Tifle 

2223 EI Cajon Boulevard, San Diego, Calif_ 
Located in Lafayette Building 

SPECIAL 
STUDENT AUTO INSURANCE 

AN AVERAGE OF 43% SAVINGS ON ALL AUTO INSURANCE 
IS REALIZED BY PARTICIPATING QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

EXAMPLE 
(21 YEAR OLD SINGLE MALE STUDENT SAN DIEGO 
COUNTY. STATE REQUIRED MINIMUM LIMITS OF 

.. LIABILITY.) 
COMPANY "A" .•..••..••..•..••••.•.•.. • 140. YEARLY 
CSIS STUDENT PROGRAM •.••.•...•.•.••...•. 78. YEARLY 

SAVINGS - $62 
EVEN GREATER SAVINGS FOR MARRIED AND 

FEMALE STUDENTS 
• ,,_, GUARANTEED ,_dlos 01 <If .. "" "" ... d 
• Payment "I'" to ftl vnUA ~ 
• NO AddllioNl hob''''f ch_ '''' SPORTS r.ARS 
• NO ME M8E~SH'P FEF ."'ou· .... 
• LlCRnWtI ltV ttlt: Stitt of CtllfOt'ru. Dept of I rtIUf..-

The UCSD Soccer Club ex-
tended its season's record to nine 
wins and no losses with a 9-0 rout 
of winless Southwestern College 
Sunday. The game was never in 
doubt as UCSD jumped out in 
front, 3-0, in the first twelve 
minutes of play on goals by Arch 
Reid, Denis Colacicco, and 
Herbert Diekmann. After 
building an insurmountable lead 
of 7-0 at halftime, the Tritons 
scored two quick goals at the 
start of the second half and 
coasted in for the victory. 

UCSD presented a balanced 
attack with Reid, Colaclcco, 
Diekmann, and Captain Brent 
Thurston-Rogers each scoring. 
two goals. Newcomer Richard 
Boeckl contributed one to 
complete the scoring . The 
shutout was the fourth this season 
by the extremely tough UCSD 
defense, with goalie Louis Huszar 
called upon to make only one 
tough save. 

The club, needing only a single 
tie in Its remaining three games 
to clinch the division cham-
pionship, (aces the strong Pan 
American team next Sunday. 

.I 

FRED GRUNEWALD seems to be smiling over the predicament 
that bis Whittier opponent Is In. Fred went on to pin bis man in 
2:46 of tbis matCh. At 167 pounds, Fred is the Tritons' most 
consistant wrestler with a record of 7-2, including five victories 
by pins. Both of these marks are tops for the team. 

Nads Go As favorites for 'ntramural 
Roundball Title; N. Y. Knicks Rated 4th 

Compiled by L*S*O 
Go Nads, Go Nads, GO N~yes, bf.sketball season is upon us. 

The Nads, supported by Peter (Captain Kane), emerge as the number-
one team in our early season poll and ooze confidence for going all the 
way. . 

Smack, Snow, Gold, Grass, DMT, and Open are the various leagues. 
We are indebted to Tacit John for suggesting these titles-which are 
completely foreign to us. 

Smack and Snow are the two Revelle leagues, and it's anyone 's 
guess who will dominate among the league's twelve teams. One thing 
is for sure : if the Cabrillo Hall boys play basketball the way they drive 
cars, it could be a long season for the Rodents . 

The Muir League (DMT) has only fow- teams, a pitiable showing 
that we don't understand. Something must be wrong if a degenerate 
team like the Meher Baba Legion can lead all other groups in fonning 
a unit. Mrs. Walsh, what are the people,doing in your dorm that would 
take them away from an evening on the hardwood? 

Gold and Grass are the two cross-college leagues. One doesn 't need 
a great deal of insight to guess which is the stronger of the two. Dave 
Arter's But Fakes will get a hard challenge from the Dildos, Jason 
Cathcart's Panthers and Paul Liebow's Weenies. 

A rumor is circulating that the Dildos intend to farm Captain Tom to 
the Nads after he missed four strai';(ht in a scrimmage the other day. 
In the Grass League it appears to be a runaway for the Sugarman 
Shytheads. Unless Dave Stearns loses his headband or Bob Tyce and 
Steve Dorsch kill each other, no one should challenge the Big SS. 

The Open League, where the best basketball should be played, will 
be especially tough with the Cabrones, Rubberbands, Wimps, Devil's 
Advocates, and Panthers battling for the top position. 

Schedules are available now in the intramw-al office, and we wonder 
how many teams will be saying they cannot play on the particular 
evenings assigned to them. Everyone knew that there was a captain's 
meeting on Friday, Jan. 9, to determine scheduling preferences and 
we think the captains at least owe it to their teams to meet their 
responsibilities and attend these meetings. 

L *S*O Top 10 
1. Nads ( ~). This team should be strong since Peter Kane will 

lUIdoubted1y devote more time to coaching than blocking. The broken 
leg may have been a blessing. The Nads will open with a former 
slippery red Dildo (John Grana ) at guard. 

2. But Fakes (~) . They have three good refs on the same club plus 
experience playing with each other. The Panthers, seeking revenge 
from football, should be their toughest opponent. 

3. Phoenix Mutual Life (~). Randy Erickson spends half his life 
watching UCLA basketball and there is no question that his influence 
will rub off. 

4. New York Knicks (40-10). Five mediocre starters with no bench 
strength . If they find a good center .they could move up; otherwise the 
Knicks will drop from the top ten . Ranked fourth on the strength of a 
questionable reputation. 

5. Sugarman Shytheads (~). The Big SS relies heavily on an 
lUIusual source of talent and merits this rating on the strength of its 
pre-season record. Jimmy "The Greek" Snyder made the Shytheads 
even money in their league and commented "this team will go 
places"-but no one seems to know where. 

6. Weenies (~) . This Med School group has height, hands, and a 
sound knowledge of the rules. They open their season against a sound 
Scripps Roundball Association team. 

7. Meher Baba Legion (~). No sunsets to contend with but Coach 
Oberc may get ulcers keeping track of this team's activities in the 
early afternoon. 

8. Toledo Mudhens «()..() . They have a group together and their 
league should be easy. But they will definitely be challenged in the 
playoffs. 

9. Cabrillo Hall (1-0). Disguised as the Purple Gophers during 
football, Slldders, Borth, et. al ., are off to a good start by winning their 
season opener very handily, 61-37. 

10. BOI Dildos (~). This team really stiffened up against the frosh 
and gave them a good run . But, then again , anyone can handle the 
frosh. 

Coed .Swimming Meet Set 
The intercollegiate swinuning 

meet with Lorna Linda 
University, originally scheduled 
for Jan. 28, has been cancelled. 
In its place the Physical 
Education and Intramural 
Departments will combine to 
sponsor an Intr.squad In -
vitational and Intramw-al Swim 
Meet for men and women 

students at 4 p.m. next Friday, 
Jan. 30, in the UCSD natatorium. 

Men 's competition will be held 
at varsity and intramw-al levels, 
and women 's competion will be 
open. 

The deadline for entries is next 
Wednesday, Jan . 28. Sign up as 
soon as possible in the intramural 
office, ext . 2282. 

. clar:k Stars for Tritons 

'Bod Squad Pins Poets, Grabs Tourney Tifle 
. The UCSD bod squad - Liat stands for "Big on 
Determination" - traveled another 500 miles last 
week. But the trips were well worth the effort. The 
wrestlers handed the Whittier College Poets a 24-14 
defeat Wednesday night; then went on to share a 
first-place tie with Cal Tech at the SCIAC in-
vitational Tournament on Satw-day. 

At the end of ow- matches Whittier found they had 
only won one round, even though the ref decided to 
play Samson and Delilah and demanded that some 
of the Tritons have their hair cut before they 
wrestled. The impromptu barber session didn't 
.drain anybody's strength, though, so 118-poWld Ed 
Cabagay pinned his man in 1: 16 and Speedy Correa 
finished his portion off in 6:44. Bob Wilson, 134 
pounds, lost a close one 6-7, but Mike Ditomaso 
found he didn't mind eating a Poet . alive for dinner. 
He won 24-4. 

The Poets had their hopes raised as they closed 
the score to 11-13 after John Gressard, 150, was 
pinned, and 158er Mark Koide lost a decision. But 
the 167-pound grapesquasher, Fred Grunewald, 
squashed more than Whittier's grapes when he 
pinned in 2:46. Jeff Graham followed in the 177 
bracket, winning 4-0, but Joe Prenn, 190, lost 5-0. 

It was heavyweight Howard Clark who pulled the 
sw-prise of the evening and almost landed poor 
Coach Millenbah in the hospital with a case of 
hysterical shock. Clark, who made his debut a 
couple weeks ago, ignored advice about "don't get 
pinned," marched out onto the mat like a veteran, 
and proceeded to pin a Poet in three minutes. 
Though the team almost lost a coach over that 
match, Howard was named wrestler of the week. 

The Tritons entered final round competition at the 
Cal Tech Tow-ney with five men looking for 
championships. 

Calugay met Pomona's Garcia in the 118 division 

and, alter a full eight minutes of the cleanest and 
smoothest wrestling most observers had seen all 
day, the UCSD flea won 18-16. 

Triton rooters didn't have much of a chance to 
rest their already hoarse throats, for Speedy Correa 
was up next against Valencia of La Verne College. 
Speedy wasn't about to settle for a second place and 
he pinned in 7: 59 with not a second to spare. 

At 134 pounds, UCSD's Bob Wilson met Gachwend 
of Cal Tech for the championship and beat him 
handily. 

At this point, with three championships to the 
Tritons' credit, the crowd was beginning to think 
that UCSD had something more than brains, 
strength, and skill on their side. Fred Grunewald 
took a third place in the 167 division , which was 
considered to be the toughest weight bracket in the 
tournament. Sam Allen from Pomona, who won 
that division, was named most outstanding wrestler 
of the tournament. 

At 177 Jeff Graham took a fourth place and at 190 
Joe Prenn lost the championship by just one Point to 
Cal Tech's Beagle. Cal Tech also took the 
heavyweight title. 

Final team scores were: UCSD and Cal Tech, 64 
, points and tied for first place, Pomona, 53 points for 
I third place, Pasadena, fourth with 40 points, Harvey 
I Mudd, 39, Redlands, 24, and La Verne, 12. 

One of the coaches offered to break the Cal Tech i tie by wrestling the Triton team manager . It seems 
that UCSDhas the only coed manager in the league. 
But Coach Millenbah had just enough of a voice left 
to decline the offer and pack up the hardware in a 
hw-ry. The Tritons came home with three cham-
pionships, two seconds, one third, and one fourth . 

Their next meet will be tonight against Biola 
College at Biola. 

TfiE VlliI!AG€ C€uI!AR 
Presents The Fabulous 

C.C. JONES 
has been playing to 
capacity crowds at 

C.C.Jc)NES 

the VILLAGE CELLAR! ___ _ 
Be sure to see this exciting personality, 
his band and his show . .. Mondays, Tuesdays and 
Wednesday . . . 9 JOO and 11 rOO with an_ extra show 
at 12:30 Thursdays, Fridqys and Saturdays .. . . 
DANCING NIGHTLY beginning at 8 pm. No cover 
no minimum. Enjoy a gourmet dinner at the new 
VILLAGE INN ... THEN SEE ONE OF THE GREAT-
EST SHOWS IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA at the 
VILLAGE CELLAR 
(for dinner and show reservations call 453-5500) 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE AT INTERSTATE 5 
Tritln Ti.... JallilrY 23, 1110 , ••• 15 



" M " with Peter Lorre and 
" Metropol is," a science fiction 
masterpiece, will be shown at 7:30 
p.m. in USB 2722. Admission is 50 
cents. 

International Club Dance will be held 
in Revelle Cafe starting at 7: 30. "Hard 
Luck Boy" will play. 

Lorin Hollander, concert pianist, will 
play at 8:30 in Sherwood Hall . 

"Material Stuff Blues Band" will play 
both tonight and Saturday at 9 .m . at 
the Coffee Hut. 

'. saturday 
Saturday, 7 p.m. USB 2722, movies : 
"West Africa, Another Viet Nam?" 
(t he guerrilla struggle for in 
dependent Guinea) and "The War 
Economy" (Dr George Wald speaks 
about the &onomics of war) . 
Donat ion 75c for People's Defense 
Fund 

I 
Tim Hardin concert w i th Seals and 
Croft and Jerry McCann will be held 
in the gym at 8 p.m . Tickets are now 
on sale in tre box off ice for 52. 

sunday 
Creative Workshop's Sunday meeting 
at 1 p .m . will feature a lesson in 
mobile building . Andrew Soutar, a 
profess ional mobile maker and 
worker at Scripps, wi ll give in. 
structlons to all interested students . 
The workshop will be held in the 
Pranc ing Pony, otherwise known as 
the formal lounge or headQuarters for 
Environmental Design Bu(eau behind 
Revelle Cafeteria . Basic supplies w ill 
be provided, although participants 
can bring any specIal materials hey 
Intend to use 

" 8.1/2" by Fellinl will be shown at 
7:30 p .m. in USB 2722. 

Jewish Students Sem inar will be in H L 
Aud . from 10 a.m . to 5 p.m . 

monday 
Political Science Colloquium with 
Prof. Lloyd Rudolph discussing 
"Education and POlitics in India" will 
be held in Conference Room A, 111 
Me. 

tuesday 
Graduate schools admIssion seminars 
will be held ' Tuesday from 6 30 to 8 
p.m on USB 3060 and Wednesday from 
3 to 4.30 p .m . in USB 40SOA. 

Actor, producer , writer and director 
Delmar Daves WIll discuss "The 
Twain Must Meet The Director and 
The Actor " at 7 p .m . in Sumner Aud 

wednlJsda, 

"It Came from Beneath the Sea " will' 
be shown at 9 p.m . in the Coffee Hut. 
At 4 p .m . in Revelle Informal Lounge 
Sidney Goldfarb, Boston poet, will be 
readIng from his ~ork . 

Josh McDowal, traveling represen · 
tat ive for Campus Crusade for Chr ist. 
will speak In USB 3010 at 10 a .m . 
today, Thursday and Friday. 

thursday 
Mr. Silberman, Vice Cha irman of the 
Board of FoOdmaker Corp., and Mr. 
Stan Foster, President of Ratner's 
clothes, will participate in a panel 
discussion WIth two UCSD students on 
"The Responsibilities of the Business 
Community to the General Com · 
munity" at noon in the plaza . The 
discussion will be open to Questions 
from the aUdience, so come and 
participate in a meaningful in . 
teraction with San Diegans. 

William Henry Walsh from University 
of Edinburgh will speak on "Principle 
and Prejudice in Hegel's Philosophy 

. of History " aT 10 a.m . in Revelle In · 
formal Lounge . 

" Exploring the Ocean for Fun and 
Profit" will be the subject of George 
Shor's lecture at 4: 15 p .m. in HL Aud . 
Revelle Language Lounge will be the 
sIte of Miss Jane Robbins' talk at 9 
p.m on " What Choice Do You Have?" 
presented by the UCSD Christ ian 
Science Organization . 

friday 
" Blow Up" will be shown in USB 2722 
at 7.30 p.m . Admiss ion is SO cents. 

" The Rush " will play at the Coffee 
Hut. 

1 p .m. to 2 p .m . classes have been 
asked by RCCA to be reschedulid for 
the purpose of staging the Revelle 
College Meeting In the gym . For those 
who have a deep visceral reaction to 
magn ificent events, we heartily urge 
you to attend . Among those asked to 
do eight minute sets are Chancellor 
McGill, Jeff Beniamln , Provost 
Sallman and other celebrities . 

THE ASSOCIATED STUDENTS PRESENT 

TIM HARDIN 
IN CONCERT 

Saturday January 24 
8:00 p.m. Gym 

AS1JCSD StudlJnts $2.00 

TICKETS AT UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 

HARD LUCK BOY 
Fridav Januarv 23 8:30 

Revelle Cafeteria 
p .m. 

Pigi 1. Triton Times Juulry 23 . 1970 

plus 

Friday Night 

at the Movies 

'METROPOLIS .. 
Science Fiction 

'M' 
with PETER LD,iRE 

USB 2722 
7:30 

COFFEE HUT 
Wed . J_In . 28 

9:00 p.m. 

'It CanlJ From 
Beneath thlJ Sea 

15C Hot Oogs 

FridlY Ind SaturdlY 

BARREL HOUSE. 
BLUES BAND 

9 :00 p .m. 

Representatives from Garret 
Research, V ista, Hughes Aircraft and 
Brown University w ill be In terv iew ing 
in the Career Placement Center, Bldg . 
2SOMC during January . Make an 
appointment. 

Information on Graduate and 
Professional Admiss ions Test Dates is 
ava ilable in the Student Activities 
Office, Bldg . 2SOMC. 

Th is week, through Friday, the World 
Federalist Youth table in Revelle 
Plaza will carry petitions to lower the 
voting age in California to 18. You 
must be a registered voter of San 
Diego to sign . 

There will be two series of Encounter 
Groups offered to students and faculty 
starting during the week of Feb . 16 : 
groups meeting once a week for ten 
weeks and groups meeting twice a 
week for five weeks . A registration fee 
of 510 will be charged . For further 
information or slgnup, call ext. 2401 
between 10a.m . and 1 p .m . on Monday 
or Tuesday . 

recre.tion-
Swimming vs . Loma Linda UCSD 
Pool 3:30 p.m . Wed ., Jan . 28. 

Fencing vs U .C. Irvine UCSD Gym . 7 
p .m . Thursday, Jan . 29. 

BaSketball vs . U.c. Riverside UCSD 
gym . 6 and 8 p .m . Saturday,. Jan . 31. 

Wrestling vs . LaVerne UCSD Gym 2 
p.m Saturday Jan . 31. 

Tennis Team Tryouts - last day is 
Monday, Jan. 26. 

Fencing - 1st Annual Epee In . 
vitational UCSD Gym . 11 a .m . 
Saturday, Jan . 24. Contact Jim White 
ext. 2282 to compete. 

clubs 
Alpha Sigma Phi - Wednesdays -
6:30 p .m . - USB 3060 

IS ACCEPTING OUR 

PRESENT SITUATION 

THE ONLY CHOICE 

WE HAVE? 

HEAR 

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE LECTURE: 

'WHAT CHOICE DO YOU HAVE?' 

Thurs. Jan. 29 9:00 P.M. 
Language Lounge 

Black Students Council - Wed · 
nesdays - 7 p .m . 2E3 902 

Christian Science Organ ization -
Mondays -7 p .m . - Informal Lounge 

Russian Club - Thur~days .. 7 p.m . 
Language Lounge 

Bridge Club - Sundays - 7 p .m . -
Pump House Annex 

SIMS - Thursdays - 8 p .m . - USB 
3070 - Introductory Lecture 

Surf Club - Thursday Jan . 29 - 7 
p .m . - USB 3030A 

Triqent Christian Fellowship -
Mondays - Weekly Lecture "Con . 
temporary Religious Thought" 8 p.m . 
2A 2113 - Tuesdays - Question and 
Answer - 8:30 p .m . - 8854 Knot · 
lingham Place, La Jolla - ThurSdays 
- Weekly Lecture "The Christian 
Philosophy of History" - 8:30 p.m.-
USB 2722 

UCSD Bagpipe Band - Mondays - 7 
p.m . - 2A 2101 

S.D S. - Tuesdays - 7:30 p.m . - USB 
4OSOA 

1966 Bridgeston 90cc motor-
cycle for sale. 9000 miles. 9 
horsepower. $175.000. Call 
755-1882 anytime before mid-
night. 

Student to live in. Room ;wi 
board in exchange for light 
wah. Near campus. 453-6119. 

1960 Jaguar MK n. Needs tim-
ing chain. $325. 279-1812. 

KSDT HAPPY HOUR 9pm-2am 
Monday nights. Listen!!! 

Light housekeeping in exchange 
for paneled room and bath, pri-
vate entrance. 3927 Apascudero 
Dr. 224-1088. 

The quote for the week is : 
"Sure I love you for your mind" 
(anonymous) . 

FLIGHTS 1910 
LARGEST SELECTION: TO & WITHIN EUROPE, AFRICA, ASIA, 
SOVIET UNION. SPRING- SUMMER STILL OPEN. ALL OTHER 
TICKETS, TOO. OLDEST ACADEMIC ASSOC.: EASC, 323 N. 
BEVERLY DR., BEVERLY HILLS, CALIF. 90210, (213) 276-6293 


