
Volume 9, Number 6 February 13, 1970 

triton 
ti 

University of California, San DiegO' 

Student Group 
Levels Cha rges 
Against Cafeteria 

SamWUson 
Staff Writer 

An ad hoc student committee this week has leveled charges against 
Hi Continental Corperation concerning alleged unsafe working con-
ditions, understaffing and overburdening of employees, poor wages, 
and unethical employment practices. The Campus Worker-Student 
Alliance publicized its charges through circulars distributed to about 
3000 on the Muir and Revelle Campuses. 

The allegations came in the midst of the company's laying off of a 
large number of student employees. Cafeteria officials claim the 
layoff is the outcome of intentional temporary overstaffing of the new 
Muir facilities, aimed at maintaining a reasonable level of operation 
until its staff can learn to function . 

Hazardous Working Conditions 
The committee has specifically criticized the absence of rubber 

mats on the slippery kitchen floor, a factor to which they attribute at 
least two serious accidents and several minor ones. They also charge 
the cafeteria with having been derelict in its responsibility for 
repairing defective equipment. 

Accusations were also made concerning the firing of a student 
employee because of her involvement in SDS and managerial 
questioning of students involved in handing out the CWSA circular. 

Further complaints were voiced concerning the Hi Continental 
policy of not employing "long hairs" and the use of cheap student 
labor to allegedly keep full-time workers' wages depressed. 

Lapetina Counters Criticism 

This is a mere sampling 
of the visual treat 1n store 
for you at the Dimensions 
of Black art show. The 
show will begin February 
15 at the La. Jolla Museum 
of Art. STORY PAGE 8 

Museum and Laboratories of 
Ethnic Arts and Technology 

John Lapetina, food services director, responded to charges in an 
interview with the TIMES. While acknowledging the validity of 
complaints about the lack of safety mats, he denied that the accidents 
cited by the committee resulted from the lack of mats . This was, 
however, according to Lapetina, the only legitimate issue raised. He 
denied alleged unfair employment practices. He claimed that there 
was no foundation to the accusation that Hi Continental "makes 
money if it doesn't have to foot the cost for safe working conditions," 
claiming that the company is. fully insured for accidents, has 
arrangements with health service facilities, and is served by full time 
university repairmen. Lapetina defended his stand on "long hairs" 
with sanitary requirements as the justification. 

Third College Decision Likely 
At Upcoming Regents Meeting 

In an interview with the TIMES university Business Manager Bill 
Bosari aclmowledged a common responsibility between the university 
administration and Hi Continental Corporation for any negligence in 
the maintenance of safe working conditions in the cafeterias. (The 
unviersity supplies and maintains the cafeteria equipment as per the 
private concern's requests.) Bosar! claimed that mats would be ob-
tained for appropriate locations in the Revelle Cafeteria as soon as 
possible. His office will investigate other accusations. 

Hiring Practices Scrutiniz9d 
University involvement in the company's employment practices is 

not as definite. Hi Continental must, under contract, pay students the 
university minimum hourly wage (2.02) which is some 35 cents above 
the federal minimum wage, and must hire as many students as 
possible. Again under contract, it may not discriminate in hiring. 
There are no specific restrictions on using politics as a criterion for 
hiring. Lapetina claims that political stance is not at all used as a basis 
for determining employment eligibility. He also denies any knowledge 
of the alleged questioning of student employees by cafeteria 
managers. . 

About 30 members of CWSA, in a meeting Wednesday night, cited a 
desire to increase profit margins as the stimulus for Hi Continental's 
aUeged practices. Hi Continental is a division of Service Systems, 
which is a subsidiary of the large conglomerate Del Monte. It was 
emphasized by several members of the committee, some of whom are 
also members of SDS, that an increased awareness of the negative 
manifestations of conglomerates on a local level should make students 
and workers more conscious of the more far-reaching and serious 
problems associated with the conglomerates' effects on th world in 
general. 

Raoul Contreras 
Staff Writer 

During an intermission in next week's tuition-
anti-tuition slug-out, a Regental decision on Third 
College's academic plan is expected. 

Third College planners are generally optimistic 
about a positive decision by thr. Regents. Third 
College provost Frazer says, "There isn't anything 
I expect trouble in . . . I would be surprised by a 
further deferral in the plan." Frazer based his 
opinion on the favorable responses (toward the 
minority college's development) by the twelve 
Regents who have visited the campus during the 
school year . 

Questioned about the effect of recent troubles in 
the black studies program at UC Riverside , Frazer 
said, " The Regents who have looked at it closely 
realize the great distinction between Third College 
and black studies . One thing makes us far 
ahead ... We long ago coped with the problem of 
student governance .. . and it's working. It's been a 
thorny issue in all other programs." 

The provost acknowledged that, because work is 
still continuing on the proposal for a variance in 
admi sions pro edures. the most controversial 
aspect of the academic plan will not be discus' d by 
the R gents at th ir Feb. 20 meeting. A tentative 
admissions plan has been informally present d to 
th statewide UC Board of Admissions. Their 
opinion was gen rally favorable, but th y 
questioned a section which pecified th percenta e 
of Third ollege students who would be admitted at 
lower than regular standards. According to Fraz r 

the Third College Planning Committee has now 
returned to the original idea of all Third College 
applicants being judged by BMPA (a method which 
combines test scores and grades with potential and 
motivation), and they will try and work out a 
variance which will be acceptable to the Regents . 

In general , Chancellor McGill ' forecast for the 
Regents meeting coincided with the provost's. The 
chancellor, who will present the plan to the Regents' 
Committee on Educational Policy, also expects 
approval of the plan. However, he said, " It won't be 
an easy matter .. . We won 't get it without smoke 
and fire ." McGill said the univer ity delegation to 
the Regents ' meeting has organized a special in-
forming session for the Regents who haven 't visited 
the campus and are unfamiliar with the Third 
College plan . He feels that part of their job will be to 
show that Third College i not just a lack studie 
program. 

McGill also approved of and felt n,'c ssary the 
eparation of the admi -ions pr edw'e from the 

acad mic plan . "I'm damn glad th admissions 
pro edure was put off ... There is a limit to radical 
departure .. . without backlash . .. W can 
operat for two years witho h .. "d.-n ' :: ;'I' p! .. :i . ' 

cknowledgin the importan of admi ion 
varianc to th overall goals ci Thll'd College ' 
a ademic plan h fee it n ar to r move 
om £ the keptici m about Third olle e' oal . 

H fe I thi can be a compli hoo!f Third olle e 
stabhshe orne acad mi re ctabilit befor 

th innovative measur i b ught to th Regen . 



Politics faces Li~eral C~allenge· 
by Plul Emus 

In what may devek.p as one of the most bruising 
~ampaigns in this year's statewide primary, Max 

fferty's key post of state superintendent of public 
nstruction was challenged Tuesday by Dr. Julian 
'ava, a Mexican-American history professor at San 
ernando Valley State College and member of the 

1,.A. Board of Education. 
Nava attacked the incumbant's "eight year 

ducational bureaucracy" as camouflaged by the 3 
t's (Rafferty's Rampant Rhetoric), and as 
marked by ineptness, insensitivity and 
rrogance. " 
He said that if elected, and thus automatically 

-nade a Regent of UC, he would oppose tuition, 
cause " in the long run it 's counterproductive." 

"hose who receive a good free education, he 
laimed, return the cost to the state "10 times 

Jver " because they are able to earn more. N~va also declared that " there is communism in 
' he world," and ways must be found to teach 
"tudents about " the seductive overtures of com-

unism," but avoided saying whether he believes 
ofessor Angela Davis should be kept on UC's 

)ayroll . 
Rafferty has yet to say whether he will seek a 

third term. 
In another crucial democratic primary cam-

paign, Rep. George Brown formally entered the 
race this Monday, starting what appears will be 
another McCarthy-Kennedy style race against Rep. 
John Tunney for the U.S. Senate . The seat is now 
held by Republican incumbent George Murphy, who 
announced he will seek a second term. 

Senator McCarthy came out in support of Brown 
last month, while Tunney has all the Kennedy 
marks of style (Boston accent, private plane, and 
all ). 

Assor.. N.ws Editor 
Dr. S. 1. Hayakawa conceded he had been 

strongly tempted to run for either the U.S. Senate or 
state superintendent of public instruction, but 
declined to run last month, saying he can ac-
complish more by "fighting for academic freedom 
in the arena of education." 

Brown described his campaign style as "very 
simple, demagogic," which is the use of political 
rhetoric "to excite, to motivate , to energize people" 
toward a political goal. 

"Political demagogery, I truly believe, is the best 
way to campaign," he said. "I may not be suc-
cessful, but I'm sure going to try ." 

Brown, whose career in Sacramento as an 
assemblyman has been marked by a left-liberal 
voting record, said Tunney generally is considered 
more conservative on issues. 

Long a critic of the Viet Nam War, Brown sum-
marized his position Monday by saying the United 
States, while withdrawing troops, "should withdraw 
political support for the Saigon government and 
seek more representative government for South 
Viet Nam." 

Summarizing his campaign issues, he said he will 
"seek to restore power to the citizens, to reverse the 
false power of overmilitarization of our nation, to 
provide jobs for all and a basic income for all, to end 
racism in California and the nation, and to use the 
scientific and technological skiDs we now possess to 
make sure that we don't destroy the earth we live 
on. " 

Tunney has expressed, through news releases this 
month, his support of the Viet Nam moratorium, 
anti-pollution drives , and has proposed a tuition bill 
" to provide tax credits to parents and student 
burdened with the heavy expenses of college 
education. " 

DISPATCH NEWS SERVICE ~ • Internationally Outlawed Bullets Used by AIIenean PoI,ee 
WASHINGTON, Jan. 7 (DN-

S)-Hundreds of American police 
departments and some Federal 
agencies have quietly approved 
the stocking and use of dum.oum 
bullets, a survey of law en-
forcement agencies showed 
today. These high-velocity, 38-
caliber hollow-point bullets have 
been outlawed for use in in-
ternational warfare for more 
than half a century. 

Lee Jurras, president of the 
Super-Vel Cartridge Corporation 
of Shel15yville, Indiana, a firm 
which manufactures the bullets, 
estimated in an interview that 45 
per cent of all law enforcement 
agencies in the country are 
stocking dum-dums. Jurras 

But darling ... 
it's TWO for the 

price of ONE at 
the Bratskellar 

this week! 

added that, since 1967, the U.S. 
Treasury Department, Secret 
Service, Bureau of Narcotics, 
and the White House Police have 
been purchasing hollow-point 
ammunition. 

Police in Miami, Kansas City, 
Tucson, St. Louis, and Nashville, 
and sheriff's departments in Los 
Angeles County and King County 
(Seattle), among many others, 
have acknowledged using dum-
dum bullets. 

The bullet takes its name from 
the old British Dum·Dum Arsenal 
in Calcutta, India . It has a cop-
per-jacketed base and a soft, 
hollowed nose. The impact of the 
bullet causes the lead to collapse 
over the jacket, with an explosive 

Don't fooL around toO long! Bring this ad, 
your ltudem LD. a nd your date to the 
Brat kellar. You pay for your entree and 
w e ' ll pay for your date 's. Offer expires 
february 23, 1970. 

bcatahellnc t 
1250 Pro peet Plaza, La Jolla . 

PI" 2 Triton Ti .... Febru.ry 13,1970 

effect on the victim. 
Use of the dum.oum has been 

classified as a war crime by a 
number of international con-
ventions, including the Hague 
Declaration of 1907 signed by the 
United States. Police point out, 
however, that international 
agreements do not apply inside 
the United States. There are no 
domestic laws governing police 
ammunition. 

Lt. Joseph Mackie of the King 
County Sheriff 's Department 
responded to the survey by in-
cluding his official report on a 
range test of hollow point bullets. 
"There is no real problem," the 
report said. "Hollow points are 
not illegal. When we consider we 
are carrying a shotgun capable of 
tearing off a limb or disem-
boweling a person with one shot, 
it seems ra ther ridiculous to have 
qualms about the fact that there 
is a hole in the end of a pistol 
bullet." 

Dum.oums came into police 
service not as a special riot 
measure, but from long"'ltanding 
police dissatisfaction with the 
standard .38-ealiber bullet. That 
bullet's high penetration velocity 
makes it a threat to others 
beyond the intended target. The 
mushrooming dum.oum usually 
stays inside the victim. 

Individual police officers have 
long been altering regulation 
bullets, clipping or notching them 
so that they shatter or expand 
upon contact. This was done at 
great. sacrifice in range and 
accuracy until 1963, when Super-
Vel, then a small Midwestern 
arms firm , began making fac-
tory -s tandard dum-dums 
available to police. 

"This is a touchy subject," 
explained Super-Vel's Lee 
Jurras, who developed the 
special bullet. "A lot of minority 
groups might object. We like to 
keep the discussion within law 
enforcement circles. 

"The hollow-point bullet has a 
low ricochet factor which 
minimizes danger to innocent 
bystanders ," Jurras added. 
"Range tests in pOlice depart-
ments around the country bear 
this out. We are providing a 
needed service with the hollow 
point. After all , a poUceman 
should only draw a gun when it is 
necessary , and then his weapon 
should be as effective as 
possible ." 

Ginsberg in Chicago 
The Feb . 12 issue of The New York Review of Books has a 

very revealing article on the Chicago Conspiracy Trial. It 
centers on the testimony of Allen Ginsberg, and contains 
several pages of actual transcript. His testimony was con-
sidered important because he was in " a position to talk not 
simply about what he had seen in Chicago but about the in-
tentions of Abbie Hoffman and Jerry Rubin as far back as 
February 1968, when the plan to stage a 'Festival of Life' .. 
. had been discussed." The transript reveals much about the 
tempers and personalities of Judge Hoffman. Ginsberg (who 
chanted "aum" to try to calm things down), and 'both the 
defense and prosecuting attorneys. 

Indian (Lack of) Power 
The February Ramparts features an article on the 

American Indians' present struggle to preserve their cultures, 
and includes an explanation of the occupation of Alcatraz. (It 
has become a " mecca, a sort of red man 's Selma. ") The In· 
dians have the highest infant mortality rate in the country : 
" One out of every four babies dies before reaching his first 
birthday." Water is another 'problem for the Indians ; can· 
taminated water is used in 40 per cent of the homes. Income is 
the lowest of any group in the country. The government isn't 
helping the Indians at all : " The paternalism of the BIA 
(Bureau of Indian Affairs), endless and debilitating , is 
calculated to keep the Indian in a state of perpetual 
juvenilization, without rights, dependent upon the meager and 
capricious beneficence of power. " 

Cuts in Military Training 
An amendment attached to the foreign aid authorization bill 

s igned by President Nixon late last year will cut our foreign 
military training program by 43 per cent over the next two 
years. (Under this program the United States currently trains 
thousands of foreign soldiers each year.) The amendment, 
sponsored by Sen . J . William Fulbright, limits the number of 
foreign military personnel to be trained in the United States 
under these grant aid provisions in anyone year to the number 
of civilians who studied in the United States the previous year 
under the Mutual Cultural and Educational Exchange Act (the 
Fulbright program). Fulbright 's argument is that the United 
States s hould educate at least as many civilians, who can form 
the backbone of a government and an economic system. as it 
does ca reer soldiers. who frequently become strong men in 
militarist regimes . 

Seattle Panthers 
Seattle Ma yor Wes Uhlman disclosed Sunday that a federal 

agency. the Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms Tax Unit of the 
Internal Revenue Service. had proposed a joint raid against 
Seattle Black Panther headquarters with city participation in 
the raid. but that he had turned down the proposal. He claimed 
that he didn 't want to popularize the Panthers' cause. and that 
such raids smack of " Gestapo·type" tactics. Uhlman is under 
considerable public pressure because of 18 unsolved terrorist 
bombings in Seattle over the last seven months. "The easy· 
answer thinkers say we can eliminate the bombings by 
eliminating the Panthers." Uhlman said. " We've been taking 
a lot of pressure to act precipitously but we 're going to 
withstand the pressure and do it the right way. " 

Marijuana Studies 
Two reports were released last week on the effects of 

marijuana. one by the government (the National Institutes of 
Mental Health) and the other by a UCLA research team. Both 
studies show that pot isn't altogether safe. The NIMH evidence 
shows that marijuana interferes with the thinking process and 
recent memory. weakens concentration , and "subtly" retards 
speech. The UCLA team reports that chronic usage causes 
changes in personality, such as apathy; diminished ability to 
concentrate ; impaired skill at communicating with others; 
fragmentation in flow of thought and loss of insight. However. 
both groups support the bill now pending in Congress to 
declassify pot as a narcotic anp soften the penalties for 
possession. Dr. Louis J. West of the UCLA team predicts that 
the law will eventually allow legal use of marijuana, not 
because of concern about the harm done by present laws. but 
because of the realization that vast amounts of potential tax 
revenues are not being harvested . 

Draft Lottery Suit 
On Monday se~Jln young Californians filed suit in U.S. 

District Court to nave the Dec. 1 draft lottery declared un-
constitutional because of alleged bias . Their petition. asking 
for a new lottery, claims that the procedure used in preparing 
capsules for the drawing did not result in "an equitable and 
impartial random selection sequence " in accord with Nixon 's 
No v. 26 proclamation. The Buit says that the class action was 
brought on behalf of all those who received numbers of 122 or 
less in the lottery and whose birthdays fall in the months of 
September, October, November or December. It contends that 
the method of selecting the capsules denied the men their 
rights to due process of law under the Fifth Amendment. The 
defendants are Gen . Lewis B. Hershey, retiring national 
Selective Service director ; and Carlos C. Ogden. California 
Selective Service director . 

Among those speaking at the Tuition Convocation (1. to r.) IrWUI Davidson. Harold Urey. and Jim Hurst • 
, 

Doctor Urey Deplores Tight 
Funds for Education at Rally 

Jim Sills the San Diego Emergency Irwin Davidson of BSC quoted 
Staff Writer Committee to Stop Tuition in Gov. Reagan as saying that all 

" It puzzles me. We live iil the collecting petition signatures in EOP students ( those receiving 
richest state in the richest the San Diego community. state financial assistance ) should 
country in the world. Still, we go to junior colleges. Davidson 
seem less willing to spend money Mexican-Americans asserted that "black people need 
on the thing which has made that more than just the vocational 
wealth possible: education." This Lor e n z 0 Her nan d e z , training provided by junior 
remark by Dr. Harold Urey representing MECHA, indicated colleges." 
summed up the arguments of that tuition would "ward off 
speakers at a tuition rally held on Mexican-Americans who would 
Revelle Plaza last Wednesday. be unwilling, or unable, to take 

Urey Notes Contrast 

Liquor Law Stands Fast 
AS Free Distribution OK 

Roger Show ley 
News Editor 

The AS ha J:Vl access to the present laws prohibiting the ale of 
liquor on campus, Upper Division Senator Jim Magill told the Senate 
this week. The only possibility is the change of state laws, which he 
said is unlikely at present. Nevertheless. there is no law against the 
free distribution of liquor by the AS. "We can give away as much beer 
as we want, " he deClared. 

Participation by students on the UC PreSIdent's SelectIOn Com-
mittee for a new chancellor has been assured by Presiden t Hitch. AS 
President Jeff Benjamin said that, besides the four UCSD faculty 
members and one professor each from UC Berkeley and UCLA, the AS 
hopes to provide four students- including graduate students- for the 
committee. 

The AS is urging the Architects and Engineers Office to install stop 
signs and paint in a crosswalk at the footbridge between the Revelle 
and Matthews Campuses. Dean Murphy is currently worklDg on this 
project. Meanwhile A & E has yet to build a temporary walkway at 
Muir, where students last quarter complained of the muddy conditions 
on the unfinished campus. 

A general Inlormatlon center for students and other university 
personnel will begin operations on Monday in 250 MC. The AS is 
providing funds for the service, which will gather all information 
pertaining to student services and activities. Open until 10 p.m., the 
center hopes to obtain the telephone number 453·INFO. 

AS Senate meetings are held in Dean Naibert 's office, 250 MC, 
Tuesdays at 9 p.m. All interested students are invited to attend. 

Muir Council 
The Muir College Council was unable to take any formal action 

because the required number of members were not present. However, 
Perhaps the most warmly the two hours was well spent in informal discussion. 

received speaker was Dr. Harold The naming of the new Muir buildings was discussed and was 
Attended by about 700 persons, out big loans. The university is a 

the rally was given official place for the Mexican-American 
sanction when Chancellor McGill to gain the educational tools to 
cancelled noon classes. make progress. II . 

In opening the rally, ASUCSD Prof. Wayne Vernon, of the 
President Jeff Benjamin stressed Committee to Stop Tuition, 
that the Regents' Feb. 20 decision decried student apathy on the 
on tuition is still in the balance. issue. He said that " the par-
"At the present time Governor ticipation of community groups, 
Reagan only has about 10 votes (3 labor, minorities, Democrats, in 
short of a majority ) for his tuition the fight against tuition has 
plan. The decision rests with the finally shamed students into 
'swing Regents' who have not yet doing something." He was also 
made up their minds." To in- at pains to emphasize the "very 
fluence these Regents, Benjamin real effect letters and other 
called on students to write letters communications will have on the 
to the Regents and to work with Regents. II 

McGill Appoints Four to 
Executive Committee 

Roger Show ley 
News Editor 

The interregnum between the 
departure of Chancellor William 
J. McGill to Columbia University 
and the installation of his 
replacement took definite shape 
this week when lhe Chancellor 's 
Advisory Council agreed to set up 
an executive committee to deal 
with substantial problems as they 
arise in the next few months. 

the Medical School have " their 
special problems" that must be 
dealt with by a campus-wide 
group. 

McGill hopes to install a 
replacement for himself within 
sufficient time to allow him to 
leave by the end of July or 
August. He will fly to New York 
in mid-March to confer with 
President Cordier, and, until he 
officially takes over next Fall, he 
will be continually briefed on 

goings~n at Columbia. 

Urey, UCSD's famed lunar ex- decided that a committee of students shoudl be created to r~cornmend 
pert. Urey contrasted the attitude names. 
of his turn~f-the-eentury home in The question of the college's responsibility for enforcing state and 
Indiana ("the best building in our city laws in the residence halls, especially drinking by those under 21 
town was the red school house I was raised. The present Muir ruling states that no drinking is allowed 
attended") with the current in the residence halls. The reasoning behind the ruling is that the 
attitude toward education in majority of the students living in the halls are not 21 , and that there 
California ("all those taxpayers are not appropriate facilities to keep alcoholic beverages. 
moaning over the 20 dollars per Provost Stewart recommended that a study group by formed to 
capita that supports the research all aspects of dropping general education requirements in 
University of California"). Urey particular the language requirement. Stewart said the group shduld 
concluded that, Uthe premise of submit its findings no later than early May of this year. 
education is that the older Stewart also announced that Professor Benamou's proposal for the 
generation has something of language requirement is now in effect. having been accepted by the 
value to teach to the new faculty. 
generation. The proponents of ,--....;...----------------------....., 
tuition seem to have some doubts 
about that ." 

News Ana lysis 

If the drive against tuition is to 
succeed, it must gain a wide base 
of support. Gov. Reagan expects 
the opposition of students, labor, 
and minorities, no matter what 
he does. This is the same 
coalition of forces he defeated to 
become governor in 1966. Make 
no mistake, the governor has the 
votes for tuition if he wants them. 
In this election year the governor 
will only change his mind if some 
of the conservatives and 
moderates who supported him in 
1966 voice opposition to tuition. 

The Rolling Stones + 

Jean-Luc Godard + 

The Revolution = 
Sympathy For The Devil 

February 21.22 .23 
Shows at 12,2 ,4,6,8,10 

USB 2722 
tickets $2 .00 

for info 453-200u 
ext 1016 

CAL JET CHARTERS 

McGill, who announced his 
acceptance of the Columbia offer 
last week, made four ap· 
pointments to the Executive 
Committee Monday with the· 
consent of his council , which is 
made up of the deans and 
provosts at UCSD. The "second 
in command" are Vice-
Chancellor and Dean of Student 
Affairs George Murphy; Dean of 
Graduate Studies Herbert York 
(UCSD's first chancellor from 
1961 to 1964); William Nieren-
berg, director of Scripps; and 
Clifford Grobstein, head of the 
Medical School. 

"THE ONLY WAY TO fLY" ·EUROPE 1970 

" Pushing McGill aside doesll't 
imply that there is a vacuum on 
campus," the chancellor said. 
" My leaving for Columbia 
naturally diminishes my 
authority to make long range 
plans. Everybody knows that, 
including the Regents. But I 
expect to be doing my job 
fulltime and I am not establishing 
this group as a substitute for 
me." . 

The committee will be coo-
sulted on all important matters, 
McGill said, especially as they 
relate to Third College and next 
year's planning. 

The provosts were excluded 
{rom the committee, he ex-
plained, because Revelle and 
Muir College Bre closely tied to 
the campus, while Scripps and 

BE A 

WESTERN AIRLINES 
STEWARDESS 

TRAINING CLASSES 
AVAILABLE 

-NOW-
Campus Interviews 

FEBRUARY 24 
See the 

for 
placement office 

appointment. 

ElfUl1 Opportunity E"'ploy.r 

NO MEM8EIISH" OR REG.STRATION "IU RttQU'RIO 
~n~1 be '", ..... b~ lo_r IIrIC .. - "". wltll CMlr reUa ••• ella"'r ,roup. 

Iny.ft •• t. "nt. Don'" u~I" out at tIM ... t m'nute." 
ALL I"UGHTS VIA TRANS .NTIUINATtONAL AIRWAYS 0" 
SATURN A."WAVS DC·. SUllttR ..... TS WITH COMIILlMttHTAIltV 
MIIALS AND eIlVI:RAGIiS. 

r IiChtl A .. I"'bt. II 01 Jln 1. 1970 

SPllrlG fLU:Hr 
No. ~61 - OA~lANO/lONooN (0 ... WI,) 

Mlrch U.~.~~....... .. ........ .. ....................................................... .... '145 
SUMMER FLIGHTS 

No. 532 - LOSANGElES/ AMSTUOAM (Round trip) 
JUNE 30- AUGUSTH ................................................................... ·299 

No. 533 - 0AKLANO/ AMSTEROAM (RoundTrip) 
JUrlE 1~- SE"TEM8EII' ............................................................ ·289 

No. 534 -lOSANllElES/lONOON (Round Trip) 
JUNE 15 - SEPTEMBER 7 ........................................................... ·2~ 

No. 4000 - OAKlANDI AM $TERDAM (Round Trip) 
JUNEI6 - SEPTEM8IIt7 ............... _ ............................................ '289 

rio. 535 - 0AKLANO/ AMSTEROAM(Round Trip) • 
JUNE 17 - SecoIem ..... lt ............................................................... 2" 

No. 536 - NEWYORltlLONooN (RoundTrip) 
JUNEII-SEPTEMIIEU ............................................................ 199 

No. 537 _ lOSANCElU/ AMSTERDAM (RoundTrip) 
JUNE24 - SEPTEMIIER2 ........................................ .... _ ............. ·299 

No. 4001 - - OAKLAND/ lONOON/ AMSTERDAM/ OAKLAND 
JUNE 1 t - SEPTEMBER 21 ........................................................... ·20 

No. 4oo5 - 0AKlAND/ AMST£l!OAM(Round Trip) 
JUlYZ - AUGUST10 .................................................................... 299 

No 541 - OA~LAND/AMSTEROA"" ("""",,Trip) 
JULY 4 - AUGUST 15 ......................................... _ ............................ 299 

No. 5"-- OAKLAND/AMSTEltDAM (RoundTrip) 
JUNE24-~UST24 ................................... = .................... : 

No. 4ooJ- OA~LAND/lOS ANCElES/ .... STERD .. "" (RoundTrip) 
JUlU. - AUGUST 27 ...................................... ............. _ ............ 299 

No. 4004- 0NEW .. Y-OAKUND/ AIISTUDAM 
JUNE 23 ............... FOII Am.ICATlONSAND ....................... _ ........... ·111 

FURTlIER INfOn .. lION 
RESllUC' D TDSIUO(NIS fACUlTY EM Om~ANO SlArr 

WRITE AND THEIR IMMEDlAl[ fAMI LI ES 011 PHONE 
CAL JET CH ARTEM . (415)'22·143<1 
2150 GREEN STIIEET (ellerS and _endt) 
San Franc:itcO. CalM." 123' 

CHARTtltS T~~!~&~~~~?ll~ AFRICA 

Triton Tines Felll1llry 13. 1110 PI" 3 



..... 1 t.. ue ... , .... 
Lort·aine Evernham 

Staff Writer 
Black Studies Dissolved 

DATELINE : RIVERSIDE--
Chancellor Ivan Hinderaker announced the 

dissolution of Riverside's black studies department 
last Wednesday, before an emergency meeting of 
the Academic Senate. 

The Chancellor's decision stemmed from the 
"forced" resignation of the black studies' only full-
time professor, Maurice Jackson. Jackson resigned 
last Wednesday, reportedly because of BSU 
pressure to allow that organization greater policy 
control. BSU denied exerting any pressure on 
Jackson_ 

However, in December, the BSU demanded 
$100,000 for "Operation Liberation," which would 
finance recruiting and full expense grants at UCR 
for 450 black students. Admission of these students 
would be left to the discretion of the BSU. 

Conflict between Hinderaker and the BSU also 
resulted from a dispute over the assignment of a 
classroom for a black studies art class which was 
deemed "unsatisfactory " by the BSU. The class 
demonstrated its objectiol)s by marching on the 
administration building. 

Although all black studies courses will continue, 
the BSU has demanded that the department be 
reinstated with one representative each from the 
students, faculty and community leaders to direct 
department affairs . 

In his statement to the emergency faculty 
meeting Feb. 4, Ch8l}cellor Hinderaker said that the 
basic issue in the dispute is "Who runs the 
university?" He also said that the goal of 
"Operation Liberation" is to transfer University 
authority to student control. He stated that although 
this is the pattern on most college campuses today , 
"it will not be the pattern here (UCR). Not , at least, 
as long as I remain chancellor ". 

Recruiters Blocked 
DATELINE : IRVINE--
One hundred students at UCI succeeded last 

Wednesday in forcing two General ~Iectric 
recruiters off campus. Students marched into the 
room where GE recrui ters were attempting to 
carr y out their business, chanting "War maker , 
strike breaker, block GE ." 

When asked to leave by Dean Lawrence, the 
students refused. Vice Chancellor Hoy came in and 
made the same request soon after . The group was 
asked by SDS leader Dave Heskett if they wanted to 
leave. They did not. 

Vice Chancellor Hoy then attempted to get the ' 
names of students who replied in the affirmative to 
his question of whether they were disrupting the 
recrui ters. 

However, he was not too successful, but finally 
got a list of ten names_ Dean Lawrence remarked to 
faculty member Steve Shapiro, "I'm not going to do 
anything with this list. Someone else is." He ex-
plained he was just following orders. ShapirO 
retorted, "Yeah , sort of like Eichmann." students plher at UCSB to sllow support for Allen. 

Strike Update 
DATELINE: SANTA BARBARA-· 

Revolution Through Campaigns r 
At UCSB the cootroversy over Anthropology 

Professor Bill Allen continues despite the 
suspension of last week 's strike. On Monday and 
Tuesday strike activities were called off to allow for 
a two~ay moratorium. Students were asked to 
attend classes and direct classroom discussion 
around the issue of student participation in the 
governance of the university. 

UCSD AS Vice-President Castulo de la Rocha 
said, "The purpose of the moratorium will be to 
inform students abrut the issue of student par· 
ticipation and to motivate them to unite in support 
of the strike. " 

According to EL GAUCHO, a fair hearing for 
Allen is only part of a "concept cf the student right 
to determine the nature of their educational en-
vironment. " And, demands for ' 'development of the 
university as a morally responsible institution for 
all the people" and "effective and responsible 
student participation in university governance" 
have been drawn up. 

Over 2,500 people are on strike, and have signed 
the demands. Strikers are still demanding an open 
hearing for Allen, initiation of a committee of 
students and faculty on hiring and firing of faculty 
members, and a general amnesty for the 19 people 
arrested. 

Carl Nelburger 
Staff Writer 

The goal of the Socialist 
Workers ' Party is to build 
revolutionary conditions by 
drawing political support away 
from the establishment parties, 
according to Herman Fagg, SWP 
gubernatorial candidate for 
California . Speaking to an 
audience of 30 in USB 2622 last 
Monday evening along with Phil 
Conner, SWP candidate for 
Controller, Fagg declared that he 
feels a political party format is 
necessary " to communicate the 
truth about establishment op-
pression." SWP is, he said, an 
organization to develop a "cadre 
of leaders to direct ( anti-
establishment) movements in a 
revolutionary direction." 

After a brief talk, Fagg was 
questioned on the effectiveness of 
these methods . Counter-
arguments came from several 

San Diego Premier 
The Rolling Stones + Jean-Luc Godard + 

Sympathy For The Devil (1 + 1) 

Febuary 21,22,23 
Shows at 12,2,4,6,8,10 USB2722 

members of the audience, who 
suggested that Fagg's method 
was too narrow and ineffective to 
achieve revolutionary results. 
Fagg replied that other methods, 
such as direct revolution and 
economic power, would not be 
effective because they could not 
build a large popular base, or 
because they could be defeated 
by the establishment. 

Fagg and Conner, both black, 
stated that they were black 
nationalists but ally themselves 
with SWP, an "international 
organization, " because they 
believe blacks cannot achieve 
equality by themselves. On the 
other hand, they believe black 
organization is necessary to 
" form a vanguard in the 
revolutionary struggle." They 
therefore support independent 
black organization as well as 
SWP, which they feel unites 
blacks with other oppressed 
groups. 

The Revolution = 

information 453-2000 
ext 1016 

Tickets $2.00 

INCOME compared 
to VOCABULARY 

INCOME 
PER 
YEAR 

50,000 
and up 

20,000 

10,000 

5,000 
3,000 

Very Low Low Medium High 
VOCABULARY LEVEL 

"" 4 Tri t i l Ti . .. february D. 1910 

Very High 

THE PERSONS AT THE TOP LEVEL OF EARN-
ING POWER IN THEIR PROFESSION ARE THOSE 
WITH THE HIGHEST LEVELS OF ENGLISH VO-
CABULARY. THIS IS TRUE FOR PEOPLE IN 
BUSINESS, MEDICINE, LAW, ENGINEERING, 
MUSIC, ART, AND SCI ENCE, AS WELL AS 
OTHER FIELDS. INCREASE YOUR ENGLISH 
VOCABULARY PERMANENTLY AND PAIN-
LESSL Y AT ANY OF THE LEXICON LOCATIONS 
LI STE D BE LOW. 

Downtown Lexicon Center 

F 1f1h A ...... F lnonel .. c.n_ 
Flf1h oneiL .. ... 
Sen 0;.,0. C.Ufomi. 12103 
""_: 233-1212 

Stete Colle~ Lexicon Center 

"it eon. A_ 
Sen DiIID. CIIlfomlll211' 
"'_: 217-0222 

La Jolle Lexicon Center 

2113 A_Mho .," "-rl 
LI JoI'" C .. I"""'. 12CD7 
"..,..: 454-2221 

North County Lexicon Center 

1110 c-Ino 011 Mw 
Dol Mw, C .. I ...... 12014 
"..,..: 7II5-:JCIM 

• I , .1 

Wa lIa Wa lIa Wha Ie Watch ing 
. Kathy Janssen 

Staff Writer 

Passengers glue themselves to 
the boat like barnacles as it hit 
the swells going out to sea. The 
port of Mission Bay recedes in the 
distance. Crystal Pier rounded 
into Bird Rock and the high-rise 
edifices of La Jolla suddenly jut 
out into the sea. 

Destination: the waters off the 
coast of Del Mar. 

Purpose: whale watching. 

couple of days each one is nudged 
along. piggy-back on top of its 
mother's head, but after that 
fends for itself. 

When traveling south the 
whales usually swim only eight 
feet beneath the surface. If 
they're casing the area for 
sardines, shrimp or other food, 
the whales can submerge for as 
long as ten minutes. The whale 's 
blowhole works like a skindiver's 
snorkel; at the surface the beast 
exhales a geyser of carbon 
dioxide and steam that can be 
seen for over a mile on a clear 
day. 

the animals do surface and ap-
pear to look around, they actually 
have their eyes closed. 

Captain Abab's best friend is a 
warm-blooded beast. Even in 
Arctic waters he gets pretty hot 
underneath his insulation of 
blubber and fibrous tissue. 
Believe it or not, he "sweats it 
out" like the rest of us. 

Gray Whales usually journey 
past San Diego during January 
and February, so keep an eye out 
for geysers of steam, splashing 
tails, and barnacle-encrusted 
backs. 

::: : : ::. 
:: ;;;~ 

Miss Diddo Clark has transformed ninety-six square f eet of 
egg crates into a huge phosphorescent orange, ye llow, gre E' n 
and blue mural of a sunset. 

For a dollar one can board a 
spectator boat and cruise the 
waters off San Diego and vicinity, 
seeking the l,OOO-pound, 4Moot 
California Gray Whale. It's a 
view of nature far more 
exhilarating than those of 
Audubon, for thousands of whales 
migrate south each winter from 
icy Arctic waters to their 
breeding grounds in the lagoons 
of Baja California. 

Whales are pretty intelligent 
animals - just ask them ! You 
may not get the answer you're 
listening for, but you will get an 
answer. Whales make noises, 
strange sounds ranging from a 
creaking gate to an Oscar Meyer 
Wiener whistle (different species 
make different sounds). 

Experimental S'equence Examined 
by Rick Coe Gu.st Writer The sequence is taught by one professor, three graduate students , and two undergraduates - one 

Swimming at a speed of three 
knots, pregnant females usually 
are at the head of each pack. 
They are foUowed by males and 
other females, in a ratio of two 
males to every female. Bringing 
up the rear are the females with 
calves which are sometimes born 
along the way. However, these 
premature calves receive no 
soecial treatment. For the first 

Whales orient themselves and 
locate food by sending out im-
pulses similar to that of sonar 
and analyzing the responses, just 
like submarines locate undersea 
mountains, other submarines, 
ships on the surface, etc. People 
used to think that whales sur-
faced and looked around to orient 
themselves; though it is true that 

"This course helped me identify with my people." black, two Chicanos, one Indian, and two Anglos . 
" I never met a teacher so open-minded . .. she U t 2 began by concentration on writing 

inspired confidence, and I was able to speak my skills - using texts such as Eldridge Cleaver's 
mind . Through speaking, I realized so many things "Soul on Ice" and Octavio Paz' "Labyrinth of 
about myself that I never knew existed." Solitude." 

"My instructor was a good one. I think he helped "A new and different technique is appearing in 
us in the fact that he is also a minority in this my writing." 
country. He knows some facts and experience on " ow I can be more myself. " 
minority groups we dealt with." Then the course expanded; Don L. Lee was in-

"The Lit 2 class developed a new awareness of vited from Chicago to read his poetry ; speech was 
myself. I think all black brothers and sisters should ta ught from "Malcolm X Speaks ;" films such as 
have the opportunity to learn about themselves." "Salt of the Earth" and " Decision at Delano" were 

Literature 2 is a pilot sequence for the Third shown concerning Chicano labor struggles. 
College, which is scheduled to open in September, In its second quarter, Lit 2 shifted its focus toward 
pending Regents ' approval later this month. This Third World materials from Africa and Latin 
year , minority group freshmen and interested America. Franz Fanon was studied, and " Battle of 
Anglos were allowed to take the course in place of Algiers" shown; Pablo Neruda's poetry and a 
Revelle College 's Subject A, and Muir College's lecture by Carlos Blanco were presented. 
Literature 1 sequence. Participants claimed that Next quarter , according to a proposal whIch has 
the class was an aid in helping black and brown not yet been approved, Ut 2 will shift from a 
people learn about each other, and in aiding each classroom to a workshop structure. If students 
black and brown member to find himself. evince interest and funds are found, Lit 2 will offer 

"Lit 2 has helped me more than anything else in workshops in such media as music, television, 
understanding not only myself better , but in un- theatre, poetics , and journalism Wlth preference to 
derstanding minority groups better." minority group needs . 

----------~~~------------~ 

STONES 
Jean- Luc Qxlard 

Will Man Perish by His Instincts? 
N"'ta~.·), 

!I "'Pf! 

~ -~ 
f" ~~ : 

Bob Scbwartz 
Staff Writer 

At. what point in anthropological history can you 
say that "this guy is a man and his daddy was an 
ape?" The correct answer, of course, is that there is 
not and never has been any such differentiation; 
man is an ape, although a very unique one. The 
product of a fantastically opportune chain of 
meteorological, geographical, genetic, and 
cultural improbabilities, man now reigns as the 
most dominant and powerful life force on this 
planet, a position he has assumed only in the last 
several thousand years. 

The big Question now is : can man transcend the 
animal instincts and emotions of approximately 25 
million years of hominid evolution before he either 
starves or overcrowds himself out of existence, 
pollutes his world into a quagmire of slow death, or 
(more swiftly) simply incinerates himself off the 
map totally? 

These and other related questions were the focus 
of a lecture given Wednesday at the UCSD Medical 
School by Dr. Michael Soule , one of a series of 
lecturers called to the Medical School to discuss the 
" Future of Man," or (as many of the lectures have 
indicated) man 's lack of one . 

Borrowing heavily from the works of Robert 
Ardrey ("The Territorial Imperative," "African 
Genesis") Konrad Lorenz ("On Aggression") and 
Desmond Morris ("The Naked Ape"), Dr. Soule, 
an ecologist, noted that man shows many of the 
same behavior patterns as most of the other 
terrestrial apes and monkeys, which include 
chimpanzee, and orangutan, in his instinctive at. 
titudes towards a dominance hierarchy (the 
"pecking order" within a primate troop), the 
defense of territory, the preoccupation with sex 
(man is undoubtedly the "sexiest" primate b th 
physically and psychologically), and most im-
portantly his expressions of aggressions or hate . 
Man has most often and most eloquently manifested 
his intelligence in the level of technology of his 
weaponry. • 

Animals, in their interitroup squabbles, do not 
intend to kill an opponent; the object is merely to 

hwniUate him into subservience. Hence, in all 
social animals a complex system of expressions and 
signals has been developed to convey this idea of 
submittance. 

Man too, has developed these signals; however, 
as a result of his technology man is able to kill his 
opponent not only swiftly (something relatively 
impossible in unarmed hand-to-hand combat) but 
also at distances at which these signals are un-
seeable; at spear range, arrow range, rifle range, 
or (in the extreme) from half a globe away via 
ICBM. 

Man's animal tendencies toward agression are 
still there, yet technology and culture have created 
a situation in which the natural safeguards against 
self-extinction do not work. 

Moreover, since the general populace never has 
seen any of the missiles aimed at us (or even our 
own ), we tend to think of them as purely abstract 
chessboard concepts, and not as the potentially 
killing things which they are . Hence, we would be 
more apt to advocate an aggressive posture in 
regard to these abstract (though just as concrete, if 
not more deadly) threats than one would iI a 
jackknife were poised at one's stomach. 

The second of man's great instinctive dangers to 
himself exists in his marvelous fecundity : his 
constant desire for sex and reproduction. The ex-
panding population is already a problem of in-
soluble dimensions in India and Latin America ; 
within the next thirty years even economically well-
off America will be hard put to feed, educate, house , 
and clean up for just itself, with the rest of the world 
condemned to starvation . As Dr. Soule observed : 
" the emerging ' third world' is predestined never to 
emerge." Moreover, the cultural and economic gap 
between the underdeveloped and overpopulated 
nations and the raw materially-parasitic and in-
dustrialized Western nations is constantly growing 
wider, and will soon "divide man into two conomic 
sub-species" set against each other for reasons 
based on the malfunction of evolution.ingrained 
instincts in a technological society, with the out· 
com of that conflict still in doubt. 

~fi ~ 
Hundred. of Selectlon.--•• ch .1 ... 

!~~J,~~Ml'!»K 
' .. :::-.~H,,;~:~~':_ 

.. 
-- . 

Sou ndsville Locations: 4639 COnele Ave. 131 EI Cajll1 Blvd., 1231 Gamel-·Pacific Beach 
277 N. MaenOOa--City of EI Cajon 

fashion is 
our 

MISSION VAllEY. GROSS MONT 

T ri t l I Ti... ftllrul ry 13, 1970 ,... 5 



faculty Cop Out at UCS8 
Governor Reagan and the Regents aren't the only 

ones posing a threat to academic freedom . In fact, 
sometimes it's a lot closer to home, like in our own UC 
administration . The most recent example of this comes 
from Santa Barbara where the recent firing of Bill 
Allen, a non -tenured member of the Anthropology 
Department faculty , seems to show a flagrant disregard 
for due process and another den ial of student par-
ti cipat ion in academic affai r s. 

Str ik ing Santa Barbara students cla im , among other 
things, t hat Allen is being f ired because of his r ad ical 
views and iconoclastic li fe sty le. This is quite plaus ible, 
espec ia lly con sider ing th at th e un i vers i ty ad -
mi nistration refuses to announce publicly any reasons 
f or this firin g . 

The Anthropolog y Department chairman has cited 
All en 's "poor level of work ." Yet in spite of thi s Allen 
was rated the second most popular teacher on campus in 
the recent poll conducted by the Associated Students. So 
another issue that may be at stake here is the tyranni ca l 
"publish or perish" , doctrine. The persistence wi th 
which this doctrine has been enforced, even at UCS D 
( Prof. Boskin two years agoL is prime evidence t hat 
teach ing , and therefore undergraduates, h~v~ .been 
ent i rely subordinated to research and individual 
academic careers . 

But regardless of the individua l mer its of Allen , what 
is rea l ly the issue at Santa Barbara is the procedure 
being used . Student input has not been considered at 
any point, not is it ever considered in personnel cases 
such as t his. A proposal to have t he chancellor set up a 
spec ial comm ission (hal f students and half fac ulty and 
adm inist ra ti on ) to study the Al len case and al l other 
term inat ions of faculty was defeated in the Academic 
Senate by a vote of 111 -76. . 

Wh ile the concept of conf identiali ty, cited as the 
reason for t he measure being defeated , ma y be an 
important one, it is often an excuse for faculty to keep 
students out of one of the most important areas of 
un ivers ity decision.making. A professor has to be 
judged by his peers , they say - p.eers .who. have 
probabl y had no direct contact w ith him In the 
classroom. Wh ile student s may not be competent to 
judge a prof ' s profess ional capabilities, they . a~e 
capable of judg ing his teach ing abi l ity. Perhaps this IS 
why the faculty are reluctant to face student evaluation . 

The recent Regents ' report on student governance 
recommends greater student participation at every 
leve l of academ ia. This must be implemented at every 
campus. When cases ar ise in which there is signif~cant 
disagreement between students and faculty regarding a 
certa in professor, a joint arbitrating committee must be 
establ ished. Furthermore, academic freedom means 
that onl y competence in one's joiJ - and that means 
pri mar ily teach ing - is to be considered . . 

The next ti me UC faculty members rally to their own 
interests to f ight Reagan or t he Regents let them 
remember that unilateral decisions by any body will not 
be tolerated . 
ED I TOR·I N·CH I EF 

STeve Landau 

NEWS ED ITOR 
Roger Showley 

MANAG I NG E D I TO R 
Haywood Gammon 

COPY E DITOR 
Chuc k Graham 

A DV ERT ISI NG 
Chela Wakef ield 

FEATU RE E D I - OR 
Rich Heiml,ch 

A RTS ED ITOR 
Bdl Alaoglu 

SPOR TS EDITC R 
STeve Dorsch 

PHOTD EDITCR 
Mark Trillinq 

ASSOCIATE MANAG I NG 
EDITDR 

WR ITING STAFF 
Raoul Conl r eras 
Lorraine Evernham 
Aileen Hielanen 
Kathy Janssen 
Owen Joyner 

Mike Klayer 

AS SOC. NEWS EDITOR 
Paul Emus 

ASSOCIATE COpy 
ED I TOR 
Joe Easlern 

Jim Mag ill 

RESEARCH DI RECTOR 
JOel GOOdman 

Bob Schwar Iz 
Barbara Schwe il 
Molly Selvin 
Jay Sherman 

GRAPHIC ARTIST 
Rob Cohen 

PRODUCTION STAFF 
Kim Alexander 
Karen Glick 
HOlly Hanes 
Mike Klayer 
Belh Lyons 
Mary Miller 

Juay HIT I 

A RT S WR IT ERS 
Jeff Fr led 
Larry Johnson 
Paul Hamburq 
John Moore 

Jim Sills 
Ray Seavers 
Dave Ste8rns 
Sam Wilson 
Carl Neiburger 

PHOTOGRAPHY STAFF 
Mark Helnich 
John Kafka 
Gail Levine 
Vince Massulo 
Ken Taniguchi 
Dave Wallace 
Clark Wilson 
Gary Wyatt 

The TRITON TIMES is offiCially recognized and supported as a 
sTudenT newspaper by The CommunicaTions Board Of Ihe UniverSity of 
Call torn ia, San Diego, Bui lding 250. Mat Thews Campus, La Jolla, 
Callfornla,92037 In Tak ing edITorial posiltons, The TRITON TIMES IS 
not representing The views Of The University, The studen T government, 
or Ihe sluden t body as a whole. OffiC ial TRITON TIMES editOrial 
opinion i!t exprf)ssed only in th05~ COlumns on 'he editorial page 
sp clflcally deslgnaled for Those purposes The TR ITON TIMES 
publ,shes weekly on Fridays during the academ ic school year 
Ed,Toriai and BUSiness Offices are locatea In Roorr 117. Blake Hall , 
Rrvrll. Campus Phone 45) 2000. ex ' 1016 or 1017 

Pile 6 Tr i ton Times February 13, 1970 

Massiye Political Action the Key 
by the R.dicel Ecology C.ucus 

An editorial in the TRITON TIMES of 
Feb. 6 entitled "Ecology Action Begins 
With the Individual" claimed that "when it 
all boils down, you (the individual ) are the 
culprit in the mw-der of the world." The 
argument is based on the incredible 
assertion that "business and government 
merely carry out the wishes of the 
people." The conclusion of the TRITON 
TIMES is that environmental destruction 
must be fought individually by re-
evaluating indi vidual life styles "in terms 
of efficiency and stupidity" in order to 
"eliminate those things unnecessary to 
survival ." 

We members of the Radical Ecology 
Caucus challenge this attack on .the people 
of this country. Mter inflation and taxes 
have eaten away a large part of their in-
come, working people have, on the 
average, less than $5,000 per year to spend 
on " inefficient s tupidities" like food , 
clothing, transportation , and housing for 
their families . Most people have 'ery little 
purchasing power to spend on things that 
are "unnecessary to sw-vival" in this 
society. 

For example, it is very nearly im-
possible and cer tainly downright inef-
ficient to try to get along without a car (or 
someone else 's car ), especially in 
Southern California. Nearly everyone 
commutes to and from work , and the car 
effectively reduces the length of the work 
day by perhaps hours as compared with , 
say; the bad public transportation . And to 
imply that working people who are tired 
after working eight hours for the boss are 
stupid for not jogging or bicycling home is 
ludicrous. 

Business is not there to carry out the 
wishes of the people. It is there to make a 
profit. In fact , the automobile and 
petroleum industries account for about 
eight per cent of the total profits made by 
U.S. manufactw-ing corporations. The 
largest corporations in the United States 
profit from each day's production of smog, 

LETTERS 

R 
E 
B 
U 
T 
T· 
A 
L 

Ecology 
Action 

and when the government (which is 
controlled by these corporations ) passes 
half-way measw-es to deal with the 
problem, the workers pay, and the cor-
porations ' profits stand to be enhanced 
from the sales of the new required devices . 

The government does not serve the 
people with respect to pollution ; on the 
contrary , it serves the corporations by 
protecting their profits . Investigations 
showed that the automobile manufac-
turers agreed to initiate the installation of 
smog controls on new cars only if all of 
them did so at the same time, and fw-ther 
conspired not to add any at all for as long 
as possible. This was the basis of a suit 
against the car manufacturers, but the suit 
was settled out of cow-t and the govern-
ment supressed the information that led to 
the suit. 

It is true that massive political action is 
necessary to find real solutions to the 
environmental crisis, but to rely on 
government and industry to find solutions 
that will benefit the people and not create 
the basis for further exploitation of the 
people is wrong . We feel that the issue of 
environmental destruction must be fought 
as all fights for better working and living 
conditions are fought-through broad-
based, grass-{'oots struggle. In the end, 
this must be an anti~apitalist struggle for 

working~lass control of the society. 
Byron King (SOS) Tyrone Fumble 

Marianne Pratola (SOS) Philip Carver 
Ken Frankel Jim Hirst (SOS) 

Bruce Coston (SOS) Chela Wakefield 
•••••• Your point is well taken. The editorial 

stated : " You're dead wrong if you think 
ALL the changes to stop environmental 
destruction must occur within industry 
and government." The editorial sought to 
point out that the individual-ilspecially 
middle class consumers-also have a role 
in the "mw-der of the world." The political 
struggle against government and business 
is not to be underestimated. -ed. 

Obnoxious UCSO students were rude, crude, impolite , and ungracious . 
triton 

tbne~ 
Dear Editor : 

Tuesday evening we were 
present at the " Up With People" 
concert and were thoroughly 
disgusted by the behavior of the 
Revelle students. Before the 
performance , strains of 
"Sodomy" floated down from 
Argo Hall while members of a 
group of students outside the 
cafeteria flipped the finger at the 
innocent " Up With People" cast. 
Throughout the show other 
m mbers of the raucous crowd 
beat on the windows and shouted 
obscenities. In summation, the 

If the concert was offensive to 
these students, they should have 
left. The enthusiastic performers 
were merely trying to encourage 
concern for others and promote 
civil conduct, while the heckler s 
served as a perfect counter-
example. 

Next time, will these obnoxiOUS 
people please stay home and 
study? 

Bar bara Oyster 
Susan Tanner 

Revelle Undergraduates 

Communication can't be one-
sided! There must be something 
that's bothering you nationally, 
on campus, or even in this 
newspaper. The TRITON TIMES 
welcomes LETTERS TO THE 
EDITOR and will print as many 
as space permit . Letters hould 
be typed, double-spaced, with 60-
unit margins, and must be 
received no later than Tu day 
for publication on Friday. Mail 
to : TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake 
Hall , UCSD, La Jolla, 92037, or 
submit in p rson at the office, 
NW cllrner Blake Hall. 

MORE LETTERS 

Discrimination in Hi-Continental? 
Sirs: 

When I began work in the 
cafeteria last quarter, all the 
student employees were required 
to go to a special meeting. There 
we were given a set of "Stan-
dards for Service Systems 
Personnel." After going through 
the regulations, Manager John 
Puccinelli said "if you don't like 
working here, just leave - we'll 
all be happier." 

rehired. The true reasons lie 
elsewhere. Haven and I are 
members of SOS - we see the 
necessity of people getting 
together and working on 
problems they have in conunon. 
So we talked to the other workers 
about the conditions in the 
cafeteria and what could be done 
about them. As usual, Lapetina 
and Puccinelli never told us that 
we were doing something for 
which we might be fired . They 
just let us work out the rest of the 
quarter (it 's hard to 'get workers 
the last half of the quarter) and 
didn 't bother to rehire us at the 
beginning of the Winter Quarter 
(when it is easy to get students). 

The management policy of 
eliminating anyone who might 
protest their policies is a 

reflection of the general con-
ditions in the cafeteria. The 
number of student workers has 
been cut back and the rest have 
been forced to work even harder . 
In addition, there is a total lack of 
job secw-ity - hard work , extra 
work, or long service is 
meaningless when it comes to 
being rehired for the next 
quarter. All this can go on 
because there are a large number 
of students who need part-time 
jobs to get through school. 

I request this committee to look 
into these unjustified fwings, and 
in addition into the working 
conditions for student and full-
time workers. 

Sincerely, 
Byron King 

448 Argo 

Haven Anshen and I had 
worked in the dishroom at the 
Revelle Cafeteria during the fall 
quarter of 1969. When I returned 
to the campus after the Christ-
mas break , John Puccinelli in-
formed me that I would not be 
rehired. His stated reason was 
that since the Muir cafeteria was 
opening, the load would be 
lightened at Revelle ; so people 
were being " laid-off. " When I 
asked if Haven had been rehired, 
Mr. Puccinelli said that she had 
not been, because she did not 
wear a hair-net and wore tennis 
shoes in the dishroom. Later, 
when Haven talked to Puccinelli, 
the latter cited a string of reasons 
that included an unwillingness to 
work overtime, singing in the 
dishroom, breakage, and no 
loyalty to the company. 

What is the Sexual Ideal? SUPERNARC 
E.cology Series Some of us who aren 't women 

strongly sympathize with the 
goals of the women 's liberation 
groups. To men, the chief danger 
apparent in the movement is that 
the sexual structure should be 
toppled and that men too should 
have to kiss-ass in order to be 
accepted. U it 's not clear that 
women are the ass-kissers, just 
notice their jobs and the millions 
spent for beauty. That's ass-
kissing subservience. 

their conformity to the image of 
"what the ideal woman or male 
should be!' Most people are 
attracted to this image, and we 
seek out those who fi t. When! is 
individual attraction? Multiply 
this lack of concern by 200 million 
and you have the force that keeps 
women at home and out of work. 

Worldwide famine Coming 
It quickly becomes clear that 

both Haven and I were fired for 
reasons other than those just 
mentioned. To layoff an ex-
perienced worker while hiring 
new people is an absurd 
procedure . The accusations 
made against Haven could have 
just as easily be made against 
any of the people who had worked 
in the dishroom , but were 

We live in a society which is 
divided into two camps. In the 
absence of better achievement, 
individuals in either camp are 
r.ecognized for excellence by 

It all boils down to the matter of 
sexual ideal . U women weren 't 
concerned (forced to be oc-
cupied ) with satisfying the 
" feminine" ideal , men could stop 
being Joe Namath or the original 
drop-out Natural Man . 

E .T. Aoin 
UCSD Gay Liberation Front 

Marijuana Liberation Front 
Pothead Persecution Continues 

The marijuana scene these days is tw-bulent. A lot 
of the media (Life , Playboy, True, Scientific 
American, the LOS ANGELES TIMES, etc. ), and 
prominent people, are coming out with favorable 
attitudes toward legalization of the weed ; the 
Senate just passed a bill reclassifying marijuana 
and lowering the penalties for possession ; and 
Canada is considering legalizing it completely. The 
LOS ANGELES FREE PRESS of Jan . 23 had an 
article stating that pot will be legal in the United 
States by 1971. The tobacco companies are already 
registering trade names such as Panama Red, and 
they have acquired huge plots of land in South 
America , just waiting to be sown with weeds . . . 

But campus police still bust people; Reagan is 
asking for more narcs ; and Nixon is giving Mexico 
a million dollars, plus personnel and equipment, to 
help them stamp out their own cash crops. 

Also, the Senate bill still makes possession a 
crime against " the people," and allows for a person 
found to be "continuing criminal enterprises" to be 
given a five-years-lo-life sentence on a first offense . 
Don't forget the new "no-knock" provision, and the 
proposed preventive~etention provision , which 
could be used on any suspected marijuana user. 

Mter looking at all the trouble and effort to which 
the Federal government is ~oing to keep the U.S.-

Mexico border clean , Nixon will cer tainly be putting 
a lot of pressure on Canada to keep them from 
legalizing "deviance." What's more, a recent 
Gallup poll found that 84 per cent of the adults 
questioned were against legalization of grass . 

Are we to s it by and watch Congress pass laws 
that continue to make smoking mari juana a 
debased, criminal , and inunoral act , and other laws 
that allow police to break in doors without a knock ? 
Are we to sit by and watch brothers and sisters get 
busted, thrown out of school , lose their jobs and 
money, and get ten years for two joints? . 

People should really be uptight enough to do 
something, such as staging demonstrations and 
mass smoke-ins; but they should at least get 
organized. 

Other people are getting together ; there is a 
group in Los Angeles called the Committee to 
Abolish Marijuana Prohibition (CAMP) that plans 
to put legalization on the next ballot. Other 
organizations, such as the police force, are 
organized in OPPOSition , lobbying for strict drug 
laws . 

If you are interested in helping this cause, con-
tact : 
MLF 
Box 5100 
UCSO 

J . Frank Gormlie 

by David Bainbridge 
If the population of the 

worl d continues to grow at 
its present rate , by the 
year 2400 people would 
cover the earth and be 
growing outward at half 
the speed of light . 

Such fantast i c 
prophesies are certainly 
not likely , but the 
prospects are all too bleak . 
Each year, food produc· 
t ion falls further behind 
the population , and more 
and more peop le are 
getting less and less to eat . 
' The U .S. is fortunate ly still 
one of the ten food ex-
por t ing countr ies. 

The pi cture fo r th e 
future is as simple as it is 
harsh : mass sta rvation . 
During th e si x ti es , an 
esti ma t ed 20 m illion 
Chinese d ied i n one 
famine ; the tragedy li es in 
the fact that th is is a mer~ 
handful compared to those 
doomed to a si m i lar fate. 

The more developed 
areas, includ ing Canada , 
U.S., and Europe, are in 
generally better cond ition , 
and will probably reach 
1984 w ithout undue strain . 
Less affluent countri es, 
however , can expect 
w idespr ead fa mi nes of 
unheard-of proport ions by 
1975. It is unl i kely they wi ll 
starve to death quietly 

KIBBUTZ? FOR YOUR BEAUTY SUPPLIES 
THE KIBBUTZ IS A UNIQUE SOCIAL EXPERIENCE 
IN COOPERATIVE LIVING WHICH STRIVES FOR 
PERSONAL AND COMMUNITY SELF-REALIZATION 
IN ISRAEL. 

WE INVITE YOU TO E~PERIENCE THE KIBBUTZ 
. THROUGH THE FOLLOWING PROGRAMS: 
~--KiBiiijTi--ijLPAN' - : t- YEMP(iRAi,y-WiJRKERfi 
: Six-month program of i Living and working on 
: 1/2 day work & 1/2: a Kibbutz one month 
: day Hebr ew studies . : or more. f • •• •• - -- - - __ •• • ____ _ __ __ J ~ •••••• •••••• • _._._._ •••• •• • • • _. 

CONTACT ---I.~ HilLEL GORDIN 454-7523 
CALL BETWEEN 7:30 & 8:30 P.M. 

~ 
BEAUTY STORES 

Special Discounts with 
Student Card 

Clai roil-Lap; nal 
Roux- Breck 

English Leat her 
Ozon -t4e 11 i t e 

Old Sp; ce-Redkin 

DIANE SHOPPI G CE TER 
4702 CLAIR EMOl'iT MI:.5A BLVD. 
272-3242 

COSMETICS 
SHAMPOOS 

IMTS 

WAVES 
HAIR SPRAYS 
WI" 
WIO' ~P'LlEli 
Glrn 

U:-J IVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOP PI G CENTER 
3979 GOVERNOR DR. 
·r;:l-02fi l 

while others are wel l- fed . 
War becomes an at -
tractive alternative to t he 
slow death of starvat ion , 
and it is th is that makes it 
imperat ive for the Un ited 
States to do cons iderably 
more to help slow the 
populat ion explos ion . It is 
necessary for the Un ited 
States to set up pr ior it ies 
for fore ign aid , control of 
food , and popul at ion 
control. 

The prospects of new 
methods for birth control 
appear unl i kely , and i t is 
sober ing to real ize that 12-
15 years are required for a 
new birth control pi ll to hit 
the market. Free lega l 
abortions , free birth 
control information and 
su pp lies , an d free 
ster ilization appear to be 
the main weapons in the 
attempt to nip the fuse of 
th e populat ion bom b . 
However , th e mora l 
climate of the U.S. and 
most of the world is 
war ped to the point where 
these methods will not be 
instituted until millions 
more ha v e starved . 

The ideal situation is 
that of zero population 
gr owth at the level which 
the Ear th can support life 
comfortably, forever . Th is 
lev el has yet to be 
carefully determined, but 
i t appear s that we have 
now sur passed it . It is 
necessary to remember 
that " freedom of unlimited 
procreation may be an 
indulgence for which we 
will ul t imately pay all 
other freedom ./1 

Pollu t ion box score , 
Ix>ttom of tile ninth : 19,000 

t. t9ns per cay of carbon 
monoxide in Californ ia 's 
four major metropoli tan 
areas . Autos , trucks, and 
airpldlle!:> conrrlDUTe 9J per 
cent. 

- ISRAEL-
U wee Student Group 
includes 3 weeks In Eur,ope 
and a Mediterranean Cruise 

call Marty: 75 5-8850 

Triton Times I flllf1llry 13, 1970 PI,. 7 



Bill Alaoglu 
Arts Editor 

" Dimensions of Black" is a consciousness ex-
panding art show. It is specifically designed to 
challenge pre-conception with Black African and 
Black American art, and African influences on 
European art. 

The show includes a large selection of African Art 
that challenges the generalization of African 
culture in mud hut-herding terms. The 
sophistication in technique and subject matter, the 
delicate and sens itive feeling of the works, 
demonstrate the African culture as neither sim-
plistic nor crude. 

The second part of the show, dealing with the 
influences of African art on the development of 
European post-Impressionism, s hould show that 
African a rt has not existed in a vacuum, removed 
from any importance to White-Western culture. 

The third seelion of the show, dealing with the 
paradoxes of Amer ican Black a r t, should destroy 
a ny open, or sublimi nal concep ts of "cultural 
deprivation." Although racism has limited Black 
art and Black artists. it has not destroyed them, 
a nd the historical continuity a nd quality of con-
temporary Black works should p rovide impressive 
evidence to support the often heard rhetor iC, 
" Black is Beautiful. " 

This show is open to all communities, the cam-
pus, black, white, pr oviding a substantial 0]>- ' 
portunity to see an extensive, carefully chosen 
show that can place the Black artistic experience in 
perspective. 

The show is a joint effort by Professor Jehanne 
Teilhet and her students. each expressively 
praising the other, who devised the project after an 
Afro-American Cultural Traditions class last year. 
Student participation has continued throughou t the 
year of planning and assembly, including tr avel on 
three continents and the writing of an ambitious 
catalogue. 

The catalogue is designed to complir.!ent the 
show providing sociological and historic evidence 
to cr~ate a deeper context for the show itself. It 
includes articles on Black history, African 
tribalism, slavery, the Harlem Renaissance, and 
was written by the students. 

Sudan to French West Africa 
The selection of Afr ican art includes over 120 

pieces representing 13 tribal styles ranging from 
the Sudan to French West Afr ica . The pieces were 
collected under the d irection of Professor TeiIhe t, 
who has studied prim itive Ar t History at UCLA, 
and has worked in both E urope and Nigeria . 

This show, according to the di rec tors, is the first 

The Museum or Primitive Art 
...... Tn. r... FtIIMfJ 13, 1970 

DIMEN:~ 
SIONS 
OF 
BLACK 
LA JOLLA 
MUSEUM 
OF ART 
FEB ~S·MAR 29 

West Coast exhibit to draw on d iversified sources, 
rather than depending upon one or two large 
donations. Thus, the campus community has its 
first chance to a dmire the works , chosen in-
dividually for thei r in terest a nd representation of 
va rious tribes and styles from a large geographic 
range. 

Contra ry to ma ny beliefs concerning primitive 
African a rt, and concerning primitive culture, 
Afr ican ar t s hows a sophis tication and high cultural 
self-awa reness. The works range from sculptures 
to car ved doors, from ceremonial masks to stools. 
The works r eflect the African cultural emphasis on 
religious and ritual themes, including highly 
canonized forms a nd style. The media represented 
are diversified, including many cast bronzes. 

Africa n a r t is tribal art, limited by the social 
require ments of the tribes. The pieces are usually 
only identified by tribe ; a few exceptional masters 
ca n be identified by s tylis tic elements. 

Artistic Borrowings 
The second part of the show includes works of the 

E uropean masters in the period following 1905. A 
m inor flurry of interest in African sculpture in 
Paris was followed by immediate stylistic changes 
incorporating certain aspects of African works. 
Picasso, probably one of the greatest artistic 
borrowers of all time, shows dramatic stylistic 
changes after his first visit to an African exhibit, 
the layers of paint pointing to the successive 
reworkings. From African sculpture, Picasso 
borrowed a pattern of planes, that breaks the 
s mooth line of his subjects and resolves the figure 
into a ser ies of plates or flat surfaces. Other French 
a r tists were also sensitive to this es thetic qualily in 
African a r t, and a lthough they do not really borrow 
thema tic or subjec t elements, it is clear that the 
African influence was a crucial s tep in Post-
I mpressionis t development. 

The s how subs tantiates this influence, and other 
si milar points in a series of works by the great 
masters, Modigliani, Picasso, Matisse (who ac-
tually traveled to Africa), and many others. 

Afr ican art also influenced the German Ex-
preSSionist school, although not in the manner that 
the French school was affected. Kirchner, for in-
stance, did not find the dynamics of light and planes 
of inte res t at a ll , but tried to incorporate the deep 
emotiona l conte nt of African works by actually 
including African pieces in the subject matter of his 
pai ntings. The tr end within the German school, the 
deep interest in lhe emotional content, is also 
substantia ted by it series of related works. 

The third, and perhap major seclion of the 
exhibit includes an historical and contemporary 

collection of American Black Art. 
The students and Miss Teilhet traveled through 

the South, looking for pieces that showed African 
style in American slave art. Some interesting 
ethnological objects were found , cigar store In-
dians, stools, canes and so forth, and some in-
teresting views of African styling in iron grill work; 
but on the whole, the exhibit testifies to the basic 
cultural break between Africa and slave America 
in the field of art. 

In the Mainstream 
There were many, some quite famous, American 

free black artists , who worked within the American 
academic stream of work. This includes the works 
of Joshua Johnson, the first American black to have 
his work shown. His portraits are clearly similar 
to many contemporary American works of white 
artists. 

Henry Tanner, the first great American Black 
ar tis t, who had to go to Europe to school, was 
completely w i th in the Western historical 
development. 

After World War I, the Negro Renaissance, or the 
Harlem Renaissance, a period of intellectual and 
artistic growth within the American Black com-
munity began a new trend in Black art. It was the 
development of a consciousness within the art of the 
culture, and condition of the Black American. This 
section includes a major contribution of Jacob 
Lawre nce's " The' Migra tion" series, s ixty gauche 
pa intings, depicting the migration of Blacks from 
the south to north, from the agrarian life to the 
industrial ghetto. The paintings were displayed in 
small, Harlem galleries, and the whiteness that had 
dominated Black arts was beginning to wash off 
under the influence of greater intellectual interest 
in Africa. 

The section c oncludes with the works of con-
temporary Black artists, including several works 
commissioned for this exhibit. These works 
demonstrate a difference in attitude among Black 
Artists today. Many contemporary Black artis ts 
believe that art should reflect the political concerns 
of Black people. Other artists firmly believe that 
their art is done for themselves, and their work 
reflects an interest similar to that of many other 
modern artists. African influences are obvious in 
several works, and the American flag and other 
political symbols are often used. The works of Sam 
Gilliam, Richard Hunt, Raymond Saunders and 
others are represented. 

The art show, at the La Jolla Museum of Art, is 
open to the public. Museum hours are Tuesday 
through Friday, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. ; Sunday, 12 :30 
a .m . to 5 p.m. ; and Wednesday night, 7 to 11 p.m . 

Museum and Laboratories of 
Ethnic Arts and Technology 

New Fiscal Budget Blocks Improvements 
Rlcb HelmlJcb 
Feature Editor 

The University of California budget for the next fiscal 
year , as proposed by Gov. Ronald Reagan, includes no 
funds for improvements or new programs, UC President 
Charles J. Hitch pointed out last week. 

"While the budget provides substantially less than the 
university 's request and includes no funds for im-
provements or new programs, I feel it will meet on an 
austere basis the most pressing workload needs and 
provide instructional support for all qualified un-
dergraduate applicants who seek admission," the UC 
President said. 

The UC budget for operations during the year beginning 
next July 1 totals $333 million, as proposed by the 
governor. This would represent an increase of $3.3 
million, or one per cent over the current year. The UC 
Regents had asked for $374 million. The governor's 
construction budget for UC totals only $16.1 million 
compared with a request for $83.7 million, of which $19.2 
million was marked for UCSD. 

Construction Funds Lacking 
Hitch pointed out that insufficient construction funds 

are available for growth, "and this university needs to 
grow with the state . Last year we received less than 35 per 
cent of our capital request. This year that has dropped to 
less than 20 per cent. No construction funds for new 
buildings are included." 

Herman D. Johnson, UCSD's vice<hancellor for 
business and finance , said the cutback would "seriously 
curtail the campus building program." 

He said that the budget would eliminate such projects as 
a $5.7 million marine biology instruction and research 

DEVIL 

THE BEAUTIFUL 
NON-TOUR 

LEISURELY VIS IT 
6 EUROPEAN 

CENTERS. 1 / 2 DAY 
SIGHTSEEING 

WHEN YOU 
ARRIVE. BRITISH 
ESCORTS HELP 

YOU DECIDE 
WHAT'S NEXT. 

S.T.O.F'. 
PROGRAM 
HANDLES 

DETAILS. THEN. 
YOU ' RE ON YOUR 

OWNTOGET 
WHAT YOU WANT 

FROM EUROPE. 

FOR MORE 
INFORMATION 

AND BROCHURE 

eal 277-1500 

fldMllrt W.,W TOlrs 
8001 othelio 

San Diego, Calif_ 92111 

rt> c.\ rralLc\ i . 
OO©©~ 

... e.""",." 

POVERTY PRICES FOR ALL! 

HAPPY BOOR DAILY 5-1 PM 

GREA TEST FIGHTS 
.BALL GAMES, ETC. 

ON OUR CLOSED 
CIRCUIT VIDEOTAPE 

building at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 
Other cancellations, Johnson said, include a $4.6 million 

fine arts building; alterations costing $1.2 million at 
University Hospital in Hillcrest; and $4.7 million toward 
construction of a $9.5 million clinical science building at 
the School of Medicine. Expansion of the medical school 
can proceed in 1970 if the voters pass Proposition One in 
the June election, according to Johnson. If the voters 
approve the health science bond issue in June, the 
governor will pass a bill authorizing construction, ac-
cording to President Hitch. 

Hitch pointed out that the general campuses have been 
denied essentially all construction funds for two years in a 
row. What little has been made available has mostly been 
frozen because the state can 't sell bonds within the 
current five per cent limit on interest, he noted. The new 
buildings being completed were funded three or four 
years ago,' Hitch said. 

Muir College, says Johnson, will not be affected and will 
be completed as planned. Third College will utilize the 
existing facilities on Matthews campus and should not be 
delayed, he added. 

Summer Quarters Axed 
The university has already agreed to replace the 

largely-unused, state-supported 12-week Summer Quarter 
programs at Berkeley and Los Angeles with two six-week, 
self-supporting summer sessions, releasing $9.4 million 
budgeted this year for reallocation, noted Hitch. 

A planned increase of about 2,600 graduate students 
next fall will be essentially eliminated. Discontinuance of 
the Summer Quarter next summer will result in a net 
reduction of 221 full-time faculty members. 

Hitch noted that the governor 's proposed budget 

• • 

provides for an increase of only five per cent in faculty 
salaries. He pointed out that UC, to remain competitive 
with comparable universities, needs all seven per cent of 
the increase, plus more fringe benefits. 

The budget would provide for only 158 full-time faculty 
positions, increasing the present 27 .$-to~ne student-
faculty ratio to 28 . 2-to~ne . At the same time, 379 faculty 
positions would be eliminated because summer quarters 
are being dropped, for a net reduction of 221 positions. 

The governor 's budget makes no provision for the in-
troduction of tuition . Tuition at the university has been 
proposed by both Gov. Reagan and UC President Hitch. 
Reagan wants the revenue gathered to go into the general 
operating fund while Hitch seeks a fee increase to bolster 
the capital outlay fund and student aid programs. 

McGi 11 Cites Reasons 

UCSO Chancellor McGill cites three reasons for the fee 
increase: 

1. The governor has cut back on higher education . 
Z. There is a national trend against higher education 

which is reflected in California. 
3. A strong voter backlash resulting from violence on 

campuses prevents the passage of bond measures and tax 
increases to support higher education. 

Several Regents believe Reagan intends to use tuition 
as a campaign issue this year . One Regent said, " If 
Reagan wins on this, he can run to the people and say 'I 
promised YOll I would get tui tion imposed at UC, and you 
see, I've done exactly that .' If tuition is delayed for 
several months, he can use it against gubernatorial 
candidate Unruh . He knows Unruh 's against it and the 
people ar e for it ." Unruh, though, has yet to take a strong 
public stand against tuition, according to McGill. 

ISIS 

US. 

SANDWICHES AND PIZZA 

DIME NIGHT (ONE KEG) 
EVERY THURSDAY 8 p.m. 

Our r ecrui ler 's ha nd hake is str a igh t fr om the If the chance to advance your If in dirt t 

PARLAY ROOM TAVERN 

225-27 West 15th street. •. 

In the bowels ot Del Mar 

shoulder . And so is hi talk . pr opor tion to your abilities sounds like t he wa 
H e'll neither promise the wor ld nor expect it you like to do b us iness, our bus ines would 

in r e turn . He's in teres ted in m Ling young like to m e 1 you . W 
people with abili ty and d si r e. ]n r etu rn he's ca n do s.omelh ing @ Pacific Telephone 
prepa r ed to offer car eer s with cha ll ng a nd for you , If you ean 
oppo rtun it.y . do something for us . AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 

Sign up in the Placement Office. Interviewing on campu F bruary 17 

Trial Til ... F-..ry 13,1111 ..... 1 



I AltT 
criticism- films 

A Man,A Woman,and Three Kids 

Bill Alaoglu 
Arts Editor 

In an unusual combination, the Academy theater 
is currently showing " Last Summer" and " A Man 
and A Woman," both of which present a rather odd 
view of "the younger generation ." 

Claude Lelouch's cool romance, "A Man and A 
Woman ," is clearly a story of the older gene~atio~ . 
Both the man and the woman are working m 
stereotyped romantic jobs, ~e a race c~ driver and 
she a script girl. They meet, tell some hes, w~k on 
the beach, and fall in love. All very conventional , 
and basically no different than many of Hollywood's 
better romances, without the " lush." This movie 
has been imitated several times, and is even more 
blatantly aimed at " our parents." 

"Last Summer" clearly portrays the younger 
generation in a cold cynical light, ~abl~ to escape 
the dehumanization that they see m thelT parents. 
They act young, but in their seriousness, act bey~nd 
youth . Their relationships are shown as sterile , 
weak, and dependant upon pride and dominance. 

These two films of course, shoot the hell out of the 
"Graduate" image of pure, simple souls being 
trapped and corrupted by an adult world that forces 
its failures upon its children . 

The director Frank Perry, builds his new image 
of youth qui te 'subtlely, with the wooden acting of 
the four teenagers and their dialogue, which sounds 
suspiciously like a Liz-Richard ~attle . He uses odd 
angle shots, closing out the audiences perspective 
with closeups that seem to touch noses . The color 
production and the actual beach frontage produce a 
beautiful background that are used to create a 
visual as well as intellectual climax. 

The film is a McLuanesque anti-literary visual 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 

327 F Street 

PAYS DONORS 
'or $ervice 

experience a collection of scenes without 
traditional 'development and normal stage signals 
of time and space. 

" A Man and A Woman," in release for over four 
years, has been recognized by both the C.an~es .Film 
Festival and other directors, through umtatlon. 

The film is significant in terms of certain 
techniques of cinematography that Claude Lelouch 
so successfully demonstrated. The use of mon-
chromatic tinting, blue through the rainswept 
windscreen, yellow flowing warmly over the two 
lovers white in the cold hospital corridor , is now a 
stock technique of the modern director. 

The coior shots and processes betray a con-
ciousness of color taken from the soft atmospheric 
effects of the great artists of Europe, rather than 
the bright harsh advertising-magazine layout that 
has dominated American color production. 

Lelouch also recognizes the limitations of camera 
work but rather than avoiding them, he uses them 
as t~ols . The extreme foreshortening of the 
telephoto lens nearly puts the boat on the beach as 
the hero takes minutes to cross the few feet that 
separate him from the heroine. Lelouch is clearly 
concious of his films as his visual works , rather than 
mirrors of some intellectual and neo-natural 
reality. 

Lelouch has also constructed the fabric of the plot 
around monologues by the main characters, both 
thought and spoken . Other directors, including 
Fellini , had pictorialized fantasy , but . Lelouch 
audaciously filmed the characters' lies, and 
established a trend that has carried through "Belle 
de Jour" and " John and Mary." 

Both films are supremely entertaining, either 
together or separately, and are now playing at the 
Academy Theater in North Park. 

A/C Productions Presents 

JUDY COLLINS 
Plus "Camp Hilltop" 

'rue. - Fri. 
. 9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

SUNDAY, FEB. 15 '- 8:00 P.M. 

?~., - 83Z8 

' ..... .., " c.MlrlIn 
ASUCSD S •• Dia •• 

••• awline Cineml 
present 

THE STONES 
in Jean-loc Godard's 

Sympathy for 
the Devil 

San Diego Premier 
Febuary,21,Z2,23 
Shows It ,12 ,2 ,4 ,~ , 8 , 10 

USB 2722 
tickets S2 .00 

for info 453 - 2000 
ext 1016 

COMM UNITY CONCOURSE CONVENTION HALL 

Tickets: $5.00,4.25. 3.50 
On sale all Highlander Men's Stores, 
Metro Agencies & Civic Theatre Box Office 

IF YOU SEE THIS PROGRAM •.• 
YOU MAY NEVER SEE THINGS THE 
SAME AGAIN! 
'medium cool 

I d It I " IS ynaml e. - T; ... 
,A, H"P~~' to,."d dnd 

Impr~\\h "" fl''''' ,U lin.,. 
ff! It' . st'd so fltf !h ls .,.,,,,1 
5'11'1.1, pr,I<t,Jps It nf'''''' 
boldt'lf"S1 ." A"'#HCd" 
cIn ( m(l 1 Eyrr.odln.ry l 

-T,,,,. 
o Powf" ,fl,l l' Bo,n Out of 

th e!: 11m, of t,oublt' s 
chrou,h wh ich thiS 
ndhon h." brrn PitH""' " 

-lif. 

D'llllflO Df"\,,,·tdl,,,. 
8,,1 ., .. , Vu\! b .. $('1'1 by 
dflyonjO' ....... 0 'H"> dbO>l t 
th# d .... · 'oP"' .· ... · 01 ""odr,n 
mO'¥lfj - Nawlw •• k 

... 10 ' Triton Tim.. februlry 13,11970 

criticism- ballet 

Giselle-A Matter of flare 
Larry Johnson 

Arts Writer 

Talent, technical skill, familiarity with a. role, and good direction 
are all necessary ingredients of an outstanding theater perf~rman~e, 
but there is one other quality which must be there : that elUSive thlllg 
that might be called "flair." Without this, a performance can look 
correct from all aspects, and still be flat. With flair, some other 
inadequacies can be overlooked. . 

Erik Bruhn with the American Ballet Theater certalllly had the 
quality of flair in their performance of Guautlier's "Gise~e" last 
week. In the part of Albrecht-Loys, Bruhn, lon~ recog~:llzed ,as 
America's premiere male dancer, not only showed hiS technical skill, 
but made the character come alive . To act with flair is the most dif-
ficult thing in theater, and to do so, the ~for~e~ must re-~Ive the 
role creating empathy with the audience III a livmg dynamiC com-

m~icative system. It Is for this reason, of course, that the very 
highest moments of theater require a live audience . . 

The lovely Carla Fracci, a guest st~ from La. ~ala, Milan" was 
very good as Giselle with good execution and flair III her own right, 
though not SO much ~s Bruhn . From my own POin~ of view, however , 
her interpretation of the part was shallower ,than I~ could ~ave been . 
The performances of Bruhn and Miss FraccI, particularly m the key 
second act were excellent and well worth the trip to the Civic Theatre. 

On the oUter hand flair tended to be lacking among the corps de 
ballet, both in "GiseiIe" and its companion "Gaite Parisienne." The 
talent and the technical skill were there, but the performance seemed 
to be rather mechanical much of the time. The corps had some fine 
moments in Act II of "Giselle," but in Act I, and in the single-act 
"Gaite Parisienne" they were a bit wooden. At times they appeared as 
if they were having to work at it. Ballet is strenuous, but It never should 
look like work. 

A beautiful job was presented in the ~as de deux ~f Act I by Susan 
Casey and Ted Kivett, who created a fllle moment III a group scene 
that otherwise was merely routine. 

The director 's conception seemed sometimes a little trite . The wine 
festival for instance wasn't as impressive as it might have been. In 
Act II the Queen of the Wilis - a maiden who,like Giselle, dies jilted 
by her fiance - makes a gestur~ and Gisell~'s wedding veil disap-
pears - at least it 's supposed to disappear . It IS pulled by an off stage 
string, and catches on a near-by bush. Rather than being dramatic, it 
only provokes an unintentional laugh. , . ' 

Offenbach's "Gaite Parisienne" is a colorful frolic III conceptIOn, 
but partly by execution and partly by direction, it doesn 't fully come 
off. It was fun, certainly, and the sets, good throughout, helped. But 
even so, it seemed a little heavy, even through the can~an numbers . 

While I'm complaining, the orchestra never seemed t? be at .all 
inspired. Not only did it lack any flair - they seemed to be Ju~t puttl!1g 
in a day - often the music seemed to be ragged and musICally Ill-
correct. This, no doubt, didn't help the dancers. 

On the whole it wasn't quite the experience that the Stuttgart and 
Royal Ballets ~ere - there were groups with real flair - but it was 
definitely well worth seeing, The highlight is Giselle, and Albrecht and 
Bruhn and MiSs Fracci showed us real class. 

The International Artists Series brings to the Civic Theater some 
fine artistic entertainment which contributes greatly to San Diego's 
cultural life and it would be well to watch for their offerings. Coming 
attractions i~clude the great guitarist Andres Segovia. 

EUROPE 
Also lsrael and Japan 

$230-295 R.T. From West Coast 
$199R.T. From East Coast 

E.S.E.P. 8217 Beverly Blvd., L.A 
(213) 651-3311 
E.S.E.P.-U.C.S.D. members only 

Fidelity Union 
Life Insurance Co. 

Colle gaM IStar 

Guaranteed by a top company 
: . No war e~~i~~ion ·ciause In the 

basic po lie y 
Exclusive be·;eiii~ -at special rates 
Full aviation-coverage 

. __ ................... .. 

Premium deposits deferred untU 
you are out or school 

Holiday Inn 
SUITE 100 -
LA JOLLA. CA. 92037 
453-1863 or 
279-6878, 272-0548 

Don Cleman - Monte EVins 

MOVIES TO MA~E VOYEURISM 
" .... r.CY".L. r".T ••• 

IJ I S( 'O VE: H .. • OP Tit to: B O DY 
\t o'TfI .. ~ns O F' ' .... "E'Tlo N 
I .. ,,,,T .,\,~ 0' Ttl .. : !III\'" 

\I \I .T .. ,.. .. : ~ IU)!'O~ \to\, .. :" .. :'T 
__ mare! 

IT DROPPET" AS 
THE GENTLE ~"N 

FLASH ,01\00_ 
CONQUERS THE UNIVERSE 

BI.k CulturB 
A special series of concerts , 

plays, and lectures, featuring 
Black perfonners and authorities 
on Black culture and traditions 
will be presented during 
February and March by the 
University of California, San 
Diego, in connection with the 
"Dimensions of Black" art 
exhibit at the La Jolla Museum of 
Art. 

Scheduled to appear during the 
series are Leroi Jones and 
Company, blues musicians Sonny 
Terry and Brownie McGhee, the 
Les McCann Trio , and the 
Towoda African Dance Ensemble 
from UCLA. 

In addition,lectures by Dr. Roy 
Siever of the University of in-
diana, Dr. Robert Thompson of 
Yale University, and Dr. Herbert 
Cole from the University of 
california, Santa Barbara, have 
also been scheduled. 

UCSD and the La Jolla 
Museum of Art are jointly 
sponsoring the major exhibition 
of work of African and American 
Black artists at the Museum (700 
Prospect Street, La Jolla ) from 
Feb. 15 through March 29. The 
show, comprising approximately 
300 art works which have been 
borrowed from more than 30 
m ajor museums and scores of 
private collectors , has been 
organized by Jehanne Teilhet , 
Assistant Professor of Visual 
Arts at UCSD, and her students. 

The Towoda African Dance 
Ensemble will appear at 8:30 
p .m ., Saturday, Feb . 21, in 
Sherwood Hall , adjacent to the 
La Jolla Museum. Unreserved 
seating is $1. per person. The 
group includes eight dancers and 
s ix musicians, all Nigerian 
students at UCLA. They feature 
the traditional tribal dances 
including those from the fields, 
funeral occasions and royal 
processions. 

Leroi Jones and a company of 
10 are scheduled for 8:30 p.m., 
Friday, Feb. 27, in the UCSD 
Gymnasium. The performance 
will feature two of Jones' current 
plays. Unreserved seating is $3. 
for general admission, $2.25 for 
UCSD staff and faculty, and $1.50 
for UCSD students. 

The blues duo of Sonny Terry 
and Brownie McGhee is 
scheduled for 8:30 p.m., Sunday, 
March 1, in Sherwood Hall . 
Reserved seating is $3. for 
general admission, $2.25 for 
UCSD faculty and staff, and $1.50 
for UCSD students. 

Pianist Les McCann. is 
scheduled with his trio for 8:30 
p.m., Saturday, March 7, in 
Sherwood Hall. Reserved seating 
is $3. for general admission, $2.25 
for UCSD faculty and staff, and 
$1.50 for UCSD students. 

Tickets for any or all of the 
performances can be reserved by 
calling the UCSD box office, 453-
6151. 

"TIle earth ;s 
but one countr,; 
and mani;nd 
'i,s citizens. II 

BAHA'U'LLAH 
FOUNDER, BAHA'I FAITH 

" FOR INFORMATION: 
Phon. 755-1701 

literature is available and 
informal fireside discussions 
are npld freq",ntly. 

Possibilities 
rJnicorn 

This week the Unicorn features 
Franco Zeffirelli's "Romeo and 
Juliet." This recent version of the 
classic love story is perhaps the 
best ever produced. The com-
panion feature , "Will Penny," is 
the surprise package. This is 
probably the best work that 
Charlton Heston has ever done. It 
received excellent critical 
reception, but never became the 
box office success it deserved. 
"Will Penny" is one of the truest 
westerns ever made, which is the 
likely reason that it did not fare 
well at the box office. The public 
was not ready for a realistic view 
of the old west. However , for 
those who are ready for this 
western, and for some excellent 
acting by both Heston and Joan 
Hackett , " Will Penny" is 
available this week at the 
Unicorn. (Jeff Fried) 

Renissance Concert 
Tenor Robert Gartside and 

pianist Keith Humble will per-
form in a recital of songs by 
French Rennaissance composers 
at 8:30 p.m. Wednesday, Feb. 18, 
in the Matthews Campus Recital 
Hall, Building 409. 

Gartside , from Boston 
University, has distinguished 
himself as a gifted recitalist both 
in the United States and in 
Europe . Humble , Visiting 
Associate Professor in the 
Department of Music for the 
Wlllter Quarter , came from the 
University of Melbourne, 
Australia . 

The concert presented by the 
UCSD Department of Music, is 
free and open to the public . 
Works by Ravel, Ives, Humble, 
Schoenberg, and Schumann will 
be included. 

ShskBsp8are Festival 
Three productions have been 

scheduled for presentation 
during the 1970 San Diego 
National Shakespeare Festival. 
The twenty-first annual summer 
festival season has been an-
nounced by Old Globe Theatre 
Producing Director Craig Noel. 
The fourteen-week season will 
open June 9 and conclude Sept . 
13. 

Opening on June 9 will be the 
popular comedy " Much Ado 
About Nothing." On Friday, June 
12, the historical drama "King 
Richard II" will open . The two 
plays will alternate per-
formances until the romantic 
legend "Cymbeline" joins the 
festival season on July 9. All 
three plays will continue through 
September 13. 

laY'I. 
PRESENTS 

Evening performances of the 
three productions are presented 
nightly except Monday at 8:30 
p.m . Saturday and Sunday 
matinees at 2 p .m. will start on 
June 13. Wednesday matinees 
will be included beginning July 
13. 

Santana 
Santana, led by Carlos San-

tana, brings its guitar , keyboard, 
rirums, trumpet, bongos, and 
vocalists to San Diego State , 
Peterson Gym, March 1 at 8 p.m. 

Featuring a mixture of color 
and nationality, Santana sees its 
message, "Getting Together ," as 
an inspiration and symbol for the 
younger generation, or so say 
their r eleases. (Alaoglu) 

'Up the Tree' 
The continuing conflict of youth 

rebellion against their parents 
receives a comic treatment from 
playwright Peter Ustinov in 
"Halfway Up the Tree." The Old 
Globe Theater in Balboa Park 
will present the stage production 
for a limited five week run , 
opening February 17. 

Ustinov turns the tables on 
free-thinking youth when a father 
approves of the non-conformity of 
his offspring. He recognizes the 
value of their behavior , and in-
stead of condemning them , en-
courages their activities and 
eventually participates. 

In retaliation , the father , a 
retired English gener al , 
challenges his children to carry 
on their rebellion throughout 
their lives, and not just par-
ticipate during the momentary 
fad. He becomes the envy of his 
friends as he seeks self~xile in a 
tree house on his estate. 

The children, of course, do not 
approve. 

"Halfway Up the Tree" will be 
directed by William Roesch, 
guest director for this production . 
He was formerly associate to 
producer Craig Noel. He will also 
direct the following production, 
"'The Physicists. " 

John Ellsworth will play the 
leading role of the retired 
general, preparing for a new life 
in his tree house. Ellen Drexler 
will play the distressed mother , 
forced to confess a long-held 
secret. She is a veteran of 
numerous local productions. 

Robert Hays will make his first 
Old Globe Theatre appearance as 
the freedom-seeking son. The 
independent daughter will be 
performed by Kate Finnes Argo, 
seen earlier this season in "Royal 
Gambit." 

Pedormances of "Halfway Up 
the Tree" are scheduled nightly 
and with some matinees. 

-JAMUL CITY 

FRIDAY FEBRUARY 13 8:00 PM 
CONVENTION HALL 

llC liS $3.s0 $400 $4 ~o 
AVAllABlf AT AlHe CENTf IVIC THlA1E SO OfflC! 

AND All HIGHLANDER AND MET 0 IIC El ACfNCI~ S 

Charlton Heston at his besi as Will Penny, in the film of the 
sa me name, now at the Unicorn. 

Krenek Concert 
A Chamber Concert at UCSD 

will begin a year of dedicatory 
performances and programs in 
honor of composer Ernst Krenek, 
who this year celebrates his 70th 
birthday. The Department of 
Music will present the program 
on Saturday, February 14 at 8:30 
p.m. in the Matthews Campus 
Reci tal Hall. 

Krenek, completing a Regent 's 
Lectureship of four weeks in 
residence on the UCSD Campus, 
will celebrate his birthday in 
August. The distinguished 
composer , author , and teacher 
will be feted by this concert, and 
other performances of his music 
in this country and in Europe 
through-()ut the year . 

The Feb. 14 concert will feature 
the west coast premier e per-
formance of " Inside ," a quartet 
for one double bass player, by 
Kenneth Gaburo, a UCSD 
composer , It was commissioned 
and will be performed by Ber-
tram Turetsky, also of UCSD. 
Also featured is the first per-
formance of " General Speech" 
by Robert Erickson, also of the 
UCSD Music Department, for 
trombone player , to be per-
formed by virtuoso trombonist 
Stuart Dempster of the 
University of Washington. 

In addition , three of Krenek 's 
own works will be heard. They 
are " Wechselrahment, II s ix 
songs on texts by Emil Barth, for 
soprano and piano , with Beverly 

Ogdon and composer Krenek 
performing ; "Five pieces for 
Trombone and Piano, ' played by 
trombonist Dempster and UCSD 
Visiting Professor Ketih Hum-
ble ; and "Neunphasing'· fo r 
flute , performed by Peter Mid· 
dleton . 

The program will be free and 
open to the public. 

On Tap On Campus 
This week, the Coffee Hut 

proudly presents a collection of 
the world's greatest pre-fighting 
shorts ever seen, Come on out 
and relax Wednesday night with 
a 15¢ hot dog under the glow of the 
heaters . 

The Coffee Hut is sorry about 
the confusion caused by last 
week's advertising , but it was 
beyond control. Tonight and 
Saturday the Hut present s 
Tommy Triton and Paul Kanter . 
They are two local folk singers 
who like Nielson , Phil Oaks, 
Dylan and Simon and Garfunkle . 
They also write and play many of 
their own songs, some of which 
include : " Breakfast Table ," 
"Magic Man ," and " Thoughts of 
Fire. " 

If you liked John Best, watch 
for more to come . This week, the 
Revelle Interhall Council Air-
plane will throw a dance at 9 p.m. 
in Revelle Plaza . 

This Friday ight Movie in 
USB 2722 teams " In Like Flint " 
with the "Wild One," (Glen 
Forsch ) 

UCSD PRESENTS -
In conjunction with the La Jolla Museum of Art's 

DIMENSIONS OF BlACK 
FebrvlrY 15-Mlrch 29, 1970 

ma jor display of work by black ar tists, African 
and Amer ican, past and pr esent .. .. 

The Univer sity of Califor nia, San Diego takes pr ide 
In presenting the following outstanding Black 
pe r for m ing artists •... 

THE TOWOOA AfRICAN DANCE ENSEMBLE 
Situnilyl, feb . 21 Sherwood Hall, La Jolla 

(unreser ved) 
LEROI JONES AND COMPANY 

FridlY, feb . 27 In two one act plays at 
the UC SD Gymnasium 

SONNY TERRY AND BRO~NIE MC GHEE 
SundlY, Mar. 1 Rhythm and blues fron the old school. Sher wood Hall (Reserv ~d seating) 

lES C CANN IftlU 
SlturdlY, Mlr. 7 Jazz a~ her wood Hall 

(Re erved sea ting) 
--------------------._------------------------Tickets for Towoda Ensemble and Terry/ McGhe 
NOW at UCSD Central Box Office, r ey Ha 11 Lobby. 
Other s available after RB. 17. Phone reservations 

Triton TiM .. February 13.11970 . Pile 11 



From Sea 
To Stagnant Sea 
by St.v. Stryk.r 
Science Writer 

Entire ecological communities and 
biological cycles have been either par-
tially or totally destroyed by man's at-
tacks on the major source and preserver of 
all life, water. 

No natural body of water has been left 
Wltouched; if a lake has not already been 
killed by man-made wastes, it is almost 
certainly doomed to such a fate by the 
pollutants contained in the rivers flowing 
into it. If the sea is not already doomed, all 
of the insoluble "cleansing agents" and 
pesticides, from detergent to DDT, will 
ha\'e shortly completely altered its 
biological cycles, with corresponding 
deleterious consequences. If man cannot 
cope with the increasing amounts of his 
own waste which he must treat, then he 
will be able to use water neither for 
drinking nor irrigation. As Tom Lehrer 
quipped, 
"They got smog and sewage and mud, 
Turn on your tap and get hot and 
cold rWlning crud. " 

Sources of Pollution Varied 

Our waterways are currently con-
taminated by 16 different pollutants, which 
include wastes from municipalities and 
industries; drainage from farms and 
mines; wastes from animals; spilled oil; 
garbage from land development and 
logging; drainage from urban streets; sea 
water; mud from dredging and filling of 
deep water channels ; various organic and 
inorganic nutrients, causing 
eutrophication of large fresh-water 
bodies; radioactive contamination, as a 
result of nuclear testing; and thermal 
pollution caused by industry. Of all these 
"antagonists," two stand out as par-
ticularly galling problems. They are 
eutrophication (caused by nutrients in 
lakes) and agricultural drainage. 

1n order to comprehend how man has 
literaIly killed many fresh-water lakes, 
one must understand the natural process 
lake decay. An article by OIarles F . 
Powers in Scientific American, entitled 
" The Aging Great Lakes," gives the 
foIlowing description: 

"The natural aging process of a lake 
results from a process called 

'eutrophication,' which means biological 
enrichment of its water. A newly-formed, 
oligotrophic lake begins as a body of cold, 
clear, nearly sterile water. Gradually, 
streams from its drainage basins bring in 
nutrient substances, such as phosphorus 
and nitrogen, and the water's increasing 
fertility gives rise to great numbers of both 
aquatic plants and animals. As the living 
matter increases and organic deposits pile 
up on the lake bottom, the lake becomes 
smaller and shallower ; its waters become 

warmer; plants take root in the bottom 
and gradually take over more and more of 
the space; and their remains accelerate 
the filling of the basin. Eventually the lake 
becomes a marsh, is overrun by 
vegetation from the surrounding area, and 
disappears ." 

"Last Rites" for Lake Erie 

In the above description the lake "died" 
because accumulated nutrients caused a 
great increase in the amoWlt of plant life, 

TAPES STEREO CARTRIDGE TAPES 
4-Track - *2.98; 8-Track - $3.98 

for more information and catalog send 25C to: 

TAPES 
P.O. Box 91404 
Worldway Postal Center 
L.A .• Calif. 90009 

and a corresponding sediment ac-
ClUIlulation. Man's industrial (and other) 
pollutants have essentially served as 
nutrients and have greatly accelerated the 
process of lake eutrophication. A goodl 
example of this accelerated eutrophication 
is provided by Lake Erie. 

Fifty years ago Lake Erie was a young 
oligotrophic lake. Then man began 
pouring wastes into it, either directly or by 
way of streams rWlning into the lake . 
These pollutants have risen to such great 
concentrations in the lake that many of the 
fish (and other animal life) in the lake 
have been poisoned. Solid material has 
settled to the bottom and smothered the 
creatures dwelling there. Moreover, some 
of the solids have decayed aerobically and 
in so doing have depleted the water of one 
of its most vital constituents: dissolved 
oxygen. 

Algae, on the other hand, are thriving in 
the polluted waters, particularly since 
sewage wastes have considerable amounts 
of the plant.fertilizing elements nitrogen 
and phosphorus. The algae also have 
contributed to the depletion of oxygen in 
the lake and therefore have given the lake 
waters disagreeable tastes and odors. 

This, in turn, has frustrated the attempts 
of water-purifying plants to filter the 
water. Reciting the "last rites" over Lake 
Erie, Dennis O'leary, the head of the 
Water Pollution Control Board of San 
Diego CoWlty, declared, "Lake Erie has 
aged the equivalent of 15,000 years in the 
last 40." 

DDT, Water and the Bald Eagle 

Another major source of water pollution 
is agricultural drainage . Among other 
things, this has to do with the amoWlt of 
chlorinated hydrocarbons (especially 
DDT) which either reach the water basins 
through farming rWloff or are precipitated 
into the water from the air by rainfall. 
DDT is insoluble in water but highly 
soluble in fats and oils , and therefore tends 
to become concentrated in the fatty tissues 
of aquatic creatures and the organisms 
which prey on them. One of the 
catastrophic results of this has been the 
alteration of the food chains of many 
organisms, with especially deleterious 
effects on predatory birds near the top of 
the chains. Take , for example, the bald 
eagle. 

The bald eagle's food chain normally 
begins in the sea with the tiny plant 
organisms known as phytoplankton. These 
are eaten by larger organisms, which in 
turn are eaten by the fish which the eagle 
consumes. Each organism uses only about 
one-tenth of the available energy i.n the 
food it consumes for the construction of 
new tissue; the rest is used elsewhere. 1n 

other words, for every gram an organism 
increases in weight, it must consume 
about 10 grams. Because of this, sub-
stances such as DDT are concentrated to 
ever-increasing degrees as one proceeds 
up the food chain . Thus, the concentration 
of DDT in the bald eagle is very high. The 
concentrated DDT is stored in the eagle's 
fatty tissues. 

1n recent years calcium deficiencies 
have caused the shells of the bald eagle's 
eggs to become progressively thinner year 
by year, so that today, more often than 
not, the eggs break before the gestation 
period is completed. If this situation 
continues America's national bird will 
soon be extinct. 

By contrast, a morphologically similar 
species, the golden eagle, is not in danger 
of immediate extinction because the 
organisms it consumes, primarily rodents, 
contain far less DDT than the fish upon 
which the bald eagle preys. 

These two examples make evident the 
urgent need for concerted action to 
eliminate water pollution before it and 
other types of pollution eliminate us. 
Letters to state or federal officials pointing 
out the urgent need for action could 
provoke legislators to act. Letters to the 
state or local Water Pollution Control 
Board would also help, as would individual 
support of conservation movements and 
anti-pollution drives. 

For further information, please contact 
either Art Jokola or Pete Waasdorp at the 
Bureau of Environmental Design, 453-2000, 
ext. 1038, or John Edmund at Scripps, ext. 
1129. The time is now; the situation is most 
serious; and the action, hopefully, is 
immediately forthcoming from concerned 
individuals. 

7th Annual 
Europe 

Jet Flights 

Los Angeles·London (Round-tri p) 
(For Itudentl, facuity and .toff only) 
Spring Querter Speclel 
March 29.June te 11 Wk.. $255 

Summer Flight. 
Jun. 15·Sep. 22 14 Wk.. $295 
Jun. 21 -Aug. 21 9 Wk.. $295 
Jun. 22-Sep. 9 11 Wk.. $295 
Jul. 5·Sep. 3 6 Wk,. $295 
Sap. 28 LA-London (One-way) $135 

L TS Travel Service 
4246 Overland Ave., Dept. A, Culver City. 
C.lff. 90230, (213) 639-7591 
Marty: (714) 755-8850 

ASIAN AMERICAN RECREATION CLUB, INC. 

SUMMER JET CHARTERS 
to HONG KONG 

& OTHER ASIAN CITIES Reconstructionism! 
CONE AND HEAR GUEST IN RESIDENCE 454-1316 $407 Round-trip 

to Taipei & 
Hong Kong 

3-month nigbt 
2-month night 
1- month nigbt 

~ 
6ne-way 

- DR MORDECAI KAPLAN-
One of the great Jewish thinkers of 
the 20th Century, and founder of the 
Reconstructionist Move ment 

Speak on II RELIGION IN THE KEY 
TO HUMANISM" 

WEDNESDAY, fEB. 18 8 P.M. 
Reye"e Cafeteria 

Sponsored by Guest -in-Residence and JSA 

Page 12 Triton Times february 13. 1970 

". l , . t I ' .... t I I \ 

Rap with yoor PSA rep . 
Pam Peterson, agent for 
six non-stops daily to 
San Francisco. Flights 
every hour on the half-
hour to LA. Also, great 
service to Hollywood-
Burbank, San Jose , Oak-
lilnd . and Sacramento. 
\!' t ~ 
, ou ve go ~~~C'-- "'a 
her number. ~~] 

gIVes 
you a 11ft 

Charter 
to Japan 

Connecting flights to Singapore, Manila. Bangkok. Seoul 
and Calcutta, 

fOR INfORMATION. WRITE OR CALL 
Stanley 1.0, Flight Chairman 
P.O. Box 2549, Stanford. California 94305 
Phone: (415) 325-9015 

Name: ______________ _ 

Address: 
------------------------

Zip 

Free as a Bird "S o 
JaySberman 
Staff Writer 

Looking toward the ocean from 
Revelle or Muir, the graceful 
silhouette of the 58 Romeo, the 
UCSD glider, is often seen 
floating across the sky. The 
UCSD Soaring Club rues the 
sailplane regularly from the 
Torrey Pines Glider Port near 
the Salk Institute. 

The sensation of skimming 
lithely through the air with only 
the sOWld of the wind in one's 
ears is a singular pleasure for the 
forty enthusiastic members of 
the Soaring Club. 

However, so,aring involves 

Governor Williams 
'0 Address JR's 

Governor Jack Williams of 
Arizona will speak on campus 
Thursday, February 19, 1970 in 
room 1148 HL. Sponsored by the 
UCSD Young Republicans 
Governor Williams will talk o~ 
" Pollution and the People." 

Although many people still 
tiJ.ink of Arizona as a place of 
wlde-open spaces, Arizona has a 
growing pollution problem 
especially in the Phoenix area: 
Chris Bibb, YR President 
pointed out that the Young 
Republicans plan to present a 
se~ies of speakers dealing with 
thiS ever-increasing dilemma 
facing the United States . 

The visit of Governor Williams 
to San Diego is being arranged by 
the San Diego COWlty College 
Republicans. John Briscoe 
County College Republica~ 
Director, stated that Governor 
Williams will also speak on the 
campuses of San Diego State and 
Miracosta College. 

According to Briscoe 
" Governor Williams is a very 

·colorful personality who was 
born in California and moved to 
Arizona at an early age. He 
worked throughout the thirties 
and forties in the Newspaper and 
Broadcast Industries," Briscoe 
added. 

Before his election as Gover-
nor, Williams was twice elected 
Mayor of Phoenix and he was 
chosen Arizona "Man of the 
Year" in 1953. Elected governor 
in 1966, Williams was reelected in 
1968. 

STONES 

1Ila inlla 
~~nrtll 
lIarktt' 

2259 Aveblda DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 4!i9 - 3465 

Groc.ri.s, 
Pr.~.(., 
••• ts, . 

WI •• . , I •• , 
'- -.~--------

work as well as play. The club 
~s work parties every week, and 
IS presently refurbishing their 
winch which launches the 
sailplane . Work started on the 
winch last quarter when ten 
members, with the help of Dave 
Bainbridge 's skateboard, ex-
tracted the old broken engine. 
The club then bought a car for 
$50, and is currently installing its 
engine in the winch. 

Before a member can solo he or 
she must receive at least two 
hours of instruction from a 
certified instructor. Because 
Craig Maudlin is the only cer-
tified instructor in the club he 
finds that his services are rr:uch 

in demand. 
The club's 58 Romeo, which is a 

two seat trainer, has an in-
teresting background. It was 
once used in the Walt Disney 
movie " The Boy Who Flew with 
Eagles" in which the plane 
landed in a lake. Because the 
demand for waterlogged 
sailplanes was not great, the 
plane was purchased at a 
reasonable price by the P .E. 
department about a year ago. 

The Torrey Pines Glider Port 
which the Soaring Club calls 
home is one of the three most 
famous glider ports in the world. 
OIarles Undbergh has flown 
sailplanes from the Torrey Pines' 
cliffs. 

• \ 

A 
R 
I 
N 
G 

*CEILING 
AND 

VISIBILITV 
UNLIMITED 

At Pratt & Whitney Aircraft "cei ling and visibility unlimited" 
is not just an expression. For example, the President of our 
parent corporation joined P&WA only two years after receiv-
ing . an engineering degree. The preceding President, now 
Chairman, never worked for any other company. The current 
President of P&WA started in our eng ineering department 
as an experimental engineer and moved up to his present 
position. In fact, the majority of our senior officers all have 
one thing in common - degr~es in an engineering or 
scientific field. 
To insure CAVU·, we select our engineers and scientists 
carefully. Motivate them well . Give them the equipment and 
facilities only a leader can provide. Offer them company· paid, 
graduate education opportunities. Encourage them to push 
into fields that have not been explored before. Keep them 
reaching for a little bit more responsibility than they can 
manage. Reward them well when they do manage it. 
Your degree can be a B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in: MECHANICAL • 
AERONAUTICAL • ELECTRICAL • CHEMICAL • CIVIL • 
MARINE • INDUSTRIAL ENGINEERING • PHYSICS • CHEM-
ISTRY • METALLURGY • MATERIALS SCIENCE • CERAM-
ICS • MATHEMATICS • STATISTICS • COMPUTER SCI-
ENCE· ENGINEERING SCIENCE· ENGINEERING MECHANICS. 
Consult your college placement officer - or write Mr. 
~illiam L. Stoner, Engineering Department, Pratt & Whitney 
Aircraft, East Hartford, Connecticut 06108. 

CAVU· might also mean full utilization 01 your technical :iills 
through a wide range of challenging programs which includl iet 

engi~es for .the n~west milih.1Y and commercial aircraft. gas 
turbines for industrial and marine use, rocket engin~ 1M , ..... e 
programs, fuel cells for space vehicles and terrestrial uses, and 
other advanced systems. 

Pratt & Whitney ~ircraft U DIV'SION O~ UNITED i=i ..... "T eO .. ,.., ..... T IO .. 
EAST HAItTFOItD AND MIDDl[TOWN, CONNECTICUT 
WUT 'AUI BEACH. FlOltlDA 

Tri til Ti ... Fehrury 13, 1171 



L-S-D and Dope 
Sou rce Exposed 

Courtesy L "5"0 
Editor's Note: comments and questions have been regularly 

directed to the Sports Editor of the TRITON TIMES regarding the 
meaning of L·S·D, the intramural information source. To clarify the 
somewhat mysterious origin of the L·S"D dope sheet we searched for 
and discovered the group that is responsible . ilL " is for Lee Johnso~, 
intramural director the mediator of all protests and a pretty faIr 
squash player. "S" is for Ron Stutheit, Lee 's assistant, a pretty good 
flag football player. " D" is for Bar~ara Durb~n , sports infor~ation 
director, department secretary, publiCIty coordinator and distrIbutor, 
amateur cartoonist, and knowledge-storehouse. 

Open Lllgue 
The Panthers extended their record to 2-1 by defeating the 

previously unbeaten Devil's Advocates , ~. The forfeit resulted fr?m 
E.C. Moseley's failure to remember that he was not the most im-
portant man on campus. Clark, when you decide something you must 
tell others! Unfortunately, communications channels have not yet 
advanced to such a degree that information arrives by itself. A 
disgusted Rich Steele offered to get Benny out of one of the local bars, 
Rietherman off the volleyball court, and stand the Blacks with three 
men, but it was useless. 

Snow Lelgue 
The point-hungry, fifth-ranked Dirty Birds stuck it to the Puberty 

Rites, 87-12. Refusing to joke around with the puberulent Puberty 
Boys, Warner and Christopherson added 19 points apiece in their race 
to win the scoring title . Next to an experienced Bomber squad, the 
Dirty Birds boast the largest group of female rooters. We must laud 
one member of the Puberty Rites, though, for recruiting the prettiest 
fan, a tall , very attractive blond . U the Puberulent Prowlers could 
only play basketball as well as they select their women, they would be 
harder to beat than the tough-skinned Dildos. 

Smick Lelgue 
Chem-Bio, after mixing a strong potion of something in one of their 

labs, finally got on the winning side by downing the poor shooting Yuba 
City Honkers 60-38 in a loosely called game. The Chern Ph.D.'s have an 
easier schedule from here on out and, with luck, might win a couple 
more. As for the Honkers, they had better recruit from more places 
than Davis to find a winner . 

In other action , Cantanall beat FOC, 57-40. If the old men from <lown 
the hill had a few more players, they could be right in the thick of 
things. Saturday the Yuba City boys beat Argo III, but lost the 
following day to the Mudhens 38-37. The Mudhens are worse than we 
gave them credit for . 

DMT League 
The oft feared Southside Sewage finally had a team show up against 

them , but that didn't do SSS any good. The SSS said they were close 
until the fourth quarter , but with the final score Meher Baba Legion 69 
and SSS 44, it must have been one heck of a final period. 

Gold Lelgue 
The hapless Weenies were unhappy again. They were swamped by 

the Panthers 73-33. It must be the tremendous passing ability of Lenny 
Goins . Perhaps he should shoot more. BOI showed up against Scripps 
Saturday without Butler or Harnsberger, but they shouldn't have . In 
other action, PML got clobbered by the Butfakes, (ho hum). 

Gress Lelgue 
The Checkered Demons were checkmated by the psyched-up 

Psychology Department. Monk White of the Shrinks surpassed Benny 
Richards' season high of 30 points when he poured in 38. A lot can be 
said for the Checkered Demons, since they played the entire game 
without asking for a single time out. The Checkered Demons played 
Peace Feelers Saturday. Checkered Demons won. Enough said. 
Checkered Demons played the Bunglers Sunday . Bunglers won. Too 
much said. 

Intramural Basketball Standings 
'i L Smack 

Gold Cantanall 0 
Mudhens 0 Butlakes 0 Y .C. Honkers J Scr ipps 0 Chern Bio 2 BOI , F .O .C. 2 Panthers 2 ArQo III 3 Weenies H. Oinker 

" 
J 

PML 

Grass Snow 

Psych 0 o"ty Birds 0 
Progerians 0 Cabrillo Hall , 
Bunglers 1 Orcs II 2 
C. Demons 3 K. Krillers J 
Ob,e I 1 L.S.C. 4 
S. Shytheads ~ 2 Nads 
P . Feelers 0 5 puberty Riles 

Open OMT 

Rubberband 4 Meher Baba L J 0 
DeVIls 4 Weasels 2 0 
Panthers 2 Sou thSI de Sew 2 
Cabrones I C.O .D. 2 
Wimps 0 PhIlOSophy 0 

XXXX 0 4 

PI .. 14 Triton Times Februlry D. 191 0 

FRONT ROW (kneeltng 1. to r.): Ed Calugay, 
Javier Correa, Bob Wilson, Mike Dltomaso, 
Randy Ziegler. 

BACK ROW (standtng I. to r_): Fred Grunewald, 
John Gressard, Geffrey Graham, Howard Clark, 
Joe Prenn, Coach Chuck Millenbah. 

Bod Squ.d 8 •• ,.n 24-16 

String runs out as Tritons 'a" to Aztecs 
The winning streak finally ran out for the UCSD nailed Randy Ziegier, 150, iri 1:42 of the opening 

wrestling team, but not before they gave a strong stanza in their match . 
San Diego State squad a run for their money The Tritons, though, stayed in the contest to the 
Tuesday, Feb. 3. The Triton grapplers, probably end, parUy because of very strong matches from 
tougher than San Diego State had expected, made a Javier (Speedy ) Correa, 126, and 19O-pound Joe 
very creditable showing in their 24-16 loss to the Prenn. Correa defeated Ward of State in fine style, 
Aztecs. B-3. Later in the match Prenn completely dominated 

The Aztecs were led by Gray Graham and Steve Larsen and coasted to an 8-0 victory. 
Jackson, who pinned their opponents in the 167-and The local matmen are on the road again this 
150-pound divisions . Graham pinned 167-pound Fred weekend, visiting Los Angeles for the Biola Tour-
Grunewald in 1:56 of the first period, while Jackson nament. 

Cagers Gun For 10th W in 
Against LA Baptist Tonite 

The UCSD basketball team is 
on its home court tonight for the 
next-to-Iast time this season, 
hosting Los Angeles Baptist 
College at 8 p.m. The Tritons will 
be gunning for a victory to im-
prove their 9-11 season record 
behind the shooting of Ed 
Babiuch (16.1 game average ) and 
Guy Dimonte (16.6 game 
average). 

In last week's action the local 
team suffered a 14-point defeat at 
the hands of UC Irvine, came 
back to crush La Verne 104-79, 
and lost a heart-breaker to 
United States International 
University Feb. 4 by one point, 72-
71, on a last-second Westerner 
shot. 

Trailing by nine points, 67-58, 
with 2:58 to play, the Tritons 
rallied for nine straight points to 

I-M Basketball 
Gold 

Name Team 

parr Sc ri pps 
Tully PML 
Arter Bullakes 
Henry Panthers 
Snow 

Warner Dirty Bird s 
Hughes Kris py Krillers 
R ichardson Kr is py K rillers 
Christophers Dirty Bird s 
Chaves Cabrillo Hall 
DMT 

Mastick Weasels 
Coleman Weasels 
Cassman Meher Baba Legion 
Bullock Meher Baba Legion 
Kendall Weasels 
Open 

Steele Devi ls 
R ichards Devil s 
Ka m merd iner Rubberband 
GOins Panthers 
Fulkerson Cabrones 
SmaCk 

Paddock Chem · Bio 
Russell Cantanall 
Bliss F .O.C . 
Hea ton Cantanall 
Grass 

Waite Psychology 
Curti s Bunglers 
AtkIns Progerlans 
Devin Progerian5 

tie the game, only to give way on . 
a 10.(oot shot by USIU's Tim 
Collins nine seconds before the 
end of the game. The loss evens 
the score with the Westerners 
since UCSD won an earlier 
season contest 88-76. Ed Babiuch 
led the local team with 19 points, 
and leading scorer Guy Dirilonte 
was held to six. 

The Tritons came back nicely 
last Friday with a crushing 104-79 
triumph over La Verne. Coasting 
to a record point total for the 
season, the Tritons had ten 
players reach the scoring 
column, highlighted by five men 
with double figures . The 
balanced attack was headed by 
Ed Babiuch's 20 points, Guy 
Dimone's 17, Jim Boyd's and 
Brian Todd's 14 each, and Mark 
Wilson 's 13. 

leading Scorers 

Game:' , Tot.1 Poin ts 

3 50 
4 60 
3 44 
3 44 

6 115 
4 

" 3 53 
6 U 
3 41 

45 
n 
49 4. 
30 

58 
4 

'05 
4 81 
I 20 
4 78 

J 54 
5 7. 
2 26 

64 

4 97 
3 67 
2 38 
2 3 4 

1'-6 
15 .0 
14 .6 
14 .6 

19 . I 
15.3 
14.3 
14.3 
13.7 

22.5 
1'.5 
16.3 
16.J 
15.0 

29 .0 
26 .3 
20 .3 
20 .0 
19 .5 

18.0 
'5.6 
13.0 
12.8 

24 .3 
22.4 
If.O 
17.0 

COACH BARRY CUNNlliGHAM 

UCSD's record came to rest at 
9-11 Tuesday at UC Irvine as the 
Tritons surrendered 9~. Irvine 
could muster only a four-man 
attack, but it was good for 75 of 
their points,led by Cunningham 's 
28, to stop the La Jollans. The 
Tritons once again were led by 
Ed Babiuch, who got 16 points, 
and trailed only 42-38 at the half, 
before falling behind in the final 
stanza. 

Last week's box scores : 

UStu (72) UCSD (71) 
OFT OFT W~"d1~' ~11~:f5 ~ ~r,'~h ~ ~~ 1~ 
f~:~fon ~ U ~ grm"OI1,. g Id 'l ~,,:~:,on I ~l ~ ~~O. t t.1 '~ 
Go"e. 2 1·2 5 Von Epp, 3 1-2 7 
Bolden 1 0-0 2 H.'ser 3 1-' 7 
Burrowl 0 0-0 0 Corter 1 0-0 2 
Tllol. 16 2t-31 72 Tetals Jt '''1' 71 

~~\~m~'lc~'USI~~'Wu~;o~~~Du~so _ 
Wilson, HeJser. 

TOla' foulS - USIU 11. UCSD 20. 

L4 VERN!! (m UeSD (1M) 
OFT OFT 

COOk 5 2·3 12 Bobluch I <-<\ 20 
L.Jocksn 5 5-7 15 Wilson l J.7 11 3 Qu ln" 2 H • BoVd 7 1-1 5 
TVler 5 H .. Dlmonl, 6 5-7 11 
Molonv 3 2·' I Bu,lo" J 2·2 • 
Mllch,1I 2 2·2 6 Todd I 12 .. 15 l' 
M.JoCk.. I 0-0 2 Von Epps 2 2" 6 
Henderson 1 l·J 3 He lser 1 1·2 3 :~~~~~k ~ ~:i ~ ~~~:: i g:~ ! 
Agnew 1 1·2 l Turner 0 0·1 0 
Tolal. 27 25-33 1J T..... 37 lCO·.' It. 

HOlflime score: UCSD s., LoVerne 33. 
~gr~f1o~~!~ t~~:~~:'l~~~£S~~~~nY. 

I ue .r.i •• (H) UC s.. D .... \_ \ 
I (211 Cunn'J19h.m F Blbb'ch 16 (1,27 Moore F Wilson (t) (G!'9'.' t eavd (7l 

OIISa b,n, G DeMon I. 111 
COl Born.. G eurton 21 

kart Dr H.tv .. 
uc Sin Dleoa 
UC Irv ine . .. JI <2_ 

. .2 52.-,< 
Scorlna SubS: UC IrvIne : Burllnaham (3), e.," 141. F.rw.II {2J, Fa. (" W ... 

"rman (1) , Mfnao ($) , 
UC San OI.QO ; TOdd (11). V.n Epp, (' ), H.lso, (2). Krooor CI), Corlor (') 

Greorv (2), Turner rAt • 

Horoscope 
P LANETARY VIBRA-
TION S FOR THE WEEK 
OF F E BRUARY 13-19. 

ARI ES 
Ma r . 21 -Apr. l' 

Element: Fire. Planetary ruler: 
Mars. Mars transiting Aries 
provides opportunities through-
out February, especially aiding 
friendships and studies. Be alert 
for possible legalistic or 
monetary difficulties Monday 
and Tuesday. 

TAURUS 
Apr. 20.May 20 

Element : Earth. Planetary 
ruler : Venus. Utilize your inher-
ent patience and persistence to 
overcome obstacles this weekend 
as the sun and moon are inhar-
monious to your Taurean sun. 
Prospects brighten Monday as 
Venus and the moon inscribe 
your sun in a harmonious aspect, 
but scrutinize communications to 
prevent deception. • 

GE MINI 
May 21-June 21 

Element: Air. Planetary ruler ; 
Mercury. The moon, in Gemini 
this weekend, stimulates 
romance, yet its opposition to 
Neptune dampens creativity and 
warns you to prevent misunder-
standings. Use your potentiality 
as the great communicator to 
create tolerance and patience in 
others. 

... ... ¥ ....................... .. 

Kickers Lose 
Isf Match 6·2 

National City's Mexican-
American United Club handed 
UCSD its first soccer loss of the 
season, 6-2, at the camp Mat-
thews field last Sunday. By 
winning the second-place 
Mexicans have obligated UCSD 
to gain at least a tie in the two 
teams' final meeting of the 
season at Robb Field this coming 
Sunday. Should the UCSD club 
lose that match, a playoff will 
have to be scheduled to deter-
mine the division champion_ 
UCSD won an early season 
meeting by a score of 3-1. 

The first hour of Sunday:s 
match featured the best soccer 
played here in years . MAUC 
scored first on a long shot from 
deep in the left corner of the field . 
Brent Thurston-Rogers then 
scored for UCSD in a scramble in 
front of the visitors' goal, but 
MAUC soon retaliated on a fine 
cross to an open player in front of 
the UCSD net. Arch Reid then 
completed UCSD's scoring with a 
shot from close in, to gain a 2-2 
halftime tie. Both UCSD goals 
were set up by aggressive play on 
the part of left wing Herbert 
Diekmann. 

UCSD dominated play for the 
fj rst fifteen min utes of the second 
half, but then team captain 
Thurston-Rogers was forced to 
retire with an injured ankle. The 
Mexicans then scored two quick 
goals and the demoralized home 
team was never again able to 
mOlDlt an attack. 

This corning Sunday's game 
promises to be the best and 
possibly toughest of the year for 
the UCSD club_ UCSD expects to 
be back at full strength with the 
return of star right inside Denis 
Colacicco, RJchard Boeckl , and 
Thurston-Rogers, all of whom 
missed the last contest with in-
juries. 

CANCE R 
June 22-July 22 

Element: Water. Planetary 
ruler: Moon. The week's aspects 
foretell of much activity, which 
oscillates between the fortuitous 
and the risky. The moon is in 
Cancer Sunday through Tuesday, 
suggesting that you surround 
yourself with harmonious people. 
The moon also forms an unfavor-
Bble aspect to Uranus so you are 
subject to startling changes 
(possibly a monetary gain) but 
should avoid speculation. 

LEO 
J uly 13-Aug. 22 

Element : Fire. Planetary ruler : 
SWl. The current inharmonious 
vibrations improve and your bold 
yet affectionate nature is 
stimulated as the moon passes 
over your Leo sun Wednesday 
evening through Friday, Feb. 20. 
The moon also forms favorable 
aspects for study and creativity. 
Be shrewd as new opportunities 
appear. 

VIRGO 
Aug . 23-Sept. 22 

Element : Earth. Planetary 
ruler ; Mercury. Today success in 
creative and studious endeavors 

can accent the harmonious 
vibrations as Mercury is in 
favorable aspect to both the moon . 
and Neptune. Mercury moves to 
an inharmonious aspect with 
Saturn, so exert the utmost tact, 
discretion, and patience Sunday 
evening through Friday, Feb. 20. 

LIBRA 
Sept. 23-Oct. 22 

Element: Air. Planetary ruler : 
Venus. The current positions of 
the sun and moon in Aquarius and 
Gemini respectively ( the other 
two "air" signs ) are the most 
benefic arrangement of the sun 
and moon. With Venus in un-
favorable angle to Neptune 
Saturday, guard against finan-
cial or romantic upsets and 
postpone investments and major 
expenditures . 

SCORPIO 
Oct. 23-Nov. 21 

Element ; Water . Planetary 
ruler : Pluto. Jupiter, the great 
benevolent planet, is passing 
through Scorpio, but is opposed 
by the malefic Saturn, so to reap 
the benefits of Jupiter, Scorpios 
must utilize their great powers of 
concentration and determlnation_ 
Monday and Wednesday witness 
beautiful aspects of the moon, 

Venus, and Jupiter: anticipate 
romantic and harmonious 
vibrations. 

SAGITTARIUS 
Nov_ 22-0.(. 21 

Element: Fire. Planetary ruler : 
Jupiter . As slow-moving Neptune 
enters your sign, sociable 
Sagittarians discover the 
necessity of self-reliance : many 
problems must be met alone_ 
However, Monday through 
Wednesday morning witnesses 
the moon and Venus in favorable 
aspect to Jupiter, also the moon 
in favorable aspect to Neptune, 
creating ideal opportunities for 
romance, creativity, and good 
luck. 

CAPRICORN 
Dee. 22-Jan. 19 

ElemeQ.t : Earth. Planetary 
ruler : Saturn. Saturn is in a 
beautiful aspect with your 
Capricorn sun and your week 
should be harmonious with few 
obstacles. Monday and Tuesday 
the moon and Venus are in 
favorable aspect to Saturn , 
however, Mercury is unfavorable 
to Saturn so make the most of 
romance, scrutinize com-
munications, and save your 
studies for another day. 

AQUARIUS 
J.n _ 20-Feb. 18 

Element: Air. Planetary ruler : 
Uranus. With the sun and Mer-
cury (planet of communications 
and mental activity ) both in 
Aquarius, forming benevolent 
aspects to the moon, this should 
be an ideal period for you, 
especially in romantic and in-
tellectual endeavors. Monday, 
with Mercury very unfavorable 
to Saturn, you might postpone 
studies and should avoid 
misinterpretations of com-
munications. 

PISCES 
Feb. 19-Mar. 20 

Element: Water . Planetary 
ruler : Neptune. Venus transits 
Pisces throughout the week, 
stimulating romantic relation-
ships; however , Venus is un-
favorable to Neptune today, so 
avoid friction . The sun enters 
Pisces Wednesday to form a 90-
degree angle (unfavorable ) with 
Neptune on Thursday, so concen-
trate on developing the com-
passionate facets of your nature. 

ASPECTS AND DELINE-
ATIONS BY ORACLE 
AND BY SUSIE GOR-
MllE . 

ENGINEERS - SCIENTISTS 

i ) • 
" 1, ' ~¥--

---..... \1 f ~ ,~1 
Program 

Diversification 
important foundation for your career in aerospace 

At Convair, we have always recogn ized the need 
to develop tomorrow's leaders today. Among 
the college graduates who join us now are the 
individuals who will s pearhead our unusually 
diverse engineering an d scientific activities , 5, 10 
and 15 years in the future . Convair 's un ique 
degree of produc t- line diversification is your 
assurance of many open avenues toward 
personal progress. 

Typical of the broad spectrum of activity at 
Convair are these co nt in uing programs . . . 

Space Launch Veh icles 
Reusable Space Shuttles 
Experimental Satellites 
Oceanographic Mon itoring Systems 
Range Measurement Systems 
Large Erectable Space Structures 
Military and Commercial Aircraft 

. and, at the moment, 105 other studies 
and programs. 

For its continuing work in virtually every phase 

of aerospace, Convair is seeking ind ividuals 
with degrees in Aeronautical , Civ il, El ect ri cal and 
Mechanical Engineering and in Enginee ring 
and Computer Sciences. 

Outstanding fr inge benefits ... tu ition ass istance 
prog rams for advanced studies at the a rea' s 
four institutions of higher learning ... a nd the 
un ique cultural / recreational climate of S a n 
Diego are bonus add-ons to the opportunities 
provided by Convair's unusual diversification . 

Our representative will be on campus soon. 
Contac t your Placement Officer to arra nge an 
interview, or write to ' 

Mr. J . J . Tannone, Supervisor. ProfeSSional 
Placement and Personnel , 5453 Kearny Vil la Road , 
San Diego, California 92112. 

GENERAL DYNAMIC:S 
Con vair Division 
An Equal Opportunity Employer Mf F 

TriIDn r .... february 13,/ 1970 Plge 15 



tonight 
Tonight , Guest in Residence SAm 
Guilliam , black art ist from Washing-
ton, D_C., w ill hold a rap session in the 
Beagle Guest Apt . at 7 :30. Mr . 
Guilliam is one of the art ists w ith " Di· 
mensions of Black" open ing Sunday at 
the La Jolla Art Museum . 

Philosophy Colloquium : John Vickers 
from Claremont Graduate School. 3 
p.m . in the Revelle Informal Lounge . 

Associated Students present "In Like 
Flint"-a spy spoof with James 
Coburn , plus " Wil d One ." Movies 
screen at 7: 30 p .m . in USB 2722. Ad -
mission 5O¢ . 

s,turd" 

A Chamber Concert is presented by 
the Dept. of Music at 8:30 p .m . in MC 
409 . Featured are Beverly Ogden , 
Stuart Dempster , Bertram Turetsky 
and Keith Humble performing works 
by Ernst Krenek, Kenneth Baboro and 
Robert Erickson . 

" Ralph " and " Cheyene Band " w i ll 
play at a free Plaza dance beg inn ing 
at 9 p .m . 

Coffee Hut entertainment includes 
Paul Kanter and Tommy Tr i ton and 
Fr iends start ing at 9 p.m . 

The f irst annual UCSD paper airplane 
f ly will be held at 6:30 in the gym ; 
amateur and professional paper flyers 
w ill be show ing the ir sk i ll in f ields of 
duration, d istance flown , aerobatics, 
and orig inality-with winners and 
runners -up in each category . Each 
entry is 25 cents , wh ich is turned in 
w i th an applicat ion (available at the 
Resident Dean 's off ice ). Awards w ill 
be presented at the Valent ine 's Day 
dance in the plaza . 

sund,y 
The th ird in the sem inar series , New 
Dimens i ons i n Environmental 
Awareness, w i ll be presented this 
Sunday even ing at 7 p .m . In the 
Humanit ies Library Auditorium . The 
featured topic w i ll be " The Nature of 
Man." Mr . Robert Mosher will speak 
on Human izing the Urban En · 
vironment ; Dr . Mort Shav i tz w i ll 
speak on Chang ing Values- Choice or 
Necessi ty ; Dr . Arnold Mandell w ill 
speak on Man 's Ad justment in a 
Comp lex Soc iety w i th Mr . Ed 
Donovan act ing as Faci li tator . Free 
and Open to al l. 

Sunday, February 15, there w il l be an 
open meeting of the CleAn A ir Council 
of SAn Diego at 7 p.m . in the Un -

. dergraduate Science Building, room 
2622. The main speaker will be State 
Senator Ja m es M ills, Chairman of the 
Comm ittee of Transportat ion . Also 
featured w ill be the " SlOW Guillotine" 
starring Jack Lemmon and Ralph 
Nader . Free and Open to the Publ ic . 

"Nothing but a Man : Roemer" w ill be 
shown at 7:30 p .m . in USB 2722. 

.. 

Seminar on new dimensions of en-
vironmental awareness w ill be held 
beg inn ing at 7 p .m . In HL Aud . 

Creative Arts Workshop w ill be held 
Sunday at 2 p .m . in the Prancing 
Pony . The leather workshop Is under 
the direction of Karen Bus iC . Br ing 
anyth ing special you want to work 
with . 

mond,y 
LAUGH-OUT : Viet Nam . 
A comic take.off on American in-
volvement in Viet Nam . Monday, 
February 16 ... 7:30·8:30 p .m . HL· 
Aud i tor ium . 

wednesda, 

Wednesday Night at the Movies (at 
the Coffee Hut) will show " San Diego, 
I Love You " at 9 p .m. 

Robert Gartside and Keith Humble 
w i ll perform songs by Dowland, 
Ravel. Ives, Humble, Schoenberg and 
Schumann at 8 :30 p.m . in MC 409. 

Dr . Mordecai Kaplan, founder of 
Reconstructionist Judaism w ill be on 
cam pus Wednesday , February 18. He 
w i ll be speaking on " Rel igion is the 
Key to Human ism" at 8 p .m. in the 
Revelle College Cafeteria . The lecture 
is free and open to the publ ic. 

thursd,y 

"The Amer ican Tra i l " and "Wild 
R ivers" are part of the SIO Sum -
mernoon Series shown at noon in the 
Sumner Auditorium . 

Feb . 19 Guest in Residence James 
A rnold will discuss the information ' 
gathered from the moon samples . 8:30 
ThursdClY evening at Beagle Apart · 
ment. 

" The Historical Authenticity of Jesus 
Chr ist " is the subject of a lecture by 
Dr . S.W. Montgomer y in USB 2722 at 
8 :30 p.m . 

The f irst in a series of living-room 
Communions w i ll be held next Wed -
nesday at 7:30 in the home of Paul and 
Marge Ell ingsen , 2716 St. Laurent In 
La Jolla . 

A contemporary Eucharist from the 
University of Wisconsin w ill be the 
worship form at University Lutheran 
Church this Sunday. The service 
begins at 10 a .m ., Pastor John Huber 
w ill preach on "The Advantage of 
Being Religious," based on a por tion 
of the Book of Romans . 

A new inquirers group has been 
started for those who have quest ions 
about Christian fa i th , ethical 
decisions , denom in at iona l d if · 
ferences, choice of church mem -
bership , and what it all has to do w ith 
li fe and everyday real ity . The ggroup 
meets weekly in the lounge of 
Un i vers i ty Lutheran Church 
Tuesdays at 7: 30 p .m . until 9. 

The Cal tech Env ironmental Act ion 
Council is plann ing a Teach-I n on the 
Environment for Earthday, A pril 22. 
This will synchronize with the 
Nat ional Teach · ln , sponsored by 
Senator Nelson ( D·Wis,) and Rep. 
McCloskey ( R-Cal.), wh ich a ims to 
bring students across the country Into 
the battle for a cleaner world . We at 
Cal tech are offer ing a poster contest 
w i th a first prize of S50 for the best 
poster on the theme of an E arth Day 
Celebration, a day of joyous thanks for 
the bless ings we still have, a day of 
d iscussion and learn ing about the 
problems we face and possible 
solutions, and a day of pledg ing 
ourselves to the development of a true 
ecological balance between man and 
the other citizens of the world , the 
plants, an imals and conditions that 
make li fe poss ible. We welcome help 
and suggestions from any other 
members of the community, 
espec ially the profess ionals and 
workers in the field of ecology and the 
other campuses planning Teach -Ins. 
Entries and letters may be sent to 
CEAC, cl o Cali fornia Inst itute of 
Technology, Pasadena, Calif., 91109. 
The deadline is February 20, 1970. 

The ASSOCIA TED STUDENTS Presents 
Coffee Hut 
Wedne~day , Feb. 18 9 :00 

GROOVY X-RATED TRASH FLICKS 

plus 15C Hot Dog . 

• 

Friday Night 
at the Movies 

'IN LIKE fLINT' 
'THE WILD ONE' 

".. Triton Tines FebRllry 13, 1970 

Friday and Saturday, 9 :00 

vl rious Ind sundry 

fOLKSINGERS 

U SB 2722 
7 :30 50C 

The Ecumentical Communi t y con -
tinues to meet on Wednesdays at the 
student lounge of University Lutheran 
Church . At 5 p .m . dinner Is served for 
a 25 cent donation . At 6 p .m ., three 
special interest groups will meet : 
Social Action, with Bill Coats , 
Ep iscopal chaplain, Group En -
counter : with Ed Donovan, Ca tholic 
priest, and Theological Study, with 
John Huber, Lutheran pastor . 

A ca dem ic ad vise m ent dates for 
spring quarter registration are Feb . 
16-20 ; the enrollment card filing dates 
are Feb . 24-27 . All continu ing students 
must enroll at th is time . Consult a 
schedule of classes (available in the 
bookstore by Feb. 17) for reg istrat ion 
deta i ls. 

The Dean of Student Affa irs card has 
been eliminated; the St udent In-
form at ion Correct ion card Is to be 
used to correct or complete cr i t ically 
required data . Please check the left 
half of th is form carefully and pr int 
only m issing data or corrections on 
the r ighl half of the form . If you have 
Indicated any changes or correct ions, 
return the r ight hand portion . In the 
event th is card is not returned , It will 
be assumed that this information was 
correctly recorded . 

KSDT 
Friday Gary Greml in and his fr iends 
can be heard at 9 p .m . Saturday , also 
at 9 p.m ., Joshua and his Prophet ic 
w i ll play. Sunday at 9 p.m . H .G. Wells 
and Jules Verne classics and a stroll 
down memory lane will be featured . 

.nnounc.m.nt. 

Next weekend Is a convention In Los 
Angeles of the L ibertarian Alliance, 
which will take place at the University 
of Southern California . For In -
formation on signing up call Randy 
Erickson at 582-5686. 

Career employer and graduate school 
representatives on campus next week 
include : City of Los Angeles, Pacific 
Telephone, Atlantic Richfield , 
General Research Corp ., RCA, 
General Dynamics, USC Graduate 
School of Business Administration. 
Make appointment at Career Place-
ment Office . Bldg . 250 Me. 

clubs 
Tri d ent Chris t ian F ell ow sh i p : 
Mondays- Weekly Lecture " Con -
temporary Religious Thought " 8 p .m . 
2A2113 Tuesdays - Quest ion and 
Answer 8:30 p .m . 8854 Knott lngham 
Place , L.J. Thursdays- Weekly 
Lecture " The Christian Philosophy ()f 
His tory" 8:30 p .m . USB2722. 

Basketba ll vs . San Diego State 6 p.m . 
LA Baptist 8 p .m . UCSD Gym., Feb . 
13. 

Baseball vs . Cal Lutheran UCSD 
Baseball Field 2:30 p .m ., Friday, Feb. 
13. 

Fencing vs . Cal State Long Beach, San 
Diego State UCSD Gym 1 p .m ., Sat ., 
Feb. 14. 

ON STAGE! OPEN_S FEB 17 Studonts $1,,50 uc_ s~ii1to 
or Sp. Perf. 

HALFWAY 
UP THE TREE 

Peter U stinov's sharp wi t p rovid es 
a refreshing out look ... a father a t-
tempts to "out'drop" his drop-out 
child ren . . . offspring are shocked 
a t pa rental b ehavior. 

• 

" 50 ' S1 00 (I u .. . Wed . I~u, . , Sun. fve •. , phone 239-2255 0noftoenr 
S3 00 ' S1 50 (F" .• So •. E . ... , 
52 00 & 51.50 (Sun. MOh., or Centra l Box Office, 
51.50 S ••. '~ ,u (011. ' !n1;".d .... ,1. .. (. SOl . EVI. Lobby, Ur ey Hall, UCSD 

olb globe tbeatre 
balboa par~ on ,togo 

XEROX COPI ES 

4 .... COLLATED FREE ... 20c MINIMlJM 8 x 1 I EA. U NROU NO 
.GOODlJJR4~~ 

1251 • 4TH AVENUE • 
6141 MISSION GORGE ROAD • 

(714) 239·214' 
(714) 211·1611 


