
University of California, San Di 

THE RENTAGON. AND THE PROFESSOR 
Steve stryker, Science Writer 

War research has become an embroiled issue during the last month. In lieu 
of this occurrence it has become necessary to clarify and explain exactly what 
type of research is done on the UCSD campua, what agencies support the 
research, and the relationship of the research to the war effort. This report, 
then, wHl be a survey of just such topic. with the hope of correcting many 
muconceptions the campus community may have about research endeavors. 
My thanks to all those departmental chairmen and institute faculty and staff 
for their assistance in the compilation of the necessary materials for this ar-
ticle. 

On May 26 the Music Department issued an Anti-Military Band Manifesto. In it was the 
plea for the "tennination of all war-related music-making on any level which we may 
consider injurious to the physiological, emotional·psychological potentials of all of our 
brotben." This statement points up the lack of cMinition of war-related anything, 
apeclflcally war research. From the viewpoint expressed above, war-related music 
could be any music from Bach to John Philip Sousa to the Beatles. Thus, too, can the 
ume be IBid of war research, Le. any inquiry which is done in the academic environ-
ment may possibly be used by the military for the purposes of war. For this report, how-
ever, war ruearch will be defined as any research which in any direct and immediate 
way contributes to the war operations in Southeast Asia or to the military technology of 
the U.s. The purpose of this article is, then, to ascertain whether any investigations are 
occuring at UCSD which have application as war research as defined above. 

The criteria which were used in obtaining the pertinent infonnation were the 
following: a) what type of research Ia being done by the faculty of each department and 
institute; b) the supporting agency of the researcher; c) the amount of money involved 
in the research grant; d) the application of this research to the war effort (by the 
definition above); and e) how much outside faculty consulting is related to campus 
reaearcb activities. 

(Note 1: The figures which will be quoted are based on total money allocations. That is, 
tbe figures include amounts given by the Wliversity and the supporting agency together 
and is used to cover support of faculty, graduate students, and research facilities - the 
latter two items use up the majority of the funds. ) 

(Note 2: If a department is not listed in the subsequent paragraphs, then the depart-
ment is not receiving any research funds from any supporting agency outside the 
tDliverslty, and therefore, is not of concern to the purpose of this article.) 

Professor William Thompson of PhysicS told me that in essence the Vietnam war is not 
a technological war, but one in which infonnation can be gathered about the attitude of 
the people in the villages, about the social organization in Vietnam, and about the 
political and economic structure of this war-torn country. It is along these lines that 
research in the hmnanities and social sciences could conceivably have some relevant 
effect on military operations there. 

In Antltropoloty, Profnsor Spiro h.s for the lut two fiscal years been supported by the Public 
H •• ltIt S.rvlc •• nd tit. N.tlon.1 Institute of H.alth In his r.s.lrch on Culture, R.ligloll, and Per. 
son.lity In Soutlt •• st Asi. wi'" funds totaling 572,193. Prof.ssor Clrmack Is being supported by $6,102 
from the Public H •• lth Servlc. to do • study of Crime In I Highl.nd Gu.t.mlll Community. 

In Ec_mlcs, the NatioMI Scionce Foundation Is supporting Prof.ssor B •• r in re,elrch he is 
doing on Economic Theory Ind Distribution Lags, with the funding support being 545,200. Professor 
Orr Is doing r .... rch und.r NSF on Optlm.1 As .. t Mln.gom.nt Ind the Dem.nd for Money, with 
r .... rch support tot. ling 536,300. 

The Dep.rtm.nt of Linguistics has two rese.rch grants from the NSF. One grlnt is for 
$34,000 - for ProfHHr Ch.plln In his r."arch In comput.tlon.1 linguistics. The other grlnt is $6,000 
for Professor llngdon In his re"arch In Hok.n languI"s. 

The P .E . Department Is bl.ss.d with I gr.nt from the Natlonll Coliegiat. Athl.tics Auociation of 
525,000 for I summer youth program. 

The Psychology Departm.nt is receiving rese.rch funding from four major governmental sources. 
Professor Mandler has monies from the National Instltut. of M.ntll H.alth tot.ling .Imost $173,000 
for work in human Inform.tion "rocessing and discrimination lutnlng. The NSF Is supporting four 
professors' work in th.arns of response, identific.tion, verb.llurnlngancl m.mory for the amount 
of around 5105,000. The HEW Office of Education is financi.lly backl ... Andonon's research in 
mathematical In.lysls of Information to the sum of $11,613. Finally, tfIe National Institute of 
Neurological Dise.1IS .nd Blindness Is supporting Professor, Norman .nd Groen's research in 
Computer Studies of S.nsory Processing Ind Mlsking Mech.nlsms, rnpectlv.'y, to the sum of 
$18,462. 

Thus, in the humanities and social sciences, in the reeearch that Is funded by outside 
agencies it is possible that Professor Thompson's statement may well be true, but only in 
an indirect manner. "For the research in these areas," according to staff writer Aileen 
Hietanen, "does not come from agencies like DOD or NASA, but from more medical and 
scientifically oriented agencies." Further, any possible use of the infonnation obtained" 
from this research by the military would come only after the information is published on 
the "open market" in the technical journal relevant to the field of endeavor. 

At a discussion held on war research on Tuesday afternoon, May 19, Professor Keith :' 
Brueckner of APS made some remarks on the history of fund allocation for research. He 
said that during the Second World War there was a large machinery set up by the 
government for dolnI war research and developing war materials. The government 
based much of the relearch effort on the university campus, with organizations of the 
DOD almost entirely allocating the funds. After the war was over, the government 
wanted to keep monies in research on the campUJe8 in the physical and biological 
sciences. The funding still came throUlJh the military, however, specifically the Office of 
Naval Research. 

In the last quarter century, however, eleven different norHDWtary government fun-
ding organizatiODl bave been developed to handle bulc reaearcb funds. To observe the 
trend each science department and institute will be surveyed, WIinI the criteria defined 
at the beginning to &bow general raearch patterns in each department. 

AMES does ......-ch in tbe following four main ... : lOUd mechanics, fluid 
dynamics, guidlDee and control systems, and bio-englneerinl...,.. 'lbe majority of 
the faculty are SIIppCII'ted in their investigations by outIlde 81endes. About 48 per cent of 
III reaearch do. ill AMES is supported by'the 000. However, 011 May 11 the facu1t.J 
members of AMJ:S _ IPAPS institlU iaued a joint statemlBt, UJInI ''the AMES and 
IPAPS proIJI'lIDI, OO[).funcled as well as NSF-or NDI~ IdlvtUes, are balc 
reaearch pr .. "IS with no applications to the indochina war thIIt 1ft IIncnrn to us .• , 

APIS is ccawned with research in the fields of computer ICieIIC.'tI, rHio astronomy, 
space phJIlcI, I!ppUed IOlid state physics and quatum electronkl. Oni)' five out of B-
teen APIS faculty members are receiving funds from DOD u part of tbIIr 
............. SItIMIY ov two per cent of contracted f\Uldi come from the DOD. Dr. Boobr 
told me that on July 1 all tenured faculty now receiving fwIds from the DOD will ce to. 
lie believes that this will occur in other departments, and hopei to be able to get ~ 
porting funds for thoae faculty affected from the pool of ooallocated fWlds of the NSF 
given to the OuInceUor. 

CODUinled _ .,..e S 



UC D'S. Philosopher Prepares for Departure 
Juliana Cinque 

Staff Writer 

Dr. Herbert Marcuse is tenninating his faculty position 
at UCSD this quarter. A favorite campus speaker at 
convocations and rallies, no one is accorded more defer-

ence and respect than he. As he approaches the lectern to 
speak, the restlessness of the audience temporarily 
ceases, and students shift their positions only to hear him 
more clearly. When he does speak,listeners eagerly wade 
through his distinct German accent to comprehend him, 
and are rewarded for their efforts, for the carefully evalu-
ated criticisms af the world famous philosopher strike a 
concordant response in his receptive audience. 

As to the inevitable question of his rise to prominence, it 
certainly isn't the American dream story of "rags to 
riches. " He was born to an upper class Jewish family 
prominent in Berlin society. After receiving his Ph.D. 
magna cum laude from the University of Freiburg, he 
worked at the Institute of Social Research in Frankfurt 
which he co-founded. With Hitler'S rise to power, the Insti-
tute was closed down and Marcuse fled from Germany. 

f 
/ 

I 

\ 
I 

Marcuse has declined to have his contract renewed for 
the 70/ 71 academic year . This move is not out of a volun-
tary desire to resign, but, according to him, due to " know-
ledge of the fact that the Regents would not reapprove of 
his appointment." 

Last year, when nis contract was up for renewal, con-
servative San Diegans, including the American Legion, 
ardently protested the rehiring of Marcuse. It became 
imminent that the Regents would call for his dismissal. 

Chancellor William J. McGill 

McGill did not immediately sign Marcuse 's renewal 
contract, but instead, sent him a notice of " intent to hire. " 
McGill publicly announced that he was allowing the Re-
gents to review his decision. Yet when the Regents did in 
fact meet, McGill surprised them, by threatening to 
resign if they did not rehire Marcuse. By thus outmaneuv-
ering the Regents, McGill was able to get Marcuse rehired 
for another year. Marcuse says he has no desire to put 
McGill up to so much pressure again . 

Concerning his future plans, Marcuse intends to con-
tinue writing, specifically on the politics of revolution and 
the political esthetics of literature and music. He also 
intends to read and travel. Next year he will be gjving 
guest lectures at other colleges. While he will not be offi-
cially lecturing here, he said he would be "around" and 
might even have an office here. 

Dr _ Marcuse's political views are well known. He feels 
that it is up to the students and minority groups to change 
the dominant social conditions in our society. He notes 
that the Blacks have a "hard and bitter fight ahead, but 
that their suppressions will not be perpetuated." He fur-
ther asserted that "thorough change is required" in 
American society. Although he sees no change in the near 
future, "suppression will continue," and sooner or later 
there will be an overthrow. 

Never such a bargain since 

Westbr idge at Sac State 

In 1934, he came to the United States. During and after 
World War II he worked in the Office of Intelligence Re-
search, as chief of the Central European division, where 
he worked against the rising power of the Nazis. In 1965, 
he joined the faculty at UCSD. While on European lecture 
tours in 1967 and 1968, he attained international fame, as 
his name became associated with student uprisings in 
New York City, Berlin, Rome and Paris. 

When asked what he will miss the most, on leaving his 
academic post at UCSD, he replied, "the students." Cer-
tainly, he will be missed by them. 

June 14, 1910 : Famed architect R. Buckminster Full@~ will addr@ss th@ 
graduating seniors and doctoral candidates al Commencement 
Exercises in Revelle Plaza al 1 p.m . 

-(::( 

~ullD[ID~~u uOO~W~[L ©&OOLID * 
,/ ~ Oxford Circle at U.C. Davis , 

Membership Fee-$10.00 (3 year membership) /" ........- Scope at San Francisco State ~ 
//, - Stenner Glen at Cal Poly 

Bannockburn at U.C. Rivers ide 
Si n f ranCI Sco 

La Mancha at U_C.L.A. 

~ remp •• Amona 
I \ 

Card holders are entitled to the following: 
1. Discount housing-$3.00 per night for air conditioned, 

carpeted twin rooms with adjoining baths, in any Scope 
managed residence, from June 15 to September .1. 

2. Discount food- 20% off at most locations. 
3. Free Recreation Facilities- Swimming pool. saunas, 

weight room, billiards, table tennis, Color TV lounge. 
4. Free weekend entertainment, rock concerts, film series, 

regularly scheduled programs. 
5. Guidebook- listing local theaters, restaurants, and stores 

offering discounts to members. 
6. Discounts of 10% on all Eel workshops_ 

WRITE TO: SCOPE SUMMER TRAVEL CLUB -ONE SAGA LANE, MENLO PARK, CALIFORNIA 94025 
.. ------------------------- , 
I 0 Please charge my BankAmericard I 
I NAME -- Account No. I 

$10.00 for Scope Travel Card I ADDRESS I 
. 0 I have enclosed $10.00 payment in full I ~~~~ I 

L ______________ (~e~k~~t~o~~a~.J 
Page 2 Triton Times June 5, 1970 

~ 
~;;~ 

Medical Students Want Social Linle 
With General Campus Community 

SuuGnves 
Staff Wrtter 

Students from the School of Medicine are 1 
finding that they have very little contact 
with the UCSD General Campus. 

"The medical school academic master 
plan provides for assignment of some 
faculty positions to general campus de-
partments for persons. ",;,hOse scientific 
interests relate to medlcme and human 
biology," said Dr. Grobstein, dean of the 
School of Medicine. And according to one 
student whose husband is a member of the 
Revelle College faculty, instructors do 
seem to have a better chance to know 
members of the general campus, 
especially those in the biology department. 

Elective programs are a part of the 
School of Medicine curriculum and many 
students have taken classes in biology, 
psychology, English literature, and 
especially Dr. Marcuse 's philosophy 
classes, but there still seems to be little 
socializing with the general campus. Many 
commented that they attended the 
Professors' Inaugural Lecture Series, in 
which speakers lectured on a variety of 
topics, and there was an interest to know 
what was happening at Revelle, Muir, and 
Third College, but that it was very hard to 
make any lastlpg contacts. 

Though medical students felt they may 
spend as much as 80 per cent of their time 
together that, "the medical student's 
psychology is such that you can't get 
students together in a group. " Though 
generally the students felt that their 
political views were as diversified and 
"even more liberal" than the general 
campus, they felt that the . study of 
medicine played a great role in most of 
their lives. In the recent crisis over 
Cambodia, students commented that most 
first-year medical students supported the 
strike and about a quarter of the others, 
and that the School of Medicine was a part 
of the delegation to Washington. Yet 
though many students did not go to regular 
classes and most professors were willing 
to reschedule classes to accommodate the 
needs of the students, students did attend 
hospital classes in which they had to take 
care of patients. 

The medical students noted that a 
Community Concerns Committee similar 
to the People-to-People Program has been 
in operation for a year now at the School, 
and that concerned faculty and students 
turned out in large nwnbers over the 
People's Park incident last year . Students 
said they attend rallies at Revelle yet the 
communications gap seems still to be 
there . 

Students noted that last year potluck 
dinners were held in which a guest speaker 
participated every month and the general 
campus was invited. Dr . Paul Ehrlich who 
wrote the " Population Bomb" was a guest 
speaker. 

continued from pale 1 

Defe"se Researclt • • • 
In the Biology Department one finds that all the support for research comes from NSF, 

NIH, the American Cancer Society, or the AEC. Professor Herb Stern, chainnan of the 
department, told me that the research is not directed toward induMrial needs. The areas 
of study, biochemistry, genetics, ecology, and physiology, do not have published any 
research which is directly related to any endeavor of the military. Dr. Stern also clearly 
stated that no biological war research is done in the department either. 

The Department of Chemistry has 10 per cent of its research funds provided by the 
DOD. The areas of research in chemistry are inorganic, organic, phYSical, bio- and 
thermo-ehemistry. The chainnan, Dr. Schuler, said that none of the contract work is 
directed toward military operations. 

Moving to the Mathemati!!s Department one sees a new trend in funding. Acting 
Chainnan Frankel told me that faculty receive support for research only during the 
swnmer months. Also, many of the graduate students are supported throughout the year 
with the monies math professors make just during the summer. Only five of 35 faculty 
members get contractual funds, and of those five only one is receiving support from the 
DOD. All research done by these five faculty members is pure mathematical research of 
a theoretical nature. 

With physiCS, one finds a cutback in the amount of DOD funds for research, with over 
$150 000 worth of support exhausted. With those funds which are left, only one contract is 
supPorted by the DOD, for 10 per cent of the total funds allocated for research. That is, in 
the major research areas, mechanics, electronics, quantum physics, plasma physics, 
low-temperature physics, and astrophysics, 18 professors out of a faculty total of 41 are 
receiving grant support. 

At this point, one should note the following item about consulting. In all those "campus-
wide departments" whose faculty consult (i.e., AMES, APIS, Chemistry, Physics, and 
Psychology), the following statement by Dr. J. Miles, chairman of AMES, states the 
general rule: "Faculty members ... do consulting on their own time. The university is 
no way involved in this consulting, nor is there any direct connection between consulting 
activities of faculty members and the research activities carried out at the university 
(although it should be obvious that the fields of these activities may be similar since both 
deal with similar areas of professional competence.) Faculty members occasionally 
make donations from consulting funds for the support of graduate students and graduate 
activities but this is done only on an individual and voluntary basis." 

The School of Medicine .nd IPAPS .re speci.1 institutes on campus. At the School 01 Medicine .01 
per cent of the research funds ue paid for by the DOD. The .. e.s of rese.rch include gerner.1 
medici ne, neuroscience, pathology, obstetrics and gynecology , pediatrics, radiology, and medical 
upects of AMES , Chemistry and PSychology . The main sources of research funds come from Ihe 
PHS or NIH . AI IPAPS, Ihe faculty is comprised Of faculty from other departments doing their 
research there. IPAPS is 81 per cenl supported by DOD funds . There are eleven principal in-
vestig.lors doing rese.rch in a wide range of topics, none of which is being used in the war effort to 
date . 

The last and probably most significant of all the institutes on campus is the Scripps 
Institution of Oceanography, and the supporting Marine Physical Lab and Visibility Lab. 
The Institution has over 70 faculty members doing research in a wide variety of fields 
including biological oceanography, marine biology, marine chemistry, marine geology, 
geophysics, physical oceangraphy, and applied ocean sciences_ The Institution, in-
cluding the Institute of GeophysiCS and the Institute of Marine Resources, is supported 
almost 40 per cent by the DOD. Almost all of this comes through the Navy. Dr. G_ Shor, 
Assistant Director of Scripps, said that no research is being done at Scr ipps whether in 
the lab or out at sea which in any way is furthering the war effort in Asia. He further 
stated that at the Visibility Lab no reports have been issued since July, 1966, that have 
been classified. The lab is 60 per cent funded by the DOD and 20 per cent by the CIA. 

Dr. Shor talked about the Marine Physical Lab and said that here since 1968 of the no 
papers that have been issued, seven of them ha,;,e been classified. The re~son classifi~ 
research is being done at MPL is in order to obtam documentatIOn of experunents done m 
military labs for oceanographic experiments. The experiments done in particular 
concern sonar and underwater optics. Dr. Shor affirmed that his research, along with the 
rest of the research at Scripps, has not had direct application to military technology in 
the U.S. with possibly the acception of the sonar research, which co~d be u~d by. the 
military once the research is in the open literature. One further note - In my diSCUSSIOns 
with other departments I found no research that is being done elsewhere than MPL to be 
classified. 

Thus, the total amoUl)t of money from government grants and contracts allocated for 
research at UCSD is $31,613,550. Of that figure $10,210,746 comes from the DOD, or about 
33 per cent_ From talking with deparLment and institute heads I found that the research 
which is being done with the DOD funds is not directly-related to the w.ar effo~ at home 
or abroad with the exception of the one of two claSSified contracts bemg carried out at 
MPL. Fur'ther, the outside consulting of the professors is not applicable to further sup--
port of university research. 
References: _ 

1) UCSD Contracts and Grants Awards - Available in Contracts and Grants Office or 
Graduate Studies Office. . ' 

2) 'Documented statements fro~ each . of th.e Nat~al Scl~nces and Instltutes con-
cerning research allocation - available m Triton Times Office. 
Final Note : 

Both references breakdown the research by individual faculty member, contracting 
agency and title of investig~tion . 

The School "with its eating facilities 
becomes self-contained" for most 
students. Some students, particularly 
male medical students, launch out on their 
own to meet other students at the Muir 
Cafeteria or the sauna. They commented 
that it was very difficult to meet people in 
such a fashion - girls especially. For 
three black students, BSC (Black Students 
Council) provided a " tie" other students 
didn 't have. 

Students blamed part of the com-
munication problem on the " time riOPlCI<iIII;'! 

For the most part, student consensus 
indicated that they knew little about the 
activities of the general campus, and in 
those activities they knew about, they had 
little choice. One student said, "There are 
whole weekends when nothing happens." 
Other students cOmnlented that "If the 
Triton Times were not distributed to the 
School of Medicine the schism would be 
even greater." 

The students, hu'\vever, did not blame 
most of the communications gap on the 
general campus but on problems related to 
studying medicine . 

element." Classes for undergraduate 
students and many graduate students may 
last only several hours a day, and times 
are fixed, while medical students seem to 
live medicine from 8-to-S every day. One 
student mentioned that this week they had 
learned to their surprise that there was a 
Pre-Medical School group on the general 
campus with which they had never been in 
contact and would very much like to meet. 

One group of students working on a 
project for a class stopped to comment 
that they felt that the School of Medicine 
could play a great role in the general 
campus by taking over the administration 
of the Student Health Center. 

December 1"': The Cenl,,1 Libr~ry oblains a " topping off' as it nears.O per c nl complehon . Ready 
lor occupancy in Seplember, Ihe U milhon.plus bUIlding will eventually be expanded 10 house three 
million volumes in a major research library for San Diego and UCSD . A " pre.iew showing" w,lI be 
presenled by Ihe AS from 1 : ]0 10 S p.m . Monday. when the univerSlly communlly can wander through 
the rel.lively em ply struclure . Refreshmenls ~nd lours will be available . and VISitors are asked 10 
bring I bO~. don.lion . 

Triton Times June 5, 1970 Page 3 



Faculty & Politics 
by Molly Selvin 

Asst. News Editor ' 

In the wake of massive student- and 
faculty-i nitiated action against U. S. 
violence abroad and at home, many have 
been left bewildered as to the extent a 
university should become politically in-
volved and as to the position of a faculty 
member during such action . 

At the center of the issue is the definition 
of a university as an institution. Granted , 
the university is a place of education, but 
hould that education take place a t a 

distance conducive to objectivity and 
rationality (the ivory tower theory) or can 
the r e be education without relevant 
reference to an involvement with con-
temporary affairs? 

Basic to the concern of those who feel 
that the university should hot be politicized 
is the feeling that the university cannot 
survive as an institution if it undertakes 
political action. " I view the politicalization 
of the universities as one of the most 
dangerous events of our times," com-
mented Chancellor McGill . As the chan-
cellor sees it , the university is a limited 
institution constructed by society for 
limited purposes. Society gives it these 
purposes, namely education and scholarly 
research ; and society again , through 
taxpayers, gives it its resources. That the 
un iversity does not generate its own 
resources is central to McGill 's argument 
against po!iticalization . It is thus placed in 
the pos ition of be ing threatened 
economically if it deviates from its 
prescribed purposes. 

"The university, if it engages in political 
action , does so at its own peril. " McGill 
alluded to recent legislative action to" 
withdraw support from the Academic 
Senate as an example of the economic and 
political backlash to current un iversity 
politics. 

Dr. Russell Doolittle of the Chemistry 
De partment sees the un iversity as 
tremendously politicized already, with 
escalation on both sides. However, though 
it doesn't make him any less concerned to 
find that it is politicized in accordance with 
his views. Both he and Revelle Provos 
Paul Saltman see the issue as one of 
academ ic fr eedom a nd moral 
righteousness. According to Doolittle, the 

4 present university situation is sort of a 
" reversed McCarthyism ;" conservatives 
seeking to study or teach would be in-

timidated on many college campuses . 
Saltman sees a politicized university as no 
different from any other political in-
stitution such as the governor 's office or 
the legislature. It would no longer have the 
privliges of being paid out of taxpayer 
money. 

Dr . Herbert York, dean of graduate I 
studies, also feels the university should not 1 
be involved in political affairs , and that it I 
is prohibited from doing SO by the ; 
California State Constitution. He, like \.. 
McGill, feels that if the university does . 
engage in action , it will be controlled by I 
those other than the faculty and students. , 

''present uni,enify 

situation is sort 

of a 're,ersed 

McCarthyism' " 
Dr. Francis Halpern of the Physics 

Department sees the university as not 
apolitical to begin with. Especially 
through its military contracts the 
university is in no sense evading political 
issues. The basis for his argument that the 
universities should become political in-
stitutions is that the times, forcing people 
to become politically responsive, make 
them see that power now resides with 
institutions and one should attempt to 
influence an institution when possible. As 
to the question of moral self-righteousness, 
Halpern feels that one must make a value 
judgement as to the netessity of various 
goals and means. 

Agreeing with Halpern that the 
university has been politically involved for 
many years is Dr. Jerome Skolnick of the 
Sociology Department. "The university 
has been involved for many years 
developing, carrying out and cooperating 
with a variety of programs relating to 
farm labor, urban development and 
weapons research." In the past these 
policies -were not regarded as political. 
" They only became 'political ' when they 

November 1969 ; Vincent Holl ier of the Blac k Stude nts CounCI l a nd SDS lead er Byron King argue over 
the:! righ t Of it Marine Corps ca J)ta ln , right, to a dd ress it crowd on the meri ts of mi li tary recruit ing on 
campus . SOS conducted a year·long ca mpaign agains t the ca mpus's "rec ru iting " or "informatlon 
dlsse m inat,ng" pol,cy 01 Ihe Career Planning Off ice, beca use it allowed compan ies wh ich all egedl y 
promOle war pollc,"s In Soulheast Asia 10 use th e un iversi ty 10 inlorm s l udents on opporlun iti es In 
Ih or orga nltat,ons . Students last year voted 10 all ow "ope n recruiling" for all orga n,zal,ons and 
co mpanies, regardleS$ of their association with the war . 

Page 4 Triton Times June 5, 1970 
, ., I· '.. , 

Oclober, November, March, April , May : Sludenls and members 01 the public demonstrale Iheir 
dissalislaclion wilh Ihe Nixon Adminislralion Vielnam War policy in marches moraloriums, and 
demonstrations Ihroughout Ihe nalion. UCSD helped organlte a mass march in San Diego in 
November when 5000 participated ; a similar evenl lasl monlh drew up to 8000 . Apalhy loward Ihe 
anti .war movemenl di.sipated when troops were sent inlo Cambodia lasl monlh . 

became objects of controversy." As an 
example he cited the use of many college 
campuses for armed service training 
grounds during WWII with no objections. 
Now ROTC troops on campuses are the 
objects of much controversy . 

Dr. Skolnick sees the university as 
politicized when people confront or 
challenge the outside world . 

What, then , should the faculty member 's 
role be in the midst of a politicized 
university or a university engaged in 
political action? 

A faculty member's obligations, ac-
cording to McGill , are on two levels: he is 
constrained by professional standards of 
academic discipline, standards which are 
at odds with political or ideological 
commitments, and also under a con-
tractual obligation to the university to 
teach. Such a contract, McGill feels, would 
be held as binding in a court of law. 

''lack of ob;ecfirify 

on 60", ends" 
Doolittle 's, York 's and Saltman 's 

opinions on these obligations concurred 
with McGill 's and they also indicated the 
past, present and future involvement of 
these men with politics outside of their 
university duties. Doolittle, a one-time 
Congressional candidate, indicated the 
need for some sacrifice of time and a 
separation of one's political and 
professional lives. 

However, Skolnick and Halpern, also a 
Congressional candidate, disagreed with 
the need to restrain political involvement 
to one's free time. Skolnick said that he 
found it increasingly difficult to draw the 
line between when a professor is or is not 
on "his own time," just as he found he 
could not draw a line between what is and 
is not political. 

Assuming the given definitions of 
politicallzation and the faculty members 

. poSition in it, the future of the university as 
a political or nonpolitical institution must 
be examined. Also the response to political 
acts against the university or against the 
consciences of those within the university 
must be defined. 

As a benefit of the turmoil of the past 
weeks , Saltman cited the increasing 
awareness that the body politic can be 
changed if people work. He saw the dif-
ficulty of convincing people to pursue and 
not to expect instant gratification. He said 
the university's role should be to educate 
people to evolve society but that the 
university will not survive if it tries to do 
so itself. 

Doolittle reiterated the need for political 
action within the system but, more im-
portantly, he stressed the urgent need to 

deescalate on both sides and to begin now. 
The attitude of self-righteousness and the 
reliance on a double standard of behavior 
is dangerous. He referred to a lack of 
objectivity on both ends and indicated tl1e 
need to judge actions on the criteria of 
improvement in the general system. 

York also talked about outside political 
action by individuals as a means of dealing 
with outside political issues. Action 
through appropriate " channels" such as 
the chancellor or the Regents should be 
used to deal with political action which 
affects ~he university as an institution. 

The danger McGill sees in future 
political action by the university is based 
upon his belief that students and faculty 
are the "most politically conscious and yet 
the most politically inept. We are 
politically weak and we have no clear 
method to retaliate with a political at-
tack." Students and faculty aren't skilled 
in politics and don't have the resources. 
Therefore, the only recourse is to develop 
economic unity. Such unity will be 
facilitated by the recent abolishment of 
Academic Senate funding, which McGill 
and Halpern feel will act toward 
unionization for professors. 

McGill sees a trend toward large scale 
legal action as a means of retaliation 
against outside political action. Many 
roles have not been defined and tested in 
the courts - a professor's obligation to a 
university and to a student and to teach 
and a university's obligation to offer a 
course as advertised. The guidelines in 
union law are very clear and if adopted by 
the faculty, their position would be much 
stronger. McGill, however, sees this shift 
away from professional stand=::-:!s to labor 
standards as somewhat of a loss. 

"it has IJecolle 
impossible not to 

"uestion our structure 
of autltorify" 

Skolnick sees the future as one of 
reordering university priorities. " I believe 
it is not only incumbent upon us to question 
our relations with the establishment but 
that it has become impossible not to 
question our structure of authority, fun-
ding and priorities ... there will certainly 
be conflict and withdrawal of economic 
support but I see that as a less harmful 
consequence than the requirement that we 
quietly affirm the status quo. Do we exist 
merely to survive or do we predicate 
survival on the possibility of freedom to 
challange ? I believe that we must be free 
to challange national, state and regional 
priority." 

Skolnick views campuses as liberalizing 
institutions and feels that they must 
become more community-oriented. They 
must provide people who can challenge the 
ordinary citizen . In this area he supports 
the People-to-People program recently 
instituted on campus. 

Out of the average faculty member's 80.9 hour work-
week, approldmately three hours are spent in the 
classroom. For the rest of his time a professor does 
research, consults with graduate students, attends 
seminars and conferences, and prepares for his weekly 
schedule in reading and writing at home. 

The time allocated to each of these areas varies from 
professor to professor, field to field, and year to year. 
What has become apparent in the last year, however I is 
that the faculty members are learning to assign higher 
priority to the teaching functions of their professional 
occupation. 

"The distribution of faculty time," says Literature 
professor Roy Harvey Pearch, Assistant Dean of 
Graduate Studies, "depends on each professor's tem-
perment and interests. I don't see my life as chopped up 
into dissaciated little bits; I live the whole thing. I believe 
the University of California wants me to become part of 
the 'extended conununity' of scholars in my field - not 
just teach and do research at UCSD." 

Most professors would admit that conflicts do exist in 
deciding how to use their hours to best advantage. First, 
there's the problem of deciding between graduate 
students and undergraduates. On one hand, a professor 
gains benefits by working with grad students, who can 
contribute to his research and teaching activities. But on 
the other, professors gain new insights by preparing for 
lectures and working with undergraduates, who, ac-
cording to Philosophy Professor Herbert Marcuse, have 
less "hang-ups" than their graduate counterparts. 

The second problem facing faculty members is how to 
divide their time between research and teaching duties. 
The " publish or perish" syndrome still exists, although 
Pearch prefers to call it an " internal" matter for each 
professor's conscience. 

The third problem is peculiar to UCSD - does a ' 
professor owe his allegiance to his department at the 
expense of his college? If he prefers to associate ex-
clusively with department members, he is liable to lose 
any connection with associates who also enjoy working 
with undergraduates at the college level. As a result, the 
faculty becomes divided between those who tend to em-
phasize their professional role as scholars and those who 
stress their leadership role as teachers. 

Not Oue Without the Other 

Anthropology Professor David Jordan approaches the 
first problem of graduates vs. Wldergraduates by 
dismissing the view that he must decide between them. "I 
do not want to deal with one rather than the other," he 
says. "There's always that 'take an undergraduate to 
lunch' plea from the Provost's Office, but I don't make a 
point of paying more attention to graduates." 

Grad student in Anthropology, Mike Chatfield, adds that 
undergradua~es are traditionally shy about meeting their 
professors. "Some professors are a bit more flamboyant 
and emphatic and interesting in their own self~onscious 
ways. Students are not willing to face the, and, frankly, 
are often very timid." 

Eleanor . Gerber, also a grad student, blames the 
system, "which perpetuates the fears. Students don't talk 
to professors because they look like they're busy people 
who don't want to take time to talk with them." 

Oclober 1969 : \llee·presldenl Agnew is briefed on developmenls In 
oceanography ., Scripps Institution in • sur"rise visit . He ex-

As a result, it takes a certain amount of "pushiness," 
says Chatfield, for students to get attention. "That's the 
way it is in the outside world, as weD." 

Professor Marcuse holds that some difference does 
exist between graduates and undergraduates. "The 
graduate student is supposed to know more, and the 
faculty can presuppose certain things about graduate 
students that they cannot for undergraduates. But the 
latter need less guidance because they are much more 
open and much more willing to think and talk the way they 
feel. The graduate students already have hangups with 
their future." 

The solution for the undergraduates who "fear" faculty 
self~nfidence, Jordan concludes, is the institution of an 
" 'I Am Lost' Yellow Kiosk," where they could go for 
advice. But for the present he hopes students will talk over 
their problems I'rith professors even though they may not 
be teaching them at the moment. 

FlC:1Ilty MUlt Decide OD 
Raeaftb VI. Teacbiq 

WhUe sJgdents have the responsibilty for "showing up" 
the gnciuaes, the faculty members mlllt make the 

WHO COUNTS 
AND WHY 

Roger Show ley 
News Editor 

special effort to detide between teaching and research 
priorities. 

Chancellor William J . McGill recalls that the trend 
toward a " well-counded education" for college students 
began in the 1920's, when Ivy League schools accepted the 
idea that "the well~ducated person should have a broad 
grasp of history, science, philosophy, and math with some 
knowledge of one field in depth." 

But education has become so wide-spread for so many 
people in the United States, he says, that a Ph.D. degree is 
"no longer sufficient to do really original work. Now a 
post~octoral degree is necessary." 

In contrast to this "stretch-out" in the educational 
process is the necessity for many students to earn their 
living while in college. The prospects for change at UCSD, 
he suggests, include a shortening of undergraduate 
education to three years by removing some lower-division 
requirements and combining graduate studies with the 
colleges. 

History Department Chairman Armin Rappaport at-
tempts to solve the conflict between pressure for ex-
panding years in school and shortening the undergraduate 
period by urging that the faculty 's efforts in teaching '>e 
taken into account before a professor is promoted or 
granted tenure. 

"The traditional hiring and promotion procedure," he 
explains, "has the department evaluate the quality of a 
professor's research and the provost be the watchdog for 
the quality of his teaching." 

"In the History Department," he says, "this is not the 
case. We consider an applicant in all of his or her aspetts. 
The Department does not divide the roles of teaching and 
research." 

The result of this attitude, he continues, is that any 
conflict between teaching and research falls away "once 
the Department aclmowledges the importance of 
teaching. Some departments ' have a cavalier attitude 
toward this problem, but one inescapable quality is that 
you can't fool the students." 

Marcuse goes even further in his anaylsis of the 
problem than Rappaport. "Students tend to underrate 
their influence on the faculty," he says. "Most depart-
ments do take complaints into consideration, and if there 
is a serious complaint, action is usually taken." 

The problem, Marcuse believes, lies with the areas of 
work, especially the sciences, in which professors "are 
too much involved willi experiments and research. They 
should realize their roles as educators and should 
educate." 

pl"ins his "eflele corps 01 impudent snobs" remark 10 newsmen , 
bul fails 10 lessen sludenl oulrage at his apparent slap al dissenl . 

Students Not Believed 

Outgoing AS president Jeff Benjamin questions whether 
students can have a real effect on the departments as long 
as professors believe that undergraduates are "by nature 
here to be taught. The question. is really whether the 
departments consider education at UCSD a one-way or 
two-way street. Some departments are trying to involve 
students; others aren't. Some young professors are 
skeptical of student input, while some older ones welcome 
it." 

The improvement for the student role in making 
teaching more important, Benjamin feels, has come from 
pressures on faculty members by students and the Uc.. 
wide achninistration which released a report on student 
governance on the campuses at the January Regents 
meeting. "We're in a phase in which the faculty is 
beginning to W1lock the storm windows and consider the 
results of current student involvement. At first they 

. reacted against the idea of involvin8 students in dedsion-
making. But if we keep up the pressure and Ihow we share 
the same intellectual interests, they will be prepared to 
accept us." 

May 1970 ; A conlingenl 01 UCSD studenls and lacully arr ive 
in Washinglon. O.C. to help lobby aga in51 Ihe .. d · 
min5lralion' s war fIOl icy in Soulheast As ia . Debale over Ihe 
Coope r ·Church amendm enl . des igned 10 loree Ihe ad· 
minislralion 10 wilhdraw Irom Cambod ia before Jul y 1, 
t970, is 51111 go ing on on the floor 01 Ihe U.S. Senale . 

Colleges, Departments 
Coming Together 

In the last year the attitude of the departments toward 
the colleges has improved. Acting Provost William Frazer 
believes that the needs of Third College have forced the 
departments to take general curriculum needs into ac-
count when searching for new faculty members. 

" Faculty recruiting procedures have been modified to 
please the colleges," he says. " So far our needs and those 
of the individual departments have fortuna tely 
overlapped. " 

Another development has been the institution of in-
terdepartmental programs. " We wish to have a 
reasonably stable faculty in these programs, (in contrast 
to the always shifting positions in the Revelle humanities 
sequence ) and they are therefore hired with their even-
tual placement in these programs kept in mind." 

Both Revelle Provost Paul Saltman and Muir PrOV(l t 
John Stewart believe their relations with the departments 
have been friendly and mutually respected. 

"Our relations with the department chairmen are ex-
cellent," Stewart says. " All are determined to have men 
perform well in their undergraduate teaching duties. 
When we receive reports that a professor's teaching needs 
improving, we work with the chairman of the department 
in question to solve the problem." 

Provost Saltman sees his role as " the diplomatic, 
catalytic agent in response to student perceptions. Some 
departments are very disturbed with the ReveDe 
program, in that its Physics courses, for example, are not 
the same as found at Cal Tech." Saltman tries to calm 
these professor 's fears by demonstrating the similar goals 
that the colleges and departments have. " The bulk of the 
faculty have a real concern for the learning and the well-
being of the students. " The challenge, he implied, was to 
find a mechanism for indicating this concern - perhaps, 
a faculty evaluation guide. 

The solutions to these three conflicts between un-
dergraduates and graduates, teaching and research, and 
colleges and departments, Jeff Benjamin believes, can be 
found if the traditional viewpoints of the faculty toward 
students are changed. "When they were in school, they 
never thought of demanding any involvement in the 
decision-fllaking process." 

What is fortunate in the current educational en-
vironment at UCSD is that the faculty is not opposed to 
increasing student involvement and making un-
dergraduate education a full equal to the faculty 's other 
responsibilities. 

J .... "ry "71 ; SDS ..... tIM flnl I .. " .... 1 •• at ..... _tr ....... 
.",I .. sl G.ner.1 ElectriC, wlliell , lIMy., .... , dllCri",INIH 
"",I"sl wcwlc ..... II1II ,",emole. "w.r· ..... '"" rewarell. 

Triton Times JuneS, 1970 PageS 



& 

Chris Bibb 
Staff Writer 

"Say, listen, can you tell me what is sup-
posed to happen here Saturday?" 

The question was put to a CtH!d who was 
passing out leaflets on the University hospital 
open-house. The questioner was a La Jolla 
shopkeeper and he asked because the girl was 
a UCSD student, and because he was puzzled 
and troubled. He was worried by the people on 
the hill who seemed to him incomprehensible. 

This man seems to represent the main-
stream of community opinion on the 
University - a little mistrustful, but mostly 
feeling out of touch with the University. He 
far outnumbers the hostile and closed-
minded, but he also outnumbers the well-
informed and friendly . 

A University supported by public funds 
from taxes and contributions needs to have 
better relations with the community. Above 
that, a student who wants to spread ideas has 
to work with the wommunity, and needs 
communication links. 

One step in this direction was the institution 
of the People-to-People program. As of May 
26,175 groups had gone out and 30 more were 
planned. The groups, usually including two 
students and one professor , have been to 15 
churches, 8 schools, 10 civic groups including 
15 La Jolla groups. The groups in homes have 
nwnbered as many as two dozen, bringing the 
nwnber of people reached thus far to ap-
proximately 5000. 

Hal Slater, a co-ordinator for the progr~ 
who has been out on 15 visits, says that the 
people they talk to are "overwhelmingly 
happy with the program." 

" We don't screen the students at all. II Hal 
explained that they do not take "orders" for 
political types, but rather select at random. 
Students dress normally for the emphasis is 
on explaining views, person to person, 
without any put-on. By the same token, Hal 
said "there is not a typical person that calls 
us" asking for student speakers. There are a 
few' 'bull-headed" and few complaints, and a 
great deal of communication. 

The hope is to continue the program in-
definitely as a regular servie to the com-
munity. 

The AS Community Interaction Committee 
has arranged tours for small groups of the 
campus, and plans more. 

Asked what the effect on his community 
from this program was, the editor of the La 
Jolla Light said "There is still room for im-
provement. Very few La Jollans have any 
real contact with the University, inspite of the 
programs and efforts which have been 
made." People-to-People? " It's definitely 
helping, but it's not reaching enough people. " 
More effort is needed "by both sides. II Asked 
how to improve the efforts, he indicated that 
his suggestions would appear on his editorial 
page. 

So what do La Jollans think of UCSD? The 

Page 6 Triton Times June 5, 1970 

January 1970 : The AS agrees to hetp Nutriment advertisers to film a commerciat in the area around the 
"fr.og pond" across from Revelle campus In exchange for free enfertainmen' and refreshments Despite 
IIYlng Iongers and obscene antics, the film makers vet their footage and depart the scene . . 

editor .said, "For one thing, you can't 
~en~rallZe. Some are quite open-minded, 
msplte of all the unfavorable pUblicity. Others 
are quite prejediced, and becoming more so." 

Cy Greaves, head of UCSD's Public Mfairs 
Office sees as one of the University's greatest 
problems the difficulty of getting students in 
contact with members of the community. He 
finds that people are reluctant to come on 
campus, and have to be lead by the hand up to 
UCSD. "Every time I see people who are 
critical of the University come on campus and 
meet students and professors, and see class 
and lahoratory activities, I find them more 
Wlderstanding and tolerant." 

The Public Mfairs Office also tries to ac-
comodate groups for tours of the campus, and 
arrange for student speakers for groups and 
news media , but has been limited by its 
resources. Accomodations for visitors to 
UCSD are still inadequate. Those who come 
up to look around not only do not know where 
to park or what to see or where they are on 
camp~, they feel a litUe foreign . Greaves 
explained that plans for a visitor's center 
h~ve been proposed. Ideas for converting the 
Fll'e Department or utilizing a trailer have 
been cut from the budget. A private law 
firm 's plans to donate a $3800 bus to the 
University for the purpose of giving regularly 
scheduled tours were cancelled when reports 
of ~andalism started to appear. 

~ Greaves 'put it, "The biggest problem is 
getting people to know the current generation 
of students." 

What do people think of UCSD? The mail 
from those who participate in People-to-
People vary, but are mostly more un-
derstandin , and always grateful for the 
chance to contact the students. 

Few were totally ' disappointed, but one 
woman wrote of her on-campus meetin~ with 
a large group. She deplored what she saw as 
" arrogance, intolerance to other ideas, 
rudeness, contempt for views that were other 
than Left-Wing, and lack of self~pline and 
responsibility." She felt intimidated and 
ridiculed, yet she ended with "My husband 
and I would be most interested in keeping in 
closer touch with activities there ... " 

More wrote along these lines : 
" Never before having had the chance for 

dialogue with college students, I felt ex-
tremely lucky to have this really outstanding 
group ... These students were articulate 
intelligent, polite, and very knowledgeable ~ 
areas in which we are not. However our 
middle-age group contributed to some :.reas 
in which they are not so informed." 

A San Diego businessman wrote that he is 
" confident that both the -students and the 
members of the establishment left with a 
better understanding of the complaints of the 
other. " 

The main achievement, wrote one woman 
was that " open-mindedness prevailed and 
this in itself is a big step toward un-
derstanding .. . " 

February 1970 : Chancellor William J. McGill announces his resignation from 
~CSD and acceptanc:e 01 the presidency of Columbia University, effective Sept. 
, 197~. Seen.here ~Ith the TRtTON TIMES' news editor, Roger Showley, and 
~SDT 5 pu~~,c affa .. s director. John Clark. he briefs students on the "state of 

e campus on the dawn of a new deud • • 

Bio 11 Asks Population Questions 
RayMtller 
Paul ReWy 

Pamela Springer 
The urgency of the problem of over-

population prompted a group of students in 
Biology 11 to prepare and distribute a 
questionnaire concerning birth control and 
abortion to a sample of the UCSD com-
munity. A total of 329, about 35 per cent of 
those distributed were returned. The 
following questions were asked: 

1. How many cblldren do you want to 
have? 

2. How many chUdren do you Intend to 
have? 

3. Do you think that family planning 
(i.e., having only the Intended number of 
children) Is an eHectlve method of 
population control? 

4. Would you use oral contraceptives or 
contraceptive devices to Umit the size of 
your family? 

Of 279 responses, the average number of 
desired children was 2.5, and the average 
nwnber intended was 2.1. If the response 
was expressed as a range, i.e ., 3-5, the 
highest value was used in computing the 
average. For females, the desired number 
averaged 2.8, for males, 2.4, while the 
intended number for both was about the 
same - 2.1. Other averages for desired 
number of children included : male 
faculty, 2.6; male grads, 2.3; female 
grads, 2.1; male undergrads, 2.5; female 
undergrads, 3.2. Averages for intended 
number of children included : male 
faculty, 2.1; female grads, 2.1; male 
grads, 2.2; female undergrads, 2.1; male 
1.D1dergrads, 2.1. 

Family Planning Ineffective? 

March 1970 : Assemblyman John Stull (R·L.eucadia l. ucsO's " fa.orite" legislator in Sacramento , 
launches the "spring oflensi.e" against pollution in a well ·attended lecture colored by balloons, 
marshamllows, noise makers, and a student in an ape suit . The en.ironment and ecology became the 
watchwords of the nation on Earth Day , April 22 , when UCSO saw the climax 01 a week long teach·i n 
by visiting eKperts. 

5. Do you think abortion-on-demand 
should be legalized? 

6. Would you (would you want your wife 
to) have an abortion for other than 
medical reasons? 

7. Would you be voluntarily sterilized 
after having the Intended number of 
children? 

8. Would you want your spouse to be 
voluntarily sterilized after having the 
Intended number of chUdren? 

9. Do you think that female sterilization 
(tubal ligation): 

a . affects sex drive? 
b. hinders menstruafion? 
c. hinders orgasm? 

10. Do you think that male sterilization 
(vasectomy) : 

a. affects sex drive? 
b. hinders orgasm? 

It was hoped that people would interpret 
the word "want" in the first question to be 
merely an expression of desire, and the 
word "intend" in the second to imply the 
consideration of all restrictive factors on 
family size, such as social and economic 
pressures. 

The aim of family planning is for the 
individual family to have no more children 
than the parents intend. Even if family 
planning were 100 per cent effective, 
population control. would not necessarily 
be accomplished; consider , for example, 
an area in which the ideal number of 
children is 4 or 5. Seventy per cent of the 
responses to question 3' were yes, 28 per 
cent no. Of the faculty and med students, 
52 per cent answered yes. 

In answer to the fourth question, 72 per 
cent said they would use oral con-
traceptives, 57 per cent would use devices, 
37 per cent would use both, and 5 per cent 
would use neither . Seventy-four per cent of 
the males said they would condone the use 
of oral contraceptives, while only 65 per 
cent of the females would use them. 

The academic community seemed to be 
overwhelmingly in favor of legalizing 
abortiono()n-demand; 84 per cent in favor , 
15 percent opposed. A few people 
distinguished between abortiono()n-
demand and abortion-on-request, in-
dicating that they would prefer that more 
than the woman 's desire for an abortion be 

considered. In answer to question 6, 69 per 
cent said they would (or want their wife to) 
undergo an abortion for other than 
medical reasons while 27 per cent 
disagreed. 
One-third Favor Sterilization 

Sterilization is the most effective 
method of birth control known . It is 
essentially 100 per cent effective (though 
failures may occur if the severed tubes 
grow back together) and is usually 
irreversible. It has no biological effect on 
menstruation, nor on orgasm in either sex, 
and its effects on sex drive, if they exist, 
are psychological . For some, sterilization 
has led to increased libido and frequency 
of intercourse because of the reduced fear 
of pregnancy. The survey showed that 
although a majority are against being 
sterilized, the nwnber who would become 
sterilized is far from insignificant; 33 per 
cent answered question 7 yes (male and 
female figures were about the same) and 
62 per cent said no. To question 8, 29 per 
cent answered yes and 64 per cent no. 
Sixty-six per cent of the males would not 
want their wife to be sterilized, and 57 per 
cent of the females felt the same about 

their husbands. This could be because of 
the relative ease of a vasectomy as 
compared with tubal ligation. 

The responses to the last two questions 
revealed a significant lack of knowledge of 
the effects of sterilization . The results: 9a, 
yes 8 per cent, no 45 per cent, don 't know 46 
per cent; 9b, yes 6 per cent, no 37 per cent, 
don't know 56 per cent; 9c, yes 3 per cent, 
no 50 per cent, don 't know 47 per cent; lOa, 
yes 10 per cent, no 52 per cent, don 't know 
38 per cent; lOb, yes 6 per cent, no 52 per 
cent , don 't know oi2 per cent. A much 
larger percentage of those who would 
become sterilized answered the final five 
questions "no " than of those who would not 
wish to do so. 

The small average number of children 
intended and the liberal views on abortion, 
contraceptives, and to some degree , 
sterilization, of the people in the survey 
are encouraging from the standpoint of the 
problem of overpopulation. It is our hope 
that people will seek to become 
knowledgeable , as we did , in the methods 
and effects of contraception and 
sterilization, in order that they may seek 
realistic solutions to a problem basic to the 
many other problems we face today. 

HOROSCOPE ED MILLER 
SUMMER SKYL INE 

........ . delineationsol ORACLE 

nalure . Abolish surlace hostilities and 
receive a surpr ising super September 
ach ievement. 

ARIES : OPEN spaces .. lhe moun · 
lains. the desert , the sea ... Refresh, 
renew and reward your brilliant yet 
nonetheless busied and bothered 
mind . Clear your head and enhance 
your home, while you receive Ihe 
loving surprises of August Md puild a 
strong foundation for your September 
plans . 

CANCER : AGGRESS away and you 
w i ll have to pay! Conlusion and con · 
llict need only a good dunk In the 
spray . Ease your mind into some 
splashing loam and wear sal! e.ery · 
day lor cologne . 

LEO : BROTH ERS and sisters we 
golla eat our ego . When the sun beats 
to burn out the heaviness. August 
offers supremacy , 0 w ield w i th 
cosmic grace . 

SAGITTARIUS : LEGACIES or a g ilt 
may start the season for you . Publi · 
cize in July , broaden your scope on 
fore ign mailers in August. and most 01 
all, play and lo.e w i th joyful abandon . NEEDS 

TAURUS : FAMI L. Y vibes are h igh. as 
summer ushers in opportunit ies . Rest · 
up in August , where you must give loIs 
and be proud 01 nothing . Product ive 
efforts blossom fuli for lall . 

GEMINI : OECR EASE wasle while 
you increase thrift lOr sound ecologi · 
cal control of your own lile·style . 
MagnetiC sex abounds so check your 
reckless heart and adhere to the tried 
and true . 

VIRGO : AMBIT IOUS plans are lav · 
ored and fulfillment feels fine . Sacr i · 
f ice confusion and look to the godS of 
summer sensuality . 

LIBRA : ARBITRATE in June .. be de· 
cisive in July. Friends and creat iv ity 
merge. 00 not abuse your psych ic 
faculties when September poinls out 
petty relations . Re inforce your 
spiri tual nature . 

SCORPIO : I DEALS manifest Ihem · 
selves NOW! Write , publ ish, progress 
in all ways with your higher inluitlve 

CAPRICORN : SELF ·CONFIDENCE 
is whal you need to greet the "season 
01 freedom ." Darkness enshrouds the 
brood ing-5o get out in the liMh • '"d 
Shed those layers of cares. I 
awakens your spir i tual GOnsci 

AQUARiUS : FLY to the Moor 
mind only . Recapture the hearTS of 
your friends by being stable and sure. 
A good summer to evaluate and liber · 
ate love. 

PISCES : RADIANT time of romantic 
ad.entures . Take responsib ili ty for 
your own acl ions, and be illusive while 
your partner makes all the decisions . 

April 1970: The lirst "people's pot" - . free mul offered 
to passersby in public. places - met with police 
narassm,nt In D,I Mar , when thrft . " . sludents were 
arrested. Tne peopl"s Pot has shown up al many events 
since Ihen. 

MAy', "70 : Gubernator ial candidate Jess unrun ad · 
dresses a crowd In Revelle PlaIa .t the same moment as 
Go ... . Rea,an ask s that all stat" coIlle,es and UC umpuses 
be closed tor four dlYS to "cool " tensions . That nlgllt a 
bonfire at Muir Commons draws members of t", entire 
uni."rsi ty community toveth er to contemplate the extr. · 
ord inary action . 

YOUR 
HELP 

Ed Miller, former U.S. attorney 
and vigorous opponent of big-time 
crime, has a tough fight ahead for 
distrid attorney in November. 
You can make sure the right man 

gets this crucial post, that a fresh 
ci13.nge comes to a stale office. 
Please heip us make it right with 
Ed Miller. If you can help alit in 
any way during the summer ....• 

Call 239-4109. 

Triton Times June 5, 1970 Page 7 



YEAR END SALE 
NOW ONLY $10.00!!! 

REVELLE SUNDRIES STORE 

FROM SAN FRANCISCO 

AIIM 
SAT. JUNE 13 8 P. M. 

IAN BIRO COMMUNITY CONCOUISE 
CONVEITIOI IIAll 

All Sui. Rnel'Wd sa.50 5.50 4 .50 3.50 
Ava ,lable" Melro T,ckel Agency. Higtilander Men's Siores. 

U C. San Diego 60' Offtce and CIVIC Thealre 60x Office 
For InformaltOn 236·6510 

Belles! 
MISSION VALLEY. GROSSMONT 

----,,,. ,--.~ 
FROM SAN FRANCISCO 

AII,\\ 
SAT. JUNE 13 8 P. M. 

SAN DIEGO COMMUNITY CONCOURSE 
CONVENTION HAll 

All SeolS Rne",.d S 6. 0 5.50 4.50 J.50 
"v.,laDle al Mel'o 1,( el "~en(y. H'ghldnder Mon, Slores. 

U ( San n'~go 8,,, Office and (,V,C Th~.I'p Uox Off,ce 
for Inform.lllon 1J64&510 

J, j" d I j ',I 110 • I " , 

Page 8 Triton Times June 5, 1970 

May 1970 : Three sit·ins - two at Muir's 2A and one at Aevelle's Urey 
Hall - locus campus aHention on the issue of "wilr·rel.ted research" alleged to 
be going on in laculty laboratories. Administration threats of police intervention 
limited the demonstrations to B to S affairs , and legal action failed to deter 
demonstrators . The Academic Senate met in a marathon week· long session to 
deal w ith the Issue , and concluded deliberations with a call to end all Depart. 
ment 01 Oelense funding 01 research proiects . Vice·Chancellor and Dean of 
Student Affairs George Murphy, Public Affairs director Cy Greaves and Aevelle 
dean Tom Hull are seen here in discussion over Ihe besl course of action during 
the 18·si n·in in 2A·Prime. 

When Ronald Reagan issued his order closing the university during 
the recent wave of student protest, he succeeded in doing what many 
students had been trying to do, with varying degrees of success, for 
quite some time. It was only for two week days, plus a weekend, yet 
the very fact that the "great institution" had actually been shut down 
seemed to impress upon people around campus that the political situa-
tion had made "business as usual " an anachronism. 

The train of events leading up to this and the scenario that unfolded 
in its aftermath afforded an opportunity to probe the political 
microcosm of UCSD. But the political makeup of the campus is not 
easily quantifiable in some handy formula, despite the large number 
of science freaks on the loose. Not only is there a diversity in view-
points, but it seems that political outlooks are often tailored to the indi-
vidual , with alliances of convenience occurring only when common 
ground can be found. 

UCSD is a campus where organizational meetings for "new" 
political groups are frequent, and individual personalities often guide 
the course of events more than predictable political alignments . 

Radicals Donimate Political Action 

When you come down to it, though, it is the activist-oriented groups 
or individuals-call them " radicals" if you like- that provide the 

SDS -
'They 
wit" 

e the o p 
the most en ,y' 

impetus for most of the serious political' action on campus, especially 
of the more controversial natW'e. To Reagan it 's merely hard-<:ore 
radicals fabricating issues and fomenting trouble. But if any role can 
be ascribed to the radical elements at UCSO, it is more along the lines 
of raising and crystallizing issues as w.ell as guiding the campus' 
response to the8e issues. 

Many of the issue have been there all along. Consider the issue of 
war research. Three years ago Academic Senate discussions had led 
to a statement of policy opposing classified research on campus. Yet 
at a plaza meeting during the period of the sit-ins a faculty member 
admitted that they had been avoiding the issue for quite some time- in 
part by allowing themselves to become dependent on the Department 
of Defense, and in part by allowing such research to take place in off-
campus labs maintaining tenuous connections with the university. 

It was SOS who raised the issue of war research this year. SDS is 
generally acknowledged as the most, if not the only, coherent activist 
group on campus. At least they are the most active. As DIMENSION's 
Karl Keating puts it, "they are the group with the most energy." An 
SDS action is usually prefaced by a careful campaign of leaflets, 
rallies, and sometimes canvassing of the dorms. "SDS is the group 
that has raised the issues and is responsible for exposing many of the 
things that are going on because they have taken the initiative," 
outgoing AS President Jeff Benjamin said recently. 

Some Radicals Dissatisfied 

But obviously there is more to the radical left at UCSD than SDS; in 
fact, there appears to be considerable dissatisfaction wi~ SOS' 
leadership. However, a rival radical group has failed to surface, 
probably because the outlook of many leftists is highly personalized. If 
SDS has survived it is because of its ideological consistency; as well as 
its identification with a weU-established national group. 

The coherency of SDS might very well be a reaction to previous 
groups , such as the Tuesday the Ninth Committee (TNC) and the 
Students of the Independent Left (SIL), which had more of a "do-your-
own-thing-on-the-left" attitude. According to a veteran of radical poli-
tics at UCSD who wishes to remain anonymous, these past groups 
were more of an intellectual bull session and were far less action-
oriented. Those who participated in these groups, largely graduate 
students, have played a peripheral role this year. 

Others have gone the hippie or yippie route. Here they part ways 
with SDS, for SDS opposes actions which do not follow from a careful 
political analysis. A major thrust of UCSO's SOS chapter is the 
Worker-Student Alliance. Many SDS members have gone "straight" 
so as to be able to communicate with the workers, a sacrifice most 
freaks probably wouldn 't be willing to make. SDS is not too sympa-
thetic with the drug scene and is less into the cultural aspects of the 
revolution than other 'groups are . 

Dissatisfaction on the left with SDS led to a recent attempt to form a 
Radical Union. Of the 25 or so that attended a planning session, most 

Old ... tyle LeftIIt PoUUes 

Also to be considered in the left side are those people whose style of 
politics is characterized more by petitions and peace marches than sit-
ins. UCSD's chapter of the Student Mobilization Committee (SMC), a 
national organization, was quite active during the several moratoria 
that took place this year, but seems to have lost membership since 
then. "SMC is more a slngle-issue thing (the war," says Redge Martin. 
Their activities were directed mire externally, tying in closely with 
their San Diego-wide counterpart, the Citizens Mobilization Com-
mittee (CMC), composed largely of "old liberal" types. Martin char-
acterized SMC members, munbering about 40 at most, as "somewhere 
between liberal and radical," displaying attitudes toward SDS politics 
varying from cooperation to toleration or condemnation. 

Then there are those who are still giving electoral politics a try. 
George Brown has been just as successful as one of his supporters, 
Gene McCarthy, in garnering active student support. "I feel that we 
can march, petition, and sit in, but the decisions are still made by the 
President and Congress," says Ken Gross, an active Brown organizer. 
"Our system is not going to fall from a revolution, but we can guide 
change." Like the SMC people, the 60 to 70 persons who have partici-
pated in the Brown campaign have varying attitudes towards radical 
politics. 

Moderate Groups Are a Factor 

Not to be forgotten in the campus political formulae are those non-
leftist groups alternately referred to as moderate, responsible, con-
servative, or fascist, depending on who you're talking to. Many might 
remember that it is the Young Republicans whom the campus has to 
thank for the flagpole that now stands in the Revelle Plaza. They 

rai~d the money for it two years ago, ostensibly as a show of patrio-
tism in the face of an incident in which SIL flew Hanoi's flag from their 
table in the plaza. 

But the aversion to politics has permeated the right, too. Thus, 
Dennis Brian, president of UCSD's YRs, but becoming more and more 

campus poUtlcs. MM1 people lee the AS' poUtical role as being non-
functional . But conservatives reacted to the several resolutions 
passed by the AS Senate this year, such as the one condemning U.s~ 
involvement in Southeast Asia . They feel that the AS has no authority, 
to take political stands, and they are probably right as far as official 
U.C. policy goes. 

Regents' rules prohibit expenditures of mandatory student fees in 
religious or partisan political activities. But the AS can and has helped 
student organizations that are largely political, Benjamin said in a 

We ca rell, fir I 
d sit-in, " , til d ci · 

m e by , e Presid t d G gres. I 
recent interview. He also felt that in the futW'e this rule might be 
circumvented by using monies generated as income from AS ac· 
tivities. 

However, referring to the strikes, sit-ins, and other such actions 
Benj~m~n a.cknowledged that the AS has played only a secondary role: 
The llIDltatlOns of the AS have perhaps been responsible for the atti-
tude of many political activists to the AS which has at times been one 
of merely ignoring the AS, and at others of outright distrust. 

This has occW'red in spite of the fact that Benjamin was previously 
quite active in radical politics on campus. " One of the reasons I ran 
was to involve more radicals in student government, but most haven't 
wanted to be bothered, " he said. 

BSe, MECHA, aDd Women's Lib Active 
Two groups whose raison d'etre is more cultW'al than political, but 

who, nevertheless, have a great political involvement on campus, are 

SDS Ma 
but Oth 

e in the Vanguard, 
Campus Groups 

Do Thei wn Thing Poli.ics a. UCSD Steve Landau Editor-in-Cblef 
interested in libertarian philosophy, referred to the YRs as "political 
hacks." "Many of them are interested only in political activity and 
have no philosophical orientation," he said. Brian continues with the 
YRs because he believes that one can work within and outside the 
system at the same time to abolish all systems. Sound familiar? 

The Libertarian Alliance grew out of an alliance between campus 
chapters of the Young Americans for Freedom (YAl") and the 
Students of Objectivism. Genl!rslly, its members seek a society with-
out force, the end product of which they envision as being "anarchical 
capitalism." Brian declined to identify his group with either the left or 
right wing. "We tend to view both as being composed of authoritarian 
types," he said. Membership in the group numbers about 15. 

Karl Keating, self-proclaimed voice of moderation, would probably 
be placed on the right-mosUy because he's certainly not on the left. 
But Keating 's attitudes derive less from a positive political outlook 
than from a reaction to leftist methods on campus. During last year 's 
strike for Peoples' Park Keating started the Associated Moderate 
Students (AMS) which, although having a very small active member-
ship, received considerable coverage on local media. AMS was the 
silent .majority coming to life, the media thought. Says Keating : 
"Someone has to demonstrate that these methods (of the radicals) are 
improper. " 

Keating and AMS currently have a mouthpiece in DIMENSION, a 
"journal of moderate opinion," counterpart to SOS' INDICATOR. 
Both political journals publish several times a quarter. DIMENSION 
has devoted much space to attacldng SDS; it has also been none too 
sympathetic to the AS, which it brands as a bunch of radical sym-
pathizers. 

AS Role in Politics Ambiguous 

These charges greatly angered AS President Jeff Benjamin who, in 
a letter to the TRITON TIMES, emphasized the wide range of political 
Views represented in the AS Senate. However, the incident serves to 
highlight the controversy surrounding the role played by the AS in 

L L t 

BSC and MECHA, the black and brown student groups. A significant 
portion of their members are inclined towards cooperating with SDS, 
at least on an ad hoc basis, but for the most part the minority members 
seeks to maintain autonomy from any white radical groups. This year 
most of their efforts were directed towards Third College and its 
recruitment campaigns. The greater thrust of their political work is 
usually aimed at the problems of their communities rather than such 
issues as the war. The unique natW'e of Third College will require a 
certain degree of cohesiveness, but it remains for next year to 
detennine the degree of involvement these students will have with the 
rest of the campus. 

Finally, there is the Women's Liberation Front. New to the campus 
this year, the group is probably one of the fastest growing ones, for it 
obviously fills a void. Women interested in political activity have had 

male~ominated groups as their only alternative and according to 
member Susan Cades, "this involvement was usually limited to en-
velope-stuffing and making coffee." Although most women 's lib 
people are in sympathy with SDS and other radical grOl-lPs on campus, 
they have come together so that they can concentrate on issues that 
particularly concern women, such as child day care centers, abortion 
clinics, wage equalization for the sexes, etc. 

Is There a Silent Majority? 
To most people on the outside the university community is homo-

geneous politically. It seems undeniable that when compared to 
society at large the campus is politically liberal. Yet, as this analysis 
shows, the political complexities on campus are considerable. During 

cGill on tile University -
'We have no clear method to 
re,aliate with a political attaci.' 
crisis situations such as the strike, one sees a definite factionalism 
among the left over tactics. Cooperation between radicals and liberals 
is often merely an alliance of convenience. Conservative opposition 
groups continue to playa peripheral role . 

But what of the average students- the largely non-politicized 
masses who bury themselves in their dorm rooms or commute daily 
with little involvement? It is these forces which all sides attempt to 
mobilize in their support. As could perhaps be expected, those on the 
left seemed to think that the campus had been more radicalized this 
year , or at least sensitized to the issues they were raising. Right or 
moderate groups felt that student reaction to the escalation in tactics 
by SDS this year was rising . 

Vice-<:hanceUor Murphy, while acknowledging this escalation, of 
which he has felt the brunt, also acknowledged "the depth to which a 
majority of students have really been moved by the events of the past 
few weeks. It is no longer a minority, if in fact that was ever the case. " 

But outgoing AS President Jeff Benjamin perhaps summed up the 
campus situation best by pointing out that whereas a lot of groups are 
becoming radicalized ulturally, if not politically- the majority 
remain " liberally apathetic." " There definitely Is a silent majority, 
but it is not of the natW'e that Reagan or Keating would suppos . It is 
not a conservative silent majority." 

sought an alternative to SDS, want~g to con~entrate largely on May 11 , 1910 : Muir histor, .enlor George Winne dies .fter burning himself 00 • Sunday 
community work. They also showed little enthusiasm for the practi- aflernoon In Aevelle PIli • . His .ctlon, preceding 'he opelnlng of Ihe Unlv~nlty .fter an 
cality of the Worker-Student Alliance. But more importantly they unprecedented closure by Gov . Augan, dots much 10 (001 h.a'R IMlln9' low.rd w.r 

. . . SDS' policy In South,"1 Asi •• nd de.,hs 01 s'udents In Ken' 5t.'e, Ohio, .nd J.ckson, Min . The 

The university will open for business again in the fall. A summer's 
interval will probably mean that the campuses will start out quiet 
again, like they were the first two quarters of this year. But if anything 
should be clear from what we have lived through this year, it I that 
when the next crisis comes there will be few faction on campus left 
that will be able to afford the luxury of silence. wanted a new organizatIon that would be less dogmatIC than . spol where Winne Immol.ted himself II stili muked by flowers .nd candles. 

FLIIIIT8 ,.,' 
LARGEST SELECTION: TO" WITHIN EUROPE; AFRICA, ASIA, 
SOVIET UNtON. SPRING-SUMMER STILL OPEN. ALL OTHER 
TICKETS, TOO. OLDEST ACADEMIC ASSOC.: EAS:, 323 N. 
BEVERLY DR., BEVERLY HILLS, CAUF. 90210. (213) 276-6293 

Plus Spec,al Guest Star SIII"H 
SATURDAY, JUNE 6 8 P. M. 

SAN DIEGO COMMUNITY CONCOURSE 
CONVErmON MAll 

All Seal ...... rved S5.50, 4.50, 1.50 
Av.,l.ble at Melro T,ckel "gency. Hlghl.nder Men, Slor., 

U C San Diego Box Office dnd C,v,c Thedl'e Box Off,ce 
Fo,l nformJllon 236·6510 

,', I I' ~ • • I _. \ .... ( 1 ( I \ • I.... \ 

Congress and the War 

c: 
Z 
l> 
-n 

1 

2 

3 

Since the day American troops entered 
CambOdia, people in the United States 
have rumed to Congress to end the war in 
Southeast Asia 

In the weeks ahead we must insure that the 
coming elections will create a Congress 
that will be committed to peace, the with· 
drawal of American military presence from 
Indo China and the prevention of other 
Viet Nams. 

The Un iversities' Nat ional Anti·War Fund 
is committed to these goals. 

We ask every faculty and staff member of 
every college and university il1 the United 
States to pledge a minimum of one day's 
salary to the Fund. 

The millions of dollars raised will: 

Provide support on a non·partisan basis to 
candidates for the House and Senate whose 
election is c~itical to the cause of peace. 
(Your support may be earmarked for a 
candidate of your choice or given to a 
common fund administered by a National 
Boatd.) 

Buy television time, newspaper advertising 
space and other publicity fo r the election 
of peace candidates. 

Send representatives of the university 
com munity to Washington to lobby the 
Congress or to any part of the cou ntry to 
assist in critical local campaigns. 

UNAF is a member 01 the National Coalition for a ResponSIble Congress. 

Partial list oJ 'PO"''''s. 

1£ D. A,k", 
Raga Albrittun 
Fatlter CoIe'llllll DairY 
I:,'dward J. 8lalll/rin 
F,lix B/O<'h 
K ollrad Blodl 
/loword R. 80\\'tll 
lIan'f!Y Bronk! 
Jerome S. IJnmf!r 
Bertlord BudfDI/\#.y 
Mary BUnfutX 
OM'e" Chamher!o;" 
JllleC'ul", r,' 
A bfDnt O,oyrs 
Rob", CoOl, 
Up,,,,' Sle~'t! Commolrf 
t.'dward Couda" 
Clut Difr",si 
JoI ... T t'd",11 
Uu'Wo,d WHit/mom 
"',,* I:'rlk~" 
Ben,ord F,/d 

I .A. (;albrorth 
Re,ltl,.l' G!4Sl 
VlIlltall Gla:l'f 
A.D. lIushrl 
IIl1dsml HoogluIIJ 
II. StulIrt IIl1.xltC's 
Rotlla"lol.:o" __ d" 
"..,1I0lt Joruoll 
Gyo,.,,· Krpt·. 
I ('Oil A "elllla 
lui", A' "(}w/~J 
imhuQ 1 t"J. rbat 
DI1t1lel S, ll'1lT1ft11t1 
NDrq T 1.('1'ill 
C""'t Lin","ol 
,IDtU I mJ(' 
""QuAlm LUI/I. 
FJWDrJ I U,",Jllik\: 
Soia-aJar f . I "f/O 
I "wl), .Humford 
"0"1/1' P('fll: 
";a"i PreJJ 

lIolllf F Prtn' 
O{1rfU R lI.'smOll 
t llan Roh"'~JIf 

Ur' If), RusOl).l, 
8"1110 R()$jl 
IIht'f1 SOlks 

Fro,,: Sf Jrurmonn 
Jt,~, tUH Sl'rI 
Ro, IIIUUJ S'tll'f' 
\Sdlt'f .,'1101'1'" 
h'olla II. S,rHA.",a\'t" 
IIh(',., .\'·""11 ("''''1(1 

IlOlId f"I1"" 
, l lntrf I) ( '11111011 
lIafolJ C. t,,,., 

Ci(OfJ~t M11J 
JOIIJf'S I) MJtwm 
1 "/( lor F. ~'l'IHkopr 
Jill qllt 'me C;f£,1II10', k'f'dfr 
If'rome' W,tS/Wf 
I/c-'"'''' YorA 

I enclose 5 ____ to Ihe Universiti es' National Anti· ~ar Fund 

I also pledge. future don.lton of S_ 

I am wllI,ng to help work for the Fund on my campus at 

IName) 

IAddress) 

Th. Universit ies' Nllio II Anti·Ww Fund, Boo 800, C.mbrldge, M .... 02139 

Triton Times June 5, 1970 Page 9 



-
Third College Finalizes, But 
Still Faces Faculty Problem 

GITUlY Kelley 
Raoul Contreras 
Staff Writers 

The direction of Third College 
has been a much-<iebated issue. 
The attempt to adapt the original 
Lumumba-Zapata demandS' for a 
Third College devoted to 
"relevant education for minority 
youth and study of contemporary 
social problems of all people" to 
the cherished academic stan-
dards of administration and 
faculty has been set forth in the 
Third College Academic Plan. 
This plan was approved by the 
San Diego Division of the 
Academic Senate in December of 
last year. An abbrieviated form 
of the plan, without an ad-
missions variance procedure, has 
also been approved by the Board 
of Regents. , 

Developing an admission 
variance which will be ac-
ceptable to the Regents is one of 
the major tasks the Third College 
planners face this summer. 
Planners feel the variance im-
perative in order to have the 
college open to the barrio and 
ghetto youth it was designed for. 
Also continuing work through the 
summer on final preparation for 
the fall opening will be student 
curriculum and orientation 
committees. There is also a 
committee engaged in 
preliminary discussion for the 
architecture of the Third College 
buildings. 

The academic plan as 
presently co!!ceived will orient 
the college toward the 
development of individuals who, 
as leaders , will playa part in the 
solution of the social and 
economic conditions which bar 
ethnic minorities from the 
"mainstream of society." 

It is the philosophy of Third 
College that self-respect and 
identity are important qualities 
for leadership. Courses are to be 
offered in the history , literature, 
art and music of black and brown 
peoples in order that these 
potential leaders will have a 
broad understanding of the 

. development of their cultures 
both in the "old country" and in 
the U.S . The ability to convey 
information effectively is also 
necessary to a leader. The 
communications department will 

Tllere Ir. summer jobs .... 

teach fundamentals of written 
expression as well as journali~m. 
creative writing. and speaking 
and writing for radio and 
television. They will also work in 
data provessing, information 
sciences, programmed and 
automated teaching techniques, 
and "ill explore music and dance 
as methods of communication. 

Every new college has unique 
problems . One probelem for 
Third College has been in finding 
applicants. A proposal from Muir 
and Revelle colleges for giving 
their shares of the four per cent of 
the entering class admitted by 
special action at the discretion of 
the Chancellor to Third College 
1M coIIeg ..... cOftcemed with 
the parsonll Ind community 
problems of minorities: . 

was rejected by the Third College 
board of directors. Acting 
Provost Frazier said it was felt 
that the special action people 
should be equally distributed 
among the three colleges and that 
Third College wants to avoid 
becoming the four per cent 
college. The entering class of 
about 200 has been selected 
through the efforts of in-
terviewing teams of present 
UCSD students. 

The problem of a building 
schedule has not yet been 
resolved. It is hoped that con-
struction of living facilities will 
be begun a year from this coming 
July. Ideas for apartment-type 
residences and a food co-op in-
stead of traditional dorms and a 
cafeteria are being discussed as 
is the possibility of using African 
and Mexican architecture. 

The college, which will be built 
between the gym and the Central 
Library , is concerned with the 
personal and community 
problems of minorities . To 
prepare students to solve these 
problems , inter-departmental 
majors will be offered in Third 
World Studies; Urban and Rural 
Development; Health Sciences, 
particularly for pre-med and 
para-med students ; also Com-
municatIOn Arts , and In-
formation Processing and 
Computer Techniques. In the 
future , it is hoped that Literature 
and Society, Social Sciences, Pre-
Law, and Environmental DesiJ(n 

and there are SUMMER JOBS. 
Some students will nm $1500 or more during 

their summer VlCltion. Whit about you? 
cln Bruce - 211-0251 

Vietnam + Cambodia + U.S. TROOPS = Vietnam + Ca.obodia + Laos 
+ Burma + Thailand ...•• 

(War Policy + Nixon 
Congress - DOVJ~S= + Agnew + Mitchell:& SENSELESS SLAUGHTER 

+ Joint Chiefs) and VIOLENCE 
!cAMPAIGN 70 + YOUTH= END TO THE INDO-CHINA WAR 

-= _. --

YOU CAN MAKE THE DIFFERENCE! 
Milke yours.1f halrd by wor.inl in I 

criticil clmplign of 1970 
Interested? 

Write 

STU[)ENTS POLITICAL 
TASK FORCE 

101 California Ave. Rm. 207 P.O. Box 2299 
Santa Monica, California 90403 Prescott, Arizona 86301 

(Include : NAME -- ADDRESS -- SC HOOL -- DATES AVAILABLE) 
You will be notilied immediately as to 

how YOU can help end this tragic war. 
~ Contributions of ONE CENT to ONE DOLLAR ,,:., 
• will be greatly appreclated. 

Page 10 Triton Times June S, 1970 

and Engineering will be added to 
the list. 

Departmental majors in 
Biology, Chemistry, Ma .... 
Philosophy and Sociology will be 
available and will follow 
requirements established by 
Muir and Revelle Colleges with ' 
modifications to suit the goals of 
Third College. 

General education 
requirements are one year of 
communication. one year of 
Third World studies, one year of 
Urban and Rural Development 
and four quarters of Science and 
Technology. There is no language 
requirement, Special projects 
are encouraged, particularly in 
the areas of community service. 
This type of education is thought 
to be mutually beneficial to 
students and community. 

Future plans of Third College, 
in the interest of improving 
minority education. include a 
teacher-training program and to 
develop university centers in 
communities in the San Diego 
area. The centers would provide 
counseling and tutoring for 
prospective students and would 
make extension courses 
available. 
'Third Colleg~ wants to I. 
becoming the four percent 
college. 

But for the immediate future 
the biggest probleT'!! facing Third 
College is faculty . Unless there is 
a breakthrough in the faculty 
recruitment program this 
summer there will be only five or 
six Chicano and Black faculty 
instructors for Third College next 
Fall. According to Robert 
Carrillo, a Third College planner. 
this disappointing performance 
can be attributed to an "ad-
ministrative level hangup." 

He feels the ad hoc finance and 
screening committees which go 
over applicant files have engaged 
in "nit-picking" over salary and 
rank levels . He gave the example 
of a prospective biology professor 
(probably the only full Chicano 
professor in Biology in the 
country ) who wanted a rank 
increase in salary level to 
compensate for his move to San 
Diego. 'the Biology Department 
approved but the Ad Hoc Finance 
Committee said no . The chan-
cellor eventually reversed the 
decision but not before the 
professor accepted a position in 
the Midwest. 

Carrillo also pointed to the case 
of Professor Richard Falk (holds 
a Chair at Princeton ) who lost 
interest in UCSD due to the 
" cumbersome bureaucratuc 
process" for admission to the 
faculty. 

One problem, however. has 
been solved : the choosinJ( of a 

. permanent provost of the college. 
According to Frazer, the chan-
cellor . will recommend that 
Chemistry Professor Joseph 
Watson be appointed by the 
Board of Regents at this month's 
meeting in Los Angeles. Watson, 
who has participated since last 
year in the planning of Third 
College, whould then take over 
Frazer's post in July. 

TO EUROPE 
UNIVERSITY CHARTER FLIGHTS 

June Zl/Sept.13 R. T. $299 
July 3 / Sept.!l R. T. $299 
Sept; 4 One Way $139 

All Intra-Europe Student Flights 
Amsterdam-Athens $ 34 
London-Tel Aviv $ 77 

Backed by rellable, expp,rieneed 
Travel ~gency. Prof. P. Bentler 
c/o Sierra Travel Inc. 9875 San-
ta Monica Blvd. Beverly HUls 
(ZI3) 274-0729 It 274-0720 

September 1960·June 1970: UC Preslden' Charles J. Hllch and Board of Regents 
chairm.n DeWiff A. Higgs meet chillienges '0 'he Universltv : Angela Dilvis 
should be fired ; two cilmpuses should lie closed beciluse of iI tight budget; luition 
should be imposed (and Is) to rilise funds for capital outlav and financial ilid; 
Defense Deparlment funding should be ceased; UC campus newspilpers should 
lie "walched closely;" sludent involvemen, in 'he governance of the university 
should be increased; proxy voles should be voted againsl pollu'ion in a General 
Motors slockholders' light; 'he Regents should be censured bV 'he UC·wide 

Acad~m ic Sena'e, 

Minority at UCSD 

Pride and a Better Life 
Manuel de Jesus Hernandez 

Contributing Edltor 
A mixture of frustration , impatience. helplessness has been the ex-

perience of the minorities on campus. Nevertheless, Blacks, Chicanos 
and Native-Americans have found their educational experience, as a 
Chicana phrased it. an "expansion of knowledge." The parents see 
their children at UCSD as their pride and hope for the "better life." 

Primarily, the knowledge that has been discovered by the minorities 
lies in the realm of the social, economic and political makeup of the 
Anglo society, along with the pressing problems faced by their indi-
vidual communities from whence they come. Also, minorities have 
become aware of the discipline required by academic subjects. 

Community involvement, either directly or indirectly, has been one 
of the major concerns taken up by the three Third World domestic 
minorities: Black Students ' Council, EI Movimiento Estudiantil Chi-
cano de Aztlan and the United Native-Americans. Along with com-
munity involvement, they have the arduous task of establishing a 
college in the U9iversity that .will offer r~lev~t edu.cation, edu~ation 
that will instruct them In seeking change In their SOCial. economic and 
political levels. 

The implementation of the Lwnumba-Zapata college, known to the 
established order as Third College. is the promising educational 
center that will be devoted to providing a relevant education for 
minorities. It is hoped that the instruction will serve to seek peaceful 
change. The success of it is shared by the respective communities 
from where the respective minorities come. 

The Economic Opportunity Program (EOP) at UCSD has made 
available individual tutoring for those students in need. The minority 
organizations, in return, have extended a hand to future University 
students in the local barrio and ghetto high schools. To accomplish the 
feat , recruitment programs have been established: 

MECHA members. along with the help of Mrs. Estela Chacon, 
Chicano advisor. in the past three quarters has had in effect a MECHA 
Recruitment Program. Chicano high school students were brought to 
tour the campus and were counseled on the academic courses to take 
in preparation for a University education. The volunteer program has 
been in effect for two years . 

The BSC chapter on campus has a similar program but it is known 
as Informational Motivation and Recruitment program (IMR). 

Both programs have been very effective and are alleviating the 
educational problems of the ghettos and the barrios. 

The United Native Americans, since their communities are the 
reservations and consequently out of reach from the San Diego area , 
have involved themselves mostly in student recruitment for the 
Lumwnba-Zapata college. They have also supplied help to the Indians 
on Alcatraz . 

During the planning of Third CQllege an admissions committee was 
formed to secure the number of minority students being admitted to 
the Lumumba-Zapata campus next year. The general fee.ling of the 
minorities was that a stand had to be made to prevent the co-()ption of 
admissions and further show the administration the concern of the 
acts involved in Third College. 

Even though the major emphasis for all minorities has been on this 
campus, MECHA saw itself involved at San Diego State College when 
The DAILY AZTEC printed a racist cartoon. The cartoon contained 
the sickening stereotypes that long have been labeled on minorities. 
The direct community involvement by MECHA, in cooperation with 
other chapters, resulted in a personal apology from the editor of the 
DAILY AZTEC. 

Community involvement was evident at the Chicano Park. It was 
the general feeling of the MECHA chapter that the San Diego City 
Council was sensitized to the Chicano community of Logan Heights. 

Towards the end of the Spring Quarter. we saw BSe involving itself 
with aiding the victims of the recent killings in Atlanta, Georgia and 
Jackson, MiSSissippi. The Defense Fund collected about $1,200 which 
was sent to the families of the victims for medical and legal expenses. 

To provide an outlet for minority grievancies. a Third World Supple-
ment was added to the TRITON TIMES. The supplement appeared 
twice during the quarter and its continuation or independence is being 
considered. Alda Blanco, Third World member expressed the opinion 
that "The TRITON TIMES had neglected relevant articles dealing 
with the Third World and the establishing of our news channels serves 
to cover that void." 

MECHA. in their support of the grape strike, formed the Huelga 
Committee, which collected 1,200 pounds of meat that was sent to Coa-
chela. Later the Huelga committee collected about $600 in scrip, also 
sent to further the cause of the farmworkers. Juan Lopez thanked all 
UCSD students for their support. 

As repreSSion closed in on Third World activists. Defense Funds 
were established. 

The involvement of minorities in the Chicano Moratorium was 
another direct community involvement. Many UCSD students sup-
ported these Third World activities. 

As the quarter comes to an end. SSC, MECHA and UNA look back at 
the past, look forward to the future, and decide what actions will be 
needed to improve their people. The events of the future will demand 
new actions for new problems. The challenge is there . 

Foreign Eyes 
See America 

KatbyRust 
Staff Writer 

H I ' low does America stack up when seen through. the eh~s 
I 'UCSD foreign students? How does American. e 

ith that of home? Here is a sample of feelIngs 
.,:0 :~~~s ';erceptive. but generally non-vocal segment of 

~(h \. student body. d t f 
;) ' }uido Baccaglini. an AMES graduate s~u en rom 
• "1 d Italy thinks that the life of an Ameflcan ~tudent It, I 'f ~:f~lated university is boring. He says .that m Italy 
1u1 ,dents are more involved with th~ community. and boys 
j" 1 ·.ally seek girl friends in the city rather than among 
U lOW students. d told 
r The Italians. whose wines are world-renown~ , 

ido to avoid American wines. However, Gwdo was ~ prised to find domestic wines good, and he plans. to b~y 
d '(lttle soon but to wait a few years before he drmks. It. 
\ \ccording to Guido. although drugs are be~omlng 

b .shionable among Italian intellectual~. they ~e V11'tually 
known elsewhere. Ironically, Italy IS the pomt of .entry 

. f.r the marijuana passing fr~m th~ Arab countries to 
r. " et" explains Gwdo. not much of the 

" ,ur~pe . ye.:.. .. ins in Italy because the Mafia does not 
'HI'! :!Ml]uana r ........ li " 
'S lIlt trouble with the Italian po ceo 
~ C;'uido thinks that Italian students are .eyen "more 
1u alicly vocal than are .Ame~cans a~ut poli.~CS. ~ey 

ak out even if there IS no ISSue to discuss . He thinks ;i;. ',erican protests are more serious and more orderly 
s ...; n Italian protests. 
D iuido approves of sit-ins as instruments for refo~ 

-'ause in his opinion they produce far greater results m ~~q ;" ~porti~n to the amo~t of disruption they cause than do 
'tie ·,trikes. . ' zi.l Cristina Mendes is a Muir literature major from Bra 

ho has been here for five months. ~he ~~s that ~t~den~ 
. B azil no longer can discuss the11' political opm10ns m 

..,. ... , b~C Cristina reports that several years ag~ stud~nt ~ 'l'Otesiors were arrested and tortured by the mcommg 
:.ilitary government. . all 

"Students are middle class bOth in scope and in . d~ter­
mination. In China education is' considered a pnvU fTe 
rather than an investment." He says that. the state 
provides education only for the intell~tu~l1y elite (2.5 per 
cent) who pass the qualifying exammatlo~. . . 

Hyland is disappointed with the teachmg ability of 
assistant professors at UCSD. "The fir~t-year. AMES 
graduate courses are supposed to be enlig~tenmg. b~t 
they aren't because the professors are more mterested 10 
doing research than in teaching." . 

Drugs are not used in China to the extent that they are 10 
the U.S. He said that people in rural China weave cloth 
from the fibers of the marijuana plant, but they have not 
learned to smoke it yet. Chinese scientists have shown 
that LSD can be harmful , so it is no longer tak~n ~o any 
extent. Hyland says that heavy penalt~es ha~e e~nllnated 
the use of opium . "The fine for possessmg Opium IS twenty 
year in prison; for selling it, death." . ., . 

Hyland thinks that students in American ~lver~I~les 
are more vocal than Chinese students about thell' polltl~al 
views. He likens the Chinese government to a ne~ With 
large holes. "You can slip through the ~oles, but if you 
touch the net you are trapped. Students m the U:S. treat 
life in a playful manner; rallies and demonstratIons are 
games." 

Hyland does not think Nixon is as bad as students say ~e 
is. He thinks that Nixon is trying to get the U.S. out of Viet 

Nam and the Cambodian invasion is part of. Nixon's at-
tempt to end American participation in the Asian War. 

. Lyndon Johnson was a better President than John F . 
Kennedy. in Hyland's opinion. because Ken.ne~y ha~ no 
control over Congress and Gould not p~t ~IS Ideas mtl~ 
effect, " Like Shirley Temple Bl.ack, Mickey ~?use 
Reagan is a monstrosity of AmerIcan demo~ra~y . 

. Raimonda Modiano is a graduate student 10 lIterature 
from Bucharest Rumania. She has found ~he study .. of 
literature in the 'U.S. more specialized ~han. In Rumania . 
Students here have a warmer relationship Wlth professors 
and generally do not work as hard. . 

Raimonda had previously pictured AmerIcan women as 
housewives who did not work. Rumanian wo~en .all work. 
There is not prejudice against wom~n entering flel~ that 
are reserved exclusively for men In the U.S. 

Paul Pupier. a linguistics graduate stud~nt from 
France. thinks that the Paris student revolutIOns. w~re 

. more effective because the French students In Paris live 
in a small area and are close to the center of power. 

Paul discussed the foreign students' lack of represen-
tation at UCSD. He feels that foreign students have 
common problems concerning financial needs and the 
scarcity of job opportunities and that they need a way to 
voice their opinions. Next year foreign students hope to 
use the International Club, now a socially-()riented group, 
as an instrument for representation. 

.. ··k " Heavy" 

Cristina contends' that Brazilians are especl . Y angry 
be t US imperialism. "They oppose the Alliance for .~ '1"o~e~ ~hich sends milk to the poor peopI.e of nor~em 

a 8razil. The people are convinced that the milk. co~~,ms a 
la ;ubstance which sterilizes th.e women ,:"ho drmk 1t .an~ 
fj .hat the U.S. is using the milk as an ~yoluntary birth 

control measure to prevent future upnsmgs. . 
Hyland Chen, an AMES graduate stu~ent fro~ Taiwan 

Apr il-Mav 1970: The Associa1ed Students revise ilS government~1 
slruc1ure 10 force studen1 represen,.tives '0 perfordm J sfte~~~c 
tasks in campus governance. An election follows, an e . 

jam in, leff. is succeeded by his vice.pres.den~. M. e . close 
Palcic, as AS president for 'he 1970.71. academIC year '" a 
race against Jim Magill (second Irom nght, Iron' row) . 

Md the new International Club preSident, thin~s that !: .~merican un1\rersities are professionally oriented. 
rtF ~udents in Politics • 
~,::)tudying fn?m the InSide _ 
A • Contemporary Issues course ' fliet,. and ~lic,~-makl: ~~ ~~~~:s ~::::s~~~S~~d~~%_ 
t(:"" I . 19ned to inal~?W stuti~a~tpos t~t~' ~e~:,se ~~~rip:~:~s :Ub- mittee on Educational Policy and 
)(jXS . : ~r1ence prac C I ba' ' tted Courses for review. Once accep-

has been submitted to ., C 11'- on . t d th Parrish can Scbwartz for approval . If approved , Contemporary e. e course, says , ~ntl;c:all term. Issues 70 would requir~ .students be taken by qualfied students. 
. sted by History Professor to "complete a partlclpant-ob-

ugge . rver study" and "sharpen 
i.:hael par~~sh, th~ co;:~c~~: ~~llS necessary for competent 

.~d ::p~!~ ~~:en~ an oppo'r- research in the ~ial ~c.iences 
lOW 

.. ~d g t" t directly in and increase their ability to 
"", Ity to par IClpa e . d mmuni ~ (1j ~ democratic political process gather. or~anlze, an co -

The prerequisites for the 
course is junior or senior stand-
ing, or consent of the instructor. 
Furthet information can be ob-
tained from Professor Parrish at 
ext. 1763 in the History Depart-
ment, 402 MC. IU' ..!".d thereby deepen their under- cate data . oves the hlp •. nding of social change. con- II Mrs. Schwartz appr , 

.~ 
j 
t 

.') 

· '. 

, 
• 
• f 
I 

The purpose of the ARTS' 
~ection of the Triton Times 
;s to promote an interest-in 
the cultural events 'of the 
.:ampus and San Diego 
community. Opinions 
ax pressed in critica I a rti-
cles are those of the 
writer. Information and 
press releases should. be 
submitted to Jeff Frted, 
: 1 0 Triton Times. 

Available at 
GUY ~RQUHART 

l04l'Columbla street 
San Diego, Callfornla 

GULLS NEST 
TUESDAyS .... 

6:00 to 10:00 p.m. 
• DleM DI •• ER I 60~ 
two beef enchiladas, 
beans, and fried rice 
Happy Hour Margaritas ~~ 

WEDNESDAyS .... 
8:00 to 12:00 p.m. 

fOUl SINGERS "H001" -116l1T 
Singers, Guitarists, 
BanjOists welcomed! 

T-HURSDAyS .... 
7:30 p.m. 00. ... 

SNITS. fI&HTS, AID OLD llMI: fiLMS 
FUms on sports, surfing. boxing. 
Cbarlle Ctaplin, Laurel It Hardy, etc. 

FRIDAyS·.... S 
&WIT HAPPY HOUR 6:31-1:38 'SATURDAY .... 
Free hot bors d'boerves, drinks 50~ 6:00 to 11:00 p.m. 
lEE" DRIII.& COITEST 1:30 COUIDY fISH fRY 
(reservations in advance); with french fries and tartar 
Silver Mug aards sauce 

I ENTERTAINING NIGHTLY: All You Can Eat $1.5'0 
I Laura Madero, San Diego's Beer 35~ foUt singing sensation. • TURTLE RACES .t •• 
o 3695 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 

(opposite Sports Arena' 
224-2705 

;'S~mo~RIW~~~!i~\il~"'~\ii~:IiIhiidl&~-~~·;w~\iIl~lIi&il~~~~~~~\i&i~~~~""'~1 
TICK~~,~~~o ?~:~~~~!~~!o ~~!;~255 1 
The 21st Sari Diego National 

sbaliesl'eare 
ftstiual 

June 9 through September 13, 1970 
ONE OF THE NATION'S MOST RESPECTED FESTIVALS 

CRAIG NOEL. Producing Director 

MUCH ADO ABOUT NOTHING Opells June 9 
.. lomontic comedy 
Directed bV 
Pirie MocDonold 

June9, 10. 11 , 13",14. 16. lB , 20. 
21 *. 24. 26, 27¥, 28, 30; Julv 2. 4. 
5' . 7 . 11 · .. 12.1S*.J7, 19 ' . 22. 2~. 
28. 30; August 1*,2. 4. S*, 7, 9 , 
12. 1 S, 19 , 20, 22",23. 25 , 28. 
30*; September 1. 2, S. e, 9 · , 11 
12 . 13" 

KING RICHARD U opens JUlie 12 
an historicol drama 
Directed bV 
Stephen Porter 

(YMBELINE 
., d,omofic log end 
Directed by 
Loui. CrilS 

June 12, 13. 14'. 17, 19, 20', 21 . 
23 . . 25. 27 , 2B ; July I , 3, 4". S • 
12. , 16, lB. 22·· • . 25 .. , 26, 29. 31, 
August 2 *, 5. 8. 12". 13, 15 , 16 • 
21 , 23 ' . 26, 29; September 2" 3. 
5 '- , 6 , 9, 13 

opells July' 
JuiV 9 .1 0 , II, 14. 15.18*, 19.21, 
23,24, 26*, 29*, August 1,6,8",9. 
II , 14, 16*. 18. 19,22, .26*.27. 
29*. 30', Sepl.mbo~ 4 . 6 · , 10, 12. 
"ma,in ••• 

SIInl5 TlCK"S. Son up 10 12% E~"ning. Only. Must be used by 
August 2, 1970 

Throe $5.00 admissions at $'3.50 (one for .ach rlov) 
Thru $4.50 admission, at $12.00 (ono for eoch ploy) 

Add !SO (In" pet tic. ... t if vsed Friday or Sotllrdo ••• tl t" 

SINGLE TICKETS EVININ55 
Tu.,dav. Wednesday, Thursdoy, Sut'doy Evo. $5.00 & 54.50 
frtdayand Saturday EVI!ning' ! .!" . o:~" 

SINGLE TICKETS MATINEES 
Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday ahernoon 54.50 & $4.00 
Slud.nll Ihru hi school (Moti"e" Only) $2.50 

. 

olb globe tbeatre 
.BALBOA PARK· . 

I W¥i#eenew ee ..... !T?!'!tJT1fI\"T. "'-.. 
. , Triton Times June S, 1970 Page 11 



. ' 

. ; 
" 

~. 

\ 

. , 

'L_ 

:~ .... 

'Dmlr \t)U"THINI\ ." .; . : 
WE'RE BEING mo· .... 
PERMISSIVE. wmi '" '. ' 
THOSE FUZZV, EGO . '. 
STEALING, MAMMALS!" 

", ' ,. , . 
. ,~ .... , 
.. 

" <J\\... . 
, \'.lO\)\.\)~ 1" 
\'£'T IT WORRY 
YOU .•• THEY'RE 
JUSTA NEW 
LIFE-STYLE FAD, 

FROM THE 
INTERIOR, GIVE 

'EM TIME-THEY'LL 
EVOLVE OUT OF IT .... " 

~--.. : .... 

\. 
'\ 
"-

'I 

Opinions expressed on "'is page are "'ose 0' fIle writers and do not necessarily 
re'lect the op,n ion 0' the TRITON T IMES. Everv opinion contribution should ' 
include the nam e and acldress of t he writer . Name will be withheld on request. 
The TRITON TIMES r.serves the right to eoit 'or libel law lind space 
requirements . Send contributions to TRITON TIMES, 117 BllIke HlIlI, UCSD, 

Political Blackmail 
and-Fear as Rules 

Ann Ro!".n .nd Jim S.lIow.y 
Come congressmen, senators please heed my call 
Don 't stand in the doorway, don't block up the hall. ' 
For he who gets hurt will be he who has stalled 
There's a battle outside and it 's ragin ' ... ' 

~or the two UCSD. delegations that went to Washington, certain 
things h~ve been r~allzed about the effectiveness of such actions and 
the poSSible effectlven~ss of future actions. The primary reason for 
the venture~ to the Capitol were to lobby for the anti-war amendments 
and resol~hons now before the House and the Senate, and, therefore, 
the question to be answered is "How effective was the lobbying that 
occured?" To answer this question, the following exerpts have been 
taken from the notes kept by Ann Roman (first delegation) and Jim 
Galloway (sec?nd delegation) about the lobbying effort with 
Congressman Lionel Van Deerlin of San Diego. 
Notes from Ann Roman: 
. We hit Van Deedin in two shifts. The first meeting went off much 

like many others except he was already supporting the Cooper-Church 
Amendment and so we moved right away to the McGovern-Hatfield 
Amendment, telling him that supporting the one and not the other was 

/ 

not enough and threatening to work actively against him if he didn't 
support both ~endments. Mter a short heated exchange with "Don't D!rlBB threaten me, I.m fr.om a navy town," and other niceties, we asked if 

/ 
~ I we could u.se hIS office for the remainder of the stay, and he said yes. 

__ .:..-_________ ~_-----~ The~ followed statements of how 'disaffected students were how if 
they didn 't see some actions to change things rathet than words then 

, LETT E R S TO TH E '£;'.0 .. t.TOR all hell would break loose. By ~e enq of the second shift he was ~ying 
that he and others would come out of the woodwork and support the 

. . ·~ p8rticularly diSliPpointed by the 
.. 8 0S' D-.pos,·,,·on 8 cumbersomeness of the bureau-r l -.rr u . . 'cratic process considering him. Uyable World 

McGov~rn-Hatfiel~ Amendment if. it passed the Senate. We caIne · 
away ~th. the feeling he shoul4 be visited over and over and pushed to 
commit hunself for the amendinent. 

' . . :'Perliaps the greatest achieve-
.' .: rpent for which the Ad Hoc 

': .... ... ::: Editor:' : . Review Committees should be 
Proposition 8, a measure' to priiised is the creative judgment 

Somehow, maybe partly due to adVice, maybe due to our own anger 
we knew there were no holds barred in lobbying, no niceties to ~ 

pla~ed. We. wer~ there to trY. to turn people around, and not to be fooled 
by lust being listened to ; to confront them and to exert as much 
pressure as possible. Maybe if any of us had doubts as to how to lobby 
we ilecame more aggressive and demanding as we got the impression 

~ver and over that our congressinen were thinking it sufficient to 
listen - we ~ew that it wasn it, and we repeated that continually. 

.... 

.' . 

. ' 

,fund public education in' Cali- .' theU has been used in evaluating 
. fornia, was defeated in Tuesday 's ' the wtential of prospective 
primary an d will not be on the ' . fi\culty. Here repeatedly the Ad 
ballot in November. There is now . ijoc Review Committees have 
a bill pending in the california . . been t.qJwilling to reevaluate their 
.State Assembly, Assembly Bill ' . outda~d lofty ideals of academic 
'1309, sponsored by Assemblyman ' I,!xce11$,nce and have shown little 

. Collier,'. which, if passed, would ': f?~esight ~ i~s . recommenda-
essentially provide equivalent . bons . . It IS ridiculous to be 
funding; . . seriou.sly . recruiting faculty at 

Readers can contribute to the .' Wis late date, and yet this is the 
funding of this bill by writing to ~siti~ in which Third College 
their assemblyman urging him to flAOS itself because of the few 
vote fol' AB-1309. . appointments it has been able to 

Robin Vander Laan secure; 
454-2573 My :.hope is that next year, 

. 'Third tollege will be in a better 

Third College 
Editor : 

THANK YOU UCSD 
Thank you for the invaluable 

efforts you have made on behalf 
of the most creative and timely' 
event in this campus ' 
history-the coming of Lumum-
ba-Zapata College. 

It will be pardoned if I do not 
reiterate the great enthusiasm 
the campus has shown since 
MECHA and BSC first proposed 
the new outli 1e for Third College. , 

However a t this time there are 
deeds that have gone unpraised 
and yet deserve recognition . I 
direct myseI: then to the Ad Hoc 
Review C.)mmittees which 
screen the mes of prospective 
faculty can jil:lates . The eft!-
ciency with }Yhich you have . 
performed ) our duties has no 
comparison. Faculty that came 
to Third Colkge for interviews in 
the Fall Qual till' of this academic 
year are ne w receiving offers 
from the Administration. Most 
notably, there is the case of the 
faculty member from Princeton 
l.!niversity who was being con-
Sidered for Chairman of the 
Political Science Department 
here; he has held a Chair at 
Princeton since he was 34 years 
old, and is very interested in 
Third World political questions, 
He has now indicated that he will 
not come, stating that he was 

position to acquire the faculty it 
needs.; 

Robert Carrillo 
. Student member of the 

Third-College Board of Directors 

M~ary Research 
1'0: The President and Congress 

. ' '.of the United States, et al : 
Subjeet: Resolution passed by 

.the .San Diego Division of the 
Acaltemlc Senate at its Meeting 
of ~ay 16, 1970 

The San Diego Division of the 
Academic Senate of the Uni-
versity of california, consisting 
of the Faculties of the Scripps 
llistitution of Oceanography, Re-

~ellc Collegp.. John Muir College, 
the Medical School, and Third 
Co)h:ge, hereby declares that we 
wish to eliminate our dependence 
on' funds now made available to 
us by the Department of Defense, 
and we urge that the same funds 
be made available through non-
military-oriented agencies. 

We direct that this resolution 
be communicated to the Presi-
dent of the United States, the 
Congress, the Director of the 

~udget, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, 
the Divisions of the Academic 
Senate, and the news media. 

Melvin J. Voigt, Secretary 
San otego Division of tile 

Academic Seale 

Page 12 Tri ton TI~es .June S, 1970 

Editor: 
War, racial conflict, political 

repression, and environmental 
pollution will worsen drastically 
unless effective action is taken to 
change national priorities. These 
dissimilar problems are related 
economically, and reversion to a 
civilian from a military economy 
should beneficially affect each of 
them. 

The Council for a ' Livable 
World is a lobby fOWlded by Leo 
Szilard in 1962 after consultation 
with students and faculties 
across the country. The- Council 
for a Livable World has gen-
erated " a sustained effort to re-
duce the risk of a nuclear war and 
to bring about arms control, dis-
armament, and world order. " 
The Council strives to elect to the 
Senate candidates who share 
these aims. Contributors provide 
campaign funds directly to 
candidates of their choice 
through the Council . 

Senators who have benefitted 
by Council support include 
OJurch, Cranston, Gore, Hart, 
Hatfield, Hughes, Fulbright , 
McCarthy, and McGovern. 
Thirty out of 40 senatorial candi-
dates backed by the Council have 
been elected, some by a margin 
attributed by them to Council 
support. The Council's efforts 
have made a great difference in 
the nature of Senate debate and 
voting on such issues as the Test 
Ban Treaty and the ABM. The 
Council also contributes scientist 
seminars to inform members of 
the Congress and the adminis-
tration on peace keeping and dis-
armament issues. The Council 
has status as a non-governmental 
organization accredited to the 
United Nations. 

If readers are interested In pro-
moting and maintaining world 
peace and in improving national 
priorities, they will be interested 
in communicating directly with 
the Council for a Livable World, 
which needs their help. 

Joim Gl'QIler 
Robert B. Uv ..... toa 

MarkSielel 
ComM:U for a U vable World 

Notes from Jun Galloway: : . 
I ~emember talks, disputes, and discussions with members of our 

contingent about how to lobby. Some of the members were convinced 
that t~e best way to lobby someone like Van Deerlin was to go in and 
laud hiS stand o~ ~e <?ooper-C,hurch Amendment and say that they are 
very so~y he didn t lIke the M~vern-Hatfield Amendment but that 
we reallz~ hqw hard it is to be against the war when your District is 
conservative, and how we sympathize with you, Mr. Van Deerlin, 
because ~e know how much pressure you must be under and we will 
be v~ry ~Ice to you and not push you any more. We thank him so much 
for hIS tune, say good-bye, and then leave with handshakes aU around 
and a couple of friendly pats on the shoulder. We leave feeling nice 
that we had showed our sincerity to that poor , unfortunate man. And 
as we walk out ,th~ door he thinks, "Well, no problem there, even 
thoug~ they don t like my McGovern-Hatfield stand, they won't do 
anything to hurt me, and, therefore, I don't have to change my mind 
because they are already on my side!" . . . . 

That's what the majority of the people in the delegation ~anted to 
do, an~ that's what they did, and, therefore, as a lobbying effort it was 
bullshlt. !he name of the game is pressure and power, with political 
blackmail and fear as rules. If you want to try to work within the 
system, th~n you have to do it in the manner that the system works. 
However, if through acts of conscience, you cannot bring yourself to 
p!&y those nasty games, then you either sit home and let others do your 
dirty w?rk for you (you are still an accomplice to the crimes by your 
non-actIon) or you start reading "The Making of a Counter Culture" br Teodore Roszak, and that's an entirely different scene with entirely 
different rules. 

triton tiInes 
EDITOR·IN·CHIEF , . , , .••. , • • 5"-'. Londo. 

Nows Editor , • , , • , •• , • , • , .. , A_ Showier 
1., ... 1 ..... _ , •••• ••• , • •• " 11111 AI_lu 
A'IOCI . .. News ........ .. ..... . Rich Heimlich 
1.101".", Now, •• _ . , •• , .". MOlly $elvin 
Am E.III .. ... , , ....... . , • , . ... Jolt Fr ltd 
~ I! ..... , , .. ...... , , .... S..-.o DorlCn 

Me .... I ..... _ . , , . . . , •. Hoy_ Gommon 
A.sec .............. 1!4I1t ........ .. Mlk. KI.y.,-
~ •• _ . . . , .•.•••.• . .•. Chuck Gr .... m 
1.._ .... C,," I!'_ ... ..... . . . _ eastern 
1'IteIeet' .... y ....... ... . ... , , , • MMk Trllll"" 
....... 1.11.10111."' . , ..... .. carl D. NolDurg.,. 

........ 111 ... .. . , •• , • , • , , , , • " SUSOn ~ 

STAFF WRITEIIS: OWl' 11110. J._ Q"""'" S .... n Gr.v ... All.., Hlo_ Owen Joy John 
IM ... II~ Jim SUI., On. S, .... "', 5...,. Stryke(. ' _ Mr. 
ARTS WRIT •• S: Lllrry Jof\nson, Terry Baril 

S_TI WR"E.S: COt .. Chilli"" ..... . Frtd Grun_.IcI. 

STAFF ARTIST: A_' A. CGIIon. 
PRODUCTION : K .... Glick. Judy HIli . Holly Ho_. _ Chon. Dey. _ ..... 

"",TOO.AI'H ••• : Vlnco MnauI ..... ICon T ... !9uchl, Jim R-', 

The Middle East: 

APATHY WORKS BOTH WAYS 
~~~ The views expressed in "A Jewish View of Apathy," homes in '48 and '67, suffering the poverty of refugee hanging of Jews in Iraq became a "Jewish problem" m 
::: May 22, 1970, deserve careful thought . I am concerned camps, and from Ii lack of identity in the world com- regardless of the fact the Moslems and Christians were ::: 
::: about apathy in America, and amongst many Jews, for munity. Is their plight less tragic because they are "non- also hanged, regardless of the fact that Iraq is suffering ::: 
::: the state of Israel. Moreover, it has allowed Americans Jews?" from universal human problems. By calling for an ex- ::: 
::: the lUXury of half truths with regard to a group of people America invaded Cambodia to save American lives elusive Jewish identity, the article invites the ::: 
::: they are almost totally ignorant of. who, by inference, are more valuable than those they will descrimination it depiores. ::: 
::: The recent destruction of an Israeli school bus is an kill in the process. Israel invades Lebanon or Jordan to Similarly, recent criticism of the state of Israel by Dr. ::: 
::: excellent illustration. The killing and burial of the Israeli protect the lives of Israelis living in border villages. The Herbert Marcuse was based not on the injustice which ::: 
::: school children produced pathos in American newsmen villagers are occupying land which is not theirs and are many non-Jews are suffering as a result of Israel's ac- ::: 
::: and no doubt has drawn anguished responses from most purposely placed close to dangerous military areas. But tions . Instead, his criticism was based on the fear that ::: 
::: Americans, The killing of Lebanese or Palestinians will be their lives are more important than those they will kill to Israel's actions forebode disaster for the Jewish com- ::: 
:;:' accepted as a natural outcome of this human disaster. protect their colonial state, The right of Israel to self- munity. ::: 
:::' How differently the killing of Egyptian school children determination and territorial integrity is more sacred Indeed, Americans; and particularly American Jew", ::: 
:::; and factory workers was reported? There was not than the right of the Palestinians to the same principles. exhibit apathy with regard to the state of Israel. This ha ::: 
:::: pathos - it was explained as a " military The article " A Jewish View of Apathy" remarked about allowed them to condone actions which they don 't permh ::: 
:::: miscalculation." After all, these were Arabs. Perhaps the the participation of American Jews in protest movements. their own country to do. This apathy has led them to ac- ::: 
:::: killing of Arabs was less of a disaster than the killing of It touched on a major contribution of American Jews to cept Israel as the "bastion of democracy" in the Middle ::: 
;::: Israelis. Perhaps the Arabs are less dead because it was a American history _ the reform movements. They did this East, and the Palestinian fedayeen as "terrorists ." If ::: 
:::: mistake, But the effect was c~ear -.the Arab dead were as human beings and as Americans. How can the article such an uncritical 'attitude continues, Americans may::: 
:::: not portrayed as human beings With whom we could then talk about the Jews' "unassimilated existence?" soon find themselves in a position not unlike the one in ::: 
:::: identify. Through sub!le mean~, the Ar~bs are seen as This is a contradiction in logic. The article asks Jews to Southeast Asia, where they are destroying people and ::: 
:::: "the enemy," and their dead, like the Viet Cong, do not identify with Jewish problems, rather than with universal cultures that they are totally ignorant of. ::: 
:;:: touch Americans personally. humanity. This, in any language, is racism, Somehow, the ::: 
::: And what about the Palestinians, driven from their ::: ~~:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: . :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: . :.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:~:~:~:~:~:~:::::: :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: ::::::: :::::::::::::::::::::::::: ::::::::::::::::::::.:;:::::. :::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::.:::::;:::;:::::::::::::.:~:. : . :.:.:.:.:.:::::::::::::::.: ::: ::::::::::::::::::::::::::.:::.: ::::::::::.:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:,B 

P~£SU)£~1"'~L. 
~£PDflT c~1!t> 
:"'A_M_E:.::~='~==t\\=. =N=WW"v=v ___ f0 

PEACE IN INDOCHI~p., F 
PEAC6 ON CAMPUS f 
H(;ALTH, EDUCATION, W~LFA~E F 
THE" CITI~S F 
.THe E:NV/ RorHAGr-!T F" 
TiiE t=CONOM Y F 

SUPREME COU~T APPoINTME:Nf$ r:"F 
Ac r; 

I-flel/EMENT BASED ON ABILI1Y B-

President Palcic Pleas 
for People or Heav, 
Hollers Helpl 

The university can be made to 
meet the changing needs of its 
students, but to do this, the 
students must first be interested 
in involving themselves in the 
decision-making processes that 
affect their lives. Students 
already play a significant role at 
some levels of campus gover-
nance, but this needs to be ex-
panded. 

In the area of decision-making 
involving courses and curricula, 
for example, the students' role is 
indeed small. Through a student-
run program of teacher 
evaluation, student input into this 
area can be increased. Moreover, 
students can take an important 
place on the initiative level 
through involvement in depart-
mental decision-making com-
mittees. Similar programs can be 
started in other areas of student 
concern. 

The Associated Students is 
currently seeking to compile a 
list of names of stodents who wish 
to involve themselves in campus 
governance. There are a number 

of appointments to academic and 
administrative committees to be 
filled by the Fan. Under the ' 
Academic Senate are the 
following committee ap-
pointments: Academic Freedom, 
Educational Policy, Executive 
and University Welfare, Library, 
Special Scholarships. 

Campus-wide administrative 
committees are: Registration 
Fees, Bookstore, Parking, Public 
Ceremonies, Campus Planning, 
Student Center Planning. Also 
student representation is needed 
on ad hoc committees as they are 
formed to deal with campus 
problems. 
. In addition, the AS Council will 
be forming its various com-
missions and will require a 
number of student members. 
These students will develop and 
implement new programs as well 
as expanding current operations. 

Students interested in any of 
the above positions and programs 
should leave their names and 
swnmer addresses with the AS 
Secretary in 250 Matthews 
campus or call Ext. 191:1. 

Will You Choose Death 
Instead of Life? 

Elliott Ste.rns, Trident Cb';s.tisn. Fellowship 
I believe the story of Noah and the ark (especially 

with the suggestive and recent archeological 
evidence for the existence of the ark ) is a good and 
useful place to begin presenting what the 
message .:. the Gospel or Good News - that we as 
OJristians at UCSD are attempting to conununicate 
to the campus. Its a good story because of what it 
reveals about our Lord and His character, which is 
a matter incredibly misunderstood here. 

As an eXtimple of what I mean, consider the story 
of the st~dent organization II.t the beginning of this 
academiC 'year which presented a lengthly three 
hour program for the benefit of the students at 
UCSD on "The Impossibility of the Existence of 
God," or something of that sort. The audience at 

·this event was treated to impeccable logic proving 
beyond any doubt that if "God" were assumed to 
exist, then this led t(l a mass of irreconcilable 
contradictions to reason and reality. 

The logic was perfect and the conclusion - that 
atheism (the term is theirs) is the only possible 
rational answer - inexorably followed. The only 
trouble here is that Jesus OJrist, the God whom we 
proclaim IS God, is a person, and a person with a 
personality; and a personality is impossible to 
premise and then logically explain away. 

In the story of Noah, let us see if God's person can 
be put in that logical, definitional procrustean bed 
mentioned above. When I read the story a few 
weeks ago , I was at first struck by what appeared to 
me to . be a remarkable silliness, or even 
childishness in it, but upon further reading I was 
struck by how very much the story reveals just how 
personal my Lord really is. 

In the ~ccount, if you remember, God destroyed 
the world and its creatures (with the exception of 
Noah, his family, and the pairs of animals) because 
(in a scene not in the least but difficult to imagine ) 
"The wij:kedness of man was great in the earth." 
Now, instead of merely annihilating the wicked in 
an instant in some supernatural way, we see God 
making Noah work for many years building a huge 
ship, gathering animals, and so on ; and then , of all 
the inefficient way, flooding the world to destroy it. 

Why? why did God go to all this trouble; isn't He 
omniscient and all powerful? At this moment, 
before reflecting that He really has no conception of 

~~ . 

"WAR!" "~.c:e ... " 

what the tenn's "omniscient" and "all powerful" 
mean, the average critical reader has dismissed the 
account .. as ~ myth. But for the truly intersted 
person, the anser is given, right after the flooding, 
in the mst four· words of Genesis, chapter 8: "And 
God reniembered .Noah." 

That fs a truly profound sentence; did God will 
Himself ~to " forget" Noah for a time and then 

"remem~rtt him? Yes ! But why would He want to 
do that? The 'answer is even more profound i.e. God 
simolv could not bear to see a creation like the 
Earth lind 'the men created in His own image 
-- havir!g H:is :attributes of being -- destroyed, 

obliterat~Q. He had created this art, saw that 
it was beautiful and good, and then needed to 
destroy it. He let loose the floods and then from 
the scene, he just ... walked away, until the deed 
was done. . 

The Gospel that the Christians nere are 
proclaiming is that this personal God, is the same 
Jesus OJrist who walked the world two thousand 
years ago, and who is alive today; that God sent His 
only Son, Jesus Christ, to earth not to judge, con-
demn, or destroy a mankind completely cut off from 
and rebellious against Him, but to have Himself 
crucified to death IN PLACE OF mankind too 
corrupt and cut off from God to be able on its own to 
re-attain rtght standing with Him. With this 
crucifixion and death , man 's sins were ATONED 
FOR, by our Lord Himself. After this God raised His 
Son to life, and will raise up all to life who will ac-
cept Jesus .OJnst's death as their atonement, and 
Jesus as Lord. 

It has been said that the world doesn 't need any 
more good advice - that 's all we ever seem to 
hear - but rather it needs some good news, and 
that 's what we are proclaiming : the good news that 
by a mere volitional receiving of Jesus as Lord and 
Saviour, life is given where there was death' love 
joy, and peace beyond' understanding is' give~ 
without measure. We Christians will attest to the 
reality of the experience of knowing Jesus Christ 
personally (!) as Lord and Saviour, and wish to 
share this life of love with all. We are not arguing, 
we are proc~aiming wonderful good news. Ask one 
of us regarding our life with Jesus . Ask me - 453-
2923. ' 

This "s this yearls 
final is:ue of the TRI-
TON TIMES. Anyone in-
terested should consi-
der writing an opinion 
co, lImn fnY' i nr 10.1 in; n 
next quarter's first 
issue. Bring your ron-
tribution to the TRITON 
TIMES office, 117 Blake 
Hall, at the beginning 
ot next quarter. 

Trlton .Tin;'es JuneS! 1970 Page 13 
, 



No More 1 eachers, No More Books, 
Jusf 1hose Policemen's Dirty Lools 

Jeff Fried 
Arts Editor 

Leaning forward in your seat, you clench your 
fists as your breath quickens. You want to lash out, 
to avenge, to draw blood, to help. "Z" has just be-
gun. 

If any picture ever made should have a rating, it 
is " Z." "Z" should have two ratings; "S" and "M." 
"S" stands for superb and " M" for mandatory. Be-
yond question the film is superb. The acting is flaw-
less, the cinematography excellent, the direction 
perfect, and the music fascinating. It is, however, a 
quality other than the aforementioned that earns 
"Z" the "M" rating. It is the quality of unbelievable 
relevance. "Z" is set in Greece, but the story of "Z" 
is not confined to Greece. It is taking place in Ohio, 
in Georgia, in Hungary; it is in Prague, and it is in 
San Diego. And where it is not, it is coming, it is 
coming anywhere "we" let it. 

The message is clear: the faceless, the corrupt, 
the greedy, be they the "left" or "right," whatever 
label they bear must not be allowed to operate in 
secrecy. The hope of freedom rests with our ability 
to recognize this urge to smother the opposition. Do 
you think you know the difference? Be sure to see 
"Z." 

***********************. 

footnote 

On Wednesday night, May 2:1, a segment of "Z" 
reached our campus. While covering an incident on 
campus for the TRITON TIMES, a reporter was 
struck from behind by one of the demonstrators. 
This "brave" individual did not even have the cour-
age to stop and confront his " enemy," but hit and 
ran. What strong convictions he must have, what 
pride and esteem he must hold himself in. 

RUBIN 
. RAPS 

"Do It!" by Jerry Rubin 
Simon & Schuster, ,U5 

Jay Gillette 
Arts Writer 

"DANGER! This book will become a Molotov cocktail in your very 
hands. Jerry Rubin has written 'The Communist MllIlifesto' of our era. 
'Do It!' is a Declaration of War between the generations--ealling on 
kids to leave their homes, bum down their schools and create a new 
society upon the ashes of the old. 'Do It! , is a prose poem singing the 
inside saga of the movement; 'Do It!' is a handbook for American 
revolutionaries comparable to Che Guevara's 'Guerrilla War-
fare' ... " This stirring description and oh! much more, urging the 
reader to buy the book is from Simon & Schuster's blurb on the back of 
Rubin's " Do It! " You pay $2.45 in American dollars. 

Don't get me wrong: as a piece of modern artsy-fartsy Americana, 
"Do It!" should have its own Litrary of Congress Card catalogue 
Number and all attendant rights and privileges. "Do It!" should be 
quoted by Birchers and Fundamentalist clergymen, to show what the 
Commies are doing to 01U' young. "Do It!" should be hailed as "the 
freshest and most shocking commentary on the decadence of today's 
(as Jerry puts it) Amerikan life." But as a political-literary milestone 
on par with "Communist Manifesto" and "Guerrilla Warfare," "Do 
It!" comes across as the cheapest form of imi~tion that has sprung 
from Madison Avenue since Nutrament commercials. 

The trouble is simply that "Do It!" is a lousy book. Even when you 

The beauty of "Z" is that it lays bare the whole 
insidious process of the brutalization of freedom. It 
exposes the faceless, choice less freedom of the 
reactionary. It shows that there is only one degree 
of freedom that is satisfactory, a freedom that is 
unrestrained by the fear of repression of thought. 

This type of fascist tactic should be left to the agree with what Rubin says it's still a lousy book. Perhaps if it had 
mindless swine that require it to boost their egos. It been titled "Thoughts of Chairman Jerry" it might have been more 
should not be allowed to soil just causes. palatable, because then it would have been a ride through Jerry 

...--------------t Rubin's mind and adventw-es. In fact, the person of Jerry Rubin is the 
The purpose of the ARTS section of the Triton Times is 
to promote an interest in the cultural events of the cam· 
pus and San Diego community. Opinions expressed in 
critical articles are those of the writer . Information and 
press releases should be submitted to Jeff Fried, c/o 
Tr.!ton Times. 

where the FUN 

Glenn Ya .. hrou8h 
America ' s premier ballad 
singer will hold the grandstand 
spotlight the first six evening. 
at the Expo - June 24-29. Al-
ways a sell. out on his concert 
tours, Yarbrough will thrill fair-
goers with a far-ranging reper-
toire of his greatest hits-

shines! 

Frankie and Johnny, Stanyan Street, I' ll Love Away Your 
Troubles If I Can, Touching Through the Air, Baby the Rain 
Must Fall , and others. Clark Malfilt and Brian Davies back 
Yarbrough in their own distinctive style. 

.. ~...:. 

SAN D EGO'S OWN " SWINGING AMBASSADORS," the 
200th's official singing group, takes over afternoon. on the 
grandSl'lnd stage (June 24-29) the first six days of the Expo. 
Augmerted and more experienced, the test-paced. hard-
hilting II.mbassadors rank among the nation'. best. 

SOUTHERN 
CALIFORNIA 

DELMAR EXPO 
JUNE 24-JULT 5 

Page 14 Triton Times June i , 1970 

OPEN HOUSE AT THE 
'TRITON TIMES 1-3 

NORTH-WEST CORNER OF 
BLAKE HALL 

ALL THE BIG NAMES WILL BE 

THERE. 

S .\Tl ' HD .\" 
~fJD:-';J(;IJT 

book's most pleasing point, because Jerry Rubin, co-founder of the 
Yippies and co-sponsor of Pigasus for President, has a sense of humor 
that is sadly lacking in so many activists. Rubin usually knows enough 
not to take himself too seriously, and that is the secret of his success. ' 
But the Rubin myth, which "Do It!" is full of, is one of the least 
pleasing aspects. The Rubin myth is Jerry Rubin taking Jerry Rubin 
seriously, and it Simply doesn't work. The self-consciousness that per-
meates the book is thus a most irritating difficulty. It works something 
like this: I'm Jerry Rubin, you know, the Yippie.l've got some impor-
tant shit to lay on you. (Like his seriously perceptive thoughts on poli-
tics and personalities. His remarks about Philip Abbott Luce, for in-
stance, are brilliant.) But if there is any criticism, fuck criticism! Be-
sides, you know I'm not really serious anyway. 

Yet there are some nicely innovative things in his book. The pictures 
are great and not unduly gimicky. The artwork is acceptable. The lay-
out (not the form) is very well done, and even Rubin's prose is decent 
reading if you don 't pay anything for it. Finally, the "Introduction" 
(written in late 1969 from Algeria) by Eldridge Cleaver should be read 
as an excellent essay all its own. One of Cleaver's comments on the 
Chicago Convention struck me as important : "There is a danger to the 
healthy development of the American Revolution in the fact that often 
revolutionaries are manipulated by the ruling class to appear as a 
bigger threat than they really are." 

~~~~~;:======; Rubin would appear to be one who is manipulated, or perhaps the r readers who believe what he writes. Jerry Rubin has made nearly fifty 
thousand in royalties from "Do It!" Simon & Schuster Publishing 
Company has recenUy been purchased by Norton Simon, Inc. The 
conjunction of these facts should convince potential readers of "Do 
It!" to take Rubin'sadvice~ don't buy the book. STEAL IT! 

PETER KATHARINE 
O'TOOLE HEPBURN 
THE LION IN WINTER 

7 :00 9:30 - COLO. 
AC.AD1!lI .. 7 
3721 iiiVlmY M :Za4 1000 

olb globe tbeatre 
pl'lSlntl 

thl fullliest. hlppiest. "Irrint COInIll, hit of I. tile 
the zany antics of three college undergraduates ..... 
one volunteers to masquerade as an elderly maiden aunt .. .. 
to provide a necessary chaperone for visiting young ladies ... . 

featuring Divil Dulles as Lord Fancourt Babberley 
and a Professional Acting Company 

OPENS JUNE 23 
Performances; Nightly except Monday, 

Matinees saturday and Sunday 

phone 239-2255 for tickets 

cassius carter centre stage 
Hilctft111 1M Old GloM Theltrl 

Sltaiespeare , 
Refurns . To -
Old Glo~e 

Larry JOMson 
Arts Writer 

Framed by the filigreed 
branches of the soaring 
Eucalyptus trees, the Moorish 
tower can be seen, a beautiful 
vision shining in the night. At one 
side the languid moon is just 
clearing the trees, adding its own 
magic as a soft semi-tropical 
breeze cools the summer 
evening. Below are the sounds of 
Elizabethan revelry. 

This is the San Diego National 
Shakespeare Festival at the Old 
Globe Theater in Balboa Park. 
Now in its twenty first season, it 
has already come of age as one of 
the world's most respected 
Shakespeare festivals. It cer-
tainly has one of the most 
beautiful of theatrical locations, 
and it gives San Diegans (and 
thousands of tourists) great 
theater to match. The Old Globe 
was built for San Diego's big 
California Pacific International 
Exposition back in the thirties, 
when it was the scene of 
numerous abreviated 
Shakespearean productions. In 
1949 the Shakespeare Festival 
was originated in its present 
form, and has since evolved to its 
present international stature. 

One of the reasons for the 
Festival's popularity is that it 
doesn't just leave Shakespeare to 
the professors . He has a lot to 
offer to the modern audience, and 
the Globe allows him to speak to 
us . While they are true to the 

• ' 
,(at,: 
I :' '.,;If! ,- , 
. -t' :- . 

\ , 

bard, they yet present original 
productions with insight, and 
sometimes genius. They are 
serious artists, the actors and 
directors; no Hollywood types, 
they create a dramatic 
development which is substantial 
as well as entertaining. 

Shakespearean comedies are 
always popular, and each season 
the Globe puts on at least one. 
The directors have traditionally 
had the gift of comedy, managing 
to breathe a very contemporary 
zest into Shakespeare's eternal 
plays. This summer the comedy 
is "Much Ado About Nothing," 
one of the most popular of them 
all. It is a play of love, 
melodramatic villains, and 
merry mix-ups. A work of comic 
genius, it has been delighting 
audiences for centuries. Of 
particular interest is a pan-
tomime given at the start of the 

play, which contains a strong 
. anti-war element. It has been 

very well-received by high school 
audiences which have previewed 
it. 

"Richard il," one of the most 
forceful of Shakespearean 
histories, is also billed for this 
summer. It is a timely choice, as 
it deals with some political 
questions which are important in 
our own age of progest and of law 
and order. The dramatist has 
some things to say which are still 
Significant, and I'm looking 
forward to seeing this group of 
fine professionals, headed by 
Richard Kneeland , present the 
insightful play. 

The Globe always has a fine 
group of serious actors. Aiding 
the professional troupers are a 
group of apprentices, working on 
scholarships. The Festival thus 
serves to develop younger actors, 
while maintaining the highest 
professional standards. Often at 
the Globe we see actors who, like 
Victor Buono, go on to national 
fame . 

The Globe makes it a point to 
include in its repertoir the lesser 
known of Shakespeares plays, 
having thus far done twenty eight 
of the thirty seven 
Shakespearean plays. In good I 
hands, even the worst of his plays 
(and he wrote some second rate 
ones ) can be great theater, as 
witnessed in last summer's 
marvelous production of " A 
Comedy of Errors." "Cym-
beline," while rarely performed, 
is hardly a second-rate play, and 
deserves to be more widely 
viewed. This romantic legend of 
ancient Briton will complete this 
summer's fare. 

A tradition as old as the Globe 
itself is the pre-show en-
tertainment on the green before 
the theater . And it '" AB-
SOLUTELY FREE! This I 
summer we will have madrigal 
singers. country dancers, and 

CINEMA 
Dave Sacherman 
Arts Writer 

The AS Friday night movies for this week are two films by Roger 
Corman, "Man with the X-ray Eyes" (1963 ) and the Edgar Allan Poe 
classic, "Pit and, the Pendulum" (1961) . The latter has been enlarged 
from the Poe short story and is a thoroughly creepy sequence of 
horrors complete with coffin lids creaking open, rats gibbering, 
women screaming, and ancient instruments of torture. The original 
plot has been dropped and this story concerns a young man (John 
Kerr ) who visits a weird castle in Spain to inquire into the untimely 
death of his sister. It features Vincent Price as a mentally unbalanced 
art historian who trys to mw-der Kerr with the pendul um . 

Sunday night's Muir cinema series is presenting a chilling fiim 
directed by and featuring Norman Mailer, " Beyond the Law." It 
focuses upon the problems and tactics of the big city policeman and 
explodes the Hollywood myth of the dedicated cop. We follow Lieute-
nant Pope (Mailer ) who is in charge of the vice squad, but the nature 
of his fellow officers at times makes it difficult to separate the 
morality of the interrogators from that of the interrogated. 

Pope searches the accused, seeking not only to gain confessions, but 
to find the answers to his personal question: why is he a cop? The film 
is a series of terrifying and funny confrontations with wife-murderers, 
gamblers, perverts, prostitutes , and pimps. It was the first to bypass 
altogether the formal morality of Hollywood crime and punishment 
and bring forth the incredible life bw-ied in all passing relations bet-
ween cops and criminals. "Beyond the Law" employs cinema verite 
and is both sympathetic and biting in its treatment of these officers. 

Queen Elizabeth and her court. If 
you can 't scrape together the 
price of a ticket, you will find that 
by itself to be a fun outing. I've 
often enjoyed stopping by for that 
even when I wasn't seeing the 
play that night. 

The Shakespeare Festival 
starts Tuesday and runs all 
summer. Don't miss it while 
you're still around town. 

Enriching and entertaining, it 's 
strictly big time. Overlooking one 
of the most beautiful sections of 
the park is the Cafe del Rey 
Moro, of delightful Moorish ar-
chitectw-e. It is just a two or 
three minute amble from the 
Globe, and makes a great spot for 
dinner or a pre-theater drink on a 
summer evening. Treat yow-self 
a little. Cw-tain time ! 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
On April 15th the decision was made 
to offer to the members of the ASSO 
elATED STUDENTS of San Diego 

a GROUP-DISCOUNTED AUTO-
MOBILE INSURANCE POLICY. 
College Student Insurance Service has worke 
with the' auto insurance industry for 5 years prov-
ing that the college student is NOT a bad risk. 

Associated Students only are offered substantial 
savings through this group-discounted policy. 

• 
:;, 

This policy is written through the newly formed 
Associated Student Underwriters and serviced 10- . 
cally under an exclusive agreement with College 
Student Insurance Service. 

For Further Information 
CALL 291-4335 

2223 El Cajon Blvd. San Diego, Calif. 
Be aware of what is available to you NOW as an Asso-
ciated Student. 

............................ __ -.r~ 

Following is • cepy of • wire sent to President Nilan, Senl1lr Allen Cranston, and SI ... tar Gear.e Murphy: 

Phi Delta Epsilon Medical Fraternity which teaches 
the value of humanity and the saving of lives deplores 
the senseless killing of young American students. 

Signed- Bernard Glass, M .D. 
President San Diego Graduate Club 
Phi Delta Epsilon, Medical Fraternity 

---------------------------Pald Poutical Announcement-------------------------.. 

Triton Times June 5, 1970 Pagel. 



This issue, he last of the quarter, attempts to 
~ive some sort of perspective to the year. It is not 
merely a news wrap-up; instead it tries to examine 
the mood of \:he campus, looking at what has 

. happened this year and anticipating what might 
'.' happen in the near future. 

Since many persons have made a great invest-
ment of time and energy working for the newspaper 
over the course of the year, I'd like to devote this 

. space to a brief analysis of where we stand as a 
newspaper. This is important, for it has become 
clear to me that not everyone understands the 

. concept of a campus newspaper, at least the con-
ceptions that we have developed. 

It goes without saying that our primary function 
is to present information-<ls much as possible and 
of as varied kinds as possible. But what might not 
be quite as obvious is that there are many different 
ways to present information besides the one we 
have chosen. 

The word "objectivity" has lost a lot of its 
meaning. The SAN DIEGO UNION claims to be 
objective. So, perhaps, do many of the free press 
papers. But no matter how much one thinks he is 
presenting " the facts" his choice of material and 
manners of presentation usually re veals his subjec-
tive bias. Our reporting often reveals this bias too. 
But being aware of our prejudices we still can and 
do try to be fair and present a balanced view. 

This is a lot easier to do if, as a newspaper, we are 
not bound to any particular interest group. We Triton Times sta" seen here occupy I", Chancellor McGill's office 

h .. . . h h iust moments before campus pOlice came to clear them out. From "serve" t e um verstty commumty In t e sense t at left to right, staff members are : (Bottom row) Rich Heimlich, Jeff 
we tailor our coverage to their interests, and we Fried, Bill Alaoglu ; (Second row) Susan Graves, Rob Cohen, 

(Third row) Chris 81bb. Judy Hltl, Owen Joyner. Chuck Graham, 
Carl Neiburger, Terry Barak, Jim Sills ; (top left on bookshelf) 
Kim Alexander. They intend to stay until their 1910·71 budget is 
approved . Power to the Press!! 
"~p~~nt " llieoommuni~inlliesen~lliatwe S~t~.v=·~.~La~n~d~a~u~,~H~a~w~o~~~G~a~m~m=M~R~o~e~r~S~h~~=~~~K~a~~~n~~I'~k~' ________________________ _ 

provide an outlet for the expression of ideas on our and the community-but we label them so that the 
editorial pages. Yet we still owe nothing to any reader will understand that he is reading subjective 
group in particular. material. 

It is our position of independence that is most But the most important means of insuring that a 
crucial to our effectiveness and credibility. Our campus newspaper is fUlfilling its function is for it 
news stories should treat all sides equally. to be open to any student with journalistic talents. 
Editorially we must be free to come down on the Many people view the TIMES as a static organiza-
administration, the faculty , student groups, and tion , dominated by a clique. It might interest them 
even the AS, despit.e the fact that they support us to know that of the nearly 40 persons currently 
financially. signed up for next year's staff, only one was on the 

A key to credibility is our concept of news-edi- newspaper as recently as a year ago today, and he 
torial separation. While the political affiliations of is the new Editor-in-Chief. With such a fluid situa-
the executive staff may change, the news policy tion policle5 constantly change. 
shouldn't. The political outlook of the paper is Looking ahead to next year the TIMES still has a 

that it's not enough for us to wait for the campus to 
come to us. It 's going to have to delve into areas we 
have thus far ignored. And it's going to have to 
begin to dig beneath the surface like never before. 

I hope the campus will realize how important a 
good campus newspaper can be to the university 
community. A quality publication would have the 
personnel and resources that would enable it to 
really have an insight into the intricacies of the 
campus. But this is only possible if this publication 
is given a firm commitment of support by its 
constituents. I hope you will help next year's staff in 
their continuing effort to build a strong and 
vigorous media at UCSD. 

'. 
.-

'. 

'. 

presented only in a very small part of the long way to go. It's going to have to actively seek to -' '::: 
paper-the editorial columns. We do try to include involve those groups on campus who up to now have ~ _ ~ 
ana!ysis and C?pinion articles-both from the staff _not played a role in the paper. We found this year ._M4M,.r .~:~ 

FRIDAY NIGHT 
. AT THE MOVIES 
J 

r- 'MAN WnH THE X-RAY EYES' l 
7HE PIT AND THE PENDULUM'; 

USB 2122 7:30 : 

COFFEE HUT 
ENTERTAINMENT 

FRID/W AND SATURDAY 9:00 P.M. 

VARIETY NIGHT 
COMING EVENTS 

'

I PREVIF.W OPEN HOUSE OF 
CENTRAL LIBRARY 

, ROLLER SKATING 1:30-5:30 MONDAY 
SOlMABEACH 

SAT. 9:30 P.M. 

WfTERMELON DROP FROM 
UREY 1:00, MONDfY JUNE 8 

( ONE TON OF FREE W/TERMELONS. 
~ IT THE COFFEE HUT [ 
~J) IMMEDIfTELY InDI~ 

FOLLOWING THE DR~ 

Page 1. Triton Times June & 

tods, 
The People's Court will convene today 
at noon on the Revelle Plaza to deal 
wi th crimes against the people . 

"How does the war In Asia affeet 
workers and students in the U.S.1" 
speakers and discussions sponsored 
by the Progressive Labor Party, Em · 
bassy Aud i tor ium. 839 South Grand 
Avenue. L .A . Assembly Hall . 8 p .m . 
For further in formal ion call 674·5371 
(daytime) and 756·4835 (evening) . In 
San Diego call 272·1776. 

Live Electronic Music Concert : UCSD 
Gym . Prepared by students of Semi · 
nar in Electronic Music Performance 
al UCSD. Program of student project · 
pieces and works by Dav id Behrman 
and John Cage . Free and open to the 
public . 8:30 p .m . 

sturds, 
May 6, 1910 : Gubernatorial candidate 
Jess Unruh addresses a crowd in 
Revelle Plaza at the same moment as 
Gov . Reagan asks that all state 
colleges and UC campuses be closed 
for four days to "cool" tensions. That 
night a bonfire at Muir Commons 
draws members of the entire 
uni versity community together to 
contemplate the extraordinary action . 

Get Back to the Garden : The Garden 
Project is having a plant ·in loday 
starting at 9 a.m . Take a couple of 
hours away from studying before,your 
bra in turns 10 cream cheese . We will 
be plan ling watermelons, cantaloupe, 
squash. corn, beans, etc ., .to be har · 
vested next fall . The garden Is located 
1/·2 mile north of the Central Library 
on the corner of Johns Hopkins and 
Genessee. 

nds, 
California Time Machine : Mixed 
Media Concert, DlIniel Lentz, dlrec · 
tor, Recllal HlIli . M)9 MC. 8:30 p .m . Co · 
sponsored by the DePllrtment of 
Mus ic and the Muir College Vending 
Mach ine Committee. UCSD. 

monda, 
At 1 p .m . the traditional watermelon 
splat w ill take place from Ihe seventh 
floor of Urey HlIli . A ton of water · 
'llelons w ill be on hand al the Coffee 

ut for everyone's eni?yment . 

'. .:.:-:-:-:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:":.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:":.:.:.:-:.: :.:,,:.:.:.:.:.:.~.~ 

From 1 p .m . to 5 p .m . the Central 
Library north of Matthews Campus 
will be open for inspection in an AS· 
sponsored "preview showing . " 
Refreshments will be on hand and 
Mrs . John S. Galbrallh will be present 
to greet guests . All stUdents, facully . 
and staff are urged to bring unwanted 
books to the Library, where they can 
place them on the shelves where they 
think they should go . Souvenir bro· 
chures will be handed out which 
descr ibe where the un iversity's books 
are gOing to be placed . 

thursday 
Sumnernoon Series : " NavajO 
Country," slides by Gordon Shilling . 
berg . S.1.0 . Sumner Aud ., high noon . 

lectures 
"Capsule History of the French 
Cinema Melies to Godard : " by David 
Clayton . Friday, June 5, USB 3050B 11 
a .m . 

Marine Biology Seminar : Sumner 
Aud ., S.1.0. Dr . R. Foreman, UCB, 
high noon. Friday, June 5. 

Sociology Colloquium: Dr . Berl 
Kutschinski. MC IliA. "Pornography, 
Sex, and Law In Denmark. " Friday, 
June 5; 4 p .m . 

" nee _ i. 
Siudents. faculty , and staff members 
Interested In using the Language 
Laboratory and Language Library 
facilities this summer (between the 
end of June and the firs t Of October) 
should fill oula questlon""lre in 134 H· 
L as soon as possible so that the most 
helpful and convenient schedule of 
hOurs of operation may be set up . Also 
note Ihllt during finals the facilities 
will only be open from 9 a .m . to 5 p.m . 

ATTENTION all trumpet, trombone 
and sax players : You are needed for a 
big band now being formed on cam · 
pus . Reh arsals are tentatively 
scheduled for Sunday afternoons 
starting nexl fall . Over 20 contempor . 
ary iazz and rock char Is are already 
in the book . Interested studenls, 
facully members and others please 
contact Stefan Olesten at .s3·6863 for 
further Information . 

Attention all Seniors : Send your S4 .SO 
dues to Cindy Nielsen (266 Blake. P .O. 
Box 4160) for the senior party and 
class gift . The party is planned for 
Saturday, June 13, in Matthews Cafe · 
lerla. with suitable refreshments and 
entertainment . The day activities are 
as follow : breakfasts in respective 
college commons (call your provost 
office if you're going) at 10:30 a.m.; 
robing in the gym at 12 :30 ; cere · 
monies until 3. Caps and gowns will be 
available at the bookstore to be picked 
up next week. 

All students, facully, and staff inter · 
esled in working this summer in 
organization and planning of the Peo-
ple to People Program. please call 
453·2000, ext. 1913, or drop by the 
People to People Office in MC 250. 

" If you are interested in housekeeping 
from June 15 to July 15. room and 

. board, please call 755-8959. Will dis· 
cuss salary and other details when you 
call ." 

Anyone who witnessed the events at 
the Cove and Shores Saturday, the 
30th. especially the manhandling by 
the lifeguards, please contact Vleta at 
453·5616 or Argo Hall 405. 

Lost : Crunchy Granola : Little Shaggy 
Tannish Dog with black tips nelr 6654 
La Jolla Blvd ., 10 p .m . May 21. If 
found call 755-2397. 

Wanted : Faculty children ages 7 thru 
9 to demonstrate In art workshop. 
8eglnnlng June 22 for two weeks. 1 : 30 
to 2:30. See Explorer page 20. x·3207l. 
Call Mrs . Cole 755·4435. 

Female grad wants others to share 
large Del Mar Ocean Front house, 
1970·71. Call 213 .. 47 .. 7 .... durin, wHk, 
714 .. 475·1"' weeklnds . 

Complete weddln,s, 20 color. x lOs In 
album $75. 214·.017. 

Servlce·On·Schedule; distinctive 
typln,; IBM Utc .. Helen, 459·1121. 

'63 LAM8RETTA 17SCc Ixcellen' 
mechnlcal condition. runs Ilk' new. 
S135. Call 755·Un evettln,s. 


