
IF IT'S NOT IN 
THE DAILY TRITON 
IT DIDN'T HAPPEN the daily triton 

• ••••••••••••••• 6~ ••• 6.6. 
• • 
• • 6 • 
• • 
• • ~ FINAL ~ 
• • 
• • 
• • 6 • 

Volume 11 , Numb. r1B Un iversi ty of Cal ifornia , San Diego 

Academic Senate Meeting 

Douglas Charges Manipulation 
In Chancellorship Campaign 

Carl Neiburger 
Assistant City Editor 

Sociology Profes or Jack Douglas. chairman 
of the now defun ct Committee to Save the 
University. declared that he had received 
rumors that the faculty resolution supporting 
the Chancellor Search Committee was being 
used by its instigators to show support for a 
certain candidate for chancellor . 

Douglas told ye terday' s mee ting of the 
Academic Senate that this movement was being 
accompanied by an organized telephon 
campaign within the local communi ty to ask the 
Regents to upport th is candidate. He cited one 
source of this information as LOS ANGELES 
TIM ES Educa tion Writer William Trombley. 

He charged, "Somebody i cynica lly trying to 
manipulate the fa culty." 

Psychology. who asked him whether he felt that 
those who voted again t the resolu tion were 
stupid . Af ter Bar nau decli ned thi ' 
interpreta tion. Dougla made hi statement. 
- Jackson, Miles Give Report 

In other business befor the enate . Chairman 
Gabriel J ack on of History and Dr. John Miles 
of AMES reported on the <meeting of the 
statewide Academic Council (the assembly of 
the Division and ommittee hairmen of the 
statewide Senate. together with the chief 
administrator of the niversity l. 

The ouncil meeting was the fir t one the 
pre s wa permitted to attend . and both Jack on 
and Miles commented on the pre s confere nce 
atmosphere that existed there. After debate. 
the council had voted to conti nue to keep it 
meetings open. 

According to Jack on. Pre ident Charles 
Hitch outl ined a number of issues. including use 
of the tuition fee . the Unviersity health 
expansion plan which wa pre ented to the 
Regents. and problem rela ting to tenure and 
undergradua te teaching. 

• • 
• • ~~60~~~~~606~~~~~~~ ~~: 

Wednesday, November25 , 197'0 

Dr. Joseph Stokes of the Medical School. who 
introduced the motion and was named by 
Douglas as involved in the campaign, told the 
TRITO TIMES that he and a number of 
friends had informed members of the Board oj 
Regents of their views favoring Vice-Chancellor 
Clifford Grobstein for chancellor. However, he 
stated, this was not related to the re olution, 
and there had been no organized effort or 
campaign within the community. He declined to 
name any others involved with him. 

Jackson reported Hitch as a king the Council 
to approve use of the recently adopted tuition 
fee for capital outla spending from 70 to $80 
million during the mid-sixties to $13 million this 
year. including $10 million from the educational 
fee . Th e Coun cil agr eed with th e 
recommendation. 

Wben you get to cro s giant eucalyptu groves along tbe way, going to and from cia e can be a joy. 
Tbe be t tbings in life are free . 

Douglas " Irresponsible" 
Calling Douglas' statement irresponsible, " I 

am really doing nothing more than taking Mr. 
Douglas' and Mr. Swartz's (Dr. Mark Swartz of 
Anthropology, also involved in CSU ) advice." 
He called the controversy "another example of 
the problems that CSU has caused ," and said 
CSU "has opened a pandora 's box." 

A Dr. Adams. according to Jackson. told the 
Academic Council that the health plan being 
proposed to the Regent was " utopian" but was 
being presented anyway becau e the committee 
studying it was pressed for time. The plan had 
been developed in response to a resolution by 
the State Legislature two years ago. 

Lawyers Discuss Rights, 
Rules on Police Search 

Revelle Provost Paul Saltman told the 
TRITON TIMES, ., After Professor Stokes 
introduced the resolution, he should not have 
been part of a cabala to endorse a candidate." 

Another proponent of the resolution, Dr. 
Herbert Stern of Biology, told the Senate that 
while he whole heartedly endorsed the 
resolution, he had nothing to do with the 
campaign Douglas had mentioned . although he 
knew it existed. He said . furthermore . that he 
was not sure that he endorsed its candidate. a 
remark which drew laughter. 

The matter came up after the results of the 
referendum (which passed 171 to 92 ) were read . 
Dr. Jeff Barnau of Literature opened discussion 
by stating that the " con" argument to the 
resolution was really an argument for 
abstentions. 

He was answered by Dr. Anthony Deutsch of 

Strong Statements Made 
Jackson stated that Hitch made a number of 

strong statements concerning tenure and 
undergraduate teaching, and Miles added that 
the statements were apparently worded for 
their effect on the press attending the meeting. 
The problem is. according to Jackson. centered 
around feeling by the Public and the State 
Legislature that professors are not devoting 
enough time to undergraduate teaching. Hitch. 
Miles said. noted reports that while professors 
are working more hour overall , the number of 
hours they devote to teaching undergraduates 
has decreased. 

Hitch. however. according to Jackson, 
t'mphasized that other solutions to the problem 
must be found in order to show the Legislature 
and the public the faculty 's good faith . 

Cliff Post 
Staff Writer 

Tbe rigbt of tbe people to be 
secure in tbeir persons, houses, 
papers, and effects against 
unreasonable searcb and 
seizures, ball not be violated, 
and no warrants shall issue, but 
upon probable cause, supported 
by oath or affirmation, and 
particular Iy describing the 
place to be searched and the 
persons and things to be 
seized.-Fourtb Amendment to 
tbe U.S. Constitution 

Police search and seizure in 
a legal framework was the 
topic di cussed by Allan 
Douglas and J im Pendleton. 
two local lawyers. here 

Higgs Fears Second Isla Vista in Del Mar 
Steve Landau University. 

Contributing Editor The tudent population in Del Mar is estimated to be in the 
Is Del Mar going to develop into Isla Vista South? Regent neighborhood of 450. This gives Del Mar .a tudent colon 

Dewitt Higgs is concerned that it might. and brought the second in size only to that in La Jolla , where the student are 
matter up at last week 's Regents meeting. probably more dispersed. 

The Regents were consider ing a recently-relea ed report The major problems in Del Mar. a far a tudents are 
regarding Isla Vista . and were discussing the larger question of concerned , have been housing and police. In this sense Del Mar 
communities that become centers of off-campus student is no different from most student colonies. although the 
housing. They adopted a statement which call s for faculty and problems have not reached critical proportions by any means. 
administration leaders to exert a greater influence in The rental market in Del Mar ha b en large, due mainly to 
community planning and development. . . the summer racing crowd. ewapartm nt buildings are bing 

" I sure don 't want to see another Isla Vista de.veloplng ?ut built, but many are out of the tud nt . pric range. orne 
there." said Higgs. ' 'I'm concerned about what IS happ mng houses are bing taken off the renta l market a niversity 
out there." faculty and staff. and employee of Gulf G nera l Atomi . buy 

Rea~tion fro~ D. I Mar'S ma yor. Tom Pear on .. ~a wift permanent residences. The market fo r Low-in om renta l is 
and bl.tter .. " Hlgg comment~ were unca lled . for,. he aid . b coming tighter every yea r and man tud nt are beginning 
" I don tthlnk he know anything about th ItuatlOn h r~ . to complain about high rent . 
Pea rson sa id that the city council is very mu h concern d With Police Harra ment iled 
integrating the students into the community. " The ingredient The police b ca m an is u last ar. tud nt compla ined of 
of Isla Vi ta ju t don't exist here .... . . numerou and lengthy fi Id in t rroga tions and oth r incid nts 

P ar on al 'o had sharp words lor form r hancellor Wilham of alleg d harra menl. A ommuni ty Relations 'ommi tt 
McGill . who made a tatement la '1 yea r in whi h he referred began serving a a sounding board for th e complai nt la t 
to " the D I Mar crowd." " H implied that thi s was som . s~rt pring. and has b n in contact with th h riff' D partment. 
of radica l group bas din el Mar. and I don't any baSI tor Del Mar is policed b orth oUllty h riffs. who work ou t of 
it. " ta t d P ar on. En initas. Th genera l feeling thi s year i that pohc a tivlty 

York ees Room for Improvement ha d clin d. 
Acting hanc 1I0r York re pond d to the R g nt . re olution Th major adva ntage that Del Mar ha ov r Isla Vi ta I that 

by ying that th r lallon hip D now ha. with mmuni t~ it i an in orporat d city with it own lOa or nd city counCil 
lead r i a fa ir on . but could b better . " I th R g nts L t ar a stud nt group. th Del Mar 'soclation. play d a 
h ighten dint r t a good and I hop w can r p nd by larg rol in th el tion for two city council m mb rs Jim 
g tling mor d ply involved in affair ' right around th Mag ill. h d ot th sodation. cr dits the , ludrnts' : upport 
campu '" Y rk i ' int re ted in D I Mar . but p rhap ven with havi ng I 'ted 'SD musIc prot . sor John Silb I' and 
mor in oth I' area which ar on to b d ve loped around the with hav ing h Ip din umb nl Jan II intznw n 

Monday night. 
Detention. search. and arrest 

compri e the progre sive 
degrees of search and eizure. 

iolation of per onal rights in 
'this re pect can only be 
exercised when the following 
condition are fufilled . One. the 
officer must su pect. on a 
ra tional ba i . an unusual or 
suspicious activi ty. Two. the 
activity must be related to the 
crime. jthree. the activity 
must be related to the person 
under suspicion. 

Cond itions existi ng for 
search and arrest are in 
varying stages of definition. An 
officer can search an individual 
when the officer can prove that 
there was reasonable evidence 
to b lieve tha t hi:; life wa 
endangered. An officer must 
have probable cau e to believe 
that the ind ividual i guilty of a 
crime in order to arrest hjm. 

The exclusionary principle 
provides the " teeth" to the 
Fourth Amendment. Wh n 
ev idence i proven to be 
il legall y ob tained . th e 
exclu ionary principle take 
effect. and any " Fruit of the 
Poi onou Tree." a illega lly 
obtained evidence is call d. i 
disavowed . This i de ign d to 
improve the inve Ligation 
pro dure of the police. 

Both laywers empha iz d 
that th exclusionaryprincipl 
is an in ffective deterrant 
Douglas ·tated that the officer 
who u ed ill gaily obtained 
vid nee did so for two 

r ason : fir t. to capture the 
fruit of the crime contraband 
and e ·ondly. to estabh h an 
arr t record which cannot b 
ra . d 

Fourth Am ndmenl Two-
prong d 

Th 'ourth amendm nl i. 
two-prong d I ot only d It 
gua rentee du proc SS. but 
proVide lor law nlore m nt 
a . w ' ll Th ' F o u r th 
am ' ndmcnt ttl;': that an 
01 fie r mu ·t hav 'a warr nt tor 

ailY type of earch. One of the 
least-under tood of the e 
exceptions i the issue of 
consent. An individual may 
consent to be earcheu . 
Consent must be obtained 
without any type of coersion. 
however. Pendleton sta ted that 
if police officer asks for 
con ent. regardless of the 
terminology used . he has. in 
most ca es, violated the law. 

Border check are another 
important ituation. A federal 
officer may. by law. search a 
per on ' s property and order 
him to empty hi pocket . A 
border officer must ha ve 
probable cause in order to 
conduct a trip or body cavity 
earch. Other exceptions to the 

Fourth Amendment include 
fre h pur uit for an e caping 
felon , plain view contraband . 
and au tomobile violation 
constitute other exception to 
the Fourth Amendment. 
Offi cer Mu t Follow 

Procedure 
n offi cer pre nllng a 

warrant for arch or arre l. 
mu t do 0 by in tituting the 
following pro edur : On . he 
mu t knock: 2. he mu t identify 
him elf: 3. h mu t state hi 
purpo e. Every police officer i 
requir d by law to follow thi 
procedure. 

Any evidence produced by 
per on not connected with th 
gov rnm nt I admi bl For 
examJ: I a nur e flndin 
narcoti c on a patl nt. can turn 
th eVIl! nce over to the pohc 
and It n ay b u ed in court 

Dougl and P ndleton ar 
memb r of the law fi rm 01 
Uougl Pendl eton and 
ppl baum Whi le th ~ Will 

a c pt ny kind of ca. . 
cent of th ir ca:e,' 
Criminal 

Dougl.:.!" was a derk lor tw 
vear. lor an appelatc ('ourt 
jud Both h and P ndl ' ton 
,"ork d lor [ I nd 'is 01 San 
01 go In 'orplllatcd t ~\ !l ye r 
b lore starting th(' lr II rm 



I 
Munsinger 'nterviewed 

, 

Third College, Med School 
Seen As Racist . 

, 

Jim Si//5 
Stoff Writer 

"Rather than look at individual abilities . . nanyorganizations 
are looking at group characteristics : in my view this is racism. 
.. Third College's and the Medical School's quota enrollment 
system are examples." This i the controversial opinion of 
embattled Psychology Professor Harry Munsinger. 

Munsinger's in truction relating to the Jensen theory has 
drawn heavy criticism a "racist" from many segments of the 
academic community. Hi Psychology to course has been 
leafleted and picketed by S.O.S. 

The controvers ial theory. originated by Dr. Arthur Jensen of 
UC Berkley. contends that genetic. rather than environmental , 
differences may explain the observed lower IQ test scores of 
'egroes. 
With some perspective on the controversy and his cri tic. Dr. 

Mun inger recentlv spoke with the Triton Times. 
'IT : It has been charged that Jensen 'assumed' that lower 
socio-economic cIa ses were genetically infe rior to the higher 
ones. H~ IS alleged to have 'dug up ' sta tistics to prove his 
assumptIOns. Is Jensen a good scientist? Or does he (or you) 
have a political ax to grind? 
Munsinger : Yes, Jensen is a good scientist. This is recognized 
by all though tful people in the field . His report was reasonable 
and well·documentd. It certainly was not a political document. 
The Harvard Educational Review. probably the most 
prestigious in the field of education, invited him to spend 120 
pages publi shing his report. This is a most unusual honor. 
Dissenting opinions were also solicited fo r subsequent issues. 
17: It is also charged that the IQ tests used merely reflect the 
individual's ability to succeed in society; In other words. they 
are 'culturally biased '. What about that? 
Munsiager: IQ tests are set up to measure a child 's 
development as he ages. The system is built on the idea of a 
growing mind. Success prediction is a happy accident. As to the 
second point: Many people have put much effort into culture· 
fre~ tests without changing the socio-economic pattern of 
res.ults. In any case. not all effects of such tests are negative. 
whIch they would be if the tests were 'culturally biased '. For 
example. Chinese consistently score higher than Caucasians. 
17: Jensen has also been criticized for abruptly·jumping from 
genetically related differences within groups, to using the 
same exptanation for inter-group differences. Is that true? 
Munsinger: These two questions are always trea ted separately 
my lectures and writings ; though the two are related. There is 
strong evidence that intelligence is genetically determined 
w,ithin groups: this leads toward some hypotheSis of group 
dIfferences. FIlial regression. differential mental 
retardations. and the lack of success in the Head Start program 
are examples of the apparently limited effect of environment. 
'IT: It is also argued that it is impossible to compare Black and 
white children in the same socia-economic class due to 
differences in early heal th care and nutrition. Is this valid ? 
Munsinger: Would filial regression from middle·class Blacks 
to lower-class whites be explained from environmental 
differences? We are talking about enormous differences in test 
results. This argument IS not the point : the theory does not 
depend on comparisons of equal socio-economic groups. The 

COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANK 
327 F st, 

PAYS DONORS ' 
for 5eI'Yice 
Tue. thru Fri. 

9:30 - 7:30 
Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 

Closed Sun. & Mon. 
233 - 8328 

Page 2 Triton Times 

CONTROVERSIAL 
BOOK STORE 

1296-15601 

November2S,191O 

point is : Why do middle·class Black children score-lower than 
lower·class white chi ldren? 
'IT : What have been your reactions to the S.O.S. and other 
protests against you? Whatdo you think moviva tes them ? 
Munsinger : There are several motives. The Blacks base their 
hostility primarily on what they perceive as an attack on them 
which they want to parry. This; of course. is not my intention. 
Rather] wish to reach the truth. to come to some intelligent 
conclusion, so that I may help . To put your head in the sand by 
insisting that everyone has equal abilities i si lly; it merely 
raises fa lse hopes. 

I don ' t know about S. O.S. They eem to want to disrupt 
anything. and this issue looked promising to them ; although it 
hasn't worked out that way. 
'IT: How would you differentiate racism and the Jensen 
theory? 
Munsinger: Three essential parts make up a definition of 
racism. (1) there are genetic control (2) that these vary 
among groups (3) that one group is inherently superior to 
another and has a right to dominate them. 

The third part is the objectionable one. I have never taught 
the third one-it is a value judgement. ] have taught the first 
two. I never use words like 'superior' or ' inferior' . I use the 
words 'brighter' or 'duller' which are factual statements. 
'IT: Thus controversy raises the old question of the ' the 
scientist going too damn far '-investigating matters that 
might resul t in a contradiction of the accepted social dogma. 
What are the limits of science? Are there some things better 
left unknown? 
Muasinger: The limits of science are the limits of the 
scientist's imagination. Vested interests always want some 
questions left unanswered. Science has conventions (in the 
sense of rules ) for deciding truth. As long as these are not 
violated, any question is legitimate. That doesn't mean that the 
citizen doesn't have the responsiblity to question knowledge 's 
use. 
'IT: Suppose subsequent research entirely vindicates Jensen's 
genetic theory. How do you think society might go about 
adjusting to this new knowledge? Wouldn 't blatant racism 
reappear; altho~gh repudiated by Jensen and yourself? 
Munsinger : It would change the tactics of compensatory 
education. It would also make the demands for equal results 
rather than equal opportunity sound pretty hollow. You know. 
some people think that 'democracy' means equal income. 
equal intelligence, equal automobiles, etc. My own view is that 
democracy means equality of opportunity; no artificial bars to 
ability. 

The primary thing to remember is to deal with individuals as 
individuals. The reason this problem (possible genetic 
intelligence differences between races ) is so important is 
because society decided that proportional representation in all 
fields is the goal. 
'IT: Could you give some examples of this kind of racism? 
Munsinger : Yes. Third College's and the Medical School's 
quo to enrollment systems are examples. The City College of 

ew York is another example. with its quota goa ls. 
The best way to stop racism. the only way I know to fight it. 

is to treat people on their individual merits. Stop looking at 
group characteristics. don 't se tup group quotas. 

Beer, Food, Wine 
"'ENTERTAINMENT '" 

Monday UCSD Night 
Beer 20' 

Fay & Silverado 
La Jolla 

~--~--------~ 
up to 30% off 

anniversory sale 
mod - fun dothes 

casual & dressy 
indian imports 

made in our own shop 
SIGI BOUTIQUE 

558 pearl, 10 jolla 
next to baskin-robbins 

apri 
PARK BLVD. AT UNIVERSITY AVE. • 298-0577 

College and Pro Athletics 

Payoffs and Makeshift 
Medicine Charged 

SYRACUSE (CPS)-Former Syracuse University star football 
player, Dave Meggyesy has taken the cover off college and 
professional athletics. 

Meggyesy, who played football at Syracuse for four years and 
moved up into pro-ball with the St. Louis Cardinals, could not 
handle his personal radicalization while in the big leagues. So he 
quit and wrote a book, Out of Tbelr League, soon to be published 
by Ramparts Press, which as well as indicting all pro and 
college sports , charges Syracuse University with paying off its 
athletes, doctoring their academic grades to an "academically" 
satisfactory level, and dispensing irresponsible medical 
treatment. His revelations are by no means unique to Syracuse; 
they reflect the dehwnanization and corruption rampant in and 
requisite for the continuation of the business of sports. 

Meggyesy came- to SyraCUse in 1959. He describes hls 
association with Ben Scwartzwalder, head football coach there, 
and SU from the time he was first flown into Syracuse for 
preliminary negotiations for his football scholarship. 

He recalls that after a dinner with the coach, Mark Weber, a 
teamJl)8te from high school, introduced him to "this good 
looking college chick." "We really hit it off, and before long we 
we had retired to the back seat of Mark's car in the parking lot. 
It was about 20 degrees and snowing like crazy. I neary froze my 
tail off. And I decided to go to Syracuse. 

Later Schwartzwalder heard Meggyesy was considering an 
offer froin LSU and pressured him, to the extent of not per· 
mitting a dinner to be served until Meggyesy said he would go to 
SU. In his freshman year he was switched from fullback to 
center on the first day of practice j he later learned "that 
Syracuse always recruited a surplus of fullbacks and made most 
of them into linemen." 

Boxing Matcbes 
Scrimmages became nightmares. Often they became 

slugging matches Meggyesy writes. Coaches would say, "Let 
them fight' a:nd prevent other players from breaking it up," 

Syracuse had a special "remedial program" for freshmen 
with academic deficiencies and the coaching staff encourages 
freshmen football players to enroll. Meggyesy recalls that 
Varsity-end coach Joe Szombatby, would take the cards of 
freshmen ballplayers and fill out the courses he wanted them to 
take. 

When Mebhyesy filled out his own card, Szombathy retorted, 
"What the hell do you think you're doing, Meggyesy?" 

In his first game Meggyesy had one of his front teeth knocked 
out. "I came off the field with my mouth full of blood," 
Meggyesy writes, "and when I pulled out my mouthpiece most 
of my tooth came with it, leaving the nerve hanging there ex, 
posed.I showed it to Dick Beyer, the assistant frosh coach, and 
he told me 'It's only your tooth. Put your mouthpiece back on. 
You're the only center we've got.'" 

Athletic Administratioa 
It was easy to see the administration's support of the athletic 

department in those days. Lester Dye, the admissions director, 
had served previously as a SU football coach and monitored the 
acceptance of good players. Eric Faigle, dean of liberal arts, 
was a strong advocate of football, and it was well known that one 
should not cause a player to be ruled ineligible for not attending 
classes. 

One time the athletic department hired a tutor for players, 
including Meggyesy, to help them with a course they had not 
attended, or done any work In. The tutor told the players to copy 
down everything he said and the ensuing exam would be no 
problem. It turned out that the tutor had given them answers to 
the questions on the test. 

Meggyesy's brother Dennis had flunked his freshman year 
and had to get six units of A's that swnmer in order to get back 
in school, save his athletic scholarship, and be athletically 
elegible. He got those A's by registering for summer sessions 
and working at home at a construction job all swnmer. 

Pay~ffTime 
Meggyesy got his first pay~ff during his sophomore year. He 

had played well against Holy Cross, and Rock Pirro, offensive 
line coach, came up to him after the game and took hold of hls 
hand and said "Nice game," and left him with $20, When 
Meggyesy looked startled, Szombathy added, "It's all right 
Dave, an alum asked me to give it to you." 

Meggyesy soon learned that regular starters were getting 
from $20 to $50 a game for their services. SU at that time was 
fighting for the national championship and money was readily 
available . 

Meggyesy was asked perhaps 20 times by Coach Szombathy if 
he wanted to be put on the regular under-the-table payroll. 
Finally, in his senior year, Meggyesy agreed, and from then on 
picked up $30 a week in a brown manila envelope from Sch· 
wartzwalder 's secretary. This was in addition to the $15 he got 
per month as permitted by the NCAA. 

I continued on page 51 

Clearance Sale at Our Cost! 
STEREO COMPONENTS 

Scott-Dynaco-Kenwood 
Receivers-A mps-Speakers-Tape Recorders 

10 iolla music 
1128 wall la jolla 

459·3375 

triton tillles 
Unlll.nlt., 01 Call ' ornl', San Ditto 

L. JoU,. Call torn" 92031 
.LETT.ERS TO THE EDITOR 

11 14. 453·2000, eat 1016. Achtf1IStn9 ,., 1011 
Hoywood Gammon, Editor 'l n.Chl,f Jeff Fried, BUSiness Manager Racism and 

Justice Revisited The Optfllltni upl. , .. d .., 1M .. pov.' Of. IhoM of Ih. a Wlhou who .. nom., OppMll in IN! bytlN' lind d. 1'01 Me.no"ly r.f~tI ,,,- ..... w. of Iht T.ITON " MIS AnyoM dowunt 10 $\I bm., molouol to k 
pubI.,twd on , ..... pog •• thould .. net I' 10 ,he Ed l "~"ol Dt,.t'~ , TIlTON TI MES I 1711a .... Holt. UCSD 

I found the editorial " Ra cism 
and Justice" somewhat of an 
ignorant article. The author 
sta tes facts and then he does 
not draw some obviou s 
conclusions. The author said 
that most judges "are very 
rarely opposed for re·elec tion 

Profs As Effete Snobs 
Steve Landau 

If you're like me you might have come to 
UCSD out of fear. Fear that somewhere else 
you'd be swallowed up by the monster : unlversi-
tae magalopolum. You and 499 others in General 
Schmaltz 2A-l/ 2 relating to your professor 
through a television monitor. 

You read that UCSD catalogue and found 
salvation. Right here in La Jolla-the jeweled 
city, gateway to the Pacific, and Baja California. 
Where Aristotle and Herbert Marcuse meet the 
surf! 

But then you arrived and discovered that 
man's last best hope was a myth. Your classes 
were held in cavernous amphltheatres just like 
anywhere else and your professor reminded you 
of deus ex machina from some Greek Tragedy. 

Somewhere along the line something went 
wrong and you began to wonder if it was you. 
Maybe you're just not cut out for Freud and 
pissing on fires. You begin to suspect that if you 
just made the effort you could get to know your 
professor. After all, that guy with the briefcase 
who carries around the complete annotated 
works of Bert Parks always goes over to his 
office and raps with him after class. 

More ImportaDt Tblngs 
But then you realize that maybe your prof's not 

meeting you half way. A convenient rationaliza-
tion for your complacency? Yes, but true for the 
most part. It's true because besides teaching 
your prof's got something going on the side. He's 
got to run over to his lab to make sure that his 
bubble bath solution with LSD in it hasn't over-
whelmed his fruit-flys yet. 

What it all comes down to is this : UC is top-
heavy. It runs on the axiom that if you provide 
for the upper echelons, something will ultimately 
filter down to the peons. At UCSD this phenome-
non is in its more advanced stages . This campus 
was a kind of instant-U. Top names in the fields 
were recruited, in the hope that a thriving eca-
strata would sprout around them. 

A typical faculty brochure might read like 
this : "Come to UCSD. Home of the world's best 
equipped astra-gastrics lab. Work with three 
Nobel prize winners and two runners-up for the 
Gafiltefish awards. Plenty grants from the 
Foundation for the Preservation of National Pre-
cociousness. And dinner at University House 
twice a quarter." 

No Hacks 
The reasoning behind this is sound to a point. 

The best university is the university with the best 
minds. To insure that you have the best minds, 
get the people most active in their fields . There's 
nothing worse than a hack·. (·hack: a person 
who has followed the Peter principle through to 
its ultimate conclusion, I.e ., risen above his level 
of incompetence.) 

So they have this doctrine, or should I say, 
commandment, called "publlsh-or-perish." It's 
a way of quantifying a man 's degree of activity 
in his field. 

Publish-or-perish. A good concept. It's com-
forting to know, as you sit in Freshman Chemis-
try, that your prof happens to be a guy whose last 

paper at the Nat'l, Association of Associated 
Associate Professors is the Bible as far as 
schizophrenia in left-beaked woodpeckers goes. 

To understand what is happening the reader 
must realize that the university has two dimen-
sions : producing more knowedge and dissemi-
nating this knowledge. Research and teaching, 
respectively. 

Lost Art 
Teaching is the neglected art in UC and other 

universities today. Teaching requires a knack 
that even the best don 't have. Mter all, it doesn 't 
take Linus Pauling to teach freshman chemistry. 

But having the knack is probably less im-
portant than having the will. What's really at 
fault is an attitude, an attitude perhaps 
ingrained in someone who's gone through the 
rigorous training necessary to be a prof. 

Dig what it takes to get a "Ph.D," the aca-
demic symbol of aristocracy. You've got to 
immerse yourself in your field . You've probably 
got to specialize to the point where it's small 
wonder you may become a crashing bore. As 
prof. X said to prof. Y recently: "sorry Y, can 't 
make it to the mah-jong game tonight- have to 
read the latest paper on the latent implications of 
safety razors in the Battle of Algiers." Don 't you 
sometimes wonder if your prof. is all there? 

Now this is not a put-down of the man 's 
academic brilliance. It is merely a recognition of 
it. It is undoubtedly also an over-simplification. 

Yes , the undergraduate is not on the same 
level as the professor. Very few will ever be, at 
least in that field. But whatever knowledge they 
will carry with them in life in that particular 
field will be gained from that man. 

More important than a man 's loyalty to his 
field is his loyalty to education . Teaching is the 
art of turning someone on to a subject he might 
otherwise find mundane and boring. It 's the art 
of showing enough enthusiasm to elicit a 
response from the student. 

Student Rating 
Those who can do this are rare. Sometimes 

they are refused faculty positions because they 
don't meet "publish-or-perish" or some other 
requirement. There have been several cases of 
this at UCSD. I'm not saying that such tests 
aren 't valid, only that they shOUld be but one 
criteriwn. Some attempts are being made to use 
student evaluations. I'd suggest that they not 
only be used, but they be given equal importance 
to tests of professional competence. 

Meanwhile the lowly undergraduate remains 
the poor stepchild at UC. I'm not one to feed 
Ronnie's fir~s, but Charlie Hitch's blasts at the 
faculty for the more-than-ever-reduced faculty 
teaching loads is at least partially justified. 

Sometimes I wonder if I should have gone to a 
state college if I really wanted to learn some-
thing. But then I realize that the university has 
the better facilities, the higher caliber people, 
and a generally more enriched environment. 

But at the University of California the effete 
snob is definitely alive and well. Usually you 
don 't have to go much further than your 9 o'clock 
class to find him, either 

triton till1.es 
Edi lor-in-Chi"f .. II .. , " oorl Ga mm on 
GtyEditor . . . .... : Mi ch II ci mli l·h 
"analling Editor ... . .. \1il" c hl a)"r 
Copy Editnr ....... Chlll·k Graham 

Bu sitlc ~,., Manager .... ... J >H Fri ed 
Editoria l Uirf'clor .. Hao ul Co ntreras 
Associate Cit y Editor .. . Owcn JO) ti N 

Carl , c i hu r ~er 
Arl~ Editor ....... . . Terr) l:Jaral" 

Ilort Etlitor ... . ... Rot·k, Iialfoll 
I'hutography Editor .... Jo l;n Zall cr 
tontrilwting Editor ... Stc, c Lanriau 

New. Department 
Rod lorang 
Juliana Cinque 
Ro,e DoCosto 
Da.id Kopolusznik 
Kathy Ru,t 
Carl Neiburger 
Robo" Miller 
Molly Sol.in 
Bruee Morden 
Miko Kantro 
Mike Roth 
Brenda Wilson 
Mih lyons 
Mike Tawney 
Jim Sill, 

Arll Oepartment 
Jay Gillelle 
Peter Gordon 
80bbie Fink 
tarry John,on 
Arti.I. 
So,ah McKenna 
Allan Sekula 
Georg. Sazani 

A.s t Managing Ed 

Advertising 
Oepartment 
Mark Trilling 
Susan Code, 
Molly 5el .. n 

Secreta rial Slaff 
Sto.o Cohen 
Marge VonVolken· 

burgh 

Joe Ea ,tern Copy Department 
Comy Sharick Sharon Weldy 

Debbie Montgomory 
Production Glono Schrooter 
Oave lIuchblnder Molly Montgomery 

Th. TIlTON TIMES i, officially recognited and supported 01 a student nowspaper by Ih~ CommunICatiOn! . lIo~rd 
of the Uni .... rsity of California . Son Diogo. l uilding 250. Mallhewi Compui. La Jolla. Cal,forn,a 92037. Pubhcotlon 
Is twice wHkly on T uosday. and Fridays OHic .. or. located in room 117. Blake Hall. on the Re •• lle Campu •. For 
AdVOrl i,i ng phon. ~33 2000. Xl 0 171 for .ditoriol or news phone X 1016. 

and a a consequence ot 
Kennedy's bid for ortice this 
race had "definite racial 
politica l overtones." To be 
sure. most judges are not 
opposed . but all Superior ourt 
judges are elected and thus . 
their decision in the court will 
dec ide if an opponent will enter 
the race. Only when a judge 
makes a decision which i 
flagrantl y opposed by many 
people will he face a serious 
challenger. Otherwise. the 
incumbant will be almost 
unanimously re·elected. 

It is obvious that Mr. 
Gitelson's decision caused a 
backlash with "definite racial 
political overtones ," but the 
job of all elected officials. 
judges included , is to be 
responsive to the majority of 
the people or pay the 
con equences. ot that I agree 
that judges should be elected . 
but until the law is changed one 
must play the game by the 
rules. I am sure Mr. Gitelson 
accepted the fact that he was 
undertaking a controvers ial 
issue when he made his 
infamous decision. His beliefs 
caused him to act in a 
prescribed manner and the 
voters had the option of 
agreeing or disagreeing. The 
election of William Kennedy 
showed the people's rejection 
of forced bus ing. 

Why should an opponent to 
forced bussing not run? Mr. 
Kennedy had an obligation to 
run for that whi ch he thought 
correct. And. as a result of the 
election. he seems the one 
whose ideas were most closely 
correlated with those of the 
electorate. 

Another paint brought out in 
the editorial was that 
Gitelson's ruling was 
legitimate and should have 
been respected . But many 
deci ion are legitimate and 
not respected . ix on' 
entrance into Cambodia. for 
example. was legitimate. Does 
i t follow . therefore tha tit 
hould have been respected? 

Certainly one cannot argue 
that it wa re pected . and in 
fact. there is often a difference 
between that which is 
legitimate and that which is 
respected .' Both Mr. Gitelson 
and Mr. Nixon had the 
legitimate authority to do what 
each did. but does this mean 
that their actions had to be 
respected ? 

Elected officia ls must be 
responsive to THE PEOPLE. 
Since Mr. Gitelson 's view was 
not the popular one. he had to 
conced defeat. The election 
did have racial overtones but. 
since it was' an election THE 
PEOPLE triumphed. A small 
clique did not elect Mr. 
Kennedy. He was elected by all 
the interested volers. 

Th conclu ion that the orth 
is racist because it de-frocked 
a person who lavored forced 
bussing is. lo say the least. a 
misnomer. There are many 
in tegrationi t (black and 
white) who opposed force 
bussing for a variety of 
rea ons I believe it is 
irresponsible to draw such a 
can lusion on the grounds that 
one election concerned with 
such controv rial matter i by 
no mean a basis from which 
one can draw conclu ions about 
racism in th orth. Many 
instan on rn d with a 
logical olution to th problem 
hould b taken into a count 

before anyone has the right to 
say that a group is racist. 

Mike heerin 

Communists and 
The Third World 
EdiLOr : 

To dwell on the explicit 
racism inherent in each article 
of the mo t recent issue of 
THIRD WORLD is 
unnecessa ry; one hardly needs 
to point out that the philowphic 
cornerstone of that publication 
is the old (ho .hum) . hate·the-
whiteman mania . The mo t 
interesting fact stemming from 
this paper is that the staff must 
surely be quite immature 
ideologically. Let me explain 
my point. 

The f(lldout for the issue was 
a picture of Angela Davis. 
complete with official quote 
and slogans. Gus Hall . head of 
the Communist Party U.S.A" 
recently announced that the 
Party was spearheading the 
defense of Davis ; thi we all 
know. Davis' iawyer is John 
Abl. a man unfamilar to most 
students. Abt was one of the 
men identified as a Soviet 
agent in the famous Hiss trial 
of 1948. So what do we have 
here? We have Angela Davis 
defended by a Soviet·style 
Communist with tab picked up 
by the CPUSA. a group 

direc ted from Moscow. In 
other word . Angela Davis is 
connected with Soviet type of 
Communism .. 

El sewhere In THIRD 
WORLD appears an article 
praising Mao-TZE·tung . hardly 
a Soviet·style Communist As a 
maller of facl. Mao would 
probably become a capitalist 
before he made up With 
Moscow. 

;-';ow here IS the problem: the 
THIRD WORLD staff likes 
both the Mo cow and the 
Peking versio n of 
Communism. We know that 
this is just not reasonable ; no 
true revolutionary would Side 
with both the " true followers of 
Lenin" and the revi loni t ! 

So what will happen ? Well. 
ei ther we will soon be 
witnessing a Sino-Soviet split in 
the staff of the THIRD 
WORLD. or the entire staff will 
outright reject either the 

~o cow or Peking version of 
Communism. 

Staff members! Please get 
this ideological nonsense 
corrected so we can resume 
being the campus' formost 
raci sts! 

Barbara imp on 

The Lasl Thanksgiving 
William Fowler 

The tired. ancient Indian leaned back in the decrepit. 
unvarnished chair as the dim light of the last remaining coals 
cast a forlorn shadow o[f hi s emotionles face onto the bare 
walls of the dilapidated shack. He searched the gentle drift 
outside for a thought to ease his suffering. his loneliness. 

On the plate before him was the small cube of boneless. 
pressed turkey supplied by the Bureau of Indian Affairs. 

The frenzied swirl of flakes slowly faded to a cloud of du t. 
The ilence was broken by the deafening roar of a thousand 
steeds : armed warriors-a proud nation defending a land only 

. they had known. 
The ancient Indian ' mind flashed again to what he had seen 

from his hut earlier that morning : a small group of boys. 
lightly guarded again t the storm by clothe given by the more 
humanitarian sector of a di tant community. talking of their 
as ignment in Land of Freedom, and joking of their white 
teacher who on the preceding day had given them their lesson. 
unsuspecting of hi s unzipped fl y: currying through the cold 
toward their commemorative meal. 

His eyes closed for a [inal nap ; he would no longer live with 
hi s humility. Tomorrow his hut would . perhaps. be used for a 
better purpose than to erve a a ruined hrine for a decaying 
remnant of a 10 t civilization. too old to live in the pre ent. 

As his stiffened hand lid off the splintered arm of the chair. 
a fl y landed on the unfinished portion of his meal. The ancient 
Indian had nea rly survived his la t Thank giving. 

\ 
\ 
~f,.~S l'n :fA, '. SUP IZEME Coul2T ~EfVSE$ 10 
F\)t..~ ON iH~ ~L.11Y of it\~ \'\~ ~,.,I<\ ~f.,R , 

Triton Time, November25, 1910 Page 3 



Book Review 

York on the Arms Race 
Jay Gillette 
Arts Writer 

Race to Oblivion, by Herbert York 
Simon & chuster, $6.95. 

Despite a lack of popular enthu iasm or 
interest. the strategic arm race goe on and on. 
and is in fact. involved in another of its periodic 
escalations. Attempts at controlling the spread 
and development of "doomsday"' arms have 
thus far been unsuccessful. Part of the problem 
is that statesmen and the public are convinced 
by defense "experts" that the merits of 
expen ive and dangerous arms program 
outweigh their expense and danger. But one 
does not need to be an expert to recognize 
absurdity when one sees it. and this is perhaps 
the most important lesson of Herbert York' s 
recently published book. Race to Oblivion. 

York. UCSD's acting Chancellor. is a 
physicist who has been deeply involved in U.S. 
Defense work since World War II , and served a 
the fir t Director of Defense Re earch and 
Engineering under Eisenhower and Kennedy. 
Thus he has subtitled his volume as " A 
Participant's View of the Arms Race. " and is 
an unqualified expert- as such experts are 
defined. But he is adamant in his contention that 
for non-technical questions like , "Should we 
deploy an ABM system?" , any layman is just as 
qualified . or more qualified to discuss it as an 
expert. 

Defense Department Folly 
Another point that is relatively surprising is 

that despite the billions that both the U.S. and 
Russia have spent on anti-aircraft defense. 
neither country could stop a serious nuclear 
attack delivered by aircraft , let alone missles. 
The reasoning behind this kind of statement is 
that in conventional warfare. such as Vietnam 
or World War II . the defender needs to destroy 
only 10 percent of the enemy planes to 
effectively foil the attack. But becau e of the 
greater destructivity per airplane of nuclear 
arms. the attacker need only get through with 10 
percent of his force to succeed in destroying the 
targets. 

York says : " Much of the confusion and 
dispute that have arisen over this matter of the 
role of the expert. derives from a failure to 
recognize the very fundamental difference 

Have 
A 

Happy 
Thanksgiving 

between the kind of experti e and knowledge 
needed to design a weapons sy tern . and the 
entirely different kind of knowledge and wisdom 
needed to judge one." 

And finally , York theorizes that the nuclear 
arms race and it attendant cold-war 
psychology nave spawned what he calls "two 
absurd situation ." He states : 

"The first of the e absurdities has been with 
u for some time. and has come to be widely 
recognized for what it is. It lies in the fact that 
ever sincc World War II the military power of 
the nited tate has been steadily increasing. 
while at the arne time. our national ecurity 
has been rapidly and inexorably decreasing. 
The same thing is happening to the Soviet 
Union. 

"The second of these absurdities is still in an 
early tage. and for reasons of ecrecy, is not 
yet so widely recognized as the first. It lies in 
the fact that in the nited States the power to 
decide whether or not doomsday has arrived is 
in the proces of pa sing from statesmen and 
politicians. to lower-level officers and 
technicians. and . eventually. to machines. 
Presumabl y. the arne thing is happening in the 
Soviet Union." 

Two Absurdities Spawned by 'Race' 
York suggests that as many as 60 percent of 

our bombers could get through a strenuous 
Soviet defense. and presumably an equivalent 
amount of their planes could penetrate our 
defenses. Thus. to stand behind the DEW 
<Distant Early Warning ) line, and other 
defenses against nuclear attack as a deterrent. 
is another Defense Department folly. 

Catastrophe in Prospect 

Thus. any Sergeant Bilko will soon be in a 
position to unlease Armageddon on the two most 
powerful and insecure nations on earth . The 
pro pect for this catastrophy is increasing with 
each new arms development. as each nation 
seeks to circumvent the other's sophisticated 
defen e systems. The United States. having 
greater resource than the USSR. has 
consistently led the e dangerous escalations. 
and according to York. it is our responsibility to 
reverse the trend. 

He conclude : " If we are to avoid oblivion. if 
we are to reject the ultimate absurdity. then all 
of us. not ju t the current " in" group of experts 
and Ie hnician , must involve ourselves in 
crea ting the policies and making the decisions 
necessary to do so." 

Page 4 Triton Time. November25, I970 

Thanksgiving Dinner: Fixing Your Bird 
Dove Buchbinder 

Arts Writer 

Fixing Your Bird 
This Thanksgiving, instead of 

offering your guests the same 
old tripe. why don' t you cook 
them up something new and 
innovative? Here are a few 
hastily picked suggestions for 
an enticingly crude 
international Thanksgiving. 

Suthun Frahd Tuhkey 
Dinnah:Contributing Chefess. 
Blanche Mad -as-a n-Ox 
suggests the tantalizing Suthun 
Frahd Pig's Feet hor d'oevre 
(hooved variety) as an 
appetizer. Wrap your " PF" in 
fermented watermelon rind 
and then fry to the consistency 
of what Blanche calls " crispy 
crittas". 

The main dish of Suthun 
Frahd Tuhkey stuffed with the 
delightful Su thun Frahd Stuffin 
i a must for any Thank giving 
table . To cook up your very 
own SFT, first stuff your bird 
with Hominy Grits. freshly 
rotted Turnip Greens and 
paprika flavored Hog Jowls. 
Then dip your Pilgrim's pride 
into a bowl of tangy cornpone 
batter. ow you are ready. 
Take one Mi sionary vat, fill it 
with 10 gallon of bacon fat. 
heat the fat to its boiling point 
and then gently lower the 
carcas into the now bubbling 
vat. Fry for four hours. or until 
you can stick a toothpick into 
your turkey and have it break 
off. Now you are ready to slice 
and serve this mouth watering . 
finger lickin ' treat. 

Serve your Gobbler with 
some authentic Suthun Frahd 
Yams. Blackeyed Pea. and 
Honey biscuits. all using the 
previously described toothpick 
method . For an arOUSing 
beverage. according to 'yoah 
place '. Blanche suggests either 
fresh mint julep, or the 
equally refreshing Mis issippi 
ice water. 

To top it off. while your ' 
guests are still smacking their 
lips and complimenting you on 
your choice menu. surprise 
them with a specially prepared 
(use a Graham Cracker Crust ) 
Frahd Watermelon Pie. To toss 
up your pie. use a pumpkin pie 
recipe . but s uh stitute 
watermelon for pumpkin. 

After this mouth watering 
meal , we're sure that your 
guests will never forget you. 
We strongly recommend this 
choice for a new taste in 
Americana , and as Blanche 
remarks, "Mah Suthun Frahd 
Dinnah contains anoff 
Cholestahrol ta ' choke Q 
Ellyfant! .. 

Tijuana Turkey 
Gobbler Mexicana: Sa ra 

Piquitama. our spec ial 
Mexican expert ha s conjured 
up the Aztec spirits tor her 
suggestions. For a start, she 
suggests a ta ngy appetizer of 
refried bea ns ma ri na ted 
ove rnight in some tantaliz ing 
chile sa uce. Serve :-,our t njoles 
with a topping of powdered 

sugar , Sara reports that the 
pre-meal snack really gets 
things moving. 

ara' tremendously 
innovative entree consists of 
what taste experts ha ve 
referred Lo as 'Turkey Burrito. 
To create your own Turkey 
Burrito. first take your Gobbl -
Gobble and fill it with it 
weight in refried bean ' mixed 
with chile sauce . Baste yo ur 
bird in some tequila-flavored 
hot sauce (just the tequila will 
do l. and then bake the Turkey 
over an open pit fire for five 
hours. or until so much grea 
is dripping onto the fire that it 
burns without wood . When your 
bird is cooked. wrap in a 48 ineh 
diameter flour tortilla . and 
then repeat the baking proces 
once again. until the tortilla 
and the Turkey become one 
unidentifiable ma s. Serve 
your Turkey Burrito with some 

marinate them overnight in one 
gallon of olive oil. W hen you 
are ready to serve, flavQr to 
taste with garlic and oregano. 

For a main dish that can't be 
beat. we off~r you none other 
than Mama Sofia 's world 
renowned Turkey Parmesan. 
Stuff your Turkeybird with 
three poul)ds (at least ) of 
Mama Sofia's old faShioned 
Garlic-bread and rigatonni 
stuffing. To do this. take your 
bread and rigatonni and toss 
them up as you would a sa lad, 
then stuff your turkey as you 
would yourself. Flavor with 
oregano. Now baste your 
Turkey overnight in a va t of 
tomato sauce. When you get up 
the next morning. place your 
turkey in the oven. As soon as 
the remains of the feather 
begill to sizzle, take an 80 inch 
diameter slice of Mozarella 
Cheese (four pounds of bean 

Cook your turkey any way you'd like. International cuisine 
hints in our chefs article. Watch out turkeys! 

s peckled maiz e and 
macroscopica lIy chopped 
lettuce. This entree, with its 
complementary side dishes, is 
certain to become one of your 
fonder Thanksgiving 
memories. 

For an impeccable dessert. 
Sara recommends some of her 
frozen homemade Tamale Pie 
(available at most specialty 
shop ). Serve with Tequila and 
limes. As the spicy nuances of 
the delectable delicacies from 
South of the Border reach your 
guests taslebud . we are 
ce rtain that the y will 
unanimously agree. 
"Montezuma got his'" 

Tiber Turkey 
Turkey Italiano : Pa sta 

expert. Mama Sofia . suggests 
an Apeninian motif. lI er 
arousing app tizer consists of a 
choice Antipasto of Anchovies, 
leltuc . tomat s and three 
pounds of foot long spaghetti. 
Take these ingredients and 

sprouts if you're on Weight 
Watchers ) and cover your bird 
with it. Remove the whole 
concoction from the oven only 
when your cheese (or bean 
sprouts) begin to bubble 
vigorously. Flavor to taste with 
garlic and oregano . Serve while 
hot. This retains the many 
burning sensations that the 
spices are sure to gra nt your 
lucky guests, who are sure to 
excitedly exclaim. " Man, that 
was one spicy Turkey! " 

Mama Sofia recommends as 
a dessert. oregano fla vored 
pumoni wi th either sugar or 

vanilla wafers. Serve with 'La 
Motaigne Rouge' wine. 

So ends our sugg slions for a 
trul y In ternational 
Thanksgiving. but before we 
leave. let us leave you with this 
one thought. Just think . that if 
the Pilgrims had shot a cat 
in tead of a turk y. what we'd 
b eating when w sat down for 
Thanksgiving dinner ! 

r POSSIBILITIES 
Ten Years After 
Concert-Sunday Night 

Woodstock stars, TEN 
YEARS AFTER, hailing from 
Northern Wales with the har-
dest driving sounds in rock 
today will appear in casual 
concert, Sunday, November 29, 
at the San Diego Sports Arena 
at 5 p.m. with special guest, 
PAUL BUTIERFIELD BLUES 
BAND and MYLON. 

TEN YEARS AFTER, con-
sisting of four hard working 
guys including Alvin Lee, lead 
vocal; Ric Lee, drwns; Leo 
Lyons, bass ; and Chick 
Churchill, organ, have five big 
albums to their credit : "Ten 
Years After," "Undead," 
" Sssh .. . ," "Cricklewood 
Green," and "Stonehenge." 

A new breed of blues bands 
has begun across the country 
since the BUTTERFIELD 
BLUES BAND crossed the Chi-
cago city line to bring its music 
to the rest of America ; and Paul 
Butterfield has become the pio-
neer of Chicago blues in Ameri-
can pop music. The critics call 
it "sound and soul ... where 
folk, blues, rock and jazz 
unite. " 

BUTTERFIELD still plays 
blues; a style now being copied 
throughout America. 

Tickets are $4.75 in advance 
and $5. at the door and are 

available at Bill Gamble 's Mens 
Stores, Sneaker Inns, all 
Central Ticket Agencies and the 
Sports Arena Box Office (224-
4176 ). 

Original Graphics at 
The Fine Arts Gallery 

Original graphics by classic 
contemporary artists will be 

• presented by Ferdinand Roten 
Galleries of Baltimore. 
Maryland at the Fine Art 
Gallery of San Diego. Balboa 
Park . on ovember 28. from 
10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. and on 

ovember 29. from 12 :30 to 
5:00p.m. 

These works will b available 
to the p~b)ic at prices ranging 
Irom $5.00 to 1.000.00 with 
mo t priced under $100.00 

Artists represented include: 
Chagall. Goya . Miro. Picasso. 
Renoir and Rouault. Western 
and Oriental manuscript pages 
from works dating frol11 the 
13th Century to the pre ent will 
also be available. 

Ferdinand Roten Galleries 
specializes in arra nging 
exhibitions and sales of original 
graphic ar t at colleges. 
univer ities and mu eums 
throughout the coun try. A 
representative will be present 
to a i t the publi c in 
answering any questions 
r egardin g pr i nt and 
printmaking. 

The first Paul Butterfield 
group formed at the University 
of Chicago and after an Electra 
Records contract, six albums 
and several personnel changes, 
to include a horn section, PAUL 

4-
I ,a.,.. London . ..... 'fork. lO$ ~ PNmw TIIIne~. 11Ie .. ..... _ , N. Y. 

alll'l'dott of London "-'Is 
c-.. ........ PublIC RIIIIbon$. 200 W. Sllh St., N. V. C. 100 19 

"Fourth Basic Postulate" of SdenCIBlI 
The same Technical Alliance Group (incorporated as 

Technocracy Incorporated in 1933, a non-profit, non-politi-
cal New York Corporation)- made several other major 
Economic Predictions, including the establishment of the 
FDIC (Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation), several 
years ahead of their actual happening. 

Each and every one of these Predictions has occurred 
"on schedule". This rather uncanny and amazing record 
for accuracy did not "just happen"_ 

It was made possible by the discovery, by the Technical 
Alliance Scientists of a FOURTH BASIC POSTULATE OF 
SCIENCE (you learned the THREE generally known, in 
your Science Classes). This FOURTH BASIC POSTU-
LATE OF SCIENCE is : The phenomena Involved In the 
functional operations of a Social mecbanism, are 
metrical. 

In other words, the things necessary to run our Social 
Economy (all 12 billion horsepower of It)-CAN BE 
ACCURATELY MEASURED. Guesswork is DO longer 
necessary. 

Where does this leave today's Politicians? Right where 
we left the ox-eart and the horse-and-buggy. 100 Years 
ago! 

Did you ever try to ACCURATELY MEASURE a Politi-
cians promises? Or more important-his actions? Yet this 
is the LEADERSHIP we have AT THE CONTROLS of our 
12 Billion Horsepower Economy, travelling at super-sonic 
speed! 

Don't blame the Politicians. Remember, we put them 
there! And you and I have just been too damned lazy to 
put our think-tanks to work and "discover" that we have a 
whole herd of horse-and-buggy.(\rivers at the controls of a 
12,000,000,000 Horsepower Machine. 

Don't blame the Politicians for doing their best to 
destroy the machine, cranking up wars, destroying crops, 
curtailing production, increased crime, environmental 
pollution- they 're doing their best to return us to " the 
good old days"-of the ox-eart and the horse-and-buggy. 

Unfortunately, this cannot be done ! Of course, the Engi-
neers, Scientists and Technologists who built this 12 billion 
Horse-power Economy JUST HAPPEN TO BE ON 
BOARD, and quite capable of Navigating, Measuring 
(remember that 4th Basic Postulate of Science?) and 
Directing our Super-sonic Economy- but God forbid our 
ever putting the Horse-and-Buggy Politicians out to 
pasture and turning the Engineering Job over to the Engi-
neers! That would be UNPATRIOTIC- Intelligent-and 
Unthinkable I Next issue : Technocracy 's FINAL PRE-
DICTION! Operation Survival, P.O. Box '2()19, La Jolla, 
Ca Ii! 92037. 

mens hairstyling 

long hair our specialty 

a"aiat •• atl 
a¥li 11.1. 

7&5-3010 

SAT. 
MIDNIGHT 
JAZZ SINGER TRAILER (6) 
THE EXPERIMENTAL FILM (2RI 
By Anhur L'PS"" 

T.O.U.C.H.I.N G (12) COLOR 
By Paul $hartl! 

VINEYARO IV (J) COLOR 
By Rob." r UliM 

COS/ NUS ALPHA ( 10) OLOR 
8')1 Kl, I ~rt"1l 

1111 • ., ,Ia ZI 
310 fiftunth Itllit 

1I.1.1f 

GUN BODY (2) 
By She'by Kennedy 

cuP OF COFFEE ( 4) 
e~ WII II ,1m Mahin 

LAPIS (10) COLOA 
BV J.lmefJ Whuney 

AIRBORN (5) COLOR 
By Cl'lolrle\ Wynd". m 

SPACE PLACE (10) COLOR 
V h Irle S';h,erman 

FINE ARTS 
1818 GARNET STREET 274-4000 )111 __ " 

CPS Sports ••• 
(continued from page 2) 

.Junlde Trainers 
He says that when an injured player is sent to the team 

physician, the idea is more to get the athlete back in action than 
anything else. This Meggyesy sees as a "reversal of priorites" 
and this explains the use of bennies to increase 'stammina, and 
anabolic steriods to make you bigger and stronger. These, 
Meggyesy reports, are in such wide use in the NFL that he 
considers trainers do more dealing "than the average junkie." 

Meggyesy speaks as well of the whole athletic culture that 
existed at SUo Even as a freshman during orientation, "from the 
start, we didn 't feel any fellowship with the other freshmen ." 
After his freshman season he began to make friends wi th people 
in Liberal Arts. Schwartzwalder told him, "Dave, you have a 
great football career ahead of you. But if you hang around with 
those beatniks, you 're going to destroy yourself. It doesn 't look 
good for you to be hanging out with beatniks. " 

Meggyesy had met his future wife, Stacy Kennedy, during his 
freshman year here. She began living with him in the middle of 
his sophomore year. This was not viewed favorably by his 
coaches or fellow athletes. 

At Syracuse, the attitude was that it was masculine and right 
to get drunk, pick up some girl, sleep with her and even rough 
her up a little. Never should you begin to develop a genuine 
relationship with a woman. This was "immoral" and coaches 
and players thought Stacy was ' sinful". As a result one player 
told Stacy he would kill her if she didn't stop seeing Meggyesy. 
Another player asked him if he didn 't think it strange that a girl 
would let him live with her. 

Dehumanized 
Eight years later he quit the St. Louis Cardinals, rejecting the 

athletic culture as dehumanizing. 
Looking back on football in general, Mettyesy calls it "one of 

the most dehwnanizing experiences a man can face ." 
Meggyesy also points out the correlation between the 

dehumanizing aspects of football and life in general in the U.S. 
He writes, "Jim Ringo, a former Syracuse player and all-pro 
center for the Green Bay PackerS".one afternoon talked to me 
about his philosophy of the game. 'Dave' he said, 'in football the 
Commies are on one side of this ball and we 're on the other. 
That's what the game is all about. " He adds, "To me, it is no 
accident that Richard Nixon is a football freak, and that the 
game is rapidly becoming our version of bread and circuses." 

POETRY 
about the beach , wave, and/ or 

urfing i wanled by 
the Triton Time Art Dept. 

See Terry at the TT Office. 

Re50urcefu lneu 
p5ychology. becoming 
;'sues. philosophy 
children '. boolu 
fie/ion. poetry 
educational . 
joy 

EARTH.SONG 
BOOK STORE 

U . . & Foreign 
pap,,'boclu 
magazine" 

pOllers 
recorch 

cards 

1440 Camino del Mar Del Mar 755-4254 

~l<\ the 
~nTI) 

are 
turning 

this city on. 
pesented with t~ impact of 

~imension 
SUREoVISWN 

---.... FINE ARTS 
1818 GARNET STREET 274-4000 
ACADElWY 
3nl UNIVERSITY AVE 284 1000 

Triton Time. November2S, I970 



This Week In (un) 
Pro Football 

Rocley Halfon 
Sports Editor 

A couple of upsets were in the making last week in our 
football semi-finals. In fact, had the games been only 20 minute 
games. instead of 40. the final scores would have been 
astounding : Brand X two. DeAnza one: Stumblers 13, BOI 6. 
Luckly for both BOI and DeAnza. the game managed to wear 
on for 20 more minutes. and this eventually proved to be the 
downfall for the two underdogs. 

Friday at 3:00 DeAnza played Brand X. The ~ain flow of the 
game was carried on the shoulders of PhIl . Beauchamp, 
defensive right tackle for the X team . He slnglehandedly 
(almost ) commanded the first half. not only pushing on 
defense. but scoring the only points for Brand X with a safety. 
After halftime, a much refreshed DeAnza team was finally 
able to get it together. On Pa ses from O'Brien to Demio ( 2) 
and Smi th (1 J. the gold en boys were finally able to turn on the 
glow and come out shining to the tune of 19-2. 

The second half of the last week double header was also a 
thriller. The razzle-dazzle Stumblers decided that they were 
going to go to the finals, and for about the first half of the 
game, BOI seemed fairly obliging. Two passes from 
Brownsteen, one to Tyler and one to Thimas, combined wIth 
one extra point, made up the Stumblers 13 points. BOl, mainly 
on the speed of Poolman, managed a mea Iy 6 points. The 
second half was again the telling story. BOl, relying heavily on 
coaching from the wives. came up with a new scoring strategy 
that they effeciently executed with the aid of Poolman and 
Meister. The final score was 19-13. 

The two games last week now set the stage for the " B~g 
Game"-BOI against DeAnza . Many people could see thIS 
coming, but the surprising point that I ee at this time .is t~at 
DeAnza should be fa vored . There is in DeAnza. a combinatIOn 
of defense and offen e which is about as well put-together as I 
have seen at UCSD. Most of the players have had a good 
background in athletics, and the team is well drilled and well 
diSciplined. Behind a good line and with good receivers, O.J . 
can probably hit anyone. 

BOI carrying with them the tradition of UCSD football and 
their ~ndefeated string . will be emotionally up . But, the line 
play and the effectiveness of their offense will be the key. If 
both team are up to par. the game will be decIded by 2 POints. 
My pick i DeAnza. but may the be t team win. I mean that. 
GOOD LUCK. 

Sports Writers Needed! 

See Rocky 

Davis Camera 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459-7355 

" un mlice I~'n 'IIfOI'k lor you 
It's thlt k,oo of ~ 

ltad)'OU' e+btt! '1ou It '" 
"JOI,IGOn' ........ Bb .. fJ'OUl'OWfI 
we". Hnd tw orw for. doll., 

~(J to.« .f'Id Mryll'l'''1 
J~I IT~ If'IouICS do If 

T""S,bII IUIOr>,'rnt 

Hoopmen Look 
Promising 

It is hard to comment on the progress of the 
var ity squad since it has been so depleted by 
injurie '. Rarely has the whole team been able to 
practice together Mark Wilson and Brian Todd 
have been the standouts in practice so far. and 
they hould receive a lot of help from Dave 
Wright. Jon LeLevier, teve Hoch. and Dave 
Gregory. This yea r's team is fairly small. and 
will have to depend on their speed . defense. and 
overall hustle. After two scrimmages with Cal 
Western. some trong and weak point have 
come to light. The full-court presses and the 
hustle on defen have been good. Rebounding 
and moving the ball on offense have been the 
sore points. The potential for a very good team 
is there if they can "get it together" . 

Harriers Place Two In Meet 
Clark Rosen 

Sports Writer 
Members of the cross-country team , 

competing as the Triton Track Club, ran in the 
Jr. National AAU Cross-Country Championships 
in Bal Park Saturday. 

His 35:01 was sufficient for a 20th place medal. 
King has recently discovered the virtues of .a 
sensible diet and attributes much of hIS 
progress to the loss of twelve unnecessary 
pounds. His former weight of 178 pounds IS 
considered heavy for a 6'1" distance runner. 

If you would like to work 
on the TRITON TIMES next 
quorte r contoct the 
office soo n and see 
Haywood Gommon, Ed itor-
In ·(h ief. 

Team scores were : Cal State Fullerton 28, 
San Diego State 47, San Diego Track Club 66 , 
Tritons 98. Southern California Striders lI6. 
John Casso of Fullerton headed the field of more 
than seventy runners, clocking 32 :08.4 on the 
IO,OOO-meter course . 

Other Triton finishers, who did not fare so 
well. were Clark Rosen 136 :31), 34th; Randy 
Twombly (36:49 ), 36th ; and Mark Koide (46:56) , 
66th. 

On December 5, Ed A vol and Kirk ewell will 
rejoin the squad for its final test in the All-Cal 
Tournament at UC Riverside. The seven 
distance men, hoping to defeat both Riverside 
and Santa Barbara this year, are increasing the 
intensity of workouts this week to prepare for 
the meet. 

UCSD's Bob DeLeonardis added another fine 
race to a brilliant season, taking 9th place in 
34 :01. Another highlight for the team was the 
continued improvement of Jerry King , who 
seems to have regained his speed of last year. I 

Soccer T earn Ends Season 
Robert Van Valin 

Sports Writer 

The UCSD soccer team closed out it's 1970 season with a 3-2 victory over 
Chapman College, Saturday. The Tritons domi.nate.d the game as most of it was 
played in front of Chapman's goal.BobGoe,Davld Rlss. and Stewart Hayes scored 
for UCSD while Chapman's goals came on a penalty kick and on a mix-up 
between s'everal members of the UCSD defense. Despite this faux pas, the 
defense was excellent, highlighted by the play of goalkeeper Ned Newman. 
Newman was outstanding, making several great saves and thereby preservmg 
the Tritons thin lead . The offense was continually frustrated , not 0 much by 
Chapman's defense but by beautiful shots which bounced off the crossbar or were 
near misses. At times it looked as if there were eight or nine Chapman defenders 
in front of the goal. That' s one way to keep the ball out. The Tritons seemed a bit 
wild a nd never really settled down. 

This victory snaps a four game losing streak for the kickers. Large!y 
unnoticed. the Tritons fell to Cal Poly Pomona on November II. Agam 
handicapped by the absence of the injured ewman, UCSD failed to hold bac~ Cal 
Poly. The team tried two goalkeepers, b~t the defense could not hold Itself 
together. Cal Poly gave the Tritons a lesson In bad sportsmanshIp, and several of 
their players were ejected by the irate referee. 

Last weekend the team took off for a Mexican holiday as it traveled to 
Mexicali to play 'C . E. T. Y. S. , a tech school. The Tritons lost 3·2, butit was close 
all the way. The team got some bad breaks on questionable calls by the referee. 
Carlos Robles scored both goals for the Tritons. The crowd at the game was very 
enthusiastic and ended up rooting for UCSD. . 

Tbe Speed of Bob Pool man proved to be tbe key 
factor in the Iloi defeat of tbe stumblers . 

The Tritons posted a 4·7-2 mark for the season. The team scored 21 goals whI ch 
is more than double last years output. Carlos Robles set the team scoring record 
with a total of five goals during the season. Other productive scorers were ~red 
Grunewald, Stewart Hayes, David Riss, and Francisco Luna . The booter WIll be 
back in the spring with a JV team in league competition. 

....... ' "" 

"'" ......... c--.... 
'0_11"_"_ __ ..... ~I_I 

.... ,"'--. .... -..... ...... _-_ ... 

If You N ever Felt Better 
Maybe It's Time You Did 

A complete selection of organically 'grown 
natural and nutritional health foods . 

• Natural Whole Grain Breads 
• Sugar Free Cookies 
• Pure Fruit & Vegetable Juices 
• Salad Dressings, Oils, Mayonnaise 
• Natural Grains & Cereals 
• Dried Fruits & Raw Nuts 
• Certified Dairy Products 
• Low Cholesterol Eggs 
• Raw Nut Butters 
• Sugar Free Sweets 
• Non Chocolate Candy Bars 
• Natural Fruit & Nut Bars 
• Raw Unfiltered Honey 
• Special Diet Foods 
• Natural Vitamins 

& Mineral Supplements 

~OUSE of NATURAl foods 
7523 B Fay Avenue 

Provost Special 

LOX and 
CREAM CHEESE 

on a 
Bagel 

95C 
Coffee Hut 

Win zer 
Scripps 

ow ned and opera ted 
by 'C 0 

Spiker vents his frustrations under looming Muir arcbitecture. 

uel 
Wide World 

of Spor's 
Owen loyner 

AJsociate Cily Editor 

" 

James Pokorny, run-away victor of First Annual Tricycle 
Race, wheels around the winner's circle with his handsome prize. 

Sizable crowd oobs and ahbs as ball carier runs for his lire during intramural semi-finals. 

The fact that there is no 
required P.E. class at this 
school might lead one to 
believe that enthusiasm in 
sports at UCSD would just 
wither and die. After all , this 
campus, unlike Notre Dame , is 
noted for its allegiance to the 
grad school and not athletics. 
Sports should therefore be 
regarded as merely a 
superfluous diversion from the 
more noble occupation of 
studying. 

The truth is, however, tha t 
organized competitive sports , 
the most vu lgar and hardy of 
all of America 's traditions, are 
alive and very well at UCSD. 

Everyone knows that UCSD 
doesn ' t have a football team. 
Instead it has 32 of them, all at 
each other ' s throa ts for the 
coveted Intramural 
Championship. Intramurals, 
f or the benefi t of the 
unenlightened , is a system 
created for frustrated 3rd 
string jocks to rid themselves 
of ya-yas they were not able to 
dispose of while in high school. 
This accounts for two-thirds of 
the male population at UCSD. 
Intramurals have had a very 
deep effect on this campus ; 
terms like BOI and Gophers 
becoming household words. 

Other fall quarter ports 
besides football include soccer. 
rugby , and . of course , 
dormitory waterfights which 
serve as a kind of Freshman 
Orientation. 

This year heralded the 
emergence of a new sports 
tradition, the annual Tricycle 
Race , which offers a 
challenging course around 
severa l historic Revell e 
buildings. Although there were 
only a dozen or so entries in the 
first edition of thi event, 
which was ponsored by the 
Alpha Sigma Phi fraternity last 
Friday, the race is certain to 
become a classic by 1982. 

During the winter quarter 
the sports calendar is lightened 
somewhat. Of course there are 
late night poker games. And 
the basketball team swings into 
action with all the beautiful 
c heerlea ders. colorful 
pageantry and exciting play 
which made high school fun . 

Spring Quarter bring a 
whole barrage of sports action . 
It is the season when our only 
championship intercollegiate 
team , the volleyball players, go 
out and trounce sports giants 
like Southern Indiana Tech for 
national recognition. Spring 
quarter ushers in the great 

baseball season and co-ed 
softball and Red Mountain 
wine. Other sports to look for 
during Spring Quarter include 
the exciting Watermelon Fight 
at the Coffee Hut which follows 
the less exciting Watermelon 
Drop off Urey Hal l. 

The most popular of the 
spring quarter sports IS the 
"Strike !" Thi is usually a 
week-long exha usting 
marathon featuring daring 
events such as intercollegia te 
build ing ta keover s and 
dramatic moves by great 
performer like Ronald 
Reaga n. 

Of course. we have not yet 
mentioned that great sport 
which , along with 80 
millionaires. helped put La 
Jolla on the map-surfing. 
Beller described as a religion 
rather than a sport, more than 
one surfer's academic career 
has been wa hed up by a strong 
south swell during finals week . 

Southern California is 
famous for having the mos! 
highly developed leisure 
culture in the world . UCSD is 
no exception to this as benea th 
the school's intellectual facade 
we find thou and of 
screaming, competitive, all-
American sports freak . 

Joe hooube tube goe left at Black' while h i~ 9:00 math cla goe on in B. 
"""'05 by lotle, 

T,iton Times November2S,lm 

TritonTim··IIII~N~O;V;.;mbe:;;'25~,~lm;;~IIIIIIIIIIII"""""""iI""""" .................................................... ~JI .......... ~ .............................................................................................................................. ... 



WEDNESDAY, 
November 25 
TV-6:30 p.m.. Channel 15 : 
·· Realitie ." Galbraith vs . 
Buckley. 

8:30. Channel 15 : "Civilisation." 
The Light of Experience: Light 
revolutionize the artwork of 
Rembrandt and Vermeer in 17th 
Century Europe. a time al 0 for 
mathematic and the reason of 
Descartes. Newton . and Wren. 

9:30 p.m .. Channel 15 : "The 
ader Report . " Pood 

Additives.The food indu try and 
th PDA are attacked for allowing 
the consumer to be victimized by 
"proce sed" food . . 
SPORTS-S p.m.. ports Aren : 
hockey. San Diego Gulls v . Salt 
Lake ity. 

THURSDAY, 
November 26 
THANKSGIVING DAY 
TV-IO p.m .. Channel IS ... oul. " 
featuring Herbie Hancock and hi 
jazz sextet. 
FRIDAY, November 27 
ADMINISTRATIVE 
HOLIDAY 
SPORTS-S p.m.. ports Arena : 
basketball : San Diego Rocket vs. 
Atlanta Hawks. 
MOVIE - 0 Fridav ite Flicks. 

Unicorn-"The End of A Prie t. " 
1969. Czechoslovakia. Por more 
info call 454·7373 or 459·4343. 

?AC~r~C 
YAMAKA 

complete sales 
& service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
1551 ,Irnlt IVI 

leifie .lIe. 274-6343 

SATURDAY, 
November 29 
ART EXHIBIT-IO-5 p.m .. Pine 
Arts Gallery. Balboa Park : 
original graphics sale. Priced from 
.$5-1.000. mo t under $100. 
SPORTS-S p.m.. Sports Arena : 
hockey : San Diego Gulls vs. 
Phoenix Roadrunners. 

S p.m.. San Diego Stadium: 
football : San Diego State vs. Iowa 
State niver ity. Student 2. 
TV-12:30 p.m.. Channel \0 : 
National Science Poundation 
produced Deep Sea Drilling 
Project film . The film was shot in 
color aboard the Glomar 
Challenger and combine the look 
and sound of contemporary cinema 
with the tory of one of the nation 's 
most succes ful and interesting 
project . 
RADIO-II am . KECR 93.3 PM : 
" Runaway World .. ' panel 
dl cu sion of curr nt topics and 
interview of tudents on campu 
MOVIE- nicorn-"Early 
Works ." 1969. Yu~oslavia 

SUNDAY, November 29 
ART EXHIBIT-12 :30- 5 p.m .. 
Fine Arts Gallerv. Balboa Park : 
graphic a le ~ Price from 
$5- 1.000. Most under $100 
MUSIC-5 p.m .. Sport Arena : Ten 
Years After. Tickets in advance 
4.75. at the door. $5 

TV-S:30 p.m .. Channel 15 : HOur 
Vanishing Wilderness." The Chain 
of Life . Program is last in a series : 
examine new trends toward more 
intelligent use of the earth' s 
natural resources. 

folk arts 
blues. folk JIZz. 

rock on rlcord 
llso : pottlry , jewelry, 
IlItlllr, 

hind mlde clothes 
3753 indil 

(corner wlShington 
Ind indil) 

Join The Wet Set 
flEW ENGLAND DIVERS 

San Diego's largest 
Inventory of 

Underwater Equipment 

Discounts from 
20-SO% 

Scuba Instructions 

Rentals 

NEWENGLANDDIVERS, INC. 
3860 nOSECRANS ST. SAN DIEGO, CA. 92118 

29:l-0531 Across from Wh it. Frunt 

I HIS AO WORTH ONE DECAL PER CUSTOMER 

things & things 
ant iquated and otherwise 

1237 prospect street I. jolla 
454 ·7000 

Page a Triton Times November2S,l970 

MOVIE-Unicorn-" Earlv 
Works." 1969. Yugosla~ia . Por 
more info call4~-7373 or 459-4343. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
FROM THE FINANCIAL AIDS 
OFFICE: Grant check for the 
Winter Quarter will be ready 
December 7. Loan check will be 
issued by the Loan Office . 204MC : 
all other check will be available at 
the Accounting Office. 301M . 

All student receiving aid are 
advised that renewal applications 
for the 1971 ·72 academic year will 
be in the mail by November 30. 
Since addre ses are not always 
correct. students failing to receive 
this material by December 5 should 
come into the Pinancial Aids 
office. 250M . and obtain the 
neces ary forms. 

Deadlines for all cholarship 
applications is January 15 : March 
15 for application for all other 
forms of financial a si tance. 

lew hours of the Pinan ial Aid 
Office : 9- 5. M- P. 

FROM THE INTER ATIO AL 
EDUCATIO OFFICE: the 
deadline for applicant to this 
year's Education Abroad programs 
in Mexico City and Paris is being 
extended to December I. 

Students who may wish to apply 
or who desire more information 
about this program hould contact 
the International Education o(fice 
in 250MC. 

COMMUNITY 
RELATIONS-Jewish students 
have been asked to speak or. their 
campus life and problems as J ws 
at the University for a Community 
Synagogue. The date for the 
discus ion will be December S at 
the Scripps Miramar Ranch. 
Interested students please contact 
Alvin Schnurr. 453-5844. 

Anomaly Factory preview 
January production " lYE" on 
December 4 & 5. Priday and 
Saturday at S:30 p.m. Admission 50 
cents. 

The UCSO Library will 
celebra te the receipt of its 
750.000th volume on Tuesday. 

ovember 24. at 10 :30 a.m. in 
the main floor entrance area of 
the Central niver ity Library. 
All students. faculty , and staff 
are invited to attend. The work. 
a fir t edition of Fielding 's 
Tom Jone ,will be pre ented to 
Acting Chancellor York by the 
Friends of the SO Library. 
represented by Mr. Elliott 
Cushman. president , and Dr. 
Francis Smith. Chairman of 
the Acquisitions Committee. 

S'op 'nfla';on Anti Help Your Bro,hers 

All Types V.W. 
Service. 

Rebu ilt Eng ines 
'22S up 

Rebu ilt Transoxles 
'12S up 

& 
PUll Putt 

Shop 

for h.ry D., ,",1. 

blry Part 
For Your 

Bug 
NEW and 

USED 

Bird Rock Putt Putt Shop 
South 631 ~ La Jolla Blvd. 

454-0761 

PACIFIC HONDA 

A-om Withl'lio Willi, 
Honda has it aI. 

Pacific Honda-1269 Garn I 

CLASSI FI EDS 
Wanted 

Need Junior or Senior Yr. 
French major to tutor nights. 
Call 4,,-0721 after 6. 

For Sale 
Waterbeds regularly $100 
special $65 sle them at 
Waterworks 3838 Mission Blvd, 
Mission Beach 488·3111 

Bean and alfalfa sprouter with 
instructions and seed packets 
$3. Box 2422 Van Nuys, Calif. 
91404 

----------------COSMETICS. For 9·25c Sam· 
pies of Randal non-allergic 
Cosmetics, <made from fruits , 
herbs, ferns, flowers, etc. and 
no harmful chemicals) send 
only 1.00 to Randall Cosmetics 
P.O. Box 2019, La Jolla, Calif. 
State of skin is dry, norma I, or 
combination. 

Brand new Minolta MG 16 with 
flash foot . $35 or best offer. 
Must sell. call Mark 755· 3990 

'1>7 Chevelle SS396 Gold con· 
vertable . 755·3990 

'SI T R3. '.3 englntl trlnl. Prlc. 
S5OO. Call 45'-5410. 

Personal, 
You are cordially invited to a 
special pre·Christmas under $50 
sale . December 5 and 6. 
FABULOUS GIFTSI UN· 
BELIEVABLE BUYSI It THE 
ART CENTER, 1159 Cimino 
Del Mar for info call 755·1630 III 
artists and crlftsmen are in· 
vited to sell their wires. 

10 

Service. 
Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 

Try Jlmes Automotive ServicI 
American Ind Foreign Can 
Replirs and Polutlon control. 
Student Discount 7748 Herschel 
la Jolla (in the rear) 459-91'~ 
Persons needing help in 
proficiency in Ger 
tutoring in German. 
Mr. Werner Mayr X 2765 or 
8296 

Typing- I BM-Resonable 
rates-Call 488·3188. 

Faculty and 
Grants available testing 
sumer products . Minimu 
strings attached . For info 
Gable 6648 Muirlands, la 

Typing".Experienced typist ... 
paper , thesis. Electric typew 
Will do rush jobs. 453·6835. 

DISTINTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. 
Rates. Satisfaction is the 
product. Helen 459-W8 

Europe Chlrter Flights 
Several Schedules 
Coordinator: Pr 
Margaret PilI; 247 
Ave., long Belch. 90803 
2179 

PROFESSIONAL TYPING 
service reasoDable rates 
factioD guaraDteed meclical 
tecbDical typiOC our specialty. 
%77-%551 after 5:11 p.m. 4tl-tW3 

submit! 
To us 
yoarpoems. 
We print 
Arts Dept. 

LIlA MINNELLI 
" TELL ME THAT YOU 

- OPEN 6:30· SHOW It 1- ME, JULIE MntON' . 

AN AQUARIAN EXPOSITION 
. . 

,Iafllng joan bo .. . joe cocker . counlry joe 4 Ih.l"h • cro,by.'IIII, 4 
orloguthne • rlchlf'l hovem • Jlml hendqx • lontona _John sebasllon . sho 

,Iy 41he lamlly ,lone . Ien yeo" olte, . lhe who . and 400,000 olhe' beoul,lul 

a film by michael wad leigh . produced 
bob maurice· a wadleigh-maurice, ltd 

production. technicolor® from warner bros 1iUt'fR1 "I.ITAICTIO Under 11 ,.qulles "" '''' I .. ' "' ..... w.. I'" l',! 
~ KcOmptnytng Pa, "I Of Adull GuafcJlan " I"" , """'" ' .1 " .... , 1\ , 


