
V.lu •• ", N •• h, S 

The Academic 
Senate 

Can 469 PHD'S 

Govern Themselves 

Steve Landau 

There was a time when the most pressing business before UCSD's Academic 
Senate, the faculty governing body, was whether a language requirement should 
be dropped or a general sciences course modified. In the last few years such 
questions as military recruitment on campus, Marcuse and Angela Davis, 
minority education, and war-related research have placed new demands on 
faculty members throughout the UC system. . 

As the Wliversity increasingly becomes the battleground upon which society's 
major conflicts are fought, the question of faculty governance becomes a crucial 
one. Is the faculty capable of making a Wlified response to the new challenges? Is 
the Academic Senate really capable of representing the faculty's wishes? 

Budget Cut-Punitive? 
The state legislature obviously thinks so. Several months ago they cut the 

operating budget of all Academic Senates by 40 percent. This was quite an unusual 
move. The legislature may have lowered the UC budget before, but it rarely 
itemizes cuts. 

Dr. Gabriel Jackson, chairman of the Senate 's UCSD Division, feels that this 
move was a punitive one. He cited the refusal to extend a statewide cost-{)f-living 
increase to professors as part of this general pattern. "The legislature feels that 
professors are responsible for campus disturbances," he said. 

While "responsibility" for campus disturbances is a highly debated point, the 
Senate bas taken positions on the issues which students have been protesting. 
Support for Angela Davis' rehiring led the statewide Academic Assembly to 
disavow its earlier ruling of 1950 that Communists should not be employed by the 
university. During periods of student strikes Senate Divisions have passed 
resolutions expressing varying degrees of sympathy with the strikes or their goals. 
The reconstitution of classes following last spring's turmoil was facilitated in part 
by Senate directives changing grading procedures. 

But strangely enough both the faculty and many students who have looked to the 
Senate for strong action are disappointed for the most part. Also, there is a 
growing opposition among other faculty members to what they term 
politicalization of the Senate. 

PoUticallze or Not? 
"Last spring we had extensive discussions on the question of whether the 

Academic Senate should be in the political business," says Dr. Walter MWlk of 
Scripps. "By a slim margin it was agreed we shouldn't be." Munk was chairman of 
the Senate two years ago, a time at which the Senate first became a focus of 
student attention, largely because of Eldridge Cleaver and Third College. 

The problem, though, is one of a definition of the term "political." One may 
assert, as does Dr. Sheldon Schultz of Physics, that "the Senate is not a vehicle to 
end the war in Vietnam." But consider the rehiring of Marcuse and Angela Davis. 
These obviously became political issues in California, yet they still involved basic 
questions of academic freedom in the eyes of the university community. 

What, then Is the proper domain of the Academic Senate? 
The legal authority of the Senate is dependent upon a process of delegation that 

begins with the Board of Regents. By the state constitution all power is vested in 
that body. The Regents may, and have, delegated authority to the president of the 
university (currently Charles Hitch), to the nine chancellors, or to the Academic 
Senate(s). 

Currently the delegated authority of the Senate lies in the area of courses and 
curiculum only. Thus UCSD's division of the Academic Senate controls the 
academic affairs of the campus. Their actions are reviewed by the Regents only 
when a new academic unit is fOWlded (Le. a school or college). Third College's 
master plan had to be approved by the Regents last spring. 

A statewide Academic Assembly, with 45 members elected from the nine 
campuses on a proportional basis, deals with UC-wide academic matters, such as 
admission standards or degree requirements, to name but a few. UCSD has two 
representatives on this body. 

Beyond the academic area the Senate is technically only advisory. "Our opinion 
outside of the delegated area is worth as much as the President and the Regents 
want to take it as," says UCSD chairman Jackson. "Recent cases have shown that 
we have virtually no influence." 

Academic CouDeD Advises 
The Academic Council is yet another faculty body. It consists of the nine division 

chairman plus the heads of two statewide faculty committees (budget and 
educational policy). This group meets once a month, just before Regents meetings, 
to advise the President on "faculty opinion." Says Jackson : "I don't think the 
President has been very responsive. He is trying very hard not to rock the boat and 
this essentially means appeasing the conservatives." 

In recent years the Regents have acted occasionally to rescind some of the 

authority they delegated. Thus, after Chancellor McGill rehired Marcuse they 
moved to resume power over hiring professors. Later in the year Chancellor 
Young at UCLA, who had accepted a faculty committee's recommendation to 
rehire Angela Davis, found himself overruled. 

Senate Exerts More Power? 
: Despite these limitations on the Senate some feel that it could exert more power. 

power. " l 'm very depressed about the Academic Senate because it is allowing a 
constant erosion of (faculty ) rights with little resistance," says Prof. Lettau of 
Literature. "I think the faculty are afraid of the incipient fascism under which we 
live, but they fear for their jobs and have resigned themselves to their fate ." 

Lettau's dissatisfaction with official faculty response to the "war-related 
research" issue led him to participate in last spring's sit-ins. He has been con-
victed on civil charges and faces possible disciplinary action by the university 
also. 

To Lettau, though, it's I)ot a question of the faculty needing another vehicle 
besides the Senate. "Last year they were successful in stalling a vote on anything 
because that would have been decisive. Isn 't that the idea of democracy-to allow 
the majority to reach a decision?" 

This pessimism is shared, strangely enough, by those who would like to see the 
Senate take stronger political action and those who fear that politicalization. 
Others see the Senate as merely incapable of handling the more controversial 
issues. 

To many the Senate is a debating body at best. "These debates often end in some 
pompous resolution," says Dr. Munk. "They are ineffective and their role is 
doubtfl1l, but it probably makes people feel better." Sociology department 
Chairman Joseph Gusfield agrees that "the Senate is not a place for taking ac-
tion." However, this is not a criticism, he says. "I'm not entirely sure that action 
should be taken rapidly." 

On the other hand, though, Gusfield feels that the Senate should exert itself more 
academically. "Until very recently universities made little attempt to govern 
themselves. The University of California is relatively Wlique now because there is 
a great effort on the part ofthe faculty to govern the departments." 

Dr. Schultz, often outspoken at Senate meetings backs him up to this point. "I've 
always felt that the Senate doesn't do enough work." He includes in this the 
committees, where most of the actual ground work takes place. 

Future of the Academic Senate 
What will be the future of the Academic Senate at UCSD? Despite the cuts in its 

budget by the legislature it will continue to operate. But faculty interest and in-
volvement will determine its effectiveness. Last year Senate chairman Jackson 
could barely gather a quorum-a mere 15 percent of the campus' faculty-for the 
monthly meetings. 

The formation of other faculty groups is some indication that the Senate cannot 
be everything to everybody. The Committee to Save the University (CSU) has 
communicated directly with the Regents and the Governor. This, according to Dr. 
Munk, can only weaken the Senate's legitimacy in the eyes of external bodies. How 
is a faculty committee to present its candidate for Chancellor as the choice of the 
campus when CSU presents its own slate, for instance? 

Several attempts to form faculty unions have expressed the felt need for a 
bargaining power with the Regents. A local chapter of the American Association of 
University Professors is active ' occasionally', usually when questions of academic 
freedom are involved. 

In the face of attacks on the legitimacy and authority of the Academic Senate 
from within and without Dr. Jackson says : "The maintenance of th( Senate as a 
strong voice is absolutely essential to any real faculty influence on educational 
policy and in the atmosphere of campus life." 

Senate Action Thi Year 
The Senate this year must face much unfinished business. The question of "war-

related" research has not been resolved. Third College is being attacked and it 
educational integrity called to question. Other unforseen issues are bound to 
surface. The next meeting is Tuesday, October 27, at 3:30 p.m. in th HL 
Audltoriwn and 28 student observers are admitted on a firsto<:ome first- rved 
basis. 

( onlinued on page 2) 



Regents Pushing Strid Chancellor 
Jo~n Maxwell Nierenberg were proposed by Jack Douglas, Sociology 

Reports that L1e Regents have by-passed the nominations of professor at UCSO, and other prominent members of the CSU in 
the UCSO search commitee in favor of candidates introduced their meeting with Regents W. GleM Campbell and John 
from other sources, has re~pened speculation this week that the Canady. "McGill was very angry because we .met with Cam~ 
UC Regents are trying to "force" a conservative Chancellor on bell and Canady," Douglas said, but felt that It was anybody s 
this campus. This is the first time since the conservatives have duty to offer advice about the kind of chancellor we need." 
controlled theBoard that they have tried to place a man who is Douglas said the new chancellor should have both "moral 
sympathetic with their own political biases to a key ad- strength" and "basic courage and knowledge of how to face 
ministrative position . force and how to deal with it." Because they are afraid of 

Informed solU"ces say that the regents Are pr.esently ~on- physical violence, Douglas claims that most academic people 
sidering Dr. William A. Nierenberg, Director of Scnpps In~tltute make poor administrators. "They haven't been people playing 
of Oceanography, Ronald S. Berman, professor of En~lish at football, haven't been in the Army ... don't have much of the 
UCSO, <I:'ld WilliB:ID G. Mc~an, professor of chemistry at experience of the policeman." . . . 
UCLA Without prior screening by the on-campus search com- The on-campus committee's flfst chOice, Dr. Clifford Grob-
mittee. stein vice-chancellor for health sciences and dean of the UCSD 

Nierenberg, who has been at Scripps for the last five years, Medi~al School, was apparently passed over after severe 
says, "I love be~g director of Scr!pps b~t I c.an't say that I conservative opposition developed and the CSU proposals 
wouldn't take the Job of Chancellor. McMillan IS a well-known captured Regental consideration. 
faculty conservative at .UCLA and Berman .was .one of the "We ought not to be short-circuit~g the. established 
organizers of t~e ~~ttee to .Save the Umverslty. He has procedures," Dr. Grobstein states. " All pomts ofvlew should be 
expressed caustic CritiCism of Thlfd College. Both Berman and seen, but the established procedures leave room for all 

OUR ROYAL FAMILY How much can one family give? If you're a SNEDLEY you just keep 
glvmg. Take the King ... he gave up ten 

viewpoints to be heard." 
Another prlfnary choice ot tne on. campus co~ittee.' Dr. 

John R. Hogness, executive vice preSident at the Umverslty of 
Washington , was offered the job but turned.it. down. . 

Besides their more conservative political standing, the 
current candidates seem to have one common characteristic. 
Th'ey all have expressed a fairly stern attitude toward student 
and faculty protest. 
EDITOR'S NOTE: (continued/rom page J) 
Please note one change in the diagram. Executive and 
University Welfare has been split into two separate 
commitees: Executive and Policy, and University 
Welfare. The former is elected by the faculties (Muir, 
Revelle, Scripps, etc.) on a proportional basis. It 
prepares the agenda for Senate meetings and can act on 
its own in emergencies. The Committee on Committees, 
elected at large by the Senate, appoints members to all 
other committees. Students are non-voting members on 
the following commitlees: Academic Freedom, CEP, 
Library, Executive and Policy, Special Scholarships, 
and University Welfare. 

L-_'_"_'"_' __ ~I LI __ J_·M_M_W_' __ ~ 
I MedJcal SchOOl 

Academic "',udom [ Adml ••• ~. Amulun Hi,to" u'In,lIluliorl' 

Ihldaet [ I Committee . Eduution Ab r oad Pro,um 
Edueational PoliCT CEP Sllbc;onvnin". t."cub" • • nd 
and Cou nn teEPI Oft Undl "r&'u.t, U .. :hffl lt )' Welfare 

CO\I ree. 

O r" .. t , CCNMII Ubury Prh1Ie,l,nd 
Ten".re 

R,.e.Jell Rul" and Subj.ct A and 
J"d l d,,:tlo" WtltlftJ 

Sped'l Unde'I' l dua.te 
Scllol luh.lp. Scholar.hip, nd Unhe n il, C.ten. ion 

Honan 

Issues Now Course 
A former Israeli general will speak here Wednesday (Oct. 14) 

on a panel discussing the meaning of Nasser's death for the 
Middle East. 

Mattityahu Peled, now a Ph.D. candidate in Arabic literature 
at UCLA, will present [srael's point of view on the topiC "What 
Does Nasser's Death Mean to the Middle East?" 

Speaking on "Prospects for Peace After Nasser's Death" will 
be Dr. Pete Von Sivers, a visiting Assistant Professor of History 
at UCLA. Mrs. A. Marsot, an Egyptian, is tentatively scheduled 
to speak on Egypt's future . 

The panel will speak as part of "Issues-Now !" a University 
Extension series on current topics. The COlU"se will meet from 
7:30 to 10 p.m. in Room 2722 of the Undergraduate Sciences 
Building. Student and faculty tickets are available at the 
People-to-People Office. The middle East panel was planned at 
the request of UCSD students. 

KSDT: The Radio Station That 
Changes More Than Records 

Hod Lorane 
"We have infinite freedom, and [ want that 

freedom explored. And somebody who doesn't 
explore it! just can't use." So says Phil Ca$alfo, 
KSOT's program manager. There is no reaction 
one way or another to a statement like that from 
KSOT'$ station manager. It 's not that the station 
manager doesn't care, it's just that no one cares 
to be station manager : The post was vacated two 
weeks ago, and no one has applied for the job. 

In a school where the competition for student 
attention and sympathy involves three 
publications the situation doesn't make sense. 
KSOT is beholden to no commercial sponsors. It 
can reach the students 24 hours a day, and within 
a year should be a licensed FM station with city-
wide audience. But for now, it's like a newspaper 
without an editor. Phil Catalfo is acting in the 
post, but doesn't want it, and if no acceptable 
applications are received by Oct. 16, the Com-
munications Board will have to appoint someone 
to fill the post until a manager is found. 

Historically, KSOT has had problems, but lack 
of interest hasn't been one of them. The station 

A I Capp, creator of "L' j{ Abner ", is coming to UC D got its start 3 years ago, broadcasting at 550 on 
tonight at 8:00 in the gym. Capp will make a short the AM band by carrier current. "Carrier 
speech fo llowed by an informal question-and-answer current" means that the station is not on the air 

waves. Its signal is carried through the school's 
seuion. wiring, and can be picked up in the dorms, and Capp 's cartoons ha ve recenlly al/acked tho se 

lOIlle other buildings, but seldom off-campus. 
students who resort 10 violent action. The station is not licensed, and the 550 band is 

To hear what the over-30's are thinking about the merely a convenience. There happens to be room 
campus, come rap with Al Cappo Admission ill free. there. 
That's 8:00 tonight in the gym. eMnge in Import.nee 

Presented by the Associated Students of UCSD ORd In its first year, the station remained in. 
Campus Studies Institute. eoospiciuous, played music, and slowly ac-

Drama and Eric Christmas: =~!ct~~:~~::::d::~;:r~::: 
demonstrations in southern California, and 

In Search 0' a Theatre =~us ~rm~=h~:::!~na :::ef=on~ 
Rose DeCosta .oals and policy. Suddenly, the station found 

"Theatres should be just as Res" (In The Middle of Things), illelf serving as a clearing house for In. 
much a part of any university as it is an original satire looking at bmation, contacting other stations for news 
libraries and cafeterias. The the world of today in the eyes 01 ad sending OJs into the field as reporters. At 
trouble with this campus is that insects. It will incorporate tile same time, says CataUo, the Regents closed 
there is no place here to do of "Insect Comedy" by Jos,eph. down UCSB's station. 
things in the social scene. This and Karel Capek with When things died down, the station caught its 
campus lacks charac- usage of pantomiming, acting, . llreath and thought about just what "public 
ter ... students have no chance to and using review techniques. service" to a university community is. Now, the 
relate to each other here except The central theme of this news machine is ready, there is a news manager 
on the individual basis. We very presentation, says Christmas, is and reporters, and the connections established 
much need a theatre on this "that we are all insects. But- last year are still open. Programming so far this 
campus." These are the views terflies flutter around the year has remained mosUy music, but Mr. 
of Eric Christmas, Head of the with no destined goals, beatles Catalfo anticipates a much broader program-
drama department. are Mr. and Mrs. Middleclass mlng later, to better serve the community and to 

UCSO's Drama Department America getting their "pile" explore the potentials of radio at UCSD: 
hopes to acquire their new manure) together. Ants "Anything of value and of interest to students, 
theatre before this academic each other in the name we'll do." 
year ends. Muir College is and democracy, Finances Adjusted 
making plans to set up a drama parasites are waiting to pick up Another concern, and not exactly a new one, is 
complex on the Matthews the pieces." money. Last year, KSOT stayed in the black on a 
Campus, he said. Commenting on goals for but This the 

"This is not definitely decided year, Christmas expresses: ~~.I~;.;;ir:;iRiiiir_ 
upon, but plans call for several "We want to think of ourselves 
buildings to be used for as a 'road company' travelilIlgJU'!3ij."; 
workshop areas and a small about the campus with I~~t~ 
theatre seating up to 200 people. feel than political comments but 

Previewing this year's more about world betterment 
events, plans, and goals, Eric You might say that the main 
Christmas seemed quite en- theme would be: it is time to 
thusiastic about it's prospects . listen . I want to express thiJ 
"The Caretaker", a presen- idea . That would be an 
tation of dramatized readil1g, achievement." 
will be presented before the end Until the drama department 
of the fall quarter. Here, he acquires a staged theatre, he 
said, actors will not only be will form a road company to 
reading their scripts but acting give presentations to the 
them out at the same time. various sections of the UCSD 

Similiar types of productions campus and try to travel to 
have also been scheduled, other UC campuses. Presently 
featuring the world around us . they are running on a very tight 
Tentatively named "In Media budget, but if funds hold out, hiI r---------_ road company will try to go to 

COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANK Riverside , Santa Cruz and 
327 F st. Berkeley. The crash corner_ 

budget is down slightly, to $5,700. (Most of the 
difference is cOming out of salaries.) There is 
no real problem with operations, however. DJ 's 
never have been paid, and records can be played 
more than once. Money has been alocated for 
securing an FM construction permit. 

When that happens, expenses will certainly 
rise, but the indications are that funds will be 
available. The Communications Board (which 
determines funding to the TRITON TIMES and 
to KSOT) policy has been to "fully support" the 
station. However, Craig Starr, chairman of the 
Com-Board, expressed hopes that a more 
"equitable" funding can be worked out, one in 
which funds other than student registration fees, 
A.S. fees and TRITON TIMES advertising in-
come would be available. At present, Com-Board 
funds are all-student, with no faculty support to 
speak of. 

In the radio station. 
Until KSOT goes FM, which should be 

sometime early next year, it will continue at 550, 
AM. Something will be on the air 24 hOlU"s a day, 
if all goes 'i'iEil. It will, quite possibly, be unusual, 
as a DJ's show is his own. He plays what he 
wants, and says what he wants. Political 
statements are not discolU"aged; furthermore, as 
KSOT is a "student station," Mr. catalfo 
believes it should reflect student opinion. He sees 
such opinions politically left of center and 
ideologically aligns with ijle counter-culture: 
"We can be a radical station if our constituents 
are radical." "And are they?" "Yeah, to a large 
degree, they are." 

There have been those who have disagreed, 
admits Mr. Catalfo. And even he sees both sides : 
" [f all we do is play music to smoke dope by, or 
play news to get dressed to go to the demon-
stration by, then we 're defeating our plU"poses. I 
don't want to feel that we are closed politically, 
( but) we can have a political stan\.e if we're fair 
about it." 

Rebuttals Welcome 
To a large extent, Phil Catalfo feels the 

students are behind him. Those who aren't, he 
says, are welcome to say. so-in the press, in 
person or even on KSOT alf time : " If spmeone 
wants to come in and hassle me for opposition 
view 'point, let him come and hassle me, and if 
we can work it out, we'll do it. Because one-sided 
debate is never fruitful ." 

Besides being welcome to speak out, students 
are welcome to tune in KSOT at 550 AM, 24 hours 
a day. Or to apply for the position of station 
manager. 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 
rue. thru Fri. 

9:30 • 7:30 
Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 

Closed Sun. II Mon. 
233 - am 

The intra-campus system will 
encOlU"age contact among the 
university campus and the 
surrounding communities. 

"Last year, Midswnmer 
Night's Dream and the 
Caucasian Chalk Circle at-
tracted about 2,000 people. Out 
of the 2,000 spectators, I would 
say 500 of them were from 

The Muir Cafeteria 
Health Food Store 

has reopened. 
around the surrounding com-
munities. Possibly, we can 7:00 PM- 10:00 PM 

years o( lunch breaks to make sure his 
" recipe" was sw~11 FIR could be. Weakling 
Prince : tan gave up his harp lesson ... 
Queen :"uclee gave at the office ... and 
Princes!: Fatoona? Well, everybody has 
given c p on her. CIVE GIVE CIVE ... 
that's tl-e SNEDLEY story. But aren't you 
glad they gave? Look for the Royal Family 
on the can. lllilill II 111111 •~~~:;::=~~~~~~~~~~~~==;==-::;;~=='~~~~~='1 some system of com· 

I II mWllcation through this. It is 
Monday-Friday 

Page 2 Triton Times October 13, 1970 

this reason and others that 
are not to turn out 
IIprofesslo~18l actors. Our goal is 

students responsible to 
own potentials and project 
aWlUPI'Pll.~ of life on campUS 

K .±::====;;!;:===================;;::::=====::tJ.Slnd elsewhere." 

For Spe~ial Order. and more information ... 

ro .. t.rt larry Bonafide, Muir Cafeteria Manager 

The broadcast room. 

"People to People"Speaks Out 
Mike Hath 

The distlU"bing problem of a lack of com-
munication between the University and the 
community at large is gradually being solved by 
the recent installation of the People-to-People 
program. Brought on by the disorder and con-
fusion on the campus last Spring, People-to-
People is an attempt by the students and faculty 
to develop lines of communication between 
themselves and the San Diego area. 

The present organization had its origin in the 
Community Interaction Committee developed by 
Robert Munk, a UCSD student, in June of 1969. 
This organization devoted itself primarily to 
conducting tours of the campus for any in-
terested local groups. With students conducting 
the tours, discussions developed which created 
dialogues between the college and the com-
munity. 

McGill Appears on TV 
After the disruption of the campus following 

the announcement of the Cambodian invasion 
and the Kent State killings, Chancellor William 
J . McGill made an appearance on local 
television May 10. Acting on the advice of Dr. 
Sheldon Schultz, professor of PhYSics, he in-
formed the public of an open line of com-
mucications, known as EDNA, the phone 
number 453-3362. The public was invited to use 
the "hot line" if they needed information or 
simply wanted to talk with some students. Bruce 
Morden, an early organizer of People-to-People 
and now the current Commissioner of Com-
munity Services, commented on the ef-
fectiveness of EDNA. "We estimate we reached 
about 5,000 to 6,000 people in the San Diego area 
in the first month and a half." 

The Student Affairs Building on Matthews 
Can1pus was the center of operations for the 
program, and for the first two months was 
practically swamped with phone calls. As 
Morden put it, "The program itself was merely a 
communications thing." If any people were 
interested in talking with students, they could 
call EDNA who would set up a meeting. Then two 
orthree students and a faculty member met with 
the interested party at a church, school, or most 

often their home. At first the topics discussed 
dealt primarily with the war and the violence at 
Kent State, but a wide variety of subjects were 
covered. 

The program continued on through the sum-
mer, although the response slackened off. As the 
link between the students and the community in 
his office of Commissioner of CommWlity Ser-
vices, Morden isolated one of the reasons : 
"People in the community are like everyone 
else; if it doesn't affect them, they don 't care . . 
That's one of 01U" biggest problems." 

Class Meets on Wednesday Evenings 
People-to-People is now sponsoring a class 

open to the public Wednesday evenings, known 
as Issues Now. The class came about through the 
suggestions of interested people who felt the 
discussions in the home had become too 
emotional and' desired an objective, 
authoritative treatment of elevant issues. The 
class features a panel discussion of such issues 
as drugs, pornography, and student unrest, and a 
question and answer period at the end of each 
class. Credit is offered for the class. Besides 
sponsoring the class, People-to-People hopes to 
continue meeting with people as in the spring 
and swnmer. 

Meeting Break Ice 
It is felt that meeting with the san1e people not 

just once, but several times, will break the ice 
more thoroughly and inslU"e complete un-
derstanding from both parties. In this way the 
University can establish itself in the community. 
Dr. Schultz, who has been active in the People-to-
People program since its beginning said, "I 
really think it's up to the students now, they have 
to keep it going even though there is no crisis." 

Although People-to-People is the only program 
of this nature in the San Diego area, similar 
programs have started in Riverside, San 
Francisco and the Bay area, and Los Angeles. 
The organization in Los Angeles is known as the 
Campus Committee to Bridge the Gap, and in-
cludes UCLA, Cal State Los Angeles, San Fer-
nando Valley state College, and some junior 
colleges. Informal ties have arisen between !be 
groups through their similar purpose, and more 
pt!rmanent lines of commWlication are being 
worked out. CONTROVERSIAL 

BOOK STORE 
1296-1560/ DIYERS 

1121 hlnnU, 

PAc~r~c 
YAMA~A 

complete sales 
& service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
I 1ill ,Ir .. t 1.1 

Iclfie ' .. c~ 274-6341 

-

LOOKING FOR BARGAINS IN 
DIVING EQUIPMENT? 

CHECK THESE PRICES! 

S 1.35 snorkel only $ 7Q 

NEW ENGLAND DIVERS,INC. 
3860 ROSECRANS ST. SAN DIEGO, CA. 92118 

298-0531 Aero .. from Whit. Front 

THIS AD WORTH DNE DECAL ptl CUSTOMER 
Triton Times October 13, 1970 Page 3 



On Campus, Friday Nigh-' 
What happens at UCSD on a Friday night? 

Nothing, you may say, but you'd be wrong. 
Plenty happens, it just depends on who 
you are and what you like to do- and 
whether you mind doing it alone or with 
members of the same sex. 

Revelle Plaza, for example, always has 
something going. At nine, a group of side-
burned students are playing Frisbe with 
a couple of kids. Playing, that is, until 
one of the brats follows the saucer into a 
dark corner and disappears with it. 

Later, three semi-freaks make an appear-
ance, replete with football and skateboard. 

They lake turns each streaking into the 
darkness, looking to haul in a long pass 
amid the sounds 01 whrring wheels. It looks 
like fun , of course, but lacks a certain 
sense of fulfiJJment. 

The brats return and pose with the semi-
freaks {above}. The brats, by the way, are 
really very nice; the younger one is named 
Sarah. 

There is not a hint of any wild parties, 
however, except one young chap so toned 
that there must be something nearby. I 
find him just standing in an elevator, 
letting the door open and shut against him. 
I feel sorry for th-.! poor dope because he 
really doesn't fit the scene this particular 
Friday night. We don't want to get him in 
trouble by telling exactly who he is, but 
hi picture is somewhere on this page. 

Probably the best bet for the evening is 
the folk d lnci ng in the gym. Attended 
equally by hoth sexes, people dance around 
to all sorts of ethnic mu ic: from Russian 
to Israeli .0 Oriental. These affairs are 
bi-weekly or, Monday and Friday nights. 

T here is also a happening of obsLure 
nature for J i iental stud ents in the Revelle 
cafeteria, bll t there is not enough light for 
pictures. 

Most of the other events are more private: 
a large Mor,opol y game (to which our photo 
does not do justi ce), a stag poker game, 
and one poor dor mie a lone with his guitar ID 
a j unk heap ("Oh yeah ," he expla ins, "I 
made the room mto this me s almo tim-
mediately. It doe n' t take long"). 

P0984 Triton Time, October 13, 1970 

Also three Blacks talking in Blake court-
yard. "Why am I taking your picture? The 
FBI wants it." Oops, wrong thing to say. 
I explain, and seem to interest them in 
joining the Triton Times staff. 

The meandering continues, coming eventu-
• ally to a coed lounge filled only with 
coeds. They have a beautiful psychedelic 

fish painted on the wall-which turns out 
to be a great sublimation. "We don't climb 
the walls," explains one second year 
student, "we just paint them." 

And so on. The photographer comes more 
and more to need one of these great sub-
limations, or something like it, himself; 
but instead quietly returns home to sleep. 

Photo. by John Zoller 

Third College Gets Off the Ground 
Owen Joyner 

Assoc. City Edifor 
While Revelle and Muir 

Colleges started up their ' 
educational machinery once 
again this fall, a new infant-
college quietly awakened beside 
them. Third College-born from 
a marriage of Third World 
leaders and lDIiversity planners 
through painstaking work and 
compromise-began to grow. 

The handbook says that Third 
College emphasizes " the 
education of minority students, 
and the study and alleviation of 
contemporary social 
problems." Now that Third 
College is no longer a plan but a 
live academic being, how do its 
new members feel about their 
school 's aspirations and 
directions? What are they 
getting out of a Third College 
education so far? 

Classes "Exciting, Sensitive" 
John Valdez is a teaching 

assistant for the class in 
communication skills which 
Third College freshmen are 
required to take. John describes 
the class as exciting and vital, 
and the students and faculty as 
ha vi ng a "characteristic 
sensitivity to social problems." 
He explains that the structure of 
the courses, "the influence of 
professors," and the "exposure 
to different people of different 
backgrounds" add up to a 
"cultural and academic enrich-
ment" which he sees as the 
purpose of education at Third 
College. As a teacher John 
plans later to return to the 
Mexican-American community, 
to pass on to others what he has 
learned. 

Replying to the white fear 
that Third College might 
become a hot-bed for radical 
activists, John explained, "We 
are all activists for something, 
the people here are activists for 
the betterment of their people." 

Laurie Alexander is a white 
student who attended San 
Fernando Valley High. Active 
in the Third World movement in 
high school, Laurie explained 
that she was disenchanted with 
the prospect of attending 
college, which she feels is a 
basically "racist institution." It 
was only after she discovered 
that Third College was "ex-
tending a hand to Third World 
people" that she decided to 
"give the university a chance." 

& JoUa 
&~Itt-tll 
kktt 

%259 A'-Ida DE LA PLAn 

PIIolll 459 - ,"5 

G,.e.,',s, 
',.~.e., 
••• ,s, 

Wi •• , I •• , 

Tired of learning "white history 
and men's history," Laurie 
hopes to achieve a different 
perspective of the world than 
the one she was taught in high 
school. She also values the 
personal experience of "learn-
ing how to share power with 
people" which she feels she can 

Mike Lyons 

accomplish at Third College. 
She points out that "most whites 
have never worked or lived with 
blacks before." 

TC "More Realistic" 
Mike Lyons is a freshman at ' 

Third College who is planning 
on going into law or journalism 
when he graduates. He explains 

. how he chose UCSD over other 
schools which had accepted him 
and finally Third College: 
because he felt the educational 
program was "more realistic 
than Revelle." He finds his 
courses useful ; the Science and 
Technology class flexible 
enough to be interesting and 
relevant. Referring to his 
Communications class, Mike 
considers " dealing with 
dialectics much better than 
English classes where you just 
sit and write compoSitions." 

The lowered academic 
standards for minorities have 
been cited by critics of Third 
College to be one of its most 
serious flaws. Mike refutes this, 
claiming that for blacks the 
main attraction of Third College 
was the financial assistance 
offered them, not the lower 
grade requirements. Most 
Black students, he says , were 
"accepted at other schools but 

..... • 11 •• t.ti ••• ry 
1ft •• teri.,. 

chose Third College because of 
the money." 

Aims "Relevant" 
Soni Ali came to Third College 

because of the College's "good 
plan of recruitment for black 
people" and because its aims as 
an institution were "relevant to 
people and to life." Soni, whose 
full name in Arabic means "the 
exalted liberator," feels 
strongly his identity with the 
Third World people; people, he 
explains, as being all those 

Third College is not just like 
any other college. It reflects 
more realistically than perhaps 
any other institution, the social 
enigmas which contemporary 
civilization faces today. Two 
weeks old now, Third College 
begins to grow. The next two 
weeks, the next two years, will 
be a critical period for the 
students and faculty of Third 
College who are very anxious to 
see the new educational con-
cepts work. 

"victims of European ex-
·pansionism." Soni is optimistic .......... ". 
that Third College can provide 
the tools to deal with the 
problems facing the Third 
World people." 

Asked how he felt the 
relations between the various 
racial groups were coming 
along, Soni smiled and said 
"beautiful" . He went on to point 
out that " If there is any 
pro blems in Third College in 
terms of antagonism it will be 
because of white people 's 
hangups." Laurie Alexander 

Support the 
CRISIS 
~ENTER 
239-0325 

Death Tolls . 
WASHINGTON - (CPS)-

Total U.S. deaths in the Indo-
china war have climbed to 
52 ,061 , according to latest 
figures from the U.S. Depart-
ment of Defense. This includes 
43,568 deaths "resulting from 
action from hostile forces ," and 
8,493 from other causes, such as 
helicopter accidents. 114,096 
Saigon government troops have 
been killed, along with 4,060 
other U.S. allies. The Defense 
Department claims 668,874 
North Vietnamese and NLF 
soldiers have lost their lives, 
bringing the death total for the 
war to 839,091, not including 
civilians and nwnerous troops 
in Laos and Cambodia. 

hU •• rk e.r •• 
,.rt, ,0'.' 

MOVIES - FRIDAY NITE 
FLICKS, 8 p.m., "Alice in 
Wonderland" presented by the 
Del Mar Association in the gym. 

Sherwood Hall in La Jolla, 7 
and 9 p.m. An Ingmar Bergman 
film, "The Ritual" and two 
shorts, "The Machine" by Wolf-
gang Urchs, and "Dialog" by 
Diragutin VWlak will be shown. 
$1.50 for students. 

SPORTS - 12 noon, PE Class-
room, The Bicycle Club will 
hold its organizational meeting. 
For further information call Pat 
Reardon, 453-8861. 

r011l1ll tri, 

IIOI1h coast stationers •• ky. un .... ..i,.i un 
.... h •• t478 121 lIorth hi •• w., 101 .olan. blac. 

755 -4123 

offici •• ,.lill 

Frank 
Scalfone 
2000 Song Aepertol .. 
Aock - Folk - Country - Soul 
Tuesday Ihru Saturday Evenings 

Tour the circu it 01 sounds 
l ennon, Donovan. Redd ing, 
Jalleroon Alrptane , 
Tune up wIth. man who knows 
and has thl tou(:h 0' soul. 
Got It all togather With Fronk Sc.llone 
at the Grand PII •• 6th and B Downtown 

~!IDmE~ 
"Wh.r. meaningful friendshIps begln ·t 

lunch 11 AM • 8 PM Entertainment & Drinks 9 PM • 2 AM 

jet chrt.r. 
c .... eti •• fIi •••••• 

.iI •• '.r •.••• iI • . 
."' ..... k ..... I. ••• Cllcltt. 

for inforllation 
ClII 

or wrill 
iii lilt 

cllunitt .. 

' .0. hx 2541 
Itlnford ulif . 

14305 
(41!i1 "1-2571 

~ 
II. w., llil." 

............ ' ••• 11 •••• 1 ••• ~ 

PSA tel Is 
ucSan 
where 
!Ggo: San FranCISco. San Jose Oakland. Sacramento. Los 

.IAnOel!!S Hottywood· 
Burbank. and Ontano 

So go Fr~m San Diego 
Cal l your campus rep 

travel ageht or PSA 

gtYes,)'OII a 11ft •. 

HOME SWEET HOME What kind of people live in this cas tle? Well, there's a King with a 
magnificent obsession (to say nothing of 
his tight ). There's a volup tuou Iy en-
dowed Queen (and they certainly do make 
a grea t pair) . A Princess, who although 
chubby, is de cribed by her clo e friend 
as "grossly obese" ... and fir ally a Prince 
w ho la t year danced in " Swcln Lake" and 
th is.year hope to do " Peter and the WoIL" 
Weirdos? Don' t ban on it. Lo k or the 
Royal Family on the can . Ii ••• .. 

Triton Times October 13, 1970 P0geS 



triton tiD1.es 
""""'"' of CM.IIIo. .... DIop 

~ ...... ~-17141 ""_, _t. 10,., --. .. ~ 1011 
Haywood GoMIIIOfI, Editor ·in·Chlef Jeff F,ied, lu';", .. Mo...,g., 

n. opinlonl e.prelUd .............. Irt those of tilt IUtIIon 
...... MIMI I"..r ill .... lIyllnn Ind do not 1IK"lIrlly 
mild .... views of .... 'TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to 
sullmlt mlterilll to be publllhlcl on theM "'1" lhould send It to 
tilt Edltorlll Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 8i11ke HIli, UCSD. 

Retraction 
A mOlt serious error appeared on Ihe" pages lalt 

Friday for which we humbly apologize to Dean 
Poscual Martinez and Professor Jack Douglas. 

Dean Martinez did IIOt write the article appearing 
under his byline in " A New Way of Acting" . Instead, 
the article printed was written by Profelsor Douglal. 

S.omewhere, somehow, at sometime, the stories were 
SWitched and the culprit il still on the TRITON 
TIMES most-wanted list. ' 

In the meantime, our editor will receive all the 
nasty notes and comments while nervously musing: 
" Well, the Mets had it tough for a while , too. " 

Save The University 
Jack Douglas 

The article by carl Neiburger of Sept. 29, 1970 
on the Committee to Save the University was ~ 
good attempt to deal with a very complex and 
controversial subject in an objective fashion. 
However, there are some crucial points which I 
believe need to be clarified for the UCSD com-
munity. First, the charge of Provost Saltman 
that some of our actions have been like those of 
the radicals is both false and riduclous. It is false 
because the crucial problem of radical activism 
has been the use of violence and threats of 
violence to achieve their aims, as everyone 
knows. If the radicals simply insisted on com-
municating with the American public via the 
mass media, or with talking with the governor or 
the Regents, almost every member of our group 
would applaud their initiative and constructive 
actions. Indeed, I personally believe in free 
speech very strongly and I urge everyone to 
communicate with the public, the governor, and . 
the Regents. (One thing the governor said was 
that no faculty member ever bothered before to 
call him and ask him what he really believes, 
though many of those same people have attacked 
him on the basis of false newspaper accounts.) 

DiacussloDB Not UDusual 
It is false also because their has been nothing 

at all tmusual about our discussions with the 
Regents. How many dozens of times in the past 
year have McGill, Saltman, and others gone on 
television and to the newspapers to express the 
official administration view of the "truth?" The 
fact, as presented in my long public statement 
about "Talks With the Regents: The Facts," is 
that the Regents asked us to give them our views 
about the needs of the University; and the 
governor asked us to talk with him about the 
need to end the political influences on the 
University, both from inside aDd outside. I 
strongly believe it is the duty of every member of 
the University to give his views on these crucial 
issues. Third, the charge is false because it is 
absolutely not true that we are not working 
through "normal c'lannels". We have many 
actions pending thrc ugh normal administrative 
and Senate channeh. Moreover, to the extent 
that we are in favol- of changing any rules of 
procedure, we are dling so entirely through the 
legal procedures of the University. 

Second, Professor Jackson 'S elplt:SSEd fear 
that "Regents may JSe the committee to divide 
and conquer" is si.nply strange. In the first 
place, this assum!s that the Regents are 
somehow at war ,/lUl the Academic Senate. 

Want to write-
see-

Rich Heimlich 
T. T. City Editor 

S~ce the Academic Senate doesn 't even legally 
eXIst unless the Regents allow it to, and since it 
doesn't have one penny in operating funds unless 
the .Regents approve it and ask the legislature 
for It, what could that charge possibly mean? In 
spite of my high esteem for Professor JackSon 
and my deep respect for his academic abilities, I 
fear he may have given way here to some of the 
ill-informed paranoia that is all too common 
these days. I strongly urge Professor Jackson to 
talk with the Regents to find that the Regents are 
not at war with us, that many of them have 
devoted large parts of their lives to our welfare 
for no recompense at all, that they fight the 
legislature every year in our behalf (even when 
we have failed in our duty of keeping partisan 
politics out of the classroom and off the floor of 
the Academic Senate). 

Third, I believe Professor Jackson's fear that 
some people will think we represent more people 
than we do is the opposite of the truth. Because 
so many faculty members are simply afraid to 
speak out, or because they are afraid of being 
attacked as "racist-fascistlligs" for standing up 
for academic standards, the grave danger is that 
our real strength, our real support among those 
who are afraid to speak out, will be grossly 
underestirnated-except when we can get votes 
by mail-ballot, in which case we will probably 
win aU votes. 

Fourth, it isnot at all true that I have not at all 
times separated my own actions, such as writing 
books, articles, letters and so on, from those of 
my actions as Chainnan of the CSU. There was 
never any basis for such confusion and such 
charges have been made only by our enemies 
who want to depict us as a "right-wing cabal with 
no real faculty support." We have never acted as 
a cabal and we have very solid, demonstrated, 
explicit support from almost all the responsible 
and courageous members of the faculty. Our 
only problem is that the combination of 
responsibility and courage is not more common, 
but I think it will be found to be a solid majority 
when we use mail ballots. 

Fifth, the statement made by Provost Watson 
is both confusing and false, but I will not go into 
them here because they are in response to my 
personal struggle against the destruction of 
academiC standards and the politicization within 
the Third College. The CSU has never taken an 
official position on Third College, though our 
principles would obviously oppose any form of 
politicization that might occur. 

The University faces a grave crisis, both from 
the politization within and the angry attacks 
from without. The CSU has been organized to 
create more effective, legal, and moral action by 
the responsible faculty and administrators to 
solve the crisis, and thereby, to save the 
University from destruction. Ow' society and our 
world desperately need the objective knowledge 
the University can provide. We invite. the sup-
port, the \"vvveration, ana the reaponslble criU-
cism of all who share that belief and that goal. 

Pa9,6 Triton Times October 13, 1970 

Positive Social 
Change Now 

Edmundo Ruiz 
Editor's Note: 

Edmundo Ruiz is a transfer student from San Diego 
State College . He is chairman of MECHA CENrRAL, an 
organization of representatives fram MECHA aroups ar 
UCSD, State College, and the ;unior colleges in the area . 

I was looking through the TRITON TIMES when I came 
across an article on a recent speech given by William Buckley. 
As a Brown man, I feel there are a couple of points in Mr. 
Buckley's speech that should be expounded upon from the 
minorities' point of view. 

Buckley made a statement that went like this: "Minority 
disruptions inevitably hurt the majority. If the electorate loses 
faith in education as a result of these disruptions then many will 
suffer." The only thing I can gather from this statement is that 
Brown and Black people should sit idly by and let all economic 
assistance programs that are necessary for us be taken away. 
That we should let our Brown and Black studies be restructured 
to keep perpetrating lies about our true identity. That we should 
return to our barrios and ghettos to let this system exploit us the 
way it exploited our Brown and Black parents in the true 
traditions of the "American Way." 

Violence for Attention 
, Buckley complains about the over-generalizations of the far' 

left . Let us look at the over-generalizations of Buckley's far 
right. Asked if violence wasn't the only way to gain attention to 
some social problems in America, Buckley seemed surprised 
and answered, "Eldridge Cleaver wrote a book, a best seller, 
which may be part of your curriculum (Soul on Ice) . James 
Baldwin regularly has publishers competing for his works." Mr. 
Buckley does not mention that Baldwin was writing books long 
before Cleaver wrote Soul On Ice, and still nothing was being 
done about our inhuman treatment and conditions. Helen Heiut 

wro~ a bo,ok entitled. RamODa ~fore the turn of the century, 
dealmg With the plight of Chicanos. Nothing resulted in. 
resolving the problems of Chicanos. It surely didn't keep the 
Texas Rangers from staining their boots with the blood 9f my 
people. 

Change Now 
It is not attention to social problems that we are concerned 

with, but rather SOCIAL CHANGE. The only thing that social 
attention to Brown·and Black disenfranchisement is going to do 
is serve as a conversation topiC on Friday and Saturday nights 
for White people . Your sitting there having martinis or smoking 
dope and dropping pills does us no good. We want change and we 
want it right now. If we are moving a little too quickly for this 
racist country of ours try living in logan Heights, San Ysidro, or 
Eden Gardens and feeding famUlies of six and eight on $3,000 a 
year or the crumbs of welfare. 

You see we don't want violence and we do not want social 
attention , we want social change. As a veteran, I deplore 
violence, but as a human being I will use all avenues open to me 
to stand on my feet with dignity in a society that has denied it to 
me from birth . 

If you are truly a$ concerned about your education, as I am as 
concerned about mine, let us come together to bring about 
positive social change that will be beneficial to all mankind. But, 
if the extent of your commitment is just social attention about 
reading a few books for curiosity's sake, (by the way we are not 
curiosity pieces for discussion and display like at a zoo) , then 
how could I ever have any concern for your education if you 
show none for mine? 

" It's better to die on your feet, than to live on your knees." 
(Emiliano Zapata) 

A N w Way of Acting 
Pascual Martinez 

Editor's Not.: 

Pascual Martinez is the Dean o!llidenits 
at Third College. Traditionally tIiI()fficer 
has made contact between aWIII.oro,rmn 

In Third College we all share in 
becoming students, in being students, in 
search of what is real. Accumulations of 
facts surround us-we have a multitude of 
facts. Perhaps what we need is not just 
more facts, but a new or at least different 
way of seeing-and a new way of acting. 
The traditional image of the title and 
position of dean, then, may not be as im-
portant as is perceived by more traditional 
structures. I don't like to be addressed to 
as "Dean Martinez." Perhaps for 
organizational identification as to function 
in comparison with other structures, yes, 
but only for that. 

College as a whole-given we are all 
~ssentially learning mutually with mutual 
mvolvement, participation and decision-
making. I view Third College as a com-
munity-becoming-being process in 
awareness and interaction. Living 
together" wor~ng together, learning to 
gether WIth varIOus functions as students 
faculty, staff in dedicated involvement 
with the creation of this community will be 
the rewardir g excitement and the 

fr~ating,. problem at our inception. 
Settmg up procedures, structural policies 
that remain livingly flexible without 
ossification, is an immediate concern. 

and students easier. For 
he has often been 
"disciplinarian" by students. 
never any doubt as to where 
in this contact. However, '1'1.:,_,-.." 
was heavily influenced by 
planning and de 
guidance is a joint 
administration venture. Dean 
has written a column in which he 
the question : "How do you view 
job, do you have a goal or ideal 
work oward?" 

I like your choosing the 

Role Emphasized Counseling 

rather than "position." TiUe andllosiltion 

Specifically, I see my role of service to 
Third College students as one Which 
emphasizes counseling-and this to me 
means primarily facilitating discovery of 
self for self-determination in long-range 
goals, immediate aims and new tasks. I! 
see myself as a catalyst in problem-facing 
and in directional solutions to problems. 
Underlying this is the conviction that 
students have the ability to make decisions 
about themselves and for themselves that 
lead to growth and development. 

. Creating a college that begins to exist for 
Itself sounds great in certain aspects. 
However, I feel we must avoid establishing 
a structure that eventually turns out to be 
a situational predicament of the students 
existing for the college and not the college 
existing for the students. How much 
organizational structure, what kind of 
structure that remains student-based as to 
student needs is the paradoxical 
predicament that I mentioned before: 
permanency and fluxidity at the same 
time. It is much like the development of a 
person. 

mean less to me than my fun 
flow out of me as a person: 
at." "Where I am at" is the ua."nc:"U~It/; 
of "administering," which 
be of service. As Dean of 
would mean for me to be of 
students in their needs 
development and experimental tJltllninl~­
beings. 
Ufe, the living process is, evolu~lonaJ~Y 

a life-long process of "being .,..~~;~" , 
and "becoming being." It is 
predicament of paradoxical 
permanency about the 
remains constant and at 

It sounds elementary, but often adults 
and particularly those in authority-
poSitions tend to "daddy" students: "I am 
older, with far more experience-therefore 
let me tell you what is best for you-for 
your own good, of course." Sometimes 
students want to de "daddied"-but it has 
to be their decision and with the awareness 

th~t this is what is happening 

Patience, Acceptance Necessary 
Struggle and pain will be concomitant 

filth t~e ~xciteme~t and joy of self-
determmatlOn and discovery. We will need 
patience and acceptance on the part of the 
rest .of t?e_campusas well as support and 
helpmg mterest. ~ far in my own contacts 
with other personnel on this campus I have 
found that. 

continual fluxidity in 
manner . Existentially 

, while evolving to 
, Becoming real, being real, is ir>Ah.&"",."h 
: for what is real. Somehow 
: consciousness of person 

existence: stable and 
flowing ; universal and 
and dignity; provincial and 

An assumption of self-decision carries 
self-consequences. We don't always like 
the consequence of decisions and we tend 
to look for scapegoats or "daddy-figures" 
on whom to put the blame or to label as the 
"saviors." Catalyst, facilitator for self-
direction and self-decision on a personal, 
group, organizational level for students is 
a principal role for me. 

It is unfortunate that existing social 
paranoia keeps interrupting our con-
centration on the immediate tasks at hand 
in order to respond to apocryphal ac-
cusations and to dispel apocalyptic I 
phantoms that continue to ride horses 
proclaiming impending doom. I feel we 
are the now-creation of a "what-is-real" 
community of learning that demands 
concentration on basic becoming-human-
being . That's where I feel it's at. regard and status. 

Role Applies to Third College 
This role would also apply to the Third 

AICapp 
Jim Sills 

In the last few years, UCSD 
has had its share of barbarian 
incidents. Among the most 
repulsive have been the 
heckling and shouting down of 
public speakers. One recalls the 
travail of Jess Unruh last May 
as his address was repeatedly 
interrupted. There was the 
scene of Professor Orr 's 
inaugural lecture two years ago 
disrupted by the Nazi tactics of 
UCSD's leading barbarians. 
Even students have been vic-
timized, as at the strike 
meetings last year. Anyone who 
spoke against further building 
take-overs was hooted down. 

So what? So we may see a 
repeat of this behavior tonight 
when conservative AI Capp 
speaks in the UCSD gym at 8:00. 

Capp, the creator and artist of 
"Vii Abner", has turned 

against college students 
use violence or break the 
His pungent rhetorical 

is the kind most likely to 
out UCSD's barbarian 

Ipo,ON/11I of revolutionaries: 
taught that, in a 

the other side, 
they're cops, or con-
workers, or other kids 

Guard uniforms-
fight back. And when they 

the half-baked 
ItvoMilonaries cry their hearts 

triton tillles 
Editor-in-Chier .. , Ga mmon 

City Editor ......... , . .... Ri ch H ei mli ch 
Managing Editor .... . . ' . . . .... Mike Klayer 
Copy Editor ..•..... . ' ... .. Chuck Graham 
Business Manager .. . .. ' . . . ...... J err Fried 
Editorial Director ... . ' ... . naoul Contrera 
A sociate City Editors . . Joyner, John Maxwell 
Arts Editor ....... . . ' .... ... T l; rry Barak 
Spor ts Editor .••... . . ' .... .. Ro ky Halfon 
Photography Editor. . .. . .... .. John Zaller 
Contributing Edilor ... ' . . .. .. Steve Landau 

Th. TIIITON TIMES i. officially 
newspop .. by the i 
Son Diego. Building 250, 
Publicolion is "" ice w"kly on 
in room 117, Bloke Hall, on lhe 
A53·2ooo, XlOI7, for ,diloriol or 

and supported as a sludenl 
of the University of California, 

10 Jolla, California 92037. 
Fridays. Offic •• are loco led 

For Advertising phone 
~1016 , 

On one 's condition as a college 
student : 

" ... when a college student 
registers as one, it is his con-

fession to the world that he 
~eeds four more years of its 
mdulgence and charity before he 
can contribute anything to It." 
On Yale President Kingman 
Brewster: . 

" At Yale when Kingman 
Brewster said that no black 
man could get a fair trial in the 
state of Connecticut, what he 
alSo said, in effect, was that 
there weren't twelve honest 
white men in the state of Con-
necticut. Now racism is racism 
no matter which race it is 
directed against." 

Of Black students and ad-
mission standards : 

" Black students here 
( Princeton) aren't treated as 
men are; they're indulged as 
pets are . In infinite, and often 
almost invisible ways, they are 
given the special treatment one 
gives to those one considers 
inferior." 

Obviously, these are the sort 
of sentiments likely to provoke 
angry responses from many 
students. Most students, 
however, will find the restraint 
In hear the man out. UCSD's 
barbarians are encumbered by 
no such restraint. Has the time 
finally corne when an unpopular 
speaker can be politely heard at 
UCSD? If Capp is heckled, only 
the corporate disapproval of the 
other students present will stop 
the barb8}'ians. Will you lilteD 
to AI Capp? Will you be able 
to? Come to the Gym tonight at 
8:00 and find out. 

T weedledum and 
Tweedledee 

Carol Pope 
Last Spring students ef-

fectively protested U.S. in-
volvement in Cambodia and 
coupled this with demands for 
the freedom and time to par-
ticipate in the Fall's cam-
paigns. The election is a month 
away and there is a desperate 
need for volunteer help in many 
areas. One may argue that 
there are no candidates worth 
supporting, and perhaps there 
is some validity to this claim. 
However, Reagan has left no 
doubt about his position in 
California vis a vis the 
University, young people, the 
draft, ecology, big business, etc. 
Another four years of this man 
will effectively destroy much 
that is irreplaceable and good in 
California. We do not know 
whether Jess Unruh will follow 
a parallel course, but his voting 
record and his personal 
statements indicate that he is 
aligning himself with interests 
and groups which are con-
siderably more sympathetic to 
those causes which generate 
particular interest in the 
academic community. The 
same is true of Tunney. 

" Tweedledum and 
Tweedledee" is an "in" phrase, 
but let's not be caught in 
cliches. It does not take a great 
deal of perception to tell the 
difference between these 
candidates. And, though we 
might all wish we were electing 
Ceasar OJavez (or his like) to 
office, he is not running this 
year, and people like him will 

Beyond Politics 
William H. Stoddard 

At present, the _ usual approach to political 
opinion is to regard it as a spectrum from left to 
right. The left is understood as wanting change, 
the fight as wanting to resist change or reverse 
it. Both groups are committed to political 'action 
with the exercise of power in pursuit of 'public 
goals' as their basic mode of operation. Both 
would agree that there are public goals to be 
pursued. The basic inadequacy of this vision is 
that it fails to include the idea of simply not 
having any public goals, of making everything a 
matter of private choice and of making it 
possible for people to protect themselves from 
being involved in other people's programs. 
Specifically, neither side pays much attention to 
the possibilities of anarchism or of laissez-faire 
capitalism. Both are essentially oriented not 
toward dragging people into some program set 
up and maintained by coercion, but toward at-
taining for each individual the greatest possible 
sphere in which to act privately, or in voluntary 
cooperation with others, toward abolishing 
public goals rather than extending them. 

At one time there was some serious considera-
tion of free enterprise on the right and of anar-
chism on the left, along with some exchange of 
ideas between the two groups, both believing in 
the natural rightsofthe individual. But, that was 
a long time ago. At present both groups have 
essentially forgotten about natural rights and 
individual liberty, finding them encumbrances 
r ather than aids to getting into power. In 
essence, our age takes it for granted that people 
should want power. Anyone who doesn't is hard 
to classify, and not of public importance. 

But, political thought has three directions, not 
two-the advocacy of preventing change by vio-
l~nce, the advocacy of destroying tradition by 
VIolence, and the advocacy of abandoning 
violence. Right and left accuse each other of 
being violent. Both have a great deal of justifica-
tion. The center doesn't come out any better and 

the idea of a peaceful avoidance of extremes 
becomes hollow when you look at extorted taxes, 
schools devoted to indoctrination, outmoded 
standards of morality forced on people by law, 
wars fought by armies of slaves, constant 
pressure-group warfare distinguished from that 
of dictatorships only by being a little less deadly 
at present, and the disintegration of initiative 
into sterile conformity in the name of "con-
sensus." This can't be changed as long as anyone 
or any group tries to set up some goal as superior 
to individual judgment. 

The only way to abandon the myth of public 
goals as a survival from the old Stone Age is to 
recognize human diversity and creativity, and to 
create by private action a society which has 
room for their fullest development-a society 
where men are free of public goals. 

The ideology which makes this possible is that 
of libertarianism-a viewpoint which synthe-
sizes the ideas of anarchism and of laissez-faire 
capitalism. Both systems of ideas were created 
by men devoted to securing the liberty of the 
individual against the tyranny of other men, and 
to creating a society where each person could 
discover and realize his own visions of the life 
proper to man . It isn 't surprising that' these 
viewpoints should be almost lost at present ; our 
age is collecting the accumulated violence and 
hatred of a hundred generations, and nobody 
would be aided in the criminal enterprise of 
holding power over other people by ideologies 
which seek to create a society in which power 
has been abandoned. But, none of us is compelled 
to give his support to one side or the other of this 
society's barricades ; we have the power to go 
beyond left and right, and to make the liberty of 
the individual a standard to which the wise and 
honest can repair. Lumped together by power 
and conflict, we can have nothing better than the 
lives of animals; given room for independence, 
we can achieve, for the first time, lives worthy of 
human beings. 

11/ 
<.::>OO1)S't'f:: , C~UfL VJO~LD (" 

never be able to run suc-
cessfully unless you get rid of 
the Reagans, the Agnews, the 
Murphys. We can not say that 
we tried once and lost in 
Chicago , and that the 
traditional party structures are 
corrupt. There have been in-
creasing numbers of those who 
are no longer willing to com-
promise, and would rather 
support a futile case which 
allows them to maintan our 
idealism and integrity. But, we 
have fallen into an establish-
ment trap. If they can dismiss 
us from establishment politics, 
they can formulate their 
policies with little or no concern 
for our position, knowing that 
we will either boycott the polls 
or support a number of (!tile 
candidates. 

Reconsider your own position. 

It is difficult togo into the 
community. The hostility to 
students is real Reagan has 
seen to that. On the other hand, 
if we want a revolution in the 

Attention-
Opinionated 
People: 

political structure we can either The TR ITON TIMES 
destroy it, or we can penetrate invites a II members of 
the system, and by the force of the campus community 
our energ.y and numbers, force to express their opinions 
Its evolution. . through columns pub-

If you have any Ideas on r h d h 
tactics, or if you would like to IS e on t ese p~g~s and 
volunteer to do almost to reply to the opinions of 
anything, please call 755-1682, ot~ers and comme~t 
demo cratic headquarters briefly on news events In 
Solana Beach and Del Mar U Letters to the Editor. 
p.m.; or calI7~547 or 753:a8()] Leliel ~ ~huuld be d~ bl i~f 
anytime . We are particularly in as possible, preferably 
need of people willing to do (1 ) less than 200 words, nd 
people to people type dialogue; signed by their authors. 
(2) research on the propositions They should be sent to the 
and candidates; (3) leg work, Editorial Director, TRI-
i.e. Circulating literature TON TIMES, 117 Blake 
handbills etc. ' Hall, UCSD. 

_ ...... ------Triton Times October 13, 1970 Page 1 



Cross Country Wins After 
Foes No-Show 

Gay Smith 

Last Satw-day, UCSD was scheduled to rWl a dual meet 
against La Verne and Cal Lutheran, a meet that had been 
scheduled and confinned dw-ing the summer. Much to Coach 
Andy Skief's sw-prise, neither La Verne or Cal Lutheran showed 
up, for one reason or another. 

The meet started oHon the wrong foot, but ended up ok. 
Olmpeting against S.D. track and field senior and B teams, the 
UC runners placed first . 

The race itself tw-ned out to be outstanding for the UCSD 
rWlners . Ed Avol ran an excellent race for a new school record 
on the 4.6 mile cow-se. Beating the old record of 27 : 16 by 46 
seconds, Ed ran a beautiful 26 :30! The race was a close one 
between Bob DeLeonardis and Ed Avol-Bob rWlning in the lead 
for the first three miles, stride"for-stride for the following mile; 
and finally, the last half mile, Ed pulled ahead to win by 11 
seconds. The meet's finale occw-ed when the team voted Jerry 
King the new team captain. Next Satw-day's meet will be held 
against Pasadena at Pasadena. (Hopefully, Pasadena will show 
up. ) 

Many start for cross country but the first go to UCSD. 

Cheerleaders 
. Any girls with cheerleading experience interested in promoting 

the basketball team at UCSD".Please contact Beth Josi or 
Barbara Dw-bin ext. 2283 or stop by Phys. Ed offices. 

-Special Services 
Values and Culaure-East & West 

Confrontation of Taoist, Buddhist Confuscean 
values with values in the Western World. Zen, 
theory and practice. Sex, love, death and the 
Yin Yang theory. 

Oct lS-0ct 22- 0ct 29- Nov 12 

Sponso.red by: Office of Rel igious AHiars, UCSD 
Instructors: To Thi Anh Time: 7:30 
Place: lounge--University lutheran Church 

Free-·Free-Free-Free-

STAMP OUT ~ 
DULL DORMS 1 
rug. of oil siu. 
4" 1 .15 1,.9 *29 () I dAN'S MAGIC CARPETS 

ORIENTAL CARPETS · ORIGINAlS AND REPAOOUCTIONS 
.. 27 LA JOLLA BLVD LA IOLLA CALIFORNIA TEl .4at ·1474 

Page 8 Tri ton Time. October 13, 1970 

Ringwood Represents Tritons in Australia 
"A group of guys get together 

OIl Saturdays, have a few beers, 
and then play rugby," said 
UCSD rugby player John 
Ringwood concerning the 
sporting attitude that he wit-
nessed while participating in a 
five-week program in New 
Zealand and Australia this 
summer. 

Ringwood, a senior, joined 
representatives of rugby teams 
from all of the UC campuses in 
this learning experience. Under 
the leadership of UCLA rugby 
coach Dennis Storer, the U.S. 
players played with and against 
the New Zealand and Aussie 
players. _ 

"We were helped by them in 
rugby technique and ex-
perience. But we also helped 
them, since we 've adopted 
football techniques to rugby 
that have successful which the 
New Zealanders and Aussies 
didn't know about," said 
Ringwood. 

Rugby, along with soccer, is 
played and is followed with a 
fanatical fervor in both New 
Zealand and Australia, said 
Ringwood. 

"But it's more of a club set-up 
there than a fierce contest. 
Afterwards players from both 
teams get together for a party. 
On the field; however, they're 
very competitive," he added. 

Ringwood said the New 
Zealanders and the Aussies 
were very cooperative. 'lbey're 
very outdoors people and this 
leads to their addiction to 
games like rugby and soccer, 
pointed out Ringwood. 

Ringwood was picked 

because the members of the 
UCSD rugby team felt someone 
with his limited experience 
would benefit more by the trip. 
He has been playing for only 
two years , 

He feels that rugby is qulckly 
catching on as a participant 
sport in the U.S. There are 
presenUy 100 rugby clubs in 
California . 

"Anyone can play it over 
here. There's as much contact 
as you want," said Ringwood. 

Rugby produces more seriOlla 
injuries than football becau. 
the players do not wear pods. 
However, there is a less cbanc:e 
for any injury in rugby tbIIIo 
there is in football becallle of 
the absence of much direct 
contact. 

Ringwood made this ~ 
ment on the rugby aperlenc:e, 
"If you're afraid of contact, It'~ 
not the best sport in the WCH'ld.', 

Busy Kickers 
Avvait Weekend 

Fred Grunewald 
On Wednesday, October 14 at 

3 p.m., the UCSD soccer team 
will attempt to win their first 
game of the season when they 
oppose USIU, formerly Cal 
Western. The game, which will 
be played on the home field, 
promises to be a close and 
rough contest. 

The goalies view, will feature scenes like this. 
A win for the Tritons would 

provide a great morale boost for 
the UCSD as it prepares to 
travel to UC Berkeley for the 

View FromTheRoc 
Rocky Hatron 
Sports Editor 

Last Spring the PE Department at UCSD 
struck upon the idea of giving half a Wlit for a PE 
class, a very daring and innovative move at ow-
brain-wracked campus. For a few so-so reasons 
the big boys in Sacramento decided this was not 
to be.(Arfulldescriptionof what took place will be 
seen in ow- Friday edition.) In any case, the 
result was that the PE Department was caught 
in a bind for Fall Quarter registration. 

Putting a lot of hope on getting some units for 
the people taking cow-ses , the department was 
not included in the fall calendar because of the 
uncertainty of the half Wlit. Consequently, as of 
the start of the quarter , there would be none 
registered for PE. 

When word came finally that no Wlits would be 
given, the people of this little-appreciated 
department took charge. They immediately sent 
out flyers and riders on the study packets; they 
decided for an open registration and they hoped. 

The outcome of this last-minute registration 
was a complete success. Registration soared by 
50 percent over last year. The big drawing cards 
this year for PE are; coed volleyball , tennis, 
judo, karate, surfing and gymnastics. 
Volleyball, coached by Bary Cunningham and 
Andy Skief, has been steadily rising as a PE 
course. with an enrollment of 25 or more. 

Karate and judo, also very large classes, are 
usually the first to be closed because of their high 
popul arity. Discipline and proper sense of 
defense is stressed by those who teach it. 

Tennis coached by Beth Josie Is responsible 
for taking over all the cow-ts (usually every time 
I want to play)-this is because she always has a 

capacity enrollment. 
Swimming, skin.mving and sw-fing are all 

jam-packed, since they are so useful at ow-
southern California coastline. 

The PE Department has been doing an ex-
cellent job providing a bit of excercise for ow-
sagging bodies and at the same time some 
academic compensation. The emphasis is on 
enjoyment and learning things which should 
always go hand in hand. 

annual All Cal Tow-nament, 
from Thursday to Saturday. 
The first-round game promises 
to be very instructive, as UCSD 
will face UCLA which features 
six members of the Ethiopian 
olympic team. The remaining 
two games at the All Callare a 
real toss-up, with the Tritons in 
a position to win both games. 
Last year, UCSD won one and 
lost two, placing 7th out of eight 
teams. 

The Tritons are looking 
forward to playing USIU in 
games 2 and 3 in the All Cal. Up 
to now, the local kickers have 
had extremely tough com-
petiton. After a very good 
performance against West-
mont, the Tritons lost 6 to 0 
against SDS, hoping to compete 
at the national championship, a 
feat which eluded them last 
year by a mere corner kick. 
USIU cannot be considered a 
pushover, for they have been 
recruiting extensively 
throughout California high 
schools. 

Probable starters lor Wed-
nesday 's game are : Goal 
keeper , Fred Newman ; 
Fullbacks, Doug Smith, Hugo 
Flores, Jim Carrington and Ray 
Carrillo; Halfbacks, Frank 
Beverly, Dennis Engleand, and 
Andy Rubin; and Forwards, 
Fransisco LWla, David liss, 
Carlos Robles , Fred Grunwald, 
Carlos Witman and Stuart 
Hayes. 

The game will start at 3:00 
promptly on Wednesday af-
ternoon on the soccer field west 
of Matthews. 

us 
help 

I~mar 
Bergman's 
The 
Ritual 
Playing 

" ... one of Bergman's most personal works ... " - N.Y. Times 
.. .. . perfect fare for his legion of admirers." - Boxolfice 
" ... speaks powerfully of alienation, of the barriers to human communication , of 
man's hidden lusts and insecurities and unacknowledged fears." - Saturday Review 

A troupe of itinerant players accused of performing a public obscenity, are Int,errogated by !I Kafkaesque 
Judge in his chambers. Soon both the Judge and the accused are entangled In a nightmarish fantasy in 
which Bergman comments on today'. themes of obscenity and censorship_ 

Friday and Saturday, October 16 & 17 
SHERWOOD H~LL 

700 Prospect Street 
La Jolla 

Tickets now on sale at the La Jolla Museum of Art 
$2.00 General admission / $1 .50 students 

Triton Times October 13, 1970 Poge9 



UCSD Art Gallery Opens 
Bobbie Fink 
Arts Wriler 

Can abstract expressionism and realism exist together in 
simple peace and hannony? Leonard &cour, collector of 
American art, apparently thinks so as one can tell by viewing 
his collection on display at the UCSD Art Gallery. 

&cour's collection consists of art from the 1930's to the 1960's 
executed by various American artists. It covers various periods 
from Realism to Abstract Expressionism. 

Some works depict the humor of the artists in the various 
periods. For example, one painting is of a chorus line of nude 
women superimposed upon each other. Another is of "Mother," 
a chubby woman with long red curly hair, wearing a see·through 
dress. 

Many of these paintings appear to be at odds with each other. 
For example, a painting of a Buddy Poppy seller is hanging 
directly across from a suggestive surrealistic painting of a 
black glob which resembles man and a squiggle which 
resembles an embryo. Surely the artist of each work would have 
been appalled at the others' use of paint and canvas, and it 
seems curious that an individual collector would be interested 
enough in both types of art to want to own eumples of each. One 
reason for the variety in &cour's collection is related to his 
'profession (dealing in art supplies). If an artist did not have 
enough money to pay for paint. &colli" would trade supplies for 
art works. 

Many of the paintings create a mood, not a acene. Some are 
studies in color and others in brush strokes. "Pastoral," a study 
in greens and reds, creates the atmosphere of peace and 
tranquility. The people in the painting seem to melt into the 
background. thus giving the feeling of being lost in nature. In, 
other paintings the artist creates a motif by looking at a scene, 
discarding what is uninteresting. and painting parts of what is 
left. This gives the viewer the feeling of what is there without 
showing it to him. One example of this mode is a painting which 
shows the leg of a chair. part of a vase with flowers in it. and a 
table top. 

New Bergman Film 
at La Jolla M useUDl 

On Friday and Saturday, October 16 and 17. the 
La Jolla Museum of Art will present "The 
Ritual," a new film by famed Swedish director. 
Ingmar Bergman. The film will be shown at 
Sherwood Hall, 700 Prospect Street, La Jolla, at 7 
and 9 p.m. each evening. 

censorship. A troupe of itinerant players accused 
of performing public obscenity are interrogated 
by 11 Kafkaesque judge in his chambers. Soon 
both the judge and the accused are entangled in a 
nightmarish fantasy. 

Also on the program will be two short films. 
"The Machine" by Wolfgang Urchs. a West 
German filmmaker who uses a combination of 
animation and kinesthetic camera work to study 
the relationship between man and his in· 
ventionsj an d a witty, 5S-second short "Dialog" 

Few directors alive today can match the films 
of Ingmar Bergman in either quality or quantity. 
In twenty·five years, Bergman has made twenty· 
nine films. Six of these motion pictures. such as 
"The Seventh Seal." are considered film 
masterpieces. Bergman has been honored with 
more international awards than any other 
filmmaker, including two Academy Awards for 
"Best Foreign Language Film." 

by Diragutin Vunak, of Zagreb Films. I!!!!:=::::!!~::!!!~~II 
Yugoslavia. ' 

"Dancer and Teacher" by Moses 
paintings now on exhibit at the 

Some of the paintings are meant to be viewed twice, once from 
close up ald once from far away. "A Baroque Church" is an 
example 0: this. From up close, the painting looks like a mess of 
muddy cowr!'. From farther away. the interior of a church and a 
chandelie . are distinguishable. 

The col:ection is definiltely not to be missed by anyone who 
has an int,!rest in American art of any period. The collection will 
be on di~play from todn, to NQvf!mber 1 and may be seen 
Tuesdays through Sundays 11-4, and Wednesday nights 0-10 p.m. 

I 

things & things 
an ti qua ted and othe rwise 

In "The Ritual." Bergman's newest work. he 
comments on the themes of obscenity and 

Tickets, priced at $2.00 public donation and 
$1.50 for museum members and students. are 
now on sale at the museum. They will also be 
available at the Sherwood Hall box office on the 
evenings of the presentation .. 

Patrick flubbard 08 Ralph Waldo Emerlon and Ronald Heller porrraY8 lIenry David 
454.7000 Thoreau playin8 nightly except Monday throush November 1 at rhe Old Globe 'fheatre 

1-____________________ --1 in Balboa 'Jarle. 

1231 prospect s treet la jolla 

Page 10 Triton Times October 13, 1970 

open sunday 

1-5 pm 
hunters 

7505 girlrd IVI laja 

459 ·3707 

CRESCI'S C , M 
Opt. ( ... inl.- I,lSdo, Ihro,,1 

5:,. II • , .• . 
r" ......... r .,..;0/,1 

TUISDAY THURSDn 

IIIftI Mllllndwi(b 
11104 IOd " "'0,0 

". 

"yi. li • • ,..h.lli 
(hlf·holf) 

1I11d, ,.11. My ..... 
". 

I ...... 
10104. ,.11. Hy ..... 

'1.1 D 

WEDNESO~Y 

.... h.lli . _I HII. 
11104. roll . ........ 

'LID 

lhi(hn (lu illffi 
11104, roll. Hy ..... 

'1.1 0 

hem 'GlI,,<I 
,.IIIt 
,010 
pi(klo. 

'1.20 

I ...... 
..I.d. roll. 
Mm.g. 

'1.10 

FRIDAY 

PIZZA atony 

CRESCI'S C & II. 
Deli and Resto u rani 
7833 Girard Avenue 
La Jolla, Colif . 

phone: 459·5191 

ENTERT AI NMENT -FOOD-TRA VEL 

WHY DON'T YOU? 
If you are look ing for the most 
entertaining and provocati ve 
adult film fare to be seen any· 

, Pussycat 'Theatres are 
your cup of tea! 
Each week. thousands of dis· 
criminating men and women 
throughout California look to 
their local Pussycat Theatre for 
the finest in adults·only enter· 
ta inment. 
Why don' t you visi t one o f the 
Pussycat Theatres listed below ? 
Check your newspaper or ca II 
your local Pussycat Theatre for 
program information. 

PUSSYCAT 
4th & " F" Street 

DOWNTOWN 
239·2394 

WHY DON'T YOU? 

HE IS AN EXPERT ON 
NOTHING, BUT 
HAS OPINIONS 
EVERYTH I NG ••• 

HE 
ON 

AL CAPP 
TUESD~Y, O(TOBER 13 

U(SD GYMNASIUM 
8:00 p.m. 

Free 
to the people! 

PRESENTED BY THE ASUCSD 
PROGRAM BOARD IN CON-
JUNCTION WITH CAMPUS 
STUDIES INSTITUTE. 

Europe 
fall, Christmas and 
Summer 1971 flights 
available . Also to 
Israel and Japan. 

I.I.I.P .. I.C.I. 
8217 Beverly Blvd. 

Los Angeles, CA 90048 
(213) 651·3311 

E.S.E.P .·U .C.S.D. membe ... 

FINAL WEEKS! 
AQUARIUS THEATER 

6230 Sunlit Blvd. 
461·3571 

STltDfMT lICUft 
USC on U I. hi " hour bolo" wrt. ln 'or 
. 11 ptr lo,mon cu . (subject I. ntll.blllt, ) 

1.0. R ulltd 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 

S~BIW H 
PIIZI PIL =C 

RESTAUR ANTS TW RtC 

• • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 
5611 Balboa & Genese. San Diego. California 

For Piua To Go Call 277·7992 

Palace Delight (Knackwurst Cheese & Pickles . 39c 
Hot Dog ............ .. ..... .. ... ........ . 39c 
Swiss. Cheese . ...... . .............. . ............. •......... 69c 
Ham ......................... ........ . .. ................ ......... 79c 
Ham & Swiss Cheese .... .... ... ....... 89c 
Salami & Cheese ......... . ......... ... . _ ....................... 89c 
Hot Ham Dip . .. . . .... 89c 
Hot Pastrami Dip ................. : ... ::::.: ...••.. ." "::.:: .... 89c 
Pastrami & Slaw .... 89c 
Meatball (With Melted Cheese) ::::'.:"'::' .. :::::::::::: 89c 
Submarine .................. . ... .. ..... ... .. ...... ..... . ........... 89c 
Old Chicago (Hat ham. Pastrami & Slaw) 89c 
Canadian Bacon, lettuce & tomato .. 89c 
Hot Italian Sausage .. .... ... ........... ................ . 89c 
Hot Beef Dip (on French Roll) ..... . .. .•....... •..... . .. 89c 
Rosll Beef Sandwich (onion roll) ........... :. 89c 

AU Sandwiches with Chips & Pickles 

SPlihetti . ..... .99 
RaviOli .... . .99 
Ha" & Half . . 99 
SPighetti & Meat Balls 1.39 
Child's Plate . . .79 

• ri ~" ~(~ 
Individual . .. .29 
Famll, Bowl .99 

CHOICE OF DRESSING 
Italian - Bleu Cheese 
French - 1000 Island 

SOUP. DESSERT 
50~ 

PEOPLE 
PLEASIN' 

PIZZA 

This new arrangement of ads is for the convenience of the 
TRITON TIMES readers. This page contains ads tHat hopefully 
will provide a guide to your entertainment, whatever It may be. 

ON STAGE THRU NOV. 1 IIIIdtIttI $ ~ 
uc.sit.1ib 

7~~Ut9ad 
by Jerome Low, ence and 
Robert E. lee 
A stimulating provocat ive new 
drama about the great American 
individualist Henry David 
Thorea 

\I SO , I!OO il . .. . W.d .Th .... SU • . f ... . ' phon.e 239.2255 ~of1oenr 
U 00 &. " so If, I" $01 ""ft.) 
$1 .00 ~ suo ,Su •. "' .... 1 or Central Box Office. 
" . .IO~'u . 'h .. (.II.' I.' ''.d''';' .•• , $0' . Iv • . Lobby. Urey Hall, UCSD 

olb globe tbeatre 

800 n ... 

".ORSAlINO" 

balboa pa,~ on .Iage 

.. the basic bloc com 
Angela Lansbury ' Michael York 
"Something for Everyone' 
---- CO-HIT!----

"BOYS i:E BAND" 
R o-

Ollege 
EL CAJON BLVD. AT 63RO ST. • 286·1455 

The mini:.ters daughter. 
Her father taught her about God. 

The gypsy taught her abotl t Heaven. 

~ apri 
PARK BLVD. AT UNIVERSITY AVE •• 298'()S77 

Triton Times October 13, 1970 Page 11 



TUESDAY - October 13 

LECTURES -12 noon, USB 
2622, AMES Fluid Dynamics 
Film Series, t1tle of film: 
"Flow Visualization." 

4 p.m., 2622 USB, Chemical 
Physics Seminar, Dr. Daniel 
Kivelson, UCLA, "Relaxation 
Studies in Liquids by Means of 
ESR." 

4:30 p.m., 2105 Bonner Hall, 
Dr. Kurt Benirschke, "Some 
Aspects of Comparative 
Mammalian Cytogenetics." 

7 p.m., 1103 Building 2B, Dr. 
K. J. Ryan, "Comparative 
Reproductive Endocrinology: 
Determinants of Gestational 
Lengths." 

7:05 p.m., The usual Tuesday 
night "Topic" show on KFMB 
Radio featuring a School of 
Medicine staff member has 
been preempted. 

8 p.m., ASUCSD presents AL 
CAPP, the cartoonist, in the 
gym. 

ARTEXHIBIT-UCSD's first 
exhibit of the year opens in 
the Art Gallery on Matthews 
Campus. THE BOCOUR AR· 
TlST COLORS COLLECTION 
(an exhibition of 20th Century 
American paintings ) will be 
shown until November 1. 
Gallery hours-Tuesday tbru 
Sunday 11-4 and VVednesday 
eveninl!s from 8-10. 

SPORTS - Intramural 6-man 
volleyball for men and women 
sign up in the Intramural Office 
at the gym. Varsity Basketball 
players will be meeting at 3 
p.m. in the gym classroom. All 
interested students are invited 
to attend. 

MEETINGS-Revelle Resi-
dence Hall Board meets at 6:30 
p.m. in the Blake Conference 
Room. 

WEDNESDAY - October 14 

LECTURES -12 noon, 1105 
BSB, Dr. Theodore Bullock, 
"Reliability of Neurons." 

4 p.m., 2145 Ritter Hall, SIO, 
Dr. David Epel, "Amino Acid 
Uptake by Adult and Em-
bryonic Marine Organisms." 

4 p.m., 2722 USB, Dr. R. F. 
Christy, C. I. T., "Inside 
Cepheid Variables." 

7:05 p.m., The usual VVednes-
day night "Topic" radio show 
featuring a faculty or staff 
member from the general 
campus has been preempted. 

7:30 p.m., Regents ' Lecturer 
Cid Corman will read from his 
own poetry in the Student 
Lounge, Revelle Commons 
Building. 

SPORTS - Varsity Soccer, 
UCSD Soccer field , UCSD vs. 
USIU 

SOU N DSVI LLE 
everyday low prices 

plus specials! 

RECORDS·TAPES 
four stores to serve you 

1231 •• r •• t IV. 
,.eific h.clt 

uU ••• IV ..... 
,I Clit. IIlvtI 

•••• i •• _ 

&054 ••• ,.rt ." 
.Clil illICit 

hili .. In. 
........ IV. 

el.ir.,.t 

SPECIAL - Diane Feeley, 
Socialist VVorkers' Party candi-
date for U.S. Senate will appear 
in USB 4030B at 7 p.m. She will 
speak on women's liberation 
and the socialist movement. 
Her appearance is sponsored by 
the Students for the Socialist 
Workers' Campaign. 

ISSUES NOW -7:30 p.m., 2722 
USB, Topic: What Does 
Nasser's Death Mean to the 
Middle East? Speakers will 
include retired General Peled, 
the number four Israeli general 
during the 1967 six day war. 

COFFEE HUT - film night 

THURSDAY - October 15 

LECTURES -12noon, Swnner 
Auditorium, Sumnernoon 
Series. Dr. Dillon will speak on 
"The Blue Holes in Carbonate 
Reef" illustrated with color 
slides. Bring your lunch, every-
body welcome. 

1 p.m., IGPP Conference 
Room, IGPP Seminar, 
Professor Robert Parker, "The 
Inverse Problem of Electrical 
Conductivity in the Mantle." 

1:30 p.m., 3070 USB, Dr. 
William Thompson, "Diffusion 
in Thermal Equilibrium." 

8 p.m., IGPP Conference 
Room, Dr. E. L. Winterer, "The 
Darwin Rise Revisited." 

PACIFIC HONDA 

MEETINGS - Revelle Guest 
in Residence CommittH meets 
at6:30p.m. in the Blake Confer-
ence Room. 

Revelle Planriing & Remodel· 
ing Committee meets at 9 p.m. 
in the Blake Conference Room. 

FRIDAY - October 16 

LECTURES -12noon, Sumner 
Auditorium, SIO, Marine Bio-
logy Seminar, Dr. Thomas 
Berman, Kinneret Limnological 
Laboratory, Israel, visiting pro-
fessor at SIO, "Lake Kinneret 
Limnology: An Integrated 
Approach. " 

SPECIAL - John Muir College 
Convocation honoring the class 
of 1971 and dedicating the new 
campus buildings will be held 
on the Muir College Greens. The 
Honorable Earl Warren will 
give the main address. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

CALL INFORMATION CEN· 
TER EDNA (453-EDNA or ext. 
1176) for info on campus and 
community activities, recrea-
tional, academic, or social. ED-
NA acts as a message center, 
provides a crisis-referral 
service, keeps a list of items to 
buy and sell, and maintains a 
ride board for drivers needing 
riders or passengers needing 
rides. 

Waljahead 
and all alone. 

F'I'om ~IoWini, 
Honda has itaL 

1269 GARNET - PACIFIC BEACH 
Insurance Available/ Closed Sundays 

Vista is here the store crafts 
candh!s 

cards 
posters 

621 pllrl 461-1431 

folk arts 
billS. folk j n. 

rick Dn rtCOI'd 
.111: pott.ry. j •• elry. 
IlItll.r. 

hind II ••• clothe. 
3153 in.;: 

(eerllr .lIhhr.t,n 
... I.di.) 

Pa,e 12 Triton Time, 

ex-volunteers on campus 
October 12-13-14 / 8:30-4:00 p.m. 
Brown Bay Room-Muir Commons 

, Information and Applications 

October 13, 1970 

NOTE TO CAL STATE 
SCHOLARS: All State Schol-
ars who have not yet signed 
the Cal State Tuition Fee 
Claim List in the Financial 
Aids Office, 250 MC, must do 
so by October 15 or risk losing 
their scholarship award. 
State scholars are required to 
sign the claim list each aca-
demic quarter. 

The American History and 
Institutions Exam will be 
given on October 31, at 1 p.m. 
in the HL Aud. Students 
wishing to take the exam 
must sign up by October 28 in 
the Admissions and Regis-
trar's office or in one of the 
Provosts' offices. 

Classifieds 
Typinll : Re880nable nles for 
sludenls and leaehers. Thesi , ele. 
Veniee 272-1013. 

Typinll .. . Experieneed Iypiu ... lerm 
papers, Ihelis. Eleelrie Iypewriler. 
Will do rush jobs. 453-6835. 

hare a furni hed house in Oay 
Park. Close 10 Mi u ion 8a y. 
Privale room, fireplace . Ca ll 
afler six, 276-2320. 

NEW "I'T GALLERY-
pollery, leulplure , arl a: 
eeramie supplies al di eounl . 

Appliealion are now beinll .e- ARTIST in aclion on unda r. 
eepled for Ihe po.llllon 01 ~Iallon THE ART C E N T E R - 1 159 
Manaller al K DT. Any inleresled Camino Del Mar-Del Mar. 
sludenl Ihould file al 250 MC a 
wrillen slalemenl eonlaininll a 
ummary of hi lher axperienca and 

background, how he/'ha ... , the 
rola of ,tation managar at a 
,tudant-run radio ,tation, and what 
idea, ha/'ha hal abaut radio a' 0 
communication, medium and abaut 
programming. 

Vista rap'. on campus Oct. 12, 13, 
14-1:3~ PM. 'rown lay Room, 
Mui, Common,. Information and 
application, availabla. 

Sha,a 2 b, furni,had apartmant 

ERVICE on SCHEDULE 
Di linelive Iypinll by lIelen and 
Julie . Salisfaelion is our 
produel. IBM Exeeuli ve. 
7466 Girard, Sle. 15-459-8888 

-FREE RENT-
Female studenl wan led 10 live in, 
new home, Ihree minule from 
c:IImpu . Trade renl a: breaUa I 
for baby lillinll a Iillhl house-
keepinll ' flexible hour , . 
453-8300. 

in Clairamont, $IO/ mo . Prafar "Complele" weddinll cover_lie. 
,taff mambar. Call Sandy, axt . 20 eolor 8x .os in album, 575. 
1226 or 273-6296.' If inleresled , eall 284-6087. 

Catholic Student Center 
Masses each Sunday at 

University Lutheran Church 
La Jolla Shores Drive & Torrey Pines Rd. North 

8: 30 a.m. - 5: 00 p.m. 
Catholic Chaplins: Father Ed Donovan 

Father Bill McAmliffe 
Home 

Phones: 453-3850 Religious Affairs Office 
453-2000 X 1943 


