
Volum. I I, lum".r 1 University of California, San Diego Tuesday, Octo".r 20, 1910 
Rep.rt ,. Regents 

University, County Ignored Isla Vista 
Carl Neiburger 

Staff Writer 
Substandard housing, inadequate streets and parks, and 

practically no business community or public services, were 
listed as contributing factors to the unrest in Isla Vista , 
according to the University President's Commission on Isla 
Vista. The Commission, reporting to the Regents Meeting in 
San Francisco Friday, headed byDr. MartinTrow, Professor 
of Sociology at UCB, found that these and other community 
problems resulted from neglect by both the University and the 
Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors. 

The gist of a lengthy series of recommendations at the end of 
the report, was that the University and the County must 
actively cooperate with the community to eleviate the 
problems. UCSB, according to the commission, should "adopt, 
and take immediate steps to impliment policies recognizing 
that Isla Vista is an integral part of the university community, 
and that UCSB's vital interests are involved in improving the 
quality of life there." 

University Ignores Community 
The commission found that the University' has virtually 

ignored the existance of the community, despIte the fact that 
most of the UCSB student body lives there, and Isla Vista is 
surrounded by the University on three sides. "To the extent 
that UCSB has had a policy towards Isla Vista , it a{>pears to 
have been to avoid extensive involvement in the affaIrs of the 
community. " 

In the few cases that the administration has ventured 
concern for Isla Vista , mainly in the area of student housing, it 
has yielded to the concerns of the private housing owners. A 
UCSB vice-chancellor was quoted in 1964 as saying that 
" either the Chancellor nor the staff on this campus wish to 
interfere with the private affairs of any developer in this 
area." 

The commission recommended a turn-around policy in which 
he University would become involved in the urban renewal of 

Isla Vista . It pointed out that although most of the apartment 
housing is of recent vintage - less than ten years old - " many 
apartment buildings were cheaply constructed and are now run 
down." 

Of the 4,631 dwelling units in Isla Vista as of April 1970, 3,876 
were multiples of five or more units. This has resulted in a 
spectacular population density of 26,000 to the square mile, 
more than in any California city, and exceeded only in the 
megolopolis between Boston and Washington D.C. 

Inadequacies Detract Older Population 
Two-thirds of the total population of Isla Vista are between 

lohn Muir Colle,e d.dicalion a • ... n la., Friday. 

19 and 22 years of age , and 90 per cent of the residents in the 
apartment-dominated eastern half of the community are 
between 17 and 25. Faculty members and other older people 
are not allracted to Isla Vista because of the lack of adequate 
housing and municipal facilities. "Despite a high property tax 
rate, the county has provided few visible municipal services : 
there are no county-supported public parks within Isla Vista 's 
heavily populated area ; street lighting did not exist before last 
year ; there are no emergency health facilities ; street 
sweeping is ra r.e , and weeds are allowed to grow high in vacant 
lots.' 

"There are only three small food markets in Isla Vista , each 
with prices generally higher than those of supermarkets in 
Goleta and Santa Barbara .. . Isla Vista has only one film 
theater and few shops." The commission explained that 
conditions were worsened by the failure of some of the small 
businesses. Because of the academic year , the patronage of 
these shops goes down during the summer. Trade from tourists 
was further reduced last summer as a resul t of the rioting. :he 
commillee staled that " the optimum size of student populativn 
has been exceeded," and recommend tha t UCSB not expand its 
undergraduate enrollment. 

The one bright note expressed by the commission was the 
development of a number of community service organizations, 
mainly manned by volunteers. The commission noted the 
development of an Isla Vista Community Council , and 
recommended that it be given official status by the Board of 
Supervisors. 

Recommends Cooperation 
The commission recommended action to eleviate conflicts 

between residents and apartment owners and police officers. It 
generally recommended " that UCSB, Santa Barbara County 
Officials and administrative staff, and members of the Isla 
Vista community cooperate to develop programs to provide 
increased and improved services in Isla Vista . Such programs 
must be directed toward providing the kinds of services needed 
in an urban area which has the special problems of Isla Vista 's 
" Youth Culture." 

Commenting to the Regents on their opinions of the Isla 
Vista Commission Report were UCSB Vice-Chancellor for 
Business and Finance Raymond Varley, ASUCSB President 
Thomas Tosdal, and Santa Barbara County Supervisor Daniel 
Grant, whose district includes UCSB and Isla Vista . 

Varley assured the Regents tha t UCSB was in the process of 
acting on some of the problems in Isla Vista , and will " become 
actively involved in Isla Vista mailers." He called the report 
" basically good," and said "I believe it will be of grea t value to 

us. " 
Grant was particularly enthusiastic about the proposal for 

urban renewal. He outlined improvements being made by the 
county, particularly in ma tters of law enforcement, but noted 
that the County was ha ving difficul ty coordinating its va rious 
depa rtments. 

Tosdal felt that the main theme of the report was that " the 
University and Isla Vista cannot be separated." He noted that 
students have taken most of the initiative in community 
improvement actions. He expressed hope that the report will 
result in action being taken and not "end up like all 
commission reports." 

Reagan-Comment 
The report was generally well-received by the Regents. 

Governor Reagan characterized Isla Vista as a " Peter Pan 
community," and " nol a natural community any more than an 
old folks home." He suggested tha t adults be encouraged to 
move into the area. "Parents would like to feel that there are 
some adults casting an eye on their children." He felt that both 
students and older people would benefit from the arrangement. 
The Regents agreed to ask the President for a general 
recommendation on what teps they should take, and to set 
aside funds to be used to correct Isla Vista 's problems. 

Reagan Loses Cool 
Later in the day the Regents voted to table discus ion of the 

Irvine Company's proposals for development of a city 
surrounding CI. Regent orton Simon stated that the 
discussion was tabled for political reasons, citing involvement 
in the Irvine Company and the Irvine Founda tion by Governor 
Reagan and Senator George Murphy. Regent Frederick Dutton 
backed Simon's contentions, and Reagan accused both of them 
lying, calling Dutton a " son of a bitch. ,. 

Due to new tax laws passed in 1969, the Irvine Foundation 
which owns 54 per cent interest in the Irvine Company must 
divest itself of much of its Irvine Company stocks. Regental 
approval of Irvine's proposed community would increase the 
value of the stocks. Other ties between Irvine and the 
University include Regent William French Smith , attorney for 
the Irvine Company and Reagan's personal attorney, Regent 
Edward Carter, an Irvine Foundation Trustee. and N. Loyall 
McLaren, Chairman of the Irvine Foundation and a member of 
the accounting firm that aud its the University's books. Former 
Regent and Irvine Company President A. J . Mc Fadden igned 

th~ 1959 agreement in which the University bought Irvine land 
to form UCI. 

"R ight on, Big Earr' 

Earl Warren 
Honored At Muir 

Owe n Joyner 
ociated it y Editor 

At a convocation in the futuri tic setting of 
th Muir campu . Earl Warren and three others 
were given honorary Muir College fellow hip 
by Provo t John tewart. About 300 people 
crowded into th courtyard between the 
towering Mui r dorm to honor the fir t four-
year gradua ting cia s of Muir ollege. and to 

e and h a r the former hief Justice. 
The program began a a tring quartet 

provided turn-of-the-century , mu ical 
surreali m for th proce ional. Provo t 
Stewart t pp d forward and welcomed 
everyone. He poke about the id ntity of John 
Muir College - an identity which ha not yet. he 
explain d, b en fully formed . 

Speaker raig Starr. a nior at Muir. 
de cribed th dilemma of bing a tudent. H 
sa id , "A k your elf. or a friend, why you ar 
h re." tarr went on to say that th an w r 
would mo t often b practical or economical, 
but would rarely tou h on th true pirit of 
education. Pes imi tically, h pok of the 
"economic pr mium on th coli ge degree " He 
explained that to th government, " th 

niver ity i an e onomic tool mor 
graduate at a lower 0 t; that' their dictum." 

Following a mu ical interl ud . Provo t 
tewart awarded th h norar fellow hIP , 

giving a humorou l audin~ account of each of 
the di tingui hed re ipi nt Dr. Hanne Alfven, 
rcknowned g ophy ici t. wa pr nt to rive 
hI award . However. Dr. William Mc ill nd 
Dr. Jona alk w re ab nt and had their 
awards acc pted b a iate . 

When Warren wa hand hi award, a hug 
white bann r with red and blu tr amer wa 
unfur led from a dorm window. It read , "Right 

n, Bi Earl !" Th tall whit -h ired man th n 
addre sed th v r r ptiv audi n . H 

poke of hi a ociation with John Muir , th 
Pholo" Jon Fronek (rontinul'd on p.~ 2) 



Seminars Help Achieve 
Long-Range Vocational Goals 

'Catch 22' On The Continental Shel'f 
LOS ANGELES - How vast are the oil resources locked in 

the continental shelf bordering the California coastline? 
Federal panel cannot be released because they are largely 
based on information furnished by private oil companies, and 
such information is proprietary. lJ.y Mike Tawny 

The Career Education and 
Planning Center on Matthews 
Campus serves as the 
University's aid to students who 
are planning their long-range 
vocational goals. However, as 
director George Burchill states, 
"We are neither a placement 
office nor an employment 
agency." 

Career Education and 
Planning is located in the east 
wing of Building 250 on Mat-
thews Campus. The phone 
nwnber is 453-2000. extension 
2401. A few years ago the Center 
was known as the Career 
Education, Planning, and 
Placement Center, and there 
was considerablly more em-
phasis on actual job application. 
Today, the chief fWlction of the 
Center is career education. This 
education consists of seminars 
at which representatives from 
various' buisnesses and in-
dustries, as well as from 
government and military 
service, meet with interested 
students and professors. Two 
years ago the students voted 
that only those companies 

The Slacks: 
liD CHARGER' 
FLARES 
No-Iron solids, stripes 
and plaids. 
$10 to $11. 

A, 1', h •• I·lo·lo. ,Ianl. 

liD 
ThE~Action 

Ma~,Slacks 
Christie's 

(1uat~ 
Fashion and Casual 

Clothes for Men 
459-5323 

7914 Girard 
La lalla 

Page 2 Triton Times 

discriminating on the basis of 
race, religion, color, ancestry, 
or national origin, when hiring 
employees were to be banned 
from sending representatives to 
the campus. 

During the seminars, which 
are usually held in Building 250, 
students are informed of the 
career opportunities offered by 
the company. Many questions 
and answers are exchanged. It 
is education in the fullest sense, 
as Director Burchill points out: 
"The representatives from the 
company often learn as much as 
do the sutdents at these 
seminars, through the exchange 
of questions and answers." 

No Recruiters 
These representatives are 

sometimes referred to as 
" recruiters," a misleading 
label. Their primary function at 
the seminars is to educate. 
Their secondary fWlction is to 
interview individuals after the 
seminar. Most representatives 
are willing to do this, but a 
student seeking such an in-
terview should telephone the 
Center, and state that he desires 
an interview after the seminar. 
Actual hirings are extremely 
rare . "The seminars," Burchill 
explains, "help local students to 
find the facts about distant 
companies, to which it would be 
inconvenient for the student to 
travel himself. We have a 
company coming from 
England," 

Knowledge of the present 
trends in the employment op-
portunities for college and 
W1iversity graduates is very 
important , According to a 
recent article in the Chicago 
Sun-Times, "Job offers to Ph.D. 
graduates have dropped 61.5 
per cent in the last two years." 

"We're not focusing on the 
initial job," states Burchill. 
"We want the student to be able 
to make intelligent decisions 
twenty years from now 
regarding his employment." 

Changes In Store 

What ocean areas are safe for drilling? 
What, basically, are the geological , chemical and 

environmental factors that must be known to answer the first 
two questions? 

Despite the furor triggered by the Santa Barbara oil spill, 
there are no objective studies by independent researchers 
probing the problems so vital to the economic and ecological 
welfare of California . 

One low-keyed, soft-spoken UCLA scientist has been trying 
to get a study off the ground for the past two years. After 
making the rounds of Federal agencies, state offices, and 
proviate companies, Dr. Isaac R. Kaplan feels a bit like a 
characte,' out of "Catch 22 ." The scenario runs roughly as 
follows: 

Private oil companies, which have made the most exhaustive 
investigations, cannot turn loose any details because the 
information is proprietary, 

State agencies say they have no jurisdiction because the oil-
bearing areas are beyond the continental three-mile limit. 

Federal agencies are interested and sympathetic but have no 
money to support independent studies. The scientific details of 
the one elCpert study made of the Santa Barbara oil spill by a 

Dr. Kaplan, who heads UCLA 's Bia-geochemistry 
Laboratory, bases his proposal on two premises : (1), the 
earth 's continental shelves will have to be mined for oil , 
whether we like it or not ; (2), we need much more basic 
information about oil formation and natural seepage in the 
oceans before coming up with rational rules for oil exploration 
and drilling. 

"It 's not a question of drilling or not drilling, but whether we 
can elCploit the off-shore deposits without harming the 
environment," says Dr. Kaplan. "It's analogous to the 
production of automobiles. We can't abolish the car , but we can 
keep itfrom polluting the air." 

Dr. Kaplan would like to see the organization of a consortium 
of southern California universities, or creation of a sea-grant 
college, to study the continental borderland of California. 

"The major practical goal of such research would be to 
arrive at criteria for safe off-shore drilling," says the UCLA 
scientist. " I am certain that there are any number of 
university geologists and geochemists who would be happy to 
cooperate with any state, Federal or private agency in such a 
project. " 

CONVOCA liON 
naturalist, and the merits of a liberal 
college. Then he directed himself 
contemporary problems, declaring that 
nation is in its worst state of divisiveness 
the Civil war. 

, . 

Former Chief Justice Earl Warren. I'ho'o by Jan Fronek 
He spoke particularly of the problem of 

injustice. Warren insisted that " until we put to 
the test our sincerity about creating a plural 
society where all men are created equal we are 
fast drifting to a condition of irreconCilability 
which will eventually lead to disaster. " He real 
the inscription on the statue of Liberty, and sail 
it was a "travesty" that racial minorities 
not enjoy the promi es made to them , 

Volunteer Groups Forming 
Committee For Returnees 

Being connected with the Supreme 
Warren was ethically bound not lo 
policy remarks about solutions to lhe nrn,hlpm,1 
he enumerated . However, he said he felt thai 

Kath y Rust 

the answer lay in changing attitudes, rather Are you a returning volunteer from an overseas 
than changing laws. organization such as the Peace Corps, 

He received a long, standing ovation to ;h:I:':lI Amelric,lD Field Service, or a religious project 
speech and following closing remarks by abroad? If so, you may be interested in joining 
Provost, the convocation ended. the Committee of Returning VolWlteers, which is 

now being formed on this campus. Fred 
Lonidier, a Visual Arts graduate student and 
former Peace Corps volunteer in the Philippines 
is taking charge of the formation of a San Diego 
chapter of the Committee of Returning Volun-
teers, 

One of the primary functions of the C.R.V. is 
the distribution of information concerning U.S. 
involvement in the affairs of other countries. It 
has printed numerous pamphlets dealing with 
specific problem areas in Southeast Asia and 
Africa. The San Diego chapter of C.R.V. would 
provide an additional outlet for this instructional 
material. 

The Center has recenUy been 
subdivided into the following 
programs : Health Sciences 
Advisory Program, Career Muir Pro vOH J()hn S'ewarl ,alks 10 a ,'udenl following 'he 
Planning Services, Career college dedica'ion_ . Pholo by Jon Fronek. 

us 
help 

The C.R.V, takes the stand that the American 
people need to be made aware of U.S. in-
volvement in the Third World activities of other 
COWl tries. Lonidier says, "The Peace Corps is at 
best an irrelevant organization," In his opinion, 
the Peace Corps is trying to solve the problems 
of other countries by treating the symptoms 
rather than the actual cause of social ills. Ac-

If the Peace Corps or another such volunteer 
service organization were to recruit volunteers 
on this campus, the C.R.V. could be available for 
dialogue concerning the activities of the 
organization in other countries. As former 
volunteers, C,R.V. members could influence the 
decisions of possible recruits by relating their 
personal experiences working with people in 
foreign countries. 

The C.R.V. has taken part in recent 
moratoriwns and demonstrations. Last spring 
they succeeded in occupying the Peace Corps 
headquarters in Washington, D.C. The C.RV. 
took issue with the Peace Corps' policy of 
promoting pacification as a means of sup-
pressing progress. Their slogan was, 
"Liberation, not Pacification!" 

Counseling, and Career 
Education Program. The Revelle Cafeteria 
CelIter now has a library con- _ 
taining catalogues issued by 

cording to Lonidier, poverty, disease, and lack of 
-.aIOClIOClIOllIOaIOClIOClOcIOClIOCIOCIOCIOCIOC*MMI'leducation are only symptoms of a far more 

serious problem, namely, "the maintenance of 

:::'':"::':p~~~db_''''' 'Lynne, George, and Tom' Syndro archaic social institutions that are not respon-sive to the needs of the people." 
"At its worst, the Peace Corps works to sup-

press progress and change within societies. " 
Lonidier says that a complete restructuring of 
SOCiety is necessary to solve the problems of 
many foreign cOWltries. This restructuring 

According to Fred Lonidier, the C.R.V. differs 
from the S,D.S, in that the C.R.V, is not trying to 
(orm a mass organization. He says that the 
S.O.S. is tending toward a political party 
whereas the C.RV. prefers to work on a smaller 
scale in localized chapters. 

roud tri, 

I.lly. UI5 385, 
•. f , I.i,.i UI5 

hlna hnl $470 
jll ell.rtlra 

cann.cti •• fli'~11 II 
ain,a,III,II'nill , 

hn,hk,a .. ul,.d e. lculll 

far inforllitiin 

II .... 

ell! 
Ir writ. 

flilht 
roell II itt •• 

p.O . ball 2549 
st.nfard uli'. 

143D& 
(415) .11-2511 

zi, 
.n •• y flilh.a 

.. __ •.• r._IV ••• iI •• ~.I._. ~ 
October 20, 1970 

by Rod Lorang 

Revelle cafeteria has survived strikes, dogs, charges of 
unfair employment and poor safety 1?recautions, voracious 
meal-card appetites, and girls who can t use all their script. It 
has also surVived theiving users, un-bussed tables, publiCity in 
the Triton Times, and long empty summers, With a little luck, 
it can survive "Lynne, George and Tom" too. 

Those who eat at Revelle know what is being talked about, 
because no one can get in a line, put dressing on a salad, or pick 
up a fork to eat, without confronting a Lynne, George, and Tom 
sign. After a while it seems like a 1itany to three saints: Witn 
sifverware you get "Please don 't take cafeteria hardware to 
the dorms. Thank you. Lynne George and Tom," With 
mayonaise it's " Enjoy the condiments. but Please leave some 
for us- Lynne George and Tom." Finish eating, and instead of 
" Amen," the prayer is " Please help us by removing Paper 
from your tray. Thank You. Lynne , George and Tom." Only 
then can you say amen and break for the door 

WHO ARE LYNNE, GEORGE AND TOM? 
Just who are these people whom some have ca lled "cafeteria 

lackeys" (and worse ), and whom others (Food service 
manager John Lapatina among them) have praised highly? 
Part of the answer is back in the cafeteria we just left. After 
you get your food , your dressing, your silverware, your before-
meal litany, and finally escape to a table , you can sit down and 
find (what else) a Lynne, George and Tom Table Tent. They're 
everywhere, and they read : " Welcome to Revelle! We, Lynne, 
George and Tom, are trying somE!fhing new - we are a link 
between you and the cafeteria management. We ask your 
cooperation in bussing your trays, separating paper, and 
leaving all pets outside, This helps us to help you . Leave it 
clean for the next guy! Thank you. We'll be here during lunch 
and dinner hours to help you." 
Lynne McClure 
George Helmsdoerfer 
Tom Caryl 

But really, say George , the igns are there to help the 
stud nts, and , if you eat at Revelle, you should know how they 
help. If you don' t eat at Revelle, you should know anyway, 
be au your cafeteria could be next. (Matthews is down as 
" soon". and Muir as " maybe", for addition to the program ), 

As the card says, the trio (all students) serve as a link. Lines 

of communication tend to get very long in any large operation, 
especially one in which a wall literally separates the users out 
front, from the providers in back. Students with raw meat 
don't usually go to the cook, they go to their suite and 
complain. Three weeks later, if word filters to the back, it' s too 
late to re-cook the meat, and probably too late to cook the cook. 

THERE'S HOPE AT REVELLE 
But now there 's hope. You can run up to the labeled table and 

say " Tommy, Tommy, make them cook my meat more." No? 
Well , you can ask Lynne to get honey out front, and she does, 
Or. you can ask George to get free coffee re-fills out front , and 
he's trying. You can keep asking for made to order eggs, which 
are being offered experimentally at Revelle starting today. 

You can now compliment, or complain. (the good guys are 
winning, 10-1) . You can look around and see that the dogs are 
gone. ("We ask the owners to take them outside, and so far 
they all have .") You could have gone to " Italian ni~ht" 
(Lynne's idea ) for a buck, or you can go to Mexican mght, 
coming up soon. You can be sure Tom will see that silverware 
and condiments are kept in supply. You can help by bussing 
your own tray (at Muir , everyone does, shame on you Revelle 
people) . If your lucky, you C3n get a good percentage on orne 
script at the exchange table . If you 're even luckier you can ask 
them to take down those awful signs, and they might . 

SERVICES AREN'T FREE 
Lynne, George and Tom don 't do this for free, of course. The 

resident dean, whose idea it was, provides housing, and the 
cafeteria they work for , feeds them (George estimates he 
spends 15 - 20 hours a week earning this compensation ). They 
also don 't do it without forming some sort of allegiance of 
understanding ; and therefore influence. with the management. 
Their actual authority is roughly equivalent to that of ' a 
resident advisor in the dorm . But, their potential for helping is 
greater - if you let them know what's on your mind . 

Concerning other cafeteria business - music should be 
into the Revelle cafeteria by the end of this quarte 
anyone in dire financial straites should see Mr. La 
a job : Work II hours a week , and all meals are free ; 
hours, and lunch and dinner are free . Tho e interested in 
portion study arc also welcome to e Mr. Lapatina. 

• ",r""ooo in his opinion, can only be accomplished 
revolution. The C.R.V. supports 

action in disadvantaged cOWltries 
l'nn,vi"tinn that after a period of social 
.1'~VU;luuon. progress and improved living con-

be possible. 

The first meeting of the C.RV. will take place 
on Thursday, October 22, at 2:00 in 3050A, Un-
dergraduate Sciences Building, All interested 
returning volunteers are welcome to attend. For 
further information, contact Fred Lonidier at 
755-7557. 

ED NA's Services Expa nding 
Mike Tawny 

After 16 months UCSD's people-~ople 
IIOr'g3Ilizclltion, EDNA, is moving as strongly and 

eff'ectivelv as it was in its promising early 
conceived as an organization for 

nrnmntinn of better student<ommunity 
"elatilons, EDNA has become a center for a host 

services, some of which may not be 
.'ell-I~nown to a nwnber of readers. EDNA is 

U\~.r,urtll end of building 250 on the 
-.!altlll,,".,o Campus. The phone is 453-3362. 

Ride Service Available 
One service prOvided that the EDNA staff 

would like more stucients to be acquainted with is 
tile "ride board," a system of furnishing 
automobile transportation to and from the 
lII\iverslty. Many stullents come to EDNA in 
Je8['ch of transportatiOQ and some are looking 
'or rides to Los Angeles or even to San Fran-

~o. But comparativel, few drivers call EDNA 
.. come in person to oller rides. All willing 
ItI'sons are encouraged to contact EDNA and to 
urniah information regard\qg their commuting 
chedule and longer trips. 

Many other Slrvlc" Provided 
EDNA has become, in efleet, a center with 

great potential. It serves as a message center 
where persons may leave or receive messages. 
All current and forthcoming campus events are 
known at EDNA, as well as important events of 
the San Diego area, Motion picture listings 
clipped from newspapers are posted on the 
walls, as well as annOWlcements of plays, con-
certs, and other events of interest. 

Home phone numbers and faculty offices of 
professors are available at EDNA and phone 
nwnbers of most students will also be available 
when the next student directory appears in 
January, 

Articles from small household items to 
automobiles may be sold or purchased through 
EDNA's buy-and-"ell service. This service in-
cludes the renting and leasing of rooms. Persons 
with a room or rooms for rent can have them 
listed free of charge. 

Future Growth Seen 
At present, EDNA is conflned to a single office 

and the large nwnber of notices and ad-
vertisements on the walls make It seem cramped 
and complicated. But EDNA has proved itseU to 
be effective and plans are under way for the 
enlargement of the office, A board of directors is 
to be formed to consider long-range goals. 

Computer Training Offered 
Disadvantaged Youth 

Mik .. Kantro 
In the swnmer of 1968 Dr. M. 

Granger Morgan , then a 
graduate APIS student, got an 
idea together about providing 
some tangible education to aid 
disadvantaged youth. Morgan 
introduced computers to a 
group of Neighborhood Youth 
Corps kids. It worked rather 
well, Morgan rapped well 
enough to "the powers that be" 
to get the Computer Center, 
APIS and Scripps to give him 
some funding, and also 
managed to get Safeway 
Foodstores to donate a used 
trailer. Computer Jobs Through 
Training was thus born. 

Today, according to staffer 
Norman Down, "We feel the 
time has come to let the com-
munity and the people here on 
campus know what 's hap-
pening." 

Program for Disadvantaged 
Computer Jobs Through 

Training (CJTT) is a project 
designed to train disadvan taged 
young people to operate in semi-
technical and business com-
puter programming , Down 
said. Since that swnmer of 1968 
more than five programming 
classes have been run for 
disadvantaged San Diego youth, 
of junior and senior high school 
age. Night classes for YOWlg 
adults have also been under 
way in San Ysidro and National 
City since February. The night 
class will soon place graduates 
in programming and other 
computer-related jobs, or send 
them on for further training. 

Through the efforts of the 

students." Students have comE 
from Lincoln High School and 
O'Farrell Junior High. There is 
an entrance exam, but it is nol 
always strictly adhered to, The 
class usually starts with 15-18 
YOWlg people and finally works 
down to eight to 10. Morgan 
says, "The program works, but 
there is not enough money to 
run it." 

Many Groups Aid CJTT 
Since the beginning, CJTT 

has received aid from UCSD 
(principally from APIS), two 
Rosen~rg Foundation grants, 
University-administered Ford 
FOWldation funds, Gulf General 
Atomic, Xerox Data Systems, 
Safeway, Wards, SDG&E , 
Pacific Telephone and Bekins. 
However, more support is 
needed, Morgan says. "The 
mobile classroom is old and 
runs on prayer and the 
mechanical genius of the staff." 
"The computer is borrowed and 
there is always a need for cash. 
CJTT does have a lot going for 
it, nonetheless. " 

CJTT's fully developed 
curriculum has grown through 
the efforts of Morgan, Down, 
and Mary Mirabito. Bob Sadler, 
an ex-marine, was recently 
added as head instructor , 

"There have bee'll scores of 
others helping in the past, in-
cluding a nwnber of NYC 
people adding muscle when that 
was needed, but a great part of 
the success is fOWld in the 
energy and enthusiasm of the 
student staff," he said. Delwin 
Holt, Bradley Rogers, Curtis 
Bagby and Mike Meza, Black 
and Chicano students at UCSD 
under EOP and work study 
programs, are the main men. 
"These students are best able to 
relate to the disadvantaged 
minorities." One of Curtis ' and 
Mike 's classes contained a 
group described as the "best of 
the worst underachievers. " 
Curtis said, "I think the class 
was a success. The main idea 
was motivation." It seemed to 
work. Curtis cited the ex-
perience as beneficial to 
himself as much as to the 
students he taught. Brad said "I 
enjoyed it (teaching the class), 
because I was accomplishing 
something, not just for myself 
but for other people." 

Dr, Morgan commented on 
his student teachers: " If we 
didn 't have these working for 
us, I wouldn 't consider it to be a 
success. They do a first-rate 
job. They apply sensitivity," 

SPORTS WRITERS NEEDED 
SEE ROCKY 

CJTT staff, the Safeway trailer iiiiiiiiiiiii~iii5ii5i~~ was converted into a mobile 
classroom. The addition of a 
general purpose IBM computer, 
borrowed when needed from the 
UC Physics Department, 
completed the outfitting. 

"Thus equipped, the staff was 
a ble to take the classroom to the 
students' community. And with 
a philosophy of learning 

STRAW 11= 
PIlI PILAen 

through doing, the CJ'IT has · ~IrlI:lIjI[II:KK.1Ii·~(SIiiTA5"."eTSI[I[I[K ••• r]M.p[~"~ been teaching its students by" .. 
practical application rather 
than worn-out, long-winded 
lectures, in an attempt to create 
a want-to-Iearn attitude. The 
technical know-how available 
through the UC campus makes 
this project particularly useful; 
something that the OED would 
not be able to do," Norman 
Brown noted. 

Dr. Morgan says that CJTT 
receives "a fistful of applicants. 
There is no trouble getting 

8 ounces of Cod 
with French Fries, 
Cole Slow and Tarter 
Sauce. Price: $ .85 . 
Sold doily at the 
Coffee House, 

owned and operated 
by the ASUCSD. 

611 Balboa & Genese, San Diego, California 
For Pizza To Go Call 277·7992 

Palace Delight (Knackwurst Cheese & Pickles 39c 
Hot Dog 39c 
Swiss Cheese 6ge 

~m ~ 
Ham & Swiss Cheese a9c 
Salami & Cheese 8ge 
Hot Ham Dip age 

~~~~~ ~ 
Pastrami & Slaw 89c 
Meatball (With Melted Cheese) a9c 
Submarine . a9c 
Old Chicago (Hot ham - Pastrami & Slaw) a9c 
Canad ian Bacon, lettuce & tomato 8ge 
Hot Italian Sausage 89c 
Hot Beef Dip (on Freneh Roll) 89c 
Rosta Beef Sandwich (onion roll) 8ge 

All Sandwiches with Chips & Pickles 

Spaghetti .99 
Ravioli .99 
Half & Half .99 
Spaghetti & Meat Balls 1.39 
Child 's Plate .79 

Individual 
Family Bowl 

CHOICE OF DRESSING 
Italian - Bleu Cheese 
French - 1000 Island 

,29 
qo 

SOUP . DESSERT 
50~ 

PEOPLE 
PLEASIN' 

PIZZA 

Triton Times October 20, 1970 Page 3 



tiIlles 
University of California, San Diego 

La JoIII, California 92037 
(7141453-2000, ext. 1016, Advertising ext. 1017 

.Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The editorials expressed below ore arproved by the TRITON TIMES Editorial Board. All other opinions 
expressed on this page are those 0 the author. wh_ names appear in the bylines, and do nat 
necessarily reflect the views of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit material to be published in 
this section should .nd it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD. 

Minority Editorial 

OnAI Capp 
Editors Nole: 

Th.e by-Iawl of the triton times contain a provision by which dissent to the 
majority opinion of the Editorial Board can be expressed. 

This provision ha.~ been utilized to express dissent to the editoria l stands 
taken on Ai Capp and Proposition 18 in last Friday's issue. 

In a recent opinion piece , A TRITON TIMES 
staff member reviewed the various incidents of 
heckling that have occurred at UCSD in the last 
few years. The reader's attention was drawn to 
Al Capp's forthcoming appearance on campus, 
his unpopular views, and the possiblity that capp 
would be harrassed. The writer asked, "Has the 
time finally come when an unpopular speaker 
can be politely heard at UCSD?" The piece 
closed with an invitation to corne see Capp, and 
to see what would happen. 

We did go. So did over a thousand other 
students. And, we learned a great deal. 

We learned about the hypocrisy of those who 
stress the rights of dissent, and then deny it to 
those they disagree with. 

We learned about an indolent student govern-
ment which had only four police on hand at a 
predictably tense situation. 

We learned about a kind of faculty member 
who seems to view the University as his private 
sandbox-a sandbox in which he may act out 
elaborate games, even when they violate the 
rights of many others. 

We learned about a student newspaper that 
denounces police intimidation and violence, but 
condones and rationalizes the same excesses 
when conducted by certain students. 

Worst of all, we learned about a great mass of 
students who sat quietly, as their right to hear 
the speaker of their choice, was repeatedly 
violated. Their inaction at the atrocious brown-
shirt behavior of the 30 demonstrators makes 

Minorify Editorial 

them a truly 'silent majority' of students. 
Among the rationalizations for the action 

against Capp were his ·provocations.' This 
ignores the fact that the heckling and distur-
bance began before Capp had even finished 
mounting the podium. This ignores the large sign 
bearing a single word (F .. k) that was im-
mediately waved in his face. 

It is further charged that Capp enjoyed the 
confrontation. Yet, why did he repeatedly ask 
the demonstrators to be quiet "now that you've 
made your point." His jokes, often vulgar, were 
similarly an attempt to squelch the hecklers into 
silence. Capp is not solely a hwnorist. He has 
also written serious articles for political journals 
like National Review (Sept. 23, for example). 
Further, this was the first time Capp has ever 
left a stage. The events at UCSD were in no way 
typical of Capp's previous appearances. In 
speaking to a TRITON TIMES reporter later, 
Capp was depressed and shocked at what had 
happened. It is ridiculous to say that the man we 
saw slumped in a chair in his hotel room, had 
enjoyed the evening. 

Elaborate justifications aside, the 
harrassment of Capp was only another sad 
chapter in the history of un-free speech at UCSD. 
So long as we, the literally 'silent majority ,' sit 
on our hands, the brown shirts of UCSD will 
continue to violate speaker's, and our basic 
constitutional rights. Was the Capp episode the 
last straw? Has the sign finally come to protect 
our right by group enforcement of conununity 
standards? We hope so. 

Tax The Polluters 
The problem regarding 

Proposition 18 does not lie In the 
question of the funding of poilu· 
tion conlrol. We believe thai 
pollution control should be paid 
for by the polluters, but the gas 
tax does not tax the principal 
agents in the pollution problem. 
The institutions thai need to be 
taxed are the automobile manu-
facturers and the 011 companies. 
U these were taxed we beUeve 
that it would greatly accelerate 

the speed with which better 
engines and fuels .would appear. 

Our main objection to Pro-
position 18 Is in the funding of 
mass transit systems. It ap-
pears that the general physical 
configuration of California, 
Southern California in particu-
lar, does not lend itseU to any of 
the proposed mass transit sys-
tems. The cost of even a mini-
mal system to serve either Los 
Angeles or San Diego Is 

VON" BuR N IT .... 
WAS~ iT I 

Page 4 Triton Times October 20, 1970 

staggering, and In addition to 
this great cost, the percentage 
of people served in relation to 
this cost is remarkably low. 

For example, the system that 
was voted down In Los Angeles 
would ha ve cost $5 bUllon, and 
would have provided under two 
per cent of the total transporta-
tion service required. At the 
same time a system of freeways 
costing $3 billion would ptovide 
40 per cent of the service 
required. 

U one will just consider what 
$2 billion could do for the poor 
and disadvantaged, let alone 
how to handle the remaining 
transportation requirements, 
one can see the magnitude of 
the problem. 

Pollution today seems to be 
the magic pass word. Just 
mention the word or connect it 
with any program, and people 
who oppose you are labeled 
defilers of the environment. 

The pollution caused by auto-
mobiles should be controlled, 
and this control should be paid 
for by the polluters; but to tie in 
a mass transit system, to subsi-
dize a program that has yet to 
show any value, is an attempt to 
improperly divert taxpayers' 
money. 

If Proposition 18 is passed not 
only will we wind up with a 
transit ystem that can only 
serve a tiny portion 01 the popu-
lace, but our present system 01 
transport will be allowed to 
deteriorate. this wUlleave us In 
a spectacularly unenviable 
po itlon. 

The Admini.,ro,;on 
-

Policy on 
Off-Campus 
Employ~rs 

Tom Hull 
College Dean 

Revelle College 

Representatives of the military services are 
scheduled to visit our campus the last ten days of 
this month. Visits by representatives of tilt: 
military and other agencies - General Motors, 
General Electric, Dow Chemical and the CIA -
have almost always been opposed by some 
members of the UCSD conununity. Some serious 
problems have developed as a result and we 
have never really addressed ourselves to them. I 
think it is long past the time for us to do so. . 

The primary question to be asked and an-
swered is this : "What should our policy be with 
respect to on~ampus visits by off~ampus 
agencies offering employment opportunities to 
students and alumni?" Any attempt to answer 
this question will bring us face to face with 
questions concerning the proper functions of the 
university, academic freedom, and civil liber-
ties. We will also have to decide who among us 
should make the final determination as to what 
our policy should be. 

Campus Operated Under Open Policy 
So far our campus has operated under what is 

conunonly referred to as an open policy. Under 
this policy off campus employers have been 
granted equal access to the campus and certain 
of its facilities and services provided they met 
the following conditions: 

( 1) Offered numerative and lawful em-
ployment opportunities to our students and 
alwnni. 

(2) Did not discriminate on grounds of sex, 
race, ancestry, color, national origin, or religion .. 

(3) Honored negotiations and commitments 

(4) Were willing to meet in an open session to 
answer questions put to them by members of the 
UCSD conununity. This basic policy, with the 
exception of the last condition, was voted on by 
students in a referendum conducted by the 
Associated Students of UCSD on May 5, 1968. It 
was supported by a majority of the students who 
voted. 

Alternatives Discussed 
Two alternatives to this policy have been 

discussed on our campus at various times. It 
has been suggested that we might move to a 
"closed policy," which would be to say that no 
off~ampus agencies would be given access to 
the campus for the purpose of discussing career 
opportunities with students and alwnni. A move 
in this direction would raise some important 
questions which should be given careful study--
and consideration. But, it strikes me as being 
much more defensible on educational and legal 
grounds, than does the second of the alter-
natives. 

Opposes 'Selective Policy' 
It has frequently been suggested that we adopt 

a "selective policy." This policy seems to be 
based on the assumption that someone is 
qualified to determine what thoughts and ideas 
are deserving of expression on our campus, and 
that criteria can be established for determining 
who shall be allowed to appear on campus, and 
who shall not. I am opposed to this policy for two 
reasons: 

(1) Choosing a " job" is a very important step 
that an individual must take. It is, in my view, 
hopefully the end result of having made a 
number of previous critical decisions concern 
ing what he wishes to do with his life, and his 
responsibilities to his fellow man and the society 
in which he lives. I believe that he needs more 
information for arriving at this decision - not 
less. 

Furthermore, to selectively deny the in-
dividual access to certain information, Ideas and 
thoughts, strikes me as an extreme form of 
paternalism. It essentially Infers that some 
people are so immature, insensitive, and lacking 
of sufficient intelligence to make important 
decisions for themselves, that they must be 
protected (rom "dangerous" Ideas. 

(2) The University, in particular, cannot af-
ford to act as if it is afraid of idea., no matter 
what the format in which they are presented 

-even off~ampus employers. Most of all, we 
cannot, in my opinion, afford to take a position 
that denies<:!xpression of ideas on our campus, 
for to do so would have us forge, by our own 
hands, the weapon that could be used for our own 
destruction. 

Should Siudents Decide? 
Those are three possible choices, but who 

should decide which is to be our policy? I think 
one can logically conclude, on the basis of the 
1968 referendum, that students, graduate and 
undergraduate, are the proper constituency to 
make this decision. Recruiting on campus is a 
service to students, therefore I would not per-
sonally oppose the suggestion that students, 
alone, should decide whether or not they want the 
service. I would call attention to the fact that in 
an academic community, our lives are so in-
tertwined, that the final decision affects us all , 
students, faculty and administration. I would 
urge therefore, that very careful consideration 
be given to involving representatives from all 
affected segments of the academic conununity, 
in determining what the policy will be. 

Poinls Cleired Up 
I hope this colwnn will "clear the air" with 

respect to some points which I feel are not 
generally understood by most members of the 
UCSD conununity. Most of all, I hope it will 
serve to initiate serious discussion about the 
policy, and that the discussion will result in 
either a reaffirmation or modification of the 
present policy, or the adoption flf a new policy. 
Although some are a bit repetitious, I would like 
to make the following points: 

(1) The present policy is a service to students, 
and if they do not wish to have it continued, they 
should assume the major responsibllity (or 
seeking a change. 

(2) I would urge that all segments of the 
academic conununity be involved In any plan-
ning and discussions directed to changing or 
modifying the present policy. It is my hope that 
in working together in this particular instance, 
we can in the process, develop productive and 
meaningful ways to address ourselves, as a 
community, to other crucial issues that we are 
sure to face in the future. 

(3) It seems unlikely that our present policy 
will be changed prior to the scheduled visit of the 
military recruiters this month. I would hope that 
those persons who feel compelled by their moral 
convictions to protest the recruiter's appearance 
on campus, will do so, but that they will do it in a 
manner that recognizes and respects the rights 
of other members of our community and its 
guests. 

(4) I am available and anxious to meet with 
any members of the UCSD community who wish 
to work for a change or modification of our 
present policy, or to consider a different policy. 

Want to w rite-
see-

Rich Heimlich 
T . T . City Editor 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

It Stunk 

Editor, The Triton Times 
The following letter was sent 

to the editor of DIMENSION, 
the Journal of Moderate 
Opinion, on campus. 

Thinking that your article 
DIMENSION of September 30, 
on bias in Contemporary Issues 
program, wat! too good to be 
true. Being an ex-reporter and 
an ex'{;I discussion leader, I 
decided to look into the alleged 
abuse of academic freedom for 
myself. 

What I found was that your 
article was a gross distortion of 
fact and a breach of journalistic 
ethics. You failed to mention 
that the booklist that you ob-
jected to was taken from a class 
entitled "A Critique of Radical 
Thought." It would indeed be 
difficult to criticize something 
without first having read the 
material. I can think of no 
better way to examine the 
viability of an idea or social 
program, than through critical 
analysis. However, to have 
reported the intent of the sec-
tion criticized, which would not 
have been unreasonable, would 
have greatly reduced the in-
tended impact of the story. 
Your moderate opinion seems 
to have been replaced by 
outright manufacturing of 
issues. I am sure the SAN 
DIEGO UNION is proud of your 
triumph in quality reporting. 

You fail to mention the name 
of the section Leader, Stu 
Reder, with whom I was teamed 
last year as discussion leader. I 
know him to be a good leader 
and one very apt at conducting 
a critique. His choice of books 
indicates that he is familiar 
with the subject and should 

present a well-rounded 
discussion. 

You assert that the director of 
el, Dr. Lola Schwartz, has 
somehow allowed professional 
standards to slop, by permitting 
indoctrination to creep into the 
program. From personal ex-
perience I know that she would 
never allow such a blatant 
disregard of academic freedom, 
to which you purport to be going 
on, to occur in her department. 
Another fact you ignore is the 
right of the students to choose 
the section they wish to attend. 
If the students are repelled by 
the topic or the discussion 
leader, they have right, 
privilege, and duty to not sign 
up or, once enrolled, to change 
sections. 

Your article made it seem 
that Dr. Schwartz was going to 
bind and gag the students and 
repeat one thousand times the 
Communist Manisfesto, Ihe Bill 
of Rights, Ihe Playboy Forum, 
and other such unprintable 
sacrileges to the mindless, 
helpless, recourse less students. 
The absurdities conveyed by 
your article, which was, I think, 
supposed to defend the students' 
rights to objectivity by exposing 
this obviously ( too obvious) 
radical class, were enough to 
make me doubt the sincerity 
and merit of your poor attempt 
at a responsible, objective, 
moderate, right-headed, god-
fearing, two-sided, red-blooded 
newspaper. If you are going to 
continue in the same vein, I 
suggest you change your 
masthead to read: DIMEN-
SION: Opinionated, Mediocre 
J ournallsm. 

To the readers of this letter I 
apologize for its length. Enough 
of this cliche-filled name calling 
- that article on CI stunk." 
Chris Sheldon 

PSA tel Is 
ucSan 
~. _~s~a n", Franc'sco. San Jose. go I Sacramento. Los 
...""".:... . Hollywood · 

Burbank. and Onta"o 
So go Fr m Sa n D'ego 

Ca ll your campus rep. 
Ira vel agefll . or PSA 

gtves, ,.. a INt. 

' the (t~ 
fashionable .' . 
affordables r@;: J:?" 

f .~!.~ } ~ 
are at ,.J. , - : 

I h' ' 4 

~ 
MI .. lon ValllY ~Ir, 
Gronmont Clnt" 

" I 
I 

-

Yell Like Hell 
Racism On Campus 

Editor : 
Wilh everyone running 

around crying "Off with racisl 
Munsinger's head, Kill the Pig" 
this should be an ilem of in-
leresl 10 everyone. I've asked 
severa I of those yelling the 
loudest if they've been to 
Munsinger's class and read the 
Jensen Theory and sludied Ihe 
refula Is of Ihe Jensen theory . 
Mosl will tell you no . Let's all 
hope Munsinger is wrong, but 
let's not make fools of ourselves 
when we don 'I know what were 
lalking about. You can'l fighl 
racisls with rheloric 
denouncing racism. To "ex· 
pose" Munsinger you have 10 
expose some evidence. Before 
you screa m, read Jensen, read 
his crilics, listen to Munsinger 
and THEN yell like hell. 
T. D. Blue 

The University has 
traditionally been a vehicle for 
bourgeois ideology. Its main 
purpose has been to chan-
nel individuals into the 
segments of society which will 
best support its present 
structure. The teaching of 
Arthur Jensen 's theory of 
liberal racism on this campus 
makes this function ever more 
lucid. 

The theory originated in 1967 
with the Berkeley professor's 
asswnption that the lower socio-
economic classes are 
genetically, not en-
vironmentally, deficient. The 
manner in which Jensen went 
about his theory, i.e. assuming 
Blacks and Browns were in-
ferior then setting out to prove it 

t r iton tiD1.es 
Editor-in-Chief ... Haywood Gammon 

City Editor ... .. .. . . .. . .. . .. Ri eh He imli ch 
Managing Editor .. . . .... . . . . . . . Mik e Klaye r 
Copy Editor .•....... . . .... . Chuck G raha m 
8usine sMa nage r . .... . ..... . . . . . 1effFri cd 
Editorial Director .... .. .. . . . Raoul Contreras 
As ociate Ci t y Editors .. Owen Joyner , John Maxwe ll 
Art s EdiLor . . .... ..... .. .- ... . T e rr y Barak 

ports Editor . . .. .... .... . . . . Rock y' Halfo n 
Photography Editor .... . ... ..... Joh n Zall ce 
Contributing Editor. . . . . . . . . . . . teve Landa u 

The TRITON TIMES i. officially recognized and .upported a s Q Sfudent 
new.paper by the Communications Boa rd of the University of Californ ia , 
San Diego. Building 250. Matthew. Camp us, La Jolla , California 92037. 
Publ ication i. twice weekly on Tuesdoy. and friday •. Office. are located 
in room 117. Bloke Hall. on the Revell. Campu •. For Adverti. ing phone 
453-2000. XlO17; for ed itorial or new. phone XIO I6. 

II .... 1 11111 .tl ti ... ry 
1ft . l teri. 1I 

hlll ... r" cerda 
perty. ,0011. 

nortIt coast stationers 
127 lIorth highw.y 101 solen. beach 

7!i!i-4923 

Iffice .uppli .. 

RARE BIRD 
HANDLERS 

.chool .upplill 

WANTED 
College students interested in 
flying Navybirds all around the 
world as pilots or flight offi-
cers after graduation are elig-
ible. See the Naval Aviation 
Information Team for opportuni-
ties as an officer in Naval Avia-
tion. 

{ 

Place: Blake Hall Lounge 
Time: 23 Oct. 9 a.m.-2 p.m. 
Once you have completed your 
Freshman year, YOU CAN APPLY. 

by SDS 

by digging up statistics that over the heads of the rest of the 
could be interpreted as sup- working class. 
porting his hypothesis, in-
dicates that it was merely a 
means of legitimizing racism. 

The problem now is not with 
Jensen's theory, this has been 
effectively repudiated many 
times by revealing serious 
flaws and contridictions in his 
proofs. Now however, we must 
contend with the racist policies 
of our university where Jen-
sen's Theory is being given 
validation. It is appalling that 
such publi.city and support is 
being supplied to such racist 
ideology. Not only has the 
media provided a sounding 
board for this theory but also 
the University is supplying 
facilities and the opportunity 
for further research on the 
topic. 

There is no coincidence in the 
fact this theory lay fallow for 
several years and is just 
recenUy coming to light. For it 
is only now that Blacks, 
Chicanos and other lower 
socioeconomic groups are 
plying for better jobs and 
positions in the University. 
Hence, it is now that the 
bourgeoisie needs to stir up 
racism; the reasons for this are 
obvious. The socio-economic 
advance of these racial groups 
would prove to be a real loss to 
the ruling class. It would break 
down the divisions among the 
people and detract from the 
essential role these groups now 
play. There would no longer be 
a scapegoat and weapon to hold 

Even the entertainment, in 
discussion or thought, is un-
deniahly racist. This is not a 
question of academic freedon-
people should not be free to 
teach racism. 

It is our contention that such 
attempts at legitimizing racism 
are not to be allowed at the 
University or elsewhere, and we 
must do all possible to stop 
those who teach racism on this 
campus. We must rid the 
campus of all racism. 

:.:. :.:.:. :;:;:.:. :.:.:.:.:.:~:.:.:.: ~:;:;:~:;:;:.:;:.:.:.:. :.:.:.: 

Lithograph Exhibit 
Nearly 100 Tamarind Litho-

graphs from The Gallery's 
Collection are currenUy on view 
at the Fine Arts Gallery of San 
Diego, Balboa Park, through 
November 8, 1970. 

The Tamarind Lithography 
Workshop in Los Angeles, 
California, was a non-profit 
organization devoted to the 
stimulation and preservation of 
the art of the lithograph . 
Funded by the Program in 
Hwnanities and the Arts of the 
Ford Foundation , and through 
the efforts of artist, June 
Wayne, the declining art of 
lithography in the United States 
was eventually resuscitated. 

SOUNDSVILLE 
everyday low prices 

plus specia Is! 

RECORDS·T APES 
four stores to serve you 

1231 ,Ifll.t IV. 
,lCific lII.aelll 

cell,,1 IV •• 1111 
. 1 cej • • IIIIYII 

... IIi • • • 

PACIFIC HONDA 

6OS4 1I •• ,.rt IVI 
.cel, hull 

1111111 .. Inll 
."' ..... In 

cl. ir.lllt 

Waljahead 
and all alone. 

1269 GARNET - PACIFIC BEACH 
Insurance Available/Cloted Sundoys 

Triton Time, October 20r 1970 Page 5 



Friday Night Flicks 
The mentors of the Friday Nite rucks this quarter have suc-

cumbed to the irresistable flair of Hollywood. The films for the 
remainder of this year are rich in cinematic suspense as only 
Hollywood can evoke. On October 23 the thrills and spills will 
begin as Cary Grant and Audr~y Hepb~n ~ke ~ o~ a magic 
carpet ride through the world of lI1ternatlonalll1~lgue m S~le.y 
Donen's caper, CHARADE. This not-so-dasslC wh<Hlun-lt IS 
pleasantly immersed in a sufficient amount of chuckles to make 
the violence palatable.- Henry Mancini's popular . score pots a 
slick gloss over this epic and we all go home hwnf!ung. 

On the following Friday, Oct. 30, THE BLOB slithers ~ur wa~ . 
This film is notable in that it was Steve McQueen's cmematic 
debut and consequently allowed him to remain unknown for a 
number of years hence. For those of you not in the know, the plot 
of THE BLOB is extraordinarily unique. A gelatinOUS substance 
lands on the planet Earth and immediatly attempts to devour all 
of the inhabitants. Two teenagers discover the tragic occurence 
and attempt to notify the proper authorities, a noble and 
righteous thing to do. Thinking that boys will be boys ( e~en 
though the teenagers are named Steve and Nancy) the police 
ignore the alarm and thus the carnivorous Jello wreaks havoc 
throughout the land".Steve and Nancy, however, not ~o be 
discouraged, discover a deterent for THE BLOB ( converuen~y 
typecast) and America is saved. Burt B~chra;h and J:ial DaVid 
wrote the unforgettable title song for this pOignant film about 
the youth culture 

Change of Fare 
It is obvious that the directors of the FNF (as we affectlona.lly 

call the series) made a mistake somewhere along the line 
because the next two consecutive weeks have some honestly 
good films. On November 6th two films by Alfred Hitchcock are 
featured PSYCHO and THE SABOTEUR. I just recently saw 
PSYCHO at the Unicorn and I am convinced that it is one of the 
most frightening films ever made. The scen~s in whi~h 
psychopathic killer Norman Bates (Anthony Perkins) conuruts 
his crimes are hideously real and attack all of our senses of 
security and disinvolvement. On the same bill as PSYCHO .~d 
THE SABOTEUR is UN CHIEN ANDALOU, the surrealistic 
classic short made in the 20's by Salvador Dali and Louis 
Bunuel. . 

On the following week, Nov. 13, MEDIUM COOL will be 
shown. Haskell Wexler's masterpiece is a document on the 
insensitivity which the mass media has bred into us. It is con-
cievable that MEDIUM COOL is the most politically potent film 
of the 60's. . . 

After the brief excursion into the realm of quality cmema, the 
FNF will present THE IPCRESS FILE and MICKEY.ONE. The 
former film was made in 1966 and stars Michael Came, whose 
sexual charisma makes the film a must for all female 
anglophiles. Enjoy, enJoy. The second filJ!l of the e~e~~ is 
MICKEY ONE (of no genetic relationship to that lI1sld~ous 
rodent-perhaps spiritual starring another one of the bright 
young faces of the 60's-Warren Beatty. Aside from the fact that 
the film is one of director Arthur Penn's ("Alice 's Restaraunt", 
"Bonnie and Clyde") least important achievements, it is totally 
undistinguished. The music of the film is played by Stan Getz. 
Close your eyes and listen. 

ON ST AGE THRU NOV. 1 

7~1tWa 7~ Sped ~ flad 
by Jerome lowrence and 
Robert E. lee 
A stimulating provocative new 
drama about the great American 
individual ist Henry David 
Thoreau 

Sludenb n,5o 
uc. Sit. nit, 

" '" & " 00 (Tv., • Wed , thvr • "'1\ 'WI ) 
13 00 & USO Cfrl.. Sot lv.e ' 
'l 00 . " lO t""' .... ") 
' 1..50 S'w, rh'\I (011 , ~ ("I." . d MII . .. c Sot. (¥t. 

phon. 239.2255 g~:~ 
or Central Box Office, 
Lobby. Urey Hall, UCSD 

olb globt tbtatrt 
bolboa po,k 

Page 6 Triton Time, OctoNr 20, 1970 

Leon Russpll sings 01 Ihe piano, on Ihe lefl, and on Ih e righI, Hal Tuna ploys in fronl of Ihe crowd or 
C D 's baseball field lasl unday. Phoros by Jan Fronek. 

A Beautiful Day 
Cool weather and good music brought approximat.ely 6.000 

people to UCSD's new intercollegiate baseball faclltty la t 
Sunday . The featured attractions were Hot Tuna, Leon Russell . 
and Pink Floyd; also, Soulhwind and a loca l group, DryCreek 
Road , played. But the concert, put on by Sunrise ProductIOns In 
conjunction with the ASUCSD Program Board, did have Its 
sour note - there not being enough money taken in to pay the 
costs. As a result of low ticket prices and sa les, and a 
multitude of free-loading fence-hoppers, Sunrise tenalively 
estimated its loss at about $8,000. Sunrise, at thi s point, does 
not expect to put on any more concerts due to the debts 
incurred in doing this one. . 

The concert set-up on Sunday had many outstanding 
features . The stage was at home base, and placed high enough 
so that all had a clear view of what was going on. People 
sprawled leisurely across the playing field , and many rambled 
about-everyone had the chance to get as close to the stage as 
they wanted. Even when seen from a seat in the outfield. the 
group on stage was in easy viewing distance - a real . hock to 
those of us accostumed to the concerts staged by bIg-name 
promoters in Southern California. (Does that bring to mind 
memories of strained eyes at the Sports Arena , or fumbling 
with binoculars at the Hollywood Bowl?) . Last, and by no 
means least, the sound (provided by Tycobrahe) was 
excellent : Undistorted. the voices easy to hear. and It wa 
possible to engage in conversation if not seated in the infield . 

( HEAT OFF 
The security arrangements, or lack of , were largely to blame 

for the multitudes of fence hoppers (a nd the resultant loss of 
money at the gate ). Both the Tipton Police (privately hired 
guard s) and their student monitors merely watched, hands In 
pockets. as people ran, jU!1lped, and climbed over t~e fence 
into the field - the secunty forces obVIOusly feanng any 
confrontation which might result in a fiasco like the Santana 
Concert here last year (when the San Diego Police were called 
in to restore " order"). After enough people climbed in to make 
security look meaningless. the gates were opened to allow free 
access to anyone outside. It is important to note that since tbe 
security police remained at all times outside the fence , there 
was a very relaxed atmo phere inside: no Big Brother amongst 
the ranks of the audience means a lack of paranoia and better 
limes for all. 

Leon Ru sell opened his performance with a solo rend ition of 

Orson Wells Festival 
The Unicorn Cinema in La 

Jolla, has organized and is 
presenting to the public from 
October 13 thrQugh November 3, 
a program paying deta!led 
tribute to the work of American 
film director Orson Welles. 

Welles, who was born in 1915, 
first came into prominence 
through his early stage and 
radio experience. He organized 
the innovative Mercury 
Playhouse and electrified the 
country with his radio versioll of 
H. G. Wells ' War of the Worlds, 
which was mistaken by millions 
for an actual report of an in-
vasion from Mars. His first 
film , Citizen Kane (1941 ) was a 
dazzling artistic success and 
has proved to be one of the most 
influential films in the history of 
cinema. He has continued his 
film making to this moment, 
achieving an ever deepening 

mastery of the medium, but 
meeting with small financial 
gain. He continues to act and 
with the proceeds from this 
finance, in part, his film 
projects. 

The Unicorn is presenting his 
films in the following order : 
October 30, Mr. Arkadin (lfm 
and The Lady From 
ShanghailI9471; October 21 ·27 
The Immortal Story(968) and 
Chimes at Midnight( 1967) ; 
October 28·30, The Third Man 
(1949) and Touch Of Evii(1958) ; 
October 31·November 3, Citizen 
Kane(1940·41l and Journey Into 
Fear(l942). 

The Unicorn 's showings 
represent, in many cases, the 
first San Diego theatrical 
presentation since the films ' 
original release. The Immortal 
Story, showing from October 21 -
'l7, Is Welles' most recent film 
and is having here its San Diego 
premiere. 

STAMP OUT ~ 
DUll DORMS • 
~......lt-----.,." 

rl" et ,II lizil 
4.1 .,6 I xl UI 

ORIENTAl C~A/:.;~~~~~~~~ffi!;;;mrm~~~ 
.. 21 LA JOllA BLVD LA 

Dylan's "North Country Blues"! accompanying ~ir:n se lf .on 
piano. In subsequent numbers. hIS back-up group Jomed him 
with bass, guitar, drums, and voice - a large Improvement 
over Russe ll 's opening solo. Russell became hiS ~?st alive 
when doing Bill Haley 's piece, "Great Balls of Fire and hIS 
own composition, "Woman of the Country". However, he 
failed to achieve the same intensity as on hi s album (" Leon 
Russell" on Shelter Records). This may have been a result of 
the lack of audience response- a performer need to know that 
he is being appreciated to do his best- and for some reason, 
there was little enthusiasm visible in the crowd . 

TUBa Blue 
Hot Tuna composed of two Jefferson Airplane members, 

bassist Jack Cassady and lead guitarist Jorma Kaukonen (both 
merely moonlighting- the Airplane is alive. and well , and b~sy 
recording a new album at present ), and W,ll Scarl~ll , playmg 
harmonica. Hot Tuna plays the root musIc of to~ay s ro~k !l~ 
jazz-blues originating in the black slave days In the MISSIPPI 
Delta region. Both Kaukonen's guitar and Scarlett's harp le~ 
themselves well to that tradition, while Cassady's dynamiC 
bass adds the touch of contemporary sound (basses were 
rarely used by the old-time bluesmen ). Hot Tuna chose to play 
several numbers composed by the late Reverand Gary Davis, a 
blind master of the blues. These included : " True Religion". 
"Candy Man" and familiar to those who have heard the album 
" Hot Tuna" , ':Death Don 't Have 0 Mercy." . 

The simpl st description of Hot Tuna's performance IS 
TIGHT. That can be extended to mean a well-syncopated 
interplay of finger·picked electric guitar a nd driving ·(,;,ss. 
accompanied by good blues harp. Hot Tuna iJ better ~n stage 
than on record. but still watch for " Electric Hot Tuna (yet to 
be relea ed on RCA Records ). 

10 The Pink . 
Pink Floyd was the last group to perform, coming.on stage as 

it became chilly and the un was going down. They displayed an 
array of orgiastic electronic sounds, as the audience re ponded 
more actively than it had throughout the rest of the day-
perhaps as much a result to the falling tempera ture as to Pink 
Floyd 's virtuousity. . . 

As the sun was setting over the hills, the day and the musIc 
both climaxed at their best, as Pink Floyd played "Set the 
Controls For the Heart of the Sun." It was a good end for a 
good Sunday afternoon. 

The Unicorn is supplementing 
its film showings with readings 
and tapes, playing during in· 
termissions , which present 
Welles in a variety of dramatic 
readings including the original 
version of War Of The Worlds. 
For more information call 454-
7373. 

Blues Happening 
Tonight 

Eddie "Cleanhead" Vinson, a 
blues singer who starred earlier 
this month at the Monterey Jazz 
Festival, will perform today at 
UCSD. Vinson will share the 
stage with Jesse Price, another 
veteran blues performer, and 
his band. 

The concert has been set for 8 
p.m. in Recital Hall on the 
Matthews Campus at UCSD. 
Tickets are $2 and $4, and will 
be available at the door. 

Vinson, who got his start in 
his hometown of Houston, Texas 
in the Thirties, also plays alto 
sax. He broke into bigtime jazz 
ranks with the Cootie Williams 

FINAL WIIKSI 
AQUARIUS THEATER 

6230 Sunlit II.d. 
461·J571 

anl'''IT lIcem $l.5O Oft HII h,lI hour ...... ",,1, ., lor 
, II ptrl.,m..,cu. (I ... ltel '" •• , 111'11.1,) 

1.0. ~ Ir ... 

band in the Forties, and after a 
hit record "Kidney Stew Blues" 
in 1942, organized his own 
group. He has been a soloist 
since 1954. 

Price began as a drummer in 
the riverboat days of jazz. He 
accompanied Ma Rainey and 
Bessie Smith, legendary blues 
singers. In 1935, Price became 
the first drummer in the 
original Count Basie band and 
later replaced Chick Webb 
when the famQus drummer 
died. He recently recorded with 
Capital records. 

Price, who also sings, will be 
accompanied by Wallace 
Brodis, tenor, baritone and 
clarinet; Chuck Norris, bass, 
Jimmy Bunn, plano, and Wally 
Hugg, trombone. 

The concert is presented as a 
section of a University Ex· 
tension course, "The Blues," 
and a second concert will be 
presented on Nov. 10. 

PAc~r~c 
YAMAKA 

complete sales 
& service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
. 1561 .er.'t IW. 

ecltie r.IH. 274-U43 . 

Triumphant again , the croll-counlry team 
keeps chooglin. 

Runners Rumble 
On Hilly Course 

by Gay Smilh 
Last Saturday the UCSD Cross Country Team competed 

against Pasadena College at the Brookside Golf Course in 
Pasadena . The Brookside course is 4.5 miles long with an 
almosl endless selection of steep hills. Although the rough hills 
and unfamiliar terrain created problems, UCSD still made its 
lead to win 21 to 37 against Pasadena College. 

McNeice from Pasadena essentially lead the race for a full 
3.25 miles of the 4.5 mile course. Ed Avol paced 35 ya rds behind 
Bob DeLeonardis who followed the leader of occasionally 
challenged McNiece for that leading p'osilion. Bob has 
developed a considerable skill at running hills and 0 was able 
to perform so expertly, running neck-and-neck with McNiece 
on many of the hills. At approximately the 3.5 mile mark, not 
only did Ed Avol approach Bob DeLeonardis. bu t pa sed 
McNiece as well with an energetic down hill sprint. 

With this tough course, Ed Avol placed first wi th a time of 
24:41 , Bob DeLeonardis followed 3 sec. later for second place. 
5th lhrough 8th place were captured by Jerry King, Randy 
Twombly, Clark Rosen and Kirk Newel respectively. Mark 
Koide placed 12th, fini shing the UCSD TEAMS ROSTER. The 
remarkable team effort on this course. coupled with the 
fantastic efforts o[ Ed Avol and Bob DeLeonardis, enabled the 
Triton Cross-Country Team to capture first place. Thi s 
coming Saturday will be a home meet against Azusa Pacific 
and San Diego Tract 7 Field B Team. 

Triton Wrestlers 
Begin Work-O uts 

Everybody over at the gym knows when wrestling season is 
about to begin. They see Coach Chuck Millenbah wandering 
around with a far-off look in his eye . mumbling about single-
leg takedowns, 30-second pins, and managers who forget to 
wind stop watches. And they shake lheir heads knowingly. and 
brace themselves for the triumph and trauma of another 
season of the most grueling (a nd , e pecially for pectators. 
nerve racking) sports on campus. 

The Triton grapplers, who officially begin workouts today al 
4 o'clock in the wrestling room. came away last season with a 
12-3 win· lose record . They face an even more demanding 
schedule thi s year. which will include heavyweights UCSB. San 
Diego State. Pomona and Pasadena, but the team's strength, 
augmented by ome tough newcomers and a corps of hardened 
veterans. should more than compensate. Always very strong in 
the lower weights, the Tritons will find their job made easier 
by a promising upper-weight roster, and thi should be the key 
to the team's success this year. 

Coach Millenbah expects a lot from his returning lettermen, 
and he has every right to. since those expectations are based on 
some impressive credentials. Al liS , sophomore Ed "The Flea" 
Calugay is returning with a 16·5 record . a championship title at 
the Cal Tech tournament. and a third place in the District 3 
Champio]1ship, to put him high on the " Great Expectations" 
list. He's followed by another sophomore at 126--Javier Correa. 
nicknamed "Speedy" after an unprecedented 30 second pin last 
year . Not only did he carry of[ a 14-5 record, a championship at 
Cal Tech, and a second in District 111 , but he was also named 
most valuable freshman. 

Mike Ditomaso, a 142 pound sophomore, and John Gressard, 
junior at 150, are much improved and counted on for 
outstanding performances this season. Ditomaso is looking 
forward to outdoing his own 15-7 record. Also returning is 
senior captain Bob Wilson, to command the 134 position . 

An uneasy question mark will mar the Triton's offensive 
machine at the 167 weight where senior Fred Grunewald has 
held the team's " most va luable wrestler" award the past two 
years. Grunewald uffered a torn knee ligament while 
wrestling last season bu t the local witch doctor patched him up 
admirably·-he·s out kicking soccer balls and that knee should 
be better than ever. 

ew muscle on the mat which promises to fortify the Triton 
attack will be provided by frosh Ronald Uyeda . a 190 pound 
powerhouse ; sophomore John Knapp, at 177 ; and freshman 
Jose Salazar at 158. Other newcomer include Stephan Sanne. 
Bob Miller , and Jim Eller. 

And, as an extra· pecial threat for local fan . the Tritons 
have even managed to chedule some home matches·-six in all . 
the first against Santa Barbara on Dec. 5. 

Anyone intere ted in intercollegiate wre tling ( orry 
Women 's Lib--men only ) should contact Coach Millenbah at the 
pool office , or come by the wrestling room Monday·Friday. 4 to 
6p.m. 

Student, Fa(u Ity I Stoff Recreation Clubs 
CLUB CONTACT MEETING TIME PLACE 

Muir Outing Barbara Hickey-X-I088 Sat. & Sun. 
Tom Dejanero 'l73-7478 Oct. 17 & 18 Taquitz Mt. Climb/ 

rope climb 
Synchronized Mon .,.Pet. 19 

Pool-AAU demonstration & film Swim Kathy Dennett 453-4252 Fridays 2-4 p.m. & 6p.m. 
Mondays 6:30 p.m. 

Surfing 
6 p.m. PE Classroom Gary Beckeker 75~25 Tue., Oct. 20 

Judo 
PE Classroom Clark Edson X-1729 Tue., Oct. 20 12-1 

Horseback Ftiding 
7 p.m. PE Classroom Monte Vista Ranch, El (Trail Ride & Barbecue) Sandy Rokop-1260 Tue., Oct. 20 

Sat. , Oct. 31 9-12 Cajon 

Yoga Chela Wakefield 453-6764 Every Tue . & Thurs. 12-1 Wrestling Room 

Fencing Jim White X-2275 Fridays 3-5 N. Balcony (gym) 

Mens Conditioning Russ Hatch X-2283 Mon.-Thurs. 12-1 pool patio 

Women's Conditioning Beth Josi Tues. &' Thurs. 12-1 Volleyball Court 

Tennis Jens Birktoft 488-4816 Mon. & Weds. 12-1 #5 & 6 Tennis Courts 

Folk Dance Jim Ling X-2644 Fridays nights 8-12 Gym 

Karate Dr. Thiess X-2434 Saturdays 9-11 Gym 

1J~SKBl'~~ 
MANAGER NEEDED ~~ 

Conta~t Coach Cunningham 

the store 
crafts 

candles 
cards 

posters 

PE Dept. 621 p .. rl 457-1436 

Triton wrestlers will be slarling praclice this week . 

Contact 
Mike Klayer 

TRITON TIMES 
Office 
If You 

Have Experience 
In Page Layout 

A Stuffed T ortilia, COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANK 
A Jug of Wine 327 F st. 
and Thou- PAYS DONORS Mexican Food for service at its best 
like wow! Tue. thru Fri. 

160 Garnet 9:30 - 7:30 Cas. Sat. 9:30 · 5:30 
AI Jones Padfic Closed Sun. " MOD. Beach 233 - 8328 

COl'DS 
JeANS "TWILL5 
FLAilS> 

Triton Times October 20, 1970 Page 7 



TUESDAY - October 20 

LECTURES-12 noon, 2622 
USB, AMES Fluid Dynamics 
Fibn Series, TiUe of film: 
"Deformation of a Continuous 
Media." 

4 p.m., HL 1148, Solid State 
Physics Seminar, Dr. J : L. 
Beeby, Harwell, England, 
"Atom-surfact Scatterings." 

4 p.m., 2622 USB, Chemical 
Physics Seminar, Dr. Bruce 
Mahan, UCB, "Ion Molecule 
Reaction Synamics." 

6:30 p.m., Dr. James R. 
Nelson, Professor and Vice-
Chairman of the Department of 
Neurology, School of Medicine, 
will be guest on "Topic," KF-
MB-Radio (760) to speak on 
"Drug Abuse and the Nervous 
System." 

MOV I ES-Unicorn , Orson 
Welles Festival, last night for 
"Lady from Shanghai" and 
"Mr . Arkadin". Complete 
showings at 7 p.m. and 10: 15 
p.m. $1.50. For more info call 
454-7373. 

MUSIC-Concert, Eddie 
"Cleanhead" Vinson and Jesse 
Price Blues Band, 8 p.m. $2., in 
the Recital Hall, Matthews 
Campus. This concert is 
presented as a section of a Uni-
versity Extension course, "The 
Blues. " 

SPORTS-The Judo Club is 
having an organizational 
meeting for all interested 
students, faculty, and staff at 1 
p.m. in the PE classroom, or 
contact Clark Edson ext. 1729, 
1413 Bonner Hall. 

Sports Arena , 8 p.m., Basket-
ball, San Diego Rockets vs. 
Phoenix Suns. For more info 
call 224-4171. 

WEDNESDAY - October 21 

LECTURES-12 noon, 1105 
BSB, Neurosciences Seminar, 
Dr. LaVerne Johnson, Naval 
Hospital Medical Neuro-
psychiatric Research Unit, 
"Stages of Sleep, Performance 
and Computer Correlates." 

4 p.m., 2145 Ritter Hall, 
Marine Chemistry Seminar, Dr. 

Have you tried 
Roas Beef & 
Crea~ll Cheese 
on Russian Rye 
with a slice of 

B~rmuda 
Onion? 

It's sold daily 8 a .m. 
to 11 p.m . at the 

offee Hut, owned 
and operated by the 
ASUCSD. 

Page 8 Triton Time. 

John Bauman Jr., "Interaction 
of Metal Ions with Amino Acids 
by Titration Calorimetry." 

4 p.m., Informal Lounge, Re-
velle, History Colloquium, Pro-
fessor Gotthold Rhode, Uni-
versity of Mainz, Germany, 
"The Polish Spring of October, 
1956 and the Prague Spring of 
1968- A Comparative Analy-
sis." 

4 p.m., 2722 USB, Physics 
Seminar, Dr. Kip Thorne, 
" Experimental Tests of 
General Relativity." 

4:30 p.m., 2105 Bonner Hall, 
Biology Seminar, Dr. Edwin 
Lennox of Salk, " Cell Coopera-
tion in Antibody Formation 
Using an in vitro System." 

6:30 p.m., Dr. N. Terence 
Edgar, Coordinating Staff Geo-
logist for the Deep Sea Drilling 
Project, will be guest on 
"Topic," KFMB-Radio (760). 

7:30 p.m., Student Lounge, 
Revelle Commons, Regents' 
Lecturer Cid Corman will speak 
"On Editing Origin I." 

8:30 p.m., The BBC-produced 
"Civil ization" program, a 13-
week color series is being shown 
on channel 15, and repeated at 9 
p.m. on Sundays. A television 
will be set up in the Humanities 
Annex in the Humanities 
Library for all persons in-
terested. 

SPORTS-4:30 p.m. Varsity 
Water Polo, UCSD vs. Redlands 
at the UCSD Natatorium. 

MOV I ES- Coffee Hut enter-
tainment, film entiUed "The 
Mouse That Roared." 

MEETINGS-Anthropology 
Club meets at 4 p.m. in 2A-2301. 

CAREER SEMINAR-Repre-
sentatives of the U.S. Coast 
Guard will be on campus to 
conduct a career seminar. T HIS 
IS NOT A RECRUITING ACTI-
VITY. For more info call the 
Caree: Education Planning and 
Placement Office. 

THURSDAY - October 22 

LECTURES-12 noon, Sumner 
Auditorium, Sumner noon 
Series, Susan Weiler, "Students 

CONTRl)VERSIAL 
BOOK STORE 

129&-15601 

3021 Dal"nlty 

and Wildlife in Kenya," color 
slide show. 

8 p.m., 2622 USB, Organic 
Chemistry Seminar, Dr. Ed-
ward Alexander, "Some Inter-
esting Topics in Organic Photo-
chemistry. " 

8 p.m., IGPP Conference 
Room, SIO, Marine Geology 
Seminar, Dr. E. Allison, SDSC, 
"Paleontological Investigations 
in the Central Pacific." 

FRIDAY - October 23 

LECTURES-12 noon, Sumner 
Auditorium, Marine Biology 
Seminar, Dr. A. J . Kniazeff, 
" Tissue Culture of Marine 
Mammals." 

4 p.m., 2A-7421 , Professor 
RoH Nevanlinna, visiting pro-
fessor from the Finnish Aca-
demy of Sciences. Lecture tiUe 
to be announce. 

MUS I C-Coffee Hut entertain-
ment at 9 p.m. 

MOVI ES-Friday Night Flicks, 
2722 USB, 7:30 p.m., "Charade" 
and "The Silent World." 

Unicorn, Orson Welles Festi-
val continues with "The Im-
mortal Story" and "Chimes at 
Midnight" Showings at 7, 10, 
and 12 p.m. For more info call 
454-7373. 

S PO RTS- Synchronized 
Swimming at 2 p.m. in the pool. 

Hockey at the Sports Arena, 
San Diego Gulls vs. Phoenix at 8 
p.m. For more info call 224-4171. 

CLUB MEETINGS-interna· 
tlonal Club at 7:30 p.m. in the 
Informal Lounge. All students 
welcome. 

CAREER SEMINAR-The 
representative of the U.S. Navy 
will be on campus to conduct a 
career seminar. THIS IS NOT A 
RECRUITING ACTIVITY. For 
more info call the Career 
Education Planning and Place-
ment Office at 250 MC. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

The UCSD Tennis Club has 
formed for all those interested 
in meeting others who like to 
play. There will be ladder 
competition, open tournament 
play, and individual games will 
be improved. The club will be 
meeting on Mondays and 
Wednesdays at 12 noon on 
courts 5 & 6. For more informa· 
tion call Jens Birktoft, ext. 1432 
Dr 488-4816, 

~11iI1tJ; 
CEREBRAL 

PALSY./~~· 

arts writers needed 
see terry 

. ',I). 
.' 8 4~ 

folk arts 
blues , folk JIZZ, 

rock on record 
Ilso : pottery , jewelry, 
Illther, 

hind mlde clothes 
3753 indil 

(corner wuhiJ1'gton 
end indil) 

ro~n~OL~lilTS'1IEAP 11t.~·CAllJLtS-l£~TH~R· rd.rt rttu5'lA'llJIKIj 
~21i W5~~~ 5UP .• MIS~O~ ~A'A. Tn.4 ~ 

October 20, 1970 

Classifieds ' 
For Sale 

1964 V.W. Bus with 1970 1600 cc 
engine 2 barrell carbo fold out bed 
wi mattress ·carpet panneiling & 
drapes . New brakes & rebuilt 
transmission. Call John at X· 1016 or 
222-2517 . 

urfboards-6 ' 8 " Nuuhiwa 
Team board 550. 6'8" O'Neill 
520. 7'8" Del 01 Gun 550. 
Rick-308 " 8 " . Ce dro s, 

olana Oeach. 

Almost new acoustic guitar by 
Espana of Finlend. Original 5250 
now SIlO or offer. Call Dick in Ocean 
Beach 224·2070 . 

Personals 

Would whoever ripped off my purse 
at Brian Campbells party Sat. night 
return it to the U CS 0 police station. 
II has my glasses and keys and 1.0. 

Service. 
Baby iller wanted-Wind and 
ea beach area. 2 or 3 arter· 

noon s a week - 454-0985 

Folk guitar teacher. Experienced 
and patient adull. Walkinl! 
distance rrom campu . 453-7647 

Typing : Rea so nable rales ror 
students and teacher . The is, ete. 
Venice 272-10 13. 

Typing ... Experienced typi t ... term 
papers, thesis. Electric t,pewriter. 
Will do rush jobs. 453-~5. 

Handwriting Analysis 
S5.00 

P.O. Box 91 cardiff, Calif. 

Instruction in Bruilian Portuguese 
by Harvlrd grad. Very Reasonable 
276·1051 evenings. 

Roommates 
Wanted 

Female roomate needed, on the 
ocean , outh M i sio n Beach. 
5100. Call 488-8273. 

Job Opportunities 

LAW EMINAR 

Two practici ng allorney will 
be in Conreren e Room IliA, M. 
C., rrom 9 to 10 a .m., Monday, 
October 19, 1970, to talk with 
stud ents interested in careers 
in law. They will describ the 
law·school experience, the kind 
or work perrormed by law),ers, 
some or the pleasure, rrustra· 
tions, hazards, etc., law tudent! 
and law ye r s, may ex peri e nce 

Following the se minar, Mr . 
William Levinson, rrom a law 
firm in Chicago, will be available 
to tatk with students who may be 

interested in the Northwe tern 
niversity ehool or Law. He will 

be available until approximately 
2 nr3 p.m. 

They are the instant success 
way to a good party. Just 
pick one up , invite your 
friends , and sit back and 
smile at the compliments. 

PD,Iy Plet. "A" 
pololo salad 
cole slow 
swiss cheese 
Kosher pickle 
green olives 
S 1.29 per person 
S6.45 for 5 p.ople 

'.rly ,Ie,. "" 
lurkey 
luuhlni hllollo 
paslroml 

pololo salad 
col. slow 
swiss (hit" 
provolone 
grt.n olives 
pepptrS 
SUO ptr person 
SI.50 lor 5 peopl. 

'.rly Plet. "C" 
bak.d ham 
pastrami 
ortllhok. fntollo 

potato solad 
IWISS (hllst 
,.ppe" 

provolon. 
ollns 
pllkl.s 
(01. sl.w 
crabm.at with louis 
or blu. (htlst dressing 

Sl." per person 
SU5 fer 5 ,.opl. 

(no tfly 1M" up for Itss t~ •• 5 ,trstfts) 
CRESCI'S C & M 

Deli and Restaurant 
7833 Girard Avenue 
La Jolla, Calif. 92037 

phone: 459-5191 

Are you 
SHARP, ARTICULATE 
HIGHLY QUALIFIED? 
If so we have a position 
available on full or part time 
basis 

• guaranteed minimum 
salary 
• earn $1200 or more per 
month 
• future management 
possibilities 
• youthfull working conditions 

Presently enrolled COLLEGE 
STUDENTS considered first. 
Previous sa les experience 
desirable. 
Call : LEARNING DYNAMICS 
CORP. 239-5196 234·7060 

THURSDAY 
NIGHT SPECIAL 

Price $ .79 
• 3 charcoal grilled 

dogs 
• oven baked beans 
• sauerkraut 
• brown bread 
• drink of your choice. 

A pe ial ever y 
night at the Coffee 
Hou e, owned and 
operated by the 
A UC D. 


