
Volume 10, Issue 15 University _ of California, San Diego. Tuesday, May 26, 1970 

Close Race for Presidency 
final Run-off Tomorrow 

Roger Showley 
News EdItor 

The race for president and vice-president of the Associated Students 
comes down to the wire when undergraduates return to the polls 
tomorrow to decide between the Mike Palcic-Howie Porter and Jim 
Magill-Bill Keegan tickets. 

Only 46 votes separated Palcic and Magill in the thre~y election 
of last week, and with the announcement by third-place Karl Keating 
that he would support Magill, ~e results could be the closest in years. 
Fourth-place Brian Ritter said he saw no substantial difference in the 
two tickets and would not be voting in the run-off. 

Election Commissioner Cindy Nielsen, in announcing the resUlts at . 
midnisht Friday, urged students to turn out in the elections. "You 
have only Wednesday to vote," she said, and hoped the number of 
voters would exceed the 1392 who participated last week. 

The other races for the six commissionershlps produced two run-offs 
for the offices of l.'ommunity service-between Revelle senior Bruce 
Morden and Muir junior John Shinn- and external affairs, between 
Revelle sophomore Paul Kaufman and Muir sophomore Irwin David-
son. 

All the unopposed candidates were elected, though the newly-elected 
commissioner of academic affairs, Jim Sills, bucked an eleventh-hour 
challenge from Tom Deits and a host of other write-in candidates. 

The six members of the Revelle Committee on College Affairs were 
elected, with Thomas Caryl and James Valk losing by 14 and 54 votes 
respectively. John Campbell and Joe Newman met no opposition in 
their contests for the two posts on Revelle's Executive Committee. 

The turnout for undergraduates over a three-day period was some-
what higher than last year: 37% as against 33~ Out of 2000 Revelle 
students 44% turned out, at Muir 29% of 1500, and for graduate 
students, who voted for the five propositions, 9%of 1100. 

All five propositions passed, with the question involving the Student 
Health Center's policy on birth control winning by 96% to 4~ 

The results of Wednesday's run-offs, Cindy said, can be expected to 
be posted on campus bulletin boards by 9 p.m. 

The official returns of last week's elections are listed below. Per-
centages are derived from the total voting in each race. One asterisk 
signifies those in a run-off; two asterisks signify winners, who will 
take office Friday. 

Total Voting (1290 undergraduates-37%of 3500) 
Revelle 847 
Muir 443 

• Mike Palclc 
• Jim Mag ill 
Karl Keating 

President (1196 voting) 

Brian Ritter (write·ln) 

• Howie Porter 
• Bill Keegan 
Mary. Pat Huxley 
John Karayan 
Others 

Vice· President (1199 voting) 

Commissioner of Community Service (1 048 voting) 
• Bruce Morden 
• John Sh inn 
Doug Trani 
Others 

Commissioner of External Affairs (1068 voting) 
• Paul Kaufman 
• Irw in Davidson 
Montgomery Reed 
Others 

Commissioner of Academic Affairs (999 voting) 
•• J im Sills 
Tom Deits (wr i te in ) 
Oth ers 

Commissioner of Student Welfare (860 voting) 
•• Steve Pomeroy 
Oth ers 

•• Dan Spell ens 
Others 

• • Barbie Butler 
Others 

Program Board Chairman (835 voting) 

Public Relations Director (881 voting) 

44% 
29% 

411 - 34.3% 
365 - 30.5% 
229-19.2% 
191 - 16.0% 

425 - 15.4% 
289 - 25.0% 
266 - 22 .2% 

53 - 4.5% 
166 - 13.0% 

485 - 46.4% 
277 - 26.4% 
268 - 25.5% 

18 - 1.7% 

507 - 47 .5% 
280 - 26.20" 
263 - 24.6% 

18 - 1.6°b 

517 - 51.7°" 
389 - 38.9Qo 

93 - 9.30,0 

667 
193 

762 
73 

693 
188 

Propositions (1392 Including graduat es voting - 30%of 4600) 
Revelle 
MUir 
Graduates 

Yes 
No 

Yes 
No 

Yes 
No 

Y $ 
No 

Undergrads 
Graduales 
To tal 

847 - «%of 2000 
443 - 29%of 1500 

102 - 9%of 1100 

Proposition A : John S. Galbraith Ltbrary (12'7 voting) 

Proposition B : Opposi tion to War Polley 
(1322 votinO) 

Proposition C : Alternative Research Funding 
(1295 voting) 

Proposition D : Birth Control tnfonnaflon 
(1342 voting) 

Proposition E : Expansion 0' Assoclat d Students 
(1283 voting) 

Y s 1008 
Yes 74 
Yes 1082 85°0 

continued on pale t 

1029 - 81% 
238- 19% 

1034 - 78~ 
288 - 22% 

1128 - 87° 
167 - 13~ 

No 181 
No 20 

No 181 - 15°" 

Jill M.gill 

UCR Reporters Convicted 
Mike Malloyand Jim J ohnson, r eporters fro m the 

UCR HIGHLANDER were sentenced last Friday 
to 30 rt?~'; .n the Santa Barbara County jail. The 
convictions resulted from their involvement in the 
Isla Vista riot of February 28. Ass igned to cover 
the riot by mGHLANDER editor Richard Maxwell, 
Malloy and Johnson ended up participating in the 
student-police confrontation and returned early the 
following morning to find their University car 
burned. 

The front page of the March 2 lllGHLANDER 
fea tured a picture of Malloy and Johnson standing 
by their cbarred vehicle. The accompanying s tory 
detailed their activities during the night and 
resulted in an investigation ~Iy the Santa Barbara 
District Attorney. 

Malloy was originally indicted for "hurlinga mis-
sile with intent to do great bodily barm," a felony, 
and a misdemeanor charge of "urging to riot." 
Johnson was charged with two felonies, "assault 
with a deadly weapon," and "hurling amissile at a 
peace officer." He was also char ged with mis-
demeanor "urging to riot." 

Malloy was found guilty of his misdemeanor and 
Johnson was convicted on the two felony charges 
which were reduced to misdemeanor level. 
I! Malloy and Johnson bad been convicted as indict-

ed, they could bave been subjecttoa maximum sent-
ence of 15 years. A spokesman for the two accred-
ited their re lative success to the efforts of Defense 
Attorney Robert N. Ha.rris. 
Presiding Judge Kenneth Chantry appeared to be 

in sympathy with Malloy and Johnson. At one point, 

he equated their actions with his own drunken sprees 
while in the ser vice. He agreed at the end of the 
sentencing phase of tjJe trial to recommend tbat both 
men be sent to the honor farm (minimum security 
work camp) where they could earn time offby work-
ing. At last r eport Malloy was in custody at the 
honor farm and Johnson was still in the county jail. 
The county jail was depicted by the defense as bar-
baric and Chantry described it as primitive. 

Students face Tr;a' 
UCSD students go on trial again this Thursday on 

contempt of court charges resulting from the Ma} II 
sit- in in Buildings 2A and 2A'. . 

Mary Catherine Rose, Nicholas Pinette, Ed-
ward Van VaIkenburg, and Gerald Hall have been 
ordered to appear in Super ior Cour t. 

Hall failed to appear in court on similar charges 
last Thursday. Following a r ally in the Revelle 
Plaza yesterday afternoon, Hall proceeded to the 
Revelle Provost's office where he and about 30 
stUdents met Chancellor McGill. McGill ~.ccom­
panied the students back to the plaza where Hall was 
eventually arrested by Chief Torrens of the UCSD 
police. A Superior Court bench warrant was issued 
last weekfor Hall's arrest. 
About 50 students followed Hall and the police from 

the Plaza chanting "free all political prisoners," 
and "jail McGill not the people." Several people 
blocked and sat on the police car in which Hall was 
seated. With a few students still sitting on the 
vehicle, it sped from the campus, eventually throw-
ing off all its unwanted occupants. 

TRITON TIMES Survives Annual Purge 
Steve Landau 

Editor-in-Chief 

Haywood Gammon, 21, a Revelle 
chemistry m jor, will assume the 
position of editor-in-chief of the 
TRITON TIMES for the 1970-71 
year, as the paper enter s its fourth 
year of publication today. 
. His appointment, subject to the 
approval of the UCSD Communi-
cations Board, as well as those 
of the other executive editors, was 
announced following a staff meet-
ing Friday • 

Gammon, who will be a junior 
next year, has worked on the news-
paper for two years, and current-
ly holds the position of managinr 
editor; previously be was copy 
editor. 

Rich Heimlich, chosen as City 
Editor, will be taking over the 
news department from Roger 
Showley, a graduting Muir senior 
in history, wbo w1ll be going to 
law school in the fall . Heimlich 
will be a Muir sophomore next 
year and has served as feature 
editor for the greater part of this 
year. 

Michael Klayer, who wUl be a 
Muir junior majoring in ociology, 
takes over the production side of 
the newspaper from mmon. 
With total output for th two edi-
tion week expected to re ch 
20 ges next year, plan are being 
mad for having mu h of this 
at the LA JOLLA LIGHT or at 

UCSD's Central Duplicating. 
Assisting Klayer will be As-

sociate Managing Editors Joe 
Eastern and Carny SharIk, both 
sophomore. Associate City Edi-
tors wlll be Owen Joyner, junior, 
and John Maxwell, sophomore. 

Jeffrey Fried, Muir senior, will 

administer the advertising de-
partment and also wUl be respon-
sible for the finances of the news-
paper as a whole in the position 
of Business Manager. According 
to budget projections, the TT ad 

continued on page • 



I 
. ~ e ..... HMt1 11ft "'I. ~.,. .... of tile writ .......... IMIf __ rlly I 
.... ..ct "'e ... In .... of .... ·,..ITON TIMES .• ~ ... y ... 1.1 .. cOfItrllMltioll. ...... Id 
ilKl,,* .... ume .• nd .. r ... of .... writer. N.me will lie .1"'1Ie1d 011 request . , 
Tile '.ITON TIMES re .. rves "'e rl",t to edit feM' IlIIeI 10. olld .poc. 
requirements. Send contrllMlflOllI to ,.ITOIII TIMES, 117 • ., .. HolI, UCSO. 

Stress Compassion 
You had such a visloD of tbe street 

As the street hardly understands. 
- T. S. ElIott, PRELUDES 

We are awakening in the 20th century to find Homo sapiens in a 
covey that has no predators but himself. We wonder if man is terri· 
torial and war-making by nature, if bureaucratic impersonality is 
necessary, if oW" next generation is to inherit death by pollution. 

Youth is not complacent about life anymore. He has decided that 
man's basic nature is not beast but beauty, and is pW"suing it Now 
because of the priorities created by the gravity of the situation. 

We 're doing too much talking. I'm guilty of my own accusation here . 
We should be more active in city planning, political campaigns, or reo 
search in new approaches to oW" social, technological, and manage-
ment problems, for examples. Most importantly, we must find causes 
which have the possibility of successful solution. We may then build 
upon this, expanding into more difficult areas. 

World government, and abolishment of the military on a world·wide 
basis are tenuous objectives at present. Repeal of abortion laws, for 
example, is subject to argument today, as appears to be even the 
simple case of human rights. Many of these movements are greatly 
misunderstood. 

We're fighting trends set up by professional' 'people-pushers" (such 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

as advertising executives) and oW" own fallibilities. We have to con· 
vince the general population in our meetings with the COImnWlity, that 
we are concerned about the directions of society on a very basic tone. 
This means we have to listen to them as businessmen and advocates of 

from other sources in the follow. a society we often chastise as being crude and impersonal. 

Dea~s it Court 
AD OpeD Letter to Chancellor 
McGill: 

Having attended the trial of 
four UCSD students for contempt 
of court in connection with the sit· 
in of May 4, I wish to express my 
shock and indignation at the 
spectacle of university officials 
prosecuting students. Vice· 
Cbancellor Murphy, in particu-
lar, appeared "out to get" the 
students, as evidenced by his 
volunteering information 
designed to prejudice the court, 
yet quite irrelevant to his ad· 
ministrative duties, when, with-
out any eliciting question having 
been asked of him, he remarked 
that Jerry Hall had spat on a 
court order. Apparently, Mr. 
Murphy conceives his role as 
Dean of Students more on the 
model of a policeman than on that 
of an educator. I consider his 
conduct unbecoming W the high 
office he holds. 

Altogether the picture of sev· 
eral UCSD deans lined up with 
the police and the hand·picked 
prosecutor sent by the Board of 

{r 

l} 

Regents, against four brave and 
sensitive students, whose 
"crime" was having conducted a 
peaceful, orderly protest against 
University involvement in a 
genocidal war, was nothing short 
of indecent. 

It looks more and more as if, 
where morality is concerned, it is 
administrators who need to be 
educated by students, and not 
students by administrators. I 
respectfully suggest that all 
administrators consider this 
possibility, before launching new 
vendettas against the students in 
their charge. Razlel Abelson 

Visiting Professor, 
Dept. of Philosophy 

ing manner : 
1. All contracts now in force be 
scrutinized and those found to 
be either classified or directly 
related to U.S. military activity 
be immediately terminated. 
2. Present defense agency 
funded contracts not be reo 
newed and funds for additional 
research in the areas of these 
contracts be sought from 
civilian agencies. 
3. New projects for which funds 
are immediately available only 
from defense agencies be de-
ferred Wltli civilian funding be· 
comes available . 

Physics Graduate Student 
Association 

We must stress the importance of compassion in society. We must 
point out that such things as sticking a decal of the American flag on a 
windshield is not true "Americanism," but a debasement of it; we 
must convince people that epithets such as "red," and "commie" 
aren't what counts, but that love is. This isn't easy to do. These people 
have a tough exterior . 

I wonder why we are complaining about so-called "war-related re-
search" when in reality we have so much more to worry about. I 
wonder if it isn't better to have men such as Brueckner, Munk, Pen· 
ner, and York on governmental conunittees because their feelings and 
judgment are likely to be superior to other members'. Sit·ins appear to 
be of little use in changing the moods of ow- society, unless of course, 
we want to alienate the conununity we live in. 
meet at the Scripps Institution of (SIO) gave an illustrated talk on 
Oceanography ( SIO) on the "The colours of flamingoes, " and 
fourth Monday of every month, at Mrs. Peta Mudie discussed an 
7:30 p.m. Our meetings are free initiative to save San Elijo lagoon 
and open to everyone; member· as a bird sanctuary. Dr . Carl 
ship fees of $2. per year pay for Hubbs (SIO) exhibited the only 
printing ana mailing of an- known specimen of a weird fish, 

Physics Resolution La Jolla Natural,·sts nouncement notices, and for recently brought up from a depth coffee and cookies. We arrange to of 3 miles off this coast. ( It lacks 
In view of recent student pro- Editor: have one speaker, generally with a lower jaw, and presumably 

tests against war related reo Some of the students of UCSD a film or slides, and we welcome feeds by catching its prey with its 
search at UCSD, we, the memo who came here with a keen inter. additional demonstrations, exhi· toothed , grab-like upper lips! ) 
bers of the Physics Graduate Stu. est in various aspects of plant or bits, and announcements of gen· Come to our meetings-bring 
dent Association, call for the animal life may have felt that eral biological interest. Field not only friends but also exhibits: 
following action by all members there are here insufficient oppor. trips are being planned. your collection of desert ants or 
of the department. tunities to sustain such interests So far , we have had two cactus seedlings, a rare shell or 

That all research funding of our at the university. For this and meetings. At the first , in March, walrus baculum--()r whatever 
department by defense agencies other reasons we have started a Dr . Michael Soule (UCSD) spoke you think might be of interest. On 
be gradually replaced by fWlding club, the La Jolla Naturalists. We on " Variations in birds and rep- ~une 28 Don Wilkie (SIO Aquar· 
.. ~.ITQ _efl_tli~es ... In . ~pri~, Dr . Denis Fox ~;~ :r~;E; ':~! ~ i:~~~ 
'U\ Vv ~ ~ ~ , '; ~ .' end of Nogales Drive in Del Mar 

~ "k ' --. I . proposed Torrey Pines Enen-. _ . _. ~ for a nature walk through the 
-tc .Joof . sion. Make a note of these dates, 

y i in case you will still be around at 
~ these times.) 

For further information, call 
)}, {t 9"\.. Peta Mudie at 75>4190. 

1:J- -.r Pets Mudle 
~ )} 

Never such a bargain since 188e' * {t * 
THE WORLD Of GLAMOUR 

Sell the prestigious Viviane 

Oxford Circle et U.C. (levil 

... Mwldle at U.C.L.A. 
LeMenche et A.S.U. .J} 

~T_'Ari_ * 
{t 

. 

~~~®rn~~ v~wrn~ @~rn~ 
tr Membenhip Fee-$10.00 (3 year membenhipl 

Card holden are entitled to the following,: 1: Discount houling- $3.00 per night for ait conditioned, 
carpeted twin room. with adjOini, beths\.ln any Scope 
managed r.idence, from June 6 to liepttmber' 1. 

2. DilCount foocl-2O% off at molt locationS. 
3. Fr.. Recr .. tion Facillties-Swimml"9 pool, saunas, 

wel~t room, billiards, table tannls, Color TV lounge. 

Woodard cosmetics_ 
Earn from $4 to $12 per hour. 

We train you. 
459-3684 

TO EUROPE 
~IVERSlTY CHARTER FLIGHTS 

June 21/Sept.13 R,T. $299 
July 3 / Sept.!1 R.T. $299 
Sept. 4 One War Sl39 

All latra-Europe Student Flights 
Amsterdam-Athens $ 34 

lJ.. {t 
4 . Fr .. weekend entartairvnent, rock concerts, film _I., 

,..Iarly ICheduled program •• 
5. Guideboolc-lIsting local tM.ten. restllUrenU, and stor. 

offering discounu to members. 

London-Tel Aviv $77 
Backed by reliable, experienced 
Travel Agency. Prof. P. Bentler ~ BUt IT AT YOUR CAMPUS BOOISTORE 1} J} 6. DilCOfJnu of 10% on ,II Eel workshop,; c/o Sierra Travel Inc. 9875 San-ta Monica Blvd. Beverly HUls 

_, OR IIITE TO: SCOPE SU ... TRAVEL CLUB -ONE SAU WI£, MENLO PARK, CALfORNIA 94025 (213) 274-0729 & 274-07~ 

2 Triton Times Ma 26, 1970 

Mudi' With., Erotici •• 

THE AltTI 
Abraxas Revisited 

A Plea for 'lie Return of Passion 
Jeff FrIed 

Jason cathcart 
Staff Writer 

The Age of Aquarius and the Year of the Dog are curious phenomena 
rooted in the astrological wheel of humanity . "Abraxas to as a 
panoptiC view of what exists in the psychic, in the subcon~ious in 
reality, is reflectively h\UJlorous. Even Dean Dreyer would afford' at 
all cost, the new regent scholars' access to this theatrical curio. As a 
student representation, The Anomaly Factory does well in its amphi-
theater type "Happy Home." Lights shine brightly throughout the 
performance, but allis dim when the curtain rises and falls Melba 
toast ar,td koolaid aren't essential in the play but the student 'cost of 
admiSSlon has somehow to be soothed. Instead of refreshments ear 
plugs would serve better functions for interested and returning au-
diences. 

o how I yearn for tile days when It was possible 
to see a genuinely erotic film. A glance at what Is 
currently playing in San Diego shows that while 
tons of sex Is available none of it has the tech-
nical merit of being erotic. Tile last two films 
that I felt had any really erotic sequences were 
"The Fox" and "last Summer." 

What most people do not realize is that it 
takes real talent to produce an erotic sequence 
on fUm. Most present day directors are satisfied 
to merely parade nude bodies in various sexual 
combinations. The vital ingrediant that is missing 
is mood. Mood is the key, not nudity or sexual 
contortions, to successful eroticism. U the proper 
mood Is set even the most minor act or gesture 
can be erotic, grossness is not necessary. 

The Anomaly Factory presents "Abraxas" as a psychic experience 
with fragments of reality superimposed. Though not as flexible as the 
San Francisco Mime Troupe performers, especially in their perfor-
mance of Brecht 's "The Congress of the White Washers " the students 
eliminate chara~erizatio~ in the traditional sense. ' Instead they 
suggest a collectlVe surgmg freedom, mass social movements and 
si~s of an unborn consciousness. Somehow all goes well behind the 
AfrlCan beats of rhytlun and the Indian crier full of mow-ning. When 
Ufe, a female character, engages the audience by mingling among 
them, Death (another character clothed in psychedelic paint) roams 
his stage territory snorting loudiy and unembarassed ' 'an in-

Today the market is glutted with sexually 
explicit films, that while filling the screen with 
genitals provide little in the way of eroticism. 
It 1s now possible to view just about any com-
bination of sexual adventures. Films such as 
" Man and Wife" and "Copenbagen 1970" are little 
more than "stag" movies brought to the theater 
screen. For all these films sexual explicitness 
they hold little more than passing interest. As 
anybody who has seen "stag" rums can testify 
once you have seen a few, your interest takes 
a nosedive. 

All the foregoing should not be taken as a con-
demnation of sexual explicitness. I am In favor 
of absolute freedom in film making. People who 
are violently opposed to the new frankness in 
films should realize that it will not be these films 
that will that corrupt society, but that the act 
of censorship would be the corrupting factor. 
As the novelty of this type of film wears oft so 
will the demand. Mere pornography without erot-
icism has no merit and the intelligent person 
will soon tire of it. Genuine eroticis m is art 
and as s uc h should be nurtured and valued_ 

describable affect results. ' 

The purpose of the ARTS 
section of the Triton Times 
is to promote an interest in 
the cultural events of the 
campus and San Diego 
community. Opinions 
expressed in critica I arti-
cles are those of the 
writer. Information and 
press releases should be 
submitted to Jeff Fried 

Who would guess that life exists in a tragi-comedy pictured and 
p~ted in a mad p~ychede1ic roc~-out? From the soul searching party 
shgrnas to the public transportatlon dance , nothing could seem so real 
even in the dying Pittsbw-gh trolley cars. cl 0 Triton Ti meso ' 

Christianity in " Abraxas" dies a natural death. Blame it on old age 
unborn ages, nothing blatant is emphasized. When words no longe; 

me~ anything in the Cbristian·rooted judicial systems, chaos results 
not In the form of modern dancing but in the individual suUocation of 
free expression symbolized in the "prisoner." After the sUffocating ty-
rants rule the land destroying all. 

Abraxas as a play reproduces reality in the same lightrung quick 
manner in which life affects actual humans. Something the old folks 
couldn't understand. A puzzlement which society perfects and only 
revolution clarifies. Left alone, the humanized robots of the play rea· 
Iize their torture. They group and reevaluate themselves. However 
lightning stuns the viewer . Can an audience of " Abraxas" realize th~ 
extent of their participation? Can a sensitive response occur before an 
uncertain audience tramples the actors while making exit? 

films on campus 
Dave Sacherman 

Arts Writer 
The AS Friday night films this 

week are two westerns by Sam 
Peckinpah , "Ride the High Coun· 
try" (1962) and " Major DwJdee" 
(1965). The former is Peckin· 
pah's second film, a straight 
adventure story which , with old 
pros Randolph Scott and Joel 
McCrea, has become a minor 
masterpiece among westerns. It 
is the story of a former marshal 
with failing eyesight (McCrea), 
and a larcenous bunko artist 
(Scott) who undertake to trans· 
port gold from a mining town in 
the High Sierras to the bank in 
the valley below, although Scott 
intends to see that the gold never 
reaches its destination . The film 
presents a de glamorized version 
of the West and has a rare 
honesty of script, performance, 
and theme along with some very 
beautiful background scenery 
shot aroWld Mammoth Lake, 
California. 

" Major Dundee," Peckinpah 's 
third work , is, however, a very 
mediocre film which Newsweek 
has even gone so far as to 
describe as a " boring disaster." 
The story is of a fanatic U.S. 
cavalry major .< Cbarlton Heston) 
who on his own initiative recruits 
thievell. drtlnkards, and Confed· 
erate ' prisoners for a punitive 
mission against a band of 
Apaches who have kidnaped 
three children. It also features 
Richard Harris as Dundee's 
second·in-command, and Senta 
Berger. Newsweek in 1965 
claimed that never before has a 
movie situation such as this been 
carried off in "so confused, hap-
hazard, so thrillingly slovenly" a 
fashion . 

Sunday night's Mulr cinema 
series is presenting a 63-minute 
fUm co-produced, directed, and 
written by, as well as starring, 

Orson Welles I called "The Im· 
mortal Story" (1968). It is slow· , 
paced and romantic, and con-
cerns a pompous and wealthy 
businessman of Macao (Welles ) 
who decides to make an old sea 
tale come true to satisfy his vain 
belief in his own power. 

Available at 
GUY URQUHART 

1041 Columbia Street 
San Diego, California 

'LIIIIITS "" 
LARGEST SELECTION: TO" WITHIN EUROPE; AFRICA, ASIA,. 
SOVIE'f UNION. SPRIN(:l-SUMMER STILL OPEN. ALL OTHER 
TICKETS, TOO_ OLD~ ACADEMIC ASSOC .: EAOC, 323 N. 
BEVERLY DR., BEVERLY HILLS, CALIF. 90210. (ZI3) Z76-6293 

love, peace, mUfiC 

'1"HE MIND BLOWER OF ALL TIME!" 
- Time Magazine 

" WOODSTOCK' lCItIIy cellllt en I.,,, 
-Vincent Canby, N.Y. Times 

· ... nric pilCl of ... .sTUIIIIGI" 
-Charles Champlin, L.A. Times 

.tarring joan bon · joe cock .... country joe & the fi,h • crosby .• t~I, . nosh 
arlo guthne • ricl>. hc..en, • jimi hencIri.· sontono· john sebosrion. ""'.no.no 

sly & the family stone • ten yeo" olte<. the who • and ~,OOO CIt- beovtl/J people 
a film by michael wad leigh. produced by 

bob maurice· a wadleigh -maurice, ltd . product ion 
technicolor® from warner bro s 

t",'lant e I"' "'11"111'" jIft010l !Itt _tol'''' by dlt, les !'!¥ttl/II, tv, . wtll' 1M ti ltOn ItM, 

R fIIUTNCTIO U"d. , 17 1.qVI'" 411& 'IOOf Of AGE ItCOmP"YII"!9 , . , . ,,1 Of Ad\l lI Ov.,dl'l'! REQUIIED 
EXCLUSIVE ENGAGEMENT 
ALL SEATS $3.50 

Students with NGC Theatres 
Cud -- $3.00 

Sorry, passes not accepted 
durl this en gement. 

STARTS THURSDAY! 

I§tanbul l2estaul'"ant 
Specializing In Middle Eastern Food •• 

Shish Kabob and oth.r exotic dishes . 
LIVE Ambic. Turllish, & Greek En.nainment 

provided by the internationally famous 
Antoine Ha6e, on the OUD 

OPEN DAILY n I ..... 10 n ,..111. 
SPECIAL t 99t luncheon 

dlily n 1.111.-3 p.lll. 
1250 PROSPECT . 4542334 

Plus Special Guest Star SIII,.H 
SATURDAY, JUNE 6 8 P. M. 

SAN DIEGO COMMUNITY CONCOURSE 
CONVENTION HALL 

All Seats Reserv~d $5.50, 4.50. 3.50 
AVaIlable at Metro Tlckel Agency. HIghlander Men', Stores. 

U C San DIego Box Off,ce and (IVIC Thealr. Box Office 
For Informahon 236-6510 

PfodlJ{(>rih-. (()NCfRT A.. .... ..,()(IATr~ .... llrn"'h'('''T1!.ll>. 

~-- .------~~ -= 
ATTENTION! 

It is the latest and most graphically detailed on· 
the· spot account of the new sexual freedom be ing 
enjoyed by the people of Denmark today ! 
Through the eyes of the camera you will see com-
plete sexual activity in its most explicit form , 
from the pictorial stalls 01 the pornographic !Sook 
stores in Copenhagen to the stages of their night 
clubs, IT'S ALL NEW! IT'S ALL TRUE! A motion 
picture experience you won 't soon fo rget! 

~OCI()I.()CI(' \ I.I.Y F HT\, \ TI ,\ C 1,\ 
"COI'E,\ 11 \ CE \ IHi "" IS \\' 1'\'1'1:11-
n E\\' \\ ' 1 I'll O,\E OF TilE ":\ CT· 

IIE~~E~." \\'11 0 I' \HTlClI':\TF~ 1'\ 
T IIII EE CIIOl 'P S I': " ~ II O\\'~ 1)\11 .)' . 
:\ '\1) T II E '\ F \ ITI HT 1.1.)' CO\! -

~1l· TE:o. IIO'l I-: IIY ' ·()I.I\~\\'''CI : ,\ TO 
II EII IIl· :o. II\'\J) \\'1) '1'\\'0 I\II>!'o " 

NOW 
s .. \!"! D!!:CQ I 
STUDIO I " n 
451 W. BROADWAY 

EASTMANCOlOR 234-1414 
lor co"se" t tn&, ~dult men 3nd women over 18 '--______ ...J 

Triton Times No.ay 26, 1970 Page 3 



1M., 
high noon : SIO Staff Council and 
Graduate Student Assembly. Sumner 
Auditor ium . SIO. A d iscuss ion of the 
recent UCSD Senate Meetings and 
their impl icat ions to SIO. 

12 : 1S p .m . Fest ival of Films Ser ies 
offered by Staff Personnel Off ice. 
Tr ain ing Div iSion . 2100 Basic Science 
Build ing . School of Medicine. Styles in 
Leadership : A fil m demonstrat ion of 
leadersh ip styl es effect on morale. 
motivat ion and teamwork. 

1 p .m N ICH FOT HER INGHAM w ill 
defen d his dissertat ion . Growth. 
Mortality. and Feeding Patterns of 
the L i ttoral Gastropods Saskyus fes · 
t ivus ( H inds ) and Ocenebra poulsoin 
Carpenter ( Prosobr anchia : Murri-
cidae) in 202 Scripps Bui lding . SIO. 
The public is invited . 

1 :30 p.m . Solid State Physics Sem inar . 
1148 Human i t ies ·Library Bu i ld ing . 
Revelle. DR . W. BRENIG. Un ivers i ty 
of Mun ich. and Max Plank Institute. 
Spin D iffusion. I 

Jp m. APtS Seminar. 2226 Building 2A 
Mu i r . REGENTS ' PROFESSOR 
GEORGE ' CODY . Representat ive 
Materials 

3 p m tGPP Seminar IGPP Confer 
ence Room SIO SERGEY S. VOlT . 
InsMute of Oceanology. Academy of 
SCiences USSR Effect of Ba SIS Rota -
hon on the Propagation of Gravita· 
tional Waves. Fringe Effects Related 
to the Conolis Force . 

4 p m Mar ine Chem istry Sem inar . 
2145 R iller Hall. SIO DR J l ORE 
VER . Chemical Changes In Land De-
rived Clay Minerals. 

4 P m Physics Colloquium , 2722 
Undergraduate Sc iences Building . 
Revelle . DR JOH N WHEATLEY. 
Experiments at Very Low Tempera · 
tures . 

4 p .m . Information and Computer Sci 
ence Seminar . 2301 Building 2A. Muir . 
PROF . JI M K . OMURA. UCLA. A 
Gambler's Approach to Decoding 
Block Codes . 

"p.m . Pathology Seminar . 1202 BaS ic 
Sc ience Buil ding . School of M edicine. 
DR . N ICHOLAS ALE X AN DER . Yale 
Un ivers ity . Thyroxin Biosynthesis in 
Goitrous Cr et ins. 

1:30 p .m . Medieval Culture Film Ser · 
ies . 2722 Undergraduate Sciences 
Bui ld ing. Revelle . Axtec and Mayan 
Civll iutions. Spea ker : PRO F . H. B. 
NICOLSON . UCLA. 

8:30 p .m . Concert of New Music. pre· 
pared by Students and Faculty o f the 
Music Department. Reci tal Hal l . 409 
Matthews Campus . Wor ks by Er ick· 
son. M cCarty. Schwartz. Sil ber . and 
Subotn ick w ill be perform ed . 

h igh noon : Sumnernoon Ser ies. Sum · 
ner Aud .• SIO . Concert of Baroque 
music and songs by JEFF RASKIN . 
PASEO DEL OCASIONALES and 
others . 

1 p .m . IGPP Sem inar. IGPP Con · 
ference Room . SIO . OR . CHJRS 
CHAPMAN . Un iversi ty of Alberta . 
Elastic Wave Diffraction, w ith Ap-
plications to Seismic Body Waves. 

3 p .m . AP IS Sem inar . 2226 Build ing 
2A . Muir. REGENTS' PROFESSOR 
GEORGE D . CODY. Representiltive 
Milterials . 

1:30 p .m . Pl asm a Physics Seminar. 
4OSOA Undergraduat e Sciences Build · 
ing . Reve lle . D R. E . M . BU RB iDGE . 
Explosive E jection of Miltter from 
Galact ic Nuclei and Quasars. 
4 p .m . Organic Chemistry Seminar. 
2622 Undergraduate Sciences Build -
ing . Revelle . PROF . DELBERT 
VENERABLE . UCLA. Chem ical In-
qu iry via Pu lse Rad iolysis: Electr on 
Captu re Processes in Aqueous Transi-
t ion M eta l Syst ems. 
4: 15 p .m . Professors' Inaugural Lec -
ure Series. Humanities Library Aud ., 

Revelle . PROF ROBERT SPAETH 
LI NG. On Christa in Thomasium and 
HIS Alleged Offspring; The German 
Enlightenment. 

8 ' 30 p.m . Chamber Chorus Concert. 
Rec ita l Hal l . 409 Matthews Campus 
Dept of Music presents he Revelle 
and Muir College Chamber Choruses . 
Director NANCY ROBLIN . Program 
to Include works by Gibbons. Byrd . 
Schut z. Penderecki. Sp izi zen . and 
Ash ley 

frida, 
h igh noon Mar ine BiOlogy Sem inar . 
Sumner Aud • SIO DR . J . R. HEN · 
DRICKSON . Univers i ty of Arizona , 
Ecology and Behavior of Marine Tur -
tles . 

J p .m Philosophy Seminar. Revelle 
College Informal Lounge . PROF . AV · 
RUM STROLL. On a Cert ain Tension 
In Plato 's REP U BL IC . 

4 p .m . Mathemat ics Colloquium. 7421 
Buil d ing 2A. Muir . PROF . ANTOI N E 
BRUNEL. France. viSiting University 
of M innesota . Abstract Markov Pro-
cesses Sat isfy ing a Holder Cond ition . 

4:30 p.m . Spec ial Bioiogy Sem inar . 
2100 Basic Sc ience Building . School of 
M edicine. DR . HAR RY HA RR IS. 
Galton Professor of Human Genetics. 
Un ivers ity College. London . GenetiC 
Polymorph isms in Man. 

1:30 p.m . Open house at Un iver sity 
Hosp il.al. 225 W . Dickinson . San Diego . 
Tours . tal ks . re freshments . 

...... ..",. 

Photographs and posters by Diddo 
Clark are now on d isplay in Urey Hai l 
in front of the Science and Eng ineer· 
ing Library . 

Cont inuous dire need for donations of 
reams of m imeo paper is felt at the 
Crisis Information Center (in the Bur · 
eau for Environmental Design near 
the Revelle Informal Lounge !. Th is is 
the str i ke center for UCSD recogn ized 
as such by all th e State 's college and 
un ivers ity campuses. Help us keep the 
pressure on ! Donate your t ime or ma o 
ter i als . 

The Y ippies are coming to La Joll a on 
Memorial Day . Saturday. Ma y 30. so 
be prepared to help feed and house 
them . YIPPIE! 

m,stings 
Halper n for Congr ess Comm ittee : An 
attempt to bring radical ideas to the 
community at large via third party 
electoral pol itics. A campaign 
meeting will be held Tuesday. May 26. 
7.30 pm . in the Blake Hall Conference 
Room. Room 116. 

Babysitter : weekdays from June 15 to 
July 24. 1·4 p.m . He hour. 453-6161. 

Complete Weddings 20 Color 8 by 10's 
in album. 575. 284·6087 . 

Reward and no questions asked for the 
return of the Honeywell Penta x Spot· 
matic that was stolen f rom Revelle 
Cafeteria . Com e to the Tri ton T imes 
office. 

Groovy Part·time job. Long hair OK . 
See Ea r le 5-6 p.m . 1967 F irst Ave .• San 
Diego . 

MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S 
DREAM 

& 
CAUCASIAN CHALK CIRCLE 
Extended FridaJi~~s~turdaY 

Curtain at 8:00 pm . 
Building 269 Matthews Campus ' 

Tickets available at UCSD 
Central Box Office, Urey 
Hall Lobby. Also at the 
door. Phone reservations 
to: 453-6151 

~ ....... t"..pqe 1 
Revelle Comml"" on C ...... Aftalrs (147 voting - .. ~ 

•• Barbara Simon 
•• John Lee 
•• Frltrt Muer 
•• Barbara Randall 
•• Susan Carpenter 
•• Dav id Smith 
Thomas Caryl 
James Valk 

. 

424 
400 
399 
369 
365 
347 
333 
293 

Revelle Execut ive ommlttee 
•• John Cambell 
•• Joe Newman 

continued from page 1 
department will be generating at 
least $16,500 in revenue, an in-
crease over Urls year's $10,000. 

Cbuck Graham, a Muir sopb-
omore, will continue as Copy Edi-
tor. other editors include Raoul 
Contreras, sen i 0 r , Editorial 
Director; Terry Barak, jun10r, 
Arts Editor; and Rocky Halton, 
junior, Sports Editor. The position 
of Photo Editor is currently va-
cant, andappUcants are still being 
sought. 

The 12-man Executive Board, 
consisting of all full-fledged and 
Associate Editors, will take office 
after the last issue ofthe quarter. 

While envisioning no major, 
changes in current poUcy, Editor-
in-Chief-Elect Gammon cited im-
proving credibility as an impor-
tant'toal for next year. "We have 
sought to achieve quality in re-
porting and page layouts this 
year," he said, " and I expectthis 
process to continue with further 
improvements." 
Gammon also saw the need for 
an expansion of coverage that 
would include all the campus, 
especially Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography and the Medical 
School. He also hopes to estab-

453 
452 

Ush regular lines of communica-
tion with other UC campusil i>. 

Another area of importance that 
be cited was the Third World 
community. The TT is publishing 
two four-page supplements this 
quarter in conjunction with Third 
World students on campus, and 
Gammon expressed his willing-
ness to continue some such 
arrangement next year. 

"We want to have a good enough 
newspaper so that someone else 
on campus will notfeelitnecess-
ary to try to start another paper 
because we're not doing our job. 
One good functioning newspaper 
needs enough support, and, if 
organized well, would preclude 
the need for other newspaper 
publications '(as distinguished 
from political journals)." 
Outgoing Editor-in-Chief steve 

Landau will be a fifth- year Rev-
elle senior next year and expects 
to graduate sometime during the 
year. He saw this year as one in 
which the TT experienced tre-
mendous growing pains. "We had 
to struggle with organizational 
problems for most of the year, 
especially in the area of produc-
tion, but next year we should have 
a solid base upon which to op-
erate. " 

magic9arden c/' 
nley sweetheart 

00. 
aprl 

PARK BLVD. AT UNIVERSITY AVE. • 29& 0'.) 77 

GULLS NEST 
TUESDAyS .... 

6:00 to 10:00 p.m. 
MEXICM DillER : 60y 
two beef enchiladas, 
beans, and fried rice 
Happy Hour Margaritas 60y 

WEDNESDAyS .... 
8:00 to 12:00 p.m. 

fOLK SIIGERS "HOD'" N1611' 
Singers, Guitarists, 
Banjoists welcomed! 

THURSDAyS .... 
7:30 p.m. 00. ••• 

SPORTS, fiGHTS, MD OLD TIMl' fiLMS 
Films on sports, sux:fing, boxing, 
Charlie Chaplin, Laurel & Hardy, etc. 

FRIDAyS .... 
GIANT HAPPY HOUR 5:30":30 ·SATURDAyS .... 
Free hot hors d'hoerves, drinks 50~ 6'00 to 11'00 p m 
BEER DRINKIIG CONTEST 1:30 . . . . 
(reservations in advance); COUITRY fiSH fRY 
Silver Mug awards with french fr ies and tartar 

1 sauce 
I
I ENTERTAINING NIGHTLY: All You Can Eat $1.50 

Laura Madero, San Diego' s Beer 35~ 
, folk singing sensation. TURTLE RACES It 1:00 
3595 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. (opposite Sports Arena) 

224-2705 
Page .. Triton Times May 26, 1970 


