
triton tiInes 
Volum e 9 , Issue 9 

I felt an explanation was necessary to the students follow ing Sunday 's Santana concert and the 
ensuing events. F irst I think it is important to realize why the Associa ted Students is using outside 
promoters . A s a result of evaluation of last year's concerts, when the Associated Students took all 
financial risks for its concerts and lost a cons iderable amount of money, a contra ct was developed by 
the Associated Students which allowed the AS to select the attract ions and havt: certain controls over 
the performance, but required the promoter to be financially responsible . The AS receives only 
minima l re'!tal fees for its equipment. However, the students receive a reduction in the ticket price . I 
teel that this system is the most beneficial for the student. 

In regard to the Santana concert, the AS was approached by the James C. Pagni Co. to sponsor the 
event , following San Diego State's decision not to have the show. Santana was then available in San 
DIego and we felt the popularity of the group was Significant on campus. Pagn i offered us a Sl student 
price, and, conSidering the group and the lower price that would be available to our students only if we 
had the concert here, w e accepted h is offer. 

Throughou t the negotiations with Mr. Pagni the AS made its position clear : it would not tolerate a 
" goon squad " hassling students. Pagn i's securi ty force was asked to wear soft hats, carry no guns, 
and have onty short bi lly·clubs . To the best of our knowledge these prom ises were kept . The d ecision 
to allow the San Diego police to com e on campus was made by UCSD Police Chief Torrens in con. 
ference with numerous administrators and myself. The situation had reached the proportions that the 
security force could no longer control the crowd outside the front of the gym . I must say that th is 
deciSion was reached after much thought and that the consequences were carefully reviewed before 
action was taken . Once the San Diego police were called the si tualion was out of the control of the 
university . 

The problem s surrounding the concert have brought a lot of i nadequacies to light. The AS cannot 
continue to have these kinds of concerts as long as a group of people continue to damage the fac ility, 
attempt to disrupt the concert and necessitate the calling of off·campus pOlice. Several suggestions 
have been put forth : the elimination of rock concerts completely ; the elimination of inviting the 
outside public ; the limiting of our events to college students by restr ictive advertising. All of these 
seem inappropriate as long·range plans . The AS wants to continue to provide the students with good 
enterta inment at a reasonable cost . In order to do this we have to invite the public. However, as we 
saw Sunday, this may lead to problems. We do not want to have to call on the San Diego police to 
protect our ca mpus . 

Finally, I want to espeCially apologize to the dorm students who were inconvenienced by the San 
Diego pOlice on campus . 

Pragrl .. Baird Chlir"ln, ASUCSD 

University of California, San Diego March 6 , 1970 

UCSD Gets Baptism in Police 
Maneuvers At Santana (oncert 

lIy On. Stllrns 
Many serious questions have been raised regarding thE' activities accompanying 

the Santana concert last Sunday night. This was the first time police were called to the 
campus to quell a disturbance. Was this necessary? How will this affect future events 
at UCSD? 

Two concerts were planned for the evening, one at 7 and the second at 10 p.m . 
Security arrangements necessary for any concert were provided by the promoter , 
Jim Pagni, and were considered adequate by the officials to handle the crowd. 

A large crowd gathered around the front of the gymnasium, many apparently 
waiting for the second concert or hoping to get in free. 

Around 8 p.m. the crowd, called "hostile" by people in the gym, began pushIng 
against the glass doors, some kicking at the glass, others throwing rocks through the 
plate glass windows. These actions continued for some time, until the officials in 
charge of the concert decided that the forces on hand were insufficient to control the 
crowd. 

Police Force Crowd to Revelle 

The San Diego police were called to the campus, and responded with 35 to 40 officers 
from the North County division. The area immediately surrounding the gym was 
cleared, and the remaining people forced towarrls the Revelle campus. The police 
formed a line, and swept three times across the lawn in front of Urey Hall , further 
moving the crowd into the Revelle dorm area . 

Two groups of police then moved into the Plaza area , one group coming between the 
cafeteria and Blake Hall, the other lining up across the Plaza. Dorm residents, not 
aware of the problems at the gym, rushed into the area between Argo and Blake, 
yelling for the police to leave the campus. Vice.(:hancellor George Murphy attempted 
to calm the students, but the police picked that moment to rush the crowd. Coming 
from two sides, the police forced everyone back into the dorms, and remained at that 
spot for 10 to 15 minutes . The order was then given to withdraw, and all police pulled 
back to the gym, then left the campus entirely. 

Dean Murphy was questioned earlier this week about the incident and the unprece-
dented action of calling police to the campus. 

Deci ion Based on " Seriou nes " 

Murphy said that the decision to call the police was based on the adjudged serious-
ness of the situation and the apparent inability of the forces present to maintain order. 
The decision was not immediate and was only made after consultation between UCSD 
Police Chief Torrens, Dean of Student Activities Bob Topolovac, and Program Board 
Chairman Jim Magill. 

Murphy was asked about the tactics used by the police. Was there any previous 
arrangement with the police regarding similar situations, and were any attempts 
made to direct the actions of the police? 

"There are no actual arrangements made with the San Diego police," Murphy said. 
" We have attempted in the past to acquaint the police with the university en-
vironment, but nothing definite has ever been worked out." 

Murphy further said, " I can advise the police on tactics, but once they are called in, 
they assume control." It was later learned that the university police suggested that 
the city police move the crowd away from the gym toward the athletic field rather 
than toward Revelle College; but the unicops were ignored. 

Why did the police move from the gym onto the Plaza and into the dJrm area? 
Murphy reported this was "a regrettable action." Inspector Con ole (the officer in 
charge) termed the sweep towards the dorms a 'tactical error. ' The police apparently 
were unfamiliar with the campus layout, and in following their dispersal order, 
chased the remaining crowd onto the Plaza. 

The police arrived with some forty men, and used rather aggressive dispersal 
tactics for a situation which was a relatively minor provocation. What would happen 
if a really serious confrontation developed ? Murphy replied : " This is an important 
concern. If anything good came out of Sunday's situation, it was a concrete ' test case' 
which we can use in discussion. In the past, we were talking in a vacuwn about police 
intervention at UCSD. We now have an actual incident to refer to . This is, of course, 
an immediate problem which I hope to resolve and avoid in the future. I do not want to 
call the police onto this campus. " 

Cafeteria Skit Dra matizes Student Demands 
Paul Emus 

Assoc. News Editor 

Despite a few cracks of " why don 't you 
let us eat in peace," the Revelle Cafeteria 
became the stage for a humorous political 
skit by the Campus Worker-Student 
Alliance (CWSA) over " bad working 
conditions and big business bossism." 

High Continental "Boss" Lapetina, UC 
Regent Carter, a university administrator, 
and numerous workers and students were 
depicted as profit grabbing capitalistic 
hacks exploiting hard working students 
among the flurry of "funny-money." 

" Boss" Lapetina ridiculed "as we say in 
the business, it may not be good quality , 
but at least it's good taste!" 

Regent Carter, who is a member of Del 
Monte's board of dir ctor and an ad-
ministrator from the university (who own 
the cafeteria equipment), joined in a ong, 
"Bo e who like bosse are the rich st 
people in the world!" 

When a worker asked wh worn n hay 
to buy and clean their smocks, " Bo " 
Car r replied, "Look, don't be illy . 
Worn n like to wa h and iron their 

" Boss" Lapetina proceeded to pass out 
the profits among his fellow businessmen 
"and if anything is left, we give the 
students a special hamburger dinner, " he 
said. The " real" Lapetina was invited to 
come and answer the charges, but ap-
parently was "out to lunch." 

The (CWSA) demands for the workers 
charge a lack of action on 1) clean smocks 
for women provided by the company· 2) 
payment of the "automatic" pay rai e for 
the two full-time working women ; 3} 
vacation pay for all fIliI tim worker 
during quarter breaks ; 4) job curity 
(three student workers w.'re fired for 
political reasons) ; 5) work breaks ; 6} poor 
and expensive food (refund of "funny-
money"); and 7) unsafe v'orking con-
dition (rubber mats for Revell afeten 
have been provided. } <tQ l' In on-
dition that th demand not be fund d by 
th tudents. 

Blake lounge 



Returns 
to Un-
Guarded 
Calm 

Sam Wilson 
Staff Writer 

Calm predominates around 
UCSB after a week that,climaxed 
in violent Isla Vista street riots, 
the destruction by fire of the Isla 
Vista branch of the Bank of 
America, the presence of some 
500 National Guardsmen and 200 
police, and some 150 arrests. 
With the Guard pulled out , 
students have been forced to shift 
their activities to defending 
themselves legally. 

Rioting, which began Tuesday 
and had subsided by last Friday, 
was largely the action of street 
people (non-students ). So far , ten 
grand jury indictments have 
been handed down to demonstra-
tors ; ten more are expected in 
the near future . The indictments 
preclude the rights of par-
ticipants to preliminary 
hearings. Four of those indicted 
were arrested at their home by 
plainclothesmen without 
warrants. 

The destruction of the Bank of 
America branch, which brought 
the Santa Barbara incident 

alnk of Americi burning in SSlntl auhrl 

immediate national coverage, 
has also widened the scope of 
issues involved. According to a 
prominent Bank of America 
official, " the wanton act of arson 
perpetrated on the Isla Vista 
branch was a criminal act of 
violent proportion and in a very 
real sense an insurrection 
against the democratic process." 
A justification popular among 
students at UCSB was voiced by 
the Chairman of the Los Angeles 
chapter of the Business Execu-
tives' Movement for Viet Nam 
Peace, who has pointed out that 
since 1966 the Bank of America 
has had large operations in 
Saigon, and has demanded that 
Lumborg (chairman of the board 
of BOA) make a candid state-
ment disclosing his bank's Viet-
based gains . The Bank of 
America has, instead, placed a 
$1000 reward on the head of each 
of up to 2S persons who can be 
convicted of participation in the 
arson, 

Stimuli to the violence and to 
general on-campus unrest in-
clude the Chicago Eight convic-
tions, the still unresolved Bill 

Allen controversy, widespread 
police harassment and poor land-
lord relations in Isla Vista, plus 
the cumulative factor of Viet 
Nam and its consequences. 

What is seen by many as the 
s"!tective prosecution of the 
Chicago Eight for the action of 
thousands in Chicago, appears to 
many UCSB students as being 
sharply analogous to the indict-
ment of the "Santa Barbara 19" 
for demonstrations three weeks 
ago : governmental policy 
picking out leaders and arresting 
them. The demonstrators pro-
tested what Uley called the "bla-
tant refusal of due process" being 
applied in the firing of Prof. Bill 
Allen. The 19 have been indicted 
on four variations of the charge of 
refusal to disperse, 

The appearance of William 
Kunstler, defense counsel for the 
Chicago Eight, on the UCSB 
campus last Wednesday was 
described as being thought 
provoking but non-Inflammatory, 
In his address, Kunstler stated, 
" I've never believed window 

please turn to page 3 

~ get carried away when 
you come around ... 

and we love it! 

Budweiser. 
i th only b r in America 

that' Be chwood Aged 
(But you know that.) 
AHHEUSER· 8U5C~ . INC. ST lOUIS . riEWARK • l OS ANGElES . TAMPA . HOUSTON · COLUMBUS · JACKSON VillE 

Plge 2 Triton Times March 6, 1970 

American Bar Ass'n Opposes U.N. Anti·Genocide Pact 

Following a two·and.one·hal/·hour debate , delegate$ repre$enting the 145,000 
members olthe ~me"can Bar Association have voted 130 to 126 against th e 
proposed ratl/lcatlOn by the U.S. 01 the World Convenlion on the Prevention and 
Punishment o/Ihe Crime 0/ GenOCide. A number 01 d('legales. mostly Irom th e 
West an~ the South, held that ratification would subject American troops to 
per~eculton . by the .North Viptnamese and would encourage Communist and 
African no lIOns to Intrude on American racial dispules. The associalion wa 
warned by its p.'~sid~nt that its reputation would be severely damaged if iI/aile; 
to endorse rallflcatlon , but to no a vail . 

"I . co me f~?m a colonial family," said one delegate who stood again st 
rallfl c.at lon. We wouldn 't have been in Ihis counlry i/ we didn 't commit 
gelloclde. We hod to get rid of the Indians . The Indians went down the drain " 
Another delegate as~ed . " A re we to be compelled 10 Iry our security officers ~n 
charges 0/ the Blac~ Panthers- backed by such nations a s Upper Volta and th 

. Congo'" e 

State Justice Dep't Eyes Backlog of Draft Cases 

Californ ia 'S U.S. attorn eys met with officials 0/ the Ju stice Department last 
wee~ to plot strategy in an effort to clear the courts 0/ a bac~log 0/ droIt pvas ion 
cases and to re·evaluate draft prosecutions. 

Ch ief U.S . prosecutor 01 the Northern District of Co Ii/orn ia, James Browning 
Jr ., states Ihal he has up 10 200 cases awaiting grand juries, and 01 least anoth 
1000 cases ~n the preliminary stages of investigation . Browning lurther slat:~ 

~~al one·thlrd of all .criminal cases in his district involved induction violations . 
A person has ~he right to select the site of his induction," he said, "and man y 
PI C~ San F~ancisco because of the number 0/ groups which counsel inductees on 
how to aVOid the droIt , and because 0/ interpretations which courts here ha ve 
made on draft laws." 

Draft and Legal Aid to be Provided by State Colleges 

Th e state college boord 0/ trustees has approved a directive permitting tlfe use 
of stud~ nl ~unds for draft counseling on all 19 state college campuses. The 
counse ll.ng Issue was approved lollowing a lengthy plea Irom student leaders . 
St ipulatIOns on the program are tltat lite I",nds will come from mandalory 
student fees , and that tlte presidents 0/ the various colleges will have the /ina l 
sa y as to who does the counse ling on his campus . " We 're providing a way lor a 
responsible (dr~/t counseling) program 10 be set up here and there isn 'l any 
rea SO " th~y ~on t set up such a program under this resolulion. " claims tru stee 
W. O. Welsslch , of San Ra/ael. 

AI~o included under the presidents' co"trol is a provision lor legal cOllnseling 
prOVided by stude~t funds . Tltis counseling will be to the " exlent of helping the 
s~ude"t 10 determine whether he should retain legal counsel , and 01 referring 
him t~, legal counsellhrough a bar associalion , legal aid foundation or similar 
bady, the measure stated . 

Some trustees voiced opposition to the legal aid proviso 0/ the directive on the 
grounds that t~ey shouldn't allow this legal counselinl! to individual ~tudenl 

le~d~ rs who ~Ight need the hlep of an attorney /or defense 0/ criminal charges 
arising from Involvement In aclivist causn or movements. 
UC Grad Cites Regents 

A ~raduate 01 the University of California has returned the diploma he 
received 53 years ago. In a letter protesting tuition and the Board of Regents ' 
refusal to grant New Yorlt Mayor Lindsay an honorary degree, Marshall Maslin 
wrote to C~~ncellor Hayns : " The recent aclions 0/ thOse puppet Regents who 
i,,:,posed tUitIOn 0" the students and refused an honorary degree to Mayor John 
Lindsay 0/ New Yor~ has cheapened the diploma I was awarded in J9J 7 

" They have made it so worthless to me that' am returning it to ;ou as the 
honored representative 01 my University. 

".T.he ed~cation the University gave me maltes it easy to recognize the vulgar 
political IIIm·flammery behind the actions 0/ those Regents." 

Teacher Refuses to Recite Pledge of Allegiance 

A Conn ecticu.t scho.0/teacher has bee" suspended for refusing to reci le the 
Pledge 01 AlI l'glOnce In class. Mrs. Clinton Hanover, a native 0/ North Carolina 
sold s.he could no~ re,?i te Ih e words " libe rty and jus lice lor all " because she /cel~ 

th~.t liberty a~? Jusllce are denied th e minority groups 0/ th is nation. " If J sa id 
It.. she says. I would ba c~ down on what r believe in- the Cons titution and the 
First A mendme"t. " 

~ rs. Ha nover ha s talten her case to the Litchlie ld Superior Cou rt to fight for 
rein statemen t. 

News Briefs 

Ma~ Ral/erly is expected to announce his candidacy lor anoth er te rm as State 
Su~crmten den.t of Public Ins truction on March 14 . Wit en interviewed, Raffe rty 
Said 'ha t he Will attend a dinner sponso red by th e "F riends of Ra//er ty" on tha t 
da te, and the re "J will ma~e an announ cement that wi ll mahe my plans clear f or 
the ""xt few months ." 

.. . .. . . 

A Dalla s, Texasjury has sentenced Joseph Franklin Stills . 50, to 1.000 years in 
prlSO~ for . robbery and assault in connection with a $73.10 holdup 0/ a d ry 
clea ning /lr m last August 1. 

.. . . . . 

Un.ivers.it y students in Manchester , England. protesting the possibility 0/ 
~ohtlcal /Il es on British uni versity students , occupied the administration build· 
inC 0/ Manchester Uni versity. They were supported by M.P. Bernadette De vlin 
who urged th e students to stand/irm in their protest. ' 

.. " . . . 

An a.nelent drug named " mummy," once believed to be deri ved from bodies in 
Egyptla.n tombs. will 800n be sold to RUssians as a cure·all f or vi rtuall y 
eve ryth ing fr om bro~en bones to ulcers. The Soviet news agen cy Ta ss claims 
that mummy help~d Soviet athlete Valery Brume l. holder a/the world high jump 
record, to heal hiS bro~en leg. 

G~org e Wallace annou nced " is intention 10 run lor Alobama 's governorship 
agOln . . clalm ing that h is candidacy would be " a thorn in the side 0/ the Nixon 
admiMis t ration." At a 'lewS cen/erence. Wallace modestly predicted tha t 

Prp~ldpnl N ixon " is goi ng to ma~ e some concessions on school integrat ion he 
~~~ ~~n ' t make If 1 we ren 't running. and he '/I m ahe even more alter I'm elec· 

Join the n Staff 
A dvertising and Product ion 

people needed now 
Salary and 2-un it Credit included . 

~b to elOass 
'Privileged 'Cause Inequities, 

Says Women's Liberator 
MoUySelvln 
Staff Writer 

Attitudes such as male 
supremacy or white racism do 
not exist without self-interest. 
Such is the view of Ellen Willis, a 
leader in the women's liberation 
movement and a professional 
magazine writer, as she spoke to 
a Contemporary Issues class last 
Tuesday. 

Miss Willis sees society as a 
system of privileges, such as the 
privileges of wealth, intelligence, 
a university education, being 
white, and being a man. Those 
with privileges tend to oppress 
those without to protect their 
privileges, and thus we have 
poverty, racism, capitalism and 
male chauvinism. 

Women in today's society are 
definitely oppressed. Their 
movements for liberation have 
been dismissed as trivial 
devisive and comical by nearl) 
all segments of the society, in-
cluding the new left movements. 
Women's liberation represents a 
threat to the privilege of male 
domination in all areas. 

When first founded, the radical 
women's groups were dismissed 
by the leftist "movement men;" 

however, with time, they became 
a recognized part of the radical 
movement, Yet, men felt that 
they had the authority to decide 
with which issues the women 
could be concerned in their move 
for greater freedom. In addition, 
male ideology on the origin of 
women's oppression ",as too 
much accepted, such as the 
theory tracing all of women's 
oppression to the existence of the 
capitalist system . 

The ladies' situation finally 
became unbearable at the 
Counter Inaugural Demon-
stration in January of 1969 in 
Washington. Representa tives 
from women's liberation 
organizations who atten )ted to 
speak were greeted "th ob-
scenities, jeered Wltil th v were 
forced to stop speaking, and 
exposed to every other intimida-
tion. 
Women Abandon Left 

The women then saw that the 
only course left to them was to 
make a break from the leftist 
organizations . Thus, later in 1969 
Ellen and 10 or 12 other women 
formed a separate group known 
as the Redstockings. They soon 
realized that they had to strike 
out in new ideological territory of 
their own and had to reject the 
accepted radical thought. That 

ideology was written only by men 
such as Marx and Engels and 
served only to perpetuate male 
domination of the leftist 
movement. A new analysis had to 
be made which more adequately 
explained the women's situation, 

Since these women couldn't use 
any of the male-supremacy 
material available to them, their 
only source for analysiS was 
•• consciousness-raising " sessions 
in which they shared experiences 
and from which they drew con-
clusions. 

Man VS, Woman 

Out of these sessions came the 
conclusion that the first basic 
division in society was between 
man and woman. From this 
division came other oppressive 
relationships; capitalism, racism 
and poverty. Therefore the 
ultimate revolution is the male 
supremacist fight and all other 
forms of oppression will fall when 
male supremacy falls. 

In order to accomplish their 
goals and to build a national 
movement, women's liberation 
groups must simultaneously 
confront capitalism, male 
supremacy, racism and im-
perialism. They must also strive 
to eliminate racism within 

' themselves and their 

SWP fnters Candidates 
organizations. Black and white 
women are still very separated in 
terms of women's liberation, as 
the movement is still essentially 
thought of as white and middle-
class. Women's liberation groups 
must first support the demands of 
black women before they will win 
the support of these women. 

Lorraine Evernham 
Staff Writer 

The Socialist Workers Party is 
coming to life in 1970, with eight 
candidates running for offices 
ranging from U.S. Senate to 
Superintendent of Public In-
struction. Diane Feeley, an ac-
tive and enthusiastic member of 
the Socialist Workers Campaign, 
who is running for U.S. Senate, 
emphasized women's rights in 
her talk Tuesday, 

The Socialist Workers Party 
identifies with the "revolution" 
and is dedicated to creating 
movements to end war, racism, 
and exploitation. The Socialist 
program entails (1) bringing the 
troops home now; (2) black 
control of the black community; 
(3) Chicano self-determination; 
(4) women's liberation; and (5) 
creating a socialist America. 

In relation to other radical 
groups such as SDS, Diane 
Feeley said that the SWP differs 
in use of principles. Miss Feeley 
said that SDS has numerous 
tactics which they eventually 

·1Jju 31nllu 
~~~rtli 
lIarktt 

2259 Avenlda DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 459 - 3465 

Groceries, 
Proll.ce, 
Meats, 

Wile' S',er 

turn into principle. She said the 
foundation and success of SWP 
rest on their striving " not to cross 
the class line." 

Diane Feeley supports all 
aspects of the Socialist program 
in her campaign for the Senate 
but is basing her platform on 
women's rights . She is not so 
preswnptuous as to expect a 
victory in 1970 campaign, but 
does feel that people are much 
more open to the Socialist 
Workers campaign than they 
were in 1968, 

Miss Feeley, who just turned 
30, has been working with the 
Socialist Workers Party since 
1967. She is a graduate of San 
Francisco State College and is 

.,working on her M.A. in in-
terdisciplinary education. 

She recently headed the 
Student Task Force and the 
Northern California Student 
Mobilization Committee to build 
student participation into the Fall 
'69 antiwar offensive. She is now 
planning the Spring offensive of 
the antiwar movement, to be held 
from April 13-18. 

Miss Willis, a native of New 
York, is now working in Colorado 
Springs, Colorado, both with 
women's liberation groups and in 
a project to organize the Gl's 
stationed there against the 
military, She was on campus this 
weekend as part of the Revelle 
Guest-in-Residence program. 

Also present with Ellen Willis 
on Tuesday was Dianne Feeley, a 
candidate for the U.S. Senate in 
1970 as part of the Socialist 
Workers' California Campaign. 
Miss Feeley, who does not expect 
to win the Senate seat, is using 
her campaign as an excuse to 
tOllr the state, speaking on 
women's liberation and 
socialism. 

Miss Feeley talked extensively 
on the Cuban revolution and its 
attempts to deal with female 
oppression, She spoke of the legal 
economic discrimination against 
women existing be~ore Castro's 
revolution and abolished shortly 
thereafter. please see next column 

UCSD PRlSfNTS-
- In conjunction with the La Jolla Museum of Art's 

DIMENSIONS OF BlACK 
februlry 15-Mlrch 29, 1970 

major display of work by black artists, African 
and American, past and present .... 

The University of California, San Diego takes pride 
in presenting .... 

LES MCCANN ~\O 
S.tu~IY , M.r, 7 . Jazz at Sherwood Hall (Reserved seating) 

.. -......... .. -_ . _-- -----_ ...... . 

Tickets are also available for 
downtown San Diego attractions, 

---------------_ .. -----------

TICKETS AVAILABLE 
11M AT UCSD CENTRAL BOX OFFICE, UREY HALL 
LOBBY. PHONE RESERVATIONS ACCEPTED AT: 

"3-dt 
1 _ t 

State Assemblyman John Stu ll of Leucad ia will ta lk on " The Env ironmental 
C"sis" at 7 pm , Fr iday . March 6, in USB 2n2 The ta lk .s Iree a nd open to the 
publ ic StUll, who was el ecfed to Ihe 80th d.st" ct seat 01 the Ca l, fornia Sfate ASSembly 
In 1966 , will d ,scuSS the bills pending before Ihe legislature deal ,ng w,Ih en 
v,ronmenla l conlrol and pollution H,s talk IS be ing sponsored by the UCSD 

Republican s 

Physics Prof Opts For 
District 80 House Seat 
Frank Halpern, professor of physics here, announced that he is 

running for Congressional office, representing the 80th District-eon-
servative North San Diego County. The seat was formerly held by 
James Utt, who died last week of a heart a ttack. Halpern is running on 
the Peace and Freedom ticket. His major party opponents are not as 
yet known. 

Halpern views his candidacy as a "serious political act" intended to 
stimulate widespread concern of the major political issues which he 
feels are often completely ignored in typical elections. Although he 
concedes the likelihood of his actually winning the election is remote, 
he feels that being victorious is not the only gauge of success. U the 
voters of San Diego are presented with some Viable platforms of the 
left amid active discussion of the important issues at stake , then 
Halpern will consider the effort to have been a success. 

His previous political involvement has been outside of the main-
stream of American politics. He has never been affiliated With either 
the Democratic or Republican parties. Halpern has been active in the 
Peace and Freedom Party movement since its inception in the 
swnmer of 1967. This is his first attempt at holding public office. 

A native of New York City, Halpern did much of his studying at 
Berkeley, and has been at UCSD for nine years. In the Academic 
Senate here, he is presently serving as chairman of the Committee on 
Educational Policy. 

Cuba 's goal is to incorporate 
100,000 more women into the 
economy each year . Thus far 
they have maintained this quota 
but they desperately need more 
day care centers, conununal 
laundries and communal kit-
chens to free women from 
domestic responsibilities. 

Because of America 's great 
material wealth, says Miss 
Feeley, we will have no trouble in 

continued from page 2 

breaking and sporadic fires were 
an effective means of social 
change ." But he also pointed out 
that " the sum of every violent act 
committed by students ... doesn 't 
add up to the violence of five 
minutes at Da Nang." Gov . Rea-
gan has prohibited any appear-
ances by Kunstler on UC cam-
presenl or form er employees of H.· 
Cont.nental whO have ,nlorm al ion 
about work ing cond ition s In th e 
college cafelero as, " hea llh and 
sale ly or employ ment prachces , can 
w bm d signed s la lements 10 Allan 

7th Annual 
Europe 

Jet Flights 

building all the day care centers 
and conununes needed once the 
revolution comes ; whereas Cuba 
has lacked this money both 
before and after the revolution. 

Miss Feeley was challanged on 
quite a few of her statements , 
particularly on Castro's 
wiJIingness to support any 
women's movement away from 
the home ; however sufficient 
time was not available for her to 
adequately reply, 

puses . KunsUer has, in turn, 
challenged the governor to a 
debate. 

Six thousand students, in an 
attempt to regain community 
support, signed a petition con-
demning the violence . The 
reportedly-predominant attitude , 
however , sees the events of last 
week more as unnecessary and 
non-tactical , than unwarranted 
and detestable. 
BaTchelder al 417 MC, X 1901 or Alan 
Blac kSIOc k al Revelle Provos l Olli ce , 
X2231 The s lal Emenls shoul d be su b 
m,lIed by Wednesda y for cons,der a 
t,on by the ad hOr subcomm ittee 0 1 the 
UCS D HouslnQ POI ,CY Comm,tlee 

Los Angeles-London (Round'trlp) 
(For studont • • looult) .nd It." onl~) 
Spring Quarter S~)Klal 
March 29.June 18 11 Wk.. $255 
Summer flights 
Jun. 15 .. Se~ ~t. I .. , ~, ... . 5 
Jun . 21." ug. 21 9 Wk. $295 
Jun . 22-Sop. 8 11 Wk. $295 
Jul. 5-Sep. 3 8 Wk. S2II! 
Sep. 28 LA·london (On • • w oy) 113! 

L TS Travel Service 
4248 Ovo rlend I\ve . C. pl A. Cu i .. , Cit y 
CIIII. 80230, (2 13) 13i-7591 

(714) 755-8850 

Triton TiMl Mlreh I , 1970 PI" 3 



Discoverers Cite Carbon 14 Contributions 
By Molly Selvin 

Staff Writer 
Three decades ago last week. Dr. Martin Kamen . 

with an associate. discovered the radioisotope 
Carbon 14. The anniversary of the discovery was 
commemorated on Feb . 26 at a press conference 
during which Dr. Kamen. a UCSD chemistry 
professor , discussed the contributions his discovery 
has made to science. 

Carbon 14 has revolutionized man 's knowledge of 
living systems. including himself, by enabling him 
to "see" otherwise unobservable life processes. 
Carbon 14 has helped to unravel the genetic code, 
the structure of DNA. RNA and other important life 
molecuies. and has shown how the body makes such 
substances as cholesterol. The elucidation of the 
process of photosynthesis has been made possible 
primarily through Carbon 14. 

The potential value of Carbon 14 was recognized 
even before it was synthesized. E . O. Lawrence, the 
inventor of the cyclotron, ordered Dr . Kamen to 
begin research to create the radioisotope in Sep-
tember of 1939. 

Carbon 's importance stems from the fact that it 
occupies the central position in the chemistry of all 
living things . An isotope with a relatively long half-
life would enable men to "watch" minute life 
processes and structures. Carbon 14's half-life is 
5700 years. 

Frustration Precedes Discovery 

The discovery of Carbon 14 took place in the face 
of frustration and mystery on the part of Kamen 
and previous researchers . Kamen and the late Dr. 

- ISRAEL-
11 week student Group . 
Includes 3 weeks in Eur,ope 
and a Mediterranean CrUise 

call Marty.; 755-8850 

EUROPE 

Samuel Ruben had been doing unsuccessful cyclo· 
tron bombardments for over a year when in 
January 1940 Kamen tried two parallel 
"desperation " experiments. In one. a very strong 
beam of deuterons was directed towards a graphite 
target in the 37-inch cyclotron (the first major 
cyclotron ) every night for a month. During the day 
the target also absorbed a somewhat weaker beam 
of deuterons. Kamen hoped the Carbon 13 atoms 
would absorb the deuterons. emit a proton, and 
yield Carbon 14 atoms. 

Kamen tended the target day and night and 
·finally terminated bombardment before dawn on 
February 15. 1940. during a bad storm. The next day 
Ruben detected promising radioactivity, and after 
detailed chemical analysis and observation. they 
concluded that they had indeed created Carbon 14. 

Second Experiment Successful 

The second experiment was neglected for a time 
in the excitement over the success of the first and 
the creation of the isotope. In the second ex· 
periment. Kamen put two five-gallon containers of 
ammonium nitrate near the neutron beam of a new 
GO·inch cyclotron. The experiment was forgotten 
until July when it was analyzed and found to yield. 
much to Kamen 's amazement. 100 to 1000 times 
more Carbon 14 than the graphite bombardment. 

Dr. Kamen 's present research at UCSD concerns 
photosynthesis among bacteria. Also. during the 
last three years he has spent part of his time 
establishing a photosynthesis laboratory at the 

ational Center for Scientific Research at Gif·sur-
Yvette near Paris. 

Also Israel and Japan 
$230- 295 R.T. From West Coast 

$199 R.T. From East Coas t 
E.S.E.P. 8217 Beverly Blvd .• L.A 
(213) 651 - 33 11 

904 SILVERADO 
LA JOLLA, CALIF. 

459-9959 
E.S.E.P .-U.C.S.D. member s only 

Bob Davis Camera Shop 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459-7355 

Sandwiches 
* Beer 
* Wine 

11:00 A.M. -
2:00 A.M. 

EL HAPPY HOUR 
MONDAY & THURSDAY 

3:30-6 :30 P.M. 

15C BEER 

With this ad 
buy one beer 
Get one beer fr,e 
(except HIPPY Hour) 

PI" 4 Triton Tilln Mlrch 6. 1970 

453-5408 
Rap With yom PSA rep. 
Pam Peterson, agent for 
six non·stops daily to 
San Francisco. Flights 
every hour on the hal f· 
hour to LA. Also. great 
service to Hollywood-
Burbank. San Jose. Oak-
IHnd. and Sacramento. 
\'ou 've got _ij":" 
her number. ~i 

PSA I gIVes I 
you a 11ft J 

Tuition Raises 
Aid Problems 

by Owen Joyner 
Staff Writer 

The advent of tuition has raised notable concern over tuition 's 
probable effects on the financial aids situation on this campus. 
Prevailing opinion of local university officials Indicates that tuition 
might not in itself be disastrous if the Regents further develop their 
plan to provide for students in finagcial need. The Regents will make a 
decision on this at a meeting later this month. 

Problem: Revenue Usage 

The crux of the situation lies in how the Regents plan to allocate the 
expected $30 million which tuition will bring in . It is certain that most 
of the funds will be alloted for capital improvement of the university. 
that is. construction. However. financial aids experts contend that a 
good proportion of the tuition monies must be funnelled back to sup· 
port the students who are unable to meet the new tuition costs. Dean 
Dryer of the Financial Aids Office estimates that one-half of the tuition 
funds should be used in this regard if the aids program is not to be 
greatly upset. 

Mr. Dryer pointed to the present budget to demonstrate the levity of 
the situation. The assistance programs now in operation. such as the 
Educational Opportunity Program. the Work-Study Program. and the 
National Defense Loan Program. draw chiefly on two sources for 
money. One is the Federal Government. which furnished this school 
with $490.000 this year ($103.000 less than last year). The remainder 
comes from fees. and amounts to about $240.000. This last figure is the 
result of a fee raise of several years ago amounting to $81 per student. 
Of this $81. $55 is used directly for financial aid. Thus. when this fee 
hike was instituted it was found to greatly help the financial aids 
situation. Since the mean annual family income of the UC student is 
$15.000, it is evident that most students could amply afford the raise ; 
meanwhile the needy students were receiving assistance often 
covering beyond just the fees . 
Disadvantaged Might Become More So 

It is therefore felt that if a sufficient chunk of the new tuition funds 
are used to help students in need then no problems should occur. 
However, if just compensations are not made for the students. in the 
form of outright grants. then they will be forced to take out. in many 
cases. several heavy loans. Such students. very often from minority 
backgrounds. will find their college education a tremendous gamble. 
A critical example is the students in the Educational Opportunity 
Program admitted to the University from unconfident academic 
backgrounds. Such students number 175 this year and 400 are expected 

ne~ year. Their success at the university is a delicate prospect and 
burdensome loans would only serve to further disadvantage them. 

Dean Dryer further expounded on the dangers inherent in an 
elaborate program of loans. The cost of administering them would 
certainly cut heavily into the money raised by tuition. Also there are 
the costs of interest on the State bonds used to finance them; and, 
finally , there are bad debts. 

An unknown factor at this point, regarding the problem of tuition 
funds subsidizing financial aids. is how many new students "will come 
out of the bushes" seeking aid who would not ordinarily do so but are 
forced to because of tuition. It is speculated that there are many such 
students. 

Chancellor McGill. at a press conference last week. stated that he 
believes $5 to $6 million dollars (one·sixth to one-third of the tuition 
monies ) will be allocated to financial aids and that no crisis will ensue, 
at least next year. The official answer of the Regents will be known by 
the end of the month. 

TRS 

EUROPE 1970 
"D.'Irft"\ .. mill.d bll 10_' prIC .. - 1'111 wi'" ou, ,.U.bl •• l1li .... trouP. 
In ••• lr •• t. fI,.t. Do"' .. _Metl" out .t ........ "'Inu ••. •• 
ALL "LIGHTS VIA T"ANS INTII"NATtONAL AI"WAYS 0" 
SATURN A."WAYS DC·' SUltll".Ja:TS WITH CDMltLll!IIlHTAlltv 
"'.ALS AND .IEVERAGES. 

RESTRICUO 10 STUOENIS fACUllY EMPlOYEESANOS1AH 
ANO THEIR IMMEOIAIE fAMILIES 

lliCht. A.lnlbl. II 01 Jln. 1. 1970 
No. 561 - OAKLAND/LONDON (One WI,) 

Morch u.~.~~ .................................................................................. ·145 
SUMMER rLiGHTS 

No. 532 - LOS ANGELES/AMSTEROAM (Round trip) 
JUNE30-AUGUST29 ................................................................... ·299 

No. 533- OAKLANO/ AMSTERDAM (RoundTrip) 
JUNE15-SEPTEMBERI .............................................................. 1289 

No. 534 - LOS ANIlElES/LONDON (Round Trip) 
JUNE 15-SEPTEMBER7 .............................................................. 12.S 

No. 4000 - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (Round Trip) 
JUNE 16-SEPTEMaIII7 .................. ......................................... '289 

No. 535 - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (Round Trip) • 
JUNE 17 - s."t_ber19 ....... .................................................... .. .. '289 

No. 536 - NEW YORK/LONDON (Round Trip) 
JUNE 1.-nPTEMBEA . .......................................................... .... '199 

No. 537 - LOS ANGELES/AMSTERDAM (Round TiIp) 
JUNE24-SEPTEMBER2 ............................. : ................................. 299 

No. 4001- -OAKLAND/LONDON/AMS1l:RDAM/OAKLAND 
JUNE 19- SEPTEMBER 21 ............................................................. 211 

No. 4005 - OAKLAND/AMS1l:RDAM (Round Trip) 
JULY2-AUGUSTI0 ........................... ............................................ 299 

No. 541- OAK LANDI AMSTERDAM (IIPundTrlp) 
JULY4-AUGUSTI5 ....................................................................... m 

No. 5"-::' OAKLAND/AMSTDIOAM (lIoundTrip) 
JUNE 24 -..Allli.!.!.ST 24 .............................................................. _ ... '299 

No. 4003 - OAKLAND/LOS ANGELES/AMSTERDAM (RoundTrip) ,.. 
JULY2' - AUGUST 27 .................................................................. 299 

No. 4004 - 0NEWAY - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM 
JUNE23 ................................ _ ......................................... ........... ....... ·119 

SPEClAllI IntIr-E .... n s1uIIInt chIl11r fIiIh1I 
In conjunction with Cal-Jet flights listed above at 
fantastically reduced rates. student charters to 
India, Tunisia (North Africa), East Africa, Turkey, 
Greece, Russia, Malta, and Israel (Tel Aviv) also 
available at reduced rates. Call or write now for 
further information and applications. 

W~IT[; 
CAL JET CHAIlTEIIS 
2150 GIIUN STIIEET 
Sin fr __ • C.III. 94123· 
CHARTERS TO JA'AN. AUSTIIALIA. AflllCA IALJO AVAILAIILE 

'In the M idd Ie of Isla been released which caused burning and watering of the eyes, draining of tlo2 sinuses and bur· 
ning of the throat. Two busses had 
ar:Pived at the UCSB parking lot 
adjacent to IV. By four a.m ., most 
people had returned to their 
homes. 

again. Helicopters flew overhead, 
and riot control police were on the 
edge of town . A minor battle 
occurred near Taco Bell bE!tween 
the police firing gas rockets and 
demonstrators throwing rocks . 
Again crowds chased patrol cars 
with rocks. One student was hit by 
a car as it sped away and had to 
be hospitalized. A policeman was 
knocked down by a rock and had 
to be carried away. 

Vista, in Perfect Park ... ' 
(Editor's Note: Dennis Hogan is a 
junior at UCSD and a history 
major. This is his account of the 
violence at UCSB last week 

. beginning Wednesday afternoon.) 

In the middle of Isla Vista, in 
Perfect Park, a group of people 
was gathered after hearing 
Wi II iam Kunstler, defense at· 
torney for the Chicago Seven and 
Jerry Rubin's wife speak at UCSB 
last Wednesday afternoon. The 
night before there had been a 
disturbance in front of the Bank of 
America, in which one person was 
arrested and the front windows of 
the ban k were broken . A month 
before, riot control police were 
called upon the UCSB campus to 
stop demonstrations protesting 
the dismissal of Bill Allen, a 
UCSB sociology professor who 
was accused of unorthodox 
teaching methods. At the Kunstler 
rally, listening to the frustratit;)g 
and ludicrous experiences of the 
conspiracy trial, the crowd 
showed enthusiasm at every 
mention of "taking to the 
streets," by applauding and 
stomping on the metal grand· 
stands of the-stadium they filled. 
An Isla Vista community meeting 
was announced at the end of the 
rally. 

In the park nothing was hap· 
pening . A lot of police cars were 
cruising IV and the park. Some 
guys came with a portable PA and 
began talking about someone who 
had just been arrested after the 
rally for having a bottle of wine. 
They said that he was "thrown 
against the car ... the way he was 
handled would make you sick." 
They were obviously trying to 
make people mad and start 
something happening, but they 
lacked charisma. The crowd was 
gathered on both sides of the 
street that circumscribes the 
park, and police cars kept driving 
through. Once as a patrol car 
approached, spontanious ap· 
plause broke out and someone 
shouted "fucking pig ." When the 
next car came through, a couple 
of rocks were thrown at it. Two 
more cars drove by and each time 
more rocks were thrown. The 

police in the cars looked 
frightened. 

After that they stopped driving 
through the crowd, but still 
cruised close by. After about a 
quarter of an hour the crowd 
started to march down the street, 
around the perimeter of the park, 
to the record store and under· 
ground theater . Whenever a 
police car stuck its nose around a 
corner, rocks were thrown at it. 
Soon we all realized that they 
were afraid, or cautious, and were 
trying to avoid the crowd which 
was rapidly growing. The record 
store was playing Street Fighting 
Man . A police car was seen down 
the street and about thirty went 
running after it, throwing rocks. 
This was about sundown. 

From then on things 
snowballed. A fire was lit in the 
middle of the street and the crowd 
wandered through the downtown 
section, throwing rocks at a 
couple of patrol cars that got in 
the way. When they had made a 
full circle and arrived back at the 
record store, some people broke 
into the front door of a realty 
office and could be heard 
rumaging through the file 
cabinets. (Rents are high in IV, 
and apartments are flimsy and 
ugly. This particular realty 
company has a very ugly reputa· 
tion around town.) As the night 
progressed, the crowd drifted into 
two main groups : one roaming 
the streets looking for patrol cars 
and the other congregating in the 
downtown section and eventually 
witnessing the burning of the 
Bank of America . 

Most of the people on the streets 
that night were spectators. Only a 
few were committing property 
damage. At the Bank of America, 
the crowd was congregated in the 
parking lot. People threw rocks at 
the bank sign and broke the neon 
letters on the side of the building . 
The fire was started when one of 
the metal garbage bins, which 
had been set on fire, was rolled 
through the back door of the 
building. Several people tried to 
extinguish it, but to no avail. 

By the early hours of the 
morning, IV had been sealed off ; 
no one was admitted. Gas had 

The next day all was quiet. 
There were many police cars and 
several strange busts. According 
to one girl, the police broke into 
her home, turned the place upside 
down without producing ' a 
warrant, found some marijuana 
and synthetic mescal in., and left. 
Another person said he had two 
six packs of beer (he was over 21) 
when the police stopped him, 
poured out the beer, and started to 
search him. He pulled a joint out 
of his pocket and ate it whereupon 
the police jumped on him, caused 
a black eye and a gash on his 
forehead, and demanded that he 
"show us your dope or we'll break 
your fucking head in." He took 
them to a house where two I ids 
were. They took the lids and left. 

That night the crowd gathered 

The next night, Friday, the 
National Guard came, the rain 
came, and the place was pretty 
quiet except for the helicopters 
that flew overhead . Some people 
caught on the streets were 
arrested, and their bail has been 
set at $3,000 each . People have 
been collecting money in the hope 
of raising enough to post bail. A 
petition was circulated on campus 
condemning the violence, and 
organized opposition has been 
established, saying that the 
petition can only harm those 
arrested and urging signers to 
have their names struck . 

Students to l Help Seek Chancellor 
Roger Showley 

News Editor 

Search Committee: AS President Jeff 
Benjamin has succeeded in getting the 
authority to nominate four un· 
dergraduates as members of the UC 
President·s Search Committee to find a 
replacement for Chancellor McGill . Two 
people will be chosen to join a graduate 
student. nominated by the Graduate 
Student Council. and faculty members 
chosen by the Academic Senate. The list of 
nominees will be secret. however. until the 
committee decides its degree of openness 
in public. Historically. search committees 
have remained anonymous, except for the 
chairman. 

Gov. Reagan's Student Advisory Council 
meets in Sacramento again today and 
Benjamin forecast a more active session 
between the governor and student body 
presidents from colleges and universities 
from around the state. In the past the 
students have been unprepar.ed on un-
published agenda items, he said. but today 
they plan to ask the governor to provide 
specific information on topics with which 
they are concerned. 

Student Center: The AS has joined an 
international organization to get new ideas 
on utilizing the Student Center, scheduled 
for completion within five years. to be 
located east of Cluster I Gym. The 
Associa tiorr of College Unions In· 
ternational charges annual dues of $100 or 
more. depending on the size of each 
campus. Senator Lenny Bourin of Muir 

comp)P~.;ed that this appropriation did not 
relate to more fundamental problems of 
society. "This building is the kind of 
corporate enterprise." he said. " that 
perpetuates what is in San Diego. How 
relevant is it to the kinds of things going on 
in this country?" 

Former AS President Tom Shepard. who 
heads the Student Center Committee. said 
that the facility was indeed " a very useful 
operation for the kind of cultural center 
the students desire." He noted that the 
overwhelming approval of 85 per cent of 
the students voting in the spring elections 
last year to institute a center fee showed 
their approval of such a center. 

Where your money goes : At Tuesday's 
Senate meeting. the AS approved (1) $850 
to the Bureau for Environmental Design to 
continue operations through September ; 
(2) $210 to ]{SOT for transportation. 
broadcasting. and hotel expenses incurred 
during last week's coverage of the UC 
Santa Barbara disturbance ; (3) $50 to the 
Synchronized Swim Club for publicity in 
its Spring show ; (4) $25 to Women's 
Liberation Front for loudspeaking 
equipment costs tor Monday 's celebration 
of International Women's Day ; and (5) $88 
for furnishing a new office in Building 250 
MC for use by the AS and its commi~es. 

Coffee Hut: Plans are underway for 
expanding the Coffee Hut in the Fall so it 
can serve full sit<lown meals in the 
evening. Vice-President Mike Palcic said 
$1000 was needed to pay for working 
drbwingS for a $40,()()()..plus building that 
would seat 150 for dinner and 350 for en· 
tertainment events. 

For rhos, Who Can't ... ome- y--.... 
Scholarship Funds Needed! First first. 

And find out what Service really means. 
Just keep a minimum of $100 in your check· 
ing account (personal or business) and write 
all your checks free. 

SOUTHERN CALIFORN'" 

i FIRST NATIONAL ."NK 
,. . 

t I'" 
Member F.D.I.C. 

H. K. BARKER, Branch Manager 
La Jolla Shotes Br, 2256 Avenlda de la Playa, La JolI~ 

Fidelity Union 
Life Insurance Co. 

ColleueMaster 

Guarante~~ .~~.~ .t?P. company 
No war exclusion clause In the 
basic policy 

Exclusiveberi~iiis·at special rates 
Fu 11 a vlatioii cciv"erage 
Premium deposits deferred until 
you are out of school 

Holiday Inn 
SUIT E 100 -
LA JOLLA. CA. 92037 
453-1863 or 
279-6878. 272-0548 

Don Cleman - Monte Evans 

. Contlct : 

ON STAGE! 

SLOW DANCE 
on the 

Gifts & Endowments 
UCSD 

La JolII. CI 92017 

KILLING GROUND 
Ih r('_ IT'I ,1, 1l1r'! I t - -1 011" h 1\ ( 
fronl t'(1 ,h n!h"" T h ~ . r 1,,, . \ r~, J 
rom(l I n l(' r l .... " fO rt fl\ ,n ltfS n rp r . , 
... tn pd '1 

'1~O I, f' \ _ -1 T ~ '\ S ,. he~ 
SJOOIf, · S", h. 
1200 S. un <'.Anl ''' ~jI N"" ' h :' 7' 

1 SO I ~I ,J. 1"1,1 (. A. f .1, ,,,.1 -" tH S..,t £ ... , 

phone 23'·2255 after noon 

c~~~~~ceI1tre stage 
aC, •• ell I" u,a uat in,alre 

Triton Titnts Mlrch e. 1970 Pile 5 



iNO QUIERO MORIR 
A LA EDAD DE 49! 

Raoul Contreras 
Staff Writer 

The campus Huelga Committee is a familiar sight 
to most UCSD students, but, according to Juan 
Lopez, its student coordinator, there is still too 
much ignorance about the history, struggle, 
aspirations, and meaning behind la huelga , Cesar 
Chavez, and "don 't eat grapes" bumper stickers. 

Although the strike has become a symbol of the 
growing Mexican-American or Chicano movement, 
it is more a humanitarian movement than a 
polticial one. The basic goal of the strike is to obtain 
for farm workers the collective bargaining power 
which Huelga supporters believe can only bring the 
social security benefits industrial workers have had 
for 35 years. Strike supporters see it as the only way 
to reform working and living conditions which have 
produced infant and mll-ternal mortality rates 125 
per cent higher than the national average, incidence 
of infectious disease 300 per cent higher , and an 
average life expectancy of 49 for the migrant farm 
worker. Despite being " immoral" and "attempted 
blackmail" in the opinion of Governor Reagan to its 
supporters the strike is a protest against these 
working conditions which resulted from being left 
outside the jurisdiction of the national labor laws. 

Grapes are largely a local product (98 per cent 
grown in California and Arizona ), and an 
unessential one ; the national and international 
prominance, which has allowed the lengthy strike 
to continue against 'large and organized growers, 
must be attributed to the fact it has come to 
represent the wider aspirations of the Chicano 
movement and its organizer Cesar Chavez. 

Chavez, who never got past the eighth grade , and 
is from a migrant farm worker family, began the 
attempt to organize farm workers in 1962. At that 
time he formed the ational Farm Workers 
Association, a self-help community union. He 
realized that on ly through collective bargaining 
could farm workers extract reforms from the im-
personal farm corporations which make up the 
California agriculture industry (7 per cent of the 
fa rm owners own 79 per cent of the land ). The first 
meeting of the Association produced 287 members , 
a death benefits plan, and a credit union with $35 in 
assets . 

Chavez slowly built up the strength of his union to 
a 1000 members by 1964, and felt confident enough to 
make his first engagement with the growers. The 
results were court victories over a grower paying 
less than the minimum wage, and the Tulare County 
Housing Authority over the rents and conditions of 
labor camps. 

The grape strike itself began in 1965, when the 
Agricultura l Workers Organizing Committee 
(largely Filopino - American Carm workers ) were 
refused the right of a union representation election 
by California wine grape growers . Chavez 's NFWA 
chose to join them, and they combined to form the 
United Farm Workers Organizing Committee under 
his leadership. The growers countered the strike by 
importing foreign strike breakers. The UFWOC 
then turned to its other alternative and organized a 
consumer boycott. After a two-year struggle, 
boycotts and threats of boycott brought , among 
others , Gallo, Christian Brothers, Masson , 

PI" 6 Triton Times Mlrch •• 1970 

Aimadin, Franzia Brothers, and Novitiate wine 
grape growers to the bargaining table. The results 
were contracts, which provide the best farm worker 
wages and working conditions in American 
agriculture . 

After this victory the UFWOC notified the 
California table grape growers that it represented 
their workers and called for elections and 
negotiations. Not one grower responded and again 
the UFWOC resorted to strike and boycott. 

In the two years of boycott, the growers have 
publicly minimized its effect, and called it a failure . 
However , they have also hired the public relations 
firm of Whitaker and Baxter (who ran Goldwater 's 
1964 Presidential campaign), and are launching an 
anti-boycott publicity campaign. They are also 
sponsoring a " Conswners Food Protection Act" by 
Senator George Murphy which would make farm 
labor strikes, and picketting and conswners 
boycotts dealing with agriculture products , illegal. 
The UFWOC points to U.S. Department of 
Agriculture statistics which show an average 
decline in sales of 22 per in the top forty grape 
consuming cities of the U.S. and Canada in 1969. 

The UFWOC tactic of applying economic pressure 
through conswner boycott is the result of a history 
of futile attempts to deal with the political power of 

the agricultural-business interests . In the past these 
interests have been able to block a nwnber of at-
tempts to extend the Wagner Act, industrial 
workers "bill of rights" , to include agricultural 
workers. At the same time growers have been able, 
for the most part , to ignore existing sanitation and 
safety regulations . It is not uncommon for men and 
women workers to be put out into fields without 
toilet facilities . Also , unenforced state labor laws 
have resulted in extensive use of child labor and 
illegal importation of foreign workers to break farm 
labor strikes. 

UFWOC leaders have also come to realize that 
only the economic pressure of boycott will get 
growers to act on the new-found dangers of 
pesticide poisoning. A 1969 California Public 
Health Department survey (mostly among grape 
pickers) fo und that 80 per cent of the workers in-
vestigated suffered from symptoms of pesticide 
poisoning including rashes, loss of hair and 
fingernails , vision impairment, and convulsions. It 
is this disagreement on the use of pesticides and 
proposals for pesticide protection for both workers 
and consumers which remains as the major block to 
recognition of the UFWOC as the farmworkers 
agent by the growers . 

Being without political or legal power, it wUl be 
the UFWOC ability to induce more American 
conswners to make the moral decision not to eat 
grapes that will determine the success or failure of 
La Huelga . It is this need that has made important 
the boycott support by the World Council of Chur-
ches, the AFL-CIO, The United Automobile 
Workers, the Canadian Labour Congress, the 
Consumers Federation of America, and the 
Na tional Consumers League . It is also this need 
which has made important the educating and fund 
raising activities of Huelga Committees throughout 
th country. 

Students interested in helping or contributing to 
th food and script raising campaigns of the UCSD 
Huelga Committee should stop by the table in 
Revelle Plaza . 

On The Road 
To Ensenada 

Susan Graves 
Staff Writer 

The highway to Ensenada running along the coast will soon be 
covered with little beach resorts typical of the beach areas here on the 
California coast. The once-beautiful and relatively uninhabited 
coastline is being graded to make way for the building of trailer lots, 
resort hotels, and restaurants. 

Below Ensenada around Punta Banda and La Dufadora, about 30 
minutes southeast of Ensenada , there are still dozens of tourists 
flocking to camp, but the area is still scenic and has remained in a 
fairly natural state. " La Bufadora " or the " blow hole" draws tourists 
to see the tons of water and spray rush up between the enfoldings of a 
cliff to soar fifty feet into the air . 

A couple of weekends ago a group of students traveled down a very 
much inhabited beach area near Punta Banda to find the road sud-
denly blocked off before a huge, strange-looking structure. Named 
" the casino" by the group, the huge unfinished resort, it was rumored, 
was never finished because of lack of funds , and it stands gray and 
uninhabited with one dome-like room that echoed even whispers along 
the beach. 

The beach, the group soon learned, did not end at the "casino" but 
went on for several miles on the other side. They were able, by a stroke 
of luck, to take their vans and trucks through a low spot in the sand 
dunes leading to the beach and drive up the relatively secluded beach 
until they found complete privacy. They parked the cars in a flat spot 
in the dunes as far off the beach as possible, and were soon to learn 
that if they had been lower on the beach, they would have sunk in the 
sand made soft and wet by a very high tide (there was a full moon that 
weekend ). 

They were only able to move the cars once a day, which gave them a 
sense of nature really guiding their lives, as it seems so rarely to do in 
our usual urban existence. There were several bikes and a mini-bike 
for the girls to ride so they were at least able to do a little " research" 
at the "casino." It was great sport to go tearing through the dunes and 
up b~py old roads and then buzz through the abandoned buildings. 

At mght they played "war" with fire crackers . The girls hid among 
the bushes remaining as immobile as possible because of a full moon 
while the guys spread out to search the dunes for the "army." The 
usually patient girls soon became impatient and would go creeping 
around the dunes soon to be caught because the moon had outlined 
their mobile state as they flashed through the dunes from one bush to 
another. 

Three days of lying in the sun, playing on the secluded beach, and 
the once-a-<.lay trip to town soon came to an end. They went into town 
for one last huge meal of " tortas" and a trip to the panaderia for torta 
rolls to take back over the border . 

At the gas station, however, a couple soon learned that the elec-
tricity was out allover Ensenada. Not even having enough gas to get 
out to the surrounding areas where service stations used manual 
rather than electric pumps, they felt that it was their fate to spend one 
more evening in Ensenada. They perched themselves on a hill 
overlooking Ensenada and the ocean and excitedly pictured them-
selves stranded. However, as day turned to dusk little lights began 
popping out in the street below and they knew they were free to leave. 

The trip back involved a check at the border, but there was very 
little traffic when they crossed early in the evening. They brought 
back such precious items as clam shells, Corona beer bottles and torta 
rolls, so they easily paased through to CalifOrnia after a brief stop. 
They had again stepped into the world of mid.terms, papers and soon-
to-<:ome finals , and their own suddenly-rainy beaches, and began to 
dream of their next hot, sunny, fantastic vacation across the border. 

The TRITON TIMES Is plan-
ning a large feature section 
dealing with all aspects of 
ecology for the issue of April 17, 
1970. The feature editor, Rich 
Heimlich, is seeking articles 
Crom all members of the San 
Diego Community. 

If you wish to do an article, or 
~ow someone wllo would, call 
Rich at 453-2000, ext. 1016 or 1017. 

~\ I~)& . 
,,,,--. '. y~. La,.. .. I ........ 
. ,. - l' ~ BRIAR PIPES 

~ ' 1.".".1 • hlfstl, {\ ""ect. PI," AI« 
.'ttI Met.serles CI",. • CIti"",, 

LAIGI SlUCTlON Of' '''POlActC 
100111 & MAGAZlNI' 

WINTHER'S BRIlR PATCH 
CALL-l 454-1278 I 

7174 6I1AI. LA JOLLA 

Horoscope 
PLANI!TARY ASPECTS AND DE · 
LINEATIONS FOR THE WEEK OF 
MARCH ' ·MARCH 12 

byORACLE 

T ARIES : M.r. 21 .Apr. l' 
WATCH lor 'he '0'.1 eclipse of 'h. 
Sun, S.turday at ' :43 • . m .I'A T.urus 
coll.bor.tor, . S.giHarius fr iend, .nd 
the w.rm rays of Venus combine to 
inspire thil week, while the Moon 
10urn.YI through Aries. 

TAURUS : 
Apr . 2O.May 20 

SATURN and Mars both in Taurus ar. 
adding unbounded str.ngth to your 
very fixed d.terminatlon. Friction or 
resentments 01 a ScorpiO will be un· 
derm ined and dissolved by • Pi.c •• n 
ch.rmer, the Moon in Tlluru5 Wedn .. • 
day, and an illusive Virgo friend. 

II: GEMINI May 21·June 21 : 
GATHER the thrlild. 01 much misin· 
lormation yOU are receiVing, a. the 
Sun dims out Saturday morning. In 
the light 01 the ensuing week, meditate 
on their rewellvlng into .. loglu l 
pattern 01 design and hue, as the 
Thursday Moon enters Gemin i, in 
opposi t ion to Neptune, retrograde in 
5agiMar ius . 

CANCER : 
June 21·July 22 

DEPTH 01 thought will avoid prob. 
lems and conflicting actions this 
week . Your creative reasoning may 
discover the vatidity 01 a liaison to 
present your object i ves and state your 
desired case . 

J1 LEO : July 13·Aug . 12 
R ESI ST temptations this darkening 
week to spring prematurely to your 
kill . Take care and pace yoursell . 
Persistence will soon show you the 
br ight pri le around time 's corner . 

VtRGO : 
Aug. 23.Sept . 22 

MOODS are contagious . Pluto retro· 
grading your sola r sign opposes Venus 
and the Moon. Saturday 's eclipse of 
the Sun also dulls the vi bes, unti l a 
Taurian pierces the mystery Thurs· 
day . 

LIBRA : 
Sept. 23·0ct . 22 

UNPREDICTABLE Uranus still 
retrogrades In Libra! II pressures 
multiply, look to his opposition w i th 
the Ar ian Moon Sunday, and waste no 
t ime applying wholesome habi ts as a 
sure soivent. 

SCORPIO : 
Oct. 23·Nov . 21 

. MOONSH INE and Mercury save the 
week! Study the strains and open up to 
strong influences in the Piscean Orb. 

SAGITTARIUS : 
Nov . 22· Dec. 21 

DREAMS come true lor those who 
take the t i me to dream them up. You 
do, and th is week you want all the 
lacts. Study In the light 01 th e powerful 
Ari an Moon Sunday , with Venus by 
your side Monday . 

CAPRICORN : 
Dec. 22·Jan . 19 

ADVANCE slowly and pause until 
after the solar ecli pse. Nevertheless 
carryon, never losing sight of new 
iatent talents and creative laculties 
you will use in the progressively po· 
tent luture. 

~ ... 
. ..,..". .. 

AQUARIUS : 
Jan. 20·Feb . 18 

VENUS in Pisces favors the Moon in 
Aquarius tonight . Tomorrow's solar 
ecli pse Indicates many unseen and 
unknown si tuat ions, of which 
decisions must be postponed all week , 
while you ponder thoughtfully belore 
acting . 

PISCES : 
Feb. 19-Mar. 20 

ECL! PSE signifies " power turning 
off," and 15 generally lelt tor several 
hours belore and some hours alter its 
occurence . Although the Sun is in 
Pisces, and the Moon 41lso, it is a har. 
monious week with Venus here to 
eKcite . Get i t together and prove your 
qualities . 

NOTA TtON : If viewing the ecli pse 
Saturday, dO not look directly into the 
Sun .•. use smoked glass or devices to 
directth. Imllge onto another surface. 

Plcific B_eII 955 Garnet 
CRAFT CENTER Pacific Beach 

Classes" cran SUpplies 
Beads &I Jewelry Findings 
Candle Makin( 

Campus 
Crime 

Stoppers 
Rich HeimUch 
Feature Editor 

The 20 men that make up the 
UCSD campus police force 
belong to one of the oldest 
organizations in the University of 
California, though they patrol one 
of the newest campuses . 

The police had their beginnings 
here in 1914 when they were a 
security force based in the 
Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. In 1947 the 
campus police gained full police 
status , which allowed them to 
carryon their own investigations 
independent of the San Diego 
Police Department. Today the 
police here have two experienced 
investigators working full time 
for UCSD. 

Most of the men on the police 
force are retired military men. 
The oldest is 62, the youngest is 
30 . As of 1968 prospective campus 
police must be between the ages 
of 21 and 35, and comply with the 
state requirements which require 
all candidates to attend the San 
Diego Police Academy. 

Today the campus police must 
patrol an area that includes 
Scripps, Soledad Mountain , 
University Hospital, and Camp 
Elliott. 

The primary duty of the force is 
to provide general protection for 
the campus and act as a 
deterrent to crime. This, says 
campus Police Chief Marion 
Torrens, includes policing 
against theft and providWg a full 

ambulance service. 
" The biggest problem on 

campus is the theft of university 
property, " Chief Torrens ex-
plained. "Crime of this type had 
been increasing up until August 
of last year. We were averaging 
about $2500 worth of stolen 
property per month, reaching an 

The phone number for the Inlormatlon 
Office is 453 EDNA. That 's why it 's 
called INFORMATION CENTER 
EDNA. CALL 453·EDNA . or ext. 1116. 

KIBBUTZ? 
THE KIBBUTZ IS A UNIQUE SOCIAL EXPERIENCE 
IN COOPERATIVE LIVING WHICH STRIVES FOR 
PERSONAL AND COMMUNITY SELF-REALIZATION 
IN ISRAEL. 

WE INVITE YOU TO EXPERIENCE THE KIBBUTZ 
THROUGH THE FOLLOWING PROGRAMS: . 

: --iii-BaUTZ -If(p-AN --; :- YEMP''-''ARYwcYliiiERS-i 
• Six-month program of : 

1/2 day work" 1/2 : 
Living and working on 
a Kibbutz one month 
or more . , day Hebrew studies. : 
~--.----------.----.~.-.-: I. __ ._ ................ 0 ~ ..... ...... . . 

CONTACT -~.~ HILLEL GORDIN 454-7523 
CALL BETWEEN 7:30 & 8:30 P.M. 

FOR YOUR BEAUTY SUPPLIES 
~ 

BEAUTY STORES 
Special Discounts with 

Student Card 

Clairoil-Lapinal 
Roux-Breck 

English Leather 
Ozon-Wellite 

Old Spice-Redkin 

DIANE SHOPPING CENTER 
4.702 CLA[REMONT MeSA BLVD. 
272-3242 

COSMETICS 
SHAMPOOS 

WAVES 
hAIR SPRAYS 

WIG SUPPLIES 
GIfTS j WIGS 

UNIVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOPPING CENTEi'{ 
3979 GOVERNOR DR. 

~5~-6U1 

: 

unprecedented peak in July. That 
month we had $9,600 in thefts 
reported, including $2,000 worth 
of platinum taken from the 
Undergraduate Sciences 
Building . The open nature of the 
campus makes it difficult for us 
to prevent theft," he said. 

Thefts began to decrease the 

following month , largely due to a 
student security patrol. "Only 
$640 worth of stolen items were 
reported for August, when we 
hired ten students to serve as 
watchmen ," the Chief explained. 

The campus poli ce are 
currently employing an elec-
tronic guard system that will 
receive electronic signals from 
fire alarms and elevators to alert 
the police . " Panels are added to 
the system as the need arises," 
said AI Rea of the campus Health 
a nd Safety Office. "Eventually 
the panel will allow us to close 
smoke doors and secure the 
Veterans Hospital at night. 

UCSD is under the jurisdiction 
of the San Diego Police Depart-
ment and the San Diego County 
Sheriff's Department. " They are 
responsible for this campus," 
Chief Torrens said. " If we can 
handle our own affairs, we will be 
left alone. I keep the city police 
informed on a regular basis." 

Fears have been aired that a 
drug bust similar to the one that 
took place in 1966 at Revelle 
College is due . Chancellor McGill 
noted that "the administration 
has become alarmed over drug 
usage. We feel it is extensive, but 
no agency has informed me of a 
raid . However, once they get the 
information needed for an arrest, 
they do not necessarily have to 
inform the university first ." 

WHERE 
15 

HAWAII? 

You ought to go to HawaII , now, w11l1~ 
it's Sli/llher~. 

If your family won't send you Illst to goof aroll"d , 
maybe they'l/ send )/OU fo, thp Unlvr,slt .v 0/ H"'''''II 
Summer Session 

If you' re 17 to 25 , Adler UnlVrrslt.v Study To"" ,':,/1 
arrnnRe 6 w{,l'ks In HawaII for you ~\'t' Irmldfr l't'o_vtllltl.,\ 
.. rapt regIstratIo n and c1t/',es (altllo" .~J, "",'11 ad '1-1' 
~ou On th05t • • , you rII.S") 111 a modt'mlj' rrlt t' 

Send In tI,t-coupon. mId wr'II-"'nd .unlt I' (,.'j' 1'0('" 
called "Whe re 15 H ,IU'ai;' I, 's " [,~"u"11I1 /look 
We tl"nl you'll I, l e II . and If "r,,,, 'r"dltl.~ I' Vl1" 
wunl 10 1/,0, wr' 1I handle II,,· ' ''''III ,~I' '''' 'III' 
(~."#' fI,.,.,. tty~\·,..'t'·" ""I .", •. ,.,~.'.' ! .. I, ••• ., ' ,", ., .... .e .' rr., 
U.,n" · "'lI tt IH''''. 'j ,." " .. /' ''r .,IC .. .. .... ".",,, ... , .. ' ,'4" "1' 

r-----------------------------, 
I WA 'TIT : 

I 

, AM£ : 
I 

ADDRESS I 
I 

TATE ZIP I 

SCHOOL ACE : 
I 

A4'", 0 .. ,,(1'''' t- ("i" (' T'III I'" A lit 'HH'Ut','C I 
4 r <4 Itm,,"' Sf • Sw,'r tJ. Sn" r '"rI ("'.(O 0"", , ~ I 

I J'7 · /000 I ~ ___________________ _ ________ _ J 

Tm. Tilil. .lrdI I. 1171 p ... 1 



HilT ItlALI 
Police Action Previews future Problems 
Last Sunday night UCSD got a preview 

of what could happen if the police need to 
be called to the campus. Fortunately, due 
mainly to the fact that resident students 

. kept their cool and did not begin throwing 
objects at policemen, the situation 
remained under control and the police 
left after awhile. But if such an event 
occurs again the results might not be the 
same. The university must examine this 
situation carefully now, before a tragedy 
occurs. 

What was the situation? The initial 
disturbance was caused by high school 
students who came to the concert, ap-
parently with the intent of crashing in. At 
previous concerts Hie use of student 
mon itors to control gate crashing failed. 
Sunday, when security guards tried to 

• keep order, the attackers replied by 
throwing rocks , breaking gym windows. 
The university police were also unable to 
control the situation _ 

Inspector Connally of the San Diego 
Police Department admitted that his men 
committed several regrettable errors . 
Initially, they dispersed the crowd south 
towards Revelle , rather than north and 
west, towards the athletic field where 
damage to the university was less likely. 
Chief Torrens of the unicops said that this 
would have been acceptable had they 
simply kept the crowd out of the gym 
area . 

Unfortunately, the city police made the 
second error of pursuing the crowd and 
corralling it in the dormitory area where 
dorm students, unaware of what had 
happened, joined the crowd and taunted 
the police from the windows of Argo and 
Blake . Finally, Vice-Chancellor Murphy 
was able to convince the police to leave, 
and the trouble subsided. 

What other possibilities exist for UCSD 
concerts? UCSD has no facility other 
than the gym for holding such a concert i 
when it does, more efficient methods of 
controlling crowds should be used . 

Sponsoring big -name groups on campus 
is financially impossible without inviting 
the outside community . The campus 
seems to be faced with the prospect of 
eliminating large rock concerts in the 
future . 

Vice -Chancellor Murphy has said that 
Sunday's incident has provided a "test 
case" to initiate negotiations with the 
police to arrange proper tactics in case of 
future needs . However, it is apparent that 
no amount of discussions can predict 
what actually will happen in the future. 
On -the-spot decisions cannot be made 
with consultation, and it is always 
possible that an individual policeman 
coul d screw up. 

The jury has still not turned in its 
verdict on rock concerts at UCSD. Every 
effort should be made to facilitate this 
type of entertainment, but certainly we 
want to avoid creating explosive 
situations on campus . Among questions 
that must be considered for future con -
certs are ticket prices, extent of ad-
vertising, method of security enforce-
ment, and the like. 

But Sunday's Santana concert brought 
a far more important issue to light than 
the concert itself . The days are gone 
when UCSD was the quiet little campus 
on the La Jolla cliffs . The occasions when 
the administration considers calling the 
police will only become more numerous. 
It is imperative that we immediately 
develop policy in this area . Although 
there is no precedent for making "deals" 
with the pol ice, all avenues must be 
explored for enabling San Diego police to 
be under local control if they are called. 
Failing this, the university's security 
force must develop the means for dealing 
with the problems of the campus. 

But the best method is always a 
preventative one. The university ad-
ministration and the Associated Students 
will have to make sure that conditions are 
not created that make for explosive 
situations that really benefit no one. 

Don't Let Stull Use Youll 
Assembl yman John Stull is a lot 

smarter than you may think, and he's 
coming to UCSD to use you . 

We all realize that John Stull is no 
benefactor of the university, right? Last 
spring he called for the firing of both 
Marcuse and McGi II, and he has con -
sistently led the forces of reaction into 
battle against the University. So what we 
should do tonight is come out and off the 
pig. Right? 

Wrong . That's exactly what he wants to 
happen. Reliable sources have it that 
Stull has al ready set up a press confer -
ence to immediately follow his ap· 

pearance here, antiCipating that an ugly 
incident will occur. He will then proceed 
to denounce the University com munity 
for intellectual hypocrisy; the perfect 
election year scenario. 

If you really think about it, assaulting 
Stull would give him a legitimacy he 
doesn't deserve. Having Stull on campus 
can only be an educational exper ience for 
the campus community . The greatest 
political enlightenment is to know what 
you're up against. If Stull is prevented 
from speaking this will not happen. Any 
intellectual barrage of questions 
following his remarks is, of course, fair 
game . 

Underlying Issues Ignored at UCSB 
Riots don t just happen . Despi te the 

fact that an increasing number of pcoplp 
are prone to .Jse violence as a first resort, 
no mass action, such as occurred last 
week at UC Santa Barbara, is possible 
without a tU/1damental basis of grie -
vances and rustration on the part of the 
general student population. 

Yet, as is normally the case in 
disturbances such as this, the real issues 
have become lost in the reaction that has 
followed. The commercial press didn't go 
any deeper than merely attributing the 
riots to Kunstler's appearance on 
campus. Governor Reagan has again 
seized an opportunity to further his 
political aims. 
PI.e 8 Triton Tines Mirth 5, 1970 

The fact of the matter is that students 
at Santa Barbara have been in a 
generally bitter mood for quite some time 
now . The chief grievances have come 
from the community of Isla Vista, the 
major site of off ·campus housing . This 
area has come to have all the character · 
istics of a ghetto: high rent, poor pkeep, 
lack of mobility to other areas; and, 
increasingly of late, unusually stri ct 

police surveillance and interference. 
In addition, there was the recent Bill 

Allen case in which the administration 
chose to ignore a petition Signed by 7,776 
students asking for an open hearing for 
the popular (former) professor of anthro· 
pology . 

Con 'd on PI,. 10. 

MAN 
DEMONSTRATING HIS 
SUPERIORITY OVER 

ANIMALS. 

DIMENSION Distorts AS Role 
by Jeff Benjamin, President ASUCSD 

After reading the "Scholia" colwnn in this week's 
DIMENSION I felt compelled to make clear the role of 
students in the selection of the new chancellor. At the 
outset it must be emphasized that the students serving on 
the committee will be selected by the President of the 
University, not by anyone else . He will choose from lists 
submitted to him by the AS and by the graduate students. 

After consultation with the President and the ap-
propriate members of the San Diego Academic Senate it 
was decided that there would be three student members 
on the search committee. In proportion to the student 
population, there will be two undergraduates and one 
graduate. With this number there will certainly be groups 
and opinions left out; however, there will be a con-
siderable number of faculty interest groups 
unrepresented on the committee itself. 

For this reason the AS had decided to form a parallel 
student search committee, long before Mr. Keating of-
fered his suggestion . This committee has obtained in-
formation on possible candidates and suggested criteria 
which the new chancellor should meet. 

It is the nature of these committees that they decide 
whether to be public or not. If the membership decides to 
remain secret there will probably be one student who is 
known and through whom the parallel committee can 
funnel its input. In any case, there will be no student input, 
from whatever source, that will not be fully represented to 
the search committee. 

The charges that the AS is not representative of the 
undergraduate students at UCSD are plainly false. The 
election last spring had 40 per cent participation by the 
undergraduates in the vote for president and over 60 per 
cent of the entire student body in some votes. The make-
up of the Senate is quite proportional to the present 
political make·up of the campus. If the staff of DIMEN-
SION were to attend our weekly meetings they would 
readily see the vacuity of their allegations. 

In the near future, as part of the task of its 
reorganization committee, the AS will hold hearings on its 
future structure and its place in student government at 
UCSD. This committee has worked with the college 
governments during this quarter and is prepared to make 
suggestions amounting to major revision of the AS. 

uc .. A Willing Accomplice In the War 
by Byron King, SOS 

The prospects for the United States disengaging 
militarily from Asia are dim. The war in Vienam is far 
from being over, and another war is brewing in Laos. 
Henry Ford II made a clear statement concerning the 
question of "national interest" involved in Asia . In a 
speech at the Harvard Business School last December, he 
talked of plans to move Ford plants to Asia because : "In 
South Korea, Taiwan, and Indonesia, we see an attractive 
supply of cheap labor. In South Korea, especially, we 
might have the ingredients for an operation that could 
build cars for export to a number of neighboring coun-
tries . " 

As long as U .~ corporations consider Asia a lucrative 
place for invesl nents, it is impossible for the U.S. 
Government to take a passive role in political events in 
Asia, the "national interest" (corporate investment) is 
too great. 

The universities in America have played a major role in 
helping to make Asia "secure," The social and physical 
sciences have both helped out. One of the better-known 
activities was the organization of the security forces for 
the Diem regime by a team of academics from the 
University of Michigan. Another example is that of a 
professor from Scripps who went to Vietnam a few years 
ago to help in the dredging of a South Vietnamese harbor 
to accomodate U.S. ships. 

The University oC california is especially important for 
its work on atomic weapons. An article in West magazine 
(March I, 1970) explains that one~ighth of UC's budget 

goes to the design of weapons, and that UC has designed 80 
per cent of the nation's nuclear weapons. The main work 
is done at two labs, Livermore and Los Alamos, while the 
university also runs a weapons test center in Nevada . 
Herbert York , UCSD's first chancellor , was the first 
director at Livermore. 

These labs are connected mainly to the Berkeley 
campus and are of only incidental importance to UCSD 
(Profs . Bearden, Brueckner, Bradner, Mayer, and York 
used to work at the labs). Being very cautious about 
classified research at UCSD, the good professors moved 
most of the work to the NEL (Naval Electronics 
Laboratory ) facility in Point Lorna . Most work appears to 
deal with problems of sonar techniques, reconnaissance, 
and nuclear blast effects . One can only speculate as to 
what other work goes on there, given the presence of such 
nationally-known weapons men as Profs. York , Penner, 
and Brueckner. 

. When we speak of opposition to the war in Vietnam, it is 
Important for us to also look at the activities of our own 
~i~ersity in supp?rti~g that war and augmenting U.S. 
mlhtary power which IS used as a club over Third World 
countries. On this campus, NEL provides the facilities for 
su~h work. Some of u~ in SOS feel that it is important to 
bUlld for a demonstration against the NEL recruiter April 

~4, as a me~nsto directly attack one of the many agencies 
Involved With the war. There will be a planning meeting 
Wednesday, March 11 at 7;30 p.m . in lower Blake. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Employee Defends 
Hi·Continenta' Co 
As a student and employee of 

Hi-Continental , I would like to 
make a few points in their 
defense. One of the major issues 
in this campaign is low wages 
and the use of "student slavery" 
to hold full-time wages down. I 
counter with a simple question. 
Since "low" is relative, where 
can students or full-time workers 
earn better salaries off-eampus? 
No full-time worker I know has 
not bettered his position by 
coming here. One cook at Muir 
stated that he bettered a union 
job by coming here. If the 
vacations cause that great a 
financial strain, why should 
employees leave year-round full-
time jobs to come here? In ad-
dition to their regular pay , 
workers are eligible for unem· 
ployment during school 
vacations. It is my belief that 
accusations should be proven 
valid before they are brought to 
bear on anyone. While it is not 
undesirable to seek changes. one 
should be careful to select valid 
ones. Change for the sake of 
change alone is not necessarily 
desirable. 

Del Monte can be held respon-
sible for the actions of specific 
individuals in their employ. 

Before any charges are 
leveled, it is desirable to in-
vestigate both sides. How many 
students are aware that Hi-
Continental's profits are limited 
by their contract to less than 3 
per cent? This comes to ap-
prOximately 42 cents out of every 
$14.00 the students spend. Why 
then, should they exploit their 
workers to obtain more profits? 
If exploitation exists, it is the 
students who are exploiting the 
workers . Students pay low prices 
for food when compared to other 
resturant prices and Hi-
Continental is not making a large 
profit on this food. At Christmas 
last year, Hi-Continental mat-
ched students dollar for dollar in 
canned goods, turkeys, etc. for 
the Salvation Army. At present 
they are selling food to students 
collecting " funny money" for 
Delano strikers at what is close to 
wholesale costs. 

I have not been saying that the 
students are wrong or that John 
Lapetina is a saint. Rather, we 
desperately need communication 
without resentment or 
belligerence in order to make the 
changes we feel this society 
needs. I believe there is a path 
somewhere between anarchism 
and apathy, one which is founded 
on intelligence and reason. 

CatbyBroWD 
Hi-Continental employee 

Biochemistry 

Death of a Mind 
Editor; 

on campus playing his guitar and 
singing to anyone who would 
listen. Today he is in a state 
mental institution. He is twenty 
years old and was a student at the 
University of California, Santa 
Cruz, for two years. Danny is a 
schizophrenic and he can be 
helped, but his parents don't have 
the time or ~e desire to help him. 
He has been declared legally 
insane by voices that listen to 
wealth and power. 

His only offense was in trying 
to be free, and now he may never 
be free again. 

Joyce Lane 

views cannot in all honesty be 
considered a clique : from Lenny 
Bourin to Bruce Morden (who 
writes for DIMENSION ), from 
Tom Peifer to Steve Ishmael, 
from Cindy Nielsen to Paul 
Kaufman, and including Jim 
Magill and myself. 

Surely this "clique " has not 
recognized itself as such. The 
Senate has more varied views 
than any other student 
organization on campus and is 
more representative than either 
Revelle or Muir college govern-
ments could hope to be. The 
cor'ltention which is made that the 

Everyone is aware of the new 
rulings on "long hairs." Not 
everyone is aware of the reasons 
behind them. John Lapetina 
received more complaints last 
quarter than ever before about 
hair in the food. Formerly " long 
hairs" were allowed to work only 
in the dish room Or in the pot 
room where they did not come in 
contact with food. But in case of 
absenteeism, they could not be 
called on to replace food workers. 
This in itself resulted in un· 
derstaffing. 

He sits on the wet sand, and 
carries his guitar to the sea, 
rhyming his songs to humanity. 
People gather round, to listen and 
to understand. The sun beats 
down upon his face. Beneath his 
eyes colors flash and disappear. 
The sun sinks low on the horizon 
and clouds block the light. He 
opens his eyes to the barren walls 
of a cell. Mechanical ghosts 
shape his fate with their knives. A 
veil of ether frops upon his face 
and all is darkness. His body 
awakens to the complacent smile 
of a nurse. His mind is severed. 

"Hey Joe, our unit's being withdrawn!" 
It seems to me that many valid 

points in Hi-Continental's favor 
have been ignored. I question 
whether all these matters, now so 
controversial were brought to the 
attention of John Lapetina at a 
time when he could discuss them. 
I have always found him quite 
willing to discuss problems , 
although ~e is a very busy man. 
Too often he is blamed for the 
actions of those in his employ or 
for the policies of his en:.ployers. 
Neither John Lapetina, Hi-
Continental. Service Systems, or 

Lobotomy. 
He no longer fears, he no longer 

loves, he no longer cares. He no 
longer lives. He conforms. 

Several weeks ago Danny was 

Dimension Stand 
on A.S. is fa'se 
Editor : 

I read with great amusement 
the article in the latest issue of 
DIMENSION about the chan· 
cellor's search committee. The 
AS Senate was accused of being a 
clique and thereby 
unrepresentative . Any student 
government with such diversified 

Senate has a record of 
"sustaining actions which do not 
parallel the wishes of the 
majority of the students" has no 
basis in fact and no effort was 
made to substantiate the 
allegation. 

DIME SIO ' has never been 
present at a Senate meeting this 
year. I believe Mr. Keating still 
bears a grudge against us from 
when his ill-worded resolution, 
which he presented to us at the 

CONTINUED 0 PAGE 10 

What the Hen Went Wrong? 
by Jim White 

P.E. Dept. 
sma1l13O-pound youth was cornered by a I have heard students' comments con-
husky security guard. The guard took him cerning our government and its Credibility 
by the arm and led him to the eDt. The liap ; I don 't doubt this gap eDsts, but 1 
youngster threw an elbow and hit the of- truly question the credibility concerning 

Last Sunday night, March I, 1 was ficer . The officer told him, "Don't try that the continuous cries of police brutality. I 
working in the UCSD gymnasium. again," and the student said, "f- - - you can only write about what I saw within a ::~: Although my office is some distance from pig." The guard closed the door. I told the limited area in and outside the gymnasiwn ::: 

'.' the gym, the music from the concert was officer, "I don't see how you keep control." and during a limited 3-hour period, but I .'. .::~.:l;.:;:.:. =~:~t1:'~{E;;~ ~",E; ~\~t'dh" ""ld", '00 wont bo,k :~::~!'~E:.t1:E~ •. :~: ••. ~:' and help secure some of the doors around 1 felt tension mounting and thought I cruel and inhuman treatment. th b 'ldin could help by staying. 1 went to the parking 
:::: e w g because youngsters were lot to see if my car was locked and un- But how does this affect the students ::: 
. . breaking in. I had the only key, 1 knew the here at UCSD ? One answer could be that . 
:::: building, and 1 felt that I could be of help. damaged. In the adjacent lot several similar student involvements in radical- ::: 
:.:. As I ed d d d k h 11 th youngsters were picking up rocks, scrap .:. ::::.:.:::~:' ofspf~~~in;w=~:s:ardaa~d ~:~~ ~~~lih~~~~r:a~~~=tf~~c:~e:~ ::: !~~~~~~:at~;~~r:t~i;:~ia~~~~bl~: .:j ... ~.:j was pryed and finally ripped open. Seven that are now so obvious in this UniverSity. 

. I th 1 checking the car , [ went back into the young musIc overs ( ey ooked like high I can 't recall th passage of any chool 
- h 1 tud ts building, and moments later a rock : .. ':. sc 00 s en) appeared. To avoid a bond I'ssues I'n the last 30 months , and I 

d crashed into one of the plate glass doors at :.::. '::.-: security guar , I offered them another wouldn't doubt that the present one facI'ng 
th . the entrance of the gym. I saw them .::.::".::. ::: door for elf escape. As they went out, I escorted to the nearest eDt in a manner the San Diego corrununity will also be 

'.':.:. . asked them how they got in the door and defeated. The radicals, by their 
more gentle than I would have been in- . 

::.: one said, "the door was open ." One of the clined to use. 1 heard obscenities and destruction have d recUy or indirectly :.:: .. : 
'.' boys had a tire iron up his sleeve. I asked caused the e tabllshment of tuition in th 
. . h th didn 't d . k screams of police brutality. The truth was :.::. :.~:.' w y ey pay an get a tlc et, and that I saw only student brutality, student State schools. Al 0, they are indirectly 
.: .... : they said, "We never pay, man, we always responsible for sUP:'Jressive legislation ::: 

b t ' " h ed th harrassment of police, student us m. I s ow em the exit and they now being considered which will probably :.::_ 
.'. I f th provocation and agitation. Befor the 
::: e t. I saw em a little later breaking pass, not oilly ill ~lUVlllJlI, lJuL on a::: 
::: through another door. This time a security night was over, the front glass doors were national level. :.:: 
::: guard ushered them out- without touching nearly all shattered, nearly every door The things affect tudents boorp at :.:: 
::: them-and as they left, they turned to him, was damaged and the gymnasium looked U O. Ther must come a time when '.: 
.. ' faced him squarely, and cursed ob- like a battle zone. Damage from $2,000 - responsible students, faculty and staff .'-
:.:: scenities. One yelled, " police $3,000 was committed, two security peak out in protest against the radical; ::;: 

b 1· guards were injured, and several arrests :, .. ; :.':.':.' ruta Ity" ... " You , mother f- - - - - - - d . I d structiv jacka at thi University. 
pig." Another yelled, "Run, the pigs are were rna e mc uding two UCSD students. And, it is also tim for each one to open his ::: 

::: beating the people," a few minutes later, a WHAT THE HELL WENT WRONG ? mind and di rn between fact and fiction. :;: ~~~:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. : .. :.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.: .:.:.:.:.~:~ 



MORE LErJERS 
CONTINUED FROM pAGE 9 

time 01 the Berkeley rJots, was 
ovenrbelmingly voted down. I 
can only agree with the wording 
01 DIMENSION's statement: "In 
taking editorial positions D~NSION is not representm8 
the VIews of the university, the 
student government, or the 
student body as a whole." 

MarkElsoa 
Muir Seoator 

.... ture Adiols ' 
at Concert 
Editor: 

We would like to make it known 
that the inunature actions of a 
few asses at the Santana concert 
do not represent the majority of 
young. people today. These 

h~tes demand peace and 
nonVlol~nce from society and yet 
they believe that their wishes can 
best be m~t by breaking windows 
an~ thro~mg glass at policemen. 
ThiS display of moral in-
sensibility naturally antagonizes 
the "establishment." And little 
won~er why ! Peace will never be 
attamed on a national level if it 
cannot be realized at a college 
concert. MicheUe Freier 

Susan Holtby 

Watson's C'aims 
Seem Ludiaous 
Editor : 

1 was quite surprised to read 
(TI, Feb. 20) of Dr. Watson 's 
attempt to confuse the issue 
concerning the policies of the 
Student Health Service on 

ceut,l~us by claiming that op· 
~sltlon to his continuing as 
Director of Health Services was a 
result of his political beliefs. I 
feel that this tactic is a deliberate 
attempt to introduce into this 
controversy arguments that are 
irrelevant. 

It is no secret (and I am sure 
that Dr. Watson is aware ) that 

~e st?d~nts at UCSD are very 
dissatisfied with the services 
rendered (or not rendered, as the 
case may be ) by the Student 
Health Center. Those of us who 
have had contact with this 
facility will agree with the 
statement by Dean Murphy "that 
'everyone knows ' how poor the 
reputation of the Student Health 
Center is among students .. . " I 
feel that it should be brought to 
the attention of those who have 
had no contact with the Health 

Cent~r (especially the faculty ) 
that, m fact , this opinion is widely 
held, and that this opinion is 
based on an evaluation of the 
services and not on an evaluation 
of the political beliefs of the staff 
of the Health Center . 

Will ViiI. La Joll. 
Serre UCSD? 
Editor, 

1 am not satisfied with the 
reasoning that pennits a private 
developer to place a So<alled 
"Villa La Jolla" (a 150 million-
dollar development) a few 
hundred f~t from the campus, 
and call It a "solution to the 
living, working, cultural needs of 
a university community" (LA 
JOLLA LIGHT, Nov. 13). He 
talks in the TRITON TIMES 
about inexpensive housing over 
store-fronts, a footbridge to the 
campus, bookstores and theaters. 
But he informs the LA JOLLA 
LIGHT of plans for a "Specialty 
Town and Country Center" and a 
large "office-professional area" 
(whose needs are these?). 

Not only are the plans made 
public after they have passed the 
La Jolla town council, but the 
development of the land is to be 

be~un around the first of the year 
(this year) . One can be quite sure 
that the student housing 
bookstore, theaters, and foot: 
bridge will not be first to appear 
on the scarred earth between 

Gi~an and La Jolla Village 
drives. More likely it will be the 
usually high-rent La Jolla 
pretentiousness. In any case, our 
dreams for creative land use 
would go far beyond footbridges 
and bookstores. 

We have been had again by the 
':comr:tercial rape," only this 
time It seems to point to the 
univ~rsity as critically negligent. 
~or If the university sphere of 
I~~uence c~nnot help to provide a 
livmg-working community at its 
doorstep, but rather helps 

r'n'Wfi:e·r1":·"<D=cie:s~'i]femBegrn?&"";1 
@ by Michael Soule', Asst. Prof. of Biology :~~~ 
:::: I was very happy to see the hwnan essences (if such exist) :.:. 
:::: beginnings of a dialogue on just as there was no non: Secondly, it · is a common :::: 
:::: abortion in the TRITON TIMES. b' misconc~ption that the most :::: 
:::: ~. ~ills, in his attack on abor- :;h~:~~;:u:":re r:n~t popul~ birth control agents used :::: 
:::: tion, has raised an issue that 'All stable societies have ~ypre~entconceptiOll, as Mr. :::: 
:::: more than ever deserves the ' Sills ~plies. It is now thought :::: 
'.' :'.': enlightened attention of all practiced abortion, infanticide or ~t pills .and IUD's prevent the .::.:: 

other means of population con- lantati 
:::: mankind. But such a dialogue trol, inevitably preventing the unP. on of the embryo in the :::: 
:::: should be founded on facts and ute~l.ne . wall. Conception or :::: 
:::: compassion, not on half-truths oc:rrence or destroying the fertilization ~ past history by:::: 
:::: and fundamentalist morality. pr ucts of biologically "unique" !hen. Does thu- out these methods :::: 
:::: Is abortion murder? A popular ev~nts. So it is demagoguery to m ~ same category as the "foul :::: 
:::: definition of murder might be the ~e ~ ::~ !o!~~ deVIce of abortion?" :::: 
;::: voluntary socially-unsanctioned with concentration camps and ::: 
:::: taking of a hwnan life. (The genocide. Buf if we wish to in- ::: 
:::: qualifications are necessary to dulge in ethical relativism 1 ::: 
:::. exclud~ ~cts of violence condoned prefer abortion to religiou'sIy To ask " Is AllOrtion Liberal?" :~: 
:::: ~y political g~oups. ). But when sanctioned mental retardation is polemical. A proper rejoinder ::: 
:::: ~s hwnan life begm? Is the and starvation of millions of might be which is most coercive ::: ~:~. uniqueness of }he in~ividual children each year. Hitler's ef- abortion or compulsor' ::: 
::: c.r~at~ ~t ~ . lDS~t of fer- ficacy pales next to the Vatican's. pregnancy, unwanted moles~ :::' 
:::. tilizatlon. This IS arbitrary. Each children, unwed' mothers ::: 
::: ~~rm. and ~gg may be as Two other errors occur in the malnutrition ignorance sociai ::: 
::: lologlcally unlq~e as the zygote. last paragraph of Mr. Sills ' ar- unrest and l~bensrawn ~ars? ::: 
:'.': Furt.hermore, In the proper . :;: ticle. It is simplv incorrect that 
::: enVironment unfertilized the birth rate Or the U.S. has :;: 
::: mammal eggs can be induced to fill ' :.: 
::: develop into adults. Must we a en 70 per cent since 1959. In . w?uld like to see ~ ::: 
::: therefore conclude that each noe- 1959 the U.S. birth rate was 24 per disWhcusslon lead to some action. ::: 
;:: turnal emission and each men- 1000. Today, at 18 'ler 1000 it is en are students goi~g to insist ::: 
:::. struation are murderous acts? still higher than before World that th~ Health Service (which ::: 
:::. The point is that there is no non~ War II. This is a drop from 2.4 per they fll~ance) . substitute a::: 
:::' arbitrary instant when cells cent to 1.8 per cent, ?r 0.6 ~r therapeutic abortIOn packa~e for ;:: 
:::. become infused with'" " ~ent. B~ the way, the bJrth rate IS the present $100 delivery::: 
:::: .. .... _.... unique increasing again. package? ::: 
.... ~:~;~~::.;~::.:;;.;:~.~~.:.~~~:.:~~~:~:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::.:.:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::} 

busmessmen, then it is obvious to PolitiCians Co t E , ~~~~tn I ;~r~O~sgeer ~~~~e t~~~ -Op co ogy 
particular university. Here is a 
~iversity, after all, that has 
fall~ to see that there is only one 
pOSSible justification nowadays 
for an assault on the land and 
that .is that its use must ha;e the 
digmty and fruitfulness of the 
original open space. 

Daniel Goode 
Graduate Student 

by Redge Martin 
. ;~e new "i~" thing ~o hit the campuses across the nation is interest 
In e salvagl~g a~d Improvement of our environment. All concern 
about ~e war m VIetnam, the racial problem, and other foreign and 

do~estlc Ills seems to be pre-empted by the great concern for the 
~nvlronment. There are t":o prob~ems I see stemming from this . One 
IS that the government Will contmue to increase its idiotic policies 
because ~tudents have directed their concern elsewhere. The other 
pro.blem IS that people ~re just talking about ecology without reall 
trying to stop the pollutIOn of our environment that is occurring rig~ 
now. 

EDITOR·IN·CHtEF 
Steve Landau 

ASSOCIATE MANAGING 
EDITOR 

WRITtNG STAFF 
Rlloul Contreras 
Lorraine Evernham 
Aileen H ietanen 
Kathy Janssen 
Owen Joyner 

~ilcon and Reagan must have jumped for joy when they discovered 
an ISSU~ that could lure away the students' interest from the war and 
dO":lestlc problems. In fact, they even came out for ecology and 

~ralsed the students: concer~. Now, because of student apathy in other 
flelds:,they can, ~ontmue their evil policies almost unhindered, except 
from radicals who ~re now small enough to be jailed or shot. 

NEWS EDtTOR 
Roger Showley 

MANAGING EDITOR 
Haywood Gammon 

Mike Klayer 
ASSOC. NEWS EDITOR 
Paul Emus 
ASSOCtATE COpy 
EDITOR 
Joe Eastern 

Jim Magil l 

COpy EDITOR 
RESEARCH DIRECTOR 
Joel Goodman 

Bob Schwartz 
Barbara Schweit 
Molly Selvin 
Jay Sherman 

Although everyone I~ concerned with the ecology problem, few have 
a~y Idea how to solve It. Contrary to the liberals ' notion that arguing 
With a General ~oto.rs rep~esentative or writing to a senator about the 
Santa Barbara ?Il slicks Will do the job, it's not that easy. Although car 
makers are gomg all out to develop a smogless car they and man 
other large corporatio~s ar~ still messing up the envU:onment in man~ 
other ways, such as .dlsposmg of their wastes into the air and water 
and are ~rpetratmg such marketing tricks as "planned ob: 
solescence to create an .even bigger garbage problem. 

Chuct.. C"aham 

ADVERTISING --
Chelll Wakefield 

FEATURE EDtTOR 

ARTS EDtTOR 
Bill Alaog lu 

SPORTS EDITOR 
Steve Dorsch 

PHOTO EDITOR 
Mark Trill ing 

GRAPHIC ARTIST 
Rob Cohen 
PRODUCTION STAFF 
Kim Alexander 
Karen Glick 
Holly Hanes 
Mike Klayer 
Beth Lyons 
Mary Miller 
Judy Hiti 

ARTS WRITERS 
Jeff Fried 
Larry Johnson 
Paul Hamburg 
John Moore 

Jim Sills 
Ray Seavers 
Dave Stellrns 
Sam Wilson 
Carl Neiburger 

PHOTOGRAPHY STAFF 
Mark Heinich 
JOhn Klllka 
Ga i l Levine 
Vince Massulo 
Ken Taniguch i 
Dave Wallace 
Clark Wilson 
Gary Wyalf 

People should get off theJr apathetic asses and get moving to protest 
~nd help .sol~e the ~roblems that are plaguing us. They should et 
Involved m discovering the causes of, and workable solutions to rhe 
probllems of the war , academic freedom, racism and especially 
eco ogy. ' 

Possibly we, the students of 
UCSD, have not been vocal 
enough about our demands for an 
adequate Student Health Service !f this is so ( I don 't believe that it 
IS - remember last year's fight Th TR by women students to gain elTON TIMES is offic ially recogn ized and supported as a 

£XOTIC 

" IMPORTS 
adequate gynecological treat- ~tuld:n t newspaper. by the Communicat ions Board 01 the Un iversity 01 

a I ornl8. San Diego. Bu ilding 250 Matth C 
ment on campus ), we do Dr . C I I ' ews ampus, La JOlla W t a I orn la, 92037. In tak ing ed itor ial positions, the TRITON TIMES i ~ 

a S?n a . great disservice by not represenl ing the views ot the Un ivers ity. the student govern me t 
allOWIng hun to b ~lieve that the or the sl d n . u ent bOdy as a whole . Omciel TRITON TIMES editor i ; 
Health Center is functioning opinion IS expressed onl y in those columns on the ed ilor ial a 
adequately and that we are speC ifica ll y designated for those purposes. The TRITON TI~a:~ 
happy with the tr<!atment. Publ iShes weekl y on Fr idays dur ing the academ' h I 

P t J O
Ed tor'al dB '· IC sc 00 year 

e er . ean I I an uS lness offices are loca ted in Room 117 BI k . 
Psychology Reve lle Ca mp us. Phone 4532000. ext . 101 6 or 10 17 . ' a e Hall , 

Santa Barbara, Continued 
The actual rioting at Santa Barbara 

s tarted befor ~ the speech of Chicago 
Seven Defeme Attorney William Kun · 
s!ler, fol~owi 19 police arrests of Isla 
Vista res.lden s. Certainly the Chicago 

~even t:lal and Kunstler's appearance 
:lId nothing to dispel! the ugly mood on 

~ampus, but to blame the riots on it is 
'ilmply a gigantic cop·out. A handful of 
people could set the Bank of America on 
li~e, but it takes thousands to prevent the 
ftremen from coming to put jt out. 

We are not condoning the burning of the 
bank or the other wanton acts of 
destruction . But on the other hand, let's 

hi' 10 Tribm Tilt .. MlrdI.o 1170 

realize t~at what happened at Santa 
Barbara IS only possible when stud ents 
feel su~h an overwhelming sense of impo· 
tence In :egard to the ir own lives. 

~he .klnd of in:rospection by the 
untverslty community that is necessary 
at U~SD will probably not be for -
thcom Ing . It's far easier to declare states 
of emergency and call in the National 
Guard . 

Santa Barbara used to be a place where 
parents would send their kids instead of 
Berkeley , because it was a nice "safe" 
school. Maybe now they'll have to send 
them to Chico State . But where will they 
go after that? 

"IN" Tb, 
."op wit" "WAY 
GROOVY DECORA TIONS! 

For WALL - FLOOR - TABLE - PATIO - DORM 
~ 

HUGE WAREHOUSE -
CRAMMED TO THE RAFTERS 

~ . 

COMf fN-rODA YI 
IT'S "SOUL SATISFYING" 

THE REAL THING! 
DOWNTOWN 

(warehouse location) 
903 "K" Street 
DaUy 10-5 Sunday 1-5 

OLD TOWN 
SQumOB SQUARE 
2611 San Diego Ave. 
DaUy U-5 Closed Tuesday 

.... 10% DIOCOUNT with UCSD student or staff ID card .... 

• 

\ Criticism-Cinema 

"rUE AltTI 
i . ism-Theat 

PreachingWith a Laugh 
Suffering 
Is Only A 
Technicality 

These two horses look just about finished . The rest keep on 
going. For the finish see "They Shoot Horses, Don't They?" 
II I the Catifornia Theater . 

By Jeff Fried 
Arts Writer 

What is a hwnan being that distin-
guishes it from other levels of life? SW'ely 
not any inborn talent for truth and beauty. 
What drives us to seek out the macabre, 
the distorted, the sufferings of others? 
Undoubtedly not the quality of compassion 
nor to give comfort. What led me to watch 
"They Shoot Horses, Don't They?" Many 
times, as the film progressed, I asked 
mvself that Question: why am I here? Why 
am I watching this cornucopia of human 
suffering? 

"They Shoot Horses, Don 't They?" is 
truly an excellent motion picture ; the 
acting is superb, the photography is out-
standing, the direction is almost faultless , 
in toto a fantastic cinematic achievement. 
Yet with all the foregoing in mind I still 
ask myself, why did I see the film ? 

At this point I feel that a recapitulation 
of the subject matter would help to clarify 
my question. "They Shoot Horses, Don't 
They?" tells the story of the marathon 
dance contests held in California dW'ing 
the depression. These dance contests were 
not events of skill, but of endurance ; the 
winners were the couples that could 
continuously dance for the longest period 
of time. 

The only concession made to the dancers 
was that they were allowed to rest for ten 
minutes every two hoW's. It was during 
these ten minutes that all non-dancing 
activity, with the exception of eating, took 
place . The couples had to eat while they 
were dancing. While this, at first glance, 
does not look especially arduous, it must 
be realized that the winners of these events 
usually had to stay on their feet for over 
1500 hours- dose to nine weeks-and there 
was no second prize ; it was winner take 
all. So this is what the film is about, the 
further brutalization of already beaten 
people. The theme of the picture is agony ; 
not agony for some noble heroic endeavor, 
but simple hwnan suffering and pain at the 
basest level. 

The people who entered these contests 
were not trained athletes primed for a 
contest of skill and stamina, but people of 
the depression on the very edge of 
existence, kicking and scratching to hang 
on. 

So it can be seen tJ:mt the film is not a 

portrait of one of the finer moments of the 
hwnan scene. This alone, however , does 
not answer the question of my revulsion, 
for I have seen other films of hwnanity at 
its lowest. What did disturb me, however , 
was the realization that no madmen were 
involved in this madness. The contestants 
were sane, the promoters were sane, the 
audience was sane, by the accepted 
standards. It is these standards that 
frightened and repulsed me, for I realized 
that these standards are still with us, this 
sane insanity is a dominant part of our 
national character, and that this standard 
of sanity is universally accepted. This is 
what disturbed me while watching this 
film, the realization that the very act of 
watching was a continuation of this 
national insanity, this preoccupation with 
violence and suffering. We are a nation 
that idolizes sex outwardly but inwardly is 
afraid of it. We are a nation that decries 
violence and suffering outwardly, but 
inwardly craves it. We are very, very sick, 
for violence and suffering have become 
our national substitute for sex, and we 
unfortunately are not alone ; we have 
much company. This is what disturbed me 
about "They Shoot Horses, Don't They? "; 
the fact that the picture was made, the fact 
that the producers knew that a well-made 
product concerning suffering would at-
tract audiences. 

So Kudos go to Jane Fonda, Michael 
Serazan, Red Buttons, Susannah York and 
Gig Young for their superb acting. Praise 
is in order for the director, the script 
writers, in fact for all concerned with the 
production. It is only for us, the viewers, 
that no praise is in order. Only let"us stand 
back and look at ourselves for what we 
really are. 

The common explanation of the reasons 
that people go to films is that they use the 
films as a vehicle of escape. If you are 
looking for escape, "Horses" is not your 
meat. If you are looking for pain, suf-
fering , the thinness of the hwnan veneer , 
and the depths to which people can sink, 
"Horses" is for you. 

For all its talent and superb craft-
smanship, "They Shoot Horses, Don 't 
They?" has one major fault : its reality. 

''Horses '' is at the California Theater 
and the Campus Drive-in for an extended 
run . 

s. HUROK presents 
rite Great Soviet violinist 
David 

OISTRAK~ 
TUES., MARCH 10-8:30 P.M. 
CIVIC THEATRE 

" DAVID DISIIAKH IS ON! OF THE GREAT MUSICAL flGURII 
Of THI ([NTURY •• • AN tNCOMPAUIU ARTIST." 
PROGRAM: 
50nalo No. in G Major .. • •. . .. ..•.... .. . .. . . 6 EETI'C. ' Ell 
Fantasy in C MajClr .. . ... ............ . .. . .. •. ... . SCHUH!:T 
Preludo and fugue in 0 Minor • .. .. .. ............. . Pr (· rl? 
Medilation 
Wa"x. 5che rxo ... •....•.. •• . • ... .. . .... TCHAII(C"~I ': 
four Hungarian Dancel . • . • . • . . . • . . . .. . . .. • . , . rrr r'f ,. ... 

CIVIC THEATRE BOX OFFICE 
3rd. B 51. - 236-6510 

ALL HIGHLANDER STORES, METRO AGENCIES Arm 
UCSD BOX OFfiCE IN URn HALL LOBBY 

$6.50 - $5.50 .. $4.50 .. $3.50 .. $2.50 

'Larry Johnson 
Arts Writer 

The generation gap is a subjec t of interest to all people. It is even of interest 
to college students, perhaps the one thing in which both they and their elders 
share an interes.t. Peter Ustinov's " Halfway ~p the Tree," now playing at the 
Globe Theater ID Balboa Park, addresses Itself to the matter through the 
medium of the three-act situation comedy. 

General Sir Mallalieu Fitzbutress returns to England from four years of 
fighting Reds in. Ma~aya, to find ~hat his children have gone hopelessly hippie. 
Rather than gomg mto catatomc shock, the blustering warrior tries to un-
derstand the new order - with considerable success. 

Sir Mallal ieu was successfully portrayed by the versatile John Ellsworth a 
skilled veteran of the local stage who can always be depended on for a str~ng 
performance. The general decides to drop out and turn on himself. At first this 
is to shame his children, but then he decides he likes it. Thi is hardly what his 
c hildren expect. 

His son, Robert, all hair, beads, and sandals, was convicingly characterized 
by Robert Hays. He even looked the part, and had a very convincing stage 

p~esence t~at ~ade him seem to belong in the role. The son was expecting to 
disagree With hIS father about values. Instead, the rather accepts his values 
and chews him out for not living up to them. Hoist on his own anti-hypocritical 
petard! 

Judy, the pregnant daughter who neither knows nor cares who got her into 
that peculiar condition, was well played by the attractive Kathe Finnis Argo. 
Her lively face made us believe in the part, and she was able to maintain a 
contributing role even in scenes where she was only secondarily involved. 

As the general drops further and further out, his children drop back in. By 
the end of the play, Fitzbuttress lives in a tree. Meanwhile his son looks like a 
junior executive and is making an honest woman of the pregnant Scandinavian 
(very Scandinavian) vad, while the daugher has managed to find a father for 
the young bastard. Philosophically, all this is resolved to the satisfaction of all 
the characters, if not the playgoers, with all (even the recruited father ) finding 
a position they can believe in and live with. 

The somewhat muddleheaded Lady Fitzbuttress was developed by Ellen 
Drexler. Although her Ladyship doesn' t quite know how to handle either her 
husband or her offspring, she's less muddleheaded than she appears, and has a 
secret of her own. Miss Drexler played the part very well, save that he 
sometimes detracted from the effect by overdoing the f1utteriness. Jennifer 
Henn as Helga, the pretty maid, had a flair for comedy. but the accent 
sometimes got in her way. 

Don Sparks was a standout in support as Basil, the father-elect for Judy' 
baby. He has good execution as a comedian, in the role of a rather odd young 
man. Sheila Madden was good in the brief role of Lesley, Robert's long haired, 
bass-voiced, folk-singing hippie mistress. If Ben Friedman was a little wooden 
as .the f~iend of the family , Jeff Larson wa very convincing as an extremely 
naive v icar. 

The play has some good laughs, and the cast carries it well. but the resolution 
doesn' t quite live up to the promising first act. Ustinov goes on to preach to u , 
rather than letting the situation tell us. Sermons tend to be dull , and detract 
from comedy. Furthermore, for my money the philosophy appears to be 
comewhat contradictory. But at any rate, the Globe players give us some good 
laughs on a contemporary subject. Good laugh are worth having. and good 
an wers are perhaps too much to ask. 

ON STAGE! NOW THriU MARCH 22 ONLYStudents$I.50 lXc. S~nite 

HALFWAY 
UP THE TREE 

Peter Ustinov' s sharp w it prOVides 
a refresh ing oullook . . 0 fOlher at · 
tempt. to "oul'drop" hi. drop·out 
children .. . offspring are shocked 
01 parental behovior. 

or Sp. Perf . 

" Ol" OO l1" . W.d . ' ~u , , !U" ' ''' '.1 phone 239 2255 ofter 
1J 00 " S1 so "ft ~'3 t h ., ) • noon 
" CO & I I SO So, "". .. or Central Box Office, 

'1~Shi , 'hf\" oll ' f " I I,.d lJ ,I . • ,t a t ( v. Lobby, r"y 4:!, 1, lTr~ 

oLb globe tbeatre 
bolboo pork 0" . toge 

Tri1Dn TiMs Mlrch 1,1170 PIlI n 



AF leA 
WILL SPEAK 
FOR ITSELF 

by Peter Olafioye 

(Editor's Note: The author, Peter Olafioye, Is a 
literature student at eSD. He attended school in Nigeria , 
where he met many modem African writers. ) 

To the West, Africa is the veldt, bwana, drums, dark 
bodies, witch doctors, the mysterious WlknOwn land. 
Several days ago a fellow student aked me where the 
"other Africa" was. "There is only one Africa," I ex-
plained. "and she is the only one in the history of man that 
continually earns the name " the Dark Continent." 

The accounts of both early missionaries and early 
colonial administrations completely misrepresent 
African ways of life, which were essentially strange to 
missionaries and administrators . Colonial "experts, " 
because of built-in prejudices, usually misjudged Africa. 
In 1923, for example, the British government asked the 
"Orms-by-Gore Commission" to probe the discontents of 
the Kikuyus, natives of what today is Kenya in East 
Africa . The commission concluded: "The African native 
is a child that should be led. by a pedagogue because he 
needs European guidance if fie is to succeed." The British 
believed that the African could mature only as he grew 
more European and less African . 

Modern foreign writers perpetuate the tradition of 
painting Africa ugly. Joyce Carry in his " Mr. Johnson " 
portrays the average igerian as an innocent savage 
under colonial spell. All of a sudden Elspeth Huxley 
became a discoverer of a remote corner of the world. He 
opened his novel "The Flame Tree of Thika" saying that 
he found in Africa "mountains and forests no one had 
mapped and tribes whose languages no one could Wl-
derstand ." Individuals who have visited Africa in recent 
times have brought home photographs of particular od-
dities to illuminate this crude image of Africa, unchanged 
from time immemorial. 

Above all, the television industry reinforces these 
prejudices so religiously that many see Africa, as in 
" Daktari," as a great aminal kingdom , with its uncouth 
natives living in the Stone Age. 

Beyond a Stone Age Image 

One should understand, then , the unbelief of some in any 
emergence of African history or African literature. With 
exposure, the West will come to appreciate the im-
portance of Africa's contribution to world culture, 
speaking not only from her past but also from her present. 

African literature can be categorized into two settings. 
There is a traditional literature, untainted with foreign 
nuances; its offshoot is modern African literature. The 
traditional literat lTe of Africa is mostly oral, living in the 
native festival. T1e festival is a grand caucus of artists 
ranging from pri( sts, dancers , chanters and folklorists to 
the masquerader>. This caucus is the conscience of the 
community. It h,lrmonizes social practices into lyrical 
dramas . (n thes{ philosophical chants , called Ijala in 
;-.iigeria. brave deeds are pralsea and Ildu"eOUe m ' sripp(\ 
denounced. The ~ rtist employs logic in his rhetorics, 
rousing the ima (ination of his audience with homely 
images. 

The accomplislJed artist is a celebrity but enjoys no 
special privileges in the commWlity. He is morally boWld 
to contribute to tte socIal life of the community, and does 
not constitute h.mself into a separate class. For in 
traditional Africa there are no class distinctions. People 
are primarIly mterested in the ingenuity of the artist 's 
creatIOns. 

The Artistic Sense 

Modern African literature is different because th 

P ... 12 Tritan Timn Mlrch 6, 1970 

writers do not want to remain anonymous - they have a 
class consciousness, a sense of being artists . They draw. 
their materials from traditional repertoires and they add 
their names in order to claim individual creation. Such a 
writer, in an African language, was the late D.O. 
Fagunwa of Nigeria, author of "Ogboju~e," who 
treated epic adventures in the custom of the Yorubas (a 
tribe in igeria), working with the folklore as any other 
African would write in English or French. 

A Ghanaian poet, Prof. Kofi Awoonor, visited the 
Literature Department of UCSD a year ago. He explained 
that most of his work betrays its traditional sources, as he 
often finds substantial inspiration in tradition. He tran-
slated a song-praise which eulogized the bravery of his 
great-grandfather in battles fought in Ghana. Part of the 
"Song of War" reads: 

I shall sleep in calico 
War has come upon the son of men 
And I shall sleep in calico 
Let the boys go forward, 
Kpli and his people should go forward 
Let the white man's guns boom 
We are marching forward 
We shall sleep in calico ... 
Where has it been heard before 
That a snake bi tes a child 
In front of its own mother ... 
The son of men shall fight it 
We are fighting them to die . 

This poem recalls history and teaches future generations 
the valor of their great-grandfathers. 

Another pertinent example of the role of author and 
traditional sources in modern African literature is the 
play "Song of a Goat" written by J.P. Clark of Nigeria. 
The play illuminates typical African values, stressing the 
significance of reliable family relationships, the desire for 
extensions of lineage, and the usage of proverbs as 
vehicles of ideas. 

Authentic and Integral 

How African a work of art becomes is determined by the 
" Africanness" of its content. Hence, in 1963 a conference 
on African artists in Dakar defined African literature as 
"any work in which an African setting is authentically 
handled, or to which experiences in Africa are integral." 

Most African literature is written today by Africans, in 
English and French . To the Africans, an African 
backgroWld to the works is most natural because they 
were raised in Africa. The background is most important 
because it is the factor which distinguishes the works as 
African. The impeccability of the foreign languages in 
which the works are written is therefore secondary. Prof. 
OJ. Nwoga of the University of Nigeria reinforces this 
truth , saying, " I would like to consider African literature 
as primarily African and secondarily English or French 
.. . Writing in any A f ric a n language is unequivocally 
African . Any emphasis on the language used is 
misplaced. " 

Principally, modern African literature is written in 
either African languages, English or French. The French 
African territories promoted the spirit of active writing in 
Africa, but the pioneers of the literary movement are the 
English-speaking lands of Africa. Thomas Mofolo of 
Basutoland ( Lesotho) was the first great modern African 
writer. At the beginning of this century he published his 
"Wanderer to the East," praising Christian endurance in 
Africa . He condemns paganism in his second novel 
"Chaka the Zul u," which is the first African historical 
novel. Mofolo made Chaka the " apoleon of the Zulu," 

who at~ined a mythical military ascendancy, but soon 
came to a bad end because of cruelty. The biography of 
Mofolo anticipates the history of ~o~ern . ~ric~n 
literature, which begins with Mofolo's faIth m ChrlstJam~y 
and . finally turns away, disappointed but not m 
resignation. Mofolo wrote of. his environm~nt in the art of 
traditional storytelling. It IS therefore hIS style rather 
than his Christian beliefs which elected him into world 
li terature. 

A Contemporary Con ern 

Mofolo and his movement went kaput , but his ideas did 
not die ; Wole Soyinka with his contemporaries a~riv~d in 
the mid-fifties. In an article entitled "The Writer m a 
Modern African State," written in 1967, Wole Soyinka 
articulated the responsibility of the modern African ar-
tist, saying, " l11e despair and anguish which is spreading 
a miasma over the continent must sooner or later engage 
the attention of the writer in his own society or else be 
boldly ignored ..... 

This overtone dominates his political play "Kongi's 
Harvest ," where the artist laughs at some political power 
plays in Africa. Similarly exiled South African writers 
bemoan the servitude of their people who are without 
immediate hope of salvation. Such plays of tragedy, 
written by Lewis Nkosi , are " Home in Exile" and "The 
Rhythm of Violence." 

A Reflection in Black 

A vital movement in African literature is Negritude. 
French African nations were assimilated into the colonial 
culture at the expense of their own cultures. The moment 
of awareness spurred the elite of French backgroWld to 
reject the obnox.ious Frenchification and assert their 
" Africanness." Distinct African temperaments are ex-
pressed; African beauties, humor, and ancient wisdom 
are stylized in masks. Such surrealist writings are found 
in the Penguin anthology, "Modern Poetry from Africa, " 
by Ulli Beier. 

Any mode of African literature today reflects some 
form of Negritude. For Negritude is the ethos responsible 
for black Africa's first authentic literary attitude. The 
mystique and its poetry have developed into a cultural 
philosophy which overthrows the officially-inspired 
assimilation. The subtle spirit of Negritude created 
African n ationallit~rature . 

Finally, African literature has gained ascendancy over 
other forms of literature in African Wliversities. We are 
not disenchanted with "Shakespeares" but we do not 
allow their influences to dominate any more. We are tired 
of the battle stories of Queen Victoria and the British 
Empire. We have our own history , literature and 
mathematics to develop to show Africa's distinct con-
tribution to world culture. Our universities turn out 
scholarly serials that should be of use to those who wish to 
know more. Such journals are : " African Affairs, " " Black 
Orpheus, " " Ibadan ," "Overseas Quarterly," " Presence 
Africaine, " "Universitas" (Ghana ), " West Africa ," 
"Odu," "Transition" and "West African Review ." 

These journals establish high standards of literary 
a ppreciation , transcending the chronic misin-
terpretations of African cultures evaluated under 
European standards. African culture, seen through 
African literature and criticism, will help to reveal the 
mysteries of Africa for American students , penetrating 
th clouds which up to now have enshrouded the " Con-
tinent of Mystery. " 

: 

POSSIBILITIES 
Heady Drama College students may purchase reserved tickets at $1.50 each to 

all performances except 
Saturday nights . Tickets are 
available at the Urey Hall Box 
Office between 10 and 4. 

Attention all campus 
songbirds, the San Diego Opera 
will hold auditions at 1: 30, March 
14th, in the Horace Mann JWlior 
High Auditorium. 

, 
This Friday and Saturday, and 

continuing on into the spring, the 
Mission Playhouse presents "Joe 
Egg." Those who enjoy Old Town 
will enjoy the imtimate at-
mosphere of the playhouse. . 

Japsnese Modernist 
Walter Herbert, the company's 

General Director, who will 
conduct the auditions , stated that 
they are open to the public and 
are for several solo Jftirts in the 
chorus. Promising singers are 
also being sought as Wlderstudies 
for the principal artists . Ad-
ditional information may be 
obtained from the companY's 
main office in Balboa Park. 

"Joe Egg" concerns a famil.y 
with a spastic child and thelT 
attempts to adjust to .the 
situation. This is a very seriOUS 
drama, and is not recommended 
(or the squeemish. Shows are at 
8:30 and ticket prices are $2.50. 
For reservations and more in-
formation , call 29:H;553. 

Andres Segoyia. world .famo~s 
master a' the Spanish gUItar , WIll 
appear in concert March 15 at the 
Civic Theater. 

Piano snd Trio 
Pianist Lee McCann and his 

trio will appear at 8:30 p.m . t~s 
Saturday in Sherwood Hall. ThIs 
appearance is in connection ~~ 
the Dimensions in Black exhibit 
currently showing at the La Jolla 
Museum of Art. Reserved seating 
is $3.00 for the general public, 
$2.25 for UCSD faculty and staff 
members, and $1.50 fo~ UCSD 
students. Tickets are aVaIlable at 
the Urey Hall box office. 

Russia 's Da vId Oistrakh, premier 
vio lin ist, will appear March 10 al the 
Civic Thealer . 

Osnce Slowly Dsnce 
.. An encounter betweenihree 
mis-matched individuals creates 
emotionally charged drama in 
"Slow Dance on the Killing 
Ground." The contemporary 
play, opening Thursday, is stag~d 
by Producing Director CraIg 
Noel at the Cassius Carter Centre 
Stage, adjacent to the Old Globe 
Theater in Balboa Park. Perfor-
mances will continue nightly 
through March 22. 

The action takes place late at 
night in a deserted candy store in 
a lonely warehouse district ~f 
Brooklyn . An elderly man IS 
taking inventory when a 
suspicious youth enters. A con-
frontation developes between the 
two men who are separated by 
age , race, and background. 

Pianist Yuji Takahashi, one of 
Japan's leading exponents of 
contemporary piano music, will 
appear in concert on March 14 
with members of the UCSD 
Department of Music , per-
forming works for solo piano and 
piano with chamber ensemble . 
Mr. Takahashi will play two 
works for solo piano : 
"Cangiante" by UCSD composer 
Niccolo Castiglioni , and his own 
work, " Metathese ." Mr . 
Takahashi will also join UCSD 
musicians in "Traces," and other 
works. The chamber concert will 
begin at 8:30 in the Matthews 
Campus Recital Hall . 

On Tap on Campus 
At the Coffee Hut, next Wed-

nesday, after all that cherry pie, 
the Hut Wlabashedly presents 
" Hold That Ghost ." This 
weekend on Friday and Saturday 
Doug McKee will perform. His 
COWltry and western style is one 
of the best in San Diego. On 
Saturday Ben Franklin will be an 
added bonus, as he and his 
partner sing in a style com-
parable to Joe and Eddie. 

The A.S. movies this Friday 
are " My Darling Cleme!ltine." 
and "Stagecoach." Showtime IS 
7:30 in USB 2622. 

Groovey events up-
coming - The Paul Gormeley 
Modern Jazz Quartet will per-
form next quarter in the Revelle 
Plaza. Look for signs around 
campus for exact day and time. 
This concert will be comparable 
to the Doc Watson and John Best 
performances. 

And"s S,govis 
Andres Segovia, world-famous 

master of the Spanish guitar, will 
appear in concert Sunday, March 
15 in the Civic Theatre at 3 p.m. 
a; a presentation of David 
Thompson , manager of !he 
In terna tional Artists Senes . 
Segovia , who single-~an~edly 
won for the guitar a distmgUlshed 
place in the world 's concert halls, 
comes to the United States from 
Europe for his annual tow:. 

For his program, SegOVIa has 
selected music by So, Bach, 
Villa Lobos, de Narvaez, Albeniz , 
Tarrega, Torroba and Granados. 

This year marks ~h~ 4~d 
anniversary of SegovIa s first 
tour of North America . Despite 
the increase in the number of 
concert guitarists - an increase 
largely traceable to the interest 
in the instrument engendered by 
Segovia's career - he continues 
to be regarded as the supreme 
master in his field . 

Tickets are available at the 
Urey Hall BOlt office between 10 
and 4. 

Cinematics-Unicorn 

Beginning March 4, through 
March 10, the Unicorn Theater 
will be featuring "The Rain 
People" and "The Organizer." 

Francis Ford Coppolla, who 
previously directed "You're a 
Big Boy Now" and "Finian's 
Rainbow," has again won critical 
acclaim with "The Rain People ." 

Robert Burr, Clebenl Ford and John 
Church, leading players in "Rose~: 
era nIl and Gu ildenslern Are Dead . 

The film was made in a Wlique 
fashion ; Coppolla, the actors, and 
the production crew headed out 
West in a convoy of eight 
vehicles, with a flexible script as 
a guide, letting real life shape the 
story. The story is one of a YOWlg 
pregnant wife, who leaves her 
husband behind in bed one 
morning, and heads out wes~ in 
her station wagon, seekmg 
escape from her husband; her 
personal inadequacies, and her 
fears of motherhood. She picks up 
a hitch hiker, a former college 
football player whose brain is 
damaged. The interaction bet-
ween the pregnant woman fleeing 
responsi bili ty, and .the helpless 
but demanding hitch hiker 
creates a poignant drama , 
pointing out some of the personal 
traumas of modern~ay living. 

"The Organizer, " directed by 
Mario Monicelli, tells of the 
revolt of textile workers in late-
nineteenth-century Turin. It is a 
gentle, human film of the realist 

5. HUROK prese nt s 
The Incomparable Guitarist 
Andres 

SEGOVIA 
SUN., MARCH 15 - 3:00 P.M. 

CIVIC THEATRE 
"There is only one Segovia ... in th is vi.o/ent ~ge 
th e qu iet incomparable voice of IllS gullar 
speaks of another and more beautiful world." 

Progrom includes music by SOR, .BACH , VILLA LOBOS, de 
NARVAEZ, ALBE NII , TARR EGA, TOnOIA and GRANADOS. 

CIVIC TH EATRE BOX OFFICE, 
3rd & B ST. - 236-6 510 

ALL HIGHLAN DER STORU, METRO AGENCIES, AND 
U(SD BOX OFF!U, UREY HAll l _________ $~5~.5~O~.4~.~SO~.3~.S~O~. 2~.S_O_.1_. 5_0 ________ ~ .) 

Pianisl Yuji Takahashi, one of Japan's le.ding exponenls a' c~nlemporarv 
music , will appe.r in concerl March 14 ,n the Mallhews Campus reCllal hal l. 

genre, evoking a great deal . of 
compassion and understanding 
for the plight of the worker in this 
period. 

, .. Are Desd Live 
A highlight of the theatrical 

season at the Civic Theatre will 
be the two-performance engage-
ment by a ew York touring 
company of the internationally-
acclaimed " Rosencrantz and 
Guildenstern Are Dead ," a 
jocular, modem reinterpretation 
of " Hamlet. " The play won both 
the New York Drama Critics 
Circle Award and the Tony 
Award as the Best Play of the 
1967-68 season. 

" Rosencrantz and Guilden-
stern" will be presented at the 
Civic Theatre Monday, March 9 
and again on Wednesday, March 
11. Both performances are at 8:30 
p.m. 

Tickets for " Rosencrantz and 
Guildenstern" are on sale at the 
Urey Hall box office between 10 
and 4. 

Go Fly Your ... 
Okay, sport fans , this is your 

big chance to get your kid into big 
league athletics. This Sunday the 
La Jolla Museum of Art is 
sponsoring a parent and child 
kite-making workshop from 2-4 
p.m. The Sculptor-in-Residence 
and the faculty of the children's 
art school will be on hand to 
provide instruction . There will be 
a one dollar charge to cover cost 
of materials for each child. 
Parents are encouraged to 
participate and will be admitted 
free . 

S. Nurok Presents 
David Oistrakh. the great 

Soviet violinist, will appear in 
concert at San Diego Civic 
Theatre on Tuesday , March 10, at 
8:30 p.m. It will be his first ap-
pearance ever in San Dieg? . One 
of today 's top-ranking mUSICIans, 
Mr. Oistrakh is presented in the 
U.S. by Sol Hurok Wlder the 
Culteral Exchange Program with 
the U.S.S.R. 

Tickets are available at the 
Urey Hall box office between ]0 
and 4. 

SPECIAL STUDENT PRlaSl 
On stage at the Civic Theatre 

(!~!!J}lqlJ!~!) 
1\..OSeNCRaNtz 

aNd GUlldeNsteRN 
.A~ Uead ~yTOM STOPPARD~ 

CIVIC THEATRE 
MON. MAR. 9 and WED. MAR. 11 

Each night at 8 :30 
TICKETS ON SALE NOW 

CIVIC THEATRE BOX OFFICE 
3rd ,. B St.-236-6510 

Ind .11 Highlander Stores, Melro Agenc ies 
end the UCSD Ticket Office ir1 UrBY HIli lobby . 

SPECI AL STU DENT PRlt:ES: 
SZ.50 for Ihy $5 .50, 4.50 or 3.50 Slit 
$1.50 for eny b.lcony selt 

What People Have Said About This Play: 
"Very runny, very brilliant...A superb play •.. a joy to watch ... 
opens worlds of art, life and death---a window onto coruscat-
ing wit and laughter!" 

Triten TiR. Mirth 6, 1970 p ... 13 



It'1~ 
3 Tritons Named to NAIA 
All Star Basketball Team 
Three UC San Diego basketball players, 

forward Ed Babiuch, center Mark Wilson, 
and guard Guy Dimonte, were named as 
honorable mention selections on the 
NAIA District 3 basketball team. 

Guy Dimonte, 5-11 senior, was the floor 
leader of the Tritons this season before an 
injury sidelined him with six 
remaining. Dimonte averaged 16.6 
per game by hitting for a 50 per cent field 
goal percentage and 85 per cent on free 
throws. 

Ed Babiuch, 6-2 senior, was the 
leader in scoring with nearly 500 
and an 18 point-per-game average. 
slow start, Babiuch burned ~hrough 
second half of the season, hitting 32 
in one game, the season high for UCSD, 
and as well as the second-leading 
rebounder for the Tritons with six caroms 
per game. 

Mark Wilson , 6-6 junior, topped the 
Tritons in rebounding , twice getting 15 in a 
game, with a 7.5 per game rebound 
average. Wilson averaged 10.5 points per 
game, and being only a junior he has 
another season of eligibility remaining. 

Also selected to the All-Star team was 
San Diegan and UCSD opponent Larry 
Weddle of United States International 
University. Weddle , a 6-0 senior guard for 
the Westerners, was named to the first 
team of the All-NAIA District 3 team. Guy Dimonte 

Athletes 'Are Not Chattel 
Athletic Revolution Brewing 

UAKLAND, Cal. - (CPS) - A revolution is 
Simmering in college athletics. 

And one of the men responsible for a new con-
sciou:mess among athletes is Jack Scott , a 27-year 
old former Stanford track man and teaching 
colleague at the University of California. He is 
author of "Athletics for Athletes" (Other Ways 
Book Dept., EPO Box 13133, Oakland, Ca1. ) 

Scott, in an interview at his Oakland home, em· 
phasized that athletes are human beings, not 
chattel. He condemn~d the professionalization of 
amateur athletics, the second class role assigned to 
Black and women athletes and the nationalist bent 
of the Olympics. 

In recent weeks Scott's UC class, Education 1910, 
"The Role of Athletics in the University - A Social 
Psychological Analysis," has drawn nationwide 
attention. Perhaps no single class has received such 
publicity since Eldridge Cleaver taught an ex-
perimental course here last fall. 

Scott spoke most articulately about the con-
nection between athletics and the military. He said 
" inter-collegiate athletics is the training ground for 
~econd lieutenants ... and the colleges with the 

most comprehensive sports programs are the 
military academies .. . " 

In fact politicians may invoke sports, fuotball in 
particular, to sanctify their policies. Thus President 
Nixon is portrayed as an avid fan . California State 
Superintendant of Public Instruction Max Rafferty 
says " football is war ." Robert Kennedy said "next 
to war , football is the best preparation for American 
life. " 

So athletes come to be considered part of the 
sLatus quo - "just dumb jocks," according to Scott. 
Yet Scott says that when a person is called a name 
like "jock" he comes to fill the role almost inspite of 
himself. Athletes become stereotyped and "develop 
hostility to the rest of the university." 

Often when attempts are made to change the 
structure of the university, coaches organize 
athletes against demonstratnr~ , such as was the 

case at Columbia and San Francisco State. 
" Coaches have good reason to fear such change," 
Scott says, because they will suffer most from a 
change in university policy . 

Many schools, like Cal., have separate physical 
education and college athletics departments. Scott 
wants both to be combined and funded like any 
other college department - on the basis of 
academic merit. 

What happens at Cal is that athletes are given 
preferential treatment as far as tutoring help and 
other study aids . Scott says, however, that often an 
athlete will complete four years of athletic 
eligibility, but still be two years away from 
receiving a diploma. 

Especially hurt are the Black athletes on 
scholarship . Even if they haven't graduated the 
scholarship ends. Scott wants to see that athletes on 
scholarship be guaranteed they will receive their 
aid until they gain their diplomas. 

At present he says " it is impossible to be an 
athlete and be involved in nO'rmal student ac· 
tivities." 

Since the athletic department works closely with 
the administration, Scott was almost stopped from 
teaching the class which has featured such athletes 
as Harry Edwards and former L.A. Rams tight end 
Bernie Casey. 

Officially professor John Hurst is the teacher of 
the course because Scott has no contract to teach in 
the University. Yet through being involved in the 
class , Scott receives credit for teaching he must 
complete before he receives his Ph.D. 

About one-third of Scott's 400 pupils are varsity 
athletes. Many say they are being criticized by their 
coaches for taking the class. 

And traditionally, according to Scott , a 
questioning athlete signifies trouble to the coaches . 
Yet Scott is questioning out of a great love of sports 
and a desire to see college athletics free of 
professionalization where every individual who 
wishes can participate. 

Batsmen Beaten By Weatherman Aztecs Topple 
UCSD Golfers UCSD will travel to Montezuma 

Mesa this afternoon to face the 
Aztecs ina baseball game atSmith 
Field on the San Diego State 
campus at 2:30 p.m. It will be 
the first competition for the 
Tritons since dropping a 14- 3 
decision to the University of San 
Diego on Feb. 26. 

The Triton baseballers aren't 
having as much trouble with 
opposing pitchers and hitters as 
they a r e with the weatherman. 
UCSD is only 1-3 in their first 
four games this spring, but they 

went 0- 3 against the weatherman 
this week when games against 
Biola (Sat.), Southern california 
College (Mon.), and Cal Baptist 
(Wed.) were either ra ined out or 
called because of wet grounds. 

USD scored 10 runs in a sixth 
inning outbur st that resulted 
in an easy win over the Tritons 
at Robb Field. Toreros catcher 
John Wathan powered a pair of 
homers, in the fir st inning with 
a man on base and another in the 
third with the bases empty, to lead 

the rout of their crosstown foes 
from La Jolla. Wathan also 
connected for a double and had 
four runs batted in during his 
three trips to the plate. 

The Toreros parlayed four hits, 
five bases on balls, and a passed 
ball to push across ten runs in 

the ir big sixth inning assault. 
The win was the fir st of the season 
for USD after four defeats. 

Returning lettermen on this 
year's team are pitchers John 
Weger (Jr.) and Paul Fairman 
(Sophomore), and infielder Jeff 
McCo mbs (Sr.). 

UCSD opened their season with 
a 6- 3 victory over Cal Lutheran 
on the strength of John Weger 's 
pitching and the hitting of Jeff 
McCombs. A double - header loss 
to Azusa - Pacific clouded the 
skies, however , and the 14-3 
drubbing by USD finally rained 
all over UCSD's attempts to play 
again last week. 

A UCSO batsman takes a healthy cut and connects 
with the pitch here in a game earlier this season. 
The baseball team hasn't been doing much swinging 

lately though with three consecutive rain-outs. 
The Tritons wlll try again this afternoon against 
the Aztecs at San Diego state at 2:30 p.m. 

FLIGHTS 1970 
LARGEST SEL ~GTI0N: TO & WITHIN EUROPE, AFRICA, ASIA, 
SOVIE1 UNION. SPRING- SUMMEa STILL OPEN. ALL OTHER 
TICKETS. TOC. OLDEST ACADEMIC ASSOC.: EASC , 323 N. 
BEVERLY DR. BEVERLY HILLS, CALIF. 90210, (213) 276-6293 

TAPES STEREO CARTRIDGE TAPES 
4--frack - $2 .98 ; 8-Track . $3 .98 

for more information and catalog send Z5¢ to: 

TAPES 
P.O. Box 91404 
Worldway Postal Center 
l.A., Calif. 90009 

Plge 14 Triton Times March 6. 1970 

SPECIAL 
STUDENT AUTO INSURANCE 

AN AVERAGE OF 43% SAVINGS ON ALL AUTO INSURANCE 
IS REALIZED BY PARTICIPATING QUALIFIED ST DENTS 

SAVINGS - $62 
EVEN GREATER SAVINGS FOR MARRIED AND 

FEMALE STUDENTS 

• PIKtmt"' GUARANTEED '~"f(t ... 0' dr, .. ,"9 fftord 
• P~vnlf'\' PI.", to ht YOUR hudIqItt 
• ~O A(kt. IIIK'I" ""',11,1, d t""q! lor SPO'H S CARS 
• '''0 urMBCHSHIP I=Ff rC!(lUuPfi 
• L,t,."v,,' Ity r~ St" ... ", Clttl""'''' ''' 0"., ~f I"""",lC'f 

~ CO~~~~';;~';;~[;~S~[;~NCE 
.... SERVICE - 2914335 

2223 El Cajon Boulevard, San Diego, Calif. 
Suite 348 

San Diego State's golf team 
made UCSD its sixth straight 
victim this season with a 45-9 
trouncing at Lorna Santa Fe 
Country Club last week. Fred 
Wood, the N12 man on the Aztec 
Squad, led the rout for State with 
a three-over·par round of 75 as he 
and teammate Dan Walla (84) 
shut out Phil Engle (95) and 
George Clark (82) , 18-0. 

In other matches Lon Hinkle 
(77) and Ralph Campos (85) of 
San Diego State downed UCSD's 
Rudy Murillo (81 ) and John 
Murphy (84) , 13-5. Aztecs Tom 
Minor (79) and Bill Ruffing (77) 
rounded out the scoring by out-
shooting Tritons John Folchi (84) 
and Newell Ackerson (77), 14-4. 

r= 

[f) c.\ 1Il(!ac.\ i 
rm@@~ · 

•• UtI#UI· .. 

.I~ 
POVERTY PRICES FOR ALL! 

HAPPY HOUR DAILY 5-6 PM 

GREATEST FIGHTS 
BALL GAMES, ETC. 
ON OUR CLOSED 

CmCUlT VIDEOTAPE 

SANDWICHES AND PIZZA 

DIME NIGHT (ONE KEG) 
EVERY THURSDAY 8 p.m. 

PARLAY ROOM TAVERN 

225-27 West 15th Street ... 

in the bowels of Del Mar 

Matmen End Season 10-3 
Score Well In NAIA Meet 

The Triton grapplers finished their winning season with a pair of 
away meets and a worthwhile stop over at the NAJA District III 
Championships in Pomona last weekend. 

On Feb. 18, the Tritons completely overwhebned Claremont·Mudd 
College with a score of 32-11, but were dealt a heavy blow the next 
week at Cal State Fullerton . The real hurt didn't come with the defeat, 
but with an injury. One of the team's strongest contenders, 1671Xlund 
Fred Grunewald, was forced to default his match in the second period 
when he tore a ligament in his knee . The next day a surgeon's scalpel 
disappointed GrlDlewald's hopes to claim the district championship, 
so while he lay convalescing, his teammates did their stuff at Pomona. 

Ten colleges and universities participated in the championship 
matches, which were conducted on three mats . As txpected, the 
Tritons found their toughest competition coming in two abnost king· 
size packages labeled Cal Lutheran College and Biola. The Tritons left 
the job of putting Biola in its place to gutsy Howard Clark who, having 
moved down from heavyweight to Joe Prenn's 190 position, pinned his 
Biola man in the third period. 

The best performances of the day were turned in by Javier 
"Speedy" Correa, who took a second at 126, Ed Calugay, 118, Mike 
Ditomaso, 142, and heavyweight Joe Prenn who all claimed thirds, and 
l34-pound Bob Wilson, who took a fourth . Speedy came close to the 
coveted first-place championship and he says, "I didn 't even know 
what was going on. I was just giving it all my best ." But when the final 
buzzer sounded, his Biola opponent was ahead by four points. 

The weekend was an experience for everybody - including those 
who wrestled their best but didn't place. "Oh yeah, it was a lot of fun," 
says 177-pound Jeff Graham, perhaps a little wryly. "But the best part 
was John Gressard's 'Flash' comic books." Which is some kind of 
comment on the team's ability to keep up its spirit and humor, even 
when somebody loses. 

A Triton wrestler takes a s trong hold on an 
opponent and works for a takedown on the way 
to a victory for UCSD. The Tritons ended a 

fine season with a meet record of 10 wins agamst 
only 3 losses, then captured two seconds, three 
thirds, and a fourth at the NAIA District Tourney. 

Coach Millenbah ended the season with a few more gray hairs and 
praises for the entire team . "They all did a great job - and our 10-3 
season record will vouch for that." He is looking forward to his 
favorite part of the season (second only to winning, of course) which is 
the awards banquet where he will present trophies and letters. The 
banquet will be March 12. 

Cagers Bow to Azusa 90-83 
In Gallant Season Finale 

, ... ***************** ••• ** •••••••• 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
Interested in joining an ar· 

chery club at UCSD? You can 
find out all about it and direct 
bulls-eye contact when you phone 
Donna Maskell at 453-9907, P.O. 
4177, or Barbara Durbin in the 
recreation office, ext. 2275. 

A synchronized swim club is 
being organized this week at 
UCSD. The club will meet every 
Tuesday and Friday from 4 to 
5:30 p.m., beginning March 3 , 
until May. A water show is 
planned in May. For more in· 
formation contact Beth Josi in 
the recreation office , ext . 2283 or 
2275. 

Intercollegiate competition and 
recreational fun is now available 
in women's tennis. Meetings are 
held on the tennis courts adjacent 
to the gymnasium on Monday , 
Wednesday, and Friday from 8 to 
10 a.m. ' and on Tuesday and 
Thursday from 2 to 3 p.m. 
Matches are scheduled 
throughout the spring. Further 
information is available from 
Beth Josi, ext. 2282, and'Barbara 
Durbin , ext. 2275. 

Women faculty and staff 
members in recreational ac· 
tivities are invited to bring their 
light-bite (lunch) to the gym and 
join the "Light.Bite Group ." On 
Tuesday and Thursday from noon 
to 1 p.m . there are exercises, 
tennis, ping pong, badminton and 

volleyball. Beth Josi, ext. 2282, 
and Barbara Durbin, ext. 2275, 
have more details . 

Attention all scuba divers and 
interested prospects! The only 
important meeting of the UCSD 
scuba club is scheduled for 
tonight at 7:30 p.m. in the 
gymnasium classroom. Movies 
will be shown and qualifications 
will be given for the First Annual 
Underwater Monopoly Tour-
nament to be held at Sea World . 
For more information contact 
Bert, ext. 2282. 

UCSD's Surfing Club will be 
holding surfing competition this 
Sunday beginning at 8 a.m. at 
Scripps Pier. Men's and women's 
division prizes will be awarded. 
Sign up in the recreation office in 
the gymnasium. Details on this 
contest, and other functions , can 
be obtained from John Condra at 
453-5346, or in the recreation 
office. 

Softball for fun - girls, 
students, faculty, and staff in-
terested in playing softball 
should come to the field adjacent 
to the tennis courts every Wed-
nesday from 4 to 5:30 p.m. Those 
interested are eligible to go to the 
Davis Tournament on May 15. 
Come and find out or phone the 
recreation office, Beth Josi, ext. 
2282, or Barbara Durbin, ext. 
2275. 

UC San Diego's basketball 
team ended its season with a 
gallant but losing effort to a 
strong Azusa Pacific team The 
Tritons closed the campaign with 
a hard-fought 90-83 loss and 
finished the season with 13 wins 
against 14 losses . 

Earlier in the week the Tritons 
had outscored Cal Lutheran 10-2 
in overtime to claim a 7~ 
decision that evened their record 
at 13-13. 

Against Ii tall and strong A;zusa 
Pacific team, though, the Trltons 
were unable to produce the super 
effort they needed. After being 
down 56-40 at halftime, the 
Tritons rallied and surged back 
to narrow the gap several times, 
but fell short by seven points at 
the final buzzer of the game and 
the season. 

It was the same situation that 
has plagued the Tritons the entire 
season that caused the heart-
breaking loss : the Tritons were 
whistled down for 22 personal 
fouls while Azusa Pacific drew 
only 8. The local cagers outscored 
Azusa by 10 points, 74-64, from 
the field , but Azusa connected on 
26 of 38 frt'e throw attempts ; 
UCSD managed only 9 for 11 at 
the charity stripe, and that 
spelled doom for the Tritons. 

Trailing by as much as 18 
points in the second half, UCSD 

Study in 
Guadalajara, Mexico 
~,......-..-...,. ________ ~ The Guadalajara Summer School. a 

,--- - - _ II full y accredited Universily of Arizono 

ei ~ I • progrom. wdl offer , June 29 to Augus uro e .275 'r ~ 8. ort. folklore. geogrophy, history, po P .!! ~ liticol science. lon'luage ond literature .; .!.. . courses. Tuition, $160; board and room ~ OU ND ,m ~ ~ i i i :~~~e~~~:s~~.J~~~v:rs~aye!·f ~~:~C:n~ 
- & g ~ 

.. ONE WAY FR<2..M $ 135 =1; ~ .. ~ II' Tucson Arizono 85721 . 
= I • COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK i Jet Charter Flights ~ . - ! ~ ~ 327 F st. I 
. Summer & fall i ~I' ,. . i ~ PA YS DONORS 

1970 __ ,,-, -; i 
•• E I I ~ for senice 

Phone (415) 832-2902 ~~ 1 I ~ .. 
..... IC • J For Schedules call or write ... ., I ~ ! . ~ ; I Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 L:helPIIiQht5 are OIIen to It u(Jflnt l Faculty . Staff [mpl~~p~\ \5 ~ ~ ~ ; i! Closed Sun. & Mon. and Ihm """Ifali/lp fa mIly I Z33 - 8328 ~"""'---"II!L-. __ ,..... - - -...-.. -- !.------

Tue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

three times cut the margin to five 
points, but never could quite 
close the gap all the way. Ed 
Babiuch , an AlI-NAlA District 3 
honorable mention selection, 

again turned in an outstanding 
performance by pumping in 26 
points to pace the Tritons while 
teammate Jim Boyd chpped in 
13. 

USD Tops Triton Frosh 
for Tournament Title 
University oC San Diego's junior varsity basketball team captured 

top honors in the San Diego City Freshman-J.V. Basketball Tour-
nament hosted by UCSD this week. The Triton freshman finished 
second in the four team event which also included San Diego state 
and United states International University_ 

In Tuesday night's opening round USD edged USiU 54-52 in tbe 
first game of the evening, and UCSD followed with a thrilling 
101-100 win over San Diego State to gain the finals against Us!). 
George Menzies topped all scorers with 34 points, but UCSD 
teammate Jon Lelevier clinched the exciting win for the Tritons. 
With th~ score tied at 100 and one second remaining in the game 
Lelevier went to the Could line and sank the clutch Cree throw 
that avoided an overtime period and sent the Tritons into the finals. 

Wednesday night USlU opened the action by easily handling 
the Aztecs for a 109-82 decision over San Diego state to lake 
third place in the two day tourney. 

In the finals the University of San Diego opened up a lead that 
the Triton frosh could never overcome and the Linda Vista school 
collected the tournament title with a n 83- 63 victory over UCSD. 

This was USO' s second championship in the three year old annual 
tournament among the local college freshman and J. V. basketball 
teams. UCSD, San Diego State, and USIU had entered all-freshman 
teams, while USD had the only J.V. team, a squad that included 
a junior and three sophomores in their starting team. 

Steve Bajo of USD was voted the tournament's most valuable 
player award while teammates Bob Howard and John Greggs 
were selected for the AU-Tournament team. Rounding out the 
All - Star team are Mark Heinfeld of USIU, Mike Baker from San 
Diego state, and UC San Diego' s Jon Lelevier. 



tonight 
Assemblyman John Stull will speak 

al 7 p .m . in USB 2722 on bills pending 
on env i ronmental control and 
pollut ion . 

Coffee Hut presents Doug McKee 
ton ight and Saturday beg inning at 9 
p.m 

saturday 
Les McCann Trio, part of the Black 
Arts Series will be at Sherwood Ha ll at 
8' 30 p.m . Admission is S1.50 for 
students . 

sunday 
Academy Theatre presents 2~ cent 
movies at 2 p.m ., " Pumpkin Eater" 
and two Betty Boop cartoons . 

The La Jolla Civic/ University Or · 
chestra presents a program of French 
music at 3 p.m . (youth concert) and 8 
p.m at Sherwood Hall. Elizabeth 
Ham ilton will be the guest Harp 
slchOrdis t . 

From 11 a .m. to 4 p.m . there w ill be a 
Kite and Hot·Air Balloon Contest and 
Picnic . Pr izes for best homemade 
kites and balloons w ill be offered . 
Bring food , gifts, friends , and all your 
important things. 

" The Informer " and " Mass for the 
Dakota Sioux " w ill be shown at 7 p.m . 
In USB 2722. 

tuesda, 
Yujo Takahashi Day Concert w ill be 
held In 409MC at 11 a .m . 

AS Senate meets at 9 p.m in Con 
ference Room "A." Public is invited. 

wednesday 
" Hold that Ghost" is the Coffee Hut 
movie scheduled for 9 p .m. 

frida, 
San Francisco Mime Troupe will give 
a free open a i r performan ce at noon in 
Revelle Plaza . 

on campus 

Sign up for intramural softball by 
completing a roster form (name, 
address and phone ) in the Intramural 
Office in the Gym . Rosters for co ed, 
men's slow p itch , and Tournament 
teams must be submitted by Tuesday, 
March 31. 

off campus 
A folk liturgy from the Un ivers ity of 
Southern Californ ia is the worship 
form at University Lutheran Church 
in La Jolla th is Sunday . Service begins 
at 10 a.m . 

Hillel from San Diego State is hav ing 
an open party on Sunday, March 8 at 7 
p.m . 5717 Lindo Paseo . For in 
format ion call Cynthia Wilt at 298· 
4254. 

There w ill be a new ser ies of anit·war 
activities 'his spr ing , Including at 
least one mass demonstration in 
April . The Vietnam Morator ium 
Committee invites you to discuss the 
reasons for these act ivit ies, to help 
reestablish the anti-war movement at 
UCSD and to lay plans for the spring 
offensive . Wednesday , Feb . 24, at 7:30 
p.m . in Blake Lounge. 

Two Allec high.freqUency horns and 
drivers and two Trusonic woofers with 
a total value of over S500 were stolen 
recenlly from the " Anomaly Fac 
tory ," the home of UCSD's exper '. 
mental theater . This equipment Is 
vital for upcoming prOdUCTions and 
there are no funds to replace them . II 
anyone with information concerning 
their whereabouts would contact 
David Cunningham at 257MC or at ext. 
1195, no questions Will be asked . 

announc,ments 

In conformance with the State 
Rabies Control Regulations, as well as 
San D 'ego's " Leash Law," the 
follow ing policy for con t rol of dogs on 
campus is effective immediately : 

Any dog on campus must wear a 
substantial leash not to exceed six feet 
in length . Dogs must have either a 
val id Sao Diego Ci ty or County dog 
license as ev idence of rabies vac· 
cination . Dogs may not be tethered 
anywhere on campus. Dogs are not 
perm itted in any campus building , 
even though leashed, unless i t is a 
seeing eye dog serving its owner . Dogs 
01) campus or in a building in violation 
of th is polley are subject to being 
picked up and turned over to the City 
Poundmaster . 

Any quest ions or complaints are to 
be directed to the Office of En· 
vironmental Health and Safety, ext. 
1281. 

There w ill be a State College Ant i· 
Vietnam Conference in the SO State 
College Aud i tor ium on Sunday from 
about 10 a .m . to a p .m . Sponsored by 
the Student Mobilisat ion Committee, 
i t offers workshops about all parts of 
the war and about the demonstrations 
against it . 

Robert Moe, General Manager of 
the Coeur d 'A lene Summer Theatre, a 
musical repertory company in Nor· 
thern Idaho, will hold aud it ions in San 
Diego the f irst week in Apr il. Anyone 
interested in apply ing should send a 
resume to Moe before March 15 so that 
he can schedule the aud itions . The 
address is 320 West Pal izada , N3 in San 
Clemente, Cal if . 

Appl icat ions for state Graduate 
Fellowships for 1970·71 must be 
postmarked and sent to the State 
Scholarship and Loan Comm ission by 
March 10. Check w i th the Financial 
Aids office in 250 MC. 

Kite Contest and Picnic sponsored by 
the Med ical School will take place 
Sunday March 8th at 11 a .m . on UCSD 
Rugby Field . Pr i zes for best home 
made kites and hot air balloons . Come 
one and all! Br ing our won Food and 
kite. 

The ASSOCIA TED STUDENTS 'resents 
Coffee Hut friday and Saturday . 9:00 
Wednesday, 
March 11 

9 :00 

'HOLD THAT GHOST' 
plus 15e H et D ••• 

'MY DARLING CLEMENTINE' 
starring JOHN WAYNE 

I 

I 

MAGIC SHOW 
MABCH 15 

R EVEl llE CAFETERIA 
8 :00 
'J~Z& 

DOUG McKEE 

BEN 
(Country and Western) 

fRANKLIN 
(Saturday Only) 

Friday Night' 
at the Movies 

OWUt- 1IJdtu-
'THE THIRD MAN' 

USB 2622 

7 :30 50C 

Don't forget the kite and hot air balloon 
flying contest Sunday . 

For information can 453· ED NA 

SATURDAY, MARCH 14 •• REVELLE PLAZA 9 :00 P.M . 

SODA CRACKER BAND 
Presented by Beagle &. Atlantis 

Plge 16 Triton Tines Mlrch 6, 1970 

r,creation 
Baseball · vs . USD Tuesday , March 
lOth 3:00 p.m . UCSD Baseball Field 

Baseball . vs . Occidental , Saturday, 
March 14th 1:00 p .m . UCSD Baseball 
Field 

Archery . All those interested in 
joining an archery club should contact 
Donna Maskell, P .O. Box 4177, 453· 
9907 

Tennis · All women who want to play 
tennis for fun or compete on in · 
tercollegiate team should come to the 
tennis courts adjacent to the gym· 
nasium Mon., Wed ., Fr l., 8:00 . 10:00 
a .m . or Tue . and Thurs . 2:00 . 3:00. 
For further information contact Beth 
Josi Ext . 2282 . 
Wo men Faculty l St ?ff Rec reat i on 
women faculty/ staff interested in 
recreational activities come to the 
gym Tuesday and Thursday from 
noon to 1:00 ... exercises, tenniS, 
ping pong, badminton, volleyball. 
Further information contact Beth Josi 
Ext . 2282. 

Water Show . those interested in 
part icipating in a water show in May 
should contact Beth Josi ext. 2282. 

I,ctur,s 
Economics department presents 
Professor L ipsey from the Un ivers i ty 
of British Columb ia, speaking on 
"Contributions to the New Theory of 
Dem and" tOday at 3 :30 p.m ., USB 4050 
" A.1t 

Sir Roy Harrod will speak on 
" Keynesian Economics in the 1970's" 
next Thursday at .. p.m. in USB 3010. 

History CollOquium Monday offers 
Stephen Thernstrom of UCLA on 
" Compa r at ive Rates of Mobili t y i n 
Nineteenth century Am erica" at 4: 15 
p .m . in R~velle 's Informal Lounge. 

I mpor tant Dates 

March 16 Free Day No Academ ic 
Classes 
March 17 21 Final Examinat ions 
March 22·30 Quarter Break 
March 31 · Third Quarter beg ins 

Career employer r epresentatives on 
campus next week include : the U.S. 
Atom ic Energy Commission, Shell 
Development Company, United 
Technology Center, and U.S. ESSA 
Comm issioned Officer Corps. 

Courses may be dropped or added 
'without instructors signature from 
I March 9·13 only . Restric ted courses 
Istill reqUire Department stamp. 

"The devotion of thought 
to an honest achievement 
makes the achievement 
-,!ossible." M.B.E. 
Discuss 
Christian Science Organization1 

Monday eve. 7:00 
Informal Lounge 

7 ACADEMY AWARD 
NOMINATIONS! 
INCLUDI NG 
BEST PICTURE! 

BUTCH CASSIOV AND 
THE SUNDANCE KID 

600 1000 
--& ..... ----~~~--
2 ACADEMY AWARD NOMINATIONS INCLUDING lEST ACTI'ESS' 

.U.ggie ,fimith 
'lbe.1+imc 1)/ ~"Ii'f.c ... '1cIllJr.Brodie 

coco. 800 

BUREAU FOR ENVIRONMENTAL 
DESIGN 

Survi val Walk - On Friday, April 
24th a San Diego conti ngent w ill leave 
on foot and in pollution ·free veh icles 
for five days of cleaning trash , 
distributing leaflets, holding fairs , 
et . on the way to an April 31st ·May 
1st rendezvous in Santa Monica with 
other groups from all over the state. If 
you would like to organize the Walk at 
UCSD or be in II , please call x · l03a or 
stop by the Bureau for Environmental 
Design . 

Or ga n ic Food in th e 
Caf et er ias - Pet i tions urging the 
inclusion of organic foOds in the 
cafe terias are now being Circu la t ed . If 
you would I ike to sign or circulate one, 
stop by the Bureau for Environmental 
Design or call x · l038. 

Env i ronm enta l Crisis Bullet in - A 
multi ·page, monthly bulletin con · 
taining important news, a calendar of 
local and regional meetings and 
events, and suggestions for per sonal 
involvement is available f ree to 
anyone . Simply leave your name and 
address with zip (preferably a 
campus address so we can save 
postage) at the Bureau for En · 
vironmental Design or x·l038. 

The UCSO Community tntera ct ion 
Comm ittee needs interested students 
and faculty for involvement with 
people from the San Diego community 
in 1) a tour program which operates 
bi .monthly on campus, and 2) an in · 
home discussion program with faculty 
and students actually visiting homes 
In the San Diego area . Conact Jeanne, 
extension 1913, at the Student Ac· 
tlvities Off ice, building 250 Matthews 
Campus . 

Creat i ve Ar t s Workshop will meet at 2 
p.m . in the Bureau for a Wrlte· ln with 
John Wood . Bring free minds and a 
pen . 

cla$sifi,ds 
CollegeStudenls On ly . 
Europe - Spain, Greece, Turkey, 
Rome, etc. California Student T ours. 
(213) 478·6639, (213) 469·6865. 
E UROPE S200 to U . 5 round trip . Also 
to Israel and Orient. Rep. Am it Peles 
(7 14) 735·91 40 or (714) 737·4684. 1562B·2 
Pleasant View Ave ., Corona Calif . 
91720 UCSO E .S.E .P. member s only l 

Typing serv ice - UC exper ienced . 
T echn i cal typ ing , the ses, 
manuscripts, tape transcription, IBM 
electri c. Trudy Robideau, Mission 
Beach 488·0783. 

The t •• o, In .. rnationol 

~ 
Featurlllg L ed Z e pp lin 

S am nnd D o v'. BB King. 
In c r c dlbl S tring B a nd 
T n Y c nrs A fte r . D e lane y 
a nd B o nnl ' and fri e nds 
and IOmeweircios 

WHEN THE SHIP CO M ES IN 

M ESSAGES. MESSAGES 


