
-
t -to e -· tI 
Volu~e 10. Issuer 16 UniVersity _ of California, San Diego, Frtday, M ay 129.1970 
Nine Vote Mar in of Victory 

Palcic and Porter Elected 
Roger Show ley 
NewsEcUtor 

In the closest election in the six 
years of AS history, UCSD un-
dergraduates chose Revelle 
junior Mike "Heavy" Palcic and 
Revelle sophomore Howard 
Porter as president and vice-
president in Wednesday's runoff 
election. -

Muir junior Jim Magill and 
Revelle sophomore Bill Keegan 
conceded defeat after the nine-
vote majority was announced by 
Election Commissioner Cindy 
Nielsen at the Coffee Hut shortly 
after 9 p.m. 

Muir will have two, Third will 
have one, and Revelle six. 

The elections took place after a 
!Donth of turmoil on campus and 
m an atmosphere peppered with 
political activity. Following on 
the heels of sit-ins, the closing .If 
the university, student trials and 
a suicide, candidates for ~ffice 
ran low-keyed campaigns f~a~uring only posters, do~ 
vlSlts and debates on KSDT. 

The members of the AS 
Council, excluding represen-
tatives from the college govern-
ments which will be appointed 
soon, are : Jim Sills, Academic 
Affairs; Paul Kaufman, External 
Affairs ; Steve Pomeroy, Student 
Welfare ; Bruce Morden, Com-
munity Service ; Dan Spellens, 
Program Board ; and Barbie 
Butler, Public Relations. Both 
Kaufman and Morden served on 
the AS Senate this year, the first 
as lower division senator, the 
second as representative from 
Revelle. 

Read Ing to their election yes- at least in an advisoryeapacity." 
terday, Palcic and Porter empha- Palcic mentioned his interest In 
sized thei r dedication to Inc rea- Increasing AS support of anti-war 
Sil1g student Involvement oneam- activities on campus. " This is a 
pus. "My greatest concern is with result of the student referendum 
curriculum," Porter said. "I which placed the ASUCSD in the 
would like to get a little bit of say official position as being against 
for students in each department - the war." .-=-----~.....:. In the two runoff elections for commissioners, Revelle senior 

Bruce Morden topped Muir junior 
John Shinn in the community 
service post, and Revelle 
sophomore Paul Kaufman won 
over Muir sophomore Irwin 
Davidson in the important 
position of external affairs. 

Palcic will follow Benjamin as 
the fifth Revelle president since 
1964. In their platform he and 
Porter emphasized their op-
position to "all war research. " 
They vowed to increase student 
involvement in the governance of 
UCSD and to "seek the repeal or 
circumvention of the forced 
financial indebtedness ruling 
concerning next year 's new 
educational fee." 

King's Arrest Triggers Campus Violence 
The proposition that two weeks 

be reserved during the Fall 
Quarter to allow students to work 
for the political candidates of 
their choice was approved by a 
vote of 462 to 374. 

The new AS president, Mike 
Palcic, will take up his new job 
most likely on Monday, ac-
cording to the current president 
Jeff Benjamin. Palcic has served 
as vice-president with Benjamin 
and was head of Coffee Hut en-
tertainment a year ago. 

In terms of extracurricular 
events the two executives of the 
AS, which will count on a $68,000 
budget (up $8000 from this year ), 
favor "a diversified program of 
social. and cultural events suited 
to the tastes of our students (free 
concerts, plaza dan~es, bonfires, 
arts and lectures)." 

Jim Sills 
Staff Writer. 

Students broke about 50 win-
dows in the administration 
complex on the Matthews 
campus Wednesday night, after 
Byron King was arrested at an on 
campus meeting of SDS:r.hirty-
four units of San Diego police 
stood by on Miramar Road, but 
were not called. The results of the election 

follow. One asterick indicates 
election. The story properly begins at a 

demonstration in front of the 
Chancellor's Office Wednesday 
morning. A group of students, 
including several from SDS, 
blocked Chancellor McGill from 
entering his office as a protest 
over the Angela Davis case. After 
the students were informed that 
they must leave or face 
disciplinary action, 1~20 of them 
were identified and suspended 
from campus for two weeks. 
Called "withdrawal of consent," 
this action, coupled with a 
preliminary injunction granted 
during the sit-ins, makes a return 
to campus by those suspended a 
criminal offense. The students 
were informed of their suspen-
sion and warned not to return. 

Howie Porter is a new addition 
to the AS scene, and will be 
helping Palcic put into effect 
their l4-point platform. 

AS Results 
Magill, currently upper 

division senator, who ran AS 
entertainment this year as 
chairman of the Program BoWd, 
plans to continue working in AS 
affairs, although he is not sure 
what he is most interested m. 

AS President 
(855 voting - 24 per cent 01 3500 
students) 

The AS Council, which will 
start operating next week, 
reveals an uneven distribution of 
commissioners among the 
colleges, compared with the even 
representation under the old 
Constitution of 1966. Only Jim 
Sills, corrunissioner of academic 
affairs, comes from Muir 
College - all the rest are from 
Revelle. But when the college 
governments appoint 
representatives to the Council, 

Run fOI YOUI Lif. 

' M ike " Heavy" Pal cic 
Jim Mag ill . 

432 - 50 .5% 
423 - 49 . 5~0 

AS Vice· President 
(845 voting ) 

-Howie Porter 
Bill Keegan 

485 - 54.2% 
387 - 45 .8% 

Commissioner 01 External Affairs 
(749 voting) 

' Paul Kaufman 
Irwin Davidson 

420 - 56.1°0 
329 - 43 .9°0 

Comm issioner 01 Commun ity Serv ices 
(780 vot ing) 

• Bruce Morden 
John Sh inn 

426 - 54 .2% 
354 - 45 .5% 

(855 voting - 24% 01 3500 students) 

That evening SDS held their 
regular meeting in USB 4050A, 
while the Radical Student Union 
met in Blake Hall. 

THE YIPPIES ARE COMING 
Owen J oyner 

War Correspondent 

Final preparations are feverishly being made for 
the massive Yippie invasion of La Jolla, Kalifornia, 
tomorrow. Through the interception of classified 
documents, the TRITON TIMES learned of this se-

~et move, truly the most brilliant and spectacular 
In. an al~eady spectacular six-year war between the 

~g Nation Army (code name-"Yippie") and the 
Viet-Kong Forces. 

The La Jolla invasion is presumably necessitated 
by the discovery of large Viet Kong arms caches 
sanctuaries, and a central planning headquarter~ 

at~p Mt. Soledad by the pig nation intelligence 
umts. One of the Yippie Joint chiefs-of-staff ex-
pressed his regret over having to violate the neu-
tr.ality of Kalifornia , but also declared that " these 

~let Kong strongholds are severely endangering the 
lives of our Yippie boys in this war." 

He promised the invasion would not extend 
beyond 21 miles into neutral Kalifornia territory 
and not last for more than six weeks. 

The Ylppie Kommander of the Navy In the Pac1fik 

announced the deployment of many thousands of 
Yippie. volun~eer ~roops, drafted by means of a pink 
mductlOn notice Circulated widely. They will land in 
rubber rafts, where a beach assault is planned at La 
Jolla Cove. At this time, there will be a brief party 
to prepare for a second party for assault. Then in a 
massive drive , armed with Pig Nation flags , toy 

~uns, helmets, Yippie uniforms, and the very latest 
m war equipment-pacification literature, the Pig 
Nation army will storm the city. 

According to very highly reliable sources, the 
invasion route will be south on Girard , the main 
street, west on Pearl St. and wind up at the Marine 
St. beach area for a regrouping and a victory cele-
bration. Essential to the Yippie war plan is a paci-
fication party which will follow the assault and hand 
out literature to let the people of La Jolla (who inci· 
dentally own one-half of the planet earth) know how 
the Yippies REALLY feel about th war . 

Featured at the victory party will be the Del Mar 
People's Co-op, providing food and music . Th Uni-
v rsal Life hurch will hold unset s rvices at the 
Mt. Soledad Cross. 

SDSers Prevent Most Arrests 

After being informed that 
several of those suspended were 
in the SDS meeting, Vice-
Chancellor Murphy conferred 
with the campus police. He 
decided to arrest them at the 
meeting. The university police 
arrived at the SDS meeting at 
about 9:30. They announced who 
would be arrested and why 
(violating the suspension). Those 
in the meeting responded by es-
corting as many of their number 
as possible out of the building. In 
this way eight or nine who were to 
be arrested escaped. The ninth, 
Byron King, was arrested and 
taken to the campus police 
station on the Matthews Campus. 
After sending word to the 
students in' lower Blake ( who 
followed them) the SDS set out 
for Matthews, having failed to 
prevent the police from tran-
sporting Byron. King was turned 
over to the San Diego police at the 
station and taken off campus 
before the students arrived . 
(Murphy later told the TRITON 
TIMES that King would be 
released on his own recognizance 
at Murphy's specific request) . 
About 35 students arrived at the 
police station on Matthews 
campus about 9:45 chanting 
"Free Byron." A few rocks were 
thrown on the station roof before 
the students moved into the 
parking lot in front of McGill's 
office. A few minutes after 10, 
about 10 people broke away from 
the main group and ran through 
the administration complex 
breaking windows in several 
offices with boards and coffee 
cans. 

Students Demand Audience 

Murphy was in his office 
working late with several 
secretaries. Discovering his 
presence, the students demanded 
to see him, insisting that all of 
them, not just representatives be 
admitted. After half an hour of 
uncertainty, in which a few more 
windows were smashed, Murphy 
emerged to address the crowd. 
His audience was composed of 
about 100 people, many of them 
observers only. He xplained why 
Byron had been arrested and 
noted that King had twice been 
served with notice to stay off 
campu . On 0 e occasion , 
Murphy said, Byron ripped a 
notice up and a cond time 
threw one ba k into a dean 's fac . 

The students repeatedly in-
terupted Murphy, telling him that 
he had no right to exclude anyone 
from campus. 

SD Police Not Called 

About fi ve minutes after 
Murphy finished , the crowd 
began to move away. Several 
students felt they were too well-
known and feared further 
disciplinary involvement with the 
administration. They were also 
uneasy over being so close to the 
police station, and had heard 
rumors that large numbers of 
San Diego police were nearby. 
(These rwnors were true. Thirty 
police cars and four paddy 
wagons were on Miramar Road 
from 10:30 on. Apparently they 
were waiting word from Murphy. 
Two SDPD cars were parked in 
front of the campus police station 
most of the night. As far as is 
known they were the only ones to 
come on campus.) The students 
moved on to Revelle Plaza where 
discussions continued for an hour 
(till 12:30). 

Apparently no one was injured 
during the night 's activity . _ 

John Froines 
John Froines, of Ch1cago Con-

spiracy fame, spoke to about 500 
students at Revelle Thursday. He 
talked about the Conspiracy Trial, 
repression i i l America, and called 
the Movement today a second 
American Revolution, comparing 
the events at Kent State to the Bos-
ton Massacre. Froines exhorted 
students to shut down the Univer-
sitie ., ill til IdU ~ I}vuLt :.: .... i i.; 
not acquitted of murder charges. 
He praised Byron Kin s a 
. 'brave brother" for speaking at 
the rally in violation of his niv-
ersity suspens ion. King was later 
evacuated from the the campus by 
his friends. 0 police appeared. 



Senate Reaffirms Policy, 
Benjarrnin Motion Debated 

Jlmsm. 
S&aIf Writer 

"The Academic Senate wishes to reafflnn its earlier statement that 
the use of physical means and violence to disrupt the normal func-
tioning of the campus cannot be condoned." This was part of a 
resolution passed by the UCSD Academic Senate in the irregular 
meeting Tuesday. 

The meeting in USB 2722 began with a statement read by Dr. 
Korevaar praising Dr. McGill's tenure as chancellor. The rehiring of 
Prof. Marcuse was singled out for approval. As part of his response, 
McGill announced that charges against four students allegedly in-
volved in the sit-ins were being dropped. In reply to a question, McGiJI 
de.nied that any "deal" had been made with the Regents in the Angela 
Davis case. A BSC-SDS-MECHA leaflet had charged that a move to 
fire 25 white professors had been averted in return for faculty silence 
on the Davis matter. Division chairman Gabriel Jackson also denied 
the leaflet's charge that he (Jackson) had urged silent acceptance of 
the Regents' action to take charge of non-tenure appointments. 
Jackson indicated that he did think that sit-in protest was counter-
productive, but not a non-forceful method of protest. 

Disruptions "Inconsistent" 

The resolution concerning disruption quoted above was introduced 
by Prof. John Miles of AMES. Passed by about an 80 per cent vote, the 
measure calls disruptions " ... inconsistent with the principle of 
freedom of inquiry, which presupposes the toleration of opinions and 
research pursuits with whi~ one disagrees ." The resolution con-
cluded, " . : . we deplore the printed attacks, verging on slander 
which have been directed in a wholesale and irresponsible way against 
some of the members of our academic community. " 

ASUCSD president Jeff Benjamin introduced a resolution to adjourn 
classes for two weeks immediately preceding the November elections, 
to allow "student participation in our democratic processes. " The 
resolution specified that this be done so as not to lose any days of in-
struction. 

Extra Political Activity " Legitimate" 

Prof. Walter Kohn supported Benjamin, noting that this was a 
legitimate way for students to influence government. Prof. Vernon 
~greM wi~ Ko~n, noting that students and faculty would participate 
In the electIOns In any case. Dr. Harold Urey, however , spoke against 

th~ Benjamin motion. He insisted that this action would politicize the 
university as surely as the Regent 's attempt to fire Angela Davis. He 
urged that faculty and students act as individuals during the cam-
paign, instead of taking semi-<lfficial action. The Senate eventually put 
the Benjamin resolution on a mail ballot to its members, and 
suggested that Benjamin poll the students on whether they would 
sacrifice their Christmas vacation to make up lost time. A straw vote 
of the Senate (which has no legal force ) approved the Benjamin 
motion 75-23 with eight abstentions. 

In other action, the Senate called for the rehiring of Miss Davis, or 
short of that a continuation of her salary. This motion was approved 
without opposition. 

Also passed, by an 81-9 vote, was a call to the Regents to end all 
connection with Los Alamos and Livennore laboratories. 

Academic Senate Budget Cut 
An assistant to Assemblyman 

Frank Lanterman, Chairman of 
the State Assembly's Ways and 
Means Committee, indicated to 
the TRITON TIMES that the 
committee 's cutting of the UC 
Academic Senate's $409,000 
budget was not an attempt to put 
the University out of business. It 

seems that the members of the 
committee were peeved with the 
Senate, not only for having 
passed some resolutions which 
they disagreed with , but for not 
showing up to testify at the 
committee's budget hear ings . 

After the Academic Senate's 
lobbyist shows up to apologize, 
the cuts are likely to be restored. 
r---~------------~~~ 

CAL JET CHARTERS 
"De,," M 1ft .... ~ .. _ ...... - .... wttlll ell,,...... .............. 
l--..u flnt. 0.." .......... MIt at tIM .... ""Mlt • • " 
AC..L ~UQHTS YIA TRANS INTa ... IATIONAL AI .. WAYS OR 
SATURN AIRWAYI DC-I .UN ..... an Wlnt COMI"LIM.NTARY 
M.AU ANO .. VERAa .... 

One-way filgbts still available 
"'_.OM - ON. WAY - OAKLANOiAMsTK .. OAM 

"UN.,I ••• _ •• • _ • • ••••• ,, / ... . ... .... ... . __ , •• 
..... '" - OAKLANDlUVAIIIISTW: .. OAM 

KPTI! .... " _ . . ............ ... ' • ••• •• _ ••• • allls 
s'~er round-trw nights sttll ava1la.ble 

.... I" - OA ND/AIIST ... DAII 
IUti. , .... ...,.. I ••.••••••••• •• •.. .'_ • ••• •. .A2" 

.... .... - O,\t(LANDIAIItSTa .. DAM 
"UN. '~.M.U J .......... ... . . _ • •. • • -*2" 

.... U' - OAKLAflD/AMSTI:"DAIIII J 
IUN. 1J~""'M •• " I. . ............ __ ... .. _II" 

.... . M - ... fII YO"ICII.ONDOft 
"""'~11~.~~ .. . ....... ... ... . __ '" 

.... UI -O'-K&.AIID 
"""It 14-' UST H- . . .. .. . _ • .•.. •• _ • ... .• . __ 1M' 

..... 41·--.0A~~~'i2:ANQ.La .,AM(ftIlfOAM 
AUGUST ,:.! 11 •• • - .. . ... ... . . . .. ..... 

.... 14' -OAK'-'"DlAlllSftRDAIIII ( .. _ ........ , 
"-""Y.~~UST.' • _ ••• ••. _' ••• •• •... . .. . • ..&2M 

SPEt:IALI! INTER-EUBOPE STUDENT ' 
CHARTER FLIGHTS 

1ft c ..... MtItt-ft "I" CeI M ~ .................. .. f.ft ... 1~ 
........ ra' ................ " ..... _ I ...... T ....... (NINt" AtrlU, • . 
Ita, Af ..... Til"'.", a-, ........ l1lIMb ..... ,-.. (T" A .... ' 
............. ,,......,..... , 
CALL OR W"'T. NOW ~O" ~URTH." IN~O .. MATIO .. A"O 

A~ICATIDNS 
WRITE: c.lJet CIwWI PHONE: (415' 122-1434 
' f 21. G~ It. Dr (A~ 8 and 

San Fr8ItdIoo. c.. 84123 weekends) 
~ ....... 0 ..... _Ml' Ie ........... f_..,., ......... _ .... ,,_ 

........................ ,."' ... ., tIM UII. of e.,". 

i , 

.~ ••• ~" '. ~ .. ' ... " • a1"' ... ~.~. i"~ ...........•.. ~.~.. .. ·;-;m·~ .. ·•·· ~.~~ ............ ;: .......... ;o; ...................... ~.; •• ~.; ....... ;0;0;.;0;.;-;0; 
:::!'6!M • .»:~ ees'J.·-.- .~*:::*:::. ~ . .;.~~ .-, --~. .~: .. ~::-. ~::::::: .. :::::')S.:.:::::::::::::~::::::::::.:.:::.~;;;:;:!»:-=.:.'S:. 
. ~. . ~ ....... .-."..-.; .-. ~ . . '-.. . . ..-. ........................ -~ ......... . 

"It would be • diauter for the lmivenity .. u that this "civilized diacow-ae" Is preserved while 
institution of hJgber IearninI to become poIiUcbed action Is being taken. In the immediate question of 
in ita daily Ufe and itl course content... . war research, he believes that the special com-

Dr. Gabriel Jacbon, <lwirman of the San Diego mittee will come up with a satisfactory resolution to 
Division of the Academic Senate, declares his the question of war research. He points out that the 
greatest fear for the future of the university to be main question about defense contracts Is that of 
the division of the campus into political splinter funding rather than the nature of the research, al-
groupll To him, the question Is not so much one of though he expects ' the committee to provide in-
the reflection of political actions on outside society, fonnation on both problems. "In nine times out of 
but the preservation of an atmosphere In which ten the people who are actually doing it know damn 
people can talk to each other. well that they're not doing war research." He feels 

Jacison Woris Toward Civilized Discourse 
T"'ough Establishment of. Campus forum 

He agrees that there is a need for awareness of 
political issues. "The students have taken the initia-
tive in sensitizing the campus community to ex-
tremely important issues . .. and I'll do what I 
can ... to see that the Senate committee set up to 
study military-funded research brings in reports 
that can be acted on and represent some kind of 
concensus of the campus." But he desires that all 
factions stay "on some kind of civilized tenns. 
There 's a big price that's paid when you drop the 
civilized discourse completely. I'm very much 
afraid of the long term effects on the wounds to peo-
ple 's feelings ." 

that solving the funding problem may take about 
four years before all research can be transfered to 
non-military sources, due to political difficulties in 
funding. 

Dr. Jackson is also proposing the creation of a 
campus fonun-a town meeting arrangement 
bringing together the students, faculty and ad-
ministration to work on solutions for issues con-
fronting the entire community. 

At the same time, Dr. Jackson is working to see 

In all, he feels his duty as chairman of the Senate 
is to work to conciliate sides. "I would have much 
more to say and take much more definite stands 
about particular issues if I were .not chairman of the 
Senate, but I think this is an important and 
necessary function." 

Poll Finds Liberal . Faculty 
Campus Conservatives 
WASHINGTON - ( CPS ) - Most faculty change, where theyaredirecUy involved,you find a 

members are liberals on off-campus issues, but · very marked shift in orientation. 
conservatives on matters that relate to their own "There is a striking and clear shift toward a more 
positions, according to a study of 60,000 faculty conservative attitude where the faculty's self in-
members conducted by the Carnegie ' Conunission terest is Involved," he said. 
on Higher Education. . 82 per cent of those responding to the survey were 

The study, as reported by the Chronicle of Higher male, and 94.4 per cent were white. l.4 per cent 
Education, shows that while a majority of the were black, and 1.7 per cent were Orientals. 
faculty members favor either immediate with- By rank, full professors comprised 29.9 per cent of 
drawal or a coalition government in Vietnam, they the total; associate professors 22.1 per cent; 
take a very hard line when it comes to student assistant professors, 28.8 per cent; and instructors 
demonstrations. 13.8 per cent. 

Not only do they disapprove of disrupters, with Results show that most faculty members are 
76.1 per cent agreeing strongly or with reservations unsympathetic to changes in the university which 
that "students who disrupt the functioning of a have been proposed in recent years. 
college campus should be expelled or suspended," By discipline, faculty members In humanities and 
that "most campus demonstrations are created by social sciences appear to be more liberal than those 
far left groups trying to cause trouble." Ronald in the sciences. 
Reagan couldn't have said it better. Over 30 per cent of professors in sociology, an-

The study is currently being analyzed by thropology, social work, and English support im-
Professors Seymour Upset, Martin Trow, and ' mediate Vietnam withdrawal, while less than 10 per 
Everett Ladd. ' cent of the professors in Business, Home 

The American professoriate, said Ladd, "looks Economics, Physical Education, and Agriculture 
much more liberal than the general population or · think we should pull out now. 
than other professional groups on national and Professors in the humanities and social sciences 
international considerations. But when you shift to are also more likely to approve of "the emergence 
questions of campus demonstrations or educational of radical student activism in recent years ." 

The Triton Times is 5uppOt'ted by funds administered by 
the UCSD Communications board, and by self-
generated advertising revenue. Its operating budget is 
approved by the Com Board in the Spring Quarter of 
each academic year. 

. .. 

GULLS NEST 
TUESDAyS .... 

6;00 to 10:00 p.m. 

MUICM DlrU.ER , 60~ 
two beef enchiladas , 
beans , and fried r ice 
Happy Hour Margar itas 60~ 

WEDNESDAYS .... 
8:00. to 12:00 p.m. 

fOLK SINGERS "HOOT" - NIG~T 
Singers , Guitaris ts, 
Banjoists welcomed! 

THURSDAyS .... 
7;30 p.m. on •••• 

SPORTS, fiGHTS. AND OLD TIMt fiLMS 
Films on sports, surfing, boxing, 
Charlie Chaplin, Laurel & Hardy, etc. 

FRIDAyS· .... 
GIANT HAPPY HOUR 5:30-1:30 ·SATURDAYS .... 
Free hot hors d'hoerves, drinks 50~ 6'00 to 11:00 p.m. 
BEER DRINKING CONTEST 1:30 . (reservations in advance); COUNTRY fiSH fRY 
SHver Mug awards with french fries and tartar 

sauce 

/

1 ENTERTAINING NIGHTLY: All You Can Eat $1.5'0 
Laura Madero, san Diego's Beer 35~ 

--.!,olk singing sensation. TURTLE RACES It 1:00 
3595 SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 

(opposite Sports Arena) 
224-2705 

COME 'SEA HAW AU' 
$269 - 2 Weeks - 5 Islande -

All Airfare - Your Own Car 

2.Day Voyage on Schooner 

Join the student invasion of 
Hawaii on June 16 or August 25 
for two weeks ! Come fly with 
United Air Lines to Maui, Lanai, 
Hawaii and Oahu. This trip has 
been designed for college 
students and emphasizes ad-
venture, mobility and low cost. 
Every four students will have 
their own car and may follow 
their own whims. 

A major highlight of the trip 
will be two days and nights 
sailing aboard the schooner 
Viajero where you will see 
beautiful waterfalls and obscure 
beaches along the coastline. 
There will be camJH)uts on 
beautiful white sand beaches. 

The trip includes round trip air 
fare San Francisco/ Los Angeles 
to Hawaii and all Inter-Island air 
fare . The only additional cost is 
food. Numerous college students 
have signed up already at a total 
cost of only $269. Write today to 
Trip Director, Don Gardiner, 
P .O. Box 533, Aromas, Calif. 

Page 2 Triton Times May 29,1970 

'# 

40 Education AlJroad Candidates Chosen 
Exciting Ventures in New Centers Expected 

Chris Bibb 
8ta1r Writer 

Seniors were envying aopho-
mores last week at a reception 
for Education Abroad candidates 
and returnees. Ward Beecher, 
dean of international education, 
invited the 40 1970-71 cudidates 
to meet the 181968-69 returnees at 
an infonnal gathering at his 
home. 

Returnees reminisced about 
Dublin, Hong Kong, Padua and 
Goettingen while candidates 
talked of what they expect from 
new centers in Bergen, Norway, 
Kenya and Ghana. The students 
attend dasses just as the regular 
students of the overseas uni-
versities do, but the units trans-
fer to the UC system, and count 
as progress towards a UC degree . 
In addition, they llve in a new 
environment, understand a 
different people and learn by a 
new method, often in a different 
language. 

All the candidates share an 
enthusiasm for people and for 
lIdapting to a different way of 
life . "I'm really going with a 

complete blank," said Stephanie 
Harris, a Revelle science major 
who will attend Girton College, 
cambridge. She does not know 
anyone in England, but expects 
that the stories she has heard 
about the friendly English are 
true. 

UCSD is sending eight students 
to the UK, which requires a 3,0 
average and a major for which a 
tutor is available. The lack of a 
language requirement attracts 
some applicants to the UK and 
Ireland, but most find they have 
to take a fast course in word 
usage and pronunciation to speak 
like a native. 

The other study centers require 
a 2.75 G PA, but all are very selec-
tive since space is scarce and 
students are matched to schools 
with programs strong in their 
field of study. In the Orient, the 
Middle East and Africa know-
ledge of the language is not re-
quired, but crash courses for 
credit are helpful for enjoying the 
experience. Classes can be taken 
in the native language or in 
English. 

Geoffrey Walton, a Revelle 

Speaking of bloodbaths ... 

Blood Drive Peacefully Done 
In the midst of nationwide marches, vocalizing and destruction both 

for and against the war in Vietnam, attempts at more positive form~ of 
dissention have been ardently sought by all colleges concerned. In line 
with these attempts have been efforts on the part of the University of 
Maine and now UCSD in the form of massive blood donations for 
wounded U.S. servicemen in Vietnam. 

The blood campaign took place at UCSD, under the shadow of a 
threatened nurses' strike, on Thursday, May 21, in the Matthews 
Campus Art Gallery. Organized by Bud Korkowski and Larry 
Schourup (both seniors in Literature) after the University of Ma~e's 
drive on May 12 which sent 35 Air Force medics to Vietnam to deliver 
1000 pints of blood, UCSD's campaign set a goal of 150 donors. At last 
count, 100 donors did contribute, with few curious onlookers and no 
reported incidents. 

The Art Gallery was set up with desks, tables and a row of beds. 
Coffee and orange juice was also provided for those involved. 

Korkowski and Schourup's three objectives in organizing the drive 
were to oppose the war in Vietnam; to save lives; and to show that 
dissent can be positive. According to Korkowski, the effort was a 
"positive gesture against the war." 

The blood could be given on the donor 's request to either the Viet-
namese war victims, wounded soldiers, or to the University Hospital 
for poor patients. 

Because of Its announcements advertising war protest through 
giving blood the campaign ran into resistance from the 10 nurses from 
the San Diego Blood Bank, the only group approached which would 
consent to conduct the drive on a college campus. Most of the nurses, 
who have husbands in the Navy, refused to enter the Art Gallery until 
"Protest the War" was tom from the sign announcing the drive. They 
were afraid that marches, intimidation and rock throwing would 
ensue during the day and threatened to leave if any such incident 
occurred. At 2 p.m. when the drive was scheduled to end, the. nurses 
were anxious to leave and it was only through much persuading and 
some fast moving on the part of Korkowski and Schourup that the 
100th donor was hustled through the procedure. The one doctor with 
the nurses was, according to the drive's organizer's, "non-wmmital." 

The director of the San Diego Blood Bank, Mr. Erler, had told 
Korkowski and Schourup that requests for sImllar blood drives had 
been received from seven other campuses in the San Diego area and 
that a decision to offer their services to these schools depended on the 
outcome at UCSD. 

sophomore, has been to Kenya 
before, and will take an intensive 
course in Swahili to prepare for 
life at University College, Nai-
robi. The University of Kenya is 
styled along British educational 
lines. with each student assigned 
a tutor. 

Bob Barnhart, also from Re-
velle, leaves August 19 on a char-
tered jet with the candidates for 
Madrid and Goettingen. After 
studying Gennan for the first six 
weeks , Bob will major In physics 
and "get a new set of clarinets" 
for work on a music minor. 

In addition to the countries 
mentioned, students can apply to 
live in France, Israel, Japan, 
Lebanon, Sweden and in Mexico 
for a special two.quarter plan. 
According to Dean Beecher, the 
cost of the program has in-
creased with the increased fees , 
but is still well under the cost of a 
year at private school in Cali-
fornia . The estimated costs of the 
programs range from $1300 for 
Mexico to $2800 for Africa . It is 
estimated to include not only 
room, board and tuition , but also 
transportation , books, spending 
money and vacation travel. 

Travel to the centers is planned 
for the group, and there is usually 
an orientation session to start 
with . After that, an EAP student 
is just like any other, and that 

The students above aresomeoftbe44lucty partlc1a:Uts in UC's Edu-
cation Abroad Program. They will spend their junior year, in most 
cases, in a foreign university and receive full academic credit. 

gives him an inside view of his 
new home which the traveler 
cannot normally get. His UC 
adviser can help arrange trans-
portation home so that he is free 
to travel any way and as much as 
he likes before heading back to 
California. 

For the sophomores who ap-
plied last fall , it seems like a long 
time ImtiJ they board their planes 
this summer. But for the seniors 
who returned last fall, it was all 
too short a year . 

This year 's selectees are: 

To Lund , Sweden: Stanley 
Kaplan . 

to Bordeaux, France : Roby 
Doepel , Susan Halfon , Chris 
Oberg, Lucille Perkins, Nikki 
Saarinen, Neila English. Alter-
nates are Diane Bensmiller , 
Howard Clark, Theresa La Clair , 
Marc Rosaaen, Lila Steiner. 

To Gbaoa : Kathryn Reid and 
(alternate ) Frederick Barnwell. 

To Goettingen, Germany: Rob-
ert Barnhart , Maury Bramson, 
Richard Heaton, Frederick Holl-
mann, Richard Osborn, Bruce 
Wallace, Karen Wullich, Joseph 
Coha. 

To Jerusalem , Israel: Deena 
Bubis, Harvey Daniels, Michael 
Gold, Paul Kash. 

To Bergen, Norway: Robert 
Garvie, Susan Loffswold, Janet 
Tennp. 

To Madrid , Spain : Carmen 
Angeles, Kevin F etherstonhaugh, 
Por tia La Touche, Patricia 
Reyes, Ma r iaelena Salazar, 
Teresa Tieo, Kathleen Kitch. 

To Nairobi, Kenya : Sha rman 
Babior, Geoffrey Walton. 

To United Kingdom : Mark Al-
brecht, Barbara Barkovich, Ste-
phanie Harris, Kim Martin, Kay 
Miller, Patr icia Silva, Margaret 
Yao , Peter Love. 

New Radio Philosophy 

KSDT Expands Coverage 
Of Entertaining Features 

Jason Cathcart 
Staff Writer 

A news wire service, times for various campus 
groups to express their views, and special music, 
live concerts and folk shows are being planned for 
next year as part of what KSDT radio hopes will be 
a colorful , relevant, and much ,more functional 
program . Mark Elson, KSDT station manager, 
stated that what's in store next year is "a three-
hour daily program of all sorts of good things . We 
would edit and make the news more relevant to the 
people. We also plan to perform radio pla~s, 
something which wiJJ be dependent on student in-
terest and talent. " 

According to Elson, KSDT will have a tremendous 
concern for Third College and its students. He 
speculated that the station 's position stands to be 
very much influenced by Third College. In addition , 
Elson stated that "we have prepared an hour each 
week to interview, discuss, or solely air the views of 

various campus factions, The Young Republicans, 
SDS, etc. This Fall, also, KSDT will work in 
cooperation with KPFK and KPRI for news and 
musical benefits." 

It was revealed that negotiations have been un-
derway with the chancellor for an FM outlet for 
KSDT. Elson feels that " a lack of air time has 
prevented us from airing more avant-garde and 
classical music ." 

He declared, " In the future we 'll need a new radio 
philosophy to get it on. The old one just won 't work 
out. With our expected simulcast we 'll need 
students for radio positions to assist us." 

Next year's KSDT staff has also been selected. 
They are Mark Elson, manager ; Bruce Baron, news 
director ; Loren Zemencek, engineer. Vario'ls disc 
jockeys will presumably be selected during the 
summer or early next fall . Anyone interested should 
contact Bruce Baron at ext. 1156. 

A mlstres ... ? 
A '" ur de r S5? 

A te rr or lled vic t im? 

"Rider on 
the Rain" 

Ollege Bob Da~is Camlra Shop STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
7717 Fay 459-7355 EL CAJON BLVD. AT 63RD ST. • 286·1455 

Triton Times May 29, 1970 Page 3 



IAL 
,......r. "Y'1Met res-. 

.. alit... ........ ..jIAUM'" ..... 
~ ................ wrn.n. Celltrl .......... '" lie 
.,... .... 11 ..... :M. ............. TRITON TII\II_S.1U 
...... H.". UCSD. AN ceMrillllt .... MUST Inclucle til • 
• "'. Ad .............. Will"', ........ M ... ft will lie 

rlellt .. Hit ", • ..,lal Ie c_,ly wltll llile. lews .... s!NIc • 
U"'lt.t .... s. AutIIen .. "' ..... 1 •• SeIIt In ._y", •• ly tIIll 
quarter ........ JlUllli ...... m.y ..... u ..... ir ........ 1141 
... r ...... witll • sum",.ry Of .... t tMir lett ... uid for 
identific.' ion. Ie lie roc ... sidorecl. 

George Brown for Senate 
If there Is any hope left of working for 

change within the electoral process it lies 
in the election of senatorial candidate 
George Brown. His campaign, which has 
effectively become a referendum on the 
President's foreign policies, has inspired 
mass student support like none other 
since Eugene McCarthy (who has, inci-
dentally, voiced support for Brown). 

Brown has consistently opposed the 
war and related defense expenditures 
since 1965. At that ti me he said, "What we 
are being asked to do is to approve the 
policy and the actions of the administra -
tion in waging war in Vietnam. This I 
cannot do. Mr. President, you are on the 
wrong path ." On ttw same day (May 5, 
1965) his chief democratic opponent, 
Tunney, said "In my opinion , the slow 
and studied escalation of our military 
activities as directed by President John-
son is the only course of action open to 
us ... we are firm in our committment to 
South Vietnam because we are right." 

George Brown has voted against 
defense spending authorizations 14 times 
since 1965. He was the on ly congressman 
of more than 400 to vote against the 1967 
and 1968 authorizations. Brown opposes 
the draft and supports a volunteer army, 

if feasible. Otherwise he favors making 
local draft boards representative of the 
communities they serve. 

The other major issue of Brown's cam -
paign is the environment. In this area he 
is not merely a bandwagon politician. His 
concern, dating back to the '50s, has led 
noted ecologist Dr. Paul Erlich to say, 
"George Brown is the only candidate for 
the U.S. Senate who has taken a forth-
right position and leadership role in our 
fight to save the environment." 

George Brown was not even taken ser-
iously just a few months ago. However, a 
recent poll showed that he has now sur-
passed Tunney by three percentage 
points. Since the release of this poll it 
seems that Tunney has used increasingly 
unscrupulous tactics against Brown. 
While he currently runs behind his likely 
opponent, Senator George Murphy, the 
gains he has made thus far show that he 
can overcome this gap _ Brown can be 
elected! 

Many members of the UCSD com -
munity can v(lte . Those who can ' t can 
provide the grass-roots efforts that has 
proved to be so important. We urge that 
you do whatever you can to support 
George Brown for the U.S. Senate . 

The future of Campus Media 
The time of the year is upon us when 

the powers that be pass judgment on the 
budget requests of the various campus 
organizations they support. Among these 
requests is that of the Communications 
Board, which represents i ts member 
media the TRITON TIMES and KDST. 

This year , more than ever before, the 
future nature of communications media 
on this campus hinges on their decisions . 
While the TIMES has succeeded in 
publ ishing more issues and pages than 
ever before, very few people realize the 
strain under which we have had to 
operate. The foundations for a qual ity 
media have been built th is y~r, but 
unless the financial support of the 
campus is forthcom ing, all these efforts 
may go for naught_ 

The newspaper as a media has greatly 
expanded this year in more ways than 
one . First , there is the sheer quanti t y of 
production . By next year , the TIMES w ill 
be publ ish ing a larger paper tw ice 
weekly than it published weekly just last 
year . Th is is not stra in on the staff 
journal istically ; for coverage to keep 
pace with the campus, such an output is 
just suff icient, and our wri t ing staff can 
easil y hand le it. 

However, t here are other tasks in-
volved in the production of a newspaper , 
such as typesett ing and layout , that are 
purely mechanical and time-consum ing . 
Most papers, when they reach a certai n 
point in th o?i r development, have this 
work done oIt a professional print shop . 

The other area of expansion invol ves 
the conce"t al role of a cam pus 
newspaper . The function of pri or 
publicatiom on this campus was limi ted . 
On the one hand the amount of new') 
generated 01 the campus in ear lier years 
was not extensive enought t o warrant a 
large scal e comm ittment of resources. 
Furthermore and perhaps because of 
th is factor , pri or publications often 
existed for self -servi ng or pol itical ends . 

Wh i le many may question the overall 
success or quality of the TRITON 
TIMES, they should recogn i ze that this 
publ icat ion ex ists pr imari ly to serve in 
an informat ional capac i ty to the 
Univers ity commun ity . Although sub-
ject i ve cho ices i n coverage are 
unavoidable, a sincere attempt Is made 
to make this coverage as inclusive as 

Page4 Triton Times May 29,1970 

possible, and never subserv ient to any 
one interest. 

The main problem now is that we 
cannot achieve the goals of quality and 
quantity if weare burdened with a lack of 
resources. What it comes down to is this . 
Is the job of an editor-in -chief to sit at a 
Friden justowriter setting copy, or is it to 
be free to c.onfer with his staff? Should a 
managing editor spend his time cutting 
and pasting copy, or should he spend his 
time improving the layout style of the 
paper? Should the News Department be 
able occaSionally to send a reporter to 
Berkeley or UCS B, or should they rely 
instead on second-hand information? And 
should we lose some very competent 
journal ists because the job is so large and 
the salary so inadequate that they must 
get a part-t ime job? 

Many of us have made a sizeable in-
vestment of t ime and energy working on 
th is newspaper, at the expense of our 
stUd ies, sanity, and health . This was 
necessary th is year , a pioneer year , in 
order to prove our capabilities . We 
tolerated these conditions this year, but 
are not prepared to do so again . 

The budget we have proposed for the 
upcom ing year is one that would allow us 
to operate comfortabl y , but not ex-
cessi~e ly . It appears large, but only in 
re lat ion to what has existed in the past. 
The '70-' 71 request of $37,500 ca lls for only 
minimal expansion in production over 
this quarter . It does, however, allow for 
catching up to a level at wh ich a 
newspaper must operate if It is to have a 
chance of being a quality med ia . Once 
th is level is ach ieved , the growth will 
level off. Current projections call for a 
doubl ing of our budget over the course of 
a five year period, with a dany 
newspaper in 1975. 

A significant cut of th is budget would 
result in more than just tightening our 
belts or curtailing production . It would 
result in a loss of momentum that is 
cruc ial to a growing organization which 
seeks to attract advertisers and staff 
personnel . It would mean a continuation 
of the conditions of strain that would 
result in the loss of many diligent 
workers . 

continued on page 1. 

Penner States 
His Case 

s. s. 1', ••• , 
During the past month, I have been subjected at UCSD to libel, 

slander and harassment. My files have been broken into, a personal 
letter has been used and was illegally reproduced and distributed. I 
herewith present the factual information that may form the basis of 
the published lies and distortions. This type of information is available 
for the asking : it can be obtained without bullding occupations, illegal 
entry, threats, etc. 
1) Association with IDA 

I worked at IDA from September 1962 to April 1964, during a leave of 
absence from the California Institute of Technology. While at IDA, I 
was involved in technical problems relating to ballistic-missile 
defense \n my area of scientific competence: spectroscopic observa-
tions. 

Since leaving IDA in April 1964, I have served on panels dealing with 
ABM. These were sponsored by agencies of DOD and by the Arms 
Control and Disarmament Agency of the Department of State. It is my 
intention to continue service on ABM panels because I regard the 
existing " stability through nuclear deterrence" as a prime threat to 
the survival of hwnanity. The objectives of successful SALT negotia-
tions must be implemented and I can contribute to this end only if I am 
knowledgeable. 

I have never been a member of the Jason Division of IDA. 
2) " Tactical Rockets" 

From 1952 to 1967, I served as U.S. member of the Advisory Group 
for Aerospace Research and Development (AGARD) to the North At-
lantic Treaty Organization (NATO). This group was formed for the 
purpose of revitalizing the scientific and technological competence of 
Western Europe. In 1965, AGARD/ NATO sponsored a meeting at UC-
SO dealing with basic combustion and propulsion research. Prior to 
1960, I had been an active investigator in combustion research. I wrote 
the Preface to the book of the 1965 AGARD! NATO meeting at UCSD in 
June 1965 and am editor of the book, called " Advances in Tactical 
Rocket Propulsion," because I served as host for the meeting. 

In an economy based on the use of fossil fuels, there is probably no 
area of research more directly related to civilian activities than com-
bustion research. . 
3) U.S. Involvement in Indochina 

In my opinion, the catastrophic U.S. involvement in Indochina .. 
should be resol ved by inunediate withdra wal of all U.S. forces. 
4) The Journal of MissUe Defeose Research (JMDR ) 

The journal which I edited from 1963 to 1967 dealt exclusively with 
problems relating to the technical feasibility of ABM defense. The 

I creation of JMDR contributed materially to the subsequent educated 
: and open debate in the U.S. of technical difficulties inherent in imple-

menting an ABM system. With the help of a distinguished panel of 
I Associate Editors (including such outstanding spokesman in later 

years against ABM deployment as H. A. Bethel. I coUected compe-
tently-done scientific papers for publication in JMDR. 
5) The Personal Letter and AG ILE 

I served on an ad hoc committee (which was dissolved in 1969) as 
one of a nwnber of Wliversity scientists who were invited to conunent 
on technical support activities in a cOWl try other than Indochina. I 
consistently emphasized the importance of avoiding any type of U.S. 
presence in the area Wlder discussion. 
6) DOD Support for University Research 

The Wliversities have greatly profited from DOD and other federal 
sources of support. I have urged for years that our Wliversity adminis-
tration should (a) provide full state support for all faculty positions 
and (b) redistribute RAs and T As in order to lessen the dependence of 
particular disciplines on non-Wliversity fWlds. Research support that 
is inconsistent with Wliversity fWlctions should be terminated. 

History of Ph ilosophy Dies 
.Bln Mij.6kll"ic 

. Today the History of Philosophy died. The patient had been suffer-
mg for the past two years and after a long and tedious illness he finally 
succwnbed to internal disorders, described by the attending physician 
as "natural causes." (Of course, one often wonders if all destruction 
isn 't in some sense " natural. " I mean, it 's "natural" after all to die ~rom a .bullet in. the brain.) However, after speaking to the ~tient 's 
unmediate family and close friends, it was learned that two crucial 
factors brought about the end : first a failure to secure a vital trans-
plant of a major organ and secondly, but more intangibly, what can 
only be described as a failure of spiritual rejuvenation, dating back to 
a severe state of depression , beginning over a year ago. 

We c.annot, without considerable regret, help noticing that while he 
was ~hve the deceased actually and symbolically represented a kind 
of philosophy that, 50 years ago, constituted a major force and a 
powerful influence in his discipline. 

He was, as the trite but true phrase has it, " the last of a dying race. " 
As so m.any living t~ings are becoming extinct now, due to pollution 
and rapid technologICal advances, so has he given way to the modern 
analytic, business-like race of creatures that have come to dominate 
American Wliversities. He has been replaced by the scientist-philo-
S?pher , a no-nonsense sort of being, who with a kit of logical tools 
dissects, or rather vivisects, long.standing philosophical problems 
and solves them to the amazement of all concerned. 

.Alth?ugh he lived among us on this campus, and we often saw him 
With hiS slow and plodding gait, an old man bent with age or perhaps 
w:ho knows, with .the burden of the ideas of the ages, fe~ of us kne"'; 
hun ; and now, Wlth his demise , fewer still will be able to learn what. 
ever wisdom it was that he had to offer . 

In these times of daily cruelties that men equally share in it is 
perhaps of small consequence that such an individual has died And 
yet, perhaps, in another and deeper sense, it may be of the' first 
Significance that such a hwnan being, who never injured any fellow 
man- whether because of "political inactivity" or because of his pain-
staking and endless efforts to understand men and their Ideas without 
judging them precipitously- should disappear with so little' concern 
among us, who survive him. 

FWleral services will be some time next week. 

~ ........... ... ... ... ..... ......•.. ........ .... ... .• 
• • 

Functions of EDNA 
EDNA 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

· • 

· • 

During the pastfew weeks, the 2. Coun s elin g Services : 
: Information Center- ED-1 referrals : 
• NA- has become an important 3. Information concerning. 

and highly visible member of the conununity recreational events : 
UCSD community and has been I 4. Message relay service ' : 
used extensively to obtain aC-1 5. Helping people with comple- : 
curate information about mentary needs to arrange • 
university functioning. We would meetings (Le., the recent Peo-
like at this time to give some ple-to-People program) 
details about us which should Recently we have found our 
help you in using us as a service. name on many flyers and there : 

The information center began has been some confusion as to : 
operation on February.25, 1970. EDNA's relationship to various • 
Our nonnal operating hours are vents. In an attempt to clarify : 
from 8 a.m. until 10 p.m. Monday ur fWlction, we affirm that : : 
through Friday, and from noon 1. EDNA is to be used for in- : 

• until 5 p.m. on Saturday and formation oniy. Further, it : 
Sunday. However , during the must be clearly stated on all • 
campus crisis our hours were written docwnents that we are : 
extended from 7 a.m. until be- not sponsors of events. • 
tween midnight and 2 a.m. It is 2. We must be notified in ad-
hoped to increase EDNA's fWlc- vance that we are to be used so • 
tioning to a 24-hour service in the that accurate information can 
Fall of 1970. be relayed. : 

EDNA's flUlctlons include: If you have any suggestions as • 
1. Disseminating information to how we can be of further use to 
concerning campus events you, call 453-EDNA or ext. 1176. 

. 

•••••• • • ••••• • •••• • •• • ••• •• •••••••••• • •• ••• •• ••••• •• 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

, Wori for 'aner 
Editor : 

As a staff member of UCSD, I 
wish to express my views on the 
recent issues which have been 
raised on this campus. I feel the 
war in Viet Nam is immoral, 
much less the President's recent 
invasion into Cambodia . In ad-
dition, I am against any use of the 
University to aid the military in 
waging the war . 

In view of these convictions, 
one might well ask why I continue 
working for Dr. S.S. Penner, a 
man who has come Wlder attack 
on campus as being a war 
researcher. My answer to this is, 
as Dr. Penner's technical typist, 
all his research-related material 
comes across my desk. None of 
this material is classified and to 
the best of my knowledge, as a 
layman, none of it can be con-
strued as war-related . Fur-
thermore, following several open 
and frank conversations with 
him, I am convinced that he and 
his associates are not engaged in 
war-related research. 

Moreover , Dr . Penner has 
made considerable personal 
effort to conununicate with the 
students concerning these issues 

, including: making himself, has 
associates, and his facilities open 
to anyone for scrutiny ; 

· publishing a brochure describing 
the work being performed in 
IPAPS; and, attempting to find 
alternatives to DOD funding of 
this institute. I , therefore, feel the 
recent attacks against Dr. 
Penner are IUlwarranted, and am 
appalled that his fellow faculty 
members have been intimidated 
into silence. 

In recent months there has 
been an increasing tendency 
toward militancy on the part of 
war protestors. Breaking the law 
to make a moral point may be 
justified, and is often .effective. 
However, I don't think this ap-
plies to the recent sit-in 
demonstration that took place on 
Muir College on Monday, May 11, 
1970. As a witness to the 
demonstration, my reasons for 
these feelings are as follows : (1) 
although the demonstrators' said 
they were against war research, 
no one was able to define the 
term; (2) in an attempt to force 
staff members to strike, verbal 
threats were made; (3) physical 
force was used to remove staff 
members and students from their 
?ffices; (4) office equipment, 
mcludlng desks, furniture, and 
filing cabinets were wantonly and 
unnecessarDy damll8ed; and, (5) 
I~st and perhaps most 
disgraceful was the theft of at 
least $60.00 from a locked cash-
box kept in a locked desk drawer , 

both of which were forcefully 
opened. The money belonged to 
the staff members in IPAPS. 

Are these indiscriminate acts 
of physical and verbal abuse and 
burgulary a means to peace? Can 
they be justified? I don 't think so 
and I would hope that most of the 
University community would 
agree with me. 

Audrey Kappler 

i."ts ;. I;IIiput 
Editor: 

I wrote the enclosed letter to 
the LOS ANGELES TIMES back 
in early April when the Angela 
Davis case began heating up. The 
TIMES chose not to print it, but 
with the latest move by the UC 
Regents in that case, I think it 
has renewed pertinence, and so I 
am submitting it to you : 
Sir : ' 

I am a native Californian 
recently returned after a dozen 
years' absence to live here for a 
few months. But I wonder if I 
have returned home at 
all - after reading your article 
on Angela Davis, UCLA Chan-
cellor Charles Young and Regent 
John Canaday, I have begun to 
think that I may be Gulliver and 
this may be the land of Ulliput. 

Canaday's open and unem-
barrassed threats to " get" 
Chancellor YOWlg if he should 
ra tify the r eappointment of 
Professor Davis soWlds to me 
like nothing so Qluch as the 
procedures followed by Golbasto 
Gue, King of Lilliput in selecting, 
promoting and disciplining his 
royal ministers, by subjecting 
them to ridiculous and degrading 
stunts combining contortion , 
danger and an utter lack of 
principle : " When a great office is 
vacant either by death or 
disgrace (which often happens) 
five or six of the Cflnninlltes 
petition .the Emperor to entertain 
his Majesty with a dance on the 
rope, and whoever jumps the 
highest, without falling, succeeds 
in the office. Very often the chief 
ministers themselves are 
commanded to show their skill, 
and to convince the Emperor that 
they have not lost their faculty . 
FIUnnap, the Treasurer, is 
allowed to cut a caper on the 
strait rope, at least an inch 
higher than any other lord in the 
whole Empire." 

Canaday, obviously speaking 
for the Reaganlsb Regents in 
general, has said in so many 
words, really, that established 
academic procedures , 
professional standards of com· 
petence and performance, and 
the very intellectual principles 
that make a Wliversity, count for 
nothing when his imperial whim 

CLASS or 

Ecological War Crimes 
T. Schwartz and Marc J . Swartz, Anthropolllgy 

Excerpts from " Ecological Effects of the War in 
Vietnam," by Gordon Orians and E. W. pfeiffer, 
SCIENCE, Vol. 168, 1 May 1970. 

tremendous psychological impact upon the Viet-
namese people and has profoundly affected their 
attitude toward Americans. A farmer whose entire 
crop has been destroyed by herbicides, whose fruit 
trees do not bear fruit for 3 years, will inevitably be 
resentful." p. 553 

" However shrapnel will be a serious problem for 
the Vietnamese lumber industry for many years. 
Most sawmills report that they lose from 1 to 3 hours 
each day because shrapnel in the logs severely 

dama~es the saw blades." p. 547 
I have excerpted these statements not to join in 

the article 's call for more research on the ecological 
effects of the U. S. war in Vietnam or to deplore the 
use of herbicides, but to bear witness to the unpre· 
cedented scale of destruction of men and of the 
habitat on which their lives depend-ali this, in-
credibly, in the " defense of Vietnamese freedom 
and welfare." This war must end. No sanctimonious 
la bel can justify this crime against the peoples of 
Indo-China and against hwnanity. This war is being 
perpetuated by an ever narrowing "hard core" con-
sisting of the President and the military, driven 
hysterically by the threat of nullification of their 
military power. 

"Effect of 8-52 Bombing 

" The 500- and iSO-pound bombs dropped by these 
aircraft leave craters as much as 30 feet deep and 45 
feet across. Most of these are filled with water even 
late in the dry season ... A standard load for a B-52 
is 108 500-pound bombs of nearly 30 tons of explo-
sives .. . n one assumes an average of eight planes 
per mission, then one can estimate that about 
848,000 craters were formed in 1967 and 2,600,000 
craters in 1968. As one Vietnamese put it, we are 
making the country look like the surface of the 
moon." p . 552 
"Tigers, on the other hand, seem to have benefited 
from the war. In the past 24 years, they have 
learned to associate the sounds of gunfire with the 
presence of dead and wounded human beings in the-
vicinity. As a result, tigers rapidly move toward 
gunfire and apparently consume large numbers of 
battle casualties. Although there are no accurate 
statistics on the tiger populations past or present, it 
is likely that the tiger population has increased 
much as the wolf population in Poland increased 
during World War II. " p. 553 

I " It is evident that the defolia tion program has had 

Liberation by destruction leads only to destruc-
tion. We must abhor the use 'of freedom as a ration-
alization for violence. We call, instead, for an elec-
toral transformation based on the moral demand 
that the war must stop and that the enormous power 
of this country and of its governmental institutions 
be restored to men of peace and hwnan concern 
through our active and vigorous electoral choice of 
such m en . There are men of courage in our Con-
gress who have long opposed both war and injustice. 
Let us now support them and add to their nwnbers 
more vigorously than ever before. Let us bring our 
cOWltry back to life and not forfeit the real controls 
over its power to those who have long defended this 
war in the name of peace. 

is to fire Miss Davis because she' 
affronts his own neanderthal 
prejudices. And so Chancellor 
Young, like the wretched 
Flimnaps of Lilliput, is put on 
public notice that he must dance 
an irrational and Wlprincipled 
twle if he wants to keep his job. I 
wonder if the citizens of 
California will wake up in time 
an(l discipline the Ulliputian 
tyrants of the Board of Regents 
before they have turned ~e 
entire Wliversity, the State 's 
most valuable resource, and once 
its greatest pride, into nothing ' 
better than a preposterous and 
contemptible imitation of the 
Royal Court of Ulliput. 

Douglas J . Stewart 
Visiting Assoc. Prof. -

Uterature 

foreign Students 
Editor : 

The petition drawing attention 
on the hardships on foreign 
students created by the raise in 
tuition (see IT, April 3) was 
signed by 217 students and six 
hculty members. It was sent to 
Governor Reagan and the 
President of the University of 
California, Mr. Hitch, on April 26, 
by certified mail. 

As of today, we have received 
no reply from them. 

Those who want to follow up the 
question are invited to get in 
touch with Pradeep KUMAR 

(ext. 1006 or 453-6178). 
Paul Pupier Vlvek Samant 

International C ub 

facists, Radicals 
Editor : 

Nixon recently had a National 
News Telecast. Many saw it on 
TV. He strongly declared at one 
point that this nation is not in the 

. throes of a revolution. 
Marcuse, a year and half ago, 

was also in the news. On a TV..a 
interview, he also responded 
strongly at a similar point. 
Conditions, he sa id, in this 
country are not ripe for 
revolution. 

These two events strike me 
pungently. When an economist 
explains the economy, the clergy 
preaches theology or the prophet 
prophesies, they raise thei r 
voices with more certainty when \ 
their ground is shakey. If these 
two poles of ideologic difference 
can get together with such cer-
tainty and on such a point then 
surely any geologist could as well 
declare, "no earth tremors his 
year." 

Many radicals have decided to 
take their cause to the streets. No 
one has been listening to th word 
of omniscience, so ra.dicals will 
riot to a new degree. Let this help 
put Wallace in the White House. 
Nixon doesn't pack the pWlch . If 
the Prez can now arrange a war 

without a declaration, supported 
by speedless democracy, then 
surely Wallace could mold a 
fascist state, with much debate 
and little else. Then let the 
revolutionary radicals and the 
fascists radicals nullify each 
other. If there is any inheritance 
left after the dust clears, then let 
the meek pick up the pieces .. . if 
there are any meek. Meanwhile, 
let the meek find another pastime 
to supplement making babies. 
This is in hopes that over-
population will no longer be a 
factor in a revolting war, a 
famine, a revolving unrest or any 
other pestilent revolutions during 
the next go-aroWld. 

C.D.Becker 
Bio Med Ubrary 

triton tiines ' 
EOITOR. IN. CHIEIf ... . 1 •• Steve LanOlu 

HOWl 1'1* ........•• ROIl"" _lOy 
AlI«" " •• Itw ... . ••... 1 111 Alaoglu 
AuKi.teN .. ,E_fttr .4 . .. A. lchHeimUCf'I 
Ani"IM .... , IE_ ... · .... ,.,lIr SeI~ln 
Am Ulter .•. , ........... Jeff Fried 
"""' .. , .... ............ $ .... DorK~ 
MIt .... I ... E_ .... H.~ Gommon 
A"'MY" M ..... '"' . ',''''' .• M i lt. tU • .,er 
c:.y Efiler ••.•.••••• _ (hllCtl Gr.~.m 
__ ee.y •• _ ...... J09 I! ,.." 

.......,..~t ., ........ 1'\1. a. .ru hl", I 
E~"'i'l Au' ''aM ... ,.c.rl 0 Neibul"9« 
IWwertlll ... ...... ' .....• S-c.-
T~ T" ITO,. T'M55 it OffiCii ", rK09f'iIIrH . 1tu 
lupportH IS • "ucMn1 MwIOtHl' bY' tf'te 
Comm'!'"utions ao.rG Of fhe Unlvt'l'",lty Of,01I 
.. " I. . Un Ot.. Buildlne HID. ~tfMWs 
campus, L. JOIt I . c..llfornll . 920)7. PIlbt Ic..t.Of\ 
i, twlet' ..... 1' lilt TUftCNYI It'd Fr lo.vs 
WtrOUl" Jun .. S. "70 Ott IC" . ,.. .. 1«.'" In rMf"l 
1\ 1. I lelt.e "'". on tM _.". ,.. CemPvl For 
Ad.,....' i."" ,..,. aJl,... Xll1J: tar " ,IOf ia' 
or MWI ptt~e )C 10" 

Triton Times May 29, 1970 Page 5 



·Geor e Winnes' Death 
Seen as A Monk's Way 

J_ Call1cart , 
8aaff Writer ' 

(Editor'. Note: Moat of the senseless 
II'gumenta that riled over the method of 
death choIen by George Winne were 
emotional, aametimes insulting to those 
who listened, but mainly rooted in western 
consciencenea. ) 

A frightening majority have persisted in 
assuaging their consciences by declaring 
George Winne a pathological individual 
who suffered from severe mental anguish 
at best. 

ficult for the Western Christian COIlICience 
to lDICierstand. The prell spoke then 01 
suicide, but in essence, it is not. It is not 
even a protest. What the monks said in the 
letters they left before burning them.ee1vea 
aimed only at alanning, at moving the 
hearts of the oppressors, and at callillg the 
attention of the hearts of the oppressors, 
and at calling the attention of the world to 
the suffering endured by the Vietnamese. 
To burn oneseH by fire is to prove that 
what one is saying is of the utmost im-
portance. There is nothing more painful 
than burning oneseH. 

Others, more sympathetic, admitted 
that his death was not the most effective 
means to induce an immediate military 
withdrawal from Southeast Asia but that it 
reflected the importance of such a sen-
seless war being halted. Unfortunately, 
the war has continued and an alarming 
number of people have forgotten his death. 
Students en route to class have almost 
stumbled over the candles in the plaza 
marking his point of departure. 

"To say something while experiencing 
this kind of pain is to say it with utmost 
courage, frankness, determination, and' 
sincerity. During the ceremony of or-
dination, as practiced in the Mahayana 
tradition, the monk candidate is required 
to burn one or more small spots on his body 
in taking the vow to observe the 250 rules of 
Bhishu, to live the life of a monk, to attain 
enlightenment, and to devote his life to the 
salvation of all beings. One can, of course, 
say the same things while sitting in a 
comfortable armchair, but when the words 
are uttered while kneeling before the 
community of Sangha and experiencing 
this kind of pain, they will express the 
seriousness of one's heart and mind, and 
carry much greater weight. 

it PIIIom Penh'. Olympic 9ladium, BucIdIdst moots attend ali ..... Viet Coac ran,. 
suicide. Suicide is an act of seH· that the struggle for eqalityand freedom 
destruction, having as causes the you lead in lfinningham, Alabama is not 
following: (1) lack of courage to live and to really aimed at the whites but only at 
cope with difficulties; (2) defeat by life intolerance, hatred, and discrimination. 
and loss of all hope ; (3) desire for These are the real enemies of man - not 
nonexistence (abhaya). man himself . In our unfortunate 

fatherland we are trying to plead 
desperately: do not kill man, even in 
man's name. Please kill the real enemies 
of man which are present everywhere, in 
our very hearts and minds. 

An elaborate dirge has not been 
necessary to commemorare him. He was a 
student like the rest of us. His reaction left 
many regretfully concerned. The single 
tribute owed him is a clearer un-
derstanding of the particular method he 
chose. Bw-ning to death has always been 
misunderstood in Western minds. Suicide 
has constantly deprived capitalists of 
workers; it thus has always been 
discouraged. 

In a letter written by a Vietnamese 
Buddhist monk to the late Dr. M.L. King, 
an infonnative explanation of the seH-
inflicted burning was revealed. I have 
copied it. If George Winne was truthfully 
devoted to the Buddhist traditions and 
concerned foremost with his message then 
this letter has exalted his effort. If his 
method of death was intended to convey 
his message in a Buddhist-monk fashion, 
George Winne had chosen according to 
Eastern thought the most difficult of ways. 
To some there has been a triumph in his 
act, if not in the results, in the human will . 
The Buddhist monk, Thich Nhat Hanh, 
revealed : 

" The Vietnamese monk, by bw-ning 
hilnseH, says with all his strength and 
detennination that he can endw-e the 
greatest of sufferings to protect his people. 
But why does he have to burn himself? The 
difference between burning oneseH and 
bw-ning oneseH to death is only Ii dif-
ference in degree, not in natw-e. 

"This self-destruction is considered by 
Buddhism as one of the most serious 
crimes. The monk who burns himseH has 
lost neither courage nor hope; nor does he 
desire nonexistence. On the contrary, he is 
very courageous and hopeful and aspires 
for something good in the future. He does 
not think he is destroying himseH; he 
believes in the good fruition of his act of 
seH-sacrifice for the sake of others. Like 
the Buddha in one of his former lives - as 
told in a story of Jataka - who gave 
himseH to a hungry lioness which was 
about to devour her own cubs, the monk 
believes his is practicing the doctrine of 
highest compassion by sacrificing himself 
in order to attract the attention of, and 
seek help from the people of the world. 

"Now in the confrontation of the big 
powers in ow- cOWl try, hundreds and 
perhaps thousands of Vietnamese 
peasants and children lose their lives 
every day, and our land is unmercifully 
and tragically torn by a war which already 
is twenty years old. I am sure that since 
you have been engaged in one of the 
hardest struggles for equality and hwnan 
rights, you are among those who un-
derstand fully, and who share with all their 
heart, the indescribable suffering of the 
Vietnamese people. The world's greatest 
hwnanists would not remain silent. You 
yourseH cannot remain silent. America is 
said to have a strong religious foWl dation 
and spiritual leaders would not allow 
American political and economical doc-
trines to be deprived of the spiritual 
element. You cannot be silent since you 
have already been in action and you are in 
action because, in you, God is in action." 

" The self-burning of Vietnamese 
Buddhist monks in 1963 is somehow dif-

"A man who burns himself must die. The 
importance is not to take one's life, but to 
bw-n . What he really aims at is the ex-
pression of his will and determination, not 
death. In the Buddhist belief, life is not 
confined to a period of 60 or 80 years : life is 
eternal. Life is not confined to this body: 
life is universal. To express will by bw--
ning oneself, therefore is not to commit an 
act of destruction but to perfonn an act of 
construction, that is to suffer and to die for 
the sake of one's people. This is not 

" I believe with all my heart that the 
monks who burned themselves did not aim 
at the death of the oppressors but only at a 
change in their policy. Their enemies are 
not men. They are intolerance, fanaticism, 

~ictatorship , cupidity, hatred, and 
discrimination which lie within the hearts 
of man . I also believe with all my being 

Ocean As Sewage Dump Can Be Advantageous Or Harmful 
Most of the major concentrati~ns of people are near the ' 

ocean . These concentrations produce large quantities of 
wastes which must be put someplace. The ocean is the 
most obvious, simplest and most economical place to put 
them. It has the 'added attractions that its size makes it 
appear to have an almost infinite capacity for absorbing 
wastes and its opacity quickly puts them out of sight. 
These attractions are, however, very misleading. The size 
is only of importance if there is rapid mixing of the wastes 
with large volumes of water so that dilution can be ef-
fective . In many places the current systems in the 
nearshore waters tend to move in restricted patterns so 
that the volume of water with which the wastes mix over 
periods of weeks, months or longer may be relatively 
small. It is not inconceivable that concentrations could 
build up locally and have ecologically disastrous effects. 
They have not done so yet but then how many people 
twenty years ago thought they would in the Great Lakes? 

Ocean's Capacity Li.nlted , 

The fact that the WBstes are put out of sight does not 
mean that they will stay there , especially if they become 
involved in the biclogical processes in the ocean, and 
there are very fe\\ substances that do not become in-
volved. Because heavy 1II",t,,1 hm:J arc ne('p~sarv com-
ponents of many lib processes, organisms have evolved 
efficient mechanisns for obtaining them from the very 
low concentrations nQrmally present in seawater . Thus 
they are very effec :ive concentrators of these materials 
introduced as wa~tes , both radioactive and inactive. 
Because they have fats in their bodies, they selectively 
remove and concenlrate materials such as the chlorinated 
hydrocarbons (DDT and others) that are many times 
more soluble in fatty materials than they are in water. 
When a plant or animal that has already concentrated 
heavy metals or fat-soluble materials in its body is eaten 
by a predator, the latter often retains a large proportion of 
these materials that were in the prey 's body and in the 
process of consuming many prey can build up its body 
load several orders of magnitude over that of the prey. If 
it is in tlD'n fed upon by a higher predator, the con-
centration may again be raised by factors of hundreds or 

Page6 TrUo" TilTl~s . May2', 1970 

thousands. It takes very few steps in a food chain to go 
from concentrations in the water that would cause no 
concern to concentrations in the bodies of animals that 
can have serious physiological effects. 

If chlorinated hydrocarbons have been concentrated, 
these effects are often expressed, as they are in the case of 
the brown pelican on this coast,.in severe reduction of the 
reproductive. success of the species. These compounds 
have so far hit top predatory birds the hardest, but there is 
now convincing evidence from the coho salmon in the 
Great Lakes that predatory fish can also have their 
reproductive success seriously curtailed. The effects are 
insidious because they do not often have widespread 
mortality of adults and thus raise public alarm. Yet 
species whose reproductive success is consistently 
reduced are in more danger of extinction than those that 
suffer heavy mortality over short periods of time but have 
the capability of replacing the losses by normal 
reproduction. As the top predatory fish are often the 
favored prey of man, their extinction or contamination so 
as to become unfit for human consumption could have 
serious direct economic and other effects. 

Top Predators Vital In Food Chain 

In addition, there is limited, but increasing information 
about the far reaching ecological effects of removal of top 
predators. Dr. Robert Paine of the University of 
Washington has shown convincingly that if the top-
predatory sea-star is removed from the ecological 
community that inhabits the rocky intertidal, the com-
munity changes by loss of species and may become 
strongly dominated by a single species. There is a great 
deal of ecological work that indicates that such simplified 
communities are very susceptible to changes in the 
environment and may react violently to them, often 
showing what might be termed a " boom and bust" 
economy. The attendant overpopulation or mass mor-
talities can have consequences that are Wlpleasant at best 
and may be ecologically disastrous. 

The problems of oceanic pollution are not just those 
imposed by sewer outfalls. A large proportion of the 
chlorinated hydrocarbons and lead that reach the ocean 
do so through rainfall that washes them out of the at-

mosphere. They can get into the atmosphere anywhere 
they are exposed to it and they have unpleasantly long 
residence times there while being carried about by the 
wind systems. The advent of wide usage of tetraethyllead 
can be seen in the snows of Greenland; the fats of mid-
Pacific tuna and of antarctic penguins contain ap-
preciable amounts of chlorinated hydrocarbons. Thus, 
oceanic pollution is not entirely a local problem, nor even 
a problem within full control of the United States. We, as 
the major polluters of the earth, could go a long way 
toward helping in the reduction of present and potential 
threats posed by the addition of wastes to the ocean if we 
started to reduce our input, locally and on a continental 
scale. 

Better Methods Needed 

As we are Wllikely to give up such a convenient and 
economical waste receptacle as the ocean, what can we 
do·? We need to devise better methods of treatment of the 
wastes before they are committed to the ocean; methods 
that must include reduction of the content of solids, heavy 
metal ions, and various pesticides and other poisonous 
organic materials. Waste free of deleterious materials 
could even have beneficial effects if it raised the level of 
plant nutrients a moderate amount. The increased 
photosynthetic production might result in greater fish 
concentration and prodUction, at least locally around 
outfalls . In addition, we need greatly increased research 
on the short and long tenn biological effects of waste 
introduction and on the structure and dynamics of 
ecological communities that are not lUlder such stress. 
Such research will help us understand how the oceans' 
ecological systems operate and what we may be doing to 
them and enable us to predict the consequences of con-
tinued or changed actions. Perhaps the lJIost dangerous 
aspect of the current situation is that we-do not know what 
effects many materials may have ; what hazards we may 
be storing up by putting our wastes out of sight in the 
ocean . Hopefully, there are none, but few people were 
much concerned about the chlorinated pesticides when 
they were introduced. 

E.W.Fager 
Pro'es.or of Marlae EcololY 

By 
FanJa Jordan 

Three yOlUlg blacks, inmates of 
Soledad Prison, have been ac-
cused of fatally assaulting a 
prison guard. They presently 
face first degree murder charges 
in Salinas Superior Court in 
Monterey County, and possible 
execution in the gas chamber by 
the State of California. 

Mecha Elects New Chairman; 
Raps on Issues, P·olitic~, Stands 

By . . . The new Third College groups like the Chicano Federa-
Manuel de Jesus Hernandez ~anw Ized Ch

t 
Ican

t 
.0 grtouf

P, AnallsaChI~ , enrollees and their parents are of tion, MECHA central, and all 
. . . ., emus ge InpU rom a . 1- major importan ce to Miss college MECHA chapters, she 

El Movumento Estudiantll Chl- ~anos toward a construc,~lve Cardenas. She would like to stated, and further added, "you'll 
c.ano de Aztlan recently held elec- unprovement of ow- people. At establish communication lines never know when you'll need 
llons. An.a Cardenas, a sopho- the present MEC~A ~as between the students and the them." 
more Mwr student, was elect~d neglected the community, bemg parents "There is a need to On working with other groups, 
to t~e Chairmanship. Sh~ Will involved. prima:i1y with the . comm~icate to our padres y coalitions , the new MECHA 
preSide ~s the MECHA cha~an enactme~t o~ ThlI'd ~llege on madres the need for change. chairman said, "We should unite 
the commg sum~er and f~ll 70. campus, m direct actIOns. When Ther e hasn 't Decn enough in common goals to lessen or end ~a has been Involved In the asked about it, she rep~ed, " ME- communication with the 'amlUa, oppression , yet , although we 
Clncano cause for more t~an two CHA needs to establish more d c mmunity Chicano share a common oppression, ow-
years. She began h~r mvolve- solid ties with the commWlity, ~~~~~~n~ wiUoemPhasize the need cultw-es differ ; therefore, mutual 
ment ~t a loca~ San Diego school. also dir~ct involveme.nt, like in of MECHA to keep in touch with respect should always be a top 

Eqwpped WIth an already or- the barriO of San YSidrO." -"- priority. 
Despite the prison's history of 

acute racial tension, encouraged 
and engendered by authorities, 

·onJan .13, 1970,a racially mixed T H I R D W 0 R L D group of prisoners were suddenly 
released from protracted con-
finement in their segregated 
maximwn security cells out onto 1-~-~;'';;;;''~;'';;'';;''';;;'';;;;;;;;'~~~~;'';~-'';------iiiiIIii-~~~-:~1 

" All MECHA chapters should 
have a common ideology," she 
stated, " and here on campus we 
should strive for a centralized 
organization , with individua ls 
fully aware of ways to incur 
change. " a newly constructed recreation Supplement U.C.S.D. May 29, 1970 yard at Soledad. Prison officials "';~;;;;;;;' ____________ iiiiii __________________ " 

took no precautions to prevent 
the near certain eruption of 
violence amongst the inmates, 
except for the assignment of a 
single guard, armed with a 
carbine, to a position overlooking 
the yard. 

A scuffle broke out between two 
black and white inmates. The 
guard, known for his 
marksmanship, immediately 
fired foui times into the group, 
fatally wounding three black 
prisoners , all of whom were 
regarded as political activists, 
and permanently injuring a white 
one. It sholild be pointed out here 
that it would not have been un-
customary procedure to fire 
warning shots or to throw tear 
gas to quell such a minor 
disturbance. 

Justifiable Homicide 

exceed 2 1/ 2 years. Because he 
has consistantly refused to bow 
down to the brutal racism 
practiced within the prison (he 
was thrown into 2 years of 
solitary confinement for trying to 
integrate the TV room), because 
he refused to allow his and his 
brother's humanity to be so 
viciously extenguished\ he has 
disqualified himself for parole 
consideration. 

If convicted, ali three of the 
brothers face the death penalty, 
but in Jackson's case, the gas 
chamber is mandatory even if 
acquitted of the murder charge. 
Penal Code section 4500 metes out 
categorically the death penalty 
for any inmate serving a life 
sentence who strikes a " non-
inmate" and draws blood. 

On March 17, at the arraign-
ment, the Salinas Cow-thouse 
overflowed with supporters of the 
Soledad Brothers. Presiding 
Judge Campbell exhorted the 
spectators to conduct themselves 
"properly," by not sitting as if 
they were "in a pool hall or at a 
barbecue table. " 

ANA CARDENAS , newly elected 
MECHA chairman, directs a meeting . 
A sophomore, she expects to carry the 
Chicano cause into a broader per· 
spective. She plans to direct MECHA 
into a new political level. Behind her is 
Milan Lilac, currently up lor trial in 
San Diego Super ior Court. 

ISRAEL CHAVEZ inlorms MECHA 
members of Los 5iete de la Ra za at a 
r ecent meet ing . Founder along w ith 
lour other Chicanos 01 the chapter at 
UCSD, he will work di r ectly in the 
commun ity , He is presently i nvolved 
i n the Chicano Morator ium . 

Having attended the Chicano 
Youth Denver Conference , 
during Easter vacation, Ana 
Cardenas came back convinced 
that nationalism is the key to the 
liberation of the Chicano. 

"MECHA on campus is in need 
of redefining itseH," she ex-
plained . Unification and a 
common ideology should be part 
of MECHA. A need to make clear 
MECHA's role in revolutionary 
change was mentioned by her . 

" All Chicanos must involve 
themselves in regular rap 
sessions, where they can talk 
about what is in their mind, then 
a new state of mind, politically 
aware , will evolve, " so said Ana 
when asked about the Chicano on 
campus. 

" In order for those Chicanos, 
who are truly concerned, to reach 
a new state of mind, politically 
aware, they must read con-
stantly, talk with other Chicano 
organizers, parents, and read all 
Iiteratw-e on the Chicano move-
ment ," said Miss Cardenas. She 
objected to those Chicanos who 
think MECHA is all a game. 

On Jan . 16, the Grand Jury 
concluded that these killings 
were acts of , " justifia ble 
homicide. " Minutes following the 
public release of this decision , 
prison guard John V. Mills was 
found dead, apparently the 
victim of a beating, in a separate 
wing of the prison. 

After eight days of intensive 
interrogation of all 146 prisoners 
in the wing who were at the time 
isolated and under extreme 
pressure in solitary confinement, 
the prison officials emerged with 
the men they adjudged to be the 
guilty ones ; George Jackson, 28, 
John Clutchette, 23, and Fleeta 
Drumgo, 24. All three are well 
known for their political 
organizing within the walls of the 
prison and for their discussions of 
self-determination and people 's 
government. 

Chains and Shackles 

The defense counsel moved 
that the chains and shackles 
which bound wrist, crotch, and 
ankles of the defendants be 
removed during the court 
proceedings. This motion was 
summarily denied . A motion was 
filed to dismiss the charge$ 
because of the unconstitutionality 
of the racially and socially biased 
Grand Jw-y which handed down 
the indictment. 

Israel Chavez Leaves 
Over the summer Ana expects 

to involve herself in the Chicano 
community, conduct UCSD/ ME-
CHA meetings weekly , in 
preparation for the orientation 
for the expected Chicano students 
in Third College and to be in-
volved politically in the com-
munity. She would stress cam-
paigning for anti-war candidates, 
pointing out the high mortality of 
Chicanos in the front lines : 19 per 
cent. 

Drumgo and Clutchette have 
been in prison for 5 and 3 years 
respectively, both on burglary 
charges. They were being "Con-
sidered for parole this spring 
with excellent chances for 
release. George Jackson however 
has been at the mercy of the 
California Adult Authority (the 
prison parole board ) since his " 1 
to life" sentence for second 
degree burglary. He has spent 
the last ten years of his life in 
prison, though the average time 
served for this charge does not 

After discovering that the state 
had transported all of the Soledad 
witnesses to other state prisons, 
witnesses whose identities were 
concealed, rlefense counsel also 
set a motion to gain access to all 
the pertinent information being 
withheld by prison officials. All of 
these motions were denied by the 
court . In the meantime, the wing 
in which the alledged crime was 
committed was completely 
remodeled. On March 27 the 
defense again brought forward 
these motions and the motion of 
discovery was finally granted. 
continued on page 9 

By 
Manuel de Jesus Hemanrlp.7. 

" Until Chicanos establish their 
identity, then they will be able to 
move into political action," so 

·stated as advice Israel Chavez, 
previous Chairman of EI 
Movimineto Estudiantil Chicano 
de AzUan , who will now work 
directly with the Chicano com~ 
mWlity. 

Carnal Chavez, along with four 
other Chicanos , founded the 
MECHA chapter on campus, 
previously known as The Batos 
UlCOS. He was Chairman in the 
Fall of '68, Winter '69 and Spring 
'70. His major was economics, 
but he has withdrawn from school 
until a later time, feeling that the 
Chicano community demands 
more work. 

Mr. Chavez now expects to help 
the political education of the 
0>kano commlUlity as a member 
of the Brown Berets, a Chicano 
militant group. He will also work 
co-jointly with the Raza Unida 

You're All Invifed 
Party, formed at the Denver 
Youth Conference this past 
Easter vacation. The party will 
only back up Chicano politicians 
that are responsive to the com-
mWlity. The trial of Israel Chaves, 

founder and former Chairman of 
UCSD MECHA, will begin on 
June 22, 1970. Israel was arrested 
on May 29, 1969 for the fire 
bombing of the Community 
Action Eouncil Office on 1808 
Logan A venue which occurred on 
the evening of May 25, 1969. The 
charges against Israel are one 
felony count of arson and one 
felony count of posseSSion of 

CHICANO MORATORIUM 
Saturday, March 30, 1970 

MEMORIAL DAY 

flammable materials. An appeal 
was made on the constitutionality 
of the procedw-e of the Grand 
Jury indictment without success. 
After several postponements 
Israel will finally go to trial on 
June 22 at Superior Court, 3rd 
floor of the San Diego COWlty 
Cow-thouse at 9 a .m. A MECHA 
spokesman indicated that the 
presence and support of all inter-
ested people is needed. 

Israel believes that political 
action is ultimately where it is at 
and not for " the Chicano to stop 
at the level of a cultw-al iden-
tity. " 

Active in the foundation of the 
Third College, Israel , through his 
experiences feels that the 
bureaucratic machinery has co-
opted much of the spirit in the 
concept. A great loss to the co-

March : Assemble at noon at Horton Plaza, 3rd and Broadway. March 
down Broadway to Chicano People's Park. 

option was that Third College lost 
prospective faculty "which would 
have built up the individual 
departmen ts themsel ves," At 
present there seems to be some 
trouble in their consolidation. 

According to Israel , " they got 
hlUlg up in the budget committee ; 
who weren 't able to act decisively 
and the prospective applicants 
went somewhere else." 

Yet , he is optimistic about its 
opening next fall , even though, 
according to Israel, the college 
will function with a minimwn 
faculty staff. 

When asked whether he saw it 
as a success in the future, he said 
that the basis for judgment would 
lie on how many politically active 
people it would turn out. "Only 
until then can we evaluate it, " he 
followed. 

Looking ba ck on his par-
ticipation in MECHA, he com-
mented on how he leaned toward 
political activities, with a minor 
emphasis on cultural events . He 
now feels that perhaps that was a 
wrong priority, because he feels 
that MECHA has not laid the 
cultural base for Chicanos to 
" stand on." 

He, as most leaders give to 
their successors, had some ad-
vice for ways of improving the 
organization . He said, " MECHA 
should re build its cultural 
foundation on the basis of th true 
role of the Chicano in the history 
of AzUan ." AzUan being made up 
of California, Colorado, Nevada , 
New Mexico and Texas, also the 
legendary land from whence the 
Aztecs migrated to Mexico. 

She urged all Chicanos and Chi-
canas, " who really care and are 
not 'tio tacos, ' to involve them-
selves in the community during 
summer." She said, " Let's put an 
end to business-as-usual ," 
referring to those who expected 
to take pleasure trips dw-ing the 
coming vacation. 

LU MUMBA.-:zAPATA 
Sponsors 

Five Films of Real Gravity 
Los Siete 
Guerrilla en Venezuela 
San Francisco State Strike 
I am Joaquin 
The Invisible Minority 

Sui:. I pm May 31-USB 2722- $.75 
He al 0 would like to see " in-

creased community involvement 
through such functions as the 
Chicano moratoriwn La RAZA 
UNIDA PARTY." Israel w-ged 
the establishrr.ent of direct lines 
of communication between Third 
College and the Chicano com-
munity. 

Brother Chavez is currently up 
for trial. He is ~ing charged with 
arson and poss(ssion of flamma-
ble materials . The trial will take 
place June 22, third floor of 
Superior Court in San Diego at 9 
in the morning. An lDvltatlOn was 
cordially made by him asking 
people to attend and .. 
"American justice in action ." 

In Memoriam for the 8,000 Chicanos who have died in th war 
In Memoriam for the 1,000,000 Vietnamese dead . . . 
In Memoriam for Jackson and Kent State students dead ... 

Triton Times May 29, 1970 Page 7 



EDITORIAL 
Third World groups have been striving for self-deter-

mination for a long time. The struggles have been an up-
hill climb. Many Third World members have given up 
their lives so that future generations may not suffer the 
racism and exploitation that was much a part of former 
generations' daily lives . It was because of those indi -
viduals who gave up their lives that what few of us there 
are, are in college today . Their ultimate sacrifice is part 
of your education . Because you know darn well that the 
government is not financing your education because it 
cares for you! 

A people's struggle is what has gotten you into college. 
It was these people that were able to see the oppression 
in which we live. Or have you forgotten the dirty streets, 
the racist policemen, the high food prices , the high 
credit rates, the racist employment practices . Or have 
you forgotten the derogatory terms that were flung at 
your fathers, mothers, brothers, and sisters : nigger, 
dirty Mexican , kook, half-breed? Or have you forgotten 
the time you needed a doctor and d idn 't have the money 
for one? Or have you forgotten who is the backbone of 
the Vietnam war? Chicanos and blacks comprise about 
half of the front line casualties in the United States' 
agressive war . A war that is being perpetuated by the 
racist U.S. government against a people of color. 

Organizations exist on campus that are doing some-
thing to institute progressive programs to alleviate the 
conditions in our Third World communities . They are 
the Black Student Council , EI Movimiento Estudiantil 
Chicano de Aztlan, and the United Native Americans. 
They exist to help their people to end their oppression; 
to make our communities more livable. They are open to 
all Third World students . 

There exist on campus members of the Third World 
who are enjoying an education'Jained through the 
blood, imprisonment, and sufferin of Third World acti -
yists, and go on unconcerned abo their responsibility 
to their people . It seems as though their thinking con -
cerns TH E I R security on Iy . They have forgotten about 
their people. It is sad that while Third World communi -
t ies suffer oppress ion and repression, they sit back in an 
aura of apathy . 

Our communities demand attention, improvement. 
Yet some of us sit back and enjoy the luxuries of a 
college life, think ing that that will solve the problems at 
hand. It was not through apathy that Third World 
leaders were able to pressure the government, so that 
some of the money we pay in taxes be put back into our 
communities·. 

Is it not about time that YOU, as a Third World 
member, got yourself involved, putting aside the apathy 
that is denying Third World people their right to deter· 
mine their own destiny? 

CHIEFSOF STAFF 

Manuel de Jesus Hernandez, Contributing Editor 

Marta S.llinas 
Elisa B:ttmann 
Aida B);,nco 
Rosalla Muhlback 

Photographer 

Benjamin Cil3."e .. 
Fanta Jordan 
M4riaelena Salazar 
Daniel Georgi 

Carmen Nevarez 

The Third World segment is an effort by in terested 
students in communicating items, events, and ideas of 
particular interest to the Third Wor ld. In its contents, 
the segment holds complete responsibility to the in . 
dividuals producing it. The views expressed on pages 5.8 
do not reflect the views of the Tr iton Times staff or the 
student body as a whole . 

Page 8 Triton Times May 29,1970 

School's T rack'ing System 
'Holds Back Students 

By 
Rosalia Muhlback 

Black, Brown, Asian, and American Indian 
parents believe their children will be able to get a 
good education and make a better life in the land of 
opportwlities; but they know little about the 
''tracking system," until it is too late. 

What is the " tracking system?" Since 1960 there 
have been two standard "tracks" in the schools of 
California. One is for children who are considered 
"coUege material," the other for those who are " not 
academically inclined. " If the child is placed on the 
"coUege" track, he will be in a classroom with 
others who are headed for college. 

If the child is placed on the "vocational" track, he 
wiU be taught differenUy, by the teachers who know 
that he is not likely to go on to coUege. Once he is 
placed on this track, he hasn't much chance of 
getting off. 

Why is there a tracking system? In America 
today, the nwnber of good jobs is limited, and there 
are many jobs poorly paid. If all were educated, it 
would be hard to find people to fill the poorer jobs. 
Also, those with good jobs want their children to 
have them, too. But in a fair competition for the 
jobs, privileged kids of average ability would meet 
better prepared working-class and Third World 
kids. The tracking system helps only those children 
in middle class homes. 

Very early in their school careers, children are 
placed on their respective tracks on the basis of 
seemingly "objective" reading and I. Q. tests. 

The tests are given in English. Of course, a child 
who has just learned the language will not do as well 

on them. One result is that many nonna! foreign-
language speaking children have been shunted into 
classes for the MENT ALLY RETARDED. Recently 
in one such class, all of the Spanish surname 
children were retested in Spanish. The results 
showed that 45 per cent, almost half of these chil-
dren, were of normal intelligence or better (SAN 
FRANCISCO CHRONICLE, January 24,1970) . 

"One child who was tested in English and scored 
an I.Q. of 67," wrote the CHRONICLE, "was re-
tested in Spanish and lICOI'ed an outstanding I.Q. of 
121, well above the average quotient of 100." But 
still there are no plana for WIing Spanish IQ tests 
throughout the school system, since the district gets 
about $550 extra a year from each child enroUed in 
"mentally retarded" classes. One doubts the sin-
cerityof elected officials in meeting the needs of 
minorities. 

Even if a brown child spoke English perfecUy , the 
" intelligence tests" would still ~iminate ag~st 
him, since questions refer to things that a chlld 
living in a higher income city neighborhood is more 
likely to know about. . 

Coming right down to it, IQ tests measure mcome, 
not intelligence. It may be news to some parents 
that the IQ tests discriminate in this way, but tea-
chers, professors and testers have known it all 
along. 

In theory , it is possible for a child to get into the 
coUege track, even if he starts on the lower trac~ . 
But it is very difficult , especially when the Cab-
fornia system in the past has been insensitive to the 
cultures of Third World students ; for those IQ tests 
are nothing but the culture of a people, they do. not 
reflect the cultures that make up the American 
nation. 

... Solving the Problem 
By 

Rosalia Muhlback 

EI Movirniento Estudiantil Chicano de Aztlan, 
here at UCSD, is aware of the negative aspects of 
the "tracking system." Two years ago, under the 
directorship of Miss Estela Chacon, Chicana 
counselor, a committee was enacted by ChicSflos to 
counsel at the local Chicano high schools. 

Last swnmer, many hard-working students went 
personally to speak to students who had been 
channeled into vocational trades. In the tracking 
system, students are channeled to the academic or 
vocational studies. Most Chicanos wind up in the 
vocational. They went in an effort to break the 
vicious cycle of the system. In their efforts, they 
spoke to students and made them aware of their 
academic capabilities. With their talks, they were 
able to inform them that college is for"those who 
want to learn, and not only for those who have the 
financial resources. Many showed a new vigor and 
spirit to educate themselves. 

At that time, the committee was allocated $1,800. 
Many recruiters were Chicanos. They were able to 
reap the fruits of their labor, when they successfully 
encouraged Chicanos to attend college. Most of 
them had been victims of the tracking system. 
Some were out of school, others held poorly paid 
jobs. 

Presently, the recruitment program is active and 
well organized. In the past, field trips ha ve been 

"Si46t ttJ~ttt ' 
Shoot a Black 
Shoot a Black 
Shoot a Black in the back 

Watch him die 
Watch him die 
See his face turn green 
Sitting by him 
Reading your books on racism 
and castigating wrongdoers 

Watch him move, stretch and die 
Move on you're late for class 

taken to the various high schools, in an effort of 
reaching and encow-aging Chicanos to continue 
their education beyond the 12th grade. The students 
involved in the program feel that productive and 
constructive things have come out of it. They have 
emphasized that dropping out of school is not the 
answer, that, on the contrary, it only hw-ts them. 

Tours have been conducted at UCSD throughout 
the quarter. You have, perhaps, seen some cute, 
innocent looking kids on campus asking you how it 
feels to attend the University . 

When these students came on campus, they were 
able to witness that other people of the same color, 
were attending UCSD. They, too, had been victims 
of the tracking system; yet, now they are 
struggling, but not giving up. To the viSiting stu-
dents, this was an encouragement, or so they in-
formed their guides. 

The students involved in the program are also 
going to the local high schools and helping 10th and 
11th graders to choose courses in preparation for 
college . Enthusiasm can be seen in their eyes, 
probably, because they see that somebody cares. 

The recruitment committee on campus is not an 
isolated case, other colleges and universities are 
working to cw-e the ills of the " tracking system." 
When asked to comment about the progress of the 
program on campus, Miss Chacon expressed very -
optimistic views. That is what Third World commu-
nities need : people who care. 

••• a Quofe 
Recently in Georgia 

Gov. Lester Maddox, in 
a speech to the State 
Peace Officers 
Association , declared : 

Got to pass that exam; got to get a degree 

" This is war. So when 
you're in the field of 
battle and someone 
shoots you down, on the 
way down - if you get a 
chance - you kill 'em, 
don't you? ... I'm sick 
of cowards. I'm sick of 
fence-straddlers. We're 
in a war, and a war at 
home. " 

How else can you solve the race problem 

Watch them cry in grief 
They must have taken up drama 
'cause they do act like it's for real 
Move them out 
They're interfering my act, on my stage 

Manu el de Jesus Hernandez 

It might have been 
pointed out to the 
governor that not one 
policeman w~s touched 
by gunfire in Atlanta , 
and none of the six 
blacks ki11ed were 
carrying arms . 

Chicano utist demonstrates that not 
only is he good at painting. but thilt he 
is also quite a guy in acrobat ics. He 
was part of a Chicano group calling 
themselves Tollecils de Azllan, who 

displayed their works in 406 Me. 
Workshops were held that day to 
discuss tutoring facilities on campus, 
and attendanTS had the opportun i ty to 
enjoy an art show. 

Jordan Trial Summarized 
By 

Martha SaUnas 

On Monday, April 20, 1970 :sam 
and Fania Jordan were 
rearraigned in the San Diego 
County Superior Court on 
charges relating to incidents 
which occurred on the evening of 
November 17, 1969. 

Very little was accomplished at 
that cow-t appearance due to the 
fact that the transcript of the 
Grand Jury indictment had not, 
as yet, been received by the 
court, nor by the defendants or 
their lawyers. 

The Jordans were however 
rebooked, " for the record, " 
because the charges were dif-
ferent from those for which they 
had been arraigned previously. 
Sam was charged with 10 felony 
counts and Fania with 8 felony 
counts ranging from assault with 
a deadly weapon with intent to 
commit murder , to preventing a 
peace officer from performing 
his lawful duty. 

The proceedings were can-
celled until the following Monday 
at which time again the tran-
sCript of the Grand Jury was not 
available, but . Sam's bail was 
lowered to $1 ,000 from $3,000 ; 
Fania is out on her own 
recognizance. The proceedings 
were postponed until Monday, 
May 4. 

Judge's Opinion 

The foUowing are the facts of 
the incidents of November 17, 
together with excerpts ftom 
Judge Staniforth's opinion on 
March 20, 1970, at which time he 
dismissed all the charges against 
Fania Jordan and at the same 
time dismissed all but two of 
Sam 's charges: 

At approximately 1l p.m. on 
the evening of November 17, 1969, 
Fania Jordan was stopped by two 
police officers, James T. Palmer 
and Bert Moorhead, while hit-
chhilring at the intersection of 
Highway 101 and 27th Street in 
Del Mar. When she was first 
asked to identify herself she 
refused but later she complied 
with the request of the officers. 

In the opinion of Judge 
Staniforth he states, "From the 
facts at this point in the tran-
script, it would appear that there 
was no basis for fw-ther detention 
of Fania. unless some other fact 
developed and the record in-
dicates no further facts to raise 
any suspicion of any wrongdoing 
on the part of Fania either past or 
in prospect ... Thus, this Court 
is prepared to hold that there 
was , under present standards, no 
basis for the police officer to 
temporarily detain Fania against 
her will . 

It should be noted further that 
Fania did, although angry and 
hostile, identify herself and did 
indicate her occupation and the 
natw-e of the activity in which she 
was engaged, to wit : She gave 
her maiden name, stated that she 
was a UCSD student and was 
hitchhiking to visit a friend . 
Thus, it does not appear to the 
Cow-t that there appeared at the 
time any probable cause to arrest 
Fanla for any violation of the 
Penal Code 11647(e) ." 

At this point the facts became 
more involved. Sam arrived and 
silently took his wife by the hand 
and headed towards his home. 
After having walked about a 
block the officers told them to 
stop and proceeded to question 
Sam about his identity. 

Officers Violated 4th Amendment 

In the opinion of Judge 
Staniforth, at this point , 
" ... und~r the Henze (People v. 
Henze ) standards, no right to 
detain either of these parties then 
existed." Fw-thermore, the of-
ficers continued to question Sam 
and finally attempted to " frisk" 
him. Judge Staniforth stated that 
" the officers, as this cow-t has 
hereinabove found, were guilty of 
at least two invasions of defen-
dant 's Fourth Amendment 
constitutional rights. " ( The 
Fow-th Amendment guarantees 
the right of the people to be 
secure in their persons, houses , 
papers , and effects, against 
unreasonable searches and 
seizures.) 

Sam and Fania continued 
walking home with the police 
officers in pursuit. Upon reaching 
the home of the Jordans , ap-
proximately 2 1/ 2 blocks from 
the place where Fania was first 
stopped by the officers, Sam 
showed the officers sufficient 
identification. The officers 
however continued to try to 
arrest Sam, a scuffle ensued 
which resulted with one of the 
officers firing five shots at Sam 
from approximately nine feet. 
One of the bullets wounded Sam 
in the Shoulder. 

Shots Deflected 

Meanwhile Fania succeeded in 
hitting the peace officer's firing 
arm so that the last three of the 
five shots were deflected on the 
wall. 

Believing that Sam bad a 
loaded shotgun in his possession 
the two officers left the house. As 
they ran from the house they 
heard two shotgun blasts. Sam, 
who was bleeding from his 
wound, went to his neighbors 
house t nd together they 
tel phoned for an ambulance 
which never came so the neigh-

'CAPITALISM VS SOCIALISM 
By 

SemaZahawl 

Today there is much contro-
versy as to whether a " plan-
ned" economical system or a 
"free enterprise" system would 
be more efficient. A compli-
cating factor of this controversy 
is the choice of a supplementary 
political system; so that the 
problem is essentially that of 
choosing a combination of each 
that would be most efficient . 

We are often told that if we 
abandon capitalism for social-
ism, we will lose democracy, 
individualism wiU deteriorate 
and the people will become 
slaves of the Government ; ' 
there will be no incentive in our 
lives. Let us take another, more 
probing analysis of this contro-
versy to see whether or not 
these argwnents are valid. 

The theory of democracy is 
based on the principle of 
majority rule with protection of 
minority rights; a translation 

' from Greek meaning "people 's 
rule." Capitalism, conversely, 
is based on the principle of a 
powerful ruling minority over 
the majority . By logic it is ob-
vious that both cannot exist 
simultaneously due to the 
principle ' of contradiction. Of 
course, we hear that everyone 
has a chance to become a 
member of the ruling class, 
through the purchase of shares 
if not actually through owning 
his own business. 

The truth is that the son of a 
Rockefeller has the chance to 
expand his empire due to the 
power behind him. At the same 
time, a son of a low income 
family generally doesn't even 
have the chance to finish school 
because he usually has to drop 
out to help support the family 
and a college education is too 
costly; or he does not have the 
needed qualifications for 
college due to the inferior 
education he previously has 

bor drove Sam to Scripps 
Hospital , where Sam was later 
arrested. The following morning 
Fania was arrested at the home 
of Mr. and Mrs. Barry Shapiro. 
Sidney Glass, a friend of the 
Jordans, was also arrested with 
Fania. 

Sam and Fania were each 
charged with two counts . of 
assault with a deadly weapon and 
attempted murder . Sidney was 
charged with harboring a fugitive 
and with accessory to the charges 
on Sam and Fania. At the time 
they were arrested neither Fania 
nor Sidney were aware that 
Fania was a " fugitive." 

Insufficient Evidence 

I'n his final opinion Judge 
Staniforth ruled that , " this Court 
will hold that there is no suf-
ficient evidence in the record to 
hold Fania Jordan to trial for any 
felony offenses as here charged 
in the indlctment. Moreover , the 
Court finds that there i not 
sufficient evidence to warrant 
holding Samuel to trial for the 
assault with a deadly weapon on 
the police officer that aile edly 
occurred within the hou , the 
showing being that th w apon 
was an unloaded weapon and no 
showln as to th exa t natur of 

received. For proof of this one 
need only to check the results of 
recent reading tests to find that 
the reading ability of students in 
the central part of Los Angeles 
was very poor in comparison 
with the reading ability of 
students in West Los Angeles. 

Not All Get Chance 

No, not everyone has a 
" chance." This is a competitive 
society ; therefore it is 
necessary to crush as many 
.,eople out as possible so that 
the ruling class will keep its 
monopoly of power. As far as 
the ownership of shares is 
concerned, out of 250 million 
Americans, only 24 million have 
any kind (from 1 share and on ) 
of investment in American Big 
Business- this is 9.6 per cent of 
the total population. The laws, 
which are supposed to be based 
on the democratic principle, are 
in actuality rules set up by the 
ruling class (through controlled 
politicians) to protect their 
power. 

Our laws are based on private 
property and the ruling class, 
whose interests are maintained 
through these laws, control the 
politicians and thus the govern-
ment. Our foreign policy 
" through which we never de-
clare war anymore, we declare 
national defense " and our 
domestic policies are always 
shaped by this ruling class 
(sometimes better known as 
" The Military-Industrial-Com-
plex") who keep a close watch 
over our " elected representa-
tives." 

A Senator thus becomes 
responsible to the minority 
ruling class rather than to his 
electorate since it is this small 
minority that controls political 
conventions, mass media , cam-
paign fundS, etc. The " laws" 
passed by this controlled 
government thereby put the 
" criminal" poor in jail, while 

.'U5100T .. ,1.0,.-5 , .... UGUUl Project One 
.OO~En I '" O""" 'U 1. 1JUoI ;( 
I V I(["'I "./II .. ,,£" TV 
DEJIC1.nru llO" "",VII I 
IV " ON 11' , .... ( 

" DAl 1* THE ,UK 
I v TI!D SANTOS 

THE •• nQIII.t. L I'lOlfU 
OF ."OaKLYN 

Fa Junk 
I " " lC"'''''O IAI'IT LET ' 

SUN 
IV AAL.'" ""Lye lC. 

the weapon held by Samuel, 
whether it be an automatic , 
double-barrelled , single loading 
device, or otherwise." 

Judge Staniford concluded by 
dismissing all the charges 
against Fania and all but two of 
the charges against · Sam. Th 
District Attorney of San Diego 
su ceeded in acquiring a Grand 
Jury indictment which not only 
rever d the d ci i of Judge 

taniforth but al 0 added 10 
charges to the original eight 
charge agmn t Sam and r'ania 
Jordan 

aiding the wealthy capitalist to 
steal more capital and become 
a respectable " Pillar of the 
Community." Capitalism, 
controlling the government 
rWis this country; therefore 
democracy by its oWIl defini-
tion, cannot exist. 

Individualism For Whom 

As for the other argwnent 
that the establishment of a 

SociaJi!:~ economic system will 
lead to the deterioration of 
individualism, a little reflect! ve 
thinking as to the question of 
"individualism for whom" is in 
order . How many of us work 
with the fear of losing our jobs 
due to other competitors, or the 
threat of a large medical bill, or 
simply rising costs due to infla-
tion? 

Individualism is interpreted 
to mean not having to put forth 
labor , but having the means of 
production ; in essence to steal 
goods that should be for a II in 
society for one 's own profit . 
What about the " individuality" 
of the worker, or the black man, 
or the Chicano, or the soldier in 
Vietnam , or the Vietnamese to 
rule their own country? Under a 
socialistic system, all of ow-
basic needs i.e. food , clothing , 
shelter, would be met. 

Ed~cation would be free , we 
woul<\ have free time after ow-
jobs to pursue ow- individual 
interests whether they be 
reading philosophy or watching 
TV or playing golf or whatever . 
There would be no need to con-
stantly compete with the Jones' 
for status. We wouldn't be 
slaves of the Government- we 
would by representative demo-
cracy run the government ( as 
was originally planned for in the 
Constitution) and we would be 
able to work for ow- benefit and 
for the benefit of ow- society. We 
would all own the land and its 
resources, and the government; 
and would thus have the power 
to use them for the good of all, 
not just for a ruling minority . 

Incentive Will Remain 

Lastly, I challenge the argu-
ment that there will be no incen-
tive left for people to work for if 
we are under a Socialistic sys-
tem . Are we so psychologically 
brainwashed as to believe that 
if we don 't compete to crush ow-
fellow man, we have nothing to 
look forward to? 

Is not living at peace with 
ourselves and ow- fellow hwnan 
beings a worthy goal? Are these 
goals not worthy of incentive? 

It is not my intention to tell 
you what you must decide for 
that must result through yow-
own reflective thought ; nor is it 
my aim to tell you that social-
ism will be a cw-e-all of ALL 
problems . My aim is merely to 
expose you to one of the possible 
methods (economics) through 
which man 's resources can be 
released so as to build a better 
world for all of us, by all of us. 

.. . Soledad Brothers 

continued from page 7 
(Judge Campbell was absent that 
day.) Trial date was set for June 
22. Motion for a continuance has 
been rejected !U1d the defense 
CoWl el will be hard-pressed to 
complete the ardous work 
necessary for an adequate 
defense . 

ThOU'ulnrl- ,,1 ,1nlln .. ~ .-
need d for the d fense of the 
Soledad Brother . Contributlo.n 
to the fund can be mailed to P .O. 
Box 3206, Pasadena, Calif., 91103, 
or come to third olleg offlc If 
you ar int re t d in \\oorkmg on 
a committee for their defen in 
the n Di go ar a. 

Triton Times May 29, 1970 Page 9 



.. 

Chicand Pa~ Thrives 
By 

Martha Sallau 

Partial success was achieved 
by the Chicanos of Lngan Heights 
this week. At a meectng with a 
City of San Diego spokesman the 
Chicanos were reassured that 
negotiations are underway with 
the State of California to turn the 
land under the Coronado Bridge 
into a park but that another week 
is necessary to complete these 
negotiations. The spokesman 
assured the Chicanos that they 
will get their park but that it will 
take time. 

It certainly has taken " time." 

people's folk mass at the site of 
the park on Sunday. After ap-
proximately a week the City 
agreed to start negotiations with 
the State so that control of the 
land would be given back to the 
City and thus back to the Chi-
canos. 

The City agreed to begin nego-
tiations with the State on two 
conditions: 

1) That the Chicanos get off the 
land which they were occu-
pying, (the site of the park ) and 
2) That the negotiations would 
take from two to four weeks . 

The four weeks are over. The 
Chicanos have been patient for 
three years and they will remain 
patient because they want the 
park . But support is badly 
needed. 

Even though this park is 10 
Logan Heights this is your park 
as well. A victory on this issue for 
the people of Logan Heights will 
be a victory for all people en· 
gaged in the struggle. If you wish 
to support the cause, come to the 
Chicano Moratorium Saturday at 
high noon at Horton Plaza. There 
will be a march to the Chicano 
park where you will be able to see 
what the Chicanos have done on 
the park. This show of support 
will help the Chicanos greatly be· 
cause apparently the City and 
State officials see no need to 
speed up the negotiations. 

.*.*********.****** ••••••••••• * ••••••••••• **** •• 

: The ba:nds 'of Che?! ~ 
: Throwtliem ,in .the trash.' : 
: Arguedas quicJdy conceived of his plan at the time.) After It 
.. By of a plan to save Quevara's securing the hands , Arguedas : 
.. Elisa Bittmann hands for posterity. "for who drove to a tropical reg ion of .. 
.. knows if, some day these the Andes, named Las It 
.. "The hand. of 'Che?' - said fighting hands , that caressed Yuncas. where there is a It 
It President Barrientos-throw and loved , that not only held a single high peak covered with It 
.. them in the trash ." rifle , but also a pen, will be snow. One side . of the peak It 
: Thus began the personal given a monument worthy of faces the tropical region, the It 
.. mission of Sr. Lic. Antonio them , and of the memory of other, the highlands. It was It 
.. Arguedas, Minister of the "Che . ·· here that he deposited his.: 
.. Interior of Bolivia. to pre- Two days after being told treasure . It 
.. serve for future generations by Barrientos to destroy the .. 
.. thehanJsofthe re volutionary hands. Arguedas began to Arguedas says that It 
.. guerrilla fighter . Ernesto implement his plan. First, he someday the box will be given It 
.. " ehe " Quevara. h t . to the wife of " Che" Quevara, " 
.. changed t e can alner 
. 0 N b IS 1967 S Aleida March . One of the" 

.. n ovem er, • r. holding the hands to a larger 

.. 
Argu d s learned th t the flags will go to Argentina. It 

e a a one filled with alcohol. This .. 
.. hands had been sent to his Another will stay in Bolivia, 
.. container was wrapped in the and the third will go to Cuba . ~ Ministry after being flags of Argentina. Cuba. and '< 
It positively identified as those Boli via . and placed in a They will be received by the .. 
.. of "Che " Quevera. They were student federations. .. 
It larger box. which in turn. was 
.. cut off at the wrists and placed in a zinc container " Hook enough photographs : 
.. sealed in a glass container 0/ lined with resin to prevent of the area, but the precise It 
.. formaldehyde to prevent humidity from entering the place of the hands is known It 
It deterioration . encasement. On the outside, only to me, " says Arguedas . .. 
.. The problem of saving the in red letters, were painted These hands _ built and It 
.. hands became critical when d Th' b t . fought for a cause. Today It 
.. Government and CIA the wor s," IS ox con oms 

the hands of Commander the" tr" unsuccessfull v to It It pressure mounted to have all " " J 
It Ernesto Quevara ." (note : all touch the stars. But in these It 
.. artifacts pertaining to of the preparation was hands are carried thousands: 
• Quevara destroyed because . d t b S A uedas fh t that/ollow the route 

of the public uproa r carne ou y r. rg 0 ear .s .. 
.. d' h ' d personally ; no one else knew 0/ one Ideal. It 
.. surroun tng IS mur er . 
~****************** •• ********.****************~ 

Approximately three years ago 
the City of San Diego promised 
the residents of Lngan Heights 
that a park would be built on an 
empty lot on Dewey Street next to 
the freeway. In three years 
nothing was done to follow up on 
this proposed plan. Subsequently 
the State took over the control of 
the land and proceeded to build a 
highway patrol substation . If one 
is acquainted with the com-
munity of Lngan Heights, it 'is 
quite obvious that the last thing 
that community needs is a sub-
station . This "asphalt jungle" 
which is our community has been 
ripped apart by a freeway and 
the Coronado Bridge . With the re-
zoning of Logan Heights to an 
industrial area, the streets have 
become unsafe for children to 
play in. Obviously a park would 
much better alleviate some of the 
problems of our Chicano com-
munity than a police station. 

Philosophizing. Movement demons, legallty IS toremost. Legality confers morality upon a person 's claim that the body can 
extend itself physically beyond 
the epidermis. This demon 
enlarges i.tself through the false 
notion that the more one 
privately owns, the more one 
cont rols one 's destiny. This 
notion reflects an extremely 
immature ignorance of nature's 
control over destiny, manifested 
clearly in the eventual un-
condi tional death of every living 
thing. The framework of legality 
has also spurned the advocacy of 
violence in order to maintain a 
high level of ego sustenance 

~ "<;ed upon false values. 

emminent dangers : nuclear 
explosion, famine, over-
population, ice age. etc . .. -
Those that identify with the Third 
World Revolution necessarily 
must seek to create new combat 
forms to replace the reactionary 
defense mechanisms that have 
encrusted the free thinking of 
oppressed people. This creative 
new combat can be fought on 
many levels . One necessity is 
that we recognize the "I" in each 
brother; that we force the will to 
find out where the other's head is, 
and at the same time give freely 
of our own person. Just as im-
portant is that we utilize the few 
material objects available to us 
to their maximum potentiality. 
Only until these basic principals 
have been met can the people be 
referred to as having power . 
Then, we can start talking about 
possibility completely destroying 
necessity , and what seems more 
paradoxical, itself. 

Of course all of the above needs 
and reasons were conununicated 
to our representatives , through 
various channels, and once again 
our representatives proved that 
they did not represent us. All was 
ignored; a highway patrol sub-
station was in the process of 
being built when the people of 
Logan Heights acted. 

On April 22 a large number of 
students of all ages walked out of 
their respective schools and 
colleges and began construction 
of the badly needed park. Later 
this group was joined by parents, 
priests and adult members of the 
community. On April 23 the 
people met at 7:30 a .m . to con-
tinue to prepare the earth for 
planting. This sort of action con-
tinued throughout the week 
culminating with a Chicano 

Are you.Jroveiling 10 

EUROPE 
Bo~ings ore now be ing occepl': for 
any of the 3000 inrro·Europeon siuden t 
charter flights through the Education'" 
St..d.nt E"'h_. ' rogram. eol Woa6-
. ide Id .. hdwoad Olr. or .217 •• _ . 
ly II...!.. l.. A .. gel . . . For the boo!< 
I'lting 011 fli ghts and a pp licat ion forms 
fer flig"'s and Ihe Infernational Stude nt 
Id entitv Card . pleose forword SI .OOplus 
75c for p",'age and ~ondl i ng . 

COMMUNITY B LOCO BANR 
327 F st. 

~ PA YS DONORS 
, for service 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - S:30 
Closed Sun. i:, Mon. 

233 - 832'1 

By 
• Benjamin Chavez 

Man has distinguished himself 
in the world of living creatures by 
his unbounded will to create. This 
god-like characteristic has grown 
in direct proportion to man 's 
consciousness that he himself is a 
created being. From this con-
stantly expanding inward 
awareness comes an even more 
acute knowledge of the dialectics 
of necessity and possibility. That 
which is necessary for a life of 
dignity is unceasingly being 
redefined in terms of that which 
is practically possible through 
creativity; also the reverse is 
true . 

Only recently has the realm of 
practical possibility replaced the 
far-flung imagination of science 
fiction writers with the discovery 
of the relativity of matter to 
energy. The unlimited energy of 
the universe waits for man 's 
s immering creativity. There 
need not be any more wars, any 
hunger , any poverty , yet 
paradoxically they seem not to be 
at an end. 

. 'l 
' J. 

t 
. ~ 

Page 10 Triton Times May 29, 19iO 

Weak Will of Man 
Why has man's creativity been 

so stifled in such an obviously 
humanitarian direction? The 
answer lies in the weak will of 
man to understand himself. One 
of the most obvious charac-
teristics of the mind, body and 
the world is that all are in a state 
of tempo rarity or im-
permanence. The constant im-
permanence in the movement 
toward greater awareness 
demands that man build new 
structures to exercise his 
creative capacity. Creative 
possibilities become stagnant 
when old forms of creativity turn 
into demons. A demon is that 
which has become deified 
through the excessive value 
placed upon it. Permanence is a 
demon. That man has not fully 
recognized the temporality of life 
in this world has caused the 
unleashing of innumerable 
demons . 

Capitalism carries inherently 
within itself cyclical systems 
through which demons enlarge 
themselves . ~on~ the many 

J.", .~. 
u/' -j 

Replace Reactionary Defenses 

Necessity demands that these 
demons be destroyed, otherwise 
we will witness and participate in 
the total annihilation of all 
human life through one of several 

FROM SAN FRANCISCO 

AlI,\\ 
SAT. JUNE 13 8 P. M. 

SAl DIEGO CDMMUIITY CDICDURI 
CDNVErmOl1lAll 

A" ~." ReseIVed S 6.50 5.50 4.50 3.50 
AVJ,Iiilble at Met ro Ti cket Agency, Highliinder Men's Stores. 

U C. Sa n DI080 80. Offi ce and C,v,c rhea Ire 80. Office 
For Information 236·6510 

GRADUATE M.O.'s FROM UNIVERSITY OF 
CALIFORNIA MEDICAL SCHOOLS 

100 

600 

Library 
Books in 

Harbors 
Special 

Dirty 
Dept. 

-' 
IF PROP. I PASSES-J,' 

500 

" 
I-

I 
400 

300 
lA' __ 4 

/ ~·~:t.1 FAILS 
~ V 

200 

100 

--

1940 1950 1960 

Proposition "I" 
Maior Medical 

1910 1980 

To Elpantl 
facilities 

California is suffering from. a medical squeeze, a squeeze that 
can be felt In increasing medical fees , decreastng quality in care for 
the poor long walts in hospitals, and physicians' offices, weeks be-
fore dental appointments. The pressure is on in all medical fields--
nursing, optometry, pharmacy, and veterinary care. 

Tile basic reason Is a critical shortage of doctors and medical per-
sonnel In this state. Our medical schools, nursing schools , veterin-
ary colleges and other related institutions do not graduate enough per-
sonnel to replace those who die or retire. Presently this state con-
ducts a massive recruitment program throughout !he country to find 
the trained people It needs, and it wlllnot be able to meet the needs 
of tomorrow. 

Proposition 1 on the June 2 ballot is designed to increase the pre-
sent class size of medical personnel in all fields: doctors, dentists, 
nurses, veterinarians, opticians, pharmacists. It provides $246.3 mil-
lion in bond revenue which woukl be matclled by grants from the Fed-
eral Government of over $126.6 million, but would cost each tax IllY-
er about 70 cents per year. 

A large share of this money, $43 milllon, w1ll go to tile UCSD Medi-
cal School and University Hospital, helping to bring the new school 
to a steady-state level of teaching and research activity. This would 
also help San Diego County, which is under average in almost every 
category of medical care, personnel, research, and facilities. 

Tile funds will allow the school to icrease its undergraduate enrol-
ment to 384, almost doubling present capacity. Faculywould increase 
to over two hundred, and additional students and research fellows and 
interns would total over 700. The new Clinical Sciences uUding will 
provide facilities for the last two years of medical curriculum. The 
Clinical Center, planned for completion tn 1977, would provide sev-
eral hundred beds in addition to the 526 at University Hospital and 
811 at the Veterans Administration Hospital, now beinglxIilt to the west 
of the present medical school facilities. 

San Diego County would receive many benefits, according to the Ci-
tizens Committee for Proposition 1. They describe San Diego as a 
" have-not county" referring to such statistics as an average of 138 
physicians per 100,000 population locally as agatnst a state average of 
167; 60 dentists per 100,000 versus 65 in tile state; and an average of 
277 versus 318 nurses per 1000. They also potnt to a rising number 
of biomedical industrial firm:; in the county, which provide jobs and 
" badly needed diversification. " 

A vote for Proposition 1 ts a vote for sound fiscal pollcy--a vote for 
better health for all Californians, proponents remind voters. The tu-
ture of CalUornla medical training, they say, lies in the hands of vo-
ters, come Tuesday 's primary election. 

The Triton Times is ser-
viced by the COLLEGE 
PRESS SERVICE (CPS), 
a cooperative news service 
operated bV the United 
States Stude.,t Press 
Association (USSPA), 
which provides nationa I 
news of interest to college 
audiences. 

I BWAJaoclu 
Staff Writer 

" Hey kid, want to get a fll:thy 
book, I mean some real hard 
core ? Yeah, here on the campus 
in the library. Why they have 
everything, Henry Miller, Frank 
Harris, Terry Southern, Playboy. 
Man all in that Special Collec· 
tions, I've seen a whole wall of 
D.H. Lawrence. But it's all 
locked up in that little room in the 
Humanities Ubrary." 

Chuckling, Mr. Ronald Silveira 
de Braganza, Director of the 
Special Collection Department 
did admit that the university 
library did "lock up" its por-
nography and other related 
materials. But he added, only to 
prevent damage and mutilation 
tJJat would certainly occur if the 
books were normally shelved. 
. "The purpose of the Special 
Collections," he continued, "is to 
provide protection for library 
materials that by virtue of their 
appeal, their value or rareness, 
their worth as particular volumes 
in a collection, or condition or 
age, are vulnerable to misuse and 
loss . The department was 
establi, hed to save, preserve and 
pi otect. 

The Special Collections con-
tributes to the cultural enhance-
ment of the university com-
munity, and greatly to com-
munity relations . Mr. Silvera 
pointed out that many members 
of the Friends of the UCSD 
Library, a conunittee of en· 
thusiastic local bibliophiles, are 
strong supporters of the 
university and might otherwise 
be quite hostil~ . 

The Special Collections in-
cludes many works by D.H. 
Lawrence, William Blake, Aldous 
Huxley, Ernest Hemingway and 
Robert Southey. These collec-
tions include special, limited and 
first editions, autographed 
volumes, and manuscripts . Other 
collections bring together works 
that are associated with a par-
ticular printer, for example, the 
Virginia Woolf - Hogarth Press 
collection. 

Mr. Silveira is a bibliophile and 
collector, and he is directing the 
purchase of rare books. In an 
interview, he said that a rare 
book " is basically an expensive 
book," and went on to point out 

The Triton Times is ser 
viced by the COLLEGE 
PRESS SERVICE (CPS): 
a cooperative news servict 

'operated by the United. 
States Student Press 
Association (USSPA) that 
provides national news 01 
interest to college 
audiences. 

) 
j 

TO EUROPE 

magic garden rR I NIVERSITY CHARTER FLIGHTS June 21/Sept.13 R. T. $299 
July 3/ Sept.11 R.T. $299 
Sept. .. One Way $139 

All Intra-Europe student Flights 
Amsterdam-Athens $ 34 
London-Tel Aviv $ 77 

Backed by rellable, experienced 
Travel Apocy. Prof. P. Bentler 
c/o Sierra Travel Inc. 9875 San-
ta Monica Blvd. Beverly HUls 
(213) 274-0729 " 274-0720 

.-...nley sweetheart 
Ml ~C" . [!]. 

aprl 
PARK BLVD. AT UNIV(RSITY AVE . • 296 () , 77 

tJJat the collection includes a 13th 
century manuscript, and some of 
tJJe earliest books printed in 
Europe. The older volumes are 
quite fragile although some of the 

valIum bindings are still in ex-
cellent shape. Mr.' Silveira does 
some of the necessary repairs 
and rebindlngs . His buying 
program is of course drastically 
limited by both availabillty and 
costs of many rare books, but 
gifts of single volumes and 
collections from many sOurces, 
including Friends of the UCSD 
Library, have helped expansion 
of this department. 

The Special Collections in. 
~ludes several importa'.'t 

collections of source materials, tn 
particular the Southworth 
Collection of documents from the 
Spanish Civil War . This collection 
alone makes UCSD a major 

Baja California and Califor-
niana collections are held by the 
Special Collections. These in-
clude many almost unknown 
repository of materials for the 
study of this problem. Works 

associated witll particular 
professors ' studie.s are 
sometimes purchases. 
limited editions, especially with 
special plates dealing with local 
history. The Baja California 
collection may be the only 
collection of its kind in Southern 
California. 

The books of special printers, 
for instance, the Golden Cockerel 
Press, known for their fine 
printing and exceptional subject 
material, are also reserved 
together. 

And, oh yes, the pornography, 
not including D.H. Lawrence, 
whose works are part of an 
Author Collection, is available 

through this department , In-
cluding many fine old and 
modern classics. 

Associated with this program is 
a collection of other works which 
might be damaged or stolen, 
including the Evergreen Review. 
Playboy, The Harvard Lampoon 
and a collection of underground 
periodicals. Art books of par-
ticular value are also held by this 
department. 

EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 
(RICe, Sex, Age. length of Hlir) 

Whit Ire you looking for in I summer iob1 
Good PlY? Sound business exllerience? 

Free titne for sum .. er fun? 
CIII Bruce -- 278-0251 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
On April 15th the decision was made 
to offer to the members of the ASSO-
CIATED STUDENTS of San Diego 

a GROUP. DISCOUNTED AUTO-
MOBILE INSURANCE POLICY. 
Collele Student Insurance Service has workea 
with the auto insurance industry for 5 years prov-
ing that the collele student is NOT a bad risk. 

Associated Students only are offered substantial 
savinls throup this &roup-discounted policy. 

This policy is written throup the "ewly formed 
Associated Student Underwriters and lerviced 10· 
cally under an exclusive a&feement with Collele 
Student Insurance Service. 

For Further Information --
CALL 291.4335 

- 2223 El Cajon Blvd. San Diep, Calif. 
Bt aware of what " available to you NOW 01 an Auo-
ciaUd Student . 

Triton Times May 29, 19io Page 11 



AlfT 
Criticism ' 

Snow Wltite and the Se,en Dwarfs ? 
Jay Gillette 
Arts Writer 

Snow White is not a virgin. "Snow White" is a 
book-novel ezperience that you do for fWl. "I think I 
will go around to Snow White's house where she 
cohabits in a moctaome travesty of approved 
behavior,and see what is stirring there." Just what 
is stirring is not a retelling of .Walt Disnev's fairy 
tale, but an hysterical collage of a living fairy tale 
that bears a suspicious resemblance to American 
daily life. 

There IS the President, bless him: " . . . I am 
concerned. I have many important things to worry 
about, but I worry about Bill and the boys too. 
Because I am the President. Finally. The President 
of the whole COWltry. And they are the Americans, 
Bill Hubert, Henry, Kevin, Edward, Clem, Dan, and 
Snow White . They are Americans. My Americans." 

There is the lUliversity, there is women 's 
liberation, there is good American sex conflict. But 
the points made are implicite - the author does not 
barrage the reader with explicite instructions on 
how to think . 

In "Snow White" you don 't have to think at all if 
you don't want to. The book is easily read , en-
tertaining, and above all , humorous. The profWl-
dities simply creep in, as though they appear while 
the back is turned. And since the book is so 
divergent, it has the quality of having something for 
everybody, even for those who disagree on the 
issues. 

For example, women's liberation : Snow White 
" . . . was experiencing a degree of anger at male 
domination of the physical world. 'Oh, if I could just 
get my hands on the man who dubbed those elec-
trical connections male and female! He thought he 
was so worldly . And if I could just get my hands on 
the man who called that piece of pipe a nipple! He 
thought he was so urbane. But that didn't prevent 
them from making a hash of the buffalo problem, 
you 'll notice . Where have the buffalo gone'! ... and 
that didn't prevent them from letting the railroads 
grab all the best land! And that didn 't prevent them 
from letting alienation seep in everywhere and 
cover everything like a big gray electric blanket 
that doesn 't work, after you have pushed the off-{)n 
switch to the 'on ' position ! So don 't come around 
and accuse me of not being serious. Women may not 
be serious, but at least they're not a damned fool ! ' " 

The book's style is a mixture of fast prose, 
cracked poetry , and super-dramatic capital 
headings . The end result is an experience that is 
rarely tiring, often exhillrating, but consistently 
well done. It is something that should be read while 
listening to music, and can be finished in one en-
thusiastic sitting . There are found , right in the 
middle of the book, a series of questions for the 
reader ("do you like the story so far'! " "does Snow 
White resemble the Snow White you remember? ") 
and one of the questions focuses on the entire idea , 
with al1 its meanings : " Do you feel that the creation 
of new modes of hysteria is a viable undertaking for 
the artist of today? Yes ( ) No ( )." With "Snow 
White" as a guide, the answer must be yes. 

NOW 
PLAYING 

WHEN WAS YOUR LAST VISIT TO 
A PUSSYCAT THEATRE' YOU OWE IT TO 
YOURSELVES TO CATCH THE LATEST 

EXCLUSIVE 
" ADULT ONLY" FLICK AT ANY OF THE MANY 
PU SS YCAT THE ATRES UP AN D DOWN 
THf' COAST OF CALIFORN IA. PUSSYCAT 

ENGAGEMENT THEATRES OFFER YOU THE FINEST ADULT 
r: NTERTAINMENT AVAIL ABLE IN THE 

INGS. 

Page 12 Trito Times May 29, 1970 I 
t \ ., I l I ~ I i \ I 

·Possibi·lities 
Contrabassist Bertram Turet-

zky will perform with soprano 
Beverly Ogdon and instrumental-
ists Nancy Turetzky and Ronald 
George in a Concert for COntra-
bass and Friends on Tuesday, 
JWle 2, beginning at 8:30 p.m. in 
the Matthews Campus Recital 
Hall . 

Mr. Turetzky will play Will Og-
don 's piece " By the Isar" with 
soprano Beverly Ogdon and flau-
tist Nancy Turetzky; and a work 
for " Solo Bass and Electronics" 
by Frank McCarty. Turetzky and 
composer Ogdon are members of 
the faculty in music; McCarty is 
also a graduate fellow in music. 

Also on the program are 
"Switchcraft" by Allen Strange, 
for flute, bass and electronics; 
" BEC-4" for flute, bass and per-
cussion by Fred Fox ; and an 
" Improvisation for Solo Contra-
bass " by Eugene J . Kurtz . 

The concert is free and open to 
the public. 

,I,ctronic music 
A concert featuring live elec-

tronic music will be heard on 
June 5 begiooing at 9 p.m . in the 
Revelle College Cafeteria. Grad-
uate students in the seminar on 
Electronics in Music Perfor-
mance currenUy in progress 
have prepared performances of 

works by John Cage and David 
Behrman , and three student pro-
ject-pieces. The seminar is under 
the direction of Pauline Oliveros 
and Roger \Reynolds. 

" Cartridge Music" by John 
Cage is scored for photocell 
sound distributor, contact micro-
phones and phonograph cart-
ridges in combination with var-
ious sound-producing objects. 
The Behrman piece, " Wave 
Train," is scored for piano and 
zither, signal generator , ring 
modulator and magnetic pick-up 
devices. 

Three student project-pleces 
will also be performed. They are 
" Piece for Ring Modulators and 
Instruments ," Charles Buel ; 
" Tchai No or, Tea's On," for 
electronic environment and an 
audience, by Vladmir Vooss ; and 
" Lecture on Webern , Op. 21" by 
Joseph Friedman, for turntable, 
tape recorders and amplified live 
instruments . . 

Performing members of the 
seminar are Charles Buel, John 
Cusack, Jon Dutton, Joseph 
Friedman, Daniel Goode, Alan 
Johnson, Larry Livingston, 
Frank McCarty , Peter Middleton 
and Vladimir Vooss. 

th", dog night 
NOW . . . THREE DOG NIGHT 

with their H A I R . .. raising har-
mony (like " Easy To Be Hard") 
hit the San Die~o scene! The 

CONTINUED ON PAGE 13 

iot.mi_:, I PQSSmIUTIESCONT. I 
Be h In d the Sou n d At K P R I =;~~~~~k~~~O:~g~:; ~:::~d .~;~ ~~~~!:Jb~~ 

(NOTE: Mark WillJams II tbe Prograpl Director 
of San Diego FM racUo station KPRI, whiCh can be 
described u an uaderground statiOD. It II WlUJams' 
job to decide what will be alred, as well u otber sta-
tiOD policies. He Is also a DJ, nightly from &-10.) 
TB: How do you decide what music will be played? 
MW: First of all, albums that are obviously hit al-
bums, let's say like when a Cream albwn comes in ; 
known artists-those which you know are going to 
be good,like from Paul McCartney or Ringo Starr. 
The only real basic criteria for a record is whether 
or not it is good. If it is good material from whatever 
realm it is from, we 'll play it. There are very few 
where we draw the line on obscenities. We're 
playing "We Can Be Together" by the Jefferson 
Airplane, which some stations have banned (for the 
lyric, " Up against the Wall , mother fucker "). 

We get about two hundred new albwns a week. 
The way lesser known or unknown albums get in ( to 
the playlists ) is via talking about new music with 
other people and listening to it. If you get an albwn 
that you've heard something about, you'll sit down 
and listen to it. I 'll spend two or three hours a day 
just listening to records, and I give each of the disc 
jockeys eight or ten records to take home at night to 
sort them out . 
TB: There seems to be a contradiction between 
your statement that you 'll play records that are 
" obvious hits" because they were made by known 
artists and your statement that the most important 
criterion is quality. For instance, I 've heard you 
playing Ringo Starr's record-is that good? 
MW: I think it's good . 
TB: Or do you think the name is good? If that record 
came in recorded by Terry Barak, would you play 
it? 
MW: If I sat down and listened to it, sure ; because I 
get a kick out of it. It 's very camp-you have to be 
into that trip somewhere . 
TB: Do you ever allow records to be played which 
you don't care for? 
MW: I won' t hold a record back simply because I 
don't like it-that 's not my function. That's why we 
have the audition system here. If there 's a record 
which I'm not sure of or don't like , I'll give it to one 
of the other guys and have his opinion on it . If 
enough of them like it, then it goes in . 
TB: What about 8 record that you think is just 
trash? 
MW: If it's trash-well, there 's a record in there 
which I think is trash , and that's the Frigid Pink 
album. That album is seUing nationally and the 
single is going. I myself think that it is gar-
bage- but, because it has shown some sales it's in 
there if a DJ wants to play it. 
TB: But, if it shows sales, that may be as a result of 
its having been heard on your radio station. 
MW: I don't think that it has been played more than 
once or twice on this station. That record is getting 
AM exposure. You have to follow the mass appeal 
trip to a certain degree- to at least make that 
record available if the disc jockey that's on the air 
wants to play it. We are very broad here- we will 
play everything from classical music on down to the 
funkiest jug band that you can think of. I like guys to 
stay away from getting too deeply into one bag of 

cause they know that's where we're at, and that we 
don't like to mess with that kind of tripe when they 
come in and hype you on an album that you know is 
bad anyway. 
TB: How is the FM underground affected , with its 
great expansion in popularity, in its becoming big 
business? 
MW: It takes $15,000 a month to run this radio 
station - so anybody who can withstand this kind of 
dent must be pretty well up financially to do this. If 
you take this station back to those who are behind it , 
it's a business-that's all it is. They're marketing 
this music, they're marketing us, just like Crosby, 
Stills, and Nash are being marketed by Atco 
Records. The ultimate goal back there is to make 
bread. Now those of us on the air here, that's not 
really where we 're at. We'd love to go in there for an 
hour and just play records and rap a little bit, then 
do another hour of nice music. But, there 's that 
$15,000 a month that has to be paid. So, you have 
your commercials . The rule here is that we don 't 
have more than eight commer cial minutes an hour. 
On a business standpoint that 's all this thing is : 
we 're here to make money. Now, those of us that are 
in there (the studio in the next room), we cringe 
every tim~ we have to put a commercial on, if it's a 
bad commercial. 
TB: Do you have any control of commercial 
quality? 
MW : It 's just coming around now. First of al1, 
where you get into problems is primarily with your 
national accounts. They go to an advertising 
company which puts them out a commercial. For 
instan cE!, you're proba bly very familiar with the 
Ford commercials we had on here three or four 
months ago, with Tennessee Ernie Ford. Every 
time we pushed up one of those, we'd cringe. We had 
to run them, t hey wouldn't change them, and the 
owner of this station isn 't going to pull that $2,000 a 
month business off for his left nut - that's what it 
boils down to. The agencies, as a rule, are about five 
years behind what's ha ppening. 

But , we are getting a couple of good agencies now, 
that of Olympia beer. Their position has been : " OK, 
we'll send you down a couple of tapes of our com-
mercials . If you like them, run them; if not, put 
together something that you feel is r ight and send it 
back for us to approve it. " Now, this is a fir st. . 
Hopefully, this is where it 's going to head. If these 
people who are marketing this kind of radio would 
realize that people are not listening to by hyped. 
We're trying our damnedest to present something 
that's credible. But once in a while one of these 
commercials gets through, and there's nothing we 
can do about it. 
TB: What is your evaluation of programmed, non-
live radio , such as KSEA-FM in San Diego or KABC-
FM in L.A.? 
MW: I don't agree with it, because the hwnan 
element isn't there. But their whole philosophy 
behind it is that they have it controlled - so that the 
disc JOCkey isn 't going to go off on any tirades ; he 
isn't going to assert himself politically, which you 
aren't supposed to do by FCC law anyway; but, you 
can do it with the music you play. So, we're back to 
the same basic thlng, .common to AM radio : Don't 
offend anybody. It's the whole idea of getting the 
widest amount of listeners - the broadest appeal 
that you ca. • . More numbers, more commercials, 
more money. That 's all it is . 
: .. : .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::::::::;:::;::::::::::::::::::::::::: 

music over a long period of time; but we do, and INDEPENDENCE DECLARED SUBVERSIVE 
will, and can, play most any kind of music we want WASHINGTON _ ( CPS) _ " We hold these 
here. truths to be self evident, that all men are created 
TB: Since you are sel'lt some two hundred records a equal, that they are endowed by their creator with 
week, this represents money being spent on promo- certain inalienable rights, that among these are life, 
tion. Are you approached in any other way by pro- liberty and the pursuit of happiness." 
moters? The above portion of the Declaration of In-
MW: Well, they come in and they're essentially dependence was recenUy read to 252 American GIs 
salesmen. They'll say, " This album is good , listen to at a base in West Germany, in an experiment 
it and go on it if you like it. " The day of the old-time conducted by the University of Maryland 's overseas 
real hypey promoter is coming to an end. There are division. The soldiers were asked to sign if they 
still a few of them around, and out of the ten or so of eed 
those I see in a week , maybe two or three will be the a~ot having been told where the quote came from 
real " this is outa sight man, boss, heavy, groovey" the GIs were wary. 73 per cent of them refused to 
types. We don 't get nearly as much hype as we used sign the statement because they were afraid it was 
to . Most of them are pretty straight-forward be- subversive. 

A vallable at 
GUY URQUHART 

1041 Columbia Street 
San Diego , Cal1tornia 

~--------~~~~--------------------~ 
ON SPECIAL NOW 

SANDALS. FOR STUDENTS 'oNlY! 

YEAR END SALE 
NOW ONLY $10 .001l! 

REVELLE SUNDRIES STORE 

as a unit that they are able to Natch'l Blues," along with their 
express incredible individuali ty performance in the Newport Pop 
with each of their own innova- Festival . His most recent album 
tions. Three Dog, by employing a " Giant Step" is doing remark-
wide range of gymnastics and ably well . Selections from it will 
maintaining a clear intention of be performed at this concert. 
di rection, interpret a very Another blues trip will be taken 
" tight " sound in their music. at the show with the Tampa 
" Try A LitUe Tenderness" and group of five- BLUES IMAGE. 
tbe now-pOpular " Mama Told Me Blues Image sound yields an un-
(Not To Come )" are two great mistakable Latin flavor molded 
examples of their unity in sound from their Gulf city setting of 
a s well as tbeir ability to " a ffect South-{)f-the border accents , 
minds" with the mood. And, of exotic Caribbean enthusiasm and 
course , Three Dog's heavy album black soul . The group live in Los 
"ONE" even further reveals this Angeles where they have signed 
oneness in their music . with Atco records and presently 

The authentic country blues have a top five hit locally cal1ed 
king-TAJ MAHAL-will appear " Ride Captain Ride." Blues 
with Three Dog Night. Taj Mahal Image declare themselves to be 
is part of the spreading musical " created in an image of happi-
movement the sole intention of ness" and strive to have their 
which is to reach every listener music reflect this in every 
with the real country blues sound. aspect. 
Taj's love and understanding of Tickets are $3.75, $4.75, $5. and 
the blues along with variance of $5.50 and are available at the 
voice helps to achieve this suc- Sports Arena Box Office (no ser-
cessful interpretation of country vice charge ) or any Highlander 
blues . Stores and Metro Ticket Agen-

Much of Ta i Mahal 's popularity cies. 

J············(············ ·t·········· · ·~· ~ . . . 
• • • • 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• t 

· , . , 
: .. U.MAlLsse·· : ··U.MAlLsS-" : "U~MAlLsse •• 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

, ... ······ ···~· ... ·······t············~·· 
• • • • 
• • • • 
• • • 

• • • 

• 

• , 
• 
• 

• 

· ; . 
, ··U .1IIAD.1Se •• • •• V .lllAD.s.... : •• U. IIIAD. 1Se" • ,. . 
" ............................... A ................. ••••••• .. ·- .. ····~ •• ..&_ 

Loving feeling a nd true SfJ(~sf7 
One about something you get ... 
T h e oth e r aboutwhenyou get It. 

SHYH DRY, THE BOSS 
GOT PLRYED SO mUCH ... 

HE WORE OUI. 

LovIng 
feeling 

"GOI- FOR THE FURY, 
FORCE AND FUN OF 
11._ A movie 10 brilliant, 
10 ..,.cia, thet /I's 

.~ 1Dwrtt. about 
IU'H be taIk'ng about 
d _fotevet ft _ 1..(.'0( 

" ANGRY, TOUGH AND 
FUll OF STING I" -,,'f 

WINNER CANNES if 
fiLM FESTlV~ _ . 

RATED 
@ 

... ---t !'\!!f~ ........ ',.,I.!f .... -_ .... _ ... 

Tri'ton Ti mes May 21, ·1970 . Page 13 



SPRING CLEARANCE SALE ! 
at the University Bookstore 

SALE S1 ARTS TODAY 
USED PAPERBACKS 

1/2 PRICE 
SAVE on o,erstocied and 
discontinued merchandise 

UCSD Sweatshirts and T·shirts • 
40% off 

Jaciets • up to 40% off 
Ballpoint pens • J~ eaclt 

UCSD Jewe'ry .. d Mugs • ~ price 
Totebags • J1 price SIVE UP TO $3.00 

ftaelte cases·'inited suppl, • 50% off Top Artists! Major Labels! 

Selected Posters .. d Prints· 
up to 50% off 

~O!) " Kut~ 
- RAMSEY LEWIS 

JIMMY SMITH 
JOHNNY RIVERS 
RIGHTEOUS BROTHERS 

-1 .:tOLl.. I ', "c ', :' 
STAN GEll 
RAY CHARLES 
PETE SEEGER 
MAMAS & PAPAS 

GRASS ROOTS 
BLUES PROJECT 
CHARLIE BYRD 
WooOY GUTHRIE 
FERRANTE & TE ICHER 

Many, Many More! CI ••• lcs Included! 

4 DAYS ONL Y - JO% DISCOUNT 
ON ALL PAPERBACKS •• 

-

Come Early lor Best Selection. 

SALE STARTS TO DAY 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

May" 29 through June 3. Get Your Favorites at Bte Discounts! 

'oolt $ III • '1I",ln ,I,lees 
GREAT PAINTERS SERIES 

ApprOA 90 Colof , to'et in Eoc" Voh"",,,. 

C.u n"e . K Roberf\ 

Chota II . A Wer ner 

Dali/Miro. P H Walton 

O •• u / L.yt,ec . K Roberts 

(I G,lCo ond the Span ish Golden A,e . [,d, Lor'.of.!n 

Goul" i .. , P C Nicholls 

K .... R Fisher 

L.ofto.40! Ropho.l . G Finley 

M.di ..... 1 Art. Sharon G:Jllogner 

Modi,l ion i/ Ut, illo / So",i" • . A lfred We rner 

Pic ... o . R f isher. 

1I.",~,."oIt & Ih. D.lch 5tho.l . E Lorsen 
Aenol, . P H W olton 

A.uQult. Jo'huo Kind 
v •• Go,I,. (; F,nley 

CAMEO SERIES 

Africa" Malk • . F" ronc o Mont , 

The A,. of lOUIS XV . 1'\1100/ G ;. .. , ... PI"lI""I'J~ 

The "!II' of lo" •• XVI . Aillor (,r nzoll': P1I ... c 
The A" o f Rococo. TCr '~HJ P u~nClti 
An'iqu e. Jade . O~co, Lullot B I.tl 

Art No" " f e u Renot) Bot,ll, 

1.,1, Deco,., i ... T ._hlet. W ,..,,1:-

(", Ii ,h SHw.r . JudIth Bo" .~t('f 
Europ •• n Porcel. i" . Mlno BOCCI 

I"d ion M,nlot"'.. MarfO 8u~'\.O'J 11 
0,i,,,,.1 C., •• " , M ichele Compana 

2.95 

2.95 

2 .95 

2.9S 

2.95 

2.95 

2 .95 

2.95 

2.95 

2.95 

2.95 

2.95 

2.95 

2.95 

2.95 

2.95 

2.95 

2.95 

2.95 

295 

295 

295 

2.9S 

2.9S 

2.95 

295 

2.95 

Compl.,. Shok.".ort 

Page ,. Triton Times May 21 , 1970 

WORLD MYTHOLOGY SERIES 

Africen Mytholo,y . ~offrey POfrlnder 

Chinese Mythology . Anthony Ctm!.tle 

Etyptian M,tholol'. VeronlCO Ions 

Indi." Mytholo" . Veronica lon\ 

Me. icon' CeM,ol AmeriCDn Mythology . 
Irene NIcholson 

Oceanic Mytholoty . Roslyn POlgnor 

South Amer ican Mythology . Harold C!.~'n(" 
Horth Ame, ico" Indlon Mythology . C Bur and 

Rom.n MythologY' . Siewort P('rown('l 

COOKIN<= FOR PLEASURE SERIES 

f, ench Cook ing fo, Pleos",e. r.'ory R\.:, Is 

J ewish Cooking for Pleolure . '1 )1". Bor D,:, ... ,d 

PRACTICAL INSTRUCTION BOOKS 
IN THE FINE Ct Ai'PLIED ARTS 

All Yohunu ' rofllttl, 1I1",hol.d 

A"oto",,, fo, the Artist . J Bornoy 

C.,.MiCi & Pottery"' .... in. fa , h.ry."" C Janeway. 

C.rnm.rciel Art T.,h"iCII"eI . S R. Mourello. 

ILLUSTRATED JUVENILE CLASSICS 

A"'ttiea" ",dl." T.lts & Leier,," , V Hulpoch 
1111.1\ In color 

Andluen"t F.ir, T.III. Hans Chrl~"on Ander ~en 
IIlu~ by JUI T, n ~ o 

G,.",,,, -. F.;,,. T.II •. IlIu \ bv )"1 Trn~ 0 

O".,d .cllt l on , 6 9.$ 

2.98 

2.91 

2.98 

2.98 

2.91 

2.91 

2 .98 

2 .98 

2 .91 

298 

298 

2.98 

7 .95 

1.95 

1.95 

2.91 

2." 
2.91 

Baseball Season Ends With 
Poor Record, Goals for 1911 

With final games against University of San Dieg~ and La V~rne 
CoUege canceUed, the Triton baseba~ team en~ed thel~ season With a 
record of 4 wins and 21 losses. DeSPite the ununpresslve record, the 
Tritons showed an improvement over both previous seasons. . 

Included in this year's losses were 1-0 and 2-1 losses to Cal Baptist, a 
l~ loss to strong USD, a 6-51085 to nationally ranked U<? Ir.vine, and an 
ll-inning 3-0 loss to sele runner-up Occidental. Late inning losses to 
Biola and USIU, NAIA District III playoff selections, also kept the 
team from posting a more respectable won-lost record. 

Because of academic difficulties, financial problems, and injuries, 
the team struggled through the latter part of the season with between 
nine and twelve players. This lack of depth, combined with the ab-
sence of a home playing field and an inadequate practice field, con' 
tributed to the team's overall problems. With the completion of UC. 
SD's new baseball field and a less demanding schedule, Coach Frank 
Vitale is looking forward to greater interest and a more successful 
season on 1971. 

The leading hitter for the team this year was freshman George 
Horman with a .400 average for 25 games. Honnan also accounted for 
four home funs, one triple, seven doubles, and a team leading 17 runs 
batted in. Senior Jeff McCombs was close behind with a .356 batting 
average and led the team with 19 walks and eight stolen bases. Junior 
John Weger was the team's outstanding pitcher with a 3.01 e~rned run 
average until he became ineligible at the quarter. The Tritons also 
missed his .360 batting average which included two homers, two 
triples, and two doubles. Junior John Shinn closed strong and finished 
just under .300 with a .299 average and 15 RBI's. 

Junior Mike Jones and sophomore Bo Parker turned in fine pitching 
perfonnances during the final weeks and, with Weger, should form a 
potentially great nucleus for next year's pitching staff. Freshman 
Jerry Pittman was very dependable throughout the season behind the 
plate, along with outfielders John Ritter ~frosh ), and Ron Bush 
(junior ). Infielders Bill Bowen (soph) , Dom yltrano (frosh), and Gary 
Yokota (frosh) gained much valuable experience durmg the year and 
are also expected to return next season. 

Crew 3rd, 4th, 5th At Long Beach 

Tritons·' Fare Well In Finals 
by George CampbeU 

Sports Writer 

In their final outing of the 
season, UC San Diego's crew 
team placed third, fourth, and 
fifth in the lightweight four oars, 
heavyweight four oars, an,d 
lightweight eight oars rowing 
competition, respectively, at the 
Western Intercollegiate Rowing 
Championships held at the Long 
Beach Marine Stadium on May 15 
and 16. This two day regatta, 
which is the most important one 
on the West Coast, involved the 
crew teams from twenty colleges 
and universities competing in 
more than thirty races. 

In the final heavyweight 
varsity race UCLA upset heavily 
favored Washington to take first 
place with a time of 5:59.4 to win 
the coveted Ebright Cup. The 
race was a hard fought one with 
the lead changing hands several 
times in the first 1500 meters. In 
the final 500 meters, however, 
UCLA surged ahead to win over 
the University of Washington 
with a decisive margin. Cal State 
Long Beach followed in third 
place, with UC Irvine fourth, 
Stanford fifth, and Loyola sixth. 

In the varsity lightweight race 
the tables were turned when the 
University of Washington scored 
a victory over UCLA with a time 
of 6:28.1. Third place was won by 
UC Santa Barbara. Oregon State 
took fourth ahead of the Triton 
lightweights who were fifth by a 
matter of inches, with sixth place 
going to San Diego State . 

The closest race of the regatta 
was the finals for the junior 
varsity eight oars. The race was 
very close all the way and ended 
with a photo-finish between the 
University of Washington and 
Orange Coast CoUege. After 

examining the photograph of the 
finish the officials declared the 
race a dead heat between 
Washington and Orange Coast 
with both crews clocked at 6:22.4. 
UCLA took third spot, followed by 
the University of British 
Columbia, UC Irvine, and UC 
Berkeley . . 

[n the freshman race the 
University of Washington again 
defeated UCLA by turning in a 
time of 6:16.5 compared to a 
6: 22.6 clocking for UCLA. Orange 
Coast College was third, Loyola 
fourth, UC Berkeley fifth , and 
Stanford sixth. 

In the heavyweight four oars 
race the University of 
Washington was again upset for 
the title by Pacific Lutheran 
University in 7:06.6. The Pacific 

Lutheran team, which is the 
smallest on the West Coast, had 
not been considered a first place 
contender until they won their 
preliminary heat with an eleven 
second margin over runnerup 
Orange Coast College. In the 
finals Orange Coast placed third 
ahead of UC San Diego by a mere 
two·tenths of a second . Behind 
the Triton heavies in fifth and 
sixth were UC Berkeley and 
Loyola. 

The lightweight four man race 
was captw-ed by the UC Santa 
Clara B boat with a time of 7: 28.1. 
Second place went to St. Mary's 

lCollege with UCSD finishing third 
ahead of UCLA and the Santa 
Clara A boat. USC finished in last 
place in the lightweight four man 
race. 

Plus Special Guest Star SNI.,H 
SATURDAY, JUNE & 8 P. M. 

SAN DIEGO COMMUNITY CONCOURSE 
CONVENTION HAll 

All Sub Reser>ed 55.50, 4:50, 3.50 
.... \lallable at Melro Ticker Agency, HIghlander Men !I> Stores 

U.C San DIego 80. Off,ce .nd C,V'C Theme 80x OffICe 
For Inform.Ilon 236·6510 

I l , I,d I ", J L' , ',( If I' J , .... " • 

**** ••• ****.*** 
** •• ***** •• ***** ••••••••••••••••••••••••••• * 

**.**.**** ••• ** BOOK SALE ********* .. ';' .~*** .**.*.************************~******* * •• ************ 
lobo O'HlI'&: AND OTHER STORIES. 
Pub. II 15.95 Salt 11 .00 

!lOW TO ATrRACT GOOD LUCK. 

~·~i~.~rr Salt 11.00 
REMIlRAJllJT·-43 oo.!.U",.1Il FULL 
COLOR.-lrItro. ~ note. bJ TrlwUI 
Copplt ,toCIt. Spoc:iallmpm-I $2.98 

NEWNESCOMPLETE NEEDLECRAFT: 
A PncUcIt and ComprellenS1v, Guida 
Special Imporl $2.98 
TREASURY OFMATIiEMATlCS. 
5<1. br 0.0. Mldonlct. 
Pub. '1111.00 Salt lUI 
T HIS TREASUR ED LAlIIl br I ... T. 
SilndersOIL " tbt EdUo,. of Countr y 

=~~~Z.95 9a1e •. 98 
AM ERICA'S SMALL IIOUSES: Peraooa.l 
Hom •• of Dt!dper. Ud CoUecIOtl. 
I, H4DtJ L. WUua.ms .. OttaU. It. 

WU1lam~ 
Pub .• t $25.00 IIlII ,j.98 

lKEBAJfA: 'hi Art 01 J&pI •• Flower 
Arr .......... By Coorrto O .. l4Ioo. 
Pub .• 1 111.00 IIlIo 15 .91 

MOOERlI ART MOVEMENTS. 
8, Tn.in CoppIe.tOOl. 
Special 1""",1 $11.98 

FAIIILlAR QUOTAl1011S. 
B1 JollD Bart .... 
l'11li •• 1 It. 75 Sa I. $1.00 

. T HE GUIDE TO ~&GA ~ GAMBLING. 
B, HltIlDd B. AdamI!:. 
I'IIb .114095 IIlIt 11 .98 

CEZANNE. Io1rV. b, 8 .. n Tarlor; 
Holts by T"".ln Copp ....... 
Sped,,1 Import $Z.lNI 

JOHN F. KENNEDY : MAN OF THE 
SEA. By Tue .. U Sbe~rd, Jr., 
Capt. USN; Intro. by Edward Y. 
KeMedr. 
Pub. It $12.95 sale $<.98 
THE BOOK OF EUROPEAN SKDNG. 
Ed. b,. M.alcolm MUne ~ Mark: Heller. 
Pub •• 1 11 4.95 Salt $6.98 
THE DRAWINGS OF RAPHAEL. 
Ttlt by Rk tard Cocke . 

~lal Import 17.98 

THE DRAWINGS OF VAN OOGo. 
Dr Nlclloiu WII.lIer. 
Spoc:lallmport 17.91 

FLORAL ART roR AMERICA. 
B, Martlw. Ryu Lowr~ PboIOi 
by Harold Corsln1. 
Pub •• 1 Jl7.50 Sale k.98 

ART NOUVEAU. 
D, ..... 1Il ..... r,.". 
Speelal Import 12.91 

VEDANTA OIL rl<J.'URY. 
Oy Edward Wood. 
Pub •• 1 $6.00 Sale 11.49 
TITIAN. 
Br Cecil Gould. 
Spoc:Il1 Import $%.91 
ORlDCE PLAYER'S DICTIONARY. 
0, Terenc. Reese. 
Pub •• 1 k.95 Sal. $1.91 

A FRICAN ART. Intro. and NoW. 
br D. Due"""'. 
~cW Import $2.08 

WOWA3'S OWN BOOK OF FLOWER 
ARRANGEMENTS. 
Spoc:laIlmporu $3.98 

GAINSBOROUGif. 
By Eil ls Waterhouse. 
~W I_rt 17.98 

ARTS AND CRAFiS. A Pra.ctkll 

-. By Marper ite kkls. 
Pub. at 15.95 SIll. $3.98 

GAUGUIN. 
S, Ronald Aile,. 

ial rmport $2.98 

CAMPLNc;.. ... WHERE AND HOW. 
B, Jack aid Jo Kell,. 
Pub. at $4.115 s.le $1.00 
An introduction to CHINESE ART. 
B, Muio Prodan. 

ENCYCLOPEDIA or EUROPEAN COO KING 
Ed. by Musil Soper. 

THE KAMA SUTRA OF VATSYA YAlfA 
The Classic Hindu Trelilse 01\ Lme " 
So<l,1 Conduct. 

~clal Import $2.91 

EL ORECO ~W Import $2.98 

EVERY DAY COOK BOOK In Color. 
B, Marruertte Patten. 

~b.1 Import 1t.98 
THE MARGARET FULTON COOK BOOK. 

~c"l lmport $4.lNI 
RICE SPK:£ AND BITTER ORANGIa Med.I~rra.otU Food5 and F.stMJ •. 
Br Lila Perl. 
Pub. at $6.!50 SaIl $1.00 
Mlraueri Patlu'. f RUIT ANO 
VEGETAIlt..£ COOKERY. 
~lal ImporllUa 

WarIMrJte PaneD', SAVOURY COOKlNG. 
5Paclal lmport $209' 
THE COOKIE COOK BOOK. 
B, o.lor ia K. Clem. 
Pub.at • • 95 IIlI. $3.98 

THE C K'S BLE$SlNOS. 
Or Dtmllrla Ta,lor. 
Pub. It 'UI SO .. '1.00 
WOMAN ·S OWllIlOOK OP 
CASSEROLE COOKERY. 
BrJ_BoaI ... 
5Paclallmport $1.98 

Tnnslaled by Sir Rlttard RurlO •• 
Pub. at $5.00 Sal. '1.00 Br PbllIo TlWlmlll. ~1aI 1_rt lz.g8 
TilE PERFUMED GARDEN or lbe 
Slayth N.ru.w1 : The Arabia. Manual 
of Love. 
Tnnalaled by Sir Rldard f'. Bur ton. 
Pub. 11115.00 IIlle $1.00 
THE HIN DU ART or LOVE . Ananp 

=Jaled by Sir Rltt»rd Button. 
P1Ib. al $5.00 Sail $1 .00 

REMBRANDT. 
Ttn by Clludt Roge r Wan. 

~lal I"'l"'rt 114.98 

RENOIR . 
Br Colllllla,... 

~1&II_"'$2.11f 
ANANGA RANGA: TbIJ lliAdu Art of 
to.,. lUuJtnted. 
Pub. at '15.00 1Il1. J:' 91 

DESADE: THE SELECTED WR rtIIGS. 
Pub, III k .98 Ill ·, $1.00 

DEGAS. 
8r PIlOt .. Pool. 

1& I Import $2.iI 

A.n1mlb of the Worldoo ... AUSTRAlJA. 
Tut b, WblUt1, Brodie. Morcom 
, KlAChOrn. 
~lal Import SUI 

FOUR.IN.QI'i[ ~Y BOOKS 
Tt\umbeUna and five Peas In 
A Pod, Tbe Emperor 's New 
Clothes, The &')ow QueeR. 
Ha.o.sel and Cl'itcel and The 
PrOC Prince, Tte Golden 
Goose, The KIne" Son. 
Snow Wblte and The ven 
o....a.rfs and Puss In Boots. 
Lit 11e Red R Idina Hood, 
Brother and stster. 
The WUd Swans and TM 
Ucly Oock..L.1q Little Match 
Glrl, The MermaJd. 
Each volume for '1.98 

Aaima15 of lhe World: AFRICA. 
Ten by A. Cooper, M. £Ulsf C.A.W. 
Gu"isber. , R. Lanworn. 

~1aI Import $3.!lB 
VAN GOGH. 
B, A.M. flammacher. 

~b.1 I m",rl $2.98 

THE BOOK OF COl'NTRY CRAFTS 
By Randolpb Wardel Jobnston. 
Pub. at $4.95 Sale $2.91 
OOTTICELIl. 
0, BttUna Wadta. 
SpeCial Import 'Z.98 

TilE SPORTSMAN'S ALMASAC. 
a, c. Far~"r. 
Pub •• 1 $8.95 Sa .. $l.9I 

CHINESE ART. 
8y finial "'ct ... lo. 

~lal Import $l.98 

NEW DICTIONARY OF BIRDS. 
Ed. br A.L. 1110 ...... 
Pub. al $i7.!50 Sail M.M 

***** •• ********** UNIVERSITY I BOOKSTORE ** SALE STARTS· 

OCCULT BOOKS 
TALES OF THE UNCANNY AND 
THE SUPERNATURAL. 
By A lata.noa Blad:1JOOd. 

~lallmport '1.98 
TALES OF THE MYSTERIOVS 
A./iolD WACABRE.. 
8y 'Iprnon Blackwood. 
~La l Import $1.98 

MAGICK: THEORY AI\"D PRACnC E. 
Bv AIel5ter Crowley. 
pUb. at $10.00 Sa.le SoI.9I 

HISTORY A~'O PRACTICE OF MAGIC. 
8, Paul Ctu"lsuan. 
Pub. al '10.00 So .. $4.91 

JAPANES~ ART. 
0, RaylDOl'id Jomes. 
Speciat Import $2.91 

A DICTIONARY OF u\OlAN tflSTOR)'. 
By S.cbcbldanandl Bt..tb.ct.r,.. 
Pub. II $J%.!50 II $3.98 
MATISSE. 
B, frederick BrUI. 
~ lal Imparl $2.98 

JADE; TREASURE or THE GODS. 
By J.P. PaJme.r. 
~lallm .. rt 12.91 

AN IMA L TRAHLLERSo.TIl. 
Wooo.rtu l Stor1 of Wi(nUon. 
B, Y. ) nUe t E. huoysk,_ 
Special Import $UI 
OOYA. 
By 8.r1lIrd W"u. 
~ lal Import $2.91 
EGYPTW/ ART. 
8, .I.R. Harris. 

\aJ Impor1 $l.9' 
DYUNTll'IE PAINTII>Q Till ~ ....... 
s)' DI:.vld Talbot Ru . 
Pub. , I $22.10 

M£XJCAN ART: From the WlUte 
God to Orozco. 
By Justine Fernandez. 
Spoc:l&Il_rt 12.98 

DEUCROlX. 
Dr P ...... Pool. 
~ fa I Imporl 12.98 

Sources ot Ou,,"' PATTER .... 
.\."0 TEXT~l![. 
8y J.A. Dllnkm "'edd. 
Pub.'1 $6.00 Salt $2.11 
CANALETl'O. 
8y Adrian £ele •• 
Spoclal rmoorl $2.91 

rOLl\: ART OF MEXICO. 
8,. Coerd Dorner. 
Pub. at $4.95 SIIle Sl.IJI 

BRUEGEL, 
9, M.ucuerit. N.y. 

IaI Import 1:.98 

THE OCH't\ltJTlER ALBl'\t 
A i\ortralt 10 Words and Plctur.~ 
By Erica. \ndt:r9C>ft. 
Pub. at SIi.5O Salt M •• 

1\.AI\Ol'SkY. 
S, F. '*tutf(·rd, 
~dlllm,lOn 12 .. 8 

C('ROT. 
B, "~IUt R rt!'o. 

(1Allmport 52.98 
RLBE~S. 
8, Edward Lude-SmUh. 
~clal Import ~.98 
DrRER. 
S, Alb.o OraJam. 

~Lal Imoort :'98 

WAT'T'EAU. 
8, .A. Brookntr. 

\I.llmporl $1.98 

OOUTINE. 
By Andrew For(e. 
~"'I Import SU8 

TODAY ****************~* 
TrIton Times M y 2 ,11970 



tN_, 
" Beilluty iIInd Bust Oillnce," 8:00 p .m . 
in thegym . 51 .50drag , 51 stag . Contest 
proceeds to go to EOP in San Diego. 
Sponsored by Alpha Ph i Omega 
Fraternity . 

4 p.m . Mathematics Colloquium , 7421 
Building 2A, Muir . PROF . ANTOI N E 
BRU NEL, France, v isiting University 
of Minnesota , Abstr act Markov Pro-
cesses Satisfy ing a Holder Cond it ion . 

3 p.m . Ph ilosophy Sem inar , Revelle 
College Informal Lounge . PROF . AV -
RUM STROLL, On a Certa in Tension 
in Plato's REPUBLIC . 

4:30 p.m . Special BiOlogy Seminar , 
2100 Basic Sc ience Building , School of 
Medicine, DR . HARRY HARRIS, 
Galton Professor of Human Genetics, 
University College, London , Geneti c 
Polymorph ism s in Man. 

high noon : Mar ine B,ology Sem inar , 
Sumner Aud ., 510 . DR . J . R. HEN -
DRICKSON, Un iversity of Ar i zona , 
Ecolog y and Behav ior of Mari ne T u r -
tl es . 

Coffee Hut Enterta inm ent : 9 p .m . 

Open House at Uni versity Hospita l, 
225W. Dickinson, San Diego . 1:30p.m . 
Tours , talks , refreshments . 

Noon Concert , students in Sem inar in 
Chamber Mus ic Performance play 
Brahms. Mozart , Beethoven , 409 MC 
Rec i tal Hal l. 

" Contraba ss and F riends Concert II ," 
w i th Bertram Turetzky, con · 
Irabassist , ass is ted by Beverly Ogdon . 
soprano, Nancy Turetzky , flutes , 
Ronald George, percussion . Program 
of works by Allen Strange , Will Ogdon , 
Frank McCarty and others . Rec i ta l 
Hall , 409 MC, 8:30 p .m ., presented by 
Mus ic Dept . Adm ission free . 

thulsd., 
Su mnernoon Series, color slides by 
Willi am Orr is, S. I .O., Sumner Aud ., 
S.1.0 ., 12 noon . 

Mu i r Outi ng Club m eet ing, HL 1166, 8 
p .m ., to d isc uss summer tr ips . 
Everyone welcome . 

~------~"-----------------------------------. I§tanbul l?e§tau.-ant 
Specializing In Middle Eastem Food •. 

Shl.h Kabob and other exatk dlshe •. 
LIVE A .... ic, Turk., & G .... En."nnent 

provided by too internationally famous 
Antoine Ha~e, on the OUD 

OPEN DAILY n .... 1D n , •. 
SPECIAL ' 99C LunchlJon 

tI.ily n .... -3 p.m. 
1250 PROSPECT 4542334 

FRIDAY NIGHT 
AT THE MOVIES 

'MAJOR DUNDEE' 
'RIDE THE HIGH COUNTRY' 

USB 2122 ' :30 

COFFEE HUT 
ENTERTAINMENT 

FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 9:00 P.M. 

BLUE GRASS 

WEDNESDAY 9:00 P.M. 
'BA TTLE IN OUTER SPACE' 

COM ING EVENTS 
REMEMBER 

THE WATERMELON QUEEN? 
EE THE W~ERMELON DROP FROM 
7th FLOOR UREY 1:00, MONDAY JUNE 8 

PARTICIPATE IN THE CONSUMPTION OF 

~ONE TON OF FREE WATERMElONS ~ A.T THE COFFEE HUT f." ~l) IMMEDIATElY FOLLOWING THE DROPI 
Page 16 Triton Times May 29 , 1970 

" Live Electron iC Music Concert," 
prepar ed by students o f Semina r in 
Electronic Music Per formance at 
UCS D. Prog r am of student pro ject -
pieces and works by Dav id Behr m an 
and John Cage. UCS D gym , 8:30 p .m . 
Admission free . 

.nnounclJmlJnts 
ATTENTION ALL SENIORS : Plans 
are zipping along for the end -of -the · 
year bash for the Class of 1970. Pay 
your 54 .50 dues neKt week in Revelle 
Plaza , which w ill go for a part y on 
Saturday , June 13, in Matthews 
Cafeter ia and a senior gift . Sen ior 
announcements are avail able at the 
Un ivers i ty Bookstore . 

Photogr aphs and posters by Diddo 
Clark are now on display in Urey Hall 
in front of the Science and 
Eng ineer ing Library . 

All organ izations and groups who 
want show s on KSDT for neKt year 
contact Mark M i ller , prog r am 
director , EKt . 1156. 

The Yi ppies are coming to La Jolla on 
Mem orial Day, Saturday, May 30, so 
be prepared to help feed and house 
them . YIPPIE ! 

FUSD - F ree Un ive r sity of San 
Diego w ill continue teaching classes 
this summer, but we need help; 
teachers, typists and organizers . Call 
453·EDNA and leave yo ur name and 
phone number . We w i ll be bigger and 
beller neKt year . 

Continuous dire need for donations of 
reams of m imeo paper is felt at the 
Crisis Center (in the Bureau for 
Environmental Des ign near the 
Revelle Informal Lounge ). This is the 
str ike center for UCSD recognized as 
such by all the State's college and 
univerSity campuses . Help us keep the 
pressure on ! Donate your lime or 
materials . 

Students needed for summer r esearch 
pro ject relative to envi ronmental 
management. Should be capable of 
independent work . Come to Student 
Activ i t ies Office , 250 MC, today, 
Monday or call E DN A for ap · 
po intment neKt week . 

Women 's Liberat ion Front now has an 
off ice in Matthews Campus 250, Room 
333. Literature is available as well as 
informat ion abOut on ·campus ac · 
tivites and the movement In general. 
There w i ll be someone there we~k ­
days between noon and 3:00 p .m . 
Women only on Mondays and Wed -
nesdays, please . We will soon have an 
eKtension phone and can meanwhile 
be reached through EDNA . Business 
and policy meelings are held every 
Sunday at II : 30 in Blake Upper 
Lounge ; and there are weekly 
discussion groups on campus, in 
Pac ific Beach and in North County . 

MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S 
DREAM 

& 
CAUCASIAN CHALK CIRCLE 
E t d d Friday and Saturday X en e Nights!! 

Curtain at 8:00 pm . 
Building 269 Matthews Campus 

Tickets available at UCSD 
Central Box Office, Urey 
Hall Lobby. Also at the 
door. Phone r eservations 
to: 453-6151 

FUN AND MONEY 
Sell Viviane Woodard cosmetics. 

Learn make- up techniques. 
We train you . 

459-3684 

Stolen b ike : Please return my gold 
Schwinn 10 speed bike stolen Thurs., 
MillY 21 from Revelle. No questions 
- $10 . reward . Cillil Millrk, 453-0233. 

Plastic Fantastic Surfboard for Sale, 
570. Ding-less, light (9 1/ 2 Ibs .) , and 
super fa st . 7'8" xI9"; for more info 
call J i m , 453-367 1. -

Lady will' gi ve room to responsible 
student. M- F . charm ing home for 8 
hrs domestic work per week . Call 454-
2181 evenings 7-8. 

Lost : Brown Suede Jacket . Reward . 
298-8418. 

Drum s - custom . Walnut inlaid wood 
fin ish, Zi ld cym . 6 pieces. Sharp. After 
6:00. 235-86'33 . 

Fou r teen foot Satell ite, f i bergla ss 
Dacro", sails. EKcellent condition . 
5200. Phone 468-3532. 

Reward and no questions asked for the 
return of the Honeywell Pentu 
Spotmat i c that was stolen from 
Reve lle cafeter ia . Come to Triton 
Times off ice. 

Lo st : Au strail i an Sheph erd 
Dog - gray and white with a short 
ta il. Tan collar . Name - Toby . 
Rewa r d . Call 454-0239. 

Serv ice-On -Schedule ; d i stinctive 
typi ng, IBM elec, Helen, 459-8828. 

Gr oovy part tim e job. Long ha i r OK . 
See Earle 5-6 p.m . 1967 First Ave. San 
Diego. 

Lady w i th charming house private 
garden - room with pr ivate bath. 
K i tchen facilit i es - for Faculty 
member. Near the sea . 459-7081. 

Female grad wants others to share 
large Del Mar Ocean Front house. 
1970-1971. Call 213-478-7864 during 
week . 714-675-\909 weekends . 

Get the jump on summer t i me em -
ploym ent. Call Bruce. 278-0251. 

ROOM AND BOARD, Summer andl 
or neKt year, in eKchange for 12-15 
hours a week child care. 20 minutes 
walk from UCSD. Call Prof. Chapin, x-
1655 or 453-4694 . 

Wanted Faculty children ages 7 thru 9 
to demonstrate In art workshop. 
Beg inn ing June 22 for two weeks 130-
230 . See Explorer page 20 . K-32078 . 
Call Mrs. Cole . 755-4435. 

Complete wedd ing s - 20 color 8 10' s 
in album . $75 . 284-6087. . 

Student needs r ide from Carlsbad or 
Tr l -Ci ty area to UCSC for fall quarter, 
1970. Wil ling to share eKpenses . Donna 
Flander s, 729-2832_ 

Wi ll be dr iv ing to Aspen, Colorado the 
ellen lng of June 12. Plan to dr ive 
stra ight through . Would li ke passen -
ger -dr iver to accompany me and also 
help w ith gas (Have Datsun so gas 
won ' t be too bad ) . I can be reached lit 
453-2000, ext. 1382. dur ing the day and 

I 459-6387 even ings. S. Graves. 

eoDUnued from pale « 
The criticisms of our paper by 

the Third World students earlier 
this quarter impressed upon us 
that we must seek to involve all 
elements of the community. If 
our coverage can not be kept at a 
level to facilitate this, we lose our 
effectiveness. 

Radio station KSDT has not yet 
experienced the period of ac-
celerated growth during which an 
organization is solidified. But 
they are faced with the same 
paradox we have been facing: If 
they are not given the resources 
to make a serious attempt at 
quality, they surely will not 
succeed. While their listening 
audience is now small, it will be 
feasible in the near future to go 
FM. This would, of course, 
depend on their ability to prove 
themselves next year, which, 
once again hinges on an adequate 
operating budget. 

The funding bodies must re-
evaluate the importance of 
communications madia on this 
campus. If they feel that such 
media are worth supporting at 
all, they must support them 
adequately. This plea is ad-
dressed directly to those on the 
AS Council and the Registration 
Fees Committee, the two 
primary sources of funds for the 
Communications Board. But it is 
also addressed to graduate 
students, faculty , and staff 
members, who currently benefit 
from the media but are 
freeloaders as far as supporting 
it. 

We realize that under the 
present system of priorities there 
wouldn't be much left over for a 
large allocation to com-
munications. But you must put 
your minds in a new framework 
in whictr the Communications 
Board is one of those high-
priority items whose requests are 
considered first, not later. Why 
shouldn't Communications be put 
on as secure a base of funding as 
the Program Board, Arts and 
Lecturs, the Counseling Center, 
or the P.E. Department? 

We're not going to prostrate 
ourselves any more. We're not 
going to come hat in hand every 
year again. We're not going to 
shuffle our feet and make do with 
the crwnbs we get. We're merely 
going to state our needs for 
operating on a quality level. Then 
it's in your hands. 

----- - --

------ -

The Triton Times is 
supported by funds ad-
ministered by the UCSD I Communications board, 
and by self-generatec:j 
advertising revenue. Its 
operating budget is ap-
proved by, the Com Boa rd 
in the Spring Quarter of 
4!ach academic year. 

---- - - - ---- -

-- -- - --

----

---------

KSDT needs strong, 
healthy, young, virile 
men and women to 
join our news staff. If 
seen contact Bruce 
Baron, news director, 
or call at X1156, or 
453-6252. Hazardous 
duty pay not included. 
Lots of love is. 

---

----- --- ---

RI''''' ,.,, 
LARGEST SELECTION: TO" WITHIN EUROPE; AFRICA, ASIA, 
SOVIET UNION. SPRING-SUMMER STILL OPEN. ALL OTHER 
TICKETS, TOO. OLDEST ACADEMIC A~.: E~, 323 N. 
BEVERLY DR., BEVERLY HILLS, CAUF. 90210, (213) 276-6293 


