
- _ . 

tr1.to tl 
Volume 10, Issue 14 Universitv_ of California, San Diego, F rt~ay, May 22, 1970 

Davis Raps On :U.S. 
Genocide, Malcolm X 

Students, F acu Ity 
Lobby at Capitol 

Manuel de Jesus Hernandez 
Contr ibuting Editor 

To defend Bobby Seale is to defend your own 
existence; your right to dissent, your right to 
rebel," exclaimed Angela Davis, controversial 
UCLA professor at a rally held Tuesday, May 19, to 
commemorate the birth of Malcolm X. In what 
seemed to be a last minute arrangement, BSC 
organized and coordinated the event held in the 
UCSD gym. 

Over 300 dollars were donated to the Augusta, 
Georgia Defense Fund. The proceeds are to be sent 
to those families aflicted in the Augusta, Georgia 
and the Jackson, Mississippi incidents and are to 
serve for legal defense and medical treatment. 

Although she arrived late to her speaking 
engagement, when introduced by Dr. Joe Watson 
around 9:30 she was received with a standing 
ovation. 

"Many whites in this country are remaining silent 
and saying 'Right On' to Fascism," she warned. By 
permitting Fascism to creep within the system, 
they are inviting repression and denying the right 
of revolutionary groups like the Black Panthers to 
dissent and rebel. This repression would not only 
affect Blacks but also whites, witness Kent State. 

The topic of her speech was repression and 
genocide. But before developing her topic she 
mentioned to the audience that Malcolm X's bir-
thday coincided with that of Ho Chi Minh, liberator 
of the Vietnamese people. 

She mentioned that if people in the "movement" 
were going to resist Fascism that they were going to 
have to learn from Malcolm X "in order to exist." 
Then she referred to a quote by Malcolm X, "once 
we commit ourselves to the struggle, we have to 
determine who are our friends; who are our 
enemies." In the sense that Ho Chi Minh was 
Malcolm X's friend, so should our friends be alike. 

On genocide Miss Davis admonished the urgent 
need to wage a struggle into the genocide that is 
occurring here in the United States, perpetrated by 
the government. She mentioned the "current 
program" for the extermination of the Black 
Panther Party as a form of genocide. 

The United States government has refused to afix 
it's signature, Angela told her audience, referring to 

UCLA Philosophy Professor Angell Divis Is seen here 
Iddresslngl rilly In the gym TuesdlY . 

the genocide treaty drafted by the United States 
after World War ll. She further exposed the United 
States government of being "guilty of every single 
act enumerated in that treaty." 

The enslavement of Blacks for 400 years was a 
form of genocide. The U.S. habit of "stealing the 
natural resources of Third World nations" was 
another form of genocide. And here at home 
"genocide is the fact that 'pig' forces have weapons 
that are outlawed internationally," referring to a 
gun used to quell Black liberation uprisings like in 
Watts and Harlem that can penetrate a ten foot 
cement wall. 

With the current protest over the Cambodian 
invasion by President Nixon, Miss Davis said that 
not only should we demand a unilateral withdrawal 
from Cambodia but also a " unilateral withdrawal of 
all troops from foreign lands and the Black and 
Chicano communities," in order to put an end to 
repression and genocide here at home and abroad. 

Angela ended her speech by voicing to the public 
her hope that " no one inside the gym would give an 
affirmative vote to fascism and repression at 
home." 

Other speakers at the rally were: Bob Pikes, who 
called Malcolm X a "great saint" when he recited 
a eulogy; Elma Carter, sister of Bunch Carter, a 
Black Panther Party member who was killed at 
UCLA, praised for establishing ties with Africa and 
Malcolm generating pride for Blackness ; Marcus 
Anderson, member of the House of Yureh, a Black 
organization, who made an anology of Malcolm X 
being the runner in a relay who passed the baton to 
revolutionaries like Huey P. Newton, Eldridge 
Cleaver, Bobby Seale and others. 

See How The Candidates Live 

Looking Through 
A 0 Glass Onion 

Owen Joyner 
Staff Writer 

Terry Barak 
Staff Writer 

An 18-member delegation com-
prised of students, faculty, and 
non-academic staff representing 
UCSD went to Washington, D.C., 
last week to present its dissatis-
faction with the Nixon Adminis-
tration 's policy in Southeast Asia . 
The delegation , supported by a 
campus-wide fund-raising drive, 
chose lobbying as its method of 
expressing its view of the frustra-
tion of the community which 
supported it. The main body of 
the delegation left on Tuesday 
and Wednesday last week and 
returned over the weekend by 
plane. 

The delegates included people 
from all parts of UCSD: faculty 
members were Dr. Robert Ham-
burger, Prof. Michael Parrish, 
Prof. Jerome Skolnick, and Prof. 
Roy Harvey Pierce; graduate 
students were Ann Roman, 
Richard Marshall, and Garth 
Nicholson; non-academic per-
sonnel were Patricia White and 
Bernard Ashcraft; Revelle stu-
dents were Jay Gillette, Greg 
Hudson, and Mark Wozny; and 
Muir students were Mike Mor-
gan, Jack Morrison, Bill Bagby, 
Terry Barak, Phil Muilenburg, 
and Cyndi Mitton. 

Ann Roman went several days 
in advance to arrange appoint-
ments with legislators and to find 
an office to work in. Congress-
man Lionel Van Deerlin (D-San 
Diego) gave a large part of his 
office for students to use, includ-
ing telephones, typewriters, and 
secretarial help. 

The group attempted to direct 
its lobbying efforts toward those 
legislators who remained as yet 

With today being the last day you can vote, it is time to take a last 
look at who's running for AS president. Rather than consider issues · 
here, the attempt is to instead expose something of the personality of 
the candidates. It is hoped that, when voting, this might make an 
absurd task even more so. The candidates being looked at, with 
equally unfair treatment given each, are Mike Palcic, Jim Magill, 
Karl Keating, and Brian "Write-In" Ritter. 

The clndldltes for AS President this year are, from left to right, Jim Magill , 
Briln Ritter, Mike Pllcic, and Karl Keating . Voting ends today for primary 

Mike Palcic, dubbed "Heavy" during his freshman year because of 
his imposing stature, is currently AS vice-president. Two years ago he 
took charge of the Coffee Hut and his friendly, engaging nature 
quickly set the atmosphere for the place 

With wild "hootenannies" and stale, old "camp" movies, Heavy 
turned the Hut into a place where differential-eq~tion-twisted UCSD 
minds could go to actually feel worse. It was about the time that Heavy 
tried to sign Wayne Newton as a Coffee Hut regular that someone 
convinced him to run for veep. Who knows what made him decide to 
run fo.r President? ? 

Dressed like Arnold Palmer, Jim Magill (no relation to Wild Bill ) 
always looks like he's making the trip from the last grP.en to the bar 
- "not the worst place in the world," Jim confesses. Floating 
around in student government for years now, he has become an expert 
on such important issues as how to get the C<iffee Hut a beer license 
(no dice), where the latest party is, etc. A man of diverse outside in-
terests, Magill is particularly fond of his collection of abstract art. 
Featured in it is the longest chain of pop-top openers made by a person 
over 15 years old 

elections . _ ____________________ _ 

Karl Keatiilg is the editing genius behind that celebrated journal of 
moderate opinion, DIMENSION. Now this does not mean that Keating 
would make a terrible president. After all, he asks, " What do you 
want - good grammar or good taste?" 

Unfortunately his grammar is good. He is conspicuously the only 
candidate with a girl for a running-mate . Disappointed that it couldn 't 
be Shirley Temple Black, he finally settled on Mary Pat Huxley (no 
relation to Aldous ). 

Brian Ritter became so embroiled in his campaign to institue a 
" free dorm" on campus that he forgot to hand in his petition. Not one 
to be daunted by conventions, however, Ritter proceeded with a 
"write-in " campaign . 

Born and raised in El Cajon, Ritter currently resides in Woodstock 
Nation. A self-styled Yippie, he is known for activities which mark a 
radical divergence from normal college life. Ritter 's drive for a "fre 
dorm" has won him support from such nCJtables as Abbie Hoffman , 
TRITON TIMES Arts Editor Jeff Freed (whoops-Fried ), Vassar 
College, and six students from Muir (College ). Called the "dark 
horse" candidate, Ritter claims he never touches the stuff. 

uncommitted or against the reso-
lutions before the Senate seeking 
to cut off military funds being 
spent in Southeast Asia . These 
two bills are : the Cooper-Church 
Amendment to the Military 
Appropriations Bill, which will 
cut off all money to the military 
being spent in Cambodia or Laos 
after June 30, 1970; and the 
McGovern-Hatfield Amendment 
to the Military Appropriations 
Bill which will cut off all money 
to the military to be spent in 
Southeast Asia after June 30, 
1971. 

Although it was often im-
possible to meet with legislators 
themselves, the delegation did 

UCSD's delegltlon to Wishing ton poses 
in front of the capitol for posterity . 

see Senators Javits ( R-New 
York), Cranston (D-Calif. ), 
Mansfield (D-Montana ), Scott 
(R-Penn.), Jackson (O-Wash.), 
and Packwood (D-Oregon ). 

Student delegations were noth-
ing new on Capitol Hill that week. 
Ever since President Nixon's 
announcement of the Cambodian 
invasion, student delegations 
from all over the country ap-
peared there in droves . A fre-
quent COli..,.;'lent heard from legis-
lators or their aides was, " We've 
had so many students seeing us 
we haven 't been able to get any-
thing done." Other California 
schools represented included UC 
Santa Cruz, UC Berkeley, UCLA, 
and Humboldt State College. 

Reactions from legislators 
varied between agreement with 
students on the necessity of 
immediate withdrawal of U.S. 
troops from Asia (e.g . Jacob 

·Javits ) to defense of the Nixon 
Administration 's policies (Hugh 
Scott ). Regardless of their politi-
cal bases , many legislators 
agreed that students may have a 
significant effect on the results of 
the upcoming November elec· 
tions. 

Asked aboL.t the effectiveness 
of sending nch delegations to 
Washington, Parrish said " It 
would be impo sible to judge the 
eff ct of an individual delegation 
{rom WI.)' t:1:t11l11\ll). 1 It! coUt!cuvt! 
trength, how ver, will be en as 

th Senate vote on thes ill". 
There will be results, particu-
larly in th future , in th ovem-
ber 1 ctions, when a univer ity-
ba d coalition of p pI working 
toward the same electoral goal 
will how their tr ngth ." 



only for pr'OII'lm ~ and 
the ",000 cannot be lINd for Din c.,,,, 

Sfud",fs Scrufinize faculfr 
finlllcial aid. 

Third College Admissions 
Committee member Milan LallC '1 
says a new admission criteria is 
In eHect. " We are admitting stu-

Defense Fund Drive 
for Augusta Victims 

JUeIl ...... 
... t.re ..... 

You are a profeaaor and yoW' 
Ph.O. is dutifully recorded In a 
thick me of your achievements. A 
new college is recruiting you. 
You go in to be reviewed by the 
college's board of directors and 
find yourself facing three stu-
dents. One is black, one is brown, 
and one is white. The college is 
UCSO's Third College, scheduled 
for a fall opening in temporary 
facilities on Matthews campus. 
The students, along with three 
faculty members, make up the 
Third College Board of Directors, 
a college that will eventually 
have a student body totaling 70 
per cent from minority back-
grounds, growing by 300 students 
a year . 

Almost 70 prospective faculty 
have experienced the unique 
Third College Board of Directors. 
The faculty recruitment, accord-
ing to acting Provost William 
Frazier, has faced problems In 
the slow processing procedW'e for 
new faculty and has lost two 
candidates as a result of time 
consumed for appointments. 
However, the provost is confident 
that all departments will be 
filled, though not all faculty posi-
tions may be filled . 

Sixteen faculty positions need 
filling and 10 to 15 teaching assis-
tants will be sought. Seven fac-
ulty will come from existing 
departments. 

"We face a severe challenge," dents taking into account their 
he continued. "We must provide background and motivation 
coW'sea to encoW'age students, to utilizing one-third of the four per In response to the grief being 
motivate them. ThIrd College cent special waiver originally set suffered by the relatives of the 
must be sensitive to the fact that up to admit athletes," he said. four Blacks that were shot (it is 
some of the students will be Twenty-eight letters of admission said in the back) In Auguata, 
educationally deprived. The out of an eventual 105 have been Georgia on Tuesday, May 12, BSC 
college standards won 't be sent out. " We have received had decided to act decisively and 
changed, students may take applications from 196 students," started an Auguata, Georgia De-
longer to graduate and some just he noted. fense Fund. 
won't make it. II A permanent provost has been sse wishes to communicate to 

Says Provost Frazier, the selected, said Robert Carillo. all concerned UCSO students and 
Board of DIrectors will act as a " He is a happy choice for all of personnel that they may contri-
governing body once the college us." bute to the Fund. The AiJgusta, 
is established. This body will Georgia Defense Fund drive 
delegate its authority to com- Whether Third College comes started on Friday, May 15, and 
mittees. out as it was planned depends will last for two weeks from the 

Financial aid continues to much upon next fall 's opening. mentioned date. 
cause concern amongst prospec- " We will just have to wait and 
tive students. A recent Ford see," Dr. Frazier said. "I am At the present donations are 
Foundation grant will be used optimistic." being asked of students In their 
~;;;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. : .;.;.;.;.;.;.;.;.;.;.;.;.;.; .;.;.;.;.:.:. : . : . :.;.;-:.:.;.:.:.:.:. :;:;: ;;;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:.:;:;:;:;:;:~~~!:~~:~~:~t~~~:~~r;~~:T:;~;:;:;~~;t:;:~;:;~~ 
ii~' ' , Th ey C I early Cam e to Kill P eo pie;" \~l 
'ii Students Describe Police at Jackson i~1 
m JACKSON, Miss. (CPS) - " We thought they were the student newspaper, said state and local police:~j: 
::: going to keep shooting until they killed us all." were originally called Wednesday, May 13, in:::: 
::: These were the words one eyewitness used to response to " local hoodlums throwing rocks near:::: 
::: describe the massacre which occurred May 15 at campus." A gravel truck was set afire late Thur':::: 
:;: Jackson State College in Jackson, Mississippi, as sday night and windows were broken In the ROTC::;: 
::; state highway patrolmen opened fire on Alexander building. McClendon reported that police massed at:;:: 
::: Hall, a women's dormitory, fatally injuring Phillip the edge of campus and scores of highway:;:: 
::: Gibbs, 21 , and James Green, 17. Nine others were patrolmen marched up to the hall, lined up, and in;::: 
:::' wounded, one critically, including two women. the early hours of Friday morning began shooting:::: 
:::: "They clearly came to kill people. There was no into the dormitory and a crowd in front. ::;: 
::;:tear gas and no warning," said one Black woman . " The barrage lasted for approximately 20:;:: 
:;:: Two days after the shooting, Jackson State seconds," he said. "There was no warning. There :::: 
::;:remained in a state of confusion, with many was definitely no sniper." "I was standing in the ::;: 
:;:;students refusing to leave the campus and dorm, looking at the pollce through my window," ::;: 
;::;organizing protest activities. The college was of- one coed said. " I thought they were going to shoot:::; 
::::ficially closed early Friday afternoon until Sep- tear gas, but 'Here Come the Shots! ' - just like :::: 
:::;tember. The college switchboard has also been that - it reminded me of a firing squad." t::: 
::::closed since then, twelve hoW's after the fatal late- " I saw Gibbs get shot," she continued, "and he ::;: 
:::: night shootings, and friends and relatives have had tried to get up. Then he was shot aJ{ain." :;;; 
:::: trouble lo cating Jackson students . Students Students are not satisfied by the concern being:::; 
:;:; formed a vigil outside the bullet-riddled dormitory, expressed by officials . As one said, "Mayor Russell ::;: 
:::: and have marched peacefully outside the nearby Davis says it was the darkest day of his life, but it:::; 

Manuel de Jesus HerD8Ddez student may also take his or her 
contribution to the 11-6tory Muir 
residence hall, room GM. 

Up to the present the Defense 
Fund has accumulated $300, but 
the amount is insignificant 
compared to what will be used for 
litigation and medical expenses 
now faced by the families of the 
deceased and involved. It seems 
that other students were arrested 
and face charges steuunlng from 
a so-called "riot on campus" In 
which a dormitory was sprayed 
with bullets from the bottom floor 
to about the fifth . 

" The Defense Fund committee 
will gladly accept scrip and 
checks, but preferably American 
currency," stated Fred Henter-
son, BSC member chairing the 
committee. 

To emphasize the attrocities 
committed in Augusta and In 
Jackson, Mississippi, BSC 
members carried a casket 
'around campus, finally display-
ing it in the north side of Revelle 
Plaza. 

Fred Henterson expressed his 
disbelief on how little reaction 
was shown in response to the 
Augusta incident , in which 
Blacks were allegedly shot In the 
back, in comparison to the deaths 
of the Kent State Four. He aiso 
noted, "The brothers and sisters 
were protesting a segregated 
facility which was denying them 
their basic civil rights while the 
Kent students were protesting a 
war that is not even within our 
national borders." He further 
added, "there exists a tremen-
dous inconsistency in the Ameri-
can system in treating its citizens 
justly and it has been perpetrated 
in our race for too damn long." 

Other BSC members in the 
committee are Jerome Pitman, 
William Hall , and Richard 
Syckes. 

" Teaching will be the empha-
sis," Provost Frazier said . 
" E very faculty candi date is 
interviewed by the Board with 
this in mind. We also take into 
account Wliversity service. He is 
not our man if he has no interest 
in the future planning of the 
college. He must, though, have a 
record of scholarly research as 
we check for scholarship to 
match that of the other colleges 
at UCSD. 

:;:;Mississippi State Capitol. was the last and final day in the lives of Phillip :::; 
:~tJ~~M~!:M!:~~;g~M~g~;:?:~~?:f:::~:Lm;~l~:B~lW:~~:::::::::::::::~~~~~::~~lm:~~8f:~~.?:.;::.:.:.:.:.;. :.:.:.:.:.: .:.:.: .;.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.f ------------

McGill Revealed Through Stars 
.. , ... Delineations of ORACLE 

There are three factors 
which bring us to the message 
of the stars - the houses, the 
signs and the planets . It is the 
angle of the stellar ray which 
determines its effect in our 
lives. Planets in the East 
affect our physical con-
stitution ; planets in the 
South , nea r the zenith, 
determine factors concerning 
our social position, If a planet 
is setting in the West a t the 
time of our birth, its ray 
strikes us in a manner so as to 
draw us to certain life part-
nerships and marriage ; and 
the planets under the ea rth , in 
the North, have an effect 
upon our condition in the 
latter part of :tie. The twelve 
sections of tt.e circle of ob-
servation as s~en from the 
birthplace are truly said to 
govern vario lS departments 
of life , as r ecorded in the 
most ancient lore of star 
logic , and thus people born on 
the same dllY and yet at 
va rious hour s and minutes 
and in various sectors of the 
ea rth, may have the most 
diverse expe riences. 

The Ruler of the Life Chart 
is t he planet which rules the 
sign which Is ascending a t the 
t ime of birth . In Dr. M cGill 's 
chart the r ising sign is Leo, 
the sign oJ strength and 
leadership. Leo is ruled by 
the sun. The sun Is the ruler of 
Dr. McGill 's Ii/e. 

Noting the chart, we see the 
sun is in the eighth house, 
which is occupied by Pisces. 
This position f a vo rs oc" 
cupations in institutions, 
gives a strong tendency 
towards psychic in tuition, 

and offers a possible 
in he r i tance or lucky 
marria g e. Mars in the fifth 
house activates the sun by a 
go-degree are, bestowing an 
abundance of energy and 
great Jaculty for leadership. 
Mars may indicate a fiery 
te mper, but with Pisces there 
is no room for resentments. 

Page 2 Triton Times May 22, 1970 

The sign of Leo ascending 
in the f irst house gives a 
proud, beautifUl s tature, 
again the ability and success 
of leadership. Leo rules the 
h ea rt. H ere is great 
generosi ty and nobility, love 

of light and truth. The planet 
Neptune In the first house 
position is the mark of a 
highly prophetic and spiritual 
mind ; a visionary, capable of 
great success in educational 
pursuits because oJ an In-
timate under, tanding 0/ the 
nature oJ others and the 
ability of Imparttn, to them 

easily whate ver knowledge 
they possess . Neptune is 
aspected with Jupiter in the 
third house , lending an in-
spire d mystical nature . 
Venus in the eighth house is 
exalted in Pisces. Th is 
enhances a powerful 
emotional nature . . . yearning 
to assist those afflicted and 
moved by compassion. Venus 
in Pisces gi ves an intense 
love of music. 

The basic rhythm of Dr. 
McGill 's chart is one 0/ 
universal popularity, strong 
reasoning powers, personal 
magnetism, lofty ideals and 
justice. Jupiter in the third 
house in Libra points to ex-
ceptional educational op-
portunities and advantages 
which will be of great benefit 
throughout life. It is a position 
which gives unerring faculty 
for sifting truth from error 
and arriving at facts. Mars in 
the fifth house with Sag it-
tarious also points to 
leadership. 

An Inharmonious aspect of 
Mars with Uranus, the planet 
of sudden and unexpected 
outburst, and changes, could 
bring about locked deter-
mination and stubborn 
emotions. Jupiter aspect/ng 
Mercury, however, bestows 
one oJ the finest auets In 
life - a cheerful optimistic 
disposition with the abUfty to 
Jceep up .plrlt. In times of 
adversity. A hasty decision Is 
never made . Thl. con-

fi guration makes a man 
healthy, wealthy and wise 
beyond a verage, due to the 
vital vibrations they radiate 
upon whomever t hey meet. 

Pluto plays a dominant role 
in the chancellor 'S chart. 
Pluto in the twelfth house 
occupied by Cancer lends not 
only curiosity and en-
thusiasm , but an almost 
untamed fantas y, an ad-
venturous inclination, and a 
strong subconscious in-
terested in processes of 
transformation, . reciprocal 
effects , kaleidoscop i c 
manifestations in form and 
image , and psychometric 
abilities. 

The moon , a strong 
significator in life, is in 
conjunction to the sun - it is 
also in the eighth house in 
Pisces. It forms a parallel 
aspect with Jupiter , giving an 
optimistic , open-hearted 
nature. 

FUN AND MONEY 
~ll Viviane Woodard cosmetics. 

Learn make-up techniques. 
We train you. 

459-3684 

Staff membership in the 
Triton Times is open to all 
registerld undergrlduates 
of the University of Clli-
fornia at San Diego, Ind is 
tubleet only to considera-
tions of competence Ind 
compatibility with news-
paper policy. Internal pol-
icy decisions Ire made by 
an Executive Board com-
posed of all .Ieetld .di-
tors. 

Lack of Communication Widens Gap 
Between Upper and Lower Campus 

Dave StearDJ 
Staff Writer 

One outcome of events of the 
past few weeks has been a 
greater division of attitudes be-
tween the Scripps Institution and 
the UCSD Upper Campus. 

strations at Scripps similar to the 
sit-ins held in Muir and Revelle 
buildings. 

In discussions with people on 
both campuses, one element 
which added to a feeling of 
mutual suspicion, and apparently 
has added to a mood of separa-
tion for quite some time, has been 
a basic lack of communication 
and knowledge of each other's 
activities between Scripps and 

• the rest of the UCSD community. 

tinguished though small staff of 
scientists-formed the nucleus of 
the new enterprise." (From the 
1969-70 General Catalogue.) 

As one Scripps student put it, 
" This lack becomes apparent not 
just during crisis periods, but in 
the day-to-<lay functioning of this 
campus, and in thoughts ex-
pressed by students on both 
campuses. " 

The tie with Scripps has been 
emphasized in much of the litera-
ture about UCSD, and there are 
apparently more than a few Re-
velle undergraduates who came 
to UCSD with the thought that 
they might have the opportunity 
to do some study at the Institu-
tion. But the opportunities for 
UCSD undergraduates going on 
to Scripps have always been very 
weak, by their own admission. 
The science program at UCSD 
does not prepare the Wldergrad-
uate, according to Sc ripps 
sources, for the kind of work done 
at Scripps, which emphasizes the 
life sciences and geology. 

Gradulte s tudents It Scripps, supplementing laborltory Ind class work. ha ul in 
a net to ret rieve mar ine biological samples . Collect ing tOOk place a board 
Sc ri pp's research vessel "Thomas Wa shington." 
be terminated, effectively closing according to participants, have 
Scripps to the campus com- generally been piece-meal and 
munity. But others, in 'IT inter- have not always allowed an open 
views, felt that such action would general dialogue. There was an Dr. William NI.r.nbur,. Director of 

Scripps Institution of Oceanography. Traditionally, Scripps was the 
oceanographic center for the 
University of California, and was 
considered an integral part of the 
UC system. In 1959, when the Re-
gents decided to establish a 
general campus in this area, 
"Scripps Institution- with its dis-

work to the detriment of the Earth Science major offered at 
entire academic community, and UCSD at one time, which was Scripps scientists and institutes 

have come under attack for 
alleged participation in war-
related research, and many 
faculty and students on the Lower 
Campus became increasingly 
concerned over possible demon-

The situation exists where 
there is increasingly minimal 
association between Scripps and 
the UCSD community. Some peo-
ple had expressed the idea that 
any remaining association should 

would leave students on both associated with Scripps, but this 
sides "out in the cold." was dropped about two years 

One suggestion which has been ago. 

Counselors Seek to Unveil Causes of 
Colossal Senior Class Attrition Rate 

offered, which its proponents 
claim would allow a freer 
association between Scripps and 
the UCSD community, is the 
possibility of a regularly 
scheduled course or courses 
offered by Scripps and open to 
UCSD undergraduates . Com-
ments have indicated that this is 
a viable and important consid-
eration. It would afford, say its 
supporters, an exchange of ideas 
between the two communities, 
allowing Scripps · faculty and 
students to get to know their 
undergraduate counterparts, and 
at the same time, perhaps allow-
ing Wldergraduates an introduc-
tory glimpse at the study of 
oceanography in general, and 
give them some idea of the kind 
of work done at Scripps spe-
cifically. 

There are many undergrad-
uates , particularly in the Revelle 
science sequences, who have 
indicated that they would ac-
tively support an introductory 
course. Some even claimed that 
they might find such a course a 
relief from often tedious molecu-
lar biology courses. 

ChrlsBibb 
Staff Writer 

Of more than 700 seniors on campus, only 330 at 
the most will be eligible to graduate on June 14. And 
of those, only about 30 per cent are the same 
students who entered UCSD in September 1966. 

A"cording to the Provosts ' and the Registrar 's 
offil es , the fi gures on seniors - a nd a ny 
class - are never precise, because students enter 
and leave the campus throughout every quarter . 
Clmsequentiy class standing has little meaning 
when classifying who can go through com-
mencement and receive a handshake from his 
provost. 

By latest Gount the number of Revelle seniors 
eligible to graduate in June is about 240 out of 477 
students classed as seniors; for Muir it's 90 out of 
231. But of those 330, perhaps 5 per cent may choose 
not to receive degrees. 

AUrition Rate High 

Veterans, homemakers or people returning to 
school after working for a while are often not under 
the pressure to finish in four years. 
Many Defer Candidacy 

That is a part of the reason many of the eligible 
seniors will not declare candidacy for graduation. 
Some are seeking delay for draft reasons, but more 
students are learning-oriented rather than degree-
oriented. Tliey do not see an urgency about getting a 
degree until they have explored the ever-growing 
number of fie lds open to them. 

There remains the fact that the 700 seniors at 
UCSD now are not the same 700 that started in 1966. 
The reason so many - how many, no one seems to 
know - have dropped out or transferred are not the 
same for Mui r and Revelle. "I've gotta get my head 
together," is the reason most often given to Tyra 
Garlington, a Muir c.ounselor. 

Though a few have quit to start their own 
businesses, most are not strongly directed towards 
a goal. Most like the freedom to express themselves 
and do their own thing, but they feel as if no one 
cares. Tyra 's main concern is that many who 
stay have the same loneliness and blank expression. 

There is precedent for such a 
course or series of courses. There 
have been introductory courses 
offered through Frontiers of Sci-
ence sequences, but these have 
seldom dealt with oceanography 
or imparted any information 
about the functioning of Scripps. 
There are also professors at 
Scr ipps who. have taken on inter-
ested Wldergraduates on an indi-
vidual basis. But these measures, 

More than one visitor has been repelled by the Sit-in Aftermath 
coldness or aloofness of UCSD students, and it is by 

The TRITON TIMES has found 
that there is nothing but praise 
for such a plan . Informal polling 
indicates that interest is very 
high on this campus for a general 
course in oceanography, perhaps 
along the lines of basic courses in 
physics and biology. The scope 
and direction of such a course 
would have to be worked out , but 
most people asked felt that any 
course must be on a regular 
basis, open to the general under-
graduate community, or " the 
concept of active opportunity for 
exchange would be too limited. 
One Revelle biology major con-
cluded, " It would be very 
disappointing to think that there 
are no professors and graduate 
student:; at Scripps who would be 
interested in conducting such a 
course, because there are hordes 
of undergraduates who would 
support such a course." 

Even more significant is the attrition rate, which 
has replaced the 650 freshmen of 1966 with up to 60 
per cent transfer students . Thus only about 150 
seniors are graduating "on time," although no one 
in any office can know this for sure. (The 
Registrar 's office keeps no figures on the number of 
students who continue from year to year, drop out 
and return , or transfer permanently.) 

Anne Koch of the Revelle Provost's Office, and 
Betsy Wood and Mary Avery of the Muir Provost 's 
Office agreed on the main reasons so many seniors 
are ineligible to graduate. Many have transferred 
from junior colleges or state colleges, and while the 
units are accepted, there are often math and 
language deficiencies to be made up. They often 
lack prerequisites for their major, and a great 
number lose time by switching majors. Those who 
transfer in the winter or spring Quarters find it 
difficult or impossible to break into the second or 
Ulird part of a sequence of courses. 

studying the exit-interviews of departing students 
that Tyra hopes to suggest improvements. in Muir. 

The "seriousness" of Revelle is due "partly to the 
type of kid we attract," according to Hazel Alksnis 
of the Revelle Provost's Office. The B-average.of 
high school is the bottom of the rung, in the sciences 
especially. While she maintains the science here is 

Three Students Aquitted 
Rich Heimlich 
Feature Editor 

not that much harder than other schools, the Three students were brought to 
competition is. ,She predicts financial reasons will trial Wednesday to show cause 
be increasingly the cause of dropping out, but why they should not be cited for 
another major reason is " the identity crisis." Many contempt of court. The charges 
who did not know what they wanted from college, or arose from their activities in 
did not know what to expect found that Revelle was connection with the recent sit-ins 
not their choice after all . "This isn't necessarily the to protest war research at UCSD. 
campus for everybody," she said. -

"THE GOOD 
THEBAD : 
THE UGLY " 

.. - . 

UPTHE 
ESTABLISHMENT! 

PUTNEY 
SWOPE. 

The Truth 
and Soul Movie 

of beauty, sex 
and drugs: 

more® 
The Triton Times is serviced by the COllEGE PRESS 
SERVICE (CPS) , a cooperative news serv iCie operated 
by the United States Student Press Association (US-
SPA) that provides national news of interest to college 
audiences . 

Three additional students were 
arrested in court on Wednesday 
on charges of assault and bat-
tery. These arrests followed 
UCSD administration and police 
testimony on the sit-ins. Mary 
Catherine Rose, Haven Anchen, 
Gerald Don Hall, and Ed Van 

BULLETIN: The decisions 00 
the outcome of the hearing in San 
Diego were delivered today. Ac-
quitted were Mary Catharine 
Rose, Haven Anchen,aod Ned 
Van Valkenburg. Gerald Hall was 
fined $500 and sentenced to five 
days in jail for failing to appear in 
court. 

Valkenburgh were charged with 
contempt of court. Bruce Costen , 
Jim Hirst, and Haven Anchen 
were arrested for suspicion of 
assault and battery against 
UCSD administrators. 

A spokesman for the other 
participants in the sit-ins accused 
the UCSD administration of 
"lying through their teeth" to 
produce th\~ charges . The 
Academic Senate turned down a 
resolution last week which would 
have propo ed amne ty (or the 
students involvM in trn- . it-iru 

Chancellor McGill has in-
dicated that the administration 
will re pond to prote t which a, -
in violation of campu 
regulations after the incident 
have occured and throu h legal 
channels rath r than through 
m rg ncy police mea ur . 

Tr iton Times May 22, 1970 Page 3 



Bird atching' With Dean Beeche~ 
Futu e Opportunity Extended to All 

Susan Graves 
Staff Writer 

Most people wowu turn over and go back to sleep rather 
than go bird-watching at 6 a.m . But four students and 
Dean Ward Beecher, dean of foreign students at UCSD, 
managed to make their way to the Urey Hall mailbox 
early one morning to learn something about the birds of 
North ColUlty. "Armed" with only binoculars and 
sweatshirts for the early morning chill, they were soon to 
see a clear , sunny day with no wind emerge around them. 

For those skeptics - among the group birding that day, 
there was one - the group managed to identify three or 
four different types of birds even before leaving the 
campus. The Cliff Swallows, Imown to most of those at 
UCSD as those building their bulb-shaped nests under the 
eaves of the Humanities-Library Building and the dorms, 
were the most active in the early morning, flitting back 
and forth from little pockets of mud near the sprinklers on 
the ground to the little mud bulbs in the corners of the 
buildings. Mr. Beecher made the comment that when the 
swallows returned to Capistrano Mission in the spring, 
they also returned to all other areas of habitation the 
same day. 

Many Species Seen 
Fifty-eight species of birds were seen that day and noted 

on a real Audubon Daily Field Card. Mr. Beecher and 
students Scott Linthicum and Bruce Wallace were the 
experts in the field. The group was able to distinguish 
certain birds not only by sight, but also some by sound at 
the end of the six-hour trip. 

The birders watched from the car for a few minutes as 
they made their way to the Sorrento Valley area . Mr. 
Beecher noted that early in the morning in the little 
valleys below the eucalyptus trees near UCSD, deer could 
sometimes be seen. On this trip , however, rabbits and a 
couple of dogs were the primary mammals identified. 

Sewage processing plants drew many birds, and the 
group was able to see several birds just floating around on 
the effluent of the Sorrento Valley plant. A Cinnamon Teal 
was one shy little duck with cinnamon-colored head and 

with a touch of pale blue and green on the edge of his 

wings that didn't mind the effluent. The female, of course, 
was rather unelaborate in dress compared to her mate. 

Waddling down the dirt road near the plant, the group 's 
first California Quail was discovered. Warblers of all 
different varieties were found in nearby trees while a 
Marsh Hawk watched the countryside from the top of a 
tall tree in the middle of the valley, never moving from his 
perch the whole time the group was in the area. A Red-
tailed Hawk was teased by a small Sparrow Hawk in the 
sky nearby. The Yellow-Throated Warbler with white 
belly and black and white head was quite common in the 
brush and easy to spot for the beginners. A Killdeer was 
discovered faking a broken wing along the road. Mr. 
Beecher told the group that the Killdeer, whether or not 
she had chicks in the nest, would still play the broken wing 
act. 

Ducks Easy to Watch 
Moving on to a reserve near the turnoff to Vista from 

Highway 5, the group was able to see some of the most 
interesting birds of the outing. Domesticated ducks lined 
the marsh area and Mr. Beecher easily pointed out most 
of the types and noted some real conglomerations of types 
in others. He said that ducks were for beginners an easy 
bird to watch for they remained relatively immobile 
except for their slow waddle and humans could easily 
keep track of them. 

Most of the ducks seen were traveling in clusters of five 
or six and looked like full-busted matrons on a shopping 
trip. 

Farther inland along the marsh area, the group 
discovered two types of white Egrets. Though both were 
white , the Snowy Egret could be told from the Common 
Egret by its thin black beak and black legs and yellow feet 
compared to the Common Egret's black-tipped beak and 
yellow legs. They both have the rather S-curve-shaped 
neck and are related to the herons, the ibis (a White-
Faced Ibis was also seen in the marshland) and the Fla-
mingo. A Kingfisher hovered above the heads of the group 
and perched himself on a brach above and turned his 
famous triangular profile with the long sharp beak so that 
all could identify him. 

\U" IfI~ 
BVOOf 'AN SA "'" ~Ir Illl ., AlGOMA 

NOW 
PLAYING 

EXCLUSIVE 

WHEN WAS YOUR LAST VISIT TO 
A PUSSYCAT THEATRE' YOU OWE IT TO 
YOURSELVES TO CATCH THE LATEST 
" ADULT ONL Y" FLICK AT ANY OF THE MANY 
PUSSYCAT THEATRES UP AND DOWN 
THE COAST OF CAliFORNIA. PUSSYCAT 

ENGAGEMENT THEATRES OFFER YOU THE FINEST ADULT eNTERTAINMENT AVAILABLE IN THE 
FINEST. INGS. 

Page 4 Tri ton T imes May 22, 1970 
. . '.. " II \ 

Tanager Most BeautUul 
The most beautifully plumaged bird found, agreed the 

group, was a Western Tanager. He perched himself 
among the yellowish-green tips of a tall tree , making his 
phunage seem more elaborate. He had a red head, bright 
yellow body, and shiny black wings. According to one of 
the books the group took along to help more clearly 
identify the birds, the call of the tanager is like that of a 
hoarse robin . 

With an invitation to brunch at the Beechers, the group 
headed home along the coast to catch sight of gulls, 
sandpipers, and a pelican. 

Mr. Beecher, who can be reached in the International 
Affairs Office, ·ext. 1936, said that he would be willing to 
take out another group some weekend in May for a few 
hours. He limited the group to about seven and had to turn 
some away at the last outing. 

AIleen Rletallen 
Staff Writer 

Native Americans are on the 
move. They have had enough of 
promises and inaction. Instead of 
being treated as a sovereign 
people, they have been treated by 
the Bureau as incompetents. 
They will not accept this and are 
militant about their freedoms. 

According to Tony Velanzuala, 
of the campus Native American 
Club, they are " trying to regain 
their rights as humans - as 

individuals - which have been 
neglected." To this end, they are 
using education as a tool to force 
the government to uphold the 
treaties they made with the In-
dians. 

The club on campus was 
"formed mainly to recruit Indian 
kids from the high schools." The 
members of the club go out into 
the high schools and talk with the 
kids there, trying to get them 
interested in college, or even 
trying to get them to stay in 
school. 

Once at the high school, they 
face the prejudice and apathy of 
the administrator, and the fear 
and apathy of the students. Art 
Hayes and Steve Halpern 
described one situation at a 
school where they were 
scheduled to have a round table 
discussion with all of the Indians 
on the campus. Instead " they put 
us in this little cubicle - a little 
room with a desk in it, and one 
chair ... and the counselor, when 
an Indian kid would pass through 
the office would stop, snap his 
fingers and say 'Hey you, in 
here!' " 

This sort of thing intimidates 
the kids so that they won't even 
talk to the club. Now the club will 
be bringing them on campus, to 
remove them from that type of 
atmosphere . 

The Native Americans are 
fighting for their very way of 
life - against the Bureau of 
Indian Affairs and for their land. 
They know they will win only by 
outsmarting these people and 
forcing them to give ground. 
They believe that the only ef-
fective way Is through education. 

"The IOCIs Ind tht spirits of tht 
Slcreel Mountllns crelttd min. He 
WI. mlde of III rllns, .prlnls, rivers, 
ponds, bllck clouds, Ind sk y. His fHt 
Ire mlde of elrth Ind his lei' of 
IIIhtnlnl. White shell forms hi. kne .. , 
Ind hi. body Is white Ind yellow corn ; 
his flesh I. of dlybrelk, his hllr of the 
dlrkne .. ; his .yes Ire of the 
.un ... "'t 11"1. whirlwind keep. hi. 
nerves In motion, and Ills movement Is 
the .Ir . The nlme of this n.w kind of 
llelnl WIS 'Cre.teel Irom Ev.ry· 
"'Ine'." 

" ... (the IOVtrnmen" to .top 
.motherln, Indl.n. with restrictive 
r .. ulatlon. Ind unwlnted Idvlce on 
how to run th.lr Iffll ... Tiley wlnl 
"'olr wlte, Ind lind rlill" protocted 
Ind ..... nded, not centreetH tllrou", 
t .. lty vlol.tlon . ... "'ey WI"t fedtrll 

Native American Club 
Calls Attention to 
Indian Education 

conservator is chosen to handie 
his property ... Land owned by the 
Agua Caliente Indians of 
California was divided up into 
individual allotments to mem-
bers of the tribe, but the land 
continued to be held in trust by 
the Bureau ... After nine years of 
complaints by the Indians an 
Interior Department task force 
had drained, on the 
average,more than a third of the 
ordinary income of these 
properties ... and parcels of land 
had been sold by the trustees, 
without the Indians' consent." 

benevolence , In short , as com · 
pen$ltlon for the Ion of more Ihan 
hllf I continent, but they want to be 
free to 10 their own way ... " 

This is the proud and beautiful 
conception of himself that the 
Indian holds. Underneath that 
idea runs a feeling of anger. 

The anger the Indian feels is 
toward a nation that took 
everything from him and in 
return gave broken promises. 
" The Indian has learned to ex-
pect two things: that the 

group may do anything unless it 
is specifically prohibited by the 
government, ... (but ) the Indians 
may not do anything unless it is 
specifically permitted by the 
government." That quote, by 
Cohen and Manle in "Harvard 
Law Review," explains the lack 
of control an Indian has over his 
life. 

The outside control over an 
Indian 's life begins when he 
enters school. He can go to a 
public school and receive taunts 
much worse than a white child 
would receive, or he can go to a 
reservation school, the majority 
of which are boarding schools. At 

. school, the children come into a 
conflict between their values and 
those of the white man's world. 

Selfish Motives Nonexistent 

land that was considered 
unusable by normal ( white) 
standards . But that land now 
contains many resources which 
the government would like to 
have back. The BIA has a great The Indians are angry at the 
part in implementing the desires way the white man has treated 
of the government. them and are no longer ready to 

The BIA has several methods say "We'll outlast you whites." 
by which it can gain custody of According to an article in Time 
reservation land. Among other magazine, Indians want " ... (the 
things, the BIA can invalidate a government) to stop smothering 
will if it is ruled " ... that a Indians with restrictive 
deceased Indian was in- regulations and unwanted advice 
competent in drawing his will, or on how to run their affairs . They 
that the will failed to make want their water and land rights 
'adequate provision' for all the protected and expanded, not 
heirs ... such rulings nullify the contracted through treaty 
will and the land is often sold to violations ... they want federal 
the highest bidder - usually a benevolence, in short, as com-
non-Indian. ""Our Brother's pen sat ion for the loss of more 
Keeper" has more to say about than half a continent, but they 
the ways of the BIA: "When the want to be free to go their own 
Indian is ruled incompetent, a way ... " 

A superintendent of a mission .. ------------------------.. 

promises will not be kept, (and ) 
even if they should be kept, they 
will prove inadequate to maintain 
the Indian at even his reservation 
level of deprivation." Thus says 
" Our Brother's Keeper : The 
Indian in White America. " 

BIA Coutrols All 

school has observed, " ... Indian 
motivation is not for personal 
aggrandizement or for personal 
self-glory, but Indian motivation 
is that whatever you do , you do 
for the group .... " Then he is 
brought to the school and he is 
forced to compete on an in-
dividual basis." As well as being 
forced to compete, his entire 
history and culture are con-
stantly derided. He is regarded 
as " culturally deprived," and 
this label is self-fulfilling. " Our 
Brother 's Keeper" states that the 
needs of an Indian child defined 
by the BIA are " Defined and 
centered within the cultural 
Wliverse of the non-Indian world. 
The possibility that the Indian 
child may need an education 
which helps him function as an 
Indian, or that Indian parents 
might want such an education for 
their children is not considered." 
So, as one culture is substituted 
for another, a loss of identity 
results. 

Laud-cheating Rampaut 

Not only in education are the 
desires of the Indian ignored. It's 
a well-Imown fact that 'jVhen the 
United States gave the Indians 

INDRA DEVI 
Will SPEAK AND PR ESENT 

UNUSUAL FILMS 

"MIRACLE OF INDIA" 
SAl BABA 

THE LIVING AVATHAR OF INDIA 

may 24 
~(W~ [Q)£!\)f IJ [p[MJ (!JJ~~[Q) ~ll~ 

... CHANTING & MEDITATIONS 

The Indian feels frustrated, in 
that the anger he feels cannot be 
vented. His entire life is guided 
by the paternalistic eye of the 
Bureau of Indian Affairs. " It is 
the realtor, banker, teacher, 
social worker ; it runs the em-
ployment service, vocational and 
job-training program, contract 
office ... guardian, protector and 
spokesman." The RlA is the 
trustee for the Indian nation, 
which is considered a ward of the 
United States Government. 
Nevertheless, these people are 
considered citizens of the U.S. 
where "a pnvte or individual or their reservations, it gave them,. ________________________ .. 

* 
l} 

Never such a bargain since 

* 
Oxford Circle at U.C. Devi. 

La Mancha'., U.C. L.A. 
La Mancha I' A .S.U. l} {t 

~ r .... , A~j,1IIt 
* {t 

~lrLWtIDrn~rlf 1JOO~W~LL @&\OO[ID }} 
Meml;lership Fee- $10.00 (3 year mem~rsh i p ) 
Card holders are entitled to the fo IlClwir,g: 
1. Discount housing- $3.00 per night for air conditioned, 

carpeted twin rooms with adjoin ing ~aths, in any Scope 
managed residence, from Ju ne 15 to September 1. 

2. Discount foOO-2O% off . at most 1(lC8t ions. 
3. Free Racreation Facilit ies- Swimming pool, saunas, 

weigh room, bill iards, table tenni~ r.,,'nr TV IOllnlJl" 
{l 4. Free weekend entertainment, rock concern, film series, 

regularly scheduled programs. 

~ BUY IT AT YOUR CAMPUS BOOKSTORE 1} 
5. Guidebook- listing local theaters, restaurants, and stores 

offeriflg discounts to members. 
1} 6. Discounts of 10% on all Eel workshops: * 

OR WRITE TO: SCOPE SUMMER TRAVR CLUB -ONE SAGA LANE, MENLO PARK, CALIFORNIA 94025 

Triton Times May 22,1970 Page 5 



tl-it()I} 
. ' t 11:11)( ~~ IltlTeRIALI 

The editorlill ,p!r,on of the TRITON TIMES is confined to 
the columns below. All other opinlons expressed on these 
pages are 'hue of the writers . Contr ibutions should be 
typed, double· . pued. and sent to the TRITON TIMES. 117 
Blake Hell . l :CSD. All contributions MUST include the 
name and .fddress of the writer . although names will be 

withheld on request . The TRITON TIMES reserves the 
r ight to edit meterial to comply w ith l ibel laws and spilce 
limitations. Authors of material sent in anonymously this 
quarter and not published may send us their names and 
addresses. with a summary of what the i r letter said for 
identification. to be r econsidered . 

Saye UC from the Regents 
They ' re on the rampage aga in. That 

group of 24 dirty old men, corporate 
bosses , and pol itical hacks, who like to 
imag ine that they are competent to run 
an academic monoli th , have dipped the ir 
har::\ds in the muck once more. What 
happened regard ing Ange la Davis in-
volved more than just the emascu lation 
of UCLA's Chuck Young . It made it clear 
that the Regents, whi le t heoretica l ly 
delegating responsibili ty to the proper 
UC personnel, w i l l meddle in any ind i-
vidual case as they see f i t , and w i II def i-

n i te�y apply political cr iter ia when they 
do. 

The issue of M iss Davis' credentials is 
not even worth ,discussing any further . 
The r esul ts of exhaustive investigations 
by UCLA facu lty groups should be suff i-
cient. Miss Dav is is obv ious ly em inently 
qualified academica ll y . But she is a 
Commun ist. And to the powers that be a 
Communist is somehow incapable of be-
ing objective , wh i le a cap ital ist is. 

We h ighly commend the UC L A Aca-
dem ic Senate for i ts courageous act of de-
fiance of t he Board of Regents whereby 
they vowed to allow Miss Dav is to con-
tinue teach ing by other arr angements . 
Cred it will be g iven and her sa lary pro-
vided through faculty donations. 

As for Chancellor Young , the UCLA 
facu lty seemed to be wi thhold ing judg-

ment on his actions by tabling a motion to 
give him a vote of confidence. It is felt by 
some t hat he should have put h is job on 
the line in the Angela Davis decision . 
Young has surely gone to great pains to 
judge the Davis case objectively and has 
supported her at great risk to his own 
career ; it is di fficult to expect a man to 
give up his own career ; it is difficult to 
expect a man to give up his own aspira -
ti ons . But we m ight ask Young to con-
sider whether the university he must ad-
minister after sav ing his neck will be 
worth being chancellor of, especially in 
l ight of the obviously limited authority he 
now has. 

Young's efforts may go for naught if he 
refuses to take a stand at the crucial 
point . If the Davis case proceeds as is 
currently indicated, we may all regret 
that Young didn ' t take a stand _ Yes, we 
know that he who succeeds Young may be 
Reagan 's man, but where are we going to 
get by continually capitulat ing on that 
basis? 

The UCLA faculty is on the right track. 
Sit-ins, protests, and the like will not help 
in the long run _ We need the faculty and 
adm inistrators to stand up now and say 
" HELL, NO!" We must defy the Regents 
by circumventing or ignoring thei r direc-
ti ves and proceeding as we, the true aca-
dem ic constituency, see fit . 

The Academic Senate Has failed 
The Academ ic Senate is presently in-

capable of effectively dea li ng wi th cr ises . 
Excuses that the facul ty member s did not 
create the cr ises or that the cr ises wou ld 
not have ari sen had people worked 
through channels are invali d . The Senate 
has pr oved incapable of either taking 
preventative action before cri ses or 
acting to reli ev e crises which have 
already occured . 

First of all, the Senate does not respond 
ser iously to student expressions of gr ie-
vance . Channels do ex ist in theory for 
VOIC ing student Opin iOn , but faculty 
comm ittees are incl ined to make light of 
student petit ions unti I the students take 
actions demonst rat ing thei r ser iousness . 

The faculty m ust recogn ize that, wh i le 
students do not possess degrees or 
tenure , t hey are never theless th inking 
human beings with ideas worth more 
than a patron izing hear ing out . At UCLA, 
the Senate has formed a Comm ittee on 
Student We lfare . Such a com mittee at 
UCSD which would seek out problems of 
concern to students and present them to 

6 Triton Times May 22 , 1970 

the Senate with serious proposals for 
action would be a giant step forward. The 
most important change necessary is for 
faculty members to start tak ing students 
ser iously . 

Unfortunately, preventative action is 
not suff icient . Steps must be taken to 
enable the Senate to deal quickly and 
effectivel y with emergencies . Fortu -
nately , such steps are now being taken. 
Next year the Executive and Policy 
Committee will be inaugurated with 
powers to act in emergencies . It will 
consult with students and the chancellor 
in deciding upon actions . In addition, 
Senate Chairman Gabriel Jackson has 
indicated that he wishes to amend the 
Senate by·laws to enable the Senate to 
call spec ial meetings more quickly. Un -
doubtedly , other means to make the 
Senate more effective in emergencies 
can be found . The consequences of future 
cr ises mandate that all possibilities be 
thoroughly explored by the faculty. 

continued on page 7 

Center Coordinates Work 
Against U.S. Repression 

Jamison Seilly 
sent reporters and support to the injunction hear-
ings at the County Courthouse, and prepared bail 
foods. We circulated petitions demanding amnesty 

The Crisis Infonnation Center was started Tues- for the students protesting war research. We sup-
day, May 12, in the office of the Bureau of Environ- plied 75 monitors and tactical infonnation to MDM 
mental Design. Its aim was to fill a critical gap in for the Oceanside march May 16. We handled publi-
the UCSD campus communication network. Other city for last Monday's "visit your local draft board 
communication serviceS' on campus-EDNA, the project," which was a success. We worked with San 
TRITON TIMES, KSDT- were overloaded with Diego State College's TNC on their Teach-In on Po-
infonnation and coordinating activities protesting litical RepreSSion, and with MECHA and BSC on 
war and repreSSion was lacking. their Augusta-Jackson and Malcolm X Memorial 

At a general meeting Wednesday, May 13, stu- rallies. 
dents voted for a campus strike. We aimed not to We are organizing an Alternate University pro-
close the ooiversity, but to open it up for positive gram, coordinating with the Philosophy Depart-
political activity. The Crisis Information Center ment Teach-In and, on a long-tenn basis, with the 
then became the Strike Center. This did not change Literature Department's Revised Curriculwn. We 

:

ii.:i.: ... !.: ~::;:~~~~~;,;r=i;:E;;~ if:!,~;~: E~;~~~~.'!t:j~ : .~ ... i:·.i:I.:: 
the state. The work of the Crisis Information Center is long-

The Crisis Infonnation Center developed contacts term. We must extend and solidify our information 
with .separate groups working against U. S. contacts ; for example, we need better commooica-
repression throughout California. We linked up with tions with local high school and junior college 
the UC-wide commooications network . and the students. We want to help students revise their 
Berkeley-Brandeis national network. We coordi- study programs to allow for maximum involvement 
nated with EDNA: KSOT : BSC: MECHA; the Anti- in political and social activity with minimal ad-
War Research group; the STREET JOURNAL; ministrative and bureaucratic obstacles. We are 
MDM ; UCSD departments (Visual Arts, Literature, soliciting faculty members to take in students for 
Philosophy, Physics, Music ); People-to-People ; the 199's when these students nel:ld course credit for this 
Peace and Freedom Party : the McGovern Amend- quarter but want to work on critical issues. The 
ment support group; San Diego State: Grossmont : Crisis Information Center must continue as long as 
and (!Qn Diego City College. v there is need for it. It will not end with the quarter, 

W .• .npt to coordinate with all on- or off~am- but will continue to coordinate activities for 
pus pru • .!st activity, organizing and integrating necessary political and social change until these 
publicity, news, money, people and facilities. We changes occur. 

A Jewish View of Apathy 
Alvin Schnurr, Jewish Students Association 

Perhaps someone can help me - I cannot student outrage, and I hear the lonely call of a 
understand. Twenty-five thousand Jews have few voices. I am no longer confused - I am 
fled the Moslem cOWltries of North Africa disgusted. 
since the June 1967 war. The tiny Jewish The activity of Jews on this campus has 
community remaining somehow in Poland followed a strict unyielding pattern: help 
after the Holocaust is being slashed apart in anyone and join forces with any movement 
the newest of that cOWltry's orgies of anti- whose cause is worthwhile, only being cer-
Semitic hatred, its numbers dwindling as tain, fi rst, that the cause has no connection 
Jews flee the repression of a people whose with yourself as a Jew. For it seems there is a 
historic hatred for them has been newly strange myth in the air that a man can par-
aroused. ticipate in everyone else's revolution and 

These actions have not passed Wlnotlced by group and self-identity development while 
the world community, and though there are completely denying his own. I fear he will 
but few pI ' ces that have known complete soon find that insofar as anyone else's 
silence in response , some do exist . UCSD is an movement is built on this participation, it will 
excellent example. Surely these issues have be weakened by his emptiness. A man 's 
some claim to relevance. Are they to be so culture gives him a historical and 
lightly condemned to UCSD's gr aveyard of philosophical identity, and without it he is 
apathy? nothing. 

Perhaps this is oofair. It is true, after all, This denial of self-identity reaches perhaps 
that Jewish students have helped fill the its most significant form in a further 
ranks of UCSO's share of activists in the example - in the rejection of Israel, a state 
Grape-worker 's strike. Certainly the peace that has come to represent Jewish culture in 
movement finds, among the sources of its its most contmporarily viable form . I do not 
strength , many Jews who thus cannot be stand as an apologist for Israel 's political 
given the label of apathy. actions. Any man who has access to facts or 

But again I must step back, confused. One data on the condition of the Middle East is 
out of every four Jews alive lives in the USSR, obliged to form his own opinion of Israel's 
and lives as the only nationality not permitted political, social, and military policies: not to 
the practice and transmission of its heritage. swallow the completed results of someone 
Cultural genocide? By what other name else's thought while himself having no basis 
would you call the actions of a government for their significant judgment. A man who 
whose macabre sense of irony sends police to accepts without analysiS the opinions of 
strangle college students in Leningrad for the another is a slave. 
horrible crime of celebrating Simchat I will then, leave such opinions to others 
Torah - a holiday of rejoicing? A protest of interested in a specific political analysis . The 
these actions was planned from this campus, point of interest is that it is certainly possible 
organized in the form of caravans to Los to s tand behind Israel's survival and self-
Angeles to join the protest march held there determination while rejecting specific 
last October 13. policies : the question of whether or not to sup-

question of current political policy but of the 
right of a people to self-<letermination. The 
problem, then, lies in the double question of 
whether or not self-detennination should be 
maintained for Jews, and whether the 
solution suggested in the form of Israel , 
Zionism, should be given assent and support 
as a workable answer . 

It has been suggested that Jews try a 
method other than the contemporary answer 
offered by Zionism to the question of self-
determination. However , national autonomy 
(or Jewish National Liberation, Zionism, in 
the specific case of Israel ) stands as the only 
path known, to date, by which a people's 
un assimilated existence and self-
development can hope for protection . 

In the singular example of Judaism, the 
past two thousand years have seen Jews 
li ving a dispersed existence, dependent on the 
will of whatever cOlUltry they fOood them-
selves in, and living lives lacerated by the 
terrors of the Inquisition, the furnaces of 
Auschwitz , the pogroms of Russia; a spiritual 
life stifled under the impossible burden of 
universal humiliation and political 
repression. 

We have spent the past two millenia living 
the alternative to the national solution . That 
is enough. 

It is not an easy, popular thing to be a Jew, 
or a Black, or a Chicano, for to identify 
oneself with a people means active effort, 
involvement. Silence is a far easier path , but 
at its end the traveler finds himself subtly 
changed, somehow disinterested, apathetic 
toward involvement of any kind , for any 
people. 

The man who will not accept or ooderstand 
his own people's fight will never ooderstand 
anyone else's. I listen then , for the resounding thunder of port the continued existence of Israel is not a 

--------------~----------~~~~~~~~~------~----~----~------LETIERS TO THE EDITOR 
Bruedner States 
Opinion on W,. 

Editor : 
In the past months, my activi-

ties as a professor, scientist, and 
academic administrator have 
been reviewed at least twice by 
publications of the SDS. These 
articles contained a mixture of 
truth and fabrication . Last week 
in the TRITON TIMES, an article 
by Sinai. Rand was published in 
which 1 was characterized as 
"the nwnber one warlord" at 
UCSD, this opinion apparently 
deriving from the earlier SDS 
articles together with other ru-
mors circulating at UCSD. While 
I regard this label (perhaps Su-
preme Warlord would be better) 
as rather comical, I would prefer 
that its assignment to me be 
based on more accurate know-
ledge than has been available to 
the UCSD students (and faculty ). 

Many questions are now being 
raised concerning the relation-
ship of the universities and of the 
faculty to the DOD, to the Fed-
eral Government, to the Asian 
war , etc. My views on these prob-
lems are : 

1) The Vletnam-Laos-Camoo. 
dian War 
The U. S. policy has deterior-
ated to a position of deep im-
morality and military looacy. 
We should withdraw imme-
diately. 
2) DOD Research Support 
The U. S. Congress and Admin-
istration should be persuaded 
immediately to transfer re-
search funds from the DOD 
fooding agencies to NSF or 
e qui v al ent non -mil i tary 
channels. During this transi-
tion period, the universities 
should accept DOD funds only 
if the work is ooclassified and if 
the DOD agencies maintain , as 
prior to 1968, a policy of non-in-
terference with the research 
within the most general defini-
tion of long-range research 
goals . If these conditions 
cannot be met, the universities 
should terminate the DOD 
fooding . 
3) Classified Research (DOD 

and AEC) 
The lUliversities should termi-
nate any association with 
classified research. In particu-
lar , UC should terminate the 
management of the AEC wea-
pons laboratories, the classi-
fied laboratories of SIO, and 
any other similar activities. 
4) Present UCSD Academic 
Structure 
The rapid growth of UCSD in 
science and technology during 
the first decade as a general 
campus (1959-1969) has led to 
an oobalanced faculty and stu-
dent structure, detrimentally 
affecting the over-all quality of 
UCSD as a university, and 
retarding the growth in hu-
manities, social sciences, and 
fine arts. Every effort should 
be made by the UCSD faculty 
and administration to establish 
an academic structure more 
appropriate to the present. 

Keith A. Brueckner 
Professor of Physics 

Guns on c.pus 
The following letter was sent to 
Governor Reagan : 

Dear Governor Reagan, 
In the vital interests of safety 

and sanity, I urgently implore 
you at this time and henceforth to 
forbid the possession or carrying 
of any and all kinds of guns or 
firearms, loaded or IUlloaded, at 
any time, by anyone-student, 
faculty member or staff em-
ployee ; visitor ; campus, city or 
state police ; national guards ot' 
federal troop~n any campus of 
the University of California and 
State College system in Cali-
fornia . 

We may contmue to expect 
altercations and brawls, unfortu· 
nately, but we must have no more 
wmecessary tragedies on cam-
puses in this supposedly civilized 
colUltry. I hope that you will do 
everything in your power to pre-
vent them. 

j I, 

Respectfully yours, 
Ralpb A. LewlD, M.A., Ph.D 

Professor, Martae Biology 
SIO-UCSD 

"'eatre Praised 
Editor : 

I commend the actors and ac-
tresses of the UCSD Theater for 
their parts in "A Midswnmer 
Night's Dream" and "The Cau-
casian Chalk Circle," acted on 
alternate nights throughout the 
rWl . Their excitement and enthu-
siasm overcame the limitations 
of primitive stage facilities and 
the relatively high room tem-
perature. The simple costuming 
and staging added, rather than 
detracted, to the shows, in that 
they allowed the audience 's at-
tention to be focused on the ac-
ting. 

The enthusiasm which over-
came obstacles created limita-
tions on the standard of the over-
all performance . The farce of 
" Dream" became more farcical 
as stimulated physical actions 

drowned many words . In "Cir-
cle" loud shouts in a small thea-
ter tended to overdramatize ser-
ious drama especially in the first 
act where pessimism is the mood. 

I look forward to future produc-
tions. 

Yours sincerely, 
Clive Glickman 

Anti-War Veterans 
Editor : 

On May 11, 1970, an organiza-
tion, Veterans Against The War , 
was formed to coordinate those 
veterans on campus who oppose 
the War in Southeast Asia . 

We are for immediate with-
drawal of United States forces 
from Southeast Asia as rapidly as 
logistically possible. Our main 
emphasis is on informing stu-

ON SlAGEl-NOW PLAYI~G!-LAST 2 WEEKS! 
Students ~!~ THE PHYSICISTS .. c . S~n •• 

International intrigue omo ng ~u­
clllor physicists in th is c~mp~II,ng 
suspen se th,iller ... sardoniC w,t ~nd 
bit ing humor as three f~med SCl en· 
t ists are pat ients of a provote a sylum 
... are they insane? 

PHONE 
239·2255 

aft e r noon 

'7.!0. " .110 (1110 . .. W." .. T~Vf .. .... ... '.1 
'3.00 ' n .50 1" 1 .. So,. h ••. ) 
12.00. 11 .50 I""'. Moll.) 

Try a OOVILl OlCl(lA r Dinne r o f Ih. 
Atlo,,' ,. In Miuio" 80y 01 S • • World 
& h eni"', ot ,.,. Theohe 

, 1.)0 $,.." thrv 'ell. ' '"Ii,," Mil. , .e. So . 1" • . r ...... . , •• ' 1 ••• 'he"e 11 . .. 2.~. 

olb globe tbeatre 
~.Iboo po,~ Of! ,toge 

" . ' 

dents and the community of the 
reactions of veterans opposed to 
the war . Through the use of infor-
mational leaflets and speakers, 
we plan to dispel the myths that 
have been perpetrated about 
veterans and their feelings 
toward war. We feel in this 
respect that we are in a particu-
larly ooique position to educate 
the community concerning 
United States involvement in 
Southeast Asia and other areas in 
the world. 

We respect the right of indi-
viduals to express their actions 
through dissent as their con-
science dictates. Any actions of 
violence on the part of individuals 
in this organization is not repre-
sentative of the group as a whole. 

Warren Williams 
Junior, History 

President, V A W 

An 1!. I'oIOfClI"~') .1101'1 \I,y,eI I"! ~"se .I'd •• 
WlMertta! ,n the best bolde st Hn .. 01 IN .." " " 
· Af1 nur Kn ight .' PI,,"'bOy lamt Tfte CO!'Il'l1\ol"U 
. Ior, 01 <I O.vhelol'at 9'" whO dOf!tol\.ll., n4 mo e" • 
SIiCC,SI IO'\ Gf N" ,""I" the " • ., COOO'Ir !t0ll1 ~(J 
Iln,n., "nas • lorPI'! 01 lulf lll ll'tm OUt'I"9 , 9'1'10 
racl' "·V E 

Academic Senate 
Editorial Continued 

continued from page 6 

Finally , attention must be 
given to the conduct of the 
meetings themselves. Faculty 
members must agree to cooper-
ate to expedite Senate meetings. 
This last Senate meeting which 
required a solid week to complete 
a . twelve item agenda was a 
shocking failure in these terms. 
Faculty members repeatedly 
extended debate by not speaking 
to the motions, saying much 

more than necessary , and most 
disruptive of all, using parlia-
mentary tricks rather than 
straightforwardly indicating 
their desires. The faculty 
members indulging in these 
actions may believe that they are 
somehow improving the 
meeting ' s function , but the 
general effect is to make a 
mockery of the democratic 
process. 

In swnmary, a great deal of the 
problem lies in the faculty itself, 
and it is the duty of faculty 
members individually and collec· 
tively to remedy the situation 
before they lose whatever voice 
they have in determining the 
future of the ooiversity. 

triton till1.es 
EOITOR. IN -CHIEF •. .•• •..•.. Steve Landau 

New s EdUor .... . , .... . , ...• Roger Shawley Manoagin, Editor ........ , HayWOOd Gammon 
Au oclate Editor __ _ ....•. , .•.• 8i11 Alaog lu AnDelat, Mlnag in, Editor ••.•. .• M ik.t Kllyer 
Au ocl.,. News Editor .••••... Rich Heimlich Copy Editor •..•••.....•.... Chuck Graham 
Ani"."' New s Editor •...••.• , Molly Setvln Auoci.te COpy Editor ... . .....•• Joe eastern 
Ans Editor .......... _ . .. . .. . .. Jeff Fried Photograph, Editor . . .. , .. ••.. Mark Trilling 
Sports Editor .•..... _ ... ...•. Steve Dorsch editorial Assista nt. ........ CarlO Neiburger 

Adv.rtising ...•....•........ Sus.n Cades 

STAfC~ WIII ITER S: Chris Bibb. Jason C.theert. Susan Graves. AIIHn Hleten.n. Owen Joyner. John 
MllIlweli . Jim Sills, O' ... e Stearns, Steve Strykec 

ARTS WR IT ERS : Llrry JoM>Oft . Terry Borak 

SPOR TS WR ITER S: Clrol Chlll lnlllGn , Fred Grunewlld 

STAFF AR TIST : Rober l A Cotten . 

PRODUCTI ON : Karen Glick. Judy Miff. Hally Hanes. Bob (!'len, Oa ... e Bark .. r 
PHOTOGRAPHER S: Vince MusuldO . Ken Tan igUC hI, Jim RlJtlpel 

The T RITON T IM ES Is otficil lly recognized and supported as I student neWSpltler b"; the (om 
muo lcalions Board ot Ihe Unlverslt"; of Cellfornla . san Diego, BUilding 250 Matthews Campus, La 
Joll • • Callforni • • "031 Publica t ion IS twice weeki"; on TueSdoys nd Frtdays through June S, ' 970 
Offices ere located In room 117. 81ake "'all . on the Revel ,e C.mpus For Advert lSln9 phone t.SJ 2000. 
X 1017 ; tOt' ed itor ial Of news phone X 1016 

.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. 
Want to receive the Triton Time! by ma i l ? Subscri ption 

' rates are $2 a quarter or $5 for tt,e academic year . Sub-
scribe now. Mail check or cash t(.; Triton T imes, Blake 
Hall, UCSD, La Jolla , 92037. 
'.:.:.:::.:,:.:.:.:,,:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:,:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: 

. . 

The Triton Times welcomes LETTERS TO TH E EDI -
TOR, and will print a~ many as space provid s. Letters 
shoul~ by typed , double-spaced with 60 unit margins. 
Please be as concise as possible ; do not elt eed 500 
words. We reserve the right to edit for space or libel ~ 
considerations unless specifica lIy indicated otherwise. 

Triton Times May 22, 1970 Page 7 



WESTERN STATE UNIVERSITY 

COLLEGE OF LAW 
announces 

the start of new classes 
at its campus in 

SAN DIEGO 
now accepting men and women 
who have a minimum of either ; 

• 2 y.ors.f .cce,t.~I. coli •• , 
'f.ll its (.0), .r.,. 
."ilit, 'h. ' tI" julu'.f .... n 

(Io~. 4.1., ,,,1 ••• ~y'I .. II. 

f lit LL.B. d'9'" CO" b. eorn.d in -4 yeo,' of port tim. clo" •• : 
) do"" p., .... k, 3 hou,. PI' clou . 

ENROLL NOW FOR 
SEPTEMBER 10th CLASSES 

(80'" Ooy ond flItni"g Clossll') 

• 

.,It. er .h .... '0' if,f.rM'U,,, Ir c ...... 
Z-~ Front and "C" Streets 

(opposite the law library) 
~ s: San Diego 

232-6506 
Th. d.", •• of l.lo l or J 0 . iII b. <anf.rred wpon gradu-
afton f,om Jh ... ·.,.or program of tho CoUeae of low, 
operoting 01 Q nan-profit educational inltitul lon. under 
Charte, of ,t.. State of Col.fo,"IO Groduat •• 0,. eligible 
to toll. the Collf."". Sf.t. I.r homlno' lon, 

Page 8 Triton Times May 22, 1970 

It is the latest and most graphically detailed on-
the-spot account of the new sexual freedom being 
enjoyed by the people of Denmark today! 
Through the eyes of the camera you will see com-
plete sexual activity in its most explicit form, 
from the pictorial stalls of the pornographic book 
stores in Copenhagen to the stages of their night 
clubs, IT'S ALL NEW! IT'S ALL TRUE! A motion 
picture experience you won' t soon forget! 
SOCIOLO(;JCAI.I.r FA\.J~ATI~C 1~ 

"COI'E~ IIACE~ HJiO" IS A~ I~TEJ\ ­
YJE\\, \\ '11' 11 O~E OF TilE " A(;1' -
HESSES," \\'110 I'AIITICIPATES J~ 
TIIIlEE (;HOL' P SEX SIIOWS DAILY, 
A;\; J) TJlE;\; FAITIIFlTI.LY C()~I ­

~JL TES 1I0:" E II" YOI.J\SW ACE;\' TO 
IIEII IJlJ S 'H~/) A;\'/) TWO KIDS" 

for consentin& ~dult men and women over 18 

SAN DIEGO 
STUDIO I" n 
451 W. BROADWAY 
234-1414 

Fil''''' '.,1 
LARGEST SELECTION: TO' WITHIN EURO;E; AFRICA, ASIA, 
SOVIET UNION. SPRING-SUMMER STILL OPEN. ALL OTHER 
TICKETS, TOO. OLDEST ACADEMIC ASSOC.: EAS:, 323 N. 
BEVERLY DR., BEVERLY HILLS, CAUF. fOZlO, (213) 276-8293 

327 F st. 

~ PAYS DONOIS 
for selYice 

Tue. - Fr1. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. " Mon. 

233 - 8328 ' 

Ila'iolla 
&4nrtl1 
1Iarktt: 

2259 Avebidl DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 459 - 3465 

Gr.(.rl.s, 
P"~'(" 
1I •• ,s, . 

WI •• " I •• , 
.. ------------------------------------~ ,-- ----------- ---_.' 

t '1 . 
r' ;ri 

" 

) 
z 

1I 

7 

J 

:J 
I' 

1 

Satyricon: G~\) Sex; 
Grotesque, 

Bizarre, dJ 
N 

Lesson One 

Bruce Geller 
Arts Writer 

a Bore 
At the entrance to the Guild 

theatre, there are two people, a 
policeman checking iden-
tification (you must be 21 to get 
in) and a woman collecting five-
dollar bills for tickets. (That 's 
right, $5 per person .) The 
audience consisted of several 
duos, two couples, two bald-
headed men, and two UCSD 
students , 

Dave Sacherman 
Arts Writer 

)ederico Fellini's most recent 
,ork, "Fellini Satyricon," is a bi-
'lrre, grotesque hallucination of 

',alUlting beauty. Sadly, it is also 
agmented in contin~ity, 
al,ow in thought, and ulti-

" • .':Itely monotonous. 
"Satyricon II is Fellini's docu-

1 I. ntary of a dream of antiquity 
and his adaptatipn of the bawdy 
satiric novel of Petronius written 
in the first Century A.D. The 
director also co-authored the 
'SCreenplay (Italian with English 
;ubtitles) and seems to be using 
the pre-Christian Roman world of 
::Iebauchery dW'ing the time of 
Nero as an analogue of the 
-nodem post-Christi~ . period . 

The ftlm follows stuaent-hero 
~ncolpius, his boy-lover Giton, 

·qho has the constancy of a cloud, 
Id his best friend, Ascyltus, as 
.ey wander across the face of 

. 'Ie Roman Empire, either parti-
cipating in (often as victims) or 
just observing orgies, feasts, 
festivals, mW'ders, arid abduc-
tions. Fellini has created an eerie 
subterranean world of magic and 
superstition, a world without 
values, government, faith , or 
conscience. It is an orgiastic 
world of human beasts and mon-
sters, of bloated, deformed 
freaks used to represent mystery 
and depravity. 

Purveying the glamor of 
Nickedness (though he seems to 
!Je saying that it's fWl that can't 
r eally be enjoyed) , his film is one 
long orgy of eating, drinking , 
:-ruelty, and copulation. Fellini 
appears to go all the way wi~ his 
infatuation with transvestism, 
nymphomania , and homosex-
uality to convey the idea that 
man without belief in God is a 
lecherous beast. He portrays a 
time when to be rich meant to be 
excessive. The people did not 
consume ; they indulged, 

However, his "Satyricon" is aU 
phantasmagoria and the fresco 
effect becomes not only monoto-
nous but a bit oppressive, He 
never does involve us as in true 
theatre of cruelty. During most of 
it, the viewer merely moves past 
groups of people exhibiting their 
grossness and abnormalities, a 
parade of leering , grinning 
cripples. There are moments 
when Fellini seems to have fallen 
into the cinema of the ridiculous 
and we ask oW'selves: Is this 
dwarf or this latest amputation 
really necessary? 

"Satyricon" is a confusing tale 
which never ends. The film 
iimply stops in mid-sentence. But 
one should not completely dis-
count the film, for if Fellini does 
not allow the viewer to arrive at 
understanding , he does offer him 
a poetic vision and a movie of his 
wildest dreams . The most 
spectacular aspect of the film, 

- - ----- - . 

The purpose of , the ARTS 
section of the Triton Times 
is to promote an interest in 
the cultural events of the 
campus and San Diego 
community . Opinions 
expressed in critical arti -
cles a re those of the 
writer . Information and 
press releases should be 
submiHeci to Jeff Fried, 
el 0 Triton Times. 

which is essentially descriptive 
rather than narrative or histori-
cal, is the decor and the color. 
Some of the set designs have a 
truly hypnotic quality, such as 
one depicting a ship which 
resembles a sea serpent. There 
are many beautiful images that 
seem like painted EI Greco can-
vasses. Everything has been in-
vented by the director, who has 
relied solely on his own imagina-
tion. Fellini scorns natW'al sun-
light, so even exterior landscapes 
have been photographed to 
suggest the exotic, steamy inter-
iors . The lighting is dreamlike : 
much darkness, night scenes, 
dimly lit interiors, and land-
scapes drenched in faded, Wlreal 
sun shines suggestive of an in-
ferno. The rooms are claustro-
phobic and nothing ' is airy or 
bright . 

The cast is a multi-national 
melange of amateW's and pro-
fessionals, and though almost all 
of the women are harpies of 
terrifying scale, " Satyricon" is 
no more about homosexuality 
than about ancient Rome. It is a 
surreal epic, often mysteriously 
beautiful , but ultimately a rather 
grotesque, disappointing bore, 

The film begins with a lecture 
on sex education by a man who 
bears a strange resemblance to a 
Tijuana taxi driver I once met. 
The lecture first takes on the 
nature of a seventh grade sex-
education class, with En-
cyclopedia Brittanica-type 
charts as visual aids. However, 
after impatiently listening to the 
lecture for several minutes, 
thoroughtly convinced that the 
movie bore redeeming social 
value, the real props were 
brought out - the Man and his 
Wife ( both are ostensibly 
wearing wedding rings, so fear 
not ), The couple (actually there 
were two couples, but I couldn 't 
tell them apart) go through the 
various positions of intercourse, 
with the narrator providing an 
erudite rWlning conunentary on 
what is transpiring. After wat-
ching 10 or 20 different positions, 
I left the theatre. The thrill had 
been minimal, and I had learned 
little more than it takes two. 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
On April 15th the decision was made 

, to offer to the members of the ASSO 
elATED STUDENTS of San Diego 

a GROUP-DISCOUNTED AUTO-
MOBILE INSURANCE POLICY. 
Collete ,Student Insurance Service has worke 
with the auto insurance industry for 5 years prov-
ing that the college student is NOT a bad risk. 

Associated Students only are offered substantial 
savings through this group-discounted policy. 

This policy is written throup the newly formed 
Associated Student Underwriters and serviced 10-

I cally under an exclusive agreement with College I Student Insurance Service. . ' 
For Further Information 

CALL 291-4335 
- 2223 EI Cajon Blvd. San Diego, Calil. 

Be aware of what is available to tlO'U NOW as an Asso-
ciated Student. 

A mlstres~? 
A :nur ,j ~r~ss? 

A terror ized victim? 

"Rider on 
the Rain" 

ol:ege 
EL CAJON BLVD. AT 63RD ST. • 286·1455 

• 
:;; 

TIle Peeping Tom Sf,;'es Once More 

Bruce Geller 
Arts Writer 

If you're a college student and the naked lady is a guest lecturer in 
your sex education class, you would probably show little surprise and 
respond as you would to any other lecturer. If however , you're a 
middle-aged woman and find yourself in a similar situation, you would 
probably scream and run out of the classroom, 

The candid camera is again on the loose-but this time its peering 
eyes pry into the wonderful world of sex. Allen Funt, directing his first 
movie, has the op'portunity to present many scenes that never would 
have made it on Sunday night television- Priscilla Goodbody and the 
network censors would have had fits . 

The fibn, though very entertaining and amusing, provides few real 
surprises for the hard-core college student. I feel rather safe in assum-
ing, especially in light of audience reaction, that most in the above-30 
generation would be rather shocked by how far things have progressed 
in this area, Even Allen Funt seems to have gotten something out of 
the filming, He learns to use the word "balling" instead of "get very 
intimate with" from interviewing well-experienced Greenwich Village 
hippies. 

"Naked Lady" currently co-features with "Medium Cool" at the 
California Theater. They made for the most interesting evening I have 
spent at the movies this year . 

Mart Crowley'S 
··Tti~~ 

~ 
Ttit:~lyt. 

... IS not d musicdl. 
(,*,br~ ~R.JGl 

aDri 
PARK ILYD AT UN'YERSITY AYE • • 291-0571 

FINALWEEK! 
Michelangelo Antonioni' 
,IABRISKIE 

POIII' A-~~ 
Vone .. o Redgrove BLOW-UP David Hemming' . Sarah Milp, 

,. __________ ~ ~0I.04tbQndl0 00 

Jewish Students Association and The International Cluh 
annOU,lce 

ISRAELI NIGHT 
1111JIJ 

Israeli foods will be served to the background of Mtddle-
Eastern music. Dances origtnath15 from ~he Kibbutzim 
will be demou;'.rated and tau~(.t. To complete the evening 
there will be an IsraeU-prodlll!"~1 film and extensive cuI-
tunl exhibit. 
A 1\ food and activities are oHered free of charge, 

SATURDAY EVENING MAY 23 
NORTH DINING HAll 

For information contac Oreet Zohar at 45:1.-93;)7. 

Love is not a radio station , , . It's an att itude , And, that' s the 
way it is w ith Love, the new programming on KSEA·FM. 97.3 , 
In fact it really isn't new. It's been around for thousands of 
years, I't's called Love, Not the hearts and flowers kind. It 's the 
brotherhood kind , Th~ eaTing for people. And trying to he lp 
them, It's progressive rock , Because, like you . it's got some· 
thing to say , And. it 's the language of our generation , , , 
progressive rock , The Beatles. the Bee Gees , Blood Sweat and 
Tears, It has all the discipline of claSSical mU SIC, but far grea te r 
relevance to our t lmesl It's our music , With meaning! Although 
the method of transmission is stereo rad io KSEA·FM. our 
message of Love is rapidly becoming a whole new medium In 
itself. Love is a feeling , . , an understanding and canng for 
humanity , It 's the new social awareness expressed in words and 
music by us , , , the youth of today I That almost neglected 
group . , , you and me , . . music the way we like it ,. the 
way we feel it on KSEA· FM. 97 ,3. MUSIC Isn ' t he only pro' 
gressive thing about Love. It 's Brother John read" g hiS poems. 
Or yours , , . or mine. Because poetry heightens the meaning 
of the music, It·s Bob Lewis trying to Improve tIlat language 
. , . because progressive rock IS all we play. I t 's Ho /\lard Sm ith. 
getting you involved with what 's go,ng on ': ' anj relating ~ t 
back to the IT\'Jsic . It 's Jimmy Rabbit relating With you. It s 
progressive rock , , . because it's got som~\i""\IIU ..,y , "'''u fI ' , 
the language of our generation , . , It 'S what we're trying to put 
across to our world , It 's what everyone should fee l J t 's LOVE 
.. , on KSEA·FM. 91,3, 

KSEA.-FM 00:.3 
Triton Times May 22.1970 Page 9 

\ I , ~ I"j I I ,I • I' 



mural Interest Soars 
Rocky Bailon 
Sports Writer 

For years now there has been a 
rumor that UCSD is not one of the 
" Sport Powerhouses '" of the 
nation, attracting the strong of 
mind ( ? ), but not of body. In light 
of this fascinating contention it 
should be noted that there were 48 
teams signed for intramural 
softball, which means a total 
participation of nearly 600 
students. 

In view of the wide acclaim 
that Intramurals have received 
throUihout the year with football, 
basketball, softball, and coun-
tless other sports, I would like to 
suggest that a comparative look 
should be given to the intramural 
and intercollegiate department 
budgets, taking nothing away 
from our excellent voneyball 
team (which often puts us in the 
news); but also keeping in mind 
the outstanding participation in 
intramurals and the poor gate in 
intercollegiates. 

would mean immediate benefits 
to the student body; backstops 
for softball, better fields for all 
sports, better and more efficient 
equipment, the possibilities are 
endless. 

Thinclads Hit Final Hurdle, 
NAIA Meet Ends Season 

Robert Miller 
Sports Writer 

For UCSD to get 600 of 
anything together, not to speak of 
600 rally-worn veterans, out into 
the playing field is a major ac-
complishment, a great deal of 
credit should be given to the 
intramurals people, led by that 
jolly Purple Gopher Lee Johnson. 

I would like to see a bit more 
consideration given to the in-
tramural department at our next 
budget meeting. A better budget 

My hopes for UCSD to become 
a " Power House" in sports is not 
dead, but it is virtually unfeasible 
to think that that goal can be 
accomplished now. Our school is 
too small and too uninterested in 
" glory" games. Therefore the 
~kely follow-up is a beefed up 
mtramural program. 

In closing, a big word of thanks 
should go to all the people who 
participated, and future 
congratulations to the Deanza 
boys, who proved that 
motherhood and apple pie only 
come second to wine, women and 
song, as they were beaten by the 
arch villains the Purple Gophers 
(good luck at Davis). 

The NAIA Track and Field 
Olampionships for District III 
were held on May 15 and 16 at 
Wesbnont College and La Playa 
Stadium in Santa Barbara. Cal 
Western and Redlands finished 
first and second, respectively. 
UCSD finished last in a field of 
fourteen teams with a total of five 
MintS. 

The principal function of the 
District Olampionships was to 
qualify perfonners for the NAIA 
National Track and Field 
Olampionships to be held in 
Billings, Montana on June 5 and 
6. The Triton team did not place 
anyone in the finals at Billings; 
however, the 14-member team 
did place three of its athletes into 

MISSION VALLEY. GROSSMONT 

the District III finals. 

.§tanbu' l?e§taurant 
,Specializing in Middle Eastern Foods. 

Shish Kabob and other exotic dl,hes. 
LIVE Arabic. Turkish. ,. Greek Enllrtlinment 

provided by the internationally famous 
Antoine Ha,5e, on the OUD 

OPEN DAILY n • .m. tI n p.m. 
SPECIAL 99C luncheon 

d.ily 11 ..... -3 p.m. 
1250 PROSPECT 4542334 

Chevrolet. Right Car. 
Right Price. Right Now. 

~- .. " .. -'~==-"' ~ ~, ~-.:::::.:::::::,:;;o,===~ 

NOW ON SALE. Impala, America's most popular car. 
You simply buy any Impala V8 model. 

. And you. simply order Turbo Hydra-matic transmission, radio, 
white stripe lIre~, front and rear bumper guards and the convenient 
Comfortllt steering wheel. Then we include a big regular fuel 400-
cubic-inch V8 and dual exhausts. 

At no extra charge, during The Big Impala 400 Sale . 

Nova now 5159 LESS'" 
Now you can order a new ova at 

a SI59 price reduction. 
Coupe or sedan. 

F~ur., six- or eight-cylinder engine. 
. With the e ovas the day-night 

n mor, bias belted ply tire, cigarette 
lighter and eat. belt r~tractor , fo rmerly 
standard, are sti ll ava ilable a options. 

Place you r order at your he vy dealer's. 

Chevelle . 5148 LESS* Chevelle. 5147 LESS· 
than our ~revlOUs lowest priced 4· door. Iha n ou r prevIous lowest priced hardtop. 
America s most popular mid-Size Now America 's lowest priced 
sedan at a new low price. mid-size hardtop. 

We took America's best selling mid-size car. Then added 
twp new lo":"er priced models. Lower priced they are But lower 
priced looking and feeling they arell' l . 

Monte Carlo is hundreds of dollars less than 
other personal luxury cars. H lilldreds. 

Yet ~onte Carlo's a car of thickly padded 
eats. An Instrument panel with the look of 
arpa til ian burled elm. Plush carpeting. 

Monte arlo is every bit the luxury car. 
Monte Carlo Luxury for only 53,123* Try the real thing at your hevro let dealer's, 

·B ••• d on manuf,elu.p, . 'uggo" d •• ,.,1 p,ie •• , ,ntlud 4; : i 11-~ 1oiii!.411/1' I GM I 
Ing If!der.1 axcls" 18)1' and !ugge4ltftd dulor new vehlcl. - - ... 
Dlep.'lllOn charQ85 Oeslrnallon charQs5. lIa'8 and local 
"'PI .n~ OP"onal eQu,pm."' add'''on., Putting you first, keeps us first. 

Steve Garofolo placed fifth in 
the discus with a toss of 131 feet. 
In the high jump, Bob Lemmon 
leaped over the bar at 6 feet 2 
inches to place in the event. Don 
Nelson continued his im-
provement in the pole vault by 
reaching a level of 13 feet to place 
fifth . 

Several other members of the 
Triton squad did not qualify for 
the District III finals, but they did 
turn in creditable perfonnances. 
In the 440-yard relay the Triton 
team of Jay Harrison, Joe Mc-
Carthy, Phil Beauchamp, and 
Bob Lemmon ran a 43.8 to place 
seventh in their heat. Bob 
Holzinger ran a 2:03.4 in the first 
heat of the 880 yeard run to place 
seventh, while Dave Robinson 
ran a 2:08. Steve Ivy participated 
in the javelin throw, but he too 
did not place. 

Bob Lemmon did not qualify in 
the 120 yard high hurdles as he 
was unable to finish. Jerry King 
suffered an unfortunate fall in the 
3000 meter steeplechase which all 
but knocked him out of the race. 
According to Coach Andy Skief, 
theperfonnances, except for Bob 
Lemmon's run in the 120 yard 
high hurdles,- accurately 
represented UCSD's per-
fonnance in Santa Barbara. 

UCSD footba" 
Team Sought 

A revitalized interest in an 
intercollegiate football program 
at UCSD has been initiated by 
two Revelle College freshmen 
Paul Mitsch and Mike Ditoma~. 
Athletic Director Howard Hunt 
has approved a tentative 
program pending the response of 
mterested students. 

A student referendum last year 
eliminated intercollegiate 
football on this campus by 
defeating a player request for 
financial aid . Mirsch and 
Ditomaso have proposed the 
reinstatement of football as a 
club type of operation with 
competition with other schools of 
similar enrolhnent and athletic 
philosophies. There would be no 
financial aid to the players, and 
athletes would compete on their 
own incentive in the same 
manner as basketball and 
baseball. 

The expenses in this program 
would be minimal , since UCSD 
already has complete football 
equipment in storage, and the 
new coach would probably come 
from the ranks of the Tritons' 
present Athletic Department 
staff. 

Undergraduate men students 
at UCSD who are interested in 
competing in football next Fall 
should contact Coach Hunt's 
office in the Physical Education 
Department (campus ext . 2275) 
and leave their names and phone 
numbers before next Friday, 
May 29. If the response is suf-
ficient, an organizational 
meeting will be arranged and 
plans will be made for Spring and 
Fall practice sessions as well as a 
1970 schedule . 

Students Unpaint Revelle 
SUIIUI Graves 
StaHWrlter 

Twenty-foW' UCSD students of various political 
backgrounds formed an "unpalnting" party 
Saturday to remove the slogans painted on the walls 
of Revelle College buildings. 

According to Revelle senior Ouis Bibb and junior 
Susan Graves, who organized the party, the group 
had no political orientation, but was composed of 
students who were upset about the defacement of 
Revelle's architectlD'e and who felt that the damage 
harmed rather t~an helped anyone's cause. 

The group ran from those who sympathized with 
the UCSD students' efforts to end the war to those 
backing President Nixon in his efforts. 

Jim Williams, a Muir senior originally from 
Virginia, said that he had come to see UCSD as his 
home and though he may have agreed with some of 
the slogans, he felt that his home need not be 
defaced by the blotches of paint unesthetically 
splashed across the buildings. 

~im Williams and Chris Bibb, both graduating 
thl.S ~une, also said they wanted to make the 
bwldings presentable for Commencement. 

Music Dept. 
Center Opens 

Terry Barak 
Arts Writer 

Members of the UCSD Music 
Department opened a Music 
Mo bilization and Information 
Center (MMIC) yesterday. The 
center, which is located in the 
music recital room on Matthews 

~pus (MC 4(9 ), will be open 
dally, Monday through Friday, 
from noon to 1 or 2 p.m. 

According to its sponsors in the 
Music Department, "MMIC will 
include both planned and in-
formal activities, and prepare 
tapes of daily activity for 
eventual radio transmission . 
Underway are programs for 
mobile musical units for off-
campus propaganda and protest 
purposes, and jam sessions as 
needed . New proposals are en-
couraged. Anything that 
promotes the use of music as a 
social and political force to 
protest illegal and immoral acts 
of war perpetrated by our 
government at home and abroad 
are appropriate." 

In addition, a booth will be set 
up on the lawn area in front of the 
Matthews Campus cafeteria in 
order to attract attention to the 
movement and to direct people to 
the recital room. • 

MMIC urges everyone to come 
. out and join in their activities. To 

sch~d.ule a session, contact 
mUSICians, or arrange electronic 
help for your socio-politico-
musical efforts, or just to find out 
what is going on, call 4S3-EDNA. 

Want to receive the Triton 
Times by mail? Subscrip-
tion rates are $2 a quarter 
or $5 for the academic 
year. Subscribe now. Mail 
check or cash to: Triton 
Times, Blake Hall, UCSD, 
La Jo lIa, 92037. 
ADVERTISERS: The Tri-
to.n Times is the most 
WIdely read publication on 
campus. In addition to the 
4,000 undergraduates on 
the UCSD campus, there 
are an equal number of 
graduate students, faculty 
members, and other 
personnel. Advertising 
rates decrease as the fre-
,uency of your advertising 
Increases. For Information 
contact Chela Wakefield at 
453-2000, Xl017. 

Every once in a while during the day students 
would come over to watch the workers and join in a 
few moments later with sponge in hand. 

Several of the students in the party had worked in 
th.e student-community groups sent out to the San 

Di.e~o area and many had commented on the bad 
feelings the defacement of the buildings had caused. 

The group used a number of special cleaners to 
remove the tempera and oil-base paints from the 
rough surfaces. Gloves, rags, sponges, brushes and 
several cleaners were furnished by Physical Plant 
and acetone was furnished by one of the chemistr; 
laboratories in Urey Hall. 

John ~petina, head of Hi-Continental (UCSD's 
food set'Vlce), donated lunches and beverages to 
those participating in the clean-up. 

Durmg one morning coffee break of the Academic 
Senate meeting, faculty members came out to 
thank students for their efforts. 

The students will get together tomorrow at 10 
a .m. for another round of "unpainting " this time meet~g at the mail box in front of' Urey Hall 
Lapetma has promised free lunches again as th~ 
b
stlutdehots seek to paint over the mostly-r~moved 

o c es on Urey. 

When summer's here 
and you're back home 
on vacation 
what's going to 
happen to your 
school checking 
account with a 
balance down to 
zero and you not 
writing checks for 
3 months 
or more? 

GULLS NEST 
TUESDAyS .... 

6:00 to 10:00 p.m. 

MEXICM DI""ER I 60~ 
two beef enchiladas, 
beans, and fried rice 
Happy Hour Margaritas 60~ 

WEDNESDAyS .... 
8:00 to 12:00 p.m. 

FOLK SINGERS "HOOT" NIGI'T 
Singers, Guitarists, 
Banjoists welcomed! 

THURSDAyS .... 
7:30 p.m. on .... 

SPORTS. FIGHTS. AND OLD TIMI: fiLMS 
Films on sports, surfing, boxing, 
CharIte Chaplin, Laurel & Hardy, etc. 

FRIDAyS .... 
GIANT HAPPY HOUR 5:30-1:30 ·SATURDAYS ... . 
Free hot hors d'hoerves, drinks 50~ 6:00 to 11:00 p.m. 
BEER DRINKING CONTEST 1:30 C~UNTRY FISH FRY 
(reservations in advance); With french fries and tartar 
Silver Mug awards sauce All You Can Eat $1.50 

Beer 35~ 
. TURTLE RACES .t 9:00 

3595 SP9RTS ARENA BLVD. (opposite Sports Arena) 
224-2705 

If it 's like checking accounts at 
most banks, you'lI pay a servic~ charge 

for noth ing . or let it drop and 
hassle getting a new one come fall. 

At Bank of Amer ica you can reduce your 
balance to zero during summer vacation 

and you won 't have to pay a penny's 
maintenance charge, or bother with a 

monthly statement . When you return to 
school , make a deposit the normal way and 
your account is ready to go to work again . 
Another th ing . Since Bank of America has 

more branches than any other bank in 
California, chances are you'll be able to 

transfer the balance in your Bank of " merica 
school branch to the Bank :>f America 

branch in your home town . Just tell your 
school branch you want to transfe ' your ba l-

ance to a Bank of Amer ica near YOL r sUI"mer 
address. They ' ll find the branch that's most 

conven ient for you and make the transfer so your 
accou n't will be ready as SOOI" "f ~'~U ;o( t , c . 

And that could be nice to know. if you're graduating . 

BANKOFAMERICAm 
fa- the busi1ess ci ~ 

Bank 01 AmenC8 N.al lQt\(II l ru51 Sa"H'IgS A. ,al lOt' • ~embt' r FOIC 

Triton Times May 22. 1970 Pag~ 11 



tonight 
Friday Night at the Mov ies : "Con · 
tempt" and "Raga ." US B 2722, 7:30 
p .m . 

Coffee Hut Enterta inm ent : 9 p .m . 

AMES F ilm Ser ies, Hl Aud . The film 
"Turbulence" will be shown at high 
noon . 

Jo int S10 and Marine Biology Sem i· 
nar, Sumner Aud ., S10, " The Sea · 
level Canal Problem ," by Or . 
William Newman , high noon . 

Philosophy Colloqu ium, USB 3070, 
" Chomsky on language and Mind ," 
by Prof. Harry Bracken . 3 p.m . 

Bioengineering Sem inar. 2100 Basic 
Science Bldg .. School of Medicine. 
"Bioengineering Aspects in Urology." 
by Dr . R. F . Gilles. 3 p .m . 

Mathematics Colloquium, Bldg . 2A. 
Mu i r . "An Ax iomat ic Approach to 
Rounded Computat ions." by Prof. U. 
Kul isch . University Of Karlsruhe. 
Germany. v isiting University of Wis 
cons in. 4 p.m . 

saturda, 
Sam Hinton in concert with " Oid 
Songs for Young Folks" from 9' 30 to 
10 : 30 a .m . UCSD Gym . no adm ission 
charge. 

The final touches to the " unpa inting" 
of Revelle and Muir will beg in today 
at 10 a .m . at the mail box in the front 
of Urey Hail. Pa int and brushes will 
be provided , as well as free bag 
lunches from the Cafeter ia . Wear old 
clothes and be prepared for three 
hours of " pa int ing the red biotches 
beige." 

Cornelius Ca rdew and UC SO 
Cham ber Musicians in Concert in the 
Rec i tal Hall . 409 Me. 7 p .m . 

Coffee Hut Entertainment : 9 p .m . 

sund., 
tNORA OEVI speaks and presents 
films on Sat ya Sai Ba ba. UCSD Gym. 
at 7 p .m . 

Mu ir Cinema : featuring "Ear th": 
Dovzhenko and " Skin" : Linder . 

Seminar Ser ies : " Values of Aesthe· 
tics" by Bob Bates . Sunday . May 24. 
Hl Aud .• 7 p .m . 

Guided tour of the School of Med icine 
Basic Science Building . 2 p .m . 

monda, 
Academ i c games and creat i ve 
learn ing workshop, language lounge 
across from Environmen ta l Design 
Center In Revelle Commons. Mike 
Abrams. Simile 11 . 7:30 p .m . 

UCSD Musi ci ans for peace br ing 
music to Revelle College at noon in the 
Informal lounge and Language 
lounge. Come and support the Music 
Mobili zat ion and Information Center 
and help promote the use of music as a 
SOC ial , political . and non ·verbal force 
to protestthe ill egal and immoral acts 
of war . Included is music of Brahms , 
Mozart. and Strav insky . 

thursda, 
Sumnernoo n Se r ies : Concert of 
Baroque music and songs by Jeff 
Rask in . Paseo Del Ocasiona ies. and 
others . S10 Sumner Aud .• noon . 

frids, 
Dept. of Ph i losophy presents 
Professor Avrum Stroll speaking " On 
A Certain Tension i n Plato's 
Republ ic ." Revelle Informal lounge, 
3 p.m . 

UCSD Li bert ar ian Alliance teach ·in 
on Revelle Plaza from noon to 2 p .m . 
The theme w ill be " Alternat ives of the 
State ." 

FRIDAY NIGHT 
AT THE MOVIES 

ICONTEMPTI 
DIRECTED BY GODDf RD 

USB 2122 7:30 

COFFEE HUT 
ENTE RTAINMENT 

FRIDAY AND SATURDAY 9:00 P.M. 
MIKE HERRON 

BOB PHELPS 
DAVE BURGER 

WEDNESDAY 9:00 P.M. 
ICAT BALLOUI 
COMING EVENTS 
REMEMBER 

THE WATERMELON aUEEN? 
SEE THE WfTERMELON DROP FROM 

7th flOOR UREY 1:00, MONDfY JUNE 8 
PI RTICIPf TE IN THE CONSUMPTION OF 

( ONE TON OF FREE WfTERMElONS 
~~ IT THE COFFEE HUT [ 
~l) IMMEDIfTElY \ 

FOllOWING THE DROP! 

th,.'.r 
AbraxlS : Fr i · May 22. Saturday 

and 23 . Anomaly F ac tory. 8:30 p .m. 
Ticke ts are avall abl e in Arts and L ec · 
tur es (453·6151) of at the door . 

Midsummer Night ' s Dream : Satur . 
day May 16 and 23, Monday Ma y 18. 
UCS D Theater. 8 p .m . 

Caucasian Chalk Circle : Fr iday May 
15 an d 22. Sunday M ay 17 and 24 . UC· 
SO Thea ter . 8 p .m . 

ACADEMY THEA T t: R - People's 
movies every Sunda y at 2 p .m . Ca ll 
281·4000. 

"The Natch" is coming to San 
Diego Friday night May 22 at 
one A.M. 

"The Natch" is total en-
vironment featuring top groups 
(this week: Glory,from San Diego) 
light shows, films of all types, 
experimental tapes, and organic 
foods and juices. This week free 
passes to the Underground Cin-
ema at the Academy and Fine 
Arts Theaters will be distributed 

" The Natch" will be a weekly 
happening every Friday night at 
one A.M. atthe Fine Arts Theater 
Admission will be one dollar. 

meetings 
Inter nat ional Club M eeting : The new 
Constitution will be adopted and 
elections for next year officers will be 
held . 

An informal meeting describing the 
object i ves of the National 
Organization for Women will be held 
Friday evening. M ay 22. al 8 p .m. at 
the home of Helen and Bill Hawkins, 
6949 Fairway Road, la Jolla . This 
women's r ights organ iza ti on 
welcomes both men and women to its 
membership. For more Information 
call 459-7550. 

announcements 
Attention all student loan borrowers . 
Graduating students or students who 
do not plan to return to UCSD for the 
fall quarter and who have outstand ing 
N DEA. Regents or other type loans. 
should contac t the loan Collect ion 
Off ice. 204 Matthews Campu s. 
regard ing an exit interview. 

Students going into the teach ing field 
after gradua ti on may have up to 100% 
of the ir NDEA loan cancelled . and 
students who go into m ili tary servi ce, 
Peace Corps or V ista arr e el ig ible for 
po s tponem ent of NDEA ioan 
repayments for up to 3 years . Can -

. cell at ions and postponements are not 
automatic and are granted on ly upon 
receipt of the necessary forms by the 
Loan Collect ion Off ice . 

Appointm ents may be arranged by 
cal ling Jane F itzgerald of Flo Rogers , 
ex tension 2616. 

The TRITON TIMES w ill open up a 
new bureau at Scr ipps next fal l. 
W illi am Nier enberg . director at S10, 
has offered a special off ice, w ith desk 
and typewri ter for a wr iter who w i ll 
cover facult y and student pro jec ts 
throug hout th e year , and get to know 
wh at work goes on the " lower cam · 
pus ." All grad uat e and undergraduate 
students are w elcomed to apply for 
the special position at the TT off ice. 
117 Blake. Revelle . w i th in the next two 
weeks . 

Third College Admissions Com-
mittee needs the use of 50 bicycles 
from 9 a.m. to about 6 p.m. on 
Saturday May 23rd. These bikes 
will be used for orientation ac-
tivities with visiting high school 
s tudents. Anyone who would like 
to loan their bike should contact 
the Third College office at 453-
2000, X 2101 and make the ne-
cessary arrangements. 

KSDT needs strong, 
healthy, young, virile 
men and women to 
join our news staff. If 
seen contact Bruce 
Baron, news director, 
or call at X 1156, or 
453-6252. Hazardous 
duty pay not included. 
Lots 'of love is. 

University Hospital Open House : May 
31. 1:30 to 5 p .m . 
The results of last Friday's AS Poll on 
student 's v iews toward President 
Ni xon ' s d i spatch of ~roops into 
Cambodia are 13 Yes and 24 No. The 
results w ill be forwarded to the 
Wash ington D.C. headquarTer s by the 
AS th is week. 

Attention all Seniors : Plans are 
zipping along for the end -of -the -year 
bash for the Ciass of 1970. Pay your 
$4 .50 dues next week in Revelle Plaza , 
wh ich w i ll go for a party on Saturda y 
May 13, in Matthews Cafeter ia and a 
sen ior g i ft. Those intending to par -
t icipate in commencement exerci ses 
should be sure to order the ir caps and 
gowns today at the latest from 
Un i ve r sit y Bookstore . An -
nouncem ents are also ava i lable at the 
Bookstore . 

Will be dr iv ing to Aspen , Colorado the 
evening of June 12. Plan to drive 
stra ight through . Would like passen -
ger.dr i ver· to accompany me and also 
help w i th gas ( Have Datsun so gas 
won·t be too bad ) . I can be reached at 
453·2000. ext. 1382, dur ing the day and 
459·6387 even ings. S. Graves. 

clsssifieds 
Complete Weddings 20 Color 8 by 10' s 
in album , $7S . 284-6087 . 

Reward and no questions asked for the 
return of the Honeywell Penta x Spot-
matic that was stolen from Revelle 
Cafeter ia . Come to Triton Tim es 
Office. 

Roommate wanted . House to share, 
La Jolla , oceanview, 10 minutes from 
UCSD, private bedroom. 156S Soledad 
Ave., $130 month . 4S9-480S. 
'68 Cortina GT- New tires and clutch, 
$16S0 or best offer. Call Bill at 4S3-693 1. 
' 65 International Scout, 4-wheel drive, 
OD-great for back country . $800 or 
trade for VW Bus. 453-472S . 

Groovy Part-time lob. Long hair OK . 
See Earle 5-6 p.m. 1967 First Ave., San 
Diego. 

For Sale : 19 Shotl 22 Rifle, $40 or best 
offer . Evenings at 75S-8732. 

Agr iculturist-Biologist Trainee, $647-
786. Bachelors Degree with major or 
minor in Agriculture or closely re-
lated field . College seniors may apply 
now. County of San Diego, 1600 Pacific 
Coast Hwy ., Room 403,92101. 

Service-on-Schedule : distinctive typ-
ing. I BM exec ., Helen, 4S9-8828. 

A speciai - meeting of the San Diego 
Open Forum to discuss "St ud ent 
Dissent an d the War " will be hel d th is 
Satur '1 a y. May 23. at 7:30 p .m . at the 
First Un itar ian Ch urch . 4190 F ront 
Street . For f ur th er intor m at ion 
contact the Peop le to People off ice 
through 453·EDN A . - --- --------

Chr is t i an Sc ience Organization : Mon· 
day 7 p .m . Infor mal lounge 

Jewish Students Organization : Mon· 
day 9 p .m . In formal lounge 

SIMS : Thursday 8 p .m . US B 3020. 

Items of particular interest to the university community 
can be included in the KIOSK section free of charge. 
Material should be submitted as it is to be published, 
should be typed, and should not exceed SO words. We 
reserve the right to edit. Deadline is 5 p.m ., two school 
days prior to publication. 

CAL JET CHARTERS 
MD."" 1M "' ..... ~ te_ ~ - ~~ ...... ,,.... ......... .,.. •. 

I~ flm. a .... M ........ _t et ........ m'nut •. " 
ALL "LIQHTS VIA T .. ANI 'NTa"NAT'ONAL A'''WAYS 0" 
SATU"N AI .. WAYI OC-a SUN:"~IITS W'TH CO""LI ... HTA"Y 
M.AU ANO •• VlltAGU. 

One-way nights still available 
.... 40CM - OH. WAY - OAKLAND/AMsTa"DAM 

"UNlla ••••••••• ••••• " . 1 .. . ............ .. , •• 
.... .. , - OAKLANO/LAIAMSTa .. DAM 
. S."I ...... 10 . • • • • • • • • • • • ••• ,. ,' . • • • • • • • • • ••• als 

Summer round-trip flights still available 
H •• 'U - OAKLANO/AMSTI"OAM . 

"UNI , ....... ". ................... .. ~ •••••• .12.-
.... 400t - OAKLAND/AMSTI"OAM' 

"UNI "....aPTI ...... 7 :.,.......... ....... .. a .. 
Ho. sal - OAKLANO/AMSTI .. OAM I 

"UNI17~.~" •• " , • •••••••.• .- • • • • •••••. 11" 
.... sal - N.W YO"KILOHDON 

"UN"" '~.~".E'" ._ ................... .. ," 
Ho. III - OAKLANOILOHOON 

"UNll4-11.UQUST. aCt . . .... ................... an' 
.... '41 -+ OAKLAN~!'&.Os ANO.LU -. A""tlfD'~M 

AUQUST fa -1CPT.M .. " II. • . •.•..••........ .Jan No. 1.' - OAKLANO/AMSTt"OAM CR .. M ..... , 
.lUL V ~UOUST 1. • ••• _ _ • • _. _ •. _ • _ _ _ ______ ..... 
- SPECIALI! INTER.£UROPE STUDENT . . 

~HARTER FUGHD 
'n cO"",neUon wttll eel "fIt "111M' ,1st ......... , .t t.nta.tlellty 
rMunll rIIt ... Stu ... nt .... rt .. t. , ..... , T ....... CNortll At,Ica, • 
... t A' ..... . TUr1cey. G..-e ........ , M.lta • • 1I4I Ilnr (Tel A" .. , . 
., .. ".H ... 1e .t ,""CM ,..... 
CALL 0" WRITI NOW ~O" FU .. TH." IN"ORMATION AND 
APPLICATIONI 

WRITE: CeI.IIt Chertln 
-. 21150 0,.. St. or 

Sen FrillCiIoo. c.. 84123 
."' ... 

PHONE: (416'922·1434 (A_a and 
...... , 

TO EUROPE 
IVERSITY CHARTER FLIGHT 
June 21/Sept.13 R. T. $299 
July 3 / Sept.l1 R.T. $299 
Sept. 4 One Way $139 

All Intra-Europe Student Flights 
Amsterdam-Athens $ 34 
London-Tel Aviv $ 77 

Backed by reliable. experienced 
Travel Agency. Prof. P. Bentler 
c/o Sierra Travel Inc. 9875 San-
ta Monica Blvd. Beverly Hills 
i,g,13 274-0729 & 274-0720 

Available at 
GUY URQUHART 

1041 Columbia Street 
San Otego, CalUornla 

Triton Tim~~ .NvJy. 22. 1970 Page 12 


