
t ito 
F,ill_" Ap,il 3, 1110 Uni".,.it, of C.lifolni., S.n Di.go Vol. 10 No. 1 

UC Extension Director Martin and Prof, Herbert Marcuse 

Publi,c Committee to Choose 
New Chancellor For UCSD 

by Jim SIlls 
Staff Writer 

The UC President's Search Conunittee is now 
ope~ to nominations for Cllancellor, committee 
chaIrman James Arnold armounced this week. Any 
member of the academic corrununity may propose a 
successor to William J. McGill, he said. 

Arnold also ~evealed .the full membership of the 
sear<;!h commIttee, which was appointed by UC 
PreSIdent Charles Hitch. Six of the 11 committee 
members are UCSD faculty : Gabriel Jackson 
George Mandler, Walter Munk, Melford Spiro: 
Herbert Stern, and Arnold. Representing the other 
campuses are UC Berkeley's Chancellor Roger 
Heyns, and UCLA's Vice-Olancellor Rosemary 
Park. Three .of the members are UCSD students : 
~ob~rt Carrillo, Lance Levinthal, and Jeff Ben-
Jamm. 

Students to form 
Parallel Committee 

. 

AS President Jeff Benjamin announced this week 
the formation of a student " research committee" to 
aid the campus Search Committee for a new 
chancellor. 

. ~e purpose~ of the commit~, ~e said, are to ( 1) 
aId m developmg a set of crIterIa for choosing a 
chancellor; (2) suggest a review of names in-
cluding nominees backgrounds researched' by 
telephone, mail, or in person; and (3) develop files 
on the nominees as was done at Columbia 
University, where a student committee investigated 
Chancellor McGill and made a report before he was 
finally approved by the Board of Trustees. 

"Perhaps for the first time," Benjamin said, "the 
students can make their interests known effectively 
at the top of the decision-making process. The fact 
that we are on a search committee is indicative of 
the weight we carry. We don't decide who the 
chancellor will be - the Regents decide that . But 
the Regents will never choose one the campus is 
unable to live with." 

Benjamin suggested a few considerations the 
~arch Committee ought to use in choosing names. 
FIrst, a c~ance.llor .should be willing to develop a 

~ood relatIonshIp WIth the surrounding community 
I~ order . to aVOId making the university into an 
"Ivory tower." Second, he should be able to work 
well w~th the Regents and be responsive to the needs 
of ThIrd College. And third, he should be a 
" teacher" who i interested in student develop-
ment. 

To join the student research committee Ben-
Jamin said , students should contact him at hi; office 
In 250 MC or at 453-2000, ext. 1913. 

To nominate a candidate one should submit 
rtames to Arnold (5310 Physics-Olemistry ) or to AS 
President Jeff Benjamin (250 MC). 

According to Benjamin, the Search Committee 
will submit its list of noininations, in order of pre-
ference, to UC President Charles J . Hitch. Hitch in 
turn, will submit one name at a time to the Rege~ts ' 
Search Committee. 

If the Regents' committee disapproves of the first 
name, it will ask for another, which Hitch will draw 
from his cominittee. In case of a deadlock, as when 
no name submitted was acceptable to replace John 
S. Galbraith in 1968, the Regents will confer with the 
faculty-student committee to find a sui table 
nominee. 

When the Regents' committee finds a candidate it 
approves, it will recommend him to the Board of 
Regents in executive session, and the 24 members 
will vote for McGill 's replacement. 

Benjamin hoped that the Search Committee 
would ~ome up with its list before the Regents 
recess 10 August. " If we do not approach the Board 
by then," he said, "no one will be able to replace 
McGill, when he leaves the first of September, since 
the Regents do not meet in August." 

McGill was voted to replace Galbraith at the 
June , 1968, Regents ' meeting, after nine months of 
searching. 
The following is the text of Arnold 's statement on the 
Search Committee : 

" The Presidenl of the University has appOinted a faculty . 
student comm i ttee to adv ise h im and the Board of Regents 
concerning the appointment of a new chancellor for UCSD. 
The comm ittee's main task w i l l be to prepare a panel of 
names to be presented to the President and the Board for 
the ir consideration . We now inv i te students, faculty , and 
slaff members to g ive us the ir suggestions concerning 
suitable candidates. 

" We have dec ided , w i th the President's c9ncurrence, to 
have the names of this committee known , so tha t all 
members of the academic commun ity may readily and 
effect Ively com mun icate Iheir thOughts in Ih is vital matter . 
The committee includes six UCSD faculty members : 
Gabriel Jackson (chairman of the d ivision), George 
Mandler , Walter Munk (v ice·cha lrman of the comm ittee), 
Melford Spiro , Herbert Stern , and the undersigned as 
chai rman . Ther e are Ihree student members : Jeff Ben 
iilmin (preSident , A SUCS D), Rober t Carr ill o and Lance 
Levinlhal. Chancellor Roger Heyns of UC Berkeley and 
Vice .Chancellor Rosemary Park of UCLA represent Ihe 
other cam puses Of Ihe un iversity . 

"I t is of course essent ial for our proper funct ioning Ihal 
we candidly assess individuals, and this imposes upon Ihe 
commillee Ihe need for our del ibera t ions 10 be complelely 
privale and confidenlial . We ask the entire academ ic 
communl ly 10 help us ma inta in this sense of privacy . 

"If you have a name 10 suggesl, Ihe most efficienl way 10 
bring i t 10 our allention is 10 wr i te a shor t nom inat ing stale 
ment . with as much factual supporllng dala as you have al 
hand , ellher 10 ml' or 10 Jeff Beniamtn . II you prefer , you 
may of course ask any member of the committee to Irans 
mil your sUQqeslions " 

James R. Arnold 

Look for the TRITON TIMES next 
Tuesday at the usual places. Twice-a-
week publication begins with the April 7 
issue and will continue throughout the 
quarter. 

Debate Widens Over 
Schwarz Appearance 

(Editor 's Note: 

Molly Selvin 
Staff Writer 

Dr. Fred Schwarz, head of the Christian Anti-Communism Crusade 
opened a University Extension course last night on "Conservative and 
Traditional Views on Contemporary Issues." Hi remark will be 
reported in Tuesday's TRITON TIMES. 

Prior to Schwarz' appearance on campus, Prof. Herbert Marcu e of 
the Philosophy Department challenged Schwarz ' right to appear as a 
speaker , and urged Martin Chamberlain, director of University 
Extension, to cancel the appearance. 

Eventually, Chancellor McGill, Academic enate Chairman Gabriel 
Jackson, and the LOS ANGELES TIMES came out against Marcuse ' 
stand. The following is an account of this debate. I 

In its last issue of last quarter, the TRITO I TIMES printed a letter 
from Herbert Marcuse to Martin Chamberlain Director of the 
University Extension, protesting the appearance ' of Fred Schwarz 
head of ~e ChristianAnti-CommunismCrusade, in the first of a serie~ 
of ExtenSIOn lectures entitled "Conservative and Traditional Views on 
Contemporary ~ssu.e~. " Marcuse charged that the university acted 

und~r pressure 10 glVlng Schwarz the opportunity to speak at the first 
sessIOn.'. concerning leftist radicalism, and that Schwarz was 
unqualIfIed to speak .in an ~cad~mic institution .. I consider the ap-
pearance o~ Schwar~ m a unIversIty course an insult to the intelligence 
of any serIOUS audIence, a mockery of genuine education and a 
mockery of conservative thought. " 

As a consequence of these charges, many more letters have been 
written and statements made. However , due to the deadline for the 
TRITON. TI~ES ana the commencement of Spring vacation following 
the .publIcatlO.n of Marcuse 's letter , it was not possible to print the 
varIOus reactIons to the letter . 

Schwarz Replies 

On March 18 the TRITON TIMES received a letter from Schwarz in 
reply to Marcuse's letter . In it he defended his right to speak as a 
"significant representative of contemporary conservative thought. " 
He cited the existence of a whole chapter devoted to him in " Danger on 
the Right" by Arnold Foster and Benjamin Epstein, sponsored by the 
Anti-Defamation League of B'nai Brith, as evidence of his importance 
in American conservatism, a fact which Marcuse chose to regard as 
evidence of Schwarz ' hysterical stature, hate mongering and rabble 
rousing. 
Schwarz also defended his intention to discuss the influence of 

Marcuse in the lecture. He claims to have read much of Marcuse 's 
work and to have understood sufficient to justify comment and 
criticism. He said he will discuss the "message of Herbert Marcuse 
on the basis of the books he has written and not on those of hi~ 
enemies ... The extent of my understanding I leave to the verdict of 
those who hear the lecture." 

Schwarz, when asked in an interview how he was contacted for the 
course and under what conditions, he mentioned a letter he received 
some months ago, source unknown, inviting him to debate Marcuse or 
a substitute whom Marcuse would nominate , or if no substitute could 
be found to talk for the whole evening. After replying, he heard no 
more until recently , when he was sent the program for the lecture at 
which Ae will be sharing the floor with Dr. Minos Generales, Marcuse 
having declined any connection with the course. 
Chamberlain Counters 

On March 20, Chamberlain sent a reply to Marcuse, defending the 
university 's action in sponsoring Schwarz in the Extension series. 
Chambetlain contended that Schwarz is only one of ten lecturers to 
speak in the series and that no attempt has been made to "'feature " 
him. He stated that Schwarz was included in the course because his 
"views are accepted and supported by a sizable number of residents of 
our immediate community." To deny him the right to speak because 
Marcuse deems him unfit, continued Chamberlain, would be in-

consis~nt with the position that the university "should be a forum for 
all ideas where varying viewpoints can be fully expressed and fully 
debated." 

Chamberlain went on to counter any charges that the university 
acted under pressure to organize the course or to invite Schwarz to 
speak. The course was organized with the conviction, to which Mar-
cuse agreed in his letter , that the university should organize a cour e 
on conservative thought. Schwarz was invited in an attempt to provide 
a balanced offering of speakers, and those of enough interest to attract 
sufficient students to pay the course fees . 

Chamberlain then attacked Marcuse for his action in writing to the 
TRITON TIMES, charging that it may, in part, inspire attempted 
intervention into Schwarz 's appearance on campus. "Such efforts play 
into the hands of those who are trying to constrict us. I regret that '{our 
action contributes to this problem." ' 

On March 24 the TRITON TIME received a letter from Galriel 
Jackson , who, as Chairman of the San Diego Division of the Acade:nic 
Senate, had received a copy of Marcuse ' letter. U ing the "Clear and 

PJ:es~nt Danger Doctrine" of the Supreme Court a a test for per-
mISSIble free spe ch, .Jackson def mded chwarz ' right n c;pP"lr "PT! 
though he (Jack on) concurred with Marcuse in hIS charge of 
mediocrity and political demagogu ry again t chwarz. "Unle 
ther is demonstrable danger that a speaker' app arance \ ould 
lead to violenc ... I b Iieve tha it is in th interest of all fre m n 
and of th corr ct p ci of law and order to permit any peech no 
matter how politically or intellectually off nsiv it may be to lar e 

tions of the communit ." 
tontinued on page 12 



Wou d ¥ou Believe $lZOO 
CPS )-President Nixon's 

proposals to re amp aid to college students 
have been blasted by the higher education lobby and 
applauded by the American Bankers Association. 

NIXON'S NEW PLAN, WHICH MUST BE AP-
PROVED BY Congress before going into effect, 
provides for an end to the National Defense student 
loan program. In its place would be established the 
National Student Loan Association (NSLA), which 
would "enable all students to obtain government 
guaranteed loans," according to Nixon. Interest on 
these would be at market rate, currently 9-1/ 4 per 
cent per year. Unlike the current program, where 
the government pays interest while the student is in 
government pays interest while the student is in 
school, interest payments would be deferred until 
" the borrower is well out of school and earning a 
good income." This would be accomplished "by 
extending the maximum repayment period from 10 
to 20 years." 

Nixon estimated that the NSLA would buy up to $2 
billion in student loan paper from banks and 
colleges. NSLA would raise money by selling stock 
to financial institutions. Students would be able to 
borrow up to $2,500 per year , up from the current 
$1,500. "The ability of all students to obtain loans 
would be increased," Nixon said . "The financial 
base of post-secondary education would be corres-
pondingly strengthened, It is significant that this 
would be done at no cost to the federal taxpayer. " 

All federal aid to students whose parents have 
gross incomes of over $10,000 would be ended by the 
new proposals. ixon called this a step toward 
revamping student aid "so that it places more 
emphasis on helping low-income students than it 
does today . Something is basically unequal about 
opportunity for higher education when a young 
person whose family earns more than $15,000 a year 
is nine times more likely to attend college than a 
young person whose family earns less than $3,000," 
Nixon said. "Something is basically wrong with 
Federal policy toward higher education when it has 
failed to correct this inequity, and when govern-
ment programs spending $5.3 billion yearly have 
largely been disjointed, ilI~irected and without a 
coherent long-range plan. Something is wrong with 
our higher education policy when-{)n the threshold 
of a decade in which enrollments will increase 
almost 50 per cent-not nearly enough attention is 
focused on the two-year community colleges so 
important to the careers of so many young people . 
Something is wrong with higher education itself 
when curricula are often irrelevant, structure is 
often outmoded, when there is an imbalance bet-
ween teaching and research and too often an in-
difference to innovation." 

Nixon said his proposals will increase aid to 
students who are poor. A student with annual 
parental income of $3,000 would receive $700 in 
federal scholarships and work study, and $700 in 
subsidized loans, with the interest at three per cent. 
Assuming he earns $300 during the summer, Nixon 
said this would enable him to attend a "moderate 
cost" college which costs $1,700 per year, including 
fees , books, room board, and miscellaneous ex-
penses. 

The amount of aid would drop as parental income 
rose. Students whose parents earned over $6,800 
would receive no work study or federal scholarship 
aid , but would be eligible for $700 in subsidized 
loans. 

When parental income reached $10,000 there 
would be no aid available, except for the bank loans 
at market market rate which are detailed above. 
Observers predicted the plan would force many 
students to turn to expensive bank loans. 

The American Bankers Association reacted 
gleefully to the plan which would increase bank 
profits by dropping the present seven per cent 
ceiling on federally guaranteed student loans. They 
called it "a most constructive recommendation." 
But the American Council on Education (ACE) said 
the message signaled a "fundamentally un-
desirable shift to high interest loans as a major 
national approach to the financing of higher 
education. Requiring all students whose families 
have annual .ncomes of over $10,000 to rely solely on 
unsubsidized loans at current rates of 9-1/ 4 per cent 
will throw ar impossible burden on them. A student 
who borrow~ $1,000 a year for four years will , if he 
elects to repay in twenty years, repay over $11,000 
for that loan . in effect almost tripling the cost of his 
education." 

Besides r roposing changes in [;;dcral aid to 
students, th( message asked Congress to establi~h : 

- A ational Foundation for Higher Education 
"to make gta ts to support excellence, innovation, 
and reform in private and public institutions." 

-A CareH Education Program " to assist States 
and institutions In meeting the costs of starting new 
programs to teach critically-ne~ded . s~lls i~ 
community colleges and technologICal mstltutes. 

While applauding the emphasis on "aid to the 
disadvantaged " the ACE said the President's 
message rep;esents "a severely constrained 
proposal for federal aid to higher education. " 

"There is no mention ," said the ACE, "of 
reauthorizing such fundamental programs as the 
National Defense Fellowships and other forms of 
assistance for graduate education. Thus, almost 200 

in~titutions that have been encouraged since 1956 to 

P,g' 2 Triton Tim.1 April~. 1970 

launch and expand new Ph.D programs may find 
their basic source of support ended." 

Nixon's 1971 budget, said the ACE, has already 
proposed to end: 

- Grants for graduate and undergraduate 
facilities; 

- Direct loans for Academic facilities; 
- The Community Services Program; 
- The College Teaching Equipment Program; 
-Annual Appropriations for the land-grant 

colleges; 
- Foreign language development and area 

studies; 
- Basic grants for library resources. 
The cutoff of aid at $10,000 is liable to be heavily 

criticized in Congress. Middle income taxpayers 
are likely to inform their representatives that they 
aren't able to pay the cost of a college education, no 
matter what the President says. They will also point 
out the plan makes no allowance for families with 
two or more children in college at the same time . 

The estimate of $1700 for a "moderately priced" 
college is also likely to be severely criticized. The 
Unive'rsity of California, with annual fees at a 
modest 5300, estimates total costs for a "limited" 
budget as being over $2,000. With fees going up 
across the nation, the figure of $1,700 will be even 
more unrealistic next year. 

lindss, Dis-Honor,d 
BERKELEY-(CPS)-The Academic Senate of 

the University of California at Berkeley voted 118 to 
2 to recommend that Chancellor Roger Heyns 
award the prestigious Berkeley citation to Mayor 
John Undsay when he speaks here for Charter Day 
ceremonies April 2. 

This is in defiance of the Regents, who at their last 
meeting refused to award the customary honorary 
degree to Undsay. The refusal was the first in the 
University's 101-year-history. The usually blunt 
Academic Senate resolution said, in part: "The 
evidence is too strong to be ignored that the decision 
to deny him (Lindsay) a degree stemmed from a 
political dislike'of what he has corne to stand for by 
some members of the board, who increasingly are 
permitting their own political sentiments to govern 
their action as regents ." 

The Academic Senate resolution comes in the 
wake of the student senate vote last week to present 
Lindsay with a "certificate of merit" and urged the 
Academic Senate to award him a special "honorary 
degree. " Yet at yesterday 's meeting chairman 
Richard Powell replied saying "we have no power 
to do that." 

The Academic Senate resolution declared that 
Lindsay should be recognized for his "continuing 
efforts . .. to deal with the innumerable problems of 
American urban life." 

"The blunt, hard fact is that we in this nation 
appear headed for a new period of repression-
more dangerous than in any time in years . The 
frenzy, bitterness, the twnult of the last few years 
have led many people- including many in positions 
of power- to expect peace and order to corne by 
whittling away at the Bill of Rights of our Constitu-
tion .. . " 

Ysl, Ap,s Tsrzsn 
NEW HAVEN, Conn.-(CPS)-A dozen students 

disrupted a Tarzan film festival which was to 
feature a speech by Tarzan star Johnny 
Weissmuller at Yale University. The students, some 
representing the black students ' association, 
blocked the projectors ' image, declaring the Tarzan 
films depicted "white supremacy." The sponsoring 
group later said it had wanted to show the films for 
entertainment purposes. Weissmuller', who was 
prevented from speaking, was reportedly hurt, but 
taking the incident well. 

USIA Holds Out 
WASHINGTON-(CPS)-The u.s. Informanon 

Agency is refusing to release to the Senate results of 
opinion polls conducted by the agency in Viet N am. 
USIA Director Frank Shakespeare refused to 
release the information to the Senate Foreign 
Relations Committee saying the matter is under 
review because of "possible security elem-;nts 
involved." Committee Chairman Sen. J . W. 
Fulbright said he did not accept the Agency's 
refusal to inform the committee and reminded the 
USIA that his committee must pass on funds for the 
USIA. 

The USIA last fall made the propaganda film 
"The Silent Majority" which attempted to miplmize 
the dissent in this country to thcViet Nam War. 
Shakespeare was a key aide in Nixon's successful 
television campaign for the presidency in 1968. 

Gss Mssks for Millions 
STOCKHOLM, Sweden-(CPS)-A gas mask has 

been developed which is intended to give protection 
against chemical and biological weapons. Intended 
for civilian use , it was commissioned by the 
Swedish Civil Defense Board, and production will 
run to 200,000 a year. A small version for children 
aged 6-10 also has been developed . 

Californians to Vote at It? 

The proposition that the voting age in California be lowered 
from 21 to 19 was offered by the Constitution Revision Com-
mission. Santa Ana Superior Court Judge Bruce Sumner, 
chairman of the commission, said he hopes that the state 
legislature approves the proposition in time for the November 
ballot. The commission recommended that the voting age 
proposal be submitted to voters as a separate measure, and 
not as part of a "package deal." 

Sumner said that some legislators may be more inclined to 
support this proposal now than in the past due to its wide-
spread publicity. 

Law and Order Strikes Again 

Item : Samuel Hemphill , 19, was convicted of raping an 18-
year-old high school student. He received a sentence of 800 
years in prison from a Fort Worth jury. It was his first offense . 

Item : Larry Joe Knox, 23, was convicted of raping a 
telephone operator. He received a sentence of 1,001 years from 
a Dallas jury. It was his first offense. 

Item : Joseph Sills , 50, was convicted of robbery, and sen-
tenced to 1,000 years in prison . It was his twenty-first offense. 

All these decisions were handed down by juries in the Dallas-
Fort Worth area within the period of one month . According to 
Dallas District Attorney Henry Wade, " People are aroused 
and intend to rid the city of robbers and murderers. The term 
will discourage would-be rapists who plan to come to Dallas 
and commit crimes." 

Gl's Sending Arms Home~to U.S. Rebels? 

Federal officials fear that some U.S . servicemen stationed 
in Viet Nam may be sending arms and explosives to revolu-
tionaries in the United States. Customs officials on the West 
Coast are intercepting dozens of rifles, pistols , carbines and 
explosives each week, but say they have no way of knowing or 
judging how many get through undetected. 

Some d]the weapons are sent home as iIleg~1 war .• ouven.U:s, 
or are intended for hunting or target shooting. But law en-
forcers are wondering how many of these, particularly M-16's 
and other automatic weapons, are entered into the armories of 
revolutionaries here in the U.S. 

Paul Andrews. operations officer for customs at the San 
Francisco air and surface facility in Oakland, listed these 
seizures during January and February: five M-1S rifles ; 20 
Chinese AK-47 assault carbines; six sub-machine guns ; 42 
"miscellaneous weapons ;" seven carbines ; 33 revolvers and 
pistols ; and 2,700 rounds of live ammunition . 

Administration's Policies Unacceptable to Civil Rights Officials 

With denunciations of the Nixon Administration's civil 
rights enforcement policies, two officials have resigned from 
the civil rights office of the Department of Health, Education 
and Welfare. They are Paul M. Rilling, Democrat, the office's 
chief for the Deep South, and C. Peter Gall, Republican, the 
office's public information director. 

Rilling, whose region included six states where most of the 
government's cases of school desegregation have originated , 
said that the Administration 's enforcement posture " has at 
best been one of vacillation and non-leadership. At worst it has 
tended to slApport those seeking delay or abandonment of 
executive action to end segregation education in the South." 
Rilling further claims that the Administration's "failure of 
will" in enforcement "may be encouraging another round of 
massive resistance tactics on the part of Deep South segrega-
tionists. " 

In a letter to HEW Secretary Robert Finch, Gall says that he 
is in the "i mpossible position " of being dedicated to the goals 
of the office of civil rights , while serving as the Republican 
spokesman for "an Administration which has steadily and 
increasingly undermined that office and its director in their 
pursuit of equal educational opportunity under the law for 
minority group children. " 

Berkeley CPE May Hire Marcuse 

Philosopher Herbert Marcuse , currently teaching here at 
UCSD, has announced that he will retire from the university . 

David Kremnitzer, a spokesman for the student-run Center 
for Participatory Education at UC Berkeley, said that the CPE 
will hire Marcuse if it can raise enough money for his salary. 

" We 're trying to set up a program so students can hire their 
own faculty," said Kremnitzer. " This will kick off the 
program." 

Prl50n System Olegal 

U.S. District Judge J. Smith Henley ruled that the Arkansas 
state prison system was unconstitutional. Henley ruled in a 
case in volving a series of inmate complaints about conditions 
at the pri.sons. He held a hearing on the allegations, indicating 
that he would consider the constitutionality of the prison guard 
trusty system, in which gun-carrying inmates guard other 
convicts. He said that perhaps the trusty guard system and 
conditions of poor food and sanitation , lack of medical services 
and clothing were not unconstitutional when taken separately, 
but were collectively crue l and unusual punishment. 

MArrHEWS FACEllFT 
NEARS COMPLETION 

by Chris Bibb 
Staff Writer 

. "We received several calls last week to report the 
disappearance of a wing of building 269 MC." Chuck 
Powers of Architects and Engineers explained that 
moving the wing on Saturday, March 21, to the area 
west of the Business Manager's Office caused a 
typical response the follOwing Monday. On a 
campus whic~ is changing as rapidly as UCSD, the 
loss of a parking area , road or building catches a lot 
of people unprepared. 

A lot of imagination is necessary for the 
renovating. The buildings of Camp Matthews were 
the wood-frame structures hastily put together to 
meet a wartime need. They were "functional ," and 
the landscaping "natural ," but provided little more 
than walls and foundation when turned over to 
UCSD in 1964. 

In 1966 karate was one of the courses taught in the 
former mess hall. Now the Cluster I Library and the 
book store are located there. 

Building 269 loses its two wings in MI"hews Campus' latest flce lift, which 
began Sl)( vears .go . eventu.llv a road will run through the building and 2S0 Me 
to serve the School of Medicine and Veteran's Hospital. 269 will continue to serve 
as a temporarv theater for the Drama dept . 

The removal of 269 MC marks the beginning of the 
last phase of the transformation of the 1942-vin tage 
Marine camp into the Matthews Campus . It shows 
the kind of problems with which Architects and 
Engineers have worked to turn the run~own camp 
into a useful staging area for 12 colleges . 

Brick paths were laid around the recruit 
barracks, and the huts themselves repaired with 
fiberglass , heated and painted. Now the academic 
quonsets, they house the Department of Music and 
classrooms. 

The Student Activities Office succeeded the 
Enlisted Men 's Club. The Accounting Office 
replaced the PX, and the Mail Room and Cashier's 
Office are securely housed in the former jail. 

rhierery Plagues Muir, 
KSDT Loses Transmitter 

Building 269 will be moved to make way for a 
major access road to the Veterans' Administration 
Hospital. Two of four lanes are planned to pass over 
the sitl! from Gilman Drive by the time the hospital 
is staffed in 1972. Clearing the way for permanent 
construction caused the removal of a southern wing 
of 250 to the center of Matthews, where it now 
houses the Student Health Service. In July 1971 the 
rest of 250, housing Student Activities, Student 
Placement and the Associated Students among 
others, will be moved to a location just west of the 
Chancellor 's Office. 

Some buildings, like the middle section of 269, are 
not SUItable for moving, so ooly the wings, which. 
were added somewhat later, will be converted . 
Once relocated, updated in usefullness and ap-
pearance, and landscaped, 269 will fit in with the 
plan for the staging area. 

The Matthews Campus will house each new 
college while its buildings are completed . The 12th 
college, to be completed in 1995, will finally replace 
the Marine structures. In the meantime the staging 
area allows each new, permanent building to be 
used for its college's long-range purpose from the 
start, while the college develops its curriculum in 
Matthews ' temporary buildings. Remodeling and 
moving 269 and 250 will cost under $65,000, a fraction 
of the cost of starting from scratch . 

by Dean Crowe 
Staff Writer 

A sizeable amount of theft took 
place over Easter vacation in the 
Muir dormitories, Resident Dean 
Joan Walsh said this week . 

Objects included were a trans-
mitter for radio station KSDT 
and prJvately ..owbed · stereo ' 
equipment and record albums. 
The thefts were confined to three 
male SlJites QJl.$eP$lrate ~Qrs, as , 
well as in the storage area where 
the transmitter was kept. 

Dorm residents returned from 
vacation to find room doors 
unlocked and valuable elec-
tronics equipment missing, while 
in some cases, speaker compo-
nents remained undisturbed. 

Victims FIle Reports 

As of the ' first of the week, 
reports of theft were filed with 
campus police by KSDT and 
dorm residents. San Diego pOlice 
were notified of the thefts Mon-
day night and were given several 
numbers from the stolen equip-
ment. It is expected that if any 
stolen equipment is recovered, it 
will be the result of catching such 
serial nwnbers at known elec-
tronics equipment sales outlets. 

Although thefts occurred on the 
ground, sixth, seventh , and tenth 
floors of building 2E3, the area 
hardest hit by far was the south-
east suite on the seventh floor . 
Merchandise taken from this 
suite included an amplifier, turn-
table, a combination tape deck 
and AM-FM receiver, a tape 
recorder, another tuner, forty 
record albums and fifteen tapes. 
Items taken from the sixth floor 
were ten albums and a turntable. 

Combined estimates by owners 
of the value of the equipment 
taken amount to more than $1300. 

The chief of the campus police 
indicated at an interview that 
with the filing of a preliminary 
report an investigator would be 
assigned to look into the thefts . 

Master Key Used? 

Peculiar to the vacation inci-
dent is the fact that none of the 
rooms missing equipment 
showed signs of forced entry. 
This hal led 10 ipeCUlation that 
all of the rooma were entered 
with the use of. muter key. One 
of the PurpoIIeI of the investi-
gation being undertaken is to 
detennine whether locks were 
picked, or 8 duplicate master key 
was used. 

Residents of the seventh floor 
believe that school authorities 
are responsible for the loss of 
equipment . These residents 
maintain, first , that master keys 
are too easy to obtain; second, 
that security measures over the 
quarter break were not adequate 
en,ough to I?rotect valuables; and 
thrrd, that no advanced warning 
of alleged inadequate security 
was given, whi~h wOl,lld have 
enablea residents to remove 
vafuable equipment over the 
holiday vacation. 

In an interview with Resident 
Dean Joan Walsh it was learned 
that due to major renovation and 
repair work being conducted, 
significant nim'lbers ' of indi-
viduals were permitted access to 
the donn building during the 
vacation week. No specific guard 

. was posted around the dorm 
building although campus police 
maintained periodic surveillance 
of the grounds. 

UC Not Responsible 

As far as financial responsi-
bility goes, individual insurance 
policies will have to cover the 
losses. Only one individual 
concerned has such coverage. 
According to the Resident Dean, 
a clause in the donnitory con-
tract states, " The University of 
California , San Diego and its offi-
cers, employe e ~, and agents 
assume no responsibility for the 
loss, damage or destruction of 
personal property kept in the 
residence hall to which the 
student is assigned." 

" It takes some juggling," Powers admitted. The 
university's administrative staff is nearly full-
sized, so every bullding-move requires temporary 
housing . Health and Safety will be located in the 
dormitories east of Matthews until 269 is relocated 
and renovated. 

.' Marxism and Christianity Mixed 

A course on "Marxism and 
Christianity" and another on 
"The Ecumenical Revolution : 
Breakthrough in Christian 
Unity" began right after Easter 
at. University Lutheran Church 
adjacent to La Jolla 's UCSD 
campus. 

The course on Marxism meets 
next on Thursday, April 9, at 7:30 
p.m. and continues for a series of 
nine weekly sessions. The in-
structor is Associate Pastor 
Richard L. Spencer of La Jolla 
Presbyterian Church. The fee is 
$5.00 for adults and $1.00 .for 
students . 

The topiCS include " The 
Historical Roots and Setting of 
Marxism," "The Fundamentals 
of Marxist Philosophy," 
" Marxism in America, " 
"Marxism and Religion," and 
"Some Christian Responses to 
Marxism." 

Richard Spencer is a graduate 
of UCLA and Prince ton 
Theological Seminary. He ~pent a 

year at the Free University of 
Berlin , specializing in East 
European studies and Marxist 
theory. He is now a doctoral 
candidate in the field of Christian 
Ethics and Marxism at Prin-
ceton. 

The UC Extension course, "The 
Ecumenical Revolution," con-
tinues on Monday, April 6 at 7 
p.m., and is also held at the 
student center of University 
Lutheran Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Drive. UCSD campus 
pastor John George Huber is the 
instructor . 

Some of the topics include: 
" Sources of Division and 
Denominationalism," " From 
Diatribe to Dialogue," " The 
National Council of Churches: a 
Communist Conspiracy ?" 
"Vatican II, " "COCU: Is It 
Cuckoo? ," and "Dialogue with 
World Religions." 

The fee is $45.00 for credit, 
$30.00 for non-credit, $20.00 for 

Third College Foundation Programs 
to Receive Sizable Grant from Ford 
The Ford Foundation may give a sizable grant to 

Third College, it was learned this week. The exact 
amount, yet to be confirmed, would be used for 
development and implimentation of the new 
college's academic program in the Fall when it 
opens to its first class. 

According to Chancellor McGill, representatives 
of the Ford Foundation diacussed the college's plans 
with its Board of Directors on March 20, 1970, and 
"reported that they were extremely impressed with 
(the students') presentation." The foundation had 
originally been alerted to Third College's plans last 
Fall during one of the chancellor 's trips to the east 
coast. 

Currently, Third College receives its total support 
from the Regents. The first year it will consist of 25 
faculty members and 150 to 200 students, and will 

occupy the staging area in Matthews Campus. The 
college's Board of Directors is now in the process of 
perfecting the academic plan for the Fall and 
setting up the core program for incoming freshmen . 

Neither Revelle nor Muir College has outside 
support from nation-wide foundations , although 
Muir has received grants from the Ernest W. 
Mandeville Foundation for its Conterpporary Issues 
program and the Mandeville Suite in one of the Muir 
residence halls. 

According to McGill, the Ford Foundation's 
contribution would go to the experiments to be 
I'onducted in teaching minorities next year. Thes 
experiments include special courses on com-

mu.n~ cations, urban studie , and pre-medical 
traullng. 

For N'ew Course 

clergy (non-credit ) and free of 
charge to UCSD students. for 
credit, in consulta tion with their 
provost . Application may be 
made directly to University of 
California Extension on the 
Matthew~ CB:mpus. 

For turther information, 
contact Pastor John G. Huber, 

453~561, 453,2000, ext. 1943, or 
459..aa55. 

The Rev. John George Huber is 
a graduate of University of 
California at Berkeley and 
Concordia Seminary in st. Louis. 
He is a condidate for a Master's 
degree in theology at Pacific 
Lutheran Seminary in Berkeley. 
Huber has attended and par-
ticipa ted in ecumenical con-
ferences sponsored by the World 
Council of Churches and the 
Lutheran World Federation at 
Oberlin, Montreal , Minneapolis 
and Helsinki. He ;s a consultant 
in the ecumenical relations 
program area of the San Diego 
Ecumenical Conference, and has 
served University Lu theran 
Church as UCSD campus pastor 
since 1963. 

The TRITON TIMES 
Production Depart-
ment needs enthusias-
tic and ~.elf-motivated 

student~i for copy-
readin !~, proof-
reading, headline 
wrlti g. P"~t-cup. 
We will train you if 
necessa ry . See Ha y . 
wood, Mike, or Chuck 
in the TRITON 
TIMES office, NW 
Corner of Blake. 

Triton Tim .. 



I 
III 

I Ir 
The following is reprinted from a book by Contact Press 
called "Student as Nigger" put out by Contact Books, 7046 
Hollywood Blvd., Los Angeles, California, 90028, and is 
selling for $2.95. 

(Editor 's note: Mr. Farber 's article appeared several 
years ago in the Los Angeles Free Press . Since that time it 
has become an issue of considerable controversy. Several 
high school teachers and editors of school newspapers 
have lost their jobs on account of it. Recently a student 
asked us to reprint the article ; to prove his point that a 
significant number of people on campus had not read the 
article and wished to , he gathered signatures on a peti-
tion . We are running the article because of the interest 
that was shown and because we wish to stimulate further 
discussion. This quarter we hope to concentrate on 
several aspects of the educational process as it affects us, 
and hope that this article will serve as a keynote.) 

by Jerry Farber 

Students are niggers. When you get that straight, our 
schools begin to make sense. It's more important, though 
to understand why they 're niggers . If we follow that 
question seriously, it will lead us past the academic bull-
shit, where dedicated teachers pass their knowledge on to 
a new generation, and into the nitty-gritty of human needs 
and hang·ups. From there we can go on to consider 
whether it might ever be possible for students to come up 
from slavery. 

First, look at the role students play in what we like to 
call education. At Cal State where I teach, the students 
have separate and unequal dining facilities. If I bring a 
student into the faculty dining' room , my colleagues get 
uncomfortable as though there were a bad smell. If I eat 
in the student cafeteria, I become known as the 
educational equivalent of a " nigger-lover." In at least cne 
building there are even rest rooms which students may 
not use. Also there is an unwritten law barring student-
faculty lovemaking. Fortunately, this antimiscegenation 
law, like its Southern counterpart, is not 100% effective. 

Students at Cal State are politically disenfranchised. 
They are in an academic Lvwndes County. Most of them 
can vote in national elections-their average age is about 
26-but they have no voice in the decisions which rule 
their academic lives. The students are, it is true, allowed 
to have a toy government of their own . It is a government 
run, for the most part, by Uncle Toms, concerned prin-
cipally with trivia . The faculty and administration decide 
what courses will be offered; the students get to choose 
their own Homecoming Queen. Occasionally, when 
student leaders get uppity and rebellious, they're either 
ignored, put off with trivial concessions, or maneuvered 
expertly out of position. 

ON STAGE! OPENS APRll1-lIMITED RUN 
lItudents $1 .50 THE PHYSICISTS IUC . sit. ii'ne 

I",ternotio"c l i ntrtg uf! omonQ nu-
,lear phy~ic i 1h. In thil co".,p~II,"9 
,"usp.nip.1hrdle, ... sorconic Wit ond 
b;ling numo' os Ih .. e I~med «,en' 
t i§ts ore patients of CJ pn"a'. o sylum 
•• , or. they Insane? 

II o { t "" 
n ... o n 

PHONE 
239·2255 

" ,., 1 " «II I l lfl . VJ~rf .' ''VI . /" • ..-•• 1 
" 'J " ,; !'i " " S .. ·, ( "'I.' 
,, :: , ~!e ,Sift . N o tt ,1 

r,.., C·O-.. ll d ~t ,"" ~ rJ" U "1'1" '" .", . ' 
" •. .., ,t .. • f' M u 'e " l oy 0' S.CI 'WQ" d ' 
~ b .. ,,,, 11 9 "' ,o" ·"4'u"" 
S l,~ S' ... ·"h' h~ I . .. ,,. ' ,·,dW I •• ( 4 •• t o. . ' .... II~.~ r ... . t . .. ". ,~.". ' ~ • • '.34 

olb gJ.obe tl)eatre 
O~ . tOO. 

Plgi 4 Triton Times April 3, 1970 
, 
. , 

A student at cal State II expected to know hiI place. He 
calls a faculty member "Sir" or "Doctor" or "Profeuor" 
and he smiles and shufl1ea some .. he stands outside the 
professor's office waiting for permission to enter. The 
faculty tell him what courses to take (in my department, 
English, even electives have to be approved by a faculty 
member); they tell him what to read, what to write, and, 
frequently, where to set the margins on his typewriters. 
They tell him what is true and what is not. Some teachers 
insist that they encourage dissent but they're almost 
always lying and every student knows it. Tell The Man 
what he wants to hear or he'll fail you. 

Learn to Fear Uterature 

When a teacher says "jump," students jump. I know of 
one professor who refused to take up class time for exams 
and required students to show up for tests at 6:30 in the 
morning. And they did, by God! Another, at exam time, 
provides answer cards to be filled out~ach one enclosed 
in a paper bag with a hole cut in the top to see through. 
Students stick their writing hands in the bags while taking 
the test. The teacher isn't a provo ; I wish he were. He does 
it to prevent cheating. Another colleague once caught a 
student reading during one of his lectures and threw her 
book against the wall. Still another lectures his students 
into a stupor and then screams at them in rage when they 
fall asleep. 

During the first meeting of a class one girl got up to 
leave after about ten minutes had gone by. The teacher 
rushed over, grabbed her by the arm, saying, "This class 
is not dismissed!" and led her back to her seat. On the 
same day, another teacher began by informing his class 
that he does not like beards, mustaches, long hair on boys, 
or pants on girls, and will not tolerate an'y of that in his 
class. The class, incidently, consisted mostly of high 
school teachers. 

Even more discouraging than this Auschwitz approach 
to education is the fact that the students take it. They 
haven't gone through twelve years of public school for 
nothing. They've forgotten their algebra. They 're hope-
lessly vague about chemistry and physics. They 've grown 
to fear and resent literature. They write like they've been 
lobotomized. But, Jesus, can they follow orders! Fresh-
men come up to me with an essay and ask if I want it 
folded and whether their name should be in the upper 
right hand corner. And I want to cry and kiss them and 
caress their poor, tortured heads. 

Dress Code Rituals 

Students don't ask that orders make sense. They give up 
expecting things to make sense long before they leave 
elementary school. Things are true because the teachers 
say they are true. At a very early age we all learn to ac-
cept " two truths ," as did certain medieval churchmen. 
Outside of class, things are true to your tongue, your 
finger , your stomach, your heart. Inside class, things are 
true by reason of authority. And that 's just fine because 
you don 't care anyway. Miss Wiedemeyer tells you a noun 
is a person, place or thing. So let it be. 

The important thing is to please her. Back in kinder-
garten, you found out that teachers only love children who 
stand in nice straight lines. And that 's where it's been at 
ever since. Nothing changes except to get worse. School 
becomes more and more obviously a prison. Last year I 
spoke to a student assembly at Manual Arts High School 
and then couldn't get out of the damn school. I mean there 
was no way out. Locked doors. High fences. One of the in-
mates was trying to make it over a fence when he saw me 
coming and froze in panic. For a moment, I expected 
sirens, a rattle of bullets, and him clawing the fence . 

Then there is the infamous "code of dress." In some 
high schools, if your skirt looks too short, you have to 
kneel before the principal, in a brief allegory of fellatio . If 
the hem doesn 't reach the floor, you go home to change. 
Boys in high school can't be too sloppy and they can 't be 

TEACH A BROTHER 
In A Black College 

too sharp. You'd think the school board would be delighted 
to see all the spaqf!s trooping to school in pOinty shoes, 
suits, ties and stingy brims. Uh-uh, they 're too visible. 

Every Low Grade Is Torture 

What school amounts to, then, for white and black kids 
alike, is a 12-year course in how to be slaves. What else 
could explain what I see in a freshman class? They've got 
that slave mentality ; obliging and ingratiating on the 
surface but hostile and resistent underneath. Uke black 
slaves, students vary in their awareness of what's going 
on. Some recognize their own put~n for what it is and 
even let their rebellion break through to the surface now 
and then. Others-including most of the "good students" 
-have been more deeply brainwashed. They swallow 
the bullshit with greedy mouths. They honest-t<Kiod 
believe in grades, in busy work, in general education 
requirements. They're like those old grey-headed house-
niggers you can still find in the South who don't see what 
all the fuss is about because Mr. Charlie "treats us real 
good." 

College entrance requirements tend to favor the Toms 
and screen out the rebel. Not entirely, of course. Some 
students at Cal State are expert con artists who know 
perfectly well what 's happening. They want to get a 
degree and spend their years on the old plantation alter-
nately laughing and cursing as they play the game. If 
their egos' 'are' -strong enough;· they- ·eheat a lot. And of 
course, even the Toms are angry down deep somewhere. 
But it comes out in passive rather than active aggression. 
They're unexpljlinably thick-witted and subject to 
frequent spells _ of la'ziness. - They. ~ misread - 'simple 
questions. They spend their nights mechanically outlining 
history chapters while meticulously failing to compre-
hend a word of what's in front of them. 
Impotent Teachers 

The saddest cases among both black slaves and student 
slaves are the ones who have so thoroughly introjected 
their masters' values that their anger is all turned inward. 
At Cal State these are the kids for whom every low grade 
is torture, who stammer and shake when they speak to a 
professor. They go through an emotional crisis every time 
they're called upon during class. You can recognize them 
easily at finals time. Their faces are festooned with fresh 
pimples; their bowels boil audibly across the room. If 
they're really in a Last Judgment, then the parents and 
teachers who created these wrecks are going to burn in 
hell. 

So students are niggers . It's the time to find out why, 
and to do this, we have to take a long look at Mr. Charlie. 

The teachers I know best are college professors. Outside 
the classroom, and taken as a group, their most striking 
characteristic is timidity. They 're short on balls. Just look 

The Southern Education Program is a non-profit placement 
clearinghouse for BLACK teachers. Placement is free of 
charge in 90 Black colleges where your education will do 
the most good. 

[f) ~ OOlLtA 'rJ 
. OO©@~ 

WRITE: Bro. Larry Rushing, Oir. S.E.P. 
8591/2 Hunter st. N.W. 
Atlanta, Georgia 30314 
(404) 525- 1592 

WHO IS YOUR 
CHOICE 

POVERTY PRICES FOR ALLI 

HAPPY HOUR DAILY 5-6 PM 

GREATEST FIGHTS 
BALL GAMES, ETC. 
ON OUR CLOSED 

fOR CHANCELLOR? CIRCUIT VIDEOTAPE 
The student Chancellor ' s Search Committee 
wants your help. You can be a part of the 
decision but you have to spe~ out. We need 
workers for research, ideas for candidates 
and a set of essential qualifications we can 
use to judge the candidates. 
If you are interested, call Jeff Benjamin at 
ext. NL913 or come by the A.S. office, 250 MC. 

SANDWICHES AND PIZZA 

DIME NIGHT (ONE KEG) 
EVERY THURSDAY 8 p.m. 

PARLAY ROOM TAVERN 

225-27 West 15th Street. •• 

in the bowels of Del Mar 

at their working conditions. At a time when even migrant 
workers have begun to fight and win, college professors 
are still afraid to make more than a token effort to im-
prove their pitiful economic status. In California state 
colleges the faculties are screwed regularly and 
vigorously by the governor and legislature and yet they 
still won't offer any solid resistance. They lie flat on their 
stomachs with their pants down mumbling catch1>hrases 
like, "professional dignity" and "meaningful dialogue." 

Tenure Attracts TImid Teachers 

Professors were no different when I was an under-
graduate at UCLA during the McCarthy era; it was like a 
cattle stampede as they rushed to cop out. And in more 
recent years, I found that my being arrested in sit-ins, 
brought from my colleagues not so much approval or 
condemnation as open-mouthed astonishment: " You 
could lose your job!" 

Now, of course, there is the Vietnamese war . It gets 
some OPPOsition from a few teachers . Some support it. But 
a vast number of professors, who know perfectly well 
what's happening, are copping out again. And in the high 
schools you can forget it. Stillness reigns . 

I'm not sure why teachers are so chickenshit. It could be 
that academic training itself forces a split between 
thought and action. It might also be that the tenured 
security of a teaching job attracts timid persons who are 
unsure of themselves and need weapons and other ex-
ternal trappings of authority. 

At any rate, teachers are short on balls. And, as Judy 
Einstein has eloquently pointed out, the classroom offers 
an artificial and protected environment in which they can 
exercise their will to power. 

Your neighbors may drive a better car; gas station 
attendants may intimidate you; your wife may dominate 
you; the state legislature may shit on you; but in the 
classroom, by God, students do what you say-{)r~lse. The 
grade is a hell of a weapon. It may not rest on your hip, 
potent and rigid like a cop's gun, but in the long run it's 
more powerful. At your personal whim-anytime you 
choose-you can keep 35 students up for nights and have 
the "pleasure" of seeing them walk into the classroom 
pasty-faced and red~yed carrying a sheaf of typewritten 
pages, with a title page, MLA footnotes and margins set at 
15 and 9l. 

Intellectual Flagellation 

The general timidity _which causes teachers to make 
niggers of their students usually includes a more specific 
feaL- f~.~1; at s~d~jltsjhj!~ves. Aftel1 aU., -students- are 
different, just like black people. You stand exposed in 
fronl of them, knowing that their interests, their values 
alld their ljlng\lage ¥e different from yours. To make 
matWr.s WMse you may suspect that you ydurself are not 
the most engaging person. What then can protect you 
from their ridicule and scorn? Respect for authority. 
That's what. It's the policeman's gun again. The white 
bwana's pith helmet. So you flaunt that authority. You 
wither whisperers with a murderous glance. You crush 
objectors with erudition and heavy irony. And, worst of 
all, you make your own attainments seem not accessible 
but awesomely remote. You conceal your massive 
ignorance and parade a slender learning. 

Finally, there 's the darkest reason of all for the master-
slave approach to education. The less trained and the less 
socialized a person is, the more he constitutes a sexual 
threat and the more he will be subjugated by institutions, 
such as penitentiaries and schools. Many of us are aware 
by now of the sexual neurosis which makes white man so 
fearful of integrated schools and neighborhoods, and 
which makes castration of Negroes a deeply entrenched 
Southern folkway. We should recognize a similar pattern 
in education . There is a kind of castration that goes on in 
schools. It begins, before school years, with parents ' first 
encroachments on their children's free un-ashamed 
sexuality and continues right up to the day when they 
hand you your doctoral diploma with a bleeding shriveled 

pair of testicles stapled to the parchment. It's not that 
sexuality has no place in the classroom. You'll find it 
there but only in certain perverted and vitiated forms. 

How does sex show up in school? First of all, there's the 
sadomasochistic relationship between the teachers and 
students. That's plenty sexual although the price of en-
joying it is to be unaware of what 's happening. In walks 
the student in his Ivy League equivalent of a motorcycle 
jacket. In walks the teacher - a kind of intellectual rough 
trade - and flogs his students with grades, tests , sar-
casm, and snotty superiority until their very brains are 
bleeding. In Swinburne 's England, the whipped school boy 
frequently grew up to be a flagellant. With us their per-
version is intellectual, but it's no less perverse. 

You Can't Educate Slaves 

Sex also shows up in the classroom as academic subject 
matter - sanitized and abstracted, thoroughly divorced 
from feeling. You get "sex education" now in both high 
school and college classes: everyone determined not to be 
embarrassed, to be very up-to~ate. These are the classes 
for which sex, as Feiffer puts it "can be a beautiful thing if 
properly administered." And, then of course, there 's still 
another depressing manifestation of sex in the classroom: 
the "off-<:olor" teacher, who keeps his class awake with 
sniggering sexual allusions, obscene titters and academic 
!nnuendo. The sexuality he purveys, it must be admitted, 
IS at least better than none at all. 

What is missing, from kindergarten to graduate school, 
is honest recognition of what's happening - turned-on 
awareness of what's underneath the pettipants, chinos 
the ~Iannels. It's not that sex needs to be pushed in school ; 
sex IS pushed enough. But we should let it be, where it is 

an~ like it is . As things now stand, students are 
psychically castrated or spayed - and for the very same 
reason that black men are castrated in Georgia : because 
they are a threat. 

So you can add sexual repression to the list of causes, 
along with vanity, fear and will to power; that turn the 
teacher into Mr. Charlie. You might also want to keep in 
mind that he was a nigger once himself and has never 
really gotten over it. And there are more causes, some of 

which are better described in sociological than in 
psychological terms. Work them out, it's not hard. But in 
the mean time what we've got on our hands is a whole lot 
of niggers. And what makes this particularly grim is that 
the student has less chance than the black man of getting 
out of his bag . Because the student doesn't know he 's in it. 
That, more or less, is what's happening in higher 
education. And the results are staggering. 

For one thing damn little education takes place in the 
schools. How could it? You can 't educate slaves; you can 
only train them. Or, to use an uglier and more timely 
word, you can only program them . 

Grading Poetry 

. I like to folk dance. Like other novices I've gone to the 
Intersection or to the Museum and laid out good money in 
order to learn to dance. 0 grades, no prerequisites, no 
separate dining rooms, they just turn you on to dancing. 
That's education. Now look what happens in college . A 
friend of mine, Milt, recently finished a folk dance class. 
For his final he had to learn things like this : "The Irish 
are known for their wit and imagination, qualities 
reflected in their dances, which include the jig, the reel 
and the hornpipe." And then the teacher graded him 
A,B,C,D, or F, while he danced in front of her . That's not 
education. That 's not even training . That's an 
abomination on the face of the earth. It 's especially ironic 
because Milt took that dance class to get out of the 
academic rut. He took crafts for the same reason. Great, 
right? Get your hands on some clay? Make something? 
Then the teacher announced that a 20 page term paper 
would be required - with footnotes . 

At my school we even grade people on how they read 
poetry. That 's like grading people on how they fuck . But 
we do it. In fact, God help me, I do it. I'm the Simon 
Legree of the poetry plantation. " Tote that iamb! Lift that 
spondee." Even to discuss a good poem in that en· 
vironment is potentially dangerous because the very 
classroom is contaminated. As hard as I may try to turn 
students on to poetry, I know that the desks, the texts, the 
IBM cards, their own attitudes toward school and my own 
residue of UCLA method are turning them off. 

How Do You Raise Hell? 

Another result of student slavery is just as 
dangerous - students don 't get emancipated when they 
graduate. As a matter of fact, we don't let them graduate 
until they 've demonstrated their willingness - over 16 
years - to remain slaves. And for important jobs, like 
teaching, we make them go through more years just to 
make sure. 

What I 'm getting at is that we're all more or less niggers 
and slaves, teachers and students alike. This is the fact 
you have to start with in trying to understand wider social 
phenomena, say, politics, in our country and in other 
countries. 

Educational oppression is trickier to fight than racial 
expression. If you are a black rebel they can't exile you; 
they either have to intimidate you or kill you. But in high 
school or college, they can bounce you out of the fold. And 
they do. 

Rebel students and renegade faculty members get 
smothered or shot down with devastating accuracy. In 
high school , it 's usually the student who gets it ; it 's more 
often the teacher in college. Others get tired of fighting 
and voluntarily leave the system. But dropping out of 
college for a rebel, is a little like going orth for a Negro. 
You can't really get away from it, so you might as well 
stay and raise hell. 

How do you raise hell? That's nother article. But for a 
start, why not stay with the analogy? What have black 
people done ? They have, first of all , faced the fact of their 
slavery. They've stopped kidding themselves about an 
eventual reward in the Great Watermelon Patch in the 
sky. They have organized. They 've decided to get freedom 
now, and they 've started taking it. 

EUROPE __ ~~~ ____ ~' rl========~~~~==~~~~------------
Also Israel and Japall 

$230-295 R.T. From West Coast 
$199R.T. From East Coast 
E.S.E.~. 8217 Beverly BLvd., L.A 
(213) 651-3311 
E.S.E.P.-U.C.S.O. members only 

Bob Davis Camera Shop 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459-7355 

.ome- y. 
First first. 

And find out what Service really means. 
Just keep a minimum 'of $100 in your check· 
ing account (personal or business) and write 
all your checks free. 

t , 

SOUTHERN CALIFORN'" 

: FIRaT NATIONAL BANK 

-;;:::--:-:=;;. 
4 I' f 

Member F.D.I.C. 

H. K. BARKER, Branch Manager 
La Jolla Shores Br, 2256 Avenlda de la Playa, La Joll~ 

UCSD PRESENTS ••• 
The Barbwire Theatre Group performs 

The Cage 
An explosive prison drama written, produced 
and acted by ex- convicts. 

Thursday evening, April 9th 
in Sherwood HaH at 8:30 pm. 

ASUCSD $1.00 ..... FacuLty/ Staff $2.00 ..... Gen. adm. 3.00 
Sign-up for free bus rides :vhen you buy The Cage 
at the Central Box Office in the Uray Hall Lobby. 

Raymond Lewenthal ,pianist, on April 10th 
The Amadeus Quartet ,perform on prj] 18th 

Igor Kipnis ,harpsich rdi t, on M th 
All performances in Sherwood HaU at 8;30 p.m. 

TICKETS AVAI ABLE 
NOW AT UCSD CE TRAL BOX OFFICE. UREY HALL 
LOBBY. PHO E RESERVATIO S ACCEPTED AT: 

453'-151. 



;:;::::;:.:.:.:::::::::::::::::::::::.:: ' ::::::::::::.:::::.:::::::::::::::::::.:::::::::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::;:::.:.:;:.:.:;:.:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:::::::::::::::;:::::::::~~: 

I M.rclIM"ti., Ii 
. Pass 'Disru ption' Motion ., 
~ ~ ~ ~ 

I == I 
While most students of the University of disruptive activity that would reqUlre me e) obstructing or restraining the passage of any 

declarat'lon of a state of emergency," he person at an exit or entrance to said campus or California were quietly studying for their facility or prellenting or attempting to prellent 
last finals March 20, the UC Regents ap· said. by force or lIiolence or by threats thereof the 

of I t · d ' d t ingress or egress of any person to or from said proved a series reso u Ions eSlgne 0 campus or facility without the authorization of 
maintain final·week calm throughout the The Reagan resolutions adopt those the adm inistrat ion of the campus or facility ; 
year. The resolution, as presented to the definitions of disruption outlined by or 
board by Governor Reagan, defines Regent Canaday, but include faculty and 
di ti ti . t f th h cellors so staff as well as students as potential srup ve ac VI y or e c an f) part icipat ing in mass disorder, disturbance of 
that a state of emergency could be violators, McGill a4ded. the peace, unlaWful assembly , the infliction Of 

::: declared within a one mile radius of the physical violence upon any person , or the :::: 
.'. db th t d istruction of or damage to property on .••. 

campus if the disruptions are of a "serious Governor Reagan , angere y e recen campus or within one mile thereof. 
nature," and interim suspension imposed Santa Barbara violence, proposed the 
on violators pending a hearing. resolutions, saying, "We have reached a 

point where patience must come to an 
The generally loosely worded statement end." He said that the resolutions would be 

makes it "able to be lived with," according a "fair deal for an honest education." 
to UCLA Chancellor Young. He noted that 
the resolution as adopted had been greatly 
improved from the original version that 
Reagan proposed. "The resolutions leave 
the chancellors with some leeway in 
deciding what constitutes a ' state of 
emergency," he said. 

McGill cited the phrase from the 

1) RESOLVED THAT dur ing per iods of campus 
emergency , to be determined by the Chancel lor 
of the ind iv idual campus in consultati on with the 
PreSident , the Chancellor shall , aller such 
consultat ion , place into Immediate effect any 
emergency regulations, proderures, or other 
measures deemed necessary or appropr iate to 
meet the emergency , sa feguard persons and 
property . and maintain educationa l activ ities . 

resolution that stated that the disruptive A campus emergency is a time when disruptive 
activity on or within a mile radius of a actillity on a campus or other facil i ty of the 

2) RESOLVED THAT the Pres ident be directed 
to instruct the Chancellors that : 

a) when a state of em ergency is decl ared to exist 
by the State or the Chancellor of the c~mpus 
concerned , inter im suspension shall be im · 
posed on any stUdent, faculty member. or 
employee in each case where there is 
reasonable ca use to believe he has v iolated 
any Un iversity or campus regulat ion by 
disruptive acts during a d isturbance occurring 
on or within one m i le of any campus or other 
facility Of the Un illers ity . 

Those placed on interim suspension shall be 
given prompl not ice of charges and the op · 
portun i ty of a prompt hearing . 

S has to be "of a serious nature University - or w i th in one mile thereof if the b) anyone so suspended shall not. during the 
'.: .::.' camh· Ph

u 
. . d' t t d' disrupt ion there is closely associated with the per iod of interim suspension , without wr i tten .:~.: 

W IC reqUlres Imme la e , ex raor mary well being Of the campus _ is Of a serious nature pemission of the Chancellor or his designee , 
::: measures to safeguard persons or which reQu i res i mmediate, extraordin ar y enter an y campus or other fac ili ty of the ::: 
::: property or to maintain educational ac· measures to safeguard persons or property or to Unillersity other than to attend the hear ing . ::: 
.'. '11 . th mainta in educational activities . Proceedings for d ismissal shall forthwith be :.: 
'.::::':.:' tivities," and said, "This WI give e Disruptive activity shall include : instituted against any person violating any::::.':; 

chancellors some latitude as to when they condition of inter im suspension . 
:::::'.::: feel a disorder is 'of a serious nature '." a ) obstructing or restra ining the passage of :.:.i.':.:.: 

persons in an exit, entrance, or hallway of any c) anyone found to have committed violations of _ 
;.: He noted that the list of disruptive ac- campus building without the author ization of University or campus regulations dur ing a.:. 

~.:., ~. tivities were "unduly restlrdictive '
t 
A.tsttrike the adminislration of the campus fac ility ; ~~~~nu; oenm~;~~~i o~y o~~~~U~~i~i~lt :c~~ ~hc~ '.;~.:.::. 

at the Holiday Inn cou cons 1 u e a University or within one m ile therof shall be 
.;: disruptive activity within a one mile bl seiZing control of any campus build ing or subject to Un iversi ty discip l ine rang ing from a::: ~:~:::. radius that could require me to declare a port ion of a building to- the purpose Of in · mth irnOiUmghumeXpOuf'SISounS.pension for one qUarter ~::":~:". 

ta f t UCSD " lerfering with any adm in ist rat ive, S te 0 emergency a . educat ional , research , or other authorized 
"0 0.* 
;:: University act iv i ty ; : •.. ; 
.'. "We don 't need the resolution ," McGill That the President shall cause the Chancellors to '.' 
::: stressed. "The chancellors have all the enforce what was essentially the policy set forth ::: 
. :. c) preventing or attempting to prevent by force by him on March 17, 1969 : '.' 
:.: authority they need," he said. The rules or v iolence or the threat of force or violence ::: 

Assembly 
Delays 
Report 

'y DIV. ,St •• rlll 
What is the role of the university in 

defense research? This was the main 
question discussed at an academic sub-
committee meeting held Tuesday of 
Easter week. 

Prof. Andrew Wright of UCSD's Liter· 
ature Department briefly spoke with the 
TRITON TIMES this week as an elected 
representative from the meeting. 

"The fireworks that were expected were 
not forthcoming," Prof. Wright declared. 
"The associate professor of music who 
was to present his controversial report on 
defense research and the university post· 
poned it until the next meeting." 

The next meeting of the 35-member 
committee is apparently scheduled for 
May 3, Prof. Wright explained. In the 
meantime, the report will be presented to 
the Academic Council, compo~d of the 
chairmen of the nine Academic Senate 
divisions. Before the May meeting, the 
Council will read the report and make 
their findings and recommendations 
known to the academic conunittee as a 
whole. 

This renewed concern about defense 
research and the University of California 
closely follows a story published a few 
weeks ago in the West Magazine supple-
ment to the Los Angeles TIMES, by 
TIMES Education editor William Trom· 
bley. Trombley pointed out the various 
activities and facilities of the university 
that are involved in government defense 
research. These include such prestigiOUS 
operations as the Lawrence Radiation 
Laboratory in Livermore, and the 
facilities of the university at Los Alamos, 
New Mexico. ~:::' ::' necessary to prevent disorders were well- any lawful assembly authorized by the Chancellors , in accordance w i th campus ::,:,:,:,:, 

formed by Regent John Canaday in Un ivers i ty adm inistration ; r egulations on disc iplinary procedures, shilll 
impose discipline for violation of Univer · Prof. Wright said that some "hints were 

::: February, 1969, in response to the Thkd slty w ide pOlic ies or campus regulations ::: criven as to the contents of the expected 
:::: World College strike in Berkeley, he ex· d l d isrupting by force or violence or the threat of whether or not such violations are also .;::'" 
:::: t C d t f th ost force or v iolence a lawful assembly in v iola tions of law, and whether or not • controversial report," but concluded that 
:::: plained. "Regen ana ay se or. m progress ; proceedings are or have been pend ing in the ~:~ "nothing definite is known, and nothing 
:::: of the offenses that would constitute a courts involv ing the same acts . ::: will be known until the May 3 meeting." 

~ .. 

i; ................................... , .. , .. " ....... ......................... "' .. ' ..... '....;:::;;;:;':~;:;;·;;;·;:;::,:,::::,·;::~~";::~:··,···,··,··~;:;:~:.ll" and Doan of Stude,,, 0.., •• MW"phy 
Should AS Form 
Student Union? 

Roger Show ley 
News Editor 

Subject: a st Jdent union . 
Reason: dissc.tisfaction with the present structure of the 

AS. 
Prospects: flim . 

The AS Sen ate M(,l!!t!~y lAu nched into its perennial 
debate over v. hat it should be doing for the sLud.onts . 
Called by AS President Jeff Benjamin, the special 
meeting was meant to layout reforms of the AS as it is 
presently stru( tuted according to the Constitution of 1966. 

Muir Senator Lenny Bourin proposed early in the debate 
that students crganize themselves into a union, modeled 
after the nation's labor unions, and perhaps afi liated with 
the ArL-CIO . " If students decide to strike ," he remarked , 
" the AFL.cIO would support us in striking themselves." 

At present, he argued, the AS Senate is vi rtually a part 
of the student affairs office, because it must appropriate 
funds according to un iversity rules and procedures. " If 
we wanted to give money to the NAACP or the 
Minutemen, the rules wouldn 'llet us ." 

Upp r Division Senator Jim Magill opposed Bourin 's 
suggestion on the grounds that the AS would lose all 

Pigi 6 Triton Tim.. April 3, 1970 

revenues generated by a mandatory student fee. said the AS could turn over its responsibilities in the realm 
He said later that the AS was currently moving in the of student services to the university and "be freed to do 

direction of a student corporation, which manages the other things," which would not be controlled by UC policy 
various operations on campus, such as the Coffee Hut, on compulsory student organizations. "The campus would 
films and concerts, and student club projects . continue to provide the same kinds of things the AS is 

A corporation, Bourin countered, was the least providing now," he said. "There would still be a TRITON 
desirable structure the AS should adopt. "Look what the TIMES, there still would be concerts," but the university 

h d would probably charge a "student services fee" to pay for 
corporations in this country have done to it," e warne. these activities. The result, as Magill said, would be less 
The AS he implied, would be in danger of becoming an 
impersonal, self-perpetuating establishment should a student control over the projects and services it now 
corporate structure be used. provides. 

Vice-President Mike Palcic introduced the problem of The chances for reorganization of the AS this quarter 
the exact nature of the Senate 's responsibilities. "Some are dim, according to Magill. The elections, he said, are 
students," he said, " can do things to the advantage of tentatively planned for May 11-13, with run-offs on May 15. 
many other students , and as long as the money is coming The eight members of the AS Senate, the President and 
from the students as a whole, and if they want to improve Vice.President, and the college governments will all hold 
their lot, they should be given a chance todo it . The Senate elections simultaneously. For the AS to draw up a new 
was originally set up to administer those funds," for the constitution , have it approved, and hold elections soon 
benefit of all the students. after would be impossible this year. 

Muir Senator Steve Ishmael turned the Senate's at· 
tention to his conviction that the Senate is " now super· 
fluous. The Senate should be made a secretariat, rather 
than a policy-making committee. Some issues are not 
being served now. The AS should be more involved in what 
it is now doing ." 

Muir Senator Mark Elson noted that the AS might end 
up doing the same things it is doing now, indefinitely. 
" You 're talk,ing about the infrastructure," Bourin said . 
" But wha t we need is new conceptions of the AS ." 

The basic weakness of the AS Senate , as Bourin, Elson , 
and Revelle Senator Tom Peifer see it, is its inability to 
take political s tands on behalf of the s tudents on issues 
unrelated to the university. 

" Political issues haven 't affected more than 30 per cent 
of the students," Ishamel claimed. 

" But they are," Elson said . 

For the future, Peifer suggested that the Senators be 
elected to certain duties, such as to the program board, 
the communications board, etc. "There would be no need 
for a superstructure, and the elected St>nators could meet 
to communicate their latest activities . Then we would not 
have to elect represetatives to go around and dig up new 
things to do ." 

At present, the Senators are elected by colleges, one 
each from the upper and lower divisions. However , the 
colleges, according to Magill, can decide how their quota 
is to be appointed. In Muir College, for example, the 
Senators could be either appointed by the College Council 
or be members of both the Council and the AS Senate. The 
Constitution leaves the method of electing the Senators to 
the discretion of the colleges, and therefore to the 
governing bodies of the colle~es . 

Stull on UCSD Reception EDNA Tells All 
." 

"It seemed as though the greater part of the Raoul Contreras Staff Writer 

audience was composed of wild beasts." 
Growing rapidly on campus is the easy reputation of a 

certain female for both a willingness and ability to " put out on 
first call." Arriving midway through the Winter Quarter, 
EDNA is new on campus. She has tried to provide what you 
want, but being unlimited in energy, she is still un sa tisfied. All 
members of the academic community who as yet have not 
taken advantage of her easy favors are encouraged to call her 
at 453-E£?NA (3362 ) or 453-2000 ( ext. 1176 ), 

(Editon Note: This Is the &en of 
a radio ......... t of March' 10 by 
AssemblymaD Joba Stall (R· 
Leacadia) ID reapoaae to bJs 
recepCioD at UCSD 011 March '.) 

. On March 6, 1970, the 
University of california at San 
Diego Young Republicans Oub 
invited me to give a speech on the 
environmental crisis. Con· 
sequently, although I am sure 
many of you saw the report on 
television, I would like to tell you 
my impressions of the evening. 
At UCSD, the YOWlg Republicans 
are a small, struggling club, and, 
prior to my appearance, they 
have had trouble getting 
publicity. However, when I was 
scheduled, the school paper, the 
TRITON TIMES, gave frontilage 
coverage to the event. 

At the last minute, the ad-
ministration changed the 
meeting from a relatively small 
room to a lecture hall on the 
amphitheater plan which holds 
about 500, if people were to 
sprawl in the aisles - as they did 
when I spoke. Before my entry 
into the arena, Chancellor McGill 
briefed me on what he caUed " the 
battle plan." These are not 
exactly encouraging words to a 
speaker . However , at the 
building, I was escocted through 
a police cordon to get to my place 
on the platfoJ;m, and frankly,' as 1 
stood tMtl'e the first 'aionien't, 'I 
wondered why I was not holding a 
chair and cracking a whip. It 
seemed as though the greater 
part of the audience was com· 
posed of wUd beasts. 

Indeed, ODe person was dressed 
as an ape, although, frankly his 
appearance was not appreciably 
more anthropoldal than some of 
his non-costumed brethren. 
There were people with balloons, 
which they subsequently popped 
at intervals. Many others carried 
childish, Inane signs, such as 
"Addicts for Stull" and from the 
way they looked, one could well 
believe they were hooked on 
something. Previously, I had 
been informed that the majority 
of the audience planned a 
systematic disruption of the 
speech by clapping, stamping, 

THE WORLD OF GLAMOUR 
Sell the prestigious Yiviane 

WooQard cosmetics. 
Earn from $4 to $12 per hour. 

We train you. 
459-3684 

Research Technician for work 
in protein and amino chemistry. 
Must be willing to learn opera-
tion of related equipment. 

Degree preferred 
Call 459-2390 

ext. 326 

9:00- Noon Mon. & Tues. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

'AYS DONORS 
for selY;ce 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233 - 8328 

standing and noise in general. As 
the din began, the thought 
crossed my mind that, heaven 
help us, this noisy, disruptive 
group of students was supposedly 
from the top 12 1/ 2 per cent of 
their high school graduating 
class and that annually, 
California spends multiplied 
millions on their educations. 

This was an eyeball-tMyeball 
confrontation with the so-<:alled 
"love generation" who did not 
even have that minbnum of love 
required to let those who wished 
to do 50, hear my speech. This 
was an encounter with some of 
those whose cry of "peace! " 
means Vietnam on Hanoi's 
terms, but has nothing to do with 
any kind of peace here - the 

simple peace of the lecture hall, 
for instance. This was se~ing a 
number of those who howl about 
the hypocrisy of other 
generations, yet disrupt a speech 
on environment, with which they 
claim to be desperately con· 
cerned. This was the group that 
cried for "relevance" and yet 
asked questions of such 
monumental irrelevancy that 
they Were not worth answering. 
And of course, this is the group 
that demands "free speech"-but 
only for themselves. 

On this occasion, their behavior 
was not so much sinister as in· 
credibly silly, but the majority 
were an unthinking mob" and we 

_ have seen the depredations of 
other unthinking mobs. There are 
those of this generation who have 
deplored the goldfish swallowing . 
of the college students of the 
thirties, but I cannot see much 

Are you fravelling fo 

EUROPE 
B oo~ings ere now be ing accepted for 
any 01 the 3000 Intra·Europeon .tudent 
char ter flight. Ihrough the Educational 
Stvdent Exchange Program, 801 Wood-
,ide Rd., Redwood City, or 8217 Bever· 
Iy Blvd .• l .. Angele •. For Ihe book 
1;,lIng ali flight. and appl icallon forms 
for fl igh" and the In terna lionol Student 
Idenlily Cord. plea.e forward $1 .00 plu, 
75' for pa,tage and handling 

Available at 
GUY URQUHART 

1041 Columbia Street 
San Diego, California 

dilfereDce b1 kind front the 
wearb1g of ape suits and poppb1g 
ballooDl. And what is so ad· 
vanced about speaker-baiting? 
Those with closed minds have 
always 80 indulged themselves. I 
think the fact that the speech was 
on environment shows the intense 
superficiality of their much 
brooded concern. Yet on en· 
vironmental teach-in days and 
other occasions, we can an-
ticipate much weeping and 
wailing and gnashing of teeth as 
they seek to blame everyone but 
themselves. 

Nevertheless, I cannot con-
demn them entirely. They are the 
products of homes which have not 
cared enough to give them the 
security of discipline , the lesson 
of tolerance, nor the practice of 
sound values. And, of course, 
they are matriculating at a 
university whose entire 
heirarchy has long since lost 
touch with reality - a univerSity 
which sends police to protect a 
politician rather than enforcing 
simple rules which would make 
this unneccessary. And they are 
dealing with peers who do not 
treat them as what they are . 

There were many cries to the 
mob to "shut up" and "let him 
talk" and so on. One of them 
came from Dr. John Geddes of 
San Diego City College, 
whereupon UCSD Dean Murphy 
also present, threatened to throw 
him off the campus if he did not 
keep quiet and that was the only 
such threat of which I am aware. 
Where is the love ? Where is the 
peace? Where is the relevance? 
Where is the free speech? I know 
it was not at the University of 
California at San Diego the night 
of my speech, however , I can tell 
you exactly where the hypocrisy 
is , at least, if what I saw and 
experienced is an example . 

INTERESTED 
IN AN 

OVERSEAS 

Provides Information 
An information center organized by the office of student 

affairs EDNA is located in 250 MC and its purpose is to provid~ needed information to the academic communit~. It. is 
doing this by storing academic, campus, and communIty in-
formation and thereby making only a phone call necessary to 
find out about classes lectures, advisors, social events, 
movies (including X-r~ted), restaurants and meetings on 
campus. It is providing the students, instructors, and ad-
ministrators with the when, where, and who about campus and 
community services, volunteer work, special projects and 
interests, and the procedures and contacts necessary for the 
student to initiate activities himself. 

A typical job for EDNA has been to try and obtain inex-
pensive car insurance for students in San Diego. Another 
student called on EDNA to serve as a coordinator in fi nding 
people to organize an as trology class for no credi t. And, during 
the UCSB riots, EDNA served a rumor-c.ontrol purpose by 
providing up-to-date and factual informatIOn. 

Message-Relay Facility ? 

Although it has not been fully utilized, EDNA would also like 
to expand its possibilities as a message relay point. It will take 
messages for people normally out of phone contact and hold 
them for their recipients. Campus organizations and clubs are 
also e ncouraged to use EDNA as a message relay for urgent 
information that might come up between regularly-scheduled 
meetings. 

EDNA is also trying to be a clearinghouse where students 
can find out who's going to L.A., Santa Barbara, San Fran-
cisco, and can provide rides for passengers (for payment? >. 

Another service EDNA is trying to provide is that of crisis 
referral. On hand are reliable and qualified on-call counselors 
who can provide psychological counseling and help on medical 
and drug problems. Discreet in all affa irs, ED A promises to 
hold all data in strict confidence. 

EDNA to be Evaluated in June 

An action study EDNA was set up on the assumption that an 
information cent~r was needed. On the basis of daily records 
on types of calls and weekly evaluations, this assumption will 
be substantiated or refuted, and changes made if necessary. A 
final evaluation in June will determine whether EDNA will 
stay on for the 1WD-71 school year. 

EDNA is trying hard, but she needs help from tho e she 
serves. Encouraged to call are not only those who need in-
formation, but those who have it. EDNA is bored : call her. 

~---..---~--------.,. --_ ..... 
,£.. & ~ 
,furope .g~ i ~ H i 

c ARE E R ? ONE WAY F1l0M $135 ~ : I '" ~i : Jet Charter Flights ; ~ ~ aift Summer & Fall -i ~ 1970 -; ~ 
------ • E ~ 

,. i~ ~ t..: 
Dr . .Jay 13 . Hun l 
will be on the Cdmpus 

Monday, Apri~ 6t h 

to d iscus quali f ICa Tions for 
advanced Slud y al 

THUNDERBIRD 
GRADUATE SCHOOL 

and lob opportunities 
in the field of 

INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT 

Interv iews may be scheduled al 

t he Placement Office 

THUNDERBIRD 
GRADUATE SCHOOL 

OF 
INTERNATIONAL MANAGEMENT 

(r (1rmerly: Tilt' Arn"r.r;1n In ~lI t"I" 
for FMI il'}r" I (.,M, 

P. O . Box 191 
Phoenix . Arizona 85001 

Atfdl",~rt ....... fn 
Th,~ AIn,.rlf~q M'II',l~"'ll ,t A\SO(,.11Ia" 

, caO '" N ... e- ~ 
.- .... E 
;;: Ie 

• - ;;; ~.'" .I , .': E ~~ . 

I Thp~. lI'n~11 are open tn ,t uelonll Faculty. Staff Emo l ~,p~ < ~ ~ ~ s j i.' and Ino" ''''''1pd,alP ta mil\ 
...... ~.-..-..----~ .... ~----...------

PSAtells 
UCSan 
where 

!o.go~: ____ -... San FI s. Hollywood-
Burbank. an ntano 

So go From San Diego 
Call your campus rep 

travel ag('nt. or PSA 

Triton Times April 3, 1970 Plge 7 



Official I'ositions of tile Triton Times Ire tlk.n only in Irticles clearly 
libeled u EDITOR IALS. All other Irticles presenting opinion represent only 
Ille view~ of Ille indivldull wrlt.r, even if lie is a staff member. Tile editorial 
section is open to all members 01 tile university community. LETTERS will 
be printed as space permits Ind COLUMNS cllosen lor tlleir interest. im· 
portance, or enlertainme"t lIalue . Submit items 10 Trilon Times. 111 Blake 
HIli , Rellelle College, UCSO, La Jolla 92037. Please type articles, double· 
spaced, with 10·10 margins. 

Ideas Can Get Lost ••• 
UCSD is already becoming a cold, impersonal 

university. As its size increases, fewer faces seem 
familiar. Friends become harder to find, and students 
have difficulty meeting with their professors personally. 
Also, ideas get lost. What some people find very im -
portant, others are ignorant of . The r:nul.tiversity, t~e 
extreme form of university, a community In geographiC 
terms only in which diverse and unrelated activities are 
practiced by different members, completely unknown to 
each other, is an easy pattern to follow, and one that 
UCSD, from its inception, has tried to avoid. 

The college .plan is no guarantee against the 
multiversity. As a matter of fact, colleges can h~lp 
isolate the campus community in separate camps. ThiS, 
on top of the isolation that already exists between 
students and faculty, humanities and sciences, 
graduates and undergraduates. The isolation can be 
overcome only by creative effort on the part of all 
members of the campus community. Obviously, the 
development of deep relationships a.mong thous~nds. of 
people is impossible, but certain communication 
barriers must be overcome. 

The TRITON TIMES, in its shQrt life span, has not yet 
lived up to the role a campus newspaper should play in 
communication. Faced with limited funds and a small 
staff, we have tried to deal with issues of concern to the 
campus community, but we have barely scra!ched the 
surface. Some issues have not been touched upon on our 
pages : many academic subjects such ~s teac.hing 
versus research, lecture classes versus Idscusslons, 
innovation in learning methods, and college 
requirements, have been neglected. Only a few political 
and social questions have been discussed. Absent have 
been discussions of new religious views, Ayn Rand and 
objectivism, and the moderation espoused by 
DIMENSION. 

We feel that our role in the development of UCSD 
requires that we do more than just produce a campus 
newpaper. As we develop along with UCSD, we must 
compensate for the losses of communication inherent 
with growth. We must make ideas of importance to 
every corner of the academic community accessible to 
all of it. These are idealistic and long range goals . We 
will make a start, but we must rely on the aid of the rest 
of the academic community to do so. 

We wish to make our editorial pages a forum for all 
the community: students, faculty, and administration. 
Within our limited space, we wish to bring the debate of 
issues of importance to the university, perhaps in-
troducing some ideas from outside. We are asking that 
people who have something to contribute to the com -
munity put it in writing; send it to Editor, TRITON 
TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD. 

We must mention before closing that we must work 
with in space lim itations. One thousand words shoul d be 
considered in almost all cases a maximum; be as 
concise as possible. We try to give preference to sub-
jects and points of view which have not been exposed to 
discussion. 

Students on Search Committee 
The decision to make the Chancellor's Search Com -

mittee publ ic, and to include student representation, 
was a Vfise departure from tradition. Previously this 
decisi( n, of vital concern to the campus, was shrouded 
in secrecy and intrigue. Such histrionics were un-
neces!;ary and inappropriate. No longer can the chan-
cellor ~e chosen by an "in-el ite." Through the strenuous 
e fforts uf several personc; - both students and ad -
minist'ators - student representation has been given 
for tht; f irst time. 

This representation may be in token proportions, but 
we hope that the students' opinions will not be seen as 
s uch. Since the range of opinions represented by the 
hree .tudents chosen for the committee is, of course, 

not all ·encompassing, a parallel student search co""'" 
mittee is being formed. 

We hope that the newl y ·opened inputs into the decision 
of a chancellor will not be ignored by the campus. 
Submission of candidates or qualifications can be made 
to any of the members of Arnold's committee (see news 
article) and m e mbers for the s tudent search committee 
are currently being sought by the Associated Students . 

P ••• 8 Triton Times April 3. 1910 

REPLIES TO MARCUSE: 
" ... it is in the interest of all free men ... 
to permit any speech ... " 

Gabriel Jackson 
Chairman, Academic Senate 

In the issue of March 13 you printed a letter from 
Dr Marcuse entitled "Schwartz (sic ), a Mockery of 

. Co~servativ'e Thought." The letter was addressed 
to Dr. Martin Chamberlain with a copy to myself as 
Senate Chairman. Neither of us received the letter 
in time to respond in the same issue, and I would 
like to request as a matter of normal journalistic 
practice in the future that named recipients will at 
least have an opportunity to reply in the same issue. 

Dr . Marcuse 's long quotations from the writings 
of Dr. Schwarz indicate indeed that Dr. Schwarz is a 
mediocre political demagogue . Dr . Marcuse , 
therefore; 'concludes that the University Extension 
Division ought not to include him in a course on 
conservative thought. 

I think two important points need to be made in 
this connection : 

One : During a period of political hysteria more 
than a half century ago the Supreme . Courts 
adopted as a test for permissible free speech "The 
Clear and Present Da ger Doctrine" of Justice 

Oliver Wendell Holmes. Both the executive and 
legislative branches of fede,riP and stat~ g~~~r~· 
ments have frequently . applied a narrower 
definition of pennissible free speech but I, for one, 
stand clearly on the Holmes Doctrine. Unless there 
were demonstrable danger that a speaker's ap· 
pearance would lead to violence at or near the scene 
of his speech, I believe that it is in the interest of all 
free men and of the correct species of law and order 
to permit any speech, no matter how politically or 
intellectually offensive it may be to large sections of 
the community. 

Two : It should also be noted that Dr. Schwarz is 
scheduled to share the platfonn with Professor 
Minos Generalis of San Diego State College on the 
evening of his appearance, and that there are nine 
other scheduled sessions of the course. Among the 
other speakers will be such well known and 
respected conservatives as Senator Clair Burgener, 
Assemblyman John Stull, General Krulak and 
Admiral Gehres. 

"I leave the verdict to those who hear" 
--- Fred Schwarz 

Dr. Marcuse appears to hold his colleagues and 
the students at the University of California at San 
Diego in low esteem. He would "rotect them from 
the danger of hearing me lecture. He does not think 
they are capable of recognizing "a hate monger and 
rabble rouser of apparently hysterical stature" 
and making their own judgment. In his letter to Dr. 
Martin N. Chamberlain - Director, University 
Extension, UCSD, published in your edition of 
March 13, he strongly protests that I am to deliver 
one lecture entitled "A Rebuttal to the Left" in the 
series "Conservative and Traditional Views on 
Contemporary Issues. " ( Political Science X 
404(3).) 

If everything Dr. Marcuse says about me in his 
letter were true (and much of it is false), it would 
still indicate that I represent a significant influence 
meriting s tudy. The fact that the book "Danger on 
the Right" by Arnold Foster and Benjamin Epstein, 
which is sponsored by the Anti·Defamation League 
of B'nai Brith, devotes a whole chaper to me, in· 
dicates this; In passing, I mention that this chapter 
contains 32 provable errors of fact. 

I have read the available books of Herbert 
Marcuse . These include : • 'Reason and Revolution," 
" egations, " " Soviet Marxism, " " Eros and 
Civilization," " One Dimensional Man ," and " Essay 
on Liberation." I have also read several essays and 

articles written by Dr. Marcuse. I do not claim to 
have understood all that he has written. I sincerely 
doubt if Herbert Marcuse has done this. I do claim 
that I have understood sufficient to justify comment 
and criticism. The extent of my understanding I 
leave to the verdict of those who hear the lecture. 

I intend to discuss the message of Herbert 
Marcuse on the basis of the books he has written 
himself and not on those of his enemies. For 
example, I do not intend to take the writings of the 
Progressive Labor Party, which are critical of 
Herbert Marcuse, as the basis for an attack on him. 
I would consider this unworthy of a scholar. 

Herbert Marcuse deserves credit for his con· 
sistency. He has advocated intolerance towards 
movements which he considers to be from the right. 
In his essay, " Repressive Tolerance, ' included in 
the book, " A Critique of Pure Tolerance," he states: 

"Liberating tolerance, then, would mean in· 
tolerance against movements from the Right, and 
toleration of movements from the Left ... It would 
extend to the stage of action as well as of discussion 
and propaganda, of deed as well as of word." (Page 
109.) 

I hope Herbert Marcuse will not be completely 
consistent and that he does not intend to engage in 
action as well as discussion and propaganda to 
prevent my presenting the scheduled lecture . 

'lie 11t~' tk ~4'U! ~'tU W,d ~ 
11t"'~7'11t ~U7,1lE~ 'J:.'I1tt;. p~. 

4fPUl 4, /961 

r':<':' : • :.:<.:. :.:.:«.:.:.: . :«.:. :<.".:.: .,,«.:.:.:«.: .,. :.:«.".:.:<.:.:.,,:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. :.:.:. ".:. :. :':':':':'::'" .: .: .:.: .: .: .:.:.:.:.:.:.". :. :. :. :.:. :.:.: .: .: .: . : • : .: .:.:.:. :. ".: .: .: . : • : • : .:.:.:.:.:.:. :.: • : • : . : .".:.:.:.:. :. :. : . :. : .:. :.:.:. ".:.: • : • : . : .: .:.:. :.:.:.: .: .:.: . :.: • : . :. :. :.:.: .: .:. : .:. :.:. :.".:. :.:.:. : . : • : .:. :. : .: .: .: .:. :. !~! 

l .. ' . .l.. Tuition Strikes at Foreign Students : .. ~.,:. 
To the TRITON TIMES editor : C I'f . I E . The Unl'versl' ty has a role in social and economic 

. a I orma. F uctuating currency exchange rates can also .. 
:.{.: The following is a revised version of a statement written work to the foreign student's disadvantage. Moreover, in development throughout the world. The foreign students ~~.~ 

by those present at the UC Foreign Students Conference many countries a student cannot repay a debt after he has that come to the University of California seek an op· ~~~ held at UC Davis (Jan. 3O-Feb. 1, 1970). left the U.S., because of his government's restrictions on portunity for advanced learning. When they return home ~~~ 
::: foreign exchange. they take with them skills and knowledge that will con· ::: :.~:. th;~:r~~gC~~~:!~ !~~~~O~~g~:~:~':e~~gd:~ In view of these considerations, we propose that an tribute to the development of their countriales in

f 
cO~li t1~StS :.:.·i 

equitable amount of financial assistance be provided for ways. Furthermore, the benefit is mutu : ami arl y 
; .. ~:.: education at the University of California. the needy foreign student in order to encourage the in. with modern technology, research methods, equipment .~.~.~ 

Foreign students already pay high fees - four times ternational education program, the importance of which and people from the United States facilitates scholarly ·.:l.~ more per year than California students. Because of their cannot be over-emphasized (even though it cannot be and personal exchange. It also creates demands for j.~j 
.'. visa status as non·immigrants, foreign students are now accurately quantified ). United States products which stimulate trade. '.' 
:./.:.:' rth

eqW$300'red to pay nOfn-refsidenthit~htiO~1 Oft$ld,200tsper yea or flufs A. The University achieves prestige due, in significant If international education is to continue at . the ·.:.t.: e per year or ees w cas u en pay. u -0. part, to its success in attracting the best minds from University of California, foreign students must be given 
.'. state U.S. citizens can establish California residence after d t f . 1 t '.' :~::.:i.:::. ~},::'i~::~;:o~~r;F~F.!~";:~~:~~1~ :~::;~;:~:~;d~~~~~!r :::,~7:;'7:,~~;:ig; ~~~;;:,;~:~::~~;;~~~:~U;:!~~,':,o;.~~;; ~~ ~ .. :r .. ::: .. :~ one half or more of the financial resources available to contributing to the broadening of the cultural base and sent to Governor Reagan, and President Hitch (at least ). him, leaving a little over $100 per month for all living divergence of viewpoint essential to a university of ex. Those who think that something more can be, and should 
.:. expenses cellence . be done - e.g ., creating a committee - are invited to :.: ~~~ Many f~reign students are reluctant to take loans when C. Foreign students are a living resource in cross- contact Vivek Samant, A.M.E.S., ext. 1040. t 
.:. they are available because of repayment difficulties when cultural exchange in every classroom, contributing a :.:. ~:~ they return to their countries . Wages in foreign countries perspective for understanding which books and professors Members of the Executive Committee, } 
.;.~.; al re cOnStri~ertafblY .belowt dthostse in thle U.S.At · Immd igfrat~on caDnno1t fthully provjd~. t If ' Dr. RlonltfeFrnelal'xtional Club of UCSD :.: ~.~.; aws res IC orelgn s u en emp oymen , an a orelgn . n e commumty a arge, orelgn students perform 
::: student supporting his family has additional problems an educational function through their talks in schools, Chemistry Dept. ::: ~~~ because of similar regulations which prohibit the spouse churches, service clubs, and other civic goups, often Vivek Samant ;~; 
.'. from working. many miles distant from their own campuses, and A.M.E.S., Grad. '.' J In most countries it would take several years to earn the through their relationships with families in their com. Paul Pupier Dean Ward Beecher ilj 
::: money to finance a year of study at the University of munities. Linguistics, Grad. Foreign Student Advisor ::: 
.::::.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:. 

lETIERS TO THE EDITOR 

Answer to T,ition: 
WORK' 

Editor: 
Poor Carl Neiburger! Bad 

enough that he's suffering from 
an incurable case of "white 
liberal guiltfeelings," but.all that 
public whining about it. Tsk·Tsk! 

Please notice that the young 
lady for whom his heJlft bleeds so 
profusely is not doing any cry· 
baby act. She not only has more 
pride but more sense. She 's 
probably quite aware that if she 
gets a job as a waitress about 15 
hours a week during the school 
year and full time all swruner, 
she will earn more than enough to 
pay the added fees and have 
spending money to spare. This 
without . accepting any heavy-
handed patronizing gift from her 
spoiled boyfriend. She will also 
have the satisfaction of knowing 
she's still in college without 
adding to the tax burden of some 
full-time waitress with two kids 
to support who would otherwise 
foot the bill if Carl Baby has his 
way. 

Incidentally, Carl, you are 
right about one thing-"tuition 
was passed for political rea· 

sons." Even a slow 'learner ought 
to know by now that the U of C is a 
Political Institution run by politi-
cal people elected in a political 
process. "The shrimp will whis· 
tle" before you will change this 
fact with all your foot-stamping 
tantrums. 

How can you help the young 
lady, Carl Baby? First of all, stop 
preaching and be constructive. 
Encourage her to get a job-at 
least two are advertised right in 
this issue of the TRITON TIMES 
and students at UCSD tell me 
there are plenty available . Then 
check out all possibilities for a 
loan arrangement to be repaid 
when she gets full·time employ· 
ment. O.K.? 

On second thought, maybe the 
best thing you could do is get out 
of her life entirely before she be· 
comes as dependent on you as 
you seem to be on the California 
taxpayer. She'll probably run 
circles around you when she finds 
out she doesn 't need a guilty 
white lib for a security blanket. 

Why don't you have a contest 
and offer a prize to the student 
who is getting through UCSD with 
the least outside help-i.e., by his 
or her own efforts. Bet there are 
dozens of students pulling them-
selves up by their own bootstraps 

"On the contrary, Colonel, I think you'd 
look Irelt in bllck !" 

without complaint! 

Reply: 
Mother of a Working 

UCSD Student 

Needless to say, the young lady 
does hold a low paying, part time 
job. She will work full time 
during the swnmer. However, 
the money must be used to pay 
for residence halls, books, and 
other living expenses, besides 
tuition. With her future in doubt, 
taking a large loan is a question. 
able enterprise. The combined 
expense, increased by tuition, 
may, for her, be insurmountable. 

Carl Nelburger 

Stull and Pan calle 
To the Editor: 

The Regents of the N. Jack 
Pancake Awards would like to 
clarify the letter appearing in the 
March 13 issue of the TRITON 
TIMES which was sent by the N. 
Jack Pancake Awards Com-
mittee. First, your readers 
should be aware of the fact that 
Assemblyman John Stull is an ex-
officio member of this Awards 
Committee and that the 
"special" Award " For Unifying 
the Student Movement" which he 
received on his recent visit was 
passed in the committee by a vote 
of 1 to 0 (with 12 abstentions ). In 
addition it was voted to award the 
N. Jack Pancake Award for 
Excellence to all living Nobel 
Laureates. This motion was 
passed by a vote of 12 to 1. Mr. 
Stull in his minority dissent 
stated that it was a "}jersonal 
affront to previous (in his case by 
5.2 minutes) recipients to be 
lumped in the same category 
with known Nobel Laureates 
(who had even accepted 
money ! )." A subsequent motion 
to un-award Mr . Stull and, in-
stead, present the Award to " All 
Mankind Except John Stull" is 
currently being debated. Mr. 
Stull is claiming racial 
discrimina tion and religious 
suppression. It appears that this 
motion will be defeated on the 
grounds that, according to the N. 
Jack Pancake Memorial Con-
stitution and Declaration of 
Dependence, it is morally wrong 
to award the Award twice. 
However, since it is acceptable to 
award the Award thrice, it ap-
pears that Mr . Stull might be reo 
awarded . We, the Regents, want 
to make one thing perfectly clear. 
Despite this controversy, Mr. 
Stull's personal integrity will not 
be enhanced, nor will he receive 

political benefit . He does, 
however, retain the right, 
assuming he retains the Award, 
to have his pancake and eat it too. 

Jack Pancake strikes where 
you least expect it as well as 
when you least expect it (except 
in Leucadia on Sunday nights )! 

THE REGENTS OFTHE N. 
JACK PANCAKE AWARD 

Reserves fayor 
Vietnam Withdrawal 
'Editor: 

We, the undersigned, are 
soldiers of the United States Mili-
tary Reserve forces. 

We wear the same uniform as 
the American troops being killed 
and maimed every day in Viet 
Nam. We want those soldiers 
home-alive. 

We demand total withdrawal of 
ALL our fellow American 
soldiers from Viet Nam now. Not 
just combat troops, not just 
ground forces , but ALL troops. 

We demand total withdrawal 
now of all the American soldiers 
advising the armies of dictator· 
ships throughout Latin America 
and Asia . We don 't want Guate· 
mala , Thailand, or Bolivia to 
become the Viet Nams of the 
1970's. One Viet Nam is enough ; 
too many people have been killed 
already to preserve America's 
overseas empire. 

As men who have served in the 
armed forces , we have seen first· 
hand the dangerously growing 

power of American militarism. 
As soldiers and as citizens we 
believe we have a special obliga-
tion to speak out against it. 

L/ Cpt Stephen Pizzo, 
Marine Corps Reserve 

AB Chuck Williams, 
Air Force Reserve 

PFC Robert Domergue, 
Army Reserve 

fairness Lauded 
Editor : 

I would like to extend a small 
token of admiration to the editor-
ial policy shown in Volwne 9, 
Issue 10 (March 13, 1970). The 
"paid political advertisement" of 
the Bank of America wa:: placed 
in a very appropriate spot when 
put adjacent the normal page of 
TRITON TIMES editorials. It 
offers both views in such a way 
that the reader will read both 
articles, and come to his own 
personal conclusions. In refer-
ence to other editions of the TRI· 
TON TIMES, the editorial page is 
most often the second page and 
such advertisements as that of 
the Bank of America are placed 
toward the final pages. In Issue 
10, it seems clear that the staff 
went out of their way to set the 
editorial page opposite from the 
advertisement on the " center 
spread." You may have had 
personal reasons for doing so, but 
the effect seems one of fairness. 

Ralph Williams 

triton tiIlles 
E DITOR · i N· CH IE F Steve Londau 

Man.g ing Ed i tor HaYWOOd Gammon News E ditor 

Assoc ia te Manag ing Editor Mike KLaver ASSOCi ate Edi tor 

Copy Ed itor Chuck Grllham Future Ed i tor 

Associate Copy Ed ito Joe Eastern Arts Editor 

Photography Editor Mar~ Tr illing Sports Ed itor 

Ediior iai Assistan' Carl 0 NeIDu"~er 6.ulsta nt N ews Edi tor 

Ad yertlSl ng . .. . .C"pla Wakef ield 

Roger Showley 

Bill Ala09lu 

RiCh Heim lich 

Jeff F"~ 

Steve Dorsch 

Molly 5elvln 

STAFF WR ITER S: Cnr ls BIOIl. Jason Carnellrt . Mary Cia' k . O~an (ro'We . Susan Gravts AI'"" Hie 
tenan, Jim SillS, Dave Stearn S,eveS,ryl\er, Sam Wilson 

ARTS WRITER S; Bl'rnard f-Iynn. Bruce ~ lIer Larry IOhr'lSon 

SPORT S WR ITER S: Carol Chilhnglon ~r d Grunewald 

ARTI ST S Q \III!! Barkt"r Robert A conen . eMn·. under 

PRODU CTI ON ' Kartn Gtitk Judy Hltl Beth l'p'ons 

PHOTOGRAPHeR S: John Ka tk., Vince 8$5UIl0. Ktn Tan l9u.cnl 
ADVERTI S ING ASSISTAN T Susan Cllde~ 

rh~ TRI TO N TIMES II ottlC a Iy rfCognll~ lind support 0 ~.s a "Vd«lt n.~p.p.r bV the Com 
muniCition Board ollht Unlvtr lly 01 California n OI~O B.JdCl'ng '1 . ~"hfw!. C.mpul L. 
Joth', Celltornle 9~31 PublrClU ton I. tWIce we klyon Tv (jayS Ino Fridays Ihrouon Jun~ S. 1910 
Offices 8rt located In room 117. Blakl Hall. on the Revelle Cam pu For Advl'rfl InQ pt"looe 453 2000, 
)(l011 for editor ial or new" phon, )(10,6 

Triton Timls 



Anatomy of an Anomaly 
by John McCarthy 

(edi~or emeritus) 
According to Webste r, one of the definitions of an anomaly is 

" the s ta te or fact of being out of place, out of true, or out of a 
normal or expec ted position." 

The existence of the" " Anomaly Factory" in building 257 on 
the Ma tthews Ca m pus is a n example of such a state of being. 
Most people a t UCSD only know that the " Factory" is the 
home of the guerilla thea ter group that has performed several 
times in the plaza and in the San Diego community in the last 
two years, without being aware of its much more diversified 
past , present and future development. 

The present day " Factory " had its origin two years ago at a 
meeting at the Coffee Hut for people who were interested in 
experimenting with improvisational theater. The group 
rapidly developed past this informal stage and decided to ask 
the university for a place where they could meet and which 
they could call their home. SurpriSingly, the administration 
said "yes" and gave them half of building 257, which formerly 
contained showers and bathrooms for the Marines. but at that 
time was being used by the library for storage . 

An extracurricular workshop was set up in the spring of 1968 
under the direction of Da vid Cunningham, a n associa te in 
Drama . The workshop continued through the summer a nd was 
so popular and required such a great deal of concentration that 
it received academic accreditation in the f a ll of 1968. The 
course was first known as Literature 199 and was under the 
supervision of Dr. George Szanto . It la ter became Dra m a 199, 
again under the direction of David Cunningham. The primary 
focus of the sequence during the year was dramatic technique 
and its application to street theater. The Regents. love, and 
hate were some of the subjects of the performances of the 
group on the plaza last year. 

But during 1968-69 the thoughts of the group also turned 
indoors toward environmental theater. In the winter quarter 
of 1969 the students of Drama 199 began the renovation of the 
Mar ine latr ine known as 257MC, and after six months of hard 
work the " Anomaly Factory" came into existence. 

During this school year courses covering both en viron-
mental and street theater have gone under the labels of Drama 
40 and Contempo rary Issues 11. Courses are also being given 
covering the technical aspects of lighting and sound along with 

costum~s , make-up and othe r aspects of theater. Th e big 
productIOn for the group so far this school year was one which 
they did lor the Viet Nam Moratorium last fall. It was per-
formed at local colleges as well as at Horton Plaza in down-
town San Diego. There ha ve also been several other street 
theater performances in various locations. 

Beginning April 16 and running on Thursday. Friday and 
Saturday of the following four weeks will be the Anomaly 
Factory'S first full-scale indoor production. " Abraxas. " It will 
incorporate all the aspects of experimental theater that the 
group has acquired and discovered in its two years of exis-
tence , 

Tickets will soon be available on campus for those who wish 
to obse rve an anomaly in action-the " Anomaly Factory." 

Studer.t Nigger ... 
Students, ike black people, have immense unused 

power, They ~ou~d theoretically, insist on participating in 
t~elr own edt .catlOn. They could make academic freedom 
bIlateral. Thty tould teach their teacher:, Lil thrive" !nve 
and admi,rati )n rather. than on fear and respect, and to lay 
down theIr w ~apons , Students could discover rommunity , 
And they COl !lei learn to dance by dancing on the IBM 
cards. They could make colouring books out of the 
catalogs and they could put the grading system in a 
musewn . 

They coule. raze one set of walls and let life come 
blowing into the classroom. They could turn the classroom 
into a "field of action" as Peter Marin describes it. And 
they could study for the best of all reasons - their own 
r sources. 

They ~ould . They have the power. But only in a very few 
pl~ces.' like Berkeley, have they even begun to think about 
usmg I,t. ~or s tudents, as for black people, the hardest 
battle Isn t With Mr. Charlie , It·s with what Mr. Charlie 
ha don to your mind . 

Pllge 10 Triton Times April 3, 1970 

News You Will Onl, See on April fools Dar 

::: (Editors note: This material Is not true and any Earlier , the AMA had maintained the cream ::; 
::: resemblance to persons living or dead Is purely cheese rate was significantly higher according to ::: 
::: intentional.) , ::: 
. re~ar~h commission chairman Dr. Pink E. Lee. . 
::; , 'V!e re ready to admit we over-reacted in our ::: 

1.1 S.:E: C: -;C::-Gomno, ~:~£~E~~r. ~~= I. 
:;: Ronald Reagan today lashed out at realty offices in n a re ted development, the Kraft Dairy Co. has :;: 
::; Santa Barbara, saying they were guilty of what offered to purchase the Inins 01 deceased pot ::: 
;::' Reagan called "capitalist exploitation" of students smokers for use in their production. ::: 
::: in Isla Vista, the student residential community :;: 
::; near the campus. .::; 
::: Reagan said he abhorred and condemned ;:;: 
::; violence, and felt the burning of the Bank of Nix-. .-- fiIdI.... I c.t ::;; 
::: American was particularly bad, but that "we should :::; 
::: understand why this has happened." ::;: 
:;: Noting that although the bank was burned and :;:: 
::: realty offices ransacked, few other businesses had :;:: 
::: ~en affected. ~eagan told reporters, "There is a WASHINGTON - (CPS) - President Nixon :::: 
::: Jewelry store With fourteen diamond rings and a today announced the appoinbnent 01 Federal Judge :::: 
::: pearl necklace in the window. It stands right next Frederick Fitch of Itta Bena Mlasissippi to the :::' 
::: door to one of the realty' offices which was Supreme Court. ' ::: 
::: destroyed. Yet the jewelry store wasn 't even Contacted in Itta Bena Fitch said he would be ::: 
::: touched. " proud to serve on the sup~eme Court. " I've always :;: 
::: ,"That would seem," Re~gan in~cated , " to in- wanted to judge in the big leagues," he said. ;;; 
::: dlcate the students were Just a btt angry at the Fitch apparently will not face problems over ::: 
::: :ea.lty. An examination of the situation in Isla Vista ownership of stocks and bonds. Such ownership was ::: 
::: mdlCates why. When you cram 13,000 people into a major reason Clement Haynesworth failed to ::: 
::: one square mile and then charge $250 for a two rece~ve Senate confirmation. F itch, however, said ::: 
::: bedroom apartment, you should expect trOUble ." he did not own any stocks or bonds. ::: 

~:~ Reag,~n . also a.ttacked . the Bank of America's "All I own. jn this world ," Fitch told reporters :~: 
::: recpnt VIOlence m Amerlca" a~ . "It's hypocritical gathered at hIS estate near Uta Bena , " is my farm , ::: 
::: for that bank to talk about VIOlence when it is my car , and these four slaves." While his wife ::: 
::: helping finan,ce and sus~in a war in Vietnam, Laos, Magnolia stood by his side, the slaves served Mint ::: 
::: and Cam~odla whose vlOlence is unprecedented in Juleps and hominy to the reporters. ::: 
::: modern ttm~s . " " Fit.ch has lo.n~ be.en considered a pioneer judge in ::: 
::: The question we must consider, said Reagan, is the fIeld of CIVIl nghts, stemming back to a 1954 ::: 
::: '.'W~o is more responsible for the violent world we decision while he was state judge. Sam White, a::: 
::: hve.ln , t?e ~rustr.ateQ stude\1ts in Santa Barbara or Negro, had been lynched at ~~tCC sea 0(:: 
::: the m~ernabonal banking interests like the Bank of raping Nellie Jo Culpepper, a' whlte fu~ senool ~;: 
::: A1?~rlca who support the military effor t with student. Despite s trong pressure from the white :::: 
:::mllho,ns of dollqrs? " . c?mmunity , Fitch found three whites guilty ot;::: 
::: , otmg that the bank has "huge interests " in dIsturbing the peace, sentencing them to three :;:: 
::: SaIgon, Reagan accused it of " tremendous months in jail and fining them $50 each. :::: 
::: profiteering" while thousands of Americans die in Fitch came in for strong criticism from local Civil :;:; 
:;: South~ast Asia. _ Rights lawyers last year for dismissing, after what :::: 
::: anythmg less than outraged by the bank 's con- one lawyer said was a " thirty second hearing " a ::: :~: duct? " asked Reagan. complaint filed on behalf of several N~gro :~: 
:::. sharecroppers . They had protested the county 's ::: 
:::: cancellation of welfare payments due to lack of ::: 
:::: funds to pay them. Fitch, noting that tax rates were ::: 
:::: already high, said the sharecroppers should "show ::: 
:::: Agnew Visits Selle it Prison some initiative and get a job." They had "fed too :::: 
:::: long at the public trough," said Fitch. ::: 
:::: John Pureblood, a Civil Rights lawyer who :;: 
:::: practiced for two years in Mississippi before ::: 
{ SAN FRANCISCO _ (CPS) _ Vice President retllrn,ing to his Wall Str~et ia'Y ,firm ~ told reporters ~~~ 
::: Spiro T, Agnew today met with Black Panther that Fitch should have disqualified himself because ::: 
:;: leader Bobby Seale in the San Francisco prison ~any of the Negroes had. gone on welfru:e only after ::: 
::; where Seale is being held prisoner . F Itch had s topped groWing crops on hiS farm ,. '::: 
::: Agnew, while terming Seale "an unappreciative FItch told reporters that he had stop~ed growmg :::: 
.'. madman " s";d he sympathized ·th S I' cotton only after the Department of Agnculture had .. :, 
.:. ,.... WI ea e s case. t dl k d h ' t bee " ':.: 
::: "Attorney General John Mitchell (whose wife repea e , y as e un 0 , ause of ~~rp~use~. I :::: 
::: Martha is running for Senate ) is waging a pur- took a big loss by not. groWIng crops, saId F!tch .;::: 
::: poseful battle to put all you dissenters and colored De~artment of AgrJcultur~ : ecords show FItch, :::: 
:::folk in jail, and it's time we, the Great Silent who IS descended from a~ War Confederate:::: 
:::Majority, stood up for you." General Ler~y Lemay! was pa~d $122,069 last year::: 
::: To prove his sinceri ty , Agnew brought a basket of for not growmg anythmg on hiS farm. ::: 
::: fruit to Seale and said he would send another basket ::: 
::: ~v.ery Than~sgiving " for as long as you are in ::: 
::: JaIl - even If that 's 100 years." ::: 
::: Mitchell, interviewed in Washington, said he did Popular Songs Censored by GMnment ::: 
::: not have time to respond to the vice president 's ::: 
::: co~ents as he was . working full time to bring :~: 
::: cnmmal charges agamst Agnew's daughter Kim ::: 
::: for placing a six-cent American flag postage stamp . ::; 
::: upside down on a letter to a friend. WASHINGTON - (CPS) - In an unprecedented::: 
::: Mrs . Mitchell , interviewed on the balcony of her maneuve: y~sterday th~ c~air~an of the Federal ::: 
::: Washington Watergate apartment where she was Co~munlcatlons Com miSSIOn Issued orders to all,::: 
:::; watching several hundred troops beating anti-war radlO, and television stations to forbid th~ per-::;; 
:::: protestors and sipping tea, said , "Anything it takes f~rmmg of thre~ of the most pop~lar songs m the:::: 
'::; my John to stop those liberal communists from history of Amem'an popular musIc. ::: 
::: taking over is fine with me." The songs are: " Blow, Gabriel, Blow" by Cole ::: 
:::: Kim Agnew could not be reached for comment as ~orter and "~ruis i~? Dow.n the River," and " Keep ::: 
:::: her father has locked her in the bathroom of their It Gay, Kee~ It Gay, by RIchard Rogers and Oscar ::: 

::::Ma r~land home for blowing her nose during the Hammerstem, II . 1he songs were ban~ed because ::: 
. :::: playmg of the national anthem at the Army-Navy they were rated Il l, 112, and #3 respectlvely on the ::: 
:::: football game last fall. "All-time Homosexual Hit Parade" in a poll @on-::: 
::: ducted by the Gay Liberation Front. ::: 
:::: Failure to comply with the ruling will result in a ::: 
:::; revocation of the broadcaster's license and a $5 000 ::: 
:::: fine and/ or ten years in federal prison . '::: 
:::: Mllrijlllna Found Useful1D Dlliy In light of this decision, various grievance ;:: 
:::: committees have filed complaints with the Federal ::: 
:::: Communications Commission for the following::: 
:::: WASHINGTO songs to be banned : ::: 
:::: f th . N - (C; PS) - A, r~search team "Mine Eyes Have Seen the Glory of the Com ing of ::: 
:::: rom e Amer~can Medica~ Ass I~tlon (AMA ) has the Lord" - American Society for the Blind. :::: 
::: released starthng ne:v ~indings which are expected "Puff the Magic Dragon" - American Cancer :::: 
::: to reverse the aSSOCiatIOn 's anti-marijuana stand. Society. ;::; 
::: Af~~r a year of research, the AMA has announ ed "From Ru. ia With Love" - Daughters of the :::: 
::: that only seven per cent of the brains of Amerikan American Revolution. ;::' 

~: ::~~:~:.~~~:~~.~.~:.~:~:~.~:.~.~:~~~ .. ~~.:~~~~:.~~:~~.~~:',;,':.:.:,:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.':::~.~f.~~~~.: f.:~~~~.~~;.;.:.:.}~~.::~:f:~::?:t :~:~g~~:\::.;.:. : ~~ : 

film-comment 

germany 19 33-
usa 1970 

Jeff Fried 
Arts Editor 

? 
• 

One possible idea behind "The Damned" is to show that the same 
forces that were at work in Germany in the 1930s are at work here now. 
To reach this point, Visconti uses the image of the rich, fat , right-wing 
Industrialist using the threat of left-wing communism as a lever to 
gain control. 

I can find no fault with the technical end of the film, and the acting is 
singularly outstanding . Of particular merit is the job turned in by 
Helmut Berger as the emotionally disturbed heir to a Ge~an 
munitions cartel. While the role is an especially meaty one, the actmg 
job is truly up to the material. 

Visconti attempts to portray the right as deb~sed and ~e~enerate.' as 
if these were's natural charactetistic of a particular pohtlcalleanmg. 

What Visconti overlooks is that while he is condemning the Nazis, he 
is spreading a liturgy of hate. Degeneracy is not the ,private pro~rty 
of the Nazis , or right-wingers ; it is open for world-Wide ~wnersh!p . It 
was not the degenerates in Germany that supported the rise of Hitler, 
it was the " normal " people. It was not only the un~~ucated factory 
worker but the college professOl' , the doctor, the mmlster ; every~ne 
who either cooperated with the Nazis or did not speak ?ut agal~st 
them. The methods that the film illustrates , double d~ahng an~ m-
trigue are used by every politically ambitious group, be It left or right. 

What Visconti is saying is beware of the forces that would rob you of 
the rights that protect you. What I am .saying is beware of these. s~e 
scare tactics when they come fr<X1l a different quar~er . The NaZIS .sald 
give us power and we will protect y:lU from the eVils of communism ; 
some people here , now request this same power. 

But the answer is not a change of system as many cry for . Unlike the 
portrayal in "The Damned" those people who rally to the fanatics' cry 
for more police, restriction of news, and control of decadents are not 
degenerate pigs, but simply scared people . 

A change in the system is not what is needed, but a change in aware-
ness. People must be shown that encroachmen~ into freedom ,are 
hard to reverse , and that they must be wary of giving them up m a 
stampede of fri ght. 

That is what I find wrong with Visconti's film . It is an intensely 
emotional and moving film, but the basic premis is shakr· It is not the 
degenerate that we have to fear, but, as F .D.R . ·has pomted out, only 
fear itself. 

"The Damned " is currently showing at the Capri Theater , and is 
worth the trip . 

THE AltTI 
C. B. 

and 

Friends 
Baseball season is upon us onc~ again . but Charlie is In trouble , It seems as if the 
team has chosen the p i t cher ' s mound to hold a philosophical d iscussion , 

film-criticism 

CI A Boy Named Charlie Brown," the latest in the 
parade of " Peanuts " -{)riented media creations, 
opened this Easter week at the Grossmont Theater . 
I would be less than honest if I did not say that I 
went to see the film expecting to be disappointed . I 
did not believe that the whimsy and charm of the 
comic strip could be successfully transferred to the 
screen . To a point, I was pleasantly surprised , 
While the entire effect of the comic strip was not 
transferred , a great deal of it was. 

"A Boy Named Charlie Brown" is not a young 
child 's movie, because the comic strip is not a 
young child's strip . The film covers most of Charles 

Shultz 's familiar ground. The first ball game in the 
spring; Charlie 's visit to Lucy the psychiatrist ; 
Snoopy's fantasies; and Linus and his blanket are 
all included. 

High points in the film are Rod McKuen 's music , 
and two excellent sequences. The first of the!:oe 
involves Schroeder and Beethoven in a scene with 
Lucy. Schroeder plays Beethoven's " Pathetique" 
and the background art work is very reminiscent of 
work in "Fantasia ." The second sequence also uses 
this abstract technique, as Snoopy imagines himself 
as a champion hockey player. 

Overall, the film drags in some spots but was an 
enjoyable viewing experience. It s not recom-
mended for the very young, but we older children 
should enjoy it. 

Communication can't be one-
sided! There must be something 
tbat's bothering you nationally, 
on campus, or even in this 
newspaper. The TRITON TIMES 
welcomes LETI'ERS TO THE 
EDITOR and will print as many 
as space permits. Letters should 
be typed, double-spaced, with 60-
unit margins , and must be 

received no later than Tuesday 
for publication on Friday. Mail 
to: TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake 
Hall, UCSD, La Jolla, 92037, or 
submit in person at the office. 
NW comer Blake Hall. 

dialogue. All members of the 
university community are invited 
to express their views in the 
opinion section of the TRITON 
TIMES. C0 1.UMNS should be 
typed. double-spaced, with 60-
un it margins , and must be 
received no later tban Mondav 
for publication on Friday. Please 
do not exceed 800 words. 

••••••••• 
Help create a forum fo r 

GOES BEYOND 
THE HEADLINES 
" It has made my (Venice) festival. It seems to def ine more clearly 
than any 'protest' fil m I have seen the distinction ~etween those 
who want to change the rat race and those who Si mply want to 
opt out of it. " 
_ Margaret Hinxman. Sund~y Telegraph , London 
" Never has today's cinema made so deep a testa!,,~nt to the young 
Americans of our time. Never.ei~her has. it so b~,lllIantly realized a 
fusion of film-reportage and fictional eplso.des. . 

_ Jeune Cmema, PartS 

"Ven ice th is year only came up with one new d irector with anyth ing 
very excit ing to offer, Robin Spry." 

_ Ian Cameron . Montrea l Star 

"Very well done, remarkable. " 
_ II M . . .. Vg.ro, Rome 

"Filmed with intensity ." 
-- II Giorno. Rome 

"PROLOGUE is a beautifu lly open movie that tunes in on Yippies 
and Hippies, the power and the flower people . 01 the N Left and 
gives us a discriminating sense of where their h~ads at. The 
two people at the center of the story leave us With ~ ~o r~ -
ances so real they seem like person transplants. 01 _obm 
Spry sees his generat ion and likes their.nerve bee elt,- :.'~\ 
that under the new hair-do they are trymg a new hea 

__ Brad Darrach , LIfe' aline 

( u n ~. VE NIC( '\I. 
" FIL" :\I. ~TI:;JI 

EXTRA/ 
AcAD£MY 
AWARD 
NOMIN EE 

"BLAKE " directed by Robtn Spry WIth Gary Rader Elaine Malus 
John Robb and featuring Ab bie Hoffman 

... ---------4 A-5lAPv.,,~ ~----.. 



Jeff Fried Arts Editor 
Perhaps the truth of the matter is that San Diego audiences are just 

not ready for sophisticated material. The problem that arose during 
"Rosencrantz and Guildenstern" was that a large segment of the 
audience was not familiar enough with " Hamlet," the play that " R 
and G" was based on. Without some prior knowledge of the 
Shakespearean classic a great deal of the material in "R and G" is 
hard to comprehend. 

The second problem was that once again the Civic Theater proved 
much too large a hall for this type of play. "R and G" was much better 
suited to the smaller , more intimate atmosphere that a theater such as 
the Old Globe could provide. 

Since this is a review after the fact, in that the show is long gone 
from San Diego, I will be brief in my comments concerning the perfor-
mance. Overall the quality was good, with a particularly fine job done 
by Robert Burr as the head of a troop of pornographic players. The 
sets were only fair and the direction seemed slightly static . In general , 
if you were familiar with the substance of "Hamlet" and had a quick 
ear for subtle hwnor, the play provided an entertaining evening. 

The next show scheduled by the Theater League is "I Do, I Do! ", 
arriving for performances on April 5 and 6. 

continued from pI,e l ' 
TIMES Attacks " Intolerance" •. , ., 11l, 

On March 30 the LOS ANGELES TIMES in an editorial attacked 
Marcuse for hi~ "intolerance of the poll tical right, intQlerance of the 
Establishment, intolerance of opposition to socialism," cha~ges which 
Marcuse subsequently denied. Although the TIMES conSiders ~ar­

cuse's ideas wrong they feel he should still be allowed to teach here Just 
as Schwarz should be allowed to talk here. 

In an interview with Chancellor McGill, it was learned that despite 
the nwnerous letters, statements and the editorial , the univerSity has 
received less outside comment on the matter than on any other matter 
of comparable significance. . , 

The offering of the course on conservatism, he sald, .wa~ motlvau:d 
by last year's sponsoring of an Extension course on radicalism. McGill 
feels that it is now a matter of acadenuc freedom that Schwarz be 
allowed to speak. There is no way he can be prevented . . 

Marcuse , who has subsequently sent another letter to Chamb~rlam, 
denied that the issue dealt with free speech at all, but ~ath~r With the 
subiect of accreditation. He stated that he has no objection to Sch-
warz' appearance if he were in a free ~peec~, area ~nd were not 
teaching in an accredIted course. He added. that toleratIOn sho~d be 
withdrawn from groups and movements which oppos~ th~ e~tenslOn of 
social security public services , medical care, etc. I fmd It mtolerable 
that pressure groups should prevent the richest country in. the world 
from improving public ~ervices and the care of the old and sick." 

SUNDA Y, APRIL 5 *** 
REVELLE PLAZA 2:00 P.M. 

SIL VER-SUN DANCE 
HAPPENING 

Presented by CR:O~:I/:"TS 
FOR YOUR BEAUTY SUPPLIES 

S~ 
BEAUTY STORES 

Soecial ~iscounts with 
Student Card 

C1 a; roil-Laoi na 1 
Raux-Breck 

English Leather 
Oion-Hell i te 

Old Spice-Redkin 

DIA, ' E SHOP? r:c CE -TER 
4.02 C LAIREMO:T Mr..:;A PT , ' f) . 

~'i 2-3242 

\:O.s"'ETICS 
SHAMPOOS 
TINTS 

COLO WAVES 
i1AIll SPRAYS 

WIG SUPPLIES 
GIFTS 

J 
lIrlGS 

l:~ IVERSITY SQ 'ARE 
SHOPPING CE. 'TER 
39,9 ('..o\·ERNOR DR. 
... ~ ?,-e3r ' 

Pl" 12 TritDn Times April 3. 1970 

Student 
Special 
Offered 
af Unicorn 

This Wednesday the Unicorn 
and the TRITON TIMES again 
offer a special program for 
students . The second TRITON 
TIMES night at the Unicorn 
features "It Happened Here" and 
"Targets." All UCSD students 
will be admitted for $1. 

" It Happened Here " projects 
the vision of an England suc-
cessfully invaded by the Nazis in 
1940. It concerns the occupation 
by the German Army and shows 
how fascism works on the 
populace. 

"Targets " is the last film that 
Boris Karloff made . In 
"Targets" Karloff plays himself, 
an aged star of horror films. A 
separate story concerns a young 
man who is a psychopath with a 
large collection of weapons. The 
stories converge , mingling their 
themes, each enlarging and 
outlining the other by both 
dissorWnce and harmony. ·The- · 
film ends with both Karloff and 
the murderer coming together at 
a drive-in-rnovie. Sections ,o( old J 
horror films are used with a 
beautiful effect. 

This program will run from 
April 8th thru the 14th, but only on 
the night of the 8th are the special 
prices in effect. 

'14a 31nlla 
~~~rt!l 
!larkrt 

2259 Avenida DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 459 - 3465 

Groceries, 
Produce, 
Meats, . 

Wine & I -eer 

Fidelity Union 
life Insurance Co. 

Col/egeM aster 
Holiday Inn 

SUITE lOO 
LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 
453-1853 or 
279-6878, 272- 05 8 

Don Clemen - Monte Evens 

Chal1ces of rescue seem slim as the oxygen supplV dwindles in Ironman I. 
" Marooned " is at the Loma Thealer . 

film-criticism 

' ... and then there 
were tw'o' 

"Marooned," the latest entry in the space-flick derby , opened last 
week at the Lorna Theater. . 

" Marooned" is no "2001" but it is not without its merits . It is 
strongest where " 2001 " was weakest, and vice versa. Where "2001" 
was abstract, "Marooned" is concrete, a story dealing with a specific 
problem. Where "2001" was a visual gem in both its graphics and its 
technical simulations, "Marooned" is less than s timulating. 

The film really starts to corne to life in the second half. It is there 
that the real problem, the crux of the situation is dealt with . What do 
you do if you have three astronauts in orbit, stranded, with oxygen 
enough for only two to be rescued? It appeared to me as if the film 's 
answer was a serni-eopout, but perhaps it was a realistic one. 

The acting, directing, and cinematography are all competent, with 
perhaps Gene Hackman standing out with his performance as a 
slightly psychopathic astronaut. 

FUN AND MONEY 
se ll "Vi ia~'WoodaitrileoslBetias . 

Learn make-up techniques_ 
We train you, 

.. ~, 459-~84 ,,1 ! 

ELECTION 
COMMISSIONERS 

NEEDED FOR 
SPRING 

ELECTIONS 
IF INTERESTED, CALL JEANNE 

AT EXT. # 1918 

P·R~A·N~-· 
SAUN~~~ 
TURN 

ON! 
Yoga Workshop 

M-W-F 
9:00-1 0:00 

Gym 

'1970 
CAL JET CHARTERS 

"Do,," lie ........ Itl/ Io_r p ...... - ~ty ... 11 our ..... b .. ettart ... lNUp. 
1-...... 1. nnt_ 00"" ... callAllM out .t til ..... mlnutl." 
ALL ~LlGHTS VIA TRANS INTIIRNATIONAL AIRWAYS OR 
SATURN AIRWAYS DC .. SUPKR.JaTS WITH COM .. LlMIINTARY 
MEALS AND .IIVERAGU_ . 

FI~ Anita" _ of .len. 1. 197Q 
5 I 

SUMMER ~LlGHTS 
No. 112 - LOS ANGELO/AMSTERDAM (Round trip) 

JUNE t:I--"UQUST .1' ___ _ • __ .. _____ .•. _ ... _ ." •• 
No. IU - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (ROUIld trip) 

JUNE t4-SEPT_ ••• _ •••• •• ••••••• _ • _ • __ • _ • ,,21' 
No_ 134 - LOS ANGIlLU/LONDON (ROuIld triP) 

JUNE tS-5EPTIIM.ER 7 ••••••••••• •• •• _ • _ •• "21' 
No_ ~OO - OAKLAND/AMSTIIRDAM (RDUIld trip) 

JUNE 1I-SIlPTIIM.IIR 7 _." •••• _ • _ ••• _ • _ ••••• .,It 
No. US - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (ROUnd trip) 

JUNE 17-5EPnU.8ER ,. • ___ •••• _ • _ • _ •• _ ••• • tlit 
No. U' - NEW YORK/LONDON (ROUM trip, 

JUNE lI-5aPTEMaER. •• _ • _ •••••• _ • _ __ ••••• "11 
No. 137 - LOS ANGELES/AMSTERDAM (RoUncI trip) 

JUNE 30-5I:PTEM8£R 2 •••• • •••• •••••••••••• 12" 
No. 131 - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (Roulld trip) 

JUNE 24-AUGUST 24 •• _ • __ • • • _ .•• _ ••••• •••• 12" 
No. 4001 - OAKLANDILONDON/AMSTERDAM/OAKLAND 

JUN. "~EPTEMaER 21 • ____ ••••• _ • _ • _ • ••. • salt 
NO. 4005 - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (Round trip) 

JULY 2- AUGUST 10 __ •• _ ___ • _ • _ • _ •. •••• _ • _ ,,2" 
No_ 141 - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (Roulld trip) 

.IULY4-AUGUSTII. _ •• _ •• , _. ____ ._ •••••• _. _ .,2" 
No. 4003 - OAKLANDILA/AMSTERDAM (ROUIld trill) 

JULYII-AUQUST 27 ••••• ••• _ •• • •••• • • _ •• •••• 2 •• 
No. 4004 - ONE WAY - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM 

JUNE 23 •••••• __ _ • _ ••••• ' •• _ ••••••• __ ••• 11" 

SPECIAL!! INTER~EUROPE STUDENT 
~HARTER FLIGHTS 

In cOnjunctlo" wltll CII J~ ".11 .. lilted .lto .... It '.ntutlc.1I1/ 
r.duced r.t ••. Stud.nt ch.rI ... to Indl., Tu" .. '. (Nortll Africa) . 
E •• t A'rlca, Turk.y. Greec., "uok. M.It •• Ind ,., •• , (Tel A .... ) . 
.'10 ...... ltl •• t reduced ntn. r 
CALL OR WRITE NOW ~OR FURTHER INFORMATION AND 
APPLICATIONS 

WRITE: Cal JetCh..,.. PHONE: (411n 922-1434 
-. 2150 Green St. or (After 8 and 

San FrIIIlClsco. Ca. 94123 weekend" 
FI.IIII 0 ... " 0111" to stu_b, f_Ittr, Ihff .nd _ .... ~ 

• ... t ...... I"' ......... f ........ of '1M u.. of C.llf. 
CHART.AS TO JAPA • AUsTRALIA "'IUCA ALSO AVAIU.L • 

• I 

Phillip Rehfeldt 
Clarinetist Phillip Rehfeldt will 

appear in recital this evening in 
the Recital Hall on the Matthews 
campus. 

Rehfeldt, a member of the 
Music School faculty at the 
University of Redlands, is a 
performer on clarinet, flute and 
basson. He recenUy recorded 
" New Music for the Solo 
Clarinet" for Advance Recor-
dings. 

The recital will feature 
" B,a ,b,b,it,t ," a work by Donald 
Martino, and Elliot Borishan-
sky's " Two Pieces for the 
Unaccompanied Clarinet." 

The recital begins at 8:30 p.m . 
and is free and open to the public. 

Havens+Sebastian 
In the 'somewhat chaotic 

scramble that is today's world of 
music, it is a rare delight to be 
able to ' enjoy the genius and· 
beauty of simple folk music. 

On Friday, April10th,lovers of 
folk and rock will enjoy two 
major performers in the field : 
Richie Havens and John 
Sebastian. Rounding out the 
evening will be Jerome, a new 
folk-rock group from the San 
Diego area. 

The concert will be held in 
Peterson Gym at San Diego State 
and will start at 8 p.m. Tickets 
ar axaijabW at Ur Hall I 
Central Box Office, at $2.75 for 
students and $3.75 for the· general 
ubLi 

Cotton Com m ittee 

This Saturday a show arrives 
at the University of San Diego 
that should satisfy everyone. The 
James Cotton Blues Band is 
joined by The Committee and 
Hoyt Axton to provide a multi-
faceted evening. . 

The james Cotton Blues Band's 
range is from the explosive to the 
warmth of a blues ballad. The 
word "soul" is overworked, but 
blues is soul and the James 
Cotton group plays heavy blues. 

The Committee is San Fran-
cisco's famed satirical revue. 
Those of you who haven 't seen 
them yet are in for a new ex-
perience, for every performance 
is totally unique. The material for 
each performance is wholly 
improvised by the group and is 
constantly changing to. keep pace 
with new ('vents. 

JOining the above on stage will 
be Hoyt Axton. Hoyt is smooth 
and easy on the guitar and his 
brand of folk music will provide a 
nice balance for the evening. 

The performance is at 8:30 
p.m . in the USD gym. 

At Sherwood 

Upcoming this week at Sher-
wood Hall are two lectures and a 
concert. On Monday Robert Irwin 
will talk on "The Problems of 
Contemporary Aesthetics. to A 
professor at the University of 
California at Irvine , Irwin is 
considered one of America 's 
foremost contemporary artists. 
The time is 8p.m ., and tickets are 
$1 for students and $1.50 for the 
public. 

On Thursday Charles Emerson 
will talk on "Post-War America 
in Action : Abstract Ex-
pressionism and Action Paint-
ing." This lecture, part of the 
Monthly Members Study Series, 
is at 10 :30 a .m . and is free to 
members and their guests. 

POSSIBILITIES 
The week closes out with a 

concert by Raymond leuenthal, 
pianist. This concert is jointly 
sponsored by the La Jolla 
Museum of Art and UCSD. The 
concert is at 8: 30 p.m . and tickets 
are available at the UCSD box 
office. 

John Robb sells Rapcord i n " pro-
logue," at Ihe Academy Thealer . 

'Prologue' 
" Prologue" a film by the 

National Film Board of Canada, . 
opens today at the Academy 
Theater. For those of you who 
have seen " Medium Cool," 
"Prologue" will provide you with 
a different look at a familiar 
event, the Chicago riots. 
,.Wbere J1Mediwn Cool! llooked ' 

at the relationship between ob- . 
servers and what they were 
\latching, "Prologue·" looks at I 
tlIe-participants. It tries to show 
two contrasting points of view, 
the first being that of the activist, 
the second being that of one who 
chooses to simply withdraw. 

"Prologue" has been the center 
of some controversy, as it is 
fairly critical of the Chicago 
police . This in itself is nothing 
new, but the makers of the film 
are financed by Canadian 
government, and this has led to 
some hassle.' 

Like to R .. d ? 

Book Reviewer W.nted 

.. I Bill A/ol"u 

Triton Times 

LaJolia Art 
Coming attractions at the La 

Jolla Museum of Art include a 
new exhibit scheduled to open on 
April 4th. This exhibit will 
feature 22 new works aquired by 
the Museum during the past two 
months. Works by Robert 
Rauschenberg , Roy Lichtenstein, 
Robert Irwin, Milton Avery , 
Nario Azuma , Oskar Kokoschka 
and Morris Broderson are 
featured in the new showing. In 
the Garden Gallery the 
Museum's Sculptor-in-
Residence , David Thompson, will 
create an exhibit entitled 
" Tumbleweed ." Actual plants 
will be used, with the sculptor's 
aim being to provide a new 
dimension in experience for the 
viewer. A third exhibit will 
feature works by James Saw in 
the Rental Gallery. 

Mr. Thompson will conduct a 
tour of the new exhibits on 
Sunday. This tour is free and 
open to the public. 

Cinema-Dance 
This weekend through Tuesday 

the Unicorn will feature its In-
ternational Dance Festival. A 
schedule of the events leads off 
with "Red Shoes," "The Ballet of 
Othello," and "Nine Variations 
on a Dance Theme" on Friday 
evening. Friday at midnight 
features "Black Tights" and 
' ''Kama "SU'tras." Saturday's 1 
schedule starts with a matinee 
showing of "The LitUe Hump-
backed " ,. Horse" and 
" Adolescence ." The evening 
show presents " Romeo and 
Juliet," "Golddiggers of 1933," 
and "Duo." Saturday also will 
have a midnight showing 
featuring "The Lovers of Tar-
vel," "Trance and Dance in 
Bali, " and "African Frenzy." 

On Sunday two shows are 
scheduled, with " The Nut-
craker" "Ballet Girl" and 
" Ballet'Oop" in the aftern~on and 
" Plisetskaya Dancers, " 
"Adolescence ," " Moment of 
Love," and "Yugoslav Folk 
Dances" in the evening. 

Monday night's features are 
"Stars of the Russian Ballet," 
"Gestures of Sand," and " The 
Little Humpbacked Horse." The 
program ends Tuesday night with 
" Romeo and Juliet, " " Dance," 
and " Russian Ballet and Folk 
Dance." Matinees start at 2 p.m. 
and the evening programs begin 
at 7 p.m. 

These people are trying to tell you 
about Saturday's Underground program ... 

AC.A.DE~"" :JrdAn---.. .. ry 3721 UNlVEii§ii'v lINE 2114 ·1000 .. "".... I ALL COlOR ~AM SPECIAl. fa lI8n~ ADULTS 
"'" "'I"n'WT IM'nJ 
..., ~!lPRJNC ' 

DAllllNG INTENSITY l 

f18mfii ~~ ..... ~IJ TI .... CAI'~ (l) t)IJN~S (1) 
1~1b OIIlVtlO (10) ~ NiCI, ........ 1Ui I ') .l\"'I'.'IV~ (""'') 
'11.«. 'f.IU. 'I\)Ctl (11.) S~SAtJIlMl':r 1'10.\ If» I OIAD£ ~\S flUA (i'lo) U1. t t4) 

~"'" ,toI 0 ",'0.0II. (11\ 

Ph i ll Ford and Mimi Hines , as they 51arl wedded life in " I Do, I Do !" at Ihe Civ ic 
Theater April Sand 6. 

'I 00,1 Do' 

On Sunday and Monday 
evenings the· Broadway Theater 
league will present the musical 
"I Do, I Do." Starring' in this 
edition are Phill Ford and Mimi 
Hines. Both are established 
television and stage performers, 
with their greatest success 
cOming when they stepped into 
roles in "Funny Girl" and p!dyed 
for eighteen months. 

" I Do, 1 Do" was adapted for 
the stage from a fine little movie 
called "The Fourposter. " The 
play follows the married life of a 
couple starting with the wedding 
night. All the action takes place 
in their bedroom and revolves 
around their bed, an old four-
poster. 

Tickets are available at the 
Urey Hall Central Box office, at 
the Civic Theater, and all Metro 
Agencies. 

************ 

"ONE OF THE 
YEAR'S 10 BEST!" 
-aay 32 0' ,It. Nation 's Leqding Reviewers 

"VISCONTI'S MASTERPIECE 
... a monumental movie ... 
everything about it is 
su perlative ... Helmut 
Berger, brilliant!" 

- Kevin Thomas, Los Ange le s Times 

"A GENUINELY GREAT FILM!" 
- Winfred Blev;ns , Los Ange les 

Hero/d ·Ex aminer 

lIe 
W3loi 

soon to 
1x"~'()IlK' 

tJK" ~'ef)IKI 
nK~t )lowerfill 

111311 UI 
'~~. -' 1~1 
(;cr.llaJ~ 

D·A, r' ~,.oJ .• J~ "J ,, ' ,." . nCMIIICOtO". BO~"f . Il IJI ,,', • ~ ' •.. , " - "" FDOM WARNERBROS •• , ', .. II, L l 1 )111..1. 1. , l. ~ " • 

NOW 
SHOWING( 

Triton Tines April 3, 1970 P •• , 13 



We' ve got a check plan that ' s cheap and simple. 

It costs $3 a quarter . You can write as many checks as you want. 
And there's no monthly service charge. You still get a statement 
every month, so you can keep track of your money . You can even 
keep your account open during the summer with nothing in it and 
we won't charge you a cent. The plan's just for college students. 
And the only place you can sign up for it is at the La Jolla 
Branch of Wells Fargo Bank at 1020 Prospect Street in La Jolla. We 
don't have a clever name for the service . So just come in and ask 
for the check plan you read about in the paper . 

(And here are a dozen pictures of ou r stagecoach so you won't 
forget who paid for this ad .) 

"'--1" - '-""-1iII1I 

·111..:i {:~ 
'I I 0' 

Th, T,iton Tim" ne,ds sup""i,ors .nd p,r,onn,1 in proo're.ling, cOPYf,.ding, p.".up, .nd j,.dlin, 
writing. limited ,alari" for ,up,r"iofs a" a"ailabl, .ft,r tfaining p,riDd. Ad".c.",.nt po.,ijili,., 

, 

fOf a/l position,. Stop by th, offic, In 81.k, H./1 'or furth,r information. 

Plge 14 Triton Times April 3, 1970 

Thinclads Host Chapman, 
Cal Lutheran Tomorrow 
UC San Diego's Track Team will host Chapman College and Cal 

Lutheran College tomorrow afternoon at 1 p.m. This will be the first of 
two meets scheduled by the Tritons on their home track. The second 
home meet will be April 18 against San Diego Track and Field Club 
and LaVerne College. 

Tomorrow's meet will be the first real test for UCSD after a spotty 
start. The only real test for the team was the first meet on March 7 
when the Triton thinclads met United States International University 
and University of California Riverside in a triangular affair at Balboa 
Stadiwn. The Tritons suffered a double loss with the final tally 
showing USIU 110 1/ 2, UCR 561/ 2 and UCSD 25. 

The Tritons were outscored but not outclassed in the meet. Bob 
Lemmon continued to add his name to the record book with a new 
mark for the 120-yard high hurdles. He had tied the old mark two 
weeks earlier at San Diego State . 

1970 UCSD Lightweight Varsity Crew 
Valenzue la, and 
Coxswain Gary (Standing, left to right): Jay Barnard, Jon bers Dave Carmichael, Tony Den~is Burman. (Kneeling): 

Scoring points for UCSD against USIU and UCR were Lemmon in 
the high jump and hurdles; Tom Wolfe in the long jwnp; Ricks in the 
pole vault; and King in the mile run. Also, Sorenson in the 440 ; 
Harrison in the 220; and Garfolo in the shot-put and discus. 

Jones, Sleve Siegel, Rich Reineman, Tom Cham- Masters. 

Tritons Row Past Aztecs; USC Next foe 
1970 apparently will be a rebuilding season for the Tritons. After a 

disappointing season last year the Tritons are reorganizing into a solid 
unit with a winning attitude for the future. 

Leading the team will be Coach Andy Skief, a graduate of State 
University in his first year as head track coach at UCSD. Coach Skief 
prediCts a great improvement in the team this year with the help of 
several returning lettermen and a few very good freshman athletes . 

On Saturday morning, March 
14, the Triton varsity lightweight 
and novice crews successfully 
challenged San Diego State 's 
crews on the 2000-meter Mission 
Bay course. In the first race 
UCSD's novice crew, which had 
never rowed in competition 
before, took an early lead which 
they maintained throughout the 
race. The Triton novice crew 
finished half a boat length ahead 
of S.D. State : UCSD 7:19.4, S.D. 
State 7:21.5. 

The workhorse of the team will be senior Tom Wolfe who was voted 
the honor of being UCSD's outstanding athlete last year, and also 
competed in the NAIA National Track Championships in Billings, 
Montana last spring. Tom's events are the l00-yard dash, 440-yard 
relay, long jwnp, and the triple jump. 

Other returning lettermen include Gerry Nierengarten in the 120-
yard high hurdles and ,long jwnp; Ed Avol in the 44o-yard dash, mile, 
and three mile ; and Phil Beaucomb, Joe McCarthy, Bob Lemmon , and 
Joey Harrison. 

Coach Skief feels he has the manpower for a fine team even though 
the depth is limited. The overall s~-o te~.ua~iddJe 
distances and sprints, but Coach Skief sees an overall improvement in 

.... all events as the key to a successful season . 

In the first varsity race the 
Triton lightweight crew pulled 
away from State's li&htweigbts. 
However, the race had to be 
stopped at the 300-meter mark 
because of a broken oarlock OIl 
S.D. State's shen. When the race 
was res tarted the Tri tons 
repeated their performance by 
taking a n early lead which 
lengthened into a full boat length 
of open water at the lOOO-meter 
mark and finished with an even 
greater lead. The times for the 
varsity lightweight race were: 

EVENT ENTRI~ 
440 relay Lemmon. Beauchamp, McCartby, Wolfe 
MBe Rosen, Campbell, King 
120 high hurdles Lemmon, Edmundson, Nlerengarten 
440 yard dash Kutzner, Sorenson, Newel, Warfield, RObinson 
100 yard dash Wolfe, Beauchamp, McCarthy, harrison, Lemmon 
880 Holzinger, Long, Rosen, Robinson, Campbell 
440 into hurdles Kutzner, King 
220 yard dash Beauchamp, Harrison, McCarthy, Wolfe 
2-3 mile King, Avol UCSD 6:52.6, S.D. State 7:02.6. 
Mile relay Sorenson, Warfield, Kutzner, Newel In the third race of the day, 

which was the second race for 
several Triton oarsmen, S.D. 
State's heavyweight team 
defeated the Tritons. The times 
were: UCSD 6:58.1, S.D. State 
Varsity 6:48.4, S.D. State JV 
7:03.6 

High jump Lemmon 
Long jump Wolfe, Nlerengarten 
Shot put Garfolo, Seback 
Javelin Ivy, Garfolo, Seback 
Discus Garfolo, Seback 
Pole vault Ricks, Newel, Nalte 

UCSD Batsmen Slump to 2-10 

Diamond No Gem for Trito'ns 
UCSD's baseball squad sacrificed three straight 

games last week as their season record dropped off 
to 2-10. Saturday the Tritons twice came out on the 
short end of two pitcher's duals as Cal Baptist swept 
past the La Jollans by margins of 1~ and 2-1; and 
Monday USIU rallied from a 6-0 deficit after two 
innings to out-slug the Tritons 11-7. 

Padres Open 1910 Season 
April 1 In S.D. Stadium 
The San Diego Padres will open the 1970 baseball 

season, their second in the National League , on 
Tuesday night, April 7, against the defending N.L. 
Western Division Champion Atlallta Braves, in San 
Diego Stadiwn. 

The Padres are the only team not considered a 
contender in their division. Probably the strongest 
six-team alignment in baseball, their division also 
features the Atlanta Braves, the San Francisco 
Giants, the Los Angeles Dodgers, the Cincinnati 
Reds, and the Houston Astros. But the management 
has set a goal of 70 victories, which could prove to be 
a fine showing for a second year team. 

San Diego's big-league expansion team has made 
several trades in an effort to improve last season 's 
record the most notable of which brought pitcher 
Ron H~rbel, catcher Bob Barton, and infielder Bob 
Etheridge from the Giants. 

Padre hopes for 1970 will rest primarily with AlI-
Star candidates Nate Colbert (first base) and Ollie 
Brown (right field), as well as with a potentially 
great, young pitching staff headed by 21-year-{)ld 
second-season hurlers AI Santor!ni and Clay Kirby . 

In the opener of the doubleheader with Cal 
Baptist, UCSD's Paul Fairman surrendered only 
four hits in suffering the loss to Dick Worth. The 
four hits managed by Cal Baptist included the 
game-winning home run by Rich Quinelli in the 
fourth inning. 

John Weger of UCSD lost the game also on a four· 
hitter. Jack Womack, the winner, allowed the 
Tritons six hits, including a solo homer by John 
Weger in the sixth to account for UCSD's nly tally . 

In Monday's contest with USIU the Tritons 
opened the scoring with three runs in both the first 
and second innings, but fell to the rallying attack of 
the Westerners . 

Bruce Horman of UCSD hit a three-run homer off 
Mike Higgins in the first inning, and Bill Gray 
added a double and two singles for the Tritons, but 
Westerner Higgins hit a double and triple to rally 
his team to a 7-7 tie before leaving the game in favor 
of reliever Scott Lee in the seventh inning. 

Lee pitched three shutout innings to get the vic-
tory and USIU backed biro with four more runs to 
notch their ninth win in 20 games, while UCSD took 
their lOth loss in 12 games. 

With only four players returning from the 1969 
squad, the Tritons have been forced to rely heavily 
on new and ' inexperienced personnel. Numbered 
among the 16 team members are nine freshmen , 
two sophomores, follr juniors and one senior. The 
four returning lettermen are right-fielder Ron 
Bush, pitchers John Weger and Paul Fairman, and 
Captain and infielder Jeff MrCombs. This season 
shapes up as a developmental campaign for the 
next few seasons as coach Vitale has 15 of his 16 
players eligible to return next season. 

After a grueling week of Easter 
workouts, the varsity lightweight 
team traveled to Long Beach to 
compete against three of the best 
teams on the West Coast. UCSD 
pulled ahead and maintained the 
lead throughout most of the race 
but came just three-tenths of a 
second short of a first place 
victory over last year 's Western 
Intercollegiate Sprints cham-

pions, Long Beach State. Triton 
oarsmen defeated San Diego 
State and moved up in the 
rankings by out-stroking Oregon 
State. The times were : CSLB 
6:28.3, UCSD 6:28.6, OSU 6: 28.7, 
SDSC 6:37. 

Tomorrow all of UCSD's crews 
will travel to smoggy Wilmington 
to meet USC's varsity 
heavyweight and freshman 
teams. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
SPRING QUARTER GYM-

NASIUM SCHEDULE-The 
following revised recreation 
hours will be in effect beginning 
Monday, March 30, and continu-
ing through the spring quarter : 
Gym and associated 
facilities-Mon. through Fri. 
from8a.m. to 10:30 p.m. and Sat. 
and Sun. from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. 
Pool hours Mon. through Fri. will 
be from high noon to 2 p.m. with 
special sessions for families of 
students, faculty and staff on Fri. 
evenings from 7:30 to 10:30 p.m. 
and Sat. and Sun. from 9 a.m. to 5 
p.m . ' 

CREATIVE DANCE CLASS 
OFFERED-Creative Dance 
Class offered on Fridays. Class 
limited to the first 20 people who 
sign up in the Physical Education 
Offices. Emphasis will be on 
choreography ... creative move-
ment. .. rhythm ... drama. When 
signing up indicate times avail-
able : 10-12, 1-3 or 2-4. First 
meeting will be on Friday, April 
10. Contact Phys. Ed. Dept., Ext. 
2275 for time. Barbara Day- In-
structor. 

fencers Compete 
In All-Cal Meet 

The UCSD fencing team will be 
making a stab at finishing in the 
top five in the Third Annual All-
Cal Fencing Championships, to 
be held at Santa Cruz today and 
on Saturday and Sunday, April 3 
and 4. 

The competition for the Triton 
(nearly all Freshman) team will 
come from Cal Berkeley, UCLA 
and Santa Barbara. 

Men's Foil - Dick Cheney, 
Mike Jones and Daryl Divinni 

Sabre - Dick Sax, Jim Canole 
and Dick Cheney 

Epee Team - Jim Canole, 
John Helmich, Dink Huber 

The rapidly-improving team 
finished 13th out of 20 schools in 
the Western Intercollegiate 
Fencing Championships held two 
weeks ago ith the Air Force 
Academy first, UCLA second, 
and Berkeley third . 

The team has set the third 
place troph , as their goal, but 
Coach White feels this is a bit 
optimistic as the competition will 
be strong. 

Men ... .faculty, staff and stu-
dents interested in jogging at 
noon .. . come to the gym for 
fifteen minutes of exercise 
followed by fifteen minutes of 
jogging. The exercise-jogging 
period will start gradually and 
build up to a more vigorous type 
of conditioning period. Meet at 
noon on field adjacent to 
swimming pool. Further infor-
mation . .. contact Russ Hat-
ch-Ext. 2282, 2275. 

NAM Volleyball 
Toumey At UCSD 

The second annual NAIA 
District III Volleyball Tour-
nament will be held at the 
University of California, San 
Diego gymnasium on Saturday, 
April 25 at 10:30 a.m. No ad-
mission charge. 

The tournament will be double 
elimination, with trophies 
presented immediately following 
the last game , to the first and 
second place teams and the 
outstanding tournament player. 
Coaches will make up the com-
mittee that selects the tour-
nament all-star team and out· 
standing player . Last year, 
UCSD's Kerry Klosterman and 
Dick Reitherman were selected 
for the 1969 All-Tournament 
Volleyball Team. 

UCSD, Whittier, Claremont-
Mudd and .USIU are among the 
schools participating in this 
tournament. 

Coach Chuck Millenbah of 
UCSD is very optimistic about 
the Triton team this year . Ac-
cording to Millenbah "we should 
win the tournament if the Tritons 
playas they are capable. We 
should receive strong opposition 
from Whittier and USIU." 

The winner of this tournament 
and possibly the second place 
team will have an opporturity to 
participate in th second annual 
NAIA National Invitational 
\'vJjl:yL .. ll lUW IIc11H ilL .v ~ 
hosted by UCSD on Wednesday 
and Thursday, April 29 and 30. 
George Williams Collegt: of 
Illinois and UCSD are two 
college which have been 
selected as finalists in this 
tournament. 

Triton Tines April 3, 1910 Pigi 15 



tonight 

Friday Night at the Movies: presented by 
the Assoc iated Students . " Quo Vadis " and 
cartoons . Fr iday , Apr il 3, 7: 30 p .m . 
USB2722 SOc . 

Ph illip Rehfeldt , clarinetist from 
" University of Redlands, will appear in 

recital at 8: 30 p .m . in the Recital Hall , 409 
Me. The program includes works for clar i 
net and piano by Mart ino , Bor ishansky , 
Rochberg and Ch ilds. 

Environmental Awareness Seminar Ser· 
ies: Resource Conservation-Dr . John 
Isaacs, Professor , Oceanography , Mar ine 
Life Research Group , S10 . 7 p.m . HL·Aud . 

Fre~ and open to publ ic . 

monday 

thunday . 

Summernoon Series will offer a Nationa l The Southern Californ ia Chapter of Alpha 
Geograph ic film , ' Grand Canyon Expedi Epsilon Delta International Premed ical 
tion: in Sumner Aud i tor ium . 510, at 12 Honorary Society announces lis fourth 
noon . I annual premedical conference to be held 

on Saturday , April 4, at the University of 
Southern California School of Med icine. 

" The cage": presented by the Assoc ia ted All interested premedical students are 
Students . 8:30 p .m . Sherwood Ha ll (f ree Invited to attend the day 's activities 
bus from campus available) Adm ission beginning at 9 a.m . with a tour of the 

Muir Cinema : II Posto . Oln i and Castro 51. students. medical school and the USC County Gen · 
Street . Ba i ll ie 7 30 p .m . USB2722 Free . ral Hospital. Students w ill meet with 

Professor ' s Inaugural Lecture : Louis medical phYS ici ans who will g ive presen . 
GlUCk, "Lipids, Lungs and Life" 4 : 15 p.m . tation~ in the ir med ical spec ialt ies . 

SDS wi ll sponsor a panel d iscuss ion on the HL.Aud . Free and open to publ ic . A luncheon w i ll be held from noon to one in 
poss ibili ty of US . involvement in more 

The Young Soc ialist Alliance and the wars li ke V iet Nam . Speakers w i ll include 'he Seaver cafeteria. .A.n afternoon Philosophy Colloquium : Dr . Y irmiahu 
Soc ialist Workers Party Committee is qraduate students from Asia and Lat in Yovel , " Israel and the Left" 8 p .m . HL . 
sponsor ing a meeting on the postal str i ke Amer ica , and a returned GI. The panel 
at 7 30 p.m . in USB 2622, The speakers Aud . Free and open to publ ic . 

'neeting beginning at 1 p.m . will feature 
adm issions representat i ves from the 
UniverSity of Californ ia at Irv ine, Un iver 
sity of California at Los Angeles , 
Univers ity of California at San Diego and 
University of Southern Cal i fornia School 
of Medicine speaking on "Wha t Med ica l 
Schools Look for in Applicants." Valuable 
literature on medical school adm issions 
will also be available . 

Include Oscar Coover , ve eran trade 
un ion ist and member of SWP nat iona l 
comm i tee, and Dave Frankel , SWP 
cand idate for l ieutenant governor of Ca li 
forn ia . 

saturday 

SDS Regional Conference w i ll be held at 
UC Irv ine in the F ine Arts Bu ild ing . Sign 
up for a ride a the SDS table in Revelle 
Plaza or call Kathy at 453 1711. 

w. II meet at 7 ' 30 pm . in 2A 2113 . 

There w i ll be a career sem inar for those 
students interested in d iscussing career 
opportun i ties in Economic Research at 
3 30 p.m . in HL 1154. 

tuesday 

Salk Seminar : Film " Journey into Self" 
Noon. Sal k east conference room . 

Literature Colloquium : Prof . Egon Sch · 

clubs 
UCSD Internationat Folk Dancing Club 
w ill hold advanced classes from 8 to 10 :30 
p.m . on Tuesday and beginning and inter · 
mediate classes from 8 to 12 p .m . on 
Frida y in the " Pump House Annex " MC . 
For more informat ion call Jim at ext. 2644. 

announcements 

Agenda : 
10 a .m .· 12 noon Ecology 
12 noon 1 p.m . Lunch 

warz, "Hermann Hesse , The Amer ican R-epresentatlves interviewing at the 
Youth Movement and Prob lems of Career· Education Planning Center, 250 
Literary Eva luation " USB3020. MC ' 

1 p .m . · 3 p.m . Ant i.War Movement 
3 p .m . · 4 p.m . Political Defense 
4 p .m . 5 p.m . Summer Work · ln wednesday 

Planning Research Corporation : April 3, 
,See k i ng computer scientists, systems 
lanalysts, and economists. 

Muir Commons Open House : Food , Wednesday Ni ght at the Movies : Thunderbird Graduate School of Inter· 
Danc ing , Fi lms, fun for all ! Saturday, presented by the Assoc iated Students . national Management : Apr il 6, descr ibing 
Apr i l 4, 8 p.m . Free and open to all. " Beaver Valley " 9 p .m . ASUCSD Coffee their programs in internat ional manage · 

Hut. Free . 

COFFEE HUT 
ENTERTAINMENT 

PHELPS AND MARTEL 

plus 

DAVE AND GENE (FRI.) 

TOMMY TRITON (SAT.) 

SPECIAL FILM SAT. AT 9 

WATCH FOR 
'THE CAGE' 

_ ... #1' 

Page 16 Triton Times April 3, 1970 

ment. 

Federal Career Day : Apr il 7, career op · 
portun ities with the Federal Government 
sexp la ined. 

College Life Insurance: April 7, descr ibing 
opportunities in insurance, f ield sales . 

Los Angeles Co'unty Probation Depart· 
ment : April 8, seeking Probation Off icer 
Trainees . 

Continental Dev ice: April 9, seeking elec · 
tr ical eng ineers , physicists, and chemists 
at the Bachelor's and Master's Degree 
level. 

Mutual of New York : April 9, Sales 
Management Trainee program and Field 
Underwriter Trainee programs . 

The May Company, Department Store : 
April 10, management tra ining programs 
for buy ing, merchandising, and con · 
trolling. 

Upjohn Company : Apr i l 10, careers in 
pharmaceut ical sales . 

The Armed Serv i ces YMCA needs talent! 
Can you help? If you can sing, dance, play 
an instrument , or have any kind of enter · 
taining act, the " Y " needs you . Cootact 
Miss Allen or Mr . Hovey at the Armed 
Serv ices " Y" Program Department. 232· 
1133. 

Women's Liberation Front meets every 
Sunday in the Upper Blake Hall Lounge al 
2 pm New discuss ion groups are form ing . 
For more inform tion call Ilene 7534281. 
Margaret 755 4470 or Penny in the AS of · 
f ice Sinq up at our tabie .n Revelle Plaza . 

Sfudents interested in start ing a local 
campa ign for Congressman George Brown 
for U S. Senate should call Frank Ben 
Capr io at 488 2304 or Nick Johnson at 276 
4216 

Registration beg ins at 8:30 a .m . in the 
lobby of Seaver Dorm itory on the medical 
campus at 1969 Zonal Avenue . A registra · 
tion fee of 52.50 will include lunCh . Please 
call and make reservat ions : 749·4685 or 
:!83.4074. 

Interested in a new and innovative 
program? UCLA announces a Master 's 
Degree in t ' ,e special field of Arts Ad· 
ministration. For more in formation write 
Arts Administration Program , Room 

' 4250M Graduate School of Business Ad · 
ministrat ion, UCLA, Los Angeles, Calif., 
90024, or call (213) 825·2014. 

classifieds 

Attractive gkl wanted with somf3 
dance background to teach ball-
room -will train, call 274-9043. 
Micheal Fitzerald. 7177 Grand 
Ave .,Pacific Beach. 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, 
BERKLEY CAMPUS: unique lec-
ture notes. Hundreds of courses. 
Taken directly in class by pro-
fessionals from world- famous 
teachers. $1-$4. Send for latest 
free catalog. FYBA TE LECTURE 
NOTES, Dept. 52, 2440 Bancroft 
Way, Berkley, Calif. 94704. 

Typing service : UC experienced . Tech-
nical typing, theses, manuscripts. IBM 
electr ic. Trudv Robideau , M ission Beach 
488·0783 . 

Typing wanted . Prompt. perfect service. 
Pick·up and Deliverv . 239·0896. 24 hours. 
leave message . 

I C"medy Writers wanted : night club comic wants new material. Call Denn is at 423. 
7047. 

College Students Onl y 
Europe- Spain, Greece, Turkev , Rome, 
etc . California Student Tours (213) 478. 
6~~9, (213) 469·6875. 

'loS VW SQUAREBACI< : dark green, good 
condition, clean . 5945. 877 Coast Blvd ., 
South, La Jolla 454·4607. 

THE GREATEST TRIP OF ALL : 
EUROPE I 
7 fantast.c weeks to London. Am sterdam, 
Pans, Switz rland , Spain, Rome. Greece 
lind Turkey. California Student Tours, Inc . 
Fly TlA (714) 453.1041. 

PLANETARY VIBRATIONS 
for tbe week of: 

APRIL 3· APRIL 9, 19'70 
by ORACLE 

ARIES: 
March Z1 • Aprtl19 

RIGHT ON if you think what is 
bothering you may be financial. 
Hold fast and avoid impulsive 
buying or selling. Harmony with 
Pisces will bring artistic warmth 
this week, 

'd TAURUS: April 20 • May ZO 
MOVE for peace. Make this a 
winning week with your charm. 
Neutralize conflicting persons 
with damaged egos. Come to-
gether. 

GEMINI: 
May 21 • June 21 

A WAIT the right time. Spin your 
mind and know it lies right 
ahead. You may then act with a 
wise head and clear heart. 

CANCER: 
June 22 - ~uly 22 

ROMANCE and home are high. 
Ask for help and you are liable to 
get too much of it. Dissolve en-
tanglements and enjoy prospects 
of the warm and comfortable 
future. 

LEO: 
July 23 - Aug. 22 

PONDER the desire to have your 
way with those near to you. Give 
loved ones their own mind, and 
embrace the freedom between 
you. 

vmGO: 
Aug. 23 - Sept. 22 

PLUTO, planet of progress , 
travels to and fro through your 
sign, pointing to changes and 
fluctuating ideas in your search 
for enllghterunent. Shed the old 
and re-evaluate the new in 
technology, arts and music. 

--1\.- LmRA: 
Sept. 23 - Oct. 22 

STABILIZE mutual economic 
interests. Uranus, the awakener, 
still retrogrades in your sign, 
initiating subtle psychic changes 
and enhancing your magnani-
mous nature . 

SCORPIO: 
Oct. 23 - Nov. 21 

EXPLORE oppositions with 
Taurus and friendly competitors 
this week. Your cool insight will 
soon make everything shine when 
the New Moon Sunday ushers in 
new ideas .and expanding 
horizons. 

SAGITI' ARIUS: 
Nov. 22 - Qec. 21 

ILLUSIONS about how much you 
can handle this week may warn 
you to not overdo yourself. 
Romance is quickly approaching, 
and may come from outside your 
usual envirorunent. 

CAPRICORN: 
Dec. 22 - Jan. 19 

SOBER outlooks can be enhanced 
with a demonstration of warm 
and affectionate feelings . Do not 
be disillusioned or depressed by a 
romantic setback. 

AQUARIUS: 
Jan. 20 - Feb. 18 

CHANGES that may be hard to 
accept must be made with an eye 
to the future. Home, personality, 
modes of living, and basic ideas 
are all in for a dramatic turn, 
which will affect your future very 
fortunately. 

PISCES: 
Feb. 19 - March 2C 

PREP ARE for tomorrow '~ 
needs. Save your bread and bend 
your mind toward a successful 
outpouring of your creative and 
positive attributes . 


