
trito:n till1es 
Volume., I ... e I Unive;aity of Celifornie, Sen Dieeo .. A,ril 21, 1170 

EngUsh soldiers and firemen get together in a futtle battle agaiJ!st a March 1967 TORREY CANYON oU sUck. 

Ecologists Attempt to Do Life Right 
WASHINGTON - (CPS) - Many environment 

groups in this country are not only interested in 
moving towards the solutions to pollution, but 
they're moving towards "doing life right." They 
realize that the crises caused by pollutions are 
"natural backlash" and provide concrete evidence 
f the breakdown of our ecological consciousness. 
To put it simply, people are looking for an 

ecologically sound way of life because they want to 
start living that way now. 

This ecologically sound way of life means not only 
that we live, managing and caring for the things 
around us, but more generally, we live knowing 
with intelligence-love that all things are in-
terdependent, and live in reverence for this ever-
changing interdependency. 

A certain spirituality rises up from living 
ecologically; when you live-as-nature, with no man-
nature, mind-body separation. Sometimes this 
spirituality rises up into words, and we've seen 
lightning glimpses of this spirit of nature in the 
wri tings of close-to-earth people: Gary Snyder, 
Aldo Leopold, John Muir, Henry David Thoreau, 
Alan Watts, and Walt Whitman, among others. 

Human ecology is a total way of looking at life. It 
not only gives insights into sound economic 
systems, community organizing, moral science, 
architecture and space arrangement, but it floats us 
into a refreshing spiritual stream-{)f-things that is 
not at all separate from any other of these areas. 
Ecology is far past specialism - it's a way of 
looking at the relations of wholes. In the earth 
household, every room is the living room, and 
together they make up the larger living room. The 
human ecologist stems up from a complex of 
roots - in feeling the natural language, he becomes 
multilingual. 

Some have seen that many of the primitives and 

mystics are into the right life-things more than our 
culture has given them recognition for. 

Snyder points out in Four Changes that: 
"It seems evident that there are throughout the world 

certain social and religiouS forces that have worked 
throughout history toward an ecologicallyl culturally 
enlightened state of affairs . Let these be en. 
couraged ... all primitive cultures, all . communal and 
ash ram movements of all persuasions, etc . .• It would be 
best to consider this a continuing 'revolution of con. 
sciou.sness' which will be won not by guns but by seiz ing the 
key . Images. ~yths, archetypes, eschatologies, and ec. 
stasles so that hfe won't seem worth living unless one 's on 
the transform ing energy 's side." 

In " Theology, History of Religions and the 
Ecological Crisis," Larry Shiner points out : 

" In reflecting on celebration and creativity, theo logy w i ll 
not simply be trying to rev ive and enhance a range of ex· 
per iences now atrophied . .. We cannot shed our acute 
selfconsc lousness but we can reduce its rationalistic 
acid ity . We can learn to value play above work. we can 
learn to sing and dance with li fe abandon: And in the 
process w e will learn to cher ish and cooperate w ith 
nature ... 

In a festival of life and earth, the celebrating 
dancing, chanting, and singing that you do spon: 
taneously-inherently grows up from the very 
breathing, moving, waking, and eating that you do. 
Energy is so intense that play and work become the 
same thing, communion happens , and the energy 
keeps on flowing. There is not waste of energy in the 
presence of play. 

Our work with the environment must be done with 
the same feeling the primitive gatherer has had at 
harvest time : 

Knowing that you can 't have a winter or a har-
vest festival without first gathering and harvesting 
those plants which are now ripe, you work with 
great enthusiasm, managing the very best you can. 
When ~e harvesting is over, you celebrate your 
work. DIg : you work with enthusiasm so that you 
may play. DIg : You play with intensity, celebrating 
your work. It's a time of fullness. 

~ 
Students Seek Opel Trial I 

... .....ucb 
P'eat.re IWJtor 

Five of six UCSD students facing several char ges for last Mon- ' 
day's dis turbance in the Contracts and Grants Office have asked for 
an open trial before the Committee on Student Conduct next Wednes-
day. The sixth student, and another who is on one year's probation 
from last year' s Marine recruiting incident in which eight students 
were placed on probation, have asked for an administrative hearing 
before Dean of Student Affairs George Murphy this week. The stu-
dent on probation is facing charges s te mming from incidents dur ing 
the Naval Electronics Laborator y r ecr uitment several weeks ago. 

Two· non-students who were also involved in Monday' s contract 
seizure have been served notice barring them trom the campus for 
14 days. 

The charges s tem from last Monday when, in the wake of a dis-
rupted ecology convocation, 15 poeple enter ed the Contr acts and 
Grants Office on Matthews and an unidentified person took a file 
containing contracts of an unclassified type. Apparently leader less 
according to Observers , the group fo r med afte r SDS leader Byro~ 
King at the convocation asked for protest against rec ruitment. 
The six students who re mained after Murphy requested the group 
to leave are now facing the charges. The two non- students who also 
remained after cannot be charged under univer sity rules, according 
to Dean Murphy. 

Four of the five students electing an open hearing before the con-
duct committee will be charged with obstruction and dis ruption of 
administrative and research procedur es , physical abuse of university-
controlled property, and failure to comply with directions of uni-
vers ity officials. A fifth student will be charged with the theft 0 
university property. The names will be withheld, according to Dean 
Murphy, pending the establishment of guilt at the hearing. 

Those charged have asked for an open hearing in the Revelle 
cafeteria next Wednesday, pending approval of the Committee on 
student Conduct, made up of four faculty member s, one graduate 
student and three undergraduate students. The committee, 'says 
Dean Murphy, is to establish guilt. The committee 's decision will 
then be forwarded to the chancellor fo r final action. Those charged 
can appeal to the chancellor , according to university guides. 

"Lord, what fools these mortals be" and other Immortal lines will bo~ 
heard in 269 MC starting Friday, as the Drama Dept. presents Shake-
speare's "Midsummer Night's Dream" and then Bernard Brecht' s 
"Chalk Circle" on alternating evenings at 8 p.m. 

Revised A S Constitution 
Up for Student Approval CONSTITUTION YOTE TODAY 

Owen Joyner 
Staff Writer 

The new revised AS constitution is up for student approval 'today and 
tomorrow in a special referendum . According to its drafters , the 
major change featured in this new charter is a commissioner system 
to replace the present Senate. 

If approved the commissioners would be elected to serve specific AS 
functions and to be personally responsible for maintaining and 
initiating programs in their respective areas. The present constitution 
provides for a system of senators who represent the various colleges 
and Upper and Lower Divisions without specific job responsibilities. 

The elected positions under the new constitlltion would be : 
Community Affairs Commissioner 
Academic Affairs Commissioner 
Student Welfare Commiss ioner 
External Affairs Commissioner 
Program Board Chairman 
Public Relat ions Director 

The present AS council has strong hopes that the new consttution 
will help to alleviate some of the problems currently plaguing student 
government. Opposition to the new charter on the council reportedly 
remains slim. Most critics appear dissatisfied not so much with the 
new consttution itself but rather its being put up for approval so 
hurriedly, leaving little time for thorough consideration . 

AS President Jeff Benjamin counters that although he regrets the 
rush, he feels "it is extremely urgent to prevent another year of the 
disorganized and ineffectual student government that is inh rent in a 
system whose Senators, in effect, don't represent anyne." 

All registered students are eligible to vote on the constitution and 
ballot boxes will . be situated in front of USB 2722 and at the Muir 
Commons. A two-thirds majority vote is necessary for approval . r McGlll rectlves a ftIIIl .eroU oIappreclatlon from the faculty at a formal ball 

~ 



" Fucking incredible" fellatio 
to the rhythm of the Jefferson 
Airplane. Masochism, homo-
sexuality, nymphomania, all 
pages on film of a mind, a life, 
coming apart. 

iI 
" Your genes are so screwed up 

that if I knocked you up we would 
probably have a giraffe," says 
Joe. " Coming Apart" is a giraffe, 
but a very frightening giraffe. If 
you can 't find a part of xourself in 
"Coming Apart," you just left the 
sanctuary. If you're afraid to 
face yourself, don 't see the film . 

Remember, Rip Torn, Sally 
Kirkland, Viveca lindfors, and 
others are all "alive" and sick at 
the Academy Theater. This film 
may close Thursday night , so if 
you can, try and see it. 

iI: 
r 
I 

MEllO CEllO 
Larry Johnson 

Arts Writer 
Always worth attending, the San Diego 

Symphony's most recent performance was 
especially attractive. Leading off the 
program was the prelude to act III of 
Wagner 's "Lohengrin ." That's the part 
with the majestic wedding march, and the 

. orchestra did it justice. Just before the 
intermission Haydn 's " Farewell Sym-
phony" was performed in the grand 
manner , with the players - eventually 
!!lien the conductor - leaving the stage as 
their parts were completed. Both poignant 
and merry, the spirit of this delightful 
piece was well captured by the musicians, 
displaying technical finesse as well as 

insight. Rather less successful was 
Shubert's "Unfinished Symphony." It 
seemed flat in it's interpr'etation, with 
sluggish tempo and dull relief. 

Cellist Milos Sadlo, a skilled performer 
of great musical intensity rounded out the 
program with the Dvorak " Concerto for ' 
Cello and Orchestra in B Minor ." Or-
dinarily the Cello is unable to be a leading 
instrument, being drowned out by the 
orchestra . In this case, the full weight of 
the orchestra was reserved for the 
climaxes, leaving the mello cello to play 
with the woodwinds . Sadlo was a reflection 
of the talents of Pablo Cassals, his eminent 
instructor. 

Possibilities 
summernoon 

The SID Summernoon Series begins this 
Thursday at noon in Swnner Auditorium . 
Fea tured in this inaugural concert will be 
the UCSO Madrigal Singers. The Singers 
are conducted by Dr . Michael Mullin. The 
concert will include songs by Oi Lasso, 
Marenzio, Gesualdo, Wilbye, Morley and 
Hindemith. 

cln,ma 

The AS Friday nil!ht movie this week is 
one of Alfred Hitchcock's very best, 
"North by Northwest" (1959) with Cary 
Grant. It is ft tudy of the nervous system 
under pres!'ure , a mixture of chilling 
suspense an j nervous laughter . The story 
is of an admm (Cary Grant ) mistaken for 
a dangerous U.S. agent and kidnapped. He 
runs from <I murderous band of interna-
tional spies headed by James Mason while 
a beautiful blonde (Eva Marie Saint) 
sometimes l.elps him but more often tries 
to polish hin} off. Hitchcock 's . love of 
planting the.g~otesque in a commonplace 
setting is evident in superb scenes such as 
the chase atop Mount Rushmore and 
Grant's strafing by a crop~usting plane in 
an illinois cornfield. 

Sunday night the Muir Cinema Series 
will present "Simon of the Desert" (1965), 
a 45-minute film (with subtitles) by the 
great Spanish director Luis Bunuel. It is 
based on the story of a saint who withdrew 
from the world and enthroned himself atop 
a 3O-foot pillar in the midst of a barren 
Mexican desert to repent and meditate. 

From his tower , he dispenses niiracles and 
blessings and fights off Satan as skeptical 
well-wishers and curiosity seekers parade 
by. There are some typically Bunuel 
surrealistic touches and a good deal of 
scathing comment, for "Simon of the 
Desert" is probably the sharpest and 
wittiest of the director 's savage insights on 
hwnans and his ferocious forays against 
religiosity. 

unicorn 
Opening at the Unicorn this Wednesday 

are two British films of unusual interest. 
The better known of the pair, " Becket," 
features the talents of Peter O'Toole and 
Richard Burton. This presents a classic 
confrontation. The second feature is "Up 
the Junction , II an interesting film starring I 
Suzy Kendall and Dennis Waterman. The 
show times are 7:30 and 9:35 respectively. 
The program will continue through the 
weekend till Tuesday. Tickets are 
available at the Urey Hall Box Office . 

on campus 
Things are starting to move in the 

campus drama department. " AbralCas" 
continues its run at the Anomaly Factory, 
on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights, 
and the Repertory company will open its 
program of " A Midsummer Night 's 
Dream," and "The Caucasian Chalk 
Circle" this Friday evening in Bldg. 269 
MC which is opposite 250 MC, the Student 
Activities Office. Tickets for both com-
panies are available at the Campus Box 
Office in Urey Hall. Call 453-6151 or ext. 
1391 for ticket information. 

Page 2 T iton Times April 28, 1910 

ASUCSD CONSTITUT N GOES TO THE VOTERS 
(!dUor' . MoU: Tbh rui •• d verdon of t he AS Conatl t ution 1910 1e 

a pproval today a nd t'*'Ouow by all UCSD uftderlnduat.. . VOttna vBl taka 
be t " .. " )0 •.•• and' p . • . i n hont cr USB 2722. at Huie C~IlI , and al 
Office (250 He). 

(The .. jor c.hana" .inee the con.tUu tlon va. fLut publhhed tvo e,o 
are ( U add ition of t wo c:o_hdoneu to t he four already propo.ed (t." Pf1Cr .. 
board c:h.airaan and publtc rdetione direclcr). (2) eU.ination of the 4 apJlCflted 
cC*dul.oneu who vould have be n voUnS ~be ... , (l) i.proved ... n. for e'taab -
H.hiRa nev Counell lut. (by pa: ... nr1ng • petition with 10% of the unduar-du-
etu' rtaael to the Council). and (4) tt.!o& the election. 10 thlt , .... ,. at the 

we , the students of the San Diego Campus of t he UniverSity of California. In order to 
provide for the prtJOOUon, .. Inte nance and r~u1atfon of such utters as are delegated by 
thetll to the student goYerr'llltnt, do ordain and establish this constitutfon. 

Section A. 

Section 8. 

Section A. 

Section Jl. 

Section C. 

Sectton O. 

Section E. 

Section r. 

Section G. 

Section H. 

Sectio n r. 

Section J. 

Section ro, 

Section L. 

Sec tfon M. 

SKtfon " 

AITKlE , 
Name : 

1. The name of t hts org.nization snail be t he Associa ted Student s of the 
Univ.rsity of California .t Sa n Diego. her.inafter called the ASUCSD. 

~ershfp : 

l. Any person duly regfster ed as an undergraduate student in the University 
of California at San Dfego sha11 be a Yo t ing lI1eIIIbe:r of the ASltSD. 

AITJClE H ASSOCIA liD SJUDfNJS COIIICI 
Student legislative author ity shall be Yested In the ASOCSD Coundl. 

The ASIXSD Council which shall serve untl1 remoyed shall cons ist of under· 
grlld uate members, a.cinintstrative and faeuHy Advfsors . and such ex-officio 
non- voting metnbers as the Council shall direct. 

The undergraduate I'lembers of the Council shal l constst of : 

1. 

2. 

Ont! Council rnerber selec ted from each of the twelve co lleges . Each 
metllber thus selected shall represent the interests of hts college and 
act as l1ason between nis col lege government and the ASUCSO. The 
method of select ion shall be dete nn1ned by t ht! individual college. 

One Cou nci l rnenoer elected It large to each of the followi ng positions: 

•. CQnflltss10ner of CQrITluni ty Service 
b . COf'II'Itsstoner of /\cademfc Affairs 

c. Ccnntssloner of Student Welfare 

d. CQ'IIIIiss ioner of External Affairs 
e. Program Board Chairman 

f. Publfc. Relations Director 

The Advis'Clr5. who shall have all the pr1vi1tges ex.tended to Counen meI"bers 
except that of yoting, shall be selected 15 follows: 

1. One Advisor fro'll the UCSD Off ice of Studen t Affairs shall be selectf'd by 
that office. 

2. One Advisor frOM the San Diego Division of the Academic Senate shall be 
selected by that body. 

3. Any additional Adyisors as the Council deems necessary . 

Establisment of new council seats. 

1. The Council must, upon receipt by the Coul'lcl1 of a petitton to ttllt effect 
signed by lOS of the Memers of the ASUCSO or upon paSSige by two thirds 
(2/3) of a Cou ncil resolution, at any time establish addition.l pe~nent 
voting council seats. 

i!I. Such seats to be filled by • general elect ion to be held w1thin twelve 
(12) acad.",ic d.ys. 

2. The Council may at C1ny time establish additional permanent and tenporary 
non~voting Cou ncil seats by a simple majority of Council !!'!bers. 

The Council stla 11 be presided oyer by the ASLCSO Vice-Pres 1dent, who shall 
vote only in case of a tie. 

The Council sha11 .sseri:lle at the request or its presiding officer or one.thlrd 
(1/3) of the Coun.cil ........,.rs. 
A simple majority of the voting Council I' ers shdll constItu te II quorum. 
1. Each Council member shall haye only one vote. 

Z. A Council meri:ler mus t be present 1n order to vote. 

3. legislatfon shall be passed by a si~le Nljority of Counc.1l members votfnq. 
Robert's Rules of.Order. Revised, shall be the offictal authority on Parliafllf!ntary 
procedure. subord,nate to the Qroyfslons of the Cons titution and its Byl.ws. 
The opetatlon of the Councll shall be governed by its 8ylallls. 

The Councl1 shall elect frQr'l among the Council flIf!I1I:lers a president pro t~re 
who shall encute the vtce·Presldent·s Council duties in his Ibsence. • 

The ASUCSD Council shall hiVe the power to: 

I. ~~~~~se and direct the COnduct , affairs, po1ic1es. and prooerties of the 

2. ~~::~e~:~er student offices, and approve any appointllents Made by the 

J . Remove.oY official .ppointod by the ASUCSO. (including it, own appointed 
.....me .. ) upon fal1uro Of the offici.l to fulfi 11 the r.sponsibllities of his 
office. 

4. Manage the finances of the ASUCSO for the MiJ;1ntenance of the affairs .00 
property of the ASUCSO. 

5. Sponsor and suppor t student organizations . 

6. Override, by two-thirds (213) II1ajority vote, the veto of the ASUCSO President. 
1. Jmplement the provisions of this Cons t itution by lI1einS of appropriate rules 

and regUlations. 

8. AS5.urr,e such ack:l1tlonal l uthorlty as NY be necessary for the welfare and 
efficf.ncy of the ASUCSO. 

Referendllll procedures shall be as fo11ows: 

I. Upo n presentation to the ASOCSO President of a petition Signed by five 
per cent (5%) of the lIlCmt:ers of the ASUCSO. or upon a bfo-thirds affi"""the 
yote of t he Council for th.t purpose , ilny act of the ASUCSD Counctl, 
except actions taken on budgets. appropr iations, and/or expenditures of 
funds . must be s ubmit ted to a vote of the lIembers of the ASUCSO. 

2. Any act on budgets. appropriations. and/or expenditures (unless ell 
the involved funds haye already been spent) by the couIlcn must be 
subml tted to a vo te of the I'!eI"nbe r s of the ASUCSD upon prese nta t io n to 
!~\~;e=~~s O~f\~:tl~~o~o that effec l slDned by ten percent (101) 

3 . .such petitlor.s lI1ust be presented within twelve (12) ecadetiic days of 
t~e passage, defeat. or postponeme nt of th e Counefl act . 

• . ~~e'~~~:~~e:~y shall be defined to be any diY durIng whIch duses 
4. The Pre!Jident shall then place the quesllon before the ASUCSD at an eltctlon , 

e1t~er general or spechl , wi th in eighteen (18) .cadMlc dayS of the 
presentation of t~e petttion. 

5. During the Interval between the presentation 01 the petition end the 
~~~~!i~~~l~h~e:~! . Shall be suspended a nd "1 ass ocia ted expenditures of 

6 . Concurrence of II ~hnple Njorlty of thos e ASUCSO Ilembers voUng shall be 
necessary to nul Iffy the Councfl .etlon. 

7. Such a Council a ction, If rnersed 1n a referedl.J!l, may not be re s ubllitted 
to the Council sooner th.n two quarters . fter the referendum. 

The Council sh.lI be al10wed to recess for the SW'Il'Ier qua,.ter . 

con..ti t utlon CC*e' two ,",ult. b.rOTt!I t he actual votll1l for Council. .. ben and AS 
offlcan. -

(1\Io-thLrd. of tho .. votin l durinl the two day. Wit af)provi the c:onltltu-
tion before it eln &0 in t o efrect. In t he. pa.t,con.tltutlona have p ... ed over--
whelrl1ng1y both in 1964 (by 89%) and Ln 1966 (by 181). 

Of the coa ltitution p ..... " •• pect,d. there w111 he 8 AS offie .. opn t01: 
c.andldnu rlMI [he wlL"le ea",pu. . Petltioal will b. nan,ble Friday (Of ell Ln-
tere.ted , and w111 require 165 .tlnftturell and at Ittawt a 2.0 ar.dll 1"",1"1: •• lI.t -
8S8 for prerequleJtl • . Kay 13-15 h tbe t! oJ al1oLlo!d for the elelltun. which 
w111 coincldll with the electiontl {orHuir Councll and levelle Ca-ittee on Cal-
hie Affdr •. ) 

Alncu "' ASSOCIA JB) STIIIIfNTS PlfSIDfIlT AND VJCf-flfSaNT 

Section A. lhe ASUCSO President sholl: 

1. Be elee-tld at 1arg~ and shall serve until re'*'Jved . 
z. Se rve as the offichl r e.:>rese nta t1Ye of the ASUCSO. 

3. Have the respons ibility of carrying out the provisions of the Councl1 acts. 

• . Submit to the Counc i l ·a yearly budget in t~ Spring Quarter. 
S, Delegate hh authorfty in specff1c areu to the Council lIt!IOOer s. 

6. Serve as an ex-offfdo. non-yot1ng mente r of all egenctes and organizations 
of th e A~SD. 

7. Heve the power of Hefti Yeto on all appropriations passed by the Councfl 
and have the p<)W@r of COfll)Qn yeto on all other leg1slation. 
a. All Il!43ishtton not vetoed within slit acadeMiC days of punge by 

the Council s hall take effect. 

S. herdse such ot her powers as may be necessary for th~ efficient 
perfonnance of tds duties. subject t o the final authority of the Council. 

9. 8e an ex~off l c10 member of the Counc l1. lacking only the voting privflege. 

Section B. The ASUCSO Vice-President shall: 

Sectlon C. 

1. Be elected at large and shall sene until remoyed. 

2. Perform t he duties and exercise the powers of tne President in the eyent 
of the President's absence or temporary disabl1ity. 

3. Assist the President in the execution of the President's dutles. 

4. Perform all other duttes as shall be assigned 111", by the Cound l. 

5. Call and preside at meetinqs of the Council. 

6. Call and preside at !neetings of the Council's Finance ~fttee. 
7. ,ASSI.J'ne the office of President for the rtHinder of the term In the event 

of the President's res1gn4tlon or removal from office. 

I r the event of the temporary absence or di Sibil I ty of both the Pres I dent and 
Vlce-Presfdent, th e president pro tempore of the Council shall usume the 
duties and powers of the President until the return of either the President 
or Vice-PreSident t o duty. 

1. In the event of the resIgnatIon or reMOval from office of the President, 
If there 15 no VIce~Presldent to aSSl.f'1e his office, an election shan be 
held within twenty acadelllic days of the President '5 deplrture frail office 
for the purpose of electing a new PresIdent, who shall serve for the test 
of the ten'll. If the President's departure occurs less than sixty days 
before the annual election then the office of President shall be filled 
by the president pro tet!lPOre of the Council until the end of the term. 

ARTIClE IV JUDICIAl lUNCH 
section A. Student judicial authority shall be vested jointly fn the colleges and the 

ASUCSD as warranted by the needs of the student body and subject t.o juris-
dictional claims. 

ARTICU V fUCTJOHS 
Sectlon A. lhe control of all ASUCSD elections shall rest wIth the ASUCSD President. 

and SuCh Carmissioners as the Counei 1 shall appoint. 

1. The procedure for thl! conduct of elections and rehte<l actlvl ties shall 
be provided in the Council Bylaws. 

Z. One general calt1)us wide election shall be held each year during the Spring 
QtJarter. 

3 , 140 student shall hold any of the offices designated in thts Constitution 
who sha J 1 not have at ltl5t an overall 2.0 grade pol nt average. """0 sha 11 
not be eligible to hold the posi tion for Hs entire tem . 

4. No student shall run for IrIQre than one tleetiye office during anyone 
election. 

S. All regularly elected ASOCSD officials shall tak.e office six academic 
days after the general election and shall serve until re:noved frlJ'l that 
office. 

6. All appoInted offlchls sha ll take office lIihen the Council approvf>S their 
appointMent, and shall serve until replaced. 

a. All appointment s shall be "eviewed for termInation or reappointment 
at least yearly by the newly elected President. 

Section B. Any office of the ASUCSO '"'Y be subject to recall ~ by presentation to the 
Council of a petition to th.t effec t signed by It least ten percent (lor ) 
of the meMbers of the ASLCSO or a resolution by two-thirds of the Council and 
containing a spedfic staleuJtnt o f the reasons for the proposed remoyal. 
The question of removal of the i!'!peached officer shall be subM1tt~ to II YO e 
of the f1le1'tbers of the .. sue SO withIn eighteen .cadeMic days of the submission 
of the petHlon. If a sflflple m.lIjorl ty of the votes are cast in favor of 
Impeachment, the iltpeached officer shall be removed frOll! office. 

Section C. Initiatlve procedures shall be as follows : 

1. Upon pr esentation to the ASUCSO President or I petition sIgned by fhe 
perc~nt (51) of the merters Of ' the ASUCSO. any measure !lUst be placed on 
the ballot of .n election, ge neral , or special, within eighteen academic 
d!ys. 

2. In itia t ive IIOtlons shall be passed by" simple majority of the ASLCSD 
members vot1ng. 

AtTICU VI AMEllDIBTS 
Secti on A. h!lendments to this ConstitutIon may be proposed by etther two- thirds of the 

Cound l or by • petition signed by twenty percent (20'1) of the l'Ief""bers of 
the ASUC50. 

Section B. Upon receipt of such a petit ion or upon a Council resolution proposing an 
amendme nt. th e ASUCSO Pres1dent sha ll hold an elect10n for the purpose of 
presenting the amenoment to the lIM!fT'bers of th e ASLCSO for approval within 
twenty-four .cademlc days of his receipt of the proposal. unless the general 
election is scheduled wi thin sbe ty days, in which case the pr oposal shall be 
phced on the bal lot of the genera l elect10n. 

1. .Amendments shall be approy ed upon concurrence of t\oto·tt1irds of the 
met'1lbers of ASUCSO voting. 

Secti on C. Upon rece1pt by the President of a pet ition sIgned by twenty percen t (lOS) 
of the members of the ASUCSO or upon passage by two-thirds of a Council 
resolution to the effect that a Constitutional Convention be held. th en 
the President shall schedule such a conycntion within twelve academic days. 
and sha 11 pres Ide over it. 

1. A convention shal l be open t o all rnerbe,.s of the ASUCSD. 

2. Amend!nents. revhi ons , and new constltutions snall be proposed by a 
s1MPle IllajorHy yote of those. In attendance at the convention a.nd sh.1I 
be phced on the ballot of .n election within twehe acadeMic days 
of the adjournment of the conYentlon . 

3. Thfs article does not apply to the provtslon of Article fl. Ser. E. 

AITICU VI IA TfrcA TfOI 
Section A. This Cons titution shall bf'come effective upon ilpprovtl of t'tO-thfrds of 

the members of the ASUCSD voting. 

••••••••• 
TO BE PLAC[O ON ltiE BAllOT: ratificatIon of the Ruytslon shall constitute rat ification 
of the following me.sures : 

1. Following the ratification of lhfs revision, I general election Sh4J1 
be held to elect t he officer$ of the ASUC SD for terms 0 end .fter the gener.l e lec tion 
In the Spring ()Ja r tlltr of 1970- 71 . The offices to which candidates .rt elected shall be 
those of this rty1s1on. 

2. Until the offIcers elected take offiCI. the ASOCSD sh.ll operate under 
the pl"'Ovlslons of the ur ·y1$ed Constftutlon. 

( The .bow' II • peid Idvert ........ t . I 

Constitution Debate 
. Pro - J,H Blnj_min, 
The new AS constitution is based upon 

one fundamental conside ration, known by 
most students for years , but actively re-
cognized only recently: s tudent govern-
ment is not government at a ll. So-called 
student government really has been an ad-
ministration responsible for the allocation 
of the AS lees to various projects , organi-
zations, and events . Only recently, ASUC 's 
statewide have come to recognize their 
other important roles: 'administration and 
and student participation in the academic 
and administrative governance of the uni-
versity and support for student projects 
outside the traditional area of fun and 
games spiced with a little community ser-
vice. 

For the past two years , the ASUCSD 
leadership has recognized these new, vast-
ly more important, roles, yet has had to 
operate under astructure geared to the tra-
ditional AS functions. 

The main roadblock to the expansion of 
the effectiveness has been the AS Senate . 
It was composed of senators represen-

ting the colleges and upper and lower 
divisions . Once elected , the senators 
found there was little to be represented 
and consequently found themselves sear-
ching for something to do. Many senator s 
s imply let dr op trying to remanufacture 
their positions . As a result, the AS Pr e-
s ident, Vice-president, and a few senators 
have really done the wor k of the AS for 
the past two year s. 

This situation has now become into-
ler able- there a re too many jobs to be done 
and a change is urgently needed. We feel 
that the best way to bring the AS 'govern-
ment ' into line with what is really happen-
ning is to dump the false conceptofa legi-
slature and to form a council of people 

elected to get a job done. 
To coordinate and innovate programs 

of academic and administr ative gover-
nance we need people actively interested 
in them- people elected specifically to do 
these jobs. The commissioners of stu-
dent Welfare (Administration), Academic 

continued on page 4 

Vi,wpoint b Cindi Mitton 

Con - Jim Sill, 
The proposed new AS Constitution has 

the nwnerous , and serious, defects one 
would expect from a half-baked rush job. 
Sprung on us only days before the election 
date , the proposed constitution contains 
the following critic~ flaws : 

1. Under the proposed constitution, 
Third College will have only one member 
on the nine-man AS Council. Under the 
present constitution, Third College would 
have two members on the 8-man AS 
Senate. Thus the proposed constitution 
effectively reduces and gerrymanders the 
voting strength of black and brown 
students. 

2. Under the proposed constitution, most 
of the officers of the AS government will be 
elected at large from the whole campus. 
This will tenl to suppress the identity of 
the individual colleges. Under the present 
constitution, 75 per cent of the AS Senators 
are elected at the college level, as Revelle 
or Muir senators protecting their colleges' 
interests . Under the proposed constitution, 
only 33 per cent of the council members 
will be elected at the college level. 

By proposing the radical revision of AS 
government contained in the proposed 
constitution, the AS Senate is adrrutting 
that it has been incompetent in doing its 
job this year . Who, then, are they to design 
the complete overhaul of AS I!overnment? 
What we need is new blood in the AS 
government , not a new constitution. 

Don't be stampeded into hurriedly ap-
proving this patch-work proposed con-
stitution. If it is defeated , AS government 
and elections will continue under the 
present democratic constitution without 
any disruption. 

In its' meeting last Wednesday, the AS 
Senate refused to stipulate that 60 per cent 
of all students vote in the constitutional 
election to make the result valid (the 60 
per cent requirement was used on the 
student center funding election last year ). 
The AS Senate is counting on a small 
turnout of voters to get the constitution 
passed. Give them a surprise during the 
voting April 28 and 29. Vote for black and 
brown ballot power, vote for a strong 
college voice, vote no on the proposed AS 
Constitution. 

George Brown Speaks Friday 
u.s. Senatorial.candidate George Brown will speak in Revelle Plaza on May 1 at noon. 

With vibrations of Earth Day and the Vietnam moratoriwn still in the air, there couldn 't 
be a more appropriate time for him to speak.. . . . 

George Brown is the ouly Senatorial candidate WIth a 15-year record of anti-po.llutl~n 
legislation. He introduced an anti-smog bill as far back as 1961, when he was a Califorrua 
Assemblyman . He has introduced and supported much legislation concerning pollution. 
And last year, before anyone thought of it , he intr~uced the Environmental Quality Act 
in Congress wtjch is the strongest possible clean al1' and water act around. Congress~an Brown's other legislation in this area includes such things as the Safe 
Pesticides Act the Marine Sanctuaries Act, the Sonic Boom Damage Act, and the Outer 
Continental SeH-Development Act, requiring public hearings to be held concerning off-
shore drilling. Brown has also formed the Action Committee on E nvironmental Quality, 
including a group of the most knowledgeable scientists and conservationists, to meet 
with him as a scientific advisory panel , set priorities and formulate the toughest 
legislation possible. 

Dr. Paul Ehrlich, author of "The Population Bomb," and National President of ~ro 
Population Growth, has stated "George Brown. : . would make a~ eminently qu~ed 
U.S. Senator, and I am personally supporting him, ,because of h~ deep and lon~time 
concern over the continuing deterioration of our enVIrorunent. He 15 the only candidate 
for the Senate who has taken a forthright position and leadership role in our fight. " 

George Brown has opposed U.s. involvement in Vietnam since 1964. He is the ouly 
Congressman to have voted against all appropriations and taxes for this war . As early as 
May 1965, Brown addressed the president, saying ; " .. . in all good conscience, I must 
say . .. Mr. President, you are on the wrong path. You are gambling the welfare - yes, 
even the existence of the United States on an illusion - the illusion that liberty, 
democracy, and the peace of mankind cat) be won by the slaughter of peasants in Viet-
nam . .. " In 1969, Brown said : " I have never voted for any money for the Vietnam 
War .. . I feel that under the present circwnstances I cannot vote for any military ap-
propriations which are part and parcel of the policy of American imperialism around the 
world." 

George Brown has supported and taken part in the anti-war moratoriwn demon-
strations. He is against the ABM. He opposes extention of the draft, and would like to see 
the country adopt a volunteer army. .. 

George Brown is a strong supporter of the farm workers grape strike, and has sup-
ported the boycott since it began in 1967. He has even joined the picket lines with the 
strikers. In rebuttal to a KNXT editorial opposing the grape boycott, he stated "The farm 
workers are only doing what so many other Americans have done - organizing them-
selves so that they can help themselves. They have r ot asked for much : a chance for 
their children to go to school, enough food for the family, and decent wages for one of the 
hardest, most back-breaking jobs in America. And they have sought these goals 
peacefully and non-violently. That Is very important to remember. " 

George Brown also introduced the bill to give the American Indians the island of 
Alcatraz for their Edu6ation and Culture Center. An4 be voted against seating the un-
constitutional all-white Congressional Delegation from MississippI. 

Among his other stands, Congressman Brown supports the school lunch program, 
Peace Corps funding and urban mass tran.'lit, and has continually opposed t.1le House Un-
American Activities and any funding for It. 

George Brown needS your help if he Is to win. If you've been waiting fo a candidate 
who really cares about what you think, and makes an effort to find out ... and whol!le 
record needs no excuses, join us in supporting George Brown now. 

Triton Times April 28, 1970 Page 3 



• nnouneemen's 
BLOO DMO B I L E - at the F i re 
Stat ion on MC on Tuesday, Apr il 28 to 
replen ish the UCSD Blood Fund . 
Operat ing hours w ill be from 10 a .m . 
to 4 p .m . The fund is adm in istered by 
Un ivers i ty Hospi tal for the benef i t of 
the ent i re un i vers i ty 
fam il y - students , facu lty , staff , and 
the ir fam ilies . Donors should be 
between the ages of 18 and 60 and in 
good phys ica l hea lth . There are no 
restr ictions on what can be eaten pr ior 
to g iv ing b lood other than a m in imum 
of fatty foods. Refreshments w ill be 
given foll owing donations , wh ich take 
about 30 m inutes . 
Studen ts wi th idea s as to space all oca· 
t ions in the new Revelle Student 
Cen ter Com plex are in v ited to an open 
meeting on Thur sda y, Apr il 30, in the 
In for mal Lounge. Tentati ve pl ans for 
five build ings include a loung e, music 
pract ice r oom, crea t ive ar ts wor k 
shop , darkroom, and sewing room ; 
sponsored by RCCA . 

SA L K - SA LK I N STITU TE 
SEM I NAR - Tuesda y, Apr il 28 at 
noon in the Sal k Small Sel'ninar Room, 
wher e Dr . Crow w ill summar ize ac-
tivities of W es t ern Beh a vi or al 
Sc iences Institute wi th part icular 
reference to thei r study of the War on 
Pover ty in San D iego. 

Pet i tions are now ava il able for the 
posit ions of Revelle College's Com -
m i ttee on College A ff a i rs an d 
Execut ive Comm i Ttee . Pet i t ions must 
be filled with 25 signatures and 
returned no later than May 4, 1970 at 5 
p.m . 

~T . JAMES BY - THE SEA 
E P ISCO PAL CHURCH - Panel 
discuss ion of po ints of v iew relating to 
the Ch icano si tuation . Ma in speakers 
w ill be John Boreno , act ive in civic 
affa irs in San D iego, represent ing Ihe 
conservat ive v iew, and Israel Chaves 
and other student members of 
MECHA. Wednesday , Apr i l 29 at 7 :30 
p.m . in the par ish house of the church . 

All students concerned about the 
select ion of UCSD's next chancellor 
are urged to express the ir op in ions to 
the Ai l -Student parallel of the jo int 
student ·faculty search comm i ttee . 
The Search Comm ittee affords stu -
dents a mean ingful and v i ta l role in 
shaping the future of th is un ivers i ty . 
Chancellor McGill 's successor w i ll 
come from the list of cand idates the 
comm ittee suggests invest igates and 
recommends from UCSD and around 
the country . Any student may place 
names on the l ist and is inv i ted to do 
so . Prospects should be adm in istra · 
tors hold ing a Ph .D. w i th some 
teach ing exper ience . Informat ion can 
be obta ined from and suggest ions left 
w i th Lorenzo Herbnandez (453 ·6935 ) 
or AS Secretary Jeanne Marque (ext . 
1918 ). Suggest ions are also ava i lable 
from fr iends at other schools, and 
should be accom pan ied by a few lines 
of b iographical background . 

L A JOL L A MUSE UM OF AR T - now 
th r ough M ay 3, exhi b i t ?f recent 
m useum acquisi t ions includ rng works 
b y Rob!, Rau sc hen berg , Roy 
Lichtenstein, Milton Aver y , and Rob!. 
I rw in . Also one m an show by scul ptor -
i n .r esidence David Thom pson . Ca ll 
454·0183. 

FI NE A RTS GALL E RY ( BAL BOA 
P ARK) - now through M ay 3, 
" California South VII " Annual ~I~ . 
med ia juried exhib i t ion ; alsO exhi b it 
o f graphics by Winslow Homer . Call 
232·7931. 

MORE SPECIAL EVENTS 

WALK F OR D EVEL OP · 
MENT - Sunday , May 3. Walk to 
ra ise money 10 fund self -help projects . 
WalK starts and ends at the Mission 
Bay Information Center . For in · 
format ion call 281 ·4456 

UCSD - " Abraxas " at the Anomaly 
Factory . Presented by the en · 
vironmental theater Apr il 2530, and 
May 1. 2, 7, 8 and 9 at 8 :30 p.m . 

continued from page 3 

MEDIVAL CULTURAL 
SERIES - Tuesday, April 28, 7:30 
p .m . In USB 2722. Mr. Betram 
Turetzky will lead a discussion about 

medieval mus ic . 

cl.ssifieds 
ATTENTION DRAMA WORKSHOP. 
T ursday, April 30 at 7:30 p .m . at 6114 
Univer sity Avenue, S.D. (Merlins 
School of the Dance) Conducted by 
Hollywood D i rector . Introductory 
session compl i mentary . For addi-
tional information call 582-3857. L in 
Roberts Academy . 

UNIVERStTY OF CALIFORNIA, 
BERKELEY CAMPUS : unique Io?c-
ture notes, hundreds of courses, taken 
directly in class by professionals from 
world -famou s teachers. 51 -$4. Send for 
latest free catalog. FYBATE LEC-
TURE NOTES, Dept. 52, 2440 Ban-
croft Way, Berkeley, Calif ., 94704. 

HELP WANTED : TRANSLATORS 
WANTED, Free Lance, all tech . f ie lds 
and languages. Un lim ited volume. 
Send resume and sam ple to P.O. Box 
5456, Santa Ba rbara , Calif ., 93103. 

SURFBOARD with rag for sale, 540. 
Cost 5140 new. Phone 453-9967 . 

HI -FI for sale, E .V. 1177 Recr. plus 2 
AR 4X . Speakers 5200 (half-price) . 
Call Bob at ext. 1053 or 453-2878. 

FOUND after Sunday ' s Rock n' Roll 
concert : sandals . Call Preston Carter 
at 454-1709 . 

LOST at Sunday ' S Rock n' Roll con-
cert : Extens ion cord belonging to AS . 
Call Preston Carter at 454-1079. 

LOST : on e! pa i r contacts i n a blue and 
wh i te cyl indr ical case. Reward, call 
453-6630 after 5 p.m . 

FOUND : Saturday , one pa i r of 
gla sses in ye llow case. Call Brianne at 
453-5225. 

affairs (Acade mic Senate and departments) and Finally, the colleges will be repr esented. In 
External Affaire; (Re g.? nt~ anrt. State gov~ rl\meJlt) fact, even with less people so designated (one, 
will be elected to se rve In their respective a reas rather than the two called for in the old consti-
of s tudent concern - areas in which they have tution) the views of a particular college will 
an interest. . be better taken car e of because the college re-

Also, students now are a pow'?rful force ill presentative will be on the council to do that 
the university community involving themselves job and that job only. 
in projects of community improvement and ser- To conclude then we have restructured the 
vice. We also make news in the community, AS "governm;nt" t~ make it respond to the 
which in our case is totally dis torted at bes.t. demands of a student body which has entered the 
The Community Service commissioner and Pubhc Academic Senate which has entered the adminis-
Relations Director will act in these areas im- tration which is ' involved in the community which 
proving and expanding student involvement in the is aw;re of the condition of the Regents ~d the 
San Diego community and making sure that the state government, and which expects to become more 
story gets across straight. involved in all these areas. 

Revelle Student (enter Needs (reative Suggestions 
Fritzi MUIr 

A student center complex for 
Revelle is coming. The Revelle 

Committee on College Affairs is 
sponsor ing the moving and 
remodeling of the fine offices 
used by the construction workers 

GULLS NEST PUB 
PRESENTS 

TUESDAyS .... 
MEXICAN DINNER 
two enchiladas 
beans and r ice 60~ 
beer 35 ~ 
6:00 · 0 10:00 p.m. 

WEDNESDAyS .... 
FOLK SINGERS "HOOT" NIGHT 
bring your gu itar, ban jo, etc. 
8:00 p.m. 

TUURSDAyS .... 
SPORTS, FIGHTS, AND OLD TIME: ;ILMS 
7:31 p.m. 

FBIDAyS .... 
HAPPY HOUR " DRINK-IN" 
ho:;ted oy Robert L. Collins 
KCBQ disc jockey 
hot hors d'ouvres free 
drinks 50~ 
5:30- 8:30 p.m. 

SATURDAyS .... 
"LlVE TURTLE RACES" 
enter you r own turtle 
8:00 p.m. 

3595 SPORTS ARENA DRIVE 
SAN DIEGO 

on the Matthews Campus. 
Suggestions have been made that 
the buildings house a creative 
arts workshop, a lounge, a ml,lsic 
practice room, a darkroom, and a 
sewing room. 

The complex will be located in 
the wooded area below the 
Provost's Office between the two 
roads. Student suggestioJls are 
needed as to other possible uses 
of the buildings along the lines of 
the aforementioned uses. There 
will be an open meeting in the 
Informal Lounge on April 30 at' 
noon. Bring your lunch and ideas. 
Student working parties will be 
organized to help with the 
remodeling and initial ground 
work. 

The Creative Arts Workshop 
will eventually include a kiln and 
potter's wheel. The lounge will 
specifically serve the commuter 
student, providing a quiet, easily 
accessible place to eat. 

UCSD TRITON TIMES STAFF 

Applications for editorial and 
taff positions on the TRITON 

TIME '70-'71 are now belag 
con Ide red by the Executive 
Board. Tho e wishing to apply 
should stop by the office in Blake 
Hall for further information. 

taff membership Is open to any 
UC D undergraduate. 

Bob Kavanaugh'. 

The Grim Generation 
Jason Cathcart 

Staff Writer 
In Robert Kavanaugh's extensive role as student psychologist, ex-

priest and student adviser, he remains detached from both camp~ 
youth and administration but stays near enough to reveal a panorarruc 
insight into campus upheavals . 

His newest publication, "The Grim Generation," released April 13, 
is a "call to parents, tax payers and legislators." In his words it poses 
a "pan-optic view" of campus youth and the older generation and the 
resulting confrontation. By comparing the quiet security~king 
collegiate of the 50's with the loud insurgent youth of today, he finds 
that today's religion-free campuses no longer function in the same 
capacities. Science is the certainty many students seek. Rationalism 
is the substitute for religion. Students place a significant emphasis on 
involvement. For this and other reasons a communication gap 
separates campus youths and parents. 
Radical Types 

Kavanaugh divides campus radicals into two primary classifica-
tions: benevolent and inalevolent. Further subdivisions produce three 
classic types of student radicals : 

(1) " Philosophical" radicals-those who vent their frustrations 
through extensive plaza speeches attempting to appeal to apathetic 
and undecided students with usually the same basic speech. 

(70) "Hell-raising" radicals: these students replace the "panty 
raiders" of the 50's. They are unwilling to take extreme measures but 
believe in fighting within the system, fighting mediocrity in the class-
rooms, fighting for relevant education, and raising hell with college 
standards. 

(3) " Pathological" radicals: coming from twisted homes, these 
students convince themselves that no other method of refonn exists • 
but violent confrontation with the authorities. Students of this type 
seek action in constant fulfillment of their innate agitation. One might 
find this student rushing to Santa Barbara or Berkeley with helmet . 
and leather boots to be "where the action is." 
The Opposition 

Opposed to the radical youth are what Kavanaugh labels "adult 
rebels," the uncompromising adults on and off campus usually oc-
cupied with financial concerns but never attentive to students' 
demands. Unfortunately, the campus " adult rebels" within the ad-
ministrations resist the students' demands, his appearance and other 
social aspects. As a result the many social issues of today do nothing to 
close the gaps between young and old rebels. 
Polarization or Destroy? 

Two possibilities can evolve, declares Kavanaugh. The first and 
most likely is all~efeating polarization, a very distinct separation 
between all factions of student and administration. The important 
aspect of the polarization is the time it might require to reestablish 
communications. 

A second possibility is that of a truer sense of democracy. Only 
presently, according to Kavanaugh, can democracy exhibit itself in 
America at such a wide and needed level. The youth of today demand 
to be heard in a fashion unprecedented in America. Kavanaugh's tone 
of democracy is idealistic in the sense that complete compromise 
within a nation or university between youth and administration can 
avoid the psychological and constitutional problems as in the past. 
This remains to be seen. 
The Psychological Stance 

As a negative example of "suggestive prophecy," Kavanaugh 
exemplifies Governor Reagan's latest statement regarding "blood 
baths" .as the power sustaining the unnecessary violent con-
frontations. With the recent concentration of public militia at UC 
Berkeley, Kavanaugh feels that the officers who occupy the campuses 
harbor the notion of a possible "blood bath." When a flower child 
approaches the officer open-armed, the officer can respond no further 
than to swing his club. In return for love the student is beaten. 
The Lack of People 's Pot Festivity 

Kavanaugh's vitriolic comments about "the malevolent dreamers 
in which they, the campus anarchists and nihilists, the frustrated and 
angry hell-raisers and the mentally or emotionally ill 'kooks ' who 
frequently are hard~ore drug users ," do not shade many important 
aspects of the present student youth or what Kavanaugh entitles "the 
Grim Generation. " He sees purely constructive and collective benefits 
in the People 's Food Co-op, and the pot luck festivities . Whereas he 
disagrees with drugs, he views campus rock concerts and bands as 
having a stabilizing effect. The lack of gayeties and fWl are character-
iatic of the "Grim Galeration." 

Robert Kavuaup, ID ex ....... and now student adYWor, revealJ 
a panoramic insight tnto campus upheavals in his newest publication, 
"THE GRIM GENERATION". (See article above) 

Page 4 Triton Times April 28, 1970 

-' 

III 

" 

" 

, : 

1) 
- : ) 

J) 
. II! 
o[ 

'.!1 
° (_1 


