
~in the course of evolution it becomes necessary for one species to denounce 
the notion of independence from all the rest, and to assume among the powers of the earth, 
the interdependent station to which the natur.allaws of the cosmos have placed them, a 
decent respect for the opinions of all mannd requires that they should declare the con-
ditions which impel them to assert their interdependence. 

We hold these truths to be self-evident that all species have evolved with equal and 
unalienable rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and pursuit of Happiness. That to 
insure these rights, nature has instituted certain principles from the capabilities of the 
planet's life-support system. That whenever any behavior by members of one species 
becomes destructive of these principles, it is the function of other members of that species 
to alter or abolish such behavior and to reestablish the theme of interdependence with all 
life, in such a form and in accordance with those natural principles, that will effect their 
safety and happiness. Prudence, indeed, will dictate that cultural values long established 
should not be altered for light and transient causes, that mankind is more disposed to 
suffer from asserting a vain notion of independence than to right themselves by abolishing 
that culture to which they are now accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and 
usurpations of these principles of interdependence, en vinces a subtle design to reduce 
them, through absolute despoilation of the planet's fertility to a state of ill will, bad health, 
and great anxiety, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such notions of in-
dependence from other species and from the life support system, and to provide new 
guards for the re-establishment of the security and maintenance of these principles. Such 
has been the quiet and patient sufferage of all species, and such is now the necessity which 
constrains the species Homo Sapiens to reassert the principles of interdependence. The 
history of the present notion of independence is a history of repeated injuries and usur-
pations all having indirect effect the establishment of an absolute tyranny over life. To 
prove this let facts be submitted to a candid world. 
1. People have refused torecognize the roles of other species and the import ance of 
natural principles for growth of the food they require. 2. People have refused to recognize 
that they are interacting with other species in an evolutionary process. 3. People have 
fouled the waters that all life partakes of. 4. People have transformed the face of the earth 
to enhance their notion of independence from it and in so doing have interrupted many 
natural processes that they are dependent upon. 5. People have contaminated the com-
mon household with substances that are foreign to the life processes which are causing 
many organisms great difficulties. 6. People have massacred and extincted fellow 
species for feathers and furs, for their skins and tusks. 7. People have persecuted 
most pe those known as coyote, lion, wolf, and fox because of their dramatic role 
in the of interdependence. 8. People are proliferating in such an irresponsible 

threaten the survival of all species. 9. People have warred upon one another 
great sorrow to themselves and vast destruction to the homes and the 

many living things. 10. People have denied others the right to live to 
r interdependencies to the full extent of their capabilities. 

re, among the mortal representatives of eternal process of life and 
principles, in mutual humbleness, stated, appealing to the 
'un;'U"""l~~I:J of the world for the of our intentions, do solemnly 

that all species are interd ; that they are all free to realize 
to the full extent of their ; that each species is subservient 

of the natural p n all life. And for the support of 
with a firm reliance on mbers of our species who understand 

as a capability, to us and our brothers to interact in order 
rocess that imum potential of diversity, vitality and 

to ensure the life on earth. 

TUB.d." April 21, "'0 



You 
What 
Eat 

You 

Today, virtually every bite of food you 
eat has been chemically treated and 
proceued. Preservatives, dyes, bleaches, 
emul.ifiers artificial flavors, 
neutralizers: moisturizers, drying agents, 
hydrogenerators , artificial hormones, 
antibiotics, chemical fertlUzers, 
pesticides, fungicides, and ~nfectants 
are a partial list of the ever mcreasing 
chemicals added to our food supply. 

Commercial interests use these 
chemical food additives for a vari,:tr of 
reasons, though basically food additives 
are used to make stale products appear 
fresh and to disguise inferior quality prod~cts by . su~stituting cheap, 
nutritionally !Of en or , or worthless 
chemicals for more costly natural 
ingredients. . . . . 

For example, cherrucal fertlliz~~s m-
crease the size of many crops by force 
feeding" the plants nitrogen. Thi~ results 
in larger sized products .~~h less 
nutritional value. Also, arbflclal sex 
hormones are given to livestoc~ to ":lake 
them quickly and cheaply gam wel.ght. 
One example, stilbestrol, a hormone. gIven 
to cattle and other meat anunals, 
chemically upsets their horm?nal bal~ce 
and results in their emasculatlon, sterillty, 
and rapid weight gain. Minute doses 
several times smaller than what often 
appears in conunercial meat has produced 
cancer in rats during laboratory tests. ~e 
dangerous implications for man, who IS 
the next step in the food chain, seem ob-
vious. 

'each meal contains 

Ranchers also are feeding livestock vast 
quantities of antibiotics in their effort to 
halt the spread of disease among 
unhealthy animals. Humans then eat the 
meat often still containing high con-centr~tions of antibiotics . It is a .known 
fact that many strains of di~ase­
producing bacteria, that were prevlOusly 
controlled by antibiotics, have , after 
repeated exposure t? these. drugs, 
developed into new strams, now unm~e 
to their effects . Thus, with ea~h meat ~sh, 
we may be giving pathogemc bactena a 
vaccination against the most successfully 
used drugs in combatting disease . 
It is indeed a rarity for chemicals to 

become incorporated into our food supply 
because of the consumer's actual 
nutritional needs. Nevertheless, an 
examination of a typical meal would 
reveal a myriad of possibly dangerous 
chemical additives. For example, the 
white bread you eat has had the most 
valuable nutrients milled out and then was 
chemically bleached, aged, softened and 
preserved. Processed cheese is artificially 
stabilized, often with sodium car-

Alex Hinds 
P.lom.r College Student 

boxymeth, which is ~ ~ in rain 
emulsion paints and prmter s Ink; ar-
tifically thickened often with methyl 
celluose, which Is also used in cosmetics 
and adhesives; as well as artificially 
preserved, flavored, and C?lored with 
various other synthetic chefnl".1" 

Your meats contain the highest con-
centration of DDT and other related 
clorinated hydrocarbons, due to a process 
known as biological magnification. As you 
may have heard there are federal stan-
dards regulating the Umit of DDT in milk 
transported across state lines. What you 

probably didn't hear is that dairy animals 
that exceed the federal standards for DDT 
concentration are then oftentimes used for 
meat. 

The ice cream you eat for desert may 
contain several cheap chemicals, in-
cluding diethy glucol, used as an 
emulsifier, and also used in anti-freeze and 
paint removers. Flavor chemicals are also 
used such as pipernal for vanilla 
flavoring, a chemical also used to kill lice; 
and for cherry flavoring, ethyle aldehyde 
C17 also used as a cleaner for leather and 
textiles, whose vapors have been linked to 
chronic lung, liver, and heart damage. 

Refined white sugar, found in most all 
your deserts, packaged foods, and soups, 
is the result of a chemical process which 
has enabled man to strip natural sugar-
producing crops of their original nutrients 
until there remains only isolated pure 
carbohydrate; empty calories devoid of 
vitamins minerals , and protein. In fact a 
greater ~ount of body energy is required 
to digest and assimilate white sugar than 
what it produces. Experimental evide~~e 
by Dr. Russell Wilder, a Mayo Climc 
physician shows that the increased use of 
white s~ar leads to a vitamin B 

Page 2 Triton Times April 2L 1970 

deficiency. A diet ordinarily IUfftctent in 
vitamin B will become inadequate with an 
Increued intake of white sugar. 

The lilt goes on and on, becoming more 
and more frightening. Dr. Edward J. 
Ryan, editor of The Dental Digest sta~s 
that "Everytlme a natural substance IS 
removed from a food, eve 

The list goes on and on, becoming more 
and more frightening. Dr. Edward ~; 
Ryan editor of "The Dental Digest state~ that "Every time a natural sub-
stance is removed from a food, every time 
an adulterant is added to a food, the 
balance in nature is disturbed ... the 
chemical and cellular processes within the 
body cannot react to the passing whims of 
chemists without disturbance In f1Blction. 
It took thousands of years for the body to 
adjust Itself to changing environmental 
conditions. When these conditions are 
suddenly altered by the actions of men, the 
cells cannot make the ad· 
fustment - disease is the result ... 

All of us have heard at sometime in our 
Uves that the American way of life, our 
technology and food products, bas 
provided us with the bigbett standard of 

healthful living. To the contrary, 
Americans get sick, visit doctors, and take 
medication more often than any other 
group of people at any time In history. 
Grnated our life expectancy has in· 
creased 22 years since 1900, but the prime 
reasons for this increase were (1) 
decreases in infant and maternal mor-
talities, a result largely of improved 
sanitation, medical facilities, antibiotics ; 
and (2) a reduction in the number of 
deaths from infectious diseases, again due 
largely to improved sanitation, antibiotics, . 
and sulfa drugs. Statistics show that in the 

Obviously the pollution of air, water, and 
food plays a large part in ~ Increued 
occurences of IUCh degenerative dileues 
as cancer, Unked to some synthetic dyea, 
artificial hormones, preservatives, 
pesticides; emphysema, linked to air 
pollution and cigarette smoke; and 
coronary artery diseases, America's 
number one killer, linked to anima1 fat, 
cigarette smoke, and hydrogenated oUs 
(which are found In many items, such as 
commercial peanut butter) . 

Unfortunately, big business interests, 
largely through ignorance and com-
mercial expediency, are employing 
deceptive testing methods and political 
lobbyists to insure the continued use of 
their processed, adulterated products. Too 
often, the attitude is a little poiaon very 
dilluted won't do substantial harm. They 
completely ignore the cumulative effect of 
3 meals per day containing a little poiaon, 
as well as the great variation In tolerance 
levels among different humans. Too often, 
the test researchers have an insufficient 
background in toxicology and biology, and 
succeed in proving only the specific func· 
tion asked them by their industrial Im-
ployers, who likewise may be lU1aware 

. that their researchers are not quaUfied to 
judge the safety of one product or another . 

What then can we as individuals do to 
Umit our intake of chemical food additives 
and pesticides, better known a~ biocides, 
since most of them, in suffiCient quan-
tities, will kill all living organisms? .The 
most obvious answer would be to grow our 
own food without using Insecticides and 
the like . Many people, however, have 
neither the time, backyard, or inclination 
for home gardening. These people must 
then purchase unadulterat~d food from a 
private commercial source . Fortunately, 
"organic growers, " farmers who don't 
spray·, use compost and o~er natur~ 
fertilizers, putting more back mto the ~il 
than what they take out, are becommg 
more and more numerous. However, 
before the general public can be provided 
with wholesome high quality food on a 
large scale, the conunercial interests that 
be (whose common denominator is cash) 
will have to be convinced that the market 

. already exists. 

, last 70 years we have not appreciablY'1J~~1 

a myriad of 

increased the -life expectancy or health of 
adults 40 years or over. We have merely 
reduced the number of premature deaths 
from Infectious diseases and infant 
mortality (which is incidentally beginning 
to increase) and have substituted 
prolonged, degenerative diseases in their 
stead. In many cases doctors keep patients 
alive and little else. 

Biologists state that mammals should 
live 5-6 times longer than the length of time 
it takes them to reach maturity . By this 
formula, based on the life cycle of all other 
mammals, humans should live to be about 
120. Where is man going wrong? The an-
swers are certinly many and complex, but 
doctors , supposedly the guardians of our 
health, are too often entrenched in their 
own chemically biased medical culture, 
which is more oriented towards "curing" 
sickness (treating symptoms) than of-
fering substantial advice on the main-
"''lance of health. 

. dangerous chemicals' 
Organically grown food ~ not pure 

. magic, but it does taste better! and IS .of 
higher nutritional value than its plastic, 

, I adulterated counterpart. Proper organic 
agricultural methods do not diastrously 
upset ecological balances or reduce soU 
fertility like chemically oriented 
agriculture. Skillful organic growers 
substitute biologlc41 control methods for 
insecticides, relying upon sllch practices 
as the Importation of natural predators for 
certain insect pests and plant a diverslf~ed 
crop including some flowers or herbs 
knowb to be deterents to specific pests, as 
well as many other techniques. 

San Diego County, well known for its 
healthy climate, is doubly blessed by 
having nwnerous sources of organically 
grown produce. Reasons are few w~y 
college cafeterias and other public m-
stitutions could not add natural f~ 
sections featuring unsprayed fruits, 
vegetables, and whole grains (brown rice 
and whole wheat bread) to their facilities . 
Our age is in the midst of decadence and 
environmental crisis. Soil fertility and 
food poisoning are known factors in the 
rise and fall of past civilizations. It's high 
time we begin to define our needs with the 
needs of our health and the needs of the 
earth. 

There Are 

Too Many ... 
Gary Worthington ~------------------------------------------------------------------__________________ ~ San Diego Afforney 

More and more experts are becoming convinced that 
the primary cause of air and water pollution, diminishing 
open spaces, and other forms of environmental deteriora-
tion is simply too many people. 

Dr . Paul Ehrlich states: "The causal chain of the 
deterioration is easily followed to its source. Too many 
cars, too many factories, too much detergent, too much 
pesticide, multiplying contrails, inadequate sewage treat-
ment plants, too little water, too much carbon dioxide-all 
can be traced easily to too many people." 

California now has a population of about 20 million . 
According to estimates of the State Department of 
Finance, by 199().......()nly 20 years away-there will be 75 per 
cent more people In CalifOrnia, or about 35 million per-
sons. Some estimates of the population for the state go as 
high as 50 million by the year 2000. 

"A million more people 

In San Diego county 

in 20 years" 

San Diego County will get its full share of the statPo's 
population growth. There are now just under 1.5 million 
residents in the county. The County Planning Department 
estimates that there will be roughiy a million more people 
in the county in another 20 years. . 

The present population density of San Diego County, 
even taking into consideration the mountain and desert 
areas, is slightly over 300 Per square mile. This is five 
times as great as the density of the U.S. as a whole, and 50 
per cent greater than In Orina. 

What all these statistics mean is that in the future there 
will be less and less of everything for more and more 
people. According to Willard Johnson, Executive Director 
of the Planned Parenthood Association of San Diego 
County, we are already experiencing a "falling standard 
of living" due to population pressures. He cites as the 
most obviollS proof of this the increasing smog alerts, the 
overcrowded hospitals and the short supply of doctors, the 
long lines at the airport, and, of course, the congestion on 
the freeways during the rush hour. 

"One more person 
wanting to use 
the golf course 

the same time you do" 
Mayor Curran, in his first news conference of the 

current year, publicly stated that increasing population is 
at the root of San Diego's problems. Nevertheless, the 
Cbamber of Commerce Is ac~vely encouraging more 
people to move in. 

And every person who moves Into the county means one 
more person wanting to use the freeway the same time 
you do, or wanting hospital care the same time you do, or 
lOOking for privacy on the beach or using the goH course 
the same time you are. 

.. ~of You 
And Me 

Every additional person who moves into the county 
adds 120 gallons a day to the sewage system and disposes 
of four pounds of solid wastes and three pounds of air 
pollutants. He will also throwaway about 250 cans and 135 
bottles or jars per year. Remember that each of these 
figures will be multiplied In the county by a million in the 
next 20 years . 

The population problem in San Diego and in California 
is, of course, only a part of the population problem in the 
United States as a whole. There are over 200 million 
people· in the U.S. now, and a hundred million more are 
expected in the next 30 years. 

Presidential &ience Adviser Dr. Lee A. DuBridge is 
convinced that overpopulation is at the root of en-
vironmental problems. Among the nationally prominent 
people speaking out for population control are HEW 
Secretary Robert Finch and television personality Arthur 
Godfrey. To give added emphasis to a speech he was to 
give on environmental problems, Godfrey recently 
arrived at the University of Michigan driving an electric 
car. 

In order to bring about a stabilized population in the 
U.S. it is essential to lower the birth rate, which is now 
about 16 per thousand, down to the death rate, which is 
about nine per thousand. To achieve a zero population 
growth rate most experts are advocating that all families 
limit themselves to two children or less. 

One organization working to convince people of the need 
for smaller families is Zero Population Growth, which has 
Dr. Paul Ehrlich of Stanford, author of " The Population 

"A 60rtions--

no restrictionsl" 
Bomb," as its national president. ZPG's goals are a 
stabilized population size in the U.S. by 1980 and In the 
world by 1990. The organization hopes to achieve this both 
by educating people to have no more than two natural 
children (any other children should be adopted) and by 
lobbying for new legislation in the population area. . 

Two pieces of legislation in that area which have 
already been introduced are the bill in tfe U.S. Senate 
authored by Oregon's Sen. Packwood, which would limit 
dedUctions on federal income tax to three children and a 
bill in the <;aIifornia legislature introduced by ~n . An-
thony C. BeUenson of Beverly Hills to limit state income 
tax deductions to two children. 

While tax considerations probably seldom if ever enter 
into a decision to have more children, the idea beh~d the 
bills is that the lease we can to is to stop actively rewar-
ding unlimited childbearing and to make it clear that 
having large families is socially irresponsible. 

Other bills introduced by Senator Beilenson would allow 
doctors to give birth control information to minors without 
their parents' permission, would set up a family planning 
unit in the State Department of Public Health to distribute 
birth control information and services and would remove 
all restrictions on abortions . ' 

I -

" 

Abortions are now legally obtainable in San Diego 
County for almost any woman, due in large part to the 
efforts of the local Abortion Counseling Service, but the 
procedure to qualify is an inconvenient and expensive one, 
requiring prior consultation with a psychiatrist and a phy-
sician. Sen. Beilenson's bill would mean that an abortion 
would be a matter between only a woman and her doctor, 
like any other medical problem. U abortions were freely 
available so that no woman would have to have an un-
wanted child we would be a long way toward stabilizing 
the population. 

But even a drastic reduction 

in the nation's birth rate 

would not solve our problem" 

But even a drastic reduction in the nation 's birth rate 
would not completely solve the overpopulation problem in 
San Diego, since about 73 per cent of the county's popula-
tion growth is due to migration into the area . 

What can be done about stopping this migration? One 
possibility is for the Chamber of Commerce to reverse its 
present policies and to begin actively discouraging people 
from coming into the area to settle. 

William Thwaites, biology professor at San Diego State 
and coordinator of the local chapter of Zero Population 
Growth, suggests that a local group similar to the 
Chamber of Commerce, but with different goals, should 
make available statistics about air pollution levels in 
various areas of San Diego, and that we should " try to 
discourage people from retiring here, especially if they 
have respiratory diseases. We should take the position 
that we owe it to people to warn them about hazards to 
their health , so it would be immoral to mislead them into 
settling here." 

He also suggests that we should stop encouraging high-
employment and high-pollution industries to move Into the 
county. Besides helping San Diego 's overpopulation 
problem, such a policy has the added benefit of being 
altruistic, he says, as it lets other areas of the nation that 
really need the economic benefits of a new industry have 
it. 

Still , so long as the nation as a whole has a rapidly in-
creasing population, we are bound to have many people 
from elsewhere mOving into Southern California and 
-even if unwittingly and unwillingly-adding to further 

environmental deterioration here . 
What can you, as a concerned individual, do to help fight 

the overpopulation problem? 
First, of course, limit your own family to one or two 

children, and adopt any others you may want. 
Second, join an organization such as Zero Population 

and contribute your time and money to it . 
Third, write to your representatives in government, 

telling them to support legislation such as the Beilenson 
bills and the Packwood bill. 

Finally, be well-informed on the subject. Read books 
such as "The Population Bomb," by Paul Ehrlich, 
"Moment in the Sun," by the Rienows, and 
"Famine- 1975," by the Paddock brothers. 

------~~----~------------------~ 



tsAllRY WEISBERG 
'nt, critical impo~nce of ecolOl)' a. a developing aource 
of oppoetion in ""'mca .tem. from the realization that 
poIitiea in our .. ha. acquired an abaolute character. 
While political ,dlfwon makin, and control is .teadily 
concentrated in tfte handa of a very few-the arena of 
control i •• teadily expandin,. Fewer and fewer people 
control more and more-so that the very conditions which 
support life on this planet: the land we walk upon, the air 
we breathe, and the water we drink-are now the subjects 
of political management on a ICale beyond normal com- sUperlOnic tranlport, depletion 
prehension. The politice of ecology muat start from the Of our prt!8ent deetruction of the life-Iupport capacity of for continued _off-ehore drillin" undermines efforts at 
premise that present-day reality is increasingly the p"?- this planet are rooted in the very fabric of our civilization, consumer protection-and one begins to understand the 
duct of a Btructure of economic and political power that reaching their most insane dimensions in the present meanin, of federal efforts. While there are more com· 
consolidates. and sustains itself throu,h the systematic corporate America. The Greek rationalism of Aristotle, mittee&, more reporta, more reeearch and m<!re atf:en-
destruction of man and hiB physical world. The exploita- the Roman Enlin~ring mentality, the biblical anthro- tion, Ie .. and lell i8 actlUllly dOM. The friJbtenlD, 
tion of man by man and nature by man are merely two pomorphic injunctions to "have dominion over the land concluaion, however, is not that government"ahould. do 
sidea of the lame coin. ' and subdue every creepin, thing," the post.Enli,hten- mor_for the more it does the worse our ecolOgical 

It is, then, folly to think that the destruction of our ment notions of growth and progreae, the present tech- sYlltems.get_ 
global life support .ystems under advanced industrial nical corporate economic systems motivated by compe-
capitalism or communism is merely a by·product of tition-all dominate the Western mentality of man against INDUSTRY 
prOgl'Hll-a case of bad mana,ement, the result of insuf- nature. Where nature works toward harmony, cooperation What are we to make of the flurry of industrial ads de-
ficient eBthetic sensibilities on the part of businell and and interdependence, advanced industrial society works picting everythin, from Standard Oil to Dow Chemical 
enlineers, or simply a matter of who own. the means of toward growth, competition and independence. The ad- to the American Rifle AlI8Ociation as conservation· 
produetlon. In an historical sense, we have reached the vanced nation state works in direct opposition to thoee minded people? Of the recent Business of Pollution Con-
point where we can totally violate the processes lind balic life-living instincts which have nourished our bil- trol TechnololY of the investment of industry in coneer-
structures of the natural world; hence our relationship lion-year evolution. To repeat: the domination of man by vation orranization? The anewer, I think, ia to be found 
to nature is no longer determined by the forces of natl1re man and man over nature are two sides of the same coin. -for instan~in the worda of Robert 0' Anderson, chair;-
but by the rule of political management. The deterioration The precondition for our survival require& the most man of the board of Atlantic Richfield. In a recent aa-
of the natural environment all around us is therefore basic transformation of the cultural, social, political and dre88 before a State Department.lIPOnlOn!d-conf~ee on 
clearly a product of the nature of production and con- economic mentalities and structures which dominpt.e Mun &nd Hia Environment, O'Anderson argued that the 
sumption, of cultural values and social relationships the developed nations and hllng as a .-:arrot over the costs of pollution con.trol .sl>nuld he pused on to the con· 
that today hold sway over industrial technololical society never·to-be-developed nations. BUJDer and that oil aho.uld remain the baee of ener'IY sup-
-American or Soviet. In view of the sudden flurry of government· initiated ply. In short, industry h88 made of the environmental 

In short, our present technical manipulation of the life- programs (including the spate of officially endorsed cam· crisis Ii commo::ty. Recent financial reports indicate 
support capacity of the planet now threatens the totality pus "teach·ins" planned for next April), it is especially that the business of pollution control will in fact make Ii 
of physical conditions which nurture life itself. The oxy· chilling to contemplate the performance of government, profit out of poUution while at the same time ,enerating 
gen content in the atm'osphere, the metabolism of our industry and their conservationist junior partners. Here's more pollution: more growth will be the remedy ap-
own bodies, food chains and the relationship between popu- a rundown: plied to the periia of Ir"'owth. In short, that advertising 
lations and the resources .needed to support them-condi- will continue to coat more for business than research, 
tions upon which the existence of all plant and animal life GOVERNMENT that the consumers will be pasaed on any costs of "pol-The proportion of the National Budget spent on all ._..1 I' Id today depends-are the products of evolutionary processes lution control," and that f""era agenoes-new or 0 -
extending over billions of years. Our induatrial civiliza- natural resource program I has declined steadily since will continue to operate II captives of the industry they 
tion is now destroying them in a matter of decades. We 1959: are to rerulate. 
are talking about proceaaes which may well have worked 1965 2.3% CONSERVATION 
their irrevocable consequences within a decade or two- 1966 2.2% More than any lingle element of the preeent collage of 
after which there will be nothing within the human poten- 1967 2.0% conllervation activity, the coneervation organizations 
tial to restore their life-living capacity. 1968 1.9% themllelv_to'varying degrees-lead the public to believe 

The culture itself is aware of the explosive potential 1969 1.9% est. that the Emperor haa no clothes when, .in fact, they 
of the imbalances between society and nature. Government 1970 1.8% est. serve 88 clothes for the Emperor. Such orranizations 
and industry, through the media, have begun to manage act in the moat fragmentary ways attacking iaolated 
these illues on a daily basis_ Scientists speak out, re- In other wOrdl, for fiscal 1969, we spent only $3.6 bil· problema and not complex patterns of aocial and political 
ports are called for and committees created. In fact, lion on all natural resource programs, of some $202 behavior. They save a nature area and fail to a9dreaa 
h tte f . d 1 .. d I billion, spending more ($4 billion) to reach outer space tepa rn 0 action an anguage emergmg aroun po. the entire land use patterns of that re"'on. They .. ve 

I all I ct1 th f ·-!1 f"I' h d than to make the earth habitable. The gap between au· e-ution par e sella y e lUJures 0 OVl nil' ts an a ----Lore from development, when that lle88hore is 
" II ' .. h allin ~ "II thorization and appropriation on programs such as air ...,...,.. poverty- a war on po ut10n, tee g ,or a po u- threatened with the biol""';cal destruction of its wildlife. 

. " E b t - ffi to I and water poUotion h88 widened every year. Thia is ...... tion pentagon. ven new ureaucra lC 0 cea rep ace As such, their victoriea are, at beat, atop "aps, always 
h D rtm t f I te . ted Wh t h merely to demonstrate the inability of the Congrell to .. t e epa en 0 n nor are suggea. a suc provisional. Th- foster the mstence of centralized 

al . . th t 't . t th tr I f th I d achieve ita own stated obiectives-not that those objectives -J propos s mw IS a 1 18 no e con 0 0 e an , ' forma of authority thro""h the support they lend to 
. d th· tak b t th trol f would have sueceaafully dealt with any major issue. In -.. air an . water at II at s e. u . . e con 0 man. di present elective prOcedures-u .. et the .. ood .... y. in of-
Th b · ti' Ibn' fr tho b ' f y fact, there il every reason to believe that more spen ·n., .. • .-e 0 VlOUS ques on reau g om II ne surve tice." They have virtually no critical understandin" of 

. h th t th tte f b d t would have produced merely more pollution. Add to this e JI weer or no eae are rna rs 0 a managemen , the governmenta of oil, agribusine88, public utilitiea or ilisfunction or the like, as mentioned earlier. The orilins a government which at the same time sub.idizei' the :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:':.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:,:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.~.:,:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:':.:.:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:::::;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::~r:~~~~::~:~:~::~~::~~:o\?:,:~:.:.:.:.::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 

I 

chemicala. The COIl8ervaUoniata frequently ViOlence-bait 
the Left, or shun it 88 revolutionary. "The country is 
tired of . .1'08 and ready to _ someone like us come to 
tlie forefront," a youna coneervationiat recently noted. 
Increuina'ly motivated and .upported by various govern· 
mental machinations, these people work in totel iaolation 
to the civil "-hts a'll! peace movemente, with no rela-
tionship to the varied forces of oppoeition and liberation 
in the society today-the revolutionary young, women', 
liberation, labor, and oppreaeed minoritiee. They _k 
private solutions to what mon correctly are public 
iaaues: picking up litter rather than attacking the pr0-
duction of junk; refusing to use autos rather than strug. 
gling against oil and the auto manufacturere-to be 
merely ~Vl!. 

But moet important, the "new breed of young con-
servationiati" f8ila to iee that the crisis of the environ· 
ment truly is but a refiectiOl1 of the criaia of this cul-
ture itee1f, of the values, institutiona, and procedures 
which have for lOme 200 years systematically guided the 
,laughter of human and all other fonna of life at home 
and abroad. These tendencies were demonstrated too 
well by a recent llelection of "youth" hand-picked by 
the Department of State to participate in the U.S. Com· 
miaaion for UNESCO Conference on Man and His En· 
vironment in San Franciaco iaat month. Virtually all 
"prorrams" SUll',ested by these participants lent cre-
dence to the status quo by advocating "better" candi· 
dates, new ecolOlY colleges, yet additional "research," 
and more jobs for conservation·minded college kids. 
. The barraie of petitions and letters to the President 
was rreeted by the conference "adults" with adulation, 
for the kids turned out to be ''reasonable men" just 88 
their parents. The popular press billed their perform· 
ance 88 revolutionary-defined as "non-violent," get. 
your-man·in-office, and increased student participation. 
But the role of our benign media ,088 much further. 

By and larse, the media have purpoeely obscured the 
political and aocial content of the environmental crisis 
by eonfiniDI problema aa well aa solutions solely to the 
reahil of acience and technology. The result is that blind 
faith in the omnipotence of expertise and technocracy 
wholly dominates current thinking on ecological iaaues. 
Technolotrical innovation and more reaaonable methoda 
of rMOuree allocation cannot pouibly reverse the pre-
sent logic of the environment unieaa the overriding 
political, social and economic framework which haa 
actually generated that trend is radically rebuilt. Such 
a transformation cannot reside solely in the realm of 
culture and valu_aa moet often proposed by the youth· 
ful elites of conservation. The critical task today is to 

raise the iaaue imperi~tic 
styl. of conaumption and of over-population to a poli· 
tical status in order to reveal an arena of political oppo-
sition in America which the Left has hitherto ignored. 
That is not tq say that the Left can simply absorb the 
ecological criaia into its own kind of "business Y '-'lIual" 
behavior. For the patterns of life in which moet of us 
partake are not much different than those of the rulin, . 
cl .... This is not to IIY that true solutions reside in 
private action, but that public transformation without 
an entirely different style of life is futile. Thus ~e de-
velopment of an ecolotical politics on a practical level 
may provide the only framework in which the alienated 
and oppretlMd can achieve true liberation. 

That potential for liberation doesn't lie in the Save the 
Bay campaifnl, the protection of a redwood grove or 
planned parenthood_ It does not reside alone in the culturally 
symbolic acta oi many ecology action rroUpl around 
the country. The true orilin of what haa yet to become 
an authentic movement is in the Peoples Park episode, 
in militant actions against c:>rporate despoilers (includ· 
ing llbotage) and in the private as well as public at· 
tempts to create ecologically BOund liv~. 

While the traditional conservationists have made no 
imaginative attempt to understand what our cities would 
look like without autos, with decentralized agriculture or 
power, with neighborhood control and rationed resources, 
save for a few acant efforts, the Left, With few excep-
tions, has been equally derelict. "Radical" economiata 
.till contemplate growth·motivated economies grounded 
in falee notions of affluence and unlimited reaoUrce&_ 

The New Left baa at this point made little serious ef-
fort to understand or relate to the politice of ecology. 
While the battlea in the streets appear more pressing 
and more direct, it ought to be understood that unless 
something very basic and very revolutionary ia done 
about the continued deetruction of our life support sys-
tems, there may well be no wind to weather in the near 
future_ 

Diamiaeinl over·population 88 simply a matter of geno-
cide, efforts to take back the land as boU1'l'eois or the 
neceaeity for clean air and water aa a hlllury, completely 
fail to grasp what, can only properly be understood 88 a 
matter of life or death. 

The taak of ecological radicals is to continually raise 
those iuues which aort those which would aeek to patch 
up the statue quo from those who struggle for basic trans· 
formation. The polarization of the rulers and the ruled 
is the authentic growth of any true movement for libera-
tion. When coneeivationiata argue that everyone ia in the 
same boat (or on the same raft), that everyone must work 

•• April Twenty-second, Ni teen Seventy-- Earth Day • • 
A collaboration between en- considered the possibility of I project stands a fair chance of coastal lagoons from develop-

lightened bureaucrats and out· using this large and diverse getting financial support from ment. All of the above groups are 
side organizations interested in project as a vehicle for S D -I ego P I-t - the county (call EDNA for workin~ on ~, as are many 
good government is now establishing new contacts, and an 0 I I CS details). people III agencIes of t~e C?unty 
developing in the county. Such a perhaps new groups. There may At present the means of student governme~t.. ~e'Y technical Ideas 
strong infusion of non-establish- be many possible levels of input participation in all this appears and ~e~al llll~atlves are needed 
ment thinking could have a very and participation as the project to be through joining IlllY of the ~n thIS Ite~. Simple body support 
positive effect on this movement, develops. going a reorganization which will .~ up and beginning to coordinate a existing organizations working 18 some~es ';18eful, as, for 
and it is in fact being sought by Eventually it would be lead to the development of an A~ltr Jokel. nwnber of committees and other on environmental issues, in- exam~le, m public ~earin~s. The 
both parties. desirable to establish a meanS by agency responsible for brokering ScrillPs Student organizations to monitor, sup- eluding Citizens Coordinate, the ~xperlence of de~~ Wlth ~e 

San Diego is already which government agencies such contacts. port, and otherwise interact with Sierra Club, Audubon Society, ISSues and people IS ~teresting 
recognized by the national could turn to outside groups On the public side, the Citizens the individuals and institutions Del Mar Wildlife Association, and the knowledge of how the 
association of counties as an s--both official and unofficial-to Coordinate has recently re- making decisions for us. One of etc., or by getting in touch with system really ~perates ~an be 
exemplary government. How· handle or to help with problems formed ibelf into a general1lur- the committees is currently some of the ad hoc and valuable:-partlcular~y I~ you 
ever, there is much room for they are aware of, but lack either pose vehicle for public and trying to promote a summer ephemeral groups that appear ho~ to lDlprove on It WlthOut 

torether, temperinf their actione to suit the imperativea 
of coalition, they are in fact arguing for the further con-
solidation of power and profit in the handa of those re-
sponsible for the present dilemma. 

There is no easy way to summarize exactly how the 
Movement must r espond to the growing politice of ecol-
ogy. Publishing .pecial magazine editions and flimay at-
tacks on ueewermen" will not do. Few models exiet to 
lend direction to orranizing efforts. Already throughout 
the country people have been orranized !lround indus-
trial accidents and health hazards, consumer boycotts, 
women's liberation and the nuclear family, the extinc· 
tion of animal species or the struille againat a new high· 
way. 7 fli. i. just the i1ellinni1lll. This winter and spring we 
can expect a lleries of radical ecololica1 acti.ons: the 
bombing of more corporate heatlquarters, sabotage to the 
industrial machinery that poUutes, and obstruction at air· 
ports and other transportation corridors. 

It is safe to suggest that orranizing around environment-
al illues that faill Immediately to lead to the political 
causes and implicationa of that peril is miaguided. For 
too long eco news and reports have begun and ended with 
nature-without understanding that nature itself is today 
the product of manipulation by man. We should have 
learned from the Peoplea Park that the road ahead will be 
perilouB and paved with a life-and-death strug,le. If the 
State of California would defend a parking lot with the 
life of one person and the shooting of another 150, ima-
line the coat of taking back a forest, preventing an off· 
ahore drilling rig from being pla.ced, blocking the con· 
struction of a nuclear power plant or tam,3)erin, with 
the power/ communication/ foodltransport systema which 
make America grow_ But tlu! sooner thi8 ooppertIJ tlu! 
be tier. The aooner the spirit of the Peoples Park hap-
pens the better. The sooner the spirit of the Peoples Park 
mfuses every ecololical action, the brighter will De our 
chances to insure the conditions for our survival-and, 
beyond that, a decent society. 

Educating "the people about the impending ecological 
disaster" without pointing to poaaible Corma of action 
available is, at this point, a dieeervice to the Movement. 
As people engage in direct struggle against the Con edi· 
sons, the Standard Oila, the pollution control agencies 
and the United Fruit Companies of the world, more and 
more new inBights for strategy will develop. What haa 
been happening to poor whites and black. for several 
hundred years, what America has done to the Vietnam· 
ese, America is now doinl to its own population, en 
ma .. e_ The organizing implications of this aingle fact 
may be profound. In a world of total biological slavery, 
liberation is the very condition of Life itself. To fail 
does not mean rrowing up absurd-but not growing up at 
all. -

-From Lii1erqtion 

the 33 
Member 

S.n Di"o Symphony 
Ch.mblr Oreh,.'r. 

improvement, and even a direct the resources or the authority to professional involvement in study institute to involve and from time to time. A current item havmg to start over. . 
assault upon the aged County deal with them. San Diego County public affairs relating to environ. inlonn students directly as in· of considerable long range im- P~~haps ~e most unportant 
Charter will probably be greeted goverrunent is CWTenUy under- mental Quality. '!bey are setting terns in the various agencies. The plication Is the preservation of dec~lons thlS y~ar of long te~ 
with thanks both from inside and enmorunental unportance will 
outside the government. be made by the general public, 

The government agencies voting in June and again in 
themselves have recently ex- Nove~ber .. Students can have .a 

The Envlronmen'al Crisis lulle'in, 
that wonderful , non-par'isan, non-
profit public.tion dedic.ted to the 
ecological preservation of the worla, 
is sent FREE to .nyone who WAnts to 
know whAt CAn be done to help .. ve 
what is left of our Eu'h . The bulletin 
needs money, cllrlcal.help, calend.r 

entries, .rticles, letters, .tc. Pie." 
mlil your contributions and requests 
to be on 'he ma iling list to : 

Environmental Cris is Bulle'in 
Sureau for Environmental Des ign 

sl.ke Hall Revelle College 
UCSD P .O. 80)( 109 

L. Jolla , C.liforni. 92037 

a.ch-- Brandenburg Concerto No. 2 in F. 
a.rtak -- Divertimento for str ings. 

INTERM:SSION 
Hinson. Haw.rd- Seranade for Flute , 

Harp, & strings , Opus 35. 
Hlydn-- Cello Concer to in D. 

RI"ithi·- The Birds (Gli Uccelli) 
ucso Gvm April 26 Sun. evl' . 7:30 

500 L' ress (;1T(~1E: 512.50 each 
20')1: 'G'c!:l. "a m. S2 . - Patron $1.50 - - ASCCSlJ :- : 

Also Igor Kipnis, harpsichordist, appears at 
SherwoOll ttall on May 9th at 8:30 p,m, 

T;CKETS .\ rA ILA BLE 
NOW AT .tXSO CE='TRAl. BOX OFFICE, l'REY HALL 
!,r" 13y. PH0.'\E RFSEP.\'ATlf,=,S .\CCF.PTED AT: 

453 ... 1. 

pressed in several ways an in- significant. lDlpact br i?ining ~ 
terest in involving students and the camp~gns. A maJ~r Item ~ 
other academics in government be the chOIce of whether to ralse 
affairs. Mayor Curran now has a the interest rate on bon~ of the 
Social Sciences Advisory Com- State Water Project. Turnmg this 
mittee, a group of academics down would result in a delay in 
whose chief assignment is to find the development of much of 
ways of making city government Southern California, possibly 
more responsive and participa- including much of the local back 
tory. country. Also on the State level, 

The county government has races for Governor ~d Senator 
recently discussed plans for an scarcely need .mentlon. In. the 
institute to involve academic County, the chOIce o~ S~rVlsors 
prople in studies of the county for the 4~ and 5~ ~StrlCts of the 
environment, chiefly to set long Coun.ty WIll be S!gniflCant. Two of 
range environmental goals. The the fIve supervIsors have shown 
regional Comprehensive Plan- themsel v.es . to . be very 
ning Organization has recently progressl~e In envIronmental 
undertaken plans for a massive matters. Smce they are not up for 
environmental conservation re-election, the new men could 
study, a systematic and detailed swing the board either way. A3 a 
investigation of the inter. final item, if it ever comes. to 
connected effects of various prosecuting polluters, the chOIce 
types of pollution and develop- of District Attorney may also be 
ment. This study could logically Important this year. 'All. of the 
involve elements of the campus candidates for office this year 
on a professional level, if any are, of course, sounding like 
were interested. The CPO has lP'eat envtronmentaliats .. 

THE KING Of ILUIS 

B.B.KING 
FRI. APRIL 24 
THE PALAC 

Triton Times April 21, 1970 Page 5 



Take a Breath 

and Taste the Air 
Clarke Gilulding 

Air Pollution Control Board 
Smog is the product of people living in an 

industrial age. Almost all hwnan activity 
produces waste in addition to the desired 
product, and when released to the at-
mosphere, that waste becomes air 
pollution, or smog. This by-product of our 
way of life becomes critical when people 
and their activities become concentrated 
and accelerated, as they are in every 
urban area. Some 2500 tons of pollutants 
pour into the air in San Diego County every 
day. Most of them, about 70 to 80 per cent, 
come from automobiles . The rest come 
from industrial and commercial 
operations, open burning, and various 
other activities . Of the 2500 tons of 
pollutants going into the air daily, about 
1750 tons, or 70 per cent, are carbon 
monoxide (CO ). Five hundred tons, or 20 
per cent, are organic compounds called 
hydrocarbons ( HC ). Nitrogen oxides 
(NOx) account for about 175 tons, or per 
cent of the total . The balance is particuiate 
matter. 

The ability of an urban air mass to 
assimilate and disperse pollutants is a 
function of several meteorological factors , 
the most important of which are wind 
speed and direction and the temperature 
profile of the air mass. Normally, the air 
gets colder with distance from the sur· 
face ; this allows vertical mixing and 
dispersion of pollutants. This mixing 
becomes limited, however, when there is a 
"temperature inversion," which occurs 
when a ceiling of warm air forms above 
the cooler and heavier air nearer the 
ground. 

Certain of the pollutants trapped 
beneath an inversion will undergo a 
complex series of chemical reactions 
triggered by the SWl 'S rays. This reaction 
and the secondary pollutants resulting 
from it represent a special form of air 
pollution generally called "photochemical 
smog." With its SWI and a persistent in-
version condition, southern California is 
unfortunately the home of photochemical 
smog , though not to the exclusion of other 
parts of the country. 

Smog stings the eyes, nose and throat, 
affects breathing , reduces visibility, 
makes rubber crack, and damages 
growing plants. Southern California smog 
can cut the yield of a citrus tree by 50 per 
cent. 

from a 1960 car. State standards are also 
being developed to deal with diesel 
emissions, and aifcraft have been the 
subject of recent regulatory legislation. 

The air pollution control regulations 
which became effective in San Diego 
County January 1,1969, were approved by 
the Board of Supervisors on November 6, 
1968. These rules apply in the San Diego 
County Air Basin, which is designated as 
the coastal slope of the county below an 
elevation of 2,000 feet. The regulations pro-
hibit open burning, except under approved 
conditions, and control the emission of 
smoke, dust and odors from industrial and 
commercial operations . Under this 
program, open burning ended on July 1, 
1969, and is now legal only in a multiple 
chamber incinerator of an approved type. 
The only exceptions are fires used in 
agricultural operations, fire fighting 
training and fire hazard prevention and, 
until June , 1970, in disposal of certain 
types of construction debris. 

Permits are required for construction 
and operation of industrial or commercial 
equipment which could contribute to air 
pollution. The permit system makes it 
possible to require equipment that will 
reduce pollutants efficiently. 

The Air Pollution Control District of San 
Diego County has kept continuous records 
of oxidant levels since 1956. Technical 
instruments , located at strategic points 
throughout the county, continuously 
measure the wind, sample the air, and 
record the levels of pollution related to the 
production of smog. This gives Us a picture 
of our wind and air patterns and levels of 
air pollution. The records show that oxi-
dant levels have increased. Since 1956, the 
average of the highest one-hour con· 
centration each day during the year has 
risen from 0.052 parts per million to 0.077 
ppm. The State Department of Public 
Health has set an oxidant standard of 0.10 
ppm for one hour as the standard index of 
adverse air pollution. This standard is 
exceeded on many days of the year in San 
Diego County, most often in the summer 
and fall. 

Every experience with the problem to 
date demonstrates that, unless measures 
are taken to prevent it, air pollution in-
creases as people and their activities in-
crease. Thus, a certain level of control is 
required just to keep the problems from 
getting any worse, and an even greater 
control effort is required to roll pollution 
levels back in the face of continuing 
growth. In California, the official objective 
is not just to hold the line but to reduce 
emissions to a level similar to that of about 
1940, when air pollution was not a signifi-
cant problem. 

Much of the action required to meet such 
an objective can be accomplished by 

Scientists arE' studying the relationships government (federal, state, and local ) 
of air pollutio" to lung cancer, tissue with present authority and present or 
~damage and respiratory diseases such as likely technology, but more will be 
bronchitis, err:pbysema and bronchial required. Every individual has an essen-
asthma. Critic;: 1 levels of air pollution are tial role to play and specific things he can~ 
determined as the result of such studies. do to help meet the goal . Almost everyone 

The State of California has preempted drives a car , and therefore has a responsi. 
the control of r.1obile sources of air poilu. bility to see that his car is in top operating 
tion. This decision was based upon the conuHiun, especially the air pollution 
prevalence of "utos as THE air pollution control systems. An effort could be made 
problem throu ~Hout the State, and the to combine trips , to use a car with a 
inefficiency thut would result from frag- smaller engine (and less emissions ), etc. 
mented local c mlrol efforts. No one really interested in clean air 

State emissit.n standards are becoming should dispose of any refuse by burning, no 
more and more stringent. Standards from matter how insignificant the quantity. 
1970 model cars and light trucks for the Everyone should assist the existing 
first time included evaporative losses agencies by calling their attention to 
from carburetor and gas tank. Standards possible air pollution problems. Everyone 
for 1971 models will for the first time must become an informed advocate for 
reduce nitrogen oxide emissions. Total clean air and urge his acquaintances to do 
emissions permitted from a 1970 model car likewise. Finally, clean air advocates 
are about 30 per cent of a comparable 1960 must recognize that air is no longer free if 
model. Those permitted from a 1975 model they want it clean ; there is now a price 
will be about 10 per cent of the em issions attached, but one worth paying. 
Page 6 Triton Times April 21, 1970 

KOIogJ n. ICOIIOII, ••• 
It follows that the cost of restoring optimally dirty air will be bome by everyone : the 

>ccasional hand-wringings that we witness over the fact that the costs of pollution control 
·ill be passed on to the conswner are correct in their prediction, but misguided in their 
"ncem. There is no way that the spreading of the costs can be avoided. (We may eat too 
• ch candy, because it is cheap, and incur tooth rot; but having discovered the decayed 
wth, we cannot expect Nestle or Peter Paul to foot our dental bills because we 
'rindulged in their lowi»riced products. The problem of who pays for pollution 

Juction is equally simple, and if we seek to pin the blame for air pollution on a small 
I thy-apitalist-proftteer beneficiary clus, and try to clear up air pollution by burning 
c.:)8e witches, then we're just simolv on the wrOIUl: track.) 
:be standard way to attack the problem of pollution is to limit, through direct 
r~' ulation or some sort of subsidy, the amount of pollutant produced by various 
}oj !uters. The difficulties with ~ approach will be discussed shortly. Of more im. 

cdiate interest is the lack of imagination revealed by the approach. Stuffing a gadget 
_ ~ 0 an exhaust pipe to reduce air pollution is on the same level of sophistication as 

;Ilfing DDT on a bug to reduce crop damage, and it displays the same sort of 
N C ..... • lareneaa of the complezity, subtlety and evolutionary nature of the system affected. 

i J ay have some effect on the problem in the short run, and may even have enough good 
'9"19 cts to outweigh the bad, 88 is true of DDT. But legislation requiring gadgets in tail 
. ..- .,\, cannot be the best solution to the problem, and reliance on such crude "solution" 
. '011 ":11y postpones the day when the real solution will be found. 

" '!yer,One ••• shu'" pa, tile S8e price for 
eacll .it of pollution lie produces.' 

A - I . n effective program for controlling air pollution mliit necessarily go deeper, toward 
dl . real causes for pollution. Why are there too many automobiles burning too much 
'lO~ ~ .• ;aline in excessively dirty engines? Why is the electric generating plant located where 

.1 1t is and burning the fuel that it is? Why do tract housing developers install electric 
;;.. ranges instead of gas ranges, a move that increases the emissions from generating 
1 smokestacks? The list of questions of this type can be lengthened almost indefinitely, and 
n' sh ce it is not feasible to undertake detailed answers for all the questions on the list, a 
11 ' more general line must be pursued. Why is it that people at every stage, from consumer 
,'" n producer to designer, make the wrong decisions on these issues? What social control 

L. E. RuH and D. Orr '':II. n • ..:hanisms usually act to keep these individual decisions in line with the social interest, 
Department of Economics 1)... 8'ld why have these mechanisms failed to do so in the case of air pollution in Los Angles? 

oJ E ,w can we supplement the deficient natural control mechanisms, so that the problem 
Ecology is the study of the relationships among living ~rganimLs UI their en· ·iv· \0, Jl take care of itself and so that the evolution of the system over time will ameliorate 

vironments; economy is the study of the way that mankind has organized to allocate is' r ther than exacerbate the problems? It is by asking ~d answering these questions that 
scarce resources among competing uses. The two subjects have more than a misspelled !In' L1 " real solution will be found. 
Greek syllable in common - that ecology is today of wide concern is in no small part due · .' ~ Pursuing this line of questioning soon leads to the conclusion that the missing control 
to the poor job that man, in his political guise, has done of applying what has long been () .r.,echanisms are markets, and the missing signals are prices. Individuals and firms 
W1derstood about economy. It will be possible in this short article to layout, and (in over- :1 !JOllute because the price of waste disposal in the environment is nominally zero; the 
simple form) to trace the implications of a few important ideas that activists have . "ice is zero becuase the resources involved are not owned by anyone who can exact a 
persistently ignored in their discussions of the polity, and will no doubt continue to ignore nrice for their use. The air is overused as a garbage dump for the same reason that the 
as they indulge their concern over the environment. The ideas, or as we will call them, _ 'eeways are overcrowded and water supplies are always inadequate; the users do Dot 
principles, are: ay the full cost of the services they use. The solution follows directly; force Individuals 

Principle 1: Material gain is a dominant incentive to us humans. ;) pay for the services they use, and the natural control mechanisms will do the rest . The 
Principle 2: There's no such thing as a free lunch. (The misperceptions of Walter recise manner in which individuals can be made to pay for their pollution depends on 

Cronkite notwithstanding, this idea did not originate with Paul Ehrlich) . ne particular problem involved. Since there are several types of pollution, each having a 
Principle 3: All good things can be indulged to excess, whereupon they cease being b Lifferent effect, several different prices are needed. The operative principle that governs 

good. enforcement is that everyone pays in proportion to the amount of polluting that he does, 
Principle 1 has always been the despair of reformers. Clever theologians have un- and the seriousness of the effects of his polluting. There are obvious enforcement 

derstood principle 1 and put it to work, by depicting a heaven with streets paved with I )roblems associated with this principle, particularly where the source of pollution is not 
gold ; those theologians have typically been more successful than their less clever p 'tationary,like an automobile. Suffice it to say that approximation methods and com-
brethren, who tried to change hwnan nature by direct appeal. Clever social reformers q , romises can easily be envisioned which will do a good job of approaching the ideal. 
can use principle 1 in the service of their goals too, as we will see presently. 1 i:veryone, whether a corporation, a municipality, an airline, or an individual, should pay 

Principle 2: This one can be amended to sult our purposes by the phrase "and there's 1 .he same price for each unit of pollution that he produces. _ 
no such thing as free refuse disposal, either." As impressive as the short-term effects of such a system would be, the long-term ef-

Principle 3 can be illustrated by iodine in the human diet - too little means goiter, too i ects would be even more important. For unlike most of the more traditional methods 
much means even greater discomfort. j >ased on direct regulation of polluters, the price system, by providing the proper signals 

Crowding and wealth lead to ecological problems, we know - oil spills, campfire smog .t .hroughout the entire system, encourages the sort of evolutionary change which can 
in the Yosemite Valley, pelican and osprey eggs thin-shelled from too much DDT in the 1 'educe the pollution problem at low cost. The higher prices and lower profits of 
fish oil . Closer to home, we may bewall the inevitability of smog from auto emissiOns, the 'pollution intensive" goods will encourage consumers to buy and investors to invest 
ticky-tacky jungle enveloping Mt. Soledad and Torrey Pines Mesa, and the Del Mar :!s ·lsewhere. Demand for cleaner cars and for alternatives to automobile transportation, 
outfall's implications for Scripps beach surfers. "u uduced by high fuel taxes and registration fees, will force manufacturers to provide 

Principle 2, in amended form, tells us that to use the air as a dumping ground for the ) f(' ·:.Ire "rational" cars, and will make mass transit a paying proposition. Higher com-
waste products of locomotion only looks like a cheap way out. Up to a point, the benefits 1m .. .lting costs will force individuals and firms to relocate, shortening commuting 
of this dwnping strategy greatly exceed the costs: the benefits are measured in terms of ~u' oI; ,~tanceS. Higher prices for power will encourage the design of homes which use less 
the convenient and desired goods and services produced, and the small dollar outlays in .,), :ating and air conditioning, reducing the number of power plants "needed" in the 
producing them; the costs are the wastes which (up to a point) are hardiy noticeable ';, .lture. And the tax revenues, which may be significant, can be used to provide public 
because of the phenomenal ability of the atmosphere to absorb and dissipate them .• But .~ oods such as parks and schools, and to ameliorate the effects of economic dislocations, 
there comes a point, according to principle 3, when the strategy of dwnping is overdone . "'I ; educing the burden of more traditional and inefficient forms of taxation. 

• 

'We want optimall, dirt, air-
air that is used, "ut not a~used ••. ' 
Thu~, we explain the mess in L,~. by saying that a scarce resource (the waste disposal 1 

capacity of the atmosphere) is bemg overused, because it is being given "away· and the 
consequences of this "gift" are dire - more dire than the sales pitch or the dull speech '1 
that are the price paid by the "free lunch" recipients. Why do we go on fouling the air? 

Ther~ ~e two reasons: (1) Any individual can W1ilaterally stop polluting, with negligible 
benefit m terms of reduced pollution, but at a great cost to himself. To get gratifying 
results "everyone" must respond. (2) Nobody is in charge of the air - nobody owns it 
and suffers the loss of its degradation. There are no property rights in air, as there are in 
~d. ; no man ",,:ould tolerat.:, or would have to tolerate, the kind of abuse we inflid on the 

This edition of the Triton Times 
_s non-biodegradable and radio-

~ctive in addition. 

FUN AND MONEY 
~Sell Viviane Woodard cosmetics 

Learn make-up techniques. 
We train you. 

459-3684 

UNDER 30 .... ON ,SPECIAL NOW 

An environmental psychologist at-· 
tending a symposium on noise pollution in 
Cbicage last Ji'~ told the meeting, " It 
might be a good thing if people's ears 
would bleed- then people might get 
aroused. It may take a disaster like the 
Santa Barbara oil slick to dramatize the 
situation. " 

According to many scientists, the 
"environmental din" has doubled in the 
last fifteen years, and may double again in 
the next decade and a half. Background 
noise alone, in the average commWlity, 
has risen so sharply that it now exceeds 
the accepted standards of industry: More-
over, effective legislation and (of even 
more importance) effective noise regula-
tion codes are in their respective infancies, 
while the "auditory crisis" is rapidly 
becoming a severe malady. Is it the case, 
then, that we should pathetically accept 
the conclusion of Leo L. Beranek, who 
says, "It is clear that the basic problem is 
essentially incurable; noise is an unavoid-
able pHce we must pay for a machine 
civilization" ? 

No~mmonly defined as " unwanted 
soWld"-works on humans in two ways. It 
first causes deafness through deteriora-
tion of the microscopic hair cells that 
transmit sound from the ear to the brain. A 
single, very loud blast from a cannon, for 
instance, can destroy the non-regenerating 

What's All 
Steve Stryker 
Science Writer 

cells by the thousands. Constant exposure 
to noises commonplace in our society can 
cause slower deterioration, as the hair 
cells gradually rupture. In modern , "civil-
ized" society, most People have lost a 
portion of hair cells used for the "fine-
tWling" of sounds. 

The proof of industrialized man 's hair-
cell loss lies in an experiment conducted 
by Dr. Samue! lWsen, a leading New York 
otologist, who showed that aborigines 
living in the stillness of isolated Mrican 

villages can easily hear each other talking 
in low conversational tones at distances as 
great as 100 yards, and that their hearing 
ability diminishes little with age. 

Dr. Rosen swns up the physiological 
reaction to noise in this way : " Adrenalin is 
shot into the blood stream. The heart rate 
increases, and the blood vessels constrict. 
There are reactions in the intestines. The 
acute symptoms persist. Actually, they 
outlast the noise. You ~"y forgive the 
noise, but your body never will ." 

The second effect of noise upon hwnans 
is psychological , and therefore intensely 
personal. It relates not only to experience 
but also to mood. Fortune · magazine 
illuminates this effect with an example 
indicative of the worsening auditory en-
vironment in our cities : In New York City 
one evening about a year ago, four boys 
were at play, shouting and racing in and 
out of an apartment building. Suddenly, 
from a second""'tory window came the 
crack of a pistol. One of the boys sprawled 
dead on the pavement. The victim hap-
pened to be Roy Innis Jr., 13, son of a 
prominent Negro leader, but there was no 
political implication in the tragedy. The 
killer , also a Negro, confessed to police 
that he was a nightworker who had lost 
control of himself because the noise from 
the boys prevented him from sleeping. 

'The Noise 
About? 

These events are enough to make anyone 
by a day's end a "distraught silence-
pusher, strung~ut by noise." Studies of 
sleep patterns have shown that people 
never "get used to " noise ; on the contrary, 
the annoyance, and loss of sleep, worsen as 
the interruptions persist. This is the main 
reason why there is , rightly, such strong 
oppositiQn to the exposure of overpopu-
lated areas to the sonic booms of super-
sonic airliners, which would cause psychic 
havoc among millions. 

GULLS NEST PUB 
PRESENTS 

TUESDAyS .... 
MEXICAN DINNER 
two enchiladas 
beans and rice 60~ 
beer 3 5~ 
6:00 to 10:00 p.m. 

WEDNESDAyS .... 
HAPPY HOUR "DRINK-IN" 
hosted by Robert L. Collins 
KCBQ disc jockey 
hot hors d'ouvres free 
dr inks 50~ 
5:30- 8:30 p.m. IUr '. if ~e were mstead abusmg his pasture, woodlot, garden or well. Economic incentive (prmclple 1) would move him to legal action; and the law in its wisdom recognizing the 

bro.ad social benefit deriving from principle 1 properly 'channeled, would sustain his 
actlon. 

I Where Have All 
/The Buffalo Gone? SANDALS FOR STUDENTS ONLY! THURSDAyS .... 

It i~ easy to define and administer property rights in land, and other thing to do so for 
the air. Hence, e~erybody, acting collE7tively through mechanisms of government, must 
protect all ~he air.; no mechanism e~sts or can feasibly be constructed whereby each ti 
person , actlDg individually, protects hiS own defined air"",pace. Thus, the need for action /I 
IS clear, and the basis for coll~ctive action is established. What do our principles tell us c I 
about the forms that the achon should take? Principle 3 tells us that we can overdo !' 
pollution control just as we have overdone pollution. The goal is not "clean" air defined 
as ~ree of any ingredient traceable to human activity (the pantheistic nostalgia for a 
society of noble savages who pleased the namitou by conserving the environment is Just 
~ mu~h romantic t.waddle ). Rather, prinCiple 3 tells us that what we want opUmaUy 
dirty air - air that IS used , but not abused to the point of high cost to everyone; air that 
can serve the man who wants to breathe, and the man who wants to move quickly bet-
ween Tarzana and Fullerton. Principle 2 tells us that it will be costly to restore that kind 
of air - costly to everyone. We must recognize at the outset that " everyone" will derive 
benefit from cleaner air, just as "everyone" is presently deriving benefit from the ac-
tivities that lead to the pollution which we seek to eliminate. continued on pale 7 

The life saga of a young Indian 
·:lOy and his dog Ralph-Williams, 
lIld their travels through the 
{GrId of rock music in search 
f the last herd of American 
Ilffalo. . 
PrHICI" for KEBS-TV 

Chlnn.1 11i 
lay the E .... I Filii Group. 
(Don Bright & Lenny Bourin) 

THURS. APRIL 23 1:00 P.M. 
, .... , ra .... t 

SUN. APRIL 21 10:00 P.M. 

Reg. price $18.50 
Sale price $12.50 

SAVE $6.00!!! 
TWO WEEKS ONLYI 

Watch for later specials. 
REVELLE SUNDRIES STORE 

SPORTS, FIGHTS, AND OLD TIME FILMS 
7:30 p. m. 

FRIDAyS .... 
FOLK SINGERS "HOOT" NIGHT 
bring your guitar, banjo, ~tc . 
8:00p.m. ' I SATUROI\YS .. .. 

"LIVE TURTlE RACES" 
enter your own turtle 
8:00 p.m. 

3595 SPORTS ARENA DRIVE 
SAN DIEGO 

Triton Times Apri I 21, 1970 Page 7 



E 

c 

o 

L 

o 

G 
y 
, 
• 

, 
• 

e 

In the beginning, It was very simple: 
each home had its own privy, a well, and 
a bucket on a rope. It was difficult to 
make the privy esthetically attractive, 
but it seldom bothered the neighbors. And 
the flies were shared by everyone. Then 
the march of progress brought a pump 
and inside piped water. This made 
possible the inside flush toilet, which did 
away with the privy, the odors and the 
flies. 

The trouble was, a flush toilet must 
have some place to flc w to. The answer 
was the deep cesspool, from which the 
water would gradually seep away and in 
which the solids would eventually 
decompose. But (and here we come 
across the first of many frustrations in 
environmental control), seepage from 
deep cesspools quickly contaminated the 
wells in the vicinity. People were made 
sick and many died in local epidemics of 
water-borne disease such as typhoid 
fever. I 

The demands of public health brought 
about another step in the march of 
progress: the community water supply. 
The toy. n fathers, or some enterprising 
group of businessmen would raise money 
to go to the nearest stream or lake, or to 
drill a deep well that was safely Isolated. 
The dangerous private wells were put out 
of business, and neighborhood epidemics 
were considerably reduced. 

Population Growth A Problem 

But (and here comes frustration 
number 2)' the town with a nice climate 
and a good water supply naturally at-
tracted some new people, new homes, 
new factories and businesses . All of this 
created more water-carried sewage. 
Soon the cesspools and their more 
scientific progeny, the septic tanks, were 
receiving more flow than the soil could 
take . Neighborhood squabbles grew into 
commun ity disgraces . Sewage obviously 
belonged somewhere else; not running 
down the streets and ponding in back 
yards . 

" In order to protect the health and 
we lfare of the commun ity," sewers ' 
would have to be constructed to some 
distant place where there was no one 
around to complain! 

A r iver was the preferred place to go 
with a sewer , as the input would keep 
moving away from town . San Diego had 
no dependable rivers so the bays and 
isolated stips of beach were the obvious 
places to go with the early-day sewers . 
Each t ide would pretty well "remove the 
evidence." This worked suprislngly well 
for over 50 years, with nature doing h~r 
usual efficient job. (It was during this era 
that the old time Sewer Engineers' creed 
was developed, " TH E SOLUTION TO 
POLLUTION IS DILUTION".) 
First Treatment Plant 

Then came preparation for World War 
I I, together with an explod ing population 
and the stepped -up Navy activity in San 
Diego Bay . The great increase in sewage 
i11Put to the bay and the increasing 
numbers of ships created an impossible 
situat ion . In 1940-43 the City, with 
Federal help, bui lt an interceptor system 
stretch ing all the way from La Jolla 
Shnrpc; to National City, picking up the 
discharge from som 40 outfall sewers . 
The collected flow was delivered to a 
new, modern treatment plant next to the 
Navy Repair Base, and the treated ef-
f luent was discharged to the bay, where 
dilution was cons idered quite adequate 
for 14 m i ll ion gallons a day. The Age of 
Eng ineered Solut ions had arrived in San 
Diego ! 

Roy E. Dodson 

I
This ~~ CDOnlinlted by Rich 

H .... lich, f.11II,. ediIDr. Asst. Water Utilities Director 

Page 8 Triton Times 

Additionll copies lVIillble in 
n offic., NW comer B ..... 

Apri I 21, 1970 

san Diego's first treatment facilities 
Norked beautifully, helped by nature and 
a nice, clean San Diego Bay; for all of 3 or 

~ years, that is. By 1949 the treatment 
plant had to be expanded to handle 40 
million gallons per day. Three short 
years' later even that was outgrown, and 
poorly treated sewage was again en-
tering the bay. The same thing was 
happening to all of the neighboring 
communities. It was the "overflowlng 
cesspools" story of the old days, only on a 
massive and concentrated scale. 

In 1960, all of the communities In the 
area finally got together and formed the 

Communities Joined 
Metropolitan Sewerage Project. Instead 

. of establishing another independent layer 
! of government with its attendant 
overhead, the communities decided to 
hire the City of San Diego to perfor-m 
sewage disposal services for them. The 
citizens of San Diego voted to construct 
the $50 mill ion Metropolitan System and 
the City agreed to operate it for the 
benefit of the entire area, charging other 
communities only their share of the 
actual costs. 

As pointed out earlier, treatment of 
sewage is one thing; disposal is another. 
After exhausttve studies by marine 
scientists and engineers, extending over 
ten years, it was finally concluded that 
the safest, surest, and most economical 
solution was to combine the best of 
modern liquid -solid separation 
techniques with the age-old disposal 
technique of dilution. A remarkable set of 
conditions presented Itself off Point 
Loma: deep, cold water relatively close 
to shore; a strong, dependable current, 
usually parallel to and seldom toward the 
coast; and a relatively Isolated, con-
trolled location on the shore itself. Seven 
years of experience and meticulous 
ocean monitoring have proven the ex-
cellence of this site, rated as the best and 
safest deep ocean outfall on either coast. 
And San Diego Bay? It now has a clean 
sparkle that hasn't been observed for at 
least 50 years . 

Reuse a Possibility 

"What about reuse?" is a logical 
question at this point. Considerable study 
was given to possible reclamation 
schemes during the planning of the Metro 
system. The consulting scientists and 
.engineers concluded that any potential 
reclamation projects would not alter the 
necessary treatment and disposal works, 
but· that the system as designed would 
lend itself to any feasible projects later 
on . 

this brings us to a brief look at the 
future. San Diego Is pursuing a multl-
pronged program of laboratory research 
an~ plant-scale operations, all pointing to 
the best possible combination of sewage 
reclamation and safe disposal. This 
actually started nearly 15 years ago, 
when the first digested sewage sludge 
was hauled to barren, sandy Islands 
whlch would some day be Mission Bay 
Park. The verdure that we see there 
today is due, in great measure, to the 
placement of the City's thoroughly 
treated sewage sol ids so as to create rich 
soi lout of sand. 

Sewage is being reclaimed by the City 
and used to irrigate ornamental plantings 
at the Gulf General Atomic Laboratories 
adjacent to the University, and to irrigate 

,,, 

two 18-hole golf courses and street 
plantings at Rancho Bernardo. The latter 
case is the first and only one in San Diego 
County were the reclaimed water ac-
tually is sold to help defray the high cost 
of treatment. The community of Santee Is 
famous for its pioneering in the complete 
renovation of sewage; and although 
Santee's projec:;t has required con -
siderable financial subsidy, It has 
hopefully paved the way for more 
econom ical processes to follow. 

New Idea Being Pursued 

The City of San Diego is pursuing an 
entirely new concept in Its laboratories at 
Point Loma. Well into Its second year is a 
research project financed entirely by the 

' Water Utilities Department, on the use of 
the reverse osmosis membrane 
technique to produce pure water from 
raw sewage. The go~1 of this project is to 
develop a simple "package" plant which 
would be totally enclosed (no odors, no 
noise, no flies); which would produce 
high quality water for any purpose, 
anywhere along a trunk sewer; and 
which would be fully automatic. The 
findings so far look very promi6lng. The 
fayorable economics of this technique 
would, for the first time, make sewage 
'reclamation a practical scheme 
anywhere, not just In Isolated, hand-

pic~ed instances. 

We've Come A Long Way 

From all this it may be concluded that 
"i!! community and its sewage" Is not a 
simple relationship, nor do Its problems 
have simple, black-and-white solutions. 
In any event, San Diego has come a long 
way from the backyard privy to the very 
successful Metropolitan sewerage 
system. It has cost many millions of 
dollars, but the monthly cost per person 
has been less than 75 cents. And the 
important thing is that the dommunlty's 
environment is being protected from the 
dangers of sewage far better than it was 
50 years ago. Once In awhile there Is a 
happy ending after alii 


