
tl 
F,id." MB, 15, 1970 

i 

; Academic Senate Leayes 
Much Unfinished Business 

Jim Sills 
Staff Writer 

Meeting on Tuesday and Wednesday the Academic Senate of UCSD 
approved a resolution calling for" .... reduction of UCSD's dependence 
on research funds from military and defense- oriented agencies." A 
motion to tenninate all such research immediately was tabled. 
'Meeting in USB 2722, the faculty set up a joint student-faculty-staff 

committee to look into the research issue. The committee was in-
structed to find ways of reducing military research administered by 
UCSD. The committee is composed of four faculty, four students, and 
two research staff members. This, the first of eight proposed 
resolutions, took up the entire Tuesday meeting. 

The Wednesday meeting was occupied by Professors Bracken and 
Norton's motion. It read: 
Resolved: The San Diego Division of the Academic Senate urges the 

immediate implementation of a policy whereby all research funded by 
military or defense-oriented public or private agencies, and carried 
out Wlder the auspices of the University of California at San Diego, be 

tennin~ted forthwith . 
We also urge that this same policy be adopted by all other campuses 

of the University ... ," 

The Andemlc Senate, m eeting Tun day and Wednesday, Is 
seen here deep In debate oyer the Issues of war·rela ted 

research and the rest of the quarter's academ Ie work. 

Professor Doolittle presented an amendment to this resolution which 
would dun the professor's salaries 20 to SO per cent to pay the salaries 
of g Iduate students and others who would lose their jobs in an im-
mec lte end of defense research. This amendment was defeated 119 to 
92. )ther amendments were defeated, but finally a resolution by 
Wal ~r Kohn was substituted for the Norton resolution. This, sub-
stitl ,ed resolution was then defeated. The net effect was zero, after 
three hours of heated debate. Regents Likely to Rehire 

Angela Davis This Morning The Senate tried to re-<!onvene Wednesday night but were turned away by irate students who were in USB 2722 in a class of Bill Wilde's . Academic Senate Vice-Chairman William Frazier asked Wilde's class to leave so the Senate could continue their meeting. About ISO students 
refused to leave, saying that "this is our class, you can 't break it up." 
Frazier replied that he had not known the room would be in use . He 
then adjourned the Senate until an emergency meeting could be 
called. 

Roger Showley 
News EdJtor 
San Francisco, Calif. 

The UC Board of Regents, 
meeting in executive session 
this mOrning in San Francisco, 
is expected to decide the case 
of Miss Angela Davis, the con-

troversial philosophy professor 
at UC LA, who was ordered fired 
by the board last fall. 

None of the Regents present 
at yesterday's committee mee-
ting would guess as to the 
outcome of the long-awaited 
climax to a year of conflict 
between Miss Davis and the 
Regents. 

But intimations from Lieu-
tenant Governor Ed Reinecke 
yesterday indicated that the 
Reagan administration is going 
to soft-peddle its earlier de-
mands that Miss Davis be fired 
after having taught for one aca-. 
demic year at UCLA. 

Speaking to reporters bet-
ween committee sessions, Rei-
ecke emphasized his stand that 

" Miss Davis should not be fired 
without due cause." 

Her avowed membership in 
the communist party, he said, 
could not constitute sufficient 
grounds for dismissal, "be-
cause we are not supposed to 
apply political tests to acade-
mic appointments. 

He added that he felt aca-
demic departments should also 
be willing not to apply political 
tests to awointments, if the 
regents did the same In re-
viewing such appointments. 

In reviewing the recent 
turmoil, the Lieutenant Gover-
nor, running for re-election with 
Governor Reagan this year, said 
that "It is unfortunate that Miss 
Davis' case has come up at 
this time. I believe that the 
great majority of students are 
trying to generate large-scale 
and peaceful activities on the 
campuses, but the question ot 
re-newing Miss Davis' contract 
for another year could negate 
any of these activities. 

The Angela Davis case has 
been batted around the state 
all year, as the Regents have 
tried to remove her and then 
have run up against restraining 
orders from ' the cour. 

Appointments for new profes-
sors are generally made for 
two-year periods, and the Re-
gents have never involved them-
selves in such academic detail 
until Miss Davis arrived at 
UCLA. 

From various sources at the 
Regents' meeting yesterday, it 
was learned that the UC chan-
cellors may back-up UCLA 
Chancellor Charles Young in his 
attempt to keep Miss Davis on 
his faculty. But if Reinecke's 
statements are any indication 
of Governor Reagan's attitudes, 
the chancellors may not have 
to confront the Regents in 
today's executive session. 

Reinecke, however, did say 
that he would not have appointed 
Miss Davis in the first place. 
But now that she is a faculty 
member, "I would be hard-
pressed to let her go simply 
because of her Co mmunist Party 
membership. " 

In other business, UC Pres-
ident Charles J. Hitch appeared 
very reluctant to follow the lead 
of Princeton University in in-
cluding two weeks of vacation 
before the November elections 
to allow students to work for 
candidates of their choice. 

"Princeton has rearranged 
its semester," he exp1a.1ned, 
"to add a few days at the be-
ginning of the term in Septem- . 
her, cancel Thanksgiving holi-
day, and add a few days in 
January." 
January." 

But since UC is committed 
to the quarter system, he said. 
it would be very difficult to 
make up ten days without con-
ructing with the summer ses-
sions at UCLA or UCB or with 
Christmas. 

Hitch indicated that he favored 

student involvement in political 
affairs, but questioned whether 
a mid-term vacation is the ap-
propriate course to take. 

"Aside from scheduling pro-
blems," he added, "lhave very 
mixed feeling about the advis-
ability of this type of action. 
I view it quite sceptically." 
Further discussion on the state 
of individual campuses was 
postponed until today's full 
board session. 

Several important resolutions remain to be considered. The " Parrish 
resolution" calls for the establishment of a campus-wide committee to 
review all research contracts to determine if they are defense-
oriented. Such contracts or grants would not b.e accepted. 

The resolution submitted by the Committee on Educational Policy 
(CEP) would provide for grading options for the rest of the quarter. 

The "Elliott resolution" calls for a denunciation of the war in Cam-
bodia. 

Another meeting of the Senate is scheduled for Saturday morn-
ing at 9:30 in HL Auditorium. 

.Strike Rallies 
Aztec Campus 

Bill Alaoglu 
StaHWriter 

"Aren't you going to allow education?" an angry 
woman asked student protesters through the locked 
doors of the occupied Air Force ROTC offices at San 
Diego State Colltge (SDSC). 
"This IS an education, ma'am," replied a student 

striker inside the barricaded building. 
This incident was one of several during a two-day 

occupation at SDSC that ended Tuesday night with 
th'e peaceful arrest of thirty-one students. The sit-in 
was part of a strike movement at San Diego State 
that has not resulted in a class stoppage but which 
has gained enthusiastic student support for various 
fonns of active protest against the war. 

The San Diego State strike opened with a vote by 
the Associated Student Council calling upon 
President Nixon to withdraw all troops from . 
Southeast Asia, and upon SDSC President Malcolm 
Love to immediately end ROTC and all war related-
research on campus, and to fulfill several other 
demands. 
Since then a large, well organized strike central in 

the Aztec Center has organized a letter-writing 
campaign, a community action effort (sending 
student teams into the community), several 
marches and rallies, and free University classes to 
replace bwliness as usual. 

According to staff members of the student 
newspaper, the DAILY AZTEC, class attendance is 
about 90 per cent of normal levels, but a member of 
the student government explained that many 
students support the strike activities but are still 
attending classes. 

The faculty are divided on the strike, but have 
voted to allow students to substitute for nonnal calls 
attendance and grading . . The faculty factions are 

San Diego Police are seen here eyicting students 
from the administratiye building at San Diego 
State Wednesday . The students had been in the 
building. protesting the presence of ROTC on 
campus, for four days . 

parelleled by a split in the student body, with groups 
of students labeled as "jocks and frats" specifically 
registering their protest against the strike 

The sit-in students were notified under a series of 
"escalating" warnings that clearly (xplained to the 
protestors both the Administration's intentions and 
what to expect from both the arresting officers and 
the courts. The students were given some time to 
discuss these matters, and a member (tb ad-
ministration joined them to answer qu tions. 
Following the students' decision to be arrest d 
rather than disperse, the San Diego police took 17 

mal~s and 14 females into custody, while ap-
proximately 1000 students stood in upport even 
though it was past midnight. Tho arre t d were 
araigned the next day and released. on 2SO bail 
each. 



Business as wual is generally being deferred in the University of 
California system, as faculty and students organize programs con-
cerning the stat>e of the union, the war in Indochina, the draft, and 
other issues. Faculty have generally made alternatives to nonnal 
grading procedures and class attendence available to students WllO 
wish to participate in active political action. 

lrvtDePlan 

"Alternate education" Is being widely supported at UC Irvine. 
Under the " Irvine Plan" many students are dropping classes or 
receiving pass credit, or taking 199's. According to the UCI NEW 
UNIVERSITY, rather than dropping out and going to the beach, 
students are attending seminars and participating in various com-
munity action programs. 

Irvine does not have many of the problems that have disrupted other 
campuses. There is no ROTC and Academic Senate and student in-
vestigations have not found any war related resear ch on campus. But 
activity has been " tremendous" and students are focusing on the 
MDM march in Oceanside this Saturday. 

Return to Normalcy 

"Santa Barbara is in a head long rush to normalcy" reported a 
Strike Committee organizer. Although a convocation and faculty 
meetings are considering a 12-unit course in the national crisis to 
replace regular classes. many students are following their schedules. 

Community action teams are being sent to talk to high school 
students, labor leaders and private citizens. Various "calls for action" 
have not received much support because the "radicals" are factioned, 
and a student reports that frustrated activists are turning to individual 
acts. perhaps in the form of sabotage . 

Riverside Marches 

UC Riverside had met favorable response from the community and 
City Council following a march and canvassing in the City of River-
side. Students are meeting high school and neighborhood "block" 
groups to discuss the war in Indochina. Following Academic Senate 
approval , students can r equest unlimited Pass/ Not Pass grades or 
incompletes without penalty fee . 

Men at Work 
Usually explosive, Berkeley has quietly shut down and turned to 

community action to protest the war, sending students to rap with the 
community and leaflet industrial firms and shopping centers. 
Although there were protests by " radicals" and the Black Student 
Union against the deaths of four black students in Augusta and against 
ROTC on campus in front of Chancellor Roger Heyn's offices, at-
tendance was sparse. Some departments are reconstituting classes 
primarily organizing community action as a substitute for continuing 
normal subjects. 
UCLA Strike 

A strong strike. supported by the Academic Senate and the ASUCLA 
government and by the actions of many students has ended "business 
as usual" at UCLA. The various alternatives to (lompletion of normal 
credits without scholarship penalty have been approved by the faculty 
and classes in issues related to the national crisis are being or ganized. 
A referendum on " strike issues" including freeing Bobby Seale, child 
care on campus and ending ROTC is being held .. 

Apathy a t Davis 

War research and ROTC have met a more apathetic response at 
Davis. Following Chancellor James Meyer's statem ent that there is no 
war research on campus, student agitation dissolved. However . last 
Friday. many students did at tend the march on the State Capitol 
sponsored by Sacramento State. and community action has received 
strong response. Faculty members are giving daily teach-ins. They 
meet Wednesday to discuss reconstitution of classes and alternatives 
to normal grading and classes. 

Anything at UCSC 

The Santa Cruz faculty have greeted student efforts to find forms of 
alternate education with a " I'll sign anything" attitude, according to 
the UCSC strike committee. A Strike Daily newspaper, a strong daily 
schedule of alternative classes, community action programs and 
support for the draft card turning-in. express the campus a ttempt to 
end "business as usual." 

Some classes are still meeting, but with a feeling that they are 
irrelevant to the activity protesting the war. Students are arr anging a 
large teach-in in the Santa Cruz Civic Center, and a march on Armed 
Forces day at Fort Ord. 

FINALWEEK-

UPTHE 
ESTABLISHfV1ENT ! 

PUTNEY 
SWOPE 

The Truth 
and Soul Movie 

P'WS ------_~ 
of beauty, sex 

and drugs: 

rnore® 
Page 2 Triton Times May 15,1970 

Disorgan ization Ha m pers 
San Diego College Strikes 

Strike spokesmen at seven San Diego colleges all 
see their problem as disorganization. For some, this 
week has been their first chance to motivate their 
students, and some are not just sure where to start. 
All spokesmen agree that apathy is the biggest 
problem. However, they have found more in-
terested students and a more receptive community 
in which 19 work lately. 

are first trying to change campus rules to allow 
wider dissent. 

The approaches of Cal Western, USIU Elliot. City 
College, Southwestern , Grossmont, and USD vary 
widely. The leniency of the college, its size and 
composition, and the history of its movement. as 
well as its SWTounding conununity, determine the 
different responses of the peace groups. 

Inquiries to the San Diego City College AS office 
are referred to the President's Office, which r:efers 
them to the Dean of Students office. That office said 
that there were only a few little meetings and some 
tables with information. Ron Richardson of the 
Mobilization Conunittee says that while his 
COmmittee is small, it is "opening up dialogue." 
Speakers like Mrs. Linus Pauling are being lined 
up as well as attempts to reach the commlmity. 
Again, the two year college faces apathy and is in 
the first stages of organization. 

"Students don't know what is going on," said one 
spokesman at California Western (USIU). Another 
said that a convocation was held Wednesday 
morning. but that " nothing ha!! comeoutofit. " 
While petitions are being circulated to send to 

Senators, administrators are being petitioned for 
afternoons to devote to war seminars. The search 
is for " constructive means to influence the com-
mWlity's mind,;" in order to influence and not 
"widen the generation gap." Apathy is still a big 
problem. and the solution is sought through a 
reading of the people. 

Southwestern is also sending students and faculty 
into the commlmity today, l!oth singly and in panels. 
Speakers are being lined up on campus to fight the 
apathy and foster growing concern. At a rally on 
Monday the President of Southwestern was pushed 
aside to keep the flag at half mast. A referendum 
was initiated to sample student opinion on this and 
on the war. " No one's called for a strike here," said 
Nathan Weedmark. But while people talk of new 
stronger action , in fact it is still "words instead of 
action." 

"The "Problem with any kind of protest here is 
expulsion," said an Elliot (USIU) spokesman. Like 
its sister college Cal Western, Elliott is under strict 
rules about dissent, and also suffers from the 
apathy which is reinforced by the isolation and lack 
of transportation of most students. While con-
ducting seIT"mars in the evenings, Elliot students 

One of the colleges which stayed open last week, 
Grossmont is organizing "to go into the com-
munity." A rally earlier this week attracted 75 to 
100, with an estimated 400 more people getting in-
volved in the movement. A nationwide meeting in 
San Jose advocated closing draft boards, and Mike 
Brooks say. "We're going to do it in San Diego. " 
While " things are happening," Grossmont is still 
organ!zing and dispensing information. 

UCSD 
PRESENTS ••• 

UCSD THEA TRE IN REPERTORY. .•. 

A Midsummer Nightls Dream 
M.y 16. 18,23. 2b 

The Caucasian Chalk Circle 
M.y 15 (tonight). 17, 22. 24 

All performances at 8 P.M. in UC SD Theatr e 
Bldg. 269 Matthews Campus 

General adm'ission $2.00 students $1.00 

TICKETS AVAILABLE . 
NOW AT UCSD CENTRAL BOX OFFICE, UREY HALL" 
LOBBY. PHONE RESERVATIONS ACCEPTED AT: 

4U11i1. 

FLIBHTS ,." 
LARGESI'SELECTION: TO" WITHIN EUROPE; AFRICA, ASIA, 
SOVIET UNION. SPRING-SUMMER STILL OPEN. ALL OTHER 
TICKETS. TOO. OLDEST ACADEMIC A~.: E~, 323 N. 
BEVERLY DR. , BEVERLY HILLS. CALIF. 90210. (213) 276-6293 

'1970 
CAL JET CHARTERS . . 

"De .... M"' ...... ~ .... ~-~Ilr ..... , .................... . 
I ........ flnt. DetiI'l .......................... _..... • 
ALL ~UGHTS VIA TItANS INft"NATIONAL AI .. WA"S 0 .. 
SATU .. N AI .. WA"I DC ... UN ...... KTS WITH COMIfLI .. aNTA .. " 
".ALSA"D •• V.RAQ~ 

One-way fiigi!ts still a vallable 
.... 4004 -ON. WAY -OAIU.ANO/AMSTaRDAM 

lUNa 21 •• ••••••• _ , •• ' . " • .' • •• • •• •••••• _ ...... 
.... • ••• - OAKLAND/UVAMSTa"DAM 

SIU'TItM .... ao . . . . . - . . .... _ _ " . i . • • • • • • • • • • ',Ilt 
Summer round-trip flights stut available 

N • • • u - OAKLAND/AMSTE .. DAM 
... -.'= !.~~:D/AMSn"DA"" .. . .. . o' • •• • • • .u .. 

IUfta 11-S11PT ....... 7 . . ..... N ••• 31 - OAKLAND/AIIIST1IRi.AM· ••• • • • • ~ • • • • . •• -
IUN. 17-sc..,.. ...... 1. . 

.... II. -"W YO"K/LONDON •• •• - • •• .- •• • • • •• • •••• n 

... ~~~~"t:~:.:r:N~ .... ... ... ..... ... ... .. 
IUNIt Jot-AU~IlS-,"~· • - • •••••••••••• •. • . • , "211 ' 

.... 142 -+- OAKLANDI'/POS ANO.I,.U - A"""'A""-AiiiJ • 
AUOUST /1 ~ ....... $ •• • • : •••••• .•. • •.. ••• " 

.... 1.1 -OAKLAND/A .. STa .. DA .. c ............ , -. 
"~"".'--'UOUlT.' . .... . ... '. _ . . .......... ..aH. 

SPECIALII INTEB~UROPE STUDENT ' 
~HARTER FLIGHTS 

hi c.""'".. .... wi ... CII 14ft ~I",". lilt ........... '.n .... IC8I1)' 
.... u ... fit" . . ltuRn' .... rtws .. "t .... TII_ (N..-t" Af.IU,. 
... A' ..... Turkey. G_. " ....... M.It •. 'IM! I .... (Til A.", 
................. ,...... rII.... , . 
CALL 011 W .. ,T. NOW PO .. ~UIITH." IN~O"MATIDN AND 
APPLICATIONS . 

WRITE: eae_a..rt.n PHONE: (.1" 122·1Q.1 
•• 2150 GNIII It. or CAt. 8 end 

SIn FrMCisoo, Ca .... 123 ....... , 
........ 0 .... __ .......... ,...." ......... _."'_ 

I" IIMIr '"'~ ... _ ." .... UII • ." CellI. 

Bse Calls 
For Rally, 
Moratorium 

By 
Manuel de Jesus Hernandez 

The Black student Council on 
ca'11pus has called for a rally 
Friday noon at Revelle Plaza 
to protest the shooting of s ix 
blacks in Augusta, Georgia. It 
also called for an all-day class 
moratorium. The action received 
the s upport of MECHA. 

Sidney Glass, BSC member, 
pointed out the fact that when a 
white student is killed in antiwar 
activities an immediate response . 
is made to protest the murder. 
Yet. when blacks are outrightly 
shot by "fascist" guardsmen 
when protesting the -denial of 
the ir civil rights, their deaths 
go unnoticed. Except by their 
black brothers, that is. 

"Taday's radicals seek the co-
operation of blacks in their anti-
war activities, but they have not 
lived up to their ' radicalism' 
by protesting the deaths ofblacksj 
so therefore what .kind of grati-
tude do they expect?" 

The speakers at the rally will 
be both black and brown. They 
will seel to " relate the oppres-
sion and repression suffered in 
the coordinated facets . of the 
indOChinese war and civil rights 
s truggle at home, " said a MECHA 
spokesman. 

" We expect the support of all 
concerned s tudents and ask them . 
to boycott classes on Friday and 
attend the noon rally to hear our 
grievances and see lf any further 
action can be taken," said Glass. 
He also added tbat he would like 
to see the nag lowered to half 
s taff in honor of the s ix blacks 
shot in Augusta. 

TO EUROPE 
I 

NIVERSITY CHARTER FLIGHTS 
June 21/Sept.13 R. T. $299 
July 3 / Sept.l1 R.T. $299 
Sept. 4 One Way $139 

All Intra-Europe student Flights 
Amsterdam-Athens $ 34 
London-Tel Aviv $ 77 

Backed by rellable, experienced 
Travel Agency. Prof. P . Bentler 
c/ o Sierra Travel Inc. 9875 San-
ta Monica Blvd. Beverly HUts 
(213) 274-0729 &I 274-0720 

IPAPS 
continued from page' 

administration. constitute a 
highly intelligent group, and 
many of those who appear to be in 
disagreement with us can be 
peaceably won over. I'm sure 
that students can recall a time 
when they found little wrong with 
the goverrunent's policies of war, 
racism, nuclear armaments, 
pollution, education for death, 
etc .• etc. 

Possibly older people possess 
minds that change more slowly 
than those of the young. An ex-
ample appears to be Dr. Keith 
Bruckner, who is regarded by 
many as UCSO's number one 
warlord. 

I MOW that in the past Dr. 
Bruckner had engaged in 
research of a highly classified 
nature ; so did I. One must recall 
that there was a timp. in history 
when such pursuits were con-
sidered as noble as students' 
efforts on behalf of the govern-
ment during the Kennedy ad-
ministration. However. engaging 
in an anti-war demonstration is a 
strange way for a warlord to 
behave, because that 's where Dr. 
Bruckner spent last Saturday 
afternoon ; hopefully he may 
have even joined us in our at-
tempt to communicate with our 
brothers as we passed the jail, or 
he might have joined us in 
displaying some of our sen-
timents by chanting " One, two, 
three, four, Tricky Dicky end the 
war." 

In any event, Dr. Bruckner has 
been up to his neck in govern-
ment matters. and I for one feel 
that such behavior on his part, in 
these times, is a courageous act 
which tends to indicate that there 
is something very serious on his 
mind. Those who know little of 
government operations may not 
regard Bruckner's behavior as 
heroic, but I think that most of us 
can agree that it Is time we tried 
to communicate with him. 

Another example is Dr. S.S. 
Penner, who has been threatened 
by the Right as well as the Left, 
and who is now in desperate fear 
for his life. Y. have known Dr. 
Penner as a close friend for about 
ten years and have recently 
talked to him at length about his 
ideals. I .can categorically state 
that he is fully aware of the 
malaise that has gripped this 
society, that he is in full accord 
with the fundamental goals of 
must of us, but very reasonably, 
hedisapproves of the scare 
tactics that have recently been 
applied. 

Some of the most in-
comprehensible of all the recent 
attacks on scientists are those 
leveled against Dr. Herbert 
York. Anybody who has been in 
touch with the news during the 
past few years must know that 
Dr. York is one of the most 
outspoken critics in this country 
of the arms race. Even Dr. Frank 
Halpern. a prime mover, has not 
been entirely immune from at-
tack from the Left. 

Obviously these are men, and 
there are others on campus, who 
have indicated some measure of 
agreement with us. I changed my 
mind in 1968, and am now com-
mitted. By the power of per-
suasion many more will be 
converted in 1970. And these men 
have a good deal more respect in 
the community at large than do 
the students, and certainly more 
accesa to the news media. 

Whereas we have the truth on 
our side, the enemy has the guns, 
and a vola~Ue sUent majority. It·s 
time that we reorganized our 
potential brothers. Help bring the 
campus together, 90 that we can 
make a united effort to rebuild a 
society which Is based on life. 
That should be the most im-
mediate goal of the movement. 

MORE LETTERS 

rile Tille is Now 
Editor: 

Education is no longer where 
it's at. People are dying. White 
student deaths at Kent State and 
UCSD (involuntary and volun-
tary martyrdom) signal the 
break-up of the white~omlnated 
American cultural system. Many 
of us have seen it coming without 
knowing how, when. or what 
would follow the collapse. The 
events of the past weeks have 
clarified the situation. The time 
is NOW. The outcome Is up to 
us - the people. We can stand 
aside if we want. continue to 
attend the classes we have beeh 
trained to attend, or ' we can 

. organize new classes to discuss 
" relevant" Issues, but I think we 
should realize what this makes 
us. SPECTATORS. 

Apparently there Is little or no 
sense on this campus that the 
times are changing, that this 
year is essentially different from 
last. Other schools, other cities, 
have been running experimental 
colleges etc. for years. If we are 
FIVE YEARS BEHIND I think 
we should at least admit it, and 
congratulate ourselves on our 
self-realization. but I don't think 
we have five years left. I don't 
think we're going to make it. 

Love, 
Richard Astle 

Graduate, Uterature 

Stu"ent Lob~, 
Editor : 

Three years of moratoriums, 
sit-ins, and war protests have 
come and gone with no apparent 
results. The only stirrings we 
sense involve community 
reactions to " college students 
who only want to destroy. " Three 
years is a long time to continue 
an innefective strategy. There 
must be a better way to end the 
war and increase student power. 

The recent series of sit-ins may 
be making front-page news. but 
people in the La Jolla community 
are dead set against using the 
college and university system as 
a political forum: ln last analysis 
they control the vote, and they 
are solidiy backing Reagan. 
. The sit-ins could be construed 
as student frustration with their 
inability to change the system. 
By sitting in a building, they have 
visible proof they are " doing 
something." They may cope with 
their frustration in this manner. 
but they actually hurt the long-
range goal of ending the war by 
adversely effecting the voters' 
belief in responsible student 
action. This is critical since the 
only political power students 
have comes through influence. 
The only means students have at 
their disposal to end the war is to 
a .) influence the voters b.)in-

fluence the people in power or c.) 
gain voting power themselves. 
Students have been making little 
headway with the administration 
and even less with the voters. It 's 
not the goals involved, but the 
tactics used. The third alter-
nati ve also stands little chance of 
working in the current en-
vironment. A change of tactics is 
in order. 

Has anyone ' considered a 
student-organized lobby to lower 
the voting age? Once students 
have ballot-box power, sit-ins and 
other confrontation tactics will 
not be needed since 50 per cent of 
the population is under 25. Many 
senators and representatives 
would support such a move. and 
with an effective student lobby 
promising political help, more 
would convert. 

This type of a move would 
assuage community concern with 
" left wing radicals taking over 
our univers ities" since the 
political arena would be moved 
off campus and into Washington 
where it belongs. It would also be 
a step toward removing U.S. 
troops from Vietnam and doing 
something about our en-
vironment, giving even a 
minimal amount of voting in a 
"student block." 

An effective means of voicing 
student concerns must be found . 
We don 't have much time. 

Laura Morgan 

Intimidation 
, Editor: 

I protest the hard core wishy-
washiness of the UCSD faculty in 
responding to the radi cal 
demands to either suspend 
grades or to cancel classes. Some 
of them honestly believe that the 
demonstrating students want to 
" discuss" the issues for the rest 
of the quarter . Are the in-
st ructors so naive that they can 
not realize that no " discussions" 
would take place. only plans for 
more sit·ins and demonstrations? 

And J abhor the faculty 
members who allow themselves 
to be intimidated by a small 
number of students. What about 
the faculty 's responsibilities to 
those of us who want to study? 
Most of us want to be students; 
we believe that demonstrations 
have seldom solved any of the 
country's problems. but that 
working through the system 
would. We have seen no literature 
which indicates that the radicals 
have support of more than 500 
students at UCSD. That 's les 
than 10 per cent of the student 
body! 

Are the faculty members so 
gutless that they will allow them-
selves to be coerced by a small 
minority? 

William Randolpb 
Class of 1973 

DQes a job exist where 
a graduate engineer 
is allowed to stretch his mind 
and make a significant 
contribution to society? 

Much to his surprise, Ron Kent 
disc<M!red it in the electric power industry! 
Ron got his BSEE from the U n iversity of Colorad o 
in 1966. In campus interviews he tho ught he m ight 
go into aerospace. Or e lectronics. Or maybe o il. 
He a dmits he had never be fo re given a tho ug ht to 
the e lectric powe r industry. Ye t he chose So uthern 
California Edi son . Why ? Because, as R o n say, 
he became convinced the cha lle nges w ere greate r, 
with few restrictions. And he hasn't been disap · 
pointed. 

R o n is invo lved with huma n rela tio ns thro ugh 
his SC E -spo nsored wo rk with o rganiza tion that 
promote community, soc ia l. e conomic , educ a -
tiona l and cultural ac tivit ies. including wo rk w ith 
min rity and underprivi leged g ro ups . 

H e a lso works with environmental problems. 
th rough engineering skills that will help with air 
a nd water po\1ution , conservation, community 
planning. 

P lus , he has the exciting chance-of-a·lifetime to 
be in on the ground floor of the next great tech-
no logical explosion. A R on puts it. too many 
engineers don't realize that the heart of electrical 
engineering really lies with electric utilities of the 
ize and cope of Edison. 

Today the electric utility industry is undergoing 
tremendous changes. For example : How d o you 
double. in the next 8 years. the generating capacity 
it has taken 75 yeaL to build? How do you minia· 
turi ze a substa tion ? How do you put a 66.000-\<0It 
tran mi sion line underground ? 

As a result of R on's deci ion to come to S E. 
his family enjoys a life that reflects his earning 
power a t Edi on. He's happy with his per onal and 
professional growth and development. And he's 
work ing o n h is MSEE at USC at Edi on's expe.'l e . 

How about you? EleCTrical. Mechanical lrnd 
. Civil Engineers are needed . JII , write: L. W. 
Blaske.\·. Southern ' California Edison, /JU,l J5 " 
Los Angeles. California 90053. r 

c::::\.t= 
Southern California Edison 

An Equal I'rmtunity Emrll)~cr 



\ 

/ 
\ 

Possi bi I ities for .the benefit 
'of your ears 

, 

\ 
r 
, 

UCSD ' s Environmental 
Theater is extending its four-
week run of 'Abraxas" for 
another two weekends. Per-
formances will be given tonight 
and tomorrow night as well as 
next Friday and Saturday nights, 
May 22 and 23, at 8:30 p.m. in the 
Anomaly Factory, 257 Matthews 
campus. Tickets are available in 
advance from Arts and Lectures 
(4a3-6151) or 453-2000 ext. 1195 
Tickets may also be obtained at 
the door before performances. 
Tickets are $2 general admission 
and $1 for students. 

Also continuing their runs are 
"A Midsummer Night's Dream" 
and "The Caucasian Chalk 
Circle." Performances will be 
given tonight, Saturday and 
Thursday. For ticket information 
call 453-6151. 

Ch8mbtJr .sing,rs 
Chamber Singers of the 

University of California, Santa 
Barbara, will perfo"!! choral 
works by two San Diego area 
composers, Kenneth Gaburo and 

Pauline Oliveros, at 8:30 p.m., 
Friday, May IS, in the Matthews 
campus Recital Hall. 

The concert, under the 
direction of Dorothy Westra, will 
be given as a benefit program in 
advance of the Chamber Singers' 
appearance as the sole U.S. 
representative at the Europa 
Cantat International Choral 
Festival in Graz, Austria in 
August. The concert will be 
jointly , presented by the 
Department of Music and the 
Committee for Arts and Lec-
tures. Tickets are available at the 
door . All UCSD students will be 
admitted free. 

"Sound Patterns," by Pauline 
Oliveros, and " Ave Maria" by 
Kenneth Gaburo, both composer-
staff members in music, will be 
featured on the program. Also 
included will be " Three Re-
incarnations" ' by Samuel Bar-
ber ; a group of 15th and 16th 
century French chansons. and 
Spanish romances and villan-
cicos; " Trois Chansons" by 
Debussy; a group o! early and 
contemporary AmerICan sacred 
music; and American folk songs 
and spirituals. 

-=====;;;;; 

-THE GOOD. 
THE BAD ! 
THE UGlY -

love, peace, mu.ric 

'iHIi MIND BLOWER OF ALL TIME!" 
- Time Magazine 

.. 'WOltDSTOCK' eestlsy elught on tim!" 
- Vincent Canby, N.Y. Times 

"f istoric piece of film .. .sTUNNING!" 
-Charles Champlin, L.A. Times 

\ 
'tarr~g Joan bo.z • joe cock.r . country )00 ~.I~; f;,j, · r~o4v .. tjlls, nosh 

arlo gullv' •• rich;e hoven • • jimi hendrix . """ana · John .ebo,ttOn . she·no·na 
.Iy & the family ,ton< • ten years aker . the who . a nd 400,000 oth .... beaut,ful people 

I 
o film by rrichael wad leigh. produced by 

bob mm,(lce· 0 wodleigh·mourice, ltd product ion 
technlcolor® from warner bros 

copy" '''' ((. 116' ""1,l'Ium photo" III( onotOI ' . ph, D, Cnll l" narblltt, bioi'" \lnl t .nd elllOli I .. M, 

R "ESt " lenO UI"ICl., 17 reQu"" E£[S) PROOF Of AGE . (;(,0""0 '1'1' ''0 P"enl or Ad", " Culld,'n REQUIRED 
EXCLUSIVE ENGAGEMENT 

ALL SEATS $3.50 
Students with NGC Theatres 

Card -- $3.00 
Sorry, passes not accepted 
during this engagement. 

STARTS THURSDAY! 

p;:or--J Triton Times May 15, 1970 

In New York's Electric Circus 
an audience is massed between 
arching light-splattered white 
walls. This audience is marking 
time ... waiting for SLY & THE 
FAMILY STONE ... anonymous 
men in short sleeved shirts slip 
onto the darkened stage to tinker 
and jiggle and fiddle with the 
equipment...pressed against the 
stage, the audience waits. 

Then: A jagged flash of silver 
tinsel. The glint of a trumpet, the 
unsyncopated tinkle of a tam-
bourine. The clash of bright 
colors, flashes, heightened by 
strobe lights ... the spotlights are 
snapped on and cut onto the 
stage. SLY & THE FAMILY 
STONE are a magnificent line 
across that stage. 

On the evening of May 23 at 8 
p.m., San Diego will enjoy the 
intensity that is SLY & THE 
F AMIL Y STONE .. . Joining SLY 
will be one of Europe's top 
recording groups, SHOCKING 
BLUE. Rounding out the evening 
will be CRABBY APPLETON. 

Reserved seats are now 
available for $5.50, $4.50, $3.50 at : 
Sports Arena Box Office (no 
service charge), All Highlander 
and Metro Ticket Agencies. 

c8rd,w 
Pianist-composer Cardew will 

play one . of his most recent 
works , " The Great Digest, 
paragraph 2," along with 
"Stones" by composer Christian 
Wolff, and a work entitled 
"Waltz," by Howard Skempton. 

Cardew will collaborate with 
UCSD performers in preparing 
two of his works, both on a semi-
improvised nature, "Material" 
for harmony instruments and 
"Schooltime Compositions," a 
series of solo pieces for 
miscellaneous ensemble 
prepared individually by each 
player from one or more pages of 
the graphic score. 

The concert is free and open to 
the public. 

Terry Barak 
ArtsWrfter 

The first album that a group records usually sets the stage for the 
future of the group. Record store shelves are lined with hundr~ of 
such first albums - representing a sizable 8J'!lount of money .bemg 
spent on the recording, artwork, manufacturmg, and ~romotion of 
each. For those relatively few groups whose first record IS a success, 
they invariably follow with a second album. ~e second effort has .a 
good initial reception due to a developed followmg of the group and IS 
often better than the first for the reasons that the group has play~ 
together longer (and has refined its sound) and has.more freedom m 
its selection of music and arrangements due to Its demonstrated 
ability to sell records. 

If the second album is a success, a third will result if the group has 
not split up (few do at this stage unless its member.s are faJ?ous from 
previous experience.) In order to guarantee future m.terest m a gr?up, 
the third album should have, along with increased fmesse, a stylistic 
change. At this stage, a group risks losing i~ audience thro,!gh lack of 
stylistic innovation even though it may be domg the same things better 
than it did before. 

Jethro Tull's "Benefit" exemplifies a group's third album which is 
composed of the same type of material played in much ~e same sty~e 
as its last two. However, considering the excellence ach1~ved on ~s 
LP they' will not have to fear any substantial (if any) loss m follo!Mg. 

"B~neflt" demonstrates the peak of innovation that may be a.chieved 
in operating within the boundaries of the same style and material. 

" Benefit" may be characterized as a tastefU! blend of hard rock and 
good verse played with a strong Baroque influence. Contrasts of 
hythm and change of meter occur throughout the record. For ~xamPle, in "With You There T? Help M.e," the hymnal ~horus sun~ at 

dirge tempo gives way to a qwckened Instrumental bridge ~e~tur~g 
both flute and guitar solos. "To Cry You A Song" features a dIStinctive 
riff of counterpunctal bass and guitar reminiscent of ~e Cre~. "~or 
Michael, Jeffrey and Me" blends a well-used claSSICal guitar WIth 
sensitive lyrics : 

"Watery eyes of the last sighing seconds, 
Reflections new to me; 
Like a tearful child of wonder, 
To repentance of a sin . . . " 

Jethro Tull's "Benefit" is better than their first two albums, "This 
Was" and " Stand Up." " Benefit" succeeds where most would-be 
innovative groups fail : it avoids musical cliches while steering clear 
of the forced sound of those groups seeking to make their music dif-
ferent for the sake of being different. "Benefit" is different (through 
unusual chord structure and harmony) in a very natural way both in 
music and lyrics. Hear it. 

The purpose of the ARTS section of the Triton Times is 
to promote an interest in the cultural events of the cal'!'-
pus and San Diego community. Opinions expressed In 
critical articles are those of the writer. Information and 
press releases should be submitted to Jeff Fried, cl 0 
Triton Times'. 

- -

---

SJ(NRDA'I M' ~\6iff'" 
MAY 16TH 

Are you.fravel/ing to 

EUROPE 
ACADB1\C'V 
3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284·1000 

'Un..derwvear 
BY PAUL MARSHALL KEBS SanDiego 

aa"tronau"t& 
AND 

I Anl Curious (F.O.) 
Chicken Soup 

Oh Dern Bananas 
Lord 
of the 
Pigs 

and 
mote! 

.L.CTIIIC 
CLI ••••• 

.. 011 
THOIIOUGHLY 

• ~.C.D 
H •• D. 

10rilms 
11,,"1111111110( 
.. L •• H 
GOIIDON CHun.l 

. PlfNE A-ii'S 
1818 GARNET STREET 274·4000 

• Book ings are now be ing accepted for 
any of the 3000 inlro-European student 
charter fl ights through the Educational 
Stvclonl E .. h_o ',og,o"" 801 Wo .... 
.id. Rd .• lIocIwood City. 0,8217 Io".,· 
Iy IIIvd., l .. Angel ••. For tho boalc 
li " ing 011 flights and application forms 
Ic r flig hts and the International Student 
Idontlty Cord . please forward $1 .00 plus 
75< for postage ond hand li ng, 

Bob Davis Camera Shop 
STUD£NT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459-7355 

- .... -

-

George Brown Expresses Concern 
"George Winne was an example of the supreme effort to achieve change by accepting 

suffering without giving suffering." These were the wo~s o! Congressman Ge?rge 
Brown, a democratic candidate for the U.S,. Senate from Ca~iforma as he spoke to a Silent 
crowd assembled in Revelle plaza Monday m the wake of Winne's protest death. 

Brown, who was previously scheduled to appear earlier this month, said he gave ser-
ious thought to coming on Monday. He wanted to come because he had not been at UCSD 
before and because he wants to establish and maintain communication with the young. A 
spokesman for the Brown campaign said, however, that while he had wanted to come he 
did not want to speak, as in light of recent national events and our own campus tragedy 
he was tremendously moved and sorrowed. 

A career-long opponent of the Viet Nam war and a previous religious objector to all 
war Brown rejects the use of violence and destruction by the U.S. Government and diss~nters to produce peace and a warless world. For this reason, he said, he is still 
working within the framework of government to affect peaceful change without destruc-
tion of life. . , . 

In reference to U.S. domestic and internal problems, Br wn said ' The greatest sm of 
our society is the belief that we can achieve good by causing suffering to others." Such a 
fallacy, he believes, will ulttn:tately destroy o~ ~ciety. Movements founded upon t~e 
principle of non-violence in thIS country, he said With reference to the S~udent N~n-vlO­
lent Coordinating Committee, have abandoned these methods after meetmg the Violence 
in our society, . 

Although he says that he expects to win, he doesn't care whether he does or not. .Wm-
ning isn 't important; it 's the willingness to devote all of one's efforts to a cherished 
belief. 

Buyback Policy Could 
Solve Text Dilemma 

Terry Barak 
Arts Wrfter 

"They've never got used books when 
you want to buy them and they don't pay 
anything when you want to sell tltem"--
a student talking about the bookstore at 
UCSD. 

A cause of widespread concern and 
misunderstanding on cam;lus is the Math-
ews Campus bookstore's used book po-
licy. For as many people as you ask, 
there are that many diverse opinions on 
how the policy works. 

The buy-back policy. according to store 
Manager Paul.Mares, works as follows: 
only during the last three days of each 
quarter can a student sell back used 
books. At this time, a private company's 
representatives (from College Book Co. 
of California, or CBC), come here to 
buy books. The student is not then sel-
ling his books to our store, but to the 
CBC. For the privilege of coooucting 
buybacks here, the CBC pays a five per 
cent commission on all the money spent 
on books that they take with them. 

There are three going industry rates 
for used textbooks: wholesale buyoo.ck 
(from s tudent to wholesaler), 25 percent 
of the books original retail price; the 
wholesale intra-industry rate of 50 per 
cent (as when the CBe sells used books to 
a store); and the retaU rate of 75 per 
cent (as when the bookstore sells a used 
book to a student). H you sold a $10 
list-priced (new) book at tt}e wholesale 
buyoo.ck rate of 25 percent, you would be 
paid $2.50. However, there are cases 
when a student can get a 50 percent re-
turn on a book. This happens only if 

FUN AND MONEY 
Sell Viviane Woodard cosmetics 

Learrt make-up technlques. 
We train you. 

459-3684 

TUDY IN SPAIN THIS SUMMER 
6 wk. summer sessions. Univer 
sUy of Granada (at Malaga). Six 
credits; $625 total. Wrlte: Dr. 
E. D'Angelo, Univ. Bridgeport, 
Conn. 06606 Tel: (203) 372-4254 

the same edition of the book is on a 
class' required reading list for the fol-
lowing quarter. In this case, our book-
store instructs the CBC to pay the stu-
dent 50 percent, then, in turn, buys the 
book from the CBe for whatever it paid. 
M:lres sends a form to all departments 
at the beginning of each quarter for all 
professors to list their required reading 
for the following quarter. This system 
of notification breaks down at times 
due to changing faculty and the frequent 
failure of professors to turn in lists 
promptly enough (new books must be 
ordered four to six weeks in advance 
since they generally come from the East). 
The bookstore does not conduct its own 
buybacks due to a current lack of cash 
to buy with and the necessity of the great 
expansion of bookkeeping needed in such 
an operation, according to M:u-es. 

Why can one rarely buy a used copy of 
a needed text? Used books on the shelves 
come from two sources: those soldbackat 
the end of the preceding quarter and those 
purchased from CBC's central warehouse. 
Few books are acquired the latter way be-
cause the CBC prefers to sell all the used 
books it can for 75 percent to dealers 
like our bookstore. 

Solutions to the used book problems 
will begin with our bookstore's initiating 
its own buyback service, conducted daily, 
throughout the y~ar in Marre's opinion. 
A big help for §bdents selling books, 
Mares said, would be for departments 
to plan required texts as much as a year 
in advance. Also, Mares said he plans 
to extend the buying on the wholesale 
market to dealers other than CBC, in 
order to provice a better supply of used 
books. 

Five important propositions will come 
before the graduates and undergraduates 
at next week's general AS elections. 

Included among the issues are topics 
concerned with the Vietnam war, birth 
control information on campus, and the 
naming of the Central Library. 
All students now enrolled will be allowed 

to vote, according to election com-
missioner and Revelle Senator Cindy 
Nielsen. The tally will have no binding 
effect, but will merely indicate the feelings 
of students on th:! ~ssues to be discussed. 

Galbraith Library? 
The first resolution calls for the naming of 

the Central Library, almost ready for 
occupancy, after former Chancellor John 
S. Galbraith. The policy for naming 
streets and buildings currently forbids the 
use of anyone's name who is still alive. 
Urey Hall, however, was named before the 
policy went into effect. 
The basis for making an exception to this 

policy, the AS Senate heard Wednesday, 
was that Galbraith 's "singular con-
tribution" to the acquiring of a major 
research library for the campus was so 
great in 1965 that he deserves to be 
remembered in the name of the structure. 
If the proposition passes. the appropriate 
Academic Senate committee would then 
consider the students' suggestion. 

Tl)e second proposition asks for the 
student's opinion on the recent move by 
the United States into Cambodia. The 
proposition simply asks, "Do you approve 
of the move by U.S. forces into Cam-
bodia?" The results would indicate 
general student body opinion on President 
Nixon's policy in Southeast Asia. 
Alternate Sources 

The third propoSition asks whether 
students favor a search for alternate 
sources of research contracts and grants 
than the Department of Defense. Growing 
out of the current controversy over "war-
related research," the proposition, if 
adopted;would suggest that the Academ!c 
Senate look for other sources of support In 
lieu of DOD funding. 

PropoSition number four was prompted 
by a suggestion from the Women's 
Liberation Front, and asks that the 
Student Health Center provide birth 
control information and access to con-
traceptive devices. WLF had originally 
asked that a proposition call for AS 
sponsorship of a pre-school, free advice on 
birth control, and ready access to con-
traceptives. But the AS Senate reworded 
the group 's proposition in order to involve 
the Student Health Center directly . 

The last proposition was added at the 
last minute , but carries the most im-
portant question of expansion of the 
Associated Students to include the 
graduate students , who are presently 
excluded from the AS. Not meant as a 
constitutional amendment or 
" railroading" tactic to coerce graduate 
students into the AS, the propoSiticn .is_ 
being proposed to get a " sense of the 
student body" in order to see whether the 
question of expansion of the AS should be 
pursued further . 

All five propositions will be voted on 
during the three-day election starting next 
Wednesday. Prior to the election, can-
didates for AS and Revelle College 
government posts will visit dorms to state 
their cases, air their ideas on KSDT 
(Tuesday night, 8:30 p.m .), and pass out 
leaflets in the free speech areas. 

John Muir College declined to schedule 
its election of members to the Muir College 
Council at the same time as the AS l.lId 
Revelle when the MCC members failed to 
meet to discuss elections. It is expected 
that the MCC will hold subsequent elec-
tions in the fall. 

The candidates running for office will 
state their cases in Tuesday's edition of the 
TRITON TIMES. 

The AS will send out sample ballots over 
the weekend, and elections will be held 
Wednesday through Friday. Runoffs are 
scheduled for the following Wednesday 
and for Friday, if neceSSiiry. 

GULLS NEST 
TUESDAyS .... 

6:00 to 10:00 p.m. 
MEXICAN DINNER 60~ 
two beef enchiladas, 
beans, and fried rice 

WEDNESDAyS .... 
8:00 to 12:00 p.m. 

FOLK SINGERS "HOOT" NIGHT 
Happy Hour Margaritas 60~ Singers , Guitarists , 

Banjoists welcomed! 

THURSDAyS .... 
7:30 p.m. on .... 

SPORTS. FIGHTS, AND OLD TIM£; fiLMS 
Films on sports, surfing, boxing, 
Charlie Chaplin, Laurel & Hardy, etc. 

FRIDAyS.... 'SATURDAyS .... 
CRABBY APPLETON GIANT HAPPY HOUR 5:30-8:30 6:60 to 11:00 p.m . Free hot hors d'hoerves, drinks 50~ COUNTI~Y FISH FRY 

A vallable at 
GUY URQUHART 

1041 Columbia street 
San Diego, CalUornla 

_~...tWCMP.2lRW BEER DRINK~NG CONTEST 1:30 with frer.ch fries and tartar (reservations 10 advance)j sauce Silver Mug awards All V,.." rqn ... .,t .. o;P 
Beer 35 ~ 
TURTLE RACES at -1:00 

3595 .SPORTS ARENA BLVD. 
(opposite Sports Arena) 

224-2705 
Triton Times May 15, 1970 



Opinions upr"u.d on this page are Ihole of the writeri and do nol n.cuurily 
rellect the opinic,n of Ihe TRITON TIMES . Every opinion contribution should 
include Ihe nam~ and address of the writer . N.me will be withheld on requesl. 
The TRITON TIMES reserves the right to edit for libel law and space 
requirements . Send contributions 10 TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall , UCSD. 

Why I Quit IPAPS 
(Editor's Note : The following 

Is an account by Dr. Rand, an 
Associate Professor of AMES, of 

why he ls resigning from the 
institute for Pure and Applied 
Physical Sciences.) 

Please read this through: It contains a plausible alternative to 
the impotence of the Academic Senate. 

I should like to communicate my reasons for resigning from IPAPS 
( Institute for Pure and Applied Physical Sciences) , but first I would 
like to despell a misconception. I do not believe that IPAPS has ever 
been engaged in " war research," as the term is most commonly 
conceived. Indeed, if I had at any time, during the past two years, 
thought that 1 was in any way engaged in aiding U.S. genocidal pur-
poses, either in Southeast Asia or in the city slums of America, I would 
have resigned immediately at that time. 

I set a two year time limit on this statement because I only became 
fully aware of what was going on throughout the so calfed " free world" 
at about the time of the Chicago Convention. n belit've that the con-
vention provided a rude awakening to many people throughout the 
country, but obviously not a majority. ) One who cares to study the 
nature of IPAPS research may disagree with me, because the term 
"war research" is so poorly defined, but I am certain that he will 
conclude that IPAPS connections with the U.S. war effort are so 
tenuous, that at worst , one of us i" guilty of nothing more than poor 
judgment. . 

However, I now believe that current U.S. policies are SO at odds with 
the least conunon denominator of human decency, that any effort 
which promotes the operation of a malignant society, excluding, of 
course, such vital operations as the distribution of food, is morally 
reprehensible. While I am not sure whether the work at IPAPS helps 
the Establishment in any way at all , I take this step as a symbolic 
gesture . 

Asecond reason for resigning relates to my view of the proper 
relationship of science to government. Because scientists permitted 
themselves to be bought during the past 25 years, essentially' all 
science in this country has become a tool of government policy. As an 
example , although scientists in IPAPS are not engaged in war 
research , at any time that the government sees fit , they can be ren-
dered without support and essentially out of business. Such power 
enables the government to apply coercive tactics, and thereby beM 
the nation 's scientists to its will. It has applied such tactics on many 
occasions. It has not applied such tactics to IPAPS in a discernable 

ay; the members of IPAPS would very likely not accede to such 
pressures, which in the light of the Mansfield Amendment, may well 
be the reason that the government is currenUy in the process of 
phasing out the IPAPS program. 

My third reason for taking this course is that I felt that it would help 
bring a semblance of peace and unity to the campus before some 
future student action, by a slight error in judgment, succeeds in 
arousing the governor 's well-rehearsed wrath to the point to com-

I mitting occupation troops to this campus. My fear of an invasion by 

{ the riot squad is conditioned not so much by seeing a few of our dissenting brothers and sisters carted off to jail - I've seen that many 
times before and have become hardened. Rather, I am more afraid 
that once invaded a precedent is set , and our state government, which 
takes its cue from Washington, does not appear to be able to 
distinguish between " illegal " behavior and crimespeak. Remember 

I that as long as llJ.ere are no troops on the campus, UCSD retains the 
only free speech area as far as San Diego State to the east, and UC 

~ Irvine to the north . Finally, there is the very important question of unity. Rarely in history have members of a society been exposed to such a clear-cut Choice between r ight and wrong . And rarely has one's politiCS been so clearly a measure of one's intelligence. (For example, compare Agnew or Reagan to Chom sky or Justice Douglas.) The members of 
the UCSD conun1.Ul ity, and I include the faculty as well as a captive 

continued on page 5 

triton till1.es 
E D ITO R · IN ·CH IE F 

MoI"'91n9 Ed,tor HavwOOd G.,.,mcn Newt. Ecll10r 

Copy Ed itor Chuclil Graham Future Editor 

A" o<l.t. Copy Edi!o Joe Ea slern Arts f d lt or 

P l'toto.r,p"y Ed,'OI ,'tur" Tr "t'll,," ~~rh. Ed t'or 

Editorial AUtst,n ' C,rIO Ntlburg.r 4u.U,n' News Ed itor 

ROO" ShOw I' ... 

8111 Alaoglu 

. Rich He lm IIch 

Jeff Fried 

Slev. Dorsch 

Molly SeI..., ln 

5T.AFF WA ITE R S Cl1r li Bibb. Jason (athurt. Mary Clark . Dean Crowe. Susan Gravu . Aileen Hie 
tenan , J im Stlls . Ot.ve Stear"" , Sieve Stryk,r Sam WIIso'" 

.... T S WRITE.~ · &erna. d F lynn. 8ruC. Gell,r . Larry JOhnson 

SPOR TS WA tTfA$ C.rol Chlllln910n . FreCi Grunewilid 

PR ODUCTION ; Karen Gl ick . Judy "'1' 1. attn LyOnS 
PH OT OOAAPH £RS ' Jonn I(.rk • • V inet Massullo. I(~ TenlQutenl 

ADVE.RT ISING 'ASSIS T ANT Suit" Cadts 

r"'t TRITON TIMES IS Off lt "IIIV rec:ogn·zed Ind suppa"'" as a "u~,nl "ewsp,o., by the Com 
''''''''"''''0"' Bollru C'f tn. Unl..., prS IIV of C."'ornl" S.n 0 11190 . 8 .JdCllng 2SO Matt ow, C.iTlPU1 . llll 
loll. C, llorn , . ' ?1l37 PubI IC"Of'!" twoce weekly on Tuesd'Y' and Fr ,eJ'YS thrOV9h June SI 1']0 
Off .cts are toe , leG In room 111 81.ar.,HIII on '''' ~.v,lIe Cllmpu' For Adve,. I.,lng pl"lone ." 1000. 
( 1011 lor ea l'or t,1 or new' phone X1C" 

Pa Triton Times May 15, 1970 

In Memoriam George Winne 
R.,el A. D,uix 

Professor of History 

George Wlnne was a student of 
mine for more than two years. I 
am proud to make this statement, 
even though by the usual 
academic standards George 
achieved no exceptional success. 
Well he might have succeeded, 
however; and therein lies the 
tragedy. George was one of those 
intensely interested students who 
always managed to sit in the 
front row of the classroom and 
was not hesitant about asking for 
more details when he felt the 
lecturer was being too super-
ficial . Nor did the class end after 
fifty minutes for George; rather, 
I came to expect that he would 
accompany me back to my office 
picking my brains for more in-
formation .. At one point, after I 
had known him for several 
weeks, George asked me about 
his chances of pursuing the study 
of Ancient History in graduate 
school. In this I encouraged him, 
and soon he showed the 
seriousness of his intentions by 
enrolling in courses in Latin and 

Greek. 
This was the George Winne I 

knew - the George Winne in his 
junior year . 

The George Winne in his senior 
year was different - a person I 
did not completely understand. 
The desire to succeed was still 
there, but the emotional energy 
demanded for success was gone. 
For reasons which were 
evidently too personal for George 
to communicate them to a 
professor, he was no longer able 
to attend class regularly or to 
complete work on time. Low 
grades, or at times incompletes 
were the results. A once 
promising career became instead 
an impossible dream - then I 
suspect a futile nightmare. 
Graduate school was no longer a 
real possibility; the draft was. 

What went wrong? Where was 
the basic error? Who is to blame? 
These are questions no one can 
answer. Answers, however, are 
already forthcoming; and it is 
here that I wish to caution those 
who would seek George Winne as 
a martyr to their particular 
cause. The young man I knew had 

no use for radical political ac-
tivities. To my knowledge he 
never was a "joiner." Instead, 
his way - though he felt his 
antipathy to war as strongly as 
any - was to search quietly and 
effectively for answers through a 
rational discussion of issues and 
an understanding of human 
motives. 

The Department of History 
feels a personal loss with the 
death of George Winne and has 
proposed a perpetual memorial 
in his honor: a bronze plaque 
inscribed with his last words to be 
surrounded by a group of trees 
symbolizing the continuing life of 
his message. That this is a fitting 
tribute, I agree. In addition, 
however, I have proposed that a 
committee of faculty and 
students be appointed from the 
History Department to organize 
means for protesting war - not 
only this war, but all war-in a 
rational and effective manner. If 
such a permanent organized 
effort becomes an integral part of 
our department's activities, 
George Winne will not have made 
his ultimate sacrifice totally in 
vain. . 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Physical Threat 
Editor: 

Almost two years ago, a dis-
tinguished member of our faculty 
had'his life threatened because of 
his political writings and acti-

-vities on and off this campus. 
Now again, we have learned that 
at least one other distinguished 
faculty member, who has 
recently been under attack for 
conducting research sponsored 
by the Department of Defense, 
has been subject to serious acts of 
personal harassment and intimi-
dation, including a physical 
threat telephoned to his home. 

We condemn such actions 
against a faculty colleague. We 
call on members of this campus 
to impress on their friends , 
colleagues, students, and others 
the vital importance, espe ially 
in these times of extreme stress, 
of respecting the fundamental 
human rights and civil liberties 
of all members of our com-
munity. 

James R. Arnold, 
Professor of Chemistry 

Robert C. Elliott, 
Chairm!ln, 

I>ept.ofLJterature 
Walter Kohn, 

Professor of PhYSics 

Stop Disruptions 
Editor : 

I think the time has come for us 
to lift up our voices and cry 
"Stop!" Until now I never spoke 
out about anything, but things 
have gone too far, and I feel that 
it would be wrong not to say any-
thing. , 

I can 't imagine how anyone can 
condone the disruptions and 
vandalism that occurred during 
the sit-ins we have experienced, 
not to mention the intrusion into 
private offices and files. If the 
war is wrong, how does this type 
of wrong behavior help end it? 
That's hypocrisy in the first 
degree. And all this bull about 
"We've tried everything else!" I 
never heard of any student cam-
paigns to write letters or to back 
candidates. Think what power 
could be wielded if the 100,000 
students in the university each 
got out and actively campaigned. 

But no, we have to have some 
brats wreck campus property 
and tie things up so the rest (If us 
can 't go to class. Thanks a lot, 

fellow students. It's "holier than 
thou" people like you who have 
given the world a bad name. 

Nancy Boles 
Muirfrosh 

Christ a.d Tactics 
Editor: 

Last. Tuesday fellow grad 
- student Keith Stowe explained to 
you in a letter his position on the 
sit-ins. He agreed to the possi-
bility that they have been ineffec-
tive, but argued that many of the 
protesters would be "perceptive 
to suggestions for improve-
ment." Here is my suggestion : . 

If one believes that all indi-
viduals are basically good with 
overlays of evil, the correct 
approach is'to appeal to the good 
in a person knowing that this 
appeal will overcome the super-
ficial evil. 

On the other hand, if one 
believes that people have a basic 
streak of evil that taints even the 
good Chat they attempt, other 
tactics are necessary. Several on 
this campus have concluded that 
all you have to do is to force these 
"erring individuals" to behave !n 

a manner that others have 
decided is correct : hence, the sit-
ins, etc. 

It is true that coercion is the 
only way to get unwilling indi-
viduals to obey you. The trick is 
to make them willing. The only 
way that this can be done which 
takes into account both the true 
moral nature of man and the need 
for a non-coercive remedy is to 
reach the man from the inside 
out. 

If this alternative sounds down-
right supernatural then you 
understand what I am trying to 
say. And Christians on this 
campus (not churchians, mind 
you, but biblical believers in 
Jesus Christ) are seeking to act 
as the vehicli:s through which 
Christ can change people from 
the inside out. 

If you want to help us, you must 
first join us by letting Jesus 
Christ reach into your life. We 
offer not only personal exper-
ience, but objective evidence to 
back up what we are saying. And 
we are dead serious. Check us 
out. 

Sincerely, 
Nick BroWD 

Physics Grad 

Speakioc of bloodbath •... 

Opportuniti,. And Conditions Implo", 

Blacks Dominate U.S. Sports 
Steve Dorsch 
Sports Editor 

Over the past two decades, the black athlete in 
America has come from nowhere to emerge as the 
central figure at the top of the sports world in 1970. 
There are still some sports, however, in which 
blacks have yet to make their mark. 

The fact that only six of the 300 golfers on the 
current Professional Golfers Association tour are 
black can possibly be explained by the fact that no 
one has yet built a country club in a ghetto. For 
equally obvious reasons, such expensive or 
relatively inaccessible sports as skiing, sailing, 
tennis, and auto racing are alffiW" exclusively 
white . fVj -

Conversely, in those sports which are free of such 
restrictions, such as boxing and track, the black 
athlete dominates. Noting that black athletes ac-
counted for all eight of the Olympic records set by 
U.S. runners in the 1968 Games, one European 
coach says: "If not for the blacks, the U.S. team 
would finish somewhere behind Ecuador." 

The most dramatic strides have been made in the 
three major U.S. professional sports - baseball, 
football, and basketball. Twenty-five years ago 
there were no blacks on any pro team roster. Mter 
Branch Rickey of the Brooklyn Dodgers signed 
Jackie Robinson, the Negro athlete began to 
emerge as a prominent figure in the sports world. 
By the mid-Fifties the doors had been flung wide 
open to the blacks, and the rush was on to sign the 
Negro athlete. In a relatively short time men such 
as Willie Mays, Bill Russell, and Jim Brown began 
to dominate their sports. 

The percentage of blacks in the pro leagues 
today: baseball - 2a per cent ( 150 out of 600); 
football - 32 per cent (330 out of 1040); basket-
ball - 55 per cent ( 153 out of 280) . 
Blacks 'have to be better' 

Many black athletes contend that being as good as 
a white player does not suffice in the pro 
leagues - they have to be better. The number of 
blacks selected for the leagues' most recent all-star 
games seems to bear them out: baseball "': 36 per 
cent (20 out of 56) ; football- 44 per cent (27 out of 
61 ); basketball - 63 per cent (30 out of 48) . 

More impressive are the individual performances 
of black pros. A random check of the records shows 
that in baseball, for instance, a Negro has won the 
National League's Most Valuable Player award 16 
times in the past 20 years. The National Basketball 
Association's MVP award has gone to a black 12 
times in the last 15 years. And last season all four 
Rookie of the Year awards for offense and defense 
in the two pro football leagues were won by blacks. 
The Changing Sce ... 

changing, but very slowly. The NBA finally broke 
the administrative barrier four years ago when the 
Boston Celtics named Bill Russell as the first Negro 
coach of a major league team. 

The Seattle Supersonics and San Francisco 
Warriors followed suit with Len Wilkens and AI 
Attles, respectively, as black coaches. Russell 
proved his capability and rewarded Boston with two 
championships in three years. 

Willie Mays broke through the salary barrier and 
has been earning over $100,000 per year for nearly a 
decade now. Finally, as of this season, four of the 
six baseball players in the $125,000 a year bracket 
are Negroes. The trend is in the right direction at 
least. 

But the trend is far too limited. It could be the old 
story of too little and too late as the black strives for 
a better place in life. Perhaps the Negro American 
is tired of "having to be better" to enjoy an equal 
place with his white counterpart. 

The same person that refuses to acknowledge the 
equality of blacks as fellow men will go to the 
stadium and cheer the black athlete and take 
personal pride in the accomplishments of Negroes 
on the "home team." People point to the dominance 
of blacks in athletics and pretend to believe that 
Negroes have attained a position of equality and 
prominence because of their sports prowess. 

Maybe the time has finally come for us all to stop 
our rejoicing over the accomplishments of the black 
athletes and afford the Negro the same opportunity 
in everyday life that sports have finally given to the 
black athlete. 

A t Lon, B.llch T odllY, rom~"ow_ 
Crew Seeks Western Title 

Georg~ Campbe ll 
Sports Wriler 

UC San Diego's Crew team, along with intercollegiate crew teams 
from 21 colleges and universities on the West Coast, will be at the Long 
Beach Marine Stadium today and tomorrow to compete in the Wester n 
Intercollegiate Rowing Championships. 

The championships, which will involve from six to seven hundred 
oarsmen, are to determine the best teams on the West Coast and will 
also determine which cr ews will be eligible to compete in the national 
championships to be held in the eastern United States in August. 

The regatta is scheduled to begin this morning with the qualifying 
heats, to be fonowed tomor row with the consolation and final races for 
the championship. Trophies will be presented to the winning crews at 
the conclusion of the regatta on Saturday. 

Some of the other colleges that will be competing with UCSD include 
UCLA, University of Washington , Cal State Long Beach, UC Irvine , 
Loyola , UC Berkeley, U!liversity of Oregon, Stanford, UC Santa 
Barbara, USC, and San Diego State College . 
******************************* 

The only categories, in fact, in which the black 
athletes have consistently lagged behind whites is 
money and opportunities for administrative 
positions in sports. These statistics, too, seem to be 

Tennis Teall .. 
Distrid 3 Meet 

Willie Mays (left) broke the saluy burler for Negro athleles and is 
now earning over $100,000 per yeir for Ihe tenth con5eculive year . 
B,II Russell (center> became Ihe firsl N~gro coach of a ma jor 
league tum with .'he Boslon Cellics in 1966. His success was ob· 

vioUS with IWO championships in thre~ years . J immy Brown (right ) 
retired althe height of his career to go inlo molion pictures, but he 
is r~membered as Ihe grealesl runner in loolbal l hislory. He ho lds 
all Ihe meaningful rushing records. and has been descri bed a s 

ind~5tructible and superhuman . 

The UCSD Triton tennis team 
will pack their shorts and raquets 
this weekend and head for 
Redlands, California, for the 
NAIA District III Tennis 
Championships. 

Coach Jack Douglass and Tad 
Yamaguchi will take the team to 
the District Championships with 
hopes of capturing the District III 
title and placing the team or 
individuals in the National 
Championship meet later this 
month. The District competition 
will be the basis for choosing the 
teams and individuals that will 
compete for the national team 
and individual titles at thl:! NAIA 
National Tennis Championships. 

Competition will be held on 
both the singles and doubles 
levels with winners of those 
events scoring points for their 
school toward the team cham-
pionship. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONOIS 
for selYice 

Tue. - Frt. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. 81 Mon. 

233 - 8328 ' 

Swim Show, fish Hunt Slated 
UCSD's Synchronized Swim Club will present their first spring 

water show followed by the Aquatic Department's unique Piranha 
Hunt next Thursday, May 21, a18 p.m. in the UCSD pool. 

The program will begin with the -6ynchronized swim show and will 
be followed by the Piranha Hunt, in which 50 goldfish will be thrown 
into the pool and all participants (open to anyone - students, faculty, 
and staff) will be given a small net, and the people catching the most 
fish will be awarded the following prizes: a new surfboard, a wet suit, 
two sets of complete skin diving equipment, complete paid SCUBA 
diving course, tennis raquets and balls, and gift certificates. 

TO BE ONE Of 
THE MOST IMPORTANT 
FILMS Of THE YEAR!" 

''ONE OF THE BEST OF THE 
lAST TEN YEARS!" 

_~ __ N4A1.UEDMTlS" ..... 

ender 
_ ..... ·.CXlCJI 

---:-:=~ f[ NO ciNE U NDER 18 ADMITTE 
~ON 
"e~S/" 
11-'; (" "N~ ' - apri 

PARK BLVD. AT UNIVERSITY AVE. • 298-0577 

Announcement 
WESTERN STATE UNIVERSITY 

COLLEGE OF LAW 
announces 

the start of new classes 
at its campus in 

SAN DIEGO 
now accepting men and women 
who have 0 minimum of either: 

• 2 yt ers of I cupt.h le colle, . 
cretf its (H ), or Ir. 

• ower 23 ad han .ltoll'l '; int.llect".1 
.lIiIi ., .ht ' 4fvi vol.ft' of oltaWl 
jto b. determine" by tut). 

n,.u. d.gr •• con b •• o,ned ,n . y.or. of part tim. clon.1t 
3 dou., per week . 3 how,. per clau 

ENROLL NOW FOR 
SEPTEMBER 10th CLASSES 

(Bo'" Day and Evening CIa ' ses) 

• 

. ri tt . r ,hOM for j"for ml1 t l." or nt. lo, 

I.:: .... ~ Front and "(' . Streets 
(opposite the La N library) 
~ ~ San Di.go 

232-6506 
Th. de, r •• of Ll ' or J 0 W Ill b. conl.rr.d "'PO" I,.d w-
o hon h.,"" ,h. 4 . ., • • , program of , .... ColI.O. of lo .. , 
op.raling os a non-prol'l .ducatlonol In.h'",'lon, W",d.f 
Chort . , of the Stot. of Californlo G,odwot., at. _hllbl. 
to tolt.the CahfCl,n,. $'0'. 1 0 ' h O"'I"OhO" 

Triton Times May 15, 1970 Page 7 
I' 



Ed Miller, Candidate for San Diego 
County D.A. will speak at noon in Re· 
velie Plaza . 

AS Fitms : " One M illion Years B.C. " 
starr ing Raquel Welch, plus three 
shorts including " Gert i e the 
Dinosaur ," " Or . Zuckerkandl ," and 
" New York Hat ." 

Free Dance : sponsored by UCSO 
Baha ' i's, featur ing Don Reed , The 
Kent , Wednesday 's Ch ildren , Klay· 
ton 's Kongo Kombo and Gnarly Beast. 
Rev.elle Cafeter i a , 8 :30 p.m . 

Coffee Hut Enterta inment : 9 p .m . 

s.turd., 
Epipoleology Society : Sumner Aud ., 9 
a.m . 

Track : here at 1 p .m . 

Coffee Hut Entertainment : 9 p .m. 

University Lutheran Church of La 
Jolla w ill celebrate its fifth anni . 
versary today, May 17. The Rev . John 
George Huber, who began his campus 
m inistry at UCSD in 1963, will off iciate 
and preach in the folk mass , "Re· 
jOice," which beg ins at 10 a .m . The 
congregation w ill also participate in 
the Pentecost celebration sponsored 
by all of the churches of La Jolla at 
Cove Park, beg inning at 12 :30 p.m . 
There w i/I also be a polluck supper at 
Un iversity Church , beg inn ing at 5:30 
p .m . The featured speaker is Mr . Ron 
Goerss , former campus pastor at 
UCLA. 

mond., 
Seminar in Chamber Music Perfor. 
mance : Rec i tal Ha ll, MC 409, noon to 1 
p .m . 

w.dn.sd.y 
Coffee Hut Movies : 9 p .m . 

thursd., 
Sumnernoon Series : S10 Sumner Aud ., 
noon to 1 p .m . Color slides by Ray 
We iss . 

Antonioni affects everyone differently 
The important thing is ... he affects everyone. 

Michelangelo Antonioni's 
IABRISKIE POI.' 

"REVOLUT IONARY!':"u 
, 01(1 

~Qnd----________________________ ~~ __ ~ 

ACADEMY 
3nl UNIVERSITY AVE 284 ·1000 HELODVER! 3rdWEEK! 

~$~@~ati\ lra@[M 
@[f 
$'IfM{P)~[Mlr @©}W,~OO[M~~[Mlr~ 

BALLOT 
QUESTION: Do you agree with 

the decision to dispatch United 

States ground troops to 

Cambodia 7 
i 

~ 
YES 

r~o 

NO OPINION 

TAKE THIS TO TRITON TIMES (BlAKE) or AS OFFICE 
I 

. Page 8 Triton Times May 15, 1970 

I.ctur.s 
Seminar Series : "Toxic Agents" Sun . 
day , May 17, HL Aud ., 7 p.m . 

Professor's I naugura I Lecture Series : 
J . Edwin Seegmiller, Professor of 
Medicine, School of Medic ine, will 
speak on " Gouty Arthritis- A Gate· 
way to Human Inherited Diseases ." 
Thursday, May 21 in HL Aud ., at 4: 15 
p .m . 

Abraxas : Fr i · 
day May 15 and 22, Saturday May 16 
and 23. Anomaly Factory, 8:30 p .m . 
Tickets are available in Arts and Lee· 
tures (453 ·6151 ) or at the door . 

Midsummer Night's Dream : Satur . 
day May 16 and 23, Monday May 18. 
UCSD Theater , 8 p .m . 

Caucasian Chalk Circle : Fr iday May 
15 and 22, Sunday May 17 and 24 . UC· 
SO Theater, 8 p .m . 

ACADEMY THEATER - People's 
movies every Sunday at 2 p .m . Call 
281 ·4000. 

meetings 
The next meeting of Veterans Against 
the War w ill be held today, May 15, at 
noon in conference room L , Aztec 
Center, San Diego State College . All 
veterans concerned about an imme· 
diate end to the war please attend . 

UCSD Internationat Folk Dancing 
Club. 
Tuesday : 8·10 :30 p .m . Advanced class 
from 8·9 p .m ., tau'lh t by Dan 
Lulu-mostly Balkan . 
Fr iday : 8·12 p.m . Beg inn ing and in · 
termediate class from 8·9:30 p .m . 
taught by Jim Ling and Rex Cou · 
ture-dances from many d i fferent 
countries. 
Place : " Pump house" annex C.M . 
For in formation call Jim at X2644 · 

Young Republicans meet at noon 
Monday at the Coffee Hut to discuss 
the County Board meeting of last week 
and elect officers for next year . 

Christ ian Science Organization : Mon · 
day 7 p .m . Informal Lounge 

Jewish Students Organization : Mon · 
day 9 p .m . Informal Lounge 

50S : Tuesday 8 p .m . USB 3020. 

StMS : Thursday 8 p .m . USB 3020. 

.nnounc.m.nts : 

Deadline for those seniors interested 
i n addressing com mencement is 
Fr iday , May 22. Send your name and 

proposed top ic to Jeanne Marque, AS 
Secretary , in 250 MC. 

The TRITON TIMES w i ll open up a 
new bureau at Scripps next fall . 
William Nierenberg , director at S10, 
has offered a special office, with desk 
and typewriter for a writer who will 
cover faculty and student projects 
throughout the year , and get to know 
what work goes on the " lower cam · 
pus." All graduate and undergraduate 
students are welcomed to apply for 
the special position at the TT office, 
117 Blake , Revelle , within the next two 
weeks . 

Attention all student loan borrowers. 
Graduating students or students who 
do not plan to return to UCSO for the 
fall quarter and who have outstanding 
NOEA, Regents or other type loans , 
should contact the Loan Collect ion 
Off i ce, 204 Matthews Campus, 
regard ing an exit interview. 

Students going into the teaching field 
after graduation may have up to 100% 
of the ir NOEA loan cancelled, and 
students who go into military service, 
Peace Corps or Vista arre eligible for 
postponement of N OEA loan 
repayments for up to 3 years . Can · 

. cellations and postponements are not 
. automatic and are granted only upon 

receipt of the necessary forms by the 
Loan Collection Off ice. 

Appointments may be arranged by 
calling Jane Fitzgerald of Flo Rogers, 
extension 2616. 

I§tanbul i)e§tau..-ant 
Specializing in Mlddl_ Easl.rn Foods. 

Shish Kabob and other exotic dishes . 
LIVE 'Arabic, Turkish, & Greek En .... inment 

provided by the internationally famous 
Antoine Hage, on the auo 

OPEN DAILY n l.m. to n p.lll. 
SPECIAL I 99C luncheon 

dlily n l.m.-3 p.m. 
1250 PROSPECT 454.2334 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
On April 15th the deci8ion was made 
to offer to the member8 of the ASSO· 
CIATED STUDENTS of San Diego 

a GROUP-DISCOUNTED AUTO-
MOBILE INSURANCE POLICY. 
College Student Insurance Service has worked 
with the auto insurance industry for 5 years prov-
ing that the college student is NOT a bad risk. 

Associated Students only are offered substantial 
savings through this group-discounted policy. 

• 

This policy is written throup the newly formed :) 
Associated Student Underwriters and serviced lo-
cally under an exclusive agreement with College 
Student Insurance Service. 

I For Further Information 
CALL 291-4335 

2223 EI Cajon Blvd. San Di~o, Calif. 
Be aware of what is available to 1100 NOW as an Allo-
ciated Student . 

REGISTRAtiON 
FAL'LQUARTER,1970 

All continuing students, graduates 
and undergraduates, must enroll for 
the Fall Quarter, May 11 through May 
21 , 1970, by mail or drop box. If you 
have any problems, come to Me SOl. 
File enrollment cards In the following 
order: 
May II 
May 19 
May 20 
May21 
May 18 - 21 

Seniors 
Juniors 

Sophomores 
Freshmen 
Graduates 

- and Medical Students 
May22 After this date, 

S10 late fee will be assessed. 

All those interested in helping to paint 
out the graffiti that has lately adorned 
various wdlls , doors, and pavements, 
should meet at 602 MC (Physical 
Plant) at 9:30 tomorrow morning, 
where paint. brushes and tarps (1) 
w ill be waiting for the clean squad . 

Women's Liberation Front now has an 
off ice in Matthews Campus 250, Room 
333. Literature is available as well as 
information about on ·campus ac· 
t iv i tes and the movement in general. 
There will be someone there week· 
days between noon and 3:00 p .m . 
Women only on Mondays and Wed-
nesdays, please. We will soon have an 
extension phone and can meanwhile 
be reached through EDNA. Business 
and policy meetings are held every 
Sunday at II :30 in Blake Upper 
Lounge ; and there are weekly 
discussion groups on campus, in 
Pacific Beach and in North County. 

AS ElBctions 
AS Election Activities 
Monday, May 18 : D iscussion at Muir 
Commons , 7:30 p .m. 
Tuesday , May 19 : Quest ions and 
Answers : KSOT 550 AM, 9 p .m . 
Wed .-Thurs., May 20-22: Voting . 

cl.ssifieds 
Live Music Friday and Saturday from 
9 p.m . to 2 a.m., featuring Kindling, 
Sand Castle ; Cardiff-by·the·Sea, 2526 
South 101 (on the beach), 753-7611. 

Reward and no questions asked for the 
return of the Honeywell Penta x Spot. 
matic that was stolen from Revelle 
cafeteria last Wednesday evening. 
Come to TRITON TIMES office. 

RIDE WANTED TO TEXAS in mid-
June. Will share driving, costs . Call 
Mary, 453-4558, or leave message, Lit. 
Dept. 

MGB-GT '67, PERFECT. S2,100. ext. 
2078 or 454·4879. 

'65 VW Bug . Rebuilt engine. XLNT 
condition. S800. or best. Howie 755-
8783 . 

For Sale 1970' VW 1500 Bug. AMI FM 
radio plus other extras. Yukon Yellow 
with black interior . S1900 or best offer. 
Available May 20. 755-8181. 

Lady will give room to responsible 
student male or female, charming 
home for 8 hours domestic work per 
week . Call 454-2181 evenings 7-8. 

TRANSLATORS WANTED : Free 
Lance, all tech . fields and languages. 
Unlim ited volume. Send resume and 
sampte to P.O. Box 5456. ' Santa Bar-
bara, Calif ., 9:tl03. 

Agriculturist-Biologist Trainee, $647-
786. Bachelor 's Degree with maior or 
minor in agriculture or closely retated 
field . College seniors may apply now. 
County of San Diego, 1600 Pacif ic 
Hwy., Room 403, 92101. 

KSDT needs strong, 
healthy, young, virile 
men and women to 
join our news staff. If 
seen contact Bruce 
Baron, news director, 
or call at X 1156, or 
453-6252. Hazardous 
duty pay not included. 
Lots of love is. 


