
ti es 
Volume 9, Number University of California, San Diego February 6 , 1970 

SOUL SEARCHING ENDS 
lIy Ro.er Showley Newl Editor 

Chancellor William J. McGill was noticeably relieved 
Tuesday afternoon in the patio o( University House as he 
discussed with the San Diego press his decision to take on 
next fall the enormous tasks of the presidency of 
Columbia University. After two months of intense soul-
searching, he had come to the conclusion that a greater 
challenge existed in the concrete jungle of New York than 
at UCSD. 

Since he first was contacted Dec. 1 by Ronald Breslow, a 
Columbia trustee, McGill had consulted with campus 
officials, UC President Hitch, and personal friends to find 
a reason for leaving the small UCSD campus for the 
eastern university o( 17,000 students. He finally came to 
the conclusion that administration was his forte. " It is 
very exciting," he says. "There is always something 
happening and nearly always that means trouble." 

studies, " there is no sharp connection between his leaving 
and getting a new chancellor and the graduate program." 

What about Third ollege? 

The question looming in most minds is the chance Third 
College will have for success when it opens its doors to 
this coming fall. 

McGill noted at the press conference that conservative 
reaction from the community is certainly to be expected. 
"We must make Third College an intellectually respec-
table place just as we made the Lumwuba-Zapata 
demands of 1969 work." 

Perhaps symbolic of the dedication of the campus to the 
concept of the college was McGill's meeting with Regent 
Moore Wednesday, when the academic plan was ex-
plained by Acting Provost William Frazer and other 
members of the Board of Directors. 

" AU of us are committed to carrying on with the present 
program and to help all we can," Provost Stewart said. 
Provost Saltman said as much when he emphasized the 
"team effort" which the Council for Undergraduate 
Education (which includes all provosts ) has developed. 

Any Bad Effects? 

Having decided that he was out of strictly academic 
work forever , he found that the Columbia job "offers 
something that will let me sleep better when I am older." 
The problem of revitalizing a 216 year~ld institution, 
along with the prestige it brings to the president, attracted 
him away from the "gentleness" that is in "this corner of 
the world. It has been very hard to break my ties here. All 
my anxieties were beaten down; the trustees (some of 
whom visited UCSD last weekend) made it so attractive. " 

Reaction at UCSD 

Sitting relaxed in the patio at University House, Chancellor 
William J. McGill reviews his decision to accept the pres-
idency ot Columbia University. 
is normally done by Bill, so that the transition from him to 
the next chancellor can be made more coherent and 
smooth." 

Former Chancellor Galbraith said that UCSD should not 
worry about a change in chancellors after only two years 

-creating a drastic reversal in educational goals. 

The prospects of breaking in its third chancellor in nine 
years, however, were not so attractive to the ad-
ministration, faculty and student leaders of UCSD. 

" I am very disappointed," AS President Jeff Benjamin 
said. "I feel that UCSD now, at a time that is most critical, 
is really going to be without a leader. The campus's ability 
to work with the Regents in the areas of tuition and 
political tests for faculty members is going to be seriously 
impaired because McGill is leaving. He has been a real 
asset to the campus as a whole." 

Scripps Director William Nierenberg said that " it 
means in two years' time having to start adjusting all over 
again. But we've been here for 70 years and have been 
through tremendous trials - two world wars. I don 't see 
why we can't survive this trial." 

Dean Murphy of Student Affairs warned that the second 
level of administrators "will simply have to do o~ jobs 
and not permit a power vacuum to develop during the 
interregnum. " 

Likewise, Muir Provost Stewart believed that the 
" integrated, coherent administrative group that McGill 
has put together is pledged - somewhat informally - to 
work together to share as much of the work to be done that 

This change in chancellors, these men agree , will be the 
most difficult transition for UCSD this year. "A change in 
chancellors is always unsettling," Clifford Grobstein, 
dean of the School of Medicine, noted "because all policy 
becomes uncertain." 

From the transfer of authority from John S. Galbraith, 
who left UCSD in 1968 to resume scholarly activities at 
UCLA, to McGill it took a full 14 months for the offices of 
the vice~hancellors and deans to be stabilized. Normally 
chancellors appoint men who can work best with them ; 
most of the second-in~ommand resign their posts as a 
matter of course when their chief leaves. "Whoever the 
new chancellor may be, " Dean Murphy observed, "he 's 
got to develop his own administrative team - and that's 
simply a degree of freedom a man must have ; that 's a 
given. " 

For Herbert York, the first chancellor from 1961 to 1964 
who resigned for health reasons before the fall quarter of 
the first year of undergraduate education at UCSD began , 
" there doesn 't have to be any shock effect at all. Any 
additional uncertainty has its negative effects." But from 
his point of view in the office of the dean of graduate 

" It 's still my opinion - of course I sit here at a distance 
of 125 miles - that the staff is certainly not surpassed by 
that of any other campus of the university. And I assume 
that they will continue to be an outstanding staff despite 
the adversities that they have been having in the last few 
years, under existing austere conditions which I hope are 
going to pass." 

McGill said jokingly at the press conference that "the 
person I 'd like to see as my replacement would be just like 
me ." 

But his short tenure has not had a marked enough effect 
on the campus for it to not be able to readjust to someone 
new. 

" He has not been here long enough for his own charisma 
to affect the university," Muir Dean of Students Alan 
Batchelder declared . "He is leaving before the university 
can reflect on his fla vor of style." 

Jeff Benjamin agreed. Although no "campus unity 
exists at the moment, we may have been coming around 
to something like this this year. We may have been going 
in the right direction - getting McGill more involved with 
students. But now we have to start all over again with 
somebody new ." 

PLEASE TUR TO PG. 12 

Tuition Committee Plans 
Rally for Next Wednesday 

General UCSB Strike Follows 
Firing of Popular Professor 

lIy Jill Silil Stiff Writer 
BULLETIN: The Emergency Committee to stop Tuition will hold a 
noontime rally Wednesday In Revelle Plaza. Chancellor McGill has 
cancelled all classes for one hour to allow students and faculty to 
attend. 

The Emergency Committee to Stop Tuition again met last Tuesday 
night to plan ways of influencing the Regents ' Feb. 20 decision 
regarding tuition. 

Containing representatives of San Diego minority communities, 
organized labor, and UCSD faculty and students, the group is trying to 
create a broad coalition of anti-tuition forces which will force the 
Regents to maintain present student fees . The diversity of the group 's 
members is reflected in their different approaches to the issue. Wayne 
Vernon , president of the AFT, reflected that organization 's liberal 
politics by calling for action against Gov. Reagan in next November's 
elections . " A long term effort is needed .. . right up to November. " 

Vernon 's opinions were supported by a representative of the county 
Democratic Council, and by William Martin, a representative of the 
San Diego Labor Council. Students and faculty were more concerned 
with the immediate issue and brushed aside Vernon 's call for action, 
at the same time stressing tactics to be used to influence the Regents . 

Among the techniques already adopted are a petition addressed to 
th Regents, and legislature calling for "no obstruction to the ad-
mission of any qualified students;" letter writing to the "swing 
regents;" and resolutions passed by various community groups to be 
forwarded to the Regents' secretary. Jeff Benjamin, ASUCSD 
president, raised the possibility of student rallies to recruit people for 
collecting petition signatures at shopping centers. Benjamin also 
reported that "the AS senate is pledged to support this committee." 

Those identified as "swing regents" are thought to be undecided. 
They are : Robert Monagan; Edwin W. Pauley; Philip L. Boyd; Ed-
ward Carter; Wendell Witter; Charle J. Hitch; Norton Simon; 
DeWitt Higgs. 

lIy SI .. Wilson Staff Writer 
A general strike was called yesterday at UC 

Santa. Barbara over the firing of anthropology pro-
fessor William Allen. 

Allen was informed of the termination of his con-
tract lasy week by the department chairman, who 
Wednesday explained that A lIen's poor leve 1 of work 
prompted the action. students protested at the 
firing of the second most popular teacher on cam-
pus (according to an Associated students surve.y), 
and demanded an open hearing of the case WhiCh 
has been denied him so far. 

According to Louis DeweY,who, as the first stu-
dent to be arrested when protest rallies broke out 
last week, visited UCSD to seek support from the 
campus yesterday, the strike was voted for Wed-
nesday after 3-4000 students marched through 
UCSB. 

Non-tenured faculty and teaching assistants met 
yesterday to organize unions with the help of the 
American Federation of Teachers and a local or-
ganization. 

Thirty to forty classes were moved off campus, 
but the majority of students attended theirs. strike 
leaders , according to Dewey, a sophomore in soc-
iology, plan to appeal to a ll students in lecture 
halls to join the boycott. 

The strike leaders ' demands are (I) an open hear-
ing for Allen on the departm nt 's charges; (2) in-
itiation of a committee of s tudents and faculty on 
hiring and firing of faculty members; and (3) a 
general amnesty for the 19 people so far arrested 
All but two have been set free on bail; 3 are not 
allowed on campus tor two weeks; and 1 stud nt Is 

still at large. 
Chancellor Cheadle 1 in Africa on Education -

broad business, and in hi:; place is Vice- Chancellor 
Bu ru:.nan , who has denounc d th strike. 

Angela !Alvis spoke at the campu yesterday and 
the AS Legislative Council has called for the su -
pension of Dean of Men Robert Evans Cor incUm 
to r iot. 

PLEASE TUR TO PG. 12 



Colu bia Awaitsl Fresh View; 
on Pr blems from New Head 

(Editor's Note: ['he following is a telephone 
conversation that took place Tuesday between TT 
News Editor Roger Showley and his counterpart at 
the COLUMBIA DAILY SPECTATOR, Mark 
Jaffe.) 

Triton Times: What is the reaction of Columbia to 
the appointment of McGill to the presidency? 
Oally S~tator: McGill is in a very opportune 
position in terms of Columbia, in the sense that he is 
an insider who has been away long enough so that he 
has neither political nor interuniversity enemies. 
The initial reaction is, "good, we now have a new 
president." And the people, especially the faculty, 
are glad that it's somebody who has been at 
Columbia and does know the school. But it's also 
very advantageous that he has been away from the 
school, because no one really knows what his 
position will be on political and academic issues. 
17: What is the biggest issue facing the University 
at this time? 
OS: Economic reform, academic reform and 
physical reform . 

Partly, the University is facing a $10 million 
deficit. Tuition has consecutively risen $200 each 
year in the last three years. Next year it will be 
$2300. Last year there was a $5 rhillion deficit. 

Two, is physical. Columbia is very hemmed in in 
New York City and it's very difficult for it to expand 
physically to provide more space for its divisions. 
There are 17 different divisions. Right now the 
medical school is at 168th street; the school of social 
work is on the east side at 94th street; the school of 
dental work is on the 69th street on the west side. 

The main campus is at 116th street. So the 
divisions are far flung. There is a growing demand 
from all departments for more space. 
17: Is Columbia growing now? 
OS: They can't expand the student body, but thert: 
are greater demands for laboratories, for library 
spaces and for other kinds of facilities . There are 
17,000 students. 

The third problem is that of academic reform, 
particularly at the undergraduate level. There have 
been many suggestions for sweeping changes. One 

proposal would completely bring down the course 
system. You would go to six intensive institutes,like 
an institute to study the urban social problems, 
which would involve urban history, urban sociology 
and urban social psychology for six weeks. Then 
there would be a 3 or 4 week layoff. Then you go into 
another institute, say to study a' European political 
problem. You would go through six of these and then 
you would graduate from Columbia. 
17: What do students think of McGill? 
OS: There was a student-faculty search committee, 
not actually appointed by students but with students 
on it. Originally there were elections, but that was 
right after the spring of 1968 and it was quite chaotic 
and no one really remembers who was on it. 

After that it was sort of self1)erpetuated up until 
this year when the new university senate was 
established. And the search committee under the 
auspices of the Senate - which includes student 
members - had students appointed to the com-
mittee. 

The thing the students most talk about here is that 
he reappointed Marcuse. Other than that, people 
have a "wait and see" policy. No one is particularly 
anti-McGill . 
'IT: How long do presidents usually last in office? 
os : Nicholas Murray Butler was in for 40 years. 
Kirk was here for 10 or 12. It has become a much 
more demanding position, because there are many 
more pressures here now in terms of faculty and 
student voice, than there has been. It's no longer as 
remote a position. People did not used to think about 
the president; he was just someone that sat up in the 
library and did whatever he did. But now people 
expect a lot of the president. When there are 
problems, everyone looks to him for his reaction to 
it. 
'IT: Historically, have the presidents been close to 
the students? 
OS: No. They have usually been quite remote and 
Cordier, who is now president, made a lot of the fact 
that he talked to students. But again that was very 
much a ploy. It was very difficult to talk to him. As a 
matter of fact , Grayson Kirk was quite removed 
from the 'student body. 

Secret FacultySenate Committee 
Will Search f or New Chancellor 

by Raoul Contreras 
5 t.ff Writ. r 

U the method of finding a new 
chancellor for UCSD follows the 
traditional format, the new head 
of the university will be deter-
mined by a secret search com-
mittee and a Regental stamp of 
approval. 

According to Dr. Gabriel 
Jackson, chairman of the 
Academic Senate, members of 
the search committee will be 
chosen by UC President Charles 
Hitch from a slate of candidates 
presented by the UCSD 
Academic Senate. The com-
mittee will then try to find a 

qualified individual acceptable to 
the Board of Regents. The 
Regents also reserve the right to 
present their own nominees. 

Student Repr .. entation 
The seemingly uncomplicated 

process, however, is no 
guarantee of a quick, satisfactory 
selection. Dr. Jackson said, " It 
will probably take some 
time .. . last time we submitted 
(to the Regents) some people we 
thought were distinguished, but 
they were rejected." The last 
time UCSD experienced this 
situation, In September of 1967 

ome· y 
Fi rst fi rst. 

And find out what Service really means. 
Just keep (; minimum of $100 in your check-
ing accoun" (personal or business) and write 
all your ChflCks free. 

\ 

. FIRST NATIONAL B ANK 

Member F D.I.C. 

H. K. BARKER, Branch Manager 
La Jolla Shotes Br, 2256 Avenlda de la Playa, La Joll? 

Pe " 2 Tritll Th" .. Februlry I, 1970 

after Chanceilor John S. 
Galbraith resigned, the search 
committee could not find a 
candidate acceptable to the 
Regents. It then "drafted" 
Chancellor McGill , who was the 
chairman of the search com-
mittee, for an interim period. 

The committee which finally 
"elected" Chancellor McGill 
consisted of seven members. It 
exercised its option and declared 
itself secret to the public, with the 
exception of its chairman. This 
was felt to be necessary to make 
the committee "immune" from 
outside pressure . 

Mlybe Lonl S •• rch 
As the time for choosing a new 

chancellor approaches, the 
question of student represen-
tation is being raised. In the past 
the equating of student 
representation with open search 
committees has ruled out the 
possibility of student voice in 
selections. However , among 
those fa voring student 
representation is Chancellor 
McGill who has said that "there 
should be student representation 
on the search committee." 

A federal grand jury indicted 10 Alameda County sheriff's 
deputies and two former deputies last Monday on charges that 
they violated the civil rights of persons fired upon or jailed 
during the People's Park demonstrations at Berkeley last 
May. Ten of the deputies were indicted for bad treatment of 
prisoners at Santa Rita Rehabilitation Center. They were 
accused of conspiring to "strike, beat, threaten, intimidate 
and harass" those booked at the jail facility after the mass 
arrest of more than 400 persons in downtown Berkeley. The 
deputies were also charged with illegally confiscating, ap-
propriating, and destroying personal property of those 
arrested. Sheriff Madigan called the indictments part of a 
"witchhunt" by the federal government. 
G i,/ to II, Ex.cut,d 

According to the Los Angeles Free Press (January 30), 
Marie Hill, a mentally retarded 17-year-old black girl, is now 
awaiting execution in North Carolina for the alleged murder of 
a white shopkeeper. She was found guilty over a year ago on 
the basis of a confession she made and later repudiated. At her 
trial, her attorneys were able to produce witnesses to the fact 
that she was out of state at the time of the killing. The North 
Carolina law under which Miss Hill was sentenced was later 
declared unconstitutional. Under that law, the same jury 
which rules on guilt or innocence also decides the penalty. The 
jury is given no standards for choosing between life and death. 
Since the jury did not recommend life imprisonment, she 
received the death penalty automatically. Her attorneys are 
now working on an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. 

D, • ., ",.tion P,oll/ ••• 
Several weeks ago, federal courts ordered desegregation in 

many school districts of the South. Among them was Volusia 
county, Florida. Last Friday Governor Claude Kirk Issued 
executive orders prohibiting forced bussing to implement 
these plans. Kirk's order said school officials who fail to 
comply with it will be subject to "executive action. " The 
following day, a federal judge told Volusia County school of-
ficials that he expected complete school desegregation despite 
the governors order. John Mattingly , a school board attorney, 
said that he would have to recommend to the board that it obey 
the court. and not Kirk . 

P,o".SS in A/.II •• 
The all-white Alabama State Democratic Executive Com-

mittee voted Saturday to expand its membership and change 
the method of its election, opening the way to substantial black 
representation. The decision on a vote of 36 to 26 represented a 
victory for Democrats loyal to incumbant Governor Albert 
Brewer, and a defeat for the state's rights Democrats backing 
former Governor George Wallace. Under the plan adopted, the 
executive committee will be expanded from 72 to 111 members 
and 106 of them will be elected in separate districts. In the past 
the members were elected at-large in congressional districts, 
effectively freezing out Blacks. 
Sen Di"o Po/ice 

Last week on KNBC (Channel 4 L.A .), Art White, a news 
reporter , gave a special report on the corruption of the San 
Diego Police Department . He had evidently gotten his hands 
on a "special secret report" of a months-long investigation by 
a Federal Grand Jury, to be presently released (although it 
will probably be difficUlt to find in San Diego) . Excerpts from 
his television broadcast appear in the January 23-29 issue of 
the San Diego Street Journal. White's opening premise is the 
following: " In the harsh reality of daylight and buried in the 
office buildings and bars , San Diego is a controlled city 
dominated by powerful groups, one with connections in the 
underworld, another a group of extremely wealthy, politically 
powerful and socially prominent businessmen. " 

A special statewide survey released Sunday by the State 
Bureau of Criminal Statistics showed that California judges 
vary sharply in toughness when sentencing first-time 
marijuana law offenders. The report revealed that the 
seve rity 0/ a sentence for possessing grass is largely deter-
mined by where the subject lives. A judge has the power, for 
first offenders, to levy a misdemeanor penalty. The state 
statistics show that in Orange County, nine out 0/ every ten 
persons convicted for possession receive a felony sentence, 
while the figure is two out of ten in Los Angeles. Statewide , it is 
four in ten. The statistics cover the first six months of 1969. 
liND knock" Knocked 

The LOS ANGELES TIMES last Monday strongly 
denounced the " No-Knock" provision of the Drug Bill recently 
passed by the Senate , claiming that " the Administration and 
Congress may unwittingly be moving to erode certain rights 
which are fundamental to the preservation of a free society." 
The provision is ambiguous, and the TIM1:.S editorial 
discusses this : " It is not clear if it is permissive or mandatory 
whether a judge must issue a no-knock warrant after being 
told by agents that illegal narcotics are at a certain site. 
Moreover , it demands knowledge which no man, judge or 
otherwise, possesses. How Is anyone to know whether evidence 
will be destroyed?" 

;AT BERKELEY 

Remters Strike 
Eor Recognition 
by Lo nli ne Eve rnh . .. St i ff Write r 
Nearly 455 Berkeley residents stopped paying rent as of Feb. 1. . 
They are all members of the Berkeley Tenants Union ( BTU), which 

was formed last fall in the aftermath of the People's Park crisis. The 
union was created by members of the People's Park Activist Com-
mittee when they, other students and many residents decided to take 
action to improve their living conditions. 

The BTU rent strike was called at a mass meeting Jan. 21 when 453 
BTU me~bers voted to withhold their rent money until their landlords 
agreed to negotiate with the union. 

While the initial demand of the BTU was that the landiords 
recogpize the uniQn as its members' collective barg~ining agent, ~ts 

ultimat~ .goal is to negotiate for lower rents and unproved mam-
tenance of living units. 

The BTU has made repeated efforts to negotiate with property 
owners with little success. Very few of the 700 to 1,000 small landlords 
and no~e of the large landlords have acknowledged the union as the 
tenants' . repreB~ntati ve body. 

Landlords u~elple.s~ " 
The l~Cnords' failure to recognize the union probably results from 
th~ir 'statement ' that higher rents are due to factors beyond their 
control. "They cite such factors as inflation, rising raxes, and th~ fact 
that there are rriore potential student tenants than low cost apart-
ment!: at BerKeley, as instrumental in their decision . . 

'BTU leaders ' concede that landlords are facmg rIsmg 
tates -'"- sometimes twice the assessments of a few years ago - but 
tile union charges that many landlords nevertheless are making ex-

ceSSi\·~prOfits . .., 
Faced'with landlords that will not recognize them, the BTU mem-

bers say they have no other recourse but to strike . 
Union leaders have not backed down in their decision to deal directly 

with the landlords, even though the Berkeley City ~uncil has offered 
to foot a $3,850 bill to bring in an independent mediation board . 
BTU Plans Reo' Squeeze 

The BTtJ's 'plan is to squeeze landlords financially by withholding 
rent and by stalling eviction proceedings. Union leaders say they think 
this strategy will force landlords who need rent money for mortgage 
payments to negotiate with them rather than face bankruptcy. 

Currently, when a tenant refuses to pay rent he is served with a 
notice to either "pay up or move out," which allows him three days to 
act.H the landlord does not receive the rent money within this three-
day period he-can ask a court for an " unlawful detainer action," which 
is a legal device ordering the tenants' eviction. The court may also 
require an attorney an eviction fees. 

The BTU hopes to stall these court proceedings by requesting jury 
trials instead of the summary trials usually designated for such cases. 
(Summary trials are decided by the presiding judge rather than a 
juty.) The city, however , may counter the BTU's attempt to stall court 
proceedings by transferring some of the trials to the jurisdiction of 
nearby cities. 

Landlords CM counter their tenants' efforts to stall court 
proceedings by making use of an alternative legal tactic. Tenants 
usually can not be evicted until a final court order has been issued to 
the SheriWs Department; however, the landlord, by posting a bond, 
can request a special hearing prior to trial to try and prove that the 
tenant is insolvent (I.e. without money to pay rent ). If a landlord can 
prove that his tenant is insolvent he can have the tenant evicted during 
the time of the court trial. 

To prevent such actions the BTU has asked its members to place in 
escrow whatever amounts they consider to be " fair rent ." Yet, ac-
cording -to California law, escrow accounts cannot be used as 
justification for withholding rent money. 

The BTU plans to use any time gained in stalling court proceedings 
to negotiate with landlords, hOJ:ing that they will sign a collective 
bargaining agreement. The BTU will also use the time to try and 
"educate the community" and create sympathetic juries. 
Evictions Intolerable 

Union leaders emphasized thal they would not tolerate evictions. 
They have developed an "eviction warning system," an extra-loud 
resonatlng horn designed to bring neighbors to the scene of evictions. 
They have acknowledged that their announced policy of physically 
resisting evictions may result in violent confrontations with police. 
However, they have also emphasized their reluctance to take part in 
physical conflicts, and maintain that only the police can initiate such 
violence. 

Jack Setzer, former president of the Berkeley Board of Realtors, 
disagrees with the whole BTU approach. He says that " the BTU could 
have a useful function in Berkeley if they were sincere, and I think its 
lack of sincerity will kill it. " 

Setzer expresses the feelings of many of the Berkeley landlords who 
have charged that the BTU's overall strategy has been motivated by a 
desire to force violent confrontation. 

While the BTU has not talked .in terms of massive demonstrations 
such as occurred during the People's Park crisis, Setzer says that " no 
doubt we are going to have some more physical violence. Potentially 
the rent strike could make People's Park look puny, because the ac-
tion will be spread out all over th~community . 

CASA DEL PON.CHO 
7457 II JIIiI a..llVlul 

... , '.Irl I t. 
Ponchos-Miniskirts-
Peasant blouses and 
dresses-Shawls, etc. 

Earrings for pierced ears 

Handcrafted Imports from Ecuador 

Pictured above are Provost Paul Saltman, AS 
President Jeff Benjamin and Prof. Nemat-Nasser 
who along with Chancellor McGill and Fritzi Muer, 
member of Revelle Committee on College Affairs, 
adtl.ressed Revelle College last Friday in Cluster I 

gym. Discussed were prospects for tuition for UC 
students, plans for student participation in college 
governance, and future goals of Revelle. RCCA 
plans quarterly meetings like this one in the future . 

AS See"s Voice in Choosing Chancellor 
Tuition Emergency Committee Underway 
The AS Senate plans to become directly involved 

in the selection of a chancellor . President Jeff 
Benjamin hoped that he could be a "funnel for 
student voice" should he be able to serve on the 
official search committee which will soon be ap-
pointed by UC President Hitch . In the meantime the 
AS will begin a list of prerequisites for any can-
didate which the Senate feels are important from 
the students ' point of view. 

Participation by the AS in the activities of the 
Emergency Committee to Stop Tuition is growing 
as the group meets each week. Working against the 
Feb. 20 deadline, when the Regents meet in San 
Francisco, ECST will mount a publicity campaign 
which the AS will help finance to urge the pCiblic to 
write their legislative representatives to oppose 
tuition . However, Bruce Morden , Revelle Senator, 
expressed the fear Tuesday that " we are jumping 
on the (anti-tuition) band wagon six months late." 

Vice-president Mike Palcic reported that AS food 
services at Re'velle , Scripps and the Medical School 
are hopefully going to come out on top, despite a 
current overall deficit of $5000. Plans for taking 
over the snack bar in the Muir Commons will lie 
dormant for a time , he said, to let High Con-
tinental - which operates the campus 
cafeterias - get settled. Nevertheless the AS is 

want bread? 
get ads for 

the TT 

1111 1110111101 
,.LA.H 
OOlOaON 

proposing that the Coffee Hut be expanded at Muir 
to serve sandwiches of freshly cut cold meats . 

Benjamin says that he has invited Assemblyman 
Jess Unruh, candidate for governor this year, to 
speak on campus. He spoke at UCLA in January. 

Revelle Committee 
The RCCA finalized and amended the version of 

the Plaza Committee report, referring the section 
concerning live bands and music to the Inter Hall 
Council. 

RCCA appropriated $111 to the Creative Arts 
Committee. The Committee has been active in 
creative arts, tie dye , etc . 

Also discussed were the paths open to Revelle in 
the attempt to head off tuition . RCCA decided that 
the proposal of Professor Schultz made at the 
Revelle College Meeting was not feasible . It would 
take two to three million dollars and a campaign 
that started six months ago to accomplish an ef-
fective ad campaign to counter tuition. But RCCA 
did delegate a representative to the meeting by San 
Diego area citizens concerned about tuition . Only 
one other student was there . 

S AN "RANCISCO 
C REAM D REAM 

WEEKEND 
PASS 

Fidelity Un ion 
Life Insurance Co. 

CollegeM aster 

Guaranteed by a top company 
.... _._----_ ... 

No war exclusion clause in the 
basic policy 
Exclusive b'e-rieflts -at special rates 
Full avlafioric(iv-irage 

.............. 

Premium deposits deferred until 
you are out of school 

HolidlY Inn 
SUITE 100 
LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 
453-1863 or 
279-6878, 272-0548 

Don Clem.n - Monte Evins 

\1"'41 

MA1"'I"e' 1'R1 $IS 
~\..L:t.tIOOD . ~1le t ~ 

~MO{le 

~ t-U.w ..... 1. f~~ 
~ ~'-;').J 

F~~ 
.. ~fN.i500 

~ Feb. 7 

454 -1316 

Rap with yom PSA rep 
Pam Peterson . agent for 
SIX non-stops daily to 
San FranCIS 0 Flights 
every hour on t'"le half-
hour to LA Als ::>. great 
service to Hollywood-
Burbanlo.. - dl1 JO e uaK-
IClnd . and Sacramento 
You 've got ~:r(' 
her number .. ~ 

PSA 
lIVeS 

you altft 
T,I til Ti... F .. rury'. 1170 P.,. 3 



Are Y Dr Dreams Rated "X"? 
by Pili Emul . 

Ailor. . N IWI :Editor 
It 's early Saturday morning 

and you 're still sleeping in that 
nice, warm bed. You're having a 
weird dream of walking by a 
church and seeing people going 
in, but you don't want to go in. 

Suddenly the bells you are 
hearing turn into the loud ringing 
of your alarm clock. You wake up 
and casually remove the little 
box that is attached to your head. 

From the time last night when 
you gratefully plunged into that 
routine region of active darkness, 
this simple device has been 
bringing in brain waves by 
telemetry from your home to the 
local EEG center, to be in-
terpreted by your friendly 
psychoanalyst or 
neurophysiologist. 

Sound like a science-fiction 
story? Well, actually you might 
be one of the 250 people who woke 
up to go to the one-<iay "Sleep and 
Dreams" Seminar, featuring a 
panel of five specialists at the 
Town and Country Hotel, that 
was offered last Saturday 
through the UCSD Extension 
Division. Although most at-
tending were middle-aged 
members of the community, 
"increasingly more un-
dergraduates are coming," said 
Program Coordinator Mrs . 
Margorie Schneider, because the 
subjects offered are often "more 
relevant. " 
The Darkness of Sleep 

The mystery of "that phase of 
darkness between the darkness of 
which we are born and the 
darkness of which we end" was 
posed by Dr. Charles Spooner of 
the UCSD Medical School, as he 
outlined the current scientific 
interest in the study of sleep with 
a talk on the "Anatomy and 
Chemistry for Sleep 
Mechanisms. " 

The evolutionary origins and 
the various functions of sleep are 
still unknown, and leave exciting 
frontiers for revealing the un-
conscious . Since a sleeping 
creature lies still, the study of 
sleep s the easiest and perhaps 
most active way to the study of 
the mind. 

Possibly it was out of necessity 
for early man to go to sleep at 
nightfall, or perhaps sleep is a 
necessary interval for the 
psychic or physiological well-
being of the organism. Let the 
doctor lose a little sleep over the 
problem of sleep and volunteer 
yourself for a few nights at one of 
Dr . Spooner 's "Sleep Labs." 

Dream Physiology 
You are all decorated with 

wires, and occasionally needles 
are implanted in the brain . At 
eleven o'clock you are relaxed, 
your body temperature begins to 
fall , and you become devoid of 
much deliberate th( ught. As you 
hover on the border of 
drowsiness, the a pha rhythm 
diminishes on th ) polygraph 
where your jumtle of brain 
waves are recordel . Your eyes 
begin to slowly roU lls ou enter a 
sounder sleep whic h is yet still 
not too hard to wake 1 from . If you 
had lost previou< sleep, you 
spend more time i I this deeper 
phase. Then you enter the first of 
your four to six dream phases . 

During your wak: ng hours you 
had rather low anlplitude fluc-
tuations on the Elec-
troencephalograph (EEG ). But 
as you sink into a greater sense of 
oblivion and start dreaming, you 
have very era tic paradoxical 
waves. This dream state occurs 
apprOximately every 90 minutes , 
the first period being the soun-
dest. 

The popular notion (yet still 
debated) is that dreams occur 
during tile REM stage (rapid eye 
movements ), a period of massive 
psychic electrical discharge. U 
you are awakened in the mid-
dream period, you would most 
likely remember it; but five to 
ten minutes after, chances are 
that you wouldn 't recall. 
Dream Images 

What kind of images do you see 
running through your mind while 
you are in tIlis mysterious state of 
oblivion? Having dreamed of 
being a butterfly, are you now a 
man having dreamed a butterfly 
or a butterfly having dreamed a 
man? To put ourselves in per-
spective on how man has viewed 
these dreams, Dr. James T. 
Thickstun offered a larger world 
view in his "Historical and 
Transcultural Aspects of 
Dreams." 

Our culture has a definite in-
fluence on our dreams in that 
various taboos and ideals that 
bring about anxieties and in-
securities or sexual and 
agressive needs are reflected 
through our dreams. Thus tIlere 
is the story of an early chemist 
who instead of visions of sugar 
plums, an imagined snake with 
its tail in its mouth forms a ring 
that is interpreted as an 
association with the benzene 
ring. 

The Hopi Indian culture, for 
example, provides its own in-
dividual rigid patterns of dreams 
which are absent in our culture. 
li you were a Hopi , you were 
never quite "weaned" from your 
culture in that everyone in your 
society " mothers" you. When you 
have a bad dream, you wake up 
and tell everybody about it. This 
might be interpreted as a 
prediction of the vengance to 
come from the great serpent that 
lives in the lower world. 

For the early Egyptians, the 
gods revealed themselves in your 
dreams to give warnings, or 
provide communication wHh the 
dead . Some cultures have 
solicited dreams which are 
brought about by drugs, fasting 
or staying awake for long 
periods. Thus by sleeping in 
certain temples, by eating, 
drinking or smelling strange 
tIlings, your dreams could be 
influenced by the gods. 

The Sioux Indian had puberty 
dreams by which, after fasting 
and the support of supernatural 
protectors, your role in life could 
be established. Plato, in The 
Republic , tells us that " in all of 
us, even in good men, a lawless 
wild beast nature peers out of us 
in sleep." Freud advances a 
theory of mental telepathy which 
allows for " thought trans-
ference" from one person to 
another during sleep. 
Dream Meanings 

Dr. lzner elaborated, in his 
" Psychology of the Dreaming 
Process," the classic Freudian 
theory of the dream as an ex-
pression of a wish yet unfulfilled 
or as the id developed in early 
childhood which is repressed by 
the ego 's defenses, a theory 
arising out of Freud's "The In-
terprektlion \if ))r"!>m'l " 

The dream serves as a com-
promise formation which allows 
for the discharge of psychic 
energy concepts that are not 
permitted in daily life . The 
analysis of dreams thus takes on 
a universal clinical function of 
interpreting various concepts of 
the unconscious, such as sym-
bolism, the pleasure-pain prin-
ciple, and dynamic and economic 
factors. 

Dr . Alan D. Rosenblatt ex-
pressed "The Use of the Dream 
in Understanding the Individual" 
by outlining the revelatory 

PI,I 4 Tri ton Times Februlry 6. 1910 

communication value of a dream 
tIlat a patient would have. On the 
side, he expressed favor of Dr. 
Izner's ided of lighting up a joint 
and letting a free association of 
ideas flow out; but noted the 
possibility of losing IMA funding. 

Rosenblatt consider.' the 
dreams of his patients as il gift of 
tile individual tIlat involves a 
transformation of mental con· 
cepts into presentation symbols. 

The manifest dream content Is 
a meaningful cognitive product 
which has very distinctive 
dreaming styles. It may vary 
accordlng to fantastic, unreal, 
grandiose, sexual or aggressive 
urges. A depressed person, for 
example, has increased preoc-
cupation with notions of escape, 
helplessness , or hopelessness. 
Thus the psychoanalyst can take 
a dream or series of dreams, 
evaluate their manifest content 
with respect to what corresponds 
in your life and come up with 
clues to certain mental disorders. 

Dr. Reginold Bickford of tile 
UCSD Medical School offered "A 
Critical Evaluation of the 
Evidence," in which he called for 
the bringing together of the 
Scientific aspects of 

neurophysiology with the 
analytic aspects of com-
munication problems. He noted 
that tile epilepsy experience is 
observable through tile electrical 
brain stimulation recorded on the 
EEG (tIlus noting the possibility 
of having brain waves piped from 
the natural environment of your 
home to an EEG center over tile 
simple telephone ). 

matter of resting tile brain, for it 
is during this time that the brain 
becomes many times more ac-
tive. Bickford cited the 
possibility of a sleep producing 
mechanism in the brain that 
maybe could be impaired and 
thus cutting out the necessity for 
sleep. 

But if there was no sleep and no 
dreams, tIlen what would the 
psychoanalyst do ? Sleep is not just a simple 

555 DA YS LA TER 

"I Didn't Seek the ,Office" But.:: 
by Rich Heimlich 
F .. ture Editor 

Chancellor William J. McGill will assume the 
duties of the president of Columbia University by 
September 1. In a few months he will be leaving tlle 
wind-swept bluffs of La Jolla Farms that has been 
his home for the last 18 months since he became 
Chancellor and take up residence in teeming New 
York. His commanding view of the blue Pacific here 
will be replaced by the grim vista of Harlem in grey 
New York. 

Dr. McGill probably wouldn't be making tl1is 
journey if the events of the last 18 months had been 
different. It was through a " baptism of con-
frontation" that McGill changed from a docile 
academician, jumping at each shadowy crisis, into 
an able administrator who is trying to stand firm in 
tile white-hot light of political conflict. 

" I dido't seek the office," said McGill, "but I 
dido 't refuse it eitller. UCSD was in serious trouble 
after former Chancellor John S. Galbraitll left. 
When UC President Charles Hitch asked me to 
become Chancellor I agreed in hope of selecting a 
permanent chancellor within a year. I never made 
that selection. I gradually came to like being 
Chancellor. " 

The Chancellor describes his first year in office as 
"a stormy one on the mesa" which was marked by 
many crises. In October 1968, he clashed with Gov. 
Ronald Reagan and conservative forces over the 
reappointment of Marxist philosopher Dr. Herbert 
Marcuse to the UCSD faculty. 

Dr . Marcuse's professorship was renewed for a 
term . But following the dispute, the Board of 
Regents assumed veto power over all permanent 
faculty appointments - a move that profoundly 
disturbed McGill . 

"There will be no inquisition aimed at political 
heretics while I am Chancellor, " he told the 
Academic Senate in October that year. That month 
McGill began to realize the difficult situation of a 
Chancellor and hoped for a way out. " I sat back in 
my chair one day ," he related, "and asked myself 
what in God 's name am I doing here. I visited my 
physician in hopes he could find something wrong 
with me. But events overtook me." 

Help create a forum for dialogue . All 
members of the university community 
are invited to express their views in the 
opinion section of the TRITON TIMES. 
COLUMNS should be typed, double-
spaced , with 60-unit margins, and must 
be received no later than Monday for 
publication on Friday. Please do not 
exceed 800 words . Aside from space 
considerations, columns will be chosen on 
the basis of their interest, importance, or 
entertainment value . Mail to : TRITON 
TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD, La Jolla , 
92037, or submit in person at the office. 

In November he faced supporters for Black 
Panther leader Eldridge Cleaver on tile free speech 
plaza. "My knees were knocking tIlat day," he 
recalls. "There were about 300 people on the plaza 
along with many Berkeley Free Speech pros. It was 
a terrible thing. We argued hotly for a long time." 

"But," the Chancellor continued, "I'll always 
remember a bearded fellow in the crowd who stood 
up and said that while the argument centered on the 
inhuman treatment of Cleaver, the crowd was 
giving worse treatment to McGill. But tllat night I 
felt envigorated from the confrontation and no 
longer as fearful of political combat." 

The Chancellor grew more politically adept in 
handling explosive situations tIlat had once caused 
him qualms of insecurity in the past. When the 
original Lumumba-Zapata demands were made 
amidst an aura of confrontation in March 1969, tlle 
Chancellor "wasn 't scared," but noted that "many 
administrators were." 

In terms of political combat, McGill will be 
leaving a growing brush fire here and entering a 
veritable forest fire at Columbia. Columbia was 
forced to close for six weeks in the spring of 1968 In 
tile wake of student disorders . 

The largest college in the University is Columbia 
College, witll a student population of 17,000 in an 
area as small as Revelle College here. While UC is 
bracing for the implementation of tuition, Columbia 
must raise their $2100 yearly tuition by ·$300. 

"Here in San Diego," says McGill, " I feel hiddeh 
from the most important problems our world faces. 
I prefer the challenge of Columbia." '· -

Whereas once McGill wag. merely wailing for :a 
chance to jump out of the administrative ring , he is 
now throwing in botll his hat and himself. "I prefer 
tile excitment of being Chancellor," says the former 
psychology professor , " to re~ntering my academic 
field . I've been away from my studies too long." . 

This has been a generally quiet year at UCSD. 
The Board of Trustees at Columbia could only judge 
Dr. McGill on his 18 months here as UCSD's third 
Chancellor in five years . Dr. McGill will certainly 
finish the current academic year for which he is 
under contract. He is, then , still accountable for his 
remaining months at UCSD and will be judged 
accordingly. His test here is not quite through . It is 
hoped that this campus will not have a "vanishing 
Chancellor" during the coming montlls. 

Communication can't be one-sided I . 
There must be someth ing that's 
bothering you nationally, on campus, or 
even in this newspaper. The TRITON 
TIMES welcomes LETTERS TO THE 
EDITOR and will print as many as space 
permits. Letters should be typed, double-
spaced, with 60-unit margins, and must 
be received no later than Tuesday for 
publication on Friday. Mail to : TRITON 
TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD, La Jolla , 
92037, or submit in person at the office, 
NW corner Blake Hall . 

.j 

.:. 

-. 

RCA 
On Campus 
Interviews 
for Computer Sales 
and Systems 
February 18 

BS, BA and MBA candidates: interview RCA, on 
campus, for our Computer Sales and Systems Program. 
The Program consists of ten weeks of formal training 
at Cherry Hill, New Jersey that will provide you with 
a broad knowledge of the field of your choice - Sales 
or Systems - followed by an assignment at one of 
our field sales offices located throughout the United 
States. You will be working directly with the complete 
Spectra 70 family of computers which are highlighted 
by large-scale communications and time·sharing 
applications. 

See your placement officer to arrange an interview, 
Or write to RCA College Relations, Dept. CSS, 
Building 205-1, Camden, N. J. 08101. We are an 
equal op;:>ortunity employer. 

nen 

INCOME compared 
INCOME 
PER 
VEAR 

50.000 
and up 

20.000 

10,000 

5.000 
3,000 

Very low 

to VOCA'BULARY 

Low Medium High Very High 
VOCABULARY lEVEL 

THE PERSONS AT THE TOP LEVEL OF EARN· 
ING POWER IN THEIR PROFESSION ARE THOSE 
WITH THE HIGHEST LEVELS OF ENGLISH VO-
CABULARY. THIS IS TRUE FOR PEOPLE IN 
BUSINESS, MEDICINE, LAW, ENGINEERING, 
MUSIC, ART, AND SCIENCE, AS WELL AS 
OTHER FIELDS. INCREASE YOUR ENGLISH 
VOCABULARY PERMANENTLY AND PAIN· 
LESSL Y AT ANY OF THE LEXICON LOCATIONS 
LISTED BELOW. 

Downtown LexIcon Center 

Fifth AWlout FIOInC'" c.n .... 
F 'fUl Ind Leu,., 
San 0,,,,,. C."Iorni. 92103 
PIIore: 2337212 

State College Lexicon Center 

5189 Coil ... Avon .. 
Son 0,,,,,. CaI,fom .. 921 '5 
PIIone; 287·0222 

La Jolla LexlCOfl Center 
2163 A""id •• ,. 1'1..,. 
L. JoII .. CII,fom11 92031 
Phore. 454-2221 

North County L Icon Cen ter 

1 ,sa Comin~ Do. MOl 
011 MI<. CaI,fomll 92014 
Ph.,.,. ' 7S§.lO&t 

Triton Times Februlry 6, 1910 





fOR YOUR BEITY SUPPLIES 
St.ll1Mt 

BEAUTY STORES 
Special D;s~ounts with 

Student Card 

Cla;ro;l-Lap;nal 
Roux-Breck 

English Leather 
Ozon-Hellite 

Old Sp;ce-Redkin 

COSMITICS 
SHAMPOOS 

WAVIS 
HAIRSPAAYS 
WIGS 
WIG SUPPLIIS 
GifTS 

DIANE SHOPPING CENTER 
4702 CLAlREMONT MI:.SA BLVD. 

, 272- 3242 

UNIVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOPPING CENTER 
3979 GOVERNOR DR. 

In conjunction with the La Jolla Museum of Art's 

DIMENSIONS OF BLACK 
Februlry 15-Mln:h 29. 1970 

A MAJOR DISPLAY OF WORK BY BLACK ARTISTS, 
AFRICAN AND AMERICAN, PAST AND PRESENT .... 

THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO 
TAKES PRIDE IN PRESENTING THE FOLLOWING 
OUTSTANDING BLACK PERFORMING ARTISTS .... 

THE TOWODA AFRICAN DANCE ENSEMBLE 
Siturdlyl, fib. 21 

Sherwood Hall, La Jolla 

LEROI JONES AND COMPANY - FridlY, fib. 27 
In two one act plays at the UCSD Gymnasium 

SONNY TERRY AND BROWNIE MC GHEE 
SundlY, Ml r. 1 

Rhythm and blues from the old school. 
Sherwood Hall (Reserved seating) 

LES MC CANN - SlturdlY. Mlr. 7 
Jazz Plano at Sherwood Hall 
(Reserved seating) 

Tickets Cor Towoda Ensemble and Terry/ McGhee 
NOW at UCSD Central Box OUice, Urey Hall Lobby. 
Others available after FEB. 17. Phone reservations 
accepted: 453-6151. 

1251· 4TH AVENUE • 
6141 MISSION GORGE ROAD • 

(714) 239·2149 
(714 ) 211 ·6611 

inquirll ., Triton Timlll OffiCII 

PI,I 8 Triton Tim .. hbrulry'. 1970 

Scholars vs. football players? Lab partners 
vs. fraternity brogthers? UCSD academics vs. 
San Diego State social life? These and other 
stereotypes about the two San Diego cam-
puses were somewhat dispelled in an informal 
interview survey conducted earlier this week 
by the Triton Times. 

San Diego State and UCSD students were 
asked to give their individual impressions 
about such general concepts as personal 
future goals, educational phiIisophy on their 
campus, and the trends and directions of their 
schools in the future. Upon comparison, the 
replies indicate that there is not an enormous 
gap between students at this campus and 
those at our cross-town neighbor. 

It became obvious that the twenty people 
interviewed at each school held common 
misconceptions about the other. UCSD 
students presented an air of intellectual 
snobbery about SDSC and the State College 
system in general, while most of the State 
students admitted a great lack of knowledge 
about anything that happens on the UCSD 
campus. San Diego State was typified by 
UCSD students as being for " a certain level of 
student; mostly those desirous of just a four-
year degree." In the eyes of the State 
students , UCSD is " on a different intellectual 
level" and is primarily " a bunch of scien-
tists. " 

Reasons for Choosing Their School 
To determine the impressions of students 

themselves, the Triton Times first asked each 
student why he or she selected State or UCSD. 
"The UCSD campus was new and small, " was 
a typical reply. The people at State cited 
finallcial considerations as a primary reason 
for choosing SDSC. Tom Van Wagner, 22, a 
senior Zoology major at State, said, " Money 
was a factor, but San Diego State sounded 
pretty good to me anyway. I went to 
Grossmont College for two years and never 
really considered any four year college other 
than tate. " 

Jim Magill, a junior History major at 
UCSD, said he had no financial concern but 
" ... liked the idea of a small school wh~re I 
could get a high-quality education. Also, I had 
originally planned to go into science, and I felt 
the program here was oriented to tha tend." 
The strong emphasis on science and math 
seemed attractive to most UCSD students that 
were interviewed, and some went further by 
citing the high expectations they had for the 
emphasis placed on a solid general education 
program during the first two years. 

Those at San Diego State did not see the 
G.E . program in quite as favorable light. 
When asked if they had considered any UC 
schools, the majority replied yes, but that 
they didn't like aU the requirements. Russ 
Stever, a junior Physical Education major, 
commented: " I seriously considered the 
University of California, but I really didn' t 
want to meet the math, science and/ or 
language requirements." , 

Goals : In and After College 
Everyone interviewed from both schools 

expressed a desire to graduate. By far, the 
most-mentioned advanced degree at State 
was the Standard Secondary Teaching 
Credential and the possible eventuality of a 
Masters Degree. At. UCSD, however, con-
trary to popular belief, not everyone wanted 
to go as far as obtaining a Ph.D. 

Karen Paulsen, a junior English major at 
State, plans on working toward a Master of 
Arts Degree "because the Master's Program 
presents an opportunity for deeper, more 
concentrated study in your field." With her 
advanced s tudies in English and com-
munications, Karen hopes to work in some 
area of Radi()-Television, and perhaps do 
some creative writing. 

It is interesting that, with few exceptions, 
the people that were interviewed wanted to 
teach, or get involved with personal in-
teraction. As a whole, those at UCSD wanted 
to teach at the college level, while those at 
State were working toward an M.A., which 
would allow econdary or junior college in-
struction. 

Impressions of Educational Attitudes and 
Philosophy 

What of the factory concept of Am >rican 
colleges and universities? Does it apply at 
UCSD or San Diego State? The arguments 
were extreemely polarized, with the State 
stud nts splitting almost evenly pro and con. 
Thos at U SD eemed reluctant to yield their 
position as individual students, and generally 
lated a rath r abstract academic philosophy. 

Mimi Mecchi at State u .. eoUete a ... the 
thing to do; it helps later." She thought that 
most students had a developing interest in 
their classes, and were not there only to obtain 
the piece of paper with B.A. on it. 

Tom Van Wagner strongly disagreed about 
the situation at State: "The system is cut and 
dried. You meet the requirements to graduate 
and that's it. You can free-lance some in th 
upper divisions, but the lower division course 
are strictly cut and dried. . .. Sometimes it 
depends on the teacher ~ a few will let you go < I . 
your own way and try to relate to what's 
happening. " 

Rob Cohen thought that the primary 
motivation behind UCSD was to turn out great 
researchers in all fields; they want to produce 
the best people. "Unfortunately, little thought 
is given to application. All the emphasis is in • • 
pure research. " 

Bob Tyce saw the latk of funding as a 
deterrent to maintaining the earlier 
educa tional atmosphere . "UCSD has 
changed. The requirements in general are 
watered down from when I started here. Of 
course, increased size without a substantially 
increased budget is a real problem. The 

.tudent InwaeU-. Unfortunately, some, 
particularly in the sciences, are overly 
engaged in research," a History major said. 

"The faculty at State is stationary. They 
just don't seem to work for or against 
progress there," a Chemistry major felt. 

H seems, then, that factors other than 
professors are primarily responsible for any 
form of discontent with academics on both 
campuses. To be sure, there were people 
unhappy with certain professors-
instructors in the sciences were judged the 
worst-but the concensus is that the faculties 
are doing a competent, if not admirable job. 
Future for the School and Learning Attitudes 

What about the future? Student reaction to 
this question was animated, to say the least. 
By far, people saw improvement on the 
horizon for San Diego State and UCSD. Most 
at the La Jolla campus emphasized that the 
future would see more student-oriented 
courses, with attention given to personal 
involvement on an individual basis. In other 
words, courses will become more human. 

State students saw their campus expanding, 

Two Approaches to Higher 
.Education · ·UCSD, SDSC 

by StlVI Dorsch Ind DIVI Stearnl 

people seem to be less involved in their 
courses. This may be due in part to the lack of 
the. ne~essary . people <faculty and grads) , 
whIch In turn IS due to poor funding." 

The main points seem clear. UCSD students 
are concern d primarily with the great stress 
of theory and fact with a lack of effective 
application. At San Diego State, there is 
dIstress over the " factory system" with some 
change in the offing. Whether these im-
pre sions are justified by reality is another 
matter, but it is important to see why most 
students feel the way they do at either in-
stitution. 

Are Professors to Blame ? 

Are the professors to blame or responsible 
for these conceptions? When State students 

sa~ they fe~llike ~hey are in a factory , is this 
reflected In attItudes toward their in-

tructors? If UCSD courses are too abstract 
is the instructor at fault? The reactions wer~ 
varied. 

" The professors at UCSD seem to have a 
concern for students. There seems to be a 
bas!c dedication to learning," said a Sociology 
major. 

"S tate ' s professors are generally in-
terested. There are different outlooks, but 
most eem to be there to help and to teach " 
an English major commented. ' 

"The facuIty is generally good at UCSD. For 
the most part they seem to be interested in 

Views on Schools Shared 

The final qUP3Uon posed by the Triton 
Times interviewers was the impressions the 
students had of the other institution and its 
students. The answers followed no specific 
pa ttern except tha t UCSD people seemed to be 
more aware of what San Diego State 
represents than vice versa. The San Diego 
S tate students that were interviewed showed a 
similar tendancy to classify UCSD students as 
scientists and researchers, and admitting to 
little knowledge of UCSD in general. 

UCSD s tudents talked of San Diego State in 
general terms of the social life and athletics 
found on the Montezuma Campus. Girls, 
fraternities, and football received scattered 
mention, but comments about curriculum, 
educational goals, and academic level showed 
insight of San Diego State by UCSD students, 
if not reflecting a genuine interest. 

Rob ohen reflected a genuine interest in 
San Diego State, however, when he answered, 
"Girls' I!" 

Bob Tyce placed the difference between the 
two schools on a basic educationally 
molivational level. "State offers a good four 
year program to be applied right away in a 
profession. UCSD attempts to produce good 
graduate students, students for the advanced 
degree." 

San Diego State students were a little more 
generous in their appraisal of UCSD, with 

answers ng a remarkable sim 
one another. Lynn Morgan based the dif-
ference on the intellectual levels of. the 
students at the two schools. "At San Diego 
State you find an extremely wide spread in 
student intelligence; at UCSD you find a more 
defined or distinct level of intelligence." 

Holly Knapp singled out the great 
possibil.ities of growth at UCSD, as opposed to 
the serious enrollment and space limitation 
problems at State's crowded campus. "UCSD 
can xpand and move - it can maintain 
quality with quantity. San Diego State needs 
another campus or a real shut-down on new 
enrollment. " 

Students' Future Hopes 

Hope for change was an obvious sentiment. 
The instruction at San Diego State was con-
sidered adequate, but not at the level that 
many interviewed would like to see. The over-
riding function of San Diego State College 
remains that of a practical school, turning out : 
more teachers and businessmen than the UC : 
system. Itappears that many would like to see 
an instructional compromise between that 
offered at UCSD and that presently offered at 
State : that is, a deeper intensity in a 
discipline, and possibly more contact with the 
instructor, while avoiding the UCSD science, 
math, and language requirements. 

UC D students have the fear that in-
struction will change greatly from that of-
fered here in the past. The concern was for the 
quality of instruction, which would drop as 
more and more students swelled the 
classromms, and instruction was expanded to 
accomodate them all. Though many felt that 
emphasis on technical studies hampered over-
all campus growth, those studying in the 
science and there tical fields found this em-
phasis desirable. Humanities majors hoped 
for more "student-orie nted" curriculum 
changes. 

Change at San Diego State was not easy to 
specify. Most students realized that the basic 
structure of the institution allows few avenues 
for any far-reaching changes. University 
status was hoped for by most sudents, but 
without serious considerations about what 
that more advanced status entails. Many felt 
that a new name would automatically draw 
more graduate students as well as qualified 
faculty. But, as long as funds and the op-
portunity for research remain as limited as 
they are atState, a name change alone doesn' t 
seem to be the answer. 

UCSD students seemed to have a more 
directional goal in mind and a more specific 
understanding of the philosophy and function 
of their campus than their San Diego State 
counterparts. 

Answers to the questions asked of the UCSD 
people all were basically in the same general 
frame of thought. The students here shared 
basic similarities in their own objectives and 
philosophies about their school. At State, the 
people shared similar hopes and feelings 
about the school, but methods, reasons, and 
personal philosophies and goals differed more 
than at UCSD. This could be an effect of the 
broad spectrum of student intellect and in-
terests at State, which cannot be nearly so 
selective as the UC system. 

an Diego State can offer students basic 
applied courses and practical study which 
allows for immediate job opportunities . The 
notion of a college education completed in four 
years, and then to begin work, is dominant. 
UCSD people have heard over and over that 
the function of UC is to turn out specialists 
who go on to advanced degrees. Those in-
terviewed from this campus indicated that 
this is not necessarily the normal sequence of 
events. Many voiced displeasure with thi 
over-powering philopophy, and hoped for less 
rigid instruction in specia lty fields . 

State is not all rah-rah football , nor i U 0 
all scientists. Both campuses a re good 
r fI ctions of what the guiding educational 
philosophies are in the UC and tate College 
systems. C rtainly, th pr nce of a fin 
res arch in titution like UCSD should have a 
progressive influence on State's in truction. 
This is nota one way street. Our urvey how 
shows that students at State are just a con-
c rned ov r th quality of lh ir in truction a 
those at UCSD, and are not a sub-cia s f 
les r acadamician . 

COMMUNITY B LOCO BANk:' 

327 F street 

PAYS DONORS 
'or $erYice 

'rue. - Fri. 
. 9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

?1" - S328 

~( I~)& 
.. , . , ' Y~.l La .... lei"+! .... 
'.' =t .. \-J BRIAR PIPES 

'!'- ' 
'I; '0 Impor'!~' DOII!stlc 

" lIb.ee •• Plpel , .. 
SlIItken. AccmerltS 
CI,m " C"lrtltts 

LAIGf 51UCTION OF ,"'ERIAetC 
lOOKS .. IIIAGUINU 

WINTHER'S BRIAR PATCH 
CALl-I 454-1278 I 

7174 GII"ID L" JOLLA 

ASIAN AMERICAN RECREATION CLUB, INC. 

SUMMER JET CHARTERS 
to HONG KONG 

& OTHER ASIAN CITIES 
$407 

Round-trip 
to Taipei & 
Hong Kong 

3- month night 
2-month flight 
1- month flight 

~ 
6ne-way 
Charter 
to Japan 

Connecting flights to Singapore, Manila, Bangkok, Seoul 
and Calcutta. 

FOR INFORMATION. WRITE OR CALL 
Stanley 10, Flight Chairman 
P.O. Box 2549, Stanford, California 94305 
Phone: (415) 325- 9015 

Name: 
Ad~es-s-:---------------------------

7th Annual 
Europe 

Jet Flights 

Zip 

los Angeles-london (Round·trlo 
(Fo r student., 'acuity and sta" only) 

Spring Quarter Specla' 
March 29.Juna 16 11 Wk. S25E 

Summer Flight. 
Jun. 15-Sep 22 14 Wk.. $295 
Jun. 21·Aug. 21 9 Wk, $295 
Jun. 22-Sep. 9 I I Wk. $295 
Jut. 5·Sep. 3 8 Wk.. $295 
Sep. 28 LA·London (One-way) $13~ 

L TS Travel Service 
4246 Overland Ave. 
Dept. A 
Culver City, Calif. 90230 
(213) 839- 7591 
Marty: 755- 8850 

SENIORS! 
THE CITY Of LOS ANGELfS 

REPRESENTA TIVE ON CAMPUS, FEBRUARY 16, for 

JR. ADMINISTRA rIVE Assr. 
$7J5 PER MONTH 

All majors qualify: Business Administration, Public 
Administration, Political Science, Economics desired. 

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT YOUR 
PLACEMENT OFFICE. 

brntakeUar 
LIGHT or DARK BEER and LOWEJBRAU ON TAP 

WIDE SELECTION OF FI ~E WINES 
Interesting and Unusual Menu 

Hours' llam-2am. ~unday 4pm-midnite 

1250 PROSPECT St. 454- 2913 
FHnllry'. 117. , •••• 



POSSIBILITIES' 
Black Perspective 
"Dimensions of Black," an 

exhibition comprising ap-
proximately 300 art works from 
more than 30 major museums 
and scores of private collectors, 
has been organized by Professor 
Jehanne Teilhet and her UCSD 
students, in cooperation with the 
University and the La Jolla 
Museum of Art. It will be open to 
the public at the La Jolla 
Museum from Feb. 14 through 
March 29. 

The idea of showing others the 
cultural heritage of Mrica came 
out of an Afro·American Cultural 
Traditions class taught by Miss 
Teilhet, who had been called 
from field work in Nigeria in 
September 1968 to initiate the 
course at UCSD. The class of 
Black and White students • 
became challenged by the idea of 
presenting a comprehensive 
exhibition tracing Black art from 

I 

D.C., doing research and talking 
with major Black artists about 
the concept of the exhibition. 

Following her return from the 
East in the fall, Miss Teilhet 
began to submit formal requests, 
through the La Jolla Museum for 
the works she and her students 
had located in their attempts to 
make the exhibition as com-
prehensive as possible. Loans 
committed to the project range 
from 17th Century Benin bronzes, 
the work of Joshua Johnston, a 
slave artist who painted in the 
last decade of the 18th Century, to 
the Migration Series, a major 
series of 60 works by Jacob 
Lawrence, and the works done 
for the exhibition by such major 
contemporary Black artists as 
Romare Beardon, Sam Gilliam, 
and Charles Alston. 

Enigmatic Enigms 
John Cassavetes ' " Faces" 

opened Wednesday at the 

Judy Collins brings the spring in her voice to San Diego 
next Sunday. 

its African origins through the art 
produced by slaves in the pre-
Civil War period, and en-
compassing the work of con· 
temporary Black artists . A 
particularly relevant aspect of 
the exhibition is the effect that 
African art had on the work of 
such modern masters as Picasso 
and Matisse, and so it was 
decided to include examples of 
the work of European painters in 
the show. 

In April, 1969, Miss Teilhet and 
six of her students left for a five 
month field trip through the 
South to search for visual links 
between Africa and the ew 
World. Three of their most im· 
portant finds included a mask, a 
Gullah walking cane and a knife 
box, two of which have never 
before been displayed. The group 
also spent considerable time in 
New York City and Washington , 

• 

Unicorn. This masterful 
enematic view of middle-aged 
morals is required viewing for 
the complete film goer. 
cassavetes used the medium of 
film to figuratively shower us 
with the shit fr"m the cornucopia 
of maturity. 

This cathartic movie is an 
intensely moving, highly per-
sonal experience that could 
disturbe you, or even shake you 
badly. (Bill Alauglu ) 

On Tap On Campus 
Last Wednesday, the Coffee 

Hut movie , "Bonzo (the ape 
known for his sterling per-
formances with Ronald, the Guv, 
Reagan) Goes to College" was 
too much. The Hut foUows up this 
week, along with heaters to keep 
your "bod" warm, "San Diego I 

4 ;r.~I7,r-r 
"';fl;' • ~;:::l ~~0.:­~ 

SEE A YOUTHFUL EUROPE 
WITH BRITISH STUDENT ESCORTS. 

VARIED PROGRAMS. LEISURE 
TIME WITH PERSONAL FREEDOM 

ON A S.T . o . P. TOUR 

FOR MORE INFORMATION AND BROCHURE 
Cln m -9500 

FedMart Wor" Tours 
8001 othe 110 

San Diego, Calll. 9211l 

, • •• 11 Trj to n Tim.. F.bruary 6. 1970 

Love You," Wednesday night at 
9. 

Ralph, the ever popular rock 
group rides again at the Hut 
Saturday night. 

U you missed the free open-air 
Doc Watson concert, too bad. 
This week you get a second 
chance, with John Best and 
Company. They will give a live 
performance Tuesday in the 
plaza from 11 to 12. His ensemble 
includes a piano, trombone, 
trumpet, and bass. 

Interhall Council is throwing a 
dance next Saturday with 
OtyeMe Band and Ralph . 

In the Sports field, the Peace 
Feelers and the Nads lost again 
(of course). These two fine teams 
are building up momentum for 
their coming play-off game next 
month. In the opinion of this 
writer (Ed. Note: Glen Forsch), 
the game should be fantastic. The 
Peace Feelers play tomorrow at 
10 :30. The Nads play Saturday 
morning. Come out and watch 
them, if you have a strong 
stomach. (Glen Forsch) 

The Prophet Speaks 
This Friday marks the opening 

of "The Broken Wings" at the 
Ken Theater. The film is a 
biographic study of the early 
loves of Lebanese philosopher 
Kahlil Gibran, author of " the 
Prophet." 

In an interview with one of the 
picture's stars, Saladin Nader, it 
was learned that this film' is the 
first Lebanese feature to receive 
commercial distribution in this 
country. Saladin described h!-s 
views of the current trend ill 
movie making and promised that 
his film would be "different. " 
Nader said that "The Broken 
Wings" is a story of love, not sex, 
a film " that could be shared and 
savored." 

The philosophy of Gibran has 
become widely read in this 
country and his book, "The 
Prophet" has sold millions of 
copies. If you have read "The 
Prophet," or enjoy a light , 
romantic show, "The Broken 
Wmgs" should be enjoyable. 

The film opens this Friday at 
the Ken Theater, and continues 
through the week. Special student 
tickets are available for $1.50. 
(Jeff Fried) 

Afercuric ~essage 
Quicksilver Messenger Ser-

vice, remembered for their visit 
to UCSD last year, returns to San 
Diego's Concourse next Friday. 
They will be joined by blues 
musician Albert King, and the 
Jamul City Funk Band. The 
Quicksilver have three albums in 
release, their first entitled 

Bob Davis Camera Shop 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459-7355 

Saladin Nadar, starring in "The Broken Wings," explains 
his views on the current cinema. 

" Quicksilver Messenger Ser-
vice," " Happy Trails," and their 
latest, "Shady Grove." Tickets 
available " in the usual places," 
for another easy-going KPRI-
Southwinds production . 

The Symphony Returns 
Widely-hailed pianist Misha 

Dichter will perform with the San 
Diego Symphony in a concert 
tonight in the Civic Theater. 

Dichter will play the Brahms 
Piano Concerto No. 1 with the 
orchestra under the baton of the 
Music Director Zoltan Rozsnyai. 
The orchestra will perform 
Haydn 's Symphony No. 100 in G 
Minor, " The Military Sym-
phony, " and "These Three" by 
David Ward-Steinman, of San 
Diego State. 

Mter a much-praised debut 
with the New York Philharmonic, 
the New York Times hailed Mr. 
Dichter : "A bear-hug from 
Leonard Bernstein and an 
ovation from the capacity 
audience were Misha Dichter's 
rewards for a brilliant debut." 

The Symphony is in grave 
financial trouble, and it could use 
student support. The Civic 
Theater Box Office has student 
discount tickets. (Bill Alaoglu) 

A Spring Flower 
Judy Collins is coming to the 

Community Concourse next 
Sunday, when she will be joined 
by a folk group, Camp HilltoPJ for 
an evening of light music. Miss 
Collins has broken out of her 
earlier " folk protest" bag and 
has moved to modern light 
music, breaking the charts with 
"Who knows where the Time 
Goes," and "Wildflowers." 

local Guitar 
Joseph Trotter, a lifelong 

resident of La Jolla , will appear 
as a featured soloist with the 
Modern Guitar Quartet in a 
special concert to be performed 
at the Pacific Beach Junior High 
Auditorium on Saturday. The 
quartet features the sounds of 
modern nylon-string acoustic 
guitars in several different in-
terpretations, from classical 
through flamenco to modern jazz 
styles. 

I!J~'~ 
HANDEL 

Hund red. o • • e . e ctlon.--•• c h .t ... 

Sou ndsville locations: 4139 Clllere Ave. lit EI Cljallllvtl 1211 GMnet" PlCltle .. ICII 
217 II . ....... -City .f [I C.jIR 

J I 

. .. 

. .. 

.. 

THB AltTI 
criticism-theater 

Good Irish Brogue and Wit 
Ity un, Jo"'"" An. Writer 

Kissing the Blarney Stone ( initials B.S. ) is a necessity for fully 
appreciating " Playboy of the Western World ," now playing at the Old 
Globe's Cassius Carter Stage in Balboa Park. Good Irish wit and 
oratory, well lubricated with Guiness stout at the local pub, Ipave the 
playgoer with enough Gaelic eloquence ringing in his ears to last until 
St. Patrick's Day. 

Christoper Mahon, strongly characterized by Charles Riendeau, 
shows up at a rural Irish tavern and confesses that he killed his own 
father in a fit of rage. Saints preserve us! This makes him something 
of a celebrity, the most exciting thing ever to happen in a village 
where a good wake is considered the ultimate in entertainment. The 
pub·keeper's daugher and the local widow try to marry him, a gaggle 
of colleens idolize the new-found hero, the men consider him a wonder , 
and Christy MahOn himself (formerly shy and retiring ) comes to like 
the new man. He likes his new identity so well that when the father 
shows up (he was only stunned, not killed ), Christy tries to lay him out 
again. The moral of course, is that when we achieve manhood, there's 
no turning back. 

Jack Aaronson, a good character actor, gives a strong performance 
as Christy's bog-trotting father, as fine an Irishman as ever roared an 
oath. The lovely Kathleen Bishop portrayed Pageen Mike, the pub-
keeper's hellcat daugher who finds Christy marvelous, so long as he 's 
done the deed. Miss Bishop has a very convincing characterization. 
The widow o 'Quinn , an earthy-wise eternal woman, was ably 
executed by the comely Julia Brandley Frampton, a fine local actress, 
who always does a grand job in such roles. The only weak link was 
Victor Nelson as Shawn Keogh, the comically coward suitor to Pageen 
Mike. Nelson over-played the part, depriving the role of much of its 
comic vigor. Finally, Dan Mclaughlin turned in a very good job as 
Michael James Flaherty, the peat-soaked pub-keeper and father, an 
Irishman down to the sod. 

The production captured the flavor very well, making the whole 
thing quite believable. The set was simple but very effectively done in 
the manner of a rural tavern, and contributed greatly to the overall 
impact. Likewise, the costumes came off well. The brogues were not 
up to Berry Fitzgerald standards and sometimes got in the way, but 
the total effect of the characterizations was convincing, and the cast 
integrated well . 

The Cassius Carter Stage tends to play to smaller, more 
sophisticated audiences, being a little more adventurous in its 
program. With the classic "Playboy," it continues its fine reputation 
of quality entertainment. 

An Example 
For 
the Future 

by Paul Hamburg Arts Writer 
The Arts and Lectures program is a UCSD 

enigma. While spending a large portion of student 
registration funds, the Committee for Arts and 
Lectures (CAL) nevertheless rarely serves the 
needs or desires of the students . Once in a while, 
however CAL has managed to break the barriers of 
a typica{ Sherwood Hall concert populated with La 
Jollans but sparsely attended by UCSD students. 
The re~ent visit to UCSD by the brilliant young 
pianist Lorin Hollander was such a case. In c~n. 
junction with the Revelle College Gues~ .. m. 
Residence Committee, CAL attempted to utllize 
Hollander 's talents not only in the Sherwood Hall 
concert which he gave on Friday night, but in 
various campus activi ties as well . The visit of Lorin 
Hollander should set an example for future Arts and 
Lectures endeavors. 

In the case of Lorin Hollander , theory and 
practice did not always coincide . My conception of 
UCSD as a sleepy village was easily confirmed. 
Even when a talent such as Hollander , a man deeply 
concerned with the plight of twentieth century man , 
makes a concerted effort to get to know students, 
comes on campus, even when free "concerts" and 
"rap sessions" are scheduled, only a small part of 
either MC 409 or the Revelle Cafeteria were filled . 

The students were not the only part of the UCSD 
community who failed to take advantage of 
Hollander's talent. Many attempts were made to 
involve Hollander and his varied artistic and in-
tellectual sensibilities in sociology, philosophy and 
psychology classes. Not one faculty member 
seemed genuinely interested. 

Hollander wants to make so-called classical 
music relevant. Relevancy has become a cliche and 
has lost much of it's meaning. But for Hollander 
classical music played without the inhibitions of 
traditional concert practice can be a deeply 
rewarding experience, for both the performer and 
listener, filled with as much love as any rock con-
cert. 

Playing at the Fillmore East last year, Hollan~er 
communicated with his audience in a way which 
revitalized the entire art of concert performance. 

Lorin Hollander 
The concert which he gave at Sherwood Hall ac· 
complished much the same thing . A review of the 
works he performed is meaningless. What needs to 
be said is that there was deeply felt emotion in 
every phrase, a feeling which everyone fortunate 
enough to be there was able to experience. 

UCSD needs more concerts like Hollander 's, 
which are directed to the students. Instead of acting 
as an independent concert agency, CAL should 
attempt to meet the needs of UCSD by trying to get 
more people like Lorin Hollander who are willing to 
break down the traditional mode of performance 
and communicate with the students. 

It is important to see that the success of such an 
endeavor depends upon the interaction of at least 
two groups: the Committee on Arts and Lectures 
and the UCSD student community. Such an in· 
ter action now exists only to the extent that three 
students are members of CAL. It will only be when 
the student point of view can be fully expressed that 
CAL will be able to more fully serve the UCSD 
community. 

The CAL experiment of a student-oriented 
program with Lorin Hollander was an attractive 
example of the potential of such a program. It was a 
definite success for those who participated. It 
should only happen more often . 

.---------------------~ AIC Productions Presents 

Shou'd a College G,adua'e 
Conside, SALES? 

JUDY COLLINS 
Plus " Camp Hilltop" 

SUNDAY, FEB. 15 - 8:00 P.M . 

We ,"ink sol 
There are hundreds of exciting careers. Marketing is one, a dynamic one, and 
probably the major stepping stone to civic and business leadership. 
At Xerox, our people are more than sellers of graphic communications equip-
ment. They have knowledge of marketing strategy .a.nd insight as to how Xerox 
copiers, coplllr/duplicators and related equipment can meet the needs of 
modern business. They have a healthy regard for the importance of document 
flow and its implementation In every size and type company. They are able to 
advise businessmen at all levels on their present needs and to reasonably fore-
cast future developments. Their thinking is business systems oriented, for this 
Is the wave of the future. That's why we require a college degree. 
W" have openings at various locations throughout the Western United States. 
After comprehensive product and sales training, you'll become part of the 
dynamic picture at Xerox, where operating revenues have increased from $40 
million In 1960 to over $895 million in 1968. and employment has grown from 
approximately 3,000 people In 1960 to over 30,000 currently. 
Excellent salary and Incentive compensation in addition to comprehensive 
benefits including profit sharing. 

The Xer(Jx Rspresentative is coming to campus 
THURSDAY FEBRUARY 19 

See your Placement Director for details and to arrange an appointment. Or, 
you may write directly to Employment Manager, Xerox Corporation, 2200 E. 
McFadden Avenue. Santa Ana, California 92705. 

XEROX 
An Equal OpportunIty Employer (M & F) 

COMMUNITY CONCOURSE CONVENTIO HALL 

Tickets: $5.00, 4.25, 3.50 
On sale all Highlander Men's Stores, 
Metro Agencies & Civic Theatre Box Office 

CAL JET CHARTERS 

EUROPE 1970 
NO MEMallilSH" O il IIIlGISTilATION PIlU "eQu,"eo 
~"QIItft'l M ""- ill' .. _ . ~ - Ply Wltll our ..... ~ ."'-t ... ,.-p. 
,,,,,_,,\tate flm. 0 ... , M .. ......., out . t tile lelt ""lMIt •• " 
AL.L. PUGHTS VI A TIIANS 'NTIlR NATIONAL A'RWAYS OR 
SATUR'" A ' RWAYS DC .. SU""..IETS W'TH COM~'MENTA"Y 
MEALS A ND aeVe"AG.S. 

r IIchtI A .. Habie .. 01 J~n. 1. 1970 
.$I'IING fU/aI.T 

No. 561 - OAKLANO/lONOON (One WI,) 
MtrchU.~.~L..... .... ... ............................................... ........ '145 

SUMMER fliGHTS 
No 532 - LOS ANGELES/ AMSTERDAM (Round trip) 

JUNE 3D - AUGUST 29 ................................................................. '299 
No. 533 - OAKLAND/ AMSTERDAM (Round Trip) 

JUNE 15 - SE~n ... fR' ......................................................... '289 
No:""534 - LOSAN/;[LES/lONOON (Round Trip) 

JUNE 15 - SEPTEMBER 7 .......................................................... '2a~ 
No 4000 - OAKLANO/AMSTEROAM (Round Trip) 

JUNll'-SE~T["""7 ............... _ ......................................... '289 
No 535 - OAKLAND/ AMSTERDAM (Round Trip) 

JUNE 17 - S.,,!ember 19 ................................ ....... .. .... '289 
No. 536 - NEW YORII/ LONOOI'I (Round Trip) 

JUNE 18 - SEPT[MBER6 ......................................... _ ................. ·199 
No. 537 - LOS ANGELES/ AMSTERDAM (RoundTrip) 

JUNE24-SE~TEMBER2 ............................................................ ·299 
No 4ool - - OAKLANO/LONOON/ AMSTERDAM / OAKlA ~D 

JUNE 19 - SEPTEMBER 21 ........................................................ '2.9 
No. 4005 - OAKLANO/ AMSTEROAM (RoundTrip) 

JULY2 - AUGUST 10 ................................................................. .'299 
No. 541 - OAKLANO/AMSTEROAM (fIpund Trip) 

JULY ' - AUGUST 15 .................................... _ ... _.~. ___ ..... '2M 
No. 531"- OAKLAND/ AMSTEROAM (Round Tnp) 

JUNE24 - GUST24 ............................... ........ .. ............... '299 
No. 4003 - OAKlMD/ lOSANGElES/ AMSTUOAM (Round Trip) -

JULY 21 - AUGUST 27 ............... _... ... ......... ... . .'299 
No. 4004 - 0NEWAY - OAKLAND/ AMSTERDAM 

JUNE 2) .............. fOR A"""!CATIONS AND ................................... '1" 
fURlltERINFOItMATION 

R(SIRICI(O TO SIUO£HTS r~cul1Y H~PlOmS AHO srm 
WRITE. AND TH[IR 'I!I!(DIM( W!llI(S OR !'HONE 
CAL JET CHARTERS (415)922· 1434 
2150 CREE STUn (.ft .. 6 ~nd __ . ) 
&'nr"ncitcG. calli. 14123' 

CH ARTERS TO.J~"'N . A~~~,!ALlA. ArRICA 
ALOU AYAILA"Lt 

Times Fnruary I. 1970 
'l.~'· ' • .fl~ ' Id i 



uCla celt. ,... ,. 1 

The "marriage" which s.1tman 
calls the relationship ~t the 
chancellor must develop between 
the campus and himself will have 
to be reinlUated. "I would like to 
see that the next guy who takes 
that position has that kinci of com-
mitment and resolve that he is go-
ing tohang in and stay with it and 
do it right. 1 think I know whatthe 
faculty wants for a chancellor and 
they've had it for a year and a 
half." 

WHO'S NEXT? The original impetus for student demonstrations was provided by the university administration's Jan . 22 rejection of the petition, which bore the signatures of 7,776 students. The first major rally in Allen 's behalf was rather violent. Some 1000 
demonstrators were addressed by Dean Evans and 
told that they were unlawfully assembled. One 
student arose and called the dean a "pig." The dean 
immediately struck this student with the bullhorn 
lIS"d in his proclamation . As a result, university 
police stormed out of the Administration Building, 
from which they h,d been observing , and forcefully 
charged and scattered the crowd. 

Stull and Reagan 

The old political "enemies" of 
McGill--Assemhlyman John stull 
(R-Leucadia) and Gov. Reagan, 
had words for the loss of another 
chancellor. 

Reagan contratulated McGill in 
Sacramento Monday and said if he 
ever got into trouble "you can just 
duck down one of New York's sub-
ways." 

stull was more serious: ' It is 
hoped that the new chancellor of 
UCSD will be able to understand 
the position of the university in , 
relation to the community and the 
society which supports it; that the 
needs of the students trying to get 
an education will be considered a-
bove the demands of those trying 
to destroy the system; and thatre-
sponses will be replaced with a 
dynamic approach." 

Anita Tinnerstet, the chancel-
lor's secretary-both to McGill 
and Galbraith--probably expres-
sed the campus' feelings most 
poinantly: "And I was just getting 
him into a routine •••• " 

[f) c.\ OOlL~ rJ 
~@©~ . 

-**~*. 

POVERTY PRICES FOR ALL! 

HAPPy HOUR DAILY 5-6 PM 

GREA TEST FIGHTS 
BALL GAME3, ETC. 
ON OUR CLOSED 

CmCUIT VIDEOTAPE 

SANDWICHES AND PIZZA 

DIME NIGHT (ONE KEG) 
EVERY THURSDAY 8 p.m. 

PARLAY ROOM TAVERN 

225-27 West 15th street ... 

in the bowels of Del Mar 

"The king is dead. Long live the 
king." 

The next "king" at UCSD could 
be anybody from Max Rafferty to 
Tom Hull, but the most of ten-
heard names from this campus 
amount to only half a dozen. What 
do those men say? 

Paul Sa1tman, Revelle 
Provost : " If the faculty said "OK 
Big Paul, go in and play center. 
And that's the way it is. But 
under what conditions? 

"I can't answer that question. 
As for having an interim chan-
cellor, you have to ask, Are you 
holding the fort? Are you going to 
develop a relationship with the 
staff? I don't like to be told to 
take a dive in ten rounds. And I'm 
not going to say 'Who, me? ' and 
dance around on my tippy-toes." 

John Stewart, Muir Provost: "I 
am perfectly happy in the job I 
am in with a lot of work to do, and 
would not like to be considered a 
candidate by an~one . . . " 

George Murphy, Vice Chan-
cellor and Dean of Student Af-
fairs: " I am flattered that 
someone would think that I 
should be chancellor. But · they 
are wrong. I am not a candidate 
in any way, shape or form." 

WASHINGTON SUMMER 
INTERN PROGRAM 

The Washington Summer Intern 
Program will bring 400 of the 
very best students in America 
to Washington, D.C., for the 
summer of 1970. They will be 
selected from nominations made 
by their colleges. 
Students will be employed by 

Federal agencies for the summer 
at salaries commensurate with 
their qualifications. They will 
be placed in carefully chosen 
positions doing meaningful work 
related to the agencies' missions. 
They will participate in seminars 
studying major Federal programs 
relating to domestic or inter-
national affairs. 
Nominees must have completed 

at least 60 semester hours by 
June 1970 or be a current 
graduate student. Undergraduates 
must have a gpa of 3.5 or better; 
graduate students must be in 
upper half of their class. Please 
see Tom Hull at Revelle or Alan 
Batchelder at Muir for application 
information. DEADLINE: Feb-
ruary 26, 1970. 

PAID ANNOUNCEMENT 

"A remarkable f.-1m'" Jud,thCnSI 
• NBC· TV ' ' odly She _) 

LASfy: 1i'lIl11l11EII 

~ ' .,. EASTMAN COLOR 8: 150nly 

also 
WINN ER ACADEMY AWAR OS 
WINNER ~ANN[S H STI VA l 

WIfIN ' R ron OfN GLe BE AWJ ROS 

A MAN 
ANd A WOMAN 
,.----------~ COLOR 6 :3010: 15 
ACADElWY 

.. ..-t 3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284-1000 t------.. 
, . 

Herbert York, former Chan· 
cellor (l961~) and now Dean of 
Graduate Studies: "I know what 
it is and I know my own abilities 
and limitations, and it's not my 
cup of tea." 

William Nlereuberg, Director 
of Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography: "My name is 
always mentioned, whatever it is. 
And I'm always the guy who runs 
last. The guy that was writing 
(the list in the SAN DIEGO 
UNION Monday) probably had 
the names pop in his mind and he 
just jotted them down. Whatever 
you do as chancellor, it's one of 
those jobs when you're a hero for 
one hour and then everybody 
forgets it." 

Clifford Grobstein, Dean of the 
School of Medicine : "No, I 
haven 't noticed (my name as a 
nominee). I think at this stage in 
the game, it's impossible to say 
what 's possible. I certainly don't 
have any comment on this." 

"Say: All 
are created 

by Goel." 
BAHA 'U'LLAH 

FOUNDER, BAHA'I FAITH 
J! 

fOR INfORMATION: 
Phone 755-1701 

literature is available and 
informal fireside discussions 
ore h('ld frequently. 

On the following morning some 4,000 demon-
strators were confronted QY an estimated 250 police, 
who had been called in from Ventura, Ojal, Santa 
Barbara, and the county Sheriffs Department. In 
three decisive sweeps, aided by data from en-
circling helicopters, the police managed to divide 
and disperse the crowd. 

Further intensification of the conflict continued 
Monday morning as warrants for the arrest of 16 
students involved in the Friday demonstration were 
issued by the Santa Barbara police. These students, 
all of whom subsequently turned themselves in, 
represented a spectrum of different political types. 

Approximately 2,500 students faced 200 police in 
front of the Administration Building for a rally 
Monday, and another 1500 rallied on Tuesday. The 
latter demonstration was climaxed by the takeover 
of the faculty club and the baiting of police at the 
Administration Building. 

The underlying issue of priorities and student 
involvement in faculty appointments and firings 
was alluded to directly by Acting Chancellor 
Buchanan in a statement which markedly polarized 
the situation at Santa Barbara. According to the 
acting chancellor, opportunities for responsible 
participation by students "have never been brighter 
or more exciting ." But in faculty appointments and 
firing' 'the decisions must rest on professional peers 
and the administration." He added that faculty 
decisions "take into consideration" student 
opinions . 

Allen Rates High 
Student opinion regarding the competence of Dr. 

Allen can be witnessed in the results of a depart-
ment-run student evaluation of professors. Dr. 
Allen received the highest ratings in the An-
thropology Department as a lecturer. He was rated 
as excellent by 53.5 per cent of anthropology 
students , and above average by another 34.5 per 
cent. Tenured professors in general did not fare well 
in the survey . 

The growing interaction between the Allen 
movement and the issue of police intervention on 
campus has served to emphasize both problems. 
Reports from Santa Barbara indicate that 
policemen, entering crowds of demonstrators after 
dispersionary tactics have been successfully 
completed, have been taking off their badges and 
,:,oughhousing and clubbing demonstr~a::to::r~s~. __ .!:::====== 
.'t\\~ ~rokln/\tVings· the Love Story of No Diagrams' 

Rap ~,~::.!~r)The PROP HE T __ .: ... , ,,,ri.,,"'J KEN THEATER Starts Friday. Feb. 6th 7 & 9 p.m. Heavy Vibes Matinee' Sunday Feb. 8th 1 p.m. 
4061 Adams.Mlsslon Valley F reew ay . South on Word Rd. 
Right on Adams 281.1305 Student Rate: $1.50 ~UlGI8AA" 

Christian Science Org. 
Informal Lounge 
Monday Eves. 7;00 p.m. 

Goodbye Columbus ••. HELLO 
A SURPRISE FROM CLAUDE BERRI. 
THE MAKER OF " THE TWO OF US" 

"MUCH,MUCH BETTER THAN 'GOODBYE COLUMBUS!" 
Los Angeles H.,.ld E6, mmlf 

"A FRENCH 'GOODBYE COLUMBUS~" - Don J. Mo~.,.on. V."og., 

II"M IN LOVE WITH IT:' -'.d,"'"'' N •• '." ..... " ... 

"DELIGHTFUL COMEDV.'~Ann Gu."na. 0"'1 N .... 

'~GOOD LAUGH,AFEWTEARS 
AND A SWELL MOVIE!' 

URICH. REWARDING ANDAS 
ENCHANTING AS'FIDDLERON 
THE ROOF. n' - Don J M.~."on. V.II.,., 

7: IS 9: IS 

" 

1 

. , 

I 

THIS AD PAID FOR WITH THE BLOOD OF UC BERKELEY STUDENTS SO WE COULD TELL YOU THAT 

IT'S NOT TOO LATE 

TUITION CAN BE STOPPED 
The case against tuition at the University 

has never been presented to the people of California 

You and your dollars (one or the other preferably 
both) can help preserve the tradition of 
Tuition Free Higher Education for the 

People of California 

UC students, or their families bear at least two thirds of the cost of their education. 
It costs 'the average student a minimum of $5,000 a year to attend the University. Books, 
supplies, room, board, transportation, and various fees total around $2,000 a year and, 
conservatively, a student loses at least $3,000 a year in wages during his college years. 

The poor, especially the minority poor, will suffer most by the imposition of tuition. In 
1969-70, of $42.3 million available for student financial aid, only $3.5 million was provided 
from State and Regent's funds . :rhere is no guarantee that tuition will result in increased 
student financial aid. 

Families of average income will pay from $5,000 to $10,000 for the education of each child 
if tuition is imposed. Corporations and those with higher incomes will pay less, since 
they are the ones who now provide the majority of support for California's higher educa-
tion system through their income tax payments to the state general fund. Regent Freder-
ick G. Dutton has stated that, " Imposing tuition amounts to a shifting of the tax 
burden of millions of dollars a year from corporations to parents. Already, since about 1965, 
there has been a net tax shift along these lines of $250 million." It should be emphasized 
that the University and state colleges are NOT supported by property taxes. 

Property taxes will go up, if tuition is imposed. Thousands of students who will not be 
able to afford to attend the University and state colleges will be forced to attend their 
local junior colleges which are supported by property taxes. 
The Regents have refused to hear arguments against tuition form any . segment of the gen-
eral public By showing them that the people of California are committed to quality, tuition-
free education J tuition can be avoided. Write to the Regents and make your parents and 
friends do the same. A list of the Regents' addresses can be found in front of the University 
General Catalogue or a list can be obtained from your campus Committee Against Tuition 
office. 

This anti-tuition drive is supported and endorsed by all nine student body presidents of the 
University of California campuses. We urge you to give your time and money to this campaign 

Jeff Benjamin UCSD 
Dave Hubin UCD 
Bill James UCSB 

Fernando Massimino UCI 
Tom Norminton UCLA 
Chuck Jenkins UCR 

Brummond Pike UCSC 
Dan Siegel UCB 
Alex Stalcup UCSF 

This ad: was paid for from the proceeds of the blood drive at UC Berkeley. 
Argumeflts against tuition must be presented to the general public so that 
public opinion can be mobilized. Full page ads in the Sacramento, San fran-
cisco, Fresno, Los Angeles and San Diego areas must appear before the next 
Regents meeting February 20. This will cost $25,000. Those who are giving 
blood at Berkeley can't give it fast enough to pay for these in time, but we 
would have the money if each student, fact,Jlty member, and concerned citi-
zen who reads this ad would contribute $1 .00. If you don't, it's for certain that 
you'll be paying a lot more from now on . We must have your contributions on 
February 9. Please fill out the enclosed coupon and send your contribution now. 

There is one more thing you must do. You must send the message printed 
above to one or more concerned citizens in your home town. This should be your 
parents and any individual who can bring it to the attention of the local Ro-
tary Clubs, businessmen , parents groups, PTA, etc. We have also supplied 
another coupon for their donations to our campaign. This is the most effective 
means we have to complement the full page ads In metropolitan paper . If 
100,_ students ewer decide 10 do one thing ilt one lime, the world will know 
about It. And we must do it. 

--------To:. CommiHee Against Tuition 
lOS Eshleman Hall 

-----.-, 

University of California 
Berkeley, California 94720 

Name ------_____ ~AmounLt ___ _ 
Address 
City ____________ --L.Zip ____ _ 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

r--------To: CommiHee Against Tuition 
I 
I 
I 
I 

205 Eshleman Hall 
University of California 
Berkeley, California 94720 

------

I Nam ____ -"-_______ Am unl 
I Addre 

City _____________ LZip ____ _ 

Rally on Revelle Pla:za Wednesday - Classes Cancelled From 12 to 1 

Tri ton Thill. hll'lIry e , 1970 PI" 13 



Host La Verne Tonite 

Pete Brown Came Back 
For San Diego Open Title 

by Steve Dorsch, Sports Editor 
The Andy Williams San Diego Open, by far the most successful 

and dramatic of its short history, was wrapped up last Sunday 
with a comeback, a playoff, and a jubilant Pete Brown. 

Hardly a household word, even in golfing circles, Pete Brown 
rebounded from a disasterous opening round 76 and on Sunday's 
final round shot a seven-under-par 65, one off the course record. 
Brown's fantastic comeback on the last day tied British Open 
Champ, Tony Jacklin, at 275 for the tourbament--one stroke 
ahead of Jack Nicklaus who finished third. On the first bole of a 
sudden -death playoff Brown shot an average looking par four 
on the 361 yard 15th hole, but Jacklin hit into a tree, and he was 
able only to salvage a bogey five. 

The $30,000 first prize was not only the biggest at his carreer 
for the 35 year old Negro from Los Angeles, but it was nearly 
half as much as the $70,260 he had won in the rast six' years on 
the pro tour. Last year's total for Pete Brown was $20,893. 
His . only previous tournament win came in the 1964 Waco-TuTner 
Open which raid $2,700, a far cry from winning the West's biggest 
golfing event. Brown's victory in the Waco-Turner was the first 
PGA event ever won by a Negro. 

Comeback Nothing New to Pete " 
But facing adversity is old-hat for Pete Brown, and comepacl\s 

are certainly nothing new. He is a Negro and he is wor~ing and 
playing in a white man's world and a white man's spod. But 
Pete Brown is soft- spoken and he is raUent, and he final,ly made 
it really big. , 

As a yout h he lived in poverty. He is a seU-taugllt golfer. who 
learned the game as caddie when he was j~1?t 13 years gld in 
Jackson, Miss. The golf courses in Jackson were segregated and 
Pete had to sneak on to play at dawn and dusk. 

"1 used to sneak out on the course early in the mornng', about 
6 a.m., and play two or three holes at a time. Then I'd go out 
again after dark. When 1 got a HtUe older 1 started working 
for the pro and had a few more chances to play." . 

Future Seemed Behind Him 

Tritons Ambushed by UC Riverside 99-84 
In 1956-57 he lay in bed for more than a year' paralyzed wftll 

pollo and completely helpless . It seemed his ' future was behind 
him. Yet he regained his health and camE! b:lck to become a 
professional golfer--a champion professional golfer. Although 
Brown has r ecovered sufficiently from his polio to play golf, he 
has resultant muscle problems in his back which prevent him from 
playing more than two or three tournaments in a row. He has since 
consulted a new doctor, Dr. Robert Kerlan (team physiCian also fOl: 
the Los Angeles Dodgers and Lakers and San Diego Padres and 
Rockets). Now Pete hits with more power and doesn't have to worry 
about hurting his back. 

University of California at River-
side brandished a powerful and 
balanced attack to gun down the 
Tritons 99-84 inbasketballaction 
last Saturday in the UCSD gym. 
The Tritons were down by a basket 
at the half, 46-44, but UC River-
side broke the game open in the 
second haU and cruised to victory 
over the host team. 

The balanced UCR offense 
featured five men in double fig-
ures, led byJohn Massi with 21 
and Dan Darrell and Howard Lee 
with 19 each, as the visitors cap-
italized on UCSD's foul problems 
by sinking 27 of 36 free 1hrows. 
UCSD managed only 14 of 23 free 
throws, which gave Riverside a 

very narrow 36- 35 field goal 
advantage. 

Guy Dimonte was the highpoint 
man for UCSD and in the game 
with 24 markers, and Ed Babiuch 
contributed 16 for UCSD. The 
loss dropped the Tritons' season 
record to 8-9, while UCR is 9-8. 

In a preliminary contest the 
UCSD Frosh team downed the UC 
Riverside Frosh 77- 71. Although 
both teams sank 22 field goals , 
San Diego gained the victory at 
the free three line as ten Titons 
made the scoring column. 

Tonight the Tritons will be at 
home again to meet La Verne 
College at 8 p.m. It is the first 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
UCSD Ski Club 
To Meet Monday 

Bored? Looking for some ex-
citement? Alta has the world's 
best snow and it's guaranteed to 
get you out of the duldrums. 
During Spring break the UCSD 
Ski Club is going to Alta, Park 
City, and Park City West, all in 
the heart of Utah. lf that's too 
far, how about Northern Califor-
nia. Heavenly Valley, at South 
Lake Tahoe, will be the site of 
this year' s All-Cal Winter Car-
nival. 80th trips will be March 
23- 29. 

Interested? Cone to the Ski 
Club meeting: Monday, Feb. 9 
in HL 1148 at 7:30 p.m. There 
will be movies as Nell as more 
infor mation on the t\lln trirs in 
March and the skimg program. 

One of our racen, John Chesh-
er, is now rated third In the 
racing association, after taking a 
second and a sixt 1 at our last 
meet. Feb. 7-8 the Ski Club 
will hold a slalom and downhill 
at June Mountain, California. 

Coed Sports Day 
Every Sunday afternoon from 

noon to 5 p.m. the gymnasium is 
open to coed sports and recrea-
tion. Or ganized competition is 
featured in table tennis, badmin-
ton, and volleyball. The program 
is open to all students , faculty, 
and staffat UCSD and gives every-
one an opportunity to enjoy coed 
fun and sports. The Recreation 
Department invites everyone to 
"come as a pair or find someone 
there." 

Noon Recreation 
Due to extremely heavy use 

during noon recreation, the two 
badminton courts on the north 
balcony of the gym may be reser-
ved for one hour's play on Mon., 
Wed., and Fri. from 11 a .m. to 
1 p.m. wu vii Tu<:'s . ~nd Thur. 
from noon to I p.m. Reserva-
tions can be made 24 hours in fld -
vance at the equipment issue room 
or by calling ext. 2284. Students 
must leave their registration card 
and faculty and staff their recre-
ation privilege card atthe window 

, when picking up their reservation 

Infl,t;on Got You Down? 
Coming Soon 

P,opl,', Food Coop,r,t;v, 
Think ,bout itl 

PI" M Triton Times Flbrulry I , 1970 

meeting of the season between the 
two teams, but UCSD captured 
both of their contests with La 
Verne a year ago. Wednesday 
the Tritons were at United States 
International University to play 
the Westerners. In an earlier 
meeting this season UCSD posted 
an 88- 76 victory over USlU, for-
merly known as Cal Western 
University. 

Box scores; UCSD vs UCR: 

VC R IV ERSIDE vc s"iI DIEGO I 
Iff) G F T (~ ) G" T 8~~~~~ '1:1~; ~'~I~~~ ~ ~:r ~ 31 
Lc("' 1 S·6 lq Bovd 3 , ., l' 
~~~~'n : ~~~ n ~~~~~I ~ t' 1~ ' 
Knaoik 'H A Todd I 0-0 2 
Lane. 1 S·7 7 VnEoJ)5 2 1 ~2 5 

Helser 2 0·0 , 
Kroger 1 0-0 2 
&%~:y 1 g~ ~ 

Total. 3617.31" Totol. 35 '4-13 14 
NYOCZCbvlwydlvC IvrZ50 

Holfl ime Sco'e : UC Rlversid, '6, ue son

l
' 
Oi~o 44. 

Totol fou ls: UC San Diego U. UC Riv· 
" side 15. Fou led out: ue son Olega, Wilson . , 

UCSD FROSH 1m VC· RIVERSIOE 
G F T 1711 G F T 

Le lerovier '} 1£·19 18 McDou;al 7 5-6 19 
Seelv '} ... ·S 8 EtJons "'·S 12 
Lennon I J.j 5 Telt ,chord 3 '·A 31 
Cor liSI . 3 3-5 9 Burnett 3 4-5 101 
Menli., 7 3·$ 17 Wolfe I 0-0 2 
Krage 2 0·) .. Harr is 2 3·3 7 
it~~~on ~ ~.g 1 :~~ro"n ~ ~:~ ~ I 
JOY I 1.1 J So,alt I ' .3 3 
~~1~li; ' d 1,OJj771 Total. 1117·:13 71 

~~~\~e~xcs8{t6~CM~~,'i~;I;de0~.Riv. 
t' ~i dr.. Tt ll~t"~, d , ~ego" . Wolf!. 

Totol fOU ls: VeSD. 22; UC·P lve"id •. 32. 

Pete spent much of his time on the late holes Sunday Illcing back 
and forth and swinging a club. It appeared that his nerves were at a 
ragged edge, but he said it wasn't so. "When it gets chiUy, late in the 
Clay, I still have a bad muscle problem_ I have to keep moving to 
keep the back from stiffening up. That's all there was to it." 

And that' s all there was to it, and Pete proved it. After his 76 
in Thursday's opening round, Pete trailed by 11 strokes and faced 
the likely possibility of missing the 36-hole cut off point. He needed 
a 68 the next day to continue. But the solidly-built former Missis-
sippi caddie rallied like a champion with rounds of 67-67-65 (17 under 
rar for three rounds) for a 275 total and a deadiock with Jacklin. 
Brown missed a four-foot birdie putt on the 18th hole that would 
have given him an instant championship. 

" I kind of let you down on the last hole," he apologized to the 
galley a bit later, "but everything turned outall right." And indeed 
it did. He won the playoff, the tournament, and $30,000; and Pete 
Brown has come a long way, all the way, back. 

Good Week for Andy too 
It wasn't such a bad week for Andy Williams and the San Diego 

Open people either. The most successful of the Andy Williams San 
Diego Open tournaments concluded happily and dramatically. The 
weather during the pro segment was beautilul and interest in the 
whole show was beyond expectation. Total attendance was estimated 
at 85,000, about 35,000 more than had attended last year; and the 
25,000 spectators at Torrey Pines last Sunday won't soon lorget 
Pete Brown, the Andy Williams San Diego Open Champion. 

Has the Game of Life Passed You 8y? 
Football , baseball, and perhaps even basket-

ball may fall by the wayside unnoticed on this 
apathetically athletic campus, but don't kid your-
self about not being involved in The Game . 
Everyone plays The Game; each of you probably 
play for diflerent slakes , have dlfferent goals , 
and constantly rewrite the rules, but you play 
nevertheless. 

The Game involves everything you do, think, 
and say, and for the most part, you have to be 
thankful for the opportunity to play anyway you 
wish. Some of you will eventually win; some will 
lose; others will just break even. Whatever the 
outcome, you 'll know that you d<:termined it by the 
effort you gave. The Game is like any other 
sport, you get from it what you put into it. 

You' re right, too, If you think this is a rather 
abstract topic for a sports Illge; but the inspira-
tion came from a letter received by the sports 
editor last week from a friend in the Army: 

Dear Sports Editor, 
I've been wondering lately about a particu Iar 

sport that is rapidly becoming very popular with 
me. The name of the game is " freedom," 
freedom to live. I saw your last sports column, 
and you never mentioned the game in your review. 
I would like to know more about it. a refresher 

course maybe. The reason is, I'll be playing 
the game soon. 

From what I hear the rules are loose, it's very 
exciting, and fun-filled. The umpires never 
reveal themselves until an inlraction occurs. And 
sometimes they miss penalties altogether. I also 
have heard that the game Is one of those fast 
moving coed sports. That's great! It sounds 
like a rather challenging game, just the type of 
sport I've been looking for. 

I would greatly appreciate a small favor from 
you, if you could: please send any further rules 
and informatlon about The Game so that I can 
start working out. Send it to myoId address, 
the one without all the numbers, by the 6th ot 
February. Thank you. 

Next Friday he wLll be discharged after two years 
of selected service, involuntary servitude,or what-
ever you choose to call it. And it seems that the 
year he is now serving in viet Nam has slightly 
dulled his memory of the game. But he is looking 
forward to coming out for tbe team again, and like 
he says, the rules are loose. 

The Game is exciting and challenging, and 
tilled with mind-bending coed activties, too. It's 
the type of sport that even apathetically athletic 
people can excel in; why not give it a try? 

REVElLE ·COllE&E 

Executi've Committee Discusses 
Solutions for Educational Dilemma 

by Clfl D. Nlihr,., 
"The Executive Committee is an ex-

periment," said Mark Waxman, one of two 
studenf:s elected. to the Revelle College 
ExecutIve CommIttee and serving along with 

. two professors and Revelle Provost Paul 
Saltman. In 1968-1969 the committee included 
only two professors and the provost, but the 
Revelle College Bylaws passed last spring 
adde? . two. stu~ents to allow for student 
partIcIpatIon In J;lanning the academic 
program. !hus, as Waxman puts it, "StUdent 
Influence IS the big question." The student 

f!1~mbe~ ca.n in~oduce agenda and par. 
tIclpate In dISCUSSIOns along with the other 
members, but Waxman feels that the success 
of the experiment will lie in communication 
between the committee a nd the student body 
at large; so far this has not occured. 

Dr. Avrum Stroll of the Philosophy 
Department, one of the two faculty members 
said that he felt the presence of students o~ 
the committee was beneficial. He stated that 

~ stu.dents and faculty hold meaningful 
dISCUSSIons at the meetings to consider 
problems confronting the college and prepare 
alter.natives for the students and faculty to 
conSIder. So far no division of opinion has 
occured; Stroll attributes this to the fact that 
the issues considered are "non-sectarian" 
ones such as better curriculum and improved 
teaching. 

Saltman explained that the primary con-
cern of ~he committee during the Fall Quarter 
was the development of long-range (5·10 
years) plans for the allocation of faculty. He 
stated that the concensus of the committee 
was to try to provide a "balanced educational 
environment," both for Revelle College and 
within the first cluster of colleges. 

History Given Priority 
. The problem of faculty allocations (FTE's) 
IS made more difficult because of cutbacks by 
the Reagan Administration, Paul Kaufman, 
Out of the 18 new FTE's UCSD has received 

10 were already allocated. The committe~ 
agreed that the first priority for allocations 
should go to the History Department, which 
has a particularly small staff compared to the 
number of students majoring in it; and more 
generally that priority should go to the 
humanities and social sciences which have 
suffered in the past while allocations have led 
10 the development of strong natural sciences 
departments. 

Within the natural sciences the first 
priority will go to biology, in orde~ to bring in 
more general biologists, since the present 
department leans strongly towards 
biochemiStry. 

Committee members said that the students 
and faculty came to complete agreement on 
allocations. Saltman believes that the effect of 
the students' presence on the committee was 
10 strengthen its resolve on the priorities. 

The committee's recommendations were 
forwarded to the campus-wide Council on 
U ndergradua te Affairs. The council is 
composed of the three provosts, a student 
from each college (including Waxman from 

R~v.eIle) and five campus-wide ad-
mInIstrators. Saltman is the chairman. The 
committee's job is 10 coordinate the ideas 

pr~ented to it by the contributing groups and 
adVIse the Chancellor accordingly. 

To Improve Teaching 
Saltman said that the allocations by the 

Chancellor reflected Revelle Executive 
Committee recommendations and added that 
the allocations give strong consideration to 
the concerns of undergraduate students. 

The Executive Committee is pre~ently 
concerned with methods of evaluating and 
improving teaching. It is soliciting ideas and 
information on procedures from both 
departments and other schools. Saltman 
stated that the committee welcomed student 
ideas on the subject, and Waxman added that 
he expected the Undergraduate Council to 
form student committees concerned with this 
problem. 

The Executive Committee is concerned with 
both the performance of faculty members and 
teaching assistants in the classroom. Kauf-
man explained that since TA's are expected to 
ul.timately g~t faculty positions where they 
WIll be reqUIred to teach, ways are being 
sought to help them develop teaching skills for 
their own benefit as well as that of the 
students in their sections. 

The committee has done little work 
regarding the curriculum. However, the 
provost explained what is being done with 
relation to the various college requirements. 
The humanities sequence is the responsibility 
of a committee composed of members of the 
History, Literature, and Philosophy Depart-
ments. Currently, improved methods are 
being discussed for pooling the talents of the 
three departments for each course (i.e., team 
teaching). A non-Western humanities 
sequence was considered but dropped at the 
request of BSC-MECHA, who stated that it 
would be tokenism. They suggested instead 
that effort be made to integrate non-western 
material into the present humanities 
sequence. Their suggestion was adopted. 
Saltman said he was in agreement with BSC-
MECHA on this issue. 

" Tune-up " Sciences 
Saltman said that the Natural Sciences 

Committee, h~aded by Dr. Teddy G. Traylor 
of the ChemIstry Department is trying to 
" tune up:' rather than change the sequence. 
He explaIned that the concern is to interrelate 
the I.!ou rses taught by the different depart-
ments and the math sequence as well, so that 
students can relate the material learned in 
each course to material in the others. 

The language proficiency test has changed 
f~om separate written and oral exams to a 
SIngle exam in which a student reads a 

n~wspape~ ar.ticle in t.he foreign language and 
dIscusses It WIth a natIve speaker. The change 
does not make the test any easier but instead 
stresses oral-oral proficiency more. Saltman 
note<;f that Muir has raised its language 

reqUJ~em.ent An intense language program 
was Instituted last summer as an aid to 
students who have difficulty learning a 
language while taking other classes. All but 
one student who participated in the program 
passed the test at the end oC the summer. 

Communication Future Goal 
Waxman expressed the hope that the 

Executive Committee would in the future take 
up more matters that concern Revelle 
students. The students' role on the committee 
is still unclear. Stroll said he was not sure 
whet~er. the students are officially "full 
functIOning members," since the Executive 
Committee has a basically informal struc· 

~ure. Me.etings. are closed since they often 
Involve dISCUSSIon and criticism of individuals 
a.n? d~par~me~ts, so direct student par-
ticlpatlOn IS limited to the two student 
representatives. Waxman feels that the an-
swe~ lies in the student representatives 
plaYIn~ a more active role in gaining in-
formatIon about how the college is run 
communicating with the students about thei; 
conce~ns , and .thus being able t<) playa more 
effective role In representing the students. 

JOSE DRIBE AND THE CLASSIC GUITAR ... Tod", Inc. 
PRESENTS 

!OUR EXCITING GUITARISTS IN CONCERT 
FEATURING 

THE MODERN GUITAR QUARTET 

Saturday 
February 7. 1970 
8:15 pm 

"FINEST IN GUITAR ARTISTRY FROM BACH TO BOSSA" 
Pacific Beach Jr. High School Auditorium 
4676 InphD'. 
Paclnc Beal!h, CaUfornia 

Horoscope 

Aspects of Planetary vibrations for the week 

of Februa t 'y 6 - 12 by ORACLE 
ARIES: Mar. 21·Apr. 19: 

Keyword : Action. Color : Red. 
Element : Fire. Gem : Diamond. 
Flower : Slarthistle. Masculine. 
Moveable. When the Moon enters 
your sign on Sunday, lending 
radical strength to your tran-
siting co-ruler Mars, tone down 
adversity and color with 
congeniality. 
TAURUS: Apr. 2O-May 20: 

Keyword: Stability, Color : 
Azure. Element: Earth. Gem: 
Sapphire. Flower: Goldenrod. 
Feminine. Fixed. SatW11 moves 
from 2 to 4 degrees through your 
sign this month. He is trined with 
the Moon late tonight, which later 
moves to an affliction early 
Wednesday, so give all your 
power to romantic and financial 
decisions by Tuesday. 

GEMINI: May Zl·June 21: 

Keyword : Versatility . Color: 
Blue-Gray. Element : Air. Gem : 
Agate. Flower : Lily-of·the· 
Valley. Masculine. Flexible. The 
New Moon today ushers in the 
time to make long-range plans. If 
your love is playing games with 
you, ~ur cloud to a rainbow 
of another hue . 

CANCER: June 22-July 22: 

Keyword : Tenacity . Color: 
Opalescent tints . Element : 
Water. Gem : Emerald. Flower : 
Lily. Feminine. Moveable. A New 
Moon could be a New You 
awakening to the light growing 
within. Flash on compatability. 
Your super-sensitivity will 
respond when you concentrate on 
Health. 

LEO: July Z3-Aug. 22: 

Keywor:!' Power. Color: Yellow. 
Elemerr Fire . Gem : Diamond. 
Flower : Sunflower. Masculine. 
Fixed. NeptWle in your solar 
Eighth House warns against 
speculation, or the desire to sever 
inspirational relationships. By 
lincoln's birthday, Thursday, it 
will be evident that Leadership 
often creates animosities . 

vmGO: Aug. 23-8ept. 22: 
. Keyword : Discrimination , Color : 

Blue. Element : Earth . Gem : 
Jade. Flower : Ferns, Lavendar. 
Feminine: Flexible. Pluto, still 
retrograding your orb of in. 
fluence , makes an important 
conjunction with the Moon 
SWlday eve . Reveal your mental 
and emotional energy for others ' 
profit . 
LmRA: Sept. 23-0ct. 22 : 

Keyword : Justice. Color: Per-
sian Orange . Element: Air . 
Gem : Cora l. Flower : Mint. 
Masculine. Moveable. The Moon 

in Aries between Sunday night 
and late Tuesday aggravates 
inharmonious vibrations from 
Uranus, still in retrograde in 
your solar sign. Conquer 
restlessness and hasty action . 

SCORPIO: Oct. 23-Nov. 21: 

Keyword : Positivity. Color: 
Dark Red . Element : Water . 
Gem : Bloodstone . Flower : 
Honeysuckle . Feminine. Fixed. 
Benevolent Jupiter, retrograding 
and turning direct through 
Scorpio all month , remains 
within orb of opposition to 
Saturn- who is also afflicted this 
week by the Moon's movements. 
All areas ruled by these 
planets-education , religion , 
business-may be adversly af· 
fected . Apply your keyword. 

SAGITI'ARIUS: Nov. 22-Dec. 21: 

Keyword : Foresight . Color: 
Purple double dome. Element· 
Fire. Gem : Topaz . Flower ; 
Carnation. Masculine. Flexible. 
N~ptune is traversing your sign 
thIS month, forming a square 
~th the. Piscean Moon tonight, 
st~ulatmg confUSion, seductive 
friends , and deception. Saturday 
brings a bright week for ob-
taining objectives with your 
closest collaborators and returns 
from creative enterprises. 

CAPRICORN: Dec. 22-Jan. 19: 

Keyword : Caution . Color : 
Brown. Element : Earth. Gem : 
Ruby. Flower : Ivy. Feminine. 
Moveable. Mercury, the Planet of 
Messages and Communication 
forms a trine ( harmonious i 
aspect with the Arian Moon 
Sunday, to be later squared 
(Wlfavorable ) with it Tuesday 
eve. Concentrate on income and 
avoid the pressures ' of 
negotiations, although they may 
be promising and should not be 
lost sight of. 

AQUARIUS: Jan. 20-Feb. 18: 
Keyword : Fellowship . Color : 
Mixtures. Element : Air. Gem: 
Sapphire . Flower : Daffodil. 
Masculine. Fixed. Moderation alI 
month is a safe way to go. As 
Mercury is fast approaching your 
sign, space your thoughts and 
movements carefully-&recting 
their course and hitting the mark. 

PISCES: Feb. I9-Mar. 20: 

Keyword : Idealism . Color : 
Ocean Blues. Element : Water . 
Gem: Amethyst. Flower: Lotus. 
Feminine. Flexible. The aspects 
to your sign this quarter are 
friendly and without much 
significance. You will be 
productive and may be asked to 
participate in a confidential 
project. 

KIBBUTZ? 
THE KffiB UTZ IS A UNIQ UE SOCIAL EXPERIENCE 
IN COOPERATIVE LIVING WHICH STRIVES FOR 
PERSONAL AND COMMUNITY SELF-REJ\LIZATIO~ 
IN ISRAEL. 

WE INVITE YOU TO EXPERIENCE THE KIBB UTZ 
THROUGH THE FOLLOWING PROGRAMS: 

'- ic-iBBijfi -(i(PAN ' -; i- TEMP«)RARf WORKERS": 
, Six-month program of ; 
: 1/2 day work 1/2 : 
: day Hebrew studies. ' 

Living and working on 
a Kibbutz one month 

..... _-._------- .......... : • or more . . 
--- ................................ -.' 

CONTACT __ ....... ~ HILLEL GORDIN 
454-7523 

CAll BETWEEN 7:30 & 1:30 P.M. 

Trit •• Ti.1I Fn,.lry I , 1970 'I,e 15 



tonight ' 
The Assoc i ated Students present 
" Fearless Vampire Ki llers, " a 
hilarious spoOf of the dracula stor ies 
plus "In the Year 1 Million B.C. ," 
starring La Jolla 's own Raquel Welch . 
These movies are part of the Friday 
Night at the Mov ies ser ies and screen 
at 7:30 p .m . in USB 2722. Adm ission is 
SOc . 

Ph ilosophy Colloqu ium : Fred Scm · 
mers from Brandeis Un iversity w i ll 
lead a discuss ion in " Composite 
Th ings " at 3 p.m . in the Revelle In · 
formal Lounge. 

The Assoc iated Students present 
folks ingers at the Coffee Hut today 
and Saturday . Adm ission Is free and 
th ings get under way at 9 p.m . 

sunday 
Muir Cinema presents " The Bi,g 
Sleep ; Hawks ' Men ilmontant ; Kir · 
sanoff . 7: 30 p.m . at USB 2722. Ad 
m iss ion free . 

Come hear ecology experts speak on 
New Dimensions of Environmental 
Awareness ; join the f ight for clean 
air . Dr . John Goldsm ith : Health 
Impli ca tions of A ir Pollut ion . ~Alan 
Schneider : Poli tica l Ac tion T rough 
Ci tizen Part i c ipat ion . Mr . lark 
Gauld ing : Pollution Controls in San 
Diego County . Dr . Schneider is the 
sem inar fac il itator . 7 p.m . in HL AUd . 
Free and open to the public . 

monday 
Panel Discussion by members Of the 
vocations for social change sponsored 
by Fr iends of the Res istance . 7 p .m . 
4OSOA USB 

tUBsd., 
La Soil et la Faim, by lonesco w i ll be 
presented at 7 : 30 at Matthews 
Theatre, Bldg . 269 . Presented fro the 
f irst time on any stage , the French 
dialogues are directed by John Sm ith . 
Muir College meets in the pr ivate 
din ing room , Mui r Commons , at 4 
p.m . All interested students are in · 
vited to attend . 

Literature Colloquium : Professor 
Doug las Stewar t. " Odysseus and the 
Cyclops : The Heroic Code Rev iewed 
and Re jected " 4 p .m . in the Informal 
Lounge . 

- ISRAEL-
11 week Student Group 
includes 3 weeks in Eur,ope 
and a Mediterranean Cruise 

call Marty: 755-8850 

wldnlsda, 
Joanne Kyger and Tom Clark, two of 
the best San Franciscan poets, will be 
reading their poetry on Wednesday, at 
4:30 in the Informal Lounge . 

Native Amer i cans of UCSD meet 
every Wednesday night at 7 in room 
3405, Physics ·Chem lstry Build ing . 

Free films at the Coffee Hut are 
presented by the Associated Students 
on Wednesday nights. Th is week " San 
Diego I Love You " screens af 9 p .m. 
Free . 

Ernst Krenek, Regents ' Lecturer 
speaks on " Ser ialism , or : Where Do 
We Stand Now?" Come see a com · 
poser v iewing th is century's music 
and 8 p .m . at 2E3 1101 Muir . 

The life, the people, the land- the 
many sides of K ibbutz li fe w i ll be 
discussed in an informal meeting with 
Mr. Gelb, a prom inent Israeli and 
seasoned Kibbutzn ik who w ill be at 
UCSD th is week to meet with in · 
terested members of the university 
academ ic commun ity. The meeting 
w i ll be held at 8 p .m . in the Informal 
Lounge. 

The Viet Nam MoratOrium Committee 
w i ll have an open meeting at 7:30 p.m . 
in Blake Lounge to d iscuss upcoming 
events-Including a mass action In 
Apr il. 

tbuIsd.y 
The Libertarian Alliance presents a 
lecture, " Common Fallacies about 
Capitalism : 
Monopol ies- Depressions- Labor 
Un ions- Inherited Wealth ," at 7:30 
p.m . in Blake Lounge . 

friday 
Free Plaza Dance sponsored by 
Revelle Interhall Counc il presents 
" Ralph " and " Che yene Band . " 
Revell e Plaza , 9 p .m . Free . 

Airplane Contest sponsored by In · 
terha ll Counc il. 6:30 p .m ., UCSD gym . 
Free. 

The Jewish Community Center ' s '" 
PhYSical Education Department Is 
offering evening classes in Yoga and 
Slimnastics, beginning in February . 
Classes will be held In the new 
gymnasium facilities at the Center, 
4079 54th Street In San Diego. Yoga 
will be held Monday evenings at 7:30 
p.m . starting Feb . 9 and Slimnastics 
will be hel d on Wednesday evenings at 
7:30 p .m ., starting Feb . 11. For fur · 
ther information call the Physical 
Education off i ce of the Jewish 
Commun ity Center, 583·3300, ext . 20 or 
21 . 

The Ecumentical Community con · 
tinues to meet on Wednesdays at the 
student lounge of University Lutheran 
Church . At 5 p.m . dinner is served for 
a 25 cent donation . At 6 p.m ., three 
special interest groups w ill meet : 
Soc ial Action , with Bill Coats , 
Episcopal chaplain , Group En · 
counter : with Ed Donovan, Catholic 
priest , and Theological Study, with 
John Huber , Lutheran pastor . 

A new inqu irers group has been 
started for those who have questions 
about Christian faith, ethical 
dec i s ions , denom inatlonal dlf · 
ferences , cho ice of church mem · 
bersh ip , and what it all has to do with 
li fe and everyday reality. The ggroup 
meets weekly in the lounge of 
Un i ver<;ity Lutheran Church 
Tuesdays at 7:30 p .m . until 9. 

rlcrl.tion 
Basketball vs . Laverne UCSD Gym 6 
and 8 p .m . Fr iday , Feb . 6. 

Wrestl i ng vs . Azusa Pacific UCSD 
Gym 2 p .m . Saturday, Feb. 7. 

Basketball vs . San Diego State 6 p .m . 
LA Baptist 8 p.m . UCSD Gym Fr iday, 
Feb . 13. 

Basebatt vs . Cal Lutheran UCSD 
Baseball F ield 2:30 p .(T1 . Friday, Feb. 
13. 

Fencing VS . Cal State Long Beach, San 
Diego State UCSD Gym 1 p .m . 
Saturday, Feb. 14. 

S,.cill low 
Rites for 
Students, 

By .prt. only 
281-4586 

. HYPNOSIS ~ r~~~:I':!~"wE~GH~~~~~~!nt ~ NERVES - CONFIDENCE 
INSOMNIA - SELF HYPNOSIS 

THE ASSOCiATED STUDENTS - PRESENT' 
Coffee Hut 

Wednesday, February 11 9:00 
the classic ,grade 'd' soap opera 

'SAN DIEGO I LOVE YOU' 
plus 15C Hot DaiS 

Friday ancI Saturday, 9 :001 

RALPH 
(BY POPI}lAR DEMAND) c 

Friday Night 
at the Movies 

, Rebel Without a Cause' 

'fEARLESS VAMPIRE 
KILLERS' USB 2722 

7:30 50C 

Plge 11 Triton Times Februlry 6, 1910 

on c.mpus 
The Internal Security Committee of 
the ASUCSD Is seeking Informat ion on 
off ·campus po lice forces on campus. 
If you see, have seen, or have been 
detained by San Diego police or 
County Sheriff on campus, call ext. 
1913 and say when , where, and what 
were the circumstances . 

All students, staff , and faculty In · 
teres ted In playing cribbage can 
contact Penny in the student activities 
office on ext . 1918. 

Representatives from Aerojet 
General , UC Irvine Graduate School 
of Adm inistration, Westington 
Electric Corporation, Bank of 
America , and General Motors will be 
in terviewing in the Career Placement 
Center, Bldg . 2SO MC dur ing the week . 

Deadline for submitting completed 
applications for the Rotary Foun· 
dation grants for study abroad during 
1971 ·72 is March 15. Those wishing to 
apply shOuld contact one of two 
persons : Dr . Robert Watson, 
president of the Torrey Pines Rotary 
Club and director of the UCSD student 
health service, ext. 1346, or Dr . Robert 
Stader , president of the La Jolla 
Rotary Club and owner of the Vi llage 
Veterinary Clinic . 

Information concern ing deadlines for 
summer lobs with federal agencies is 
availabl e in the Financial Aids office 
and Career Education Plann ing 
Center , Bldg . 2SOMC. 

Stanford University Graduate School 
of Business w ill be on campus 
Tuesday to interview students in · 
terested in their graduate business 
program . All majors are welcome . 
Call 2401 for an apPOintment . 

A non·credit Oigol course will be given 
on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays 
from 4 to 5 p.m ., room 1148 H L 
beginning Feb . 9 through March 13. 
Contact Becky Huxley, ext. 1681 for 
in formation or registration . 

CLASSIFIED 

Berrecrafter Sting Ray- sk i rack 
holds four pair skis. US. Weed tire 
chains fits 670xlS, 600x16, 7S0x14. S10. 
Call Sandy, ext. 2206. 

LOST : 10 bracelet initials R.O.C., 
H.H . '69 inscribed on rev.rse. Please 
return to Bob Caldwell , Argo 262, PO 
Box 4350. 

Will share unique Del Mar beach 
house with responsible serious male 
student or instructor. Owner spends 
weekends only . 755·8445. 

Papers typed by former English 
teacher-excellent typist . Sl per page 
including editing . Mrs . Thomp. 
son-ext. 1235. 

"""11 lit. -"II "I U" I"'IUI "" 

eNbmil~1b 
TRITON llMfS 

aFlC£ ... C/o 
Pam~ ... - .. _ .... ;.-. ..... ...:. 

1I111""I ...... I ....... ~.""'. ,." 
---I 

~f£8.16 
0Il~ ~ .f.ct 
~,O"'48Y) ~e& 
Co\!IaerM .. tWIIR(.' 

.f 


