
Volume ll, Number r Universi,y 01 Calilornia, San Diego Tuesday, Sep'ember 29,. 1910 

Work is being completed on Gilma.n Interior view of the new Central Library Dorm life begin at Third College today; 
Drive, fu tu re main entrance lO the opening for business today. new VA hOl.pitalloom in the background. 
UCSDcampus. -"hQlo~ by John Zal('.r 

UCSD Begins Fall Quarter 
A new college. a new graduate 

research Library. and a new road 
greet returning and freshmen 
students at UCSD as the fall 
quarter begins today . 

A total of 4,300 students are 
expected to attend classes in 
Revelle College. John Muir College 
and the n w Third College, which is 
accepting students for the first 
time this fall. Revelle , which 
accepted its first students in 1964. 
wlli enroll 2,250 undergraduates. 
John Muir, beginning its fourth 
year of operation . will enroll 1,850 
undergraduates, and Third College, 
which will hold classes on the 

Matthews Campus, will enroll 200 
undergraduates. 

The Graduate Division will enroll 
1,400 students, with 340 of them in 
the School of Medicine and 175 at 
Scripps In stitution ol 
Oceanography. 

Several wooden buildings on the 
Matthews Campus have been 
relocated to make way for an 
extension of Gilman Drive into the 
center of the UCSD administrative 
area. The two-lane road ha s been 
widened to four lanes and now 
carries traffic directly to parking 

facilities for the School of Medici ne 
and the UeSD administrative 
office . 

A new 320-seat lecture hall has 
be~n located in space vacated by an 
undergraduate cluster library. 
superseded by the new Central 
University Library. 

The eight-level Central 
University Library . under 
construction for two year s. will 
begin full-time operation today. It 
began limited operation in August 
when the main collection of books 
wa s transferred from the 
Humanities-Library Building on 
the Revelle College campus. 

New Facully Group 
Formed Amid Controversy 

Ca rl Ne.iburge r 
Slaff Writer 

Controversy was created on 
campus this summer over the 
formation of a faculty ad hoc 
Committee to Save the University 
(CSU ). Organized to combat 
polilicalization of the campus ( i .e., 
" reconstitution " of classes, 
building take-overs, and off-
campus acts by poli!icians ), CSU is 
seen by some to be itself a ource 
of politicalization that threatens to 
polarize the campus community 
and destroy the university. 

F rmed late last spring , the 
committee has no formal 
membership , but has an exe utlve 
board now chaired by Dr , Jack 
Douglas of The Sociology 
Department. One executive Board 
member, Dr. John Miles of AMES, 
has resigned ; another, Dr. Ronald 
Berman of the Literature 
Department, who was active in 
forming the committee, has 
withdrawn from active 
participation . Neither cited 
reason s for their actions. 

CSU is to be reorganized and 
renamed " Faculty for Academic 
Responsibility" at the beginning of 
this quarter. According to Dougla . 
the ommittee's purpose is to "try 
to bring some effective 
organization to facult efforts to 
eliminate what we see ar ttl 
destructive eHects of parti san 
politi on ampus." H mad II 
cI ar that he did not desire to 5tHI 
individual {re · spe h or u of the 
campu s free. spee.ch areas, but wa 
con Tn d wilh " organiz d aHa ks 
on the university." 

He al 0 said thal SU is 
cone rned with Iiminating 
political attacks from outsid til 
university, saying that politi 8 
in id and oulsid the univ r ity 
ar linked in a r ipro al cau -
effect relationship. 

Witchhunt? 
In order to do something about 

politics off campus, members of 
esu , along with representatives of 
other campuses . have met with the 
governor. Several members of esu 
have also talked to several 
members of the UC Board of 
Regents, These talks led other 
faculty members and 
administrators to question CSU 's 
motives. While CSU executive 
board member Dr. Marc Swartz of 
The Anthropology stated that only 
general policy with respect to the 
university was discussed at the 
meetings with tbe governor, with 
no criticism of individuals. fears 
that esu may turn into a witchhunt 
have been expressed by others , 

Dr. Michael Parrish of The 
History Departm nt believes that 
the basis of CSU " is quite sound if 
it is concerned with maintaining 
academic integrity." Refering to a 
proposal by CSU for guidelines 
defining academic responsibility, 
he said , there is " no harm in this if 
the aim is to expose blatant 
disregard of academic privilege." 
He feels it is another qu s tion. 
however, "if the purpose is of 
intimidation of faculty members 
who may b engaged in 
exp rimental teaching metbods or 
if th purpose i to ngag in a 
witchhunt.· ' He does not himself 
belie ve many examples of 
deliberate academic abuse exist on 
campus. 

A ademi S nat Divi si n 
Chairman Gabri -I Ja kson also 
sees a " positiv aspl'ct in that th 
faculty haven't b en as concerned 
as they hould be on bord rline 
ethi s in their conduct." n th 
oth r hand , h fear that th 
Regents may use the committee to 

" divide and conquer " the 
Academic Senate. He hopes. there 
fore , that CSU will " bring real 
motions to the floor of the Senate" 
rather than acting on its ewn , 
parallel to the Senate. He fears 
that the fact that "there is no way 
of knowing what proportion of the 
faculty it (CSU ) represents" may 
mislead some to believe esu 
represents more faculty than it 
does. 

Code of Cond uct 
Swartz, however. says that CSU 

is. in fact , interested in a more 
effective Academic Senate. "The 
group 's thrust i to act through and 
with the Senate and 
administration." He says esu i' 
propo ing a code to the Senate 
detailing the responsibilities as 
well as the rights of faculty 
members. " We're going to work to 
extend the academic responsibility 
of the university." He add that 
CSU favors inc r asing consultation 
with students. While they have no 
lies with any student groups at 
pr ent, they hope to form om , 

warlz and Douglas explain d 
that they do not desire 
unreasonable appJi alion of ode of 
co ndu ct. Doug la om pared 
consideration of students' political 
involvement to their emotional 
involvements. su h as love affairs . 
" We do make all kinds of 
on iderations. but y u d n't 

r onstitut cour s: you don ' t 
giv 'em credit for falling in love ." 

war-lz said the are 0 t oncerned 
witb bord rllne as s of 
mis onduct. but with blatant 
vi lations. H feel s that at 
approprial Iy s riou occasions, 

(continued on page 11) 

P r ov o st Interviewed 

Third College Opens 
Rose D eCo 'la 
, taff Writer 

" Third ollege is a raci t and 
sandbox affair," charges State 
Assemblyman John StulL 

Dr. Joseph Watson . acting 
provost of the new minority-
oriented college, has found tha t 
answering criticisms like the is a 
major part of hi very difficult job. 
Besides having to meet the specific 
educational needs of the minority 
students, he has to cope with the 
never-ending controversies and 

ritici m that come along with 
any new and drastically diHerent 
undertaking. ; 

During the past ummer, Watson 
and about 20 students working in 
the co ll ege developed an 
orientation program. drew up rul s 
and regulations for the 
dormitories. and worked hand-in-
hand with the faculty on tbe 
curriculum for Third College, The 
main goal for the forthcoming 
year, he says, is to launch the 
freshman curriculum on a " good 
and sound start. ,. Such courses a 
Third World Studies , 
Communications and Art , and First 
Year Science and Technology are 
being offered to newcomers. 

According to Wat on, national 
response to fa culty openings in 
Third College has\been very good . 
He sta ted that many people. white 
and members of minority group . 
ee Third ollege as an opportunity 

to do somethi ng good and effective 
in the field of minority education 
and education in general. Both 
human arts majors (I.e. sociology, 
humanities . et.l and sci nce" 
oriented majors are interested in 
parti ipating in curricula which 
have high minority cd uc-ation 
direction. 

The only difficulty that Wat on 
has encountered in re ruiting n w 
faculty members is that the 
University of alifornia is nol 
prepared to match offer from 
oth r first-class institution . UC is 
not willin to offer the positions 
and salaries that other institution 
ar offering. All univer -iti s. 

specially urban on s, ar tryin to 
increase their non-white faculty 
.n mbership but U is restraining 
from making 'omp Utive offers, 

v n so. Third College ha . 
managed to come up with a cap bl ' 
and productiv faculty Thu (ar. 
nine fa ulty positions hav been 
filled with n w p ople and four 
positions with lran fers from 
R v II and Muir ,,- oil ges. ix 
Faculty members Were borrow d 
from Revell and Muir to fill th 
olh r p sIUon", 0 department 
have be n fiJI d yet but iniUal teps 
hav been taken to d v lop a 

communications department. 
When asked by TRlTO TIMES 

reporters how different Third 
College is from Revell and Muir. 
Watson replied : " In a very crude 
and eras way. it i. quite different 
because of the high percentage of 
blacks and Mexican-AmertC'a n in 
the colleg , both as tudents and as 
faculty . Tt is a shame to have to put 
it that wa y first. but! think that is 
one of the primary realities we 
have to work with . One of the main 
rea on for pu hing for Third 
College is that very little and 
effectiv effort has been made to 
attnct and have minority faculty 
and students in the university of 
California This still remains our 
major purpo e : to increa e the 
number or minority faculty and 
students in the general benefit 
which the minority communities 
gain from the University of 
California.I consider this a very 
critical point. Many people seem to 
snipe at us for being raci ts and 
segregationists. This is not the 
case . . .. Any effort to in rea 
minority membership cannot be 
called segregation but integration. 
if one wants to put such labels on 
things. " 

Much of the action tha t i taken 
in Third College is seen by students 
as well a faculty. Pre enlly the 
Third ollege Board fOil' ctor 
consists of three students . two 
fa culty. a nd one provost. ThIS body 
revi w significa nt i sue of the 
college and makes 
recommendations. They have had a 
part in making taff and faculty 
appointments and hay been 
involved with policy matters and 
recruitment. They will continue to 
fun tion in that mann r 

For the Fall Quarter '70, 
en rollment at Third College 
con ists of aporoximat I)' 150 
fre hmen. 60 upper-dlvi ion 
transfers, and 3(0 transf!'r from 
Muir and Revelh,. Watson point 
out that approX'imltely 35 p r cent 
of the tud n1. at' black . 35 pe.r 
c nt M xkan-Amprican . and th 
rest white . Am ri an indian and 
oriental. The qu slion of race is not 
a ked in A t\1r!~rP!'" ~~rr!'C~!iJ~" t 
admis ion . As a g n ral rule. one IS 
able to tell ra a prnsp tive 
ludpnl is by what school h IS 

coming from ' 

A genral admi sions critenon 
had be n t up earli r . It onsisted 
of the following : 

(CQntinued on page 13) 



Hitch Seeks UC Guidelines 
Raoul Conlre ra 

tuff rPriter 
" We cannot tolerate partisan political activity in 

the classroom," stated Univer ity President Charles 
Hitch during a personal press conference at the 
September meeting of the Board of Regents. The 
press conference reiterated a prepared statement 
Hitch had read to the assembled regents. In the 
statement president Hitch implied the poli tical 
activety of reconstructed classes (legitimized by 
administrative authorization ) and the m id-term 
changes in add-drop procedures and pass-no pass 
grades which characterized last year's spring 
quarter, would not be repeated again under a ny 
circumstances. 

President Hitch stated he felt the new guidelines on 
" departmental administration of the Instructiona l 
program" would spell out what was a nd was not 
acceptable and would prevent protecting .. ... under the 
banner of academic freedom practices which involve 
neglect of duty and failure of responsibility." 
However, President Hitch also emphasized that the 
new guidelines recognize the rights of individual 
students and faculty to political beliefs, activities, and 
specific free speech areas. 

Complaining that the new guidelines were not 
significantly different from those of last year. 
Regents Glenn Campbell and Mrs. Randolph Hearst 
put forward recommendations that the new guidelines 
be a mended wi th specific punishments for specific 
" political violations." Fending off those requests 
were arguments by Robert L. Johnson, vice-preSident 
of the university for administration, and Chancellor 
Danial G. Aldrich Jr. of Irvine. Johnson pointed out 
the inability to come out with an exact definition of 
political activity. Chancellor Aldrich explained the 
need for individual campus interpretation to judge the 
gray areas such a when public service, a universi ty 
function , becomes political activity. 

Also brought out during the Regents' meeting was a 
secret study conducted on the Berkely campus which 
showed an increase from tbree percent of the student 
body to nineteen percent, between 1966 and 1970. of 

Want to write-
see-

Rich Heimlich 
T. T. City Editor 

students completing over 18 units in a quarter . 
Cor.~erned with possible relaxa tion of standards and 
procedures in certain courses of study, their report 
revealed an example of a student who successfu lly 
comple ted 55 units in the spring of 1970. 

Whereas the fi rst day of the Regents' meeting was 
concerned wi th past and fu ture politica liza tion of the 
university, the second session was highlighted by 

Regent Norton Simon's dec laration at a press 
confe rence that he " would ... take on the entire 
university system if it costs my entire fortune" to get 
at the bottom of a lleged shady dealings in the Irvine 
Corporation's plan fo r comm unity deve lopment 
around the Irvine Campus. A t the press confere nce 
Simon said he would stand behind any previous 
statements, but refused to make a ny specific cha rges 
or accusations of individuals. saying the whole story 
would soon be out. 

The Irvine controversy began at a Regents ' meeting 
last spring when a revised plan of community , 
development around Irvine was presented . According 
to Regent Simon this was done without prior notice 
such a change was being considered. In contrast to the 
modest communi ty around the Irvine campus as 
envisioned by the initial Dian . thP rpvil<P1l onp. foresaw 
a city of 250,000 population . At that time Regent 
Simon declared that certain regents had been caught 
with " a hand in the COOkie-jar." 

Regent William French Smith is chief attorney of 
the Irvine Corporation and Regents Edward Carter 
and Edwin W. Pauley have connections with the 
corporation 's board of directors. Simon concluded his 
press conference by saying it wasn 't the political 
administration that had created the situation : " It·s 
bureaucracy that gives the benefit of the doubt to the 
corporate interests at the expense of the people of 
California . " 

However. when he addressed the forum of Regents, 
Simon's attack focused on the lack of knowledge of 
what the implications of the new plan were. He 
claimed the Regents needed more time to study the 
plan , and recommended that an outside expert be 
brought in . 

Regent Simon was eventually successful in 
implanting enough doubt to pass a motion postponing 
approval of the plan until after a 3O-day period of 
further stud y. Immediately following Simon's 
sucessful motion Regent Smith, who abstained from 
all discussion and voting on the matter because of his 
connection with the Irvine Corporation , challenged 
SImon to clarify his " hand in the cookie jar" 
statement or lose his c redibility before the a ~sembled 
Regents and press. Simon evaded the demand and 
repea ted the whole story would soon be out. At a final 
press conference Regent Smith declared that Simon's 
actions showed a " recklessness and irresponsibility I 
didn 't know he was cabable of. " 

NEW TH IS SEM ESTER 
we think we have the best 

value in vitamins you have 

ever seen-come in and 

make your own comparison 

chose from over 15 quality 
products by 

bronson pharmaceuticals 

UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE 

. Triton· Times . September 29, uno 

John E. Canaday 
A resolution accusing UC campus 

newspapers of " socia-politica l 
advocacy" a nd of printing " lewd 
and obscene " articles a nd 
photographs was passed a t the J uly 
17 Regents' meeting. 

The r~solution , introduced by 
Regent J ohn Canaday and passed 
by a voice vote, requires that each 
campu s newspa pe r sub mit 
acceptab le guide l ines of 
publication to the Regents no later 
than the Ja nuary 1971 meeting. 

Failure to comply will result in 
the curtailment of university funds , 
induding all forms of student fees , 
for the support of those newspapers 
concerned. The use of university 
facilities will be denied as well , 
forcing non·conforming papers to 
move off-campus. 

The resolution also stated that : 
" The Regents are apprehensive 
regarding the apparent lack of 
supervision to assure editiorial 
integrity and conformity with 
generally accepted standards of 
decencv and excellence ." 

Regent Roth commented that he 
would assume it very difficult to 
run an y ne wspaper under 
guidelines approved by the Board . 

Regent Dutton said the Board 
was "conditioned by the 1920's" 
and attempted to judge " an 
entirely different group of human 
beings." 

Try ing to 
sell that 12 
foot board-

(,,"ally loso'.t' •• 

UC Newspapers 
Under Fire 
By Regents 

Haywood Gammon 
Editor-in-Chief 

Reactions were varied among 
the UC papers. While several 
thought that they were be tter off 
negotiat ing on-campus rather than 
directly confronting the Regents, 
others were ca ll ing (or prompt 
legal ac tion. Still others were not 
publishing a t the time or lacked 
funds to attend the m eeting. 

In the meantime, action has been 
on an individual campus basis. The 
TRITON TIMES has submitted its 
Constitution and Bylaws along with 
those of the Communications 
Board 'for approval. They have not 
appeared on the Regents' agenda 
as yet. 

At the June meeting prior to the 
actual passing of his resolution 
(which was, ill fact , a toned-down 
version of the one he proposed at 
the Ju ne meeting ), Canady's ire 
was especially aroused by an issue 
of INTRO a supplement of the 

. UCLA DAILY BRUIN, in which a 
photograph a llegedly depicted 
sexual intercourse in a graveyard. 

He also complained of the 
abundance of political news in the 
NEW UNIVERSITY of UC Irvine 
and of the publication o( a picture 
in the UC Riverside 
HIGHLANDER of a row of 
students facing away from the 
camera with one person caught 
with his pants down . 

Canday was convinced that the 
UC papers were determined to see 
how far they could go in the narp.e 
of free speech, and that they were 
going " from bad to worse." 

use the Triton 
Times 

Classified 
Section 

PACIFIC HONDA WalJahead 
and all alone. 

From~glqlo"', 
Honda has it all. 

1269 G A RNET - PACIFIC BEACH 
Ins urance Available/Closed Sundays 

Dean 

'An Education For 
Social Change ~ 

John l\1axwf'1I 
Aswc. City Editor 

Mr. Willie Smith, former professional football player 
and administrator at the University of Michigan, takes 
over as Dean of Student Affairs at UCSD this quarter. 
Smith replaces Lynn C. Naibert who has been named 
Dean of International Education. 

Dr. Sheldon Schultz Dr. Wi lliam R. Frazer 

As Dean of Student Affairs, Smith will be responsible 
for the administration of all student organizations and 
activities, financial aids, student employment, campus-
wide housing services, and student government. He will 
work closely with the UCSD Associated Students and , in 
addition , will work with Dean George Murphy in the area 
of student discipline. 

'/ssuos Now' 

Extension. Class Stirs Controversy 

To succeed at his post Smith feels he must make 
university offered services more sensitive to the real 
needs of students. He hopes to increase the number of 
direct student inputs to the various groups and services 
he supervises in order to establish good two-way 
communication between students and the people running 
the various operations. Smith forsees the use of multiple 
techniques in obtaining the direct student contact he 
considers so vital. These might include brochures, 
questionaires and appearances by members of his staff 
at various meetings. 

Rich He imlich 
City Ed i tor 

Controversy has beset a new 
UCSD evening extension series 
before it has even begun. Entitles 
" Issues Now, " the September 30 
lecture, featuring three of the mdin 
figu res in the hiri ng and firing of 
UCLA teacher Angela Davi s, has 
come under fire from the SAN 
DIEGO UNIO in an editorial 
entitled " This is education? " The 
U ION questioned , " Is this subject 
really what the university wants to 
extend to the citizens of the San 
Diego area under the aegis of its 
name and structure? " 

In an as yet unpublished repl y, 
University Extension Director 
Martin Chamberlain sta ted , " At 
USCD we believe the essence of 
education to be an examination of 
all sides of issues. We have created 
a hew program this fall ... to do just 
that. " 

In reply to the UNION 'S claim 
that the lecture was one-sided in 
favor of avowed communist Davis. 
Chamberlain wrote " the first of ten 
issues to be di cussed in this new 
series is th~ ' hiring and firing of 
A ng e la Da vis .' Among the 
partI cipants will be two university 
Regents (DeWitt A. Higgs and 
William K. Coblentz ) who took 
opposing sides on the vote to fire 
Miss Davis , as well as Mr. James 
Archer (a former Regent ), 
attorney for the Copley Press 
(which prints the SAN DIEGO 
UNION) , and Professor Kalish. 
Chairman of the Philosoph y 
Department at UCLA which had 
hired her." 

hamberlain also noted in hi s 
repl y that the U ION . on 

Septembe r 9, " published a 
complete story on " Issues Now" 
under the byline of Ken Hudson. 
your education writer . Apparently 
your editorial writer hadn 't seen 
this. " he continued (which made 
clear that the editorial could 
embarrass Mr . Hudson ). Hudson is 
a member of the " Issues Now" 
program selection committee. He 
was out of town and couldn 't be 
reached for comment. 

" Issues Now" moderator Dr , 
William R . Fraze r , UCSD 
professor of ph ysics. who is also a 
member of the program selection 
committee for the series. noted 
that 1he lecture series " is not only 
abou t Angela Davis. but rather a 
discussion of the hiring and firing 
of university employees. Naturally 
the Davis name stands out as one 
example. The lecture ha s ample 
representation from both sides of 
the Davis case but will go beyond ." 

" Thi s is the kind of 
embarrassment we don ' t need." 
said Dr. Sheldon Schultz , USC D 
associate professo r of physics. who 
is also a member of the program 
selection committee for the seri es. 

" We (the committee) ought a 
discussion of the hiring and firing 
of university employees through 
the extension program because we 
wanted its academic res,oectability 
and control. We will b walking a 
thin line, however. If one of our 
di scussions occurs befo re a 
vntroversial issue. the series 

could be linked to any trouble that 
could occur as a result. " This first 
of to lectures grew out of last 

O N STAG E! OPENS OCT 8 SIllClHtl $1.,50 
uC. Slit. nit_ 

~1U4M 7~ !5/Wd i#t flad 
by Jerome lowrence and 
Ro bert E. l ee 
A st imul ating provocative new 
d ra ma a bout the grea t American 
ind ividua list Henry David 
Thore 

12 '10 "' OO f'u. " W.d ,'~u, ., Su". , .... , phone 239.2255 ll~:~ 
:~: : :r~ ~~~~. ~~,!.7· · ' or Central Box Office, 
' l.lO 5 ••. • h,v •• 11. ' 1.I,."d AII ,I . •• ( . 10< , ( v. . Lobby, Urey Hall, UCSD 

olb globe tl)eatre 
lIolboo por. Oft lto,_ 

spring 's " People to Peopl e" 
movement which found many 
people ignorant of the Davis case 
and other matters relating to hiring 
and firing of professor . 

The " People to People 
organization grew out of Dr . 
Schult' s efforts during last pring's 
Cambodian invasion and crisis 
aftermath , which clo ed the 
universi ty of Californi a for four 
days. The group sent students out 
into the community to talk over 
issues with the residents of La 
Jolla and San Diego . 

Dr , Schultz stressed that " this is 
not a public lecture, but rather an 
ex tension lecture which would cost 
the public (s tudents) four dollar s 
for a single meeting. or paying the 
enrollment fee. We have 150 passes 
that will be given first to last 
spring 's " People to People ." The 
passes a re available in building 250 
on Matthews campu s across the 
hall from ED A. UCSD's 
information center. ,. 

Future topics . Dr. Schultz said. 
will vary with current event or 
crisis situations. Enroll es ar 
priviledged to suggest topics and 
spea kers to the selection 
com mittee. Future topics. he 
noted . may include drugs and 
soc iety 's response (the second 
lecture topic ). sexual prejudice 
(woman 's rights !, the President' s 
Com mi ssion report on campus 
disorder s. interpreting the 
November elections. Marine 
recruiters on campus . and · the 
jailing of students and minority 
groups. 

Through the services he sponsors, Smith hopes to enable 
the University to create an atomosphere where every 
student experience can be made a learning one. 

Smith feels that the University's primary 
responsibilities are to its students. Therefore he 
concludes that University policies should be to a large 
degree degree a reflection of student viewpoints and 
needs. The University , he continues, must as well stand 
ready to defend such reflection. 

Following this. Smith finds that if the University does 
its job in education students and education the public 
around it, it would inevitable become a leader in 
bringing about social changes. He considers this a proper 
role for institutions of education to serve . The 
controversial question concerning the University's role 
the bringing about of social change is how it will perform 
that function , not if it will. 

Although Smith will have some responsibility for 
student di cipline. he question the effectiveness and 
appropriateness of discipline in connection with student 
activities. It will be a part of Smith's job to enforce 
University regulation but he sta te that he will do his 
best to make those regulations ones which he can be 
comfortable with . 

When questioned about last year's War Re earch sit-
ins, Smith defends the students' right to protest while at 
the same time acknowledges his duty to enforce the 
regulations against certain mean of demonstration . 

Smith declines to make any predictions about the 
degree of unrest that UCSD will face on its campus this 
year, firmly believing that " to predict is to cau ." 

the fine art store 

complete line of art supplies 

formally 
(hamlins art supplies) 

posters and prints art books 

custom and stock framing 

'new' poster cubes $1.98 
candles 

1 SOlo discount with a d 

4683 cass pacific beach hrs 9-5: 30 m-f 9·S sat 
488-5350 

Tri ton Times September 29, 1970 Page 3 



Hearings SI,,'e" on Defense.Research 
tf've Landau 

Contributing Editor 
The question of federally funded 

research a! the University of 
California WdS raised in the middle 
of last year at UCSD and the debate 
became more heated as the Spring 
Quarter progressed . Then came 
Cambodia and student delegations 
to Washington, rallies and strikes. 
building takeovers, r constitution 
of many classes. and , finally, the 
actual closure of UC for a four-day 
weekend by Governor Reagan . 

The up hot of this activity at 
USeD, at an official level. was the 
formation of the Committee on 
Research Supported by the 
Military. Created by the Academic 
Senate during a series of 
emergency meetings in May. the 
committee consis ts of four faculty 
members and two members of the 
research staff. two graduate 
students and two undergraduates. 
It is charged to " examine all 
aspects of those activities which 
are carried out under UCSD 
auspice and which are funded by 
military and defense-oriented 
agencies. 

The committee met several 
times before the summer and 
completed the first part of its 
work. Teams of three committee 
members interviewed 15 
professors whose research is 
heavily dependent upon federal 
funding. A summary of the 
interview was made and sent to the 
professors for review 

Although the committee was 
charged to report back at thi 
month 's meeting, Dr. Herbert 
Stern , the committee chairman, 
says that the ovemb r meeting is 
a more likely date. A progress 
report will be given thi s month , 
however 

The committee will now hold a 
series of open hearings to given 
other members of the univers ity 
community a chance to present 
their views or any relevant 
information . D e partm ent 
chairmen , or representatives. were 
invited to testify la st Thursday, 
and Academic Senate mem bers 
will be interviewed Saturday. 

Saturday ha s also been 
tentatively' set as the date for 
students and other members of the 
university community to appear 
before the committee. 

An Academic Senate resolution 
of ovember 1967 had originally 
put some limitations on cla ssified 

research at UCSD. At the May 
m etings a resolution introduced 
by Dr . Jacob Korevaar . 
Department of Mathematics. 
would have severed all university 
ties with research on or off-campus 
(the university retains direct and 
indirect lies with several off-
campus institutes presently I. 

Two questions were raised 
during the discussions that 
followed . First. what exactly 
con titutes classified research , and 
secondly, should the university 
prohibit a faculty member from 
engaging in such research , even on 
his own time? 

The resolution. a passed . read : 
Be it Resolved : 

" That the Academic Senate of 
UCSD records its continutnl' 
opposition to th conduct of secret 
research projects . or clas ified 
parts of otherwise unclas ified 
projec ts. on campus and that it 
asks the administration to 
reafform this policy." 

"That the Academic Senate of 
UCSD urges the administration to 
cease the maintenance of all 
security deposi tories on this 

We 
need 
an 

artist 

• • • 
contact 

Haywood 
Gammon 

campus and to henceforth deny the 
use of uch security facilities. 
including university police, to all 
univer ity employees for the 
purpose of protecting classified 
documents and materia ls." 

Several other resolutions that 
were more far-reaching in their 
effect were defeated . Dr. Norton 's 
resolution called for the immediate 
termination of all research funded 
by military or defense-oriented 
public or private agencies. Another 
would have prohibited any new 
contracts of this nature. 

A resolution introduced by Dr. 
Parrish would have et up a 
permanent committee to monitor 
all federal contracts. Several 
resolutions called for a gradual 
shifti ng of funding sources away 
from the DOD agencies. 

The basic question during these 
discussions was whether a 
substantive policy statement would 
be made, or whether it would be 
postponed until an " unbiased " 
study could be made , according to 
committee chairman Stern . 
Although the Senate failed to come 
to agreement on any course of 
action the committee may adopt 
anyone of these options as it sees 
fi t. 

In their Spring interviews the 
committee sought answers to 
severa I question . They wanted to 
determine the extent to which each 
professor ' s research was 
dependent upon funding from 
outside sources and what the 
nature of that funding was. They 
then tried to establish whether the 
research was actually classified . 
Who has access to the information? 
Were security clearances 
necessary? Were the results 
publishable? 

The co mposition of the 
committee is quite varied . Two 
professors from the humanities are 
included : Dr . Reynolds of 
Psychology and Dr. Chapin of 
linguistics. Drs. Fager and Reid 
are affiliated with Scripps. Dr. 
Fillius is from the Physics 
Department. The two graduate 
students are Don Silva , Chemistry, 
and Erno Daniel , APIS .. Tom 
Baker and Bill Alaoglu . History 
and Biology majors respectively. 
are the undergraduates. 

The 15 professors interviewed 
last Spring are Drs. Arnold , 
Booker, Brueckner , Duntley , 
Folsom, Miles, Munk , Nierenberg, 
Penner, Schaeffer, Spiess, Spiro, 
Shor, Thompson, and Winterer. 

A LITTLE 
BUT 

BIT 
FI ND 

OUT 
US, 

OF 
IT'l l 

THE 
PAY 

WAY 

Ihw 1114 UII4 VW 's 4.II .. tic trlll. -ins IVlillbl. 

THIS IS IT 

INTERSTATE 5 NORTH 
~~-nr-------------_____ ~ ::J~ 

::; 

2 MILES EAST OF 
INTERSTATE 5 ON ENCINITAS 
BLVD. AT INTERSECTION r:: J 

EL CAMINO REAL i 

I 

~o~ I~----S-A-LE-S--------
SE RVICE 

PARTS AUTHORIZED 
DEALER 

HERMAN COOK VOLKSWAGEN 

'0ge 4 Triton Times 

1435 ENCINITAS BLVD. PH: 753-6256 
ENCINITAS, CALIF. 

• $Hi~TA~ iNe. 
SPORTSWEAR FO B. MEN 

Point Lorna - La Jolla 
Feoluring Levi' Farah· Surfline • Jockey 

Birdwell' Hong Ten' Mighty foIvJc 
Picodilly • Shelby Slacks 

7461 GIRARD LAJOLLA 454-1412 

September 29, 1970 

Un iversit y researc h ( above) with D. O.D. 
f unds sparked last Spring's sit- in (be low) 
in Urey Ha 11_ 

Awards Go To 
U(SO-Profs 

Three University of California. 
San Diego professors have been 
selected to appear in the 1970 
edition of " Outstanding Educators 
of America" in recognition of their 
civic and professional 
achievements. 

The Outstanding Educa tors of 
America is an annual program 
designed to recognize and honor 
men and women who have 
distingui shed themselve s by 
exceptional service, achievements 
and leadership in education . Each 
year over 5,000 educators are 
featured in the national volume. 

Selected for this year ' s volume 
from UCSD are Dr. Paul D. 
Saltman, Provost of Revelle 
College ; Dr. Walter Munk , director 
of the La Jolla laboratories of the 
Universitywide In s titute of 
Geophysics and Planetary Physics ; 
and Newton Harrison , Associate 
Professor of Visual Arts. 

Nominations for " Outstanding 
Educators of America " are made 
by sc hool and college 
administrators who have first-hand 

knowledge of the endeavors and 
accomplishments of those selected. 
Guidelines for selection include the 
educator ' s talents in the 
classroom , contributions to 
research , administrative abilities 
and CIVIC and professional 
recognitions they have received. 

An introductory message for the 
1970 edition was written by former 
Vice-Presedent Hubert Humphrey. 

Saltman joined the faculty at 
UCSD in 1967 after 14 years on the 
staff at the University of Southern 
California . He is very active in the 
teaching program for both 
undergraduate and graduate 
students and is concerned with the 
problems of the communication of 
recent important scientific 
developments to the layman. 

Dr. Munk , formerly a graduate 
student at Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography, has made many 
fundamental contributions to the 
understanding of ocean currents 

(con tinued on page /5) 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 

327 F st . 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tue. - Fr!. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233 - 8328 

Here 's what you 'll get out of it : 

Sign up at any Southern California First National 
Bank Office today - before the course is filled . 

Absolutely no service 
charges and no mini-
mum balance as long 
as you' re a registered 
student. 

A supply of 200 
checks, probably 
more than you'll use 
in a year. 

Both ways, if you 
should want to bank 
by mail. 

Accepted at thousands 
of stores and businesses 
across the U.S. and in a 
growing number of 
countries abroad. It is 
also good for cosh, up 
to $200, at any Master 
Charge bank. 

La Jolla Office, 7855 Ivanhoe St., 294·4760- La Jolla Sho~es Office, 2256 Avenida de la Playa,. 294.4440 . 
De l Mar Office, 330 15th Street, 755-932 1 Plus 54 other offices in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego Counties. 

Triton Times September 29, 1970 Page 5 



triton tiInes 
University of California, San Diego 

La Jolla, California 92037 
(714) 453·2000, ext. 1016, Advertising ext. 1017 

Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

One aspect of the TRITO ' TIMES' renewed 
attempt at representmg as wide a spectrum of the 
university community as possible is the solicitation of 
a vaned assortment of student views through the 
presentation of ('olumni ts who will appear on a 
regular monthly or bi·monthly basis. 

The reality of Itmtted copy space unfortunately 
prevenL~ us from givmg everyone a chance at regular 
presentation of their views. Therefore fmal selectIOn 
of student columni ts will be determmed by 
credibility as a legitImate representative of a 
prevalent viewpoint. writmg ability, and public 
response All readers of the TR ITON TIMES are 
encouraged to comment on or answer the viewpoints 
presented through letter and articles for our rel!ular 
opinion section You are also encouraged to contact 
the mdividual colunmlsts if you feel they ca n express 
your views. Supplementing this regular presentation 
of student views will t>e administrative and faculty 

column in which administrators and faculty 
members arE' encouraged to present their views. 

The first student columns to app ar include a group 
presentation by SOS in which they try to dispel 
rumors about their organization, and tell liS about 
their goals and about oppre sion in America as they 

e it. Jim Sill , a se lf-styled moderate, tells us about 
oppression of another typ . And Steve Landau , la st 
year 's editor. will be writmg analyl1cal pieces on 
campus and other polihcallssues 

Our Friday edition will have the first faculty 
column in which Professors Mike Parri sh and Frank 
Halpern will give their respective views on 
"establishment" and radical politics. The Women's 
Liberation Movement on ca mpus will give an 
introductory message. And Carlo Monje and Ra y 
Carrill will supplement the issue with a student 
interpreta tion of Third College. 

A Fe", Words on Policy 
All too often students are really unclear a to thp 

purpose and the goals of their own newspaper, and 
this is bad . Everyone on campus should be aware of 
what type of news and editorial coverage to expect 
and also the options open to them so that they may 
part icipate either directly or indirectly in 
contributing to an informed campus community. 

Information ... this is the primary emphasis of any 
campus publication. but it is established with va ring 
degrees of success and suitability to student interests. 
Our main function is to serve the students of UCSO 
first and above all other individual s or groups. We 
hope to do this by providing a source of reliable 
information and an outlet for the expression of ideas 
about anything which is relevent to the campus 
constituency. 

We are often faced with the questions: " But what do 
students want to know? How broad a scope can 
students ' interest cover?" Our feeling is that the 
educational facilities of higher education have 
expanded ·interests enormously. The range of 
coverage can extend from what's happening here 
Saturday night to the latest death tolls in Vietnam. 
Our job is to sift out what is important and set up 
priorities, such as when an important national event 
takes precedence over a humdrum campus event. 

While the chOice of subject matter will necessari ly 
be guided by the subjective judgement of the staff , 
this will be counterbalanced by an open opinion 
policy. 

All news reporti ng will be fair and accurate, and our 
reporters have agreed to give , to the best of thei-
ability, a balanced view of events covered. At no tim\.! 
will reporters make any independent conclusion or 
editorial comment in their articles. This prerogative 
is strictly reserved for the opinion pages in an effort 
to maintain clear news-ed,itorial separation . 

We are acutely aware of the pressing concerns 
stude nts have both here and nation Wide in regard to 
local. statewide, and nationwid issues. Consequently. 

we are particularily interested in providing an 
expanded opinion section and a broader news-analysis 
base which will supplement regular campus 
coverage. 

The expression of official newspaper opinion will be 
restricted to those pages and columns specifically 
designa ted for this purpose. It must be understood 
that these editorials can by no stretch of the 
imagination always represent a consensus of student 
opinion. Rather, they are a consensus of the Editorial 
Board of this paper. 

Because we make no claims to necessarily ' 
represent a balanced viewpoint in our editorials, and 
because we do not wish to monopolize student opinion, 
we have made provisions for other groups and 
individuals to represent their views regardless of 
their political persuasion. Our primary considerations 
for publishing such a rticles are : the quality of 
writing , interest content, and the extent to which the 
articles contribute to a balanced presenta tion of 
viewpoints. 

In addition to columns, we encourage students to 
write letters to the editor. While we want to publish as 
many of these as space permits, we hope this will not 
always be the primary incentive for your 
correspondence. We want to know what you feel, be it 
good or bad . 

We often wonder how many times serious 
confrontations could have been avoided if 
communica tion had been on a freer and more sincere 
level. While thi s doesn ' t mean that an ample means of 
communica tion will rule-out future clashes, such 
communication may nevertheless anticipate and 
mitigate fired-up commitments before the fuse burns 
too far An editor once mused that student tension is 
like an iceberg at times. The parts you don 't see are 
the ones whi ch hit you all of a sudden . We would like 
to melt some icebergs and clear the air. before it 
becomes necessa ry to clear the smoke, 

Canaday Derides Again 
Filing back in the year after the Kent·Jackson State 

massacres , those concerned with the university 
ponder in an a tmosphere of apprehenSion over what 
Will come re'll Will the dema nd for immediate 
change furt~er esca late the disruption of the 
university to th.e point of terrorist acts experienced in 
th Midwest and on th East Coast, or will it bring on 
indlscrimina :e repression on all fronts by the powers 
that be1 

Hopefully t ill lit j',dthcr, bu , IInfnrtu nantcly, one 
manisfestati m of the latter may already be upon the 
UC newspap ~r The Ca naday resolution is a Regents' 
attempt to c 'nsur out what THEY think unacceptable 
Th resolut on IS supposedly the resul t of lack of 
supervision ~ver editorial integrity and a laxness in 
acceptable s;a ndards of decency and excellence . 

As far as standards of decen 'y go.we of the U 

newspapers are unanimous in the feeling it is more 
the result of the fact the times have changed, while 
the Regents are still "conditioned by the 1920's." And 
what they view a a lack of editorial integrity is really 
their interpretation of the a lmost consta nt and vocal 
criticism of Regental action during the past few yea rs 
by the UC newspapers. We feel that thi s, more than a 
picture of a couple havi ng intercourse in the 
graveyard , IS what broke the camel 's back . 

Regent Canaday sta ted this summer tha t the UC 
lIt:wspapers were determined to see h w far they 
could go in t he name of free speech. In the words of 
that prophet of revolution , J erry Rubin , there was no 
consp iracy before, but there is now. We of the U 
newspapers are determined to probe and see how far 
th Regents will go in abridging the freedom of speech 
and the complementary freedom to criticize, which 
are so necessary In a democratic society. 

Letters to the editor repre ent the views of our 
readers. It is only with this type of dialogue that 
a newspaper can be a re pon ive communica-
tions instrument. 

Page 6 Triton Times September 29, 1970 

"OFF THE PIG" 
t4've tandau 

STP. Stop the pig. Stop the puerco. 
The leaflet, of undetermined source, reaches out to 

grab you with these familiar slogans as someone thrusts 
it at you. Ten demands follow- some old , some new 
(some borrowed, some blue? ). It a nnounces a rally for 
Saturday in Horton Plaza (downtown San Diego ). 

The police are a major focus of attention in movement 
politics. This is so because the police are, by the nature 
of their role in society, the guardians of the status quo 
and the tangible manifestation of the authority of the 
system . A major tactic of social change today is to 
engage in law-breaking acts in order to highlight 
inequities. The police are caught in the middle. 

The attitudes of the left toward the police include 
many valid points as will as some extremely unrealistic 
attitudes. In this sense the issue presents itself as a 
microcosm of today's struggles. 

Police as people have most of the hangups of the 
society at large . Therefore, they are often racist and also 
feel threatened by the cultural revolution taking place, 
as do most Americans. It is naive to think that they can 
divorce these prejudices from their work , 

Furthermore, minority people are underrepresented 
on most police forces. This may often be by design, but 
can also be due to the sheer lack of qualified or 
interested applicants. In any case , the ghettos are 
patrolled by foreigners. -

Obviously laws that protect property are going to be 
enforced on behalf of vested interests. The police must 
enforce laws against those whose crimes are symptoms 
of a variety of social ills, rather than hard-core crime. 
This is bound to provoke hostility in the ghettos. Also, the 
police must enforce outmoded laws, such as drug laws, 
and this is bound to provoke hostility. 

When one realizes that police receive the brunt of 
anger from so many groups it is no suprise that the job of 
a policeman is not an attractive one. 

How about solutions? One valid concept of the 
movement is increased community involvement in 
police activity. Only familiarity with the local 
community will bring mutual trust. It is no wonder that 
police in the ghetto now appear to be a foreign army of 
occupation. 

The radical cry for total community control, though, 
tends to hide this validity by turning people off. Middle 
Americans envision political armies and a breakdown of 
law-and-order. The ghetto communities must and will 
develop the manpower for local law enforcement. But 
these forces must be qualified as officers as well as 
being sensitive local citizens. We must recognize that 
crime rates in some ghetto areas are quite high , and 
police protection is vital , especially for ghetto residents 
themselves. Volunteer citizen groups will not suffice at 
the present moment. 

Complete citizen control of the police in the current 
climate is unfeasible and of questionable desirability 
anyway. But 'citizen review boards with increased 
authority are essential. The police are a self-enforcing 
organization and there is little outside input. In the 
increasing atmosphere of contempt for police it is no 
wonder that they band together all the more and are 
reluctant to discipline one of their own. 

Another valid demand is that " the police terminate its 
(sic ) harrassment of groups involved in organizing or 
participating in actions for social change." Closely 
related is the demand for the abolition of all secret 
police. It is in these areas that police actions have 
approached that fine line that divides the legitimate 
exercise of authority in a free society from arbitrary and 
autocratic enforcement of the status quo. A vigilante 
police force is a n affront to a democracy. 

Most importantly, though , is the need for education for 
policemen. Their job should take on the positive aspect 
of helping the communi ty in many ways. Perhaps a 
degree in sociology rather than criminology should be 
required. Also , some sort of sensiti vity training is vital 
to those who must deal with people on a day-to-day basis. 

The demand for removing police training programs 
from college campuses, when seen in this light, becomes 
ludicrous . 

Offing the ROTC from campus has probably meant 
that the ca liber of people in the military has declined 
even further. We can tolerate this , however, for we 
question the very existence of the military itself, at least 
in its pre ent form . But the police are an institution we 
will have to live with for quite some time, We'd better 
get serious about upgrading their quality. 

Which brings up another matter. If we 're going to 
expect police to really do their job right let's support 
them with higher pay and more resources (but not more 
mace and surveillance helicopters) , 

The term " pig" is one of a series of dehumanizing 
terms that emphasize one characteristic to the exclusion 
of all. other human characteristics. Thus a long hair is 
not a person, he is a " hippie ." Someone with black skin 
is merely a " negro." And a cop isn' t a person who just 
happens to be a policeman by pro{es ion , but shares 
other human desires, he is a " pig." 

We must separate fact from rhetoric, and realizable 
goals from wishful thinking. And we must deal with real 
living breathing people. 

. . 

opinIon 
'. 

"Coming down on the Right" 
flS~ \ 

Editor' s N o te 

Jim ill s i s a reg'u lar 
report r on the TRITO 
T1ME s taff. Howe e r , in 
s ubmitting thi s a r ticle to 
th e n w co lumns section of 
th e pap er h e doe s n ot 
n e ess arily r e fl ec t th e 
opinion of Ih e TRITO 
TIME. 

Students are familiar with 
stories of politica I repression 
against anti-war and anti-draft 
activists (on campus among other 
places ). Happily, the outside police 
have neve r come on our campus in 
regard to political event. Radical 
professor Lettau is still with us . 
Peaceful , non· violent activity is 
unhindered by the administration 
witness the strident rhetoric of SOS 
leaflets , and the uninhibited 
oratory on Revelle Plaza . 

Repression does exist at UCSO, 
however , but it comes from an 
unexpected source : our fellow 
students . 

Some members of the TRITO 
TIMES sta ff have been the victims 
of this repression . Our reporters 
have been refused admission to 
some s tuden t organization 
meetings because of the reporter' s 
politiCS. -Others, while covering 
stories. have been harassed by 
being physically threatened , and 
Prevented from getting near a 
news scene . Other hampering acts 
include holding newspapers up in 
front ot the reporter , Obstructing 
hi s view. These actions have been 
politically selective, being directed 
against those reporters identified 
as being Right of the political 
center . 

Perhaps the worst incident 
occurred after a n illegal 
i1emonstra tion last Ma y 27 . 
Following a protes t move that 

triton 

physically blocked then·Chancellor 
McGill from entering his office, 
about 15 students were ordered to 
stay off campu for two weeks. 
Some of these students returned 
the same evening to Revelle 
campus, and one was arrested by 
campus police for breaching the 
" stay off" order. There followed a 
wild pursuit of the arresting 
university police by about 60 
students, which culminated in 
rocks being thrown at the UCSO 
police station, and about 50 
windows being smashed in the 
Chancellor 's offices on Matthews. 

A TRITON TIMES reporter (a 
elf-styled " moderate") saw the 

flight of students running towards 
Matthews, and followed , seeing a 
possible story. He wa s seen by the 
students and greeted with cries of 
" Student Pig! " The reporter did 
not respond , and did his best to 
observe , not get involved, in the 
story. A moment later, one of the 
demonstrators struck the reporte~ 
in the back of the head , knocking 
him down. The reporter made no 
response , and followed th e 
students. He was forced to cringe 
in the shadows, trying as best he 
could to see what was happening 
near the Chancellor'S Office. Any 
foray within 30 yards of the news 
scene brought yell s of " student 
pig" or " fascisst ," and sometimes 
rocks . The reporter was challenged 
to fight at one point, by a fellow a 
head taller than himself. 

After the story was published, 
there was one complaint made to 
the editor. A girl asked . " Why do 
you keep sending fa scists to cover 
us (( the Left) ? " There was no 
critic ism of the writing. only of the 
writer. By contra st, there have 
been no harrassment incidents 
involving TRITON TIME S 
reporters and the campus pOlice . 

In more purely political matters, 
middle-of-the-road political groups 
have had their leaflets scattered 
and torn u~ . Several candidates for 
AS office critical of sit-i ns and 
disruptions have had campaign 

tiInes 
Editor-in-Chie f ... Haywood Gammon 

ity Editor ... _ .. .. _ . ... _ ... Ric'h H ei mli c h 
Managing Editor .. .. ...... ....• Mike K la ye r 
.opy Editor .. ......•• , , . , •• C huc k Graham 

Bus in ss Manager .. , ••.• , .••.. , .• Jeff Fri e d 
Ediloriul Direc tor • , .. ••.. , .. Raou I ont re ra s 
Associate ily Editors_ . Owen Joy n e r , John Maxwell 
Arts Editor ..... .. . .. , . _ . .. , . T e rry B a ra k 

ports Editor .• .•.... _ ... . . •• Roc ky Halfon 
Photograph y Editor ...•. ... .. ..• J o h n Zallcr 
Contributing Editor .••.. , , • • . .. teve Landau 

The TRITON TIMES is off icially recogn ized and supported as 0 student 
newspaper by !he Communications Boord of the University of Colifornia, 
Son Diego, Bu ilding 250, Mal1hews Campus, La Jolla , California 92037. 
Publica tion is twice weekly on Tuesdoys and Fridays. Office. are located 
in rOom 117, Bloke HolI, on the Re velle Campus. For Advertisi ng phone 
453-2000, Xl0l7; fofeditoriol or news phone Xl016 . 

.J 

material destroyed. One candidate 
estimated that " any leaflet or 
poste r I put up was ripped down or 
disfigured within one day." 

Yet , the repression is not limited 
to tho in the center or right. 
Dramatic proof was provided last 
May at a general strike meeting in 
the Revelle cafeteria . Speakers 
who favored a strike. but opposed 
further building take overs, were 
repeatedly booed and halted , and 
poorly heard by the " silent" 
majority of stude nts present. Also 
notable were the repea ted 
inte rruptions of gube natorial 
ca ndidate Jess Unruh last May on 
campus. Unruh wa s lucky to 
deliver two sentences in a row, 
before hostile questions and 
remarks were shouted at him. On a 
campus where the social ist Worker 
candidate was politely heard , the 
candidate of the party with the 
state ' s largest registration was 
nearly hooted down . 

The next time some one mentions 
.. repression ," look close to home 
and you may find it. 

ludents for a Democratic ociety 

"Fighting Oppression" 
The press has carried out a campaign to distort 

what SOS is ; they present it as a group of ecret 
terrorists , linked with the Weathermen . This a rticle , 
which ha s come out of much discussion in this 
chapter, will attempt to show what we think SOS is, 
and what it can do . 

SOS is a mass student organization which fights all 
manifestations of oppression with a pro-working class 
outlook. The first important part of the statement is 
tha t SOS is a mass student organiza lion . SOS is made 
up of students with a wide range of political views who 
see the importance of fighting racism , the war, and 
male chauvinism. 

A mass of students can fight institutions which are 
oppressi ng people. The university is one of these 
institutions. For example, this univer ity (UCSO I is 
involved in war research which directly a ids the U.S. 
in fighting a war of aggression against the 
Vietnamese people. Also thi s universi ty creates and 
perpetuates racism. At Berkeley there is a professor 
who has developed the theory that blacks have 
genetically lower intelligence and that a minimum 
amount of energy should be spent on their education . 
Thi same professor is a consultant for schools In 
Oakland and the South. 

Another way the university is participating in-
oppression is the way it provides well-trained robots 
for big business a nd young officers for the U.S. armed 
forces . How is this connected to oppression? Very 
directly. U.S. big business is the biggest oppressor of 
peoples around the world . Big U.S. companies make 
gigantic profits by paying foreign workers s lave 
wages and by robbing other countrie of their na tural 
resources. U.S. big busine s controls two thirds of the 
world 's wealth and when people such as the 
Vietnamese arise against U.S. il"[lperialist oppression 
the U.S. armed forces are there and come down hard 
to protect U.S. business interests. 

The university, then, is directly connected to thi s 
oppression through its recruitment polic ies. The idea 
that a mass of students can effectively fig ht against 
oppressive institutions, especially th universi ty. is 
one of the foundations of SOS. 

The word " fight ' is very important in the definition 
of SOS. Students who struggle together agains t 
oppression have many different ideas on how best to 
" fight." In SOS the group decides democ ratically the 
best ways of fig hting. Through past struggles some 
ideas on how struggles should be waged have become 
fairly established . One of these generally accepted 
stand s concerns who students should ally with. It ha s 
always been clear that pOliticians, liberal and 
con e rvative. are not allies. Conservatives who 
support the war are obviously enemies. 

Liberals are not allies either. It is clear that liberals 
are not sincerely interested in fighti ng oppression. 
The platforms they pu sh do not call for real change 
that would end U.S. oppression. Their programs ca ll 
only for non-effective reforms of th existing corrupt 
U. . policies. Students mu t also realize that 
administrators are certai nly not allies. The deans that 
are your " friends" today will be testifying against you 
in court tomorrow. Stud nt must e that they should 
ally with other s tudent and oth r group that ar 
fighting oppression. They must ally with women 's 
liberation groups, with ME HA . and B . and 
worker , e pecially ca mpu s workers. 0 e th 
ne ssity of allying with other organizations. Also 
SO is ready to support and coop rat with oth r 
groups which are engaged in strugg les agains t 
oppression . 

Another tactic tha t SOS has established as being 
valid in fighting oppression is education For 
example. last spring when SOS waged a struggle 
again t war research at UCSO the first part of the 
fight was an educational campaign. Th educational 
campaign explained by leaflets , newspaper articles . 
and rallies just exactly wha t war research goes on 
here . It is clear that study. research . and good 
understand ing of the facts should be at the base of all 
actions. After the information about war research had 
been brought out in the open s tudent had to decide 
what to do. The discu ssions about this were long and 
difficult. Decisions on tactics in SOS are decided bv 
the group. Thi s is another Important fou ndation of 
SOS. 

Thl year there are many things that people 10 SOS 
feel a re important to fight against In general they 
are : th recruitment practices of this univerSity : the 
war research tha t goes on here . and the 
institutionalized racism. Students who see the need to 
fight these things will determine what are the best 
actions which should be taken . 

In the origina l definition of SO given at the 
beginning of the article the term "all manife tltions 
of oppression" was used . SO sees the main 
manifestations of oppression in this country as being 
racism. imperialism . and male chauvinism 

It is clear how racisln hurts blacks and chicanos. 
and Asians and Ameri can Ind ians in this country. AI 0 
it should be recognized that racism is used against th 
Vietnamese peop le . SOS see that it is vital that all 
institutions which use raci sm a a tool mu t be fought. 
Also s tudents in OS realize they mu t fight their own 
racism and make alliances with all people, 

Imperialism i the international extension of 
capitalistic oppression. It enable .. big buslnes to 
survive. The mo t blatant a nd cri minal example of 
how .S. imperiali m oppre ses people lS the war In 
Vietnam. Thousands of Vietnamese and American 
people have been ki lled fighting a war which is in th 
interest of only a handful of big bu si nessmen in thiS 
country. SOS real ized that many people do not 
unders tand imperia lism SOS sees the importance of 
disclosing U.S. im peria li t practices a nd fighting 
them. 

SOS is a lso against the oppression of women . which 
is manifes ted in male chauvinism. SOS sees how 
wom e n are oppressed economically and 
psychologically SOS believes male chauvinism must 
be fought on a large scale and al so in our own 
movement. 

The final phrase in the general definiti on of SO 
which needs an explanation is "in a pro-working class 
manner." This is often a very hard con cpt for 
students to grasp. Many students don't realize that 
worke rs are their most imoortant allie . Workers are 
oppressed by the same things that oppres stud · nt 
The three main forms of oppression (Imp nalism . 
racism. and ma le chauvini sm 1 hurt students butth y 
more directly a nd senously hurl workers SO takes 
thi s tand becau the orga nization !ee that allying 
with workers doc s fight oppres ion In a v ryeffechv 
way. 

For example. the auto worker ' strik agam I GM 
fights imperialism by directly hurting the U .• 
war effort in Viet am. O . then takes a pro-
working class sta nd because It realizes oppressIOn and 
an alliance of student ' and workers Is Ih be ·t W3\' to 
fight this opprc sion ' 

i Have ~ ~ trade, somethi n g to se ll, th e • give away- use 
Triton T imes 

TrIOl1 Jimes , S~plf!mber 29, 1970 Page 7 



PSAtells 
ucSan 
where 
~. go~.----- -'~ _ , Sacramento. Los tes Hollywood· 

Burbank . And OnlarlO 
So go Fr m San 01 go 

Call your campus rep 
travel lQPfJt or PSA 

university city 
university square 

barber shops 
rlzor cuts 

open 9 to 7 mon o thru fri o 
8 10 6 sat 
9 to 3 sun . 

3244 governor drive 
453 -5970 

hair styling 

4031 governor drive 
453-0408 

bea's needlecraft nook 
needlepoint & sticheries 

original knitting & crochet yarns 

155 S. hwy 101 solana beach 155-3013 

controversial book store 
wide selection on mysticism 
occult arl 
yoga 

the revolution 

selected used textbooks 
psychdelic posters 

wide seletion of political publications 
all political views represented from the 

peking review to the cross and the flag 

man . to sat. 9 to 5:30 mon's and fri's till 9 p.m. 

3021 university ave ., san diego 296 -1 560 

new 
stones 
"get YOI!P 

ylS ylS out" 

all 8 track tapes 

2 for $10 .00 

Smog: A Layer Cake of Poisons LA to 
the Moiave; Seawater Can Help 
How two preliminary studies in UC's Project Clean Are 
changing previous ideas about California smog and its control 

LOS ANGELES- The mountains ringing 
Los Angeles do not confine the smog within 
the basin, as is frequently believed. 
Instead, the mountains help funnel the 
polluted daytime air through a heat 
chimney and lift it above the mountain 
tops. 

Th funneling mechanism has been 
documented in a three·month 
meteorological study conducted jointly by 
scientist from UCLA,UC-Riverside, and 
the U. S. For st Service. 

The same study graphically proves the 
existence at times of a concentrated smog 
layer above Los Angeles' notorious 
inversion layer. The university and 
government researchers also shed light on 
the slow smoggy destruction of the 
ponderosa pines in the Crestline· 
Arrowhead area of the San Bernardino 
National Forest. 

The spotty yellowing of the pine and 
other coniferous trees in the Arrowhead 
area , first dubbed " Crestline Crud" by the 
natives. triggered the study. 

Blame for the yellow·mottled condition , 
according to recent research by UC and 
Forest Service experts in Riverside, has 
been fixed on ozone, an ingredient of 
photochemical smog. 

Missing, however, was a precise 
knowledge of the role played by local 
meteorological factors. Did the smog come 
from the Los Angeles industrial-urban 
complex? If so, how did the wind transport 
the polluted air to the eastern part of the 
basin? How did the vertical temperature 
profile, from the ground to the mountain 
tops, affect the formation of oxidants, 
which consist of 90 percent of ozone? 

~"!\ hlae k 1)311 hun K" :. Inw"t continuall u"~r mon y of 
Californiu' ti major urtnw un'u"~ c.lil11iniijhill~ cpu,lit y 
or lirt~ fur l'lt~ ir in'lUbilunt ... " 

- I'holo b y I.urr) I .• ·• 

Teamwork 

To find the answ rs, U. S. Forest 
Service scientists decided to tackle the 
problem jointly with Prof. James G. 
Edinger of U LA and Dr. J . V. Behar , a 
photochemist from the UC Air Pollution 
Resea rch Center on the Riverside campus. 

Dr . Edinger, a flying enthusiast, ha s 
piloted pe ially instrumented aircraft 
through lhe murky air of Los Angeles for 15 
years to sludy atmospheric conditions in 
southern California. 

The proj t team s t up an observation 
n twork , ext nding from Santa Monica 
east to Redlands and north acros the an 
Bernardino Mountains to the Mojave 
d serL In Iud d in the network were two 
light plan s carrying ozon meters, 
thermom ters , and hygrometer ; two pilot 
ba 1I00n sta lions, and ra winsond s 
(radiosonde wind balloons ), measuring 
t mperature, pressure, and wind direction. 

0'1 A CLEAn I)", )fllI mu ld "'r r",,'w'r in Ln. 
Angele, in 1930. This i ~ III' a .. rial vi ..... r Ih. LeI.." 
campus al Ihal time. Sei(' nli" l on Ihi~ and olhf'r l C 
('ampuse~ arf' now f"nga~ed in Inajor error' ("oiled Ilro-
jeN Cit-un Air to improve air clualil y in <:alifornin . 

- I,h"IU b,. ~ . S~a llin fl: 

Students Help 
In addition , four surface stations on the 

southern slope of the San Bernardino 
mountains were manned by fore t rangers, 
UC Riverside scientists, and unpaid UCLA 
student volunteers, who recorded oxidant 
and hydrocarbon levels, temperature, 
humidity and wind . 

Support for the study came from Project 
Clean Air, a major University of California 
effor t involving 200 scientists and 
engineers from all nine campuses and 
aimed at providing prac tical solutions to 
California's air pollution crisis. A bill 
sponsored by State Senator Gordon 
Cologne to provide funds for Project Clean 
Air was recently passed by the Legislature 
and sent to Governor Reagan, 

Out of a mass of air and ground 
observations, UC scientists traced the Los 
Angeles smog path : 

On a typical June morning , hydro· 
carbons, oxides of nitrogen and other 
pollutants start fouling the air above the 
freeways and industries of Los Angeles. 
After mixing through the marine layer , 
from a few hundred to a thousand feet 
above the ground, the smog is trapped by 
the inversion layer, a high mass of warm 
air which clamps a lid on the smog below 
and prevents its escape into the upper 
atmosphere. 

Smog Build-up 
During the day, westerly winds from the 

ocean carry the smog from the basin 
through the San Fernando and San Gabriel 
Valleys and up against the mountain . 

Because the chemical interaction of 
pollutants with sunl ight to form ozone 
takes some hours, the ozone does not reach 
its highest concentrations until the smog 
has been carried well away from its 
original source during th course of the 
day. 

Where the oxidant·laden air meets the 
southern slopes of th San Bernardino 
Mountains , it confronts a new 
meteorological factor. The slope , having 
been warmed' by the sun during the day, 
reach a temperature higber than the 
inversion layer. This heat destroy the part 
of the inversion layer closest to the lopes, 
creating a funnel, or "thermal chimney." 

Now th smoggy air trapped below the 
inversion layer is v nted upward along the 
slopes. Some of the oxidant may b 
divert d into the inversion layer itself , 
another portion fr quently rises higher to 
form a new polluted layer above the 
inversion layer, and th remaind r often 
slides over the ridges and mountaintops at 
8,000 to 10,000 feet , and from there may 
spread out in a highly diluted form over the 
Mojave de rt . 

Page 8 Tri ton Time. September 29, 1970 

Damage to Trees 
Where the oxidants brush the slopes 

while escaping through the thermal 
chimney, damage to the ponderosa pin 
stands is most severe. 

Stills and time lapse movies taken by the 
investigators clearly illustrate another 
meteorological oddity, countering the 
common belief that the heaviest smog 
concentrations are always found in the 
ground-hugging marine layer below the 
inversion layer. 

Given a fairly windless night at the 
altitude of the inversion layers, says Dr. 
Edinger , substantial amounts of pollution 
in this layer remained overnight and until 
the following morning. 

Boosted by early morning solar 
radiation, oxidants in the inversion layer 
reacbed higher concentrations than in the 
marine layer below on all three mornings 
of the June 18-20 test period, the 
investigators reported. 

As the day wore on, winds from Los 
Angeles distributed a fresh load of smog 
throughout the marine layer. By late 
afternoons, ozone levels in the marine and 
inversion layers were roughly equal. 

Sandwiched between the polluted layers, 
Dr. Edinger frequentl y noted thin but 
distinct horizontal layers of clean air . 

Lead in Gasolin e: 

TIi\l II£1I U \ \1 H,E frOIl1 . 1110/1: . rr .... I, one· f,,"rlh "f 
161 ,000 arre. of pond" .. ",u pine ' It.nd , in "un U ... • 
nardino ~ational Fnrt',-\ l , NO mil po; (jU" 1 o( 1.0 \n,:(· I,·." 
Tr .... ~ un It·r. i~ d )illj.(; (1114· on ri~ hl UI)I)('o"., qui .. • 
r., i.lanl . lJr. 1'" .. 1 II . ~Iill"r of l C· lli, .. "i<l" and t . ~ . 
Fon"si ~("r\li"f' dwr k ... ""' id (' nl I.·, t' l or air. II i~hf''' 1 
dail y tlutximllm in" fu rl'.., t (rom 'l uy-(h·tolwr i.., Ihn'f' 
limf's til(' It' ,el til "hi"h planl ... and a nimul ... ~ ho", 

.~ the store 
crafts 

candles 
cards 

posters 
621 pearl 457-1436 

STAMP OUT Jtf 
DULL DORMS • 

~~---. 
rugs of III sizes 

~ I dAN'S "",--_4)(_& *_15 _6)(9_$2_9 ~ 
MAGIC CARPETS 

ORIENTAL CARPETS . ORIGINALS AND REPRODU CTIONS 
5821 LA JOLLA BLVD LA JOLLA CALIFORNIA TEl.45Q ·1414 

It Affects Air , Water, 
Land & Vegetation 

things & things 
antiquated aftd otherw is e 

SAN DIEGO- The lead content of the 
atmosphere around San Diego is increasing 
at a rate of about five percent annually. 

In the United States in 1968 alone, some 
500 million pounds of lead were consumed as 
anti-knock chemicals in gasoline . And 50 
million pounds were emitted into the 
atmosphere within the State of California , 
mostly in the densely populated Southern 
California and San Francisco Bay regions. 

These statements were contained in a 
paper by Dr. T. J. Chow, UC- San Diego 
chemist, read before the American 
Chemical Society meeting in Houston. 

The research is supported by the U. S. 
Public Health Service and the Office of 

aval Research. 

Pollutants 
"Our ·, research results show that the 

introduction of indu strial lead polluta nts has 
greatly affected t he geochemical ba la nce of 
lead in the air , in tbe water, on land, a nd in 
vegetation," Chow reported. 

Ten gallons of gasoline contain an ounce of 
lead additive. 

Chow said it has been demonstrated by 
other scientists that long-term increases in 
atmospheric lead result in predictably 
higher blood lead levels in exposed 
populations. 

"And because of -the well·known toxicity 
of lead . the health hazard of increasing lead 
pollutants in the environments cannot be 
ignored ," he said . 

how and his colleagues have b en 
sampling the air in the San Diego area 
continuously for three years. 

The lead particles have been collected by 
filtering devices and the amples analyzed 
for lead by isotopic dilution wilh a mass 
spectrometer. 

Chow pointed out that during the winter 
tempera ture · i n version phenomenon , 
downtown San Diego air show w kly 
average lead concentrations as high as eight 
micrograms p r cubic meter as propo ed by 
the American Indu stria l Hygiene 
Association in 1969. 

Although rain washes out the lead aerosols 
from the atmosphere , the lead content of th 
air builds up quickly after a storm front 
p~s e , he said. 

Suspended 
" We know now that the su p nd d 

particulate matters in the San Diego urban 
air contain between two to four percent of 
lead , with the highest observed value being 
seven percent of lead, " he empha ized, 

how said that each lead ore d posit has 
its characteristic isotopic compo iUon 
which is fixed during mineral genesi , so 
that this unique ch mical property can be a 
useful tool in identifying the sources of lead 
pollution. 

Triton Time. 

He explained lhat a comparison of the 
isotopic composition of polluted lead 
aerosols with that of gasoline lead shows 
that these two kinds of lead are identical 
within experimental error. 

1237 prospect street 18 jolla 
454 ·7000 

"This indicates that the excess amount of .. * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ,. lead in the atmosphere can be attributed ... .. 
only to a utomotive exhausts," he said. ... ... 

Chow and Dr. C. C. Patterson, of the'" : 
California Institute of Technology , found: ... 
several years ago that the hydrosphere is ... ... 
also being contaminated by industrial lead ... ... 
pollutants . ... : 

They learned that the average lead: ... 
concentration of rain water collected over ... ... 
La Jolla is about 40 micrograms per liter ... ... 
and that river waters in industrialized areas ... .. 
show a lead concentration of several ... ... 
hundred micrograms per liter. The U. S. : : 
Public Health Service drinking water... ... 
standard lists the "grounds for rejection" ... ... 
limit for lead as 50 micrograms per liter. ... ... 

"For the marine environment, industrial : I _ : 
lead pollutants are now being added into the... IN EVERY PI 0 KEn .. 
oceans in amounts far greater than the rat~ ... ... 
of introduction by natural weathering, " ... N4 / 600 VECTORLOG ... 
Chow said.: : 

" Industria l lead accumulales in lhe ... T\I\IIN « 
surface layers of seawater and the lead ... • 
content of the California Pacific coastal ... PACK : 
water is significantly higher than that in the : ... 
central Atlantic waters.... « 

" The study of the chemical composition of ... ... 
Greenland and Antarctic snow trata'" ... 

... ... 

indicates that the lead pollutants in the ... 8uy Pickett 's most powerful desk rule - the 34 ... 
northern hemisphere have increased sharply... REGULAR scale N4 Vectorlog - and get a bonus of a ... 
ince 1940 ; lead chemicals were first added ~ $38.50 VALUE pocket·size 6" dual base 10Ig log rute . Thletpower ... 

.... and accuracy of these ru es are equa 0 any ... 
to gasoline in 1924. Lead concentrations of... ONLY task. 80th rules feature all ·metal constructIOn, « 
recent Greenland snows is 500 times over ... $ 2 s sc Lifet ime Guara ntee, Carrying case for each plus ... 
the natural levels. " ... definitive self· instruction manual. « 

Chow aid that exces ive leads as high a ... « 
400 parts per million are found in the soil and ... : 
vegetation along roadsides. : ... 

"The significant high lead content in the ... 500/ 300 ... 
oil profile sugge ts that the polluted lead ... ... 

deposit are not very mobile and are ... R ULE : 
accumulating in the top soil," he said. ... ... 

" Lead concentration in the oil of : \NO ... 
variou m tropolitan region range from 200 ... T ... 
to 3,000 parts per million, far abov the .. .. .... " .. 
nalural lead occurrence of len to 15 parts .. For desk and vest, a matched pair of "ng/Log : 
per million. ", : Log speed rules for qUick probtem ! olutlon. .. 

Re arch by Dr . how and hi coli agu s ... REGULAR The 10" NC!. 500 IS preferred by pre·elgmeer· ... 
... $24.95 VALU In and technical students; the 6" No. 300 IS 

show that th lead pollutant originate ... th • Ideal pocket companion R~ to • lu h •• ,.. .. 
overwhelmingly from the burning of lead... ONLY all ·metal construction and a Lifetime Guara n' ... 

... tee. Each ru te has Its own smart sued Mus· « 
additives in gasoline. ... $179 S tang Leather Ca e. .. 

" In the Unit d States in 1968, about 500 « .. 
million pound of I ad were consumed as « .. 
anti· knock additives in gasoline during that ... ... 
single year. About ten percent of thi : : 
amount, that is, 50 million pound of I ad , ... « 
were emitted into the ambient atmo phere « University Bookstore « 
within the tate of alifornia . « ... 

« « 

Se pte mber 29, 1970 Page 9 •• * * * * * * •• * •• • * * * * * * * • * * * • * * • * * • 



Dr. Clifford Grobstein 

UCSD Med Students 
Begin Training 
Culled from some 3 .000 

applicants, 55 members of the 
UCSD School of Medicine's third 
fr es hm an class convened 
September 24 in the school' s Basic 
Science Building for the first of 
four years of training toward their 
M.D.' . 

The incoming class includes 44 
men and 11 wome n representing 29 
undergraduate colleges throughout 
the country. Eight are graduates of 
Stanford . five graduated from UC 
Berkeley, four came from other 
UC ca mpuses. and others from 
schools such as Amherst College . 
Jackson State, Harvard, Howard 
University. MIT , P omona , 
Princeton . Radcliffe. Vassar. 
Wellesley and Yale. 

Seventeen of the new medical 
schoo I students were biology 
majors in college , 11 majored in 
chemistry,' and other majors 
included psychology , zoology, 
biochemistry, biophysics. physic , 
pharmacy, English. electrical 
engineering, mathematics and aero 
space engineering. 

M ea nwhile , a n "ea rl y 

admissions program " at the school 
now includes eight undergraduate 
students. According to Dean 
Grobstein, ultimate purposes of the 
program are " to encougrage the 
deve lopmen t of i nnova tive 
combined medical and premedical 
curricula , to recruit and hold some 
of the mo s t promising 
undergraduate s tudent for 
training in a medical career at this 
school , and to allow such students 
much greater latitude and boldness 
in planning their undergraduate 
curriculm by eliminati ng the 
necessity to compete in medical 
school on the basis of s tandard pre-
medical accomplishments. 

" It is expected that the e ight 
students accepted in the program 
will take a combination of 
undergraduate and medi cal school 
courses fo r at least two years of the 
anticipated five yea r program 
leading to the baccalaureate and 
M.D. deg rees." Dean Grobstei n 
said, "Continuation of a ny 
expansion of the program will 
depend on the success of the 
present effort." 

SOUNDSVILLE 
everyday low prices 

plus specials! 

RECORDS·TAPES 

four stores to serve you 
1231 lIarnet IVI 

plcific .... ch 

colllill lve Inl1l 
II Cljon blvd 

.In dilgo 

5054 nlwport nl 
oUln .... ch 

bllbol Ind 
,lnu.II IVI 

cllirmont 

Page 10 Triton Times September 29, 1970 

UCSB Scientific Study Before-
and-After Effects of Santa 
Barbara Oil Spill of Jan. '69 

SANTA BARBARA-Man-made pollution of tbe ocean is 
causing a subtle and gradual erosion of tbe complex 
communities of marine plants and animals along tbe 
Southern California coast, according to two investigators 
on the UC-Santa Barbara team which studied the before-
and-after-effects of the Santa Barbara oil spill. 

SEA ANEMO E , f l ower-
like fringed objects (Jl 
bottom of photo, are one of 
the few fragile intertidul 
forms of life resistan t 10 
oil damage. 

Dr. Alexander C. Charters, Jr., 
research associate , and Michael 
Foster, graduate student, both of 
the UCSB department of biological 
sciences, see " clear indication" 
that this process has begun. They 
warn tha t it can destroy over a 
period of many years "the 
extrememly frail and vulnerable " 
organisms of the intertidal zones 
" as completely as a single, 
massive polution incident. " 

Contending that the destruation 
process is not always detectable 
after a short term study, they call 
for more effective environmental 
monitoring which " would continue 
not just during major 
environmental c rises , but for 
years." 

Their study of the effects of the 
oil spill of January 28, 1969 at Santa 
Barbara was carried out under the 
direction of UCSB associate 
professor of biological sciences Dr. 
Mic hael Neushul , presently on 
leave from the campus to do 
research in Switzerland . The study 
was lar~e1y financed by the 
Federal Water Pollution Control 
Administration. 

Assisted by some 20 students, the 
UCSB scientists charted the 
marine life along marked transect 
lines whi ch were laid between high 
and low tide levels after the 
massive spill . An ingeniously 
simple coring device fashioned 
from a coffee can was used to 
measure the oil deposits along 
these transect lines. The survey 
area stretched from Gaviota Beach 
tf' Leo Carrillo State Beach . 

The findings of the marine life 
and oil deposit surveys were 
correlated and then compa red 
(through the use of a computer ) 
with pre-spill surveys of marine 
life taken at the same locations by 
the late E . Y. Dawson and others 
over the last decade. 

The researchers note that their 
estimate of the amount of oil 
spilled at Platform A in the first 
ten days of the January, 1969 spill 
correlated close ly with that of A. 
A. Allen of General Research 
Corporation of Santa Barbara . His 
figure was 4,500 metric tons, about 
10 times higher than that cited by 
oil company officials. 

Here are some of their findings : 

open sunday 

1-5 pm 
hunters books 

7505 girar d Ive lajolla 

459 -3707 

books and stltionery 
art mlterials 

• Heavy biological damage occurred in intertidal surf 
grass and barnacle populations as a result of the oil 
pollution. Surf grass is still being damaged by the 
continuing spill. 

• The dosage of oil deposited on shore at some points 
was comparable to that deposited during the Torrey 
Canyon disaster. 

• The giant kelp, probably because of its tbin layer of 
mucilage which prevents oil from adhering to its 
surface. sustained minimal damage from the oil. 

• The common intertidal anemone proved itself- as it 
has done in past observations- to be highly resistant 
even to heavy concentrations of oil. 

• SCUBA divers cooperating in the survey reported 
finding no oil beneath the kelp canopy which parallels the 
Santa Barbara coast. 

• Survival of intertidal organisms depends on a host of 
factors, including positions of tbe organisms in the 
intertidal zone, tidal levels at the time of the pollution, 
extent of offshore kelp beds, length of time the oil stays 
at sea, methods of clean-up and type and origin of oil . 

• Cleaning of rocks with water-sand mixtures under 
high pressure removed an extensive community of 
limpets, snails, crabs and algae along with the dried oil. 
Not only were the organisms damaged but the oil 
removed ran down to repollute lower intertidal areas. 

• Life forms in the lower intertidal, which are covered 
with water more often than those at a higher level, have 
a better survival chance than the higher organisms, 
presumably because of the cleansing action of the water. 

Wi th an eye toward long-te rm erosion of natural resources , the two 
scientists conclude that every effort should be made to apply modern 
ecological technology to the monitoring a nd protection of Southern 
Californea ' s resources as a necessa ry investment in our environment. 

DEL 
MAR DRIVE-IN THEA TER 

OFF HWY. 5 AT VIA DE LA VA LLE TURNOFF , DEL MAR • 7SS-87S7 

NOW OPEN' 
cell theater for progrlm 

hillmirk cards 
party goods BAJA 

north coast stationers 
new 55 ' motor schooner 

lelVing jln 1 hom lin 
diego for I 10 week 
cruise Ind .. pedit ion 127 north highway 101 solanl beach 

755 ·4923 

off ice supplies school supplies 

to the sel of cortlZ 
• gUilt/crew *975 

co",plete 2'1 -6232 
.............. a .......... t. t. I •• 

... Hearings on Research Slated UCSD Med School 
(con lin li en from page I ) 

classes may be cancelled for a day, 
but c lasses should not be 
recon tituted or used fo r politi ca l 
pu rposes in such cases. 

AppropriateResponses 
Another member of CSU, Dr . 

Daniel Orr of The Economics 
Depa rtment , sees the committee 
as a temporary tool to prevent a 
repe tition of the sort of 
politi calization of the UC system 
that oecured las\ spring. " I hope 
that a climate will be restored 
where things like this (eSU) will 
not be fel t necessary by people who 
get themselves involved in them." 
" It is po sib le to make academic 
progre s, even in the face of 
disqui e ting events. I am not saying 
that these evenl should be 
ignored." 

He noted that " some people are 
hit harder than others by outside 
events" and " dispOSition s hould be 
made" to accomodate them . 

When questioned about what 
me thod s should be used to prevent 
future di sruptions of the academic 
process by outside events , Orr 
stated that " appropriate responses 
have to be d ec id e d b y 
administrators." He added that 
such respon ses are now being 
developed. He generally feels that 
the faculty 's role should be 
exemplary to the students . 

Letters to McGill 
Much of th e co ntroversy 

surrounding CSU is due to a 
number of ope n letters written by 
Douglas to ex-Cha ncellor William 
McGill during the summer and 
distributed to the press . Douglas 

sta tes that he wrote the letters as 
an individual and not a 
representative of CSU . but this 
point was not made c lear to facultv 
members or administrators. • 

Revelle Provost Paul Saltman 
feels that the letters. along with the 
talks between C U members. the 
governor and some Regents . 
conslttute an effort by CSU to 
achieve its goals out ide accepted 
channels. " They beIteve tradiltonal 
methods have not worked . so the v 
are chOOSi ng outside means to 
achieve their goals They are 
decrying the use of such tactics by 
radicals and thev'll do it 
themselves." . 

McGill is presently the pre ident of 
Columbia mvers ity In New York 
City. 

Douglas has charged that the 
Third College Board of Directors 
used racial and political criteria tn 
selection of faculty . and that in at 
lea. t two cases McGill approved 
appointments against the 
recommendaltons of the AcademiC 
Senate committees reViewing the 
candidates. 

Third College Provost Joseph 
Watson replied. " If there has been 
political hiring. it has to Involve 
Third College, the department 
involved . the chancellor, the ad hoc 
budget committee, and the budget 

Sa ltman feels that the proper committee. There has been none. 
solution to problems confronting We may have been a httle different 
the unive rsity is to " provide every from college intervlews In which 
opportunity possible for faculty and we ask people questions to 
students to participate in the de termine how Interested they are 
univer sity." Th e cam pu s in .tudents. particularly minority 
community . he says, "must deal. students. a nd how interested the ... 
with issues in open fashion ." are in seeing that the knowledg~ 

Politicol Pressure 
In the letters, Douglas c ritic ized 

McGill 's handling of Third College 
and other ma tters rela led to 
students and politics last year. 
Douglas believes McGill acted out 
of politica l pressure from s tudents 
rather than in the best interes ts of 
the campu s. 

McGi ll , on a number of 
occasion s, c riti cized unnamed 
faculty members (recognized to be 
Douglas a nd other CSU members ) 
for being naive and " dupes of the 
Regents. ,. The latter accusation 
s temmed from the talks the CSU 
members had with the Regents. 

they have may be used to benefit 
minority communities" He sums 
the criteria potential Third College 
members should be judged on as 
··their teaching ability. their 
ability to conduct research. and 
their a bi li ty to conduct and 
perform public se rvice." 

Watson stated that the Board of 
Direc tor s joined with the 
department involved to decide on 
candidates who would fit both their 
needs . " We'd never send a 
recomm e ndation on an 
appointment to the chancellor 
unless we agreed on it. " He fee ls 
that Douglas' cha rges will have to 
be answered to exonerate Third 
College . " We will have to take a 
great deal of time answering 
unfounded questions on our right. " 

l(j(i)king 
for those 

. used 

Acting Chancellor Herbert York 
has not yet had a cha nee to dea I 
with CSU and is planning a meeting 
wi th CSU leaders to discuss their 
goals. " r have to proceed with a 
reasonable amou nt of delicacy just 
because the chancellor 's office has 
so much more power." " If a group 
of the faculty wants to concern 
itself with rather serious and basic 
questions, they have every right to 
do so.'-

Sociology professor Bill Wilde . 
whose experimental and free-
wheeling courses are believed by 
some to make him a target of CSU. 
sees nothing wrong with the 
university or with politica li zation, 
his advice to Douglas is to " be 
Happy." texts? 

try the 

T. T • . 
classified 
section 

in Jolla 
~~nrt1i 
:!Ittrktt 

Studies Local Drug Scene 
The effectiveness of local drug 

education and preventIOn program 
Will be measured in a umque 
research study betng undertaken 
by the Department of Psychiatry 
UCSD School of Medicine. lor the 
San Diego County Department of 
Pubhc Health 

Under a recent agreement. the 
County has deSignated $10.000 for 
the study mto the efftcarv of lt ~ 
various drug programs Matchtng 
fund Will come from UCSD and a 
Nallonal Institute of Mental Health 
research grant. 

The threefold aim of the stud \' 
accord Ing to Dr Arnold J Mdndeil. 
chairman of the D partment 01 
Psychiatry. IS tu indicate the 
pattern of drug use In the county. 
begin to Idenllly some of the 
characteristiCS of th drug abuser 
among teenagers. and to explore 
patterns of drug use in relationship 
to a number of psychosocial 
variables in various San Diego 
County subcultures. 

The survey of randomly chosen 
high school-age students is being 
made in five Sa n Diego areas . but 
on an individual basis and not 
through the chool s. The subjects 
are " normal kids," Dr. Mandell 
said. and names are not collected 
so the inventory is anonymous 

" This is probably the most 
extensive study of teenagers on the 
basis of random sampling being 
conducted in the country," he said . 

Using an extensive inventory to 
evaluate drug use patterns. t he 
survey covers attitudes toward a 
wide variety of subiects--politics. 
sex , law a nd order , education and 
family life among the 3,000 
codifiable items. The individual 
test takes an hour and one--half to 
answer , Dr. Mandell said , and one 
inventory alone involves 26 
compu ter cards. 

Included in the sample will be 
high school students in the San 
Diego Unified School Distri ct a 
selected sampling of other sch~l 
di strict s for a coun ly- wide 
representative sampling, young 
adults in the beach communities. 

patients of the Crt,IS Center. and 
other representauvp geographiC or 
socioeconomic groups 

Goal of the researc-h questions IS 
to establish ba se lint' d rug use 
patterns. Dr Mandell . ald against 
which to evaluate the educational 
and prevention programs carried 
out by San Dtt'go Count, lit' <;aId 
some 800 subjl'C'ts of a propoS('d 
total of 1.000 alreadY had ])(",n 
't'en After I!athenng the base line 
data thiS vear. the researchers wtli 
spend nex t year . ummartztng 
results and nottng the trends as 
effected b\ drug edu!'ation and 
prevention programs If fundl'd . 
they Will repeat the study n xt year 
to evaluate an~' chang s In 
behaVIOr which rna\' have been 
effected bv the couni,.s educaUon 
and prevenUon program 

Dr Mandell said th program IS 
being directed by Dr Lewi ' Judd . 
associate profes or of p vchlatrv 
under specific contract -With t1i~ 
County' Drug Education for Youth 
!DEFY) program headed by 
Marion Bryant and Dr. J . B ' 
Askew. Collabora Ling 10 the study 
are Dr. Ransom Arthur and Dr 
Enc Gu nd erson . adjunct 
professors of psychiatrtc Re earch 
Group . 

Dr. Mandell said his researchers 
will assist DEFY in directing its 
educational efforts consistent with 
the resea rch findings while the 
project is in progress and at it 
termination. 

complete sales 
& service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
1556 .arnet Ive 
plcific beach 488 -8655 

*******************************. 
* * : welcome back : 
* * ! pick up your free g 
* * ! term planner : 
* * : UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, ~ 
* SAN ·DIEGO * 
: BOOKSTORE HOURS : 
: Academic Year : 
* Monday-Friday . . .. 8:00 A.M.-4:30 P.M. * 
* Saturday .. ...... 10:00 A.M,·2:00 P.M. * 
* Summer Hours * 
* Monday-Friday ..... 8:00 A.M .-4:30 P.M. * 
* Closed Saturday * 

* * 
: TEXTBOOK RETURN POLICY : 

2259 Aveblda DE LA PLAYA ** Don't mark your books until you are sure : 
* you will keep them * 

HAIR 
FINAL WEIKS! 

AQUARIUS THEATER 
' 230 $unoet BlVd. 

4&1·3571 

.",.IIT 11"111 
SJ .50 0" u l. h.11 _our ,.,." curtlln 10' 
III perform, nen, (.ob/tet t .... U,'I1.I,) 

1.0. 11",01'14 

folk arts 
blues , folk JIZZ, 

rock on reco rd 
also : pottery , jewelry , 
leather , 

hand made clothes 
3753 indil 

(corner washington 
and india) 

Phone 459 - 3465 

Groce,ies, 
',04"., 
.,,'s, 

Wi •• & I •• , 

* Textbooks may be returned for a full re- * 
** fund provided the fol lowing ,conditions are ** 

met: 
** 1. Cash reg ister receipt must be pre· : 

sented. * 
: 2. Books must be returned within 2 weeks * 
* of the date of pu rchase or before the * 
* end of the second week of classes ill * 
* the quarter for which they were pur· * 
* chased. * 
* 3. Books must be in the exact condition as * 
* when purchased . : 
: lim' ed quantity available : 
: university bookstore # 
t****************************** 

Triton Time, . September 29, 1970 Pdge 11 " 



KEEP INFORMED 
for those of you receiving this issue of the trite. t ... " .liI Ind Ire wanderinl why,l .. explaination follows .... 

we .re tlking this opportunity to Iqu.int you with uud's student newsp.per 

the triton ti",.s is published every tuesdlY • fridlY while clllSls .re in session 

stay tuned in to campus news 

$5 buys a years subscription all 60 issues 

name 

address ____________________________ ~~ 
zip 

send to triton ·ti",es blake hall ucsd la jolla calif. 92037 

ASUCSD PRESENTS • • • • 
A t the Coffee Hut: 

alurday nile, Seplember 26-
Dave Burger and folk group Phelp_ and Martel 

Monday nile, September 28-
Chris Hagen and Paul Kanler 

Tuesday nile. Seplember 29-
The Royal Regals Band 

Wednesday nile, Seplember 30-
Dos Payadore 

Thur day nile, October l-
Avery Pitts 

Friday nile, Oclober 2-
The Barrel Hou e Blues Band 

aturday nite, October 3-
direct from the Troubador in L. A. , 
folk singer Jack Tempschin 

Sunday nite, October 4-
folk singer Pat Moss 

All Coffee Hut events begin a' 9:00 p.m. 

Friday Night Flicks: 
On Friday night, October 2, in USB 2722 you can 
ee "I Love You, Alice B. Tokla ," starring Peter 

Sellers, and "T he Greal Race" for a very low 
admis ion price. For chedules for the coming 
weeks, consult your local FRIDAY NIGHT FLICKS 
schedu le at your nea rest bulletin board. 

Coming November 1, 1970: Mort Sohl 

Page 12 Triton Times 

This yea r 's ASUC D Program Board is planning a full year's worth of 
activities directed toward the des ires of the student body. Each week III the 
Triton Time.~ there will he announcements of forthcoming events. We are now 
in the process of forming our commiuees which consist primarily of under-
graduates and any of you who are interested III se rving on one or more of 
these ommitlecs s hould contact me at the tudent A tivitie s ffice, 250 
Matthews Campus, ex ten sion 1913 or stop m on my truekin' throu gh th e 
haJJ ' and corridor of Rev II o ll cge. Please k cp in mind that any comment 
or su gge tion s YO ll ma y have .-egarding A.S. programming are desired and will 
be appr iat d. 

p II ns 
D Program Board hairman 

September 29, 1970 

, 

Dr. Joseph W. Watson 

..• Third College 
(continued from page 1) 
GAA equals GPA or SAT 

I) GAA ; General Admissions 
Average (3 .00r hiRher ) 
2) GPA; Grade Point Average. 
3) SAT ; the Scholastic Aptitude 
Test's verbal and mathematical 
scores combined and converted by 
a formula which changes a score of 
1100 to 3.0. 

4 ) BMPA ; Background , 
Motivation , and Persistence 
Average, ranging from 0 to 4.0, to 
be arrived at through interviews 
with the prospective student. 

S) RA ; Through careful and 
somewhat wider use 01 letters of 
reference both the intellectual and 
non-intellectual leatures 01 other 
parts of the formula will be 
supplemented . A minimum of four 
letters will be required . A letter 
writer will be asked to summarize 
his assessment 01 the applicant in 
quanti tative terms which will then 
be converted to a 0 to 4.0 scale. 

Watson notes that such a 
criterion is now invalid, as the 
general equation has not been in 

use . Alter the variance formula 
had been drawn up, it was agreed 
upon that this proposal met no 
one's desires as it was too much of 
com promi se it was thus 
withdrawn. Until now, the criterion 
used for admitting students has 
been on the 4 percent basis (GPA, 
Motivation , Indication of 
motivation , and ability to do 
university work.) 

Approximately 90 per cent of the 
Third College students, says 
Provost Watson , need financial aid. 
"This is a major problem lor any 

student but is especially so for 
minority students ," he said . " With 
the increase in minority students. 
more pressure will be put upon lor 
increasing funds. The feeling is 
that Third College has enough to 
squeak by this yea r ... 

About $170,000 was received from 
the Ford Foundation for curricular 
development, faculty recruitment, 
and research grants. The Ford 
Foundation grant will be used to 
support several areas of the 
academic plan . A small series of 
"starter grants" has been designed 
to aid various research efforts . 

Need typing done-
wont to type? 

advertise in the 
Triton Times 
Classified 

" 

State 
Fellowship 
Offered 

The California State Scholarship 
and Loan Commission announces 
the opening 01 the fifth competition 
for State Graduate Fellowships 
with the di s tribution of 
applica tions to every California 
college and graduate school. 

State Graduate Fellowships are 
for tuition and fees at California 
graduate schools and are designed 
to help encourage college students 
to attend graduate school in the 
academic di sc iplines whi ch 
produce college faculty. 

State Graduate Fellowships are 
available to students who will be 
entering graduate school lor the 
first time, to those who are 
currently enrolled, or to those who 
have been previously enrolled with 
preference being given to entering 
students and those who have 
completed only one year of 
graduate school. 

Approximately 1.320 fellowships 
will be available for 1971-72 and are 
tenable for graduate work in the 
sciences , social sciences. 
humanities, the arts. mathematics, 
engineering , business , and 
education, and others which may 
be determined by the Commission . 
Professional degrees in law, 
medicine. dentistry. veterinary 
medicine, pharmacy, and similar 
programs are excluded. 

Applications must be filed with 
the State Scholarship and Loan 
Commission by January 16, 1971. 
Announcement of winners will be 
on April 1. 1971. Fellowship 
applicants who are entering 
graduate schools for the first lime 
will be required to take the 
Aptitude Test of the Graduate 
Record Examination in October, 
December. or January. 

Arrangements for this test may be 
made through the student's college 
or the Educational Testing Service 
in Berkeley. 

I.f. 
... ,. *31& 385 
t.i,li nu· 
.. •••••••• 470 

jet cllertlr. 
c .... cti •• fli,"t. tl 

a."plrl , ••• iI., 
....... , .... 1. .... nlcatt. 

for inforll.tiln 

•••• 

nil 
or writ. 

flight 
cOlillitt •• 

p.o. bOI 2649 
.t.nford Cllif. 

14301 
(416) 968-2671 

r~l~IHTS·IWITf.S_LtS_l£~THtR· '-1ft rwus'lAPctJI.KIf 
~21' W5~DN 5UP.' MISSION A'A. TEL .1 

Triton Time. Sept.mber 29, 1970 Page 13 



, 

ass-Fail System Gets Top Marks 
SANTA ~RUZ - The 

pass-fail grading system at 
this Un i versity of 
California campus has 
been hailed an overall 
success. The conclusion, 
based on a general 
consensus among students 
and faculty, was contained 
in a special report to the 
UCSC Academic Senate. 

Operating under a 
variance from the 
University of California 
grading system, the UCSC 
method couples Pass 
(roughly A-C in letter 
grade equivalents ) and 
Fail (D or F ) with an 
individual evaluation of 
the student 's performance 
in class written by his 
instructor. 

In addition, every senior 
is ~equired to pass a com 

You meellhnitest people in the 
TritonTimes 
dassifiedsettion •..•.. 

Page 14 Triton Time, 

•• 

preheneive examination in 
his major field(s ) and/or 
submit a satisfactory 
senior thesis. UCSC's use 
of the P IF eystem on the 
undergraduate level in all 
but a few nonintroductory 
science courses is unique 
in public higher education. 

Lessening 
In reviewing UCSC 's 

innovative Pass / Fail 
experiment, the report 
notes a general lessening 
of emphasis on pressures 
extraneous to the 
educational process but 
seemingly inherent in the 
letter grade system. 

• 'The distortion of the 
educational experience 
caused by student anxiety 
over which letter grade he 
will receive is almost 
eliminated . _. competition 
more often takes the form 
of doing one's best for a 
class in which there is 
special interest ... The P/F 
plus evaluation system 
leads to a significant 

September 29, 1970 

change in student attitude 
and morale. 

" The instructors appear 
to be more like resources 
for the aid of the students 
and less like stern judges 

cheating is almost 
unheard of . .. Students 
are viewed ( by 
instructors ) more nearly 
as human beings rather 
than being stereotyped as 
'an A-student' or 'a C-
studen t.' " 

Written evaluations 
sometimes make up 9 to 10 
pages of a UCSC student's 
transcript and delineate 
him as a personality rather 
than a cipher to be fed into 
a computer. "Out of a 
conventional academic 
transcript arises a 
numerical grade-point 
average. Out of the few 
pages of a Santa Cruz 
transcript arises a picture 
of a flesh-and-blood human 
being- uneven , multi-
dimensional , qualitative, 
unpredictable , incapable 
of summarization. " 

Weaknesses 
In their evaluations, 

instructors comment on 
academic weaknesses as 
well as strengths providing 
data useful for purposes of 
effective counseling and 
the selection of students 
for academic awards and 
honors. The academic 
summaries also prove 
helpful in determining 
dismissals. 

"The promise of a late-
blooming or temporarily 
troubled student may 
appear in these 
evaluations and provide 
the basis for a decision to 
retain bim further in the 
University, a decision 
which might have been 
impossible if based on 
letter grades alone." His 
own evaluations are 
available to the student to 
help him in gauging the 
level of his academic 
performance. 

Further, the CEP found 
that evaluations would 
seem to be a more realistic 

guide to predicting a 
student 's future , potential 
academic and voca tional 
success than conventional 
grading systems. " Over-
use of the grade-point 
average as a single, 
convenient, quantitative 
measure of student 
'competence' is a widely 
perceived evil of the 
American educational 
system," observes the 
Committee. 

Other positive aspects of 
the system mentioned in 
the UCSC grading critique 
include the great 
distinction faculty and 
students attribute to an 
outstanding evaluation and 
the high academic 
standards maintamed 
under the P /F system. 

The CEP repor t also 
brings to light several 
negative aspects of the 
system. Problems arise 
from a lack of 
understanding on the part 
of instructors as to the 
purposes of their 
evaluations. "Some write 
(evaluations ) as if they 
were to be read by 
graduate school 
admissions committees ; 
others write very critical 
evaluations intended to 
help the student improve 
the quality of his future 
work but which may look 
bad on the student s 
transcript. 

We still are troubled by 
instructors who evaluate 
human beings or 
personalties, rather than 
performance in class." 
The CEP now sends a 
letter to all instructors 
each quarter outlining 
such problems and reports 
that considerable 
improvement has been 
noticed in the quality of 
written evaluations during 
the past four years. 

Difficulties 
Difficulties have also 

been experienced in 
educating graduate and 
professional schools to 
evaluate a Santa Cruz 
transcript. " In reading 
th rough a se t of 
evaluations , unfavorable 
ones may assume undue 
importance , perhap s 
because the reader is 
accustomed to convention-
al letters of recommenda-
tion , from which unfavora-
ble comments are careful-
ly pruned ." However, the 
report goes on to say that 
" most qualified UCSC 
graduates manage to gain 
admission , financial aid 
and scholarships for their 
post-graduate work." 

Another threat seen to 
the system is an increase 
in classes so large (50-350 
students) that no 
evaluation is written. 
" However , it would seem 
that if an instructor of a 
large c las s could 
meaningfully assign letter 
grades , he could 
meaningfully assign brief 
written evaluations. Thus, 
a determination on this 
campus to preserve it 
grading system might 
overcome this threat. " 

Tue day 
29 eplember 
CoHee HUI-Th e Ro ya l 

Regals Band 
Arl Exhibit-Employees of 

the cience and Engin-
nee rin g Library arc now 
s howing their own work 

.of art in the rey Hall 
Di splay ases on Revelle 
Ca mpu s ... This di ' play 
will continue through 
Octobc r 5. 

I,ort Arena-l ce Follies 
through Octobcr 4 . For 
informat ion ca ll22'~-417] . 

Wednesday 
30 e plember 

aturday 
3 October 
Coffee Hut-Folk s inger 

Jack Tempehin, 9 p. m. 
Music-Bi g Sur Folk 

F ' s tival , Monterey Fair 
Ground s. 

Sport -Football an 
Diego S tate College vs. 
Brigham Young at th e 
an Diego Stadium , 8 

p.m. 

Mi cellaneous-" top th e 
Pi g Day" Horton Plaza , 
downtown an Diego at 
12 noon. 

Sunday 
40ctobcr 

Coffee Hut-Dos Pa adorcs Co ffee lIut-folk s in ge r 
9 p. m. Pat Moss, 9 p.m . 

Thur da y 
J October 
Coffee Hul-

9 p.m. 

Friday 
2 October 

ver y Pitt s, 

Coffec Hut-Th e Barrel 
Hou se Blues Band , 9 p.m. 

Friday Night at the Movie -
7:30 p.m. 2722 B "I 
Lovc You, lice B. 
Tokla '." 

Movie-at a n Di ego tate 
ollege, Azt ec Ce ntcr-

admi ss ion with D 
card onl y. "Cool IIand 
Luke" 6 p.m. & 8 :30 p. m. 

T -Actin g Chan ce llor 
Herbert York will b e 
g u e t on 'C it y in 
Mot ion ," K FM B -T 
Channel 8. Tim e tenta-
tiv e l y se t for 7:30 
p.m . 

Scholarly Study 
About Kissing 
BERKELEY- There's more to a kiss than meets the 

lips of modern lovers according to Nicolas J . Perella, 
UC-Berkeley professor of Italian , who has devoted a 
unique 356-page scholarly study to this agreeable 
subject. 

"The Kiss Sacred and Profane," just published by the 
U.C . Press, is probably the first attempt to interpret the 
history of kiss symbolism and related religio-erotic 
themes. 

Perella concentrates on the older eras of Western 
civilization, from the early Christian centuries through 
the Renaissance-Baroque age, giving only a passing nod 
to more modern· oscula tory manifestations. And no 
wonder, considering a contribution to kissing theory by 
Sigmund Freud: 

" The kiss between the mucous membrane of the lips of 
two people is held in high esteem among many nations, 
in spite of the, fact that the parts of the body involved do 
not form part of the sexual apparatus but constitute the 
entrance to the digestive tract." 

Perella decided to embark on a study like this when 
, doing research for his doctoral thesis in the late 1950s at 

Harvard on a Renaissance-Baroque poet. 
lie has since combed religious texts, legends, drama, 

essays and , of course, a great deal of poetry to trace the 
significance of kissing down through European history. 
The result is a learned analysis of kiss symbolism 
extending from mere affection through treachery, 
nourishment, a sex substitute , soul transference, death 
and resurrection , and divine grace . 

Dante's " Inferno" provides a fertile field for analysis 
with a famous couple sealing their allegedly sinful love 
with a kiss that plunged them ultimately into the nether 
world . 
. On the other hand, the young Erasmus could hardly 
contain his enthusiasm when he visited England in 1499. 

. He wrote a friend extrolling the " nymphs here with 
divine features," and expressing delight with the way 
English folk bussed each other on every occa ion. He 
concludes, " Oh Faustus, if you had once tasted how 
sweet and fragrant those kisses ar , you would indeed 
wish to be a traveller, not for ten years, like Solon, but 
for your whole life in England ." 

These and many more instances of the use of the kis 
are examined by the author. 

Sunday 

Concert-at an Di ego 
tate Co ll ege's Pe t e rse n 

Gym- Frank Zappa and 
the Mothers of "'H'en tion 
8 p.m. 3 with any A ' 
card. 

Art Exhibit- an Dicgo 
tate College in the rt 

Gallery until Of'toh e r 20. 

A NOU CEMENT 
The Am e rican Hi story and 
In s titutions Exam will be 

. giv'n on ctober 31st, a t I ' 
p.m. in the HL Auditorium . 

tudent. wi s hin g to tak c 
the e xam mu st sign up by 
October 28th in the dmi s-
s ions and Registrar"s Office 
or in one of th e Pro\ OBtS' 
offices. 

D Folk Dancin g C luh 
mccts evc r y Friday 9: 30 
to 12 p.m. for General 
Dancing and 8 to 9:30 
p.m. for fir s t tim e r s 
s ta rti ng 0 tobe r 9 in th e 
gy m. 
Tu e day 8 to 10:30 p. m . 
for intermediate and ad-
van ced dan in g- pla ce as 
et undetermined . 

On Friday, O ctober 2, th e 
c luh will go to " Int e r-

sec tion ," a famous folk 
dan cin g co Hee hous' in Los 

ngeles, for info ea ll Jim 
at ext. 2644. 

INFonMATION nnE E 
The A nomal ), Factor. is a 
con g lom e rat e of actor s, 
dan ce rs, direc tor s, co m -
posers, mu sicians, e n\ iron· 
m e ntal artist s, co mpute r 
t ec hni c ian. and prog ram -
m e rs, audio e n ginee rs, a nd 
li ghtin g d esig n ers e ngag d 
in cr ating n e w form s of 
th ea t er. M e mb c r s are 
in vo lved in va riou s ca pa c-
iti es with e n\'iro nm e ntal 
th e at e r , s tr ee t th eate r , 
open work hipb in dance, 
mim e, a nd improvisatio n , 
and t ec hni f'a l project s 
with co mput e r ('ontrolled 
li ghtin g a nd so und . 

Int e r e. t e d p e r ' on s 
s hould atte nd th e organ-
izationa l m eetin g pl a nn ed 
for W ednesday, ept mbe r 
3 0th a t 2 p . m . in th e 
Factory, Buildin g 257 c1 C, 
(south of th e quon se t hut ). 
for more information all 
Da ve unnin g ham , xl. 
1195. 

ourse c redit i a availa-
bl e for proj ects in ex pe ri -
m en tal th ea t e r throu g h 
various department '. 

Campus Unrest-Hitch 
There is no way of predicting with any degree 

of accuracy what will happen on campuses 
starting this fall. However, I think we can expect 
no lessening of involvement on the part of young 
people . The state and national elections likely 
will see an intense participation of college-age 
people in campaigns, and some probably will 
provide the margin of victory for their 
candidates and their issues. Others will have the 
opportunity to learn to lose gracefully. I think 
this kind of political involvement is a good thing, 
but I also think that we will have to be especially 
careful through November and beyond to protect 
the campuses from partisan influence. We must 
safeguard the freedom to teach and the freedom 
to learn from all political threats, whether Left 
or Right. " 

- full text of UC Pres. Charles J . Hitch 's reply to 
LADIES HOME JOURNAL for its panel of 
college presidents in the September issue. 

"'VV" e ha -v-e the 

[ 

(co ntinued from page 4) 

and waves during the past 25 years 
and has more recently broadened 
his research interests into all 
a spects of the study of the Earth as 
a planet. In 1969 he was named 
California Scientist of the Year by 
the state-operated California 
Museum of Science and Industry. 

Harrison was selected as one of 
nine artists to represent the United 
States at the Japan World Expo in 
Osaka this year. In addition to his 
teaching duties he has had 
numerous one-man shows both in 
this country and in Europe . Before 
coming to UCSD, Harrison rved 
as a teaching assistant at Yale's 
School of Art and Architecture and 
as an assistant professor of art in 
cha rge of visual fundamentals at 
the School of Fine Arts. University 
of New Mexico, 

Traditional 
Clolhes - Jewelry 
Arls & Cults 
Black Books 
Alro Records 

Classifieds 
Male PI s tudent n 'ed 
roo m mate to share spaciou s 
1 BRM a pt at oo th Ba~ 

Illb ove rl oo kin g Miss ion 
Bav. /98.50 includes all 
util , use of facilities, and 
m e mb rship pri\il cgcs. 
l522 La Pla)a \'C., Bldg. 5, 

pI. 305, 272-5 120. s k for 
Ken tanl e:-. 

FIGHT WATER POLLUTION 
A D MAKE MO EY. Call Zn-0861 
evenings. 

Typing ... Experienced 
typist .. . term papers. tbesi . 
Electric typewriter. Will do ru b 
jobs. 453-683:; 
Grads. or s niors, full or part time 
employment with securities firm . 
Contact Mr. Dillon or Mr. Fenton 
for appt. 232-7682 

bare a furnished house in Bay 
Park clo e to Mi 'sion Bay. Private 
room. fireplace . Call after six %76-
23% 

Find tbe Pboto ha -k in La Jolla 
and gel your films developed well 
but cheaply; near afewa , near 
Texaco. We have Kodak and 
Minolta cameras. 20 slides or super 

movies developed 'or $1.19 

ervice on sebedule. Distinctive 
typing by Helen & Julie . 
alisfaclion i our p:oduet. IBM 

EXE TlVE. 7466 Ghard. uite IS 
4:;9-

omplete wedding coverage. 20 
eo lor xlO's in album. $7:;. If 
interested eaJl2S4-W7 

chedule of rates for Cia ified 
advert! iug : 
Four lines for one dollar if d i 
paid In adun e. 
Minimum charge i two dollar II 
we lis e to bill . 
Ads ma be left and paid for 811be 
Triton Time offi e in Blak Hall 
during normal ebool bo.r . .... . 

Triton Time, September 29, 1970 Page 15 



bring 'em up 
SHORT 

QUOTE 
NEWSWEEK 
the world's most 

quoted 
_sweekly 

l?Ost~~a 
posters 

posters 
zoo lAC. L.ITTL.E PEOPL.E. TRAVEL.. 
HERBANO SPICE CHARTS. FAVOR I 

FAVORITE~. BL.ACK L.ITE. MESSAGE 
AND so ON • •• yOU'D THINK WE 
WERE RUNNING A HEAD SHOPI 

FROM S~.DD 

india 
BEDSPREADS 
EVERV PR INT VOU'VE SEEN 
BEFORE ••• PL.US A GOB AND 
A HAL.F MO~E. 
SINGLE $4.99 
DOU BLE $5.99 

FRUIT FLAVORED 
INCENSE 
FRUITV SCENTS 

TO BITE THE 

AIR ••• 

.69 CENTS 

AND 

PORCELAIN $1.9Q 
5 PC. PLACE SETTING 

INCL.UDES D INN ER PL.ATE. SAL.AD 
PL.ATE . DESSERT PL.ATE . CUP . 
AND SAUCER . 

I .. I~SS 
WOOL CHALLIS 

DRESSES 
$18.88 

THE FA IRER SEX 

INDIA 
MADRAS 
SHIRTS 

body 
boutique 
FRO M GRU BBV COVER -UPS 

L.ATE ••• A BUNDL.E OF 
ITEMS TO ADD A FORIEGN 

FL.AIR TO yOUR 
WARDROBE. 

MOTHER INDIA SENDS ALL HE 
INCENSE TO US ••• 

AND WE'RE GIVING IT AWA 

FREE 
ONE PKG. OF INI;)IA INCENSE 
UPON PRESENTATION OF YOUR 

STUDENT 1.0. CARD . 

teak 
chovv 
tables 
SQUARE AND STACKABL.E ••• 

FEATURING THE BASic 

SI MPL.ICITV OF THE 

FAR EAST. 

$5.99 

ESPADILLE SANDALS 
BOOTL.EGGED BEAUT IFUL.L.V 

FOR US VIA PARIS, N ICE . 
FRENCH RIVIERA. 

$2.99 

BLACK, ORANGE , RED , 
WHITE , HOT PINK, 
MAROON. AND 
TURQUOISE. 

INFLATABLE 
FURNITURE 
FEEL. L.IKE L.ETTING OFF STEAM1fT 
POL.L.UTE THE CHAIR AND 

NOT THE AIR ••• 

PURSES 
GREEK TAGARIA 

BAG 
TO CATCH AND CARRV ANYONE'S 
FANCV. FROM GREECE TO IND 
AND FROM COTTONS TO FANCY 
MIRROR - WORK . A NEVER-ENDING 
VAR IETY OF TOTES AND 
SHOUL.DER BAGS . 

SANDALS 
SCHOOL. 'S IN BUT S UMMER 'S ST IL.L. HER E 
KEE P COOL. I N OUR WATER BUFFAL.O SANDAL.S. 

MADE FROM THE HIDE OF THE 

SACRED BUFFAL.O FOR ~~~~~~~~~) 
SAKE OF THE S A CRED 

DOL.L.AR. 

EVERYTHING 
UNDER THE SUN 

SAN D I EGO-WASHINGTON ST . EX IT RTE. 5 

L.A JOL.L.A-CORNER OF IVANHO E 8< PROSPECT 

L.A MESA-84 10 CENTER OR . OFF JACKSON OR. 

HOURS-MON. THRU FR I. 10 A.M. TO 9 P . M . 
SAT. AND S UN. 10 A . M . TO 6 P . M. 

SORR Y. NO C .O.D. OR MA I L. ORDE:RS 
MERCHANDISE S UBJECT TO STOCK ON HAND 

297-44 1\1 

459-3671 

460-6760 

Page 16 Triton Times September 29, 1970 

• 


