
Fred Selrnrz explains b1s attitude toward the Communists to a stu-
dent at a UC Extension course that began last Thursday. Assemblyman 
John stull is the featured speaker this week in Sumner Aud. at 7 p.m. 

Communist '8omb'Talreover 
Described by Schwarz 

Molly Selvin 
Ass't News Editor 

Brandishing a stack of his "religiously read radical literature," and 
employing the use of an overhead projector, Dr. Fred Schwarz, head 
of the Chrlstian Anti-Communism Crusade, made his much-pubUcized 
appearance Friday night at Scripps' Sumner Auditorium. His talk on 
the communist threat in America, the first in a UC Extension series on 
conservatism in America, marked the climax of a controversy 
brewing since Dr. Marcuse denounced Schwarz's hiring for Ofte lec-
ture of the course last quarter. 

Previously a doctor who had first encountered the communists L"l a 
debate while still in Austrailia, Dr. Schwarz displayed such an 
engaging manner of speaking that one could almost assume he as 
making light of his subject matter . Almost, but not quite. Dr. Schwarz 
was dead serious about the threat of .a world communist takeover 
although he had the audience in laughter several times throughout the 
talk . 

No Protest Arises 

In attendance at the speech were members of the commWlity, 
retired navy and army people, UCSD faculty members and about 75 
UCSD students. At the beginning of the talk some of the students were 
premitted to enter the auditorium, with no major protests resulting 
from those inside. Sharing the platform with Dr. Schwarz was Dr. 
Minos Generales, a political scientist at San Diego State, and Rear 
Admiral Leslie Gehres, (USN) moderator for the evening. 

Concentrating on a discussion of communist designs for takeover of 
the world and of the United States as expressed by Lin Piao, the 
second in command in China, Dr. Schwarz claimed to have 
documented evidence concerning methods and goals in addition to his 
own interpretations. 

Rural Areas First 

The general plan is for the takeover of the rural areas of the world 
and then a conquest of the cities through encirclement from the rural 
areas . The wortd's rural areas, according to Dr. Schwarz, are Asia, 
Africa and Latin America and consequently the world revolutionary 
cause hinges on the conquest of these areas. When conquered they will 
in turn be used to conquer, through encirclement, the world's cities, 
Western Europe and North America. 

" Progressive surrender, " the method of destruction of a system 
employed by the communists, was explicitly outlined by Dr. Schwarz. 
He used the " bomb diagram - " consisting of a large circle with the 
letter " D" in the center. The center of the destructive movement and 
of the " bomb" rests with the " Destroyers," a group consisting of 
30,000 communists, anarchists and Marcuseans. These groups are 
ideologically committed to the destruction of the system through 
revolution, according to Schwarz. 

Surrounding the Destrovers are the three groups which make up the 
body of the " BOMB." These are people who can be " transferred to 
revolutionary agents under the right conditions. " The "partisans" are 
those who "want something very much." They can be "black power" 
people, Mexican-Americans, labor groups or women 's liberation 
groups . Their wants, said Schwarz, can be legitimate yet they will 
consent even to revolution to achieve their goals. The "alienated" are 
those who instinctively rebel. They are dropouts, rebels against 
authority, school, bureaucracy; they have a "gut feeling against the 
Establishment." The " reformers" are often " bright young people" 
who are conscious of the inequalities in our society such as poverty or 
racism. They are conscious of the evil in our society yet they are not 
conscious of the evil in themselves. They are impatient and they can 
be stimulated into revolution through their impatience. These groups 

I who make up the body of the " bomb," according to Schwarz's latest 
estimates, number some 2,000,000. 

In a criticism of Marcuse , Schwarz said that although he does not 
claim to understand all that Marcuse has written , he does not believe 
that Marcuse himself understands all that he has written. Schwarz 
attacked Marcuae's favoring of the "dla1ntegration of tht' 
monogamous and patriarchial society" through his reliance on the 
liberation of the body to fully enjoy its .sexual and sensual appetites. 

Arrests Ma.r Beach Meal 
ROle r Showley the Del Mar railway station at 4 o'clock, and twelve 

deputies walked into the group and began asking who 
News Editor the organizers of the gathering were, intending to 

charge them with serving wine to minors. (Marijuana 
A Del Mar " potluck" dinner, sponsored by the was not present according to one witness) 

People's Co-op, was interrupted Sunday when s her- They began to return to their cars when one deputy 
iff's deputie s made three arrests as 100 students began harrasslng Martin, who was asking the pur-
and others looked on. pose of the interrogation of another person present. 

Arrested were Revelle Senior Larry Frost, 26, The deputy pointed his pen into Martin's beard and 
Muir Junior Charles Marston (not enrolled this quar- repeatedly asked, II Am I talking to you?" Martin 
ter), 20, and John Martin, 27, an ex ~tudent. at last demanded, "Get that fucking pen out of my 

All three were released from the SanDiegoCoun- face." The deputy replied, "Thank you, that's all I 
ty jail Sunday evening, with a hearing set for next wanted," and put him in an arm lock before excort-
Monday. ing him to a police car. 

The incident occurred as bathers and surfel s were Marston said he and others in 25 cars followed 
enjoying a stew prepared by the Co-op, which last the police to Encinitas to " make sur e they (the three 
quarter served a similar free meal in Revelle Pla- arrested)didn't get beaten up." When they arrived, 
za. According to one of the spokesmen for the Co- a sheriff's deputy ordered them to disperse . Mar-
op, the stew had been set upat the foot of 15th Street ston said that he was taken inside after failing to 
in Del Mar at 9 a.m. The county sheriff's deputies leave, apparently "because I have long hair and a 
arrived at 4 p.m. and hauled off the three arresed beard and happened to be close to the door." 
45 minutes later . Shortly afterward, Marston, Frost, and Martin 

Martin was charged with obstructing a police in- were taken to San Diego County Jail. 
terrogation, Frost with refusing to reveal his iden- At last report, no on- campus activity is being 
tification and contributing to the delinquency of mi- planned. Affidavits, however, are being requested 
nors, and Marston for refusing to disperse upon re- from those present. (For further information, call 
ques from in front of the Encinitas Police Substa- 755-8012 or 755-4454.) A Del Mar Council meeting 
tion. was held last night, when members of the Co- op 

As pieced together from eye-witness accounts, the planned to ask for an investigation of the incident. 
incident seems to have occurred as follows: AS President Jeff Benjamin, who was present at 

At about 3:30 p.m. a Del Mar lifeguard (identified the event, predicted that a similar "people's pot" 
by police as " a citizen") informed the police that would be held next weekend, with the hope of getting 
a " pot party" was in progress on the beach, and "the community behind us." 
marijuana was thought to be clrculatlngamong those According to Martin, the Co-op could use the pri-
present. Wine was also " in great abundance" and vate beach again. The owner had come on the scene 
was being served to minors. Sunday to protest the appearance of the police and 

Six squad cars and one paddywagonarrivedfrom granted permission for his beach' s use. 
. . -----------------------

A "disaster" victim at Thursday's radioactive ex-
plosion awaits an ambulance ride to Scripps Hospi-
tal, where his "wounds" are to be taken care of. 

The demonstration was presented to inform campus 
officials of the procedures involved in the event of 
radioactive leakage during laboratory work. 

'Disaster' Demonstrates Readiness 
Jlson Clthcart 

Staff Writer 

Ecologists have not found a successful way to 
eliminate radioactive partiC1~s from the air, nor 
have they been able to discourage industries from 
contributing to the rising rivers of radioactive 
"waste." But c ampus radiologist Phillip Rum-
merfield and Dr. Robert Watson of the Student 
Health Center have devised a smooth and efficient 
procedure to combat laboratory accidents involving 
radiation exposure. 

A test drill was rWl Thursday to acquaint the 
campus fire department, police department, and 
Student Health Center with their duties in case of a 
"radiation disaster." So far at UCSD, according to 
Watson, there have been only limited amoWlts of 
radiation in the campus's 140 laboratories, and 
consequently no disasters of epidemic proportions. 
But limited amounts of radiation have been known 
to cause frightening degrees of tissue damage , he 
said. 

"Explo ion" Oc urs 

With the aid of five volunteer students dressed in 
moulage, the drill began with an imagirted i otope 
explosion in Matthews Campus' Surge Lab. 
. Firemen and policemen were called immediately to 
the scene. As in a real situation. the Civil Defen e 
department was notified , and representatives 
"rushed to the campus. A health physicists' team 
from Gulf General Atomic near UCSD also helped 
out. 

Using rubber gloves, the firemen removed the 
students to an outer corridor where bandages and' 
identification tags were utilized according to the 
specific type of mock exposure. 

" Radiation" Monitored 

In this initial phase Civil Defense units constantly 
waved an ionization chamber (a portable geiger 
counter) over all areas near the explosion. The 
students' garments were concealed and kept for 
later examination for traces of radiation. 

The students were taken by ambulance from the 
Surge Lab to Scripps Hospital where a previou ly-
alerted team waited , dre sed in dispo able 
uniforms to guard against further radioactive 
contamination . Depending ,m the type of 
radioactive pOisoning and degre~ of burn, different 
types of a' lutions were perform !d to remove any 
imrnediat " threat" to the hospi 'al staff. 

During the ablutions, ded ions were " made" as 
to. which cases r quired ur ry. The cl the f th 
victims wer placed in tnt! hOSPital lsolatlon room 
for " later study ." They would normally have be n 
dispos d of through the w r sy tern . 

Th volunt rs received their clothe back, 
however, whil Rwnmerfield answer d question 
from m mbers of the pres and repre ntatives of 
San Diego's 54 institution that harbor radioactiv 
material. Watson concluded that drills on th order 
of Thur day's demonstration can contribute gr aUy 
to th limination of panic that often occurs in cas 
o{ radioactiv poi oning. 



I"il(:}f} 
• iIlH;~""" :lltlTttltlALI 

. ' 
... .-

College 'oo,ball Reagan S"Ie 
Governor Reagan may· .not have ever 

won an Academy Award for his footwork 
under the movie spotlight, but he cer-
tainly deserves one now for his fan~y 
footwork under the political spotlight. HIs 
recent anti -violence resol utions shoul d 
win him another role as California's 
governor, a role he pla.ys well i Too we I. I. 

strlgent rules governing campus 
disorders. 

Through his efforts, m6J')y ta..xpayers In 
California now have a common enemY 
called the University of California. He 
has been using the university as a stage 
ever since his first Regent's meeting in 
January 1967 when he first proposed 
tuition. 

The university can live with his 
resolutions because as finally adopted 
they leave the chancellors some leeway. 
But they are nonetheless a slap in the· 
face to the chancellors who possess all 
the authority they need to prevent 
violence. But Reagan the pol itician 
knows that more repression brings more 
votes. 

If the chancellors cannot maintain 
order on the campuses with which they 
are familiar, how could these general 
resolutions written by men unfamiliar 
with each campus prevent disorder? He has antagonized the university and 

has played political football with the 
Board of Regents to increase his popular 
support . Now, in election year 1970, he is 
running against the university. . 

His recent anti-violence resolutions 
bear this out . Reagan had vowed to bring 
peace to the university during hi3 last 
election campaign. To make good that 
commitment in election year 1970 he 
announced to the voters after Santa 
Barbara that he was proposing -nore 

They can't. Th'e resolutions are simply 
a move to gain votes. We can live with the 
resol utions, but we can't live with 
Reagan . To stifle violence he comes 
dangerously close to -preventing 
demonstrations or the freedom of 
assembly. 

When you can't take to ' the streets 
without getting shot at, it is time to take 
the streets. Or get Reagan the politician 
out and replace him with a statesman. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Plea to Women: 
Tolerate Men 

Editor : 
I would like to take issue with 

the women 's liberation 
movement (Molly Selvin 's ar-
ticle , March 6) and say that it is 
the male animal who is oppressed 
by the female . In the case of the 
human animal the oppression has 
become so severe that man 's 
mind has been squashed into 
perversion. 

For the arguments to support 
my assertions I enter the bird 
world. During its mating season 
the Dutch ruff (male ) can be 
observed in groups feuding 
chaotically on their hilling 
grounds. Enters a reeve (female ) 
and the ruffs stop their fighting 
and assume a display posture, 
distending themselves by holding 
their breath. As the ruffs stand 
motionless and approach 
asphyxiation, the reeve casually 
inspects the art show, finally 

pecking at the ruff of her choice. 
The other ruffs then collapse in 
exhaustion. 

In New Guinea the male 
bowerbird builds a house out of 
sticks and leaves, decorates it 
elaborately with flowers, stones, 
and shells, and then waits 
patiently for 1i prospective mate. 
When a female appears, the male 
jumps down onto his stage and 
'does a little -Si)ng and dance to 
impress her. If· she is sufficiently 
impressed, she'll enter his house, 
if not she'll pass him by. 

The male animal does things. 
Why? To impress the female . The 
human animal has evolved a big 
brain and hence has the ability to 
do many fantastic things. Man 
has been doing things, and there 
is good reason to believe that he 
has done them to impress 
woman. 

Evolution and society, 
however, have made man into a 
pathological pervert. Although 
man created and developed the 
human culture of economy, 
politics, philosophy, art and 
science as the arena to comoete 

Weekend Seminar on: 

Tne Jew in American 
Intellectual Life 

for woman, in his enthusiasm he 
has forgotten his motivation. 
Man now appears to do things not 
to impress woman but his own 
ego; hence the male~ominated 
society appears. 

I assert, however, that in man 
stilliles loneliness and the desire 
to impress woman into wanting 
him. For woman to "liberate" 
herself as a free agent and 
competitor in this society of man 
would be disastrous for him, for 
what man was formerly com-
peting for would now be com-
peting against him. 

For an alternative I turn to 
seagulls . In their breeding 
colonies a male and a female 
mate. Only after mating do they 
both mutually assert their pair 
territory. Woman should be 
willing to accept a partnership 
with man in a common endeavor; 
man should be more than willing. 

Rather than assuming the role 
of the oppressed and advocating 
revolution, I plead with woman to 
have toleration, if not com-
passion, for man and his per-
version. It might take a few 
hundred slaps in his face, but I 
am confident that woman has the 
sophistication to coerce man into 
corning down back into himself. 

I speak as only one of the male 
sex. 

'AMERICAN ROULETTE-----

Latest Draft Picture , 
216, Over May Be Safe 

--------=.---- by Lance Beizer 
If your lottery nlD1lber is over 215 and you are presently I-A, you 

may be safe from the draft this year. If you have previously requested 
a student deferment and the school has certified to yo~ Local Board 
that you are making satisfactory progress toward your degree, you 
cannot voluntarily become I-A 80 as to place yourself in the 1970 lot-
tery. In any event,lf your nlD1lber is safe this year it will undoubtedly 
be safer next year. In a very muddy situation, these are among the 
most definite statements that can be made about the draft today. 

The lottery applies to all men born between January 1, 1944 and 
December 31, 1950. Your number is permanent. If your birthday falls 
outside that frame you cannot be taken until all 366 lottery numbers 
have been exhausted. Your nlD1lber will be assigned next July and will 
be effective January 1, 1971. 

Many estimates have been made about the extent of the numbers 
which will be taken in 1970. So far, an artificially imposed limit of 30 a 
month for the first three months of the year and 25 for the next brings 
the number to 115 by the end of April. In anticipation of an influx of 
June graduates adding large numbers to the pool before the end of the 
year instructions have been sent out by the National Selective Service 
Headquarters to have all potential J~e graduates with numbe~s 
under 216 examined physically up to S1X months early. The hope IS 
obviously that there will be enough graduates with numbers under 216 
physically qualified and available to supplement the present stock of 
l-A's with the same lottery numbers so that boards will not have to 
resort to men whose numbers are above 215. 

It may be that even if the estimated 210,000 draftees this .year ~ot 
be procured using only the first 215 numbers, no one With 2 higher 
number will be called. The reason for this situation is that the public 
uproar over the lottery' and the possible need -for men with all 366 
numbers has apparently convinced the administration of the 
desirability of trying to hold down the numbers. In other words, for the 
first time instead of the demand determining the supply, it may be 
that the Selective Service System will furnish men with the numbers 
the administration wishes to furnish and that if the needs of the Armed 
Services are not met, they will simply ~ve to get br with fewer men. 
Complicating this picture, however, IS the question of h~w . many 
potentially draftable graduates will avail themselves of their right to 
appeal, how long those appeals will take, how many will not ~aduate 
and thus will become eligible for 1-S(C) deferments the followmg year, 
and how many will graduate but will enter graduate schools .and ob-
tain postponements of induction until the end of that acadenuc year. 

Because of the need to process every potential draftee as quickly as 
possible, board offices are trying at this time to do as. littl~ extraneous 
paper work as possible; so requests by those of you With high numbers 
to have your student deferments cancelled will not be honored unless 
you have ceased to be making satisfactory progress toward your 
degree. . . 

However, if you do have a high number, there IS ~o reason for you to 
want to enter the pool this year. Unless Laos, ~e Middle East, or ;some 
other trouble spot erupts into a war to which U.S. troops will be 
committed in large numbers (which seems hardly likely in light of 
public dissatisfaction and disillusionment over the present war), next 
year's draft will be no larger. Furthermore, both Secretary Laird and 
Senator Kennedy have expressed a desire to end student and oc-
cupational deferments. Occupational deferments can and probably 
will be ended by Presidential fiat within months. Student deferments 
will probably be gradually phased out in the new draft law which must 
be enacted by July 1,1971. These changes will mean a larger pool from 
which the draftees will be chosen and consequently fewer numbers 
being used. . 

If you need counseling in Selective Service matters. r~ging f~om 
student deferments to medical deferments and conscientious ObJec-
tion, make an appointment to see me at 250 M~ or call E~. 1~5 .. If you 
have specific questions about the draft, either the lIlStitution or 
regulations, write them to me in care of the TRITON TIMES and I'll 
answer as many of them as possible in this column. 

Overnight weekend seminar including lecture and 
free discussion of the problems of Jewish Identity 
reflected in involvement in American literature, 
social science, and new left thought. 

Charlie Chong 
r===;:;= . . ~-==~=~="""""="""'........---~ l 

On ranch near El Cajon. 
Food and evening entertainment provided. 
Friday evening, Saturday & Sunday 

Aprilll, 12, & 13. 

Reservations necessary .... please call 453-5844. 
-- Jewish Students Association 

FOR YOUR BEAUTY SUPPLIES 
$t4Iutatut 
B~AUTY STORES 

SOEc 1a1 Discounts with 
Student Card 

C1 airoil-Laoinal 
Roux-8reck 

Enalish Leather 
Oion-He 11 ; te 

Old Sp;ce-Redkin 

DIA:->E SHOP?l. ·C CE~TER 
47(12 C'_ Arnr:~.lO;;T MI:.SA ~r \ '0. 
:'1- 3242 

OLD WAVES 
",Am SPRAYS 

Yt'G SUPPLIES 
GIIITS j Yr'GS 

t::->IVERSITY SQt:ARE 
SHOPPli\G t:E:->TER 
:lo:!i: GOYER :\OR LlR. 

. ~~_f'~ l" 

U(SD PRESENTS ••• 
The Barbwire Theatre Group performs 

The Cage 
An explosive prison drama written, produced 
and acted by ex- convicts. 

Thursday evening. April 9th 
in Sherwood HII at 8:30 p.m. 

ASUCSD $l.OO ..... Faculty/Staff $2.00 ..... Gen . adm . $3.00 

- Sign-up for free bus rides when you buy The Cage 
at the Central Box Office in the Urey Hal! LObOy. 

Rlymond lewenthll ,pianist, on April 10th 
The Amldeui QUlrtet ,performs on April 18th 

Igor Kipnis ,harps1chordist, on May 9th 
All performances in Sherwood Hal! at 8;3!J p.m. 

TIC KETS A V AILAB LE 
NOW AT UCSD CENTRAL BOX OFFICE, UREY HALL 
LOUSY. PHONE RESERVATIONS ACCEPTED AT: 

4Uft1. 

,I 

Are YOII.Jraveiling to 

EUROPE 
.. 

Bookings ore now being occepted for 
any a( Ihe 3000 Intra-European student 
chort.r flights through the Edu.ati .... aI 
SIud.nl beh ..... 'rogrom. 101 Woad. 
. id. Rd_ • • ed.ood City. or .21710_. 
ly Blvd .• Lo. .",01 ••. For the boolc 
li sting a ll (I'ght. and application (arm. 
for (lig hI. and the Int.rnollonol Student 
Identity Cord. plea •• farward SI.00 plu. 
75< far pOll'ag. and hand ling. 

Fidelity Union-
Life Insurance Co. 

Colltg.Mllt.r 
HolidlY Inn 

SUITE 100 
LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 
453-1853 or 
279-6878, 272-05 8 

00 .. CI •• I .. - M", •• EVlIII 

fi 1m -ed itori al 

Money or Merit 

Tonight the film industry pats · 
itself on the back with its annual 
Academy Awards. The 
relationship between absolute 
quality and the receiving of an 
Academy Award is tenuous at 
best. The competition for these 
awards has become an enormous 
financial battie between the 
giants of the film industry. 

It is a credit to the Academy 
members, however, that even' 
with this enormous pressure 
some semblence of quality has 
remained. While the pictures or 
persons that win the awards each 
year are not always the "creme 

film-comment 

A Smash 

de la creme," it is extremely rare 
that a real clinker creeps iri. It is 
unfortunate, however, that this 
financial pressure plays any role 
whatsoever. 

rt will be most interesting to 
see if "Z," by al rights the most 
remarkable picture, will win. 
"Z" is a film produced in Algeria, 
which is considerably outside the 
big money market. It has only 
been of late that foreign products, 
be they actors or films, have had 
much of a chance. If the 
Academy can shake this 
provincialism, perhaps there is a 
chance to establish awards upon 
merit alone. 

at 'M.A.S.H. J 
Bernard Flynn 

Over the vacation I saw a movie, "M.A.S.H.," at the Valley Circle 
Theater which bothered me. "M.A.S.H." is a comedy about life 
among the officer-surgeons and nurses of a Mobile Army Surgical 
Hospital (M.A.S.H.) just behind the front lines in the Korean War. 
What bothered me was that I found myslef laughing at things that I 
really didn't think were very funny . I felt like a minister at a hanging: 
the entertainment made me uncomfortable. -

"M.A.S.H." laughs a lot at the stupidity in the Army. Now, we all 
know that the military-industrial complex needs a put down, 
especially the military side, and es~cially in the San Diego are~, but I 
began to wonder if this film was trymg to "package" an entertamment 
product more than it was trying to say something about the Army. 

"M.A.S.H." pokes fun at the Army by showing a bunch of captains 
telling a colonel where to get off. Now, the first two or three t~es it:s 
funny hearing the captain surgeons tell the colonel off abou~ his stupid 
orders and ideas, but after awhile you see that the colonel Isn't really 
going to do anything to the sassy c~ptains because.he n~ surgeons 
too badly, and, besides, the colonel IS too busy sleepm~ With th: nurses 
to care much anyway. So it appears that the captains aren t really 
laying much on the line. They are sort of th~bing ~eir noses at a 
straw man. It is just too easy for them to be antI~sta~lishment. heroes. 

The nurses in the film are also easy targets. The chief nurse IS a sort 
of automatic villainess, a martinet Mrs. Robinson; she is over twenty-
five and has sex hang-ups. She is an easy target for hwnor because we 
all know that Mrs . Robinson's don't deserve any sex, and they 
shouldn't be allowed any hang-ups about it. . . 

This Mrs. Robinson nurse gets caught in bed WIth the most up-tight 
officer in the whole camp. And guess what kind of villain thi~ up-tight 
officer is? Why he's got a crew cut, he's pushing forty, he 's a major, a 
bad doctor and a Bible-toter besides. 

There they are, the most up-tight pe~ple ~n the wh~le c~p ~aught in 
bed. The funniest part of the whole thing IS tha~ this m~Jor ~ so bad 
that he is genuinely sick and has to be taken out m a straight Jacket as 
we laugh at the whole thing like they used to ~t Bedlam. 

But the cure is available for the Mrs. Robmson nurse. They get the 
whole staff together and pull away the screen from her shower. It's a 
riot. Here we have this good looking, sexually repressed blonde 
flopping around the l1hower floor trying to hide her anatomy, all the 
while looking like a beached seal that had just been maced. . 

The movie does a good job of showing the ~am~ as a self-eo~tamed 
group that seeks an accomodation to its daily diet ~f brutality, the 
mangled procession of humanity that keeps flowmg through the 
M.A.S.H. But I thought that there were too many easy targets.; The 
Age of Aquarius shooting down the whole y.S. ~my, Mrs. Robmson, 
and her sick boy friend _ It was all too beautifully sunple. 

FRIDAY . APRIL 10 8:00PM 
PI!TI!RSI!N GYM S.D.STATE 

TICKETS 13.75 GfNaAL Nille 

n.. ......... , ""~ ...... Sol ... !..f !hop. _,'. _h .... Syn ..... 1c lrl ... I)f.~ ~ L ..... 
0.1. Trlleer ....... ~t ...... K~I """ ZI9-1315 

\ f .... . ~ .. • ... t . J . \: •. 

POSSIBILI1/~S 
ex-nuns art 

An exhibit of Sister Corita's art 
is now open at Urey Hall and 
University Lutheran Church. The 
approximately 45 colorful seri-
graphs are presented under the 
co-sponsorship of the Roman 
Catholic and Lutheran campus 
ministries at UCSD. Both the 
chapel and the display cases at 
Urey Hall are available to 
students and the general public 
every dllY through April 24. 
University Lutheran Church is 
located at 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Drive near the junction of North 
Torrey Pines Road on the 
western edge of Revelle College. 

Corita Kent, formerly a 
member of the Immaculate 
Heart order in Los Angeles, 
recently announced her decision 
to leave the religious community. 
She now continues to create and 
teach art in a style that has made 
her world-famous. The "Corita" 
approach to life is to celebrate 
the chaotic and commercial 
world all around us, to perceive 
beauty in everything and to 
express some connection with 
God in that which is common. 
Typical of this aesthetic and 
theological perspective is her use 
of the advertising themes, "EN-
RICHED aREAD" and "WET 
AND WILD," as a clue to the 
...... 'DI of tile Eucbariat. 

Lewenthal 
Pianist Rawnond Lewenthal, 

described by many as a present 
day Uszt or Busoni, is scheduled 
to play at 8:30 p.m. Friday, April 
10, in Sherwood Hall, La Jolla. 
The performance is part of the 
Keyboard Series presented by the 
Committee for Arts and Lectures 
of the University of California, 
San Diego. 

Lewenthal's playing has been 
called "Pianism in The Grand 
Manner," a term that was in-
vented to describe the style of the 
Liszts, Anton Rubinsteins, 
Busonis and Paderewskis of 
bygone days. His vast repertOire, 
besides encompassing the 
standard works played con-
stantly by present day virtuosi, 
includes his own discoveries from 
earlier times. 

His concert Friday will include 
works by Chopin, Alkan, Saint-
Saens, Donizetti and Meyerbeer . 

Unreserved seating at Sher-
wood Hall is $3. for general ad-
mission, $2.25 for UCSD faculty 
and · staff, and $1.50 for UCSD 
students. Tickets may be 
reserved by calling the UCSD box 
office at 4~151. 

universe ended 
A suspense drama of Insane 

nuclear scientists opens today at 
the Old Globe Theatre. "The 
Physicists" is the final 
production of the current main 
stage season and will be per-
formed nightly except Monday 
through May 3. 

Three world renowned nuclear 

An exibition of art by Sister Corita will be presented at Urey Hall 
and The University Lutheran Church. 

scientists are patients at an 
exclusive mental hospital. One 
claims he is Sir Isaac Newton, a 
second admits to being Albert 
Einstein and a th'rd announces 
he is the real King Solomon. 
Their cases are handled by a 
mysterious female psychiatrist. 

One of tOe three men has 
unlocked a scientific mystery 
which could destroy the universe . 
The lady psychiatrist protects 
her patients from police investi-
gation after a series of nurses are 
found slain. Her mysterious 
intentions are revealed toward 
her patients. 

Students through college may 
purchase tickets to " The 
Physicists" for all performances 
except Saturdays at $1.50 each. 
'l11is is a 40% reduction off the 
regular ticket price . Tickets 
available at Urey Hall box office. 

Milos Sadio 
Milos Sadlo, the world 

renowned solo cellist who is now 
principal cello player with the 
San Diego Symphony Orchestra, 
will be featured in a pair of 
concerts with the orchestra on 
April 9 and 10. 

A student and disciple of the 
incomparable Pablo Casals, 
Sadlo came from his native 
Prague to San Diego last fall 
where he is a visiting professor at 
the United States International 
University School of Performing 
Arts. 

Both concerts will begin at 8:30 
p.m. in the Civic Theatre. Tickets 
may be purchased at the Con-
course box office and at the Urey 
Hall box office. 

"ONE OF THE 
YEAR'S 10 BEST!" 
-...., 32 01 ,II. NcrtlOfl', L"ding R."I_en 

"VISCONTI'S MASTERPIECE 
... a monumental movie ... 
everything about it is 
su perlative ... Helmut 
Berger, brilliant!" 

- Kev,n Thomas. los A ngeles Times 

HA GENUINELY GREAT FILM!" 
- Win/red Blevins, los Angeles 

Herold-E,ominer 

II<-
wa~ 

soon'., 
ix'(,OIlIC 

OK' 
!iiCconc:i 
Illost 

JlowClful 
111811 UI 

~i 
(;enII8l~ 

., ' ... '. tlCIlIltCOlO,,· 
, .~ . , r.·· ~ " .. OM WA .. NE .. '''05. 

NOW 
SHOW/NGL 



~------------------------------------------------------------------~ 

salk Sem inar : Fil m "Jour ney Into 
Se lf ." Noon . Sa l k east conference 
room . 

Literature Colloquium : Prof . Egon 
Schwarz , " Her mann Hesse, the 
Amer ican Youth Movement and Pr ob· 
lems of Li terar y Evaluat ion " USB 
3020. 

Wednesday Night It the Mov ies: pre-
sen ted by the ASSOC iated Students, 
" Beaver V alley " 9 p .m . ASUCSD 
Coffee Hut . Free . 

Dr . A. J . Brodbeck has been part of 
the new humanist ic psychology move· 
ment. He w ill speak at Revelle College 
Lounge at 12 15 on Wednesday , Apr il 
8. All faculty and students together 
w i th their guests are welcome . 

Sum mernoon Series w ill offer a 
Nat ional Geographic f i lm , ' Grand 
Canyon Expedit ion ,' in Sumnel Aud i-
tor ium , SIO, at 12 noon . 

" The Cage" : presented by the Asso-
c iated Students . 8:30 p .m . Sherwood 
Hall (free bus from campus ava il -
able ) Adm ission S1. for students . 
Professors I naugural L ecture : LouiS 
GlUCk, " L ip ids, Lungs and Life " 4: 15 

' p.m . HL -Aud . Free and open to the 
public . 

Philosophy Colloquium : Dr . Yirm iahu 
Yove l , " Israe l and the Left " 8 p .m . 
HL·Aud . Free and open to the public . 

friday 

Marine Biology Seminar : Noon , Sum · 
ner Aud ., F ree and open to public . 

Co ncert : Raymond Lewentha l. 
pian ist . Presented by Arts and Lec · 
tures . 8:30 p .m . Sherwood Ha ll . 

Coffee Hut Enterta i nment : Th is 
weekend featuring Mater ial Stuff 
Blues Band . 9 p .m . 

.II11"Ullt:t",.IItl 
Federal Career Day : April 7, career 
opportunities with the Federal 
Government expla ined_ 
College Life Insurance : Apr il 7, 
descr ibing opportun ities In insurance, 
fiel d sales . 

Los Angele s coun t y Prc.bltlon 
Department : April 8, seek ing Pro -
bation Officer Trainees . 

Cont inenta l Device: Apr il 9, seeking 
electr ical eng ineers , physic ists, and 
chem ists at the Bachelor's and 
Master 's Degree level. 

Mutua l of New York : April 9, Sales 
Management Tra inee program and 
Field Underwr i ter Tra inee programs. 

Th e May co m pan y, Depa r tm ent 
Store : Apr il 10, management tra ining 
programs for buying , merchand ising , 
and controll ing . 

Up john c ompany : Apr il 10, careers in 
pharmaceut ical sales . 

oH campus 
Interested in a new and innovative 
program? UCLA announces a 
Master 's Degree in the spec ial fe ild of 
Ar ts Adm inist r at ion . For more Infor -
mation wr ite Arts Adm in istration 
Program , Room 4250M Graduate 
School of Bus iness Adm inistration , 
UCLA, Los Angeles, Cal i f ., 90024, or 
call 213 825-2014. 

The Arm ed Services YMCA needs 

m •• tin" 
Archery Club : Call Donna Maskell 
453-9907 

Bagpipe Band : Every Tuesday 8 p .m. 
2A 2101 

International Club : ca ll Mrs . Fager 
sten Ext . 1936. 

S.D.S. : Ever y Tuesday, 7:30 p .m . use 
.40 SO A 

Sur fing Club : call Beth Ext . 2282 

Women ' s L iberation Front : Every 
Sunday 2 p.m.-Upper Blake Ha ll 
Lounge . For more information call 
Ilene 753-4281 , Penny in the A S off ice 
or Margaret 755·4470. 

Yoga Club : Every Monday, Wednes-
day and Friday 10 a .m . in Wrestllng l 
Room . 

Young Soc ialist All iance : Wednesday, 
April 15, 7 p.m . HL-462. 

UCSD tnternat ional Folk Danc ing 
Club w i ll hold advanced classes from 8 
to 10 :30 p .m . on Tuesday and begin -
ning an d intermediate classes from 8 
to 12 p .m . on ~rida y in the " Pump 
House Annex" MC. For more in -
formation call Jim at ext . 2644. 

clal,Hied, 
UN IV ERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, 
BERKELEY CAMPUS : un ique lec-
ture notes. Hundreds of courses. 
Tak en d i rectly i n class by 
professionals from world -famous tea-
cher s. 51-54 . Send for latest free cata -
log . FYBATE LECTURE NOTES, 
Dept. 52, 2440 Ba ncroft Way , Berke-
ley, Ca lif., 94704. 

talent ! Can you help? If you can sing , _--------------1 
dance, play an Instrument , or have . 
any k ind of entertain ing act , the " Y " 
needs you . Contact M iss Allen or Mr . 
Hovey at the Armed Ser v ices "Y" 
Program Department, 232-1133. 

recr.ation 
Baseba ll : Here, UCSD vs . USIU , 

LAST CHANCE TO REGISTER 
FOR THE JUNE PRIMARY , 
ELECTION IS THIS THURSDAY 

SEE MAXINE IN MUIR 
PROVOST'S OFFICE. 

Tuesday . Apr il 7. 2:30 p .m . 1-____________ ---' 

Does it hurt 
to chill beer twice? 

Not that you'd want to. Some-
times it just happens . .. like 
after a picnic, or when you 
bring home a couple of cold 
6-paks and forget to put 'em 
in the refrigerator. Does re-
chilling goof up the taste or 
flatten the flavor? 

Relax. You don't have 
to worry . 

A really Yes? good beer like 
Budweiser is ju t 
a good when you chill it 
twice. We're mighty glad about 
that. We'd hate to think of all 
ou . effort going down the drain 

just because the temperature 
has its ups and downs. 

You can understand why 
when you consider all the extra 
trouble and extra expense that 
go into brewing Bud®. For in-
stance, Budweiser is the only 
beer in America that's Beech-

wood Aged. 
o ... it's absolutely okay 

to chill beer twice . 
Enough said. (Of No? course, we have 

a lot more to say 
about Budweiser. But we'll 

keep it on ice for now.) 

B __ ud_w_e_is_e_~ _i _th_e_K_i_ug of Beers. 
(But you know thut.) 

ANHEUSER-8USCH. INC • ST. LOUIS . NEWARK . LOS ANGELES . TAMPA . HOUSTON . COLUMBUS . JACKSONVILlI 

The 'Cage' an explosive prison drama written, pr6duced, and per-
formed by a coml»JlY of exconvicts, will be presented at 8:30 Thurs-
day at Sherwood Hall. 

drama 

Cons Present 'Cage' 
" The Cage," an expolsive prison drama written , produced and 

performed by a company of ex-<:onvicts, will be presented at 8:30 p.m . 
Thursday, April 9, in Sherwood Hall, La. Jolla . 

The play is acted by a group of ex-<:onvicts who call themselves the 
Barbwire Theatre. The group was formed over 10 years ago by the 
play 's author, Rich Cluchey, while he was an inmate at San Quentin. It 
has continued under his leadership now outside prison walls as a self-
help group of ex-inmates who are trying to provide both a step back 
into society for those coming out of prison and as a means of bringing 
prison problems forcibly to public attention. 

The drama is not for the faint-hearted. Its strength and its story is 
the strength and story of its creators. Its brilliant flashes of hwnor 
reflect their own strong sense of self survival. 

An integral part of the play is a discussion or "confrontation" with 
the audience which follows the performance. This is an opportunity for 
the audience to come into intimate contact with a world it might 
normally try to shun. 

" The Cage," in its original version, was written and premiered in 
San Quentin Prison in 1965. A professional production was later given 
by the San Francisco Actor's Workshop and a one hour special was 
produced by the prison film workshop and was shown on Educational 
Television in San Francisco. 

Rick Cluchey was born in Chicago in 1933. He attended 10 different 
schools, two orphanages and a reform school before graduating from 
the 8th grade. He was in various city and county jails before he 
enlisted in the Army and served two years with the 11th Airborne 
Division. He married at 19, became the father of two children and was 
divorced at age 21. A year later he was convicted of robbery-
kidnapping where the victim suffered bodily harm and was sentenced 
to life in San Quentin without possibility of parole. 

He served 11 years and 9 months and received ,the Governor 's 
clemency for parole in 1966, and was released to life parole at age 33. 

While in San Quentin, Cluchey completed high school, trade school 
and formed the San Quentin Drama Workshop and appeared as actor-
producer-director of more than 35 plays at the prison. " The Cage" was 
the first play written by an inmate and produced behind the walls of a 
prison. 

~-----------------------------. ON SlAGEl -NOW P.LAYING 
..6-------------, ~tudents $1 50 THE PHYSICISTS u c. Sit. nite 

Internot ionol intrigue omcn9 nu-
cleor physicists ,n this co,....p~IIII'9 
suspense th"lIer . .. so rdonlc WIt and 
biting humor as three I~med scoe n-
t ists are pa tients of 0 provote a sylum 
. , . Ofe they ,nsone? 

" " , . , (1 ,f, •• , w, t! ,''' 'Jf ~ .. , .. .. 
P C " \; ~ , J. , ~." ( ..... . 1 
s: :~ .. ~ ! ':.~ ; I'I No' , I 
l ),' S .... . ... ,,/c'l, av. I ,. , f1I; 1 . _' t •• , .. . 

1 ... .,:.~'"' '''lf :-- • . I{(" ' t'i ... "' ,, : ... .. .. ,. 
0\1 ." , ' " 1"'1 M ,, ·r,. 80" 01 s • ., \\0" (1 
". b" ~ "9 n' 'o,,, .10,,,,,,, . 
''I'' ."'. ''' ''. '1'''' , ... ". " . .. '.3' 

olb globe tbeatre 
~nlbQ\I p"r~ 


