
tile tritoQ tiIQes 
" •• e II. •• wr I. Ullttnil.' Call1trila. I Diftt T y. DtttIIWr I. 117. 



The Student As A 
Gay College Woman 

(The following interview with a lesbian sister 
at Mary Washington College in Virginia was 
originally printed in the student new paper, Tbe 
Bunet. ) 

about two years . or a little bi t over. We had 
sexual relations and everything, and I ,can 't 
remember being dissatisfied with our 
relationship at the time. Then , I thought it was a 
really great relationship ; and now, when I look 
back on it, I can 't see that there was anything 
wrong with it either. So I have had a fairly 
extensive relationship with one man and ] 
haven' t found it particularly lacking in any 
way ; it's just that as it turns out I like women 
better. 

CPS: Is there anything in particular that you 
dislike a bou t men? 

Quebec Lib 
10 Speak 

Philip Courneyeur, a leading 
activist in the Quebec 
liberation movement will 
speak tomorrow night at 8:30 in 
the Revelle cafeteria. 
Courneyeur, a member of the 
Central Committee of the 
Ligue Socialiste Ouvriere 
(Socialist Worker League) and 
a writer for La Lutte Ouvriere 
(The Worker's Stra"le.) will 
speak about the history and 
present situation against the 
Canadian government. 

During the recent crisis in 
Montreal, when civil liberties 
were suspended by the War 
Measures Act, Courneyeur was 
arrested. Later released he 
beg a n a speaking tour 
describing the crisis situation 
from a Quebec separatist point 
of view. His talk here 
tomorrow night is being 
sponsored by this campus's 
Young Socialist Alliance. 

Scranton Report: 
Campus Unrest 

William Beall , chief of 
campus police at UC Berkeley, 
will be among the speakers 
discussing campus unrest 
during tomorrow evening's 
session oC the Issues Now 
class. 

The meeting has been 
entitled "The Scranton 
Report-What does it mean for 
us? " and will feature a panel of 
varied opinion and expertise to 
examine the President ' s 
commission report . The 
scheduled speakers will 
include, in addition to Beall , 
Jack Douglas, UCSD professor 
of sociology, Willie Smith, 
UCSD dean of student affairs, 
Dr. Thomas Gillette Chairman 
of the Sociology Department at 
San Diego State, and Nelson 
Norman, history professor and 
Omsbudman at San Diego 
State. Ombudsman is a position 
at State which serves as a 
communication link between 
students and administration to 
help solve problems. 

It is hoped by IslUes 
planners tha t St 
Assemblyman John Stull 
Jesus Chavarria, Di 

History Colloguium 

the Center Cor Chicano 
and history professor at 
Santa Barbara might also 
speak at the class, but, at this 
time, the two men are unab~ 
to determine whether they cal 
arrange to do so. 

Speaker Says Right Wing Grou ps 
Birthed Latin American Nationa lism 

Issues Now meets 
Latin America Colloquim 

by Robert Miller 
night at 7:30 in USB 
Students are admitted Cret 
with passes obtained from tb! 
EDNA office at 250 ~C. The Latin American nationalist movement. 

~~::;fI.~~fJ~:It1~:~~1 especially in Argentina and Brazil was first 
'4 started and given momentum by right-wing 

Poetry Fascist leaning groups, said Dr. Marysa Gerassi , speaking a t a history colloquim on revolutionary trends in Latin America. 
According to Dr. Gerassi , the nationalist 

.. "II _ ftUA ts in Latin America were first aroused 
a bout the b e a ch, 'ng groups between World War I and 

waves, a nd/ or War II. These movements were aimed 
IeSpeCllCllly at eliminating the imperialism of 

surfing is the United States and En«land, and 
wante d b y a strong nationalist crusade that would 
the Trito n 

T imes 
Art De pt. 

Nationalism is a phenomenon that is closely 
identified with the transformations that have 
taken place in Latin America in various forms 
such as their in cu lture, economics, and ~~:~~::.~~~~~~~tl politics ," said Dr. Gerassi. 

A major reason for this denial of liberalism 
stems back to an unsuccessful move by 
European Marxists to gain a foothold in Latin 
America, said Dr. Gerassi. 

"These European socialists transposed their 
bourgeoise Ceudalism to Latin America, but 
they did not sel! the reality of Latin America 
and they weren't able to use the Marxist tools at 
their disposal. They were guilty of not ha ving 
done their own work ," she said. 

Tbe Left Takes Over 
Today, according to Dr. Gerassi , the Left has 

taken over the leadersh ip role in the movement 
from the Right ; now they too are anti-liberal. 

Dr. Gerassi pointed out that the movement in 
Brazil and Argentina consisted predominately 
of middle and upper class people. 

" In Brazil the movement was largely a 
middle-class phenomenon, and in Argentina the 
upper-class elitism was very much in 
evidence," said Dr. Gerassi. 

CPS : How long have you been a homosexual? 
S: I've been gay ever since my fre hman year 

in college- the first semester- when I met a 
girl in my hall whom I first became attracted to 
and subsequently fell in love with and had an 
affair with. So I guess I would say I've been 
actively gay since freshman year; although 
there were a few things that happened to me 
earlier. When I was in high school-well, I 
didn' t realize what was happening at the 
time- but I remember now that there was a kid 
at my high school , a girl , who] was pretty much 
attracted to. I couldn't understand just what it 
was I felt about this girl ; ] knew I felt a little 
different toward her, but I didn 't classify it as a 
homosexual attraction until I got to college, 
then had this affair, and then realized what had 
been going on in me earlier. But you see this kid 
in high school was older, and I didn 't think of it 
as much more than a, " crush" - lots of girls 
develop crushes over older girls that they 
admire or over female teachers that they like. 
So that's all I thought it was at the time. I really 
didn't think about it too much, though. 

CPS : Had there been any specific incidents in 
eader years that pointed out that you might 
turn gay ; perhaps your family life? 

S: I can't really remember any significant 
events that could have pointed to the fact that I 
might turn out gay. Now my father- he's a 
very, very authoritarian person ; very strict, 
never let me do much oC anything and never 
even let me win an argument. He thought that 
he was always right. Both my parents love me 
very much and they always felt that no boys 
that I ever dated could be good enough for me. 
So it got to the point there I was always afraid to 
bring boys home because I knew that the minute 
they came in the door my parents would start 
mentally picking them apart ; then after my 
dates left I'd get all these criticisms about 
them. So I guess I was always afraid to date 
much because of my parents. Now, oC course, 
it 's a lot easier because I can bring home the 
girl that I'm currently seeing and of course my 
parents have no idea that I'm having an affair 
with her and it makes it a lot easier. I know she 
won 't have to go through this criticism; she'll 
just be accepted as one of my friends from 
school and they won 't say anything about her. If 
it were a man that I was bringing home it would 
be a different story. 

S: Yes, as a matter of fact. Of course there 
are some things that really bug me about 
women, too. I'm not really terribly biased. But I 
do dislike male chauvinism- it really irks me. I 
consider myself an advocate of women 's 
liberation. Probably one of the reasons why I 
hate male chauvinism so much is because I can 
see it in my father , the big he-man type who is 
always right ; and my mother was always 
wrong, and it was just because be was a man 
and she had to constatly keep feeding his ego. 
Also my brothers used to get privileges that I 
never got, and that made me mad too. So I hate 
this -big penis-worship cult that is going on; I 
hate men who make women into inane, 
smirking, submissive little things and who rob 
women of all the potential they could be putting 
to good use rather than washing diapers and 
rli~hps 

Mid-East Crisis Boils at 
JSA Panel Discussion 

Argentina, Brazil Examples 
The movements in Argentina and Brazil 

. .. 'nr~.~nt two important examples of the 
anti-liberal movement in Latin 

between 1930 and 1943, Dr. Gerassi 

. Gerassi feels that the derivations for the 

The program for a new social order adopted 
by the revolutionaries was taken from a 
"Corporative" model of Mussolini. This 
restrictive social order allows man to operate 
within his own specific function , said Dr. 
Gerassi. 

Dr. Gerassi was raised and educated in South 
America. She has received her Ph.D. from 
Columbia University , and is presently 
associated with Dartmouth. She has done 
extensive research in both Argentina and 
presently in Brazil. Dr. Gerassi 's study of the 
causes and trends of revolutionary activity in 
Latin America is to her knowledge the only 
extensive research on this topic that has been 
done. 

CPS : Have you ever had any heterosexual 
relationships? 

S: Oh. oC course. I dated a lot when I was in 
high school and I went steady with a boy for 

CPS : Then you don 't like relationships with 
men because there's too much of a superiority ~I 
inferiority conflict? . 

S: Yes, to some extent; and then there are 
always those little tasks, which I consider 
degrading, which men expect you to perform. 
Housework is one. I really don ' t think I could 
feel terribly fulfilled dusting, waxing, and 
otherwise being a glorified cleaning lady with 
the extra "benefits" that . go with being 
married . Also have you ever noticed that when 
there is a roomful of otherwise unoccupied men 
and one women, if someone needs some 
housewifely little chore to be done it's always 
the woman they ask to do it. I'll retract my 
previous statement about men- that I wouldn ' t 
want to sleep with one-it's just that I like 
women better because you can have a more 
equal relationship : there's usually no big " I am 
superior, you are inferior" thing. There are 
usually no big hassles over who ' s going to be the 
"boss" and it's just generally a lot pleasanter. I 
also think sex is a lot pleasanter: as the saying 
goes, no one understands a woman 's body better 
that another women ; no one understands how a 
woman works better than another woman. At 
this point in my life I consider women better in 
bed than men. Even though sex isn 't the most 
important thing in a relationship, it 's still 

(continued on page 3) 

ROLLER SKATING IS FUN!!! 

Kothy Rust 
Stoff Writer 

A microcosmic version of the 
Arab-Israeli conflict over 
Palestine was enacted at UCSD 
last Tuesday evening. The 
scene was a meeting of the 
Jewish Students Associa tion in 
HL 1205. The topic planned for 
the panel discussion was 
"National Liberation in the 
Middle East, an Israeli View." 
However , certain Arab 
members of the audience were 
convinced that the Arab view 
should be heard a swell. 

Hillel Gordin of Scripps 
began the discussion with the 
fir st and onl y formal 
presentation. Gordin reviewed 
four possible solutions to the 
Palestinian problem. Tpe 
solutions he offered are the 
following : I ) Destroy the 
independent state of Israel·; 2) 
Create an independent state of 
Palesline with an Israeli 
minority; 3) Create a state of 

~ 7,~~~~~.~ct Group Rol., 1·30-4 Sat Mot Pril/ot. Porties 
I TRI-CIT~~OtLER R1NK things & things 

212 S. CEDROS - SOLANA BEACH-755-4158 

Triton Times December 1,1970 Page 2 

antiquated and otherwise 

1231 prospect street 18 jolla 

PACIFIC HONDA 

FhMn Mithlvto...n, 
Honda has it ... 

454 -1000 

w...aheacl 
and aO alone. 

Pacific Honda- 1269 Garnet 

Israel with' an Arab minority ; 
and 4 ) Accept both Israel and 
the Palestinians as separate 
nations. 

Gordin considered the fourth 
alternative the only possible 
solution because " this is the 
only only solution which 
promises to end the conflict." 
The principal disadvantage 
with the solution is that " it has 
not been accepted by the Arab 
side. " 

There was violent opposition 
to this solution by Arabs in the 
audience. They said. " Arabs 
fear Israel as a super-national 
state." The Israeli constitution 
states that any Jew in the 
world may become a citizen of 
~rael. For the Arabs, thi s 
provision constitutes a real 
danger to the surrounding Arab 
state s " because of the 
inevitability of Israeli 
terri Lorial expansion." 

Yoram Lanir,an Israeli panel 
member , an s wered the 
question by saying , " If a state 
oC peace existed between the 
two states, fears of expansion 
would be no problem." In 
moderator Bob Weinberg 's 
opinion, the Arabs have no 
reason to fear Isra e li 

Europe 
Fall, Christmas and 
Summer 1971 flights 
available, Also to-
Israel and Japan. 

expansion. He 
"Irrational fears are not 
basis for determining 
Danny Kerem agreed 

rection and nationalist resurgence stem 
'---, • • _-- many stimuli : 

"I cannot decide my Cuture 

-The international origins from Europe 
which spawned a new re-evaluation of the kind 
of system Europe was after World War 1. 

- A renovation oC Catholic thought, a major 
force behind the revolutionaries, after World 
War!. 

the fears of Iraq." 

When asked how Israel 
assuage Arab fears, Zui - The rise and subsequent success of 

Ishai said, "Israel has Russian Revolution and the violence of 
to live within its own nor'(1pr· • .,,,,th the Russian and Mexican Revolutions. 
We can do nothing -The rise of middle-class liberal leaders who 
psychological fears." insensitive to the feelings of the 
sides were in tionaries. 
agreement. combination of internal conditions, both 

and socia-economic, that were 
An Iraqi in the aud to a revolt. 

asked what impact the union motivating force that nourished the 
Arab states would have was an intense desire to build a 
fsrael. Gordin answered that t sense of nationalism, said Dr. Gerassi. 
would have no effect at Nation Higbest Value 
"unless Arab unity' "The nation was the highest value to be 
determination to destroy in the minds of the revolutionaries. 
Jewish state." else was seen in relation to what the 

is , and in the process of defining a nation 
After the formal part of llllllwtlich was a primary force in the movement," 

meeting ended , the said. 
and panel members The anti-liberalism of the revolutionaries was 
into smaller a primary creed in their activities. 
fa c t ion s . The ing to Dr. Gerassi, the movement in 
arguments and America sought to come to the fore in 
expressions of the pa to save what had been badly spoiled by 
appeared to indicate a height liberalism. 
emotion that will make "They wanted to wipe out democracy and 
bilateral solution to the A limentarianism, which they Celt led directly 
Israeli conflict difficult Communism," said Dr. Gerassi. 
achieve. 

CONTROVERSIAL 
BOOK STORE 

CRESCI'S C , • 
No. Opt. E".inl,- I,tlNy I.".,h 

5:. Ie . ,. .. 
rry .... , ...., IfI«NIsI 

fUll DAY THUISDAY 

.... , boll ,ud.j,h 
""'" ... tlwi,h 

salad .. 4 hoytrog. pe'a'o .. 104 or 
". ..I. sl •• 

Gay Women ... 
(continued from page 2) 

important ; and that's just one of the things I've 
decided about women. 

CPS : What would your parents do if they 
found out? 

S: It·s very important to me that my parents 
not find out-at least not yet. I'm sure they 
would feel shocked and probably sick : my 
parents have sort of a harsh view-point about 
"queers." They would ;:~obably blame 
themselves, too, and I wouldn't want that to 
happen. As far as I'm concerned no " blame" is 
necessary because this is NOT, as they would 
think, a very horrible and tragic thing which has 
happened to me. It's just me-just the way I 
am- if anything 1 would give them credit rather 
than blame. 

CPS : What is it like to be gay at Mary 
Washington? 

S: It's sometimes very difficult, because 
you 're always under a strain and always 
worried that somebody is going to find ou t. 
When I get of this place I don't think I'll care 
very much about whether people find out or not. 
Unless of course I have a job where it would be 
really dangerous if anyone found out Right 
here, right now I consider exposure dangerous. I 
don't know what the administration would do if 

(~Dtioued oOl'ase 6) 

Frederick's 
Ski Shop 

Come in and see all our new 
ski fashions and equipment I.S.I.P •• I.C.I . 

1717 Beverl, Blvd. 
Los Aftgt les, CA 90041 

(213) 651-3311 
(714) 755-3990 

after 5 p.m. 

ro,i.li • .,..holll 
( htoll·hal~ 

salad, 1111 . ..... "'. 

,i,U., ""'''11' 
'1.20 hrs. 10-8 M-F 

10-650t. 7130 Fay La Jolio 454· 1410 

. S.E.P .-U.C.S. D. 

student christmas special 
your. complet. horo.cope calculated 
indiVidually based on planetary positions at the 
time of your birth by a Panditli (Astroiier) in 
India. 

Please complete this form &.mailtoday for fast 
I NAME: Sex __ . AQdress: _ _ __________ _ 
City: State Zip _----'_ 
Time of Birth (state a.m. or p.m.) _____ _ 
Date of Bi rth _____ ~ __ 
Place of Birth ~ _____ _ 

Enclose '2.50 for students - '5.00 for non students 
Price includes postlie to and from India. You will receive your own 

horoscope approximately one month from the date of receipt. 
compINd form IIId '2.50 (Or '5.00) ~ EAST • WEST Dn'tR,IdII. 

3170s.c ........ 
Sen F 1'IIICIIc:o, 

It· 

lalOgnG 
I .... n • 
.. I .... "II, 

.. lad. fOil. hoyt"" .... , ... 
'1.10 

'1.10 
WEDNESDAY FIIDAY 

lptfhtlli. mH' Mils .MI ••• ,allY 
.. 1M. rail . ........ 

.. 1M •• 4 M"'"" 
'1.10 '1.1D 

"i1k .. lI"ill.rl ,,,I Ioui, 
.104, roll . ..... "'. ,hai(. at ~lIssilif 

'1.10 
.. II ........ ' ... 

PIZZA ot ony time! 
CRESCI 'S C & M 
Deli and Restaurant 

7833 Girard Avenue 
La Jolla, Calif . 92037 

phon.: 459-51 C; 1 

1 l -5 Sun. 

Folsom Ex·Con Condemns Prisnns 
Hos(' ))('(;os la 
Slnff Writer 

Califor ni a p r iso ns are 
"factories of cheap labor" 
where prisoners are "buried in 
a damned pit, encaged in 
barbed wire and engulfed in 
darkness," an ex-inmate from 
Folsom Prison declared here 
last week. 

Bobby Perra , who spent 
three years in solitary 
COnfinement in Folsom, spoke 
to a small audience in 201 
Matthews Campus last 
Tuesday. He was sponsored by 
MECHA. 

seven and one-half years to 
compile, he noted. 

"The Convict Report" is "an 
accum ulation of what goes on 
in prison, what the public 
doesn't know, and it dates back 
ten years," Perra revealed. 
" At ·times I had to work 
underground on this and have 
paid dearly for it. " 

"The Peoples' Resolution" 
deals wi th the legalities of the 
system and is intended , Perra 
explained, to show how laws 
are used to oppress people. 

"This time we will Cight fire 
with fire ," Perra declared 

about hIS research and 
documents. ' We will not use 
stones or Molotov cocktails bu t 
will exploit with documents in 
an organized and intelligent 
manner ." Perra 's bitterness 
was appa rent when he talked 
abou t his years in Folsom. The 
rehab ili tation system for 
pri soners, the ex-convict said. 
is a "a bunch of bullshit and it 
oppresses people instead of 
helping them. Folsom, San 
Quentin and Soledad are 
factories of cheap labor used to 
produ ce li ce nse pla tes , 
textiles, shoes and furniture." 

Perra said he hopes to expose 
many of the injustices in the 
state's prisons through two 
documents he and friends have 
compiled - " The Convict 
Report" and "The Peoples' 
Resolutions." The papers took 

Heorings Set on Del Mor 
Telephone Areo Increose 

It may soon be possible to make local calls from Del Mar to 
certain San Diego exchanges. according to the Pacific 
Telephone and Telegraph Company. 

A hearing before the Del Mar City Council will be held 
Thursday. Dec. 3 at 10 a.m. in the council chambers at 201 15th 
Stree t. Many residents are expected to attend becau e of the 
need for this telephone service, and interest in the outcome. 

Pacific Beach will not be included. However, the area 
extending through Point Lorna and downtown San Diego to the 
borders of National City and EI Cajon, and containing such 
prefixi s as23, 27, 28, 29, 22, and 58. will be includ ed. 

The Stote of the Un iversity 
" If the University of California were evaluated as if it were 

wine , few honest men could call 1969-70 a great year. State 
funding for operations was comparatively low for the third 
straight year, Federal funding in support of many areas of 
research diminished, and capital outlay funding spiraled 
downward toward a level which could arrest planned and 
needed development, particularly at the new campuses. And 
overshadowing even the gloomy budget figures was the 
continuing threat to the academic community of social and 
political unrest. The fiscal year ended amidst unprecedented 
ferment on our campuses and on campuses througbout the 
nation . 

" But last year wasn' t exactly vin ordinaire, either . We are 
learning something about our institution as it is tested by 
adversity, and what we are finding out gives us much hope for 
the future . We are learning that our institutional greatness is 
solidly based on distinguished teaching, on first-rate research, 
and on a sense of service to society. We are learning that 
institutional loyalty- a concept that supposedly does not 
opera te in modern academia- is alive and well in the 
University oC California. And, perhaps most importantly we 
are learning that there is on the part of most of the University 
community a deep commitment to the highest ideals of 
academic life, a commitment which will withstand temporary 
economic hardship and which will not bow before 
intimidation. " 

UC Press Cbarles J. Hitcb 

IMPORTANT 
The cover and back page of Tuesday's Tritoo Times was 

designed and executed by Jeff Frie~l. Appreciation isexpressed 
to the National Lampoon and artIst RIck Me)'envltz for the 
artwork on the back page. and to Chris Runk for help on the 
cover. 

If You T hink Food Is Just For 
Eating- Wait Till You Try Ours 

A complete selection of organically 'grown 
natural and nutritional health foods . 

• Natural Whole Grain Breads 
• Sugar Free Cookies 
• Pure Fruit & Vegetable Juices 
• Salad Dressings, Oils, Mayonnaise 
• Natural Grains & Cereals 
• Dried Fruits & Raw Nuts 
• Certified Dairy Products 
• Low Cholesterol Eggs 
• Raw Nut Butters 
• Sugar Free Sweets 
• Non Chocolate Candy Bars 
• Natural Fruit & Nut Bars 
• Raw Unfiltered Honey 
• Special Diet Foods 
• Natural Vitamins 

& Mineral Supplements 

I-IOUSE of NATURAl foods 
7523 B Fay Avenue 

The Slacks: 
liD CHARGER-
FLARES 

A.l 'l heel-to-toe .ll nl. 

liD 
The Action 
Marl Slack 

( 'h r lstlp's 

l1uatMdtI 
Fosh ion ond Cosuol 

(Iothes for Men 
459-5323 

7914 Girard 
La Jolla 

Triton Times December " 1970 Page 3 



I. Or.n 

Son Diego's USIU Is Trying To Acquire 
Public land For Free 

ByGIL JOHNSON 
College Press Service 

EUGENE (CPS) - Why is a private 
university in California acquiring public land in 
Oregon for free? 

That question keeps popping up in this state 
over the transferral of the abandoned Adair Air 
Force base, nine miles north of Corvallis. 
Oregon, to United tates International 
University, a private institution based in San 
Diego. What makes the question more serious is 
that a number of other people want the land. 

One group of such people is the Oregon 
Council of the Poor, which has been picketing 
that base every weekend. Students from the 
University of Oregon and Oregon State 
University have joined the picket lines. While 
USIU plans to add another private campus on 
Adair 's 204 acres, in a sta te which has the 
highest per capita ration of private colleges in 
the nation, the poor people 's council proposes to 
use the land for vocational training facilities, 
housing\ and a center for the study of racism. 
Under tne federal properties law, a non· profit 
educational institution can get Rublic land on 
what is known in federalese as a 'public benefit 
allowance." As long as the property is used for 
educational purposes, the institution receives it 
scot·free. 

Both USIU and the proposed Council of the 
Poor can be classified as non-profit educational 
institutions, as can a number of other agencies 
who have placed bids on the land. When 
property such as the air base is up for grabs, 
then it appears that he who gets the free land is 
he who has the most money-and the most 
political clout. In those departments, USIU has 
all other competitors beat. Just how much 
influence this university has can be shown in the 
chronologay of events after Adair became 
available in September, 1969. When one federal 
agancy declares some of its property surplus, 
first crack for the land goes to other federal 
agencies. When this was done in the Adair case, 
the Navy fleetingly considered using the based 

a a meteorological site, but just as fleetingly 
abandoned the idea. 

The U.S. Department of Agriculture also 
considered using the base. A federal agriculture 
official, who requested anonymity in recounting 
the idea, said he requested his superiors in 
Washington to acquire the land for pesticide 
disposal and research center. " We had the 
cooperation of Oregon State University , the 
state agricultural people and others," he said. 
" For a while everybody was excited because a 
center like this is needed, but then the quietus 
was put on the plan by someone in Washington. 
It seems to me, although I have no proof, that 
someone wanted USIU to have Adair land 
awfully bad." 

After the Agriculture Department nixed the 
idea , the next step was to ask public agencies at 
the state or local level if they had any use for 
the base. The federal government's General 
Services Administration asked the Department 
of Health, Education and Welfare to seek out 
possible users. Arter notifying the governor's 
office, state and local agencies, and various 
religious and educationaT groups in Oregon, 
GSA and HEW reported no one had any interest 
in it. 

But Dale Parflell, the Oregon superintendent 
of public instruction, and Roy Lieuallen, 
chancellor of the Oregon system of higher 
education, say differenl. Both had expressed 
considerable Interest in the site, and both had 
definite proposals for its use. But Oregon Gov. 
Tom McCal did not seem to find either of these 
proposals attractive. Recently McCall 
commented, "We knew it looked attractive, but 
there's just no money in the coffers to do 
anything with it. In fact , there 's less than no 
money. And, though it looked like a gift, those 
kinds of gifts often end up cosling a lot of 
money." 

Parnell, however, wanted to use the land for a 
state environmental center, which could be paid 
for by user fees. Lieuallen asked for the land to 
proved married student housing for OSU 's 
students. as well as to house OSU research 
facilities . With the 204 acres available at Adair 
come 36 buildings in immaculate condition. 

One college does more 
t han broaCien horizons. It 
sails to them, and beyond. 

t 

Now there's a way for you to 
know the world around you 
first-hand . A way to see the 

.-+ / 

th ings you've read 
about. and study 
as you go . The 
way is a college 
that uses the 
Parthenon as a 
c lassroom for 
a lecture on Greece. and illustrates 
Hong Kong 's floating societies 
wi th a r ide on a harbor sampan . 

Chapman Co llege's World 
Campus Afloat enrolls two groups 
of 500 students every year and 
opens up the world for them . Your 
campus is the s . s . Ryndam . 
equ ipped w ith modern educat ional 
fac ili ties and a fine faculty . You 
have a comp lete study curriculum 
a s you gJ . And earn a fully -
uccred i ed semes te rwh ileatsea . 

Chap nan Co llege is now 
acce pt ir,g enrollments for Spring 

i 

and Fall '71 semesters . Spring 
semesters circle the world from 
Los Angeles : stopping in Asia and 
Afr ica and ending in New York . 
Fall semesters depart New York 
for port stops in Europe. Africa 
and Lat in America . end ing in 
Los Angeles. 

The world is there . The way to 
s how it to inquiring minds is there . 
And financial a id programs are 
there. too . Send for our catalog 
w ith the coupon below . 
s . s . Ryndam is of Netherlands 
regi stry . 

. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 

Mr. 
Miss 

• Mr • . 
Siudent's Name 

II WORLD CAMPUS AFLOAT D j jcct~r Of Student Selection Services Chapman Coliege, Orange, Calif. 92666 
Please send information about your program : 

FIr.t 

I 1m Inleresled In 0 Fall SpI;ng 0 19 __ 
o I would like 1o lelk 1o a represenl.tive 01 WORl.D 
CAMPUS AflOAT 

Nam. 01 School 

C.mpu. Addre .. 

city 
Campu. Pho". ( 

Ar •• Cod. 

Street 

51.1. Zip 

Par.nt's Name 

Hom. Add" .. 

city 
Home Pho". I 

SI"'I 

SI.I. zip 

• 

· • 
• 
• 

• 

· • 
• 
• 
• 

· • 
• 
• 

• Ytlr In Sihool Appro •. OF'A on U SC.le 
• •............................................•.....••••••••••••••••• •• 

Are. Codl 

Triton Times December I, 1970 Page 4 

Both Parnell and Lieuallen claimed their 
proposals were concrete, necessary, and 
inexpensive, but the governor says they 
weren't. Both Parnell and Lieuallen applied on 
their own to HEW, but somewhere between the 
state and federal bureaucracies, those 
applications got lost. Mel Summers, in charge 
of disperSing surplus properties on the west 
coast for HEW, said, " We got only one 
application- for USIU. " 

As these state and federal agencies quietly 
bowed out of the bidding, the Oregon Council of 
the Poor nOisily entered. At the Oregon Poor 
People 's Conference last month, a resolution 
was approved to acquire Adair Air Force base, 
a belated move, but a determined one, 
according to Rafael Pablo Ciddio Abeyta of the 
poor people's councU. 

"Our interests are basic-we want the site for 
vocational training and housing for the poor," 
Ciddio said. Later, the' council expanded their 
proposal to include on the air base headquarters 
for the council, an institute on racism, a 
coordinating center for all food programs for 
the poor, and an office to lobby within the state 
for the interest of all " oppressed people." 

"We asked the governor's office and Robert 
Davis (executive assistant to the governor for 
human relations) to help us when the citizens 
committee in Corva llis said they had already 

decided on the California school," said Ciddio. 
He added that the poor people's council went 

unintroduced and unrecognized at various 
meetbgs concerning the transfer of the base. 
"The governor's office was not too responsive 
to our request for help," he claimed. "U's 
another example of government's indifference 
to the poor. They could have at least let us know 
that ~dair was being deactivated. We had to 
find out from the newspapers." 

Oregon officials, from the beginning, have not 
shown much favor toward the Council of the 
Poor. It was Davis who charged that the Oregon 
Poor People's conference had been taken over 
by " radical students" at the September 
meeting. Ciddio replies that out of the 2,(0) 
participants in the conference, possibly 50 were 
students. 

As for USlU, Ciddio said, "The only poor 
people who will be able to get into tha t school 
will be maids and janitors." 

Others have charged that USIU has 
connections with the CIA, the Pentagon and 
H.L. Hunt. So far , no conclusive proof has been 
exhibited to sustain these assertions. But it is 
clear USIU has plenty of in[Juence with the 
government, and particularly with the Defense 
Department, under which the Adair base was 
originally held. 

Mission Congregation' Bridges 
Th~ Community and Campus 

Bruce Morden 
Staff Writer 

"The Mission Congregation 
is trying to bridge the gap 
between the community and 
the campus. " says Father 
Lawrence Waddy, Humanities 
Professor and Vicar of the new 
Episcopal mission in 
University City. "We are 
attempting to provid e 
friend hip wi th no strings." 

Father Waddy has been 
leading the parish mission 
since it began service in the 
library of La Jolla Country Da y 
School on Sept. 20 of this year. 
The 10 o'clock service is 
informally oriehted. Music has 
been supplied by a gui tar and 
flute combo and presently a 
trombone player is assisting 
with the hymns. 

Student·University oriented 

~ • '" 'rom busin.ss cord. '0 brochur •• 

p r i.»J!! gs,hr::::~:~::~::~::; ... 
~ t"C 617 p .. ,r St. La J.rr. 459·4944 

discussions are also conducted 
Sundays. Such features as 
Third College Dean Pascual 
Martinez discussing Thir. 
College or some MECHA 
students discussing the 

eighborhood Hou e in Logan 
Heights are just a sampling. 

The mi ssio n itself 
sponsored by St. James 
Sea Episcopal Church 
Jolla. The land was IIlJl nl,' ~'" 
10 years ago, but Fa 
doesn't know how long it will 
before any kind of structure 
placed there. 

Students on campus who 
to attend and ne 
transportation should 
Father Waddy at 
x1226. Transportation 
arranged . 

SIeve Londau 
Conlribuling Editor 

Jay Murray operates the crane at the construction site 
re the new Muir apartment-dorms are being buiit. He 
his fellow worlters ha ve been on the job at UCSD for 

two months now. 
Murray has been worltlng in the construction industry 
California since 1946. He has three children, two of 

married, and lives in Riverside. 
Sometimes students have occasion to stop and tallt to 

of the worlters. Murray, espeCially, enjoys tallting. 
the following interview Murray gets a chanq,e to tell 
campus some of his ideas. 

TImes :You might not realize it, but these building; you're 
working on may well be the last built here for quite some 

Bond issues are being voted down because the public isn't 
with the university. Why is this? 

People always pick out the bad things ; good 
they forget about. When they go to the polls and vote what 

in mind is not having more educated kids today than 
had before; it's an image that's been created by a 

groups-let's call them what they were called then- the 
. It's an image created some time ago and it's sticking 

them, even though there's no basis for it. 
We've heard a lot about polarization in the country. Is this 

What about the generation gap? 
I realize there's a generation gap. I'm always being told 

the generation gap is not going to be met by getting the 
• wllln:,,!'r generation to agree with our point of view. It 's more 

we 've got to look at theirs. And I realize that the majority of 
population in the not too distant future is going to be 25 or 

HardHat 
Takes Hard 
Look 
Through 
The Curtains 

you've been working around here? 
JM: I think students have more freedom. They have a much 
broader view of the world today than I had when I was their age. 
I graduated from high school in 1934. I don't think we knew half 
of what these kids know. And again I'll say that I think a lot of 
the views the' older people today are swayed greatly by the 
minority's image. 
T'T: You 're part of a union. The faculty on UC campuses have 

/ 

"hallelujah !" I'm not going to have to pack a lunch and I can 
come a little early and get breakfast. I even came back and was 
going to have dinner here one night. So help me, I fed better 
garbage than that to pigs in past years. No kidding. 

I went up there and had a cup of hot chocolate. That wasn 't 
bad , but what can you do to ruin a cup of hot chocolate? I had 
three strips of bacon, eggs, and two waffles. The waffles were 
soggy. The bacon was cold and greasy. The eggs, I think the 
eggs had already been eaten once. No kidding. 

This is why they don 't have any students eating there over the 
weekends. If I was forced to eat there I don't think my stomach 
could take it. 
Tf: We talked before of a group people labeled as "hippies." 
Now the labeling game is coming back on you. Do you resent 
being called a hardhat, a patriotic flagwaver who hates 
students? 
JM : I haven't been around too much of that. I've had one student 
who hollered out of one of the dorm windows "you, hardhat," or 
something like that one morning, but that's all I've heard. 

To be real frank with you, I've mentioned several times how 
friendly the students are here. If you just have a little smile on 
your face and look pleasant almost everyone of them will say 
"hi" or "how are you." I was really surprised. Normally if you 
don 't know a person, an older person, you'd go by and just look 
stony faced. 

We don't feel any antagonism from the students and the 
workers don't feel any antagonism to the students, except when 
they deface these buildings or something like that. They gripe 
about the sex acts they see in the dorm rooms, but maybe 
they 're jealous; who knows what lies in the hearts of men? I 
don't take the hardhat thing personally . 
Tf: What about unemployment? Do you feel the pinch yourself 
or have you seen much evidence of it? 
JM: Sure, we've felt it in some ways. It's increasing now and 

BEER 
TALK 

MURRAY: They have a much broader view of the world today than I had when I was their age. 

III which the candid connoisseur allSIl'ers quesliollS 
abow Beer, and 'he drillking of same. 

DEAR ED: I'm burned up because 
after a weekend romp in the wood, 
J forgot to put a leftover 6·pak 
of Budweiser in the refrigerator. 
Everybody ay you can't chill beer 
twice, so what should I do? 

FUMING 

DEAR FUMING: First, 
cool off, pal. Then cool 
off that Bud to your 
heart's content (or 
about 40°). 

There's no problem, 
because a rcally good 
beer like Budwei cr 
is just as good when 
you ice it twice. 

But I can't resist 
mentioning that there is an 
easy I',ay to avoid the si tuation altogether. 

Just make sure there's no Bud left over! 

....> • 

Budweiser. 
KING OF BEERS e 

INC . • ST. LOUIS. N(WARK • LOS ANGU(S • TAMPA . HOU STON . COLUMBUS . JACKSO"VILLl • 

Now who is going to say what's going to be? Why the 
I-",,"',"itv We're going to have to live with it. However, society 

acceptle<i the younger generation's way of life yet com-

: A lot of people are saying now that the generation gap is due 
pennisiveness. A lot of mothers followed Dr. Spack's advice 
raising the.ir children and now he's being criticized. 

Sure there's some permissiveness. There always has been 
there always will be. When I wellt to school there was, but it 

out -in the open as much. I never remember my folks 
IldJiscU&Ulg sex in the family . I think it's real good, frankly. We 

discuss sex, VD, the whole ball of wax. My 
1 ~.all"ht"I- '. not going to grow up and learn it out in back of the 

as we used to say. I don 't want a teacher telling it to her 
I don't want her to say "why didn 't you tell me these 

school system needs renovating. It's not a one-sided story. 
corporation falls apart as the top, not the bottom. A business 

so does a school. 
What 's your main gripe with the school system? 

The teachers shouldn't be airing their personal gripes and 
IE~rle'V;In"". about something going on other than teaching. This 
I a1OP~,, '1 apply to all of them. When we talk about what's wrong in 

world, we're talking about a minority group, not a majority 
me say right now that the majority of school kids today 

kids. The only thing wrong with them is that they won't 
up and be counted. They're letting a minority group give a 

bad image to the whole school system. 
I talked to my fellow workers the other day. I say that there's 
school bond coming up. You going to vote for it, I say? No, I'm 

going to vote for it. Why? Well, so-and-60 school just got 
,. "', ..... '''''' so-and"lO school had a riot. 

a few things we see going on here. For instance one 
this morning was full of marijuana. 

You can see It from here? 
Sure. 

Then you must know what it looks like. 
So does everyone else. It's been in the paper nwnerous 

My brother-in-law is with the sheriff's dept. My SOII-in-
a supervisor In the probationary dept, so I've seen It. It's 

In about eight different pots now, 
: Have your general lmpreaions of students changed since 

made efforts to build real unions, but the state, especially 
Governor Reagan has opposed them. What do you think of this? 
JM: Don't they have teachers' associations that bargain for 
them? 
T'T: Yes, but they don't have the legal right to strike. 
JM: My own feelings are that the union has done an awful lot for 
the working people. They've got pretty strong and they come on 
pretty strong sometimes, in fact a little too strong sometimes. 
But compare wages in states that have Wlions to states that 
don't, and they 're higher. 

However, sometimes the unions dictate a little bit ; they even 
do things that the workers don 't like. But then we don 't satisfy 
everyone on every issue anyhow. 

I feel that these teachers have every bit as much right to 
belong to a union, and if there's no other way. of bargaining 
except the way I bargain, why is it right for me to strike and not 
someone else? 
T'T: In the recent UAW strike, some students were turned away 
by striking workers in Santa Barbara when they tried to bring 
them food . Some radical groups call for a worker-student 
alliance. Do you think the two groups have much in common? 
JM: No, I don 't see that. The only basis I can see for students 
striking on college campuses .... in fact, I can't see them 
striking; I can see them trying to bargain. Every school has a 
student body, I hope. This is supposed to be their bargaining 
group really. 

I realize that unions, in the past, their bargaining agent was 
the pickhandle and a pair of brass knuckles. But we 've gone 
beyond that; I hope we've become a more sophisticated nation . 
Tr: But would you turn back the support of students helping 
you? 
JM : No. No. If we were on strike and here came some students 
with this bucket of food , and they wanted to donate it to us, I'd 
say thanks, this is great. My grandfather used to have advice he 
gave to me. I can remember years ago him telling me, he said 
",lay, take good advice if it comes from the Devil ." 
T'T: I hear that you've had some rather strong reaction to the 
food they serve up there (Muir Cafeteria) . 
JM: I live here during the week, and go home weekends. When 
they told me this cafeteria was going to open up I said 

who's to say when it will stop? Anytime the federal government 
stops spending money-they knocked off aircraft spending-it 
reflects on down the line. I've felt it, because I wouldn't be 
working down here . There were a lot of small jobs at home 
(Riverside), but we've finished them all . The construction in-
dustry is feeling it, definitely. 
Tf: H there 's one big problem besides campus unrest that you'd 
like to see the President or somebody do something about, what 
would It be? 
JM : I don 't think the president could do what I would like to see 
done. I would like to see families united as families. Until they 
are united we 're going to have continuous unrest among parents 
and children, because parents don't seem to be making an effort 
to understand the children. OK, you don't care if you make a lot 
of money. Maybe young people don't want that. -
1'T: Men like Reagan and Agnew aren't exactly popular with the 
youth. Are they themselves contributing to the polarization? 
JM : I didn't vote for either one. I don 't particularly care for 
Reagan . I really shouldn't say anything on these issue, because I 
don 't know all the facts . Reagan must be popular with the 
majority. But Ilook behind the issues, at how they've voted . 

This is the only thing we can do in the country today. We don't 
vote for the man . We vote for the party and the party picks a 
man. Damn it, I'd like to see the people elect the man . They 
(Agnew and Reagan ) will pick out the bad things about students . 
There are a lot of good students and I say look for the good in 
people today. 
1T: What's going to happen to the schools, meanwhile, as people 
vote down school bonds? 
JM: This is doing exactly what the communists want. They're 
accomplishing exacUy what they want. Communists say they'll 
bury us from within . Well, the quickest and easiest way to bury 
us from within Is to close our schools and campuses , We 're 
hurting I'urselves by not increasing our school . 

Idon 't know if most people realize this, but I do. They've got to 
understand that we can't cure all the ills of our schools over-
night . But one thing we can do-we can get the radicals, U 
agitators, out of our campuses-those who are not there for an 
educatidn but merely to disrupt. 
1T: Why are the radicals like they are and why do they have so 
much influence? 
JM: Well, nwnber one we've got professional agitators and with 

(Continued on page 6) 
Triton Times December I, 1970 Page 5 



. , USIU ... 
(coatmu"" from page 4) 

A San D,ego journalist has called USIU's 
trustees "cne of the least-known and most 
power-packed boards in this area." 

Three of Hs trustees are members of the Navy 
League. and one was president of this powerful 
military lobbying group's San Diego chapter. 
Three board members are also executives in the 
aerospace industry. and held top positions in the 
U.S. air force program during World War II . 
One was assistant director of Aeronautical 
research at NASA, and sat on the board that 
issued the Defense Department's annual report. 
Irving Salomon, former dele~ate to the U.N. 
during the Eisenhower admimstration served 
in a top-level post at the Pentagon du'ring the 
Second World War also. 

alomon is on the board of directors of the 
Union Bank of San Diego. The trustees also 
include the presidents of the U.S. National Bank 
of San Diego, and San Diego First Federal 
Savings and Loan Association. Two other 
trustees sit on the boards of directors of 
national banks. These banks and finance 
companies own much of the Agribusiness stock 
in Southern California. These connections can 
supply the muscle is needed to twists a lot of big 
arms in The Defense and Agriculture depts, and 
plenty of other federal agencies. 

The president of USIU, William Rust, has run 
the university since he took over its first 
campus, a small Methodist college named Cal 
Western, in 1952. He is known as one of the top 
fund-raisers in the Southwest. In 17 years, . 
Rust has expanded USIU from one small 
campus to a far-reaChing empire that includes 
centers in London, Mexico and Kenya, as well 
as various other sites in the U.S. Many of the 
sites of these centers have been acquired 
through the same means as the Adair base was. 

Although USIU has officially broken off with 
the Methodist church, Rust, himself an ordained 
Methodist minister, runs his schools according 
to strict Puritan morality. 

The Rust philosophy stresses " the ideals oC an 
ecumenical, wholesome, decent campus life-to 
promote the ideals of human worth and world 
community." The school has had lillIe campus 
turmoil. " A student who comes to us comes to 
study," Rust says. This philosophy extends to 
prohibiting student use of alcohol either on or 
off campus. 

While Governor McCall and his aides have 
rejected bids from the state systems of public 
instruction and higher education, and the 
Council of the Poor because these proposals 
were not "concrete," administrator 's at USIU 
have yet to detail their plans for the use of 
Adair. 

CPS : Wha t are some misconceptions tha t you 
don't like which straight people have about 
gays? 

S: I've already said that one thing that really 
makes me mad is the "Myth of the Horny 
Homosexual. " And I also pointed out that there 
are certain words people use which make me 
mad. The stereotyped "queers" that people 
think of when they think of gays make me mad. 
" I really feel sorry for these people so I want to 
do all ] can to help them." . 

These people who think they're so damn 
sexually liberated would probably blanch at the 
thought of any overt homosexual behavior. But I 
think straight people will have to get used to gay 
behavior, because I think more and more the 
Third World gay groups are going to start 
bringing it out onto the streets. Gay people of 
today are getting a little impatient- and who 
can blame them? It might take a long time to 
overcome all the centuries of ignorance and 
prejudice on the subject. but we're going to do 
all we can, and just hope that good things will 
come of it. 

Express your 
ideas 

in 
TRITON TIMES 
Send letters 

and columns to 
Editorial Director; 

TRITON TIMES 
117 Blake Hall 

UCSD 

Clearance Sale at Our Cost! Sports Writers Needed! 
STEREO COMPONENTS 

Scott-Dynoco-Kenwood 
Re(eivers-Amps.Speakers.Tape Recorders 

10 iollo music 
1128 wall 10 iolla 

Triton Times 

459-3375 

San F rancl~co San Jose 
I Sacramento Los 

---..... s, Hollywood· 
Burbank, and Onlano 

So go Fr m San Diego 
Call your campus rep . 

travel age"t o~ PSA 
gives.,. a INt. 

December I, 1970 Page6 

See Rocky 
GROUP-DISCOUNTED 

AUTO INSURANCE 
·P.ROGRAM for 

ASSOCI E 
STUDENT E 8E S 

PREMllJI!\ 'AV 
f"", o"ng .. rr.......,..... 100ft ~ 

mad. '" ' ... p,_Ioor .... policy 

ntO Oeportm .... of In,.,ronce 

MAUIEIl STUOINlS • NMA&I 
STUDENTS 

" 'Pedo! pr ....... II 

TWO CAR D'SCOL,lI'tf$ 
" 10% . ,,_, ,1 ... .- Ioor 

hous,hold. 

GUARANTEED PLACEMENT 
Placement Guaranteed regordl." 

of dtl~l"g record 

Of. Inwelved ' I' 0", 
....... _ .... '-'I! 
tnIOINT INIUtANCI COVEIIAGE n... 'UlQ(,!Ct ict 
t.. ~ ljodIIceI!y ,,'o~,1Mcf fe< 
lilt ~ fi/ p"- 01 ollog. 
..... NO\Io ... ,d. 

ilt thiS poliCy IS In ,ffect the 
insured "ud,n! IS Quut.d of h" 
compllonce With ,h. StOl, at Coil'. 
ornlo Fmon<iol Rlipons,b,l,ty low 

for information CALL (714) 583·9393 
CSIS 5090 College Ave ., No. 1 

San Diego, Cal if. 92115 

Hardhat .. o 
(Continued from page 5) 

any group in which you have a few professional agitators 
can always gleen out a few followers. You musuealize that 
of the Americans aren't leaders-they 're followers. So you 
IO%of the people leading the rest of the country. 
TT: Are they communists? 
JM: Oh, I don't know. Some of them are paid-we know 
paid. 
TT: How do you know? 
JM: Oh, I can't substantiate this. The only things I know I 
in the paper. I'm like a lot of other people. Our government 
lets us know what they want us to know-nothing more. We 
see the whole picture. 
TT: Finally, can you teU us about the famous room H2 up 
(Muir dorms) that you refer to a lot. 
JM: Well, we watched another episode just this morning. 
almost a daily occurrence. It 's not just in that room; it 
in almost half a dozen. But in'room H2 this girl gets up. 
her dress herself. Then she makes her bed. At 8:30 
comes in, undresses her, and they jump on the bed. Solnetimet 
they close the curtains, sometimes they don't. 

Now I can't go along with this. I think they should close 
curtains. They're old enough to know whether they want to 
this or not. Like I said, if they don't do It here they'll do 
somewhere else. Why not a little privacy? 

Merry 
Christmas 

BIBIL saa 
The Look: 
CALCULATING 
The Slacks: 

No·lron solids, stripes and pi 
$810 $9. p.I~! 

REBEL 
. SHOP 
PLAZA CAMINO REAL 

CARLSBAD 
(Metro Ticket Agency) 
FASHION VALLEY, 

ENTERTAINMENT -TRAVEL 
et Annountes 

Christmas and Spring Charter Flights To 

New York and Europe 
"oon'l be misled by lower prices, investigate first! Fly with our reliable 
CharIer group. Know Ihe fads on your chort.r corri.r before you sign your 
appl ication. Don't toke a chane. with an unknawn charter airl in •. " 

Christmas 1970 
#612 Oakland·New York (JFK) r.t . Dec. 1'-Ja"2(via T.l.A.) 

(including In) '139" 
#61S Oakland· Los An,.les·Amsterdam (r.I.) Dec. 1.·J .... 2 (via T.I .A.) 

including tax '2S9" 
#858 Oakland·Landan (r.t .) Dec. 1.·J .... 3 (via T.I .A. 
Ski Holiday in Innsilruck, Auslrio Dlc. 1 •• Jall. 4 including tax '249" 
(Price includ.s round Irip flighl, all lifts , hotels, breakfasl for 14 days) 

Spring (one way only) Flights '4 .... 
#734 OaklandH.·Amslerdam , ... 4, 1.71 (Via TH.) 

indudiftQ tox'l39" 
#936 OaklandH.·Amsterdom April 2S, 1971 (via l .I.A .) 

#116 Oaklond·london March 20,1'71 (via l.l.A.) 
incl uding tax '139" 

including tax '139" 
All ";,Iels arl .,.. ta sta.ls, I..".,"S, steff .. fwc.", I' 
IN U.lYlrslty ., C""'I"" ~ .... Ir i • ....,. '-llias. 
for application & further information write: 
(aI-Jet (!.rters or call (area code 415) 
2150 Green Street 922·1434 
San Franliseo, CA 94123 (afrer six and weekends) 
Special: Ullivlnity .f Califlrllia Chart.r flight to Australia and 

New Z""nd wi" stop in Tahiti Sit far summer 1971 
(writ. for full delails now!) 

Inter-European Student Charters Available Through CAL·JET 

Summer 1910 Europe Schedule 

NOW PlAYtNG 
through December 20 

.. .In the Matter of 

STUDENTS $1 .50 
(exc. Sat. with 1.0.) 

J. ROBERT OPPENHEIMER ... 
by H.ina, Kipphardt 

a compelling and challenging drama of man', conflicting 
r.,pon,ibility to hi' country and to mankind 

S2.l0 (r .. ,., W..r ., Ih,,~ . S... I .... ) S!.DO (S.o. lI. t. OK. 11) 
SUO (F". S.t. I .... ) S LSD St •. ,~" ,olr. • ..I"tod .,il . .. dot . 

..... ,." ~centre stage 
phonf 

239-2255 
afternoon 

Don't Pay More! 

Enjoy lowest prices in town 
MUSIC REPAST 

4655 Mission Blvd.-Pacific Beach 
All top recording artists at lowest prices 

, .. , .. ""~",,. 

A'ulII Reg price our prici 
New Sleven Slilla S S.9S S3.77 
Jesus Christ Su perstar 11.98 6.99 
Der.k and the Dom inoes 9.98 5.99 
N.w Morning·Bob Dylan S.9S 3.sS 
looking In·Savoy Brown 4.98 2.99 
Big Bralher and the Holding Company 4.98 2.99 

Be A Brother 
Allmon Brothers·ldlewild Soulh 4.98 2.99 

These are just a sample of our prices. All our 
records are discounted. We order records at no 
extra cost. 

• 
• 

.. ., ..... , •.... ~ 

• 

, 

... 

488-4583 

• 

. In Concert 

• 
• 

RAY CHARLES 
'70 

DECEMBER 6 
SUNDAY 

Roy Chorles ond his Roeletts 
Peterson Gymnasium 

San Diego State 
8:00 P.M. 

SOS Students $2.50 
Other College Students $3.25 

General Public $4.00 

Tickets available at: 
AZTEC CENTER TICKET OFFICE 

or at the door 

Presented by San Diego State's 
Associated Students Cultura l Arts Board 

, 

CO-HIT! ---a 
The Truth and Soul oVle 

"PUTNEY 
SWOPE" 

apri 
PARK BLVD. AT UNIVERSITY AVE. • 298-0577 

Triton TlmlS December I, 1970 Page 7 



tillles 
University of C.lifornia. San Diego 

L. Joll •• C.liforni. 92037 
(714) 453-2000. ext. 1016. Advertising ext. 1017 

'Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 
The editoriah expressed below ore approved by the TIlTON TIMES Editorial Board. All other opinions 
expressed on this page or. those of the authort wh_ names appear in the bylines, and do not 
necessarily reflect the .,iews of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit material to be published in 
thi.Mction should .nd it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD. 

Munsinger and Racism 
One of the virues of the free press is 

that it provides a mode of expression 
for embattled minority opinions, which 
might otherwise be suppressed by the 
prevai ling "socia I dog ma". However, 
a virtue of equal importance is its 
ability to doom to irrelevance un-
worthy opinions. Opinions unworthy 
not because they go against the 
majority but because they are without 
value. This we feel is the result of last 
week's interview with Harry Mun-
singer. 

Considering the lack of reasoning 
and research in Professor Munsinger's 
statements about Third College and 
race one should take with a grain of 
salt anything he might espouse. In last 
Tuesday's issue of the Ti Munsinger 
claims Third College is racist because 
of its "Quota enrollment." Obviously 
Munsinger has done his research on 
Third College by reading John Stull in 
the San Diego Union instead of taking 
the short walk to Mathews Campus. If 
he would do this he would know there is 
no "quota system". What there is, is a 
great majority of Black and Brown 
students. When a college is oriented 
toward working at the Urban and 
social problems of the minority groups 
of this country, is this such a surprise? 
Is it racism? 

At Revelle College, which is science 
oriented, the greatest precentage of 
students are scientifically oriented . Is 
this evil or racism? More likely it is the 
result of a common tendency for 
science oriented students to apply to a 
science oriented school, and for a 
science oriented school to admit a high 

precentage of students with scientic 
interests . Similarly a school for getting 
minority groups to deal with their 
urban and social problems will have a 
high percentage of Black and Brown 
students. 

The great percentage of such 
students at Third College is the result 
of the University's committment to 
deal with contemporary social 
problems, not Munsinger's "quota 
enrollment". And, if this committment 
is Munsinger's complaint then all we 
can say is tough! 

The TT will not at this time 
editorialize on the Jensen Theory, 
however in this Friday's issue 
Professor Edmund Fantino will closely 
relate our own feelings . This however 
doesn't prevent us from deploring a 
statement about race made by Mun-
singer. In last Wednesday's issue he 
says that inSisting everyone has equal 
abilities. only raises false hopes. In the 
context of the interview "everyone" 
refers to the different racial grups and 
how they have scored on intelligence 
tests . And, the implication can only be 
that those groups who have scored low 
must permanently resign themselves 
to limited asperations. 

Munsinger claims he is not racist but 
his statement about equal abilities and 
false hopes is either another 
irresponsible utterance of words 
(which it probably is) or the most gross 
racism. Possibly not rDcism as 
Webster defines it, and surely not 
racism as Munsinger sees it, but the 
type that threatens to bring the fire 
next time. 

Right on Wally 
Nixon didn't even bother to play the 

elaborate charade that accompanied 
the departure of Robert Finch. Hickel 
was fired merely because of a lack of 
"personal trust" between the two men. 

Hickel was always an enigma. His 
cabinet career began with a fierce 
struggle for confirmation against the 
conservationist interests. 

Now he leaves a hero. He leaves a 
hero not because he has been the save-
all for tl e ecology movement. He 
leaves with our respect, though, 
because h. managed to maintain some 
degree of independence within a most 
cynically oolitical administration . 

Hickel became ~u prisingly hard-
line on cer tain enviromental issues. He 
became hC:lrd-line enough that he began 
stepping cn some of the polluters' toes. 
Some of tl':ese very same polluters pick 
up the tab for the Republican party. 

Hickel will never be forgiven for his 
letter to Dick advising him to listen 
more to the nation's youth . This hurt 
and angered Richard deeply . It gave 
the very credibility to the youth 
movement that Nixon always tries to 
dispel!. 

Not only do we regret Hickel's firing, 
we are outraged by his replacement. 

Rogers Morton is now the Chairman of 
the Republican National Committee. 
He is the most political of politicos, 
having been involved in massive fund -
raising campaigns. 

The appointment is the most cynical 
of political ones, and Mr. Nixon hardly 
even makes an attempt to hide it. It is 
common knowledge that this post is a 
political plum for Morton. It i~ com -
mon knowledge that many 
Republicans want to get him out of his 
current post because of the way he 
botched the campaign, Ah, what ever 
happened to choosing a man because 
he's qualified for the job? 

This position of Secretary of the 
Interior is a crucial one today. Not only 
does Its man have many important 
perogatives at his disposal, buy he can 
exercise positive national leadership in 
the ecology movement. We are 
outraged by Mr. Nixon's continuation 
of political maneuvering within his 
administration . 

Many of us were wrong about Hickel 
before, so who knows what 
metamorphosis may overcome Mr. 
Morton? But for now we can only in-
terpret the current train of events as a 
real setback to the battle to save our 
environment. 

Page' Triton Tim .. December I, 1970 

MDRap 

Rabies In San 
Diego County 

V. Robert Allen, M.D. 
The Triton Times has agreed to let me write periodically to 

keep you informed of the latest medical views that may be of 
interest to you, I'll try to provide information and medical 
opinion, but any decision-making is up to you , If you are uptight 
and would like a public answer to a personal medical question, 
send your anonymous notes to MD Rap. in care of the Triton 
Times, or drop them into the box at the Student Health ervice. 

This leadoff article is going to be longer than usual because I 
want to let you know about a very real problem we are all 
facing on the campus. 

Rabies a Local Problem 
Did you know that rabies exists in San Diego County? That's 

right-rabies-and not just out in the remote hills, either, For 
most of us, rabies is something you read about in a book and 
associate with Pasteur and the 19th Century, I used to think the 
same way until last year, when I was involved in the care of a 
two-and-Cl-half-year-old boy with rabies, He actually 
contracted the disease after he was bitten by a rabid bobcat 
near his home in Lakeside. Usually it is possible. with 
sufficient treatment, to prevent rabies from developing in a 
human being that has been bitten, but occasionally there are 
treatment failures. In spite a[ all efforts. this little boy expired 
after 133 days, and while that represents the longest known 
survival for a person with rabies, in the end the result was the 
same as it always is. Rabies is a universally fatal disease. 

An experience like that really shakes you up, even if you are 
a doctor. With all our 20th Century know-how, we still have no 
treatment for this illness. The only thing we have is a 
preventive treatment which usually works to keep the disease 
from developing in man, but it is far from perfect. 

Domestic Animals Vulnerable 
Here are the facts on rabies in San Diego County today, The 

disease exists in wild skunks, bobcats, coyotes, and bats, There 
are plenty of these in the surrounding La Jolla countryside. 
These animals lose their natural fear of man when they get 
sick and may come into backyards and attack people, 
livestock . or pets, Your dog or cat should be vaccinated [or its 
own protection. but even our best vaccine does not work tOO 
percent of the time. It's a lot better if you don't allow your pet 
to get bitten. 

If a dog bites a person and the dog can be kept under 
observation for approximately ten days, there is usually no 
need to trea t the person to prevent rabies unless the dog gets 
sick during the observation period, But if a person is bitten by a 
loose dog and the animal can' t be traced, a real problem exists, 

As a doctor, I'd have no choice but to start anti·rabies 
treatment in such a case because we are living in a known 
rabies area , The treatment isn 't a lot of jollies, Children often 
get bitten, for example. Try explaining to a little kid why he 
has to get fourteen to twenty-three painful shots in the wall of 
the abdomen. That isn 't bad enough; the vaccine may itself 
cau<;!' '1 uroparalysis on occasion, so that even if you survive 
you could be paralyzed , And remember, too, that the vaccine 
doesn ' t always work. If the dog escapes, the victim will also 
require rabies antiserum besides vaccine. The antiserum is 
made from horse serum. About 25 percent of people are 
allergic to it, some so highly allergic that they can die from it. 

Treatment a Last Resort 
So you can understand it if I tell you that I'd rather do almost 

anythingthan,have to treat someone for possible rabies. 
If you or your pet get bitten by an animal , the first thing to do 

is to confine the animal if at all possible. Wash the wound out 
right away with lots of soap and water. This may inactivate the 
virus which causes rabies. After that, get to a physician for 
evaluation and possibly a tetanus booster. If th animal can' t 
be located, you ' re probably going to have to get further 
treatment. You pet owners : if you care at all about your dog or 
cat, don 't let it run loose without supervision, Your pet can get 
hurt. lost, stolen-or bitten, 

If it is bitten, it can die , in spite of being vaccinated. And if 
your loose pet bites ~omebody and can't be traced, you are 
responsible for the fright. pain, and mental anguish that person 
is gOing to have. The consequence may even be death. I hope 
you give this some thought and maybe get together with each 
other and decide on the best ways to prevent these tragedies 
from happening to animals or people on our campus, 

The people at Environmental Health and Safety are 
understandably pretty upset about thi problem and have asked 
me to tell you about it. If you would like more information call 
EDNAatx·1l76. 

-

The Triton Times 

Wants To Publish 
Your Letter! 

--- - - -- ---- --

Opinion 

uture Of Stutlent Housing 
As part of the "Issues . :teru;ion 

course, a panel of 
interested 
discussed the sitlUltion 
of all the invE!sti@:ativllimissilon 
reports as two 
felt there were two 
The first is that if you put alltudlmts 
into an enclosed area, 
astronomical rents, and 
inadequate services 
parks, etc.), they 
Wlhappy. The second 
Santa Barbara case 
University HWlIllIllSl:ralltIJ,er 
takes no interest in wh,.",,:n. 
students off campus. And .a~/aitled 
with great anticipation 
week's program, during 
find out what UCSD is 
future development of 
campus. 

We sadly report that 
very little. This is not to d intl'rp.st 
on the part of the Univenll:!s 
lacking; In the YVEear:s~~~~::r~ 
was proposed a CI 
representatives from 
City of San Diego, 
private citizenry has 
try to work out a 
"University C()[runwtiltY,'I~h 
define as the University 
the freeway. 

However, an "issues 
urban planner by prof4:har'ged 
that the needs of 
income members 
conunWlity would not 
This charge was 
representative of tl""I'1016 
who owns most of the JaII~eSlo.on. 

LETTERS TO THE OR 

Angie Douva and David Sadava 

Kahn's representative said that much as 
he'd like to, his boss can't build housing 
to rent to students and still make a profit. 
And so it appears that University City 
will develop into a well-planned, middle 
class, professional conunWlity; much as 
they'd like to help the students, the 
planners regret that financial con-
siderations will eliminate them from the 
"integrated" corrumUlity. 

While we are amazed that the planning 
committee (and, by representation, the 
UCSD administration) is still pursuing 
this impractical plan, we have more 
basic reservations about the philosophy 
behind it. The philosophy, as outlined by 
Murphy, is that students living in student 
ghettos will by nature riot, so if we 
scatter them they won't riot. The com-
mittee has missed the point. Exploited 
students living in ghettos will riot. 

Exploitation Produces Violence 
To go back to Isla Vista, we learned 

from these people that the most serious 
crime in that area was (and is) the ex-
ploitation of students by landowners who 
have a literally captive population. When 
specifically questioned, the UCSD 
students present said that they preferred 
to live among one another rather than be 
"integrated" into the larger community. 
It is among themselves, they said, that 
they feel free to experiment with life 
styles, an important part of their college 
experience. 

People at Berkeley have told us that an 
important part of their education there 
occurs off<ampus, and the town is very 
conducive to students living and learning 
about themselves. The situation aroWld 
UCSD, with concentrations of students in 
Del Mar and in the Bird Rock area, is 
evidence that here too students like to 
live among themselves. 

U students aren't going to find 
adequate housing in the planned 
University City, can't they just continue 
to move up to the beach towns to the 
north? Unfortunately, they won't be able 
to afford it. Anyone who has looked for 
housing in the area can testify that rents 
are going up and housing is very scarce 

all the way up to Encinitas. 
And things are going to get worse. Last 

year the CoWlty Board of Supervisors 
allowed nearly all of the bluff land at the 
south end of Solana Beach to be 
devflloped into high-priced apartments ; 
they have also given a go-ahead to La 
Costa to develop what may be a marina 
and beach club at the north end of that 
town; apartments now being built ("Los 
Angeles" ) and planned (714 con-
dominiwn apartments on Carmel Valley 
Road) for Del Mar are hardly student· 
type housing. 

All of these expensive developemnts 
will probably raise property values, 
taxes, and rents in the beach towns. The 
administration at UCSD voiced no ob-
jections to the supervisors when use of 
these lands was being discussed. 

Off-Campus Housing Discouraged? 
The picture is further clouded by the 

possibility that, in order to ensure that 
the dorms stay full, the University ad-
ministration is not encouraging off-
campus housing. We prefer not to believe 
this; nevertheless, the housing situation 
is serious now and, if we accurately 
describe the situation, it is going to get 
worse. As the "Issues Now" panelists all 
agreed, solutions that are practical are 
hard to come by. 

But, perhaps as a start, the University 
administration might describe to its 
constituents exactly what it is planning 
and doing to ensure a livable en-
virorunent for its expanding student 
population. Perhaps the administration 
might take a more active interest in 
exactly what is being built and how this 
will affect sfudents living off campus. 
Perhaps the administration might 
convince whatever board asses on 
building permits that extensive 
developments aroWld the campus should 
have an adequate percentage of low-
rental units. 

This might lower the developers' 
profits a bit, but Mr. Kahn is not a poor 
man. It is time for the leadership of this 
campus to act in the best interests of its 
more important constituents. 

Heredity, Intelligence, and 
Other Academic Vested 
Interests 

chievemenl. Thus t he 
'''"'I)''"l:t of a child follows 

well known bell 
curve for which the 

n intelligence of the 
Dear Sirs, supplie the point of 

Sub j e c t: II ere d i ty, probability, hardly the 
In telligence , and other formula which cannot 
Academic Vested Interests d for deviation. 

large numbers. have a 
statistical validity , That I.Q . 
tests have been grossly 
misused does not affect their 
validity or utility within 
certain limits ; all that is 
required is a little intellectual 
discipline by the u er. 

questions were not AS-
sponsored, but the work of the 
Leaflet Coalition, instigators of 
the referendwn. It is this that I 
must protest. 

I feel that I have been used for 
political purposes by a group 
not in sympathy with my views. 
Worse yet, the attempt was 
Wlderhanded. The questions, 
which I now lmow included 
reference to my sex, are an 
invasion of my privacy and of 
my individual rights of freedom 
of speech and of expression, 
beliejs which are so profoWldly 
expoWlded by the Leaflet Coal-
ition itseH. I was not told the 
reason behind these queries. I 
support the AS and resent any 
attempt to use anything con-
nected with me to support the 
contrary, especially by such 
vile means. 

Richard P. Whitehill , Ph ,D, 3. Dealing with a landerous 
I. Dealing with the Mina . ,lIl'rpnr·p · 

Distortion: Jensen argued that 
A. Genetic factors set I evidence showed 

upper and lower limits there were significa nt 
intellectual achievement in approaches to 
any given individual. so lving between 
individual has different and whites and also 
and lower limits ; ethnic groups which 
between any two individ be cohesive enough to be 
va ria Ii 0 n in mea su sidered gene pools. As there 
intelligence mayor may DOl more than one way to skin a 
due tl) genetic factors. each equally valid. 
environment. on a si ngle way 

2. Dealing with the the party which employs 
Distortion: t method , and this show up 

A. While the " inheri I.Q. tests, Nothing more was 
portion of intelligence and any evaluation 
genotype specific in that ached to ob e r v ed 
comes from parents, rences delineates the 
parent themselve are a y of the claimant and not 
of . genetic pool. As with author. 
color of eyes. intelligence 4. On Conclusions d rived 
hardly a ertainty. As the attacking Strawmen : 
and its supporting systems A, I.Q, tests are admittedly 
far more complex than lib Ie and inadequate. The 
color, much more than ones are, however. 
genetic factor contributes of problem 
establishing the capability within a 
lower limits of environment and , in 

Summation : 
Only the errors important 

to me were mentioned . 
Actually Dr, Whitehill's letter 
was a compendium of forensic 
gimmicks down to the most 
contemptible. As Dr, Richard 
P. Whitehill is " Director, 
Learning Skill s Program. 
UCSD," I am sorely tempted to 
agree with the radicals". 
maybe we had better start all 
over again. 

Thomas J. Rath 

Protest of 
AS Referendum 

As a quiet, working student, I 
feel the time has cQme for me to 
speak out. While obtaining my 
ballot at the recent AS 
referendum, I was asked 
several questions as to my class 
and coUege. At the time, I 
assumed this was an AS 
procedure and did not think 
much of it. In the last Dimen. 
slon, I learned that tbese 

I really resent the fact that 
these questions were solicited 
by a sexist, chauvinistic, 
messianic organization with 
whom I would not cooperate 
Wlder nonnal circwnstances. 

I call upon the AS President, 
the AS CoWlcil, the AS Com· 
missioner of Elections, and the 
Dean of Students to censure this 
faction for Its blatant use of a 
student election for WlJustified 
political ends. 

Sincerely, 
N.ncy Keys 

Reply tCi R aeism (harge 

On Reaching 
W hit eRa cis t Men t a lit i e 's 

BY 
Manuel de Jesus Hernandez 

and H. Ger on Jone 
Third World taff Writer 

EDITOR'S NOTE: 
Third World feels its image and purpose 

have been distorted by articles on it in the 
campus media . This article refers 
specifically to a letter to the editor in last 
week's TT. By replying to the letter, Third 
World explains its own position. 

Recently the TRITON TIMES published a 
letter by Barbara Simpson which criticized the 
most recent issue of the THIRD WORLD. While 
we are glad to see that Miss Simpson is 
somewhat versed in the history of the Com-
mWlist Party in the U.S., we feel that the glaring 
errors that pervaded her letter cannot go un· 
noticed. 

The Third World newspaper is an organ of 
Third World students on campus, as the TRITON 
TIMES and DIMENSION are organs of the 
conservative student body. The basis of the 
newspaper is the belief that people of color have 
the right to seif-<ietennination and self<ontrol, 
at the exclusion of all forces not sincerely 
dedicated to this concept. Most white liberals 
want something to do with black people. Not only 
ha ve they (you) created the situation but they 
(you) want to tell us how to solve our basic 
problems. (One of which is you). 

Manifest Destiny and Americans 
Whites stole the Indians' land and perpetrated 

genocide against them; stole the Chicanos' land 
and totally displaced them; stole hWldredS of 
millions of black people from Africa, murdered 
millions of them and enslaved the rest-all under 
the banner of manifest destiny and 
Americanism. Right now this country is trying to 
force its democratic Dick (Nixon) into the womb 
of Southeast Asia and will do a hysterectomy 
(total removal of the uterus) to keep resistance 
down, 

But there will be resistance, as long as the 
people are told the truth. Resistance to the 
whites of South Mrica, resistance to the whites 
that tried to split Nigeria for economic interests, 
resistance to the white Zionist imperialistic 
forces which sprayed napalm un thousands of 
Arab men, women and children, resistance to the 
oppression of millions of black and brown people 
in this country. 

Cornerstone of Third World Paper 
You say, "The philosophic cornerstone of that 

publication is the old (ho, hwn ) hate-the·white-
man mania." We contend that if hate-white 
sentiments were maniacal and antiquated, many 
of the world's problems would not now be 
problems at all-for when the Africans and In-
dians first saw white men, they would have 
cancelled them out inunediately. 

Committee to Defend Davis Discussed 
Getting back to your letter (we are curious as 

to why it was sent to the TRITON TIMES rather 
than to us )," you say that the CPUSA was 
spearheading in the defense of Davis and that 
Angela Davis is connected with the "Soviet type 
of CommWlism." The "official quote" was ob-
tained from one of Angela 's lawyers, Margaret 
Burnham (a fact you didn 't note ), a black lawyer 

.rYo ~. 

who graduated from the University of Penn· 
sylvania. The statement from Angela was 
acquired by the Black Student Union here. 

More important, however, is the fact that 
Angela Davis is a black woman and she is that 
first. At the first meeting of the National Com-
mittee to Defend Angela Davis, it made clear to 
the representatives of the Conununist Party and 
other interested whites that they should project 
Angela as a black freedom fighter first-and 
they agreed. We see Angela as just one of many 
who suffer outright political attacks from the 
system rather than the covert racism and 
political repreSSion all Third World people 
suffer. And she is receiving the brunt of 
Americanism because she dared to speak out. 

Third World Leaders to Receive Notice 
Concerning your reference to Mao, we state 

here that we will do short articles about major 
Third World leaders, a Third World which we 
will define, not the news media, white liberals 
or anyone else. We neither claim to side with the 
Russians nor the Chinese nor the CommWlist 
Party in the U.S. We should note that the CPUSA 
has done virtually nothing for the black 
liberation or brown liberation movements here 
and we have heard criticisms that the 
organization itself has been known to practice 
racism from time to time. 

We are not now nor have we ever claimed to be 
revolutionaries. We see your attempt to 
categorize us as such ("No true revolutionary 
would side with both the true followers of Lenin 
and the revisionists" ) as divisive and simplistic. 
When we decide to categorize ourselves, then 
you may speak. Right now, we simply present all 
sides for our readership. 

Yes, we will agree that we are all progressing 
and learning how to teU our friends from our 
enemies. With each issue, our consciousness and 
we hope the consciousness of our readers in-
creases. 

Racism is a White Phenomenon 
But, Miss siriipson, racism is markedly a 

white phenomenon, for it is designed to repress 
and subvert an entire group or race of people. 
Neither black nor brown people have ever op-
pressed whites. Nowhere in history can you 
isolate this phenomonon occurring. All we see is 
death dealt to non-white people by whites, .All we 
see is capitalism sucking the blood of not-so-
powerful countries. What you call racism might 
well be distrust and hatred for the murderers of 
our forefathers. Could you expect any less? We 
learned from what the Americans did to the 
Indians concerning their land. It just seems that 
sometimes you people (a racial generalization is 
coming up ) really don't want to hear about 
freedom, justice and equality because it means 
bringing up how much of that you haven 't let 
other freedom.loving people experience. 

So, in closing, we suggest that you take racism 
charges to the KKK or the white South Mricans 
and see how much response you get from them. 
Maybe their color will not inunediately blind you 
to the truth-that oppressed people must take 
respect-and a war for national liberation Is a 
just struggle. 

~ '" r__---.--.., 
C~Ar{Cl\.LO~Sft \ P 
Viol"'. Of C,l.~ . &~~y' 

(v~c~tJr Soorl) 

Triton Time. December I, 1970 P ... , 



Varsity and Allstars -Look Good For '71 
Rocley Halfon 
Sports Editor 

Last Tuesday UCSD presented two basketball 
games ; Varsity versus Alumni, and Muir 
Allslars against Revelle Allstars. The first 
game, between the Allstars , was scheduled to 
be a good competitive game with players 
representing both schools. J\t least that was 
what I thought. As it turned out the game was 
much more of a comical event than an all star 
game. Dave Arter who was the brain child of 
this event had a good basic idea, but he failed in 
the choosing of the teams. Revelle which 
included Dave Arter featured a tall , fast and 
powerful team. Muir which contains the 
winners of last year's tournament, was much 
less well represented. Taking nothing away 
from Fulkerson, and Warner, the Muir team 
was much outclassed, and had to finally rely on 
help from the stands. lsy Chaves, playing in his 
street clothes and barefoot, came on in the 
second quarter to spark the team. 

The Triton Times will sponsor the birth of a 
classic, "The Fish Bowl" a best out of seven 
series matching Muir and Revelle all stars. The 
teams will be chosen by the Triton Times sports 

editor. Hopefully the teams will be fair , and 
who knows we might even start some, gasp, 
school spirit. The all star games will be held 
before selected home games which will feature 
a good looking varsity. 

The varsity, in their game against the Alumni, 
showed that they have the material to have one 
of the beat teams in our brief history. Playing 
against some of the best from our past, the 
varsity managed to role out some 98 points on 
their way to a very enjoyable victory. The 
Alumni had plenty of players and rooters to 
make even their close? upset? pleasant. Such 
immortal like Babich, Dimonty, Boyd, Mosley 
and captain Marck Van Eps, held their own 
against a stronger and younger Varsity, at least 
until the first 2 minutes. After that the 
breathless Alumni had to rely on the assistance 
of the much glorified water boy, Jeff Gorell, 
handing out cups of rather dubious liquid. 

The Varsity, under coach Barry Cunningham, 
has some good returning lettermen in Brian 
Todd, and Mark Willson, also some good 
transfers in gua rd Steve M ierson , and the 
SMOC Scot Wright. all in all the 1970-71 
Basketball team will certainly be something 
worth while to see. 

Old Boat From UCLA Starts Crew 
It began on this campus three years ago in the 

fall of 1967 with a boat given us by U C L A and 
has grown during these past years to be one of 
the most competitive sports, in terms of 
intercollegiate involvement in competition, that 
exists at U C S D The sport is crew, or rowing 
if you prefer. It began here in 1967 with a boat, 
1948 vintage, which was older than most of those 
who rowed it th It first year. The next year the 
University prOVIded the team with a new boat 
and last year 2 private party donated a third 
shell to the boat~ouse . The boathouse it elf was. 
in effect, given ' 0 the University by the city, and 
is located on a JeButiful piece of land on Sa nta 
Clara point at Ihe fnrot of . MIR Glara place in 
Mission Bay. 

This equipmf nt. and these facilities enabled 
the crew team, in its second year of existence, 
to enter in coml>etition a team which eventually 
placed fourth .. mong twenty or more schools 
competing in it:. class from the west coast. Last 
year the crew powerhouses on the west coast 
included teams from Washington, U C LA , 
U C. Berkeley, Stanford and Cal Slale Long 
Bach. Against this stiff competition. our crew 
team managed to place one team fourth and 
another team fifth in the finals of their 
respective events against more than twenty-five 
school from th west coast. But enough with 
the meaningle statistic . 

Crew it If is a basically simple sport, 
consisting of a team of eight oarsmen rowing a 
specially designed boa t along a 2,000 meter 
cour . The boat, specially designed for peed 

Triton Time. December I, 1970 

and efficiency, is over sixty feet long and no 
more than twenty inches wide and is capable in 
a sprint of slightly over twenty knots. It is 
piloted and the team of oarsmen are directed by 
a coxswain who sits in the rear end of the shell. 
This description does little more than describe 
the setting while the sport itself combines 
tremendous strength and stamina with an equal 
amount of speed and liming. 

Until now I have neglected to include the 
basic problems thal the crew team faces this 
year and has 'faced in the past. The 
most important of these problems is one of a 
shortage of manpower . This year we have a 
total of four eight-man shells and one four-man 
shell at our disposal. We have room to 
accomodate at least thirty-six competitive 
oarsmen and five coxswains on our roster and 
still have enough boats to allow them all to work 
out at one time. As of now, including the 
oarsmen lha t are rowing this quarter . the total 
that we expect to have rowing next quarter 
when competition begins is a little more than 
twenty, only slightly more than half of 
potential. That is basically what this article is 
concerned with , the lack of participation and 
the attempt to recruit. Bluntly, we need you to 
row for the crew team. All that we ask is that 
you give it a try. For directions to the boathouse 
or for information abollt transportation if you 
live on campus, contact the P.E. office, any 
m mber of th erew team. or call EDNA. Our 
success and your may d pend upon your 
involvement. 

Pl ge lO 

UC/SAN DIEGO 
TRITON BASKETBALL SCHEDULE 

UCSD Mixed Doubles 
Tennis Tourney Ends 
In Fight 

Dec. 1 
Dec. 4.5 

Dec. 16 
Dec. 18 
Dec. 19 
!ltc. 23 
.lon . 5 
Jan . 8 
Jan . 12 
Jan . 16 
Jill . 18 
Jan . 22 I< 23 

Cal8epl;1t 
Cal Wlltorn Tou,nomont 
(SonolTlll sutt, 'Omon.l. USIU. UCSD) 
Un; • . of lUwa;i (Hilo) 
Chlminlde Col. 
Chu,ch Coli", of Hawaii 
Cal Stat, Dumi ...... 
Cal Baptist 
Uni • . 01 Ho ... ,i IHilo) 
UC I,.,nt 
Southern Colit. Coli. 
Bioi. 
... 11 <AI TOUfN,,*,t 
Urvi .... o.Wil, Ri.-Iido. Son Ditto) 
Cal Western 
RhodIbllnd Collego 
SonolTlll St.te 
UC D ... , 

Jan. 26 
Jan. 29 
Jan . JO 
F.b . l 
Fob . 6 
Feb. 8 
Feb . 12 
Fob. 13 
Feb. 17 
Feb. 19 
Feb. 23 
Feb. 26 

So.m.n Calif . Collego 
Red_ 

There were not only many husbands and 
wives not speaking to each other. there was 
major dissention between two teams, Ralph 
Clayman, Carol Heineman and Mary O'Flarety, 
Steve Duluraya as they fought out the last few 
points for the gigantic trophies for first place -
Saturday, November 16th. The fihal score ended 
dra matically 6-4, 2-6, and 8-6 with Carol 
Heineman and Ralph Clayman rescuing their 
trophies from their opponents in the last minute 
of play. Wwtmont 

Cal luther ... 
Cal St.tt Oom,nguu 
<AI_torn 
Cal luther.n 
Biola 

CoM:.h · Barry Cunmngham 
AsslSt.n/ ClHch. Musoltf (Ed) 
A(hI~r;c O"KIO( Howard Hunt 
Telephone' 453-2000. e.t 2275 

Sunday, November 18th Lynn McClure and 
Mark Paulsen worked hard with long rallies and 
sharp volleying to win their trophies from Kris 
Hooper and Bob Collins 4-6 , 6-2 and 6-3. 

HOME GAMES IN BOLD STARTING TIME 8 :00 PM 

This tennis tournament was sponsored by the 
Intramural Dept. and the UCSD Tennis Club. It 
well represented the entire campus with 20 
teams entered and !!tudents. faculty and staff 
participating. 

I (continued from page 14) 
strwnents of violence. Have 
mercy upon us." 

The final work will be the 
"Magnificat anima mea" by 
C.T. Pachelbel. The chorus will 
be accompanied by John Hask, 
cellist, and Rebecca Jeffers, 
harpsichordist. The choral 
groups are directed by Ron 
Jeffers_ 

Chamber Opera Program 
Two WlUSUal works will be 

presented in a chamber opera 
program in MC 409 on Tuesday, 
Dec. 8 at 8:30 p.m. 

The first piece, a chamber 
opera by the 20th century 
English composer Gustav 
Holst, is titled "Savitri." The 
opera is based on an old indian 
story from the Mahaburata. 
The work will be performed by 
the chamber orchestra and 
chorus WIder the direction of 
Thomas Nee. Featured singers 
are Christine Voight, a. muaic 
graduate student at UCSD; 

Possibilities ... 

Tom Simmons, a La Jolla 
baritone ; and John McClellan, a 
tenor from La Mesa . 

" The Emperor of Ice 
Cream ," a vivid theatrical work 
for eight voices, percussion, 
piano, and string bass, will be 
the second feature . UCSD 
faculty member Roger 
Reynolds is composer_ 

Scenery and costwnes for 
both works are by Karen 
Reynolds, staging by Mary Nee, 
and musical direction by 
Thomas Nee_ 

"Music for Conlrabassisland 
Friends" 

Contra bassist Bertram 
Turetzky will perform in a 
recital, "Music for Contrabass 
and Friends, " Wednesday, 
December 9, in MC 409. 

Turetzky, a member of the 
teaching staff of the UCSD 
Department of Millie, has more 
than doubled bla repertoire for 

I 
the contrabass since 1955, when 
he began to commission works 
by contemporary composers 
and to perform them in his 
many concert appearances. 

Through Turetzky's effort. 
musical resources of the eon-
trabass have been greatly 
expanded and exploited by 
composers. 

Eric Salzman, New York 
critic and author of "An in-
troduction to Twentieth Century 
Music," wrote in a review of 
several Turetzky recordings, 
"Turetzky_"has single-
handedly brought a whole new 
repertoire into being ... H\s taste 
and judgment are shown by the 
selection of composers ... and his 
skill and musicality are 
displayed by the ease with 
which he negotiates fearful 
difficulties of all sorts." 

All concerts are free IIIld the 
pubUc Is invited. 

Special Christmas Arts Supplement (Pages 11 -14) 

WE ARE DEFENDI NG YOUR RIGHT TO SEE IT AND 

OUR RIGHT TO SHOW IT 

THE FLA , I 

FOR THE FIRST TIME ANYWHERE , 

THE TRITON TIMES PRESENTS: 

* * "THE LEFT-HANDED FLAG! 
!" * * 

... \ 

"On Friday the police conli cated our 
left-handed flag drawing as an allegedly 
obscene depiction of tbe National 
Standard. We immediately got another 
print of a flag witb it field in the upper-
rigbt corner, and began to show it. And 
it is still showing today. 

" We feel that our con titutional rights were 
violated. On Monday we filed a lawsuit in tbe 
U.S_ Federal District Court ... defending our 
right to show the flag and your rigbt to see it. 

" It is our contelltion tbat the flag is not ulterly without 
redeeming ocial value, that it is not prurient, and that it doe 
not offend present community tandard . 

" We feel tbat ob 'cenity, like beauty. is in the e e of the 
beholder_ In tbe ca e of the current flag , tbe court will 
decide-eventually. Howe~er , in the meantime. you be the judge. 

"The left-banded flag i bing pr sen led in its entirety- exactly a it \\ as 
shown ~n Friday, prior to tbe confi cation. h i in life-like bla -.tnd-white. 

howings are continuou _ 0 minors can be allowed to ee U L nder any 
circumstan es." 

BLA K-A D-WHIT lOO ,( TOTALLY RE\ EALl l 
trictl y limit d ngagemcnl. 

Triton Times December I, 1970 

!! ! 

Page II 



Movie Revi e~ 

French Gangsters: Triton Times Best Books For Christmas 
"Merde a Bonnie et Clyde!'" 
Its kind of {unny that BorsaliDo is being billed hwnanness of the film. 

as a French Bonnie and Clyde. Arthur Penn's In BorsaliDo the main characters never get 
BoDDie aDd Clyde is a Hollywood-produced beyond being images. Belmondo is the same 
masterpiece which manages to incorporate all Belmondo seen in Plerrot Ie Fou, Breathless and 
the stylistic qualities of the French New Wave MiSSissippi Mermaid. Nothing is arlded to alter 
school of cinema. Borsalino, on the other hand, is our preconceptions of the established Belmondo 
a French-produced mediocrity which in- image. He is merely a poster to hang on the wall. 
corporates all of the self-indulgent super- In B&C Warren Beatty was not the Warren 
ficialities of bad Hollywood. Beatty of Mickey One. He was Clyde Barrow. 

Both BorsaUno and Bonnie and Clyde are Bonnie aDd Clyde has people, BorsaliDo has 
rather slickly produced stories about a couple of characters. 
gangsters who accidentally ~me murderers What disturbs me most about BorsaliDo is the 
and get pushed up to the !ll8hest ~helons ?f use of violence. In Bonnie aDd Clyde the 

law~essness. In both films Violence IS bloodiness is an essential part of the film. It is an 
realistically portrayed. and .the heroes meet a important advance from the 
bloody· death. At this pomt, however, the Bangbangyou'redead killings of television . When 
resem~lance stops. The slickness of Bonnl:e a~d a person dies, blood spurts out. Murder is 
Clyde IS to be e~ted only beca~ the film IS revolting and quite painful. When a person is 
produced by a major Hollyw~ ~tudio: Penn had shot in the face , he is not just out of the way 
all the tools he needed at. hiS fmgertlps and. he backstage, he is dying bleeding. In BorsaliDo the 
merely took advantage. of them. The beautiful killing is the bangbangyou'redead variety. Who 
costwnes, sets.and qualltr labwork we.re merely 'v s a damn when a gangster is shot? It 's only a 
the tools used m the making of a poetic work of ~I e 
cinema. The true nature of the film begins were film. 
the slickness leaves off. Who gives a damn when a Vietnamese village 

In Borsalino, the slickness is an end in itself. is burned on television? It's only a war. 
Jean-Paul Belrnondo and Alain Delon wear some No, Borsalino is not a French Bonnie and 
great suits and the cars are fun to watch but that Clyde. Yet it will appeal to the Bonnie aDd Clyde 
doesn't excuse the film 's lack of depth. In Bonnie market. . Belmondo is cute, the clothes are 
aDd Clyde Penn develops the characters into real great, you got murder, thrills, chills, and 
people- Bonnie's weltschmertz, Clyde's im- suspenSt: . It looks like Bonnie and Clyde . I 
potence all contribute to the credibility and guess that's wha t's sad. 

imian Spheroid 

After a week of finals and two weeks of reading 
to catch up on a quarter's worth of undone study, 
few of us are inclined to race out and buy Christ-
mas books to read during the vacation. However, 
you can't watch television all the time, and you 
sure as hell can't talk to your parents all the 
while. Therefore the TRITON TIMES offers this 
list of sophisticated, enjoyable books, which are 
both fun to read and impressive to leave lying 
around the olde home. They are currently avail-
able at the Matthews bookstore: 
God's MaD-A NovellD Woodcuts, by Lynd Ward 

(World Publ., $6.95): The only hardbound book 
in our group, and a great gift idea. A complete 
story told entirely without words, in_woodcut 
engravings, like the one above. ThIs Is Dot a 

Paradise For the Discriminating Shopper: 'The Jewel' 
Dave Buchbinder 

Arts W,ite, 
rummage extravaganza which is nevertheless 
nay but a downtrodden pauper's paradise; and, 
of course the Futzer Paint Store, which has an 
interestingly innovative front consisting of a 
psyc hedelic combination of radicall y 
conservative red, white and blue flora . 

Zig Zag's Fifth Avenue is certainly a 
stupendous experiment in consumer oriented 
passions. In each of its rooms, which in fact 

reUglous book, but rather is a dramatic and 
unusual tale of artists and men . 

Catch-22, by Joseph Heller (Dell, 9st): Don't see 
the movie without first reading this bestseller 
it was based on. A hilarious story of a crazy 
bombardier who is the only sane person in 
World War n. And remember one nuance of 
the infamous catch; "Catch-22 says they have 
a right to do anything we can't stop them from 
doing." 

Mother Night, by Kurt Vonnegut, Jr. (Avon, 
7st) ; A laugh~n~very-page book that your 
father \fill steal from you if you don't hide it. 
About Nazis and Jews, Dentists and the FBI, 
Communists and Sex, and other funny things. 

Snow White, by Donald Barthelme (Bantam 
95t) : Add a girl named Snow White who lives 
with seven lovers to a man who specializes in 
being loathsome to a prince figure who doesn't 
know he is and you have Barthelme's "per-
verse fairy tale for our time." Very bright, 
very modern, very successful. 

F10atlDg Opera, by John Barth (Avon, 9st): The 
super-sophisticated floating opera is "Ap-
proved by Press, Public and Clergy alike." 
The story of a day in a man's life when he 
decides to commit suicide in the morning, and 
decides not to by nightfall. Find out what 10-
hour copulations have to do with Plato, and the 
real purpose of a drummer's cymbals. 

WANIED 
See T.rry at n Office 

trite $17 ), to the equally plagiarized brass 
chokers (from ~5 ) . 

Consumer IniereSIS 
Of course though, that's not all : in fact . fo'r 

the superlative stylist, Zig Zag 's contains choice 
headgear for the utmost in Victorian 
personalities. And in natural competition with 
1M's "Ziggy's" also offers the smiling madame 
the very latest in costly peasant clothing, as 
well as the Putzy collection of " McCall 's 

Two hundred years ago, the area that is today 
known as "The Jewel". was nothing more than 
several square miles of rolling hills with some 
scattered drought ridden chapparal. But today, 
two centuries after the San Diego de Acala 
Mission was founded. "The Jewel" is the home 
of almost every type of di versified causasian 
individual imaginable. Sheltering neurotic 
·conservatives to impudent snobs, The Jewel is a 
trul y hea rt- warming exa mple of the 

,industriousness and opulent fetishes of 
Americans, which have certainly been abundant 
throughout their history. 

.... _~ __ -::=:111111::-~~~ fashions for females ". Certainly, as one 
browses through this supercilious home of 
superb merchandise, one cannot help himself 
from becoming awed by the firm 's total lack of 
unselfishness. As one browses along the well known GiraHe Avenue, one immediately takes note of the mass 

of humanity to be observed. But the supply of 
course, is defini tely limited. Traditional 
septugenarians adorned with the liniaments of 
the new age gawk in hysteria at the 
"Barbarians", whose fashions they have subtly 
confiscated. 

Young playboys wearing the latest in optical 
adornments, fro lic to and fro from bank to bank, 
in the hopes of lu ring at least one fa ir maiden 
down the road to immorali ty . 

A visit to the numerous fi rms though, is must 
for the provincial guest. For as we shall see. 
The Jewel has much to offer to anyone who can 
afford it. 

The Big " I" 
On entering I Magnanimous, in the heart of 

T J 's Cabbr : The Jewel) legendary Giraffe 
Avenue. one is immediately awe-struck by the 
pseudo-elegance of the French Provincial 
decor. Improperly positioned chai rs of 
chartreuse and off-white dot the premises 
consp;cuously. while regalesque chandeliers 
hang from the ceilings, ready to plunge down 
upon the unwary consumer. 

The mercha'ldise of IM 's is also a sight to 
behold. Its Vi ried racks contain everything 
from the ver~ latest in felt peasant clothing 
(from a modes $19) , to the sophisticated " now" 
look of highly ~'ynthetic furs 1 reasonably priced 
from $225 ). On~' also amaze(! oy the iUl'sir:n!; 
collection of pr JCessed leather be lts. 

" Migbty Fortress 
Moving on down the street to our next 

emporium, Zig Zags Fifth Avenue. we notice the 
throbbingly m: 'sterious facades of fi rms, which 
lend to TJ a truly glamourous cosmopolitan 
impression. uo()king around , one can view the 
tru ly impressive front of the T J Jewelers which 
is a tru ly unique d sign, drived from the Spanish 

olonial Fortress Period Thi stately structure 
also utilizes the extremely ingeniou and 
primord ia l concept of declension of ca m nts. 
Other pectacular facades belong to the 
Hardway Supermarket which resembles none 
other than a Broadway playhouse. the TJ Thrift 
Shop which gives one the impression of a posh 

Triton Times December I, 1970 PIgel2 

have been ignominiou Iy dubbed after regal 
phra seology (e. g. Regency Room, Young Elite 
Room ) one can joyfully discover the latest in 
Women ' acc ssori s, from the "hip" leather 
purses borrowed from the counterculture (a 

Moving on down Giraffe, we come to that 
metropolitan focal point of exquisite 
personalized gifts, Bob and Ica 's Imports. The 
happy patron is greeted to this firm by the 
somewhat pungent odor of freshly varnished 
maple. Band l's is imbued with the archaic as 
well as the futuristic . It is filled with a prophet's 
memories as well as nostalgist's dreams. For 
the contemporary connoisseur of fine 
furni hing, Bob and lca offer you the 
temperature controlled water bed (from as low 
as $449l. Remarking smugly upon the subject. 
one customer interjected, " How can you wet a 
Water Bed?" 

For a truly symbolic gift that the recipient 
will privately cherish for years however, the 
importers offer you the sweeping accents of 
gargantuan fur pillows (at a very convincing 
$129 ), or handsome papyrus mobiles ($6 ). Bob 
and lea 's is certainly a must for the impulsive 
capitalist! 

Slick Salesmen 
Of course, no description of The Jewel's fine 

firm s could be accurately presented , without 
some comment on their fine salesmen. At all of 
our stops, we noted the impeccable service tha t 
the unwary customer ultimately receives. And 
naturally this is accented by the urge to wisely 
invest in the shops' merchandise . Many are the 
times when a delighted shopper ultimately 
discerns that he has been victimized by the sly 
and cunning of the noble yet cra[ty clerk. 

Once again strOlling down our beloved 
Giraffe, one can take note of Stock Market 
averages conveniently posted in on firm 's 
window. A TJ legend has it, that this is done so 
that the compulitive individual may readily 
determine his or hers daily financial status. 

And so, as the sun slowly sinks into the 
shimmering sea silhou tling the familiar height 
controlled skyline, we bid adieu to The Jewel of 
the Pacific, solemnly hoping that we too may 
someday be a part of its wisely discriminating 
population . 

Art Supplement 

Mod.rn living 

The Plastic Fantastic Jellosprite Spoof 

For centuries, from the 
formal serenity of the 
Japanese garden to the 
natural euphony of the New 
England pond, man has 
sought to immerse himself 
in the peace and tranquility 
of that most vital of a II 
substances·-water. He has 
sought the life-giving 
potency of the spring 
thundershower , and the 
wise mysteriousness of the 
clean autumn mists. He has 
settled along seashores and 
built his noblest cities on the 
banks of great river~. Water 
has been the cornerstone, 
the connecting link between 
man and nature ; he has 
honored it in song, he has 
defied it in religion. 

But in these days of dying 
lakes and choking rivers, of 
inland high rise cities and 
sterile concrete highways, 
man has lost his natural 
relationship with water, his 
capacity for commu:ting 
with nature in its essential 
form. Techonology has been 
responsible for much of this 
erosion of aJ/inity, but now 
technology has partially 
redeemed itself with one of 
the greatest feats of man 
since Christ walked the Sea 
of Galilee-·--the Water Bed . 

The water bed is a mar-
velously simple invention : a 
plastic en velope full of 
water, much Ii/rce a huge hot-
water bottle, with the 
properties of a large slab of 
jello. It comes in a variety of 
.hapes and siu. and , 
althou,h it may weigh as 
much a, 1000 pound. when 

Jay Gillette 
Arts Writer 

full, is light enough when 
empty for even a child to 
carry. Lying, sleeping, or 
making love on a water bed 
gives one heady feelings 
that probably only Christ 
and waterbugs have felt 
heretofor. 

With the salubrious and 
regenerative qualities of the 
water bed in 1J1ind, the 
Triton Times offers its 
suggestion for a most 
unusual and festive means 
for brightening this year's 
yuletide ambiance : a 
watersprite party . Of 
course, one must provide 
one's own sprites. but the 
other necessities can be 
procured through local 
merchants . We used a king 
size water bed (J & S En-
terprises, $99 .50) draped 
with an exquisite Persian 
rug (Cost Less Imports. 
$27.50). Son et Lumi~re 
effects were achieved with a 
Craig 1504 stereo receiver 
system (Hamilton 's, $99.95) 
and an imported royal 
beeswax candle (Cost Less. 
$4.49). Our model wore a 
Cordoroy and Leather 
Carcoat ($60.00), and Italian 
apache scarf ($10.00), and 
Hombre. the man's cologne 
(15.00), all from Stuard's 
Men's Store. Our potation 
was Korbel Brut Cham-
pagne (Jonathan's La Jolla, 
$9.95 per magnum) and our 
subliminal liberation was 
provided by wine-cured 
Alcapulco Gold (Nefarious 
Importers , Inc ., $25.00 an 
ounce) smoked through a 
TurJdsh water pipe (Cost 

Less, $24.99). 
Mistletoe , holly, and 

Western Christmas 
decorations could be 
utilized, but we preferred 
Indian prints and other 
Eastern motifs. At our party 
the /loor-Ievel water bed 
was surrounded w ith 
sheepskin fur railings, and 
filled to perhaps three-
quarters of its capacity, so 
as to provide the rather 
startling sensation of 
walking (or lying) on the 
surface of the sea. With 
every movement of each 
person, the bed undulated 
with criss-crossing wave 
patterns, simulating the 
delightful feeling of being 
aboard a small boat . 
Jestingly , som e of our 
partygoers declared 
themselves to be seasick in 
our own landlocked living 
room! Later, in order to 
achieve greater in· 
terpersonal fulfillment 
through tactile awareness, 
our sybarites doffed their 
garments , and settled into 
sensuous tranquility. 

Lying on the water }Jed, in 
harmony with oneself and 
fellow men, one can feel 
once more the ancient 
mysteries of the world 's 
most precious gift , Its 
bountiful water. In serentity 
and concord, with pleasure 
and warmth, there is no 
better way to celebrate the 
spirit of the season. And to 
end as a modern day Santa 
Claus might, we wish 
"Merry Christmas to all, 
and to all a good sprite! " . 

a 

Conctrt Review 

An Evening of Orchestral Music 
With the San Diego Symphony 

larry Johnson 
Arts W ,ite, 

We've all had enough Beethoven for a while after the past 
year's year·long Beethoven binge. so the three B's for last 
weeks concert of the San Diego Symphony wa Bach. Brahms, 
and Bartok. This represents quite a range, and I believe the 
symphony is to be congratulated for mixing them up like that. 
This way. the concert has more balance, and members of the 
audience may find themselves introduced to something new 
Until the last concert. for instance. I had never realized that I 
could like Bartok. (I could stand it. but that wa aboutall I 

The orche tra rendered an excellent performance of 
Bartok· "Music for String Instrument . Percussion. and 
Celesta" . (A celesta, in case I'm not the only one who dldn't 
know, i an instrument. having a piano-like keyboard. in which 
the music is made by hammers stnking metal plates.) In this 
fascinating piece. the composer draw together a number of 
different styles of music. from very primitive. to very 
sophisticated . urprisingly, instead of an unpalatable 
heterogeneous hodgepodge. the result is a very attractive well 
blended synthe i . The composition thoroughly engages the 
emotions. but is very difficult. The orchestra achieved a very 
good balance with it. creating a most pleasing effect The 
percussion sectIOn came through especially well 

Bach's Bra ndenburg Concerto 'a. 4 wa marked by 
genera lly good work by the oloist , two flutes and a Violin In 
this concerto. the composer did a superlative job of blending 
the various instrumental group . nfortunately the orche tra's 
blend ing job was no where near a good as Bach's They were 
rather ragged at points. and it didn 't me'h very well . It wa not 
up to their usual standards. 

Much better wa the Brahm ymphony o. 1 In C Minor. 
While not letter perfect. th y capt~r€:j well the spirit and 
elaquen e of this elegant piec . Til pirit of a live 
p rforman e is one thlDg even th be r cord cannot fully 
captur . and hf're lh orchestra ju tified It If. Thi symphony 
carne ward th end of the Rom nti F.ra. but jot wa~ mOf" 
than a Romanti compo ilion: it d mu h to urn up musical 
hi tory to that point. It made a fitti ng final to a well pent 
evening. 

The n xt concert come at the end of finals w ek. D c. 10-1 L 
It wilr be a pecial Christmas concert, featuring Bach. and 
some hri tma Music based on M . Ican Carol . ( ee 
pos ibilitie ) I am looklDg forward to it. 

Arts Supplement 

Triton Times December I, 1970 Page 13 



Review 

ATOM HEART MOTHER 
-Pink Floyd 

Kenneth Barnes 
Arts Writer 

Pink Floyd, upon the release of their sixth album, Atom 
Heart Motber, appears to be on the brink of substantial 
American success. After several hectic tours, equipment rip-
offs, uninformed critical putdowns, mystified audiences and 
mediocre sales, it would seem to be about time for England 's 
foremost experiental band to establish itself where the dollars 
are. 

To this end, the new album is getting the benem or their 
label 's (EMI Harvest, an English subsidiary of Capitol, 
specializing in the outr€ and the uncommercial ) big~est 
promotional campaign to date- underground publicatIOns 
everywhere have been plastered with an appealingly bucolic 
portrait of a limpid-eyed Her-erord (or Guernsey ; don't quote 
me on the brand name'), the dominant motif of the album 's 
cover art ; and there's a tour too, just completed and 
apparenUy quite successful (example : the group 's enthusiastic 
reception at the Sunrise concert here ). 

On listening to the LP, . though. there arise doubts as to its 
mass salability; there is a pervasive Zappaesque " no 
commerical potential" ambience about it-not that Pink Floyd 
resembles the Mothers particularly, but they're not too much 
like Grand Funk either. 

But then the group has always been considered rather 
bizarre. In 1966, they began to tour the smaller British 
bal1rooms, boggling unprepared audiences with the - first 
indigenous English light shows and discordant 2~minute 
forays into atonal electronics and shrieking feedback. At that 
time the group was organized under the eccentric aegis of Syd 
Barrett, who later flipped out and left the group for the refuge 
of a sanitarium. He wrote their first hits : " Arnold Layne" 
(about a churlish clothes fetishist) and "See Emily Play", 
which was decidedly freaky and hit the British top ten, 
establishing them solidly, although they've never had another 
chart single. 

Bizarre BegiDDiDg 
The first album bore the strong imprint of Barrett's bizarre 

personality-intriguing tales of gnomes and scarecrows, fairy 
kingdoms and phenomenal cats, a song using the text or the 
24th hexagon or the I Ching for lyrics, and an innovative 
instrumental cut called " Interstellar Overdrive", prOjecting 
the bleak emptiness of the intergalactic wastes on the first 
starship journey; it was startling as hell when it came out in 
the summer of 1967. The second LP, a year later and sans 
Barrelt (save for a semi-autobiographical paranoiac ditty 
called "Jugband Blues"), was even spacier, with three 
extended science fiction cuts ; notably the ll-minute title cut 
"Saucerfull of Secrets", perhaps even more impressive than 
"Overdrive". 

This album failed to get off the ground in this country, and a 
contemporaneous tour provoked little comprehension and less 
appreciation. The group returned to England, and cranked out 
a soundtrack Cor a widely ignored French film ("More" ), 
which featured some extraordinarily pretty songs and a couple 
more conventional driving rockers. (In other soundtrack 
activities , Pink Floyd conlributed three fine numbers to the 
"Zabriskie Point" album, and had many more rejected-they 
were originally to do the entire track until Antonioni reneged ; 
and are currently scoring a ballet based on Proust and starring 
Rudolf Nureyev. ) 

Double Set 
Finally the group released a double album last fall , 

cryptically emitled " Ummagumma," and split between a live 
performance and a studio record. The stUdio set is divided into 
four suites, one by each group member, wi th bassist and leader 
Roger Waters' cuts standing out- particularly "Grantchester 
Meadows" , a lovely pastoral acoustic piece, topped off by an 
intensely aggravating recording of a highly pernicious bee 
which buzzes around the studio and in and out of your 
earphones until it is happily dispatched by a timely swat. 
. The live material is of a consistently high standard : fluid, 
tight, powerful and heavily suffused with the interstellar 
motif ; but it suffers somewhat in comparison to actual 
subsequent group performances. Last spring Pink Floyd 
undertook an extensive American tour, sporting a massive 
array of amplification and electronic effects, including their 
pride and joy- an "azimuth coordinator" which, when 
" mixed" by organist Rick Wright with an apparatus 
resembling a small paddle in a bucket, controllably scatters 
sound in all directions throughout the concert area (in my case, 
Fillmore West), whereupon the sound rebounds to bombard the 
bemused audience from all corners. The effect wa~ staggering, 
and in combination with the icy brilliance or the group's 
material and their tightly controlled, expert performance, won 

a thunderous reception from the jaded Bay Area patrons. 
Atom Heart 

Which brings us to that "brink or success" jive once again , 
and indirectly leads to a review or the group's latest opus , 
Atom Heart Mother. It is a significant departure for them, 
particularly in terms of the unprecedented instrumental and 
vocal augmentation featured on the album-a battery of horns 
and strings, and the John Aldiss Choir (on the "Atom Heart 
Mother Suite") . 

POSSIBILITIES 
San Diego Symphony 10 
Present Latin-
Ameri(an Christmas 

Because featured guest 
artist Carol Neblett will not be 
able to make her scheduled 
appearances on Dec. 10 and 11, 
the San Diego Symphony Or-
chestra will play a Latin-
American Festival of Christ-
mas Music as well as the Bach 
" Magnificat" . Especially 
designed for this holy season by 
Zoltan Rozsnyai, music director 
and conductor of the Orchestra, 
this will feature the 

160 voices of the San 
Diego SymphoQic Chorale and 

Grossmor t College Concert 
at Civil' Theatre, plus an 

nr,·h ... :tr",l pr )miere . 
thl! program will be 

y Sa: 2:01a' s Overture to 
EsclaY( 's Felices (The 

Happy S\ave~) . The charm and 
freshness of • his work remains 
undiminished smce its premier 
in 1819. Livhg a lifetime of 
creativity In 1 brief 20 years as 
composor, virtuoso and 
teacher , Arriga 's lovely 
musical legacy continues to 
enchant. 

The Incomparable 
"Magnificat" will again herald 
the birth of our Lord with love 
and devotion, as it has for the 
past 247 years. David Glissman 
will conduct the Chorale and 
Choir in this magnificent 

OloraJe soloists will be 

first soprano Tami Asalrura; 
second soprano Marilyn Rue; 
alto Delphina Green; tenor Ken 
Remo; and basso Cleve Gen-
zlinger. 
• Written in all probability for 
Christmas Day Vespers in 1723, 
the work ranges from a gentle 
submissiveness to soaring 
joyousness, as the text changes, 
This fervently religious work 
was composed during the 
Leipzig Years, one of the most 
trying periods in Bach's life 
which he himself describes as 
fraught with "continual 
vexation, envy and per-
secution". 

"We hope to make a unique 
Christmas program an annual 
event", said John Willett, 
General Manager. 
Tickets for the Dec. 10 and 11 

concerts are available at the 
Civic Theatre Rill! Office 
(telephone 236-6510) and Metro 
Ticket agencies. 

Music Department 
Concerts For the 
Quarter's End 

The first fortnight in 
December will feature a host of 
music department programs. 
The material on the concerts 
will range from Teleman to 
tape , from oboe to the 
contrabass. 

The first program to be given 
will be at noon on Thursday, 
Dec. 3, in Me 409. This will be a 

Triton Tlmn December I, Plge 14 

lecture concert by 
percussionist John Grimes 
en titled " Implied Body 
Movement in Works for 
Multiple Percussion." 

This is the first presentation 
in a two-part study of the 
relationship of body motions to 
solo performance on several 
percussion instruments. The 
program includes Charles 
Woorinen's "Janissary Music," 
" The Wonderful Widow of 
Eighteen Springs" by John 
Cage, and Donald Erb's 
"Diversion for Two." Assisting 
Grimes will be trumpeter Jack 
Logan, and Bonnie Barnett, 
pianist. 

Grimes, a graduate student at 
UCSD, received his Bachelor of 
Music degree from the 
University of Miami. Presently 
a member of the San Diego 
Symphony, he has performed 
with the Miami Philharmonic, 
the American Wind Symphony, 
and the Dartmouth 
Congregation of the.-AJ:ti. Or-
~tra. 

Flute and Oboe Recital 
That evening a recital by oboe 

and English horn player Nora 
Post will be presented in MC 409 
at 8:30 p.m, 

Miss Post, a Junior at John 
Muir College, is majoring in 
theoretical studies of music. 
She has attended the JulUard 
School of Music, Interlachen 
Arts Academy, North Carolina 
School of the Arts, and North-
western Unl verlity . Her 

previous concert appearances 
include Boston, ChIcago, Expo 
'67 and the New York World 
Fair of 1964. 

The program will include 
Telemann's A-minor Oboe 
Concerto, "CInque Frarnrnenti" 
by Donald Martino, Gunther 
Schuller's Sonata for Oboe and 
Piano, and "castro Nora" by 
Ben Johnston. Performing with 
Miss Post will be Nancy 
Turetzky, flute; Bertram 
Turetzky, contrabass ; Louise 
Spizizen, harpsichord; Alexina 
Louie, piano; and James 
Campbell, audio_ 

Christmas Music 
The UCSD Chamber Chorus 

and Women's Chorus will 
present a concert of Christmas 
music in the Cluster I Library at 
8 P.M. on Saturday, December 
5. 

Opening the concert will be 
Telemann's joyful and spirited 
Concerto No. 6 in A minor 
played by instrumentalists 
Nora Post, Nancy Turetsky, 
Louise Spizizen, and Bertram 
Turetsky. 

Joy Hujsak, harpist, will 
accompany the UCDS Women's 
Chorus in Benjamin Britten's 
"A Ceremony of Carols." 
Britten, who is one of England's 
leading composers, gave this 
piece a medieval navor, and the 
chorus will sing it in Middle 
English. 

The two carols by Alfred Burt 
to be sung by the OIamber 

The suite is perhaps Pink Floyd's most ambitious work to 
date, covering somp. 24 minutes divided into six movements 
with delectably piquant titles like "Breast Milky" and " Funky 
Dung". The main theme, introduced with a horn-embellished 
fanfare , is a compelling hook Cor the rest of the piece, which 
involves a considerable quantity of vocals of a choir-
characteristic nature, tractor noises, piercing guitar , 
moderately heavy orchestral passages, and some tastefully 
atonal sound effects in the grand Pink Floyd tra<!ition. The 
suite holds together well , all told; the Aldiss Choir is an OK 
chorale if you like that sort of thing, and for a 24-minute work, 
the drag time is held to a highly commendable minimum. It's 
really quite involving, and is a work eminently worthy of 
respect. However, it does not have the chillingly forceful effect 
of some of their earlier extended pieces; and may serve only to 
baffle uninitiated listeners with its length and strangeness, as 
well as disturb devotees of the group's earlier work with its 
dramatic change of direction. 

The other side, exceptionally lengthy at 28'h minutes, is for 
the most part quiet, pretty and melodic. Roger Waters' "If" is 
a lovely ballad, with restrained and effective slide guitar work. 
"Summer '68" by Rick Wright is also quite pretty, with 
trademarked breathy vocals and ethereal harmonies ; while 
guitarist David Gilmour's " Fat Old Sun" (faintly reminiscent 
of the Kinks) is cut from the same mold , though slightly less 
memorable. The final cut, " Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast" 
(Alan is their road manager) , is perhaps more in the 
" traditional" Pink Floyd vein, with grease-spatter effects and 
other such aural oddities interspersed with some unusually 
constructed piano riffs and (again ) some quite pretty acoustic 
instrumental passages. 

EstabUgbiDg Record 
All in all , Atom Heart Motber (named after a pregnant 

woman kept alive by an atomic heart. The bovine nature of the 
cover artwork reflects a desire on the part of the group to keep 
the art simpl!;! and pastoral; the cattle-itic agent in the cover's 
design is the fine British artistic aggregation Hipgnosis, and 
it 's pretty good if you like cows) is an excellent album which 
maintains a continuously high level of consistency and 
imagination for Pink Floyd , one of the most dedicated and 
far-ranging experimentally-oriented groups extant; and if all 
goes well , if the old fans can make the transition, and larger 
numbers of neophyte consumers can be turned on to the 
material , then Pink Floyd should establish a secure 

I commerical and artistic reputation in the United States at last. 

DISCOGRAPHY 

Piper At The Gates Of Dawn (Columbia-U.K.; the U.S. 
version is severly truncated) July '67 
A Saucerfull Of Secrets (Tower) , July 1968. 
Soundtrack from " More" (Tower) , June 1969. 
Ummagumma (EM! Harvest ), October 1969 (two-record set). 
Best Of The Pink Floyd (EMI-Dutch; a superb collection of 
their mostly unavailable singles and flip sides) , December 
1969. 

Atom Heart Mother (EMI Harvest ), October 1970. 

Chorus come from a unique 
family Christmas tradition. 
Each year Alfred , his father 
Rev. Burt, and the church 
organist composed a carol, bad 
it printed, and sent it as a 
Olristmu card. These charm-
ing long. depict domestic 
Clritamaa scenes, 

The lean and vigorous 
Colonial America sounds of the 
carols by William Billings and 

William Walker will lie followed 
by the "Collect for chorus and 
electronic sounds" by Pulitzer 
prize winner Leslie Bassett_ The 
tape accompaniment heightens 
the expression of the "Collect" 
which is concerned with the 
conditions and choices of 
contemporary soCiety~We 
have put our trust In this world 
and have taken refuge In In-

I (continued on page 10) 

T.n.,.. ... Wlllllm', A STREET CAR NAMED DESIRE W"'M 
' .. '1"'-.11 ..... ' ...... Mill'''' In Old Town, 

t 

TUESDAY, 
December! 

LECTURES- noon . USB 2622 : 
AMES Fluid Dynamics Film 
Series. Title of film-" Magneto-
hydrodynamics ... 

noon . 409MC Recital Hall . 
technical seminar on "Sound 
Movement by Electronic 
Mean ." Roger Reynolds. 
moderator. 

1 :30 p.m.. HI.. 1148 : Solid 
State Physics Seminar ; Dr. G. 
Dunifer. Bell Telephone 
I..aboratories. "High Wave-
Vector Magnetoplasma Waves 
in Alkalis." 

RADIO-ll p.m .. KFMB 760: 
Dr Jeoflry B Gordon . Clinical 
Instructor in Community 
Medicine. will be guest on 
"Topic" to discuss "Hospital 
and Community Affa irs. ,. 

SPORTS-all day. Intramural 
Sports Office: signup for 
intramural swimming. 

TV-noon. Channel 10: Dr. 
John Goodkind. associate 
prolessor of physics. and Bruce 
Morden . AS Commissioner for 
Community Service . will 
appear on " oon ews" to 
discuss "Community 
Interaction. " 

A Sluffed T .rlilla, 
A Jug of Wine 
and Thou-

Mexican Food 
at its best 
like wow! 

Cas. 

AI Jones 
160 Garne. 

Pacific 
leach 

folk arts 
IIluIS, folk JIZZ, 

rack on record 
lisa : potttry, jew.lry, 
lelther, 

hind midi clothts 
3753 indil 

(corner wlShington 
Inti indil, 

?AC~r~C 
YAMA~A 

complete sales 
& service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
1551 ,Irnlt IVI 
.!Icific lI,aclt 274-6343 

COMMUNITY ' BLOOD BANK' 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONOILS 
for selYic. 
Tu . thru Fri. 

9;30 - 7:30 
Sat, 9:30 - 5;30 

Closed Sun, " Moo. 
233· 8328 

WEDNESDAY, 
December 2 
LECTURES-4 p.m" 307 
Vaughn Hall . SID ; Marine 
Chemistry Seminar. Dr . Jim 
Galloway will speak on a topic 
to be announced. 

4 p.m" HL 1166 ; Dr . Roberta 
Salper . " Conlemporary 
Literature in Cuba ." 

4 p.m" USB 2722 : Physics 
Colloquim : Dr. R. Gould. 
.. Absorplion of Photons 
Traversing Cosmic 
Distances." 

4:30 p.m .. 2105 Bonner Hall. 
Biology Seminar : Dr . Sam 
Barondes. " Brain Protein 
Metabolism : Some Special 
Aspects." 

7:30 p.m.. 2C-UIO. Muir : 
Sociology Colloquim : 
Professor Seymour Lipset. 
Harvard University. "The 
Politics of Unreason.:' 

TV-7:30 p.m .. Channel 15 : Dr. 
Hannes Allven. recent obel 
prize winner . will be 
interviewed on the 
"Encounter" press eries. 

8:30 p.m.. Channel 15 : 
" Civilisation " series 
continues. A tv set will be in 
the Hu manities Annex of the 
HI.. Building for those wishing 
to view this program. 

SPORTS-ail day . Intramural 
Sports Office: ignup continue 
for intramural swimming. 

THURSDAY, 
December 3 
CAREER SEMINAR-9-10 
a.m .. Career Edu cation 
Planning Center. 250MC east 
wing : General Research 
Corporation . In terested 
students wilh a Ph.D. in 
computer sc ience or 
communications engineering 
may arrange for individual 
interviews to follow the 
seminar. General Research is 

interested - in people with 
experience in ' large scale 
systems or tra ming in radar or 
data processing. Opportunities 
also exist in design and 
analy is for soc ial and civil 
systems. U.S. Ci tizenship 
required. 
LECTURES- noon Sumner 
Auditi orium : Sumnernoon 
Series . Franklin Kosdo n. 
.. African Scenes and Animals." 

1:30 p.m . 3070 USB : Plasma 
Physics Seminar; Dr. David 
Southworth. UCI..A. "On Low 
Frequency Oscillations in a 
High-Beta Pia rna ." 

2 p.m.. 7104 Urey Hall : 
AMES Fluid Mechanics 
Seminar; Dr . Donald Collins. 
Ca lTech . "Recent Laboratory 
Investigations of Sonic Boom 
Phenomena ... 

4 p.m .. USB 2622 . 
Astrophysics-Space Physics 
Seminar, Dr. Gillett. "Infrared 
Observations of Cool Stars." 

4 p.m. HI.. AUO : Profe sors' 
Inaugural Lecture Series. 
Profe sso r Brun e . 
"Earthquakes in Southern 
California : Understanding 
Th eir Me chani sm and 
Reducing Their Hazard." 
MUSIC-noon. 409MC Recital 
Ha ll : " Impli ed Bod y 
Movement in Work for 
Multiple Percussion." a 
lecture-recita l by John Grimes. 

8:30 p.m.. 409MC Recital 
Hall : Oboe and English horn 
recital by ora Post Free. 
SPORTS-all day. Intramural 
Sports Office. signup for 
intramural swimming. 

FRIDAY, 
December" 
CAREER SEMINAR-9-10 
a.m .. 4214 P C Bldg.: Proctor 
and Gamble ; interested 
students with a Ph 0 in 
chemistry may arrange for 
individual interview which 
will follow Ihe seminar Call 
the Career Education Planning 
Centt'r. ext. 2401. to arrange 
interviews. 
LECTURES-3 p.m . Informal 

nnouncement 

waftlN STAn UNIVIUITY 

COLLEGE OF LAW 
.nnounc.s 

the st.rt of n.w cI ..... 
at its campus in 

SAil DIIGO 
new ecce,ti"l ",e" e,,4 we",e" 
wh. he". e MiniMUM .f either; 

• I,.. •• f 0< • .,'_10 , ...... 
. ............. ... 

• _12 ... 1In ............ , ....... 
MIll" ... ""' .. ..., of_. 
(,. ........... ~ ... ,~ 

INIOLL NOW '01 
fI.IU".' .th CLAIiIS 
(a.tft • .,.114 "'eIIl., C ...... , 

................ -. .. , ...... 

Fro .. t •• 4 "C" St .... t. 
(." •• Ite th,l.w lI~,.ry' 

St. 01 ... 
232-6506 

Triton Tim •• December I, 1970 'age 15 

Lounge . Revelle Commons. 
Philosophy Colloquium ; John 
Wisdom will speak on a topic to 
be announced 

3:30 p.m.. HI.. 1166 . Mr. 
Charles Phelps. University of 
Chicago "The Demand for 
Health Insurance ' Theory and 
Empirical Results .. 

4 p.m.. 2A-7421 Muir : 
Mathemati cs Co lloquim ; 
Professor Julia Robinson. 
UCB . " Hi lber t ' s 10th 
Problem .. 
MOVIES-7:30 p.m .. USB 2722 . 
Friday Nite Flicks. comedy 
shorts with Our Gang. Three 
Stooges. Laurel and Hardy. and 
Charlie Chaplin. 
MUSIC-8:30 p.m" 409MC 
Recital Hall : recital of pieces 
by graduate composers and 
guest composer Harry Partch 
Free. 
THEATER -8'30 p.m .. 
Anomaly Factory previews the 
January production " lYE." 
Admission 50 cents. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
. eed someone to ta lk to or 

information about JudaIsm. 
come and talk to the Jewi h 
Students As socia tion 
repre entative located in the 
JSA office in 250MC. ext. 1943. 
or call Wendy at 453-3449. 

UC Extension Winter Quarter 
Copies of the winter issue of 

EXPLORE . a quarterly 
bulletin announcing courses 
and programs offered by the 
University of California 
Extension . will be mailed to 
San Diego area residents this 
week . 

- A total of 225 courses and 
conferences will be offered 
during the winter quarter 
which begin Januarv 4. 
EXPLORE contains complete 
information on In tructors. 
cla 's lo(,a tions and enrollment 
fees. 

Copie of EXPLORE are 
ava ilable fre at the Extension 
Office. 100MC. next to the 
registrar' s office. 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Services 

Persons needing help in passing 
proficiency in German or 
tutoring in German. Contact 
Mr. Werner Mayr X 2765 or 453-
8296 

Typing-I BM-Resonable 
rates-Call 488-3t88_ 

Faculty and Students. 
Grants available testing con-
sumer products , Minimum of 
strings attached. For info write 
Gable 6648 Muirlands, La Jolla . 

Typing ... Experieneed typist ... lum 
papers, Ihe i . Eleelrie typewriter. 

. 'Will ~o ruoh job •. 453-6835. 

DISTINTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8888 

PROFESSIONAL TYPI G - 'Fast 
service rea ooable rates satis-
faction guaranteed medical and 
technical typing our specialty. Call 
277-2$61 after 5:00 p.m. 460-0543 

Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 
Try James Automotive Service 
American and Foreign Cars 
Repairs and Polution control. 
Student Discount 7748 Herschel 
La Jolla (in the rear) 459-9181 
Find the Photo Shack in La Jolla 
and get your films developed well 
but cheaply ; near afeway, near 
Texaco. Kodak and Minolta 
camera and accessorie . 
20 slide at ) 

I 1.19 
super 8 movies ) 

For Sale 
Waterbeds regularly $100 
speda I U5 see the m at 
Waterworks 3838 Mission Blvd, 
Mission Beach 4'8-3111 

Bean and a Ifalla sprouter with 
instructions and seed packets 
S3 . Box 2422 Van Nuys, Calif. 
91404 
-------

COSMETICS. For ' -25( Sam-
ples of Randal non-allergic 
Cosmetics, (made from fruits, 
herbs, ferns, flowers, etc. and 
no harmful chemicals) send 
only 1.00 to Randall Cosmetics 
P.O. Box 2019, La Jolla, Calif. 
State of skin is dry, normal, or 
combination. 

Brand new Minolta MG 16 with 
flash foot . S35 or best offer. 
Must sell. Ca II Mark 755-3990 

68 VW Sedan excelieDl condo iSS-
6031 or see Valerie. HI.. 1034 
Triumph classic "speedtwio" 500. 
Engine rebuilt 1970. SS25. Call Doug 
after S p.m. 222-2879. 

550 One Raleigh Folding 
Bicycle purchased new in April and 
used only lightly. color blue, 3-
peed Sturmey-Archer gears. The 

girls bike i suitable 101 an adult or 
child. Please phone ext. 1791 or 4;3-
5878 after 7 p. m. 
'67 Chevelle 55396 Gold con-
vertable. 755-3990 
You are cordially invited to a 
special pre-Christmas under S50 
sale. December 5 and 6. 
FABULOUS GIFTS! UN -
BELIEVABLE BUYS! at THE 
ART CENTER, 1159 Camino 
Del Mar for info call 755-1630 all 
artists and craftsmen are in-
vited to sell their wares. 

Wanted 
Wanted: Vocalist , Bassist, 

Drummer and otber musicians who 
seriously want to gig. Call Rod 
x2240 or 75!>-8701 evenings. 

Rider wanted to NYC leaving Dec. 
12. Prefer girl or couple. 582-0551. 
evenings. 

OPERATION SU RVIV AL ' 
TECHNOCRACY'S FINAL PREDICTION 

"When our consumption of extraneous (machine ) energy reache 200,000 kJlogram 
calories per capita per day, our obsolete, politically-maintained PrIce System will 
become inoperable, and will self-destruct," 

At that time, we wil1 have more people unemployed (currently 4-1/2 to 5-1/ 2 million ) 
and on welfare (currently 12-1/ 2 million) than there are wage~arners to support them ! 

(Right now, over 98%of the Energy used in producing and distributing Goods & Ser-
vices is Machine Energy ; less than 2% is Human Energy, and Industry is only about 7% 
automated as yet). 

This 200,000 k/ c is the maximum tolerance of our present Economy (which necessi-
tates the maintenance of a SCARCITY of all vital Goods and Services in order to 
maintain PRICE and PROFIT) to the impact of technology. This signals the inevitable 
crack-up of our Monetary Price System. 

At this point, when there is no longer sufficient money available to pay wages (and 
taxes) -TRANSPORTATION, POWER and COMMUNICATIONS stop! And when you 
STOP an Economy utilizing 12 Billion Horsepower, travelling at supersonic speed-un-
lovely things happen FAST! 

New York recently received a MILD object lesson when only POWER went dead for a 
short time. 

With POWER, TRANSPORTATION and COMMUNICATIONS all dead, most major 
cities will be ablaze within a few hours (no Communications to report fires , no Trans-
portation to get to them, no Water-pressure to fight them); garbage will pile up in the 
streets, with resultant rats and pollution running rampant within days ; store shelves will 
quickly become bare, and with this situation ATIONAL--thl're 's nowhere to go for 
help! 

Technocracy predicted this inevitable, verifiable, measurable , cdlapse on our obso-
lete Price System OVER 40 YEARS AGO, ba ed on FACTS which any Scientist worth his 
salt could VERIFY ! 

But Americans have been too busy "making a fast buck" to be interested. Also the 
News Media have kept their "Gentlemen's Agreement" with Politics and Big Business 
for the past 40 years, to suppress, villUy and distort Tecnnocracy 's lo'A ' I'UAL iN-
FORMATION at every possible opportunity, 

Technocracy's 11 other Major Predictions have occurred right on schedule_ 
Would you care TO BET YOUR UFE that Technocracy Is wrong on THIS one? For the 

majority of our present populatiOn will most probably NOT survive any transition 
beyond this point! 

HOW MUCH TIME DO WE HAVE? That, too, is measurabl . OPERATION SUR-
VJVAL, P.O. Box 2019 La Jolla Calif. 92037. 

NOll \fZIN\f!)~ llK>lId-NON 



, . 

'-'. .• 
• ,T 

* 
* 
* 
* 
* * 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* * 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* * -. 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* * 
* * 
* 
* 
* / 

••••••••••••••• ~ ••••••• ~ •••••••••••••••••• * 

, 

rlon 
, , 

Imes IS es 

ver one 
, 

easons ree In s 
•• 

1 
~ 


