
REAGAN CLOSES UC, COLLEGES 
At the request of Gov. Reagan 

at noon today, Chancellor McGill 
announced that the campus would 
go on "weekend schedule" and 
continued "only essential ser-
vices." 

All "essential services" include 
dormitories, cafeteria, libra-
ries, and the usual physical plant 
operations. "All public functions 
will cease," the chancellor added. 

UCSD will return to regular 
schedule Monday morning. 

Gov. Reagan in his action 
also closed all other campuses 
of UC and the state colleges, 
and requested that private col-
leges and universities follow suit. 
It was suggested by a highly 
reliable source that Reagan's 
move was his response to the 
increasingly violent disruptions 
and that "his move suggests that 

his 'bloodbath' statement was 
more rhetoric than real inten-
tion.' 

The chancellor's official state-
ment is as follows: 

"At the request of Gov. Rea-
gan the President of the Univer-
sity has instructed me to close 
the San Diego campus from 
thursday May 7th until Monday 
May nth. 

"All campuses of the Univer-
sity of California, all State 
College campuses, and private 
colleges and universities are 
being similarly closed at the 
direction of the governor. All 
classes are to be cancelled, all 
buildings closed, and all public 
functions will cease. 

"Dormitories and cafeterias 
will remain open, but facuity 

students, and staff are encouraged 
to leave the campus. 

"I have issued instructions to 
. departments and schools to cancel 
classes for the rest of Wednes-
day afternoon and to begin the 
orderly shut-down of the campus 
immediately. Only essential ser-
vices are to be maintained during 
this period." 

A T THE OTHER CAMPUSES: 
- Los Angele&- "The situation 

is really tight. There was great 
dissension to the governor's st-
atement. Kids want to have a huge 
sit-in.' 
- Riverside- Chancellor Hin-

deracker gave the statement a-
bout closing down the campus and 
all the students confronted him 
when he stated that all he would 
leave open was the dorms and the 

cafeteria. He later changed his 
position to allow the news ser-
vices and student facilities to re-
main open • 
- Santa Barbara- " We're still 

waiting to get confirmation of the 
statement. " 
- Irvine- The students were 

convinced that they were going to 
stay on campus. They wanted to 
keep the Commons building open, 
and there was agreement on this 
point from the dean of student 
affairs. 

The faculty meeting, originally 
set for Friday afternoon, has be-
en rescheduled for Tuesday. 

triton. till1.es 
AS and college elections, plan-

ned for next week, have been set 
back to May 20-22, with all events 
connected with the elections mov-
ed back a week as well. Petition 
deadlines are now Monday at 2 p. m. 
The TRITON TIMES election is-
sue will consequently be published 
on Tuesday May 19th. 

SPECIAL EDITION U.C.S.D. WEDNESDAY, MAY &,1970 The bonfire, first planned for 9 

Unruh Raps Reagan at Rally 
p. m. at Muir tonight, has been can-
celled, in lieu of a convocation. 

The sit-in has also been post-
poned indefinitely. 

Cafeteria food services will re-
main in operation over the week-
eoo. 

"Come on, hassle me. I haven't 
been hassled on a college campus 
yet," were the words of Jess Un-
ruh as he vainly attempted to de-
liver a prepared speech to a tense, 
frustrated and unruly crowd, which 
sought to shout him down. The 
state Assemblyman from Ingle-
wood and Democratic candidate 
for governor spoke today at noon 
on Revelle Plaza to a crowd of ov-
er 1800. 

Unruh's decision to speak here 
was made personally despite prior 
knowledge of the campus-wide 
strike and demonstrations con-
cerning U.S. intervention of Cam-
bodia, the shooting deaths of Kent 
State students in Ohio, and the is-
sue of war research on campus. 

Unruh said he had an obligation 
to communicate "with all the peo-
ple" and felt "certain things ne-
eded to be said and said often." 

Questions, statements, and ac-
cusations interrupted UnrUh's 
speech so frequently that his ap-
pearance became a series of an-

~wers and retorts to these inter-
ruptions. Several times he ap-
peared to try to work his way in-
to his speech from answers to 

these questions. The questions 
were increasingly loud, critical 
and demanding. At one point 
Prof. Francis Halpern got up to 
share the platform with UnrUh, 
asking and fielding questions from 
the crowd. 

In reference to a statement on 
Cambodia, Unruh said the best 
policy for stUdents would not be 
to strike or break windows but 
to elect someone besides Reagan 
as governor and a Senator who 
would oppose President Nixon's 
policies in Southeast Asia. When 
questioned further on troop with-
drawals from that area, he advo-
cated a complete pullout as soon 
as was "logistically and not mil-
tarily possibe." Such a pullout 
should take not more than 3 or 
4 months. 

On the war-research issue, Un-
ruh stated that he did not have a 
statement and consequently was 
not going to do anything Oil that 
issue. 

Unruh aiso gave support to the 
grape boycott, repeal- of abortion 
laws, funding for the State's edu-
cation, repeal of UC' s tuition, and 
funding for the EOP program. 

Several times he tried to attacK 
Reagan on his policies and as the 
heckling progressed, indicated 
that such behavior was precisely 
what puts Reagan and those like 
him into office. 

Unruh's response to the closing 
down of the State's colleges and 

universities was negative. Hems-
approved ofthe governor's action, 
and said that this is an infringe-
ment upon the rights of those who 
wish to go to class. As an alter-
native to such a shut-down, Unruh 
suggested the "shutting down of 
the war" in Indochina. 

Jess Unruh addresses the noon rally of over 1500 students and faculty 
members before the announcement of UCSD's closure. 



VDlums 10, 'NumbsrlO 

Students Take Urey Hall; 
AS Calls For Strike 

Using similar tactics to last week's 18 hour sit-in, about 70 pro-
testors left the fifth floor of Urey Hall at 5pm where they had staged 
an all day sit-in, and met a diversionary crowd of some 250 persons 
below the building with whom they dispersed to Revelle cafeteria. 
By this tactic, they avoided recognition. In Revelle cafeteria the 
protestors announced the next . sit-in for Thursday at 7:30 
a.m. 

Protesting Department of Defense funded research at the univer-
sity, about 75 students entered the 5th floor Urey Hall Aerospace and 
Mechanical Engineering Sciences department at 7:40 Monday morn-
ing, marking a second day of sit-ins at UCSD. Upon entry, the demon-
strators were served with restraining orders which specified a sit-
in to be in violation of university rules and regulations. The orders ' 
were ignored by the chanting students although three people have re-
ceived lO-day suspension notices in spite of the group's efforts. 

At 8:00 several protestors tried to close the stairwell door that 
opened onto the 5th floor deprtment but were prevented in closing 
the door by two campus pollcemn, Dean Lynn Naibert, and Chief 
Torrens. The door handle was subsequently ripped off in the tussl. 
The demonstrators, occupying the entire floor, locked arms and 
chanted " end war research" behind a banner used to hide their faces. 

The process server, and campus police chief Earl Torrens were 
pushed out of th Ames building at 8:30 after they attempted to serve 
the court injunctions. Three out of a hundred John and Jane Doe re-
straining orders were served before the two men were ejected from 
the building. The injunctions served were scattered on the floor but the 
people inside were technically served, according to a university 
spokesman. 

The temporary restraining orders were obtained Friday afternoon 
in the aftermath of the Muir College sit-in at Chancellor McGill's 
request. The defendents are Richard Ferguson, a student, Ronald V. 
Kirkby, a former faculty member, Reinhart! Lettau, a faculty member, 
James Hirst, a student, Bruce M. Coston, a student, Byron King, a 
student, and Mary Catherine Rose, a student. 

Essentially. the order restrains "the named defendents and all 
persons acting in concert with them from entering or occupying any 
facility on the campus for the purpose and with the effect of disrup-
ting campus activities or o~structing the use of a facility." 

The protestors were reportedly seeking to enter the 3rd floor 
computer center, but finding it locked, proceeded on to the 5th floor 
(AMES) department. 

San Diego City police were observed near campus. More than a do-
zen squad cars and motorcycles, two paddy wagons, several canisters 
of pepper gas, tear gas, and 30 riot-clad police were statio<led near 
Salk Institute, according to observers and police reports. 

Chancellor McGill, who had asked the police to stand-by since 8 am, 
asked for their cooperation while "we attemp to use our OW.l re-
sources." 

Said McGill in an afternoon press conference: "If the building is 
not evacuated by 5 pm, I will declare a state of emergency. This would 
make it mandatory for the administration to suspend any student, fa-
culty, or staff mem~r present after the dec lara ion. We will seek to 
remove the peo;>le nO<l-violently using our own resources. If this is 
not possible, we will contemplate other means." 

"If there is another takeover of a bulldng, Dean Murphy will go 
through theregular sequence of events to get the demonstrators to 
leave. This would take·a couple of hours. Then, if they refuse to 
leave, I will declare a state of emergency." "There will not be any 
more a1l-daJ all-_,'' be vowed. 

The ASUCSD Senate yesterday 
called a "state of emergency" as 
a reaction to President Nixon's 
expansion of the Vietnam War into 
neighboring Cambodia last week. 

A strike is being organized by 
a stuent committee and will be 
the subject of an evening meeting 
in Revelle Cafeteria tonight. 

Chancellor McGill said he is 
"unalterably opposed to a student 
strike because I am obligated to 
uphold the rights of those students 
who seek to go to class." 

AS President Jeff Benjamin 
said the AS resolution "recogni-
zes the strike called by the Na-
tional Student Association (of . 
which UCSD is a member) as our 
immediate and direct resonse to 
the irrational and illegal actions 
of President Nixon." 

Meanwhile, UC Santa Barbara 
is continuing a strike begun yes-
terday afternoon; Berkeley and 
Los Angeles faculty were meeting 
at press time to discuss calling 
a strike; and Irvine, Riverside, 
Santa Cruz, and Davis are all 
holding rallies today--aimed at 
strikes for tomorrow. 

Benjamin noted that "like the 
strikes occuring on 100 campuses 
right now, we seek the support of 
the faculty in our movement." He 
asked the "entire academic com-
munity to attend tonight's meeting. 

Chancellor McGill is proposing 
"that any member of the academic 
community who feels in his con-
science that he should devote his 
time to discussing the events in 
Cambodia and Vietnam do so at 
any time during the day in the free 
speech areas. I hope that members 
of the faculty would lead such dis-
cussions. " 

In opposing the student strike, 
he said that he much prefers "to 
make it a matter of conscience and 
commitment rather than a coer-
cive effort directed against young 
people who may take the position 
that a strike is an improper re-
sponse to the sad events we.have 
witnessed in the last several 
days." 

The Resolution reads : 
"Be it resolved that the AS-

UCSD Senate declares a state of 
emergency on the UCSD campus 
as a result of the actions of the 
United States in Southeast Asia 
and the direct and indirect mani-
festations of that s ituation on the 
UCSD campus; 

"That such state of emergency 
be definted as a complete \1alt to 
all campus activity as a moral 
and physical commitment to the 
institution of Reason in this nation 
and on this campus; 

"That such state of emergency 
recognizes the inherent irration-
ality of the estabUshed power 
structure; and 

"That such state of emergency 
u1sts unW terminated by the 

As UCSD students occupied part of Urey Hall to protelt war nllU'Cb and UnMnlty IQIr,)Ort 01 
the war in Vietnam and CamlY.Y.!Ja, a m.111 armada of SIn Diego pollee waited near campus for a 
request from r.ampus authorities to tnterven9. 

00 a field the glider fJeld and Salk Institute 
Police officers with riot equipment prepared crowd 

control gas guns. The force of at least tw~nty six officers with 
sixteen police cars, fourteen motorcycles three vans and a bus 
dispersed in the afternoon, while stude~ts occupied a floo:- i~ 
Urey Hall. 

Military Discusses ' Vietnam 
Chris Bibb 

Staff Writer 
Two hours earlier a sit-in by war-research protestors had left 

building 2A. Two hours earlier Americans had joined in attacking the 
'Communist military headquarters in Cambodia. One hour earlier 
President Nixon had announced the Cambodian policy of this country. 
Therefore, the 200 listeners in Sherwood Hall Thursday night had 
reason for renewed interest in the two military views presented. 

Retired N aal Admiral U .S.G. Sharp was followed by Former Marine 
General Victor Krulak in the fifth lecture in the University Extension 
class on "Conservative and Traditional Views on Contemporary 
Issues. " 

The lecture was entitled, "Could We Have Done Better in Viet-
nam? " Krolak seemed to summarize for both men that we could have, 
if we had remembered the rule of all wars, that "You cannot deal from 
weakness; you must deal from strength." 

Adm. Sharp, who retired in 1968 as Commander-in-Chief of the 
Pacific and is now an associate of Teledyneyan and other firms, lead 
the discussion with an outline of our entry into Vienam. Beginning 
earlier than the 1954 date of our first assignment of advisors, Sharp 
noted that the United Nations had failed to act effectively in the cold 
war. Mutual defense alliances to contain Communism and avert war 
joined us in a policy of collective self-defense with some 42 nations. 
One such alliance, the South East Asia Collective Defense Treaty of 
1954 promised military aid on request of the threatened government on 
the occasion of Communist agression against a member country. 

" If we had not come to their assistance, they would have been over-
run by North Vietnamese." according to Sharp. " Domination of South 
East Asia is indeed their objective " 

The policy of graduated response to the division-size attack on South 
Vienam by regular army troops of North Vienam in December 1964 
resulted in " piece-meal" aid which imposed severe restrictions on the 
military. Sharp said that gradualism without a tight blockade on war 
materials to North Vietnam was a self-defeating and costly policy. 
Np.vertheless, the air-strike halt of 1968 came "at a time when we had 
the enemy on ropes," and left the United States in a defensive, thus 
weakened, negotiating positIOn." 

While noting the problems of Vietnamization and its dependance on 
the readiness of Vientnamese to take on their 0 n defense , Sharp 
suggested another way. The United States should issue a warning to 
Hanoi to negotiate eriously within two weeks or "we will act. .. Sharp 
noted the political infeasibility of this - he was greeted with applause 
when he mentioned the President's problem with some senators - but 
he stressed the necessity of meeting our committments. 

Gen Krulak, no less self-assured, but shorter and more forceful , 
quoted from letters he wrote during the '60'5 to McNamara and others. 
The President of the Copley News Service began by saying "I'm not 
even sure that I belong here. " He cited hi Marine reputation as a 
young turk, saying that his views on the war were neither conservativf 
nor traditional. As n expert in counter-insurgensy and guerrilla-
warfare, Krulak said " We failed to see the total nature of the war .' 
Diplomatic, economic, ducational, and military aspects all needed tc 
be strong, but we were ow to learn about a new kind of war . 

Gen Krulak drew applause when he advocated the th ory of W8J 
which he said the politician abandoned. " Wh n you embark Ut on . 

. conflict, win it. Don't comrromi e, don't teml'oriz , 10 it. Decid( 
what needs doing an 0 it . 

Questions began with Ca nbodia. Krulak anticipated a long un 
dramatic battle of s vera! ' , k . He prai d thl' UN for doing man) 
things, and for providing the ~ orld with i ts on1 forum, but adde 
"They haven 't th hors pow rtf to do this job 10 mbodia. 

In answer to a question , Kurlak 5ta d Um nbG .. t VII "Jlllll N OI U. 
and South Vjetnamese soldiers have be n kill d, and about 40,000 
South Vietnamese civilians per year . Why are we there? Krulak 
believed we nneded to go to protect 'our basic national intere ts, and 
because we are p ople of law and rul and ri ht," and n eded to 
fulfill a commitment. 

~harp empha ized that "You houldn't g t into a war until you've 
udall politic I mean . " Both agr d that "On ou commit 
Americans to fight, th n for Lord' sake, win it. .. 



Opinions ,.pressN tllis pal' are thou of th' writ,n and do not n,cess.rily 
r.flec' the opinion" TR ITON TIMES. Ev,ry opinion co~trillution should 
I"cluete the ".me .r:d .ddrlls of the writ,r. N.m. will lie wlthh.ld on request. 
Th. TRITON TIMES reurvlI the ,illlt to edit tor 1111.1 law .nd space 
requirem.nts. Send contri llutlons to TRITON TIMES, 111 BI.ke Hall, UCSD. 

Rationalize - Radicalize 
By R.M. 

It is necessary for the people of America to radicalize now,. to insure 
the survival of the world. Within twenty years, a large p~rtlon of the 
world 's population will be wiped out ei~er through r~volutlOn or pollu-
tion unless things are changed drastically now. A:I movemen~ for 
change are being squashed by governments. The Umted S~tes Will not 
allow South Vietnam Cambodia, Trinidad, and other nations to deter-
mine their own gove~nment. Similarly, Russ.ia is trying to s~op every 
government that is trying to form a more lI~ral cOllll?umst m?ve-
ment-remember the invasion of Czechoslavakia. The Nixon admm~s­
tration is ignoring the millions o.f cries to p~l o.ut of Southeast Asm, 
and help end racism in the U.S., m favor of wmrung over the Sout.hern 
voting block in the 1972 elections. Right now, when change IS ~ 
necessary, , since we could be able to guarantee everyo~e the baSIC 
rights of good housing, enough to eat, and a col~ege educatJo.n, and.we 
no longer have an expanding market for capItalism (outsIde of Jffi-
perialism), demands for change are bein.g ignored. This is beca~se 
some people in America are living a go?d bf~ n~w, and are succeedmg 
in convincing the rest of America that smce lIf: IS nottoo bad f,or many 
people , according to the g«:neral standar? o! lIvmg! It co~ldn t be any 
better . These people want to continue theIr bves as IS , whIle the rest of 
the country can go to hell. . . 

The majority of students at UCSD live in a world of political apathy, 
concerned with the problems in your own lives! wheth.er they be dope, 
girlfriends, or studieS. This could be cool and IS how It should be ,m a 
country with a good government. A country where pe?ple ~ouldn t be 
hassled for the length of their hair or the color of th:lr skm. Bu.t th~t 
doesn't exist here now. Don't kid yourselves. Get active now or It WIll 
be too late. If you don 't act, your freedoms wlll be taken away be a 
government that will be strong enough to tell people what to do al.l the 
time, instead of just when they're the draft age . Unf~rtunately, ~emg a 
liberal won't accomplish anything either. Aft~r helpmg to org~mze the 
last war protest march, I found that havlIlg det;Jonstrations and 
writing letters to congressmen doesn 't do a damn thing. To st~p wars, 
and stop our nation from being polluted by cars and factories, ~ou 
have to change the system. The whole capitalistic ethic of competing 
must be swapped for a new one of working together .. New v,alue~ must 
be set. There should be more emphasis on how to raIse o.ne s. chIldren, 
on havinggood education for everyone, and on how to enJoy life and be 
happy instead of showing how much money one has. Poor people 
usually aren 't happy when they don 't have enough to eat. 

The only way for these ideals - peace, equality, and justic~ to be 
accomplished, is to make sure that the present NIlCon-Agnew-Mltchell-
Reagan power game is destroy~d . Ple~se help, U~.o students by 
making others aware, and stoppmg faSCIsm before It IS too ~te. <.Zet 
involved with some group that is dedicated to a government msurmg 
the rights of the people - SDS, YSA, or t~e newly-formed Radical 
Student Union. We need every student on thiS campus, and elsewhere 
to help achieve our goals ; by joining these groups to insure that there 
is strength to accomplish the necessary changes. 

students $1.50 NOW PlAYING LIMITED RUN except Saturday 
A rt .,u,- If. :pr s Am~ rl con odo p tO ' ion 

AN ENEMY 
OF THE PEOPLE 

by Henrik Ibsen 
T ,,", PO! 1 " f a (":01 " o r lake 
c rp(lte "'"r tvt. d ·o",o o s ! Qlf ic,h 
-;., ' lPn( O ll n,.l'~.· to") (~"(rfort r · heo ' (u tI, 

• 1"1,,110 "9 p rovo""ot 've chollf>ng 
'"g 

$ 2 SO T, . , W~d ' '''U1\ SU,.. E v. ~ 
$3 00, Fr· So , he .. 
!. 0:.,1 < '/ "J'"'" 'J ~ 17 

phone 7.39-2255 after noon 

c~~~~~ em tre st3.!) e 
,UCSD PRESENTS ••• 

IGOR KIPNIS 
Hlrpsichonlist -- appears at 

Sherwood tlall on May 9th at 8:30 p.m. 

IICSD THEA TRE IN REPERTORY. ... 
A Midsummer Night's Dream 

May 5, 14, 16, 18,23, 25 

T~e Caucasian Chalk Circle 
Ma y 13, 15, 17, 22, 24 

All performances at 8 P.M. in UCSD Theatre 
Bldg. 269 Matthews Campus 

General admission $2.00 students $1.00 

TICKETS AVAILABLE 
NOW AT UCSD CENTRAL BOX OFFICE, UREY HALL 
LOBBY. PHONE RESERVATIONS ACCEPTED AT: 

453-ft1. 

Page 2 Triton Times May 5,1970 

Now Kevin Moran has Died, 

What Will Reagan Do? · 
Dear Governor, 

The tragic loss of Kevin Moran impels me to write 
you. . 

Perhaps Governor, if I had responded to Bill 
Jannes' c~ll- perhaps, Governor, if you had 
responded at all to Bill James call, Kevin Moran 
would not have had to respond to Bill Jannes' call. 

I wonder what - and when - you and I are gomg 
to do something more - something real - to deal 
not just with the effects of campus unrest, but with 
its causes. Friday - before Bill James, student 
body president at University of California, issued 
the call for help to which Kevin Moran responded 
and went to his death, Bill James called me and 
asked me to help. He told me that earlier that day he 
had tried to call you - with no response . He told me 
that earlier that day he had tried to call Leiutenant 
Governor Reinecke, got only as far as his staff, no 
response. Bill's message - intended for you, for the 
Ueutenant Governor, and for me - was that the 
situation in Santa Barbara was so tense that, absent 
outside assistance, he feared the night would not 

Governor, I abhor violence, I neither defend nor 
condone it. But dealing with its symptoms and 
calling people names, and blaming others, does 
absolutely nothing to prevent violence. 

I believe it is my responsibility to do more - and 
it is likewise your responsiblity, and that is is 
likewise the responsibility of each and every 
californian, to do something more, creative and 
preventive - to deal with the causes of campus 
unrest in California. 

I know what I'm going to do now, Gover-
nor - continue my efforts to promulgate and ef-
fectuate the eighteen-point positive program I 
proposed last June, which seems even more timely 
now. 

pass without blood being spilled. . . 
Governor, in response , I called PreSIdent HItch of 

the university and asked him to act, and he 
promised me he would immediately contact 
Chancellor Cheadle at Santa Barbara . I called Bill 
James back later that night, and we discussed my 
going to Santa Barbara ; Bill suggested I. could do 
more good by remaining here to attend L~eutenant 
Governor Reinecke's dinner Saturday mght, and 
talk with him about Santa Barbara. I did that. 

Governor - I wonder what you are going to do? 
In discussing the Moran tragedy, you used the 

word " inevitable." Governor, would you meditate 
upon the use of that word by a young man who was 
recently President - his name was John F . Ken-
nedy, and he understandingly said: "those who 
make peaceful evolution impossible - make 
violent revolution inevitable. 

Governor, what will you do? 

Governor I feel I didn't do enough. 
Governor: I don't know that you did anything. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

ilIon Sfafue? for a statue of the great President, Richard M. Nixon, to be placed in the Hall of Fame in 
Washington, D.C. 

Editor: 
We have the distinction and 

honour of being members of a 
cunmittee to rai8e $5,000,000.01 

I he committee was in quandry 
as to where to place the statue. It 
wu not deemed advisable to 

FLIGHTS "'II 
LARGEST SELECTION: TO & WITHIN EUROPE; AFRICA, ASIA, 
SOVIET UNION. SPRING-SUMMER STILL OPEN. ALL OTHER 
TICKETS, TOO. OLDEST ACADEMIC A~OC. : EASC, 323 N. 
BEVERLY DR. , BEVERLY HILLS, CALIF. 90210, (213) 276-6293 

"Do .. " 1M 1ft .......... 10_ prtRl- PlY wetl! ou, ............. ,.. .... p. 
1",-",1. tim. Do .. ' INI ....... OIl' ., ........ ",I_I,." 
ALL ~LlOHTS VIA TRANS I..,..RNATIONAL AIRWAYS OR 
SATURN AIRWAYS OC-8 SU"R~KTS WITH COM~LlMaNTARY 
MIlAU AND 8IlVIlIlAQU. 

One-way flights still available 
.... 4004 -ONIl WAY - OAKLAND/AMITIlRDAM 

JUNIlIJ ................. .... . ............... I 

NoS:~EM~~:':~~~A.~S~~~~~~ •• ,. '. _ • _ ......... :als 
Summer round-trip !lights stUI available 

No. IU - OAKLAND/AMSTIlRDAM 
JUNIlI4-SIlP'T. I •.••...••• _ ...... .. ~ ...• _ ... 2ii 

No_ 4000 - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM 
JUNIt 11~IlPTIlM.IlR 7 : .•••••••••••••••••• ,u" 

No. I,. - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM , 
JUNE 17~IlP'TIlM8.R" ••••••••.•• ' •••.•••• "I" 

No. "S - NEW YORIVLONDON 
JUNIl ,.~aP'TIlM8ER' . _ .•.•••••.••••••••••• 11" 

No. In -OAKLANDILONDON 
.IUNIl24--AUGUST 30 _ ••• • • __ .•••••••...• __ .SI" 

No_ 141~DAItLAND/'LOS ANGELU -.""~RD"M 
AUGUST ,I -sIt"';IlM •• Ut II •• • •.• .••• ••• . ••. •• tI" 

No. '41 -OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (ROIl'" "'p, 
JUL Y 4--AUGUST ... . _ • . • ••• ' •••• ••• ... _ .. _ . .&21111 

SPECIALII INTER-EUBOPE STUDENT 
CHARTER fLIGHTS 

In conJunction Wltll-CI' .1ft "Iltlltillsted ••••••• 1 'Int"lllcalll' 
reduCed r.tn •. Slud,nt cfta,.., to IlI4Ila. Tullllla (Nonll Africa', . 
... 1 "frlca, Turk.V, 0..-•• RuuU, M.It., .... I"." (Til A"W, 
.110 ... 11 ...... 1 reduced rot... , 
CALL OR WIIITIl NOW .. 011 ~URTH.R IN~OIlMATION AND 
AI"PLICATIONS 

WRITE: Cal .... Chartan 
'( 2150 G,... St. or 

San F ,.nc:tsco. CII. 14 1 23 
PHONE: (415'922·1434 

(A1uIr 8.nd 
weekends' 

, I 

Sincerely, 
John Vasconcellos. 

Assemblyman, 24th District 

place it beside the statue of 
George Washington, who never 
told a lie, nor next to that of 
Franklin D. Roosevelt, who never 
told the truth, because Nixon 
could never tell the difference. 

It was finally decided to place 
the statue beside that of 
Christopher Columbus, the 
greatest New Dealer of them all. 
He departed not knowing where 
he was going, and, upon arriving, 
did not know where he was. Then 
he returned not knowing where 
he had been and did it all on 
borrowed money! 

More that 5,000 years ago 
Moses said to the Children of 
Israel : "Pick up your shovels, 
mount your asses and camels and 
I will lead you to the promised 
land." Then nearly 4.960 years 
later Roosevelt said: " Lay down 
your shovels, sit on hour asses, 
light up a Camel, this is the 
promised land. " 

Now Nixon is stealing your 
shovels, kicking your asses, 
raising the price of Camels, and 
mortgaging the promised land. If 
you are one of the fortunate 
persons left with any money after 
taxes we will expect a generous 
contribution for this worthwhile 
project. Lorenz Hernandez 

triton tilnes 
MI" •• ,,,,I"'t, 
Mtoe:,.I, ""_"""" I.,t.,. 
e .. ' ••• ' .... 

II.MeI." ( .. ., ." .. 

, .. lIh ' ••• , ... 

M!,.. IiCI.~ ... 

(11", 10 Of .... '" 

_1.\' .... " 
M", Tr,II'"9 

_09" Sho¥olt'~ 
8,nA'", ,,, 

,,(1'1 .... 1,.11,'1'1 

J,'. '''" 

The Tilt ITON TIMES Is offlCI.lly rtcogn lud and 
support.d I' • student n.w,p.per bV the 
Commun ications Bo.rd oi the UnIversity of ,c. II · 
fo,n l. , San 01190, Bu ild ing 250. M."I'l.wt 
Clmous, La Jolla . Californ ia, '2()l7. Publlutlon 
Is TW ice weekly on Tu,SCI'.,.' .nd FrIO,.,.s 
through Jun. ~. 1970. Offices .re loutl'd In room 
117, Bilk. HIli , on the R.v.lI, c.mpul. For 
Adyertls lng phon. 4S)·toOO, )(10" ; few edl1orl.1 
or news ,,"one )C 1016. 

TO EUROPE 
NIVERSITY CHARTER FLIGHT 

June 21/Sept.13 R. T. $299 
July 3 / Sept.l1 R.T. $299 
Sept. 4 One Way $139 

All Intra-Europe student Flights 
Amsterdam-Athens $ 34 
London-Tel AvIv $ 77 

Backed by reliable, experienced 
Travel Agency. Prof. P. Bentler 
c/o Sierra Travel Inc. 9875 san-
ta Monica Blvd. Beverly Hills 
2 274-0729 & 274-0720 

old ,w. 
The pollution of a lake creates 

strong conflicts among the 
citizens of a small town when 
their lives are threatened in "An 
Enemy of the People." Arthur 
Miller's American adaptation of 
the famed Scandinavian drama 
by Henrik Ibsen will open a 
limited run Thursday, April 30 at 
the Cassius Carter Centre Stage, 
adjacent to the Old Globe Theatre 
in Balboa Park. Performances 
will continue nightly except 
Monday through May 17. A single 
matinee will be staged Sunday, 
May 17 at 2 p.m. 

A doctor in a small lake resort 
town discovers the water is 
polluted. The health of the visi-
tors seeking the beneficial quali-
ties of the popular waters is 
threatened by increasing con-
tamination. 

When the outspoken doctor 
attempts to release scientific evi-
dence informing the people of the 
dangers, he is opposed by the 
local town council, the press and 
business leaders. They fear dis-
closure of the testimony will 
damage the popularity of the lake 
as a resort, leaving the town with 
limited income as tourist busi-
ness is destroyed. 

Written in 1882 by one of the 
great innovators in modern play-
writing, " An Enemy of the Peo-
ple" is the most contemporary 
drama of today. In the play, 
Ibsen condemns people whose 
minds are polluted by corrupt 
ideas and archaic beliefs. Guest 
director is Minerva Marquis. 

The leading role of the 
idealistic physician is played by 
Oliver Malcolmson. Ruth Gostin 
is his wife, Laura Reznikoff is his 
loyal daughter, Sean Sullivan and 
Steven Lijewski, the young sons. 

Students through college may 
purchase reserved tickets to "An 
Enemy of the People" at $1.50 
each for all performances except 
Saturday nights . This is a 40 per 
cent reduction from the regular 
ticket price . Tickets are avail-
able at the Central Box Office, 
Urey Hall, 45~151. 

Harpsichordist Igor Kipnis, 
internationally known through 
his recitals, solo appearances 
with major symphonies and 
recordings, is scheduled to per-
form at 8:30 p.m. Saturday, May 
9, in Sherwood Hall, La Jolla. 

Kipnis' debut as a harpsi-
chordist was made in 1959 Over 
New York City's municipal radio 
station WNYC, and his first New 
York solo recital followed in 1961 
at a meeting of the New York 
Historical Society. Since that 
time he has appeared in concert 
and lecture recitals throughout 
the United States. and has per-
formed with many orchestras 
including the Boston Symphony, 
the Symphony of the Air, the 
Brooklyn Philharmonic, the 
Princeton Chamber Orchestra, 
the Fort Wayne Philharmonic 
and the Clarion Concerts Orches-
tra in New York City, among 
others. 

The concert is sponsored by the 
University Committee for Arts 
and Lectures. Reserved seats are 
$3 for general admission, $2.50 for 
UCSD faculty and staff, and $1.50 
for UCSD students. Tickets may 
be reserved by calling the UCSD 
box office at 453-6151. 

unit:tJm 

At the Unicorn this week 
through Friday are "Alice's 
Restaurant" and "The Bed 

,POSSIBILITIES 
Sitting Room." Most of us are 
familiar with Alice, her restaur-
ant, and her garbage disposal 
problems. The second film, "The 
Bed Sitting Room," is uhfortu-
nately less weD known. The film, 
directed by Richard Lester of 
Help, Etc., stars Ralph Richard-
son, Peter Cook, Dudley Moore, 
and Michael Horden. It is a 
corrosive attack on war and pro-
vides an excellent companion 
feature to "Restaurant." TImes 
are 7 and 10:30 for "Restaurant" 
and 8:55 for "Sitting Room." 

011 a.npus CI/IIII1IS 

This week the Friday Night at 
the Movies will present Paul 
Muni in "Fugitive from a Chain 
Gang" (1932), one of Hollywood's 
most famous socially conscious 
films, anll Jack Clayton's "The 
Pumpkin Eater" (1964). "The 
Pumpkin Eater" is an attractive, . 
rather puzzling English film 
based on the novel of the same 
name. With a dazzling screenplay 
by Harold Pinter, it concerns a 
couple who shouldn't have been 
married to each other, or perhaps 
to anyone, but who can't bear not 
to be married to each other and 
whose life in common therefore 
becomes a continuous hell of 
their own choosing. Anne Ban-
croft plays with harrowing 
perception the woman who is 
either insane or driven to act that 
way by the misconduct of her 
weak, glamorous husband ( Peter 
Finch) . The brilliant cast also 
includes Maggie Smith , and 
James Mason as an aggressive 
businessman whose wife is 
having an affair with Finch. 
Pinter and director Clayton show 
proper scorn for the easy tricks of 
melodrama. Their unsentimental 
aim is to take a marriage apart 
and nail up the bleeding pieces 
for honest scrutiny. They succeed 
quite well, employing lethal 
words and crisp images to ex-
press a timeless battle. 

Sunday night the Muir Cinema 
series is presenting a very fine 
Charlie Chaplin comedy, "The 
Gold Rush" (1925), with Chaplin 
as the pathetic little Lone Pros-
pector. There is more than m re 
laughter in the film, though, for 
masked by ludicrous situations is 
something of the comedian's 
early life- the hungry days in 
London and his disappointments, 
hopes, and loneliness. "Gold 
Rush" is told with a background 
of the Klondike and is as much a 
dramatic story as a comedy. 
Throughout it even runs a love 
story with a dance hall queen 
named Georgia. Chaplain can 
take strange si tua tions and stir 
up both tears and smiles, and in 
his more boisterous moments he 
here engineers absurd incidents 
that have provoked shrieks of 
laughter. The New York Times in 
1925 stated, " Here is a comedy 
with streaks of poetry, pathos, 
and tenderness linked with 
brusqueness and boisterousness. 
It is the outstanding gem of all 
Chaplin's pictures." 

Indio Jaycee Bathtub and 
Chowder Society Commodore Bill 
Bryan has announced that the 
second annual United States 
Bathtub Regatta will be held at 11 
a.m., May 24, 1970. The course 
will be from Helen Burns Salton 
Sea Beach to a point near Salton 
City and thence to a turning point 
off of Desert Shores returning to 
the starting line at Salton Sea 
Beach. The winner of the last 
regatta, Danny Wegar, com-
pleted the 22-mUe course in 64 
minutes in his fiberglass bathtub. 

An early favorite besides Wegar 
is Len Rossback, who has been 
assigned number 76. 

Byran states that over 75 per 
cent of the regatta course will be 
within view of spectators, for 
which there is no charge. Every-
one is invited to the testimonial 
chowder feed to be held Satur-
day, May 23 at 7 p.m. at the Indio 
Miles Avenue Park. The charge 
for the chowder feed is fifty cents 
per person. 

Anyone wanting an entry blank 
or desiring more information 
may contact the Indio Chamber 
of Commerce. The United States 
Bathtub Regattas are sponsored 
by the Indio Jaycees and the 
Indio Chamber of Commerce and 
sanctioned by the United States 
Bathtub Racing Association. 

buffy ssintll-msritl 
. Miss Buffy Sainte-Marie will 
sing her traditional songs such as 
" Universal Soldier" and "Until 
it's Time for You to Go" in her 
great emotional style Saturday, 
May 16, at 8:30 p.m . in Cal 
Western 's Golden Gym. As a 
Cree Indian, Huffy carries her 
heritage with dedicated pride and 
sadness. Her songs reflect an 

image which may be classifled as 
protest, created from her emo-
tional feelings towards her 
people. " Now That the Buffalo's 
Gone" and "My Country 'Tis of 
Thee, People are Dying" run the 
full gamut of deep-felt protest-
anger, hurt, and, perhaps most 
significantly- bewilderment. 
Buffy believes her music is 
characteristic of not only her 
devotion to her heritage, but a 
sincere empathy towards the 
simple beauties of life . 

sll1lmtlmotJll 

The second segment of the SIO 
Summer Noon series presents 
Dr . William Orrie with an illus-
trated talk entitled, "The birth 
and maiden voyage of the 'Mel-
ville' and a random look at New 
Guinea-the countryside, the 
people, and the wildlife. " The 
time is noon, May 7, at Sumner 
Auditorium. 

... _ .. _e 

pl~~~~' 
tanlpOnS 

We'll send you the $1.69 size of Playtex 
first-day!" tampons for only 504. 

You get more than two months' supply free. 
There's no other tampon like 
Playtex. Outside, soft and silky, 
not cardboardy. Inside, so extra 
absorbent, it even protects on 
your first day. That's why we 
call it the first·day tampon. 

In every lab test against tre 
old cardboardy kind, the 

Playtex tampon was always 
more absorbent. Actually 45% 
more absorbent on the average 
than the leading regular 
tampon because of the un ique 
way it's made. Actually adjusts 
to you. Flowers out, fluffs out, 
protects every ins ide 

e Bnt d on tht ..... '.af ¥l' om,"', use 0' t t l'\ ',"'pO"" P'" 

inch of you . 
Once you try it, we think 

you 'll love it. That's why we're 
making you this special "two 
months free" offer. 

So go ahead . Use the coupon 
and get more than two months' 
supply free . 

r-----------------------------~ 
Here's 50¢ for my more than two months' supply of Playtex tampon • 
Send in a plain brown wrapper, please. 

o Regular o Super 

Name ______________ ~~--~----------------~ 
(p 4>.1 \1 P '! ) 

Address ____________________________________ _ 

City ___________________ State _________ Zill __ _ I 
I Ma il coupon to: Intemational Playt x Corporation, Dept. 550, P.O. Box 2205, Wi lmington, Delaware 19899. Offer expires August 31, 
L~:?~~~::~I~~O~~:e~~o~d.:l~e~~ __________ .J 

tPI.,tu 'I HIt tt.dfm.," of Inltrn.t,o",1 PI'yIU COt'P ,Oo'rtr, 0,,1 .1 'n tll!'," '110nl l PI.:; II!" CorD ~ 
Triton Times May Sf 1970 Page 3 



tOtl., 
Cinco de Mayo Fiesta : UCSD Huelga 
Committee presents "Fiesta del Cinco 
de Mayo" featuring the Lanuza Bro · 
thers Dance Troupe on Revelle Plaza 
from 11 : 45 to 1: 15 p m. Free refresh 
ments, script and cash for the United 
Farm Workers will be accepted as a 
donat ion . 

A Midsummer N ight's Dream : Fri · 
day , May 1, Sunday May 3, and Tues · 
day May 5. UCSD Theater MC 8 p.m . 

wedn,sd., 
The Ecumenical Commun ity invites 
you and your friends to dinner (25c ) 
from 57 p.m . today . Father Bill Coats, 
Ep iscopal Chapla in at UCSD, will 
speak on " The Peace Movement , The 
Un iversity and the Church ." Place : 
University Lutheran Student Center, 
9595 La Jolla Shores Drive, at the 
junction of North Torrey Pines Road , 
just west of Reve lle College. 

thursday 
Scripps Institute of Oceanography 
Sumnernoon Series'Noon . 

lectures 
Marine Geology Seminar : Thursday , 
May 7, 8 pm . IGPP Conference 
Room . 

Salk Lecture : Jack Walsh (County 
Supervisor) will discuss civic prob 
lems in the San Diego area . TueSday: 
May 5, Noon , Salk Small Seminar 
Room . 

Professors ' Inaugural Lecture Ser ies : 
Tuesday, May 5, HL Aud. , 4: 15 p .m . 
Professor Garrels will d iscuss" Evo · 
lu t ion of Sed imentary Rocks ." 

Marine Chem istry Sem inar : Dr . Chow 
w ill speak on " Sea Water Trace Ele · 
ments Analysis," at 4 p .m . in 2145 
R i tter Hall , Wednesday , May 6. 

~eminar Series on "Noise Pollution," 
In HL Aud . at 7 p .m ., Sunday, May 10. 

,ecre.tion 
Ba seball : here VS . USD 3 p.m . 

me,tings 
Radical Student Un ion : Th ursday, 
May 7, Lower Blake Lounge, 9 p .m . 

Photographer 's Association : Wednes · 
day May 6, Upper Blake Lounge, 8 
p.m. Bring slides to show for possible 
public performance . 

There will be an importanl meet ing of 
the Pre·Med Club today at 8 p .m. in 
USB 3070. Membersh ip is open to all 
interested students and all pre·med 
students are urged to attend . Club 
officers will be elected at th is 
meeting . 

announcem,nts 
Per formance Concert : benef it for 
Jordan Chavez Defense Fund , $1.50 
donat ion , pay at door . Featuring Clau · 
d ia Bader , Fred Lonidier, Ronda 
Lumley, Aliva Rahmani , Jerry 
Walker , Laura Weinrab , John Wh i'e . 
May 10,3 p .m. and 8 p .m . 409 Me. 

Want to become a California citizen? 
Assemblyman Waddie Deddeh ' (D· 
77th Dist r ict) has introduced a bill in 
he State Leg islature to allow all those 

eligible to vote in gubernatorial elec · 
lions to wai e out ·of ·state tuition, and 
all those minors whose parents leave 
the state on temporary bUSiness or 
military aSSignments . 

Attention All Muir Seniors . Are you 
planning to graduate th is spring or 
summer '70? A list of all Seniors who 
have declared the ir cand idacy for 
spring or summer '70 has been posted ' 
in the Mu ir Provost Off ice. Please 
contact the ir off ice as soon as poss ible 
to conf irm your plans for graduation . 
Any add i tions or delet ions must be 
made by May 6. 

"- .... u .......... -
. in .. pIIIZI tlil Wednndly. 

classHi,ds 
STEREO COMPONENTS Many 
known brands, new, demonstrators, 
trade·ins . On sa le at cost plus until 
sold . I nexpensive to ultimate in sound . 
Open daily 10-6. Closed Sunday and 
Monday . Audio plus 8-track service 
dept . Osborn Sound Shop, 246 West 
Washington, H illcrest . 291 -7777 . 

TRANSLATORS WANTED . Free 
Lance, all tech . fields and languages . 
Unlimited volume. Send resume and 
sample to P.O. Box 5456, Santa 
Barbara , Calif . 93103. 

SUBJECT : WANTED TO RENT : 
Four-bedroom house or apartment for 
yea~ beginning September 1, 1970 for 
fa m Ily of professor moving to La 
Jolla . Must be within reasonable 
distance Of . campus and In qu iet , 
pleasant neIghborhood . Furnished 
preferred . Contact Department of 
History, UCSD, 453-2000, extension 
1763. 

UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, 
BERKELEY CAMPUS : unique lec-
ture notes, hundreds of courses, taken 
directly in class by professionals from 
world-famous teachers. $l -S4. Send for 
latest free catalog . FYBATE LEC-
TURE NOTES, Dept. 52, 2440 Ban-
croft Way, Berkeley, Calif ., 94704. 

Driving '69 Chevy to Miami 
Leave June 26. Want driving 
companion all or part of way 

. to share expenses. 284-7723. 

Muir Dorms Plagued by Thievery 
The thievery which plagued the 

Muir dorms over the Spring 
break has apparently continued 
into this quarter . Resident Dean 
Joan Walsh places the theft rate 
definitely above that expected in 
a dorm situation. 

Police Chief Torrens blames 
the vacation thefts on the loss of 
sixty room keys and two building 
master keys. He also points out 
that the thefts were isolated to a 
few suites and that the thieves 
apparently knew exactly what 
they were after. 

According to Dean Walsh, no 
such pattern or apparent 
organization has pervaded the 
thefts this quarter . She attributes 
the recent thefts to three major 
causes. Seventy-five per cent of 
the losses have resulted from 
unlocked rooms. Bathroom and 
laundry room thefts have also 
been a major problem. The 
enormous size of the dorms has 
been c!ted as a factor promoting 
theft. )ean Walsh stated, "After 
students live there for eight or ten 
weeks , they realize that the 
opporlunity for a student with 
such <. t ndency is there." 

Inf rJt1!tlity Protects Thieve 
App rehension of thieves is near 
impo~sible because of the in-
forme 1 atmosphere of the dorms. 
Studelts don 't think twice about 
seeing strangers in their 
hallways. Some reports have 
been made . People have been 
seen trying doors , and three non-
student girls selling used clothes 
and hairdryers were confronted 

6 wk. summer sessions. Univer 
sHy of Granada (at Malaga). Six 
credits; $625 total. Write : Dr. 
E. D'Angelo, Univ. Bridgeport, 
(;onn. 06606 Tel: (203) 372-4254 

John Maxwell Staff Writer 
by Dean Walsh. The girls were 
escorted from the dorms but no 
charges were made . 

One dorm resident had two 
tickets to a Peter, Paul and Mary 
concert taken from her purse in 
the laundry room. Remembering 
her seat numbers , she reported 
the theft to the campus police . 
The seats were found to be oc-
cupied by two students who haa 
bought the tickets from a non-
student whom they named_ When 
questioned, he claimed to have 
found the tickets in the plaza. The 
investigation is continuing. 

The Muir Post Office boxes 
have also been plagued by theft. 
Last week alone, $500 in scrip was 
taken_ On Tuesday a meeting 
between Hi Continental and the 

Muir College authorities failed to 
provide any definite solution. One 
participant had received a tip, 
though, naming a suspect and 
classifying him as a 
"professional thief. " 

With the assistance of Dean 
~alsh , Muir resident Rick Bayer 
IS conducting his own in-
vestigation of the general theft 
prob.lem.. He is compiling a 
detailed list from which he hopes 
to be able to isolate any trends 
and assist Dean Walsh in 
providing a workable solution for 
next year. Posters asking 
students with information on the 
problem to contact the Resident 
Dean have been placed around 
the dorms and Dean Walsh in-
te.nds to write a general letter 
With the same intent. 

fashion is 
our 

• 
maJor. 

MISSION VALLEY. GROSSMONT 

Page 4 Triton Times May 5, 1970 

AS President Jeff Benjamin studies new constitution which his 
successor will enforce. 

five Vie for Presidency 
Owen Joyner 
Staff Writer 

Five students have declared their candidacy for -AS President 
since petitioning began last Friday, the Stu.dent Affairs office re-
vealed yesterday. The candidates currently circulating petitions 
(which require 165 signatures) are ( alphabetically) Randy Erikson 
Karl Keating, Jim Magill, Mike Palclc and Brian Ritter. According 
to AS bylaws, any undergraduate student maintaining at least a 2.0 
average is eligible to seek the presidency or any other AS office. 
Petition deadline is tomorrow at 2 p.m. 

The candidates thus far announced represent a spectrum of 
approaches to student government ranging from the traditional 

'I will work harder ' platform to those favoring certain political 
ideology. 

Mike Palcic, known widely as' H.eavy', is presently serving as AS 
Vice- President and chairman of the Coffee Hut Committee. 
Palcic 's platform advocates continued expansion of. the enterprises 
which his present administration has helped to create • . He .has 
stated that he wants the AS to be • problem solving oriented' and 
not just a 'debating club.' ,. . 

Jim Magill has been involved in AS affairs for two years. He 
is now Upper Division Senator and program Board Chairman. He 
was a key contributer to the new AS Constitution and beUeves he 
has the ability, by virtue of his vast experience, to make the new 
Constitution work. His platform is very similar to Palcic's and the 
major difference between the two candidates is admittedly one of 
personality. 

Karl Keating is presently serving on the Revelle Committee on 
College Affairs and is also editor of DIMENSION, UCSD's ' journal 
of moderate opinion.' He complains that currently there are no AS 
officers, save Bruce Morden, RevelleSenator, who actively soUcit 
student problems, ideas and suggestions· Keating promises that if 
elected he will spend a minimum of 10 hours a week canvassing 
the dorms in order to ascertain exactly what the students' needs 
are. 

Brian Ritter sees it as important that students assert their rights 
to freedom and happiness and stand up to the university or the 
government when those rights are denied. 'I will go beyond my 
power as president if need be to fight racism, the war , and the 
exploitation of the poor wherever and whenever it surfaces in 
the University and the community.' Ritter is currently working 
for the creation of a 'free-dorm' which would serve as a crash 
pad for whoever needs a place to stay. 

Randy Erikson, who was Ritter's running mate when the latter 
sought the presidency last year, is active in the Libertarian- Ob-
jectivist Movement. He is interested in seeing the fourth college 
on this campus being sold to a private .corporation.He is presently 
captain of the Phoenix Mutual Life softball team. 

GULLS NEST PUB 
PRESENTS 

TUESDAyS .... 
MEXICAN DINNER 
two enchilada 
beans and rice 60~ 
beer ·35Y 
6:00 to 10:00 p.m. 

WEDNESDAyS .... . 
FOLK SINGERS "HOOT" NIGHT 
bring your guitar, banjo, etc. 
8:00 p.m. 

THURSDAyS .... 
SPORTS, FIGHTS, AND OLD TIME FILMS 
7:30 p.m. . 

FRIDAyS .... 
HAPPY HOUR "DRINK-IN" 
hosted by Robert L. Collins 
KCBQ disc jockey 
hot hors d'ouvres free 
drinks 50~ 
5:30-8:30 p.m. SATURDAyS .... 

"LIVE TURTLE RACES" 
enter your own turtle 
8:00 p.m. 

3595 SPORTS ARENA DRIVE 
SAN DIEGO 


