
----

Communications Board Mediates 

Control of Campus Media 
Hotly Contested 

Steve Landau 
Contributing Editor 

Editor's note : (This is the first of two ar-
ticles discussing campus media in the 
University of California and the force s that 
control them. This article looks at the 
Communications Board and the three 
UCSD student publications. On Friday the 
Regents and the Canaday resolution will be 
dflcu. •• d.) 

Manuel de Jesus Hernandez 

Control over campus media is an issue over 
which many a college campus has had its share 
of bitter struggles. UCSD, in its short history, 
has seen a procession of student publications, 
and much conflict over their nature and means 
of funding. The appearance of a third student 
publication on the scene a few weeks ago makes 
the field even more crowded. 

Up until now the battle over campus media 
has been waged on a local level- between 
competing staffs, between different factions on 
the same staff, between the staff and college 
governments andL9r administrators. The title 
of "campus newspaper" has been hotly 
contested at times, as have the limited amount 
of student funds available. 

Regents Tbicke~ Plot 

Now the plot has thickened with the 
appearance of the UC Board of Regents on the 
scene. Their input into the student newspaper 
scene has yet to be determined . This will be 
discussed further in the next article in this 
series. 

For the time being it is the UCSD 
Communications Board which continues to 
serve as a forum for the resolution of conflicts 
regarding campus media. This body, advisory to 
the Chancellor, was e tablished , according to 
its constitution " to provide for the promotion, 
maintenance, and regulation of campus 

communicatiort media at UCSD." 
The Communication Board con ists of two 

students appointed by each college government, 
two undergraduates appointed by the AS, two 
graduate students and two faculty memb rs, 
and one representative appointed by the Dean of 
Student Affairs. 

This is the third year that the Triton Times 
has be n the only publication that the 
Communications Board has funded on a major 
scale. In its first year of operation the Time 
was funded equally with the Indicator, until the 
latter went bankrupt later that year. 

In its new constitution the Communications 
Board codifies what had already been a de 
facto policy. A distinction is made between 
official and other student media . The 
Communications Board has formally as umed 
the role of owner and/or publisher of the three 
official media provided for- a newspaper, radio 
station, and yearbook. This currently includes 
the Triton Time and KSDT ; the last yearbook 
to be published was in 1967. 

The official media get the lion's share of 
available funds. But they also are subjected to a 
far greater degree of control by the 
Communications Board than are the other 
media. Since they are official student meJia, 
the Board retains the authority to insure that 
they are fulfilling their service function to the 
community. 

Control of Board is Slight 

The Board has never exercised prior 
censorship, and its control over day-ta-day 
operations is light. However, it has always had 
review power over chief executives of all 
media , and this year will choose the editor-in-
chief of the Triton Times from applicants (as 
well as tation manager of KDST ,. 

Beyond that its power re ts mainly with 
critici m after the fact ; it serves as an appeal 

Volume r r, Numher rs University 01 Calilornia, San Diego 

Karl Keating 
body for complaint and could conceivably 
censure newspaper policies or particular 
articles. For the most part, though, the editor-
in-chief (or station manager ) is delegated 
responsibility in most areas, much as the 
Chancellors are delegated powers by the 
Regents. 

What about the oth r m dia? Over the years 
the Triton Times alone ha n't seemed to sati fy 
the journali tic craving of the entire student 
body. The Indicator continued publishing for 
quite some time after 10 ing its fund , but I 
now defunct. Dimension popped up last year 
and , along with the Indicator, received minimal 
funds from the Board . 

(continued on page 3) 

TuesJay, Novemher 11, r910 

Chancellor Heynes to Step 
Down Before June 30 

Advi e to ucce or 
Heyne said he would advise hi uccessor "always to make 

decisions on the basis of what is right for the campus. You can 
never use as a compass what any group tells you and you 
cannot survive as a political organism." The hancellor said 
he wa depressed with the shape of the Berkeley campu . ' 'I'm 
in pired by how sturdy and tough the campus i ." 

Med School Explai~s 
.Minority Program 

Craig Oren 
Assistant City Editor 

Daily Californian 
BERKELEY (U IPRESS) hancellor Roger Heynes 

announced Friday that he has resigned hi post at the 
University of California, Berkeley. His resignation will take 
effect when his successor is chosen, but no later than June 30. 
Heynes, who has b en Chancellor since 1965, said he will accept 
an appointment at the University of Michigan. There he will be 
a profes or of Psychology and Education and will do research 
at the c nter for the tudy of higher education. The Chancellor 
told a crowded news conference in California Hall that he wa 
resigning " for a variety of personal, family , and professional 
reasons. Health wa a factor , but not a primary one," Heynes 
who suffered a mil h art attack last January said . " A campu 
such as B rkeley places many demands on one, demands that 
cannot b d legated no matter how competant your staff is. " I 
find I can no longer meet the demands," he ontinu d. 

He empha iz d that " . am not mad at anyone, anybody. I am 
nota casualty, I'm nota martyr." 

No Pre sure from Regents 
". find I can work a 10 hour day, I can no longer work a 16 

hour day ." Heyn al 0 denied reports that pressure from the 
UC Board of Regent was the cause of the resignation. "There 
hasn't b en the slightest pressure from th Regents." Heyne 
said. "Th re hasn 't b en any concerted effort to my knowledge 
to remove m ." 

In a brief statem nt to 52-year old Chancellor said,"Taking 
many consideration into account, I've decided to continue my 
career in higher education in a different capacity. In particular 
• hav wanted the time to tudy the organizational problems of 
the univ r ity today and to teach in that area . 

"For this has b en a diffi ult deci ion ," Heyne read in a 
calm steady voic . " ... even in it mo t difficult mom nts 
Mrs. IJeyn sand • have not regr tt d our decision to com 
here ... " 

Oeci ion Made With Reluctan e 
"My d cision to I ave has b en mad with th greatest 

rcluctan e." lIeyne expres ed confidenc that th Regent 
would ppoint a hi ucc s or " a man who ha worked with 
the faculty and th campu community. I'd be very surpri d if 
my suc sor did not have the kind of upport I'v r ceiv d. I 
don 't think the Board of Reg nts will mak a politi al 
appointm nt. " H yn s said he had d cid d la t April, before 
last pring' r con titution and hi hart atta k last July, to 
begin to think about accepting opportuniti I wh r . When. 
came to Berkeley ix year ago, I told my taff that. thought 
one could u up his energy and credit within fivp to ven 
year . I think I've don pretty well. " he said. 

He warned that the campus could be jeopardized by budget 
cuts. " I'm very very troubled about under support. We need 
money to attract the best faculty and for experimental 
programs." Heynes attributes budget cuts to " the negative 
image" of the campus and " the general public skepticism, 
about higheredu ation." 

This problem isn't limited to California ,. he added: Heyne 
denied charges that he has been "overly lenient" with campu 
protesters here. " . think if you look at the kind of people who 
say I've been too lenient and the kind of p opl who say I'm too 
tough, you'd probably conclude I ve don a good job" he said 
rily. 

Formal Announcement 
Heynes made the formal ~nnouncment after informing his 

staff which filed omberly out of the room after heanng the 
news. Heyn himself seemed more relaxed than during past 
appearances in the usual lines of worry appeared absent from 
hi face . U President Charle Hitch said he accpeted th 
resignation "with a deep feeling of sadne , for he !Heynes ) 
has m ant much to me and even more to th University. He has 
presided over the Berkeley campus duril)g on of the mo t 
difficult time in its history and the academic communty and 
the state are deeply in his debt. " 

William French Smith, th Conservative chairman of th 
R gents, al 0 greet d the news with " regret". We are grateful 
to him for his dedicated ervice to the University." 

"Roger Heynes' departure will b a great loss to Berkeley" 
said Mark hristianson, Chairman of th Academic enate. " I 
believe in year to come he will b en a having been a greal 
chancellor ... "Th faculty owes Roger He nes a great debt of 
gratitud ." 

One of Heyn s predece ors, Edward trong, aid " I'm very 
orry h feels the need to re ign. He has done very fine rving 

a a chanc llor and. a urn that h an't carry n I'm sorry 

I?obert Miller 
Stoff Writer 

(continued on page 2) 



Sum 
In I 

r Study Program 
y Announced 

Naples, Rome, and Florence will serve as sites for a new 
summer stl·dy program to be conducted by members of the 
University of California, Davis faculty. Sponsored by UCD 
Extension, the program is open to students and faculty of 
colleges and universities throughout the state. 

The announcement was made Friday, November 13, at a 
colloquim on the Davis campus of faculty and graduate 
students concerned with medieval studies. The summer 
session, entitled "Medieval and Renaissance Program in 
Italy," will offer twelve UCD Extension credits, convertible, 
on many campuses, to regualr credits with the consent of 
appropriate departments and deans. 

. Professors William M. Bowsky (History) , Sherwood A. 
Fehm (Art), and Enrico MarelIi (Literature) will be program 
instructors. Each will teach a course in his own specialty, 
integrating content with visits to sites of artistic, 
architectura I, and historic interest. The courses will be 
taught in English and will emphasize such topics as the 
development of the Italian city-states from commune to 
principate; the works of Giotto, Leonardo da Vinci , and 
Michelangelo ; the concepts "Middle Ages," " Humanism." and 
"Renaissance; " and the writings of Dante, Boccaccio, Lorenzo 
de' Medici, and Machiavelli. Optional Italian lessions will be 
offered free of ch~rge. 

The program, in its entirety, will last nine we(;!ksand will 
include visits to Montecassino, Orvieto, Todi , Assisi , Lucca, 
Pisa, Spoleto, Siena, and S. Gimignano. Students will leave San 
Francisco for Rome, via a regularly scheduled TWA flight, on 
Wednesday, June 30, 1971. They will return, via TWA, from 
Milan on September 2. 

Cost of the summer study program is $1460. This includes 
course fees (students are required to take all three courses 
offered ), transportation to and from Italy, excursion and 
admission fees within Italy, semi-private room , and board 
(three meals a day) . 

There are no prerequisites. The program is open to a 
maximum of forty-five students, and pre-Christmas 
enrollment is strongly suggested. Deposits from partiCipants 
must be received no later than January 15, 1971. 

Interested persons should contact Mrs. Rosalie Trew; 
Program Representative, UCD Extension, Box HH , Davis, 
California 95616, Telephone (916) 752-2381. 

CONTRUVERSIAL 
BOOK STORE 

The Look: 
CALCULATING 
The Slacks! 

No-Iron solids, stripes 
and plaids. 
sa to It I pllrl 

liD PEGGERe FLARES 

POle 2 

PLAZA CAMINO REAL 
CARLSBAD 

(Melro Ticket ArCy) 
FASHION VAn, 

Triton Time, November 17, 1970 

The Ponte Vecchio, Florence. This well-known bridge across 
tbe Arno has been in continuous use since the 14tb century. 

lDU!1 
The San Jose Demonstrators 
SAN JOSE, Calif. (CPS)-Student leaders here are saying 

that the pelting of President Nixon's car several weeks ago by 
anti-war demonsrators did not constitute " thE' 1reatest danger 
to the life of an American president since the death of John 
Kennedy," as the national press has reported. 

San Jose State College student body president Bill Langan 
has written a letter to Nixon condemning the violence, and 
blaming it on a handful of non-student agitators. Langan said 
press reports had blown the incident out of proportion, and 
indicated that "provacateurs" in the crowd were probably not 
associated with any of the student anti-war groups. 

Chris Mosler, director of the SJS Student Community 
Involvement Project, says people from his organization 
cleaned up the debris after the incident, and found little to 
warrant any "grave danger." 

Mosler, who was also present during the demonstration, 
said, "I've been in worse rock fights when I was 10 years old. 
We had marshalls covering the whole area and none reported 
that anything like a hailstorm of rocks attacking the 
motorcade. " 

Cliff Mattoi , a reporter for the SJS Daily Spartan, 
concurred: " I saw hardly any rock throwing. Most of the stuff 
thrown was wadded up pieces of leaflets that were passed out 
before the demonstration." 

Just before the missles began flying, Nixon stood atop the 
hood of his limousine, faced the demonstrators, and waved 
both his arms in this common " V" symbol. Smiling, he turned 
to an aide and said, "That's what they hate to see. " 

This move so outraged the demonstrators, said Mosler, that 
they began throwing things at the President. One object, first 
thought to be a rock but later proved to be an egg, whizzed by 
Nixon's ear and hit a Secret Service man. 

"'They weren 't throwing rocks," said Mosler, "Most of them 
were just pissed off by the "V" sign, and began wadding up the 
leaflets they had in their hands, and threw them. 

A Greyhound bus carrying the White House press corps was 
said to have had one of its windows pierced by a rock . Mosler 
says, "We have been trying to rind out where that bus is. Both 
the San Francisco and San Jose depots deny having it. We 
searched the area looking for pieces of plexiglass, which those 
bus windows are made of, and found none. 

When the polic~ responded to the demonstrators, they went 
after certain demonstrators in the crowd, pulled them behind a 
police van, and then let them out. "The police did not seem to 
think the demonstration warranted that much of a reaction," 
Mosler said. "Only seven hard casualties were treated for first 
aid ." 

According to Mosler, the police were blocking the 
demonstrators from 'reaching ixon when he stood atop his 
limousine, but when they began herding the crowd, they 
directed it in the direction of the motorcade. "While being 
chased by the cops, [ came within 10 feet of Nixon's car," 
Mosler reported. By that time, Nixon and other of£icials were 
safe within their vehicles. 

The Secret Service has remained in San Jose to investigate 
the incident. No arrests have been made, but Nixon and Gov. 
Reagan have called for indictments. 

Medical School 
(continued from page I) 

other people in this screening process," said Dr. Simon. 
As a result, a special subcommittee of the admissio~s board 

was formed . It is headed by Dr. Percy Russell , who IS on the 
faculty of the Med School. The subcommittee is composed of 
administrators, faculty, and students who are also on the 
regular committee. There are also some additional minori ty 
students from the Med School who serve exclusively on the 
subcommittee. All members of the smaller group rotate the 
time spent on the committee with other members. 

This subcommittee serves as a liason to the entire 
admissions board. To protest the smaller group from becoming 
isolated and from lOSing its perspective, the subcommittee 
interviews all of the applicants, not just those from the 
minority community, said Dr. Russell. 

Recruitment Objectives Publicized 
The primary function of the subcommittee is to publicize tht 

recruitment objectives and to screen the minority students 
with more personal attention. 

" It is the purpose of this subcommittee to inform the 
minority communities that there is no basis to the ~lief that a 
minority student will be reTllsed entrance Into a medIcal school 
if he is qualified. We want to dispel this attitude and 
the minority students to apply. This in turn helps to focus 
attention of the minority community on the Med School. " 
Dr. Russell. 

In 1968, the first year of operation by the Med School , 
was not a count of how many minority students were 
since no research was done on those applications to determine 
the racial background of the student. Yet because of the 
increased err ort to enroll more iminori ty students. the Me(\ 
School had taken such a count for 1969, 1970, and presently for 
1971. 

In 1969 approximately 70 minority students applied. Out of 
these se~en were accepted and enrolled. In 1970, 140 applied of who~ 14 were enrolled. Presently 120 applications from 
minority students have been received with two months left for 
filing in which the bulk of the applications normally arrive. 

According to Dr. Russell, the process of "word-of-mouth" is 
primarily responsible for publicity concerning recruitment in 
minority communities. 
"The black and brown medical students here are very effective 
means for making the recruiting work. Meetings and 
discussions with their peers are the staple of our recruitment 
program," said Dr. Russell. 

EOP to Help Witb Program 
EO? will begin to participate in the recruitment program in 

the Spring and in the future . Acccording to Tony Valencia, 
EOP director at UCSD, the connection between the Med School 
and EOP in recruitment has been non-existent due to the heavy 
workload for EOP. 

Valencia said the EOP's connection in the Spring and in the 
future will be to work in helping minority students already 
enrolled in the Med School to recruit the minorities. 

"EOP wants to establish a program that will guarantee thaI 
communication between the Med School and the minority 
community is established so that the recruitment program will 
not just be a hi~ and miss affair, " said Valencia. 

Target Figure for Entering Minority Stduents 

Dr. Simon stressed tha t the Med School has set up a tar,.gel 
figure for entering minority students and that this figure 
definitely differs from a quota . 

"We aim for a number designed to fit into an over-all 
objective that could be supported even if it meant extra 
facilities or expenses would be required. If we reached the 
target figure of if it was exceeded we would be happy, bu t if the 
amount of applications fell short we would be extremely 
disappointed. 

"A qu'ota is the reverse since it is apparent when a large 
number of minority students apply but only a speCified number 
are admitted for certain reasons," said Dr. Simon. 

He added that at present there is not target figure Ilor 
any specific plans for establishing one, although it is still 
consideration. The recruitment program is always 
subject to re-evaluation said Dr. Simon. 

"We Are Embryonic In Our Development" 

"We can innovate, we can experiment, we can patch until 
other efforts taking place up and down the educational ladder 
take hold . There is no guarantee that our method is correct or 
is the optimum possible in this type of program. There are no 
guarantees offered As a. developing school with an open-
minded administration, faculty , and student body, we can be 
more innovative that can an older school that is satisfied with 
its policies. It must be remembered that we are still only 
embryonic in our development." stated Dr. Simon. . 

According to both Dr. Russell and Dr. Simon it is still too 
early to justifiably evaluate the success of the program. 

"The increase in applica tions by minority students is 
basically due to word-of-mouth. ] think we've convinced the 
minority community that our effort in recruitment is not one of 
tokenism," said Dr. Russell. 

Adolfo Correa, a first-year Med student was non-cimmltal 
about the program. He was not yet directly involved with the 
recruiting but planned to help in the future. So far only a few of 
the minority students at the Med School have been able to 
actively particiapte, but they too are limited because of their 
individual study loads, said Correa . 

Dr. Simon is happy with the prngram's progress to date ; but 
concerning its long-range objective of improving health care in 
the United Sta tes, he feels it is too early to properly analyze or 
even think abou t. 

"The people at the Med School want this project: as wltb all 
other programs here, to go as far or as fast as we would ute," 
Or. Simon. concluded. 

Communi(ations Board Medic-tes Students Approve AS ~eferendum 
(continued from page 1) 

Now there is the Tbird World paper, which 
seeks to give voice to yet another viewpoint on 
campus. This newspaper grew out of an 
arrangement last year with the Triton Times 
whereby two four-page supplements were 
published. This year the Third World Editor, 
Manuel de Jesus Hernandez, and his staff 
sought a separate structure; his paper will 
publish on alternate Wednesdays and he would 
like to be able to expand to eight-page editions. 

TW Paper Classified Student Opinion Journal 

Because Communications Board by-laws 
specify that only one medium of ~ach type shall 
be recognized, the other publicatIOns have 
gained recognition as student opinion journals. 
The ladleator was a journal of " leftist" opinion 
and Dimenlioa a journal of " moderate" 
opinion. 

The TIdrd World paper is also classified as a 
student. opinion journal, but Hernandez sees it 
as a newspaper. "Calling ita journal is based on 
the premise that it presents biased opinion," he 
says. "The Trit.. Times has an all-around 
campus objectivity; we have an all-around 
TbIrd World objectivity." Hernandez also 
asserts that his paper doesn' t identify with 
either the political right or left. " We aren't 
operating on a political basis; we (the Third 
World community) just have a problem to solve 
and are trying to solve it. " 

Karl Keating, managing editor of Dimension 
would take issue to that statement. He classifies 
the Third World paper as being leftist-oriented. 
He also lumps the Communications Board into 
this category and charges that the body uses 
political criteria to determine which 
organization should or should not receive 
funding . 

Dimension Drops 'Moderate' Classification 

Dimension, which has been publishing on a bi-
monthly basis for over a year now, 'recently 
dropped the classification of "moderate" from 
its logo. A recent editorial by Keating would 
seem to be a battle-p lan for the campus right-
wing faction to seize power from the left. 

It is the issue of support that has made the 
Communications Board a vital body. Its 
members solicit funds from campus funding 
sources, the two primary ones being ASUCSD 
and University Registration Fees. This year 
they received $17,000 from the AS, an increa 
of some $4 ,000 over last year. The $19 ,.425 
received from Regents Fees was the fIrst 
support received from that body for regular 
operations. (Both bodies gave supplemental 
allocations to the media during the course of 
last year. ) 

The Triton Times received $21 ,000 in support 
this year, a sum that is supplemented by 
advertising revenues of nearly $17,000. KDST 
was allocated nearly $8,500. The remainder of 
the Communications Board 's $54,425 budget 
goes toward supplies and salaries for the 
Communications Board, depreciation and 
capital equipment, and a reserve for programs 
and projects. 

It is from this reserve fund, some $3,000, that 
the Communications Board intends to fund the 
TbirOWorld paper. They have allocated $525 
thus far for publications of four issues through 
January. The Board also prov,ides complete 
production equipment free-of-charge to any 
papers that wish to use them. 

No Funds Angers Keating 

Dimension hasn 't received any funding this 
year, and this has angered Keating. "The Board 
tends to look at things through political 
spectacles; either we (Dimension and Third 
World ) should get equal funding or nothing. 
According to Keating, Dimension will continue 
pUblication at the current level , ~ut is having 
trouble maintaining financial solvency. 

Craig Starr, Communications Board 
chairman and a Muir Senior, explained recently 
that the lack of support for Dimension is 
basically due to practical considerations. Ife 
cites their access to outside sources of funding 
as the main reason ; the paper gets its money 
through outside contributions as well as 
advertising. According to Starr, the Third 
World paller has been asked to get advertising, 
presumably enough to cover 50 per cent of its 
costs. 

As this controversy continues, UCSD's 
publications continue to deluge the campus with 
newsprint. In an average week three editions of 
one or the other hit the campus. But how do they 
view their relationships with each other and 
with the campus? 

"The Trltoa Times is fair in its news 
presentation,(better than it was the last two 
years) , and presents a wide range of opinion," 
uys Keating, "but its editorial policy is left-
Uberal, Eugene McCarthy." According to 
Keating, Dlme •• loa started because the TllDet 

and the Indicator were no different. It was felt 
that the right-of-center faction on campus had 
no regular forum . Says Keating : "The Times 
still doesn 't present the material we can 
present; even if it were an ideal newspaper 
there would still be a need for ours." 

The Third World paper's raison d'etre is 
summed up by a quote from the BSC/MA YA 
demands for Third College, although the paper 
has no ofCicial connection with the college: "We 
now seek to learn about ourselves from a 
minority perspective." 

TW Paper Aimed at Entire Community 

According to a lead editorial in the first 
edition, the paper will help minority students 
"express (their ) goals and aspirations, the 
present issues on campus and how they affect 
us, the educational and social life in the 
University and how it relates to us and our 
communities." Thus, it states, the paper will 
serve as a means of communication among 
minority students, as well as being aimed at the 
entire UCSD community. 

The Triton Times, as the campus newspaper, 
generally has the responsibility of providing 
balanced news coverage, as well as access to 
opinion columns for a wide range of viewpoints. 
According to 'IT chief Haywood Gammon, the 
nature of the other publications on campus is 
something entirely diCf erent, since they do not 
have these obligations. "We are able to give 
adequate representation to all viewpoints, but 
they want to be able to express their ideas to the 
fullest extent without editing, and there's no 
good reason why they shouldn't be able to." 

The three resolutions on last week ' s AE 
referendum were passed by a vote of the 
undergraduates. The resolutions covered the 
questions of the legitimacy of campus strikes, 
student violence, and the ability of the AS 
Council to pass resolutions in the name of the 
student body. 

Over 60 per cent approval of the three 
questions was given by the students. A total of 
1310 voted which is 31 per cent of the 
undergraduate enrollment. 

According to Mike Palcic, AS President, 
these resolutions only serve to re-affirm 
already existing policy. It has been the 
philosophy of the University that it is not 
legitimate to pass resolutions in the name of the 
students, to condone violence and to approve of 

~tudent strikes. 
"I'm not at all surprised with the results. 

These resolutions were difficult to vote against. 
The students showed that they were against 
violence and that they favored constructive 
action to alleviate the problems. I'd like to see 
some of this peaceful, constructive action," 
said Palcic. 

The referendum was sponsored by two 
Revelle freshman, Mike Sheerin and Shannon 
Walker, through a petition they had circulated. 

Concerning the vote results , Sheerin said that 
the voters had demonstrated their faith in an 
effective AS government that the present 
government apparently does not share. 

"The election represents a fatigue with 
meaningless disorder, infantile revolutionists 
and repressive tolerance," said Sheerin. 

According to Palcic, this vote will have no 
tangible effect on the campus community. 

" They were Motherhood resolutions, a 
continuation of the gung-ho, Sljltus-quo feeling 
on campus. It was really hard to say no to a 
resolution that favored the use of violence," 
said Palcic. 

Sheerin said that Palcic had'urged the voters 
to waste their ballots by registering a vote of 
abstention. 

;'This action IS a charactenstic example of 
Palcic's arrogant contempt for the expression 
of the student's opinion. The referendum results 
are a clear repudiation of that arrogance, " said 
Sheerin. 

Palcic had previously stated that the 
referendum was totally irrelevant and 
meaningless . He had urged an abstention 
recorded by the students to show that they have 
to continue to live within the regulations. 

There was an effort by a group called Flat 
Earth Society to get the students to record a 
vote of abstention on the resolutions. According 
to a member of this group, this drive was 
employed to show that a yes vote merely 
reflected continuation of previous policy and 
that a no vote was an important action. The 
society felt an abstention showed that the vote 
was meaningless. 

Between 17 per cent and 21 per cent voted to 
abstain on the three resolutions. The 31 per cent 
turnout compares with 27 per cent in last May 's 
presidential run-off, and the 22 per cent which 
approved the new AS Constitution. 

The Slacks: 
liD CUSTOM 
CONTOURS 

Moderately flared, heel-
to-toe slant, flap 
pockets. No-iron solids, 
stripes and paHerns 
,,0 to $12 a pair. 

UCSD Legal Defense Fund was reactivated to raise bail for C6rlos Calderone, Cbicano editor of 
"El Barrio", and for tbe defense of Angela Davis, and tbe ~Iedad Brotbers_ Half tbe money raised 
will go to Calderone wbo is charged witb soliciting for tbe commission of murder (for supposedly 
bis participation in STP Day), criminal syndicalism, and possession and manufacture of a fire 
bomb. 

CRESCI'S C , M 
No. 0,.. E ... i •• ,- hHda, '.roulh FriM, 5:. t. . ,.. 

Try ..... ....,.,..,., 
TUlSDU 

_, 11011 ... d.i,. 
.. 1M •• d ""VIr.,. 

", 

'nitli. ,,..htlli 
(holl·hll) 

111M. roll. ""." ... 
", 

l0iii·' 
.. 1M. "It, "",.r.,. 

'1.10 

WEDNESDAY 

IfIth'li. _, ""lis 
.. 1M. lOll, "",,' ... 

'1.1, 

dll(k •• ",cI.It,1 
.. 1M. ,.11. "",., ... 

'1.11 

TNUISDU 

....... d.i<. 
,.'.'0 .. 1M 0' 
"It ,I •• 
,I(kl •• ""'''0,. 

'1.10 

It ..... 
111M. rolt . 
"",.r ... 

'1 .10 

FRIDAY 

.""I ... ,.1I't 

.. 1M .... """' ... 
'1.10 

cr.kl"" 
.hilt ,I d,os,i .. 
ralt.1Id ""''' ... 

PIZZA at any tim.! 
CRESCI'S C & M 

Deli and Restaurant 
7833 Girard Avenu. 
La Jolla, Calif. 92037 

phone: 459·5191 

HANlrT£N T-SHlR.TS 

IN YoUR CLOSET 

Triton Time, 

A-I', hHHo-Io. ,'.nt. 
rm 
The Action 
Man Slacks 

Fashion and Casual 
Cloth.s for Men 

459-5323 
7914 GiTord 

La Jolla 

Noy.~berI 7, 1970 Page 3 



tr ton tiIlles ~lection Returns LETTERS T9 THE EDITOR, 
University of California, San Diego 

u Joll .. California 92037 
l714) 453-2000, .xt. 1016, Advertising .xt 1017 

Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The editorials .xpr.ssed INlow or. approved by the TRITON TIMES Editorial Board. All other opinions 
e •• 1Ied on this page or. those of the author, whow names appear in the bylines, and do not 
_uarily r.flect the views of the TRliON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit motorial to be published in 
thit section should .nd it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blok. Hall, UCSO. 

Give Them A Cold Shower 
Perhaps the most unpopular like uttering dirty words. Never· 

theless, we feel that since it is very 
difficult to prevent such actions by 
rules and threats from the ad· 
ministration, it should . be up to the 
students to discourage such actions , View from F antasyland The brother-sister concept should not > __________ ~;,... __ 

The Unruh Campaign 
Lance Leven thaI 

The Los Angeles Tirr. ~ s characterized Jess 
's campaign for governor as an 

irresponsible pitting of the have·nots against 
haves". In fact Jess Unruh revived the old 

ist appeal ; he based his campaign on the 
ilable differences between the public 
and the corporate interests. He turned 

from the Democratic role as spokesmen 
government contractors and inflation· 

inded busine smen. By coming suprisingly 
to victory Unruh may have opened the 

a more meaningful realignment of the 
I parties. 
Unruh entered the 1970 election with a 

ublic reputation, powerful Democratic 
es. and a seemingly invulnerable 
ent. He had neither charismatic appeal 

controls and penalties for industrial pollution. 
He went on to question the intentions of the 
corporate e tablishment in a way urprisingly 
similar to that employed by campus social 
critics. Unruh asked how a governor supported 
by oil company executives could ever move 
against offshore drilling or refinery wastes, how 
one supported by car dealers could move 

. against automotive exhaust, how one supported 
by land speculators and the highway interests 
could move against the expansion of unplanned 
urban growth. Jess Unruh made the 
gubernatorial election into more than a question 
of which bankers or corporation would control 
the state government ; he stood instead as the 
opponent of the establishment. 

Defending Soc, 10 
In the latest issue of the . 

• Dimension weekly there is a 
commentary on the Sociology 
10 course presently attended by 
about 250 students. It is 
apparent that the writer of the 
article felt tha t the course is 
very political in nature and 
ultimately detrimenta l to a 
student's love of country. 

The alledged villans of this 
conspiracy against America 
are li sted as: "(1 ) Left·wing 
diatribes against society 
presented as text books; ( 2) 
Lectures which tend to confirm 
this bias; (3) prosyleli zi ng 
teaching assistan ts ; and ( 4) 
exams to make sure ha tred of 
Am e ri ca a nd self is 
rote learned ." 

editorials among students nowadays 
are ones like the following. Undaunted, 
we feel thet we are obligated, as a part 
of the University community, to speak 
out as students against the recent 
vandalism on campus. Four windows 
were smashed in the Revelle Provosts 
office and Muir campus recieved its 
share of spray paint. We feel that these 
acts of malicious mischief were un· 
warranted and reflected an ugly and 
deplorable segment of our community. 

be misused to the point of condoning 
any all types of mischief, especially 
when such things as broken windows 
and painted walls, while perhaps in· 
significant in relative terms, form an 
attitude which discourages the very 
dialogue which could have prevented 

Don't Co-opt Reality 
strong financial backing. He realized that 
old Democratic coalition of labor unions, 

and other advocates of additional 
legislation could no longer match the 

n coalition of wealthy contributors and 
• • ;",h j. "n,.t1 middle·class voters. He needed 

"'"I"lIll';o~ different and newsworthy on which 
base his campaign. 

UnrUh's new tactics resulted in harsh 
criticism from such liberal sources as the Los 
Angeles Times. Their di slike of the Reagan 
policies was overshadowed by th,is threat to the 
system of corporate interests. Jess Unruh had 
become an opponent of enlightened 
conservatism; he was calling for basic change 
in the power structure of the state of California . 

When quoting from one of the 
'left-wing political ' books, 
Institutional Racism in 
America by Knowles and 
Prewitt , the wri ter uses 
various lines from the book in 
an attempt to convince the 
reader that the book is 
extremist in nature. It seems 
under standabl e th at the 
writers . intended purpose is 
omitted from the quoted lines. 
The book is an attempt, by the 
writers, to find "a way of 
looking at racism which might 
sugges t more effective 
methods for eliminating this 
outrage in American oc iety. " 
(Knowles and Prewitt, p 126 ) 

We are all frustated at one time or 
another and in varying degrees, and it 
has become acceptable among some to 
vennhese frustations on the symbols 
of the establishment. When we mention 
alternatives to such actions, its almost 

Carl Neihurger 
Clearly this kind of appeal opened the way to 

an ideological realignment of the political 
parties. The Democratic special interests will 
certainly attempt to regain control. However, 
they will have to contend with more than just 
the poorly organized and weakly based party 
liberals; now they will have to deal with Jess 
Unruh, who has hown that his political skills 
are superior to theirs and who has promi ed 
that " he will be in California politics for a long 
time to come. " 

such actions. 
We feel that a person or persons 

caught in such acts of mischief should 
be reprimanded by their peers, and 
given a cold shower as well. 

Rather than advocating any particular 
political position and suggesting that others 
adopt my political views, today I feel like 
calling for the initiation of more surreal 
activities on campus. We have already taken a 
strong step in that direction last week by 
holding a surrealistic election : No issues were 

Racism and Justice 
at stake, no one gathered to debate the issues ; 
virtually no publicity existed other than 
announcements that a election was to be held ; 
the Associated Student Council even threw in 

A relatively obscure race that 
recieved only slight national publicity 
Nov. 3 was probably more significant 
than most. InP~sadena Superior Court 
Judge Alfred Gitelson was defeated in 
a bid for re·election be aerospace 
company lawyer William Kennedy. 

Gitelson had handed down the 
controversial ruling in February that 
all 579 schools in the Los Angeles 
school district must be racially 
balanced by September 1971. In win · 
ning Kennedy used such slogans as 
"No Forced Bussing", and "Keep our 
Children in our Neighborhood 
Schools." Besides losing, Gitelson 
nearly had an assassination attempt. A 
gunshop Qwner was charged with 
solicituing two undercover policeman 
to kill the judge with a machine gun 

the finishing touch by advocating that people 
and drive a nai I into his head with a vote to abstain, and yet one third of the student 
note reading : "This is for the niggers". body voted. 

Since judges are very rarely opposed ~ome cynics may not full y understand the 
for re-election Gitelson's loss had pomt of what has happened. They may attTlbute 
definite racial pol itical overtones. This ' the event to the stupidit~ of students and call it 
is sad for the judiciary in this country a tremendous waste of time and money, or use 
. t .' t I' t·t I f b·t f some other argument to explain events that I do ~s rylO~ 0 C 109 0 I S ro e ~ ar I er 0 not have th creativity to go into. Some die-hard 
lustlce 10 these troubled times, Ken· idealists on the other hand may even contend 
nedy's campaign was a cheap and that the election constit~ted a significant 
successful attempt to bring the expression of student opinion on the issues of 
judiciary down to a very base par· the day. 
ticsan level, 

The question of whether bussing is 
the best solution to the racial problem 
is a val id one. But Gitelson's ruling was 
legitimate and should have been 
respected. The fact that it wasn't 
shows the difference between North 
and South in racial attitudes is only in 
form. 

Taking a Surreal Outlook 

triton tiIlles 

In truth, however, the election should be 
looked upon as an artistic and political event. 
This can be done only by taking a proper, 
surreal outlook on the whole affair. Do not just 
consider the mundane idea that an election was 
held at which people voted on a question that 
was already decided ; consider the whole 
beautiful picture of how ballot boxes were set up 
around campus, and people who did not even 
know that an election was to be held , or what it 
was al\ about, dutifully came up to the tables 
and voted. Consider not only what this says 
about the individual election, but what it says 
about the non·political nature of " political" 
activities in general. 

Editor-in-Chief .. Haywood Gammon 
City Editor ...... . . Rich H eimli ch 
Managing Editor . ..... Mike Klaye r 
Copy Editor .. .. , , , Chu k Graham 
Bu iness Manager . .. . .. . J e ff Fri ed 

' Editorial Director . . Raoul Contre ras 
I Associate City Editor ... Owen Joyner 
I Carl Neiburge r 
Arts Editor .. .... . . . T erry Barak 
Sports Editor . . .•. .. Rocky Halron 
Photography Editor ... . John Zall e r 
Contributing Editor . .. teve Landau 

News Department 
Rod Lorang 
Juliano Cinque 
Rose DeCo.to 
David KapeluSlnik 
Kathy Ru.t 
Carl Neiburger 
Robert Miller 
Molly Selvin 
Bruce Morden 
Mike Kantro 
Mike Roth 
Brenda Wilson 
Miketyon. 
Mike T a.ney 
Jim Sill. 

Arts Department AdYertilin, 
Joy Gille"e Department 
Peter Gordon Mark Trilling 
Bobbie fink Su.an Cod .. 
Larry Johnson Molly Selvin 
A,tis" Secretarial StaH Sarah McKenna 
Allan Sekulo Steve Cohen 
George Saloni Marge VanVolken· burgh 
Asst Mana,in, Ed 
Joe Ea.tern Copy Department 
Camy Sharick Sharon Weldy 

Debbie Montgomory 
Production Glena Schroeter 
Dave Buchbinder Molly Montgomery 

1M litTON lIMES i. officially recogniled and ,upported a. a .tudent ne •• paper by th~ C~mmunicotion • . 80~rd 
of the Uni .... ity of California, Son Diogo, Building 250, Malfhe., Campu., to Jolla, Cohforn,a 92037. Pubhcaloon 
is twice " .. Idy o. T .. «Iay, and F'iday •. Offic .. are located in room 117, Bloke Hall, on the Revelle Compu •. For 
Advtrtiling ph"n, 0453 · 2000, XI 0 17 , for ed itorial or neWI phone Xl016. 

Traditionally, both elections and political 
demonstrations have been defended by the 
idealistic argument that the people as a 
sovereign power are engaged in expressing 
their opinions on how the country should be run, 
what their rights are , or something else of that 
order. Politicians try to tell us that their 
election to office constitutes a mandate from 
the people for the government to take certain 
actions. Now we see tha t an election can be held 
without any issues and have results that 
constitute no mandate whatsoeve~. 

What are the Important Elements of an 
Election? 

Dogs Gelling A Hard Time of UCSD. 

Page" Triton Times November 17,1970 

His visit to Henry Salvatori 's house, aimed at 
blicizing his long·standing concern with tax 

was the turning point. Jess Unruh, the 
manipulator of the lobbyists in 

• • "ro mpnln began to aim his campaign against 
pecial interests. I n a speech before the San 

Rotary Club, he called for " the 
tion of personal property taxes" and 

replacement by " hefty tax increases on 
ne s, indu try, and the wealthy." He called 

end to tax les and for strict 

This suggests that some of the important 
elements of elections, including the recent 
national elections, have nothing to do with 
deciding who should serve in office, or what 
policies t.he government should adopt. Perhaps, 
a more important element of elections is to give 
the people an opporunity to attend rallies, Ii ten 
to speeches , argue with their neighbors about 
why they should vote for whom, and stay up late 
election night waiting for the returns to come 
in. Perhaps elections give months of enjoyment 
to politicians who give speeches, newsmen who 
recite di scourses on who has the best strategy, 
and pollsters who try to calculate who will win, 
not to mention the thousands of campaign 
workers who give their all to the candidate of 
their choice . 

The Triton Times Wants 
To Publish Your Letter! 

Does the Sociology 10 cri lic 
believe that raci m does not 
exist in our society? Surely he 
can't be that naive. And 
because raci m does exi t, can 
it be anything less than an 
outrage? • 

Profes or Lyman is quoted 
as saying tha t, " Raci m 
para lied the rise of capitalism Similarly, political demonstrations provide 

the opportunity for people to tay up nights I-=--=--=-=--=--==-=-OE..=-"=-'="-=-=--=-==-=.. 
hassling with the police department over a ~ • It. 'rom busine .. corell '0 b,oc"u, .. 
parade route, hold meetings to organize t g 
peakers and monitors, and finally gather for p · n I n Publishing ! 

the grand event itself. People at demonstrations r I Xmas Cards & leiters! 
can feel united with hundreds or thousands of ~ 
their fellows in taking a stand on some issue; _ . S'1e,h',' •• tI'ltltSt.'lll.il,.'III.1 4SS'9rY •• ige"'1 they can feel secure that they do not stand alone , ... 
in holding some belief. 

People Can Feel [nvolved 
Both elections and demonstrations afford 

people the opportunity to participate in 
something together; to feel involved in an 
important activity and to know that they are 
being consulted about how some matter, 
presumably an important one , is to be decided. 
These activities are in themselves the 
expression and fulfillment of an important 
human need . 

The surrealistic element in these activities is 
extremely important. Contrary to the ideas of 
some, surrealism is not something entirely 
within the immaginatio[l, but a translation of 
reality from the mundane to a higher level. A 
surrealist sees and does things for the sake 01 
the objects and activities themselves, not in 
order to produce a lasting effect. A urrealistic 
object or event has its function in its existance 
and the interpretation placed on it existance. 
This column is not surrealistic. 

But it is not enough merely to do somethillg· 
Going to class is not surrealistic. To be 
surrealistic, the people involved must attribute 
to the real events a spiritual meaning that goes 
beyond the superficial. We need more 
surrealistic events on campus. 

... 1Is Inlll Itltionlry 
In .Itlrilla 

1II1I .. lrll cerdl 
plrty 100di 

IlOl16 coast stationers 
127 nDrth highway 101 sollnl b .. ch 

755-4923 

office luppli .. school supplias 

rters nnounces 
Christmas and Spring Charter Fligh~s To 
New York and Europe 

"Oan'l be misled by lower prices, investigate lirst! Fly with our reliable 
(horter group. Know the facts on your (harler (arrier belore you sign your 
appl i(ation . Don 't lake a (han(e with an unknown charter airline ." 

Christmas 1970 
• #612 Oakland·New York (JFK) r.l . Oil, 19·Jan 2(via 1.I.A.) 

(including tax) 113900 
#615 Oakland ·Los Angeles·Amsterdam (1.t.) Dec, I'-Jan. 2 (via l.l .A.) 

including tax s25'" 
#858 Oakland·London (r.l .) Dec. 1'·Jan. 3 (via rH. 
Ski Holiday in Innsbru(k, Austria O'C. I'-Jan. 4 inclu ing tax '24'" 
(Pri(e indudes round trip flight , alilills, hotels, breakfast for 14 days) 

#734 

#116 

Spring (one way only) Flights 14" " 
Oakland·l.A.·Amsterdam F .... 4, 1971 (via r.1.A.) 

including tax 113' " 
Oakland· London March 20, 1.71 (via l .I.A .) 

including tax '13' " 
AI """1 al • .,.,. ,. '''.'1, '''''''''''' ,'eR IHI4 I.(lIhy .1 
rile IIItlye,.l" .1 '.11.,.1. .. tI rlleir 1",lftOfIIe', 1..11/1.,. 
for application & further information write: 
C.I-Jet Charters or call (area code 415) 
2150 Green Slreet 922-1434 
Son Francisco, (A 94123 (after six and weekends) 
peciai:University of California Charter Flight to 

Australia and New Zealand with stop in 
Tahiti set far summ.r 1.71 (wrile for full 

details now! ) 
Inter·European Student Charters Available Through CAL·JET 

Summer 1910 Europe S(hedule 

and the Protestant ethic. " 
This quote is used to present 
Dr. Lyman as one which holds 
that the elimination of racism 
can only be brought about by 
the demise of capitalism and 
the Protestant ethic. Such is 
just not the case. 

Taken in co ntext , the 
sentence is used as a 
c1arifica tion of the origins of 
racism and as an aid in the 
placement of those beginings in 
the ir prope r hi storical 
perspective . 

A similar situation exists 
with repsect to this supposed 
"hatred of America" instilled 
in the students by the exams. 
The essay mid·terms simply 
ask the student to have read the 
material and be able to 
ela borate on their 
interpret.ation of the ideas 
propounded by the sources It 
does not tell you that you must 
adopt the view of any 
particular person (s ) and 
incorpora te those views as 
integra l parts of your 
philosophies. 

Typica ll y, the article 
presents no contructive ideas. 
Moreover, it appears that once 
again the great conspiracy 
aga inst " America" has fa iled 
to materialize. 

Mark Daniels 

An Honest Student 
My name is Bette Wade and I 
am employed at the 
Registrar 's Office. I had the 
misforturne yesterday to lose 
my purse through a freak 
circumstance. This was at noon 
when there is of course much 
heavy traffic . I had all of my 
important posses ions in my 
purse of course, such as Credit 
Cards and Checkbook. I was 
really distraught. But for the 
honesty of Michael Palcic who 
is a student I probably would be 
in bad straights today. J would 
appreciate it if something was 
printed in the Triton Times 
applauding the actions of such 
a person. 

Sincerely yours, 
Bette Wade 

Express Your Ideas 
In Triton Times 
Send letters and columns to 

Editorial Director; 
TRITON TIMES 
117 Blake Hall 

UCSD 

Clearance Sale at Our Cost! 
STEREO COMPONENTS 

Scott-Dynaco-Kenwood 
Receivers-Amps-Speakers-Tape Recorders 

10 iollo music 
1128 wall 10 iolla 

34~ ~ GflJII) 
~('N/JIpO 

7'17·'~o 

459-3315 

mow. NoV." itt RT J p.M. 
FE~TUAINQ. 

The *1 ChlCaoo • Odta 810« 
PeItFO«ME~ 

JoHNNY sHINES 

C PluS , ot1tempor4l"Y BlotS 
SOUND Of: ' 

mf\RlO ~ DAVID 
a.l m',IS., t3.OD 

PSAtells 
ucSan 
where 
!Ggo: San Fra"lclsco. San Jose ~;acramento los 

".noPII'< HollywOod. 
b UIl)dnk dM Untatlo 

So go Fr m San Diego 

Triton Time. 

Call your campus r 
travel age/II. or PSA 

etves, ,au a 11ft. 

November 17, 1970 PageS 



Book Review 

Old Possum's Book 
Of Practical Cats 

Old Possum's Book or Praeliul Cals 
by T.S. Eliol. Hareourl, Brace & World. 75e. 

Tom Beer 
Arts Writer 

If your mother failed to introduce you to Macavity and his 
motley crew when you were pure of heart and innocent of 
mind, then it was probably a good thing. For Macavity is a 
fiend in feline shape and a monster of depravity. Other than 
this flattering description, Macavity is also the hero of T. S. 
Eliot's Old Possum's 800II of Practical Cats. The blurb~n the 
back cover points out that the book is irresistible to cat lovers, 
lovers of nonsense, and admirers of T. S. Eliot. Now I fit into 
the second category and it does myoid heart good-warms the 
cockles as you might say- to be able to get hold of that 
distinguished line of " English-literature-to-amuse-oneself-by" 
that probably got started with Edward Lear, and surfaced for a 
few abortive years in the United States with Ogden Nash. 

Old Possum is a collection of fifteen poems about va rious 
cats, and before the thought of T. S. Eliot's poetry drives you 
shrieking to your local cathedral, let's point out that it is 
ostensibly composed of children's poems. In other words, they 
rhyme and are easy to gurgle orr the tongue when aloud, for 
example : "There 's a whisper down the li ne at 11 :39 When the 
night mail's ready to depart, Saying 'Skimble where is Sk imble 
has he gone to hunt the thimble? We must find him or the train 
can't start' ." If you failed to get the clickity-clack effect then 
try reading the whole poem aloud a few times and get the feel 
of it first , 

At least Eliot makes his cats realistic . He almost seems to 
have a quabalistic concern with what name a cat can have, and 
in true religious tradition he produces a hierarchy of names: 
the family name, like Tabby, Peter, Plato etc., then a personal 
name like Munkustrap , Quaxo, Macavity etc. and fi nally a 
cat's secret ineffable name. No wonder cat fanc iers li ke the 
book. He deifies the creatures! Well anyway he symbolically 
deifies them. It's a bit difficult to imagine Growltiger, the 
sailor cat who is the terror of the Thames possessing too many 
divine attributes. Especially when one realizes that he was 
forced to interrupt his sensuous and amorous activities with 
Briddlebone in order to fight orr a horde of Mongolian cutthroat 
cats. Poweriul , earthy tuff this, couched in language to please 
the most ardent conservative 's ear. 

The book is sheer genius and deserves a place on the 
discerning read ~r ' s bookshelf right next to Alice, Through the 
Looking Glass and The Hobbit. It's also fu n, which is getting to 
be a rare qualit: in books nowadays. 

One caveat. II is a definite advantage to possess a knowledge 
of London, and London in the Thirties in pa r ticular . This was 
when London a,ld Liverpool were experienci ng large Chinese 
immigrations f10Al Shclllllll,,; and liang Knne and some of the 
racial attitudes of those days shows through. This is because 
Eliot's cats ar£ London cats and come in a ll the varieties of 
sophi tication tl,at a city of that size can provide. 

The book co' t9 75 cents and is published in the U.S. by 
Harcourt. Bra(e & World. but was originally publ ished by 
Faber and Fab ~r in the UK, who get an esoteric and cryptic 
reference on page 59. It is worth buying two or three copies 
because it makes an ideal Christmas present for your bookie or 
your wife. Luckily, Harcourt et al. kept the origi nial 
illustrations by icolas Bentley, who achieved a certa in 
notoriety by illustra ting 'How to be an Alien' by George Mikes,' 
and who left his imprimatur on Punch for a good few years. 

So if you don't think my recommendation is good enough, 
then be advised that Rober t Heinlein (doyen of American 
science fic tion writer ) list Old Pos urn as a book worthy of 
being locked up in a bomb h Iter with whether you are the 
type to end senten es with prepositions or not. 

Page 6 Triton Times November 17, 1970 

lIeeor" 1I~1ete 

P.t" Gorden 
Arts Writ" 

I really wanted Dreams' first album to totally 
knock me out. There seemed to be no reason for 
it not to. Randy Brecker, after all , attended the 
Eastman School of MUSIC, was one of the 
founding members of Blood, Sweat and Tears, 
has established himself in the tight New York 
studio scene and has played with jazzmen such 
as Gary MacFarland and Larry Coryell. His 
brother, Michael, also in the group, is a quite 
competent tenor sax man who has learned a lot 
from John Coltrane and Sonny Rollins. 
Drummer Billy Cobham has worked with Miles 
Davis and Horace Silver and has recorded with 
Joe Tex and Sam and Dave. The group is 
recorded by Columbia, which is not skimpy 
about studio time. The album cuts are longer 
than the inhibiting 2: 59 of AM radio. The entire 
second side is devoted to an extended work, 
" Dream Suite," which allows musical 
development and blowing space. After the rock 
of Bs&T and Chicago and the jazz of Miles 

Jon Woodward alld Paul Newman, as seen iD die fUm " WUSA." 

Movie Review 

• A 
Davis and Tony Williams, the time seems right Te rry Borak 
for a goup with a little more jazz than jazz/ rock Arts Editor 
and a little more rock than rock/ jazz. So what's Everything that the ads lead us to believe about WUSA is untrue . The 
wrong? billboards show a knife blade embellished with the American flag, a broadcasting 

The main problem, I feel , is that the group has microphone, and the call1etlers of radio station WUSA. Then add the human!?) 
not yet had enough time to let their style evolve. appeal of such notables as Paul Newman, Joanne Woodward, and Anthony 
It is quite obvious that the group is striving for Perkins, and it looks like good NOW entertainment. But that's okay ... that's 
that sound exactly halfway between jazz and what ads are for. 
rock- to the point where two plus two does not WUSA features Producer-actor Paul Newman playing a warmed-over version 
equal four . This is not to mean another of the same closed-mouthed' stoic who we saw in " Hud" , the " Hustler," and 
commerical compromise, it means combining "Cool Hand Luke." The only recognizable difference being that this time 
the emotional simplicity and "heaviness" of Newman is a down-and-out DJ , constantly toting a thermos-full of booze. Joanne 
rock with the soul and sophistication of jazz. Woodward plays an ex-hustler, who is the drawl-mouthed , simple-minded Dumb 
Miles managed to capture the rock beat in Blonde roomate of Newman's. They meet while both are out of jobs, new in town, 
" Bitches' Brew" but it is still jazz. BS&T and and on the make. 
Chicago have jazz harmonies and solos, yet 
their music is undeniably rock. Dreams wants Newman lands a job atO Amerikao oriented WUSA, dishing out patriotic dribble 
to enter the never-never land in between the two in-between Johnny Cash songs. Without correlation to the rest of the story, their 
musics. neighbor Anthony Perkins. wanders about through the black ghetto as a guilt-

ridden white social worker. He is assigned to a pol itically motivated get-the-
In Dreams' first LP, "Dreams" , all the blacks-off-welfare survey. being sponsored by the city's political hacks aod their 

ingredients for the desired fi nal product have frie nd , Newman's boss. Perkins tries to fi nd out what is behind the welfare 
been carefully chosen. John Abercombie's 
guitar is reminiscent of John McLaughlin in survey he is working on, and a ks neighbor ewman. Newman the stoic, good 
" Bitches' Brew"; Doug Lubahn 's bass has a naturedly tells him not to be concerned with people and to go to hell. 
nice Motown Carol Kaye funk to it. The brass Unlike the rest of today's movie , WUSA did not contain the traditional 
sounds like good Don Ellis at times ; Mike obligatory drug scene. This is not to say that we didn't see Newman's hippy 
Brecker, as I mentioned before, has Trane on neighbors turning-on, but the scene was not done with the typical Hollywood-
his mind. I can even hear a little Frank Zappa psychedelic camera point of view. What should be noted however, is that the 
thrown in . The trouble is. however, that two and entire film seemed to have been shot through the bleary eyes of Newman, the 
two still equals four . It is till too ea y to hear perpetual drunk . This may be only conjecture-it could have been how the film 
each of the ingredients separately. The Trane was viewed through the bleary, bored eyes of the reviewer. 
hasn't rubbed off on the Ellis which hasn 't In these late dark days of America, characterized by "Spiro Attacks'- on the 
rubbed off on the Zappa Two and two is not media, the fictional radio tation WUSA is giving the people of ew Orleans a 
quite five. line of hard-sell patriotism. The ki nd of vitriolic right-Wing rhetoric that we 

In spite of its slightly premature state, I might have .expected to hear from this station-a nd that which could have been 
already prefer Dreams to BS&T, Chicago or the an interesting part of the film (expecia lly in con trast to Newman's non-dialogue) 
new Don Ell is for that matter. The s'llmd, - never appears in the film WUSA. . 
though still embryonic , i fresh and exciting and Newman's theme that America has lost its human values was itself lost, and 
the album is most enjoyable. I only hope that nearly never found. It finally appears gracelessly near the end, as Newman 
their second album will live up to the potential add resses a God and Country rally-turned-riot. He praises America for its 
of the first. Until that time, take Dreams as humanitarian virtues, while Anthony Perkins is being brutally stomped to death 

rY'~ Il'''t;II·Po SSiBI LITlE S 
Films About Films 

A treat for film buffs is 
scheduled fo r Sherwood Hall on 
Friday , November 20, when 
the La Jolla Museum of Art 
will present a program of 
FILM ABOUT FILMS. The 
two documentaries on the bill , 
which will be shown at 7 and 
again at 9 p.m., are "The 
Making of Butch Cassidy and 
the Sundance Kid" and "The 
Epic That Never Was." 

" The Making of Butch 
Cassidy and the Sundance Kid" 
is a kind of fil m journal about 
the prod uction of last year's 
Western hit movie. A behind-
the -sc e nes loo k a t 
contemporary film making, it 
features the star of the Butch 
Cassidy original, Paul Newman 
and Robert Redford , discussing 
wi th the film 's direc tor , 
George Roy Hill , some of the 
crucial decisions involved in 
the making of the picture, their 
working relationships, etc. in 
a r unnin g voi c e -ov e r 
commentary, while the viewer 
is treated to location shots and 
actual rushes of the film . 

"The Epic That Never Was" 
is the reconstruction of the 
failure to complete the 1937 

filming of the late Josef von 
Sternbe.,g 's adaptation of 
Robert ' Graves novel , I, 
Claudius. 

An Al exa nd e r Kord a 
production , it starred Charles 
Laughton (in what many critics 
think could have been his 
greatest role, Emlyn Williams 
and Merle Oberon. About an 
hour of the film had been 
completed when Miss Oberon 
was hurt in an automobile 
accident. By this time there 
had been so many personality 
clashes over the principles 
involved in the production, that 
it was cancelled and never 
resumed. 

Actor Dick Bogarde is host-
narrator of "The Epic That 
Never Wa s, " conducting 
interviews with the survivor 
of the film in 1965 -- Von 
Sternberg, Williams, Oberon, 
Dame Flora Robson and 
various technical personnel. 
All the existing rushes of the 
uncompleted " I, Claudius" 
combine with the 
reconstruction of its ill-fated 
history to present a picture of 
Hollywood in its most opulent 
and succes ful era, 

The FILMS ABOUT FILMS 
program, an offering of EYR 

Campus Films, when shown at 
the Walker Art Center in 
Minnespolis last July , was 
called by Minnespolis Tribune 
columnist Will Jones, "The 
best show in town." Ray Olson, 
writing in the Minnesota Daily, 
found "The Epic That Never 
Was", " .. . as important a 
movie about a movie as ever 
was." 

Tickets, at a public donation 
of $2.00 , and $1.50 for students, 
are now on sale at the museum 
and will be available at the 
Sherwood Hall box office on the 
evening of the presentation. 
Derek and The 
Dominoes Concert 

DEREK & THE DOMINOS 
featuring Eric Clap ton in 
casual concert Sunday , 
November 22, 1970, 8:00 p.m. at 
Cal-Western's Golden Gym. 
Appearing with DEREK & 
THE DOMINOS will be TOE 
FAT. 

Derek is, of course, Eric 
Clapton ; who obta ined hi fame 
in the lat sup r group 
" ream." The Domino are 
Bobby Whitlock ; organ , guitar 
and vocals, Carl Radle ; bass, 
and Jim Gordon ; drummer. 
The group's name was 
conceived backstage at the 

London Lyceum where they 
played their first gig. The 
group needed a name, so as a 
joke the name DEREK & THE 
DOMINOS came lip -- and it 
stuck with them. 

Eric Clapton is nol unknown 
~to the pop world. In fact, the 
title " superstar" has been used 
to describe Eric. He has played 
with the Yardbirds, then with 
Ginger Baker in Cream and 
finally to Blind Faith which he 
says, " was very fraiL " 

After breaking with Blind 
Faith, Eric met Delaney 
and Bonnie. Eric has been 
considered the grea test 
guitarist in the world, but this 
is a title he doesn 't wish to 
wear. Compared to Delaney 
Bramlett, he is just another 
guitarist ; and he has learned a 
lot from Delaney's open 
enthusiasm to playing. 

With DEREK & THE 
DOMINOS will be a new heavy 
hard rock group from England ' 
- TOE FAT. The group consists 
of Cliff Bennett ; lead vocal and 
writer of most of the group's 
material, Alan Kendall ; lead 
guitar, Brian Glascock ; drums, 
John Glascock ; bass. The 
group's first album, 'Toe 
Fat," itself is hard rock music. 

View From The Rock 
Rocky Halfon 
Sports Editor 

INTERCOLLEGIA TE 
TRACK 

there will be 
a meeting 

fo r all those 
interested 

in 
intercollegiate 

track 
on 

Wednesday, 
November 18 

01 
7:00 p_m. 

in 

Ever since early 1953 Basketball has been going the route of 
the Jolly Green Giant. With the invention of the 7' 2" center, 
the whole concept of the game has changed radically ; gone are 
the days of Bob Couey, or Slater Martin. Now we have the era 
of the 6' 5" guard and the ubiquitous Dunk shot. But alas, there 
is still hope at UCSD_ In the planning stages there has been 
aired an astounding idea a 5' 9" and under basketball league . 
The revolutionary thoughts of this incredibly enlightened idea 
have shaken the foundations of the cellars of the world. 
Envisioned are thoughts of 4' 9" guards being intimidated by 
the awesof!1e presence of, gasp, s 5' 81/z" center (beware Lew 
Alcinder) and televised games seen coast to coast on, yes 12" 
TV sets. There is a whole new spectrum of thought that could 
be approached : a rise of a whole new cult of super heroes, 
remember Napoleon and Atila were only 5' 5" . Oh the whole 
thing is mind boggling. 

MD Tbe Cross country team, after losing its top legger relied on tbe limbs of deLeonardis to place 
the 
gym 

You may wonder why all the rigamarole about a pewee 
league. So here is my answer. For years now, SHORT people 
have had to take anything that is thrown at them ; They have 
sat quietly while people trip over them at night, elbow them in 
the head, and worst of all run away with their short girls. 
Enough, no more will this injustice prevail, Lee Johnson, 
under the supervision of Bert Kobiyashi 5' 4" has finaly agreed 
to give (us) an even break. We will be allowed ot use the gym 
with all the big guys, even at the same time, wow. 

What is needed now is a good response from our midget 
comunity, we have to go out and join a team, if we want to have 
a league. The Media Maggots are already commited to fielding 
two teams. We hope that the fact that the Maggots have so 
many short people will go unnoticed , but in case some one 
comments on this it should be pointed out to them that two of 
our greatest Americans at the moment, Pres. and VP, are 
about as low as you can get , and that if they at some time 
decided to play ball with all us short people, our League would 
be much helped. 

~'9" Basketball 
Hear Ye, Hear Ye, All those standing 5'9" and under no matter 
how low you go, there is a place for you in the sun · Find 4 
other short people like you and join the Pewee league in 
basketball. Remember the winners get a chance to play Rose 
Garden Elementary school in the championship play offs. 
Contact Lee Johnson PE Department, or Rocky Halfon X1016. 

OPERATION SURVIVAL 
HOW ABOUT A JOB?- PART THREE 

The application 'of electrical power to a profusion of tools ha 
accelerated the manufacture and use of engines of all sorts. 
Admiral Hynlan Rickover estimates the following: Today every 
industrial worker has machine power equal to 240 other workers 
to help him do his work; the power of 2,000 men pushes an auto 
down the highway; the average household has 33 helpers in th 
form of appliances; each locomotive engineman controls the 
equivalent strength of 100,000 men and every jet pllot conunan 
power equal to 700,000 men. • 

To state the situation another way, it would take the combined 
strength of 240 bUllon strong people-elgbty times the earth'. 
present populatioD-to equal the installed power in North 
America. 

But to get a proper perspective on this power, one would hav 
to amplify those billions much more, because technology will 
run 24 hours per day, 7 days per week. Machines do not tire as 
humans do. 

Well, what does the trend of power growth, and its social ef 
eets, mean to the future of this Continent? The amazingly 
simple Answers, coatalned In the very nature of No 
America's unique problem, have been patienUy awafting YOUR 
DISCOVERY, for over 40 years. But now, Time Is running out. 
PERATION SURVIVAL, P.O. Box 2019, La Jolla, Calif., 92037, 

Deleonardis Shines 
In District Meet 

Clark Rosen 
Sports Writer 

Crippled by the loss of injured Ed Avol , the UCSD cross-
country team had to settle for ninth team place in the NAIA 
District 1lI Championships Saturday at Cal Lutheran College. 
The final tally: Occidental 45 , USIU 69, Westmont 69, Biola 121, 
Whittier 178, Fresno-Pacific 180, Redlands 195, Azusa Pacific 
WI , UCSD 204, Claremont-Mudd 212, Cal Tech 255, Stanislaus 
State 343, Pasadena no score. 

The team's disaPPOintment was offset somewhat by the 
sterling effort of Bob DeLeonardi s. Bob's 25 :57 on the hilly 5.0-
mile course (with 30 mph winds) was good for eighteenth place 
in an impressive field of runners. Running his best race so far 
this season, the hard-working freshman fi ni shed ahead of 
several men who defeated him earlier this year. He was the 
first freshman in the race to cross the finish line. 

In this year's district meet the competition was considerably 
tougher than it was last season, when UCSD placed sixth. 
USIU's Swedish aces Peter Frederickson (24 :56) and Kenth 
Andersson (25 :03 ) took first and second places to lead their 
team to a second place tie with defending champion Westmont. 

Triton team captain Jerry King proved that he is now on the 
comeback trail , taking 38th in 27 : 19, and Clark Rosen (27: 56 ) 
placed 44th. Unfortunately it was a bad day for both Randy 
Twombly (28:09 ), 49th, and Kirk Newell (28:55 ), 59th. Mark 
Koide (38: 13) , in his first season of running, fini shed SOth. 

Ed Avol , who suffered a severe muscle spasm in his back 
that kept him idle for a week, bravely started the race bu t 
dropped out shortly after one mile. A review of the scoring 
shows that if Avol had been healthy and able to run an average 
race, the Tritons would have easily taken fifth in the meet. Ed 
has begun training again and should be in shape for the All 
Cal - Tournament on December 5. 

This Saturday most of the Triton runners will compete in the 
Junior National AAU Cross-Country Championships in San 
Diego 's Balboa Park. The 10,OOO-meter race begins at lUlO 
A.M. 
IIIGHTlY: 
1:10 

!:SO 
1:30 

UTIIOIIY 
PERKINS 

·IG~I 

apri 
PARK BLVD. AT lfNIVERSITY AVE. • 298'()577 

National Liberation in the Middle East A Stuffed Tortilla, A JUt of Win. 
and Thou-An Israeli View 

Mid-East Israe lis speak on self-determination in 
pol itics, offering the Isra eli sol ut ion to 
Palestinian problem. 

Tuesday, November 24th, 8:00 P.M. Hl Aud_, Revelle 
Sponsored by Jewish Student Association 

the 
Me.lcan Food 

a. Its best 
11".owr 

c • • M G.r .. ' 

AI Jones 
P.O. Box 4720 453·5844 

'.,1Ik 
..... 

COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANK 
327 F st_ folk arts 

blues, folk JIZZ , PAYS DONORS 
for service 
Tue_ Ih r u F r i. 

9:30 - 7:30 

rick on record 
lisa : pottery . jewelry. 
lutller, 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. II Mon. 

233 - 8328 

hind mad, clothes 
3753 indil 

(carner wlShington 
and india ) 

• 

• • 
• • 

R ay C harles 

DECEMBER 6 
SUNDAY 

PETERSON GYM 
8:00 P.M. 

• 

3,25 College Students 4.00 Public 

Tickets available at: 
AZTEC CENTER TICKET OFFICE 

or at the door 

Presented by ASSDSC 

Triton Tim.s November 17, 1970 Paget 



REGISTRATION WEEK 
TUESDAY, 

Novembe-r 17 
LECI'URES-noon, USB 2622 ; 
AMES Fluid Dynamics Film 
Series, Title of film , "Secondary 
Flow." 

1:30 p.m., 114S HL; Solid State 
Physics Seminar, Dr. G. Mahan, 
"Photo-emission in Metals." 

4 p.m., USB 2622; Chemical 
Physics Seminar, Dr. C. Bradley 
Moore . " Laser Studies of 
Vibrational Energy Transfer in 
Ga ses." 

MEETINGS-7:30 p.m .. Matthews 
Cafeteria ; Angela Davis-Carlos 
Calderon Defense Committee ; for 
the collection and use of fund s. 

MUSIC-S p.m., Recital Hall ; 
University Extension presents Big 
Joe Turner and Jesse Price Blues 
Band in concert. Price $2 students; 
$4 general, at the door. 

TV-9 p.m .. Channel 10 ; NB -Tv 
production of " Hamiel. " A 
television set will be in the 
Humanties Annex of the HL 
building for persons whishing to 
view this program. 

CLUBS-4 p.m. . soccer field ; 
Soccer Club. 

4:30 p.m.. Revelle Informal 
Lounge : Chrisllan Science 
Organization. 

S p. m .. 2A-2101 ; Bagpipe Band. 

WEDNESDAY, 
November 18 

LECI'URES-4 p.m., 2A·2301 : 
APIS Information Science 
Seminar; Dr. Robert Keyes, IBM 
Watson Research Center. "The 
Physics of Power Dissipation in 
Information Proces ing." 

4 p.m.. USB 2722 : Physics 
Colloquim ; Dr. Freeman Gilbert, 
"Ea rth Modes and Earth 
Structure. " 

7:30 p.m .. USB 2722 ; IS'5{ 'ES 
NOW, tonight's topic-" niversity 
Community's Future- Suburb or 
Slum." Discussion by involved 
citizens and campus 
representatives on the problems of 
the University community that is 
developing around UCSD. Tickets 
available at ED A, 250 MC. 

S p.m , Friends Meeting House, 
7380 Eads Ave .. Russell Johnson on 
Vietnam 

MEETI G -5 P m.. niverslty 
Lutheran Church . UCSD 
Ecumenical Students are havlOg 
dlOner and discussion in the student 
lounge. 25 cents Everyone is 
welcome 

6 p.m . USB 4020A : Alpha Sigma 
Phi 

7'30 p.m . 201 M . Black 
Students Union 
MUSIC-9 p.m., MUir Snackbar. 
Entertamment ight 

RADlO-6.30 p.m . KFMB-Radio 
(760 ), Dr Joseph Gusfield , 
Chairman 0 ' the Sociology 
Departm nt vi be guest on 
"Topic ' to di cuss "Legislating 
Morality" 

SPORT -all day . Intramural 
Office . slgm. fer ~!1c 1 '11".1 
Thank sglVln~ Cross Country 
Turkey Run 

S pm .. ports Arena ; 
ba ketba II- S, n Diego Rockets vs 
th Milwauk <! Bu ks. For more 
lOf 0 ca II 224-4176 

COFFEE H T FILM 

S 30 

Annett & Franki 

Bikini Beach Party 

Page 8 Triton Times 

TV-S:30 p.m .. Channel 15 : BBC-
produced "Civilisation" program. 
Tonight's topic - Baroque Rome 
during the Catholic .Restoration. 

THIRD COLLEGE 
OPEN HOUSE 

THURSDAY, 
November 19 

LECTU RES -noo n, Sumner 
Auditorium : Sumnernoon Series, 
Betty Baker. " An expedition to 
Guadalupe Island " illustrated 
wi th color slides. 

4 p.m. USB 2622 : Astrophysics-
Space Physics Seminar, Dr. Axford 
"Grand Tours and Interstellar 
Probes .. 

4 p.m. USB 4030A. Literature 
Seminar. Profe or Franci Utley, 
" Folkl ore and Medieval 
Literature. " 

4 : 15 p.m. HL Auditorium ; 
Professors ' Inaugural Lecture 
Series: Dr. Jurt Benirschke. 
Professor of Obstetrics . 
Gynecology and Pathology. "The 
Rea ppearance of Twin s in 
Te earch." 

S p.rn" USB 3010. Meditation 
Lecture 

DISCU ION-7:30 p.m . Revelle 
Informal Lounge ; informal 
discussion with Dr. Herber, 
Marcuse. presented by the Gue t-
in-Residence Commille . 

MOVIE-7 p.m.. USB 2722 ; 
"Electra ," a Greek film with 
English ubtitles starring Irene 
Pappas. This film is especially for 
Humanities 2 students. 

SPORTS-all day. Intramural 
Office, signup for the annual 
Thanksgiving Cross Country 
Turkey Run. 

5: IS p.m" Sam Snead Tecolote 
Canyon 9 hole : green fees- $l.50. 
For more info call Beth Josti at 
2274 . 

FRIDAY, 
November 20 

LECI'URES-3 p.m., Informal 
Lounge , Revelle Commons : 
Philosophy Colloquim. Giorgio 
Tonelli. "The 'Weaknes ' of 
Reason in the Age of 
Enlightenment " 

TV-IO pm . Channel 15 . repeat of 
ational Education Televi ion 

broadcast enhtled "The Mind of 
Man " 

TRICYCLE RACE-3 p.m .. 
Revelle Plaza . Alpha Sigma Phi 
first annual tricycle race. Entree 
fee IS 50 cents. first prize i an 80 
Hansen Kneeboard . Contestants 
are urged to brlOg their own 
tricycles. but a limited numb r of I 
trikes will be provided. There will 
be heats if necessary Dlrp('t 
front·wheel drive trtkes only. IS" 
limit on front wheel 

MOVIES-7:30 p.m .. USB 2722 ; 
Friday ite Flicks, "The Ipcress 
File" and "Mickey One" plus the 
K ystone Cops. 

CLUB -7 :30 p.m.. Informal 
Leur. 2 . International Club 

S p.m . west balcony 01 th gym, 
Folk Dancing. 25 cents. 

MUSIC-8:30 pm . ivic Theater ; 
San Di go Symphony. For more 
info call 236-6510. 

November 17, 1970 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

THIRD COLLEGE OPEN HOUSE 
Wednesday, November IS - 11 :30-
I: 30 p.m. in the grassy knoll area 
between the Provost's office and 
the Matthews Cafeteria. 

MUIR SE IORS If you are a 
Muir senior and are planning to 
graduate in Fall , 1970, please check 
the list posted in the Provost's 
office to make sure your name is on 
i l. If you are not on the list and 
expt!ct to graduate this fall , or if 
yo ur plans have changed 
significantly. contact Maxi ne 
Johnson in the Provost's office as 
soon as po sible. The deadline for 
making change in Friday, 
November 20. 

If you are a woman interested in 
law school but have your doubts 
about what it's like to be a woman 
in a still predominantly male law 
school. The Women 's Caucus at UC 
Davis can help answer your 
questions. 

First year students must begin 
classes in the fall quarter and 
applications for admission to the 
law school must be in by March . 

For further information contact 
Tamie Jensen, The Women's 
Caucus, UCD School of Law, 
University of California , Davis, 
CA. 95616. 

The Crisis Center desperately 
needs volun teers to provide 
emergency transportation. Crisis 
Center is located at 30th Imperial, 
San Diego; 239-9325. 

Persons needing help in pa sing 
proficiency in Italian contact Vito 
Dalfio at the Revelle Resident 
Dean's Office any weekday at noon. 
Dalfio is a native speaker on the 
Residence staff. 

Sports Writers 
Needed! 

See Rocky 

ROLLER SKATING I FUN!!! 
- HOURS -

7:30-10 Tue-Sot 
1:30-4 Sot. Mot. 
2:00--8 Sunday 

Group Rolf .. 
Privott Parties ~ TRI-CITY ROLLER RINK 

212 S. CEDROS ° SOLANA BEACH o 755-4158 

PREMlUI!"'4V 
foWI ndn or .... ~ 

m Clllht P ............ ,..,. 
m., be mo'" Jlnnu 
A ally or Iy 

Li< 

GUARANTEED PLACEMENT 
Plocom.nl Guoranl .. d regard I ... 

of d,. ... ,t'lg record 

IENiHtS 
il. thll poltcy " in eff.cl the 

'''Iured student II Quur.d of hi, 
compliance wllh Ih. SIal. of Cal,f 
ornlO FinanCial R"ponilbility law 

for informat ion CAll (714) 5S3·9393 
CSIS 50~O College Ave., No. 1 

Son Diego, Calif. 921 15 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Wanted 

Gay Student, 21, good· looking, 
wI m looking for apt. to shire. 
Sean_ 224-6379_ 4·8 p.m. 

Wanted-travel companion for 
thanksgiving with airline 
passl privileges. cau Tom, 453· 
8906 and we'll discuss itinerary. 

ARTISTS AND CRAFTSMEN 
needed for November 21 ·22 for 
showing at the Art Center 115' 
Camino Del Mar. Please Call 
755· 1630 

For Sale 
COSMETICS. For ' ·25c Sam· 
pies of Randal non·allergic 
Cosmetics, (made from fruits, 
herbs, ferns, flowers, etc. and 
no harmful chemicalsl send 
only 1.00 to Randall Cosmetics 
P.O_ Box 201', la Jolla, Calif_ 
State of skin is dry, normal, or 
combination . 
You are cord ially invited to a 
special pre-Christmas under $50 
sa le _ December 5 and 6. 
FABULOUS GIFTS I UN· 
BELI EVABLE BUYS! at THE 
ART CENTER, 115' Camino 
Del Mar for info call 755· 1630 all 
artists and craftsmen are in. 
vited to sell their wares. 

'70 Yamaha 200 cc 1300 mi. Must 
sell . Call after 4 p.m. M·F any 
time on weekends 461 -6683 

63 Chevy II station wagon . Runs 
well 5350. Ca" 45'-4927 

Service. 
IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TIRED? 
Try James Automotive Servia 
American and Foreign call 
Repairs and PolTution control 

Student Discount 
7748 Herschel La Jolla 

(in the rear) 
459·"81 

Europe Charter Flights 
Several Schedules availab 
Coordinator : Profe ss 
Margaret Paal; 247 
Ave., long Beach. '0803 
2179 

Do you have tax problems? 
Talk to Joe ~enton 

232·7682 

DISTINTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. 
Rates. Satisfaction is the 
product. Helen 459-8888 

PROFESSIONAL TYPING -
service reasonable rates 
faction guaranteed medical 
technical typing our specialty. 
Z77·2561 after 5: 00 p.m. 460·0543 

Typing ... Experienced 
papers, Ihesis. E leclric l ~~pwlr;l.,j. 
Will do ru h job . 453·6835. 

Typing- IBM- Resonable 
rates- CaU 488-3188. 

Afra id of Snakes? UCSD 
Brand new Minolta MG 16 with Dept can help you, Contact 
fla sh foot. $35 or best offer. Howard 272-6836. 
Must sell. Ca U Mark 755· 39'0 

'67 Chevelle 5 5396 Gold con. 
vertable. 755.3990 

ludenl price 
day onJy-

KI G IZE 
al l Mike, 24 Hour 

459·9272 or 282·3790 

PACIFIC HONDA 

?AClf'4C ' 
YAMAKA 

complete sales 
at service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
51 ,I, •• t IV. 
cific ... ch 

w...aheacl 
and.r. 810. ... 

NOll ¥ZIN¥D~O 11~O~d · 


