
Student Sets Self Afire; 
Dies to Protest Wa r 

Owen Joynel 
Staff Writer 

George Winne, a 23-year old U~D graduate 
student, died early yesterday mornmg, ten hours 
after setting himself on fire in Revelle Plaza, 
holding a sign, which read, "~ ~od's name, ~d 
this war." Conscious up lUltil his death, Wmne 
explained the reasons for his act as being "very 
personal and spiritual," and kept reiterating the 
urgent need to put an end to the Vietnam war. 

The tragic event occurred slightly after 4 p.~. 
Sunday when Winne lit rags, saturated Wlth 
gasoline, that were on himself in an empty Rev~lle 
Plaza. Ablaze immediately , he began rwmmg 
around the plaza before physics~raduate student 
Keith Stowe knocked him down, and others helped 
try to sml>ther the flames with their jackets. He was 
taken to Scripps Hospital immediately by campus 
police, where he was treated for. thrird and f~urth 
degree burns over 95 per cent of hiS body. He died at 
2 a.m. . 

Stowe who suffered severe burns in his rescue 
attempt: is expected to be released today, hospital 
officials said yesterday. 

Not involved in any kind of organized political 
activity Winne was described by friends as being 
the "lo~er type." They said he did pos~ss hiS. own 
very deep and sincere moral and political Views, 
which included a vehement opposition to the war. 
His closest friend, Patrick Crampton, dispelled any 
previous tendencies toward su'tcide ,but mentioned 

that a friend of Winne 's committed a similar act 
several years ago. Crampton also said that Winne 
had become quieter and more withdrawn in recent 
months and had taken interest in Oriental 
mysticism and organic foods . 

Born on April 2, 1947 in Detroit, Winne was 
brought up with a military background; his father is 
a captain in the US Navy. For awhile he attended 
the Colorado School of Mines, where he was con-
sidered an "outstanding ROTC cadet." He later 
attended Revelle College, then transferred to 
Muir ,majoring in history, and graduate d at the end 
of the winter qllClI'ter this year. He joined the history 
dept. as a graduate student He has a sister who 
attends UC Los Angeles. 
Parents React with Shock 

At the hospital Sunday night, Capt. and Mrs. 
George Winne, the student's parents, said that the 
incident "came as a total surprise and shock." His 
mother explained that he had been "very un-
commlUlicative and wouldn't talk to me," since 
Christmas. She explained that she knew that her son 
was becoming increasingly frustrated with the war, 
but that she thought him "too bright and too sen-
sitive" for such an act. 

His parents said that the dYing Winne asked them 
to write a letter to the President , saying that "the 
world is in such a horrible mess and Nixon is part of 
it. " 

continued on page 2 

Weekend Peace Rally Draws 10,000 
Susan Graves 
Staff Writer 

Ten thousand people marched together last 
Saturday in San Diego to protest Preslden~ Nixon 's 
commitment of U.S. troop~ to Cambodia. The 
majority of the people were students and young 
people, but many citizens of the community joined 
the protest and many others looked on. 

The parade rouie took the protesters from Horton 
Plaza west down Broadway to the Courthouse, back 
past the City Administration Buil~ng on C ~treet, 
and then up Fifth Avenue to Juniper and right to 
Balboa Park. 

As the people began to move past, Ho~ton Plaza, 
one whlte-haired man began screarrung 10 response 
to the protesters' " Peace Now." He screaf!led 
"fascist pigs" and " war-mongers." He backed mto 
the crowd of spectators when individuals in the 
march tried to confront him to talk to him. When 
the protesters were on their way up C Street, he 
appeared agaif! but would not talk to the protesters 
but only scream at them. 
Another speaker said that President Nixon 's ad-

ministration was "widening the credibility gap. 
Nixon uses troop withdrawal to hide the fact 
of.. .. continuing the war indefinitely." He com-
mented that Saturday morning the President sent 
2500 more troops into Cambodia. The speaker said 
that " the thing that is going to count now in 
Washington for those senators ready to cut off funds 
for war is telegrams." 

Ricardo Romo, gubernatorial candida~ f~r the 
Peace and Freedom Party said " humamty is the 
primary concern." 

Another speaker from the MDM told protesters 
that "sitting on the lawn talking to trees would not 
accomplish anything." He noted that on Mav 16 
Armed Forces Day, there would be a march to 
Camp Pendleton. 

Many others people with somber faces stood and 

watched as the crowd walked by. Students asked 
many to join the crowd and many claimed to be ~n 
sympathy with the march while others stared 10 
stony silence or yelled obscenities at the crowd. 
On fifth Avenue, however , at the top of a half-torn 

down building, protesters met approval by five or 
six laborers who held signs in support of the 
demonstration. 

Small babies bundled on their parents' backs or 
little children holding their parents ' hands were 
common sights among the protesters. When a 
group of parents were asked why they had brought 
their children to a protest in which violence might 
erupt, they said " It was a risk we had 0 take .... we 
must have peace ... we couldn't protect them from 
violence in any better way." They also commented 
that they were "scared to death" and would " pick 
up t the kids and run" if they had to . 
When a monitor was questioned about why he had 

become a monitor, he commented " because it was 
necessary " and tore off to keep the protesters 
moving d~wn the street and off the sidewalks. 

The MDM (Movement for a Democratc Military) 
linked arms with fellow protesters and did a drawn-
out goose-step for several moments and then broke 
out into a regular walk. 
The Christmas carol, "Silent Night," was sung by 

many as they passed the Courthouse. As the g~~up 
marched past, the U.S. Armed Forces RecrUItmg 
Office, a seemingly vehement cry went up of "Hell 
no, we won't go." 

A family of four standing on a street corner wat-
ching the protesters move by were ouestioned as to 
why they had come to see the march. They an-
swered that they were " just curious" and "in-
terested. " 

"Nixon said he would bring us together," said one 
speaker at the natural amphitheater at the entrance 
of Balboa Park. " We have not seen people come out 
for peace as they have today." 

George Winne's memorial service is pictured above as the largest 
crowd in Revelle Plaza's history gathered to ;,Jay respects. 

Third Sit-In 
Escapes Police 

Rich Heimlich 
Feature Editor 

UCSD's third sit- in in two weeks ended peac€lfully shortly before 
5 p.m. yesterday, following a familiar routine. About 150 protesters 
left the third floor of Building 2A- 2A', , housing the Applied Physics 
and Information Science Dept. and institute for Pure and Applied Phys-
ical Sciences, via the northwest SIde door on Muir College, while a 
diversionary crowd of 200 people stood by the northeast ?oor. 

Another sit-in is slated for Wednesday, and another poSSIbly f~r 
Friday. 

BeglUl about 7:45 a.m. yesterday, the protesters' ranks swelled 
to 250 during the afternoon and gradually achieved control over the 
entire third floor of Building 2A. The demonstrators, chanting " US 
OUT OF Asia now, end war research," covered all windows in their 
areas with newspapers and blankets to avoid identification. 

No San Diego Police were reported near the emotionally tense UC-
SD campus yesterday, although the administration had been in con-
tact with them throughout the day, according 0 an adm~istrative spo-
kesman. Although the administration had vowed last week not to al-
low another all-day sit-in, the events of the past week, said Vice-
Chancellor and Dean George Murphy, and the death of George Winne 
dictated that the administration should not be insensitive to the third 
sit-in. 

However, Dean Murphy cautioned that the "administration will re-
duce the time allowed for the sit-in on a gradual basis to end this 
chicken game. I think there is a move on this campus to reject the sit-
in. We hope to isolate (the protesters)." 

At about 2 p.m. the protesters entered the IPAS in 2A-Prime, for-
cibly evicting at least two students who had refused to leave. Charges 
will be sought, according to Murphy. 

According to APIS Dept. chairman Henry Ro~ker, !lis department 
had been trying to terminate funding by the Department of Defense for 
two years. 

"Current publicity gives the impression that work inAPIS is vitally 
dependent on OOD suppc.rt. The fact is that, if th univ rsity did not 
use 000 money 0 pay faculty salarie in thf> ('Aft-mi,. !, " , hnll~ 
tion of all APISdependenceonOOD funds would re ult only in a need 
to find alternative support for five graduate tudents out of 70." 

The DOD funds are from the US Air Force budget, amountm t" 
2.2 per cent of the total project funding for APIS,or 15,000. The pro-
ject being funded, of an unclassified nature, deals with optics, accor-
ding to department documents. The total contracts won by APIS during 
the current academic year amount to 69,307. 



mic Senate Discusses 
us Issues Today 
Bill Alaoglu 
Staff Writer 

Following a week of university community 
agitation against the war in Vietnam and Cambodia 
and a sit-in in Urey Hall protesting "war research," 
the Academic Senate meets today to discuss 
milita~y :'ontracts and university research. 

The meeting was called by Dr. Gabriel Jackson, 
chairman of the Sena~e. for last Friday but was 
postponed for five days by the statewide shut-down 
ot tne university ordered by Governor Reagan. 
Under Senate rules. a meeting can only be held on a 
normal school day. 

A nwnber of proposals have been placed on the 
agenda, but as of press time, a complete list was 
still unavailable . Dr. Jackson noted that even he 
"would not have all the proposed resolutions until 
late Monday afternoon. " He added that the meeting 
"will operate under the usual rules: that on a first-
come-first-serve basis there will be 30 to 35 seats at 
the rear (of HL Auditoriwn ) and audio transmission 
to US~ 2722." The meeting will be held at 2 p.m. 
Committee Called For 
An ad hoc committee appointed by Dr. Jackson has 
called for the senate to establish a joint faculty-
student committee " to study ways and means to 
reduce the dependence of UCSD on military and 
defense-oriented funding agencies. " A stronger 
resolution has been prepared by Dr. David Norton 
and Dr. Keith Brueckner, calling for an end to all 
new defense or military projects at UCSD. 

These proposals of course meet certain vested 
interests in the faculty . There are many faculty 
members who oppose this limitation on research 
and funding, and they will of course vote against 
these limitations. 

The definition of defense research is also under 
contention. tInder the Mansfield amendment, all 
funding from the Department of Defense,is sup-
posed to be mission-oriented, that is, of direct 
military application. This criterion would therefore 
allow the faculty to completely divorce itself from 
this funding source without any more complicated 
formula than a general policy against research with 
direct military application. The question of military 
research funded by other agencies is, however , not 
clearly defined. 

Dr. Michael Parrish has presented a more 
complicated resolution that calls for action in 
several categories, including direct work in 
classified agencies of the government, such as the 
Naval Electronics Laboratory, direct classified 
work, excluding military mission work , and 
establishing a faculty committee to supervise all 
contracts. He added that this sort of "quality" 
control is no different than the judgements made on 
tenure and merit promotions. 

Other Resolutions Expected 

Dr. Jackson also expects resolutions concerning a 
faculty condemnation of the war in Cambodia, 
condemnation of violence of all kinds, of police and 
students, and supporting the Biology Department's 
resolution to send a delegation to Washington. 

When questioned if the faculty would fail to take 
action at this meeting, after two sit-ins that have 
" focused" on the Senate's inaction on this subject; 
Dr. Jackson replied, " I think the sit-in is effective in 
forcing people 's attention to this issue. But I think 
that it creates dissention that is counter-
productive." He also expressed a feeling that many 
faculty are distressed by the turmoil of these times, 
and these feelings will be expressed in the Senate. 
" I think you can be very mistaken if you believe 
that the only people concerned are those who are 
vocal ." 

However, Dr. John Stewart said he expected the 
faculty to reach some conclusion today. "I don't see 
how the faculty can back away and not take action. 
However, I am not sure if it will take the form of a 
formal resolution. The faculty are aware of the ' 
respo~sibility of debating this issue in public, and 
reachmg some conclusion. H they do not, they would 
be denying their leadership of the community. 
. T~is c.onclusion could only be prevented by fac-

bon1Og m the Senate, -according to Provost Paul 
Saltman. He stated "I hope there is no divisivness 
and that the faculty will support the (ad hoe) 
committee's resolution to phase out defense con-

. tracting." He added that an attempt to end all 
Department of Defense contracting right now could 
polarize the situation. 

Report from Other UC Eight 
UC Davis 
The Davis campus is remaining. quiet ar.d expects 

to continue business as usual. That impression was 
given at a campus convocation yesterday, ad-
dressed by the chancellor. A ROTC awards 
ceremony scheduled today may result in a con-
frontation, but activists are in the minority at the 
campus, according to reports. 
UC Santa Barbara 

A plan is being presented to the faculty that will 
permit students to drop all classes and take a 
special12 unit course related to strike activities . A 
march into the city was held yesterday by 3000 
people with speakers from the faculty and the 
Center for the Study of Democratic Institutions. 
UC Riverside 

A mass rally and march in the city received 
cooperation from the City Council and the police. 
Students feel that the public image of students in the 
community has improved greatly as a result . In 
the meantime, the chancellor and a large portion of 
the faculty are supporting a move, to be voted upon 
in an Academic Senate meeting today, to permit 
students to take all classes pass/ fail this quarter. 
UC Santa Cruz 
A convocation was called Friday and 5000 people 

attended. Organizational meetings were held over 
the weekend til prepare for alternative classes this 
week . Attenda:1ce at regular classes yesterday was 
nil. 
UC San Franclseo 

At a cam~us-wlde meeting Sunday night the 
faculty agref d to strike until Wednesday in 
cooperation with the National Student Association 
strike . Many llctivitles arc tal<jng plAce. including a 
march of 4000 J CSF students to City Hall yesterday 
morning. Being a medical school, UCSF has had 
many of its s :udents volunteer to act as medics in 
connection wLh strike activitiPl' 

cdntlllued from page 1 

According to his friend Crampton, Winne also was 
to have said "get rid of guns, guns just mean more 
g~s." c:ran:tpton said that Winne was " very 
religious m hiS own way--after his own fashion ." 
While being pumped with large doses of morphine 
at the hospital, Winne kept repeating the Lord's 
Prayer and parts of the scriptures. 

A memorial service was held in Revelle Plaza at 
noon yesterday for Winne. Delivering eulogies at 
the service were Gabriel Jackson, chairman of the 

Page 2 Triton Times May 12, 1970 

UC Berkeley 
A mass meeting was called for noon yesterday to 

decide on a proposal to strike for the remainder of 
the quarter. The proposal specifically calls for the 
reconstitution of the university " as a center for 
fighting the war in Southeast Asia and repression at 
home. " Leaders have stated that no forceful at-
tempt will be made to block students from classes 
but informational picket lines will be set up . 

The proposals to be voted upon at the meeting 
include no regular classes for the remainder of the 
quarter, with all students receiving at least pass 
grades and no financial loss to University em-
ployees due to the strike. The College of Letters and 
Science has already voted special options for 
students who wish to strike, providing that students 
may take any number of courses as incomplete or 
on a passl fail basis without penalty. 

In the meantime students have participated in 
numerous small meetings and have leafleted the 
communitv. 
UC Los Angeles 

A convocation was called yesterday by the faculty 
to decide further actions. Several departments 
have closed. A strike headquarters has been set up 
in the Student Union with legal and medical aid 
available, while students have worked in the 
community over the weekend. 
UC Irvine 

The creation of a "free university" was given 
sanction by the faculty at a Senate meeting Sunday 
night. Students will be able to receive credit for 
activities related to the strike. Sunday a rally and 
march was held starting at the Marine Corps air 
facilities and ending at park. One thousand people 
participated. The strike center is organizing 
Orange Coun ty participation for the Movement for a 
Democratic Military's " People 's Armed Forces 
Dav" march In Oceanside next weekend. 

Academic Senate, Les Atkins, member of the Office 
of Religious Affairs, and philosophy Professor 
Herbert Marcuse. 

••• 

Would you like an op-
portunity to improve 
your reading skills? Call 
453-EDNA. 

••• 

Protesters fill Horton Plaza during last week-end's peace march. 
See the appropriate story on page 1. 

7k 1IIadi~ ~~ 
College Heads, Nixon Tal 

(Editor's note: The following is a telegram seDt by President Cbarles 
J. Hltcb to all campus newspapers yesterday concerning bls meeting 
with President Nixon.) 
On Thursday May 7, '1970 I was invited to the White House along with 

seven other university. presidents. We spent one and a half hours with 
President Nixon in his .private office and told him of the distress and 
anger among students and faculty across the nation-reactions that 
result from the developments in Southeast Asia, hostile cOlIUIlents by 
some members of the administration about campus events and per-
sons and the tragic incidents that have occurred on some campuses. 
We found the president an attentive listener. I can assure the 
university conununity that we were heard. What has happened since 
provides solid evidence that we were heard. 

Our principal recommendation for immediate action was that the 
presiden~ appoint an adviser on his personal staH to maintain open 
commumcatlOn with the campuses. He accepted this recommendation 
and announced the appointment the next day of Chancellor Alexander 
~eard of Vanderbilt University, one.of the members of our delegation 
10 wbom we have the greatest confidence. President Nixon also in-
dicated his desire to hold similar meetings in the future with the same 
eight university presidents. I urge you to join me in saving and ' 

~trengthening this university as a citadel of reason, sanity, and civility 
10 a deeply troubled world. This means that we must remain open as a 
university. 

UCSD Reps Head East 
A contingent of UCSD students and faculty Will be leaving today for 

Washington, -D.C., to urge Congressmen and Senators to oppose the 
war in Indochina. 

Drawing on funds pledged by members of the academic community 
and citizens of San Diego, the group will spend several days meeting 
with.members of Congress. and return by the end of the week. 

Professors in the group are : Robert Hamburger (pediatrics), Roy 
Harvey Pierce (literature), Michael Parrish (history), and Jerome 
Skolnick (SOCiology). 

The students who were nominated by a meeting of Revelle College 
Sunday night are Jay Gillette (junior), Greg Hudson (sophomore), 
and Mark Wozny (freshman). 

Muir constituted a selection committee which chose Michael 
Morgan (junior), Jack Morrison (sophomore), and Bill Bagby 
(junior). Sophomore Cyndi Mitton will also join the delegation as an 
official representative, and will pay her own way. 

So far, according to Hamburger, the delegation can count on $1500 in 
pledges, but needs about $1000 more to send all the delegates. 

From McGill to theCampus 
From the Chancellor, May 11, 

1970: I recognize that the 
events of tbe past two weeks are 
wIthout precedeDt in tbe his- tory 
of the UniversIty of California. A 
tidal wave of emotion and con-
cern has swept over us following 
the move into Cambodia, tbe 
tragedy at KeDt State, and now 
our own tragedy. 

None of us understands the full 
effects of what we are now en-
during. No academic community 
can be wholly at peace with itself 
during the remaining weeks of 
the ac- ademic year. I urge you to 
deal with problems involving the 
conflict of conscience and duty as 
flexibly as possible and on an 
individual basis. All the 
flexibility of the Senate's rules on 
grading should be placed at the 
disposal of students who now feel 
that they cannot continue. 
Students who leek lnstruction 
should be Iccomodated if 
necessary on a tutorial bull. 

Faculty and staff experiencing 
similar conflicts between con-
science and duty of- fer more 
difficult problems. In my view 
such diHiculties are best resolved 
by of- fering unpaid temporary 
leaves of absenve to those who 
ask for them. This avenue 
provides necessary relief without 
permanent damage either to the 
man or the cam- pus. No one 
should be obliged to continue 
when he cannot, but neither 
should we seek any technique of 
protest that coerces others in the 
exercise of their own conscien-
ces. 

As for me I intend to continue In 
my responsibilities. 1be latter 
bring me a com- fortlng 8eIlM of 
ritual and it 11 my hope that tbe 
tOlace of work may help to 
remind every one of us that 
.1thou1h we we adrift ID • warId 
we did not make and leek • to 
chance, we we atiD III lntelled 
ual eomm\lllty_ 

Police lead car of NELC worker past demonstrators. Monitor, in helmet, 1s atllett. 

Monitors, Police Keep 
NEL March Peaceful 

JimSWs 
Staff Writer 

The San Diego police captain turned to 
the 30 uniformed officers who had just 
arrived; in the background were chants of 
"end war research." " Don't push them 
(the demonstrators)," the captain said. 
"Take all the crap you have to." This 
advice, along with common sense by the 
students, helped to ayert violence Friday 
when a peaceful protest against NEL 
turned into a confrontation with 
authorities. 

The demonstration attracted 1500 people 
at its height, and ended with the students 
blocking all traffic on Catalina Blvd., the 
main road to NEL. The San Diego police 
then dispersed the students without 
violence. 

Called by the San Diego Strike Com-
mittee, the protest against war~riented 
research began, as planned, at 6:30. About 
700 persons from UCSD and City and State 
Colleges in San Diego started the march. 
Included in their number were 100 
volunteer monitors, whose presence was 
required by the parade permit issued by 
the city. The monitors were led by Bud 
Sonkin, who defined their mission as 
"Keeping the march on its scheduled route 
(about 5 blocks on both sides of Catalina 
Blvd.)and holding open two of Catalina's 
four lanes." This latter goal was to prove 
more difficult. 

Traffic Blocked 

The first problems of the day developed 
when the marchers crossed the street to 
start up the other side and· momentarily 
blocked cars. This problem magnified 
over the next hour as the size of the crowd 
doubled. These 1500 proved too much for 
the size of the parade route, and the road 
was reduced to one lane, frequenUy 
blocked by those marchers crossing the 
street. The S.D. police arrived at this point 
(6:50 a .m.) and led cars into NEL with 
periodic halts to allow the marchers to 
turn. This worked fairly well for about 
three hours with the police and monitors 
combining to control the crowd. 

During the traffic pauses there were 
conversations between students and NEL 
workers . Few NEL personnel would talk to 
the TRITON TIMES. Typical comments 
were "Why don't they get off the road," 
" I'll be late for work, but [ agree," and "I 
got the message." Other students simply 
shouted at rolled up windows : "NEL go to 
hell," " Ho-Ho-Ho Chi Minh," "Do you like 
your blood money?" 

A fierce debate occurred among the 
students after this announcement. Some 
said that remaining in the street would 
give the police the confrontation they 
wanted. Others called for closing NEL and 
insisted on the necessity of 
" , . . democracy In the streets." The 
debate was not settled and the militants 
stayed where they were . The other 70 per 
cent of the marchers remained In the 
!lU'eet to see what was happening. Capt. 
Lamont announce(f that the protest had ' 

become an illegal assembly at 10:15, and 
repeated the warning several times in the 
next few minutes . A frantic battie of bull 
horns took place among the students but 
the crowd continued to mill in the street. 

Finally, an hour after the first warning, 
the police moved about two blocks. The 
demonstrators fell back immediately, and 
there was no physical contact whatever . 
The police halted for about 10 minutes, but 
moved again with a total of 100 officers 
when the students refused to disperse. The 
uniformed officers moved in a column on 
each side of the street, holding their clubs 
at the ready. A few police cars and the 
plainclothesmen moved down the middle 
of the road. This second movement by the 
police covered five blocks, forcing the 
protesters back or into side streets. The 
students soon dispersed to their cars and 
left. The results were no arrests and no 
injuries. 

"Battle" for Road Lost 

The monitor's losing battle to keep the 
road open was lost for good by 9:15, as 
more and more students called for closing 
NEL instead of just slowing traHic. At this 
point traHic was backed up a mile. En-
couraged by 20 students who had been 
sitting in on the side of the road, the crowd 
soon occupied Catalina for four blocks. 
The pOlice responded by telling the 
monitors to disperse the crowd by 9:30. 
The monitors, however, had lost their 
tenuous hold by then. There were 50 
uniformed police now, and 50 more off-
duty and plainclothes officers. Captain 
Lamont told the protesters at 9:50 that 
they would have to get out of the street or 
they ~ould be moved. 

George Brown, candidate for the Democrat-
ic nomination for the US Senate, raises the 
peace sign at yesterday's afternoon rally. 
His remarks wUl be included in Friday's 
TT edition. 

Students Rap Wit!h Community 
"When the action's hot, cool the rhetoric," President Nixon reminded the nation at his 

news conference Friday, and as 150 students, faculty and staff left the campus bound for 
the homes of San Diegans over the weekend, this piece of advice produced a new sense of 
"community." 

EDNA Information Center estimated that perhaps 1200 San Diegans came intq contact 
with representatives from UCSD as a result of Prof. Sheldon Schultz ' and Chancellor 
McGill 's call for dialogue last week. Groups of 10 to 300 invited students and faculty for 
dinner, for speeches - and for the chancellor , to deliver a sermon - to help the citizens 
understand how the university feels about the issues and to help the university to come to 
understand the feelings of the citizens. 

The reaction on both sides, Schultz said at the makeshift headquarters for the dialogue 
drive in EDNA and the AS President's Office, 250 MC, was heartwarming. Frank 
Brunner, a Muir junior, concluded a four-hour meeting with, " You're great, you really 
are." One guest at Dr. and Mrs. Stephen Mills' home responded, "The thing you have 
shown us that I am so grateful for is that the idealism we had is still there. And for most 
of us, it is continuing in our lives. 

The evening began as Xuong, Nguyen-huu, a Vietnam-born physics professor, picked 
up four students at 250 MC for the trip to the Mills home in Mission Hills. 

Name tags and three generations of 'public"greeted the UCSD contingent, glasses of 
punch and guacamole dip plus potato chips lay on the dining room table , and except for 
the added numbers of families, it might as well have been Home, USA. 

The discussion began after choosing a moderator and introducing each other. " We 're 
all concerned about the rioting on the campuses - the deaths of the Kent State 
students - the destruction of the buildings. What's wrong? " 

Sue Halfon, a Muir junior, replied, " You 're asking 'why violence?' We 've found that 
after going through regular channels, people are getting nowhere because the regular 
channels don't work." 

Dr ?,uong chimed in! " We should make clear that the majority are against violence , 
espeCIally the destruction of wildings we have all worked hard to get. The root of the 
problem is the war in Vietnam. The students have the feeling that they may be 
obliged - next year, next quarter - to kill in a war they cannot justify." 

And so it went. Vietnam, ROTC, racism, police impatience, university and government 
red tape - all these topics came in for heated discussion- sometimes ending in un-
founded accusations and unreasoned logic. 

What the students are bothered about," Brunner said, "is the state of society - it is so 
corrupt throughout. And all the public seem to turn their backs on what 's hap-
pening - it's the wealthy ruling power structure in the country that 's making change 
impossible. " 

" The w.ealthy ruling power structure? Do you think you can correct that by rioting?" 
The stUdents - half graduate, half undergraduate - heard how some of the citizens 

present counteract poverty through giving breaks in their businesses to the poor, how 
they sympathize with the students' problems with police - " What you have to realize is 
that most policemen are just not that flexible - they're pretty conservative - how they 
realize the imperfection of society . " Are you satisfied with your effectiveness?" asked 
graduate student Doug Davis. " Hell no, no one is." 

The often explosive conversation became calm and understanding after the formal 
dialogue broke up into small groups - beer in one hand, bowl of chili in the other. 

The group of 12 couples and children included lawyers, doctors, a contractor , a jour-
nalist, a school teacher, and a designer of "offensive" missiles. 

Dr. Xuong described the viewpoint of the Vietnamese ; a commuter to Los Angeles 
described his life in a ghetto; a reporter described her investigation of pilferage in La 
Jolla (said Brunner, " And it's not us !") . 

The dialogue closed with an invitation to return. " Come here anytime," said Dr. Mills, 
" someone's always here." 

Alternatives to Classes Sought 
Molly Selvln 

. Assistant News Editor 

At a meeting of Revelle students and 
faculty on Sunday night to discuss a course 
of action for the rest of the quarter , a 
resolution was adopted providing con-
cerned students with four alternatives to 
continuing with classes: 

The grade to date could be taken 'as the 
final grade with full credit; 
A final grade could be received at the end 

of tbe quarter on a pass/ not pass basis ; 
An incomplete grade could be taken 

without charge for making it up; 
~ The course could be completed by 

correspondence, exam, or special project. 
If the alternatives were enacted, the 

resolution continues, students, . faculty, 
and staff will join in forming ' a "new 
University with the purpose of ending the 
war in Vietnam." Seminars and teach-ins 
will be organized "on all aspects of 
American involvement in the war and of 
American society in general ." 
The sponsors of the resolution do not plan 

to interfere with those who wish to con-
tinue with the " normal educational 

. process." 

A petition seeking support for this 
resolution was circulated around campus 
yesterday to be delivered at the Academic 
Senate meeting today. 

This resolution came in the wake of 
national student . strikes over the ex-
panding war in Southeast Asia, the four 
shooting deaths at Kent State University, 
and the suicide burning of George WiJ.me 
Sunday on Revelle Plaza in protest of the 

to take place for those students who wish to 
substitute constructive action towards 
ending the war for a continuance of 
classes. 

Reaction to the proposal varied greatly. 
One student handling the petition com-
mented on its reception, " It 's going very 
very well, no one's refused it yet." From 
another , "It's a good thing, there's no 
reason to stay here." 

Others felt that only if the students could 
be freed from academic programs and 
pressures would they be able to con-
centrate on constructive efforts to end the 
war. A mass meeting was called for noon 
yesterday to decide on a proposal to strike 
for the remainder of the quarter. 

The official status of classes and course 
credit was still unclear at presstime. Fol-
lowing the four-day "shut down" andaday 
of mourning Cor George Winne, who died of 
self-intlated burns yesterda", a petition 
with over 1200 signatures called on the fac-
ulty to "suspend the existing regulations 
concerning grades and credit Cor the dura-
tion of the Spring Quarter." 

A telephone survey of both the depart-
ments and administrative units showed that 
most met late yesterday afternoon, or are 
meeting today to discus; these issues. The 
Academic Senate is ah:o expected to dis-
cuss the proposals at to.1ay' s 4 p.m. meet-
ing in the Humanities-Li:>rary Auditorium. 

war . A similar action to the one proposed The departments have operated under 
Sunday night has already been enacted at the "day of mourning" issued byCban el-
the University of Southern California in lor McGill which leaves the question of 
Los Angeles. Sunday's resolution was class attendance up to each individual. As-
proposed In response to the concern among sistant to the chancellor Philip James re-
students and faculty over these recent ported that "the Chancellor expects each 
events and through a feeling that bualnnes- student lo follow his own conscience." 
as-usual could not and should not be forced ' . a)DtinUed OD Ne 8 

triton Times -May 12, 1970 Page 3 



The editonal opinion of the TRITON TIMES Is confined to the columns below . All 
olher opinions expre;sed on these pages are those of Ihe writers . Contributions 
shOuld be typed . double·spaced. and senllo the TRITON TIMES. 117 Blake Hall. 
UCSD. All contributions MUST Include Ihe name and address of the wriler. al · 
though names will be w i thheld on requesl . The TRITON TIMES reserves the 
roght 10 ed,I material to comply with libel laws and space limitations. Aulhors of 
malero al senl in anonymously Ihis quarter and not published may send us Iheir 
nam es and addre .. es . w ilh a summary of whal their letter said for identifiea · 
tlon , to be recon~ idered . 

University and War 
According to national news programs the wave of 

college protests now sweeping the nation is un -
precedented in this country's history. Fortunately it 
seems to be having its effect, although to what extent 
remains to be seen. 

But whereas we are united nationally on the issue of 
Cambodia , each college campus has its particular local 
issues . At many campuses the issue is ROTC. UCSD, 
w ith its considerable research facilities in the sciences, 
receives cons iderable support from the Department of 
Defense and other governmental agencies, and the issue 
of " war research " was the first to be raised . 

Discussions with faculty members have revealed that 
the un iversity has al rowed herself to be "prostituted ," 
so to speak. While a definition of " war research" has not 
yet been made, it becomes clear that the university has 
evo lved to a position of dependency with respect to the 
government . 

This is dangerous , for the university must in no way be 
hampered in its " pursuit of the truth ." There has long 
been a myth that the university exists to further the 
national security (or what the present administration 
considers to be the nat ional security.) 

This myth must be exploded . The government can, 
and in fact has , become detrimental to the free func -
tion ing of the un iversity. 

This is a complex problem , for much government -
funded research could in no way be construed as being 
war - related , . unless one wants to construe everything 
a s war -relC' :ed . For instance one of Scripps' projects is 
to map out the ocean terrain. They are funded by the 
Nav y in these efforts , but this project is obviously of 
val ue to any oceanographer . 

Furthermore , although a condition of dependency 
obv iously exists , the governmental agencies do not 
di ctate d irect ly what research they want to be done , but 
pass on app li cat ions of research made to t hem . 

What is t o be done? F irst o f all , it appears that we 
sho u l d categor ical I y denounce class if ied research 
un d e rtaken on campus or by any UC employee on 
univers it y t ime . Research that must be concealed from 
the res t of t he un ive r sity commun ity is contrad ictory to 
t he v ery n ature of academ ic freedom. 

Then a II ot her research ought to be carefully con -
si d e red . Perhaps parameters could be established for 
wh a t is o r is not acceptable . But rega r dl ess , a student -
fa c ult y committee m ust be immed iately constituted fo r 
the p urpose o f passi ng on all contracts and grants . 

Finally, t his or anothe r comm ittee shou ld cons ider the 
nature of thos e off·cam pus laboratories , such as N E Lor 
the Visibility Lab, that ha ve t e n uous connections wi th 
the un iversity . To sa y that t hese labs are aut onomous , 
but at the same time staff them enti r el y wi th persons on 
the UC payroll is hypocrisy, if this is in fa ct the case . 

The un ive r si ty must be a clean ho use. One facul ty 
member a d mitted recent ly in a p la za d iscuss ion that the 
unive r sity c ommunity h ad been intell ectually dishonest 
for quite some time n o w in a v o id ing fac ing up to th is 
issue . It might hurt many profes sors to c ut thei r life -
line , but if they a r e no t p r epared t o make these 
sacrifices thn fo r Go d 's s ake how can the un ivers ity ever 
speak to the c om mun ity wi th a clean conscience? 

The un iver si t y cannot expect to s urvive if it allows 
itsel f t o be com e t he po l iti cal arm of the U.S . government 
a n y more t han it can if it becomes the pol it ical arm of 
those o ppos 'n g t hat government. The un iversity con -
stituency s t II ha s it wi th in it s powers to remedy the 
situation . Tt 'e Academ ic Senate meets today and must 
address itse lf to thes e iss ues . If t hey fail to do so now, 
they cannot be surpr ised at the J;l r obable consequences. 

ON SU~I OAY, MAY 10, 1970, 
GEORGE WINNE TOOK HIS LIFE •... 

TODAY, MAY 12, 
TUE WAR CONTINUES •..• 

"WE WILL NOT 
BE HUMILIATED. 

RAe 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

Protests Strike 
Editor : 

The ASUCSD Senate 
" recognizes the strike called by 
the National Student Association 
(of which UCSD is a member ) as 
our immediate and direct 
response to the irrational and 
illeg al actions of President 
Nixon." 

Thus spake the AS for 4,000 
students who will confirm that 
the AS does not speak for them; it 
is a known fact that only nill per 
cent of the 4,000 students elect the 
six members of the AS, and the 
members of the AS know it. 
Therefore , I suppose, the AS 
called a meeting in the Cafeteria, 
which does not begin to hold even 
2,000 students, at an undefined 
time. What a farce ! Why has AS 
not taken upon themselves to poll 
the students for a strike of such 
controve r sial national ori gin ; 
decision on such an issue leaves 
it's mark on every s tudent at-
tending UCSD, and th er fore 
should be approved by ballot. 

I , therefore, conclude that AS 
has not conducted itself in an 
appropriate manner . Such is my 
view , a nd I believe m any 
students will agree with that 
view . Therefore , I submit this 
le tter to protest their action . 

Stephen W. Mitsch 
Student UCSD 

freedom to Uve 
r:di tor : 

In a society that consists of 
more than one person , complete 
freedom is impossible. Either the 
fr eedom to kill mus t be 
res tri cted, or the freedom to live 
must be discarded. The two are 
incompatible. 

Thos who cla im that we who 
sit-in infringe on the rights of the 
professors doing the research are 
qui te correct. In a society in 
wh ich the I'ight to live is to be 
respected , the r ight to kill must 
be denied. This is what we are 
doing. 

I ~s f.or the sec?n~ and related 
objective of the SIt-in as a simple 
outcry against the conduct of the 
war in Southeast Asia , there are 
those who claim that ours and 
similar actions on other cam-

puses have not been effective 
vehicles for this outcry. This may 
well be true. I believe you will 
find us very receptive to 
suggestions for improvement. 
But we shall not remain silent 
simply for want of a better 
vehicle. 

There are those who oppose our 
actions on the grounds that the 
possible intervention of outside 
police forces may both damage 
the University .and injure some 
individuals. When the war is 
over, and we are asked by a 
Vietnamese , Cambodian, Black, 
Brown, Thai, or Laotian, "Why 
didn 't you do something to 
prevent the genocide of my 
people?" I suggest that an an-
swer of "We were afraid that 
someone might get hurt ," or " We 
were afraid of damage to our 
University," will receive little 
sympathy . 

Keith Stowe 
Graduate Student, Physics 

(Editor's Note: Keith Stowe 
was unjured Sunday trying to 
save George Winne. This letter 
was submitted last week, prior to 
that event.) 

. War Research?! 
Editor : 

My hat is off to Dr . M. Granger 
Morgan for putting the problem 
of classified research in uni-
versities in proper perspective 
and exposing the simpleminded 
premise of the SDS (TI, April 
24 ). I have personal knowledge of 
a scientist (an ionospheric p'hysi-
cist and unquestionably a good 
guy-scientist ) who was passion-
ately interested in a very 'legiti-
Jlate area of research ' but did 
. Iot wan t to 'sell his soul to the 
military.' So he submitted his re-
search proposal to the Interna-
tional Red Cross, WHO, UN-
ESCO, and the Pearl S. Buck 
Foundation. 

The first three turned him 
down flat. Miss Buck's founda-
tion couldn 't make up her mind 
for a whole year. Bitterly dis-
appointed, he turned to the army. 
You see, his research interests 
lay in an area called 'Selectively 
Harmful Irradiated T-auroral. 
mongolophobology' (SHIT). It 
took a bit of persuading (we can 
get rid of the chinks by messing 
up the precipitating tau-auroral 

particles and no one will be hurt) 
and the army funded his re-
search. SHIT was a huge success. 
But the scientist subverted the 
contract by 'choosing his words 
very carefully ' (oh really, -Dr. 
Morgan! !) in the report of his 
findings. 

The last time I saw him, he 
seemed very hopeful that the 
army will use his research only 
for 'hwnanitarian' purposes. But 
it bothers him. Actually, he 
hasn't been able to take his after-
noon nap since the day he sub-
mitted his report to the army. 
Every time he lies down on the 
sofa in his office he gets this 
awful vision of a marshmallow 
falling from the ceiling and 
missing his open mouth . 

Yours, etc., 
P. N.MiIler 

AMES 

Scripps Clinic 
Editor : This letter has been 
distributed to the members of the 
Scripps Clinic and Research 
Foundation: 

We find ourselves isolated in 
the illusion of detachment. While 
the President calls for an in-
vasion of Cambodia , and our 
university campuses are in a 
state of semi-siege, we continue 
with our work. We pretend to be 
neither affected by nor involved 
in the conflict around us. This 
blindness has become in-
defensible. The smooth operation 
of the science establishment is 
vi tal to the external aggression 
and internal repression practiced 
by this government. We cannot 
any longer hide from the fact that 
we are the science establishment. 
If we do not protest, we become 
directly implicated in the sen-
seless invasion of a neutral 
nation, and in the murder of our 
four brothers and sisters at Kent 
State University. 

, We ask that every staff-
member, every maintenance 
man, every nurse , technician, 
physician, and scientist here 
consider seriously what action 
cant>etaken 
abhorrence of United States 
aggression and to honor the 
victims of an hysterica l National 
Guard. In order to consider this 
action, there will be a general 

'VIETNAMIZATION' 

meeting on the green opposite the 
research building at 12:30 on 
Friday afternoon, May 8. Until 
we become aware of our 
collective power, we have none. 
Nothing will be accomplished Qy 
individuals who are isolated in 
fear . Come to this meeting, and 
let us decide how best to use the 
power of 'our nwnbers. 

We address this also to the 
university community, knowing 
the difficulty of spreading con-
cern and action off-eampus. If 
you can come to this meeting , do . 

seRF Action Committee 

Guest Cartoon 
r~!J 

~\, 

" .. '" .,''''''' .. '''' 
• • • ANO 1M1". It A81oL.uTlL.Y NO 
W"l !ltV,TID fU5IA'ltH OH c",..~ .. :' 

--Rob London 

fascist Camp 
Editor: 

We have come to feel that, as 
students at the university, we are 
indeed dwelling in the midst of a 
"Fascist camp. " This Is not, 
however, due to the notorious 
tyranny of the faculty and ad-
ministration, who on this campus 
have demonstrated a com-
mendable presence of mind in 
times of blatant provocation. 

On the contrary, it is because of 
the various groups who plaster 
the campus with leaflets and 
pamphlets of propaganda. More 
particularly, it is the SDS. When 
an organization which criticizes 
certain tactics and policies 
proceeds with what appears to be 
the calculated and efficient 
employment of Just those tactics 

and policies, students begin to 
question the intentions and the 
integrity of that organization. 
For instance, no one could h.. Ie 
failed to notice the obviously 
strategic arrangemp,nt of hooters 
and boot-stompers at the 
Ecology-Action assembly during 
Earth-week. Many students have 
also noted that a TRITON TIMES 
reporter was expelled from a so-
called open SDS meeting held 
recently . It would be interesting 
to know whether our local 
members of SDS are themselves 
sophisticated puppeteers or 
merely another collection of 
naive and easily manipulated 
idealistic kids. 

Who does, indeed, initiate these 
phrases of liberation which are 
repeated both fervently and 
incessantly by every "concerned 
student?" Surely it is not the 
" filthy Communists." Perhaps it 
is the "power-monger" hierarchy 
of the SDS itself. 

But aside from the activities of 
SDS, it is interesting to note the 
apparently spontaneous ap-
pearance and distribution of well-
prepared, inflammatory pam-
phlets - almost as if someone 
were forever stationed at the 
ditto machine waiting to pounce 
on any incident which could 
possibly be blown up into a 
dramatic act against " the 
people." Just exactly who are 
these people who stand in need of 
such protection? 

--

Sincerely, 
James L. Clayton II 

Lee Owens 

Chong and Ego 
Editor : 

An ethologist might define 
"ego" as a phylogenetic neural 
mechanism which reinforces 
behaviors which are valuable to 
an organism's survival. For the 
human species which is no longer 
faced with an immediate struggle 
for survival , except against it-
self, the ego can be obgerved to 
reinforce behaviors which the 
individual simply finds self-
satisfying or pleasurable . Or, as 
Pogo's Walt Kelly has written, 
"The reason may be that we talk 
learnedly and endlessly, not In 
cliches, with or without accent, 
but In' labels ... S.E. Asia, 
poverty, napalm, G. 

We Must Work to Stop 
t ,he War in Cambodia 

Bill AI80giu 
The war which is gnawing at our guts has opened 

a new wound, Cambodia. Just as it seemed that 
America had accepted its defeat, accepted the need 
for some political coalition settlement, accepted our 
~ailure to win either hearts or minds , accepted the 
unmorality of our imperialistic adventure , just as 
many of us "saw the light at the end of the tunnel" 
Tricky Dick sends us to Cambodia. ' 

Now it seems clear that before the ouster of 
Prince Sihanouk the North Vietnamese-Vietcong 
had a clear reign in eastern Cambodia . The new 
regime has not affected this ; there has been no 
change in conditions with regard to South Vietnam 
or the withdrawl of troops. If this move is 
necessary. then did RMN lie to us when he said he 
could pull more troops out before he attacked 
Cambodian territory? 

This act of agression and escalation has been 
promoted by a coup that we have encouraw~d in 
Cambodia. Our attacks on the rule of Pri:.ce 
Sihanouk who perhaps had the only realistic policy 
towards the paramount power in §9utheast .'\ sia, 
North Vietnam, a policy of accommodation , led to 
a coup. To gain our support, the new Premier nas 
finally shown hostility to the powerful Vietnamese-
Vietcong units in Cambodia . They have now asked 
us to give them the support in arms and advisors 
that was inevitable if Cambodia attacked with her 
pitiful forces . 

Nixon and his co-conspirators are now clearly out 
to WIN, not to disengage, not to withdraw . In a 
nationwide television address, Nixon said he would 
not allow a defeat . It is clear that he has not ac-
cepted our obvious failure , and that he is going to do 
whatever is necessary to make a victory. 

American withdrawal will create a vacuwn that 
the North Vietnamese will fill . Nixon claims that 
any such action will require increased American 
activity. Thus under his Vietnamization he will 
never get us out. 

B~t the war has always ?een a problem, and 
varIOus loopholes have kept It only a moral , not a 
physical difficulty, right? Wrong. Catch 22 says 
Nixon will remove all deferments except 
medical and pre-medical just as he says. 

We, the middle class, collegiate powerpool will 
join our black, brown and poor white brothers and 
sisters from the ghettos, barrios and various local 
appalachias in one great brotherhood of cannon 
fodder. All those subtle , successful co-{)ptions are 
going to be gone. No more pre-law escapes, no three 
or four years teaching in high schools, no oc-
cupational deferments and even perhaps no un-
dergraduate college deferments . . 

It is clear that there will be little if any escape. 
Four years, or maybe even a hundred years in 
Cambodia, followed by Laos, Thailand, who knows, 
maybe Nixon will unleash Generalissimo Chiang 
Kai-shek and his hordes to reconquer the mainland. 

. Whatever he does, he plans to ignore yours and my 
wishes, and has said so many times. He will not 

listen to dissent. 
The meaning of the draft, the meaning of serving 

in the war machine during this conflict, is either 
death , or murder. You will have to kill to survive. 
You will be trained to work as a unit, to lose yourself 
in the military team, to work together . Some TQ 60 
drill instructor will have you sticking some doll with 
a bayonet and yelling kill, and make you enjoy it. 
The military will kill part of your mind , and force 
you to kill others, or be killed . 

We must organize some sor t of massive , angry, 
loud, visible protest. Violence will only bring the 
forces of repression down on our heads, and it is 
only hope that will keep repression from peaceful 
demonstrations. 

It is time to go home, and tell your parents that if 
they love you, they will stop the war, they will not 
force you or your friends to fight and kill for Nixon 
or his stooges. You must likewise tell your friends, 
neighbors, Congressmen, everybody that you will 
not be an accessory to this vile crime. You will not 
die for this thing. You will not kill for this thing. 

Dissent must take an active, positive form , aimed 
at actually affecting the war machine, the entire 
everyday life of this country. Professors who are 
funded by the Defense Department must now ask 
themselves if they are willing to accept money from 
the same people tha t are trying to kill their 
graduate and undergraduate students. Students 
m ust ask themselves if they are willing to be taught 
by men who accept money from those who would 
send them ac ross the water to kill or be killed . 

Individual action must prepare each of us for 
induction and its implications. When you graduate, 
the slip of paper the Chancellor hands you will not 
be a diploma, and it might as well be a notice, 
Greetings .. . 

If you decide to go to jail, you must remember 
that Americans have never forgiven their 
criminals, no matter how much a matter of con-
science, how just their cause. So people say that the 
times, they are a changing. We hope so. 

But whatever you do, remember to go to jail from 
the outside . Military justice is hardly justice , and 
their prisons are notorious. A ten year sentence at 
hard labor is considered a death penalty. 

One can always remember that you can join 
Yossarian and Orr in Sweden. One's loyalty to the 
United States is based on a set of high ideals. If as 
CBS says, 70 per cent of the American people would 
abridge or destroy the Bill of Rights, if racism will 
continue, if pollution will not be stopped because of 
what 's good for Gerneral Motors is good for the 
Country, remember you can always pack ideals in a 
mighty small bag. 

If you get out before your induction notice is sent , 
you can always come back for visits as a foreign 
citizen. ~ 

If Nixon can reassess, we must reassess. We must 
question, and work . We must stop this war , stop this 
killing, stop our compliancy. We must bring the 
troops home now . 

Society . .. moon, yet . Lables fQr 
ego, all. " 

Anyone who has eyes can see 
ego perpetrating ( labels ~ racism, 
capitalism, male chauvinism" 
war, environmental rapi-;·.n , and 
the like . But it takes a tiny effort 
and an ounce of courage to step 
outside ignorance and see the 
same ego residing within those 
who advocate against these 
labels: with the other labels of 
Progress and Change - con-
servative, moderate , liberal ,. or 
revolutionary . (For example , 
environmental a wa reness , 
amelioration, and control has a 
pungent taint of an-
thropocentricity, the generic 
hwnan ego, which is the most 
probably cause of the present 
ecological crisis .) According to 
the latter labels, human society 
can be improved by extricating it 
from th former labels . Ac-
cording to the doctrine of ac-
tivism one must fight. Ego pitted 
against ego. Who wins such a one 
side battle? If one does win, it 
only succeeds in beating itself. 

The Triton Times encourages the use of its editorial 
pages as a forum for the university community. COL· 

It might be wished for ego, 
instead of labels, an education 
which would teach p ople how to 
be hwnan beings. Unfortunately , 
people are exactly human, and it 
is nothing that can be super· 
f1uously taught and asserted like 
labels. One has to face the fact 
that the idiosyncrasies of others 
and self must be tolerated, even 
the truth. 

ClaltrUe Cboa& 

. UMNS will be chosen by the Editorial department on the 
basis of their interest, importance, or entertainment 
value to the university community. Please be as concise 
as possible i do not exceed 1000 words. We reserve the 
right to edit for space or libel considerations unless 
specifically indicated otherwise. 

triton till1.es 
EDI TOR ·IN ·CHIE F Sle .... e L,ndilu 

Mlnl, ln, £d"or Haywood G.,..,mcn News Edi tor 

Assoc i.,. Mlnl,I". Ed, lor M i ke Klaver Auo(,.te Editor 
Copy IEditO' ChuCk Gr~"'.m Futur t Ed .tor 

Auoe il" copy •• '" Joe Easler" Arts E d i tor 

pr.ot., r .phy lEe,,'.r Mil r k. Tr lll,nQ Sports Editor 

Ed ,'o,I, 1 AU tS" '" C.r I 0 Nelburgtr .sslS1~" t Nfwi Ed itor 

Roger Showlev 

Bill Alaoq lv 

STAFF WAITEfltS - C.,r ., BIbb. J.son C" hearf Ma ry Clar~ , Cu n Cr(h,(f> . Su'.n Graves, A "Nn Mit 
fMan , J.m Si llS Oa "" f S"~a'n\. Sfeve Stry ker Sam W,lson 

AOVERTI SI NG ASS ' S TANT SUI"n (ad t" 

r"'t TR ITON TIM ES 'l Otl lcI .II >t rt<OQn' l f Cl end ~uDPO" f'd .... Ituj~1 n, .. so Of' by t~. <"0I"'t 
InunlC. UO" , &<Ntru rt HI, Un''-'flr ' Iy Of (1I1· IOfn'l ~n D.~o. e .... ld·"9 1)0 M aU"t-'W C."'Ou, lJl! 
lo ll . C.l+forn fa t1uJ1 P",bt'U f,,", IS fW lc e wtftd ,. on Tue~d.,.S _nct Fr ·ct . ys th"OUCJ" JV"IP 1"0 

" US .re loe ll.o In room 10 8;, ,,, He ll. on U\fo Rhtllt Cam p,,! for Ad'lf1"t 'slnq ""one dl?OOO 
1017 for eodorl" or new' OhOn' 10" 

Triton Times May 12, 1970 Page5 

I 



ixed Media 
The "Power Throne," a mixed 

electronic media environment 
built around the Ilwnan heart· 
beat, will be exhibited in the 
UCSD Art Gallery from May 12-
24. According to Art News, the 
artist, Robert Newman, who de· 
signed the environment, "creates 
a new kind of poetry in his red, 
crimson, pink, reverberatory 

chamber" and "has a way of 
calling attention to the basic, 
inattentive and unknown parts of 
yourself that leads you carefully. 
into your own core, controlling 
message and mystery and warm 
aura of meditators. II The show 
opens Tuesday May 12 at 8:30 
p.m . Gallery hours are Tuesday 
through Sunday 11 a.m. to 4 p.m., 
and Wednesday night 8 to 10 p .m. 

2nd WEEK! 
ANTCNICNI.RIGHT ON. 

"REVOLUTIONARY!':lIll'&! "GENIUS !'!m 
'0« ( 

IAB.Hsm 
POHmnT 
How you get therl<-
depends on where you ·re a:! 

(OI~~ 
A,s'lY 

IIBEST PICTURE 
OF THE YEAR!" 
NATIONAL SOCIETY OF pt"ILM CRITICS 

BLOW-UP 
VoneUG Redgrav. 

David Hemmings ' ,Scroh Mil •• 

COloo6onc/1():OO 

I§tanbul Ve§tau..-ant 
Specializing in Middle fastern Foods . 

Shish Kabob and other exotic di.he •• 

I LIVE Arabic, Turkish, 81 Greek En.,.inment provided by the internationally famous 
Antoine Hage, on the OUD 

OPEN DAILY 11 1m. to 11 , ..... 
SPECIAL ' 99C luncheon 

.Iily 11 1."'.-3 p.m. 
1250 PROSPECT 454.2334 

·UCSD 
PRESENTS ••• 

UCSD THEA TRE IN REPERTORY. •.. 

A Midsummer Night's Dream 
May l4, l6, 18,23, 25 

The Caucasian Chalk Circle 
May 13, l5, 17, 22, 24 

All performances at 8 P.M. in UCSD Theatre 
Bldg. 269 Matthews Campus 

General admission $2 .00 students $1.00 

TIC KETS AVAILABLE 
NOW AT UCSD CENTRAL BOX OFFICE , UREY HALL 
u)BBY. PHONE RESERVATIONS ACCEPTED AT: 

A vailable at 
GUY URQUHART 

104l Columbia Street 
San Diego, Cal1!ornia 

453'-1. 
, 

I TO EUROPE I 
!uNIVERSITY CHARTER FLIGHTS 

June 21/Sept.13 R.T. $299 
July 3 I Sevt.ll R. T. $299 
Sept. 4 One Way $139 

ALI Intra- Europe Student Flights 
Amsterdam-Athens $ 34 
London-Tel Aviv $ 77 

Backed by reliable, experienced 
Travel Agency. Prof. P. Bentler 
c/o Sierra Travel Inc. 9875 San-
ta Monica Blvd. Beverly HilLs 
(2l3) 274-0729 & 274-0720 

EUROPE 
Also Israel and Japan 

$23()..295 R:T. From West Coast 
$199R.T. From East Coast 

E,S.E,P. 8217 Beverl, Blvd., L.A 
(213) 651-3311 
E.S.E,P.-U.C.S.D. members only 

,. , • , 
t 

'Chal" Circle' Thougltt Proyo"ing 
Llrry JoImsoD 

Arts Writer 

When it comes to criticizing colle~ 
drama • one applies difrerent parameters 

than one would apply to the professional stage. 
First, was it an educational experience? Not every 
theater group that one can stumble into is 
educational. Sometimes little theater groups and 
experimental theater groups just fumble around 
and brefld bad habits. The UCSD productions of "A 
Midsummer Night's Dream" and "Caucasian 
Chalk Circle" appear to be educational in that 
directors Eric Christmas and Tom McCorry were 
able to develop the talents of the student cast 
members, welding everything together according to 
a cohesive plan , making good use of the facilities at 
hand. 

Now even college drama has a responsibility to be 
more than an educational experience for the actors. 
It must be a valuable dramatic experience for the 
audience as well. In spite of some inadequacies, the 
productions were interesting and entertaining 
theater . The usual student problems of articulation, 
vocal and facial expression and body movement 
cropped up , but the cast was able to rise above it 
fairly successfully , leading the audience to become 
involved in the plays. 

The rude mechanicals captured a lot of good 
comedy. with Sam Kephart as Bottom showing a 
special flair for comedy. They were a riot in the 
final scene, portraying a group of hilariously inept 
actors. David Garcia was funny as the lion, Jim 
Williams made a delightfully absurd moon, John 
Andrews a remarkable wall and Dan Lawler was a 
darling Thisbe. Trippy Zeit as Titania, John 
Greenleaf as Puck, and Colin Morgan were bright 
and spirited fairies . Successful with most of it, they 
did have difficulties doing full justice to the more 
lyric portions. They were assisted by Kim 
Alexander, Pamela Gutherz, Lisette Hara, and 
Hallie Sureda, a comely quartet of Titania 's fairy 
retainers. They carried their roles well enough, but 
one might hav~ hoped to have seen them in more 
imaginative costwnes. Also, it's a little surprising 
to see the girls in slacks and the Duke in a double 
breasted blazer, but that didn't really detract. 

The comic misadventures of Kathy Dean, Bill 
Haverland, Don Bright, and Kathy Callaghan, as 
Hermia, Lysander , Demetrius and Helena were 
central to the play. While there was more to the 
roles than came out, they were able to communicate 
with us and engaged us nicely in Shakespeare's 
light hearted frolic . Paul Ricks was suitably suave 
as Duke Theseus, with Kathy Haddock a queenly 

NOW PLAYING LIMITED RUN 
Arthur M illt- r 's American ado ptation 

AN ENEMY 
·OF THE PEOPLE 

by Henrik Ibsen 
he po'lution of 0 popul or lake 

create-- ex p osive drama 05 se lfish 
(.if ll.en s attempt ' 0 d isc red it the truth . 

stimulat ing. provocat ive . choUeng· V-"j~~~ 
mg . . , 

S2 50 (Tues .• Wed . Thu rs . Sun Eves.' 
$3.00 (Fri. . Sot Eves.) 
5200 ISU" II ,,· "~f' 110001 17 
$1 ,SO (Stu. tnfu Coli & Enlisted MIl. eltc. Sot. h e. ) 

phone 239·2255 after noon 

(~~~'gcentre stage 
ad ~cenllo Old Globe Theatre In B~boa Par~ 

Hippolyta. In both plays, Jesse Tessier provided 
good support in lesser character roles. In spite of 
the handicaps of the stage they were on, the players 
left us with a definite feeling of the magic that 
reaches the heart. 

More serious than "Dream," "Caucasian Chalk 
Circle" presents a discussion of deep philosophical 
points . I would complain that the interpretations did 
not go deep enough, but there was an interpretive 
vigor which served the play well. Where " Dream" 
is poetic fun, "Circle" goes into problems of ethics , 
duty, war, social justice, etc., which are just the 
things we are concerned with nowadays , The 
players were able to communicate with us 
significantly here. 

In "Circle," the herOine, Grusha Vashnadze, was 
well sustained by Miss Gutherz who evidently was 
living the role. Perhaps the most effective in the 
cast, her intensity helped give the play its con· 
viction . Azdak, the unconventional judge, was 
forcefully played by Steve Nogarr. We sometimes 
had a problem with articulation, particularly as 
Egeus in " Dream," but he . breathed great 
character in Azdak. Andrews, with a flare for 
slapstick, played Azdak's aide. 

The play centers on Justice: in the key instance, 
the matter is who is the child's real mother, she who 
bore it or she who cared for it. The other ethical 
questions center on this. A foil to Grusha was the 
governor 's wife, played by Freddie Jenkins who 
was suitably bitchy. Able help in other roles was 
provided in the two plays by Ted Stauch and Nancy 
McFall . 

There is much to be gained from attending the two 
plays, and " Chalk Circle" has particular 
significance. While the cast has not had much ex· 
perience, and in fact is still rather green, they 
display good progress and promise and are to be 
richly congratulated on bringing us entertaining 
and thought-provoking theater. 

The company did well creating the productions in 
spite of severe shortcomings of materials and 
facilities . The theater is a joke, and the fittings were 
makeshift but ingenious. You 'd think that with an 
actor as governor .. . oh, well ! Due credit should""go 
to a fine production crew fighting great obstacles : 
John Chiment, Kacy Crystal, Steve Kamelgarn , 
Dan Lawler , Dottie Paine, Bonita Yoder, Dave 
Stearns, and Jim Johnson. 

Mter going on the road to Santa Cruz, our troupe 
will return for " Dream" May 14, 16, 18, 23 and 25, 
and " Circle" May 13, 15, 17, 22 and 24. 

S. E. Informl lioD 
Ceoltr 

Traditional 
Clothes - Jewelry 
Arls & Crafts 
Black Books 
Alro Records 

14a Jolla 
~~~t1i 
.arbt' 

2259 Avebida DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 459 - 3465 

Belles! 
Gr.(,ri,s, 

"'~'(" I,.ts, .. 
MISSION VALLEY. GROSSMONT WI.,' ., . I,i, 

Page 6 Triton Times May 12, 1970 

National Volleyball Playoffs 

UCSD TAKES NAIA TITLE 
UCSD defeated number one·seeded Indiana Tech, 

15-7, 15-9 last Thursday, April 30 to win the Second 
Annual NAIA National Invitational Vollevball 
Championsh~P::-The two=rlay event was hosted by UC 
San Diego and held in the Triton 's gym, the first 
tournament ever conducted by the NAlA on the 
West Coast. 

Six schools. three from the Midwest and three 
from the West Coast, played a round robin tour· 
nament on Wednesday and Thursday to determine 
the four teams to enter the semifinals. 

Following l5-4 , 15-5 losses to Indiana Tech during 
the round of robin play the Tritons dropped to third 
place in the round robin portion of the tournament, 
behind Indiana Tech and George Williams College. 
These three, along with fourth place Graceland 
College, advanced to the semifinals of the cham-
pionship bracket . 

UCSD defeated ·· George Williams College of 
illinois 15-10, 15-8 ; while Indiana Tech defeated 
Graceland College of Iowa. 15-8, 15-12 in the 
semifinals. UCSD and Indiana Tech gained the 
finals , while George Williams defeated Graceland 
15-3, 15-13 to take third place in the tournament. 

Whittier College captured fifth place and United 
States International University placed sixth in the 
round robin play. 

In the finals, a highly partisan crowd of UCSD 
supporters filled both balconies of the gym and 
voiced continuous support for the home team. 
Apparently encouraged by the support of the crowd, 
UCSD delighted the fans by racing away from In-
diana Tech from the opening serve of the finals and 
stunned the Hoosier representatives with a quick, 
two·game set to take the national crown away from 
t.he Midwest and put it on the West Coast. 

Dick Reitherman. named to the all-tournament 
. team along with teammate Kerry Klosterman, spikes 
during team warmup. 

Triton Tim Rose spikes past two IndiaDa Tech defender!; during na-
tional volleyball championsbips beld bere last month. UCSD WOll. 

It was without a doubt the highest honor ever 
attained by a Triton athletic te.'l.ITl and for the first 
time ever placed UCSD in the exclusive club of 
national sPorts champions. 

UCSD's victory was highlighted even more when 
two members of the Triton Team, Kerry Kloster-
mann and Dick Reitherman, were named to the All· 
Tourney Team. Klostermann also was named the 
Most Valuable Player in the tournament by a near· 
unanimous vote . UCSD's coach, Chuck Millenbah, 
was named Secretary-Treasurer to the NAIA 
Volleyball Coaches Association. 

Triton '9' Ends Long Season 
UC San Diego will bring down the curtain on a dis-

mal baseball season with a pair of games starting at 
noon at La Verne College tomorrow. The Tritons 
also met the University of San Diego Dons yester. 
day in a 3 p.m. contest in an effort to close out the 
1970 season on a winning note. 

In last week 's action the Tritons came up with one 
win against two losses in contests with Southern 
California CoUege and UC Irvine. 

The Tritons opened the week Tuesday by slugging 
Southern California College 16-3 behind the hitting 
of John Shinn and the hurling of Mike Jones . Shinn, 
a freshman outfielder from El Centro, went on a 
batting rampage with four hits in five at·bats and a 
total of five runs batted in. This was an unusual 
victory for UCSD who picked up their second win 
over SCC this season. In their last meeting on April 
14 the Tritons also scored the not·too<ommon total 
of 16 runs in trouncing their opponents 16-0. 

On Saturday Irvine swept both ends of a double· 
header from the Tritons in games played at Robb 
Field in San Diego. UC San Diego managed only one 
run in each game as UC Irvine scored 11·1 and 5-1 
decisions over the suddenly non-offensive Tritons in 
two seven·inning games. The double loss left the 
Tritons with a season mark of four wi(ls against 21 
losses with the final three games of the year sched-
uled for this weekend. 

The Tritons suffered through this season without 
throwing in the towel to their opponents, though. 
Coach Frank Vitale experimented and ga-ve a good 
look to all of his players this year and looks for a big 
improvement with a more experienced squad ne~t 
season. Of 16 playel"s on the 1970 roster , there are 
nine freshmen, two sophomores, four juniors, and 
only one senior- the only one not eligible to come 
back next spring. 

Trackmen Excel in Competition 
Last Saturday a twelve·man squad of Triton 

Trackers competed in the Orange Invitational at 
Chapman College, and UCSD made its presence felt 
even though they were small in number . Most of the 
squad came through with their best performances 
and times for the season in this meet. With only 
th ree meets remaining, UCSD stands to finish a fine 
season of team effort with a courageous 12-man 
team. 

• Coach Skief feels that he has the real nucleus 
from his original squad at this late date. Outstand· 
ing performances were turned in · at the Orange 
Invitational by Bob Lemmon in the high jwnp and 
120 high hurdles . Don Nelson went 13 feet in the pole 
vault, and Coach Skief feels that with a little work 
he could be at 14 or 15 feet. Bob Holzinger finally 
broke the two-minute barrier in the half mile by 
running a 1: 59.1 to take a second place in that event. 

Sprinters Phil Beauchamp and Joe Mccarthy ran 
against very tough competition in the 100 and ~ 
yard dashes and both turned in good times as did 
.Jerry Nlerengarten In the long jump and triple 

jump. Kirk Newell raIThis best 440-yard dash in 51.1. 
Clark Rosen and Jerry King also had good time in 
the long stretches, the three·mile and mile events. 

This week the Tritons will travel to Riverside for 
the UCR Invitational. This will serve as a tune up for 
next week's NAIA District III Track and Field Meet 
which will be held at Westmont College in Santa 
Barbara . The final meet for the Triton team will 
find them back in Riverside for the All·Cal Meet be· 
tween all the campuses of the University of Cali· 
fornia. 

According to Coach Skief, it is possible that one or 
two of the Triton trackmen will be placed on the na· 
tional level for the NAIA Championships to be 
hosted by United States International University, 
probably at Balboa Stadiwn in San Diego. Don 
Nelson is rated as the best bet by Coach Skief if he 
can make the qualifying height of 14 feet in one of 
the next three meets. Bob Lemmon also has an out· 
side chance in the sprints. Coach Skief feels that 
Lemmon will do well in the District III NAJA meet 
and might be able to qualify for national compe· 
tition. 

Want to receive the Triton Times by mail" SubscrlptlOf1 
rat .. are 12 a quarter or $5 for the academic YHr. Sub 
scribe now. Mltil check or calh to: Triton Tim .. , Blak. 
Hall, UCSD, La Jolla, 92037. 

nno .. ncamenll for t a 
KIOSK section mUlt IN 
NCelved by 5 p.m., two 
IChMI days prior to 
"b" 

THE ESTABLISHMENT PRESS 
(San Diego's Union and Trib une) 
WILL NDTACCEPT ADVERTISING 
FOR THIS PROGRAM!· 

·UPTHE 
ESTABLISHMENT! 

PUTNEY 
SWOPE 

The Truth 
and Soul Movie 
,~--------------~ of beauty, sex 

and drugs: 

more® 

A lang-hlired kid's view of 
drugs, dogs, caps, Ind clothn ... 

TUESDAY iN COLOR 
May, 12- 1:00 ,1ft 

Repeats: 
Thursday, May 14, 7:00 pm 
Sunday, May 17,10:00 pm 

KEBSlTV 
Triton Times May 12, 1970 Page 7 



.nnounClJmlJnts 
Sumnernoon Series, Thursd ay 14th 
May, 1970, Sumner Auditorium , 5.1.0 ., 
12 noon to I p .m . Col or slides from 
Israel by Dan Karem will be shown . 

A study of ma ss media in England 
and six countries of Europe is open to 
Un iversity of California studets th is 
summer . The course carries four to 
six un its in extension from the 
Un iversity of California at Dav is. The 
group, sponsored by World Academy, 
will leave by jet plane from Oakland 
on July seventh and return on August 

fourteent~ In between those dates, 
the students will study newspapers, 
telev ision rad io, motion p ictures and 
other media in England , France, 
Germany , the Netherlands, Belg ium , 
Italy and Swi tzer land . For added 
informat ion , contact Dr . Rex Gunnor 
Dr . Ra lph Pomeroy , Un ivers i ty of 
Ca li forn ia at Davis, Department of 
Rh etortc , 95616, or te lephone area 916, 
752 3371. App licat ions m ust be in by 
May 15, 1970 

Women's Li beration Front now has an 
Off ice in Matthews Campus 25Q, Room 
333. Li terature is available as well as 
informat ion about on ·campus ac · 
tiv i tes and the movement in genera l. 
There w il l be someone there week· 
days between noon and 3 :00 p .m . 
Women only on Mondays and Wed · 
nesdays , p lease . We w ill soon have an 
ex tens ion phone and can meanwhile 
be reached throug h EDNA. Business 
and po licy meet ings are held every 
Sunday at II : 30 in Blake Upper 
Lounge ; and t here are week l y 
d iscuss ion groups on campus , in 
Pac if ic Beach and in North County . 

Attention all student loan borrowers. 
Graduat ing students or students who 
do not plan to r e turn to UCSD for the 
fa ll q uar te r and w ho have outstand ing 
NDEA, Regents or other type loans, 
shou ld con tac t the Loan Collec t ion 
Off i c e, 204 Matthews Camp us, 
r egard ing an ex it interv iew . 

St ud ents going in to the teach ing f ield 
after gradua tion may have up to 1000 0 
of t heir N DEA loan cancell ed , and 
studen ts who go into m ili tary serv ice , 
Peace Corps or V ista arre el ig ible for 
postponement of NDEA l oan 
repayments for up to 3 years. Can · 

. cellat ions and postponemen ts are not 
automat ic and are granted on ly upon 
rece ipt of the necessary form s by the 
Loan Collect ion Off ice . 

AppOintments may be arranged by 
cal l ing Jane Fitzgera ld of Fl o Rogers , 
ex tens ion 2616. 

THE WORLD OF GLAMOUR 
Sell the prestigious Viviane 

Woodard cosmetics. 
Earn from $4 to $12 per hour. 

We train you. 
459-3684 

Driving ' 69 Chevy to M iam i . Lea v e 
June 26. Wan t dri v ing compan ion a ll 
or part of wa y to share expenses . 284. 
7723. 

Reward and no questions asked for thE' 
return Of they Honeywell Pentax 
Spotmatic that was stolen from 
Revelle Cafeteria last Wednesday 
evening . Come to Tr i ton T imes office. 

Wanted .. portable cassette 
taperecorder . Call Susan, ext . 2231 or 
460 530S . 

WANTED ACOLYTES .. Pr i est and 
pr iestess tra inees, beaut i ful young 
men and women to serve as acolytes 
in Temple of the Heart at the U .C.S.D . 
Art Gallery from May 12 to May 24. 
Hours Tu ·Sn 11·4 and Wed 8·10 p .m . No 
previous exper iences necessary . 

STEREO COMPONENTS .. Many 
known brands , new, demonstrators, 
trade ·ins . On sale at cost p lus unt i l 
so ld . Inexpensive to ult imate in 
sound . Open Da i ly 10·6. Closed 
Sunday and Monday . Aud iO plus S· 
track service dept . Osborn Sound 
Shop, 246 West Wash ington , H i llcrest , 
San Diego. 291 .7777 

Lady w i l l g ive room to responsible 
student M · F , charm ing home for 8 
hrs . domesticwork per week. Call 454· 
2181 even ings 7·8 

TRANSLATORS WANTED : free 
lance, all tech . f ields and languages . 
Un lim i ted vo lume. Send resume and 
samp le to P .O. Box 5456 Santa Bar · 
bara , Ca 93103 

A tt ra c t i ve Undergraduate fema l e 
needed to answer phone and make 
coffee in off i ce of four chem istry grad 
s tuden ts in exc hange for place 10 
s tudy, key to off ice and free tutor ing 
In math and sc ience . Applicant must 
be ser ious student and chatter in · 
f requently . Apply room 4421 or 4417 p . 
C Bldg . 

STUDY IN SPAIN T HIS SUMMER 
6 wk. summer sessions . Univer 
s ity of Granada (at Malaga). Six 
cr edits; $625 total. Write: Dr. 
E. D'Angelo, Univ . Bridgeport , 
Conn. 06606 Tel: (203) 372-4254 

EUROPE 
I $200 to $295 round trip. Also to 
Israel and Orient. Rep. Amit Pele~ 
(714) 735- 9140 or (714) 737- 4684. 
15628- 2 Pleasant View Ave. , 
Corona, Calif. 91720. E.S.E.P. 
members only..!! 

FLIGHTS ' , 10 
LARGEST SELECTION: TO & WITHIN EUROPE; AFRICA, ASIA, 
SOVIET UNION. SPRING-SUMMER STILL OPEN. ALL OTHER 
TICKETS, TOO. OLDEST ACADEMIC ASSOC. : EAS:, 323 N. 
BEVERLY DR., BEVERLY HILLS, CALIF. 90210, (213) 276-6293 

"Do,," be ml ..... "y lo_r "'"' - .. .,. wtt" our ......... ofNIrtw .rou • • 
IMest ... ta flnt . Do .... 1M caMOtl ... out.t ttl. last mlnuta." 
ALL "LIGHTS VIA TRANS INTaRNATIONAL AIRWAYS OR 
SATURN AIRWAYS DC .. SU~R""ETS WITH COM'LIMENTARY 
MEALS AND 8EVERAGU. 

One- way flights still available 
No. 4004 - ONE WAY - OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM 

JUNE 2' ........... . ..... ' •••••••••••••• "1" 
No . ... - O A KLAND/LAIAMSTERDAM 

SEPTEM ER 10 ••••••••••••••• ,. ' ••••••••••• • I,1s 
Summer round-trip flights stUl available 

No. sn - O'KLAND/AMSTERDAM 
JUNE 14-5EPT. ' • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • • ... • ••••• "2ii 

No. 4000 - OAKLAND/AMST&RDAM 
JUNE 1""'PTEM8ER 7 : ••••••••••••••••.••• U" 

No. US - 0 I"~LAND/AMSTIERDAM , 
J UNE 17' -5EPTEMBER 1. • ••••••••••••••••••• 521' 

No. UI - N F.W YOIIK/LONDON 
JUNE 1. ·-sEPTEMBER. •••••••••••• • • ••••• "". 

No. UI - C At(LANDILQNDON 
JUNE 24-AUGUST :S0 ••••••••••••••••••••••• '2" 

.... 542 ~ O ' KLAND/'LOS ANGELES - .AMsffj{DAM 
AUGUST " -SEPTEMBER JI ••••••••••••••••••• U" 

No. 541 - O -\ ItLAND/AMSTERDAM (RoulNS trt.) 
JULY ;~,~~,T 1rN·TER.£UROPE· ·sTl.itiENT - . - - .. 2 •• . 

CHARTER FLIGHTS 
In conjunction wit" c •• la' ~1I,,,ts IIstad •• o.a •• t f.nt .. tlcalfy 
reduced r.ta •• Studant charter. to Indl • • Tunett. (North Africa) . 

~"t Africa , Turkay. Greec., RUllla . Malt • • • nd I" ... (T.I A ... ) 
,110 , •• II ... la .t r.ducad rat... ! 
CALL OR WRITE NOW "OR ,.URTHER IN,.ORMATION ANO 
A...-LICATIONS 

WRITE: <:'1 Jet Chlllten 
'. 2150 G,.., St. or 

San F~.C.. 94123 

PHONE: (415'922-1434 
(A!ter 6 and 
weekend., 

I'lltllts Open o"ly to ........ ts, f_ftlr, 1t8ff .... _Ptoy_ 
.M tlMtr 1m ......... f.m ..... of tlte U", of ClIlif. 

Page 8 Triton Times May 12, 1970 

The Anomaly Factory's pro-
duction 'Abraxas' has been ex-
tended for another two weeks. 
Performances will be held at 
8:30 p.m. Friday and Saturday 
May 15,16 and May 22,23. 
Tickets are available in Arts and 
Lectures (453-6l5l)or atthe door. 

, 
ACADEMY THE A T E R - Peop le's 
movies every Sunday at 2 p .m . Call 
281 ·4000 . 

************** 
Final Deadline for apply-
ing for staff membership 
and editoria I positions on 
the Triton Times, 1970-71 
Academic year, is 5 p.m. 
today . Applications can be 
picked up and should be 
submitted in the Triton 
Times office, Blake Hall. 
Membership is open to all 
registered UCSD students. 

Classes, Cred'it 
coatlnued from pqe 3 

The AMES Dept. will not sus-
pend classes, but it is considering 
ways to allow students to adjust 
their normal study pr ocedures. 
The Literature Dept. declared a 
voluntary moratorium for yester-
day and todlty. 

Other departments meet today 
to discuss these issues, including 
Music, Philosophy (at 10 a.m. in 
Revelle's Informal Lounge), Lit-
erature, and History (at 2 p.m. in 
HL Auditorium). Further details 
are available at the departments' 
offices. Undergraduates and grad-
uates are urged to attend. 

other departments, including 
Chemistry, Anthropology, and Bi-
ology met yesterday to discuss 
the same issues. 

The Sociology Opet. left the 
question of classes and creditup 
to discussion between students 
and their professor!';. 

Both the departments of Visual 
Arts and Psycology are operating 
under the Chancellor's rules, and 
are waiting for the Academic Sen-
ate meeting today. The latter de-
partment will meet if the Senate 
fails to cons ider the issue. of class 
attendance and credit. 

FLUTIST 

Paul Horn 
Lectures on 

Since certain other desartments 
have not acted, their positions are 
uncertain. A statement from the 
Math Dept. explained, "Everybody 
is walking around in a daze. " The 
APIS Dept. is closed because its 
offices have been occupIed by stu-
dents protesting research. 

The departments of Physics, 
Polltical ScIence, Neural Sci-
ences, Physical Education, and 
Economics are operating under a 
"business as usual policy." These 
departments did plan meetings at 
presstime, however. 

The Drama Dept. reported that 
all of its students wished to con-
tinue classes this quarter, and 
therefore the normal schedule of 
classes and performances will be 
followed. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BAN~ 
327 F st. 

PA YS DONOIS 
. for service 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

233 - 8328 . 

TRANSCENDENTAL MEDITATION 
Thursday, May 14 3 :00 P.M . USB 3060 

wives who make 

one mistake have no 

other path to travel. 

THE BERKELEY & 
SAN FRANCISCO SHOTS 
BIGGER THAN EVER ON 

EVERY PROGRAM 

TWO MEN STRANDED ON A STRANGE ISLAND 
AT THE MERCY OF LOVE-STARVED AMAZONS ! 

PUSSYCAT 
4th & " F" Street 

DOWNTOWN 
9-2394 

ADULTS 
ONLY 

Lon 

YiUi"I" 
" __ -'" •• "' __ NATIONAL AVE. 

--'''". NATIONAL CITY 
77 


