
Analysis of Newspapers Delayed; UC To Aid Health Sdences 
Molly Selvin 

and Rose DeCosta 
Stoff Writers 

Regent John Canaday, in a meeting of the Educational Policy 
Committee of the Board of Regents esterday in Los Angeles 
asked for a postponement of any consideration of policies and 
procedures governing student newspapers 0 far submitted to 
him , until the January meeting of the Board of Regents. 

Although he had received guidelines for five of the nine UC 
campus newspapers, he felt that he had not had enough time to 
consider and comment on them. 

The guidelines for UCSD s TRITO TIMES have not been 
received by the Regents for consideration yet. Chancellor 
Herbert York said yesterday that the TI's guidelines were still 
being worked on by Vice Chancellor George Murphy and Vice 
President for University Adminstration Robert Johnson. They 
will , however, be ready and will be presented to the Regents at 
their January meeting as required. 

Guidelines Requested Last July 
The guidelines requ ired for the January Regents' meeting 

were called for at the J uly 1970 Regents meeting, in the 
Canaday Resolution. This resolution expressed concern about 
the content, taste, and accountability of the campus-supported 
newspapers to their respective communications boards and 
administrations. This concern arose out of Regental charges of 
obscenity in :;ome of the UC papers, notably the UCLA DAILY 
BRUIN. 

If all the guidelines are not found acceptable at the January 
meeting, student fu nding will be cut off for the papers. 

While he declined to di cuss in detail the guidelines of those 
papers that were submitted, Regent Canaday did comment 
that the received guidelines were " better than nothing at all. " 
He also noted that UCLA had done "a fine job with its 
guidelines" as far as he could see. Canaday also commented 
that he had noticed a general " improvement in campu 
publications since July." 

Volume 1 J, Num.er 16 

No Improvement at Irvine 
Again he particularly commended the U LA DAILY BR I 

and the U B DAILY ALIFOR IA . Canaday. however, 
noted that h had seen no improvement in U J' s newspap r. 
the EW U IVERSITY. He still con iders the EW U an 
"entirely socia-politically oriented" newspaper. 

Canaday asked that the remaining guidelines be submitted to 
the Regents at least a month before the January meeting so 
that the Regpnts could have sufficient time to carefully 
consider them. The Regents should also register any 
comments or criticisms they have concerning the guidelines 
with the office of the University of California President. for the 
January meeting. Canaday felt that Regents should not 
publicly comment before the January meeting. until all the 
guidelines were before them at once. 

When questioned concerning his appraisal of the TRITO 
TIMES. Regent Canaday said that he had not seen any of the 
TT's recent issues and could not comment. 

UC Plans Medical Leadership Role 
The Committee on Educational Policy, meeting also 

revealed that the University of California plans to assume the 
leadership.role in helping the state face the manpower cri is in 
the health sciences. Changing patterns of health care and 
statistics from the U.S. Department of Health, Education, 
and Welfare show the need for increased emphasis on health 
maintenance. 

The University plans to double the output of doctors, nurses. 
and other profe sionals, by projecting an educational effort to 
meet the critical needs of the state. As it is now, 70 percent of 
the states' physicians are immigrants from other states. With 
the objective of doubling the health manpower output, the 
University has propo ed a ten year plan which will set the goal 
of producing more health personnel , making California Ie s 
dependent <?n imported physicians. 

University of California, San Diego 

Under th to-year plan, UC willi ' increase th nrollm nt of 
M.D. student by 1000 annually;byI980. a 133 percent mcrea 
over th pres nt level : 2) double the present resident and 
intern enrollment by nearly 4000 by 1980 ; 3J doubl th output 
Of dental professionals at the doctoriallevel ; 4 J Double efforts 
to ducate and tram tudents in health care administration, 
environmental health planning, and public health fields ; 5) 
take a lead in developing new categories and u es of heal th 
workers below the doctorial level ; 6) continue to take lead in 
training teachers for other health professional field with 
emphasis on clinical teaching programs at niversity and 
other affiliated ho pitals. 

Federal upport Expected 

485 million is the estimated total capital funding required 
for this lO-year program. The University expects to receive 
major federal support, and monies for ho pital construction 
will be obtained from loan fund . It is expected that a 
maximum of 60 percent of the financing will come from non-

sta~e s?urces such as private research grants. These budget 
proJ~ctlOns are made m terms of current dollars ; no provisions 
are mcluded for economic inflationary increases and for 
technological advances. 

The 10-year program was developed under Dr. Clinton 
Powell , University coordinator of medical and health sciences 
an.d an advisory. committee chaired by UCSD ice-Chancello; 
Clifford Grobstem. Powell admits, " While it is certain that 
changes will occur in the demands for health care services and 
the nature of health care delivery systems, and in the approach 
to education in the health sicences, the exact nature of the 
changes is impo sible to predict. ·' He said . " While the IO-year 
program repre~nt the b st c~rrent collective judgement as 
to the contrIbutIOn that the Umversity could and hould make 
to the health of Californians, it must be ubject to continual 
revision in the light of future development. " 

FriJay, November 20, 1910 

Two ChanceliorVacancies ;:O~;a~ne~eceives No Cutbacks 
Change Selection Picture 

Rose DeCo!to 
Staff Writer 

Two resignations. Two new chancellor for 
the UC system. What will this mean, and how 
might the neW' appointments reflect the 
attitudes of the Regents? 

Heynes' resignation form the Berkeley 
Chancellorship has prompted the public and the 
news media to question the tand that the 
regents will take in selecting' chancellors for 
UCSD and UCB. 

oel Greenwood , education writer for the Lo 
Angeles Times, feels that the appointments will 
reflect the new balan e of interests on the 
Board introduced by the addition of Rile , a 
liberal Democrat. Will they choose a hard 
conservative who will attempt to eliminate 
ca mpus unrest and maintain strong 
admini trative policies? Or will the new 
chancellors b liberals with policies compatible 
to present·day student philosophies? 

York Regrets Resigna tion 

Heyn h Id the Berkeley chanc llorship 
during an extremely trying period. He had the 
Regent to an wer to. as well a th Berkel y 
stud nt to answer for. D' acting 
chancellor York expre d hi regret about the 
re ignation, and Regentlligg of an Diego said 
" over th four y ars that I've been on the Board 
of Regents, 1've grown to resp ct him (Heyn ) 
as an administrator and admire him a an 
individual. His re ignation r ult d from a 
combination of circumstanc s- p or h alth . 

tc.-and I r I hi s resignation wa not forc d 
by any fear of him bing removed by th 
Reg nt " 

'arl eiburger. Revelle senior. f It that 
Hayn was too conventional. iburger 
claims, " II yn ttempt d to run hi ' offi e 
with all kinds of pr s ur s placed on him. II 
wa a p ac time chan llor with a wartim 
appointment. I don 't think h was a v r 
erf ctiv chancellor bC'cau h would hav 
b n a tl r guy to run a p ac ful campu. 
B rkeley require a p rson who i d namic 

enough to reorganiz the Berkeley Bureaucracy 
and at the same lime fend off the torrent of 
problems that the administration of that 
campus is met up with regularly ." 

Committee Head May Pro ide Clue 
What will the next chanc llor be like? One 

clue to the type of man that the Regents select 
will be, according to Dean Johnson of the UC 
University Relation Office at Berkeley, is who 
they pick to head the committe that will scre n 
for prospective chancellor . 

The Berkeley chancellor's search process will 
gen rally be the same as in San Diego. This fact 
might suggest that UCSD, with its 5l00-student 
enrollment a compared to Berkeley' size and 
political fervor ,might be pushed into the 
background . But York , Higg , and Johnson all 
agree that this will not be the case. York see no 
obviou effect. He ays," If there wa any 
effect, there would not be much at all. Some 
diversion from the news media might even help 
us get our work done here and spe d up the 
pro ess of selecting a chancellor for UC D." 

Regent Higg note , " Berkel y's earch for a 
chancellor is not going to focu any detrement 
on U SO. In fact , it might p d up the proc 
here . I would personally be hopeful to have a 
chan ellor named at th Januar J' meting of th 
Reg nt . This hop though i not committed to 
fact. .. 

Newton Speech Cancelled 
Th appearanc of Bla k Panth r Party 

I ad r lIu y P. wt n ha ' b n po poned 
indefinitely by the Bl {'k Panth r P rty. 

cwton wa to p 'ak Sunday night in th 
but was f rc d to canc I. appar nUy be au 
bit iness engag m nls on th J:<:a ,t Coast. 

Despite rumors that budget 
cut hav e harmed the 
Educational Opportunity 
Program . UCSD's EOP 
Director Tony Valencia told 
the Triton Time that all 
budget reque ts were met for 
this yea r. EOP is a scholar hip 
program ba d on potential , 
attitude. and financial need for 
black , brown, and low-income 
students, and its purpose is to 
give them an equal opportunity 
to pursue an education. 

Out of the 1050 entering 
freshmen. 381 EOP tudents 
are being accomodated this 
year. The initial quota given to 
EOP was 200. but the Council 
on Undergraduate Affairs 
agreed to raise the quota by 
100. Of th .300 regular admits, 
150 will go to Third ollege. 75 
to Revelle and 75 to Muir. The 

1968 -69 sc hool year 
accommodated 83 tudent and 
la t yea r there were 190. Next 
year' the program anticipate 
approximately 775 tudent . A 
report on the budget. the ethnic 
breakdown and the immediate 
future of EOP i in the proce s 
of being prepared. 

Minority Enrollment Aided 
The purpose of the 

Educational Opportunity 
Program is , as tated before. 
to enroll in C 0 able p ople 
from minority and low income 
backgrounds. finance their 
education when n ed exi t . 
and make a ailable academic 
upport (in the form of tutoring 

and pecial fa culty ad vi ing J. 
Due to environmental factor 

and inadequate education . 
most minority tudent lack 
the n cessary kill to 

E. .P. Dirertor Ton Val ncia . 

effectively compete with the 
high level of acad mic 
excellence demanded of 
tudent at UC D. The concept 

of the tutorial program i to 
help EOP tudent achieve 
their goals by providing them 
with these nece sary kill to 
maintain the mandatory 
regular student tatu (2.00 
GPA ). Thi program 
concentrates on how tudent 
learn, a well a the di tinction 
between " minority" (any 
di . advantaged individ ual 
regardle of ethnic origin ) and 
" whit .. learnin and logic. 

" White tudent who have 
been reared in an environment 
which is always perpetuating 
th idea of rec iving a colle e 
degr . and even advanced 
degre are probably 

( ontinued on Page 6' 



Guest in R. sWence H .... nities Annll 

Col~mbia Rabbi Criticizes Renoissonce Exhibit Herolds Debut 
Bruce Morden additional resource. the costumes and the banner. 

'J - h E t b I- h t' Sta ff Writer Four classes are now being One coed wants to .have I e'A'IS 5 a Ism en held in the anne~ , according to pro~ram of Rena lssanc! 
"Y YOll walk into the past as you Dr. Norton . He likes the annex. musIc. 

Cli" Posl 
trongly criticizing "Jewish Establishment" 

attitudes and prioritie . Rabbi A. Bruce 
Goldman. Jewish chaplain at Columbia 
University. spoke here Tuesday night to a 
predominately adult-filled audience of about 75 
people. The Rabbi poke for 45 minutes. 
followed by a vigorous question and answer 
period that lasted for over two hours. 

Looking more like a radical college student 
than the stolid New Jersey rabbi he once was. 
Rabbi Goldman started by saying that there are 
many problems that may not be considered 
Jewish problems. but for which Jewish ethics 
nonetheless demand an answer. He went on to 
add that the radical Jew found himself facing 
many problems. such as ecology. Viet Nam. and 
the draft. with virtually no support from the 
Jewish hierarchy. 

He stated that the "Jewish Establishment" 
was more interested in becoming absorbed into 
the White Anglo Saxon Protestant popUlation 
and that they were corppromising themselves 
out of a heritage. He cited the fact that the 
"Jewish Establishment" was stifling radical 
jewish protest so that President Nixon would 
send more military aid to Israel. which the 
Jewish establishment holds as a first priority. 

He then criticized the " Jewish 

as a religious function . 
He then criticized some "self perpetuating 

organizations." charging that if they were not 
primarily social organizations they were 
unresponsive to radical Jews. He said that the 
Anti-Defamation League had outlived its 
purpose and was primarily a social 
organization. He then told of an instance where 
a group of young Jews wanted to start a 
religious chool and had to accept a grant from 
the Christian oriented Danforth Fund because 
all the Jewish oriented boards of philanthropy 
turned them down. 

Rabbi Goldman received his Bachelor of Arts 
Degree from Bowdoin College in Brunswick. 
Main. and his Bachelor of Hebrew Literature. 
Master of Arts and ordination from Hebrew 
Union College-Jewish Institute of Religion in 
New York City. He has participated very 
actively in student rights and testified before 
the Cox Commission. 

He is also the founder of the Committee of 
Soviet Jewry and the Columbia Committee on 
Biafra . Rabbi Goldman is a member of Mayor 
Lindsay 's Urban Task Force and the ew York 
Clergy Consultation Service on Abortion. 
In addition to all this, Rabbi Goldman is also 
interested in Archeology and photojournalism. 

pass through the doors of the but says there are a great deal 1he . project was ,funde/ 
Humanities annex. The lute. of things that still could be primarily With Regents fund 
playing in Renaissance tyle, done. Those faculty member for innovative education. Th~ 
seems to be playing for the who have visited the annex are chancellor also purchased a 
king's court. The king himself very enthusiastic. but not too televisi?n for use by the annex 
stands solemnly gazing at you. many have been down to visit Accordmg to Dr. Norton and 
robed in hi royal ermine. The it. Mr. Baer. the annex is the first 
court banners hand from the Over the Thanksgoving humanities environment of its 
ceiling . This is the environment holiday the annex plans to type in the nation. 
which is the Humanities change to some 16th and 17th Much like a sic~ce lab iD 
Annex, located in the old social century Dutch painters uch as theory, the Humamtle annel 
science-biomed library in the Rembrandt. A history of differs in that you don't have I 
Humanities-Library Building. medicint;; will also be exhibited . specified set of facts that yO! 

The project was initiated and Th\' students have had a hand must learn. According to Mr 
guided by Dr. David Norton. in many of the developments of Baer, " You must find yoursell 
Philosophy. and Phillip Baer, a the annex. The students wanted There is nothing you must 
Revelle junior. The Annex the Shakespearean display, so but each person must re late 
serves as a mUltipurpose Phil Baer contacted the Old his own personal likes 
area- lecture room . discussion Globe Theater. which loaned dislikes." 
section, individual enjoyment 
or study. It is an area where 
stude nts can relate to 
humanities in a more positive 
way than by just reading the 
books. 

The idea for the annex was 
introduced in Dr. orton 's 
Philosophy 11 course last year. 
according to Baer. The space 
was reserved before the 

Credentials Analyst Will 
Visit University -Extension 

Establishment" for taking the Hebrew ethic out 
of the temple, and that most religious services 
were attended as a social function rather than 

r-------------, summer and the work was 

Bernard Dugas, certification analyst for the State 
Department of Education, will visit the UCSD campus Dec. 1, 
2, and 3 to answer questions related to credentials for teachers 
and persons interested in a teaching or counseling career. 

Dugas, who has done counceling and evaluation work for the 
Bureau of Teacher Education and Certification for the past 14 
years. will be available from 1 to 9 p.m. at the University 
Extension office on Matthews Campus. • • 

RAY CHARLES 
' 70 

DECEMBER 6 
SUNDAY 

Ray Charles and his Raeletts 
Peterson Gym nasium 

San Diego State 

Page 6 

8:00 P.M. 
50S Students $2_50 

Other College Students $3.25 
General Public $4.00 
Tickets available at: 

A2TEC CENTER TICKET OFFICE 
or ot the door 

Presented by Son Diego State's 
Assc ciated Students Cultural Arts Boord 

f 

Triton Times November 20, 1970 

TheSlacka: 
liD PEGGER· 
FLARES 
No-iron solids, stripes 
and plaids. 
sa 10 $9 a pair ! 

riD 
The Action 

iisDL 
SHOP 
PLAZA CAMINO REAL 

CARLSBAD 
(Metro Ticket Agency) 
FASHioN viLUV 

largely. done during the 
summer. The Renaissance 
exhibit which is being hown 
now is only a prototype. 
Eventually the annex plans to 
have three Or four different 
environme nts during the 
quarter , possibly two 
concurrently. It will al 0 serve 
as a reserve which faculty and 
student could draw on as an 

The education department of University of California 
Extension has ivited Dugas for the 3-day visit to provide 
authoritative answers to questions about credentials granted 
by the State Department of Education. 

Persons interested in the free counceling service should call 
453-2000, extension 2096 , for an appointment. Marjorie Goldin. 
University Extension councelor, will answer preliminary 
questions about the sess ion. 

E.O.P. Receives No Cutbacks Despite Rumors 
(Continued from page I) 

motivated in that respect. Most 
minority and low-income 
students do not think in terms 
primarily of higher education. 
They are thinking in terms of 
getting out of high chool and 
securing a jOb- a job which 
will probably be phased out 
within the next five to .ten 
years. " said Valencia. 

Most Pre-Professional 
Most of the tudents are 

involved in the pre-professional 
programs- going into medicine 
or law. or getting prepared to 
do graduate work . Some have 
gone to the medical school at 
UC an Francisco. There is a 
core of students expressing a 

strong desire to go to graduate 
school , especially in the fields 
of biology and the liberal arts , 
so that information can be 
taken back as services to their 
respective communities. 

Each of the minority 
students has his native 
intelligence. which is sufficient 
for him to survive in hi s own 
community . But when placed 
into a different culture, his 
learning capability is at best 
i nadequa te . The tu torial 
concept cannot pass judgement 
as to which learning process. 
" white" or "minority ," is 
better , but will attempt to give 
minority students the skills 
necessary to be co m e 
" bilingual" in the following 

ways: I ) have a 
understand the material in 
own terms, that is, keep 
originality of thoughts ; 21 
translate his knowledge into 
executive English ; and 31 
expand execu tive English inlo 
sop hi sticated univer sity 
language. 

Those who are particularly 
encouraged to apply are 
minority group, 10w-incol11l 
students who . may not meel 
admission requirements 
can offer evidence .~~nr';" . 
their ability to a 
university level. (Evliderlal 
supporting such appucclUOIIll. 
include letters from 
and counselors and a Slal,emem. 
from the applicant roa!lrilinP. 
his academic goals.) 

FOR A LIMITED TIME ... Fine Used and New 

lD'~l 
~~ 
~~~~ ~l!ij~1~a~~_ 
Many titles previously 
unav.ulable on I his 
campus for 
supplementary 
or reference 
male rial . 
From Lt!uding niversily 
and om IlIC rci a I 
Publishers. Ann Arhor 
and Yale Prcs~ - Anchor. 
Beacon . Dell. Meridian. 
Dove r. Harper Torch Bl)\l~ 
and many olher~. 

Hurry wh ile the selection ;s good! 

UNIVERSIIY BOOI( SIORI 

Provost Spedal 
LOX 
and 

CREAM CHEESE 
(III on onio. roll 

for gontiltsl 

95C 
Coffee Hut 

Winzer 
Scripp 

own d and opera ted 
by CD 

i\.SUCSD presents 

FRIDAY 
NITE 

FLICKS 
IPCRESS FILE. MICKY ONE 

plus KEYSTONE KOPS 

8:00 USB 2722 

OPEN 6:30 - SHOW It 7 

LI:I: 
MABVIN 
MORTI: 
WALS.·· 

AR.elWettern 
A CINEMA CE NlER filMS PifSENIAIION 
A NAnONAl G£ NERAI ~ClUilS iEllASE 

PANA'IISlON· and IECHN ICOIOi· 
G ~ 

......--2nd FEATURE----. 
ROD TAYLOR 

"Darker Than Amber" 
- RATEDR-

EL CAJON BLVD. AT 63RD ST. • 286·1455 
NIGHnY: 
1:30 

HI 
l:lI ' :41 

PARK BLVD. AT UNIVERSITY AVE. • 298-0577 

Saturday the 21st 
in the gym 

Boz Scaggs 
50( 

INTRODUCI NG 

THE UNPUBUSH VEL 
IS NOW AMERICA'8 MOST 

CONTROVERSIAL FILM! 
EASTMANCOlOR 

FINE ARTS r.2-....... 
1818 GARNET STREET 274·4000 

RATED 

X 
o 

ACADE1\CY ..... ----... 3n, UNIVERSITY AVE 284·1000 

SATURDAY 
MIDNIGHT 

BLUESACCORDIN'TO 
LIGHTNIN'H 

By Les BI.nk and SkiP Gerson (31) COLOR 

THE SPIRIT OF THE PEOPLE IS 
GREATER THAN MAN 'S 
TECHNOLOGY (3) 

BLACK DETERMINATION: 
AT CORNELL (IS) 
AND ON THE 6TH DAY (6) 
SHE WOULO KNOW (8) 
THE LOVE GIFT (10) 
ANIMALS IN MOTION (q) 
HELLO (6) 

CArUIN MILItSHAIU shown 01 7:00, 5'lS, 1:30, 11:50 
---ROCK MUSICAL CO .... ,,-__ 

"IT'S YOUR THING';G) 
STARRI " ISlEY IROTHERS, litE , TINA TURIIER REVUE!... CLARA WARD 

SINGERS, EDWIN HAWKIIIS SINGERS, JACKIE (IllOMSI IUlm 

Triton Timn 

BROADWAY at 2nd 
Open Noon 
233-6541 

November 20, 1970 Page 7 



Singing, dancing, refreshments, 
and art displays, all describe a 
carnival but this wasn't! It was just 
a simple Third College open house. 

A time for leisire, a time to get 
aquainted seemed to be the theme 
of the whole ·affair . 

There were art displays that 
brought local talent from San 
Diego. Eddie Edward , a noted 
artist, brought his collection of 
EXPLOSIVE art that highlighted 
the affair. 

James Hamilton, known around 
campus as "Strit", got down on his 
guitar and sang many popular 
songs and his own personal com-
positions. 

While the students were being 
entertained, little kids from a 
neighboring elementary school, 
The Free School, came and played 
inside a huge plastic balloon, that is 
called the "U.S. Gymsium". 

THIRD 
COLfEGE 
OPEN 
HOUSE 

• 

Photos by Zoller 

Reporter Mike Lyons on a ignmenl. The Triton Times offer 
fringe benefits for every taste. Join today. 

Page 4 Triton Time. November 20, 1970 

.. 

Eddie Edwards. a local painter, works on a canvas. 

A gianttenl, filled with frolicking kid . was a prime IIttractloD. 

Student Papers Confront Regents 
Steve Landau 

Contributing Editor 

Regent John Canaday ha been reading the nine UC student newspapers for 
quite some time now . and hasn'talways liked what he ha ' read. In what has come 
to be known as the" anaday Resolution " he accused the papers of "socio-
political advocacy" and of printing " lewd and obscene" articles. 

The re olution. passed at last July's Regents' meeting . requires all papers to 
submit operating guidelines acceptable to both their own administrations and the 
Regents. With the January deadline it set fast approaching. as many as five 
papers will ubmit their guidelines at tomorrow's meeting. and the rest will 
follow suit next month. If the e guidelines are rejected the papers face expUlsion 
from the campus and 10 s of student fees. 

Questions Unresolved 
Because the Regents hadn 't been offended by the UC newspapers until 

recently, several important questions have never been resolved. What degree of 
control should the Regents and/or the administration have over student 
newspapers and. more importantly. who is legally responsible in cases of libel? 

The Regents seem to feel that they are liable. While they own all capital 
equipment of the student media, control is usually delegated to the chancellor. 
He. in turn. has given authority to the Associated Students or campus-wide 
publica tions boards. 

Lawyers that the student journalists have consulted disagree, but still can 't 
give a really clear-cut opinion. They say that it is very hard to sue for libel 
successfully under today's laws. Furthermore, in California a newspaper can. 
relieve itself of responsibility if it prints an immediate retraction, they say. 

No test cases have come up yet. However, there were several articles printed 
last year that the Regents especially objected to. A supplement to the UCLA 
Daily Bruin had a cover picture depicti ng sexual intercourse in a graveyard, or 
so it seemed. This led to the arrest of two Bruin editors. 

UC Riverside 'S Higblander reprinted thi s picture and the administration 
confiscated nearly 6000 copies of that issue. The Highlander became notorious 
earlier for a lead story in one of its issues entitled " We Led the Revolution." In 
this tory two staff writers told how they had joined in the rioting at Isla Vista . 
They posed smilingly in front of their university vehicle, which had been burned 
during their absence. 

But perhaps the major bone of contention has been the increasing criticism of 
the Regents themselves by UC newspapers. UC Irvine' New University camed 

A supplement to the Daily Bruin had a 
cover picture depicting sexual intercourse 
in a graveyard, or so it seemed. This led to 
the arrest of two Bruin editors. 

a front-page story of Regent Edwin Pauley, detailing past business dealings. The 
Daily Bruin ran a tory accusing Regent Edward Carter of buying his Bel Air 
home with the help of the univer ity. 

Actua lly. no one- i quite sure how far the Regent ' objections go. and their 
intent in requiring guidelines remains pretty much of an enigma. UC Vice-
President Dean Johnson told student editors recently that the Regents are 
mainly concerned that the papers operate profeSSionall y under journali tic 
standards and are not as much concerned with obscenity and politics. 
" However. " says TT editor-in-chief Ha ywood Gammon. " it all depend on whom 
you talk to." 

Canaday ' dissati faction was voiced as early as May, 1969. and led UC 
President Charle Hitch to appoint a blue-ribbon commission of journalists to 
study the problem. Headed by orman Isaacs. president of the American ociety 
of Newspaper Editors , the commi sion researched the ituation over the 
summer. releasing its report at the beginning of this year. 

The report was not sati factory to some Regents. especia lly to those. like 
Issues Now 

Canaday. who had commissioned it. To the University it recommend d that the 
papers be given the grea test degree of autonomy . th reby absolving the 
administration of 'any re ponsibility. To the newspapers it recommended 
complete financial independence and. where this was impossible. a contractual 
rela tionship with funding bodies. 

On obscenity the report ca ll ed the la k of adult tolerance a "double standard ." 
It cited " ineptitude and inexperience" a the ' greatest problem of the 
newspapers, and recommended that professional help be given them. 

Canaday Unsatisfied 
Canaday. unsa ti sifed with this report. and enraged by further articles in the UC 

press, succeeded in paSSing the resolution of July . 
Since then newspapers at the nine campuses have been prepa ring operating 

guideli nes. In the ca e of the Triton Times and some others the existing 
consti tution and bylaws. rescued from some dusty corner of the orrice. sufficed. 
Other staffs had to write theirs from scratch. Sometimes campus-wide 
committees were formed to accomplish the task. . 

In most cases the staffs are satisfied with the guidelines that will be submitted 
to the Regents. ot so with the Daily Californian (Berkeley) stafr. Chancellor 
Heynes rejected the original set of guidelines they submitted to him. touching off 
a bitler dialogue. The DC editorialized on the front page that they were being 

The Daily Cal editorialized that they 
were being given two choices: confirm or 
cease publication. 

given two choices: conform or cease publication. and said that they weren 't 
prepared Co take either course. 

The DC guidelines provided for a publications board that would review content 
weekly and take appropriate action when complaints arose. The administration 
sa id that thi s was nothing new and wouldn 't guard against the "abuses" of the 
past. They wanted to see a day-to-day mechanism set up to check complai nLS. 

Generally , the guidelines call for the editor-IO-{!hief to be elected by a 
campus-wide body composed mainly of a cross-section of students. They pecify 
procedures for appointment of staff members. and internal decision-making. 

In the area of news policy they call for " balanced and fair coverage." They call 
for responsibility in editorial policy. and try to as ure that many Viewpoints have 
access to editorial columns. 

The newspapers have probably firmed up their sections on ob cenity a little 
more than before. The Triton Times bylaws say that language shall conform to 
contemporary usage by the univer ity community, and that objectionable words 
shall be used only in direct quotes or when necessary to the context of the article. 

Santa Barbara 's Daily exus state : "Photographs and pictures depicting 
individuals engaged in simulated sexual activity shall not be publi hed unless 
artistic merit clearly outweigh sexual content. " 

Com Boards Field Complaints 
In all cases the communication board is the body to which complaints 

regarding alledged violation of the codes must be taken. Thi body makes its 
decision after. and not before, publication. and then is to take appropriate action. 

Most paper are now pa t the fir t step-approval by their administration. The 
Daily Californian is still negotiating but TT Business Manager Jeff Fried, just 
back from a UC newspaper conference in Santa Cruz. says that " most people 
have fairl y good relations with their chancellors." Bruin editor Ann Ha kins. 
whose guideline come up tomorrow . aid that thing look " pretty good" for 
now. 

By January the UC new papers will know if their current cautious 
complacency was ju tified. If not, some of them may find themselves looking for 
an off-campus office and hustli ng new ads . Regardle s of the guideline. though. 
friction with the Regents is bound to continue. A' recent i ue of the Davi paper 
comes to mind in this regard . An editorial talks about the recent visit to that 
campus by a Regents' committee. The headlines read : "Something smells at 
Davis . . . and it isn 't the cows .. , 

Panel Pessimistic About 
Future Campus Housing 

THE TRITON TIMES 
WANTS TO 

PUBLISH YOUR LEITER! 

up to 30% off 
anniversary sale 

mod - fun clothes 
(asual & dressy 

indian imports 
made in our own shop 

Kathy Rust 
Staff Writer 51GI BOUTIQUE 

558 pearl, la jolla 
next to baskin-robbins 

'Seed' Center Opens 
In La Jolla Chuuh 

Mike Tawney 
StafJ Writer 

The S ed . A Center for 
Community Interaction and the 
Free Flowing Exchange of 
Idea . So runs the titleforthe 
center now open III the La Jolla 
Congregational Church at Cave 
and Ivanhoe Streets from seven 
to ten every Thursday evening. 
H is co-sponsored by the 
citizens of La Jolla and by 
DEFY, the Drug Education 
For Youth Center in Hillcrest. 
although the Seed has nothing 
to do with drug education 

Many and Varied Activities 

The main purpose of the Seed 
is to plan and to hold 
confronta lion meetings 
between groups-any groups. 
Ethnic. racial . religious. as 
well as any and all campus 
organization . In addition to 
these group discussions. 
anyone may teach a " class" on 
any subject during the weekly 
gatherings 

County Health Education Aid 
Martha Webb list other 
activitie expected to be 
commonplace atlhe gatherings 
each Thursda y evening . 
" Per on may exhibit original 
artwork at the Seed . 
Phonograph record may be 
played. Ca rd games and other 
indoor gam uch as Monopoly 
and crabble are expected to 
be played . Even seances may 
be held . Refreshments , 
principally cookie will be 
erved." 
In these la t- named 

categories. tho per ons who 
come to the e d are obliged to 
donate All phonograph 
record . deck of card . indoor 
games. and cookies must be 
brought by orne one who ha 
come to take part in the 
activille . Actual monetary 
donation are not de Ired, 
a I though the eed rna ya k the 
county for funds at orne future 
date. 

Europe 
Fall. Christmas and 
Summer 1971 flights 
ava il able . Also to 
Israel and Japan. 

E.S.I.P •• I.C.I. 
1211 Beverly Blvd_ 

los Angeles. CA 90048 
(213) 651 -3311 
(714) 755-3990 

after 5 p.m. 
E.S.E.P.- U.C .S.D. mem <s . 

By vir tue of its being in a 'stage of early 
growth, UC D has a unique opportunity to avoid 
another I la Vista situation by following a 
realistic plan in deve loping the community 
surrounding the University. What city plan will 
best suit the needs of the student , facu lty, and 
non-un iversity members of the community? Will 
the Uni ver ity be aggre sive enough to demand 
that the developers of the area concede to the 
needs of the University? These were some of 
the questions that thi week 's Issues ow class 
con idered. 

R. Hollis Hamstra , a member of a University 
community planning committee, reports 
"excellent cooperation from the University at 
all levels. " However , he, too, criticized the 
master plan. In his opinion, " the commi ttee 
came up with a history of harness making when 
we needed to harness the horse." 

A member of the audience asked if an Isla 
Vista situation is necessarily unde irable in 
view of the fact that most of the residents of Isla 
Vista enjoy living with other students. Murphy 
replied that the UCSD master plan sought to 
avoid a totally student community because 
" that kind of segrega tion is e sentially 
unhealthy. " 

OMBAC 
BASH 

(A dults Only) 
~ • ~ 'rom bus iness cords to brochur •• 

P an tJ! g!,~h~~;,::,:~~~~~ :~;;:~:: 
The University Community master plan of 

1960 was reviewed several yea rs ago by a 
committee co-chaired by Vice-Chancellor 
George Murphy. In general , the master plan 
attempts to avoid the student community 
ituation of Isla Vi ta as well as the opposite 

extreme of a high-r nt, upper class Westwood 
community. They hope that the geography of the 
area will be preserved by " interlaCing the 
communi ty with open spaces. " 

The rna t r plan is not without opposition. 
Mrs. Mary Manaster, resid nt of University 
City and " hampion of the Underdog," states 
tha t the rna ter plan wi II not meet the needs of 
the " lower-income strata." 

Charles Warren, an employee of the Irving 
Kahn Company, whi his lhe major develop r of 
the land ar und C D. discussed th financial 
difficulll involved in developing the 
community Private developers hav difficulty 
('omp ting with Univer ity dormitorie on price 
rates. A mass transportation ' stem. which 
would b ideal for the community. could cost as 
mu h as $8.000.000 p r mile. 

A San Diego citizen asked pointedly how much 
land Irving Kahn owns around U SD and how he 
obtained it. Charles Warren tat d that Kahn 
owns about 1500 acres, orne of which he 
purcha ed before th Univer ity came into 
exist nc . George Murphy commented that two 
problems are getting Kahn to develop hi land in 
the best intere t of the community and making 
him collaborate with mall r land owners in the 
ar a. lie admitted that Kahn has demonstrated 
a desire to cooperate. r 

Th panel concluded that there will inevitably 
be a very seriou hortage of housing in thi 
area. neces itating immediate larg - ale 
building program '. The community will try to 
provid immediate hOll 'ing that is inexpensive 
but which is also consistent a long-term plan for 
satisf ing the be t interests of the community. 
The panel was generally pc slmisl1c about 
wh th r both of th objectives Will be 
achieved . harles Warren remarkcd. " We 
all know what we want for the community. If 
things don ' t work out. it won 't be because we 
didn't try but becau e we didn 't know how." 

Fri:, Nov. 20 
BAND 

The 
D.C. Corporation 

HARD BOOZE 
8 P.M . 

at 
The Power Boat 

and Ski Club 
(behind Mission Bay Golf Cou".) 

- DONA TlONS-
$ US men .75 ladies 

DI ;;BOr 
POSi£(50~~ I&tTS'~PITEMH~t!S-l£ATH~ • ~1OTt rtfUS'tAP 

~211 W5~1~~ BUD. M\W~H 
Triton Times November 20, 1970 Page 5 



RUM Undergoing 
Sea Tests at Scripps 

SAN DlEGO-Sea-fioor operations of a remote-controlled, 
tracked vehicle called RUM have totaled more that 100 hours 
in running up nearly ten miles of bottom crawling in the 
Pacific since RUM was fir t lowered into the ocean early this 
year. 

RUM, for Remote Underwater Manipulator, is undergoing 
extensive tests off the California coast to determine its 

capab~lity as a research tool in ocean technology, according to 
Dr. Victor C. Anderson of the University of California--San 
Diego 's Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 

Scripps engineers and technician designed. built, and are 
operating RUM under sponsorship of the Office of Naval 
Research. 

Trackinjt the Sea Boltom 
RUM has been tested in shallow (100 feet) water depths and 

.in deep (3,300 feet) water depths. Most of its bottom-crawling 
maneuvers have been off California 's Coronado Strand in 100 
feet of water. rt is capable of working in 6,000 feet. 

RUM is carried to its site of operations in the center well of 
the 45-foot-square Oceanographic Research Buoy (ORB) , 
RUM is then lowered by a 10,000-foot tetl>"r cable through the 
well to the sea floor . The tether cable transmits power to RUM 
from ORB and returns a ,variety of data , including video signals. 

RUM can traverse one-foot-high vertical obstacles on a 
rocky bottom. The manipulator boom is equipped with a hook 
capable of lifting loads up to 1,000 poinds. 

Extends Man's Perception 

The operator uses sonar to survey the general sea-floor area 
and detect objects on the bottom. He then uses television to 
manipulate the hand as it picks up the object. 

Discussing the advantages of the RUM-ORB system, Dr. 
Anderson said it "extends man's perception down to the ocean 

MODERN SEA MONSTER moves, picks up objects, and sents 
back TV images from depths of 3,380 feet below ocean's 
surface_ RUM, as it is called, was designed and built by Scripps 
engineers and technicians and will resume making tracks 
along the sea bottom in trial runs three miles offshore La Jolla 
in December_ 

floor and gives. him a means of influencing the deep-sea-floor 
environment Without exposing him to its hostility. RUM can 
work long peri~s on the sea floor. Submersibles normally 
have a work period of a few hours before they must go top-side 
and even a'shorter time if lights are used extensively. . 

"To our knowledge, the RUM system is the only one of its 
kind in the world." 

New Car Exhaust Control Systems 
Criticized by UC Berkeley 'Economist 

A University of California 
economist cast strong doubts 
today on current and 
prospective policies of Detroit 
manufacturers designed to 
com pl y with rigig 
governmental controls on 
smog-producing E:missions 
from automobiles. 

Professor Joe . Bain of the 
Berkeley campus warns that 
serious economic and 
environmental consequences 
for the public hinge on 
technical decisions now being 
made by the allto makers. I Ie 
suggests further federal 
participation in decision-
making concerning methods of 
emissions control. 

Writing in UCLA 's Western 
Economic Journal <December-
da ted issue ), Professor Ba i n 
said he believes biases "have 
affected or may affect the auto 
producers' choices between 
signif icantly different type of 
exhaust-emission systems. " 

The exact choice of engine 
modification now being made 
is crucial. Bains believes. One 
control ystem is based on an 
exhau t-manifold afterburner 
and the other on a muffler-like 
catalytic reactor. Bain says the 
most important difference 
between the syr.tem i tha tone 
afterburner ty)e i ' relatively 
unaffected I y convention 
leaded gasolin":s, wherea s the 
catalytic types are 
substantially incompatible 
woth the use 0 uch gasolines 
And General !'vIo I)r~ . thl' 
economist notc s. very recently 
announced iu chOice of a 
catalytic rEactor to be 
introduced fir: t n some 1973 
models. and 01 all model by 
1975 "Other aiM firm mayor 
may not foll JW its IGM' I 
lead," Bain says. 

Meanwhile, the article go s 
on, a highly controversial 
deci ion has been mad to 
modify auto engine and the 
gasolin s they burn from now 
until 1975. Early this year 
Gen ral Motors announced 
plan to reduce the 

Page 2 Triton Times 

compression ratios on all its 
1971 through 1974 engines to 
8.5: I, so that they would 
operate on 91-octane unleaded 
gasoline (or such gasoline 
containing a trace of lead) . The 
other major American auto 
firms genera lly fo llowed uit, 
and most petroleum refiners 
have co-operated in supplying 
the ~equested gasoline as 
needed. 

The combination of lower-
com pression engine s and 
un leaded gasoline will not 
appreciably reduce th e 
aggregate smog-forming 
potential of exhaust emissions 
per vehicle mile. " Onl y 
exhaust control system will do 
that and more," says Bain . 

There are two 
considerations. the author 
continues. that seem to make 
ca tal yt ic sys tems more 
a ttractive to auto producers. 

First. eKhaust manifold 
afterburners are hard to fit into 
engine compartments crowded 
with fat V-8 engines. "and 
Detroit may be loath to shift 
back to in-line engines." 

econd. from a profit-making 
standpoint, Detroit may favor 
a catalytic system with 
probable lower initial but 
higher maintenance costs over 
an after-burner system with 
probable higher initial but 
lower maintenance costs. 

" Yet, other things being 
equal, " Bain says , " an 
afterburner system would be 
prefe rable econo micall y 
beca use it would permit the use 
of more effi cie nt high 
compression engine while 
burning relatively inexpen ive 
leaded high-octane gasoline . ,. 

Bain holds to the view that 
" it may be poor public policy 
imply to establish certain 

performance goals to be 
attained by private industry 
and to leave the manner of 
attain ing these goals almost 
entirely to the discretion of 
industry. 

"Government should perhaps 
become somewhat more 
involved in deciding which 
alternative means of reaching 
sta ted goals are mo st 
economical and best service 
the public interest. " 

WANTED 
See Terry at TT 0 lfiee 

Computer Jobs Program Gets Funds 
Computer Jobs Through Training, a computer 

training project at the University of alifornia. 
an Diego, has announced receipt of 85,000 in 

supporting funds from the California State 
Office of Vocational Education. The funds are 
provided under a ec tion of the federal 
Vocational Education Act which supports 
vocationa l education for di sadvantaged 
students. 

As a result of the support. Computer Jobs 
Through Training ( JTT ) will beg in three new 
classes for young adults within the next two to 
three months. The new c1as s, similar to 
earlier classes under the program. will provide 
direct Job ('dining. ~ I'V r. according to the 
proj ct instructors, the principal objectives in 
the new classes will be to prepare students to 
take advantage of the many additional training 
opportunitie in the computer field which are 
ava ilable in the San Diego area . 

In order to qualify for training, students must 
be between the age of 18 and 30, ha ve a high 
chool degr e or equivalent exper ience. be a 

Citizen of the United Sta tes or a p rmanent 
re ident. speak English , and be unable. to get 
uch trai ning in any other way. 
In special ('a s some of these requirements 

ma y be modified. Person intere ted in learning 
more about th cour s can obtain information 
by calling the JIT project at 453-2000. 
ex tension 2673. 

November 20, 1970 

The CJTT program has been developed by a 
small full-time staff at UCSD and a large group 
of highly dedicated University of California 
undergraduates and high school -aged 

eighborhood Youth Corps students, most of 
whom are themselves from the local 
disadvantaged community. 

With the aid of a mobile computer center built 
into a 40-foot trailer truck. CJTT is able to bring 
the computer and classroom facilities directly 
into the tudent's own neighborhood . 

The program. under development for over 
two years, ha s been hindered by re tricted 
funding . The 85 ,000 grant is the first major 
sta te or federal support rece ived by th project. 
Developmenl support during the past two years 
has come from within the University , from th 
Rosenberg Foundation of San Francisco, and 
from a numb r of industry supporter including 
Gulf G n ral Atomic, Xerox Data Syst ms. 
afeway Foodstores and a number of others. 
A cording to Or. M. Grangp.r Morgan, CJTT 

project director, th state grant will not operate 
the full omputer Jobs Through Training 
program during the coming year . 

" It will form an important nucl us about 
which further upport from local industry and 
other sourc scan b built," Morgan said . "Th 
short t rm future of the project i now assured 
but additional support i badly n ed d," h said . 

The prospects for a substantial faculty pay raise next year 
are not good, conceded UC President Charles J . Hitch thi s 
week. Addressing the statewide UC Academic Assembly at 
UC LA , Hitch also stated that without an increase in state 
taxes, highel' education in alifornia is not going to get the 
money it needs next year from the Legislature. Hitch felt he 
could be fairly optimistic about a salary increase if it wasn 't 
for financial plight of the state: UC Regents are a king an 11.2 
per cent faculty salary increase plus a 5.3 per cent boost in 
fringe benefits for next year, but Hitch held out little hope 
Tuesday that the full amount would be granted. 

UC professors. along with state college faculty , were refused 
a 5 per cent pay raise this year by the Legislature in what was 
widely regarded as a punitive response to campus disorders. 
Noting prediction of a fall-off in state revenues because of a 
troubled economy, Hitch said, "The financial picture is such 
that I do not see how they (legislators) can achieve a balanced 
budget and provide higher education what it is going to need 
without substantial taK increases." 
Hard Hats Tend to Be Dove-isb, Study Cliams 

America's hard hats and blue collar workers, contrary to 
widespread belief, tend to be "dove-ish" toward U.S. 
involvement in Southeast Asia, according to a recently 
completed study by a UC Riverside political scientist. This 
finding is the product of a survey of voting patterns in U.S. 
cities which held referendums on the Viet-nam war. It was 
made by Associate Professor of Political Science Harlan Hahn. 
31. Hahn commented : " It is a popular belief that the American 
working class is 'hawkish.' But as a class, low-income 
American register the strongest disapproval of our 
involvement in the war." He felt that the misunderstanding of 
lower-class 'attitudes toward the war developed, in part, 
" because few people have bothered to study or inquire into 
their opinions." In his study, Hahn studies the results of 
referendums held in seven American cities between 1966 and 
1968. These included San Francisco, Mill Valley, and Beverly 
Hills, California . 

In each of these cities voters approved proposals calling for 
withdrawal of American troops from Vietnam. Coupled with 
conversation with some of the lower income residents in the 
communities, the survey led Hahn to the finding that " these 
citizens don't usually participate in anti-war demonstrations, 
and are generaJly uneasy about expressing attitudes which 
may be thought unconventional or unpatriotic." 
College Front Office Youtb Takeover Seen 

Universities and colleges across the nation are looking to 
younger and younger administrators to help cope with 
increasingly complex problems on campus. This youth 
movement is especially noticeable in the administrative level 
just below the office of president--dean. vice president, and 
assistant to the president. It is this level that has the mo I 
direct contact with student . Even at the presidential level, the 
ages of the many recent appointees are in the early and middle 
30's and 40·s. 

An Associated Press urvey di scloses these reasons : 1) 
colleges and univer ities hope younger men will be better able 
to communicate with students and under tand their feelings ; 
2) they feel the phy ical demarrl1s of the job of the president 
and other high administrative position are increasing and 
might be too much for older men ; 3) they want people in top 
posts who can devote a good portion of their lives to the job 
begore retirement. 

A study by the American Association of Universities showed 
that of 10 univer ity presidents appointed this year, the two 
oldest were 43 and five were in their 40's. One of the youngest 
of these presidents is Leon Botstein , who at 26 heads ew 
Hampshire's Franconia College, founded in 1963. The youngest 
administrator reported was Patricia A. Ponto, 21 , who was 
made dean of women at St. orbert College in West De Pere , 
Wisconsin, just 72 hours after she was graduated. 
Venereal Disease in U.S . Called Pandemic 

For the first time in the penicillin era, venereal ji ea e has 
been declared "pandemic" in the U.S. it was disclosed last 
week. The American Social Health Association said the 
situation was so serious that it would ask Pre ident iKon to 
appoint a commi sion on venereal disease. Only twi e before in 
its 58 year has the asociation declared venereal diseases--
syphillis and gonorrhea--to be pandemic. The two times were 
at the end of each world war. 

The " pandemic" denotes epidemic of unusual extent and 
severity, over a wide geographic area and affecting an 
exceptionally high proportion of the population. An ASH A 
report on the fi scal yea r ending June 30, 1970, show thaI 
infectious syphillis went on a sudden increase--reversing a 
trend toward decreased incidence during the preceding six 
year . The incidence of gonorrhea continued to rise during the 
same period. The ASHA estimates that one in 10 young women 
between the ages of 18 and 24 may have gonorrhea and not 
know it. 

Over half the cases are in the under-24 age group. A 
percentage of these will never become mothers, because the 
disease can induce sterility. However , even those who escape 
sterility and later become pregnant may infect their infan ts 
during the ge tation period. The infants may develop 
conditions leading to permanent blindness. Syphili and 
gonorrhea are transmitted only by s xual intercourse . 
New Class President Commutes From Jail 

The new fr shman clas pr sid nt at a Memphi college 
spends his days at chool and hi s night in a prison c II. Hugh 
Barn . 25, was ele t d by 1,400 oth r freshmen at the tate 
Technical In titute of Memphis where he has a perfect 4.0 
grad point av rag and i majoring in 'omput r 
programming. Barnes attends th institute under a work-
r I ase program at the h Iby ounty Penal Farm. He i 
serving a thre -to-five year' nt nee on bad check charges. 

AS Considers Del Mar Bus 
The Associated Students are working on a 

proposal for a bus system to North County 
which besides providing transportation, "could 
re hape the future of the entire campus," 
claims Steve Pomeroy, AS Commissioner of 
Student Welfare. The idea of the bus system to 
North County has been tossed around by past 
A.S. administrations but A.S. President Mike 
" Heavy" Palcic has done more for it over the 
past year than anyone else. Now that the 
Commissioner system has been initiated, by the 
new AS Constitution Palcic asked Pomeroy to 
work on the i1rea of transportation. The 
ecological aspects of the project are many fold . 
"If we can make it possible for the student , 
faculty and staff to be more dependent upon 
some other form of transportation there will be 
fewer parking lots and more grass on campus." 
Pomeroy also points out that a 350 HP bus can 
carry 21 persons just as easily as a 350 HP 
Cadillac can carry one person. 

economical. The University owns several 
buses but most of them are now being 
employed as University Hospital running a 
parking lot shuttle service. The only bus now 
used on campus is the little white bus which 
huttles students and others to the Mesa 

Apartments. This service is being provided by 
the Housing Office which plans to di scontinue 
service as soon as the city bus extends its 
service into that area. The bus itself is in poor 
mechanical condition. The run to Mesa 
Apartments is level as well as being close to the 
campus. The trip to Solana Beach and Del Mar 
is neither level nor close. 

Recently both Palcic and Pomeroy have been 
meeting with Vice-Chancellor of Business and 
Finance Herman D. Johnson in general 
discus ions to get this service off the ground. 
The main problems at this point are 

The Associated Students are in the process of 
planning an experimental service later this 
Academic year. The bus will make six round 
trips through Del Mar to Solana Beach and 
return with the shuttle service to Mesa still 
included. Without subsidy the cost per student 
would be about 50 cents. The eost could be 
lowered to ten to fifteen cents if a student were 
trained and certified as a bus driver. The round 
trip including Mesa Apartments is estimated to 
take about one hour. 

The Swit(h Is On 

Boys Trade Suites With Girls 
In Revelle Residence Halls 
What happens when two suites 
of girls from Blake trade 
dorms with two suites of guys 
from Argo? 

Well , It may be one way to 
end water fights. Beyond that, 
it's hopefully a way of breaking 
down the distance between 
guys and girls in the Revelle 
residence halls, of making the 
halls a more natural 
environment, and of making 
them a more comfortable place 
to live. 

Last Friday the exchange 
took place. The women were 
warmly received with a 
spaghetti dinner and 
"welcome" party by the Argo 
guys. The guys who moved to 
Blake had a popcorn party and 
invited all the girls. 

According to Dean Ernie 
Mort, Revelle Resident Dean. 
" the purpose of the move was 
an experiment to find out if co-
eding would be a success in the 
Revelle dorms." Mort said he 
feels that one of the main 
problems involved with making 
the Revelle dorms cooed is the 
disproportionate number of 
males to females . The ratio is 
approximately three to one. 

"One of the problems with 
creating male dorms and 
female dorms on the Revelle 
campus is thaL it limits the 
number of women we can have 
in the college, and therefore 
lowers the possibility of 
changing the male-female 
ratio." Mort stated . He 
continued, "Making the dorms 

Public Invited To Biology Symposium 
SAN DIEGO- More than 

2,000 scienti ts from 42 states 
and l2 foreign countries are 
expected to attend the tenth 
annual meeting of the 
American Society for Cell 
Biology next week in an 
Diego. The three-day event is 
scheduled for Nov. 19-21 in the 
Convention Center. Ci vic 
Concourse. 

There will be a special 
symposium, open to the public 

without charge beginning 9 
a.m. Nov. 21. on the structure 
and action of genes. High 
school and college tudents will 
be especially welcome. Dr. 
Elizabeth R. Hay of the 
Harvard Medical School will 
preside. The program will 
include Oak Ridge ational 
Laboratory photographs taken 
through an electron 
microscope illustrating how 
the genetic material DNA 
produces mes enger R A. 

cooed will give us more space 
to work with. so that more 
women may be accommodated 
on campus." 

Mort said that last year an 
experiment was attempted 
which would have involved the 
moving of several suites of 
girls from Blake over to Argo 
and vice versa. "The students 
voted against the experiment," 
Mort continued, " because the 
move was to take place in the 
spring when most students 
were making their room 
selections for the next year." 

So far this year's experiment 
seems to be a success. The 
girls in Argo think that living 
with the guys is just great. An 
unidentified Argo male 
claimed that he loves having 
the girls there. and wishes 
there were more. 

The Blake girls love having 
the guys. But one of the men in 
Blake complained that so far 
it's been pretty tame.' 

PAC)r,C 
YAMAHA 

complete sales 
8t service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
1551 .arn.t .v. 

Icific blleh 774-6343 

'Talent Search' Aids 
Minority Students 

What are the chances of a min~rity student' s 
attending any institute of higher learning? 
As isting pro pective minority college students 
as well as those who wish to attend vocational 
schools and other institutes of higher learning is 
the main purpose of the Talent Search program, 
a federally-funded project with offices in 250 
Matthews. The program is a grant, which was 
initiated by John Erickson. assistant dean of 
student affairs in charge of financial aids. was 
granted August 28. 1970 and is officially funded 
by HEW's Office of Higher and International 
Education . 

The Talent Search plans to cooperate with 
other efforts, primarily EOP, in identifying 
youths from target areas ; surveying their 
academic potential and interest; informing 
them of the options and educational 
opportunities available to them ; assisting and 
encouraging them to take advantage of all 
educational and training programs and 
opportunities ; and compiling all this 
information into a Student Data Central. with 
information available to the participating 
educational institutions. 

" 

The talent search has 60 to 70 branches in 
major metropolitan center acro s the nation. 
Until this year San Diego wa s without its own 
branch ; now San Diego has the only known 
Talent Search branch to use a computer. The 
UCSD program is compiling its information on 
the computer so that it may have easy access to 
student in San Diego and lmperial counties. 

James Stint entertained the crowd at 
Wednesday's Third College open house. 

The program serves San Diego and Imperia l 
counties which include 47 public high schools. 
Out of their 66,000 students, 6700 are chicano , 
2400 are blacks, 700 are Asiatics and 220 are 
Indians. 

Support the 

The program itself is run by a advisory 
governing board which has representatives 
from the chicano, black, and Filipino 
communities and by from the educational 
institutions in the area . 

CRISIS 
The Talent Search program is looking for 

people who can go to colleges and other 
institutions of higher education. It is assisting 
EOP and other recruiting programs by 
facilitating the flow of information to them and 
high school counselors. 

CENTER 
Of the 1000 students who are presently 

involved in recruitment effort s. only one or two 
hundred students are admitted. Talent earch 
proposes to help the other eight or nine hundred 
to enter other educational institutions across 
the nation. 

239-0325 

Legal Seminar to Debut Monday 
The first of a ries of 

seminars centered on legal 
topics concerning student will 
be held next Monday night. 
says Steve Pom eroy, 
commissioner of student 

B~er, Food, Wine 
tr ENTERTAINMENT tr 

Monday UCSD Night 
Beer 20' 

Fay & Silverado 
La Jolla 

welfare. The topic is "The 
Fourth Amendment , 
rivisited. " and discussion will 
involve the legal aspects of 
search and siezure. H the police 
come to your door and demand 
to be let in . should you admit 

them ~ Must you admit them ? 
If thev enter on their own. how 
legal i their action? 

This rics. pon ored by the 
AS. is being held in an effort to 

inform students of their legal 
nght . A future topic will be 
con erned with real e tate law 
and It interpretation for 
student who rent apartments 
or houses off campu 

The eminar on search and 
siezure will be heldat 7:30p.m. 
on Mondav. :"iov .. 23. in U B 
2622 A an Diego lawyer will 
be providing the facts and 
informations. 

HONDA CARS 
$139500 

Clearance Sale at Our Co t! 

SIVE UP TO $3.00 
.... , . .... , ...... a.-.. .... .... 

c:.- .......... .......... 

SAil Sf AUS IOOAY 

UlllYDIIIY aoo •• '0111 

STEREO COMPONENTS 
Scott-Oynaco-Kenwood 

Rt(eivers-Amps-Speakars-Tape Re(orders 

la iolla music 
1128 wall la iolla 

459-3375 

For Free 
Home Demo .. ,' 
Call Arnie 
anytime at 

~5~- 7478 

Pacific Honda-12 9 arnel 

Triton Time, November 20, 1970 



on till1es 
Univenity of California, San Diego 

La Jolla, California 92037 
(714) 453-2000, ext. 1016, Advenising ext. 1017 

:Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The editorials ex,,,essecl below are arproved by the TRITON TIMES Edilori~l Board. All other opinions 
expressed on thIS page are thOle 0 the authors wh_ names appear 1ft the bylines, and do nat 
necessarily reflect the views of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit moterial to be published in 
this section should lend it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Holl , UCSD. 

Student Press and The Regents 
Editors Note :-

The following editorial was written 
before we received the news that 
considerat ion of guidel ines by the 
Regents will be postponed until the 
January meeting. 

Today five campus newspapers, 
under the mandate of the Canaday 
Resolution will submit their guidel ines, 
seeking Regental approval . The Triton 
Times at th is time extends its support 
not only to these guidelines but to 
whatever interpretations the various 
editors choose to apply to them. 

Although its implications are still 
vague, the Canaday Resolution could 
be anything from a simple attempt to 
pressure the editors into more con -
servative, less "obscene" viewpoints 
to a concerted application of prior 
censorship by the Regents. Whatever it 
is, it is not good. Control of the campus 
press now stands where it belongs, 
with the students themselves. We 
recogn ize the right of the Regents to 
critic i ze but not to interfere. This is 

because the student press is exactly 
that: the student press . 

At present about half of Triton Times 
funds are supplied by the Regents, But 
it is not the Regents ' money; it comes 
from students' AS and registration 
fees: We recognize that as long as we 
are dependent on student funds, 
complete " freedom of the press" will 
not trul y be ours. However, we do not 
believe this means that our "soc io-
pol itical" stands or standards of 
"obscenity," if such do exist, should 
please the Regents. Any judgment that 
we have failed or are biased in our 
news reporting , "wrong" in our socio-
political stands, or obcsene should 
come from the individual chancellors, 
the communications boards, and most 
of all from the students of the in-
dividual campus communities. 

We do not think it necessary to show 
the need for and value of a free press . 
We feel it is self-ev ident that any 
campus newspaper which tailors every 
issue to "please" the Regents can in no 
way be free . 

Credit For P.E. 
The intramural athletic program is 

one of the most successful programs 
going as far as the number of in· 
dividuals participating is concerned. 
Successful as it is, one problem 
remains : its further growth and ex-
pansion is in danger of being severely 
limited. The reason for this, of course, 
lack of funds. In the case of intramural 
athletics the solution to this common 
problem is, however, at hand. If the 
Physical Education Department were 
allowed to give credit for its courses, it 
would recieve additional funding from 
the state. The Triton Times believes 
that credit should be given for these 
courses. We are not advocating that 
physical education be made man-

datory, as at other institutions, but we 
feel that the program is important 
enough to justify credit. 

The question comes up as to the 
worth of athletics: some say that since 
one comes to college to improve one's 
mind there should be no credit for 
athletics. We feel, however, that one 
comes to college to improve his whole 
person . In the improvement of the 
whole person , the body should not be 
forgotten . Neither should we forget 
that certain forms of athletics help to 
develope our ability to deal with 
conflict and tension. 

All those holding similar opinions 
should contact the faculty senate of-
fices and make the ir wishes known . 

triton tiIlles 
Editor-in-Chief .. Ha~wood Ga mmon 
Cit y Editor . _ .... .. Rich lI eiml il·h 
Managi ng Editor ... . .. Mike I\.la~ er 
Copy Editor ... .... Chuck Gra ham 
Business Manager .. .. . .. Jeff Fri er! 
Editorial Direc lOr . . Raoul Contrera, 

IAssociate Ci ty Editor ... Owen J O\ ner 
Carl i'leibl;rgcr 

Arts Editor .... . .... Tcrr~ Ilarak 
Sports Editor .. . . .. . Rockl Halfon 
Photography Edi tor .... John Zall cr 
Contributing .:dilOr .. . SIC \ e Land au 

News Oeportment 
Rod Lorang 
Juliano Cinque 
Rose DeCosta 
David Kopelu.znik 
Kathy Rust 
Carl Neiburger 
Robert Miller 
Molly Selvin 
Bruce Morden 
Mike Kontro 
Mike Roth 
Brenda Wilson 
Mike tyons 
Mike Tawney 
Jim Sill. 

lor" Deportment 
Joy GilieHe 
Peter Gordon 
Bobbie Fink 
Lorry Johnson 

Artis" 
Sarah McKeono 
Allan Sekula 
George Sazoni 

Aut Managing Ed 

Advertising 
Deportment 
Mark Trilling 
Susan Codes 
Molly Selvin 

Secrelarial StaH 
SIeve Cohen 
Marge VanValken-

burgh 

Joe Eastern Copy Department 
Camy Shorick Sharon Weldy 

Debbie Montgomery 
Production Glena Schroeter 
Dave BUChbinder Molly Montgomery 

The TRITON TI~lES i. officially recognized and supported os a .tudent newspoper by the Communications Boord 
of the University of California, Son Diego. Bu ilding 250, MOHhews Campu., La Jolla , California 92037. Publication 
i. twice weekly," Tue.day. and Fridays. Offices are located in room 117. Bloke Hall. on the Revelle Campus. For 
Adverf isi ng ph,ne H3 2000 , X 1017; for ed itor ial or new. phone XIOI6. 

Page 8 Triton Times November 20, 1970 

Opinion 

Advice To Freshmen 
Jim Sills 

As a noted expert recently observed , UCSO is a campus with 
a peculiarly intense political atmosphere. TIiough one be 
indifferent or hostile to politica l topics. one must. to survive . 
be concerned with such matters. Eventually. no matter how 
careful your plans. you will be forced into the maelstrom. This 
moment may come many ways : for me. it came when I tried to 
enter a classroom one morning. Several students were 
gathered around the entrance and informed me that there was 
a 'student strike ' in progress. Furthermore. if I entered my 
class I w~uld be a ' scab' and this they intended (physically ) to 
prevent. It dawned on me at that moment that one cannot 
escape; even to attend clas es one must keep politically 
Informed. 

I assure you though. I am not here today to preach the merits 
of anyone view. Rather [ would like to give some suggestions. 
based on a few yea rs exper ience. of how to keep your head in 
the recurrent crises. and to reach intelligent conclusion. 

The cardinal rule is this : be a cynic . You will hear a lot of 
wild tales .spread to confuse you. During the last two strikes 
here. for instance. there were constant rumors that the police 
or the ational Guard or the American Legion was about to 
march on the campus. These lies, as well as exaggerated 
accounts of events on other campuses. kept things in a constant 
state of tension. How to find the facts? Consult wide sources. 
Turn on the radio . and not just KPFK or KSDT. Get a 
newspaper . call the Triton Times, etc . The most important 
thing you can do is to remain calm and challenge rumors. 

Happily. the campus is not constantly in crisis. but even 
during truce periods one must be alert. Take the recent 
referendum elec tion. Now the facts there were pretty clear. 
The AS Council (student government) voted down some 
resolutions. The defeated party then appealed to the full 
electorate to overrule the action. The AS President and Vice-
President spent election week urging that voters 'absta in ': the 
proponents urged a 'yes ' vote. The election turnout 131 
percent) was larger than that in last year 's presidential run-
ofr. The results came in , and the three resolutions passed 
easily . The 'yes' votes ranged from 62 percent to 67 percent. 
The results seem clear. but we ha ve been told otherwise. 

The AS President tell s us he is not surprised by the resul ts. 
and that in any case the e lection is meaningless. An opinion 
piece in the last Triton Times tells us that the election wa s 
meaningless and contained no issue. It concludes with an 
appeal for surrea lism or was it art? 

Do these people think that you. Joe Freshmen. are stupid ? 
The answer. denied by them and embarrassing for you , is yes. 
Freshmen have been getting fooled for a long time now (! was 
one of them ) and they see no reason for change now . . Perhaps 
the most sickening sight on this campus for those who va lue the 
meaning of academae' are the tirades on Revelle Plaza . Many 
time I have seen gu ileless freshmen harrangued by graduate 
students until. in an orgasmic relief of energy. they set out on a 
march to 'shut it down ' or 'go on strike' or . liberate the library' 
or something. 

My advice to freshmen is to respect and value your own 
opinion. your own dignity . Do not allow yourself to be trea ted 
like so many cattle in a herd . Do not allow the manipulators to 
use you, by raising the specter of the bogeyman (Reagan . 
Agnew. military-industrial complex. etc. ) 

The ampus will only come to repect our newest class if it 
respect it elr. This you can do by continuing to abstain from 
strikes and 'shutdowns'; and by continuing to ex hibit the worth 
and dignity of your individual, well-informed. opinion at 
election time. 

THE TRITON TIMES WANTS 
TO PUBLISH YOUR LEITER! 

,LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
An Objective 
Triton Times? 
Congratulations on the degree 

of objectivity Triton Times has 
achieved by presenting IJoth 
view points on the "dogs at 
Mesa" problem ( 'IT Nov. 6 and 
TT Nov. 13). ' At first I was 
disturbed tp find that your staff 
writer oversimplified this issue 
in the "Everybody loves dogs. 
Right ? Wrong" manner. I 
myself have decided on this 
issue by choosing between the 
fondness of having pets , 
specifically dogs or cats, on the 
one hand and the health and the 
safety of my child on the other. 
What would you choose if you 
have a child? 

PeterWu 
AMES Grad Student 

e. • .•..• ..... 

CPS 
A dearth of POETS; 
so 
submit! 
Tous 
your poems. 
We print Arts Dept. 

••••••• 

EDITOR'S NOTE: 
The editorial pages of the TRITON TIMES are open to 

the entire University community. If you feel the paper is 
too liberal or too conservative, why not help to try and 
change its direction. If you feel certain issues or 
viewpoints have been ignored or de-emphasized why not 
express them yourself. The TRITON TIMES seeks 
articles expressing the views of individuals and 
organizations, students and faculty, and administration 
and concerned citizens. If you feel your writing ability is 
equal to some of our columnists the opportunity to 
contribute on a regular basis is also open. 
How well we reflect the University can be determined 

only throujth feedback from our readers. You can and 
should criticize or commend any part of the paper through 
letters·to-tbe-editor. 

Opinion 

Health Food 
And Long Life 

James H ervey John on 

(Editor's Note: James Hervey Johnson Is presIdent of the San 
Diego branch of tbe American Natural Hygiene Society. He has 
lived In San Diego since 1903, has conducted many lectures on 
health and other subjects, and is a publisher and writer. This 
article Is the first in a series of articles by Mr. Johnson on rele-
vant health topics.) 

a.tural Hea lth followers have no fear of sickness. heavy 
hospital or doctor bills. They never buy even 10 cents worth of 
medicine. and if they violate the natura l laws of healthy living 
and have a slight sickness, they fo llow the rules they hav~ 
learned and are soon in excellent health again. 

Health is not taken from a boltle or pills, but by the right kind 
of food . exercise, sunshine. fresh air . rest and self control. 

Why do some people live to be 100 and others die in their 30's 
and 50's? It is because those who die young have violated 
natural health laws. which are to a considerable extent known 
and the older people have discovered or naturally followed 
natures laws. wh ich are exactIng. but not difficult for those 
educated in them. 

It is unfortunate that the sellers of a ll kinds of medicines and 
drug are able to conduct a massive campaign to sell their 
products, usually at great profits. and that this massive 
propaganda campa ign o~ershadow~ the tried and proven 

metho~s m. which there IS no profits to car ryon publicity 
campaigns In their favor . 

There is an established organization for the promotion of 
nat.ural health m~thods,TheAmencan Natural Hygiene ocie1.y. 
which has been In operatIOn for a decade. but few have ever 
heard of it. and fewer still knOW the marvelous benefits from 
following the methods u ed. ba d upon actua l human result . 

Hone tJy trying the sy tern for a few months will convince 
those who do it. The relief from . ~ear .Of sickness and senility in 
old a~e IS worth a great deal to ~yglenlst .. for it give peace 
of m!nd. T.hey have no fear of beIng ruined by h avy d ctor or 

hosplt~1 bill s. nor spe~dl~g. weeks or months recovering or 
sufferm.g from the ~ull1plicltY of dl s,:ases which affect a large 
propertlOn of Amenca~s and are costing 67 billion this year . 
. We conduct classes In the Aztec ~nter of Sta te ollege and 
In the Library of the Umverslty of San Diego Thursdays and 
Tuesdays a1.7 p.m., where we study ~atural health. Anyone is 
welcome, Without charge: If the n~tlon adopted our plan . 'the 
enormou co t and suffering from III health could be reduced 
by a drastic amount. 

-

Abortion, Rights 
And Happiness 
Editor : 

Much of Jim Sill ' s 
altitude toward abortion seems 
to be based on a belief in 
abstract ·' right " . and 
"dignity" with which every 
human being is endowed. This 
ca n be seen from hi s 
preoccupation with the 
question , " When does li fe 
begin?" (A t which moment, of 
course, all the dignity and 
rights fly in ). I believe that 
such abstract concepts are 
intellectually unsound and can 
sometimes read to harmful 
resul ts. There is no good reason 
to believe that a man ha s these 
abstract " rights" any more 
than a snail does. What is 
needed is not metaphYSical 
belief. but rather a deep 
concern for the quality (not 
quantity ) of life. something 
which mu st be as much a part 
of us as any of our desires, and 
for which principles and 
platitudes can never substitute. 

Sills is too enamored of his 
peculiar metaphysical- ideology 
to really care about the 
happiness of people and other 
living creatures. That he can 
excuse the misery of millions 
of poor and unwanted children. 
by pointing out that a select 
handful manage to sa1vage a 
good life. more than amply 
demonstrates this . It costs 
relative ly little in pain and 
future potential to kill an 
unwanted and unfearing fetus . 
But it would cost a great dea l 
more to bring up an unwanted 
infant who may wreck hi s 
mother 's life plans, and quite 
possibly not receive the love 
and stimulation that he would 
need in order to grow into a 
warm. happy, intelligent adult. 
But of cour e, Sills is too 
worried about the "dignity" of 
the fetus to be bothered by such 
considera tions (which bear the 
foul odor of expediency ). 

The compari son that Sills 
draws between abortion and 

azi eugenic practice is totally 
uperficial. Hitler made simple 

human happiness subordinate 
to his grandiose and ridiculous 
socio-economic and political 
ideals ;. Sills makes it 
subordinate to his obsolete 
morality . 

Mark McCarty 

Dogs At Mesa 
Jim Conner's "Opinion" on 

Dogs at " Mesa : The Other 
Side" (IT, Nv. 13) contains a 
number of inaccuracies. First 
of all , I have only one dog 
living with me. A week before 
Jim 's "Opinion" appeared the 
other dog he refers to was 
boarded in Escondido, with no 

assistance from the mysterious 
" kennel fund " mentioned in the 
front page story in the 

ovember 10 Triton Times .. As 
for my dog. the only complaint 
I have personally received--of 
ind iscrim ina te unina lion-ow as 
corrected by the construction 
of a fence on my porch. My dog 
does not " roam." and to my 
knowledge has bitten no one. 
As I find it hard to believe thaI 
a bite would not be reported to 
the dog ' owner, I fear Jim 's 
innuendo is an exaggeration , if 
not an outright lie. 

Jim claims that my need for 
a guide dog •. was not among 
(my) earliest justifications" 
for obtaining one. This is false . 
Neither Jim nor any other 
resident of the Mesa 
Apartments ha s questioned me 
about my reasons. The only 
person who has done so is Dean 
Smith, and the letter [ sent him 
clearly mentions my intention 
to train my dog as a guide dog. 

The action recommended by 
Mr. Keating seems outlandish 
at the outset. To prove to the 
world and to itself that the U.S. 
is no "Paper Tiger" by bombing 
the Chinese seems too high a 
price to pay in human lives; it 
hardly seems wise as a tactic if 
respect is what the U.S. desires . 

Secondly, the action does not 
seem consistent with Mr. 
Keating 's own views; he 
deplores the death of five 
million Kulaks in the same 
issue ; are these cases so 
dissimilar? ] think not. 

Finally, to quote Ben Shahn 
(perhaps others ): "You have 
not converted a man because 
you have silenced him. " I think 
Mr. Keating ought to rethink his 
argument if he is to convince us 
that conservatism is a viable 
philosophy. 

Sincerely, 
Mike Morgan 

ow that my privacy has been I Q and I til ' 
destroyed, my family insulled ' " n e Igence 
verba lly ' and in print to a Subject : Heredity. Intell igence 
degree which a t lea st and other Crazies 
approaches both libel and 
slander. and my dog 's life has 
been threatened, I feel a public 
sta tement is necessary : 

I am now, and have been for 
the past sixteen years, legally 
blind. Specifically I have 
progressive macular and 
pigmentary degeneration of the 
retina . I am legally entitled to 
a guide dog , the lack of which 
hampers my current mobility. 
In the near future I will be 
entirely dependent on such a 
dog .. It is a fact that private 
dogs are often trained as 
licensed guide dogs, and as I 
feel it is vitally important to 
ha ve a close rela tionship 
between master and dog I am 
attmepting to raise my own 
puppy. 

In his "Opinion ," Jim 
claims, " Many of us at Mesa 
have repeatedly , publicly 
volunteered our time and 
money to obtain a trained guide 
dog for Mr. Glad." I don 't know 
what he means by " publicly." I 
know no one has spoken to me 
about it. Sadly, [ fear it is a 
sham. If it is not, if Jim is not 
more interested in publicity 
than in humanitarianism. I 
anticipate hearing from him 
immediately concerning any 
money he may be soliciting in 
my name. 

Peace, 
Craig Glad 

Conservatism 
Dear Sir : 

Assuming that Mike Palcic is 
looking for an " irresponsible 
statement" by Karl Keating, 
then he need look no further than 
the page following Mr. 
Keating's "Self Interview" in 
Dimension of Nov. II. 

1. Accept Assumption 
A. Major portion of variation 

in intelligence is due to genetic 
factors . 

B. Inherited portion of 
intelligence is ge notype 
specific in that it comes from 
parents and not a hypothetical 
racial gene pool. Thus. except 
for mutational factors, bright 
parents genotypically have 
bright children genotypically. 
2. If you accept these 
assumptions, you are left with 
a paradox. If data indicating 
that bright black paren ts have 
dumb black kids is true, (low 
I.Q . scores ) where does the 
variation in scores come from ? 
IT HAS TO COME FROM EN-
VIRO MENTAL FACTORS 
IF YOU ACCEPT 
ABOVE ASSUMPTIONS . 
Bright black parents cannot 
hav e genotypically 
(hereditarily ) dumb kids. 
3. If you do not accept above 
assumptions. particularly A. 
the whole Jensen arg ument is ' 
thrown out as this is their 
baseline assumption. 
4. Assumption B has been 
checked ou t wi th three , tha t' 
right. three real Ph. D. type 
geneticists from three 
different places- ergo. it is 
likely to be true. 
5. CONCLU'SIO S: 
I. Q. has 'IIothing to do with 
intelligence. I.Q. te ts in 
general are highly culturally 
determined and their results 
useless outside a particular 
proscribed population. 
Intelligen ce has to be 
measured, if measured at all . 
through culturally based 
measures buil t on specific 
patterns of early experi ence . 

"C~A~L."T~MS I" 

Culture fair tests are by their 
nature ridiculou since they 
leave out cult ural 
b:l ckground s-th us they 
measure nothing. 
WHETHER BLA CK DO 
WORSE OR BETTER 0:\1 I.Q. 
TESTS IS A QUESTIO;\, OF 
TESTS - NOT GENET IC 
I NHERITA NCE OF 
I TELLIGENCE. 

~ichard P. Whitehill , Ph.D. 
Director , Learning kill s 

Program, UC D 

Student Apathy 
On Saturday night Lord 

Dudley Phipp s of King 
Snedley's beer was on campus. 
and his Roll s Royce was 
deliberately smeared with 
paint by.a gang of irresponsible 
students. As campus police in 
the plaza stood by, the car was 
completely covered with 
painted turkeys and obscene 
words. Some bystander joined 
in enthusiastically, but most 
just stood there and watched 
while the militants spread their 
propaganda . 

They apparently were 
prote ling Snedl ey ' s 
"exploitation of young people. " 
Phipps was on campus as a 
gesture of goodwill. giving out 
free beer and Snedley T-shirt . 
This is exploitation? TO. it is 
just another example of a small 
minority of radicals taking 
over an event and ruining it for 
the majority. 

In the e times of trial they 
have cast further doubt on the 
University' ability to police 
itselr. Only effective action on 
the part of re ponsible students 
can redeem UC D in the 
eyes of the taxpaying public. 

O. Barry imons 

Fine the University? 
(Open Letter) 
Dear Mr. Cvar : (Accounting 
Office) 

The University ad· 
ministration 's rationale for 
assessing penalty fees, we 
presume, is to discourage 
students from causing the 
administrative personnel un· 
necessary work and In 
convenience. in appreciation of 
that reason , we have returned 
library books promptly. paid 

fee~ on time, filed enrollment 
cards on the specified day and 
assiduosly avoided taking th 
grade , of Incomplete-or paid, 
sometunes under the threat 
'of losing our student status, the 
[inancial penalty. 

We wonder why this 

arrangement must be 
unilateral. Is it not conceivable 
that the administration of this 
university could cause un· 
necessary inconvenience to the 
students? A case in· 
point : when we signed 
our employment contracts, we 
understood we would be paid on 
the first of the month. The in-
convenience caused by not 
being paid then are many: since 
our budgets are carefully 
planned (especially from July I 
to November I when we receive 
no University aid whatever), it 
is important to have the money 
to buy food and pay the rent of 
the day we have been led to 
expect it ; if we have arranged 
for our checks to be sent on the 
fourth or fifth of the month-if 
there is no money in our ac-
counts , however, we are 
charged three dollars for each 
check that does not have 
"sufficient funds" to cover it. 

In fact, neither of us was paid 
on the first of November. One of 
us received only half of Ills 
salary as late as the sixth with 
promises that the remainder 
would be paid sometime later. 
The other of us, learning on the 
ninth that he would not be paid 
at all in November, was forced 
to apply for an emergency 
advance. 

Therefore, to discourage 
fur ther administrative laxity. 
and to recompense us for great 
inconvenience, we hereby notify 
you that we are assessing your 
office a $5.00 late-payment-of-
salary-fee. Each check should 
be made payable to the un· 
dersigned and mailed to 1034 
Humanities-Library Building. 

Sincerely yours, 
Timothy H. Gunn 

Christopher F. Hayes, 
Teaching Assistants 

Triton Time' November 20, 1970 Pag.9 



.. 

QUEEN lUClEE HAS A COUPLE OF 
BIG ONES! 

And boy is she proud of them ... because they're new from her husband's brewery! 

KING SNEDLEY'S BEER BY THE KEG! 
Yes, the big ones are here ... and what a way to celebrate! Break open a keg of KING 
SNEDLEY'S fo r ... Fra ternity Parties .. . A Polish Wedding ... Return of the Fleet ... 
Departure of the Fleet ... Or just a quiet night at home watching your favorite program 
on the stove! 
KING SNEDLEY'S BEER BY THE KEG is the smart way to buy your favorite beer . .. 
and who knows, maybe QUEEN LUCLEE will drop by with the delivery man! 
P.S. DON'T LOOK FOR THE ROYAL FAMILY ON THE KEG ... THEY'RE BUSY 
ENOUGH ON THE CAN. 

Triton Time. November 20, 1970 

'. 
I ~ 
., 

, ,-

--his Week In (un) 
Football 

Rocky Ho/(on 
Sports Editor 

Its all over but the shouting. and there will be a lot of that 
aturday and Sunday, when the playof[s s~rt. The f.irst g~me 

. !\ayed will be Saturday at 3 p.m., featurmg that incredible 
group of old men, BOl , against a new spangled team called the 
- tumblers. The Stumblers, winners of the White league have 
r:luch to be thankful to two team : the incredible Media 
>faggots, who gave the. Stumblers a gift ~a st Saturday. and the 

.10W much thought of Bla-Chem who gracIOusly concentrated to 
"ive the second place Stumblers a second chance, after the 

~hem boys had already won the title . BO~ running its ~in 
,treak to who knows how long, will be facmg an mterestlng 
hallenge from the rasle -dasle oriented Stumblers. Giving the 
~Olline the weight which it deserves, it should be favored by 8, 
9nd a score of 14-6 would not be surprising. 

Brand X versus DeAnza should be more of a run away, now 
that the Golden boys hymen has been busted , their defense 
should not be as stingy, but taking into consideration the return 
of Simeon, and the offense of Brand X this might not be t~e 
case. In any event, the wholsesome l.iving of De Anza ~hould In 
the end prove successful (their traInmg table techmque and 
their constant companionship should be good for somethmg.) 

Lee Johnson finally got around to putting out the all star 
team some how or another. It should be noted that Lee made 
two ~rious mistakes: first of all he did not include me, in any 
shape or form . Lee how can you ignore your t~p ref, reporte r, 
and definitely quarterback, I'm deeply hurt, In fact I should 
misspell your name on purpose, le j~omsm there. Your second 
mistake was including Mike Klayer m your all star team,. w.orst 
of all making him captain. You don't know ~ow tough It IS to 
live with this guy in the TT, he keeps telling us about hiS 
incredible speed, and his swivel hips. Oh well. . 

The shape of the top 11 ha changed a lot .since we last :-an It 
~ith the Gophers falling and the Dildoes rismg: puttmg aSide Ie 
' homsoms blab. I will now make my I)wn standmgs : 
L . Media Maggots (not rea lly. but its a nice thought) 
2. De Anza 
3. BOI 
4. Scarlet Rodents 
5. Del Mar Degenerates 
6. Stumblers 
7. The Los Angeles Sheep. 

r folk arts 
blues, folk jazz. 

rock on record 

\
,110: pottery . jewelry , 
leather, 

hand mlde clothes 
3153 india 

(corner washington 
Ind indil) 

~ IBOb Davis Camlra STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
. 1717 Fay 459-7355 
I 

Recreation At A Glance 
UCSD RECREATION DAY .... ASMASHING UCCESS! 

Who sa id Friday. the 13th is an unlucky day? Over 30 prIZes 
were given away on Friday, November 0013 at UC.SD's 
Recrea tion Da y! Would you b lieve- 2" Huffy 3-sp ed bikes; 
1 Cla ssic Flattop G~i ta r; tickets to the Rockets and Gu lls 
games; tennis hoes from Tennie Bob's and the neaker Inn , 2 
Jump Suits ; admission to Sea World and Zoo ; Ski Les ns and 
Renta ls; Horseshoes. etc. to name a few . 

The event was attended by approximately 500 interested 
students . faculty and staff with coverage from TV (Channel 8 
Evening News) and several newspapers. 

Each of the clubs displayed their equ ipment and set up 
activities [or partipants to win raffle tickets. Some of these 
activi ties were: pin the tai l on the horse ; assume a yoga 
position. rope tree climb; bike ride on rollers (can't fall off); 
fol k dances ' abalone shell throw ; 50 point dart throw; 2 out of 3 

SIANDINGS 
MUIR W L T 

DeAnza 7 0 
Del Mar Degenerates 6 1 
Argo II 5 2 
Superspuds 4 3 
Downers 3 3 
Horizontal Exercisers 1 .4 1 
Creeping Crud 1 6 Snoids • 0 6 1 REVELLE 
Brand X 7 0 
Dungeeps 6 1 
Potatomen .4 3 
Flagstaffers 3 3 
F.U .B.A.R. 1 6 
Meatiers 0 7 
Yuba City 0 .4 
Orcs IV 2 .4 
RED 
BOI 5 0 
Purple Gophers 5 1 
Panthers 3 1 1 
Mudhens 3 3 
Dissectors 2 3 1 
Rubberband 0 5 1 
Quacks 0 5 1 
WHITE 0 1 Bioi Chern 5 5 1 Stumblers 3 3 Media Maggotts 3 2 1 Grand Canonica l Ensemble 2 3 1 Phoenix Mutual Life 0 .4 2 Phackowii 0 5 1 Turkeys 

pillow fights; bongo board bala nce. j t climb I glide ... : golf 
chipping contest' 

Everyone agreed it was xhausting ... but ~un . For many It 
was rewarding, right Rocky? Many won free dinners. bikes and 
tickets as well as new club activities LO add to their busy 
s hedules ' 

UCSD OPEN TEN IS TOUR AM ENT ENTRY 

TYPE OF TOURNAMENT - Mixed Doubles Only 

DATE . ovember 21 & 22 (Saturday & Sunda y) 
ELIGIBILITY - UCSD Students, Faculty and Staff Recreation 
Card Holder 
FEE _ 50 cent Trophy Fee . Each person bring one can new 
tennis balls 
DIVISION. One Division with Consolation Play 
COURTS 3 -6 2 Revelle Court 
Sponsored By . UCSD Recreation Department . 
Office , UCSD Tennis Club 

Questions - Call Lee Johnson - X-2282 
ALL SNOW CLUB SKIERS 

Intramural 

How would you like to ski tah powder over Thanksgiving? -
or even Utah packed·PPOWDER? 
The UCSD Ski lub has coordinated a trip with San Diego State 
for the occa ion. 
Cost : $84.90 . This includes: Transportation to and from Utah, 
Lodging, Lift Tickets, Trans. to and from slopes (4 days) 
The lift-tickets will be good at Alta Park City and Park City-
West. Lodging at the Little America in Salt Lake City. 
For info contact immediately: 
Don Campbell 453·8865. 
Kirk Newell 453-8865. 
Murray Francey 453-8864 . 

BIKE RlDES 
Sat. Nov. 21 -( 11 :30 A.M.) On this Saturday, Lucy Lia~g will 
lead an easy 15 mile ride to Miramar Dam. It's a good fide for 
both 3-speeds and to-speeds because it's just about all flat. The 
ride will leave from the treet side of the Urey Hall parking lot. 
Sun. ov. 22-(9:00 A.M.) Leaving from rey Hall parking lot. 
there wlll be a 50 mile ride going to Oceanside and back: If you 
think you are interested in going on the Thanksglvmg tnp. then 
you must be able to make this ride first. 

MUIR OUTI 'G CLUB 

NEXT FORMAL MEET! G: 
Thursday. December 3rd . 
3020 .S.B. At8 :00P.M. 

Informal meeting every Thursday at 8:00 at the Coffee Hut 
Nov. 21-22: Leave Friday night and return Sunda :>, for a hike up 
San Jacinto Peak for more impre sive mog views. Fearle s 
leader Larry Meyer (273-7478 1 

BUDWEISER Lud enL p r ice 
l e n da y on) -presents 

JOHN WAYNE 
Plus an outstanding 
cast of stars in ... 

USWING OUT SWEET LAND" 

Duke does his first 
TV special for the 
Ki ng of Beers .... 
and that is special! 

Sunday, Nov. 29 
8:30·10 P.M. EST 
NBC·TV 

Kl G ' IZE 
a ll Mike, 24 H our 

459-9272 or 282-3790 

mens hairstyling 
long hair our specialty 

,,.Di.t ... ts 
I VI i lilli' 

155 - 3000 

R,'30ur<'e!ufl1 r 
p vchololliY. brromil1/{ 
i.. UP .1>hifu30ph,· 

chj/dr~"' book. 
fie'lOlI.portry 
educational. 
joy 

~' PU' . . . {·o rnf' anti 

del •• f "IIZI 
310 f iftllnth street 

tI,1 • ., 

{ .:-.. &. for4'I," 
pO/Jf}rbllcI.. 

nw~o;i'l (l 
l:m_~,prs 
rt·(·ortl. 

ennl 

EARIH.SONG 
BOOK STORE 

1440 Camino del Mar Del Mar 755-4254 

Triton Times November 20, 1970 PagelS 



A New Season at the Mission Playhouse 
lorry Johnson 

Arts Writer 

Caviar and the Mission 
Playhouse are not for everyone. 
While the latter is considerably' 
less E:xpensive than the former, 
it draws from a minority of 
theater goers. Its patrons are 
more sophisticated than most 
theater goers, and have a taste 
for significant theater in an 
intimate atmosphere. The 
Playhouse should be better 
known in the academic com-
munity. 

Currently the Mission 
Playhouse is presenting a 
trilogy of Tennessee Williams 
plays, playing in repertory, 
showing the playwright over a 
wide range of years and ap-
proaches. "A Streetcar Named 
Desire," which opened the 
series, was quite a shocker back 
in the dark ages of the 1950s, and 
it still has a lot to say. It con-
cerns reality and appearance in 
human values, sexual and 
otherwise. "Sweet Bird of 
Youth," which will open in 
December, is another Williams 

Opera Review 

play of psychological depth, as 
is " Kingdom of Earth," now 
playing alternate Friday and 
Saturday nights with 
"Streetcar. " 

"Kingdom" is a very recent 
play, dealing with social, raCial, 
and personal matters of con-
temporary significance. Some 
of Williams ' recent plays have 
not been up to snuff, but here we 
have one which presents his full 
powers of characterization , 
dialogue , and psychological 
insight. Lot, a weakling in all 
senses, is the owner of a 
Mississippi farm which is 
worked by his bastard half-
brother. Their agreement is 
that the half-brother will get the 
farm when Lot dies of TB, 
which looks like it will be any 
minute . Chicken, the half-
brother of racially mixed an-
cestrY' got his name when he 
rode out a flood perched on a 
roof top with the Chickens. As it 
happens, another flood is ex-
pected that night, which scares 
the death out of Lot 's wife 
Myrtle. Lot hates the vigorous 

Chicken, and the feeling is 
mutual . He married Myrtle, a 
slut he picked up a few days 
prior, as an attempt to keep 
Chicken from getting the farm. 
Here we have the elemental 
forces, with all the extraneous 
characters deleted. It is one of 
the best of Williams' plays, 
performed with a fine cast. 

Steve Sande was very 
convincing as the at first 
somewhat sympathetic, but 
progressively more revolting 
Lot. John Sinor gave a forceful 
characterization as Chicken, a 
strong foil to Lot, bringing up 
the deeper levels. Myrtle is, to 
be sure, the whore-wi th.a-heart-
of-gold, but there is more to the 
character than that. She has 
had to fight , and fights now to 
get Chicken to save her from the 
flood . 

Those interested in good 
theater, and interested in a well 
presented insight into one of the 
greatest American playwrights, 
would do well to go to the 
Mission Playhouse, Fridays and 
Saturdays at 8:30. Admission is 
two dollars. 

San Diego Opera Opening-La Traviata 
Lorry Johnson 

Arts Writer 
The San Diego Opera 

Company i not one of the most 
famou s. but it is one of the 
most progressive. In the few 
years of its ex istence--San 
Diego used to get only touring 
companies--the local company 
has established a reputation as 
an innovator. The city has been 
the site of the world premier of 
one opera, and the west coa st 
premier of another. The opera 
company is noted for its 
imaginative staging. providing 
new insight. and for presenting 
new or unusual versions of its 
operas. In order to reach the 
audience to the greatest extent. 
all performances are in 
English. While orne might 
debate the artistic merIt of 
this. it helps communicate and 
gives people one less excuse for 
avoiding the generally well 
done production '. 

The recent produ tion of 
Verdl's " La Tr Iviata" was In 
keeping with h company's 
tradition. The II t concerns a 
courtesan and < young man of 
good lamlly whd fall happily in 
lov . Their love idyl is abruptly 
interrupted w~ erl his lather 
revea Is to her t . t she must 
sacrifice her In to maintain 
the well being o( her lover 's 
family pecifl ally . their 
mesalliance (ndangers the 
marrIage of I sist r Th 
courtesan agr c , With great 
sulf ring . but h r lover 
m i understands. After greCi t 
h art·break and rmsad\'enture 
th yare reunited just as she 
du.'s of consumption Corn. o! 
course. Ninet cnth Century 
corn Italian ('orn at that Bu't 
Verdi musIc h reo vocally and 
In the orche tra . I among th 
world ' most beautIful Slmpl 

Page 12 Triton Times 

plots are generally better than 
subtle ones in opera . for they 
a Ilow the expression of musiea I 
ubtlety and feeling directly in 

a language of beauty and 
emotion. That is what opera is 
all about. and Verdi's gen ius 
has made " La Traviata"one of 
the world 's most beloved 
musical exper iences. 
Seymour Schwartzman - Best 

Performance 
Gilda Cruz-Romo as Violetta . 

the courtesan, di played a 
lovely voice . She is a 
developing soprano who will 
doubtless go on to greater 
triumphs. Her voice needs 
cons iderable tec hn ical 
improv ment. but its basic 
quality is very pleasing . As an 
actress she has vigor and some 
insight. though she tended to 
over-act from point to point. 
and didn 't quite ha ve the 
fragile qualtiy of Violella . 
Again . she ha the material for 
needed improvement and will 
certainly go for.vard. William 
Blanken hip as Alfredo . 
Violetta 's lover. has a good 
vOice in some regi ters , and he 
certainly looked the part. 

nfortunatel y. his vocal 
qualtlY got badly out of control 
orudi", S. To m~kf' mall rs 

worse he was a ra ther stiff 
actor . For my money the best 
p rformance 'was by Seymour 
Schwartzman a the elder 
Germont. Alfredo 's fath r. Ili 
strong baritone had good 
expression and voca l qualliy . 
which he us d with very good 
Interpretation . As an actor h 
had just about th nght 
balance 

Th ets wer well done : 
appealing to the ev . they 
added to the le t of the op ra 
evok d the pinr of the secn . 
and wen' functional without 
g lltng In the way. Th 

November 20, 1970 

costume were colorfully 
flamboya nt. a must for this 
piece. They were very we ll 
done for the most part, though I 
must say some of the color 
tones did not really go well 
wi th Miss Cruz-Romo's skin 
tone . 
Gaiety and Tragedy Contrasted 

During the prelude. a 
pantomine beh ind the skrim 
brought ou t the mood a nd color 
of th e opera . a very 
imaginative touch as is usual 
with director William Adams. 
In general, the staging was at 
least adequate and often very 
insightful. Throughout the 
production the proper ba lance 
of gaiety and tragedy was well 
kept in attractive contrast. For 
instance, as Violetta dies , orne 
dancers dance by in the 
background . rving to recall 
what was and might hav been. 

Later thi yea r. " Madam 
Butterfly" will be pre ented by 
the company. One of the world ' 
faVOrIte opera s, it is 'of 
con iderable modern interest. 
and if pa t performances are 
any guide. it will be done with 
zest. Student di scounts h Ip 
relieve the strain. as always. 

One way to make an evening 
at the Civic Theater more 
enjoyable is to top in acro s 
the stre t al McDini 's Irish 
coff ee a nd corned beef 
andwieh restaurant. which is 

becoming quite popular with 
th in-crOWd . Th y serve a very 
fin Irish coffe in an I rish pub 
setti ng , with a genuin colleen 
of th auld sod to serve it to 
you It's sure to warm the 
cockles of your heart and get 
you loose for an even ing of good 
opera t symphony. or what have 
yoU) Since you 'v already 
parked our car. it's on ly 
across th str t to your 
evening 's th at r. 

Lately-turned on Marine Jeff Gage jokes witb Customs Agent and nervous smuggler friends. 

Movie Rt.view 

A Decent Movie, By God: Captain Milkshake 
Joy Gillette 
Arts Writer 

By now, any movie that even remotely stinks 
of being "A Powerful Statement of the NOW 
Generation" has two strikes against it in my 
book. After "Easy Rider," "Zabriskie Point," 
"Strawberry Statement," "Getting Straight," 
"Move," and "Joe ," there would seem to be only 
one direction that a "now" movie could go-from 
bad to worse. But I am happy to report that, after 
overcoming my cynicism, Richard Crawford's 
"Captain Milkshake" has shown that a film by, 
for, and about young people can, by God, be 
decent. 

It is a San Diego film, which is to say a truly 
American film, because San Diego is (forgive 
the word) quintessentially American. The story 
is nicely simple: a young Marine has two weeks 
leave from Vietnam. Returning home to Pacific 
Beach, he meets a young hip girl, who turns him 
on to marijuana and the counter-<:ultw-al life 
style. Because the story is so simple, it is ripe for 
simplistic cinematic interpretation. Happily 
Crawford avoids the simple, the expected, and 
the mundane. It could have been " boy meets 
girl, boy tw-ns on, boy loses girl, boy recovers 
girl, and they live happily ever after." Instead, 
"Captain Milkshake" uses the Indochina War, 
which overshadows all young people, as a back-
drop for the couple's hurried but not desperate 
love affair. 

Crawford intertwines war zone scenes in livid 
color with San Diego scenes in one-<:olor tints (a 
la "A Man and a Woman"). He adds flashes of 
light-show style visual effects of honestly inde-
scribable beauty that embellish the scenes they 
support. One in particular sticks in my mind : 
during a battle scene the screen flashes to an ink-
stain visual effect, whose movement is syn-
chronized with explosions on the sound track. 
The ink colors develop into red, white and blue~ 

These techniques are nothing new, but avoidJng 
their use as gimmicks is. This is perhaps the 
most important thing about "Captain MiIk-
shake"-it is a beautiful visual movie, a movie 
that is pleasurable to watch. 

That such a film was made in San Diego is 110 
surprise, since this area is so remarkably photo-
genic. There are scenes of Pacific Coast High-
way, Crystal Pier, Balboa Park, Vaeatim 
Village, Girard Avenue, La Jolla Cove, and to 
my great amazement, the house next door to 
mine near Windansea Beach. The script itself 
was written in the basement of the Hwnanities 
Library by Crawford and Barry Leichtling, a 
grad student in the UCSD literature department. 

But the development of "Captain Milkshake" 
is also well done, featuring a most believable 
group of freaks-the Anchovie family of La 
Jolla, who play themselves in the film. Andrea 
Cagen portrays The Girl, and Jeff Gage is an 
excellent confused but dignified Marine. The 
film 's funniest scene occurs when the Anchovie 
vehicle-a transformed milk-truck which says 
"God bless everyone" on the sides-is stopped 
"on suspicion" at the International Boundary by 
the Border Patrol narcs. The spare tire, unbe-
knownst to Gage, is stuffed with marijuana, and 
while being hassled by guards, Gage jokes, "The 
LSD is in the radiator and the grass is in the gas 
tank." The attempts of Andrea Cagen and the 
other freaks to hide their consternation in the 
presence of the officers are classically hilarious. 

Crawford's movie, though veering danger-
ously close, is the first "now" film to avoid a cop-
out ending. And finally, "Captain Milkshake" is 
a decent, honest portrayal of the time, a film 
about young people that doesn't just tell teeny-
boppers what they want to hear. Rather, it is a 
clean view of the violence, confusion, poignancy, 
and love that involve today's draft-age young. 
We need more like it. 

Free Afternoon 
Concert Monday 

Terry Borak 
Arts Editor 

Sugarcane Harris and bis Blues Band will perform at a f 
afternoon concert on tbe lawn behind the Humanities 
Building on Monday, November 23, from I to 2:30. The event 
being sponsored by the Association For the Preservation 
American Music in conjunction with the A UCSD Pr,nl"·"ml. 
Board. 

This is probably the only chance the UCSD community 
have to see Sugercane Harris for free , as he is soon 
become a well-known and well-received blues musician. 
is currently known for his outstanding blues violin nlaVUII'--" . 
novelty unto itself-on Jobn Mayall's newest album, 
Union" on Polydor Records. His exciting and different 
instrumentation is the higblight of the Mayall album. 

Sugercane's own album on Epic Records was just 
last week-and we can soon expect to be hearing more 
him and about him. In addition to his virtuoso electric violin 
solos, Sugercane is an accomplisbed blues vocalist. 

Chris Gregory, speaking for the Association for 
Preservation of American Music, explains tbe group's goal : 
"The aim is to present more free music here at UCSD. We're 
hoping that this will be just a start-if people really respond to 
this concert, we'll be ahle to do it " 

" Boy," a Japanese film about a ten year-old child who is 
taught by his parents to make money for them by running into 
moving cars so tbat they can demand money from the innocent 
motorists, is playing tomorrow through Tuesday at the 
Unicorn. 

things & things 
antiquated and otherwise 

1231 prospec t stre et I, jolla 
454 -1000 

nnounc-em ent 

wanaN STAtI UNIVIUITY 

COLLEGE OF LAW 
.nnou"c •• 

tho .t.rt .f n.w cI ..... 
at its c.""u. in 

sa •• IIM 
.. ew IIcce,tl .. , ... e .. II .. " we ... e'! 
whe he.,e II ... 1 .. 1 ... " .... f either: 

• 1_ ...... ...... ..... 
....... tieI, .. _ 

• _IS 0.4 ............. r.t.IIoctottI 
-., ... .....-.. -
( ............. " .. t~ 

TM l Li. 4 ..... , .. 1M _ 10 4.-.. of ,..,._ ...... " .,--_ ....... ...... _, ..... 
IN.OLL NOW .0. 

.... UAIY .th CLAIIIS ( ..... .,.114 Ift";_, ( ..... ., 
wlto Of ,.... let • __ ......... 

'relit lilt! "(" St,...h 
(.,,..Ite tltt L •• U",.ry) 

SIIIDI ... 
232-6506 

.. 

POSSIBILITIES I 
Folk Music With Hinton 
This Saturday Night 

Folk-singer Sam Hinton will 
give a concert of songs ranging 
"From the Pilgrims to the 
Present" at 8:00 p.m., Satur-
day, November 21, in the Cluster 
Library on the Revelle campus 
of the University of california, 
San Diego. 

Hinton, who is Associate 
Director of the Office of 
Relations with Schools at UCSD 
and a nationally known folk 
singer, will present what he 
calls " the acculturation of 
folksongs." The concert is free 
and open to the public. 

According to Hinton, changes 
in folksongs relate to changes in 
culture; the differences bet-
ween the American and English 
versions of a song show the 
differences in the cultw-es of the 
countries. 

"There are. obvious changes 
in the language ," Hinton said. 
" More familiar words are 
substituted for strange ones or 
more common words for high-
falutin terms. In the English 
version of a song a horse may be 
a 'milk-white steed' while the 
American version calls it 'my 
buckskin bronc'." 

Hinton said the shift in a point 
of view may also be shown in 
the changes in a folksong. The 
pioneer, alone in the American 
wilderness, related to his deity 
in a distinctly individual way. 
Frontier life eliminated the 
church as a buffer between the 
deity and man and, because of 
this, frontier songs are more 
direct and personal. 

Another example of the shift 
in a point of view is the outward 
expresssion of what is con-

side red immoral. The 
American puritan ethic led to 
changes in many songs, Hinton 
said. For example, the English 
version of a song may celebrate 
the joys of love while the 
American version punishes and 
separates the lovers. 

"Of course," Hinton pointed 
out, "Y sing folksongs my way 
and some changes will reflect 
my personality." 

The concert is the first in a 
series of events planned and 
sponsored by the Cluster 
Library and being offered as 
part of the library'S policy of 
providing a variety of materials 
to support learning in addition 
to the regular support of the 
curriculum. 
Mllrin Ex"i"it at Fine 
Arts Gllllery 

A major exhibition of works , 
by one of America's most im-
portant and most famous 20th 
Century artists will go on 
exhibit at the Fine Arts Gallery 
of San Diego, Balboa Park, 
November 25. This exhibition 
comprised of 150 oils , water-
colors, drawings and etchings 
by John Marin continues 
through January 3, 1971. It was 
organized as a memorial exhi-
bition by the Los Angeles 
County Musewn to commemo-
rate the l00th anniversary of the 
artist's birth. 

According to Kenneth Dona-
hue, Director of the Los Angeles 
County Musewn, the exhibition 
shows the complete range of 
Marin 's production , " John 
Marin was ahead of his time as 
a pioneer of American painting. 
His work exemplifies much of 
that great American spirit of 
independence . 

WHO CAUSES PREGNANCY? 
It takes two to tango. Men mq,t share the responsibility for pre-
venting unwanted pregll"r' ~l' After all , it's your future (and the 
future of someone close to you) that's at stake. We've made it 
easy for you to do your part. Now you can get condoms-nationally 
known and imported European brands-by ma i I from a new non-
profit family planning agency. No questions asked. So get with it. 
Write now for full details without obligation. (We also have books 
on birth control.) 

··~~·~~~ii~i~~:E~Jii~·~~~5····~··~~~·~~I "~·;;;: ·~·.··~~"~~~~·~··"··"""··"···"i:::::. 
Gentlemen : PleAle send me full det.ils without obligation : 
Name _______________ _ 

~~ ! 
City State Zip 1 

................................................................ .................................................. ............... 

OPERATION SURVIVAL 
WHAT JOB?-PART FOUR 

Electrical energy, cheap at a penny or so per kilowatt , has a 
great and untiring capacity to do work. One kilowatt will do the 
work of 26 strong, healthy individuals! Be sides, kilowatts don ' t 
go on strike, and they present no personality problems. So. 
naturally , industry is using more and more of them. 

Two things result from the use of machine power : Manhours , 
which translate into paychecks, are being displaced by 
kilowatts and horsepower. At the same time, this power 
increases ability to produce things . 

The result is a growing abundance amidst rising 
unemployment on this Continent. Now President Nixon' NO. 1 
Nightmare! 

THIS TREND IS UN I-DIRE CTIO AL A D 
IRREVERSIBLE I It cannot be stopped, and it cannot be made 
to turn around and go the other wa y--short of rna s annihilation 
of most of the population of this Continent. 

Stupid political attempts to .. sweep technology under the 
carpet" or " just ignore it and maybe it will go away" 
(including the mass destruction of Ameri a's man-power in 3 
foreign war since 1940; current attempts to re tri ct and limit 
mechanized production of crop . good and servic l---are 
actuall y A LERATI G TE H OLOGICAL 
EFFI IE y , a Industry i faced with increa cd n cess ity to 
find cheap rand mor Hici nt ways to produce. 

Current drives by Organized Labor for shorter work-weeks 
and a Guarant ed Annual Wage, will comp I mor and more 
r placement of more and more workers (in luding Blue and 
White collar worker ) by machines and technology. 

WHERE DOES TIllS LEAVE Y ? Fa to-fae with 
OPERATI N RIVAL, P. O. Box 2019. La Jolla . a. 92037. 

Next Week : THAT " MI I G HAPTER" I YO R 
HI TORY B K I 

Eric Clapton with his new group DEREK & THE DOMI 'OS, 
pictured above, will appear in casual concerl Sunday, 
November 22,8:00 p.m. at Cal-Western Golden Gym. lapton, 
former lead guitar in Cream, has a current top-selling single, 
"After Midnight. " Appearing with DEREK & THE DOMINOS 
will be a new rock group from England, TOE FAT. 
Marin was born in 1870 and by major exhibition to help defray 

1910 had developed into a fine costs: $1.00 for adults and 50¢ 
landscape and cityscape for students 16 years and older. 
painter. By the end of the 1920's Members of the Fine Arts 
he was recognized as the most Society and military personnel 
distinguished watercolor artist with proper identification will 
in the country. As he developed be admitted free . 
his own style outside the major 
trends , Marin began to antici-
pate many of the techniques of 
more contemporary art, includ-
ing abstract expressionism, so 
popular after 1950. He invented 
a style, crisp and elliptic yet 
also dyn amic and colorful , 
suggesting sea, rocks and ships. 

The artist, who died in 1953, 
has been called an "artist of a 
restless society." Its energy is 
reflected in the spirit of his 
works. A large number of the 
works will be seen for the first 
time by the public. A compre-
hensive catalogue by Larry 
Curry, Curator of American Art 
at the Los Angeles County 
Museum, accompanies the 
exhibition. 

There will be a charge to this 

Duke Ellington-
A Recital in Service 

When Duke Ellington ap-
peared with his sacred jazz at 
St. John the Divine in New York 
City, 7,500 people were in at-
tendance . Duke Ellington 
brings the same Sacred Jazz 
Concert with his full orchestra 
to the First United Methodist 
Church of San Diego at 8 p.m. on 
November 22. This concert is 
sponsored by the Ecwnenical 
Conference, an organization 
made up of Catholic, Prote-
stants and Jews, and the First 
United Methodist Church. When 
Duke Ellington appeared here 
two years ago, there was a 
standing-room~nly crowd. 

Frederick's 
Ski Shop 

Come in and see all our new 
ski fashions and equipment 

hrs_ 1 0-8 M-F 
10-6 Sat. 
11-5 Sun. 7730 Fay La Jolla 454-1410 

Christmas and Spring Charter Flights To 

New York and Europe 
"Don'l be misled by lower prim, investigote first ! Fly wi)h our relioble 
(harter group. Know Ihe fOilS on your charier carrier before you sIgn your 
applicalian. Don't take a chance with an unknown charier olrline." 

Christmas 1970 
#612 Oakland·New York (J FK) 1.1. D.c, I.-Jan 2(via Ut) 

(including tax) 1139" 
#615 Oakland-Los Angeles·Amsterdam (r.l .) D.c. I'-Jan. 2 (via T.l.A.) 

including lax '25'" 
#858 Oakland-Landen (r.l.) Dec. 19-Jan. 3 (via T.I .A.) 
Ski Holiday in Innsbruck, Austria Dec. 19-Jan. 4 including tu '24'" 
(Pric. includes round trip flight , all Ii/Is, hotels, breokfost fo r 14 days) 

#734 

#116 

Spring (one way only) Flights '499" 
Ookland-U.- Amslerdam Fell. 4, 1971 (via T.I.A .) 

includ ing tax '13'" 
Oakland-London March 20, 1.71 (via T.l.A.) 

including tax ' 13'" 
All If •• 1s art .,en I. st"~"'f5, .""I.,ees, st.H .n feelll" .f 
til. Ullirersity ., C.';'.rn;' a,,~ tfreir i",,,,~ial. I.",i'ies. 
for application & further information write: 
Cal-Jet Charters or call (orea code 415) 
2150 Green Street 922-1434 
Son Francisco, (A 94123 (oller six and weekends) 
pecial:Univenity of California l:harter Flight to 

Australia and New Zealand with stop in 
Tahiti set for summer 1971 (wrile for full 

details now! ) 
Inter-European Student Charters Available Through CAl JET 

Summer 1970 Europe 5 chedule 

Triton Times November 20, 1970 P09·13 



Page 10 

CAN THE HONDA CAR 
GET YOU 

TO THE VIRGINS? 
By itself, no. 
But, if you'll take the time to come 

in, look and maybe even test drive the 
Honda Car, possibly yes. 

Because everyone who comes in to a 
participating dealer in California or Oregon 
gets an opportunity to enter our contest. 

The contest runs November 1 through 
December 1. And on December 15, we'll 
draw 3 names from the entries and send 
the winners (plus the partner of their 
choice} on a wild, ten-day trip. 

To see the Virgins. 
Or the Aleutians, or the Cyclades, or 

the Lesser Antilles, or the Fijis or the East or 
West Indies. Or to any island, anywhere, 
that tickles your fancy. 

Whatever that is. 
THE TEST DRIYE. 

If you insist on buying it, we'll 
sell it to you for a price that's even more 
attractive than the features. 

THE FREE SUN GOGGLEI. 
Test the Honda Car. 
Then tell us about it. 
The pros and cons. 
And we'll give you a pair of the latest 

style Foster-Grant Sun Goggles. 
Great driving goggles. 
Great skiing goggles. 
Great ogling goggles. 
Free. 
Put the Honda to the test. Get a free 

pair of Foster-Grants. 
All (W1"on', onlonng AmerIcan HO/lda', 1~land Sweepstake. must POisess. valid driver S hCMS(I 
and mU'it be a rf'$,denl 01 Cal IOrma or Ort"oon No putcMSe or I I drive IS reQU red 10 enter 
Al'1t*hrrl! In me ..",OIIQ mpan, IItn '!ill"d o;e""',ced by • SCheduled '11 camer .nd where YOY'" 

be ~rm,"ed by law Sfoc complelt" rWcs aViiutable I' eaCh pathclpahng dealer Conlc'Sl .nd 
sun q gle offer f'f1d (Hocem[)(!r 1 1910 VOid 10\ here pro",b.led by lal\' Al;tomoblle lpeeillcilions 
o;Ubtt'cl If) Chl"OO W,IM,. AI"lltC~ COrYfoghl 1970 American Honda Mnlor Co II\C 

with the salesman belting 30-year-old jokes at you 
Fbrget that sitting-as-a-passenger stuff (~ 

while he does the driving. 
Take the wheel yourself and really put the , . 

Honda to the test. 
Sample the self-adjusting disc brakes. 
Snap your way through the four-speed 

transmission. 
Cruise-at 65 mph-without ever extending 

the air-cooled, 4-stroke overhead cam engine. 
Check the flow-through ventilation. 

Notice the comfort 
of the vinyl bucket seats 
and head rests. 

Park it anywhere. 
Anywhere. 

Then bring it 
back to us. 

TEST DRIYE THE HONDA CAR. 

Triton Time. 

LA MESA 
Tipton Oldsmobile 
7950 University Ave. 
714/466-4113 

November 20, 1970 

NATIONAL CITY 
Ball Oldsmobile 
1935 National Avenue 
714/474-6431 

SAN DIEGO 
Honda of San Diego 
1401 Kettner Blvd. 
714/239-3801 

SAN DIEGO 
PaCific Honda 
1277 Garnet Avenue 
714/272-5511 

t 
. Quad: dusk 

: :. ~ .. , 

by Fronk Longer 
Alweys 

.. riI. eIr"",... ,. 
. . ... _ ~ ... I 

,.. .e. sells ".,." ,.. ti",.lter .1 Holes 
.. " •• "'s 

., ,NtI dlltl,.. " •• "i .... ,,_ s" .. I •• 1 ,flSS 
_ sltetlows fleet .. , Ire .. 
... Ir •• f s'" • .. tI NIl..., • • f ... ".", .... w.lls 

.. weld.s 
. <0;: , • _ " ••• "" ., ~ , •• HW., i. ".nn.:.z:"!:~~e1;~3~~ •• -.;:~~ w".. .... 

"""'tI .. , • • 1 ,.. sem .. 
"., "., .. " III ,.. •• yM 

.-

.d ,.. sli. Ii" w._ ill rilei, ,,'c"-ess.tI ,,"'5 
,.55 ""'1. wertl. ,. tile or tI ... , ."tI ",,,,. 

,Ie.' 
...111 riI" ",.." ",i., 
II.wers .. tile ,.1. Nn.H II., s/." .".re riI, •• i"'-s/.,,, tI, .... Ii""'" Mel 

.. .::. 

- ~ .. 

. . 

. .. - : 
... .. 

.. .. -

'. 
.' . 

.. 

. .. .. . 

--

" '.'; . .. 
• f ' .. 

-

. , 

'. ' .,. , ... -. -... 

.. .-:'" ' .' '"1 ~" .. . 

, ~ .~.~~ . :~f. ~ ;':~'~i::' '-~. 
.~. ' : ;~~.~~ :-- . ~. 
. . ... -;- .. 
; .- ' ' .' !, ~ , : .... ' • ..., ... 

rile, •• ,,~ "Yer 
Sei", Gee". s/.,s wi,,, "is lil.-/"I/tl midwil. ,.,s, .s 
riI. luH,. twili,,,, II.,.s 
wiril ,"" •• ~ "re riI,,,I/," ,h. G.tI-w.,ch" ,nd, .IId II.W 

~ISIr 
• ""mes fe, rII. Sli.," ""''', 

_tI 'er" i. tile lie" 

.. ........ ... ~ 

. . _ SUts'i •• 1,.1,1 .. tile Ii,i., IN, '0 li,II,. . 
. Mo .. Hfs s,.,. rII. s"i, s •• 's tI •• lrill" ."" m.,.".tI ~~. 
. Sei., Gee". SNS ",. I.nrs' _ . ~. _ ... .l 

"eis. 
"Ioss'/II 

fe, rII, un ~,., •• ~,,.d, 
riI. ~,.", .f tile 'ill" 

c.res, 
.." rII. " •• tI .,lrs .1/' i. rIt. cIII .1t.,IIOOII 

"". to rII. II •• wer/d .Hill, 
,.,.rII.,. 

Triton Time. 

'. ,', 

':. ~, 

' -

'-

.. . ' 

-" 

.-

.,:. -

.' 

.. . 

...... . . 

.'. . ., ... 
...... .. " 

-,. .... _.. . . ....... -

. .--
- . ', 4. " • 

~" .. ,.. . -. 

: 

' .. p .. ' 
.' ,.. . ~ -. : .... . . . ~ , .~ 

.', ... 

. '.. ,:.. ~ ";. --: : ........ ~' .. 
, .-

November 20, 1970 Page 11 



FRIDAY, November 20 
LECTURES-3 p.m" [nformal 
Lounge . Revell e ommon : 
Philo so ph y Co lloquim . 
G:orgion Ton('lIi . "The ·WI':. kn(" '· 
of Reaso n in the Age of 
Enlightment. " 
ART EXHIBITS - UCSD 
GALLERY, " Power Throne." by 
Robert ewman . Gallery 
hours-I 1-4 p.m. Closed Monday 

La Jolla Mu eum of Art-"Three 
From Washington State." exhibit 
by two sculptors and a pai nter. 
MOVIES -Frida y N I te 
Flicks-7:30 p.m .. USB 2722. "The 
Ipcress File ." " Mickey One." and 
Keystone Kops. 

Unicorn-" The Man Who Li s." 
directed by Ala in Robbe-Grillet. 
1968. For more info ca ll 454-7373 or 
459-4343 

Roxy-" Rider on the Rain ." and 
"Soldier Blue " 7 p.m . 60 cents. 
for more info (',,11 488-3303. 
MUSIC-Civic Theater. San Diego 
Svmphony in a ll orche tra 
program 8:30 p.m for more Info 
ca ll 235-6510. 
SPORTS-8 p.m .. Sports Arena. 
basketball. San Diego vs Seattle. 
TRICYCLE RACE-3 p.m .. Plaza. 
sponsored by Alpha Sigma Phi. 
Entry fee i 50 cents and fir I prize 
i an 80 Han en Kneeboard 
Conte tant are urged to bring 
their own tricycle . but a limited 
number of trike will be provided . 
direct. front wheel drive. IS" limit 
on front wheel 

Friday and Saturdav 

9p.m 

HE BARREL HO 
BAND 

SATURDAY, 
November 21 

MEETI G-noon. Coffee Hut: 
A CSDCounC'i1. 
MOVIES-Um"orn-"Bol'. " 
directed by Nagisa 0 hlma in 1969. 
For more info call 459-4343 or 454-
7373. 
MUSIC-S pm .. Cluster Library: 
Folk inger Sam Hinton In conC' rl. 
Free and open to th publi C' 

8:30 p.m . gym . Boz caggs 
concert. 50 cents. 

8 pm . Ivic Theater : Los 
Angele Philharmonic Orche. tra 
with Zubin Mehta conducting For 
more info ca1l23~6510 
SPORTS-II ~ m . UCSD occer 
field : Varsity soccer v . College 
SPECIAL-II '30 - 2 pm .. Muir 
dorm area . Muir College " Flea 
:'.hrk('1 MOVIE-2 [l m llmC'orn 
Thpil tl'r 'Bill Ik . , In [ndl:,n mOl 1(' 
II Ih F.ngli. h ' ubtl tle'. alu lUt " hilI' 
who I, heln 'n'led I I' an d e[l" Int 
Il h n human- la ll 10 gil !' him 'he 

Irl pnd,hl[l he n('('d- .'1 n 
S"on or!'1\ bl" he [nd:a Film lu" 
ART EXHIBITS-check under 
Friday's listings. 

SUNDA Y, November 22 
MOVIE-2 p.m., Unicorn Tbeater, 
" 8alak," an Indian movie with 
English subtitles, about a boy who 
i befriended by an elephant when 
humans fail to give him the 
friendship be need . $1.75. Son ored 
by the India Film Club. 
MUSIC-8 p.m .. Cal Western G.vm. 
Derek (Eric Clapton I and the 
Domino . 
SPORTS- skip this one 
SPORTS-7 p.m .. Sport Arena : 
hockey. San Diego vs. Salt Lake 
City. 
TV-9 p.m .. Channel 15. Repeat of 
We dne day' "Ci vilization " 
program A television set is 
ava ilable for viewing this program 
in the Humanities Annex , HL 
Building. 

MONDA Y, November 23 
LECTURES- DISCUSSIONS-4 
pm .. Room 2100 of the Clu leI' 
Library . Richard Attiyeh will lead 
a di cu s To n on Facultv 
Government - Privilege and 
Tenure. Interested student are 
asked to ign up in the library. 

4 p.m.. SB 4030A : Profes or 
Hugo Kuhn. " Literature. Love. and 

ociet~· In the Middle Ages : The 
Role of the Courtlv Ladv .. 

7' 30 pm .. Conference Room A: 
Michael Di nl. profe sor of law 
at SD. will talk to members of the 
Pre-Law lub 

7:30 p.m.. USB- 2722 : Legal 
Seminar : The Pourth Amendment : 
Sea rch and Seizure a it applies to 
ludents. All student invited . 

Spon ored bv the AS 
MUSIC-I-2': 30 p.m . behind the HL 
Library on the grass. Sugar ane 
Harris and his Blue Band 
PORTS-4 pm.. at the pool : 

m n's intercollegiate swi mming 
practice tarts 
MEETI G-7:30 p.m., Language 
Lounge ; Torah Study Group 

\men l,n "toC i(' II' \1('1 'lt r 
" I'lirn I' Pegg\' Por' er \\ il l ~[l<'ak 
on Ihe nrw C.oliform I dil "rce I,I\, 
:'.[ nand woml'n inl' l'cd . 

R [l .m HL \ 1 D Israpl : ~ turlrnl s 
in outhr rn C'ol iforn :J \\'!II hilid a 
[l:,nel d : '(' u s~Ion on 'he Pa lestin:nn 
qur. tion Th('\' 11' :11 ofl('r thr ir 

;o n :oIysl~ and \ ' iew~ of Ihr ('urrr nt 
st' uatiun S[lun~or('rI hv Ih(' J ew!,h 
S'udenl 'SSO{ :;l tion . 

R [l .m HL 12% . .Jr·,\'i~h I c tul'rrs 
l10rdin 1nd uh'un. ' ~atll,"a l 
Llher;,I :on in \[ide,," 

Po [l m . I 'SB 2622 Inrll on 
~[l('. lker' 

MlJSIC-7 and 10 p.m.. " Back 
Door" at San Diego State Aztec 
Center : Mason Proffit. Tickets 
. 1.85. at Aztec Ticket Office 

MEETI GS-6 p.m., 2 -1110 : 
Surfing Club. 

4 p.m . soccer field : Soccer Cl ub. 
4 :30 p.m.. R velie Informal 

Lounge : Chri tian Science 
Organization. 

7 30 p.m .. Matthews dorms: 
Third College Rap Sessions. 

Po [l m 2,1.-2"11 . B Igpl[ll' Band 

...-. u v-v. u u uw ....... uu ..... 

Dec6 
DIEGO STATE 

._ftftftft·~ 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

FROM THE FI A CIAL AID 
FFICE: Checks for th Winter 
uarter will b ready December 7. 

a m. to 5 p.m.. Monday thru 
Frida.v 

Loa n checks will he issued bv the FROM THE ITER ATIO AL 
Loa n Office. Bldg. 204MC : all other EDUCATIO OFFICE : 
hecks will be avai lable at the The deadline for applica nts to 

Accounting Office. 301MC. thi yea r's Education Abroad 
The Financia l Aids Office wi. hes programs in Mexico City and in 

to advi e all students receivi ng aid Pari is bei ng extended for an 
that renewa l appl ica tions for the additional 15 day . to D cember 1. 
1971-72 academic yea r will be in the 1970. 
mai l by November 30 Sinee Students who may wish to apply 
add resses are not always orrer!. or who desire further information 
tudent failing to receive this about this program should contact 

material by December 5 hould the International Education Office 
come Into the Financial Aids in250MC. 
Office . 250M . and obtai n the COMM U ITY RELATIONS-
neces ary forms. J ewish students have b n asked 

Dean Dryer empha 'ized the to speak on their campus life ant! 
importance of observi ng all problem as J ews at the niversi ty 
deadlines: J anuarv 15 for all for a ommun ity Synagogue. The 

TUESDA Y, scholarship appl ira iions. March 15 date for the di scussion will be 
November 24 for application for all oth r forms December 8 at the Scripps 

of financial as istam'e. Miramar Ra nch. In te rested 
LECTURES- DIS USSIONS-3 :30 S'll'lenl - claiming " independent stud nts please contact Alvi n 
pm .. HL A D' meeting of th San sta tus" to qualify for financial aid Schnurr at 453-5844. 
Diego Division of the Academic hould req uest appropri ate THE CRISIS 
Senate verif ication forms. Scholarship CENTER-desparately needs 

5 p.m . Pormal Lou nge. Revelle applications now require Specia l vol unteers to provide emergency 
ommons: History olloqu im : Dr. Reference Forms and these too ran transporta tion The center i" 

Marysa Geras i Dartmouth be obtained at the Financial Aids located at 30th and Imperial in San 
College. "Revolutionary Trends in Offi e. Please note new hours 9 Diego. phone 239-9325. 
Latin America ," f!!!!!~~~~~~~~~~:;'~~~~~!:l!~~~;;~1 

7:30p.m .. Mural Room of lheLa ROLLER SKATING I Jolla Federal Savings and Loan . 
Assoc .. 791 1 Herschel St. . National ~_ • 
Organizatton for Women meeting. 
'\ () \\ a ( Ivi l rlghl s 
Ilrg tn l',ol!on \\'ork lng III I' (,IJ U 01 
pd rt iClfl, '1on of women In Ihe 
rights ,nd respfl n.· II1 I' jI ie ... o( 

- HOURS -
7:30-10 Tue-Sat 

1:30-4 Sat. Mat. 
2:00-8 Sunday 

Group Rates 
Private Parties 

TRI-CITY ROLLER RINK 
212 S. CEDROS ° SOLANA BEACHo755-.U58 

Join The Wet Set 
NEW ENGLAND DIVERS S'op Inllation Anti Help Your Brotllers 

San Diego's Largest 
Inventory of 

Underwater Equipment 

Discounts from 
20-50% 

Scuba Instructions 

Rentals 

NEW ENGLAND DIVERS, INC. 
3860 ROSECRANS ST. SAN DIEGO, CA. 92118 

298-053 1 Across from White Front 

THIS AD WORTH ONE DECAL PER CUSTOMER 

Page 16 Triton Times Novembe 20, 1970 

All Types V.W. 
Service . 

Rebuilt Engines 
'775 up 

Rebuilt T ransaxles 
'175 up 

/ 

~ 
PUll PUll 

hop 

fOI hery 
Day Ptapl. 

Every Part 
for Your 

Bug 
NEW ami 

USED 

Bird Rock Pull Pull hop 
South 631 ~ La Jolla Blvd. 

454-0761 

CLASS I FI EDS 
Wanted 

ARTISTS AND CRAFTSMEN 
needed for November 21-22 for 
showing at the Art Center 1159 
t.mino Del Mitr. PleASe Call 
755-1630 
Gay Student, 21 , good.looking, 
wI m looking for apt. to share. 
Sean. 224·6379. 4-8 p.m. 

HOUSING 
Within bicycling distance of 
UCSD. Half an apartment, ,.rt 
of a house, etc. Call 273-5506 
after 6 p.m . 

Need a mechanic to over-haul a 
Chevy 6 cyl. Drop a note to 
Steve at Box 6658 Muir as to 
where and when a deal can be 
negotiated. 
Wanted · College girl to do light 
housekeeping. in exchange for 
room and board. Ocean Beach 
area - private front living. 222· 
0455 
-------

Performers needed to wear 
sculpture-hands, bread, rain-
bows, etc. Meet Wednesday ; 
Nov 25 in front of UCSD Art 
Gallery at noon. 

For Sale 
Brand new Minolta MG 16 with 
flash foot. $35 or best offer. 
Must sell. Call Mark 755-399Q 

'67 Chevelle SS396 Gold con-
vertable. 755-3990 

COSMETICS. For 9-25c Sam-
ples of Randal non-allergic 
Cosmetics, (made from fruits, 
herbs, ferns, flowers, etc. and 
no harmful chemicals) send 
only 1.00 to Randall Cosmetics 
P.O. Box 2019, La Jolla, Calif. 
State of skin is dry, normal, or 
combination . 
'70 Yamaha 200 cc 1300 mi. Must 
sell. Call after 4 p.m. M-F any 
time on weekends 461 -6683 

65 Ducati 250 $95, old U.S. coins . 
reasonable. Antique rifles Sl5 
@' antique cartidges. John 755-
7652 before 8 a.m. after 10 p.m. 

For Sale - scuba tanks 2 singles. 
565 each (j-valve) 1 double $120 
ca II chris 453-6372 
68 VW Fastback Sedan call eve. 
after 5:30 or weekends. 223-0132 
or ext. 2629 Wayne Frater 

Vox Royal Guardsman Mint 
condo 54501 or offer 459·3044 

'56 Ford Station Wagon $75 or 
best offer call ext. 1792 

COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 
Tuc.lhru Fri. 

9:30 - 7:30 
Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 

Closed Sun. & Mon. 
233 - 8328 

Ito, .. In~ Itltil"lry 
Irt "It'rills 

Services 
-Typing-I BM-Resonable 
rates-t.1I 488·3188. 

Typin8 ... ElIperieneed typi t 
papers, thesi . Electric t""",w.i, ••• 
Will ~o rush jobs. 453-6835. 

DISTlNTlVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. 
Rates. Satisfaction is the 
product. Helen 459-8888 

PROFESSIONAL TYPING -
service reasooable rates satis-
faction guaranteed medical aDII 
technical typing our specialty. Cau 
277-%561 after 5:" p.m. 460-8543 

Europe Charter Flights 
Several Schedules availablt. 
Coordinator : Professor 
Margaret Paal; 247 Roycroft 
Av,e., Long Beach. 90803 438-
2179 

Afraid of Snakes? UCSD Psych. 
Dept can help you. Contact K. 
Howard 272-6836. 

PRrsons needing help in passillt 
proficiency in German or 
tutoring in German. 
Mr. Werner Mayr X 2765 or 
8296 

Personals 
You are cordially invited to 
special pre-Christmas under 
sale. December 5 and 
FABULOUS GIFTS! U 
BELIEVABLE BUYSI at THE 
ART CeNTER, 1159 Camilli 
Del Mar for info call 755-1630 all 
artists and craftsmen are in. 
vited to sell their wares. 

Do you buy records only " 
record them? Let's form a tape 
co-op. Rock, Jazz or Folk, 
Contact Steve Landau 755·655l 

Reward $30. for informatlOll 
leading to or for the return of,' 
Gold "Orly" 10-speed bike. No 
questions ask. R. L. Johnston 
tele. 453-8447. 

Find the Photo Shack in LJ 
Jolla and get your films 
developed well but cheaply 
near Safeway, near TeXICO. 
Kodak and Minolta cameras 
and accessories. 

20 slides @ 
$1 .19 

super 8 movies) 

CONTRUVERSIAL 
BOOK STORE 

296-1560 

3121 hmnllJ 

bll .. lrk Clflis 
Plrty lads 

north coast stationers 
121 north hilhwlY 101 sollnl beach 

755-4923 

offiCi supplill 8chool Iupplill 

NOll VZINV~MO 11~OMd'NON 


