
V,'ume r r, Numh,20 University .1 (a'ifornia, San Diego 

liberationist Outlines Quebec's Problems 
Molly Selvin 
Stoff Writer 

"The movement for an independent Quebec is one deeply 
rooted in Canadian history and is in little danger of dissolving." 
So said Philip Courneyeur, spokesman for the liberation 
movement in Quebec, as he spoke to a quiet group of about 60 
students in the Revelle Cafeteria Wednesday night. 

Courneyeur, whose engagement here was part of a Young 
Socialist Alliance-sponsored nationwide tour L spoke primarily 
on the developmenl.s leading up to the OctoDer 1970 crisis in 
Canada, and also about the economic and social position of the Quebecois. or French Canadians? 

Quebec, said Courneyeur, has been a conquered nation and 
an oppressed colony for some 200 years. From the time of its 
occupation by British troops in 1759, Quebec 's development has 
been held back. The area, during the next 100 years, was 
primarily agrarian and Catholic-dominated. However, after a 
rebellion in 1837, the policy concerning Quebec became one of 
repression, attrition, deprivation of political rights and 

Philip Courneyeur 
Issues Now 

dispersion. This policy, according to Courneyeur, sought to 
destroy Quebec's nationalism. 

New Classes Emerge 
ow, however, Quebec is a highly industrialized area with 80 

percent of its population living in urban areas. A new class of 
workers has developed, as have a class-conscious youth. 

Courneyeur presented some statistics to give the audience 
some idea of the industrial position of Quebec in relation to the 
rest of Canada. Eighty percent of the capital in Quebec is 
either from foreig n countries or from other parts of Canada. 
Unemployment in Quebec has now reached 41 percent. In a 
province · where 83 percent of the population is French-
speaking, or of French descent, 63 percent of the 
administrators in Montreal , the province 's capital , are 
English-speaking. French-speaking citizens earn the lowest 
average income of any group in the province. Even those 
individuals who can speak both language earn less, on the 
average, than English-speaking people of British descent. 

Kidnappiogs Produce "Favorable Impres ioo" 
Courneyeur stated that when James Cross and Pierre 

Laporte were kidnaped , the majority of the Quebecois were 
"favorably impressed." They felt that such an action by the 
Quebec Liberation Front or FLQ might force the government 
to respond. The FLQ had several demands they wanted met 
before the hostages were to be released. One of them was for 
negotiations between the Canadian government and the FLQ. 
The government said publicly that it would not negotiate with 
·'criminals. "yet, claims Courneyeur, negotiations were 
attempted in secret. 

The Quebec government, declared Courneyeur, which had 
lost its ability to govern, precipitated the army invasion of 
Quebec through its desire to include the separatist party in the 
cabinet. Yet, he said, the "kidnappings gave the government 
the opportunity it needed" to invade. The federal government 
claimed that the PQ was attempting to stage a coup de tat. 
This was merely justification, Courneyeur claims, for the 
invoking of the War Measures Act on the province. 

Troops Occupy Quebec 
The War Measures Act, enacted Oct. 16, gives arbitrary 

powers to the prime minister and effectively annuls the 
constitution of the country and the bill of rights. These 
measures were in effect for a week, during which time Quebec 
was occupied by government troops. 

Question of Campus Unrest Covered By Panel 
R b t M'II Berkeley scenario because ol its frequency on that campus, is 
o er ~ er to create a conflict over a low-key issue which would then lead 

Stoff WrIter to a confrontation between administration and students. 
An analysis of the dilemma 'of campus unrest was presented Radicals Divided 

at this w~k's ~ssues Now class. . . At present, there is a division on the campuses between the 
The diSCUSSion was largely based on the fmdmgs of the radicals who advocate the ideology of the New Left, and the 

Scranton Commission which covered the causes, effects and majority of students who are concerned with the consequences 
possible solutions of student alienation and the subsequent of their actions and thus refrain from active dissent, said 
dissent that has become commonplace on today's college Douglas. 
campus. Circumstances are the prime force behind the conduct of 

Examining the question of campus unrest at .this d~scussion student action. According to Douglas, the more some action 
were William Beall, UC Berkeley campus police chief, Jack infringes upon the student, the more radical the reaction will 
Douglas, UCSD Sociology professor, Will Smith, UCSD Dean of be. 
StUdent Affairs, and Jerry Mahoney, the Ombudsman at San "The campus unrest is a very fluid situation. I don't advise 
Diego State. anyone to place bets on its future progression," said Douglas. 

The Scranton Commission stated, on the basis of hearings on The presence of the feeling of repressiveness, while not a 
campuses across the country, that several ingredients enter rational point of view, is quite real, stated the Scranton 
into the presence of campus unrest: Commission. 

- There is a prevalent belief held by the students that ~he According to Chief Beall, this is distinctly manifested in the 
U.S. political system is repressive. ThiS has led to a growl.ng tactics of the radicals at Berkeley. "An attempt is constantly 
mistrust of U.S. institutions and of those people connected With made to take a low-key issue and turn it into a direct 
them. confrontation between the students and the administration. 

. IDCODliltency Causes Unrest One of the 13 such instances last year that led up to the massive 
- A great inconsistency exists in the manner of how rules, protest against R.O.T.C. was the Women's Lib objection to 

regulations and laws are enforced on the various campuses. non-coed karate classes," he said. 
This has helped to cause the uneasy and repressive feeling The Scranton Commission said the college administration 
among the students. must provide room for communication which would not lead to 

- Skilled radicals play the game of revolution with a set violation of the law. It went on to say that when the students 
procedure and plan. The goal of this pattern, often called the are aware of the rules they will not usually resort to violence. 

Decem"e, 4, 1910 

Jensen Critic to Speak Here 
Ow n Joyner 

Assoc. City Editor 

Ashley Montagu, eminent anthropologist and oui poken 
critic of that social hypothesis which has been bothering this 
campus all quarter- the Jen en Theory- will speak here next 
week. 

Montagu will lecture on "Race and Other Contemporary 
Befuddlements" in the HL Auditorium at 8:00 Monday night. 
The talk, which is sponsored by the Anthropology Department, 
is free and open to the public. 

Montagu has long courted controversy himseU by attacking 
what he has called the " venerable errors" in popular thought 
during his career as educator and writer in the U.S. He is a 
talented populizer of science who has ventured into such 
controversial areas as race, the relations between the sexes, 
and child rearing. He is perhaps best known for the 1950 
UNESCO "Statement on Race" whIch he helped to draw up, 
and for his book The Natural Superiority of Women written in 
1953. 

As far as the Jensen Theory goes, Montagu not only opposes 
any theory which suggests racial intellectual differences but 
goes even further to Question whether " races" exist at all. 

In his book "The Fallacy of the Concept of Race-Man's 
Most Dangerous Myth" written in 1965, Montagu asserts that 
biologically speaking there is really no such thing as "race ~' He 
offers scientific evidence to show that the genetic differences 
between two different so-called "races" are no greater than 
the differences between two individuals of the ame race. The 
fact that members of different races can mate, claims 
Montagu, means that the biological differences between the 
races are not significant enough to merit any group 
classifications. 

Montagu was born in London, England, in 1905. From 1922 to 
1925 he studied at University College, the Univer ity of London. 
After coming to America, h taught at YU until he received 
his Ph.D. in Anthropology in 1937. From 1949 to 1955 Montagu 
was Chairman of the Anthropology D partment at Rutger 
Univer ity 



SCHEDULE OF FINAL EXAMINATIONS 
PALL QUU TII. 19)0 

OlelMI IK '·12 

Pin . l • ••• l nu lon •• h , ll ba b . l d 1a tll . TaB ul ar l), , e h.d"l., 
(l •• lroo •• It the ti ... l iv.n b '!loy, 

MVP e 
TTK 8 
"wr 9 
1TM 9 
MW, 10 
TTK 10 
KWr 11 
TTK 11 
MVr 12 
TtH 12 
Myr 1 
TTR 
HV' 
TTK 
HV ' 
TTK 
MV, 
TTM 
MWF 7p. 
TTM 7p. 

V.dn .. d.,. D.c • • ber 9 
tu .. 4.,. D.c •• b n a 
Th " .,.,. ,. , D. c • • b" 10 
Prid. ,.. D.c •• b .r 11 
Tu .. 4. ,. I D,c • • b u a 
S. tur " '" D, c •• b.r 12 
V.d D •• d.,.. D,c • • ber , 
Thuud. ,. D. c • • b.r 10 
Prid . ,. Da c •• b. r 11 
S a turth ,. D.c •• b.r 12 
fu • ••• '. D,c •• ber a 
Va'dn .. ' , ,,, D.c,.ber 9 
Thul'Id . ,. D.c: •• bu 10 
Pri d.y, D, c •• b.r 11 
S a turd. y. D.c •• blr 12 
T""l lh y I D.c.aber I 
V. da .. ' " , D.c • • ber 9 
Thur •• h,. D,c •• b .r 10 
PI'1 d. , . Dlc •• b,r 11 
S , tur lll 7, D,c •• bu 12 

Cl a rific . tion to Sch • • ule 

' ! 00_1O : 50 I' 
. : 00.10 : 50 a. 
1 : 00·10 : SO •• 
1:00.10 : .50 • • 

11,30- 1 , ,0 p. 
I:OO-I0 : S0 a. 

11 :30. Z: 10 p. 
11 , 30- 1 , )0 p. 
11:30- Z: )O p. 
II : 30- Z: 10 p. 

3 , 00- 1 , 50 p . 
1 : 00- 5 : .50 p. 
3 : 00_ 5 : )0 p. 
3 , 00- 1 , 50 p. 
) : 00. 5: 50 p. 
) , 00-10 , 00 p. 
1:00·10:00 p. 
1 : 00_10 : 00 p. 
) , 00-10 , 00 p. 
7 : 00 ·10: 00 p . 

1. All d.y cl ...... "Un, oaly au d. y a ",.ak auet cond uct 
th'lr Unal •• a .1natioD aD an I rru,.d ba. L. at tbt TTH 1 o'clock 
or HWP 8 o'cloc.k cia .. perioeS. Unal tlll.lnation dl, Ind tla. 
dUl"inl the final •••• 1nltlon w., .. . Th. lrutructor wttt announct 
I l'r . ole1 tl •• a nd da y In ci a •• • 

Z. "0 fJn.1 •••• 1natlon. '1'1 t.o be liven on "onda" O.ce.b.r 7 , 
1970 . tH . da y h .. bllil lit .lld, by th e Unlvu.lty . nd u-
dor •• d b)' cbe Provo.t .... fre. d., for the .t",deu, to Iludy . 

3. An), .tudent who Had. It l.poulbll to talte • finll I ••• • 
lna tlOn on thl d.t •• cb.,,,,led .u.t •• k. Irran, ••• nt. with th. 
In. truetor. 

4 . Cl ..... etart: ln, other than Oft the hour wi ll hold thllr 
flnel , • • • 1D . tlon the .... tl •• AI tholl b.,lnnlna on the hour . 
Ilu.pll : 9 : 10. 9 : 15,9:)0 , cl ..... are.c on.lderad 9 : 00 o 'c lock 
ct a •• e • . 

5. MW, W" "ttKP, MTWf)t , Kt , "WTH' , KTM a nd HF cl ..... are 
rel e rdad .. KV' . 
6 . T, TW, 14TH. and 1H d ..... are tlllrd.dI a. TtH. 

7 . Stud.nt. vbo hav. thr •• 01' four ea ••• on the •••• cla y .houl. 
'.1 th.lr ProvOII: to Ilhvl a tl tb •• Hultton, if dlllred . 

II~ 
Your Taste Buds 

Will Think You Love You 

A complete selection of organically 'grown 
natural and nutritional health food s. 

• r.. atura l Whole Grain Breads 
• !:ugar Free Cookies 
• Fure Fruit & Vegetable Juices 
• ~ alad Dressings, Oils , Mayonnaise 
• Natural Grains & Cereals 
• [ 'ricd Fruits 8- Raw Nuts 
• ( ertif ied Dairy Products ' 
• L ow Cholesterol Eggs 
• Paw Nut Butters 
• ~ .ugar Free Sweets 
• Non Chocolate Candy Bars 
• ~Jatural Fruit & Nut Bars 
• Flaw Unfiltered Honey 
• Special Diet Foods 
• Natural Vitamins 

& Mineral Supplements 

l-tOUSE of NATURAl foods 
I~ 7 523 B Fay Avenue ~ 

PI" 2 Triton Time, December 4, 1970 

Gymnasium Facilities Closed 
SUBJ ECT: UCSD RECREATIO NA L CALENDAR -
HOLlDA Y SCHEDULE 

Christmas Holidays - Thursday and Friday, December 24 and 25. 

Thursday and Friday. Dec 31 and Jan. I. 

Pool closed Cor repairs: Monday through Friday, Dec. 21 - 25 

During the Christmas Holidays, the Cacilities will be open other 
than the above. 

Gym - Monday through Thursday 8 a.m. -5 p.m. 

Friday 8 a.m. - 5 p.m., 7:30 -9:30 p.m. 

Saturday and Sunday 12 noon -5 p.m. 

Pool - Monday through Thursda y 12 noon -2 p.m. 

Friday l2noon -2 p.m., 7:30 -9:30p.m. 

Saturday and Sunday 

COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANK' 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 
Tue. th ru Fri. 

9:30 - 7:30 
Sat. 9:30 - 5 :30 

Closed Sun. & Mon. 
233 - 8328 

" WHAT ARE YOUR 
DIMENSIONS FOR LIVING?" 

Come and hear JOHN WYN-
DHAM , C.S.B., former 
UNICEF Director in Europe, 
and producer of documentary 
£Urns; now a member of The 
Chrstian Science Board of 
Lectureship. His one-hour 
lecture will offer the helpful 
approach which Christian 
Science takes to personal , 
community, and world 
problems .. . 
Fourth Cburcb of Cbrllt, 
ScleaU.t 
1%71 SILVERADO, LA JOlLA 

3 P.M. SUNDAY, DEC. ' 

12 noon - 5 p.m. 

Merry Christmas 
and 

Happy New Year 
Europe 

Fall, Christmas and 
Summer 1971 flights 
available . Also to 
Israel and Japan. 

1.1.I.p .... e.l. 
1217 I".rly Ilvd. 

III Ang.llS, CA 90041 
(213) 651 -3311 
(714) 75S-3990 

ofter 5 p.m. 
E S.E.' .-U.C.S.D m.mh.r. 

leer, Food, Wine 
~ENmTAINMENT ~ 

Monday U(SD Night 
leer 20' 

Fay & Silverado 
La Jolla 

FEWER UCTUmON FEE DEFERRAU! THAN ESTIMATED 
About 12 per cent oj all University of California 

students have been allowed to defer tuition payments 
until after graduation, a survey of registration records 
shows. It was estimated that up to half of all students 
might qualify for deferred payments when the Regents 
imposed tuition for the first time this year. Th is larger 
number of deferments would have drastically cut .the 
amount of money the University hoped to raise im-
mediately through tuition. 

Indications are now that, of the $16.5 million tuition will 
raise this year, $14.6 million will be collected im-
mediately and only $1.9 million will be deferred for later 
collection. Yet, when tuition charges double next year, 
tuition deferrals are expected to rise. The UC student 
who defers tu ition must begin to p<ly 01/ his debts nine 
months after he graduates. He must pay back a 
minimum of $120 each year plus 3 per cent interest. 
Graduate students are allowed four years of study 
beyond the bachelor's degree before payment of deferred 
tuition is begun. Repayment may be put off for an ad· 
ditionalfour years while the student serves in the armed 
forces , VISTA or the Peace Corps. 

MILU; GAINS SUPPORT FOR SENATE POST 

James R. Mills, the 43-year-old liberal Democrat and 
state senator from the San Diego area, emerged as the 
leading contender to replace Republican Jack Schrade 
as president pro-tem of the state senate. Although 
Democrats predominate in the senate, with 21 votes in 
the 40-man chamber, they cannot control the house 
without the election oj one of their own as president pro-
tem. 

The announcement of Mills' support came after a 
meeting of senate Democrats this weekend. Floor leader 
Sen. George Moscone of San Francisco told newsmen 
that a secret ballot gave Mills a majority oj votes with 
the balance split among three other candidates : Sen. 
Stephen P. Teale of West Point; Joseph M. Kennick of 
Long Beach ; and Randolph Collier of Yreka _ It was later 
learned that Mills got 11 votes and that Teale and Ken-
nick split nearly all the rest. The issue now before Mills Is 
the unification of the Democrats. If the four-man split 
continues, chances are that one of them will turn to 
Republicans for support in hopes of forming a new 
coalition. If Republicans do not cooperate or if no 
De mocrat can attain the required 21 votes, then Schrade 
will remain in office. 

ECOLOGY LAW SOCIETY FORMED AT USD 

Fif ty law students at the Catholic-run University of San 
Diego have fo rmed an Environmental Law Society. 
President David Diehl said the society 's purpose will 
include research, investigation and analysis of legal 
consideratio 'ls surrounding environmental and 
ecological problems inSan Diego County. " Our com-
munity needs a pool of specialized legal talent to a id 
cit izens in their efforts to preserve a livable , healthy 
environment, " Diehl said. 

MRS_ JOHNSON OUTSELLS MRS. WILSON 
Mrs. Lyndon B. Johnson last week outsold Brita in's 

fo rmer First Lady oj politics during the first day of 
publication here of her White House Diary. Cool and 
unruffled by the throng of Londoners surging around her, 
Mrs . Johnson autographed more than 250 copies of her 
memoirs in less than 50 minutes. Mary Wilson , wife of 
former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson, sold only 
200 copies of her anthology of poetry on the first day of 
publication earlier this y~ar. 

UC GRADUATE STUDENT, 7%, IN ISRAEL 

Mr. Emfle Lackow is busy proving these days that man 
is never too old to learn. At 72, Lackow is engaged in 
completing work for his master 's degree in political 
science at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem , as part 
of UCSB 's Education Abroad program. 

A retired merchant and shopkeeper, Lac/lOW is a 
" reformed dropout" who returned to school after 
abandoning it more than 50 years ago for various 
reasons, one of which was the Bolshevik Revolution. 
When the Re volution began in 1917, Lackow, the son of a 
Jewish dentist, was attending Petrograd University in 
Russia. He was removed from the university and ordered 
to work as the custodian of a wine cellar commandeered 
by the Communists . However, shortly after the Revolu-
tion , the Lacltow family left Russiafor the U.S. 

After his retirement in 1967, Lackow enrolled at UCSB 
armed with his high school diploma and his Petro,rad 
University transcript. He received hi. B.A. In political 
science at the end oj the fall quarter last year and 
decided to go to leruaalem. "1 have been intertlted In 
the Middle East for a long time and it was my opinion 1 
could learn more about the area 1/ I could study and live 
In it, " he aaid. Lacllow i •• pecfal!lin, In pr,-BolMev~ 
Russia , International relation., politic., and the Middle 
Ea.t and ita r,latton to the world', great pow". 

r POSSIBILITIES I 
'Oppenheimer' to 
Open at Globe 

A national scientific hero is 
accused of severe secur ity 
violations during the emotional 
courtroom drama " In the 
Matter of J . Robert Oppen-
heimer. .. Capsulized for 
dramatic purposes by Heinar 
Kipphardt, the play retains the 
integrity of the complete 1954 
Atomic Energy Commission 
hearings. This explosive 
challenge between service to 
the nation and individual inte-
grity will open Thursday 
(December 3) at the Cassius 
Carter Centre Stage. 

" In the Matter of J . Robert 
Oppenheimer" will be 
presented in the theatre-in-the-
round nightly, except Monday 
through December 20. A single 
matinee is scheduled Sunday, 
December 20. 

During World War II, Dr. J . 
Robert Oppenheimer was the 
nuclear physicist recognized as 
the principle developer of the 
first atomic bomb. Following 
the war, he was assigned to 
develop the means for ex-
ploding the hydrogen bomb. In 
1954, Dr . Oppenheimer 's 
security clearance was can-
celled and a hearing held to 
detennine his future security 
status. 

Oppenheimer is accused of 

up to 30% off 
... iversory sale 

mod - fun ,Iothes 
(asual & dressy 

indian imports 
• de in our own shop 

51GI BOUTIQUE 
ssa pearl, Ia i~11a 
next to baskin-robbins 

willfully delaying the 
development of the hydrogen 
bomb which aided the enemy, 
consorting with Corrununists 
and Communist sympathizers 
and concealing the fact that a 
known Communist was working 
.in his laboratory. 

Members of the impartial 
Personnel Security Board 
weigh testimony brought forth 
by attorneys of the Atomic 
Energy Commission and that of 
counsel for Dr. Oppenheimer. 
Witnesses at the hearings in-
clude former scientific asso-
ciates and security experts 
assigned to the bomb 
development project. 
Unicorn Presents 
Fellini at Work 

In 1969 Federico Fellini 
made, in Rome, a Cilm based on 
an ancient comedy, Tbe 
Satyricon. Fellini allowed his 
oCficial biographer, Gideon 
Bachmann, to make a HIm of 
him at work directing. During 
the production Bachmann 
photographed and recorded Cor 
44 days, achieving a total oC 16 
hours of Cilm. Bachmann has 
edited this footage into a 75 
minute documentary called 
Ciao Federico. The Unicorn 
Cinema will be showing this 
Cilm on Monday, December 
7.-its onl y Sa n Diego 
presentation, Mr. Bachmann 

.......................................... -....... -............................... : ... ... 

folk arts 
.IUII, folk JIZZ , 

rock on racarll 
11.1: plttery, jawalry, 
IlItlllr, 

hind midi cloth .. 
3753 indil 

(corner wlShington 
Ind inllil 

things & things 
anti qua ted and othe rwise 

1231 prospect street I, jolla 
454 -1000 

Clearance Sale at Our Cost! 
STEREO COMPONENTS 

Scott-Dynaco-Kenwood 
Receivers-Amps-Speakers-Tape Recorders 

la iolla music 
1128 wall la iolla 

459-3375 

christmas special 
Yow complete horolCopt calcula ted 
individually based on planetary positions at the 
time of your birth by a Panditji (Astroiger) in 
India. 

Please complete this form &.mail today for fast service! 
NAME: SeA.-X __ 

: AQdress: ____________ _ 
City: State Zip __ 
Time of Birth (state a.m. or p.m.) _____ _ 
Date of Birth _ ___ _ ~ __ 
Place of Birth _______ _ 

Enclose '2.50 for ItUdtnts - 15.00 for non students 
Price includes postage to and from India. You will receive your own 
personal horoscope approximately one month from the date of receipt. 

compl ... d torm and '2.50 (Of " .00) to- WT . WEST EN1r£RI~U'ESI 
3170 Secrtmllllo It. '1 

lin Frencllco, CIIif. 14UI 

will be present to introduce the 
film and answer questions 
from the aud ie nce . The 
showing will begin at 7:30. 

Wearable Sculpture 
Parade 

A show of " wearable 
Sculpture" by San Diego artist 
Karen Kozlow will go on 
display at 12 :00 noon Friday, 
December 4, at the University 
of CaliCornia, San Diego, during 
a parade through the school's 
Revelle Plaza . 

Mostly large-scale and semi-
rigid. the SCUlptures, some 40 

pieces in all, will be activated 
in a series of perCormances, 
concerts and parades, both 
scheduled and unscheduled , 
throughnut the UCSD campus 
and in varioUl) loca tions around 
San Diego. When the sculptures 
are not being worn by the 
"activators" they will be on 
display in a quiescent stale at 
the UCSD Art GaUery through 
December 24 . Gallery hours 
are 11 :00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m .• 
Tuesday through Sunday, and 
8:00 to 10:00 p.m., Wednesday 
evenings. 

Scheduled perCormances will 
occur as Collows: 

Friday, December 4: a noon 

SI21 hIftnIIy 

. ... ...... ... ............... . 

j?AC~r,C 
YAMA~A 

complete sales 
& service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
:1551 ,Ir.at lve 
:p.cific huh . 274-6343; 
... .. ,., , .. , ., .. .. ... .. , ..... . 

R .. ourcefulne .. 
p5ychology, becom ing 
", ...... p hilo.ophy 
children 'J books 
fielion. poelry 
educolional. 
joy 

para de through UCSD ' s 
Revelle Plaza ; 

Wednesday, December 9: a 
game at noon on Revelle 
Plaza ; 

F r ida y, Dece mber 11: 
surprise appearances in San 
Dir 10 throughout the day and a 
musica l perCorma nce by 
Pauline Oli veros in the UCSD 
Art Gallery at 8:00 p.m. ; 

Friday. December 18: a 
children's party at3 :30 p.m. in 
Cront of the UCSD Art Gallery ; 

Friday, December 25 : a 
Christmas Jubilee at 2:30 p.m. 
on Revelle Plaza. 

Creative Films 
on Sunday Night 

Onion Skin Flicks Company, 
a new campus organization 
devoted to film making, will 
present six cinematic works of 
art Sunday, Dec. 6, with 
showings aI 7:00 and 10 :00 PM, 
in USB 2722 on the UCSD 
Re velle c ampu s . 
(Admission- $.75/person ). 

According to Milo Zarakov 
and David Ichelson, spokesmen 
for the newly formed Cilm 
company, the showing has two 
purposes. First, the Company 
wishes to make available to 
UCSD and the surrounding 
community, creative and 
unusual cinematic works at low 
cost. Secondly, with the left-
over receipts Crom the 
showing, Onion Skin Flicks 
hopes to eventually save 

. enough money to purchase 
some permanent equipment. 

The flicks to be presented 
this Sunday are "Entr' acte," 
"Occurance at Owl Creek 
Bridge," "Campus Christi ," 
" Don' t Say Goodnight," 
" Rainbow Dance," and 
" Design." 

"Occurance at Owl Creek 
Bridge" is an exciting film 
which won fi rst place at the 
Cannes Film Festival several 
years ago. "Campus Christi" 
was produced by film s tudents 
at StanCord University. and 
contains a unique plot coupled 
with excellent cinematography 
as well as unusual props. 

This is the firs t showing in a 
series which will continue in 
the Winter qUjlrter. Currently 
this organiza tion is trying to 
get such well known works as 
"Closely Watched Trains," 
" Dear John," and Fellini's 
"Juliet of the Spir its." 

. & Foreign 
paperback. 
magazine! 

pOl ler , 
rf'cord~ 

carru 

EARIH.SONG 
BOOK STORE 

1440 Camino del Mar Del Mor 755-4254 

llthRECORDBAEAK'NG\Neek! 
.Hand still flying high. ?he 

&~ 
pesened WIth rrpocl d 

Il'C 
Mn. 

Rock Concerts 
Over Vacation 

The Moody Blues. the band 
who brought you " Days of 
Future Past" and ''In Search oC 
the Lost Chord , " will be 
performing tonight in the 
Sports Arena . They will be 
playing excerpts Crom their 
new album, " A Question oC 
Balance ... 

Spirit will be in town on 
Sunda.Y. Dec. 13.J)erforming at 
5 PM in the Sports Arena. 
Along with SpIrit will be 
Country Joe MacDonald . 

Three Dog Night will be at 

the Sports Arena on Saturday, 
Dec. 19. 

Tickets are available at Bill 
Gamble 's Mens Stores , 
Sneaker Inns. all Central 
Ticket Agencies and the Sports 
Arena Box Officc. For more 
inCormation call Suzanne 
Dunbar at 29l-30<!0. 

Also, Laura yro will 
present a concert at 8 PM, 
Friday night, Dec. 18. at the 
Community Concourse. Tickets 
for the Laura Nyro Concert are 
now on sale at the Civic 
Theater Box OCfice, All 
Highlander Men's Stores and 
all Metro TIcket Agencies. For 
inCormation. call 23&-6510. 

THE &ETr, 
rllDrp~ 

mens hairstyling 
long hair our spec ialty 

.,.oi.t.'lt. 
IVl i I .. " . 

755 - 3000 

---::==- --~ 

A-1 on her mind 
And A-I Custom Contours on his 
body. In nO-lion solids, stripes 
and pallerns. MOderately flared. 

~al • ., , IIZI 
310 f iftll nth • tra.t 

~. r • ., 

heel-Io-toe slant. flap pockets. A mind lull at only 
S11toSl3apalr. 

liD CUSTOM CONTOURS 

·REBEL ho 
PLAZA (AMINO REAL 

CARLSBAD 
(Metro Ticker Alency) 
FASHiON Vi L" 

December 4,1970 



opInienl •• prHMCI on tho .. paget or. t .... of tho authors whoM namos appear in tho bylines and 
cIo not nocoaarily reflect tho views of tho TIlTON TlMIS. Anyone cMsiri"ll to submit material to be 
published on t .... paget should .. nd it to tho Editorial Director, TIlTON TIMES, 11711ak. Hall, UCSD. 

Social Pathology, Racism, and MUD'singer 
Dirt L. Duncan 

Editor's Note: Birt Duncan is studying for 
his Ph.D in the VCSD Psychology 
Department. A Black student, he presents 
a different aspect to the Munsinger-lensen 
controversy. 

After reading Dr. Munsjnger's article in the 
TRITON TIMES, I feel that there is a problem 
and misunderstanding surrounding his lectures 
on Jensen. I do not believe that Dr. Munsinger is 
imprudent in presenting Jensen, but I see the 
form of his presentation as reflecting a narrow 
intellectual approach. 

Dr. Munsinger, like so many of his colleagues, 
is operating under the assumption that anything 
that isn't mainstream is deviant. 

The apparent absence of a meaningful 
conception of Black culture has forced almost 
all psychology's data on the Blacks into two 
seemingly dichotomous categories-either that 
of biological incapacity (genetic inferiority ) or 
social deviance and pathology (environmental 
deprivation). 

In Dr. Munsinger's syllabus, and in his 
article, he never gave credence to a cultural 
difference model to explain the existing data , or 
as a device for hypothesis development and 
research design. He is not alone in this denial. 
In a word of explanation, the cultural difference 
theory asserts that the statistical differences 
noted by psychologists in intelligence testing, in 
family and social organization, and in attitude 
studies of the Black community are not the 
results of pathology, faulty learning or genetic 
inferiority. These differences are surface 
manifestations of a viable, structured culture of 
the Black American. As a note of caution, such 
a model does not postulate that the existence of 
a distinct culture precludes the addition of other 
cultures. Biculturalism is indeed possible, but 
it insists that acquisitions of new cultural 
patterns cannot occur without recognition and 
respect for existing cultural patterns. 

'Mis-Focus' on tbe Culture of Poverty 
Although psychologists have long recognized 

that behavior is essentially the result of 
biological, sociological and cultural factors, 
there is little mention of Black culture as an 
explanation of Black behavior, except when 
" culture" is used in a distorted and negative 
sense-thus the culture of poverty becomes the 
focus rather than Black ethnicity. 

Since the fundamental model of psychology is 
normativistic, it sets up a criterion of behavior 
against which individuals and groups are 
measured. Thus ethnocentrism results from the 
fact that psychologists often attempt to assess 
behavior using a criterion assumed to be 
universal to our society, when in fact that 
criterion is merely one cultural manifestation 
of universal human behavior. Psychological 
literature dealing with family patterns, 
interaction styles, belief systems, and test 
construction, documents the ethnocentrism of 
psychologists as a group in dealing with 

behavior o'f Blacks, or any other minority 
group, for that matter. 

Racists Make Exploration Difficult 
Racists, who have used the behavioral 

differences that they observed between Blacks 
and Whites to "prove" the innate inferiority of 
Blacks, coupled with a " melting pot" logic of 
Black culture, has made it extremely 
uncomfortable for social scientists to give 
credence to, and explore the behavioral 
differences between ethnic groups. The 
difficulty here is that in rejecting the racists' 
theory about Black behavior, psychologists as a 
group rejected the behavior itsell. For Harry 
Munsinger's edification, it is the intolerance of 
ethnic behavioral differences, not their 
existence that constitutes racism . 

The behavior described by Racists was not 
invented by them out of their perversity. The 
bigots did not have to invent their data-it was 
there ; it abounds-many Blacks, for example, 
do roll their eyes, do perform a little dance 
when they laugh, do speak a distinct dialect, do 
establish extended family kinship systems, and 
do dress differently. What the bigot (Jensen) 
did , because he, like today's socia l scientist, is 
unaware of the role of culture in determining 
behavior, was to invent a theory of racial 
inferiority to explain the differences. 

Psychology fails in Microbehaviors 
Perhaps the greatest reason to dismiss the 

Jensen data is not simpiy that it is tied to an 
abhorent theory of genetic inferiority, but more 
importantly, because the science of psychology 
has not developed the methodologies to describe 
culturally different microbehaviors and to 
assess the affect of these microbehaviors on 
inter-personal contacts. Psychology could only 
equate the observation of the culturally 
different behaviors described by Racists with 
the stereotypic expression of prejudice. While it 
cannot be denied that the use of the term 
prejudice is appropriate in this instance, since 
the interpretation of the behaviors by the Racist 
led to a conception of inferiority, it is 
interesting to note tha t the negative concept 
" stereotype" is the only way that psychology 
has developed to deal with culturally linked 
microbehaviors. These microbehaviors are 
vastly important, for they are learned early in 
the child's life. 

In conclusion, as a Black member of the 
UCSD psychology community, I could not let 
Harry Munsinger's article go by without, at 
least offering another point of view. This report 
is not meant to point an accusatory finger and 
shout Racist at Munsinger himself, but to 
stimulate thought and let Harry Munsinger 
know that his article was an incomplete 
presentation of Jensen's notions, with 
incomplete contextual placement of Jensen's 
scholarship. I do hope that those aspiring young 
black undergraduates are not " turned off" by 
the Jensen " stuff," and continue towards a 
professional egree in a field that sorely needs a 
fresh perspective. 

I triton tiIlles 
Editor-in-C},ic:f .. H ~ wn/)rI Gam mOil 
City Editor ..... ... Rich Heimlich 
Managing Editor ...... Mike Kla ye r 
Copy Editor . . .... . Chuck Graham 
Ilusiness M .. nager . . . . . . . J err Fried 
Editorial Director .. Raoul Contreras 
A soeiate City Editor ... Owen Joyner 

Carl ei bu rge r 
Arts I::ditor .. . .. .. .. Terry Barak 

"orts Editor ....... Rocky " alron 
Photography I::dilor ... . John Zallcr 
Contributing Editor ... St('\ e Landau 

News Department 
Rod Lorong 
Juiionu C:r.Q1Jf 
Rose DeCo.to 
David Kopelusznik 
Kathy Ru.t 
Robert Miller 
Molly Selvin 
Bruce Morden 
Mike Kantro 
Mike Roth 
Brenda Wil.on 
Mike Lyons 
Mike Tawney 
Jim 5,11. 

Photography 
Jan Fronek 

Arts Oepa rtment 
Tom Beer 
Joy Gillette 
Peter Gordon 
larry John.on 
linda McAlli.ter 
Sorgun Tont 
Arti". 
Sarah McKenna 
Allan Sekula 
George Salon; 

Advertising 
Deportment 
Mark Trilling 
Susan Code. 
Molly Sel.in 

Secrelarial SlaH 
Steve Cohen 
Marge VanVolken· 

burgn 

An't Managing Ed. Copy Department 
Joe Eo.tern Snaron Weldy 
Camy Snarick Debbie Montgomery 

Glena Schroet .. 
Production 
Dave Buchbinder Molly Montgomery 

The TIlTON TIMES i. offiCially recogni •• d and .upport.d a. a .tud.nt new.pop .. by the Communication. Board 
of th. Uni .. rsity of California, Son Diego, Bu ilding 2S0. Matthew. Campu., La Jolla. California 92037. Publ ication 
i. twici wHkly on Tuesdoy. and Friday •. OffICes are located in roem 117. Bloke Hall . on th. Revell. Campu •. For 
Advert isin g phon. 4S3 ·2000 , Xl 017, for editorial or nlw. phone Xl016. 

Page 4 Triton Times December 4,1970 

Ride the 
Union Train 

Jim St ronski 

The American Federation of State, County and Municipal 
Employees Organizing Committee, soon to become an 
AFSCME local , grew out of last summer's fight to get air 
conditioning insta lled in the new Central Library. After a 
month of going through the established channels, with the 
temperature in the library often rising above 90, there was a 
walkout. In a matter of days, the air conditioning was 
opera tiona I. 

Even before the walkout, people in the library and other 
departments were talking about the need for a group to protect 
the employees of this campus from a bureaucracy which none 
seemed to understand. Conversations since, with people from 
personnel, the Academic Senate, the staff and other unions, 
have confirmed what we suspected then ; that is, that while 
individuals may know how their own department works, they 
have only a vague idea of how it fits into the university decision 
making. Also, most people know that the first commandment 
for security is, " don't rock the boat. " It doesn' t require any 
great insight to see what this means. Everyone we talked to 
knew that decisions are made on the basis of statistics, without 
regard for the human element. For the University it means 
that so many students are " educated" in such and such a way, 
for so many dollars. For us at the bottom of the bureaucracy, it 
means the departments are understaffed, that unemployment 
and health insurance are next to nonexistent, that promotions 
and raises are slow in coming, that some supervisors are able 
to build themselves little empires, that job security is 
questionable, that transfers and reassignments are difficult to 
obtain-and much more. With the incident at the Central 
Library, it seemed that a group capable of making new (and 
where necessary forceful) , inputs at all levels of the 
bureaucracy, might make considerable gains for the 
University staff. By September, AFSCME had come into 
existence on the UCSD campus. 

We have seen, heard and learned much in the last few 
months. We have seen people terminated because their 
department had run out of funds too early in the fiscal year. We 
have seen requests for reassignment go up the bureaucratic 
ladder, never to return. We've seen merit raises withheld 
because a person had the misfortune of being sick too 
often. We've seen how student workers are used as a pool of 
cheap labor , which doesn't even get the few fringe benefits that 
full time employees do. The AFSCME local at Berkeley told us 
of the impending changes in Personnel Rule 6, which would 
increase the time between merit wage increases for part time 
employees, and possibly reduce the size of raises for everyone. 
The Los Angeles and San Francisco locals supplied us with 
statistics on the wage differences in several job classifications 
between the U C campuses '(for example a maid housekeeper 
at San Francisco starts at $75 per month more than one at 
UCSD ). And so it goes. The list seems endless. 

Now we are ready to do more than study problems. We have 
already started turning out informational leaflets to campus 
employees. We have begun to find grievances that are recent 
enough (the University requires that a grievance be filed 
within 45 days ) to fight , and we hope to have some results soon. 
Also, there are a number of University policies which need to 
be changed, but these may require more time to fight. We are 
also beginning to perform informal services, such as keeping 
tabs on new job openings, to make transfers easier. 

What we need to be successful is the support of every campus 
employee : full-time, part-time, student. Together we can 
make the University a better place to work. 

For informa tion about our meetings, or just to arrange an 
informal discussion, contact the Campus Information Center at 
453-3362. 

The Jensen eory: 
roved qnd Unimportant 

Edmund Fantino 
.S!~OC:III 'Lt: Professot, Psycology Department 

The most disturbing por·~~fes;gor Munsinger 's most 
recent article in the Tritoa 13) is the implication 
contained in his statement, whether envi ronment 
hinders development (and be changed), or inborn 
differences in abili ty exist, explore data rather than 
shout prejudices." Of ' t " sbout prejudices." 
But this statement and also implies that if 
inborn differences in then the envi ronment 
should DOt be changed. " We can't help the 
disadvantaged groups simply by promising 
instant IQ from if in fact biological 
constraints exist." Of achieved "simply by 
pr.omising" (whether constraints!) . 
Again, Munsinger is constraints 
exist, then we can't with enrichment 
programs. Instead, of 
intelligence is needed. 

Munsinger discusses of attacks on IQ tests 
but does not, [ feel, wei~keln lr even appreciate 
them. His attack on the tests are simply 
measures of achievement) relation to the issue it 
addresses. My colleague is to come to grips with this 
criticism since there is rebuttal. Instead, 
Munsinger launches on I digression which, 
regrettably, is incomplete: (inventor of the firstlQ 
test) did use age to assess of his question", he used 
essentially a work sample taking skills obviously 
related to school overall achievment in 
successive grades (and was correct to use an 
achievement test to nrl>dirt " rnprll for it Is observable 
achievement that we interested in, not some 
arbitrary concept that "underlie" it. 

Munsinger "deals" charge (lQ tests are 
culturally biased) by man" : " To argue 
that IQ tests were Europeans, and this 
must be biased against is wrong .. . " No one 
has argued that. The be replaced with the 
word"some" . Of greater , is that nowhere 
does Munsinger indicate for the obvious 
cultural and environm between Blacks and 
Whites in white A less for more subtle 
differences. For of other people form 
an immense and our environment. A black 
skin insures (is a "cue" or ) differential treatment 
atall ieveis of society. 

' Intelligence' 
Finally, Munsinger 

precisely what intell 
"precisely"). His 
"Simply because 
no one questions the nh'VSll~_ 
so different? " Yes nh'"O" e,o ·t< 
around in the dark ). 
"phlogiston," the old 
" light. " 

Munsinger next discusses-,"nnl,rll 
of intellect. " Three of the " 
of whether there is a genem. nem 
tests. As geneticists BOidmEla'va 
their October Sl'iif' nltifi l' ,,_;lnll"1> 
assess the genetic 
not draw conclusions a\);ool·enE!tic 
differences between 
around these presumed racll4lcnces. 
interesting that 

is devoted directly to the proposition tha t genetically-
determined racial differences do exist in IQ scores. As might 
be expected, this is the weakest section of the Jensen report 
and one that has been methodically dismembered by Light and 
Smith in the Harvard Educational Review (Summer 1969 ), as 
well as by Bodmer and Cavalli-Sforza. 

Deprivation Argued 
The remaining " fact" offered by Munsinger refers to the 

higher percentage of mental retardation among middle-class 
blacks tban among lower-class Caucasian children. Munsinger 
concludes by asking, "Do proponents of an environmental 
explanation seriously want to argue that middle-class Negroes 
are more culturally deprived than the lowest-class 
Caucasian?" Why not? One could easily construct a sensible 
argument favoring either side (and the environmental 
argument would concern being black in white America, the 
meaning of " cultural deprivation", and the meaninglessness of 
IQ tests generated by, in and for white America ,and then 
applied to blacks). But it is virtually impossible to test the 
effects of growing up black in white America upon scores 
obtained on IQ tests. There is no such thing as an IQ test that 
does not reflect achieved ability. Moreover , there is no 
adequate " culture-free" test. What then would be needed? The 
only fair test of the Jensen thesis (leaving aside the issue of 
whether it's worth testing at all) would be an experiment in 
which an adequate sample of black and white children were 
raised in essentially identical environments. This, of course, 
would be virtually impossible to achieve in today's American 
society. Both Jensen and Munsinger seem to think that proper 
tests have already been done. What both ignore is that equal 
economic status or equal social status in no way can be equated 
witb equal environmental experience. 

Disservice to Psychology 
The Jensen controversy has done psychology, and those it 

would serve, a disservice : (l) it has focused attention on a 
problem that had long been a dead issue, and one that is not 
important enough to revive ; psychologists learned, earlier in 
this century after futile con trover y, that debates concerning 
" nature vs nurture ,", " learned vs innate," etc. , were not only 
largely unresolvable, but also largely unimportant ; (2) it has 
given aid , comfort, and a false issue to those who would resist 
change : they cite the Jensen report to support their views on 
maintaining the status quo ; (3) finally, it has siphoned off some 
psychologists' time from more productive pursuits, such as the 
new applied psychology and the more theoretical work from 
which it draws. 

In closing, we don' t know what " intelligence" is and 
probably s~ouldn't use the term; we do know that IQ scores 
are achievement scores, and that a good case has not been 
made by either Jensen or Munsinger to suggest that the 
hypothesis of genetically·determined racial differences in IQ 
scores is viable. ~sychologists , like other scientists, should be 
careful in their work to have solid empirical grounds before 
rejecting the " null hypothesis" (Le., the basic working 
hypothesis that there is no difference). Empirical support to 
overturn the hypotheSiS that there are no genetic racial IQ 
differences, is essentially nonexistent, Jensen and Munsinger 
notwithstanding. Instead of arguing whether or not " racial 
inferiority" of any sort would exist in a society free of racial 
discrimination, I submit that we should first work toward 
removing this discrimination, for only then will a meaningful 
test-relatively unconfounded by subtle environmental and 
cultural variables-even begin to be possible. I suspect that in 
such a society, however, the question will be considered 

uninteresting- and totally academic. 

Finals Are Coming 
Merry Christmas 
Happy New Year 

. ETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

~~~~~ 
Keating Announces 
(ondidacy 

La te last Tuesday, Ka rl 
Keating. Dimension Editor and 
Resident Course Balancer 
announced his candidacy for AS 
president. His platform, though 
not explicitly verbalized, 
seems to be based on a 
vigorous and continual attack 
aga inst Mike 'HEAVY' Palcic, 
present AS president, and on an 
appeal to lower division 
student support. 

The Keating team will push 
for a cooperative AS council of 
congenial political orientation. 
Specifically, it eems to call 
fO.r a miniscule AS budget 
wlthl no more funding for 
gltder club, Women 's Lib. BSU, 
ME HA. and other activities 

ext~ancous to campu well-
beIng . The Palcic 
administration ' efforts to 
dcvelop a student legal aid 
servi , a bus service for off· 
campus student , a tudent 
legi 'Ialive lobbyist, and a 

facility for underprivileged 
children on old camp Elliot, 
are high on Keating's list for 
demolition. 

Keating feels that as soon as 
Palcic can be mllde to release 
the ballots of the last AS 
referendum, which Keating 's 
associates marked as part of a 
demographic survey, the real 
work of developing an electoral 
constituency can begin . 

Keating argues, in a nutshell, 
that the liberal era on campus 
is over. that political power is 
slipping from the grasp of an 
unresponsive AS council and its 
ideological allies. Taking its 
place as the leading factor in 
UCSD politics is a new 
constellation of student groups, 
whose ympathies are moving 
to the right and whose seats Of 
power are in the 'h artland ' of 
the freshman and sophomore 
classes and in the science 
oriented curricula. 

Keating hopes that this new 
political forc will show its 
tru politi al olors in opposing 
I rtist rhetoric on campu and 

in counter-revolting against the 
peace and civil rights 
movements. Also included in 
his program is a removal of the 
facade surrounding current 
campus heros such as John and 
Robert Kennedy , Che 
Guevarra , Patrick Henry, 
Thomas Paine , Salvador 
Allende, V.I . Ulianov, Eleanor 
Roosevelt, Eugene McCarthy, 
Leon Trotsky, and HST. 

Working closely with his 
spiritual mentors, Professor 
Jack Douglas and Al Capp, 
Keating may pledge all his 
efforts into assuring students' 
access to right and modera te 
texts and classes . In 
announcing his candidacy in a 
subtle s attering of hints in the 
Nov. 24 issue of Dimension, 
Keating has cleverly gotten the 
jump on all other randidates in 
the coming Spring campaign. 
lie also has a goad start in 
comp lete ly discrediting 
Palcic's administration and its 
program board-sponsored 
con<:ert . 

Chris beldon 

- 00 
,LAn \At\tfuiit\, and ~\A+\\e. f.,rmu,\, for J 

pe.oee.. - ,+ ho, n'-T c.~Qt\~e.d \ \. lei: 

The University and 
the Know-Nothings 

R.F. Doolittle & S.J. Singer 

There is a favorite new sport in America 
these days. It's called Kick-the-Faculty. Anyone 
can play - Ronald Reagan, Spiro Agnew, 
Charles Hitch, Martha Mitchell, John Stull, 
Theodore Roszak , and our own Steve Landau 
(Triton Times, Nov. 25 ) - obviously no barriers 
of politics, status, age or sex exist. All that you 
need to play is a kind of mindlessness. 

Now, we are not against sports. But Kick·the-
Faculty is one sport that is eventually going to 
hurt a lot of people, of whom faculty will be only 
a small number. A demoralized faculty will 
most immediately affect the quality of 
education for students, and eventually, society 
itself will feel the foot. Most of the players don' t 
know what a univer ity is all about ; or if they do 
know, they are against it. For the latter type, 
taking it out on the faculty is the easiest way to 
bring the university down. Part of the reason it 
is so easy, is that by nature, most faculty 
members are reticent and disinclined to defend 
themselves, particularly when confronted with 
a mindlessness, and often a viciousness that 
they do not understand. Neither of us is reticent, 
however ; nor does either of us feel any guilt 
pangs about our teaching efforts. We are 
writing, therefore, not so much to defend 
ourselves or our colleagues from the effects of 
this new national pastime, but to make it a little 
clearer what is at stake for · everyone, 
particularly students, if it continues to grow 
more popular. 

Tbree roles discussed 
We write about three things: the role of 

teaching, the role of research and the role of the 
University. Many of the remarks we make have 
been made before, but they apparently need to 
be repeated all the time. A primary function of 
the Universit1 clearly is teaching-not 
entertainment, or popularity shows , or rapping, 
but teaching. Good teaching can be done with a 
class of 400, although it would be much better 
done with a class of 25. Why don' t we have 
classes of 25? Well , according to Kick-the-
Faculty enthusiasts, it is not because of limited 
resources or anything like that, but because the 
professor has " something going on the side. " 
What is that petty self-serving something? Why, 
it's a RESEARCH PROJECT. And what is a 
research project? A research project is 
something a professor does to avoid teaching. 
Right? Right. 

Only, it's not right . 'It's right only for 
somebody who doesn 't know much about a 
university- what it 's for and who is in it. As 
primary as teaching is to a University. so is 
research to enlarge knowledge, and scholarship 
to preserve it. In these days, University faculty 
are about the only members of our society. 
freed from the pressures of vested interests, 
who are concerned about both pushing u 
forward , and reminding us of what we are and 
where we 've been. 

Role of the University is learning 
Intelligent people have realized for a number 

of centuries now, that for the long-term healthy 
development of the society. it is essential that 
some of its members, working at universities, 
ought to be learning mor about th natul1C of 
our universe ; about the earth and it 
surroundings; about the nature of man ; his 
history. societies, behavior , the workings and 
the products of his brain- in other words, about 
everything that's really important. Thai's a 
main reason for a Umversity, and that" what 
the professor has "going on th ide." And wh n 
h finishes class. if h isn't going to prepare his 
next lecture, or meet hi s Academic S nate 

Committee on Educational Policy or Academic 
Freedom, or an ad hoc Committee of the 
Chancellor's to study the merits of a pr'lposed 
new faculty member, or read a thesis, or 
-discuss problems with one of his undergraduate 
or graduate stuents, or a few other things, he 
may indulge himself by " running over to his lab 
to make sure his bubble bath solution with LSD 
in it hasn' t overwhelmed his fruit flys (sic) 
yet. " 
Genetic Expert doing Research with Fruit Flies 

It is ironic that Landau mentions fruit flies as 
an object or ridicule. It happens that the only 
member of our faculty whose research involves 
fruit flies , is one of the world 's great experts in 
genetics, and is interested in learning about the 
genetic basis of animal behavior, using the fruit 
fly as experimental object because of its 
thoroughly studied genetics. He also happens to 
be universally considered one of our best 
teachers. Furthermore, if it hadn't been for the 
fact that a few other people, such as Thnmas 
Hunt Morgan and Alfred Sturtevant, went 
" running to their labs to look at their fruit 
flies ," the discovery that the basic stuff of 
genetics (and of life ) is DNA, might not have 
been made some forty years later. " 
Students Benefit from Professor's Interest on 

Subject 
To put it most personally, neither of us would 

choose to be at an institution that emphasized 
teaching , but down-graded research and 
scholarship ; or one that emphasized research, 
but where teaching was paid lip service only. It 
happens that UCSD is pretty remarkable in its 
enthusiasm for both kinds of activities . Between 
the two of us we have had experience at Yale, 
Harvard, Columbia, Cal tech and Amherst, none 
of which was more devoted to undergraduate 
education than UCSD. It is no minor 
consequence of a good professor's abiding 
interest in research in his subject, that his 
students have the chance to benefit from his 
enthusiasm about it. Teaching and research are 
not unrelated or antithetical activities. 

After these things are said, however, there 
still remains perhaps the most critical problem 
of all . The State University today is viewed 
solely as a public service agency like the Post 
Office, and everyone thinks of himself as the 
chief client. (After all , don't I pay the faculty 
their salaries?) 0 each citizen thinks the 
University ought to be mainly what he wants it 
to be. The Lockheed executive wants it to turn 
out competent trained aeronautical engineers. 
The farmer wants it to find out how to grow 
better crops. The activist wants it to turn out 
political revolutionaries, and the politician . 
wants it to turn out docile supporters. The 
graduate student wants it to train him to go out 
and get a research or teaching position. And the 
undergraduate, hopefully, wants it to educate 
him. 

More than a Publk ervice Agency 
The illusion is that the Universi y exists only 

to perform these sOOr -term service . The 
University , however, is more than a public 
service agency. The University mu t have an 
identity and purp whi h whilp 
encompassing such services when appropriate, 

~o a long way beyond them. Th undergraduate, 
If he conceive of th niver it as no lit re 
than the supplier of his IS·unit contract, is 
ultima tely short-changing him elf. T e 

~nde~endence of Univer ili , and the pirit of 
inquiry and freedom of it faculty. which is so 
vita l to it, hould be under toad , nurtured, and 
protected- not ridiculed b its beneficiaries 

December 4, 1970 Triton Times Page 5 



ENTERTAINMENT 

--

* SAT. 
MIDNIGHT 

o 

o 

NO. 00173 (11) COLOR 
lOOn AlOTIJ) N. 646553 
PPI (I) COLOR 

LECTURE ON HAN (4) 

CYCLES (6) COLOR 

FLAG (6) COLOR 

COUNTRY (II) 
SACRED HEART OF JESUS (A) 
COLOR By F,eudo Bartlott 

AMERICAN ALTERNATIVE (10) 
By Kun Heyl 

NO NEWS 15 GOOD NEWS 
8, Robert Benchl" 

HO"E OF THE BRAVE (3) COloR 
LYEH TRUK (11) COLOR 

I __ .. PLHB .AR~lS ..... 1 1818 GARNET STREET 274-4000 .. 

Pitt' Triton Times December 4, 1970 

NOW PLAYING STUDENTS $1.50 
through December 20 (exc. Sat. with 1.0.) 
.. .In the Malter of 
J. ROBERT OPPENHEIMER ... 

by H.inar Kipphardt 
a compelling and challenging drama of man's conflicting 

responsibility to his country and to mankind 
S2.S0 (Tuts., WH., lhm., I... I .. ~.) SHO (5 ••. 1111. 0'1. 13) 
SJ.OO (Fri .. SII. hll.) S1.l0 51 •. Ihr. Cln . • ,.Ii~I,d mil. m .S". I ... 

..... )e" c:=centre stage ...... 
phone 

239.2255 
after noon 

------CO·HIT! ---
The Trulh and Soul MOVie 

"PUTNEY 
SWOPE" 

apri 
PARK BLVD. AT UNIVERSITY AVE. • 298'()S77 

RAY CHARLES 
'70 

DECEMBER 6 
SUNDAY 

Ray Charles and his Raeletts 
Peterson Gymnasium 

San Diego State 
8:00 ~.M. 

SOS Students $2.50 
Other College Students $3 .25 

General Public $4.00 
Tickets available at: 

AZTEC CENTER TICKET OFFICE 
or at the door 

Presented by San Diego State's 
Associated Students Cultural Arts Board 

HONDA CARS Stop Inflation Ani Help Your Brothers Join The Wet Set NEW ENGLAND DIVERS 

For Free 
Home Demo ... 
Call anytime at 
212·5511 

All Types V.W. 
Serv ice. 

Rebuilt Engines 
'2Uup 

Rebuill T ronsaxles 
'125 up 

Pull PUll 
Shop 

For I",y 
Da, , .. ,I, 

Every Part 
For YDur 

Bug 
NEW and 

USED 

San Diego's Largest 
Inventory of 

Underwater Equipment 

Discounts from 
70-50% 

Scuba Instructions 

Rentals 

NEW ENGLAND DIVERS, INC. 
Pacific Honda-1269 Garnet 

Bird Rock Putt Putt Shop 
South 631 ~ La Jolla Blvd. 

454-0761 
3860 ROSECRANS ST. SAN DIEGO, CA. 92118 

298-0531 Across from White Front 

THIS AD WORTH ONE DECAL PER CUSTOMER 

f 

Mot seeing 
eye to eye 

with your bankl 

Sometimes banking can be a problem. But we 
have a lot of good things that can make your banking 

easier, help eliminate the problems and frustrations that 
sometimes can occur. Take checking accounts. We have 

four of them, so you have a choice. Tenplan , for instance, 
lets you write checks for only 15¢ apiece. 
Another good thing is the way we handle your checking ac-

count when you leave school for summer vacation. You can have 
a zero balance and you won 't have a penny's maintenance charge. 

And you won't have to open a new account come fall. 
Bank of America has more branches than any bank in Cal ifornia, 

t60 - so there's one in your home town. And you'll be able to transfer 
the balance in your school branch to your home branch and back again, 

without a murmur. 
Stop in and see us. We'll be glad to talk over all the ways we can help with 

your banking while you're in college. 

BANK OF AM ERI CA 
Bank 01 America Nallonal TrUll & Sa.lngs Assocl llion • Member'FDIC 

Moderately flared, heel-
to-toe slant, flap 
pockets. No-iron solids, 
stripes and patterns 
,10 to $12 • pair. 

A·" . hHI.to-toe .llnL 
liD 
The Action 
Man Slacks 

Christie's 

~~~ 
Fashion ond Casual 

Clothes for Men 
459-5323 

1914 Girard 
La Jolla 

December 4, 1970 Triton Times Pitt 7 



the 
fashionable 
affordables 
are at 

CLASS I FI EDS 

OPERATION SURVIVAL 
For Sale 

Waterbeds regularly S100 
Iptei.1 "5 It. them at 
Waterworks 3131 Mission Blvd, 
Mission Beach 411-3111 

Service. 
Typing-IBM-Resonable 
rates-c.lI 411·31". 

Faculty and 

How Much Time Do We Have? Grants available 
"an and aHaHa sprouter with sumer products. Minimum 
instructions and SHCI packets Itringl attacheel. For Info 
Sl. Box 2422 Van NUYI, c.Uf. Gable U4I Muirlandl, u 

.. _ .U .... _~hIId .... ~I""' .. 
.. _" .. mJDV """ .. LEARN ... o,.na-I 
"'--111"" ~..- ""'-« _,..., 
MAl(!: 1111! NECESSARY ADJ\IS11I£N'I1THER£TO. 
...... put .. ,..,----,... .. 
belie"" tblt .. ..w -.ddenI:y ~ ad • ..,... of 
~ IN A I'EW HOURS. wIIIIo "" dllot_. 
Mid mot. beUIt poUce Ind lI'oopt in &he JtretU' 

Ltt', quit Iddlbl ... ...., .. '" 
ff wt....u thetrlnlibon ( and thlillF .... bU« 

....... '1_ .. ..-._.l1li-....., 
Price SyJten " wbIItv« comes MSl ... art ... 10 
KAVE .... I' .... NOW Md tba; .tIUtu.. trbMlI 
wemu. ......... u. POWER "muONI 

HOW MUCH TIllE 00 WE IIA YE 8£YORI: CRACIt. 
UP' 

ANSWER. III •• 1Wocr- __ por ....... pit 
110,11"'I0Il .... 1 HOWII\JCH TDIE DOES nos BUY 
US' UCSD ""'-. "'" ... __ Compdon .. 
.............. ~ .... pIt""' .. ........",..,.por.'III 
--I-lt:.v __ __ 1ima1Oly II .• 
kl t ll Uwtln 01 the ~ (N,...,.. ... ) - we be", 
- ......... ""' .......... III ___ ,1.l.Lle per ,...,. AVERAGE. • 
__ • IF THIS "YEAR AYERAGE IS 

MAJHTAIWEO. we have ' '''' to pWon erect.' 
_ ... .. IIIe .... ",.,. .... PoIiI>col_thlp 

... - .1>10 .. cr ....... I ......... JoI<7. ,...., .. 1>10 
lortfp . .... fw 111 (.criII W.,. I Met n. KIrtI .. Viet 
Nanl l. 11Iiobaa_blad ........ -...III_ 
III ·...,..· _"""_in .. ..,.... .. N . ..... 
_"""..-.... ad_OYEJlSEA$..{alao 
_ III -)-<IIua ....... .... bIIIzIoI ffhct .. .. 
.... ~-.. 

Million Valley Center, 
Grollmont Center 

"404 

COSMETICS. For '·2S( Sam-
1I1es of Randal non-allergic 
Cosmetics, (made from fruits, 
herbs, ferns, flow.rs, etc. and 
no harmful chemicals) sene! 
only 1.00 to Randall Cosmetics 
P.O. Box 201', La Jolla, c.lif. 
State of skin is dry, normal, or 
cl)mbination. 

Typin8 ... Experienc:ed Iypllll .. . le~ 
papers, .he i • Elee.ric: ,,,_ ••• ; ..... 
Will do rUlh ~ob8. 453-6835. 

DISTINTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE . 
Service on Schedule. 
Rates. Satisfaction is the 
product. Helen 459-3888 

0.. PolibCiaM tMI't \til .... 1bty daa't .... ao. k', 
cominI l " AU iii wei, as kine .. MY Plbbcal Pw1J .. In 
Uw adlDt l " And wen IUD ....... tbia tnpe l 

P'wtwtatel,. tbt ~ &00, It N£ASURA.8LE 
(mntmbtt thM tlh &uk PoItUtt " SdeIa' )o-4nd 
ap.&ft TIC.'batoovy bu 100M AnIwIn f. 1'U 

• Ow- Prict S)Wm lnU-40wa it prtdided when ... 
~ption GI UU'IMOU (1Mdunt) tntrl)' rllcbu 
....... kIlo;Inm..- pit c.". .. pit 110, lor """'1 
That '. \he OUTSIDE UM1T ' 

BIll it',.ddna "*" 8ftd mort diffiadl for In ' 'bc:Ntt" 
Mtidal 10 .a • IGOd, MI., JII"CIIll.ablt war-c. tiM: 
Amenean P"Plt. w. jIIIl "aIn', buytnc It"; 1ft lid.. n," 
........ bnoc _ III ... boya home _ ... TllAT 
IOUII 141 do 10 ..... domettit UNEMPLOYM£l\'T PIC 
l\1RE, IrKS the lqIKt. on .. economy' So !MeN 01 • 
)WrI, lnIybe we hive I. or perbapI' fHd ow prNfnt 
POLLtmON " AlR. SEA AND SOIL .... , .... Cam-
pulen, and .. MAY HAVE A LOT LESS TIME ntAN 
'mAT! 

~~WMWM~~ 
Brand new Minolta MG 16 with PROFESSIONAL TYPING 
flash foot. S35 or best offer. service reasonable rates 
Must sell. Call Mark ~55· 39'O faction guaranteed medical 

What ilow PRESENT~' How mid art wt 
-ne NOW' 

• 

lMPORTANTNOTICE • 
Friday night the music 

department has arranged to 

technical typing our specialty. 
'68 YAMAHA 305 CC (with 2 . 277·%561 aIter 5:08 p.m. 4&O-t543 

Next issue: WHERE 00 WE GO FROM HERE? 
OPERATION SURVIVAL, P.O. BOX 2019, La Jolla Ca 
92037. 

borrow the instruments of 
composer HAij.RY PARTCH for 
the performance of Partch 's 

• 

Ulysses at the Edge of the • 
World. The concert is at 8:30 in 
MC 409. Admission is free. 

______ 19._" 
Helmets) New Tire, Chain, Just 
tuned EXCELLENT CONDI· 
TlON Only S375. 

272·3739 
KEEP TRYING 

'64 FORD Country Squire low 
mileage, clean , runs well S575. 
Call 461 ·1479. 

Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 
Try James Automotive 
American and 
Repairs and Polution 
Student Discount 7748 
La Jolla (in the r.ar) 

r-------------------- cut out and save --------------, .Margaret Pool ; 247 

! CAL-JET CHARTERS IA .. " ::~~~~~;':~: 
t t '~2 

! EUROPE 1971 ! 
: Don't be mislead by lower prices, investigate first . Fly with our reliable Charter group. : 
t Know the facts on your charter carrier before you sign your application. t 
t Don 't take a chance with an unknown charter airline. t 

FEATURING 

The Come Together 
for The Sand Castle 

in Cardiff by·the-Sea 
2526 South 101 

t t 
: WESTCOAST TO EUROPE ( ROUND TRIP) 1 w ..... V~Ii ... 
, 

(") 
c: 

315 ( 86 days) LA- London (RT) Ivs june IJ-ret sept 6 .. ..'299 S. DrummerandotbermllslciaDs 
-

c seriously want to gig. Call 
314 ( 81 days) Oakland-London (RT) .lvs june 5--ret aug 24 ..... ..s 279 S. x2248or7~8701evenIDls. 
117 (83 days) Oakland-Am erdam (RT) Ivs june 14-ret sept 4 .... 299 ~ Rider needed to NYC. 
251 (90 days) Oakland- Amsterdam (RT) Ivs june 17 ret sept 14 .... 299 c. .round Dec. 15. 755-3733. 

Riders waated to NYC ~ 118 (72 days) Oakland-LO London/Amsterdam-Oakland Ivs june 16 ret aug 26 .... 299 . 12. Prefer Ilrl or couple. 
Cf 133 (71 days) Oakland-london/Amsterdam-Oakland Ivs june 16-ret aug 25 .. .. 289 eveDlngs. 
t 119 ( 68 days ) Oakland-LA-Amsterdam (RT) Ivs june 20 ret aug 26 .... 299 .-------. 
t· 316 ( 93 days) Oakland-London/Amsterdam-Oakland Ivs jun~ 20 ret sept 20 .. .. 299 
t 317 (87 days) LA-Oakland-London/Amsterdam-Oakland-LA Ivs june 22 ret sept 12 ... 299 
t 135 ( 29 days ) LA-Oakland-London (RT) Ivs july 14 ret aug 1l.. ... 279 
t 125 (32 days) Oakland-LA-Amsterdam (RT) Ivs aug 1 ret sept l.. .. 299 
t 319 (30 days) Oakland-LA-Amsterdam (RT) Ivs aug 4 ret sept 2 ...... 289 t 

: ONEWAY TO EUROPE NEW YORK TO EUROPEI 
t 115 Oakland·LA·Amsterdam Ivs sept 25 . .l29 336 ( 64 days) NY-Amsterdam Iv june 29-ret aug 3l...210 t 
t 1:~7 Oakland·LA-Amsterdam Ivs sept 7 .. 129 252 (89 days) NY-Amsterdam(RT) Iv june 19-ret sept 15 ... 210t 

: ~~~ ~:~II:~~:~:~:~~::~:: ::: !~~: ~: .g~ SPEC IAL JAPAN FLI G HT: 
t 936 Oakland·lA-Amsterdam Ivs april 25 . .l39 626 ( 44 days) Oakland·lA-Tokyo (RT) Iv june 26-ret aug 8 .... 399 t 

, : 734 Oakland·LA-Amsterdam Ivs feb 4 .. .139 SPECIAL AUSTRALIA FLIGHT' 
, 116 Oakland-London Ivs march 20 .. 139 7 weeks. midsummer 1971 write for further details : 
t All flights are open to students, employees, staff and faculty of the University of California and their immediate families. t 

. : FOR MORE INFORMATION WRITE NO MEMBERSHIP FEES: 
t CAL-JET CHARTERS 2150 GREEN STREET SAN FRANCISCO, CALIF' 94123 t 
t or call (415) 922-1434 (after six and weekends ) ~ t 

L~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 

Davis Camera 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459-7355 

.... _---_ .... 

Page 8 Triton Times December 4, 1970 NOll YZINV~~ .urou-NON 



--~- --- -

ANOMALY FACfORY 

TIle AlIOmaly Factory, UCSD's 
Experimutal Tbeateris coatiauing 
to crow aad as it expands it Deeds 
DeW people ia all areas. Those 

t. laterested ia tbe iadoor, 
eaviroameatal 'beater should see 
David Cuaiagbam aay afteraooo 
at tile Factory. Tbe Street Tlleater 
wUJ meet Wednesday tbe 6tb at I 
p.m. 

10 tbe tecbolcal area tbere are 
opeDings for costume aDd set 
designers c ompo sers an d 
musicians tbose witb knowledge or 
iaterest in tbe inter-faciag of 
computer-controlled Ugbting and 
souad witb possible APIS credit in 
tbese areas. The first meeting for 
tecboical people will be Wednesday 
tbe 6tb at Z p.m. 

TUESDAY, January 5 

LECTURES-1 :30 p.m.. 2A-24OZ' 
Muir; Solid State Physics Seminar. 
Dr. Palmer, Gulf General Atomic. 
"Molecular Beam Approach to 
Studies of Chemisorption and 
Catalysis." 

4 p.m., 2145 Ritter Hall , SIO ; 
Physical Oceanography ~minar, 
Michael Cregg . "Oceanic 
Microstructure Mea urements." 

RADIO-ll p.m., KFMB (760 ): Dr. 
Theodore ullock will be a guest on 
"Topic" to discuss •. ses of 
Marine Animal in Understanding 
the Brain." 

WEDNESDAY, January 6 THURSDAY, January 7 
SPORTS-all da y. Intramural 
Sports Office ; sign-up for men's 
intramural basketball. Sign-ups 
thru Wednesday. 

8 p.m., Riverside ; Basketball, 
UCSD vs. CaIBapti t. JV & 
Varsity. 
DISCUSSION-4 p.m., Informal 
Lounge ; Hilegard Goss-Mayr and 
Jean Goss will discuss "Justice 
through Nonviolence." Sponsored 
by the Revelle Guest-in-Residence 
Program. 

LECTURES-noon. BSB 1202. 
Community Medicine Seminar ; Dr. 
Hector Garcia , Acting Director of 
Health, State of Mexico, "The Role 
of the Anthropologist in Defining 
the Health eeds in Mexico." 

4 p.m., 307 Vaughn Hall , SIO; 
Marine Chemistry Seminar, Dr. 
Tom Berman , " Alkaline 
Phosphatasl and Phsophorus 
Availability in Lake Waters." 

4 p.m .. 20-2250 Muir ; Physics 
Colloquium: Dr. Jame Arnold, 
"Solar Proton Bombardment of 
Lunar Rocks. " 

4 p.m .. Revelle Informal Lounge ; 
History Colloquium. Dr. Mary 
Frances Berry. "Welfare Reform 
in a General Welfare State : A 
Study in Law, History and 
Society." 

PORTS-4 p.m., Workouts for the 
Triton Track Team will begin 
today. All interested track men 
please report at the track dressed 
for calisthenics. 

LECTURES-noon, Sumn e r 
Auditorium , SIO ; Marine Biology 
Seminar, Dr. Eugen Robein, 
Stanford University Medical 
Center. "Cellular Adaptations to 
Prolonged Diving." 

4 p .m ., 2A -7421 Mu ir ; 
Mathemati cs Colloquium , 
Professor William Leveque , 
University of Michigan, "On 
Distribution Modulo One." 

MOVIES-7:30 p.m., USB 2722; 
Friday Nite Flicks. " Butch Cassidy 
and the Sundance Kid" and three 
Roadrunner cartoons' 

SPORTS-12 :30 p. m .. gym 
conference room ; meeting of all 
men interested in playing 
intercollegiate tennis. 

8 p.m., gym, Basketball ; UCSD 
vs. University of Hawaii. Hilo. 

CLU BS-7:30 p.m., Revelle 
Informal Lounge, International 
Club presents a panel discussion on 
a topic of current interest with 
Lars Branning moderating. 

FRIDAY, January 8 
LECTURES-noon , Sumner 
Auditorium. SIO ; Sumner noon 
Series presents Dr. Carl Hubbs, 
" African Safari- A Brief Incursion 
Into the Pleistocene." 

I :30 p.m., USB 3070; Plasma 
Physics Seminar. Dr. Robert 
LaQjey , .. Experimenal 

Measurement of Low Frequency 
Oscillations in the High Beta 
Magnetospheric Plasma." 

4 p.m., USB 3070 ; High Energy 
Physics Seminar, Mr. Don Tow, 
Lawrence Radiation Lab, "Scaling, 
Deep Inelastic Electron-Nucleon 
Scattering , and the Multi-
peripheral Model. " 

4 p.m., USB 2622 ; Astrophysics 
and Space Physics Seminar, Dr. 
Rowan - Robin so n , London 
University, " Dean Galaxies." 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Alpha Pbi Omega Tri-Annual Book 
Excbange-is now being beld in tbe 
Blake Conference Room from 10 
a.m. to 4 p.m. daily until Saturday, 
January 9. Buy or sell used books. 

On Tuesday, January IZ tbe 
Departmeat of Literature will 
present a lecture by Edouard 
Rodity on surrealist art. Tbe 
lecture will be in 20-1330 at 4 p.m. 

Tbe Premedical / predenta l 
advisory program has been moved 
to the Muir College campus, 
building 20, 6th floor . The phone 
number is still ext. 2401. 

If you care enough to help other 
people , take the opportunity to 
discover how you can be of service. 
Come to the Agency Faire next 
Monday and Tuesday from 11 a.m. 
t02 p.m. on the Revelle Plaza. 

Classes allhe orth Shores Adult 
School have begun for th Winter 
Quarter . If you would like 
information regarding their course 
offerings call 273-3221. 

CLASS I FI EDS 

For Sale 

KLH 20 Complete Stereo Unit 
Sony TC355 Reel to Reel Tape 
Deck and 50 1800 ft reels "f Sony 
PRISO tape . Best offer for each 
item: call Ron Gardner, 121 N 
Sierra, Solana Beach 755-7664. 

Sea of Joy 
" x 7' waterbeds, guaranteed. 
$40. 230 N. Cedros, Solana 
Beach, or Mike Baser, H-74, 
Muir dorms . 

Find the Photo Shack in La 
Jolla and get your films de-
veloped well but cheaply i near 
Safeway, near Texaco. Kodak 
and Minolta cameras and ac-
cessories . 

20 slides at 
S1.19 

super 8 movies 

Services 

Typing ..• Experienced typ-
ist .. . term papers, theses. 
Electric typewriter. Will do 
rush jobs. 453-6835. 

LORANCHET-Goodman studio, 
La Jolla . Custom Designed 
Wedding Bands and Sets, un-
usual and striking. Complete 
facilities for Custom Centrifu-
gal Casting . 459-9248. 

campus Rep. Needed 
Write to : Jack Green 
International Tent Retreats 
350 East 84th Street 
New York, New York 

10028 

THE GOLDEN OLDIE FILM SOCIET 
presents 

The January Film Festival 

JAN.16 
JAN.23 
J'AN.30 

BUS STOP with Marilyn Monroe 
HORSE FEATHERS with The Marx Brothers 
THE CAINE MUTINY with Humphry Bogart 
ON THE WATERFRONT with Marlon Brando 
MIDSUMMER'S NIGHT DREAM 
Royal Shakespeare Company with Dianne Rigg 
THE ANATOMY OF A MURDER 
with James Stewart, Ben Gazzara, Lee Remick 

TICKETS IN ADVANC'E-LIMITED NUMBER 
$1.50 TOTAL-GOOD ALL THREE NIGHTS 

PLACE TIME 
Sumner Auditorium Jon. 16-23-30 6:30 

Tickets available at Arts and Lecture Office-
Urey Hall and 105 Me. See Nora Aust 


