
Volume I I, Numlter 6 

Third College: 
Hope" for The 
Third World 

Yesterday the Regents of the University of 
California, meeting in San Francisco, heard a 
progress report from Chancellor York and 
Third College Provost Watson. The subject 
before the Educational Policy Committee was 
UCSD's Third College. The new college, 
approved last spring by the Regents, was on 
their docket for the first of many Regental 
check-ups. Regent Glen Campbell precautioned 
last spring that Third College " was an 
experiment" and a ked that it "be watched 
carefully" and asked for periodic reports. 

What has currently fascinated educators 
across the nation , two years ago had little 
chance of becoming Third College. In March of 
1969. a group of Blacks and Browns changed the 
direction of forthcoming Third College. Angela 
Davis, silting at one end of a long oval table in 
the Chancellor 'S Conference room poke words 
that led to the downfall of Provost Rapaport's 
carefully contrived plans for Third College as a 
social science school , and his resignation a 
Provost. 

"Contradictions which sustained America in 
the past are now threatening to anihilate the 
entire societal edifice. Black slave labor laid 
the basis of the American economy, ... " Miss 
Davis said speaking on behalf of 60 Black and 
Brown students who had crowded into the room 
to present a solid front for their demands for 
"Lumumba Zapata" college. 

Such was the scene when it all began. During 
the following summer a Third College 
Academic Plan replaced the demands for LZ 
College, and scholarly prose replaced the 
original rhetoric which created such a stir. 
Given an impossible deadline, the Third College 
planners met a n August 1 completion date 
during a hectic summer of planning and 
development. The academic plan the students 
developed over the summer was impressive but 
radical in its orientation. " The faculty was 
afra id of radical rhetoric and black and brown 
student control of the college, " said Dr. Gabriel 
Jackson, currently chairman of the Academic 
Senate. In the end , many of the principles of the 
original Lumumba-Zapata demands were 
incorporated into the academic plan, but the 
controversial admissions variance was 
eventually dropped after going through the 
Academic Senate and before the Regents 
approved it. " An admissions procedure," says 
Third College Provost Joseph Wcttson ... is the 
main task before us in the coming year." 

From the time the demands were read by 
Angela Davis and the Academic Senate granted 
it approval in April for a go ahead on the 
summer planning, a slow and bureaucratic 
admi nistration, faced by what then were radical 
propo als , fru strated the Black-Brown 
coalition. A spur-of-the-moment decision 
according to so me participants led 
approx imately 50 students to break into and 
occupy the Registrar 's Office on Matthews 
Campus. The 50 students ended their occupation 
90 mi nute later when informed that the enate 
had pas ed the Varon resolution , which was to 
drama tically change the direction of Third 
College in their favor . 

The Varon re olution provided for a 
reconstitution of the faculty of Third ollege so 
that those with a commitment and intere t in 
minority education could be included . It al 0 
provided for extensive student partiCipation in 
the planning of the college. 

From such confrontation, Th Third College 
wa born at UC D. This year, it doors have 
opened amid a flurry of controversy. 

ons rvative faculty memb r have contend d 
that Third College has radical student , an 

. unqualifi d faculty and a revolutionary 
curriculum . Third ollege officials vehem ntly 
deny th charg s, supported by hancellor 
York. 

Provo t Watson denounced the criti ism, 
saying no on ha ver made harg to hi 
face . but rath r behind hi back . II say. the 

(continued on page 10) 

Rich Heimlich 
City Editor 

University of California, San Diego Friday, Odober 16, 1910 

Regent's Meeting 

York, Watson Give 
Progress Report 
To Regents Carl Neiburger taff riter 

The Regents Committe on Educational 
Policy showed serious concern about the role of 
the Third College board of directors at their 
meeting yesterday. Chancellor Herbert York 
and Provost Joseph Watson were repeatedly 
asked by members of the committee about the 
role of lhe board of directors in hiring faculty . 

Regent Dean A. Watkin began the 
questioning after introductory remarks by York 
and Watson by asking what the role of students 
in hiring was. In the ensuing discussion York 
and Watson explained that the Board of 
Directors provided additional screening of 
potential faculty members in addition to the 
traditional hiring proce . They pointed out that 
all appointment proposals originated with the 
department involved . while the actual decision 
concerning the hiring rest with the chancellor. 

No Faculty Opposition 
In re ponse to questioning York, who was 

Vice-Chancellor for Graduate tudies at the 
time that the hiring took place. said that there 
was no faculty oppo ilion to any appointment 
that was made. although there were everal 
controversial ca es regarding the rank and the 
salary the appointee hould receive. In 
general . he said, both the chancellor and the 
faculty committees "aired on the side of 
offering too little to persuade faculty members 
to come to UCSD, and with the large demand for 
minority faculty many private colleges offer far 
higher salaries than the university of California 
i able to." 

York and Watson explained that tudents 
mainly have to determine the uitability of 
pro pective faculty members in undergraduate 
teaching. While the department are upposed 
to con ider candidate' qualifications in 
leaching a well as in re earch. they tend for 
the most part to overlook teaching ability in 
favor of research ability Chancellor York noted 
that " review by the provo t has become the 
point where undergraduate teaching receives 
emphasis." 



~ 

Registration W •• k 

Knowledge ond Skill 
Shored of Free U. 

"The Free University of San Diego is based on 
the concept of non-<:oercive education. Classes 
are taught by non-saJaried volunteers who have 
skill or knowledge to share. Since there are no 
grades or credit given, students attend classes 
pw-ely to learn," stated George Lewbel of the 
Free U. 

The new fall catalogue states: "Anyone may 
teach anything," and the cow-ses offered are . 
greatly varied. Some cow-se tiUes are "Basic 
Volkswagen Repair," "Rock Music Workshop," 
"Underwater Photography," "Ten-Speed Bi-
cycle Repair and Riding Technique," and 
"Writing Workshop for Radical Feminists." 

Ii. class titled "street Truckin' " is directed 
toward urban survival. "The cow-se will be a 
fact-finding commission whose aim is to produce 
a book : Street Person's Guide to Greater San 
Diego." 

A field cow-se in gastronomic marine biology 
and inter-tidal ecology describes itself as "in-
vestigating foul slime, edible and non-edible 
clams, creepy<rawlies, mud and ooze . Field 
trips to swamps, tide pools, salt works, and mud 
flats . With luck we'll eat some products of the 
sea and get into Mexico to dig mud. Meets . 
sporadically depending on free time and tides ." 

The teachers of the Free U are all people who 
are well qualified in their subject, explained 
Lewbel. Ollie Ryder, whose class is on pesti-
cides, is involved in research on pesticides in the 
Biology Department here. Bodine, who is 62, will 
lead a three to five month bivouac in Colorado 
and has been traveling around the country this 
swnmer talking to other free schools and getting 
more people together for the trip. 

This is the third trimester of the San Diego 
Free U. It was begun last year by a group of 
people from Scripps and UCSD, and was 

modeled after the Free Universities of Berkeley 
and the mid-peninsula. Although on the tri-
mester system, most classes continue as long as 
the students want them, and when the last 
classes end, a new catalogue comes out . 

Lewbel explained that although some mem-
bers are very political, the Free U takes no 
political stand. He stated that ''the Free U is a 
good forum for people to get together to share 
knowledge, and is open to all sides," Most 
classes are taught in homes in the Del Mar and 
La Jolla areas at night or on weekends. 

Since most members of the Free U are 
students or staff members of UCSD, the Free U 
provides communication between the com-
munity and the University of California. Lewbel 
also said, "most communities never get some-
thing like the Free U started, and UCSD is a good 
source of people who are interested and willing 
to work with it." 

The Free U has continued to enlarge each 
session . The enrollment in the summer was 
approximately one hundred students. Because 
the Free U is a non-profit non-funded 
organization the five dollar registration fee is 
now paying for the printing of catalogues. The 
Free U is hoping to rent a building soon for 
classes, and Lewbel said that tools for such 
things as automotive repair and welding might 
eventually be pw-chased to loan to members of 
the Free U. 

Registration will take place this week until 
October 17 at 9515 Poole street, near UCSD, from 
noon to 8 p.m. daily. The $5.00 registration fee 
entitles you to take as many cow-ses as you wish. 
Catalogues will be given out in Revelle Plaza 
from 12-1 p.m. Monday through Friday of this 
week, Late registration is also possible by at-
tending the first class meeting. 

Freedom 

McGill, York, alk to Miu ConvQcation 

Earl Warren to Speak 
ot Muir Todoy 

A convocation honoring the members of the 
first freshman class of John Muir College and 
celebrating the college 's move to a permanent 
campus will be held today on the Muir College 
campus. 

Former Chief Justice of the United States 
Earl Warren. one of four people selected to 
receive Honorary Fellowships at the 
convocation, will be the main speaker. Others 
being named as Honorary Fellows are Dr , Jonas 
Salk, director and resident fellow of the Salk 
Institute for Biological Studies; Dr. William 
McGill, president of Columbia University and 
former chancellor of UCSD; and Dr. Hannes 
Alfven, professor of applied physics in 
residence at UCSD and an authority on the 
evolution of the solar system. Unable to attend 
the convocation are Dr. Salk a nd Dr. McGill. 
Scheduled to accept Dr. Salk 's award for him is 
Dr. Maarten Chrispeels, assistant professor of 
biology a1 UCSD, Dr. George Mandler, 
chairman of the UCSD Department of 
Psychology, will receive Dr. McGill 's award . 

John Muir Co lege admitted its first students 
in the fall of L967 , Classes were held in 
temporary builrl in,gs on the Matthews Campus 
until the colleg ! moved to its new, permanent 
quarters direc 'N north of UCSD's Revelle 
College last yea r 

The convocat on, scheduled for 2 p.m., will be 
held on the Mu r Lollege Greens lv<'dkd in the 
center of the ~ew Muir College campu . The 
public is invLed and those attending are 
requested to lri ng pillows or blankets for 
sealing on the I( wn areas. 

Muir College classes will be dismissed from 2 
to 4 today to allow st udents to take part in the 
convocation. T le offi ial party will be led by 
Dr. John Stewart. provost of Muir College. who 
will welcome vi itors , The invocation will be 
offered by the R v. Louis Evans, Jr . Vice-
Chancellor Clifford Grobstein. representing 
UCSD hancellor H rbert York who will be 
away from the campus on busin S5, will extend 
greetings. and Craig A. Starr, a Muir 'oil ge 
senior. Will peak on b half of Muir stud nts. 
Warren will arriv in San Diego from 
Washington . D. C., on Octob r 15 

More Defense Work on (ompus? 
or 

(Request for females government issue) 
Jeff fried 

Your sometimes reporter is proud to announce his first scoop 
of the quarter. The following sign was almost seen on campus. 

We need girls, girls, girls 
ages 18-30. There will be a 
dance party for all Marines 
at the 195th Birthday Ball 
on November 7, 1970. Del Mar 
Enlisted Club. Camp Pendleton 
California. Buffet dinner-dance 
6:30p.m. 
Attire: Cocktail dresses 
you may drive your own car 
or transportation will be 
provided by contacting 
Bldg. 250MC 453-2000, no later 
than 28 October 1970. 
Pick up 250 MC 5:00 p.m, 
Return 250 MC 2:00 a.m. 

No decision has yet been made as to this invitation. 
This reporter feels that it would be completely unfair to 

UCSD coed 's (a nd gay liberation) to deny the campus this 
invitation. What could be more thrilling than a dance with one 
of our men in uniform. What a chance to find out how the other 
half lives (a nd dies l. It is still not too late however , all patriots 
wi hin~ to sign up 'should contact the Triton Times and we will 
tell them where to go. . 

Note : This request wa received on campus from Camp 
Pendleton. It has not yet been approved by the powers to be . 
The very wording of the request is yet another example of the 
medieval minds of the military. 

ALICE 
TONIGHT 8:00 GYM 

Page 2 T,iton Times October 16, 1970 

WE-NEED GIRL5,GIRL6! 
AGE518-30.· BE A 
DANOE PARTNER fOR 
OUR MARINE8 AT THE 
185l!1BIRllIDAV BAlL 
ON 7 NOV. 1370. DEl 
MAR ENLI8TED GLUB 
GAMP PENDLETON,CAL. 
BUFFET DINNER-
DANGE-G:3D PM 
A7T1l!{;. . COCKTAIL /JfU"~ 
lOll MAY PI/IVI rOIlJ..' OWN CAR OR 
71..'ANSP'OI;:7ATlON WIU Rl. P1?/YtI//Jl{;J BY 
Co';-tAtnN6 5 a 2~~ MA"NUII 
CAMpUS, 1/~!J-2-lJ{)().£ XT 1131, - N6 LA T~ 17IMI 
28 OdT /tj10 . 
PIIK-UP AT 2~() MATT/I'W~ t AlrfPU!-51'N 
f!L7UKN Tb 250 MATT"'W~ (AMPrI~ -2 :10 AM. 

Muir dorm s loom behind model of new staden.( apartments. 

Student Apartments: 
Concrete Guinega Pigs 

Rod Lorang 

In case you haven't heard yet, what they're 
building over at Muir are reInforced concrete 
guinea pigs, and they 're scheduled for 
completion next fall. Starting then, the complex 
of eight major buildings (and a central laundry) 
will house 320 students in 68 apartment units -
apartments complete with kitchenettes, living 
areas, separate bedrooms, private decks, and 
hot and cold running water in every unit's 
bathroom 

The buildings will be four stories high. 
External appearance will be basic Muir -
textured concrete, with no paint. Stairways will 
be external. You can get a good idea of the 
appearance of the buildings from the picture 
above. For an idea of the size, visit the 
construction site. The walls on a couple of 
buildings are going up now, and all the buildings 
will have about that much space per floor . For 
unit size, divide by two, as there will be two 
units per story. 

According to the descriptions given by Mr. 
Don McCartey, project architect, the buildings 
will be built on two different ground levels. The 
outer four buildings (away from Muir 
Commons) will have a ground floor one story 
lower than the inner four. Walks will connect 
the buildings at floors two, three and four . Two 
of the eight structures will have full-roof decks, 
for use by a ll tenants. The ground floors of two 
other buildings will be given over to office s for 
the resident dean, counselors, and residence 
halls manager. Laundry and vending areas will 
be in a seperate one story building. Plans also 
call for a TV lounge and kitchenette for the 
campus at large. 

Individual units are designed for four or five 
s.tudents. The four-student unit will have three 
bedrooms - two singles and a double. The five-
student unit will add another single. Stoves will 
be "apartment size;" decks will open off the 
living area. • 

Not every thing is as typical as the floor plan, 
though. The way the complex is coming into 
being is of interest to colleges and universities 
nation-wide, including other UC campuses. The 

reason is that the "Component University 
Residential System" under which the project 
was conceived and is being built represents a 
new approach to construction. The system was 
formulated by the University of California in 
conjunction with the Ford Foundation, and UC 
plans to house 2,500 students with the system, on 
various campuses. The Muir complex is the 
first to be built, and so it is being closely 
watched. 

Two things make the system unique. First, 
the buildings are treated as five separate 
projects, or " components.'· (The components 
on this project are structure-ceiling , partitions, 
bath units, heating-ventilation , and furnitur~ .) 
Second, the components are not offered for bids 
by final design, but by a list of requirements. 
For example, partitions are required to have 
certain degrees of mobility and sound-
resistance, with the additional speCification 
that they must accept a standardized wall-hung 
furniture component. A company then designs a 
component to fulfill {he requirements, and 
enters a bid , Final design and bid are accepted 
together. 

The system has run into a few problems. All 
the bids for the bath component were 
considered too high. and were rejected, as was 
the one bid received for furniture . Work is on 
schedule on the structure-ceiling, though. When 
this component is done, there will be an empty 
shell , with no internal walls or facilities except 
in-noor conduits for ventilation, plumbing and 
electricity. 

This basic flex ibility will be retained when the 
internal walls are installed . Those walls around 
bath and kitchen facilities will be permanent, 
bu t non-supportive, so they can be ripped out if 
the building is put to a different use. All other 
walls will be movable by university crews (bu t 
not by students). Ideas on wha t would be 
appropriate in the way of furniture may be 
sought from the students at a later date , says 
Mr. McCartey. 

Meanwhile, the line forms on the left. 

Mecha: 
.~ 

Pride And 
Educotion For The Chicono 

Ro e DeCosta 

"The name of this organization shall be 
Movimeinto Estudiant il Chicano de Aztlon 
(Mecha ), hereinafter called MechajUCSD. The 
purpose of this organization shall be to promote 
educational programs and a sense of pride for 
the Chicano in the United States and 
elsewhere." (TAKE FROM MECHA's 
PROPOSED CONSTITUTION) 

According to Ana Cardenas, chairman of 
Mecha/ UCSD, Aida Blancos, vice chairman. 
and Sylvia Enrique, secretary, "Mecha is an 
organization geared to all aspects where 
Chicanos can expand . We arc concerned wi~h 
the betterment of the Chicanos t1irough cultural 
and community action." 

Mecha /UCSD belongs to a string of tightly 
knitted Mecha organizations throughout the 
state. It's list of pa st achievements marks 
Mecha/ UCSD as a highly organized and 
motivated group on campus as well as off. 

RECRUITMENT OF CHICANO STUDENTS 
ON CAMPUS: this was Mecha's goal and the 
prime reason for its formation at UCSD. Ana 
Cardenas feels that this was one of Mecha 's 
most successful attempts to bring about 
betterment for the Chicanos. " Three years ago, 
there were only 16 chicanos here on the campus. 
Today, there are about 300 with prospects of 300 
more to come," ~he says. 

A na Cardenas 
MEClIA 

Attempts Made to Fulfill Goals 
Mecha makes many attempts to fulfill their 

goals and pllrposes. Huelga, a committee which 
supports the boycott of non-union farm 
products, tries to raise funds and in general 
tries to improve the living conditions of farm 
workers is in association with Mecha . Last 
year, UCSD became quite involved with the 
Grape Strike. Chavez had invited all the Mechas 
to Coachella Valley, the center of the boy cott. 
Mecha jUCSD went on a fund-raising campaign 
and managed to make enough money to provide 
food [or all those who went to Coachella Valley. 

This Huelga committee has extended itself to 
boy-cotting COORS beer. "The reason for this 
boycott", says Aida Blancos. " is that COORS in 
Denver Colorado didn 't hire the ratio of 
minority workers that they were supposed to 
and underpaid those they had. It was found out 
that other COORS companies carried this 
similar policy throughout. " 

Presently on Mecha 's agenda for future 
activities are fighting for a cultural center at 
the Ford building , working on the Chicano Park 
in Southeast San Diego, and reacquiring 
Neighborhood House. 

" We want a culture center at the Ford 
Building. We had one before. It was used as such 
and promi ed to us by City Manager Hanh. The 
chicanos got kicked out and Hanh went back on 
his word. " Blancos said . 

Money, land cape, and land were granted by 
the City of San Diego to provide a park for the 
Chicano Community. Located underneath the 
Coronado Bay BrIdge, the park still needs 
playgrounds, art attractions and other park 
features . 

The Neighborhood House is another issue that 
Mecha is working on. This house was built and 
privately donated to the Chicanos and set up as 
a teaching center. Later, this house was taken 
over by the government and the programs 
started becoming irrelevant to Chicano needs. 
An effort is being made to get back 
Neighborhood House back to the community. 

Not Political Orttanization 
These are some of the Issues that Mecha is 

working on. Ana Cardenas and Aldo Blancos 
both agree, " Mecha is a cultural organization 
designed for the betterment of the Chicano 
community. We are not a poli tical organization 
but because of our attempts for betterment, we 
do encounter politics. Mecha is not political in 
nature and we don't want it to be political. 
However, our pursuits in the community 
sometimes do not divorce us from politics." 

An example of this was the recruitment of 
Faustina Solis to the Community Medicine 
Department at UCSD. She is the first Chicano in 
the Med School and she is working on 
community health programs. According to 
Aida, Mecha had to add pressure to this issue by 
talking to the Vice Chancellor and Dean 
Grobstein. "They wouldn't hire her at first 
because her qualifications weren' t up to 
standards. She has no PHD and no degree. She 
is presently performing a job and getting the 
equivalent paying salary. Though she has no 
degree, she was formerly head of the Farm 
Workers Association and has organized 48 
health centers in the Bay area alone", Aida 
Blancos remarked. 

For the surrounding area . Mecha 's 
community efforts had started a "Chicanito 
Program" in La Jolla . Here Saturday classes 
were held for the children. This program went 
off to such a good start that it has now been 
turned into an actual daycare center. run by the 
children's mothers. Other programs of similar 
type are hoping to be started . especially at the 
Neighborhood House. 

"To better the Chicano community." This is 
the stated goal of Mecha. Thus far , it has tried 
to by means of a strong sense of community 
involvement. What thi entails for Mecha is to 
se k out programs of improvement, and inform 
Chicanos and minorities about the privilege 
and services free to them by the federal 
government or private agencies. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

university city ph.armacy D I YI RS 

'--------

",kI I I ' ... ti • •• ry 
art • • "ri," 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 
Tuc. tbru Fri . 

9:30 - 7:30 
Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 

Closed Sun, &. Mon, 
233 - 8328 

lIalllll ,k el'''. 
,a rt, •• d. 

nortII coast stationers 
127 •• , tll lIilh •• , 181 " Ianl bull 

7&6-4123 

' lfin .... 11 .. lelll.1 . . .... Ii .. 

fr .. dllivlry to umpus 
~peci.1 prlScription prices for students & faculty 
close to clmpus 

453 -4455 
university city shopping center 3338 governor drive 

H. ,,"'cPj"/lIe ... 1 S &. j""'i,l" 
f!ducat;oll , IW(,(Jnlin~ /JoIJPrIJn('k" 
'"''''' I, /, i/O$'' ,'/''' mn'(J:.ifl(,,~ 
chiill'NI ' .• bo"k.. pIMI(>'.~ 
li..,;un. pOf'lr.v g~ 'f'(·or(l .~ JOY ('0 rtl t; 

Mow ..... and 411(OYtf 

C>O 

DEl MAR EARIH.SONG BOOK STORE 
1440 Camino del Mar • Del Mor • 755-4254 

LOOKING FOR BARGAINS IN 
DIVING EQUIPMENT? 

CHECK THESE PRICES! 
$10772 cubic ft . J valve tonk and boot just $58 
$95 %" nylon lined U.S. Divers wetsuit $49.95 

$60 U.S. Diver~ Regulator $39.95 
lifetime guor~ntee 

$21 Arbolete U ,So Divers spea 'gun $1 3.95 
All tank sales include I yem free air 

, $1.35 snorkel only $.79 I~ 
NEWENGLAND DIVERS, INC. 

3860 ROSECRANS ST. SAN DIEGO, CA. 92118 
298-0531 ACroM from Whit. Front 

THIS AD WORTH ONE DECAL PEl CUSTOMER 

Triton Time, October 16, 1970 Page 3 



Centr I Library 
Begins Operation 

John l\1uwell 
Associale Cily Edilor 

"I think the building has been well desi~ned .. In t~rms .of its func~ion, it does the 
job it's supposed to do." Mel Voigt, university libranan, describes the newly 
opened Central Graduate Research .Li~rary in .this way. . . . 

In full operation only since the begmnmg ~f thiS quarte.r, the hbrary IS facmg a 
few operational difficulties. The most annoYing problem IS only a teI!l~rar'y one. 
None of the shelves are labeled. This obviously creates enormous difficultIes for 
the user. Like the remainder of the problems, this lack of labels stems from the 
enormous cuts made in the library's budget. 

Budget Cuts Cause Staff Shortages 
Assistant University Librarian Joseph Gantner explains, "As a result of budget 

cuts, we are 25 staff positions short." Although the shelves won't be labeled before 
the end of this quarter, "there are going to be charts and maps so that at least 
when you get off the elevator you don't have to stumble around blindly." 

Staff shortages have also created short hours in the special collections depart-
ment and the placing of reserve books behind the circulation desk. 

Another common complaint concerns the long wait for the elevators, the only 
way to go from floor to floor . For safety and security .reasons,. the stairw~~s are 
rigged with alarms and are only for emergency use. VOigt explams, "We ongmally 
requested three elevators but cuts in our budget left us with funds for only two. If 
the situation becomes bad enough, the stairs can, with some modification, be 
opened between the upper floors." 

Many students also complain about the location of the library. Just north of the 
Matthews Campus, the library is directly in the center of the 12 campuses planned 
for UCSD. It is primarily a graduate library, and undergraduate needs are to be 
fulfilled by undergraduate "cluster" libraries in various locations. The Humani-
ties Library will now serve as the cluster library for Revelle, Muir , and Third 
Colleges. 

High School "Hangout" Develops 
A new problem has developed during the evening and weekend hours. Large 

numbers of high school students have adopted the library as a "hang-out" and 
have brought with them a disturbing amount of noise. Voigt suggests that, "we 
will, if the situation continues, have to initiate some system of checking identifica-
tion in order to ease the problem, at least at night and on weekends." 

Despite the problems, however, Alice Pastoruis, director of circulation, reveals 
that library usage is up from last year. In fact , the advantages that the new library 
has over the old HL are infinite. 

The obvious advantage is that of the tremendous increase in space. Departments 
are no longer cramped together and carrels are no longer located on main express-
ways. Because of a low ceiling structure, sound does not echo. 

The books are divided between the floors by subject; aisles are more organized 
and less cramped. The books are surrounded by comfortable and attractive furni-
ture, not made of metal and plastic vinyl, but of wood with upholstered backs. 
Almost every reading area has a panoramic view of the expanses of trees and hills 
surrounding UCSD. 

The library is surrounded by an enormous but as yet undeveloped plaza. No 
funds are currently available for either its development or the landscaping around 
the library. Until such funds are available, chaparral will be planted around the 
building. 

An Inexpensive Project 
Many first impressions of the library, especially those who see it first at night 

glowing on top of the hill, are that because of its impressive architecture, it was an 
overly expensive project. Gantner explains, "Actually this library is very inex-
pensive for a major library in California. This is due largely to the economy of 
using exposed concrete rather than a finished material . Conceived only five years 

a~o, the building was erected at a cost of 5.2 million dollars." 
The library is, however, more than an aesthetic and comfortable study room. 

The fastest growing library in the University of California system, its budget calls 
for the addition of 75,000 volumes this year. "Sometime in November, the total 
UCSD collection will reach three.quarters of a million volumes," Voigt stated. 

First Floor to Store Maps 
Although originally intended to be only a very quiet reading and study area, staff 

cuts have forced the underground first floor to become the depository of govern-
ment documents. This floor will soon house over 25,000 "Army" maps. Gantner 
explains, "Almost overnight we will become a major map depository for the Ar-
m&~' the second floor , the periodicals room houses 3,000 different current issues 
arranged conveniently by subject. 

The fourth floor was originally designed to house an extensi ve tape and record 
collection with 40 listening stations. Budget cuts have reduced it, however , to an 
empty "Arts and Music" desk and the university's collection of art books. And no 
one should miss the special collections department on the eighth floor. That's 
where they keep all the dirty books. 

Rf'adlllf( nrf'ns lYlll f alh- olf'rlllok lhr' pmwmnlll IIf Ire('!! urrounding Ihe 
IW It " '"lruillbrar,.. 

Page 4 Triton Times October 16, 1970 

Framed by Ihe trees of Malhews campus, Ihe new centra l library dwarfs University Librarian Mel Voigt 

Budge l cuts ha ve lefl many shelves as well as slaff positions unfilled. 
The circulation desk must also handle the undergraduate reserves. 

Competition for C~lifornio 
State Scholarships Announced 

If you are planning to continue to attend college in the fall of 1971 and believe 
you need scholarship a~sistance, you should apply for a California State 
Scholarship now. A student who has received a California State Scholarship in the 
past will continue to rp.ceive thIS award providing he is in good standing with the 
university and making norma l progress towards a degree. He must also continue 
to demonstrate financial need . 

As a result of the enactment of the Monagan Scholarship Bill, the number of 
State Scholars selected in the Spring of 1971 for enrollment in 1971 /72 will be 
increased to 9,300, compared to 6,023 this year. Allocation of scholarships :am.ong 
high school seniors, colle~e freshman , college sophr:t0res,. and college JUnIors 
will continue to be proportIOnal to the number of appltcants In each ca tegory. At 
UCSD, State Scholarship Awards will be given in the amount of $300, $500, and 
$600 according to the student's financial need. 

A new academic selection system will be initiated this year. Winners will be 
chosen on the ba sis of grade-point average and the total of verbal and math 
scores on the SAT Scores from SAT examinations administe red after November 
1. 1969. may be u ed (See California Scholarship Application for further 
instructions.) If you have taken the SAT prior to November I, 1969, you must 
retake thi examination. 

The ommission is using two administrations of the SAT, cheduled for 
November 7. 1970, and December 5, 1970. The cores [rom sub quent 
examinations will not be accepted . Students are urged to register for the 

ovember administration as a precaution agai nst unfore een problems, which 
might prevent their appearance on the D cember te t date . The final filing date 
without penalty for the November 7, 1970, admini tration is October 7.1970. and 
for the December 5, 1970, admini tration November 1B, 1970. 

All lUdents planning to apply for a Stat S holarship mu t have a SOCial 
S ('urity number since thi s becomes the identification number in the State 
Scholarship Program. The filing deadline for Stat holarship application ' is 
Decemb r 3, 1970. The ommis ion will not accept an application post-marked 
after that date 

In th ab enee of a minimum composit seore set by th alifornia State 
Scholarship and Loan 'omrnisslon. the Financial Aid s Office recommends that 
students who have a grade-point average of 2.5 or b tter. a combined total score 
of at least 1,000 on the Malh and Verbal SAT, and who can dem nstrate and for 
monetary ass istanc . apply for this scholar 'hip ApplIcatIOns for th Scholastic 
Aptitude Test and the Slate Scholarship Award ' may b obtained at the Finanrial 
AIds o rrice , BUilding 250 Me They also ha ve a suppl y of form S::; ·5 (Application 
fora SS card ). 

All students above the mlDlmu m composite score Ito b(' det('rmined after 
Inttial prO<' 'sslng of applira l10ns I Will be notified on or about January 28. 1971 . 
that they arc seml-flnait ; ts and Will lh n b r>qulr 'd to 'ubmll a Parents' 
Confidential Financial Statement All qu stlons ("ont rnlng th program should 
b dlr 'c t d to the Financial Alds OfllcC 

(Photos by John Maxwell) 

The Slacks: 
liD CHARGER' 
FLARES 
No-iron solids, stripes 
and plaids. 
$10 to$11 . 

A·1 '. heel·to·toe .Ienl. 

liD 
The Action 
Man Slacks 

( 'hristh'-JIj 

~~Mate 
Fashion ond Casuol 

(lolhes for Men 
459-5323 

7914 Girard 
La Jolla 

Mutual Put-On 

AI (opp Drows Full House 
In Comical Routine 

AI Capp, noted cartoonist and satir,ist , drew a 
full house of nearly 2000 people to the UCSD 
gymnasium Tuesday night but , as it turned out, 
less than a third got to hear the bulk of his 
remarks . Capp left the stage after about 15 
minutes, later stating : "This is the first time I 
have ever left an audience and I've been on 278 
college campuses, This is the most rude treat-
ment I have ever received," 

Capp was persuaded to return and answered 
questions for nearly an hour for those who 
remained, many of whom had stayed around 
discussing the abruptness with which Capp had 
left the podium. 

A group of some 30 people had arrived with 
signs like "Heads for Capp," and they cried out 
in mock approval of Capp as he proceeded 
through a comic monologue that consisted of 
answering questions supposedly mailed in 
previously. The group had come from Dr. Bill 

Wilde's class in communications. "Someone in 
class suggested that it would be groovy to go 
over there and see and communicate with 
Capp," Wild;! told the TRITON TIMES. How-
ever , he would not confirm or deny whether the 
guerilla-theatre action had been planned in 
class . 

Trades Jeers With Hecklers 
Capp soon caught on to the intent of the group 

and traded sarcastic jibes with them. "That was 
a cry of ecstasy from a group of compulsive 
masturbators," said Capp. "Where was legal-
ized abortion when we needed it?" These 
remarks and others drew a lot of laughter from 
an audience that was greatly receptive to his wit . 

The group in back moaned and waved their 
hands about. Capp replied, "they had a group 
grope back there , and just found each other. 
Let 's hear from you when your complexion 
clears up ." 

BEER 
TALK 

III which the candid connoisseur 
answers questiolls about 
Beer, and the drillking 0/ same. 
DEAR ED: Every now and then, 
I see guys putting salt in their 
beer. What's it all about? 

ALFJE 
DEAR ALFIE: I'll tell you what 
it's about .. . it's about to drive 
me crazy! Now, I have nothing 
again t salt. On hard-boiled eggs. 
Or french fries . But not in my 
Bud . 

Putting salt in beer, some say, 
perks up the head ... or livens 
up the tas te ... makes the beer 
"drier." With Budwei er, though. 
all alt can do is make it sal ty . 
Beca u e Bud is alrcady just about 
perfect. 

So save the salt for the popcorn, please. We put heart, soul and our ex~lusive Beechwood 
Ageing into Budweiser. All you need to enjoy it is a glass ... or drink it rIght from the can, 
if that's your bag ... 
Beer questions? Write: Ed McMahon, Anheuser-Busch, Inc., 72 I Pestalo;:i SI., SI. Louis, Mo. 63J18 

Budweiser 
KING OF BEERS 

-NHEUSER.BUSCH. INC • ST LOUIS • N[WAR~ • lOS ANCElES • TAMPA . HOUSTON. COLUMBUS • JAC~SONVlll[ • MERRIMACK 

Before his quick exit, Capp went through 
several of the prepared questions : 
Q. Mr. Capp, what is your opinion of the Middle 
East situation? 
A. I think it is terrible for those two million 
bloodthirsty Israelis to terrify those 78 million 
Arabs. 
Q. Mr. Capp, what do you think of sex education 
in high school? 
A. I don 't think they should take it out of the 
neighborhood theatre. 
Q. Should unmarried teachers be allowed to 
teach sex education? 
A. Certainly; unmarried teachers are the only 
ones doing current research. 

Capp's walkout came after, in a sudden change 
of mood he threatened to leave if another disruptiv~ incident occurred. Scattered clapping 
provided this incident, and Capp walked off the 
stage . Some of those clapping were elderly 
supporters of Capp from the community who 
were approving the hard-line stance he was 
taking against the demonstrators. 

Demonstrators "Distracting" 
Although the demonstrators were grouped in 

the rear of the auditorium and did not actually 
try to drown him out, Capp claimed that they 
were distracting him. "I loved the debate, but 
only until it became physically painful. I mean 
you just can't concentrate with that noise and 
those signs waving in front of your face .': 

Outside the gym, as a group of students tned to 
talk him into coming back, Capp was asked why 
he had left. "A lot of people condescend to 
students, but I don't. I expect them to act like 
civilized people, not baying animals." 

After Capp returned he answered questions on 
several serious topics. Many of the exchanges 
between Capp and those that were asking 
questions continued to be hostile . 

Capp reacted strongly to the use of the word 
"pig" by one student. "Calling a man a pig just 
because he wears a blue uniform is racist. 
There's this phrase 'off the pig ' ":leaning k!-Il the 
pigs. The Nazis used the same thing, only It was 
'kill the Jews'! " . 

While declining to claim the label of either 
liberalism or conservatism for himself, Capp did 
call attention to his lifetime membership in the 

mens hairstyling 

NAACP since 1940. "The NAACP was the only 
thing going then , and my str~p was In a lot of 
southern papers. I ran a Six-week story on 
discrimination in 1940 and lost 27 southern news-
papers as a result. .. 

Capp: Lifetime Dissenters 
Capp said he has spent his whole life dissenting 

and "there isn't a L'il Abner strip that didn 't 
raise hell with the establishment." 

Recently his strip featured a barb at coll~ge 
recruitment of minorities, specifically an Indian 
program at Harvard. When questioned about 
this, Capp defended his views, claiming that 
such "indulgent" programs were racist. 

When asked about shootings of Blacks and 
college students, Capp replied that "your indig-
nation is selective . What a bout blowmg off a 
judge's head or blasting a university building, or 
killing a researcher ?" 

The SAN DIEGO U ION reported Wednesday 
that Capp required an escort by the San Die~o 
Police as he left the area . UCSD pohce chief 
Torrens said that this report was "just not true." 
One unicop was on duty to escort Mr. Capp, who 
is a partial cripple. 

Capp is not a newcomer to the college lecture 
tour nor to confrontations with students. In an arti~le of April , 1968, TIME magazin~ .ask~d : 
"Why are students willing to pay a millionatre 
cartoonist $3,000 a shot to insult them from a 
lecture platform? 'I think it 's a love-hate 
relationship, ' says Capp. " 

Said Capp in '68 : "The more I see of studen~, 
the more I dislike them." As for student acti-
vists he has compared them frequently to Nazis. D~ Spellens, Program Board Chairman, to~d 
the TRITON TIMES that the AS had not prod 
Capp for his appearance. The event was SJ>C?n-
sored jointly by the AS and the Camp~ Studies 
Institute, an organization that has se~t liter~ture 
to San Diego college students deplon~g radica!s 
and campus violence. It is not known If CSI prod 
Mr. Cappo 

CSI Disappointed 
A representative for CSI expressed disappoint-

ment in Capp's performance. "I think they (the 
students heckling ) were in the gutter and he 
rolled in the gutter with them." 

As for Capp, he felt that "the saddest thing was 
the majority of outraged students who just . sat 
there while those idiots broke up the meetmg. 
They wanted the man from out of town to quiet 
their animals. That 's ridiculous." 

Want to write-
see-

long hair our specialty 

Rich Heimlich 
T. T. City Editor 

I"oilt .. utl 
IVii I.bll 

755 - 3000 

d.1 .u ,IIZI 
310 f iftllnth Itrl" 

~II • ., 

Stop Inflation And Help Your Bro,hers 

All Types Y.W. 
Service . 

RebuIIi Engines 
1225 up 

Rebuill Transaxles 
1125 up 

/ 

~ 
Pull PUll 

hop 

for Enry 
DOl ',opl, 

Every Port 
For Your 

Bug 
NIWand 

USID 

\ 
Bird Rock Putt Putt hop 

South 631 Y2 La Jolla Blvd. 
454-0761 

Triton Times 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
7717 Fay 459-7355 

October 16, 1970 PageS 



triton till1.es 
Univenity of California, San Diego 

La Jolla, California 92037 
(714) 453·2000, ext. 1016, Advenising ext. 1017 

.Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The editorials exprened below ore arproved by the TRITON TIMES Editorial Board. All other opinions 
expresMCI on this page are those 0 the authors whose names appear in the bylines, and do not 
necessarily reflect the views of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring 10 submit material to be published in 
this section should send it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD. 

Get the Lead Out With # 18 
Ever wonder why you tend to get 

headaches driving in the city, why your 
furniture never looks all that clean, or 
why you might wind up with bronchitis 
four times a winter? It's because the 
air is poisoned. 

Before we cough ourselves into our 
own graves, however, it might be a 
good idea to look into Proposition 18. 
This proposition, appear,ing on the 
Nov . 3 ballot, will authorize"the use of 
revenues from gasoline tax and license 
fees for the control of environmental 
pollution caused by motor vehicles . 
The revenues will also be used, in part, 
for pub I ic transportation including 
mass transit systems. 

While motorists are not the sole 
culprits in the dangerously growing 
problem of vanish ing breathable air, 
they nevertheless contribute to the 
problem in no small way. Besides, no 
one should shirk from setting a prece-
dent in a time as crucial as now . 

Fighting pollution requires more 
than lip service and recognizing the 
problem. Enormous funds are needed 
to clear up the situation. Earl ier this 
year, for instance, the Assembly Select 
Committee on Environmental Quality 
reported that eliminating pollution and 
preserving the environment will cost 
from $3 to $5 billion over the next five 
to 10 years in California alone. 

Proposition 18 will initiate a mone-

tary commitment to get the ball rolling 
against perhaps one of the worst 
enemies of our age. Consider the 
recent statistics compiled by two Pitts· 
burgh economists, Dr. Lester B. Lave 
and Eugene P. Seskin of the Carnegie-
Mellon School of Industrial Ad minis· 
tration. Their study indicated that if 
air pollution were cut by 50 per cent in 
major cities: 
--A newborn baby would have an 

additional three to five years life 
expectancy. 

--Deaths from lung cancer and in 
fact all lung disease would be cut by 
25 per cent . 

--Death and disease from heart and 
blood vessel disorders might be cut 
by 10·15 per cent. 

-All disease and death would be 
reduced by 4.5 per cent yearly and 
the annual savings to the nation 
would be at least $2 billion. 
From these and a whole slew of other 

statistics it has become clear that 
abating air pollution is the single most 
important thing we can do to improve 
health. 

It has become almost em -
barrassingly clear that the citizenry 
will have to foot the bill if we are ever 
to clear -up our own mess . It's high 
time to get the lead out of more than 
gasoline . It's high time to support 
Proposition 18. 

On Capping on Capp 
AI Capp's appearance 

on campus Tuesday night 
presents amos t strange 
paradox . Here was a man 
who claimed to be a 
satirist by profession. 
Given a group of would -
be hecklers do ing a 
" Freaks for Capp " 
rout ine , he rose to the 
occas ion quite well . 
Amidst an audience 
polit ical ly hostile to 
Capp, his jokes, directed 
at the demonstrators, 
had the place in stitches . 
Capp seemed to be in his 
medium , and loving it. 

Yet Capp suddenly left 
the stage and labeled th is 
campus as giving him the 
worst reception ever . He 

cla imed that he was phy · 
sically pained and out· 
raged also. 

Now we do not condone 
outright heck I ing and feel 
that the syndrome of 
preventing other view· 
points from being heard 
on this campus has gone 
on for too long. But there 
are degrees, and Mr . 
Capp's statement that 
UCSD is the " worst" 
campus only proves that 
his previous sites must 
have been hand ·picked 
(Kansas State, 
perhaps?) . 

It became obvious that 
Mr . Capp had not come to 
engage in serious 
discussions (and this is 

·VJI4 ~lf l/ f!2. I'VP~jJfO To TH~ 
& 000 OL' D"'YS ? /I 

Page 6 T rifon Times October 16, 1970 

not meant as a criti -
cism). His act is 
precisely this, satirizmg 
and ridiculing his 
detractDrs . 

Since Capp was really 
not a serious figure, the 
"hecklers" were doing no 
more than he was. They 
were satirizing him and 
not really disrupting him. 
The ir acts came during 
the periods of laughter 
following his punch lines 
and it would be really 
stretching matters to say 
that he was unable to 
speak . One can only 
conclude that Capp 
wanted to make an issue 
out of the "heckling ." 

Although many 
students found Capp's 
remarks objectionable, 
to view the entire scene 
as anything but a ludi · 
crous comedy is giving 
Capp more credit than he 
deserves . 

The evening was a 
most entertaining one but 
raises several questions . 
The ease with which the 
San Diego Union caught 
on to the story and 
dis tor ted it makes us 
wonder if the whole affair 
was staged. Were we 
really just being put·on? 

Capp can scarcely 
complain about his 
reception . He got a little 
bit of his own medicine 
back and we wonder if it 
was any less tasteful than 
some of his more pointed 
barbs directed at the 
audiences . 

THE FACULTY 

Political ProhleDls 
of the University 

Gabriel Jackson, CbaJrman 
San Diego Division 

of the Academic Senate 
Over the last several years both the academic 

conununity and the general public have been 
increasingly concerned about politicalization of 
the university.Uke all abstract terms, political-
izationhas verydifferent meanings and connota-
tions when used by different persons. 

Personally, I believe that it is not only legiti-
mate but beneficial for all members of the 
academic community to be keenly interested in 
politics, to read a variety of political journals, to 
attend political rallies and discuss politiCS at 
meals or in dormitory bull sessions. None of the 
above activities constitutes for me a problem or 
politlcalization. 

Personal [nfJuences Bring Danger 
The danger arises if and when a professor 

chooses his course readings, or determines his 
attitude towards students or colleagues, in ac-
cordance with his political convictions. More 
generally, if political controversy absorbs a 
large part of the personal energies of professors 
and students, they cannot possibly pursue truth 
objectively, and the pursuit of truth is indeed the 
main goal of the academic life. 

I agree with those who feel that at this time we 
are in great danger of politicalizing the Uni-
versity in this bad sense of having our academic 
work and our personal attitudes adversely af-
fected by political passions. But most commen-
tators tend to blame the leftist students and 
faculty for this politicallzation, and at this point I 
part company with the majority of critics. 

Three Factors Involved 
Without going into long histories or great detail 

I believe [ can point to at least three factors 
which have inevitably politicalized the Uni-
versity of California in ways that adversely 
affect both the teaching process and research, 
and which are certainly not due to pressures 
from the left: 
1) The composition of the Board of Regents; 
2) The dependence of the University on federal 

funding ; and 
3) Racial injustice. 
Let me discuss each of these three factors 
briefly. 

It is stated in the Constitution of the State of 
California that the University shall be kept free 
of all political and sectarian influence. However, 
the Board of Regents includes the Governor and 
the Lieutenant Governor of the state, and ap-
pointments to the board have obviously been 
influenced by political considerations. One 
current member is the former appointments 
secretary of Governor Brown, and the present 
chairman of the board is the personal lawyer of 
the present governor of the state. In addition, 
several Regents have economic interests related 
to the Irvine Company, interests which inevi-
tably involve state political and financial 
questions. Thus, in the very governing board of 
the university there is a large element of 
political influence. 

Second Factor: Federal Funding 
The second factor which I have mentioned is 

the dependence on federal funding, largely 
funding through the Department of Defense. It is 
true, at least at UCSD, that far and away the 
largest portion of research dependent on such 
funding is done by professors who are free to 
pursue truth as they see it and who are working 
on problems of general interest to humanity such 
as the nature of the oceans or the problems of 
atmospheric pollution. But the university also 
runs a laboratory at Los Alamos which is 
devoted to the production of lethal weapons. 

In any case, there is an old saying that he who 
pays the piper calls the tune. If federal funding 
took the form of a general subsidy of the entire 
teaching and research operation it would be 
entirely welcome and without political danger . 
But when it comes predominantly from a single 
department, when the mission of that depart-
ment is military, and when United States mili-
tary forces are operating allover the world in 
pursuit of American political objectives, such 
federal funding inevitably constitutes a very 
dangerous kind of politicalization of the 
University. 

Final Element: Racial Injustice 
The final element to which I wish to call at-

tention is the acute problem of racial injustice. 
There have been innumerable abstract 
discussions of this problem but I think that, in the 
wake of the Angela Davis case it is worth 
looking very concretely at a specifiC situation. 

Miss Davis is alleged to have been criminally 
involved with the so<alled Soledad Brothers and 
these allegations, the truth of which cannot be 
known at the present time, have been the basis 
for a chorus of self justification by people who 
have said all along that she should never have 
been hired to teach philosophy at UCLA. There 
has been a great deal of publicity about the 
abominable kidnapping and shooting of a judge 
in the Marin County courthouse, but very little 
publicity in any newspapers of major circulation 
concerning the background of the Soledad 
Brothers. 

One of these brothers, George Jackson, was 
sentenced at the age of 18 to, from one year to 
life, for stealing $70 from a gas station. He is 
currently charged with the murder of a guard at 
Soledad Prison, and the preliminary investiga-
tion of the case has uncovered overwhelming 
evidence of all kinds of sadism and deliberate 
setting of whites against blacks within the 
prison. Anyone who lives in a white suburb 
knows that white, middle<lass boys caught 
shoplifting get off with warnings or suspended 
sentences, not sentences of one year to life. 

The obvious differential in the treatment of 
blacks against whites must, and in my opinion, 
very probably should, cause the deepest anger 
and revulsion in anyone, black or white, who 
becomes aware of such facts . It would seem to 
me absolutely impossible for the few blacks such 
as Angela Davis, who have "made it" in white 
society, not to turn their energies towards 
helping their poorer brothers. And it seems 
equally understandable that if those blacks are 
the victims of sadistic violence which is simply 
ignored by a complacent white society, that edu-
cated blacks and some of their white allies 
should go beyond conventional accepted political 
means in struggling for some modicum of racial 
justice. 

Core Problems 
In summing up, I should say that I agree with 

those who feel that the university is too 
politi~alized, and I know from my personal 
expenence how both my work and my relation-
shiP to students and colleagues have suffered 
from this politicallzation. But I do not think that 
the primary problem lies in the attitudes of the 
radical students. I think that before we can 

reve~se the dangerous trend of politicalization, 
we Will have at the very least to reconstitute as a 
truly non-political governing body the Board of 
Regents; we will have to end the university's 
dependence on federal funding from specific 
agencies with specific missions; and we will 

h~ve ~ move towards truly equal Justice for 
minOrity peoples in the United States. 

Catholic Student C en ter 
Masses each Sunday at 

Univer ity Lutheran Church 
La Jolla Shores Drive & 
Torrey Pines Rd. North 

8:30 a .m. 
5:00 p.m. 

Ph Religious Affa irs Office Home 
ones: 453-2000 X 1943 453-3850 ' 

Catholic Chaplins: 
Father Bill McAml iffe 
Father Ed Donova n 

The Third W orld- a Definition 
Carlos Monje 

I have personally found the university to be a 
most demanding experience for the people of. the 
Third World. Not because, as a racist theory 
taught here states, we are "genetically in-
ferior;" not because we are unprepared or un-
qualified as some (including Dr. Jack Douglas) 
have claimed without evidence; but because all 
true Third World people possess a strong deter-
mination to resist all forms of colonization by 
western culture. 

I could just say we are all colonized within the 
white educational system, but [ fear those whites 
and those colonized people who have not yet 
realized what they have become might just 
charge that I am full of rhetoric. Because of 
limited space in the TRITON TIMES, my at-
tempt to defend my statement will be somewhat 
superficial , but if you are interested in 
examining the entire argument, read every issue 
of the soon-to-appear Lumumba-Zapata news-
paper. 

is alone in the world and that everyone is out to 
beat him to his just reward. The system divides 
and conquers. 

We of the Third World refuse to be this type of 
"individual" which the system is structured to 
produce. We care about our brothers and sisters 
and we will continue to do so. We will try to 
survive this institutional effort of the university 
to colonize us. We shall forever be united. 

Many Methods Subtle @l 
There are many methods of colonization, and ~ 

some are quite subtle. In contrast to a grading <, 
system which obviously pits everyone against ~ 
each other, there is a less obvious method of ~ 
giving a Third World person a position of 
authority. It appears that the Third World has ~ 
won a battle, but if this Third World administra- ~ 
tor tries to do anything for his people, he finds r 
himself completely neutralized by a bureau- ~ 
cracy-a bureaucracy whose sole reason for ~ 

Uttle In Common 
A rather fast sketch will show that the ethnic 

groups within the Third World in their natural 
settings have little in common with White 
culture. I am not one of those who claim that the 
Third World is "all" right, but I feel the West is 
almost "all" wrong. Communal, or if the word 
offends you, tribal living is part of our heritage. 
This is not ideal, but it is much better than what 
the white man would make us. The West would 
have us only look out for our personal interests 
and completely disregard the welfare of our 
brothers. 

being is to serve itself and the ruling class. ~ 
Our hero now has the option of resigning or f>.,gA.B UN\1'{ 'D1$Pl /o..YE:.D DURI Nb NASSE.R fUNE.RAl. 

doing what most Third World people do in this L-__________ _ _____ ----------------J 

This is our dilemma. The university is struc-
tured, along with the rest of the school system, to 
produce a highly "trained," highly "motivated" 
individual . Just how "individual" he may be is 
debatable, but through this process he learns he 

Parables 

situation, co-()pt . This is because the rewards of 
colonization are tangible and material while 
those of the Third World are intangible and 
spiritual . This reward is called "love of one 's 
fellow man ." 

Letters To 
The Editor What I have written is a rather indirect definition of the Third World. I shall now stick 

my neck out and do it directly. It is the people of 
the non-western world who use the technology of S . k 
the First (Western) World and the ideology of the tiC to 
Third. For no matter what the Second World 
(The Soviet blOC) says, the heritage of the Third The I 5S U e S 
World is resplendent with our own ideology, Editor : 
which has always been our own, and will always 
be. 

Power to the people. 

Dying of Boredom 

Personal vilification , when 
employed in a defensive 
posture. represents one of the 
more jej une debating methods. 
Usually such devices are 
reserved for quacks or 
ideologues. That Women·s 
Libe ra li on conducts i ts 
"reasoned discussions" in that 
way is unfortuna te. or at least 
predic table. And to compound 
the backhanded ness. the WLF 
article condem ning me for my 
stand on day·care centers was 
not even signed. Heavy Melal Kid 

Hendrix-Joplin: their deaths span a uni-
verse-the compressed and vacant world of the 
"counter<ulture." As the polar-pillars of un-
limited sensuality, orgasmic outrage, and 
cosmic enlighterunent, their individual disinte-
gration illuminates a collective condition. 

They lived dangerously . Pressing against the 
paralyzing contours of American culture is 
always dangerous, even where it is blind. 
Perhaps their sudden demise illuminates the pat 
of suicidal consciousness, which the children of 
ecstasy tend to minimize and repress in their 
scrabble to purchase the latest trinkets that the 
culture-industry hangs out for them. It is not 
surprising that the symbolic manifestations got 
choked off first-not by the "pig," but by the 
poisonous needs of the junkies who were ad-
dicted to them- who made them into the willing 
hosts of needy parasites. 

Tenuous Hold on Life 
Part of Janis' attraction was her tenuous hold 

on life. Her situation can be expanded to include 
the entire movement, whose consciousness, or 
rather ,lackof it, parallels Janis' lack of life. 

Symbols compress the displaced energy of 
men's dreams. As stars, Jimi and Janis com-
pressed the displaced energies of the movement. 
There is no question that their activity both 
sublimated and substituted for the activity of 
their hysterical lovers. Once their lives had been 
transformed into the archetype of the role, both 
they and their audiences became transfixed-a 
hypnotic sym biosis In which life leaked out like a 
moldy cantaloupe. 

King of the Electric Guitar 

But, you will say, "their music . .. OUR 
music ... " Hendrix was the absolute, primal 
prince of the electric guitar. And Janis, well , 
everybody who ever heard her knows she got 
behind the blues as much as a white lady ever 
could. They had both reached the peaks of ac-
complishment- they united both worlds. Indeed 
they embodied the idea of hip-just as they also 
embodied the idea of success. Jimi got $100,000 
for one gig, while Janis could hardly await her 
story in Newsweek. 
. As individuals they harmonized oppo-
s~tes-they were the exaggerated selfcontradic-
lions of everyday life. In an earlier period we 
could say that the madness their originality 
created was a limit of incoherent, subversive 
activity; if they had gone crazy we could have 
~id that their "madness was revolutionary free-

dom confined to the self." (John Berger. 
Moments of Cubism). As it is, they died of bore-
dom--our boredom. 
. They were consumed, and, in turn, consumed 
themselves. They broke through to the other 
side- to the emptiness of exchange .. . well-paid 
commodities, but conunodities nonetheless. As 
packaged productions, the utter poverty of their 
lives came alive in the space separating their 
acts from their spectators. In the end, Hendrix 
kept returning to "Purple Haze," his first big-
time success, with all the nostalgia of the 
museum curator who said, "I wouldn 't be caught 
dead with a piece of live art!" And Janis never 
could reconcile ripping the blues off. 

White Skin Disadvantageous 
Being white, in her case, was definitely not an 

advantage. In the limelight of stardom, they 
basked in the birdlime of their proud culture 's 
gaze. The suffocating atmosphere of rock and 
roll sponsored by Ed Sullivan and Bill Graham, 
enabled the stars to treat their audience as what 
they, in actuality, were-paying customers. ~e 
seif<ontradiction of the symbol encompassmg 
the entire scene, and the people digging the 
action which they denied themselves, the better 
to consume. It's Daddy's world with tinsel. 
Exploitation with the humiliating add.itl.on of th.e 
subjects organized their mutual passtvlty-as If 
boredom shrank, rather than expanded, with the 
addition of drugs and numbers. 

Hendrix, Joplin Became Useless 
One day Jimi and Janis turned around and 

discovered the movement sitting row on row, 
waiting expectant, inert. That was the moment 
they re~lIy became the useless foreskin on t~e 
blind worm of pseudo·revolt. They were offed to 
the deadly reconciliation of the poisonous 
spectators that made them a spectacle, as much 
as by the spectacle that paid them off for their 
outstanding techniques of social control. 

The movement reveals itself as the movement 
from baseless ecstasy to senility. Its cultural 
manifestations merely underline the more 
profound poverty of its "political" imagination : 
the dull-witted vanguard of the new bureau-
cr acy, who lack not only life .. but even th.e relief 
of music. They replace It with their own 
"sounds: " the resurrection of monotonous 
chants swiped from mainline cheerleaders, and 
displaying about the same level of awareness. 

Later for it. Rock on. 

otice the great pomposity 
of WL F's first l ine : 
"morality is shown to 
progress through (sic) well-
defined stages'" Love it. From 
this poi nt on. the anonymous 
authoress u s terms like 
"neanderthal me·firstism·· 
and "egotistic self-interest" to 
ridicule my argument by 
insisting tha t my moral 
development is at stage two 
(pre-civiliza tion ). Lengthy 
refuta tion of the personal 
attacks issued by WLF are , I 
trust, unncce ary. Anyone 
who believes (hem is beyond 
hop already. 

Ladies. please refra in from 
name-ca lling; if you are 0 
sure of your positions. please . 
as a last resort. stick to the 
issue. The major thrust of my 
article was this : no ac tion 
should be taken on a certa in 
level of government if a lower 
level of government can 
suffi c iently ha ndl e t he 
situation., ... With this. I hope 
the whole issue will be dropped 
and that our femi nine 
libera tionists have rea lized the 
errors 0 their ways. And I 
tru st that fut ure "differen es 
of opinion" will concern the 
issues a nd not t he 
personali ties. 

Karl Keating 

Thanking The TT 
Editor. TRiTO TIME : 

We wish to thank the 
TRITO N TIMES for it 
tenacity in tr ing to obtain 
clear answers from Professor 
Jack Douglas and for placing 
hi s charges in pr oper 
per p clivc. 

Prof ssor Douglas . who 
imagines Third ollege as t~ 
bespoilcr of the integrity of 
UCSD, has launch d am ar 
campaign from La J lIa to 
Sacramento. Th ' weakn ss of 
hi charges is ind icated b hIS 
indi scriminately running to 

triton tiIlles 
Edilor-in -Chief. .. Ha, " ood Gammo n 

.i1 y Editor ............ ' ..... Rich Heimlich 
Managing Editor .... .. ......... Mi ke Ki a} er 
Copy Edilor . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. huck Graham 
Business Manage r ................ J err Fried 
Editorial Director ..... .. . . . . Raoul Co nl re ras 
As ociale Cit y Edilors .. Owen J 0, nero John \l ax" ell 
Art Editor ... . ......... .- . .. . Terry Barak 

ports Editor . .. . . .... ....... R o(' k ~ Halfon 
Photograllh Edilor ........ . .... John Zaller 
Contributing t:ditor ............ te \ e Landall 
The TRITON TIMES i. officially recognized and .upported a. a .tuden. 
new spaper by the Communications Boord of the University of Coliforr.lo, 
San Diego. Building 250. Malthe"'. Campu •. to Jolla. California 92037. 
Publico.ion i •• wice weekly on Tue.day. and Friday •. OffICe. are loca.ed 
in roam 117. Blake Holl. on the Re •• II. Campu •. For Adverti.ing phone 
453.2000. XIOI7; foredilorial or new. phone XIOI6. 

ind ividuals specifically asking 
for negative information on 
Third College. His Questionable 
intentions are indicated by the 
fact that he has never spoken to 
Provost Watson (or. to our 
know ledge. any other member 
of Third College ) about hi 
suspicions. 

Professor Doug\a ' charge 
that the Academic Senate of 
UCSD approved the academic 
plan of Third College out of 
fear of the .. Pa nthe r and 
Angela Davis" i an affront to 
the in tegrity of the faculty and 
the member of the Board of 
Regents, The faculty and The 
Regent approved the Third 
Co ll ege Academic Plan 
becau e they bel ieved in its 
academic integrity and the 
goa ls of the College. In fact. 
rough ly hal! of the members of 
the Board of Regents were well 
acquainted with the academic 
plan and its dcvelopers through 
extensive dis("ussions with th 
Third College planner here at 

CSD before The Regent 
received t il plan for 
consideration 

Thi rd College is committed 
to high academic standards and 
to increasing min orit y 
participation in a II sphere of 
the niver ity and socIety. Th 
st ud ent . fa ult\' . a nd 
adm IllIstration of ThIrd Coli ge 
welcome discussions on the 
goa ls and programs of the 
College with any men.".er of 
the ni verslty community .. 

All that we insist upon IS that 
we b judged by our actions 
and their results. and not bv the 
nebulou and undocumented 
charges of tho e who attempt 
to ga in accep tance of th ir 
views by ma ligning oth r ·. 
Third olleg e Board Of 
Directors 

Nuts Under 
the ,Bed 
Edi tor . 

a newlv·arrived fre 'hman 
I am rather·dlsappointed in th 
w rkings of th TRITON 

TIMES. I had antiCIpated 
fi ndi ng here a roughl y 
objecti ve college newspaper. 
one that could look at issue 
without undue hysteria. For the 
most part. in new and feature 
stories. the TRITON TIME 
conducts itself to a fair 
manner. But in editorial the 
paper seems to act as If the 
editors believed that there 
were right·wing nut under 
every bed. 

Granted, orne bed have 
right-wing nuts under them. 
but I{I tely we eem be gelttog a 
lot of other nuts writing official 
policy stories. In the issue of 
Oct. 9. the editor have an 
article which advises tudents 
to watch out for narcs because 
they are running around all 
over campus. Then in an 
editorial about Profe sor Jack 
Dougla and the C . the 
editors imply that Profe sor 
Douglas and Company are 
trying todivide and conquer. 

Gentlemen. gentlemen: mu t 
you u the tactics of Robert 
Welch? A h ad of the John 
Birch oclety. Mr. Welch 
insi ts tha t ev rythtng i 1) 
commie plot. Th editor of 
the TRITO TIMES eem to 
think that everything I a plot 
by the non-radi al facultv and 
ui police . 

On r a 'on why mo t 
stud nts I hav talked to em 
to think the TRITON TIME IS 
a poor ncw paper Ie that the 
editorials 0 often s m to rely 
on are tactic and Innuendo ·. 
I t sound like methtng out of 
a left-handed J McCa rthv 
h arine. . 

inC thi i my fIrst yea r at 
D, I hav no id a of what 

th TRITON TIME wa . like In 
earlier ,ear. but I have b n 
told that it wa s wor Th 
rHu:! j o~ ~t: t ~ t ';:,: '" C~ r '" ~ l!y 
bad back then the ta ff 
members of the pap r mu t 
hall all been paranOid II 
. em th t th only peop\ on 
th ta ff who thtnk rl ' 'Iy 
about righ t·wing plot now ar 
th one who wrtte the 
ed lton al hannon hea 

Triton Times October 16, 1970 Page 7 



GA TES OPEN 10 A.M. 
CONCERT 5T ART5 ,)\ T HIGH NOON 

TICKETS AVAILABlE AT 

MA TTHEWS CAMPUS 
$250 U.C.S.D. STUDENTS $3 50 ALL OTHERS 

WITH ID, IN ADVANCE IN ADVANCE 

Page 8 Triton Times October 16, 1970 
'riton Time, October 16, 1970 Page 9 



'Muir Conspiracy' 
Wins Council Seats 

Robert Miller 

steve Clark, Jon Collins, Don Bright and Diddo 
Clark will represent Muir students this ~ear as 
the Muir Council. The four, along wIth the 
alternates Ian Boase and Jannett IQinke, were 
elected this Wednesday. 

Known as the "Muir Conspiracy," the four new 
council members were successful in their joint 
campaign objective. Their posters, displayin~ a 
four-legged animal, dotted the campus callmg 
attention to their campaign. 

However, this election was not without its 
problems. Some elements of ~ontrove.rsy an,d 
disagreement tainted the selection of thIS year s 
Muir Council. 

Sign-up Deadline Extended 
The original sign-up deadline had to be ex-

tended five days because only five out of the 
necessary six needed to fill out the Council had 
signed-up by the regular deadline. 

Dean Baltschaulder's office wanted to extend 
the sign-up period for an additional wee~ , but the 
"Conspiracy" felt that they were bemg dealt 
with unfairly. The four , including Council incum-
bants steve Clark and Jon Collins, said they had 
gone through all of the proper procedures and 
they should not be penalized by student apathy. 

But the Dean's office felt there was not enough 
publicity to inspire participation . A compromise 
was reached whereby sign-ups would be ex-
tended until this Wednesday and elections would 
be held the following day. 

The accusation that there was insufficient 

publicity was denied by Wendy Velleau, the 
chairman of the election committee. She said 
there were several large posters displayed 
around Muir and Matthews campuses 
publicizing the election. 

"But because it was so early in the quarter and 
everyone is naturally conc~rned with. cl~ 
changes, etc., it was hard to stir up enthusIasm, 
Wendy said. 

Increase in Petitions 
Yet with the added time five more petitions 

were submitted. With all of the disagreement 
involved, the "Conspiracy" expressed happiness 
over the addition of more candidates. They felt 
the original five candidates were not enough. 

It is strange, however, that with the additional 
time alloted for candidate petitions there was 
such a significant increase in sign-ups. And it is 
unfortunate that the additional five candidates 
started off with the handicap of less time to 
campaign than the eventual victors, the "Con-
spiracy." . 

This situation points up the need for eIther 
holding the elections a little late: in the qua;ter 
when everyone is settled, or durmg the prevIOus 
quarter . Since the Muir Coll1.lc~ is in its inf~cy, 
and is responsible for estaplishmg the traditlons 
and precedents that will govern its future sphere 
of jurisdiction, it is important that those elected 
represent as much of a consensus of the Muir 
student body as is possible. 

'Who yo' votin' for?' 
Dave Buchbinder 

Everybody seems to be 
talking aboul the upcoming 
election. so it must be crucia lly 
important. or else mayb no 
one has anything better to talk 
about. Well anyway. even 
though the void around us is 
filled with the emotions of this 
election, it seems as though 
most everyone has absolutely 
no idea as to actually how 
many candidates are running. 
and how they differ (if in fact 
they do). 

And so, as a result, people 
will usually vote for the more 
glamorous personality, usually 
paying no heed to what he may 
represent. For instance. the 
other day in the upermarket, I 
overheard this conversation by 
what must have been two 
highly intellectual housewifes : 

" Hey Maggie ' Who ya ' votin ' 
for?" 

mean that you haven' t thought 
about it?" 

··No. It seems to me that 
either all the candidates are 
half·crazy or have the same 
views." 

"That's not true. One's an 
actor and one 's a politician:' 

" Bu t there are four 
candidates though." 

" How about that! ,. 
" For what'" 
"For Governor silly' You 

" 0 anyway, who are you 
votin' for Harriet?" 

. 'The actor , of course! ., 

The College: Hope For The Third World 
(continued from page I ) 
job thi year is " to get a firm foundation for our 
freshman students lo build upon .. ' and that the 
charges have been " low in quality." 

Sociology Professor Jack Douglas has been 
the most quoted critic of Third College. " The 
man has never come to me with hi s charges." 
says Provost Watson. " He has general opinions, 
not based on facts . I think all hi s talk about high 
academic standard s and Third Cllllere is his 
effort to gain infl uence with the Regent s in the 
selection of a conservative chan ell or at 
UC 0 .. ' "Douglas is a lame-duck criti c, where 
was he in the planning stages?" the Provost 
a ked . 

One question raised was the possibility of 

Third College becoming UCSO's ghetto because 
of the 'l/3 Black-Brown student ratio while 
having only 1/3 Anglo. Provost Wal on 
answered that this step was taken to msure 
., integrati n at UCSO and opening the 
University of California to those who otherWise, 
through no fault of their own. could not get in. 
The only way Third College could become a 
ghetto is if Reve lle and Muir don 't open their 
doors too." 

Watson cited the fact that locally, La Jolla 
High will send as many as 80. per . cent of its 
graduating class to college While Lmcoln High 
(in Southeast San Diego) will only send 20 per 
cent. 

(conlinued to page 11 ) 

Page 10 Triton Times October 16, 1970 

OCEANOGRAPHIC RESEARCH .,i11 "nefi' from a new .,763,8.oo Sea Gra,,' alflGrrl 
fro m the Nationa l cience Foundation to .he Un iveni.y of Ca lifo rn ia. Here two 
graduate studen .s (left) f rom UC's Scripps In stitutio.n of Oceanography a. L.a Jolla 
retrieve marine biological samples with the help of hIgh school sludenr& studYing and 
working at cripps under on SF summer uience 'raining program. 

Jensen Theory 

Guerrilla Theater Trial 
Slafed For Munsinger 

The first words Wednesday 
evening of the SOS chairman 
announced that the meeting 
had been ca lled to consider 
wa ys to " take action aga inst" 
Dr. Munsinger. The next 
peaker used the word s " fight 

Munsinger.·· Then those in 

concerned that Dr. Munsinger 
wa teaching racism in the 
classroom , and lending 
academic legitimacy to a 
racist report. His guilt was 
as umed by SOS before the 
meeting was called. 

d efe nse of Mun s inger Once it began , that 
presented th~ir arguments and t" n was attacked. The 
the long evemng began. assump 10 . . . 

SOS had called a tactical defense for Mun mger s rlg~t 
meeting to deal with a . to teach hiS. class as he saw fit 
professor who was attempting was surprlSmgly stron& M~ves 
to pre ent the nationally- to SWItch to a tac llcal 
famous Jensen report to hi s diSCUSSion were held off by the 
deve lopmental psyc hology Ideological battle f~r over an 
class. (Some allege that the hour , and call s for di sruption of 
report claims negroes are the . cIas~room . or . re -
genetically inferior : some say constitution mto a di SCUSSion of 
it i n't that at all .) SO was the SOCial Implications o( the 

New Book 

Race To 0 bl,ivion; 

Jensen report were talked 
down. One student from the 
class stated that he thought 70 
per cent of the students in the 
class would oppose any action 
that inlerfered wilh 
p ychology ; others said that 
efrective action against ideas 
must be with ideas. 

In lhe end , no in-class 
activity was organized . But 
gradually, as the defense went 
home; the do-ers remained. 
When a guerrilla thea ter trial-
was suggested, there was no 
effective resistance. 

The script will be written in 
Lower Blake lounge Friday at 2 
p.m. The " trial" is tentatively 
scheduled for nexl Tuesday at 
noon in Revelle Plaza. 

York And The Arms Race 
As a resu lt of his long-time 

participation. in one role or 
another , in the nuclear arms 
race. Chancellor lIerbert York 
has written a bo k, Race to 
Oblivion: A Participant' s View 
of the Arm Race, whi ch ha 
b en recently published . 

" Ever s ince Germany 
invaded Poland and started 
World War II just two we ks 
b fore I entered the Univ rsity 
of Roche ter in September. 
1939. my professional lif has 
b en compl tely dominat d by 
the nuclear arm rac ," York 
note in the book. 

Molly Selvin 

o fense Department under 
Presidents Ei nhower and 
Kennedy and as an advi or to 
Pr sident Johnson. 

His overall view of th arm 
race however has changed 
completely ince the ons t of 
WW II. Following th first few 
year in Wa shington during 
which York sa id he ,. tried to 
make nse" of a changing 
situation. York became one of 
th arms ra 'e 's and notably the 
ABM 's most consistent critics. 

" The power to make Iife-and-
death decisions is passing from 
the hands of slatesmen and 
politicia n to low r-Ievel 
officers and ultimately to 

di armament. ThiS action, he 
feel s would lead ·to nothing 
more than half ers many 
weapon in the world . Rather, 
York comment d. the US 
should take the initiative 
unilaterally in the hop that it 
will timulate others to 
disarm. , 

A sti ll better solution would 
be joint di sarmament. through 
negotia lion of the major world 
powers. Along these lines, 
York sees the SALT talks as I 
step in the right direction. even 
if a mall step. The best 
fee ls these talk 
accomplish will be a 
down or possibly topping 
th arms race. Th talks 

he Middle East 
ithout Nasser 

Juliana Cinque 

What eflect does Nasser's dealh have on the future of the Middle East? 
General M. Peled, a former Israeli major general , Peter von Sievers, an 
assistant professor of history, and Michel Nabti , an Egyptian authority from the 
Hoover Institute of War, Revolution and Peace, offered their differing views on 
this question in the third meeting of lhe Issues Now class. 

Nabli and General Peled sat at tables on either side of the podium in USB 2722. 
Somewhat similar to the attitudes of their respective countries, never was a 
direct word exchanged between them. The closest they came to direct 
communication was when Mr. Nabti referred to General Peled as, " the former 
speaker. " 

Dr. von Sievers, who functioned as the straight man on the panel , indicated that 
"without Nasser, the Arabian countries will fall apart. " He stated that Nasser's 
death " is a tragic corollary to the spiritual exhaustion in the Middle East. ,. Dr. 
von Sievers feels that Nasser's death will provide a desperately needed hiatus, 
but since the basic ideologies of the Middle East are unchanged, this will be only 
a temporary rest before the resurgence of controversy. 

Two Sides to Every Argument 

abti was the next to speak. Sensitive to the fact that the audience was inclined 
to be unsympathetic to his viewpoint, he prefaced his presentation with the 
warning that "every issue of controversy happens to have two sides. It is a 
challenge to all to understand bolh sides." 

Nabti explained that the Palestinians feel that they have been pushed out of 
their own country withoultheir consent, and that " they cannot forget it. " 

Na bti felt thal the ultimate solution of the Middle East crisis would be bound by 
the young. He stated that " the young people were causing a fermentation in the 
Ara bian community that will eventually explode." Yet, he concluded hi s 
argument by saying that the young Palestinians were talking to lhe young 
Israelis. The Palestinians recognized the right of Israelis to live in Palestine , and 
only asked lhat the Israelis recognize theirs. 

General Peled felt that the Palestinians looked to the outside, especially 
Egypt for lheir leadership. He then went on to an analysis of Nasser's aclual 
merits and faults as opposed to his world wide reputation. In regard to being a 
unifying element of the Arab world , Peled indicated that Nasser had strained 
relationships with the other Arab leaders. " He wouldn 't accept any other person 
in the Middle East as an equal or a partner." For instance. asser has been 
quoted to refer to King Husse in as " the prostitute king." 

Britain Replaced by Russia 

asser has been credited with removing foreign powers from Egypt. Gen ral 
Peled explained that ultimately, Na ser replaced the dying British imper ialism 
with a "growing vigorous empire <Russia ) that at present has no inlerest in 
peace. " 

Peled felt that asser had honestly wanted the peace talks, despite the 
contrary views of the Russians. It was an indica tion of his political weakness that. 
the Russians were able to build missiles in Egypt during the cease-fire. 

During the questioning period, General Peled indicated that Israel will return 
the occupied territories in return for negotiations and reliable promises from the 
Arabs. 

Na bti gave the Arabic view by stating that " Israel, in its short history, is not 
accustomed to waiting for negotiations. Arabs know that siUing around the 
conference table, Paris-style, is a laughing matter . ,. 

As for Israel returning land to the Arabs and ultimate peace, Nabti countered 
with the statement that Israel would have to give a great deal , and that ,. Israel is 
not accustomed to being on the giving end ; Israel so far has been on the receiving 
end ." 

Next week the " Issues Now" class will be on " Hard Core Pornography." 
Pornographic fil":l s will be featured . 

Third World 
(contimlPrl from Dal!e 1) 

"The students," he says, "are not encouraged 
along the same lines as the Anglo is." " The 
trend has to stop somewhere. " 

The need for such a radical divergence in the 
Master Plan of Higher Education of California 
is clear. Normally, students such as those in 
their first year at Third College would have 
been earmarked for tite junior college system. 
Third College was designed to change the 
second-rate stature of many minority groups 
and to instill a sense of racial pride amongst 
themselves on the University level. Notes 
Provost Watson, " Not all students here have 
uneven high school preparation. Some could 
have gone anywhere. But they selected UCSO." 

Third College Dean Pascual Martinez noted 
that many, too many, application have been 
received from students at Revelle and Muir to 
transfer to the college. 

Indeed, the just relea ed Scranton Report on 
campus unrest arguing the need for a po ition of 
racial strength tha t the uni versity can orrer, 
stated that " Integration as the ultimate goal for 
America lo pursue is not disavowed, but there is 
in i tence upon the fact that America today is a 
'pluralistic' society and not a melting pot and 
that equity and parity for Black American will 
be achieved not from a position of weakne , but 
only from a po ilion of strength." 

In the early 1940's York was 
among the nucl ar phys icists 
who developed lh atomi . 
bomb. The following decad he 
became director of the 
Li vermore Radiation 
Laboratory, and in the 1960's 
s rved as a top official of the 

omputing rna hine and th 
technicians who program, .. 
York writes. 

have Iilll pos ibility of _n",,'~_''' __ 

"Hence," the report continued , " there i a 
preoccupation with the strengthening and 
developing of Black institution and the 
celebration of Black hi story and culture - a 
heritage of which Black American are proud 
and which they are prepared lo honor and 
defend." " Ultimately, the goal of Black 
activism and of Black stud nt I adership is to 
transform America into a oci ty haracterized 
by justice, equity, freedom , and fraternity for 
all Americans." 

York. how v r, d s not s 
th solution to in reagin~ 
armament a simply a tolal US 

r"versing thi . growth. 

Race t o Oblivio n 
hancellor York 's first book. 

That too, is the goal of the Third World and 
U D's Third ollege. Getting there. though. 
there 's the rub. 

Jlfichael abli disc" ses the Arab ide of the Neareastern Crisis with tudents of lh.e 
Issues J ow extension class. 

Linguistic Department Claims 

U.S. Superiority Affects 
language learning 

Bruce Morden 

"This ation is so powerful that other people 
learn our language but we don't feel it 
necessary to learn other peoples' languages ." 
This attitude, claims Dr. Leonard ewmark. is 
what cause much of the disenchantment in 
learning a foreign language. Dr. ewmark is 
the director of UCSO's language program and is 
responsible for most of the innovations in the 
program over the years. 

When UCSD's charter faculty was deciding on 
requirements for graduation they came up with 
an unusual language requirement. Instead of a 
year of courses or a standard examination, the 
faculty decided that the student should 
demonstrate a proficiency in a foreign language 
and continue to use it as a tool thus retaining the 
proficiency. True , the proficiency has usually 
been demonstrated by an oral examination and 
a reading exam. 

There are several programs which are 
designed to a sist the students in atta ining 
proficiency in a language. The facilities are 
open to all of the University community and self 
instructional rna terials and equipmenl which 
the student can u e to advance hi s proficiency at 
his own optimum speed. The program of 
tutorial instruction by native speakers is the one 
which is most commonly employed to gain 
proficiency. The program i supposed to assure 
that proficiency is acquired in a year ' time. 
There is a summer program which is an 
intensive 9 week immersion in a foreign 
language. There is more contact during the 
summer with 6 hours per day 5 days a week fo r 
a total of 270 hours for the nine week period 
versus 90 hours during the regular year. Thus it 
is approximately equal to three years of normal 
tutorials. According to Dr. Saltman the 
program is 90 to 95 per cent successful. The 
actual figure for the 1970 ummer program was 
75 per cent. 

Many tudents have problems with the 

Dr. Newmark Linqui lic 

language program. Dr. ewmark says the 
biggest problem comes when students depart 
from the structure of the program. He 
ac knowledges the complaint of many tudents 
that say that the program takes a great amount 
of time. Newmark claim that lhe program is 
designed to take I I of the student" s lime based 
on a 48 hour week. Dr. Saltman says there are a 
great number of students who make a great 
bugaboo over the language program. Because of 
this, alternatives have been initiated. The first 
real major alternative is the Literalure 10 
courses, where a student must use his reading 
proficiency to understand the text and his oral 
profi ciency to understand the lectures. 

Dr. ewmark says that the opponents of the 
language program are often very vocal. Many of 
these voca l opponents drop the language saying 
they cannot do it. Tom Caryl. Revelle College 
Representative to the AS Council , is leading an 
effort for a more viable alternative than the 
Literature 10 program. Caryl say that 90 per 
cent of the languages that the tudents take 
(French, Germa'l and Spanish ) are 0 close to 
our own culture that our understanding is not 
broadened to a world view. He has uggested an 
in depth study of the hi tory, and traditions of 
another culture by natives of that culture. 0 
that the student can interact by understanding 
the other culture. He suggest empha i be 
placed on the African, Asian and Amerindian 
cultures as they affect the . Caryl claims it is 
ineffective to coerce the tudent into learning a 
foreign language. Tho e who don't wi h to learn, 
learn with more difficulty. Caryl ha nothing 
again t learning languages fo r those who wi h 
to learn, but says there should be an alternative 
for those who do not wish to learn a language. 

Newmark is amused by this altitude which he 
claims reflects the superiority feeling of many 
Americans. The feeling that we have something 
to teach and nothing to learn applies to 
languages as well. He i amazed that the 
tudents hate the dominant role of the S m the 

world but reflect the dominance in hating 
foreign language . 

ewmark states that the only way to change 
thi attitude i to change th environment. 
putting more motivation into the program. Dr. 

ewmark ha had many idea and dreams for 
the program many of which have been tried and 
were somewhat successful although many have 
be n di continued. Among those which have 
been dropp d are the upper divi sion 
requirement, the film erie . the language 
uite in the dorm. and langu3ge clubs 

orne of the dream co,ne Lru are in 
Language 19, where the profi"lent student can 
I arn another language. Over 140 tudent are 
nrolled in languages from Hindu tani . Per ian, 

Modern Greek lo Japanl se, Mandarin , 
Afrikaan and the European I' r\ u '. Dr. 

ewmark says that alienation ollen lead lo 
more inlere 1 in other languages and ullure . 
lIer Tom aryl agree . Tom say th t 
attItudes of most Am rican dictat that lhose 
ulture which do not produc mat rial good 

are inferior and hould b d('slroved Both 
ewmark ~nd aryl are trYing for- a d p r 

und r tandmg of oth r cultur but each i 
looking for hi own m thod to altam this 
under tanding. 

Triton Time, October 16, 1970 Page 11 



Book Review 

law, Order, and 
J. Edga r Hoover 

Jay Gillelle 
Arts Wriler 

'Hoover's FBI: 
The Men and the Myth 
by William W. Turner, 
Sherbourne Press, $7.50 

Remember the Palmer Raids 
of 1919 when some 10,000 per-
sons were rounded up (most 
without warrants) and thrown 
into "detention centers\, for 
alleged radical activity? No? 
Then maybe you will recall the 
vicious gun battles between 
dedicated G-men (read 
" Government-men, " young-
sters) and Prettyboy Floyd, 
Babyface Nelson, Machinegun 
Kelly and John Dillenger? 

Doesn't ring a bell? Well, try 
the forties, when the liberty of 
us all was protected by the 
al rest of former Lincoln 
Brigade soldiers (Americans 
who fought for the loyalists in 
the Spanish Civil War ), and the 
apprehension and execution of 
submarine-landed German 
sabateurs Or, recall the late 
forties and early fifties, when 
the "Atom Spies," Julius and 
Ethel Rosenberg, were found 
out and officially murdered, 
despite world-wide pleas for 
mercy, led by the Pope himself. 

Coming to the Recent Past 
Finally we come to the recent 

past, when Martin Luther King 
was murdered while his phone 
was tapped ; when the Kennedys 
were killed; when H. Rap 
Brown and Angela Davis grace 
the Ten Most Wanted criminals 
list ; and when that straight-
looking student or newsman on 
campus next to you may be a 
government agent. What is the 
common denominator of all 
these dramatic events? Why, J. 
Edgar Hoover and his untouch-
able FBI!! (Music for accom-
paniment: Prokofiev's "Love 
for Three Oranges" March). 
Yessir! J. Edgar Hoover. or 
Edgar J. Hoover as Marcuse 
calls him, has been on the £iring 
line of crime for 51 years, and 
has headed the Federal Bureau 
of Investigation since its incep-
tion in 1924. 

Mr. Hoover was 75 years old 
last January 1. and still has not 
indicated any desire to retire. 
And. with his Files, crew. NO-
BODY is going to fire him. The 
FBI is. today. America's first. if 
undeclared. national police 
force. with its electronic 
snoopers and lock-picking 
agents into most everybody's 
business. 
Turner's B lok Destroys Myth 
Reading William Turner 's 

book on the FBI destroys many 
a myth abo.lt this most famous 
of all police forces. It opens the 
doors on ., petty, inefficient 
bureaucrac f that is exactly how 
Eugene M :Carthy cnaracLt:r-
ized it in I! 63: a personal fief-
dom of Hower. Advancement 
within the , af1ks is based more 
upon persllmil ties with the 
ruling cliq Je than upon dedi-
cated puhllc service . And 
perhaps most discouraging of 
all, the FBI. perhaps the only 
organization with enough 
muscle to do the job. has con-
spicuously avoided coming to 
grips with organized crime (a 
5O-billion-a-year. untaxed in-
dustry) . Hoover's Bureau has 
even dragged its heels when 
asked to participate with 
Federal Task Forces attacking 
Mafia operations. One wonders 
why ... 

Page 12 Triton Times 

The F.B.f. Director ('Ought 
in ~l1riOU POSl's. 

One big reason is that Hoover . 
like many an entrenched politi-
cian. is more concerned with 
maintaining his position than 
the public good. Hoover has 
consistently shown himself to be 
a better publicist than police-
man (he has never personally 
investigated a case in the field). 
Yet. for all his long tenure in 
office. it cannot be said that J. 
Edgar has made himself rich. 
He lives a spartan life. with only 
two vacations a year: one to 
Florida at Olristmas (when 
Hialeah Racetrack is open). 
and the other to quaint La Jolla 
in August (when Del Mar 's 
racing season is going full 
blast ). 

Hoover stays at the Hotel Del 
Olarro ( N6 ) for $100 a day. using 
a bullet-proof Cadillac limou-
sine (one of four he uses 
throughout the country) from 
the Los Angeles FBI office. 

Hasn·t Used Office 
To Enrich Himself 

But though it is reputed 
Hoover has done well in the 
stock market it must be 
reiterated that he has never 
used the considerable power of 
his office to enrich himself. But 
when (if) he does retire. he will 
ha P laid enough aside to live 
quietly in his be UVi!t1 La Jolla, 
granting interviews to loyal 
reporters. and visiting Del Mar 
and Caliente. 

Turner has done the public a 
good turn with his book. if only 
to alert us to the tremendous 
danger that the current makeup 
of the FBI presents. His view-
point is perhaps necessarily 
colored by his forced 
resignation [rom the Bureau 
and his style is cramped by the 
greal mass of facts he presents. 
Yet the book deserves to be 
circulated widely and taken to 
heart. as another small defense 
line against the rapid encroach-
ment of our freedoms. 

October 16, 1970 

Hot Tuna Comes to UCSD ENTERTAINMENT-FOOD 
Peler Cordon 
Ar ts Wrih'r 
Th~ ASUCSD Program Committee. in conjunction with 

Sunrise Productions. will present the first major concert of the 
quarter on Sunday. The concert, being held at the brand new 
intercollegiate baseball facility on Miramar Road east of High-
way 5. will highlight HOT TUNA and Leon Russell . 

HOT TUNA is a relatively new group which is composed of 
Jack Cassady and Jorma Koukonen. both members of the 
Jefferson Airplane. The group has one album out on RCA. "HOT 
TUNA." and plays acoustic delta blues. Next month they will 
release their second albwn. "ELECTRIC HOT TUNA," which 
was recorded I~ve at the New Orleans House in Berkeley . 

Leon Russell has been on the music scene for years. Originally 
a free-lance session man for groups such as The Byrds and 
Delanie and Bonnie. he has since made a name for himself as a 
songwriter, record producer. arranger and performer. When 
Joe Cocker suddenly found himself desperately in need of a 
back-up group last year, Leon Russeull assembled some of the 
best musicians around into Mad Dogs and Englishmen. Russell 
is currently producing Joe Cocker and has written such songs as 
"Delta Lady" anj "Space Captain." He now has his own album 
out on BIue Thumb records. This Sunday he will be appearing 
with his own band and chorus. Also featured in this Sunday's 
concert are. PINK FLOYD. one of the first English psychedelic 
rock groups. and DRY CREEK ROAD. a new San Francisco 
progressive rock group. 

Sunrise Productions. whioh is co-producing the concert. is a 
new organization which was formed to make up for the inade-
quacies of the existing San Diego promotional firms. Former 
SDSC Student Body President Ron Breen, and SDSC Cultural 
Arts Board OlairmiUI David Oleson feel that the promoters in 
the San Diego area are dedicated entirely to making 
money-not music. and thus created Sunrise Productions in 
order to bring music to people at a low price . Last summer 
Breen and Oleson approached Dan Spellans. ASUCSD program 
director, and discussed plans for possible concerts. After talking 
with Vice-Olancellor George Murphy, plans were made for this 
Sunday's trial concert. The concert will be held on the grass in 
the new intercollegiate baseball facility . A stage is currently 
being built by the program board. and the sound system is being 
supplied by Tycobrahe. a Los Angeles-based firm which 
Spellans characterized as having "the best sound ever in San 
Diego for an .outdoor concert." The only security personnel 
within the concert will be easily identifiable students. Outside 
the gates there will be 50 privately-hired Tipton Police in pairs. 
Each pair of Tipton Police. equipped with hardhats and clubs. 
will be accompanied by a pair of student monitors. The Tipton 
Police assert that no student will be physically touched. unless 
they physically attack a policeman. San Diego police will not be 

Peggy Seeger Concert 
Goes little Attended 

Carl Neiburger 
laff Writer 

HOT TV A's Jorma Kaukonen and Jack Casady 
present. SpeUans wants to make it clear that this is a trial 
concert, and that if anyone allows it to get out of hand there will 
be no more concerts this year- indoor or outdoor: Sunday's 
concert will be watched not only by the UCSD administration 
but also by those at SDSC and Grossmont and Mesa Junio; 
Colleges. 

The conc~rt will begin at noon, with the gate opening at 10 
a.m .• and WIll be over about a half hour before dusk. Tickets can 
be purchased in advance for $2.50 with a student ID at the 
St~dent Activities Office in Me 250. To get to the concert take 
MJramar Road east. just past Highway 5. People are en-
couraged not to drive. 

Alice In W onderland-
Friday N ite Flick 

Tonight the Walt Disney version of Alice In Wonderland will 
be shown in the gym. According to the posters. thi will be the 
last time Alice can be shown, before Disney's people take it out 
of circul.Hion. It may be safe to guess that the rather 
conservative people at the home of Mickey Mouse became 
alarmed at var ious double-entendres throughout the film . 
caterpillar smoking the hookah and wearing the shades knows 
omething they don 't know. Appropriately. we are told to bring 

pillow . blankets and munchie . Hmmm. 

The. mixed blessing of practically no pUblicity 
permitted slightly over 100 people to gather 
cozily around Tolk balladiers Ewen MacColl and 
Peggy Seeger for their concert in the gym 
Friday night. Shunning the microphones as 
impersonal. the pair took chair on the floor and 
the audience gathered around their feet : they 
sang an ethnomusicological mixed bag of old 
English and American ballad and 
contemporary Engli h folk song, . 

Thoreau On Stage 
Larry Johnson Art Writer 

Alice In Wonderland 

in gym at 8 :00 p.m. 

************* 

Upcoming n igh t ly specials 

at 

The {:offee But * 

L 
AR DRIVE-IN THEA TER 

HWY. S AT VIA DE LA ~AllE TUINOFF, DEl MAl • 755·8757 
--- OPEN 6;30- SHOWTlME 7 ;00 ---

• SCHEDULE. 
R'd " sy I er shown twice 7:00 and 10:30 

It Be" shown one time only a t 8:50 
went looking for America. 

couldn't find it anywhere .. . Miss Seeger accompanied herself and MacColl on banjo. guitar , autoharp , and 
dulcimer. MacColl ang. often with no 
accompaniment. in a strong melodic Scottish 
voice that compelled the audience to join in on 
choruses and repeat lines. Between songs. they 
commented on the folk music reviva l in 
England where they live I Miss eeger was born 
in the United States) and gave interesting 
explanations of the ethnic background of the 
songs. 

Ever since Plato's " Crito" there has been considerable discussion 
bl f h I 

COMPANY In ~SSOCli"on with 
pr.o em o .. ow muc 1 obedience a citizen owes a lawful government. a -ro.blel" E.RT 
t 11 

"" PRooucnONS Pfe"'nl'el~ -U-_[!] 

During the intermission. they chatted WIth 
membcrs of the audience. answering questions, 
taking song requests. and di cussing song 
collecting . Miss Seeger 's father . Charles 
Seeger. a professor of ethnomusicology at 
UCLA, sat in the audience. Ii tening intently to 
the music. 

The small amount of publ icity given to the 
concert was apparently due to the concert being 
set so early 10 the year. 0 that the Program 
Board headed by Dan Sp liens and Public 
Relations Dir ctor Barbara Butler were not 
able to ~oordinate publicity plans. Spellens 
characterIZed th la~k of information prior to 

th~ concert betng gIven as an oversight, and 
MI SS Butler explained that she had not been 
informed that the concert was to take place 
until Wednesday prior to the event. 

With admiSSIOn to the concert set at $1 ($2 .50 
for non-students). A spent about 630 on the 
event. Spellens explained . however. that th 
Program Board had originally Intended that the 
concert be free. but they had followed th lead 
of other campuses at which Mac oil and MISS 
Seeger appeared durlOg th ir on w k visit to 
the nited States. and charged a nominal 
admission price. 

s I agolllZtng to our own age. " The Night Thoreau Spent in JaiL " rllrrl'nu... ~ f'IIUI:K 
plaYing at the Old Globe Theat r In Balboa park (student ticket for $1. 
explore the mailer from th perspective of Henry David Thoreau. Thorea ER FONDA DENNIS HOPPER 
noted early New England naturalist. writer , and thinker objected to an NICHOLSON · COLOR' R,lmed by COlUMBIA PlCIURES 
law- the law requiring fugitive slaves to be returned t~ the South. He aI5ll1:::::::-:--------------. 
objected to the unjustified Mexica n War and refused to pay hi s war tax wilich how he came to be in jail. . .... ________ .:.-._:..:...:......::....::.:...:.:.:.:...J 

Ronald HeHer. as Thoreau. faced a complex role . However, he managed 
creat~ a vlVldly human portrayal of a warm individual , following only his 
consc ience .. whlch luckily. was very well developed . The play centered 
human qualitIes Involved. rather than on the philosophic problem ~nn~orln" 
WIth whether one should alway - government be damned- do what one 

rt~ht, and only that. The e problem . whi h all thinking individuals must 
wllh. tend to produce bad drama if over-emphasized. There is nothing 
d adly than a play wh re charact rs get up on oap boxe and make 
peech throughout the last act. 
The J~rome Lawrence-Rob rt E. Lee play does not deal with the 

compl xlty .of the hi toncal Thoreau (nor is there any reason why it 
addressmg It elf to the a pect · we can most empathize with l'Urrpnlll 
may have been more t? the cha.racter than II (: ller captu red, but he rna 
capture the centralmdlvldual WIth ItS warmth and vigor. He even looked 
would imagine Thoreau to look . 

The action takes pia e in the Concord jail. with a serics of wei 
fla shback s presenting key incidents from Thoreau 's lifc . The 
have only a limited being in their own right. serving merely to 
Thor~~u . The oth r ~ in the cast are at lea s adequate. Cindy 
sensitive mterprela lIOn as Mrs. Emerson. Thoreau 's harmless and ra 
cell mate was wel.l sustained by Rob rt Ramsey. Patrick Hubbard 
powerful charac tunzallOn of Ralph Waldo Emerson, creatin~ another 
character- perhaps too forceful One major flaw in an oth rWI well 
I ' th tnt argu m nts given Emerson agatn t Thorcau's po. ILIon 
smart as Em rson c uld have don b II r th n that. 

I wou.ld r coml!lcnd th pia to all . of those int re ·t d in probl m of 
dlsobe~1 nc and In good theatr . ThiS IS a good production and ha a lot to 
the unlvcrslty community. 

4 th RECORD Week! 

ADMITTANC[ RESTRICTED TO ADULTS ONLY - A SHERPIX RELEASE ICOLOR! 

nNE ARTS \ A CADEMY 
IB18 GARNET STREET 274·4000 3nl UNIVERSlTV AVE 284·1000 

ON STAGE THRU NOV. 1 

7~~Ut9ad 
by Jerome lowrence ond 
Robert E. Lee 
A stimulating provocative new 
droma about the great American 
individualist Henry David 
Thor ou. 

llulltntl $1.,50 
uc.S.t.lilt. 

n 50 I " .00 (I . .. . W.d .Tho . .. Iv • • "' ••. , phone 239.2255 alter 
13 00 1 n so I''' .. Sol. hu.) - noon 
Sl .OO I SUO (S.n. M.II.) or Central Box Office, 
suo S" . • h •• ,.11. Ifnl ... d .... 1 . .. ' S.>.!... Lobby, Urey Hall. UCSD 

olb globe tbeatte 
bolboo po,.k 011 Ilog. 

~ __ 'QU4I1l 
BY VICTORR ERMA~. 

"An extraordinary effort . . . ... ivid. intense. al'd ex-
perimental in the best . boldest sense of the word " 
-Arthu r Knight of Playboy fame . "The continui~g 
story of a particular girl who dominates and mocks a 
s.uccessi~n of men (with their eager cooperation). and 
fina lly finds a form of fulfillmenl duri ng a gang 
rape."-V .E . 

--I11III FINE ARTS 
1818 GARNET STREET 274-4000 

A .TINE 
Alice 

In 
Wonderland 

Saturday 
Noon 
2722 

Faculty, Staff and 
Student's children. 

Frank 
Scalfone 
2000 Song Rep6,10tre 
Rock - Folk - Country - Soul 
Tuesday Ihru Saturday evenings 

Tour the CirCUli of sounds 
Lennon. Donovan. Reddmg 
Jefferson Alrelane • 
Tune up With a man who knows 
and has the louch 01 soul 
Get 1\ alilogelher With Frank Scalfone 
at the Grand PWt. 6th and B Downtown 

rnrn£6.1~[]] 1J1l]3~ 
Where mean,ngful trlendshlps beg·n." 

tunch 11 AM - 8 PM 

FINAL WEEKS! 
AQUARIUS THEATER 

6230 Sun .. t Blvd. 
. 6t·3571 

SniDINf l1eUU 
13. 50 0-11 n l, ha lf hour blfor. curtain for 
. 11 p,,'o,m.n,os. (suo/eer r. IV. II.~I" I,) 

1 O. R"lulrod 

folk arts 
blues , folk jiZZ, 

rock on record 
also : pottery, jewelry, 
luther. 

hand made clothes 
3753 india 

(corner washington 
Ind india) 

Angela Lansbury · rVhchael York 
"Something for Everyone' 
----CO-HIT!- - -

~@' 

Ollege 800 n . •. "IO.UlINO" 
El CAJON BLVD. AT 63RD ST. • 286-1455 

Thc ll1il1i~ter ' daughtt!r. 
Her father taught ht!r about God. 

The g>ps), taught her abollt Heaven. 

~ . '~-'j'Dri 
PARK BLVD. AT UNIVERSITY AVE •• 298-0577 
Triton Times October 16, 1970 Page 13 



f 

Flag foo tball will offer omerhing of fu n.fo; ev~ryone 

Intramural Griders Set Free 
Rocky 11 81(on 
S porl~ EdilOr 

Amid talk of Western European politicsand Nixon's choice of 
d odorant. the Intramural department has managed to save 
th day with the start of the football season. Under much wiser 
supervision this year, Lee Johnson expanded the football 
program to include four leagues and thirty teams a vast 
Improvement over last year. which saw only 3 leagues and 22 
teams. This success has been attributed to the devotion of the 
starr , and to the wide respon e which has made the 1M 
program grow at a markedly greater pace than enrollment. 

Lee has been helped thi year by two people- the beauty and 
the beast, Dave Arter and Britta Griffin (not necesarily in that 
order ). With the addition of the e two, Lee has much improved 
his communication and managed to get more time in order to 
better the referee school. and other things. 

The thirty teams have been divided evenly, (much to the 
dismay of the ghopher clan ) into 4 leagues : Muir, Revell , 
White and Red . 

Muir league feature a plethera of possible champions. Del 
Mar degenerates with Sauders and Ahern will be tough to beat, 
but for that matter. so will De Anza with the De Mio's, or the 
Horizontal Exercices. In any event the Muir league will be one 
of the most bitterly contested, especially when the big teams 
begin to play against each other . 

The Revell group will not be as powerfullas Muir's, but this 
will not take away any of the excitement. The Flagstaffers and 
Brand X are momentary leaders, but it remains to be seen who 
will take final control. 

The Red League seems to be the cage where all the animals 
have been thrown- gophers panthers, mud hens and dildo will 
all be pitting muscle and wit to see who will prevail. Rocky the 
Greek IS not saying who will win, but odds will be given at a 
later date . The momentary favorite is the Dildo team , but only 
because they can jack themselves up for the big games. 

Bio Chern and the Medi Maggots are the number one and two 
teams in the White , powder puff league. The Maggots , losing a 
heart breaker to the Bio boys are itching for a re·match, 
attributing the lose to the absence o~ the star Q.B. Rocky 
Halfon, who was religiously celebratmg Yom Kippur . The 
Raiders and Rams petitioned to be in thi s group but were 
booted becouse of incompetence. 

The way that the leagues are lining up, it looks as if ther will 
be more than one winner, as the playing and the enjoyment will 
provide reward enough for most teams. 

o good luck world , here come the MAGGOTS. 

STANDINGS 
MUIR W L T 
De l Mar Degenerates 2 o 0 
Super Spuds 2 o 0 
Hor izontal Exercisers 1 o 0 
DeAnza 1 o 0 
Argo II 1 1 0 
Snoids 0 1 0 
Downers 0 2 0 
Creeping Crud 0 3 0 

WHITE 
Bioi Chem 2 0 0 
Med ia Maggots 1 1 0 
Phackowii 0 0 2 
Phoen ix Mutual Life o 0 1 
Grand Canonical Ensemble o 0 0 
Turkeys o 1 1 
Stumblers o 1 0 
REVELLE 
Flag staffers 2 0 0 
Brand X 1 0 0 
Potatomen 1 0 0 
F.U.B.A.R. 0 0 0 
Meat iers 0 0 0 
Orcs IV 0 1 0 
Dungeeps 0 1 0 
Yuba City Honkers 0 2 0 
RED 
Purple Gophers 2 0 0 
BOI Didos 1 0 0 
Panthers 0 0 1 

ViewFromTheRoc 
Dissectors 0 0 1 
Toledo Mudhens 0 1 0 
Rubberband 0 1 0 
Quacks 0 1 0 

Rocky Halron 
porls Edilor 

PROPOSAL 
I} That Physical Education 

activity courses regularly 
scheduled by that Department 
be given a I 2 to I unit credit 
depending upon the context and 
requirements of the courses. 
2) Such courses will be under 
the jurisdiction of the 
Committee on Educational 
Policy. 
3) A maximum of four Physical 
Educa lion units may be 
presented by a student to 
satisfy electives required by 
his College toward graduation. 
Each College will determine 
the acceptibility of uch units 
in their graduation 
requirements. 

JUSTIFICATION 
I ) Physical Education is that 

supporta tive phase of our 
general education program 
which prov ides opportunities 
for students to acquire 
physiological , psychological 
and sociologica l development 
through participation in 
selected and co ntrolled 
physical activities. These 
activities have both immediate 
and continuing values for the 
individual participants. 

21 ome students require 
Physical Education credit to 
further th'ir ca reer 
preparation. 

a. Those" ho transfer to 
other instituti,'mi within and 
without the University of 
ahfornia syst( m must pr sent 

Physical educa: ion credit 
b. Those w .0 plafi to c~tcr 

elementary )r secondary 
educa tion. YO'lth work and 
oth r SOCial s~rv ice and 
function mus t also pre nt 
PhYSical Edue, tion credit 

3' Justifiea .ion for State 
fundin~ for per onnel and 
fa cilities: Th e State is 
reluctant to allocate additional 
capital improvement fund s 
when they are not recognized 
as being u d in the educational 
program. 

4) Th moral of the Physical 
Education staff would be 
improved and strengthened if 
th ir £forts wer r cognized 
by th academic community. 

The Council for 
Undergraduate Affairs and 
members of the Physical 
Education Department would 
be pleased to meet with the 
Committee on Educational 
Policy to examine in more 
detail this proposal. 

So read the proposa I 
presented by the Council on 
Undergraduate Affairs to the 
Committee on Educational 
Policy. This. as [ later found 
out, was the culmination of 
work begun about one year ago 
by Dr. Ted Forbes in an effort 
to : (1) Enhance the PE 
program and facilities (which 
are at the pre ent time already 
filled to capacity). and (2) 
Provide academic compensa· 
tion for PE classes. 

The first steps taken, up and 
down the U.C. rigamarole 
tarted around October '69 

when Dr. Forbe presented a 
basic proposal to William 
McGill. McGill . who liked the 

idea, passed it over to the 
C.U.A. , who passed it 
unanimously. During all this 
time the proposa I had already 
been approved by such people 
as Provost Saltman and Jack 
G. Blendinger, who is on the 
planning committee . The 
C.E.P. had this to say about it 
at a meeting on February 27 : 
"The CEP sub-committee on 
undergraduate courses has met 
to consider the subject of P.E. 
for credit on the UC campus. 
The present voluntary P.E. 
program with its varied 
activities is a great succe s. 
Students participating in large 
numbers have the opportunity 
to receive excellent instruction 
in improving their own 
particular skills. After saying 
this. the council voted not to 
pass the proposa I. As of now 
the question will be- Why? 

To be continued . 

Vo lley ball Class 

Page 14 Triton Time, Odober 16, 1970 

Mixed Results 

Open Season for Polo Men 
Kathy Johnson 

The UCSD Water Polo team officially opened 
its season a week ago, the results being a 
mixture of disaster and success. The disaster 
came in two forms, one of which might be called 
"Team shock" . On Friday the TRITONS 
discovered the difference between playing a 
team seasoned by seven previous games. and 
playing intra·squad games. ' UC Riverside. 
utilizing their swimmers to the utmost, took 
advantage of their floating goal, and floated it 
all the way back to the wall, extending the 
length of the field by 81h yds. The UCSD 
splashers learned a basic Ie son that day which 
wa s. simply, that sprinting 25 yds. on a break is 
rarely of value. defensively or offensively, if the 
other end of the pool is still at the other end of 
the pool when you top. 

The next day found UCSD in Pomona , where 
things started orr on a very bright note. The 
TRITO S were matched with the host team in 
the intra·squad team round of the SCIA 
Tournament. Being in control most of the game, 
UCSD nabbed its fir t victory of the infant 
season with a score of 1l·8. Having advanced to 
the second round , UCSD once again encountered 
UC Riverside. Everything favored UCSD- until 
the opening whistle, that is. This time the pool 
was small and UCR was forced to swim in 
circles. Less than two minutes into the game, 
sophomore sta rter Jim toner glanced at the 
referee and sneezed. lie was prompely thrown 
out of the game for his snotty attitude. Despite 
this blow to manpower and morale, the 
TRITONS found themselves leading &-5 at the 
third quarter . Unfortunately, fourth quarters 
tend to be more critical in the end than the first 

three . The TRITONS continued to play an 
exceptionally rough defensive game (as 
opposed to Riverside's exceptionally dirty 
defensive game ), and in the end piled up 37 
team fouls, having fouled out everyone except 
coach Fred Becker, who was ready to play in his 
underwear if given the opportunity. The final 
score saw UCR (who eventually went on to win 
the tournament) up by a margin of two , which 
might have on ly been one, had Gary Becker not 
achieved the impossible by missing a penalty 
shot late in the game. 

As the team travels to Santa Barbara this 
weekend for the AII·Cal, there is an exceptional 
feeling of enthusiasm for the games with both 
Riverside and Davis. These teams should now 
be evenly matched with a UCSD squad that i 
working as a unit. UCLA , last year's number 
one team in the nation and CAA champs. has 
again turned up its nose at the tournament, as 
has Berkeley. But UCSD should encoun ter what 
might be called "stiff" competition from UCSB, 
last years tournament champs, and UC Irvine, 
who has already beaten UCLA this year, and 
who no doubt regards itself as one of the best 
polo teams in the Milky Way. 

Next Wednesday the TRITONS will have the 
home pool advantage for the first time this 
year. Keep your eye out for game time and 
come early to beat the crowd. If the team comes 
together this weekend as much as it did last 
weekend . you should see a well·o iled machine in 
action which will cause a lot of problems for 
olher schools this year . If they don't, well, al 
least you might see a well·oiled coach. 

ll~SKEI'II~~< 
MANAGER NEEDED 
Contact Coach Cunningham' 

PE Dept. 

AMERICA! THOSE RUMORS 
YOU'VE BEEN HEARING ARE TRUE! 
THE BEER WHICH BEARS THE LEGENDARY SNEDLEY FAMILY NAME IS HERE! 

KING SNEDLEY'S BEER! WHAT A FAMILY! WHAT A BEER! 

KING SNEDLEY started it all . Yes, the kin dly ruler of the Kingdom of HOPLAND 
devoted ten years to developing an incredible beer recipe. Ten years locked away in 
a room just two feet by ten feet . .. with only a seventy-five pound cat for company. 
He studied ... he tested .. . he sampled . .. he perfected KING SNEDLEY'S BEER! 
QUEEN LUCLEE is his wife, a young woman with two great assets .. . her beauty and 
her youth. In fact,a whole bunch of youths . PRINCESS FATOONA is their daughter, 
a sweet girl but one who has been left at the altar so many times she's developed 
an altar-ego. WEAKLING PRINCE STAN is their son. He re-
ceived his unfortunate name some years ago during a duel. 
It seems that his adversary discovered, instead of taking ten 
paces, Stan had taken a powder .. . never to return. 
THE SNEDLEYS .. . you may like them ... you may not under-
stand them . . . you may forgive them . . . you may fear them ... 
they may fear you . .. but as strange as the SNEDLEY family 
may be . . . YOU WILL LOVE THEIR BEER! 
KING SNEDLEY'S BEER ... a truly swell beer! 

LOOK FOR THE ROYAL FAMILY ON THE CAN! 

Tri ton Times October 16, 1970 

J 

Page 15 



FRIDAY - October 16 

CONVOCATION-a convoca-
tion honoring the members of 
the first freslunan class of Muir 
College and celebrating the 
college's move to a permanent 
campus will be held at 2 p.m. on 
the Muir College Greens. 
Former Chief Justice Earl 
Warren will be the main 
speaker. 

LECTURES-12 noon, Sumner 
Auditorium, Marine Biology 
Seminar, Dr. Thomas Berman, 
"Lake Kinneret Limnology; An 
Integrated Approach." 

MOVIES-Friday Nite "licks, 
. "Alice in Wonderland" 

presented by the Del Mar 
Assoc. in the gym at 8 p.m. 

Sherwood Hall, La Jolla , 
"The Ritual," an Ingmar Berg-
man film is being shown along 
with two short films, "The 
Machine" by Wolfgang Urchs, 
and " Dialog" by Dirautin 
Vunak. Showtimes: 7 & 9 p.m. 
$1.50 

Unicorn, a three-week tribute 
to director Orson Wells opens 
this week with "Macbeth" and 
"Magnificent Amberson". For 
more info call 454-7373. 

MUSIC-Coffee Hut, entertain-
ment for the weekend provided 
by Brian Steeger and Pam 
Clark, at 9 p.m. 

San Diego Symphony opens 
its season with mezzo soprano 
soloist Janet Baker at the Civic 
Theater, 8:30 p.m. For more 
info call 236-S510. 

Grossmont College-Dol-
metsch Ensemble in concert, 8 
p.m. in the Fine Arts Lecture 
Hall. 

ART EXHIBITS-UCSD Art 
Ga lIery , "The Bocour Artist 
Colors Collection" thru Novem-
ber 1. Hours : Tuesday thru 
Sunday 11-4 p.m. and Wednes-
day evenings from 8-10 p.m. 

Grossmont College, "Syn-
chromies; " Smithsonian exhi-
bit thru October 23. 

Southwestern College Art 
Gallery, "Roots of California 
Culture" from the Smithsonian 
Institution thru November 15. 

La Jolla Museum of Art, 
modern sculpture from the 

CONTROVERSIAL 
BOOK STORE 

Page 16 Triton Times 

Weiner Palm Springs collection 
and paintings by James 
DeFrance, thru October 25. 

Fine Arts Gallery, Balboa 
Park, Art Guild Exhibition '70, 
thru November 8. Also monu-
mental sculpture of Arnaldo 
Pomodoro. 

SPORTS & RECREATION- Bi-
cycle Club meets 12 noon in the 
PE classroom. 

Fencing Club meets at 3 p.m. 
on the north balcony in the gym. 

Folkdancing in the gym at 8 
p.m. 

Synchronized swimming in 
the pool at 10 a.m. 

SATURDAY - October 17 

MUSIC-Coffee Hut entertain-
ment by Brian Steeger and Pam 
Clark at 9 p.m. 

SPORTS-Hockey, San Diego 
Gulls vs. Salt Lake City in the 
Sports Arena lil8 p.m. For more 
info call 224-4171. 

ART EXHIBITS--<:heck under 
Friday's listings 

MOVIES-She wood Hall, 
check under Friday's listings 

Unicorn, check under Fri-
day's listings 

SUNDAY - October 18 

CONCERT-at UCSD, Hot Tuna 
(Jefferson Airplane minus 
Grace Slick), Pink Floyd, Leon 
Russell, and Dry Creek. 
Tickets : $2.50. 

Civic Theater, Guy Lombardo 
and His Royal Canadians, 8:30 
p.m. For more info call ~510. 

CHURCH SERVICES-"One 
Non-Negotiable Demand" is the 
theme for Pastor Huber 's 
homily. University Lutheran 
Church will present a folk mass 
beginning at 10 a.m. Child care 
is provided. 9595 La Jolla Shores 
Dr. 

MON DA Y - October 19 

LECTURES-11 a.m., 2A-4218 
Muir, APIS Seminar, Ronald 
Pogorzelski, " Invariant Im-
bedding and the Scattering of 
Electomagnetic Waves by 
Inhomogeneous. " 

12 noon, Catamaran Hotel, 
Mission Bay, UCSD Men's Club, 
Ed Miller and Bob Thomas, 
candidates for district attorney, 
will discuss the issues as they 
see them. Price of luncheon : 
$2.70. 

1 p.m., 307 Vaughn Hall, SIO, 
Applied Ocean Sciences Semi-
nar, Cliff Schatz, Kennecott 
Exploration, Inc., "Deep-Ocean 
Search for Mineral Deposits." 

2:30 p.m., 2A-2301 Muir, Pro-
fessor James Arnold, "Struc-
ture of Meteorites." 

4 p.m., 2A-2113 Muir, AMES 
Departmental Seminar, Dr. S. 
S. Penner, "Severe Storms 
(Hurricanes and Tornadoes) ." 

4 p.m., 2622 USB, Chemistry 
Colloquium, Dr. Ed. O'Neal, 
San Diego State College, "ther-
mochemical Kinetics of Small 
Ring Compounds and Poly-
cyclic Systems." 

CAREER SEMINAR-North-
western University School of 
Law will have representatives 
on campus to conduct a career 
seminar. For more information 
call CEPC at ext. 2401. 

SPECIAL-Cid Corman, noted 
poet and Regents ' lecturer will 
highlight this month's Guest-in-
Residence program with an 
informal discussion in the In-
formal Lounge in the Revelle 
Commons at 7:30 p.m. 

TUESDAY - October 20 

LECTURES-12 noon, 2622 
USB, AMES Fluid Dynamics 
Film Series, Title of film : 
"Deformation of a Continuous 
Media. " 

4 p.m., HL 1148, Solid State 
Physics Seminar, Dr. J. L. 
Beeby, Harwell, England , 
"Atom-surfact Scatterings." 

4 p.m., 2622 USB, Chemical 
Physics Seminar, Dr. Bruce 
Mahan, UCB, "Ion Molecule 

. Reaction Synamics." 
6:30 p.m., Dr. James R. 

Nelson, Professor and Vice-
Chairman of the Department of 
Neurology, School of Medicine, 
will be guest on "Topic," KF-
MB-Radio (760) to speak on 
"Drug Abuse and the Nervous 
System." 

the fine arts store 
formally (hamlin. art IVppIIet) 

complete line of art supplies 

custom and stock framing 

'new' poster cubes $1.98 
posters and prints 

art books 

candles 

1 S% discount to students 
(good during Oclober only) 

hrs ' -5:30 m-f '-5 sat 

4683 ClSS plcific beach 

October 16, 1910 

411 ·6350 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Please return the contents of 
wallet stolen Tuesday to HL 
1502. Money doesn't maHer but 
the identification is important. 
Return to HL 1502 or through 
campus mail. 

Classifieds 

The PE Department is now in 
the process of starting a UCSt: 
Tennis Club to include staff 
students and faculty for tht 
purpose of recreational play 
This is to include all levels 0 
players. For information abou 
membership contact Jens Birk 
toft ext. 1482. 

?AC~r~C 
YAMAKA 

complete sales 
8t service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
155& ,Irnlt IVI 
,Ieifie beaeh 274-6343 

LAW SEM INAR 
Two practicing allorney will 
be in Conference Room IlIA, M. 
C., from 9 to 10 a .m., Monday, 

ctober 19, 1970, to talk with 
students interes ted in careers 
in law. They will de cribe the 
law-school experience, the kinds 
of work performed by lawye r , 
some of the pleasure , frustra· 
tions, hazards, etc., law tudent.s 
and law ye r s, ma y experience . 
Following the seminar, Mr . 
William ,;vinson, from a law 
firm in Chicago, will be available 
to talk with s tudents who may be 
interested in the Northwestern 

ni ve rsity chool of Law . He will 
be available until approximately 
2 or 3 p.m . 

For Sale 
GARAGE ALE 

at. & Sun. Oct. 17 & 18 : 
bedroom set , riviera couch, 
tables, chairs, refridg, di shes, 
sewing machine, living room et . 
T .V., pool table, odds & ends. 
7529 Hjgh Ave. , La Jolla 

-454-5867-

urfboards-6'8" Nuuhiwa 
Team board 550. 6 ' 8" O' Neill 
520. 7'8" Del 01 Gun 550. 
Rick-308 "B" • Cedros, 
Solana Beach. 

Personals 
Attractive senior male would like 
female company on weekends. 
Interview available . Call 
Win ton, 453-8867. 

LOST-Girl' blue 3 p. bike 
outside gym on Monday eve. 
Desperately needed for physical 
disability reasons. I can not 
afford to replace bike . 
Please return. Phone 453·0183 
or to eampus police. 

erious eeker of Truth 
Meeting [very Frida y Nit e 
8 p.m. - 931 26th treet. 

Job Opportunities 
The NAVAL. NDE R EA 
RESEARCH A D DEVELOP-
MENT CENTER is interested in 
Bachelor's and Master's Degree 
candidate in Phys ics, Mathe-
mati cs, Information cience, 
Mechanical and Electri cal 
Engineering for employment in 
analytical work, applied re earch, 
and mechanical or electroni c 
design. A few po itions are also 
available for graduate s in 
Aeronautical Engineering , 
General Engineering, and 
Oceanography. 

Positions are in their Pasadena 
and an Diego Laboratories. 
Interviews will be conducted at 
the an Diego L.aboratory on 

HONDA CARS 
$1395°0 

Pacific Honda-1269 Garnet 

Serv1ces 
Baby iller wanted-Wind 
ea beach area . 2 or 3 

noon a week - 454-098 

Folk guitar teacher. Exoerien.p'-
and patient adult. Walk i 
distance from campu . 453-764 

Typing: Reasonable rate 
students and teacher . Thesis, 
Venice 272-1013. 

Typing ... Experienced typist .. 
papers, the is. Electric 
Will do rush job. 453-6835 . 

WA 

Roommates 
Wanted 

re n t 
utilitie , washer, phone, TV , 
etc. Call 279-8811 after six. 

Share 2 br furnilhed 
in Claire mont. $80/ mo . 
Itaff member. Call Sandy. 
1226 or 273·6296. 

Female roomate needed, on the 
ocean , outh Mi s ion Beach . 
5100. Call 488-8273. 

Wedne day, Octob r 21 , 1970. 
Arrangements for interviews may 
be made by calling the Career 
Planning Center, ext. 2401. 

Candidate for these position 
mu t upply the Career Planning 

enter (250 M.C.) with a resume 
or compl te a tudent Informa· 
tion Form by 4 :30 p.m . Monday, 
October 19. 

laboratories and these career 
positions are available at the 
Career Planning Cen ter. We 
recommend that candidate read 
thi s information before th ei r 
interview . 

Mr. William l. Wheaton of the 
Monterey Institute of Foreign 

tudies will be on campus Mon· 
da y, Octobe r 19 , 1970, to 
describe th In titute' 
to interes ted students. 

The ba s i c purpo se of the 
M~nterey Institute of Foreign 

tudies i ' to provide a better 
understanding of other nation 
and cultures. 

Master's degrees are offered in 
tanguag e and Civiliza tion , 
Ilumanities and oeial Sciences, 
Linguistics and Education. 

Careers for whi h th e cur-
riculum prepar~ it 
includ : Foreign ervice, Teach-
ing, Tran lation and I nterpreta· 
tion , International Communiu' 
tion . 

Mr. Wheaton will be in roo" 
2148 Bid!! . 2D Muir Camp. 
from 9 a .m. - 3 p.m. October 
19, 1970. 


