
. ., 

V.'ume ", I.m"er .2 U"iversify .1 (a'il.mia, Salt Dieg. Friday, Novem"er 6, .970 

Dogs are fa ithful , playful, and amourous. And everybody loves dogs. Right? Wrong. orne people even want to impose 
limitations on where dog can go. ee articles on si tuation at UC D (below) and UC Davis.(page six) . 

t' 5 A Dog's Life 

'Man's Best Friend' Is In 
Jeopardy On And Off Campus 

Robert Miller 
Stoff Writer 

In the 0 ommunity the status of " man's be t 
riend ." th dog. is in severe j opardy. Our canin 
!omrade have be n banned from the re iden hall and 
he cafeteria . Some professors become annoyed when a 
log nters hi cla in search of enlightenment. And to 
urther illustrate the dog ' predicament. a mild furor i 
:urrenlly erupting at the Mesa Apartments over th p t 
lolicy ince one of the tenants is housing I what else?) a 
log. 
The policy at the Mesa Apartm nts forbids the 

Ire ence of any pets in the residences. But r c nUy. 
;raig Glad . who i ' legally blind. brought in a puppy in 
lopes of training it to eventually be a guid dog. In 

~ pon e. everal other Mesa residents. I d by Jim 
,onnor . have filed suit again t the niversity for breach 
,f contract. and against the Glads for negligence. 

What ha gone into setting up this dramatic s enario is 
thi : 

In the initial Mesa ouncil meting for this quarter . a 
policy of holding the matter of the Glads' dog in 
abeyance was adopted . A letter was sent out t Mesa 
r ident concerning th maller . A committee consisting 
of two pro-pet peopl and two anti-p t peopl wa formed 
to i nvestiga t th i u . 

Ilowever, th Me a ouncil con i ts only of the 
resident who attend the p cific me ting. It is nol a 
standing body. At a mol' recent ouncil meeting. the 
anti-pet group packed th m ting with those favoring 
eviction of th Glads. A vote of 40-20 for eviction took 
place. 

Decision Opposed 
As a I' suit. Ruth A tel. a Mar ident. sought a 

The Marsh: 
Preserving the Preserve 

John Bull 

" Two hundred acres of reeds, willows. wamp, and mud : the an Joachin 
Marsh. It eems a paradise for the snowy egret and the duck in the early light of a 

alifornia dawn. 
" But do s it offer omething as well for people? Or is it worthies ?" 

- from the Irvine ompany magazine. New World of Irvine. 

Irvine. lUnipress ) 
In April of thi s year, after four years of hemming and hawing. the niver ityof 

alifornia purcha ed a low-lyi ng area to the northwe t of the Irvine campu 
known as the San Joachin Mar h. The 12th uch area purcha ed by the niversity 
as an ecological preserve, it brought the Irvine Company 200,000 and the Irvine 
campu one of the fine t single remaining areas where land and water birds 
together can be tUdied . It is a major stop on the Pacific Flyway for such 
migratory fowl a the Canadian goo and the American widgeon. The nowy 
egret and the great blue heron re ide in the marsh all year. and land bird and 
such larger animal a deer and coyotes are frequent visitor . Each year at this 
time thousands of duck u e the marsh a a re ling place on their way outh. 

ow the niver ity ilea ing a large chunk of this ecological pre erve to the 
an Joachin Gun lub. 

Gun Club Ha lO-Year Lea e 
n Wednesday and Friday you'll find memb rs of this gun club bang 10 away 

at the duck from an extensive set of blind they have con tru ted in th mar h 
area . The " even to ten member " of thi exclu ive bunch have a l().vear lea on 
the mar h and are forking acro s over 3000 this year for the privilege of bagging 
a guaranteed limit of birds right In the heart of Orange ounty 

The San Joachin Gun lub i but one of several duck hunting organizatIOn In 
th immediate area of Irvine. However. it is a v ry old one. haVing hunted In the 
marsh under an agreement with th Irvine Company for many year Ju t who 
the San Joachin Gun Club i . though. remains something of an enigma. 

Members hun Publicity 
Evidently afraid of any publicity. most members ar very noncommuOlcalive 

However. at least on memb I' i ' known- the Corporate 'ecretaryof th Irvine 
ompany. harles Wh el r A former member i that inlamou niver Ity of 

Ca lifornia Regent and r nown d duck hunter. EdWin Pauley Evidently. Pauley 
was a ked to leave the club when he . Baran Hilton. and a former tate fI hand 
game commi sioner wer caught early one morning with 49 ducks dangllOg from 
their belt and carryiog ill gaily modIfied hotgun . 

The Pau ley incident I n't the only tain on th c1ub 's blott r Golf r at the 
adjoining cour e have complaln 'd about hot lrom the member " gun 
periodi ally flying over the cours nd last ea on the :'\ewport DAILY PILOT 
r ported the pre ence 01 severa l hunter type floating around In the back bay one 
morning. ca ring dllck to flight by banging on drum . The di placed bird flew. 
th n. to the nearest marsh area . where the an Joachin Gun C1ub's member ' 
w re ready to gun th m down. 

Th lease agreement. igned in August of thi year by the Regent and a Mr 
William Hamilt n for th club. ha cau ed much con ternatlOn In the choolof 
Biological ciences hr . Dr. Gordon Mar h. ('urator of \' s Mu um of 
ystematic Biology. recount the following rea ons for the ultimate deci IOn to 

lease the land to the club : 
Club U ed as Fund ource 

.. After the marsh was purcha ed . th chancellor (Aldrich , tlpula ted that 
lunds for the proper management of the pre erve could not be upph d by the 

niver ity. 0 we tarted looking lor out Ide mon y ource. and were 
approached by the gun club It wa on way to obtain th nece sary money " 
Throughout the interview. Marsh was ob iously pain d by the thought of hunters 
on an cological preserve. but re ignedl yadd d. " I am not going to make any 
kind of moral judgem nt at all. " 

Dr. Marsh explain d that the probl ms of maintenance of th mar h are co t1y. 
d aling with water and veg tatlOn balance. and th control of acce to the land. 
The 3000 the gun club will pay th niver ity this year will e:arcely cover 
maintenance costs. A Mar'h talked . It became vldent that he hop d that 
another revenue source could oon b lound 

The Billing an area as a natural wildlife pre erve whil allowing for a regular 
skeet- hoot of it · ne ting ducks IS incongruou . And on wond r jU. t how long 
wandering d er will continu to vi it an area which on two day' each wk ' und 
like the inco de Mayo celebration outside Hu song's In Ens nada 

The mar 'h i an int gral part 01 th ecology of South rn California and a 
provides a rare opportunity to . tud y at c10s hand the relallon 'hips b twe n plant 
and animal life. nd th gun club i but one 01 s {'ral thr ats to It continued 
exi tence. Orange Count. 's Highway 0 partment se ms ready to do It part by 
ext nding 'ampus Driv directly through th marsh to Jamboree R ad And a 
mosquito abatement group in Orange ounty ha - also had its eye on th mar 'h 
lately. pre sUring th niv('f 'Ity to control the 10: ('t · breedlOg th re 

Getting nd of mosqUItoes al 0 co. ts money. Bullf they foll.)w the logiC that led 
th m to sanctIOn a gun club on an ecological prc rvc. th y Inlght JU ,t try DDT 

Eviction Averted 
minority rep rl. Sh and oth r tenants is u d a p tition .--_____________________________ --, 
and collected 50 signatures from Me a r sid nt against 

Orig inally eviction proc edings were start d again t 
he Glad b cau of th dog . but through th efforts of 
) an of Stud nt Affair Smith. the issu of evicti n was 
'Ut in ab vance. 

fI vote of M sa r sidents i ' to b h Id this Thursday 
Inct Frtday to decide wh th r the no-p t policy hould b 

nfol'(~ed Th result will not b binding. but it will hold 
'rpat weight at the offic " of 0 an Murphy and fith 
nct at th lIousing Office. wher£' th ultimat d I ' IOn 
III1Inally r t. 
However. a mov{' is ~elng made to overrule th 
oratortum concerning th Glads' dog and to forc their 

Vlction . But th iS d v lopment is a . y t not fully c1 ar . 
h vot will ti ll be held. 

th d cision. 
It has been r p rt d thatth law suit will b dropprd il 

th evi tion of the Glads is carried out. But a 'cording to 
'raig lad . thi s has not y t OCCUlT d. 
Jim onnors. th lead r of th anti-pet group . has held 

to the c ntention that the Glads invalidat d everyone 's 
contra t with the Me a partm nts b bringing 'in the 
dog. He i ' exerting pressure through hi ' law 'uit on th 

niv r ·it. to Vlc' t th Glads and t uphold th' l'ontra('t 
Precaution Taken 

ccordlng to Cr;Hg Glad. who IS a 'soc lal d With UeS!) 
Lit Dcpt.. om PI' cautIOns ar b Ing taken to I . n th(' 

t onlinued on page 2 1 

A.S. Referendum Slated 
A ref r ndum , open to all CSO un - unip:;:, approved by th tudent In a gen ral 

d rgraduat s, Will be held ovember ~ .Jby the election . 
lated Students Three qu Sll n Will ap-

pear on the ballot 
I I ) To prohlblllh CounCil from pa Ing 

re ' lullon on national or Int rnallonal polillc . 
"n forth, uch que tlOn would be refprred to 
th voters In a referendwn 

121 0 gen ral tudent stnk shall be c lied BriO }0W' Y 1I0w S card to vot •• 



DO.g5! Dogs! Dogs! • • • 
(Continued from page I I 

incon venience on the other MeS<J residents resulting 
from the dog's presence. He aid that he 'had fenced off 
an area (or the puppy and has made sure the area 
remains clean. 

Yet Glad fee ls that the issue extends beyond the 
presence of the dog. " [t's a shame that this thing has 
taken on political aspects. I feel it' a conflict between 
li fe styles. but it should not have those connotations. I 
don' t feel it's right for one minority to di tate th life 
style of another significant minority. " sa id Glad . 

Smith Sees No Violation 

Dean Smith said that since Glad is considering using 
the dog as a guide dog. hi s keeping the pet will not violate 
the contract. He also pointed out that the role of the Me a 
Council if significantly contributing to Mesa poli cy is not 
a departu r from previous policy. 

"As fa" a a rea sse sment of thi s policy. the Mesa 
Counci l \ 1111 determine it through this week's poll. I see 
this as a cdtlt lnuation of the role for the Mesa Council in 
greatly h21ping to formulate policy concerning the Mesa 
residencf ·s." said Dean Smith. 

Over-Reaction Surprising 

The 0 ,er-reactlOn against the dog has surprised 
several \1tsa residents. especia lly Craig Glad. 'T m 
amazed at th over-reaclion It' s im portant fo r th 
children to be tamiliar Wi th la rger animals. It's even 
wor!>e sl1ce a lot 01 their parents are also afraid of the 
dogs. The presence of dogs wil l al so bring the Mesa 

communll~' in closer ront<JC'tlo r('ology since they won't 
b complelely abso rbed with the huma n ani ma l." sa id 
Glad 

The feellOl( h Id b~' Glad and those In lavor of keeping 
the pets IS tha t both Council deci -ions ~hould be 
invalidated and th final deC ision should br lett up the 
Me 'a resld 'nts. But thos against pets sull demand th ir 
removal 

LEFCOURT: 'Every Panther Is 
Guilty of Conspiring To Be Free' 

Madison (cps I - Recently. Uni versity of Wisconsin Daily organization that has ever come on the set has been stopped in 
Cardinal As ociate Editor Peter Greenberg interviewed Black New York. New York, in a ten mile square radius having 
Panther defense lawyer Gerald Lefcourt in his New York law millions and million' of black people and also in the middle of 
office. Lefcourt is one of five lawyers presently defending 21 the eastern estab lishment, is the danger point for the powers 
B[ack Panthers in a trial stemming from a 30-count indictment that be. And therefore, every attempt is made to stifle, harass. 
of the Panthers. ranging from conspiracy to bomb to repres black groups as they form here in New York . Malcolm 
attempted murder. Lefcourt began his legal career as a Legal X was indeed shot to death here in New York . [t ca n even be 
Aid Society lawyer. where he first became acquainted with the traced as far back as Marcus Garvey. When he was stopped in 
Panthers. Originally he was a member of a three-man defense New York. The Panther party is no different. An indication of 
Leam which included William Kuntsler and Len Weinglas in that is the New York secret service police, which are the mo t 
lhe trial of the Chicago 8. but left the team in April 1969 when sophisticated in the United States and more feared or should be 
the" ew York 21" were indicted and arrested . He has worked more feared than the FBI. There are indications that this 
on the case ever since. The following is the transcript of lhat secret service known as police BOSS (Bureau of Special 
interview. Services l. the hero of secret servict!s, has infiltrated the Black 

College Press Service : When did you first get involved with Panther Party before they ever arrives here in New York and 
the Panthers? in fact helped start the party here. That is because they want to 

Lefcourt: My first involvement with the Panthers was back control them. They want to make sure that they can make 
in August, 1968. [ remember it was in August that I received a those harassment arrests thal are so necessary for the stifling 
phone call that some Panthers had been arrested. At that time of political activity. 
they were unknown in New York . We had some news of the CPS : When you talk about the bail , the original Panther bail 

alifornia organization but in '68 the Panthers'were new here. [ in 1968 was set at 50,000 escalating to $100.000 for the Panther 
went down to the court and I was told by a family in the 21. We could assume for the record that these types of arrests 
courthouse that the three had been arrested for as aulting will continue. What can you do about the bail? 
police .officers. That first case in New York involved an Lefcourt : Well , I don ' t think that lawyer can do anything 
allegation. from police which claimed that three Panthers about it. We have taken the bail situation. to the Supreme Court. 

a~tacked live armed-to-the-teeth cop on a Brooklyn str et at2 The Supreme Court has avoided it. Specifically, in the Panther 
o clock In the mormng. What IS even more absurd . when r got 21 case we went through 43 judges trying to get that bail 
to see t.hem t~ey were bandaged, h~ads cracked, arms III slings reduced. all unsuccessfully. You can only conclude that there is 
and things like that and the . police o[fleers who they had a general conspiracy in the courts to make sure that Black 
allege?ly assaulted were standlOg 10 the courtroom With gnns Panther leaders are not free. 
?n their faces,. untouched. An? whe~ the ease came before the CPS : In the ca e of the 21 there has been a lot of confusion in 
Judge. for arraignment and ball settlOg, the first ball set on any the press. What exactly have they been charged with? 
case III New York City involVing the ~Iack Panther Party was Lefcourt : It is a 30 count indictment. [t is the most 

5~.OOO each. That started a whole senes of outrageous ransom comprehen ive indictment ever returned against a political 
bal.ls. harassment arrests. fr~med charges and a sltua~lOn organization in this country. It does not charge one act such as 
which led directly t.o the arrest of the Panther 21 on Apnl 2. Huey Newton shooting a policeman or Bobby Seale ordering a 
1969 a~out eight or nine mont~ s ~fter the party was formed. murder in Connecticut. It charges 30 acts , orne of which 

CPS . You defended the.onglnal three Black Panthers that sounded like conspiracy which means conspiracy to bomb 
got arrested for assault. Did they get off? . public buildings such as Macy's. Gimbels, and various police 

Lefcourl. Yes. It was a total fabri catIOn. The Idea of precincts throughout the city, subways and railways. Including 
u~arn:ed Panthers attacking armed police In the dead of the the ridiculous charge of conspiracy to blow up the Bronx 
mght 10 Bro,oklyn. It wa,s ~ust too ~bsurd to be believed . But the Botanical Gardens. Ma ybe the Panthers wanted to see Black 
others dldn t get ofr. We ve ha? literally hundreds of ~anther flower power. I don't know. The indictment al 0 charges, 
arrests In New York. And there s a reason for that. Ithlnk.New besides the conspiracy to do all these things. the actual 
York has hl stonc~lIy been the front hnes for the black bombings of police precincts back in January of 1969. 
liberation struggle In the United States. What happens in ew Therefore the charges are arson attempted murder 
York usually generates throughout the nation. The Harlem ' , , 
riots of 1964 spread at a fantastic rate. Every black Icontinued on page lS I 

Irvine Company Withdraws City Plan; 
Simon Says They Are 'Scared' 

Irvine (Unipress) - [n a surprise move last week, the [rvine . 
Company withdrew its controversial plan for the expansion of 
the City of Irvine near the University of California campu s 
there. 

Raymond Watson who had presented the proposal to the 
Regents. 

Collins claimed that the company does not control the CCI , 
but he was forced to admit that the company owns more than 
one-third of the 54.000 acres to be incorporated. 

ssues Now' 

sla Vista-What Happens Novv? 
Kathy Rust 

Stall Writer 
Everyone now knows what went on in 

Vista this past year. thanks to the 
media. Many people are aware of 

n"'.>IUI" causes of the sudden rash of 
Isla. thanks to the numerous 
1II~.,.uo.,and studies. 

question that remains is what will 
to Isla Vista now? Have any of 

recommendations 
solve the riot-endemic conditions 

Vista? What efforts are the 
and the community making to 

outbreaks of violence? 
some of the questions that 

Now panel considered 
lIednf~sd,IY evening. 

Were All Sides Represented? 
The panel was a judicious sampling of 

segments of the UCSD 
Dr. James J . Sullivan, a 

" r"I".:<nr of economics, represented the 
faculty. Miss Linda Bond was the 

Ponl<PI"Vative student" panel member 
the only female. Mr. 

Look, a polite, midd le-aged 
an~eml~er of the community represented 

Est.ablishlment." Mr. Look was a 
. I'mllpr the 46-member Citizens' 

which issued a report 
the cause of the riots on 
. Mr. James Gregory, a 
haired version of Richard 

n, represented the Isla Vista 
tion. The final panel member was 

forceful , deliberate Mr . Edward 
former City A ttorney of San 
and a member of President 

tch's Commission on Isla Vista . 
Moderator Sheldon Schultz introduced 

panel members and each, in turn , 
a brief analysis of the problem and 

own ideas on how it can be solved. 

Analysis And Ideas".Solutions: 
Dr. Sullivan gave a general history of 

community of Isla Vista and related 
events of the last two years to 

. te where the university and the 
a Cimnnurli' lly are still remiss in their 

sibi ' ty to Isla Vista . He said that 
stage was set for future problems 
n the University withdrew 

sibility for Isla Vista in 1964 . 
described Isla Vista as "a 

atl ir rrl('n< m of a larger society", which 
spec ial only in the compo ilion of its 
groups. 
ISS Linda Bond is currently involved 
the Isla Vista Community Affairs 
rd, which represents the UCSB 

iated Students. She related that 
group, along with 74 similar groups, 
actively involved in trying to build 

community spirit in [sla Vista . Some of 
their activities include trying to obtain 
land for public parks. improving street 
lighting. and building more sidewalks. 
The groups are also working to "cease 
exploitation by realtors," which is one 
of the most common complaints about 
housing conditions in Isla Vista . [n Miss 
Bond's opinoin. the most positive 
accomplishment of the Community 
Affairs Board is the creation of the Isla 
Vista Community Service Center. The 
Service Center will help anyone, 
whether or not he is an Isla Vista 
resident, in return for service to the 
community. For example, one girl did 
her service to the community by baking 
bread for the Service Center doctors. 

Mr. Richard Look, a member of the 
Citizens' Commission, characterized the 
Commission as " as essentially 
establishment group." It purposely did 
not include any students, faculty, police 
or county officials, who might have an 
"over-riding bias" on the subject. The 
Commisssion was formed in June, 1970, 
because certain members of the 
community fe lt that " things had been 
done in the name of the community that 
we didn' t want done." Mr. Look made an 
analogy between Isla Vista and a hotel 
that has obstacles to trip over. He said 
that there are two possible solutions to 
the problem: one can either eliminate 
people who take advantage of the hotel , 
or one can eliminate the obstacles that 
people trip over. In the same way, he 
suggested that rather than punish the 
students who riot , it would be better to 
identify the reasons for their discontent. 

Mr. James Gregory tried to correct 
the misconception that [sla Vista is a 
"student ghetto." He said that " it is not 
significantly different from UCSD, UC 
Berkeley, or Kent State. Gregory 
considered the ba ic problem in Isla 

V~sta to be "a polarization of groups 
With the community," such as Black, 
White , and Chicano students and older, 
more conservative Americans. In 
Gregory's opinion , one of the most 
powerful forces alienating the youth is 
the " repressive altitude of the 
government toward marijuana." He 
said that any attempt to control the u e 
of marijuana i viewed as "an attempt 
to railroad the community. 

What Happens Now? God Knows! 
Mr. Edward Buller. a member of the 

Hitch Commission. discussed two major 
themes that he detected in the 
discussions about [sla Vista. The first 

there was that Isla Vista re embled 
TilE LORD OF TilE FL[ES. Buller saw 
a resemblance between [sla Vista 
students and the group or Engli sh 
schoolboys isolated on an island in 
Golding 's novel. Both groups ultimately 
" revert to savagery." Governor 
Reagan's idea of the " Peter Pan 
community" is a different idea . Butler 
sa id. Secondly, Butler noticed a 
" standoff altitude" on the part of bOlh 
the community and the county. lie 
believes that not only should the 
university involve itse lf in the 
community, but the community should 
be involved in the university as well . He 
concluded. " Isla Vista . what now? God 
knows!" 

Questions By the Audience 
A question and answer period followed 

the speeches. One man in the audience 
asked if there was any real end to thl' 
problem in Isla Vista . Dr. Sullivan felt 
that there was a much-improved 
community spirit in Isla Vista , and that 
no one issue would trigger violence, 
although a combination of factors or ~n 
incident like Cambodia could creat a riot 
situation. James Gregory added that if 
the "bank-burning trial" jury makes 
convictions, it is possible that there will 
be violence. In his opinion, the trial is 
"obviously framed up ," " None of the 
cleven on trial burned the bank." Two of 
them were in jail the night of the 
burning. The group wa indicted because 
they had been involved in previous 
campus di sturbances, Gregory stated. 

One person asked about the use of 
drugs other than marijuana in Isla 
Vista . Miss Bond stated that " it is a lot 
easier to get any kind of drugs lhan to 
get a can of beer in [sla Vista." 

In answer to the question . " What is 
the university doing to solve the 
problems to Isla Vista ," Dr. Sullivan 
answered, "To this date, zero." He sa id 
that rather than changing their atti tudes 
and policies toward Isla Vista . the 
administrat ion is preparing a defen e of 
their actions. Sulli va n described the 
UCSB fac ulty as "active ly non-
involved. " 

Future Violence? Maybe_ 
II was the ge neral opinion of the panel 

that th re are ignificant effort being 
made by the community to olve the 
problems of Isla Vista. Although there 
may be future violence. becau e of 
better community understa nd ing. the 
violence wi II be of a more disciplined 
nature. 

Peter Buch On The 
Palestinian Revolution 

By Bren~a Wilson 
"The Palestinaian truggle is a national liberation 

movement and an independent revolutionary force ." stated 
Peter Buch Wednesday night. speaking on the Palestinian 
revolution. "The Palestinians are taking their own fate in their 
hands and showing the bourgeois state of Jorda n and the state 
of Israel and other countries that no solution is possible over 
their hands." The land that was Palestine was divided into 
Israel and part of Jordan after the second World War in 1948 

Buch sa id that while the Jewish sta te and Zioni ts in power 
are oppressing other peoples. the real oppres or is U.S. 
imperialism. "The U.S. is supporting Israel becau e of 
capitalist interests. One and one'half billion dollars go to the 
U.S. in profits from oil in the Middle East each year. " he 
stated. 

"The Palestinian people want a democratic secular 
Palestine with an all iance with non-imperialist powers:' Buch 
said. There are several group of Palestinian guerrillas. such 
a the Popular Front and AI Fatah and the distinctions are not 
definite. He also sta ted. "They also want self-determination 
for all peoples." 

Buch came to the U.S. as a refugee when he wa very young. 
He wa a member of a sociali t Zionist Youth orgamzatlon, but 
later split from Zionism and became a Marxist. He was a 
founder of the Young ocia lisl Alliance. He spoke about the 
history of the Middle East war and the positions of various 
countries now. 

Buch said that " We live In a state of revolution. Con Istent 
nationalism ca lls fo r no compromise with capitali m .. 
certa inlv not the lea t of the effects of the Palestme 
revolution ha s been to create an awareness of Israeli policies 
and government. We must support Palestine re ista nce as a 
democra tic liberating force and achieve solidarity with other 
Third World peoples ." 

During the question-answer period an argument developed 
belween an [sraeli member of the audience and Buch which 
developed into a shouting match. The Israeli contended that 
Israel a nd Palestine could coexist. but Buch rejected that 
view. 

The proposed plan has been the cause of explosive Clareups at 
recent Regents' meetings due to Regent Norton Simon 's 
allegations as to the impropriety of certain Regents' 
affiliations with the Irvine Company. 

The proposed plan would have allowed the Irvine Company to 
develop the city of Irvine on 54.000 acres with a population of 
over 400.000. the civic center of the city would have been 
removed from the campus by several miles. 

The abandonment of the 54.000 acre plan till does not mean 
that· the Company is going to develop the 10,000 acre 
community as is provided for in their contract. They have 
submilled a new proposal to incorporate 17,500 acres. 

Signatures of the owners of 25 per cent of the assessed 
evaluation of the acreage must be obtained before the plan can 
be submitted to the Orange County Board of Supervisors. The 
supervisors are considered sympathetic to the Company's 
designs. but the biggest stumbling block for the Irvine 

Volunteer Service Center: Is it go or no go? 
Under the present plan, the company is bound by contract 

with the University to provide incorporation for no more than 
10.000 acres immediately around the campus. Any deviation 
from this course requires the approval of both the company 
and the Board of Regents. 

Regent Simon' chief complaints about the expanded plan 
were that the University community would end up in an 
i olated situation , much like that of I la Vista . and that several 
Regents and politicians stood to gain by the larger 
incorporation at the expense of the University. 

Simon was reportedly pleased with the reversal . calling it a 
'Victory" for the people of California ."The Company has 
retreated and il'S running like holy hell and it' s going to keep 
running ," h said . He was in New York when the NEXUS 
attempted to contact him yesterday. 

[n explaining its action. an Irvine Company spokesman 
cI ~ imed that the firm never ~eally intended to carry through 
With the expansIOn plan . He said that the company's action was 
just a "strategy move" designed to keep other communilie 
from annexing Irvine land. 

The spoke man sa id that the company had hoped to stake out 
a claim be for greedy neighboring municipalities tried to 
swallow up what they could of the land . 

The "strategy move" explanation was termed ridiculous by 
Simon. because he cla ims that no city would want to annex an 
" agri cultural reserve." which is the designation of much of the 
company's la nd . 

He added that the only reason the company want d 
incorpora te all 54.000 acres was lo avoid br aking up th ' ir 
holdings. as they will have to do und r the new Fed ral Tax 
H form Act 

Irvine public relations man Jerry Collins denied tha t lhe 
company had ever backed th new proposa l and sa id that the 
p tition wa s tiled by th Council 01 lh Community of Irvine 
(('el l 

The " I is compos'd of all I.,"down I'S in th [rvin' area . 
incl ud ing the Uni vc rslty and the IrvlOc Company. It was latcr 
pointed out that it was IrVine Company Vice Pr sid nt 

ompany will be the Regents, especially Norton Simon. 

T he Volunteer Service Center was originally prompted by 
d l sc~ sslOns among faculty. staff and student . A urvey was 
camed out on the general campus and at Scripps and the 

Medl~al School. The response from the survey initiated a 
'?iii!iiii!ii!iiii!ii!iiii!ii!iiii!ii!iiii!ii!iiii!ii!iiii!ii!iiii!ii!iiii!iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!iiiil_ ••• ~Plannmg procedure handled primarily by students but advised 
II by Mary Decker. Assistant Vice-chancellor of Student Affairs. 

Want to write-

see- Rich Heimlich 

Jack Blendinger. Administrative analyst and assistant director 
of Summer ession and the Reverend Les Atkinson . United 
Campu s Ministry. 

The planning committee set down the .concerns and needs of 
the students and the goals were defined. Programs were 
deve loped to achieve the goals and a budget oriented around 
the e programs was formulated . All of this was included in the 
proposal which was distributed to ludent Affairs. Associated 
Students. and the Council for Undergraduate Affairs in the 
Spring of 1970. 

Students Can Express SOcill l Concern 
The purpose of the Center was to provide students wi th the 

means and opportunity lO express their social concern in any of 
numerous ways : to bring the needs of the community together 
With the skills. ingenuity, vocational interests and concerns of 
UCSD students. . 

The goals are to acquaint students with opportunities for 
useful activity in the community. to provide opportunities for 
tudents . to acquire the knowledge and skills required for 

commuOlty work . to enable tudents to become involv d in 
cunstructive community-related volunteer ervice and a tion . 
and to encourage intera tion between the University and the 
greater San San Diego community. 

. Five-Point Program Proposed 
To achieve these goals. the Volunteer Service enter 

[)roposed a five-point program. The first wa a minar to 
bring awaren ss 01 community prof sionals and established 
com':lunily projects. The econd is an orienlation program to 
provld specific information on volunt er work . The third is a 
)raining program for particular areas of volunl r ervice The 
ourth . and major . program of th nter is to b th actual 

ItI volvem nt by stud nts in community s rvice projects. Tlli 
held work an be ompletely volunteer or can possibl be done 

(acuity in this last ca tegory would be limited to observation 
unless continued participation beyond the class and the 
research is expected. 

After the proposal was distributed for discus ion. the 
planning eommillee waited for results. Nothing occurred 
before the end of the spring quarter 1970. 

Monetary Support Lacking 
Dur~ng the summer the Volunteer Service Center reque ted 

$7000 III support from the Registration Pee committee. The 
student member. Don Bright. supported the idea of the 
Volunteer Service enter. Other members were interested but 
desired more information. Student Affairs was handling the 
show at lhis point and they distributed no other information 
other than the original proposal and even that didn't reach all 
of the committee member . Funds for Registration Fee 
programs were limited so Vice Chancellor Murphy decided 
uOllaterally that Volunteer Service Center was a lower priority 
Item and could be handled by some other account in Student 
Affairs. This left the Center without monetary support and 
apparently losing its moral support. During the rest o( the 
summer Les Atkinson did some work on the project bu t 
became generally pessimistic concerning the future of the 
Cent r. 

In August. Student Affairs acquired a new Dean Dean Will 
mith . formerly of th Chicago Bars and more recently from 

the University of Michigan. has be n involved in vofunteer 
service organizations b fore and may be the needed impetus 
required to make the enter go 

Allen Zink . another addition to the Student Affairs stafr. and 
Warr n L vin. form rl y Univer ity Leg I CounCil and now 

ice Chancellor of business and finance have b en 
investigating the questions of htl bility onccrning th stud nts 
IOvulved in the Volunteer Service work. 

"Agency Faire" Planned 
Les i\lkinson. aSSisted by some in te rested studen ts. is 

arranginl( for <In " g ncy Fair(''' to b(' h(' ld nn ca mpus to 
:!C(IUaint stud nt~ with volunlee r agencies 10 th ('oll1mUnIlV 
and th Volunt er!j rVI(' (' nt r 11.('11. . 

projec ts. San Diego I part of a Univer ity-wlde committee for 
Community Service. The committee I the ource of help fo r 
all members and work together In trying to improve the 
projects and arrange other source for fund ing . At times the 
committee has ac ted in an adviso ry capacitv to the Vice 
President in Berkely. . . 

This . week. I.lst year's plann ing group i meeting With 
tudent Affa irs offi cials. including the ice Chancellor and the 

Dean of Student ffairs . to di scus the future of the Volunteer 
Service enter Those who ha ve been involved a re concerned 
that their proposal will go to a file in some office and leave 
UCSD th(' only campu Without any organized Volunleer 
Service. -

Page 2 Tri ton Times November 6, 1970 
1III ...................... .. ln such a manner to be academically coordinat d lor .:our 

credit. The .last program i an information , rVlc lor faculty 
\'i ho are dOing r , arch in the area of sociology. lud nts and 

Funds lor th(' renter Illay br avuiluble from the Regent 
through sp ei I opportunity fund lor cOl11munlt~ s('rvlce 

Triton Times November 6, 1970 Page 3 



S ve Landau 
Crn ibuting f~i'a, 

Office r Clarence Russell Duncan has 
been a unicop lit UCSD since 1963, a time 
when 100 undergraduates attended a 
Revelle College that consisted of only four 
buildings. P rior to that he was a deputy 
sheriff in Florida, an insurance agent, and 
a guard for General Dynamics. He is 
ma rried and has three daughters . 

In the following interview Officer Duncan 
is not speaking in any official capacity as a 
policeman. He is not speaking for the UCSD 
police department. He is speaking as a 
person who has some interesting insights 
into UCSD, its students, and the outside 
world. 

Says Duncan : "I take a great deal of 
pride in this institution; this is going to be 
one of the greatest campuses of the VC 
system." He also says that he likes being a 
police officer and would choose that career 
again if he had it to do over. 

TRITON TlMES: As a policeman you 
repre ent the forces of law/and order in the eyes 
of the student. Yet. your job mainly involves 
working with students. Are you able to relate 
well to students or does the nature of your job 
present a fundamental conflict of intere t'! 

OFFICER DU CAN : ot really . It's not just 
the students. Everybody get uptight when they 
see a police officer. It 's the idea of the uniform. 
the military sight that they see. owadays you 
read very little good about law enforcement. 

There's definitely problems relating to 
students here on campus. It' s hard even to get 
some of them to say good morning, and to carry 
on a conversation is even worse. They get wherE' 

be a very aware bunch of people, a very 
involved bunch of people. and a bunch of peopl 
who r ally have a lot of good ideas and who are 
trying to solv the problems that exist in the 
world today. 

TT : 1I0w about looking at t hi~ problem from 
the other side. Arc students making an etfort to 
understand the world that Ii s outside of the 
campus? 

0 0 : Yes. I think they arc. Look at the 
students who go out on poiitical campaigns and 
go door-to-door. And look at the students who 
get involved. This is more than you a n say 

OFFICER OUNCA : 

Tea Party was a violent protest; but it shouldn 't 
have been. Violence has no pia e in a university 
community. But to disrupt is violence in a way. 
b cause you're taking away from tho 'e 'ludents 
who want to go to class. 

11: Leaving th question 01 whether 
disruption is justified or not. when do the 
ca mpus poliee have to take action'? In the sit-ins 
last year th police held oftror awhile. hoping 
that things would run thenJs Ives out. But at 
what point is it necessary to re 'ort to some 
deg ree of f ofce? . 

0 0 : Well . il is up to the administration to tell 

Will Anyone Talk 
To This lJIon? 

about a lot of the general public. Apathy is a 
great thing in our society today. But then 
students are often apathetic too. They're like a 
bunch of sheep sometimes in that they'll follow 
someone without questioning because this is the 
in thing to do. But a a whole I find that the 
students are really working to make this world 
a better place to be . 

TT: I've heard you say in the past that even 
the ca mpus community i polarized. What have 
you noticed that makes you think this? 

0 0 : Well . look at your movements. You 've got 
a group that say they want to change things 
peacefully; you've got a group that say they 
want to cha nge things violently. You're pulling 
students in little niches of radical. this. and 
that. And in forming the campus community 

us when they want something done. If there is a 
violation of the law we ' re sworn officers of the 
law and therefore ~e must act. But the amount 
of force is something else. If it meant doing 
more harm than good then what would be the 
good of the act? 

TI : Do you feel that the police on campus are 
gi ven enough upport. either in resources or 
authority? The public has been saying that law 
enforcement people are being hamstrung. Do 
you feel frustrated ? 

OD: Yes I do. We are shorthanded at times. 
The university community i growing in 

popul~tion as well as size. We have a pretty-
outstanding department, but sure I feel 
hamstrung. I feel hamstrung sometimes by the 
laws because you 've got an impossible task . 

juvenile. I think that students should rea lly be 
above It. As far as cuttmg me in some way it 
doesn't bother me because. in a way, if some~ne 
calls me a pig it 's the !'irst step in 
communications. At least I can go talk to him 
then . We try to remai n professiona l and do a 
good job. and I think on the whole we do it. 

TI: Is this generation of college students. in 
your estullatlOn. any more idealistic than that 
oC their parents? If so. why is it also perhap 
more violent than it parents") 

0 0 : Yes. A t my age college was a place where 
people went and very Iitlle was heard from . The 

~tudents ar more involved today that they were 
m the past. They're seeing the ills of th world 
like hunger and racism. ' 

As far as violence goe . my personal view is 
that to some it may come out of a frustration 
wherea to other it is a way to further their 
own ends. There are per-son in this world who 
live by violence. But violence is no answer to 
anything. H it a man over the head and you sure 
can ' t communicate with him . 

TI: What about marijuana? Many studies 
document that student use is quite high , and 
there: no reason to believe that this campus is 
any different. Many student fear an impending 
dope bust In the dorms. yet actua l incidents thus 
far. o~ dope. arrests have been sma ll. Is there any 
offiCial or Informal policy in this regards? 

00: It's li ke any other violation. If I see drugs 
in use on campu then I must act. It 's just about 
tha t basic and thi is the policy we go on. We 
look for any law violation, but as far as any 
concerted effort go. we wouldn't have the 
manpower anyway. Frankly. we 're too busy 
enforcing all the laws. 

TI: But what do you think per onally of grass 
and the laws? 

00: Well . with marijuana they've just 
dropped the charges down so that a judge can 
rule with first offenders whether it will be a 

DUNCAN : If someone ca lls me a pig it 's the fi rst step in communications, At least 1 can go talk to him , 
they don 't wal t 0 relate to you b ca use you' re a 
symbol of the ':! 'lablishment. But If you take th 
time to talk te people thl barri r can be broken 
down It's a mltler of communication 

TT : 8 ~sides bemg a policeman vou're a 
member of th ' outside cornmuOlty. Right now 
there's a lot 0 hostility out there towards 
stud nt in e le al. Why is this 0 and what can 
be done to bri( g<: th gap" 

00 : A breJkdown m commuOicatlons It 's 
ba. ically pre IY Simple. The public sees th 
student· a onc thing. They believ what they 
want to believe abouttudcnts. and s what 
the v want to see Most don 't reallv take the lime 
to Sit down and' e what stud ' nts reallv ar and 
what they "tand lor . 

Some student IS caught flrebombmg a 
bUlldlll!!. 'om 'on' IS killed or Injured . or 
perhap th ' buildml( IS damag d Right away 
It 'S the uld ~J!lng that all stud 'nt are people 
who go around blowmg up and killing . which IS" 
11 In my ('ontact with stud 'nt [lind them to 

you've got different cities. You 've got H veil 
Co llege. which is a city really . You 've got Muir. 
which is another university . You 've got the new 
Third College just forming over there. And of 
course when you've got separation of any kind 

~'ou re going to bring problems onto yourself 
b cause if people arc separated then they sure 
ar n' t going to ('omlllunica te 

When I talk to th students on this ca mpus I 
find out their views and I listen . I I arl\ 
something every day. every timc I talk to a 
stud nt This is what communications IS : it' s a 
proccss 01 learning. 

TI : You 've b n in the middle of some 01 th -
protest d lllonstratlOns on thiS campus. and 
havc obM!rved a lot that has gOllc on . What do 
you lhmk are the limits or dis' nt and have th 'V 
been overst pp d In the pa . t year or so? . 

00: W II. th ' fight to peaceful d monstration 
IS a fight that W' have In thiS country We 'v 
b cn protesting every thin ' for Yl!dl s. I rom th 
Boston Tea Party 10 th presenl Thl' Boston 

Page 4 Triton Ti mes November 6, 1970 

There 's no way in the world to enforce every 
law on th books Th re 's a time and pia e to 
nforce a law. Y u try to help r ther than hurt. 

TT: But do you feel that you lack authority') 
Aren 'tyou in th middl of th Irayalways? 

00: We ar . Th establ ishment puts us out 
there. We ar a representation of the 
establishment and are a symbol of it. We are 
hamstrung but we take th brunt of abuse lor 
ev rybody. My p rsonal f >Iing is that we're 
stuck out there so that if someone wants to yell 
obscen!t!es we' re t.he ones who get ' th 
obscenllies yell d at and th oth r persons don 't 
have to stand th 're and take It. But when vou 
take a job as a polk' officer you fully reaiil!' 
thiS and you ... ccept thiS rcsponsibility 

TT: Lo king at the prot sSlon In gen ral. how 
do you fe -I wh nth' polic' are ('alled pigs. and 
Inore and more rops g t killed'! 

00: I don 't particularly car for the name 
pig. It·s like any name-calling- It's kind of 

misdemeanor or a felony. In the past it was 
felony period . 

I can't really ay that I'd like to se the la 
cha nged. They ay marijuana is no worse 
alcohol. Well. what's so good about alcoh.ol? 
sp nd billions of dollars treating p opl · who ' 
alcoholics. This money could b b tter us d 
fe d p ople who are hungry and to h Ip peop 
who are un mployed . 

TI: What about undercover agents 
campus') Nixon just sign d a bill widening 
power of the FBI to op rate on campus 
student leal'S justllied or merely paranoia? 

00: The students a r really paranoid I'm 
laughing now b cause in a way it's kind of 
lunny . I'v heard ror years that the big bust 
coming I've seen demonstratIOns 
sOl11eon who is late lor class I 
som one Ise go s running aft r him 
hlJn an undcrcovcl pig . I've had people 

'onlinued on Page 51 

Davis Offers Sex Course 
Davis (Unipress) - The subject of human 

sexuality is on which has been carefully 
Ignored by many universities and colleges. or. 
at best. dealt with only in part. or the high I' 
edu ca tional instituitions in California. 
U.C.Oavis is one of the very few which offers a 
course that makes .a n effort to deal frankly and 
honestly with a tOpiC often considered too much 
of a " hot potato" for university administrators 
to handle. 

Instructor for the course is Dr. Milton 
Hildebrand. A zoologist in comparative 
anatomy by profession. I fildebrand spends a full 
third of his time in U.C.D.'s Department of 
Applied Behavioral ciences. teaching a course 
call Human Sexuality and Sexual Response. 

Hildebrand '. class deals with every aspect of 
human sexuality. from the strictly informative 
topics of contraception. intercourse and 
childbirth through the more subtle areas such as 
emotion and communication in lovemaking. 
The class, which is onl y oHered one quarter 

per year. is immensely popular with students at 
Davis, as may be witnessed by the course's 
phenomenal enrollment figures . Since it came 
into existence three years ago, course 
enrollment has grown from 700 the first year to 
1100 in the second. and currently, out of a 
student body of 3,000. 1600 are taking the class. 
These figured are exclusive of auditors and 
persons on the class wai ting list. 

Hildebrand attributes this popularity to a 
number of causes. In an interview, he pointed 
out that interest in sex is widespread and 
perfectly normal among people of college age 
and for this reason the class i bound to be well-
received. Some, he said. are imply curious as 
to what the course would be like; others want to 
become more well-informed. Students with 
particular problems enroll in the course in 
hopes of receiving some help. Word-of-mouth 
recommendations from other students bring in 
many people. too. 
There is a woeful lack of courses like this one 

in the higher educa tion system of California . In 
a study he conducted on sex education in 
colleges and univer ities. Hildebrand found that 
although most inslituitions have some type of 
limited instruction in this area. it ca n mostly be 
classified in terms of "family living." 
"hygiene. " or "health ." Only three course are 

given in all or California which d al entirely 
with human sexuality. One is the ('ourse given at 
Davis, one is given al U .C. Riverside. and one is 
offered at San Francisco State. 

In view of the obvious popularity of thi s kind of 
class. why are there so few in Ca liforn ia? 
t hiefly .. says Hildebrand . because the subject 
of x education in the schools is a political hot 
potato. Administrators whose institutions offer 
such courses always run the risk of incurring 
the wrath of irate parents and legislators. and 
for this reason many colleges would simply 
rather avoid the is ue. 

As it is now. the Davis course is under close 
scrutiny. At the time of its creation three yea rs 
ago, the class was reviewed with more than 
usual care by the UCD Courses ommittee. and 
there has since been a certain amount of 
unfavorable feedback from various sources. 
Hildebrand remarked that in his lectures he 
must always be careful not to ay anything that 
might be construed as being in poor taste. 

Lack of adequately trained and oriented 
profe sors in the field of ex education is 
another rea on there are so rew classes in 
human sexuality. Hildebrand him elf is more of 
less self trained, though lie has some 
background in the subject because of his 
specilization in anatomy. 
However. he note that a good teacher for this 

kind of course must have several other 
attributes if he is to make the class a success. 
The instructor must have an acceptance of his 
own sexuality and be able to talk about hi 
subject without embarrassment. His rapport 
with young people hould be good. and perhaps 
most importantly. his lecture should be free of 
mora Iizing or dogma. 
. As ror what Hildebrand hopes to accomplish 
III hiS class. he looks for no miracles of 
transformation in his student . Nevertheless. he 
feels it is pos ible to help improve 
communication and understanding amoung 
people. especially in regard to sex . The ubtle 
benefits a student may gain here in the wav of a 
broadened perspective are impossible to 
measure or pinpoint objectively. which is the 
reason his course is graded on a mandatory 
pass not pass basis. Hildebrand himself 
probably sums up be t what he wants to 
achieve : I just want to contribute a little bit to 
excellence in the lives of my student ." 

Duncan Interview. • • 
I Continued from Page 4) 

to me at night in the parking lot and they'll 
come back later and tell me that someone 
thought they were an agent. It's just paranoid . 
Take the Santana concert where we had the San 
Diego police on campus. Everybody thought the 
big bust was coming and there was panic around 
here for a while. 
. The FBI may operate here but I don't know of 
It. We've never used undercover agents and I 
certainly. don't thi nk their use by outside 
agencies IS nearly a greata some think. 

IT: Wha t do you consider to be the biggest 
problem III a unicop's job today? 

OD: It's the old thing that if you rip something 
off that belongs to the e tabli hment. nobody's 

los l~g . When you steal. you steal ; you can ' t 
Jus tify then. There's a great deal of theft on th is 
campus because of the way it's laid out. Part of 
the. problem. though. is students now wanting to 
be Involved . 

OFFICER DUNCAN 

I think it's a moral i sue. [ think that when 
someone. es someone damaging something. if 
they don t want to call the police. they hould 
lake a hand and say " hey. this is my community 
too that you're messing up ." ReplaCing a sign is 
gomg to co t money and it's mon y that ould be 
used for educational purpose . 

TI: Finally. should the outside public have a 
greater say in the governance of th univer ity. 
and do you agree with som taxpayers who are 
saymg that the university is too " radical"? 

OD: No. I don 't think it·s a radical place. 
Here again. though. we're getting back to name-
~alling . What's radical ? People are people. 
Some p ople have different views than other . I 
think the university community as a whole is an 
outstanding group of people. I think a student 
should have ome say in how the campus is run. 
becaus it is his campus. The citizens should 
and do have a say. The Regents are appointed 
by the Governor. an elected official. 

~: .~-' 
.:. :.: .:. ~ ~ ~ :.~.~.' 
'.':=. .'. 
,', ::.: 
::: :.::. ;:: 
. ~ 

.

:.l.: ~ ::: 
,', .:. 

~.1 ~ :.: 
~ ~ .~.,: ~ 

..• : ...• :.: 
•
':.' 0" ::: f ~ ~ ~ 
.:. :.: 
::: ::: 
::: 0" 

:.: ::: 
:'.::' .:. ::: 
::: :': ;::-: -:.:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: ':':':':':':':' :I:':':': ':':':':':':':':':':~:: 

UCD Ei:'ology College To Be Created 
Davis (Unipresst-A new funl'llon is support of research 

twist in college development on aetivities in environmental 
thl' Davis campus is the studi sand ccology and to 
creation of a co lleg d voted provld CI support lor graduate 
enti rely to ecology . The training." said Or. Ted 1I00n. 
college. as yet nameless. will mcmb r of IE 
include graduate and The new IE includes an 
undergraduate studies. a enviro)lmental extension. the 
. 't h ink tan k. .. a n Council for Advanced studies 
environmental extension of the Environment tCASEl. 
program and a center for the Center for Population 
general population studies. Biology. and the Graduate 

Th nell' college evolved Group (the outgrowth of 
from UCD's Institute of present grad stUdies in 
Ecology. founded in 1966. It ecology). 
wa s primarily a research CASE will be a think tank for 
center for environmental general environmental studies. 
studies. As one of two divisions while the environmental 
of the new college. IE's "main extension. which is a new 

Support the 

CRISIS 
CENTER 

booh Inll Itltion.ry 
Irt IIIlt, rill, 

239-0325 
hlllmirk cardl 
p.rty goods 

north coast stationers 
127 north highway 101 sollnl beach 

755-4923 

office supplies 

COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANK 
327 F st, 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 
Tue. Ihru Fri. 

9:30 - 7:30 
Sat, 9:30 - 5:30 

Closed Sun. " Mon, 
233 - 8328 

school supplies 

up to 30% off 
anniversary sale 

mod - fun clothes 
(asual & dressy 

indian imports 
made in our own shop 

SIGI BOUTIQUE 
SS8 pearl, 10 jllUo 
next to baskin-robbins 

OPERA liO N SURVIVAL 
AMERICA'S REAL PROBLEM 

Continental North Am rica is ble sed with over I 2 of 
the world 's Natural Resources (mineral. . oil. coal. 
forests . etc) : over t 2 of the world's cientlsts and 
Technically-trained personnel ; over I 2 of the wOlld 's 
installed Horsepower t machine and electricitv) 

Yet we have only 10 percent of the world 's 'p pulation 
to support ! 

For the first time in human history. a given land area 
is technologically capable of PROD CI G more 
es entia I Goods and S rvices than its p pulation can 
consume (we said CO SUME. not DE TROY t. 

Problem: How to Dl TRIB TE an AB DANCE of 
Goods and Services in an economy which was designed to 
produce. maintain and distribute only a SCARCITY of all 
Goods and Services? Price and value disapp ar in th 
face of abundance (we can't s II air- our most abundant 
commodi ty. With a IitLie more smog, perhap ' we can 
arrange thist. 

Pre ent olution : Curtail production--ov r 3 billion 
paid farmer annually to limit and restrict cr ps. whil 
we support millions on welfare and relief. and you pay 
for both. 

D stroy our Natural I{ sources by pollulion 01 our air . 
water . soil and food to the pOint of threatened 
annihilation 

Elimin . t , " ('xc " produ land mai1Powcr 111 costly 
(a nd profltable l lorelgn wars. 

IS TIIEH~ " BETTER W V'? Fortunatl'ly. YK I A 
100 pert'ent Alllencan Solulion to Amenta 's unlqu 
" problem"-ha qUIetly been awatlOj(. our "dl covcr:.'· 
for 40 years. For detail ' and \ IIAT YO Ci\;'I/ DO 'end 6 
('ent .. If- ddres ·cd. stamped nv lope to OPb:R TIO:'-i 
. HVIV L. POBox 2019. La Jolla ('a !12037 

serviee. oflers practically-
oriented environmcntalists 
s p e (' i II(' environmental 
consultatIOn The ('enter of 
Population Biology will 
b ('om "a n umbrella for 
populatIOn reo arch. medial 
research and the soc ial 
sci nces." according to 1I0in. 

The other diVi sion of the 
college will be the Department 
of Environmental Studies. 
which Boin said will " create 
systems-oriented ecologists or 
problem- olvlng 
en v i ronmen ta lists. " 

Students entering the college 
will be expected to take math 
and some engineering. as well 
as the biology and 
environmental courses. Hoin 
also said " students will be 
expected to carryon 
semi - independent work . The 
college is so new quite a bit of 
it is in the planning stage- that 
the major program is still 
being discu sed." 

A ked about job 
opportunities for ecology 
graduates. Hoin said the Bank 
of America and the State of 
California had already inquired 
about hiring future graduate 
of the college. 

The Slacks: 
IDlCUSTOM 
CONTOURS 

Moderately flared, heel-
to-toe slant, flap 
pockets. No-iron solids, 
stripes and patterns 
$1010 $12 a pair, 

A-I'I h •• H.-I .. ,lent. 

liD 
The Action 
Man Slacks 

Fashion ond (asual 
Clolhes fOI Men 

459-5323 
7914 Girard 

La Jolla 

Triton Times November 6, 1970 Page 5 



Youth Drug Program 
Calls No Police, Parents 

Vogel To Speak Flu Shots 
On Mid-East Monday Discussed Here 

An eye-witness report of the current situation 
in the Middle East will be given at La Jolla 
Friends Meeting House, 7380 Eads Avenue, La 
Jolla, Monday evening , November 9 at 8:00 by 
Robert Vogel. 

The Student lIealth Service has had anum 
or inquiries regarding the advisibility 
inl"luenza immunization Iflue shots) , sal 
director V. Robert Allen. 

An experimental drug 
program is presently in effect at 
University Hospital. Working 
cooperatively with the 
Psychology Department at 
UCSD's School of Medicine and 
the University Mental Health 
Services, the new Youth Drug 
Program (YDP) administers 
free medical assistance to 
youths under 21 and provides 
psychiatric services for drug 
related problems without in-
terferences from police or 
parents. 

YDP does not run a specific 
drug clinic of its own but the 
channels by which a person with 
drug problems can obtain help 
is not complicated. He merely 
goes into the 2,4-hour 
Emergency Room at the 
hospital where immediate 
medical aid is given (if such is 
needed) and from there will be 
given directions on 
whereabouts to go. Depending 
on individual cases, persons 
might be sent to the psych 
departments for counseling or 
group therapy, or if he is a 
heroin addict, will be able to 
take advantage of the out-
patient methadone clinics. 

Treatments other than purely 
medical ones are not imposed 
upon the drug user . Only with 
the patient 's consent will 
psychological treatments be 
given. The hospital 's main 
function is to provide medical 
help without having the drug 
user fear a police bust or 
notification of parents and 
guardians. Patients under 21 in 
the YDP are not charged for the 
aid he receives as the county 
and state pays for it through 
state funds . 

Hospital Can Help 
Dr. Jeoffry Gordan, head of 

the new ambulatory care 
department at University 
Hospital , feels that the hospital 

Rose DeCosta 
Stall Writer 

can help a drug user much more 
than the police department can. 
"Drug abuse is a disease. 
Because of social factors, 
people don 't want to accept it as 
a disease. They see it as a 
crime. We want to change this 
idea." 

Because Gordan sees drug 
abuse as a disease, he feels that 
being punished and jailed for it 
is no cure. "Drug use is a 
symptom of a larger problem. It 
may be escape from conditions 
in the ghetto, or adolescent 
re be Ilion, or a search for 
something better-'a new 
high'." "As doctors, we see 
drug abuse physlcally harmful 
and incarceration is not the 
answer , medical and 
psychological help is." 

Treatment First, Then Education 
When asked how this new 

YDP would operate as opposed 
to the local agencies for drug 
assistance (Le. 24-hour dial in 
services), Dr. Gordan replied 
by explaining the three func-
tions of any agency. "First, all 
try to educate. The trouble with 
this is that there are not enough 
facts about drugs. Parents deny 
that their kids have this 
problem and won't listen to the 
education. The people involved 
deny it too. They see the good 
effects of taking drugs and tend 
to ignore the bad side of it. Here 
at the hospital , by treating these 
people of their physical 
ailments due to drug abuse, we 
hope that they will be motivated 
enough to want to be educated 
and will listen, and take ad-
vantage of the counseling 
services. Secondly, in regards 
to these phone-in agencies, 
phones can refer a person and 
tell him where to go but there 
are not many places to go and 
there are not many places that 
offer treatment. The trouble 
with other hospitals is that they 

It's A Dog's Life At Davis; 
But Don't Tell the Dog Cotcher 

A large and thriving dog population has come to be almost as 
much a hallmar k of the UCD campus as its famous bicycles. The 
sight of dogs romping across lawns and through lecture halls is 
one common to many college campuses, but at Davis, at least, it 
is a phenomenon which is becoming an increasing source of 
irritation and concern for many in both the campus community 
and the town of Davis itself. 

"There 's no denying that we have a health problem here. This 
campus is too densely populated to have to worry about control 
of dogs and a possible rabies epidemic," said UCD's Assistant 
Vice Chancellor Ed Spafford. "People are unhappy about 
dogfighting, intimidation , roving packs, and feces in the 
classrooms and on the lawns. Three calves in the campus herd 
have been so badly injured (by dogs) that they had to be 
destroyed. " 

Frequent outbreaks of rabies in the vicinity of Davis have 
resulted in the area's being designated as "rabies epidemic," 
and with reports of as many as five dog bites a week at or near 
UCD, the sit1.ation has clearly gotten out of hand. In three bite 
cases this qu.:rrter, authorities have been unable to locate the 
offending dOI~S I for rabies quarantine, and the victims were 
forced to unl'ergo the painful rabies vaccination series. 

Of particular concern to UCD's Environmental Health and 
Safety Office' Dick Holstock is the fact that the majority of dogs 
in Davis are actually living in the dorms. "I'm really disturbed 
at the fact th,\t dormltvric3 have rul", that say they can't have 
dogs, while even the head residents are dog owners, . lit: said. 
There have teen reports of as many as four dogs living in the 
same room. !'hese dogs have also been infiltrating the dining 
areas, which i a violation of state law. 

Complaint~ by dog owners and non-ilwners alike about the 
number of anll11als running loose on the campus have resulted in 
a proposed g,!ries of more stringent dog regulations, which are 
currently being reviewed by the Campus Rules Committee at 
UeD. City ordinances with respect to dogs will doubtless be 
enforced with considerably more vigor in the future. 

Although most colleges and universities have strict 
regulations regarding dogs, these rules are rarely enforced with 
any real efficacy. However, according to Holstock , the situation 
everywhere is becoming such that he forsees much stricter 
enforcement . Davis is the first UC campus to employ a full time 
dog catcher, but Holstock sees this as part of a possible trend 
towards greater concern about dogs on all campuses. 

don 't actively enforce the no 
parents , no police policy . 
Persons in trouble have that 
risk to run whereas the YDP 
guarantees this . 

Lastly, these crisis counseling 
agencies aren't able to ad-
minister acute care. However, a 
telephone call could resolve the 
problem. Very often help can be 
given over the phone and this is 
generally good." 

Will the Program Continue? 
Thus far, this experimental 

Youth Drug Program has been 
in effect since September 1, and 
will continue through till 
November 30. Hope for a per-
manent program exists and 
Gordan sees high prospects for 
its continuance as the YDP has 
been quite successful. Ac-
cording to Gordan , " The 
hospital alone receives 20 cases 
a week. " 

Vogel , Peace Education Secretary of the 
American Friends (Quaker) Service Committee 
in its Regional Office at Pasadena , has just 
returned from a two month special assignment 
in [srael and the major Arab states . 

The publication of a carefully written and 
researched Friends report, entitled "Search ~or 
Peace in the Middle East" preceded his trip, and 
has been widely read and discussed. This 
booklet, proposing several unilateral actions, 
has been published in both Beirut and Tel Aviv, 
and is available from Fawcett Publications in 
the United States. These proposals, aimed at 
easing intra-nation tensions, will be presented by 
the speaker, who believes that dedicated and 
imaginative work by private and public groups 
throughout the world is needed to avert a 
disastrous conflict. The experience of Quakers 
working with educational institutions and the 
refugee problems over many years lends per-
spective to the report. 

Mr. Vogel holds degrees in political science 
from Oberlin College and the University of 
Chicago, and is a member of the Society of 
Friends, the Fellowship of Reconciliation, the 
American Civil Liberties Union and the United 
Nations Association. For the past two years he 
has taught courses in non-violence at the at the 
University of California at Los Angeles. 

Allcn says the San Diego County n pmu·lm"n,. 
of Public Hea lth and the Advisory 
Immunization Prac tices of the .United 
Public Health Service recommend 
vaccinations for those who have 
debil itating conditions. such as chronic 
lung disease or metabolic disorders. H 
the vaccine is not being recommended for 
public at large. When it is decided to give 
vaccine because of a clear-cut indication 01 
neces aity , the possibility of an 
reaction to the vaccine must be weighed 
the relative good health of Ihe patient and 
ability to withstand the complications that rna, 
follow influenza . Allen says the vaccine shou~ 
not be administered to anyone hypersensitive ~ 
eggs or egg products. 

Allen is uncertain as to whether we 
expect an influenza epidemic this 
season. It is possible that si nce 
individuals have been exposed over the past 
seasons a major outbreak may nol occur. 

It shou ld be emphasized. he continued . Iha 
while the vaccine can specifically prever 
certain types of influenza, it will have 
significant effect on the frequency of cold 
other upper respira tory tract 
Immunization hould be completed by mid· 

ovember. 

~ • .... I,om bu. ine .. ,a,d. to bro,hure. 

P an tJ! gS'hr::::~:~::::~:~:;:: ... IEBEL SHa 
617 P..,I St. La J.tt. 459-49" 

?AClr~C 
YAMAHA 

complete sales 
& service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
1556 •• rnet .ve 
lJI.cific bllch 214-6343. 

mens hairstyling 

folk arts 
blues . folk JIZz. 

rock on record 
llso : pottery . jewelry. 
leetller. 

hend m.d, clothes 
3153 indil 

(corner wlShington 
and indil, 

long hair our specialty 

••• oiU .... ta 
lu i 1.111. 

75&-3000 

11.1 • ., .IIZI 
310 lift .. nt" atrllt 

11.1 • ., 

HONDA CARS 
$139500 

Pacific Honda-1269 Garnet 

The Look: 
CALCULATING 
The Slacks: 

No-iron solids, stripes and 
sa 10 $9 a pair I 

REBEL 
SHOP 
PLAZA CAMINO REAL 

CARLSBAD 

Page 6 Triton Times November 6r 1970 

ENTERT AI NMENT-FOOD-TRAVEL 
FRIDAY NIGHT FLICKS 

PSYCHO SABATEUR UN CHIEN ANDALOU 
FREE ALBUM DRAWING COWLEMENTS OF SOUNDSVILLE 

50< 2722 
Saturday, November 7 

TAIlE ONE/SYUDENY FILMS 
7:30 USB 2722 ALSO 
10:00 Now. 13 6 :21 

Jl¥.\ the 
are 

turning 
this city on. 
~sente~ with tre i~pact of 

~, '~lmenSlOn ~snioviN 
"'----1 FlHB ARTS 

1818 GARNET STREET 274·4000 
AaADBM'Y' 
3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284-1000 

NOW PLAYING 
nightly except Monday through November IS 

LITTLE MURDERS 
Jules Feiffer's savagely funny play about a family 
confronted by violence in todoy's society ... ruthlessly sotiric. 
lu .... W.d., Thor,' lun. EVil . . . S2.S0 Stud"l. thr. (oll.g.' •• llIt.d 
Fro.a, ond Salurda, E... . . . . . Sl.OO mililor, (Ill. Sat.) .. . . . . SUO 
Sunda, Malinee (N", 15) . . . . S2.00 

hlka)eltt ~ centre sta{Jt ell III,. 
phon. 

239.2255 
after noon 

* NOW THRU MONDAY * 

;:=OP=EN=6=:3=O-=SH=ow=.=t7:=,~· 

"'~I""n}Rl5""'3II"'1' JICIU_SllDY .. 
IIIl_SlIIY 

TIl 0Ul-If.1OWIS 

SAN DIEGUITO MUSTANG (IR(L~ NITE 

$2.00 PER (ARLOAD -
4 ROAD RUNNER CARTOONS 
OUTST ANDING SHORT SUB. 

Coming Nov. 14 
at 8 p.m_ 

Prizes " Galore" will 
be personaly awarded 

by Lord Dudley-Phipps 
W.C. Fields 

Flash Gordon 
The Marx Bros. 

More-Later 

·WORLD 
PREMIERE! 

TUESDAY 
NOVEMBER 10th 

While you were away, 
A.M. Radio came back! 

Try KDEO·910 
All Day - But Especially 

"Have After 8:00 P.M.-Happ~ It's mellow music and Manning! 
9a1~Ji (if{DEO ~~~~Radio.9iO . 

NIGHTLY 
8:00 

~ 

apri 
LIMITED ENGAGEMENT 

1 WEEKS 
ONLY! 

THE 1WO 'ART PIIOOUCTION OF 
lEO TOlSTOY'S 

WAR 
--._-..--PEACE 

SAT . ..... SUN. 
1:00,4:30. ' :00 Ollege 

EL CAJON BLVD. AT 63RD ST. • 286-1455 

H" HI IJ r,.,'fu I,,, ,,, 
,·,/lf/'",i"" . IH'f 'IIIt1' " 1! 
;Ii ,II I1" \' I,ll i /om/l lt , 
d, i /,/n' II \. ,moh· ... 
f;I"WII ~ /""" n 
1/1\ 

f " t\ (tln " Il" 
• /m/H' rlm"k ", 

,lInt,on 
rI " 'flrd , 

, fln/ .. 

MAR EARTH.SONG BOOK STORE 
Ma r • 755-4254 

WOMANCOCK ( I~ ) By Ca,l L,nde, wo"",n caught In ao un-
gUdrded moment Without men ttlese 
fragll yel tough Creatures seJ;Ua' and bl" 
sexual are almost Itl'l.e Capll'/! anlm<tls," 
-Gregg Bolrno:. Film Quarterly 

NOVICIAT f iR) By Noel Burch The story at a young voyeur who ,s 
caught and kept Prisoner '" a woman s 
tudO school whe~e he becorres the demon-
slr'Uton "Victim" maid elc . Lots 01 
tasteful bOot liclc.lng and pantle smt!!lIlng 

THE VARIOUS INCARNATIONS OF A TIBETAN SEAMSTRESS (1 0) 
NAUGHTY NURSE (q) QUINN (~ I >l BEN HUR TRAILER (4) 
MUSCLE CONTROL (2) ONE OF THE MISSING (26) 

FINE ARTS 
" __ .1 1818 GARNET STREET 274-4000 

NOW PLAYING 

·nl.ll1rU 
rt.lln.l!IOI 

EASTMAN COLOR ~ 

Triton Times November 6, 1970 Page 7 



triton tillles 
Univenity of California, Siln Diego 

La Jolla, California 92037 
(7141 453-2000, ext_ 1016, Advertising ext. 1017. 

Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Busi ness Manager 

The ed itorials expressed below are approved by the TRITON TIMES Editoria l Board . All ather opinions 
.xpr.s~ on thiS pag~ are those of the authors whose names appear in the bylines, and do not 
necessarily reflect the views of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit moteria l to be publ ished in 
this section should .. nd it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Bloke HolI, UCSD. 

San Jose Re-examined 
In our last editorial we commented an 

those who had engaged in acts of violence 
against the Pr.lident in San Jose. Today w. 
writ. against Mr. Nillan's reaction to that 
" viol.nc . ... Sev.ral points are rel.vant. 

First of all, it is now unclear whether or 
nat there actually was any violence directed 
at the President. The Son Jose Chief of 
Palice, who directed t~ President's escape 
from what was most uncertainly an unruly 
mob, was quoted as fallows in the LOS 
ANGELES TIMES on Nov.mber 3. 

" There was a v.rbal attock on the 
Pr.sident, but as far as physical attack -
where he was actually bombarded with 
rocks - that didn' t exist ... , although some 
rocks and bottles hod been thrown earlier 
(while Mr. Nixon was inside the auditorium, 
and hence not exposed to the mob)." 

We, and the nation, had been led to 
beli.ve that there were physical assaults. 
Now it seems we may have been duped. 

The LOS ANGELES TIMES ran an article of 
clarification; the SAN DIEGO UNION buried 
what appeared to be 0 similar, but 
drastically edited, wire-service release. But 
the damage was done; and we think it was 
done on purpose. 

Secondly, Mr. Nixon, according to both 
the TIMES and the SO UNION, stood in his 
limousine in front of " threatening mobs," 
thrust his hands into the air with the "V" 
sign, and said to a nearby reporter, "This is 
what they don' t like." 

Mr. Nixon was apparently trying to 
enrage what WIIS already an unruly mob. 
We feel this to be a disgrace to himself 
personally, his office, and"his country. Just at 
the moment, we are not sure who was 
acting more despicably, the mob or the 
President. 

Mr. Nixon was, according to all rep or I., in 
great potential danger. Yet, he took time out 

to inflame the situation. Was he consciously 
trying to incite the mob so he could 
capitalize politically? We think he realized 
what he was doing; and also that he 
realized that the more vialent the mob 
became, the more he himself would stand to 
gain politically. 

Thirdly, if bombordment of the 'resident 
did indeed occur, then Mr. Nixon's national 
TV address following the incident was 
legitimate. But if Mr. Nixon' s car was pelted 
with a few rocks, eggs, and tomatoes while 
Nixon was in the auditorium, then the 
$pHch was deplorable. 

Ther. is a huge diff.rence between 
stoning the President and stoning the 
President's empty car. If, as it now seems, 
there was no direct attempt to assult the 
President, Mr. Nixon should have made that 
clear to a national audience which he well 
knew had come to believe otherwise. We 
believe Mr. Nillon wanted us to remain in 
the dark. 

The whole point is, we really don't know 
what happened in San Jose. We don't doubt 
that Mr. Nixon could have been stoned. But 
was he, in fact? 

Probably the truth lies somewhere in the 
middle. There was almost certainly some 
rock throwing, if not directly at the 
President, at least at some cars in his 
entourage. But the original reporh seem to 
have been grossly exaggerated; and the 
President's followup remarks only tended to 
reinforce that exaggeration. 

So we find ourselves increasingly aliented 
by both the radicals and the President. We 
will not be part of the "silent majority" of 
the President; nor will we count ourselves 
among the " apathetic masses" that the 
radicals descry. But who is there for us to 
believe? Whose leadership can we trust? 

We don't know. 

triton tillles 
Edilor-in-Chid .. /la\wood Gammun 
CilyEdilor . . .. . .. : Hich II ·imlil·h 
Managing Ed ilor . . .... \1 ike I-.. la~ er 
Copy Edilor ...... . Chul'k Graham 
lIusi ness Manaj!;er . ..... . Jeff Fricr! 
EdilOrialUireclor .. Raoul COl1lrera~ 
Associal(· Cily EdilOr .. . (),\('n JO\ IIcr 

Carl ~eihur~er 
Arls Edilor ...... . .. Tern Baral. 

porlS Edilor .. ..... Rol'l.\ Halfon 
Pholograph y Edilur . . .. Juhn Zaller 
Contributing Edilor .. . SIc\(' I.andau 

News Department 
Rod Lo,ong 
Juliano Cinque 
Rose DeCosta 
DaVId Kopelunnik 
Kathy Ru.t 
Carl Neiburger 
Robert Miller 
Molly Selvin 
Bruce Morden 
Mike Kontro 
Mike Roth 
Brenda WIlson 
Mike Lyon. 
Mike Towney 
Jim Sill. 

Arts Department 
Joy Gillette 
Peter Gordon 
Bobbie Fink 
lorry John50n 

Arti," 
Sarah McKenna 
Allan Sekula 
George SOlani 

Asst Managing Ed 

Advertising 
Departme"1 
Mark Trilling 
Susan Code. 
Molly Selvin 

Secretarial Stoff 
Stevo Cohen 
Marge VanValken· 

burgh 

Joo Ea.te,n Copy Deparlm."t 
Comy Shorkk Sharon Weldy 

Debbie Monlgomery 
Production Gleno Schroeter 
Dove Buchbinder Molly Montgomery 

The TRITON liMES " officially recognIZed and .uppo-ted a. a 'Iudent new.paper by the Cammunicol,on. Boord 
of Ihe Un ... ,,, y of Colifornio. Son Diego, Building 250, Molth.w. Compu., La Jolla, Coliforn,a 92037. Publtcotion 
is twice weekly a. Tue.day. and Fridays. Office. are located in !oam 117. Bloke Hall, on the Revelle Campu •. For 
AdYerli' ing 1 hone .~3 2000 . XIOI7 ; for oditariolornew,phoneXl016. 

Page 8 Triton Times 

Express your 
ideas 

in 
TRITON TIMES 

Send lette..rs 
and columns to 

Editorial Director; 
TRITON TIMES 
117 Blake Hall 

UCSD 

November 6, 1970 

ANew Recruitment Policy 
Howie Porte r 

A .. Vice-President 

The question concerning the open recruitment policy on this 
campus has been considered everal times by various politi al 
factions on this campus, and al 0 by administrators such as 
Tom Hull and Dean Burchill. The political factions have 
expressed opposition to the policy. as demonstrated by their 
actions towards such groups as the military. other 
governmental agencies (e.g. the CIA ). and indu trial 
complexes which erve functions related to unpopular 
activities such as the Vitetnam War. The admini tration i 
sensitive to the possibility that perhaps the present policy does 
not fit the needs of the students. and is willing to work 
collaboratively to change the policy to answer problems which 
are encountered with the present policy. 

Th rationale behind the present policy is to give a non· 
diSCI iminate. broad overview of all possible mean to achieve 
individual goals. For the Univer ity to serve a a paternalistic 
funnel by limited availability of information. i.e .. selective 
recruitment. is in direct conflict with the function of the 
Umversity and also this pre~ent policy. 

As an alternative policy I want to offer a hybrid of the 
prescnt policy and the selective policy. These uggestions are 
based upon the assumption that career planning and coun eling 
serves primarily as an edu ational guide to vocational goals. 

The Center hould have files of pamphlets of 
information from every employer who would b 
interested in the Univer ity products. This I beli ve i 
already the case. 
2. They should also have means to find what particular 
institution are of interest to a number of students and 
invite only ~hese groups to address interested students in 
an informative seminar. This would eliminate groups 
who arc of no interest to students from campus. 

Obviously it follow that there are certain groups which 
which will habituallv be 01 interest to students such as the 
professional school : The center should follow its own model. 
the Pre-Medical Advisory staff. in setti ng up the facilities to 
cater to the needs of the other professional schools. As an 
exLen ion of this the individual departments on campus should 
establi h advisory committees to coun el undergraduates who 
wish to go on to graduate school. 

3. The enter. along with th individual departments. 
faculty. and also nun-academic members in the field. 
should have seminars scheduled into the ori nlation 
programs of the colleges to advi e freshmen of the 
particular tate of th field in any respect. Hopefully 
there would be a follow-up program to give guidance as it 
is n eded . This could be simply answered with a staff 
counselor or perhaps interested faculty members. 

This. I believe. would help advis students in finding 
pragmatic means to realize id ailstic goals. 

These are only a few ideas which I think. in concert. would 
help alleviat tile problem Dr unwanted recruitment services. 
;:md also give validity to the presence of philosophically 
unpopular group . Also. I should mpha ize the pOint that ther 
is a great resource in the faculty . graduat s of th university 
community who could cullabolatively work with mrmbers 
from the field as well as the prole Slona) oun lIors to giv 
guidance to student 

Thes ar only suggestIOns. Since care r planning and 
counseitng is a student service. the initiative for change in lhe 
pre' nt policy should ('0111' from the students who wish to 
shar their ideas and or participate in changing the policy to 
get in contat:\ with me . 

About Racism And Academic Responsibility 
Allana and John Elovson 

Simply does not follow that dilferenc s between groups (with 
va tly different experiences in precisely those lactors known 
to arf e t measured IQ I could therefore be ascribed to heredity. 

Black·White Comparisons Difficult 

To rule out an "obvious and reasonable hypothesis on 
political or emotional gound ." surely is disa , trous to free 
inquiry. 1I0wever, Arthur Jrnsen 's thesis that differences 
between American blacks and whites in av rage IQ scores is 
due in large part to genetic differences. is neith r reasonable 
nor obvious. On the contrary. it has been wid Iy rejected on 
solid grou nds as a cienlifically unprofitable qu tion , as Both Jensen and Munsinger give considerable weight LO the 
shown in the article by Bodmer and avalli-Sforza in the argument that IQ difference betw en U.S. blacks and whites 
October 1970 issue of Scientific American. Since the question is persist even when comparisons ar made between groups of 
obviously a complicated one with a long history and cannot be " the same socio- conomic tatus." As Bodmer and Cavalli-
re olved in the space pOSSible here , readers are urged to 'forza and many psychologists have stre sed . it is difficult to 
examine their pre entation of the issues and evidence. see how the tatus of blacks and whites in the United States 

While no one disputes the rea 'onableness of the idea that could ever be compared . 
individual variation in lQ scores (whatever they may mean and "The very existence of a racial tratification. correlated 
however they may be tested I is influenced in part by with a relative socio-economic deprivation. make this 
behavioral characteristics that are affected by one's genetic comparison su p ct:·. no amount of money can buy a black 
endowment, the data from studies of twins reared together and person's way into privileged upper class white community, or 
apart, etc ., etc., do not provide a "direct comparison of the buy off more than 200 yea rs of accumulated racial prej udice 
relative influence heredity and environment exert on on the part of whites .... It is impossible to accept the idea that 

. measured IQ." Such determinants are fraught with matching for status provides an adequate, or even a substantial 
methodological problems; they are notoriously difficult to control over the most important environmental differences 
obtain: they depend on a host of assumption which are never between blacks and whites." The e include the well-
fully met ; and they are particular only to the circumstances in documented effe ts of inadequate pre-natal care. maternal and 
which they are obtained . This means that estimates obtained in neo-natal nutrition and health care . overcrowding. and the 
Western European Caucasian populations cannot be used to quality of chooling. to say nothing of the pervasively 
assess the relative influence of heredity and environment for de tructive effects on elf-e teem and aspiration. 

'.' other groups in other circumstance. .'. 

.~~.~ Questions Vary Widely Munsinger Data Cited ~.~~ Scores on IQ tests are obtained by answering a particular ~~~ as ortment of question . (Among children. differences of 10 For example. Dr . Munsinger cite a "congruent with a ~~~ 
::: points on total IQ scores can sometimes be the result of failing genetic explanation of racial differences:' data reporting that ::: 
:.: to answer only four or rive que lion . ) These questions vary lower class Cauca ian children core slightly higher than upper .:. 
::: from test to te t (the IQ of the same person can show middle class black children from "managerial and ::: 

~~~ con iderable difference from one test to another). and have professional parents." However, these data , which appear in a ~~~ 
::: been shown to require a variety of different abilities. some of report by A.B. Wilson to the .S. Commission on Civil Right . :.: 
::: which are quite distinct. entitled "Educational Consequences of egregation in a 
::: The relationship of these IQ scores to " innate intelligence," California Community," do not argue very well against the ~:~ 
::: whatever that may be. has b en discussed by John T. E. importance of environmental and socio-economie factors (and :.::. 
::: Richardson in a previous issue. and need not be gone into thus . by default. (or genetic factor ). ince the author notes :.:.:. 
.:. again. The point to be stre ed here i that one ' IQ scor . " that status diff rences between Negro occupational levels are 
::: obVIOusly, is not a unitary chara<"leristic which can be related not a great as among white group. Minister . for example. ~~~ 
::: to one gene. Clearly. It results from a complex variety of are routinely coded as 'professional ' Among l\egroe . :::.:: 
:.: behaviors that are dependent on the action of many genes and however. many ministers are ill-educated . and some actuallv 

:~~ the extent to which the abilities they make possible have been combi ne ministry with ca ual labor " The author note that ::: 
.'. developed by one 's experience this disparity in IQ core increases with time spent in :~: 
::: As pomted out by Bodmer and Cavalli- ' forza . there are still segregated schools. and that the t sts used to e timate IQs :.::. 
::: no effective tools for determining the heritability of complex even In primary hool. "were administered after the students :.:.:. 

~.~~. characteristics which depend on the combined action of many had been in school for some time" (p.l74 l. 
genes. It is therefore not pOSSible to as ert. as do Jensen and It is all ver~ well to reject out of hand the racist argument ::: 

::: Munsinger. that it has been d monstrated , either that IQ which believe that "one race is inherently superior to other . ::: 
::: score ar heritable. and therefore ... can be influenced by and has the right to dominate them becaus of thi inherited :.':.::.' 

~~~ genetic selection. " or lhat "the available evidence is at least superiority." How ver. it would be the better part 01 academiC 
::: as supportive of a genetic as an environmental explanation. . responsibility for all of us to fully understand the existence of ::: 
.'. " Moreover. it tS mOSL important to stress that even if it were such racism in our society . and to grasp its political and social ~:~ 
'::: po sible to demon trat that much of th measured IQ implications for " free inquiry" in the "ma~ketplace of ideas." :.::. 
{ differences within a group was due to hereditary factor . it ::: 

i ~ 
:\:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: ... :.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .:. ;. :.:.:.: .:.:.:.::::::: ::::::::::::.::::::::::::::::~::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: : :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:: : ::: :::.:.:::::::::::::::::::.:::::::::::::::: :;:::::::: ;;::; ;;::;;:::;:::;:::;::: ; ::: . :::::;:;., :: : 
LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
Let's Be Fair 
Editor : 

[ profoundly regret that the 
discussion of the Contemporary 
Issues program has sunk to the 
level exhibited in the letter from 
Mike Sheerin published in the 
TRITON TIMES for November 
3. It has been a proud tradition 
in John Muir College that we 
conduct our debates, even when 
most intense, in a spirit of 
fairness and courtesy . Mr. 
Sheerin's letter violates our 
tradition for the first time 
known to me . This single 
example is so appalling that 
perhaps we shall never see 
another. 

My regret is all the greater 
because up to the moment of my 
writing to you, Dr. Lola Sch-
wartz has not had a chance to 
respond in print to the questions 
raised about the program. 
Moreover, those who have had 
the most to say in public have 
not talked with her or myselI, so 
that their information is not 
complete-or seems not to be 
from the accounts they are 
giving. I am confident that Dr. 
Schwartz will be heard. When 
she is, those interested in the 
program should see that it is 
wide open, and even welcoming, 
to diversity of views and that it 
is conducted in a spiri t of free 
inquiry and independent 

judgment. Any other condition 
would be intolerable in . the 
program and our college. 

I'rl/vllst Juhn S" 'warl 

Landmark Beer 
Bar To Go 
Students and Faculty of 

UCSD are very upset over the 
pending closing of their favorite 
beer bar, The Parley Room 
Tavern on Fifteenth street in 
Del Mar. 

Grey DeWolf, owner of the 
bar for five years has been 
given until December first to 
evacuate the premises. Reasons 
given by the new leasers of the 
building 9n the corner of 15th 
street and 101, is that a student· 
oriented beer bar does not fit 
into the plans for the betterment 
of the community. 

The tavern has becn a favorite 
of UCSD by continually 
featuring the Happy Hours, 10 
cent nights with UCSD "guest 
bartenders," parties for UCSD 
teams and clubs pitcher nights, 
old time movies, etc. All the 
students living in the apart-
ments upstairs have also been 
given notice that they are to be 
evict d. 

DeWolf, ten year Marine 
veteran and father of nine, says 
he has no idea what he 'l! do 
upon leaving December l. 

Charll'" Mar;,II' 1I 
J illl 1-.. "11(.1'111 
~ I l'\!, Landau 
IIi II "la .. ~ lu 

Slnl1l'wu ll T. Frl'l' 
Galatlll~ 

Is It Out 
On Tuesday 's? 
Editor: 

I'm ready to believe that 
students don 'I know that the 
TRITON TIMES comes out on 
Tuesdays as well as Fridays. I 
know quite a few people on 
campus but no one even men-
tioned seeing the article con-
cerning mysclf and the Com-
mittee of Returned Volunteers. 
Of course, no one showed at the 
meeting time or called me. 
Before I asswne that there are 
no returned volunteers who 
might be interested in getting 
to 'ether, I'd like to try once 
more to induce some interest in 
CRV. If anyone who has served 
a a volunt er in the Third 
World would Iik to know more 
about CRV I>r just talk to 

another returned volunteer 
contact me, through the Visual 
Arts Deparlment or call 755-
7557. 

I'd like to say to Roger A. 
Freedman (re his letter on 
Friday) that he's got to express 
himself more clearly if he in-
tends to be understood when 
writing. I can see that the 
American Field Service 
Program is dear to his heart, 
but that in itself does not make a 
very compelling argWTlent for 
whatever case he has vis-a-vis 
the position of CRY. 

Fred Lonidier 

Give Dogs 
The Vote 
Editor: 

A controversy over the 
presence of dogs and cats in the 
married student apartments 
has escalated to enormous 
proportions. Threats have been 
mad against prop rty and the 
lives of aninlals. As a step 
toward the resolution of the 
conflict, a vote has been 
plann d (with th approval of 
the housing offi e) to 1I0w the 
Mesa residen ts to express their 

Editors: Note L 00 K! 
G S ht T S ? KING SNEDLEY ot ornet Ing 0 ay. is on the T-Shirts 

The editorial pages of the TRITON TIMES are open to 
the entire University community. If you feel the paper is 
too liberal or too conservative, why not help to try and 
cbange its direction. If you feel certain issues or 
viewpoints have been ignored or de-emphasized why not 
express them yourself. The TRITON TIMES seeks 
articles expressing the views of individuals and 
organizations, students and faculty , and administration 
and concerned citizens. If you feel your writing ability is 
equal to some of our columnists the opportunity to 
contribute on a regular basis is also open. All potential 
columnists should contact the editorial director; 
individual articles of opinion should be sent or delivered 
to the same. How well we reflect the University can be 
determined only through feedback from our readers. 
You can and should criticize or commend any part of the 
paper through letters-to-the-editor. 

think it fortunate that a 
relatively minor issue has 
provided us with the op· 
portunity of knowing who our 
friends are within the student 
community , for the time seems 
fast approaching when a 
mistaken confidence could be a 
matter of life and death. There 
is no such thing as an isolated 
issue. 

(lOS$ IIl,n ut· .. 1 si .. , 
King Snedley is permanently 
affixed to this swell T-Shirt in 
much Ihe same way as sweet 
Princess Fatoona is allzched to 
her . banana splits and cheese· 
burgers. However, although 
there are no Fatoona·sized T-
Shirts in Hopland, we may 
have one to fit you! 
And, with King Snedley on 
front of your silver-grey shirt, 
you can frighten away gho Is 
and weirdos. Only $2.95 each. 
NOT cheaper by the dozen . 
Also available: the King Snedl 
Royal Seal on the same lovely 
T-Shirt. ole Ihe ht cats ilnd the 
hop Inns that King Snedley 
uses to do what 
he does. $2.95 
nch also. 

feelings about allowing pets. 
Yet some of my neighbors are 
unwilling to wait for the out-
come of the vote before taking 
action. Repeating Law and 
Order (but no Justice or 
Hwnanity ), these neighbors are 
planning a lawsuit with the 
announced intention of 
pressuring the administration 
into beginning eviction 
proceedings against certain 
others of my neighbors before 
the vote i taken. The Mesa 
residentsnamedin the suit have 
long hair and a dog, the in-
stigators of the sui t have 
neither. 

Hil'lwrt.l \ .,lle SNEDLEY 
Grad Student, Literature T-SHIRTS: 

Most students these days are 
accustomed to administrative 
harrassment on the one hand, 
and persecution by the non-
academic community on the 
other (though both of these are 
occa ionally our own fault), but 
the one group in which we are 
accustomed to place our con-
fidence is the student com-
ITlunity. ow, however, some 
students are being threaten d 
WIth the 10 s of their homes by 

A dearth of POETS; 
so 
submit! 
Tou 
your Jloems. \ 
We pr int Arts D pt. 

th direct action of other r;' 
students. I think this marks a ~ f 
n 'W low ill our attempt to build ~ 
a better world in Southern ~ 

alifornia. Deplorable a this ~ ...... 
ituation i however. I, for one, 

, -_._._-_. __ .... _--.. -.---------.oj 
:T 
, 
, 
, 

• 
• 
• 
• 

· • , 
• 

COUPON 

I 
!!-

I 

I j 
I ~ ,. 

Ot ~ E '0 ~ 
.. '0 _ 
Z < u 

Triton Times November 6 r 1970 Page9 



(Play Review) 
Little Murders: 
Feiffer at His Best 

Peter Gorden 
Arts Writer 

The cartoon commentaries of Jules Feiffer are well known. 
Appearing in such diverse publications as Tbe Los Angeles 
Times, The New Republic and Playboy, his social caricatures 
are at once hilarious and terrifying. Feiffer's vignettes on Dick 
and Pat, Dick and Spiro, Dick and John (Mitchell), John and 
Martha and various assortments, of revolutionaries, rad-libs 
and women's libs reveal an accurate insight into our society 
with a minimum of words. It was thus with great apprehension 
that I went to see Feiffer's play "Little Murders" at the 
Cassius Carter Centre Stage. Would the Feiffer wit lose itself 
in a mass of theatrical verbiage? 

Fortunately not. Throughout the play the humor maintained 
the poignant, rather bitter quality which is found in the Feiffer 
column. We have the Newquist family, The Typical 
Americans, in which masculinity is held to be of such 
importance that the daughter can beat up any boy on the block. 
She comments that when she sleeps with a guy it is usually her 
who is worried about bis getting pregnant. The father is named 
Carol, naturally despises his name and is anything but a sissy: 
the son snickers at the thought of Fashion Photography (woo-
woo ). Then there is Mrs. Newquist, who could very well be 
elected Mother of the Month by Reader's Digest. She is very 
proud of such family aphorisms as "Come and get it! " and is 
shocked at any mention of shit, especially at the dinner table. 
Judge Stein is a very close friend of the family (he and Carol 
get each other discounts) whose passionate belief in God As 
The Supreme Diety invokes a special pride in the hearts of us 
with faith . Reverend Dupas is the hippy (or is that hippie) 
minister who marries Patsy ewquist to her photographer 
beau. Like man , he ays, whatever it is, it's all right, it's cool. 
Don't worry about it. The one in charge of solving the 342 
unsolved murders is Lt. Practice. He needs it. he manages to 
get it ... lets face it. they all have guns. 

What makes " Littlf Murders" beautiful is that Feiffer has 
managed to retain the concise format of his column.in which he 
uses stereotyped iIT ages to evoke qUite onglnal Ideas. 
Although Reverend DI.pas is a hippie (or is it hip~y) and can be 
very easily viewed wi h ympathy by those 01 us III tlie j'oungpr 
gen'eration (after al!. J)Jle ~eiffer is over thirty l it is very 
easy to sense the trage<ly which IS eVidenced. not In hi word ' 
but in what we percei' e. Everything is not all fight : everything 
isn't cool. Although 've may chuck le at The Fag. we cannot 
keep trom wondering lt the same time about our overemphasis 
on ma culinity . The pacH,st i constantly turning the other 
cheek and we feel that thi s i noble. yet i liggr ssive pacifism 
the most eflecllve means of non-vlOlen ? Feiffer toys with 
our preconl'eived notions about stock characters and situations 
to th extent that there are ultimately no good guys and no bad 
gUlls. The impudent snob IS no bett r than th silent majority. 
th ' pig I no wor than th Ireak. In "LillIe Mu rd rs" Feiffer 
as\.. . us With which Side do w b long and why 

" Little Murder ," IS WOI th ping. It IS not the slightest bit 
heavy h nd d In .. pitt' 01 all 01 its implicatIOns The acting. 
ahh(iugh by no mans sup rh . IS quit ad qua~ and th cast 
obvlou 'Iv undt'rstands Its It . Littl Murders IS worth the 

dll~ ,uid the cost 01 adm ls'lon and , most Important. w'lI 
worth the time. 

... 

"Muse", a triangular creation by Zaslov now appearing at The La Jolla Museum of Art 

Floating Saucers 
Of Light and Color 

Bill Alaoglu 
Art~ Writer 

Quite sadly, the use of light sources in modern art has been 
limited to a Madison Avenue neon glow through bright 
plexiglass. or the allstract mimic of television, the light show. 
The invention of the light bulb has created a world of artifiCial 
light that has not been reflected in artistic experience. 

On Display 
However. the work of Lawrence Hanson. on display at the La 

Jolla Museum of Art, is constructed only of projected light. 
The light. reflected from a round mirror, is thrown towards the 
opposite wall. Towards. not against, because the soft saucers 
of color clearly float several inches away from the surface. 
The viewer is drawn into a meditative mood as he becomes 
absorbed in the non-active image and its gradations of intensity 
and texture. Quite profoundly, Hanson has reaffirmed that 
light , and light alone, communicates the visual experience. He 
has completed Einstein's equation, creating an "art object" 
abandoning material " mass" and substituting light " energy." 

The works remind the visitor that one does not see an obJed, 
but rather the light that it reflects: there is no illusion, for the 
ub tance of Hanson 's works is the same fabric of all other 

visua l art. light. 
These works are part of the "Three [rom Wa hington State" 

exhibi t. now showing at the La Jolla Museum of Art through 
November 29. The works of two other Washington State artists. 
Paul McCracken lind Brian Kazlov. complete the show. 

The least well known in Southern California, Kazlov. has 
constructed four paintings that move in two dimensions. The 
surface folds from the wall onto the floor . where the delicate 
lacquered colors that seem to suggest an atmo pheric 
landscape are reflected. A linear pattern dra \'n on b.oth 
surfaces reinforces the Idea that the two sections are distinct. 
while similarities of color imply reflection. The effec t is much 
like a simplification of great. horizontally banded cliffs of the 
Grand Canyon reflected in the I.:>t so till water of the 
Colorado. 

Movie Review 

McCracken Shows Topicality 
Paul McCracken is well known in La Jolla and his work will 

seem familiar to regular patrons. The examples have a 
topicality, a concern for issues. "Aerial nest" seems to ask if 
square birds will be hatched from square eggs In square ne~ts. 
of a world with television aerials and no trees. " Burnmg 
Through" shows the tip of a giant Bic Pen bursting through the 
surface of the work, still able to write after destroying the 
barrier. " Pressed Flowers" and " I Saw" clearly ask what is 
happening to our environment, what violence man is doing to 
the world. " Lights Out" shows [our burst light bulbs and a fifth 
yet untouched by the violent passage of four bullets through the 
clear plexiglass case.· The entry and exit holes, the shards of 
glass thrown through the case, the lwisled filaments , the 
feeling of the immediate count one, two, three, four and the 
imminence of five , stand in testimony to our recent familiarity 
with the details of murder and assassination. 

.. 

A work of "art" (?) , by Rod McKracken 

Frolll Those Wonderful People 
Who Brought Y on Dr. Zhivago ... 

byMGM 

David Lean's 15th motion picture. " Ryan 's Daughter" . is a 
tr iangular love story about a 21-year-old Irish girl going 
through what screenwriter Robert Bold calls " the whole tragi-
comic business of growing up , of adjusting your a piralions to 
reality without abandoning them altogether", her diffident 
schoolteacher husband 20 yea rs her elder: and a young British 
officer wounded on the Western Front who becomes her lover. 

The setting is Ire land in 1916. with the ~poch-making events 
of the Easter Rising and the Western Front unfolding beyond 
the horizon of the coastal village where the story takes place. It 
is the intrusion of these seemingly faraway events which 
irrevocably changes the lives of the film's central characters. 
Though the story is intimate, the scope of the picture- entirely 
filmed on the wild , rugged Atlantic coast of Ireland- is very 
large indeed. 

The film stars Rob rt Mitchum. Trevor Howard . Sarah 
Miles . hri stoph r Jones, John Mill s. and Leo McKern. A 
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer release. it was filmed in Super 
Panavision 70 and Metrocolor and produced by Anthony 
lIavelo k-Allan for Faraway Productions AG. 

Mitchum plays the husband . Miss Miles hi s spirited wife , 
Rosy. and Jon s her lover. Howard. Mills and M Kern play 
characters who also love Hosy in their different ways lI ow rd . 
as th village priest. understands but cannot condun her : 
Mill s plays th mute. misshap n idiot who yea rns ror h r 
irrationally and from afar: and MrK rn plays her lather Ryan . 
whose worship of h r is finally disastrous. 

Lean, Bolt. Team [or Third Film 
"Rya n's Daughter" uniles L an and Bolt. undoubtC'dly the 

mo t u('('('ssful director-Imler a so ialiun In films todav. for 
th third !tme Th Ir two previous films together ... Lawr nce 

of Arabia" and " Doctor Zhivago." were smash hits the world 
over. Together the films won a grand total of thirteen Oscars, 
Lean receiving the Best Director award for " Lawrence," as he 
had previously for "The Bridge on the River Kwai," and Bolt 
winning his gold statuette for Be t Screenplay for "Zhivago.·' 
In addition to the David Lean projects. Bolt recently scored 
another huge success with " A Man for All Seasons," scripted 
from his own play, which won him a second Oscar. . 

After "Lawrence" and "Zhivago," Lean and Bolt deCided 
that their next joint effort wOldd not be another "epic." 
although the canvas would be large , but a film that wou-Id also 
have a different scope- an emotional scope. 

While Bolt receives sole credit for the screenplay. he is the 
first to point out lhat is is as much Lean's story as his. The two 
men pent to gru ling months in perpetual story conference m 
Rome in 1967·66 'before they were satisfied that they had the 
story they had be n eeking .. 

Co unty Kerry Picked 

In Oct.ob r . 1968. af ter seei ng every inch of Ireland 's rugged 
West 'oat on foot , in a Land Rov r. and bv helicopter. David 
L an stood on a heather-clad hill al th tip of th Dingle 
Peninsula In County K rry and made a momentous d cision. 
There . he would build hi s fictional world of Kirrary. 

Th ('hlls('n Sit fulfilled all of the requirements of Bolt's 
s r npl ay. remoteness. a topography of mountains. bogs and 
barr n moorland dropping dr III ti ca lly lo th gr, nit ' cliff 
wall of th Atlantl(', obvious poverty. "nd not a single sign that 
thl.' area had progr('s d sIIlc'e 1916. 

The rilm will pr~lI1i 'I' III Ilullyw()od Novcmb r I:J . and be 
released soon al tel' 

10 Triton Times November 6, 1970 

) 
-; 
" 

11 
'i 
'i [' 

I" 
, -

Y' 

r 

J 

POSSIBILITIES Photo Exhibit at Cluster Library 
Lindo McAllister 

Arts Writer 
Occult 
' hakespeare 
" The Occult Significance of 

,hakespea re ." is a d ra ma tic 
'1terpretation by Donna 
'Voodruff. in costume. to be 
p resented by the 
Theosophical Society in San 
Oiego at 4567 - 30th Street 
between Madison and 

\10nroel, 8 p.m.. Sunday. 
ovember 8. 
Donna Woodruff is well 

known in San Diego [or her 
talent as an actress. Vincent 
Price spoke of her as an artist 
of unusual versatility and 
personal radiance." She is a 
member of the United Lodge 
of Theosophists and so gives 
to the performa nce a 
Theosophist' s in ight and 
understanding of the hidden 
depths of Shakespeare 's 
philosophy. 

Shakespeare's knowledge of 
witchcraft. black magic, 
mythology, symbolism and 
metaphysics are all superbly 
dramatized. discussed and 
c,plained by Mrs. Woodruff. 

lie conducted a series of 
Smithsonian workshops in 
intaglio printmaking. studied 
major print collections such 
as that of the British 
Museum. lectured and 
exhibited works in Istanbul 
and Athens. 

Dennis Parrott comes from 
Liverpool. England . 
Presently he teaches pa inting 
and design at San Diego State 
as a Fulbright exchange 
teacher scholar. lie is an 
"a rt ed ucator " by 
enthusiastic choice. Parrott 
has exhibited extensively in 
England and hi s painting 
have been largely 
commissioned work . He is on 
leave this year from hi 
po ition as enior Lecturer at 
Kirkby Fields ollege of 
Education in Liverpool. 

A post-dialogue period is 
planned. The public is invited 
to attend this program which 
promises to be anything but 
u ual and local. After dinner 
refreshment at 7:30 p.m. A 
$1.00 donation is requested. 
Reservations may be made 
by calling the gallery at 232-
7931. 

"P Th " ower rone 
For further information 

(i, 11 296-2685. No charge: this 
. a free-will offering. 

UCSD 
Fine Arts Gallery Art Gallery 

The Artist and His World is 
the subject of a series of 
programs spon ored by the 
Contemporary Arts 
Committee to be held at the 
Fine Arts Gallery of San 
Diego during 1970-71. The 
first program in the series 
will be held in the James S. 
Copley Auditorium. Tuesday, 
November 10th. 

A dialogue between two 
prominent artist-teachers. 
"The Artist and the School", 
will begin at 8:00 p.m. Paul 
Lingren and Dennis Parrott 
are the two featured 
participants, it was 
announced by Lee Gerlach. 
Cha irman of the 
Co ntemporary Arts 
Committee. 

Paul Lingren, a member of 
the art faculty of San Diego 
State College and printmaker. 
is a highly respected teacher 
and his work has been 

I exhibited in the United States 
and abroad . During the past 
three years. Lingren has 
served as cultural emissary 
of the United States in Iran. 
Lebanon. Turkey and India . 

The " Power Throne ," a 
mixed electronic environment 
built around the human heart 
beat by New York artist Robert 
Newman, will be exhibited in 
the University of California, 
San Diego Art Gallery Wed· 
nesday, November 11, through 
Tuesday, December 1. 

The UCSD Art Gallery, 
located on the Matthews 
Campus, is open free to the 
public, Hours are Tuesday 
through Sunday, 11 :00 a.m. to 
4:00 p.m., and Wednesday 
evenings, 8:00 to 10:00 p.m. 

According to ARTNEWS, 
Newman "creates a new kind of 
poetry in his red, crimson, pink, 
reverberatory chamber" and 
"has a way of calling attention 
to the basic, inattentive and 
un known parts of yourself that 
leads you carefully into your 
own core, controlling message 
and mystery and creating a 
warm aura of meditation." 

Newman, who is coming to 
UCSD from New York 
especially to put his work 
together, creates a new kind of 
art experience with his "Power 
Throne." Instead of the usual 

GROUP-DIS(OUNTED 
AUTO INSURANCE 

P 
~ ,,~ .. ""-.tt,",I'''~ 

M .~~$T""" a 
STUDE",., 

A .eClo~ pr ........ It f'Y" ...... ' .... 

TWO CII DliCQU 
A 10% ."ovnl .. II ....... lit 

two or mor MI'O! )ro"',dcd ... 
are owned by .. moMcluqJ or nus. 
bond and ..... ft lMftt In "" \0"" 
housenold 

GUARANTEED PLACEMENT 
Plocement Guaranteed regardl", 

of drIVing record 

e. • 
.... y ",oblt.-.l for 
........... ,. p ..... of College 
..... NaIto.owJde .... rog. II 

d on Q 2A h"", • doy bo., 
during .... ' ".rWIII for which pre 
mlum IS poid. 
IlN4iIIlI 

W11il. !tIlS policy 15 In .ffecl ,h. 
IMuted "vden, " onured of hI , 
compllonc. w"h 'he State of Colif· 
ornlo Flnanciol RespoMlb,I,Iy low 

lor informotion CALL (7 14) 583·9393 

CSIS 5090 College Ave., No. 1 
Son Diego, CoM. 92115 

gallery, visitors enter an "in-
troduction room," a red 
throbbing room bathed in a 
soothing glow of red light. The 
room is empty except for a 
central red satin cylinder, the 
"enclosed structure" or 
" throne room," which rever-
berates with the deep drum· 
beat of a heart. 

Visitors are formally 
ushered, one-bY'~lne, into the ' 
central cylinder and are guided 
by two silent, robed girls toward 
an empty throne-a dentist's 
chair. Once in the chair, an 
electronic stethoscope is at-
tached and from four 36·inch 
speakers the visitor is 
surrounded by the sounds of his 
own heart beating rhyth· 
mically, making the chamber 
an enlargement of the human 
body. He is released into the 
heart beating within him. 

Earphones are put on and the 
visitor hears his heartbeat from 
within on a direct line from 
heart to brain. When the ear· 
phones are removed , the 
heartbeat still resounds from 
outside. The visitor is then led to 
an antechamber with a mirror 
and white light to see his own 
surface, his outside image. 

The sudden switch from in-
terior to the usual exterior is a 
shocking, efficient way to un-
derline the intensity of the 
previous brief contact with an 
aspect of one's experience 
which is usually so close as to go 
unexperienced, 

Tennessee 
Williams Trilogy 

Special tudent rates of 
$l.5O per person with A.S. 
card are available for the 
Tennessee Williams Trilogy 
now playing at the Mission 
Playhouse in Old Town on 
Fridays and Saturdays at8 :30 
p.m. The three plays in the 
repertory program include 
" A Streetcar Name d 
De sire". " Kingdom of 
Earth" and "Sweet Bird of 
Youth" . "Street Car" opened 
Frida y, Oct. 30th and 
" Kingdom of Earth" will 
open Friday. Nov. 6th. These 
two plays will alternate with 
each other on Fridays and 
Saturdays and will then be 
joined by "Sweet Bird of 
Youth" in late November. 
Call Box Office. 295-6453 for 
information and reservations 
between I and 5 p.m. 

A posed photo is not the goal ot Frank Caprio. 
I nstead. his objective is to capture lif - to stop 
it at a point of time. This philosophy comes 
across in the currenl exhibit of Caprio's works 
at the Cluster I Library (formerly known as the 
ilL l. The photos are mostly colored studies of 
people involved in their everyday environments 
- a park in Manhattan or Paris. ur the Mis ion 
Beach sea wall. 

Using the camera as an extension of hi s eyes 
Caprio works to combine hi s reactions to a 
visual effect with the feelings of the subj ct in 

Contert Reriew 

response to th moment and th photographer. 
A very pi asing sensation of ease is the result of 
this care. as though Caproi strIVe!! for . and at 
points reaches a workable medium between the 
stil ted aspects of a posed hot and the 
embarra ssment 01 intrUSion that ran ('ome lrom 
a ca nd id photo. 

This exhibit was set up by Cindy Muerdter and 
will be displayed through next week Then. 
there will be space available for more xhlbits 
and any students intere ted in displaYing hiS 
works should contact the library. 

Van Cliburn With San Diego Symphony 
Lorry lohnson 

Arts Writer 

After a five month vacation the San Diego 
Symphony got the eason off to a good start. 
apparently little the worse for the lay-off. It was 
gratifying to hear them perform so welL and 
gratifyi ng to see so many young faces and black 
faces in the audience. In fa t, it was gratifying 
ju t to see so many faces after last year's often 
sparse crowds. Perhaps these excellent trends 
are because the broader public is catching on 
that the symphony has something to offer more 
than the embalmed echoes of past ages, and 
perhap they are because orchestras are 
becoming more responsive to the public. 

Technical proficiency is very important in 
music, but beyond thal. interpretive genius is 
required to achieve the greatest artistic 
heights. We were fortunate in having our 
opening concerts enhanced with two of the 
finest of artists , oprano Janet Baker and 
pianist Van Cliburn. Miss Baker sang with a 
forceful intuitive insight Which, coupled with 
technical flawlessness. was exquisitely moving. 

In the more recent concert. Van Cliburn 
displayed a mastery of the keyboard that could 

hardl be believed even when witnessed. With 
the proficient help of the orchestra he 
overwhelmed us with Tchaikovsky's Symphony 

o I. After a standing ovation which was well 
merited. he returned to play two encore for 
us. Words fail to describe how beautifully he 
played . 

On the same program the small orchestra 
played Shostakovich's 12th Symphony (for the 
anniversary of the Rus ian Revolution ) Here the 
standards for the evening dropped omewhat. 
The orchestra was a little ragged m ome of the 
entrances, and not always right on target the 
rest of the time. Shostakovlch's music is an 
interesting synthesis of Western influence and a 
traditional Russian approach. The former 
element often got him in trouble with Party 
officials. but the blend eems a fairly happy one 
to us. 

Samuel Barber 's "Overture to 'The School for 
Scandal' " was the other effort of the evening , 
with the orchestra handling the rhythmic little 
piece very adequately. 

:::: ::.::: :::;:: :.:: :::::: :::: ::::::: ::::::: :::: :::: :::: :::: ::::: ::::::::: :::: ::: ::::::::::: ~::: ::::::::::::::::::::::::::.:::: :::::::.::: 

j t 
arts 

writers 
needed 

see terry 

Europe 

Express your 
ideas 

in 
TRITON TIMES 

Send letters 
and columns to 

Editorial Director; 
TRITON TIMES 
11 7 Blake Hall 

UCSD 

CAREERS IN 
LAW ENFORCEMENT 

Fall, Christmas and 
Summer 1971 flights 
available. Also to 
Israel and Japan . 

3000 Challenging and Rewording 
Openings for 3000 Concerned Men 

I.I.I.P .. I.C.I. 
8217 Beverly Blvd, 

los Angeles, CA 90048 
( 213) 6S 1·3311 

E,S,E,P.-U.C.S.D. members . 

$10,691 to Start 
Tuition Reimbursement 
Accelerated Promotions 

CONTROVERSIAL 
BOOK STORE 

City of l.A. will test at 5,0 , State College Placement 
Office, Sot. Nov, 7 from 8 a.m . to 4 p.m. Call the 
Career-Education Planning Placement Center at 
453-2000, ext. 2401 for details , 

DI Jill 
All POSTERS 50% Off 

Od,"r 7Ilhru Novemll., 3 }21i W5~DN 5l~D.' MIS~~~ ~ACA" TtL , 
Triton Times 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS 
7117 Fay 459-7355 

November 6 , 1970 Page 11 



This Week In (un) 
Pro Football 

Rocky Halron 
Sports Edilo r 

Writing this column on football every week has made me 
quite familiar with several teams. To tell the truth , I am truly 
bored of commenting on the Gophers, Degenerates, and De 
Anza. For this reason today's column will be dedicated to the 
lesser known teams of the leagues. Of the lesser known teams. 
the least known has to be a group of bums called the BOI 
Dildoes; so far no one has seen, played against. or even 
visualized the consummate strength of this group, which 
miraculously has been ranked third in the standings. 

Continuing our examination of the unknown will certainly 
unearth a team called the Snoids with a perfect record of 0 and 
6. This team has managed to remain winless, a feat which has 
been equalled by nine other teams; FUBAR, Meatiers. Yuba 
City,Ork IV. Rubber Band Quacks, Phackowii , and finally the 
Turkey . This should terminate our look at the DREGS of the 
football establishment. I would like to ay that the 
aforementioned teams. as well as many of the middle sec tion 
teams, are the heart. oul , and blood of intramurals, and that 
without this group of pleasure seekers all meaning would be 
10 t. • 

'ow a look at ourpro·s. Gophers and Degenerates have both 
been doing well , but the day has again been won by the staunch 
defenders of the American way, De Anza . De Anza ha 
managed to dream up a new twist to defense ; they have the 
on ly team whose defen e ha n't been cored UpOIl , and beli ve 
me. that is quite an achievement. 

The remaining literary offerings will mai nl y concern the 
brave and daring Media Maggots who have pre ured me into 
giving them this space. Having won three in a row, the 
Maggot feel that they can take the world. Having Mike Klaye r 
(Managing Editor ) named player of the week in the White 
League has not made life too pleasing in the T.T. office. but I 
guess that i the price you have to pay for greatness. Good luck 
Maggot . 

STANDINGS 
MUIR W L T 
DeAnza 6 0 
Del Mar Degenerates 4 0 
Argo II 5 2 
Superspuds 4 3 
Downers 3 3 
Horizontal Exercisers 1 4 
Creeping Crud 1 6 
Snoids 0 6 

REVELLE 
Brand X 6 0 
Dungeeps 4 1 
Potatomen 4 1 
Flagstaffers 4 2 
F.U ,BAR, 0 3 
Meatiers 0 3 
Yuba City 0 4 
Orcs IV 0 4 

RED 5 0 Purple Goghers 3 0 BOI 3 1 1 Panthers 2 2 Mudhens 
Dissectors 2 2 1 0 5 1 Rubberband 0 5 1 Quacks 

WHITE 

BioI Chern 3 0 1 
Stumblers 3 1 
Grand Caronical Ensemble 2 1 1 
Media Maggotts 3 2 
Phoenix Mutual Life 2 2 1 
Phackolvii 0 3 2 
Turkey~ 0 4 1 

SPORTS WRITERS 
NEEDED-
******* SEE ROCKY 

Recreation At A Glance 
DID YOU K OW - (Ibout UCSD HECHEATION DAY ? 

FRIDAY. OVEMBEH 13Iroml1:30 - 3:30 p.1ll AlllhelJCSD 
Clubs wil l displa.v their equipment un the MAl SOCCI<:R 
FIELD. 

Ther will b at least 30 prize ' raffled ofl al 3:00 p.m. 
Student · .. Facult. & Stan can pick up tiC'kels at cach club 
display! 

DID YOU K OW Most of the dubs arc thinking of 
ingenious ways for p opl to earn th ir raft Ie ticket'l Fencing 
Club. for example. is having a " Whopping" Contest! Two 
people challenge cach other to a pillow fight on an 8 fl. plank! 

IIERE 'S Til E LATEST ABOUT UCSD RECREATION 
CLUBS ... 

ANGLI G - Fir t meeting 7 p.m" Oct. Z9th. Thurs. - ZC 3515 . 
. . Charier Sea Fishing Trips to be planned - Ca ll Kenn . 277-
7231 

ARCHERY - AI Stover Ext. 1004 i calling the fir t me ling 
on Mon., ov. 2. 5:00 p.m. in the PE Classroom to se t up times 
to begin hooting at the new range. ew targets will be 
available and bows and arrows can be checked out at the cage 
by club members. 

AIKIDO - Meets every Sat. 1-3:00 p.m. It is much like Judo 
but there is more throwing . .. ca ll Art Burris if interested 453-
5320 in being thrown. 

BICYCLE - Pat Reardon 453-8861 is what you might call a 
little "gung-ho" ! For fun she might ride 50-75 miles on a 
Saturday or unday, and she presents a cha llenge for people to 
keep up with her - but the boys will not be out ridden ... Many 
tnps are planned to far away places! Call her for a list of 
planned rides. or pick up a schedule in the cage (gym). 

View From The Rock 
Rocky Hallon 
Sporls Edilor 

TO : ports Editor, Student New paper 

fROM : 

RE . 

San Diego University. La Jolla. California 

Gil Brandl. Director Player Personnel 

future professional talent 

FIRST. Thank you for the many past favors that you 
have extended to the Dalla s Cowboys 

. ECOND: Plea fill in the necessary information 
reque t d below and return a . ~uon as possible. 

TII IRD: Kindly li st in order of abil ity regardless of 
year in school players who you reel have fulure 
pro potential on your squad. 
,~\n PO~ITIO' "I-. I<.IIT ~t= I( .. IIT "tot I. t'n.R ,,* lIuOl f l.A\.' 

" 'lUllfll 
\hJu Mol\! .... IH.Jdc , 

'" 
.. ;Ih 

" .... " 
~ .... II 

IhOll'nJ."nt" ", ... fI!' ~tI,mtl· , , .. 
" 

,:t, I"IJ 1,111 
h,tll-no-.l ,t ...... r!l , , ..'11 

'" 
11.11" 11. "' ... • t'·1II 

U .. ull ""1ft .. r .. "f .. oI,,1o .. ,., 
" 

.., 1"1i boo.,,,, , 

fO RTII : Kindly list players who you have played 
against who yuu leel have future pro potential. 

'AM'" \('110411. pit'otlTlfl\ 1I". IGII1 \\t.IGtlT M,f: I I ' " 
1f'"fI .. nt.,,",u·! H~UI <Ill t .. U II . .. " \p It 

" ".ort"I ... , P"I~.' <i" ! .. II Ikd\\ \l •• 
" J .. hn I nll .. ~ 1."1. 

"" 
1 .. 1/ H ... " ., 

" J .. hnlloo6J' t~rw:, <i" l,jl 11.,1\\ " 
Please use reverse side for additional comments 

SPORTS ED ITOR " ockY Hal ton 
REPRESENTING IN THE 
DALLAS AND NATIONAL 
TEXAS FOOTBALL LEAGUE 

A few da ys ago [ ree iv d a lett r from the Dallas Cowboys. 
Before op ning it [ had visions of fr e tickets. congratulatory 
remarks. or even requests for me to cover one of their games. 
Instead I was greeted with a letter tha nking me for my past 
favors. and asktng me to send th m a li st of " future 
professional talent. " Apparently, th Co wboys' information 
d partment is at par with th ir d fcnse and oflen . for the 
future reference of the Cowboys. [ will give a brief and concise 
outl ine of the UCS D future talent. 

Most footba ll play rs at CSD are fortunately ndowed With 
th computer brain of a quart rback . ntortunately, it is 
complemented with lhe arm of a butterfly, Magniliccntly 
short. powerful. and driving legs arc to be found all around the 
school. nfortunatel y. th yare usually draped by miniskirts 
So the luck of U SO goe . If the owb ys w r sma rt, they 
would turn their attention to San Diego State, wh I' th 
circum tances are amazingly reversed. Students with natural 
arms ror quarterb~cklOg ar found to hav the brains of 
bulterflie ·. and th girls who ar beau tiful and attractiv , hav 
all the speed and agility of a halfba ·k. In thi s d pr s 'ed light I 
Icav you. hopefully to go to SDS and sec what a poor soul can 
lackl 

SAILING - Would you beli ve over 150 people sign d up lor 
the free sa iling c1asses'l (You will when you get into the course 
and see 12 people in one Sabol ... on ly kidd ing! The Sa iling 
Club is planning regattas , and the boats are being ch cked out 
all da y on w ek-cnds. First com .. . rirst sa il ! Ca ll Steve 
Giovaillloni 453-8606 for more info. 

SY CHRONIZED SWIMMI G - The girls are hoping to put 
on two shows thi s year and so any girl interested is 
encouraged to come Monday nights 6:30-7 :30 p.m. and on 
fridays 2-3 :30 p.m. to try it! You have not tried synchronized 
swimming until you try the ba ic strokes to music and learn a 
few stunts. Doing laps as Ray Kurowski (musical lifeguard ) 
plays his harmonica is not the 'ame! Ca ll Kathy Dennett 453-
4252 . 

SURFING - llot Curl! What makes you think surfing would be 
popular at UCSD? Thi school is purely academic except 
during the hours from 6 a.m. to approximately 8 p.m. when the 
surf is up! Enter the Open Surfing Contest ovember I . 
Sunday. Ca ll Gary Becker 755-6325 or go to the beach and he 
eventually will come to shore. There 's a party following the 
contest! 

SOCCER - If you want to kick up your heels, come to the 
Matthews Soccer field every Tuesday and Thursday from 4-
6:00 p.m. or call Mike Pelling X-ISS7. 

TENNIS - An inter-club tournament !s planned for Sunday, 
ovember 7th 9:00 a.m.-! :OO p.m. on the 6 courts north of the 

gym. Come that day to play and meet other members. A BIG 
Open Tournament is being planned for the end of ovember so 
this will be good practice! Ladder competition is al 0 
available, and play varies from beginning to advanced. Tennis 
is a game all ages can enjoy so all the "Oldies but Goodies" 
(faculty 'staff) are encouraged to participate' Ca ll Jens X-1482 
... the only person in the club who can play tenni while 
smoking a cigar! Courts will be c10 ed to public unday 7th, 
9:00 to 1:00. . 

IT'S 
A HARD PROPOSITION 

TO BEAT? 
If you get the feel ing you're spending 

too much time with the books ..• we may 
have the solution. Ours is a course in 

reading effiCiency that means we teach 
more than speed . Our course emphasizes 

study techniques, recall skills and 
flexibility of rate as well. 

Save $5500 by registering now! 
Pri~e increase goes into effect 

November 15, 1970. 

For information about classes call: 
233·7774 

EVELYN WOOD 
READING DYNAMICS 
2550 Fifth Avenue, Suite 616 
San Diego, Colifornio 92103 

Page 12 Triton Times November 6, 1970 

"LOOK FOR THE ROYAL FAMILY 
ON THE CAN" 

How many times have you seen or heard that phrase recently? Hundreds probably ... 
but we at KING SNEDLEY'S BEER felt that we should go one step further to assist 
the thirsty beer drinker in identifying OUR beer can from the many others on the 
shelf. Hence, we have reproduced a KING SNEDLEY'S BEER can on this page. 
This is what you SHOULD see on the shelf. 

, 

P OF t<fNG-SNEDLEY5 BEER CAN 1b (,NOT lLJ..l}STRATEP) 

?,""""""'",,nu'~ 

KING ~DuYs ~NAME-OF BEER 
BEFR. ( UPSI DE DOWN Ir 
"~EER WlTH US II 
(FAMILY MOTTO) 

QueEN LUCLEE 
(LOOt< AtHER BIG-

5ARRI NG:S .I ) 

WHOLE BUNGf OF 
FANCY STUFF (f NCLUDING--~"l:.i 

WOUL-D READ 
:?J339 

S;=n13NS-0NI)Jj 

KiNG- SNEDLE'{ 
C A REAL DANDY 

MONARCH ! ) 

MORE Bur fONS 
GARGOYL-ES! ) / BOI10M OF KING-

/- SNEDLEY$ BEER CAN Mtt········ .... ,. ••• ~.~ .... " ••••.... ,. 
(NOT ILLUSTRATED) 

This IS the FRONT of a KING SNEDLEY'S BEER CAN. 

This IS what you SHOULD see on the helf . .. how v r 

Triton Time, November 6 , 1970 Page 13 



... as confusing as it may seem, some guys put KING SNEDLEY'S BEER CANS on 
the shelf BACKWARDS ... like this: 

-rDPOF 

\' BEER WITH U5 II 
(SAME MOrro-

SNJ\E FAMILY.!) 

- BI6- WRITING-

PRI NCES$ FATOONA 
(HER FATHER WILL 

GIVE PHONE NUMBER 

WEAf<UNG 
PRINCE srAN 
(HIS GRADUATION 
. PlcnJRE FROM 

MI2S. NANOTCHKA5 
eALLET ACADEMY!) 
ONREQU~ .. ~ 

BurlONS 
( CONTINUED) 

FANCY STUFF 
(MAKES CAN LOOK 
LIKE OLD BEER SIEIN, 

OR FtJ5SISLY 
PARU.AJv1ENlBUIWINGS) eo, 10M 

(snLLNOI ~l 
I LLU STRA TED./ 

the BACK of a KING SNEDLEY'S BEER CAN. 

,tt, ••••••• ,.,.,. ,. ••• __ •••••• ,.",."t. 

e 14 

This IS 

Although this can has been put up on the shelf BACKWARDS, you will notice that 
all the printing is FRONTWARDS, as' a furth.er convenience to you. 
A LITTLE LESS CONFUSED? GOOD! ACTUALLY THOUGH, NO MATTER HOW 
YOU LOOK AT IT, KING SNEDLEY'S BEER IS SWELL BEER! 
REMEMBER, .. LOOK FOR AT LEAST SOME OF THE ROYAL FAMILY ON THE CAN. 

Trito n Times 

'Black Panthers' 
Freedom Conspiracy 

(Continued from page 2) 
conspiracy to murder . conspiracy to bomb, and pos e sion of a 
huge amount of weapons. 

CPS : Quite bluntly, do you think they're gui lty? 
Lefcourt : Well , no. But I should say that I don ' t think Black 

people struggling for their freedom in thi country can be 
guilty of anything. I sort of subscribe to what Tom Hayden was 
aying back in the May Day demonstrations in New Haven : 

that guil t or innocence is not really important any more : what 
is more important is the goals the party stands for. the party 
programs and the relationship of the party to whi te people : a 
movement to change their views on imperiali m and 
capita lism - it eems to me to be more important. The 
Panthers in New York get involved in what they call 
revolutionary self-defense. When you're fearing imminent 
de truction by the police, attacks through frame·up 
prosecutions and phy ical as aults from officers, you prepare 
and if you don't prepare then you're committing suic ide. Il is 
easy to turn that preparation into an indictment against almost 
anything. I assume that every Panther in this country i guilty 
of con piracy in one sense and that sense is that they are 
con piring to be free . 

CPS : What is your definition of subversive? 
Lefcourt: Before 1 an wer that 1 think I should point out that 

the Panthers have been J . Edgar Hoover's number one public 
enemy for three years running. I think that is an important 
fact, because we have a government which is putting forth a 
mas propaganda campaign regarding the Black Panther 
party. Whether it be the Attorney General's list or J . Edgar 
Hoover's saying that they are public enemy No. 1 or Spiro 
Agnew's saying that they are a criminal band of anarchists. 
What it really amounts to is government fear. Fear of po sible 
effectiveness in the black nation and in this country. that's 
what it' s all about. 

They stand for no more oppres ion, no more racism , no more 
war, no more imperialism, no more capitalist exploitation, and 
in that ense they are completely subversive. I can't talk in 
terms of definitions in the sense that the attorney general does. 
His definition of ubversive i anyone who wants to change the 
existing condition of the United Slates, which I guess should be 
termed pre-revolutionary conditions. I assume he is right. 

CPS: Have you had any trouble in the ubpoening of 
new men to reveal their sources? 

"You are defending a group that 
is clearly aga inst the system." 

Lefcourt : I've been in cQlltact with lot of newsmen who 
have either been the subject of subpoenas or threatened with 
them. 1 don't think we can talk in terms of what the 
government violates. It' really nonsen e. They're going to do 
what they have to do to meet the challenge of this moveme.nt. 
People too naively talk about the government not complYing 
with th law. It' really silly. Because the government makes 
the law. The attorney general makes the guidelines and he can 
change them or do what he wants with them. I mean, there is 
an executive policy in this country: executive stemming from 
the Pr ident of the United States. Repression and stopping 
this movement. Thi policy, instead of being checked by the 
legislative branch. the Congress . instead of that check 
opera ting, the Congress has joined in that policy of repressIOn 
and appropriated the ne essary funds to upply the FBI and 
other secret police organizations with the weaponry needed to 
stop movements for change. The courts. Instead of operating 
as a check on the executive and I gi lative bran hes join right 
in . Instead of declaring obvious unconstitutional statues 
unconstitutional such as the Chicago 7 riot act. they join right 
in and allow it to go on. When we talk about law we're talking 
about law in a situati n which involve the e confh ts. A 
challenge is being proposed to an existing order. An ord r 
which will turn fascist to protect its rulers. It' s really nOL 
helpful to di cuss whether or not they've violated their sp cific 
statues or guidelin s. 

PS : Do you think the government is intere 'ted in justice or 
in simply crea ting and perp tuating an im ge about th 
Panthers? 

Lefrourt · It is Interested In mamtaming it · power. It IS 
inler st d in maintaining domesti tranquility whether it be 
through lorce or Jailing its r volutlonari s or what have you 
That is the government's interest. It I not at all mter sted In 
any form of justice here at home, in Viet Nam: or Asia . o~ 
South Am rica , W ar involved in a world revolutIOn Proples 
liberation movement · are starling m all continents of this 
('arlli. Blacks in Alrica . Browns in outh Amcn a, and Yellows 

in Asia - the United States is in the midst of that revolution 
Its purpose is to hold it off to prevent the wri ting on the wall 
from becoming a reality. The United State domestic scene has 
linked up with that world revolution. The black and white 
revolutionaries in thi country have joined this revolution. I 
think that is what really hou ld be discussed. Not the naive 
questions about justice , about what the government wants to 
do. They' ll do anything that' s necessary to maintain control. 

CPS : In your opinion, how much control do they have? What 
is the breaking point as far as what you can see? 

Lefcourt: I see in the next two or five years in thi s country 
increasi n& conflict. We all lalk about repre sion but I think we 
ought to redefine that a little bi t. The government if acting not 
to oppress in a en e of let's get them we don 't like them . 
They' re acting out of fear . Fear of a growing mass movement 
in this country and fear of an ever more powerful physical 
attack upon the government power structure. Repre ion i in 
re ponse to a conflict that has been generated by the great 
problems of this society. The problems that they hal' no desire 
to deal with. War. racism , poverty - those are the things that 
ha ve brought about ma s movement and those are the things 
the government's rea lly reacting to when we call it repression. 
What it really is is fear of change. I think in the next two to five 
years this process of movement, repression, courts, jailings, 
bombings, murd~rs , will con tinue. It· going to e calate. Ir s 
goi ng to grow. We're in pre-revolutionary times. We 're at the 
beginning stages of a real mas conflict in thi s country. Peopl 
should be deciding on whose ide they 're on. People should be 
realizing that sometime they are going to have to make this 
decision. White liberals will run as they always do. They'll join 
the ruling class and try to maintain the sta tus quo. The radicals 
on the other hand will be fighting. They'll be fighting on the 
side of oppressed people in this country and throughout the 
world . And we cannot escape decision time. We can put it off 
for a while but ooner or later we're go ing to have to face up to 
it. 

" An ything ... that IS designed to 
ed ucate a nd c rea te sup po rt fa r 
ou r movement must be done." 

Cps: You are defending a group that is clearly against the 
system. Yet your defense lakes place within the very system 
they' re against. What are your feelings about thi s? 

Lefcourt : You know people often say that, and they hould 
understand what that means. Fidel Castro's trial when he and 
several other people made an attack on the government 
military installations in Cuba was of courSQ a trial within the 
ystem. we don' t have a choice at thi point in time. We cannot 

try the Panther 21 in any other place except in their courts. We 
do not have our own courts. We must use their courts to the 
best of our abilities to defend and to plead those issues that 
have created the trial. It 's nonsen e to say that one i working 
within the ystem or without the sy tern. What people are 
doing is working for change or not working for cha nge. They've 
made a decision. What methods we use doesn 't seem to be 
really important to me. 11 we want to write books and make 
movies to rip of( money from the capitalist system to bused 
to aid andadvanceourcause, thal'sonewaytodoitand there' 
nothing wrong with that. If we have to go into the American 
court where we don ' t expect justice and say that that 's 
another way to do it. 

If we can operate without the courts and without the system. 
that's fine . Anything, any activity that i de igned to educate 
and create upport for our movement must be done. The idea of 
whether we should use the courts or not is really nonsense. 
What do you do when 21 people are in jail who are valuable 
leaders who have $100,000 bails on their heads, who have been 
in jail for a yea r and a half and have to come to trial. Do you 
abandon them? I don ' t think anybody would answer that 
que tion in the affirmative. We have to fight anywhere and 
everywhere, Within or without th system. Jtdoe n't matter. 

CPS : Two jurors of the Chicago 8 tria l in a recent interview 
said that (Judge) Hoffman refused to declare a hung jury and 
sent th m back . As far as the results of that tr ial and th 
curiou circum tance surrounding it. what do you think? Will 
that decision be reversed ? 

L fcourt : Sure it will be reversed. It wa th most successful 
trial we've had In our recent hi story , Thirty pent of th 
population believe that the government was out to gl'l thrm 
and they got a raw dea l It ' s nn important occurrence P pie 
cannot just have a c1o'"'cd- y View oj the courts and say th 
hell with them. We did a lot in that trial. We got a lot 01 upport 
in that trial We proved a lot 01 poi nts in that trial nd w 'rr 
gomg to Win it to boot. That to mc I ' a ucces ful tnal All 
those people that were on trial are out with the exception of 
Bobb Seale who is in jail on another harge We're gOing to 
Will on appeal. That's victory and w hould b proud of it. \ e 
all wer , from Madison to Santa Barbara to Boston We all did 
what we had to do. And that was a SU('(' 55 

CPS . As a lawyer and a movement person, what IS next? 
I.efrourt: What we have to understand with violence is I 

don 't think violence is blOWing up a mathematics bu ild ing 
That' s really not violence. Violence would be defined by us as a 
system which allows children to wake up hungry in three-
quarter of the earth, a system which allows 30 or 40 million 
black people in this country to remain m a lave status alter 
400 year of turmoil . A system that exploits workers , a system 
which operates solely on profits and the r~by eliminates art, 
education, fun , from their definition of what work is If there IS 
no profit in anything It won't be done That system is a violent 
system and that i rea lly the defini tion of violence : A system 
that doesn' t allow for change, that oppres e and represses its 
people : a system which define Ind ividual freedom by how 
much money you have. A system which defines justice by how 
much money you have That is violence. Any attempt to change 
that system should not be considered violent. I think people 
hould under tand that there I go ing to be turmoil in thi 

country. that there is going to be acti vity in which people can 
get hurt but over all they should keep in mmd that the reason 
for the movement. the need of the movement and the n ed lor 
change are primary We mu st neutralize as much as we can. 
our parents and the liberals, and we mu l jOin as ma ny force 
as we can With u to try to comba t the exisling conditions 

CPS: What do you think Isgoing to happen a t the trial ? 

" ... the Panthers have been J. Edgar 
Hoover's number one public enemy 
for three years running." 

Lefcourt: I think it' going to be a iung. rascinating, exciting 
trial. It will involve different kinds of event , different kinds of 
people on trial. every sophisticated government attacks, one in 
which everybody will learn from . rill not a cymc. Whether or 
not we won. the case In the Supreme Court was a victory. 
Should we have won the Panthers would have been free. The 
fact that we lost, everybody in this country thinks about it and 
mo t young people understand exactly what forces were acting 
when the decision wa reached not to con ider the bail. ' 0 
whether through the freedom of your client or the education of 
others, they' re both victories. I think the trial will be one of the 
most important in the nation 's hi tory and I hope it wilt be a 
uccessful in term of education and support as the Chicago 

trial. 

Recreation 
GLIDER - The members are running a ground chool for 
beginners - and lhat is not because they are without wings ... 
the glider has newly repaired wings and are ready for use 
When you see a large sea gull over the ocean ., look twice, it 
is probably the Club ' Glider! 

nOR EBACK RIDI G - A fi lm wa hown at the la t 
meeting to prepare b ginner for the 3 hour trail ride which i 
coming up . There were so many people at the la t meeting that 
we had to plan two rides One - Oct 31 , Sat. and one on Sun. 15 
people on ea h ride . A hot dog barbeque is planned afterward 
so everyone can hare aches and pains! Plans are being made 
for the club to buy a couple of horses to give tudent more 
opportunities to ride Call Sa nd y Rokop Ext. 1260 

KARATE - It i now taking over the world . or mayb Just 
the gym Everywhere you go you see people In white Jackets' 
What kind of institution did thev say we were In? The Club 
meets on aturdays from IO-t2 00 10 "the gym Call Dr Thle s 
X·2434. 

J DO - Call Clark Edson X-In9 II you are Interested In 
meeting with the club , Monda) m~hts I rom 830 " 9 30 P m 
and Friday alternoons I :30 - 3:00 p m 

lIG1-IT BITE GRO P The)(€ f,hyslcally III women meet 
everv Tuesdav and Thursda v 1(01.1 I:l-1 00 at the volleyball 
('ouri next to th pool. The gr~up IS open to WOlllen faculty and 
stall who arc determm d to stay in .:hap (butllrst you have to 
get In shape minor detail ') Excrl'is s, J O~~In~ . Jogg ing and 
lor vanl'ty Ju~ging . 1-'01 a " treat ' they go to the bach for 

Jogg ing Sound like I un ') Call Brth JOSI X 2283 
WATER 'KI Plans arc unde! Wil l tu tradr In thl.' pn'sent 
g{'111 nl a boat (tha t doe 'n' t rlln ) lor a nl' \\1'1 Jnd more able 
boat th t can mJke Ih group lunctlonal and )"pp~ , II (' 
skIIng ) Thl' "blwt . rommllt<'l' I~ pricing boats and hop '. l,\ 
m'ake Irssons and schl'duled tlJ11('S 1m ,)..1 ' I' S alallable ~oon ' 
('nil Tefl 1.ledlhl' 453·8992 or Lr(' X 22K~ 

Triton Times November 6, 1970 Page l S 



FRIDAY, 
November 6 

ART EXHIBITS - UC 0 
Gallery, closed . 

La Jolla Museum of Art , 
"Three from Washington State." 
exhibit con i ting of sculpture 
pieces by Philip McCraken and 
Brian Kazlov. and light works by 
Larry Hanson. 

FiDe Arts Gallery <Balboa 
Park ). 6-8 p.m .. special preview 
of a selection of works by loca l 
artist to go on ale and fo r rent. 
Art Guild Exposition continue 
and contemporary hin e 
painting by Liu Kuo-Sung. 
LECT RES- noon. 1202 BSB. 
Community Medicine Seminar ; 
Robert Aranda. .. utritional 
Sta tus Study of Mexica n-
American Preschool Children: 
Anthropological Considerations." 
and Jerry Cade. .. hildren of 
Appalachia ... 

3 p.m.. Revelle Informal 
Lounge . Philosophy Colloquium; 
Haskell Fain. Florida State 
Univ .. "The Phenomenology of 
Tic Tac Toe." 

4'30 pm .. 2105 Bonner Hall 
pecial Biology Seminar; Dr. 

Fred Fox . " ~ embrane 
BlOgene i " 
MEETI G -I :30 p.m Gym 
Wrestling room. Judo Club 

8 p.m . west balcony of gym. 
Folk Dancing. 25c. 

MOVIE -7 30 p.m 2722 USB 
Friday ite Flicks; "Psycho" 
"Saboteu r" both bv Hitchco k. 
and Bunuel and Dali 's "Un hien 
Andoul. " 50c 

Unicorn, Grove Press Film 
Festival. "The Most Beautiful 
Age" I zechoslovakia I and "The 
Funeral Parade of the Roses" 
fJapln I For more Info ca ll 454-
7373 or 459-4343 

Roxy Theater, " Giant" with 
Liz Taylor and Jam Dean. and 
"The Good Guys and the Bad 
Guvs" SOc For more Info call 488-
3303. 

Cove Theater, "Z" for more 
info call 459-5404 . 
MUSI -Coffee Hut entertain-
ment by Jeff PressIng and his hot 
organ. 9p m 
THEATER-8 pm . Drama Lab . 
Palomar College. " Death of a 
Salesman. "also Saturday night 

8.30 pm . Ipha Om ga 
Player . 1531 Tyler Ave . "The 
Happ Ti me." Thru Nov 21 

8:30 p m .. Mi sion Playhouse. 
" Kingdom of Earth." 8·30p.m . 
Center for th Performing Arts. 
U IU . 350 Ceda r St . "Joe Egg," 
thru Nov 14 

8'30 pm.. CasslU Carter 
Center Stage. "LiUle Murders," 
thru Nov 15. Sunday and 
Thursday at8 pm ' 

8 pm . Little Theater. San 

Di go City College. " Purlie 
Victorious." Friday only .. 

8 p.m .. Appoliad Th ater. Mesa 
College. 7250 Artiller Dr .. "The 
Unknown Soldier and his Wife." 
Saturday also. 
SPORTS- Sports Arena . 8 p.m .. 
Basketball , SD Rocket vs. 
Baltimore. For more info call 
224-4176. 

SATURDAY 
November 7 

ART EXHIBITS-check Friday's 
listings. 
MOVIES- 7:30 and 10 p.m .. USB 
2722, " Take One Student Films." 

Check also Friday's listings. 
PORTS-Varsi ty Water Polo, 
CSO vs. Redlands. there. 
Cr oss Co untry , Aztec 

Invi ta tiona l. all day in Balboa 
Park. 

Soccer, CSD v . Fu llerton. 
there. 

Sports Arena . 8 p.m .. Hockey, 
San Diego Gulls vs. Seattle. For 
more info call 224-4176. 
CLUBS-9 a.m.. in the gym. 
Karate. 9 a m . on court No. I. 
Tennis meet. Noon. at th pool. 
Bicycle Club. I pm . In th 
wrestling room of the gym. Akito. 

6 p m.. Muir OutIng Club IS 
gOIng to Imperial Dam. 

7 pm . Anomaly Factory 
reh arsal Public inVited 
M SIC-FREE OA CE-8 30 
pm -12 '30 a m In the Rev lie 

afe. Music by the Roya l Regals. 
Sponsored by the AS CSD 

COFFEE HUT, ntertainment 
by Jeff Pre sing and his organ. 9 
pm. 

Cafe Ha-A m in th Revelle 
Informal Lounge Food and 
mu IC Op n at 8 p m 

SUNDAY, 
November 8 

IVE RSITY LUT HERA 
CHURCH-IO am: ('ha nce l 
drama . "Old Ymlr 's lav Pot " 
will b the mediu,n for the 
message The drama will b 
presented by slud nts from the 
Lutheran Church al SC Pastor 
John Huber will offi ciat dUring 
the lIturgical portion of th 
service which will Include folk 
hvmns led by gUitarISts 

An ecology field trIp IS planned 
for Torrey Pin s State Park t I 
pm 

For Furth r informatIOn call 
453-0561 or 459-8855. 
MUSI -3 P m and 8 30 p.m . 
Sherwood Hall . The La Jolla 

IVIC Orchestra and Chorus 
Assoc lal1on and UC' D Conc r~ 
Series pr nt Symphony o. 29 
in A by Mozart and Concerto fo r 
Piano in G Minor by Ra vel. and 

Stop Inllation Anti Help Your Brothers 

All Types V N. 
SerYl(e . 

RebUilt [nglles 
s225 up 

RebUilt Tro n~ul s 
'125 up 

/ 

~ 
PUll Pull 

."hlll) 

for Ivery 
Ooy ~topl. 

Every Part 
For Your 

Bug 
NEW and 

USED 

Bird Ro k Putt Putt hop 
South 631 V2 La Jolla Blvd. 

454-0761 

Enigma Variations by Elga r. 
UCSD students free with I D ca rd 

Jazz Ensemble wi ll not meet 
this week. ext meeting -
Sunday. ovember 15 
MEETINGS- IO a.m.. Upper 
Bl a ke Loun ge . Women ' s 
Liberation Front. 
PORTS- II :30 a.m.. rey Hall 

parking lot: Bicycle Club 25 mile 
ride. 

Sport Arena. 8 p.m .. Hockey, 
Sa n Diego Gulls vs Seattle. For 
more info call 224-41 76. 
TV - 9 p . m .. Re p at of 
Wednesday' BBC-produced 
" Ci vilisa ti on" program on 
channel 15. A television set i. 
ava il abl e for viewing this 
program in the Humanities 
Annex . HL Bldg .. Revelle. 

MONDAY, 
November 9 

LECTURES-I p.m .. 307 Vaughn 
Hall. Appl ied Ocean Sciences 
Semi nar : Wi ll ard Ba scom . 
"Tapping ew Resources." 

2.30 p.m" 2A-2301 : API 
minar on th Evolution of the 

olar Syste m. Dr . Custaf 
MrhenIUS." hemica l Properti s 
of the Solar System " 

4 p.m . B 2622 : Chemi trY 
olloqulUm : Dr. John O·Bnen. 

" Molecules. Menta tion . and 
Mutant Gen s " 

4' 15 pm .. Informal Loung . 
Revelle ommons . Robert Vogel. 
from American Fn nds Service 

ommittee. " Peace Prosp cts in 
the Middle East " 
OlSC 10 S-4 P m .. Cluster I 
Library. room 2100. Faculty 
enate Oi cu sion With Cabri I 

Jackson First in a sen of 
Informal afternoon diSCUSSion to 
exam Ine the rol and op rations 
of the faculty gOY rnm nt Those 
Int r sted in partiCipating should 
Sign up in the Cluster I Library 
only 24 student s ra n he 
accommodated . 

7:30 pm .. Blake Confer nee 
Lounge Torah study, sponsored 
bv t he J e wl ~ h Stud nt s 
Associa tlOn 

8 p. m . La Jolla FrIends 
Me ling House. 7380 Eads Av .. 
Robert Vogel. of th America n 
Friends Service Committee. Will 
give an eye witness report of til 
current Mid-East situation 

7 30 pm.. Informal Lounge. 
Revelle Commons . Community 
Interac tion (form rlv Peopl -to-
Peopl I will hay an ori nlatlOn 
meeting featuri ng a pan I with 
Mort Shavaetz from Counseling 
and Psychological Services 
CLUB MEETING -noon courts 
5 & 6. Tennis Club. 

7 30 pm . 2B-21 35. Soaring 
Club. 

8:30 p.m .. wresUing room. Judo 
Club. 
THEATER- San Diego Opera 
presents " La Traviata" Student 
p rformance at 6:30 p.m. For 
more info call 236-6510. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Inf ormati on co nce r nin g 

summer jobs in federal agencies 
is now available in bldg. 250M . 
(in the west wi ng) at the Student 
Employment office. and at the 
Ca reer Educa tion Planning 
Center f in the east wing I. 

Opportunities are limited. 
APPLY EARLY to r ceive 
maximum consideration. The 
deadline by which to apply for th 
fi rst exa m is December 4. 

EFFECTIVE 
IMMEDI ATE LY. ALL 
A NO NCEMENTS PLACED 
o TH E B LLETI BOARDS 
AROUN D CAMPUS TH AT DO 
NOT I CLUDE TH E DATE OF 
THEIR POSTI NG WI LL BE 
RE MOVED . A Y 
A OU EMENT OF A 
PERSO AL NAT RE SHOULD 
BE PROMI E TLY DATED. 
A:'ID WILL BE ALLOWED TO 
REMA I, POSTED FOR TWO 
WEEKS. 

THIS I BEl G DO E TO 
I NCREASE THE 
EFFECTIVENESS OF THE 
B LLETIN BOARDS ARO ND 
CAMP S. 

SPECIAL PRICES 
FOR ALL STUDENTS 

Yea r Arou nd 
Color & B/ W 
by appointment 
eves . included 

DOLLIMOHE 
PHOTOG HAPIIY 

458 FIRST STREET 
Encinitas 

Phone 753·2270 
()/(IJf: /( \011 f O/( 
(ll/(/HIII.~ & (, /( 1/) 

DIVERS 
LOOKING FOR BARGAINS IN 

DIVING EQUIPMENT? 
CHECK THESE PRICES! 

- $107 72 cubic ft . K valve tank and boot just $58 
$95 v.." nylon lined U.S. Divers wetsuit $49.95 

$60 U.S. Divers Regulator $39.95 
lifet ime guo r!Jntee 

$21 Arbalete U.S. Divers speargun $13.95 
All tank sales include 1 year free air 

$1.35 snorkel only $.79 

NEWENGLANDDIVERS, INC. 
3860 ROSECRANS ST. SAN DIEGO, CA. 92118 

298.0531 Aero .. from Whit. Front 

THIS AD WORTH ONE DECAL PER CUSTOMER 

Page 16 Triton Times November 6, 1970 

:.:.:.:-:-:.:.:.:.:-:::.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 

CLASS I FI EDS 
For Sale 

'66 Ford Van , Good Condition, 
Contact Dan Robison, Room 
#406, Beagle Hall. 

1970 VW Bus 
Sunroof, Radio, Heater. Ex-
cellent condition $3,000. Call 
Don or Steve at 453·8446. 

' 65 Honda 250 " Dream" pig 
$200. John at ext. 2781. 

' 55 DeSoto Station Wagon $150. 
John at ext. 2781 

PairV.W. Chrome wide (4BOH) 
with goodyear F70-15 used one 
month . No defects . New $140 
now $70. 755·6281 

COSMETICS. For 9-25c Sam-
ples of Ra nda l non-allergic 
Cosmetics, (made from fru its, 
herbs, ferns, flowers, etc. and 
no ha rmfu l chemica ls) send 
on ly 1.00 to Randall Cosmetics 
P.O. Box 2019, la Jolla , Calif. 
State of skin is dry, normal, or 
combinat ion . 

Wanted 
WANTED : Acolytes 

Priest and Priestess tra inees, 
beauti fu l young m en and 
women to serve as aco lytes in 
Temple of the Heart at the 
UCSD Art Ga llery from Nov. 11 -
Dec. 1. No Previous Experience 
necessary . Call X 1998 for more 
info . 

The food Co-op needs a desk. 
755-3863 or call Fred 755-8223 or 
X 2641. 

CLASS IF IE D ADS 

FOUR LI NES 
NE DAY 

EIGHT LINES 
NE DAY 

o SPACES PER LIN E 

$1.00 

$2.00 

$1.00 ADS ACCEPTED CASH 
IN ADVANCE ONLY. MIN $2 
IF WE MUST Bill. 

Services 

Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8818. 

PROFESSIONAL TYPING - Fast 
service reasoaable rates satis-
faction guaranteed medical and 
technical typing our specialty. Call 
277-2361 after 5:00 p.m. 460-0543 

Typing .. . Ex perien ed lypiSI" .le rm 
pa pers, Ihesis. Eleclric lyPf'wriler . 
Will do rush job . 4.53-6835. 

Typing- I BM- Resonable 
rates- Call 488·3188. 

DISTINTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8888 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TIRED? 
Try James Automotive Service 
American and Foreign Cars 
Repairs and Polution control. 

Student Discount 
7748 Herschella Jolla 

(in the rea r ) 
459-9181 

Personals 
Terrif ic watchdog-companion 
needs loving home with room to 
run. Beautiful 2 yea r old Ger· 
man shepard. Gent le disposi· 
tion. Ca ll 453-1704. 

Job Opportunities 
The Communications Board is badly 
in need 01 a secretary. If you a re 
looking lor a iob, have secretar ial 
skill s, and have quali lied lor' Work 
Study, contact the Work Study Off ice 
(ex . 1963) lor a relerral. Hou rs 
arranged. 

RUG~ OF Rll ~IZES 
'IX' +'5. 

\\\~\\~ \\\Q~\" C'Q\~~\~ 
AND REPRODUCTIONS 

Calif. 459·7474 

things & things 
ant iquated and otherw is e 

1231 pro spe ct s treet la jolla 
454 -1000 


