
· 

The Unpretentious Man 
In Tennis Shoes 

Acting Chancellor Herbert York is 49 today. Today is hi s 
birthday. To some. notably tho e he aids in Mexico. h is" EI 
Polvoro o"-the du ty one. It is al 0 the name painted in big 
fancy letters on the side of his Chevy ca rry-a ll by artists in 
Ti juaQa. To some on campus he i the unpretentious 
chancellor who sometimes wears tennis shoes with a suit. But 
mostly. he is becoming known for hi s sens of humor. Diddo 
Clark reports. 

According to Rachel York , a Muir senior and the 
chancellor's daughter, her father " has a marvelous sense of 
humor. One evening. he and Professor Arnold were watching 
the sun set. Dr. Arnold then explained the green flash that 
people sometimes see just as the sun di appears. Dr. York 
listened attentively before he told Dr. Arnold he is color 
blind ... 

A chancellor really needs a sense of humor," said Don 
Bright, a Muir senior. " Last month when Dr. Hannes Alfven 
won the Nobel Prize in Physics, the awarding committee in 
Sweden called the chancellor 'S house at 5 am, after they had 
called Dr. Alfven and asked, " Is Dr. McGill in?" 

" was about 10 years old , she pi ked up th receiver, and 
imm diatelyon of the Pentagon's 24-hour 1101 Line watchers 
answer d and a k d Rach I what number she was calling 

Dr. Arnold , says York " is a back-country type " Rach I 
York sa id h is a m mber of the SIerra Club and IS op n to 
natural beauty. " Only he is afraid of heights- so h do sn't 
look down wh n h climbs." sh said . 

Dr. York ha s worked to improve ience education In M XICO 
and in several countries in South Am rica. sa Id MI SS York Or 
York 's godchild , a Iittl Mexican boy. is oft n n runntng 
around niversity Hou se, bing licked by the family dogs, 
reports Diddo lark . 

Dr. and Mrs. York do a lot of running, sa id Mi s York "They 
u ually leav the hou around th time th sun come up " 
La t Sunday at dawn. Dr. York put on his orange sweat shirt, 
and he and Mrs. York went on a 34-mile bicycle ride 

Dr. York received his PhD in Physics from Berkel y. Later. 
when he was 30, he became th first director of the Livermore 
Radiation Laboratory. Eisenhower appoint d him to the 
President's Science Advisory ommittee when York was 35. 
The following year. he became chief scientist at th Pentagon. 
York was 39 when Eisenhower retired . 

He later served a Secretary of Defen e for about a week in 
Kennedy's cabinet until McNamara took the oath of office. 

Soon after that. Dr. York was appointed Chancellor of UC D. 

York, somewhat confused, said , " He is at Columbia ," and 
hung up. Thus, York didn ' t find out about the Nobel Prize until 
later in the day. 

" Dr. York is tickled when people recognize him," says 
Rachel York. 

Last spring when Congressman Utt died , York was asked to 
fill out the remainder of the term and then run himself. " He 
declined ," said Avis Johnson, York's housekeeper . 

When the -Yorks lived in Washington D.C. according to 
Rachel York , there was a Hot line to the War Room in Dr. 
York 's bedroom. Rachel York was playing in there when she 

IMPORTANT 
The TRITO TIME be orne a dail y new paper 

begi nning and ending tomorrow. Due to the Thank giv-
ing Holida y, we ar printing tomorrow rather than 
Friday. Enjoy yo ur holida y - TRITON TIME TAFF. "Sometimes he sees himself as a mini-micro-celebrity," she said. 

IF IT'S NOT IN 
THE DAilY TRITON 
IT DIDN'T HAPPEN the daily triton 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ 
~ ~ 
~ ~ 

~ ~ 
~ ~ 
~ ~ 

~ FINAL ~ 
~ ~ 
~ ~ 

~ ~ 
~ ~ 

la jolla's largest daily 
Volume 11 , Number 17 University of California, San Diego 

----------------------------------------------~---
'Y ou cannot stipulate a criterion 
for happiness now' - Marcuse 

Juliana Cinque 
Staff Writer 

2500 years ago an elderly Socrates lectured in 
the streets, market place. and gymna ium. to 
the young men of Athens. Five da ys ago. Dr. 
Herbert Marcuse, seated in one of the few 
couches of the Blake informal lounge, poke to 
300 UC 0 student , who listened at hi s feet, 
with an inten ity that only rarely pervades the 
classroom. 

In a ociety acutely conscious of its 

Later in the evening he was asked, '· Dr. 
Marcuse, you have been speaking of a free 
society's self-determination. You speak of a 
repre sive ociety. forcing humanity down the 
throats of those who don't want it. " It was a 
difficult question , and people waited attentively 
for hi s answer. " I am speaking of human . not 
dogs. With tho e who don 't want to be human. I 
have no communication." 

To the next question. " Define human bei ngs, " 
Marcu e answered. " I think there are orne 
things that should remain undefined." There 
was general laughter. 

~ ~ 
~ ~ 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~ ~~~~~~~~~~~ ~ . 

Tue sday, November~ , 19'J1O 

in tability, such as fifth century B. . Athen , a 
popular teacher such as Socrates, who e view 
did not fa ll in the mainstream of opinion, was 
viewed with suspicion by the political leader of 
the time. While no hemlock await Marcu e as 
yet, people outside the University have been 
concerned about hi influence in corrupting the 
youth . 

The formal topic of discussion was Dr. 

Marcuse was then asked , " Idealistically. how 
can one reduce the world 's population?" " In 
India , in ce rtain state ," Marcuse began slowly. 
" sterilization is available. Those who volunteer 
get a free TV. There was appreciative laughter. 
.. I would like to hear omething from the girls, 
on thi s." Laughter again. but no immediate 
feminine respon e was forthcoming. 

Dr. Herben Marcuse 
Marcus 's book, An Essay on Liberation , but 
the questions asked of him strayed widely from 
this subject. 

Assuming that the goal of the free society 
spoken about in the Essay on Li6eration, was 
happiness, one of the earlier questions of the 
evening concerned how happines would be 
attained. " You must a ume an objective 
cri terion for happine s, " Marcuse replied . 
"Society mu t ha ve the right to restrict or deny 
that which is demonstrably detrimental to the 
other p ople or person in question. You cannot 
stipUlate a criteria for happiness now. It is a 
contrad iction. One cannot fore e how people 
would construct a free ociety." 

Need For Privacy 
Returning to the main topic 0 discussion , 

Marcuse spoke of the " need for privacy- the 
need to be with a few se lect individual , not just 
for five hour . but for five da ys." This. he feel 
is repres ed , " for if people really started 
thinking and feeli ng. it would be dangerou to 
ociety." 
The room had become close and stuffy, since 

for some time, the door of th crowded room 
had been closed to prevent interference from 
external noi e. Yet despite the ri ing 
temperature, the audience remained attenti ve. 

A question wa s put to him about 
consciousnes and impul es. "One of th 
primary instincts is the erotic in tinct ," he 
began, " the erotic instinct contains in itself a 
barrier aga inst repre ion. The other primary 
in tinct is aggression , which mu t b channeled 
constructi vely. " 

Marcuse in Favor of Law and Order? 
On of the p opl in the back of the room 

asked , " ould you giv us a few words on law 
and ord r?" " I am a hund r d p r c nt in favor 
of law and order ," h sa id definitively. There 
wa applause. " It d pend' on what law and 
ord r." Laughter. n of th questions that 
interested Dr. Marcu most wa " "What i th 
rol of the artistin a r volution'?" 

Thi s question ha. occupi d me con. iderably 
for th last year. Th notIOn or living rt and 
living th ater i ' a contradiction in its If mong 
th xampl 0 1 artists h cit d was Gu. tave 
Courb t. a paint{'r dUring the French 
Kevolution " RevolutIOn manlf sIs its II only in 
th d{'vplopment 01 arL ('ourb{'t could shIm ' hIS 
unerring faith III the pOSSIble b tlerm nt 01 the 
world . by th light h ' shed on th canvas." 

( ontinu d on page 2) 

Regent's Wrap-Up 

Regents' Vote Favort- Hitch 
Molly Selvin 
Staff Writer 

The Regent end d their monthly m eling in 
Los Angeles. Friday. with an unofficial vote of 
confidence for . President harl s Hit h. The 
vote came toward the end of th two day 
meeting and erved to dispel per i t nl rumor 
that the Reg nts were searching for a way to 
oust th C Pre ident. 

The vote ca rne as a resu!l of con rvative 
R gent Hl'ar r nomination of another 
cons rvalive regent. Glen ampb II. as the C 
Board of R g nts' repre ntativ to the 
Januar meeting of the oordinating ouneil of 
Higher Education ampb II had b n the past 
repre ntaliv to th ouncil. with Pr id nt 
Hitch as hi s alt rnate . but a chang of poli y 
conc rning r presenta tives by the ouncil. had 
cau ed th R gent to form a nominating 
eommitt to eareh for a n w r pre ntative 
under the new policl s. Thl. ommitt e had not 
found a suitabl repr s ntatl\'e by th tim the 
Regent s mel. and :0 a t mporary 
repre: ntativ' had to be el ('t d If the Reg nts 
were to have r pres ntation at the 'outlcll ', 
Januarv meetlll 

Mrs ' II arst nOllllf1at dReg nt Campbell to 
r pr sent the Board untIl thp July m tlllg 01 
th Keg nt . al whIch tllll 11(' 11.'11 ' Ihl.' 
nonllnallng ('omrnltt 'e would Ihl\(' lound a 
SU Itable :u (. s.-or Thl~ mov(' 'hI S ta\..cn on th ' 
part 01 many as a last all 'll1pt Inr po\H'1 h~ tit, 
111\11(' ('on: rvatlH' I '1l11'nt 01 til(' Board 

Liberal Replal't' ons rva th ' 
Th n xl m tin , tn January , \\111 seth 

replacement of two rath r con ervative 
Regent . Max Rafferty. uperintendant of 
Public In truction. and Rob rl Monagan. 
p aker of th tate A embly. Th y will be 

repla ed with th more lib ral Wil on Rile . 
n w up rintendant of Pub. In truction. and th 
new peaker of the Assembly. TheIr addition 
would llIake it virtually impo ible for th 
con er ative to get a repre ntatlve of th ir 
choice for the ouncil 

After som di cu ion as to th implica tion of 
the n w policie. for repre entation. Regent 
lIeller. a more moderate Regent. nomtnat d 
Pre id nt lIitch to repr nt the Bard at onl 
th January meeting ' he felt that when the 
Board meets agatn In January. the nomInating 
ommitlee will have mN and found a ' uitable 

repre ntaliv Mr Heller felt that si nce Hitch 
wa ' lh high Ie eeu ti\ offIcer of the Board 
and th niver ' ity. he h,)uld repre 'enllltn th 
ab nee of a formal rep,'e ntatlve The 11-10 
vot for IIlleh. thu e am a vote of 
::onflden e. WIth Go\' Reagan and Lt Go>,: Ed 
Reil1 eke, m n Olll r~ nl'"1> l''lUI I fm 

More Action 
In oth r a lIon dUring th Ir t\\o .. d.lY meettng. 

th R('gent~ 
Got th Ir Ilrst loo\.. at u tt'n year plan lor Ihl' 

heal th :el 11('(': at l'C. whIch would doubll' tit . 
numb 'r 01 do('\(lrs '<lII('at<'d III Ih' l'lmt'rsll\ . 
Il1edl('al'('hools . 

Postpol1pd am UI'Lton on tilt' 'illd 'IInl' lor the 
(ampus stud 'nl n ' \\ spap I' untIl till' JanU'\Iv 
mepttn . (continu d 0 P g 2) 



Sedrch Committee 
Resolution Passed 

Marcuse •••• 
(continued from page 1) 

Marcuse was asked. " Whi 'h coun try do you 
think is closest to a perfec t society?" Marcuse 
sta ted that there was nonc as yet. but the 
reports he had heard about China. with its 
prevention of hunger and almost self· sufficient 
communes, indicated to him that China was 
well on the way. 

Carl Neiburger 
Associate City Editor 

The resul ts of the mail-ballot resolution supporting th Chancellor Sear~h 
Committee and a report on the meeting of the tatewide Academl~ A sembly wil l 
be the opening reports at this afternoon's meeting of the San Diego Div i Ion of 
the Academic Senat . The questioner then asked, "Do you believe 

like Socrates, that communes can grow too 
large? " ot urprisingly. Marcuse agreed with 
the great philosopher. 

Chairman Gabriel Jackson told the Triton Times that he eKpects hi report to 
the Senate to outline niversity problem of capital cost funding . a faculty code 
of re pon ibility. and the questions of increased teaChing lo~d for faculty 
members and the quality of undergraduate teaching which were diSCUS ed at the 
Academic A 'sembly meeting early last week . REGENTS ... 

He will also report the passagt: 01 the resolution which wa s put to a mall ballot (continuel\.·from page 1) 
at the last enate meeting by a vote of l7l to 92 with 3 ab tenlions. The r solutIOn 
was the subject of controversy: it centered around speculatIOn In the pre s that Tabled a motion to have the President oC the 
the regular procedures for choosing a chancellor. which included approval of the University appoint directors of multi-campus 
selection bv the search committee of six professors, three students, and. two re arch units: appointments which the 
repre entatives from other univer ity campuses. were bing bypa. sed b~' the Regent · now have the power to make. Regent 
Regents. . Dutton led the baltle to give thl power to Hitch, 

The argument in favor of the re olutlOn presented With the mall ballot stated and labeled the move to retain this power by the 
that the "overriding reason for supporting" it was to tell the PreSident of the Regent a "just another power grab by this 
Umver ity and the Regents that "this faculty fully backs the adopted procedure board ." After a long discussion on both 
for selecting a Chancellor" Thursday and Friday, the motion was tabled by 

The contra-argument called the re olution "counter-productive. " untimel ,\', liberals fearing a conservati\'e majority, 
improper. and ubjectto serious misconstruction by the Regents. It stated that retaining thiS power by and for the Regents. 
"the resolution is meant to imply the censure 01 tho e Senate members who, in Failed to agree on a proposal by Presidpnt 
full observance of enate and Regental rules.conferred with Regents about the Hitch that would channel money raL ed by 

tuilion fees into construction of new classroom Chancellorship," and this censorship "a violation of due process." 
Jackson, who favored the resolution "ailed the two-to-one vote "a ,olld and other campus buildings in the future . 

majority, but on the other hand . the Senate t earch I committee It ell would ha\e Are moving ahead wllh a 350.000 program to 
been happier with a larger proportion" He not!'d the the vote wa' proportIOnate help In the Isla Vista Commumty near ur Santa 
to votes relating to the reo olutlOns at the Senate meeting when it wa proposed, Rarbara. \bout 50,000 will be spent on a 
mdlCating that, in this case the vote at the Senate meeting was representative of pi a n nI ng stud ~ to a na I \,ze hou SI ng, 
the feellllgs 01 Ihe Senate as a whole tran.-portation, muniCipal ser\lces, and other 
,.iiiii.Iii •••• iiiiii ... ~~IIIII~.~~~.19CM:x::ICIOi problrm areas of Isla Vista 
• The stud" Will be carned out jointly hy the 

R E B E L H I L'nlv('f 'it,,: Santa Barbara Cqunt\' and the [sla Vista Conimunity. The rest 01 till' 'monrj will go tor othl'l program. In thc ("ommunity. Induding ar sand Icrtule , drug prc\ entlOn programs, ('Onlinulllt\ lia.'oll work, and r '(Teall!)n York is pl<tnning The regcnts did agree to reserve The Look· anothcr ,250000 in next years budget In ('ase II 
• 49 I: needed. After quill' a bit of dlscus,ion. mainly CALCUL a"ING IJ~ Regent :\ortonlmon, the Regents voted to H. support the lormatlOn ot a new city ot IrVine. 

The Slacks: The \ole \la. 18-2. With Regents Simon and Dutton dissentmg :ln1nn. who had be!'n lighting 
the plan tor months. Friday tried to persuade 

P09l2 Triton Tim .. 

REBEL 
SHOP 

PLAZA CAMINO REAL 
CARLSBAD 

I MeTrO Tilkel Agoncy) 
FASHION VALLEY 

Novlmber)4, l910 

Today 
the Regents ttl opposr a new city 01 Irvm(' at 
lea. t until eXll'nsm~ studies c'ould be completed 
That suggestion wa~ also defl'ated Simon 
howc\'l'r. did get another $25.000 lor an 
indcpendant study of the new city' plan . which ~::ICIO=<:.c will heJp to slow Ihe whol(' project 

ROLLER SKATING IS FUN!!! 

~ HOURS 730 10 Tue·Sot 1 30 4 Sol Mol. 200 8 Sundoy Group Rol., Privote PartIes TRI-CITY ROLLER RINK 
212 S. CEDROS - SOLANA BEACH-75S,4158 
r=~ ------ - - ~ ~ - ~=-:~ I ~. ~ from busJneu cords '0 brochures 

P r i n tin g xm.:;:':;:~"::" ... ! r I ~ Schramm Silliness Services ~ ~ 617 Purl St. La Jolla 4S9-4944 
OPERA TlON SURVIVAL 

That "Missing Chapter" In Your History Books 
The March of Power is fashioning a totally new way 01 

hie lor the vehicle of . If-anlllhilation) for the cItizen of 
J',orth America. 

The recognition of the ineVitable impact on our SOCial 
conomv resulting from technological change had its 

begmning back in 1918-19, when a group of America's top 
dentists. Technologists and Engineers ICharle 

Steinmetz, the "Electrical Wizzard" , Howard Scott. 
Electrical Engineer, Forest Veblin. noted Economist, 
and a dozen other Technologists of similar calibre ) mad 
an En rgy Survey of the No rth Amencan Continent. 
Purpose . To dctermme the atural Energy R sources 01 
Continental orth America-·Coal. Timber. Mineral 
DepOSits. 011. Water for Power. tc . 

In th ear ly 1920' th se dozen leading Scienti sts I then 
known as The Technical Alliance later as Tcchnocra('y) 
predided the Wall Street Market ('rash of 1929-30. based 
upon Amenca 's conversIOn ot :"Jatural Resources, and 
tit, impact of rnounting m~talled technology on our SOCial 
e('onomy 

ThiS prediction and warning was ridicul 'd and laugh 'd 
at b\' America's prominent Banker . PolitiCians and 
Industria Ii. ts IJust as the pi ('dieted demise of our 
present Economy i' being poo-poo'd today) . 

When the now-Ill storlt' Markl't ('rd~h hit. in 1!129-30 
I right on srhl'dule as pr('dlcted) -many 01 thoM' same 
laughmg- Hankrrs PolitiCians and Industnnhsts jump xl 
Irom thl'lr penthouses, In a wa"" 01 mass SUicide, rath!'r 
than lace the cltangl's being IlIl'ted on th Am IIcan 
'i('('nl' bv acJvnnclng 1l'l"hnology 

But 1111' a(·('ur<Jtl'l:. prpdl('[l'd 19:1U \1(ll'kct ('rash \\as 
on ly T(,('hnr)(,rac~'s "OPCIl('I'.-". Beforr making any long 
[('rin 111\' 'stnH'nts read the next issu 01 OI'ERATlO. ' 
~l'R\-,I\-,.\L P () Box 20Ul La Jolla , ('a 920~7 

Contraception 

HEARING MAY REVERSE CHICAGO SEVEN VERDICT 
Sex Role Explained 

A hearing now under way could lead to a reversa l of the 
guilty verdict in the Chicago Seven Con ni racy trial. Judge 
Julius Iloffman has been ordered by the US Court of Appeals to 
hold a hearing to determine the content and circumsta nces of 
alleged me 'sages between the jury. judge , and U.S. Marshalls 
during the jury's deliberations. Ten of the 12 jurors testified 
Thursday and Friday. The other two, and the U.S. Ma rshalls 
will testify when th hearing resumes on Monday Eight of 
those who te tified indica ted that when the jury was una ble to 
reach a verdict. they were told by Judge Hoffman, through a 
U.S. Marshall . to continue deliberating. Eight jurors also aid 
that when the jury requested a copy of the trial transcript of 
the judge, their request was denied in oral communication 
again through a Illar hall. 

Defense lawyers argue that the defense was not informed of 
these communications during the deliberations, and that 
" private communication between judge and jury are entirely 
improper, and give rise to a presumption of prejudice. "The 
defense contends that the jury Instructions given were unfair 
pressure on the jury to reach a verdict. 

According to the Los Angeles Times, discussions in legal 
circles in hicago center around the possibilty lhat the Court of 
Appeals may wish to reverse the verdict on a technical ground, 
such as communications betweE'n jlldge and jury. rather than 
deal with more difficult legal and constitutional questions 
concerning the conviction. 

AN JO E VIOLE CE TO BE PROBED 
The Santa Clara County grand jury. saying it had evidence 

' indicating that fclonie were committed." plans to launch an 
Investigation of the violent demonstrations dUring Pre sId nt 
;\iixon' visit on October 29 This comment was made 111 
announcing a full-scale probe of the mCldenc(' aUer a 
preelection rally In Munlclpal,\ud. for George :\lurphy Grand 
jury foreman Ernest Renzel said that eviden~e has b ·en 

by Jennie Warmer 
and Barry Cooper 

Male contraception may be 
"'~'nn"pnllpnl sometimes bu t it 

more inconvenient for a 
n to be pregnant for nine 

, a lecturer on male 
tion said Tuesday at 

Diego State. 
aking to abou t 100 
ts. in Montezuma Hall. 

Kessler . as s is tant 
1)J'()feiiSOr of health and safety. 

ssed four methods of 
widely used by 

first contraceptive 
is abstinence, but we 
dismis s that 
ImlmE~dia le l y," she said. 

second met hod 
to Mrs, Kessler is 

reservatus, in which the 
abstains from ejaculation 

intercourse. She said 
of contraception is 

. ,n .n"rn""nn today: the only 
mple being a now defunct 

Coast commune wh ich 
this method for 

presented, Indicatlllg that [domes were comnlltted, "illS also man is coitus 
the oplllion O[ the jury that better planmng and forE'sight on the more commonly 
part of respon~ible authorilies could have avoided Ihe' bulk of n as withdrawal." she 
property damage, and that morl' manpo\\'el eould have " Man has been using thi 
resulted in beller crowd control" Renzel continued hod ever since he began to 

Pollee Chief Ra\ Blackmore said alter the rallv that lack of ize the relation between 
manpower fOI'('ed' him to withdraw hi' m n for a line around and pregnancy." 
the entire block hOUSing the auditorium: to a small ar('a around Ke sler condemned thi 
the building, allowmg the crowd of up to :!,OOO to swarm Within as bemg ri ky for four 
vards of the door bv which ;'>Ilxon moved to hiS car reasons, 
. Some :"ixon ('ri'tlc' charged Iha t Republicans pl('ked San he first reason she gave was 
,Jo:e for a rail;' and encouraged demonstratinns to dramatize great possibliity that sperm 
the law and ordel' issue Others have charg d that 'ixon present in the male semen. 
personall~' provoked dnd aggrava led the crowd with his famous male does not have to 
\-slgnforpohtlcalpurposc' te for sperm to be 

MIS WORLD V . WOME~' LIB. nt 
Women" liberation demostrators. hurling smoke bomb. and Secondly , ejacula lion 

stink bomb. Interrupted the finals of th 1970 :\lis. Vvorld in tages. Many times, 
contest Friday night. and temporarily drove comedian Bob . rl'tlrrl'· to Mrs. Kessler, 
lIope 011 stage. When l/opC' returned a fe\\ minutes later. aUer have a preejaculation 
demoslrators had bren hustlcd out 01 the Ibert Hall m the major ejaculation 
London he was Visibly disturbed He said people who would tthey are not aware of. 
disrupt the beauty pagent "have got to be on some kmd of " Man has enormous 
dope." He then turned away Irom the microphone and asked ficulty determing when 
. Who are these bastards~ " thdrawal should take place." 

The young men and women who were escorted outside b gan said. 
their disruptIOn by standing up and shaking rattles. Shortly leads to the third 
they began to chant. "Women's liberation," and raised signs of man' s inabil ity to 
which were described as "obscene." Outsid . other marchers 
carried sign'. Even MISS Sweden, Maj Christa l Johansson, 
expressed liberatlOnist statements to newsmen. but retracted "When males reach a certain 
them after talking to pageant organizers. She had told ·nt. they have no control over 
reporters. ,, ] feel justlikc a puppet. I don't even want to win. If actions a few seconds 
I were not under contract to the organizer. I would walk out at and during ejaculation." 
once." Miss Sweden was a 7-1 favorite to win, but placed S. Ke sler sa id. 
fourth 'Che winner was MISS Hosten from the Westlndie . The fourth ri sk is the 

STEVENSON REMOVE FLAG FROM LAPEL sibi li ty of the mal e 
S n Adlai E Stevenson III to-ill.) said Wedn sday h had lating clo e enough to the 

taken the flag out 01 hi s lapel because he intends to how my 'nal opening so that sperm 
patriotism .. through hard work in the Senate." The flag pin deposited there . 
had appeared midway through hi s campaign against Besides the danger of 
Republican Senator Ralph T. Smith, Stevenson aid he began ncy, there are a lso 
wearing the pin after he saw a billboard picturing a flag and Ii ties of psychological 
the words, " Back it, don 't buck it. Vote Republican." The ngers for the female and the 
billboard seemed to imply ·' that to be patriotic you had to vote Ie. 
Republican," Stevcnson daid . " It made me mad ," lie added ' "The method can produce 
"The campaign is over. The billboard is down , I presume. So I psychological harm in the 
have taken my flag down," Stevenson took a con istently anti- because the woman is 
Admisi tration line during the campaign. her partner will not 

ENGLI H DECRY TP.A PLANT TOY in time," she said . 
"Revolting" and "obscene" are the reactions accompanying anxiety with this 

the latest children. horror toys in Britain this Christmas is a gross bummer 
season . It bega n with the di covery of the human transplant mply because it doesn 't give 
game complete with es ntial pare body parts. The box top female" time to gain 
invites youngst rs to "trade ·em. coiled 'em, transplant ·em." . tisfllction 
For barely nine ('cnt a kit. kiddies can have plastiC replicas of 
hart . eye, tongues. lips, lungs, fingers and feet. Thumbs, 
ears, noses, livers and te tho also are available. 

" Ilows that for a cozy little collection to hang with the tinsel 
on the tree?" questions onc London newspap r. And to mak 
the gam!.' more interesting and rea Iistic. toy manulactur r~ 
('overed the I imbs and organs with mock streams of blood. 

WIDELY USED 
of 
of 

The game is called Pieces of Body . A spok sman (or the toy to 1965 and the 
manufacturers said the kIts (,Ol11e from Hong Kong II I' . veloom,pnt of the pill . this 
descrlbl'd the toy a. a " filthy piee'pof work " lIong Kong trade most widely used 
and government olfl(,lals have elth r delliI'd th allegation. or ical device for birth 
sa id they hav!.' no knowledge 01 any su{'h Imports II1tO Bntmn. ." Mrs, Kes IeI' said. 
The government says It has no pow r to Withdraw the se of the condom dates back 
transplant gamc Jrol1l the rn rket. desplt > the objectIOns of J 1564 when it was invented by 

rms 'rvallve membN oj Parlaim 'nL Anoth r toy gr cted Ih is Italian physician named 
~e,tSlHl With horror. IS a pregnant d II With a Zip-out stoma h lopio. It wa originally 
from which a baby ('an be withdrawn of thin sheepskin or 

"The major problem with the 
use of condoms today is the 
male's inability to properly use 
them and people's attitudes 
towards their use." she sa id , 
PSYCHOLOGICAL CONFLICT 

In the United States there is a 
misconception that condoms 
are used only a a protective 
measure against ve nereal 
disease, according to Mrs. 
Ke ss ler . Thi s c r ea te s 
psychological conflict because 
they are orten thought of an 
unnatural. 

"Since the condom must be 
put on before any sexual play, 
wo men of te n beco m e 
psychologically turned off. " 
she said. 

Mrs. Kessler explained that 
there is no difference in 
sensa tion when a male is or i 
not wearing a condom. It is all 
psychological. 

" It is the inexperienced 
males who complain most 
about the use of a condom." 
she said, "but it is up to the 
male to take the responsibility 
for providing pre marital 
contraception.' , 

Condoms are available in any 
drugstore, she said. and it is 
important if males are going to 
purchase them that they know 
how to properly use them . 

She emphasized the selection 
of a good brand a being 
important and that it should be 
properly put on . She sa id a 
condom should be rolled on and 
not slipped on, 

"Condums, If u ed properly . 
are 100 per cent reliable." she 
said. " [n addition, the woman' 
use of vaginal foam increa e 
the reliability that pregnancy 
will not occur." 

Th e four method of 

th e pro cess o f ma le 
steriliza tion ca lled vasectomy. 
This is process where the tubes 
to the seminal vessels are 
severed and cauterized so that 
sperm ejaculation ca nnot take 
place. 

Va sec t om ies are 
irreversa ble and should not be 
considered as a method of 
contraception, 

Mrs. Kessler does not see a 
bright Cuture for contraceptive 
research. 

" Th e F ed era l Dru g 
Ad mi ni stra lion resea rc h 
restrictions for contraceptives 
a re very strict", she said. 
" Thi s i s d ue t o t he 
Congressional investiga tions 
last year." 
RESTRICTED RESEARCH 

She sa id the restrictions 
make it so expensive that 
research is almost impossible. 

" It costs three to four mil lion 
dollars to do one stud y on one 
chemical," Mrs. Ke sler said. 

She did not ee any male 
co n t r ace p tive in the 
foreseea ble future, 

"Males are less susceptive to 
the idea of lessening their 
fertility ," she said . 
"Therefore, no research firm 
will spend the money to 
develop a male contraceptive." 

contraception, Mrs. Kessler '\"j~IJ~I~~~~~~ 
said. are a reliable as the 
people who u e them, 
MALE TERILIZATIO 

Mrs. Ke sler then discus ed 

It ~ """'e Ih!nts WOfJl lOf ,au 
If'thll l Itlnd of book 

Rlld)'Out' B,bIe You It see 
If 1OUdonl hroe. B.bltot)'OUt' own. 
... IIMnd yoIoIonefOl'.dOIliIf 
HMd cover ~nd everylM'C 
Jull one s.noulCJ dO II 

The B·ble 'sa 1Gn11r~ 

__ • __ c-

"0 ... 11,.. ___ 
_",,-__ Ial 

... , ........... __ -

----... 

~ 1UWI\oIII1tMowI~ --. ___ 11" 1'10 '" ~.Ih~ 

•••••••••••••••••••••• 

Nr. w- ,," I N(1l k _ . .. ..w ............ """ • __ 
.", ...... ",,-, ............ 11 ..... ,... . .. ""'--"r. 

.... _ ... .. ........ N •• ..., .......... ,., .......... 'J 
", .. -.1 .. 1 ... ... 

Writing '#Clinic Focuses on the Individual 
Robert Miller 
Staff Writer 

A clini ' for students having diCficulty in 
writing has recently been fo rmed , According to 
Suza nne Jacobs, its supervi or. the clinic was 
se t up in response to the var iety of writing 
problems encountered by tudents. 

The Wri ti ng Clinic plans to cope with the 
tudenl's individual wri ting difficu lties. For 

instance, it might serve to help a student learn 
the mechanics of wri ling course paper ', 
according to Jacobs. 

" Learning to write is very much an individual 
thing. It·s not a problem of a general nature. so 
we can't set up a general procedure," said 
Jacobs. 

The program is designed to attack areas of 
writ ing wea kness resulting from the 
background of the ind ividual student! According 
to Jacobs, most of the work is done with foreign 
students and entering freshman, each group 
having its own particular set of problems. 

" We first diagnose the ind ividual's problem 
and then we find a way to successfully deal with 
it. We're working for the end·resul t of a paper 
that sounds good , makes sense, is fo rceful and 
focuses on an idea. To achieve this we use a 
pragmatic approach dea ling with each 
individual student," said Jacobs. 

According to Jacobs, the program is set up in 
a way that allows ind iv idual attention by the 
tutor on each of the students. Teaching 
Assistants from Literature and linguistiC . 
volunteering their time. each meet with a 
student on a one-ta-one basis whenever the 

The Slacks: 
liD CHARGER-
FLARES 

• 
• 

student feels he needs help 
The student comes wi th a rough draft of one of 

his papers and both the TA and th student work 
to solve the errors in writing tcchn1qu relevant 
to that student, said Jacobs. 

"Learning to writ has alway been very 
difficult. There is no set rules to tell the person 
how to write. Writing is a Skill, not a body of 
knowledge ," said Jacobs. 

Presently eight people ar taking advantage 
of the Writing Clinic. Jacob attributes thiS low 
number of tudents to a lack of lime, smce the 
program started in the middle of October. and 
an insuft'icient amount of publicity. The Cli nic 
will continue to function for the remainder of 
this academic year. with future plans 
determined by need . said Jacobs. 

During the fall quarter, the Writing Clinic will 
be located in Building 2A' on the Muir campus. 
room number 1872. The telephone is x 1944 . 

RAY CHARLES 
170 

liD 
The Action 
Man Slacks 

Christie's 

~ 
Fashion and (asual 

Clolh.s for Men 
459·5323 

7914 Girard 
La Jolla 

DECEMBER 6 
SUNDAY 

Ray Charles and his Raeletts 
Peterson Gymnasium 

San Diego State 
8: 00 P.M. 

SDS Students $2.50 
Other College Students $3 .25 

General Public $4.00 

Tickets available at : 
AZTEC CENTER TICKET OFFICE 

or at the door 

Presented by Sa n Diego S'ate's 
Associated Students Cultural A rts Boord 



I 

tri on tiIlles Opinion 
LIiM ..... ." of c.a,for ..... S. 0ietD 

h ...... C .......... 12031 
11141 4U2000 •• at. 101i. Adv .......... at. 1017 

Ho~wood Gomft".on. Editor·in-Chief JeH Fried. Business Manager 

'he ............. ,. ...... n ..................... the .."h.n 'till""" ,~"'.~ ::~, ,n the ltyll ... ,.1WI 
... Nt NU ...... " r.tt.4:. ,hot ... wt .. the ,.nON flMIS ... , .... "' KII t. "~I' met"'" I, .. 

~hH 1If\, ......... ' theuld .. nd ,11.' ....... i ' ... 1 OW"-, ... tiltON filMS, 117 ...... Ho. , UCSD 

Marcuse: Where He Stands 
And What It Means 

Mike Roberts 

I nstituti ng Hebraic Studies 
Bonnie Saichek 

This university. of which I am proud to be a member , lacks 
study in an essectial sphere of human knowledge--Hebriac 
culture. The realm and va lue of this ubject is hard to 
capsulize ; within the Old Testament alone are fou nd roots of 
political reform, ocial equality and economic sociali m. Its 
literature and poetry ranks with the nnest ever written. 
serving as an inspiratiQn for artists in generations through (he 
present day. The history recorded in the books of Samuel and 
Kings (verified more every day by recent archaeological 
findings provides us with one of the most complete pictures of 
human activity prior to the historians of classical antiquity. 
The struggle 01 early Israelis to maintain their state in the face 
of hostile neighbors is remarkably similar. and perhaps very 
pertinent. to the Mid-East crisi today. 

Hebraic cu lture does not end with the conclusion of the Bible. 
Jews experienced. contributed to, or borrowed from almost 
every aspect of western culture ; Greek rationalism. Moslem 
science. the mysticism of the Middle Ages. the barbarism of 
the great power game of modern Europe, and--if succe sful .. 
what historians will call today' s age of rebirth and renewal. 

We all recognize that today's 'revolution ' is not a de ire for 
something totally new. but rather an urgent yea rning to 
recapture and establish some basic principles lost in the 
confusion of mass society. We want a community where human 
dignity. creativity. universal freedom and the responsibilty 
that must accompany it are encouraged. The Hebrew author 
recognized these profound values over three millenia ago. 0 it 
seems a wise idea to stud y this mature. ye t constantly 
rejuvenated. civilization. 

To what extent can we pursue this study at UCSD? There i 
one cultural traditions sequence. miraculously covering the 
4,000 years of Jewish history in three quarters. Obviously. this 
is only enough for a minimal introduction. Almost a hundred 
students enrolled the first time it was offered. If their interest 
is sparked . there is no way to continue the study. Independent 
study of the original texts is virtually impossible ; the only 
Hebrew taught is an independent course. via tapes. in the 
spoken language. 

Five hundred years ago. during the renaissa nce of knowledge 
and inquiry, every major European university. realizing the 
value and importance of Hebrew study , employed a Hebraic 
scholar. sometimes importing him from other countr ies. The 
practice extended to the universities cl this country. where 
Hebrew wa s a required subject. on a par with Latin. The first 
professor hired at Harvard was employcd to teach Hebrew. In 
testimony to its importance and popular comprehension. the 
baccalaureate address at Yale was given in Hebrew until 1820. 
Besides it classical va lue alone. Hebrew is a basic foundation 
for studies in later literature. history and philosophy. 
Furthermore. it is a modern language. UCSD offers a study 
abroad program to Israel. but does not offer instruction in that 
country's language in order to prepare for and fully appreciate 
the program. 

If a university attempts to teach an understanding of human 
history. it is a gross oversight to deny tudents the opportunity 
to study Hebrew. I realize that this school is still in the process 
of expansion . both physically and intellectually. To its own 
credit and for the inestimable benetit of its student. I urge 
that this subject be placed at the top of prior ities on the 
schedule of additions. 

I spent two hours last Thursday night li stening to Dr. Herbert 
Marcuse, asking him questions, trying to get at the roots of his 
ideas. My reactions: incredulity, fear and desperation. 

I found it incredulous that anyone would give credence to this 
man ; that anyone would actually take him seriously. much less 
hail him as a philosopher. 

I felt fear and desperation because I saw embodied in this 
kindly looking old man, all the evils and shames of mankind as 
[have come to know them. 

My highest commitment is to the prinCiple that a man can 
be, and must be, a conscious, rational being of supreme value 
to himself. Translated into politics, this means a belief in the 
supreme importance of individual rights, all of which spring 
from one right- a man 's right to his own life. This means a 
man has a right to the products of his mind and his labor , and a 
right to the freedom of taking any action he deems necessary 
to work and live in this world so long as he violates no one 
else's right. 

At the base of all the world 's most destructive creeds lies the 
denial of this right, or the overruling of it by some higher, 
otherworldly cause which is always shrouded in mystery. 

The German Socialists (Nazi stands for National Socialist 
Workers Party of Germany) denied individual rights in favor 
of the state and the concentration camps, and six million 
Jewish dead resulted. Russia did the same thing, and a bloodier 
domestic slaughter would be hard to name. 

It Adds up to Deatll 
You just cannot deny individual rights and have a viable 

society. Whatever you name the rules- Christianity, Fascism, 
Naziism, Communism, Socialism, Leftist policies- it doesn' t 
matter. They all add up to the same thing-death. If you deny 
the life of society as a whole and of yourself. Denial of 
life- this is death. 

Where does Dr, Marcuse stand here? He did make this fairly 
clear. He wants the abolition of capitalism, i.e. the abolition of 
individual ac~ievement and ownership ; in fact, the complete 
absence of individual rights, and importance in favor of the 
collective. The collective, "the public good" or " the glory of 
the fa therland" - it doesn't maller-self immolation is just 
that, no matter how it is phrased. 

Not Tbinking is Key to Belief 
What is the key to such a belief? Only one thing will let you 

think such thoughts for long evasion. Don't think . Let your 
fear, your self-loathing, your desire for power over your 
fellows, cloud your reason and block your mind. This mode of 
thinking is the key to the anti-intellectual element in the new 
left. The demand for instant solutions. the senseless 
confrontations, and the ever-growing rejection of reality 
through the use of drugs. all stem from a self-destructive 
mentality that rejects its own ability to think. 

All this passed through my mind as I talked to Dr. Marcuse. 
When I asked him about the role of the creatively productive 

mind in society, he ignored the word productive completely 
and proceeded to give a less-than-half answer to the effect that 
as industrialization increased , phy~ical labor would be 
eliminated, and everyone could turn to mental (i.e. creative ) 
pursuits. Who wou ld bring about this industrialization? 
Mystery. 

He repeatedly spoke of a " free ," i.e. ideal society. How 
would this society be organized? What would be the role of the 
individual and repression? He did not know or guess. That was 
sti ll to be determined. Mystery. 

Mystery Continues 
I asked him for a definition of man. an entity about which he 

has written many thousa nds of words. His answer : "Some 
things ju t can 't be defined ." Mystery. When I pressed him he 
gave me a description in terms of basic instincts, not 
intelligence, not rationality- instinct. What are the roots of 
instinct? Mystery, 

What is opinion on America 's current gradual political move 
toward Socialism? He laughed at the choice of words. He 
laughed sti ll harder when I substituted Communism or 
Fascism for Socialism on the basis that there is no real 

THE TRITON TIMES WANTS TO PUBLISH YOUR LEITER! 

triton tiIlles 
Edilur-in - l: hid . , 11..1 .1''')011 (;dllll11n11 
Ci l) Edil,, ' ....... . Ki, 'h lI ei mlich 
'b"a"i ,,!! Edilur ..... . \Iil.. l' l\1;1\ l'r 
CUP) Ellil >r ....... Chil l' I.. (; raham 
UlI.itll'" l alla~t ' r ....... Jeff Fried 
Edilorial ) irt','wr .. Kaolll Co nln 'ra-
\ ..... ·iah· I .il, Edilor ... (1."'11 JII! II cr 

Carl \ ci ltllri!t'r 
\rl- Etlilur ......... T ern 1\;l r,,1.. 
SrHlrl. Edilor . , .. , .. Htll'l.., · lIalI'ol1 
"h"I,,!-\ra ph) Edil"r .... Jul;11 Z,,1I1'!' 
Cunirillftlilll! EtlilHr ... ~ll'\ ,. I..lnliall 

News Department 
Rod Lorang 
Juliano Cinque 
Ro,e DeCo,ta 
David Kopelu>znik 
KOlhy Ru ,1 
Carl Nelburger 
Robert Miller 
Molly Selvin 
Bruce Morden 
Mike Konlro 
M,k. Roth 
Brenda WIlson 
Mike tyon, 
Mike Tawney 
Jim 5,11, 

Arts Dopartment 
Joy Gillett. 
Peter Gordon 
Bobbie Fink 
lorry John~on 
Artis .. 
Sarah McKe nna 
Allan Sekula 
George SOlonl 

Aut Managing Ed 

Adverti~in9 
Deportment 
Mark Trill ing 
Su,on Code. 
Molly Selvin 

Seuetorial Staff 
Steve Cohen 
Marge VanValken-

burgh 

Joe Eo,lern Copy Department 
Comy Shorlck Sharon Weldy 

Debbie Montgomery 
Production Gleno Schroeter 
Dove Buchbinder Molly Monlgomery 

The TRITON TIMES " of!lclolly recognized and ,upported 0' a . Iud.n' new. paper by the Communication, Boord 
01 the Un.verSlty 01 Coillor nio. Son D.ego, 8ulld.ng 250, Mollhow, Compu •• to Jolla. Col ,forn,o 92037 Publication 
•• tWice weekly on Tue,doy. and Frldof' Olllce, or. located In room 117, Bloke Hall . on tho Revelle Compul. For 
Advertl ''"Q phone A5 3 2000. X 10 17; fa, .d,torlol or new' phone XIOI6. 

P0ge4 Triton Tim •• Noy.mbe rl4, 1910 

difference between them. He never did answer my question. 
Mystery. 

Expert of Evasion 
Time and time again I tried to grab hold of his philosophy and 

expose it. Alii got was mystery and deeper mystery. A quk k 
change of subject, a twisted interpretatIOn of the question, a 
condescending tone of voice accompanied by a dismissal. He 
was an expert of evasion. 

A philosophy whose base is shrouded and unclear, a structure 
of ideas built on quicksand , a set of notions proporting to be a 
guide to " liberate" man, which, in fact is a formula for his 
destruction- what are these? I submit that they are an 
accurate summation of all the idealogical problems that have 
faced mankind. I further submit that the greatest task facing 
us today is to confront, denounce and in that fashion destroy 
these notions , which, and this the greatest tragedy, we feel 
neither the need nor the desire to do so. 

Support the 

CRISIS 
CENTER 

239-0325 

Got Something To Say? 
Tbe editorial pages of tbe TRITON TIMES are opea to 

the eatire Uaiversity commuaity. lf you feel the paper is 
too liberal or too coaservative, wby DOt belp to try aad 
chaage its directioa. If you feel certaia issues or 
viewpoiats have beea igaored or de-emphasized wby Dot 
express tbem yourself. The TRITON TIMES seeks 
articles expressiag tbe views of iadlviduals aad 
orgaaizatioas. studeats aad faculty . aad admiaistratioa 
aad coDceraed citizeas_ If you feel your writlag ability Is 
equal to some of our columaists the opportualty to 
coatribQte oa a regular basis is also opea. All poteatlal 
columaists sbould coatact tbe editorial director ; 
iadividual articles of opiaioa sbould be seat or delivered 
to tbe same, How well we reflect tbe UDiversity caa be 
determiaed oaly tbrougb feedback from our readers. 
You caa aad sbould criticize or commead aay part of tbe 
paper tbrougb letters-to-tbe-editor. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
Dogs at Mesa 

In his letter (T.T" Nov. 201 . 
Cra ig Glad argues that I have 
misrepresented his actions and 
my own. He points out that he 
no longer has two dogs. I am 
pleased tha t the problem is ha If 
corrected. The fact remains 
that for nearly 2-1 2 months. 
Glad housed two dogs which 
were often allowed to roam 
throug h the apa rtmen t 
complex . Many tenants can 
attest to the fact that both of 
Glad 's dogs were a constant 
sou rce of mischief : there are 
several mothers willing to 
testify in court that Glad's dog 
bi t their ch ildren. Mr. Glad 
must pardon these women if 
they insist on anonymity. 
Strangel y, they have been 
reticent to appear in public 
si nce Glad ' s boar der 
th rea tened to bomb several 
apartments. Mr. Glad 's dog 
continues to be a nuisance. In 
the week since my letter. 
Glad's dog has played in the 
sand at the playground at least 
twice. and has urinated and 
defeca ted evera l times 
throughout the complex . In one 
incident (Nov. 15 ) Glad paused 
while his dog devecated and 
then wa lked on wi th no effort to 
clean the mess. The fact i , 
that over a period of two 
months. Glad resisted all 
reasonable efforts encouraging 
him to restrain his dogs. Onl y 
since I have threatened a law 
suit, has slight effort been 
made to enforce our contracts 
and remove dogs. 

Mr. Glad questions whether a 
kennel fund exists and whether 
I am sincere in offering to work 
to obtain a guide dog for hi s 

use. By my motion, at a recent 
Mesa Council meeting. a 
kennel fund was established ; at 
that time I pledged $5 to this 
fund and encouraged others to 
do the arne. Ruth Astle. Dave 
Thompson. Craig Glad and 
Wayne Ca talano. all pro-dog. 
were present when this motion 
was mad e and pa ssed. 
Interestingly. Mr. Catalano. 
the boarder who actually 
owned Glad 's second dog. 
commented that he would 
never pu t hi s dog in a kennel. I 
cannot believe that Glad did 
not know of this fund. Earlier. 
at the same meeting. Vickie 
Lee Thompson explained that 
Glad hoped to use his dog as a 
guide dog. Several tenants. 
including myself, expressed 
our doubts that this was 
possible. and offered to work to 
obtain a guide dog if one were 
ge nuin ely de s ired . Our 
suggestion wa ignored . Nearly 
60 people attend ed this 
meeting ; if my offer there was 
not " public. " then Mr . Glad 
has a strange use for this word . 

Finally. Mr. Glad comment 
bitterly that " ... my privacy 
has been destroyed. my family 
insulted verbally and in print. . 
.... I do not believe [ ha ve ever 
insulted Craig Glad. The gist of 
my earlier letter in the Triton 
Times was that Glad 's dogs 
were but one example of a 
wide-spread problem. and that 
Glad should not be persecuted . 
I shall now rectify my failure to 
insult Mr. Glad properly. Mr. 
Glad . yo ur action of 
introducing dogs, in violation of 
your contract and your 
neighbor 's wishes. 
reprehensible and ha 
destroyed the good feelings 

PSAtells 
ucSan 
Where 
to go- San FranCISco. San Jose _ Oakland . Sacra menlO. Los 
......,.:... ~Angeles, Hollywood· 

. Burbank. and Onlarlo ~. """ ~ So go. ','m '"'" O"go 
, . 0 Call your campus rep 

r " . 0 Ira vel age~ 1 or PSA 
Q P5A gtves, yau a 11ft. 

WE HAYE CORD FLAKE 

that typified neighborly 
interactions at Mesa . Your 
letter' closing " peace" is a 
wor ld apart from your 
sen elessly aggressive affront 
to your neighbors. If your 
privacy has been destroyed. I 
am pleased. You must lea rn 
that your tenant-neighbors will 
not stand aside while. through 
your arrogant. self-righteOlls 
di srega rd of rules. ou r children 
are endangered. 

Jim ConDer 

Jensen Theory 
I received a leaflet yesterday 

from SDS concerning the 
presentation of the Jensen 
Theory by Dr . Harr y 
Munsinger. They state, the 
theory . " has been widel y 
dIscredited. Why then is this 

blh In~ Itlti ••• ry 
.rt ... tlrials 

theory being presented at the 
University?" 

Marxist theory has been 
widely discredited also, to say 
the least. Do you think the 
Regents were justified in 
preventing Angela Davis from 
presenting it in the University? 

Admitt e dl y , the 
circumstances in these two 
cases are quite different, bu t in 
principle they are the same. 
Whether the Jensen Theory is a 
racist theory or not is not a 
part of the principle issue. 
Don't attack Munsinger 's right 
to present the theory. I think 
the SDS efforts would be more 
effective if their criticisms 
were directed to the theory 
itself,as should be all opposition 
to recen t ideology. 

R. Noble 

h.IIMlrk cards 
p.rty godl 

apri 
PARK BLVD. AT UNIVERSITY AVE. • 298-0577 

folk ' arts 
blues, folk jlZl, 

THE TRITON TIMES 
WANTS TO 

PUBLISH YOUR LEDER ! 

nOl'fll coast stationers 
rock on record 

llso : pottery. jewelry, 
leather. 

h.nd mlde clothes 
3753 indil 

?AC4r~C 
YAMAHA 121 north highwlY 101 sollnl beach 

offiCI lupplies 155-4.923 school supplies 
(corner wash ington 
Ind indil) 

complete sales 
& service 

penton 
husqvarna 

iLa JoUa 
'&4nrtli 
4arktt' 

2259 Aveblda DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 459 - 3465 

Groceries, 
'r.~.c., 
••• ts, 

Wile & I •• r 

norton ajs 

nU' .. \RH fOl :PO\ 

SOUNDSVILLE 
Keefe Hartley Band 

"The Time Is Near" 
on the Deram Lable 

$2.59 with this coupon prices good thru Nov. 27 

Pacifie -Beach 

Triton Times Novembe r 24, 1970 PageS 



Concert Review 

Saturday Night at the Concert 
Terry Barak 
Arts Editor 

Fifty cents was the price of admission for the Boz Scaggs 
Concert held last Sa turday night in the gym, and the audience 
got what it paid for. 

The evening's performance began about 20 minutes late with 
a surprisingly good local San Diego band called Sequoya. In 
spite of lacking strong vocals and outstanding musicianship, 
their sound came across qui te together and well-organized. 
Sequoya's variety in instrumenta tion was effective in 
maintaining the aud ience's interest. as members of the group 
switched from one instrument to the next. In tota l. sax, flute, 
coronet, xylophone, guitar , bass, and drums were used. Their 
varied moods of music went from a brass chorus reminiscent 
of the T.J.B. to mellow jazz solos on the organ or xylophone, 
with planty of hard rock (Sons of Champlin va rietyl in-
between. Sequoya played nearly all original music ; they could 
have benefited from using more harmony and better singi ng. 

The featured attraction of the evening was a San Francisco-
based group led by Boz Scaggs, an ex-member of the Steve 

The lead guitarl singer of Sequoya, seen In last Saturday 
night's concert In the gym, 

Miller Blues Band. Boz Scaggs (the group) were obviously 
profe sional compared to Sequoya-each member 
accomplished on his own instrument. However, they lacked in 
good leadership and coordination of sound: they wer'e blaringly 
loud , the different instruments fighting each other for 
dominance resulting in something resembling chaos in sound. 
With more attention given to good mixing. they doubtless 
would have sounded much better. Boz Scaggs performed blues-
based rock ; but nothing sounded very original. 

Without a doubt. the outstanding feature of this concert was 
the audience itself. Their responsiveness to the music on stage 
and their attention paid to the groups was in complete contrast 
to the apathy exhibited by the audience at the la t UCSD 
concert loutdoors,featuring 1I0t Tuna l. Both Sequoya and Boz 
Scaggs were very warmly received. the latter getting two 
tanding ovations. From the smiles of both group and their 

managers, the performers really enjoyed their concert at 
UCSD. 

Pap 6 

POETRY 
about th e b each, wave, and/or 

surfin g is wanted by 
th e Triton Tim Art Dept. 

ee Terry at the TT OJf iee. 

Triton Time. Nov. mIN r ,., 19JO 

Sargun Tont 
Arts Writer 

One of the major diseases of 
20th Century man is to 
oversimplify complex things, 
and the crudest product of this 
process has been to write 
"how-to-do-il" books. Books 
have been written, guaranteed 
to make us millionaires 
overnight; treatises have been 
published on basket weaving. 
how to hit a golf ball squarely. 
how to stop worrying and live it 
up, how to lose ao Ibs. in two 

Always Waated to KDOW AlMIut 
Sex, by David Reuben, M,D .. 
!David McKay Company. Inc" 
New York. New York. 342 
pages, $6.95l. The other, by a 
lady with the pen-name of " J", 
is The Sensuous Woman. Lyle 
Stuart. Inc" New York. 192 
pages. $6.(0) . One wonders 
about what people have been 
doing in their bedrooms for all 
these years without the benefit 
of these books. 

To set the record straight. 
Dr. Reuben 's work is the better 

., One wonders abeut what pt.ple hm lIten d.ilg in their btdroems rer 
all these years with.ut the lIt.elit .1 t~e "hew-te-de-iC sex Heks." 

is hard to see how any harm is 
done ." Sometimes he is quite 
philosophical. On whether sex 
occasionally brings on a heart 
attack or not, he writes : " And 
when you get right down to it, 
there are worse ways to leave 
this world !" Some would be 
noble contributions to a sexual 
version of " Believe It or Not": 

outlook . she undertakes a 
program to , be a sensuous 
woman and wants to share her 
experiences with the other 
ladies. From a man's point of 
view the book seems to be an 
insult to the intelligence of the 
ladies. The preaching oscillates 
between a female drugstore 
Freud and imbecility of the 
highest order. Today's woman 
is moving toward a level where 
she wants to be treated' as a 

weeks, ad infinitum. The first 
offender of this trend in this 
country was. of course. Dale 
Carnegie , a bespectacled, 
grega rious man who was 
especially popular with used 
car dealers and the like. 
Among the latest popular 
offenders, you can always 
count on the editors of 
Reader 's Di g e s t , who 
periodically come up ~ith 
goodies like, "Ten Steps For a 
Longer Life," or something on 
that order. 

The rise or fall of popularity 
of this kind of book is usually 
well correlated with the socio-
eco no mi c , c u ltur a l o r 
tecnnological trends, although 
sometimes they are instiga ted 
by s ingular events . For 
example, if a lucky individual 
makes a million dollars with an 
investment of $10. you know 
very well that the market will 
be deluged with " how-to-make-
a-million-bucks" books hortly 
after. 

The value of these kinds of 
books is often questionable. 
Some may do some good. some 
may be ignored. thus leaving no 
effect But it is highly probable 
that some may do more harm 
than good . (" Popular 
Mechanics" type books would 
b a good examp le of the first. 
and the popular medical books 
of the last kind. J Nevertheless. 
an Inspection of these types of 
books is very important since. 
as we have mentioned earlier. 
they are very good indicators 
of the current trends . 

Thus it comes to us as 
something of a mild shock to 
see the current popularity 01 
"how-to-du-it" books on sex. Of 
course , sex has always been 
popular. as are the books 
written on it,or around it. But it 
baffles us somewhat to sep two 
recent books , which are 
currently numbers one and two 
on the be t seller list. One. 
written by a local San Diego 
physician is Everything You 

of the two. but the other one is 
quite interesting in some other 
ways, as we will see shortly, 

" A single act of intercourse is 
the exercise equivalent of 
about half an hour of jogging or 

Everything You Always 
Wanted to Know About Sex is 
written in a question and 
answer form. Dr . Reuben 
starts with .. How big is the 
normal penis?" and ends with 
"Why should sexua ~ drive get 
stronger as a person gets 
older?" In between he 

"Today's womaR is movint toward a Iml where s~e wants to lit treated 
as I human being lnd not as a plaything, '. . 

Boole Review 

SEX 
REDISCO VERED 
ALL YOU CAN ASK 

Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex 
by Dr. David Reuben, M,D. 
David McKay Co., Inc . NY. , N.Y. $6 ,95 

The Sensuous Woman 
by "J" 
Lyle Stuart, Inc. , N. Y_, N. Y. $6.00 

attempts to answer questions forty minutes of ca listhenics. " 
like. " But aren' t some people 0, those of you who are 
undersexed ?-What ca n a interested in keeping fit, stop 
woman do to initiate sexual - jogging and starlloving! 
intercourse'-What are the Miss "J". we are informed 
mechanic~ of petting?- What is by some accounts, is the kind of 
a street whore?, etc." Some of lady you wouldn' t notice in a 
the answers, like the ones on crowd. Thus, with an action-

human being and not as a 
plaything. 

On the other hand, the book 
has one charm--humor. Not 
since the days of Henry Miller 
and la ter Don Leavy are we 
trea ted to sex humor of this 
ca liber . In the "Sex--What to 
Wear" section, she tells about 
a friend of hers whose wig is 
accidentia lly pulled away by 
her beau," .. .for a terrible 
moment he thought he had 
somewhat inadverte ntl y 
scalped her ... " 

The book is full of advice , but 
nothing new since the days of 
Kama Sutra and Human Sexual 

Response. Whereas Masters 
and Johnson experimented 
under laboratory conditions, 
Miss " J" is a walking 
laboratorv herself . Her 
account can be broken down 
into the following components : 

a )variations on a theme by 
Vatasyana ; b) a modern day 
Fanny lIill with a touch of a 
castrated D. H. Lawrence ; and 
c J a sly interpretation of 
Masters and Johnson. 

But why bother? Since all 
these have been done expertly 
in the past, Miss('J" would be 
well advised to start writing 
humourous sex fiction where 
she could fi ll a part of the gap. aborUon, are quite speaks- Iouder-tha n-looks 

informative. Some are pure -----------------------, 
speculation without any 
scientific data to back them up. 
For example, Reuben wri tes on 
peeping and exhibition : " Aside 
from being naughty in the 
moralistic sense of the word, it 

Express Your Ideas 
In Triton Times 
Send letters and columns to 

Editorial Director; 
TRITON TIMES 

117 Blake Hall 
UCSD 

Record Review 

Badfinger-
The Beatles Resurrected? 

Terry Barak 
Arts Editor 

Is ~adfi~ger the ~eatles in disgUise'? Perhap after the 
latter S Widely publIcized breaking-up of last Spring they 
wanted to ' tart anew With a fre h name. So rumor Inav have it 
and anyone w.l~o ~as hea rd Badfinger's current hit single, " N~ 
Matter What. Will acknowledge the similanty in sound . 

To clanfy the I ue , Badlinger is not the Bealles; that is not 
to say that heanng them revives old memories of four mop-
headed m!lslclan Irom Bntaln who turned the pop music 
world up Ide-down In 1964 . And adding to the coincidence of 
like ound. Badfinger record for the Beatie-owned Appl . 
Records. 

If the following lyrics from " (.;0 Matter What" are familiar 
to you. then the melody will be too ' 

:' No matter what you are . 
I will always be with you. 
No matter what yOU do-ooo 
Oh yeah, I love )'OU so mu~h . . . " Badfinger's ongs really 

stick With you . They are the kind of thing that you can sing for 
JOY when In the shower, driving, In bed . et al. 

If you still are unable to place who Badfinger are , do you 
remember the theme song from the Ringo Starr-Peter Sellers 
movie. :'The Magic Chri lian?" The song. a Paul McCartney 
compositIOn called "Come and Get It," was believed by most 
people to have been performed bv the Beatles -

Badfinger are stylized after the 1964 sound 01 the Beatles and 
they have in common many facets . Both have rather trite 
Iyncs, although fun to heal', and easy to remember. Both make 
use 01 the same Instrumental ion lead and rh~·thm guitars. 
bass and drums. And both use a similar approach in the 
vocals : ,ne yeahs. ooohs. and aaaahs tha t were so p,)pular In 
the early Mersev Beat davs 

The music of Badfinge~ is too enJo~'able to dismiss as merel\ 
a cop~ OrdInariI, w(' tl',d to disregard one musical group 
which seems to be overtly ropYlng the :tvle (II another. But. the 
B at/e. are no longer together even if they were, they 

COMMU ITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 
Tile. thru Fri. 

9:30· 7:30 
Sat. 9:30· 5:30 

Closed Sun. & Mon. 
233 • 8328 

CONTROVERSIAL 
BOOK STORE 

3021 Ualmtlty 

wouldn 't be, pe~forming mus~c in the style of their early days. 
BADFINGER IS a worthwhile collection of songs filling the 
VOid left by the departure of the early Beatie sound . 

National Liberation in the Middle East 

I POSSIBILITIES I 

EaRlY WORKS 

"Early Works," a Yugoslavian film , will be showing this 
aturday Through Tue day, November 28-Deeember I at the 

Unicorn Theatre. ' 

Prison Reform Concert 
At S.D. Stote 

In the tradition 01 a Johnn\ 
Ca h or a Merle Haggard. 
Dennr l1all . a smger of songs 01 
prison reform. will give a free 
('oncert at San DIego tate 
College. Tuesda~, :"lovember 
24 

Hall and a group of women 
from Corona Pf'nllentiar\' 
called the A strolol(ira I Soulers 
will perlaI'm ,It 8 ()() pm. In 
:'Ilontezuma Ibl1, Aztec C nler 
under the sponsor.,hlp 01 Ihe 
X . .'ocliltf'd Sludenh ('uIIUlal 
Xrls BOilrd. 

SIngel Ph,11Is "-Ie. ell II 
Coruna Inmate wIll solu some 
o( h'l compositllJns at he 
p rlormance 

lIall. born In Hell'. Kltc'h!' 

\ew York. lirst got Into trouble 
at the age 01 6 years. He 
. ubsequently :pent 16 ~'ears in 
prIsons \\ hIlI' In prI~on he 
taught hlm,elt to plar guitar 
and write '(Jnl!~ 

He record: lor Capitol 
Re('ord: anrl ht, has appeared 
on "The :\len Gntflth Show." 
'The Della Ree -e Show," and 

'The Stc,e \Ilen -'Iwll' .. 
Ills son~" deal with the 

lament II .1 ( m<;lde pn:on 
gat('s III' group wIl SIng 50n s 
from hi ( _ [litol album 

I.lsten' I t n' L1 ten' 
m('/ud n l r Ie ,.m \10 t 0 
"(lmdn B~i lure LiO Takl' 
\ our :'Ilan BI,! leel Pit on 

I Ik.;peratJ n 

Europe 
An Israeli View 

Mid-East Israelis speak on self·determination in 
politics, off ering th e Israeli sol ution to 
Palestinian problem. 

things & things Fall, Christmas and Summer 197 1 flig hts 
availab le. Also to 
Isroel and Japan , the 

antiquated and otherW is e I.S.I.P •• I.C.I. 
Today ot 8:00 P ,M. H L 1205, Revelle 8217 Be verly Blvd. 

Sponsored by Jewish Stude nt Association 1237 prospect street la jolla 
Los Angeles, CA 90048 

(213165 1-3311 
(714) 755- 3990 

ofter 5 p .m. 
P,O. Box 4720 453-5844 

OPERATION SURVIVAL 
HOW ABOUT A JOB? - PART TWO 

By way of comp.arison with other parts of the world. 
:'>Iorth . Amenca th iS year will produce three times the 
electncal energy of the second place producer. the 
U.S.S. R .. and ten times that produ ed in the much-
va unted Common Market area of Europe. This rate of 
energy use is the REAL DIFFERENCE between North 
Amenca and the restor the world. 

North America is continuing to insta II more and more 
power to do the work of prodUCing goods and services. 
T.h~re I now Insta lled in the United States nearly twelve 
bl~h?n horse power which ,.when prorated among the 150 
million adult Citizens 01 thi country. is equal to 
approximately 75 hor power per individual. 

A strong individual can produce on I\' 1 20th horse-
POWCI: in eight hours (which i not enough power to keep 

ref ngerator cold) . 

Thal i5 horsepower approximates the strength 01 l , 00 
human slaves What do you tell 1,500 sla v s to do? lIow 
do you ('ontrollh m" 

For NSWERS as big a ' tl1(' CII /\LLE:\GE, '('nd a ti 
~(' nt sta!nprd. sell -addressed envelope to OPERATlO~ 
S RVI'VAL. POBox 2019. La Jolin . (' . 92037 

rill - SAl 
MOV. 1.7-4' 

Th, StAA of Tht- t. A. 
Pa.Ocl\lct.ON of 

HAJR 

• I(JIJ(, 'THIArRt 
84D'6~ 

iS~p,~ 
7rnJ'2.0 

A~"",",~ t~.SO 

Jt.n,,\ft.~ 
-P'C4S-

'JAc.K T~mpchio 
000', ."" 

r.,S 
Show Stort, 

8:30 

454 -7000 
E.S. E.P.- U.C S D. memb ro . 

If You Never Felt Better 
Maybe It's Time You Did 

A complete selection of organically grown 
natural and nutritional health foods, I 

• Natural Whole Grain Breads 
• Sugar Free Cookies 
• Pure Fruit & Vegetable Juices 
• Salad Dressings, Oils , Mayonnaise 
• Natural_Grains & Cereals 
• Dried Fruits & Raw i'Juts 
• Certified Dairy Products 
• Low Cholesterol Eggs 
• Raw Nut Butters 
• Sugar Free Sweets 
• Non Chocolate Cand:> Bars 
• Natural Fruit & Nut B3rs 
• Raw Unfiltered Han y 
• Special Diet Foods 
• Natural Vitamin~ 

& Mineral Supplements 

I-iOUSE of NATU RAl foods '1 ~ 7523 B Fay Avenue I 
November 24, 1970 Page 7 

, . 



TUESDAY, 
November 24 
LECf RES-DI C SSIO S-3' 30 
p.m .. ilL A D. meeting of the San 
Diego Division of the Academic 
Senate 

5 p.m . Formal Lounge. Revelle 
ommons: Hi storv Colloquim . Dr. 

Marya Gerassi. · " Revolutionary 
Trends in Latin America ." 

7' 30 pm . Mural Room of the La 
Jolla Federal Savings And Loan 
A oc" 7911 Her chel St. : ~ational 
Organization for Women meeting. 
' .D.W i a civil rights 

organization working for equal 
participation of women in the 
rights and responsibilities of 
American ociety . Del Mar 
attorney Peggy Porter will speak 
on the new California divorce law. 
Men and women invited. 

8 p.m .. HL 1205 : Israeli students 
in southern Ca lifornia will hold a 
panel discussion on the Palestinian 
question. 

8 p.m .. HL 1205 : Jewish lecturers 
Bordin and Cubsun. " ~ational 
Liberation in the Mideast. " 

8 p.m.. USB 2622 : Indian 
speakers. 
MUSIC-7 and 10 p.m.. " Back 
Door" at San Diego State Aztec 
Center : Mason Prorril. Tickets 
$1 .85. at Aztec Ticket Office. 
MEETI GS-6 p.m., 2C-IIIO: 
Surfing Cl ub. 

4 p.m .. soccer fi eld : Soccer Club. 
4: 30 p.m" Revelle Informal 

Lounge : Christian Science 
Organization. 

7:30 p.m.: Matthews dorms: 
Third College Rap Se sion . 

8 p.m .. 2A-210l : Bagpipe Band 

WEDNESDAY, 
November 25 

" R alities ." Ga lbrait h vs . 
BuckleI' 

8:30.·Channel 15 : "Cidlisation." 
The Light of Experience. Light 
revo lutionizes the artwork of 
R mbrandt and Vermeer in 17th 

entury Europ . a time al 0 lor 
mathematics and the reason of 
D carte . Newton. and Wren . 

9 30 p.m.. Channel 15. " The 
a der Re port. " F ood 

Additives.The food industry and 
the FDA are attacked for aliowing 
th consumer to be victimized bv 
" processed" foods. . 

PORTS-8 p.m" Sports Arena: 
hockey: San Diego Gulls vs. Salt 
Lake it l'. 

THURSDAY, 
November 26 
THANKSGIVING DAY 
TV-I0 p.m .. Channel 15: "Soul." 
featuring Herbie Hancock and his 
jazz sextet. 
FRIDAY, November 27 
ADMINISTRATIVE 
HOLIDAY 
SPORTS-8 p.m .. Sports Arena : 
ba ketball : San Diego Rockets vs. 
Atlanta Hawks 
MOVIES-No Friday Nite Flick . 

nicorn-"The End of A Prie t. " 
1969, Czecho lovakia . For more 
info call 454-7373 or 45H343 

SATURDAY, 
November 29 
ART EXHIBIT-IO-5 pm . Fine 
Art Gallery . Balbna Park : 
original graphics sale. Priced from 
.5-1.000. most under 100 

PORTS-8 p.m .. Sports Arena : 

T -6:30 pm " Channel hockey: an Diego Gulls vs. 15 : Phoenix Roadrunner . 

Clearance ale at Our Cost! 
STEREO COMPONENTS 

Scott-Dynaco-Kenwood 
Receivers·Amps-Speakers-Tape Recorders 

10 iolla music 
1128 wall 10 iolla 

459·3375 

A dearth of POETS ; 
so 
submit! 
Tous 
your poems. 
We print Arts Dept. 

~offee 
~~ut 

New l'uesday 
Night Special 

2 Beef Enchiladas 

PogeS 

..... ,Ih 
MOlZare 10 (heese 

(hili a;,d ~eons 
lettu(e E tomatoes 

[hill lepper 
plus 

drtnk of (hol(e 
all for 

Triton Times 

(RESCI'S ( & M 
Now Open Evenings- Tuesday Ihrough friday 

5:30 to • ,.111. 
Try IINse ._, s,.cielsl 

TUESDAY THURSDAY 

meal ball!Ondw"h 
salad and beverage 

99' 

rov,olr, spagh,II, 
Iholl·half) 

salad, rail , beverage 
99' 

lasagna 
salad, roll , beverage 

'1.10 

WEDNESDAY 

lpoghelli, meal ball, 
salad, roll, beverage 

'1.1 0 

ch,(ken caCCIa 1011 
salad, rail , beverage 

'I 10 

h.m s.ndw"h 
pOI.lo !Olod or 
col , slow 
p"kle, beveroge 

'1.20 

lal.gno 
salad, roll , 
beverage 

'1.10 

FRIDAY 

owl,", ~ fljf 
IIlod .nd beverage 

'I 10 

(lab lours 
cho", 01 dressrng 
rail ond beverage 

PIZZA at any time! 

CRESCI 'S C & M 
Deli and Restaurant 

7833 Girard Avenue 
la Jolla , Calif 92037 

phone: 459-51 ~ 1 

Novemberl4,l970 

II p.m .. San Diego Stadium: 
football : San Diego late vs. Iowa 
Slate niversi lv. Siudent . 2. 
TV-12 :30 p.rn .. hannel 10 . 
Na tiona l Science Foundation 
produced Deep Sea Drilling 
Project film . The film wa shot in 
co lor a board the Glomar 
Challenger and combine. the look 
and ound of contemporary cinema 
with the tory of one of the nation' 
most ucces ful and interesting 
projects. 
RADIO- II a.m .. KECR 93.3 FM : 
" Runawa y World . " pan e l 
di scussion of current topics and 
interviews of students on campus. 
MOVIE-Unicorn- ' :Earlv 
Works." 1969. Yugoslavia .' 

SUNDA Y, November 29 
ART EXHIBIT-12 :30- 5 p.m" 
Fine Arts Gallery. Balboa Park : 
grap hi cs sale . Price from 
S5- I.OOO. Most under SIOO. 
MUSIC-5 p.m .. Sports Arena : Ten 
Years After. Ticket in advance 
4.75. at the door. $5. 

TV-8 :30 p.m .. Channel 15 : "Our 
Vanishing Wilderness." The Chain 
of Life . Program is last in a series : 
examine new trends toward more 
intelligent use of the earth's 
natural resources. 
MOVIE-Unicorn- " Earl v 
Works." 1969. Yugoslavia. For 
more info call 454-7373 or 459-4343. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
FROM THE FINANCIAL AIDS 
OFFICE : Grant checks for the 
Winter Quarter will be ready 
December 7. Loan checks will be 
i sued bv the Loan Office . 204MC : 
all other' checks will be available at 
the Accounting Office. 301M . 

All sl udents receiving aid are 
advised that renewal applications 
for the 1971-72 academic year will 
b in the mail by November 30. 
Since addres es are not alwavs 
correct. students failing to receive 
thiS material bv D cember 5 hould 
('ome Into the Financial Aid 
office. 250M . and obtain th 
neces arv form s 

Deadli~es for a ll scholar 'hip 
applica tion is January 15 . March 
15 for applications for a ll other 
form~ of fi nancial dssistance. 

ew hours of the Financial Aids 
Office : 9-5. M- F. 

FROM THE INTERNATIO AL 
EDUCATION OFFICE: the 
deadline for applicants to this 
year's Education Abroad programs 
in Mexico City and Paris is being 
extended to December 1. 

Students who may wish to apply 
or who desire more information 
about this program should contact 
the International Education office 
in 250MC. 

COMMUNITY 
RELATIONS-Jewish students 
have been asked to speak on their 
campus life and problems as Jews 
at the University for a Community 
Synagogue. The date for the 
discussion will be December 8 at 
the Scripps Miramar Ranch. 
Interested students please contact 
Alvin Schnurr . 453-5844. 

Anomaly Factory previews 
January production " lYE" on 
December 4 & 5. Friday and 
Saturday at8 :30 p.m. Admission 50 
cents. 

The UCSD Library will 
celebrate the receipt of its 
750,OOOth volume on Tuesday. 

ovember 24, at 10 :30 a.m. in 
the main floor entrance area of 
the Central University Library. 
All students, faculty . and staff 
are invited to attend. The work. 
a first edition of Fielding's 
Tom Jones, will be presented to 
Acting Chancellor York by the 
Friends of the UCSD Library. 
represented by Mr. Elliott 
Cushman, president. and Dr. 
Francis Smith. Chairman of 
the Acquisitions Commi ttee . 

Cal-Jet Charters Announces Its 
Christmas and Spring Charter Flights To 

New York and Europe 
"Oon' l be misled by lower prices, invesligale first! Fly wilh our reliable 
(harler group. Know Ihe facts on your (harler (arrier before you sign your 
appli(alion. Oon'l lake a (han(e wilh an unknown (horler airline." 

Christmas 1970 
#612 Oakland-New York (JFK) r.1. De(. 19-Jan 2(via T.l.A .) 

(including lax) $ 139°0 
#615 Oakland·las Angeles-Amslerdam (r.I.) De<_ 19·Jan. 2 (via l .I.A .) 

including lox $25'" 
#858 Ookland·london (r.I.) De(. 19·Jan. 3 (via l .I.A .) 
Ski Holiday in Innsbru(k, Auslria De(. 19-Jan_ 4 including lox 524'" 
(Pri(e includes round Irip flighl , all lifts, holels, breakfasl for 14 days) 

#734 

#116 

Spring ( one way only) Flights 5499" 
Ookland·L.A.·Amslerdam Feb. 4, 1911 (via T.l.A.) 

including lox 513'" 
Oakland· London Manh 20, 1971 (via T.l.A .) 

incl uding tax 513'" 
All fligh,s .re .pen '0 s'ullen's, employe,s, s,.H .nll '.culty 0' 
tit, University ., C.li'orni •• nll 'heir immelli.,e f.milies. 
for application & further information write: 
Cal-Jet (harters or (all (area (ode 415) 
2150 Green Street 922-1434 
Son Francis(o, CA 94123 (after six and weekends) 
Special:University of California (harter Flight to 

Australia and New Zealand with stop in 
Tahiti set for summer 1'71 (write for full 

details now!) 
Inte~ European Student Charters Available Through CAL-JET 

Summer 1970 Europe S(hedule 
now Available 

CLASSI FIEDS 
Wanted 

Need Junior or Senior Yr. 
French major to tutor nights. 
Ca II 488-0721 after 6. 

Wanted - College girl to do light 
housekeeping in exchange for 
room and board_ Ocean Belch 
area - private front living . 222-
045;;..5 _______ _ 

HOUSING 
Within bicycling distance of 
UCSD. Half an apartment, pilrt 
of a house, etc. Call 273-5506 
after 6 p.m. 

Performers needed to wear 
sculpture-hands, breld, rlin-
boWS, etc. Meet Wednesday i 
Nov 25 in front of UCSD Art 
Gallery at noon. 

For Sale 
Vox Royal GUlr.dsman Mint 
condo $4501 or offer 459-3044 
'56 Ford Station Wagon 575 or 
best offer call ext_ 1792 

'67 Chevelle SS396 Gold con-
vertable. 755-3990 

'58 TR3. '63 enginel trlns. Price 
S5OO. Call 45'·5410. 

68 VW Fastback Sedan call eve. 
after 5:30 or weekends _ 223-0132 
or ext. 2629 Wayne Frater 

'66 VW Van- AMI FM Radio 
good condition . Call 755-8701 or 
453-2000, ext. 2240_ 

'70 Yamaha 200 cc 1300 mi. Must 
sell. Call after 4 p.m. M-F any 
time on weekends 461-6683 

COSMETICS. For 9-25c Sam-
ples of Randal non-allergic 
Cosmetics, (made from fruits , 
herbs, ferns , flowers, etc. and 
no harmful chemicalsl send 
only 1.00 to Randall Cosmetics 
P.O. Box 2019, La Jolla, Calif. 
State of skin is dry, normal, or 
combination. 

Brand new Minolta MG 16 with 
flash foot . 535 or best offer. 
Must sell. Call Mark 755-3990 

Personals 
You are cordially invited to a 
special pre-Christmls under $50 
sale. December 5 and 6. 
FABULOUS GIFTSI UN -
BELIEVABLE BUYSI at THE 
ART CENTER, 1159 Cimino 
Del Mar for info c11l755-163O III 
artists and craftsmen are in-
vited to sell their wires. 

Service. 
Persons needing help in passing 
proficiency in Germln or 
tutoring in Germln. Contlct 
Mr. Werner Mayr X 2765 or 453-
8296 

Typing-I BM-Resonlble 
rates-Call 488-3118_ 

Faculty and Students. 
Grlnts available testing con-
sumer products. Minimum of 
strings attached_ For info write 
Gabte 6641 Muirllnds, La Jotla . 

Typins".Experienced Iypi 1._.lerm 
papers, Ihesis. Eleclric Iypewriler. 
~iII do ru h jobs. 453-6835. 

DISTINTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8888 

Europe Charter Flights 
Several Schedules available. 
Coordinator : Professor 
Margaret Paal; 247 Roycroft 
Ave ., Long Beach. 90803 438-
2179 

PROFESSIONAL TYPING - It'asl 
service reasonable rates satis-
faction guaranteed medical and 
technicallyping our pecialty. Call 
277-%561 after 5:00 p.m. 460-0543 

See Terry 
at the 

TT 
office. 

GROUP-DISCOUNTED 
AUTO INSURANCE 

·P.ROGRAM for 
ASSOCIATED 

STUDENT MEMBERS 
PREIIIUUM'AY"....TS 

FlIIO nClng arr~ ...... belA 
mode a. the p , .... iufM tot filii jIoIicy 
may be mad. Annually , Sem , 
ArtftUo lly or moalil ly 

lKemed by S- of Coltlor 
"loDeportm t of Inwronce. 

MAUlED STUDlti15 & ""'t.I 
STUOENfS 

A lpoc'QI p,o,,"- I. O ... iIaIIfe. 

TWO CAl DISCOUNTS 
A 10% d. ,eount . ,11 be gi .... tot 

two or more outo ptoYlded thre (on 
ort owned by on In i"idvoJ o r !lU\ 
bond and ""te Ii '''II ,n III. 10"'. 
hous.hold 

GUARANTEED PlACEMENT 
Plocement Guaranteed , egordleu 

of d riVing rICord 

..wtG UNIftIMio 
....,. _: IN ewor. lho, .i.· 

.......... --.iI .. r)~ • . 
ou. __ finondDl, "lin Ih"", .... ' 

or tt..Ir "" It COlI 01.0 , ..... 
In the .... of their ........ lice. 
a nd ... ot the" _obtle . ... 
tho 1IIey 0'. 'nwol.td ,n on 
........... notolloult 
sn.tf.INSUIAHa (OVERAGE 

Collet. $tv8M I',,",onee .. " • 
hoi beln ~y .. 'obi,,,*, for 
.... ptOIW(Iioft of pf1~ of Colleg. 
ttudtIII ott- Nalto,wld. c .... rag. " 
P"Owded Qn 0 24 ho .. 0 day bo ... 
dUring .nlt,e period lor wh,eh pl. ' 
mlum IS j)did . 
BENUlrs 

Whil. 'h" pol"y " ,n effe, ' 'he 
Insured student 1\ onured of hl$ 
eomphon, . w" h th. S'ot of Cal,' 
OrnlO ~lOon(lol R.\PO"~ lb l l'ty low 

lor rnlormotron CALL (71 4) 583 9393 
CSIS 5090 College Ave , No I 

Son 01 go, Colrl 92115 

NOll VZINVDMO 11~OMd-NON 


