
trito 
A IIATIOII THAT CAN LAID MEllON 'THE MOON CAN 
fEED ITS HUNGRY, MAlE J08S fOR ITS POOR, CLEAN 
UP ITS AIR AND WATER, AND MAlE ITS CITIES LIVEABLE 

\ 

-If IT WANTS TO. 

AS WE GO INTO THE SEVENTIES • • • • • 
by Steve Stryker Science Writer 

Nineteen-seventy: In 1860 Frederick Law Olmstead 
proposed a city landscaping plan to the New York City 
Council which aspired to suit the urban environment to 
the individual and not vice versa. In 1<l70, like most 
other large cities in America, New York is fighting a 
losing battle against congestion and blight. In 1850 there 
were 500,000 acres of rich topsoil in the United States. 
In 1970 we are down to 25,000 acres of rich topsoil, and 
two-thirds of it is contaminated with insecticides. In 
1930 organic chemicals were not sprayed on crops. By 
1950, because of the heavy "over-spray" of these chem-
icals, twenty different crops across the U.S. were de-
clared inedible. 

Nineteen-seventy: Between 1900 and 1970 Lake Erie 
ha's been heavily oversupplied with nitrate and phosphate 
nutrients in agricultural runoff and domestic wastes from 
cities and towns, and in chemical wastes from factories. 
The lake is now being choked--literally asphyxiated by 
algae growth. iiearly all the surface waters of ntinois 
are Similarly "eutrophicated," I.e. dead. Between 1945 
and 1954 the introduction and widespread use of two 
pesticides, DOD and DDT, resulted in the death of at 
least a third of all animallife in Clear Lake in California. 
Between February and November of 1969 a large per-
centage of the wildlife in the immediate vicinity oC the 
Santa Barbara oil blowout area died. 

Nineteen-seventy: The tremendous burning of coal and 
oil during the past century has caused the carbon 
dioxide content oC the atmosphere to rise 14 per cent. 

This rise has probably made the earth, on the average, 
slightly warmer. If the carbon dioxide content in the 
atmosphere continues to rise there is a distinct poss i-
bility that the Antarctic ice cap will begin to melt and 
cause catastrophic flooding of many of the world's 
inhabited areas. 

From 1945 to 1963, above-ground nuclear tests also 
caused an alteration in the world's atmospheric condi-
tions. The resulting unseasonal cold or warm spells 
may have resulted in damage to many acres of crops 
throughout the world. The Callout left in the atmosphere 
from these tests is genetically dangerous to humans. 

From 1900 to 1960, atmospheric pollution increased 
greatly, while the incidence of respiratory disease in 
non-smokers increased five-fold, fr om 1,000 to 5,000 
reported cases. Also, tetraethyl lead and mercury sup-
plied heavy metal poison to all areas ofthe environment. 
Lead and mercury are now pres ent at toxic levels in 
many humans. 

Nineteen-seventy; In the sixty years of air travel 
the noise level of aircraft has risen exponentially. Dur-
ing the fifteen years between 1950 and 1965, the noise 
in residential districts surrounding airports doubled in 
intensity. During the 17 years between 1948 and 1965, 
when most freeway construction took place in the Los 
Angeles basin, more than 10,000 homes were built wi hin 
ten yards of a freeway. During the five-year period 
from 1963 to 1968 the noise level in the city of New York 
increased by 25 per cent due to traffic congestion, uild-
ing construction, and road maintenanc , according to a 
survey tak n by Quiet, a New York noise prevention 

agency. 
In the year 1970 the population of the world is increas-

ing by 4,000,000 people a month, the population of Cali-
fornia is increasing by 50,000 per month, and the popula-
tion of San Diego County is increasingby 3,000 per month 
--and only half of it is due to in-migration. 

Nineteen- seventy : Like Olmstead a century ago, we are 
faced with congestion and urban blight, but in a much 
more subtle form. In the name of progress and "the good 
life," huge developers are now sta mping monolithic 
housepads, apartments and shopping centers across the 
landscape. Two days ago a commercial complex the 
size of Mission Valley Center was proposed to the city, 
which would bring urban sprawl to the eastern edge of our 
own campus . We are already threatened by a " new cit . , 
of 20 ,000 just south of the Medical Sch 01. If progress i 
served, we will soon be immersed in housepads and 
chainstores, without a prayer of ever developing our own 
Harvard Square or Telegraph A venue. 

Will we ever suit the urban environment to t'le indi-
vidual and not vice versa? Olmstead succeeded in getting 
Central Park, but he fa iled his vi ion of a livable cit . 
In San Diego we have a hope of aC('(l rile- f ~h :~ 
possible. Several new groups have sprung up rec ntl 
that are determined to "save San Diego: ' Even the 
Chamber of Commerce has jumped on the hand wagon . 
Man of these penple have taken their cue from the suc-
cess of stud nt efforts. They look to us for up rt and 
collaboration. January, 1970, could e an hi torlc mo-
m nt, if we could only find our head , and tart turnmg 
them toward omp ver real problem. 



Trouble Follows Expose 
Street Journal Hit by Night Riders 

by Rloul Cllntrerls 
Stiff Wr iter 

Through pamphlets, leaflets, 
and a rally today at Mon stu-
dents at UCSD have been made a-
ware of an attempt to drIve the 
street Journal, an underground 
newspaper , (formerly the SanDi-
ego Free Press) out of existence. 

So far the newspaper, which o-
perates at 360 Fifth Ave. in San 
Diego, has been broken into four 
times; and on the last occasion, 
(Dec. 25) a justowriter, a piece 
of newspaper equipment worth 
$4000, was destroyed. The win-
dows to the office have been sma-
shed on a number of occasions 
and a couple of bullet holes attest 
to the offices' use for target prac-
tice by night riders. 

Several members of the staff 
have been subjected to threaten-
ing phone calls, and on Saturday, 
Jan. 3, Larry Gottlieb, a Street 
Journal staff member, had his car 
fire-bombed outside the staff's 
communal living quarters. 

The organizer of the gangster-
like activities has apparently 
achieved part of his goal, for the 
Street Journal was recently pre-
sented an eviction notice by its 
landlord, J.J.Olsher. Olsher was 
the reCipient of a phone call, and 
his life, those of his family , and 
and his property were threatened. 
According to the Street Journal 
statf he came to them and said, 
"The extremists, the Nazis, are 
coming. I don't want to die for 
you. " 

cIe questioned some of Smith's 
wheeling and d'!aling. 

The street Journal wentfurther 
than the Wall street Journal by 
implying it was political connec-
tions (Smith is a personal friend 
of President Nixon) which made 
possible his financial success. 
The Street Journal article also 
"showed" that it was the same 
type of political connections on a 
local level which were allowing 
Smith and associates (notably 
James Copley, who controls both 
daily newspaper s in the San Diego 
area) to build a financial emplre 
in San Diego. 

It was after this issue of the 
street Journal that the staff was 
informed by an "unnamed source 
close to the Smith family" of an 
alleged phone conversation bet-
ween Smith and Copley in which 
they agreed to "crush" the Street 
Journal. 

According to Paula Tharp, a 
writer for the street Journal, be-
fore this issue the only interfe-
rence in publishing their paper 
was the occasional arrest of a 
street vendor for "obstructing the 
sidewalk". According to the staff 
they then came under close day 
and night pollce surveillance and 
the first initialpettycasesofvan-
dalism occurred. 

Also following were a number 
of incidents which led the Street 
Journal to claim that Smith and 
Copley hac! indeed begun their 
persecution of the newspaper thru 
their influence with the city agen-
cies. At 2 am on Nov. 23, three 
detectives entered the Street 
Journal office and proceeded to 
take notes on the floor plan. Ac-
cording to the staff when the p<>-
lice were questioned about a 
search warrant, and Officer Grey 
answered, "Search warrant? 
What are you trying to hide?" He 
said the fire department and buil-
ding inspectors would be interest-
ed in the notes they were taking. 

The street Journal on its own 
initiative later called in fire in-
spectors who gave them a list of 

2500 current issues of the news-
paper were stolen. The crime 
happened in the parly evening, 
when the street Journal contends 
it was under police surveillance 
(the thieves broke in the front 
door). This has led to a street 
Journal accusation in its latest 
issue: " Po lice protection is nil. 
For that matter the only instance 
of police involvement hints of 
collusion with those interested in 
exterminatine: us." 

The crushing blow ,however ,for 
the street Journal has been the 
second breaking and entering in-
cident when the justowriter was 
destroyed. Relevant to the Street 
Journal staff was the fact that the 
justowriter was not simply "de-
stroyed", but certain parts of it 
were attacked. This hints that the 
vandal was someone who knew 
journalism equipment or had re-
ceived prior instruction. 

The "crusade" against the pa-
per took another turn last Satur-
day when the car belonging to 
Gottlieb was fire-bombed. The 
staff members are now taking the 
phone threats seriously, and ha ve 
set up a night armed guard (with 
permission of the San Diego Po-
lice Department) at theircommu-
nal living place. 

A lthough in its last two issues 
the street Journal has publicly 
pointed the finger at a Smith-
Copley conspiracy, in an inter-
view they have admitted a lack 
of concrete evidence. Fred Miller 
a writer on the staff, said "We 
don't know. It could be some lo-
cal right winger." Butlor him and 
other members of the staff the 
suspicions of a Smith - Copley 
"enterprise" are verified by the 
timing of the events (after the 
Smith expose) and the alleged 
Smith-Copley "crush the street 
Journal" phone call. 

The Street Journal, which has 
been in operation for over a year, 
traces the trouble to its Nov. I 
issue, when it ran an "expose" 
on well-known and influential San 
Diegan C. Arnholt Smith (head of 
Westgate California Corporation, 
one of the largest holdingcompa-
nies in CalUornia). The article 
was an "elaboration" of a piece 
in the April 16, 1969 issue of the 
Wall Street Journal by a Byron 
E. Calame, which was headlined 
"Self- Dealing Tycoon: How a Ca-
lifornian Uses Publicly Owned 
Firms to Aid Private Venture. 
C. Arnholt Smith and Associates 
Profit by Dealing With Banks; 
and Food Processors." The art!- I 

" 

correctable faults. One of these 
inspectors is also supposed to 
have informed them that detec-
tive Jack Pierson was out "to get 

In attempting to establish the 
authenticity of events and accusa-
tions, the Triton Times tried to 
get statements from C. Arnholt 
Smith, James Copley, and the 
San Diego Police Department, 
without results. Smith was ad-
vised legally not to make any 
statement , and James Copley is 
at present out of town. Lt. Slack 
of the San Diego Police Depart-
ment informed the Times that the 
police are still working on the 
street Journal case. He said lack 
of concrete evidence (fingerprints 
etc.) and not effort was the reason 
for lack of progress. In trying to 
get a statement on the alleged 
"police harass ment" ofthe Street 
Journal this reporter was refer-
red to a Lt. O'Brien in intelligence 
who wasn't in. The intelligence of-
ficers left in charge felt they 
could not comment on the allega-
tions. 

454-1316 
Rap With yo Jr D8/\ rep 
Pam PelerS( n, agent for 
SIX non-sto~" dally to 
San Francis~ . Flights 
every hour (In the half-
hour to LA. Also great 
service to f- ollywood-
Burbank. San Jose Oak-
land and Sacramen o. 
You 've go -'I'. 0 .... 
her number • f~ 

PSA grves 
youaUft 

them." 
That same afternoon the staff 

held a fund-rais ing cocktail party. 
Among those who attended were 
two tUldercover policemen. The 
result was the arrest, for illegal 
sale of alcohol, of several staff 
members. 

A week later Olsher began re-
ceiving his phone calls and told 
the Street Journal it would have 
to vacate. As a result the staff 
went looking for a new landlord 
and came accross a Billy Jo Re-
eves who told them a detective 
Jack Pierson had asked him not 
to ren t to the Street Journal. O-
ther incidents include an attempt 
to obtain a store bus iness license 
at the cityadminist ration building 
whe re staff member s were infor-
med that any business opening on 
"J" street would have to go thru 
an officer Halley at the police 
departme_1t. In addition, they were 
refused a building permit on the 
groun1s of health and fire defi-
Ciencies, despite the fact that 
inspections for such deficiencies 
had been passed. 

On !\'ovember 29 the fir st of 
lWV SilCCO!:!:flll bre ing and en-
tering incidents occurred in which 

Although they admit being hurt 
by the campaign against them, the 
Street Journal staff intends to 
publish if it has to do so by hand. 
They are asking for donations to 
help replace the lost equipment. 
There will be a rally today at 
noon in the Revelle plaza in which 
thy will plead their cause. 

In interview, Paula Tharp 
thought it important to deny the 
charge that the Street Journal de-
stroyed its own equipment in or-
der to get publicity. ·'It's utterly 
ridiculous since we still owe 
$2500 on it." The justowriter 
was notlnsured, and they will have 
to continue paying for it. 

FREDERICK ' S SKI SHOP 
7730 FAY AVENUE 

LA JOLLA. CALIFORNIA 

454-1410 
SNOW REPORTS 
454-2351 

CLOTHING-EQUIPMENT 
RENTALS 

JANUARY SKIING IS GREAT 

Plge 2 Triton Times January 9,1910 

::~~~i5;: 
::::::::::::::::::::::~:::~~_.:~:::>.:::::::::~::::::;:;:::;:;:::~::::::t:;:~:::;::~;:~:::::::.:::::::::::::.:~ 
U.C. Fllculty Shortll,e. 

Because of budget cuts for 1970-71, many UC campuses will have 
to drastically cut back on faculty positions. UCLA asked for 63 
new teachers to accommodate increasing numbers of students. 
Instead they will lose 171 existing faculty members, which is more 
than 10 per cent of the faculty . "This may mean," said Vice-
Chancellor David Saxon, "That we will be unable to offer some 
classes which are now considered critical in terms of s tudent 
requiremeIfts." Berkeley, also heavily hlt, will lose 20B teachers . 
UCSD will gain 1B faculty members next year, out of the 70 re-
quested. Chancellor W111iam McGill said: "The university Is in 
desperate trouble. It will not be obvious this year, but next year 
and the yea ratter." 

Drllft lllw Held Unconstitutinlll 
In the past, religious opposition to selected wars was not sufficient 

to obtain Conscientious Objector status. The drattlawdenying selec-
tive religious opposition was declared unconstitutional last month by 
U.S. District Judge Stanley Weigel. The decision acquitted Leslie 
Bowan, a CathOliC, of refusing induction, atter he had asked his 
draft board for a C.O. classification under Roman Catholic doctrine 
holding that there are just and unjust wars. Weigel said that this 
doctrine" sets up certain standards according to which each Catholic 
determines for himself whether the war ts just. If he determines 
the war is unjust, a Catholic must not participate in it. To do so would 
be to violate his religion." 

Volunteer Army Ad"ised 
Meanwhile, a presidential commission has agreed that an aU-

volunteer army should be established but estimated it will cost 
an extra $2 billion to $4 billion annually. The commission recom-
mended that Congress should consider establishing an all-volunteer 
force this year. Nixon is expected to receive the completed report 
from the commission, headed by former Secretary of Defense Thomas 
Gates, on January 10. 

II You're #360 ... 
Men with high draft numbers probably aren't as safe as they might 

think they are, according to Selective Service officials and many 
draft attorneys. Because of all the deferments and appeals granted, 
many boards are expected to run through all 36fi numbers by early 
in the year . Ben Wilson, the public -affairs officer for the California 
state board, is not willing to make any predictions. But, to ease the 
tension, dratt boards in Southern California have been instructed 
to post the lottery numbers they reach each month. Also, to avoid 
the inequity of different draft boards reaching different numbers 
to satisfy their quotas, state officials are expected to apportion new 
quotas to equalize the lottery numbers. San Diego County will send 
induction notices to all men classified I-A having priority numbers 
I to 30 to fulfill February'S quota of 126 men. It is unknown whether 
this amount will be sufficient. 

Wllr Agllinst Pollution 
President Nixon has finally signed a law creating a council of 

environmental quality. He proclaimed: "We are determined that the 
decade of the '70s will be known as the time when this country re-
gained a productive harmony between man and nature." The three-
man council established by the new law will recommend to the presi-
dent national policies on environment and carry out a continuing 
analysiS of changes and trends in the environment. It is hoped that 
the president will act strongly upon their analysis; the su rvival of 
many species, including our own, hangs in the balance. 

Moratoriums: What's Next 
The Viet Nam Moratorium Committee is expected to announce its 

future plans in Washington next week. The primary aim in the near 
future is to help elect Senate and House candidates committed to a 
speedy withdrawal from Viet Nam. A basic deCision has been mad 
that antiwar sentiment at the polls is the most direct way to exert 
pressure on the president to bring the war to a close. Large rallies 
are planned for April 15 around income tax collection centers to 
graphically demonstrate how the federal income tax now going to and 
for the war can instead help to fight poverty and pollution. 

Chiago Conspiracy Trial 
The trial of the Chicago (formerly) Eight is grinding on. The prose-

cution has presented its case, and the defense is now calling wit-
nesses. Among those recently called to testify (in behalf of the de-
~ense) was Mayor .Daley. An overvlewoCthetrial and possible signif-
Icance was given In the Los Angeles Times on Jan. 4. 

'After Pink"ille' 
Noam Chomsky offers a very well thought-out and documented 

rationale on why "the massacre of the rural population of Viet Nam 
and their forced evacuation is not an aCCidental by-product of the 
war . . ..(but) is of the very essence of American strategy ... " pre-
sented III the January I edition of the New York Review of Books. 
His primary point is that the Viet Cong forces are so indigenous 
that "to _ crush the people's war, we mus t eliminate the people." 
He examines the reasons for the bombing of the No rth in the mid-
decade, and concludes that a major factor was the necessity of the 
Air Force to get involved in the war for budgetary reasons. The 
bombing had little military advantage; it was ' 'one of the things 
that the U.S. military forces were best to do." 

n OPEN HOUSE 
NW Corner of Blake H811 

Tod8y 12 - 3 

Chips & Punch 

News 
Briefs 

by Plul Emus 
Assoc. N.ws Editor 

State Assemblyman John stull, 
R-Leucadia (our district), saId on 
Dec. IB that he is considering 
sponsoring an initiative campaign 
to repeal Article 9, Section 9 
of the state constitution, which 
established and controls the Uni-
versity of California. 

* • • • 

The UC faculty policy against 
hiring Communist teachers was 
repealed (2,4B7 to 1,139) in a 
secret mail ballot, it was re-
vealed on Dec. 16. The revoked 
rx>licy adopted by ue campuses 
In 1950 read, in part: 

"No person whose commit-
ments or obligations to any or-
ganization, Communist or other, 
demonstrably prevent impartial 
scholarship and the Cree pursuit 
of truth will be employed by the 
Uuniversity." 

• * • • 

Plans for a $150 million "Villa 
La Jolla" apartment complex with 
room for up to 24,000 persons 
were initiated in a rezoning ap-
proval by the City Council on 
December 11. The proposed de-
velopment, which would be loca-
ted on a 300-acre tract west of 
Interstate 5 in a triangle formed 
by the freeway, Genesee Ave. 
and La Jolla Village DrIve, 
would be built by the Land Re-
sources Corp. of Philadelphia. 
The area will include commer-
cial and recreational facillties 
and four main types of units: 
2,600 high rise aPlrtment units 
on a 20-acre plotj 2,500 garden 
apartment units on 70 acres; 
BOO town houses on 44 acres; 
and 250-300 student-orIented 
apartments. 

AS Senate 

Since fall 1967 the Triton Times has 
presented capsule summaries of the acti-
vities or the ASSOCiated StJdents Senate. 
This week coverage is expanded to include 
both college gover'lments . Written by mem-
bers of the staff in each college, the two 
sections on this page will inform under-
graduates of the plans, proposals and com-
mittee developments in Revelle and Muir. 

In other action at the meeting, the Senate 
dealt with the vacancy left by Tom Peiler 
who was dropped from the AS Senate aut~ 
matically upon his withdrawal from the uni-
versity. Representing Revelle College, Pei-
fer was enjoying his second year on the Sen-
ate. He gave, as his reason for departing 

Jeff Benjamin voiced his di <;appointment, the campus, "~ersonal reasons," but was 
at the Sunday Senate meeting, to the six reportedly leavmg because of his favorable 
representatives present. In swlft order three draft number. 
basic committees were set up to revamp Benjamin suggested that Fred Greensite 
AS government, study proposals for expand- an unsuccessful candidate for Peifer's post 
ing AS services, and improve relations with last year, be invited to till out the term of 
other colleges and universities. ofrice. But he also suggested that other Re-

"The Senate has not anywhere approached velie students contact him if they are inter-
its possible capabillties," Benjamin said. ested in being appointed to the seat. 
"This organization has for too long been in- Filling vacancies on the Senate has become 
efficient to the point of absurdity, and I have an annual headache. Nothing in the Constitu-
found that the ASUCSD has too much to do tion indicates how senators can be replaced. 
for three or four people, who now do almost Two years ago Jim Miner 's seat was filled 
everything." by Senate approval of President Rich Alten-

The senators on each committee, as well hofrs nominee, Pete Waasdorp, a Muir 
as all other students who volunteer to serve junior. But Muir vehemence at being over-
will report back in several weeks with a num~ looked by the AS produced a petition which 
ber of proposals: suspended the appointment until the regular 

1. The Reorganization Committee wi 11 AS elections . 
study AS-college relationships and make The following year the resignation of Bill 
proposals for revisions in the AS Constitu- Eastman was filled, by nomination by AS 
tion, now four year s old. It will also "codify President Tom Shepard, by Greg Harm_ 

By the end of the Winter Quarter Third 
College will be added to the column, and 
by the middle of Spring Quarter the School 
of Medicine and Scripps Institution of Oceano-
graphy will find a place on the campus Plge. 
Next year it is hoped that news bureaus in 
the colleges, institutes and schools wlll be 
set up for more rounded n~ws of UCSD. 

Roger Showl.y News Editor 
The Committee has been handicapped be-

cause only one of its studdnt members (Bill 
Keegan) has had any prior experience in 
college government, and because RCG did 
not have a chance to set down procedures 
for hol~lng ~eetings and conducting business 
belore It ad)ounred last June. 

This quarter, the RCCA's first order of 
business will be to schedule a college con-
vocation. All students and faculty of Revelle 
College should attend. The agenda will be 
determined by the RCCA, but all members 
of the college community are encouraged to 
submit suggestions. 

.The HCCA holds weekly meetings. The 
Triton _ Times will announce the time set 
~or thlS quarter's meetings as soon as it 
IS available. These meetings are open to 
all. I?embers of the college community. In-
qUlfles may be addressed to Tom Hull 
dean of students and executive secretary t~ 
the RCCA, at the Revelle Provost's Office. 

Muir 
Council 

the relationship between the AS and campus But this is the first time a senator has 
administration and faculty bodies" to recom- resigned in the Fall Quarter . Beginning work several weeks after Rev-
mend where students should be included in Revelle Senator Jim Magill described a elle's Committee on College Affairs the Muir 
the government of UCSD. crepes franchise the AS might purchase College Council quick ly dealt with 'prOblems 

2. The Enterprises Committee will look to add to its tood serv!ces on campus. De- of organization and purpose. 
into the establishment of an AS record store signed for service in the Muir Commons By its third meeting, the MCC had passed 
which the AS at UC Berkeley has found highly the snack bar would appeal to dessert lover~ a short list of bylaws, decided on limits of 
profitable. This committee will also oversee as well as students who enjoy eating turkey action, and debated basic issues unique at 
the operation of the Coffee Hut, Winzer in a pancake, French style. Muir College. 
Snack Bar (at theMedicalSchool), and Scrlpps AS salaries were boosted for the AS pres- The most important ltem discussed was 
Snack Bar. Development of an AS-owned and ident (to $900 a year) and program board the MCC's role in educational policy-making. 
operated facility at Muir CollP.ge ts also set chairman (to $750 a year). Currently other Currently a college facutly committee reviews 
as an agenda item for this grouP. senators who receive salaries are Lenny curriculum proposals and revisions and for-

3. Finally, the External Affairs Committee Bourin ($600 for work on the Third College wards them to the campus-wide Academic 
wlll seek to improve r elations with other Board of Directors) and Mark Elson ($300 Senate for approval (through the Committee 
schools. The AS became a member of the for work as KSDT station manager). on Educational Policy). 
National Student Association in December The MCC found that science and language 
when the Senate voted $15 for membership R eve II e committees were reviewing the present lower 
fees, and this committee will seek ways to division requirements. Instead the MCC would 
exploit the advantages available. Off-campus C like to recieve proposals from such ad hoc 
student interests in La Jolla Del Mar and 0 m m i tte e groups and forward recommendations to the 
San Diego will also come under the EAC's ~ . Academic Senate. 

UCSD closed its freshman quota ' jurisdiction, as well as improvements in Old business, the budget question, commit- At a day-long meeting two weeks ago the 
liaison work with other California student tee . t MCC, in a committee of the whole wO~ked 

for the Fall Quarter, 1970, on . groups. apporn ments and minor matters (such out the bylaws, which according to 'Council-
• • • • 

December 11, it was announced as a request later turned down to film a man J C llin 11 Students intuested in servIng with the television show In' the plaza dur' ;ng finals on 0 s a ow students to form any by Harold E. Temmer, reg1s- u. ad hoc com Ott d th M 
appointed senators on these committees week) took up most of the time of the new' ml ees un er e CC to deal 

trar and admissions officer. Benjamin said, are welcome to contact h!~ R With any subject desirable. But the MCC would 
There were 2,1000 applicants for Office at extension 1918. . eve lie Committee on College Affairs (RCCA) not initiate action unilaterally' rather Collins th~e~9.5~0~-~m~e~m~be~r .fr. eiis.h.miian. ciilaiiSiisii' ~~~~~I111 ••••••••••••• d.u.r.in.g.th.e.f.al.l.q~ua.rt.e.r •••••••••• .;sa;i;d~, ~it~WOUld oversee all coilege o~rations. 

SKIERSI MAKE RESERVATIONS EARLY • FOR UNION PACIFIC'S BRAND NEW 
PARK CITY • PARK c'ITY WEST • ALTA • BRIGHTON 

& "SKI UTAH BARGAI N PACKAGES"! as low as $10800 
including • 7 days of great skiing - 6 nights lodging -lift passes, etc. 

(Lessons optiona I) 
Round trip by Domeliner in reserved seat Coaches 
(Domeliner sleeping car accommodations also available ) 

PARK CITY PACKAGE 
• 6 nights lodging in fa Scinating. historic Park City. 
• 5 day 11ft pass Pork City • 2 day lift pass Park City WEST 

81(;,4 AREA PACKAGE 
• 6 nights lodging in Salt Lake City with doily transportation 

to four famed ski areqs. 
• 7 day Big-4 area ski poss for Pork City. Pork City WEST, 

Alto and Brighton slopes. 

m
.· 15 departures : Every Saturday Dec. 20 thru flNJr . 28. 

Leave los Angeles 12 :45 PM Noon 
Arr~ ve ~ ·1 t Lake City 6 :35 AM Sunday for a full day of skiing. 

_ Arrive Los Angeles 1 :00 PM the following Sunday. 
Makf'. reservations early. Cdll your Travel Agent or Union Pacilic office NOW lor brochure. 



Dr. Stanley E. Mill~, rofessor of biology 
at UCSD has been self'c ed as a recipient of 
the 1970' E. Harris Ha: bison Award for Gif-
ted Teaching. This nat~o~l award, given out 
by the Danforth Founda' ioo, honors outstand-
ing teachers and draw~ attention to qualities 
of teaching which challenge and inspire stu-
dents. Dr. Mills will receive a grant of $10,000 
to use in either his own field or related areas 
Cor study or preparation he thinks would be 
most effective in teaching and scholarship. 

The Danforth Foundation selected Mills on 
the basis of his competence as a scientist and 
as a friendly counselor in countless hours with 
students, Mills has been active in the Self-
help Through Neighborhood Leadership Pro-
gram (Office oC Economic Opportunity) and 
the Program for Culturally Disadvantaged 
students. He was described as a respected 
educational planner among co lleagues both in 

Mills Receives 
Award for 
Teaching 

pus personnel." 
Originally from New York City, Mllls ac-

quired his bachelor's degree from the City 
College of New York. He received his Ph.D. 
in microbiology from Yale University in 1956, 
after which he spent three years inpost-doc-
toral research in the biochemistry department 
at Brandeis University. MUls has been with 
UC in San Diego since December 1960, when 
he joined the faculty with the late Professor 
David M. Bonner, first chairman of biology at 
UCSD. 

"Dr. Bonner's passion for knowledge, com-
munication to students, and the excitement of 
discovery have served me as continuing 
sources of inspiration," says Mills. the biology department and in the wider com-

munity. Mills has "further humanized the 
learmng and spirit of the community not only 
by initiating and developing programs for cul-
turally disadvantaged students and by giving 
them personal help, but also by pushing the 
color barrier wide open in the hiring orcam-

Dr. Mills' award, along with those for 18 
other outstanding professors throughout the 
United states, was p resented last Dec. 8 in 
st Louis, Mo. 

by Clthy JlnSSln 

& \ 

*CEILING 
AND 

VISIBILITV 
UNLIMITED 

At Pratt & Whitney Aircraft "ceiling and visibility unlimited" 
is not just an expression. For example, the President of our 
parent corporation joined P&WA only two years after receiv· 
ing an engineering degree. The preceding President, now 
Chairman, never worked for any other company. The eurrent 
President of P&WA started in our engineering department 
as an experimental engineer and moved up to his present 
position. In fact. the majority of our senior officers all have 
one thing in common - degrees in an engineering or 
scientific field . 
To insure CAVU·, we select our engineers and scientists 
carefully. Motivate them well. Give them the equipment and 
facilities only a leader can provide. Offer them company·paid, 
graduate education opportunities. Encourage them to push 
into fields that have not been explored before. Keep them 
reaching for a little bit more responsibility than they can 
manage. Reward them well when they do manage it. 
Your degree can be a B.S., M.S., or Ph.D. in: MECHANICAL • 
AERONAUTICAL • ELECTRICAL • CHEMICAL • CIVIL • 
MARINE • INOUSTRIAL ENGINEERING • PHYSICS • CHEM-
ISTRY • METALLURGY • MATERIALS SCIENCE • CERAM· 
ICS • MATHEMATICS • STATISTICS • COMPUTER SCI· 
ENCE • ENGINEERING SCIENCE· ENGINEERING MECHANICS. 
Consult your college placement officer - or write Mr. 
William l. Stoner, Engineering Department, Pratt & Whitney 
Aircraft, East Hartford, Connecticut 06108. 

CAVU. might ,Iso mean full utilization 01 your technical skills 
through a wide r,nge 01 ch,'lenging programs which Include jet 
engines for t)!e newest military and commerci.1 .ircr.ft, gls 
turbines for industrial and marine use, rocket enginn lor space 
programs, luel cells lor spHe vehicles .nd terrestrial usn, and 
other advanced systems. 

U 
OIVIIIIOr< 0" Ur<ITCO l=i"'A"T eo",pO"'ATION Pratt & Whitney Aircraft 

EAST HARTFORD AND MIDOLETOWN, CONNECTICUT 
WEST PALM BEACH , FLORIDA 

P •• e 4 Triton Times Januery 9,1970 

Muir to Grow 
Vegetables 

lIy AUlin H.itlnen 
Stiff Writ., 

There Is hope in the hearts of 
cynics for a beUer tomorrow 
on the Muir Campus. The possi-
bility of changing Muir College 
into a habitable place still ex-
ists. Yes, the ugly and cramped 
dirt spaces of Muir College may 
be changed into places of mira-
culous greenery. All this lies 
within the power and jurisdic-
tion of the members of the Muir 
commWllty. 

An explanation of this phenom-
enon is in order. Originally, a 
group of students asked Provost 
Stewart If they could grow their 
own vegetables on the grounds 
of Muir College. Stewart thought 
this was a great idea and rea-
soned that other s tudents might 
have good things in mind for the 
landscaping of Muir . 

Dr. Jack Bledinger then 
stepped in to aid in the organi-
zation of an unstructured, per-
manent committee to utilize the 
environmental creativity that is 
inherent in the Muir community. 
B1edinger called for a meeting 
of interested environmentalists 
at the UCSD Environmental Cen-
ter (the one-time P ran c i n g 
Pony). These dedicated students 
formed the Muir Ad Hoc Com-
mittee fo r Landscaping, which Is 
sponsored by Dean Batchelder. 

The MACL exists only to help 
set up a selt-perpetuating com-
mittee composed of Muir stu-
dents, staff and faculty which 
wlll serve as a clearinghouse 
of ideas for change or improve-
ment of the Muir environment. 
The ideas Cor change will come 
Crom the Muir community itself . 
Impossible as this might sound, 
it is an exciting and workable 
idea. 

For the very near future, the 
MACL has planned encounters 
between members of the Muir 
community and the UCSD archi-
tects and landscapers. Various 
topics will be covered, such as: 
the vegetable gardens, a sand-
box-playground, outdoor class-
rooms, chaparral area s, and 
open topics. Since the agenda 
is open, anyone can suggest a 
topic that appeals to him (hang-
ing gardens from 2A?). 

From these encounters, inter-
es ted people will be appointed 
by the community to head var-
ious committees on cam pu s 
which will study the specific 
problems involved in the design 
and execution of any idea. Those 
PE'Ople will work with the archi-
tects and landscapers, who have 
the technical knowledge for the 
implementation oC the ideas . 

This will br ing into existence 
a new way of creating. The peo-
ple who wi1llive and work around 
Muir will actually direct the na-
ture of their environment. For 
a long time the landscaping of 
the colleges has been left to the 
experts, without allowing for the 
desires oC the inhabitants. Now, 
the members of the community 
will have a greater say in the 
planning. 

The reasoning behind this is 
that the people who are skilled 
with the technical knowledge are 
paid to help the inhabitants im-
plement their desires. 

It is exciting that all the cre-
ativeness and force of the peo-
ple who live and work at Muir 
can be used to create a beauti-
ful place in which to live. All 
that is needed is people power. 

Likl to Rlld 1 

Book Rlvi.wer Wlnte" 
III Bill Alo.,lu 

Trito. Times 

by Steve lind .. Editor-in-Chiet 
It's not every day that a new college is created at 

UCSD. In fact, it's only happened twice before. In a 
five-hour meeting on Dec. 8, just as finals week got 
under way, the Academic Senate ran into some prob-
lems concerning the procedure to be followed in approv-
ing the Third College academic plan. When it was all 
over the plan had been approved, but not before some 
questions had been raised by Senate members, and the 

, fate of a controversial admissions section postponed 
until a special meeting which was held Tuesday. 

• At the Tuesday meeting the Senate approved an ad-
missions plan which calls for a change in traditional 
admissions procedure. The plan, in its final form, 
was somewhat different from the original admissions 
plan offered by Third College. 

The Dec. 8 meeting ' began with confusion over what 
was actually being voted upon, or if any vote need be 
taken at all. Although the senate is technically supposed 
to approve the creation of any new academic unit, those 
who had partiCipated in the planning of Revelle and Muir 
colleges recalled the tentative nature of their original 
academic plans. 

Some professors thought that the plan was not explicit 
enough. However, according to Chancellor McGill, Third 
College'S plan is approximately as precise as was the 
Muir plan. As for Revelle, it seems that its development 
was well underway before being brought before the Senate 

. for formal approval. "The academic plan of the college 
must be a living document," McGill stressed. 

Lengthy discussion centered around the CEP report, 
presented by Prof. Frank Halpern, chairman of the com-
mittee. It is standard pol icy for this group to review 
any academic plan before it Is submitted to the Senate, 
and CEP had just concluded several weeks of hearings 
on the plan. Their comments and recommendations were 
presented in a separate document. 

The report expressed a sort of reserved optimism. 
Referring to the education of minority students , it 
recognized that /I the University of California has not 
met this objective up to the present time," but al so 

Take a 
business man 

to lunch 

and talk Peace. The businessman 
might be your father ; or somebody 
trying to recruit you. 
Men of B. E. M. have marched side 
by side with you in Washington, 
in San Francisco. 
We have been outspoken and direct : 
" Stop it. Now." 
We need more business execut ives 
to amplify our voices - yours and ours. 
Help us recruit. Why not 
give this coupon to a 
businessman? Help him 
fill it out. It takes guts. 
We know. 
BUSINESS EXECUTIVES MOVE ................ 
For Vietnam Peace. 

BUSINESS EXECUTIVES MOVE For Vietnam Peace 
2080 Century Park East, Suite 201 
Los Angeles , California 90067 

Third College Plans 
Approved by Senate 

Admissions Plan Modified 
expressed "very considerable reservations about the 
details of the core program as presently formulated ." 

Because of these doubts CEP recommended that Third 
College not be constrained by a "programmed growth 
rate." Halpern suggested that a higher faculty-student 
ratio might be necessary, and that if a crisis arose 
Fourth College might have to be started early. Dr. 
William Frazier, acting provost of Third College, re-
sponding to this , made it clear that the college "has 
ever)' intention of growing at its program med rate." 

There was considerable disagreement concerning what 
should be done with the CEP report. Many wanted 
it incorporated into the academic pian before forward-
ing it to the Regents, but Frazier and others objected 
that this would weaken their case. An amendment that 
would have done this was defeated in a writterrballot 
by a vote of 108-33. 

However, since Senate sentiment in favor of the report 
was still strong, it wa s finally agreed to forward the 
report to the Regents separately. McGlll recommended . 
this action, stating that it wouid probli.bly help his case 
with the Regents. With this proviso having been added 
the motion to approve the Third Colle6e academic plan 
carried by a vote of 114-14, with four abstentions. 

The Senate then went into a committee of the whole 
to discuss the proposed admissions policy, perhaps 
the most controversial portion of the Third College 
proposal. It is also the principle that is conSidered 
by many Third College planners to be the crux of the 
plan. 

This policy, which would probably be the most difficult 
to get past the Regents, proposes a departure from cur-

rent UC admissions standards. Third College Is dp.. 
signed to educate minority students whom, it Is fel • 
are systematically excluded from the university as L 
result of these standards. Because of poor high school 
preparation minority students do not have the GPA 
(grade point average) or other qualifications. 

To counteract this a new mj!3.sure of achievement 
is proposed : Background Motivation and Persistence 
Average (BMPA). This rating, on a scale of 0 to 4, 
would be determined by a student-faculty committee 
and compared with the student's GPA. Another measure, 
the Reference Average (RA) would be determined from 
an evaluation of the references a student gives. 

The three proposals presented to the Senate utilized 
these measures in different ways. The CEP report and 
the report of the Admissions Committee modified the 
formula by which the General Admissions Average (GA A) 
was to be determined from the three other variables . 
They also proposed that 50 per cent of the college's 
entrants be admitted by normal channels, ostensibly 
to create a control group to determine the success of 
the new admissions plan . 

Provost Frazier was somewhat critical of the modi-
rications suggested by the two committees. "You' re say-
ing that we sort of like the admissions variance, so why 
don't you take half. 

Prof. Watson, advisor to BSC and one who has been 
intimately involved in Third College planning, stated 
that he would be disappointed if many of the college's 
entrants turned out to be formall y admissible by cur-
rent standards. He said that the college was not trying 
to play musical chairs with minority students around 
the state, but was consciousiy aiming itself at those 
who would normally be denied admission. 

Chancellor McG1l1 foreshadowed what could be the 
greatest obstacle when and if the Senate approves the 
admissions va r I a n c e--the Coordinating Council fo r 
Higher Education (CCHE). This body attempts to carry 
out the s tate's Master Plan for Higher Education. 
According to current policy the students who would 
be admitted to Third College would normally be ear-
marked for the state's junior colleges, or perhaps 
state colleges. 

1Jlfi€ VlliliAG€ C€liliAR 
Presents The Fabulous 

C.C. JONES 
has been playing to 
capacity crowds at 

C.C. JClN€S 

the VILLAGE CELLAR! ........... _ 
Be sure to see this exciting personality, 

I want to add my voice to BUSiness Executives Move For Vietnam Peace 
enclosed . my supporting check . 

his band and his show ... Mondays, Tuesdays and 
Wednesday . .. 8:30 and 10:30 with an extra show 
at 12:30 Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays .... 
DANCING NIGHTLY beginning at 8 pm. No cover -
no minimum. Enjoy a gourmet dinner at the new 
VILLAGE INN .. . THEN SEE ONE OF THE GREAT-
EST SHOWS IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA at the 
VILLAGE CELLAR 

$10 0 $25 0 $50 0 $100 0 

(for dinner and show reservations call 453-5500) 
ADDRESS 

CITY • • ZIP CODE STATE ~ 
OFLA JOLLA TIM HARDIN 

Jan. 24th U(SD LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE AT INTERSTATE 5 
Triton Times Juulry 9,1910 Pa •• 5 



IltlTttltlAL 
Peace Officers?' 

The commercial press is bemoaning Spiro Agnew's attacks 
on freedom of the press of late, and his antics are indeed ludi-
crous. But the N.Y. TIMES doesn't have to worry about being 
run out of business. The Underground press, on the other hand, 
does, and many are not so quick to come to their defense. 

What is happening to the STREET JOURNAL (formerly the 
SAN DIEGO FREE PRESS) has serious implications, not only 
for the media, but for freedom in general. The STREET JOURNAL 
has been stepping on some toes of late--Muckraking, it's called, 
and pressure is being brought to bear upon it under very unusual 
circumstances. 

The escalation in attacks on the JOURNAL came after extensive 
articles on San Siego bigwigs--developer Alessio brothers, con-
tractor Roscoe Hazard, and finally banker C. Arnholdt Smith. 
We would not car e to venture a guess as to the truth of all the 
allegations, but suffice it to say that the Smith article was based 
mainly on an article in the Wall street Journal which carefully 
detailed Mr. Smith's dealings. 

The JOURNAL alleges that Smith, enraged by this article, has 
plotted with James C. Copley, deacon of the San Diego Union, to 
crush the Journal. They cite, a sympathetic source in the Smith 
household. 

While we do not doubt that Smith/Copley would like to see the end 
of the JOURNAL, it is pr emature to actually accuse them of com-
mitting larcenous acts.Conversations with the JOUR AL stl.ff, 
however, indicate that they feel this may be the case. 

However, what seems blatantly evident is the role the San Diego 
police have played in this matter. It seems quite well documented 
that police surveillance of the JOURNAL office has been extensive . 
The police have been playing the Dick Tracy game par excellence. 
Furthermore, every type of building inspector has been trooping 
through the JOURNAL offices; a team of detectives even made a 
detailed floor plan. 

Yet, in spite of this protection, the vandals who assaulted the 
JOURNAL office were able to break in and steal 2500 paper s , 
the office has been riddled with bullets and $4,000 worth of damage 
has been inflicted on equipment. In the latest of this string of at-
tacks , the car of a staff member was incinerated. 

And where were our peace officers while all this was going on? 
Well, after the $4,000 affair occurred last Friday morning, the lone 
patrolman who came out to investigate told the JOURNAL that a 
fingerprint man couldn't come out until Monday--not until a lawyer 
called the City Attorney, that ls. Then it only took two hours. 

IN ADDITION TO THESE SINS OF OMISSION, THE POLICE MAY 
ALSO HAVE PLAYED AN ACTIVIST ROLE. The Journal claims 
that while they were trying to find a new office prospective landlords 
were being approached by a detective Jack Pierson and told not 
to rent to them. One such landlord who told Pierson to get lost 
was arrested on a charge of murder December 28. Arrested in 
spite of the fact that he came nowhere near fitting the description 
of the killer. 

Then there is another incident in which a fund-raising coctail 
party for the Journal was busted for selling liquor without a permit 
in what appears to be an obvious case of arbitrary enforcement. 

We could go on, but you really ought to pick up a copy of the recent 
issues of the San Diego STREET JOURNAL, especially the 
issues of the San Diego STREET JOURNAL, especially the Dec. 
12-'8 issue, for more details. 

Meanwhile the police issue no denials . They have been extremely 
uncommunicative to us in attempts we made to question about tbe 
charges. 

The Underground press today is playing an increasingly impor-
tant role, especially in cities with newspaper monopolies such as 
San Diego. The proof of their effectiveness, regrettably, is what has 
befallen them. The JOURNAL is cektainly not a great fan oC the san 
Die go Police Department and it may be strange to look to them tor 
protection, but that's what it's all about, baby. In a "free society" 
the rules say that dissent is supposed to be "tolerated" by those 
who feel its brunt. 

The STREET JOURNAL needs the support of the community in 
its current struggle. As they say in leaflets now being dlst ributed 
on campus, 4,000 people, a dollar a person is all it takes to replace 
their damaged equipment. Contributions should be sent to: SAN DIEGO 
STRLET JOURNAL. 360 5th Street, San Diego, 92101. 

EDITOR-IN-CffiEF 
Steve Landau 

NEWS EDIr R 
Roger Sh01 /ley 

FEAT URE EDITOR 
Ray Seave ··s 

ARTS EDI' ''OR 
Bill Alaog:u 

SPORTS EJITOR 
Steve Doncb 

MANAGlNG EDITOR 
Haywood Gammon 

COpy EDITOR 
Chuck Graham 

A nVF:RTISlNG MANAGER 
Chela Wakefield 

PHOTO EDITOR 
Mark Trilling 

WRITING STAFF 
Raoul Contreras 
Rich Heim Iich 
Aileen Heitenan 
Kathy Janssen 
Portia LaTouche 
Jim MaGill 

PRODUCTION STAFF 
Kim Alexander 

ASSOC. NEWS EDITOR 
Paul Emus 

Bob Schwartz 
Molly Selvin 
Jim Sills 
Tom Shepard 

Karen Glick 
Holly Hanes 
Mike Klayer 
Beth Lyons 
Mary Miller 
Dave Stearns 
PHOTOGRAPHERS 
Dave Wallace 
Clark W1lson 

P ••• I Triton Times Jenu.ry 9,1910 

RESEARCH DffiECTOR 
Joel Goodman 
GRAPHIC ARTIST 
Rob Coben 
ARTS WRITERS 
Jeff Fried 
Larry Johnson 
Paul Hamburg 
John Moore 

LIrTEIS' 
Environmental Teach-in Planned 

Plans are now well underway for a nationwide 
Teach-In next spring on Wednesday, April 22, on 
the grave crisis lacing the quality ot life in Amer-
ica today. 

A national headquarters and staff to organize, 
coordinate, and service this effort is now estab-
lished in Washington. The address is Room 600, 
2100 "M" Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20037. 

The aim of the national Teach-In is to encourage 
students across the country to take the initiative in 
organizing Apr1l22 environmental teaCh-ins on their 
campuses, and associated efforts in their communi-
ties. 

Successful teach-ins on all campuses on the same 
day will have a dramatic impact on theenvironmen-
tal conscience of the nation. They will be immensely 
effective as an educational effort in arousing pub-
lic opinion concerning necessary steps to protect 
our environment and establish quality on a par 
with the quantity as a goal of American life. 

There is no question that in the long run, the 
environmental challenge is the greatest faced by 
mankind. Distinguished scientific authorities have 
been warning for years that mankind is rapidly 
destroying the very habitat on which he depends for 
his survival. 

In addition, population continues to increase 
world-wide, while scientists warn that we mayha.ve 
already passed sustainable popuition levels. All 
across the country, and worldwide, increasingnum-
bers of citizens are voicing the same intense con-
cern as has been so eloquently expressed by eco-
logists and other environmentalists. 

Yet, many ar e still not aware of theenvironmen-
tal problems being created by our advancing tech-
nology. Federally-financed projects such as the 
supersonic transport plane, raise grave questions 
about possible new environmental dangers. Many 
respected scientists and national leaders have 
indicated that although some positive steps have been 
taken, tOXiC, pers istent pesticides are still accumu-
lating in the world environment, wreaking destruc-
tion on fish and wildlife and threatening man him-
self. Is the pr ice we pay for these products in terms 
of their effect upon our environment worth the 
benefits we obtain from them? 

The pollution of our rIvers and lakes, and of the 
air in our urban areas, continues to accelerate. 
Suburban sprawl continues to destroy vast scenic 
and recreational resources, with little thought being 
given to tbe creation of workable environments . 
And the mUlions trapped in our urban and rural 
ghettos continue to s uffer the worst of the massive 
air, water, land and noise pollution. 

Who wlll finally bear the brunt of this tragic Irre-
sponsibl11ty? The ans wer:the new generation now in 
school, the generation which will soon inherit the 
world and its environment. The time has come for 
all citizens to begin thinking about the basic Ques-
tions raised by technological advances and environ-
mental degradation. 

Students in America and the world, who are deep-
ly concerned with the hard choices their generation 
faces , are uniquely well s uited to take initiatives 

in exploring with all citizens the problems created 
by man's growing impact upon his environment. 

We believe the national Teach-In next April 22 
provides students the opportunity to accomplish this 
objective. Hundreds of teaCh-ins on that day would 
bring together, for the fir st time on a national scale, 
the many young people who are already concerned 
about the environment, and would involve and edu-
cate many more as well. 

In addition to bringing this widespread involve-
ment, the teach-ins would present information, 
draw the issues, stimulate plans for action,andde-
monstrate the strength of the desire for a livable 
world. 

Furthermore, the environmental teach-ins pre-
.sent an unprecedented opportunity tor the involve-
ment by student initiative of communities, organi-
zations, leaders, and concerned citizens of all gene-
rations in a common, non- partisan. effort to solve 
a problem of far-reaching consequence. 

Thus, we are writing this letter to urge tt.at all 
campuses in America participate in a broad-based 
student-led teach in effort, involving all concerned 
individuals and groups . 

Already, the student r esponse to this idea has 
been one of overwhelming support, and a number 
of campuses are now well Into the process of plan-
ning April 22 teach-ins. 

At the University of Michigan, a mass meeting 
was called recently by an ad hoc student committee 
to plan a teach-in. More than 350 people showed 
up, and the plan is now well underway. University 
oppicials and faculty were also contacted by the 
students for their support and advice, a s tep which 
we believe is important tor successful teach-ins. 

One of the projects now being planned preparatory 
to the University of Michigan event is a comprehen-
sive inventory of environmental problems in that 
area. 

Similar inventories tor other teach-ins around 
the country would be educational and practical and 
would provide the teach-ins themselves with spe-
cific eltamples oUocal environmental problems nee-
ding immediate attention. 

The University of Michigan students have sent 
us a memorandum on how they have developed their 
plan. We enclose a copy of the memorandum for the 
consideration of other campuses as tbey develop 
their own plans lor April 22 teach-ins. 

We look forward to the April 22 event and ask 
your support. We are convinced that, if young peo-
ple put their energy, imaglnaton and idealism to 
work on this issue, they will help write a bright 
ne chapter in the struggle for a livable world. 

If you want more information, or if we can be of 
assistance, please contact the National Teach-In 
office: Environmental Teach-In, Inc., Room 600, 
2100 M street, N.W., Washington, D.C., 20037. The 
telephone number is 202-293-6960. 

sincerely yours, 
GAYLORD NELSON 

U.S.Senator (Wis.) 
PAUL N. MC CLOSKEY 
U.S. Congressman (Calif.) 

DOUGLAS SCOTT 
student 
Univ. 01 Michigan 
Ann Arbor, Mich. 

" ,. ~ 

•• 

.. 

, II · 

• 

.• 

The Rude Awakening 

McGill Sees Major Changes 
fo r Ed ucation in Seventies 

lIy CII.lc.lI" Willi •• McGill 
No one who has lived through the 1960s dares to 

make predictions with any assurance. The 1960s began 
with the youthful president and the bright promise of 
a golden era that somehow distracted us from the seeds 
of conflict within ourselves. The decade ended on a note 
of serious concern about the quality 01 American lile 
and about our basic values. We had conquered space 
and put men on the moon, but we could not extract 
ourselves from Viet Nam, or deal with increasingly 
restive minorities and growing signs of backlash . And 
at the end of the decade the bright promise and the young 
president were both gone. 

At least we are wiser than we were in 1960. We do 
not now delude ourselves about the nature ot the prob-
lems our society faces. Apart from this rude awakening 

- to a troubled America which almost every sensitive 
person now feels, I have experienced another awakening 
to fundamental problems in our colleges and universities . 

It would be difficult for a university' chancellor to 
avoid such sensitization because there are innumerable 
signs of strain on campus. American graduate and 
professional schools continue to be among the best in 
the world. They remain on the cutting edge ot knowledge 
and methodology. Our high schools and primary schools, 
on the other hand, are the products 01 a highly pro-
fessionalized system that responds very slowly to edu-
cational change. Accordingly a very large gap has opened 
up between what we regard as necessary to do original 
and creative work and the knowledge that a typical college 
freshman brings with him. We have to close that gap, 
and the strains are being felt increasingly by students, 
faculty, and administration. We are also recognizing 
our obligation to educate young people hitherto syste-
matically excluded from the benefits of society. These 
demands further increase the strain. 

Universities are being driven by imperatives that they 
do not fully understand and cannot tully control. The ex-
tension of the borders of our knowledge is imperative. 
Training students to cope with the demands of an in-
creasingly sophisticated technology is an imperative. 
The need to correct society' s inequities via education 
'IS an Imperative. All these Imperatives taken together 
spell out the need for a basic reconceptualization of 
higher learning; for university reform. OUr typical 
response, as every student knows, is to pile one re-
quirement atop another in order to avoid basic changes 
whose full consequences we cannot forecast. The result 
is that the whole system of higher education is showing 
signs of breaking down under the sheer weight of educa-
tional demands as they have developed since the war and 
at an accelerating pace in the 1960s. 

••••••••• 
One of the striking consequences of the advance of 

technology has been a remarkable change in the lile-style 
of young people. Some writers call thischange"extended 
adolescence," but in essence the phenomenon means that 
more and more time is required for the education of the 
capable young people who are to be the leaders and opera-
tors of our society. IWhereas only fifty years ago it was 
expected that a large majority of young men would enter 
useful occupations when they were roughly sixteen to 
eighteen years of age, and whereas young women werll 

·expected to marry them soon thereafter, it is apparenf 
that the demands of the modern technological society 
require a very different pattern . An increasing segment 
of the population is being drawn into higher education. 

·We now find it necessary to establish low cost public 
-higher education as an integral part of our society. In' 
fact, we design almost all the incentives for our young 
people in such a way as to encourage delayed entry into 
the work force In favor of increased education . 

The general effect of this extended period of higher 
education has been the buildup ot a large group of young 
people who are in limbo. They arenot children. They are 
not yet responsible and productive members of society. 
They are trainees undergoing a long and arduous appren-
ticeship with reward only dimly visible far ahead. There 
must be a conscious sense of non-participation about 
much of this prolonged adolescence. Thus our colleges 
and universities seem to be building up a self-contained 
cultural phenomenon that is in many ways a negative 
'reaction to our technology. We are seeing that one of the 
unexpected developments of an autoJllated society is a 
orofound change in the life-style of many young people 
and the development of an encapsulated youth culture 
with its own system of values and rewards. Many young 
people want to Identify with one another as antagonists 
of the mM card. They want to search for new and 
transcendental experiences with one another . They strive 
for honesty of feeling and expreSSion, Identifying con-
ventionality as . one of the dehumanizing effects of the 
hated technology. 

It Is In t ere s t1 n g that this gap is not so m u c h a 
generation gap as 'lt is a gap between the colleges and the 
rest of society. We speak of the generation gap in a kind 
of shorthand to express the divisions and attitudes and 
life-style between the adults, well established segments 
of American life on the one hand, and the new youth 
culture on the other. But it appears that universities 
have become the focal point for sustenance of attitudes 
and life-styles associated with a youth culture hostile 

to science and technology. Universities now include in-
creasing numbers of alienated students who remain on 
campus primarily because the automated state provides 
little else they can do unless they wish to accept the con-
ventionality of lower level occupations. Some are drop-
outs from science. others are young people deeply at 
odds with the goals and directions of American society. 
They concentrate in the humanities and social s cience 
areas. One of the most remarkable developments of the 
1960s has been the drift away from science and the growth 
ot interest and enrollment in humanities and social 
science. 

••••••••• 
The youth culture manifests astonishing new tastes in 

dress, drugs, and rock music . Whenever Book at a young 
fellow sporting granny glasses, a drooping moustache, 
shoulder length hair, and wearing rough blue work 
clothes, I wonder how he can be attractive to women. 
Yet when I talk to the girls on campus there is not the 
slightest doubt. It is apparent that many of these young 
boys and girls in long hair and rough clothes are attempt-
ing to establish an impression of themselves as romantic 
vagabonds. They reject even symbolic connection with the 
affluence from which they come, and seek lnstead to show 
solidarity with the ostracized and the downtrodden. 

I am equally struck by the students' search for new 
s ensations and transcendental experience. Experimenta-
tion with drugs has become a dangerously important 
aspect of the campus scene. Although not so widely 
discussed, there is an equally deep need for intense 
group experience. The bull sessions of a more naive 
and simplistic era have given way to explorations with 
encounter groups in sensitivity training bordering on deep 
psychotherapeutic experience. There seems to be a 
feeling among students that this type of group probing on 
the edge of unexplored emotional territory produces 
transcendental liberating experiences. It expunges ~ 
·ups; it exorcizes r~cism; it deepens human feelings ; 
. and of course it produces a sense of mutual identifica-
tion with a movement to throw oft the shyness and inhibi-
tions that young people almost always feel. 

I have often speculated during the last two years as 
to why there seems to be such a profound need for the 
transcendental liberating experiences of the youth cul-
ture. The music, the drugs, the intense group process all 
point to this need. Why is it there? It resembles some 
forms of mysticism, and apparently the leaders of the 
youth culture are profoundly taken with such mysticism. 
My own leeling Is the transcendental experience Is so 
popular with the youth culture because or its anti-
rational characteristics. The automated technology Is 
identified with planning, organization, and cold rationa-
lity. If the youth culture rejects these organizing princi-
ples because they are overly inhibiting then itfollows that 
irrationality, mysticism, and transcendental experience 
become symbols of the rejection and vital goals in and 
of themselves .• 

These are some ot the things that I have learned durlng 
the last decade. University systems which seek to drive 
students to unprecedented intellectual efforts without 
making the 100ric of such efforts abundanUy'Clear, without 
offering signs of success and r ewa rd along the way, with-
out redigesting ancient curricula, have themselves helped 
to contribute to the expansion of anti-intellectualism 
within the universities. • 

At tile beginning of tile decade just concluded I sub-
scribed to the point of view that a fa cuI ty of the university 
was the university . Now, as I watch the strains and in-
adequacies of modern universities alienating students in 
substantial numbers, I have finaUy come to a genuine 
appreciation of the obvious principle that no university 
can function without students. The heart of our lives is 
the self-renewal and the infused vitality that comes with 
each new student generation. For a very long time we 
perSisted in our aristocratic attitude that students would 

>always come to us. Now we find, indeed, that they ar e 
comlng to us but that they are seeking to change us in 
ways that are both attractively idealistic and occasionally 
demanding. This generation of students will not simply 
follow us, nor will it let us ignore them. 

In the coming decade I see a marked transformation 
of the university from a faculty- centered institution to a 
student- centered institution. It is already ha~entngand I 
am confident that the trend will continue. Many facuIty 
and administrators are beginning to recognize the signifi-
cance of the phenomena I have outlined above and are 
seeking ways to capture the idealism of the new youth 
culture while diminishing its anti-rational characteris-
tics. This requires more than mere attention to student 
attitudes, problems, and needs. It means that we need 
to come to a deeper understanding of the processes at 
work within our social structure and the consequent de-
mands these make on higher education. My conjecture 
is that the generation gap wUl be closing in the 1970s 
as our understanding of the phenomena of the generation 
gap begins to be converted into sounder educational prac-
tice, newer and more vital univerSities. The 1970s will 
see educational reform of a scope and magnitude unpre-
cedented in the history ot higher education in this country. 
All signs point to it. The logic of our problems suggests 
it. The troubles of our era demand it. 

We are moving into a decade which may witness the 
beginning of major new forms of educational machinery. 
Universities may contract around upper division, grad-

. uate and professional studies. We may see the birth of 
entirely new types of academic programs with 5p.:,,;al 
campuses to serve them as we seek to develop general 
education programs more relevant and effective than 
those now offe red in lower division. I would not be sur-
prised to see such "general-education campuses" offer-
ing three-year degree programs by the 1980s, and I would 
not be the least surprised to see certain bright and well -
qualified young high school students bypassing them com-
pletely and moving directly into upper division university 
level programs by the end of this decade. 

Prediction is nazardous. It is the stuff out of wh ich 
dreams and nightmares are made. Whatever happens in 
this new decade, it is certain that the students and their 
problems are going to lead the way. 

IF YOU WANT TO LEAD 
IF YOU WANT TO MANAGE 

JF YOU WANT OPPORTUNITIES 
UNLIMITED 

THE GRADUATE SCHOOL OF 
BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION 

UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA 
" MANAGEMENT EDUCATION FOR 

CREATIVE LEADERSHIP OPEN 
TO PEOPLE WITH ANY MAJOR" 

SEE MR . BEN GRECO,DIRECTOR OF ADMISSIONS 
February 17 

CONTACT PLACEMENT OFFICE 



/ 

ossibilities 
rock material, wlI~ive a single 
performance at 8:30 p.m. In the 
Gymnasium, 50~. THE AltTI (Editor's note: This colurr,n I I:; a regular feature of the Tn-too Times, incorporating m~ter­

\al that the Arts staff consider s 
of interest to the campus com-
munlty. The section entitled ' 'On 
Tap" will become a weeklyaddi-
tion (written by various hacks 
from the ASUCSD). 

(Any release material that you 
feel should be included in this 
column and, for that matter, in 
any section of the newspaper, 
should be submitted, typewritten 
and double-spaced, to the Triton 
Times Office, 117 Blake Hall, 
Revelle.) 

Poetic Conflux 
Two San F ran ci s co poets, 

Harvey Bialy and Ken Irby, will 
read their work at a joint read-
ing to be given in the informal 
lounge on the Revelle Campus 
at 4 p.m . Monday, Jan. 12 . This 
reading will be the fourth in a 

Harvey lHaly, (sun 2 degrees , 
Gemini, moon 28 degrees Libra, 
Scorpfo rising, Neptune at mld-
heaven) wUl read his poe try in 
the continuing poetr y series on 
campus.:: . 
series sponsored by the Poet 
Conflux, the Literature Depart-
ment and the Arts and Lectures 
Com:rllttee. The readings will 
extend through the winter quarter 
and will include many of the 
well-known younger San Fran-
cisco poets. 

j';. .. r·;cy Bialy is the author of 
two books, "Love's Will" and 

/ "The Geronimo Poem." He is 
currently work ing on a trans-
lation of Homer's "Odyssey;" 
"Babalon" (a collection of poems 
from 1967-69); and "The Mo-
lecular Basis of Change" (an 
exammation of the "I Ching" 
and Its isomorphism to the book 
of the gene, DNA). He says that 
the principal influences on his 
work have been Robert Kelly 
and Kenneth Anger (c reator of 
the film " Scorpio Rising") . Ac-
cording to Bialy, he writes poems 
for the same reasons he eats. 

Ken Irhy writes of himself: 
"I have been most influenced--
my sense of the possible in 
... ~ntr" h? c; bl'!en most expanded--
by kn~wing Edward Dorn, Robert 
Creeley, and Robert Duncan. I 
think of my work now as eco-
logical in the broadest and the 
most specific sense to rr ake 
the house where I (we) nay 
live; particularly, in my own 

case, in attention to the specifics 
of the vegetation lived among." 
Irby is the author of several 
boo k s including: "The Road-
runner" " Kansas-New Mexi-

, I " co" "Movements Sequences, 
and "The Flower of H a v In g 
Passed Through Paradise in a 
Dream." 

Other poets who will be read-
ing in the series include: 

Tom C I ark, whose elegant 
poetry bears a resemblance to 
John Ashberry's. 

Sidney Goldfarb, whose work 
has been highly praised by Rob-
ert Lowell and David Antin. 

Richard Tillinghast, a reflec-
tive, almost elegiac poet with a 
relaxed conversational tone. 

The times and dates of these 
readings will be announced later. 

This series should be both in-
teresting and exciting, as well as 
r epresentative of the work cur-
rently being done on the West 
Coast. After a long period of 
inactivity, it is hoped that these 
readings will stimulate the pro-
duct'ion of interesting and varied 
writing on this campus. 

On Tap On Campus 
Coffee Hut: Well, you missed 

"Sinbad the Sailor" last Wednes-
day but fo rtunately, we have 
another thr iller, "Cat Women of 
the Moon," next Wednesday in 
our on-going series of B pictures 
and other losers . As the cata-
logue says, " When a rocket ship 
reaches the moon, the scientists 
e n co unter the d ead ly ca t 
women." 

Tonight and Saturday night, 
fr om 9 p.m. until midnight, J ack 
Tempchin, folk s inger and gui-
tarist, will perform. His credits 
include The Candy Company and 
The Heritage. He plays and sings 
his own material. 

Watch for the first AS fr ee 
concert on Jan. 17, featur ing 
Ralph (no explanation needed--
they' re gr ea to and Bu ffalo 
Crotch, a funky country rock 
group, popular at The White 
Whale. Also appearing will be 
Pat Moss, a local folk singer 
who digs Judy Collins and Jonl 
Mitchell. Watch for the return 
of Penrod in Februar y, and Tim 
Hardin on Jan. 24 . 

Saturday, Jan , 10, Clabe Han-
gan, folk singer .:.nd guitarist 
who plays and composes folk-

"Say: All 
are created 

by God." 
BAHA 'U'LLAH 

fOUNDER, BAHA'I fAITH 

755-1701 
l iterat ure is ava ilabl e a nd 
informa l fires ide d iscuss ions 
are he ld freque ntly . 

FOR YOUR BEAUTY SUPPLIES 
Sea,u/4't4 

BEAUTY STC,RES 
Spec ial Di s coun :s with 

Student Card 

Cla i roil -Laoinal 
Roux -Br eck 

Engl i sh Leathe r 
Ozon-He 11 ite 

Old Spice-Redkin 

DIA.·E SHOPP!.·G CE. 'TER 
4702 CLAIREMO'-T MESA TlLVD. 
272-3242 

COSMI!TICS 
SHAMPOOS 
TINTS 

WAVES 
R SPRAYS 

WIGS 
WIG SUPPLIES 
GIFTS 

U~IVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOPPING CE:-ITER 
39 79 GOHRr-iOR DR. 
4G3-0261 

Ptge 8 Triton Times Jeonry 9,1970 

I 

I 
I 
I , 

I 
l 

Tonight, the AS Film Series 
presents' 'One Eyt!uJacks," WhJ 
Marlon Brando. 

Grateful DIad Lir. 
The New Year's concert scene 

begins on Jan . 10, at the Conven-
tion Center, with one of the aU-
time great San Francisco groups, 
the Grateful Dead. They will be 
joined in concert oy two out-
standing groups: Savoy Brown, 
a noted English blues group, and 
Aum, a hard-driving West Coast 
band. 

The concert begins at 8 p.m.; 
a ticket to the concert secures an 
upholstered seat in the Con-
course Convention Center and 
over three hours of fine music. 
Magna Productions, the concert's 
producers, have arranged for a 
'special sound system, tailored 
to the specifications of the Grate-
ful Dead. Tickets, which are 
$3.50, $4, and $4.50, may be 
purchased at the Civic Theater 
Box Office, and all Highlander 
and Metro ticket agencies. For 
ticket information, please phone 
236-6510. 

S.D. Rates Its Wat.r 
A family of A merican tourists 

forced to hide in the American 
embassy behind the Iron Curtain, 
provides the comic ingredients 
for " Don' t Drink the Water." 
The Woody Allen comedy will be 
performed on stage at the Old 

FELLINI'S 8 1 i ACADEMY 
AWARD WINNER! 9:15 only 

AND LA STRADA 
ACADEMY AWARD WINNER! 1: 15 on ly 

ACADE1\CY 
3721 UNIVERSnV AVE 284 1000 

Globe The a t r e, Balboa Park, 
nightly except Monday, through 
Feb. 8. 

Chased by Communist secret 
police for taking forbidden photo-
graphs of missile installations, 
the family seeks asylum in the 
American embassy. Proclaiming 
their innocence, they decide to 
use American Ingenuity in an 
attempt to escape their predica-
ment. 

Students through college may 
purchase tickets to "Don't Drink 
the Water" for $1.50 each to any 
performance ex c e p t Saturday 
nights or special performances. 
This is a 40 per cent saving oft 
the regular ticket price. 

Cinematics 
"In the Year of the Pig" will 

be shown Sunday by the Viet Nam 
Moratorium Com mit tee. The 
"Harvard Crimson" described 
the film as "much more than a 
collage of ~ignant footage. It Is 
a document oC what is happening 
this very minute in our heads 
and someplace not so far away." 

Admission is 60 cents for stu-

FL ASH GORDON - Chapl . , 41 

THE As nONAUn • MOON · H A"S 

IN' UGUR Al ION • • PA INTER'S JOU~N'L 
~OUNDT~ACK • ~ITA AND OUNDI 

KING KONG CUTS • TRIPOD Fl l " 

dents and serVicemen, and $1. for 
all others. 

"The Sterile Cuckoo" is still 
playing at local houses in the 
area. Do not miss it, if at all 
possible. Liza Minnelll is out-
standing in the leading role. 

Medium Cool. •. coming Jan. 14 
to the Unicorn. Really great flick. 
Television is the subject, news 
reporting in particular. (J.F.) 

Non-Antiques 
Tapestries, designed by 28 of 

America's major contemporary 
artists, will occupy the galleries 
of the La Jolla Museum of Art 
during the month of January. 

The' 'Contemporary American 
Tapestries" exhibition, consist-
ing of 28 huge tapestries ranging 
in sizes up to sixteen feet wide, 
will open at the museum on 
Friday, Jan. 9. 

A free, public gallery tour of 
the tapestry exhibition will be 
conducted at 2 p.m. on Sunday, 
Jan. 11, by the museum's Cura-
tor of Education, Mrs. Frances 
Preisman. 

TA~z;.N C~APTE~' 

f~OS IN PARADO~ 
A I'IItS~ed "'" ... , uNt' .... , lhe 
yoor'lg 91t! .~ ,he (.0" ' ..... . . . 
notMr Old .. ,1 PI on • b.,rony 
ovettooku'9 II\t scene Aftd.1I ,n, 

~f'I .r. I\Ing 11'O '" c- tn 

UM8U 

THE TEHI'EST 
" 'mAges of hors.' In I corr" 
e't<1fonlc.ll y ~nloul.11td 

WOULD YOU LIKE TO 
BECOME A MINISTER? 

ORDINATION is without question and for life. LEGAL in 

all 50 states and most foreign countries. Perform legal 

marriages , ordinations, and funerals. Rec1eve discounts 

on some fares. Over 265,000 ministers have already been 

ordained. Minister 's credentials and license sent; an or-

dainment certificate for framing and an ID card for your 

billfold. We need your help to cover m2,lling, handling, 

and administration costs . Your generous contribution is 

appreC iated. ENC LOSE A FREE WILL OFF ERING. 

Write to: UNIVERSAL LIFE CHURCH 

BOX 8071 

FT. LAUDERDALE, FLORIDA 33314 

• 

I 

criticjsm-film, 

It 
Takes 
.More · 
Than, 
Money 

"The Refver." gbes steve IIcQlleea a role aat salts 
him tperfectly, continuing at tt'e , Cinema Grossmont. 

by Jeff Fried. Arts Writer Peter o"l'oole Is ·'Mr. Chips," but his 'face quivers 
just a littie too mUCh. now at the Pacific Cinerama 

"Goodbye, Mr. Chips" Is a school song, and even that is 
pretty movie; "Goodbye, Mr. probably questionable as I have 
Chips" is a sad movie; "Good- a weakness for emotional little 
bye, Mr , Chips" is a happy melodies. By far the outstanding 
movie; but unfortunately it is a feature oC the film was the photo-
movie that never comes alive. graphy. The "Metrocolor" color 
Peter O'Toole Is Mr. Chips and process was outstanding, and the 
at first seems perfectly right, settings and camera angles used 
but as the film wears on, you far outshone the material. The 
begin to wonder if perhaps his effect as a whole was extremely 
face quivers just a little too pleasing to the eye. 
much. Petula Clark also, at first The song that I mentioned, the 
glance, seems the perfect wife, school song, had these lyrics : 
but again as the film progresses W1l1 I be Brave 
she begins to get a little too and Strong 
sweet for my taste. In my opin- and True? 
ion the problem in the film is .. Mr. Chips" almost reaches the 
that something is missing. I felt first two standards, but never ap-
sad at the "sad" parts and happy proaches the third. 
at the "happy" parts but I never rn contrast to the lack o! rt!31 
became involved; I never lost people in "Mr. Chips" we can 
my sense of detachment. "Mr. be thankful for the genius ofwn-
Chips" is a picture that keeps Ham Faulkner. Mr . Faulkner, in 
the viewer at arm's length; i "The Reivers," touctJes his 
stimulates without really touch- characters with some special 
ing. magic that turns them into flesh-

"Mr. Chips" is touted as a mu- and-blood people. 
sical but only in the loosest When the film started I was sens~. The only song that I on the defensive. The film is set 
though had any merit was the in Mississippi in the year 1905, 

criticism-opera 

Labors of Love 
Ity lIny Johnson. Arts Wrj tlf 

Love! Love is theonly thing worthwhile and the ultimate driving 
force of the universe. So says the "now" generation, and so said 
Wagner, whose love opera "Tannhauser" was pr~uced, recently 
at the Civic Theater. But, as Augustine tells us, 1t is lmportant 
to get our loves in the right order. Tannhauser, the 13th century 
minstrel knight of love, becomes enmeshed in the toils of Venus, 
goddess of sensual love. Well-acted by the attractive Janis Martin, 
and very well sung, the role of the temptress was a standout. 

The opera opens in the Grotto of Venus, and we are treated to 
a wild bacchanal dance (shades of " Hair" but more sensual). 
Unfortunately the scene took place behind a gauze scrim, and was 
not as well lit as it might have been. Scrims can serve good pur-
poses, but they should be properly lit and sparingly used. The 
sensual scene itself was well-executed musically, choreograph-
ically, and dramatically. It's' a shame that the Dresden version 
was used rather than the Parisian version with its extended 
bacchanal 'ballet, The couch on which Venus and TalUlhauser made 
merry contributed the only jarring note in the scene when it was 
rolled out, clattering and rumbling like a tumbrel. 

As a foil to Venus, Elisabeth (Klara Barlow) represented higher 
and more spiritual love. It is indicative of the good taste of this 
production that she was treated as a lovely, vibrant woman, rather 
than as an insipid, nunnish milksop. Miss Barlow maintained the 
role with a fine powerful soprano and dramatic skill. 

The role of TalUlmuser is extremelydUficult, and good Wagnerian 
tenors are hard to come by. The top-flight tenor lined up for this 
production died recently, leaving us with a substitute, Richard 
Martell. He had some difficulties, particularly atfirst, but managed 
to adequately sustain the role. 

Wagner's music is colorful, evocative, and ~werful, but it's 
tough on orchestras and choruses, as well as tenors. I was rather 
worried about San Diego's first Wagnerian attempt. It was rather 
weak in s~ts, and some of the subtlety was lost, but Walter 
Herbert, the conductor, brought out much of the spirit and force. 
It was generally well-sung, and made lor a throughly enjoyable 
evening. 

The costumes by Dimitri Bess were excellent. They were shown 
off very well during the grand processional entrance in .Act II, 
which was beautifully staged and a highlight of the opera. In this 
scene the minstrel knights sing the praises of love. Tannhauser, 
who has left Venus' sanctuary, but who is still under her spell, 
sings the praises of sensual love. There was not much academic 
freedom in the 13th century, and TalUlhauser has to seek pardon 
for his sin. He finally achieves redemption, but it's a close call. 
Surely there is food for thought here for this age, which feels 
the need of redemption, and feels that it may have been loving 
the wrong things. Perhaps love can help us, but if so, what should 
we love? 

and I was apprehensive as to how 
race would be handled. My fears 
were groundless, however; Mr . 
Fa\llkner, with a master's sk1l1, 
and with rare ins ight, painted a 
true portrait of both the goodand 
the bad in the local people. It 
was these people, both good and 
bad, that came to life. You could 
feel every new sensation as Lu-
cius experienced it; you could ex-
perience the anger of Boon and 
Ned when a redneck s h e r i ff 
causes trouble; and these sensa-
tions wer e real, because I could 
r elate to them. Everything is low-
key, nothing shouts , nothing grabs 
at you, but everything enters your 
head. Such is the sk i 11 of the 
author. 

Everyone in the cast does an 
outstanding job, but wit h the 
material given them I would have 
been disappointed if they did not. 
McQueen' s role suits him per-
fectly; an irresponsible rascal. 
Rupert Crosse as the black half 
of the team has a magnetic screen 
presence, and Mitch Vogal as 
eleven-year-old L u c iu s com-

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 

327 F street 

'A YS DONORS 
for service 

Tue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed &10. & Mon. 

233 - 8328 

-ISRAEL -
11 week Student Group 
includes 3 weeks in Eur;ope 
and a Mediterranean CrUise 

call Marty: 755-8850 

l£u iolln 
i40rtli 
ilarkrt 

2259 Avenida DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 459 - 3465 

Groceries, 
'rod,ce, 
Meafs, 

Wine & Beer 

pares 
actor s 
bird." 

with the excellent child 
of " To Kill a Mocking-

"The Reivers" is at Cinema 
Grossmont and is worth the trip . 
"Goodbye, Mr. Chips" is at Pa-
cific's Cinerama and depends on 
your mood. 

These pictures provide an ex-
cellent contrast in character de-
velopment. Whereas in "The Rei-
vers" the characters are alive, 
in "Mr. Chips" they are still-
born . The r eason for this lack 
of warmth is sometimes hard to 
find; perhaps it is the setting, 

. perhaps it is the .fault oUhe di-
rector; but regardless of the 

reason it is always sad. The sad-
ness is there because many times 
a fUm will have something real, 
something important in it, but 
because the characters in the 
film never come alive, the mes-
sage is lost. 

"The Reivers" is beautifully 
filmed and well -acted, but this 
alone does not make It an en-
grossing film. It has something 
intangible, the something that 
combines all the elements and 
reaches the audience. More and 
more big- budget films lack th is 
involvement, and it is the small-
er, tighter film that reaches out 
to the viewers. 

!'~~~~~~ 
: 1--- ., )j;~ ~II 
!\ I ~~ ~~~;~: i:C;~~rs. Jil \~ ! I i ~ Clarks ~ ~~ Desert · Boot ~ 

, I 1 \~ , ~\ 
~ ~ 0' ~ ~ ~I ~ (. 
\1 \ 
l/,J 
'i II/ It II iii' The origina I by Cla rks of England, one 
UI/), of the best selling casuals of all time. 
°,1111/ Rugged brushed lea ther uppers , with } I j 

genuine crepe soles . In sand shag. ] 5, ~S. !: I· 
'\.' \;~ Fi:O~SHEiYM ~ 
(!~J I SHOE SHOP f-~' ~~ " 11 360 Fashion Valley Shopp; n9 Center rr;~ 1/,.; Phone: 291-3818 !f v.J ~lon-Fri. 0 AH to 9 pr~ Sat.1 0-5 : 30 } ( IV Bankamericard-t1aster Charge 1 I 
><~~~_~ \:Ij 

Triton Times JInUiry 9,1970 P.,19 



PAID ADVERTISEMENT 

AT THE UNIVERSITY, CITY, COUNTY, 'STATE AND FEDERAL LEVELS 
POLITICIANS ARE AFFECTING YOUR LIVES. ARE YOU MEANING-
FULLY AFFECTING THE SYSTEM? YOU CAN! POLITICIANS AT ALL 
LEVELS ARE DESPERATELY CONCERNED 'ABOUT 'WHAT UNIVERSITY 
STUDENTS THINK. DO' YOU HAVE DIRECT ACCESS TO THE EVER-
PRESENT ESTABLISHMENT? YOUNG REPVBLICAN CLUBS STATEWIDE 
DO AND HAVE BEEN INVOLVED IN THE SYSTEM IN DIRE~T CONTACT 
WITH OFFICIALS IN SAN DIEGO, SACRAMENTO AND WASHINGTON. 
YOU CAN MAKE YOUR OPINION COUNT-YOUNG REPUBLICANS ARE 
MAKING THE SYSTEM WORK FOR THEM EVERY DAY. YOU HAVE AN 
OPPORTUNITY TO PARTICIPATE NOW; YOU CAN'T AFFORD 
TO IGNORE IT. 

TEl!EPHONE: 278-6 8 33 OR 274-4504 OR 453 -6454 

AND COME TO OU R N EXT M EETING 

WATCH FOR GOV. W ILLIAMS OF ARIZONA IN FEBRUARY 

PAID ADVERTISEMENT JII ••• ,y •. 1.11 , ••• 11 

' \ 

Death Of A Dynamic 
Decade In Sports 

by Steve Dorsch. Sports Editor 
The name of the game was 

growth, glamour and change in 
the sports decade of the Sixties. 
The sports heroes of the Sixties 
will take a lofty perch in his-
tory thanks to such titanic feats 
as 61 home runs in a season by 
Roger Maris, Wilt Chamberlain's 
100 points in a single game, and 
Jim Brown rushing 1,800 yards 
in a season; 
The Sixties saw the New York 
Yankees, once the supreme team 
in baseball, sink to last place 
for the first time in history' 
Willie Mays become only th~ 
second player ever to hit more 
than 600 home runs; MauryWilIs 
stole 104 bases in a season; and 
Dennis McLain become the tirst 
pitcher in 30 years to win 30 
games. And the baseball decade 
concluded dramatically and fit-
tingly with one of the great 
sports stories of all time the 
rise of the New York Mets from 
the laughingstock of baseball to 
world champions. 

the decade with a poor showing 
in the 1960 Olympic Games in 
Rome, but came back to sur-
prise the world by winning more 
gold medals than any other na-
tion in both Tokyo in 1964 and 
Mexico City in 1968. Bob Bea-
mon cried with joy after an 
astonishing leap of 29 feet in 
Mexico City, two feet longer 
than the world-record long jump. 
Bob Hayes, Tommie Smith and 
Jim Hines dominated the sprints 
and Jim Ryun cracked the four-
minute mile while in high school; 
and in 1965 beat Peter Snell. 
eventually becoming the world' !. 
greatest mller. 

FRONT ROW (trom le tt ): Dave Gregory Larry . Paul Kroger, Ed Babiuch, Rich Steele Ulck 
Burton, Bennie Richard Jason Cathcari Guy Reitherman, Mark Wilson, Dan Heiser Ro~ Carter 
Dimonte, Mark Van Epps , Dave Turne~, Phil Reither man, Mark Wilson, Dan H~iser, Ron 
Engle; BACK ROW: Assistant Coach Ed Musolff, Carter, Jim Boyd, Head Coach Barry Cunningham. 

'crosstown Rivals Meet Tonite 

But the epitome of change and 
glamour in this decade belongs 
to the world of profootball. For 
half the decade the older Na-
tional Football league had pro-
claimed that the new league could 
never play on even terms with 
the NFL, and boldly predicted the 
death of the American Football 
League. By offering Joe Namath 
the staggering sum of $400,000, 
Sonny Werblin and the New York 
Jets started a fantastic bidding 
war between the leagues and fi-
nally forced a merger between the 
NFL and AFL. Suitably enough 
it was Joe Namath that capped 
the decade in football by boldly 
guaranteeing a vic tor y over 
heavily favored Baltimore, and 
convincingly fulfilling his pro-
mise with perhaps the upset of 
the decade, when he led his Jets 
to a 16-7 victory over the Colts -
in last year's Super Bowl. Na-
math completed his embarrass-
ing harassment of the NFL by 
declaring that it would take sev-
eral years for the NFL to reach 
the level of the A FL. 

Cagers Battle Tough U.S.I.U. 
by D.ve Stelrns 

Bill Russell and the Boston 
Celtics are synonymous with pro 
basketball in the Sixties, as they 
completely dominated the sport 
by winning eight of nine NBA 
titles. But it was Wllt Chamber-
lain who turned in the most in-
credible one-man performance 
of the Sixties: the 7'-foot- l scor-

~g machine poured in 100 points 
ill one game and averaged over 
50 per game for an entire sea-
son. 

The Triton cagers, probabl y a 
better team than their 3-5 record 
indicates, will face a tough Cal 
Western squad tonight at 8 p.m. 
on the UCSD hardwood. 

Led by the scoring and re-
bounding of 6-foot-6 junior Mark 
Wilson and 6-foot-2 senior Ed 
Babiuch, UCSD opened the season 
with back-to-back victories over 
Southern California College and 
Cal Poly Pomona. The Tritons 
then dropped decisions to Sa n 
Diego State, University of San 
Diego and Westmont College, re-
bounded for a victory over Cal 
Poly San Luis ObiSpo, and again 
suffered losses to the University 
of San Diego and MacMurray 
College. 

The Tritons have scored well 
averaging 79 points per game, but 
have 1 a c ked the rebounding 
strength to win all of their first 

eight games. Coach Barry Cun-
ningham emphasized the fact that 
rebounding will be the key to win-
ning for his cagers. "We're not 
a real big team, but we're not 
rebounding up to our abllity. U 
we ever decide to get mean and 
attack the boards more we' ll 
have a very good season." 

UCSD as a team is shooting 
field goals at a .460 average, a 
very good percentage for a col -
lege team. Leading the scoring 
parade are seniors Ed Babiuch 
15.4 average and 41 per cent and 
Guy DiMonte, 12.6 average ~d 47 
per cent. Also juniors Mark Wil-
son, 13.1 average and 55 per 
cent, and Brian Todd, 9.5 aver-
age and 52 per cent. Wilson also 
leads the squad in rebounding 
with nine caroms per game with 
help from Brian Todd, 5.7 per 
game. 

Last season the Tritons split 
two decisions wit h crosstown 
rival Cal Western on the way to 
compiling a 20-8 record and a 
spot in the N A IA playoffs. Follow-
ing tonight: s contest, the cage 
team remams at home to battle 
A z usa Pacific next Tuesday 
Fresno Pacific next Friday and 
the University of San Dieg~ for 
the third time this season on 
Saturday, Jan. 17. 

Intramurals 
On the college scenethenames 

best remembered are Notre 
Dame, Texas, Alabama and USC . 
or all sports, college football 
and basketball made the great-
est gains in terms of national 
recognition. Even with the re-
jection of football and major 
athletics, a small part of the 
national sports mania found a 
home at UCSD in the form of 
17 intercollegiate sports, the 
most prominent of which seems 
to be a very promising basket-
ball program. 

And it was Joe Namath once 
again who, without a doubt, de-
serves an award for the quote 
of the decade with his reply at 
a press conference . When askej 
by a newspaperman If he had 
studied basket weaving at the 
University of Alabama: "It was 
too tough; I took journalism in-
stead." 

Intercollegiate Preview 

Registration and team roster 
submission for the intramural 
basketball season took p I ace 
Monday through Wednesday of 
this week. An important meeting 
of all team captains or repre-
sentatives has been set for this 
~ternoon at 3 p.m. in the phy-
SICal education classroom. Of-
ficial league play is scheduled 
to begin next Monday. Because 
all games this year will be play-
ed on the ha.rdwood gym court, 
there rna}' be conflicts in sche-
duling. For this reason it Is im-
perative that each team be re-
presented at today's meeting to 
arrange its own schedule and 
avoid conflicts. Present plans 
call for a Muir League, a Re-
velle League, two closed lea-
gues and an open league for for-
mer lettermen and campus-type 
Jerry Wests. 

The United States had opened 

"Speedy" Correa Stars 

Workouts and practices have 
either begun or been planned for 
eight of UCSD's intercollegiate 
Spring sports. 

BASEBALL 
A meeting for all interested . 

canciidates was held M 0 n day 

Grapplers Pin l Cal-Tech 
by Clrol Chillington 

A hot UCSD wrestling team, having served 
Cal Tech a resounding defeat in the !irst match 
of the season, will travel to Santa Barbara for 
the All-Cal Tournament Jan . 11). The Triton 
grapplers wlll meet teams from UC Santa Bar-
ba:a, Davis, and Riverside. 

The Tritons found a confident at-home Cal 
Tec~ team waiting for them Dec. 6, but the 
Engmeer's enthusiasm soon turned to disma y 
First on the mat for UCSD was Frosh Ed Calu~ 
gay, weighing in at 118. Ed proved why he Is known 
as "The Flea" by always staying one ju m p 
a.head of his opponent and by harassing him con-
tinuously. At the end of eight minutes, the score 
stood 12-4, In Ed's favor , 

Next up was Javier Correa, freshman, tipping 
~e scales at 126. Coach Chuck Millenbah calls 
hlm "Speedy, " but the nickname should be 
"Blitz," and at least one bewildered Cal Tech 
mat man will agree . Speedy pinned him in 34 
seconds and set a new university r e cor d Cor 
the fastest pin. 

The third ma~ch brought old-timer Bob Wilson 
at 134 pounds, onto the mat. A junior who ha~ 
t-:v0 ,out~tandin.g seasons under his belt, Wilson 
dldn t disapPOint expectations and left the match 
a 7-2 victor. Another freshman Mike Dltomasco 
followed at 142 pounds. He c~mpletely domin~ 
ated the fast-moving match, then finally got 

around to pinning the Cal Tech man in the third 
quar ter . 

The winning streak was broken momentarily 
when Bob Nemcik, a junior at 150 pounds, lost a 

c lo~e . one, and Tom Grant at 158, ' lost a tough 
d~clslon to his Cal Tech opponent. But the win -
ning was resumed when Fred Grunewald junior 
not about to. be shown up by the amaztn'g Trito~ 
freshmen, pinned his Engineer opponent in 3:19. 

The lose-win combination repeated it self: 
sophomore Larry Raful, 177, lost 2- 6, but frosh 
Joe Prenn, 190, made up for It by pinning his 
man in 3:53. 

Heavr:weight Howard Clark, wrestl ing his debut 
~atch, Impressed everybody with his determ ina-
tion and agressiveness. Although he lost 2-5 
he had shown his potential worth on the m~t · and ~oach Millenbah thinks that, with additional prac-
hce, he should be a threatening contender . 

~ot content with winning th e match 26-12 the 
Tritons wrestled two exhibition matches ju~t to 
show Cal Tech how it's done . John Gressard 
won 11-2, and Jeff Graham pinned his man in 
3:18 . 

Speedy Corr ea was na med wrestler of the week 
for his record pin and Coach Millenbah expects 
great things of him at the All-Cal. Others ex-
pected to turn in outstanding p rformances at 
Santa Barbara are Joe Pr nn, Bob Wilson and 
Fred Grunewald. ' 

afternoon. If you failed to at-
tend the meeting but would like 
to play baseball this year pi ease 
contact Head Coach Frank VI-
tale, ext. 2275. 

TRACK and FIELD 
intercollegiate track and field 

officially beg ins today, wit h 
daily workouts at 3 p. m. 011 the 
track east of the Matthews Cam-
pus. Head Coach Andy Skiefwould 
like all men interested in com-
peting to contact him in the Phy-
sical Education Office between 
9 a.m. and 2 p.m., or by phon-
ing ext. 2275. 

SWIMMING 
The UCSD swimming team is 

holding daily workouts in the 
natatorium from 4 to 6 p.m. 
Anyone interested In learning 
more about the team is invited 
to come to the pool between 4 and 
6 p.m. Mondav through Friday. 

TEN IS 
Intercollegiate Tennis Team 

tryouts will be held this after-
noon at 3 p. m. on the tennis 
courts adjacent to the main gym. 
Tennis coach is Jack Douglass, 
ext. 1207, and Tad Yamaguchi 
45 3-1000 , ext. 578. ' 

VOLLEYBALL 
The first practice session was 

held last Monday morning at 
8 a.m. in the main gym . Any 
questions can he answered by 
Coach C h u c k M 111 elibah ext. 
1177. ' 

GOLF 
A me ting was held yesterday 

afternoon for all gOlf!ng candi-
dates. You may stili sign up 
in the PhysIcal Education Office ' 
or contact th gal f coach, Dr: 
Ted Forbes, ext. 2275. 

Due to numerous requests a 
winter intramural sofiballleague 
has been arranged. It will have 

r~les similar to coed rules, I.E., 
eight players, offensive pitchers a~d limited swings for batters: 
SIgn-UP will take place next 10n-
day through Wednesday, with a 
team representative meeting 
scheduled for 4 p.m. next Fri -
day. Play will hegin 10nday 
Jan. 19. ' 

I Rugby • 
UCSD wJll host a rugby spec-

tacular tomorrow a an Diego 
State, th Old MiSSIOn Beach 
Athletic Club; nd the Western-
er Rugby Club lTIvade this cam-
pus for a t rlpll!-header m.ltch. 
At 11:30 a.m, the Tritons Ir 
meet S:ln Diego 'tate II, and will 
b followPri lit 1 n m ",' H A (" 
vs. San Diego State I, and at 
2:30 p.m. the Tritons I will 
pia), th Westerner RC. It pro-
mises to be a tremendou after-
noon for rugby fans and undouot-
edl, lank ' as the finest colle l-
ate rug y program ever pre ent-
ed on the \~ e t Coast. 

Triton Times Jlnulry9 ,1!170 Pigi 11 



.:..~ .. 
"0 ,:-.t. ... . ~ 

4- ._- _:r .... :::"'_ -.::;:!;, :-~""!:Ir~_L.-.e:.~~iI:::~~i:i 

re,oice,' ·for . to"~ai is--,tle first "a, of the rest of your 'ife " 
. Dr. Martin D. Kamen, chern,; Join a jazz ensemble, call Join the Clean Air Council 

• • • 

There will be a table in the 
Plaza every day around noon and 
a rally at noon today where re-
cent events concerning the free-
dom of the press-- and more spec-
ifically, the street Journal--will 
be discussed. Speakers will be 
Sam and Fanya Jordan, M. Raker 
Esq. II, and Israel Chavez. 

International Club presents 
Noche Mexicana tonight at 7:30 
in Revelle 's Informal Lounge. 

"One- Eyed Jacks" and "7362" 
will be shown tonight at 7:30 in 
USB 2722. 50 cents admission ' 
will be char ged. 

Jack Tempschin, folk singer 
and guitarist, will be at the Cof-
fee Hut tonight and Saturday. 

Films of George Manupelli, 
including "Portraits, self- por-
traits , and still lives," will be 
followed by an audience discus-
sion with Mr. Manupelli, tonight 
at 8:00pm in 406MC. Also, an 
informal showing of "Five Short 
Films" and others will be given 
at 4:00pm Saturday, while "Dr . 
Chicago" can be viewed at 8:00 
Saturday evening at the same lo-
cation. 

The Clabe Hangan Concert will 
be free, Saturday night at 8:30 
in the gym. He is a well- known 
black folksinger, composer and 
entertainer. 

The Vietnam Moratorium Com-
mittee presents the film, "In 
the Year of the Pig" Sunday eve 
at 7:00pm in USB 2722. 

Dr. Jacob Bronowski will speak 
Sunday at 7:30pm for the dedica-
tion ceremony of the New Jewish 
Comm1J:lity Center Library--
"The Samuel and Rebecca Astor 
Judaica Library." Everyone is 
welcome at the ceremony and re-
cept ion afterwards at 4079 54th 
Street, San Diego. 

All Christians are invited to 
University Lutheran Church stu-
dent Center for dinner--Wednes-
day at 5:00pm. RSVP at ext. 
1945. Admission is 25 cents . 

"Cat Woman of the Moon" 
and "Apple Knockers and the 
Coke" will be shown Wednesday 
at 9:00pm at the Coffee Hut. 

Bridge Club meets S lndays at 
7:00pm in the Pump HOJse Annex 
711 MC . 

Christian Science Or sanization 
meets Mondays at 7:3 Jpm ir. the 
Informal Lounge. 

SDS meets Mondays .it 7:00pm 
in USB 4050A. 

UCSD Jazz Ensemble meets on 
Tuesdays at 7:00pm in MC406. 

Soaring Club meets Wednesdays 
t 7:00pm in USB 3010. 

SIMS will be meeting Thursdays 
at 8:00pm in SB 3070. 

Muir Outing Club will meet this 
Thursday at 8:00pm in HL 1148. 

~ rr ~ fD' ~ M n ~ iistry professor, recieved an hon- stefan Olesten, 453-6863. of San Diego, an off-campus group tJ..l ~~ l!;{IlS trW utJ..l orary degree of science at the concerned about air pollution. 
University of Chicago, Dec. 10. Ilnternships: are available with Call Dr. Alan Schneider, ext. 

the Western Interstate Commis- 1618 in 7218 Urey Hall. Beginning January 4, the hours 
for the Language Laboratory and 
Undergraduate Reading Room will 
be: 
Mon. thru Thurs. 9am to lOpm 
Friday 9am to 5pm 
Saturday Closed 
Sunday 2pm to lOpm 

The American History and in-
stitutions exam will be given on 
January 31 at Ipm in HL Aud. 
Students wishing to take the exam 
must sign up by January 29 in 
the Admissions and Registrar's 
Office or in the Muir or Rev-
elle Provost's office. 

Openings s till exist for a UC 
Extension class in fencing. Call 
ext. 2077 for information. 

Sign up for courses by Dr. 
John W. Montgomery, honorary 
fellow of Revelle College , in 
Chr istian Philosophy of History 
(TH USB 2722 at 8pm) and Con-
temporary Religious Thought 
(Mon. 2A 2113 at 8pm). Call ext. 
1943 for more information. 

Registration begins Monday 
for the Learning Community, an 
educational conference which will 
take place the weekend of Jan-
uary 23-25. A fee of $2.50 for 
students and $5.00 for faculty 
- -payable at the Student Activi-
ties Office , bldg. 250MC--
includes 2 meals as well as var-
ious planned and unplanned work-
shops. These will cover all as-
pects of education from encounter 
groups to televeision to the au-
thority structure of classes. 

Dr. Herbert York, former UCSD 
chancellor , was apPointed Dec. 1 
as Dean of Graduate Studies. 

Thomas E. Holzer of APIS 
recieved last 'llonth $6500 from 
NA TO for research in London. 

Dr. Kenneth L. Bowles, di-
rector of the Computer Center, 
and Dr. Wayne Vernon~ physicSt 
professor, recieved $18,980 to 
study human behaviour among 
hospital stafffrom the Ford Foun-
dation on Dec. 5. 

Dr. John J. Holland, biology 
professor, was awarded a post-
doctoral fellowship last month 
for research at the Institute of 
Molecular Biology at the Univer-
sity oC Geneva. 

A memorial service for Nola 
Gray, former Revelle counsellor, 
today at 4pm in the ground floor 
lounge in Blake Hall. She passed 
away on December 31. 

The Grateful Dead will be at 
Convention Hall Saturday at 8:00 
- admission is $3.50 and up. 

"Don't Drink the Water", Woody 
Allen's play oC the American 
Embassy in Russia is at the 
Old Globe Theater in Balboa Park 
nightly through January 22nd. 

All interested in beng KSDT 
DJ's or dOing public affairs, con-
tact KSDT, ext. 1152, 1156. 

For information on jobs in 
Europe during the summer, write 
American-European student Ser-
vice , Box 34733, FL 9490 Vaduz, 
Liechtenstein. 

THE ASSOCIATED 

C LAB E HAN GAN 

SATURDAY JANUARY 10 8 p.m. Gym 

Free 

sion for Higher Education for 
studies in economic development. 
Write P .O.Drawer P, Boulder, 
Colorado, 80302. 

All persons mteresteo 111 V!-
fering technical assistance to the 
UCSD Experimental Theater 
Group should see Dave C unning-
ham in MC257 about enrolling in 
Drama 41B. In an effort to create 
new--Intermedia--approaches to 
theater, new lighting and sound 
components are being developed, 
but help is needed in fields of 
se miconductor circuitry, acous-
tical and optical physiCS, etc., 
as well as music, sound techno-
logy, acting and administration. 

A Muir College fund drive for 
saving the Torrey Pines is un-
der way-- call Bob Munk 
at 453-2417 or Dr. Blendinger 
at ext. 2797. 

Landscaping Muir campus will 
be discussed with Architects and 
Engineers personnel next week: 
Monday, lOam to 4pm, bldg. 2Aj 
Tuesday, 3pm to 5pm and 7pm 
to 9pm in Dorm 3; Wednesday 
12noon to 2pm and 7pm to 9pm 
in Dorm 2. 

Did you know that you can 
REGISTER TO VOTE at UCSD? 
Maxine Johnson, in the Muir Pro-
vost's office is a deputy regis-
trar. She can also tell you where 
to register in Pacific Beach, La 
Jolla, and Del Mar. Remember 
that if you will be 21 before the 
next election you can register 
NOW, even though you are not 
yet 21. 

All aliens must register with 
the U.S. government before Janu-
ary 31. Obtain I-53 forrns at any 
Post Office. 

Delta Mark Ten Transistor ig-
nition system. Fully wired, $32 
each. Sold elsewhere $39.95. Doug 
Easton, 362 Argo, 4535591. 

1969 HONDA 450. 2500 miles, 
still new. 278-8137. 

CAR POOL--need to form or 
join existing one. From Golden 
Hills area (off 94, near 5) to 
UCSD M-F. 235-8633. 

REAGAN-MURPHY LEAD 
CALIfORNIA SWEEP 

Do you want to read this headline next Nov-
ember? If not, do something about it. Work 
for liberal Democratic CO:lgressman John 
TU'llley fo r Senate. Tunney is a 35-year-old 
third term Representative from a tradition-
ally conservative Riverside district. He won 
reelection in 1968 by 63% of the vote in 
spite of Nixon's easy victory in the dis-
trict. The 70's will be YOUR decade, help 
to elect the leaders YOU want. If you are 
too young to vote, at least work for your 
candidate. For more information, call Friends 
of Tunney, 755-8838, in Del Mar. 

STUDENTS 

A.S . Movies ' 
One Eyed Jlcks 
USB 2122 1:30 

Tonight 

COFFEE HUT 

PRESENT 

fr .. Student Directories 
now avlillble 
at the Bookstore 

Wednesday 
Night Movies 

TONIGHT 
& Saturday 

Jack Tempschin 

Radiant Heaters! 

TIM HARDIN IN CONCERT SEALS AND CROFT 
COMING JANUARY 24 

BUY TICKETS NOW AT UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 

PIge12 Triton Times Jlnulry9 ,1970 


