
Tlli,d CoIIgI 

ADMISSIONS PLAN RETURNED FOR REVISION 
by Raoul Contrerll 

Staff Writ . r 
Clarification by local sources has proved unfoWlded tlJe 

claim by a LOS ANGELES TIMES education writer that 
the UC statewide Board of Admissions had rejected the 
innovative admissions proposal for UCSD's Third College. 

Appearing in last SWlday's edition of the TIMES, the 
article recorded the Wlofficial presentation of Third 
College's admissions plan to the statewide Faculty Board 
of Admissions. The plan is a supplement to the standard 
Wliversity requirements (UC now selects most of its 
freshmen from among the top 12 1/ 2 per cent of the 
state's high school graduates, determined by a com-
bination of high school grades and scholastic aptitude test 
scores). 

the Board of Admissions, is "true " in saying that the 
Board was " reasonably favorable to the admissions ex-
periment but had some doubts about details of the plan," 
and that " We (the Board ) took no formal action because it 
was not presented to us officially; we simply made some 
recommendations for changes." It also quotes Farrington 
as saying that the Board was looking for experiments in 
admissions standards because the present ones are not 
adequate . 

an informal manner l it was not part of the committee 's 
committee, and recommendations for improvements and 
reVisions . 

Because the admissions proposal is innovative, it was 
purposely separated from the academic plan . There was 
never any intention of presenting it to the Board of 
Regents at the February meeting . Because of their la te 
start in putting the academic plan together , it has been 
common knowledge to members of the Third College 
Planning CQmmittee that the admissions proposal would 
not go into effect next year , The temporary plan was to 
make maximum use of the Wliversity 4 per cent rule (4 
per cent of any entering freshman class can be admitted 
without meeting all the requirements ) in order to get a 
high percentage of minority students into Third College, 

Third College planners feel that this discriminates 
against low-income Blacks, chicanos, and other disad-
va.ltaged students. The tentative plan places as much 
value on criteria such as motivation, persistence, and 
potential for college success (the Background Motivation 
Persistence Average ) as it does on grades and test scores. 

However , the article then used this criterion to conclude 
that " the effect of the faculty group's action was to reject 
the admissions proposal ." It states that, as a result of this 
" rejection," the admissions experiment would not be a 
part of the overall Third College Academic plan, which 
will be discussed by the Board of Regents at their 
February 19-20 meeting, and that the " rejec-
tion .. . eliminates any chance that the experimental 
admissions plan could be put into effect when Third 
College opens next fall." 

In one section of the TIMES article Farrington is quoted 
as being " skeptical about BMPA", implying that the 
proposal was too radical for the committee . However , the 
committee, which is looking for ways of judging student 
potential , was primarily concerned with lack of proof as 
yet that the specific plan is an accurate measure of 
student potential. UCSD Chancellor McGill says Third 
College 's first class will hopefully provide proof of the 
value of BMPA. 

The TIMES article, which , mostly quotes Paul S. 
Farrington, an associate dean at UCLA and a member of 

According to Robert CarriIIo, a member of the Tnird 
College Planning Committee, there was never any in-
tention of getting the admissions proposal "passed" by 
the statewide Admissions Committee. It was presented in 
business for that session) in order to get the opinion of the 

This was the scene at the frog pond yesterday be- their right to be obscene, and with fingers flying, 
fore the cameras started rolling for a Nutriment convinced the ad men to take a permanent station 
commercial. Moments later the people defended break back to Cincinatti. 

Jordan Nightmare Continues In Court 
by Rich Heimlich Staff Writer , 

, . anywhere in America," the slender Mrs. Jordan 
Late durmg the mght of Nbvef!1ber 17, 1969, Del 'd "W h th r real feeling of physical 

Mar awoke to the soWld of gunfire. That was the ~l. , e" ave e ve y 
night when the brother-in-law of Angela Davis was ms~cunty . , ' 
wOWlued by a sheriff's deputy. Smce corrung to l!CSD m May 1969, t~e Jordans 

Sam Jordan and Fania Jordan, sister of the have not been as active as they had been m the past. 
controversial UCLA instructor have since been Jordan , currently a pre-med student, was fOWlder 
charged with two COWltS of ass~ult with a deadly of the Afro-Am~rican Society at Franklin and 
weapon on a police offic~r and two COWlts of at- Marshall College m Lancaster , Penn. , several years 
tempted murder. ~go. The Society expanded to ~clude most colleges 

It was a night of fear for Hie two UCSD students. m ~he southeastern Pennsy~va~la area, an~ worked 
In a r cent statement prepared by them, it was ~ lffiprov~ black cOfIl!TlWllcatton , The society was 
reported that Sam 's Hfe was spared only becausf mv.olved I~ C?mmWllt,y proble~s suc:h , as re~t 
Fania shoved the officer's gun hand away after the stnkes, mmonty housmg, and Job-tra101Og, said 
patrolman had fired a shot into Sam's shoulder. Jor~an. . , "" 

The shooting incident occured after two sheriff's Hl~ parents had .~en inactive and safe, ac-
deputies followed the Jordans back to their home in ~ording to Jord~. They ~ew what could happ~n 
Del Mar after questioning them a short distance If they we~e aC~lve: I wa,s diffe,rent. I was caught, 10 
away. The deputies sought identification, which the WestSide not 10 ~Icago m 1966, Wh .n you re 
Sam produced in his home. Sam. asked them to sho~ at, ~o~ cha~ge . , 
leave unless they had a search warrant the , Hi~ actt,vlsm differs from that of Angela DaVIS, 
statement said, 'his ~l~ter-In-law. ",All the elements,for a successf~ 

" It 's too late ," the deputies reportedly said, and pohtl~al-eco~oml c stru~gle "eXist alre,ad~, In 
then attempted to physically subdue him. But Sam Amert.can subject populat~ons , J~rdan said. V!e 
went into his bedroom where he was wOWlded by a ~ust I,ely completely on this potential and follow ItS 
deputy. He then prodU('ed a shotgWl which caused hls~r~cal d~ve~o'pme~t as ~e attempt t~ change the 
the deputies to flee, and discharged the gWl up into ~adittonal crt.sls~rten~~d a,?pr?ach mto one of 
the sky afterwards. pl:lttern-conscl~usn~ss , It. IS In , the areas of 

According to the statement, neighbors then called reliance on a baSIC cons~ltuency, ~pp~oa~h . as 
for the police and an ambulance ; however, neither opp~sed, to .the. at~empt to revolutlOntze eXl~tl~g 
the police nor the ambulance had arrived after the OpPI esslve Instttu~l?nS tha~ Angela ~nd I may a e 
Jordans had waited half an hour. differences of pohttcal philosophy. , 

Sympathy from UCSD came as a result of the Fania Jordan, now a graduate student In t~e 
Jordan arrest. Later that week two UCSD P~ilo~ophy Department, had spent 16 ~ears In 
professors, Joseph Watson and Carlos Blanco B~rmlngham, Ala. ~ where, s~e .was born, mvolved 
began a collection for their defense which grew int~ Wlth youth ~r~ups In the clVll nghts movements of 
the Jordan-Chavez Defense Fund. Chavez, another the early Sixties . , 
UCSD student, faces charges of arson and ~ough both Mrs" ~ordan a~d her slst~r Angela 
possession of firebombs. The Jordans will even- DaVIS hav~ been politically a~ttve, as their parents 
tually need $10,000 for their defense . ~ad been In Alabama, they differ as to the type of 

The FWld has since merged with the People 's m~olveme~t. , " , ' 
Defense Committee based at UCSD and San Diego Angel,a s Involvement ,I,S Wlthm the aca?em.l,c 
State. Both groups are currently working for the commWllty as a teacher , Mrs. Jordan said . I 
defense of the STREET JOURNAL, recently want to establish '~ree schools' not owned or rWl by 
vandalized. the state, and begm ,programs of self-help s~ch as 

"We were the only black people in Del Mar," Sam the ,Black "Panther breakfast program. h 
Jordan said quietly. " We had many friends , 'ac- contmued, Sam want,s to ,return to t~e east and 
tivist ' people, visiting us. Though we ourselves were refort;t,l the health s rVlCes In the Washington, D, . 
not especially active in San Diego, we were ar~a." ,, ' 
suspects. I don't f'!el safe. After I was shot in my But, Mrs , Jordan ~tr~ssed, we have ~ fl ht on 
house, we moved to UCSD, Besides, it was my blood many fronts , thos Wlthln and thos Without th" 
on the floor . We are still under surveillance on system. ~ough my p'arents are proud of Angela, 
campus,"Jordan noted. ~h, xplam d late,r, they themselv~s would ne~er 

" November 17 was an example of the problems JOin th mmuntst Party as my s~~ter has . I v 
that active black people face in this community, or always look d up to Angela myself, he add d. 

Is It Too Late? 
by Jim Sills Stiff Writer 

"We call upon the Regents, and among them especially the 
Governor to recognize tuition for the evil that it is ... " So says the 
San Diego Emergency Committee to Stop Tuition, a recently-formed 
group composed of various elements of San Diego society, including 
UCSD students, The statement was included in a position paper ap, 
proved by the committee 's members at their meeting last Tuesday , 

The group contains representatives of many social classes, among 
them Jim Hause of the Service Employees Union , representing 
organized labor; Gabriel Jackson , chairman of the UCSD Academic 
Senate, representing the UC faculty; Azzan Davis of BSC, 
representinj! black students ; Joseph Watson of the Black Action 

. CoWlcil (and a UCSD chemistry professor ), representing the black 
community; and Jeff Benjamin ASUCSD president, representing 
UCSD students. 

The committee 's discussions centered on the tactics to be used in 
reaching the Regents, who are expected to decide the tuition at their 
mid-February conclave. Many variant suggestions were made, but 
complete agreement was reached on the urgency of the situation , 
Gabriel Jackson asserted that " it is essential to do something before 
the Regents' meeting. Telephoning the conservative Regents would be 
more impressive than a five-minute squib on televi ion , 

OMMITTEE OPTIMISTIC 
Other suggestions included staging mass rallies and having student~ 

pass out leaflets at shopping centers , The committee is optimistic 
since Professor Wayne Vernon noted , " , , , there is not a majority of 
Regents in favor of tuition for the sake of tuition ." 

The committee closed the meeting by Wlanimou ly approvin ;; 
position paper to be sent to the Regents , Some of its es ential point. 
are as follows : 

1. Tuition would further separate the Wliver ity and the general 
public, 

2. Tuition would prevent several thou and tudent from continuing 
their education . 

3. The argument that the state cannot afford the 10 to 20 million 
which tuition might bring in overlooks th fact that fund inve ted In 
the Wliversity have brou ht the state a manifold return in both human 
and economic term . 

4, In P r capita sp ndin on higher education , alifol'nia rank 11th 
out of 13 western tates . Univer ity fWldin repre ent d 11.3 per cent 
of the general fWld revenue in 1966-1967, and d c1in d to BA per cent in 
1968-1969. 

Repre nting the AS at ECST' meeting w if' -Pr itiAnt M, 
Palcic. He warn d th nat at it meting the ame night that " it 
the student at this university cannot g t to ether to fight tuition . 
there i almost no hop for gettin the commWlity to oPPO tuition ,' 

H mov(>d that the nate tak action to aid the Emergen ~ 
Committe ,and th nate agreed Wlanimou Iy to " commit it elf t 

continued on pa.e 10 



CPS MEWSBRfEFS 

Black Boycott Leader to be Hired 
Paul Emus 

A soc. News Eltltor 

Harry Edwards, the black 
activist who attempted to 
organize a boycott of the 1968 
Olympic Games, is about to be 
hired as an assistant professor of 
sociology at Berkeley. 

If the appointment is confirmed 
as expected it will be the third 
controversial black appointment 
in the last two years at the 
University of California . The first 
two, Eldridge Cleaver (a guest 
lecturer in an experimental 
course) and Angela Davis (hired 
as an assistant professor at 
UCLA ), provoked power 
struggles between the faculty and 
the Regents. 

. 

The Edwards appointment will 
probably become a campaign 
issue among some conservati~e 
legislators this year . The ap-
pointment may give additional 
power to a drive in the legislature 
to remove the constitutional 

status of the university, putting 
the Regents under the state 
legislature. 

Edwards is now completing his 
Ph.D. at Cornell. 

O'lIlt lottery 

The draft lottery is under at-
tack by a suit which has been 
filed in the U.S. District Court in 
Madison , Wisconsin , claiming 
that it is not random. 

David Stodolsky, one of the 
plaintiffs in the suit and a 
graduate student at the 
University of Wisconsin, ran an 
analysis on the lottery which 
revealed that more men with 
birthdays from January to June 
received "safer" numbers than 
did those born in the rest of the 
year . Upon seeing a partial 
analysis compiled by a staff 
member in the university 
computer center, he conducted a 
more thorough analysis and 
became convinced that the lot-
tery was not random. 

According to the Wisconsin 

Draft Study Group (Box 493, 
Madison, Wisconsin, 53701), the 
organization backing the suit and 
doing other research on the draft, 
94 per cent of the pool of available 
men in 1970 will be drafted. The 
group estimates that 344 will be 
the number reached . 

An,el. Dllvis 
Angela Davis may not finish 

teaching her Winter Quarter 
classes at UCLA because of a 
legal technicality. 

An appelate court has set aside 
the court order by a Los Angeles 
judge which declared the 
Regents' firing of Miss Davis 
unconstitutional. The Los 
Angeles hearing, said the ap-
pelate court, should have been 
held in Berkeley where the 
university 's headquarters are . 

"A remarkable f-.lm I" Jud,lh CII.I. 
• N8C· TV <rod'l She _) 

Unless the California Supreme 
Court steps in, the judgment of 
the appelate court will become 
final on Feb. 20, more than a 
month before Winter Quarter 
ends. The Regents would then be 
free to again bar Miss Davis (rom 
teaching while a faculty com· 
mittee holds hearings on her . 

UCLA Chancellor Charles 
Young says he is " confident" 
students taking courses entitled 
" Kant and Idealism" and 
" Dialectical Materialism" will 
get credit for them. 

EASTMAN COLOR 
8: ISonly 

also A MAN 
WINNER ACADE MY AWAR DS 

She was fired, because of her 
membership in the Communist 
Party, under a 1949 ruling by the 
Regents. The Regents also cited a 
1950 faculty resolution stating 
that a communist was not 
qualified to be a professor. In a 
mail vote the faculty over-
whelmingly rescinded that 
resolution last month. 

WINNER CANN ES FES1IVAl ANd A WOM AN 
WII4N,R GOl OfN GLeBE AWIROS ~ ~ ~ Informal reldings. 

comments and discussion 
on 

,..;..---------'"' COLO. 6:30 10: 15 
ACADEMY 

----.. 3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284·1000 ~------.. 

II I . ati Electrif i 4TH nVlgor::" .. ,JJg, "".'C.I''''Y ng, 
Christian Science 

~~~!~!!9, Exhilar~~g' 'Week! every MondlY, 7:00 p.m. 
Inform~1 Lounge. Revene 

--Christiln 
Science 

Organizltion FINE ARTS 
.. ---.. 1818 GARNET STREET 174·4000 t--------... 

Money is swell stu ff . It makes a party .. . 
political or social, It bu ilds theat res 
for people to laugh in, houses for people 
to live in and churches too . It can make 
a better mousetrap, develop a vaccine 
or clear a slum. Lots of fine things are 
done with money and lots of young peo ple 
are finding out about the excitemen t 
inherent in a banking career. 0 As the 
largest Southern California based bank, 
6",(..udty Pacific is proud of its "now" 
atmosphere and the many young executives 
who make the decisions that put things in 
motion . 0 If you would enjoy the involvement 
of working with a big , strong bank, we'd 
like to talk to you . We'l l be on campus 

An eQual opporlun,ly employer 

Plge 2 Triton Times January 30, 1970 

'No Knock Bill' 

The pending drug bill that passed in the Senate on Wed-
nesday that would reduce first possession of marijuana to a 
misdemeanor also has a "no knock" provision that would 
permit federal agents to conduct authorized narcotics raids 
without giving the traditional warning. Warrants from federal 
courts would still be necessary for such raids, but in-
vestigators will no longer have to knock to announce their 
presence. The provision is endorsed by the leaders of both 
parties in the Senate, Mike Mansfield and Hugh Scott. Among 
the opponents is Senator Sam Ervin (D-N.C.) , who calls the 
bill an undue invasion of privacy, and former Chief Justice 
Abe Fortas. 

Deferments Upheld 
• 

In the last couple of weeks the Supreme Court has handed 
down two decisions that sharply limit the power of Selective 
Service officials . Last week the Court ruled that the Selective 
Service System cannot speed up the induction of I-A protesters 
who abandon their draft cards. Last Monday's ruling barred 
draft boards from revoking the deferments of students who 
turn in their draft cards. Prior to the two decisions draft 
boards were declaring " delinquent" men who committed 
relatively minor infractions, such as not carrying registration 
cards, and either drafting them faster or voiding their 
deferments. The latter ruling was passed by a vote of 6-2, with 
Chief Justice Warren Burger and Justice Potter Stewart 
casting the dissenting votes. 

Nixon's Viet Nam Stand Clouded 

Remember President Nixon 's press conference of 
December 8, when he said : " We have a plan for the reduction 
of American forces in Viet Nom, for removing all combat 
forces from Viet Nom , regardless of what happens in the 
negotiations"? Nixon might be reneging on his previous 
position . White House Press Secretar y Ronald Ziegler an-
nounced last week that " the number of American troops to be 
removed from a combat role in Viet Nom is fixed." This could 
mean that hundreds of thousands of combat troops could be 
left in Viet Nam, to be used when needed. Also, Defense 
Secretary Melvin Laird recently told the Senate Foreign 
Relations Committee that American combat troops would 
remain in Viet Nom as long as any noncombat troops were 
there, in order to protect them . 

Draft Quotas Missed 

Recently it was announced that no one whose draft lottery 
number is over 60 would be called in February. This week, 
however , Selective Service officials in 15 states said that they 
probably will be unable to fill their February draft quotas if 
this rule is followed . (California was not one of these states .) 
Fifteen other ~tates voiced uncertainty about meeting their 
quotas. In Washington a Selective Service spokesman said the 
point of the February ceiling was to determine whether the 
Pentagon's call for 19,000 men could be met under such a 
restriction. He said if it could not be the difference would be 
made up in a later call. 

The "Light" on the Panthers 

Belie ve it or not, the LA JOLLA I:IGHT featured an editorial 
on January 22 that was much more sympathetic to the Black 
Panthers than the newspaper has been in the past. Here 's a 
selection : "The name and image have overshadowed the 
activities and the purposes of the organization, so that even 
apparently beneficial endeavors, such as the free breakfast 
program, are suspect of being merely sly indoctrination 
schemes. And such doctrinal stands as keeping guns and 
freeing blacks from prisons (and how many of them actually 
were convicted by juries of their 'peers ' ?) have obscured the 
fact that, no matter how strongly stated, the over-all goal of 
the Black Panthers is quite simply a fair shake for minority 
people throughout the nation ." 

POW Conferences Restricted 

The U.S. Army has put restrictions on future news con- · 
ferences with released American war prisoners because of 
laudatory remarks some have made about the Viet Congo 
Commanders made the decision (according to UPI 's informed 
sources) after three Americans released in November and 
December spoke highly of their captors. While in the past most 
former war prisoners were presented to newsmen before 
leaving for debriefing in the United States, in the future the 
prisoners' debriefings will be held both in Viet Nom and the 
United States, in order to enable Army officials to invoke a 
policy forbidding news conferences until debriefings are 
completed. 

Bomb Power 

The delegates to the ~ecent Conference on Engineering with 
Nuclear Explosives were told by a research firm that tapping 
the earth for heat by digging a hole and setting off a hydrogen 
bomb at the bottom probably would produce electric power at 
lower cost than would an atomic reactor. Terrific (shades of 
" Crack in the World!")! 

/ 

~~~~-=-=:-::=---------------------------

• I s 
CAFETERIA SUFFERS TOO 

Constant destruction and property losses also 
plague the Revelle Cafe teria . Here the largest 
problem is the loss of silver, trays and dishes. These 
articles are often left in residence halls and 
classrooms and on the grounds. According to Bill 
Bosari of Auxiliary Enterprises, eight to mne 
thousand dollars will be lost this year in silver, 
plates and trays alone. This loss results in higher 
residence hall rates. Ripped chairs and sabotaged 
salt and pepper shakers are also seen much too 
often. 

The Revelle Sundries Store, another target, 
suffered the loss of much merchandise and a 
considerable sum of money last quarter. Carol Zani , 
manager of the store, stressed the fact that the store 
is run for and by students in the hopes of lowering 
the dorm rates. It is not a profit-making venture . 
She does not want the store to be policed by guards 
or have mirrors hung throughout, yet another cash 
theft could cost resident students as much as 7 
each in higher dorm rates. 

Vending machines are still another area where 
more vandalism causes frequent and expensive 
damage. Slugs are a favorite replacement for 
coins; this resul ts in jammed machines . Often the 
glass on the machines is broken , disrupting the 
r efrigeration system and causing the food inside to 
spoil. 

LABS, LOU GES, DORMS HIT 
Laboratories are being vandalized and 

burglarized, as are the public lounges and the 
Revelle dormitories. Revelle College Resident Dean 
Ernie Mort stated that elevator repair costs alone 
for Blake and Argo Halls are as much as $4,000 per 
year . 

LEARNING COMMUNITY 

-e ca 10 
by JlY Sherman Staff Writer 

The Learning ornrnunll~ IlIlICh tuok plac(' la ~t IH:ekend r d 
some Interesting idea about edut'<.ltlOn ; the edul'at!Jrs <.lnd studl. t 
I\ho gathered to diSCUSS ':ducatwn for tW!J days c!Jvereu tOPICS ran 
from " The alms of educatIOn ' to " The failing of edutatlOn at lJ( ,~ ) 

Carl Hogers, who spoke to the 80 to 100 p rsons present Vr, 1.1 
('vemng, felt that education is far behind the times Dr. Rogers C!J d 
SI:'(, no use for the cement monoliths \\'hlch have been construc!t·!1 elt 
UCS». believing education should take place m a less structured at-
mosphere Hogers propo ed a model where education would t •• ke 
place in learning groups of 10-15 students guided by a " learnmt,: 
faCIlitator." The learning facilitator would not instruct the <.:1£1 S as 
does a teacher , but would direct individuals to source matenals and 
act as a moderator for class discussions. 

Even as Dr. Rogers spoke many participants felt the need to arm 
small learning groups . Following the introductor) speech lIIan~ 
persons participated in a microlab directed b} Mort Shaevitz of the 
Counseling Office. The microlab first attempted to s nSltlZI:' In· 
dividuals to each other. Groups were formed first of two, then of four . 
then of eight persons ; many of the groups discussed Carl Rogers ' 
speech and alternalives to the present educatIOnal system. Further 
discussion on education at UCSD look place in workshop gr oups of fh'e 
to 15 people on Saturday morning . 

Some UCSD undergrads felt that they could not grow intellectually 
in the highly structured Revelle environment ; one freshman girl 
complained of "nonsense" humanIties lectures. It was a common 
feeling in one workshop that small learning groups should be formed 
in elementary schools. "The curiosities of students should determme 
the curriculum," said one participant. Many people also felt that 
attendance in elementary schools should be voluntary . 

The liberal approach toward education taken by many members of 
the Learning Community gave new meaning to the aims of education . 

The participants concluded that making one 's life more 
aesthetically enjoyable should be education 's primary concern. 

McGill Sees UC as While it is true that much of this destruction 
results from excusable car elessness or just plain 
heavy use, too much of it is the work of vandals . 
both professional and non-professional. Much of the 
destruction occurs in the early hours of the morning 
when it is difficult to police the campus. When it is 
the work of resident students, some stolen property 
can t-e recovered from dorm rooms, but often both 
student and non-student off-<:ampus residents are to 
blame, and here practically none of the property 
can be recovered . 

Big Election Issue 

by Molly Selvin Staff Writer 

Ripped lights, defaced walls , the loss of silver-
wa re , dishes and trays, jammed elevators, broker 
mirrors, stolen belongi ngs, overturned trash 
cans ... Rising dorm rates, slower food service. 
cuts .. . 

What many UCSD students fail to realize is that 
these problems are related. Vandalism costs 
money. Vandalism on campus is increasing in both 
number and variety of locations hit. 

Scarcely more than a quarter old, the Muir 
dormitories are already plagued with savage 
vandalism. ACl;ording to Joan Walsh, Muir College 
Resident Dean, elevator damage alone necessitates 
a repair call at least every other day. Emergency 
alarms are disconnected, the grills are removed 
from the ceiling, elevator walls are defaced and the 
elevators are often jammed. Elsewhere in the 
dorm, steel bars are twisted off the main doors , fire 
a larms are pulled in the middle of the night, fur-
niture and personal belongings are stolen from the 
lounge and wet laundry is even stolen out of the 
washing machines. 

V A DALISM COSTS! 
What students don 't seem to realize is that all this 

juvenile vandalism costs money. When dorms must 
be repaired excessively and silverware continually 
replaced, the money comes from dorm payments. If 
more repairs and replacements are needed , room 
and board rates will go up . Mort said that if 
damages due to carelessness are reduced about 50 
per cent, eight to nine thousand dollars could be 
saved . 

When damage is done to other buildings on 
campus, such as classrooms or laboratories, the 
money for repairs comes from the state. This will 
result in high.:! r taxes, more budget cuts and a 
higher registration Jee, if not the institution of 
tuition itself. 

Students are becoming aware of this pressing and 
increasing problem but more of them should be 
concerned. Vandalism on UCSD's campus should be 
the students concern since it is the students' money 
that is being wasted. 

At a TRITO TIMES - KDST-sponsored press conference Wed-
ne day afternoon, Chancellor McGill told students about the role of the 
university in the coming state elections, his possible departure for 
Columbia, and revisions of the Third College admissIOns plan 

The chancellor pointed to the enhanced political importance of the 
university in this election year. In his opinion Governor Reagan. an 
adept pOlitician, made his reputation by dealing with educational 
problems. He said it will be necessary for the Democratic candidate to 
campaign on campus and thus on university issues in order to build up 
opPOSition to the Governor. 

McGill promised a decision within a week on whether or not he 
would remain a candidate for the presidency of Columbia Untlerslt) . 
In reference to an article in the LOS ANGELES TIMES which said. 
essentially, that the job was his if he wanted it, he declared. "8om one 
may be trying to force my hand ." McGill claims he hasn't reclel'ed a 
concrete offer and is only being considered . In any case he claim to be 
satisfied with his present job. However , he admits that the lure of 

' Columbia is strong, and doesn't feel intimIdated by th troubles of 
recent Columbia Presidents. 

The chancellor also reported probable revisions in Third College's 
admissions plan . He said the plan was informally presented last week 
to the statewide Admissions Committee, which recommended 
changes. The committee found fault with the limitation of the number 
of students admitted under regular admissions requirements. They 
also questioned the reliability of BMPA (a measure of motivation, 
persistence. and potential) as a measure for judging future college 
success. McGill said the 80-100 3pecial action students for Third 
College's first class will hopefully provide some proof of BMPA's 
reliability. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
ANNOUNCING 

A BREAKTHROUGH IN COMPUTERIZED HOROSCOPES 327 F street 

ASTROSCOPE 
THE NEW ERA OF ASTROLOGY 

PAYS DONORS 
'or ~e,,;ce 

'!'ue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun. & Mon. 

?,\9 _ 3328 

"Say: All 
1111111 I lit, ,",,11&111111&111 .. 11'" 

The age of Aquarius and Scienre has produced a break· 
thmugh in Horoscope accuracy. AstroScope. the worlds 
most accurate Horoscope, was developp,d by Ae ro-Space 
S ~ ienti ts on giant high speed omputers. Planetary posi 
li l) ning to 1'1000 of a degree with 9 aspects i now 
available- in a NATAL HOROSCOPE. AI. 0 contains a grneral 
rradlng and an eaSily understood evolution of asirologv 
removing the clouds of mystery. Ideal fN in i"lolJal or 

~roup Interoretation of thiS COMPUTER genf!'a e,' dara. 
A"ln'lngy 1<; Fascinating· Serirlls - Provo ,lli/P. FI;r. 
Onl] SIO.OO! Compa r ~ ! ACT NOW! 

are created !Wbm,lee~ ib 
tRITON llMfS 

aflCE ... c/o 
Pam~ ... 
-......... 1 

III tlllIIl'· .... I ..... II·~'III" I "" 
_.--. 

ttAPUtfe. f£8.18 
(Ja~ ~ f,"t, 
~,o1f, 830 etrines 

; Co\SJd;;d .. H\fRf .. 

AstroScope 
P.O. BOl22m 
San Diego. Ca. 

92122 

Name 
Ad~ f 
City 
Slate 

The AstroScope is for: 
Name 
Date of Birth _ 
Time of Birth ."" ~ 

Rush rq . 

lip . 

Location of Birth 
City .... . 
SUle ... _ 

I am enclosinC $1 0.00 in check or money order 

by God." 
IAHA 'U'LLAN 

fOUNDER, BAHA'I FAITH 
J! ~ 

FOR INFORMATION : 
Phone 755-1701 

literoture is 0110 iloble 0 nd 
informol foresid discussions 
ore h('ld frequently 

Tri ton Times JI nUlry 30. 1970 Plge 3 

I ,~ 



Eltl~ttltlALI 
Admissions "an Cruc;al 
to Third College Success 

A major stumbling block still stands between Third 
College and the realization of its goals. This is the ap-
proval of the proposed admissions variance for the 
college by the statewide Board of Admissions and, 
ultimately, the Regents . In fact, it now appears that this 
remains the only controversial section of the college's 
academic plan. What are the issues involved? 

To Third College the admissions variance is important 
because it will directly affect the composition of the 
student body and therefore the nature of the college. 
Th is attempt at minority education is aimed largely at 
those students who are not otherwise adm issable to the 
Un iversity of California. Third College planners do not 
want a game of musical chairs in which qualified black 
and brown students from around the state wuld flock to 
UCSD. Instead they wish to seek out those, largely from 
San Diego ghettos and barrios, who would otherwise not 
have an opportunity for a univerSity education. 

In proposing alternate admissions criteria they 
assume that a student's high school GPA or SAT perJ 

• formance is not necessarily the ultimate indicator of his 
ability to succeed in college, especially conSidering that 
his high school probably gave him poor incentive and 
preparat ion. Therefore they have substituted a new 
measure which would also consider his background, 
motivation, and perSistence average (BMPA) . 

We feel that this is a quite valid admissions method 
and that its acceptance is crucial to the college's suc-
cess. Third College was conceived with the idea that the 
university's commitment to minority education must 
assume an activist role by consciously seeking to 
correct the imbalance society has created with respect 
to opportun ities in higher education. Without the ad· 
missions variance Third College is emasculated . Its 
academic program has been formulated for a certain 
type of student, not necessarily an "inferior" student 
who needs to be tutored, but a student with different 
educational and cultural needs. Already those entering 
next fall will not be from the desired pool of students, 
with the result that progress toward the educational 
goals of the college may be impaired . 

The opposition to this admissions variance will be 
strong . Currently UC is so overcrowded that many 
qual ified applicants are being turned away. The 
Regents are hardly going to look with favor upon a 
proposal that would, in their eyes, "lowe,·11 admissions 
requirements . Also, there is resistance from 
traditionalist faculty elements who cherish the current 
rigid admissions standards . Furthermore, the statewide 
Master Plan for Higher Education has diligently 
established relationships between the university, state, 
and junior colleges; and it will be argued that with the 
proposed admissions variance Third College would 
enter the junior college domain . 

This may be true, but the chance to further minority 
education currently exists at UCSD, and not at any 
i un ior college. To shuffle all blacks and browns off to 
JC's would be to further perpetuate de facto 
discrimination . It is obvious that a junior college 
education is not valued as highly as a univerSity 
education. As for the overcrowding, the univerSity must 
decide which should receive higher priority: the a~ ­
mission of more middle class whites who have 
numerous other opportunities available to them, or the 
admission of minori "y students who would otherwiS.oot 
have the chance t) attend a university. When this 
decision is made v 'e will see whether academic ab-
stractions or human reality is more important at the 
University of Califcrnia. 

Complain Now, Pay Lafer? 
Are we tired out from the numerous and largely un -

successful student movements of last year or has our 
cynicism reached t"e point where we no longer think it 
possible to achieve any vicories, even minor ones, 
against the powers that be? It seems as if it must be one 
of these reasons that would explain the lack of action by 
the university community against perhaps the most 
serious threat to the future of the University of 
California as we know it. This is, of course, tuition . 

The Regents , while we sit back and watch, are about 
to destroy a tradition - over a hundred years old -
that is worth saving . As last week's editorial pointed out, 
PI,I 4 Trj ton Tim .. Jenuuy 30, 1970 

"All right. Announce the appointment." 
;::::;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:;:;:;:;:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::: 

!I o,i~~:D. ~~,!~OdS ~~~~'~::~~;~r~:~~~ ~[J~w~ I!I 
::: carefully, as they are not identical to another set of :;: 
::: Last quarter at an anti-marine rally, SDS postulates to which I recommend adherance ; 1') "I :;: 
::: members objected to the idea of bringing the believe something to be true or someone to be ::: 
::: Marine recruiters before the rally to respond to wrong." 2') " I intend to cooperate with others jn :;: 
::: accusations against them. Members argued that acting to solve the problem." ::: 
::: they had decided that they wished to oppose the By adhering to the former set of postulates, SOS ::: 
::: Marines because of the United States policies the places infinite faith in its own judgment, and :;:: 
::: Corps impliments and that the recruiters as in- therefore gives no consideration to the judgment of ~:; 
::: dividuals were not at issue. They presented their anyone who disagrees with them. This has two ~~ 
;;: decision as an irreversible fait accompli. results : first, no one in disagreement with SOS is ;l:: 
::: inclined to consider their position seriously; second, ;::; 
::: In reply to their logic concerning individuals, I SOS never heeds any suggestion that faults may :::; 
:;: refer them to " the Universal Soldier" by Buffy exist in the course upon which they have embarked ;::: 
:;: Sainte-Marie. Here, however, I wish to discuss the until they have failed completely. Once it does fail, ;::; 
::: wisdom of the method they adopted in making and it finds a new course to run to the same conclusion. ::,:: 
:.: presenting their decision, and to suggest that .:.: 
i.ii everyone who makes judgments concerning what is SOS members stress their dedication to the cause :.f.:: 

good for other people, from gossiping housewives to of humanity. I cannot deny their dedication, and I j~~ politicians to student activists, might consider the agree with a substantial nwnber of their ideas. 1 
. wisdom of how they make judgments However, the methods they use are almost in- .. ':~:r:~ . variably lacking in consideration for human nature :::j':~ :: 

I want to make it clear, before I contine, that tfie and in creativity. In fact, their tactics reflect too 
:.: method of decision making used in this case by SDS much of the bad aspects of the society they are .:.: 
::'.::: trYl'ng to change. If the "0" in SDS is to stand for .: ..... :.~. has nothing to do with their political beliefs, or even .;~'.: with the fact that the beliefs are political rather anything, I suggest "dogmatic" as being most ~_.:~.: than social, religious, or academic. However, SOS appropriate. t has, by consistently practicing this nu::thod, made I wish once again to state that while many of ~~~: 
.. itself notorious throughout the country. The news SOS's actions are faulty, this is a characteristic of .. :~: media, has convinced much of the public that this their methods rather than of their general ideology. ~:~: 
::: pattern practiced by SDS is characteristic of the left The diatribes against the left published by::: 

.:

j::.:: as a whole. At UCSD, this pattern of thinking is also DIMENSION are, if anything, far more abusive of .:~.:j .. :; 
employed by some individuals calling themselves the intelligence of anyone disagreeing with them 

::: political moderates, some religious fun- than are the actions of SOS. A student visiting an :::. 
::: damentalists, and apparently some members of the Academic Senate meeting has to be amazed at the :::: 
::: Acac\emic Senate. zeal of professors calling for a(ljournment or tabling :::. ~~~ of motions to prevent members with whom they ~ ~~: 
. The pattern is a simple set of two post~tes which disagree from discussing the issues involved. None .• 
::: only become dangerous when linked together. 1) of these actions are conducive to an educational :::: .i.·.~.·.l. Either " I am in possession of a definite truth," or environment at UCSD or anywhere else. None of us ::~"'~:;'" "someone else is definitely wrong." 2) "By virtue of can expect to learn or inform others without 
.'. my knowledge , I can consider myseU vested with respecting each other's intelligence, as well as '.', ~~~ the power to unilaterally act to enforce my truth or feelings. • ~~~; 
::~.:.:. :. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:::;:;:::;:::=:::::::;:::;:=:;:::::=:::.:. 

the impOSition of tuition would have devastating effects 
on the student populat ion and would make the univerSity 
even more of an elitist institution . 

While the machinery of tuition has been pretty much 
set in motion and is beyond our control, this year, as 
Chancellor McGill recently pointed out/ is a political 
one, and some sort of massive oppOSition could have its 
effvct. For instance, a Democratic gubernatorial 
candidate could conceivably base his campaign around 
this issue. 

A new group has been formed on campus, the 
Emergency Committee to Stop Tuition. The group was 
initiated by UCSD's AFT chapter, but Is quickly gaining 
support from a wide base of community groups, such as 
churches, labor unions and minority groups. They seek 
to show the Regents and the gover nor that the OPPOSition 
to tuition is more extensive than they think . 

The current project of this group Is circulating 
petitions in the community, and students are needed to 
help in this as well as other projects under ~on· 
sideration. (Contact the Associated Students at ext. 1918 
for information.) 

We've all been through this sort of thing before, but 
this time a more stable unity can be built around the fact 
that we'll all be very directly involved in this issue. Can 
you imagine trying to expel 100,000 students who refuse 
to pay tuition next fall? 

Communication can't be one-
sided! There must be something 
that'a bothering you nationally, 
on campus, or even in tlUs 
newspaper . The TRITON TIMES 
welcomes LETTERS TO 'ftIE 
EDITOR and wID print as many 
as space permits. Lette,fs should 
be typed, double-spaced, with a&-
unit margins, and must be 
received no later than TueIda)' 
for pubHcation on Frlday_ Man 
to: TRITON TIMES, 117 Blate 
Hall , UCSD, La Jolla, 92037, or 
submit In person at the office, 
NW comer Blake HaD. 

••••••••• 
Help create a forum for 

dialogue. All members of tile 
university community are invited 
to expre811 their views Ie tile 
__ sedion of TRITON 
TIMES. COLUMNS IIIould • 
typect, double-spaced, wi ... 
unit margins, and must be 
received no laler thau Meaday 
for publication on Friday. Please 
do not exceed 8011 "ords. 

'-

~ 1 
, 

Regent-Legislative Team 
Favors Student Role 

by R .. ., Showily 
News Editor 

The Regents teamed up with 
the state legislature this session 
in studying the students ' role in 
the governance of the university. 
Out of six months of meetings 
between AS presidents, chan-
cellors and academic senate 
chairmen came six com-
prehensive recommendations for 
making student input more ef-
fective and legitimate. (The task 
force study was called for in an 
amendment to a legislature bill 
passed last June .) 

Briefly, the six recom-
mendations are : 

1. Academic departments 
should provide means for student 
involvement in the decision-
making process. 

2. College administration 
s~ould include students in 
committees for formulating rules 
and policy. 

3. The campus-wide ad-

the interest of the groups in-
volved, and should enable the 
university to be a more 
progressive institution respon-
sive to the changing needs of its 
members and the society it 
serves." 

Where each part of the campus 
fits into university operations, 
the task force found, depends on 
w.hich is most intimately con-
cerned with each area of interest. 
If student life is involved, then 
students should provide the 
leadership. If academic deci!;ion-
making, then the faculty . If 
"broad areas of campus decision-
making ," then the ad-
ministra tion . 

The specific ways in which the 
six proposals can be im-
plemented were not dealt with in 
the report. It was fel t by the nine-
man committee that differences 
between the campuses made 
campus-level suggestions 
meaningless . 

INTERPRETATIONS VARY 

committees. As AS President Jeff 
Benjamin told the Senate this 
week, the business of the com-
mittees may not demand 
frequent meetings, but the op-
portunity for student par-
ticipation makes decision -
making more representative of 
the campus as a whole. 

The strengthening of student 
goverrunent at UCSO, however, 
could involve some of the 
recommendations of the task 
force . Greater participation in 
student elections, the task force 
found, would increase " the 
validity of student governments. 
We urge, therefore , that student 
leaders make every effort to 
raise interest and participation in 
student elections." 

COMMUNICATION iMPROVES 
GOVERNMENT 

Communicate Your Gripes 
ministration should "create 
suitable mechanisms for insuring 
effective student input at every 
appropriate point in the ad-
ministrative process." 

The proposals were thus in· 
terpreted for implementation in a 
variety of suggested ways. For 
the first recommendation on 
student involvement in depart-
ments, the task force said that 
" town hall meetings" could let 
many faculty members and 
graduate and undergraduate 
students come to a consensus on 
departmental policy . Or student 
membership on department 
conunittees might be effective in 
broadening faculty conceptions 
of student opinion. 

Communication with the 
faculty and administration, too, 
would enhance the effectiveness 
of student government, the task 
force said. At present the AS 
Senate the Revelle Committee 
on COll'ege Affairs, and the Muir 
College Council all have faculty 
participation. But the average 
attendance at meetings has 
shown that faculty members do 
not consider personal in-
volvement to be of primary 
importance. Provost Stewart last 
month could not call a meeting of 
the MeC to order, for example, 
because not enough faculty 
showed up to constitute a 
quorwn. 

What has AS government done 
for you? Is your college govern-
ment serving your needs 
adequately? Or do you care? 
Irrelevancy is an old complaint 
but for the most part is un-
founded, prompted by the lack of 
communication and the 
ignorance of those whom it 
serves. Just what have the 
student governments done ? 

AS government is your state-
wide representative body and has 
made special . efforts for you in 
the fight against tuition. A survey 
of students and parents has been 
compiled for presentation at the 
upcoming Regents meeting in 
February. 

The AS distributed the student 
directory free of charge. Each 
week the TRITON TIMES in-
forms you of campus events and 
other happenings in the com-
munity. Twenty-four hours a day 
KSDT provides entertainment at 
550 on the AM dial. The AS is 
providing entertainment in the 
form of Friday night films, 
lectures , concerts (upcoming in 
Feb. is Chuck Berry) and dances. 
The Coffee Hut provides good 
food every day, and free en-
tertainment Wednesday, Friday, 
and Saturday nights . The AS 
represents you in faculty and 
administrative committees 

Fidelity Union 
Life Insurance Co. 

ColiegeM Ister 

Guaranteed by a top company 
No war e;~i~~io~ -~iause In the 
basic policy 
Exclusive benefits-at special rates 
Full aviafioilcoverage 

Premlum-d~(Xi;its-deferred until 
you are out of school 

HolidlY Inn 
SUITE 100 
LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 
453-1863 or 
279-6878, 272-0548 

Don Cllmln - Monte hiM 

which decide items ranging from 
parking pennits to long range 
academic and environmental 
planning. 

For the most part thl! AS 
handle s campus-wide affairs 
while college affairs are left up to 
the college governments. . 

Admittedly the student 
governments are not 
democracies. The vo~ for your 
representative gave him a 
mandate to express your wishes 
and to try to institute programs 
which you favor and which are 
for your benefit. If they are to 
know what you feel - your 
OpIniOnS, wishes, com· 
plaints - you have to make 
yourseU heard. Any problem can 
be handled, from desiring 
another piano in the donns and 
complaints of food services to 
academic affairs and concern 
over tuition. It's up to you to know 
who your representatives are . 
The AS and college governments 
are yours; use them. 

Come rap with me from 10 a .m . 
to I p.m. on Jan. 30 in the Revelle 
Plaza , or contact me whenever 
you have a problem. 

Bruce Morden, 
Revelle Senator-at-Iarge 
P.O. Box 4606 Argo 
453-1068 

CSIS 

4. The Academic Senate should 
develop ways for students to 
become involved in consultation 
and discussion of matters 
"related to scholarly endeavors , 
courses, and clll'ricula." 

5. Student governments should 
be strengthened "by all possible 
means" to "insure effective, 
representative student .. in-
volvement in campus declSlon-
making processes. " 

6. A broad campus forum 
where students, faculty and staff 
could exchange ideas should be 
tried in an effort to lessen the 
possibility of misunderstanding 
between these divisions of the 
university. 

ASSUMPTIONS FAVOR 
INVOLVEMENT 

These six recommendations 
were based on a set of asswnp-
tions that in general , favored 
student involvement in almost 
every aspect of university 
operation . The educational 
benefit in learning to ad-
ministrate and make decisions 
affecting students ' lives , the 
group felt , was a basix principle 
that should be accepted. But the. 
participation of students with 
faculty and staff "is more likely 
to produce decisions that are both 
sound and timely . . . and is in 

COLLEGE STUDENT INSURANCE 
SERVICE - (714) 2914335 . 
2223 El Cajon Boulevard, San Diego, Calif. 

Located in Lafayette Building 

SPECIAL 
STUDENT AUTO INSURANCE 

AN AVERAGE OF ~% SAVINGS ON ALL AUTO INSURANCE 
IS REALIZED BY PARTICIPATING QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

EXAMPLE 
(21 YEAR OLD SINGLE MALE STUDENT SAN DIEGO 
COUNTY. STATE REQUIRED MINIMUM LIMITS OF 

LIABILITY.) 
COMPANY "A" •....... . ... _ ............ 1140. YEARLY 
CSIS STUDENT PROGRAM .... .. .......... . ... 78. YEARLY 

SAVINGS - $62 
EVEN GREATER SAVINGS FOR MARRIED AND 

FEMALE STUDENTS 

• Pi ......... ' GUAAANTEEO 't'}O'd .... 01 ""'''9 ""Old 
• P,ymt'f'lt ,1"" to tit vOUA bu_' 
• NO AJd,,""" """"" ch_ I .. SPO"Tl' r .. "s 
• NO M: MBERS"'P Fer ' ...... , ... 
• ltcented Ity tl'M: St"e 0)' c.."'orl"ll" Dept 0' I MoH'«'ft 

.ollt A ""IO'IAI. OUOfArtQII oa _OlAf( COV'IIMGf 
CAll tl1.' ,It"" 

In many areas of university 
operation, students have been 
more involved at UCSD than at 
the other campuses. 

Students can become involved 
more easily on the individual 
college level, while . at 
" monolithic " campuses like 
UCSB and UCLA student interest 
in the activities of the Colleges of 
Arts and Sciences is difficult to 
muster because of the size of the 
student body. . 

In the administration, students 
occupy member seats on most 

FREE-ENTERPRISE 
AND THE 

DEVELOPMENT 
OF SOCIETY 
students interested in learning 

about the Cree-enterprise system's 
involvement in community and 
societal development are invited to 
participate in open- forum discus-
sions with representatives from 
business and industry at the 

areer-Education Planning Center, 
Employing organizations 

visiting UCSD this quarter to talk 
with students about career oppor-
tunitie s have agreed to devote one 
hour oC their schedule to open 
discussions. Students will have 
the opportunity to exchange ideas 
with these representatives as they 
explain their organizations' goals, 
attitudes concerning the needs oC 
society, and organizational climate 
for the employee. 

It is hoped that debate and 
critical evaluation will character-
Ize these meetings since one of 
the purposes of the program is 
to help students learn more about 
the world of work than Just the 
specifics of various occupations. 

The Placement Calendar, 
which is posted on bulletin boards 
throughout the campus, provides 
information concerning the dates 
visiting organizations will be here. 
students interested in participating 
in these discussions may call the 
Center on extensioll 2401 -- or 
come by the East Wing of Building 
250 Matthews Campus -- Cor 
scheduling details. 

PAlO ADVERTISEMENT 

In previous AS election cam-
paigns, candidate!. have called 
for a "town meeting" - a large-
scale convocation - where 
students could vote on important 
issues before the AS. William 
James, AS president at UCSB, 
told the Regents that such a 
meeting proved helpful last year. 
The task force, in any case, urged 
the campuses to experiment with 
new institutions of governance. 

UCSO is currently acting on the 
task force's recommendations, 
although independently of the 
report . The AS has a 
reorganization committee to 
make the Senate more effective. 
Revelle has a "college meeting" 
today to sample student, faculty 
and staff opinion of present 
college conditions . Muir has 
involved students in planning and 
designing the landscaping of ~e 
new college, as well as 10 
revamping the language 
requirement. 

THIRD COLLEGE: 
FUTURE TREND ? 

Third College, of course, has 
gone the furthest in meshing the 
ideas of the three segments into a 
group of future plans . Chancellor 
McGill has said that Third 
College is probably an indication 
of how colleges will involve the 
whole community in planning. 

But most important, says the 
task force, is " the need for in-
creased trust and respect among 
all segments of the university 
community. 

" Our recommendations can 
have meanin only in an en-
virorunent in which students, 
administrators . and faculty come 
to perceive one another as having 
legitima te in terests in the 
governance of their university, 
and behave on the basis of thi 
point of view." 

How many sheep cron your beds,de 
every night? Find out at d Unlvers,ty 
ExtenSion conference lomorrow at 
9JO I .m Sign up al the Extens 'u" 
Off ice on Matlhews Campus , ne I 10 
the ReglSlrar 's Otbee. or call exl. 
2061 The con ference Will ,nClude 
lunch on the S8 tee and Will be held al 
the Town and Country Hotel In 
M ,ssion Valley 

Triton Timn Jenulry 30 , 1970 PI,I 5 



UCSD Work qn Steam Car 

S.D. Area Joins Fight Against Smog 
by Steve Stryker 
Science W'l'ite r 

"Smog," a comedian once retorted, "is the 
air apparent." The contamination of our air 
in the last decade, with the eXponentially 
increasing amount of hwnan waste, has 
crippled cattle in Texas ; killed 60% of the 
Ponderosa Pines near Lake Arrowhead ; 
discolored the paint on houses and 
automobiles in Lincoln, Maine; and has 
ruined orchids in lllinois and Texas, as well as 
lettuce and spinach in southern California. 

The problem has grown in the last three 
years to such an alarming degree that people 
are not just paying for contaminated air out of 
their pocketbooks, but with their lives as well . 
Respiratory ailments such as asthma , 
bronchitis, lung cancer, and emphysema 
have increased significantly even since smog 
devices were made mandatory on all new 
cars sold in California. 

Death Trap for New York 
On Thanksgiving Day, 1966, an inversion 

layer-a band of warm air, capping cool air 
below-settled above New York ,City and 
trapped all of the choking, gagging fwnes that 
otherwise would have dissipated skyward. By 
the time it cleared, 168 had died, most of them 
elderly people with a history of respiratory 
troubles. 

Autos the Culpri ts 
What caused these unnatW"al and un-

necessary happenings to occW"? The bW"ning 
of fuels for power, transportation, and in-
dustrial products constitute the major factor 
in our cW"rent air ailment. Of the three 
contributors, the instrument of tran-
sportation-the automobile~xcretes in total 
usage about half of all the contaminants 
poW"ed into the air today. What flows out of an 
automobile exhaust pipe is a mixture of five 
noxious gases and chemicals: carbon 
monoxide, sulphur oxide , hydrocarbons, 
various oxides of hydrogen and tiny particles 
of lead. 

When the exhaust products of over foW" 
million cars are almost continually trapped in 
the basin of Los Angeles and acted upon by 
strong sunlight, the result is photochemical 
oxidant, better known as smog. 

In 1950, Arie Hagen-Smit, a Cal Tech 
biochemist, identified the most harmful 
ingredients in the dishwater-brown air as 
ozone and nitrogen dioxide. Ozone, a form of 
oxygen, is very reactive chemically, 
bleaching anything it touches, causing dead 
spots on leaves, cracking rubber and 
deteriorating cotton fabrics . Nitrogen dioxide 
provides the color-and damage to lung 
tissue. 

What is being done to cW"tail fW"ther mass 
pollution of oW" atmosphere? On the Federal 
level, the Air-Quality Control Act of 1967 is 
just going into effect by organizing 57 air 
control regions throughout the nation to work 
with state and local officials in trying to 
curtail this problem. 
Positi ve Steps 

But no one is sW"e how vigorous the Federal 
government will be if the states fail to take 
maximwn advantage of the law's provisions. 
In this regard, California recently passed a 
set of requirements concerning auto 
emissions termed to be "the most stringent 
standards ever adopted anywhere in the 
world. " In San Diego, after June 1 there will 
be no open bW"ning at any time, anwhere in 
the county. 

These rules and restrictions are a positive 
sign, but not effective enough to begin to 
offset the terrible acts man is still per-
petrating on the sky. At UCSD, a group of 
faculty and students is working toward the 
development and operation of a steam car; 
anyone interested in either the technical 
aspects or in the publicity of the steam car 
should contact Dr . Rod BW"ton, X-1389. 
Another group on campus is interested in 
exploring the educational possibilities of 
designing an air pollution training program, 
and all those interested planners should call 
Art Jokola, X-1038. 

. . 

\ 
) 

It cannot be definitively proven that smog 
was the direct cause of death, but similar 
patterns noted in other instances of ex-
ceptionally bad air pollution are persuasive : 
for four days in 1952, London was shrouded in 
a soupy, sulphurous fog. Before the fog 
thinned and dissipated, 4,000 more people 
than normal had died, and the rate of illness 
among cardiac and respiratory sufferers was 
twice what it had been before the pollution. 

Factories and power plants , the other two 
sources of air pollution, emit some 50 million 
tons of fly ash and 26 million tons of sulphW" 
oxides into skies that now seem permanently 
gray. This type of emission, from bW"ned coal 
or fuel oil, generally contains carbon, oil, 
grease and microscopic pieces of metals and 
metal oxides. Some of these, while small to 
the unaided eye, are so large that they quickly 
fall back to earth . In Houston, these particles 
have been found in purified "drinking" water . 

Still another off-<!ampus group called the 
Clean-Air Council of San Diego has formed 
with the sole pW"pose of irradicating smog. A 
few of their activities include the picketing of 
the local GM dealers to try to put pressW"e on 
GM to stop manufacturing pollutant-
produclIlg engines, the signing of petitions for 
more pertinent and effective legislation, and, 
through publicity, the direct arousal of big 
business to actively support the war on air 

pollution . Dr. Alan Schneider (X-1918) will be 
pleased to hear from any person interested in 
making the activities of his group more ef-
fective . 

These are positive steps toward a positive 
goal, but if more concerted action is not taken 
soon by all of us, then maybe chicken litUe 
was right. 

SENIORSI 
THE CITY Of lOS ANGELES 

,.eill Low 
R.tes for 
Students. 

By .ppt. only 
281-4586 

HYPNOSIS ~ Technician - Consultant SMOKING· WEIGHT· MEMORY NERVE:S • CONFIDENCE 
INSOMNIA - SELF HYPNOSIS 

REPRESE)lTA TlVE ON CAMPUS, FEBRUARY 16, for 

JR. ADMINISTRA TIVE ASST. 
$715 PER MONTH 

All majors qualify: Business Administration, Public 
AdmL,istration, Political Science , Economics desired. 

FOR FURTHER lNFORMATlON CO ·TACT YOUR 
PLACEME T OFFIC E. 

FOR YOUR BEAUTY SUPPLIES 

~ 
BEAUTY STORES 

Special Discounts with 
Student Card 

Clairoil-Lapinal 
Roux-Breck 

English Leather 
Ozon-Hel1 ite 

Old Spice-Redkin 

DIANE SHOPPlNG CE 'TER 
4702 CLAlREMOl\T Ml:.SA BLVD. 
272-3242 

SKIERS! roARK~~I~~Rp~~1~?~~ §~~~YD NEW 

COSMETICS 
SHAMPOOS 

HTS 

DWAVES 
HAIR SPRAYS 
WIGS 
WIG SUPPLIES 
GifTS 

U!-<lVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOPPING CENTER 
3979 GOVERNOR DR. 

PARK CITY • PARK CITY WEST • ALTA • BRIGHTON 
A 'SKI UTAH BARGA I N PACKAGES"! as low as $10800 

inclucLng - 7 days of great skiing - 6 nights lodging -lift passes, etc. 
(lessons optional ) 

Round trip by Domeliner in reserved seat Coaches 
(Domeliner seeping car accommodations also available ) 

PARK CITY PACKAGE 
· 6 nights lodglrg In fasc lna Ing his tOriC Park Llry. 
· 5 day 11 ft pass Park Ci ty . 2 day 11ft pass Park City WEST 

BlG-4 AREA PACKAGE 
· 6 nigh s lodglrg In Salt Lake City With daily transportation 

to four famed ski oreas 
• 7 day Blg·4 ar~a ski pass for Park City. Park City WEST. 

Alta and Brighton slopes. 

m 
15 departures Every Saturday Dec. 20 thru fv\or . 28 . 

. . Leave Los Angeles 12 45 PM Noon 
A rrive Salt Lake City 635 AM Sunday for a full doy of skiing . 
Arrive Los Angeles 1 00 PM the follOWing Sunday. 

Makf'_ reservati ons early Call your Travel Agent or Unaon Pacl llC o f lite NOW for brochure 

P ••• 6 T rit a" T imes J InUl'y 30 , 1910 

iln 3Jnlln 
@>~nrtll 
:tInrktt' 

2259 Avehlda DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 459 - 3465 

Groceries, 
Pr04Ic" 
••• ts, 

Wi •• , B •• r 

' j 

Senate Hears 
Store Problems 

Roger Showley 
News Editor 

Frank Gormlie, AS representative on the 
Bookstore Committee, told the AS Senate that 
reform of bookstore policies was impossible as long 
as the committee failed to meet. He explained that 
he had tried several times to call a meeting; but 
none has taken place since he was appointed last 
spring. 

Answerable to Auxiliary Enterprises, the 
Bookstore Committee deals with various aspects of 
the facility. Gormlie, who studied the operations in 
an article in the INDICATOR last quarter, had 
hoped to change policy to allow more used books to 

be bought and sold and to lower prices on texts . On 
both matters, manager Paul Mares has said that 
arrangements with publishers prevent a policy 
change. 

The Senate agreed to press for a committee 
meeting, and Chancellor McGill, at the TRITON 
TIMES - KSDT press conference Wednesday, 
promised to investigate those committees which do 
not meet regularly . 

The heated debate over AS participation in the 
filming of a Nutrament commercial yesterday by 
MGM Studios was cooled by AS President Jeff 
Benjamin when he explained that advantages of the 
contract-$750 to the AS, ad space in the TRITON 
TIMES, and a special order for the Coffee 
Hut-Overcame any philosophical misgivings abou t 
Nutrament. Ned Van Valkenburg, a Revelle senior, 
circulated a dittoed appeal Wednesday urging 
students not to join the "party ." However , Ben-
jam,n said that Van Valkenburg mistook his ex-
planations and suggested that the AS only be con-
cerned with having a "groovy time" at the frog 
pond . 

Muir Council Debates 
Language Requirement 

Lorraine Evernham 
Staff Writer 

What is going to happen to the Muir language 
requirement? The Muir Council met again Tuesday 
to try to find an answer to that question . 

Three alternatives to the present language 
program were suggested: 1) dropping the language 
requirement altogether, 2) changing the 
requirement in favor of Professor Benamou's 
proposal that the student would not demonstrate 
proficiency simply by passing tests but rather by 
using a foreign language in his studies . 

The student could do this by taking a IiteratW"e 
course in a foreign language with a prerequisite of 
either passing the proficiency exam or passing 
three quarters of language. 

The other ways of meeting the requirement are by 
passing a Cultural Traditions course taught in a 
foreign language, by passing any foreign IiteratW"e 
course nwnbered 11 or above, or by giving proof of 
university study abroad for a swnmer term or 

longer, provided instruction be given in a foreign 
tongue . A third proposal involved the diminishing of 
the present requirement. 

A straw vote was taken to determine general 
sentiment concerning these alternatives. Twelve 
members were in favor of dropping the requiremen t 
completely (7 of which were in favor of dropping all 
requirements ), two supported Benamou's proposal, 
none favored diminishing the requirement, and two 
remained undecided . 

Although any decisions reached by the Council 
will not be final , they do have considerable power to 
influence the faculty . The Council will meet again in 
two weeks for further discussion and hopefully 
some decision concerning the language 
requirement. 

Also meeting in the Muir Commons was an ad hoc 
committee of students, deSigners, architects and 
Provost Stewart, who decided to work for the 
creation of a duck pond in Muir Plaza. According to 
the group , the pond would be located between the 
dorms and the Commons. 

Seniors Schedule 
Bond to Speak 

Commencement '70 will feature Georgia Democral Julian Bond and 
individual college graduation activities, if the Public Ceremonies 
Commi ttee has its way. 

Working from recommendations made by members of the Class of 
1970 the 16-member group, which is advisory to the chancellor, has 
plan'ned for graduation to fall on Saturday, June 13. Other envisioned 
acti vi ties include pre-graduation special breakfasts organized 
separately by both Revelle and Muir Colleges, and a senior class party 
on the night of June 12. 

Others invited to speak include anthropoligist Margaret Mead, 
" Population Bomb" author Paul Ehrlich, HEW Secretary Robert 
Finch, and astronaut Charles Conrad. 

Last month the seniors elected Glen Forsch class president, Bob 
Boyd vice-president, and Cindy Nielsen secretary. Dues, said Forsch, 
would be charged later this year for the class party and class gift, but 
collection details have yet to be worked out . Compulsory fees 
currently must be approved by the Regents before they can be im-
plemented. 

ASlAN AMERICA~ RECREATlON CLUB, INC. 

SUMM ER JET CHA RTERS 
to HONG KONG 

& OTHER ASIAN CITIES 
$407 

Round-trip 
to Taipei & 
Hong Kong 

3- month flight 
2- mo,th night 
1- month flight 

$185 
6lne- way 
Charter 
to Japan 

Connecting flights to Singapore, Manila, Bangkok, Seoul 
and Calcutta. 

FOR INFORMATION. WRITE OR CALL 
Stanley Ul, Flight Chairman 
P.O. Box 2549, Stanford, California 9430j 
Phone: (415) 325-9015 

Name : ______________ _ 
Address: ~----------------------

Zip 

We THINK With Words 
Increase Your THINKING Power in Order to : 

COMMUNICATE 
MORE EFFECTIVELY 

INCREASE 
AWARENESS 

RAISE GRADES 
IN SCHOOL 

INCREASE 
INCOM E 

ACQUIRE GREATER 
UNDERSTANDING 

INCREASE 
SELF-CONFIDENCE 

Take your vocabulary bu ild ing course at any of the Lexicon Centers listed 
below for guaranteed results_ Call now for an appointment for a free lesson. 

Downtown Lexicon Center 

Fifth A ....... Flnenc:ill Centtr 
Fifth end L ... .. 
Son Dleva. Clliforni. 92103 
Phone , 233·7212 

La Jolla Lexicon Center 

2163 Avenid. cit I. PI.,. 
L. JoII .. Cllilomi. 92031 
""ont: 454-2221 

State Col/ej1e LexIcon Center 
5189 Coil. A ... ue 
S .. Oi • • Cllilomi. 921 15 
""ont: 281·0222 

North County LexIcon Center 

1150 C .... 'no 0.1 M. 
0tI Mar. C.Momi. 92014 
""ont: 75&-0&4 

Tr iton Times JUUlry 30 , 1970 P. g. 1 



Recent Graduates from \\ 
'm, 

Hollywood School of Music II 
Jeff Fried 

Feature Arts Writer 
" Paint Your Wagon" is definitely the hidden 

musical. With all the hoopla over the opening of 
"Hello , Dolly," " Paint Your Wagon" has received 
comparatively little fanfare. This is regrettable, 
for " Wagon" is definitely noteworthy. 

The film tells the story of a wild and bawdy group 
of people, and no one is better suited to portray one 
of these people than Lee Marvin . Marvin, as Ben 
Rumson, powers the whole film; he never lets up , 
nHer is out of character, and is alwavs the devil's 
advocate. His performance is strong e~oug~ to 
overcome even Joshua Logan 's 1950-style direction. 

Logan's credits include " Bus Stop," " South 
Pacific," ;' Picnic," and "Camelot," but only in 
.. Picnic" was he able to shake off the influence of 
Broadway. In " Wagon" he again fails to remove 
the stiffness so characteristic of the typical 
Broadway musical. He insists on remaining glued to 
old techniques as if they were religious com-
mandments. This isn 't to say that only the stock 
one<amera framed shot is used, but this technique 
is prevalent' enough to make " Wagon" seem like a 
musical being performed on stage. It 's hard to 
isolate particular scenes that a more imaginative 
outlook would have improved, for almost every 
scene can be included under this category. With his 
one<amera approach Logan fails to exploit the 
mood-setting possibilities inherent in newer 
methods and in the beauty of the settings them-
selves. 

Unfortunately , not only was Logan 's directi.on 
static ; the audience was also forced to tolerate Clint 
Eastwood, and the less said about him the better . 
He seems incapable of any emotion and would have 
fitted in better as part of the $40,000 statuary 
collection that graced the salon . This isn't saying, 
however, that all his previous experience was 
wasted. Many of us remember hIM from 
"Rawhide " days, and now we can distinguish him 
from the steers! 

Jean Seberg, as Elizabeth, provides us with .an 
excellent study in contrast. Unlike Eastwood, MISS 
Seberg knows her craft well and gives us a superb 
performance. 

" Wagon" is the brainchild of two of the most 
respected personages in the field of music, Lerner 
and Loewe; unfortunately , it isn't their best 
musical. "Wagon" is not as much of a debacle as 
··Goodbye. Mr. Chips;" but it does not possess the 
musical quality of their other works . eve rtheless 
there are some well.(ione pieces , particularly 
" There 's a Coach Coming In. '' This one song cap-
tures the spirit and the drive of the film's charac-
ters . 

In surn , " Paint Your Wagon" is Lee Marvin and 
fantastic visual beauty. Marvin provides the spirit ; 
Oregon (where the film was shot ), the set and 
costurne designers, and the color process provide 
the beauty. " Wagon " is far from a perfect film , but 
I ts strong points override is weak ones. It is 
currently showing at Cinema 21 in Mission Valley 
C1nd is weU "orth the trip and the admission price . 

In contras' to the stealth of " Paint Your Wagon ," 
" Hello , Doll ," blasts onto the scene accompanied 
by every s lperlative adjective known to man . 
Despite the ' act the Twentieth-Century Fox , haVing 
invested a h Ige surn in the film , could not afford to 
take chances, some of this money , at least in this 
writer 's opi .. .io . hAO hf>en wasted. " Hello, Dolly" 
has some c: the best music and danclll~ going, 
easily streng enough to stand without ex-
travaganza However, this writer , for one, feels 
that the filr 1 is a little too extravagant. 

" Dolly" i1 also blessed with the talents of Barbra 
Streisand ald Walter Matthau ; Miss Streisand 's 
are used t< advantage ; Mr . Matthau 's are, un-
fortunately, wasted. 

Only the director , Gene Kelly , and the studio can 
be blamed for this. Barbra is so overpowering on 
camera that she eclipses anyone else unfortunate 
enough to be in the same scene. She is allowed to 
I(("t away With every bit of stage business known to 
rn;m . completely unch ck d. While this writer can 

(of. \\11 I'e al l con rned would want to explOit her 
I;dpnts. too m.lI1Y exc II nt people and loo much 
valuable material go to waste . 

To a certain extent " Dolly" alsu suffers from the 

Page 8 Triton Times Jan uary 30 .1970 

camera-use malady of " Paint Your Wagon ." Kelly 
uses a more modern approach than Logan's but still 
fails to utilize the full potential of the mediurn. 

The color process used could also stand im-
provement. In this writer's mind the logo "Color by 
DeLuxe" is synonymous with the artificiality of the 
early Fifties. While the use of bright, brassy colors 
in the film is in tune with the mood, the color 
process IS too extreme to hi' visually oleasan t. 

While individual parts of "Dolly" are flawed, the 
picture as a wnole is very enjoyable. Th.e musi~ , 
featuring the title song "Hello, Dolly," "Ribbons In 
My Hair," "Put on Your Sunday Clothes," and 
many others, is excellent. The dancing, thanks to 
Kelly, is some of the best si.nce "West ~ide Stor(' ~ 
dancer himself, Kelly obViously reallzed danCing s 
value to the show and maximizes its beauty with 
some of the picture 's best camera work. 

" Dolly," like almost any other film, cO.uld have 
been better. Despite its major fault of being over-
made, its story, songs and dancing are so good that 
they survive the over-handling. 

Many recent musicals have used this "heavy-
handed" approach. Not only does this hurt ar-
tistically, but it also affects the moviegoer in the 
form of higher prices. As far as students are con-
cerned, $2.50 is a lot of money to pay to see any film, 
regardless of its quality. Nevertheless even higher 
prices seem to be on the way : admission fees of 
three and four dollars per person already com-
monplace in New York and Los Angeles. Hollywood 
film-makers still seem to think that cost is 
synonymous with quality . The fallacy of this 
viewpoint has been exposed many times, but 
seemingly without results, and to the moviegoer 's 
distress. 

" Paint Your Wagon" and " Hello, Dolly" are the 
latest examples of that uniquely American .art 
form the musical film . Since almost all mUSical 
filmS' are adapted from stage versions, this 
uniqueness is easily explained : with the exception 
of England, the stage musical is also a .uniquf'ly 
American phenomenon. The stage mUSical can 
perhaps be termed the " American Opera," but 
regardless of how one looks. at it culturally i~ has not 
met with more than a modlcurn of success In much 
of the rest of the world. In fact , when the wholly 
American musical was first introduced abroad, it 
was met with both wonder and incomprehension. 

The last six years have witnessed a spectacular 
growth in the status of the musical film . The pre-
1964 films " West Side Story" and "Gigi" are 
responsible for the initiation of the status change, 
but the 1964 films " My Fair Lady," ."The Un-
sinkable Molly Brown," and "Mary POPPInS," plus, 
of course "The Sound of Music" in 1965, completely 

revolutio~ized the status of musicals in the eyes of 
the American public . The latter four films have by 
themselves grossed over $140 milli~n . These 
musicals were so successful that not until 1967 was 
another musical released; there were simply no 
theaters available to show them . (A note of ,:x-
planation : only certain thp.ater~ are used. for major 
" road-show" films . The four films mentioned wer~ 
doing so well that none of these theaters were avail ' -
able. ) 

In 1967 " Camelot" and "Thoroughly Modern 
Millie" opened; in 1968 "The Big B" arrived as 
Barbra Streisand made her debut in " Funny Girl. " 
Introduced the same year but with considerablv 
less success was " Finians's Rainbow," with Petula 
Clark. 

The next year saw Barbra 's second film, "Hello, 
Dolly" open after a delay of nearly a year. Also 
brought forth in 1969 were "Oliver ," "Sweet 
Charity," " Paint Your Wagon," "Goodbye, Mr. 
Chips," and "Star ." . 

That only five of the above-mentioned mUSicals 
can be classed as financial failures is notable both 
when one considers the high initial cost of the films 
and because only two of the films , " My Fair Lady" 
and "Oliver ," can be considered truly great. The 
rest, while well-made, are typical Hollywood 
products. 

Most successful financially has been "The Sound 
of Music ." This all-time great has to date grossed 
over 72 million. In second and third place, 
respectively, are " Mary Poppins" and " My Fair 
Lady," ' with over $30 million apiece . The others 

have earned anywhere from the $17 million of 
" Funny Girl" to the pathetic $1.1 million of "Sweet 
Charity." 

Three questions need to be answered about 
musicals. First, why the great probability of 
success? Secondly, what are the ingredients of a 
successful musical? Finally, why has the popularity 
of musicals gone up so incredibly in recent years? 

One of the most important reasons behind the 
success of most musicals is that they have a built-in 
selection factor . Almost all screen musicals are 
adapted from successful Broadway productions ; 
e.g., they were previously well-recelved c;iticall~. 
While not guaranteeing success for the mUSical, this 
fact means that the story line does have, to a certain 
degree, artistic merit. Also, because the musicals 
were performed on Broadway, a certain amount of 
publicity is built into them even before they are 
released; the producers thus start with a well-
known product. Of the musicals mentioned above, 
"My Fair Lady," " Funny Girl," " Hello, Dolly" and 
"The Unsinkable Molly Brown" have been endowed 
with this Broadway "charisma." 

The inclusion of a "big" star in a musical's cast 
also improves its chances of success. Almost 
without exception, every musical has had a 
superstar. [n some cases this star alone attracts 
crowds. Prime examples: Julie Andrews in "Mary 
Poppins" and "Thoroughly Modern Millie, " and 
Lee Marvin in "Paint Your Wagon." 

What ingredients make up a successful musiml? 
Perhaps the best way to approach this complex 
question is to look at the ingredients of unsuccessful 
musicals, regard these ingredients as pitfalls that 
have been avoided in successful ones, and deduce 
several "rules" that successful musicals have 
followed. 

Five musicals can, to greater or lesser degrees, 
be regarded as unsuccessful. They are " Sweet 
Charity,"- " Dr . Doolittle," "Star," " Finian's 
Rainbow," and "Camelot." "Sweet Charity" tells 
the story of a dance-hall girl; "Camelot" that of 
marital infidelity; "Star" that of a woman who flits 
from man to man . Admittedly, these aren't the most 
pleasant of adult themes, with bitter-sweet ending.s. 
Therefore Rule One follows : a theme for f8ffilly 
viewing is necessary. 

Why, then, did both "Finian's Rainbow" and "Dr. 
Doolittle," which have family-<>riented then:tes, 
fail? The answer is simple for "Doolittle :" If a 
musical is unbelievably bad, despite its theme, 
word gets around. However , in "Finian 's Rainbow" 
the problem is more complex. When " Rainbow" 
was first performed on stage twenty years ago, it 
was topical; but in the film musical the material 
was simply not universal enough to stand up. So, 
while non-family subjects are apparently "out," a 
family theme alone does not guarantee success. 
Rule Two : start with a recent Broadway success. 

Rule Three : include a "big" star . 
While all three rules should be observed in order 

to insure success, two are enough in some cases. 
For example , " Mary Poppins" did not originate on 
Broadway; " Paint Your Wagon" is rated " M;" and 
"Oliver" uses a relatively unknown cast. However, 
further investigation reveals that, while only two 
rules are adhered to in these films, they are 
followed to the letter. In surn, no star can carry 
terribly weak material, but a great performer can 
improve upon average material; and if real quality 
is present the star is less important. 

Finally, why the sudden, dramatic increase in the 
popularity of musicals? In this writer 's opinion, the 
musical enables the viewer to "escape" to a greater 
degree than does the average film . The unreality of 
people singing and dancing in places and situations 
where people usually don 't sing and dance con-
tributes to this "escape" factor , which is probably 
one of the keys to a musical's success. 

Because of the steady rise in the amount of ten-
sion in the average person's life since 1945, by the 
mid-Sixties the public was ready for a "mass trip ." 
"Mary Poppins, " "The Sound of Music" and "My 
Fair Lady" provided the needed release . And, since 
the tensions that started the cycle have in no way let 
up, the demand for "escape" films has remained 
constant. 
The form of "trip" provided by the musical is still 
with us and seems destined to remain, at least In 
the foreseeable future. 

l. 

. . 

.' 

r 

Kr.n.k Cone,rt 
Works by composers Ernst 

Krenek, Robert Erickson , 
KeMeth Gaburo, and Edgar 
Varese will be performed for the 
Provost's Muir College Concert 
this Friday in the Muir College 
Commons. 

Special Guests for this event, 
which commemorates the 
opening of the first buildings on 
the new permanent campus of 
John Muir College, are John 
Stewart, Provost of Muir, and 
Ernst Krenek, Honorary Fellow 
of Muir College. 

Krenek, a composer, author, 
and teacher, is making his third 
visit to UCSD since the Fall of 
1967 when, as an Honorary 
Fellow, he participated in the 
inaugural convocation opening 
Muir College. He is a versatile 
composer with an interest in 
almost every medium . His 
writings include some twenty 
operas, five symphonies, seven 
string quartets, choral works, 
works for solo voice, piano 
pieces, chamber music for 
diverse combinations of in-
struments, and isolated pieces 
for organ, accordion , and 
magnetic tape. 

The last medium is the one 
which Krenek has helped to in-
vestigate. His " Exercises of a 
Late Hour " for large in-
strumental ensemble and tape, 
was commissioned for Muir 
College by an anonymous donor 
and premiered at UCSD by the 
department of music two years 
ag.o. 

............................ 

~ GET STONED ~ 
~ ON ~ 
~ TRANSISTORS? ~ 
~ ~ ~ Doog ~ 
... 453-5591 ~ 
... 362 Argo ~ 
........................... 

- ISRAEL-
11 week student Group 
includes 3 weeks in Eur,ope 
and a Mediterranean Crli1se 

call Mart)' : 755-8850 . 

\'-1 f'H1~ Il00 ..... ~LL ~8JUT" 
I'v1\Jllf ~~E • ....vs 
sel.."fIOIJ ,3 • ~ IoPI\.f 
I\OE c.Po\l1.·. ,.. f lc:."f 10,,", 

~LESH NO FISH. '.' ., JOY. 
. f ,/ AND 

YOU KNOW WHAT 
11I.-t .. ""II" 

HELP MV SNOWMAN S 
6U"NING OOWN 

MAIN S'''fET GVM 
BLACK WI/liClOWS 

PARA tOOo/;'ULSE 

~ 
JAN, 

31 

Possibilities 
During his current four-week 

residence at UCSD as a Regents' 
lecturer, Mr. Krenek has assisted 
musicians in preparing his work, 
"An Instant Remembered," for 
performance at the Dedicatory 
Concert. Also to be performed 
are Robert Erickson's "Pacific 
Sirens," "Antiphony IV" by 
Kenneth Gaburo, and "Oc-
tandre" by Edgar Varese. 

The concert begins at 9: 15 
p.m., and is free and open to the 
public. 

Fi". Hour Bla8t 
Love, Sweetwater, It 's a 

Beautiful Day, Penrod and Frank 
Zappa with his Hot Rats are 
presented in a marathon five-
hour five-band concert , with 
"Cream Film," a movie of the 
Cream's last performance 
together . Tickets are now 
available at the Sports Arena box 
office for the February 8 concert. 

Railroad F.8ti"a/ 
The Pacific Southwest Railway 

Museum Association is 
presenting its first annual 
benefit, Film Festival 1970. 

THE BEAUTIFUL 
NON-TOUR 

LEISURELY VISIT 
6 EUROPEAN 

CENTERS. 1/ 2 DAY 
SIGHTSEEING 

WHEN YOU 
ARRIVE.8RITISH 
ESCORTS HELP 

YOU DECIDE 
WHAT'S Nj:XT. 

S.T.O ..... 
PROGRAM 
HANDLES 

DETAILS. THEN. 
YOU'RE ON YOUR 

OWN TO GET 
WHAT YOU WANT 

FROM EUROPE. 

FOR MORE 
INFORMATION 

AND BROCHURE 

Cal m-9500 

FedMlrt War" Tours 
8001 othe lio 

San Diego, Calif. 92111 

~-----------------. 

454-1316 
Rap with your PSA rep. 
Pam Peterson, agent for 
six non-stops daily to 
San FranCISco. Flights 
every hour on the half-
hour to LA. Also, great 
service to Hollywood-
Burbank, San Jose. Oak-
IRnd, and Sacramento. 
You've got ~ 
her number. -"'--. 

~ 

Proceeds from this event will 
support association projects and 
permit additional acquisitions to 
be made for the collection of 
historic "American 
Railroadianna." Screenings are 
to be held at the Ken Theater. 
Comedy, drama, history, and 
many steam railroad operations 
are featured in the scenarios. 
Each movie will be shown at 7 
and 9: 15 p .m . on alternate 
Thursday evenings. 

The films and their dates are: 
Feb. 19, "The General"; March 
5, "Union Pacific"; March 19, 
"The Train"; and April 2, "The 
Retirement of Mr . Napoleon." 
Series tickets are $7, and are 
available from PSRMA Film 
Festival, P .O. Box 12096, San 
Diego, Calif. 92112. Please 
specify which time you desire 
when ordering. Single tickets will 
be available at the box office. For 
more info call 448-6161 or 463-2276. 

Cin,ma 
This week the AS Film Series 

presents Antonioni's " Blow Up" 
with David Hemmings and 

is composer Ernest Krenek, whose mbe 
will be performed at the Muir Provost's Concert this Friday night. 

Vanessa Redgrave . This exciting 
film not only has something to 
say, but it says it with a flair . The 
sequence from which the film 
acquires its tiUe is one of the 
classics. The director 's message 
concerning the real substance of 
realities is eleganUy presented. 
" B!ow Up" at 7: 30 in 2722. 

For those of you who missed 
this Thursday 's showing at the 
Unicorn , The Second In-
ternational Tournee of Animation 
will run through Sunday. Show 
times are at 7:00 and 9: 15 p .m . 

contiflueC: on page 10 

THE VIIIIIAG€ CEIIIIAR 
Presents The Fabulous 

C.C. JONES 
has been pl~ying to 
capacity crowds at 

C.C.J~N€S 

the VILLAGE CELLAR! ........ __ 
Be sure to see this exciting personality, 
his band and his show . .. Mondays, Tuesdays and 
Wednesday ... 9:00 and 11:00 with an extra show 
at 12:30 Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays .... 
DANCING NIGHTLY beginning at 8 pm. No cover 
no mImmum_ Enjoy a gourmet d~nner at the new 
VILLAGE INN ... THEN SEE ONE OF THE GREAT-
EST SHOWS IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA at the 
VILLAGE CELLAR 
(for dinner and show reservations call 453-5500) 

LA JOLLA VILLAGE DRIVE AT INTERSTATE 5 

Tritu Ti ... Janury 30. 1170 PI,I 9 
I. old ! I • 



Tu;t;on continued from p.ge 1 
whatever can be done or i possible to do to prevent any lncrease in 
university-wide fees ." 

Benjamin assured the Senate that expenditures of AS funds for this 
anti:tuition compaign wue legal by Regental regulations. 

Mark Elson, Muir seaator , and Paul Kaufman, lower division 
senator , urged that the AS be careful in organizing any mass drive 
against tuition . A coordinated effort, they said, nad a much better 
chance to bring about positive action than any informal plans. 

The hiring of a public relations firm , Benjamin said, might be the 
best answer for organization of the drive . 

MC GILL PESSIMISTIC 

At the TRITO TlMES-KSDT press conference Chancellor McGill 
implied that there wasn't much chance of mass action to stop tuition. 
However, he said any action could have the positive effect of making 
tuition a political issue . 

McGill said the Regents are now considering two tuition plans : 
Hitch's and Reagan 's. 

Hitch's plan calls for a student administration fee which Mcgill 
called a "euphemism for tuition which adds $180 a year to student 
fees ." This plan would raise funds for defraying the cost of student 
services and would hopefully raise $19 million for capital develop-
ment. The Reagan plan would raise the same amount but use it for 
totally educational functions . McGill said some sort of arrangement 
for delaying payment of the extra fee would be made for those unable 
to pay immediately . 

In McGill 's opinion Hitch presented his plan, which is opposed by 
most of the Regents , because of ~is concern over development of a 
tuition plan which would yield no funds for the university. He sees the 
plan as a way to help the university out of its present difficulties. 
McGill said the university didn 't do well in its budget struggle with the 
state administration and that the president's plan is an attempt to get 
UC through a rough period. 

The chancellor predicted that the February meeting of the Regents 
would produce a compromise between the two plans. 

CAL JET CHARTERS 

EUROPE 1970 
NO MI:MBERSMIP OR REGISTRATION I'I:I:S RI:QUIRIEO 

h.D'On'\ .. , mill,,, by lo_r prices - 1'1, willi our N ....... ellenlr .roulI. 
In .. ,tf'lt, flnt. Don'''' ~n~"'" out.t til .... t mlnut,. " 
ALL I'LIGHTS VIA TRANS INTERNATIONAL AIRWAYS OR 
SATURN AIRWAYS DC·' 5UPER..JETS WITM COMPLIMIENTA"Y 
MEALS AND BIEVERAGIES. 

rii,hl' Anilobl. IS of Jon 1. 1970 

.5P1lING FI.JCIU 
No. 561 - OAKLAND/ LONDON (One WI,) 

March U •. ~~ ............................................... ............................. ·145 
SUMMER FLIGHTS 

No. 532 -LOS ANGElES/AMSTERDAM (Roundtrip) 
JUNE30-AUGUST29 ......•.....•...........•..••..............•........•......•... '299 

No. 533- OAKLAND/ AMSTERDAM (RoundTrip) 
JUNEl5 - SEPTEMBER6 ............ ....... .... ............. ... ........... ' 289 

No. 534 -lOS ANGELES/ lONDON (RoundTrip) 
JUNE IS-SEPTEMBER 7 ....................................................... '28S 

No. 4000 - OAKLAND/ AMSTERDAM (Round Trip) 
JUNEI6 - SEPTE~7 .. .._ ........... _ .....................• '289 

No. S3S-0AKlAND/AMSTERDAM (RoundTrip) 
JUNEl7 - Soplomberl9 ............................................................ 289 

No. 536- NEW YORK/LONDON (RoundTrip) 
JUNEI8-SEPTEMBER6 ............................................................... 199 

No. 537 -LOS ANGElES/AMSTEROAM (RoundTrip) 
JUNE24-SEPTEMBER 2 ............................................... ... ............ 299 

No. 4001- - OAKLAND/LONDON/AMSTERDAM/OAKLAND 
JUNE 19 - SEPTEMBER 21 ... .. .. ...................................................... 289 

No. 4005-0AKLAND/AMSTERDAM (RoundTrip) 
JUlY2 - AUGUST10 ....................................................................... 299 

No. 5_1- OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (l\pundTrip) 
JUlY4- AUGUST 15 .•....•..•..•.......•........••. •.. ..............••...........•....•.. '299 

No. 538"- OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM (RoundTrip) 
JUNE24-..!l1mLST24 ....................•...•.......... = -" ................ 299 

No. 4003 -OAKLAND/lOSANGElES/AMSTERDAM (RoundTrip) -
JULY28 - AUGUST 27 .................... ......................................•...... '299 

No. 4~-ONEWAY-OAKLAND/AMSTERDAM 
JUNE 23 .....••.....•.. FOR APPliCATIONS AND ................••.•..•............ '169 

FURTHER INFORMATION 
RESTRICTED TO STUDEN TS fACUlTY EMPlOyEES~NOSTAFf 

WRITE: AND lHEIR IMMEDIATE fAMILIES • OR PHONE: 
CAL JET CHARTERS (415)922·1434 
2150 GREEN STREET (01ler6 Ind weekend.) 
S.n Fr.nciseo. Cllit. 94123· 

CHARTERS TOJ!-!AN . AUSTRALIA. AFRICA 
ALSU AVAILABLE 

Send a LoveBundle 
for Valentines Week. 

Why squeeze a lot of Love into just 
one day? 

Order a LoveBundle to arrive early. 
It's a unique arrangement designed 
to stretch Valentine's Day into a week. 
Because tle flowers will last. 

A spec ial Valentine. Only at FTD 
florists. A ~ a special price. 

Usua lly ava Ilable at SlZ 50· 
less tha n • 

Ask for it 

tA l an Independent bUSInPSSmBn, each FlO Member FlOrist sets hIS 
own prices. 

P ••• 10 Trj ton Ti",,, JUliry 30, 1110 

B d t Hi 
by Molly Selvin Staff Writer 

The apparent scarcity of 
operating hours for the three 
campus libraries has been a 
persistent and frustrating 
problem for many people on 
campus. However, according to 
Gordon Fretwell, head of the 
Public Services Department of 
the Central Library, the 
operating hours of the campus 
libraries are, for several reasons, 
both quite reasonable and 
economical. 

possibilities ..... . 

cont from page 9 
Coffee Hut - This week's grade 

B loser is just as bad as " It Came 
From Beneath the Sea". On 
Wednesday we proudly present 
" Bonzo Goes to College": Bonzo, 
the educated chimp, goes to 
college and becomes the back-
bone of his school's football team. 

Sat. and tonight: You bet, baby! 
Ralph is hear again. Croudace, 
Pressing and Co. are fantastic, as 
usual! Come out and hear them . 
Jazz-blues-rock-everything! 

Concerts & Dances - DOC Wat-
son, probably the best steel string 
guitarist in the country, and the 
rest of his company, will present 
a concert on the grassy knoll 
behind H.L. Aud . next Mon ., Feb. 
2. Some of his songs include : 
" Blackmountain Rag", "Deep 
River Blues". The concert is 
sponsored by Revelle College 
Government and ASUCSD. 

Cultural - Who knows-maybe 
even " Up With People '''Wed. 
8:30 in the Revelle Cafeteria . 

The number of operating hours 
depends solely on the "general 
assistance" portion of the library 
budget, out of which come the 
salaries of the library staff. 
Current library hours are the 
result of an attempt to help the 
library staff divide its time most 
efficiently between cataloguing 
and processing materials and 
actually operating the library. 
Longer hours could be im· 
plemented, but not without a loss 
of efficiency on the part of the 
library staff . 

Operational duties require at 
least two people to be on duty in 
each library during operating 
hours . When the Central Library 
is completed next July, six 
campus libraries will be. in 
operation. The problem involves 
finding enough money to hire 
enough people to run them ef-
ficiently throughout the year. 

Personnel budget cuts were 
responsible for the shorter 
opeating hours of the Language 
Laboratory at the beginning of 
this quarter. Last year there 
were sufficient funds available to 
hire student lab workers, but as 
of November, funds for this 
purpose had to come out of the 

\ Linguistics Department budget. 
Since there was no increase in 
this budget for the Winter 
Quarter, sufficient numbers of 
workers could not be hired. The 
hours originally eliminated were, 
according to statistics, those in 
which a minimal number of 
students used the lab. However, 
student demands have forced the 
Language Lab to return to the 
operating hours with which the 
1969-1970 school year was begun. 

All but one of the campus 
libraries remain open until 11 
p.m. on weeknights and on 
Sunday. When completed the 

FEBRUARY 

On Sale 
NOW 
NOW 
NOW 
NOW 
NOW 

? 

IN SAN DIEGO 
ON AND OFF CAMPUS ENTERTAINMENT EVENTS 

Performance 
"'''Don't Drink the Water" (Old Globe) until Feb 8 
"'''Playboy of the Westprn World"(O.G.) until Feb 8 
Explorama - "Australia" Feb 2 

"'San Diego Symphony " 5,6 
Vienna Choir Boys " 8 
Quicksilver Messenger " 1:1 
Judy Collins " 15 

"'New York Rock and Roll Ensemble " 15 
"'San Diego Opera - "Faust" " 19,21 

Ferrante and Teicher " 20 
"'Prokofiev Quartet (UCSD) " 28 
"'Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee(UCSD) Mar I 

Fred Waring " 1 

*Student discounts available. 
Reservations for all off-campus events must be made at the 
Box Office window. 

Ticket Information at the Central Box Office, Urey Hall Lobby 
Hours: 10:00 - 4:00 Phone: 453-6151 

1!1"l(1~,:~ 
II"'" llFI 

Hundreds 0' Selectlons--•• ch .1.88 
!~,IH.A ~ Ml'll4' 

.~ "tI '" . .. " 

Sou ndsville locations: 4639 Coliele Ave. I.t EI Cajon Blvd.) 1231 Glmet" PlCific Buch 
277 N. MIIJICIIiI·-Clty of EI Cajon 

'Hour 
.. 

Central Library will have 
roughly the - same hours . 
However, Fretwell feels that, 
because the Central Ubrary will 
be physically isolated for a time, 
it may have low usage and 
consequently shorter hours. (The 
Science and Engineering Library 
in Urey Hall is the only one to 
remain open until midnight. This 
is to accommodate scientists 
running late experiments who 
may need data that only the 
library can supply.) 

Future plans for UCSD's 
library facilities include the 
transfer of the current 
Humanities Library and the 
music and fine arts collection to 
the new Central Ubrary when it 
is finished. The Cluster I Library 
will move into the HL building. A 
new language laboratory will 
open on the Muir Campus, and 
will house the linguistics library. 
Only a skeleton lab will be left on 
the Revelle Campus. 

Fretwell added that, in 
general, UCSD library hours are 
very favorable compared to those 
on larger UC campuses. He 
expressed the hope that, in the 
future, fewer budget cuts and, 
consequently, bigger budgets will 
enable longer library operating 
hours to be implemented. 

EUROPE SlOO to 529S round trip. AI50 
to Israel and Orient. Rep. Am it Peles 
(714) 73S-9140or (714) 737-4684 . lS628·2 
Pleasant View Ave. , Corona , 
California, 91nO . S.D. U .C. E . S.E .P. 
members only . 

1966 Bridgestone 90cc motorcycle for 
sale . 9000 miles. 9 hp. S17S. Call 7SS· 
1882 anytime before midnight. 

Kudos 10 Lisa, Sharon, Sue and Peggy. 
Thank you from stable but sated . 

SA~t 

rr> ~ lFa lLC\ rJ 
(fa@@[M 

* * """"'" * • 

liJQJ 
POVERTY PRICES FOR ALLI 

HAPPY HOUR DAILY 5-6 PM 

GREA TEST FIGHTS 
BALL GAMES, ETC. 
ON OUR CIDSED 

CmCUIT VIDEOTAPE 

SANDWICHES AND PIZZA 

DIME NIGHT (ONE KEG) 
EVERY THURSDAY 8 p.m. 

PARLAY ROOM TAVERN 

225-27 West 15th street. •• 

in the bowe Is of Del Mar 

Dimonte Lifts Cagers 

UCSD 2nd in Davis Tourney 
Guy ~onte, a very good seven-minute stretch late in the who hit Dimonte with a perfect 

shooter In the clutch, con- second half because of severe leg pass at midcourt. Dimonte 
cl~~ively de~onstrated his cramps. However, he returned to dribbled twice, fired from 
ability last Friday as he scored the floor with a minute to play straight out in front at the top of 
t,,:o baskets in the final and followed with the two clutch the key , and swished the ball 
rrunute - the last one as the gun baskets. With the game tied at cleanly through the nets at the 
sounded - to propel the Triton 86-all and 32 seconds on the final buzzer . 
basketbal~ers past UC Riverside, board, Riverside controlled the In the finals on Saturday the 
~,andmto the finals of the UC ball. UCR missed its final shot Tritons were, unfortunately, 
Da'?8 Tournament. . with six seconds left, and the downed by a 32-point effort from 

. Dim~nt.e 'pumped In 28 points, ~itons ' Jim Boyd grabbed his Al Steed, who had a lot of backing 
high mdiVldual score for the biggest rebound of the night. from his UC Davis teammates. 
game, after missing a crucial Boyd passed to Larry Burton, (Guy Dimonte again led the 

Tritons in scoring, with 24 
points.) Matrl!en Edge Pomona; No 

Match for Well Paid Biola 
Triton grapplers fought and finally won a tense contest with Pomona 

Men's College last Tuesday, but then found that their ten-man squad 
was no match for the twoo{)r three-l\undred-man, woman, and child 
Biola team. It seems that when you wrestle the Bible Institute of Los 
Angeles, you not only take on ten of the toughest and best paid 
(scholarship-wise) wrestlers in the district but also a bloodthirsty 
crowd of adamant wives, vicious females, and not-so-nice Sunday 
school kids. 

The freslunen on the team came home shaking their heads in 
disbelief - not at the 32-5 loss but at the environment in which they 
lost. When asked if they'd like a second helping next year they said, 
"Thank you very much, I'd rather not. " Several of the matches were 
very close, but only 177 pound Jeff Graham managed to pullout a 
victory, and Frl'd Grunewald's 167 match was a tie . 

Davis won its own tournament 
by producing a 62-polnt second 
half after trailing UCSD 37-33 at 
the intermission. Plagued by foul 
problems, the Tritons were 
unable to capitalize on their 
opportunity to complete 24 free 
throws ; they made 18, while 
Davis completed 27 of a possible 
39. Davis' blistering second half 
produced a 55 per cent shooting 
average for the game; this made 
the 'difference since the Tritons 
shot only 43 per cent. 

ACTION bas been the word this year in UCSD's intramural basket-
ball program. And this is typical of the action and skills being 
displayed by players on 37 teams that are competing for six league 
championships and the eventual campus basketball title. 

At Pomona, the Tritons showed their characteristic fight spirit and 
determination. Many of the men were having second encounters with 
wrestlers they had met at the cal-Tech tourney, and their wrestling 
showed they were thinking the Pomonans out, anticipating moves. Ed 
Calugay's match was a good example: his rough and tumble match 
with Garcia at the tournament produced an 18-16 victory for the Flea . 
At Pomona, the match was lower keyed, as Ed concentrated on his 
single-leg take down. He reversed Garcia and rode him almost the 
entire second period, then locked him a predicament during the third . 
The final score was 1~, UCSD. 

Sp .... y Kills 
Javier Correa, 126, had also met Nakamoto before and the Pomonan 

again fell prey to Speedy's power. Speedy took him down in the first 
period, allowed him to escape, then took him down again and put him 
into a predicament. The period ran out but just 45 seconds into the 
second period, Speedy tied him into a neat package with a double 
chicken wing and put his shoulders to the mat. 

At the 134 and 142 weights, where Bob Wilson and Mike Ditomaso 
provide the Triton power, Pomona forfeited. Then at 150 and 158, 
Pomona put on a surge that lasted to the end of the meet. Mark Koide 
was pinned in 2:45, and Ross Smart, a last minute replacement for 
Triton starter John Gressard, put on a determined effort but couldn't 
avoid the pin at 3: 40. 

167-pounder Fred Grunewald went into his match with Sam Allen 
knowing he was supposed to lose. Allen had been named most 
valuable wrestler at the Cal-Tech tourney after beating Pasadena's 
Steele. And Steele ha~ just pinned Grunewald. But the 
Grapesquasher wasn't about to let anyone tell him what he was 
" supposed to do ." 

In the first period Allen tried a hip role which Grunewald countered. 
Allen escaped from the takedown and the period ended 2-1. With 
Pomona on top in the second period, Grunewald reversed him for 2 
points with a stand up switch and rode him the entire three minutes. 
In the final period, with only a minute to go, Allen reversed the Triton 
and was awarded one penalty point when the ref called Fred for 
stalling. When the final buzzer sounded the score was 4-4 but the 
riding time advantage gave Grunewald two points and he won 6-4. 

Exciting Finale 
Tension reached a peak during the final three matches as Pomona 

made a desperate attempt to tie up the team scores. They came 
dangerously close to succeeding. Jeff Graham was completely 
overpowered at 177, but wouldn 't let himself be pinned. He lost 0-9. 
Then Joe Prenn faced a more experienced Pentz at 190 who dominated 
the first two periods and piled up riding time. Even with a fierce last 
period, Joe couldn't reverse the trend, and he lost 3-9. 

Howard Clark, in the heavyweight division, showed his charac-
teristic aggressiveness against a much more experienced wrestler. 
With a series of takedowns by Clark and reversals by Chapman, 
the match ended 8-8, but Chapman had held on to one point for 
riding time so Clark lost a heartbreaker 8-9. 

Coach Millenbah singled out Fred Grunewald's match as the best 
performance of the evening and named him wrestler of the week. 

7th Annual 
Europe 

Jet Flights 

Los Angeles-London (Round-trip) 
(For Itudenll. facully and otaff only) 

SprIng Qu.rt.r Spec'.' 
March 28.June t6 11 Wk.. $255 

Summer Flights 
Jun. l~·Sep . 22 I. Wk.. $295 
Jun. 21.Aug. 21 8 Wk.. $295 
Jun. 22·Sep. 8 t 1 Wk.. $295 
Jul . s·Sep. 3 8 Wk.. 5295 
Sap. 28 LA·London (One·way) $13f 

L TS Travel Service 
4246 Overland Ave. 
Dept. A . 
Culver City, Calif. 90230 
(213) 839-7591 
Marty: 755-8850 

Intramural Basketball 

31 Hoop Teams Vie for S~x League Titles 
Courtesy L ·S*O 

The Meher Baba Legion must either have paid the 
refs or have had an inside track on a great messiah , 
because they won once again . It seemed that 
whenever the ball bounced off the backboard, it 
bounced either to Duncan or Weir . Out-matched in 
height and depth, MBL, in their sedate, relaxed 
manner disposed of C.O.D. 46-40. 

The third edition of the Nads is without a doubt the 
worst! The old faces lost and the new ones gained 
have not changed the intrinsic nature of the ads 
that we have all come to love so well. ew member 
Sam Khaury did nothing to mar the ads record of 
hacking, fouling , and generally mutilating their 
opponent, this time the Orcs II. Trailing only 29-4 at 
halftime, the Nads were reinforced by Peter Kane 
and assorted sideline hangerso{)n . Sparked by a 
Petey at the pivot (where else?) the Nads 
quadrupled their score and lost only 55-16. 

After some mix-up on when they were supposed to 
play (Jason, can't you get anything right ?), the 
Panthers met BOI. The Bombers expected a tough 
battle from the Panthers, and were not disap-
pointed. Sustaining several bruises, (right But? ), 
they trounced the Blacks 51-24. 

The Yuba City Honkers beat F .O.C. 2-0 in a real 
thriller . This was not the result of a super-stall; it 

OMT LEAGUE : 
Meher Baba Legion 
C.O.D . 
Philosophy 
Soulhside Sewage 
Weasels 
xxxx 

SMACK LEAGUE : 
Mudhens 
Canlanall 
Y. C. Honkers 
F .O.C. 
H . Dinker 
Argo III 

GRASS LEAGUE : 
Progerians 
Psychology Dept. 
Bunglers 
Ob'e 
Checkered Demons 
S. Shytheads 
Peace Feelers 

League Standings 

2 • 0 
1·1 
o . 0 
o . 0 
o . 0 
O · 1 

2 · 0 

SNOW LEAGUE : 
D irty Bi rds 
Cabrillo Hall 
Kr ispy Kroller 
Orcs II 
L .S.C. 
Nads 
puber ty R ites 

2 · 0 OPEN LEAGUE : 
1 . 1 
1 · 1 
o · 2 
o . 2 

2 · 0 
2 • 0 
o · 0 
1 · 1 
0 - 1 
0 · 1 
O . 2 

Oevil's Ad vocates 
Cabrones 
Rubberband 
Panthers 
Wimps 

GOLD LEAGUE : 
BOI 
But Fakes 
Scripps 
PML 
Weenies 
Panthers 

was a result of the fact that F.O.C. never got out of 
bed Saturday morning. . 

A group of M.D.'s called the Progerians (Web-
ster 's Collegiate doesn 't define it ; try your Funk 
and Wagnall~ ') easily blasted the spirited Peace 
Feelers 82-16. According to the good doctors , an 
individual suffering from Progerianitis is 
prematurely aging , but spectators would hardly 
guess . (Wonder what they tell the sweet young 
things that come in for physicals?) The M.D. 's 
demonstrated that they could rise to an occasion, 
didn 't shoot blanks, and could really bang away at a 
hole ten feet high. 

E. C. Moseley 's Devil 's Advocates made it two 
straight by trimming the John Thomas-less Rub-
berband, 7l~7. The Devil 's showed the importance 
of a quick guard as Benny Richards got 30 points, 
most of them on lay-ins . Benny had 18 in the first 
half but a stray elbow in the lower frontal region 
forced a premature retirement . 

ote : Some of you hot-shots have been playing 
. for more than one team. If this continl''''s, both 

teams will become ineligible for the pla)'~ffs and 
the individuals involved will be asked to drop out of 
all leagues . One acceptable exception is the few 
players participating in the Open League and one 
other league of their choice. 

l - 0 
2 - 1 
2 - 1 
2 - 2 
1 - 2 
0 - 1 
0 - 3 

2 · 0 
1 . 1 
1 - 1 
o . 0 
o · 1 

2 • 0 
I · 0 
I · 0 
o . 1 
O · 1 
o . 2 

Crew Prospects Meet 
Crew Coach Bill Gebur has 

ca Ued a gene ra I meeting of the 
crew team for Monday night, 
Feb. 2, at 7:30 in the gym 
classroom. The mf?: ting was 

s~ heduled for the purpose of re-
cruiting new mf!mbers into the 
sport of rowing. The coach em-
phasized that anyone who is inter-
ested in trying out should com .. to 
this meeting, regardless of pre-
vious experience. Oarsmpn 
have an excellant chance of row-
ing in varsity competition, even 
though devoid of experience. 

JOSE ORIBE AND THE CLASSIC GUITAR ... Today, Inc. 
PRESENTS 

FOUR EXCITING GUITARISTS IN CONCERT 
FEATURING 

THE MODERN GUITAR QUARTET 

Saturday 
February 7, 1970 
8:15 pm 

"FINEST IN GUITAR ARTISTRY FROM BACH TO BOSSA" 
Pacific Beach Jr. High School Auditorium 
4676 Ingrahm 
Pacific Beac'!t California 

Triton Tim .. JuUl ry 30 . 1910 Pa •• 11 



Fred Bre tz, a counselor from the 
Career.Education Planning Cen ter , 
w ill be avail able in the off ice located 
in the SE Corner of Revelle Commons 
on Tues , Feb . 3 and Tues ., Feb . 10, 
from 6 to 9 p.m . He will talk w i th any 
students interested in career planning 
and related matters . 

Aspects of Planetary vibrations for the week 
Basketball vs . U C Rivers ide UCSD 
gym 6 and 8 p .m . Sat . Jan 31 
Wrestl ing vs. La Verne UCSD Gym 2 
p .m . Saturday, Jan . 31. 

of January 30-February 5 
" Blow Up" will be shown lon igh t in 

USB 2722 at 7 ' 30. Adm isSion is now 75 
cents 

" The Rush" will be at the Coffee 
Hut tonight and tomorrow night both . 

D iscovery Ha ll is sponsoring a 
discussion of Human Sexua li ty led by 
LOIS Kessler from Slate College . Held 
a,' 7 ton ight in Discovery Lower 
Lounge, it is open to all students . 

Works by composers Ernst Krenek , 
Robert Erickson , Kenneth Gaburo 
and Edgar Varese will be performed 
for the Provost 's M Uir College Concert 
tonight at 9 15 pm In the Muir 
Commons 

Dave Frankel will speak on the 
Israel and the Arab Revolut ion at 7 
pm . In HL 1205 

saturday 
" Hanoi. Martes 13 ; A Cuban 's View 

of Viet Nam ," and " West Afnca A 
Day Wi th he Revolut ionar'es " w ill be 
presented in USB 2722 at 7 pm Ad 
mission IS 75 cents 

sunday 
At 7 pm," the Human i t ies library 

Aud i torium the f i rst of a senes on 
environment w ill be a debate between 
Dr Thwa .tes , President Of Zero 
Populat on Growth and Dr Trav is of 
he Econom cs Department The 

sublect w.1I b "S tand ing Room Only , 
2001 " 

tuesday 
Up With People Concert w.1I oe 

g iven Tuesday a 8 30 '" the Reve lle 
Cafeteria Dona Ions are 50c and kt .s 
sponsored by the San D.egu i 0 Area 
"Sing Out " Cast 

Delmar Daves, illustrating hiS talk 
on " A Truly Amer ican Art The 
western F il m ," w ill show " Broken 
Arrow " at 7 p .m tn Sumner Aud 

wednesday 
There w ill be a general meeting and 

party for all hose students who are 
now or have been connected With 
" Dimensions of Black " (" Black Arts 
Red iscovered") Come to 507 MC for 
more Information 

" Bonso goes to College " w i ll be 
shown at 9 P m at the Coffee Hut 

Sidney Goldfarb, a radical poet 
from Boston , will be read ing from his 
work on Wednesday , Jan 28, at 4 p .ol 
in the Revelle Informal Lounge 

Wrestling vs . San Diego State UCSD 
Gym 3 p .m . Tuesday, Feb . 3 
Basketball vs . LaVerne UCSD Gym 6 
p .m . and 8 p .m . Fr iday , Feb. 6 
Wrestl ing vs . Azusa Pacific UCSD 
gym 2 pm. Sal Feb 8 
Intersquad Invitational SWi m M eet 

Friday , Jan 30, 4 P m . UCS D Pool 

clubs 
Alpha Sigma Ph i-Wednesdays 6: 30 
USB 3060 
Angling Association-Monday, Feb . 9, 
5 p .m. Informal Lounge 
Bagpipe Band - Mondays 7 pm ., 2A 
2101 
Black Students Council - Wednesdays 
7 p.m . 2E 3902 
Br idge Club- Sundays 7 pm . Pump 
House Annex 
Chr ist ian Science Organ i zation -
Mondays 7 P m Informal Lounge 
Folkdancers - Tuesdays and Fridays 
( Lessons ) 7 30 pm MC 304 
Libertar ian All iance Thursday , Feb 
5, 7 30 Blake Hall Conf Lounge 7 30 
pm 
Russ ian Club - Thursdays 7 P m 
Language Lounge 
S D S - Tuesdays 7 30 pm . USB 
4050A 
SIMS Thursdays 8 pm USB 3070 
Introductory Lecturp 

lectures 
Mr Kenneth AV lo from Purdue 

Un ivers ity w i ll speak on " Family 
Planning and Endogenous population 
Growth" Mondays at 4 P m In USB 
.. 030A 

Mr Kenne:,l Sm i th , Asst Professor 
of Economics at University of 
WisconS in w ill speak on " The Effec t of 
Uncer tainty on Resource Allocation In 
a General Equillbrtum Model, " today 
at 3 30 pm . 

" The Econom ics of a Free Society " 
is the topic of the upcomtng recorded 
lecture by Nathaniel Branden . 
Presented by the Libertar ian Alliance 
on Thursday at 7 30 in Blake Lounge , 
attendance IS necessary for un 
derstandlng the follOWing lecture, 
Common Fallacies about Capitalism . 

on-campus 
Take the Provost to lunch ( Dutch 

treat )! If you got something to bitch 
about (Natural Science , Humanities 
re uirements, minors) , get Saltman 
at ~he Coffee Hut or R::velle Cafeteria . 
Make prior arrangements by phone , 
ext. 2231. 

THE ASSOCIATED 

Coffee Hut 
Wednesday, 

" 

'BONIO GOES 
Feb. 4 9:00 
TO COLLEGE' 

plul 15C Hot Dogi 

Friday and Saturday, 9:00 
THE RUSH 

Dr . George Burch i ll , the d irector of 
the Career Educat ion Plann ing 
Center will be ava ilable at the 
following places and t imes to tal k 
about Cali fornia t eaching credential 
reqU iremen ts ' Mon. 34 p .m . US B 
3020, Tues . 3-4 p .m. HL 1205, Wed . 6:30 
to 8 p .m . in USB 3010. 
KSOT 
Don ' t listen to AM radio, listen to 
KSDT 550 
1. Engineer S wanted to f i x all sorts of 
sp i ffy elect r ical eqU ipment. 
2 listen to the Markey Maypo shOW 
on Sunday nights at 9. You never know 
whO may drop by . 
3. Public i ty director wanted . Gotta be 
crea t ive . See the manager . 

off-campus 
The Ecum eni cal Commun i ty 

cont inues to meet on Wednesdays at 
the student lounge Of Universi ty 
Lutheran Church At 5 p .m . dinner is 
served for a 25 cent donation . At 6 
P m, three special tnterest groups 
w i ll meet Social Act ion, w i th Bill 
Coats , Episcopal chaplain ; Group 
Encounter , with Ed Donovan , 
Catholir pr iest; and Theological 
Study, w i th John Huber , Lutheran 
pastor 

A new Inquirers group has been 
started for those who have questions 
about Christian faith , ethical 
deCisions, denominational dif 
ferences , choice of church mem 
bership, and what i t all has to do with 
life andeverl'day reality . The group 
meets weekly in the lounge of 
University Lutheran Church 
Tuesdays at 7 .30 p .m . until 9 pm . 

'64 Triumph Spi tf i r e good cond o roll 
ba r . 5695. 279·9666. 

Pend ing marriage for ces l iqu idat ion 
of persona l estate to m eet expenses. 
' 62 Alpha Romeo, new eng . 5950. Ster lo 
component syst em AM·FM, numerous 
books and a lbum s. Ray-427.4532. 

FOR RENT- Panelled stud io, room 
and bath, pr i v . entrance, refr lg . 570. 
Point Loma . 224·1088. 

Roommate needed . House i n Solana 
Beach . On ocean . Yard. 7 m i. 575 
i ncludes ever yth ing . Paul Burnell 453· 
4100 or 755·8943 . 

1960 For d Stat ionwagon . Ha s 1970 
lICense. Good t ra nsportat ion . 278·8086. 
Make Offer . 

STUDENTS 

...... Delineations of ORACLE, 
with Aspects by Susan 
Gormlie 

h ARIES: 
• Mar. 21-Apr. 19; 

Firey ; Arians experience 
speeded-up activities as your 
ruler , Mars , visits your sign, 
aspecting a very favorable moon. 
Aloof detachment and supra-
consciousness will avoid trials of 
Thursday, as Uranus moves to 
oppose your Mars. 

~TAURUS: 
; ~ Apr. 20-May 20; 

Earthy; The moon is in op-
position to your ruler Venus and 
the sun, causing concern, rivalry 
and precaution until Mon-
day - at which time romance 
can be serious and you and your 
dreams will win. 

GEMINI: 

May 21-June 21; 

Airy; The SUN IN EQUALLY 
AIRY Aquarius lends stimulation 
and inspiration of creativity, 
along with a favorable moon 
aspect to your ruler Mercury and 
to Neptune. Focus on 
specialization and begin saving a 
fund of bread for a future sur-
prise. 

CANCER: 

June 22-July 22; 

Watery ; Your ruling moon is 
transiting unfavorable aspects 
with Saturn, the Sun, and Venus, 
postponing romance and opening 
misunderstandings. Patience and 
higher serenity neutralize 
vibrations. 

Friday Night 
Movies at the 

'BLOW UP' 

USB 2722 
7:30 75¢ 

DO(~ WATSON IN CONCERT 
Feb. 2 11- 2 

Behind HL Building 
FREE 

Plge 12 Triton Time. Jlnuary 30, 1970 

July 23-Aug. 22; 

Firey ; The negative aspects of 
the moon to your ruler, the Sun, 
may cause mounting flames of 
friction before the week is out. A 
cool head and magnanimus 
approach attract Wisdom to 
champion it off. 

vmGo: 
Aug 23-Sept. 22; 

Earthy ; Reject all id~as to buy 
something , make lmporta.nt 
changes or investments, while 
the moon is negative to the Sun, 
Saturn and Venus this week. 
Your ;uling planet Mercury, in 
harmony with the moon creates 
an excellent studying aura . 

LIBRA: 

Sept. 23-0ct. 23 ; 

Unfavorable forces between the 
moon and your ruler Venus 
negate financial and romantic 
progress. Charge this orbital 
influence with genuine patience 
and free-flowing feelings . 

SCORPIO: 

Oct. 24-Nov 22; 

Watery ; With the moon in your 
own sign Scorpio , and har-
moniously aspected to your 
ruling planet Pluto, contentment 
and thoughtfulness are high. 
Enjoy lift while remaining alert 
and especially serene on Thur-
sday to avoid negativity. 

~ SAGITTARIUS: 
.. Nov. 23-Dec. 21; 

Firey ; As the moon enters your 
sign Saturday, p.m., it is also in 
beautiful aspect with your ruler 
Jupiter. New knowledge is easily 
absorbed and social affections 
are spotlighted. 

CAPRICORN: 
Dec. 22-Jan. 19; 

Earthy ; Favored by your ruler 
Saturn, you are enjoying mental 
brightness as the moon enters 
your sign Monday, p.m. Respond 
with a flare which could produce 
magical results. 

AQUARIUS: 
Jan.20-Feb.18; 

Airy and altruistic, your ruler 
Uranus is first afflicted and then 
favored by the moon this week. 
Mars also opposing Uranus on 
Thursday, before the New Moon, 
indicates a time to be not im-
pulsive in thought, word or deed. 

PISCES: 

.'eb.l9-Mar.20; 
Water-ruled by Neptune, your 
planet conjoins with the moon 
creating warmth and passivity. 
Emanate joy and avoid rashness. 


