
UCSB BREAKS OUT IN 'GHErrO' RIOT, 
REAGAN .DECLARES STATE OF EMERGENCY 

Roger Showley 
News Editor 

paper, the actions against the companies are a result 
of "exploitation" of students, who occupy about three-
fourths of the homes and apartments surrounding the 

UC Santa Barbara, known as the University of Cali- campus. The Bank of America was attacked because 
fornia's calmest, quietest campus, felt another blow it was seen as representing "the financing of the Viet-
to its stereotype Wednesday and yesterday when stu- nam War and capitalist repression." 
dent frustration in the surrounding community erupted ~eaction from UCSB indicates, EL GAUCHO reporters 
into a so- called "student ghetto riot". said yesterday, that the university can take disciplinary 

Realty companies, a branch of the Bank of America, action against students who are involved but official 
and Goleta police cars were the targets of the resi- policy has not been 'decided upon. ' 
dents of Isla Vista, the residential area that borders on Chancellor Vernon Cheadle said at a Thursday pres" 
UCSB, where the majority of the 18,000 student body conference, "There is no reason why we cannot resolve 
lives. In response policemen from Santa Barbara coun- these differences peacefully, given the committment to 
ty teargassed the rioters, and arrested 38 people at do so." 
last co·unt. Vice-Chancellor Goodspeed went on to say that the. 

Gov. Reagan called a state of extreme emergency students have valid complaints because of their lack of 
after meeting with city and county officials yesterday sufficient voice 10 community policy. In campus gover-
in Santa Barbara, and promised to provide National Guard nance he said UCSB was trying to increase s tudent in-
units and Highway Patrolmen when local officials re- volvement. 
quested them. ASUCSB Executive Vice-President Greg Knell reHer-

He further said that he would ask State Attorney- ated Goodspeed's remarks by saying that students face 
General Lynch to investigate to see who the leaders are. a "denial of access to channels of author ity" meaning 
If William Kunstler, the defending attorney for the Chi- civil authorities. ' 
cago Seven trial who spoke at UCSB Wednesday, is in- . He e~plained that r esidents in Isla Vista frequenU1' 
vited to speak at another campus of the university, Rea- fwd the.lr apartments burglarized, their friends har assed 
gan said he would call a special meetng of the Board by polIce, and experience tension with the r ealtor s. 
of Regents to prevent Kunstler's appearance. . The activities in Isla Vista began Tuesday night when, 

He further said that any large groups congregating after a non-student was arrested by police, a group of 
in the Isla Vista area will not be tolerated. As a result, stUdents and non-s tudents fire-bombed a sheriff's car 
350 policemen were sent to the site of a rally last night set bonfires in the streets of Isla Vista, and broke win~ 
at 6 p.m. to disperse any crowds that might have appeared. dows of realty company buildings . • 

" Perfect Park" near the campus at 5:30 after William 
Kunstler, defending attorney for the Chicago Seven, 
spoke at the campus s tadium. For mer student Richard 
Underwood was arrested and taken to the county ja il, and 
the crowd began mar ching through the residential commu-
nity. 

By .8 p.m. police had sealed off the entire area, 'pre-
venting any automobiles from entering or leaving. Rioter s 
began turning over cars , and broke into the Bank of Amer-
ica, where a trash can fire was set. 

An hour later, 75 to 80 sheriff's deputies arrived by 
bus with riot equipment. They wer e met at the bank with 
volleys of rocks, which they threw back at the cr owd, ac-
cording to EL GAUCHO sour ces. They left the scene at 
10 o'clock p. m. . 

The streets were barricaded about midnight and the 
bank's inter ior was totally char red. At 2:30, 200 police 
arrived from UCLA, UC Berkeley. UCSB, Oxnard, and 
Santa Barbara and San Luis Obispo Counties to marr'!l 
through Isla Vista in order to clear the streets. Only about 
150 people were still on the streets , EL GA UC HO reported. 

By 5 a.m. the police were arresting anyone s till lin-
fer ing outside apar tment buildings and homes. 

No disturbances occur red yesterday, while s tate and 
local officials were meeting to deal with th "ghetto riot". 
Bank of America spokesmen assured clients that their 
accounts were in no danger, since the records were se-
cured in a vault in the local branch. 

The campus is "stunned" by the violence ELGAUCHO 
reporters said. Students have mixed feelU;gs about the 
events. because while they deplore the violence. thev 
condone the reasons which seemed to have prompted 
the outbur sts. 

Volume 9 , Issue 8 University of California, San Diego February 27, 1970 

" The university is totally 
dependent on us. We hold the 
,purse strings. Let's use them." 

" We must have a renaissance 
of Americanism to cope with the 
barbarians whom we have 
tolerated too long in our midst. " 

These are the public thoughts 
of State Assemblyman John Stull 
of Leucadia. Though he will 
appear at UCSD next week to talk 
on pollution, he has more often 
been seen as the primary an-
tagonist of the La Jolla campus. 

Stull has said that his deep 
interest in politics stems from a 
tour of duty in China during the 
last days of Chiang Kai-shek 's 
mainland regeme, and became 
acute during the political con-
troversies surrounding the 
Korean conflict. In the early 
1950's, Stull was concerned about 
the " gun gap" and made 
numerous speeches to various 
Navy and veterans' groups about 
increased defense. 

Call For Reform 

In 1964 Stull was the executive 
director of the Goldwater for 
President campaign in the North 
County. Having this experience, 
and knowledge of the Leucadia 
district (after living there for 20 
yeaTS), Stull ran for State 
Assemblyman. His campaign 
platform called for tax structure 
reform, promoting "the general 
welfare while discouraging 
welfare promoters;" cracking 
down on the university to 
" develop academic respon-
sibility rather than anarchy;" 
increasing the prestige and 
authority of law enforcement 
agencies in California; 
promoting State fiscal in-
dependence with less dependency 
on Federal funding; and lastly 
supporting the California Water 
Plan (Feather River Project). 

From election day on , 
Assemblyman Stull launched into 
attacks against the university, 
singling out the new UCSD 
campus for particular 
vehemence. Stull was in the 
forefront of the attacks on 
Professor Herbert Marcuse 
during the conflict over hi 

If I ran 
the University 

· Stull 

"The univerlity il totilly dependent an UI. 
We hold the purse strings." 

rehiring by the university. At that 
time, he called for the immediate 
dismissal of Marcuse, whom he 
regards as a "nihilist," on the 
grounds of " indoctrination of the 
students in his classroom." Stull 
also called for Chancellor 
McGill 's removal for supporting 
Marcuses' rehiring. 

When Black Panther leader 
Eldridge Cleaver app ared on 
campus late in 1968, Stull 's 
reaction was violent. Cleaver, 
" that racist.felon," could not, 
according to Stull , use the 
facilities of the university to 
spout off his " racist , 
revolutionary rh toric " to a 
captive audi nce. 

The tenure system of the 

by 
DIVe 

Stllrnl 

university came under bitter fire 
from Stull . In 1969, Stull 
threatened to " introduce a 
statewide initiative in 1970 to deal 
with the inadequacies within the 
Board of Regents ." This 
initiative has ince been in-
troduced. The bill is an attempt to 
deal with professors such as 
Richard Popkin and Marcuse at 
UCSD, whom Stull has called 
"hard-line revolutionaries, eager 
to overthrow the ystem." 

The university , claims tull, 
refuse to ee the differences 
between revolutionary activity 
and youthful " high spirits." To 
help distinguish the difference , 
Stull advocat d financial restric-
tions. " imply tightening th 
pur trings would eliminat 

campus chaos." The strings have 
been tightened. 

To counter the " system 
overrun with nihilists," Stull 
made a number of suggestions 
dealing with the university in a 
form letter sent to his con-
stituents in late 1969. These 
suggestions were designed to 
"curb the anarchy," and return 
the university to its former 
"academic greatness." 

First, UC PreSident Charles 
Hitch is to be fired , and Alex 
Sher iffs, Gov . Reagan 's 
education advisor, is to take his 
place. Next, the UC Regents are 
to change their policy on campus 
speakers : the " Marcuses, 
Cleavers and the like" are to be 
kept out. If this policy cannot be 
effectively carried out on the 
local level , the chancellors are to 
be dismissed. 

Militants to be Di allowed 

Thirdly. no militant groups of 
any kind (SDS, Panthers) are to 
be allowed on campuses. Fourth, 
each UC student is to enter into a 
contract with the university 
which " a cknowledges that a 
college education is a privilege." 
Tlus contract will ensure that 
each student will not engage in 
any disruptive ac tivities on 
campus. If the contract is broken, 
the offender is to be given a 
hearing before a board of con-
duct, and , if found guilty, dis: 
missed from the UC system 
entirely. 

Sixth, the individual faculty 
senates are to be reorgaruzed 
along "democratic line:; ." No 
further explanation was given . 
Lastly, though by no means th 
least, "nihilist Marcuse" i ' to be 
uspended from th cia ·;room. 
Elected to the 80th distrh·t seat 

of the State As embly in 1966, 
Iowa-born Stull cam( to 
California in 1944. Stull r c~ived 
a B.A. from th Uni r it 
Iowa, and went into the avy, 
where he erved for 20 year until 
r tiring with th rank of Com-
mander . He marri d hi wife, 
Babbie , in 1944. Th tuII hay 
on daughter, inara , who at-

nds \Vhittier Coli ge, Richard 
i on' alma mat r . 



Ant;·War Morement Plans Student Spring 
Offen ·re at ,Nationa' Conference 

CLEVELAND, Ohio-(CPS)- The nation's 
largest student antiwar conference gave a vote of 
confidence to t.'1e Student Mobilization Committee 
(SMC) national staff by approving the spring action 
program of the national executive secretary, Carol 
Lipman . 

Although debate was intense, and often loud, 
during the three-day SMC.sponsored meeting at 
Cleveland's Case Western Reserve University Feb. 
]3-15, the less radical, less militant delegates won 
their fight to keep "Student Mobe" on basically the 
same path it has tread, 

The program calls for a week of antiwar action 
April 13-18, with local communities creating their 
own specific programs. April 15 is to be the central 
date for a national student strike. 

More than 3,100 antiwar students from across the 
country attended the conference, which wound up 
pitting the Revolutionary Youth Movement (RYM ) 
against SMC's traditional leadership and the Young 
Socialists Alliance (YSA). 

While many of the delegates were independent of 
organized political affiliation, there was substantial 
participation by the Progressive Labor party (PL), 
International Socialists (IS), Cambridge SOS, John 
Brown anarchists, youth Against War and Fascism 
(YAWF ), GI antiwar movement, RYM, YSA, 
Yippies , New Mobe and numerous other traditional 
left and antiwar groups. 

Representatives of the Viet Nam Moratorium 
Committee (VMC) attended, but participated only 
minimally. Only a handful of Weathermen from 
Ohio participated. 

For the first two days, the splinter groups 
remained divided over the value of national versus 
locally-planned actions, the value of peaceful dem-
onstrations versus militant actions and civil disobe-
dience. and the role of anti-racism, anti-
imperialism and worker-student alliances in the 
antiwar movement. Four tons of literature was 
printed and distributed during the weekend. 

RYM 's proposal called for a three-month continu-
ing effor t, and sought ideological expansion of the 
"Student Mobe." RYM and the Independent 
Radical Caucus called for continuous struggle 
against the war , racism and imperialism all spring 
rather than for only one week . Included in the pro-
gram were a week against the draft March 16-21 , 
regional demonstrations at stockholders ' meetings 
of major war corporations (including General Elec-
tric ) Apri1 2()"28 and May mass actions related to the 

GI movement. 
The RYM proposal sought to change the primary 

slogan of SMC from "Rring All the Troops Home 
Now" to "U.S. Out of Viet Nam Now." Supporters 
argued the former slogan does not deal harshly 
enough with U.S. imperialism in Viet Nam and it is 
racist, as it expresses concern for U.S. troops with· 
out concern for the Vietnamese people who are 
dying daily because of the U.S. presence. 

The Lipman proposal offers the movement local 
control of antiwar action, and presents a setback to 
those delegates wanting another massive 
Washington D.C. demons!ration this spring on the 
line of last November's action, 

Ron Young, project coordinator for the New Mobe 
(New Mobilization Committee to End the War in 
Viet Nam ), announced his group 's plan to organize 
"mass demonstrations in hundreds of cities" April 
15, the same day as SMC's campus action. Young 
said ew Mobe's winter-spring offensive will con· 
centrate on confronting the oppression of the Third 
World , the draft, and the profiteering of large cor· 
porations, as well as mass action directly against 
the war . 

Miss Lipman said, in presenting her program, 
" We can now close down schools over the war, We 
couldn 't always do that." 

Keynoting the conference, Jerry Gordon of the 
Cleveland-area Peace Action Council said, " I don 't 
think Richard Nixon 's going to sleep very well 
tonight. .. We 'll let it be known that the American 
antiwar movement is alive and well , , .we 're going 
back to the streets in cities all over the country," 

Movement comedian Dick Gregory told a packed 
gymnasium, " You have your moral force on your 
side . . . use that moral force as an economic 
lever ... you 've proved you can get out crowds, so 
you don 't have to play that bullshit numbers game 
any more." 

" Despite Gregory's remarks , most of the delegates 
remained convinced the numbers game is impor-
tant, and New Mobe 's Young said, "Demonstrations 
against the war will continue until the war is com-
pletely ended." 

The more radical students expressed fear that 
SMC's program was merely a continuation of the 
same approach that has attempted unsuccessfully 
to end the war since 1966. Their hope lies in the 
provision of the Lipman proposal encouraging each 
campus to develop its own plan based on the politi. 
cal awareness of the community, 

This "patch" 

identifies 
the world~ s best 
beer drinkers! 

ANHEUSER-BUSCH, INC . • ST. LOUIS 

PIlI 2 TrDn T;'" , Febr .. ry ~1 1970 

"Immediate Pullout" Gains 

Another Gallup poll, completed earlier this month, indicates 
that even though a majority of American adults are still 
against an immediate pullout of all forces from Viet Nom, an 
increasing number do actually favor immediate pullout, 
Gallup lists 35 per cent in favor of an immediate pullout and 55 
per cent against it. In November the figures were 21 and 73 per 
cent. respectively, Of all the age groups polled, grade school 
children were most in favor of immediate withdrawal (44 per 
cent) , while only 29 per cent of col/ege students held similar 
opinions, 

Maddox Urges Book Burning 

Governor Lester Maddox has now called for book· burning in 
his state of Georgia. At the recent annual Governors ' Con-
ference on Education, he told teachers, parents and school 
administrators : "1 challenge you to do your duty. See what has 
-been added to the curriculum at your schools and burn it." He 
did not specify which texts he though should be destroyed but 
said such subjects as anthropology, political science and 
human ecology " betray our great heritage as Americans and 
deprive our young people of just pride" and that American 
history should be taught in their place. Furthermore, he said 
that sex education courses are aimed at producing "an entire 
generation of immoral sexual perverts who, like untamed 
animals, follow the pleasure principle in all their behavior." 

Stennis on Chicago 

Senator John Stennis suggested Sunday a constitutional 
amendment to eliminate the right of trial in some cases (such 
as that of the "Chicago 8" ) . He said he felt the trial was a 
di sgrace and an attack on the judicial system, " If we can't 
re m edy that some way," he said, " we will have to pass a 
constitutional amendment to say that under certain conditions 
a person would forfeit his right to a trial. " He thought that the 
trial " should have been stopped, and until they were willing to 
proceed as human beings entitled to a trial they should have 
been kept in jail." The senator said disruptions in the trial 
we re the fault of the defendants and their lawyers, " a WillfUl , 
deliberate thing, just a continuation of their street riots." 

Second Massacre 

Evidently My Lai was not the only hamlet almost wiped out 
on March 16, 1968. According to an NBC news report last week, 
almost 100 Vietnamese civilians were killed in a nearby 
village. My Khe, on the same day. Mrs. Ngo Thi De, a sur· 
vivor, was quoted as saying that American soldiers had been 
to My Khe several times in the past, and when they landed on 
March 16, the children ran out to greet them. But the soldiers 
shot the children ; and then she ran for her life, When she 
returned in the evening, she said, she found about 100 persons 
dead, including her daughter and grandchild . ~he said she 
remembered the day well because her mother and sister were 
killed at My Lai the same morning. Capt. Thomas K. 
Willingham has been charged with the unpremeditated 
murder of an unspecified number of civilians in the hamlet. 

Nixon Declared Enemy 

Harold Fischer, president of the National Education 
Association, the largest teacher'S organization in the country, 
charged that " President Nixon is the greatest enemy of 
teachers since Rutherford B. Hayes and Reconstruction." He 
said at a recent press conference that the 1.1 million-member 
NEA is checking out information that " Nixon has voted 
against every significant education bill since 1946," the year 
the President was first sent to Congress . Fischer outlined his 
hopes that teachers would flex their political muscle to 
become " the most active, powerful political force within the 
mainstream ... 

SPECIAL 
STUDENT AUTO INSURANCE 

AN AVERAGE OF 43% SAVINGS ON ALL AUTO INSURANCE 
IS REALIZED BY PARTICIPATING QUALIFIED STUDENTS 

SAVINGS - $62 
EVEN GREATER SAVINGS FOR MARRIED AND 

FEMALE STUDENTS 

• '1act'm4'!"' GUAAANTElO ' .... r ...... of "w,"9 f'lCOfG 
• .... 0 ..... PI .... 10 I~ VOUA """'"' 
• NO flM.h,)n4If .. 1It.lh" th..., .. ".., ~ATS ~A"S 
• NO M"Me(~SHIP fff ,ertuffM 
• l J(~' It., ,"" !".te- Ilf C .. M'II'n ... 0e.,1 uf t ,."MU; 

COLLEGE STUDENT INSURANCE 
SERV1CE - 2914335 
2223 EI Cajon Boulevard, San Diego, Calif. 

Suite 348 

Discussing mutual problems here are "'lIanl~e!!Or 
William J. McGill and AS President Jeff Benjamin. 
both whO celebrate birthdays today,' McGill. soon 

to leave Cor Columbia as the new President. is 48. 
Benjamin. a senior in the fall. is 21. 

UCSD Prime Target for P~i Beta Kappa 
Cllapfer in 1913; Profs Optimistic 

MoUySelvln 
Staff Writer 

UCSD, as a consequence of its comparative 
newness, lacks some of the national honor societies 
established on many of the older universities. 

Phi Betta Kappa, for instance, is an organization 
honoring the outstanding graduating seniors, and 
occasionally the top juniors, in the liberal arts. The 
society was founded in 1776, and those chosen are 
automatically given lifetime memberships. 

The organizing of a Phi Beta Kappa chapter at 
UCSO revolves around professors Paul Chappen of 
the Linguistics Department and Roy Harvey 
Pearce of Literature. According to Professor 
Chappen, the National Phi Beta Kappa Society 
grants chapters to between eight and twelve new 
schools once every three years. A selection will be 
made this year, but because of administrative " red 
tape," UCSD will not have completed the 
requirements for application in time. Instead, the 
efforts to secure a chaper on campus are aimed 
toward ]973 selection. 

Preliminary applications from the national 
society will be mailed this summer to Chappen and 
a group of Phi Beta Kappa faculty members here 

who have the responsibility for the membership 
action. After these applications are made, national 
inspection teams visit the campus and more in-
formation is requested about the size of libraries, 
faculty, curriculum, and orientation of the campus. 

After the granting of the chapter, each school is 
somewhat autonomous as to the selection of 
students for Phi Beta Kappa distinction. The 
general guidelines have been the maintenance of a 
3.5 grade point average and a " sense of the liberal 
arts quality of each candidate," according to 
Pearce. 

Both Chappen and Pearce agree that UCSD has a 
good chance for chapter selection in 1973, and that it 
will have no trouble in meeting the national 
requirements. In one of its more recent selections, 
the national organization granted a chapter to UC 
Riverside, and many of the older UC caml'uses 
already have chapters , 

Another honor common to many campuses is the 
Dean 's List, a listing of students who have earned a 
specific grade point average during a certain 
quarter. UCSO has such a listing, but because of the 
amount of computer paper work involved, 
notification of honor on the Dean 's List, 3.5 or 
better, appears on the transcript of the quarter 
after the honor was earned. 

'Eille.till" F,,' 
The High Cost of Learning 

Rich HelmUcb 
Feature Edltor 

The new UC tuition charge approved last week by the Board of 
Regents will make the costs of attending UC among the highest in 
America. Next year, it will cost most UC students more than $2450 
( total - all costs in addition to tuition ) to attend the llfI:iversi~y . . 

In addition to existing charges, undergraduates will begm paymg 
$150 per academic year in Fall 1970, and graduate student tuition will 
be increased by $180. The new charges will double in Fall 1971. 

Present UC fees , which range from $318 to $351 ("administrative" 
fees ) on the nine university crunpuses, are ranked 40th in a list of 64 
public institutions surveyed last year by the National Association of 
State Universities and Land.{;rant Colleges. Total annual UC student 
" administrative" assessments by 1971·72 will be between $615 and $655 
for undergraduates, with graduate student fees being $60 higher . 

New Charges Among Highest 

This total UC charge will place the university just under the most 
expnsive institution in the survey, Purdue University in Indiana, 
where students pay $700 tuition annually, A tuition charge of $144 at 
the University of Texas was the lowest , according to the survey, UC 
nonresident tuition fees of $1 ,518 to $1,551 already are among the 
highest in the nation , this survey found. . 

The Regents approved tuition by a vote of 16 to 6, With one ab-
stention. They agreed that California residents with "demonstrated 
financial need" may defer payment of the charges in a manner 
similar to deferrals permitted for existing National Defense Student 
Loans and Regents ' Loans. 

UC President Charles J . Hitch voted against tuition , saying that the 
plan eventually adopted made no conunitment for student aid to help 
those who could not afford the new charges. Hitch last month proposed 
a tuition plan with charges similar to those approved, but designating 
half the money for student aid and half for construction. 

The Regents are expected to propose a $3 million student aid 
program, funded from Regents ' Funds, at their March meeting , This 
will be an effort on their part, through grants and aids, to allow the 
financially unable to continue their education at the university without 
accepting the burden of repaying loans. . .., 

According to UCSD Chancellor William J . McGill, $30 million will be 
produced in revenues from the charge the first year. He said some $5 
to $10 million will be used for the student aid, with the remainder 
earmarked for construction. 

The "educational fee " or tuition voted on by the Regents last week 
was a substitute motion to the Reagan plan, presented to the Board by 
Regent Phillip L, Boyd . The plan, presented to ~e Regents so~etime 
after 1 p.m . Friday, was not put to a vote until 6 p.m ., making the 
afternoon session one of the longest in recent memory. 

continued on page 5 

.'1"f. ~'WingS" of 
s:£ti)TIte PROPHET 

f..,;,../ -; KEN TH E ATER 
Starts Frldap F.b. 61h 7 & 9 p ..... 

~61 Acla ..... Miss lan Valley Fr •• way . Sauth on Ward Rd. 
Rill'" on Ada.... 281.1305 Stude nt Rat.: S1. 50 

EOP Recruits Potential 
Third College Students WHERE 

S~o.t.y 
MIOIJI6I-!T 

A N U N CENSORED 
ALTERNATIVE TO 
S M OTHERED TV 

Jay Sherman 
starr Writer 

The Economic Opportunity Program at UCSD has been performing 
a function vital to the success of Third College by recruiting minority 
an~ economically-deprived students from thE.' San Diego high schools. 
Third College enrollment next fall will be predominantly taken from 
this group of students. 

These students fall into two categories. In the first category are 
those students who meet UC requirements. The second category in-
cludes those students who will be admitted under the 4 per cent UC 
admission clause for students who do not meet normal UC 
requirements . Eighty such students will be admitted to Third College 
next fall. The EOP office has been encouraging both groups of stu-
dents to apply for admission to UCSD all year. , 

"Soon the EOP office will be helping Third College personnel to 
narrow the number of recruited applicants to within the 2O()..student 
limit," said EOP Coordinator Kern Carson. The Selection Committee 
of the Academic Senate will make the final decision as to which 
students will be admitted. 

Two recruiters work out of the EOP office. They go to San Diego 
high schools and speak to assemblies and groups of minority and 
econOmically deprived students in an effort to encourage them to 
apply to UCSD. "Their toughest job is dispelling those myths that 
achieving a university education is impossible for the culturally and 
economically deprived," commented Carson. The recruiters explain 
to students that financial aid is available, With ·the help of UCSD 
members of BSC and MECHA, they try to explain the value of a 
college education to the minority community. 

Some recruiting is also done at San Diego City College, where 
minority students often feel that a four·year education is too expensive 
or otherwise not worth the getting. 

PreSently there are 172 students at UCSD who were brought In under 
EOP. These students have been given financial aid, tutoring where 
necessary, and encouragement to continue their education. 

Carson was pessimistic about obtaining enough financial aid for all 
the EOP students who will be admitted next fall , "EOP is not a line 
item in the UC budget and we are feeling the squeeze of tight money," 
he said, 

Carson who has headed EOP since September 1968, indicated that he 
might be leaving UCSD next faU to do graduate work in Palo Alto or 
elsewhere , He denied all rumors that he is being pressured to leave by 
the UCSD administration, 

IS 
HAWAJ1? 

YO II ougllt 10 go 10 HawaII, 1I0W, willie 
it's sllll tlr ere. 

If your fa mily won't sel1d you 1',,110 goof arolll1d. 
maybe tlrey' ll send you for II", U tI/t' ... ~lly of fI,' ll',' 1I 
Summer Sessio Pl 

If YO II ' re 17 to 25, Adler UIlIt'r r ~lty SIIIdl! TOil" ,,,Ill 
ar r'Ir' fl.f? f:t wr~ks Itl I{awtltl fo r YOIl 1 I' 'IfHHn,~ c'pn IItlll" , 
excep l reg Istrat IOn Gild rillS',·. ("II/I(1I1~/1 11,.,'11 ".11'''" 
H O I4 OtT those, if you w,~Jr) at cl tPH1llt'nll,' 1'''( (' 
Scrld ", the (0 11/--,0", and w,t'II .. .-",.i .'101111 tlt'I"'lltlk 
called "Where ;5 IIII"'U II " It',,, i>t'II11llfll/ll('ok 
We Ihlllk you'll 11 k.· It, IItld If "fl"r """/"'. It 1/011 
walll 10 go, we' lIllandl<' tl,,· '''nll/~,'nh'III' 
c"."" fi.(.ltlt by 1\',.,,..,,, A"'I",. '< I ' ""', "',,," 1".,)0 t .,.( ,. t, .. ~ ", ,It, 
U"'lt ... 'tlt!' 01 H'''''.II 1t".,,,J to'r "" I. ,"' ,tit " ""1 l, '" t." , 

r-----------------------------, 
: I WA • fiT. : 
I I 

: NA .... 1£ 
: ADDI{(55 
: 5TMI I1P 

: 110 I ICT 
I I Adrn D u r' C1t1l f. r,,,,, I' ru,.,'" . .I\UI1" " 'I' 
I .. liI tl"mrntSt . S"" " , (t. ,Hf / ''''IfI''(OIJ.f rl.'' 
I J8' 10<10 L __ _ __ _ _____________ _______ _ _ _ 

e&CKe/'1 v ••• w""OUI lowe, 
lu.' without f •• lIng , f."' •• ~ .,UhouC guilt. 

,~_ THE BEGINING 
If' f \11 , 

FOUR SCORE & 
SEVEN YEARS AGO 

NOTHING LIKE THIS 
WAS GOIN 

T .... T_ .. ., 21. 1110 ..... 3 



COURT 
IUS HOff~ 

PIlESIDINCi 

"Keep ~er quiet ... she's not relevant to this case!" 

!r·o·'e'a'·r:·'·"'G'(ive';:'n'·o';:'·'·"·R'·ea·ga·'n:·'·'·'··1! 
ILar Governor Reagan, . I: 
::: I am a junior at the University of higher education. I know that tuition'::: 
:;:California, San Diego ; my girlfriend is a promotes racism, as people from;: 
::freshman here. She is able to attend minority groups for the most part do not:: 
:::school here due to assistance from an receive incomes as high as those of:: 
:::Educational Opportunities Program whites. I know that the only reason I will:: 
::;grant, which is just sufficient to cover her be able to continue my education with no:: 
;::current expenses. The tuition which you trouble, while my girlfriend will find:: 
:::have just forced the Board of Regents to continuing hers difficult or impossible, is:: 
:::pass will make it very difficult for her to that I am rich and white and she is poor:: 
:::continue her education ; it may even force and black. I cannot come more .directly:: 
:;=her to drop out. My parents are wealthy face-to-face with racism. ::: 

:;:'~nd pay for my education, so I offered to I repeat - I know that tuition was::: 
:::help her by giving her some of my per- passed for political reasons. I have no::: 
::::sonal savings, but she refused, I suppose, doubt that you and your advisors decided::: 
:::;out of pride. that tuition was a good issue to use to win::: 
:::: I know that tuition has no other than a votes in the coming election. Now will you::: 
:::;political purpose. The amount of money it please answer one question: what can li:~ 
:::9rovides is insignificant compared to the do to help my girlfriend now that you::: 
:::;entire university budget, but large have helped yourself at her expense? ::: 
::::enough to exclude poorer people from Sincerely,::: 
:::: Carl D. Neiburger::: 

. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:~:~:~:.:~:.:~:.:~:.:~:~ :~:::::~:::::::::::~: ::::::: ::: ::: :::::::::::::::::::.:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::~::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: : 

Color Tuition White 
by Jeff Benjamin. AS President 

The American political system has again proven 
itself, a campaign promise has been fulfilled ; we 
wilJ be paying $150 to $180 more next year to go to 
UCSD. • 

Tuition is now a reality and with it Reagan has 
slapp d the face of every black, brown, and poor 
white student in California . 

It was seemingly incongruous but not out of 
character that the Regents would approve Third 
College, perhaps the most farsighted approach to 

minority-urban~riented education in the U.S. 
today; yet move to effectively deny admission to 
those for whom the college is intended. 

That tuition even with deferment will limit 
enrollment has been demonstrated. The poor have 
no desire to begin life by gOing into debt ; the lower 
middle class, DJW just getting by, will nei ther 
qualify for defelm ent nor be able to pay. 

It now costs a t out $2,200 per year to go to UCSD. A 
15 per cent incr~ase over the next two years, not 
including inflati >n and the perpetual rise in taxes, 
would be unbeHrable for many prospective UC 
students and thl'ir fltJlui.i~I> . 

To solve this problem the Regents included in 
their plan the pn 'position that " if it appears that, by 
reason of addit onal charges, otherwise qualified 
students would be excluded from the university, 
such facts will be r eported to the Regents by the 
President fo r ar propiiate action." This is, in full , 
their contingency plan for dealing with the major 
problem of tuition . 

How they will determine if those "otherwise 
qualified students" are being excluded is left up in 
the air . In fact, the possibility of ever being able to 
study this expected phenomenon is open to serious 
question. 

Perhaps when the university is attended solely by 
white undergraduates with family incomes of over 
$25,000 per year , and direct ancestral lines to the 

PItt 4 Triton, T ..... , ,FtbfJIIHY 21. 1970 

Mayflower , will the aforementioned exclusion be 
dealt with by the board. 

It is easy to look a few years into the future and 
see our culturally~maciated university as the great 
white hope , standing tall above the swarming 
masses in the state and community colleges. 

The diversion has already begun. The governor 's 
budget has a 50 per cent increase in EOP funds over 
the last year , which appears great on the surface, 
but breaks down like this : 

f . No funds at all for the University. 
2. 2.5 per cent of the increase for the state 

colleges. 
3. 97.5 per cent of the increase for the community 

colleges. 

What this amounts to is a manpower<hanneling 
scheme general Hershey would be proud of. 

Furthermore, when the compromise plan was 
finally presented last Friday it was Reagan who, 
out of his infinite concern for students, asked that 
the tuition be lowered by $10 per quarter from $60 to 
$50 for undergraduates. He also lowered the 
graduate fee by $15 per quarter. 

So Reagan 's plan becomes obvious. He has in-
creased the state EOP appropriation by 50 per cent, 
he has lowered the UC tuition by $10-$15 per quar-
ter ; he has pushed through a deferred plan to aid 
the poor students , he has a student advisory council , 
and he wants student interns to work in Sacramento 
this summer. 

It appears that the old adage , " If you can 't beat 
'em , join 'em," has hit a responsive chord in our 
governor. 

He, by word and action , wants to make peace ; to 
make UC students a benign body ; to manipulate us 
to his way of thinking ; and most of all he would 
make us forget the image of the ogre and replace it 
with the image of the benevolent father ; but the 
blood of James Rector stains deeply the hands of the 
ogre . 

Letters to the Editor 

Women's Fate Ignored 
Editor: 

Jim Sills' morally intoxicated 
arUc1e "Is Abortion Liberal?" is 
in itself a ridiculous defense of 
Mr. Sills' personal position as a 
liberal, and is in no way relevant 
to contemporary issues of legal 
abortion, women's liberation or 
the world's overpopulation. He is 
so eager to defend "biologically ' 
unique progeny" which 
" 'liberated' women ... destroy," 
and to conclude that there is no 
distinction "between abortion 
and the method of birth control 
used by the - classic 
Greeks-exposure," that he 
completely forgets to make any 
valid comment on the essential 
question, which is "so what?" 
The spider smashed under your 
shoe is equally biologically 
unique, and his value not 
necessarily less to his kind that 
an undernourished, deprived, 
anguish-<:ausing child would be to 
humanity. That the Greeks in 
their heyday had already in-
stituted a method equivalent to 
abortion is certainly no fact in 

favor of the argwnent against 
abortion. 

Today, perhaps, we are only 
more humane. We believe that if 
"a reasonabie argwnent could be 
made to show that any birth is a 
traumatic experience for the 
mother" then, indeed, giving 
birth I. deleterious to the 
"mental state" of that particular 
woman-she knows her own 
mind, and her own body. It is not 
her duty to protect the unspoken 
"rights" of her fetus to the detri-
ment of her own rights. 

Me. Sills has once again voiced 
the male chauvinistic attitude 
that women are procreative cows 
who bear the moral responsibility 
of suffering in order to bring 
surplus children into their lives; 
thereby promoting a universally 
unrestricted suffering and 
growing callousness. What, I ask, 
is the real meaning of the phrase 
Jim Sills uses so authoritatively, 
that abortion is a "peculiar insti-
tution" of murder? 

DaDa Rufolo 
Revelle Senior 

Male Chauvinism Shown 
Editor : 

In his article, "Is Abortion 
Liberal?" Jim Sills concedes the 
necessity for population control, 
although he rejects abortion as a 
means . However, until birth 
control techinques are devised 
that are safe, convenient and 
completely effective, and until 
knowledge of and access to such 
techniques is universal, abortion 
will remain a crucial supplement 
to other attempts to limit 
population. And we are far from 
these ideals. 

Mr . Sills makes two 
arguments - or rather , 
emotional pleas. He seems to feel 
that the ability of every in-
dividual to decide when to have 
children is tantamount to state 

Watson 
Article 

Editor: 
I would like to take exception to 

a couple of statements in the 
February 20 article and ask that 
a retraction be printed. 

In the first place, I was 
misquoted about the "friend-
ship" with Governor Reagan and 
Superintendent Rafferty. I did 
not say a personal friendship 
existed, and as printed, it sounds 
like the cheap political threat of 
knowing somebody in city hall. 
Make no mistake about it, I would 
be most flattered to be a friend to 
these men whom I support most 
enthusiastically. 

I think what I actually said was 
more like "it is ironical that at a 
time when my party is in power, 
a pOlitical hatchet job like this 
could happen." 

I feel that my "lack of 
cooperation" in any matter, 
especially in the context of op-
position to Student Health Ser-
vice involvement in the free 
distribution of the pill, needs 
clarification and could be the 
subject of another article giving 
the complete and accurate pic-
ture . 

The " everybody knows" 
statement about the reputation of 
the Student Health Service is a 
deliberate misrepresentation and 
would not be borne out by facts. 

At the moment, J am concerned 
with the "friendship" retraction 
and will let time and an unbiased 
look at the picture, settle the 
other distortions. 

Sincerely, 
Robert M. Watson, M.D. 

control- an imaginative leap I 
am unable to follow. He also 
contends that abortion at any 
time after the moment of con-
ception is murder. Hesitating to 
call a zygote hwnan, he rhap-
sodizes about biological 
uniqueness to justify condemning 
abortion. But it is not· only 
abortion that prevents the 
emergence of millions of unique 
organisms; contraception and 
laws penalizing rape also serve to 
limit hwnan variety drastically 

Mr . Sills summarizes the 
reasons for aborting a pregnancy 
as "inconvenience." It is 
precisely at this point that it 
becomes apparent how deceptive 
his pretence of hwnanitarianism 
is. He presents himself as being 
tremendously interested in the 
fate of every unborn child, But in 
fact he is absolutely indifferent to 
the fate of a child whose parents 
cannot give him the material 
necessities and secure affection 
that are the bases of existence. In 
fact he is absolutely indifferent to 
the fate of a family strained by 
anxiety and poverty. He himself 
confesses to finding insignificant 
the fate of a woman whose plans 
for her own life are suddenly and 
irrevocably disrupted. Pretend-
ing to be concerned about the 
dangers of overpopUlation 
(although only in this country), 
he has no compassion at all for 
the daily misery of those 
biologically unique organisms 
that constitute population. 

Margaret Winters 
Solana Beach 

triton 
tiIlles 

EDrrOR:IN-CHIEF 
Steve Landau 
NEWSEDrrOR 
Roger Showley 
MANAGING EDrrOR 
Haywood Gammon 
COPY EDITOR 
Chuck Graham 
ADVERTISING 
Chela Wakefield 
FEATURE EDrrOR 
Rich Heimlich 
ARTSEDrrOR 
Bill Alaoglu 
SPORTS EDITOR 
Steve Dorsch 
ASSOC. MANAGING EDITOR 
Mike Klayer 
ASSOC. NEWS EDITOR 
Paul Emus 
ASSOC. COPY EDITOR 
Joe Eastem 

-' 

r 

'. 

Lo 

.. 

0# 

Murp~r Clears Watson Maffer and his competency. 
George S. Murphy 
Vice-Chancellor & 

Dean of Student Affairs. 

Cost of Learning 
continued from p.ge 3 

Editor: 
The front page article in the 

February 20 issue of the TRITON 
TIMES vis a vis Dr. Robert 
Watson and the Student Health 
Service leaves me deeply 
distressed. I spoke with the 
reporter on Wednesday of last 
week after she had apparently 
talked with Dr. Watson. 

She told me that Dr. Watson 
reported he was being replaced 
because of his political views. I · 
assured her that that simply was 
not the case. She asked me if I 
would discuss the reasons that 
prompted his resignation. I 
demurred and suggested that 
that was properly a matter 
between the Director and myself. 
We discussed the non-tenured 
quality of administrative ap-
pointees in the university and I 
assured her that the Director, 
along with several other senior 
administrators, myself included, 
serve at the pleasure of the 
Chancellor, the President and/ or 
the Regents . 

I acknowledged that Dr. 
Watson and I have had some 
differences over the past several 
years, that we have both tried to 
address them and, particularly 
during the last few months , have 
been able to resolve them to what 
I think is our mutual satusfac-
tion. 

I have never accused the 
Director or the Health Service of 
providing " inadequate services" 
nor have I ever said that 
"'everybody knows' how poor 
the reputation of the Student 
Health Center is among stu-
dents - especially medical stu-
dents - and how uncooperative 
Dr. Watson has been in making 
innovations and expanding 
services." I intended to make no 
such assertions directly or by 

=============== 
Women's 
Li"'ra'or 
Hosted Here 

Ellen Willis, member of the 
women's liberation group 
Redstockings, noted movie critic 
and writerfor the " New Yorker," 
and author of several articles on 
women's rights, will be a guest-
in-residence this weekend . 
During her stay at the Beagle 
guest apartment, she will be 
available for informal dis-
cussions as well as a program-
med discussion there this 
Saturday evening from 6:30 until 
9 p.m . Discovery and Challenger 
halls will sponsor a talk led by 
her in Challenger's lower lounge 
at 3 Saturday afternoon; and 
Miss Willis will also present her 
views Sunday evening from 6 
until 8 in the Revelle informal 
lounge. 

Although Ellen Willis' guest-in-
residency will terminate Mon-
day, she will not return to her 
Colorado home until after 
Tuesday, March 3, when she will 
be giving a lecture to the Con-
temporary Issues 3 class on 
women, from 2 to 3:30 in USB 
3OlO. 

·AWAKEI 
Yoga Worisllop 

M-W-F 
10:00-10:50 

Fencing Room 
Gym 

OM MANI PADME HUM! 

implication during the TRITON 
TIMES interview. 

The reporter asked me about 
the first bookstore manager, 
whom I told het: I did not know, 
and about Dr. John Geddes who, 
from fall, 1966 until July of 1969, 
was a member of the Student 
Affairs staff. I reported that Dr. 
Geddes resigned last spring, as 
he himself stated publicly at the 
time, because UCSD could not 
satisfy his salary requirements. 

I acknowledged the existence, 
since this past July of a search 
committee for a new director and 
Dr . Watson'a present ap-
pointment as acting director 
pending the naming of his suc-
cessor. And I indicated that Dr. 
Watson's continued presence on 
the Health Center staff would 
properly be a matter for him and 
the new director to address. 

Finally, the quality of 
"cooperativeness" is one of the 
least significant characteristics 
that I am looking for in a new 
director . I hope we can find a 
man (or woman ) with im-
peccable medical credentials , 
who is effective and sensitive in 
working with students and their 
concerns, who can develop a 
productive working relationship 
between the Health Service and 
the Medical School and who can 
take a good Health Service and 
make it even better . 

I regret the fact that I may 
have given your reporter any 
suggestion of my position on the 
matter at variance with this 
statement. What I have said here 
is what I tried to say last Wed-
nesday and it is still my attitude 
on the matter . Political purges , 
whether directed to the left or to 
the right, are no more my cup of 
tea than public condemnation or 
criticism of a member of my staff 

A Case of 
Hi' and Run 
Editor: 

While I was parked in the "A" 
lot in front of Urey Hall on 
Monday (George Washington 's 
birthday), someone smashed into 
the rear of my car and did about 
$100 worth of damage. There was 
no message from the driver of the 
car. 

It is very disheartening to think 
that any member of our 
academic community would be 
engaged in hit and run driving. I 
would appreciate it if the other 
party would get in touch with me 
if for no other reason than to 
restore my faith in humanity. 
. Kurt E. Shuler 

Professor of Chemis try 

Inexcusable 
Tig~twads 
Editor : 

I would like to know from the 
university administration why 
they didn 't get free bus service 
for s tudents after 7:14 p.m ., as 
well as at 5 a .m ., etc. As a 
graduate student living off -
campus, I do most of my studying 
here into the night, and use the 
bus quite frequently at night. My 
own explanation is that they are 
inexcusable tightwads. 

Paul F. Shippnick 
A victim of university-

business collusion 

Later in the meeting Reagan, clearly angered by a long series of 
proposed amendments, most of which wer~ being ~r0p?.sed by 
Regents opposing tuition, accused the .Bo.ard of pure stalling. 

The Boyd motion was remarkably sunilar to the Reagan proposal of 
a month ago. Both plans made provisions fo~ deferred parn:ent of the 
increased fee , and both plans failed to speCify the appropriate use. of 
the funds derived from the fee . The Regents are expected to decide 
tuition allocations at their next meeting in March. 

Plan Adoption Hasty 

During the long afternoon meeting, only those ammendments 
favorable to Reagan were passed. Regent Frederick Dutton, the most 
vocal opponent to the Boyd motion, said later that Reagan had the 
votes necessary to pass tuition ever since last month 's meeting. E f-
forts by Dutton and others to postpone the plan, or " table it" until the 
next meeting were unsuccessful . Dutton called the adoption of the plan 
without adequate discussion " a gag on top of a railroad, on top of a 
deal. " 

The unanimous passage of the Third College Academic Plan by the 
Board that same a fternoon without, as Chancellor McGill put it , 
"smoke and fire," surprised many, including McGill . 

" The passage of the plan ," he said, " illustrates the quality of the 
Academic Plan . The student planners played an essential role by 
creating a fine program," he declared. 

McGill said that adequate local funding existed and the college 
should develop as scheduled. " Provisions for financial aid , including 
EOP funds , should come this year," the Chancellor sa id. " But ," he 
cautioned, " the full effect of tuition on poorer students Will not be 
known until the Regents meet in March. 

Regents Approve Apa rtments 

In other action , the Board approved of the design of eight four-story 
student apartments for John Muir College which are scheduled for 
completion by Septemoer, 1971. 

This project will provide accommodations for 320 single un-
dergraduate Muir students. The design consists of eight four-story 
buildings with two apartment-type units per floor , linked together by 
covered walkways at each floor level. Each apartment un it will house 
ro ur or five students. 

This is the first project to be developed under the UniverSity 
Residential Bui lding System ( URBS) program . Pre-built components 
and demountable wall partitions will make this experimental project 
both economical and flexible. The exterior will be poured-in-place 
concrete to blend with the existing residence hall construction. The 
project will cost $2,702,000. 

NewCamaro. 
Feb. 26th. 

We've never announced a car at this time before. 
But then nobocIy's ever announced a car like this before. 

SUper HuJIer 
If it were an or dinary sportster, we'd have intro-

duced it at the ordinary time. 
Instead, we took the t ime to build a whole new 

Camaro. 
We started with a sleek ne\\' shape and a low l'oad-

hugging stance. 
And added more hood. A fa tel' fastback. \\, ide l' 

doors. And new deeply contoured bucket at. 
The in tl'ument panel wrap around you. \\ itll 

enough dials to make you thin k you're piloti ng a 7 17. 
There are four transmi ion . And ix power plantl; 

up to the Turbo-Jet 396 V8 that yo u can or der. 

~ 
.._llICtlLtltCl. 

Pick the one that be t su its yOlll' dr i\'ing. Then go 
pick 0 11 an open J·oad. 

And make it one ",ith plenty of tw isti ng- turns. 
Because Camaro has a r emarkable ne\\' su pension. 
And standard f ron t disc bra kes fo r a leech-like grip 
on the I·oad. 

:\ew CamaJ\l. Th e upel' Huggcl'. 
Other sport tel's always fearcd it might 

c m to thi . 
And li1l'Y were r igh t. Only thei r t im-



ON STAGE NOW ~YING ' ...... $1-'0 
uc:.sat. 
" 'p. l'etf. 

HALFWAY 
'THE TREE 

Pet ... Ustinov's sharp wit provides 
o reFreshing outlook ... a father at-
tem!>" to "out'drop" his drop-out 
chilflren ... offspring are shocked 
at p'lrenial behavior. 

1l 50 ~1l 00'h .. . "'.d ."v' . 5, " IVOI I phone 239-2255 0noltoen' ~ 3 CO &. $2' ~o FrI_ $-:), £v •• 
II co & $I 50 S". "'an ' or Central Box Office, 
" .SO S'v th,v call. <1 , 1 ".d .... ,' ... c Sa' r.o. Lobby, Urey Hall, UCSO 

olb glo,be tbeatre 
bolboo park an .Iag. 

COlOR TONIGHT 7·30 9 15 

(~~A~~~J 
H CASSIOVAND THE 

SUNDANCE KID 
RAN AWAVWITH 

FOR YOUR BE~WTY SUPPLIES 
S~ 

BEAUTY STORES 
Special Discounts with 

Studen-; Card 
COSMETICS 
SHA.MPOOS 

• 

Clairoil-~aDina l 
Roux-B~ecl< 

English Leather 
Ozon-Hell ite 

Old Spice-Redkin 

DWAVES 
HA.'R SPRAYS 
WIGS 

DIA, 'E SHOPPING CENTER 
4702 CLAffiEMOH M1:.SA RI VD. 
2/7-3242 

WIG SUPPLIES 
GIFTS 

U:-IIVERSITY SQUARE 
SHOP PI G CE:-<TER 
39i9 GOVERNOR DR. 
":l- 63f1 

Plge 6 Triton Tines February 21, 1970 

The nation was shocked and enraged when it 
witnessed, live on television, police beating 
demonstrators and newsmen outside the 
Democratic National Convention in 1968. Newsmen 
made spontaneous anti-police editorial remarks. 
Cameras depicted what was later called a biased 
one-sided view of the confrontation. Chicago'~ 
Mayor Daley, accused of being the mastermind 
behind police tactics, was eventualJy to sponsor a 
network television special giving a "fair" 
description of what happened in his fair city (he,. 
incidentally, was also displeased at the original 
coverage of his shouting down Abraham Ribicoff, 
who was speaking in sympathy with the demon-
strators, at the Convention itself; Daley declared 
"Get down, you lousy Jew Bastard" according t~ 
lip readers who saw the tapes.) , 

Subsequent network editorials, as well as public 
opinion as indicated through the polls, grew more 
and more sympathetic with law-enforcement of-
ficers . 

The Federal Government's net reaction to the 
Chicago incidents was the indictment of eight 
protest leaders associated with the demonstration 
under a newly-contrived anti-riot act. They wer~ 
accus~d of conspiring to cross state lines (thus 
VIolating Federal law) to instigate a riot. The eight 
accused represented the leaders of a spectrwn of 
leftist groups including SOS, the Black Panthers, 
and the Yippies. The Yippies arose concurrently 
with the Chicago demonstrations. Violence had 
initially erupted when police broke up their Festival 
of Life (a pig was nominated for President) . 

The American judicial system, in the person of 
the cou:t. of Judge Julius Jennings Hoffman, has 
now OffiCIally reacted to Chicago's violent police-
demonstrator confrontations which augmented the 
1968 Democratic National Convention. All of the 
eight accused protest leaders are in prison. Their 
defense counselors will go to jail in May. David 
Dillinger, Rennie Davis, Thomas Hayden, Abbie 
Hoffman and Jerry Rubin have been convicted of 
violating the new federal anti-riot act and are now 
serving the maximwn allowable pri~on sentences 
undtr the law, 5 years without bail. They have also 
been fined $5,000 each, and have been ordered to 
pay the cost of the trial, estimated at $40,000. 

Defendants John Froines and Lee Weiner 
although acquitted by the jury, are in prison serving 
six and one-half and two and one-half-month sen-
tences respectively, for contempt. Defense coun-
selors WiLliam Kunstler and Leonard Weinglass 
have been sentenced to prison, effective in May, for 
contempt. Kunstier, chief counsel for the defense 
has been ordered to serve an unprecedented fo~ 
years, 13 days in federal prison. He had never been 
disciplined by a judge before in his 22 years ofl servIce. 

J . Jennings Hoffman : 

. "If crime is, in fact, on the increase today it is due 
In large part to the fact that waiting in the wings are 

I~~~e~s willing to go beyond professional respon" 
~Ibl"tl.es, professional obligation, professional duty 
.n their defense." 

The eig~th member of what was originally the 
~Jcago EIght, Bobby Seale, is serving a four-year 
prison sentence under Hoffman's charges of con-
tempt. Seale is chairman of the Black Panther 
Party. 

Of the estimated 1000 members of the Panthers in 
the U.S., about 10 per cent have been imprisoned 
a~d about 50 per cent are facing criminal charges. 
Violent police raids and overt police harassment 
have also been carried out against the political 
group. The mayor of Seattle has made it etear that 
the Federal Government offered to organize a loint 
raid on Seattle B.P. HQ. He turned them down 
denouncing Gestapo-like tactlts . There are fewe~ 
than five Panthers in Seattle. 

The Vice-President of the United States has 
praised the court for not succumbing to the tactics 
of the convicted "social misfits" and "dropouts." 
The . Adm.i~stra~ion . has, in fact, unanimously 
reaffIrmed Its faith 10 the courts for not buckling 
under to the defendants' open "mockery of and 
distam for" legal justice. 

From the morning session of Oct. 29, 1969: 

THE COU~T : Ladies and genttemen of the jury, 
good morning. 
MR . SEALE : Good morning, ladies and gentlemen 
of the jury. As I said before, I hope you don't blame 
me for anything . 
THE COURT: Mr. Marshal, will you tell that man to 
si t down . 
THE MARSHAL: Take a seat, Mr. Seale. 
MR. SEALE : I know-
THE COURT: Mr. Marshal, I think Mr. Seale is 
saying something there . 
MR . SEALE : I know I am saying something . You 
know I am getting ready to speak out in behalf of my 
constilutiona I rights aga in, don't you? 
THE COURT: I will ask you to sit down, sir. 
MR . SEALE : You know what I am going to say, 
don't you? 
THE COURT : No I don't . 
MR . SEALE: Well , I said it before. 
THE COURT : I don'I know what you are going to 
say and you have a very competent lawyer of record 
here . 
MR . SEALE : He is not my lawyer and you know I 
fired him before that lury was even picked and put 
together. 

'Sit Down Mr. Seale!' 
II, S •. _ W 

THE COURT : Will you ask him to sit down, Mr . 
Marshal? 
THE MARSHAL: Sit down, Mr. Seale. 
MR . SEALE: What about my constitutional right to 
defend myself and have my lawyer? 
THE COURT: Your constitutional rights-
MR. SEALE: You are denying them. You have been 
denying them. Every other word you wy is denied, 
denied , denied, denied, and you begin to oink in the 
faces of the masses of the people of this country. 
That is what you begin to represent, the corruptness 
of this rotten government, or four hundred years. 
THE MARSHAL: Mr. Seale, will you sit down. 
MR. SEALE : Why don't you knock me in the 
mouth? Try that. 
THE MARSHAL : Sit down. 
THE COURT : Ladies and gentlemen of the lury, I 
regret that I will have to excuse you. 
MR. SEALE : eTo the jury) I hope you don't blame 
me for anything and those false lying notes and 
letters that were sent that said the Black Panther 
Party threatened that jury; it's a lie and you know 
it's a lie, and the government did it to taint the jury 
against me. 

(The following proceedings were in open court out 
of the presence and hearing of the jury.) 
MR. SEALE: You got that? This racist and fascist 
administrative government with its superman 
notions and comic book politics. We're hip to the 
fact that Superman never saved no black people. 
You got that? 
MR. KUNSTLER : I might say, your Honor, you 
know that I have tried to withdraw from this and you 
know that Mr. Seale-
THE COURT : I don't know what you tried to do. I 
know your appearance is of record, and I know I 
have your assurance orally of record that you 
represent this man. 
MR . KUNSTLER : You have a withdrawal of that 
assurance, your Honor. You knew that on Sep-
tember 30th, you knew that Mr. Seale had 
discharged me. 
THE COURT: You represent him and the record 
shows it. 
MR. KUNSTLER : Your Honor, you can't go on 
those semantics . This man wants to defend himself . 
TH E COU RT : This isn't semantics. I am not fooled 
by all of this business. 
MR. SEALE: I still demand the right to defend 
myself. You are not fooled? After you have walked 
over people's constitutional rights? 
THE MARSHAL: Sit down, Mr . Seale. 
MR. SEALE : After you done walked over people 's 
constitutiona I rights, the Sixth Amendment, the 
Fifth Amendment, and the phoniness and the 
corruptness of this very trial, for people to have a 
right to speak out, freedom of speech, freedom of 
assembly, and et cetera . You have did (sic) 
everything you could with those jive lying witnesses 
up there presented by these pig agents of the 
government to lie and say they condone some rotten 
racists, fascist crap by racist cops, and pigs that 
beat people's heads nd' demand my con-
stitutional rights-ilemand-ilemand-<:all in the 
jury . 
THE COURT: Will the Marshal bring in the jury, 
please. 

Also l'stabLished in Hoffman 's decision was the 
legality of the use of electronic surveillance of in-
di viduals in the interest of national security 
whether the alleged security threat comes from 
domestic or foreign sources. Such spyings, as well 

. ,-

, 

. ,. 

, I 

, .. 

, L. 

I t-

I I \, 

Stiff Writer 
as the testimonies of Federal agents who infiltrated 
the Demonstration leadership, were used as 
evidence in the case. 

In late November, Vice -President Agnew 
declaimed network news coverage. Comparing 
Nixon to Winston Churchill, he complained the 
latter "didn't have to contend with a gaggle of 
commentators raising doubts about whether Britain 
had the stamina to see the war through." He 
initiated a policy of only permitting sympathetic 
reporters in his entourage as he traveled to Asia . 
The head of the FCC, an aPPOintee of Hixon, called 
Agnew's attack "provocative" and "'houghtful," 
and unsubtty reminded networks that the FCC has 
the potential and duty to wield enormous influence 
on U.S. TV . 

With the judicial system, singularly respected by 
the civil rights and early student movements, now 
too under fire, it seems that demonstrators are 
turning even more towards violence. Pro-Chicago 7 
demonstrations around the nation have been 
notably disruptive and violent. Coincidental dilution 
of the old Warren Court with Southerners, and 
Federal legislation against - forced integration 
also have provided substantial energy for the 
disenchantment with the courts, and the 
polarization of the Left. And then there is Viet Nam. 

THE COURT : Witt you read the Defendants' 
Exhibit 304 for identification into the record, Mrs , 
Weiss . 

THE WITNESS: "I am Vo Thi lien, 12 years old, 
a native of My Hoi block, Co Luy hamlet, Son My 
village, Son Tinh district, Quang Ngai province. I 
have survived the murder by Gl's of S02 inhabitants 
of my vitlage early last year. My Hoi alone lost 87 
people , including 18 of my dearest relatives_ Now I 
wish to telt you in detail how the massacre was 
committed. 

" Aunties, the weather was fine at dawn on March 
16, 1U8. As usual, people were going about their 
work, heading for their fields with spades on their 
shoulders, or saiting off on their boats , or pounding 
coconut bark to make coiro Suddenly, from Mount 
Ram and other places, enemy artillery heavily 
pounded my village. Everybody hurried into safety . 

"When the shelling ended, two helicopters circled 
overhead and let down a rain of buttets. The firing 
stopped a few moments later. Thinking it had done 
so for good, people got out of their shelters . But at 

:rEUtfrUliH 

,T IS WI-m .,Harq MIl""",",, -nt.\T:Z:: AC'Efr 
~ .. ,."tAL. ,I\jPtCTM~.· 

that very moment 11 choppers rushed in from the 
Chu Lai airfield ; having made a circle in the sky 
they landed 'roops. Realizing that the enemy hid 
come for a sweep, they scurried back to cover . / 

" ... the enemy now made for My Hoi. My 
paternal grandfather and grandmother and myself 
were in an underground . Grandmother set out to see 
whether, as usual, they had withdrawn after 
plundering houses and setting fire to them . Unex· 
pectedly, a volley hit her right at the entrance. 
Without even a moan, she collapsed by my side. 
Then there was a flash and an explosion and I lost 
consciousness. 

" When I came to, I was friglltened and trembling, 
so much that I could hardly stand on my feet . I felt 
slimy bits of ftesh of grandmother thrown on my 
body by grenades. In tears, I crawled out of the 
trench to see who had died and who had survived. 
Aunties, you can never imagine what a horrible 
scene of carnage I then saw. All the fifteen mem-
bers of the Le's family were a heap of bodies 
maimed beyond recognition, eight piled on the 
brink of the underground and seven with severed 
heads or limbs. 

"Small pieces of flesh were att over the place. 
Other families were exterminated 10 Ihe last men ; 
Mrs . Mot with her child, Mrs. Trinh with her five 
daughters and sons. Corpses were sprawling in 

clusters on the ground, chest's pierced by bayonets, 
broken skulls with brains spitting, and bodies with 
pieces of flesh carved off by grenade splinters . 
Survivors told me what had happened while I wa 
lying senseless in the shelter . American soldiers, 
after raping Mrs . Hgo, who was near her time, 
killed her with rifte shots. The fetus was ejected 
from her womb. And as her three panic-stricken 
children burst out crying, they shot them dead 
immediately. 

"My own beloved ones died not less horribly . 
Soldiers dragged auntie Vo Thi Phu out of her 
shelter and tried to assaull her, but as she 
desperately resisted, they gunned her down as her 
one-year old baby was crawling toward her body for 
a suck. They threw straw on mother and child and 
set fire to them both . My uncle's wife, Le Thi Hong, 
was also killed by gunshots . Of the four people of 
granduncle Mai's family, the Gl's likewise mur-
<tered his wife when she was coming out of her 
underground. Then they pulled him out by his 
beard, they burnt it off, finished him with a shot and 
trampled upon his body . Aunt Mai and her child had 
been mown down with hand grenades. American 
soldiers also hurled grenades into my granduncle 
Tang's shelter, killing all his family . 

"Grandaunt Thu's shetter was blown up . All 
people down there were killed, except little Duc who 
had hidden in a hole in the trench wall ; he was only 
injured. When I dug him out I was frightened to see 
grandaunt Minh's body standing by his side, and 
little Bung's body in a sitting position nearby . 

"It was terrible . In one day my populous village 
had become a deserted, devastated place wilh lust a 
few survivors. Aunties, I cannot tell you a II the 
atrocities that the American troops committed 
against my co-villagers and my own kith and kin . 

"Whenever I think of the heart-rending sight I 
witnessed, my heart is wrung and my throat chokes. 

"The enemy have snatched from me forever 
many of my de .. r ones and laid waste my cherished 
native land . The more I love my paternal grand-
mother and relatives, the more I hate the assassins . 

"Aunties, American troops have massacred not 
only my fellow villagers. I have met many friends of 
mine from different parts of South Viet Ham , not a 
few of them orphaned by American bombs and 
bullets . They have told me of crimes against their 
families and their countrymen. What atrocities 
have been committed, very much like those I wit-
nessed in my nature place. I hope that you will do 
your best so that not one more GI will be sent to 
Sl)uth Viet Nam, and that you will call for the im-
mediate repatriation of all American troops so that 
my country suffers no more destruction and no 
more mass killing like the one in my native village, 
and so that other friends of mine wilt not experience 
horrors and sufferings like mine. 

"I wish you good health. 

SCHULTZ: Objection. 

Respectfully yours, 
Vo Thi Lien." 

THE COURT : I sustain the objection . Not only do 
sustain the objection , I order counsel for the 

Defense to make no reference to these exhibits, 
before Ihe jury. The exhibits are clearly irrelevant 
and contribute nothing to the resolution of the issues 
presented by the indictment and the pleas of not 
guilty in this case. Bring in the jury! 

(Editor'~ note : the following was Jerry Rubin 's 
initial reaction to receiving the prestigious Federal 
indicbnent for his part in the 1968 National 
Democratic Convention.) 

This is the greatest honor of my life. It is with 
sincere humility that I accept this federa I in-
dictment . It is the fulfillment of years of childhood 
dreams, climaxing years of hard work and fun _ .. 

I realize the competition was fierce , and I 
congratulate the thousands who came to Chicago. I 
hope that I am worthy of this great indictment, the 
Academy Award of pr9,test ... 

"Supernatural" is the only way to describe the 
anti-riot law. 

Congress passed it as a warning to the game of 
football . Fans who cross state lines, and then tear 
down the goalposts, are subject to arrest. 

The crime is not in the act, but your INTENT at 
the moment of crossing state lines . It is against the 
law to think bad thoughts while crossing a state line. 

You can even break this law in your own homel A 
telephone call to someone in another state is 
enough. Or a letter. Or an interview on radiol TV 
which is broadcast from one state to another ... 

You do not even have to be at the scene of the riot 
itself. You can jet-plane into a town, give a speech, 
and then jet 10,000 miles away . If a riot takes place 
after your speech, no matter where you are, you are 
guilty of "causing" it ... 

These indictments are the responsibility of 
Richard Nixon. They were delayed for weeks 
waiting specific and personal approval from the 
White House . 

They represent a bald attempt by the government 
to try to use punishment to stop demonstrations. 
The United States government thus repeats a 
c'assic error of all dying empires : under-rating the 
bravery of her youth. 

The major result of these indictments will be to 
excite every young kid across the counlry to want to 
cross state lines and become a "rioter" by the time 
he is a teen-ager . 

Yippie! 
Jerry Rubin 

FLIGHTS '970 
LARGEST SELECTION: TO & WITHIN EUROPE, AFRICA, ASIA, 
SOVIET UNION. SPRING-SUMMER STILL OPEN. ALL OTHER 
TICKETS, TOO. OLDEST ACADEMIC ASSOC.: EASC, 323 N. 
BEVERLY DR., BEVERLY HILLS, CALIF. 90210, (213) 276-6293 

KIBBUTZ? 
THE KmBUTZ IS A UNIQUE SOCIAL EXPERIENCE 
IN COOPERATIVE LIVING WHICH STRIVES FOR 
PERSONAL AND COMMUNITY SELF-REALIZATION 
IN ISRAEL. 
WE INVITE YOU TO EXPERIENCE THE KIBBUTZ 
THROUGH THE FOLLOWING PROGRAMS: 

:-TEMPiiRAiiy-wO·RKERS": 
Six-month program of : 
1/2 day work & 1/2 : 
day Hebrew studies. • 

.. __ .•••••••••••..•...•. ! 

. Living and working on : 
a Kibbutz one month 
or more. 

1 ••••••••••••• --- • ••••••••• -----

CONTACT HILLEl GORDIN 454-7523 
CALL BETWEEN 1:30 & 8:30 P.M. 

EUROPEART191D . ·1 
}o-"~1 be ",11IecII .. ., 10_. prtc .. - ... 1., _It" our re."_ .lIert ....... p _ 

I .... "It.t. tim. Don't be uncell_ out .t tM II" ... Inut • . " 
ALL IfUOHTS VIA TRANS INTERNATIONAL A.RWAYS OR 
SATURN AIRWAYS DC.' SUNR-.KTS W.TH COMttLl"I:NTA"V 
MI:AU AND .aVERAoaS_ 

,E3TRICTED 10 STUD£NTS FACUl TY £MI'lOy£(S MU SIAIl 
AND THEIR IMM[OIAl[ FAMILIES 
I"""~""-;I o. J.n. l . 1970 

No. 561- O~Kl~ND/LONDON (One Wa,) M.rcha1. .~.~~ ............. _ .... _.............. ...................................... . '145 
SUMMER fLIGHTS 

No. 532 -lOS MGELU/AIliSTUDAM (Round trip) 
JUNE 30 - AUGUST 29 ..... _ ......................... __ .. _ ...... _ .............. _ .. '299 

140. 533 -OAKLAHO/ AMSTEIIOAIII (lIoundTriII) I 
JUNEI5-SEI'TOUIEltI ._ ........................... _ ............................. 289 

No. 534 - LOS MtELU/LOfIDON (RoundTrip) 
JUNE 15 _ SEI'TEMBEII7 ... _._ .. __ ................ _ ... _ ......................... ·m 

Ho. 4000-0AKLNlD/"..STlllDAM(RoundTrip) 
JUHE 16 - SEI'T£1IIIIIJII7 _ ............. ~_ .......... _ .. .... ............... .'219 

Ho. 535- O~KLAND/AM$TERDAIII (RoundTrip) 
JUHE 17 - s.pe.mbet 19 ..................................... ........... __ ........ ·289 

Ho. 536 - HllII YORK/LONDON (llound Trip) 
JUHEII-SEPTDIBU5 ......... _ .............................................. _ ... ·199 

Ho. 537 - LOS~HC;UE$/"..$T£IIOAM (RoundTrip) 
JUHE24-S£I'TEMBU2 ........... _ ......... _ ... ; .............. _ ........... _ ... ·299 

Ho 4001 - - OAKI.AHD/lONDOH/AMSTERDAM/OUUND jUHE1.-SEPTEMBU 21 .................................. _ ..... _ .................. 219 
Ho. 4005 - OAKLAHD/ "..STlIlO".. (RoundTrip) 

JULY 2-AUGUST 10 ....................................... _ ....................... _ ... .'299 
No. 541- OAKLAHD/AIIISTlRDAM (1\PUnd Trip) 

JUlY4-AUGUST 15 .•. _._ .......... _ .. _ ..................................... _ .. _ ..• '299 
No. 5~ OAKLAND/AIliSTotDAM (Round Trip) 

JUN £2'-~ST 24 _ .. _ .. _ ..... _._ ............... = ........ _._ .... _ ... ·299 
Ho. 4003 - OAKLAND/lOSANG£lU/AMSTEIIOAM (RoundTrip) -

JULY 21 - ~UGU$T 27 ............. _._ ............. _ ............................ _.'299 
Ho. 4004 _0H£WAV_OUUND/AMSTERDAM -

JUHE23 ......... ~_ ...... ___ ...... _ .. _ ....•..• . _._ •... _ ............... .................. ·169 

SPEClAllI IntIr-EuropIIn student chlr1Ir fights 
in conjunction with Cal- Jet flights listed above at 
fantastically reduced rates. Student charters to 
India, Tunisia (North Africa), East Africa, Turkey, 
Greece, Russia, Malia, and Israel (Tel Aviv) also 
available at reduced rates. Call or write now for 
further information and applications_ 
WRtTE; 
CAl JET CH~RTERS 
2150 GREEH STREET 

• 011 PHONE. 
(415)922-1434 

(.ltar6 and w .. hndl) 
San Fr.ncilCO. Call. H123· 
CH AIITERS TO JAPAN. AUSTRALIA. AfRICA ALSO AY~ILA8lE 

UCSD PRESENTS -
In conjunction with the La Jolla Museum of Art's 

DIMENSIONS OF BLACK 
Februlry 15-March 29, 1970 

major display of work by black artists, African 
and American, past and present ... _ 

The University of California, San Diego takes pride 
in presenting the following outstanding Black 
performing artists .... 

LEROI JONES AND COMPANY 
Frill,. feb . 21 In two one act plays at 

the UCSO Gymnasium 

SONNY TERRY AND BROWNIE MC GHE( 
Rhythm and blues frllm the old school. 
Sherwood Hall (Re e -ved seating) 

lES Me CANN TRIO 
Saturday, Mar. 7 Jazz at Sherwood Hall (Reserved seating) 

TICKEis-FOR-rLL-PE-RFOR~tA-C-ES-AVA-(iABi.-E-­
NOW AT UCSD CE TRAL BOX OFFICE, UREY HALL 
LOBBY. PHO E RESERVATIO S ACCEPTED AT: 

453U1. 

Triton Tines february 21. 1910 PI" 1 



I Putney Sw~pe 

J eff Fried 
Arts Writer 

The question for today is, why is this man laughing? 
Wh,y are you laughing? You and me baby, you and me, 
we re the only real ones left - all the others have copped 
out; yeah the smucks have copped out. 

........... 

IWhY are these people danCIng? For :he an:wer see " putney l 
Swope" al Ihe Slale Thealer Ihru Tuesday. 

Putney knows, man how Putney knows, he reads us all , 
he knows. Spit on them, shit on them they 'll all come 
crawling in on the knees, noses, and elbows to wallow in 
your crap . 

" Putney Swope" is so non~stablishment that it draws 
?,ou int~ its own establishment. "Swope" shows that crap 
IS crap IS crap , no matter what color it is or how you label 
it. 
. ,I 'm not going to give you a synopsis of "Swope" because 
It s the type of fIlm that one whould see without advance 
knowledge .. "Swop.e" is a funny , funny film with a plus, 
the plus bemg that It talks to the viewer, it reaches out and 
grabs your attention. You may not like " Putney Swope " 
but you sure won 't be able to ignore it. 

[n its technical aspects Swope is far from perfect but 
when you consider the cost of the film it is truly an' out-
standing job. The film does, however, shi'1e in une 
technical area , camera use . From the opening scene to 
the final credi ts the camera is used very effectivly to set 

CINEMA 
the moods and highlight the relevant. The film is in black 
and white, but color is used in selected spots and by this 
selectivity its effectivness is heightened . 

This technique is similar to the one used so well in " A 
Man and A Woman." The film was written , directed 
conceived, etc. by Robert Downey. Mr. Downey's film i~ 
yet another example for the major film makers that 
money does not equate directly with quality or en -
ter tainment . 

"Putney Swope" is not the ultimate film, but it 's honest 
it's real, it's talking about today, and that 's all you ca~ 
really ask for . As the man says "No Shiiiiiiit" ...... . 
Putney Swope will be at the State Theater thru Tuesday. 

Magic Christian 
Matthew Geller 

Arts Writer 
As "The Magic Christian" begins, we find Peter Sellers, 

as Guy Grand, has returned to the establishment after his 
rIirtation with the other world in " Alice B.' Toklas." 
However, one immediately senses that some strange new 
mechinations are brewing in the murkey depths of his 
mind. While walking through the park that morning, he 
finds Youngman (played by Ringo Starr) a bedraggled 
soul of about 25 years of age, feeding the ducks. Grand, not 
having been blessed with a son, takes an immediate liking 
to Youngman , and adopts him. 

The scene shifts to a meeting of the board of the cor-
poration that Grand runs. The board cheerfully accepts 
Ringo as heir to the company with a hearty round of For 
He 's a Jolly Grand Fellow. Their British cool, however 
rapidly disintegrates when they are informed that the; 
have all been fired . Thus begins Mr. Grand's descent from 
wealth to poverty as he lavishes his wealth on various 
schemes designed to blow the minds of the usually staid 
Britishers. 

Many of his schemes are extremely funny, but somehow 
t.hey all seem rather overdone and heavy-handed. 
Although the plans themselves are often hilarious, little 
advantage is taken of their effect on the people that face 
them . The film simply alternates between crowds thrown 
into mass confusion, and a calm Peter Sellers fully in 
control of the situation. There is something extremely 
unrealistic in Peter Sellers ' being in full control of 
anything. 

Ringo Starr adds very little to the film. His only con-
tributions are a few (John) Lennonisms he is heard to 
mutter. The music is also rather heavy-handed . The title 
song, written by Paul McCartney, is certainly not one of 
his best. After hearing it six or seven times in the course of 
the movie, it began to get a bit tiring. 

[ncidentally, don't go to see this movie if your main 
intention is to see Raquel Welch (whom you may have 
noticed inconspicuously placed in·the advertisement). We 
see her for a mere 15 seconds as the one-stroke for a team 
of nude female galley slaves. Is this any way to run a 
ste<l:lTlShlP line? Especially a ship named the Magic 
ChnstIan? Perhaps. And then again perhaps not. 

The Committee, 

Jeff Fried 
Arts Writer 

"The Committee," the famous San Francisco satiric 
rev.ue, is fi nally available to San Diego audiences. A film 
enlItled "The Committee," containing nineteen of their 
best routines, opens this week at the Aca'demy Theater. 

IS II a frog or a man, or is it frog-man? The Comm ittee brings the 
answer 10 San Diego. AI the Academy Thealer thru Tuesday. 

The revue was filmed before a live a udience using a new 
electromic photographic process to capture all the 
spontaneity of the performance. While this does not 
represent the best in [jim techniques, it worked out quite 
well for this type of presentation. 

The players are Peter Bonerz, Barbara Bosson, Garry 
Goodrow, Carl Gottlieb, Jessica Myerson, Christoper 
Ross, Melvin Stewart, and Don Sturdy. They are 
uniformly excellent in their performances and are truly 
funny people. 

Of the routines "Punk " "Army Psychiatrist" 
" Greed," " Black Like Me," 'and "Blind Date " are pa'r-
ticularly good. For those who have seen the troop perform 
in San Francisco or Los Angeles this film will provide a 
pleasant encore. For those who have never seen "The 
Committee," this film should not be missed. 

" The Committee" will be at the Academy through next 
Tuesday. Show times are 7:30 and 9:15. 

TAPES STEREO CARTRIDGE TAPES SPECIAL STUDENT PRlaSI On stage at the Civic Theatre 
4-Track - $2.98 ; I -Track - $3 .98 

For more information Ind cl talog send 25C to : 

TAPES 
P.O, Box 91404 
WorldwlY Pastil Center 
l.A., Cllif. 90009 

IIGOODlIJR4~ 
1251 • 4TH AVENUE • 
6141 MISSION GORGE lOAD • 

( 714) 239·2149 
(714) 211·"11 

Pile . Triton Tines Februlry 27. 1910 

(!~!!J}lq[J!@) 
l\..oseNc~tz 

aNd GUlldeNsteR .' 
, .~ 1Jend~ .,TOM STOPPARD:v 

CIVIC THEATRE 
MON. MAR. 9 and WED. MAR. 11 

Each night at 8 :30 

Rap with your PSA rep. TICKETS ON SALE NOW 
Pam Peterson. agent for CI VIC THEATR E BOX OffiCE 
s ix non -sto ps daily to 3rd & B St.- 236-6510 
San Fra ncisco . Flights 
every hour on the half - Ind III High lander Stores. Metro Agencies 
hour to LA. Also . g reat Ind th e UCSD Ticket Office in Urey HIli Lobby. 
s ervice to Hollywood - SPECIAL STUDENT PRICES: 
Burbank. San Jose . Oak- U .50 fDr Iny $6 .60, 4.60 ar 3.50 " It 
I<lnd. a:ld Sacramento. $1.50 fa r Iny bllcany S.lt 
You've got 1T:.c - "'a 
her number. ~ ~I What People Ha ve Said About This P lay: 

PSA I "Very funny, ve r y brilliant.. .A superb play •. . a joy to watch ••• lIVeS opens worlds of art , lUe and death---a window onto coruscat-
~ _________ ~JO~ ___ U_a __ I_Ht __ ~J ~::m:g:w:it:a:n:d:la:u:~:t:er:! ':' ::::::::::::::::::::::::~J 

• I 

, , 

.' 

of 

"Standing bere in the deep, brooding silence all the 
wtldemeaa seems motionless, as .if the work of creation 
were done. But in the midst of this outer steadfastness we 
know there Is incessant motion and change ... The lakes 
are lapping their granite shores and wearing them away, 
and every one of these hills and young rivers Is fretting the 
air Into music, and carrying the mountains to the plains." 

These words of J ohn J uit as he viewed the panorama 
from Mount Ritter are, ironically, relevant today. His 
" incessant change" has come upon the globe in a 
sweeping devastation of the "brooding silence" of nature, 
as man has actively, even though perhaps inadvertentiy, 
been de$troying nature's terrain. 

The citizens of the United States, although making up 
only 5.7 per cent of the world's population, consume fully 
40 per cent of the natural resources extracted from the 
earth each year . An "average" American who lives 70 
years will use 26 million gallons of water, 4,000 gallons of 
fuel, 10,000 pounds of meat, and 28,000 pounds of milk and 
cream, as well as $8000 worth of school facilities, $6000 
worth of clothing and $7000 worth of furniture . 

One quite natural consequence of massive" production is 
massive waste . Every year, Americans junk seven 
million cars, 100 million tires, 20 million tons of paper, and 
28 billion bottles and 48 billion cans. Just to collect (let 
alone dispose of) the garbage costs '2.8 billion per year . 
Industrial plants in the U.S., in turn, contribute at least 
one-half of all pollution caused by industry worldwide. 
Every year these plants discard 165 million tons of solid 
waste which, in turn, must be efficiently disposed of . 11.ost 
waste goes into bodies of water ; some either remins in 
junk yards or is buried. 

Moreover, manure has been replaced by chemicals as 
the main type of fertilizer , while vast cattle feedlots have 
moved closer to cities . The result is that animal wastes 
now pollute drinking water, and pose a grave sanitation 
problem. 

Paper makes up The bulk of trash . Only 20 per cent Is salvaged for 
reuse. 

Problems Plague State 

California is blessed with many of these problems, 
which are increasing in severity as the population grows. 
The needless exploitation of natural resources, terrain , 
and natural preserves is due to man 's relentless ambition 
to turn California into a concrete sprawl. One of the major 
problems is the lack of open space. Los Angeles County, 
for instance, has been developi.ng 70 square miles of open 
land every year for the las t 25 years. 

The Imperial Valley has (or perhaps used to have) the 
richest farming land in ·the country, producing five or six 
bumper crops a year . The intense irrigation of this valley, 
however , is raising the water table level to the bottom of 
the irrigation trenches. Salts are pulled to the surface; 
and salts do not evaporate . In time, therefore, the soU of 
the Imperial Valley is going to become too saline to 
support normal crops. 

liThe need less exploitation 
of nat ural res ources, 
terrain, and natural pre-
serves is due to man's 
relentless a mbition to turn 
Ca hfornia into a concrete 
sprawl." 

by Steve Stryker 
Science Wr'iter 

A second state farming problem is fertilizer . To boost 
crop production, nitrogen fertilizers are currently spread 
liberally on most of California's farm lands. These agents 
"adict" the soil to chemical additives, causing it to lose its 
ability to make its own nitrogen. As a result, more and 
more nitrogen fer tilizers ha ve to be used. What makes the 
problem more widespread is that the nitrates eventually 
turn up in the water supply, where they endanger human 
health . 

Solutions Not Forthcoming 

Finally, on the state level, the solution to the problem of 
waste disposal is becoming increasingly harder to im-
plem ent. Each of California 's 18.5 million residents 
throws away 20 pounds of solid waste per day - an 
amount that in a year would create a wfl1l100 feet wide by 
30 feet high s tretching from Oregon to Mexico. Most of the 
garbage is buried in landfills , but spa~ ~ running out, 
and presently no state or local agencies are coordinating 
studies into future solutions to this problem. For example, 
the city of San Francisco is plann i.ng to pay the town of 
Mountain View two dolla rs per ton to accept 2000 tons of 
solid waste per day. The arrangement ter minates when 
the marshes around Mountain View are filled, which will 
be in about six years. After that, no one is sure what action 
will be taken. 

Land problems exist locally in the following four areas: 
Mission Bay Park, San Clemente Canyon, Tecolote 
Canyon and the Torrey Pines State Reserve. Mission Bay 
Park used to be a recreation area, but has now turned 

commercial . A mobile home park has been the major 
factor in the park acreage conversion. The mobile homes 
threaten the area with sewage and other municipaJ 
problems which were not taken into account when Mission 
Bay Park was originally planned. No allowance was 
made, either, for any sort of wildlife refuge or preserve 
around the bay, particularly for fish and migratory birds. 

The second issue deals with the San Clemente Canyon 
area and the forest this area used to contain. The land 
rape involved a switch between a Mr. Ed Fletcher and the 
State of California. For possibly the best stand of birch 
and oak forest in San Diego, Fletcher received in trade the 
mesa upon which University City now sprawls . Thus, the 
State got Highway 5, and F letcher made many dollars for 
many destroyed trees. ( 
Public Objects 

The third issue, like the previous two, shows true lack of 
insight into the proper development of land. Tecolote 
Canyon is an area of 1200 acres located between Kearny 
Mesa and Clairemont. The locals wanted the area to 
remain open space, and it was so designated in 1965. Then, 
in 1969, three developers submitted plans for building in 
the canyon. Because of the great public outcry against 
this, a City Council decision was reversed, favoring the 
developers, saving at least part of the canyon. 

The last issue is one which is still being contested. It 
involves simply the annexation of an extension to Torrey 
Pines State Park in order to save more of the rare Torrey 
Pines and wildlife, and to give more recreation areas to 
the citizenry. The issue is crucial because, unless enough 
money is raised to pay for the proposed annexation the 
owner, none other than Mr. Ed Fletcher, will be forced to 
sell the land to private real estate developers. This act will 
kill any chance to preserve the area. (Those interested in 
helping out should contact Ed Butler at 459-7366.) 

From these examples of land misuse and abuse, it is 
apparent that we need to revamp our land policies if we 
wish to survive with, and not destroy, nature. 

As Stewart Udall says in "The Quiet Crisis," "A land 
ethic for tomorrow should be as honest as Thoreau 's 
'Walden,' and as comprehensive as the sensitive science 
of ecology. It shoUld stress the oneness of our resources 
and the live-and-help-live logic of the great chain of 
life ... Henry Thoreau would scoff at the notion that the 
gross national product should be the chief index to the 

Congressman Henrv Reuss compared Ihe SIS mIll ion spent on 
waste disposal research to the SJOO mill ion spenl on chem,cal and 
biological warfare research . 
state of the nation, or that automobile sales or figures on 
consumer consumption reveal anything significant about 
the authentic art of living. 

"He would surely assert that a clean landscape is as 
important as a freeway; he would deplore every planless 
conquest of the countryside; and he would remind his 
countrymen that a glimpse of grouse can be more in-
spiring than a Hollywood spectacular or color television. 
To those who might complain of the complexity of modern 
life, he might reply, 'If you want inner peace find it in 
solitude, not speed, and if you would find yourseU, look to 
the land from which you came and to which you go. ' " 

For all the "habitat-introspectors" interested in making 
their efforts more widely felt, on Monday, Feb. 23, at 3 
p.m. , in the Conference Room of the Recreation-
Administration Building (near the Musewn of Man in 
Balboa Par;;), there will be a public hearing of the Balboa 
Park Committee on the proposed parking lot in the 
Florida Street Canyon. Those interested in speaking at the 
hearing should contact Carol Chamber at 236-5700 in 
advance. 

A week after this open meeting, on March 2, there will 
be a hearing of the County Board of Supervisors on the 
future of San EUjo Lagoon. Finally, planners are needed 
for the environmental teach-in beginning April 22. Those 
interested in helping out should call 453-2000, ext . 1038. 

SANTANA 
at UCSD 

MARCH 1 
llMlrED rICKETS AVAilABLE 

STARrING rUES AT 10 
UREY HALL BOX OfFICE 

The response of our aU<Jlellce. 
to this selection of short 
films will shape its growth 
into GE ESlS 1lI. 

Tr itn TiM.. F.I .... ., 27. 1178 ...... 



Santana, the " Overnight 
Suc(lss Heavy," is cOming here 
sunlfhy, March 1 for two shows at 
7 and 10 p.m., on a rebound from 
San Diego Sta.te. 

The light joyful music of 
Santana should provide a fine 
evening 's entertainment. The 
group is composed of six mem-
bers and is headed by Carlos 
Santana . Carlos, the lead 
guitarist, is assisted by Dave 
Brown on bass guitar; Gregg 
Rolie, keyboard and vocals; Jose 
Areas, drums and trumpet ; and 
Mike Shrieve and Mike 
Carrabello on drums and bongos. 

Tickets are now on sale at the 
Central Box Office at Urey Hall. 
Some seats are $3 for UCSD 
students, and the rest are ~4. 

Unicorn 

This week the Unicorn presents 
one of the classic French con-
tributions to the screen, " Lola 
Montes. " This beautifully-made 
film is the story of a famous 
courtesan in the twilight of her 
prime. The film stars Martine 
Carol, Oskar Werner , and Peter 
Ustinov. These three alone are 
worth the price of admission . 

The co-feature is the San Diego 
area premier of the Russian 
classic "The Childhood of Maxim 

Study in 
Guadalajara, Mexico 
The Guadalajara Summer School, c 

tullv accredited Univors'Y of Ar izono 
program VI II offer. June 29 to Auau, 
B, orr. fol" cre, geo~'ophV h,s'orv:po 
I " ~al sC 'e"ce lon1~0:Je and Lterature 
courses. TUlt,on. S 160; board and room 
S 155. Wrire Dr Juan 8 Roel , Office of 
Summer Se" on. Univers V of Arizona 
fucson Arizona 85721 

Is the universe, 
including IMn, 

evolved by atomic force? 
Christian Science Organization 

Monday eve. 7:00 
Informal Lounge 

Fidelity Union 
life Insurance Co. 

College'hster 

Guaranteed by a 'op company 
--- _ ..... . --. 

No war exclusior clause in the 
basic policy 

--_ .... ......... . 

Exclusive beneWs at special rates 
Full aViatioiicov irage 

............... ...... .......... 

Premium deposi s defe rred until 
you are out of school 

Holiday Inn 
SUITE 100 _ 
LA JOLLA, CA. 92037 
453-1863 or 
279-6878, 272- 0548 

Don Clemen - Monte Evans 

POSSIBILITIES 
GorkY." Show times are 7 and 
10:40 for " Lola Montes" and 8:55 
for "Maxim Gorky." 

Genesis III 

Tickets are available at the 
Urey Hall box office, which is 
open between the hours of 10 and 
4. 

R.bin ConCtJrt 
Michael Rabin, who has the 

reputation of being the most-
traveled American violin vir-
tuoso, will perform Thursday and 
Friday, Feb. 26 and 27, with the 
San Diego Symphony Orchestra. 

Rabin will play the Violin 
Concerto in 0 Major. Op. 77, by 
Brahms, in his first appearance 
with the orchestra UJlder the 
direction of Music Director 
Zoltan Rozsnyai . Maestro Roz-
snyai also will conduct the or-
chestra in Beethoven's Sym-
phony No.8, and "Elegy" by 
Kenneth Gaburo. 

Hear the sounds of Sant~na this Sunday on campus . Tickels are on sale at Urev 
Hall . 

This Saturday night at mid-
night the Unicorn again presents 
its Nocturnal Cinema. This 
showing presents a unique 
program entitled "Genesis III." 
Genesis III is a continuation of 
Genesis I & II, which enjoyed 
considerable success at the 
Unicorn. The Genesis company is 
a film distributor which 
assembles short films by 
American artists and circulates 
them to colleges, universities, 
and theaters. The Genesis 
company has just finished 
selecting the films for Genesis III 
and wishes an audience response 
to their selections. The Unicorn 
audience will be asked to com-
ment and their responses will be 
used in determining the final 
selection. The program is open to 
the general public and will begin 
just after midnight. 

The concerts next Thursday 
and Friday in San Diego's Civic 
Theater will begin at 8:30 p.m. 
Tickets at a student discount are 
available at the Urey Hall Box 
Office. 

The concert wiD begin at 8:30 
p.m. in the UCSD Matthews 
Campus Recital Hall, MC 409. 
The concert is free and open to 
the public. 

his first performance at 8:30 
p .m., March 13, at the Civic 
Theater . Mr. Bacharach will 
conduct an accompanying 3(). 
piece orchestra, sing, and play 
the piano. 20th Century 

On March 8 the magic Latin 
sounds of Sergio Mendes and 
Brasil 66 will be heard in San 
Diego. They will appear at the 
San Diego Sports Arena for one 
performance only. 

A program of twentieth-
century music for keyboard and 
percussion instruments will be 
presented at UCSD on March 5 by 
the Department of Music, 
featuring works of Bartok, 
Debussy, John Cage and Cor-
nelius Cardew. 

!Jurt !Jacharach is known 
throughout America as one of the 
foremost contemporary com-
posers . 

Appearing with Bacharach will 
be The Carpenters, Richard and 
Karen. The two have produced a 
well-received, quiet LP album 
called "Offering." 

Reserved seats are $3.75, $4.75, 
$5.50, and $6 and are available at 
the Urey Hall Box Office. 

EUROPE 
Also Israel and Japan 

$230-295 R. T. From West Coast 

His will be a name 'well 
remembered in San Diego after 

free Dance & free Concert ' ''Soon wili the ' $199 R. T. From East Coast 
E.S.E.P. 8217 Beverly Blvd., L.A 
(213) 651-3311 
E.S.E.P.-U.C.S.D. members only Sat. Feb. 28 

8 :30-12:00 
Sun. Mar. 1 

2:00-4:00 p.m. 

present-day 
order be rolled 
up and a new 
one spread out (,OMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 

327 F Street 

PAYS DONORS 
'or service 

Revel h! Cafeteria 
Knar/y Beast 

Hl Auditorium 
UCSD Chllllber Chorus 

in its stead." 

'!'ue. - Fri. 
9:30 - 7:30 

& 
A PHp/e Jam 

Pasto OClSiol1l1es (recorders) 
AI Alonii (of Old GIGIII) 

SRI Hinton 
fRfE REfRESHMENTS 

8AHA I U'UAH 
FOUNDER, BAHA1 FAITH 

If 
FOR INFORMATION: 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed SUn. & Mon. Sponsored by BAH' A'I'S of 

Phone 755-1701 
literature i. available and 
informal f ireside discussion. 
are held frequently. 

?'1? - 9328 San Diego & UCSD 

L XI 
ACADEMIC PRODUCTIVITY 
AND ENGLISH VOCABULARY 

ACADEMIC PRODUCTIVITY 

Table I Illustraies the relationship between gen 
er,l knowledge IEngllsh Voc.bJlarvl Ind the gain 
t09 of additional $OeClallled knowledge AcademIC 
productiVity IS shown at I!I number 01 eqUivalent vo-
cabulary age level, lor I sample of 380 first quarter 
college frCOihmen Thrs sample was taken 8t Cal,' 
orma PolytechniC College, Sen LUIS ObiSPO, In the 
Fall Quaner, 1 4 

Ac.t<Jemlc prOductIVity IS el'tprewed ,n " hrst 
ntllrnet' Grade POIIHS," a product of The number 01 
course unlb amI I.Lt. ~'3~CS e,rned 'or each unit 
For t').ample. With A being worth 4 pOints. B. 3 
po.nts. and C. 2 pomb, 15 units of A would give 
60 grMJe pOints, 12 units of B would eQUII 36 grade 
POints, and 1Qunltsot C would urn 20 grade OOIf'lB 

Verbal scorM Or'! the $chOilStlC AptitUde Tesl 
are given In the ""t column of T .ble I. Vocab-
uliiry • levels Ife grlen In Column 2. Shown In 
m. third column .re the gr_ pOints earned by • 
sampl""19 of 20 students It each level In me fourth 
column Ife tYPlc~ vocabul.fV ',ontle'" ~orch, the 
elStest unknown worch to Itudents In tath group. 

r he ur .. dled saonple at iNdents whme 1C000rI 
Ind grade po.nt11ff shown In Table I lOok one of 
me Humen Engtn"'~ng Labor'tory's grldu,ted 
lefte1 of voubul.fV testJ wtllch h .... been admln 
Isterect by the I.boratory end the John)OO O'ConnOf 
ResNf'Ch Foundat.()ft to more then 'QOlf'tef o f mil 
ltDr'l people of III 89M, 'rom 6 to 60, durmg the 
Pl'lt 43 yeln 

RESULTS 

AcademiC produCllvlty ranges from 16 grade 
patnlS for those With vocabularies at the 12·yr.-
old ,...,.1 1300 SA TI to 52 grade po.nts lor thOM! 
wlm yocabul"lt'S It the 4().yr., old le\Iel (695 SAT). 
Pr<:KtJCUVlty drops off slightly .boti. thiS point 

Srudenu with SAT scores between 345 and 380 
(Ige 14 levell produced 25 grade POints, eqv.1 to a 
12 unl t load With C. Students hIVing SAT scores 
between 445 and 470 came out With 33 grade 
pOints. The range of 490-510 (the SAT mean IS 500) 
earned an aIIerage Of 37 grade POInU, eqyal to 12 
Units of B. Between 500 ."d 600 SAT, production 
hit a pl'teilU , followed by , sharp mcrease to the 
695 , ..... , 

uescnbtng yoclbul.ty !Cores bV eQUlYlIf!flt ago 

:~~:' ~:~fa~U:r~~=~~~= ~~.~~;~ 
and 1Cholll5ttC IUcctS How can the college student 
underJtand wh.t he relds or he," If he does not 
know 1'he meaning of words !tke baiC. or predlCl 
lon, or diameter, or YIU!' Would ,"yone expeet the 
.werage 12 vr old or 14 yr . old to succeed In college? 

ThiS ttJI. t W'5 extrected from "laws 0' le.ernlMg 
Generll tnd SQeCleI.,ed Voc.tNl.nel," ... thored 
IOd presented by Dun Tremblv, Clliforn .. S tatl! 
Potvtechnc College, before the American PsyChO-
logICal AUOCI.llon', 74th Annu,l Conven tion, 

TABLE I - VOCABULARY LEVELS AND ACADEMIC PRODUCTIVITY 

Scholastk: 
Aptitude Equivalent 
Test - Voclbulary Grade Typical Frontier Wonts 
Vttbal Ago Paints 
Section 

200-300 12 16 BASIC PREDICTION DIAMETER 
301·345 13 21 UNIOUE PREVALENT UNISON 

~·380 1~ 25 STRESS VITAL AUTOPSY 
381·415 15 28 SUCCULENT ENHANCED MENACE 
411).445 16 31 RESONANT SEDATE CRITERION 
446·470 17 33 PUTREFY CAPILLARY IMPERVIOUS 
471-490 18 35 AMENA8LE ALLAY PANACEA 
491-510 19 37 SUPPLEMENT ARSON PROSAtC 
511 ·530 20 38 ACTUATED IRONY CONVEXITY 
531·545 21 38 A8STRUSE ALLEGES HISTRIONIC 
546-560 22 39 AVERSIONS AMELIOnATEO AFFRONTEO 
561·575 23 39 INADVERTENCE PROTRACT IMPUTE 
576·585 24 40 INCREMENT CONTRITE PREOATORY 
586-595 25 41 OPULENT AUTONOMOUS VISCI D 
596-650 30 44 RAZED RELEVANCY RUMINATION 
651-668 35 50 EVINCEO NATATION THERAPEUTIC 
6611-695 40 52 RAMIFY PALPABLE DELETERIOUS 
696-720 45 45 FLITCH PROPITIATED COLLUSION 
721·800 50 44 MILITATED SYNTHESIS ATIENUATEO 

Increase your English Vocabulary Age Level permanently and pain· 
lessly at any of the LEXICON locations listed below. CALL NOWI 

Downtown LexICOn Center 
Filth A....nu. FINnCI. c.r._ 

'.,~ Ind L ... r« 
s.n 0.,0. C:.h'omM! n1cn 
PhoN 23J U1l 

SI.le fAlk,e WICOI! ~I., 

.1"c....,_ 
1M 0... ~if""" .," 
_ ZI7.QZ22 

l.I } oll. Le.r1COil Cenl., 
2,a ....... 1. ttt.,. 
l • ..,.. .. C .... :..,.~ 
~ .s..W1 

Norlh CQunty Le.r1COil Cenl., 

1t1O~OooM. 001_. __ 10 

---

PIli 10 TritDn Tines Februlry 27, 1970 

.1 

"Unparalleled Academic and 
Athletic Competition" 

by Steve Dorsch. S,ortl Editor 
A common misconception held by many college students, and 

particularly true of students on this campus, is that athletics and 
academics cannot be successfully united within an indiVidual. Each 
year hundreds of college student-athletes disprove this belief, 
and the National Collegiate Athletic Association rewards these 
outstanding student-athletes with well deserved scholarships for 
postgraduate studies. 

The following remarks were given by Thomas W. Lawhorne, 
responding for the Postgraduate Scholarship winners at the NCAA's 
1970 Honors Luncheon. Lawhorne earned a 4.0 g.p.a. and played 
linebacker at Georgia. He now attends the Johns Hopkins School 
of Medicine. His delivery was superb, but his content alone would 
have drawn the ovation he received. 

******************************** 
On behalf of the 337 recipients of NCAA postgraduate scholarships, 

I thank you for the more than one quarter of a mUlion dollars you 
have provided for us to pursue graduate studies. 

To me, this program epitomizes some of the fundamentals of 
college athletics. The primary goal of a young athlete entering 
the college ranks is to obtain a good education in order to enrich 
his own fulfillment and to prepare for his lUe's career. The role 
of collegiate athletics in emphasizing "the books" first is one 
of the greatest and most wonderful attributes of the games we 
all love. 

College football is a wonderful institution • • • the pageantry; 
the excitement; the challenge; the wholesome competition between 
schools, conferences, and fans; the comraderie among alumni, 
and the friendships which develop among players and coaches. 
Then , too, the gridiron may provide us with some of our most 
valuable education -- knowing what it is to be knocked down, but 
then get up; to hurt and keep on running; or to have to bow your neck 
on third and one in the fourth quarter with the score tied. These 
are the sort of things that will help one to become a better teacher, 
la wyer, doctor, citizen, father, husband •.• MAN. 

Today, both academic and athletic areas are experiencingunparal-
leled times of competition and specialization. It is quite a respon-
sibility of a university-oriented program to offer opportunities 
whereby a young man may realize his fuLl potential during four of 
the most critical and formative vears of his lUe. I think the NCAA 
is accepting its responsibility and fulfilling its role well. 

You know, most of us 337 are young "old has-beens" now, but we 
thank you, the NCAA, for supporting college athletics and academic 
scholarship -- for teaching us a lot about life and giving us a 
better start. 

Irvine Tales AII·Cal Tennis 
Trailing Berkeley 17-14 going into the final rounds, Irvine won six 

!lingles and one doubles title to capture the All-Cal Tennis Tournament. 
Feb. 6 and 7 on the UCSD courts. Irvine tallied 21 points to top 
Berkeley with 19, Riverside and Santa Barbara with 11, Davis 10, 
UCSD 8, and Santa Cruz O. 

For UCSD, Sid Glass defeated Jim Gay of Davis 6-3, 6-1 in the singles 
4-B flight finals and then teamed with Dwight Frerichs to defeat Santa 
Barbara 9-7, 6-4 in the doubles 2-B rught finals. 

Other match winners for UCSD: Singles - Frerichs df. Groken-
berger (SB) 3-6, 8-6 , 6-2 (first round); Potts df. Keil (SC) 6-2, 6-4 
( second round) . Doubles - Clark-Teacher df. Wilson-Ganahl (SC) 3-6, 
6-3,6-4 (second round ); Kierstead-Gibbs df. Stoner-Keil (SC) 6-3, 8-6 
(second round) . 

SWlltJp Cal Statll LA., Cal Tllch 

The ups and downs of 
being a human backstop 
Probably the toughest position, and the toughest 

• player, on a baseball team is the catcher. The 
catcher has his ups and downs like everybody 
else, but he seems to be faced with a greater 

, frequency of "downs." Directing the pitcher and 
his pitches, helping the infielders, getting hit 
by foul tips, and blocking home plate are just a 
few of the responsibilities of his demanding job. 

Handling the catching chores for the Triton 
baseball team this spring is freshman Jerry 
Pittman. A graduate of Lincoln High School in 
San Diego, Jerry has got to be a little tougher 
than everyone else because he has a tougher job. 

ifritons Swim To Double Win 
UCSD's swimming team hit the water and sank 

Cal State Los Angeles and Cal Tech in a double dual 
meet at Cal State L.A. on Feb. 13. The Tritons 
showed no bias as they defeated both teams by 
nearly identical scores, 6347 over Cal Tech and 66-
45 over Cal State L.A. 

UCSD entered no divers in the meet and was 
forced to concede eight points to each team in both 
the one- and three-meter dives , but the Tritons 
overwhelmingly dominated the competition in all 
other events. 

The Tritons opened the meet with a victory in the 
400-yard medley relay and went on to capture four 
more firsts in the nine swinuning events . The 
medley relay team of Rich Gleason , Neil Kourbelas, 
Steve Van Voorhis, and Bob Siefert took the 400-
yard event in 4:11.7. 

The outstanding swimmer for UCSD in this meet 
was Larry Troxell, who highlighted the competition 
by sweeping the two distance·events. In the 1000-
yard freestyle Troxell set a new UCSD school 
record of 11 :52.3, more than 37 seconds ahead of 
second place. The sweep was completed with a 

clocking of 5:41.3 in the 500-yard freestyle . O'Leary 
of Cal State L.A. and John Sanders of UCSD were 
second and third, respectively , in both races. 

Bob Siefert grabbed the 5O-yard freestyle for 
UCSD in 24.0, with UCSD's Dave Stillinger third in 
24.8. Siefert also swam a 55.0 lOO-yard freestyle (or a 
second place finish . 

The other top finish by UCSD was Bob Gove's win 
in the 200-yard breaststroke in 2:37.0 with team-
mate eil Kourbelas third in 2:39.4. Gove also 
grabbed the second spot in the m-yard individual 
medley in 2:23.3, with UCSD's Steve Kubel only 1.7 
seconds behind for third . 

The Tritons also finished second and third in the 
200-yard butterfly ; Dick Watts, 2:27.9, was second 
while Steve Van Voorhis, 2:42.0, finished third. The 
scoring was rounded out as Watts also wound up 
third in the 200-yard freestyle in 2:03.9 and Rich 
Gleason pulled in second in the 200-yard backstroke 
in 2:32.3. 

The Tritons' next meet is this afternoon at 4 p.m. 
against UC Riverside at Riverside. It will be a final 
tune-up for the swimming team ~(ore the NAJA 
regional and national championships in March . 

!""" 

Pholle Reser,ation 
OK for Court Use 

UCSD Swordsmen Bow 
To Unbeaten Long Beach 

Varsity Soccer 
Organization Set 
for MOllday Night 

[f) ti\ fil[!J.\ i 
OO©@~ 

Due to the inconvenience of 
personally reserving the 
squash/ handball courts, the 
department will now accept 
telephone reservations. The 
courts may be reserved during 
any hour that the gymnasium is 
open except during instructional 
classes currenUy given from 10 
a.m. to noon on Monday and 
Wednesday. (During the spring 
quarter, classes will be from 11 
a .m. to noon on Monday and 
Wednesday and 10 to 11 a.m. on 
Tuesday and Thursday. 

Reservations may be made 24 
hours in advance by phoning the 
equipment room, ext . 2284. 
Students must present their 
registration card and faculty and 
staff their recreation privilege 
card at the equlpment room when 
picking up their reservation 
number. This nwnber can then be 
posted on the court and it entitles 
the player( s) to one hour of court 
use. 

UCSD's first-year fencing team 
came within two touches of 
upsetting unbeaten Long Beach 
State at UCSD's gym last 
Saturday, Feb. 22. The final score 
was Long Beach 15, UCSD 12. 

The Triton epee team, 
however, did win 5-4 with John 
Helmick and Jim Canole each 
scoring two victories, and Dink 
Huber scoring one. 

In a heart-breaker , the Triton 
foil team lost 5-4 with Dick 
Cheney scoring two victories, 
Mike Jones and Davis Hayden 
each scoring one. 

The sabre was not so close with 
Long Beach State, who showed 
strength and experience in 
whipping UCSD 6-3. Dick Sax 
scored two victories and Stan 
Strauss scored one . 

The high-flying women 's team 
of UCSD was shot down as Long 
Beach scored a 9~ victory. The 
Tritons' nwnber-one and two 
fencers, Terri Breschini and 
Peggy Karpulus, were absent 
from the match. 

The Tritons finished the season 

with 3 wins, and 2 losses , placing 
third in the Southern California 
Intercollegiate Fencing Con-
ference. 

The next contest for the Tritons 
will be the Intercollegiate Fen-
cing Conference of Southern 
California Championship Meet to 
be held this Saturday, Feb. 28 
with Long Beach State . Thirteen 
schools will compete. 

The following week , the 
Western Intercollegiate 
Championship will be held at San 
Fernando Valley State College 
with 27 schools competing. 

7th Annual 

An organizational meeting for 
an intercollegiate soccer team at 
UCSD has been planned for Mon-
day night, March 2 at 6:30 p.m. 
in the gymnasium classroom. 

The meeting will give inter-
ested undet'graduate men students 
an opportunity to discuss the 
organization and future otvarsity 
soccer at UCSO. 

On the agenda is an explana-
tion of the var sity soccer program 
possibilities, questions and dis-
cussions, and a film of the 
World Cup soccer championships. 

Los Angeles-London (Round·lrlp 
(For '1Udon". tscully and .'811 only) 

E U rope ._s_pr_I"_II_Q_U_art_e_r_S_PK_'a_, __ ~.rC h 2$.Jun. 16 11 Wk. 
J t FI- ht Summer Flight, 

$25! 

e 19 S Jun. 15-5ap 22 1~ Wk • . Jun. 21 . Aug. 21 8 Wk. 
Jun. 22·Sap. G 11 Wk • • 
Ju L 5-5.p. 3 8 Wk • • 
Sap. 28 LA·London (Ona ·w.y) 

, 

L TS Travel Service 

$2$5 
$2$~ 
S29~ 
S29! 
$13! 

~24e Overland Av • .• Dept. fl . Culver Clly 
Clllt. 1I0230. (213) 839·7591 
Marty: (714) 755-8850 

+*~+. 

POVERTY PRICES FOR ALL! 

HAPPy HOUR DAILY 5-6 PM 

GREATEST FIGHTS 
BALL GAMES, ETC. 
ON OUR CLOSED 

CIRCUIT VIDEOTAPE 

SANDWICHE'S AND PIZ ZA 

DIME N1 HT (Ol'f~ G\ 
EVERY THURSDAY 8 p.~. 

PARLAY ROOM TAVERN 

225-27 West 15th Street ... 

in the bowels of Del Mar 

Triton Tinn Februlry 27, 1170 PI .. n 



tonight 
"Planet of the Apes" and three hand · 
tinted color films by George Melies 
will b shown tonight at 7:30 p .m . in 
USB 2722. Admission is 75 cents . 
Tonight at 8:30 p.m . leroi Jones and 
Company will present two one ·act 
plays in the gym . Adm ission is S1.5O. 

The Concerto with Rafael Druian , vio· 
linlst will be In Q307 MC at 9 p.m . 

Prokofiev Quartet w ill play at Sher 
wood Hall at 8 ' 30 p .m . Admiss ion Is 
$1.75. 

saturday 
Discovery and Challenger Halls 
present women 's liberat ion 1St Ellen 
Willis Saturday in Challenger's lower 
lounge at 3 p.m 

Creat ive Arts Workshop this Sunday 
will be an ecstatic Dance Workshop 
led by the founder of the American 
Ri tual Theater, Av iva Stevens . Come 
to the Pranc ing Pony room at Revelle 
at 2 p .m . wearing comfortable 
clothing 

sunday 
Santana and the Elv in Bishop group 
are perform ing at 7 p .m . in the gym . 
Admission is S3. 

Sonny Terry and Brownie McGhee 
will be at Sherwood Ha ll at 8:30 p .m . 
Adm iss ion is Sl .5O 

" A long Day's Journey Into Night" 
will be shown at 7 30 p .m . in USB 2722. 

Rennnaisance Folk Concert at 2 p .m . 
in Hl Aud . will Include 2 groups, one 
recorder , the UCSD Chamber Chorus 
and Sam Hinton . 

New Dimensions of Environmental 
Awareness : a panel discuss ion of 
Urban Environment will be held in Hl 
Aud . at 7 p .m . 

wednesday 

• "Pie a la Mode" is the Coffee Hut 's 
Wednesday offer ing at 9 p .m . 

thursday 

A Chamber Concert, " Mus ic for Key 
board and Percuss ion" IS presented in 
409 MC at 8:30 p .m . 

KSDT 
69 p .m . OJ 's are : 

Monday- the Jimi Howard Hello 
Tuesday- Meth is topheles' 9 p.m . talk 
with Ernie MoM on Drugs , Sex, etc . 
Phone in questions at 453·1221 or 453· 
6252 
Wednesday- Big Chief Wh i te Halfoat 
Thursday- The Howard Hello again . 
At 9 p.m . a talk wi th Vice Chancellor 
on whatever ... Phone in ouest ions . 
Friday-Capt. Mark Hoffman . 
Saturday- Ailr . Big . 
Sunday- Daddy Hoffman . 

clubs 
Alpha Sigma Ph i ·Wednesdays 6:30 
p.m. USB 3060. 

A.S. Senate Meeting - Tuesdays 9 
p.m . MC 111A 

Revelle College Government Meet · 
ings - Tuesdays March 3 Revelle 
Provost Office 4 p .m . 

Christian Science Organiza · 
tion - Mondays 7 p.m . Revelle In · 
formal lounge 

Bagpipe Band - Mondays 7 p .m . 2A 
2101 Muir 

Black Students Council - Wednes · 
days 7 p .m . 2E3 902 

Folkdancers - Tuesdays and Fridays 
(lessons) 7:30 p .m . Pump House 
Annex 

S.O.S. Tuesdays 7:30 p .m . USB 4050A 

Russian Club - Thursdays 7:30 p .m . 
language lounge 

~IMS - Thursdays 8 p .m . USB 3070 
Introductory lecture 

Soaring Club - Open Board Meetings 
Wednesdays 9:30 p .m . Beagle lounge 

Tr ident Chr is tian Fellowship - . 
Mondays Weekly lecture "Con · 
temporary Religious Thought" 8 p .m . 
2A 2113. Tuesdays Question and An · 
swer 8:30 p.m . 8854 Knottingham 
Place , L.J ., Thursdays Weekly 
lecture "The Christian Philosophy of 
History " 8:30 USB 2722. 

Young Soc ialist Alliance - Monday, 
March 2, 1 p.m . USB 2622. 

The ASSOCIA TED S1 resents 
Coffee Hut 

The greatest pie-throwing scenes of all times. 

'PIE A LA MOD , 
Wedne~day, March 4 9:00 
plul 1se Hot 00,1 

friday and Saturday, 

BARREL HOUSE BLUES BAND 
Friday 
~t the 

Night 
Movies \-------

'PLANET Of THE APES' 
PLUS THREE HAND TINTED COLOR 

FILMS BY GEORGE MELIES 

USB 2722 7:30 

ANTANA 
COMING EVENTS 

MORT SAHL 

MARCH 1 
LIMITED TICKETS AVALIABLE 

75C 

MARCH 13 UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 

Page 12 Triton Tines February 27. 1970 

on CBmpus 

All students who will need financial 
ass is tance during the 1970·11 
academic year must submit their 
application for financiat lid to the 
Financial Aids Office by March 15. 
Because funds are limited, it is ex · 
pected that there will be more ap · 
plicants than funds . ConSequenlly, 
students applying after the deadline 
will only be considered for financial 
aid to the extent of the availability Of 
funds . Applications are available at 
the Financial Aids Off ice, bldg. 
25OMC, ext . 1946. 

PSA announces the winning caption In 
the cartoon contest : "No, Mr . 
Borgward, I'm not the 'bird with the 
golden tall .' " submitted by Charlie 
Chong who will receive a round trip 
ticket for two to San Francisco. 

Two Allee high .frequency horns and 
drivers and two Trusonic woofers with 
a total value of over SSOO were stolen 
recenlly from the "Anomaly Fac · 
tory," the home of UCSD's experi . 
mental theater . This equipment is 
vital for upcoming prOdUCTionS and 
there are no funds to replace them . If 
anyone with in format ion concerning 
their whereabouts would contact 
David Cunningham at 257MC or at ext . 
1195, no questions will be asked . 

Ellen Willis, member of the New York 
women's liberation group Red · 
stockings, movie critic and noted 
writer on the subject of modern ·wo· 
men, will be a guest in residence this 
weekend . She will be residing in the 
Beagle guest apartment and will be 
available for discussion dur ing meal . 
times and in the evenings, and at 6:30 
Saturday, in her apartment. Miss 
Willis will also give a lecture to the 
Contemporary Issues class on 
"Women : the longest Revolution" 
Tuesday , from 2 to 3: 30 p.m . in 3010 
USB. 

Dr . George BurCh ill , Director of the 
Career Education Planning Center, 
will be available to talk about 
California teaching credential 
reqUirements Monday from 3 to 4:30 
p .m . in Blake conference room 
Tuesday from 6:30 to 8 p .m . in Revelle 
Informal lounge, and Wednesday 
from 3 to 4:30 p.m In the Informal 
lounge. 

oH campus 
The sermon top ic at University 
lutheran Church th is Sunday is, " No 
Tullion and No Admission Require . 
ments ." lutheran Campus Pastor 
Huber will officiate in the service of 
Holy ' Communion and preach , using 
portions of the book of Romans as his 
te)(t. Worsh ip begins at 10 a.m. and is 
open to all. The Chapel and Student 
Center are located at 9595 la Jolla 
Shores Dr ive on the western edge of 
Revelle campus . Siudents from 12 
campuses in San Diego County are 
invited to part icipate in a mission of 
mercy to our neighbors soulh of the 
border th is Saturday . For further 
detailS , contact Pastor Huber at 453 
0561 or Pastor Nessheim at 583·3972 
Reservations should be made in ad · 
vance . 

lectures 

Tuesday from noon to 1 p.m . in MC 
409, lannls Xenakis , composer, will 
lecture on " Aspects of Computer use 
for Sound and Light Display 
Generation in Musical Composition ." 

Tuesday at noon there will be a special 
ecology seminar in Sumner 
AuditOrium S10, taught by Dr . John 
Pllltt, on " What we must do (nexll ." 
For more in formation , contact Waller 
Schmitt, e)(t. 1127. 

Thursday at 8' 30 p .m . In USB 2722, 
th re will b a lecture on " Miracles 
and History" by Dr . J. W. Mon 
tgomery 

Philosophy cOllOqu i um this week 
features Douglas Stewart 'hext Friday 
at 3 p .m in Revelle Informal lounge. 

Mahmoud Abassl, a member of the 
Druz , one of Israel's non ·Arab 
minorities, will speak on"Mlnorl t i!!.s 
in Isrlet" Tuesday at 8:30p .m . in USB 
3020. He will also be speaking at 4 p .m. 
Tuesday on trends in Hebrew 
Literature in USB 3010. 

announcements 

Career employer and graduate school 
representatives on campus next week 
Include : TRW Systems Group, North 
American Rockwell, Cornlng _ Glass 
Works, Aetna I nsurance, Motion 
Picture and Television Producers and 
Directors , Inc., U .S. Atomic Energy 
Commission, Shell Development 
Company, United Technology Center, 
and US ESSA Commissioned Officer 
Corps . 

The Ecumenical Revolution: Break· 
through in Christian Unity , a 
University extension course for 
Spring Quarter, will be taught by Rev . 
John Huber . Class will be held in the 
lounge of the University luthl'ran 
Student Center Mondays from 7 to 10 
p.m . The course will prov ide 
ecumenical Insight into efforts to 
achieve interdenominational unity . 
Free to UCSD students, in con · 
sultation with provost, reg istrat ion 
should be made c/o UC Extension 
(ext. 2061) or c/ 0 Pastor Huber (453· 
0561) . The first lecture on March 30 is 
free and open to the public . 

Marxism and Christianity, a non · 
credit course taught by Rev . Richard 
Spencer, will be offered spring 
quarter on Thursdays from 7: 30·9 
p.m . In the University lutheran 
Student Center. Cost is S5 adults, $1 
students, and rglstration should be 
made c/o University lutheran 
Church (453·0561) . 

If you have a complaint about the 
cafeteria please call fhe AS office at 
ext. 1913. The AS is beginn ing an in 
vestigation of the cafeteria and could 
appreciate your help. 

The tnternal Security Committee of 
the AS U CSD is seeking information on 
off ·campus police forces on campus . 
If you see , have seen, or have been 
detained by San Diego police or 
County Sheriff on campus, call ext. 
1913 and say when, where and what 
were the circumstances . 

The Bloodmobile will be at Surfside 
(lower campus) between 9 a.m . and 1 
p .m . on Thursday , March 12. 
Donations will be for the benefit of all 
University personnel and their 
dependents. The donation need only 
take about an hour of your time and is 
painless . Those who care to donate 
please not i fy Dr " John Strickland or 
Mrs . Mar ian Tate , ext. 1115. 

clBssifieds 
1969 Kawasaki TR (red) Calif . license ' 
777699 was stolen from the loading 
zone behind Revelle Dorm s Wed. 
between 3·6 p.m . If you have any in· 
formation about it, please call Peter, 
755·2008 or e)(t. 2220. No questions 
asked . 

FOR SALE : 10·speed Schwinn, like 
new. Cost $110., with speedometer. 
Metallic brown . Call 453·6764 after 5 
p.m . 

WANTED : reliable babysi tter for 2 
children ages 7·months and 2 years. 
Hours fle)(ibl e. Phone 453·4355. 

COllEGE STUDENTS ONlY-Eur· 
ope, Spain, Greece, Turkey, Rome, 
etc. California Student. Tours. (213) 
478·6639, (213) 469·6875. Fly TIA. 

BARTENDER part lime Frl. and S.t. 
nights in la Jolla's most exciting 
restaurant . Call Mr . Ortiz, 454·0369. 

lady wishes student with car space to 
bring 4 suitcases from Boulder Col . 
Will remunerate. Mrs. Anderson, 454· 
2181 after noon . 

Waitresses want d, 21 or over. New 
restaurant opening. Contact Istlnbut. 
1250 Prospect, la Jolla, 453·2334 . 

1 


