
V.I,m". J J, l,mlle,4 University of (alifornia, San Diego 

Three professors from the left, right, and middle, expound 
their views on politicization and public pressures. Their dis-
agreement may portend a serious polarization within 'the 
university. -

Politics & the University 
The Wliversity is in serious trouble with the 

public, all three men agree. But the way out : 
There's the rub. 

If the disagreements between Gabriel Jack-
son, Jack Douglas, and George Szanto are any 
indication, the university may rip itself apart 
from within before Reagan, the Regents, or tHe 
public ever get a chance to strangle it from with-
out. 

George Szanto, an assistant professor of litera-
ture, was a prime mover in UCSD's S<Kalled 
"reconstitution" of last spring; the Wliversity is 
in trouble, he says, because it has not yet come to 
accept itself as a political institution that has a 
moral obligation to correct the ills of society. 

Jack Douglas, an associate professor of socio-
logy, is leading a faculty committee to "Save the 
University." The institution has fallen down, in 
his view, precisely because increased politicali-
zation has created a "leftist conformity" that is 
inimical to the idea of a Wliversity. Douglas 
tends to be sympathetic to the public uproar 
which he says is the natural outgrowth of 
politicalization. 

Jackson Must Moderate 

Gabriel Jackson, as chairman of the Academic 
Senate, has to moderate between the views of 
these men and the views of a good many others 
who are less outspoken but who also perceive the 
university to be in a state of crisis. The trouble in 
Jackson's'eyes, and presumably in the eyes of 
the majority he serves, is limited to a tiny 
minority of foolish faculty. These he would disci-
pline, and have done. But he is angry at the 
media, which he says has zeroed in on the Wli-
versity's problems and blown them out of all 
proportion. , 

Jackson defends the Wlive~sity vehemently 
against these critics. "The upper 10 per cent of 
the American population, which is what we get at 
UC, has pretty strong ideas by the time it gets to 
college. It is a mistake to think that professors 
have a tremendous influence. 

"But that aside, the overwhelming majority of 
professors present their material fairly and 
conscientiously." 

Need to Reach Public Stated 
And herein Jies Jackson 's main formula for the 

way out: "We must explain to the public, more 
than we have in the past, the real work of 
professors and the limits of 'heir influence." 

Jackson was a member of the "People to 
People" program last spring, and is regularly 
interested in commWlity relations. 

But what problem there is, Jackson insists, is 
minuscule. "Of the 420 faculty," he said, "I know 
of only two or three serious violations." These 
cases are currently in various judicial .:>tages. 

Proles or George ~anto 

Jackson's view of the Wliversity, like Douglas', 
is fairly traditional. The Wliversity exists, he 
says, to transmit what in culture is valuable, to 
discuss new ideas, and to improve the "quality of 
life" generally. 

One can deduce from these principles that the 
Wliversity ought to steer clear of partisan 
politics, to maintain itself above active advocacy 
of any particular set of policies. Although this 
view has come WIder attack in recent years, both 
Jackson and Douglas adhere to it. 

Szanto, on the other hand, is able to view politi-
cal advocacy as the university's optimum bonus 
by simply switching the groWld rules. "Every-
thing is political," he says, "you can't avoid it. 
There are two political phenomena : the leaders 
and the led. So even if you don't do anything, 
your non-action is still political." 

While Jackson and Douglas would have indi-
viduals within the university, politicking for 
amelioration of social ills as private citizens 
rather than as professors, Szanto would involve 
the Wliversity qua university. 

"A Wliversity that doesn't utilize the tremen-
dous intellect it draws together," he said, "is 
avoiding' its moral obligation to society. Rather 
than merely transplant information, the Wli-
versity should prepare its students to face 
problems that haven't even been formulated 
yet." 

This leads to a strange axiom: "Yet another' 
microscopic article on 19th Century poetry 
amoWlts to a shirking of moral responsibility." 

Scholars Should Work on Society's Problems 

In Szanto's ideal world, society would submit 
its most pressing problems to the university for 
analysis, and be happy to have the scholars 
working on something useful. 

Szanto admits that the current public attitude 
toward the Wliversity isn't favorable, but 
comments, "People have let the Wliversity do its 
own non-thing for so long that they dO.Jl 't know 
how to use it now that it 's coming to social 
maturity." 

Still, he says, public attitude will get worse 
before it gets better. "But I don't think the public 
is as hostile as one might gather from reading 
the San Diego Union-TrIbune. Most people really 
don 't care about the Wliversity." 

Jack Douglas disagrees. "The elite Wli-
versities have become hotbeds of liberalism. 
There is a tendency for students to come in 
sharing their parents' views, then move to the 
left so that by senior year, most are at least 
liberal democrats. 

"There are a lot of conservatives who are 
naturally very mad about that." In other words, 
he argues that the populace at large does have a 
vital interest in the education of its youth. 

~ftlst Conformism Noted 
But Jackson insists that this effect of elite 

education- the apparent tendency toward politi-
cal liberalism- isn't his gripe. "There is a leftist 
conformism nowadays," he says, "that doesn 't 
fit at all with the idea of a Wliversity. 

" It used to be that people on the left couldn 't 
get a hearing, were afraid to speak out. Now it's 
gone to the other extreme. So we have to be 
concerned with protecting the rights of the 
people on the right. 

"There are a lot of conservatives who feel they 
have to hide their views. This kind of situation is 
a violation of all academic integrity." 

How exactly does this conformist pressure 
manifest itself? Most of the time, says Douglas, 
"it's just a fear that people will say bad things 
about you or won't talk to you." 

Douglas further asserts that YOWlg, non-
tenured professors of conservative persuasion 
are sometimes afraid to speak out for fear that 
liberals would blackball their promotion. 

This is a contention that Jackson categorically 
denies. "There is no conformity of this sort," he 
retorted, "and there are plenty of people like him 
(Douglas) to prove it." 

Jackson noted that Douglas himself was hired 

only a few years back by a department chairman 
generally considered to be a liberal. 

On the other side of the fence , Szanto, who is 
not tenured, advances the same argument in 

r.evers~. "One never knows what one's own posi-
tion (With regard to tenure) is," he said, "but I 
do know of several other people who have been 
and are in trouble over their leftist views not 
including any action that might have res;Uted 
from those views." 

Douglas does have further evidence of leftist 
conformity, however, which Jackson admits is 
valid to a degree. 

Third College Debates Cited 
Douglas argues that during the Senate debates 

over Third College, many faculty "were afraid to 
speak or vote against it. . ,the Panthers and 
Angela Davis were watching. 

"There were only five, literally, who finally 
voted against it. I know two of them, and I can 
tell you they were scared. 

"I don't think faculty had any reason to be 
afraid at any point in the Third College delibera-
tions," replied Jackson, "but certainly some 
were afraid." 

Jackson went on to emphasize, however, that 
Third College had received a long and fair 
hearing, including many secret ballots. 

He continued that the only overt and undue 
pressure put on the Senate was in spring, 1969, 
when some students stomped their feet and 
heckled in an effort to force early action on the 
proposal. "But that is the only case of its kind 
that I know about ," said Jackson, "and it is not 
fair to generalize from this and say that there 
exists a situation analagous to the fifties. " 

"Clean Up" Necessary 
Pressure surrounding the passage of Third 

College aside, Douglas sees much that needs 
"cleaning up. " He complains of one-sided book 
lists, professors who are free , in his view, to 
"attack the Wliversity" with impWlity, and 
Black racism. 

Specifically, he is opposed to the idea of 
"racial balance" for Third College. "That is 
totally opposed to both liberalism and academic 
freedom . . .it is going to get San Diego very mad 
at the university." 

Douglas says that the great rtlajority of the 
faculty would agree with his views on opposing 
politicization, while over a third of tenured 
faculty, but very few of the non-tenured, have 
actually joined the "Committee to Save the Uni-
versity. " 

Szanto claims no such following, and estimates 
that perhaps two per cent of the faculty would 
subscribe to his general views. 

But the numbers are growing, he contends 
with a certain amoWlt of arrogance: "All of the 
serious YOWlg academics in my department, 
anyway, are tending in this direction." 

Thus, the university may be in for a period of 
polarization; but both Douglas and Szanto might 
be surprised to see how close they really are on 
some issues. 

Szanto Prefers Traditional View 
Szanto, for example, adheres to a traditional 

view of classroom instruction. He is confident 
that any conservative, including Douglas, could 
endorse his teaching as falling within the best 
standards ~f academic integrity. The so-called 
"reconstitution" which he organized, Szanto 
claims, was really only "an exploration of 
alternative forms of education." He emphasizes 
that there was no credit, and that arrangements 
were made to accomodate students who wanted 
to continue regular course work. 

Douglas, on the other hand, might surprise 
Szanto in that he definitely does not consider 
himself a conservative. He claims to be a 
"liberal in the Kennedy class, except further to 
the left." 

Likewise, Szanto asserts, "I'm really not a 
radical. I'm an intelligent humanist. " And 
further, he defends Douglas. "Jack Douglas 
doesn 't create problems, he verbalizes them, 
Anybody who is willing to speak out is a good 
person to have aroWld." 

About professors who urge students to acts of 
physical destruction, Szanto said, " If a pr fe sor 
becomes limited to inflammatory and impotent 
diatribes, he would seem to be an incompetent 
intellectual who probably can't do his ork in the 
classroom either." Accordingly dismissal might 
not be out of hand. . 

Where Szanto and Dougla part ways, of 
cours ,is over the Issu of politiclzation. zanto 
believes that in order to survive, the Wliver ity 
"will have to pre rve th int rnal vitality it has 

Oct."er 9, 1910 

Professor Jack Douglas 
only recently begun to , develop." 

UC: "Soft Underbelly" 
In other words, the Wliversity will have to 

become a responsible-and for Szanto, responsi-
bility implies action-member of society. He 
calls the university the "soft Wlderbelly of 
society" where change can best develop. He 
stresses that the Wliversity must take more 
active stands on the great social issues-like the 
Vietnam war. 

Douglas wants the university to behave 
responsibly, too, but for him responsibility 
implies stopping politicalization and pressures 
for leftist conformity. 

He has several specific things in mind. First, 
he wants the Senate to formulate and enforce a 
stricter code of ethics. 

To avoid pressure for "leftist conformity," he 
would have the Senate pass on major questions 
by mail ballot. "This way, our side will never 
lose. And you don't have to stand up and have the 
radicals write your name down ." 

He says that many important measures, in-
cluding Third College, might never have passed 
had they been put to mail ballot. 

Jackson takes angry exception to the 
suggestion that Third College did not get a fair 
hearing. He chaired the Senate meetings at 
which it was discussed, and is convinced that the 
many hours of faculty debate were honest. 

Douglas goes on to argue that faculty who 
seriously disrupt the university should be fired. 
" If people attack the Wliversity, we'd be crazy to 
go on paying them." Others, like Herbert 
Marcuse, Douglas leaves in a nether world. "The 
basic question is raised whether we, as a state 
Wliversity, should support someone who stands 
against so basic an American freedom as free-
dom of speech. 

"Now I'm not just saying that Marcuse is the 
kind of guy who opposes tolerance, I can quote 
him as opposing tolerance ... we wouldn 't want 
to prevent anyone from expressing their views. 
Even racists, black or white, should be free to 
discuss their views on campus. That freedom is 
basic to the idea of a Wliversity. 

(continued on page 2) 

Prole or Gabriel Jack on 



Contact MikeKlaye 

TRITON TIMES 
Office If You 

Have Experience 

In Page Layout 

I WEAKLING PRINCE STAN The King is really bugged at WEAKLLJG PRlNCE STAN 
because Stan refuses to give up his ballet 
lessons. When the King said to make it 
fre h, light and full of hops, he did not 
mean Prince Stan's execution of the "Swan 
Lake Ballet." He meant ... well, you know. 
Anyway, Stan does look swell in tights. 
Just look for the Royal Family on the can. 

Page 2 

. - , 

Students Support 
Confronation 

BERKELEY - (CPS) - College students accept the use of 
confrontation tactics and reject the methods used by campus 
and civil authorities to quell student protests, according to a 
survey released by a research team at the Center for Research 
and Development in Higher Education located at the University 
of California at Berkeley. 

The survey of 1,452 college seniors was conducted on ten 
campuses selected to represent different institutions by nature 
of size, geographic location, state or private control, economic 
background of the student body. Most of the students were white 
middle·dass men and women with above average academic 
records wl:o graduated last spring and swnmer . 

When asked if they believed that some form of confrontatlon 
"is necessary and effective" in changing the nation 's social and 
political direction only one per cent concluded that confronta-
tion was unnecessary. Nineteen per cent supported only some 
form of "peaceful petitioning." Fifty-two per cent felt that "non-
violent mass protest is the only feasible way to persuade offi-
cials to respect the will of the people." Nineteen per cent an-
swered that the "use of disruptive tactics and the destruction of 
property is often necessary to change the status quo ." And nine-
teen per cent stated that "although some may get badly hurt, 
actual physical confrontation and violence must at" times be 
resorted to in order to affect social change." 

The survey also reported that : 
1) Fifty per cent of the seniors indicated they were or "would 

have been" participants in Vietnam war protests and 36 per cent 
indicated they would be in sympathy with such protests ; , 

2) Seventy-three per cent of the seniors agreed that 
"basically, the U.S. is a racist society" and 17 per cent dis-
agreed; 

3) Fifty-six per cent of the seniors oppose suspension or 
dismissal of students "who disrupt the normal functioning of the 
campus by protests activities". Twenty-()ne per cent favor 
suspension or dismissal; 

4) Despite the fact that none of the schools involved in the 
study had experienced the massive use of police force, 46 per 
cent 'of the seniors see the police as instigators of violence and 
only 28 per cent disagreed. 

The research team was Wlable to provide the names of the 
schools involved in the study Wlder the terms of their contracts 
with participating institutions. 

, 1t • 

t
'''':: '-::' . 

... . 

. . 

, 

, 

Committee House 
OKs Concentratio 

Camps . 

; I 
r I 

WASHINGTON - (CPS) - The House 
ternal Security Committee (HISC) has 
continue concentration camps in the 
States, but with a provision barring detienti •• 
"on account of race, color, or an<!estry 
committee voted 7-1 to report to the full 
bill which would leave intact the key 
title 1[ of the Emergency Detention Act of 
which allows the President to round up suspectl. 
subversives and put them in detention ",,",n.r. 
he deems it necessary. 

Concern over the bill had risen since the 
administration took office, especially after 
Attorney General RiChard Kleindienst 
quoted in AtlaDtic Monthly magazine as fllv,nrin. 
their use for some radicals. He later 
having made the statement. 

The Nixon administration 
the Senate agreed , that the 
establishing the detention camps 
repealed. However, HISe chairman 
Ichord (D-Mo.), who feels radicals, especi~illll 
the Black Panther Party, pose an imInin1e,. 
danger to the U.S., first bottled up the 
finally agreed to report out the new amendme~I' 
only after considerable pressure from 
committee members. 

The non-discrimination clause was intended 
aSsuage the fears of both blacks and Ja~lane~ 
Americans, who were rounded up during 
War II. However, it would still allow the 
dent to round up a group of radicals and 
them in detention camps, as long as he did 
discriminate according to race, color, or 
cestry. 

fI 
I • Bulbous bow or UC- an Diego's Scripps In litution of Oceanography's 

There will be an attempt to amend the bill 
bar all concentration camps when the 
reaches the floor of the House. If that 
tempts will be made to find a compromise 
ween the Senate and House versions in newest and largest re earch vessel, the 245-(00t, 2,075-ton Melville houses equipment ror undersea mapping_ The !ieVlm portholes provide 

underwater viewing ports for scientists as ship moves. 
ference committees. 

Politics And The University 
(continued from page 1) 

"But Marcuse, for example, might want to 
keep someone like George Wallace from 
speaking on a university campus." 

Jackson 10 Middle 
Jackson, meanwhile, is caught in an Wlcom-

fortable middle. While Szanto's views are 
probably more extreme, Douglas' would seem to 
have more sting because they are propoWlded 
from the sarne traditional premises to whlch 
Jackson and most of the faculty adhere. 

Still, Jackson maintains his middle ground. 
The question "When are you going to clean up 
the Wliversity?", he says, is similar to asking 
"When are you going to stop beating your wife?" 

"When people say 'clean Up the Wliversity' 
they mean fire a dozen or so professors whose 
politics they don 't like. I will not admit that we 
have a mess to clean up. 

"Regents and the public would like the faculty 
to defend the status quo. But the university must 
remain free to criticize strongly and negatively. 

"Of course we must work for gr.eater 
discretion in our political behavior, but at the 
same time, we must completely defend aca-
demic freedom [or ourselves and our students. 
No matter how political it may be in the short run 
to make concessions to a hostile public opinion, 
we would be destroying the university In the lone 
rWl ." 

HAPP 

YOM 

KIPPE 

EOP GroYis In '70·'71 
There has been a 100 percent 

increase of Economic 
Opportunity Program students 
for the 197~71 academic year, 
and the whole program has 
been drastically overhauled in 
an effort to make it available 
for all who need it. 

"All EOP students are 
eligible for this help," 
remarked Christina Lidot, 
tutorial coord ina tor for 
UCSD's EOP office, "all they 
have to do to get it is come in 
and ask for it. " 

The EOP is a special 
program which helps 
minorities get into college and , 
once they have transferred in, 
belps them to graduate. Some 
people who are alreaay in 
college are eligible for this help 
also. They need only go down 
and apply. 

"Last year," said Lidot, "the 
program bad hardly anything 
to offer the student, but this 
year EOP has a whole range of 
services to help the student on 
many levels. " 

Granl Callahan 

The high percentage of EOP 
students who are failing 
classes, on p:r!)bation, or 
subject to dismissal bears out 

. the fact tha t" ; the previous 
programs of EOP have not 
benefited the students . 
Therefore , a new " two-
pronged " program was 
initiated last spring to recruit 
students and to provide 
adequate supportive services. 

"The new emphasis i ~ on 
keeping students here and this 
means a strengthening of 
EOP's main support program ; 
tutorials. To implement the 
program, some 200 tutors have 
been recruited, interviewed 
and trained for their roles in 
helping more than 450 EOP 
students," she said. 

"To insure that every student 
who wants help will get it , the 
program also provides [or six 
tutorial aid s who will go about 
the campus contacting student 
members. And the ones who do 
not want to wait to be 
contacted can apply for help 

Swelling Campus Population 
Puts UCSD in Financial Pinch 

By Bruce MonieD 
"Even if the 1971-72 operating budget is approved 100 per cent, 

the campus will continue to feel a financial pinch," claims Herm 
Johnson, vice-chancellor of business and finance. This is being 
caused primarily by over~nrollm~t. The over~nrollment 
affects faculty, administration and staff. Already this year 
UCSD has 476 students registered over the estimated fall enroll-
ment. 

The budget still has to be approved by the governor and the 
legislature next spring. After legis1ative adjustment and ap-
proval the university will go through a regrouping process. 

San Diego is presently being hit hardest in the area of the 
instructional budget. Twelve teaching assistant jobs have been 
eliminated for a savings of $81,648. This raises the student-TA 
ratio to 38.61 to one, using the estimated enrollments. However, 
due to over~nrollment, the ratio is now about 42 to one. 

Due to reduced state support, all arts and lectures monies 
must be generated by the general campus through registration 
fees and ticket sales. 

More'I1um Expected 
Enrollment is already nearing the estimated 1971-72 level, 

which was supposed to be a 16.3 per cent increase over this year. 
The medical school enrollment is up 43 students from the last 
year and it is estimated the enrollment increase next year will 
be 156, or a 45.9 per cent increase over this year. A 9.8 per cent 
increase is also expected for Scripps. 

Some of the harder-hit areas on the campus this year are the 
library, administration and maintenance. This situation is 
expected to continue next year. John Galbraith, UCSD's second 
chancellor, pushed for a major research library on the campus. 
The justification for the library was that San Diego is the state's 
third largest metropolitan area. The state, however, looks more 
at the ratio of volmnes to students and volumes to faculty. The 
staffing of the library is not adequate to maintain hours of 
operation that correspond to the demand. The library is 
currently running below the required operating budget and will 
probably continue to do lIO:Hence, the prospects for a major 
research lilrary at UCSD are dim. 

. Budget Too Low 
The administration budget is running below the required 

amount for efficiency. This is caused by several problems. The 
increased workload, caused by increased enrollment, is the 
overriding factor. Additional problems which are often not 
realized by the state are the federal workload, the processes of a 
growing campus and other extra-mural activities which are 
placed on the administration. . 

Maintenance, like the library, is operating with a severely 
reduced budget. This is causing a buildup of deferred mainte-
nance. There have been steady Increases in fixed-eost items 
such as utilities, which must be met from the budget prior to 
those more flexible items. As a result of this, some areas suffer. 
Those areas usually affected first are in janitorial and groWlds 
services. 

The entire budget is based on estimated workloads, including 
the workload increases. This accounts for only the most essen-
tial hard-<:are programs. Other programs are set up on a 
priority basis. This means that any new programs are virtually 
helpless. 

More EcoDomical Action 
Trying to combat the increased enrollment, the Wliversity is 

making efforts to operate more economically as the academic 
programs expand. President Hitch says that some of the 
measures "Include larger class size and improved utilization of 
the facilities on the growing campuses." 

Just recently the campus received a request for a budgetary 
savings of 3.21 per cent. This would mean a set quota on spen-
ding of 97 per cent of that originally budgeted for all depart-
ments. MOBt departments are already working with skin-and-
bones budgets. This additional cut will mean further economic 
measures and a tighter pinch. 

personalty, at building 711 on 
the Matthe ws campus," Lidot 
noted. 

In their efforts to make the 
program as flexible as 
possible , the EOP 
administrators are offering not 
only individual and group 
tutoring but also tutorial 
classes and tutorial counseling. 

Siudents Make Cboices 

Students will be allowed to 
choose whether or not they 
prefer academic help in a 
group with other students or in 
a one-to-one relationship with a 
tutor. If they choose a tutor, 
they still have a preference as 
to his status (senior, graduate 
student, . etc. ), sex and ethnic 
background . 

Additionally, the EOP is 
providing its students with 
information regarding student 
life, activities on campus, the 
health center , and 
extracurricular activities. 
They are also encouraging 
students to use all the non-
academic services available to 
them. 

"The goal of the tutorial 
program," said Lidot, " is to 
help students survive at this 
university by providing them 
with the necessary skills. At 
the same time it is hoped that 
they will become more and 
more self-sufficient and less 
dependent on ' t utorial 
assistance. " 

"The new tutorial program 
will attempt to help minority 
students in the following ways: 
first , have a ' student 
understand the material on his 
own terms, keep his originality 
of thought; second, translate 
his knowledge into executive 
English; and third, expand 
executive English into 
sophisticated uni versity 
language. 

Tutors to Emphasize 
Understanding 

" It will also be the 
responsibility of the tutors to 
help the students understand 
the logic behind the material 
they are ~esenting . " 

A criticism of the past 
history of the program was 
contained in a publica lion by 
the organization itself, which 
stated, "In the past it has been 
the responsibility of the EO? 
office to provide tutorial 
services to those who sought 
them. These services were, to 
say the least, inadequate. 

"Characterized by loose 
structure, lack of control and 
ill-defined goals, the program 
failed to meet the needs of the 
student. Also, the program was 
abused by tutor and tutored 
alike. The emphasis was placed 
on passing a course, cramming 
for exams, or writing papers, 
thus neglecting the student's 
own learning process. 

Uaaware of Needs 

"Many tutors were unaware 
o[ the special needs of EO? 
students and as such did not see 
the tutorial program as a 
supportive service for 
students, but ra ther as a solll:e 
of income. Seeing themselves 
as a fountain of knowledge , the 
tutors failed to prepare for 
their tutorial sessions. The 
tutor attempted to imitate 
professors by presenting the 
material in the form of 
lectures, thebzallowing the 
tudent to m morize rather 

than understand the given 
information. For example, 
tutorial s ions were used to 
solve math problems or correct 
grammatical errors of papers, 
instead of focusing on the logic 
behind lh subject area." 

Concrete, light, 'pace, and ,ound merge in developing Muir College. 

Summer Conference Program 
Brings in ~oney For Students 

Rod Lorang 

A lot of students are walking around with 30 
extra dollars in their pockets, and don 't even 
know it. The story of where the money came 
from is out of season, and thus isn't exactly 
news, but it is an example of a business manager 
putting students before money, and maybe that, 
by virtue !If rarity , is news. . 

The pocket-filling figure above represents 
each dorm-using student's share in the profits of 
this school's summer conference program. 
Simply stated, the program makes money, and 
the money is pumped back into the residence 
halls, lessening each student's financial burden 
by over $30 per year. 

MAKE-UP 
The conference program consists of groups 

that come onto the campus during the summer, 
and pay to use residence halls, classrooms, and 
other facilities. While here, the groups hold 
meetings, lectures, and seminars, listen to guest 
speakers, and do all the other things conferences 
do . 

To be eligible to come onto the campus, a 
group must be non-profit, non-religious, aca-
demic, and sponsored from on campus. As a 
consequence of these restrictions, many groups 
are connected with University Extension , 
various academic departments, or college ad-
ministration. Freshman orientation is a major 
item, and other groups have ranged from bio-
chemical seminars to high school cheerleaders. 
The average group stays at least three to four 
nights, and has either 60-100 or 2QO..3()() members. 
Few groups fall in between these basic sizes; but 
a few are much smaller, and the largest totalled 
740 people (700 of whom were fit and trim cheer-
leaders. The conference office expedenced a 
sudden surge in "volWlteers" wanting to help 
with the program.) The record for the longest 
stay belongs to a group that came back three 
times for a total stay of nine weeks. 

Averages and records aside, though, every 
group brings money. This summer, over 40,000 
occupant-<lays were passed by conference 
members, at rates of $6 per day for a smgle room 

or $4.50 each lor a double. Conference members 
also help with food service expenses, and at least 
reimburse the school for the use of classrooms 
and equipment. 

POUCY 
For the residence halls, the conference 

program is of obvious monetary importance. But 
if the program made no money, says conference 
CIHlrdinator ~irlee Long, it would be continued 
for other reasons. The program allows 12-month 
employment for ~ residence hall personnel, 
and summer jobs as "hotel clerks" for ten to fif-
teen students. It brings the community onto the 
campus, and provides a chance to extend the 
academic of the University. 

Even more significant than this is the attitude 
that the students are more important than 
money. In all instances where the choice has 
been people or profit, people have come out on 
top. For example, students living in the dorms 
during the summer do not pay profit-maldng 
conference rates. Their fee of $2.50 per night is 
calculated to just cover utilities and cleaning. 
Also, conferences used to be held during Christ-
mas and spring breaks, but when students 
complained that the things they left in their 
rooms were being tampered with despite all pre-
cautions, these sessions were halted. Now the 
time is used for heavy maintenance and 
cleaning, while the dorms stand empty. 

NEXT YEAR 
The future of the conference program looks 

bright. The growth rate since the program began 
three years ago has .leen about 50 per cent per 
year , an increase Mr. Bill Borsari, associate 
business mllnA"!," ~i'- "" ..... ,,11 .. 
can handle." Similar growth is expected this 
year; many groups have already left word that 
they plan to return. 

The big question now is whether there will be II 
summer school session this year. If there 15, the 
conference program may have to be cut back or 
eliminated; because, strange a it may seem, 
the students come first . 

Triton Tim .. October 9 , 1970 Po,. 3 



Thi building was the camp post office and today still tands as the cashier office. 
Try to find the little building in the arial photo. Hint: It tands alone el\:actly 
where it stands today. 

A well maintained sign orders no more "beautification" to the former Marine 
base. Photo taken 1964. 

I Picture taken in 1964 from the roof of the gym of the former amp Mallhews. 
Urey Hall of Revelle College Can be een far to the left in the backJ;round. 

The Camp Matthews meS8 hall, seen here, today is the campull bookstor~.Swallow 
your pride, booksfore people, look at your humble beginnings. 

I 

8egiDl Ii ag with the t nt city in middle left portion of 
picture and following the main road to the right, most 
of pre e ll day Matthews' Campus can be een. The 
canyon ju t above the tent was IiII d for the pre ent 
day Medical chool . Moving to the right, past the 
ma rching fie ld, to the econd cl uster of buildings, 
you can ee the present da y book tore. At one time 
thi wa th{' me hall. 

Just ubove the quon t hu t i an open a ir thea ter 
whl'rl' mari ne would it o n a mmo bOl\:e . In th r fore-
ground Urf' rifle ranges a nd in the upper right corner 
the Third College commons. 

Page 4 Triton Times October 9, 1970 

Note that at this time (cira 1959) the pre ent day 
roadway to Matthews was not yet cut. In the upp r 
central area of the picture wa the intersection of 
10 I the road to La Jolla. There wa a gas station 
th re and a lillie greasy spoon cafe that remained up 
til 1964. (J ust beyond the water tower). 

The straight row of Euccalyptu grov at tim 
were to be used for railroad ties for the anta Fe rail . 
The wood plit when pike were driven into it so the 
groves re mained fairl y undi turbed s ince th lat 
19th century. 

Picture shows the pool at the Camp Matthew8 gym. 
The pool is buried under the Vetran's Hospital today. 

Here i the interior of the gatc house where the police 
station and per onnel offi e are loday . • 

'-Openings Annouo(e,d: 
for Re~elle College Committees 

The Revelle Committee on College Affairs will be accepting 
applications for appointments to college and campus-wide 
committees on which Revelle undergraduates may serve next 
week from Monday, October 12 through Friday, October 16. 
'lbere will be a table with applications available in the Plaza 
from 11 a.m.·l p.m. every day next week which will .be manned 
by members of the RCCA who will accept applications and 
answer any questions. Below are detailed each of the 
Committees and the interests and purpo es each of the 
rommittees serve. 

JUDICIAL COMMITTEE (Revelle College)-Four Revelle 
under·graduates 'are appointed to ' this student-faculty 
committee charged with hearing matters involving violation of 
Revelle College or campus-wide regulations by any member of 
the University community while on Revelle campus or 
attending a function sponsored by Revelle College . This 
committee is a standing sub-committee of the Revelle 
Committee on College Affairs. 
. PLAZA COMMITTEE (Revelle · College)-Two Revelle 
undergraduates serve on this committee, 10 addition to one 
student appointed by the Residence Hall Council (formerly 
Inter·hall Council) . and are responsible for the volume control 
of any amplification equipment used in the Plaza. Their duties 
Include the enforcing of and , in special circumstances, the 
gral)ting of exception to policies established for use of sound 
amplification equipment in the Plaza . This committee is also a 
standing sub-committee of RCCA. 

REGISTRATION FEES COMMITTEE (ASUCSD 
Committee )....:.one Revelle undergraduate is appointed to this 

.CJlmpus-wide committee responsible for making 

. recommendations to the Chancellor regarding allocation of at 
least $100 of the $150 per student per quarter collected in 
Registration Fees. and how such funds shall be utilized on 
£aIDpus. The committee presently funds such activities as the 
Student Health Center and Health Insurance Program in 
addition to the Intramural Athletics Program and the 
Communications Board, the Anomaly Factory. the Campus 
Prop:ramming Board. and the Matthews Campus Art Gallery. 

COMMUNICATIONS BOARD (ASUCSD Committee)-two 
evelle undergraduates are appointed to the Board, which is 

concerned witfi the promotion, maintenance, and regulation of 
all communications media at UCSD (KSDT and the TRITO 
TIMES). This committee is directly responsi~le for the 
funding· of such activities as tl}e radio station and the 
newspaper. 

CAMPUS PROGRAMMING BOARD(ASUCSD Committee) 
-One Revelle undergraduate is appOinted to this committee 
which sponsors and funds any type of cultural event which is 
either too large of q financial proposition for an individual 
college to fund , or of a broad and general interest to the 
University community as a whole. The Board has in the past 
funded the Inaugural Lecture Series, events at Sherwood Hall, 
and major ' concerts on campus. With a budget of 
approximately $47,000 to allocate. the Board serves as both a 
source and a resource for many activities. . 

For any additional information. inquiry should be made at 
the table in the Plaza or of any of the student members in 
RCCA: Fritzi Muer, Barbara Simon, Dave Smith. John Lee, 
Sue Carpenter, or Barbara Randall. Applications should be 
obtained from and returned to either the ·table in the Plaza 
between 11 a.m.·l p.m. or the Revelle College Provost's Office 
after tha t time. 

Campus Employees 
Consider New Union 

Jim Stronski 
On Wednesday , September 30, the Library Technicians 

Association sponsored a lunch hour meeting with AFSCME 
(American Federation' of State, County and Municipal 
Employees ) representative David Navagradski. The meeting, 
attended by employees frpm several University departments. 
was held to inform workers about proposed changes in 
personnel rules and the efforts of the AFSCME locals on other 
campuses to affect University policy regarding workers. 

Much of the hour was spent discussing the upcoming 
revisions in Rule 6, the pay rule . Under the new rule, fixed 
merit salary increases of 2.5 percent, 5 percent and 7.5 percent 
would be abandoned and replaced by raises in dollar amounts 
as specified for each employee by his supervisor. Also, the 
waiting period between raises would be increased for many 

~mployees, especially part· time employees to reach the 
inaximum salary for their job classifications in order to keep 
the total wages for the University as low as possible for as long 
as pOssible. Mr. Navagradski stated that discussions between 
AFSCME and administration officials have indicated that the 
changes in Rule 6 would not be implemented on campuses 
where workers would offer organized opposition. 

During the question and answer period, Mr. Navagradski 
explained what he considered to be the basic difference 
between AFSCME and the California State Employees 
Association. CSEA, he said , is largely concerned with 
ciUpplying life and health insurance for state workers and 
"asn't been as active in the areas of wages and working 
conditions as AFSCME. He added that AFSCME believes that 
mployee insurance should be payed for by the employer. as it 

; 'i in industry, a goal which AFSCME hopes to achieve in a few 
~'ears . Also answered were several questions on the structure 
clnd workings of a union. 

As a result of this meeting a group of campus worker has 
decided to hold an off campus meeting to discuss the 
possibilitie of forming an AFS ME local at UCSD. It will be 
held at 1232 A West Redwood (off India north of Wa hington ) 
on Ottober 13 at 7:30 p.m. 

Central Library looms in foreground while Muir and Revelle colleges creep down the coa~ t towards La 
Jolla (background). Mal/hews Campus can be seen in the lower left portion of the picture. 

folk arts 
bIllS, folk JIZZ, 

roclt on record 
llso: pottery. j.welry, 
'either, 

hind mid. clothes 
37&3 indil 

(cDrner washington 
Ind india) 

Want to write-
see-

Rich Heimlich 
T. T. City Editor 

SUPPORT RED CROSS 

us 
help 

CHRISTIAN SCIENCE ORG. 
Picnic' Organizational 

meeting today, 
Friday, Oct. 9 

PLEASE CONTACT, 

Heidi- 459-8165 or 
Chris Bldg . 2A 6141 

Frank 
Scalfone 
2(XX) Song RepertOIre 
Rock - Folk - Country-SOul 
Tuesday IhfU Saturday Evemngs 

Tour the CUcult 01 sounds 
lennon, Donovan. Reddmg. 
Jefferson Airplane , . . 
Tune up With a man who knows 
and l'Ias the louch of soul. 
Get It all together wllh Frank Scallone 
at the Grand Pn:c , 6th and B Oownlown 

~1Ril[ID m:R3~ 
" Where meanmgful friendships begm. ,. 

lunch II AM e PM Enlert.'l'Imenl & Otln 

GIANT BlOW-UP 
213 It. Poster (black" white) 

l 

Enclose cash. check or money 
order (no C O.O.'sJln the amount 
of $3.50 for each blow·up. 
Original material returned un · 
damaged. 
Sat,sfaclion guaranteed Allow 30 

~ays fa, delivery . Add 45¢ fo r 
post.lgo & handling. 

~ME ______________ _ 

AODR[SS ______ _ 

CITY __ STATE_ZIP_ 

Davis Camera 
STUDlNT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 45'-7355 

Triton Time, October 9, 1970 Page 5 



triton tilDes 
University of c.lifornia. Sin Diego 

La Jolla. California 92037 
(714) 453-2000. ext. 1016, Advertising Iltt. 1017 

.Haywood Gammon, Editar-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The editorial. e.p,e.1ed below are :fpro"ed by the TRITON TIMES Editorial Boo,d. All othe, opinion. 
expresMCI Oft thi. page are those the author, wh_ names appear in the byline., and do not 
necella,ily ,eflect the "iews of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone de.i,ing to submit material to be published in 
thil .. ction should .. nd it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD. 

The opinians expresled on the .. pages are those of the authors who .. names appear in the bylines and 
do not necessarily reflect the views of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit material to be 
published on the .. pages should .. nd it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD. 

Your Relations with the Narc 
. Many freshmen , upon arriving at UCSD, feel 

a n_ freedom in the atmosphere and belie", 
them .. l"es safe to indulge in a number of 
activities which they feared to practice within 
the "icinity of their parents, including using 
marijuana and other illegal substances. 

We reg ret to repo rI to the m tha t some 
agencies exist near UCSD which consider it 
their duty to couse difficulty' for people who use 
such drugs. UCSD itself is within the 
ju risdiction of the San Diego City Police 
Deportment while the North County area, 
including Del Mar where many students li"e, is 
patrolled by the San Diego County She riff's 
Office. 

Narcs Use Subterfuge 
Among the methods used by law enforcement 

agencies to trop drug law violators is the use of 
underco"er police agents and informers - paid 
and unpaid. Such agents, known as " narcs, " are 
reputed to engage in various immoral activities 
to trap their prey. Besides indulging freely in 
the same drugs they later turn others in for 
using. narcs have been reported to threaten 
people who discover their identity and entice 
people to use drugs, sometimn providing them 
with their first sample, so that they may obtain 
grounds for their arrest . The legal protection 
afforded na res by the police and the foct that 
most people who observe narcs behaving in the 
manner dncribed above are themselves 
violating the law result in few cases of these 
activities coming to public notice . 

By a " gentleman' s agreement" between 
Vice-Chancellor of Student Affairs George 
Murphy and the SDPD, UCSD is granted the 
freedom to handle drug problems in its ow~ 
way, providing it does take some action (whiCh 
need not be to tu rn students in to the law 
authorities) . Police agents are not supposed to 
come on campus without Murphy being so 
informed . Students, howe"er, regularly report 
seeing people they suspect to be no res on 
campus. Murphy follows up these reports by 
checking with the police ; so for , they ha 
denied having agents on campus. On the other 
hand , any student who thinks he is doing a public 
se rvice by informing on his fellows is free to do 
so. 

Once someone is orrnted in San Diego 
County, he cannot expect the local officials to 
show any concern for his wellore beyond that 
required by law. Even if he is innocent, he may 
s.ill have to pay over a thousand dolla rs in legal 
fees before being released and have a 
permanent arrest record which may cause him 
trouble when he tries to find a job. If he is short 
on money, he may be assigned to the public 
defender who is known to encourage people to 
pleod guilty to lesser offenses. Should he be 
convicted, even as a first offender, he will 
receive a longer sentence and less consideration 
than anywhe re else in Colifo rnio . 

Leads to Disrespect 
The T R I TON TIM ES condemns a law 

enforcement system that, in the guise of " law 
and order," promotes behavior that leods 
people to disrespect our system of justice. 
Secret policemen who indulge in illegal 
activities encourage others to do the same and 
generally lead people to distrust the state, and 
also thea ten the freedom and domestic 
tranquility they claim to be protecting. 

On the other hand, the TRITON TIM ES does 
not believe that all drugs should be legalized . 
" Hard" nareotics, stimulants and depressants 
such as methadrine and seconal, and other 
drugs proven tobeharmful, suchas LSD, should 
all be controlled by law. 

Marijuana Laws Hypocritical 
Since, to OUr knowledge, if marijuana is 

harmful at all , its danger hardly approaches 
that of alchohol or nicotine, in our opinion 
maintaining its illegality is dangerous 
hypoc risy. Rother than preventing people from 
going on to stronger drugs, the marijuana lows 
encou rage people to believe that other illegal 
d rugs a re equally harmless. 

We do not advocate that the drug laws be 
violated . We do advocate that certain laws and 
police procedures that harm society more than 
they aid itbe changed. In the meanwhile, we urge 
students to be careful. We urge them to note 
that falsely accusing someone of being a narc 
also can couse that person great harm . 
Paranoid fear is another undesirable result of 
.his situation . Students must make up their own 
minds about what they do, but they should know 
what they a re gelling into. 

\ IHE.Y' I/rc. ~n"\J~D UP 'TH~ WP-12. 
,\C.A I NSi Nf>.'\\)I2.( I I, 

We regre' ,ho' as a resul, 01 a prin'ers erro" 'he disclaimer on Tuesday's edi,o,ial pages indicated ,ha' 
'he opinion column below i, ,epr/isen'ed the opinion 01 the TRITON TIMES . We must lirmly s'o'e that 
none 01 the opinions expressed on Tuesday's editorial pages were endorsed by the TRITON TIMES 
Editor;al Boa,d. The opinions were 'hose 01 the oulhors. We also regret thaI the byline a, H. Gerson 
Jones was omitted on Ihe "Angelo Davis and Academic F,eedom" orlicle. 

Page 6 Triton Times October 9, 1970 

The Administration 

"A New Way f Acting" 
Pascual Martinez 

Editor's No.e: 
Pascual Martinez is 'he dean 01 sludents 01 

Thi,d College . Tradi'ionolly Ihis ollicer has made 
conlod be, ween administration and sludents 
easier. For better or worse, he has 01 ten been 
viewed as a "disciplinor;an" by studen's. There 
was never any doubt as '0 where autho,i,y loy in 
'his con'acl. However, Thi,d College was heavily 
int/uenced by sludents in i,s planning and 
developmen" and i,s guidance is a ioin' s'uden'· 
facul'y.odminis'ralion venlure. Dean Marlinez 
has written a column in which he answe,s the 
question: "How do you view your own iob, do you 
have a goal or ideal you wish Jo worle towa,d?" 

The article by Carl Neiburger of Sept. 29, 1970, on the Committee to 
Save the University was a good attempt to deal with a very complex 
and controversial subject in an objective fashion . However. there are 
some crucial points which I believe need to be clarified for the UCSD 
community. . 

First, the charge of Provost Saltman that some of our actions have 
been like those of the radical is both false and ridiculous , It is false 
because the crucial problem of radical activism has been the use of 
violence and threats of violence to achieve their aims, as everyone 
knows. If the radicals simply insisted on communicating with the 
American public via the mass media , or with talking with the 
governor or the Regents , almost every member of our group would. 
applaud their initiative and constructive actions. Indeed, I personally 
believe in free speech very strongly and I urge everyone to 
communicate with the public. the governor. and the Regents . (One 
thing the governor said was that no faculty member ever bothered 
before to call him and ask him what he really believes, though many 
of those same people have attacked him on the ba is of false 
newspaper accounts. ) 

Discussions Not Unusual 
Il is false also because there has been nothing at all unusual about 

our di scussions with the Regents. How many dozens of times in the 
past year have McGill , Saltman, and others gone on television 'and to 
the newspapers' to express the official administration view of the 
" truth? " The [act, as presented in my long public statement about 
"Talks With the Regents; . The Facts," is that the Regents asked 
us to give them our views about the needs of the university ; and the 
governor asked us to talk with him about the need to end the political 
influences on the university , both from inside and outside. I strongly 
believe it is the duty of every member of the university to give his 
views on these crucial issues. 

Third , the charge is false because it is absolutely not true that we 
are not working through " normal channels." We have many actions 
pending through normal administrative and Senate channels. 
Moreover. to the extent that we are in favor of changing any rules of 
procedure. we are Qoing so entirely through the legal procedures of 
the university. 

Paranoia Common 
Prflles;sor Jackson 's expressed fear that "Regents may 

ltee to divide and conquer" is simply strange. In the 
assumes that the Regents are somehow at war with 
Senate. Since the Academic Senate doesn't even 

unless the Regents allow it to , and since it doesn 't have 
operating funds unless the Regents approve it and ask 

for it. what could that charge possibly mean? In spite 
for Professor Jackson and my deep respect for his 

aCll0eml(:l:lllities, I fear he may have given way here to SQme of the 
paranoia thalis all too common these days . 
urge Professor Jackson to talk with the Regents to find 

ts are not at war with us, that many of them have 
parts of their lives to our welfare for no recompense at 
fight the legislature every year in our behalf (even 

when we failed in our duty of keeping partisan politics out of the 
classroom and off the floor of the Academic Senate ), 

Academic Standards 
Third. I believe Professor Jackson 's fear that some people will 

think we rtJresent more people than we do is the opposite ofthetruth. 
Because many faculty members are simply afraid to speak out, or 
because t~y are afraid of being attacked as " racist·fascist·pigs" for 
standing u~ for academic standards. the grave danger is that our rea l 
strength, r real support among those who are afraid to speak out. 
will be gr sly underestimated - except when we can get votes by 
mail·ballo in which case we will probably win all votes. 

Fourth. i is not at all true that I have not at all times separated my 
own actio . such as writing books. articles. lett~rs and so on. from 
those of actions as chairman of the CSU. There was never any 
basis for ch confusion and such charges have been made onl y by 
our enem' s who want to depict us as a " right-wing cabal with no 
real fa cul support. " We have never acted as a cabal and we have 
very soli demonstrated , explicit support from almost all the 
responsib and courageous members of the faculty. Our only 
problem i' that the combination of responsibility and courage is not 
more co on. but I think it will be found to be a solid majority when 
we use rna ballots. 

Fifth. th statements made by Provost Watson are both' confusing 
and fal se, but I will not go into them here because they are in 
response t my personal struggle against the destruction of academic 
standards nd the politicalization within the Third College. The CSU 
has never ken an official position on Third College, though our 
principles ould obviously oppose any form of politicalization tha t 
might occ 

UC Faces Crisis 
ty faces a grave crisis, both from the politicalization 

the angry attacks from without. The CSU has been 
create more effective, legal , and moral action by the 
faculty and admi nistrators to solve the crisis, and 

save the university from destruction. Our society and our 
Iy need the objective knowledge the university can 

invite the support, the cooperation. and the responsible 
a ll who share that belief and that goal. 

"Rumors, CSU, and Third College" Letters To The Editor 
In today's Issue of the TRITON TIMES Prof. 

Jack Douglas answers some of the charges 
which have been laid against the new "Save the 
University" faculty organization. However, the 
TRITON TIMES still doesn't feel he bas an-
swered, confirmed, dlnled, or even 
acknowledged the rumors that revolve around it. 

In his defense of CSU Professor Douglas says 
the organization is against politicallzation of the 
unJverslty and for malntaln1ng high academic 
standards. Like everything else, whether this 
politicalizatlon Is good or bad Is a question of 
degree aud type. The TRITON TIMES believes 
that IF an organization or Individuals (In-
dependent of the recognized faculty 
organization, the Academic Senate) were sen-
ding secret reports on the faculty to Sacramento, 
or were actively working behind closed doors to 
influence a governor's choice for chancellor at 
UCSD, this would definitely be polltlcallzation of 

~he "bad" type. 

We do not contend or imply tbat the CSU 
serves this function, only that rumors have not 
been unequivocally confirmed or denfed. CSU 
has as much right to polltlcalize as does the 
Academic Senate, SOS, or the 1'1'. Vet, this is 
supposed to be an open learning community, so 
wh¥ Dot bring the issue out into the open. 

In hls article Douglas answers an accusation 
by Provost Watson (Third College) by saying 
CSU has never taken a stand on Third Coli ge. 
Presumably Third College hould appreciate the 
fact that CSU has not attacked them. Since CSU 

has never taken a stand, one must Imply it's 
because Third College is "suspect" on the two 
bugaboos of poIlticalization and lowering of 
academic standards. Well, a year from now 
Third College may be known as a West Coast 
Factory of urban guerrillas, but then CSU may 
be a communJst front organization. 

Practically everyone supports the idea of high 
academic standards. CSU ohviously does, the 
TRITON TIMES does, and so does third College. 
CSU implJes that the university will crumble if 
academic standards are lowered, However, one 
need only survey the world around him to see 
that, even U academic standards aren't lowered 
one iota, the university could still crumble. 
There is nobody learniDg or teaching at Third 
College today wbo would not bave been 
academically qualUieel to do so one year ago. 
There ate, however, some (mostly learning) who 
would never have redeved the opportunity a 
year ago. In other words, Third College stands 
not only for high academJc standards, but also 
for contending with the social and urban 
problems which could destroy the unJversity 
(and a lot more) iregardles5 of academic 
standards. 

While academic standards are important Qr 
ratber they are very Important, they're not 
everything. Instead of third College wby doesn't 
CSU applaud aod endorse the Ideals behind 
Third College? It migbt help to dispel that feeling 
which Prof. Douglas contends Is a symptom of 
paranoia by Dr. Jackson, that CSU is simply 
here to divide the univenlty. 

Morality, Self-Interest, 
and Mr. Keating's 
Ideas of Child Care 

According to well· 
documented studies of 
mora lity by Lawrence 
Kohlberg at Harvard . 
morality is shown to progress 
through six . well·defined 
stages in all cultures. The 
" morality" expressed in Karl 
Keating 's article is at stage 2. 
the instrumental relativist: 
" Right action consists of that 
which instrumentally 
satisfies one's own needs and 
occaSionally the needs of 
others. Human relations are 
viewed in terms like those of 
the marketplace." Stage 2 
morality is at the pre· 
conventional level. Kohlberg 
feel s that college students at 
this level are in a state of 

onfusion and cannot 
di stinguish between an 
autonomous morality of 
justice and e~oistic self· 
interest. 

The que tion fOI' Mr. 
Kea ting is: "Wh re does your 
·elf· interest lie ?" The 
eanderthal notions of me-

fir lism underlying the 

article, implies for instance. 
that children can never be of 
interest to any but their 
parents. Clearly Mr. Keating 
is not a parent. Furthermore 
it is clear that only 
MOTHERS are responsible 
for their chi ldren . But 
Women 's Liberation Front -
and many others - believe 
that not only mothers but 
fathers , and not onl y fathers 
but the community at large, 
are responsible for children. 
Hasn 't Mr. Keating heard 
that children are the future of 
the race? The powers that be 
have the good sense to ignore 
arguments that only parents 
should support public schools 
- they know how important 
children are to the future of 
society. Government and 
industry are beginning to 
acknowledge their 
re ponsibility for the care of 
the young children of people 
under their a gis. Must the 
univer s it y , here as 
everYWhere, remain out of 
the running? A is a body of 
ele ted relI'esentatives who 
decid where th interests of 
th student body a ' a whole 
lie , not the interests of each 
tudent. And if enough 
tudents needed gas to get to 

.. 

Too Many People 
To Find Anyone 

Carl Neiburger 

I visited the campus the weekend before classes began, and it 
has changed. In previous years, the purpose of my visit would 
have been to find where all myoid friends were staying and 
meet new ones. Now, I was visiting the zoo to see the animals. 

Ahnost all the people I lmowat UCSD have moved to the sub-
urbs- Dei Mar, P.B., even some wierdos who don 't mind 
commuting in from Cardiff or Clairemont. The new ones have 
come in such hordes that I have little hope of meeting one and 
seeing him again while I still remember who he is. When I first 
came to this school, there were only 2000 people ; now there are 
three times that nwnber. 

A Crowded Box 
UCSD used to be a nice comfortalile box where people could 

relax in its roominess. They could stretch out and be alone, but 
at the same time, friends were never very far away. You simply 
lmew everyone in the whole place and lmew how to find anyone 
anytime you wanted. The box has gotten crowded, and everyone 
seems to be squeezed tightly into his own little corner. I am 
speaking, of course of metaphysical corners, mind you; the 
campus still has plenty of acreage, but specialization has set in . 

Perhaps I am just suffering from the ills of being a senior, 
being settled in a sociology major and decided on my goals in 
life, but I never see any of my fellow sociology majors either, 
except in class. And for all my concern with sociology, I haven 't 
yet settled down this year and discussed the subject seriously 
with anyone. I've hardly managed to discuss anything seriously 
with anyone at all. 

Those who have not been here longer than a year may not 
understand the changes that have taken place. These changes 
have not been sudden but have taken three years to materialize, 
to the extent that we can reflect back on what has happened. 
Perhaps, three years from now, an even greater change will 
take place on the campus. 

Changes Bring More Changes 
In any case, we must understand that the changes in the 

campus result in radical changes in people's behavior. The 
change in political activities that has taken place illustrates 
this. Only two years ago, political activists realized that their 
small nwnber compelled them to rely on creative methods to get 
their point across. Their effectiveness was seen when a group of 
UCSD and State College students, disguised as "hippies for 
Wallace," succeeded in unnerving the third party Presidential 
candidate where other demonstrators had only provided him 
with fodder for anti-intellectual remarks. 

Last spring, after the Cambodian invasion, a thousand 
students attended mass meetings to decide on mass action. Two-
hundred partiCipated in sit-ins to stop defense-funded research. 
While "business as usual" was completely disrupted, the only 
positive result of all this energy came from about 100 students 
and faculty members who participated in the "People to Peo-
ple" program, meeting with interested members of the San 
Diego community. 

And this year, who knows? I only hope that somehow, every-
one is able to find a comfortable little world within the jungle 
that this campus is in the process of becoming. 

school. no doubt AS or the 
university would have to 
supply it. 

It is clear that Mr. Keating 
defines the morality of the 
school totally in terms of HIS 
OWN PERSONA L 
INTEREST: He has enough 
gas, so no one need ask for 
any. He is white. middle-class 
and Christian, so minorities 
be deamed . He is a male 
(what woman would dare 
compare a child to a car?) 
therefore he can never be a 
mother . mothers be damned. 
He see parents as a tiny 
fraction of the student body. a 
"fixed group." It only take 
nine months, Mr. Keating , to 
add two students to this fixed 
group. Yes, men are parents 
too. although YOU would 
neve r acknowledge the 
possibility that a male might 
have to mis out on an 
education because he 
impregnated someone. In any 
case, participation by non· 
parents in dayca re is not only 
urged, it is vital in bringing 
home the realit of children 
to everyone. 

hild care for mothers 
returning to the clas room is 
a mall price, a minor 
reparation. to pay women 
who e intellectual 
deve lopm e nt in an 
institutional ellmg wa ' 
trunca ted simply be au e 
they conformed to th notions 

of ORMAL. SOCIALLY 
APPROVED leminin e 
behavior inexorably pressed 
upon them by their cu lture. 
uch women want their 

children ca red for under well· 
controlled conditions - not 
haphazardly by someone who 
herself may ju t need the 
money and would rather be 
doing something else. 

Women's liberation front (UCSO ) 

"A B" TT?" lAS • 
Editor' s Note: 

The Triton Times does no' 
accept responsibility 'or M,. 
Olney's reading deliciencies. 
The arlicle referred to was 
cleo,Iy advertised as " Part 0' 'he 
olfempt . .. " Nevertheless 'he 
leiter is printed in 
acknowledgement 01 our 
'ailure, as yet, to lind a 
conservative 'acul,y poli,icol 
analyst. Hopelully, al'er reading 
this Ie Ifer he will come 10 us. 

Your first faculty opinion 
column (Oct.2 totally amaze 
me for it intel ctual and polit-
ical bia . 

I 

, / -; ",,- 'ii?-

II!/v/ 
,,, J, 

t, : 

/ 

I 

\' NO tf>.,.\JS(. JvS'nrl~S \jlDLtt:tJC~ " I/ 
-P"~\u(tJr ~I)(ON, Clllc.170 

triton tiIlles 
Editor-in-Chief ... Haywood Gammon 

City Editor . .. ........ . ..... Ri ch Hei mli ch 
Managing Editor . . . ....•. •... , . ,\1 ike Kla ve r 
Copy Editor ... ... ......... . Chu ck G ra h~m 
Business Manager . . . .... . .... . ... I e£( Fried 
Editorial Director ...... .... . Raoul Contreras 
Associate City Editors .. Owen Joyner, John laxwell 
Arts Editor . . ..... .. .. • ...... Terry Barak 

port Editor .. . . ... ....... . . Rockv Halfon 
Photography Editor . ... . ..... .. . John Zaller 
Contributing Editor. . . . . . . . . . .. teve Landau 
The TRITON TIMES i. officially recognized and . upported a . Q .Iudenl 
newspaper by the Communications Boord of the Universily of Californ ia , 
Son Diego. Build ing 250. Matthews Campus , lo Jolla. California 92037. 
Publication is twice weekly on Tuesdays and Fridays. Offices ore located 
in room 117, Bloke Hall, on the Revell. Campus. For Advert ising phone 
453·2000, Xl017, fa •• dilarial or news phone Xl016. 

This argument should not be 
taken as an attack on either Dr. 
Parrish's or Dr. Halpern 's 
views ; they both had a perfect 
right to present their ideas on 
why present politics are not 
working. Instead it leads one to 
ask why there was not even one 
other article presented giving a 
moderate or conservative-
establishment viewpoint. 

At the top of the opinion 
column, the TRITON TIMES 
stated the column's purpose as 
being an "attempt to obtain 
complete representation of 
university-wide opinion." If 
this is true , try to have the 
paper present more than just 
the ideas of liberal and New 
Left faculty members. 

Norman Olney 

A Letter 

"Dump the Governor" 

Editor : 
I would like to issue an 

invitation .to ail your reader to 
Jom . us 10 dOIng som thlDg 
about challiing the power 
tructure in California. We've 

got to get rid of the present 

administration -governor. 
senator. etc .. 10 the only way 
they understand··votes. Let's 
see this student power about 
which we hear so much. Let's 
see it used constructively-
going to work to replace the 
incumbent governor and 
senator. 

Ronald Reagan thinks you 
don't matter politically ; that's 
why he has spread a hate 

campaign directed at you-
stUdents and faculty. Let's fool 
him and hi s millionaire 
backers and his well·oiled. 
well · f inanced , smoo thle 
campaign and trounce him 
where it really hurts-·at the 
poll . 

Come and join us as we work 
to elect Jess Unruh who knows 
the problems of California, who 
is one of the able t legi lators 
we have ever had , and who has 
com,Jassion for all minority 
grou.J -- including the students 
and facul ty of our colleges and 
unive r ities. 

We need you . Come to the 
D III1Id db\. Ht:dJ411.U It:l ill 
your area and help change 
thing within the system- at the 
polls. 

Vivirn oul n 
Another Concerned 

Republican for Unruh 

Triton Times October 9 , 1970 Page 7 



·A Performance . 
at Best 

Pete r Gordon 
Arts Writer 

Certain characteristics differentiate ~ performance f:om an 
expression of art. Performers and artlsts. both play with our 
emotions, yet they reach us on different levels ?f 
con ciou ness. When we come away from an artlshc 
experience we are somehow changed. we go home a slight bit 
psvchically altered. Alter a performance. however, we are 
unchanged. , e are merely satisf~ed with having some s~ight 
diver ion from our workaday lives. A performance IS a 
superficial diver ion lacking any sincere intellectual, spiritual. 
or sensual depth. 

The producers of "Performance" cho e the title well. The 
film is about a washed-out rock 'n' roll performer named 
Turner (Mick Jagger) and, a washed-out " performer" 
(strongarm ) in London's underworld named Cha (James 
Fox ). 

In the first scenes of " Performance" we are led to expect a 
film of great intellectual content, an art film . The abrupt 
stream·of-consciousness cutting, bizarre camera angles and 
extensive avante-garde lab work are by now some of the 
trademarks of an art film . As " Performance" progresses, 
however. we notice that these techniques are mer~ly used as 
meaningless cliches. Unfortunately. they are Just token 
tributes to what the film " Performance" could have. and 
hould have been. . . 
The sexual relationships of Turner are equally superficial. 

Bisexuality and tran vestism are abund.ant throughout the 
film . yet they are treated in the same plastic manner found In a 
Pus ycat Theater "boobs 'n' ass" film. T~e causes or res~lts of 
such relationships, as they are found 10 "The Boys 10 t~e 
Band." Andy Warhol'S " Flesh" or even some of Pat Ro('~o s 
better gay films , are nonexistant. We are told that Turner IS a 
man-woman man, period. Big deal, For those of you so 
inclined. you don 't even get to see very much skin. . 

The nadir of the film is reached in the psychedellc scene 
where Turner finally gets ehas to eat some magic mushrooms. 
Chas' trip is about as psychedelic as last years posters, sta le 
incense and The Ventures playing acid rock. Far oul. Tutner IS 
seen playing a Moog synthesizer and stro~e lights flash ' in 
different colors while the camera lens distorts the room, 
naturally in Near Eastern fitti ngs. Farfuckingout. 

Actually, I kind uf enjoyed "Performance." It was similar to 
reading a medio ~re magazine article on a lazy Sund~y 
afternoon. The mu sic in the film is quite good and the scene 10 
which Mick JaggEr sings to a group of gangster is beautiful. 
As long as you go ~xpec ti~g a pe.rforma~ce. :ather than a g,~od 
film , you will not ~e. too dlsaPPolOted wlt.h Performance. It 
depends entirely ( n how you value yOur Orne and your mon y . 
(NOTE: If " PerfJrmJnC2" !" rlflying on a double bill With 
" Medium Cool " it is well worth seeing if only to set:! ' r1:cdlUm 
Cool "). 

CONTRl)VERSIAL 
BOOK STORE 

129&015601 

1121 hInnlly 

Page a Triton Times 

A 
FINAL WEEKSl 

AQUARIUS THEATER 
6230 Sun .. t alvd. 

461·3571 
""'1M' 11( 1111 U ~.., u lo h. lf hour belo,. '0,111.10' 

.,,' pertolm. o,lS, (subltett .... II .~ IItI I) 
I.D. R olltd 

October 9, 1970 

give 8 h i l b eH t o th e audience wat c hing Th e lIfoth ers al an Di ego S tale la u 

UCSD Friday 
Nite Films 

There are worthwhile £ilms on campus this weekend at the 
UCSD Friday ite FJi:ks: The first . Royal Shak~speare 
Company's version of "Midsummers Nlghtqream which was 
seen on televi ion last year. Among others, It fea tures Dia na 
Rigg. It was fantastic on a small scr.een in blac.k and white .so 
imagine how it is on a large screen m color. It s playmg With 
"The Red Balloon," a beautiful French children'S short about a 
young boy who makes friends with a balloon i n Paris. The 
music of the film is quite notable. well worth seemg ... 

Also this weekend the Unicorn Theater in La Jolla is showing 
the Russian version of " War and Peace." Many good things 
have been said about this film and it received an Oscar. for 
what that's worth. Watch out for the end of part one. The new 
schedule of the Unicorn comes out next week , until then call 
theater at 454-7373 for info ... 

mens hairstyling 
long hair our specialty 

I"oi lt ••• tl 
lui II~ I . 

155- 3000 

~.I .If ,IIU 
310 f itt .. "t!! I trllt 

1II11.1f 

3rdRECORDWeek! 

FINE ARTS \ ACADEMY 
1818 GARNET STREET 274·4000 3nl UNIVERSITY AilE 284·1000 

4th "Mind·boggling! "Month_.Why? 
San FranCISco ChrOnicle 

BECAUSE: 
"It may boggle the mind, but only after it bo&&les, 

shakes up and threatens a lot of other thinRs in-
cludinR the Puritan conscience and our traditional 
sexual taboos." -Vincent Canby. N. Y Times 

CONTINUOUS FROM NOON 
GUILD THBATM'3827 8th Avenue·28tS·2QOO 

Art Writers 
CONTACT 

TERRY 
BARAK 

TRITON TIMES 
OHice 

BLAKE HALLL 

Catholic Student Center 
Masses each Sunday at 

University Lutheran Ch,!rch 
La Jolla Shores Drive & Torrey Pines Rd . North 

8:30 a .m. - 5:00 p.m. 
Catholic Chaplins: Father Ed Donovan 

Father Bi ll McAmliffe 
Home 

Phones: 453-3850 Religious Affairs Office 
453-2000 X 1943 

ARTS 
STREET 274·4000 

S~8M1T 
U"ndeI"'IVear 

and 

I Am Curious 
(F.O.) 

Chicken Soup 
OhDem 
Bananas 

Lord 
otthe 
Pigs 

Integration 
THEN 

ew Art Exhibition on Campus 
The UCSD Art Gallery will open its 1970-71 

with an exhibition of '61 American 
from the Bocour Artist Colors 
~IJleCUUII . The exhibi tion wil l run from Oct. 12 
",rnll" h Nov. 1. Gallery hours are Tuesday 
" ,·t\"" h Sunday 11-4 and Wednesday evenings 

by Leonard Bocour, the ex hibition is 
under the auspices of the American 

. no<l nr·' "lln of Arts. Bocour, artist, teacher and 
technician, has been a collector of art for 
30 years. The collection was born 

accidenta ll y during the Depression when artists 
exchanged their paintings for tubes of Bocour 
paint. The collection , formed by what Bocour 
calls "The Bocur Breadline" - artists coming 
in to ask for paint, is entirely the resul t of gifts 
and exchan ging pain t for pi ct ures . 
Consequently, the collection now numbers more 
than 400 paintings which include most of the top 
names in the American art world such as Helen 
Frankenthaler, Philip Guston , Jack Levine , 
Jules Olitski and Moses and Raphael Soyer. 

.Jjflo(Jld, Sweat and Tear. will be performing Sunday, OClober 11 at 8:30 p.m. at the 
Diego Sporu Arena. Their mo.t noted hilll 'included "Spinning Wheel, " "A nd 

When I Die," and " You 've Made Me So Very Happ y. " Appearing wi th BS&T will be 
n Denver, form er oj the Chad Mitchell Trio. 

Stop Inll.,io" A"d He', rour Bro,IIers 

All Types V.W. 
Service. 

Rebuil t Engines 
$225 lip 

Rebuilt Transoxles. 
$125 lip 

EWlry'.r. 
Fir llUr 

_" 
NEWo. 

USED 

---------Ie 
'1 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

STRAW HAT 

PIZZA PALACE 

On Open Letter 
to the U'CSD Community 
Friends: 

On Sunday, October 18th, the ASUCSD Program Board in 
conjunction with Sunrise Productions, is having a concert. The 
show will be held outdoors in UCSD's new intercollegiate 
baseball facility , and appearing will be Leon Russell ; Hot 
Tuna , which includes Jorma Koukonen and Jack Cassady from 
the Jefferson Airplane; Pink Floyd ; and Dry Creek Road . 
Prices are low .. . $2.50 for UCSD students with 10, and $3 .50 
for. others. Tickets will be sold at the Information Center at 
Building 250 on the Matthews Campus. 

The reason that I've written this letter is to try to relate to 
you an idea of just what is going on behind the scenes. Sunrise 
came into being when it was realized that the concert program 
in San Diego was being used for monetary gain rather than 
cultural enlightenment, and that the concert program did not 
suit the wants or the needs of the local college community 
Sunrise is composed of People whose primary goal IS to 
present good music for the San Diego area colleg1mStudent. 
They are hoping to break even on this first show. If, In fact , 
they make a little money, it will be used to prOVide more and 
better shows jn the future. SU RISE IS A 0 -PROF]T 
ORGANIZATIO . 

None of this can be realized, however , without your help. 
What can you do? Well, you can buy a ltcket . . you can help 
everyone if do your best to try to prevent any hassels from 
occurring on the 18th . .. but you can help most simply by 
remembering that this concert is being done by the People for 
the People and , if you blow this one, all you'll be able to look 
forward to is a $5. balcony seat at the ports Arena. 0 .... . 
why don't we sing this song together, open our minds, and let 
the pictures come . .. " 

Peace, Dan Spellens 
ASUCSD Program Board Chairman 

------------

• VOID AFTER NOV. 1, 1970 STRAW HAT 
PIZZA PALACE 

Fo,I,,'1 
Dey ,..,Ie I 

I LGE. PIZZA OF YOUR '-1'&''&''''''''&''-1.&.;.1 

Bird Rock Putt Putt Shop 
South 631 ~ La Jol1a Blvd. 

454·0761 

.~ ~ .. " .00 (t", • • , Wid . ' hut '. Jufll. ' .,. •. ) 
11 00 l n so If' I., Sol, t "'I. ' 
11 00 .. $I ,SO ISvn. Moll.) 
" JO Siv rh,,, coli. I 11'11 I' td ~,I . , IC ~. I .... . 

phon. 239-2255 g~:~ 
or Central Box Offtce, 
wbby, Urey Hall, UCSD 

olb globe tbeatre 
lIolboo pork lII .tog-

I 
I 

Ie 
ADQAESS 

Phone a nd 
yo ur order will 

CITY STATE l iP 
GOOD AT ALL PARTICIPATING STORES 

56 11 Balboa Avenue 
Balboo & Genesee 

be ready in 10 minutes. 
277·7992 

10 minutes from the college 

Sun. - Thur. 11 0.m.-12 p.m. 

Look for 
our long li st 

of sandwiches. 

~ STRAW HAT 
~ PIZZA 
"W" PALAC E 

Fri. - Sot. 11 a .m.-2 a.m. 
plus 

Old Time Flick s 

< STRAW HAT PIZZA PALACE 1970 

LOCATIONS THROUGHOUT CALIFORNIA 

Triton Times 

Fall· Art 
Classes 
Beg in 

Fall art classes f(J' adults are 
still available at the Fine Arts 
Gallery of San Diego, Balboa 
Park. 

A ten -wee k serie s of 
watercolor painting classes 
begins October 5th J im 
Kacirk. popular San Diego 
arti t, will conduct the classes. 
A charcoa l drawlOg class. Wi th 
Stefa nia Howard as instructor. 
begins With a speCial 
(J'ganizationa! meeting October 
12. This is an eight-week 
course. 

Enrollment for these clas es 
is limited. Further information 
and brochures oay be 
obtained by contacllng the 
Gallery. or dy calling Sheryl 
Evans at 232-7931 

How's your vocabulary? The 
right word at the right time can 
get you a job, make a sale, 
make a friend. Reading is one of 
the best ways to improve your 
use of words, and the best place 
to find reading material is your 
La Jolla Public Library. 

The Slacks: 
liD CHARGER' 
FLARES 
No-iron solids, stripes 
and plaids, 
$1 0 to $11 . 

"'-1 ', heet-to-Ioe . Isnt. 

riD 
The Action 
Man Slack 

t 'hrl lie's 

~~~ 
r ilS iI/ii liJ {u)Lol 

(lothes for Men 
459 -5323 

7914 Girard 
La Jolla 

October 9, 1970 Page 9 



Stud nts To Face Civil Courts 
After Spring Quarter Demo'nstrations 

The demolll;trations of last spring have resulted in much 
action by the university as well as the civil co~, Case trials 
have not been completely closed, and more hearings are 
scheduled for January 1971. 

Class boycotting, rallies, and building takeovers allIed to the 
climax event of picketing former Chancellor McGill's office. On 
the morning of May '1:1, 1970, 35 to 40 picketers waited for the 
Chancellor's arrival and attempted to stop him from entering 
his office. George Murphy, dean of student affairs, tried to get 
the demonstrators to disperse by means of bullhorn warnings 
and written notices. When this action failed, Murphy, acting on 
provisions of section 626.4 of the new Penal Code, ordered the 
demonstrators from the campus. The terms of this section of the 
code states that it is a misdemeanor for the picketers to remain 
on campus, and they are not permitted to return. 

At approximately 10 a.m. the demonstration ended. Of all 
those involved in the demonstration, 21 were cited by the 
university. These persons were charged with violating section 
626.4 of the Penal Code, and with contempt of court. Out of the 21 
persons cited, one was a faculty member (Professor Lettau of 
the Literature Department), two were non-students,and the rest 
were students. Two students were acquitted; the other 19 were 
called to court for hearings and received various sentences 
ranging from one years probation to the maximum of five days 
imprisonment and a $500 fine. Some still face contempt charges 
this coming January. ' 

Protest War Research 
The stated intentions of the demonstrators were against 

racism and war-related research on this campus. Demon-
strators anticipated that Angela Davis was not to be rehired and 
they felt this action by the Regents was a direct result of racism. 
Cathy Rose, one of the students who faced trial, felt that Angela 
Davis was targeted because she was a Negro. 

"Other University of California professors were suspected of 
being conununists but it was easier to fire Davis. She is Black 
and the public won't question this too much. It's better to fire her 
than to terminate 30 other professors." In essence, the demon-
strators were objecting to the racist policies. of the Regents. 

McGill became the Larget for this social protest since he was 
known to have advised the Regents to delay action on Miss 
Davis until after the quarter ended. His office also symbolized 
administrative authority. 

According to Dean Murphy, the action against the 19 students 
was taken to court because the campus disciplinary committee 
of last spring troke down. Murphy says the university made the 
decision to let the courts handle the <1isclpllnary matters, so he 
is not eager to take campus action against them. "Those on trial 
will have to defend themselves and the university will not in-
terfere from letting these students do so." 

In regards to those 19 who were on trial 12 are still at UCSD. 
Prqfessor Lettau remains in the Literature Department, but the 
Regents have fonned a special committee to view his actions 
during the demonstrations. As of now, the committee will report 
their findings toward the end of this month, as soon as Lettau 
returns from his business matters in Gennany. According to 
Murphy, the conunittee does not wish to report until they are 
able to speak to Lettau personally. 

Students Not Restricted 
Seven of the students involved are not currently registered, 

We to personal reasons. The other 11 currently registered 
students, says Murphy," ... are not restricted by the university. 
It is up to the courts." . 

Contrary to this, Cathy Rose feels their involvement has 
restricted them from getting any financial aid whatsoever. 
"McGill wrote a letter to a judge asking if it was legal for per-
sons charged with contempt of court to obtain financial aid. 
Dean Murphy sent copies of this letter to the Financial Aids 
Department and instructed them to withold any funds to the 
indicated students until the legal matters had been cleared up ," 
she said. 

Reviewing these social-protest actions has brought people to 
question what actually was on trial during the court hearings. 
The university was charging for contempt of court, disturbing 
the peace, battery, and interfering with the duties of a police 
officer. The demonstrators were defending their rights to 
protest on social and poliUcal issues. 

Political action such a this ometimes leads to arrest. 
Peace marche uch as thi last yea'" in San Diego 
heightened feeling on campu during the Cambodian 

invasion. In January UC D tuden ts will 
for thei r politica l actions. 

Chicanos Becoming Less 
Segregated in U.S. 

LOS ANGELES - Mexican Americans living in the United 
States show growing participation in our society, according to a 
four-year study at UCLA. Their potential for assimilation has 
increased despite a history of rejection by the general 
population. 

The study has just been published under the title The Mexican 
American People: The Nation's Second Largest Minority by the 
Free Press, New York. 

The authors are Dr . Leo Grebler, professor emeritus of urban 
land economic s, UCLA; Dr. Joan W. Moore, associate professor 
of sociology, ~C-Riverside; and Ralph C. Guzman, associate 
professor of (olitics and community studies, UC-santa Cruz. 

Changing ute Styles 
Most Mexican Americans are native born citizens, the study 

shows. Once L.ll'gely rural, they are nuw as highly urhRnized as 
the rest of the population. Their move to the cities has brought 
them into inc 'eased contact with the majority, the "Anglos." 

Long labele j the "sleeping giant," this minority is emerging 
as a significa It force in Southwest politics. The political tech-
niques of Melkan Americans now range from the traditional 
"quiet fighting" to outright militancy, especially among the 
young. Leaders are increasingly using the modern tactic! of 
social protest, sometimes in precarious coalition with Negroes. 

Poorer than Blacks 
Social change is not pervasive. For example, the loyalty of 

Mexican Americans to their mother tongue is without parallel 
among ethnic groups, except perhaps Pu rLo Ricans. Family 
size is stlll IUlmatched by any other major population segment in 
the United States. 

The study highlights the depressed economJc condition of 

Page lOT riton Times OctDber 9 I 1970 

most Mexican Americ8l\ll. Average schooling and income are 
extremely low. Reflecting the large number of children, income 
per person in the family is even lower than for Negroes. Housing 
is also worse than that of black people. 

There has been some progress, however. The schooling gap 
between Mexican Americans and Anglos has been reduced over 
the years. So has the income gap. The young Chicanos stay in 
school longer than did their elders. The native born earn better 
wages than the Irrunigrants. Social discrimination is less cate-
gorical than in the case of Negroes. In housing, for example, 
Mexican Americans are far less segregated from Anglos than 
are blacks from whites. 

Faster economic improvement, the study finds, will require a 
massive shift from manual to other jobs. Better education is the 
indispensable key. 

Help Needed 
The study reveals enormous local differences in the position of 

this minority throughout the Southwest. Generally, California's 
cities have offered the best economic and social milieu for Mexi-
can Americans and the Rio Grande Valley in Texas the worst. 

To hasten the movement of Chicanos into the mainstream of 
American life, the study urges that our social institutions 
change their practices with regard to this minority far more 
rapidly and effectively than in the past. 

In many public high schools, for example, Mexican Ameri-
cans have been automatically assigned to the vocational rather 
than the college preparatory " track." Or children are placed in 
classes for the mentally retarded only because their English is 
inadequate. Their Spanish language potential has too long been 
viewed as a liability rather than an asset. 

R,.ouu,ju/n, .. 
tduCII/ion . t..romil¥ 
iI,u". plti/,u"p"y 
rlaild, .... ·, boo'" 
jir/'''''' po",'!' ju,!, 

MAR EAR'H.SONG 

.S. &: jo,,'." 
".""boc"~ ma,a,rn,.. 

BOOK 

po.'"r. 
rf'ford. 

cord. 

1440 Camino del Mar • Del Mar • 

university city pharmacy 
fr •• dllivlry to CI .. pUI 
1,lcill ,rllcri,tion pricil flf Itldlntl I f.nlty 
clol. '1 CI.,1I1 

453-4455 
IIniv.rsity city Iho"inl center 3331 ,IVlrler drivl 

PRINCESS FATOONA How could the daughter of such a dapper, suave and sophisticated King 
turn out to be uch a turkey? Well, some-
tim s the ingredients can be right, infinite 
care can be taken in production ... but 
omething go s wrong! This is what hap-

pened with PRTN ESS FATOONA. For-
tunately, it's the nly mistake the King has 
made, becaus nothing ever goes wrong 
with ... you -know-what. Anyway, look lor 
th Royal Family on th can. 1I1I •• aIi. 

Revamped Watermen 
Await New Season 

Pam Flynn 
UCSD Water POlo begins its 1970 campaign Priday, with a 

team composed of several experienced veterans, and an 
encouraging turnout of freshmen . The 'game on October 10, 
matches UCSD.against UC Riverside. a learn which defeated 
the Tritons early in 1969. They were surprised 4·2 by a much 
improved squad later in the season at the UC tournament. 

this yea r's returning lettermen are led by co-captains Jim 
·Stover of Corona Del Mar better known in hi s initial year at 
UCSp as " wonder boy" and Gary Becker. one of last years 
leading scorers. Goalie standout Dennis Revie is back aga in for 
more punishment, and loving it. If Dennis looks even sharper in 
the goal this year , it's partially due to the fact that he's being 
pushed hard by freshman Rick Parmer. Other veterans 
include : Larry Findahl , master of the foul, Carl Strand who at 
6'3" and 190 Ibs., is no rubber duck to push around in the pool. 
Bob Siefert who looks down at Carl by about 3 inches, Dave 
Stillenger who outquicks big men and outkicks little ones. 

The Frosh crop this year is almost a perfect complement to 
the veterans ball handling ability. Speed and size were brought 
to UCSD's Polo team this year , things have been sorely missed 
in past seasons. Joining the returning lettermen are 
Fre hmen : John Hoff, Bellarmine C.P.,; Barry Smith, Vista 
High ; Alan Meier, Berkeley High ; Jim Mertesdorf. Patrick 
Henry High ; John O'Connell and Dean Shade. Oxnard High ; 
Rick Parmer, Riverside Poly High ; Mark Reimer, Henry M. 
Gunn High; and Mike Marsh of questionable origin . 

Much of the credit for the encouraging look of the team this 
early in the season must go to one of the newe~t faces, Coach 
Fred Becker. Coach Becker seems pleased with the progress 
thus far , and considering the good seeding in this weekend 's 
SCIA tournament at Claremont, is expecting great things from 
his squad . The remaining full season after this weekend 
includes twelve other games plus tournaments. For times and 
dates of home game in October consult your local listings. or 
ask Pam or Kathy. Without them the team would no doubt 
collapse .. 

UCSD looking forward to a Breot Balleetball sea .on. 

DIYE •• 
LOOKING FOR BARGAINS IN 

DIVING EQUIPMENT? 
CHECK THESE 'IICESI 
$10772 cubic ft . -J valve tonk and boot just $58 
$95 !4" nylon lined U.S. Divers wetsuit $49.95 

$60 u.s. DiYers Regulator $39.95 
lifetime guarantee _ 

$21 Arbalete U.S. Di~rs speargun $13.95 
$8.80 Nemrod underwater combat knife $6.50 

with leg sheath 
. S 1.35 snorkel only' $.79 

NEW ENGLAND DIVERS, INC. 
3860 ROSECRANS ST. SAfti DIEGO, CA. 92118 

291.CJ531 Ac:roM from White Front 

THIS AD WORTH ONE HCAL rEI CUSTOMER 

Fencer will be poking for spots in the finals this year. 

Fencers Thrusting Towards New Year 
Rocky IhUon 

. FenCing, one of the oldest traditional sports, 
IS very much alive at UCSD. The fencing 
program, under the direction of Coach Jim 
White, includes beginning and intermediate 
classes, a fencing club and an inter-collegia te 
team. On the intercollegiate level. the squad is 
already preparing for a heavy schedule which 

~alls for practice meets, league duels, and 
Inv!tatlOnal tournaments weekly. The season, 
which lasts from November 24th until April 
17th, will put San Diego fencers against teams 
such as UCI, UCR, UCLA , UCB, Stanford , 
CSLA , CSLB, and SOS. ]n addition, the Air 
Force Academy varsity squad will participate 
in the Western States Intercollegia te 
Champion hips, to be held in San Francisco and 
the All -Cal Championships. Such trips have been 
scheduled for UCSD this yea r. 

Last year, the relatively young squad had 
urprising success with a league record of 4-3. 

Captain Jame Canole, a senior, took top honor 
at the Annual UCSD Epee Invitational. Canole 
bested over 30 fencers from 13 schools. Both 
Canole and Sabre Captain Richard Sax, a junior, 
placed in the AII·Cal finals which saw UCSO 
take over-a ll fourth place at the Santa Cruz 
campu s. 

Coach \ hlte, an olympic class penta the Ie. 
placed 8th in the NCAA in 1962 and was the 3rd 
place team in the '68 national championships 
He coached two all·Americans at the niversity 
of Iowa. one who wa s the national epee 

champion. After five year of coaching at UCR, 
where his squad captured the All-Cal 
Championships and produced both the men's 
and women 's state champs. J im White came to 
UC D in the fall of 69-70. 

Individuals intere ted in learning to fence . 
advance their skills or participate on the 
intercollegiate level should contact Jim White 
at ext. 2275 . Workouts are held daily from 2-6 
pm in the fenCing room above the main floor of 
the C;ym. 

View From the Roc 
As I came into my office today I spotted an 

envelope from the higher echelons of the U.C. 
After reading it [deemed it almost vital to have 
you know about it. The varsity ba ketball team 
from UCSO is scheduled to play a series of 
games with colleges in Hawaii , during the 
Christmas quarter break. However, the UCSD 
Tritons are faced with one major problem: 
getting to Hawaii. 

In order to raise the $3,000 needed [or the 
round trip to Hawaii, the basketball squad has 
decided on a plan of action : they are going to 
walk their way to the islands. 

On Saturday, ovember 7, the members of 
the freshman and varsity teams plan to walk the 
beaches from Del Mar to Mission Beach, 
picking up trash and debris as they go. They are 
encouraging other UCSD students, basketball 
fans, girl friends , those interested in ecology 
and anyone else to join them in the 20-mile hike. 

advertise in the, - ,_ 
rlton Imes 

Classified 

Team members hope to raise the needed 
travel money through the upport of sponsors 
who pledge a certain amount of money for each 
mile walked. Each team member may secure 
as many sponsors as he wishes with a".l0~nts 
varying according to the donor. Imllar 
" walks" for charity have been very successful 
in the San Diego a rea in the pa st. 

The UCSD varsity ba ketba II team is 
scheduled to play Church College of Hawaii , the 
University of Hawaii·Hilo Branch, and 
Chaminade College during the Christmas school 
holidays. The three colleges have agreed to 
cover the room and board expenses of the 
Tritons once they are in Hawaii , but the co t of 
transportation is up to the UCSD players 
themselves. According to Barry Cunningham. 
varsity ba ketball coach at UCSO, there will be 
at leat 30 freshman and varsity team memb rs 
walking on November 7 in addition to all those 
who join in to aid in raiSing th travel money. 

Anyone wishing to help ponsor the trip by 
hacking the walk is urged to call the Physical 
Education Department at UCSD for details The 
telephone number is 453-2000, extension 2275. 

-

COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

things & things PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Int iquated end otherwise Ttl . thru Fri . 
9:30 • 7:30 

1237 prospect street I. jolll Sal. 9:30· 5:30 
454-7000 Closed Sun. &. Mon, 

233·8328 

Night Dive 
Starts 
Off Year 

UCS D's famed EA-
DEUCER . formally known as 
the S UBA Club. bugged off to 
a tremendous start for the 1970 
school year. The first meeting 
was attended by some 80 dues-
paying members. with assorted 
harems and hangers-on also in 
attendance President Fred 
Fischer. out of the great diving 
area of Denver. led the group 
into electing sticky-fingered 
Mark Paul en as the trea urer. 
Christine Allison. well-known 
for her cryptic writings. was 
seduced into the enviable pot 
of secretary, and double-first 
Barry. Barry. vice·president. 
sauntered in late as asual 

After discus Ing various 
items of interest to divers. 
including underwaterrmnopoly. 
.scubash , air. dive schedules. 
money. food . comm unity 
service, and liranha hunts. 
there wa a hort orientation 
given on the elUSive lob ter and 
its habit. at night 

The meell ng adj our ned 
shortly before midnight so that 
some 20 di\'ers could greet the 
opening of lobster season at 
12:01 a.m. The re ult of all this 
concentra ted effort Into the 
decima tion of the lobster 
resources of La Jolla turned 
out to be a bout 1 3 lobster per 
diver. 

Anyone interested in 
becoming a member of the 

EA-DEU ER IS a ked to 
contact Bert. Ext 2282 or Fred, 
Ext. 1353 lor further 
inform"tlOn 

Copy 
Readers 

needed! 

Contact 

Chvck 

Graham 

in the 

triton 

office, 

Blake Hall. 

PAC~r~C 
1\ VAMA~A 

complete sales 
Ie I ' 

It service 
=-= 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 
tUI Ilflll' .. I 
lLlcific " .. ell 214-6141 

Triton Times October 9, 1970 Page 11 



FRIDAY - October 9 

MOVIE - Friday Nite 
Flicks-" A Midsummer 
Night's Dream" and "The 
Red Balloon." 

, LECTURES -12 high 
noon-Joint Marine Biology 
Departmental Seminar, Swn-
ner Auditoriuin, SIO. Dr. 
Harvo Kanatani, "On the 
Substances Controlling 
Certain Reproductive Phe-
nomena in Starfishes." 
3 p.m.IWbert James Tait 
defends his doctoral thesis in 
2145 Ritter Hall, SIO. Thesis 
title : "Edge Wave Modes and 
Rip Current Spacing." 

ART RENTAL - All day-Re. 
velle College Print Rentai in 
the area of the Provost's 
office. 

TV - "Under 30," the prize-
winning KEBS-TV series that 
explores the ideas and ideals 
of today's youth, returns to 
Channel 15 at 8:30 p.m. To-
night's program explores the 
subject of students in politics. 
Guests will be Ann IWman 
and Jim Galloway of UCSD. 

CLUB MEETING - Christian 
Science Organization's first 
meeting at 5:30 p.m. a t 
Scripps Beach. For more info 
call Heidi, 459-8165. 
International Club meets at 
7:30 p.m. in the Informal 
Lounge in the southwest 
corner of Revelle Commons. 

SATURDAY - October 10 

SPORTS - 11 a.m.-Varsity 
Cross Country, at the UCSD 
Cross Country Course east of 
the Central Library. UCSD, 
Cal Lutheran, La Verne, and 
San Diego Track and Field 
Club, B team. 
1 p.m.-Varsity Soccer, UC-
SD Soccer field (old football 
field ), UCSD vs. UCSD Grad-
uate team. 

MEETINGS - Those wishing 
to make a statement to the 
Academic Senate Committee 
on Research Funded by the 
Military should appear at 
Conference Room A, Building 
111 Me, at 11 a.m. 
Anti-war conference- at 
Montezuma Hall, SDSC, 11 

a.m. Planning conference for 
Student Mobilization Com-
mittee's October 31 demon-
stration. 

SUNDAY - October 11 

CONCERT - Blood, Sweat, 
and Tears at 8:30 p.m. in the 
Sports Arena. 

MONDAY - October 12 

MEETING - People-to-People 
at 7 p.m. in 2A-2113. Come 
help us this year in communi-
cating with the San Diego 
community. 
Skeptics Anonymous at Uni-
versity Lutheran Church will 
hold its first in a series of dis-
cussions at 8 p.m. The movie 
"Martin Luther" will also be 
shown. The event is free and 
open to the public. For more 
info call Rev. John Huber, 

4~561. 

SPORTS - Intramural G-man 
volleyba II sign-up until 
Wednesday in the Intramural 
office, south side of the gym. 
JV Basketball-All interested 
in playing should meet at 3 
p.m. in the gym classroom. 

TUESDAY - October 13 

ART EXHIBIT - UCSD's first 
exhibit of the y~ar opens in 
the Art Gallery on Matthews 
Campus. THE BOCOUR AR-
TIST COLORS COLLECTION 
(an exhibition of 20th Century 
American paintings will be 
shown until November 1. 
Gallery hours-Tuesday thru 
Sunday 11-4 and Wednesday 
evenings from 8-10. 

MEETINGS - Young Republi-
cans organizational meeting 
at 7:30 p.m. at USB 4OSOA. 
Soaring Club organizational 
meeting at 7:30 p.m. in 2A-
2113. The club owns several 
planes and fees are minimal, 
instructional also provided. 

LECTURE - AL CAPP, the 
cartoonist, creator of L'iI Ab-
ner, talks in the gym at 8 p.m. 

WEDNESDAY - October 14 

WRITING CLINIC - to give 
tutorial writing help to stu-
dents requesting it. The Clinic 
will be located in Building 2A, 

HONDA CARS 
I 

Pa ific Honda-1269 Ga rn 

Room 1872; phone ext. 1944. 
Students can make an ap-
pointment in the Clinic by 
phoning or preferably by 
coming over to sign up for a 
conference time. The Clinic is 
staffed with doctoral stu-
dents, all of them experienced 
teachers of composition inter-
ested in the problems stu-
dents have in writing papers. 
The Clinic will try to handle a 
variety of writing problems, 
whether it means one or 
several meetings with the 
student. 

POETRY READING - Cid 
Corman will be reading from 
his own poetry from 7:30 to 10 
p.m. in the Student Lounge in 
the Revelle Commons. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

The American History and 
Institutions Exam will be 
given on October 31, at 1 p.m. 
in the HL Aud. Students · 
wishing to take the exam 
must sign up by October 28 in 
the Admissions and Regis-
trar 's office or in one of the 
Provosts' offices. 

Do you or someone you know 
need draft counseling? If so 
we will help you with all 
aspects of the draft. For free 
draft help call: The American 

Friends Service Committee 
276-8866 (9-5 Monday-Fri-
day) ; Pacific ' Counseling 
(Military) 1924 Island St., 239-
2119 (3-5 daily); Draft Coffee, 
1511-29th St. (7:30 p.m. Sun-
days) OR if you can help us 
help others by leafleting the 
community with free draft 
help information call: 

Nonviolent Action 
2422 Congress St. 

291~806 or 223-0072 

Leave messages at MIC 
Message Information Center 

23~21 

NOTE TO CAL STATE 
SCHOLARS: All State Schol-
ars who have not yet signed 
the Cal State Tuition Fee 
Claim List in the Financial 
Aids Office, 250 MC, must do 
so by October 15 or risk losing 
their scholarship award. 
State scholars are required to 
sign the claim list each aca-
demic quarter. 

Students who are scheduled to 
graduate in June will be eli-
gible to apply for the motion 
picture industry training pro-
gram for second assistant 
directors, for which applica-
tions are now being accepted. 
Applications may be made by 
mail or in person at the offices 
of the Producers' Association, 

OFF HWY. 5 AT VIA DE LA VALLE TURNOFF. DEL MAR • 755·8757 

OPEN AT 6:30 PM - SHOWTIME IS 7: 00 PM. 
Melro-GoIdwyn-Mayer Presents a Ketzka-Loeb ProductIOn PanavJslOA'and Metrocolor' 

Kellys Heroes ~ 
CLIN' IAS'WOOD-'IL~ Y SA V ALAS 

- SECOND COLOR HIT-

.... ks I n' It.ti ... ry 
• rt ... t. ri . .. 

.111 .. .,,, Clul • 
,Irty ...... 

nortlt coast stationers 
127 north highwIY 101 solanl belch 

755-4923 

office .upplill .chool .upplill 

8480 Beverly Blvd., Holly-
wood, 90048. 
The program includes both 
on-the-job-training and class-
room instruction. Upon com-
pletion of the training pro-

gram, a trainee becomes eli-
gible as a second assistant 
director at $320 per week 
minimwn. 

Classifieds 
Share a furnished bOuse in Bay 
Park. Close 10 Mission Bay. 
Private room, fireplace. Call 
after six, %7S-%3%O. 

NEW ART GALLERY 
pottery, sculpture, art & 
ceramic;, sapplies at discouat. 
ARTIST ia actioa on SuDday. 
THE ART CENTER - 1159 
Camiuo Del Mar - Del Mar. 

SERVICE on SCHEDULE • 
distinctive typiag 

by belen'" jalie 
satilfactioa il our product 

IBM EXECUTIVE 7. Girard Salte 15 451-8888 
FREE RENT 
Female stadent wanted to live 
in, new bome, tbree minutes 
from campus. Trade rent & 
breakfast for baby sitting & 
Iigbt housekeeping, flexible 
boars, 45l-8310. 

For Sale : 
Lotus Europa. 115 bp. Full race 
prep. Will take Toyota Land 
Cruiser iD Irade. Pboae 7~ 
t%%8. 

Wanted-Lead siuger -
Rbytbm gaitarist lor D.C. 
Blues. Must BE %1 and 
Experienced. We bave lots of . 
work. Call Bruce, %7%-5171. 

WHY DON'T YOU? 
If you are looking for the mQst 
entertain ing and provocative 
adult film fare to be seen any-

, Pussycat Theatres are 
your cup of tea! 
Each week. thousands of dis-
criminating men and women 
throughout Cal ifornia look to 
their local Pussycat Theatre for 
the finest in adults-only enter-
ta inment. 

, Why don't you visit one of the 
Pussycat Theatres listed below ? 
Check your newspaper or ca ll 
your local Pussycat Theatre for 
program information . 

" Complete wedding coverage. 
ZI color 8 x Its in albam, $75. If 
iaterested, call %84.7. 

FOR SALE TR3B '63 5811 mi. 
on " TR4 elllioe, white witb 
black int ., top/ toan Pirellis 
Stebro free exhaust. Call 7~ 
t%%8 after 7 p.m. 

Need ride to & from o liege 
Grove to C 0 , MWF, on 
campu s 10-5. Call Lyn at 
286-3989. 

Typing: Reasonable rate for 
student and teacher~ . Thesis., 
ETC. Vencie272- 1013. 

Typing ... Experienced typi t .. . 
term papers, thesis. Electric 
typewriter. Will do rush job . 
453-6835. 

Applications are now bein g 
accepted for the position of 

tation Manager at K DT. Any 
interested student should fil e 
at 250 Me a written statement 
containing a summary of his/ 
her experien ce and back-
ground , how he/ he sees the 
-role of slation manager at a 
student-run radio station, and 
what ideas he/she has about 
radio as a communications 
medium and about programm· 
ing. . 

WHY DON'T YOU? 

The inquiring mind is only as 
successful as the answers it 
finds. At the La Jolla Public 
Ubrary you can learn how to 
find m!llly answers yourself 

rO~T£~~~lilTS'1IW ITE.S·~Il:S-l£ATH~R· fIII.rt rttus'1AP~ 

• ____ ~-------_------. with the help of librarians . 
• 

~21i W5~ID~ BUD.' MIS~O~ ~A'A . V 
Page 12 Triton Time. October 9 , 1970 


