
triton ti 
V.I •• I I, " .... , J University 01 (alilornia, San Diego 

$ 

New Director Allen l nteniewed 

The Individual To Be Stressed at Health Center 
Robert Miller 
Stoff Writer Drug User Help Foreseen 

"We want to get away from a semblance of assembly-line 
medicine at the Student Health Center and create a situation to 
preserve individuality," declared Dr. Vincent Allen, the new 
director of student health services at UCSD. 

Dr. Allen is considering several innovations to improve 
service at the Health Center. "We would like people to feel 
comfortable and compatible in the Student Health Center," he 
said. "The Health Center hopes to involve itself with social 
issues, but we also feel that we can not please all factions." 

Dr. Allen would like the Center to take an active role in 
helping those using drugs. He feels the Center's medical staff 
can dispassionately point out things the student does not know 
concerning drugs. "We want to be helpful for those who want 
help," declared Dr. Allen. He has no plans for programs for 
drug users because he feels that it is unwise and unfair to 
single out those people. 

Works With Psychology 
Dr. Allen noted that the Health Center is involved in 

counselling in conjunction with the Department of Psychology: 

He feels that it is a mistake to be overly concerned with drug 
abuse as a problem. "Drug abuse is a symptom of a social ill in 
the truest sense. The real problem is why someone uses drugs 
and the possible alternatives of fulfilling his needs." 

He said this service involves a multitude of medical and 
emotional problems. In regard to these problems Dr. Allen 
declared, "These are emotionally charged issues and we must 
furnish reason and logic to deal with them. " 

Among the improvements being thought of by Dr. Allen and 
his staff is an attempt to eliminate the time spent in the Center 
waiting room by arranging an appointment system with 
individual staff physicians. This system would hopefully allow 
the student to become familiar with one particular doctor 
whom he could depend on for advice and medical care. 

He said the reasor! the Student Health Center does not 
actively participate in abortion and birth control counselling is 
because of legal problems and a lack of finances. "Pregnancy 
is not an illness. This creates insurance problems. There is no 
coverage on the student health insurance for pregnancies. We 
are then faced with the problem of to what point can we cover 
non-medical services." 

Students Must Face Burden 

But Dr. Allen stressed that this relationship would only 
develop out of the voluntary desire of both the doctor and the 
patient involved. "Our primary commitment is medical 
service. This is a broad territory and it does not simply involve 
treating the medical ailment. It involves the total care of the 
patient. The Center will hopefully be able to provide help when 
it is not specifically medical. This will allow for a more totally 
service oriented Health Center." 

He pointed out that a minor living away from home and 
managing his own affairs is considered by state law able to 
conduct his own affairs without parental consent. This places 
the financial burden on the student's shoulders. 

"The Health Center would like to be able t<I issue birth 
control pills to anyone who wants them, but the cost is too 
much. Planned Parentljood has the use of the Center building 

(continuedonpoge2) 

Dougla. on CS U: 

Save TheUniversitYi 
Preserve It Jim Sills Stoff Writer 

Prole .. or Jack Dougla. 

"Because the fundamental purposes of 
teaching and research are threatened with 
destruction at UCSD, by the increasingly 
political orientation of normal university 
activity, we resolve to form a Committee on 
Academic Responsibility, which will be open to 
all faculty members, regardless of political 
persuasion ... " This is the statement of belief 
and purpose of a new faculty group on campus. 
It began with about 50 faculty members last 
June in the wake of campus demonstrations 
relating to the Cambodian incursion. The 
Committee's formation, and possible influence 
on the selection of UCSD'S next chancellor, has 
stirred wide controversy on campus. 

The Committee on Academic Responsibility's 
first chairman, Dr. Jack Dougla of Sociology, 
poke to the TRITON TIMES recently about the 

group 's plans and views. TT: "Prof. Douglas, 
your group has often stated its main worry to be 
'politicalization' of the campus. Could you 
defin what is meant by that? "Deqla.: " First, 

political conflicts and crises. the 
fractionalization of the community into 
conflicting groups, as well as the introduction of 
non-academic standards into university 
decisions. As important is the substantiation of 
public fears that the university is becoming a 
political weapon, to be used against society. 
This carries a threat of direct external control 
of the university through political constraint 
and financial strangulation." TT: Could you list 
some examples of this alleged 'politicization?" 
Douglas: "To list a few : the violence of the 
building takeovers by some students last May ; 
the failure of the Chancellor to effectively deal 
with those students; the breaking of 50 windows 
in the Chancellor's Office later that month ; the 
repeated attacks on the university in an attempt 
to 'shut it down ;' and finally, the unethical 
'reconstitution' of some classes, which made a 
mockery of academic responsibility. " 

"Standards, though, are just as important. If 
academic standards at UCSD are lowered any 
further , UCSD could become a third-rate 
school. It's happened before. " TT: "Where?" 
Douglas: "At City College of New York, for 
example. They don't have any admission 
standards left there at all. It will ruin them. 
Even worse is the prior censorship of class 
reading. Quite often the only non-left view that 
is presented is Goldwater and Wallace. They 
use them as 'straw men,' supposedly 
representatives of all American society.' .-" 

Prevent Politicization 
TT: "How will your group work to prevent 

this 'politicalization?" Douglas: " We'll try to 
influence the selection of campus 
administrators who share and will pursue this 
goal with us. Additionally, we will work with 
groups on other campuses and state officials 
who are dedicated to the same ideal of a free 
and hence apolitical university. Also by 
assisting students to resist the manipulation of 
the research and teaching activity of the 
university system in the service of political 
conflict." TT: "What conditions do you think 
essential to the workings of an effective 
chancellor?" Douglas: " A strong consensus of 
the faculty behind him." TT: " Hasn't that 
consensus existed right along?" Douglas: 
"No." TT: ""Why not?" Douglas : 
" Unfortunately, our academic community 
today is often threatened by surprise physical 
attacks, and by mor.e subtle political threats to 
its integrity. Even worse, there is apparently a 
minority in our midst who support those attacks 
and those attempts to use the university to 
achieve political goals ; and there are others 
who cannot be aroused to support any attempt 
to ~nd these threats to the university, because of 
inertia, lack of conviction, or failure to realiZe 
the gravity of the issues. TT: "Your group ha 
been criticized for maintaining separate 
contacts with the Regents. What about that?" 
Douglas: "We will continue to keep in contact 

(continuedonpo~e2) 

Marcuse Interviewed 
on Curren t Topics 

Save The University; 
C~ange It Paul Emu toff Writer 
" I have tried to show that contemporary 
society is a repressive society in all its 
aspects, that even the comfort, the 
prosperity, the alleged political and moral 
freedom are utilized for oppressive ends .. " 

--Herbert Marcuse 
The distinguished humanist philosopher 

Herbert Marcuse, now 72 and one of the 
most controversial figures of our times, 
has settled down to a more leisurely pace 
at the UCSD campus. He says that his 
plans are simple; to stay here as an 
unsalaried graduate student advisor, give 
occasional lectures in various parts of the 
country, and have sufficient time for 
reading and writing, specifically on the 
politics of revolution and the political 
esthetics of literature and music. 

Previously, when his contract was up for 
renewal, conservative San Diegans, 
including the American Legion, ardently 
protested the rehiring of Marcuse. It 
became obvious that the Regents would 
call for his dismissal. 

Marcuse - Academic Philosopher 
Some have characterized him as a guru 

and prophet and symbol for the New Left 
revolutionary activists, among such heroes 
as Frantz Fanon, Patrice Lumumba, and 
Che Guevara. However he is more 
accurately portrayed only as an academic 
philosopher, criticizing Hegel and Marx, 
writing on such subjects as Eros and 
Civilization or' One-Dimensional Man, 
lecturing at Harvard, Yale, Brandeis, 
Columbia and teaching, courses here on 
social and political theory, Kant, and 19th-
Century German philo ophy. 

Can there be much connection between 
his idea about one-dimensional man, 
flattened out by comfort and ease, 
ingesting his one-dimensional 
'elenewsmogspea#C, and the riot and 
revolution on campus pictured in curr nt 
Agnewism ? 

In a TRITON TIMES intervi w with 
Prof. Marcuse, many current i u were 
covered, including th recent Angela Davi 
affair. Now on the FBI' "Ten Mo t 
Wanted List ," Mi Davi, i a 
U SO alumnus and former tud nt of 
Marcu . Th reason for her being on thi 
Ii t among hardened criminal wa 
questioned. "There i a hug diU r n 

Ocf06er " 1910 

Dr. Vincent A lien 
New Health Center Head 

between her and the hardened criminal," 
he explained . "Her involvement does not 
justify to say that she is wanted for murder 
and kidnapping. This would already 
prejudice her case." Commenting on her 
disappearance, Marcuse said, " We don' t 
even know if she is alive or not !" If she 
reappeared, " it would be very difficult for 
her to get a fair trial given the political 
atmosphere here in California.' 

FBI - Legal "Secret Police" 
However, Marcuse sees the FBI 

functioning as a legal and partly secret 
police. He nevertheless contends that "its 
employees are being increased on the 
various campuses. It is certainly not an :;: 
atmosphere conducive for free thinking. ,. ll~ 

Commenting on his current feelings ::: 
about UC, Marcuse said , " It seems that the ',' 
encroachment of professional politicians is :,::,:=.: 
becoming larger every month. The 
integrity of the University of California is '.:,~.~ 
certainly being threatened . We must 
preserve the universities. But beware of ::: 
when universities merely serve the status ::: 
quo. They must be changed because the :.:;.:l,:.:: 
status quo must be thoroughly changed . 
There should be continued ferment , 
dissent, education , and enlightenment. ::: 

"Some of the best tudents are among .l.j.l .. 
the radicals. They don 't want a Stalinist 

..•. bureaucracy. They want a transvaluation :::; 
of values -, social protest against :::: 
prosperity and comfort which are bought :::: 

(continuedonpage2) 

Prole or R rbert Marcu.e 

.:.; 
:.:. 
.... 

':.: 
.•.. 
:::: 
,'.' 

ill 
',', 
.•.. 

:~l: 
::=: 
:::: 

~~~: 
~l\: 

l~l 
i~i 
.'. 



Hara Krishma Society lectured on Revelle Pla:Jo Friday. 

K I 'iG SNEDLEY V/hat kind of a man would lock himself away in the East wing of 
an old (astle . 0 hI' ('o uld mix a whole 
bunch 0 : interesting stuff in vats and ket-
tles? DR J~CKYLL? Wrong! KI G SNED-
LEY! It was because this great man was 
dedicated to perfecting "you-know-what" 
that he did it ... besides he had misplaced 
the key. Look for the Royal Family on the 
a n. •••••••••• •• 

Trilen Ti .... s Ort",',1970 

folk arts 
blues, folk jlZl, 

rock on r.cord 
.Iso : pott.ry, j.w.lry, 
IlItll'r, 

hind ... d. clothes 
3753 indi. 

(corn.r wesllington 
.nd indi'l 

The 
IillCUSTOM 
CONTOURS 
Moderately flared, heel-
to-toe slanl , flap 
pockets. No-iron solids, 
stripes and patterns 
$10 to $12 a pair, 

A·l '. h •• I·to·lo •• llnt. 

liD 
The Action 
Man Slacks 

Christie's 

Fashion and (asual 
Clothes for Men 

459-5323 
7914 Girard 

La Jolla 

Regent Simon To File Suit 
Los Angeles (U.riipress 

AP)·University of C~lifornla 
Regent Norton Simon said 
yesterday that the Irvine 
Company may make $430 
million profit by increasing the 
size of its community 
development plan around 
University of California , 
Irvine. 

Simon told a Los Angeles 
news conference, as he said 
earlier at Berkeley, that he 
plans to ask the UC Board of 
Regents to file a suit against 
the land development 
company . The multi -
millionaire businessman and 
art collector said he has 
information which will entail 
the regents to file the suit to 
recover all or part of that 
amount. Simon refused to 
devulge details of his 
accusations. 

However, in a statement 
issued at the news conference, 
he said that this is "the largest 
cookie jar that can be recalled 
without going back to the 
teapot dome scandaL" Simon 
accused the Irvine Company of 
violating an agreement which 
he said the firm made with the 
regents in 1960. He said the 
agreement called for a 10,000 
acre community to surround 
the UCI campus. 

Now, he added , the company 
plans a 53 ,000 acre city. Simon 
said the new city would include 
expensive homes in the $35,000 
range and higher. He said the 
new city would attract 
homeowners in other orange 
county areas and turn off-

campus studen t housing 
facilities in Santa Anna and 
Tustin into slums. Simon said 
residents of the area he 
mentioned would move into the 
new homes built by Irvine 
Company and by doing so 
"establish a new path for a 
group of hippies to come in ." 

"HEALTH CENTER" (continued/rampage 1) 
and our office supplies, but they offer the birth control pills and 
the abortion counseling on their own. This is about the best we 
can do." 

Dr. Allen succeeded Dr. Robert Watson as center director. 
Allen felt it was a challenge to lead a service center on a 
growing campus without being hindered by tradition. 

Allen to See Patients 
Dr. Allen regards himself as primarily a clinician, and he 

plans to see patients at the Center. He wants to remain flexible 
and innovative while serving in the dual capacity as 
administrator and physician. " I'm stilI mostly concerned with 
patient care. " 

He is a pediatrician who received his M.D. degree from New 
York Medical College in 1959, after receiving a master's 
degree in biology at Harvard. 

Dr. Allen has worked in hospitals in New York and Boston. 
He is a member of several organizations, including the 
Committee on Youth of the American Academy of Pediatrics. 
Since 1969, he has served as an assistant professor in 
Department of pediatrics. He is unmarried and resides in La 
Jolla. 

Dr . Allen has worked in hospitals in New York and Boston. 
He i~ a member os several organizations, including the 
Committee on Youth of the American Academy of Pediatrics. 
Since 1969, he has served'as an assistant professor in the Med 
School's Department of Pediatrics. He is unmarried and 
resides in La Jolla. 

"The University"-Marcuse 

(continued/rompage 1) 
at the price of more exploitation and 
poverty. 

" It is possible to automate to the limits 
of technical achievemnt. Technical 
progress can either lead to a repressive 
welfare state or a free society. In a free 
society the tasks will be tremendous - to 
reconstruct city and countryside and man 
himself. 

channelled 
pursuits." 

mto peaceful and useful 

Both Sides Right 
The interview then turned to a discussion 

of the Mideast flare-ups. Marcuse pointed 
out that the death of Nasser "is about the 
worst thing that could happen. He was the 
only man who could command respect and 
be willing to talk." He noted that there is a 
right on both sides. The Arabs certainly 
are right in that they are a native 

What Kind of Man? population which was expelled, whereas 
" Maybe we shouldn' t define the future of the Jews have the right to a homeland 

free human beings. We shouldn ' t impose where they would be safe from a 
present goals on the future . I'm not against recurrance of a Nazi extermination. Where 
science and technology. Freedom needs two movements clash in a small area, 
science, technology, and organization. unless there is reconciliation, there will be 

"We must have a discriminative a major catastrophe. 
tolerance - not tolerance Tor : .. Jvements Turning homeward, Marcuse was asked 
and ideas which are obviously and to speculate on the revolutionary youth. 
dem onstratively aggressive and "You know I do see a youth culture which 
destructive. Society today is sick, but it is radically opposed to the establishment .. 

:i:~.:l can be aondp~i':!~s~oO~TCh~~edd College : and a hopef for a badly needed ::.:~:l:·.; Improvement 0 American society." Dr. 
.. With regard to Third College, Marcuse Marcuse quite frankly exclaims: " Don 't .. 
:;: was quite optimistic. " I think it is a very you think it's a bad society? Look around .. :;:; 
::: hopeful development and hope it is not th h It V' t T t :;:: 

.:

l,:l,:l exposed to reactionary , political dicetat!S:ipsos~ppor~ ~:~~ U~\III ~~~ .::.:l.:~,:l 
interference or control on the part of the have to do is read the newspapers. Look at 

,_ Regents." Many people have already the crime-rate, the violence in this .. 
::: attacked Third College, but Marcuse says country." He notes, however, that the :;:: 
:;: that their accusations are " irresponsible th h to k 'th' th te .::: 

:

:::,:'::: you as wor WI In e sys m :.:'.:':'::': statements" as Third College has only because the system is all around us. 
been open for instruction this past week. Students, Minorities Must 
He noted that one cannot judge beforehand, Change Conditions 
without seeing how it will work. He feels that it is up to the students and 

Concerning Nixon 's plan for peace in minority groups to work toward changing 
Vietnam, Marcuse declined to call it such. the dominant social conditions in our 
"I'm still trying to stick to ordinary society. He notes that the Blacks have a 
language and not Orwellian," he said "hard and bitter fight ahead , but that their 
"Cambodia wouldn 't bring peace." He suppressions will not be perpetuat.ed." 
conceded that the defense sit-in here at Although he sees no change in the near 
UCSD last spring was " a clear future , "suppression will continue, " but 
demonstration against war research. It sooner or later there will be an end to it. 
certainly had the effect of making some Marcuse has a romantic vision of a 
people re-examine." civilization to be composed of individual 

Marcuse followed with a brief lives full of creativity and happiness . He is 
examination of wars and revolutions in an answer to the cool : he is willing to be 
terms of Freud . Commenting on other extreme, lyrical, even fuzzy . He preaches 

Jt,;§1~~~~~~[~~~;~~~.,.,.,Jf.[J,~~~~~~1.~~~~::~~.JI! 
"The University"-Douglas 

(con tinued/rompogeJ) 
with the Regents. But then, so will others. 
Some of the officials of the Academic Senate 
have informal contacts with the Regent . So do 
many others, and I think this sort of contact is 
good for the Regents , the faculty , and the 
students." 

TT: "What are the committee 's views on 

faculty self-discipline?" Douglas: "The faculty 
must recognize immediately that the just public 
outrage will not allow the flagrant abuses of 
faculty rights and privileges to continue . [f the 
faculty does not act immediately to enact and 
administer a trong and effective system of 
self-di ipline, then we can be certain the 
administration, or the Regents , or the 
legislature will be forced by that just public 
outrage to enact firm controls over our 
activities. " 

Graduate Students 
T o Hear Teacher Union 
Spokesman 

Raoul Teilhet, president of the ' California Federation of 
Teachers (state branch of the American Federation of 
Teachers (AFlrCIO), will speak to graduate students 
interested in fonning a union in the informal lounge on Revelle 
Campus at 3:00 p.m. Wednesday, October 7. Graduate students 
from all departments have been invited whether or not they 
are teaching assistants at this time. 

The move to form a union at this time and possibly to 
affiliate with the AFT (branch of AFL-CIO), is precipitated by 
the general economic crisis in California education, according 
to Dan Labotz, a graduate student organizer. 

"On this campus that crisis has taken the (orm of increased 
class size, fewer full time equivalent teaching assistants, and 
general economic insecurity," he said. 

"At this time, " Labotz continued, "TA's have no real 
contract. TA's in humanities found this out when they returned 
from summer vacation to find that they were no longer 
teaching assistants, but rather glorified readers responsible 
for 40 per cent more students." 

"This situation was somewhat improved when TA's 
objected - but the situation is still far from satisfactory," 
Labotz noted. 

Should the TA's organize and affiliate with the AFL-CIO by 
joining the state organization and the San Dieg<rImperial 
LABOR Council, he said , they would have a great deal of 
potential power; a sanctioned strike could, for example, stop 
construction and if recognized by the teamsters, prevent 
deliveries to the campus. 

In a related matter, David Epstein and Ronnie Levine, of the 
Los Angeles International Socialists, will speak about 
"Students and the Labor Movement" this Wednesday, October 
7, atll :OO a.m. in the informal and language lounges. 

Epstein and Levine will speak in particular about the United 
Auto Workers Strike in Los Angeles and the way students in LA 
have successfully and unsuccessfully related to that struggle. 

Campus Building Continues 
Despite Budget Cuts 

Mike Robert 
Stall Writer 

Despite drastic budget cutbacks the UCSD building program 
includes several j>rojects for the near future. Accordtng to Don 
McCarty of Architects and Engineers, a clinical sciences 
builOtng, an arts and music center, an .international center and 
a marine biology building are in various stages of pre-
construction planning. 

The Clinical Sciences Building , to be located on the Medical 
School campus, will consist of a seven-floor concrete structure 
with four bridges leading across to the Basic Sciences 
Building, similar to the causeways between Bonner Hall and 
the Physics-Chemistry Building at Revelle. The estimated cost 
is over $8,000,000. Part of that sum has already been secured 
from Educational Fee revenue. 

An $8,000,000 grant from the Federal Government is in the 
final stages of approval. If the money comes in on schedule, 
construction will begin early next year. With 22 months 
construction time, the Clinical Sciences Building will begin 
accommodating third and fourth year medical students by the 
Fall of 1973. 

Ernest Mandeville, who also contributed to the Muir 
residence halls, is donating a quarter of a million dollars for a 
centrally located institute for artistic endeavors of all kinds. 
The building, still in the working drawing stage, will have four 
floors, two of them underground to provide quiet and isolation 
for music rooms. It will stand between the Revelle and Muir 
Campuses. The 41h million dollar project is on the proposed 
state budget and will go up for approval sometime in 
November. Its prospects, however, are uncertain, as last 
year's proposed budget was cut by almost ninety percent. 

An International Center, the first part of a proposed Student 
Cluster to be located between the Matthew's Campus and Muir, 
is in the final stages of planning. Mr. Bob Thorber, Associate 
Ardhetect is responsible for the project. . 

The primary function of this two story wood frame building 
will be to serve as a University " homehase" for foreign 
students . 

In addition to office space, it will include a social center, a 
self'operated kitchen and dining set-up for the preparation of 
exotic foods , a crafts center and a nursery school. . 

A gift funded by International Inc., a womens money raising 
organization in La Jolla , the Center will be started in 
November and, if all goes well , will be completed by June. 

The Undergraduate Marine Biology program at UCSD will 
get underway with the construction of the Marine Biology 
Instruction and Research Building at Scripps Institute of 
Oceanography. The $5 million building, roughly the size of 
Bonner Hall is on shaky financial ground . To soften the blow, 
the Architectural staff is planning to build it in two stages: the 
outside one year and the interior a year later. 

Also in the planning stages are the permanent buildings for 
Third College and the second half of building 2E on the Muir 
Campus which is to be completed by September of next year. 

Copy Readers needed! 
Contact Chuck Graham 
in the triton times 
office, Blake Hall. $ $ $ 

Stay ot 

Nava ios To Visit 
South land 

Mike Rath 
loff Writer 

UC San Diego will be the home of 40 Indian students from the 
Rough Rock Demonstration School of Arizona for one week in 
October. While they are here, they will tour throughout the San 
Diego area. 

For most of the students, ages 10 to 16, this will be their first 
j. ourney away from their home, a Navajo Indian reservation ocated in eastern Arizona. Many of them live 10 miles from 
the nearest paved road and have yet to see a modern city. The 
school is controlled by a locally elected Navajo school board 
and has integrated the native culture and language into a 
relevant school curiculum Knowledge of the Navajolanguage 
is a requirement for all teachers, ana 43 percent of the faculty 
consists of Navajo Indians. 
After arriving at the campus Tuesday, October 13, they will 

visit such points of interest as Scripps Aquarium, Sea World , 
the San Diego Zoo, and Disneyland. For transportation , they 
will rely on their own school bus, and for lodgings the campus 
dorms. They will bring along sleeping bags and sleep on the 
floor in the student lounges unless another alternative can be 

CONTR'OVERS IAL 
BOOK STORE 

1121 hIm1llJ 

COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANK 
327 F 51, 

PAYS DONORS 
for selYice 

Tue. - Frl, 
9:30 • 7:30 

Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
Closed Sun, " Mon. 

233 - 8328 

II ...... .. t.,i • •• " 
.rt •• t.ri." 

the store 
crafts 

candles 
cards 

posters 
. 121 pll rl 457-1438 

FINAL WEEKS! 
AQUARIUS THEATER 

A StuHed Tortilla, 
A Jug of Wine 
and Thou-

Mexican F •• II 
al lts besl 
IIlee ••• ! 

c.s. NOG,r ... ' 

AI Jones Pocific '"c~ 
lI.n • .,k elf" 
,.fty . ... . 

IIOI1It coast stationers 
127 lertll lIi.II • • y 101 III . . . .... c. 

7&5 -4123 

• ffice " ' 'Ilill ac .... I •• "Ii .. 

worked out, according to John Lett, a graduate student who has 
worked with the school in organizing the outing. The 
arrangement will have to be worked out by the resident deans 
of Revelle and Muir and presented to the local students in 
future dorm meetings. The Indian students will stay for one 
week if finances permit, and then leave the following Tuesday, 
Oct. 20. 

Along with John Lett, Dr. and Mrs. Francis Halpern, and 
Tony Valenzuela, president of the Native American Club, have 
all been instrumental in helping arrange the trip for these 
students. But their is still a great need for help , as John Lett 
says, "Anyone who is interested in giving their time or making 
donations can contact me at extension 1458, Dr. Halpern at 
extension 1845, or volunteer their services at a table that will 
be set up in Revelle Plaza by the Native Americans of UCSD." 

The Rough Rock Demonstration School is running on a 
limited budget in financing field trips for the students. If the 
money should run out before the end of the tour, the group 
would be forced to go home. The school is financed by a private 
corporation run by the Indians themselves, which receives 
money from the Bureau of Indian Affairs and the Office of 
Economic Opportunity. 

QUEEN LUCLEE Certain rumor." are bing bandied about concerning the voluptuou QUEE LUCLEE, pou e of our 
King. Tru, h ha be n n aking out 
nights ... but not to m . t y u-know-who 
in the Hus ar's barrack .. oh no ... anI to 
p rform a traditional Duty, which he, a 
Qu n, ha dedicated her Iii t p rf rm 
... and you know what that m an . 
way, look for the Ro al Famil on th an. 

Trl .... ' ... s Odeiter', 1970 p ... , 



. . 

op,mon 
~ !>pinions t xp essed ~low are approved by the TRITON TIMES Editorial Board All other 
OPlnlons eIpressed on this page are those of the authors whose names appear in til b )' ~~:ia~~ 't~ssabl!IYedref,ect ~e vie:ovs of the TRIT~N TIMES. Anyone desiring t~ ~b~~~ 
TIMES 117 BI pu Ish In this section should send It to the Editorial Director TRITON , ake Hall , UCSD. ' 

Karl Keating 

"Morality, Outright Subsidies, 
and Day-Care Centers" 

IndiTectly connected with 
the women's liberation 
agitation has been the 
proposal that the University 
establish a day-care center 
in which students with small 
children could, for a few 
hours daily, leave their 
offspring. Consonant with 
this proposal has been the 
assump tion tha t the 
University provide, gratis, 
the facilities and personnel 
for the center. 

From Students' Pockets 

Iconoclasm Department: 
"The University" cannot 
provide any such services ; 
the students of the 
University provide them. 
Students pay the fees from 
which the costs of the center 
will presumably be deducted. 
Funds for projects such as 
these come from the 
pockets of students, not 
from the public at large. 
The day-care center's 
organiza tion would 
evidently be overseen by 
one or another of the 
student governments . 
Revenues for these 
governments come entirely 
from the Associated 
Students fees , the 
registration fees , or the 
vending machine income. 
Either way, all monies are 
obtained from fellow 
students. 

The questions : How many 
students would use the day-
care center and would all 
students be able to use i1'! 
The answer to the first 
query depends directly 011 
the answer to the second. 
which is : Those with young 
children-a fixed group--
could use the facilities , bu. 
most students could not 
simply because they are nol 
parents. Therefore thE 
majority of registered 
students would have no use 
for the center. The first 

question immediately 
elicits the response that 
ur,idoubtedly a minority of 
those stUdents with children 
would elect to employ the 
facilities . 
. One immediately runs 
into a moral dilemma : 
Should the students, as a 
whole, be compelled to 
provide services for a 
distinct minority when such 
services can be otherwise 
provided? The answer : 
Definitely not! As fee-
payers we expect our funds 
to be used in such a way that 
we reserve the option of 
profiting from the 
expenditure of these funds. 
If we have no children, we 
surely could not make use of 
the funds earmarked for the 
day-care center. Some of 
the money may be used to 
bring, say , a certain 
speaker on campus ; though 
the student may not wish to 
hear him, he can if he so 
desires. That is, one is not, a 
priori , excluded from 
listening to him, from 
benefitting from the 
expenditure of stUdent 
money. 

Missing Out on Education? 

Some will certainly cry: 
" But if these mothers 
cannot place their children 
in the University day-care 
center, then they will have 
to remain at home, thus 
missing out on an 
education." Nonsense ! 
What if I said: " If the 
University does not pay for 
my gasoline, I will not be 
able to drive to school, thus 
missing out on an 
education." What would be 
the logical response to this 
statement? Why, " Buy your 
own gasoline," of course. 
Similarly, the students with 
children can and should 
make private arrangements 
for boarding their off-

triton tiIlles 
Editor-in-Chief ... Haywood Gammon 

Ci ty Editor ... . ............. Ri ch Heimlich 
Managing E.jitor .. ..... .. . '. . . . Mike Ktaycr 
Copy Editor .... __ .......... Chuck Graham 
Business Manager ... . ............ Jeff Fried 
Editorial Di 'ector ........... Raoul Contreras 
Associate Ci 'y Editors .. Owen Joyner, John Maxwell 
Arts Editor - ....... .. . . .... _ . Terry Barak 

ports Edit r . _ ... . .......... Rocky H aHon 
Pholography Editor _ . ........... 10hn Zaller 
Conlributing Editor . . . . . . . . . . .. teve Landau 
The TRITON TIMES i. off icially recognired and .upported a. a .tudent 
new.paper by the Communicotion. Board of the University 01 Calilo,nio. 
Son Oiego. Building 250. Ma"h.w. Campu •• la Jolla. Calilornia 92037. 
Publication i. twice weekly an Tue,day. and Friday •. Office. are located 
in room 117. Blake Hall. on the R •• elle Compu, . For Ad .. rti.ing phone 
4532000. Xl017, fo .. d,torlal or new, phon. XI Ol6 

' ... 4 Triton Tim.s Oct •• r.,1910 

spring. There are several 
avenues open: (1) They can 
keep their children in a 
privately-operated center, 
several of which are in the 
San Diego area; (2) if that 
is inconvenient, they can get 
together, forming a center 
of their own: mothers could 
take turns supervising the 
children ; (3) if the other 
two options are not used 
simply because of lack of 
funds, then the student-
parents could appeal to the 
generosity of other students 
to make up the difference. 
Note that last line: the 
student-parents can appeal 
to the generosity of other 
students ; "generosity" is 
the key word . Other 
students should not be 
coerced into paying for the 
parents' center : they should 
be generous of their own 
will and at their own 
expense. 

Use Private Resources 

In such a situation as this, 
where the services desired 
can be obtained without, in 
essence, taxing the whole 
co:nmunity of students, 
private resources should be 
employed. There is only a 
very limited amount of 
money which can be sued 
for the benefit of students. 
All expenditures of this 
money should be handled in 
such way that any student 
if he so desires, could mak~ 
use of the service. We 
should not spend money on 
services which can 
necessarily be used only by 
the tiniest fraction of the 
student body. This is 
outright subsidy! There just 
isn't enough money to go 
around. 

Want to w rite-
see-

Rich Heimlich 
T. T. City Editor 

'Angela Davis ~nd 

A cademic Freedom' 
" Academic freedom means freedom from the 

pressures of outside society," is a thought 
belonging to Sister Angela Davis. She believed 
it. She did not have to prove it to anyone. Those 
who questioned her had only to be present at the 
first "Issues Now" class to have a first hand 
look at the protectors of academic freedom. 
This shall be a short, subjective (being Black ) 
look at that class. 

The four panelists were all known : D. Kalish, 
professor and chairman of the Philosophy 
Department at UCLA-the man who recruited · 
Sister Davis to the UCLA campus from San 
Diego; D. Higgs, Regent of the University of 
California ; W. Coblentz, Regent of the 
University of California-the one who voted for ' 
the retention of both Sister Davis and Brother 
Cleaver ; and last, but not least, J .W.Archer, 
attorney and former Regent. Thus the actors. 
The stage: USB 2722. And then the show began! 

Two Concepts Presented 

There were two major questions or concepts 
presented throughout the class : 1) the 
redefinition of academic freedom ; and 2) 
whether or not the university would really 
address itself to Black students and Black 
people. 

On the first, Mr. Archer should be examined" 
he was, perhaps, the strongest proponent of 
American academic freedom- which is 
freedom to say what l'waDt you to say; freedom 
to think what I waDt you to tbiok ; freedom to do 
what I waDt you to do. Mr. Archer seemed to 
give the impression that his mind always 
reduced problems to three patterns: Does it 
think for itself? Response : Yes. Reply : Kill it. 

His words were very clear. "Our children 
receive 18 years of indoctrination" (his words). 
We cannot let four years of college education ' 
eradicate all of that (paraphrasing the rest of 
his closing remarks ). Indoctrination equals 
programming- no thought involved here- just 
regurgitation! 

Perhaps Angela was right when she said that 
the Board of Regents kills. It is important to see 
that if they can dictate to you what to listen to, 
they can tell you what to read. If they can make 
you read only certain books they can then tell 
you what to think. And from there, they can 
start that other process working (if they haven't 
already)-that "WE'RE BETTER THAN 
THEY ARE '" process ; and Germany gives you 
good examples of what this leads to. Dead 
minds think no new thoughts- present no new 
threats! 

Coblentz Doesn't Get It 

And poor Mr. Coblentz, being as liberal as he 
is, doesn't seem to really grasp the significance 
of academic freedom. To him I might just Quote 
something I read once somewhere : " When they 
came for the hippies, you did not speak out 
because you were not a hippie . When they came 
for the Jews, you did not speak out because you 
were not a Jew. When they came for Black 
people, you did not speak out because you were 
not Black. And when they came for you, you 
went, because there was no one left to save 
you." 

Coblentz said he voted to rehire Miss Davis 
because she was an excellent teacher and her 
academic credentials were beyond question. It 
probably occurred to him that a student of 
socialism and socialist dynamics would be the 
best person to teach dialectical materialism 
which is the study of Marxism through the 19th 
and early 20th centuries. It is similar to having 
a student of chemistry teach molecular 
bonding. 

Angela Davis A Fool 

But then he said she was a fool! (She was a 
f?Ol fO.r believing that America had no business 

• flll~nclng the murderous interests in South 
Africa ; a fool for voicing her belief that the 
United ,States did not ha ~e to be the watchdog of 
the entIre earth and get Involved in an inhuman 
genocidal war of repre sion is Southeast Asia ' ~ 
fool for saying that after all other methods 'Of 

talk and negotiations have been tried and the 
police and army of this country still turn on 
college students (Black mostly, white on 
occasion) and kill for the sake of killing (Kent 
State +4, Orangeburg +3, Augusta +2, Jackson 
State +4) self-protection must be used to 
preserve life ; a fool for moving to try to make 
this country stop oppressing people). 

But, Mr. Coblentz, if you had tried to get more 
Black people in facul~ positions at UC before 
we became "lashlOna Ie, II your story would be 
a little more creditable. It is easy to say that 
you are for academic freedom and yet despise 
facuIty members who are moving to make 
changes. But you have never been Black and I 
doubt if you'll ever make it. You'll never really 
know what the word STRUGGLE is all about. 

You 'll never go to a school and have them say '~ Well , at the present time about two percent of 
the faculty is white and this represents a 
marked increase from last year (and think 
about where you 're coming from with a marked 
increase to two percent)." You'll never 
experience the distrust that evolves from the 
statement like the one made by Professor 
Kalish, " In my 20 years with the Philosophy 
Department, the .faculty never employed, 
interviewed or even invited a Black man or 
woman to be on the faculty ." These are the 
facts that challenge the concept of academic 
freedom , not Angela Davis. This is what makes 
me think that when you speak of academic 
freedom , you have hidden the " FOR WHITES 
ONLY" sign behind the desk. 

Nix on Blacks, Thinkers 

And when the same proponents of academic 
freedom that kept Black people out of the 
'university for so long, began to admit a few 
"good Blacks," and then found out that these 
people are thinking for themselves, they started 
talking about "cleaning up the university" (Mr. 
Archer's words ). To me, "clean up the 
university" could easily mean get rid of all 
niggers and all the thinkers. 

Professional "Ethics" 

There was also some talk during the class 
about professional ethics and actions which 
would bring disgrace to the rest of the faculty . 
But isn't it a disgrace to Black people in 
America to have a publicly sponsored 
university, a university that Black and White 
taxes support, and then not have enough 
minority members on the faculty or in the 
student body to make a good token. If these are 
the kinds of professional ethics that you expect 
Black people to maintain, the Regents ought to 
expect some trouble. 
"The secret of life is to have no fear". 

Coblentz made a good point in his opening 
remarks. He cited professors at the university 
of Illinois and Rutgers who had made 
statements concerning American politics and 
history which were easily as inflammatory as 
any by Angela Davis; yet, their positions were 
maintained. When Miss Davis came under fire 
just like Adam Clayton Powell, or Muhammed 
Ali, she was the last to be hired and the first to 
be fired. 

Mr. Archer said that anyone making 
unpatriotic statem"Cnts should be run out of the 
country; like they were some kind of animal I or 
beast. I wonder If he settles al\ of his courtroom 
cases with a gun-{!Isagree with me or I'll kill 
you. The only frightening thought is that Mr. 
Archer began by talking about academic 
freedom and the freedom of speech. Is the 
entire Board of Regents this way? 

CoII,re"ionai Actioll FUlld 

Troglodyte Leftists 
of America Unite 

You talk about change a lot. You talk about ending the war, 
ripping. off the defense bud~et , eliminating racism and hunger, 
reformmg the congress, and saving the environment. 

. A few candidates for political office are talking about these 
Issues ~oo. They are a select group and they face an uphill 
battle m the current political climate, but they do stand a 
chance. 

The Congressionol Action Fund (CAF ) is raising money for 
some of t~ese " radical-liberals" who have a chance to win. But 
our money is not being put into the "big-money" races. Il is 
going where it may have a tangible effect. 

Caodidales Not Well-Kaown 

That's why some of the candidates CAF supports are 
relatively unknown. Y?U may not have heard of Joseph Duffey, 
former McCarthy chairman and currently head of Americans 
for Democratic Action (ADA)who won an upset victory over 
the machine's candidate in the Democratic primary in 
Connecticut. Black activist Ron Dellums, running for Congress 
from the Berkeley district. Or Pete McCloskey, a strong 
spokesman for the anti-war and ecology campaigns. 

This campus alone could raise enough money to make the 
difference in one of these races. 

Electing a few more " radiclibs" might not mean a majority 
in congress for " new priority" candidates. But it will mean a 
growing number of vigorous spokesmen for important causes. 
Il will mean that legislation will not be railroaded through 
committee without someone at least raiSing issues and ' 
bringing _ them to the puhlic attention. And, finally, 
remember that such issues as ABM, McGovern-Hatfield, and 
"no-knock" were decided by slim margins in congress. 

If you're prepared to forsake electoral politics completely, 
then you'd better realize the complete implications of this act. 

CAFeaD Use You 

But if you want to help candidates who will represent your 
viewpoints, then CAF needs your help. CAF, formed in 
February, has a national Board of Directors including former 
attorney general Ramsey Clark (the man Nixon singled out in 
his campaign for being too civil-liberties oriented ), Black 
mayor Charles Evers (brother of the slain Medgar Evers), 
National Student Association (NSA ) president Charles Palmer 
(formerly student body president at Berkeley), and Rev. 
William Sloane Coffin (indicted along with Dr. Benjamin Spock 
on draft law violations ). 

ro . ... tri, 

t •• , . Uli 
• .t. t. i •• i un 

.......... 11 

ilt cb rt.ra 
ee •• cti • • f1i.llt ••• 

• • •••• r • ••• • iI • • 
" ... ........ 1 .... c.leltt. 

fir inf l ril i tiin" 
elll 

I r writl 
fIi,h t 

el lill ittil 

, .0. h x 2641 
Itl. f,nI Cllif . 

lUI. 

WHY DON'T YOU? 
If you are looking for the most 
entertaining and provocative 

ult film fare to be seen any· 
. u"hDrD Pussycat Theatres are 

cup of tea! 
Each week. thousands of dis· 
criminating men and women 
throughout California look to 
their local Pussycat Theatre for 
the finest in adults·only enter· 
tainment. 

This board nominates candidates who support their basic 
goals who are running against candidates who don 't in races ~hat are winnable and in races where CAF funding ma'y have an 
Impact. 

CAF feels that college students can afford to give one 
perc~nt of their summer earnings (or more) to help these 
candld~tes . Representativeson this c~mpus will be contacting 
you yhls week. For further mformatJon contact Ken Gross in 
room B-53 in the Muir dorms, or Steve Landau, 755-6552. 

You've had a lot to say over the years about a lot of hings. 
Now let's see what kind of commitment you're prepared to 
make. Troglodyte lefhstsof Amenca, unite!! 

Editor'. No te 
~irect studen.t partiCipation in the planning and guidance of a 
maJo~ colleg~ IS still something new to higher education in 
Amenca . ThiS IS the first in a series of columns to emanate 
fr?m the student representatives. In the Friday edition this 
Will be supplemented by an administrator's view on some of 
the aspects of Third College. 
Third College 

"Un Poco de Historia" 
by Ray Carrillo 

Some time ago a college was being planned by educa tors out 
on the West Coast. According to a master plan there were to 
eventually to be twelve colleges, which would comprise a 
university. Each college was designed for specific functions. 
Two had been established and the third one, an unnamed 
college, was on its way to being planned. 

However, the format was to undergo an abrupt change. The 
'needs of some people could no longer be ignored. Therefore, 
one day the educators went to two student groups, which 
represented these needs, for suggestions on the development of 
courses. Instead of submitting token courses, the two groups 
combined and acted together to write a document, the 
Lumumba-Zapata demands. 

Demand Relevance to Minorities 
BSC and MECHA demanded that the new college be devoted 

to the relevant educational needs of "minority students," a 
defeatist term, and the study of contemporary social problems 
of all people. In short BSC and MECHA wanted the whole 
college for people of color (later expanded to all oppressed 
people within the Third World ). 

The Lumumba-Zapata demands were ignored for some time, 

advertise in the , 
Triton Times 
Classified 

PAC~r~C 
YAMAKA 

complete sales 
& service 

penton 
husqvarna 

norton ajs 

but, since the demands gathered support from the entire 
campus, the administrators were eventually forced to 
seriously consider them. Surprisingly, Ulrough discussions 
with the students the administrators found the demands to be 
constructive. In these discussions the students sought to utilize 
the professionalism of the administrator 's careers, but were 
determined to prevent the usual result of having the "minority 
people" divided into exploiters and exploited the exploiters 
being the few Black and Brown bourgeois who received the 
opportunity for a college education. The students demanded 
that the emphasiS be changed toward training individuals to 
return benefits to their own communities. 

The new college was popularly known as Lumumba-Zapata 
College. Patrice Lumumba and Emiliano Zapata were 
revolutionary leaders within their respective countries. They 
were heroes to the people because their interests lay with the 
people. Both men died " in the cause." 

However, the name didn't catch on in higher circles, and 
there is still speculation on the official name. But those 
concerned with the college realize that it is the educatinal 
soundness of the program which will determine the fi nal 
judgement of Third College. I, for one, would prefer the name 
"Third World College" rather than a name from some 
historical figure . 

Committee Plans Programs 
In the summer of 1969 a committee was formed to construct 

an academic plan for Third College. This path encompassed 
the general education program, philosophy, and organizational 
structure. This plan was submitted and approved by the San 
Diego Division of the Academic Senate in December of 1969. 
The ideas were now in writing, and the words were soon put 
into action as participation in Third College grew. 

Prospective faculty were interviewed hy the Board of 
Directors, the governing board , and by BSC and MECHA. The 
present Board of Directors has three student representatives, 
one from BSC, one from MECHA, and a third from the Native 
Americans. There are also three faculty representatives. This 
format will probably change as the Orientals organize. The 
Board of Directors decides on all final rulings on the general 
policy of Third College. Each member of the board has one 
vote and the authority to delegate that responsibility to any 
group he deems appropriate. The students who will serve on 
future boards will be chosen by the student body of the general 
assembly. Each representative can be recalled at any time by 
a majority vote. The faculty representatives are elected by the 
Third College faculty and can also be recalled. 

Students Learn By Working 
It was this past summer that I became directly involved in 

Third College planning. As one of 20 students who participated 
on various committees, I could see the goals of the Lumumba· 
Zapata demands take shape. As students we were 
inexperienced with the bureaucratic structure of the 
university; we made mistakes, but we adjusted. Moreover, we 
learned and helped other students, who in turn helped other 
students. 

ON STAGE! OPENS OCT I 

~1U4M 7~ $fted i4e fad 
by Jerome lowrence and 
Robert E. Lee 
A stimulating provocotive new 
drama about the great American 
individualist Henry David 
Thor a 

Sf.so & 11.00 t1v.t . W.d ,ThUf .• luft . "",.1 phone 239 2255 after 
n 00 ' 1150 (, .. .. 10 •. 1 .... 1 - - noon 
n .oo , I UO (s.. .. "'''., or Central Box Office, 
$1.101",. "' •• 'oil. &I.,:".d ",a . .... 1.1.1.... Lobby, Urey Hall, UCSD 

olb globe tbeatre 
balboo po,~ on .tog. 

141&) '''-2&71 
Why don't you visit one of the 
Pussycat Theatres listed below? 
Check your newspaper or call ~--- ------------------------------------- ---- ----------

••••• , fll.llt. 
.r .... 11.111. 

local Pussycat Theatre for 
program information. 

WHY DON'T YOU? 

I AL CAPP IS AN EXPER T ON NOTHING BU T HAS 
OPINIONS ON EVER YTHING. WHAT IS YOUR 
QUESTION? 

-------------------------------

The Associated Students and Campus St -ldies Institute 
are sponsoring Al Capp at the UCSD Gymnas il1m no 
Tue sday, Octobe r 13, 1970 at 8: 00 p . m _ I free and open 
to the public . If you have a question you would Ukt: him 
mT~ItITS.I9PD_Lf50l£AT"~~ fIIIhft fftEkS.tAPaJIICIf to discuss, please fill out this s lip and return it through 

the campus mail to the Associated Stud nts Office, 
~21i W5~DN 6UP.' MI)~~N • TfL I 250 Matthews Campus by Monda , October 12, 1970. ~~~~~~====~~========~====~~ ~-- ----------------------------------------------- -

Trifotl Thies Oct •• r' , 1.70 

" 



Redding-Hendrix LIVE 

&l.ilor', nole; 

Lewu Hunl u nOI 0 studenl. He .enl hu book review 10 Ihe 
t rlt •• d.es wilh Ihe belief Ihol il would be of inlere" 10 
mony Nude,,' •. 

Book Review 

Our Social ist Future? 
The World 0' Tomo"ow by Paul and Violet Orr 

2312 Glenrose, Altadena, California, 91001. 
(Pacific Prosress PubUsbers, POBox 1m, Altadena, 

Califonia, '188l. $U5 Paperback 

The World 0' Tomorrow is an unusual book. It is written 
almost entirely in a conversational style between people 
supposedly living in 1993. It deals with the life-and-death social 
problems facing us today. The authors not only present these 
problems, but their solutions. They tell of the change to 
collective ownership of the means of production, including the 
land, as a necessary requirement for our people to live. 

Socialism: Cure for Pollution 

The socialist method of removing the profit motive will 
make it possible for us to check pollution at its source and to 
purify our entire environment. We will bring a little of the 
country to the cities and some of the city conveniences to the 
countryside. Masses of people will be involved in conserva tion , 
replenishing our soil and water resources. This will bring our 
lives into harmony with nature, improving our existence 
mentally and physically, a condition not possible in our 
commercialized capitalist economy. The book deals with the 
mental pollution of our people. and with its elimination. 

People hold jobs in the new society because of ability and 
interest in the particular type of work , regardless of national 
origin. . 

Ripley Grant, awakening from a 25-year bout with sleeping 
sickness, found that he had a egro doctor and a Jewish nurse, 
while a Mexican was head gardener in the co-operative. Thi is 
in line with our Constitutional guarantee of equali ty. He found 
in the health field very li ttle surgery or drugs being used. 
Exercises, sports, dancing, hiking, beautiful surfoundings-all 
were valued for health. The supermarkets had become centers 
of health education. and handled orga nically grown foods. 
Smoking and drinking and drug abuse were almost non-
existent. With the profits abolished, a great educa tional 
campaign had easily eliminated these factors from people's 
lives. With their working hours so few each day, they had time 
for special studies, travel , painting, sports, and other 
diversions that many of us would like time for now. The 
fulfi llment of their desires and personal accomplishments, no 
doubt, benefited their mental and physical health. 

Social Changes Necessary 

The authors show that big social changes are necessary to 
maintain our very existence. The person seriously reading this 
book can 't help understa nding that profits and the 
accumulation of wealth by the ind ividual are of very little 
significance compared with the life that everyone can live in a 
socialist society. 

This book is dynamic in its illustration of the vast coming 
social changes in our country. It should be read and understood 
by everyone. 

Terry Barak 

The ads are calling it a "collector's item"; 
the radio stations are giving it plenty of air-
time ; people here and there are simply soaking 
up the good vibes and energy radiating from the 
release o( the Jimi Hendrix Experience and Otis 
Redding performances at the Monterey Pop 
Festival of June, 1967. It is a tragic irony that 
both artist-at their heights of popularity -have 
died : ~edding in an airplane crash in 1968, and 
Hendnx from an apparent overdose of drugs 
just several weeks ago. 

Recording Scene Dramatic 

The scene at which the recording was made 
was a dramatic one : 50,000 music followers 
gathered on the lawn to hear a number of the top 
music acts in the world. The Monterey Pop 
Festival received nationwide attention as it set 
the precedent for the many rock festivals which 
have followed, such as Woodstock. 

Each album side is devoted to one artist and 
his group. Redding 's side contains some of his 
most famous songs, including "Respect" , 
"Seen Loving You Too Long," and "Try a Little 
Tenderness." It is the recording which best 
captures the mood and feel of Redding at his 
best. 

Attention Muir College 
TO MEMBERS OF THE CLASS OF 1971 IN JOHN MUIR 
COLLEGE : 

At 2 o'clock on the afternoon of Friday, October 16, 
John Muir College will hold a convocation on the lawn 
between the Commons and Tioga and Tenaya Halls. The 
purpose of this occasion is to honor you and to celebrate 
our having moved to our permanent campus. The 
principal speaker will be former Chief Justice Earl 
Warren, who has accepted an invitation to become an 
honorary fellow of the College. 

You were the members of our first freshman class, 
and when you graduate next June you will be the first to 
complete the full four years of undergraduate life in the 
College. These have been challenging years filled with 
achievements and some disappointments. Your part in 
our history has been unique and of special significance 
and value. No other class can ever be the first or 
contribute as you have. This convocation is one way of 
showing our appreciation. 

We hope, therefore , that you will be able to be present 
for the convocation and the informal reception 
afterward. Please invite any friends or members of your 
family that would enjoy this occasion. 

We wanted to send each of you a personal invitation 
but we would not be able to obtain your present 
addresses in time for that. Hence this open letter to all of 
you. 

To all others who may read this we would like to say 
that you and your friends are also most welcome to 
attend . Cordially, 

John L. Stewart 
Provost 

Have yo~ seen Cresci's 
new Party Plates? 

the fine arts store 
They are the instant success 
way to a good porty. Just 
pick one up, invite your 
friends , and sit bock ond 
smile at the compliments. formally 

(hamlins art supplies) '"'Iy '!.tl "An 
,.,." "la4 
col. d,. 

'lfly , .... "In 
II,ker 

complete line of art supplies Iwill ch.lI. I .. hor pickl. 
I,nn ,liYII 

",chini frila"a 
pIll""'1 

,.'a'a ,,104 

poster:; and prints art books 

, ... , 

custom and stock framing 

'n€w' poster cubes $1.98 

4683 CISS pac ific beech 

candles 

15% discount to students 
(good during October only) 

hrs '-S:30 m-f '-S sat 

.11 -5350 

TriM TiIMS Oct.r " 1970 

S 1.19 PO' pona. 
SUS fo, S ,..,1. 

"I. sl •• 
swiss (.mt 
" ... Iou 
Ir"- olifts 
,."." 

S 1.10 ,., ,.na. 
SUD fa'S,..". 

'1ft, PIIIO "Cn 

pIll""i 
.rli.hoke I,il."a 

,.1.,0,,104 
Iwiss .h ... 
,."." 

,.a .. I ••• 
oIiYII 
picklll 
"I. ,I •• 
u .... ,wilhIHh 
II Wn choos. 4,II.i .. 

51." ,or ,.'111 
SUS fll S ,..,1. 

( •• I,oy lIMo ., I.r IllS I •• 5 ,."u.) 
CRESCI'S C & M 

Deli and Restaurant 
7833 Girard Avenue 
La Jolla, Calif. 92037 

phone: "59·S 191 

Songs Nol Yet Recorded 

With the exception of " Can You See Me," 
Hendrix plays songs which ' he has never 
recorded elsewhere, including an electrifying 
version of Dylan's " Like a Rolling Stone" 
complete with hard beat and smooth Hendrix 
guitar (less reliance on feedback and 
distortion); and an old bubble-gum song called 
"Wild Thing," given new life by the imaginative 
Hendrix. On stage, it was during this song that 
he performed his later famous simulated 
intercourse while lying on his guitar and playing 
with his teeth. And, as a final gesture of 
emotion, he set the guitar on fire .) His later live 
recording of " Band of Gypsies," after the 
disbanding of his Experience group, lacked the 
style and force of the Monterey session. Also, as 
a historic note, this was Hendrix 's first 
appearance before an American audience. 

"Hendrix-Redding Live" is an excellent 
recording since it captures two of pop music's 
best in their primes, in moments of sound never 
to be captured again. 

Yeah,lee's get some 
young maidens 

and hit the 
BRATSKELLAR 

FALL FEST. 

Don't sit around thinking about it too long. 
The Bratskellar Fall Fest only runs from 
September 14 through October 15th. Great 
food. beverages, and atmosphere at the most 
reasonable prices in town. And for the dura-
tion of the Fest, you'll save a little money 
Monday through Thursday if you bring a 
date that likes to drink. 

bCflt6kellnc t 

Soccer 

BOOTERS BLOW BOUT 

Forward Bill Barlell doubles ball 
in game against Weslmont. 

The most suspenseful match in the UCSO soccer team's 
nascent career resulted in a heart-breaking 2-1 loss to 
Westmont College, one of the foremost soccer powers in 
California , last Saturday. To the home team supporters the 

matc~ proved to be a thriller , as the local kickers clung 
tenaCIOusly to a 1-0 advantage all the way to the last 10 minutes 
of the match. UCSD's chances of giving highly-touted 
Westmont a stiff challenge were considered minimal. After all, 
Westmont had recently placed second at the Chico State 
Invitational Tournament, had routed Redlands 5-0, and had 
given mighty UCLA a tough time. But the Tritons entered their 
first conte~t of the season with a great deal of pride, courage 
and enthUSiasm. 

From the first moment, the Tritons took the action to the 
Westmont side of the field . The visitors had trouble settling 
down, and with seven minutes into the game committed a 
defensive miscue, enabling the TritoDs to score. On a bad pass 
from a Westmont fullback to his goalkeeper, Fred Grunewald, 
UCSD's left inside forward , quickly capitalized on the 
opportunity and escorted the ball across the opponent's goal 
line. 

With the score 1-0, Westmont mounted a devastating attack 
which lasted for the remaining 89 minutes. On numerous times 
the local defenders, led by goalkeeper Ned Newman, made 
outstanding saves to protect the home goal. A t the end of the 
first half, UCSD found themselves in the jubilant position of 
holding a one-goal advantage. 

The second half proved even tougher than the first , as the 
Westmont kickers began to use rough play to try to gain the 
tying goal; The visitor's frustrations were mainly caused by 
the brilliant defensive play of Hugo Flores and Carlos Robles. 

Outstanding play in mid-field by senior Jim Harrington and 
freshman Francisco Lung prevented Westmont from 
penetrating deep into UCSO's penalty area. And whenever an 
opponent did get close to the home goal mouth, sturdy Doug 
Smith, center fullback, made key tackles. 

STAMP OUT ~ 
DULL DORMS • 
--v--~---... 

rll' I f III sil" 
4· •• 15 • • 1 $21 

MAGIC CARPETS 
tENTAL CARPET$ • OR la lNUS AND REPRODUCTION 

54121 LA JOLL A BLVD LA JOllA CALlFORNtA TEl. 4&1 ·1474 

Frank 
Scalfone 
2000 Song RepertOire 
Rock - Folk. - Country - Soul 
Tuesday thru Saturday EYvnlngs 

Tour the circuit 01 sounds 
Lennon. Donovan, Rftdding, 
Jefferson Airplane ... 
Tune up with. men who knows 
and has the touch 01 soul. 
Gel it all together with Frank Scallone 
lit the Gri nd Prix, 6th end 8 Downtown. 

~[nJ [REO!:{ 
"Whe" meaninglul fr lendlhlps be91n." 

L.und! ,t AM · • PM En\trt'lnnwnl .. OI' lnkl • PM · Cloeing 

With ten minutes left in the game the tide finally turned in 
favor of Westmont. Captain Doug Smith was ejected from the 
game after an exchange of kicks with one of Westmont's inside 
forwards . The loss of Smith left a serious gap in the home 
team's defense. Shortly after the ejection, Westmont scored 
the long awaited tying goal. With UCSO's spirits sagging, 
Westmont's spirits rising, and a little help.from the referee, 
the visitors were able to score the winning goal. The referee 
call~d goalkeeper Newman for delay of game after the latter 
was shaken up on a rough play. Newman was knocked so hard 
that his head band fell off, and while he bent over to lie back his 
bright red mane, the referee intervened and awarded 
Westmont an indirect free kick from eight yeards out. Ten 
Westmont players and eleven UCSO players crowded into the 
goal mouth for the ensuing kick, which was placed in to the nets 
by the visitors. A dejected UCSD squad heard the final whistle 
and disappointedly marched off the field . 

For the time being, the Tritons can console themselves with 
the thought that they played the best and the toughest soccer 
game of any previous UCSO squad. Already the booters are 
looking forward to Wednesday night's contest against cross-
town rival San Oiego State. The game will be played in the 
Aztec bowl and will start at 7:00. Come on out and support the 
Trilon kickers. 

View From 
the Roc 

I'm usually in a good mood on Mondays and 
Tuesdays, after watching a few good games on 
T. V. during the weekend . Not so today; I'll give 
you an example as to why. 

Just this past wee'kend , as I sat down for my 
usual duel of endurance with the boob tube, I 
was greeted by the fact that there were going to 
be four football games and two baseball games 
going on at the same time. 

At first I was pleased, for I thought this would 
be a sportsmans' dream , but as it turned out, it 
was a night mare. 

It started off with a football game at 9:00. I'm 
trying to forget who it was, but I think it was the 
4gers. At any rate I switched to the baseball 
game at Pittsburg. This turned out to be the 
highlight of the day; had I been smart, I would 
have turned the damned thing off then and there. 

This is when it all started to get bad. One 
network, the one with the colorful bird, had on a 
Ram game which I was expecting with great 
anticipation, but it turned out to be a boring 
display of awesome power. 

My loyalties to San Diego made me change 
channels; this time the magic knob found 
another baseball game. As the game wore on, I 
finall y decided to wa tch J onny Quest. In the 
future I will either try to limit myself, or do 
what any other loyal sportsman would do: 
flunk! 

. Runners Sludge 
to Defeat 

On Saturday, Oct. 3, the Triton Cross-Coun try Team ran its 
second meet of the year. 

The dual meet was 'a competition between UCSD and USIU 
(Cal Western ), with "non-attached." non-scoring runners 
attending from the San Oiego Track Club. Although the score 
of 22-34 gives our team its first loss, the runners are still 
buoyant and eager to try again next Saturday. Unfortunately, 
the scores do not reflect an accurate picture of ei ther the 
competi tion involved and the quality of the runners, or of the 
true ranking among the runners in the race. 

The UCSD line had no problem in keeping up with the USIU 
runners ; the order of finish and basis for scoring alternated 
between UCSD and USIU runners. USIU placed first and third ; 
UCSD placed second and fourth . This alternating pattern was 
baSically upheld throughout the placing, and for this reason our 
team has not been discouraged by its loss. The major break in 
!hi~ alm~st-equal match came when USIU captured the block 
of fifth. Six th and seventh to win the meet. 
The Triton team is buil t al nost entirely upon its sophomores. 
Andy Skief is still looking forward to a greater turnout of 
freshmen for this year's competition, though. Considering that 
these men are competing aginst runners much more 
experienced than themselves, they have shown remarkable 
resul ts and energy. Ed Avol , sophomore, placed second ; Sob 
DeLeonardis , an encouraging freshman , placed fourth ; Randy 
Twombly. sophomore, eighth ; Jerry King. junior, ninth ; Kirk 
Newell , sophomore, eleventh ; Clark Rosen, senior, thirteenth ; 
Steve Stieber, freshman, fifteenth . 

A cross.-country team built basically upon freshman and 
sophomores, and competing against many juniors and seniors, 
must show great energy and enthusiasm. The outlook is 
promiSing, and will increase as these men adapt to the fi ve-
mile course as apposed to the two-mile high school course from 
which some have just recently graduated. 

The Tritons' next endurance run will be this upcoming 
Saturday, October 10th on our home grounds at 1J a.m. The 
cross-country team will meet Cal-Luthera n, San Diego Track 
Club(S's), and La Verne College. 

Croll-country runners, struggled in sludge, for 
a 22-34 defeat. 

SOUNDSVILLE 
everyday low prices 

plus specials! 

RECORDS·T APES 
four stores to :i8rve you 

, 1231 II'." lve 
IIlCific '.Ie' 

celili' IY ••• ~ 
. 1 cej .. . Iv~ 

... ~itll 

TrltN TlIMs 

1114 Ii. , rt ••• 
Ie ... hie' 

hlh. ad 
I ........ W1 

cI.ir ••• t 

Omkr,.1.7. 



TODAY, TUESDAY 
-October 6 

Lecture-AMES Fluid Dynamics 
Film Series. 2622 USB. 12 noon. 
nOe of film- "Vorticity" 

Lecture- Chemical Physics 
Seminar. 2622 USB. 4 p.m. Dr. John 
~ Weeks. "On the Structure of 
Simple Liquids ... 

Sports-Basketball interamural 
5ign-up DOW through Wednesday. 

Clubs- UCSD Photographers 
Assoc. meeting at 8 p.m. in USB 
to3OA. New members are urged to 
lttend. Skin/SCUBA Diving Clubs 
meets at 9 p.m. in the PE 
Iassroom. For more info call 

Bert. elt. 2282. 

WEDNESDAY-October 7 

Lecture-Neurosciences semi -
oar. 1106 BSB. 12 noon. Drs. RegI-
nald Bickford. Danielle Vecchio. 
and Lee Stewart will conduct a lec-
ture-demonstration on micro-
flexes. 

Lecture- Marine Chemistry 
5eminar. 2145 Ritter Hall. SIO. at 4 
p.m. Dr. Bada. "Marine Sediment: 
Dating by the Racemization of 
Amino Acids. " 

Lecture- Physics Colloquim. 
Z722 USB at 4 p.m. Dr. Ralph 
Loveberg. "Optical Interferometry 
Applied to Geophysics." 

Radio--Dr. Philip James. Exec. 
Assistant to the Chancellor. will be 
guest on "Topic." Radio KFMB 
(760) at 7:05 p.m .• to discuss " Are 
Universities Doing Their Job?" 

PACIFIC HONDA 

Meeting-All those worried 
about pollution should come to the 
meeting of the Bureau for 
Environmental DESIGN in the 
Revelle Informal Lounge at 5 p.m. 

Sports-Basketball interamural 
sign-up until 5 p.m. Tennis club will 
meet at 4 p.m. in the PE 
classroom. For more info call Beth 
Josti. ext. 2282. Crew- All men 
interested in participating in 
intercollegiate crew should attend 
an organizational meeting at 7 p.m. 
in the gym classroom. Surfing Club 
meets at 6:30 p.m. in the Surfing 
Shack. 

Lecture-Dr. Grobstein. dean of 
the Med School. will be talking in 
the Revelle Informal Lounge at 
7:30 p.m. All pre-med students are 
urged to attend. 

THURSDAY -October 8 

Movie- Sumnernoon Series 
Sumner Auditorium. sm. at 12 
noon. A one-hour color film by 
Disney. "The Restless Sea." will 
be shown. 

Lecture- Astrophysics and 
Space Physics Seminar. 2622 USB. 
at 4 p.m. George Blumenthal. 
" Interaction of High Energy 
Cosmic Rays with the Microwave 
Background." 

Waljahead 
and all alone. 

FnMn WitlIbJ to Willi, 
Honda has ital. 

1269 GARNET - PACIFIC BEACH 
Insurance Available/ Closed Sundays 

PSA tel Is 
ucSan 
~ ~ F· San FranCISCO. San Jose Sacramento. Los es. Hollywood· Burbank. and Ontario 

So go Fr'bm San Diego 
Call your campus rep. 

travel ageflt. or PSA 

PSAlMS." a INt. 

TritliTiMs Od .... r6, 1.70 

Lecture-High Energy Pbysics 
Seminar. 3070 USB. at 4 p.m. Dr. 
Peter Ting. "Multiperipheral 
Model and the omega-trajectory." 

Sports-Basketball dub meets at 
12 noon in the PE classroom. For 
more information call Barry at ext. 
2275. Goll club meets. call Marj at 
ext. 2275. 

FRIDAY -October 9 

Lecture-Joint Marine Biology 
Departmental Seminar. Sumner 
Auditorium. sm. at 12 noon. Dr. 
Harvo Kanatani. University of 
Tokyo. " On tbe Substances 
Controlling Certain Reproductive 
Phenomena in Starfishes. " 

Lecture-Robert James Tait will 
defend his doctoral thesis in 2145 
Ritter Hall. SIO at 3 p.m. Thesis 
title : "Edge Wave Modes and Rip 
Current Spacing." 

Spo~Horseback riding club 
meets at 12 noon in the PE, 
classroom. For more info call 
Sandy. ext. 1260. Folk dancing on 
the gym main floor starting 8 p.m. 
Syncbronized swimming club 
meets in the pool at 10 a .m. For 
more info callBe~ Josti. ext. 2282. 

Movie-Friday Night Movie. 2722 
USB at 7:30 p.m. fifty cents 
admission "A Midsummer Nights 
Dream" and "The Red Balloon." 

SATURDAY-October 18 

Sports-Varsity Cross Country 
on the UCSD Cross Country Course 
east of tbe Central Library. UCSD. 
Cal Lutberan. La Verne and San 
Diego Track and Field Club B 
team. 11 a.m. Varsity Soccer. 
UCSD Soccer field (old Football 
field) at 1 p.m. UCSD vs. UCSD 
Graduate team. 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 

TIle Revelle CoIIeIe Art Prill,. 
wUl be ........ y Hi available for 
re.t to ..... ,. 011 ,..,....y ... 
FriUy from t •. m. 10 4:. p.m. 
Faeally ... I&Iff may rea' 011 
FriUy "'y. TIley wUl be 011 
...... y ill tile Revelle CoUqe Art 
G.nery (die etteaI"... tree ...... 
tM pa ...... lllto die Provost'. 
oIflce). Ally member of tM UCSD 
commuhy may reat tM prill'" 
ne HmiIIal fee cMriN t •• _ to 
matatail tile cellecU.. •• 
,.,nate ......... ,....t._ 

TIle ertctuJ ceIlecdoa 01 ,ria,. 
was pareIIa_ wi.. • ,1511 Iif' 
,tV" to Revelle CoUece by Mr . ... 
Mrs. Lyaa Faymu of L. Jolla lor 
t"ls .peclfic ,1T, •• e . Tile 

~ ... iIIcI*t .ri ... arti.,. 
RCII ., AlIIen. Lidtaea.teill. 
Warllol . ........ PelIock, BouanI. 
CIIq.U. Dafy. Matiue. PIca .... 
Min, UtrUlo, ... otIIen. 
ne prill" CD be reald for • 
qurter or for die iC:Me1lUc year. 
ne reatal fee t. 'I per ..-rter for 
,"a" ... I, te $3 per .-rter 
for facally ... 1&Iff. TIle later fee 
t. _ ... tM valle of tM priI'" 

All members of die acMemle 
commoily are lllviid to come by 
a .. "rei' • prilt." A little .rt OD 
tile .all may bel, make y .... day 
jilt. Uttle bric"ter. Bat _rry. 
tlley ,0 flit! 

DIVERS 
LOOKING FOR BARGAINS IN 

DIVING EQUIPMENT? 
CHECK THESE PRICES! 

$107 72 cubic ft. J valve tank and boot just $58 
$95 % II nylon lined U.S. Divers wetsuit $49.95 

$60 U.S. Divers Regulator $39.95 
lifetime guarantee 

$21 Arbalete U.S. DiVers speargun $13.95 
$8.80 Nemrod underwater combat knife $6.50 

with leg sheath 
$1.35 snorkel only $.79 

NEW ENGLAND ~IVERS, INC. 
3860 ROSECRANS ST. SAN DIEGO, CA. 92118 

298-0531 AerolS from Whit. Front 

THIS AD WORTH ONE DECAL PER CUSTOMER 

Catholic Student Center 
Masses each Sunday at 

University Lutheran Church 
La Jolla Shores Drive & Torrey Pines Rd. North 

8:30 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. 
Catholic Chaplins: Father Ed Donovan 

Father Bill McAmliffe 
Home 

Phones: 453-3850 Religious Affairs Office 
453-2000 X 1943 

Forty Navw ..... dIlWrea 
from die rnervatA. III Arbou 
wUl be vi ..... So Diet .... 
.taya., .t UCSD fnIII Oct. 1" • . 
eo.trI_doa are aeMed 10 ft.uee 
tMlr trip. Pleale eaII J .... Lett ., 
ext. 1451 or 755-GII. 

ne Americaa HI.tory ... 
la.dt.don exam will be ,tvea 01 
OctGIter 31 ., 1 , .m. ill die RL Alii. 
S"a'. wi ..... to tHe tM exam 
m •• t sip If by Octeber ZI III die 
AUlissiou ... RecJIlrU". Off~ 
or III Ole of tbe Provos',' Offift •. 

For free draft belp calJ Z7"' .... 
To llelp •• 1eafIe,. or for more 
'-formadoa cal Brio. ZZ3-II'1Z. or 
leave. me .... e at MlC: Z3Z-f1Zi 

. PEOPLE 'S FOOD CO-
OPERATIVE" .o. opel from II 
a.m. to II ,.m. daily.' .. S. ' 
H ...... y III III SoIa.u lleacll. 
Come cIIect .... low prices for ..... 
eat.! 

For free plbIiclty of .ctlvities 011 
CUIp4l' IIbmlt a IOte wldl all die 
detail. to die TRrroN 11MES 
office •• ateltiM to die IIOSIt 
tediea. DeMIbIe.: for 'heIUy 
etlition-FriUy. a' 3 , .m.; for 
FriUy e4iUoaa-WeUnday •• , 
1Z:.,.m. 

Classlfieds 
Typlq ... ExperiellCed 
'ypl., ... 'erm ,.pers. ,lIe.ll. 
EIec'ric typewriter. Will do n.1I 
jobs. 453-a35 

Typla, : Rea_ble rate. for 
.t.dea'. aad 'eac"ers . 
TlleIi ... . ETC. VeDcle Z'7%-1113 

Applications are IIOW being 
accepted for the position of Station 
Manager at KSDT. Any interested 
student should file at 250 MC a 
written statement containing a 
summary of his/ber experience 
and background. bow be/she leeS 
the role of station manager at a 
student-run radio station. and what 
ideas he/she bas aboot radio as a 
communications medium and 
about programming. 

Neat rille Ie 6 fnIII CeIIeIe Gnft 
Ie VaD. MWF, • CUIfII 1t.5. 
CaDLya .... 

W"": Sa.IeM Art. Call Gallery 
West-....... . 

open st,enday 

1-5 pm 
hunters books 

1505 .iflr~ IVI Iljoll. 

451 -3101 

The ASUCSD present the 

FRIDAY 
NIGHT 

FLICKS 
this week 

A 
Midsummer 

Night's Dream 
(a production of the 

Royal Shakespeare Co.) 

and ... 

The 
Red Balloon 

USB 2722 only 50~ 
7:30 p.lII. 

and FREE RECORD 
given away compliments 

of SOUI.SVILLE 
(every Friday nite) 


