
AS Government Deposed by . Right-Wing Coup 
Cor/ N.iburger 

City Editor 

The AS Council was toppled by a military coup at 2:30 
yesterday afternoon as Generalissimo Jim Sills led a junta to 
insta ll Karl Keating as puppet dictator of the Associated 

As military tanks, supplied to the insurgents by a grant from 
the Campus Studies Institute pulled onto Revelle Plaza. Jack 
Douglas pronounced himself provisional Chairman of the 
Academic Senate and asked insurgent troups to eize all enate 
files . 

tudents. As ousted President Mike I " Heavv" ) Palcic and 
surviving members of the AS Council fled ' to establish a 
government in exile at Mesa College. Keating declared martial 
law. established an 8:30 p.m. to 7:00 a.m. curfew for resident 
students. and abolished cooed room visitation. 

When inlormed of Douglas' move. deposed Senate Chairl)1an 
Gabriel Jackson told the TRITON TIMES he intended to ask 
for the creation of an ad hoc committee to study the situation 
and report back in two months. Acting Chancellor Herbert 
York told reporters he was entirely unaware of the 
situation. and in any case had " no comment" on the matter. Press censorship was immediately imposed by fiat. and all 

campus media other than DIME:\SIO:'<. which was declared 
the only official government organ. were ordered to cease 
publication. All Communications Board funds were confiscated 
to permit DIME:'<SIO:\ to be published daily in full color on 

Revelle Provost Paul Saltman pointed out that the crisis 
apparently affected neither the colleges nor undergraduate 
education . Therefore. he said. they did not concern him . When 
told the re~ime had placed him on a list of " person of slick paper. . 

triton ti 
Vol" .... Il, N,,"""r Z University of (alifornia, San Diego 

Academic Senate Reevaluating 
UCSD' 5 Departmental Growth 

Rose DeCosto 
Stoff Writer 

The expectation of "tight money" in the 
University along with a reevaluation of the 
demand for higher education in the future has 
drawn the Academic Senate's attention to the 
problem of a restricted growth potential for 
UCSD. 

Based on predictions from the 1970 Census, 
thetotalstudent enrollment at UCSD by 1980 will 
be 10,000. Gabriel Jackson, Chairman of the San 
Diego Division of the Academic Senate has 
expressed his concern over this figure . For a 
campus located in the third largest 
metropolitan area of the state, 10,000 is 
relatively low compared to 27 ,500 for UCLA and 
UCB and 15,000 which is desired for UCSD s 
total student population. 

of social sciences, humanities and art obtain 80 
per cent (120 out of the 150 FTE ) of the FTEs to 
be allocated to UCSD in the coming decade. He 
comments, " I think it therefore reasonable to 
suggest on the basis of this FIG URI G THAT 
IF THE UCSD faculty collectively would be 
willing to commit themselves to a statement, 
that 80 per cent of the FTE" .be allocated to 
social sciences, humanities and art, we would 
then have a viable general campu . ,. 

Jackson also has requested for growth in the 
new Department of Political Science and the 
proposed departments of Clinical and Group 
Psychology and Urban and Rural Development. 
For their growth he has listed 10 FTEs apiece 
among the 120 FTEs previously mentioned. 

suspicious character who should b ob erved clo ely." he said 
that the junta should "cut the crap." 

No word was available from the Third College A mbly. as 
it had voted to exclude all reporter from its meeting other 
than repre entatives of DIMENSION and Fred Schwarz's 
Chri lian Anti-Communist Cru ade. Reporter were informed. 
however. that this step wa taken to maintain th image that 
the college is being given a bad press. 

The coup was short lived. however. a by 4:00 it had been 
toppled by the combined forces of Diddo Clark. the Yippies. 
and the Anomal~' Factory. Commanding her troop from her 
psychedelically painted unicycle . Diddo shouted " hooray for 
our side" as her forces bore down on the retreating in urgents. 

Once restored to office. Palcic denied to reporter that 
anything had happened. He only commented that Sill " ha his 
head up his butt. " (Continued on page 2) 

friflay, Apri' Z, "" 

Within the next decade, UCSD may anticipate 
the addition of 150 new faculty full time 
equiva lent poSitions (FTEs) . According to 
Jackson, the distribution of the 150 FTEs will 
determine what type of university UCSD will 
become. If the present atural Science 
Departments were to grow proportionally from 
what they are now, by 1980 UCSD will have 
become an institute of science and technology. 

Even with the addition of 150 FTEs problems 
still emerge because present salary levels are 
inadequate, and no increase can be expected. 
The entire University system seems to be 
affected by this problem of restricted growth. 
UC President Charles Hitch, concerned that 
growth restrictions might affect the entire 
University, has appointed a University wide 
steering committee to discuss these problems. 
At the present, no UCSD faculty member is on 
this committee. For this reason , Jackson and 
the Academic Senate have shouldered upon 
themselves the question of which direction 
UCSD's growth should take. Even with limited 
resources, the Senate seems to favor building a 
general university on the San Diego Campus. 

Groundwork for the foundation of a Sigma Society for UCSD coeds was laid at an organizational 
meeUng last Wednesday in the Mandeville Suite. Although attendance was sparse, the women are 
bopefQl that future meetings may yield better results. From left, tbey are Mrs. Lyle Hansen, 
President of the Soroptlmlsts of La Jolla; Mrs. C.G. Quay, Co-chalrman of Youth Projects, Pacific 
Region of the Soroptimlst Federation of tbe Americas; Miss Pam Vojtko, Muir freshman ; Mrs. R. J. 
Cyr, Chairman youth Projects, Pacific Region SFA. 

Another route for UCSD weuld be to become a 
general university . Jackson seems to be in favor 
of this and has requested that the tI",,;lrllm,>n 

These TORREY PINES were liberated from Torrey Pines 
late Park by UCSD groundsmen assigned to landscape Muir 

Coil ge "by any means nece sary." Tbe trees will be planted In 
two week , "after w see wblcb of tbem croak," according to a 
ground keeper. Tbe proleterlan worker explained that ooly one 
In four transplanted Torrey Pines urvlves the first two weeks, 
'\and we wouldn't want to plant any dead trees ." More trees will 
be dug up from the State Park, depeudln& on bow many of the 
fir t bunch die. 

'Coast C ru iser' 
Bus Schedule 

Southbound runs leave Cliff 
Street and Highway 101 in 
Solana Beach at 7: 20, 8: 20 and 
9:20 in the morning and 4:40, 
5: 40 and 6: 40 in the Afternoon. 

orthbound runs leave rey 
Hall at UCSD at 4:10, 5:10 and 
6: 10 in the Afternoon. 

The bus will stop at : 
-Urey Hall (UC D) 
-Fourth St. and Camino Del 

Mar 
- inth St. and amino Del 

Mar 
- Fifteenth St. and Camino 

Del Mar 
-Coa t Blvd. and Twentl th 

I. 
- Twenty -fifth St . and 

amino Del lar 
- Via de la Valle and Hwy. 

101 
- Dahlia Dr. (Bank of 

America J and Hwy. 101 
- Lorna tao F (Plaza l.J 

and Hwy. lOl 
- liff t. and Hwy 101 

Th far I 25 ents 1n act 
change. Th driver will carry 
n chang . 

Th route and ' hedule will 
on tantly r . valuat d. The 

dflv r will acc pt written 
ugge tion to improv th 
rvic . 

To Del Mar, Solana Beach 

AS Bus Line Starts Monday 
Bus service between UCSD 

and Solana Beach, sponsored 
by AS, will begin service 
Monday morning. Dubbed the 
"Coast Cruiser", the white bus 
bearing a blue stripe and the 
words .. ni er ity of 
Ca lifornia " will make its 
inaugural run leaving Cliff 
Street at 7:20 a.m. for Urey 
Hall , with stops along Highway 
101, oa t Blvd., and Camino 
Del Mar. 

Il will make two more 
morning run at hour interval , 
leaving Iiff at 8: 20 and 9: 20. 
Afternoon run will leave rey 
Hall at UO. 5: 10 and 6: 10. 

harging a 25 cent fare , th bu 
will complete a one-way trip in 
one-half hour . 

AS Commi sioner of Student 
Welfare Steve Pomeroy, who 
was responsible for planning 
the service, cited ecology and 
concern for the environment as 
two reasons for u ing the bu . 
Considering the co t of 
operating a car , he ay , 
"there 's insurance for one 
thing, and these day that' up 
around 200 a year. In addition , 
a campu parking p rmit is 
around 0 a year. The e two 
items total about 5 a week . 
The fare on the bus is 25 cent 
each way or only 2.50 a week. 

In addition, Pomeroy notes, 
"One well-maintained bu will 
pollute the air far Ie than 20 
or 30 car who e driver zoom 
up Torr Pin Hill." H al 0 

sugge ts that .. in the long 
run". the need for parking lots 
would b lessened".Acres of 
land p(eviously de tined for 
asphalt coating would remam 
In their natural tate." 

The "Coast Crui er" Will b 
operallng on a trial basi thi 
quarter , according to 
Pomeroy. . 'Th chedul and 
tops will b am nded from 

lime to lime according to 
ugge tion ," he aid , adding 

that information i available by 
calling 453-EDNA. 

Pomeroy conclude, " hop on 
the bu in the morning and b 
a ured of arriving at choolon 
lim . The cruis r i af and 
warm ; th Wind , rain, and 
other danger of th op n road 
won 't reach you th re ," 

MD on Call After Hours 
at 4S3-EDNA 

Petitions for AS Elections Available 
at AS Office, 250 Matthews 



. 

• . DOCTOR IN 
THE HOUSE? 

'" - Rap session on suicide taking place on tbe clinic water bed. 
Opened iust two months 
ago, the Beach Area Free 
Clinic serves up to eighty 
patients a night from its 
location at 3705 Mission 
Blvd. It has the support of 
the San Diego Police, the 

Barbara Simon 
Staff Writer 

··UC O. plea e help u ... begs Dick Wei s. director of the 
Beach Area Free Iinic in an interview with the TRlTO\" 
TIME . 

All services at the clinic are volunteer and expenses are 
covered b~· donations. Weiss bel ieves thaI UCSD ca n support 
the cli ni c in other ways than Just linancialcontribution . 

For example. Weiss a retired \"avy Commander. would 
like to see UC doctors who are willing to volunteer time at 
the clinic. actuallv do o. He explains that at the pre ent 
time. universit~· ·mal-practice insurance doe not cover 
involvement with the oIinic . Only doctors who have private 
insurance feel safe to practice at the clinic. although no 

·Diagnosing a patient for 
meningitis, the clinic 
located 20 friends "to 
break the chain of 
infection" 

mal-practice charges have been made as of yet. 
Weiss wants letters of support from UCS D Medica l School 

departments. Health Sciences Planning Ollicer at the 
;\1edlcal School. Dr. Ruth Covell . sa~· s that arranging an 
insurance policy lor mal-practice at the B.A. Free Clinic 
take more than a leller 01 upport. She explains that an 
arrangement imiler to thaI between the Cnsls Cen ter in 
San Diego and UC 0 is necessary. 

A letter of support Irom an Individual department is 
adequate to cover mal-practice at the B A. Free Iilllc lor 
participant of tha t department . One example is the UCSD 
Department of P ychiatry which ha written a lormalletter 
to Dr. Moore . dir !ctor of Uni\ e rsl\~· Hospital. 

The letter exp a(ns that member of the d partment will 
recel\·e credit 1"1 tim pent working with th B.A. Free 

link'. Dick \\"el:,s a~·s that the members 01 the department 
are now co\·erpc lor mal-pra cllce at the clinic ·· The letter 
doe 'n·t guarante,> (hal [If'opl ... ·ill help"· sa~ s \\"el s . 

Dr L WI Jud I. \"Ice-chairman 01 the Uept vi r :;:;ChI3 1ry 
wa<; conta l' tcd t\ the TRITO:\ TIMES lor ciaritication 01 
hi s Im·ollemenl · Ifith the B .\ . Free IlIIic . Although hi 
department i i lttrested in undertaking a surve~· 01 drug 
probl ms 111 th ,an Diego area. Judd does not see the CIIIllC 
as a po ·ibl set 109. 

Wei s hopes tnat the P ~"Chiatr~· D pt will u th B.A 
Free lillie lacilitl as a s 'lling lor th sun·cy as well as 
lor proj cts with drug pati nt . The clinic now prOVides aid 
tor drug probl 111 in 111 dlcal. social. and I gal servi e ·. 
ACcordin to \\ I . a dramatic service OCCUlT d ' vera I 
weeks ago when the li le ol a drug o\·erdo patient wa 
sa\·ed b~· ei1lergenc~· trealm nt. 

Medical r\"le aI"(' a.allable at the B.A Free Cl inic 
Irolll ven to leven p.m. unda v through Friday. \\"els 
sa,· that th doctors ta'· until all Datients rece ive care. An 
average 01 eight~· patients many of them UCS D Iud nts are 
treated e\'er~· night. 

,. 2 TrifN n_ A"f 2, rf" 
. , 

Department of Public 
Health, and the County 
Medical Society. Clinic of-
ficials are worried, 
however, that the summer 
influx of ·young people 
may overtax their services. 

Over ixty Doctors Volunteer Time 
Th medical clinic director. Dr. Don Weiss. i in charge of 

the emergency room at lairemont Hospita l. Dr. Paul 
Brenner . who works at Uni v r ity Ho piwl and at a private 
practice in NorthCountl·. heads the OB-GY:\ unit at the B.A. 
Free clinic . Over sixty pri\'ate doctors in th beach area 
have \'olunteered thei r ume. accordi ng to Dick Wei s. 

Although the B.A. Free linic i ··essentia lly a medical 
ervice. we ha ve telephone workers keep aware that there 

may be problems other than medical.· · says Weis . Social 
services are a\'a llable Irom one to eleven p.m. every day. 
Four teams. each headed by a psychiatrist do the social 
work . An attorney and two law students give free legal 
advice ever:- evening. • 

The privacy of all patients is protected say Weiss . 
Everyone who enters the clinic for care i given a number. 
and confidential files are locked . 

Six months of planning were undertaken in the beach area 
to determine community needs before the clinic opened . 
:\ew ervices are planned as the need arises. One new 
service being arranged I a crash pad for drug 
detoxification. ·· We are delined by what problems come in 
the door .. · sa'·s Stewart Shaw. one of the clinic 
coordinators. . 

Shaw makes clear the fact that motives for establ ishing 
the clinic are not politica l. We are ·· not anti-
establishment. ·· he declare : ·· we just know that our 
services are needed.·· 

Clinic Has Strong Establishment Bias 
The B.A . Free Clinic is unique in that it has such a strong 

·· establishment·· bia . haw elaborates. upport for the 
clinic comes from the Public Hea lth Department. the San 
Diego Count~· Medical Societ~·. local uni versi tities I . 01 
San Diego law students I and the San Diego Police. 

A board 01 eleven communi Lv memb rs and ten interested 
Citizens and professional m it from the loca l communit~ 
plan polic~· and direct the development of the clinic. The 
idea for a commu nit\· fl·ee clinic came trom Dick Weiss. 
whose son graduated ·1 rom UCSD and now attend tanford 
i\1edical Schoo l. 

\\ eiss relates that he vi ited the I ree clinic which is 
operat d by the Stanlord Med Schuol in Redwood City. He 
lound the dilll c \'ery exciting. and sa~· s that the m dical 

IUd nts were ··turned on· · b,· their involl·em nt. 
Since his ViSil to RedWood itl·. Wei s conclude· that a 

univerSity hould take an ac tive part III developlllg free 
clin iCS. p cil lcally. h leel that"CCSD would benelit from 
invol\"ement in the B A. Free Clinic which IS within 
UnlV r it~' jurisd iction. ··1 can·t understand why D has 
not become invo lved.· Weiss a~·s . 

Chairman 01 Coml11unit~· Medicine at C D. Dr. Jo eph 
Stokes. gives · veral r asons for lack of involvement in a 
bn I interview With the TRITO:\ TIM~S . Dr . Stokes 
b lieve the I irst reason is that pati nts have be n attra ted 
to the B. Free Clilllc becau e it is ·· non·establi hrncnt.' · 
and that IIIsututlonal IOvolv m nt of th Univ rsit\" would 
br ing su plcion of auth rll~·. Therefo re conciud s Dr. 
Stok . iOl olvement should take the form 01 indi vidual 
etfort. independ nt of CSD IIIstitullonal ·upporl . 

Clinic in an Ysidro and Another Planned 
Another reason Dr. tokes gives for hold Ing back 

invol\·ement with the B.A. Free linie is that ornrnunit~· 

~:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:::;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:::;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;::,:;::,:;:;:;:;:;:-:.:,:,:-:,:,:,:':':':':':':':':':':1;~: 

~l~' Military Junta. . . jjj: 
A N :~: (continued from page~ ) ::~ ~ ~ 
::: A belated April Fool. We apologize to all mentioned in the :::: 
::: banner story on page one for any bruised egos and assure them :::: 
:;:the art icle was published with the best of intentions. :::; 
::: The caption on the Muir landscaping picture was the :::: 
::: nefarious work of our fun-loving photo editor John Zaller. The :::: 
::: trees are not torrey pines. although John still has serious :::: 
::: misgi"ing as to whether they will survive . Our best wishe to :::: 

~~~the gardeners . ~~~: 
::~::::;:::::::::;:;:::::;:::;:;:::;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::.:::::::;:;:::::::::.:.:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::~ 

No University Hospital 
administrator says no to 
helping out, but nobody 
says yes either. 

Medicine is already working in a clinic in San Y idro. In 
addition . Community Medicine plans to develop a clinic in 
southea st San Diego. says Stokes. 

When asked b\' the TRITO\" TIMES about an appeal from 
the B.A. Free Cii nic for support. Dr . Stokes gave thi reply : 
··Dick Wei s has never formally or informally a ked fori 
help .. · 

TRITO:" TIMES asked Weiss if a communication gap 
exists between the U 'SO med school and the B.A. Free 
Clilll c III rega rd to the needs 01 the laller . Wei ss replied Ihat 
·· it i not a lack 01 communication . Ever~'one just wants to 
wait.· · 

Weiss has approached admini trators a t Universit\' 
Hospital as well as adm inistrators at the UCSO med school. 
·· :\obody say ·no to helping us" states Weiss. ··but nobod~· 
sav ·\,e ... 

~1eanwhile. the B.A. Free linic continue to meet 
comm unity need . In addition to aving lives. the clinic can 
al 0 ·· break the hain 01 infect ion ·· sal's We is . An 
illu trallon is a recent case 01 spinal meOIngiti . The pati nt 
wa ru h d to Uni verSity Ho pi tal for tr aunent. and 

Competent legal advice is 
offered: "We are defined 
by what problems come 
to the door." 
twenty of his friends were located and given medication to 
prevent spread of the disease . 

$haring is beauti ful but not when you have a 
communicable disease., reads one poster in the clin ic 
waiting room . Sixty percent of the clinic patients have been 
treated for some type of venereal disease and another 
twenty percent for hepatiti s. tates Weiss. 

Love Goes With Medication 
·· We dispense love along with medication .. · says Weiss. A 

small sign on the desk in the front waiting room tells 
patients : smile, we love you. 

The atmosphere inside the clinic is friendly. ca ual. and 
family-like. A large donated waterbed provides comfortable 
and communal seating in the main waiting room . 

Couches line the two walls in the Iront room . One gir l who 
works at the reception desk comes in several times a week 
to help. She says that the clinic ·· is like my cond home. 
mavbe mv I irst.·· 

T·he voiunteers continue at the clinic because they enj ov 
working with patient . One woman who works in the 
crowded clinic lab. which also se rves as the pharmacy and 
emergenc:- room . is indistinguishable Irom th patients .• he 
works during the day at Scripp Hospital as a medical 
technologist. -

Since the medical clinic ex panded Irom three to six 
evenings. there ha been a shortage of lab technologists. he 
ays. Consequentl y. she comes in every evening to insure 

that services to patients will be adequate. 
Diek Wels and coordinator Stewart Shaw mention that 

they are preparing for the ummer when the beach area will 
be flooded with ,·oung people. The~ hope to provide services 
as a free emplo~·ment age nc~·. Food and clothing will al 0 be 
available as donations 01 both are coming into the clinic. 

Giant Treasure Hunt with Porposises 
Scheduled For Students At Sea World 
Sa turday April3 S-Il midnight. 
All students. faculty . staff. their Iriends and 
lamilie are invited. 
L50 per person 

Co t Includes the I ollowing : 
adl11i ·sion for one to Sea World 
Free tran ·porta tion down and back 
IIhe buses will leave the P.E. parking lot at 
i : 15 and i :45 for Sea World I 
Free parking lor private cars 
Free ride on the PSA Sk" Tower and ky 
Ride . 
All exhibit · will be open and all shows will be 
scheduled so everyone will ha\·e a chance to 
see all of them . 
Trea ·ure Hunt lull of surprises. 
(jrand Prize 
8-loot round water bed. 250-gallon capadtv 
donated b~ the :\a LUra l Environment I Wate·r 
Hole I 
Free boat trips to Los Coronados . dive trip if 
\"ou are a diver. dona ted bl' The Hustler 
·Free boat trip lor two to Los Coronados . dive 
trip il ~ou are a diver. donated b\' Di\'ing 
Cha rters. Inc. . 
Water Filter I flavor guard I. I:ompact water 

purilier from Culligan Soft Water Service 
and \\ ater Conditioning 
F?u r IO-Ioot brol-.en-in paddleboards courtesy 
of the . CSO PhYSical Education OeDt. 
DrlDklllg Water courtesy of Arrowhead Pun -
t~s . Sparklett" Drinking \rater ·orp .. and 
Golden Arrow Springs I\"ater 
Five Iree I ish and chip dinner I rom H. Sa lt 
EsqUire Fish and Chip 
T~"o Iree pa ses to ea World coune y 01 Jav 
\\ IIson. speCial e'·ent director . . 
Three an Diego Harbor Excursion on 
Broadwa\" Pier 
Lobster dinner lor two at Oceanlresh in La 
Jolla 

u torn-made bik ini from Boutique A Go Go 
DlnnN for t\\"o Irom the me nu at the Atlanti 
Restaurant. . 
Tl cket~---are alailabJe at the lollowing 
locations: 
Ph~· Ical Education Dept. 
Revelle Plaza 
[n Iront 01 the Matthew ;, Bookstore 
(jre\· Hall Box II ice 
\oon daih b\ the east ide 01 the :'Iluir 
Commons. 

---,----_ ... ,---------If y ..... It _ "" 
l.n_1 , therapeutic 

WATERBEDS 
~~~~ ¥ :~~b 

AIR FIlAMt:: 
KING 55500 SIZE 
__ I, ........ 51", 

The Waterbele 
....... 4212 
210-261 1 II C8feoo ...... 
··_···------01 

'" Ire i.t.,.stt4 ill _tor (,d.s 
WI ntH • (empus rIp. 

YR' lieu! 004 .. , ,,,," .~ .. Is ~, .... 
.... " .. fits! .. ,.. 
No phone (oils 

Stop in and see John 

?AC1r.C 
YAM~KJl. 

1551 •• r •• t IV' 
Icific ""ch 411·1555 

J Z~1tI'''eo1i 
2S( BEER 
entertainment 

nightly 
Silverado & Fay 

La Jolla 

If it hadn't been for the water, 
well have been just another pretty face. 

We found this old tray in the attic the other day. It's one of those things that 
make you wonder how you ever managed to get where you are. We have to give full credit 

to our water: the naturally-perfect brewing water of 'TUmwater, Washington . 
We certainly didn't get where we are because of our hard·hitting advertising tray 

top in and help UI celebrate 75 YearP in the 811mI' Localion. Olympia Brewing mpanY,Tumwaler,Wash. 8 to 4:30 every day. 'Oly' 

Two of Sea World's porpoises entertain UCSD students. 
Similar experiences are in store for those planning to attend 
UCSD Sea World Night, tomorrow from 8 to midnight. 
Admission is $%.50 and includes free transportation and free 
rides. 

Rf50 Ilrcej"ln f.'s 
p sych o IOK". bf>comin~ 
iUUf.t. phi/oJoph\ 
ch ild ren ', book. 
fic t ion. po.,r~· 
d.lip;ht 

L .. & Foreign 
paperback. 

jO\' 

EARTH.SONG 
BOOK STORE 

maKa:in~s 
pOSlers 
record5 

earth 

1440,camino del Mar Del Ma , 755 -4254 

I \f nlf ~1"'\1""hllf \ 
SAN DIEGO COMMUNITY 

*. CONCOURSE * FRI. APRil 9th, 8P.M. 
casual concert $3.50 balcony. $175 main floor 

metro agencies & concourse bo~ office 
titket1 .50( more show day. 



trit tilUes 
University of California, San Diego 

La Jolla, Californ ia 92037 
(714) 453-2000, ext. 1016, Advertising ext. 1017 

Haywood Gammo n, Ed itor-in-C hie f Jeff Fried , Business Manager 

The editorials .. pr.ssed below or. :fprov. d by the TRITON TIMES Editorial Board. All other opinions 
•• pr. seed on this page are those the authors whose names appear in the bylines, and do not 
nec.ssarily r.flect the views of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone d.siring to submit mat.riol to be published in 
this Mctian should .. nd it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Bloke Hall, UCSD. 

Campus Studies 
The Campus Studies Institute has a 

perfect right to function as it has been 
doing, provided that it does not violate 
the law and provided that it uses 
money donated to it for the purposes 
claimed. We do not know whether the 
organization lives up to these prin -
ciples since th'ey will not provide us 
with the pertinent information. 
However, we are obliged to assume 
that they do abide by them . 

We must observe, on the other hand, 
that acting within their rights does not 
mean they are effective or beneficial. 
Despite claims based on a very poor 
survey, we have strong doubts 
regarding whether Campus Studies 
really exerts a positive influence on 
anyone. Their mailings may appeal to 
people who agree with them in the first 
place. They are unlikely to change any 
minds. 

The mailings do point out that lef-
tists, among other people make 
unreasonable statements sometimes. 
Many of Campus Studies suggestions 
are more than a little far -fetched (we 
cite, for example, the pamphlet 
suggesting that faculty members 
largely abuse their offices). But we can 
only agree with their urging students to 
take constructive action for the bet-
terment of society. 

In fact, we urge them to practice 
what they preach . 

If (SI really desires to convince 
students that the system works, they 
should provide empirical proof. In-
stead of sending out thousands of 
leaflets berating people they disagree 
with, they might develop some ef-
fective program for changing the 
system to eleviate social problems that 
students would want to join . 

Campus Studies Institute has one 
other attitude which inclines people to 
doubt them at their word. That is their 
policy of keeping their identities and 

triton 

policies as conf idential as possi ble. 
They explain their position by claiming 
that their identity is irrelevant to their 
ideas. However, they apparent ly do not 
apply th is philosophy when they quote 
others in their leaflets. 

We argue not that ideas should be 
judged by the character of their 
proponents, but that people who are 
unwilling to be identified with their 
own views cannot think much of them. 
If members of Campus Studies In -
stitute really want to communicate 
with people as human beings, they 
m ight consider identifying themselves 
as flesh and blood, and not a faceless 
computer pouring forth an endless 
stream of pamphlets. 

In conclusion, we wish to assert that 
although we editorially disagree with 
many of their policies, the article 
appearing in last iss ue of the TRITON 
TIMES was not an attempt to berate or 
injure Campus Studies Institute. We do 
regret that because representatives of 
CSI would not meet with our reporter 
we were unable to answer many 
questions about the organ izatiori or 
present replies to some criticisms 
levied against it. 

Despite CSI Official James Lockett's 
protests, his organization is news . It 
mails thousands of leaflets to students 
throughout the nation . It has attempted 
to influence the opinions of students at 
UCSD and hundreds of other colleges. 
In publ ishing the article on CS I, we feel 
the TRITON TIMES has fulfilled an 
obligation to its readers to cover not 
only news but the issues and facts 
behind it. 

If and when more material on 
Campus Studies becomes available, we 
will publish it. We have notified CSI 
President Theodore Loeffler that he is 
welcome to arrange an interview with 
one of our reporters or to write to the 
editor . 

tiIlles 
News Dept 
Ed Boyle 

Contributors Photography 
Jon Fronek 

Editor-in-Chid .. lIa\ "'oo(\ Gammun RoseDeCOITO 
. . C I \ ' 1 Bobbie Fink City Edl lor. . . . . . .. ar . CI lit r/(er Jell Graham 

Managing Editor ...... ~1ikc "-I a~ e r RobertMilier 
Copy Editor . .- . . .. . Chu('k Graham DFebbkieph~lol. n.gomery 

. J ff L ' . d ron I IpS 8ustness !\1 anager . . . . . . . e ,. rt c Cliff Post 
Editorial Director .. Hanul Con trc ra, MorkSiegel 
A . C' Ed ' () J Borbora Simon sSoctate Ity Itor ... ", en o~ ncr John Z lie 

:\10111 Scl\in a r 
A ts Ed 'to . Tcr;\ Barak A,'is" r I r ..... .. . Saroh McKenna 

ports Editor . .. .... Hock~ Halfon Allan Sekula 
Phutogravhy Editor .... John Zaller George SOlani 

Arh Department 
Tom Beer 
Joy Gillette 
lorry Jo~nson 
Sorgun Ton. 
Ken Bornes 
COrti! RIC key 

Mott Hinton 
Advertising 
Deportment 
Mark Trilling 
Su,an Code, 
Molly Sel.in 
Secr.tarial StoH 
Steve Cohen 

Au't Managing Ed. Sheilo Calhoun 
Jot Eodern Co my Shorick Copy Deparlment 

Debbie Montgomery 
Production Gleno Schroeter 
Dove Buchbinder 

The TIlTON TIMES ., elf.c.olly recogniled and ,up ported 0' a "uden' new'pope, by the Communication, Boord 
01 the Univ.rs ity 01 Cal l· omio. Son Diego. Bu~ding 250, Mauhew, Compu" La Jollo . Colifornio 92037. Publico.ion 
is ,wice weekly on Tuesduysi ond Fridays . Offices afe located in room 117 , Bloke Holl , on the Reyelle Campus. For 
Adverti,ing phon. 4~3 ·QOOO , X 10 17 , lor ediloriol or new, phone XIO I6. 

~ . -

SoV1'f\ VI£ftJAMES€ 1'FZooP5) ~l.VSK~D wrr~ ' II\CToRY, 
l<~fIJRN 1'0 vier NAM p..~I~1< FOIJIIN6 \~( €tJ€MY 

IN A MoBIt.~ MAtJ€VVI:.I2 IN LAoS. 

"".4 ,,.,,.. n .. A"" Z, "" 

Muchachitos Orientados 
a Saber Comunicarse Y Amar 

-

Javier Correa Shiela Merrill Rosalia Uuhlbach 

A recent survey showed there are minority 
group children (approximately fifty-five) in La 
Jolla who have been deprived of valuable pre-
school experiences. These children have no idea 
of what school is like and unless they can get 
pre-school experiences, they will be behind 
their peers when they start elementary school. 

These children are from low income families 
where learning experiences and stimuli such as 
books , puzzles, and other educational toys are 
not affordable. Also, they often come from 
large families where both parents have to work . 
Consequently the children lack the personal 
attention and the adult guidance needed to 
develop the verbal skills upon which learning is 
based . Children from Spanish speaking families 
are especially handicapped by their lack of 
familiarity with English. 

To deal with this about a year ago. a once-a-
week bilingual program, known as the Chicanito 
program at the time, was started by a small 
group of UCSD students. The purpose of the 
program ha been to prepare children from 
Spanish speaking homes to enter kindergarten 
and elementary school, with the knowledge and 
experience necessary for them to compete on 
the same lavel as their peers. Hence. there is an 
attempt to make the children aware of what will 
be expected of them upon entering the formal 
educational system. And, most important the 
program tries to make them familiar enough 
with the Engli h language so that they are not 
behind when they begin . 

Dunng this year , the program , now known as 
M.O.S.C.A. I Muchachitos Orientados a Saber 
Comunicarse y Amar) , has proven successful. 
Due to the popularity of our accomplishments, 

the number of student instructors has doubled 
and the number of children has increased from 
approximately twenty to ixty-one. These 
children come from di [ferent commun i ties of 
San Diego, mainly from La Jolla, San Ysidro, 
and Solana Beach. Also, just recently we 
managed to become a registered student 
organization. M.O.S.C.A. with the hope of 
receiving financial ssistance from the 
University. Donations from the students and 
instructors themselves have constituted the 
only source of money so far . If we could receive 
more financial assistance the program could 
run more effectively. 

Also we are now faced with a new problem. 
Before our increase in the number of children. 
we were able to take the children on field trips : 
to Sea World ; to the Fair in Del Mar ; and to the 
Zoo. These are places where most of the 
children would not have had the opportunity to 
see for the reasons mentioned before. Now, 
since we are not able to take them on any field 
trips because of lack of funds , we are obliged to 
remain in one place. The building of Pepper 
Canyon School was the only place we found 
suitable for our needs. Our new problem is that 
the building has to meet certain standards of 
building safety. Hence, repairs have to be . 
made within a short period of time. To make 
such repair , approximately 500 are needed. 
We are not sure that the University will 
cooperate in this short period of time. Thus, we 
are asking for donations . If anyone would like to 
donate for thi purpose . plea email 
contribution to M.? .S. .A .. 1438 Chalcedony St. 
San Diego. ClIlif .. 92 lO9. 

It will be greatly appreciated . 

Beyond Racism 
Vincent Hollier 

For sometime now the fad around campus has 
been for little throw-away newspapers IYou 
know who they are) to become forums for 
chump after chump to trot out and whine'about 
the" ills" and "dangers" of Third allege. Like 
a pack of screl'ching harpies they ci rcle 
overhead vomiting forth a steady stream of 
slanderou ' propaga nd a wi th the hop and 
intentions of undermining and eventually 
destroying Third . 

When these ducks hit the school the \' hit it 
from every conceivable angle and with e~ery bit 
of low down, filthy dirt , their narrow little 
minds can th ink up . However there is one angle 
that seems to be their favorite and that's 
racism . Oh, how they love to use that racism 
bit. 

But what label as racism and what racism 
really is are about as different as being on the 
giving and receiVing ends of an ass-kicking. It' s 

. not only that don 't they know about racism they 
don 't know and could care less about it. Because 
to them racism is nothing more than a tool or a 
weapon to be used in their attacks to muddy the 
waters , to cloud issues. Although they attempt 
to project this pious image of concern for 
injustices. freedoms, and their sweetheart 
racism , I for one have never heard them open 
their yaps once about, for example, the 
America n Automotive Industry'S investments 
in South Africa . Investments that support and 
maintain that cou ntry's racist Apartheid 
sv tem . Or, If you 'd care for something closer 
to home, how about the massive racism of this 
country that made programs like EOP or racial 
quota systems (body cou nts, or even Third 
College necessary to ensure Blacks, Browns' 
and other non-White People 's a toe hold in the 
here-to-fore lily white colleges and universities. 
1. cou ld go on and on, but 1. think it's clear that 
these people are not concerned with real 
situations of denied freedoms and racial 
oppression throughout this ('ountr~' and the 
world . Instead . they will lay pallently in wait for 
Black 's to ask for admittance of more non-white 
students and Profs to this school or for Third 
College. their sworn enemy, to slip ever so 
slightly, so they'll be able to somehow cry 

" Racism~ Racism! Rev rsella i 'm!" 
But what lools they are. For a the~' do alIlhis 

yelling and raising hell . they are blinded to the 
fact that racism as they speak of it is dead ; 

gone. For as any goose can see. relations 
between progressive peoples has long since 
moved beyond racism, beyond this infantile 
stage of judgIng a person solely on the color of 
hiS or her skin . For lack of a better way to put 
it. 1. must say whites as a race are still. lor the 
most pan. hated th'roughout the world . But it's 
not how they look , the color could be blue or 
grpf'r It'S what they represent. It 's that 
chi ckenshit way of thinking that 's looked upon 
as the enemy. This is how you can get "Oreos" 
and " Uncle Toms" , non-whites who love that 
white way of living 0 much that they t(y to live 
" whiter" than the white man . They've been 
" whitewashed", they think ' White". Or, for 
example the few whites that break free from 
this strait jacket way of life that 's been 
drummed into their heads and attempt to 
become a real, living, feeling . human being. 

People are sick of this philosophy of Itmits 
that the vast majority of the white race has 
embraced .. I know Blacks are sick of it. Data 
Banks, smog-burning the lungs, pigs on a 
shooting spree, that almighty dollar, protective 
reaction. "law and order" , UCSQ. no-knock 
laws, all this and more can be traced right on 
back to that white way of living, that's not 
living. 

Things have moved past the minor leagues of 
race against race and into a clash of 
fundamental views on life, of change vs 
stagnation, of realization of one's full potential 
in life, the expansion of mind and spirit to 
cosmic heights, wholeness vs limitations on 
human growth through si lly and petty hang-ups, 
unnatural laws, and artificial order . 
fragmentation of the mind. 

These are the issues. And Third Colleg'e being 
itself an E'mbodlment of change, a 
prototype of a new and exciting con 'ept . stand, 
to make significant contribution toward ' the 
formulation of fresh new humanizin~ goa ls. 
Goals that Will spell the end to Amel Wcl as It is 
now known . I 0 amount 01 Ites or hall -truth bl' 
these detraction of Third can obscure what is 
now at stake. Blacks and other people 01 color 
have a job to do and that 's the job of building a 
system to replace this ob olete white one. As in 
the words of Fredrick Dougla , .. We must build 
to struggle. and struggle to build." TIll. we will 
do. 

Why Draft Repeal? 

A Draft Counselor's Point of View 
Dave Neptune . San Diego State College Draft Counselor 

From the per~pecllve of a They see the gove~nment. as the lives ot young men the draft 
dratt counselor Ilhl) has talked experIenced In their contacts has. It is often dramatically 
with hundreds of young men with the draf~ . as a n demonstrated when a you ng 
lacmg the draft. I d Itke to Impersonal. capricIOus. untalr. man. ror some reason. is free 
present some of their pOints of unfeeling I'orce compelling of the draft - even temporarilv 
view and reasons for draft them to do something they not - and the tremendou burden 
repeal coming from the e o~ly find di tas telul and that has been upon him 
experiences. dIsrupti ve. but they lind the suddenl\' lifts' Often he then 

Most ot the young men who whol system and its proce es suddenl~' realize how much his 
come in lor draft counseling going again t their deeply- life had' been dominaled b\' an 
hold thaL Ireedom to o~ga ni.ze held feelings and beliel about over-riding pressure of a 
their lives as they see ht IS lor lreedom and dignity and the formles spectator that seemed 
them stronger th~n their duty ultimate worth 01' each to threaten and determine hi s 
10 the state-/lartlcul~l'ly when indiVidual. The draft - in this entire existence. 
thel' see that . duty tied to process of forCing a registrant Overdrawn? :\0. [don't think 
what they feel IS a senseless into conflict with this 0 - not I'or a large number of 
war. they leel deeply that the governmental ystem - has men who come in to eek 
drall IS Involuntary servllude- tended to disillusion you ng men information and counseling 

1'I01aLl~g th~ l~th Amendment and their feelings about the about the dratt. 
to theConstllutlon. trustworthiness of the F'rom the poin t 01 view of one 

The students leel that they establt hment and ha caused dratt coun selor - even if the 
should be allowed to take. out a large . numbers to become reasons are taken just I rom 
year to travel or work II they rad ica lized and embittered. experience in working with 
want to, rather than be forced Are young men worried about young men in . thi s way - the 
to keep In school to al'old being the draft? Yes~ To the point of human pri ce 01 compulsion and 
dralted- whlch IS . a poor not being able to sLUd~' or plan di sruption that young m n are 
mOlll'a ll?n lor learmng-to say ahead or make decisions. called upon to pay i la r too 
the least. " Ulcer and nervou disorder great. and should not be 

The reasons lor ~olng Into th~ among dralt-age young men allowed to continue. Our young 
draltbecause " I~ I eX'pe~.ted cau:ed Irom worry over the men deserve a gOl'ernment 
and everybody s gOing no dralt are not all that unusual. It which is sensitive to their 
longer hold for young men who is remarkable and trightening rights and thei r statu ' as lree 
lodal tend more to think tor - the degree 01 control over men - and thi kind 01 
themselves and demand to gO l'ernment will lind men 
hal'e more to say about what COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK responding Ireely to its needs 

the~' do and how they do It. The - without the draft. 

LETTER 
Thanks Sills 
Dear Editor: 

We wish to thank Jim Sills 
for writing hi s elucidative 
article about Diddo Clark . He 
has thoroughly convinced us 
that Diddo Clark should be AS 
President. It was thoroughly 
fair and unprej udiced. 

Tioga Hall J House 
Ken Frankel , Frances Jenkins, 
Philips Carver , Teresa 
Gonzales, Toby Raphael , 
andra Tom, Kareem Malek 

Kaddah, Cynthia L. Moore, 
Jonathan Brown , Peter Jach, 
Dick Harrol , Diddo Clark, Fred 
D. Henderson, Terri Dietz, Ana 
Nogales, Ruth Baily, Roxanne 
Gilla py, Jim Charley, Kristie 
Hoyt, Debbie Ohsiek. Patricia 
Bennett. 

24 Hour Service 295-1787 

PRECISE INCOME TAX 

Ours is the best! 
Your home or our office. 

Special attent ion to students and 
foculty . Guoronteed to sove you 
money, Blue Chip Stomp,. Com. 
petent, professional , accurate . 

dra lt has lorced at lea st 30.000 327 F st. I,. ••••••••• .;; ••••••••• ~ I'oung men into ex ile and 
hundreds into jail lor their 
refusal to be dralted and to be 
part 01 a system which viola tes 
their conscience. 

The dratt is seen b~' young 
men coming in lor dral't 
Intormat ion as a major reason 
lor thei r estra ngement from 
the e tablishment. as 
personllled by the government. 

PAYS DONORS 
for services 
Tues. thru Sa t. 

233 - 8328 

INVITATION TO JOIN AN 
ASCORBIC ACID EXCRETION 

TRIAL SERIES 
A study is under way to determine the effect of long-term 

ascorbic acid ingestion on the rate of metobolism in normal 
subjects regularly ingesting large doses (1-10 grams doily). If 
you are interested and if you qualify please contact William 
Rhead. Your cooperation would consist in the collection of 
morning urine over a period of one to two weeks. Participants 
will receive a modest reimbursement for their cooperation 
($10.--per week.) 

•.......•..•..•.••..... ..•.....••••....................... 

QUESTIONAIRE 
NAME: ............................................................................ _ ...................... _ .. 

ADDRESS:._ .. _ ....................................... _._ ............ PHONE: ............... _ ........ . 
ARE YOU TAKING ASCORBIC ACID (Vitamin C) REGULARL Y YES NO 
IF YES, HOW MUCH PER DAY (INDICATE AMOUNT IN GRAMS): ..... _ .... _ .. _ 
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BUN TAKING ASCORBIC ACID AT THIS LEVEl? 

" .............................................................................................................. . 

RETURN QUESTIONAIRE VIA CAMPUS MAIL 
TO BILL RHEAD, DEPT. Of (HEM. 

RABBI 
MEIR KAHANE 

dynamic leader of 

JEWISH DEFENSE' LEAGUE 
A JEWISH CIVIL RIGHTS MOVEMENT 

WILL EXPLAIN 
THEIR PRINCIPLES 

AND PHILOSOPHIES 
MONDAY APRIL 5TH 4:30 PM 

201 Me ADMISSION FREE 

"ONE OF THE YEAR'S 1 0 BEST !" 
THE ONLY DEFINITIVE 
STUDY OF THE 
AMERICAN "SMOKER" 

ALEX de RENZY Pre.enh 

- N.Y. TIMES 

a hftory cf the 
blue movie* 
Almost os soon as the camera was inve nted 
it was used to make erotic movies . 

• CANDY BARR 
• SMART ALEC 
• THE NUN'S STORY 
• A FREE RIDE 
• ON THE BEACH 
• PEEPING TOM 
• TEMPEST STORM FOOT AGE 
• THE MASSEUSE 
• EVER READY 
• BITS & PIECES 

* IF YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT A BLUE MOVIE IS -
YOU PROBABLY SHOULDN'T SEE ONE. 

'0. MIN & WOMIN OVI. 21 

ACADBMy ...... 
3721 UNIVERSITY AVE 284-1000 

UTTLE FAUSSandBlCHALSY 
.PAlNTYOURWACON. 

~~~. IOIIIUEDfORD 
MICIIAB 1 POUARD 

little Fauss •• HAISY 

Watson Refuses Tribune Inquiry 
SUBJECT: Poll of Faculty Opinion on Third College 
Mr. Allan Merridew, a reporter for The San Diego 
Evening Tribune, is presently conductinc a poll of the 
faculty of UCSD to determine their opinion of Third 
College in preparation for a series of articles. As 
Provost of Third College, I have refused to cooperate 
with the poll because (1) the idea originates from a 
perspective that considers Third College to be contro-
versial news fodder rather than an educational in-
stitution ; (2) the poll would be heavily weighted with 
negative questions ; and (3) the running of this poll 
implicitly assumes that a rational evaluation of Third 
College can be based on a multiple-choice ques-
tionnaire. 
On March 31 , the Third College faculty and staff voted 
not to participate in the poll. 
As in the past, we stand ready to cooperate full y with 
the sound efforts of the Press to inform the public of 
Third College. Joseph W. Watson 

Provost 

REVELLE SUND RY STORE 
HOURS 

MON thru FRIDAY 8:30-7:00 PM 
SATURDAY 10:00-2:00 PM 

CHECK CASHING HOURS 
MON thru FRIDAY 11 :00-3:00 

THIS WEEKEND AT THE COFFEE HUT 

FRIDAY NIGHT 
KING BISCUIT 
BLUES BAND 

SATURDAY NIGHT 
PHIL.MARK.KELsEY.KEN 

GONE ELECTRIC 

ia 3JoUa 
·j~~tS 
4arktt' 

ZZ59 Aveblda DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 459 - 3465 

G'.(.".I, 
"'~I(', 
••• ts, 

WI •• & I •• , 

YACHTING 
SUMMER . 
POSITIONS 

The Ame"'dn Y d,hlmg A'>OClJ' 
lion wllh I"ling' on the EJ,1 
COd,l. We,1 COd,l , Gull Ared , 
and the Gredl LJ~e, I' ;olicillng 
lor ,ummer crew dppil am,. 

P O'1l 10n> arc available for 
experienced as well d> Inexpert-
eneed male dnd female college 
'lUdenl, and gradudle,. Expert-
enee m coo~lng dnd child care 
INy be pafllCularly helpful. 

Crewln g a I ford, one the 
opporlunlly 10 earn rc.",nab l. 
,um, wh ile engagcd m plea;Jnl 
outdoor actlvily . 

To apply lype a 1 page 
re;ume following a; clo,ely as 
poI,ible Ihe lorm ,hown below 
In April your re;ume Will b~ 
edlle d, primed and ;enl to 
appr o ~imalcly 1500·2500 
(depending on area) large craft 
owner;. 

RESUME FORM (1) name. 
addr",; (home dnd >chool), 
phone number. age. (2) relevdlll 
war. or recreational expenence. 
(3) date; available and areaf ); 
(4) 2 or more ,tud"nl w.;hmg 
to work togelher. I IC ndme 01 
other partie, ( ) olher mforma· 
tlon . 

S nd lour r.lum,· with 56 
pro,c;s i n~ fee 10 

Amrrl,an a .. hung A )O(.1.tlOn 
SUII " SC3. 0 I .>U un_el 1l1~d. 
Ln ngeie,. Cdld nia 0069 

our re)umr mu,l be rcccl\I('d 
no Id!er lhdn April I .1971. 

,,.,,.. n.s A,riI Z, 'fT' ,.. S 



/ 

'h~'''''' •.• yu . '. "' .. _ '. ' . • ....... ; ••••• " ............... ;.;.; ............................................................................................. ••••••••••••••••••••••• .. ·.·.·.·.·.·.·.·.W.·.:.·.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:.:-:.:.:;:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:;:.:.:;:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:.:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·X«.:·:·:·:·:·:-:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:·:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:<.:.~ 
.V·· .... ·· .. ··'Yo···· ....... ···• .......... -...................................................... -....................... ........... . masterful adaptation of Leo Tol stoy's :::: 

~ ;~~r~~~:~.y How I Stopped Worryinn and Learned mammot~~~~:~ ·forSPo~ts E~t~usiasts . ~~ 
::: t; Though most of Callforma s snow will be ::: ~ The inaug:Jral films in the Spring " Friday melted into slu sh and rive rs by May 21. ki~: 

~ Nite Flicks' series screen this evening. to Love the Fr,lday N,l te Flileks fanatics ~~ll delight , to see Robert ~~dford in::: ::: Tonight's fare are the farcical films : Dr. the excltmg mov ie of competitive Sk i' ::: 
::: Strugelove : Or How I Stopped WorryiDg ud ing- Downhill Racer. Showing with this nowy ::: 
::: LeU'lled to Love the Bomb, starring Peter Yellow Submarine, will creen in the gym on flashback. only Dorothy's dream sequence is in ecstasy will be an X·rated feature which cannot ::: 
::: Sellers in the role of a neo· " Fail·Safe " epileptic April 16. Come see the cartooned Beatles being color . the remainder 01 the film is in black and ye t be announced. ::: 
::: who becomes enamored of von Braun 's bab\' : bedeviled bv the 'Blue Meanies' and other white . Come see the film and giggle with the Perhaps the California snow may be melted. ::: 
::: and Take the Money and Run. starring Woody unscheduled 'bother omes. Munchkins. but on May 28 the West Coast. surf will :~: 
::: Allen in his visual polemic against the Chase- April 23 will bring Jon Voight and Du tin The heroes of two lost generations-the undoubtedly be makeable . If you re a sur! ::: l:l Manhattan bureaucracy . HoHman as the tud and the ensitive pimp in TwentiE's and th Sixties-will be heralded in enthusiast or just ~ike .the ocean. come see ::: 
::: Next Friday night the futuristic fantasy of Midnight Cowboy. l\'ew York is the city . The their most famous films on May i . The films. George Greenough s film. The Innermost ::: 
::: Stanley Kubrick , 2001: A Space Odyssey will be men e cape the clutche of the cit~· onl~' showing in the gym. will feature Rudolph Limits of Pure Fun. Greenough: champIOn ::: 
:;: shown. This exploration in cinema, spanning nominally. the city destroys. Valentino in his carpeted. caftaned tent in Son kneeborder. and orne say ?ne 01 the flOe t ::: 
::: from the hypothesized prehistoric to the The eternal truggle between Margaret of the Sheik, and Bob Dylan in his celluloid auto· urlers tOd.ay. filmed the enure econd half of ::: 
:;: hypothesized future merely thirty years away, Hamilton. the wickedest Witch ever to emerge biography. Don ' t Look Back. the 111m wllh a camera on IllS ba ck to give the ::: 
::: has fascinating perspectives about the. future, from the West. and JudI' Garland. as Dorothy. War and Peace viewers a chance to se,e what It actually I~k ::: 
::: and should be remembered for its revival of the innocent.ot-the.century. I wi~h Toto . In conjunction with the aturday .'light Film hke when omebody ndes a wave. and . since ::: 
::: Strauss' tone poem, .. Also Sprach naturally I will be recounted in the gym with the Series. Friday and Saturday Night May 14 and Greenough is such an expert surfer. the ride is ::: 
::: Za I' a t h r u s tr a. ' . A I so s h 0 wn at t he shOWing 01 The Wizard of Oz at i : 30 and 10 : 15 15 will be the evenings for the screening of thc double exciting . . ::: 
::: " Flicks" on the same bill 'will be a few special on April 30. Watch Judy. Toto. Ra~' Bolger and Rus ian epic. War and Peace. There will be two Free Finals Week Entertainment ::: 
::: hort lilms. friends escape from the nasty witch a they trot showings. at 7:30 and 10 : 15 each evening. The In the mire of the last final s week of the year. ::: 1:~ Yellow ubmarine Upcoming their merry way down the yello\\ paths to use of hyperbol in de cription of this movie the " Friday. Nite Flick s" eries will pre ent a ::: 

l!"" '::"'~:':PO;S~SI'BILITli's~::;::::~'j::::':'" ::';",~:':: .. ,:'~~~~~<<<.,~<.~~.J 
New San Diego 
Theatre Opens 

" Any thin G(les. " one 01 the 
tunniest and most tuneful 
mUSi ca l comedies In the 
history of Broadwa\' . is the 
premiere attraction' lor an 
Diego's new Off Broadway 
Theatre. 

Starring Dorothy Lamour 
and Sterli ng Hollowa). 
" Anything Goes " boa~ts a book 
by Guy Bolton and P. G. 
Wodehouse, revised by Howard 
Lindsey and Ru sel Crouse. 
with music and lyrics by Cole 
Porter. 

"Anything Goes" IS set 
aboard a great trans·Atlantlc 
steamship on whi ch an 
Amencan bu inessman has 
SlOwed awa\' . A bashful. selt· 
ell aCIng clergyman. who turns 
out to be no other tha n publtc 
enemy number 13. helps hIm to 
get on board on Impulse alter 
the bu ines man lalls In 10\'e 
with one of the 1 emale 
passenger . The humor of the 
plot shilts into high gea I' when 
the bUSInessman discovers that 
the pas port he borrowed from 
the preacher belongs to publtc 
enemr number one . who 
ITiissed the boat. Thl lorces 
hun to da h In and out of a 
series of disgul e -a satlor. a 
Eu ropean nobleman . a 
ChIne e . a unl\ erslt~ 
presldent- ~ntllthc entlr~ hip 
becomes a madhouse ollun. 

. An} thmg Goes ' \\ III run 
until .-\pnl Il. TIckets are 
ava ilable b.\ mati or telephone 
ord r. or at the 011 Broadwa~ 

Theatre box o(flce. which IS 
open from JO a.m. to 10 p.m. 

The next attraction will be 
Dana Andrews starnng In Nell 
Simon's comedy hit " Plaza 
Suite, " which open April 13. 
For more information, call 
235-6535. 

Ecology Art at 
Cal Western 

Wilham Ptaszynski Will be 
exhibIting paintings, drawings, 
and photographs at the Keller 
\ 'isual Arts Center 01 the 
Ca lifornia Western Ca mpu 01 
Gnited States International 
CniversilY, from April 5 
through Aprtl30, 1971. 

This exhibition Will l eaLUre 
recent works as well as works 
done in the past largely related 
to the theme of ecology. These 
works reflect the artist s deep 
concern lor our enl'lronment as 
well as the human condition 
and touch on such \\ Ide ra nging 
subjects as lamln • ero ion. 
and th deCImation of WIld hie 
and natural beauty by 
pollutIOn. Also included In th 
'how ,h'-e works dealing with 
our natural landscape habitat. 
and In pal L1cular with the 
interaction 01 land and water 
along Cahfornla's coa t llne. 

Thl exhIbition COinCide 
\\ Ith the national ubscnance 01 
Ralph ;'lOader's t::arth Action 
Week. being h Id In late .\prll 

Prol es or Ptaszynsk I has 
been on the laculty 01 til 
LnlverslLy 01 Ca illornia I r J1 
years. teach ing palnl1ng and 
draWing. II has ~hown In both 

FLASH GORDON 
MEETS THE LAVENDER DEATH 

HEARTACHES (1 0) 
TH ANATOPSIS (iI) 
CINETUDE 3 (6) 
PEOPLE NEAR HERE (12) 
HOOGE·PODGE ( I 0) 

FDrB Moil'S 
1818 GARNET 5""·4000 

TrIt." Times A,rl2, "" 

group exhibitions. in Cal il ornta 
and nationally, and one·man 
exhibitions. and is repre ented 
by Rex Evans Gallery In Los 
Angeles and Esther Bear 
Gallery in Santa Barbara. HIS 
work is represented in 
numerous private collection . 

The Keller Visual Art Center 
IS located at 3902 Lomaland 
Drive on the USIC California 
Western Campu in Point 
Lorna . The exhibition will be 
open to the public from 8 a.m. 
to 5 p.m., ;\Iondays through 
Fridays. 

Buchwald Drama 
Pok ing fun at American 

overseas involvement creates a 
a comedy caper in " Sheep On 
The Runwa y. " The play will 
open April 6 on stage at the Old 
Globe Theatre in Balboa Park . 
A lImiled run is scheduled 
nightly except Monday through 
;\Iay 2. 

Columnist and WIt Art 
Buchwald IS the author 01 
" Sheep On Th Runway." 
Amencan diplomats. CIVIlian 
aid experts. high·ranking 
military braS S and the 
secretive CIA are VIC urns 01 
Buchwald 's barbed prongs. 

ActIOn occ ur at the 
Amencan Embassy In a non· 
existent Asian mlnl·nation. The 
quiet neutral country is ruled 
by an Independent royal prince. 
After an inqUisitive American 
pohti ca l journali ·t vi Its the 

mall country. he disclo es that 
the nation seethes with 
revolutionary turmoil. Despite 
apparent calm , he senses a 
Communist threat. The United 
SLates government is alerted to 
the "crisis." An abundance of 
American military and 
economic aid is offered to 
u pport the previously Ignored 

country against invasion. 
Cooperation between the 

mall nation and the nited 
States nears collapse after the 
the activist daughter of the 
American Ambassador 
denounces the ruling Prince 
and organizes a demonstration 
to demand equal rights for 
women . 

Students through college may 
purchase tickets at $l.5O each 
to all performances of " Sheep 
On The Runway," except 
Saturday night or benefit 
performances. This is a 40 per 
cent discount off the regular 
ticket pri ce . Advance 
reservation are available by 
telephon ing 239·2255 after 
noon. 

Beauty and Beast 
In addition to the 'Friday Nite 
Flicks ' there i a Saturday 
night serie featuring foreign 
films . Tomorrow mght 's 
show. Jean Cocteau 's claSSIC 
fantasy BEAUTY A D THE 
BEAST and Fr ancoi s 
Truffaul's SHOOT THE PIA 0 
PLA YER, will be m SB 2722. 

IS VERY MUCH ALIVE AND WELL 

YOGA WORKSHOP 
MON 7:30 PM BLDG 2C RM 2523 

MWF 12 NOONATTHEGYM 

Held Over Thru APRIL 4 Students SI.50 (IX(. Sat. Iv •. ) 

THE KNACK 
Three modern youth$ compete with differing toctic$ 
to $Iduce a naive girl in this free-swinging comedy 

$2.50, Tues., Wid., Thur., Sun EVls. 52 .00, Sun. MOll, 
$3 .00, Fri" Sat. E ... el. S 1.50 , Stu . Ihru coil. " Enlist,d Mi l. exc . Sat. Iy • . 

cassius carter centre 
stage 

adia,ent'to otd globe theat,e 
balboa pa,k 

phone 
239-2255 

ofter noon 

FIRST WEEK 
GOT YOU DOWN? 

DANCE TO 
THE MUSIC OF 

EARLY 
MORNING 

SAT9PM·IAM 
REVELLE 

CAFETERIA 

SA TURD A Y NITE fILMS 
USB 2722 

7:30 and 10:30 
Jeon Cocleou's 

Beauty and the Beast 
& 

Froncois T ruff out' s 
Shoot the Piano Player 

Tlc"ts A".....,.: U,., lid In 0Ifk ... " tit. De.,. 
lOW lOW RATES 
D. RAKOW 
BY APPTONLY 
281·4586 

HYPNOSIS 
TECHNICIAN·CONSULT ANT 

SMOKING-WEIGHT-MEMORY 
NERVES·CONFIDENCE 

INSOMNIA-SelF HYPNOSIS 

,. 

ucs'o Recreation Shorts 
Women's tennis team 

Basketball MVP goes to 
Seniors Wilson and Todd 

and was elected as a member begins season's 
of the all-tourne~' team at the 

UCSD Swap Meet 
traders heaven 

Tennis club open 
doubles tournament 

by Mike Roth 
sports writer. 

" Basketball 11as been my 
whole life. l owe everything I 
ha ve to the game." So spoke 
Tob\' Kimball. pro forward for 
the 'San Diego Rocket . at the 
basketball awards banquet held 
last Tuesda\' at the CoHee Hu t. 

In his speech Kimball. the 
man again st whom Elgin 
Baylor scored hi 20.000th 
point. recounted many amusing 
ane<.'(\otes about his ba sketball 
career. ranging from his 
coli ge day to this last season 
with the Rockets. He was a star 
forward lor the Universitv of 
Connecticut and then \~'ent 
overseas to playa few years in 
Europe with some Italian 
team . Hi days abroad ended 
when he LOok advantage 01 an 
offer made b\' the Boston 

elties to play ·back·up center 
lor Bill Russell. 

He wa later dealt out 10 the 
an Diego Rockets. for whom 

he has played ever since. in the 
expansion draft. At th end of 
th banquet Kimball answered 

que tions thrown at him b)' the 
small crowd of basketball 
players and a few guest . When 
asked by Coach Cunningham 
whom he considered the 
greatest olfensive forward he 
has laced . he lound it diflicul t 
to make a si ngle choice. 
mentioning ' such names as 
Elgin Baylor . Dave Debushere. 
and Rick Barr v. When 
questioned lurther 'he named 
o car Rob I't on of Milwaukee 
the greatest all -a round player. 
and JerI'\, West of the Lakers 
as the greatest guard. Kimball 
played out his option with the 
Rocket this \'ear and is 
currently operaimg as a free 
agent. 

Earlier in the evening. alter 
a lightl~'-raw steak dinner. 
letters and award were 
handed ou t to the Triton team 
members bv varsit\· coach 

Ba rr ~ Cunningham and junior 
varsltv coach Ed Mulsol f. 
Fre hman Tom Bruice was the 
recipient 01 the ;\10 t \ 'a luable 
Pia\' I' award for the J\' team. 
Thr'oughout the sea on he 
averaged 18 point per game 

Cal Western Frosh Tournament 
at the end of the season. 

Dave \\·right. a JunIOr. 
received the varsi tl" Best 
Defensive Plal'er award for his 
harrassing defense throughout 
the sea on . As an example of 
his play. Coach Cunningham 
cited his perlormance in the 
Rhode Island ollege game in 
which he held Rich \\, il on. the 
Anchormen 's high scorer. to 11 
point . I \\'i lson had been aver· 
aging over l5 points a game. I 

Two var itv team member 
were co· recipients 01 the 1'10 t 
Valuable Plaver award . seniors 
Mark \\'ilson and Brian Todd. 
Wil son was lauded for his 
outstanding rebounding abliit~' . 
as he cur\entl~' holds every 
record . for rebounding at 
UCSD. Todd was the scoring 
leader 01 the Tritons. sporting 
a 22.4 point average at the close 
of the season and a high game 
01 38 point against Cal State 
Dominguez Hills. 

Th Varsity Team fini hed 
the year wi th' a winning record 
01 14 wins and 12 losses. The 
Tritons maintained a scoring 
average 01 80 poin ts per game 
a opposed to their opponents' 
i5. The team will lose only 
three pla~'ers through gradua· 
tion . Ai Woodward. Mark 
\\, il on. and Brian Todd. 

CAMPUS PASSOVER SEDAR 
FRIDAY EVENING APRIL 9th 

FOR MORE INFORMATION 
CALL 542-8994 

543·5844 
SPONSORED BY THE 

JEWISH STUDENTS ASSN 

"A memorable, heart·warming 90 minutes ... " 

"Who would believe history could be 
so entertaining and enlightening?" 

"1 hope you will replay your special so our parents 
might have the opportunity to see it." 

THE PEOPLE SAID IT ALL! 
When it ran before, a 
flood of letters and 
telegrams came pouring 
in almost the moment 
"Swing Out Sweet Land" 
was over. 

We've printed a few 
typical comments above, 
partly to remind you 
how special the show 
was, but mostly to 
make sure you re 
watching again when , _ . 

IN ··SWING OUT SWEET LAND" 

Thursday, April I ·8:30-10 P.M. EST ·IBC·TV 
(Check for local time and station) 

ANHEU SER·IUSCH. INC • • S1. LOUIS 

On aturday , March 6. 15 
men doubles teams and 11 
women 's doubles teams 
competed in epal'ate divi ion 
for lirst and second place 
trophies. 

Tibor Sa lar and Bill Yost won 
IiI' t place in the men 's division 
by volleying their way to 
victon' 6-l and 6-3 over Stan 
Amundson and Ralph Cla~·man . 
Second place \Va then played 
ott' between Clavman and 
Amundson and the' winner of 
the con olation dIvision. Mike 

ruikshank and Steve 
Dalurava , Cruikshank and 
Daluraya kept Clayma n and 
Amundson awa\' from the net 
to Win their ' second place 
troph)' 6-l and 6-l . 

In the women' division Kri 
Hooper and Linda LaBounty 
won lirst place b~' close rallIes 
with Helene Curti s and Beth 
Josi. winning 6-4 and 6-4. Jo i 
and Curti then played the 
winner 01 the consolation 
divi ion to win econd place 4· 
6. 6-4 . 6·2 over Mi ~. 

O · Flahert~· and Kellie Magee. 

The UCSD swap meet. 
pOl)sored b~' the Recreation 

Department. wa an experi· 
ment 10 provide a student 
ser vice. get people out to some-
thing di!lerent and to have a 
good time. 

The swap meet began at 6 
and b\' 6:30 there were goods 
covering the g:-m Iloor lor ale. 
Includ d were handmade 
candles. belts. boots. sandals. 
and headbands. u ed guitar. 
urtboard . ki s. motorcycle 

helmet. !Ires. lamps: ~'o u 
name it. It wa there. 

Manv comments were made 
in fa\'or of more swap meets. 
Probabl\' th n xt one will be 
held at' Revelle Plaza on a 
Frida\' afternoon. \\'ateh lor it: 
\1 you are marketing. be-
ware-UC 0 studenls are 
ha I'd I' to barga In down than 
you might think ~ , 

This ea on b gan wi th a 
surpri victon' at the Uni· 
verSIl\' 01 Arizona Inter· 
colleg"tate Tennl ' Tournament 
when Mi Kevan DIgnam of 
UC D won three matche to 
upset the seedIng and Win 
second place . 

The ma trhes in the an Diego 
TenniS League began with a 
match with ;\1esa College. 
UC 0 won 3-2 and the next 
week pl ayed Gr os mont 

ollege.lo ing 2-3 
Other schools to be played in 

the an Diego League are U D. 
Cal Western. outhwe tern. 
Palomar. and an Diego State. 
Girls pla~'lng lor UCSD thl 
\'ear are : Kevan Dignam. Lynn 
~1cClure . L\'nn Massman. 
Vick\' Fea w·., ;\1arcia Cook. 
Carol Hineman . ;\1i ~ ' 
O·Fleherll'. Kellie ~1agee . 
Elaine PlOetz. Pegi Struther . 
Cher~' 1 Dire. and Le he 
waine. 
The two main tou rnament 

the girl Will attend thl year 
are the Ojal and ' anta Barbara 
tournamenls. 

NOW PLAYING!I 

"Little Murders" is a motion pic-
ture written by Jules Feiffer from 
his stage play, a morality, of 
course, about this disintegrating 
society, its technical failures and 
its human breakdown. The mes-
sage is deafening. The evidence 
i s overwhelm in g. And riding 
through th is gr im program of 
presenl and future history are 
some of our best actors, assert-
ing their gifts with sardonic vir-
tuosity, like star surfers on a ti-
dal wave, 

, 

2IIIh Ctrotury.fOl Presents 

EWOTTGOUlD 
\IIIIAlD 5UIIIILUII .. "" .. "t~ LIJU MCIII .. "" Nd(t 

.. AIM AIIIII n "" Dot"' .. 

~ ... w ...... 
- ...... IIMCM tIOOO \'IIIJIl GMOOiI !ULIIl£TH IIllOI IIII111111£S 

,...., ~-.. -~-:AIM"",,,,'riARl\l:i:::7iN I_~JACK BROOSIIY __ jLlESmFFER .... ~ .... 

Eveni"9' ot 
' :00.' :00,10:00 
Sat. and Sun. at 

2:00.4:00,' :00,1:00,1 

CIlOlIIIlU. · 

IlClUSIVl lNGAGIMOIT 

What is at stake? The sanity of 
the individual; his identity and 
his emotional integrity; and final-
ly his existence. Yet all of these 
issues are either equ ivocated or 
warped out of meaning, so that 
the dramatic transaction amounts 
to having traded one form of 
madness for another. 
This is a peculiarly structured 
story with several implied cli-
maxes and endings in sequence ; 
and the final resolut ion needs 
you to see it. 
Several tours de force punctuate 
the action. Lou Jacobi is awe-
some as the judge who delivers 
a panegyric about God and the 
American way . , , Donald Suth-
erland, as a freaked-out liberal 
minister, is as sharp as a Dau-
mier caricature - or say a Feiller 
panel. And Alan Ark in does a 
scarred, paranoid police detec· 
tive to epitomize the occupalion-
al mental hazards for those who 
stand watch over the debacle. 
Director Alan Arkin certainly re-
leases an abundance 01 energy 
from his cast. almost to the point 
01 obscuring the moral equation 
which is set forth by author Feif-
ler, almost to the point of casting 
us adrift on a tide of fantasy. 
However, a critique of polish ver-
sus flaws can get pretty preciOUS, 
too; and wt at I really want to 
say is that p,oducer Jack Brods-
ky and Alan Ilrkin have created a 
major work cl motion picture art 
and that I an stili feeling Its im-
pact two full days later. 

-leonard Brown, 
Los AngeleS Free Press 

T .. ,.... .,2,"" ..... ' 



FRIDAY, 
April 2 
LECTURE-I: 15 p.m., Lieb 
Amphitheatre ; Dr. M.A. Baughm, 
"A Patient with Eosiniophilia and 
Edema." 
COFFEE HUT-9-12 p.m. King 
Biscuit. 
EXPERIMENTAL 
WORSHIP-7:3O p.m., University 
Church and Student Center ; David 
Yantis will lead a folk music 
workshop. 
PARTY-3:3O p.m., Coffee Hut. 
Alpha Sigma Phi sponsors another 
T.G.I.F. 

Dauce Classes-I p.m., North 
Balcony of the gym ; given by the 
Anomaly Factory. All welcome. 
THEATRE-2:3O p.m., 8:30 p.m., 
San Diego Community Concourse 
Theatre ; "Fiddler on the Roof. " 

SATURDAY, 
April 3 
MEETING-I :3O p.m., informal 
lounge ; Middle East Folksong and 
Folkdance Association. 
COFFEE HUT- 7-12 p.m. , Mark & 
Phil & Kelsey & Ken. Electric. 
CAFE HA 'AM-~ p.m., Revelle 
informal lounge ; there will be 

-folkdancing and folksinging-songs 
will be taught. Refreshments will 
be served. 
GARDEN PROJECT-IO a.m. 
Come help plant vegetables and 
flowers. See maps posted on 
campus for location. 
SILENT SATURDAY VIGIL-ll 
a.m .. in front of the La Jolla Post 

Office ; sponsored by the La Jolla 
Friends. 
MOVIES- 7:3O p.m., 10:30 p.m., 
USB 2722 ; "Beauty and the Beast" 
and "Shoot the Piano Player". 

SUNDAY, 
April 4 
SAN DIEGO OPEN FORUM-8 
p.m., First Unitarian Church, 4190 
Front St. , SD, "Changing Law 
Enforcement" 
SUNDAY NIGHT SUPPER-5:30 
p.m., several students Who are 
interested in intercultural 
exchange will meet in a local home 
to talk and eat together. 
CONCERT-7 :30 p.m .. Muir 20 
2250, Austrian and German 
masterpieces for solo piano and 
chamber trio, Free. 
BEACH PARTY-noon on- orth 
Torrey Pine , sponsored by Alpha 
Sigma Phi ; eat at 2 p.m., 
refreshments provided. Go north 
on 101 past State Park to top of 
bridge ; stop and walk down cliff to 
beach. Bring frisbees. footballs , 
etc. 

MONDAY, 
AprilS 

MEETING -7:30 p.m., Blake 
Lower Lounge . mandatory 
Committee To Free Political 
Prisoners meeting. 
LECTURE-4 :3O p.m .. 201 MC. 
Rabbi Meir Kahane of the Jewish 
Defense League will peak on 
Jewish Civil Liberty. 
ANOMALY FACTORY DA CE 
CLASS-5-6:30 p.m., north balcony 
of gym. All welcome. 

LADIES CONDITIONING 
PROGRAM- 12-1 p.m., pool patio, 
complete with p.xercises, jogging. 
swimming. and sauna, Sign Up. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Tune your heads into KSDT for 

far-reaching ,sounds-jazz, rock, 
cou nt ry. special programs. 
information on school happenings! 

Applications are now being taken 
for the September, 1971 , semester 
program in vocational nursing. 
Interested persons should contact 
279-2300 ext. 215 to take the 
aptitude test to be given in April. 

GREEK COFFEE HOUSE 
GREEK AND BALKEN DANCING 

FRIDAYANDSATURDAYATBP.M. 
DINNER FROM 6 PM. 

GOURMET SHISH-KABOB, STUFFED EGGPLANT 
TURKISH COFFEE 

GROUP LE£TURES ON GREEK MUSIC, 
£OSTUMES, INSTRUMENTS AND DANCES 

KAF ANA ZO'RBA 
6970 EL CAJON BLVD (NEAR COLLEGE AVE) 

291 -1578 CLOSED MONDAYS 

'Davis Camera S 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Pay 459-7355 

Trit." Times Apri' 1, "n ,. , 

" ... ranges Irom the brilliant 
to the merely excellent!" 

Ogar/ Berkeley Barb 

" WHERE THE FUN IS! ... six 
peerlessly ·matched jhters 
. .. delightful ... marvelously 
witty ... the most alert. clever 
and ultimately funny mate· 
"al The CommIttee has yet 
performed!" 

Eichelbaum /E. amlner 

SATURDAY APRIL 17th 
UCSD GYM 8:00 PM 

TICKETS 
$1.00 UCSD 

$2.00 OTHERS 
" The new show continues The Com· 
mlttee's tradition and reputatIon for 
beIng one of the wItt iest. ,nvent,ve. 
most topIcal shows around. wh Ile at 
the same tIme rema InIng one of the 
most dISCIplined performances on 
any stage. anywhere! A BIG HUR· 
RAH !" Rose /Palo Alto T,mes 

" The new COmmIttee show IS the 
funnIest ... reached Its peak wIth 
the takeoff of the Nureyev,fonteyn 
hIppie Dallet. Recommended lor 
anyone who enJoys good satlr"I " 

Rose /KNEW 

SCHEDULED 
AIRLINE 

A 

EUROPE 
c~lrlep 

JIiU~IS $229 ROUNDTRIP 
BOEING 707 

STUDENTS • STAFF 'FACUL TV 
.------------Phone 755-6253 
.. ", ... Brent Baker ... 
ADO_ ••• 1605 Forest Way .. _ 
,''' ...... .. Del Mar ..... . . 

TRY SLEEPING 
ON THIS! 

Straw, stuffing. sleet colis - gone for · 
eve, w'th the revolu(,qnaIY LOVESLEEP 
WATERBED I Invented by 'CI.nHm and 
recommended by leading doctors, the 
LOVESLEEP WATERBED use, na",r", 
finest cush ion water 

LOVESLEEP cradle. your every move· 
ment, molds luelf to your bod.,. comours 
- vet 9'''''1 perfect orlhopedlc support 
8100d clrcul,tlon 1$ Improved , pressure 
p()lnts afe elimlnlted, You sleep 5 hours 
Instead of 8 vel awake more fresh than 
ever 

Great for Insomnl,CS. morning back · 
aches. F,ntastlc for muscle ·sore athletes 
- overworked Sludenu Sensat ional 'or 
IDversl LOVIng on a LOVESLEEP " 10k. 
nothlnq you 've ever exper ienced 

The LOVESLEEP WATERBED IS made 
from strong, ultrasonically sealed , heavy 
dUlv vlnvl Malenals and workmanship 
are guaranleed for fI ... e vear~ LOVE 
SLEEP, pioneer manufaClurers of Water . 
beds, guaranlees vour satrsfact lon Or 
money refund,d 

MAIL ORDER SPECIAL 
SINGLE 3'3".7" $39 95 
FULL 4'6" .1' $4995 • 
QUEEN 5' .7' $4995 u 
KING 6'.7 ' 55495 J 
Free (," Polytovers Included POSI Paid 

Send me yOllr free brochure 

Send check Or money order 10 

LOVESLEEP WATERBE DS 
DIVISion of LighlrlYI, Inc 
3727 W~ln" t SI . Ph,I, . P. 19104 
Ndme 
Addle~~ 
CIty : .: State IIp 

CLASSIFIED~ 
For Sal. 

WATER BEDS Tran.lu.cent 
Guuanteed to Infinity. Wide 
selection, .ha.... and .Ize.: 
,'X7' King .Ize 134.SO. I' round 
161.50. t.1I 222·9175 after 5 p.m. 

(fJ 2) 
'A lETTER BEDI King .Ize 
water bed. $55.00. The Water 
Hole, 4212 EI t.lon Blvd., 210-
2611. (R) 
HARPSICHORD (INCOM-
PLETE) 
1 MANUEL S700 CALL 753-5471 
AFTER 5 PM W 2) 
CLAVICORD SlOO CALL 753-
5471 AFTER 5 PM (4/2) 
'70 Suzuki Trail 90, 11 h.p. with 
dual street or trail tran-
smission, top speed '5 mph, 
only 3,000 miles S250. call Greg 
at 755-7636. Leave mesSlge. 

(4/ 6) 

Waterproof, dust-proof, shock-
proof, burglar-proof all 
aluminum Kallmar photo of 
sound equipment case, a 
lightweight portable with 
shoulder strap. Regular 549.95, 
only S29.95. Call Mark at 755-

~o. (R) 
TAPE DECK-CONCORD Mk 
III, 3 HEAD, SOS, ECHO, 
EDIT_ NEW S200 OR BEST 
OFFER BRUCE 453-7365 OR 
LEAVE MESSAGE AT EXT. 
1995. 
FOR SALE -- ROBERTS 1725 
TAPE RECORDER CAR -
TRIDGE AND REEL. 
SELDOM USED IN 4 MONTHS. 
PERFECT CONDo $250 OR 
BEST OFFER. 233-4173. (4/6) 
FOR SALE -- HONDA 1970 
175CC HELMET, BATTERY 
CHARGER, NEW LEATHER 
JACKET $325 . CALL 453-7099. 

(4/6) 
FOR SALE 7'3" LA JOLLA 
SURFBOARD CUSTOM BUILT 
GOOD SHAPE . SSO OR BEST 
OFFER . CALL 453-6539. NILS 

(4/6) 

Housing 
STUDIO APT . SHORES, 
AVAILABLE FOR GRAD STU-
DENT ON LEASE PHONE 454-
7591 
FEMALE ROOMMATE 
WANTED TO SHARE STUDIO 
APT IN LA JOLLA. CALL 
ANN. EXT. 1466 OR 459-9006. 
AFTER 6. W 6) 
Apt . for Rent : Roomy 1 
Bedroom 5110 month. April 1st. 
Ca II 453-2768. 

FOR RENT . 3 BEDROOM 
HOUSE , LA JOLLA S225 
MONTH . UNFURNISHED, 
AVAILABLE NOW CALL 454-
1432 (EVENINGS), (4/ 2) 

Jobs 

Male students plrt! full time, 53 
hr. plus schollrshlp. t.1I 224-
2164. (R) 

NEEDED HOSTESS AND 
COCKTAIL WAITRESS AT 
THE JOLLY OX SOLANA 
BEACH . CALL 453-7380. (4/6) 

MEN of III trades to NORTH 
SLOPE, ALASKA, Ind the 
YUKON, lround 57100.00 I month. 
For complete Information write to 
Job Ie_rell, P.O. Box 161, Stn·A, 
Toronto, Ontario. Enclose S3 to 
cover CO$t. (4/23) 

Travel 
EUROPE: 1225·121'. Also 
ISRAEL and JAPAN Spring 
and Summer flights available 
call 755-3990 after 5 p.m., or 
write E.S.E.P.-UCSD 1217 
Beverly Blvd., Los Angeles, 
t.llf. (51 11) 
Europe Jet Charter FOght" 
Spring Spec"" March 30 thru 
June 15 - SUI. Plu. full 
.ummer program. t.n Leslie 
512-9091 after 5. ... (R) 
EUROPE"ISRAEL"EAST AF· 
RICA 
One way and round trip student 
travel discounts. SOFA agent 
for over 2000 Inter-European 
student charter flights. CON-
TACT: ISCA 1-1617 San Vincente 
Blvd., '4, L.A. CALI F., 90049. 
TEL : (213) 136-5669. (6/4) 
CHEAPEST FLIGHTS TO 
EUROPE. Charters throughout 
Europe, Asia, Africa, Israel. 
New York S151 RT. LAX I LON-
I LAX/ April 3-11, Eurail 
passes student i.d. cards, A.I.S. 
9056 Sitnta Monica Blvd., Los 
Angeles, 90060, (213) 274-1742. 

(4! 24) 
Europe charters. 50 Depar-
tur .. , also from N.Y., Africa, 
Inclla, Israel. 60% Off. Free 
Info: EASC, 323 N. Beverly Dr., 
Beverly Hills, t.llf., 90210. 
Phone : (213) 276-6293. (5/11) 
EUROPE CHARTERS. Several 
schedules from S250 rouncltrip, 
S150 oneway . Coordinator : 
Professor Margaret Pial 247 
Roycroft. Long Beach. 90803. 
213-431-2179. (4/24 ) 

Personals 
CASH FOR USED SOCIOLOGI· 
CAL RESEARCH DESIGN 
PAPER. BILL JACKSON. 283-
0416. (4113) 
IF YOU KNOW ABOUT OR 
HAVE ANY EXPERIENCE 
WITH GEODESIC DOMES 
AND BUILDING CODES 
PLEASE CONTACT JON 
MILLS, 4010 E USB OR 276-7135. 

(41 2) 

PARTICIPATING CO -
OPERATIVES IN DEL MAR. 
CALL JOHN DwAIS. 276-6016, 
755-3904. 461 -4349. (416 ) 

Services 
LEARNTO FLY 
FLIGHT INSTRUCTION FOR 
PRIVATE COMMERCIAL, 
INSTRUMENT, AND MUL TI-
ENGINE RATINGS . CALL 
BUZZ 411-0272 (4! 30) 
AVOID INCOME TAX HASSlEI 
Preci .. Income Tax Service 24 Houri. 
pur home, or our office, IaV. 
money,295.1717. (4/3) 
DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule . Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction Is the end 
product. Helen 459-"1 (R ) 
Typing - for accurate Typing 
on electric pica - term papers, 
theses, manuscripts, etc . Call 
Mrs . McCroskey 217-1607. (R) 
Typing . .. Experienced typ-
i.t. .. Term papers, theses. 
Electric typewriter. Will do 
rush lobs. 453-6I3S. (R) 
Income tax, FeGerat ,nil St.te 
returns preparation.. DIscount 
far stu. l1li , sfaH, and facultY. 
c.l1 w-me. (4/ oJ 

I. Your Auto Sick or Tired 
Try Jlme. Automotive 
American and 
Repairs and Pollution 
Student Di.count 7741 Helrlc",11 
La Jolla (In the rear) 


