
Books/Sunshine Draw Visiting Profs 
Barbaro Simon 

Stoff Writer 

"The greatest collection of books and 
pamphlets about the Spanish Civil War in the 
U.S., perhaps in the world," is located in room 
605 in the Central Library, according to William 
Watson, visiting professor of history. It is the 
Southworth Collection which motivated Watson 
to leave MIT for a year to teach at UCSD. 

Watson is one of fifteen visiting professors, 
on leave from as many institutions, who have 
been invited by individual departments to spe!ld 
one or more quarters teaching this year. (The 
program is different from inter-campus 
transfer, as the professors must come from 
outside the UC system.) 

Residence Fosters Interest 
In Watson's opinion, it is impossible to live in 

Spain without developing an interest in Spanish 
history. His own interest was heightened by the 
two and a half years he lived in Barcelona and 
by his teaching position at the University of 
Granada. At UCSD, Watson is researching the 
history of modern Spain and of anarchism 
within that country. 

Another topic of great interest to Watson is 
non-violence, and he will teach a course on " the 
History and Theory of Non-Violent Action" in 
the Spring Quarter. He describes non-violence 
as "action-oriented" as it brings "morals closer 
to action." Watson believes that non-violence 
can be a means of struggle to bring about 
change. 

For example, he mentions that change within 

the University can be achieved by faculty and 
students. One illustration Watson gives is 
gaining participation of TA's along with faculty 
in determining course material. He elaborates 
that both faculty and students must has a " real 
sense of responsibility for their ideas," a sense 
of power over selection of course material so 
that "an honest committment to the program" 
will develop. 

Education: Interaction 

Watson seems to view educatIOn as an 
interaction process in which people involve 
themselves in discussion. His most important 
experience in San Diego is a weekly discussion 
group on non-violence which meets at his home 
in Del Mar. Watson explains that it is a resource 
group, as everyone learns from the knowledge 
and experience of the others. 

Watson prefers to bring dialogue into his 
formal as well as informal teaching. Although 
his humanities class has over 190 students, he 
attempts to generate discussion. 

Dialogue between professor and students is a 
common feature of the tutorial system at the 
University of Edinborough, where visiting 
professor Ronald Mulryne taught for eight 
years. The tutorial group of one faculty member 
and no more than five students is where the 
" real learning goes on," according to Mulryne. 

Students "More Responsive" 
Although students at UCSD are " More 

responsive" in class, Mulryne feels that poor 

student - professor contact is one drawback of 
the campus. Inadequate lecture facilities on the 
Revelle Campus are another difference between 
Edinborough and UCSD. In spite of the 
classrooms, Mulryne enjoys the campus and 
comments on the "dramatic effect" of the 
sunshine. 

The Winter Quarter, with its sunshine, finds 
Professor Mulryne teaching two English 

Literature courses, "The Modern Drama," and 
"Shakespeare." Because UCSD students have 
more courses than the students in Edinborough, 
Mulryne has had to adjust to the study load 
accordingly. 

Mulryne feels that he has learned from the 
"broadening of teaching experience". He sees 
different methods of teaching at UCSD which he. 
can " capitalize on" in the future . 

William Watson, a visiting Professor from M.I.T., as be pours tbrougb UCSD's collection of 
manuscripts on the Spanish Civil War. 

triton ti 
Volume 12, Hum"er 1 University 01 Calilornia, San Diego Tuesday, January 26, 1911 

:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::::::::::.:::.:.:::::.:.:.:::::::::::::::=:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::.:.:::::::.:::::.:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::.:::::::::::::::::::::::::::.:.:;:,:.: 

ill ~d:;;C;iVi~O nvicted; Hi rst- I 
1'1 C'oston Trial Continuesl' 
iii F,.o' Phimp. because of a death in .... family. The def .... ::ii 
::: Stoff Writer and prosecution agreed to an eleven-man jury :::: 
::: for the remainder of the trial. :::: 
.:. Jerry Hall, a Muir College senior, was :::: l~~ convicted late Thursday of interfering with a After deliberating for two hours Thursday l 
::: peace officer in the performance of his duties. afternoon, the jury informed Judge Donavan :::: 
::: On Friday morning San Diego County that they were unable to reach a unanimous :::: 
::: Municipal Court Judge Roblrt Donavan verdict. Donavan told the jurors to try again :;:: 
::: sentenced Hall to two years' probation in lieu and fifteen minutes later they came back with :::: 
. of 120 days in jail. Hall could have been di t f 'It .. :.: aver c 0 gw y. :::: 
::: sentenced to up to a year in jail for his of- :::: 

~~~ feuse. Hall had previously served 10 days in jail ~~~~ 
::: Hall had originally been charged with the for con:.t!mpt of court because of his par- :::: 
:;:: additional offense of malicious mischief for ticipation in the sit-in. The University had :::: 
:;:: his involvement in last May's sit-in in Urey obtained restraining orders forbidding :::; 
:::. Hall. That charge was dropped in pre-trial anyone from participating in disruptive :::: 
:;:; discussions between opposing lawyers and activities last Spring. :::: 

the judge. The malicious mischief charge was 
the result of an incident in which Hall is Meanwhile, in the trial of former UCSD 
alleged to have broken a door handle in a students Bruce Coston and Jim Hirst 
struggle with police. testimony continued. Campus police officer 

Conrad Grayson testified that during last 
The charge on which Hall was tried, in- year's sit-in in Building 2A-prime he was hit 

terfering with a police officer, was also in in the mouth twice by Hirst. Gray said that he 
reference to the door incident. Hall was was attempting to break up a fight between 
charged with closing a door in the fifth floor of student Cathy Rose and a cameraman from 
Urey Hall which the campus police had Channel 39 TV when Hirst jwnped from 
designated would remain open during the sit- behind a blanket and hit him. 
in. 

Hall's trial was unusual in several respects. Revelle College Dean Tom Hull testified 
After testimony by prosecution witnesses, that in another sit-in Bruce Coston shoved 

:::: mostly campus police officers, Hall's at- him against a wall when Hull attempted to :::: :.':!""~:,,,: =.::J:~~~.t..~= =!::1'r=~t~.:~:~ ·:~l",·:~: ... ; 
prove that Hall intended to interfere with heads in order to avoid identification. The 

:.:\~.J po~ J-:;~~ec~~ diHU:e::~lusion, but ::~~~ed~anre~v~~n;" ~ !o:!~: :.:\:,;\ 
not without some difficulty. Halfway through could make an identification of his assailant. It::::«::~::~:,:::::,::::«:=::::,:,::::::::,::J 

Simon Attacks UC Investment Policy 
Carl Neiburger 

City Editor 

The University of California 
has been investing too much 
money in the faculty pension 
fund at too low interest rates, 
according to Regent Norton 
Simon. Simon explained to 
reporters at the Regents 
Meeting in San Francisco 
Friday that he believes the 
University admi .. istration is 
intimidated into this policy by 
the Governor's Office. 

" If they used a more liberal 
actuary policy," he said, " they 
(the excess funds ) could be 
used for other purposes. But 
they' re afraid they'll be taken 
away, period." 

Simon indicated the funds 
were earning only three to five 
per cent interest, compared to 
seven per cent earned by 
similar federal funds. To 
underscore his concern, he 
resigned from the Regents 
Committee on Finance. 

UC President Charles Hitch, 
at a press conference following 
the Regents meeting, denied 
that the pension fund was 
excessive. 

Simon also objected to the 
University's position on the 
incorporation of the City of 
Irvine at the afternoon se ion. 
He pointed to local oppo ition 
to the incorporation plan and 
articles in local newspapers 
which he said exposed it 
problems. He said the plan wa 
being pu hed through to give 
the Irvine Company a tax 
break. In thi case, too, he said 
the University acted out of fear 
of the tate admini tralion. 

Doing away with one year of 
college, one year of high 
school , or the entire concept of 
degrees in higher education 
wer topics di u sed befor 
th Regents during a special 
discus ion of th arnegie 

Commission Report entitled 
"less time, more options." 

Upiversity Committee on 
Educational Policy Chairman 
Professor Frank Andrews 
presented his committee's 
review of the Carnegie report. 
The review was generally 
critical , stating that "careful 
examination of the reasoning 
and the evidence behind some 
of the Commission ' s 
recommendations must 
produce a sense of acute 
frustration. " 

Andrews indicated that he 
personally felt that the senior 
year of high school should be 
eliminated rather than the 
freshman year of college, as 

suggested by the Carnegie 
Commission. In response to the 
commission 's proposal to 
create more types of degrees, 
he said, " If one is concerned 
with lowering the cost of 
education and eleviating 
human suffering," he would 
seriously consider the 
elimination of degrees. In place 
of degrees, society would " look 
at a man's qualifications rather 
than at his credentials." 

Guidelines for student 
newspapers were passed 
without comment during the 
afternoon session as part of the 
Committee on Educational 
Policy Report. 

ASU(R Pres. Resigns in Protest 
Corl Neiburger 

City Editor 

"I would consider a degree from this University a curse" said 
Peter Gautschi as he resigned his post as one of three Ai presi-
dents at UCR. He also indicated he will leave UC at the end of 
the Winter Quarter; he would have graduated from UCR in 
JWle. He annoWlced his resignation at the UC Regents Meeting 
in San Francisco on Friday. 

Gautschi was resigning in protest against continued UC in-
volvement with the nuclear radiation laboratories at Uvermore 
and Los Alamos. 

"Through these two laboratories," Gautsdu said, "the Uni-
versity of California bears the total national ,'esponsibility for 
developing the nation's nuclear and thermo-nu 'lear weapons in 
response to the Department of Defense. 'Ihe University's 
responsibility appliE's to the design, development, and manu-
facture of these weapons. One-fourth c U:'u '~ :dt! bud \:~ 
goes to nuclear weapons work at these laboratorie ." 

Gautschi cited the recent Academic Senate vote advising the 
Regents to continue contracts with the federal government to 
operate these labs as the deciding factor in his resignation. He 
also stated that while the two raruation laboratorie are 
"financially obe ,'and as well liar not open to taxpayers, 
students, and most faculty ," the campuse are "starving." 

(CODUDUed 01 page %) 



Chemistry Prof to Head APS 
Dr. Joseph E. Mayer, professor of chemistry here, has been 

elected vice-president of the American Physical Society. 
Mayer's election to the post means he automatically will 
become president of the society next year. 

The American rhysical Society, founded in 1899, has over 
26,000 members nationwide and its headquarters in New York 
City. Members include educators, industrial and governmental 
research workers, and students in physics and related fields. 

Dr. Mayer has received numerous honors, and last year was 
cited by the American Chemical Society for "outstanding 
achievement in the teaching of chemistry." Mayer's principal 
research interests have been in quantum mechanics and 
statistical mechanics applied to chemical systems. 

Dr. Mayer, a member of the UCSD faculty since 1960 and 
currently on sabbatical, will teach Chemistry 204 (Statistical 
Mechanics) next quarter. His wife is Dr. Maria Goeppert 
Mayer, UCSD professor of physics and a 1963 Nobel Prize 
winner. 

Inrlalion Strike Again 
Recently it was noted in these pages that the price of machine 

drinks was to go up to 20 cents. Last week the Servomation 
contractors met with William Borsari, administrator of 
Auxiliary Enterprises, and negotiated a rise in the price of cold 
canned drinks from 15 to 20 cents and in the price of cupped cold 
drinks from 10 to 15 cents, effective Jan. 25. Also considered 
were some location and selection changes in machines. 

And on the Night Scene.,. 

The UCSD Extension class on the Radical Press held a very 
lively (or shall we say, gay) meeting, Wednesday night with 
representatives of the homosexual press in Berkeley . GAY 
SUNSHINE and THE ADVOCATE newspapers were presented, 

b~t the audience appeared to be more interested in probing the 
mmds of the two gay men present, one of whom was quite 
':dressed up." At one point the discussion led to a volatile ques· 
tlOning of one of the men about the seriousness of his move· 
ment's commitment to a Third World or revolutionary 
movement. 

PACIFIC HONDA WalJaheaci 
and aO alone. 

From Wight1J to WiN. 
Honda has it all. 

Pacific Honda-1277 Garnel 
272-55] I 

New Heritage Theater 
presents 

"The New Blaclc Croole" 
Book and lyrics 

by 
George Szanto 

place 

Music 
by 

John Garvey 

Mayall Hall Theater 
Southwe~tern College 

Time: Jon. 26·30 at 8:30 P.M. 

___ :--::-::-_I_' S __ ...:lJ~ , ".~ , ..... ~, 2:J 
La J.llo "-• ·ct. I.W. COLLIGI 

. "-i via Vista 

Tickets on Sale at 
the Urey Hall Box Office 

P.ge 2 Triton Times J.nu.ry 26,1971 

USA Unsafe 

Computer Specialist Unplugs ABM 
Don Greene 
Stoff Writer 

circulating a petition urging abolition of the system which now 
has over 500 signatures. Still, this issue has yet to come to the 

Daniel D. McCracken, spokesman for the Computer 
Professionals, sincerely believes that the ABM computer 
system will not work. He presented his beliefs to a small 
audience in the Humanities Auditorium late Friday afternoon. 

Through his years of computer experience, McCracken has 
noted the errors inherent in computer systems. The lesson that 
he has learned with computers Is that they are a complex inter· 
active system which can be perfected only through trial-and· 
error use. It is McCracken's belief that under such conditions 
the computer system always fouls up. Evidence to support this 
fact is borne out by a $100 million IBM computer unit that the 
TWA and United Airlines were using-S,OOO programming 
errors were found in it. 

Such failures have made McCracken distrust computers. He 
noted further that on October 5, 1960, the ABM computer system 
detected what appeared to be a threatening Russian missile in 
the atmosphere. It was fortunate that this mistake was 
discovered in time. 

He indicated that the major goal of the Safeguard ABM 
system is to increase by a small fraction the number of Ameri· 
can missiles that might survive a pre~mptive attack. He em· 
phatically declared, " If the Russians want to blow up New York 
(or any other city), they can." All the Minuteman missiles, 
Polaris submarines, and B-S2's wWch are concentrated in 12 
installations in the northern part of the country are therefore, in 
his opinion, not fully protecting us with their $20 billion com· 
puter system. Daniel D. McCracken 

McCracken has been actively seeking the cancellation of the 
ABM computer system. He has told the Defense Department 
that he "can't see spending $20 billion for a computer system if 
you're not sure whether it will work or not." A spokesman of the 
Defense Department gave him the only rebuttal he has ever 
heard. McCracken derisively revealed that the gist of it was, 
"The Defense Department knew that it was an extremely tough 
job, but they (the army) were real good at managing tough jobs. 
They were going to do it anyway." 

President Resigns .. 
(continued from page 1) 

Also, McCracken brought out the fact that the Apollo launches 
worked because they went through the evolutionary process 
required for their computer system to be successful. The advan· 
tage of an evolutionary process is that the computer's mistakes 
can be rectified in a step-by.step manner. 

With his humanistic concerns, McCracken is trying to muster 
support for his goal of abandoning the ABM computer system. 
He will testify before a Senate committee; he is sponsoring an 
essay contest on "Computers and Automation: " and finally he is 

Academic Council VicH:hairman Paul Zinner told the 
Regents later that afternoon that he took "great pride" in the 
restraint exercised by the faculty in a "highly charged at· 
mosphere." He characterized the vote of 2279 to 1712 in favor of 
continuing the Defense Department contract us "a responsible 
action." (The faculty also voted 2809 to 984 in favor of modifying 
the contract according to the recommendations of a faculty 
special committee studying the laboratories.) 

When shown a copy of Gautschi 's statement, Zinner said, 
"Clearly he, as anyone else, is fully entitled to his views and his 
expression of them." Zinner observed, however, that the cost of 
the laboratories is paid fully by the federal government. 

World Service 
through the 

Power of Thought 
An invitation to men and women of goodwill 

We are l iving in. one Of the great. crisis ~ras in ~II human history. Issues of peace and war, poverty and 
abundance, of rac,al , polit ical and ,ndustroal confhct face us on every side. Relig ious divis ions and the clash 
between age and youth are l ikewise prom inent, and underlying all is the basic conflict between material and 
sp ir itual values. between self ·interest and world service. 

And yet there is a universal recognition that mankind is entering a New Age. Science has made the world 
one and human knowledge and Intell igence are greater than ever before. Countless movements based on 
goodwill are attempt ing to create a better world and there Is a growing recognition of humanity's essential 
un ity . 

Th~ decisive question today is whether humanity can solve Its problems before they get out of control. The 
race IS on for the future of mankind and only the men and women of goodwill in the world can guarantee a 
successful outcome. How therefore can the men and women of goodwill combine their strength in a united 
world service in these critical times? 

Men have the power. through focussed united Invocation to affect world events. The massed thought power 
of the men and women of goodwill can create a channel of commun icat ion between " God" and man through 
wh ich spiritual ~ cen flow to heel end rebu ild a troubled world . It is this power. properly used and 
direc ted. that c~umanity's "savlng force" . 

For a number of years Trian\lles has been working to mobilise "and unite the thought power of men and 
women Of goodw,ll. The method ,s very Simple. Three people agree to unite ment.lly each day to invoke the 
power of light and goodwill in serv ice to humanity. They form a triangle, the universal symbol of divinity. 
-each member of a triangle can form other triangles. and in this way a network of enlightened thought and 
goodwill encompasses the earth . The network of triangles thus formed : -

. . provides a channel for the circulation of construct ive thought 

.. Is a meansof transforming the spiritual climateof the planet 
... Is a medium for the distribut ion of sp iritual energies, lifting and tranSform ing humen life and 
consciousness . 

. T<?day men and wO.men of goodwill of every religion and philosophy. end every race and political con. 
YlCt,on. are workino on the Triangles network, finding a unity In prayer and Invocallon that transcj!nds all 
differences of outer belief . Will yOU find two others to join with you In this world service? 

The world h.U a spiritual destiny. Behind evolut ion there is an abiding purpose, which we can call the Plan 
of God . Th.e d,v,ne Plan ~an only .wor.k .out through human ity . Each ot us is responsible for understanding II. 
and for do,ng all we can 'n our da,ly I,v,ng to eKpress 115 mean ing and significance. 

TRIANGLES 

THE GREAT INVOCATION 
.. . embodles these thoughts In a dynamic way. and is used every day by Tr iangles members as a world 
prayer . 

From the point of Light within the Mind of God 
Let light stream forth Into the minds of men . 

Let Light descend on Earth . 

From the point of Love within the Heart of God 
Let Loye stream forth into the h .. rts of men . 

May Christ return to Earth. 

From the centre where the Will of God is known 
Let purpose guide the lilt Ie wills of men-

The purpose which the Masters know and serye. 

From the centre which we calilhe race of men 
Let the Plan of Love and Light work out. 

And may il seal the door where eyil dwells. 

Let Light and Love and Power reltore the Plan on elrlh . 

The beauty and strength of Ih ls invocation lies In Its simpliCity, and In lis expression of certeln truths WhiCh 
al l men Innately and no~mally accepl. Many relig ions believe In a World Teacher. knowing him under SUCh 
names as The Lord Ma,treya. KriShna. Iman Mahdl and the Messleh and these terms are used In some 
Hindu. Muslim. Bucdh isl8nd Jewish versions of the Great Invocation. 

American Headquarters 
16. United Nallons Plaza 
Suite 56H 
New YOrk. N. Y. 
U.S.A. 10011 

. 

fOr further informet ion & prayer mantrans wr i te 10 
TRIANGlES 

International Headquarters 
315 Fin,hley Road 
Hampslead 
London, N.W. l .. U.K . 

European Headquarters 
1 ruede V.rembe (le, 
Cue poslale 26 
1211 Geneva 3. 
Switzerland 

THE 
REVELLE 

RESIDENT 
DEANS 
OFFICE 
. 

. gives 
NO REFUND 

for 
money 

lost 
in the 

vending 
machines! 

Tbe TRITON TIMES 
welcomes expressloa. 01 In 
viewpoills Irom rea.era. 
Lelten .bowld be kePI brlel aad 
lbose over Me "cwd. Ire 
.. bje~1 to ~1.tlO.. II I. 
recomme.dld (bal 101 
leeullry) Ihl prior 
,""Ulelli .. be ,Ivu if you wl._ 
to .abmll a collm. cw •• 
Irtkle of opl ..... 

Lellen aad arllcle. 01 
opilioa ,"oald be do.ble 
'PICed, .bly 'plee Ule. 
Articles wlllcli uCft4 loar 
Pllu Ire .... jeel 10 
c.-1.llo. '-1.. .. 
.. bjed maIler. Leaaer Inlc:les 
ell be ,rliled II ,rlor 
IOIIIlealioa I. Ilvea. Lellen 
lad Irtleles ..... W be luI Ie 
lbe Edlterlal DIrecter, TrlI" 
Times, I n Blake Hall. 

Pos .... ~ Argo Hall 

The Man aehind the Mailbox 
Roney Breece 
S/off Writer 

To many people a post office is a place of extreme ef· 
ficiency~ven postal clerks seem more like stamp machines 
than real people. Happily, Revelle's postal clerk, Roy Nelson, 
offers a warm contrast to the uaual conception of clerks. 

Roy has been working in' the post office at Argo Hall since 
1967. Before September of 1970 he and a few student assistants 
had to man 1,800 post boxes and wade through tons of other 
work. ThIs year another clerk, Roy Byers, works with Nelson to 
relieve the load. 

Roy Nelson is contented with his job. "Everybody leaves me 
alone to do the job in the best way I can," he says. Roy likes 
freedom from authority on the job and is content In knowing that 
no one is constanUy breathing down his neck to make sure that 
the job is done right. "I'm given a job to do and that's it," he 
explains simply. 

Attracted to Anarchism 
Roy's love of independence comes in part from his attraction 

to the principles of anarchism. "I'm an American Anarchist," 
he explains. "Everybody is born with certain rights, as the 
Declaration of Independence states; as long as we don't in· 
terfere with the other person we can do anything we want; as 
long as it doesn't interfere with the same rights that people 
cherish and wish to achieve for themselves." 

In keeping with his beliefs in the principles of anarchism, Roy 
places great faith in people being able to solve all their problems 
without interference .from the government. "It's been proposed 
that if all restraints were taken off that people would balance 
out. In other words, it's government that messes things up," he 
comments relaxing in his chair at the office and puffing on his 
pipe. 

"Whenever government does interfere in our private lives it's 
an intrusion; it's to coercise us into a pattern that's beneficial to 
the government and the bureaucracy rather than to the people." 

Personal Responsibility 
While helping a student send off a package to home he ex-

pounds further, "I feel personally responsible for everything I 
say and for everything I do. Ultimately everybody is responsible 
(or their own actions. We find excuses today for everything. A 
person commits a crime; it 's the product of his parent's in· 
fluence, his home influence. A crime is not what's on the books 
but the fact that they have encroached on somebody else's 
rights." , 

Roy is also dissatisfied with the quality of education in today's 
society. "Education should bulld character," he claims. "But 
today, it does everything but build character." 

Intellectuals are the product of this character·less educational 

PE Dept. 

Revelle Mailman Roy NeisoD 
system, Roy says. "I'm an anti·intellectual. I don't believe that 
intellectuals in our society today have as much to contribute to 
life and the meaning of life as they would like to. The in· 
tellectuals, as we know them, are a flop because they haven't 
produced." 

Roy developed his unique ideas long before coming to 
Revelle: they had origins in his days as a master mariner with 
the Merchant Marine. In the more than 30 years Roy spent with 
the Merchant Marine he sailed around the world five times, 
visiting Russia, Italy and Spain. 

Translation Causes sUr 
In Russia he saw peasants being shipped by train from their 

homes in the Ukraine to Siberia. He also caused a stir in the 
town when he showed the people an English translation of the 
Soviet constitution adopted the year before. Many had not 
known of the constitution and were quite surprised at the dif· 
ferences between its promises and what they had in reality. 

As a mariner, Roy claims to have been a belligerent hellion, 
engaging in waterfront brawls with men bigger than himself 
and standing up to skippers who would just as soon knock him 
down again than follow a "gentleman's" code for officers. "I 
don't know whether it shows or not, but my nose is kind of 
crooked from being pushed in," he laughs. 

To Propose 
Policy Change 
The proposal for P.E. credit: 

1) Physical education 
classes shall not be mandatory 
and cannot be substituted for 
ful filling any major, minor, or 
structured requirements of the 
individual colleges. 

THE GOLDEN OLDIE 
FILM SOCIETY 

2) Va unit for a 2-hour 
activity section and 1 unit of 
credit for a 3 or 4-hour 
combination lecture/activity 
section. 

3) Grades will be on a 
passed/not passed basis. 

4) Grades shall be 
disregarded in determining the 
student's grade point average. 

5) Students can accrue up to 
a maximum of 4 units to count 
as one course toward general 
graduation requirements. 

6) Undergraduate students 
can enroll in one class per 
quarter . Special Provost 
approval would be required for 
enrollment in more than one. 

7) No additional funds will 
be required in the Department 
if fractional credit is offered. 

8 ) Physical education 
Courses shall be in addition to 
individual college regulations 
governing the number and type 
of courses taken on a 
passed/not passed basis. 

Proudly Presents 

Sat. Jan. 30 
MIDSUMMER'S NIGHT DREAM 
with Dianne Rigg and the Royal 

Shakespeare Company 

plus 
THE ANATOMY OF A MURDER 

with James Stewart, 
Ben Gazzara, lee Remick 

7:00 P.Me at Sumner Aud. (Scripps) 
limited number available 

1:30 P.M. at 2722 USB 
Tickets avail.l. at Ur., Hall Box Office - 7S' 

When not at the post office Roys takes care of B.B., a woman· 
hating raven, or pursues his hobby of hydroponics. 

Roy is 55 years old, but as he says, "I've had two and a half 
life-times of experience in one." 

LQQK BETTER 
WERR.. R SHlltTALES 

SWEATER. 

OPERATION SURVIVAL 

WHAT ABOUT MONEY? 

A fair question. Money has been with us for quite a 
while. Most of us have grown used to it, or would like to. 
On the basis of filling the requirements of a possible 
medium of distribution, can Money do the job? 

If it can-leI's use it. If it can't. let's replace it with 
something which can. Fair enough? 

First of all, let's analyze the properties of money. To 
begin with , money relationships are all based upon 
"value" which, in turn, is a function of scarcity. Hence 
money is not a "measure ' of anything (how much is $1 
worth of coal? The answer is seldom twice the same ). 

Second - money is a debt claim against society and is 
valid in the hands of any bearer. In other words, it is 
negotiable, it can be traded, stolen, given or gambled 
away. 

Third - money can be saved. 
Fourth - money circulates. and is not destroyed or 

cancelled out upon being spent. 
On each of these counts money fails to meet our 

requirements as a medium of distribution. 
For example, suppose we a ttempted to distribute by 

means of money the goods and services produced. 
Suppose that it were decided that 200 billion aollars 
worth of goods and services were to be produced in a 
given year, and that 200 billion dollars were distributed 
to the population during that time with which to purchase 
these goods and services. 

Immediately the foregoing properties of money would 
create trouble. Due to the fact that money is not a 
PHYSICAL measure of goods and services, there is no 
assurance that prices would not change during the year, 
and that 200 billion dollars issued for use in a given year 
would be used in that year. 

If it were not used, this would immediately begin to 
curtail production and start oscillations. Due to the (act 
that money is negotiable, and that certain human beings, 
by hook or crook, have a facility for getting U away from 
other human beings, this would defeat the requirement 
that distribution must reach ALL human beings. 

A further consequence of the negotiability of money is 
that it can be used very effectively for purposes of 
bribery (unthinkable!) Hence the mo t successful 
accumulators of money would be able eventually not only 
to disrupt the flow line, but also to buy a controlling 
interest in the social mechanism itsel!, which brings us 
right back to where we started from. 

Due to the fact that money i a species of debt, and 
hence cumulative, the amount would have to be 
continuously increased, which. in conjunction with it 
property of being negotiable , would lead inevitably to 
concentration of control in a few hands, and to general 
disruption of the distribution system which ~as upposed 
to be maintained. 

Thus, money in any form whatsoever, is cllmpletely 
inadequate as a Medium of Distribution in an €conomy 
of Abundance, with a Price System control. A 1y social 
sy tern employing commodity evaluation (commodity 
valuations are the basis of ALL mUIlt!)' I IS a 1"1 't! 
ystem. Hence, a monetary Price Sy tern i not capable 

of maintaining an adequate distribution in an economy of 
abundance. 

ext i u : THE IE TIFlC A WER. Operation 
Survival, P. O. Box 2019. La Jolla, Ca. 92037. 

Triton Times J.nu.ry 26, 1971 P.ge 3 



The opinion ••• presSed on ...... poge. or. tho .. of the author> who .. no ..... appear in the byline. and do not nec.'lOrily r.llect the vie.... of.... TRITON 
TIMES. Anyone desiring to submit motorial 10 be publi.hed on lhe .. poges .hould send it to lhe Editoriol Director. TRITON TIMES. 117 Bloke Holi. UCSC. . 

Eleonor Widmer: A Victim of Policy 
Melvin Freilicher 

Editor's note to story: 
The lollowing letter expresses the sentiments 01 live 

T.A. 's in the Muir Lit. sequence : Melvyn Freilicher, Dick 
Pray, Rob Doll, Ned Howell and John Paul Rosslelder. 

Dr. Eleanor Widmer, lecturer in the Literature Department, 
is probably not going to be re-hired. For two years she has 
taught the Muir freshman lit sequence as well as teaching 
upper division courses. We are teaching assistants of quite a 
few years' experience, who have taught Lit. I with Mrs. 
Widmer. It is our belief that he is an excellent, dedicated 
teacher, that her ability to reach freshmen is exceptional. Mrs. 
Widmer is dynamic and makes the material alive for her 
students, leaving them with a genuine interest in literature. 

Firing Mrs. Widmer would be unfortunate on two counts, 
first because UCSD would be losing a sadly needed asset- a 
good teacher ; and second because this is representative of 
what is wrong with UCSD and with virtually every university in 
the country. The issues as we see them are the following : 

Students Are not Considered 

1. The quality of teaching is not taken into consideration 
when academic appointments are made or renewed. This 
means that students are not taken into consideration. This is 
true despite President Hitch 's recent university-wide directive 
that teaching ability should be of primary importance in 
staffing. There are several obvious and recognized ways to 
consult students on the quality of their teachers-these range 
from student questionnaries to student representatives with 
voting power on tenure committees. UCSD does none of this. 

2. Standards for academic appointments are horribly 
screwed up. We can only give the Literature Department as an 
example, but we assume similar problems exist in other 
departments. The traditional requisite for gaining tenure in 
any literature department of the University of California is to 
publish a hard bound critical book. However, Mrs. Widmer is 
not this sort of scholar. She is a non-academic writer who has 
published a prize-winning novel (with Random House) and is 
completing another novel. Her other publica tions include 
several short stories, critical essays (in such professional 

q, 

anthologies as The Thirties and The Forties), and several 
college-text anthologies which she had edited, including two on 
literary censorShip. Her writing emphasis, as in her teaching, 
has been more on creative work than academic specialization. 

Women Are not Represented on Faculty 

3. Dr. Widmer is a woman. Whereas we are not accusing the 
Literature Department of being any more misogynous than any 
other department, it is a simple fact that there are not full-
time regular women on the literature faculty. This is true 
despite the fact that almost half of the graduate students in 
literature, and about two-thirds of the undergraduate majors 
are women. Instead of attempting to correct this imbalance, 
the literature department seems to be taking steps to worsen 
it. 

4. As teaching assistants we are all too aware of the money 
shortage and sympathize with Dr. Elliot's plight in having to 
portion out the money. But it seems to us there is a question of 
priorities here , and that Mrs. Widmer should have one of the 
highest, rather than one of the lowest priorities. A part-time 
lecturer's salary is relatively small , and we find it difficult to 
believe that the money could not be found to retain Mrs. 
Widmer. Indeed , some of us feel that she should be given a 
regular assistant professor 's appointment although she has not 
asked for tha t. 

LettersNecessary to Re-hire Mrs. Widmer 

Robert Elliot, the chairman of the Literature Department, 
and the Muir provost have both indicated that if they eceive" 
letters attesting to Mrs. Widmer 's value as a teacher, it might 
make it easier for them to find the funds to re-hire her. Since 
there seem to be few other ways for students to be consulted 
about their teaching needs, we urge you to write both the 
Revelle and Muir provosts, and also to Robert Elliot. Or put 
your signed notes and comments in our mailboxes (Grad. Lit 
Office-HL 1056). Or send in and give us Signed petitions. 

To convince Mrs. Widmer that her actions as a teacher have 
been meaningful , to convince yourselves that your existence as 
students in the University is meaningful , we suggest you do 
someLhing. Soon. 

Muir Council 

Tlte Great 
West (oast Blight 

Arch Hayes 

As we have seen, the California economy was booming. The 
state was riding high on an influx of population, which was 
unprededented in an advanced technological society. But early 
in 1967, the first sym ptoms of the $Q-called " great West Coast 
Blight" appeared. The epidemic has since been ascribed to an 
infectious parasite, known as Rex Reaganus. The first outward 
signs developed at the University campuses, but soon the 
infection spread like wildfire through the thriving but 
defenseless state. Its virulence seemed to grow as iL spread. 

Flora and fauna alike were ravaged- I stiU recall my college 
days, and the barren wilderness of Muir campus, barren due to 
a freezing by Rex Reaganus which had denuded the landscape 
there. Construction sites became stilled as workers 
disappeared - professorships vanished . Nothing was immune. 

The prevalence of the infection was worsened by the varied 
symptoms; no two victims were affected. the same way. 
Preventive measures were thereby thwarted , time and again. 
Some things developed swelling and enlargement; some things 
were stunted ; even death was not unknown ailer infection. 
Taxes, tuition , and legislator'S salaries were subject to 
phenomenal enlargement and cancerous development. Mental 
hospitals, minority programs, and medical aid were ridden 
with atrophy, decimation, and even death. Another tragic 
development was the eruption of off-shore tumors, which from 
time to time ruptured, spreading viscous, black, organic poison 
on the sea which befouled the beaches and decimated the 
indigent wild life. The parasite seemed firmly entrenched, 
when a second outbreak occurred in 1971. But at last there was 
a weakness in attack - the parasite had a four-year cycle. 
Preventive measures were then mobilized to stem the 
epidemic. 

The Fishbowl: 
A ll 96 sq. ft~ of It 

Diddo Clark 
requirements. 

Other changes which student members IX the 
Council are pUShing for are: 

trit on t iIlles 
With 96 square feet of fluorescent egg cartons 

on one wall, The Fishbowl is surely the brightest 
office on campus. Headquarters of the Muir 
College Council, the Fishbowl, is a long glass 
room between the Muir Snack Bar and the lawn. 

1. A change in the drop date to enable a 
student to drop a class any time within the end of 
the quarter, following the end of the 
class( students could then have low grades 
removed from their transcript and have their 
record show what they actually accomplished). 

Editor-in· I,id .. Hn, wooo ... mmoll 
Cily Editl' ......... Ca rl l ci burgcr 

Managin~ Clitor . ..... Mike l\l a~ r 
Copy Edi ' or . . . . . .. hu k raham 
Busine s :lIanagcr .. . . ... J eff Fried 
Editorial Oir ctor .. Haou l CO lltrera 
A sociatc city Edilor ... Ow en J 0\ ner 
, l\J o lI~ S '" ill 
Arts Edilor ......... Terr} Hiirak 

ports Editor .... ... Rock} Ha lron 
Photograph y Editor . . .. John Zall er 
Conlributor ...... . .'Ie\ Landau 

News Deportment 
Rose De Co,to 
Rod Lorang 
Robert Miller 
John loller 
Ed 80yle 
Juliono Cinque 
80bbie fink 
Bruce Morden 
Frank Phillip. 
Cliff Po.t 
Kothy Ru.t 
Barboro Simon 
Jell Graham 
Don Groene 
Mike Robert, 
Poul Tey" .. r 

Arts Deparlment 
Tom Beer 
Jay Gille"e 
Pete, Gordan 
Lorry John.on 
Lindo McAlli,ter 
Sorgun Toni 
Artists 
Soroh McKenna 

Phologrophv 
Jon fronek 

Adverti.ing 
Deportmenl 
Mork T riliing 
Suson Code. 
Molly Selvin 

Allan Sekulo Sec,.lorial SlaH 
G.orge So zan; Steve Cohen 

Ass' l Managing Ed . Sheila Calhoun 
Jo. Eo.tern Copy Depo,lm.nt 
Comy Sharick Shoron Weldy 

Production Jim .' ills Raney Breece PotlY Sm,th Dove Buchbinder 
Debbie Monlgomery 
Glena 5<h,o ter 

The TIlTON TIMES i. off,ciolly recogniled and ,uppo,ted os a student .ew.pop.r by the C~mmun"alion •. 80~rd 
01 the Univerllly of Caltlo,nio, Son Diego. Bu,ld,ng 250. Matthew. Compu., La Jolla. California 92037. Publication 
is twic. wHkly on Tuesday. and friday •. Off"o. or. located in room 1 17, Bloke Hall. on Ihe Rev.lle Compu •. For 
Adv.rl i.in g phone .53· 2000 . X 10171 for ed itor ial or ne .... phon. XIO I6. 

P_,e 4 Triton Times JlnUlry 26, 1971 

The Muir College Council this year had been 
incredibly dynamic . So far the student members 
have initiated and implemented a policy of 
unrestricted parking of the Muir Campus ; the 
student members have helped get money (or 
student groups; nominated Muir students to 
campus-wide committees; and persuaded the 
facuIty ex~ffico members of the Muir Faculty 
Organization. These same students organized 
the birthday celebration for Chancellor York, 
built five cement bicycle ramps across campus, 
provided special receptacles for aluminwn cans, 
and had reflecting tape put on all the metal posts 
in the middle of paths, so people wouldn't bump 
into them in the middle of the night. 

The biggest project the Council has tackled is 
changing graduation requirements at the Muir 
College. On January 25, the student, faculty, and 
staff of Ule college are all invited to get together 
in the commons to discuss changes in 

2. The creation of a new job of Assistant 
Provost for Special Projects, Provost courses, 
Interdisciplinary courses, majors, and Con· 
temporary Issues. 

3. New Courses organized and sponsored by 
the College Council. 

In the next few months, the CoWlcil will be 
helping to define the role of College Dean, and 
finding a new one, reviewing the plans foc land-
scaping the campus, and trying to get a decent 
food service. The student members will be onto 
more projects such as backing the Anomaly 
Factory in their experimental theatre, and 
supporting the students of the Drama Depart. 
ment in their effort to preserve traditional 
drama. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
Is This 
For Real? 

I just this moment put down 
the editorial page of the SAN 
DIEGO UNION newspaper, in 
which an opinion piece from 
the TRITON TIMES, written 
by Mr. Jim Sills appears. 

I've never, on the spu r of the 
moment, written to a 
newspaper before. But now, for 
the first time I have to write, 
as I can't contain myself a 
minute longer. God bless Mr. 
Sills. You 'll never know how an 
article like his appears to 
someone like me. What a true 
breath of fresh air. Oh what a 
morale booster. I have five 
children, one of whom is ready 
for college this year ; and the 
thought of sending her away to 
a campus filled with hate and 
violent liberal ideologies of 
schools today has all but 
immobilized me with terror. It 
is so seldom that a .. square," 
conservative mother, who is 
out of the action, can be 
reassured that all is not "one 
way" on our University 
campuses. Thank you so much 
for publishing such marvelous 
medicine. And please tell Mr. 
Sills that he has done a grea t 
deal for at least one soul"off 
campus." 

Yours truly, 
Buralce Foreman 

A Wino Speaks 
I have read with great 

interest the last two polemical 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F St. 

PAYS DONORS 
lor services 
Mon. thru Sat. 

233 - 8328 

pieces from the pen of James 
Hervey Johnson: one that 
morally and physically 
denounced alcohol (throw a 
nickel on the drum); the other 
preaching pragmatic 
eclecticism in food matters . 

I raise my glass (each night 
at dinner, usually burgundy ) to 
Mr. Johnson's first article, on 
the strength of his second ; 
doing so makes me happier, 
healthier, and a better person. 
I also wish to submit that, long 
ago before my brains dried up, 
I learned somewhere that 
alcohol was a high'calorie food , 
which was only injurious when 
used excessively and/or in 
long-term substitution for a 
normal diet. 

The real danger , Mr. 
Johnson, is perhaps the liqUId 
in philosophy's well : all things 
are poisonous, but some more 
so. 

Bud Korkowski 
Grad, Literature 

Power to Mo rden 
More power to Morden and 

associa tes in their work on a 
Children's Camp. Who dares to 
say that students are a bad lot? 
The youngsters will flourish in 
that camp, not only by getting 
less polluted air into their 
lungs, and in their minds some 
of the sudden moments of joy 
that spring from traffic with 
nature , but also the delight that 
flows from human goodwill. 

If 
,.., or. i.tor.slto! in IMtor ,yel .. 

......... , ...... ,.,. 

,..., eI ........ .." ,.... ... 1. ~'"~ 
....k .. lit.f.r , •• 
No phone calls 

Stop in and see John 

PAC~flC 
YAMAKA 

1551 •• rll.t .,. 
.cific ... cll 411-1555 

ISm up 10 SO%. It .... t. suo with 1.0. (01",1 Sal. En. or lpedal ',,'ormo"e) 
$2 .50 & 2.00 (Tue., Wed .• Thurl .. Sun. Eves.) S2.00 & $ 1.50 (Sun. Mot •. Jon. 24) 
$3.00 & S2.50 (Fri.. Sol. evOl.) SUO Stu. thru call. & Enlisted Mil. 

Mary, Mary by ::~:a~:vre; 
a 5prightly and 5parkling comedy 01 romantic 

marital merriment 
bolboapo,k olb globt tl)£atre on .lag. 

phone 
239.2255 

after noon 

Free checking accounts 
for students. 

Just for being a student, we'll furnish you with a 
year 's supply of checks, a no-service charge 
checking account and free postage (if you want 
to bank by mail). All you have to do is apply your-
self. At any of the 57 offices of Southern California 
First National Bank. 

IIl IOUTHIRN CALIFORNIA 'IRIT NATIONAL lANK 
Member F.D.I.C. 

Long before the Christian 
Church adopted ,the word 
liturgy for religious ritual , the 
ancient Greeks practiced the 
secular sacrament of leltourgia 
in their city streets, in which 
citizens by their own hands 
contributed to the well-being of 
the community : by raising a 
city wall by some feet ; by 
clearing a drain or by digging a 
ditch. There was so much 
public service that everybody 
had to contribute, comparable 
to our more aloof so-rna ny-
percent taxation, to which we 
grimly surrender rather than 
care-fully tender. Service, 
purpose and obligation easily 
lose reality in the anonymous 
vacuum through which we 
grope our way. 

How would it be if all our 
citizens partook in some form 
of warm-blooded litourgia ? 

Alma S. Wittlin 

"Vo te Diddo" 
After reading the 

DIMENSION article on the 
A.S. Council, I find I have a lot 
to say. This is my first year at 
Revelle College, and I must 
admit that I arq slightly 
discouraged . There is a 
tremendous amount of apathy 
on our campus. Last week I 
found out that after about four 
years of operation the students 
of Revelle had not started any 
type of Student Council, and 
that it was the Revelle Provost, 

Dr . Paul Saltman , who 
instigated and brought about 
our present College Councils. I 
don ' t see why DIMENSION 
should complain about the A.S. 
Students don 't seem to care, - . 
they should be blamed. 

What (have just said does 
not apply to the other two 
colleges at UCSD. The Muir 
College Council has been very 
busy this year. Last summer 
four students got together and 
formed a conspiracy. That is, 
they all worked together to get 
into office. They were all 
elected. They have kept in 
touch with students and have 
done things from building bike-
ramps on curbs to abolishing 
restricted parking at Muir. 
They are planning things like 
dropping all college 
requirements (There is a 
student forum planned for 
Monday afternoon, 3:30-5 :00.) 
and being able to drop a course 
the quarter after iL was taken. 
These people have formed a 
ded icated team that is working 
together, and getting things 
done. 

The point of all this is that 
Diddo Clark (now on the Muir 
council) is planning to run for 
the AS council , along with 
people that can work together, 
and are willing to work. So if 
you are not satisfied with the 
AS council now, I ask your help 
to get good people like Diddo 
into office. 

Stepben G. Sanne 

EUROPE - ISRAEL - EAST AFRICA 
• Student travel discounls 
• Official SOFA agent for over 2000 inter·European student 
charter flight 
• International Student 10 cord 
• 2 month student Eurailpass $125 
• 3 weeks camping in Russia and Czechoslovakia $156 
• 5 weeks camping in Spoin, Portugal and Morocco $230 
• London-Capetown 7 week African Safari $641 
CONTACT: ISCA 

11687 Son Vicente Blvd . #4 
l. A. Calif. 90049 
(213) 826·5669 

heninl Stnions 
I .... Ihru lot. 

1:30- 10:00 
Sun. (onfuu,ous 

I:OO- I:Ot 

LET'S 
GO 

ROLLER 
SKA TING 

Stud.nt's Carload Spedal 
On Sol. eve. 5 studenls- with 
AS8 . cords- will rece ive IS ' 
diSlounl each an Ihei r admission . 

TRI -CITY RO LlER RINK 
212 So. (.dros-Solana Beach 

Phon. 7SS·41 SI 

LIVE AT 
so. MISSION BEACH 

TILL JUNE 30 
One Apartment Available 
Feb . 1, Furnished, at $285 

MISSION 
BEACH TOWERS 

New 2 BD., 2 both aport· 
ments in 4-stary building . 

FEATURIIG: 
Bike & Surfboard storage, 
Balconies, Rec. Room, 
Covered Parking . 

WALK TO BEACH & BAY 
LOCATION: 
2965 Mission Blvd, at 

Ensenada Ct. 

Phone Craig Bratton, Mgr. 
276·1982 

Casa del Poncho 

PONCHOS 
PIASA NT 
Dltlsm 

SHIRTS , 
SHAWLS 

552 1 Lo Jolla Blvd . 

, ..... It .. " 
•• _1 & th.rop.utlc 

WATERBEDS 
-P:. ,tv ,r;:+o '¥ ~ 

,flO" ''''6 
1'-0, iltt,"udor, Mk 

KING $5500 
SIZE 
""lthlvl, a.,If.1 SI .. , 

The Waterbole 
,.,.... 
110-2611 
-

4212 
II tel ......... 

If you can drive it, 
we'll insure it 

for less. 
No matter what you drive - from a conservative Volkswagen to a radio 

cal hot rod - we can save you money on your car insurance. 
College Student Insurance Service has been working with Ihe Auto 

Insurance Industry for 5 years to prove that college students deserve 
lower rates on their car Insurance. Now, If you're an Associated Student 
member. you can get Group Discounled Aula Insurance at an average sav-
Ings 01 48% In California. Plus, you can continue your coverage after 
you're out of school. 

For a personal quote. call CSIS today. 

We leel that you shouldn't have to pay more to insure your car than you 
did to buy it. 

5090 College Ave. 
583·9393 

C.S.I.S. We're on your side. 

• 7 ? IQ »IfA71l 
.s~,£ 6,wtD 

~SttJNP'" 
71r3J,-o 
A"""ss~ t 1.10 

(Iebe Hangan 
and 

Preston Bailey 
plus 

Sally Thomas 
Fri.-Sat.·Sun.-open 8 p.m. 



::: A Re,ly not always produce fuB sounds, nor do full :::; 
::: WE GET LETTERS TOO sounds always come from fu1l orcbeltras. The :::: 
::: • Editor: point of my comment, however, concerned :::: 
::: Let me say first that I was genuinely not the fullness of the sound, but my oplniClt :::' 
::: Spare lis Alloflter Reviewl is; namely that a portion of each SCIl8ta delighted to see Mr. Berberich's letter. It's that the effect was not unpleasing. :::. 
::: allegro movement is given over to the per- nice to know that someone out there reads my I certalniy did detect a sensitive twch CIt ::: 
::: former by the composer to provide a di!JPlay articles occasionally. Usually there is total the part of the string quartet in the Serenlita ::: 
::: Editor's Nete: News articles 0/ a con- of virtuosity. These sections are not an in- silence Notturna. If on the night that Mr. Berberich ::: 
::: trollersial nature and disagreeable (to tegral part of the concerto, a fact evidently The ~adenzas for the D Minor concerto attended they seemed as far out of line as ::: 
::: some) editori~1s often motillOte TRITON realized by Mozart, Beethoven, Lizst and a were listed in the program notes as bei~ that, I can only reply that in my olinlon they ::: 
::: TIMES readers to write in their com- host of others excluding Mr. Johnson. edited by Lili Kraus, in which case she was didbetter(thoughnotperfectly)onthenightl ::: 
::: menta. Arts articles may be 0/ an The reviewer's comment that a ''fuller'' certainly free to do anything she wanted with attended, and that in spite of their imper- ::: 
::: equally controversial or disagreeable sound was rendered to the Symphony in E flat them. The cadenzas for th~ G Major concerto fections they did display a sensitive touch. ::: 
::: nature. 1/ so, we appreciate your bya"full" orchestra(nevermindthequality were not so listed, which would seem to As for the "ad hominem" about grammar, I ::: 
::: comments. of the sound) was simply earth shattering. suggest less freedom, but I am willing to had my article checked by gramatical ex- ::: 
::: To the EdItor: And the fact that he appreciated a "senritive grant her artistic license here also. However, perts who detected the following: inad- ::: 
::: touch" of the quartet in the Serenata Not- the fact of the matter is that the departures vertantiy I used "flare" for "flair." Guilty. ::: 
::: As an admirer of both Mozart and Mme . turna, but somehow missed the very audible from the score were not restricted to the Further, between the typing and the type- ::: 
::: Kraus, I feel compelled to comment upon Mr. fact that the players were often out of tune cadenzas but occurred in the main texts of the setting, the "n" was not capitalized in ''in D ::: 
::: Larry Johnson's arrogant and uninformed and musically dissociated, is a bit di!lllal at concerti, and this is the source of my ob- Minor, No. 20," and, worse, the "0" was left ::: 
::: critique of her concert. Mme. Kraus has been the very least. All of this mediocrity might be jection. To assume that I was speaking of the off "concerto" at one point, which would be a::: 
::: playing Mozart since long before Mr. pardonable were it not crowned with constant cadenzas is to commit the fallacy of false typographical insult to the Italian language. I ::: 
::: Johnson's birth, and she did not come an the grammatical insults to the English language . cause. I'm sorry if I struck Mr. Berberich as do not choose to riposte with any "argumenta ::: 
::: way to San Diego to lay any experimental I encourage Mr. Johnson to attend the next arrogant, but in my review I tried very hard ad hominem" about Mr . Berberich's ::: 
.,' variations at his feet. ho t d t' his . I th I I . .'. :.: symp . ny concer an con mue muslca to stres~ at was mere y expressmg my grammar. ':'. 
::: Or does Mr. Johnson feel that he is the first education. However, please spare us another own opmion in a matter which is legitimately While I caMot agree with him, I would ::~. 
::: and only one to have secretly discovered this review. debatable. In no way do I wish to detract from certainly like to thank him for expressing his ::~ 
::: musical outrage? Perhaps it is more likely Mme Kraus' greatness as a classical pianist . opinion. I wish others would. :i:; 
::: that he simply doe& not know what a cadenza Ralph Berberich As for the ''fuller sound," full orchestras do Larry Jolmstll :::; 
;:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::.:::.:::.:.:.:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. ;.:.:.:.:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.;.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.: .. ;.: .. :.: .. :.:.:.:.:-:.:-:.:-:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:;:: 
Drama Review 

A Trip To The 
Old Globe 

Larry Johnson 
Arts Writer 

A trip to the Old Globe Theater is always a pleasant ex-
perience. Not only is parking free, the Balboa Park location is a 
beautiful contrast to the usual urban setting. The gardens, 
lawns, and towering eucalyptus trees, together with the 
fascinating buildings of the Prado area, all make it a good way 
to relax. If you can't have dinner at the nearby Cafe del Rey 
Moro, at least stop by for a before-theater drink. Only a stooe's 
throw from the theater, with its Moorish architecture, it is one of 
the most enchanting cafes in southern California, and it com-
mands a lovely view of the park. How can (lie help arriving at 
the theater in a good mood? As one who values the total ex-
perience of a night at the theater, I highly recommend it. 

The Globe does many things well. Its Shakespeare Festival is 
world famous, a swrunertime must. During the winter season it 
does a generally excellent job with serious contemporary 
drama, and also with certain sorts of comedy. The current 
production of Jean Kerr's "Mary, Mary" is an example of the 
sort of fast, light comedy with which the Globe has a spotty 
record. To be sure, the sets and costumes were more than 
adequate , and the actors sufficiently talented, but some how it 
didn't all gel. It's not that they bombed with it-it was still 
fun-but they could have gotten much mere out of it. The tempo 
was often off, and the actors were sometimes not well "er-
chestrated" in their interactions with one another. 

Flora Richards, a favorite at the Mission Playhouse, 
possesses a good flair for comedy. She plays the title role of a 
wife in the process of divorce. After much marital humor, she 
and her husband resolve their difficulties. No great messages, 
just fun. Miss Richards' sparkle was the highlight of the 
evening. 

Bob Kuhne as the husband was basically good, but had dif-
ficulty projecting the character. Norval Rader as their lawyer 
looked and sounded the part, but had difficulties acting his lines 
(as. opposed to merely saying them ). Chuck Shields, as the 
fading matinee idol who goes after Mary, had a similar 
problem, though he looked the part very well. Jenifer HeM, as 
the husband's would-be bride, did pretty well as the girl who 
makes the best of a bad thing so well, that she seems to like bad 
things. Again, and perhaps this is due to a directing difficulty, 
there was a problem in making her role click with other roles. In 
both timing and conception, there were incongruities-so it 
seemed to this reviewer . 

It was still fun, and for $l.SO (students) one could do werse. 
But it could have been much better. 

P.S. Those with an eye to beauty should check out the very 
well done Shakespearean prints by Globe Costumer Peggy 
Kellner. 'fley are truly works of art. 

'New lack Crook' Premieres Tonight 
Jay Gillette 
Arts Writer 

"Tbe N ~ Black Crook," a musical c:lrnedy wl'ittea by 
UCSD Iiteratllre professor George S18nto, will open tonigbt for 
a week·loag run at Soutbwestern College's Mayan Hall 
Theater. 1b~ play, wblcb begins at 8:30, is directed by Welton 
Jones, an dtertainment editor for tbe UNION TRIBUNE, 
features II u:ic scored by San Diego composer Jobn Garvey. 

Wben SOlaoto was asked to comment on wbat one can expect 
from tbe play, be replied : " Fantasmagora, Alchemy, Girls! 
Girls! Girls! And . .. tbe dialectical structure of reality." 
Tberefore, one is advised to be prepared for most anything, but 
above all to be entertained. 

Soutbwestern College is in Chula Vista, and reportedly bas 
tbe best tbeater facilities south of Los Angeles. From La Jolla 
and parts nortb, take Interstate 5 south {past downtown, past 
tbe bridge, pa t National City) to Cbula Vista's E Street off 
ramp. Take E treel4.5 mllel to Otay Lakes Road, and turn 
soutb to tbe college. The tbeater i ju t In ide tbe school's 
entrance. 

'Plge 6 Triton Times Januuy 26, 1971 

POSSIBILITIES I 

WOMEN IN LOVE, based on the Dovel by D. H. Lawrence, 
will be sbown at the Unicorn Theatre Wednesday tbrougb 
Tuesday, January 27 - February 2. 

Canned Heat & 
Youngbloods in 
Concert 

On Sunday., Jan . 31, 
CANNED HEAT will appear in 
casual concert at the San Diego 
Sports Arena . On the same bill 
will be THE YOUNGBLOODS 
and SPENCER DAVIS. 

CANNED HEAT is best 
known as a blues band, but 
their music can really be 
described as rolling thunder 
with its foundation in country 
blues. Each member of the 
group knows his music and has 
a style that when put together 
makes everything fall neatly in 
place. Bob "The Bear" Hite 's 
first musical group was a jug 
band formed when he met the 
late Al Wilson. He was 
awkward at first but the music 
was real and a natural 
evolution took place. Henry 
"Sunflower" Vestine, one of 
the group 's guitarists, has a 
unique ability that makes 
CANNED HEAT incomplete 
without him. He feels the blues 
is a language and obviously he 
has helped CANNED HEAT 
become fluent in it. Adolfo 
"Fito" de la Parra, CA ED 
HEAT's drummer, is from 
Mexico. With his precise and 
pronounced drumming, he 
builds a heavy foundation for 
the rest of the group. Antonio 
de la Barreda, bass and also 
from Mexico, played with Fito 
for five yea rs in Mexico before 
moving on to several other 
groups and rinally joining 
CANNED HEAT la st year. Joel 
Scott Hill . the most recent 
addition, playing lead guitar 
and as isting Bob on vocals, is 
from San Diego and makes his 
home here. He ha had a long 

standing involvement with 
CANNED HEAT , often 
substituting when one member 
was unable to playa gig. With 
so much musical ability 
compriSing CANNED HEAT, 
the audience cannot help but 
experience a great musical 
communication. 

THE YOUNG BLOODS 
consists of Jesse Colin Young, 
ballad/blues singer and bass 
guitar ; Joe Bauer, drummer ; 
and Banana , guitar and piano. 
Jesse is the nucleus of THE 
YOUNG BLOODS and put the 
group together in New York. 
While playing in Boslon, Joe 
Bauer met up with them and 
two weeks later Banana came 
to their door saying, "I've 
come to join your band." Since 
then THE YOUNGBLOODS 
have moved their home to San 
Francisco, become a trio and 
took on a different musical 
direction combining rock , 
country blues and 
contemporary folk . 

Tickets are $4 .75 in advance 
and $5 at the door and are 
available at Sneaker Inns, Bill 
Gamble'S Mens Stores, all 
Central Ticket Agencies and 
the Sports Arena Box Office 
(224-4176) . 

Harpsichord & 
Violin Recital 

The University of California 
Intercampus Cultural 
Exchange Program will 
present a concert of works by 
Guiseppe Tartini, Friday, Jan. 
29, at 8:30 p.m. 

Guiseppe Tartini , the great 
Italian violinist and teacher, 
died in 1770, the same year that 
&lethoven was born. Although 
thi s yea r 's bicentennial 

celebrations emphasize the 
Beethoven anniversary, music 
scholars believe Beethoven's 
music would not sound the wa y 
it ' does without Tartini 's 
contributions to violin 
technique. 

The concert will be 
performed by harpsichordist 
Sven Hansell and violinist 
Endre Granat in the Recital 
Hall, 409 Matlhews Campus. 
Admission is free. 

Hansell has made an 
extensive study of Tartini 's 
violin works (100 concertos and 
150 sonatas) using 18th·century 
manuscripts recently 
discovered in Italy. Tartini 's 
music, says Hansell, is known 
for its brilliance and great 
technical demands, but also 
contains passages of disarming 
simplicity. 

Granat , professor of music at 
San Fernando Valley State 
College, has won considerable 
acclaim for his virtuosity in 
performances in Europe and 
the United States. 

Music For 
Contrabass 
Contrabassist Bertram 

Turetzky will perform at UCSD 
at 8:30 p.m., on Saturday, Jan. 
30, in a recital of "Music for 
Contrabass and Friends." The 
concert will be held in the 

Humanitie s Library 
Aduitorium, Revelle College, 
and is free and open to the 
public. 

Turetzky, a member of the 
teaching staff of the UCSD 
Department of Music , has 
more than doubled the 
repertoire for his instrument 
since 1955, when he began to 
commission works by 
contemporary composers and 
to perform them in his many 
concert . appearances. He 
asserts, "The bass has been the 
love of my life for 25 years -
and my wife knows it ," 

Through Turetzky 's efforts, 
musical resources of the 
contrabass have been greatly 
expanded and exploited by 
composers. Eric Salzman, New 
York critic and author of An 
Introduction to Twentietb 
Century Music, wrote in a 
review of several Turetzky 
recordings, "Turetslty ... has 
single - handedly brought a 
whole new repertoire into 
being ... His taste and 
judgement are shown by the 
selection of composers ... and 
his skill and musicality are 
displayed by the ease with 
which he negotiates fearful 
difficulties of all sorts ." 

The January concert IS 
fourth in a series of contrabass 
recitals presented by Turetzky. 
Featured in this concert will be 
"Turetzky Pieces, " 

The Y .1,bIood., wllo wUI lie appe...... m C8IIftrt .. 
S.aday wltll Canned Helt ad tile Spelftr Davl. Gl'OIIp. 

.. 

All-Cal: A Great Ritual 

Top left: VCR', all 
lournament forward 
Howard Lee blocks tile 
sbot of UCSD center 
Scot Wrigbt. Top rigbt: 
Tbe UCR cheerin, man-
agerle. Bottom ri,bt: 
Dave Wrlgbt gets past 
four Davis defenders 
for a my - II. UCSD'M 
Scot Wright It Brm. 
Todd (4t) wltcb. Bet-
tom left : the UC Dav! 
"m.relling" bane!. 

Dresses were quite a bit 
shorter. There were also some 
minority cheerleaders - that's 
new, too. And most of the guys 
wore their hair longer than 
their fathers would have. But it 
was the same old American 
ritual ; and for those of us who 
still like tha t sort of thing, it 
was gre.at. 

The All-Cal Basketball 
Tournament - Davis, Irvine, 
and Riverside hosted at San 
Diego - was a roaring success. 
River side won the 
championship, lopping our own 
Tritons 73·63, but basketball 
was only part of the story. 

UCD, UCR Bring Frills 
Davis and Riverside in 

particular, but UCI and UCSD 
as well , brought to the 
tournament all the frills and 
color that have for decades 
been associated with 
intercollegiate sports. There 
were scads of unliberated, 
bouncy cheergirls, lusty-eyed 
hordes of unabashed chauvinist 
gawkers, and, at the end of it 
all , plenty of reddened hands 
and hoarse throats. Riverside, 
the most SOCially 
conservative / retarded ( your 
choice) of the Cal schools was 
the biggest show stealer. it had 
a troupe of micro-skirted song 
girls, four all - but -
incredible Black soul leaders a 
group of Scottish dancers '-
complete with bagpipes - who 
called themselves the Highland 
Lassies , and a 3S-piece concert 
pep band. 

Traveling 600 miles south at 
their own expense, Davis 
students at the tourney 

amounted to what must have minutes. The game was closer 
been the biggest than the 71·66 score would 
conglomeration of degenerates indicate. Irvine led almost the 
south of Berkeley. They entire game, often by a 
brought their "marching" considerable margin. But late 
band , a contingent of in the ~cond half, Irvine 's big 
"cowgirls" who were really guns, RIchard Clark and Phil 
much prettier than the insults Rhyne , got into penalty 
their name left them open for , trouble, and eventually fouled 
and a basketball coach who was out in the clOSing minutes. 
more exciting to watch than Riverside, in fact, won the 
the Davi s team . This game on Irvine's errors 
unfortunate gentleman heaved scoring 23 points from th~ 
towels and clipboards, fought charity stripe to UCl's 8. 
with refs, screamed, whined, In Friday's second match, 
and g~nerally reacted to . UCSD played an even game to 

ever~thlng WIth so much beat hapless Davis 72-60. The 
emotIOn tha t one student tned victory came despite the loss of 
to bet a dollar that the coach regular forward Steve Hoch 
would suffer a pulmonary if his and despite Brian Todd 's los~ 
team lost . There were no of his glasses. Todd managed to 
takers. . . score 20 points anyway, but 

Take all thIS, throw In a few was outbid for high scoring 
anti-referee cheers (hey ref, if honors by Jon LeLevier. The 
you had one more eye, you 'd be freewheeling guard scored 21 
a cyclops) and you have all the points to keep UCSD out in 
elements of lhe traditional big front from the opening tip-off. 
game. . , . UCSD shot 50 per cent from 

There Isn t a mother In the the floor while Davis 
state who wouldn ' ~ have felt substituting' on a platoon basis: 
perfectly safe sending her son struck out with a frigid 37 per 
or daughter to the AIl·Cal cent. 
Tournament, despite the fact 
that it was held right smack in 
the middle of a University of 
California campus. 

A Close Game 
The actual basketball was, 

of course; what the whole 
ruckus was about. In the 
opening round Frida y, 
Riverside relied on the coring 
muscles of Howard Lee and 
Mike Washington, 18 and 22 
points, to ca tch tourney 
favorites UCI in the last two 

In the championship round 
the next night, it was San 
Diego's turn to freeze up. The 
Tritons shot at a 37 per cent 

ra te in lOSing 73-63 to U CR. 
UCSD Relaxes 

. The Highlanders, playing 
WIthout their previous night's 
hIgh scorer Mike Washington, 
played a dellbera te game to 
take advantage of the inside 
muscle of Howard Lee and 
Darrell Daniel , both all· 
tournament selections. UCSD's 
Jon LeLevier. redhot the 
previous night, managed only 
10 points. Brian Todd threw in 
19 to insure an all·tournament 
berth, while Mark Wilson 
added 12. 

Irvine's Anteaters easily 
handl ed Davis in the 
consolation , in a game 
dominated by the three-second 
violation . UCD ' s Mark 
Underwood and Irvine 's Phil 
Rhyne were also named to the 
all·tournament team. 

The tournament left tbe 
Tritons with an overall 9-7 
record , while Riverside, third 
place finishers in last year's 
~ollege Division eliminations, 
IS now 7·6. 

The Tritons play tonight at 
Cal Western, and will return 
home Friday to face Rhode 
Island College at 8 p.m. in the 
UCSD gymnasium. 

Triton Times J_nulry 26, 1971 P_ge 7 t 



TUESDAY, 
January 26 
LEcrURES-noon. USB 2622; 
AMES Fluid Mechanics Film 
Series . Title of film : 
"Turbulence ... 

1:30 p.m .• 2A-2402 , solid state 
physics seminar, Dr. Pincus, 

0# UCLA, "Correlation Effects in 
Organic Semiconductors " 

4:30 p.m., 2105 Bonner Hall , 
human biochemical genetics I 
biology departmental seminar; Dr. 
Hecht. Uni. of Oregon Med School , 
"Approaches to the Mapping of 
Human Genes." 
RADIO-ll p.m., KFMB (760 ); Dr. 
Nina Braunwald will be guest on 
"Topic." to discuss cardiac 
surgery 
MEETINGS- DISCUSSIONS-

3:30 .p.m., H L Auditorium ; 
San Diego Division of the 
Academic Senate. 

7:30 p.rn .. Di covery Hall 
lounge ; student-faculty discussion 
with Dr. Lawrence Waddy. 
PORTS-ba ketball . UCSD vs. 

Cal Western, varsity at 8 p.m .. JV 
at6 :30 pm., there. 

WEDNESDAY, 
January 27 

, LEcrURES-noon, 2100 BSB ; 
neurosciences seminar ; Drs. 
Bullock. Spooner. Scheich, and 
Bickford. " EEG Rh thm in Man 
and Animals." 

4 p.m.. USB 2622 : physics 
colloquium ; Dr. Reines. UCI, will 
speak on neutrino experiments. 
CAREER SEMI NAR-3 p.m., 
informal lounge, Revelle ; the 
CEPC will present a career 
seminar conducted by two teachers 
and two adminstrators from local 
community colleges. Please come 
if you are interested . or are 
considering a community college 
teaching /administration as a 
career possibility. 
MEETINGS-5 p.m., University 
Lutheran Church Student Center ; 
UCSD Ecumenical Students will 
meet for food and conversation. 
Dinner 25 cents. 

The Asian-American Student 
Alliance will not meet so tha t 
members may celebrate the 
Chinese ew Year. Gune hay fat 
choy! 
MOVI ES-Unicorn - D . H. 
Lawrence's " Women in Love" 
directed by Ken Russell with Alan 
Bates and Oliver Reed opens along 
with a film by Marty Topp. " From 
the Invasion of the Thunderbolt 
Pagoda ." Call 459-4341 for 
information. 

THURSDAY, 
January 28 
LECTURES-noon , Sumner 
Auditorium ; Sumner noon series 
presents Charles Phleger. " Alpha 
Helix Expedition to the Galapagos 
Islands, illustrated with color 
slides. 

4 p.m .. USB 2622 : astrophysics-
space physics seminar, Dr. Donat 
Wentzel. "Can Cosmic Rays Affect 
Galactic Structure?" 

4 p.m., USB 3070; joint high 
energy & theoretical solid state 
physics seminar; Dr. Shang-Keng 
Ma , "Scattering Theory and 
Correlation Functions." 

8 p.m., USB 2622 : organic 
chemistry seminar, Professor 
Lillya . " Photochemistry of 
Conjugated Dienones." 
MEETI GS-DISCUSSIONS-

7:30 p.m.. Atlantis Hall 
lounge. student faculty discussion 
with Dr . Robert VoId 
SPORTS- wrestling: 7 p.m .. UCSD 
vs. Azusa Pacific there at 7 p.m. 

FRIDAY 
January 29 
LECTURES-noon. Sumner Audi-
torium ; Marine Biology, Dr. Sims, 
UCR, "Seaweed Extractives of 
Pharmacologicallnteresl. " 

3 p.m .. Revelle Informal Lounge ; 
Philosophy Colloquim, Professor 
Olafson. Harvard . "Heidegger and 
the Disappearance of 
Consciousness. " 

3 p.m., 5013 BSB,Ames-Bi<r 
engineering Seminar. Dr. Savio 
Woo, "Structural Analysis of 
Corneo Scleral Shell ." 

KAMAlXl 
SUTRA 
THE MOTION PICTURE 
KAMA SUTRA SEEN BY 
MILLIONS OF MEN AND 
WOMEN IN EUROPE 
AND ASIA IS NOW 
rREE TO BE SHOWN 
IH THE UNITED STATES ... 
t'tNSWERS QUESTIONS EVEN A MAN AND 
WIFE DON 'T DARE ASK EACH OTHER! 

COME TO THE 

AMA5UTHA 
ANT TO SHOW YOU SOMETHINGI •• I" oolor 

181 NO ONE UNDER 18 ADMITTED 
STARTS TOMORROW! 

A WORLD OF BIZARRE PRACTICES 

, Page 8 Triton Times January 26, 1971 

MOVIES-7 : 30 p.m. (first 
howing ) USB 2722 ; Friday ight ...------------, 

Flicks, "Monterey Pop." 
Unicorn-"Women in Love," 

from D. H. Lawrence's novel , 
directed by Ken Russell with Alan 
Bates and Oliver Reed ; along with 
a film by Marty Topp, " From the 
Invasion of the Thunderbolt 
Pagoda." Call 459-4341 for more 
info. SPORTS- basketball : 8 p.m. 
here ; UCSD Varsity vs. Rhode 
Island College. 

6 p.m .. here. UCSD JV plays Cal 
Western. 

swimming: 3:30 p.m. here ; 
UCSD Vs. Pomona College . 

The Revelle 
Resident Deans 

Office gives 
nor.fund 

for money 
lost in the 
vending 

machines. 

CLASS I F.I E OS 
For Sale 

A BETTER BED! King size 
water bed, $~5.1O . The Water 
Hole, 428% EI Cajon Blvd. Z8O-
Zi1l. 
COSMETICS. For 9-25( S.m-
pIes of Randal non-allergic 
Cosmetics, (made from fruits, 
herbs, ferns , flowers. etc. and 
no harmful chemlcalsL und 
onlyS1.00 to Randall Cosmetics 
P.O. Box 2019, La Jolla, CIIif. 
State of skin is dry, normal, or 
combination, 

1969 Volkswagen Bug 
Excellent Condition. Must Sell, 
Good Price. Call Eloise Martin 
453·1957 

Service. 
Typlng~r accurate Typing on 
electric pica-term papers , 
thases, manuscripts etc. call 
Mrs. McCroskey 217-1607 
DISTINTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8888 
LORANCHET·Goodman studio, 
La Jolla , Custom Designed 
Wedding Bands Ind Sets, un-
usual and striking. Complete 
facilities for Custom Centrlfu· 
gal CIsting. 459·9241. 

Sports Arena ; Harlem 
Globetrotters perform. 
MUSIC-S:30 p.m. Recital Hall . 
1409MC ,; Intercampus Cultural 
Exchange presents Sven Hansell , 
harpsichordist, and Andre Granat, 
violini t. pla yi ng sona tas by 
Tartini. Free. ART-S p.m .. Art 
Gallery ; performances by 
graduate art students Helen 
Henning, Alyson Roberts and Fred L-__________ -' Volkswagen Van- newly re -
Lonidier. built. 1600 engine and transaxle, 

Expert Tailoring 
Michels fashion Tailor 
alteration Ind remodeling for 
men and ladles . Clothes, out of 
style, lost or gain weight, don't 
be discouraged. Bring them In 
for re·fittlng , reasonable prices, 
expert In leather Ind fur . Drive-
in parking. 633 Pearl St. Got Something To Say? 

TIle editorial pages of tlie TRITON TIMES are opeD to 
tbe eDtire Uaiyersity commuDity. U yoa feel tbe paper is 
too liberal or too CODlervative, wby DOt help to try aDd 
cbaqe its directioD. If you feel certaia iSlles or 
viewpoiDts have bee. igDOred or de-emphasized wby DOt 
express tbem your~lf. The TRITON TIMES seeks 
articles expressiq tbe views of . iDdividual. aDd 
orgaDizatioDs, studeDts aDd facalty, aDd admlDistratioD 
aDd CODceraed citizeDs. If you feel yoar ,~tiq abUlty i. 
equal to some of our columDists tbe opportuDity to 
coatrilNJte OD a regular basis is also opeD. All poteDtial 
columDists should CODtact tbe editorial director; 
iDdividualartlcles of oplaioD should be IeDt or delivered 
to tbe same. How well we reflect tbe UDiversity ClD be 
determined oDly throagb feedback from our readers. 
YC1l caD aDd should critlciu or commeDd aDY part of tbe 
paper througb letters-to-tbe-editor. , 

The women-the gemes-the power-the work-a·day 
realities ot the political I rena. Where fr iends are enemies! 
Where enemiesare lovers! Where lovers kill! Where political 
death is no further away than the slip of a tongue in 
the wrong pllce ! ! ! 

(OLOR ~1:."~ 
~ 
INnE 
WOOLD 

TWO ON A STRANGE ISLAND 
AT THE MERCY OF LOVE-STARVED AMAZONS! 

aunsO! LOll 

only one month old . Warranty 
still good. Good tires , Fantastic 
power. 753·7197 

Personals 
Need ride from M.B. for 10 :00 
a.m. class. MWF. Also need 
ride back at 3:00 p.m. Will share 
gas. 411·4031. 
Roommates wlnted for 5 
Bedroom. 3 bath house with pool 
in Cardiff. Own RM for S70 plus 
utility . Come to 1952 Crest Ind 
see it. 

ROOMMATE WANTED 
Students with house in Del Mar 
have room for 1 female. Rent 
$65. All necessities provided. 
Call 75$.3990 evenings. 

NEEDED DESPERATELY 
Paper on URBAN PROBLEMS 
" ED. TRANSPORTATION 
HOUSING etc." 
CIII HARRY 411·9929 Will Pay 

Europe Charters. Several 
schedules available . Coor · 
dina tor: Professor Margaret 
PilI. 247 Roycroft, Long Beach, 
90103. 213·438·2179 

Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 
Try Jlmes Automotive Service 
American Ind Foreign CIrs 
Repairs and Polutlon control. 
Student Discount 7741 Herschel 
La Jolla (In the rear) 459·9181 
Typing .. . ExperIenced 
typist ••• term papers, thei es, 
Electric typewrIter. Will do 
rush lobs. 453-6135. 
TYPING SERVICE-reason. 
able rates , 454-6316 

Frederick's 
Ski Shop 

Come in and see all our new 
ski fashions and equipment 

Ski lifts are operating all over (alifornia hr,. 10-8 M-F 
10-6 Sat. 
11-5 Sun. 7730 Fay La Jolla 454-1410 

PSAtells 
UCSln 
where 
-go: San FranCISco San Jose . . Sacramento, Los ","",,,,.,s . Hollywood-

Burbank. and Ontario 
So go Fr~m San Diego 

Call your campus rep 
travel ag ~t. or PSA 

gives, yau 111ft. 

NOll. VlINV!)HO l.1:lOHd-NON 


