
AS Council V oids Election 
Latest Development 

Council Votes 5-3 for New Election 

Carrie Rickey 
Staff Writer 

The joint decision of Jim Magill and Mike Palcic (elections 
commissioner and AS president respectively I to make Paul 
Kaufman AS president was overruled in an emergency session 
of the AS council on Thursday afternoon. However, the whole 
proceedings are still contingent on the facl of President 
Palcic's position on the malter . Palcic has the power to veto 
this decision. 

The motion made by Program Board Chairman Dan Spellens 
was, in effect, since the Judicial Committee does not exist, 
that the AS Council take the part of the Judicial Committee and 
make a positive decision as to what would happen in the 
elections. Dan 's motion passed by a 6 to 2 vote, one abstention. 
Tom Caryl abstained, Paul Kaufman and Barbie Butler had the 
negative votes because they did not feel it was legitimate to 
mix the judicial and executive branches of AS government. The 
balance of AS councilors present voted affirmatively. Allen 
Zink , a lawyer present, charged that the individual college 
governments might be misrepresented. 

After Spellens' motion was approved, Jim Sills moved that 
new elections for president take place from May 24-27 and 
runoffs take place from May 29 to June 2. There was much 
discussion on the matter ; Paul Kaufman tated that he was not 
opposed to a reelection, only that he was tired of elections. He 
stated that the AS meeting was a 'parliamentary orgasm," 
and that since tudents voted for David they were going to have 
to accept the consequences of his withdrawal. The question 
was moved by Dan, and despite the reluctance of certain 
members on the issue of reelections, the reel ction motion was 
passed by a vote of 5-3. Affirmative voter were Bruce Morden, 
Cindy Moore, Barbie Butler, Dan Spellens and Jim Sills. 
Negative votes were from Paul Kaufman, Tom Caryl and 
Steve Pomeroy. Jim Sills told Kaufman, "We're going to hang 
you by your ass in this reelection ," and added that he felt Paul 
and Tom voted against the student 's rights to elect their own 
president. Despite the namecalling and muckraking, Dan 

Background Story 

Shaw Withdraws, Kaufman Declared Winner 
Carrie Rickey 
Staff Writer 

]n the presence of Paul Kaufman and Rosemary Seiter, 
David Shaw's choice for "observer" in the recount of the 
Associated Students' runoff election , the new count was taken 
on Tuesday, May 11, and David Shaw emerged as victor by a 
margin of 22 votes : 827 cast for Shaw to Kaufman's total of 805. 
However, the whole proceedings concluded with a Chekhovian 
twist when, upon David Shaw 's victory, Rosemary handed a 
letter from the presid nt-elect to the election committee in 
which Shaw conceded th election to his opponent Paul 
Kaufman on the consideration of the fact that Shaw would not 
serve in the office to which he was elected. 

Mike " Heavy" Palcic , current AS president, and Jim Magill, 
Commisioner of Elections, were beset with a problem : who 
should succeed David haw? Both Jim and " Heavy" concurred 
that since the AS president for next year had not been IDstalled, 
they could not follow the normal procedure of succe sion and 
promote vice-President-elect Tom Caryl to the office of 
pre ident. It was decided by both Magill and Palcic to confer 
the office of presidency on the presidentia l candidate who had 
the highest number of votes . It wa in this fa hion that Paul 
Kaufman was named AS President on Tuesday evening. 

MORAL I SUE RAJ ED 
Ex-presidential candidate Karl Keating' response to the 

chain of events in the election was : "The e developments 
raise some moral issue and questions. If Paul Kaufman really 
is the choice of the student , then why hasn 't he come out and 
called for a new election in which he would presumably be 
elected? Mike Palcic admitted, in effect, that he was 
'appointing Paul Kaufman A Pre idenl. · Palcic 's attempt to 
continue hi 'dynasty ' is in flagrant violation of all election 
principle . If Kaufman doe n't come out and say he wants a 
new election (where Baili . Clark , Kaufman, Keating and 
Bitter will be on the ballot ), recall petitions will be circulated. 

" 1 believe that if Kaufman was really a shrewd politician he 
would call for a new elecllon. Paul' reputation would be 

(Continued on page 2) Paul Kaufman (Continued on page 2) 

triton ti 
Volume 13, Number 14 University of California, San Diego 

Revelle Cafe Speech 

Vets Cite U.S. Atrocities 
Barbara Simon 

Staff Writer 
" ] wi tnessed a Marine company annihilate an 

entire village on my first operation," related 
Vietnam veteran Barry Romo in Revelle 
Cafeteria Wednesday evening. Romo, a 
commissioned officer at age 19, told the 
audience that he received the same orders as 
Lt. Calley and refused to obey. " ] had orne 
humanity left," he said. 

"The reason that 1 won 't name my 
commanders and go through a trial is that 1 
don 't want to see more scapegoating," Romo 
continued. He said he felt that the people 
making the war policy decisions should receive 
blame rather than the officers who carry out 
policy. 

that this act symbolized what happens to 
citizens in Vietnam " 

Another Marine viewed in " Winter Soldier" 
said he saw the slaughter of civilians. the 
skinning of a . Vietnamese woman, and the 
crucifixion of Viet Cong u pects. Other 
veteran te lified to the rape and torture of 
enemy nur e , the murder of weaponless 
children, and beatings of Vietname e civilians 
all conducted by Americans. 

" It was drilled into us that all Vietnamese 
men were guerillas and that all Vietnamese 
women and children wanted to kill us ," said 
Romo. " We became paranoid of everyone and 
believed what we were told about all 
Vietnamese being members of the Viet Cong," 
he added. 

"Vietnamese, Commie, and Cook" were 
synonymous terms used by American 
servicemen in Vietnam, said Romo. He said he 
feels that the American people will not admit to 
the dehumanization and racism of U.S. soldiers. Bill Branson, Mark Hartford, and Barry 

Romo, wbo all received medal for service in 
Vietnam, answer questions about tbeir 
experiences before audience in Revelle 

Friday, May 14, 1911 

cafeteria. Tb Y howed tbe documentar 
" Winter Soldier" wbieb gives te timoDie of 
other veteran about American war atrocitie . 

Romo spoke briefly of his conservative 
background of 12 years of education in a private 
Catholic chool , and his work as president of a 
Young Republicans chapter for Barry 
GOldwater in 1964 . By the time of his honorable 
di charge, Romo has reached the rank of 
Lit'IIt.enant and had received two bronze stars 
for his service in military action. 

Homo and two other members of Vietnam 
Veterans Against the War who presented a 
discussion of their experiences and showed the 
movie. "Winter Soldier," were sponsored by the 
Medical Committee for Human Rights . " Winter 
Soldier" is a 17-minute documentary of the 36 
hours of testimony by Vietnam veterans on Jan. 
31. Feb. 1 and Feb. 2 of thi year in Detroit. 

Romo said he participated in attacks on 
villages which took place with no advance 
warning. The next day, the bodies of all the 
civilians were counted as Viet Cong, he said. 
Romo stated that the only thing that mattered 
was the body count to add to the score. Paris (ommune 01 1811 Recalled 

Dally Atrocities Committed 

. "The film i presented to give you 
lD~ormation on what happened in Vietnam," 
ald. Romo. A major point brought out by the 
testl~onies is that atrocities by American 
servicemen were committed daily in Vietnam. 

One ex-Marine commented in the film that 
b fo.re he went to Vietnam, a rabbit was brought 
to hi last training session. He said the rabbit 
wa klnned, disemboweled, and the inside 
thrown to the Marines. The peaker continued 

Proven Civilians Killed 

" 1 can personally testify to the killing of three 
Vietnamese who were proven to be civilians." 
said Mark Hartford, a veteran of 13 months in 
Korea as well as Vietnam military duty . 

Concerning the i sue of American prisoners of 
war, Hartford mentioned that former POW's 
who lived in North Vietnam for three to five 
years all te tified to the good treatment th y 
received . Food served to the POW's wa 
adequate and equitable with the North 
Vietname e diet. Th CIA told the releas d 
POW's who Hartford ha poken with, that 
information about their treatment wa 

ICoatiDUed 011 pa,e 3) 

Mike Morgan 

Five hundred student , faculty and non-
campus guests crowded into SB 2722 Tue day 
night for a centennial commemoration of the 
Pari Commune of 187l. Franz Nauen, herry 
Smith, Theodore Edwards and Herbert Marcu e 
were the featured speakers ; Mike Hannigan, 
moderator. 

Nauen, U SO Hi tor pr fe or , r count d 
the vent of 1871 , relating how th Commune 
was et up b the worker and mall 
hopkeeper of Paris after France ' d f at in 

the 1870 war with Pru ia . When th bour eoi 
governm nt of Adolphe Thier attempt d to 
di rm the e peopte, who wer known a th 
National uard , a revol n ued in which two 
g n rals w re killed. Th National uard found 

pok on 
( ontinued OD pa,e 3) 



.. 

(CoaIIDaed fnm PIle 1) 
tarni3hed if he remained in his newly-ascended position as 
mino:-ity-supported president. If Kaufman refuses a new 
electlOn he is admitting that he cannot win a majority on his 
own." Keatin~ went on to tell the TRITON TIMES about the 
origins of his support of with David Shaw : 

"Several friends and I met with David ; we discussed what 
might prompt me to publicly back Shaw. Because my friends 
and I all understood David to mean that he would stay in office 
for a year. I agreed to endorse him." Keating also implied that 
he knew that Shaw had plans for an executive committee to run 
the AS, when asked by the TRITON TIMES if he expected to be 
appointed to that committee, Keating answered : .. I knew there 
would be a member of Conservative persuasion. I didn 't know 
if I would be Shaw's choice." 

SHAW DlSPVfES KEATING STATEMENT 
When informed of Mr. Keating's statement, David Shaw, the 

candidate who refused to serve when elected. had only two 
statements to make: .. As I understand it. Karl decided 
independently to support me after I explained to him and his 
friends the nature of my candidacy. I sincerely apologize for 
any misunderstanding on the part of Keating or any of his 
supporters of my beliefs and reasons for running ; r am now, 
after speaking with Karl , not convinced that these beliefs were 
thoroughly understood by him. I have never concerned myself 
with the AS organization and am sorry that some students 
voted for me who had such concerns." 

When asked about the possible recall of Paul Kaufman and 
the possible r~election of AS President, Shaw remarked: " 1 
have never cared who performs the duties of AS President, I 
couldn 't care less ." 

Jim Magill , Commissioner of Elections, has been plagued 
with demands from angry students concerning the 
unprecedented way the elections were handled this year . There 
have been shouts of foul play from many quarter ; particularly 
from one source, however, stem many of the e criticisms. 
The AMS, " Association of Moderate Students," sponsored by 
students of all political persuasions (according to Karl 
Keating ), printed a newsletter entitled " Unanswered 
Questions." In this leaflet several statements were posed and 
questions asked . Basically. this leaflet called for a reelection, 
and implied that the proceedings were ··fishy." Magill said: 
" Lots of people are crying. 'Unfair !' about Shaw's concession. 
The e people who voted for Shaw voted to support whatever he 
wanted to do. If David decided to concede the election to Paul , 

then his (David's) supporters have no call to cry about unfair 
elections ... 

KAUFMAN CHOSEN HEIR? 
Paul Kaufman, newly-appointed President-elect of the 

Associated Students, was read Keating 's critique of the 
election process. Mr. Keating charged that : "As everyone 
around the council knows, Paul was Mike's (Palcic) chosen 
heil. Bruce Morden asked Mike if he was, in effect, appointing 
Paul as his heir. Mike said, 'Yes, that 's right. '" 

When asked if he was, as Karl Keating accused, Mike 
Pa\cic's heir, Paul Kaufman replied : "I am not heir to anyone. 
I couldn't possibly be Heavy 's Walcic) heir because Heavy and 
I have differed on too many vital issues and proposals ." 
Kaufman was also asked if he felt that his succession , as it 
stood at present, was legal : Kaufman 's answer was: " I 
became president-elect with the withdrawal of David Shaw. 
Although I find this perfecUy legitimate, I am not adverse to 
havir.g a reelection if the student body is uncomfortable with 
the situation at present. " He added , "I'm disgusted with these 
petty political maneuvers, power politicking, and distortion of 

, facts . I'd like to get down to work." 
Associate Students' President Mike " Heavy" Palcic was 
a~ked much the same questions as were posed to Kaufman . 
When queried about Paul being his heir, Mike said : " In no way 
did I support Paul's candidacy. In no way did r support anyone 
else 's candidacy. The only reason anyone would call Paul my 
heir is because Paul happens to serve on this year 's AS 
council. " 

P ALCIC CLAIMS NO CONSPIRACY 
President Palcic believes that the succession in the election 

was legitimate because : " In the first place David Shaw won by 
a very narrow majority and when he consequently conceded by 
his withdrawal, it was my position to propose the person who 
would fill the office. It was my decision to make the candidate 
with the next largest number of votes president. I did not 
conspire with David Shaw to do this . Paul did not conspire with 
David Shaw to do this." The outgoing president seemed 
unreceptive to the idea of a reelection : " If we did have a 
reelection, who would we have a reelection between?" 

Three other students of different persuasions were polled as 
to their opinions on the status quo of the proceedings. Jim Sills 
submitted a statement that read : "The deal by which Paul 
Kaufman , who lost the election, has become AS president is the 
latest and most grotesque maneuver of the clique which has 
run AS government for the last three years . Shaw, who posed 
as an oppositionist handed the election to his supposed rival 
Kaufman . This election was slacked from the beginning. I plan 
to circulate recall petitions if Kaufman does not resign. We 
should have an AS president who has support of the majority of 

MEET THE SOUND FREAKS ... 

THEY CAN FILL YOUR EVERY STEREO 
NEED AT DOW SOUND CITY'S LOW PRICES 

THE SYSTEM 600 

_ ......... lr.. 
Model No. 27 • Retail Pnce $29900 

incl. Free Walnut case 

Super components, like a Marantz 27, a 60-watt FM/ AM receiver with ex-
clusive Marantz Gyro Tuning in a walnut case. Two incredible DSC ill 's, 
with frequency response of 30 Hz to 20,000 Hz , 8-ohm impedance, and a 
12'" bass speaker, a 6'" lower midrange speaker , a 3V2'" upper midrange 
speaker, plus a 2'" super tweeter, all housed in hand rubbed walnut cases . 
Top all of this off with the acclaimed Garrard 728 changer with base and 
dust cover. Now you 're ready to just sit back and groove . 

~. 

Retail price 5795.00 

Dow Sound City price 59~.50 
You sa~e 195.40 

FREE! $20.00 slereo earphones with any purchase of $70.00 or more and this ad! 
. Easy Terms - Trade-Ins Accepted - The Sound Freaks Honor Master Charge, BankAmerlcard and Money. 

WIN A SYLVANIA STEREO CONSOLE! GET FREE ENTRY BLANKS AT 

'Dc?!.~!4,~ 
FASHION VALLEY EAST, SAN DIEGO 

PHONE : 291 -5595 
3686 EL CAJON BOULEVARD, SAN DIEGO 

PHONE: 283-2325 
Other store locations are : Pasadena, Goleta and Oxnard 

Page 2 Triton Times Friday May 14, 1971 

the voters . Shaw said the AS is a joke. Now we know what he 
meant. " 

STUDENT EXPRESSES DISCONTENT 
Katie Rudner, a Muir College Student, expressed a sentiment 

that is seemingly snowballing throughout the student 
community. " I'm tired of elections and mudslinging and 
politicking. I don't approve of a reelection unless there is a 
total student upheaval. because I don 't think the issues were 
clearly defined or weH-presented ; nor do I feel a significant 
proportion of students were interested." Miss Rudner 
reiterated her discontent about the elections and emphasized 
that she couldn't see the point in beating a dead horse and 
drawing out the elections any further. 

Michael J.C. Brown (also known as "Flash" and " Noah" ) 
told the TRITON TIMES: "I think that people voted for Shaw 
because they were in direct opposition to a certain political 
machine : petty student power politiCS. I think David 's 
concession to Paul was outrageous. It seems to me that 
questions of deception and integrity must be considered." 
When questioned about the possibility of a reelection he 
replied , " I think there should certainly be a reelection , and I 
think elections should be open to anyone who wants to run. 
These election proceedings are a prime example of the 
absurdity and manipulation involved in these types of AS 
governments. " 

The political spectrum although divergent, agrees on one 
thing : a reform is needed in the election process. The TRITON 
TIMES urges everyone to respond to the political scene on 
campus today. Whether you believe the elections were fair or 
the elections were questionable, let the Associated Student 's 
o(ficials know your position. 

AS Coundl. ••• 
(CoDtiDUed from page 1) 

Spellens and Steve Pomeroy each made their plea to stop the 
mudslinging. 

After the meeting Sills made one further statement: "The 
council's action was a courageous and valiant act which 
hopefully will reassert the student's faith in AS. Students will 
now have the opportunity to re-elect their candidates. " 

The other Jim at the meeting, Jim Magill , remarked that the 
council had illegally convened because proper notification had 
not been given to Third College Representative David Ichelson. 
He also said that Jim Sills and Karl Keating made another 
conscious attempt to use a facade of supporting the defenseless 
member of the student body and they did this by 
misrepre enting Shaw's case. Magill added that the tactics 
employed by Sills and Keating were li es and distortion. 

: ::::::.:::.:::::::~: .:.:~:.: .:.:~:.:.:::.:.:.:. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .:.:.:.: .;.:.: .:.:.: .:.:.:.:.:.: .!.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. 

Students 
(except Sot Eve) 

CALIGULA 
Ibert Camus' 

penetrati ng drama or the 
deeadenl Roman 
Eml,eror".a ll who oppose 
his di s lorted idea s or 
human value s are 
threatened by Caligula', 
I) rannieal rul e ... 
$2..50 (11Hl .. Wecl., fhun.. Su .. __ ., 
$1.00 1 .. 1 • Set . ..... 1 
$2.00 1 Sun. __ May \6 
SI.JOStu . t"'",C". & I ........ MIl . 

••. w .... . 

cassius carter 
centre stage 

ADJA(IIII 10 011 Gl0ll11lAI1II 

WE DON'T TAKE YOUR MOVE LIGHTLY 

AAA VAN & STORAGE CO. 

LOCAL 

583-7155 
SAN DIEGO 

NATIONAL 
WORLDWIDE 

757-6332 
NORTH COUNTY 

444-9455 
ELCAJON 

NEWL Y APPOINTED STAFF AND FACULTY MEMBERS 
WE OFFER COMPLETE SERVICE FROM ALL 
PARTS OF THE COUNTRY TO UCSD 

Viet Nom Vets ••. 
(Continued from page II 

classified. 
Defoliants used in Vietnam contain 

tha lidomide which ca uses deformed 
Vietnamese children. according to Hartford. 
"The babies are not communists." he added. 

Figures cited by Hartford state that 30 per 
cent of Vietnam has been effectively destroyed 
by defoliants. Three to four generatio~s will 
experience the consequence of defoliation. he 
predicted . 

Another issue that bothered Hartford is the 
operation and financing of Veterans 
Administration hospitals. "I'm more concerned 
with my brothers who have no arms and leg 
than the well cared for U.S. POW 's," he said. He 
observed poor treatment and neglect of the 
friends he has visited in V A hospitals. 

Hartford reported that in addition to gi ving 
inadeql;late care. the VA hospitals are equipped 
to handle only a few of the many drug addicted 
Vietnam veterans. Addicts released by the 
military are thrown into jail because the 
hospitals have no room, he said . According to 
Hartford's information, the CIA is responsible 
for bringing 80 per cent of the opium and heroin 
into Vietnam. "The CIA is helping to addict my 
brothers in Vietnam today, " he added. 

Non-Violent Tactics Suggested 

At the conrlusion of his presentation, 
Hartford suggested a non·violent tactic to be 
used by peace action groups. The tactic is 
guerilla theater such as the search and destroy 
skits whieh Hartford and others performed in 
Washington, D.C. and Southern California. 

While in Washington. Hartford said he saw 96 
Vietnam veterans refused an audience with 
Senator James Buckley. Hartford also saw 
Senator Buckley lock his door and refuse to 
answer the knock of a veteran in a wheelchair 
who had no legs. 

Vietnam veteran Bill Branson joined Hartford 
and Romo on stage for a discussion with the 
audience . One questioner asked if it was true 
that CO medics were shot by fellow Americans. 
None of the veterans knew of such an event, but 
Branson explained situations where morale was 
so bad that soldiers actually killed their non· 

commissioned oHicer . 
Another person from the audience wanted to 

know if any pilots testified at the hearings in 
Detroit during Jan 31·Feb. 2, 1971. Hartford 
answered that pilots did testify to the fact that 
they were allowed to hit only primary and 
secondary targets . "The primary target was the 
military goal. and the secondary target was 
everything el e." reported Hartford. 

A Vietnam veteran who now attends Mesa 
College stated that his role in the Air Force in 
1966-67 was to find targets for planes returning 
from bombing missions ... I couldn't understand 
why we were in a war yet couldn 't find targets, " 
he s3id. and continued the the bombs were often 
exploded in water resources. 

Purposeless Bombs 

Mike Ker, also a member of the Vietnam 
Veterans Against the War, said he had viewed 
areas in Vietnam which were cordoned off 
especially for exploding extra bombs. "We just 
dropped the bombs no matter who was in the 
area." he sai!! . 

"Every once in a while Americans fired on 
Amencans, and often orders to drop bombs 
within 15 seconds,no matter where the plane 
was , resulted in indiscriminant bombings," Ker 
said. 

After the discussion, Ker spoke about the the 
peace march sponsored by the VV A W on 
Saturday May 15 in downtown San Diego. The 
march will follow the Armed Forces Day 
parade which is scheduled earlier in the 
morning. Ker stated that the reason a separate 
march was organized was that the VVAW were 
refused permission to join the city-sponsored 
parade. 

Several people in the audience were skeptical 
of the effectiveness of another peace march. 
Mark Hartford responded that " marching is 
absurd , but not to march is even more absurd." 

The audience was urged to act on their beliefs 
about the war and the testimonies they viewed 
Wednesday evening. " Do your own thing, 
whether it is marching, writing letters, guerilla 
theater, or demonstrations ." Hartford 
reiterated. 

Two Sides to.Armed Forces Day 
Saturday is Armed Forces Day and San Diego will be out in 

force to honor one of its largest industries. Following the 
regulars who start their march at 10 a.m. will be a peace 
march led by anti-war veterans atll :30. assembli ng at 8th and 
Broadway, downtown. 

The march will be followed Saturday night and Sunday by 
performances by Dick Gregory, Jane Fonda , Donald 
Sutherland, Joan Baez, David Harris and the teatro Mestizo. 
While the Saturday show will be limited to G ('S because of 
space, $2 tickets are available at the Urey Hall ticket office to 
Sunday's 2 p.m. show, in Russ Auditorium located at 12th and 
Rus . 

Politics and Humanity 
John Vasconcellos, and assemblyman who believes in "A 

politics of personal responsibility and human community," will 
speak today at noon in Revelle Plaza . The Santa Clara 
assemblyman has stated, "Each of us must wonder how we can 
discover more of ourselves-how to discover more faith , more 
trust , more sensitivity, more compassion, more caring, more 
love-in and toward, with and for , each and every other person 
in our state. Each of us must assume and recognize- much 
more-our personal responsibility, to discover our 
commitment, to become involved, to participate in solving the 
problems of our fellow human beings." 

Economics in the Future 
Dr. Roger Freeman, former economic advisor to President 

Eisenhower, will speak today at 4 p.m. in HL Auditorium. His 
topic will be " National Priorities in the Decade Ahead." 

Accordin~ to Dr. Freeman. the subiect distills into whether 
one feels domestic needs or defense needs should come first. 

A senior fellow at the Hoover Institution on War, Revolution , 
and Peace. Dr . Freeman is the author of several books on 
education , and he has served in several governmental positions. 
He has served as the fiscal advisor to the gov~rnment of 
Bolivia . 

An informal question and answer period will follow his talk , 
which is sponsored by the Independent Studies Forum. 

Commune •.• 
(Continued from page n 

the sig nificance of the 
Communp on later 
revolutionary theory . The 
experi nce of the Commune led 
Marx to revise the Communist 
Manifesto and influenced 
Lenin 's book "State and 
Revolution," and Trotsky 's 
theory of continuous 
revolution . 

Herbert Marcuse brought an 
end to the program, speaking 
on whatles ons could be gained 
from the Commune. He termed 
the Paris Commune " as 
perhaps the most tragic even t 
in history" for his generation of 
sociailsts. Dr. Marcuse stated 
that the example of the forces 
of " law and order" killing 
40 ,000 Parisians after the 
demise of the Commune proves 
the inherent violence of the 
bourgeois class. In addition. 
Marcuse stressed the artistic 
and cullural aspects of the 
Commune. Ending the speech, 
he asked for a moment of 
silence for the Communards. 

Friday, May 14, 1971 Triton Times Plge 3 



Bal~oa Stadium 
Sa)" Diego to Host NAJA District Meet 
There is a good chance that at least 10 new 

records will be put in the books during the 
annual NAIA District 3 Track and Field 
Championships scheduled for May 14 and 15 
here in Balboa Stadium. 

Howie Hunt, meet director , said more than 
200 athletes from 16 colleges are expected to 
assault the records beginning at 7 p.m. Friday 
and concluding Saturday at9 :30 p.m. 

United States International University is the 
defending champion and is co-hosting the meet 
with UCSD. Occidental College, entering for the 
first time, will be favored to unseat the 
Westerners, with Westmont, Fresno Pacific, 
Redlands and USIU holding outside chances 
with outstanding individual performers. 

Two records that are almost certain to pass 
out of existence are in the 100 and 22O-yard 
dashes . Westmont's Jean-Louis 
Ravelomantsoa, sprinter from Madagascar, has 
been clocked in 9.3 seconds for the century , 
which is two· tenths of a second better than the 
present mark of 9.5. His 21.0 for the 220 is three-
tenths of a secdnd better than the standard for 
this event. 

Hugh Brown, Occidental 's premier 440 entry . 
has a best of 46.8 this year and the record is 47 .4. 
He also has run the 880 in 1 :51.9 which is only 
six -tenths of a second slower than the record . 

USI 's Jeff Matthews has bettered the 
District 3 records in the one mile run (4 :03 
compared to 4:03.9), the 3-mile run (14 :03.9 
compared to 14 :07 .1) and 3.000-meter 
steeplechase (9:08.7 compared to 9:45.51. 
However, Coach Jim Crakes said that his 

distance ace from Auckland. New Zealand . will 
probably concentrate on the one-mile run and 
the 3.000-meter steeplechase. 

Another USIU athelete. Benjt Nilsson, discus 
thrower from Sweden, stands a good chance of 
pulling a new mark on the board in his favorite 
event. He has a season best of 180 feet , 4 inches, 
compared to the record of 170 feet, 5 inches. 

Two other records in jeopardy are in the 
hammer throw, where Westmont's Dan Bryant 
has thrown 162 feet, 3 inches to exceed the old 
standard of 159 fcet , and the one-mile relay, an 
event in which Occidental has becn clocked in 
3: 13.4, which is two full seconds lower than the 
record. 

Jerry Proctor, Redland 's all -around athlete, 
set the long jump record of 25 feet , 10 inches in 
1969 and he has tied that mark this spring. And 
Dan Jakie. triple jumper from Pomona College, 
has leaped 49 feet, I inch, which equals the 
record for this event. 

This will mark the first lime the meet has 
ever been held in San Diego, and besides USIU 
and UCSD other schools entered are Occidental , 
Redlands, Fresno Pacific, Westmont, Cal 
Lutheran, Biola . Azusa Pacific , Pomona 
College, Whittier , Pasadena , LaVerne , 
Claremont Mudd and Stanislaus State. 

The finishes of all races will be checked with 
photographic equipment provided by the Sony 
Corporation. 

Past winners of the meet have been: 1962-
Redlands; 1963-Pepperdine ; 1964-USIU ; 1965-
Redlands ; 1966-Redlands ; 1967-Redlands ; 1968-
Westmont ; 1969-Westmont ; 1970-USIU . 

I L.A. to LONDON , 
..................................... 

I return from Amsterdam I 
II .... "/50p!. " 1'69 I 
11 .... 11/50"'. 1 1269 1 
1, .... 25/ ..... . 26 126 .. 1 • 
I I I 

COFFEE HUT-COFFEE HUT 
MUSIC 

II' .... 26,150", . 26 S 26"1 
I".,... 20n0 Woy,...... S 13,1 I 
I Hnmedio1. ~k"ino fot c:iw::ount " gMt; london to I I ToI .. ..;.. $ n . , ...... os 152.80 . .. 1Iomboy $ 150 I 
Ito Nair. S 150. lewtt dhcounh on (on and I ......, ..... flig .... 
I MAll COUPON OR 'HONE I 
I 0. Iontto, (213) 217·5200 .. 115·31 11 I I ,I· _no r ..... l. "75 Sa.", Mooico • •• I 
, ..... IrHI~. I 
1--------------------1 110"" ________________ 1 
I I 
I Qr.-------------------I 

FRI-WALLY 
9·1 2 

FILM-COCONUTS 
SAT (MARX BROS) 

FREE-FREE-FREE-FREE 

The House presents KEY, an album 
of invisible theatre by Meredith 

Monk. A limited edition, $6.50. 
Mail order, checks payable to 
Increase Records, 

931 La Cienega Blvd., 
Los Angeles, Calif. 90069 

/ / 
'/ " / ; I ,1 , . I~ ., I If· I 1 , / , I 7 f , ) , 1 ; 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, May 14,1971 

sports 
Intramural Davis Trip 

Competition Will be Tough? 
This morning at 9:30 a.m . 31 

UCSD representatives boarded 
flight 281 for the Sacramento 
Airport. They are on their way 
to the Davis Picnic. 

soccer team ; and the 
Phobedrads, a co-ed softball 
team. The Zoo fought a tough 
trail on the way to their 
championship, as did the 
Phobedrads who won their 
chance to go to Davis in a 
doub le elimination 
tournament. The others going 
are a three man-three woman 
volleyball team, two tennis 
players, two bowlers, and two 
intramural directors. 

Winning seems to be in doubt 
for some of the contestants, as 
a TRITON TIMES reporter 
noted this conversation just 

before the loading of the plane: 
"Yeah, well , we'll be lucky if 
we come back with our 
shorts," said one contestant. 
Another replied, " You dildo, 
we can't lose ; we are going on 
the trip, we have already won." 
"You two guys are crazy, I'm 
going to have a great time ; I'm 
going to be drunk the whole 
time, that way no one loses." 

Look for the photo page nut 
Friday on the trip and the 
results of the UCSD entrants. 
Good luck gang and 
congratulations DeAnza, you 
made it! 

Lee Johnson, the intramural 
director, was pleased to hand 
tickets to the members of the 
various co-ed teams that had 
earned the right to go to Davis. 
Cooed softball, soccer , 
volleyball, badmitton, bowling 
and tennis are the activities in 
which the UCSD athletes will 
participate . Elimination 
tournaments and competitions 
were used to decide the UCSD 
representatives who will face 
the tough competition at Davis. 

Speaking of the competition, 
Lee Johnson and various 
members of the athletic group 
have said that UCSD doesn't 
have a chance against such 
schools as UCLA or Berkeley. 
The seriousness of competition 
was seen here at UCSD ; now 
we can go to Davis to have a 
good time. There will be a luau 
for the contestant tonight 
after the first of two days of 
competition. 

Recreation 

The two organized teams in 
league that won their way to 
Davis were the Zoo, a cooed 

SiAl @ 
NlliRJRM 

11 ~~ IJ1MfS) 
NOW OKH 'o~ WUKEND ~[T~E"TS 

VOGA - MEDITATION - ItiAJANS 

TIeIII, CallfoMla 0" , ... Mulct" hrder 
It the foot of Mt. (",tnt"" • 

$10 "'l*"IOft per ...... end. Unct. the 
dlrlCtlo" ot IHr. o..I,M flkfWIN lock . 

e," SlUlYI StI .... eMlff 'or Il'If.,..,."o", 
, ....... tlOft, 1ft4I"lrkt50", ZI'.I7I·SO" 

On Saturday, May 22 , the 
UCSD Angling Club will 
sponsor the First Annual 
Spring Fishing Derby. First 
prize will be a Rod and Reel 
combination of a Tru-Line 4X, 
donated by the Tru-Line Rod 
Co., and a Penn 27 Reel ; total 
value, $75. 

The contest will be under 
Intercollegiate Regulation and 
held aboard the boat Fiesta, 
skippered by Mike Fulliloue of 
the Point Lorna SportSfishing 
Association. 

If 
poo ....... stN ia _ ,y,," 

... ..... . ....,os' ... 

POO' "till'" _,.. ..... w .... 
. ...~fitsfwpoo 

No phone calls 
Stop in and see John 

?AC~r~C 
YAMAKA 

1&&1 .I'.lt avl 
Icific ~elc~ 4I1-1i55 

The Coronado IslaOds will be 
the area fished . Yellowtail will 
be the prime fish sought. Any 
student, (acuity or staff 
member of UCSD is eligible. 
There will be DO entrance fee 
other than the cost to board the 
boat. There is a possibility of a 
discount rate if enough people 
go, so if you are planning to 
enter, please come to the club 
meeting on Tuesday, May 18, at 
6:30 p.m. in the PE classroom, 
or call 224-1048 or ext. 2283 and 
leave your name and phone. 

HYPNOSIS 
CONSULTANT 

YOU CAN CONTROl 
SMOKING-WEIGHT 
MEMORY·NERVES 

CONFIDENCE-INSOMNIA 
SElF HYPNOSIS TAUGHT 

LOW LOW RATES 
D. RAKOW 

BY APT ONLY 211-4510 

A coUeae graduate just doesn't Itt 
the warm welcome he used to. 

There's a lot of competition in the job market 
today. And a college degree alone just 
doesn't carry as much weight with some 
employers . 

That's why Honeywell developed their 
Postgraduate Studies Program. A program 
designed exclusively for college graduates . 

No matter what you r college major is. If 
you can qualify you'll be ready to learn com· 
puters from one of the world 's top computer 
manufacturers and leading educators, 
Honeywell. 

You'll be ready to start right off in 
the fastest growing industry around. 
An industry that doubles in size and 
opportunity every five years . 

There still won't be any brass bands 
around to greet you, but you will get a 
warm handshake. All you have to do is 
mail this coupon. Or call (714) 870·0120. 

~~~~~~~----------, I Hon.y .... 11 Institulo of tnformat ion ScI.ncH I 
2600 ElSt Nulwood Avenut I I Fullerton. California '2631 

I 0 I ... ould like additional Informlt lon I I on your prOlram. 
I 0 I would like to . rrance an Inter. vi . ... on_--:=:-;-_"_=",,1 
I . 
I Honeywell will calJ you to confi,m thll date and time. 
I Nom. : _________________ ~ 
I St'.el: ___________ _ 
I City : ____________ _ 
I Stlte: Zlp: ___ _ 
I BUllne .. Phone: ________ _ 
I R .. ld.nco Phono:: ________ _ 
I I L ________________ J 

1k Other CoolJmr COO1plJ1y. 
Honeywell 

.. 

UCSD at Play 
On a Foggy Day 

Matt Hinton 
Photography Editor 

You 've just gol to be patient . It's May, certa inly i 
but in La Jolla May doesn 't mean what i t does in a 
lot of other places-no bright sunshine and green 
grass, no pleasant idylls in the springtime fields _ 
A.Aay is just a warmer February, the fog drifting in 
gr~y and constant off the ocean . The colors go out 
of everything, the wor ld becomes washed-out and 
dim . 

Those few enthusiasts who, looking at the 
calendar instead of the sky, haul out the baseball 
gloves or the tennis rackets and say that by God it's 
spring no matter how dark the day, find 
themselves jogging lonely in the fog . They throw 
their baseballs 10 no one, return Ihe volleys of 
invisible opponents. And they th ink a lot about the 
sun . 

." .. ···"·· "J.r· .. ·f'"..;. ~ "' ~#4 ( ".""._'.' 
, ..... , .... , ...... " . ", ..... , . ., .. 

, ", • '" • ". .."""...." f , , .. " 

Photos/Mott Hinton 

Friday, May 14,1971 Triton Times Page 5 



• • opinion 
The opinions 'lIIpr.ned on these pages ore those of the authors whow nomes appeor in the bylines and do not neces-
IOrily refled the .iew. 01 th. TRITON TIMES. Anyon. de.iring to wbmit moteriol to be published on these poges .hould 
.end it to the Editoriol Oire<tor, TRITON TIMES, 117 Bloke Hall, UCSO. 

A Faculty View 

Students and Teachers 
Once Again 

Donald W csling 
Professor of Eng lish Literature Why I Concede 

David S haw 
As I said at the beginning of and throughout 

the pre-electoral period, I have never been 
willing to personally accept the presidency of 
the Associated Students. My "candidacy" was 
lOt an opportunity for tudents to vote an 
"alternative" candidate into office, to dissolve 
or overhaul the AS government , to 
institutionalize surrealism and provide comic 
relief. or to arrect miraculous changes in the 
classroom environment. 

"winner" may be of little importance to my 
real supporters. 

The fact that I may have "won" (which may 
never be entirely clear I presents certain 
problems. though. When it became apparent 
shortly before the primary election that I might 
no longer be a "dark horse" candidate, I 
suggested that I might ask a small, 
unobtrusive but reasonably competent group 

Last Fall Steve Landau , a TRITON TIMES 
staff writer , saddened and depressed a lot of us 
on the faculty when he borrowed Spiro Agnew's 
exact words to describe all professors as effete 
snobs. Even after making the usual allowances 
for the sort of blind invective and simple boyish 
(and girlish I exaggeration we perversely prize 
in the TIMES, Landau 's description hurt. Who 
was he, one of our own people after all , to use 
against this community I such as it is ), the 
unsubtle and extremist words of our enemies? 

opPOsite need, whieh is always more loudly 
demanded. 

A man has the power to teach well ; or he has 
the power to talk nonsense, to grade 
capriciously or vengefully, to embarrass 
students before their peers. From the student's 
point of view , the troublesome thing is the 
power itself , the unhappy consciousness of being 
subiecl to the will of another . 

I don ·t see this situation changing, I don't see 
the possibility of an adequately human faculty 
response to the cry for help, until the University 
and the surrounding society are profoundly 
changed. In the University itself, we need to 
make a start by devisi!lg institutional forms 
which manifest charity and equality ; by forCing 
the surrender of wrongly conceived professorial 
powers wherever possi bit·; by su pplanting the 
old collegiate myth of teacher-student harmony 
with a new spirit of intelligent and aggressive 
contestation in which students (like Landau ) 
will have to take their knocks like everyone 
else. 

Each of these pursuits might be considered 
legitimate and even quite important by some, 
but none formed the basis for my activities. 
During the past month I have maintained time 
and time again that the most significant and 
satisfying changes which might occur at UCSD 
cannot be initiated by any political leader, but 
must spring from an honest and unbounded self-
evaluation on the part of all of us. 

I have never critized the AS government as 
a legislative body, or my "opponents" as 
errective and sensitive executives, but rather 
have publicly observed that the great majority 
of students are 0 fa r removed from the 
activities of both as to make the AS a non-
representative government. These beliefs, of 
course, made the possibility of assuming a 
leadership role in the AS unthinkable from the 
start. Why then, did I let myself be cunsidered a 
candidate for the presidency, and why did I not 
withdraw before the final election'! 

The answer to the first question is obvious: by 
inserting myself into the electoral ci rcus. I was 
able to give exposure to questions I consider 
fu ndamental. For three years I have used the 
TRITON TIMES, KSDT, personal dialogue, 
guerilla theater, and group discussions to 
communicate with other UCSD students. 
During this period I learned how easily we 
shelve potentially significant student output in 
the Opinion section of TT and summarily 
dismiss its contents, and how quickly by 
comparison we digest and consider the thoughts 
of those who define themsel ves as candidates. 

The decision to await the results of the 
election. however, was reached with less 
certainty. I seriously con idered withdrawing 
before the election. since the job I had set out to 
do was for the most part completed after the 
debate. My name on the ballot, however. 
seemed to oHer an opportunity for students to 
go on record as refusing to recognize the AS a 
their representative organization and to 
indicate their reluctance to turn to AS for 
consideration of questions they fi nd 
significant. 

My friends and I considered my name on the 
ballot a "none of the above" choice-a chance 
to register our present political apathy and 
prevent the usual thirty percent turnout from 
being considered a representative sampling of 
student feelings-an opportunity to negate the 
uncompromising binary choice our elections 
have become. For this reason, we attributed 
some symbolic importance to the election 
results, and decided to stick it out. 

The fact that Kaufman led by 12 or 18 votes in 
the first two countings and (for some reason ) 
trailed by 23 and 22 in the final measure and 
recounts of little significance to those who are 
familiar with my reasons for running : a large 
number of students who apparently identified 
with my perception of the academic community 
of UCSD-1971 registered their feelings by 
vot ng; the exact figures and resultant 

of students fro!!) various campus factions to 
fulfill the maintenance functions of the AS 
presidency while I myself stepped down from 
the office. (An interesting idiom : why does one 
not speak of stepping out of, or even up from the 
presidency '?) Although it still seemed an 
academic question (another interesting idiom ). 
I repeated my intention on several other 
occasions, including the debate. but exercised 
great caution to avoid the impression that the 
nominal plan was a significant part of my 
candidacy. 

Space limitations prevented my discussing 
any plans contingent upon " winning" the 
election in my platform- it was trouble enough 
encapsulating the ideas I considered 
important- and my statement after the general 
election was held to two sentences by the news 
staff. Thus it appears that a number of students 
who voted for me may have been unaware of my 
intentions when they voted. 

Some student feedback during the past 
several days has convinced me that, although 1 
acted in good faith during the pre-electoral 
period , communica tion problems have resulted 
in a number of students voting for me who 
would not have if they had known that I would 
not personally serve. Even accepting the most 
generous count, 24 such students would have 
given the election clearly to Kaufman, Thus, 
while my concession may be disappointing to 
some, the formation of a governing committee 
seems at this point even less equitable. The only 
other real alternative would be to accept the 
presidency I if indeed I have been elected I and 
refuse to perform any of the duties prescribed 
[or that office. This would surely satisfy no one. 

In hort. 1 have found no "good" olution to 
the problem at hand , but consider concession at 
present the best. I have tormented myself for 
the past several days with questions of 
integrity, respon ibility and concern for those 
who voted. and have decided that, in view of 
deficient communications and possible 
procedural irregularities, the best course is to 
concede. I would like to extend my sincere and 
heartfelt apologies to those cam pu s 
conservatives who supported me under the 
mistaken impression that 1 would help to 
dissolve the current AS government, and accept 
at least partial responsibility for the lack of 
clarity which led to such an assumption. I also 
apologize to anyone who may have supported 
my candidacy for a ny other reasons than those 
for which I ran , and who may now be 
disappointed by my concession . 

Those of you who understood and supported 
my reasons for rllnning will not be surprised or 
di sa p,P.Ointed by my concession. This group, 
which I am not sure accounted for a majority of 
my support, believes that the changes with 
which we are concerned can occur only from the 
bottom, and by these criteria. a partial victory 
has already occurred".regardless who wins at 
the ballot box . 

I triton tiIlles New. Dept 
Ed 80yle 

E(' itor-in-( .hlf'f .. II d \ -" ood (;amnwII Rose OeCo.to 
'. . ~nhb'e F .. k 

Ci ,Editor .. . , .... Carl \ t,t hllr !!l' r JefiGrolfom 
I\ll'naging Editor ... . .. 'li!..t, J..l a\\'r RobtrtMilier 

• L" ( '1 !.. (' . I : Debbie Montgomery (,( pl •• rlttor .. .. ... 111(' ,ra ,"'" F kPh 'll 
'I. " ron I Ip~ 

U", jnrs !\1ana"c'r . . , ... . Jeff "m'cl ClillPo,t 
E.i il .. rial nirC'l'lur .. H.wIII Co nln'ra, MorkSieg~ 1 

• ( " L ' ~ . () J llarboro Simon A .. ~or tlt\{' , II y r,lItl"r _ . , "l'n o~ tH'r John Zoller 
\1 oll~ ScI> ill 

Arts Etlitur . ........ - I 't'rr~ lIara !.. 
S purt ~ EditHr ....... Bc)( · !.. ~ lIalfoll 
Phutugraph y Editor . ... Matt Hinton 

Arliat. 
SCHOtl M (K.nna 
Allan S.kulo 
Geofct1t SOloni 

Contributors 
J,m Sill. 
Arb Deportment 
Tom Beer 
Joy Gillette 
lorry Johmon 
Sorgvn Tont 
Ken 8orne ~ 

Photogrophy 
Jon Fronek 
Ad ••• ti.in, 
Department 
Mork Trilling 
Su.on Cod .. 
Molly Sel.in 
Secretarial Staff 

Corrie Rlchy Stewe Cohen 
d Sh.,lo Colhoun 

Au't Monoging E . Copy Department 
Joe Eo~tern . Comy Shorick Oebb,e Montgomery 

Gleno Schroeter 
'roduction 
Cave BUChbinder 

Sports 'Ii rit., 
Mike Roth 

The ,a"ON TIMES ,. oll 'Clolly ,.cognlted ond .upported o. 0 .. udent new.poper by the Commun,cohon. Boord 
01 the Unt .. II.ty 01 Col,lornlo, Son DIOgo, Building 2~0 . Motthew. Campu •. La Jollo. Col,lor",o 92037. Publicotion 
" tWl(O weekly on Tuesday. ond F"doys 0110<10 or. loco ted in room 117. 810k. Holi. on the Re.elle Compu •. For 
Ad •• rtil ing pho ne . ~3 · 2000 , X I 0 17; lor ed,to rool or new. phone X1016. 

Page 6 Triton Times Friday, May 14, 1971 

In a later issue, Landau retracted his wild 
words , claiming instead that students and 
faculty should work together . Of course nobody 
would disagree , and to my mind the retraction 
was a trivial development. The important 
document was the first article. Though a 
slander and by and large literally untrue , it had 
a second or symbolic meaning : decoded, it was 
a demand that teachers should be gods , a 
lament that they're not, and a cry for help. That 
is a message no undergraduate could in 
conscience convey directly, yet again and again 
this year I've seen it indirectly manifested in 
the queer belligerence of certain undergraduate 
papers, the theatrical bored look on the faces of 
persons who stamp out of the middle of lectures, 
the distrust of history implied by a profound 
reluctance to talk about writers from earlier 
periods in some discussion classes. 

At a time when student opinion is increaSingly 
influential- and rightly so-for decisions on 
curriculum and faculty promotion, student 
opinion seems increasingly distorted, wavering, 
and insensitive'. How many students, when they 
fill out official questionnaires on courses, when 
they rush to complain to the Provosts about 
instructors they dislike, are fully aware to what 
extent their teacher 's professional life is on the 
line? Clearly the need for students to see 
teachers as persons is as essential as the 

In this spirit, J'1l end by divulging to students 
two of the most closely kept secrets of 
academic politiCS. (1) Powerful senior 
professors in any field are vulnerable- humanly 
and intellectually- and sometimes walk in fear 
of junior colleagues and students. (2) The 
professor enters his lecture or discussion class 
in a kind of terror, but fortunately this is most 
often matched by the equal terror of his 
students, so that at best what begins in mutual 
fear ends in genuine engagement with the 
subject at hand. Now, just how often does a 
student recognize and make allowances '[or the 
marvelou ly masked vulnerability of his 
teacher? Not very often, I suspect, and that's 
why anybody who goes into teaching as a 
profession has to be hardened, on one side of his 
or her personality, to the gratuitous cruelties of 
undergraduates. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
Cheated 
Editor : 

If Paul Kaufman is really so 
honest, then why did he accept 
the office of president instead 
of agreeing to a new election, 
as he should have? . 

And what about Dave Shaw? 
I had voted for him because I 
thought he was honest. But the 
way things look to me, it seems 
that something tricky has been 
going on. Like maybe a deal . 

Frankly, I feel cheated. I 
think we ought to have a new 
election or something. 

I fear there is something 
rotten at UCSD. 

Bill Randolph 

Keating Scores? 
Editor : 

A brief perusal of the results 
of the AS presidential election 
is in order. Diddo Clark, in 
spite of a year-long publicity 
drive in preparation, found , to 
her own and everyone else 's 
surprise, that she " peaked" too 
early. Karl Keating , after a 
two-year campaign, has finally 
achieved an indirect success. 
Despite a decisivt! loss of 
campus following (in last 
year 's AS election he polled 
19.2 per cent of the electorate's 
favor ; this yea r. Mr. Keating 
has slipped to a mere 17.7 per 
cent vote of approva\.) 
Keating's succe s lies in his 
a biliti es to pick th e 
winner-Paul Kaufman. 

The results of tne first 
election this quarter placed 
Kaufman and Shaw in the run-
off. Overnight. " Keating Backs 
Shaw" posters graced the 
campus fro m the heights of 
Urey Hall and Building 2D. a 
Karl continued to wheel and 
dea l hi s influence in 
" establi hment" AS politics. 
Dave Shaw. after having won 
the run-off. announced that he 
didn 't want to be AS president. 

Accordingly, he conceded his 
victory to hi s pick-for -
president, Paul Kaufman. 

In a Keating-SillS leaflet 
bei ng passed out la st 
Wednesday in the plaza , I noted 
the following comment: "Since 
Shaw never intended to serve. 
the student voting in the run-
orr" actually had a choice of 
Kaufman or' Kaufman. In 
effect, since Keating supported 
Shaw (who the former knew 
"never intended to serve") and 
Shaw supported Kaufman, then 
Keating, of course, supported 
Kaufman. It is ironic that after 
Karl Keating 's favorite son 
came out on top, he is 
screaming for a recall election. 

Terry Barak 

Keating Bah 
Editor: 

Karl Keating has got to go 
down in history as being one of 
the most pathetiC, frustrated 
poJi ticians ever. 

But enough of the sour 
grapes! Keating's demand for 
a recall of the election has got 
to top them all . In spite of all 
the peculiar resul.ts of the 
election, Karl 's forgotten that 
the 22 votes were rather trivial 
and could have gone either 
way . 

Keating is imposing his own 
frustrations upon the student 
body. It is not clear whether 
this is to get himself elected, or 
simply to hassle Kaufman 
personally. 

I'm sure that by now, people 
are just sick and tired of the 
dirty politics, landering, lies, 
and vicious attacks such as you 
have made upon other students 
to further your own means. 
This is what has made the 
election a sad joke. 

In conclusion, I must say, 
Karl , it strikes me as sadly 

funny, yet amazing, that you 
would demand a recall on the 
basis of "ethical and moral" 
grounds. You may have tried to 
fool Dave Shaw by supporting 
him for your own desires for 
manipulation of the AS, but I 
don 't think you 're going to fool 
the student body into going out 
to vote for you again. 

Emily Chow 
Katbryn Rudner 

A Complaint 
Editor: 

I wish to regi~ter my 
complaint concermng the 
recent developments regarding 
the AS elections. 

1 don 't think that Paul 
Kaufman has any business 
becoming AS president. Why? 
Because he didn't really win 
the election. He only was 
number two. 

I don't like the way that 
David Shaw mysteriously 
conceded the election to 
Kaufman. The whole affair 
stinks. 

Actually , I sort of laughed 
when the campUs 
conservatives said that the AS 
consisted of just a big 
" machine." But it looks thai 
our campus right-wingers were 
correct about something. AS 
does seem to be a big 
" machine" intent on gelling 
Kaufman elected . 

Let me ask the reader this: 
how can we, the people whO 
will be running this country in a 
decade , complain about 
national policies if we don't 
complain about crooked 
elections right h(!re? 

This election, the one that put 
Paul Kaufman in , seems as bad 
as the one that put the Thieu' 
Ky regime in power in 
Vietnam. If we want the 
Vietnamese to have fair 
elections, why can't we have 
them here? 

POSSIBILITIES I~;~~~-~~~-~;;;: ~ COMMUTERS : Jazz Jazz Jazz 
The UCSD Music Depart-

ment will ~e presenting a jazz 
concert by San Jose State 
graduate students tomorrow 
night at 8:30 p.m. in 409MC. 
Several groups will play. 
including the Tod Cochran Trio. 
Cochran, a noted pianist, has 
performed with Charles Lloyd. 
Bobby Hutcherson. and John 
Handy. 

Tomorrow's concert will 
co nclude with a mas s 
improvisation , pe rhap s 
involving members of the 
audience. 

'Forty Carats' 
" rorty Carats," a Broadway 

comedy hit based on a French 
farce by the same pair who 
wrote "Cactus Flower," opens 
at the new Of( Broadway 
Theatre Tuesday night. 

Boasting an outstanding cast 
which includes Marjorie Lord 
and such stellar performers as 
Angela Cartwright, Edward 
Binns, Allan Hunt, Jeanne 
Bates, Betty McGuire, Don 
Briggs, Loretta Decker, Drew 
Handley, Bob Hanly and 
Audrey Chrislis, " Forty 
Carats" was adapated from the 
French by Miss Jay Allen and 
has to do with the double 
standards of sex in relation to 
age. We may frow n at a 45-year 
old marrying a l7-year old girl, 
.................... 

• 

~ut generally such an age gap 
IS accepted . But how a bout a 
40-year old woman and a 22-
year old boy'! Is that quite so 
a.cceptable'! Is it. really'! To 
hnd the answer you 'll have to 
see ' Forty Carats" at the Off 
Broadway anti pcrhaps find a 
new way to bridge the 
generation gap. 
.. ... orty Carats" is a Vincent 
Miranda production. The sets 
were designed by Tad Anheier 
and the play was directed by 
James Burrows. Tickets for all 
Off Broadway Theatr e 
productions are available at 
the box office, by mail order or 

by telephone reservation. The 
Off Broadway Theatre is 
locatcd at 314 F Strect 
telephone 235-6535. ' 

Noon Concert 
Upcoming 

Atonal chords and melodic 
phrases will drift across the 
Grassy Knoll (behind the 
Humanities Library ) nex t 
Tuesday at noon. when virtuoso 
guitarist John Fahey will be 
performing in a free concert 
sponsored by the AS and 
Campus Programming Board. 

Fahey 's reputation rarely 
precedes him on the college 
campuses he visits; his talents 
lie in the subterranean part of 
the "underground." /<' ahey 
performs his solo guitar work 
on acoustic steel string; 
sometimes on a weird Dobro-
like Hawaiian guitar he uses a 
bottleneck. 

Noon concerts are a trip and 
then some when they 're free 
and presenting John Fahey. 
The future of events of this 
nature will be determined, in 
part, by the attendance. Get 
your friends and fellow music 
lovers and come. 

i / ....... , i.. Let tbe batlalia . ex~ravaganza unfold before For viewers ' comfort, chairs will be set up on 
• _ .. ' your very eyes. tontle to tbe gym, as Impresario tbe floor o. f the gym. Tonite and tomorrow nite 
• ..- Jeffery Sol Frted Presents: " War and Peace." at 7:30 p.m. I W·AR-&·PEACE··MM .... , 
I • • • 
• • • • ! FRI-PART I SAT-PART II : I...!~.~~~~ ..... M ..... M ....... : ......................... ...?~~ 

_JOINT 

l1NBER6R911NBSi 

SUPER ROCK FLASHE ON FILM ...... MICK 
JAGGE R AND THE ROLLING STONES - DOING 
JUMPIN JACK FLASH AND 2.000 LIGHT YEARS 
- INTERVIEW WITH MICK JAGGER ...... OTIS 
REDDING - SINGING RESPECT AND SATISFAC-
TION ...... JOE COCKER-WITH A LITTLE HELP 
FROM MY FRIENDS •••••• JIMI HENDRI ' : - DO-
ING WILD THING ...... PLUS TRHFIC AND 
ERIC BURDON •••••• 

DAVID HARRIS - POLITICAL PRISONER 
(26) BY NEIL AEICHLINE 

AI home wilh his wile Joan Bael, al Ihelr last public concen -
speeCh appearance togelher belore he enlered jail , Ihe lilm pre· 
sents Ihe IIle slyle and logic 01 one 01 Ihe mosl eloquenl and 
lo'celul spokesmen lor non-vlolenl re.olullonary change . 

'ASS A tongue-in-Cheek stag Iilm lor jackasses. 
'SCORPIO BY BEN VAN METER 

'EAT COKE ·TRILOGY 
·L1STON. MR. NIXON 

'THE SUPERIOR ANIMAL 
AT ARE YOU THINKING. DADDY 

fI FREERECCRJSfrom ~~~\\\t 
~US".THE~GREAT (we, ~ ) 

M~"f'oh"I""1 " ,. •• " •• t, 

Plt~ .... • .. ICH,MWA .. DlNO ANOAS 
. NCHANTING AS'~IOOu!"ON 
TttEItO()F."' ... 1 10 .................. 

Marl'J Ne! Marry Me! c. 
!lIIm~~-----"" 

~ HELP STOP : 
~ POLLUTION : 
~ LEAVE YOUR CAR ~ ~ AT HOME ~ 

~ ~ 
~ RIDE THE ~ ~ ~ 
~ COAST ~ 
: CRUISER ~ 

~ TO ~ 
~ CAMPUS ~ 

~ ~ 
~ 6 COVENIE T ~ 
~ ROU DTRIP ~ 
~ DAILY ~ 
~ LOW FARE ~ 
~ ~ 

TALK IS CHEAP. 
NOW YOU CMf LEARII A SECOND LUlGUIGE EASILY 
EII.OYIILY, PRIVATELY AND INEXPEIISIVELY. ' 

Expand your horizons in a shrink-
ing world. Learn to speak. under-
stand, read and write convers<l!l.!:!OiI1 
Spanish. Or French . 
German. 

Learn by appointment 
at your convenience. Wilh 
expert ~ttenlion of your own, 
prIVate Instructor. Learn with 
Dr. M. W. Sullivan's exciting new 
approach 10 language instruction. 
. No homework or studying is 
Involved. Just open your mind. 
We do the rest. 

Call to schedule your first 
lesson. It's free . 

20'22 CAM.INI)OEl llO I'tOITH . SAN DIEGO, C ... 91011 
291 ·,,. '0 

Sallivan L ... gaage Schools 
THE fiRST R(YOlUTI AR' "pp" eH TO LEARNI NG A SECOND LAHGWGE. 

Art edUC1l1OM1 OI'1t'lon Of 8ef\a'ftOl'.' "eMlre" LIborItOriH. Inc. 

~~ ... 
. c,,-,.------... 

IF YOU MI SED THEM AT 
SHANA A, OR WITH GABOR 
SZABO, OR ElL YO G, OR 

SPIRIT, EE 

SEQUOYA 
SAT MAY 15 8:30-12:30 

MO TEZUM HALL DSC 

.-.-

I 

Friday, May 14, 1971 Triton Times Page 7 



FRIDAY, 
Mayl4 
LECfURES-noon, Revelle 
Plaza, John Vasconcellos, 
Assemblyman. 

3 p.m., Revelle 
Lounge, Raymond 
"Urban Unrest in 
Ulm." 

Informal 
Brodek, 

Medieval 

3:30 p.m. USB 3020, Dr. 
William Brainard, " Social Risk 
and Financial Markets ." 

4 p.m., H-L Aud., Roger 
Freeman, " National Priori tie 
in the Decade Ahead ," 
sponsored by DIMENSIO . 
CONCERT-7 :30 p.m., St. 
Mark 's Methodist Church in 
Clairemont, UCSD Chamber 
Chorus will perform. 
FILM-7 :30 p.m., Gym, "War 
and Peace" (part!) . 
PLAV-8 p.m., 2D 1330, "The 
Crucible" stu . $1 , Gen Adm. $2. 
DANCING-8 p.m., 201 MC, 
University Folk Dancing. 
INTERNATIONAL CLUB-
7:30 p.m ., Revelle Informal 
Lounge, Election ight and 
Celebra tion . 10 cents 
admission . 
SATURDAY, 
MaylS 
MEETING-2-4 p.m ., 
Balcony of gym , Etude de 
Ballet. 
CONCERTs-8:30 p.m. La 
Jolla High School Aud., UCSD 
Chamber Chorus Spring 
Concert, featuring chubert's 
" Mass In G Major ," Gen. Pub. 

COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANK 
327 F St. 

PAYS DONORS 
for services 
Tues. thru Sat. 

233-8328 

$1.25, Stu . 50 cents 
performance will be repeated 
Monday at 8:30 in 201 MC. 

8:30 p.m., Cluster I. Lib New 
Age Spring Quartet, Stu . $1 , 
Gen. $2. 
PLAV-8 p.m., 133020. "The 
Crucible" Stu. $1. Gen. $2 
SILENT SATURDAY 
VIGIL-11-12, in front of La 
Jolla Post Office. sponsored by 
the La Jolla Friends. 
SPECIAL EVENT-I0:30 p.m .. 
all night. Ho pitality for GI's 
attending anti-war weekend 
activities . People invited to 
open their homes to GI's. Call 
239-2119 for info. 

SUNDAY, 
Mayl6 
PLAV-1 330 20 , " The 
Crucible" Stu . $1 . Gen. $2. 
FILM-7 p.m., USB 2722 , 
Sunday Cinema , special 
showing of short films , free . 
CROSS-CULTURAL CON-
VERSATION GROUP - 5:30 
p.m.. Students from many 
countries eat and talk together 
in the home of a local citizen. 
For info call ext. 1940. 
SPECIAL EVENT -10 a.m., 

niversity Lutheran Church. 
ecology celebration during 
wor hip ervice with planting 
of a Torrey Pine on the UCSD 
campus. 

11 a.m., Pepper Grove, 
Balboa Park (near hospital )' 
People's Picnic and GI 
Liberation Festival , Free food . 
Music, raps. 

fJ Z~~&"~1i 
25c:BEER 
entertainment 

nightly 
Silverado & Fay 

La Jolla 

WAR&PEACE 
TONIGHT 
SAT 

TICKET 
UC D TUDENT 
OTHER $1.50 

GOOD FOR 
PARTS 

PART I 
PART II 

$1 

BOTH 

TICKET AVAilABLE 
REY HALL BOX OFFICE 

AND AT THE DOOR 

LE TICKET V IL OLE T TilE DOOR 75' PER PART) 

Page 8 Triton Times Friday, May 14, 1971 

2 p.m.. Russ Auditorium. 
12th and Russ, GI anti-war 
Show. Jane Fonda . Dick 
Gregory. Joan Baez. Don 
Sutherland. .Teatro Mestizo. 
Get tickets for $2 at Urey Hall. 
MONDAY, 
Mayl7 
MEETINGS-H-I p.m.. 20 
1305. Triton Wargaming 
Society. 

6:30-8 :30 p.m .. S. Balcony of 
Gym. Gyma tic Club. 

7:30 p.m., Blake Lower 
Lounge, mandatory committee 
to Free All Political Prisoners 
meeting. 
CONCERT-8 :30 p.m ., 201 MC, 
UCSD Chamber Chorus Spring 
Concert, Stu. 50 cents, Gen. 
$1.25. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Tune your heads into KSDT 
for far-reaching ounds-jazz. 
rOCK . country, special 
programs, information on 
school ha ppenings! 

Cultural Traditions EAST 
ASIA Sequence next year will 
not be the same as it ha been 
this year . Profes or Reynolds 
and Profe sor Yip plan to focus 
on Oriental culture as seen 
from ~he standpoint of their 
arts. 

The deadline for submitting 
petitions requesting permission 
to tran fer from other UCSD 
college into John Muir 
College, effective next Fall , is 
4 p.m. on Friday, May 14. 

Lost in the Revelle Informal 

Lounge April 23 ; Dus 
Wohltempcriere Klavier Vol. I-
SS Bach. ed.Bela Bantok. 
Please return to TRITON 
TIMES Ol'fice. 

Lost Dog : Samoyed (white), 
at the Rite-of-Spring festival , 
Lic . No. 6098. If found please 
notify Tuck Donnelly , 142 B. 
No. Helix. Solana Beach, 755-
7923. 

Summer housing will be 
available for students working, 
doing research or attending 
Summer Se sion. Applications 
must be in the Hou ing Office, 
250 MC, by June 1, 1971. For 
further info call ext. 2021. 

Graduating students or 
students who do not plan to 
return to UCSD for the Fall 
Quarter and who have 
out s tanding NDEA, 
Educational Fee Deferment, 
Regents ' or other type loans, 
should contact the Loan 
Collection Offic, 204 MC, 
regarding an exit interview. 
Deferment of payments and 
partial cancellation of loans 
are available' and granted only 
upon receipt of the necessary 
forms by the Loan Collection 
Office. Appointments may be 
arranged by calling Jane 
Fitzgerald or Flo Rogers, ext. 
2616. 

Be sure to file your 
registration card on the day 
designated for your class 
level- Monday , May 17 , 
seniors ; Tuesday, May 18, 
juniors; Wedne day, May 19, 
sophomores ; Thursday, May 
20, freshmen. Any continuing 
student cards not received 

,... __________ during this enrollment week 
(completed) will be subject to 

'Davis Camera 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7711 Fay 459~7355 

Rpw u rc,pfuIII P •• .• 
p,ychololC~' . b('('o m i IlIC 
iuu .... . ,)hi/o~ophy 
chi/dr .. Il ·, book .• 
fi c/ioll , I)O""~' 
" .. /iIC h / 
joy 

a $10 late filing fee . 
All students who have been 

previously enrolled in Social 
Science 10 or 100 and are 
interested in becoming T A 's 
for the Fall class may pick up 
applica tions on the 6th floor of 
2D, Muir College, on Tuesday, 
May 18. 

Anyone having photos or 
movies f the March 28 Ocean 
Beach demonstration please 
contact William Thornhill at 
the Cal Western niversity 
Law School , 224 -3 211. 
Documentation is needed for 
defense of three people 
arrested at that demonstration. 

Courts Closed 
The Matthews and Revelle 

tennis courts wilJ be reserved 
for the annual La Jolla Tennis 
Tournament on July 3, 4 and 
10 . 

U . . & ForeiKn 
poperboclu 

mOKo:ines 
poster. 
records 

card, 

EARTH.SONG 
BOOK STORE 

Travel 
Europe Jet Charter Flights. 
Spring Special. March 30 thru 
June 15 - $268. Plu. full 
summer program. Call Leslie 
582·9098 after 5. (RI 
EUROPE/ ISRAEL/ EAST AFRICA 
One way and round trip .tudent 
travel discounts. SOFA agent for 
over 2000 inter.European 
.tudent charter flights . 
CONTACT: ISCA 11687 San 
Vincente Blvd., No. 4, L.A. 
Calif., 90049. TEl: (213) 826-
5669. (6-4) 
EUROPE CHARTERS. Several 
schedule. from $250 roundtrip, 
$150 oneway. t-dinator: 
ProfeslOr Margaret Paal, 247 
Roycroft Long Beach 90803 213· 
438-2179. (5-28) 

CHEAPEST 
JETS TO EUROPE FROM LA AND 
NY. IMMEDIATE ISSUANa IN· 
TNL. STUDENT 1.0. CARD & 
TICKETING 2000 INTRA· 
EUROPEAN / ASIAN/ AFRICAN 
CHARTERS, EURAILPASSES. CAR 
PURCHASE AIS RIGHTS No. 
105, 9056 SANTA MONICA, L.A. 
90069 TEL 274·8742 (5/ 28) 

UNI~~~~ 
LOS ANGt:LES/LONDON/LOS ANGELES 

Depart Return Wee.kl Coat 

1 June 15---.\ug 15 9 $275 
2 Jun. 19-·-.\ug IS 8 $275 
3 June 24---.\ug 22 9 $275 
4 June H---S.p 5 11 $275 
5 ' Jun. 27---Sep 13 12 $275 

• LA/London/....,.t.rdilJ1l 
July 1 ---Sep 3 9 $275 
Aug l7---Sep 19 4 $268 
Sep 5 ---Oct 3 4 $25 8 

ONE W.\Y FLIGHTS TO EUROPE 

2£ June 14--LA/London $14 8 
2C July 26--LA/London $139 
3E .\ug 19--LA/Madr!d/Frank $135 
4E Sep 6 --LA/London $123 
5E Sep 12--LA/London $123 

ONE WAY FLIGHTS FROM EUROPE 

1W Jun. 14--AJuterdaIll/LA $139 
2W Aug 8 --London/LA $139 
3W Sep 16--London/LA $148 

STUDENT 10 CARDS 
Rail Passes 

Available only to Univerlity of 
Cali fornie atudents , faculty. 
employees, extena ion and Al umni 
Metnbera p1u. immediate fa .. ! lies. 

UNI~,rg ~VJ=.;s 
)007 Broxton Avenue 
Lo Angele 90024 

TELE: 477-1111 or 473- 4443 

ONE WAY JET RIGHTS. LA· NY. 
JUNE 18th. $79. FOR INFO CAll 
ALAN OWENS (213) 662·3613. 
( 5.25 ) 

EUROPEAN TRAVEL while ' 
earning college credit! ROME, 
VENIa, PARIS, etc. 31 days 
$985, 41 day. $1095. Up to six 
or more units, plu. a good time. 
Larry Johnson, 283·9593. (R) 

Housing 
Interviewing people for new 
.tudio rental. for the fall quarter 
in Del Mar. Furni.hed $125.00 
mo. Write Box 8, 1027 Feldspar 
St. Pacific Beach, SO 92109. 

_ (5·11) 
Personals 

FEMALE WANTED TO SHARE 
DlIVlNG TO NEW YOlK JUNE 
6 01 7. CAL1453·6129 AFTER 6. 

(5-14) 
NEEDED One together Conga 
player. Call Rod or David at 755-
.701. (5.18) 

MACREMAY, STITCHERY, 
NEEDLEPOINT Clas... and 
supplies. 5721 La Jolla Blvd. (In 
Florence's Pary Shop) 0454-1512. 

(~-4) 

Jobs 
Male students part / tvH time, $3 

1 .... 0 Camino del Mor Del Mar 755-4254 hr. plus scholanhlp. Cal 224:-
2164. II' 

AMBITIOUS MEN of 011 trades 
Mrfh to ALASKA and YUKON' 
around $2800 a month. ~ 
complete informotion write to 
JOB RESEARCH, P.O. Box 161 
Stn. A, Toronto, Onto Enclose $3' 
to cover cost. (6-4) 
HelP WANTED·OIANIC 
INTBUGENT ATTRACTIVE Gill 
FOR PART TIME POSITION IN 
NORTH COUNTY ART 
EXPERIENCE HElPFUL BUT NOT 
NECESSARY CAll STANlEY 753. 
8805. EVENINGS AFTER 8 PM. 

IRI 
Services 

Typing. . .Experienced typi.t ... 
Term papers, the .. s. Elect,ic 
typewriter. Will do ru.h jobs. 
4S3.6835 ill 
DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXEaJTlVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates. Sati.faction i. the end 
product. Helen 459· 8888 (I ) 
Typing - for accurate Typing on 
electric pica - term paperS, 
theses, manuscripts, etc. Call 

Mr •. McCroskey 287· 1607. (I) 
Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 

Try James Automotive Service 
American and Foreign Cors 
Repair. and Pollution Control. 
Student Discount 7748 Hershel 
La Jolla (in the rear) 459.918~1, 
TYPING DONE 50 CENTS A 
PAGE WITH COPY. PHONE DAYS 
488·3496 ASK FOR NANCY 01 

TRISH. (5·21) 
FREE U OF SAN DIEGO summit 
session starts July 1. F," 
teachers welcome to share wit~ 
others any hobby, craft, a,t, 
sport, expertise or knowledge, 
Please call 454·7319 with title, 
description of information yM 
wish to share and size of dOli 
by May 22. Be a free teache, il 
the Free U. 

(5.21 1 
For Sale 

FOR SALE, VOLKSWAGEN 1961 
SEDAN EXCEWNT CONDITION 
WEll MAINTAINED RADI( 
49000 MILES $1200, 755·914( 
' 64 Pontiac GTO Cony. 389 cll 
in 4.speed. Excellent corwl 
$600.00. Call Jim at 755-655 
after 6 p.m. (5·1. 
1962 CHEVROLET BELAIR. VEil 
GOOD CONDo WANT $171 
AND/ OR BEST OFFER. CALl 7SS 
6516 . EVENINGS, LEA V 
MESSAGE. (5·25 
MUST SELl: PEUGEOT 10 spee 
racing bicycle good conditio 
with new derailers and ti'4 
only $60.00. Call 755·399 
evening •. 

(5·2 1 
1960 RAMBLER AMBASSADOI 
V·8 ENGINE, POWER STEERINI 
AND BlAKES, TWO SPEAKE 
RADIO AUTOMATI 
TRANSMISSION $195. cAl 
755.7666. 

(5-1 
~ 

'69 Volvo 1445 beige 4 ~ 
sedan mony extras 1 own 
22,000 miles $2,295. or mal 
offer. Call 272.7542 evenings 
weekends. (5-1 

NOll VIINVOalO 


