
New College Dean 

Beckley Optimistic About Muir 
Gory Sinrlen 

Muir College has a new Dean of Student Affairs, Jim 
Beckley. He is the second person to hold that position 
succeeding Alan Batchelder who was dismissed last year . 

Selected by a Muir committee comprised of students, faculty 
and administration. Beckley brings an optimistic attitude to 
his position." 

"I am particularly concerned about helping students in 
making being here a better experience. All that is kind of trite 
and nebulous, but I really think that this college is in a position 
to make the reality of the Muir environment more like the 
rhetoric has always said it was. ,. remarked Beckley. 

For the past ten years. Beckley has worked as a college 
administrator and consultant in student affairs and services. 
and :IS a director of admissions, placement and financial aids. 

Beckley described his approach to his job as being a 
"systems-analysis" technique. Besides working closely with 
the Provost and the faculty , Beckley said he encourages those 
under him to involve themselves. 

"My approach toward working within an organization is to 
assume that there is a very interrelated. interconnected 
system, and if you push on that balloon at one point. it's going 

to have ramifications and consequences throughout. 
"It's very difficult to separate a dean of students kind of 

function and an academic function . When you really come 
down to it. what goes on inside the classroom affects what go s 
on outside. and vice-versa . You can separate credit activities 
from non-credit activities. but you cannot separate what 
makes an impact and what influences the life at a college. 

"The best way to be most helpful and aware of what's needed 
within the college is to be able to look at the college as a whole 
and not take part of it and say. Tm interested or responsible 
for only this part. ' I'm concerned about what goes on in the 
classroom. and I have been and will be involved in academiC 
activities." explained Beckley. 

Plans to implement these views were descnbed by Beckley. 
He is working with a group of 30 to 40 students in starting a 
problem-crisis center which will be housed m the new Muir 
apartments. According to Beckley. this center is going .. to be a 
place that tries to respond to student's problems. issues and 
concerns." as opposed to informational needs now bemg 
handled by ED A. 

(continued on page 9) 

triton ti 
Volume 14, Number 5 

MO'ley has been a critical issue all around the 
country this year and UCSD is no exception. 

The Associated Student's budget for this 
academic year has been passed. With money 
coming from the $6 paid quarterly as part of 
student registration fees, the estimated AS 
budget totals more than $80,000. 

There has consistently been much argument 
over budget allocations, from the National 
government to the state and local governments. 
and on down to the college level. With such a 
significant amount of money to allocate, control 
of the AS budget is quite important. 

With some editing. here is the adopted AS 
budget for the academic year 1971-72. 
INCOME -$84,006 
EXPENSES 

AS Council salaries - $2.175 
AS staff salaries - $12.201 
Supplies and equipment - $2.750 
Equipment and facilities - $2.300 
AS Program Board - $1l.710 
(sa laries . social events. 
administration) 
Communications Board - $17.000 
President's Discretionarv and Travel 
Fund - $2.000 . 
Coffee Hut building - $l.OOO 
Student Bodv President's Council - $200 
ASUC lobbv'- $3.000 
Office of ' Coordinator for Off-Campus 
Housing - $3.200 
General Fund (s tu·dent cl ubs . 
organizations etc. I - $18.450 
Reserve for Commissioner's projects -
$7 .520 
AS elections - $500 
TOTAL : $84.006 

A complete copy of the AS budget is available 
at the AS office in 250 Matthews Campus or in 
the TRITON TIMES office. Questions 
concerning the budget can be answered at the 
AS office. 

The budget may have been approved. but the 
issue over where the money will go has not been 
complete~' satisfied. This undercurrent of 
di ajO'eement over the budget was quite evident 
in the discussions that this reporter had with AS 
President Paul Kaufman. AS Commissioner of 
Public Affairs Tom Deits and former AS 
Council member and present editor of 
DIMENSION. Jim Sills. 

Self-Iaterest 
What the ar~ument over the AS budget 

amounts to is a question of self-interest. Sills 
maintains that the new bud~et is reflective of 
expedienc~' on the part of the present AS 
administration. Kaufman states that tne AS 
budgel is congruent with sludenl needs. He also 
emphasizes the fact Ihat all AS allocations are 
under con lanl review b\' Ihe AS Finance Board 
and il is regularly audiled b~' the UCSD 
adminl tratlon. 

La I year a sludenl referendum "'as passed 
• 

University of California, San Diego Tuesday October 12, 1971 

Spending Yo 

requ 
trip 
Kaufm 

This 
special 
Magill a former AS President eff 
Sills clai s that "favoritism " w e ponsi e _~J\I"" 
for the financing these projec 
Kaufman s tes that due to the releva e of e 
projects an the experience of M ill a d 
Benjamin. the sidies for thesf! proj (s w s 
justified. 

Magill's project stu the 
complex and who to go to In 
something done. Benjamin 's 
concerned with revising the UC Mas 
would conform to student' s interest 

Qt.uterly ""ts 
KI.fman stated that the AS must 

trlyel lllo" .. nces and special projec . a 
all such expenditures are r~vlewed qu 

AS 

$3000 For Lobby 
A UC obbv has recently been started in 

Sacra nto. A total of $3.000 has been allocated 
by C 0 for the lobby's operation in 
Sa amen to. A monthly stipend will be paid to 
U 0 students who serve in Sacramento as 
I gislative interns. and this money come from 
he General fund in the budget. Kaufman said 

this stipend is necessary to pay the students for 
the commitments they must leave at CSD in 
order to take part in the lobby program. 

Sills claims the lobby program is another 
example of AS ·' favoritism ." He claims this 
intern program is a method by which the AS can 
select certain student who they favor to erve 
as the lobby interns. Kaufman denies this 
accusation. He aid there were notices in thi 
quarter 's fir t two edition of the TRITO 
TIMES concerning the proce for applying a a 
lobby intern. 

Over $7 ,500 has been allocated for 
Commissioner 's pecial Projects. One such 
project wa the Coa t Cruiser. Anoth r 
Commis ioner' project was handled b. Juan 
Lopez. AS Commis ion r of Communit 
Service. According to Kaufman. mone wa 
given to Lopez to d velop more work 
opportunitie for UC 0 student . Becau h 
had previous expt ri nce in uch work and 
becau e of hi position as Commissioner of 
Community r ice. Lopez was lected. 
Kaufman feels th project ha been a su ce in 
spite of the tight job market. 

It i vi.wnl Ih I th .. ~ .... t ."wtg-t i I 
without it d tractor . Expenditure of mon y 
seem to aUra t critici m. Throughout our 
discus ions. Kaufman supported the S tudg t 
and maintained that there are enough check Oil 
the budget to insure again t improper spending. 
Sills. on the other hand. believe the A i a 
machine and that the AS bucl«et reflec:ts this . 



Earth's Sglelljl' 

NobelloureateDiscovers Asteroid 

McGovern, others to Speak 
On Zero Population Growth 

On October t6 and 17. the state convention for Zero 
Population Growth will be held at the UCSD medical facilities . 
Conference Hall 2100. Senator George McGovern will give a 
special statement followed by authorities on special issues of 
ecology today such as control of land use. There will be 
workshops and business discussed for action to be taken by 
interested people. 

Saturday's program schedule includes : 9:30 registration and 
greeting. special statement from Senator George McGovern : 
10 :30 "Control of Land Use." Richard Rypinski. attorney and 
Del Mar Councilman: II :30 "Your Bodv . Your decision" Peter 
John Ames. Legal Expert. AssoCiation for Voluntary 
Sterilization : 1:30 "Population Stabilization." icholas C. 
Vost. Deputy Attorney. General Environmental Division : 2:30 
Action Workshops . Sunday's activities will be California Zero 
Population Growth Confederation business. B~-Iaws . 
legislation. funding endorsement. etc. 

Cost for both davs is f11 which includes two lunches I or $5 for 
either single da~:. Checks should be made payable to Zero 
Population Growth San Diego. 

For more information. write to ZPG. 4536 Park Blvd. in San 
Diego. 

AS Housing Coordinator 

The astro physics 
department. here at UCSD. 
announced their discovery that 
in addi tion to the moon. the 
earth has a second "little 
brother" in the heavens. 

This discovery that the 
"little brother." the asteriod 
Toro. lies within earth 's 
gravitational pull. was 
announced last Thursday by 
Nobel laureate and professor in 
residence Dr. Hannes Alfven. 
and one of his graduate 
students. Wing-Huen Ip. 

The asteriod Toro. is a 
relatively tiny body measuring 
perhaj>s 1.2 miles in diameter . 
Toro ' s elliptical orbit 
intersects the earth's path 

twice every eight years. Ip. 
explained. being attracted to 
these "encounters" by the 
gravitational force of the' earth. 

Toro circles the sun once 
everv 1.6 vears while earth 
makes the rou nd-trip once 
annually. Alfven explained. In 
the course of their circlings. 
the orbit of Toro - influenced 
by the pull of earth 's 

gravitational force 
encounters earth's path once 
every eight years in January. 
and once in the same time· 

period in August though in 
different years. The next 
August encounter will occur in 
1972. and the next Januarv 
intersection in 1975 . . 

"It is as if earth were 
practicing tennis shots. using 
Toro as the ball. " Alfven 
explained. "Said another way. 
twice every eight years this 
'little brother' of earth comes 
very close to its big brother. 
takes one terrified look at that 
big ball of smog and noise . and 
rushes away into outer space to 
recover its composure . " 

This diScovery is significant 
not ooly because it makes clear 
that earth now has two 
celestial bodies in her 
gravitational field. but also 
because Toro - due to its 
unique relationship with earth 
- may become a target for an 
upcoming space mission. 

Dr. Alfven. who won the 
Nobel Prize in physics in 1970. 
said that the Toro studies were 
financed under a NASA grant. 
The grant resulted from a 
proposal made by Alfven and 
Dr. Gustaf Arrhenius . UCSD 
professor of oceanography. to 
send an unmanned spacecraft 
to an asteroid. By making a 
soft landing on an asteroid. 
they argue. such a spacecraft 
might unlock clues to many 
secrets of the universe which 
are still unresolved. Asteroids . 
Alfven and Arrhenius believe. 
may have orbited in space 
undisturbed for eons. without 
suffering the damaging effects 
of erosion and other influences 
which have disturbed the 
surfaces of moon and earth. 

Toro. passing relatively close 
to earth during its January and 
August encounters. could 
become a logical target for 
such an unmanned mission. At 
the time of these intersection 
with earth 's orbit. said Alfven. 
Toro is approximately one-
tenth astronomical unit from 
the earth . or some 9.3 million 
miles distant. A spacecraft. 
depending on its velocit~· . could 
reach Toro from earth in from 
six months to a ;,'ear Allven 
estimated . 

"Toro has probably been in 
this quasi-moon relationship 
with the earth for some 
thousands of years at least. and 
possibly even from the time the 
solar s~stem originated . 4.6 
billion years ago." Said Alfven . 
According to calculations 

already made . he noted . earth and Toro are remote . ··at 
chanceS of a collision between least for the next 200 years." 

Selective Service System 
Grants Freedom to 126 

The Selective Service System has announced that Random 
Sequence Number 125 wilt' be the ceiling for induction into the 
military for young men in the 1971 first priority !!election ~OIJp 
- that is . those registrants born in 1951 or earlier who receIved 
lottery numbers in 1970 or 1969 and are available for induction 
during 1971. 

The Department of Defense. last week . announced a 10.000 
draft call for the remainder of 1971. Draft Director Dr. Curtis 
W. Tarr said that Selective Service local boards would deliver 
6.SOO of these men in the period November 1-18 and the 
remaining 3.SOO in the period November Z9-December 9. Tarr 
said that he has directed local boards to give at least 30 days 
notice to all registrants facing the inductioo process in coming 
months. Current draft regulations require 10 days notice. 

Tarr said that the uniform national call provision of the new 
dralllaw assures every young man in the 1971 group who is I-A 
and qualified with a RSN of 125 and belo,",' that he will receive 
an induction notice in the near future. Tarr pointed out that 
some of these men will enter the Army in January. February 
or March of next year because of the extended liability 
provisions of the Selective Service regulations. 

" Equity of treatment for all registrants requires that all 
men with RSNs of 125 or lower face the induction process. " 
Tarr said . RSN 125 was tlle ceiling for inductions through June 
of 1971. 

Tarr also said that he has directed local and appeal boards to 
defer all actions on classifications. personal appearances. and 
appeals until new regulations containing draft reforln 
provisions are effected. The 1971 amendments to the draft law 
which were recently passed by Congress require tht! Selective 
Service System to publish all regulation changes in the Federal 
Register at least 30 days before they become effective. 

"Because of the many reform provisions in the new law and 
being instituted by the System. it would be unfair not to extend 
these forthcoming advantages to registrants now facing 
classification or appeal actions. Accordingly. I have directed 
that all local and appeal boards defer action on such cases until 
the new regulations are formally distributed_ " Tarr concluded . 

UC Gets More Expensive, 
State Colleges Still Low 

Pingree Takes on the landlords 

According to an article 
written in the LOS ANGELES 
TIMES . University of 
California student costs are 
well above the average for the 
United States. UC's tuition and 
fees are $621-$678 while the 
national median . according to 
the National Assn . of State 
Universites and Land-Grant 
colleges. amounts to $482. 

Tuition and fees . however. 
represent only part of the total 

Costs may be rising in public 
institutions. but the increase 
does not approach those in 
private colleges and 
universities . The scholarship 
commission estimates that a 
residential year at Cal Tech. 
Stanford. Occidental or one of 
the Claremont Colleges will 
amount to about $4 .500 this 
year. 

According to the 

Recognizing that students have no resource in dealing with checklist. a rental application. a uniform lease. a month-to- cost of a year on campus. 
landlords. the AS recenll~· created the Office of theCoordinator month rental agreement and a 3O-day notice. Tbese forms will According to the State 
for Off-campus Housing. This ombudsman-like position will tr~' be available to students. faculty and staff. and according to Sc hola r s hip a nd Loan 
to protect Ihe students. create trust bet ..... een landlords and Pingree. landlords will be urged to use them . Commission. the UC studenl in 
tenants and represent student interests in the community at Pingree said that an indication of communit~· concern ..... ith residence shou ld count on 
large. said Stephen Pingree. the new coodinator. student housing is the current re-development of the old Del spending $2.600 this year. The 

Pingree will tr~' to work out solution toproblems found in the Mar Inn. This structure and the 100 unit complex near the Del cost [or a commuting student 
confusing implications of a rental contract.but he doesnotgil-e Mar racetrack means not only housing for 200-300 students. but was estimated to be $2.100. The 
out legal advice Ilej!al counsel is available through Alan Zink I. jobs for many studcnts in the facilil~ and surrounding stores. commISSion stated these 
Pingree said he has established a good workng relationship noted Pingree. He is now working to gel other developers to amounts will pa~' for " normal 
with the Apartment and Rental Owners' Association which undertake similar projects. with sludenls in mind. living expenses at a modest 
represents about one-fifth of the landlords in San Diego County. Another project is the development and publication of a level. " 

Later this month. Pmgr e ..... ill send out letters to O\'er 500 of Tenant's Handbook which will be available. according to Attending the state colleges ' 
the Association's members asing for rental listings and Pingree. in about a month . He said this book ..... i11 contain co sts le ss mon e~' . Th e 
Invi ting th m 10 l'C D to meet Ihe students. Pingree cites Ihis information on how to find a renta l. what agreements to sign sc hola r s h i p co m mi ss ion 
approach as an example of hoI\' he is t r~· i n g to increase the and not to sign. the rights and responsibilities or both landlords estimates that a year in 
number of renla llIstmgs available to students. and tenants. va rious legal remedies. housekeeping tips and residence on a California state 

Pmgree has dralled . WIth Alan Zink 's counsel. several forms advice about roommate selection. Pingree feel s thi s handbook co ll ege ca m pu s co s t s 
for the USE' and protet· tion of l'C D people when renting or will prove invalua ble to stud nt s looking for an apartment for approximately S2.100 and a 

.,..:;p,;;u,;,rC,;.;I,.;la,;;s",in.;;,I!'Mr;.,;e;,;;S,;.;ld;.,;c ... n,;,Cc",s_. _a_n_i_n\_·e_n_to_r.;.~·_a_nd_c_le_a_n_ln.;.g~de..:po_sl_t __ t_he_f i_rs_t_t_im_e~ ______ • __________ .. commuting student can expect 

t · t t· Tuesda~"s TRlTOI\ TIMES to pay 5500 les . The state rl on ImeS reported in an article about coll eges are cheaper because 
MUIr res id nt dea n Cleo the\' do not charg tu ition and 
:\lalone tha t a "crisis center. their fees are lower . The EdiIHl'- in -Chit,r \lttlh ~t'h ill Citl Edilur FranJ.. Phillip-
C\lp~ Editor t.Iltlt ·J.. (,ral1<IIII 
EtlilllrialUin'l'IlIr Dal id lIul'ht,inlh' r 
:'llOrl. EditHI' \likl' !Cath 

located in :o.l uir apartment s~'stem average IS $160. 
number K-2. is alrea dy open " School Financing 

commission. costs at other 
schools are also high. USC will 
cost about $4.l00. Immaculate 
Heart $3.875. Pepperdine $3.700 
and Mt. St. Mary 's College 
$3.230. 

According to a new survey by 
th.? National Assn. of State 
liniversities and Land-Grant 
colleges. the highest tuition-fee 
charges in the coun try are at 
the University of New 
Hampshire - $1.084 - and the 
University of Vermont -
$1.082. The lowest char~e 
reported by the comm ission 
was $70 at the City University 
of New York.' . 

In a survey ot comparable 
institutions conducted by the 
American Assn . 0 f . State 
Colleges and Universities. the 
average California state 
college fee of $160 is 
s ubstantiall y below the 
national median I igure of $405 . 'lanal-illl! Editur Calli·' ~harid, 

Bu-inl ... 'I u,,,.,,, r T(' rr: IbrH" 
\rt. E lilur I.arrit, Hil'J..t" 
Phuttt!ru"h~ Etlilur Jill' Ea.lt'l'I\ 
New, Oe lOrtmeni 
8oU810" •• 0 

"" tndoll ~O"'iliion 
KOlh) ( Iv .. k 
Mork Mc\ooko 
\o1(l o r IO I\.yhon 
Chu,k Ro .. 

T,""oth) rlH\th 
\"III' .Cit, Editor. J)l'hhit· I.UIt'IHIt·r 

G.doo~Young Bult \lill l'r 
Copy Reod." 
Debbie 'y,o'l' 9.;)mery 
Glena Sch roeter 
Photogloph." 
Mlct'l oel Greene 
,y,w;h cwl lo\ ~g 
Btll ndo MOno" 
fluchoel !te\~O 

According to the article the 
'stall has gone through 

rigo rou t rainin g unde r 
:\Ialone. who has had much 
prevIous exp rience as a drug 
counse lor ... 

North County Bond Election 
r omm'l C Jlu'W'e 
Chu,k Crompl," 
lo''Y D«k.1 

R~k D, ,,", 
J01'I Go,,,,,, ood 
G."y Goyloy 
Do.od Goodmo. 

J,,. Soli, 
An,Oepo",.,.n' 
( hr,. " lbo" 
Roberto A.ehod 

Peter HolI,ng\ ..... onh 
leofloro Monteltono 
Enc Pe,l",on 
'1o,k '" ~,.~.I 
Oonny ~ptllen, 
Spo'" D'po"me"r 
Mark l l"o 
".dy E .tob,coIt 

P,odu" ion 
Do"d 8u,hb,nd. n 

Ad.,rt i.tng Deportment 
Jeff Fhod 
S"",n Cod., 
D.bboelovendol 

fhe TIITOH IIMIS I' OffKKllly rt<09ntaed ond ,,,,pported 0\ 0 ,tlldent ,.. ... \f>OPe' by the Co",n'll.lnt(ohonl Ioord 
01 IN U",_wty 01 CoillOlolO. Son 0"90. a.;,ld ' .~ 2SD. 1\1\0",,"". Compv •. lo Jollo. Col,l .. ft,o 92031 PvblICa/ion 

~ twoc ...... Iy Oft TlIMdoy. ond 'ndol" , Off'<o. 0" io<oted 1ft loom 117. Iloh Holi. on rfIt .... 11. Cafllp"" '" 
Ad."t"'., phoft' An· 2000. 1/011. '0' .d,toflaI0' .... ,phontXIOI6 

Page 2 Triton Times October 12/ 1971 

Actuall\, the criSIS center is 
only partially op n but nol 
under the direction of !'1alone. 

The TRITOX TIMES regrets 
the error and anI' 
incom·enience it mal' have 
caused the members ' of the 

i~!~! .. center staff or Dean 

A School bond election will be held toda y for the San Dieguito 
I,;nion High School District. The bond call s for $7 .6 million for 
building funds. 

The an Dieguito t;nion High School District covers the 
communities of Leucadia. Encinitas , Cardiff . Solana Beach. 
Rancho Santa Fe. Olivenhain. and Del Mar . The district is 
supporting passage of the bill in order to build another high 
school and to improve the San Dieguito Union High School. 

Questions can be answered concerning this election by 
callina District Superintendent Dr. Georlle Kibley at 7S3-M91. 

(ontrovene) Examined 

Academic Pol iticol izotion at U(SD 

Center Showcoses Foreign Cultures 
David Goodman 

After 12 years of planning and fund-raising. 
the UCSD International Center has opened. 
According to M. V. Rao. the president of the 
International Club, the Center will hopefully 
serve as a mini student union which can be used 
by anyone as a focal point for social and cultural 
intercourse . 

Located on Matthews Campus. the Center will 
serve foreign and American students. and 
members of the community. Included in the 
Center are activity rooms, a ·television·lounge. a 
kitchen. an outdoor patio. a living room and a 
nursery school. 

A series of festivals demonstrating the 
customs of particular countries to be held at the 
center is planned in hopes of acquainting the 
public with different foreign cultures. Cuba. 
Smgapore . Uganda . Rumania and Eucador are 
among the 63 countries that are represented by 
the 700 member foreign community at UCSD. 

Exhibits will be shown at the Center. These 
exhibits will be the personal contributions from 
foreign students who are studying here or from 
American students who have returned to the 
United States after studying abroad . 

The structure housing the International 
Center cost $204.000. It was financed primarily 
through the efforts of the Zanta Club. a group of 

volunteer fund raisers who have spent the past 
12 years in active support of foreign students. 

The International Center is controlled bv the 
International Center Governing Board. a' non-
profit organization. It is composed of 
community volunteers, faculty members. 
university administrators and foreign and 
American students. They are presently faced 
with the problem of raising $15.000 to furnish the 
building. 

Located in the Center is the Office of 
International Studies. In addition to supervising 
the operation of the Center . Joan Walsh. Dean 
of Foreign Students and her assistant. Maureen 
Parde. help in solving the problems of foreign 
students. The principal problem for the foriegn 
students is often financial because of the high 
cost-of-living. 

Planned for the future at the International 
Center is a series of i!Jformal talks . Among 
those planning to speak is Nobel laureate in 
astrophysics and UCSD faculty member Hans 
Allven. 

On October 15 the International Center is 
sponsoring a party ~o which all students are 
invited. The purpose of the party is to celebrate 
the opening of the Center . 

-

One of the University's 
recurrent crises. the furor over 
alleged " polit icalization." 
sprang up again this summer ID 
the pa ges of a lar ge 
metropolitan newspaper. In a 
long article on August 29, the 
L.A. TIMES reported thaI it 
could find no ev idence to 
support Governor Ronald 
Reagan's charges of politica l 
bias in professors' awarding of 
grades to students. The 
following day. the TIM ES 
entered anolher political dog 
fight with the Governor. by 
lamba sting him for his 
"unsupported" charges. 

A sur vey of opinion 
conducted among UCSD 
students and faculty by the 
TRITON TIMES. disclosed a 
wide variation in views of how 
serious a problem 
" politicalizalion" mighl be. 
and even of what 
"politicalization" means. 

Grounds for Dismissal 

Philosoph y Department 
Chairman Dr . Avrum Stroll 
told the TRITO TIMES that a 
professor should " lean over 
backwards to be objective. 
despite his political 
viewpoint. " Stroll said tha t 
there "probably is a natural 
tendency " for prejudices to 
enter instruction. but that this 
is " unconscious" and does not 
occur." to a serious extent. " 

Stroll concluded by saying 
that it is. "very important to 
be as objective as possible." 
He then added. " If a teaching 
assistant announced that good 
grades would be given for this 
or that point of view. this would 
be grounds for dismissal. " 

Profes sor William 
Thompson. chairman of 
Physics. stated that it WOUld. 
" tie ver y hard for 
politicalizalion to happen in the 
Physics Departm~n t b~ause 
the subject is apolitical. " 
Thompson did say. however. 
that " it might occur in other 
areas. " 

CUSTOM CABINET SHOP IMPORTED FOODS- WINES AND CHAMPAGNES THE HOME OF THE "ARTICHOKE FRIlATT"" 
W ATERBEDS FRAMES 
PEDESTALS PADDED RAILS 

HEATERS@APPROVED Cresci's C &: ltJ 

lorry Deckel and lim Sills 

Professor Herb rt Schiller. 
pr ~se n t hea d of th e 
Communications Program at 
Third College has bee n 
cr iti c iz e d fo r a ll ege d 
polilicaliza tion of his courses. 
Specificall y. there have been 
complaints about the texts used 
in some Communications 
Cour es. notabl \' " Don 't Blame 
it on the People," by Robert 
Cir ino. 

The TRITO TIMES asked 
Schiller whether he considered 
the book poli tical. Schiller 
co mm ente d t hat 
politicalization and poli tical 
grading are " non-issues ." 
Schiller added Ihat everything 
is political in some sense and 
that there is "no such Ihing as 
an objective truth ." Schiller 
said that a political book is an 
"ambiguous concept." and that 
" this is an expression which is 
only capable of serv ing 
purposes of a repressive 
nature ." Schiller concluded 
that "our classes' supreme 
objective is to stimulate 
critical thinking '" 

Dr. Ramon Ruiz. chairman 
of the History Department. 
told the TRITO TIMES that 
" all poli tical things are 
acceptable. as long as it is 
appropriate to the course 
involved ." Ruiz added . 
however. that he knew of no 
such cases. 

Some Cause Celebres 

Over the past few years there 
hav e be en s ever al 
controversies over the conduct 
of a speci fic course. One of 
these wa s mentioned by 
Sociology professor Jack 
Douglas when contacted by the 
TRITO TIMES. " We had an 
example of pol iticalization in 

m~ department at the time of 
the Cambodia crisis. At that 
time (Ma y 1970 I man y 
University ' classes (most 
notably at Berkeley I ceased 
normal function in order to 
discuss the ramifications of the 
crisis. 

In the case of the course 
referred to by Douglas . it was 
alleged that the professor 
presiding awarded " A" grades 
to students for "watching a 
sunrise." The a lleged purposes 
was to free students' time to 
participate in anti-Cambodia 
demonstra tions. Th course 
instructor wa subsequently LINERS FOAM PADS 

• Discount on complete sets eVisit our factory and see now a 
quol ity product is mode - 10% Discount witn tnis ad-

I :\Iarkel & Deliratesscll Calering- all size parties I disciplined . and a severe limit was placed on the number of tudents allowed in his courses. 
Food 10 go 

7833 Girard .-he, La Jolla. Calif. ..J.59-5191 
143 South Cedros, Solana Beach 

(Au". f .... Tli-City R"', ... ) 
755-7768 

The Golden Rollin Belly 
Pub l.h·~lall ran I 

TI eiconles the ( D Conlnl unit)" tcith 
gOllrnlet dining at reasonable price 

Enill~ a h('llI· t~ 1m.'" ill (1111' fine Old" EIl!-!ii~h \t llw'ph('I·(, . 
The Bridge .. in!-!inI!Thlll·,(la~ - ~altl1' (la~ / GOUl'Iu'('1 Ca"'!'\('l'oll'!'\ 
8 Id R II Impnl'lNI \1(' ou er 0 ... ill!!ill~ ~Ull(liI~ - " t·("H'.da~ 

SIIII!i(l1 brll/lc/I ('o/H·prl.! /)('{li/llrill{l (1/ 1:! :.10-
(I II\PIl";I' I('(I.' · ro ''/)(>/It/ ,\'o/lr SUII(/".I· (If't'rtlO()/I . 

225 15th t.~ Del:llar 755-1414 

History 115 park 
Controversy 

Another controv rsv arose 
last pring over a cour' e In the 
Hi tory D partmenl. History 
115 I the hi story and theory of 
non-VIOlence I became the 

1l1upita' 5 

center of attention after a 
letter by two undergraduates in 

the course sparked interest 
from the Regents . The students 
charged that cour discussion 
sections had been used as 
organlzmg sessions by th 
United Farm Work rs 
Or ga nizing Committee 
(UFWOC I. They also alleged 
that "A" grades were available 
for a minimum of effort la 25 
word theme tOPIC. and anv 15-
page paper I. based on poli'tical 
activity. They alleged (hat one 
student wrote a dla rv of his 
experiences at last ' April' 
peace demonstration in San 
Francisco and submi tted it as 
his term paper. 

After the students' letter 
reached the campus. the course 
was investigated by the 
Academic Senate's Committee 
on Educat ional Policv. After 
hearing testimony from both 
sides. the Comm i'ttee issued a 
report this summer. 

The Committee report held 
that the students' charges 
regarding easy grades." can be 
substantiated as generally 
valid ." but added that the 
charges of politicalization. 
" can be substant iated only in 
part.. .such as the charge of 
political action for credit.. .. · 
After the report was sen t out . 
Governor Reagan answered. In 
a letter to the Committee 
chairman. Reagan wrote. " I 
am sure you agree that it is 
most important that this 
gen er ation of s tudents 
exper ience an academic 
c lim ate wh ic h clea r ly 
d i ff e r entia te s betwee n 
educa tion and indoctrination 
(or polilicizalion. as you call 
it ) ... 

Most students contacted by 
the TIMES indicated that they 
had no personal experience of 
political grading. though nearly 
all claimed to have heard 
occasional " sermons" from 
professor and T.A. ·s. Those 
who did charge pol itical 
grading laid most of the blame 
to teaching assistants. 

A the du t from thiS latest 
academic truggle etlle . it is 
till hard to draw any afe 

conclusions. Dr . chiller avs 
that the controversv ov'er 
politlca llzation IS merelv a 
screen for pot ntial repres Ion 
by stat authori lie Dr. !\vrum 
Stroll called politicallzatlon a 
danger to be carefully guarded 
against. even to the pomt of 
di sc harg in g teaching 
assistant Governor Ragan 
ha su bsided into Silence for 
the moment The average 
student appears to b uncertam 
on the matter More can su r Iy 
b expected on th subject 

La Jolla 
AUTHENTIC 

MEXICAN FOOD! 
LUNn SPECIALS 99' 

Tryout Homemade 
T Q ma.les olld ChoJ.y~ 

FOOD TOGO 
WE SERVE BEER 

639 Pearl, La Jolla 

Triton Times October 12, 1971 Page 3 



f 

The Disoriented 
Manual 

by Karl Keating 
Before me lies a weil·thumbed copy of a little booklet that. 

we are told in the preCatory remarks. wi II serve to introduce 
the student to the history. politics. and social climate of UCSD. 
It is. quite cleverly. called the "Disorientation Manual." and a 
quick glance informs me that its publishers view the 
Revolution with much aCCection - and anything rightward of 
Michael Harrington with equal disaCCection. 

One is told quite plainly that the DM I no. not 
" Deutschmarks", is designed to assist the student in 
understanding the so·called senselessness which may be fOl.nd 
on campus. Then follow a dozen or so articles. some of them 
silly. all of them partisan. The topics range Cram .. How to 
Hitch·hike" to "When to See a Shrink" to "Whv War 
Research'" I shall not attempt to rebut the speci[ic articles : 
this is not my intention. Besides. a good rebuttal would require 
1, a booklet equal in size to the DM and 21 more fortitude than I 
can now muster . What I should like to do is examine the 
purposes and assumptions that underlie this mini·manifesto . 

Behemoth U. and You 
What the DM apparently seeks to do I and I say" apparently " 

because decipherment is often difficult. especially when 
dealing with jumbled thoughts 1 is to say to the student : look. 
the University will never impart to you any useful knowledge. 
and it may even hurt vou : so follow our advice. because we Tell 
It Like 1t·ls . The separate articles then try to substantiate this 
point. 

Granted. the University is often dehumanizing. and it 
undoubtedly turn out more philodoxers than philosophers. 
And. granted. many students leal'e Behemoth U. assuming 
I falselv I that thev have learned how to think. But do all these 
disturbing realizations lead to the conclusion that the authors 
of DM have di scovered . so to speak. the fabled Fountain of 
Wisdom ? I think not. 

No. I think that what we- have in DM is the logical result of 
the dehumanizing mversity. Large classes. overseen mainly 
by teaching assistants and often p tW requirements that do not 
tax the student 's imagination. and textbooks that are 
ideological Instead 0 philosophical - all these help turn out 
people who in stinctive l~' rebel against these very condition. 
Bu t rebellion can occur. I think . in basicallv two wal's. It can 
elth r take the approach of the authors of the DM : that IS. it 
can nlhilistica lly work to tear down the already·injured 
educa tional s~' stem Or it can take the course of 
reconstruction. wherem one tnes to re·establish high criteria 
for a degree. 

Pail of lop 
I f('ca ll the CCSD professof who. not so long ago. gave his 

sociology students A's if the~ watch d a sunris . And the other 
instru<:tor. who encouraged students to use his cia sroom as a 
pulpltlrom which to lobby for certain partisan political causes. 

What anI' falls to see lor. at least what l fail to seel 10 these 
two Instanccs is. II'cll. a n~' redeeming SOCial value. not t 
mention educational va lue 

Students are allen fda palloI' slop : and th \. often r spond 
bv leedlng the same to oth rs The authors f 0:\1 would realize 
thiS If the\ were reall\' as enlightened as the~' prelend to be. 
And. II thc\' were so enlightened . the~' would stop passing the 
slop down the hne and would. Instead . tr~' to remed\' the 
SituatiOn . Hut all the~' have succeeded in do 109 is to make 
sloppier slop. 

I letters to the Editor 
On Smoking Boo 
Editor . 

H '~pondtn~ in a responsible 
\\'a~' to th lirst page headlined 
stun' . Dopc Threatens 

loncert~ . Student Restra int 
Asked . I lel.'l that I must accept 
some b'lrden as be in~ on of 
those pe ollie Indul!!ing publlcl~' 
In the ~ mpking 01 boo I ha\·e 
111\' dellnlte s tron!!1 It 

COo\· ll't,Jn.~ as to the \altdil\ ot 
nur so 'Ial laws concerning 
same. tJt ('onslder tile I SU .Ii 
hand to be Ihe 
irrespol,sibllit\· of the ac t To 
ha\'e orr qoncert s closed to all 
becausl I the acts of 1 w 
seems ~ e~seles s . I think thaI if 
I \I'ant to come stoned to the 
cone rl I can smoke elsewhere 
wllh the obl'iousl\' needed 
discret ion and then 'attend the 
concert. Se\'eral of U' smoked 
openl)' and al ease durin/,! the 
concert last w kend. 

Thl' fear of SDPD narcs 
infilll'at ing seems II1tnllllal to 
111 per nall~·. but I du ee I he 

poss ibilit~· at ur h Inliitrallon 
stemming trom the increastn!! 
abundance of hl !!h school 
sLUdenl s from the surround in!! 
school who beli \ ' c the 
l"m\'ersi t I ' to be more ot a 
sanctuar): where th y may 
drink thell' wine and smoke 
their dope. than we do . I am 
relernn/! parti('ularl~' to an 
mCldent that took on sO l11 e 
ugh dimen sion s between 
·tudents working in the Corfee 
Hut and sOl11e students Irom La 
J oll:! Hllfh School that 
ultllnat II" resulted in the Hut 's 

beln~ dosed at 11 p.m. towards 
th nd 01 th Spring Quarter 
last 

Before I get olf onto an 
unnecessar~' tangent. I thtnk 
that I hay mad the tWO points 
I Wish d to mak . I I that I 
realiz the responslbilit~· of 
making openly and shall in th 

future be more disc rete . and 2. 
that I a Iso am aware that me 

" happ~' m dium " should be 
reach d a to lettmg the 
urrounding hlJzh school 

Poge 4 Triton Times October 12, 1971 

MECHA: 
Self-Determination, Democracy for Chicanos 

by Manuel Jesu de Hernandez 
Self·determination - the 

right of a people to determ ine 
their own destiny . to reach a 
higher level of consciousness in 
self·pride. integrity. human· 
ness. 

The above. on an abstract 
level. expresses the Chicano 
campus organization 's goals 
and future direction. nder 

Historically. the political 
entity of the United States has 
been'able to absorb the cultural 
backgrounds and languages of 
the fleeing European . perhaps 
because they felt the need to 
conform. sacrifici ng their 
eullural inheritances to 
survive. 

activists to help its people. to 
take the bene[its of a highly 
Industfllized society to where 
they are needed. 

. Not Cbauvinist 
Chicanos are not chauvinists. 

They are not reacting to the 
racism perpetrated on them. 
but onlv seek to solve their 
problems in relation to society . 

With these MECHA cooperated 
in formalizing the original 
demands which laid the 
foundation for the creation 01 
Third College. Last year it 
cooperated with the ASian· 
Amencan Student Alliance and 
with the White Caucus in 
solving problems of mutual 
concern within Third College. 

discussion is MECHA 
(Movimiento Estudiantil 
Chicano de Aztlan I. founded by 
a small group of five Chieano's 
and Chicanas at UCSD in 1968. 

Since then. through struggles 
and ups and downs. it has met 
success. From the original 
nucleus of five. the number has 
grown to 300. with many local 
high school youth having been 
identified as potential 
university students by the 
Talent Search Project, a 
program that evolved out of an 
original MECHA idea . 

MEcnA Evolves 
The organization has its 

national historical legacy . It 
was an offshoot of an earlier 
civil rights organization called 
The Crusade for Justice. 
headed by Rodolfo "Corkv" 
Gonzales.' who. incidentaliy. 
has written the historical epic 
poem for persons of Mexican 
descent in the orth American. 
The crusade centers in Denver. 
Colorado. 

The name MECHA was 
created after a major decision 
back in 1969 that all Chicano 
civil rights.organizations with a 
student base would change 
their name to MECHA . 

The name change served 
three primary functions : I I to 
create a new atmosphere of 
posiltve identification through 
adopting a proper name 
I Chicano 1 of their own choice. 
thereby negati ng th e 
derogator~· names used by the 
dominant Anglo·Saxon culture. 
along with the arrogance of 
that culture in calling itself 

trul~' American. leaV ing out 
persons of Mexican descent : 21 
th Spanish app lIation for th~ 
organization would serve to 
negate the prejudices against 
the names used In 
communica ting with the 
organization and to further 
show its pride in itself ; in 
rea ct ion to th e past 
natiOnalistic arrogance - lack 
or tolerance - of the Anglo· 
Saxon people in requiring all 
so-called foreigners to speak 
English, it is understandable ; 
3) to establ ish communications 
and share experiences. 

st udent s know the\' are 
welcome to visit our academic 
communit~· . but are not to use 
it as their pri\'ate sanctuar)' 
where their actions ma\' be 
used as a fulcrum by the La 
Joll a Communit~· to ' interject 
unneeded and orten unlounded 
criticism. 

John D. 

Life and Reality 
Editor : 

In repl\' to the recent 
ques tion posed by :\1 ISS 
Chri tine .\Ibert I which \\·a5. tn 
essence. " What I th question 
to which Christ is the 
answer~ " I in an opinion piece 
of last Tuesda\"s TRlTO:\ 
TI:'IIES. I can o~I~' .share my 
personal experience With the 
p rson of Jesus Christ. To get 
directly -to the point. th basic 
qu stion for which Jesus 
b c me ml" answer was. 
"What am I doin)! here' " Or. in 
mar eloquent terms. " What is 

m~' purpose in liVing':" 

As for the Chicanos and 
Puerto Ricans. their culture 
has survived. with slight 
modifications. The activist and 
poet "Corky" Gonzales best 
expresses those residual 
feelings of a yet unconquered 
people when he writes. in hi s 
epic poem " I am Joaquin . 
My fathers 

have lost the economic battle 
and won 

the struggle of cultural 
survival. " 

With renewed pride in their 
hi stor ical and cult ural 
ba ckgrou nd and with 
technology before them . 
members of MECHA are 
striving to accomplish the 
quest before them - to meet 
the needs of their people. 
MECHA expects to produce 
future lawyers. doctors . 
artists. intellectuals and social 

Do It 

Change is hard for some 
individuals to accept. Some of 
them take their prejudices in a 
sack across their backs and 
seek to impose them on other 
human beings. They are the 
ones wishing to curtail the 
effectiveness of MECHA. who 
belittle it by calling it racist. 
That M ECHA is not. or are its 
members. although some may 
still have resentments over the 
past racial slur they had to 
suffer . 

MECHA believes in self· 
determination and democracy 
for a II people. MECHA ha's 
worked in conjunction with the 
Black Students Council (now 
the Black Students Union). 
with the Native American 
Organization and the Asian· 
American Student Alliance. 

MECHA 's cooperation wi th 
other ethnic groups within 
Third College serves to 
destroy the racist myths being 
currently fanned by a small 
number oC individuals and 
newspapers locally and 
nationally. 

A sentence from an 
organizational newsletter 
reads. " MECHA is a vibrant 
organization formed to serve 
all Chicanos." Its practice 
proves it so. 

MECHA has been here for 
the past five or six vears and it 
is till very active. Its 
meetings are open to all 
concerned in the welfare of the 
Chicano people. Meeting times 
can be seen posted around 
campus. 

The Crazy Times Strikes Back 
Eric Campbell 

Latelv there has been an unusual amount of 
activit~: [or something called THESE RAZY 

. TIMES - A JOURNAL OF CORRECT 
OPI:\IO . There have been petitions 
circulated. "T" shirts silkscreened. and posters 
made. What is the CRAZY TIMES? We are a 
newspaper whose spirit lone of irreverence : 
'othing is sacred. not even ourselves. While not 

ignoring politics. we place more emphasis on 
radical culture. This week. we will have a table 
on Revelle Plaza where you can see our back 
issues. get your shirts silk · creened. and rap 
with staff members. 

We published three issues last spring. lunded. 
as a re all st udent media. b~' the 
Communica tions Board. Like any partisan 
journal. we got a varied re ponse. But there was 
alwa~'s a izabl group of students who looked 
forward to our next issue with enthusiasm. 
Noood\' has been enthUSiastic about the 
TRlTO\' TIMES tor several vears. not since 
they were In a life and death struggl with the 
INDICATOR for the right to be the off icial 
campus newspaper . We feel that thiS 
enthusiasm is one good reason why the omm 
Board should allocate us enough money to 
continue publishing. We also provide a cultural 
vi wpoint thaL is unavailable in any other 
campus newspaper. 

The Comm Board receives its mone~' from 

two ources. It gets approximately $15.000 from 
the Registration Fees Comm ittee and about 

17.000 from the AS. The Reg Fees Committee 
gave the Comm Board $2.000 less than what the~' 
had expected. Along with this reduction came a 
"suggested budget" showing how their 
remaining $32.000 ($17.000 plus $15.0001 should 
be spent. This suggested budget had nothing in It 
for subsidiary journals. The budget suggested 
by the Reg Fees Committee was the one 
adopted by the Comm Board . Why is it that a 
Committee. half of which was administrators. 
could dictate to a student committee how 
student monies should be spent? We don 't know. 
A k George Murphy. he should know. 

What we would like is for the Comm Board to 
meet publically and re·do their budget. I am 
sure that of the $32.000 the Comm Board has it 
could find $2.000 Iless than one fifth of the 
TR ITON )IMES salaries 1 to let us publish . 

There are two reasons why it onlv costs us 
$150 per i sue while it costs TT about $750 per 
issue, The lirst is that we receive no salanes 
We work because we want to . The second is that 
we do all our own layout. paste·up and justo· 
writing work . instead of having our printer do it 
Two thousand dollars isn't much compared to 
$44 .000 . but with love it can be stretched to do 
what needs to be done . Support Insa nity~ 

: 
Frankl\" . ca n see no here is the person of Jesus. 
meamngful purpo e in thiS life When Jesus walked thi s earth. 
outSld of Jesus Christ. He did not promise a lile 

Plagiarism 
To be sure . Jesus hrist is without problems. He did 

life and is realit\· - not an promise to fulfill our "needs" 
escape from reaiity . as was Inot wantsi. and He did 
Christine's misconception. promise that He would never 

The one aspect 01 :1<1 ISS leave or forsake us Ibv " us:' I 
Alb rt ' art icle that made am referring to Christians, i.e. 
Chrisllanit\· appear empty and those who are indwelt by 
m aninglc s. was that she ChriSt. i.e. all who ask to b 
tailed to put Jesus. and I don 't indwelt b\' Christ in faith!. 
mean the name. but the person In His ' words are contained 
01 Jesus into the picture. the ver~' essence of life itself. 

Who is Jesus Christ? :\liss and a perscr ipllon for living It 
,\Ibert did not bother to to the fullest and most 
menllon who He is. sadl\' meaningful ex tent. 
enoul'(h because she. as well a's If anyone is interested in 
the majority at stud nts on this drawing closer to their Savior 
campus 'and in the world I. and Lord . Jesus Christ. and 
do s not know who He is. walking with Him day b.v day. 

In as simple term s as or me ting other Christian 
possible. Jesus Ch ri st was God broth rs and isters . I invite 
In the flesh. He came Itrst to ~'Ou to call this number - 272· 
Iree us from our sin I"For all .0765 . There ~'ou will find 
ha\'e sinned and fall short ot Iri nds who are .. tuned in " to 
the I!lor~' of God. " Romans Jesus aod would like to share 
3:23 I.and to )!i\'e us a human ' H1siove. 
example to which we cou ld 
relate and follow . The Issue Glena8ehreeler 

Editor : 

Th back page of your issue 
for Tuesday, Oct. 5. has two 
advertisements tor 
"ghostwriters" - persons who 
take money from students to 
write "original term papers on 
any subject: ' Presumably 
students will submit to me and 
my colleagues, in the future, 
work which is not their own. I 
thi nk this is unscrupulou~ and 
dishonest. far worse than 
plagiarism. I am writing yuur 
advertisers to tell them as 
much . As for students who tu~n 
in phoney work : they shouid 
expect the very worst if th y're 
discovered. for wha t they do 
injur s the essential spirit of 
our community . 

Dr, DoDaid Wesliog 
.Departmeat of Literature 

vincen' 0 ier: 
Could somebody please tell me the latest lie 

this country is passing around 'bout what went 
on down at Attica? There's been so many 
contradictions and lies that it's difficult to 
separate fact from official what's been . made · 
up· as . a • cover· up. 

However. to understand this situation in its 

Big,a means you 've left your " proper place." 
your "proper" white · designated place. What It 
really means is that you ain't gonna kiss 
nobody's ass no more. But when you take that 
step you must be ready to meet death : the 
brothers mentioned above did . Death ain 't no 
'big thing anyway. 

Finally there is one major root cause from 
which not only the George Jaekson·Attica cases 

reflections on 
true light all one need do is check out the past 
patterns of this country and its people. When 
you take a look at some of their past thoughts 
and actions you gain insight into the whys of a 
thlDg like Attica. 

For example get next to this : This country is 
racist. I mean that shit is so out in the open 
there's no need to even go into it. If you don't 
know or believe this set up is racist its because 
you doa', wut to bow or believe that it's 
racist. Enough said about that. 

. stem but from which most if not all Black·white 
troubles seem to emanate. And that is the 
difference between how black and white 
perceive life and the physical world . 

The difference can be summed up in the 
words of Lancelot Whyte, from his book. Accel' 
01 Form where he states: "While the atomist 
finds perfection in analysis. precision and 
quantity. the holist seeks it in form . order and 
unity. The former tends to start with the 
detailed facts. the latter to think intuitively. 

perspecti"e shifts the emphasis strongly from 
parts to wlloJH, IJId empba.i. of liaIIs." This 
perverted idea of law and order is a direct 
outgrowth of whites ' inability to hook up and 
relate to the natural law and order. With these 
blinders on they see chaos where there is order. 
disunity where there is harmony. 

"Two Views" 

When I was watching the events unfolding at 
Attica I was impressed with the two-view 
conflict undercurrent running below the 
surface. There was this one situation on about 
the third day of the rebellion where the brothers 
were negotialing with the commissioner and 
one stated. "We have 35 Iivn, DO' bostagn, 
lives, so don 't play with us . Mr . 
Commissioner." Notice the fact was stressed 
that it was lives they had. not hunks of meat. 

Another brother in a later scene told 
reporters. "We are tired of being treated like 
statistics, we are tired of being treated like 
lDimal.; if we cannot live like human beings. 
we will at least try to die like men." Finally we 

Brotbers, Silters are Mlere It', At 

Lastly. we have the impersonal labeling of the 
prisoner dead. But the whole thing is summed 
up by a state trooper who stated before the 
attack. "This is an example of white power:' 
And to that I say right on an~ amen. 

What this all points to is that Iife·view 
contradiction I was talking about earlier 
between most Blacks and whites . The brothers 
and sisters seem to realize in a conscious or 
unconscious way that there is more to life than 
just this physical flesh and blood body. They 
realize that life is a whole sacred thing and in 
order for you to understand ll)at wholeness you 
must be whole. you must have a holistic view of 
life. Poor white folks either don 't want to or 
can 't deal with living life. Love. according to 
them and their educated fool scientists. is 
nothing more than chemical molecules 
interacting in some peculiar wav : the brain a 
Black box to be probed and progTammed : man 
little more than a funny permutation of an ape 
and worth about as much. 

All Hail tbe GrHII God II bid 
Second is this unnatural love· worship of tht' ceo c k green god - that almighty dollar. Get in the --_________________ ~ ____________ _ 

Let me state here that those prisoners were in 
prison due to some past karmic situation. But 
that situation arose when they were confronted 
with the fact that they were prisoners in the 
ghetto • barrio • reservation confines. and 
esoterically speaking they were imprisoned 
there because of their different life cycles (for 
more on this see Fanon's book where he talks 
about the interanalization of anger and violence 
in the ghetto I. 

way of these white people and their making that using a direct sense of general situations and 
buck and they will kill you without blinking an the relationships involv·ed.·· 
eye. Third is this great American cowboy 
tradition of solving their problems with hot 
steel. The motto goes: America 's my name and 

Narrow, SbaJlow'Vlew 

have these freed hostages telling how these 
supposedly desperado. hard . core criminal 
convicts had spared their lives and even in some 
cases given their own lives in protection as the 
final assault began. 

firepower is my game. Those problems they This white culture is atomistic in nature -
can't cope with as men (men?) they fall back on think about it. While atomism isn't necessarily Now contrast that with the animalistic The rebellion and killings at Attica are onlv 
with that firepower thing. Just ask the Indians. wrong these white people have carried it to its behavior of the attacking troops with their the beginning as this devilish white man 
or Africans. or Viet Cong and anybody else who unbalanced extremes. It's like the not • being· indiscriminate shootings. the executlon·style realizes that his shit is bankrupt and sinks to 
has had the misfortune of being on the receiving able· to • see • the • forest· for· the . trees idea. slayings. the beatings and abuse that went ' on new lows in an effort to preserve his dead· 
end of these people. 'cause these people with their narrow. shallow after the retaking of the compound - abuse that rooted society. But no good. the fame is over 

The white folks have always had an idea. their view are trapped by and large mentally and according to relatives of inmates who have and all the freakish weapons and machines they 
little stupid ass idea of what the "proper" place spiritually in this material plane. This visited the prison after the rebellion. is still make cannot save this nuthouse. because its 
for Black people was. especially Black males. capitalistic dog • eat · dog system has seen to going on. The NEW YORK TIMES reported the time bas come. It's time to reap what he has 
This thing of setting places for people is what that. They don't understand that there is more assault and its subsequent killings were video. sown. But also as the time comes for this old 
the last poets were talking about when they said than what these five senses can perceive. To taped by national guard and state trooper or~er to go. the superbad people will rise up and 
the white man's got a god complex. The Soledad quote from the book The Sympholly of Life: " As camera crews for " training purposes" build a new humanistic thing. a free thing, for 
brothers, George Jackson and his brother we shall see in delving more and more deeplv (training purposes to be more elficient ·next everybody. The time is now. seize the time. we 
Jonathan. these were bad niuas and to be a bad into the nature of matter. the new wave time perhaps??? l. can go nowhere but up. 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

the attica thing • rappIng about 
........................................................................................•.••.................. ~ 

kevin olsen: smoking marijuana. they were murderers. Their one protection is in making it absolutely. 
rapists. dope pushers. thieves - the true dregs . unshakeably clear to the inmate population that 
of society. These are men who traffic in human grabbing a guard will do no good:' 
misery:' who have no regard for the . Facts Belie Argument 
fundamental rights of the individual in societv. To deal with the argument. that the prisoners 
And it is because of this that thev have been were subjected to cruel and unusual punishment 
imprisoned. for it is one of the first and highest and had no alternative but violence. one needs 

1-________________ Cunctions of government to protect the only to examine the facts . We are presently in 
individual from the criminal. the wake o[ the biggest program for prison 

The events of Attica are now historv. but the 
attempted politicization and martvrdom that of 
late seem to characterize such occasions is only 
beginning. The prisoners in Attica are political 
prisoners. we are told . and their rebellion was 

quelling The proper way to deal with a rebellion reform in U.S. historv . The Federal among criminal& of this sort is to crush it. and Government pumped $180 m'ilIion into state and to crush it SWiftly. because any attempt at local correction programs last year. and has 
negotiations or stalling will only allow the upped the ante to $250 million in 1971. Just days 
prisoners to think that thev can succeed with before the rebellion. Warden Oswald had 

merely a request for understanding. The such actions. In his attempt at a negotiated personally broadcast to the prisoners a Ii t of 
journalistic liberals are engaging in the usual settlement Warden Oswald was undoubtedlv reforms that were being implemented. 
self.flagellation - Harriet Van Horne. dear acting out of a regard for human life. but the including law books and educational facilities. a 
girl. says that .America is gUilty. and Tom slightest concession to the prisoners. especially furlough program. and a training program fo r 
Wicker of the NEW YORK TIMES savs "Thev their ludicrous "demand " for amnesty. would guards. Indeed. it was the reforms themselves 
I thp prisoners I were merely humanity crying have only paved the way for future rebellions that helped spur the insurrection - the 
for help ." Among the more radical elements. _________________________________ _ 
the rhetoric has gone' quite out of control: 

Bobb~' Seale has called Rockefeller and Warden 
Oswald "murderers." and the tired cries of 
" racist " and "facist" are once again polluting 
the air. It could drive a man to drink:' 

A Better Way 

The question more reasonable men are asking 
is. naturall~' enough. was there a better wa\, ' 
The answer. unfortunatel\" . is no. What we had 
in Attica was a blood~·. iawless uprisinl( b~' a 
band of hardened criminal . The e men were 
not imprisoned for burning their draft cards or 

prison disorder 
and future killings. 

Nicholas Von Hoffmann . a columnist usualll' 
associated with the bleeding·heart side of such 
things. put it succintly : " Rule number one in 
running one of these joints is that you never 
bargain with inmates holding hostages. ever. 
not ever . The reason is that jail guards - unless 
thel· ·re on the walls or in some other 
inaccessible place - must work unarmed 

loosening of cen orship that allowed militant 
propaganda to filter in . and the broadening of 
prisone·"'s rights so that a stead\' stream of 
radical·chic lawvers could come to their aid. 

Anotber Radical Vehicle 

What I find trulv ominous in -an event like 
Attica is the growth of radical politics into 
"prisoner power:' One Brother Herbert. a 

Tascon Productions 
and KO(O prlSont 

leader of the rebellion. stated that " the events 
that took place are a result ... of the 
unmitigated oppression wrought by the racist 
administration network of this prison." Such 
rancid rhetoric should sound familiar to college 
students. and it can be especially appealing to a 
convict with no formal education. A man in 
prison. particularly a violent man. finds in the 
fiery rhetoric of being a "political prisoner" the 
moral justification for what he wanted to do 
anyway. and a steady diet of Black Muslims. 
Black Panthers. and Young Lords are now 
concentrating their efforts at the nations ' 
prisons. Coinciding with this. and most 
important. is the growth of an outside 
constituency. composed o[ guilty liberals and 
dedicated radicals. who sympathize with Ihe 
prisoners and thus give them delusions of 
political power. 

The events at Attica were unquestionably a 
tragedy. as IS any unnecessa ry loss of human 
life. And what delineates its tragic form is th 
fact that . from the beginning. there was no way 
out. To the cries for rehabilitation. one can 
point out that there was no uprising at San 
Quentin . because at an Quentin the guards 
have orders to shoot to kill in an uprising. even 
if the inmates have hostages. and the inmates 
know that. And perhaps such rehabilitation 
could be partly financed by sale of the color 
television sets lone for every three prisoners , 
on Quentin 's Death Row. But whatever path 
rehabilitation may take. it seems certain that 
the Attica reb Ilion , and it outcom , will be a 
deterrent to future insurrections. 

Tht- ltIo.' rt-Ia.rhI9 .It-t-p of yOllr 
lif~ .•. El'~ry Niglt •• 

NEVERSAGS·NEVERLUMPS 
AIY SIZE WATEI MAnlESS 

$1495 
GORDON LIGHTFOOT 

Friday., October 15 
8:30 P.M. 

r;:;CIFIC~' 

....,'JNIJ !lil 
W •• rr maltrrl'1! 
brd rramr .. 829.95 

Un .... it II ........ I •• d 
.. II ............... ., 
_11 ........... r ..... 

CONVENTION HALL 
TICKETS: 
'5.50 '4.50 '3.50 

TICKETS ON SAtE AT 
CIVIC THEATRE eox OffICE 

MEllO AGENCIES ODd HIGHLANDU STOlES 

Independent V'" ~rvice 
Specialize, in SpHd f.qtlirm .. nt 
Part Acce sorie 
Lowe t Price in Town 

3356 Kurtz St., S. D. 291·3586 
(behind tho Sporn A,.no) 

Triton Times October 12, 197Poge 5 



TIle idea d :the dancer 
repreeentmc til! I e in various 
IJIIlbolic pieces is' not news to 
u. Didn't Yeats ooce query : 
"How cau we t.eD the dancer 
form the daDce" ? In the recent 
Nichols (Mike) and Feiffer I (Jules) film, " Carnal 
KDowleCIge," !lie dancer takes 
on several roles: the girl that 
both Jack Nicholson and Art 
Garfunkel fall in love with 
while they are students at 
Amberst (Candice Bergen); 
!lie wbit~lad skater in Central 
Park that Jack Nicholson is 
haunted and tempted by ; !lie 
girls at the various coDege 
dances Nicholson and 
Garfunkel attend. 

The movie's strongest point 
is Mike Nichols' careful 
attention to the detail of !lie 
rooms, clothing and language 
of the time periods that the 
movie s~ns. With Glenn Miller 
sounds in the background 
("Moonlight Serenade" and 
"String of Pearls" ), Candice 
Bergen's camel - hair coat, Art 
Garfunkel 's oxford shoes 
jumping to Ann-Margret's 
temptress dresses and Frank 
Sinatra singing songs from the 
Mellow Fifties , the accuracy 
was simply amazing. Many 
recent " nostalgia" movies 
("Summer of '42") being the 
prime example ) had certain 
elements of the past, but could 
not pu t everything together and year, the most authentic 
get the feeling of the era they recreation of a normal 
tried to recreate. incident. I hate superlatives, 

Not only was the scenery and but it was perfect. 
photography exceptional, but There was so much in the 
also the Jules Feiffer movie that must be told before 
representation of campus any elaboration or criticism 
conversation (e .g. Jack can be given. Basically it was 
Nicholson, jealous of the the old hackneyed story of two 
cerebral/physical relationship young men coming of age - but 
Candice Bergen has with Art this time you see them grow up 
Garfunkel when he bas just a into middle-aged men . 
physical relationship with her, Nicholson, torn by his affair 
shreiks : "C'mon Susan, tell me with Candice Bergen, denies 
what I'm thinking ... you tell women their brains and is a 
HIM what HE'S thinking . . . "). selfish, lusty accountant whose 

Particularly noteworthy was descriptions of women tend to 
the conversation wbere Nichols remain totally on their physical 

; zoom in for a close-up shot of points . Garfunkel , 
Candice Bergen laughing intellectually aroused by 
hysterically in the malt shop, Candice Bergen, cannot bandle 
trying to sort out ber emotions relationships of the physical 
for the two room-mates, and sort and runs around looking 
Garfunkel bookishly says, for the grey matter in ladies. 
"Have you ever looked at a Simply, the two responded In 
word and not been able to reverse ways to the same 
figure out what it meant?" And young lady, and carried out 
the trio goes through the · their responses to this same 
misleds and potashes (read: lady unti: in the last scene we 
mi-zelds and poe-tashes ) - this see them together. Nicholson 
is the best, single moment I looks onl y for bod ies , 
have spent in the movies all Garfunkel looks only for brains 

Page 6 Triton Times October 12, 1971 

an irony because 
Garfunkel ' is a doctor and 
Nicholson is an accountant . 

The acting was excellent. As 
far as Ann-Margret is 
concerned, she was better 
suited for her roles in "Viva 
Las Vegas" and " Kitten With a 
Whip," but, for· Ann-Margret, 
she was good. Candice Bergen 
was so stunning that the most 
incorrigible hater will be 
mellowed. She actually did do a 
good job and, in addition, had 
the best telephone hysterics 
since Liza Minelli in the 
" Sterile Cuckoo." Jack 
Nicholson was the same 
befuddled , screeching , 
neurotic, sadistic - smiling 
character he has been in recent 
films . And Art Garfunkel, well, 
it's still hard to dissociate the 
Garfunkel of Simon with the 
Garfunkel of acting. He did an 
incredible job as the bumbler 
who always makes out all right 
in the end. 

The last scene in the movie is 
where the theme of the dancer 
emerges and does become the 
sy mbol for Nicholson 's 

pleasure of pleasures: the 
skater in circles goes round , 
twirling, like a white gliding 
spirit and becomes life, 
becomes the one perfectly 
harmonious feeling in 
Nicholson. Nicholson and 
Garfunkel canilot achieve, in 
this unsympathetic microcosm 
of the world, the feeling of 
being part of the dance - but 
Nicholson can almost grasp it. 

"Carnal Knowledge" should 
be remembered in the annals of 
cinema for several things. For 
one, it 's the first Hollywood 
film where I beard the stret 
term for the female organ 
used. I will also have to 
remember it as the movie 
where Ann-Margret , tbe 
celluloid-tease suprema of the 
Elvis Presley film era, took it· 
all orr . (She waited too long, 
she looks like hell now. , Simply 
said, "Carnal Knowledge" can 
be remembered for many 
things . . . but a good movie is 
not one of them . 

OwwtJo,...,. 
I l&e Julel Feiffer. I like 

Jack Nicbollon and Caudice 
Bergen. I even kiDd of like Ann· 
Margret. When I beard lbat 
they were all part of a movie 
with a title like "Carnal 
Knowledge," I was jazzed. It 
was a shame that I had to go 
and see it. 

The movie begins with the 
credits gliding silently by while 
you bear two collue 
roommates lying awake at 
night discussing sex. The 
conversation ends after a while 
with Art Garfunkel saying 
something like : " Having sex 
with a girl is like going to 
college - I feel pressured into 
it." 

This opening sequence is 
typical of the entire film. You 
don 't feel like you 're watching 
a normal movie but instead a 
continual parade of about 50 
Feiffer cartoons , each 
beginning not necessarily 
where the last one ends ; all of 
them concerning sex. Jules 
Feiffer, although very witty . 
and extremely profound, can 
get pretty exasperating. 

The story, it seems, goes 
nowhere. The first part is about 
the sexual exploits of two 
Amherst students, Nicholson 
and Garfuokel, during their 
stay in the late 1940's. Jack 
Nicholson looks and acts an 
easy 35 and as if he's gone 
through college at least six 
times. All of the sudden the 
movie resumes its pace in the 
Sixties - Garfunkel is a 
dilettante doctor and Nicholson 
a screwed-up accountant. 
Candice Bergen vanishes into 
thin air . This is very annoying 
because one keeps thinking she 
might reappear , but she never 
does . 

At this point, Ann - Margret 
jumps in playing the dumb TV 
model. Apparently she is 
supposed to be suffering rea I 
anguish about wanting to get 
married, but it's kind of 
difficult to tell because she 
always sounds so cool and low 
as though she were talking to 
Clint Eastwood in a saloon. 
Then all of the sudden she takes 
a bunch of sleeping pills and 
disappears. So it goes. 

Because !lie story is so 
choppy, none of the characters 
ever get the time continuum to 
develop in any depth . They 
seem to assume one persoaality 
for one episode and the 
exchange it for something else 
in the next episode, and so on. 

(eoetiJlled at left) 

POSSI 
Krasner Leads 

Music Seminars 
Distinguished violonist Louis 

Krasner will present two 
seminars on the performance 
techniques of composers Allan 
Berg, Arnold Schoenberg, and 
Anton Webern, at the UCSD 
Department of Music . 

The seminars, which are part 
of Music's program to assist 
research already being done by 
its students and staff, will be 
held on Thursday, Oct. 14 and 
28, in the Art Gallery on 
Matthews Campus at 12 noon. 

These seminars are free and 
open to the public . 

Fine Arts Gallery 
of San Diego 

Currently being shown at the 
Fine Arts Gallery of San Diego 
are several exhibits of interest. 
First, presented by the Asiatic 
Arts Committee, is a showing 
of prints by Kikugawa Yeizan 
(1787-1867. ' Also showing at the 
Balboa Park gaUery is the San 
Diego Invitational Print Show. 
where such artists as Jasper 
Johns, Robert Rauschenberg, 
and Leonard Baskin will 
present their works along with 
60 or so other artists. This 
exhibit will be on view until the 
end of the month. 

arts 

ITIES 
Earth : Animal, 
and Mineral 

Vegetable 
The La Jolla Museum of 

Ilnl.emlpor,ary Art is showing 
., excel~UOflal four - man show 

" Earth : Animal , 
IegE~tablle , and Mineral. " The 

which will open to the 
Saturday, Oct. 16, 

graphite drawings of 
by Vija Celmins; 

beam sculptures by 
; exploration of color 
natural elements by 

John Dill ; and another 
continuing series of 

pieces" by UCSD 
arts instructor Newton 

. Harrison, back from 
London opening, is 

to eltpand the role of the 
by being a "problem 
as well as a creator. 

Mime Artist 
to Perform 

Don McLeod, a member of 
foremost mime 

will be in Revelle 
Wednl!sdiay at noon in a 
.I·orrrlan,~e sponsored by the 

Campus Program 

who bas just 
an invitation from 

MalrcellU to attend the 
IntE~rnalciOilale de Mime 

Marceau this fall , is 
kin g h i s farewell 

in the San Diego 

• 

new mexIco 
.,ie perlman 

The braying winds, 
fearsome with their slashing cold, 
beat and bite 
at my face. 

With only the huge log left 
for fire , the axe 
chipped precious splinters, 
each one retreived, stacked 
and carried into the adobe hut. 

That day the axe handle split 
and Jonathon took sick. 
It wa. jult we two there then. 

Two days later the-wind. eased 
and the wan December .un appeared; 
and Joe Va Idea, Jorty-two, drunk and fat , 
drove the eighteen mile. oj desert dirt 
to vi.it and help get wood 
with hi. two new axes 
and pickup. 

Departments Team to Present "Dissent" 
Timo,hy Hirsch 

Dr. William Wright, in 
conjunction with the Sociology 
and Communications 
departments of UCSD, has 
prepared a series of films for 
this quarter which have, as 
their general theme , 
revolution. This series of 10 
films, from Russia , Cuba, 
France, Brazil, Argentina and 
the U.S., are the backbone of a 
course Wright is teaching -
Sociology-Communications 187 
at Matthews. 

As these films make use of 
the medium, in certainly a 
different way than lavish 
Hollywood soap operas, many 
questions are raised when one 
analyzes them. Is the film a 
" radical " film ? What 

constitutes a so called 
" revolutionary" film? Ideally, 
the film raises public and 
political consciousness to such 
an extent that there is actual 
physical reaction, in terms of 
some sort of "mass revolt." 
But the film maker is faced 
with many problems in 
acbieving this effect. 

How abstract can he make 
the film before his message is 
lost? It is difficult to get 
abstract ideas across from film 
to viewer by creating images. 
The films chosen deal with this 
problem in many ways . One 
teaches revolution through the 
use of peasant culture. Another 
is simply documentary. A third 

uses the Hollywood story-line 
approach . The other films use 
combinat ions of these 
tecbniques. 

Another question concerns 
the coherence of the social 
analysis the film maker makes. 
A series of radical and 
fundamentally different 
thoughts must be tied together 
in some fashion to assure the 
film 's success. But again, it is 
very difficult and many. 
potentially succes s ful 
revolutionary films have bee!! 
ineffective in obtaining their 
goals because of non<Oherence 
in their ideologies and images. 

All the films, save two, have 
been made since 1960. "Str;ike" 
was made in 1924 and "salt of 

the Earth" was made in 1954. 
The films will be shown on 
Tuesday evenings at 7:30 p.m. 
in 201 MC. Admission will 
probably be 50 cents. All 
interested people are expected 
to join Dr. Wright and his class. 
If a substantial amount of 

people show up for this series, 
political films may be shown 
throughout the year, not only 
for one quarter. All are urged 
to attend and see another side 
of the cinema. 

A listing of movies and times 
follows: 

Oct. 5: "Strike" Sergei Eisenstein;Russia 
Oct. 12: "Salt of The Earth" 

Herbert Biberrnan; U.S.A. 
Oct. 19 "Ice" Robert Kramer;U.S.A. 
Oct. 7.6 "Battle of the 10,000,000" Chris Marker;U.S.A. 

" Finally.Qut the News" League of Black Revolutionary 
woriters;U.S.A. 

Nov. 2 "Antonio das Mortes" Glauber Rocba;Brazil 
Noy. 9 "The Murder Of Fred Hampton";U.S.A. 
Nov. 16 "Tbe Chase" Arthur Penn;U.S.A. 
Nov. 23 "Pravda" Jean-Luc Godard ; France 
Nov. 29 " Hour of the Furnaces," Part I Fernando Solanas; 

Argentina 
Noy. 30 .. Hour of the Furnaces," Parts II and III 

Mesmerize Chickens on ~ hrimp Some Brine 
The Visual Arts Faculty Show. held Oct. 3. anaugurated the 

new eason for the Vls~al Arts Department in their new 
location : ground floor of tlle Humanities Library Bui lding on 
Revelle . 

Ellen Van Fleet appeared with her living sculptur~ . 
"Chicken Hypnosis" (far left) : Mike Todd contributed hiS 
aluminum sculpture (which has proved to be functional for 
bicycles); J ef Raskin 's unicubes were the hit of the show - the 
ga llery-goers were given the chance to dismantle the cu~s and 
reconstruct different pieces ; at the upstairs gallery (In the 
library itself) Manny Farber's paper drawings. a huge, 
untouchable Jef Rauln unicube creation. and with Harold 
Cohen 's computer paintings made their collective 
appearances. 

Pal Baxter I appearing In far right photograph ). curator of 
exhibit . announced that thi s show Will continue through 
22 on both the ground floor and library level , from II a.m. 
3 pm. daily . 

noteworthy sights are Newton Harrison's brine-shrimp 
in the series of his survival pieces, bags. ecology 

be purchased at the end of the exhibit ; David 
rec,nrdlina of people's re::ction to certain words at a 
at the Museum in New York ; and bestiary 

by Jef Raskin. 
one picture may be worth the usual superlative 
words, there aren 't enough photographs here to 

IIlU!;lrA lt" the scope of the show, and of course, nothing can 
the sounds and smells of the chickens. 

Triton Times October 12, 1971 Page 7 



Football Follies Tripping Again 

Littler in Clinic 
Marlc Lislca 

Amateur Champion and 
National Open Champion. 
Among Gene's other victories 
this year are the Monsanto 
Open and the Colonial 
Invitational. At the present 
time. Littler is the sixth-
leading money winner on the 
professional tour and also 
ranks sixth in standing for the 
Vardon trophy. The Vardon 
trophy. for those of you who are 
ignorant. is awarded annually 
to the professional golfer with 
the lowest average score in 
PGA tourneys for the year. 

Forty-eipt TEAMS - 32 men's and 16 roed-have signed up 
for intramural football at UCSD. implying that some 450 plus 
students. faculty and other .. enerate types will be wildly 
tearing a'-\lUnd the football field this Fall Quarter grasping at 
those all·too-elusive nags. There are two coed and four men's 
lugues, the coed leagues being exquisitely named the 
Grumpies and the Nuckos by Ann Hinins. Muir sophomore. 
who is the female driving force bebind roed football (as well as 
being a fine split end for the Grumpie League team. the 
Bares). The men's leagues will be slightly more sanely known 
as Open. Revelle. Revelle X. and Muir . 

Action was kicked off last Friday with Revelle League teams 
Orcs VII and Maybe Not squaring off. the more experienced 
Orcs coming out on the top end of a ~ score. Randy Eberts 
was super-hot. clicking on four TD passes. two to "everybody's 
super-husUer. Harvey Sternberg" (also known as Super Harvl. 
The Orcs. along with powerbouse Argo II. rate as top choices in 
the Revelle League, although the Yuba City Honkers (who 
scored more points in their fint game. '!T. than they did all last 
season! ) rate as a darkllorse chance. 

The Revelle X League figures to be dominated by Brian X 
and the Dungeeps. who exhibited a brutal ground attack led by 
halfback Friel and a strong. physical line anchored by Chick 
Lewis as they rolled to their first victory. 32-0 over Naphtali , 

who must be one mass of aches and pains. 
The Stumblers and PsychololY. two fine ball clUbs, 

premiered Open League (traditionally the toughest league) 
action with a well-played contest won by the Stumblers 19-12. 
Over in the Muir League DeAnza coasted to a 38-0 win over the 
Bailers, and would you believe DeAnza still found plenty of 
time to complain about the officiating? Looks like they'll be 
trouble for everyllle this year. 

Intramural coed volleyball teams are being formed now with 
the action promising to be of high caliber due to the new rule 
allowing four members (two men. two wornen) of the six-
person team to be varsity competitors. Sign-up sheets are 
available in the Intramural Office. or call Lee Johnson at 
X2282. 

NEW NEWS DEPT,: The first BULL SHET. the official 
intramural newspaper. is due out Wednesday with more news 
on the intramural scene. 

APOLOGIA DEPT. : Apologies to "Naked" Peter Walsdorpb 
for IJ'OUIy misspelling your last name. Looking forward to the 
Gdoser-Anlel game Sunday at 4. 

STRONGLY RUMORED DEPT.: That tbe Goosen will try 
and consume more of the fermented spirit per perIOII than the 
Teen Angels at the above-mentioned contest. 

Tritons Fare " 'ell 

Attention UCSD good golfers. 
golfers and almost-club 
swingers: now you too have a 
chance to sharpen up your 
swing with a couple of pros. 
That's right. this Thursday - a 
chance of a lifetime - a golf 
clinic is being held for all 
UCSD faculty . students and 
staff (you are included 
somewhere in that 
aggregation. I'm sure). This 
golfing opportunity is being 
presented on the golf driving 
range. which is located just 
north of the Mesa married 
student apartments. 'at 5:15 
p.m. The best about the entire 
affair is. naturally, that it will 
be free (which is why I'm 
going ). 

The other pro participating in 
this classic golf event is Phil 
Rodgers . He is known as a past 
National Junior Champion. He 
has also won tournaments such 
as the Los Angeles Open. 
Tucson Open and the Buick 
Open. He is ranked tenth in 
competition for the 
aforementioned Vardon trophy. 

(JCSDStops 
Riverside 3·2 

Midway through the second 
half of last Saturday's soccer 
game against UC Riverside. 
Triton mentor lIan Rothmuller 
remarked that the team was 
beginning to look a bit like 
UCLA. Well . the Tritons aren't 
quite ready to challenge the 
Bruins yet. but they did look 
very good in defeating the 
Highlanders 3-2. Jorge Rivas' 
three-goal "hat trick." a 
consistent offense. and tough 
defense were the keys to 
victory. 

, In First Tournament 
relentlessly stopping the 

Two well -established 
professional golfers will be 
leading you through your 
strokes - Gene Littler and Phil 
Rodgers. All you golf freaks out 
there should know thaI they are 
two golfers who know what 
they are talking about. 

Littler 's record alone is quite 
impressive. He has been a 
winner of the Tournament of 
Champions for three 
consecutive years. besides 
being former National 

All things considered. it 
should be quite a day for all 
golfers and pseudo-golf bu[fs. 
So be there or be square or 
circled. or whatever. at the 
Golf Driving Range. Thursday . 
Oct. 14 at 5: 15 p.m. and say 
hello to Gene and Phil. Fore ! 

The" eekly Tide Table 
Sunrise 7:05 Sunset 6:33 

AM Ht. PM Ht. AM Ht. PM Ht. 
Oct. 13 Wed. 7:30 4.8 6:36 5.212:36 0.112 :54 2.3 
Oct.I4Thurs. 7:48 5.2 7:24 5.2 1:18 0.2 1:42 1.7 
Oct. 15 Fri. 8:12 5.5 8:06 5.2 1:48 0.3 2:12 1.2 
Oct. 16 Sat. 8:36 5.7 8:42 5.1 2:12 0,5 2:48 0.8 
Oct. 17 Sun. 8:54 5.9 9:18 4.9 2:36 0.8 3:18 0.4 

Sunrise 7:08 Sunset 6:28 
Oct. 18 Mon. 9:12 6.1 9:48 4.7 3:00 1.1 3:48 0.2 
Oct. 19 Tues, 9:30 6.210 :24 4.4 3:18 1.4 4:18 0.0 

The' offense was well 
coordinated and kept the play 
constantly in the Riverside end 
of the field . Bob Goe. Carlos 
Robles. Hugo Flores. Rivas. 
Francisco Luna. and Tony 
Valladolid played well . and for 
the first time together . 
working the ball and ripping 
open the Riverside defense. 

Halfbacks Stewart Hayes and 
Andy Rubin performed well on 
both offense and defense. 

Highlanders' attack before it 
could get uncorked. Fullbacks 
Doug Smith. Mike Bridges. 
Mark Schneider.' Ray Carrillo. 
and goalkeeper Ned Newman 
contained the Riverside offense 
and set up many fast breaks for 
the UCSD forwards. On the 
whole. the team looked good. 
and even Rothmuller was 
pleased. 

In last Wednesday 's soccer 
action the Tritons fell 6-5 to 
USIU in overtime. After 
leading 2-() at 'the half. the 
Tritons were unable to control 
the Westerners in the second 
half , Robles had a "hat trick" 
for the Tritons. and Rivas and 
Jorge Guerrero also scored. 

The next home game is 
Wednesday Oct. 13 at 3:30 
against Southern California 
College. We hope to be back on 
the main field . bu t should we 
fail. the game will be played on 
the Matthews campus fie.ld , 

You wouldn't think a team 
could spend a Saturday winning 
two water polo games and 
return home with their chins 
somewhat drooping. but such 
was the case with the Tritons 
this weekend as the poloists 
encountered some stiff 
competition. smog. heat. and 
food of questionable nutritional 
value during their short stay in 
Riverside. The cause of the 
downcast was. of course. that 
while the UCSDer 's notched 
two wins . they unfortunately 
played three games. and the 
last is always the toughest to 
forget. 

The morning started out 
pleasantly enough. in a pool at 
a high school near UCR. In size 
and temperature the pool could 
have been easily mistaken for 
the local turkish bath . The first 

quarter against Occidental was 
perhaps the best single team 
effort that UCSD has put 
together this season. Though 
the momentum of the game 
changed in the later moments . 
the Tritons jumped upon Oxy 
enough in the early stages with 
tight pressure defense and 
clever fullcourt shooting by 
Pickle to hold onto an 8-5 
victory and thereby advance to 
the second round. 

Three hours. 52 oranges. 38 
candy bars and 18 quarts of 
gatorade and orange juice 
later. UCSD met Claremont 
Men ·s. who were seeded second 
in the tournament . This contest 
was held at Riverside. where 
the pool is somewhat different. 
It is just a touch smaller than 
Lake Michigan and full of 
flotsam : some swore they saw 
an occassional iceberg, This 
took some adjusting. but it 

PURE SPEED. PURE GUTS. PURE EXCITEMENT. SUN. OCT.I~ 

Aztec 
Highlights 
with Don Coryell 

Tonight-7:0D p.m. 
f.z tecs vs. 

Univ. of the Pacific 
KCST·39TV 

F JII replay 
of the game 

A motorcycle road 
racer lives on the 
edge of human precision. 
He leans into high-speed 
turns, raw concrete 
hurtl ing past his 
inside knee at 80 
miles per haur. 
He accelerates 
upto160 inthe 
stra ightaways. 
Hurr icane w inds tear at his racing leathers w hile 
he computes the variables: Speed, angle, 
weight distribution, distance, pasit ion, gearing, 
track condition. And he's got plenty of company: 
Over 100 other screaming, weaving, high·veloci ty 
bikes, wheel to wheel in the wor ld's fastest 
movinq traff ic jam. 
THE CHAMPION SPARK PLUG CLASSIC 
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 17. 
The longest, richest, most important expert-c lass 

professianal road race in 
the histary of modern motorcycle 
racing hits the track at Ontario 
Motor Speedway at noon, Sunday, 
Oct. 17. It's a twist ing, turning, 

250·mile spectacle featuri ng 
over 100 of the world's f inest riders 

going flat-out after 540,000. 
There's never been anyth ing like 
it. Be there. 

PLENTY OF SEATS. 
FREE PARKING. 

You can purchase advance seats 
through Ticketron outlets at Sears, Broad-

way, May Co. and Bullocks. And there'll 
be plenty of chaice seats ava ilable- at the 

. Speedway on race day, priced 
at 58.00, 56.00 and 54 .00 

(Juniors under IS, half-
price). Come. En iay: Com-

fortable seats; plenty of 
restaurant, bar and snack serv-

ice ; free parking, the works! 

ONTARIO MOTOR 
SPlEDWAY. SUN. OCT. 17. 

ALSO: CHAMPION NATIONAL MCJrOCROSS, SA~ ~ 16-
Imported from Europe, the world's filthiest sport: Dirt, water. mud-slicks, 

blind iumps, tight corners, flying machines. All seats. four bucks. 
At licketron or the Speedway. Come early, stay Iote. Bring the group. Dress rotten. 

Page 8 Triton Times October 12, 1971 

water polo ... 
Continued from Page81 

fina lly fell into place in the 
second half. In the third 
qu arte r . John O'Conne ll. 
world 's smallest and craftiest 
hole man (if you don't know 
what a hole man is just let your 
imagination go and I'll explain 
it in the near futu re) finally got 
hot. So hot. as a matter of fact. 
that he was actually seen 
smiling after swimming down 
the pool. wh ich has got to be a 
first for John , 

In spite of his streak. the 
game was by no means a 
runaway . the final score being 
decided on a penalty shot in the 
waning minutes, In the end the 
Tritons won 7·6. Claremont 
went away with the name of 
"Mudd," 'and UCS D coun ting 
the minutes and candy bars 

BlOW 
YOUR· 

SElF UP 
fO POSH. SIZE 
~de~~u~o:~ t dO:eo':fIO~d,e,' : 
pe rfect tor partlls , Sind 
~rlr:~w p~{n t ,C O~~~t:!otg; 
ml,i ll ne p"oto , for slides 
and ne,'tilles, , dd $100 per poster , 8etter orl, ln. ls ,"--'= __ _ 
produce better posters. 
Gi.n t bl w poster mi ll ed In tUbe. 
11/, x 2 Ft. S2.S0 - 314ft. 57.S0 

.lOW·U~ IN ~YCHII!lIC COlOR , .ny photo 
mlde jn to I poster In pSlchedl!! lIc Red, Creen, 
81u. or Yellow, Only In .... . 2 ft @ 13.50 
ond 2 • 3 ft . @ 14 50, Specify desi red color. 
RUSH SERVICE. tlClt " "'1..,.0 I. 1 ill., II, h" , 
el. " Mill .all U M'f "Uti' .," , .. 
,,,,,r tf,. , ~ Ith"'~" IIIM . IN . ... ... ~ ' ''' ."t'f' I N 
II, M .,. fer lACH II. ", orlkl~ ,. " ' . "'t l'lll Md " JII 
, ' I ~lIOthd (l1II 'I JII O ,_ COO l ie 

MAXI· POSTER, ~:g\~. 51., N.Y. 10010 

DELFOSSE 
EUROPEAN & 
SPORTS CAR 

SERVICE 

CORNER OF CASS & 
TURQUOISE 
PACIFIC BEACH/SAN DIEGO 
PHONE 488·7878 
CURT DELFOSSE/OWNER 

until the championship game 
with UCR. 

The fina I game was lost 
shortly after it was begun : it 
was perhaps the worst defeat 
UCSD had ever suffered 
psychologically. for it was a 
loss to a team which wa s in no 
way superior to the local crew, 
It was only in retrospect that 
some of the players realized 
just how beatable UCR was and 
is, The fina l score found CSD 
on the short end. 5-3, With a 
change in setting. cha nge In 
a ttitude. hea lthy players . and 
no smog. the score thi'S Friday 
wh en t he Tri to ns host 
Riverside in a rematch will 
undout-tedly be different. In all 
seriousness. this will be one of 
the most hotly contested games 
of the year. so drop by if you 
can. 

Beckley ... 
Continued from Page 1 

Beckley said the center will 
be open on a 24-hour walk-in , 
phone·in basis. It will assist 
lonely or troubled students with 
their' problems by enabling 
them to talk to olhers who may 
be able to share similar 
experiences. Except for those 
with se riou s probl ems 
requiring professional help. 
Becklev feels thiS center will 
be of great benefit. 

.. Anoth er thin g we ' re 
interested in is orne kind of a 
coffee·house arrangement in 
the snack-bar in the Muir 
Commons area that would be a 
place where people cou ld go in 
the evenings or on weekends." 
said Beckley. He foresees free 
or low-cost entertainment. 
perhaps supplied in large part 

HYPNOSIS Perfect your skills Increase concentration 

<t 8 ( 281 4586 Control habits, etc . y appl. on y - . • . Medltahon therapy D, Rakow - TechniCian S If h . t ht e - ypnosis aug 
"Someone who (ores can llelp youl" 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tues.· Sol. 
9:45- 5:30 

Women Welcome 

Closed Sun , & Mon. 
233·8328 

2259 Aytbldl DE LA PLAYA 

Pbone 459. 3465 

Grocerl.s, 
"'~'CI, • 
••• ts, 

Wi •• & Ie., 

INTRODUCE YOURSELF 
TO SPANISH THIS MONTH 

. FOR ONLY $49. 
Then introduce yourself to a Spaniard ... 

or a Mexican ... or a Bolivian ... 
or the man next door. 

If YOU have ever been Intetes ted In learning a f oreign language . bu t have 
heSitated to make a malor Investment 01 hour s o r dollars, why not take an 
IntrodUC10rv Co urse at Sulli van language School thiS mont h " 
Just S49 and 2 to J hOu,'s of pri vate InstruCt Ion per week . scheduled a1 
your conven ience, w il l Introduce you to " Programmed LearOlng," the 
met hod of language InstruCtion whi ch mak es Su llivan unique. It IS thiS 
method, de.veloped bV Or M .W . Sullivan under a Carnegie Foundation 
grant , wh ich enables us to promise you th e most elflclent , enJ o yabl e, and 
easiest way to learn a language .. and fOr as li ttle as S3 50 a lesson. 11 1$ 
t hiS method that lets ',IOu Hliior your language co urse to su I( y o ur Sit ua t ion . 
we know the method Wi ll Impress you , . , $0 we ar, offering yo ur f irst 
lesson Ibsolutely free . With no obligat ion to cont inue. Ca ll now to sc:hedul. 
an Introductory lesson I t your convenience Monday through Fnd.v, 
9 :00 o'clock AM to 9 00 o'c lock PM , Soturdav 9 :00 o'clock AM to 12.00 
noon. 

Sullivan Language Schools 
Al TERNATtVE LANGUAGE EDUCATION 

An educal '0f1,1 d,v'5ton of 8eh.v",r .~R.e",~rl" Labor.to" • • , Inc 

by students. ranging from 
chambel and fo lk music to 
poetry read ings and small 
drama presentations. 

Beckley hopes this "cofl'ee· 
house" set-up will become a 
place where fa culty and 
students could come for coffee 
and conve r sat ion in an 
a tm os ph ere outs ide the 
classroom He feels that with a 
thousand students now living at 
Muir . a facili ty of this sort is 
needed.' . 

Beckley has several long-
range goa ls in mind concernmg 
the future of Muir. The fact 
that Muir is a small cluster 
college influenced his decision 
to come there. 

"One of the things that 
brought me here. and that I am 
really excited about doing. is to 
start a very thorough. long· 
t e rm · wh at · s ca ll ed 
longitudinal-systematic study 
o f wh at im pact th is 
environment we call Muir i 
having on the people wi thin it. 
Tha t's not just the students. but 
the facultv and staff also. 

.. What 'are the stresses and 
stra ins on the people who are a 

part of Muir? What are the 
things they like and don 't like? 
What are their perception 
about what is nght and wrong 
with MUir? I would like to get 
data in such a way that we 
really have some sense of how 
much agreem nt or 
disagreement there is around 
the goals and the realltv of the 
environment. " explained 
Beckley. 

Beckley think s the 
impersonal nature of the 
multlversitv svndrome In 
high r educatio'n has b en 
ex tended to even small 
campuses , He stated that these 
small colleges can also b come 
impersonal bu reaucratic 
places. 

The cluster college format at 
UCSD is possibly a more Viable 
approach in avoiding the 

I mpersonalit~' of the 
multiver ity . according to 
Beckley , He adds that this 
cluster' college system "seems 
to be a notIOn that ha more 
possibility of both responding 
to the needs for de partments 
a nd major fie lds and 
disciplines. and at the same 

time a s mall e r . 1]10re 
~rsonal i zed referent group 
setting. 

"This concept might b a 
response to the mulliversllv 
problem. I would like us. here 
Involved in one such attempt. 
to document what's working 
and what Isn't working in wav 
that not onl~' help us but h lp 
other people wh o are 
con iderlng moving in thl~ 
direction" 

Beckle\ seems connnN 
that Muir can achieve a sense 
01 communitl·. He said. ' 1 
reallv like the rhetoric I read 
about Muir : the notion that 
there should be a sense of 
community. I'm not naive 
enough to' believe that this i 
ever gOing to be something like 
a happy familY. but I think that 
it can move from where it IS to 
mor sen e of interraction and 
community. more en e of ' it's 
exciting to be here,' 

" I thi nk there are some very 
significant things happening 
here : there are very significant 
things that should be happening 
that aren ·t. and I'm here to 
help to make some of those 
things happen ." 

Or-Gro 
ORGANICALLY GROWN NATURAL FOOD 

SAN DIEGO'S NATURAL fOOD MARKET 

.. 

• Produce. Poultry Products 
• Meat Products. Dairy Products 

• Bakery Goods. Groins 
• Juices. Appliances 

• Food Supplements 

BIG DOLLAR SALE 
NElf 
PRICE! 

Lassen 

Granola 

At Last Our 
Beells In! 

ORGANICALLY GROWN & 
IT REALLY TASTES GOOD 

100/" OFF All PURCHASES THRU OCTOBER w ith s tudent body ca rd 
HOURS 945 M-F 10· 7 GARNET PACIFIC BEACH :-~~~~7 

, SAT. 10 -6 SAT. 10-6 
SUN. 1-5 PAR KI NG in REAR SUN . 1- 5 

JACI( WOOD 
AND THE MARI( III 
FEATURING RECORDING ST AR 
JACK WOOD TO SING 

FAVORITE SONGS 
YOUR 

SWING WITH THE 40's 
JAZZ WITH THE 50's 
ROCK WITH THE 70's 

ENTERTAINING NITELY 
FROM 8:30 to 1 :30 

TUES- SAT DANCING NITEL Y OPEN DAILY 5 PM 
CLOSED SUN 

THE BARBER 
SHOP LOUNGE 

428 SANTA FE DR., ENCINITAS 
(ADJACENT TO THE COLONY KITCHEN) 

NO ONE UNDER 21 ADMITTED 

Triton Times October 12, 1971 Page 9 



• 

, 

,-

• 

Join us at bur Open 
House, and get a 
redwood seedling free! 
Bank of America proudly announces the 
opening of its spacious, new North La 
Jolla Branch at 3255 La Jolla Village Drive. 
To celebrate, we are having an Open 
House from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday, 
Octobe'r15, and you are cordially invited. 
We'll be open for business the same day. 
We'll have a redwood seedling and other 
gifts for you 'and gold coin candy for the 
children. Refreshments for all. You can 
win a tape recorder, transistor radio or 
clock radio by guessing the number of 
redwood cones in a display in our lobby. 
Starting October 18, our business hours 
will be 10 a.m. to 3 p.m., Mqnday through 
Thursday and 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Friday. 
For your added convenience, outside 
walk-Up windows will be open 9 a.m. to 
10 a.m., Monday through Friday and 3 p.m. 
to 5 p.m., Monday through Thursday. 
We look forward to serving you. 

North La Jolla Branch 
$255 La Jolla Village Drive ~~~~~ 

Page 10 Triton Times October 12, 1971 

~_-------.... --..-~~---_classifieds _ ...... 
IBM SELECTRIC 
TYPING . Choice of 
typestyies . Technical theses 
a specialty. SOC per usual 
page. Bruce, "53-~ eves. 
Russian and Arabic too . . . 
10/15) 

PROFESSIONAL 
DRAFT COUNSELING by 
competent UCLA Law 
School grads: four year's 
experience. Free interview. 
239-01010. ( 10/22) 

Thesis-term papers-reports 
typed and proofread, SOt a 
page, IBM Selectric, var . 
types. Beatrice Lynch, 753-
7356, Clip this ad. (10112) 

Maie student needed to 
share La Jo"a beach apt. 
S69 /mo. Furnished. 8153 
Camino del Oro ph. "54-2217 

MOTEL MAID, WEEK 
ENDH5H239 (10/12) 

Male student needed to 
share La Jolla beach apt. 
S69 /mo , Furnished. 8153 
Camino del Oro ph. 454·2217 
( 10/8) 

DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 

Service on schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the 
end product. Helen, 459-
1821. (R) 

Earn Cash • by sell ing 
stereo tapes on campus. 
Ca" Lee Harr is 295·2292 (10 / 15) 

Reconditioned upright 
PIANO, 5195. Call 274-7812. 
(1018) 

For Sale: Queen sized water 
bed, COMPLETE With 
redwd. frame. Never used. 
SolO, Ned Muir Apt. R-12 . .. 53-
822. (10/8) 

LITTLE C's 
PIZZA TREAT 

453-60155 
Large or X-Large pizza . 
This ad worth SOt off (good 
thru 10/31. ) (10 / 15) 

EUROPE-ISRAEL-EAST 
AFRICA 
One way and round trip 
student flights . Inexpensive 
student camping tou r s 
throughout West and East 
Europe, including Russia. 
SOFA Agent for inter-
European student charter 
flights , 
CONTACT : ISCA, 11687 San 
Vincente Blvd ., Su ite 4, 
L.A., Calif . 90G49 TEL : 
(213) 826·5669 (R) 

NORTON 750 1969, N IS 
Scrambler, good condit ion 
recent tune up, 5950 or best 
offer. Paul, "53-93601, H·31 
Tioga Hall (lOll ) 

FOR SALE ... AR AMP, 
TURNTABLE, ADVENT 
SPEAKER'S, KOSS PRO 
4AA HEADPHONES . . . 
CALL TED SULLIVAN 453-
5269 (10/ 12) 

EUROPE, '220-245 rou nd 
trl p, Also Middle East and 
Japan . ESEP, 17613 
Queenswreath Way, Irvine, 
Calif . 92664. (714 ) 833-8060. 
ESEP-UCSDmembef$. (R) 

Female has house to share 
with other femaie or couple. 
Del Mar by beach. 5100 or 
less. Large yard. Availllble 
immed iate l y 755 ·3764 . 
(10/8 ) 

JAY'S LA JOLLA MUSIC r """ 1128 WALL STREET - PHONE 459-3375 
LA .JOLLA, CALIF'. 92037 

STEREOPHONE5 
The .. prof . .. ionol phones oul 
perform the finest speaker 
sYiten". 

m.r;oss 
STEREOPttONES 
Theu professionll phones 
out f'~rfo'm the ' Innt 

$puk~r systems. 

From $26.50 

~ /OIilO)} 
•• •• 

CAB •• TTE 
79' 

see for yourself all the value packed features 
and qual ity of the A·1200U Stero Tape Deck . 

_____ ..... • 3·motor transport with 
dual·speed hyner"is 
Ivnchronous c;epstan 
motor 

.3 TEAC prec iSIon he..,s 
• Plus many more TEAC 

Qual ity features 
• Oll·the·tape monitoring 
• Bu ilt·in m ike-lin. mixers 
• Sound·on·sound and 

stereo echo 
• Four independent ,II 

silicon preamps 
• AutoMit ic shut 011 

C'est Cheese 
of La Jolla 

OPENING on or about 
OCTOBER 15th 

Imported and Domes tic cheese 

in bulk, cut to your requirements 

Come in fo r. a tas te. 
Gourmet and Specialty foods f rom 

all o a:er the u:orld. 

Cocktail and Party De light 
Gifts - .lJailing Packs 

Ride needed to & from Long 
Beach on the weekends of 
Oct. 9 - Oct. 31. Will share 
gas expenses. Debbie 459-
S47S (1 018) 

Aust in M ini Cooper " S" late 
model, new pa int, excellent 
shape " must sell " call ED 
488-8036 ( 10/ 12) 

For Sale 
18' Round Spool Table Hand 
Carved Zodiac Signs in It. 
Beautifully Done 5100. See 
at 615 So. Cedros Solana 
Beach (10112) 

Pregnant? Wouid you 
please talk wi th us about 
allowing us to adopt your 
baby? Call Dav id or 
Cynthia at 454-2080, (1112) 

. . 

PRlas: $3.00, 
• Smooth Ind responsive 

solenoid operated contro ls 7523A Fay A re on Drury Larie Plaza OUTLETS: All Highlander Mens Stores a nd All Metro Box 
Model A· 1200U S299S(I 

Friday & Saturday Film Series 

Friday: 7:30/ 70:45 

M.A.S.H. 
Saturday: 7:30/ 10:30 

U.:R(;11 1\1\ 'S 
l' ,l\''l'ER LI6','l' 

and 

l""S]'LE nOlI ~ 
]'BE ",l\'n 

$1 UCSD Sfudents $ 7 .50 Others 
Tickets A wi''''''e ", 

tIte '::T Hal, Box Office 
", lite Doer 

Offices, including the Aztec Shop at Son Diego Stote. 

Admi ion 
' Sl.50 

KPRI GIVE YOU 

A LIVE HOW OF M Ie 

SAT. OCT. t6 - ~ , JO t .M. 
USD Cn t 

ftoOiA.lw I' Ut 

Admi ion 
$1,50 

Tleleets: ISNESS/Solana Beach; RECORDS 
ETC./La Jolla; and at the door. 

Triton Times October 12, 1971 Page 11 



. , 

ad vertisemen ts 
for ourselves 
~_ announcements 

tuesday 
For all Black Pre-Medical, 
Pre-Dental. Pre-Graduate 
students in Chemistry. Physics 
and Biology. and Health 
Science majors. there will be a 
meeting of the UCSD chapter 
of the ational Black Science 
Students Organization at 5:30 
p.m. in De Anza Upper Lounge 
on Matthews Campus. 

Rally in support of Soviet Jews 
in Revelle Plaza at noon. There 
will be an organizational-idea 
meeting of the Jewish Students 
Association in the Revelle 
Informal Lounge at7 :30. 

Movie : "Salt of the Earth." 
Chicano Strike v. ew Mexico 
mine owners, wornen 's strike 
against men . Cinema of 
Dissent, 201 MC. 7:30 p.m. 50 
cents. 

The San Diego chapter of Zero 
Population Growth will hold its 
monthly meeting at 7:30 p.m. 

IN NOlTH CLAIIUMON"T SqUARE 

in Bard Hall , First Unitarian 
Church, 4190 Front Street (just 
north of Washington St. on 
Front by the hospital ). There 
will be a speaker. 

The first meeting of the Water 
Ski Club will be held at 6 p.m. 
in the gym classroom . 
Students . facult y. staff 
welcome. 
wednesday 
Pre-Med meeting for all 
interested students. Program 
for the Pre-Med Club will be 
announced. 7: 30 p.m .. 20 2250. 

The Asian-American Student 
Alliance will meet at 7: 30 p.m. 
in the informal lounge. There 
will be a presentation on EOP. 
Financial Aids . and 
Admissions. 

Persons interested in 
spelunking. please meet with 
members of the National 
Speleological Society at noon in 
lower Blake Lounl'(e . 

"ONE OF THE LARGEST STOCKS 
OF HEALTH PRODUCTS IN SAN DIEGO" 

'eo#.r1",: 
.. Vlt.",i., 

* 1011 • .,01, 
* Spaci.1 Diats 

* Harlts 
* Health Fo •• h * T .. , 

CALL ___ _ 

I 272·3618 I 
ABETTER NUTRITION CENTER 

"U CLAII ... ONT MOA ILVD_ AT CLAIIIMONT DI''!! 
IN ..... CI.,,_. S4!Mrol 

SURFING 
BACK PACKING 
SKIING 
TENNIS 
PANTS & SHIRTS 

l\orth County's 
pecialty Sports Center 

SURF REPORT NO.1S3-622J 

HANSEN 
SURFBOARDS 

1 lOS HWY lOl, ENCINITAS 
0,... ,-6 WHktlays 
,·s Sat., ' ·3 Sun. 

Phone 753·659S. 

Page 12 Triton Times October 12, 1971 

Classes on Socialism-Young 
Socialist Alliance. "The Wage 
Freeze, the War. and the 
Working Class." 7:30 p.m .. 
Muir College. Building 2E 
Floor 1 Seminar room. 

Student supper for 35 cents. 
followed by Bible study for 
those who stay, University 
Lutheran Student Center. 9595 
La Jolla Shores Dr .. across the 
street from UCSD . All 
welcome. 5 p.m. 
.. Angela Davis and the 
Presbyterians : Test Case in 
Social Action ." is the 
Operation Jericho dialogue. to 
be moderated by Campus 
Pastor Les Atkinson. The 
speakers are the Rev. Dick 
Schwitzgebel of Calvary 
Presbyterian Church and Mr. 
David Cumming of Mt. Soledad 
is open to all. 8 p.m. 

thursday 
AMES 101B film . "Waves in 
Fluids." noon HL Aud. 

Students, Faculty and staff 
interested in joining the UCSD 
Tennis Club come to a meeting 
at 5 p.m. in the gym classroom. 
There will be an organizational 
meeting for all interested in 
joining the modern dance club 
at 12 noon - north balcony of 
the gym. 

American Folk Dances from 
the hills of New England and 
Kentucky - live music - live 
caller - lively dancing - every 
thursday at 8 p.m. 201 MC. next 
to bookstore. 

The International Center is 
now officially open. There will 
be a social gathering 
sponsored ' by the InternatiQnal 
Club of UCSD in the lounge of 
the International Center on 
Oct. 15. at 8 p.m. There will be 
refreshments. socializing and 
dancing. Everyone welcome. 

Michael Horovitz : Reading 
sponsored jointly by the Lit.and 
Visual Arts Depts .. Oct. 13 at 
the Lower Muir Cafeteria. 8 

p.m.. accompanied by tapes 
and slides. Mike Horovitz is 
one of the new "oral" poets 
who have enlivened interest in 
poetry in England during the 
last five years . He has 
published his own Love Poems. 
and edited for Penguin Books 
an anthology of younger 
English poets. Children of 
Albion. His style of writing and 
of reading is appropriate for a 
conscious follower of the poet 
William Blake. It is joyous. 
exuberant . profoundly 
anti - establishment. 

Ya les avisamos. si no se 
organizan los nulificaremost 
totalmente. Agarren la onda. 
Mas hechos-v-menos dichos. 
Movida chiflada. 

In addition to the existing 
Arabic 1 course. the Literature 
dept may be able to offer 
Arabic 199. Special Studies. for 
Fall 1971. Under this heading 
students may register for 
Readings in Classical Arabic 
Literature. Contact the Lit 
Dept. at x 1226. 

BUT SOFT, WHAT SALE THROUGH YONDER WINDOW BREAKS? 

THE SOUND FREAKS~ SELL STEREO 
SYSTEMS AT PRICES FOUND ONLY AT 

'Dow Sound City . 

• ~ 
THE SYSTEM 330 _ 

ThiS stereo recipe begins with the Nikko 301 - a 40-watt solid state FM-AM-Mulli-
plex receiver (wa lnut case optional) .. . add two super OSC " speaker systems 
with a frequency response of 30 Hz to 20,000 Hz, a 12" diameter bass speaker, a 
6" diameter midrange speaker, and a 3" diameter super tweeter enclosed in fur-
niture-quality walnut. Then add the BSR 310X automatic changer with a dust cover 
and base . .. top it off with a deluxe set of OSC stereo headphones and you can 
turn on stereo. 

Retail price $527.90 
Dow Sound City price 329.75 

Easy Terms Available - Trade-Ins Accepted - The Sound Freaks Honor 
Master Charge. BankAmencard. and Money ... Slart a Xmas Lay-away Plan. 

~,,~,~ .. 
3111 EL CAJON BLVD. ' FASHION VALLEY EAST PARKWAY CENTER 

SAN DIEGO I SAN DIEGO IN EL CAJON 
Phone: 2.3·2325 I Phone: 211-5511 I Phone: 442·2511 

Other SIoro local'ons are P,'s"~na Got.la 1,"(10.n,,(1 


