
Drama D.pt. 

Christmos, McCorry Conflict Re olved 
Rose DeCosta 
Stoll Writer 

The names of Eric Olrlstmas 
and Tom McCorry are being 
submitted for reappoinbnent. 
This was one among the many 
resolutions made for the Drama 
Deparbnent at a meeting of 
students with the Drama Search 
Committee. 

Grave misunderstandings 
occurred between drama 
students and the Drama Search 
Committee wben McCorry was 
informed a while back that he 
would not be rehired. The in-
cident became compounded 
when Eric Ouiatmas refused 
reappoinbnent, as he felt that 
UCSD was selling out on 
"timeless theatre." At this 
students became upset and felt 

that Muir Provost Stewart was 
making unilateral decisions. 

Now, after weeks of con-
centrated efforts to clear up the 
matter, papers have been sent 
to the Chancellor recom-
mending that Otristmas be 
reappointed for three more 
years, and that his tiUe be 
changed from senior lecturer to 
director of University theatre. 
At the same time McCorry was 
recommended for reap-
pointment, Christmas ex-
pressed a desire for having 
McCorry assist him in getting 
the new theatre underway. 

Having still refused the 
chairmanship, Christmas is 
leaving the Search Committee 
with the job of finding a new 
chairman by Fall '72. Headed 

by Provost Stewart, the Drama 
Search Committee has added 
two students as voting mem-
bers. They are Bonita Yoter and 
John Greenleaf. Eric Olristmas 
will also be a member. 

Besides looking for a new 
drama chairman, this com-
mittee will be making the 
administrative decisions 
concerning drama, IUltU the 
new chairman is appointed. The 
committee ' agrees that the 
chairmanship will be a tough 
position to fill. Previously a 
prospective candidate was 
found, but more inquiry found 
him to be a dreamer and not a 
doer, Stewart said. 

Stewart indicated that he has 
asked the Otancellor to get 

drama moving forward as 
quickly as possible. Sitting 
approval of the new temporary 
theatre building came last 
week, and specifications are 
now being made. It is expected 
that the building will go up for 
bids next week and the actual 
building of the theatre begin in 
Spring. located behind the 
Central Bookstore, the building 
will hopefully be completed by 
next Fall. 

In the meantime, space has 
been allotted in building 2D for 
more drama facilities . Stewart 
says, " It is meager space but 
still it is some space for them to 
work in and keep their equip-
ment until the theatre is 
completed." 

long term plans for drama 

triton ti 
Volume l2, lum", II University of Califo,nia, San Diego 

have also been drawn up. The 
drama curriculwn will consist 
of: 
1) Allied Performance and 
Communications-<levelopment 
within music and Third World 
Drama. 
2) Dramatic Literature-
Shakespeare and drama from 
literature. 
3) Theatre Courses-"core of 
the drama curriculum", 
comments Stewart. 

Theatre Courses will be led by 
Otristmas and the new com-
mittee chairman. Also, it is 
hoped that three additional 
FTE's (Full Time Employees) 
be obtained by 1975. 

Stewart relates, "The style 
and definition of theatre will 
come from Theatre Courses. It 
will have the creative actors the 
doers of theatre." 

Drama will tend toward 
academic channels. Christmas 
explains, "Last thing we wish to 
have is a preschooling in 
theatre. The drama major will 

go into academic channels. 
Thea re doesn 't necessarily 
entail a drama major, but a 
drama major does take in 
theatre." 

Dr. Roy Harvey Pearce, 
professor of literature and 
special assistan\ to the 
Chancellor in academic plan-
ning, says that drama will 
become an interdepartmentaJ 
major. In the 1972-'73 catalogue, 
there will be courses listed 
IUlder "Programs in Drama." 

At present the situation ap-
pears more or less resolved, 
and drama at UCSD can start 
growing . One student com-
mented, "All dreams start wide 
open and this one is wide open. 
I'm glad to see it finally going 
IUlderway. " 

Olristmas' enthusiasm and 
concern for theatre has 
prompted this dream. Pearce 
comments, " Drama to 
Cllristmas is like football to 
Woody Hayes of Ohio State. He 
is the Woody Hayes of UCSD." 

es 
Tuesday, February 9, 19" 

UCSB ROTC Building 
Burned in War Protest 

Members of the Utah Repertor.y Dance Theater. The group will be here Thursday, February 11, 
at 8:30 p.m. in the gym. Admission will be $1 for students and $2 general admission. 

C.offee Hut Builds 
Swing-Out Stage 
Jeff Graham 
Stoff Writer 

"Another good job done by Holly! " he roars, 
and drags a reporter out his office door, without 
waiting to see if his secretary agrees. "We'll be 
able to seat bout 360 listening to entertainment. . 
. We can cater to any beach party ... emphasize 
our luncheon specials." Coffee Hut commander 
Holly Holmes is an enthusiast. 

One has to sit freezing in the icy wind, listening 
to a shivering vocalist or a stiff-fingered guitar 
player only once to be inclined to avoid the 
Coffee Hut at night. Holly's answer Is an ad-
ditional building, to seat 120 more people. All 
buildings will have their own heat, all will be 
connected. The new building will have a swing-
out stage. Performers can remain sheltered in 
Winter, or rotate themselves outside after the 
bUzzard and get it on by the bonfire. A large 
dance floor has been set aside; and the quality of 
music at the Coffee Hut, always good, will be 
made better by the new hI-fi . ,speaker system. 
A telephone cable between the Hut and KSDT 

radio promises a better selection of music than 
ever before. 

Specials Aren't Profitable 

"We don't make a -profit on specials." The 
Coffee Hut barely breaks even on a multitude of 
llUlchtirne specials that includes beef stroganoff, 
sweet'n sour pork, chicken terrazini, shrimp 
creole, Swiss steak, Irish beef stew and spaghetti 
for llUlch. Spaghetti, enchiladas, Spencer steak, 
Irish beef stew and the biggest and best 
Salisbury steak to be fOlUld on campus are 
available for dinner on different weekdays. "The 
Coffee Hut serves nothing but the best : never a 
leftover; shakes and malts use real milk and real 
ice cream." Holly said that the Coffee Hut, 
though reluctant to do so, can indeed be per-
suaded to cater to a party. 

Doesn't all this splendor cost money? Yes, it 
does, and the new building will require $15,000 in 
student registration fees; but Holmes insists that 
the Coffee Hut is paying for itself, and then some. 
"Our financial statements are available to 
anyone to examine at any time." Only once has 

(continued on page Z) 

Santa Barbara 
(UNIPRESS)-A rally in 
Perfect Park, Isla Vista, called 
to protest the United States 
invasion of Laos and Cambodia, 
erupted into a fire setting at the 
UCSB ROTC building Friday 
afternoon. Further disruptions 
in the UCSB commlUlity con-
tinued Friday and Saturday 
evenings but calmed down by 
Sunday. 

After the rally, participants 
poured into the streets at-
tempting to keep up the 
momentum. They reassembled 
into the park to consider what 
action to take. A suggestion to 
move onto the freeway was then 
vetoed in favor of a march on 
the campus ROTC building. 
Meanwhile, various people 
hurled rocks at the windows of a 

re~l estate office and the 
sheriff's foot patrol substation. 
Several windows were broken in 
the latter building. 

"One, two, three, four, we 
don't want your fucking war," 
the crowd chanted and clapped 
as it moved up the campus 
towards the ROTC. Rocks and 
sticks were used to break 
windows at the building and its 
nearby commissary. Some 50 
students actually participated 
as several hundred watched. 

Using a parking signpost as a 
battering ram, students stor-
med the front door of the ROTC 
building. The crowd, now 500 
strong, clapped and raved as 
first a sword, followed by 
various other trophies and 
souvenirs, emerged from the 
building; 

Wanton Destruction 
A fire lit in a nearby trash bin 

was then moved towards the 
building and overturned 
against it. Students reentered 
the building to the cry of "burn 
it now, bW'n it now before the 
pigs come." This time a red and 
blue ROTC regiment flag wa 
removed as the crowd cheered. 
The sword previously removed 
from the building was then used 
to destroy the Army ROTC sign 
over the front door . . 

A cry of "burn, baby, burn" 
was raised as people again ran 

into the building. Inside, office 
furniture was overturned and 
the fire was set to the hallways. 
The ROTC sign was used as the 
major fire fuel. 

By 4:40 p.m. the fire was 
well under way with smoke 
escaping from the windows and 
flames appearing at the en-
trance. "Burn, burn," the 
crowd cheered as the NLF flag 
was draped on shrubbery from 
the building. Cries of "power to 
the people" arose as window 
breaking continued. 

Meanwhile eight members of 
the sheriff's footpatrol, now in 
riot gear, with members of the 
fire department, gathered 
across the way. By 4: 50 the 
sheriffs had stationed them-
selves in front of the burning 
building. Firemen were ac-
tively engaged in putting out the 
fire. Campus Police Chief Gary 
Bowles asked students to 
"please leave." Rock throwing 
and window breaking centered 
on the commissary. 

Stalemate Ensues 
With continued orders to 

leave, students massed on a 
grass area behind the com-

missary, their numbers 
swelling to 700. Police 
assembled, stationing them-
selves on the pathway between 
the ROTC building and the 
commissary. A stalemate 
ensued. After repeated requests 
to leave from Bowles, who was 
himself hit by several rocks, 
students finally returned to the 
Isla Vista park, again cha."lting. 
Most of the crowd then 
dispersed. Those wh<, remained 
were photographed by police. 

Trash bin fires, flying glass, 
and scattered arson attempts 
caused the Sheriff's Depart-
ment to send outside rein-
forcements into Isla Vista 
Friday night. One fire was put 
out by students and campus 
police were called to defuse a 
grenade bomb. Some disrup-
tions occured on a lesser scale 
Saturday night. On Saturday 
mOming, eight members of the 
UCSB Student Legislative 
Council issued a statement 
calling for peace in Isla Vista. A 
sheriff's spokesman'Ilraised the 
majority of Isla Vista residents 
for their cooperation. Four 
arrests were made, including 
two UCSB students. 

lunar Eclipse Occurs Tonight 
Barbara Simon 

Stoff Writer 

Moon-watchers alert! A lunar eclipse occurs tonight, 
beginning at 9:53 p.m. At that time , the moon will start to 
umbra : to move into the shadow of the earth . 

Opportunity to see a lunar eclipse occurs about once every two 
years, says Professor Daub, who teaches in the aAstronomy 
Department at State College. He relates that some bending of 
light from the sun allows th moon to be seen. The clarity of the 
eclipse will depend on the amount of clouds and dust, which both 
inhibit light, in the earth's ltmosphere. 

At 11:04 p.m. the state of .otallty begins in which all of the 
moon is in the geometrical shadow of the earth. The moon 
should take on a coppery reddish color when in the earth's 
shadow, says Professor Daub. He explain that the short 
wavelength blue ~t not tint 011 two rth's at-
mosphere while the longer red wavelength are bent into th 
shadow. 

Scientists can study how fast the moon coo off!ly observing 
how much radiation, in the form of light, come oU th moon . 
Al ,properties of the earth's atmosphere can be d termined 

(contiDued OD page Z) 



I 

Coffee Hut ... 
(eoat&.ed from pace 1) 

&be A,'j S1IbIidized the Hit, to the extent of '1,000 
for .. .::blect feel. The CoUee Hut was .,000 in 
debt wilen Hony took over three years ago; the 
debt is repaid and the business IIOW lists rr ,438 in 
aplus assets. 

IDfIaIioa ApIa 
Contrary to nmor, the WIDleI' snack bar 

(another H.H. enterprise) is alao pulling in 
money. The recent price hike at the Hut is due to 
rising food costs, and higher wages for student 
workers. The Coffee Hut is no longer the center 
of the campus, and daytime business has 
dropped accordingly. The donnitory food option 
plan has caused night business to nearly double, 
however. 

In the first six months of last year, the Coffee 
Hit paid back about $35,000 in student wages. 
Salaries there are the highest in the school 
starting at $2.11 per hour. ' 

"You 're only as good as the people you've got 
working for you," Holmes declared. "My right 
ann" is Vicky Mann, assistant manager and 
llecl'etary. Holmes describes his head chef Nick 
Aquino, as ''the best in the business." The Coffee 
Hut has a fix-lt-buUd-lt man by the name of Eric 
Bierbrauer, a rqustachioed lad who habitually 
wears student radical clothes. Reality is not so 
exciting, however; Eric merely uses the clothes 
for working in and saves the Coffee Hut 
thousands of dollars annually, over professional 
machineshop prices. A night watchman has 
recenUy been hired; other than that, all of the 
labor is donebystudents. . 

• 

Future of Vista Volunteers in Doubt 
Robert Miller 
Staff Writer 

The fut..-e of VlSl'A aeems to be very much in doubt: aceordIng to 
Prudence Poppink, bud of VISTA vollllteer recruitment for Soutbem 
California and Arizona. Poppnk, recruiting 011 campus Jut week said 
that those connected with this community-bued program have ,~ idea 
where VISTA is going." 

In a recent speech President Nimo proposed combining VlSl'A, tbe 
Peace Corps and tbe Teacher Corps into one agency. VISTA II preIaltIy 
flIIded by OEO, and lt will receive a slight cutback for tbe neD ftscaI 
year. However, the nmnber of workers, nmnbering about _ will 
remain intact, saId Poppink. ' 

VISTA (Vohllteers In Service to America) II a program that alds 
people within the comnllllity with problems indigenous to their status, 
such as welfare, legal problems and housing. "It's belping people in this 
collltry to get more voice in decisions that eUect their lives," explained 
Poppink. 

The reasons behind the absence of any knowledge concerning VlSl'A's 
future seem to lie behind its function in the community. 

Women ulaaUy IdealiIUc 
The workers are usually idealistic college graduates who join VlSl'A 

from a very goal-<lriented SOCiety, said Poppink. But tbe only results 
obtained in VISTA are in attitudes, she added. "You don't see them (the 

res~ts ) that easily. It's hard for Americans to accept this slower pace of 
seemg results." 

As a result, VISTA has become involved in what Poppink labelled 
"confr~ntatlon tactics." She defined them as a style of action that occurs 
"any tune you organize low-lncome communities arolDld an issue that 

I threatens the status quo." 
. Sev~ral ~otable examples of this direct action have recenUy occurred 
m Califorrua. As a result of steps taken by OEO-fllllded lawyers several 
of which are VISTA workers, changes in the California welfar; system 
hav.e.been enacted. These include cbanging the residency requirement; 

re~~ the I?an-ln-th~use rule (which states that if a family has a 
man liVUlg wt~ th~ they are ineligible for welfare, although the man 
makes 110 contribution to the family's income); and requiring that a full 

• 

hearing be given to a welfare ndpient before he is taken oU welfare. 
eauervaUve RHefJaiUoII 

Poppink feels that recent attacks by Governor Reagan on Iimilar ae. 
Uvitiu, Jib thoee of the CallIomia Rm-al Legal Asaistance (ORLA) and 
other legal ald gro ... , demonJtrate the conservative trend io'tiIt U.S. 
that may re4!flne VISTA's function. "It maltes Reagan uptight when you 
get claaa action cban8ea that threaten tbe status quo," she said. 

Every VISI' A project in every state bas to be approved by tbe in. 
dividual governor. This results in the VlSl'A program bein& somewhat 
dependent on the governor'. view of VISTA, stated Poppink. She is of the 
opinjon that more reatralnts 011 tbe confrontation tactics and tighter 
cootrol by tbe governors may be in the offing. 

The VISI' A workers are trained for six weeks and then serve for one 
year. They are provided with a cost-<lf-nvlng allowance as salary. At 
present, commlllity worker. are chosen to work in their own areas. This 
meana that CJdcanos are woridng as VISTA workers in barrios like East 
WI Angeles, blacks are woridng in places like Watts, and Navajos are 
worldng on their own reservations. 

In addition, there are worker. proficient in technical areas and workers 
who handle general problems in each of the VISTA projects Poppink 
cited. Sle said that applications for VlSl'A service are up, one of tbe 
causes presmnably being the limited job market. 

Dtupproval of Cats 
There is a strong consensus among the VISTA constituency (fonner 

and present VISTA workers and the communities served by VISTA) that 
Nixon should not cut back on the VISTA program, said Poppink. 

The value of VlSl'A for the community is in the effectiveness of the 
workers in alleviating the problems right at the conununity level em-
phasized Poppink. The success stems from the workers; some ~ the 
programs have been successful while others have failed, she added. 

There also appears to be a significant value inhereitt in the program for 
the vollllteers. "It is an outlet for a lot of idealilm for the .)'OIm(. A 
vollllteer becomes a more rea1iatlcally concerned individual and has a 
better coocept of what can or cannot be done, " said PoppInk. 

ALL 
DRESSliD 
WP 
ANDNO 
PLJUiiI;1Q 

Free checking accounts 
for students. 

Direct 
from the 
factory 
to you. 

L~ na r Ecli pse . . . 
(coadDed from page 1) 

through study of the color changes, as the shadow goes into and 
out of the light. 

8m, ~ys Daub, "all applications are not necessarily 
astronoInlcal." An example he gives is that through study of the 
eclipse, Quist's birth has been dated to March, 4 B.C. 

The lunar eclipse can be watched without danger, unlike an 
eclipse of the sun. A solar eclipse II both "scientifically more 
interesting and more impressive," according to Daub. It can 
only be seen in a limited area ~ere the shadow is cast. 

Additio~al statistics for tonight are that the mid«lipse, when 
the moon IS as far into the shadow as it can go, will be at 11: 45. 
Also, totality ends at 12 : 27, as part of the moon leaves the earth's 
shadow. The moon comes completely out of umbra at 1:38 a.m. 

-n:IROlIV 
~ IlIiNRYC.BoSON 
I was all dressed up in my new blue suit 
And I'd revved up Daddy's car on my first big date. 
Then I felt a tug at my elbow 
And knew that my darlin' had finished her fudgicle. 
I went to toss her stick out the limousine window 
When suddenly I noticed her staring in horror! 
.Then I remembered my litter·bag, 
Dropped in the stick and started to smile. 
We had not cluttered up the landscape. 
We had just kept America Beautiful! 

Keep America Clean. 
Plgt 2 Triton Times Februuy 9, 1971 

Just for being a student, we 'll furnish you ~ith a 
year 's supply of checks. a no·service charge 
checking account and free postage (if you want 
to bank by mail). All you have to do is apply your-
self. At any of the 57 offices of Southern California 
First National Bank. 

I III SOUTHERN CIWFDRNIA FIRaT NAnGNAL lANK 

Repertory 
Dance 
Theatre 

F 
E 
B. 

11'h 

8:30 P.M. 
UCSD GYM 

Member F.O.I.C. 

Tkkets available at 
the Ure,Halllol Offkt 

Tielce's 
$1 UCSD STUDENTS 

$2 ALL OTHERS 

AD SALESMEN NEEDED 
see Jeff Fried 

TRITON TIMES OFFICE 

, Increased Student 
Awareness is 
Kaufman's Aim 

Paul Teyssier 
Staff Writer 

"I check things out ," says Paul Kaufman, the-
ASUCSO's first Commilsioner of External Af· 
fairs: "Some of them develop into workable 
ideas immediately and some never do. My 
overriding concern II to get students involved in 
university government at a level commensurate 
with their needs and objectives." 

One project that Kaufman considers "ex· 
tremely important" is the plan for a "legislative 
advocacy program" in Sacramento lobbying. 

Part of the goal of this program will be to 
"keep students infonned about bills pending in 
the legislature that aUect the UC system." 
Kaufman said. "The student body will be polled 
periodically for opinions on these matters so that 
appropriate action can be taken by our lobbyists 
in Sacramento. H we can reach the legislature 
we have a chance to increase funding for the UC 
system. We might also have an opportlDlity to 
modify campus rules, such as the ones that 
relate to possession of liquor on campus." 
Detailed Information about the lobbying 
program will be made public within a few weeks, 
he said. 

Kaufman also is working with a committee 
that hopes to make Black's Beach available for 
public use. This is part of his larger duty, as he 
sees it, to work for the development of a com· 
mllllity around UC',sD that is compatible with the 
lIIIiversity community. 

As Kaufman put it : "UCSD's physical con· 
dition is unique in that only one of its four sides is 
bollllded by a developed community. It is im· 
portant to take great care in the development of 
the surrounding land in order to secure the ad· 
vantages, while avoiding the disadvantages of an 
Isla Vista or a Telegraph Avenue. 

"What we want to prevent here is disparity 
between the needs of the people in a university 
setting and what the community does in fact 
provide. The community that arises must be 
compatible with the needs of the people that 
comprise it. Faculty, students and workers all 
have an interest in the way the environs around 
UCSD develop. Results of action being taken now 
will have a gradual but profolDld effect upon 
UCSD in coming years." 

Kaufman 's concern goes well beyond tbeory. 
He regularly attellds--ald speaks for UCSD 
students-at bi·weeklymeetings of an influential 

Paul Kaufmaa 

citizen 's group that advises the San Diego 
Planning Colmcil on wning matters. 

The ASUCSD Constitution that was approved 
last year provides for an Associated student 
ColDlcil with commissioners of community 
service, academic affairs, students welfare, and 
external affairs. The council took the place of the 
student senate. With this organization, it is 
largely up to each commissioner to define the 
concerns of his office and to Initiate action. 
Kaufman, a 2O-year old Junior from Woodland 
Hills, California, defines his responsibilities as 
"wide-ranging" overlapping those of other 
commissioners . 

Kaufman has a long and diverse list of what he 
calls "possibilities." He would Uke to have a 
student majority on the registration fee com· 
mittee, and he wants students to serve as voting 
members of academic and administrative 
committees that do not now have them, including 
the Privilege and Tenure Committee and the 
Budget Committee. He is also looking into the 
possibility of a store that would sell records at 
discount prices. 

Kaufman would like to see "increased 
political consciousness and activity on the part of 
students" and hopes that students will someday 
serve on the UC Board of Regents. "Admittedly, 

' that's going to be aJong time off. " he says, "but 
the need for student involvement is so great that 
the prospect cannot be ignored." 

Selectivity is Criterion 

U{SD Among Top Schools, Says Survey 
Rose DeCosta 
Staff Wri ter 

UCSD has been rated one of the most 
selective academic insti tutions in the nation. 

In the Novem ber·December Cbange 
MagaziDe,the American Council on Education 
rated UCSD the only A ranked public institution 
for undergraduate selectivity. It ranked in the 
top 27 most selective af(1ong such schools as 
Harvard, Princeton, Dartmouth, and Brown 
University. In the same ratings, Berkeley 
ranked a C grade, UCLA a D and San Diego 
State an F . The lowest rating was an H. 

Alexander Astin, director of research for the 
American Council on Education and author of 
the Cbange article, stated in the article that 
undergraduate selectivity primarily determines 
the status of an institution. 

UCSD is highly selective (A·ranking) . 
According to Astin this would mean that first . 
UCSD has a high status; second , students of a 
given intelligence will tend to receive lower 
grades than if they were at a less selective 
school ; and third , though the individual student 
may receive lower grades, his chances of 
remaining in college are higher. 

In ranking graduate departments earlier this 
year, the American Council on Education rated 
Berkeley and UCLA over the San Diego campus. 
Angus Taylor, Vice-President of Academic 
Affairs for the University of California, saw this 
to be due to size. Even so, UCSD placed 18th in 
the country for graduate studies in Letters and 
Sciences, 5th on Life Sciences, and 15th in 
Chemistry and Physics. 

Why did UCSD receive such a high rating? 
Chancellor York felt that if undergraduate 

schooling was really that much better at UCSD 
than the other UC campuses, it is due to the fact 
that UCSD has a set of acadelllic offices 
concerned primarily with un<Atrgraduate 
education. York says, "Berkeley and UCLA 
do~' t ha ve such offices. Here. the provost's 
offIces are charged with a fair amount of 
authority over undergraduate education." 

Regarding why Santa Cruz. known for its high 
selectivity, didn' t score as well as UCSD, York 
feels , " I don't think that Santa Cruz was even 
rated . They simply weren 't rated because they 
are too new." Angus Taylor and Muir Provost 
Stewart seem to share this same idea. 

UCSC Chancellor Dean E. McHenry said he is 
"mystified" as to why his campus was not rated 
along with UCSD. He said he wrote a letter to 
the author asking what year wa used for the 
survey, what percentage of SAT scores were 
used for entering student (some schools do not 
require SAT tests ), and where UCSC was 
ranked. He received a reply which he said did 
not answer his questions satisfactorily. 
However, he said, Astin agreed that the most 
important factor in undergraduate education is 
the educational value the students receive from 
the school. 

Paul Saltman, Revelle provost, was ecstatic 
over the news of UCSD's ratings. His office has 

mad~ hu.ndr~s of copies of the Cbange article 
for dIstrIbutIOn. Sallman exclaims " I feel like 
Mohammed Ali in saying, we are the greatest! 
Here, we've been rated 14th in the nation at the 
graduate level and we are only six years old. 

Unl~ss . the governor doesn 't let us down by 
continuIng to cut the budgets. we will continue 
to be tops." 

Russian Jewess to Appear 
Luba Leontyevna Ber· 

shadskaja is no longer a "Jew of 
silence"-no longer one of those 
Soviet Jews who, to quote the 
writer Elie Wiesel, "speak only 
with their eyes." She is now free 
because she dared to cry out 
loud and fearlessly for "free 
exit from the USSR." 

Madame Bershadskaja, a 
former ballet dancer, worked in 
the American Embassy in the 
Soviet Union from 1941·1945, 
when W. Averell Harriman was 
the American am bassador to 
Russia. Later, in 1946, she was 
arrested on " suspicion of 
criminal connection s with 
Americans." She was given 10 
years and was released in 1956. 

From that day when she was 
liberated from the camp, her 
life centered around the 
acquisition of an exit visa to 
Israel. It took her 14 years to get 

it. 
Madame Bershadskaja will 

arrive in San Diego on Feb. 14 at 
Undbergh Field. Following her 
arrival she will hold an infonnal 
discussion with San Diego 
students at the home of Dr. A. 
Malan in U! Jolla. At 8 p.m. she 
will address the San Diego 
Jewish Commllllity at the San 
Diego Jewish Community 
Center. 

The exact time of her arrival 
and of the discussion group will 
be made available at a later 
date. 

If 
The TIlTON ~IMES i, ~Hici?lIy recog~ized and .upporled o. a .tudent new.pope' by the Communication. Boo,d 

~f ~ Un,_ .. ty of California, Son D,ego. Bu ilding 2~. Matthew. Campu •• La Joila, California 92037. Publication 
" tw,c, . ~""Iy on Tuesdays and Friday •. OHice. or. localed in room 117. Bloke Hall, on the Revell, Compu,. For 
Adve,,,ung phone .53· 2000. XIOI7; for ed i to rial or new. phone X1 016. 

Madame Bershadskaja is one 
of the " Moscow 25," who 
petitioned their government, 
the United Nations, the women 
of the world, the entire free 
world-for legal exit visas to 
Israel . The justice they sought 
is in accordance with Article 
13/2 of the Universal 
Declaration of Human Rights, 
which declares: "Everyone has 
the right to leave any country, 
including his own, and to return 
to his country." 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

pu ... i.torlltt4 irs ... Ior ,,<I.. 
.1 .,M • (IHIIfMIS rep. 

,"', clout ,orI •• r ....... ....,.1 •• ,"d 
eorI .... fits for r'" 
No phone (ails 

Peace Corps 
The Peace Corps is recruiting thisweek in the North Dining Hall 
in the Revelle Commons. The corps is particularly interested in 
people with natural science backgrounds besides those in the 
general fields of sociology and anthropology. The corps Is 
working in &l cotmtries of the developing world and needs 
recruits to work in all areas. 

AN A 
BE SURE TO SEE 
DR. DEAN 

WORLD FAMOUS HYPNOTIST 
FREE FREE 
MONDAY-FEBRUARY 15th-8:30 P.M. 

REVELLE CAFETERIA 
GUEST IN RESIDENCE COMMITTEE 

EUROPE - ISRAEl - EAST AFRICA 
• Student travel discounts 
• OHicial SOFA agent for over 2000 inter·European student 
charter flight 
• International Student 10 card 
• 2 month student Eurailpass $ I 25 
• 3 wHks comping in Russia and Czechoslovakia $ I 56 
• 5 wHks camping in Spain, Portugal and Morocco $230 
• London·Capetown 7 wHk African Sofari $641 
CONTACT: ISCA L. A. Calif . 90049 

11687 San Vicente Blvd. '4 (213) 826-5669 

OPERATION SURVIVAL 
HOWl' 

!hr ee wars 1liiO, In Par is, Fr ance, a young Amer ican soldier 
serlousl~ POndered tha t ancient excuse lor not gell ing th Ings done, 
not conSIderIng a new Idea, and wrote these lines : 

DO I HAVE T HE TI ME? 
00 t havethe time to recognize that Which I 5Hk In Lil e? 
If I were to sudden ly dIscover, thiS very Instant. RIG HT NOW-

Thai Llle has placed in my hands, lor immediate conSideration 
and deciSion 

A TREMENDOU S DI SCOVERY ; NEW but INTELLIGENT and 
LOGtCAL-

Perhaps capabt e of savIng a Li l e, a Nation - a Conllnenl-
Waul d i pause RIG HT NOW, and count to 10 very Slowly, 
Real IzIng that, by the tlme this paper leaves my hands, 
t will have said, In effect, though no words leave my lips 
" I w il l lake a momenl, and consider the M essage you would 

Share, . 
Fare It has th e Ring 01 Tr ulh I" 
Or wIllI sa y, 1$ I daSh hurried ly on·myway : 
"I am seeking lor Survival, Happiness. Hea"~ and Wealth , 
I ~aven ' t I~e t Im e today 
To con sider The Answer , Ll lehas placed In my hands, 
I am searChing, you see, lor THE WAYI " 

Right now, YOU are face·to·lace with the SELF.DEST RUCTION 
01 a Pr Ice System (1n North America) Wh ich has been in existence, 
In var lauslorms-for several thousand year s. " Is al so destroying 
the envIronment In Wh ich you can- and must-live I 

So WHAT CAN YOU DO ? NOW? DestroyIng the EstabliShment 
IS certaInl y NOT Ihe Answer .That Is happening 100 l ast alr eady I 

What Is avail able to YOU 10 work with? Hall 01 the world's 
Nalural Resources, Ted1nical1y ·tra lned personnel and MachInes . 
Not bad lor openen. 

Wh at are YO U gOing to do w ith them? 
How does a " l1ot of a Super·Jel become a Pllol 01 a Super ·jet? 

NOT BY LEARNING HOWTO SKIN MULES- thai 's lor damntd 
sure I 

So yau've 1101 to I. arn What to do with 12 BILLION 
HORSEPOWER (wi th more yet to camel. 

OK-III'I starl learning I You can 'l start any sooner, and you 
can ' t stllrt VERY MUCH LAT E R, for II 'S going 10 be "ali She 
wrot. t" 

Ne"t Inue: WH E RE 00 I STAR T? Operat Ion Surviva l , PO Box 
2019, La Jol la Ca 92037. 

PAYS DONORS 
lor services 
Mon. thru Sat. 

233 - 8328 

Stop in and see John 

PAC~r~C 
YAMAKA 

1551 ,In.lt IVI 
acific ~ .. c. • •• ·.555 

' If you can drive it, 
we'll insure it 

for lessl 
No matter what you drive - from a conservative Volkswagen to a radio 

cal hoi rod - we can save you money on your car insurance. 
College Student Insurance Service has ~n working with the Auto 

Insurance Industry for 5 years to prove that college students deserve 
lower rates on their car insurance. Now. if YOU're an Associated Student 
member. you can get Group Disc( unted Auto Insuranc. at an average sav· 
ings of 48% in California. PIMS. you can continue your toveraae after 
you 're out of school. 

For a personal quote. call CS S today. 

We feel that you shouldn't have to pay more to insure your car than you 
did to buy it. 

5090 College Ave. 
583·9393 

C.5.1.5. We'r. In ,our side. 
Triton Times F"'rulry 9, 1971 Plgt 3 



our hardy provosts? Both angels and angles must exist to the 
benefit of UCSC colleges since performance pianos stand 
around in full view on that campus. 

The opinion. e.pressed on thew poge. ore tho .. of the outhors who .. nom .. oppear in the bylinl' and do not n",""arily r.lIoc:t the .ilw, of the TAlTON 
TIMES. Anyone desiring to wbmit material to be publi.hed on the .. poge. should .. nd it to thl Editoriol Director. TRITON TIMES. 117 Bloke Hall. UCSD . . 

And how else to explain that there is no opportunity to 
continue the distinguished services on this campus of lectures 
in music performance such as the eminent violinist Rafael 
Druian and the excellent piano pedagogue anct chamber 
musician Robert Turner? Is there no soft money in \he UCSO 
kitty for such productive appointments in the performing arts? 
And if not, why not? Such appointments openly and effectively 
exist on other UC campuses. 

Performing Arts: A Sad State StudeDts Tuned A way at PIaDO CODcert Recently, more than four hundred people squeezed into a two 
hundred and fifty seat academic lecture hall on Muir campus 
to hear piano students of lecturer Robert Turner play 
Beethoven sonatas- and how many more were turned away? Professor Will Ogdon 

WILL THE PERFORMING ARTS SURVIVE AND 
FLOURISH AT UCSD? AN OPEN QUESTION PUT TO 
THOSE WHO OUGHT TO CARE, CARE MORE-AND DO SO 
MORE EFFECTIVEL Y. 

encouraged to spare the buckshot and accept the fact that 
music and the arts are in good hands- if he will only shut up 
while things are being taken care of. Although appreciative of 
good will , the chairman is increasingly skeptical of this 
particular point of view. The evidence of progress is too 
minimal. 

Were you there 0 administrative protectors? Will you be 
there on Feb. 28 when the fire marshalls clear the aisles of 
students, faculty and friends of the UniverSity who will have 
come to hear and learn from Rafael Druian as soloist and 
conductor, and who will have come to hear and be proud of 
UCSO's newly formed chamber orchestra, whose life will noo 
extend beyond this year unless we can do something about it? The present chairman of the music department- namely, 

me- believes in his own paranoid way that UCSD's students, 
faculty, and administration are continuing to regard the 
purpose, welfare, and functioning of the performing arts on 
this campus with lamentably low levels of understanding and 
commitment. 

To arrive at such an extravagant opinion, one has only to 
take note that, ' after five years of practical existence, the 
performing arts are the least adequately housed educational 
units on this campJls. And to reflect that there is very little 
relief in sight is depressing indeed . 

He knows that the academic community is well-intentioned, 
but finds in general , a too cursory level of understanding of the 
performing arts and their needs among the community-
students, faculty, and administration. He watches members of 
UCSD's administration exhibit more and more often, 
impatience with taking the necessary time to make the 
necessary efforts to come to any realistic level of 
understanding of wha t it takes for the arts to function 
properly. 

Do we really understand the potential value to the university 
of such unique possibilities which already lie within our grasp? 
I doubt that we do, for if we did we would be working hard and 
long to continue such appointments and programs for the 
benefit of this campus. To date , I have seen little evidence of 
any vigorous administrative concern. Are you concerned Dear 
Reader- and, if so, how alive is your concern? 

Is It Possible ... ? 
Nor does this faculty member see any hopeful signs 

indicating that UCSD, as a university community, is ready to 
accept a normal obligation of support to viable programs of 
theater, concert, and exhibition as an indispensable part of 
every man's liberal arts education. 

Even those administrators recognized on this campus as 
protectors of the performing arts show too little overt 
determination to take the chairmam cries of alarm seriously, 
let alone to exert themselves to make sure tha t the future of 
this campus (which aspires to become a great university?) is 
endowed with the civilizi ng coin of the rea~m of art . They 
evidently don't believe his messages or, if they do, they are 
unable to translate them into effective action 

Is it not unbelievable that a university programming board , 
appointed by the chancellor and charged with responsibility for 
the enrichment of the campus cultural environment, could be 
formed without including one performing arts faculty 
member? Isn' t it interesting to consider that there is no viable 
arts and lectures program on this campus? Is it not 
remarkable that a campus aspiring to become a great 
university does not annually allocate funds for the support of 
arts events and to support performance organizations on its 
own campus? Is it possible that this very commonly accepted 
facet of the educational process-at all colleges and 
universities, not merely the great ones-is not being regarded as 
an essential part of a liberal arts education? 

Opportunities Available Why UCSC and not UCSD? 
Over the past several years the chairman of the music 

department has never been reluctant to point out to the 
University various unique opportunities available to it within 
the performing arts. A few of these are still available to the 
University for only the most modest commitments of 
University resources. At the same time he has not hesitated to 
sound the alarm about how a disregarding of the basic needs of 
the University's music department will not only destroy the 
effectiveness of that department's program, but the developing 
vitality of the performing arts at UCSD as well . 

His cries of alarm have been listened to politely, but also 
effectively ignored for the most part. He has repeatedly been 

How else are we to explain to new students and to incoming 
faculty, to concerned persons in the community or to artists 
visiting the campus from all over the world, that UCSD does 
not have adequate concert halls, galleries, and theaters-not to 
mention requisite equipment with which to function? There are 
adequate facilities at UCI . At UCSC there ha~ been for several 
yea rs the Eric Christmas Theater and other UCSO facilities 
are on their way up at the time of this writing. Why there and 
not here? 

How else to explain the primitive situation of no 
performance pianos on the permanent campu ses of Revelle 
and Muir Colleges? Are there no angels or angles available to 

Question : can UCSD's students, faculty, and administration 
accept such an educationally unsophisticated point of view? 
That question is very much on my own troubled and anxious 
mind as I write this open letter to those who ought to care more 
about the state of the arts on this campus-and do so more 
effectively. 

• I 

Women"s Liberation: Sex Discrimination in The University 
Mel Freilicher's letter about Dr. Widmer (TT 

Jan. 26) accurately points ou' that the 
Department of Literature need not be "more 
misogynous" than other departments in order 
to be very misogynour indeed The University of 
California is the subject of a charge, filed June 
I, 1970 by Women's Equity Action League, 
alleging non-compliance with Federal 
regulations prohibiting sex discrimination by 
government contractors. 

The University has officially recognized its 
discriminatory practices by pledging itself to 
take "affirmative action" to end sexual 
inequalities (statements of policy by Vice-
President Johnson, Sept. 14, 1970, and President 
Hitch, Nov. 3, 1970). In fact, with the passage of 
the Dymally bill , the University is now required 
by California law to begin compensatory hiring 
of women at all levels. 

The necessity for such a policy is exemplified 
by the situation in the Litera ture Department, 
which is typical : all four women who teach this 
year, including Dr. Widmer, are employed in 
" soft money" (temporary or part-time ) 
positiol's. These positions are virtually reserved 
for wOlot1'n , who are expected to take what they 
can ge!. Faculty members on soft money have 
no vote in the Academic Senate. no possibili ty of 
promolion , no paid leave of absence, no job 
securit f. When there's a financial squeeze at 
the Uni ,'er~ity , Ihpy Ar the first to be dropped. 

P't~SENT SYSTEM INFLEXIBLE 
I 

Teac1ers holding temporary appointments do 
more t lah their share of teaching, which frees 
the men in permanent position to do the 
research which advances their careers. Thi , of 
course. helps to perpetuate the stereotyp of 
women ales ambitiou and "committ d" 
than male schola rs. Meanwhile, a man cannot 
t p off th promotion ladd r without losing 

status ; the inflexibility of the present system 
causes hardship for everyone. Until there are 
more possibiliti for different kinds of teaching 

Page 4 Triton Times February 9r 1971 

I .. Sue Metzger, Pres. San Diego County.NOW 

positIons, soft money jobs will remain 
" women's work" of the worst kind: highly 
valuable, underpaid , and disenfranchised. 

The woman who does hold out for a regular 
appointment will find hiring committees 
literally blind to her qualifications. In a text of 
sex prejudice reported in College aDd 
University BusiDess <Feb. 1970), 234 deans and 
faculty members were asked to fill hypothetical 
jobs from a group of fictional candidates, 
sometimes presented as female and sometimes 
as male. " When all variables were equal except 
sex," the male candidate was consistently 
chosen, the woman got the job only when pai red 
with a markedly less qualified male. 

ANTI· NEPOTISM RULES 
BARUCWIVES 

If a woman has married another teacher in 
her field, she meets still another barrier-anti-
nepotism rules forbidding a department to hire 
two members of a famil y. At least one 
professional organization, the Modern 
Language Association, has recommended 
abolishing such regulations for reasons 
elaborated in its March 1970 newsletter: Anti-
nepotism rules are rarely used against men. 
For example, two leading administrators at the 
University of Chicago are brothers. Used 
almost exclusively against wives , such rules are 
ationalized by a number of fallacious 

;jssumptions: 
1. That a husband-wife team automatically 

creates a " bloc." Is it not at least possible that 
2. That it is psychologically bad for relatives 

to work in the same department. It is 
impossible for departments to make decisions 
on such matters : presumably the husband and 
wife can decide about that themselves. 
women who have overcome the obstacle course 
represented for them by doctoral study have 
achieved some indep ndence of mind? 
Furthermore, even if a husband and wife did act 
together. it seems hard to beli ve that two, 
four, or even six would creat a "bloc" in a 
departm nt of 50. 

ONLY ·SOFT·MONEY' 
POSITIONS AVAILABLE TO WIVES 

At UC wives may hold " soft-money" 
positions; nepotism rules are invoked only if 
they seek permanent positions. Apparently 
faculties fear being " forced " to promote a wife 
in order to keep her husband (they do not, of 
course, anticipate the reverse ). But hiring and 
promotion are regularly influenced by personal 
and professional loyalties. Professors have left 
departments in protest over the fate of male 
colleagues ; senior member and their proteges 
have been known to act, and to depart, as a 
"bloc" when their field of study seemed 
neglected by the department. 

It is true that the same problems may arise. 
with a husband-wife combination, but this does 
not justify the refusal to consider a woman 
applicant. It is ridiculous to assume that the 
marriage relationship lias a unique potential for 
corruption. The real difficulties of the situation 
must be weighed against the social and legal 
necessity for integrating women, many of 
whom will inevitably be married to their 
colleagues. 

The MLA Newsletter lists another assumption 
used to excuse anti-nepotism regulations: that 
the wife applying for the job is automatically 
less qualified than he~ husband . The implicit 
belief behind this assumption is that a woman 
ought to be inferior to her husband- certainly 
not, God forbid , more qualified. The reluctance 
to consider a man and his wife as equally 
qualified, much less hire them on equal terms, 
reveals a fear of acknowledging men and 
women as equals. 

RULES ERVE ECONOMIC FUNcrlON 

The economic function rved by anti-
nepotism rules also ought to be understood . 
Wives whose hu sbands have jobs at major 
institutions in area wh re there are many 
smaller colleges often accept job at Ie ser 

institutions that count on the availability of 
women as a marginal labor force . Where a 
single institution or complex under one state 
jurisdiction is the only one in a given area , the 
best jobs wives can get are soft money 
positions , research aSSistantships , or 
secretarial jobs. 

Once again, discriminatory regulations 
service an economy that counts on the 
availability of labor of oppressed groups. And 
although academic women represent a tiny 
minority of women JOD-seekers who face 
discriminatory policies and practices, their 
plight reveals ·how little education does to 
change a woman 's "place". So long as 
universities grant advance degrees to a much 
greater percentage of women than they are 
williRg to hire, it can only be concluded that 
education for women is still considered a social 
asset (it makes us better wives and mothers? ), 
not as professional training. 

Submitted by member, 01 Women', 
Liberation, UCSD Signed by: 

Sue Metzger, Pre • . SD County NOW 
Ellen Jacob,on 
Ian Altizer 
Margaret Rossoll 
Ilene O'Malley 
Mary Kogler Lee 
Bonnie Rlttenbach 
Martha R. Rosier 
Eleanor Antln 
Claudine Mulard 
Mathilde Vilas 
Jane Frazer, Chairman , NOW ta.lI/orce 
on academiC discrimination 
Marilyn Maguire 
Ruth Astle 
Pat Campbell 
Ruth Yesian 

Do You Need Your Meat? 
James Hervey Johnson 

There is controversy over whether meat is a natural food for 
man, and whether it is good for his health. Prominent Doctors 
and others express their opinions in the press. 

In the Middle Ages the great theologians used to debate about 
how many angels could sit on a pin head. In one debate the 
question arose how many teeth there were in a horse's mouth 
and the debate raged heatedly while an examination was made 
of the sacred books. An impatient heretic said " Why don't you 
go out and count the teeth in a horse's mouth?" From that 
expression comes the idea that when you want to know 
anything, go to the source of knowledge- get the facts out of 
the horse's mouth. 

We who believe in Natural Health, and are members of the 
American Natural Hygiene Society, want our information from 
the source. Could a Doctor doing research work, subsidized by 
a big meat corporation, find that unless a man ate a certain 
amount of meat every day he would be sick? So we read of 
proteins, amino acids, vitamins, etc. 

Health RemalDs Good in No Meat Trial 

Natural Health people say, " listen to both sides, get all the 
information you can, but test the effects yourself. " Many years 
ago having first been indoctrinated with the myth that meat 
eating was a necessary part of health , I ate it every day. When 
the other side wa s strongly presented, I determined on a test. 
For siJ months I went without meat. My health was just as 
good or better, so I tried it another six months. At the end of 
the year I had found that other food s tasted belter, were easier 
to prepare, and that certainly my health had not suffered . 

A great many of the meat advocates who should now be my 
age, are instead playing harps, or burning, 'or maybe just 
buried. Many -i)f them suffered from cancer, strokes, 

plleumonia and other diseases. I won't say that meat eating 
caused their deaths, only that being a vegetarian did not injure 
my health. We advocate that the individual test put the 
informatio" he receives to the test. 

Man Adapted to Meat Products 

Man is an adaptive creature, and if he had been a vegetarian 
for thousands of years, his body may have been adapted more 
for non-meat products, even though in later evolution he was 
forced by the population increase to move into northern lands 
where vegetable foods were not available during much of the 
year. 

Some of us do not like to torture and exploit and kill animals 
for our own enjoyment, and when non-meat products taste as 
good or better, and produce excellent health , we do well on 
them. 

For my part, foods should be attractive in appearance and 
smell . I delight in the smell of an orange grove, an apple 
orchard , or a field of cantaloupes. And when I smell fruit such 
as pineapples, oranges, and peaches, my mouth waters for this 
delicious and. fragrant fruit. But let me pass a slaughter house , 

w~ere the stmk spreads for miles, or a fish cannery, or a big 
c~lcken ranch, and I want to get away from it as soon as I can. 

Dairies aDd Pig Sties Stink 
, 

The sti nk of a dairy is unpleasant, and if you want to enjoy 
pork , get near a pig sty. Many of these food-producing places 
are severely restricted as to location so that they will nQt 
offend the public, and so their by-products will not pollute the 
streams nearby, even if they do pollute the air. 

lIDW playing Ihr. Ftllruary 14 (nighlly excepl Mon.) LET'S 
GO 

ROUER 
SKATING 

THE FACE OF VIOLENCE 
., 
1(J1.Jf, ~71.t 

S.,£6~ 
#'s~p,,, 

E .... ni ... StsSiol1: 
Tues. ,~" Itt. 
1:3'-10:0' 

Sill. e .. tillOts 
1:08- 1:08 

by J. Bronow,~i 
a probing drama of a young man 
obsessed with a desire for jurlice 

SAVE ~p TO SO%-Students S1.SO except Sat. Eve. 

. Is .nature warning us to keep away from these places? r enjoy 
plckmg frUit and vegetables aDd nuts, but killing and bleeping 
and butchering animals does not appeal to me. 

The early day promoters of meat eating used to point out how 
a handfull of British meat eaters had conquered the earth, and 
the Sun never set on the British Empire. Eat beef and rule the 
world , was the theory. We do not hear this argument any more. 
The sun set some time ago! 

Where life and health are at stake, proof, by testing on our 
own bodies, is far better than propaganda. 

The Young People's Natural Health Club meets on Saturday 
~ites at 8. p.m. at the Revelle Formal Lounge.All people 
mterested In natural health are invited to attend- and meet 
other members to plan activities. 

Sim Hinton 
and 

Curt Bouterse 

, ..... " _ W 
s.nsual I th.rapeutic 

WATERBEDS 
iJ',tll ~ fo ~ ,tO~ ~ #~+lJ 
10",", l"'nHluctor, .~ 

KING 555°0 SIZE 
.... 1"""1. I .. lfvl 51.., 

Sl .... t" C.rlHll Special The Waterhole 
,.... 4212 

7#mao 
Admission $2,50 Fri .• Sat.-Sun.-open 8 p.m. 111-2611 II c.t- _ . On SOl. eve. S sludenls- wilh A.S .•. (ords- will receive IS' 

dis(oUnl eo(h on their odmission. ...... ",. ~cen.tre adiaclnt to old globe 
in balboa pork 

\ .................. . 

TRI·CITY ROlLER RINk 
217 So. [..Ir.s-S ..... IHch 

, ...... 7SS-41S1 

Here's a government poSition with a 
real future for both men and women. 
An officer's job in the Air Force. A 
management level job in anybody's 
book. Certa inly, there's no betler 
:"'Iy to get the experience and train· 
I"g needed for executive responsi. 
bilily. 

If you have two years of college 
remaining, you could find yourself 
earning an Air Force commission 
while you learn, through the Air 
Force ROTC two -year program. 
Along with college credits and a 

you'll receive $50 each 
mo~lh as a student. And upon grad· 
IIahon, that management position 

promised will be waiting for you . 
advanced degree is in your 
you'll be happy 10 learn that 

i Force has a number of out· 
programs to help you fur· 

your education. 
If you're in your f inal year of col· 

23'·2255 
""" -

WANTED: 
College men and women for man· 
agement positions in government. 
Must meet physical requirements. 
Financial aid available for in· 
college trainees , or applicants 
can enroll in special training 
course on graduation. Stateside 
and/or overseas travel 
guaranteed. 

lege, you can get your commission r-------------;.;;I-I 
through the Air Force Officer Train· I USAF Military Personnel Center I 
ing Program. It is open to all college I Dept. A I 
grads, both men and women, who I Randolph AFB. Texas 78148 I 
Qualify. Please send me more information I 

Check it out. You'lI find that the on : I 
Air Force is one career that offers I o Officer Training School I something for everyone. Nearly 430 
different jobs, ranging from aero. 0 Air Force ROTC Program I 
nautical engineering to zoology. I 
with almost everything else, inciud. NAMr Acr: 
ing flying, in between. Butwhatever (please print) I 
your duties, you'll soon discover AOORrss I 
that the Air Force will let YOlI move I 
just as far and as fast as your tal· Clrv STAT[ liP I 
ents can take you. I 

So look ahead and let your col· PHONE OAr(OF GRAOUATION I 
lege years payoff for you with a I 
managerial position in the U.S. Air I 
Force. Just send in th is coupon or SCHOOL I 
write to USAF Military Personnel I 
Center, Dept. A, Randolph AFB, I undersland Ihere is nooblog'lion. I 
Texas 78148. and get your postgrad· : 
uate career off the ground. I I 

find yourseI in the : United States AW Force : L _______________ J 

~~ (5 THEGOLDENOLDIE ~ 
FILM SOCIETY 

Presents 

The February Festival 
"The Blue Angel" 
- Marlene Dietrich -Feb. 13 

"Bell, Book, and Candle" 
James Stewart - Jack lemmon · Kim Novak 

Feb. 20 

Feb. 27 

Jiri Menzel r s 
''Closely Watched Trains" 

plus Mel Brooks 
The Critic 

(award winning short) 

Viva Max 
Peter Ustinov, Johnathan Winters 

plus 
laurel and Hardy 

Place: Sumner Aud. 
Time: 7 P.M. 

"Two Tars" 
plus 

"Pigs is Pigs r I 
and 

"Ben & Me" 

"" Series Tickets available at Urey Hall Box Office ... 

~~ 
Triton Times February 9, 1971 Page S 



ruckin' After the 
Gold Rush • • • 

Ken Bornes 

Arts Writer 

Driving 250 miles in a rattletrap Ford Ranchero on its 
last Goodyears just to see a concert is a case of flagrant 
extremism in the pursuit of music. For devotees 01 Neil 
Young, howe ver, such herioc exploits are commonplace. 
A genuine cult figure , Neil Young is one 01 the few per-
formers around who inspires this wide-ranging degree 01 
lanaticism. 

At any rate, armed with two semi-precious tickets (the 
concert, at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion 01 the Los 
Angeles Music Center, was sold out within two hours of 

the advance box olfice'. opening). we Bet out from Del 
Mar on Feb. 1 (the "we" in this caBe Is not editorial. but 
re/er; to mYBell. my Iriend Terri. and the aloremen-
tioned Ranchero), heading lor the open Jreeway. After a 
minor mishap or two Involving a rapidly expiring 
Btarter we lumbered into 'ight of the Pavilion, home 
baBe f~r Zubin Mehta and the Philharmonics not-)IOur 
typical-work-rocll concert hall. Flanlled by fiery foun-
tain, and imposing statuary. the regal ,tructure (edifice 
rex) exudes capital "C" cultu'" with a vengeance. 

Center Exudes Opulence 
Inside, a stronger dOBe of opulence. PaBt the ushers 

swathed in ,omewhat bizarre Civil War/ Emperor 
Maximilian ' regalia, there are myriads of mirrors. 
reflecting running water. tiles, and maBSive chandeliers. 
Plush gold balcony Beat •• In the Founder's Circle, of all 
places, with an excellent view of the rich purple-
.potlighted stage. 

The audience Is still.traggling In; the uBual collection 
01 moderately .croungy L.A. rocklans. with a heavy 
'prinllling oLshort-halred. Bideburnished high schoolers. 
They 10011 out of place here-Santa Monica Civic 
material; almo.t no one dressed even colorfully (least 01 
all my.el/; I should've anticipated this splendor and 
spiffed up accordingly) . The high school kids in bacll of 
us discuss how heavy Savoy Brown and Mountain were 
last year, while a middle-aged housewife (presumably 
chaperoning her son-or-daughter and date) takes a seat 
in front of me. . 

The thought oJ Ramblin' Jack Elliot (opening the 
program). easily the most relaxed, mellowed-out . .. well, 
loose performer around, playing amid these hyperplush 
surroundings is something of a boggier-particularly 
before an audience like this : probably 85 per cent never 
having heard of him. But he wins them over effortles~ly, 
with a series of indescribably disjointed but amusing 
anecdotes and a mixed bag 01 Woody Guthrie, blues, and 
modern folk stylings. He gets an encore, in fact . He 's 
good, but in/initely better suited to a more informal club 
setting, and he knows it. 

,Paper Planes Punctuate Pause 
A IS-minute or so intermission is next, marked by a 

titanic paper airplane carnival-everyone tears up the 
glossy official Music Center program guide and fashions 
simple craft to toss off the balconies; a few sail in-
credible distances . Ovations greet the most spectacular 
!lights; Terri gets a nice hand for a uniquely-constucted 
plane that covers hall the distance to the goal line (the 
stage). Even the middle-aged lady throws one. It's a nice 
break; ought to be instituted for symphony intermissions 
too. 

POSSIBILITIES 
Donee Concert 
at S.D. State 

Dancer Dena Madole, who 
received her training with New 
York City's Erick Hawkins. will 
perform a solo concert at San 
Diego State, Thursday. Feb. 11. 

Her concert will begin at 8:00 
p.m. in the Dramatic Arts 
Theater, under the sponsorship 
of the Associated Students. 

Miss Madole will direct 
master dance workshops Feb. 8-
12, through San Diego State 
Extension. 

Fat the past two years she 
has ~~ artist-in-residence at 
Rand?lph-Macon Woman's 
Collet.e in Lynchburg, Va. She 
has tEught at the Aspen Theatre 
InstitJte in Aspen, Colorado; 

Univ~r.ity of WisconSin. 
Madi:~ ; and at the high school 
level in St. Louis, Mo. 

HH work has received a 
Ford ~oundation Hwnanities 

Gran ~ I¥ld a Wisconsin Alwnna 
Research Fund Grant through 
the l inlversity of Wisconsin. 

MUs Madole received her 
early dance training from 
Georgia Lee Clarke in 
Oklahoma City, Olda; Margaret 
H'Ooubler and Louise Kloepper 
at the University of WiJconsin; 
and, with Mary Wignwl in 
Berlin, Germany. 

Critic Don McConagh of Tbe 
New Yorl TImes termed her 

work "~uperbly disciplined, 
with a stop-watch sense of 
timing." 

Utah Repertory 
Dance Theatre 
in Residence 

Repertory Dance Theatre. the 
professional modern dance 
company in residence at the 
University of Utah. will per-
form five dances from their 
repertoire Thursday, Feb. 11. in 
the UCSD Gymnasiwn. 

The performance, sponsored 
by the Campus 'Programming 
Board, is scheduled for 8:30 
p.m. Unreserved seating is $2 
for general admission and $1 for 
UCSD students with ID cards. 
Tickets are available at the 
I1rey Hall box office. 

The UQlIJ engagement is 
part of a six-week, 5,OOO-mile 
tour of the western United 
States that takes the company 
to 12 different communities. 
During the tour the company 
will take part in minio(Oncerts. 
full concerts, lecture demon-
strations, master classes and 
seminars. They will be in 
residence on the UCSD campus 
for three days. 

For the Thursday appearance 
at UCSD. the company will 
perform "Concerto Grosso in D 
Minor," choreographed by Jose 

Pa,1 6 Triton Times Flbruary 9, 1971 

Limon with music by Antonio 
Vivaldi ; " Interim ," 
choreographed by Bill Evans 
with music by Henle Badings; 
"Five Dances," created and 
choreographed by Joan Moon, a 
member of the company, with 
music by Johann Pezel; 
"Castor and Pollux." 
choreographed by Elizabeth 
Waters with music by Harry 
Partch. UCSD Professor of 
Music in Residence ; and "Fatal 
Birds," choreographed by Paul 
Sanasardo with music by 
Alberto Ginastera. 

Founded at the University of 
Utah five years ago, Repertory 
Dance Theatre (ROT) is the 
only fully professional modem 
dance company in permenent 
residence at a university. The 
original idea for ROT was 
formulated in 1965 by Virginia 
Tann!lr, tbe Rockefeller 
Foundation and the University 
of Utah. In 1966 through a grant 
from the Foundation, the 
company became a reality. 

Listing over 40 works by 
more than 20 choreographers, 
the repertoire ranges from the 
classics of modem dance to the 
most avant-garde ex-
perimentation. It is the Intent 
and purpoae of ROT to act as a 
performing gallery and 
musewn of ClaaalCi of the 
dance 81 well as contemporary 
trends. 

Luigi Russolo 
and the Futurist 

IntonarlJmori 
"Luigi Russolo and the 

Futurist Intonarwnori" will be 
the subject of a lecture by John 
Grimes of the University of 
California, San Diego Depart-
ment of Music, Tuesday. Feb. 9. 
at noon. 

The " Intonarumorl," or 
noise-instruments, were 
designed by Russolo when he 
was involved in the Futurist 
Movement in Italy between 1909 
and 1921. 

The seminar, which is free 
and open to the public, will be 
held In the Recital Hall, 
Building 409. on the Matthews 
Campus. 

Grimes, who will receive his 
M.A. this June from UCSD, baa 
recently acquired four patent 
descriptions of these previously 
little-known designs of the 
Intonarwnori. He will show 
scale drawings of the In-
tonanunori. as described by 
the patents, and slides of the 
actual Instruments. 

The lecture will aiIo touch 
upon the work of two other 
Italian Futurist musicians, 
PrateUa and Piatti. 

Finally. after two pitel" are •• t In th.lr ltancU and 
apolo,i.s or. r.nd.r.d Jor the d.lay. N.iI Youn, woo.. 
out, r •• pl.nd.nt in a ,r •• n-ch.clt.d flann.1 .hlrt and 
brown cord. (.upplanting the traditional j.an.). Th. 
crowd Is his from the Initial ,limp", and he " .Imply 
brilliant. For th" tour. h.ls appearin, completely alone 
(minUB the on-again. oU-a,ain bacltlng 01 Cra~ Ho"., a 
fine bond In th.lr own right), .huttlin, baclt'Gnd lorth 
between acoustic guitelr and plano. 

Talt.tuln .... Re.traint Prevail 
His instrumental werlt is the .pitome 01 ta.teJul,.. .. 

and restraint; ev.ry rll/ and flourish lit., •• ms JUBt 
right-providing a .urprlsingly rich bacltdrop lor hit 
haunting, throbbing voca", hovering hi,h above the 
typ leal rna Ie ra nge and In vetting the 10 \Ie Iy 10",' with an 
eeray compelling and memorable quality. 

"On The Way Home" from Springfield day.; "Tell Me 
Why" and "Don't Let It Bring You Down" lrom "Alter 
TheGoIdrush"; "Cowgirl In The Sand"lrom'Everybody 
knows This Is Nowhere"(but marltedly dl/lerent in the 
(except setting. with occa.ional "Southern Man" rl//. 
thrown in); "Ohio," the superb. controve~.lal Crotby. 
Stills. Nash Ie Young .Ingle; "Sugar Mountain. II the 
little-known except to Young cultists. who are legion 
here) flip .Ide 01 "Cinnamon Girl;" and a hal/-dozen or 
more new song. blow of! the .tage. The new material " 
uniformly masterful, performed lor the mo.t part at the 
piano. and much of it dwelling on the themea of lonellnesll 
and love (in common with a great deal oJ his previous 
worll). 

One song. however. mourns the coloBBal wa.te 01 lives 
and artistic talent brought about by heroin addictlan; It 
ill a powerful. compel/i", .tatement. "After The 
Goldrush" was a prime candidate lor beat album of J910 
by my reckoni", (battling it out in the finals with Cat 
Stevens' "Tea For The Tillerman"); with materiallilte 
the new so", •• Nea Young's new, lairlY-BOon-to-be-re-
leased (hopefully) album shQuld cop the honors for '11. 

Sing Along',flth Sugar Mountain 
"Sugar Mountain" Is turned into a sing-along. with 

Neil humorously cajoling the typically reluctant 
audience to sing it loud (telling them all the lI,ht. are 
out. so no one will know who's .inging. and besides 
"everyone's loolling at me") . and interjecting a funny bit 
concerning the purported lameness 01 one of the .ong·s 
verses, which he sings anyway. Everyone is immenaely 
pleased with themselves after this one. 

More excellent new songs follow. then Nell ambles 
offstage, only to be called back by one 01 the more 
clamorous ovation. in recent memory. He encorea qith 
"I Am A Child, II a poignant cut from Buffalo 
Springfield's "Last Time Around. II and then a short. 
bouncy new selection possibly titled "Dance Dance 
Dance." A thunderoWl five-minute ovation follows this 
one, but it's over, Neil comes back once more to tolte a 
bow. then splits. A triumphant. braliant tour de lorce 
throughout. It ·s his 24th co,!cE!rt in 27 days. and the tour's 
finally over. 

On the way back to Del Mar. conversation about the 
show is somewhat constrained; the Indefinable magic of 
the performance is basically untranslatable into the 
verbal medium. But the songs replay themselves in our 
heads the whole way home. and J20 maes Isn 't really 
very for at all. 

ORLD 

On Saturday, April 3 the UCSD 
Recreation Dept. will rent the entire Sea 
World Facility for the entertainment of the 
UCSD comollDlity. 

Proposition S.W. was presented to a 
group of students by Jay Wilson, Sea 
World's Special Events Director. It con-
sisted of renting the facility for the use of 
the UCSD community for four hours. 
Being apprehensive about how a huge 
aquarium would go over, the five students, 
comprising the UCSo.sea World coor-
dinating committee, decided to take the 
Grand Tour. 

SHAMU. the 4,000 pound killer whale. 
gave Karen a great big KISS. SHAMU 
became especially attracted to Betty 
because she provided his lWlCh. Not Betty, 
but the fish she held to entice SHAMU to 
come out of the water. The students' 
hearts went out to Sea World. The clincher 
came when Bob and Jannett affectionately 

uelD 

sec Wins 68-59 

IGHT 
Records Fall 
As Tritons 

Drown 
U(SD ·Sunk· by Hot Vanguards Twelve school and pool records were rewritten at the 

recent swim meet between the 
SIll Diego State JV and UCSD. 
State set four new pool records 
as they won the match 56 to 43. 
UCSD won only two events. the 
200-yard individual medley and 
the 400.yard freestyle relay. 

Mike Roth 
Sporfs Writer 

The Vanguards of Southern California College ~eated the Tritons, 68 to 59. for the second time 
this year last SatlU'day night at UCSD. The 
froVanguards, who shot an incredible 55 per cent m the floor. outdistanced the Tritons in the 

• ""nntt half, although the lead changed hands 
leveral times throughout the game. 
Early in the game the tritons set up a lD-point 

lead onfy to lose it by the end of the first half sec 
33, UCSD 30. The score was held down by the 

. ... SICII~IllJ'Il! defensive play of both teams. in 
the performances of the Tritons' Scott 

and the Vanguards' Ted Harper. Scott 
was assigned the unenviable task of 
. ~uarrlino sec's star center David Payne and 

effective enough to hold Payne to one Point 
~ small number of defensive reboWlds for 

ft."st fifteen minutes. Payne scored a total of 
~lIlts for the game, far below the 39 he hit in 
first clash between sec and UCSD. At the 

time Ted Harper held high scoring Triton 
~rArtl Brian Todd to only 11 points, one of his 

scores of the year. 
through the second half the Tritons 
•~tiVI! way to a 3-point lead. utilizing an full court press. With 6.11 remaining, 

on top of the 54-SO score. but hit a cold 
fen IHIck by two points In a minute and 

With only two minutes left In the game. 

the Tritons were behind by three points, but still 
sruggling. Thirty seconds later sec iced the 
game when UCSD freshman Steve Hoch was 
called for charging. 

Then the referee ruled Hoch's extended middle 
digit a "flagrant" technical and awarded the 
Vanguards three free throws for both violations. 
The Vanguards' guard, Jerry Rinker , calmly 
connected on all three, putting sec out of reach, 
while Hoch took his place on the bench. 'Ille 
game ended with the score SCC 68, UCSD 59. Jon 
Lelevier led UeSD with 12 points, while Ted 
Harper and Jerry Rinker led sec with 21 each. 

The Junior Varsity extended their losing 
streak to foW' games over the weekend. losing to 
Cal Poly San Luis Obispo Friday night, and to the 
Southern California College JV team in the 
preliminary game Saturday. The score of the 
first game was Cal Poly SLQ 68, UCSD 40. The 
loss may best be explained by the Tritons ' frigid 
shooting from the field- 24 per cent. The second 
game was considerably closer, but the result was 
essentially the same, another loss: sec 52 
UCSD SO. ' 

T?m Bruice again led UCSD in both games, 13 
agalllst Cal Poly and 14 against sec. Cal Poly 
was led by their forward , Parker, who connected 
fo~ 23. High man for the Vanguards was Waldsip, 
WIth a total of 14. 
·UCSD: Hoch 7; Todd 11; Wilson 10; D. Wright 

9; Lelevier 12; S. Wright 4; CarHsie 6; total, 59. 
sec: Harper 21; Payne 19; Rinker 21; Hoff-

man 4; Miller 1; Hearron 2; total 68. 

If anyone individual stood out 
fer the Tritons, it would be Bob 
SkeUey. SkeUey broke the pool 
record for the 100 yard 
backstroke on the initial leg of 
the 'kIOyard medley relay with a 

~e ~f 1 :02.6, significantly 
unprovmg the old mark oC 
1 :04.8. His winning effort of 
2:13.1 in the 200-yard individual 
medley was good for another 
pool record. Swimming in his 
third race of the day, the 100 
yard freestyle, he cut .2 seconds 
off teammate Bob Siefert 's old 
school mark with a clocking of 
53.1 . 

Both Triton relay teams set 
new school records. The 400-
yard medley relay team of 
Skelley, Troxen. Marsh, and 
Wiens posted a time of 4:06.0 
IIId the 400 yard freestyle team 
of &nith, Stillinger. Reimer, 
and Marsh splashed home with 
a Winning time of 3: 41.4. Jim 
Wiens set a new mark in the 200 

fed a 3 month old "baby" walrus. Three 
hWldred pounds of bounCing, baby walrus. 

The UCSD NIGHT AT SEA WORLD is 
open to all students, faculty, and staff of 
UCSD. The cost will be $2.SO per person 
which is really a bargain. The usual cost is 
$3.SO just to get in. but the Recreation 

~pt. will provide much more. All exhibits 
will be open from 8:00 P.M. with shows 
arranged SO that a person can see all of 
them plus FREE transportation for 
students down and back plus a special 
Treasure HWlt for everyone with great 
surprises plus FREE rides on the PSA sky 
tower and sky ride plus FREE parking for 
cars. 

Be watching for further information 
concerning other special SURPRISES and 
ticket sales. For further information 
contact Bert in the Recreation Dept.. ex. 
2282 or 2283. 

Jannett Klinke 

yard freestyle. His time of 
1 :58.2 bettered the old school 
record by 4.2 seconds. Fresh-
man Barry Smith, whose third 
place finish of 2: 02. 7 was just .1 
second off the old record, will 
have three years to assault 
Wien's mark. 

Another freshman couldn't 
wait for his record plaque. Mike 
Marsh trhnmed 2.5 seconds off 
the school mark in the 200-yard 
butterfiy with a time of 2: 21.0. 
Tom Anderson, also a freshman 
and the Jl'esent school record 
holder in the 200 yard breast-
stroke, bettered his old mark by 

.3 seconds with a clocking of 
2:33.9. 

The loss of senior Bob Siefert 
may have been a big factor in 
the meet. Siefert usually swims 
the freestyle sprints but injured 
his be.els on the pool edge during 
pr~ctice. This is a big disap-
pollltment to Coach Russ Hatch 
who was expecting at least o~ 
new record from Bob. 

The swim team is now 1 and 3 
for the season, having beaten 
Cal Tech and lost to Riverside 
Irvine , and State. The next 
home meet will be March 5 
against Riverside. 

Fencers Second at A II Cal 
"G~eat, just great !" This was fencing coach Jim White's 

reaction. to UCSD's performance in the All-Cal Tournament held 
here frIday and Saturday. The Triton fencers took an unex-
pect:d second place to the powerful team from UCLA in com-
petitIon amongst all eight Cal teams. This far exceeded last 
year:s All-cal ranking for the Tritons, a distant fourth. 

l'!ld~y ~orning began with individual epee competition in 
whICh JunIor Howard Eno placed sixth overall. The UCSD epee 
team, however, took home third place honors. In individual 
competition Friday night sabrem8i\ Richard Sax missed being 
the .All~ champ by one bout and received third place on the 
baSIS of hiS touch record. His teammate Stan Strauss nailed 
down sixth place. and in team competition the sabremen were 
second only to UCL4 •. 

Three hundred screaming high school girls were among the 
fans who watched Miss Hillery .. f t,'C,jD wiulil Ult Ail-uu 
women:s foil championship. Susan and her teammates Teri 

~eschllli, who began the All-Cal with seven straight wins, and 
Diane Naske. placed ~nd in team rankings. 
.'On SatW'day the men's foil competition saw Mike Jones with 

fifth place among the 32 competitors in this area. Jones' team 
efforts, however, when coupled with those of Darryl DeVinney 
and Stan Robinson, resulted in first place with an unblemished 
~ team record. The West Coast power team from UCLA took 
first overall, with 90 points to UCSD's 70. 

Triton Times FebrulrY 9, 1971 Pigi 7 



TUESDAY, 
February 9 

LECTURES-noon, Recital Hall , 
409 Matthews ; John Grimes, Luigi 
Russolo and the Futuri st , 
" Intonarumori, " 

4:30 p.m., Lieb Amphitheatre ; 
Dr. George F. Cahill , Harvard 
Medical School , "Body Fuels." 

8:30 p.m., Revelle cafeteria ; 
Richard Ne y, investment 
counselor and author of TIle Wall 
Street JUllle, "Through the Wall 
Street Jungle with Gun and 
Camera." Free. Open to the public. 
FILMS- noon, USB 2622 : "Laser 
Light. " 
SPORTS-intramural sign-ups for 
badminton, table tennis, tennis. 
WRITING WORK$HOP-4 p.m., 
3060 USB ; ponsored by North 
Shore Adult School and open to 
anyone over 16. Continuous every 
Tuesday and Wednesday through 
March 24. Free. 

WEDNESDAY, 
February 10 

LECTURES-7:30 p.m., Council 
Chamber of the Aztec Center, 
SDSC , Dr. Orient Lee " Yin and 
Yang, Their Interplay in the 
Proces of Changes." Free. 
Refreshments provided 
MEETINGS-2:30 pm.. Revelle 
informal lounge : di cu sion of 
cases for tho e filing for 
conscientious objector tatu or 
considering to do so. 
SPORTS-7 p.mHL Experimental 
Room : newcomers night for UCSD 
sailing club. Questions about club 

and faCilities answered. 
wrestling- 7:3O p.m.; UCSD vs. 

USIU at USIU. 

Intramural sign-ups, Badminton, 
Tennis, and Table Tennis 
SPECIAL EVENTS-5 p.m. 
University Lutheran Church, 
dinner. everyone welcome, Cost: 
25 cents 

8 p.m., 304 Matthews Campus, 
instruction in Scandinavian 
dancing. Cost : 25 cents 

MOVIES-Feb. 10-16 
"Carry in On" about the draft, 
Joan Baez and RICHARD Harris: 
also Brian dePalma 's " High Mom" 
at the Unicorn THEATER 

THURSDAY, 
February 11 

LECTURES-12 noon-I p.m., 
Sumner Auditorium. SIO. "A Trip 
to the Orient-Expo 70. etc." by 
June Doyle, SIC (illu trated by 
color slides) 

4-6 p.m., Recital Hall . Bldg. 409, 
MC. Seminar on Renaissan e Court 
Dances 

MUSIC-Room 2250. Humanities 
Bldg. Muir, concert by pianist Yuji 
Takaha hi , pieces by Mumma and 
Ruth Crawford 

POETRY-3 p.m . Rm. 100. Social 
Sciences Bldg., San Diego Sta te, 
reading by Theodore Weiss, author 
of "The World Before s: Poems. 
1950-70" Free 
MEETI GS-7:30 p.m .. Di covery 
Hall Lounge. student-facu lty 
di scus ion with Dr. Robert Void 

Send your lovebundle 
our 'LoveBundle~T M 

"And she'll be bitten by 
the LoveBug. That's me." 

Usually available $12 50' 
for less than • 

What better word than "Love"? 
What better way to say it than with the 

"Love Bundle"? 
A special Valentine's bouquet, with a lift-out 

LoveBug corsage to wear on Valentine's Day. 
Order it to arrive early. Because it's designed to 

stretch Valentine's Day into a whole week. 
Why squeeze your love into one day? 
AvaiJable only at an ITO florist. At a special price. 

Se the FTD "LoveBundle" for Valentine's week. 
' As an, independent buslOessman. each flO Member Florist sets his 
ow, prices. 

These a re your local FTO Florists 

La Jolla Flower Shop 
701 Pearl 
459-2903 

Casa de Flores 
7868 Girard Ave. 

459-3281 

Page 8 Triton Times February 9, 1971 

SPORTS- 4 p.m.. Intramural 
Office . Captain ' s meeting , 
volleyball , badminton . Table 
Tennis and Tennis 

OPEN HOUSE-6:3O p.m .. Lincoln 
High School , 150 South 49th Street. 
San Diego; sponsored by The 
Computer Jobs Through Training 
Program. for more information 
call 453-2000 ext. 2673 

STRIKE CARAVAN-a . table will 
be set up on Revelle Plaza to 
collect food . script, and money for 
a food caravan going to Imperial 
Valley to help striking farm-
workers and their familie s. 
Caravan will be the weekend of 
Feb. 12-15, Anyone interested 
should inquire at the table 

FRIDAY, 
February 12 

LECTURES-l:l5 p.m.. Lieb 
Amphi theater : Dr. Walter P. 
Dyck, Dr. William S. Haubrick. Dr. 
Lee Monroe. "The Exocrine 
Pancreas: Control and Clinical 
Correia lion. " 

SPORTS- basketbal l, 8 p.m., 
CSD vs Westmont. here 
8 p.m .. old Cluster I Library, MC, 

instruction in folk dancing. 9: 30 
pm., general dancing Cost : 25 
cents. 

MOVIES-7:30 p.m . (first how ) 
USB 2722, Friday Nite Flicks. 
" World Without Sun". " I'm All 
Right Jack" 

I TER ATIONAL CLUB-7:30 
p.m., Revelle Informal Lounge, 

igerian ight. 

OPEN HOUSE- 6:30 p.m .. Lincoln 
HighSchool ; 150 South 49th St. . San 
Diego. sponsored by the Computer 
Jobs Through Training Program, 
for more information call 453-2000 
ext 2673 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

ANNOUNCEMENTS-Watch 
found 2/4, on Muir Campus, Call 
755-7921 ask for Paulette 

Found- Scottish Terrier type 
dog, owner call 453-8557 

Send letters 
and columns to 

Editorial Director; 
TRITON TIMES 
117 Blake Hall 

UCSD 

That's how many times PSA Sacramento , and San Jose. 
connects San Diego with Los With lowest ai r fares. Meet 

Angeles. Hollywood- .... your campus rep 
Burbank. Ontario . halfway. Or your 

Long BeaCh. Oak- travel agent. Or PSA. 
land. San FranciSCO, PSARvesW'll..l awe ,-

PAM BI NKERD / 488-1393 

PACIFIC HONDA w..,aheacl 
and .rl 810M. 

Pacific Honda-1277 Garnet 
272-5511 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Perlonal, 

ROOMMATE WANTED 
Students with bouse In Del Mar 
have room for 1 female. Rent 
$85. All necessiUes provided. 
Call 7550:3990 evenings. 

EARN EXTRA MONEY 
Full or Pert-Time Employment 
at Any Age In a udin Industry. 
Thorough Training Furnlshed-
for more Infor .... tlon or Inter-
view Cell: 214-7100 

~urope Cherten. Severe I 
schedules nalleble. Coor-
dinator: Professor Mergaret 
Peal. 247 Roycroft, long Beech, 
tOI03. 213-431-2179 

Europe curters. 50 Deper-
tures, also from N_ Y., Africa, 
India,- Isr .. 1. 60% Off. Free 
info: EASC, 323 N. Beverly Dr., 
Beverly Hills, Calif., 90210_ 
Phone: (213) 276-6293 

Need a good home for a lovable 
miniature poodle AKC 454-4383 

LITTLE C's PIZZA TREAT 
453-6455 

Large or X-Large pina. This ad 
worth 50C off (good thru 21 11) 

Students interested in being in a 
Psych experiment 2/ 8-2/ 9-
21 10 from 2-4 p.m. in lower 
Blake Lounge. Will take only 5 
min. of your time-possibility of 
pay for leter experimentation. 

Services 
ryping-for accurate Typing on 
electric pica-term papers, 
theses, manuscripts etc. ca II 
Mrs. McCroskey 287-1607 

DISTlNTlVE TYPING 
: IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the end 
. pr~uct. Helen 459-8888 

Income Tax, Federal and State 
Returns Preparations Discount 
for Students, Staff, and Faculty 
Call: 453-7708 

Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 
Try James Automotive Service 
American and Foreign Cers 
Repairs and Polutlon control. 
Student Discount 7741 Hlrschel 
la Jolla (In the relr) 459-9111 

STARTS 
FRIDAY 

Typing •.• Experienced 
Iyplst. .. term pepen, theses. 
Electric typewriter. Will do 
rush lobs. 45J..a35. 
Europe Cherter Flights. 
Several Schedules round trip or 
OM-way. From West Coast to 
London, Amsterdam, Fra". 
fort, Coordinator: Professor 
Merga,.t Peel 247 Roycroft 
Ave. Long .... ch,...3 ...... 31-
2179. 

$269 RT lA to Europe 61 16 to 
91 15 or 61 30 to " • 
urge Savings on cars and 
charter flights to Israel, 
Greece, other countries. 
Prof. Bentler UC. (213) 2'77.o7nO 
c/ 0 Sierra Travel of Beverly 
Hills 9875 Santa Monica Blvd., 
Los Angeles, 90212 

For Sale 
'67 VW. Excellent runn 
condition. S1050., or best 
Call 453-1704. Chris. 

'70 VW camper. $3,200. 3500 
miles '71 IicenH peid Cell 756-
2138 Evenings. 

Mr. Holland 

FOR SALE: GUITAR 12 string 
Yamahe with case $90, 454-2270 
uk for Steve 

C.OSMETICS_ For 9-25( Sam· 
pies of Randal non-allergic 
Cosmetics, (made from fruits, 
herbs, ferns, flowers, etc. and 
no harmful chemicalsl 
onlyS1.00 TO Randall 
P.O. Box 2019, La Jolla, 
State of skin is dry, normal, 
combination. 

A BEITER BED! King size 
water bed, $55.80. Tbe Water 
Hole, 4Z82 El Cajon Blvd. 280-
%611 . 

SKIERS 
Almost BRAND NEW" 
Pros" 1-11 2 M. Will Sell 11 
price. CAll: 755-3990. 

IS 
SUPERB! 

..... --y~. 

.. ...-Y ... . 
;., . , IT •• , ... ..... 

. . , ..... ' ',::IUII tw. "IIIIUlum-. 
'. '. \ .. :'J':? . ) \4~ • au 

.. '. . .• -.1!:. ~ - Vincent CIII",. N. Y. Timtl 
." . . ". ~"l A fa. .. , lUIS BUNUEL 

"-",, 

CATHERINE DENEUYE 
fRANCO nEI"". 


