
'4 

triton ·ti 
v ....... 14, N,""", 1 Ihtin,sIfy .f Ctliftntla, S., 01.,. rues_" Septemller 2., ,fT, 
Takes Over in February 

New Chancellor Selected 
FraDk Pbillips 

City Editor 
University of California 

Regents in' July appointed 
Dr. William McElroy as 
UCSD's Chanceilor . 
McElroy, 54, is currently 
director of the National 
Science Foundation. He will 
assume his duties in 
February. ~ 

The seiection of McElroy 
was the culmination of ' a 
year - and - a - half long 
search for a candidate 
acceptable to all segments 
of the UCSD academic 
community . Since Dr . 
William McGill resigned in 
January 1970 to become 
President of Columbia 
Unive rsity . a search 
committee is known to have 
considered many persons. 
a 11 of whom were 
unacceptable to some 
segment of the academic 
community or the Regents. 

Previously at N F, John 
Hopkins 

McElroy comes to UCSD 
with distin~uished scientific 
credentials. Appointed by 
President Nixon as Director 
of the National Science 
Foundatio n in 1969 . 
McElroy had for many 
years t>een associated with 
the Biology Department at 
Johns Hopkins University in 
Baltimore. since 1956 as its 
head. 

Born Jan. 22. 1917 in 
Rogers. Texas. McElroy 
attended Pasadena Junior 
College and received his 
B. A. from Stanford 
University in 1939. In 1941 he 
received his M.A. from 
Reed College in Portland. 
and his doctorate from 
Princeton in 1943. His area 
of specialization has· been 
bacterial mutations and 
biochemical genetics. 

McElrov. who describes 
himself as apolitical. served 
from 1958-68 on the 
Baltimore Board of School 
Commissioners and for a 
yea r until his NSF 
appointment as Chairman of 
the Board of Trustees of 
Baltimore Communitv 
College. . 

Under McElrov the 
National Science 
Foundation has seen its 
annual funding increase 
from $200 million to $700 
million. According to press 
reports this has been largely 
credited to his "policital 
savvy. " 

In an in terview with 
TRITON TIMES 
Washinllton correspondent 
Roger Showlev. Dr . 
McElroy commentect on the 
two "rules" of 
administration which he 
credited for his succe 5 at 

NSF. His first rule is to 
delegate authority . 
According to McElroy " you 
have to know how to 
administrate, then get good 

peopl~ around you and turn 
them loose . Once you can 
get along with the' faculty 
you 're free to go play golf 
and swjm in the Pacific ." 

Relationship Important 

McElroy said that he sees 
the second important 
element in administering 
the University as 
" developing good ' human 
relationships." According to 
the new Chancellor . " In 
working with the UC 
Regents you can get along 

much better if you are 
sincere. express ' yourself 
clearly. and have a pro~ram 
well thought out. '· As far as 
relations with the 
surrounding community are 
concerned. McElroy 
observes that '· the 
University has problems 
and needs help. and so does 
the community . Most 
citizens don 't realize how 
they can insert themselves 
into the campus because 
they think it is 
presumptuous. Similarly. 
we in the academic 
community can help 
develop transportation 
systems and long-range 
plans." 

McElroy said he believes 
there is a limit to the 
amount of influence the 
community should have in 
University affairs. At a 
press conference last week 
during a visit to San Diego 
the new Chancellor was 
asked how much of a say 
persons ou tside the 
University should have in 
the day - to - day operations 
of UCSD. McElroy 's answer 
was "absolutely none. " He 
elaborated that the 
"Regents have authority 
over the campus" and that 
"officials on the campus 
have no obligation to 
persons outside . the 
University in making policy 
decisions. " 

Nix on Classified Re earch 

At his press conference 
McElroy told reporters that 
he is opposed to "any type of 
classified research at the 
University." He defended 
the right ' of researchers to 
accept funds from the 
Department of Defense as 
long as it is not for 
classified work . 

In response to a query 
concerning the " liberal" 
atmosphere at UCSD . 
McElroy vowed that he 
would not bend to any 
pressures from 
conservatives to stifle the 
discussion of "any point of 
view on the campus." 

"Mac" McElroy is the Fourth 
Roger Sbowley 

Washington Correspondent 

(Editor 's Note: Roger Showley graduated from UCSD in 1970. 
He was news editor of the TRITON TIMES for two years before 
graduating. Show ley is now director of a college news service for 
the Republican National Committee in Washington. He is an 
occasional contributor to the TRITON TIMES. ) 

Dr. William David McElroy will be UCSD's fourth 
chancellor since the campus opened as a full University of 
California branch 10 years ago. He is the first to be 
appointed chancellor by the Regents without serving on an 
interim basis. 

Ten years ago. when Scripps Institution of Oceanography 
was joined by the College of Science and Technology for 
~raduate study (later Revelle College in 1964)' Dr. Herbert 
York took over temporarily as chancellor. He was finaJly 
inaujlurated as chancellor. but he served undergraduates 
for only four months when UCSD began full operations 
three years later. A heart attack forced him to resign in 
December 1964. a quarter into the original Class of 1968's 
freshman vear. 

Dr. John S. Galbraith . now back at UCLA's Department 
of History. took over on an acting basis. He had only been 
on campus six months. serving as vice~hancellor of 
academic affairs. He did not intend on keeping his 
chancellor post. but he (jnaJly was persuaded to stay. Then 
he got a prestigious fellowship to do research in Britain. he 
left in Jul~' 1968 along with the campus' first class 
graduates. 

Dr. William J. McGill. then Chairman of the Academic 
Senate. a_reed to take over for one year until a 
replacement could be found . He had been at UCSD's 
Department of Psycholol{Y for three years. and had served 
as department chairman. and did not mind doing a little 
administration temporarily. But the job «ot the better of 

him ana he was inaugurated in May 1969. close on the heels 
of People's Park. Third College and a squabble over the 
hiring of Dr . Herbert Marcuse. 

McGill 's success ironically led to his hiring by Columbia 
University in February 1970. leaving UCSD leaderless once 
again that summer. 

McElroy. known to his friends as Bill or Mac. will not 
take office until next February. making the interim period 
between chanceJlors the lonjlest in UC history - 18 month . 
In that time. York has handled the chanceJlor 's 
responsibilities for the second time around . And Revelle 
Provost Paul Saltman has filled in as acting chancellor this 
sumriler while York was abroad. 

UCSD's chanceJlors have aJl been scientists except 
Galbraith : York was in physics. Galbraith in history. 
McGill in psychology. and McElroy in biology. 

At 55 years of age when he takes over (birthday : Jan . 22 ). 
McElroy will also be the oldest upon taking office. York 
was 40 in 1961. Galbraith 48 in 1964. and McGill was 46 in 
1968. 

On the other hand. he is the most prestigious chanceJlor 
yet. He is or has been a member of 15 professional 
organizations. on the board or editor of six publications. 
and trustee or member of 23 other academic or 
governmental bodies. While his successors have gone to 
greater things after chanceJlorship. he is shifting gears 
after reaching the apex of his career : director of the 
National Science Foundation. York became science adviser 
to President Kennedy. Galbraith received the prestigious 
Smuts Fellowship to study British Empire history in 
London and later Rhodesia . and McGill became president 
of Columbia . 

As for birthplace. York is from Rochester . N.Y .. 
Galbraith from Glasgow. Scotland. McGill from New York 
City. and McElro\' from Rogers: Texas. 

McElroy said that in order 
for the University to remain 
viable " the free and open 
discussion of any opinion or 
point of view has to be 
permitted and encouraged." 

McElroy 's selection as 
Chancello'r was generally 
hailed . His prestigious 
scientific credentials will 
most certainly be an asset 
for UCSD in the battle for 
funding . It appears that 
there was no opposition 
from the Regents . In 
announcing the unanimous 
appointment. Board 
Chairman William French 
Smith said .. All of us who 
are responsible for the 
operation of the niver ity 
feel most fortunate that Dr. 
McElroy will be taking over 
at San Diego. He is a fir t-
rate scientist and 
administrator and a warm 
and personable human 
being. and I am delighted to 
have him in the job ... 

Campu Re pon e Favorable 

Response from campus 
leaders was also favorable. 
There have been reports 
that some researcher at 
UCSD are concerned about 
McElroy's views on the 
proper role of 
undergraduate and graduate 
education . The new 
Chancellor has said that "a 
university can be great 
without graduate student . 
but it cannot remain great 
wi thout a strong 
undergraduate program." 
He emphasized that he 
favors a good graduate 

pro~ram but that it 
shouldn 't be run at the 
expense of undergraduate 
education. 
The concern of some 

researcher apparently is 
that McElroy might be 
willing to support cuts in the 
graduate program if the 
cuts would mean greater 
support for undergraduate 
studies. This feeling wa not 
opposition . but rather 
concern that McElroy 
understand the needs of 
graduate resear c h 
programs. 

The new ChanceJlor will 
remain in Washington until 
February in order to fulfill 
his commitments to the 
l\ational Science 
FlUndation. Until McElroy 
moves with his family to 
Sora Dit: . 01 . Hel Le t 
York will continue as Acting 
Chancellor. a f'O"t he has 
held since Dr. Mc" ilI 's 
resigna tion . 



· . 

Fee In( '80se Due Winter Quarter 
UCSD ltlldents will be paying 

an eara .. in fees for the 
Winter and Spring Quarters as 
a result of action taken by the 
Retents this summer. The 
temporary fee will be used for 
Educational Opportunity 
Program scbolarships. 

Last spring UCSD students 
were asked to vote themselves 
tbe same increase . Tbe 
proposition failed the first time 
it was presented for a vote to 
the undergraduate student 
body. A majority of students 
voting in a second election 
approved tbe measure. but it 
was thougbt to have not passed 
because A.S. President Mike 
"Heavy" Palcic said a campus 
rule required that 60 per cent of 
the student body must vote. 
Only 28 .5 per cent voted in the 
election despite a strong 
publicity campaign wbicb 
included free sandwicbes and 
puncb on t.be day of the vote. 

Vice - Chancellor George 
Murphy told the TRITON 
TIMES that Palcic was 
mistaken in announcing that 60 
per cent of the student body 
was required to vote in order 
for the election to be valid. 
Murphy said that Acting 

Chancellor Herbert York never 
put sucb a requirement on the 
increase measure. However, 
no public aMouncement 
refuting Palcic's claim w .. 
ever made. 

At their July meeting the 
Regents were told that at 
UCSD "funds for financial aid 
are markedly insufficient to 
meet the needs of financially 
disadvantaged students ." 
Informed that 72 per cent of the 
students voting in the fee 
increase election favored the 
measure, the Regents were 
also told that the campus 

- administration 
"enthusiastically endorsed" 
the temporary increase. 

The Regents adopted the 
increase for two quarters only. 
However, Murpby said there is 
still some doubt about wbetber 
the measure will take effect. 
The national wage - price 
freeze will bave expired by the 
time the increase takes effect, 
but there is a possibility that 
price stabilization measures 
taken by the Federal 
Government after the freeze 
may still prevent this type of 
increase. Nothing is definite at 
this time. 

Student Draft Deferments Gone 
On Tuesday, Sept. 21 , the 

Senate passed the new draft 
law by a vote of 55-30, after 
ending the debate wbich had 
caused a four-month delay by 
Invoking debate - limiting 
cloture. The new law, in 
addition to setting a limit on 
the number of inductions and 
permitting the President to pay 
bonuses to men who enlist in 
combat units, also authorized 
the President to stop 
undergraduate student 
deferments, beginning with 
students entering college this 
fall. Students who were 
deferred during the 1970-71 
academ ic year will remain 
deferred until they finish 
college, provided their 
academic work is satisfactory. 

The only question which 
remains. according to Lance 
Beizer , campus Selective 
Service coordinator, is what 
date Nixon will set as the cutoff 
date for deferments. Beizer 
said it was "very probable" 
that the cut off would be July I 
of this year, though it could be 

set earlier. 
The big factor in induction 

chances for students, then, is in 
their lottery numbers. The 
current non - official guess for 
this years' cutoff point is 140. 
For those born in 1952 and 
subject to next years' call, 
conditions seem to indicate 
that the cutoff will be lower. 
This is due to the fact that 
more people will be eligible for 
induction next year, as there 
will be no new student 
deferments, and there have 
been no recent fatherhood or 
occupation deferments. There 
is also a strong likelihood of 
less people being called. Beizer 
guessed that the cutoff point 
for next year would be in the 
vicinity of 120 and could 
possibly go as low as 100. 

What~er the numbers , 
newly - entering freshmen have 
no chance of receiving a 
student deferment, and if they 
have any questions or problems 
regarding the draft they should 
contact Lance Beizer, 250 MC, 
as soon as possible. 

page two 

TRITON TIMES caUaary expert Dave 8IIellblHer displays a 
cIIeese etlClItlada offered at tile ReveDe Cafeteria, 8IIelibiDder 
COIIId Ht fbld uy evidellCe of dIene ill this or uy otller 
_mber be eumilled. HoDy Holmes, wbere is lbe clleese! 
Walcll tile TRITON TIMES for flll'lller details of UCSD', 
Dew food service. 

Student Government Report 
Student Lobbyists Needed 

The Associated Students is operating a lobby office in 
Sacramento this year - the first of its kind anywhere in the 
nation . The lobby is intended to promote the interests of students 
statewide through opposing legislation which is repressive and 
supporting legislation which is favorable to students; the ~obby 
also intends to introduce bills which will result in benefits to 
students. 

You can work in the Sacramento office this fall and receive 
academic credit for it. Apply now at the A.S. office (bldg. 250. 
Matthews Campus ) or at the Information Center (lobby of Urey 
Hall ). 

Coast Cruiser Runs Again 
The A.S.-run Coast Cruiser bus service between Del Mar. Solana 

Beach, Cardiff. and UCSD will continue tlois year . The fare has 
en lowered to 15 cents for undergraduates and 20 cents for 

acuity and others to go from Del Mar to the camp~s . Solana 
Beach and Cardiff residents will have to pay 20 cents If they are 
ndergraduates and 25 cents if they are graduates o~ faculty 
embers. New for this year is a reduced fare pass. A hve-week 

ass for unlimited use of the bus costs $6 for undergraduates and 
for all others. Complete schedules will be published in Friday's 

RITON TIMES. 

WANTED: 
17 sexy stewardii 
8 automatic pilots 

to rent apartments at San Diego's 
most interesting new apartment club 
Saunas, pool , sandlot 
volleyball , billiards, 
conversation pit, 
wet bar, patios. 
1 & 2 BR's from $140 
Suncrest Drive &30th St. 
Phone 283-3949 

People Ask \\(onnie" to Stay 
From the 17th tbrouJb the 

21st of this mOllth military men 
and the residents of San Di. 
were ~ven an opportunity to 
"decide" wbetber or not the 
aircraft carrier Constellation 
Ibould return to Vietnam. Non-
Violent Action, wbicb 
organized the county - wide 
vote, said they realized that 
even a large vote 
overwhelmingly in favor of the 
Constellation 's staying bome 
would have no bearing on the 
decisions of the U.S. Navy. 
Rather, according to NVA, the 
hope was that the vote might 
"change the minds of a few 
more people in San Diego, 
convince a few more that tbe 
Vietnamese war is costly, 
foolish and should be ended 
noW." 
Nearly 55,000 people voted, 

among them 10 , 000 
servicemen. And of those 
voting, B5 per cent of the 
civilians and 73 per cent of the 
military men agreed that the 
Constellation should stay 
home. 

Joan Baez, in town for a 
concert to raise funds for the 
vote. pointed out in a press 
conference that the 

Conatellatlon was strictly an 
"instrument of death; Its 
salling would ultimately end 
the Uves of a great many 
people, Vietnamese and 
Americans among them. Thus 
our allowing the ship to sail 
without protest would make us 
accessory to the killing ... 

The Constellation, of course, 
will still sail as scheduled on 
this coming Friday morning. 
But she will have to thread ber 
way through what Non-Violent 
Action is calling tbeir Peace 
Armada, whicb will be waiting 
in the channel wben the carrier 
casts off ber lines. The Annada 
will culminate three days of 
vigils and rallies at the First 
Street Gate on North Islanil 
and the Fleet Landing at 
Broadway Pier. 

Non-Violent Action worker 
Matt Hinton said that anyone 
interested In helping out should 
call 234-5071, or visit Peace 
House I, 2143 Market Street in 
San Diego. According to Hinton 
anyone is welcome at the 
vigils ; and the Armada, which 
will assemble off the south tip 
of Shelter Island at 5: 30 Friday 
morning , will welcome 
anything that floats, surfboards 
and iMertubes included. 

Chinese Studies Major Offered 
UCSD students may now 

major in Chinese Studies. The 
faculty Committee on 
Educational Policy has 
approved an undergraduate 
program in this field whicb 
would incorporate courses in 
five existing departments or 
programs. In addition , the 
Linguistics Department will 
initiate courses in begiMing 
Cantonese this quarter with 
courses in advanced Cantonese 
and Mandarin expected in the 
future. 

According to the program 
proposal, the program will 
initially include nine existing 
courses on China as well as the 
new language programs. Other 
course offering s in 
anthropology, history , 
linguistics , literature , 
sociology, and third world 
studies will be added as the 
program grows. 
The proposal characterizes 

the major program as being 
" unusually flexible ," and 
indicates that anywhere 
between 14 and 17 upper -
division courses might be taken 
to complete a major . The 

'10m"",,, ,iyllt, you ,~, 
c.IeI slto_"., ke •• s, 0' 
,... Ito, music Ir.... ,.., 
S","? 
try our hea"'phones at 
fr01l1l prlelS! Koss 
Headphones 

from s19ts 
La Jolla Music 
1128 Wall St. 

459-3375 

flexibility will permit students 
to choose from a number of 
areas of concentration ranging 
from pre-modern Chinese 
society to the experiences of 
Chinese - Americans. 

Five subject areas are 
outlined for the major plan: 1) 
Chinese language training : 2) 
courses focusing on some 
major aspect of Cbinese 
civilization ; 3) courses outside 
this focus but acquainting the 
student with a broader 
perspective on Chinese 
civilization ; 4) courses in a 
non-Chinese discipline 
connected to the student's 
major focus ; and 5) a sequence 
of two seminars or independent 
studies courses in which the 
student carries out 2 project 
integrating the main features 
of his training. 

The program is headed by 
Dr. Benjamin K. T'sou of the 
Linguistics Department, who 
was responsible for its 
initiation. Fourteen Chinese 
Language courses have already 
been proposed for the next 
three years, including two 

(CODtillaed OD PI ell) 

Pago2 TritonTim., Tuesday, October 2., 1971 

'.-

J _". ..: .... 

The unique dining experience in La Jolla , featuring 

- a completely organic menu . 
- 16 kinds of salads, like you 've never nod 

before- eacn a meal unto itself . 
- fresn pressed juices 
- yogurt shakes 
- honey ice cream 

Buy I salad, and get I FREE accompanied with this ad 
(oH" ellpir .. Oct. 12) 

134 Klien Street, La Jolla 
Mon •• Sat. 9-3 

As you walk down Gilman 
Drive ' these days you can hear 
the exclamations ' and see the 
expressions of surprise on 
people's faces. Another several 
hundred square feet of San 
Diego desert dirt has been 
cultivated while students were 
away. 

Tiny sprigs of ivy are timidly 
crawling along Gilman Drive . 
A new lawn is rolling into view 
in front of the medical school. 
and the sometimes dust. 
sometimes mud mire in front 
of the bookstore will soon hold 
the rows of plants and bags of 
grass seed now temporarily 
crowded upon it. People walk 
slowly. enjoying the greenery. 
and few are so heartless as to 
walk through the new foliage as 
a short cut to a destination. 

But that's not all that's new. 
In case yOU haven' t noticed. the 
place is a little more crowded 
than last vear - 1000 more 

- people are around. A new 
chancellor has finallv been 
picked . And . budge't cuts 
notwithstanding . we ' ve 
managed to put up three new 
buildings : the Muir 
apartments. the new theatre on 
Matthews Campus and the 
International Center . 

La Jolla seems to have 
embarked on a building boom 
of its own. Rows of half-
£ini hed houses are perched on 
the hills overlooking the 
medical chool. University Citv 
is looking more and more 'like it 
citv all the lime . and while a 
height controver ~. rages in La 
Jolla . a planned eleven· tory 
building ha reached the ninth 
rioor and ground breaking has 
begun on a thirteen·story 
highri se just behind it. 

The Component niver it\· 
Residential S\' tern . once 
picturesquel.\· named " ~1uir ' s 
concrete gumea pig." i an 
inno\'ath'e approac h to 
undergraduate housing in the 
form of on·campu s apartment 
bUildings. The eight separate 
buildings are housing 310 
tud nt s ID 68 unit , The 

apartments are complete with 
living roo m . se pa ra te 
bedroo ms. pri\,a te decks. 
kitchenettes. furniture and hot 
and cold runmng water. The 
bUildings. loca ted on MUir 
oll ege. hou e tour or ll\'e 

student in each individual 
unit 

This apartment complex is ot 
great interest to colleges and 
unl\,er s itl es nationwid e . 

including other UC campuses. 
The Component University 
Residential Svstem was 
formulated bv the' University of 
California in' conjunction with 
the Ford Foundation. UC plans 
to house 2.500 students with the 
System on various campuses. 
T'he Muir complex. because it 
is the first to be built. is being 
closely wa tched . The 
apartment concept lI'a 
designed to lure upper division 
students who would normally 
move off campus into staying 
on campus. thereby enriching 
the sense of community within 
the colleges. 

The old Marine Corps boiler 
house on Matthews Campus. 
which was used in past years as 
office space, is now beginning a 
new career with the Drama 
Department. The boiler house 
wa s recently attached to a 
newl\' constructed two-slorv 
theatre building and will nov,· 
serve as office space for the 
Drama Department. a public 
ticket hooth serving the theatre 
and dressing and storage 
rooms for the actors. 

The new theatre is for the 
most part. an empty box. The 
onlv construction on the 
interior is a catwalk for 
lighting and staging needs. a 
rehearsal room and some 
additional storage space. The 
theatre will seat 200 persons 
with th e configurati on 
adaptable to the whim of the 
performers, Plywood risers 
will be used to establi h the 
tage and viewing areas and 

can be mo\'ed into anv number 
of con\' ent iona' l and 
unconventIOnal stage design , 

The Drama Department now 
plan to produce at least two 
public productions a \'ear in 
addition to organizing a student 
drama club which ma\' have 
some pr uction of thei'r own. 

The th atre·drama complex 
was built at a total cost of 
i8.000. More than 80 per cent 

ot the constructIOn fund s were 
p rO \' id ed b~' R ege n t . 
Opportunit~· Fund . mone~' 
given to the Cniver it\' br 
alumni and others for pecia l 
projects such as this. 

Atter 10 ~'ears ot pla nmng. 
\'olunte r n 'lce and lund 
ral Ing . UCSD 's foreign 
student cummunit \' with a 
population 01500 to·600. has II 
International enler . The two· 

(continued on page 10) 

SAN DtEGO'S BtG BOOKSTORES 

BOOKS PAPERBA KS 
CARD - GI FTwRA!' 

OPEN EVENINGS 
SUNDAYS 12·5 

LA JOLLA 
750$ GIRARD 

459·.1707 

LA MESA 
GROSSMONT CENTER 

465~500 

The Desert Flowers 
Molly Selvin 

Editor-in·Chief 

The most relaxing sleep of !Jour 
life ...• ~ ver!l l\'igh'. 

/ 

NEVER S G, • ~EVER L l\1P 
ANY SIZE WA TEl MAnlESS 
p 

"'" 
$1495 

WUII"I' rnallrt·~~ 
bed fram .. !! 21J.95 

EE I.in.·r ,,\ 1I" at"r IfM.1 11 1l .-. r mM" rf· '~ .nll (rm .. 
W.,.I .... Stores 

Tuesday, October 28,.1911 Triton Time, Page 3 



triton tiDles 
u .... tity of C.lfornili. San Diego 

La Joll., C.Hfornia 92037 
(71"'413·2000, .1It_ 1018. Advertising .xt_ 1017 

Molly Selvln, Editor-in'(h~f T.rry Barak, BUlin." Manager 

The lCIiforials .xpr.ntd below ar. approvlCl by the 
TRITON TIMES Editorial board. All other opinions 
expressed on this page ar. those of the authors whose 
names appear in the bylines, and do not nec.ssarily 
refl~t the vi.ws of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone 
desl~lng to submit mat.rlal to be publishlCl In this 
sectIon should send It to the Editorial Director, TRITON 
TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD. 

The Right to Vote 
On June 30. the state of Ohio became the 38th state to 

.ratify the 26th amendment to the United States 
Constitution. thereby making that amendment a legal 
fact. T~e amendment gives 18-year-olds the right to vote 
10 all cIty. county. state and national elections. 

For many years'llOw. it has been argued that although 
18-year-olds were old enough to die for their country. 
they were not old .enough ~o choose ~ho was going to 
send them to expIre. ObVIOusly that argument is no 
longer valid. A cynic may say that it is now possible to 
vote for your executioner. However cynicism at this 
point is entirely unwarranted . 

Since the early Sixties, college students have 
unceasingly battered the status quo with the concept of 
radical social change. In the past couple of years. 
though. the so-called movement has itself been ripped 
asunder by factionalism and cynicism. 

The right to vote gives us for the first time the chance 
to achi~ve some of that much-called-for social change in 
the easIest way poSSIble - and totall~ non-Violently. 

If used strategically. the right \0 vote can effect 
change mo~e than any f!1ass. <'tlmon~tration could ever 
hope to achieve. If the rIght IS not u~d . we are nothing 
more than loud-mouthed hypocrites. 

This right grants us immense power. Let' s use it. 

EOP Election 
It is important that an election be carried out in a 

consistent manner . The TRITON TIMES believes that 
the A.S. referendum last year was not run in such a 
manner. This election casts doubt on the future validitv 
of elections at UCSD. . 

Before last May' s referendum to temporarilv raise the 
A.S. fee by S6 per student per quarter. stand'ards were 
set for passage. Sixty per cent of the students had to take 
part in the election and two-thirds of those voting had to 
approve. the !f1easure. Mike Palcic. then A.S. president. 
sa Id so In thIS newspaper . Two elections were held ' in 
the fi rst one less than two-thirds voted " yes." In 'the 
second election. two-thirds did yote "ves" butonlv about 
30 per cent of the students voted . ' . 

:\'evertheless. the A.S. government and acting 
Chancellor York . asked the Regents to certifv the 
election. At tlleir July meeting. the Regents did so and 
the fee increase was approved . 

The TRITON TIMES endorses the financial upport of 
need\' students through the temporary use of stud v bod v 
fee . . -"nd it may well be that it is time to remove' the 60 
per cent ~equirement in view of an ever-growing and 
unresponsl\'e student population. \'evertheless. it is 
absolutel y necessa r~' that the A.S. and the 
administration abide b~' the rules as the\' exist. The rules 
of an election cannot be changed half:wa~' through the 
vot lOg or aFter the election has occurred. 

triton tiIlles 
. :dl(ur-ItH·hirr ........................... _ ... _ ... . 'Iolh St'h'ln 
('i(;> I·:dl or .................................... I: '·llIIk S. i·hilll,.!'. 
lIan .. ,:i ... ,: . :di(or .............................. Cam, Shllrll'k 
( 'UP.' .Al ic.r ........ _._ .... _ ........... _ .......... ( ·hu(·j. Graham 
IIII"hlt·!'o!'. "anaJ!"r __ ___ ._._ ... __ . ___ .......... 'I"'rr, Illlrllk 
I':di(orial Dlr ... • ... r ............ _ ..... Ihl\ lei I.. "".:hbinel"r 
bMH'ialf' ('i.;> . :dl.ur" 
.......... -.• , •. _--.. -.-.-._ ....... II.,h 'Iill,·r. n,·bbl,·I .ln .·nd.·.· 
\rl" . :dih.r __ ._._._._ .. _. _._ .. _ .. ___ ... _ .. __ ... _ .•• ( 'ur"h' R!t·kl" 
Spor.!'. .dhor .-.... ___ ..... __ ... _ .. _._ ...... _ .. _ .. ... .. 1Ilkl'lCulh 
I·holua!ra,b.' . :dilOr .... _. ___ .................... Jot •• :II!'.I"rn 
The TRITO ... , TIMES is offiCially recollnlzed ond supported os 0 student 
newspoper by the Communicotlons Boord of the Un iversity of 
Coli/ornia, Son Diego, 250 Motthews Compus. La Jolio, California 
92037. Pubilcolion is tWICe wee, Iy on T ue,doy, and Fridays. Office, ore 
locoted In ,oom 117. Bloke Holi. on the Revelle Com pus. For odvertising 
phone 453-2000, )(1017;/or editorial or new, phone Xl016. 

Page4 Triton Times Tuesday,October28, 1971 
\ 

Gov. Haight and t 
niversity in 1869 

The following is reprinted from BaDcreftlaDa. the newsletter 
of the Friends of the Bancroft Library at UC Berkelev: 

:'We found an interesting item recently among the letters of 
WIlham Anderson Scott. the distinguished Presbyterian 
minIster . whose papers have lately been catalogued by our 
manuscripts department. It was written bv Governor Henrv 
Huntley Haight and is of sufficient interest to warrant printing 
in full : 

State of California-Executive Department 
Sacramento. Jan. 20. 1869 
Rev. W. A. Scott. D.O. 
DearSir 
Yours of 31st came to hand today and I will respond as well 

as I can to your enquiries. The salaries of professors are fixed 
at $300 per mo?th. The chairs filled are . ancient Languages-
phYSICS. chemIstry etc.-geology. The chairs vacant are 
mathematics-modern languages. and it will be necessarv to 
provide a chair of Constitutional law and political econo'mv-
agricultural chemistr.v-Greek or Latin-mental and moral 
phiiosoph.I'. 

The Organization is not yet complete and will not be until a 
President is chosen and the faculty organized. On the subject of 
the PreSIdency there is great diversity of sentiment among the 
members of the Board of Regents. It is difficult to say upon 

A famous street in San Francisco bears tbis man's name_ 
come in the future. 

whom the choice will fall. . 
r am officially connected with the University and shall do all 

in my power to secure its permanent success .. 
It has however been my design after my term of office 

expires to endeavor to secure an endowment of the City College 
which has now about 5200.000 of property and connect myself 
permanently with that institution. 

Political influences so often mar the prosperity and destroy 
the usefulness ()f state universities that I feel doubtful whether 
at some future time. politics may not reach and ruin the 
institution which the State is founding . [ have endeavored to 
prevent any such result under my administration bItt it may 

We need in California a State University not political. not 
sec.tanan. w,e. also need denominational colleges conducted in 
a liberal SPirit under the control of those who harmonize in 
their religious views. All this we will have in good time and 
tha~ not distant. The state is very prosperous increasing 
rapIdly In wealth and population and its prospects for the 
future very bright. We need to lay foundations not onlv for 
learning but for a sound religious sentiment without which no 
progress is safe or healthful. 

My wife and myself. have sympathized deeply with you in the 
loss of your son. haVing ourselves had experience of similar 
sorrow. 

With much regard. very truly your friend. 
H.H. Haight 

Population: 

Is Ehrlich a Pessimistic NJegalomaniac? 
'Ih J illl Sill" emigrate than immigrate. People have 

. been leaving rural and urban areas for 
Even the most casual observer has the suburbs. thus causing a population 

noted the recent changes in sexual redistribution. raUler than an explosion 
customs. Most notable . contraceptive - an implosion into crowded cities. 
devices have reached the point of "Baby 800m" Over 
ultimate respectability. the\' are ~l.l told. America has gained about 50 
di stributed b~' the ' gOl'ernment. mIllIOn people in the past 20 years. vet 
Abortion. condemned for centuries in even th is figure is misleading. The big 
Western civilization as an abomination. area of growth was in post-war babies. 
makes see mingl~' daily gains a it i Thus in 1956 the U.S. population 
lega lized or publicly funded here and Increased by 3.1 million and in calendar 
there. Man~' cmics contend that thi s i 1968 by only 2.0 million. and that with a 
merely a device for making sex more greater population base. The fertility 
easil~' obtainable and hazard-free . But rate hit an all-time low in the 
there is at least one se rious reason Depression of the '30's at 76 per 1000. Bv 
advanced as the root cause for these 1950. the bab.v boom had rocketed thi's 
changes: the population explosion. Thi s figure to 106 ..-: bv 1957 it was 123. It 
problem has made itself ev ident to all of drop~ to 98 in 1965. and latest figures 
us. in one way or another . For many on put It at 85 for 1969. Thi s deClining 
thi campus it ha s been the readin'!! of ferti1it~· rate has shot all heck out of 
The Pop u I a t ion 80m b or popula tion projections made bv the 
Population . Re sources , Fe?~ral Government in the mid -· GO·s. 
and Development. both bl' Stanford Onglnall~·. we were supposed to have 
professor Paul Erlich . Er'tich i so 361. million America ns by the year 2000. 
concerned he has suggested putting ThI S ha s been steadily scaled down to. 
contra teptil'e chemical in public water and now below. the 300 million figure . 
suppl ies America. we are told . is too The p~esent fertility rate would suggest 
crowded . Slums. riot . polluted lakes. 283 mIllion by 2000. 
cnme. alienation. urban prawl : all With these facts in hand we can turn 
caused b~' the pressures of population. to the number one assumption of the 
The refrain is so lamilia r now that it has population-cri sis experts : more 
been mentally filed as crisi ;';0 . 41 3a Americans are bad . Strange to sav. 
with little thought given to its substance more Amer icans could help solve our 
or premises. ~ollution problems. Says Wattenberg . 

Really a Crisi ? Let us assume that $GO billion per year 
Let's drag out a fell' fact . Ben are necessa r~' for national defense. The 

\\'attenb r~ . who used to direct the U.S. cost of defen e will not necessa rill' be 
census. puts it this wa\': " The critica l hIgher for a nation of 300 million 'than 
facts are that America' is not b\' a 0\' for a nation of two hundred million. Yet 
tandard a crowded countn' and th'at the the tax revenues to the government 

.-\mencan birth rate ha s recentl\' been would be immensel~' higher. tree ing 
at an all-time low ." . I'ast sum s of tax monies to be used for 

Heresa~': Let us press Wattenberg for the I'e r~' expensive programs that are 
sub tantiating facts. before Dr. Ehrlich necessa ~.~· Ifor air . water. and pollution 
seed the water with chemica ls to make control. The cost of cleaning up Lake 
him top thinking such unsocia l Ene ' or an~' other major project ' will 
thought . SIt a lot easIer on 300 million rather than 

Oka~·. sa~' Wattenberg. the population :.tOO million backs. But won' t more 
density of the C.S. is 55 persons per people ca use more pollution? :\ot 
square mile Holland i abou t 18 times nece sa fll~·. Pollution will be defeated 
mor den el\' populated . at 9,5 persons II'h n we are read~' to put a ufficient 
per square mil England is 10 times effort into It s eradication . Vacant 
worse at 588 a mile . and sceni c Au tralia . medil'a l Europe. and ancient 
lI'itzerland lI'eilZhs in at a heftl' 38i . Ro~e had their pollution problems. 

War-ra\'aj!ed ;';ilZeria IS at 1, 4 and el'en \' ell . what about public rvices-
~rex lco LOp u with GO. school . welt are. hospital s. and 

It · true. ot cour . that a lot ot that hou In~ ? " 'here will the~' come from ? 
land area i in Alaska and the Roch Taxe . alter all. are what create thes 
~Iountain . but that i on ll' a mino'r n ·kes. and taxes depend on th 
tactol' . Th fact i that a lull third ot the tr n~th of our econom\'. not on 
nati on's 3.000-odd countie s lost populationdensitl·. . 
population betll' Cn 19bO and 19M. SIXt\ Other Po"er Sources 
pen'cnt 01 them had mor person', Resources arc anoth r concern _ 

won 't we run out of. for example. oil 
some day? True. we will : eventuallvall 
natural resources will be depleted. 
Depending on our demands they will be 
depleted sooner or later. The' answer. 
sooner or later. will be nuclear energv 
or some other new power source . . 

Dr. Paul Ehrlich tells us that "The 
world 's most serious population-growth 
problem is right here in the United 
States among affluent white 
Americans ... If Mr. Ehrlich bothered to 
consult the demographic facts. however. 
he would have found that rich people are 
not the cause of our population increase. 
A 1964 Census Bureau study showed that 
women from families with $10.000 or 
more income had an average 2.21 
children . compared to poor women with 

-3.53 children . 
Overpopulation is a problem. but to 

make it into a crisis i sue with the 
panic-ridden rhetoric of a Paul Ehrl ich 
i to fool ourselves. When these shrill 
explo ionists say that crime is caused bl' 
ol'ercrowding. they offer us an excuse to 
Ignore poverty. drugs. poor education 
and other real causes of crime. Places 
like Walts and Hough report population 
losses over the la st few years. 

Man Nol a Machine 
Our method 01 controlling pollution 

and population is quite as important as 
our decision to do so. The most 
important lesson we can learn is that 
man js not a machine. As an obscure 
carpenter observed some time ago. man 
does not live on bread alone. We cannol 
meet the world population problem bv 
assuming that people will do anything 
lor lood. ThIS is the critical assumption 
of the Paul Ehrlichs. For all their 
pO.inting to India . they fail 10 notice one 
thing : there are millions of cows in 
India . roaming free. If slaughtered . they 
would provide food : this would as weil 
end the over-grazing of potential farm 
land . The Indians do not do SI) due to 
religiOUS scruples . The African nation of 
Kenya faces a food problem. vet chased 
away the Indians and whites who 
operated the most productive farms in 
the country. The reason? It made the 
Black Ken.vans feel independent to do 
Sl) . 

Let us choose careful l.v our methods. 
and leaders. in meeting this problem. 
Let us learn that a Paul Ehrlich ca ll s for 
chemica Is . in the wa ter suppl~· . Let us 
learn of hIS plan to disenfranchise all 
persons over 65 . Let us learn that a 
prophet 01 a new world crisis. mal' ha ve 
me~allJmaniacal Sfllutions whi<:h rna\' be 
wor se than the rlflRina l pfObl m. . 

The Draft: 
American Roulette 

By Luee Beller 
My name is Lance Beizer. 

My office is in 250 Me. between 
Housing and Financial Aids. 
My phone extension is 1945. My 
field is the Draft. This year 
there is joy for many of you. for 
you have won the lottery. For 
others of you. however. my 
condolences. 

If you were born in 1951 or 
earlier and your lottery 
number is above 140. chances 
are that you won't be drafted -
though I will admit that if my 
number were 140-50 I would be 
uneasy until the last moment. 
If you presently hold a U-S and 
you have a lottery number 
which is fairly certain not to be 
needed - 150 and up - and you 
want to divest yourself of your 
deferment so that you may 
enter the Second Priority 
Group January 1. 1972. come to 
my office by Wednesdav. 
October 6, and I will ensuie 
that your Local Board will not 
be informed of your student 
status. 

For those of you who are 
unsure about your chances. 
Selective Service will probably 
provide another method to give 
up your deferment later. but if 
you are sure. this is the best 
way to handle th~ matter. 

If you are a continuing . 
student and you will need five 
years to graduate >or if you are 
a continuing student but you 
have not progressed to the next 
class level by the beginning of 
this quarter and will need a 

student deferment to preyent 
your being drafted. you should; 
run. not walk. to my office 
immediately. The deadline 
again is October 6. 

If you were born in 1952 and 
you are entering college for the 
first time this quarter. you are 
not entitled to a ' student 
deferment under the new law. 
For that matter . no student 
who enters college this fall is 
eligible for a student 
deferment. However. only a 
student in this category born in 
1952 or earlier can be drafted 
this school year. If you fall into 
this group and your lottery 
number seems likely to be 
needed next year. you probably 
would do well to contact me at 
your earliest opportunity. 

If you are a freshman . but 
entered college prior to July 1 
of this ye.ar - e.g.. you 
graduated from High School in 
January and entered college in 
March - you are still eligible 
for a II-S. It is therefore 
imperative that you also see 
me - once again by October 6. 

From time to time 1 shall be 
writing this column iii the 
TRITON' TIMES to explain 
provisions of Ihe new law as 
they become clear. I shall also 
attempt to provide guidance to 
those of you considering 
declaring yourselves to be 
conscientious objectors. So 
watch for this column if you 
wish to follow the progress of 
our national pastime 
American Roulette . 

So you think you 
know what you're 
talking about! 

A newspaper has 3 purposes : to inform. to entertain and to 
stimulate thought. By a strange coincidence of fate it is the 
potential purpose of the Editorial Pages to accomplish the 
latter task. However. to do so. it is absolutelv necessarv to 
have something in which to stimulate such processes of human 
endeavor. Thus. dear reader. we call on YOU-Facultv. 
Students. Staff. Outside Agitators. happy animals and 
Superheroes to write articles reflecting your astute politica l 

WHILE 
THEY 

LAST 

No hype ... lor real . . . Dow Sound Cily made an unbelievable 
AMPEX buy! The Sound Freaks" are selling the AMPEX 
MICRO 52 STEREO CASSETIE PLAYER/RECORDER 
on a lirst come, fir3t sold basis. 

This AMPEX standout fealures smoked plastic panels, walnut veneers, and 
can record up to two hours trom ils dynamic mikes, line, or mixture of 
both. You 'lI flip over the fast forward, fast rewind, play. record. pause. stop. 
and eiecl - all accomplished by using the "Posi·Touch" push buttons. 
You even gel a pop-open door for simplified loading ; automalic level coo-
trois ; Iwo vu meters: a hysleresls synchronous motor: front mike jacks. and 

. even a special demo tape ... all backed by .our own FIVE-STAR GUAR-
ANTEE! (Tn/) Sound Freaks"a/so 'eature a Speaker Trade-Back-Plan.) 
Watch for our new. dynamite Record and Tape Policy. starting in October. 
Dow Sound City. a OI'Ie-stop pleasure shop. is now featuring the king size 
"Fat Bernie" Water Bed for '1'.'5 ... Colored plastic foam & water Stadium 
Seats for '1 .50. and fhe most 'amous names in stereo. 

RETAIL $149.00 
DOW SOUND CITY PRICE 99.00 

YOU SAVE SO.OO 
find out .bout our Fir. YHr Gu.r.ntH.nd Spe.k., T,ed. B.ck PI.n, 
A FREE 2O-YEAR GUARANTEED WATERBED MATTRESS 

- .. Ith.", purell ... 0' "50.00 0' more.nd till. ed. 
Easy Terms Available - Trade-Ins Accepted - The Sound Freaks Honor 

Master Charge. BankAmericard. and Money . . . Start a Xmas Lay-away Plan. 

~.~,~ 
_ I!L CAJON BLVD. I FASHION VALLEY EAIT I PARKWAY CENTER 

IAN Dll!GO SAN D.OO I IN I!L CAJON 
Phone: 213-2325 PMne: 211-5515 Phone: .a-ZS'1 

0,,,-, .'Ort Icx:.llon •• ff : Pa •• den • . Go"" .nd O.nl,d 
/ 

The Great" hite Elephant 
SimiaD Spheroid 

On July 22. The Elephant 
National Committee. in a semi-
secluded meeting in Denver. 
selected our own beloved ( wha t 
city in America would you 
rather live in? I San Diego as 
the site of the 1972 National 
Elephant Conclave. 

Reaction in San Diego at 
the time of the announcement 
was swift and staggering. For 
the benefit of those of vou who 
do not reSIde in (what citv in 
America would you ra ther live 
in? I San Diego: here is what 
some of those reactions were : 

San Diego Police Chief Roy 
Hooker: " Well . in my opinion it 
shouldn' t be too much of a 
problem herding them all 
around what with the freewavs 
and all. Like I have alread y 
reiterated. we are going to try 
to work hand in cuff with any 
demonstrators who might 
appear. And let me say this. 
it'll be a real gas." 

SaD Diego Mayor French 
Cruller: " I Am proud to be the 
mayor of such a city. After all . 
what city in America would you 
rather live in?" 

Noted V OIIlh Leader Abbult 
Htlddman: " We're gonna ' get 
that joint ' Their number's 
up!" 

SaD Diego Hotel Magnate Oil 
Gargantuan: "I'm very very 
happy about the selection of 
San Diego by the Elephants for 
their debacle ... uh . I mean 
conclave. At least for a week 
all of the hotels in the citv 
should break even." . 

Some Reactions by people 
like you were: 

" It's a shame' I work for the 
city sanitation department and 
vou know what a mess those 
Elephants make!" 

. 'I' ve seen drunk Elk s and 
drunk Moose. and I'm going to 
hate to see drunk Elephants 
running rampant through our 
slreets! .. 

opinIOns. Please submit such delicacies to Dave Burchbinder 
Editorial Director of the Triton Times at Lower Blake Hall . 
The deadline for Fridav's issue is Wednesday afternoon at 3 
p.m .. and the deadline for Tuesday's issue is 'friday at 3 p.m. 
However. try to keep your opinions down to 3-4 typed pages. 
Double space and please use a 60 space line. 

And by the way. the same goes fo r letters. 
Remember the opinion of the paper should be ~'ou r opinion. 

for 
POSTERS 
CANDLES 
INCENSE 
JEWELRY 
HANDCRAFTS 
LEATHER 
STATIONERY 
WALL DE COR 

621 pM It lajlla 459"'1436 
Tuesday, Octobe, 21, 1971 T,iton Tim., 'age 5 



Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, October 28/ 1971 

,.... -

do you feel yourself drifting 
in a sea of unfamiliarity? 

well you'll always be welcome 
at the triton times 

we need whatever talents and 
interests you have or don't have 

writers 
artists 
photographers 
production assistants 
political cartoonists 
copyreaders 
general critics 
and general friends are all needed 

drop by and join our friendly crowd 
the triton times office is in 
blake hall on revelle college 

Intramurals 

Flag Football Follies Here Again 
To jocks. freaks and lovers of the American way. the 

intramural athletics program at UCSD offers a unique means 
to express one's frustration in non - military combat. I speak. 
of course. about the flag football program. For those of you 
unfamiliar with the sport. it consists of 16 people (eight on each 
team I scrambling around on an 8O-yard field while bumping 
into each other. As silly as this may sound. it does provide a 
way in which students may release their inner anxieties - all 
in the name of love. brotherhood. and good sportsmanship. 

stars Curt Jenkins. Bob Poolman. Bill Tong. Barry Zuniga . 
Bruce Warner and everybody'S super-hustler. Harvey 
Sternberg. Future stars-be sure to refer to your very own name 
in the weekly editions of the intramural newsletter" BULL 
SHET." This is the one way of communicating 1M news to 
those interested in reading about themselves. 

AthletiC epartment 
Faces Budget Cuts 

This year a coed football league is being formed which should 
provide the possibility for any hard - nosed women 's libbers to 
take a good shot at any resident male chauvinists. Aside from 
these minor skirmishes, the program is expected to provide a 
prime opportunity for fun and frolic. 

Defending champion DeAnza will be returning to battle such 
arch-rivals as the Stumblers. Brand X. and Argo II . Adding 
some razzle-dazzle throughou t the leagues will be returning 

All those interested in participating in the program are urged 
to sign up at the intramural office located in the southern part 

.of the gym. Freshmen males and females should give in to 
-animal tendencies and get up a team. keeping in mind. 
however. that the person you knock down on the field is the 
person you must exist with off the field . Sign-ups for men's 
football end Tuesday. Oct. 5. and there will be a meeting that 
day to determine schedules. The coed meeting will be the 
following Thursday. Oct. 7. . 

Mike Rat .. 
Sports Editor ' 

As a general rule when a 
school is forced to economize, 
the Physical Education 
Department is one of the first 
to take its lumps, grin. and 
bear it, and UCSD is no 
exception to the rule . Like the 
rest of the University the 
Physical Education 
Department will have to 
tighten its belt to make it 
through the year, but hopefully, 
with some stretching and 
juggling, services will not be 
found lacking. 

Anyone interested in working as a referee or serving on the 
Intramural Review Board should contact Lee Johnson. X2283. 

Soccer Club Seeks Recruits 
To Develop Offensive Skills 

MikePeOIag 
The UCSD Soccer Club is cu rrently looking 

forward to its second year of Division I 
competition with what may be regarded as 
somewhat cautious optimism. Last year the 
club worked its way to a record of four wins, six 
losses, and two ties, reason enough for a little 
caution . 

This year the club will probably rely heavily 
on defensive skills since an experienced group 
of backs and halfbacks is expected to return. 
However, at this point the club's offensive 
potential remains a question which will only be 
answered by the results of a recrui ti ng program 
which will last through the next month. 

The club. which was formed by foreign - born 
students at Scripps Institute of Oceanography 
almost 12 years ago. is sponsored by the 
University of California and draws its 
membership from the general academic 
community. Although it is a separate 
organization from the Intercollegiate Soccer 
Team, the club frequently works out and 

scrimmages with the Tritons. It is a member of 
the San Diego County Soccer League and plays a 
regular schedule of about 15 games in open 
competition between the months of October and 
March. During the remainder of the year 
informal practice games are organized with 
league and independent teams. 

Approximately 30 people participate in 
organized play throughout the year. Because of 
the length of the season and academic 
responsibilities many of the members are faced 
With, the club has a large player turnover 
during the year and opportunities arise for 
many people to play. In addition, many others 
who do not have the time to condition 
themselves for formal competition but still 
enjoy playing the game are welcome to the 
regular practice sessions held on Tuesday and 
Thursday afternoons. If you are interested in 
joining or seek more information, please call 
Mike Pelling at Xl887 , or John Leonard at 
X 1763. 

A~HEU$[R·.USC" . INC . • ST. lOUIS 
The 6nt malt liquor pd enough 

to be called BUDWFJSER 

lVeekly 
Tides 

For all surfers. divers. 
sailors. astrologers. grunion 
and sharks. the TRITON 
TIMES starting now will 
present weekly tide tables that 
will hopefully aid you in your 
athletic endeavors. And for the 
purists in the crowd. the tables 
are taken from TIME & TIDES 
1971. published by the Diving 
Locker. so don ' t blame us for 
any inaccuracies. 

High Tide Low Tide 
Sunrise 6: 55 Sunset 6:52 

AM PM AM PM Sep, zg Wed 7'2. 6:00 12' 2. 12'02 Sepl. 30 ThYr. 7:12 1:.1 1'06 100 Ocl I fr j 1116 HI I.U 112 Oc1.2 s." 130 1 36 2' 11 230 SUnn~ 158 SU .... , N~ Oc, 3 Sun 1110 U4 1 48 2'30 Oc, 4 Mo. 1361012 U 4 4110 Oc'i Tu~s 10 1100 3 i4 4 48 

"There will be no adverse 
effects," according to Dr. Ted 
Forbes, Chairman of the 
Supervisors of PE _ As 
everywhere else, however, it 
will be difficult to continue in 
the future with a similar 
budget because there is not 
enough money to purchase new 
equipment to replace that 
beyond repair. Yet, there is a 
new face in the PhYSical 
Education Department this 
year. His name is Robert 
Moss and he will instruct 

' classes in tennis, badminton, 
and basketball and may also 

... 

: . 

, 

, . 

Robert Moss, a Dew additioD to 
tbe P.E. Department 

SURFING 
BACK PACKING 
SKIING 
TENNIS 
PANTS & SHIRTS 

lVorth County's 
pecialty Sports enter 

SURf REPORT NO.1SJ·6Z21 

HANSEN 
SURFBOARDS 

I ros HWY rOl, ENCINITAS 
0"", '~ W.elutays 
' ·5 Sat., '·3 Sun. 

Phone 753.6595 

assist in coaching baseball and 
track. 

Intercollegiate SPOrts 
Hard Hit 

The Intercollegiate Sports 
Program will 
probably be hardest hit by the 
lack of coins. Stated Howard 
Hunt, Director of Athletics, 
" Its going to be tight. " All the 
sports will be forced to share 
the burden equally, but no 
established sport will have to 
be eliminated. With one 
exception no new uniforms or 
major equipment additions will 
be purchased for the year. The 
one exception will be tbe girls ' 
swim team , which begins its 
first competitive season this 
year . Because of the wear and 
tear on uniforms normally 
incurred during the season the 
coaches are counting on more 
money next year. 

There is no intercollegiate 
football planned this fall , not 
because of budget limitations 
but because of a lack of 
experienced players. Spring 
practice had ended early 
because of a shortage of 
interested students. If there is 
enough student interest 
football may yet rise up thiS 
quarter, but the initiative will 
have to rest with the students. 

In trying to stay within its 
means, the department has 
also eliminated all funds 
designated for the support of 
teams during national 
competition. By this policy the 
volleyball team would not have 
been able to make the trip to 
Texas for the nationals as they 
did last year. However, some 
sports. namely basketball 
baseball, and track, if they are 
selected to participate in a 
national tournament , are 
subsidized by the NAIA through 
gate receipts and will net be 
affected by local budget 
limitations. Those teams not so 
fortuna te will ha ve to devise 
other ways of finanCing trips to 
national tournaments, either 
through fund - raiSing activities 
or personal resources. 

Participation in the District 
III sector, Southern California, 
may also be affected by the 
new budget. In some cases 
allocation of a team 's money 
may be determined by the 
members of the team. They 
may have a choice between 
meal money or fewer road 
trips. At any rate every 
possible effort is being made to 
schedule as many home games 
as pos ible because of the 
enormous savings involved. 
The cost of a water polo game 
played at UC D rna run $40, 

(con tinued on page III 

DELFOSSE 
EUROPEAN & 
SPORTS CAR 

CORNER OF CASS & 
TURQUOISE 
PACIFIC 8EACH/ SAN DIEGO 
PHONE 488-7878 
CURT DELFOSSE/OWNER 

Tuesday. October 28, 1971 Triton Time, Page 7 



• 

Book Review 

Jim Sills 

The future of America. we are told . is with the young. and 
more particularly with the college·educated . In facing that 
future . it would be safe to say that a consensus of that opinion 
finds the American tradition wanting. not only in details. but in 
fundamental institutions. There is the protest for peace as 
against war. and for idealism over cynicism: but these are 
philosophical threads common to an~' ideolog~' of youth . More 

si~ni!icant. and more .. American." is the cry against 
"dehumanizing competition" and "exploitative capitalism" 
and ·· middle·class values:' not to mention the favorable 
references toward "communal living .. ···cooperation .. · " new 

moralit~·" and the welfare of the group over the individual. 
Listen to Amalrik 

We have all heard these critiques of American society man~' 
limes in books. magazines. on lelel'ision. from friends. etc. But 
before we decide the nation's future course we should. all of us. 
hear t~~ teslimom' of a gentleman named Andre Amalrik . 
Amalrit, speaks or'the higher view taken of co~munal ver~us 
person; I liI'e in his countr~' and his countrymen s concern lor 
justiC'e . ' . . . . 

" In r raclice. Ithe Idea of I ' jUSIICe ~~\'olves the .deslre that 
·nobod .. should live better than I do.. Amalnk. mtellectual 
resider ,1 of a SO\'let labor camp lZoes on. layin~ his plight not to 
Ihe bo ,ses but to tne t'Ollllllon mall "This idea of justice is 
mOlin'ted by haIred 0 e\'er~thinl! that is outstanding. which 

IMP~TEO FOOOS- WINES "NO CHAMPAGNES 
THE HOME Of THE "ARTICHOKE FRIT"TT"" 

Cre.~i's C & it. 
'Iarket & Deli('atCll~en 

Caterin(l-all ~ize parlie~ 
Food togo 

';833 Girard .\\-t'. La Jolla. Calif. 459-51 C) I 

Monterey Jazz: 1971 
,",0" W. Siegel 

Arts Wriler 

Two days and three nights of 
jazz rolled into Monterey 
September 17 through 19. 
Accompanied by colorful 
crowds. and impeccable 
weather. the music brought out 
a mixed bag of feelings from 
within me. . 

The first evening was opened 
by Dizzy Gillespie. who came 
on as a surprise to everyone. 
He seemed in fine spirits. and I 
was looking forward to a lively 
jam session when the curtain 
suddenly opened. revealing 
Roy Eldridge. Clark Terry. 
Ray Brown. Louie Bellson. 
and John Lewis. But I should 
have known beUer. 

Jimmy Lyons. general 
manager of the festival . called 
this year "coming home to 
Monterey." And that turned 
out to be the return of many of 
the jazz giants who had 
previously performed here. 

A Dull EnDIDg 

audience was dying to get into 
some heavy· handed. low-down 
foot tapping blues. And that's 
just what Saturday afternoon 
offered. Most of the audience 
was dancing in their sea ts and 
in the aisles by mid afternoon. 
With the warm sun. all that 
wine and good music. it 
couldn't be finer . 

(" Psst! Shb! Not too loud. 
Here's our contribution to 
today's sound. But keep it 
subdued. After all. we don't 
want to offend anyone." ) John 
Handy. Ali Akbar Khan. and 
Zakir Hussain played a raga. 
Beautiful listening . The 
musicians clearly blended the 
" classical" Indian music with 
rapidfire improvisa tion. A 

First off. the bandsmen 
themselves were white·on 
white-in white. This is a 
sam'pling of the best young jazz 
musicians in California? No. It 
represents the best musicians 
who happen to be lucky enough 
to be living in a school district 
tha t can afford to hire music 
instructors who can teach 
"jazz" in an academic 
situation. There is an 
important difference. and it 
showed up in the music 
performed. High quality. 
professiona I sound. Rigid . 
demanding. up-tempo. shades 
of Don Ellis. Not at all what I'd 
expect from the work shops set 
up in various cities around 
here. 

There are implications here 
that I'm calling the music 
performed "white" jazz. And I 
am. The effect of racism on 
jazz is important to realize. 
and I hope to deal with it in 
another article later this year. 

All Star Bald ~oor 
The AII·Star Band played 

demanding. but poor. work for 
two and a half hours. until 
Oliver Nelson took control. The 
ma ster a rranger - a I to 
saxophonist was a welcome 
relief. and again an upsurge 
from the dregs that had been 
poured out earlier. 
Sunday evening delivered two 

jam sessions in tribute to Jazz 
at the Philharmonic. the Oscar 
Peterson Trio. Sarah Vaughn. 
and a final jam with some 
great scat singing by Clark 
Terry and Miss Vaughn . Now 
don't get me wrong. Nothing 
can compare to Ule genius of 
men like Peterson. Ray Brown. 
John Lewis. et al. It's that they 
seem to have become content 
with those styles that made 
them first popular. and nothing 
new has ushered forth since. So 
Sunday closed with a sound. 
and safe. thud. 

A Conservative Festival 

So there I sat. listening to 
. men who had contributed much 
to the music many years ago. 
Bu t for some reason the 
creativity. the searching for 
new forms of expression 
seemed absent. And indeed it 
was in that little session the 
first night. And it was to be 
absent for almost the entire 
festival. Roy Eldridge belts out 1940's "Kansas City Revisited" blues at the 1971 Monterey Jan Festival. 

The highlights were worth 
it- e'specially Dizzy Gillespie's 
tribute to Ella Fitzgerald (who 
was to have orginally made a 
guest appearence Sunday. but 
couldn't make it I. Oiz is one of 
the few giants who still has it in 
him when he tries. But the 
trend I noticed earlier was 
finally realized. The 
management wanted no trouble 
I such as the fiasco at Newport 
earlier this year l.which meant. 
" don't attract a youthful 
audience." So old 'rel iables 
were used. the flavor was 
mellow . and the 
predom ina tely you thf ul 
audience got little to jump 
about. but perhaps a 
" meaningful educational 
experience" from listening to 
the old masters, It seems that 
the Monterey community 
demanded this. and they got it. 

Carmen MacRae was the 
queen that she always is. Dave 
Brubeck/Gerry Mulligan were 
as rigid and heavy· handed as 
always. except for Alan 
Dawson. As if shouting out in 
protest to the dullness of the 
first night. Dawson produced a 
drum solo· that saved the 
evening for me. A t least I got tv 
hear seven minutes of life 
Friday night. Louie Bellson 
Band came on and put the final 
damper on with 1971 studio 
swing band noise. 

But Saturda~' was another 
thing . " K'ansas City 
Revisited." The Blues. Jesse 
Price. Roy Eldridge. Joe 
Turner. Jimmy Witherspoon. 
Marv Lou Williams. Jav 
McShann. and AI Hibbler. Here 
was Kansas Citv in the 1930's 
and ·40·s. And sO alive~ I guess 
the difference between this 
group and Friday's is that here 
the musicians played a style 
completely free of any modern 
music forms. And also the 

great way to open the evening. 
And then Jimmy Witherspoon. 
What's this? Heavy blues that , 
had the audience on its feet 
again. But alas. it was 
shortlived . Errol Garner and 
Thad Jones·Mel Lewis Band 
finished the evening with 
polished performances. But the 
spirit generated earlier in the 
evening was lost. I was . 
beginning to see a pattern . 

High School BaDds Featured 

Sunday afternoon heralded 
the most dissonant concert. 
which deserves the most 
attention. Billed as "Jazz 
Todav And Tomorrow." it 
fea tu'red the winner of the first 
California High School Jazz 
Band Competition I The 
Ygnacio Valley High School 
Jazz Band I. the McMinnville 
Oregon Twiligh ter s. the 
California All·Star High School 
Jazz Band. and some young 
soloists. 

we make no effort to imitate but. on the contrary. try to bring 
down to our level. by hatred of an\' sense of initiative. of any 
higher or more dynamic way of life than the life we live 
ourselves." .. 

War Will Weaken Regime 
Amalrik wrote the book in the late 60s. It was published in the 

West only recently during a brief period out of jail. He had just 
served a vear at forced labor on a collective farm for being a 
" social parasite": i.e .. he had not held regular work for more 
than a month. In 1970 he was sentenced to three years in a labor 
comp for "anti·Soviet progaganda:' The ostensible thesis of 
the book I and a fascinating one I is that a forthcoming war with 
China will weaken the Soviet regime to the point of collapse. 

Far more interesting to the reviewer. however. is Amalrik's 
explanation of continued internal Soviet decadence. and the 

equall~' continous naive hope of American intellectuals that the 
Soviet Union will " reform" itself. On a mechanical level. 

The YgnaciO band had one 
plus: Mary Fettig on alto sax. 
More about her in a moment. 

The McMinnville Twilighters 
lost better than hall the 
audience with their choral 
arrangements of early Four 
Freshmen. 

Then came a good jam 
session. Here Albert Wing. 
Raymond Lee Cheng. and Mary 
Fettig demonstrated that not 
all young musicians are as 
restricted as the rest of the 
youngsters performing that 
day. The shining light was 
Mary Fettig. A clear tone and 
an improvisation style I'd be 
proud to own had the audience 
at her feet. But I'm afraid her 
future looks dim. Judging from 
her background( middle·class 
white ) she' I1 have little chance 
to develop as a jazz musician. 
Plus the fact that she's a 
woman makes it tougher. still. 

So perhaps it's just as well 
that the truly creative young 
musicians didn't appear a\ 
Monterey. They might have 
been stimed and choked by the 
conservative atmosphere that 
permeated the festival. 

And perhaps the saddest fact 
is that it appears as if this 
trend will continue at Monterey 
for some lime to come . And 
it'sa shame. 

Amalrik cites three main factors for decline. First. politically 
and economically the Soviet regime has rooted out the most 
(alented and independent minds. Political dissenters were 
silenced. of course. and those peasants most qualified (i.e. 
"kulaks" I were exterminated by Stalin. Similarly. Amalrik 
found among his companions as "social parasites" (persons 
sentenced to exile for " laziness" I carpenter. stovemakers. and 
other craftsmen whose only crime was that their profession 
was "selfish" and " personal. " 

Second. the large numbers of the Soviet middle class 
interested in reform and government under law. are denied the 
chance to dissent by their privileged positions in the 
bureaucracy. Co-opted. one might say. 

Third is the continuinR failure of Marxist economics: i.e, 
Russia has six times as many people working twice as much 
land as America . yet must import food from. among others. 
America. (eolia_eli •• pa.tt) 

prJ]"; COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327F. S,,..t 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

ucu CAthOLIC coa~. :, I71 SC"~l 1.AiI5JO 8.)0 •••• aM S.OO p ••• ac UlMlSlrr LUflllU~ Cl!I.lICB. 
9~9~ 1,AJOW allOiL7,lI DilV? (.CIIOIIS 'loOr. h~'llU.J c:AI'l'I;3). Por 1"'o~t1 •• eall Pr. 14 IloflOYaII or 

Tilt . . Fri. 
9:.&5-5:30 

Sat. 9:30 • 5:30 
C\oted Sun. & Mon· 

233-1321 
PT. ilill ....... UHf •• CHI .. or .'11&1 •• ' .. ttelro ... t. 19'1). or ~,)-)8~ 

Page 8 Triton Time, Tuesdoy, October 28, 1971 

POSSIBILITIES 
Anomaly Factory 
The Anomaly Factory is a 

group of performers. artists. 
and technicians working to 
crea te a theater based on total 
stage imagery. Production s 
are the result of extensive 
experimentation and 
improvisation on the part of 
both actors and technical 
operators. Rehearsals will 
begin Oct. 4 for the November 

Factory at 7 p.m .. Wednesday Nt" 0 . 
Sept. 29 in 257 MC. Nominai "~d~~~e :. pus 11~ : ~~v~l s unless" accompani.ed by a Montezuma Hall at 8 p.m. 
salaries are available for Sonata': (19~~~lez F.'.rst tenor . . but he deCided It was Lorimer will perform pieces 
several persons in electronics. Preludes " Opus 28 b a~~ . 24 prejudiced. Never~h~les~ he by John Dowland . Albert 
business . or technical T' k . Y opm. encourages the parllclpatlon of Roussel. Louis Couper in 
d ire c tin g F IC ets are on sale for the 3 both men and women . 

. or more pm performanceatbothU If . ' information. call 453·2000. 1195 Ii 11' d rey .. you .are mterested in the 
. a an at the Sherwood Hall Clvlc·Unlversitv Choir and yOU 

Carolyn dooL ~here is a $3 general cannot make ii on Wednesday 
admiSSion. but UCSD students evening - please call 453·8380 . 

Rosenberger can go for $1. . 
Recital Civic-University San Diego Stale 

Chorus Drama Offerings production and will be held in On Sunday. Oct. 3 there will 
the Anomaly Factorv. 257 be a piano recital bv Carol 
Matthews Campu s. . Rosenberger sponsored bv the Ron Jeffers and the Robust Shake peare. Iri sh 

The theater is also involved UCSD C . Department of Music at UCSD shenanigans. characters of 
in tb d 1 ampus Programming wish to notl'fy Unl'versl'tv 0 am 0 R 

e eve opment of Board and the La Jolla n unyon . the 
electronics for the theater and Museum of Contemporary Art. students interested in melodrama of Alexandre 
related arts. One of the current at the La Jolla Museum's partiCipating in the Civic· Dumas and a restaging of 
projects involves interfacl'ng a Sh ood H I University Choir to meet for Peter Weiss' "The Persecution 

erw a 1. 700 Prospect th ' . f' com~uter to the theater 'S St. IS year s Irst rehearsal at and Assassination of Jean·Paul 
IIghtmg and sound equipment Miss Rosenberger has 409 Matthews Campus 7:30 Marat as Executed by the 
for mteractlve control by the performed recitals from p.m. Wednesday. Sept. 29. Inmates of Charenton Under 
operator. Austria . to her hometown Particip~tion in the choir may the Direction of the Marquis Th~re will be a general Detroit. to Los Angeles . This be on either a credit or non· De Sade." will be part of San 
meetmg for persons with a much.acclaimed pianist will credit basis, Jeffers wishes to Diego State's 1971·72 drama 
serious interest in either the play selections from stress the importance of the season. 
performing or technical Stravinsky' s " Sonata for male element in choirs and Such plays as " Look Back in 
aspects of the Anomaly Piano" 119221: Faure's " 13th almost went so far this year as Anger". "Taming of the ~~:-:~;-:-:-;~r-;~.....:...:.:;.:..:.......:.:=:..::....:..:=:..:--.:~~~to~sa:y~,,,::," ~o~w~o~m~en~a~dm~it~ted~ Shrew." " The Hostage." 
S · t U . "Guys and Dolls." "The Count o VIe n Ion . . . of Monte Cristo." as well as 

Empty Society 
Amalrik . however. senses a 

more fundamental, spiritual 
emptiness at the center of 
Soviet society. " When the old 
f pre·revolu tionary I socia 1 
structure in both town and 
village had been completel v 
destroyed. a new one began to 
form. The Christian ethic. 
with its concept of right and 
wrong. has been shaken loose 
and driven out of the popular 
co nsCiousness . An 
(unsuccessful) attempt was 
made to replace it with 'class' 
morality. Thus the Christian 
ethic ... died out without being 
replilced b~' a Marx ist ethic." 

Though Marxi t moralitv 
I I.e. adherence to authorill:, 
never took hold. Amalrik sees 
thi as a function of increasing 
bureaucratization. a svstem 
requiri ng little ideolog\' , 
Amalrik asks. "What, then. ar'e 
the beliefs and guiding ideas of 
this people with no religion or 
mora lit~·? It is hard to tell 

Aztec 
Highlights 

with Don Coryell 
Tonight-7:00 p.m. 

Aztecs vs. 
Southern Mississippi 

KeST·39lV 

whether. as.ide from those 
purely material criteria. the 
bulk of our people possess anv 
kind of moral criteria - such 
as ' honorable ' and 
'dishonorable,' 'good ' or 'bad ' 
' right ' and 'wrong,' th'e 
supposedly eternal principles 
which function as inhibiting 
and guiding factors when the 
mechanism of social constraint 
begins to rail apart and man is 
left to his own devices." 

A serious. solemn. and even 
grave view. ~ne cannot sa~' it 

much better than that. 
r~ a University. a dozen jobs. 

a city street. a collective farm 
a prison. these are th~ 
dimenSions of the ruined hulk 
of Russian society perceived by 
a frail, chronically ill man 
named Amalrik somewhere in 
the eternal night of Siberia. Let 
us weigh his testimony 
carefully before we enthrone 
"the collective" over the 
individual , before we discard 
the traditions of our cultural 
heritage. 

several children ' s theater 
productions will be presented 
this vear. 

For full information 
regarding ticket~ 
call the thea tre box office. San 
Diego State. 286-6033. 

Michael Lorimer 
in Concert 

Classical guitarist Michael 
Lorimer. a protege of Andres 
Segovia. will appear at San 
Diego State College on Oct. 1 in 

Friday & Saturday Film Series 

Friday: 
Gimme Shelter 

In the Gym at 7:30 & 10:30 7S c 

Saturday: 
Bergnlan~s 

The Seventh Seal 
and 

Coeteau's 
Orpheus 

$1 UCSD Students $1.50 Others 
Tic#Cets Available at 

'he Urey Hall Box Office 

Carolyn Rosenberger in piano 
recital scheduled October 3 at 
the La Jolla Museum of 
Contemporary Art. Special 
Student Tickets available at 
Urey Hall Box Office. 

Johann Froberger. Johann 
Bach. and ISaac Albeniz. 

Tickets are on sale at the 
Aztec Box Office. 

Don Nix appearing with the 
Alabama State Troupers, 
October 16th at University of 
San Diego. This Elektra 
Concert is sponsored by KPRJ. 

anti at tbe Door '1WIiot-VGlllay ~ (hootciocke.r, heltdooker, ba,gclockar-) 
Tuesday, October 28, 1971 Triton Times Page 9 



Desert 
story. wOOl'-frame building 
constructed between Matthews 
Campus and Revelle College. 
will provide a meeting place 
and hospitality center for 
students and scholars from all 
countries. including the United 
States. who are affiliated with 
the University. 

The center is the fi rst of a 
series of buildings. including a 
student union. to be built in the 
area which will comprise a 
campus student activi ty 
center. In addi tion to serving 
students. the activity center 
will provide opportunities for 
campus and community 
members to work together. 

The International Center 
provides meeting rooms. 
lounge space. temporary guest 
quarters. reading. music and 
game rooms. a craft center and 
conference space. In addition. 
an international nursery school 
has been organized. there are 
kitchen facilities and a n 
outdoor coffee garden with 
space for folk dancing. ethnic 
drama and music. 

Community hospitality for 
international students in La 
Jolla began way back in 1961. 
The Zonta Club of La Jolla 
began opera ti on of an 
international center in a house 
in the village which catered to 
graduate students studying at 

Scripps In st itution of 
Oceanography and in the new 
science and humanitities 
departments on the main UCSD 
campus. 

After about four years the 
house was closed to save funds 
for an interna tional center on 
campus. In 1965 a non-profit 
organization of University 
personnel and interested 
individuals in the community. 
the Internalional Center of La 
Jolla . Inc .. was formed. As a 
result of this group's efforts. 
only 15 per cent of the $180.000 
cost came from student fees : 
all other funds were donated. 

All summer a building heigh t 
controversy has been raging in 
the La Jolla Shores area along 
the beach. south of campus. 
The La Jolla Town Council and 
some community groups have 
been supporting a 3O-foot height 
limitation for the Shores area . 
meaning a maximum building 
height of three stories. 

The San Diego City Council 
on July 15 established a 
temporary 50 -fo ot height 
limitation for the Shores area. 
or a building height of five 
stories. One day after this 
action. however. permits were 
issued for construction of two 

high rises in tile area . a hotel of 
eleven stories and a 
condominium apartment unit 
of thirteen stories. Since 
actions of the City Council are 
not binding until 41 days after 
approval. these permits were 
legal. 

Construction on the eleven 
story hotel. located on the 
corner of Torrev Pines Road 
and La Jolla Shores Drive. has 
progressed to the ninth story. 
However . work was hailed on 
the project September 15 due to 
what the Building Inspection 
Department termed a 
structural defect in the 
buildin g ' s m aso nr y . 
Apparently the concrete blocks 
and the cement poured into the 
block s showed streng th 
specifications far below city 
code standards. 

Construction will resume 
when a plan is presented for 
solving the problem. At this 
point. possi ble solution s 
include re infor ci ng the 
masonry with gunite. or if this 
is economically unfeasable. the 
entire building may be torn 
down and rebuilt. 

This latest development is 
only one of the many problems 
which have faced builder Clark 
Higgens since he first 
announced his construction 
plans. Pickets. bomb threats 

, 

and fires have necessitated the 
employment of a guard 24 
hours a day on the Shores 
construction site. Community 
groups are also trying to press 
the issue in court. 

It is with a curious mixture 
of feelings that many of us 
return to campus this fall . We 
are happy to see the greenery 
sprouting forth along the roads 
and lawn areas. for it means an 
end to the mud and dust and 
built-the-day-before look of the 
campus. 

For some departments and 
groups who have awaited the 
funding and construction of 
special buildings for years. a 
milestone of sorts has been 
achieved . 

Yet often what we see in the 
wa y of development off 
campus tends to depress some 
of us : often more than does the 
increasing campus popula tion 
and increasing 
depersonaliza tion. To many the 
housing projects are ticky-
tacky and tend to destroy the 
natural beauty of the hills and 
canyons rather than enhance 
it : and the high rises seem out 
of place in wha t was a quaint 
seaside village. In short. a 
double standard of sorts blinds 
us to the development on this 
campus. while it angers us over 
development off-campus. 

(NOR DOES IT HAVE TO BE EXPENSIVE) 
Take this one, for example: 

TENPLAN ' 
Costs only 15( fo r each check you write. 
Gives you a state ment every three months. 
It's as sim ple as that ! 

PLUS THREE OTHER PERSONAL CHOICE 
CHECKING ACCOUNTS wh ich can be even 
more econom ical if you write' more checks or 
carry a large r ba lance than the average student. 

FREE SUMMER INACTIVE SERVICE for all 
college students on any plan. You can keep any 
Bank of America Checking Account open 
throughout the summer with a zero balance at 
no charge. 

Page10 TritonTimes Tuesday, October 28, 1971 

To augment your Bank of America checking 
account. 

INSTANT CASH to protect you from the 
cost and inconven ience of overdraft checks. 
BANKAMERICARO ' a widely popular 
credit card available to qual ilfied college 
students . 

COME IN TO YOUR NEAREST BANK OF 
AMERICA BRANCH SOON. Ask about these 
convenient services for college students. Or, 
pick up a copy of the booklet College Student 
Banking Services which explains them in detail. 

BANK OF AMERICA NT& SA 
Mem be, FDIC 

pag.two ... 
three - course sequences in 
Cantonese and Mandarin. 

Revelle Provost Paul 
Saltman told the TRITON 
TIMES that the Chinese 
Studies program is one of 
several programs being 
initiated at UCSD to utilize the 
small number of faculty 

available "in maximum 
versatility ." While the 
program employs many 
courses which already exist or 
were planned, therefore not 
demanding new faculty 
members to assume the 
workload, it permits students 
to major in new subject areas. 

APIS Social Problems Course 
A new year-long APIS course 

dealing with " Topics in 
Technology and Modern Social 
Problems" will be offered this 
year. Students may not be 
aware of the course because it 

was not included in the fall 
schedule of classes. According 
to Dr. M. Granger Morgan, 
course instructor, APIS 181 will 
deal with the " social impact of 
several technologies." Among 
the topics explored will be the 

social applications of remote 
probing methods , traffic 
control problems, use of power 
in modern society , and 
automation in education. 

Prerequisites for APIS 181 A, 
B, and C are Science 2A, B, and 
C, Apis 10 or its equivalent, and 
the consent of the instructor . 
The class will meet during the 
Fall Quarter Monday , 
Wednesday, and Friday at 1 
p.m. in 2A, 2250. Dr. Morgan 's 
office is 5132 2A . 

Clinic Named for Professor 
When Vallejo, California 

dedicated a new medical clinic 
Thursday, September 16, they 
honored an associate professor 
of community medicine at the 
UCSD School of Medicine. The 
Faustina Solis Medical Clinic 
Building recognizes the UCSD 
faculty member 's time and 
effort spent in assisting 
development of the project. 

According to the Solano 
County Department of Public 
Health , the State Farm 
Workers Program provided the 
clinic so that more convenient 
and efficient medical care 
could be given to farm workers 
and their families while they 
are living and working in the 
county. The Faustina Solis 
Medical Clinic Building is 
located at the Dixon Farm 
Workers Camp in Northern 

California 's Solano County. 
Miss Solis holds an MSW 

degree from the University of 
Southern California. During 
her tenure as director of the 
Farm Workers Health Service 
she supervised trainees in 
community health services. In 
addition , she has served as a 
consultant for community 
service projects and health 
programs to agencies such as 
the National Institute of Mental 
Health , Regional Medical 
Programs , the Office of 
Economic Opportunity , Head 
Start and Rural Health 
Services. 

Currently Miss Solis serves 
as Director of Outreach Clinics 
for UCSD and also assists in 
the instruction of Department 
of Community Medicin e 
courses. 

ST~L~D~.M~UT ~ 
Oriental Style Rugs from 

Belgium. In cotton, iute or wool. 
Put some color 
under your feet. 1 

rugs of ell sizes 

4x6 $lS 619 $31.9S 
III rJ AN'S ..... M ... AG..;....oIC ___ CA ...... RP __ ETS .... 

ORIENTAL C ARPF.TS OR IGINA L S AND REPRODUCTIONS 
5&27 LA IOllA BLVD LA JO LL A CA LIFORNI A TEL 4511 7'7' 

Field 
lipe 

Tomato.s 
5/$1 
.. 

Or-Gro 
OIGANtALLY ClOWN IIATURAL FOOD 

e Produce e Poultry Products 
• Meat Products . Dai ry Products 

• Bakery Goods e Grai ns 
• Jui ces e App li ances 
e Food Supplements 

Brown Rolled Contlf,.nt.1 
lice Oats vat 

' .. Pl . 

5/$1 
~ . 

1/$1 3/$1 

Ell 
Plant 
5/$1 

Cole's 
Well 

Water 
, GA~ . 

3/$1 
10%' OFF AllPURCHASESTHRUOCTOBER o WITH STUDENT BODY CARD 

945 GARNET, PACfE BEACH HOURS M- F '0 -7 SA' . 10 - 6 
PARKING In REAR SUN. ' " 5 

parents 
do you lie awake nights worrying whether your son or daughter 
will be rioting, burning buildings, studying enough or 
fraternizing too much with the opposite sex? 

find out for sure with a subscription to UCSD's campus 
newspaper, the triton times 

----------------------------------------------- -
--- ------------------------

o 1 yrj$6 o 1 qtr.f$2.S0 NAME ____________________________________ __ 

o check enclosed o please bill me 
address _____________________ _ 

(make checks payable to triton times) city ---_________ state _______ zip __ _ 

(Continued 'rom page 7) 

Budget Cuts 
whereas a road game with 
traveling expenses and meal 
money would cost at least 
twice as much. Schedules for 
most of the teams will be 
reduced by two to five games 
from what they were last year. 
The only sport that will escape 
the cuts will be varsity 
basketball. which was saved by 
the fact that contracts for all 
the games had been signed 
some time before the cuts had 
been made. Next year the 
schedule will be reduced to 
meet the budget limitations. 

Recreatloa 
The Recreation Department 

received about the same 
amount of money as last year. 
which is $15,000 less than what 
they had asked for in hoping to 
purchase a small skiff to help 
with the sailing. diving. and 
water skiing activities. With 
the increase in student use of 
facilities due to the expanding 
University community . 
recreation personnel will be 
hard - pressed to continue as 
usual. In order to keep the 
programs running with as little 
loss as possible. Bert 
Kobayashi. Director of 
Recreation. has eliminated a 
few poSitions and consolidated 
the workload with fewer 

people, and has himself 
absorbed more duties . 
Although an increase in 
intramural and c lub 

participation is expected, they 
both can count on continued 
support throughout the year. 

-

CUSTOM CABINET SHOP 
W ATERBEDS FRAMES 
PEDESTALS PADDED RAILS 

HEATERS .Ujl APPROVED 
LINERS FOAM PADS 

e Discount on complete sets eVisit our foctory ond see how 0 
quolity product is mode e 10% Discount with this ode 

143 South Cedros, Solana Beach 
(A"," fr_ Tr~CiIy ...... 1"1 

755-2268 
-

Plid Ad\·trti~ment 

Del Mar Swap Meet an 
A close-by . Flea Market will open October 3rd on the huge 
paved parking lot of the Fairgrounds and Del Mar Race Track 
- in full view of Interstate 5. 
Opening da~' will feature every type of household article. new 
and used. flowers. paintings. rummage. garage goodies. Hobie 
Cats and a $15.000. Ferrari Sitting opposite a restored antique 
automobile. all along with anything else ~'ou can dream up. 

~ f .vou have an urge to clean out your ga rage . or maybe your 
la ther s. and convert the unused accumulation of goodies to 
hard cash. ~'ou may do so easily by exposing your wares before 
ten to thlrt~· thousand buyers. You may also need items for the 
galle\·. bedroom or living room in the new pad. Whether vou 
want to sell or buy. make ~'our move. reserve vou r pace and 

~et read~' for October 3rd. . 
If \ "OU want to sell . you ma.\· ca ll i55-86iO and get a II the info 
reqUired . Such mformation is available on a 24-hour basis . 
Sellers can purchase a 15 x 20 ft. space for $4.00 in the Mall 
.\rea . o~ the~' can pa~' the same amount fo r a Regular 10 x 30 1'1. 
pace. trom "'hlch they can sell directl~' out of their car or 

panel truck. The Mall area is reserved fo r tables onl\' . The\' 
can set up their table within the Mall Area. unload a'nd then 
mO\'e their ca r to a nearb~' parking location. from which they 
~an easil~' resuppl~' their tables. Sellers are required to mov~ 
In and set up between the hours of 6 AM & 8 AM in order to 
accomodate the BU~'ers who will be allowed in at 9AM. 
Ser\'omation-Duchess. the largest caterer in the world . will 

suppl~' the food and drink and there will be man\' tables and 
beach umbrellas spread around for \'our convenience and 
respite. . 
Pool ~'our used books from last year. take a table and sell them 
to the nell' fresli faces mO\'ing into . "our geolog~' and math 
classes. sell that Honda or Kawasaki that slips its clutCh. 
If ~'our imagination can dream up any other goodie and ~'ou 
need further information on how to be an entrepreneur dial i$S-
86iO for basic information. If questions still persist. call our 

offi~ at the Fairgrounds Administration Building - i55·11640 
and we will fill in the blanks. We are open from 8: 30 AM to 
4:30. Monda~' through Friday. The iSS-86iO number is available 
on a 24-hour basis. 

Horf rr o ( :LD }t"O(; LIKE TO BE A 
ROCK & ROLL STAR? HOTI' 

ABO(-T A CO( '1\TER-Cl"LTl-RE 
HERO? 

UCSD's student-operated radio station, KSDT, will soon be broadcasting to 
the general public on the FM bond . We need your help in becoming the 
boldest experiment in communicatio ns since the invention of the d ixie cup 
and string . Come to our new home on Matthews Campus, Q 314 at 7:30 
p.m _ on Wednesday, September 29th and hear all the hot news. 

lIS' A ..... DE LA PLAYA 

.... u,·*, 

&"""'" " .•. ,., 
••• t., 

r.,. , I •• , 

OPE1VING on or about 
OCTOBER 15th 

Imported and Domestic chee e 
in bulk, cut to your requrement 

Come infor a taste. 

Gourmet and Specialt) food from 
all over the world. 

Cocktail and Parry Delights 
Gifts - .Uailing Pack 

7523A Fa . Ave on Drur;y Lane PlaJlfJ 

Tuesday, October 21, 1971 Triton Time, Page 11 



~"Jannouncements 

tuesday 
Meeting - 8 p.m. in Blake 
Lounge for all persons 
interested in assisting with 
the Friday and Saturday 
film series. 

wednesday 
8 p.m. - "Should the USS 
Constellation Sail to 
Vietnam?" Operation 
Jericho Dialog between 4-
star Admiral John S. Thach, 
USN (retired) and Mr. John 
Huyler, former ' US Naval 
lieutenant and aviator who 
was discharged as a 
conscientious objector . 
Moderated by Campus 
Pastor John George Huber 
at the lounge of University 
Lutheran Church, 9595 La 
Jolla Shores Drive, all 
welcome. 

5 p.m. - Ecumenical 
Student Suppers resume in 
back room of University 
Lutheran Church, 9595 La 
Jolla Shores Drive. 25 cents 
all welcome. Friendship 
and theological reflection 
follows in lounge for those 
who stay. 

There will be a meeting of 
all men interested in 
playing intercollegiate 
soccer in the gymnasium 
classroom at 8 p.m. If you 
cannot attend please call 
Maureen, X2275. 

friday 
Movie - "Gimme Shelter" 
in the gym. 7:30 and 10:30, 
75 cents . 

saturday 
Movies - "The Seventh 
Seal" and "Orpheus" in 
USB 2722. 7 and 10:30, $1. 

Registered voters of the city 
of San Diego may sign the 
Coastal Zone Height limit 
initiative petitltion 
Tuesday, Wednesday and 
Thursday in Revelle Plaza. 
Proposed ordinance calls 
for a 3O-foot height limit 
along the coast of the city, 
excepting downtown San 
Diego. 25,855 signatures 
required to get the issue on 
the June ballot. 

Bayside Settlement House 
needs volunteers. Daytime 
activities include delivery 
of food commodities, 
tutori ng of elementary kid s, 
and working with groups of 
elementary kids. Night 
activities include working 
with teenagers . Other 
activities include local 
political organizing and 
speCial events. For more 
information call Frank 
Caprio at 239-6570. 

Testing Service 
Announcement 
The following exams will be 
offered at UCSD during the 
Fall Quarter, 1971.Graduate 
School Foreign Language 
Test - Oct. 9, 1971. Last 
date for guara nteed 
registration with $3.50 late 
fee, Sept. 22, 1971. 
Graduate Record 
Examination - Oct. 23, 
1971 . Last date for receipt of 
registration form by 
Educational Testing 
Service without $3.50 late 
fee, Oct. 5, 1971. The exam 
will also be given on Dec. 11, 
1971 at San Diego State 
College. 
Reg,istration materials and 
information on the above 
tests are available in the 
Registrar ' s Office , 
Matthews Campus 102 or by 
contacting Lana Seagraves, 
X2200. 

American History and 
Institutions Exam - If you 
have not taken one high 
school unit (one year) of 
American History, or one-
half high school unit (one 
semester) in .American 
History 'and one-half high 
school unit (one semester) 
In civics or American 
Government and are 
interested in taking this 
exam, please contact Lana 
Seagraves, Registrar's 
Office, X2200 during the 
first two weeks of Fall 
Quarter. 

advertisements 
for ourselves 

MOTOR VEHICLES 
MOTORCYCLES 

MOTOR SCOOTERS 

, 

QUIET ZONE 
FACULTY OFFICES 

CLASSROOMS • 

PROFESSIONAL 
DRAFT COUNSEll NG by 
competent UCLA Law 
School grads : four year 's 
experience. Free interview. 
239-4080. 

EUROPE-ISRAEL-EAST 
AFRICA 

One way and round trip 
student flights . Inexpensive 
student camping tours 
throughout West and East 
Europe, including Russia . 
SOF A Agent fOi !ntpr-
European student charter 
fl ights. 
CONTACT : 
ISCA 
11687 San Vincente Blvd ., 
Suite4 
L. A., Calif . 90049 
TEL : (213) 826-5669 

PROHIBITED IN 
COURT 

AC / DC Male Eskimo wants 
to swing with hung 
Doberman stud. Have 
papers. Satisfy your every 
need through Triton Times 
classifieds. 

REFRIGERATOR 
NEEDED for starving, 
hard-working newspaper 
staff . Used or abused frig 
will do as long as it's very 
cheap . Call T R !TON 
TIMES, Xl016. 1017 or drop 
by 117 Blake Hall on 
Revelle. 

Page 12 Triton Tim •• . Tue.day, October 28, 1911 

NOMOTO"RCycl:is 
OR 

MOTOR SCOOTERS 
BEYOND THIS POINT 
~ .",. 

DISTI NCTIVE TYPI NG 
IBM EXECUTIVE 

Service on schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the 
end product. Helen, 459-
8828. 

I 
lassifieds 

EUROPE, $220-245 round 
trip. Also Middle East and 
Japan . ESEP, 17613 
Queenswreath Way, Irvine, 
Calif. 92664. (714) 833-8060. 
ESEP-UCSD members. 

ail to: ________ ......... 


