
triton ti 
v ....... 13, "."""r 4 University of Ca'ifornia, San Die,o Fri." Apri'6, 19" 

Kahane Tells of Jews' Betrayal 
Frank Phil/ips ff ' . I d I . . Sf ff W 't 0 ICla s an compu sory courses In all Jewish schools on the 

a " er Soviet Jewish que tion . 
• Rabbi Meier Kahane. described as the "dynamic leader" of In discussing the role 01 Jew in the world Kahane 

the Jewi h Defense League. told approximately :100 persons commented that ther i " a Jewi h liberation movement and it 
Monday afternoon that the "Jewi h people have been betra~'ed is called Zioni sm and it i a beautiful thing. It ha taken th 
throughout history and the time to take action again t this form of Israel. and all Jew hould support It." When d ked 
betcayal is now." Kahane told the audience of tudents and about JDL upport of the war in Vietnam. Kahane aid that th 
adult that the apathy of Jews "caused Auschwitz,and it will average American cannot distingui h between " important and 
cause it again unless you do something." Kahane' peech was unimportant wars." The JDL upports the i tnam War 
preceded by fears of planned disruption and charges that an because in that wav there will not be confusion in th minds of 
Diego JDL Leader Sol Dann interferred with the sponsorship of Americans as to \vhy omeone would support Israel and not 
the event. ietnam. 

Rabbi Kahane 

Kahane arrived at Me:10l flanked by two stone-faced 
bodyguard . A representative of the UCSD Jewi h Student 
Association. which sponsored the event. objected to Kahane's 
bodyguards sitting on the stage, but the duo remained . This 
representative told the TRITO TIMES that local JDL 
Organizer Dann was very uncooperative in informing the 
JSA about details of Kahane's appearance. 

Kahane, whose appearance was preceded by rumor that 
campus radicals intended to disrupt his speech. called for "a 
Jewish recognition of Jewish problems." He said Jews have 
been concerned with such matters as civil rights for Blacks. 
which he said is " fine ," but it is time "for the Jew to come 
home to his own roots ." Kahane contended that Jewi h people 
have been betrayed throughout history. He said President 
Franklin Roosevelt betrayed American Jews by not going to 
war with Germany earlier than he did . 

Jewish Betrayal Because of Fear 
Kahane said the betrayal ha taken place because "Jews are 

obse sed with fear . "The Rabbi offered the program of the 
JDL as an example of what Jews can do to make their 
influence felt. The JDL offers a ten-point program designed to 
improve the plight of Soviet Jews. Among the actions 
advocated by the JDL is the end of all talks with the U·S S R, 
an embargo on trade with Russia, harassment of Soviet 

Keating Issues Debate Challenge 
JeH Graham eliminate student government 
Staff Writer salaries altogether. Karl would 

"I hereby challenge Diddo like to reduce harply the 
Clark. Paul Kaufman and any $30,000 in salaries that the A.S. 
other pre idential aspirant to paid out last year. 
a public debate to be held the Since students are unwilling to 
week before elections. The work with the A.S. 
tudents have a right to know go\·ernment. he would like to 

the viewpoints and po' ition of decentralize. to give individual 
the ca ndidates. and no college governments more 
candidate who refuses to responsibilit~·. more power and 

publicl~' debate is fit for more mone~·. To in ure that 
oflice." de cla re A.S. tudent opinion is clear to all. 
presidential candidate Karl and is acted upon. he would 
Keatmg. Keating i trying to hold frequent referenda. 
ups t a student government keeping the polls op n long 
.. stabli hment" that he feels enough for a large pI' portion 
has ignored or oppo ed tudent of tudent to be able to vote. 
wi hes for lour wars. Kea ting informed th Triton 

Karl Kea ting would like to Times that of the ii.OOO that 
dra w at t e nti on to hi the A .. brought in last ~·ea r . 
\\llI ingne s to take a tand on 30.000 went into the alarie of 
specillc i ues. a tew. At pI' en!. th radiO 

o Compul ory A Fee sta tion . K DT. th Triton 
He belie\'cs that no student "Times, th ommunica tion 

should be compelled to pa~' Board and the Program Board 
student bod\' fe s if he feel a ll use A .. m ney to pa~' some 
that the A' ociated Students of til ir elll plo~'e . H noted 
organiza tion doe ' not work in that while K DT bookk eplOg 
his inter st. If elected. he i Ie than p rlec!. it app ar 
would rei use a stipend . and do that some K DT salari 
e\'erything in his power to a high a 1.800 to 

annually. The total savings of 
approximately $20,000 would be 

pent on more lectures. 
peakers and on concerts with 

big-name group . The 4.300 
saved on tudent government 
stipends would be pecificall~' 
earmarked for programming: 
lectures. concert and dance . 
Onl\' the " ecretarial sta lL 
which Karl con ide I' to be 
nece sar~·. would remain. at a 
cost of about i .OOO P r year. 
Students who joined the A .. 
voluntarily would be repaid by 
di counts at tudent function : 
those that all nded man\' 
would find A. . membership 
worth their while. 
" Financial Independence" for 

Conce sion 
He seek to make the 

Coffee Hut, Wi ner and 
cripp nack bar " financiall~' 

independent if possible" Th ~. 
have hown them el\' to be 

It -supporting and hould 
succeed e\'en more a U 0 
expa nd . nd er hI 
admini tration. therefore. the 
A .. would end all ub idie for 
them : if mone~' was given . it 

Renaissance Carnival Planned for May 
Last Thursda~' night the Rites of Spring 

Committee held one of its first organizational 
meetings for the Renaissance Carnival. planned 
for Mav 1 from noon until dusk . It will be 
followed b~' an AS spon ored rock concert in the 
gym. 
. Tentativel~· planned. the fair will con ist of 
lun. food . jugglers. fire-eaters. etc. There will 
also be carnival booths. This is where ~'our help 
is needed. Clubs and other interested groups 01' 
peoples (dorms. Yippies. etc. I are asked to run 
booth and pick up some money for themselve . 
These booths will be supplied b~' the Rites of 
Spring Committee. and will al 0 be highly 
ubSidized . 
There will be another organizational meeting 

in Blake Hall Informal Lounge at i :3O on 
Thursda~·. April 15. The booth are not onl~' 
for games. the,' can also be used for such thing 
as lIing fOOd . displaying and selling your 
handicraft . or whate\·er. 

Help i needed in the following areas: 

Booths Tom i55-i:l6i 
Food Holger i55-6:110 
Entertainment Olivia 454-1993 
Decorations Jan i53-0663 
Stage t-up Tim :1:14-9i53. 
Clean-up Steve :1i4-4680 

Also. an~'one interested in performing at the 
carnival i urged to contact Olivia at 454-1993. 
Thi include all ingers. fortune-teller . 
theatre groups. musicians etc. etc. Plea 
~contact her as soon as possible. 

We need lots of help and are open to all ideas ~ 
This Renai sance Carnival cannot be a ucces 
without your upport. 

Remember the meeting on Thursda~·. Bring 
your ideas ~ ~ ~ 

We need lot of help and are open to all idea ~ 
Thi Renaissance 'arnival cannot be a ucce 
wlthou t \'our support. 

Remember the meeting on Thursday. Bring 
idea!!'" your • . . . --Rites of Spring Committee 

would be considered a loan. 
If A. . membership fees 

were volu nt aril~' paid . 
candidate Kea ting explained. 
then tudent government would 
be lorced to sati fv the 
student . Large amou'nts of 
tudent taxe could not be 
pent on project that invoh'ed 

only a few . 
" The A.. government 

cannot adequately ferret out 
the wi he of the student . In 
contrast. the college 
governments can." Keating 
declared. Therefore he plan . if 
elected . to turn over half to 
two-third 01 A. '. income to the 
college government. in 
amount proportional to their 
re pective tud nt populations. 

In repl~' to qu tioning. 
Keating expre sed him elf on 
everalle er Issue . 
" I upport 100 per cent the 

right and Ireedom to 
demon trate. But I upport no 
d monstration that mfringes 
upon the rights of others" he 
commented about tud nt 
prote t. He noted that 
tudent governmert has no 

di ciplinar~' power '. but 
indicated that he p r onall~' 
approved the u e 01 tho e 
regulation the univer ity ha ' 
to avoid criminal activity. He 
does not defer to "academic 
immunitv :" what is illegal off 
campu . should be illegal on 
campus. 
Expression for All Viewpoints 

He wa asked if he would 
pre ure profes ors teaching 
predominantly from politically 
lefti t material , Keating is an 
out poken con ervative I. He 
an wered that through the A .. 

advisor~' repre entative to the 
Acad mic Senate. he would 
" en ourage profe ors to 
maintain high tandard . to 
insure that all viewpoint . 
radical. liberal and 
con rvath' ar expre sed:' 
He seeks to discourage 

Ic.t ...... ,..e J) 

JDL Not Traditional Wants Action 
The greatest part of Kahane's hour long speech was taken up 

with a discussion of the contrasts between what he said is the 
program and tactics of the JDL, and the tactics of traditional 
Jewish leaders. He said that " when I was a boy, Jewish 
leaders would go to the White House once a year and meet with 
the President for 45 minutes, and that was generous because 45 
minutes is a long time for the President to give. The leaders 
would come home and tell how much time the President gave 
and Jewish people would impressed. ,. 

" \" en a ked what the President had said the e leaders 
would say that the Pre ident said the plight 01 Jew had the 
ympathy of him. That was fine . But when the people a ked 

what el e the President aid . the leaders had to sa\' that the 
President said he could do nothing. And it ended ihere. and 
dnother year would pa s. and the same thing would happen." 
Kahane said that now. thanks to the effort of the Jewi h 
Defense League. some Jew are not accepting ympathy. 
Kahane said. " these Jews want action." 

When Kahane fini hed his peech. San Diego JDL Leader 
Dann commented that he hoped the student attending " had 
learned something about the pride and glory of being 
Jewish."Kahane·s appearance caused mixed reactions among 
per ons attending the meeting. Many felt that Kahane 
expres ed sentiment which needed to be in th open. 

Jewi h Student Calls Kahane a 'Threat' 
Among the more vocal opponents of Kahan I Vavid 

Buchbinder. co-chairman of the Jewi h tudent Coalition of 
San Diego. who told th TRITON TIME that Kahane "i a 
very dangerou threat to the Jewi h population of the nited 
States. He i a threat in that he appeals to people's fears in the 
same manner as did Hitler and talin . In other word . he i a 
totalitarian. Hi group has the potential 01 fo tering more anti-
emiti m in thi countrv than the Black Panther could in a 

hundred yea r of propaganda ." Buchbinder said he didn't feel 
Kahane has significant support among college tudent. but 
" high school students don 't have as much an understanding of 
totalitariani m. and thus are attracted to Rabbi Kahane." 

Cafeteria Cutbacks 
Revelle Commons Renovations 
Planned to Attract More Eaters 

Rose DeCosta 
Staff Writer 

Renovations to make Revelle Cafeteria a more enjoyable 
place to eat is one way the niversity will attempt to attract 
more students to its eating facilities . 

According to William Borsari of CD's bu ine s office. 
these " ... renovations will be aesthetic one . Drape and 
partial carpeting will be u ed for noise control . and po ibly 
the use of divid rs to break up the room." Thi . Borsari feel . 
will have a two-prong effect in initially attracting cu tomers . 
and thus re ulting in more funds to improving on service and 
efficiency. 

First con ideration i being given to the Revelle cafeteria 
because it will be serving the bulk of the m al . Thi deci ion 
wa made becau e Muir and Matthew cafeteria are 
pre ntly operating at a 10 . Al 0 because of great demand . 
Revelle will re um it weekend operations next week . At th 
beginning of thi s quarter. it wa clo ed on aturday and 

unday . 
Hi -Continental' 60-day notice of contract termination du 

to excessive 10 e has put the Univer ity in th po ition of 
having to take over their own eating facilitie . In the next lew 
week . Bol' ari will be meeting with represp.ntative from each 
of the college to urvey the eating racilitie and com up with 
a suitable plan for next year . 

One decision already made i that the caf t ria will op rat 
on a ca h only ba is. Tom Hull. Revelle ' olll'ge dean. leel that 
the cafeteria operation mu t be on a olid finan ial ba i . 
ca h onl~' policy will be a more table finan"ial arrangem nt. 
In the pa t year . the in r a ing number of r? 'Id nt going off 
the optional m al plan ha made th finaO( 'lal arrangement 
extrem lr un table. 

The idea of a compulsory m al plan for (I ,tipn " Ii ' I"~ "" 
campu ha been reje ted . 

Many qu tion regarding next year ' caf teria operatIOn 
are till being con id red . In !Jue tionin who will be put In 
charge of these operation . Hull y. " . think it i lair to y 
unofficiall. that Holly Holm i on of the nam that will 
taken into con ideration.·· 

ICoII' ..... pqeJ) 



UCSC Bldg Hit by Fire 
UCSC's Cenl"al Services 

Building was severely 
damaged by a fire that started 
between 1 and 1: 20 Thursday 
morning. Chancellor Dean 
McHenry estimated that 
$650,000 damage was done to 
the building which housed most 
of the campus's administrative 
off ices. 

A UCSC spokesman said that 
25 per cent of the building was 
gutt e d , includi ng the 
Chancellor 's Office, Academic 
Personnel, Student 

Registrar 's Office, and and 
part of Admissions. Some 
records in Academic Personnel 
and the Registrar 's Office may 
have been destroyed. The 
remainder of the building was 
damaged by smoke and water. 

The fire was under control by 
4:02 a.m ., according to the 
Santa Cruz Fire Department, 
after nine unit s and 
approximately 50 fir emen 
responded to the blaze. 

The fire was under control by 
4:02 a. to the 

THE HAPPY WANDERER ••• 
UADED IPUIIII, nac. oa GDIIAII 
QUICKLY, EASILY &lID d&UDiii&LY ... 

At a Sullivan Language School. Be a 
happy wanderer by traveli ng the world with 
a second language at your command . 
Get to really know the people by 
speaking theIr language. 
It's only common sense. 
And common courtesy. 
Learn Spanish, French or 
German - step·by·step, on 
your own schedule, with a private 
Instructor, at a fraction the cost of 
most language courses. Call your 
nearest Sullivan Language School 
to arrange your first lesson FREE. 
There's no obligation, of cou rse. 
Remember, the bilingual traveler 
is the happiest wanderer! Get ha~)pY'~-. 

2022 CAMINO OEl fl lO NORTrl · SAN DIEGO CA 920 11 

SATURDAY NIGHT FILMS 
Ingmar Bergman's 

All These Women 

plus 

Michelangelo Antonioni's 

l'Avventura 

USB 2122 Silows of ':30 & 10:30 
lielcefs avoildle Ure, H." Box Office 

AND A T THE DOOR 

C. AL LOt' O O ,,",III0U NO T AI' 
MoI,lI .. .,., .. , 'un 

M~, ]0' .. ¥'f", , 21' 
Jullf 1 1 w~ , , 2l!1 
'WII" 2 l'lf", S, ll! 
lUll" I) 4 W .. , So24' 
Junf I ~ "w .. , .. 2.4. 
JtoIlI,11 lfhil.l ~".l 
J .. II,;n .w~, ,24, 
Jvl., I' 4 W", ,2.' 
Jul, 14 a l'v.. , ,2.' 
Jul,lJ .,.,., ,:U' 
JtoII., zs· ""Io, , 24t 
J .. ty 21 "w.." un 
A .. , • • ....... , H4, 
A tolt • .. w~, ,1., 
:-e'~1111~~~~', ~~~t!r~ !:~::J'~'~' ~ '., 
"",PI,(" , ..... .. I m 0,,1011 1'1 11 • • 
at".,1 "0'" OIPl LA &. 0 .... 
I"na 

A .. t 1.0 • W'" ,1l1 
Au, 21 ' .. w .. , ",]!I 
A .. , H ) 'fI", , ll' 
Sf 0 1 !! .. WII' , 1n 
!toto. 1 ) W'" , 11' 

~~~ n ! ::: Hn 
t:OAOPE '0 LU;' .0 · '~ "I t~ 

J!.1t,,., 1 J LOft LA ,1.1' 
10 Sut It 
MU' 21 A,." lA 

Ollt ""'" , 100 
Mol,. lD 1.011 0' '' '''"0 

ont ... . f , 100 
JII"f 2 loG" LA 

ont ""',., ' 100 
LOS ,o,NGELU 10 ,-ONOON 

!tofO I 1'" ' 12" 
OU 1 \I ;ZS 
0(.1 ,.. , 'l!! 
Otl • " " 

Sorry limited to Un iversity of Californ ia studenh, shft , faculty 
• .nd family . 

Additional d.tes on ,equest . ·PI •••• •• 11
' 

-------------------------------------

1605 Forest Way 
DelMar 

-Pagt2 TrltanTintI Fridly, April 9, 1971 

Santa Cruz Fire Department, 
after nine units and 
approximately 50 firemen 
responded to the blaze. 

The cause of the fire is 
unknown and under 
investigation by local 
authoritie s. When asked 
whether arson was suspected. 
an SCFD spoke man sa id that 
the only ev idence uggesting 
that the ri re was set wa that it 
pread " very rapidly:' A ue e 

s pokesman uggested that 
electrica l wiring may have 
caused the I ire. 

.. ;,-fut 
~~ 

Resource/uln e .. 
psychology. becoming 
iu uel. philo oph y 
childr~n ', book , 
ficti.on. POt!l'y 
delight 
joy 

EARIH.SONG 
BOOK STORE 

U . . &: ForeYin 
paperback. 

mG&'dzine:. 
poster! 
record. 

cords 

1440 Camino del Mar Del Mar 755-4254 

ASTRANGE STORY 
STRAN GE PEOP LE 

a 
garden of 

sensuality 

• 

AS scbool bus plunges downward / Bearing students safely 

bomeward / Into the Carmel Valley 

I I~fiii;:iu;iiii~~~ 
1 L.A. to LONDON I ~;~ UP'OST~~ SIU I ' :~l 
I return from Amsterdam I::: _ ::'1". or ,"II< _ , ::j 
I I ::: rr:t ..... :,.'I~. = ::i It ..... U/Sopt. 15 S 26' (:: rio. ~'=t''': =: :;:: 
tJUM 2I/ Sept. 7 '.'1 ::: ::~~~~~l~'-=: '::: 
IJ_25/A",.26 $26'1 r "2""llIOnl' - . 3 n $350 J I .... 26/Sopt. ~6 $ 26'1 '.' • I • .:.: :.: ff •• tot' Z1l n. PM .... " sa.. :.:. 
Is.,.o. 2 0.. w., I. A... SIltl :;: HlIn.r2n,p,'n.l4n.S1J1 :::; I I :.: ' ow orl .... 1 ""' __ . ... !til'" :.:. 
II..,rNdiol. tichting few diKOI.Int fligim london to I ':' ......... """"tII fiN Pat I .. tfttrM • • :.: r ......... " S 77. taAfhen.S52.1O. to hmboyS I50. :.: Se"lt tMcl. eatIt .. ".0. "" C.O.O.) 10, :.:. 
I .. Nairobi $ 150. ''''to c/i" ..... . , .... . od I :::HIGHLAND HOUSE :::: I......,·"'·df;o.... I'" .:.: 
ICooI., 0.. _Ie. (lUI277-S200 .. 179- 1 ;;; P_O. lox "73 Sill Di ... Co. 921~::; 
I JOt 1 <I. - ,,_.t . .. 75 $0.,.I0I0 .... 1.'1 :.: I have enclosed $ .. . - .. - ...... :::. I=H: _______________ I ~l: N~:;::: :.::::::::::::::::::: ~jj: 
11Irw. ___________________ 1 :;; Add ress .... . . -.. --.. -.. . .... :::~ I 0If' ---------------- -11 ~;~ City .. - - .. . .. - .• . - . - . - ••.. • •• 1l~; 
'====111111.::: Slale .. .. .... . Zip .... - .. • .. T :::: ~ ~~ ... -.............. -........ --............ ~ •........... -.......... : .• ,: 

. .. . ..... .. . 

THIS WEEKEND TO 
KEEP YOUR HEAD 
OUT OF THE SAND 

THE COFFEE HUT PRESENTS 
THE BARREL HOUSE 

BLUES BAND 
FRI. - SAT. 
AT9PM 

IF YOU CAN'T 
SAIL INTO THE SUNSET 

RIDE THE 

COAST CRUISER 
TO DEL MAR INSTEAD 25<; 7·8·9 a.m. 5-6-7 p.m. 

LAUGH ... LIVE ... 
ROLLER SKATE 

WEDN(t~Po~!.h ~.P.~IL 14 
TRI CITY ROLLER RINK 

212 S CEDROS 
SOLANA BEACH 
30~ 7-11 pm 

Keati ng ... 
(Continued from page 1) 

po lll lc lza li on !l Ithe classro m. 
K ~a tin expressed a desire to 

see th e hIgh academi c 
tandard . of lJC D maintained 

as the curnculum become 
mor II' xlble. On thi s basis. he 
would nco urag e tbe 
Academic Senate to weaken 
nei ther the language 
requirement nor the American 
History and Institutions 
requirement . "The History and 
Institution exam is a minimal 
requirement for anyone that 
wishes to take an active role in 
Amencan sociely .. , he stated. 

II elecled . he would trv to 
force a change of procedu r in 
ca mpus rad io station KSDT. 
He charges that stud nts are 
res tricted from being disc 
jockeys beca use the\' don't 
so und a though the,' ~I'ere on 
KPRI. The met hod of selection 
should be by iolter\' or bv some 
objecti ve standal:d such itS 
degree ot li cense held by 
appl!canl. Student are being 
retamed at a sa lan ' wh ile there 
are ma n~' others' who would 
willingly work for tree. he said . 

Convocation on Muir Requirements Proposed 
Frank Phillips plan he chose to complete. tha t he teels hi s proposa l is discussion. outgoi ng Mu ir 
Stoff Writer In expressing his leeling better than the pre ent plan. Dean Alan Ba tchelder said 

An all-da ,' convoca tion of that the lacul tv has not had Several professors aId Ihat that th " whole diSCUS ion 01 
faculty and students to suffic ient informa tion to the.v would prefer leaching requ iremen t changes bore . 
discuss the proposed plans decide on any changes. clas s that tudents are not me to death," He said that th 
was suggested at the end 01 Professor Gusfield sa id he required to a ttend . One facult,· wa nOI aware ol 'lhe 
the Muir College Facult\" would like to have evidence professor sa id that hi d sm; 01 students. Provo t 
second general discussion' 01 that tudents are dissati fied experience has shown tha t tewart said that he was 
pr opos ed cha nge In wi th the present fre'shmen tendto do beller in agai nst adopting any proposal 
gradua tion requirement . requirements. Don Bright. required cour es than upper at the Tuesda~' meeting 
Sociology Prolessor Joseph student member of the Muir divi sion studc nts. The level 01 becau e of the sma ll turn-out. 

Kea ring acknowledges the 
Triton Times to be the major 

ca mpu~ newspaper. a nd a 
uch wnuld gl\'c it the major 

share 01 n \\' pape r funds. The 
se('o nd(l n ' ne ws pa pers . 
Journa l 01 oplllipn such as 
Dimension and Third World 
would be I uncl ed les but 
fu nded . He dl ;lrges that 'th is 
has not alw; .. s been the 
case. 

Cafeteria ... 

" I would encourage the 
reorganization of the Thi rd 
Co llege Council on a one-man. 
one-vote basis. ra ther than on a 
ba i ' proport io nal b,· race 
because th present s\'s tem i~ 
unfa ir to Thi rd 'College 
tudents ." he a l 0 commented . 
Karl Keating is a double 

major in Ma thema tics and 
HisLOry. At pre enl. he is editor 
of the ca mpus new paper 
Dimension . though he would 
r esig n if e lec ted . Hi s 
pe rmanent address is in Long 
Beach, He would li ke to work in 
polit ic alter gradua tion. but 
has no thoughts 01 ever running 
tor public oUke , 

(Continued from page 1) 
UC D Ca leteria Schedule 
This schedule will take effect arter the noon meal today 

RErELLE CAFETERI1 

Breakfas t 

Lunch 

Dinner 

Brunch 

Dinner 

Monda v thru Satyrday 
i A11 - IO AM 

1l :30AM- 1:30PM 

5 PM -6: 30 PM 

unda\' 
--... 

BAi\I- 11 AM 

5 Pi\! - 6:30 PM 

RE\'ELLE COFFEE SHOP 

" onday thru Friday 

II A ~ I - l P:\1 
The :\Iuir and :\Iallhel' cal eterias and coll ee shops will not 
opera te lor the remainder 01 th i quartel' 

Sea World 

Gu sfie ld . mak ing th e College Council. aid that the da s i lowered ince Stewart told the TRITO:'\ 
uggestion. sa id that most there is a disparity between most of the student hale put TIMES that Prolesso r 

faculty and tudents have not what is said about the college off taking the clas b cau e Gu lie ld ' proposa l fo r a 
had a chance to compare and in the ca talogue and what a the.r a re not interested in the con"ocati on 01 lacult,· and 
discuss the variou proposal Student actuallr encoun ters subject. Patric k LedLlt, students may take pllice on 
being offered. Provost Stewa'rt said that agreed. sa~' ing that he e nJ o~" Sat u r d a ,I' . Apr i l l i . 

The Tuesda,· afternoon there i s widespread teac hrng students who want to \l can wh ile. the lacult \' 
meet ing began' 30 minutes dis ati s fac t ion wi th the lake his clas es. rece.'sed their di scu Ion 
la te because of a lack of a present college program . and Toward the end of the until Tuesda~' 
quorum . Ma th Professor 
Patric k Ledden earched the 
campus and \\'a able to 
gather up enough strar 
faculty members to achieve 
the necessary quorum of lO 
persons. ;'vluir Provost John 
Stewart expressed regret that 
more faculty members did 
not a t te nd " s uch a n 
important mee ting." 

S tewa rt opened the meeting 
with a propo a I tha t the 
faculty adopt a dual system of 
gradu ation req uirements. 
Und e r Stewa rt ' s pl a n 
students would be given the 
option of completing the 
requirements ror a degree. 
using either what is called 
plan IB or plan II. Plan IB 
require students to take 
three course sequences in the 
Hu manit ies and Soc ia l 
Sciences. The student would 
be additionally required to 
take a sequence in either 
math or science. as well as a 
cultural trad it ion sequence 
using a foreign language. The 

onl ~' req ui rements under plan 
II are that a student com plete 
45 cour e and have a major. 
Study Com mission Proposed 
Stewart proposed that the 
facult~' provi ionall.,· adopt 
his proposal and se t up a 
commi ion to r port back on 
:\Ia,· Ii as to the leasibil it r 01 
ha~ing the two plans. He Sa id 
he I' It both plans hould be 
a dop te d . or ne ith er , 
Literature Proles or :\Iichel 
Benamou uggested that a 
tudent would receh'e a hI S 

degree. either a B.A. in ;\Iuir 
'o ll ege or a B A. 01 Muir 
o liege. depending on which 

Draft Bill Would Let Nixon End' 
Many 2-S Student Deferments 

WASHINGTON, D.C. (CPS) - House of 
Re~resentatives' vote last week extending the 
mtlltary draft two years might mean the end of 
student deferments, beginning with this year 's 
freshmen . After House liberals had failed by 
only two votes to limit the extension of the draft 

. to one year, efforts to forbid the sending of 
draftees to Indochina, then outside the U.S. both 
were resoundingly defeated. 

. The House bil l. which must face a test in the 
Senate before becoming law. gives President 
:'I ixon the au thorit r to abol ish student 
deferment . Selective Service Di rector Curti 
Tarr has sa id that if given this authoritv. the 
President will abolish all college deferments. 
and revoke the deferments of am'one who had 
not been in college prior to April 13. 1970. 
. The bi ll also. limits Conscientious Objector 
!obs to agencies 10 government. or public 

tn~lI tulions which have diffi culty linding 
eligible and qualified emplol'ees. and extend ' 
the alterna(ive service period for COs one I'ear. 
LO three ~·ea rs. This will elimina te all pr'ivat 
hospital s and other private institutions. uch as 
church . . serv ice and draft coun eling 
orga nr za llon . a pos Ible employer of CO 
regIst rant '. . 

The elective ervice Manpower Ac t 01 196; 
expil' July I thiS year. There are several bi lls 
before the nate Armed er\'lces Committee to 
abolish the dratt. but all are given li ll Ie chance 
of pa sage. 

In an ell ort to pu r enltstmellls. the House 
voted ali billion mili tary pa~' ,"crea e lur 
fi rst-term err icemen. While the :\ ixon 
admini stration propo es the pa~' increase a a 

wa ~' to sup po ed l ~' " move toward the.goal of an 
alholunteer lorce" the more crucial r ali t\' 
which militar.,· planners lace is a lcadil;' 
dec reasing enli tment and re-enltstment rate. 

meaning tha t enlistm nts must be somehow 
increased whi le maintaining the dra ft. in order 
to meet existing troop commitment . On I\' nine 
House members voted agai nst a fo ur-rear 
extension of the la ll' in 196;. There were 99 I;otes 
ag~inst . a two-year extension thi year. Rep. 
OtIS Pike t D,, \,Y.I said the court-martia l 
conviction of LI Will iam L. Calle\,. Jr. for the 
murders at MyLai will make ii even more 
difficult to attract volunteers, " We wil l need all 
the money in the bill to get them ." he sa id . 

The bill freezes a "militan' fo rce level" at l .ti 
mill ion per on . and lor the first time provide 
that draft-age men I under 301 mav serve on 
local draft boa rds. The bill refrains from am' 

. basic change in (he operating proced ures of the 
more than 4.000 semi-autonomous local dralt 
boards . 

The private Insti tutions which would be 
barred I rom emplo~'rng CO reg i trants now 
employ 59 per cent of the nation 's conscientious 
objector . accord ing to the :'iational 
Interreligious Service Boa rd tor COs and 
verified b~' the Selective er\'lce The to tal 
num ber of COs has doubled in the pa t rear. and 
the increase Irom two to three \' ar . tor CO 
work will mean huge increase In the CO job 
necessar~·. COs working in alternati"e r\'ice 
jobs III the future mIght face the dilemma 01 
taking loyalty oath I required 01 all federal and 
ma n.,' ta te jobs I lor theIr objector Job . 

Th lei considerable speculation among 
draft cou nselor' that :\ixon will propose th l 
Spring an expanded ' \ 'olunteers 01 America " 
c.ombining exisll n \, I:TA . Teacher orp. etc. 
and alternative service jobs. And it is likely that 
more COs will continue to be granted, to try and 
weed out potentially disruptive elements withi n 
GI r~nk s. forCing dissenters into the lengthened 
clvlltan government service. 

A Whale of a Good TIme . A Fl1NKYFlbM! 
Last Saturday from B to 12 entered Sea World you were 

UCSD hosted Triton :-iight at - gI ven a treasure map and clues 
Sea World . The excursion ancf which directed you to most of 
1II0St 01 the 'urpnses (hrowl1 rn the important finds. Luckily, 
along the way turned the night the . answers were hidden 
II1tO a memorable experience. among the animals, which led 

The Sa t u rd a y pa r t y one to find . among other things , 
germina ted from an idea in the that the average weight for an 
head of Bert Kobayashi. He. octopus is 100 pounds. and that 
With the help of the Scuba Club. if you add that with the weight 
masterminded not only· the of an average lobster. six 
entrance into Sea World but pounds. you would have one 
al 0 a clever and ingenious answer to the whole mess. 
treasure' hunt which baffled Confu ing. isn't it'? 
and entertained all the Another method of fi nding 
participants. answer wa~ going to the shows. 

Kobayashi who ha been where clues were alway ~ given. 
responsible for many of the After going to the tl rst show no 
ucce sful ventures of the one had to twist my arm to get 

Recrea tion Department . me to go to the others, for the 
launched a trea ure hunt which show at Sea World were 
olfered at the end of its 
rai nbow an eight foot round 

excellent. The tirst show I went 
to wa the Puritas Water show, 
which combined lights. water 
and sound a ll in a milieu which 
was extremely pleasurable. 
Other hows included Shamu, 
the killer whale, being ridden 
bareback by some lunatic : also 
a walrus playi ng Co~boy and 
Indians with some seals. All in 
all Sea World was a ball. The 
TRITON TIMES. repre ented 
by Mike Klayer , Doug Cheshire 
and myself , managed to get 
away with three of the first five 
prizes. which wasn 't bad . From 
all the folk s that went to Sea 
World . I offer my thanks to 
Bert and the people who put it 
all together. I hope you can do 
it again some tim . 

water bed as first prize . Among 
other prizes were dinners at 
Atlantis and boat and scuba 
trips to Coronado. 

TilE WI NINe I\ E\' 

The treasure hunt and the 
whOle party were set in an ideal 
location. Sea World offered a 
plUSh cenario for a night of 
fun. The hunt was designed to 
gIve the hunter a firlt-rate 
view of Sea World. while 
casually aDd sublly ,Ivl", out 
clues left aDd ript. AI yau 

L8 

Rote are red. 
Viol~t are blu~. 
Thi I Ihe mark, 
01 my siller Sue. 

1,000,000 or Ie sl 0 

LORD KELVIN's CA RD 
+ E+ W _ 

The world of Bogart,Cagney,Wayne, 
Greenstreet, Laurel & Hardy,Chaplin ... 
and CAPTAIN FLASH and his fight 
against crime and THE SAT! 

" I RECOIylMEND 'THE PROJECTION IST' TO YOU ! A DE LIGHTI Much JOy 
lor movIe lovers and. even movie likersl It made me laug h and SIgh and 
le.el good about movIes! Tell s you where movie making is at. A technica l 
triumph!" - JP.lf lrfl C" . t. "" •• rot"".I"" "' 

"A very lunny lunky new 111m which should become the 'Into lerance' or 
at least Ihe '42nd Street' 01 1971 f~\! film bulls everywhere. A must not 
only. lor the cineastes and cu ltists but lor the kind 01 people who love 
movIes or once loved movies." - 8.,". rd 0". C .. ,.", ,, fII •• , s""." 

"Chuc k McCann has all the claSSIC 
moves 01 the best slapstick perform-
ers .. WIth almost as much dexte ri ty 
as Chapl in I " - Joe etlm". Lonl" '. nd Ht.vI. , 

... ... . CHUCl McC ,tNN • '...... , 
- "C', t(l(U -..:. l OONI 't O" "'C,(UlllO 
II(HNKOlO.-~I .. -, _... i:' 



tiIlles 
UnivwIity of c.llfornili. SIn Dileo 

u Jolla, t.llfomil 12037 
(7141 453-2000. txt. 1016, Ad¥ertjsiftt 'ICt. 1017 

Haywood Gammon. Editor·in·Chief Jeff Fried. Businen Manager 

,he eclit«ials .xp'"," below.,. approved lIy the TIlTON 'IMES Editorial 1oImI. AI othor opinion. 
• .". ..... on this pogo or. those of the author. whose namo • .".. in the ItyIines, .rIII do not 
__ iIy rofIoct the views of the TI"ON TIMES. AnYON cI.siri .. t. wltmit motorial to ... published in 
this section .hovlcl .ncI it to the Eelitorial Di,ector, 'InON TIMES, 117 IIok. HoII, UCSO. 

"Calley Secretary of Defense" 
The war in Indochina has once again 

served as a backdrop for that par-
ticular madness known as popular 
American morality. It is a morality 
that calls the Berrigans criminal for 
pouring blood on the Catonsville draft 
files and decorates young Navy pilots 
for dropping napalm on "free fire 
zones ." It manifests itself through 
token political actions like driving with 
headlights on during Moratorium days 
or wearing black armbands to protest 
the war. 

And now a new moral stance has 
been taken. around the "Issue" of Lt. 
William L_ Calley's conviction and 
sentencing for the murder of 22 
unarmed civilians at My Lai. The 
nation has erupted with protest : a 
draft board resigns en masse; 
veterans of other wars and other 
atrocities turn themselves in to local 
jails; a record entitled "The Battle 
Hymn of Lt. Calley" sells 300,000 
copies in three days ; and In Georgia an 
American Legion rally featuring 
Wallace and Lester Maddox has a sign 
that reads " Calley for Secretary of 
Defense." 

But more important than all this 
verbal and visual outpouring of the 
national conscience (and its as usual 
village variety being dispensed in San 
Diego) is the rationalizing morality 
behind the "Free Calley" movement. 
The anti-war liberal faction says that 
Calley is just an underdog scapegoat 
and should be released, since nobody is 
guilty if everybody is guilty. The stars 
and stripes conservative faction says 
that Calley is just an underdog 
scapegoat and should be released, 
since he was simply following orders 
and doing his job. 

Both these factions have on occasion 
explained My Lai through conditions of 
war in Indochina - difficulty of telling 
friend from foe, grenade-bearing 
women and children, unseen booby-
traps. However, what happened at My 
Lai cannot be justified by these 
acknowledged realities. There was 
absolutely no potential danger from 
women and children which had already 
been searched and forced to huddle in a 
ditch . When Calley decided to sum-
marily execute those 22 human beings 
he put himself beyond the pale of any 
rational justification much less a 
moral or legal defense. 

It is entirely possible that those 
women and children participated in the 
defense of their village and helped 
resist the Ameri('ar advance into My 

Lai. They may have been responsible 
for the deaths of some of Calley's men. 
But, th is is a fact every soldier of every 
war has had to face about his 
prisoners. It is not generally known 
that Calley would be just as guilty of 
what he has been convicted for if those 
22 civilians has been informed North 
Vietnamese. 

Though his conviction may ease 
some consciences and make some 
higher military people feel more 
secure, Lt_ Calley is no scapegoat. He 
does not deserve to and will not spend 
the rest of his life in prison for our 
collective sins in Vietnam_ What he 
personally did was reason enough and 
totally justified the jurors' decision. 

This decision in no way atones for 
what happened at My Lai. In fact, 
there is a need for a complete 
"cleaning-up," which means more 
trials and not an attempt to somehow 
justify Calley . Anyone with .any 
military experience at all realizeS the 
ease and regularity with which the 
brass escapes responsibility for their 
decisions through such actions as the 
Calley trial. But now even this little bit 
of justice in Calley's conviction has 
been usurped. The tragic moral im· 
plications of the cheap political 
maneuver which put President Nixon 
at the head of the "Free Calley" 
movement make it necessary to 
thoroughly condemn his arbitrary 
overhaul of the judicial process. 

It is obvious that at the first sniff of a 
popularity windfall Nixon and all those 
rallying behind Calley have chosen to 
completely ignore the facts of the case, 
!:pecifically that Calley has been found 
guilty in a court of law for ending the 
lives of those 22 Vietnamese citizens at 
My Lai. 

To ignore these dead, as the "Free 
Calley" morality has done, is to ex-
press once again the "gook" syndrome 
that is responsible for this massacre, 
for the devastation of Vietnam, and 
perhaps for the entire American in-
volvement in Indochina. 

The syndrome holds, in simple 
terms, that one Vietnamese, or any 
foreigner for that matter, is somehow 
less valuable than one American. 
Given this jUdgment, it is easy to 
justify "protecting my men" by 
machine-gunning civilians, or invading 
other countries with American troops 
to "save American lives," or even 

(Continued on page 5) 

triton tiIlles 
Now. De pI 
Ed Boyle 

Ediior-in-C hit'f .. 11 u \ " 0041 I,am /lIUII ,~" DeCo .. o 
.. ". . ( ' I \ '1 Bobbie Fink t,,~ Ed,lor . . .. . . . ar l" Ittri!t'r JeffG,ohom 

!\1ana!tin!t Edilor ..... " \liJ..t' J..la ~t'r Rabe~IM,lIer 
l ' Op' L-dl' tor Chltt·J.. ( . rahalll Oebb .. Mon'gome'Y 
'V : r. . . _. . .' ' .. Fronk Phillip. 
Bu rnt's :\lanallwr .•••... J df I- rt l'fl CI'ff Po.' 
EdilorialUirt'r tor .. Raultl Cutltrt' r,,- Mo,k S,egel 

. ( _. t ' d ' (I J Barbaro Simon 
.-\ oflal(' . It~ • Iinr . . , "ell o~ ner John Zoll.r 

'lui" ~ "in 
.-\rt. Edilor . ....•.. . Tt'rr~ BaraJ.. ~!:~'McKenno 

IS purl. Editor .. . .... Ilu r l. ~ lIalfull Allan Sekula 
Pholo!traph~ Edil.,r .•.• John ZlIlln Geo'\jt Salon, 

Contributors 
J,m S,II. 

Phologrophy 
Jon Franek 
Man Hlnlon 

Arh Oepartment Ad .... ,titing 
Tom Bee' Doporl",onl 
Joy G,IIeHe Mark lrill,ng 
lorry Joh""on Sv,on Cod.I 
Sorgun TonI Mo"y S.I.in 
Ken 80rne, 
Can-" RICk.y s.crola,iaI SI.H 

SI ••• Coh.n 
Ass ' I Managing Ed. Sf> '1 C Ih Joe EO".rn 110 0 oun 
Co my Shall,k C.py D'porl""nl 

Debbie Mon'gomllY 
',odu,tion G'-no SChr ..... r 
Doyt Bu(hblnder 

The 'ltTON TIMES " ofll"ally 'fiognllod and .upporled O. a "udenl n ..... poper by Ih. Communi,ohon. Soard 
of the Uni ... ,;!)' of Col,farn,a. Son 0"\10. lu,ldong 250. Mollh.",. Compu,. La Jo"a . Colilorn,o 91037. Publ"ohon 
i. twice ,. .. Idy on l .. odoy. and Flldoy •. Off,," 010 Iocol.d ,n roo", 117. Ilok. Hall. on the .... 11. Com,.... For 
Ad .. rli.ing phon, A~3 · 2000 . X 1017 , fo, .d,'orial or n .... , phon. XIOI6. 

..... 4 TrHln Tm. Frldly, April 9, 1971 

"yo,,'rt Right! He Really Ctm Hack It . .. 

-

Beyond "Beyond Racism" 

Recently the Triton Times 
dipped below its normal 
standard of journalism with the 
publication of ,. Beyond 
Racism" by Vincent Hollier, an 
article attacking tbe critics of 
Third College. Such was the 
coarseness and crudity of the 
thought expressed therein tbat 
most of my colleagues reacted 
with amusement rather than 
anger; yet I could not 
conscientiously let it pass into 
the minds of students without 
at least a minimal response. 

To begin to sort out the 
assorte d banal i ties , 
contradictions , and 
misconceptions in " Beyond 
Racism" is a formidable task 
in itself, and I only have time 
and space for the more 
offensive aspects of hi s 
thought. Mr. Hollier 's basic 
point seems to be that criticism 
of Third College as raci t is 
unjustified because "they don 't 
know (about racism ) and could 
care less about it." I assume 
this applies to the writers of the 
"throw-away papers", who 
include (besides the well-
known undergraduates, Roger 
De Laix, UCSD Professor of 
History <Ph .D, Princeton), one 
who should hopefully be 
somewhat more educated than 
Mr. Hollier. As for them caring 
about racism, it seems highly 
dubious that Third College, or 
its collegiate counterparts 
across the country, would exist 
without the help of its white 
supporters. 

Nothing can validate the 
criticisms of Third College 
more than 1IIr. Hollier himself. 
Presumably a product of its 
"education" , he exhibits the 
very tra its-the sha 11011' 
dogmaticism, the obstreperous 
rhetoric, the tropistic call to 
" revolution", and yes the 
" reverse racism " - that one 
can see urfacing in the wa~er 
of Thira College. The author 
states, among other eloquent 
things, that " what they label as 
racism and what racism really 
is are about as different as 
being on the giving and 
receiving ends of an ass-
kicking." It may be assumed, 
then, that he supports the 
" compensatory " racial 
discrimination in hiring and 

Kevin Olsen 

admittance, the exclusion of 
students and professors from 
classes on the grounds of race , 
the whole "so long as it's 
black" mentality that is an 
undeniable aspect of Third 
College. To accept such 
practices is to accept a view of 
man that denies the reality of 
human individuality, and its 
corollary of freedom. Such 
factors as education . 
philosophical convictions, or 
individual diversity ar e 
irrelevant because only blacks 
can teach black studies, only 
Scots can teach golf, etc. If, as 
Hollier states, Caucasians "are 
not concerned with real 
si tuations of denied freedoms 
and racial oppression", the 
same can certainly be said for 
him. 

He then takes us on a pseudo-
philosophical journey th at 
transcends mere politics, with 
the enlightening di scovery that 
racism is dea d among 
"progressive peoples" , and 
such generally-accepted facts 
as " whites as a race are still, 
for the most part, hated 
throughout the world ." He 
centers his attack on " the 
chickenshit way of thinking" 
that is part and parcel of the 
repulsive " white way of 
living." It is unclear, bowever, 
just what makes up the " white 
way of living." Is it belief in the 
free marketplace, belief in a 
moral creed, belief in the 
tradition of organic rather than 
revolutionary change, belief in 
the ideals of social justice 
under the law and individual 
responsibility ? I s the 
"chickenshit way of thinking " 
the use of rationality and 
empiricism, with a political 
realism based on a sense of 
history? Perhaps "Oreos ',' and 
.. Uncle Toms" gravitate 
towards honky culture for other 
reasons than being 
"whitewashed ", sir. 

The author wraps his 
conclusions in vague vaporings 
like " realization of one's full 
potential in 1i£e" and " the 
expansion 01 mind and spirit to 
cosmic heights", but the 
pathetic extent of his 
indoctrination can be traced 
through such phrases as "Goa Is 
that will spell the end of 

America as it is now known" 
and •. " .the job of building a 
system to replace this obsolete 
white one." He never exhibits 
his political colors, but such 
stock phrases are part and 
parcel of the absurd neo-
Marxism of the New Left. 
Hollier is guilty of the blind 
generalizations, categorical 
accu sations , and general 
coarseness of thought" ("pigs 
on a shooting spree" ) that one 
would as sociate with a 
Marcuse. It is hard to reconcile 
such thought with 
"contributions towards the 
formulation of fresh new 
humanizing goals." 

Mr. Hollier is open to 
communication from whites, I 
would remind him that racism 
is a worldwide problem, and 
that no major nation in 
recorded hi story has been free 
from its evils. Cubans in the 
" worker 's paradise" detest 
blacks, as do British socialists, 
while Jews are the object of 
hatr e d by Russian 
Communists. To blame racism 
on whites, or capitalism, or 
America, is to engender the 
very type of thinking that one is 
fighting against. Third College 
is indeed a promiSing concept, 
but it is giving birth to methods 
that are nothing less than 
totalitarian and bigoted in 
nature . At this crucial point in 
its hi story, those who are 
concerned should not be led 
astray by Vincent Hollier and 
those like him, and the 
darkness of their thought. 

Student Power Rather Than AS Power 
::'. Diddo Clark ~:: 

~t The Associated Students should be responsible for spending a million and a half ::~ 
!:: a government composed of all students dollars a year in student funds-less than 5::~ ~~ banded together to see that we get the best percent of which goes to student :::: ~:: deal from the university. A.S. offices should organizations or student projects. I t~,ink it :::: 

~:: be into service to III students. should be the job of the A.S. to see that more ::: 
r::: I'd like to see the A.S. become a real of that money gets into the hands of student ::~ 
:::: student advocate netw .. rk. People elected to groups. :::. 

~~ A.S. offices should become experts in how I'm running for A.S. president not to get ::~ 
:::: this school is run and how to get things done. camp grounds and trailer facilities on ::: 

~: Every group of students with an idea for cam pu s, com m u n i ca te wit h th e ::: 
~~ something that would be good for some administration and community, and get a ~:~ ~:: students should be able to count on the A. S. decent food service on campus - I'm ::: 
~:: for money and help in cutting red tape. already working on those - I'm running ::: 
:::: Every quarter when we pay our fees , because I want to help the Associated :::: 
:::: $106.00 of it is supposed to return to us in the Students become a body that can help other :::: 
:::: form of grants and services. Six of the 106 students make the changes they want to :::' ::~: dollars are allocated by the Associated make. When you have ideas about things that :::: 
~:: Students. The. other hundred is controlled by should be done, tell me or send me a note :::: 
~:: the RegIstratIon Fee Committee, a group of through the campus mail (box 6529 ). The :::: 
~:: four undergraduates and eight others system is going to change. Power to the ::~ 
:::: appointed by the Chancellor. They 're people. .;.; 

E;;~T~"g~;~W;>~'k~'~'d"'rj';;;ITh"~'''~~ 
Service Now Offered 

Beginning immediately, the 
Student Health Service is 
starting a new system for 
providing competent, personal 
medical assistance for UCSD 
students during evenings and 
weekends when the Student 
Health Center outpatient 
service is closed. 

A med ical doctor will be on 
call and may be contacted 
through Edna, the UCSD 
information center . 

H you need medical help 
becau e of illness or injury just 
dial 453-EDNA. The operator 
will need to know the name of 
the student and the telephone 
number. Wait by the phone and 

V. Robert Allen, M.D. 
you will be ca lied shortly by a 
physician. You can then discuss 
the problem with the doctor 
and he ca n give you 
instructions and arrange to see 
you if necessary. He will be 
able to direct treatment and 
can handle all problems 
regarding surgery 
hospitalization, or admission"to 
the infirmary. 

This medical service is 
provided without additional 
cost to all registered UCSD 
students, but it may be 
necessary sometimes for you 
to get a prescription filled at a 
pharmacy at your own 
expense. 

--~-

VI ETNAMI tATION . P~OGI2-E5S 

Our physicians on call are 
well qualified and very 
understanding. We hope you 
will like this new personal 
service, which will be similar 
to private care by your family 
doctor . Should there be an 
extreme emergency, such as a 
serious auto accident, do not 
wait to call EDNA, but go at 
once to a hospital emergency 
room for care. The Student 
Health Service physician on 
call should be notified as soon 
as possible. 

Remember. for medical help 
after hours, call 453-EDNA. 

., 

Exercise Important to Health 
James Hervey Johnson 

Vigorous health demands vigorous exercise. 
In these days of cars, people have gotten tbe 
habit of riding instead of walking. Modern 
technology finds every possible way to "save 
labor" to cut costs. However , there is only 
partial compensation by the somewhat 
increased leisure time and decreased physical 
activity. 

Driving to school or work, taking an elevator, 
si tting down a II day, drl ving home, ea ting a rich 
dinner, then sitting down again to watch TV is 
not conducive to physical activity. Lack of 
physical activity causes flabby bodies and 
flabby muscles, and contributes to flabby 
thinking. 

Exercise and Sex 

The benefits of exercise are enormous. To the 
young, sex is an important subject, even though 
it is the custom to try to keep it under the rug. A 
strong, well-built body is attractive to the 
opposite sex. This is nature 's way of trying to 
select the best specimens for reproduction. The 
powerful athletes attract the girls and the well· 
built bodies of the girls attract the men. They 
compete in trying to show attractive legs and as 
much of them as possible. Men are more 
interested in looking at legs than in considering 
a woman's domestic capabilities. And there is 
nothing like plenty of pbysical activity to 
develop strong, healthy attractive bodies. By 
exercise we do not mean a few minutes of 
calisthenics in a gym or in the bedroom, 
although they are not to be discounted. 

The wise, health-minded person ought to try 
to get in two hours a day of physical activity. 
Not only the legs should be used, but the upper 
parts of tbe body as well. 

The heart and lungs are stimulated by 
exercise, to pump blood to all the body and to 
get oxygen to keep the blood clean and the brain 
efficient. Only foolish people substitute 
poisonous tobacco smoke for life-giving oxygen 
in the lungs. 

There is exhilaration in jogging, swimming, 
brisk walking and other forms of vigorous 
activity. Why not go with your frienJs for a good 
hike instead of taking a ride in perilous auto 
lraffic on highways polluted by exhaust fumes? 
You will find a hike in the big parks and along 
the ocean or bay front not only beneficial to 
your health, but also enjoyable and interesting 
in the many things you will see , and you can 
enjoy the companionship just as well in walking 
as in sitting down talking or watching TV 
propaganda and commercials. The way to be 
sure is to try it. Set aside some time to take a 
good long brisk walk every day. A mile or two to 
start is not too much. The health club walkers, 
when active, hiked 10 miles every Sunday, 

Calley. 0 0 
(Continued from page 4) 

staging armed in. 
tervention to 
"safeguard American 
interests. " 

visiting with each other and seeing the siglits as 
they improved their healtb. 

All Orgln Benefit 

Besides stimulating the heart and lungs, 
exercise is beneficial to all the organs. Open-air 
exercise is good for the skin. It will give you a 
pink complexion instead of the pale, gray dead 
color most people have. Some will get a healthy 
looking tan. 

As we examine the records of those who have 
lived to be 100 we find that nearly all of tbem 
engaged in physical work, on the farm, or as 
laborers, artisans or domestics . The people they 
worked for are for the most part long since 
dead. 

Good physical activity stimulates the appetite 
so that food tastes better and you can eat your 
fill without the fear that you will pile up rubber 
tires around your waist. 

Those with naturally-inspired hunger enjoy 
simple foods , while those who take little 
exercise have to pamper their appetites with 
condiments, especially prepared food , cocktails 
before dinner and all that rot. Nature knows 
best. 

Good Habits for Best Results 

The wise young person will tryout vigorous 
pbysical activity for greater enjoyment in life. 
You can 't make your muscles sore by trying it 
for a few days and hours and losing interest, but 
must increase it gradually until your good 
habits are formed to get the best results. 

There are many with pallid unhealthy 
complexions, even gray or yellowish, who could 
change their color by vigorous open-air physical 
activity. Some with spindly legs and skinny 
arms, unattractive to the opposite sex, could 
change their whole life by the plan. 

And one of the major advantages is that a 
strong healthy body with clean air in the lungs 
and good circulation increases the ability to 
think faster and more clearly. 

Natural Health advocates have found that 
plenty of exercise is as essential as good food 
for the best health, freedom from sickness, 
greater sex and eating enjoyment and a longer 
life. 

Instead of watching games In the field , or on 
TV, we recommend substituting either playing 
in the games, or using the time to engage in 
vigorous physical actiVity yourself. There are 
countless wasted hours in lazing arou nd which 
could be spent much more profitably much 
greater in outdoor activity. Leave your car 
home for a change and walk a mile or two to 
school, to the market or the bank. You will be 
richly rewarded, and at absolutely no cost. 

BIG TIME RADIO 
ON CAMPUS? 

But Vietnamese human 
beings are not " gooks;" 
they are not I ittle dogs or 
insects to be killed with 
impunity and praise. To 
condone such crime by 
allowing the convicted 
murderer to be free 
under house arrest is an 
affront to whatever 
humanity remains in this 
country and a mockery of 
its increasingly 

SCHEDULED 
AIRLINE 

discredited system of 
law. It is therefore time 
to discard the moral 
rationalizations that 
surround the Calley case 
and the entire Indochina 
war, and to use the My 
Lai trials as the begin-
ning of a responsible 
national maturity that 
will not allow such 
atrocities to happen 
again : not now, not ever. 

.. ..-, ...... ,,_ ... 
_I & therapeutic 

BISHOP 
ASD tSTROIX.'CING 

) 
ARTS, RECOHDS PLl'lO'o.S. Ht'IIDEH tXT" 
'PLEBlASeC~MO." " l'OU~ BOOKSTOME 

KOST plans to begin 
FM broadcasting 

next year. 
What do you knew what YOUR 

student radio station? 

What do you know _t wh,r, YOUR 
"'S art Hi .. spent? 

Issues and Answers 
, 

Wednesday April 14 
5:00 

Conference Room A 

A 

EUROPE 
c~lrUr 
Jlig_11 $229 ROUNDTRIP 

BOEING 707 
STUDENTS 'STAFF'FACULTY 
--------.-,----Phon. 755.6253 
..... L' .. Brent 8aker ... 
, 00_, .. 1605 FoNttWay ... 
CI" ........ DelMo,._ .... . 

WATERBEDS 
'IV';' ¥l ;~, 

AIR f'HAMI:.·· 
KING $5500 
SIZE 
......... 1, Intt.t 51", 

Tile Waterbole 
....... 

leo-KI I 

If 

4212 
til Cotjooo ...... 

,.. "' .... 11'" ,.Iet "d .. 
we H. '-"" r.,. 

- , .... -,... ..-Is~"" 
.......... ,.l!" 
No ..... udh 

Sto, III aM s •• JoIIII 

PAC~riC 
Y.l.MAK~ 

.... " •• t I" 
Icifie lit... '11-'" 

FrtdIy,April t, 1971 TrHlnTm. hilS 



Stone Ground 
Irs been over two yea rs since 

the SONS (then known as the 
Sons of Champlin, after the 
unspoken, soft-spoken leader 
Bill Champlin) first captured 
the hearts and imaginations of 
San Diego audiences with their 
music . After one year 's 
abstinence from public 
appearances , the SONS 
reappear, refreshed and as 
vital as ever, in two very 
special shows on Saturday and 
Sunday, April 17 and 18 at the 
University of San Diego gym. 
Adding their collective talents 
to the shows will be the Elvin 
Bishop Group and the ten-man 
(actually six men and four 
ladies) group Stone Ground. 
Festivities start at 7:00 PM 
both nights ( .. Room for more 
music that way." j with tickets 
priced at $3.00 advance and 
$3.50 at the door for non-U.S.D. 
students. 

The show is sponsored by the 
Associated Students of U.S.D. 
and is being produced by Direct 
Productions, Inc. the Sausal-
ito-based company who 
recently brought the 
Quicksilver/Boz Scaggs 
concert to San Diego State. The 
reason for two separate shows, 
according to Tony Berardini of 
Direct, is to create a more 
"ballroom-like", comfortable, 
intimate atmosphere than is 
possible with larger facilities 
like the Concourse or the Sports 

POSSIBILITIES 
Arena. This can be done by 
limiting the capacity each 
night (" 'we 're going to stop 
selling tickets while people can 
still breathe and have space to 
move around. ") without 
sacrificing overall capacity. 
For this rea on, it is 
recommended that advance 
sale tickets be purchaSed to 
avoid disappointment, since 
both shows are likely to sell 
out. 

For ticket information call 
U.S.D. box office. 

"Fantasie" 
Oboe and English horn player 

Nora Post will present a recital 
in MC409 at 8:00 p.m. , Friday, 
April 9. Miss Post, a junior at 
John Muir College, is 
majoring in theoretical studies 
of music. Presently she is 
principal oboist with the La 
Jolla Civic Orchestra, and also 
performs in the UCSD 
Chamber Orchestra and the 
San Diego Symphony. 

The program includes a 
Tomasi work for oboe and 
percussion ; an oboe 
"Fantasie" by Johann Krebs, 
who was Bach' s assistant and 
finest pupil ;' " Three 
Romances" by Schumann; and 
a quartet by Telemann for 
flute, oboe, bassoon, and 
continuo. 

Miss Post will also perform 
two contemporary works for 

solo English horn , one by the 
American Barney Childs, and 
the other by Dutchman Juriaan 
Andriessen. Both of these 
works are being prepared for 
the Gaudeamus International 
Competition in Amsterdam. 

Live Ele(troni(s 
Pianist and composer 

Richard Grayson will be on 
campus on Tuesday, April 13, 
to give a noon concert in 
MC409. 

Grayson 's concert will 
include two very unusual types 
of music: improvisations in 
historic styles 'lnd live 
electronic music. 

Live electronics, as used by 
Grayson, present a 
ka leidoscope of sounds formed 
by the use of a ring-modulator 
and a variable speed tape 
recorder modifying the sound 
of the piano. The modulator 
can change the tone of the 
piano in various ways, while 
the tape recorder is used to add 
echo and variations in pitch. 
The modulator was invented 
and will be operated by Tom 
Oberheim. 

Funk You 
GRAND FUNK RAILROAD, 

the most intriguing rock 'n roll 
phenomenon today, will make 
their San Diego debut 
Thursday, April 15, 8:00 p.m. at 

the Sports Arena. Appearing 
with them will be another new 
group, BLOODROCK. 

GRAND FUNK is less than 
two years old. In that short 
time, its three members, Mike 
Farner, guitar; Mel Schacher, 
bass and Don Brewer, drums 
have appalled those critics who 
ignore them by arousing a 
special enthusiasm in all their 
followers. . 

As far as their personal 
background is concerned. 
GRAND FUNK is literally 
unknown. All three of the 
members hail from Flint, 
Michigan ; but they seem to 
prefer avoiding the press , 
although the media can only 
report fantastic success. They 
are making plans for a world-
wide tour this year and have 
recorded four gold albums in 
four months : " On Time," 
"Grand Funk," "Closer ' to 
Home. " dLive"and they havea 
fifth on the way: '·Survival. " 

BLOOD ROCK a sextet 
hailing from Texas, will open 
the show. They are well known 
for their single, ··O.O.A.· · and 
now have a new album on the 
market entitled. " Bloodrock 
3. " 

Tickets are $4.00, $5 .00 and 
$6.00 and are available at all 
Sneaker Inns, Bill Gamble's 
Mens Stores, Central Ticket 
Agencies and the Sports Arena 
Box Office 1224-41761. 

"Monody II" 
.. Monody II," a concert 

featuri ng contra bassist Glenn 
Block. will be pre ented in MC 
409 Saturday, April 10, at 8:30 
p.m. and is free and open to the 
public. 

The name, "Monody II, " was 
taken from a long , 
unaccompanied piece for the 
bass by George Perle which 
Block will perform. In 
addition, he will perform Elliot 
Schwarz ' "Sonata for Violin 
and Double Bass" and the 
"Adagio" from Bach's C-major 
Toccata for the organ. The 
finale from the Dvorak Cello 
Concerto and Sydeman's "Trio 
for Flute, Violin and Bass" will 
also be performed. 

Zuni Indian 
Poetry 

Jerome Rothenberg, visiting 
Jl'}et and Regents Professor 
with the Department of 
Literature, will give a public 
reading at the UCSD Art 
Gallery on Monday, April 12th 
at 4:OC P.M. , devoted to a 
presentation of Dennis 
Tedl ,' ck's experimental 
transla, ions of Zuni Indian 
spoken narratives. Rothenberg 
describes Tedlock 's work as a 

I~ading example of the new 

24 Hour Str,j" 295·1 717 

PRECISE INCOME TAX 
Ours is the best! 

Your home or our oHice. 

Special attention · to students and 
faculty . Guaranteed to love you 
money' Blul Chip Stomp.. Com· 
petent, professional, accurate. 

YACHTING _ 
SUMMER ' • 
POSITIONS 

The American Yachl ing A>IOCIJ' 
lion wilh 1i;ling> on Ihe EJ,1 
COd I , We;1 Coa,l, Gull Arcd, 
and Ihe Gredl Ldke, I IOlici ling 
for ,ummer crew appliCdnl,. 

PO>l lions dre dvailable for 
e~perienced d; well d, inexperi-
enced male dnd f emdle college 
;tudenb dnd grddudles. Experi· 
ence in coo king dnd child care 
md Y be pdrlicularl\' helpful. 

Crew ing alford, one Ihe 
opportunilY 10 earn rea;Goable 
um; while engdged in preasanl 

oUldoor aClivilY. 
To apply Iype a I page 

resume follow ',g as clo ely as 
pos,ible lhe form ,hown below. 
In April your rhume will be 
edil ed. prin ~d and 'en! 10 
dppr oxi ma '< ly 1500·2500 
(depending on ared) large craft 
owners. 

RESUME FORM- ( I) name, 
addr",; (home and ;chool), 
phone number, age; (2) relevant 
wor~ or recreallonal experience; 
(3) dales avail.ble and .rea(s); 
(4) 2 or morc ,Iuden" wishing 
10 work logelher , , Idle name of 
olher par lies; (5) other informa · 
lion, 

end lour rc,ume I\'ilh $6 
prGGe sln'g fF~ 'P ' 

Amer icdn Y dctHing A"o lalion 
SUlle 503, 8730 Sun,el Blvd . 
Lo, Angeles, C.lilorn id 90069 

Your re,ume musl be received 
no laler Ihan April 15, 1971. 

.. total translation" and a 
breakthrough that shows that 
oral narrative (which, like all 
speech. is made up of .both 
sounds and silences) must no 
longer be translated as prose 
but as "something-like-verse, 
since prose doesn 't in fact exist 
outside the printed page." He 
adds: "Like all poetry of the 
avant garde, Tedlock 's 
translations make a previous 
body of work obsolete: in this 
case the prose translations that 
until now have pas ed as a true 
picture of oral narration among 
the old tribes ... 

The reading is part of a 
seminar in ethnopoetics. whiCh 
is itself "an attempt to 
understand the relevance to 
our own lives of the poetry and 
thought of tribal peoples." 
Future public presentations 
and guest readers in the 
seminar include : a reading of 
Jerome Rothenberg's .. total 
translations " of Navajo 
chanted poetry; Armand 
Schwerner 's reading from his 
Tablets and American Indian 
translations lApril 26) ; Simon 
Ortiz, Pueblo Indian poet 
lApril 23) ; Emmett Williams 
in a performance of " Ianguage 
happenings" (May 3) ; 
intermedia pieces by Dick 
Higgins (May 19 ); Jerome 
Rothenberg 's Poland 11131 as a 
mixed media 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
lor services 
Tues. thru Sat. 

S'!7""'t 
2sc;BEER 
entertainment 

nightly 
Silverado & Fay 

La Jolla 

'Dlvis ClmIfI 
ITUDm 1IIIfr1~\ 7711 r.y 4 9- 55 

NAIA Championships 

Tritons Expected to Toke 
Volleyball ' Regionals Saturday 

Mike Roth' 
sports writer 

Tomorrow UCSD's gymnasium will be the 
scene of the District III volleyball playoffs to 
determine which two teams will represent 
Southern California in the NAlA championships 
to be held at Irving, Texas, April 23-25. There 
will be six participating teams in the 
tournament : UCSD, Claremont-Mudd, La 
Verne, Pomona, and USIU . 

Having won the national championshi p last 
year 1 in which no other West Coast team placed 
higher than fifth ). the Tritons are a pretty safe 
bet to walk away with the regionals. Thus far 
this year they have taken first in a city 
volleyball league, and walked off with their own 
tournament in which La Verne and USIU also 
participated. 

The Triton figure to receive their toughest 
competition from the Westerners of USIU. who 
placed second in the tournament held here 
earlier this year. However UCSD shouldn't be 
touched by any of the other teams. Coach 
Millenbaugh understated the situation when he 
said, "m be very disappointed if we lose." He 
went on to say that the team now is playing 
better than last year 's champions during the 
final tourn ment and that the Tritons have an 
excellent chance of going all the way again. 

This year the UCSD team has initiated a 
different style of attack that promise greater 
versatility and excitement. This offensive 
formation i commonly referred to as a (),O. and 
it differs from last year's standard 4-2 offense 
by releaSing an extra man for the spike. 
According to volleyball rules_ of the six players 
only the front three are allowed to approach the 
net for a kill off the set. The old offense 
de ignated the center man a setter. which 
allowed only two men on the sides to act a 
hItters. 

Fishing Fun 
. T~e UCSD Fishing Club is planning several 

fl hmg trips this quarter. 
!he first will be a half-day deep sea fi hing 

tnp WIth an open fi hing conte l. The person 
With the mo t fish ~i11 win a rod and reel. The 
next trip will be to Henshaw Lake by Julian for 
lake fi hing. 
.Que lions concerning the club should be 

directed to Ken Taniguchi 224-1048. 

The new style of play brings a man up from 
the back line to set, allowing all three men up 
front to hit and also clearing the center of the 
court for a kill. This particular style was first 
introduced successfully by the Japanese 
volleyball teams in the Olympic , and although 
it requires each man to be proficient in hilling 
and setting, when performed well it allows for 
greater range and versatility on the part of the 
offen e. It now has become a standard [or many 
advanced volleyball team . 

The Tritons will travel to Texas regardless of 
the · outcome, since they are the reigning 
national champions. This year ' team is led by 
three returning players from last year 's squad, 
Tim Rose, Earle Holmes, anc! Jeff Gorrell. In 
last year's regional playoffs , Jeff was chosen as 
member of the all-tourney team. They 're joined 
by freshman Steve Hoch, a well known refugee 
from the varsity basketball team who has be('n 
improving rapidly as a strong hitler. Other 
starters inc I ude Bill Adams , Randy 
Richardson , and Maurice Seracini, a transfer 
student from Florence, Italy. The squad is given 
added depth with uch athletes as Jim Kendall , 
Jim Rabe, and Jim Stoner. If all goes according 
to plan. the last time the Tritons will play on 
their home court will be the evening of April 21, 
after which they will immediately take off for 
Texas. 

Play will tart at 10 : 30 a ,m. Saturday and will 
most likely continue throughout the day , 
concluding at approximately 4:30 in the 
afternoon . Two courts will be et up on the main 
floor to accomodate as many games as possible. 
The first two tea ms will be given the 
opportunity to play in Texa . Members of the 
girls' volleyball team will act as official 
hostesses during the tournament, and admls ion 
will be free to all. 

Targets 
at last 

A new ar hery range is to be et up on 
turday. April 10 at 10 a.m. It will be located 

near the UCSD golf range. Plea em t there to 
help set up target , check out equipment. 

Instruction will be availablc- all eal 
Hadley if interested, 453-~. 

Tritons Win 4-0, 13-0 · 

Dynamic Duo pitches two no-hitters 
UCSO ' s Diamondmen 

co mpleted a successful 
afternoon of baseball last 
Sat urda y . thoroughl y 
demolishing Life College 4-0 
fiRST GAilIE 

~: 
Long If 
Walker If 
Van Horn p 
Oimettc( 
Glosson s 
Emkree 3b 
Provenko Ib 
Holtz Ib 
Bellar rf 
Stone 2b 
Johnson c 

~: 
Jenkins cf 
Horman Ib 
Sheperd 3b 
Wright If 
Yockyp 
Bush rl 
Robles 5S 
Pittman c 
Bahde 2b 

AB R H E SB BB SO 
2001012 
100 000 1 ' 
3 001002 
2001010 
2002012 
3 000002 
1000000 
2001002 
3 000110 
3001012 
300UOI 

1100220 
2010011 
3000001 
3010001 
2000012 
3000001 
3000001 
3210100 
2102110 

~: AB R H E SB BB SO 
Van Horn ss 
Glamenz s 
Glossen 3b 
Dim tt cf 
Embr e p 
Hulse 1 b 
. tone 2b 
Snook 11 
Johnson c 
Hober rl 
~. 
Jenkin cI 
Bahde c 
Horman Ib 
tiehllb 

Salllb 
hcpherd 3b 
~Iartinez 3b 
Wright If 
Conoley If 
Pittman c 
Bu h rl 
Roble 2b 
Yokota 2b 
Papagna s 
Lowery p 

2000001 
100000 1 
20 01011 
300000 1 
300000 1 
300100 1 
20 00000 
20000 00 
2000001 
2000000 

2200 110 
2100000 
I 1100 1 0 
1000000 
10 10000 
20 000 11 
2010001 
2110000 
2000000 
4121101 
2 110100 
1100011 
1100010 
4230000 
4120001 

and 13-0 in consecutive no-hit 
games. The Dynamic Duo of 
freshmen pitchers, Pete Yocky 
and Guy Lowry. who together 
have compiled all four wins in 
the Tritons' 4-5 record, wenl all 
the way again , putting down 
the Bible Squad without a hit. 

In the opener, Yocky spaced 
five walks in going the seven 
inning route. striking out 13 
men along the way. The Tritons 
supported him with four runs 
on three hits. by Elmo Wright, 
Jerry Pittman, and George 
Hormann. 

Substituting freely in the 
nightcap, Coach Frank Vitale 
called for lefthander Guy 
Lowry to lake the mound. 
Lowry, with fine support in the 
field, fanned six Life men, 

walked one, and again allowed 
zero hits to come off the 
opponent"s bats. In gaining the 
13-0 romp, the Tritons blistered 
12 hits: shortstop Tom 
Papagna collecting three hits 
at four at bats, and three 
RBI 's . catcher Jerry Pitlman 
went two for four and Lowry 
helped him elf out going two 
for four and knocking in three 
runs. 

Tomorrow the blue and gold 
take to the turf in Pasadena for 
a twin-bill against Southern 
California College. The Triton 
homecoming is scheduled for 
next Thur day ( April 15 j 
again t San Diego State. A 
close game is expected and 
students, faculty, friends, and 
relatives are welcome. 

Water Ski Club Organ izational 
Meeting Scheduled Thu rsday 

Do you remembereelng the CCD \\aler :kl Boat 10 Ihe 
Imddle 01 th plaza se\'eral months ago'> Although II dldn t 
hav anyengm then. I( does now' It eVln pull~ II ater ' kler~' 

Th U , 0 Wat r ' kl lub oflicialh lIelcomes all sludent 
lacull.\ and stall to jOin th dub and ;;lil . ,kl . _ll' 

Yon can njo~ -kung behlr(1 ~!h. l~: Hn In:" ,,,1 J :lk, LUi \I 
with t 12 hp boat throughout sprin!! quart 'r on Tuesday. Irom l 
- 6 00 p.111 and on. aturday frol11 i 30 a 111 - 5 00 pm ' 

n d liar pays tor all your kiln pt'l ddy and ~ 00 cover 
~'our lee IOto the ('( ub. 

FIl: 1 me tlng tor all mterested person I Thursda\ . pnl.5 
at 5:00 p.m, in th PE Cia sroom IGym I You may also go to 
Santa lara point wh n kling I cheduled For furth r 
information contact Dave Bo\\'e . 461·8883. 

Fridly, April 9, 1971 Triton Times hilt 7 



SATURDAY, April 10 
DANCE-Sponsored by Committee 
to Free all Political Prisoners. 
Benefit Dance in Revelle Plaza. 
Food and Music by Life. Noon till 
dusk . 75 cents or donation. 
CINEMA- " Young Aphrodites , 
l ' Avvenlura ," USB 2722, $1 
students and SI.50 general public . 
CONCERT-featuring double bass 
player MC409 8: 30 p.m . 
MEETING Track Meet against 
Pasadena College at MC, I p.m. 

Middle East Folksong and Folk 
dance Association will meet in 
Informal Lounge, 1: 30 p.m. 

SUNDAY, April 11 
CINEMA-" Moana " USB 2722 
Free. 
SUNDAY IGUT SUPPER-5:3O 
p.m . supper with intercultural 
exchange. For info and location 
call XI940. 
FOLK M Easter " Create in 
Me" 10 a .m . at University 
Lutheran Church. 
SPECIAL EVENTS- Lecture , " A 
Risen Christ for a ew 
Civilization" 7:30 p.m . 4569 30th 
SI., San Diego. 

MONDAY, April 12 
LECTURES- " Weight of History 
and Culture in Determining Sex 
Roles" UCSD Extension Series. 
Dr. Lola Schwartz, 7·9 p.m . 
Roosevelt Jr. High School. room 
121. 

" Can Traditional Religion 
Survive?" Univ. Extension Rabbi 
Joel Goor. 7·9:45 p.m. 1330 
Humanities and Social Sciences 
Building. Muir Campus. 

EMPLOYMENT 
OPPORTUNITIES 

CAlIFORNIA·ARIZONA·HAWAII 
Profession.IITr.ine. positions cur· 
rently ... il .ble in .11 fi.lds . For 1 
month's SUbscription cont.ininc h¥n. 
drods of currenl openin,s ... • nd 
JOBS in the SUN 's prov.n technique 
for Ilndina ,..., job! Sitisfaction 
lu,,"ntud . Send $9 to: 

• inthe. 
P.O. 110)( 133 

WI JOlLA, CAllfOlllUA 92037 

hgI' TritanTImts Fridly,AprIl 9, 1971 

READING~-Dept. of Li t. 
presents Jerome Rothenburg , 
translations of Zuni Indian Spoken 

arratives. 4 p.m. UCSD Art 
Gallery. 
YOGA WORKSUOP- 12 noon in 
gym and 7: 30 p.m. in 2C·2523. 
MEETINGS- Wargaming Club 
meeting 11 a .m.·1 p.m . 20-1305. 
Committee to Free All Political 
Prisoners- mandatory meeting, 
7:30 Lower Blake Lounge. 

P .E . - Ladies N-oon Hour 
Conditioning Program- meet on 
pool patio. 

Open AS Council Meeting 
Wed April 14, 5pm 

Revelle North Dining Hall 

tt Easter Egg Hunt 
Find tbe Triton Times Easter eggs. Two large two small like tbe ODes 

below, Eacb egg on a different page. First person to find tbem and 
report tbem to Mike Klayer, Managing Editor, gets the grand prize. All 
otbers get a consolation prize. Happy Easter. G ~ 

YOGA 
IS VERY MUCH ALIVE 

'OM MANI PADME HUM' 
YOGA WORKSHOP 

MONDA Y 7:30 PM BLDG. "2(" ROOM 2523 
MWF 12 NOON AT THE GYM 

Inels • 
Sat. April 17th 

m.ln The Gym 

Tickets 
available 

at Urey Hall 

EUROPE: $225-$2.0. AI.. ISUR 
and JAPAN Spring and Summer 
flights available call 755-3990 aft.r 
5 p.m., or writ. E.S.E.P. -UCSO 
8217 .. verly Blvd., lot A ..... , 
Calif. 

(5*11) 
Europe Jet Chart.r Flitht.. Spring 
Special. March 30 thru June 15 -
$268. Plu. full summer program. 
Call Leslie 5.2-909. after 5. 

LURNTO RY 
RIGHT INSTRUCTION FOI PRIVATE 
COMMIIOAL, INSTRUMENT, AND 
MULTlENGlNE U TlNGS. au IUZZ 
488-0272 

(4*30) 
AVOID INCOME TAX HASSLE! 
Preci .. lncome Tax Servic. 24 Houn, 
your home, or OUr oHic., lOve 
money, 295-17.7. 

(4*3) 
___ . _______ (_R) DISTINCTIVE TYPiNG 
EUROPE/ ISIAEL/ EAST AFRICA 
One way and round trip .tudent 
trav.1 diKounll. SOFA agent fOf 
over 2000 int.r-European .tudent 
chart., flight.. CONTACT: IseA 
116.7 San Vinc.nte Blvd., No. 4, 
L.A. (AUF., 90049. TEL: (213) 136-
5669. 

(6*4) 
CHEAPEST RIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
Charters throughout Europe, Asia, 
Africa, 1"0.1. N.w Y Ofk $1$. IT. 
LAX * LON" LAX * April 3·11 , Eurail 
pa ..... tuclent i.d . card., A,I.S. 9056 
Santa Monica Blvd., Lo. Ang .... , 
90060, (213) 274·.742. 

(4*24) 
Europe chart .... 50 Departur •• , also 
from N.Y., Africa, India, Ilta.l . 60 
per c.nt Off. Fr .. info: EASC, 323 N. 
Beverly Dr., Beverly Hill., Calif., 
90210. Phone:(213) 276-6293. 
(5*11 ) 
EUROPE CHAITERS , Several 
schedule. from $250 roundtrip, 
$150 one way , Coordinator: 
Profeno, Margaret Paal 247 
Roycroft. Long Beach. 90.03. 213· 
438-2179. 

(4*24) 

For Sale 
WATER .EDS Tran.lu"ent 
Gua,ant.ed to infinity. Wid • 
selection, .hape. and siz." 6' .7' 
King .ile $34.50. twin.ize $29.50. 
Call 222·9175 aft .. 5 p.m. 

(5 / 7) 
A BETTER BED! King .ize wat.r bed. 
$55 .00. Tho Water Hole, 42.2 EI 
Cajon Blvd., 280-2611. 

( R) 
Waterproof, du.t.proof, shock-proof, 
burglar.proof all aluminum Kalimar 
photo of sound equipment case, a 
lightweight portable with .houlde, 
.trap. Regular $49.95, only $29.95. 
Call Mark at 755-3990. 

(R) 
FOR SALE- ROBERTS 1725 TAPE 
RECORDER CARTRIDGE AND REEl. 
SELDOM USED IN 4 MONTHS. 
PERFECT CONDo $250 OR BEST 
OFFER. 233·4873. 

(4 *1 3) 
65 ' MUSTANG CONV. MUST SElL 
WHOLESALE BLUEBOOK. CAU GREG 
SCRAGG 272·7450 0' BLDG 2A 
6337 (4*13l 

Jobs 
Male stud. nil part"full tim., $3 hr. 
plu.scholarship. Call 224·2.64. 

(I) 
MEN of all t,ade. to NOIITH SLOPE, 
ALASKA, and the YUKON, around 
$2800.00 a month. For complete 
infarmation write to Job I.search, 
P,O. 10. 161 , Stn.A, Taranto, 
Onta,ia. Incl_ $3 to CO"., cost. 

14"231 

Housing 
SENIOR GIRLS WOULD LIKE 
HOUSING NIAR CAMPUS FOI 
SIPTIMIIR 71-JUNI ' 72 GOOD 
RIFIRINCIS. PATRla 453-7391 , 
PIGGY 453-06 •• , 
(4/9) 

11M EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Mode.t lates. 
Sati.faction i. the end product. 
Helen 459-•••• 

(R) 
Typing - for accurate Typing on 
electric pica - t.rm paper', theMS, 
manuscripts , .tc, Call Mrs. 
McCrOlkey2.7-1607. (I) 
Typing. . .Experienced typi.t. . 
.. T.rm papers, the.... Elect,ic 
typew,itor. Will do ru.h job •. 453· 
6135. 

(R) 

Income tax, Federal and Stat. 
r.turn. pr.paration.. Discount for 
.tud.nt., .taH, and faculty . Can 
453·770 • . 

(4 "9) 

I. Your Auto Sick Of Tired 
Try Jame. Automotive Se,vice 
Am.rican and For.ign Cars Repairs 
and Pollution Cantrol. Student 
Discount 774. Herschel La Jolla (in 
tho rear) 459-9111 

(R) 

TYPING SEIVICES, Thesis, term 
papers, etc. 11M typewriter, for 
infarmation call 755-1630, 

(4"16) 

P.rsonals 
CASH FOR USED SOCIOlOGICAL 
RESEARCH DESIGN PAPEI. Bi ll 
JACKSON. 283·0416. 

(4"13) 
" FOUND: PAIR O~ GLASSES ON 
MONDAY, APRIL 5, BEHIND 
BUILDING 250 , MATTHEW S 
CAMPUS. THEY MAYBE PICKED UP 
AT THE CAMPUS POLICE OFFICE." 
(5 / 7) 

ANNOUNCEMENTS: 
Any media desiring financial 

assi s tance from t he 
Communications Board for nex t 
year should submit their requests 
in writing no later than Friday, 
April 9, to Comm Board, 250M . 

Applications are now available 
for positions on next year' s 
TRITO TIMES. Come to our 
office a t the northwest corner of 
Blake Hall . 

Conscientious Coffee : If you are 
considering or are currently in the 
process of filing for Conscientious 
Objector status , or if you have gone 
through the process and would like 
to pass along what you have 
learned , come to the Informal 
Lounge on Revelle at 7:00 p.m. 
Tues ., April 13. 

Help People 's Lobby put an Anti· 
pollution bill on the ballot. Call : 
Collie Lewis 284·5087 after April II . 

Tune your heads into KSDT for 
far· reaching sounds- jazz, rock, 
co untry , s pecial progra ms, 
information on school happenings. 

lOW LOW RATES 
D. RAKOW 
BYAPPTONLY 
281-4586 

HYPNOSIS 
TECHNICIAN-CONSULTANT 

SMOKING-WEIGHT-MEMORY 
NERVES-CONFIDENCE 

INSOMNIA-SELF HYPNOSIS 

NOIlVIINV!)I() .ll~ 


