
triton ti 
V.lume '2, Num'er .4 University .f California, San Dieg. 

Application Fee Boost Approved 
By Regents Finance Committee 

Molly S./vin and, Ros. DeCosta 
Stoff Writers 

An increase in application fees beginning Winter Quarter of 
1971-72 was approved yesterday by the Regents Committee on 
Finance. Along with thia, the meeting in Los Angeles resulted in 
approval of an increase in non-reaident tuition to $1500 yearly, a 
_ boost. 

The application fee jump will make the admissions office 
euenUally self-tUPporting, and the non-reaident tuition fee 
lDcrease will discourage out-of .. tate residents from entering 
UC, thus giving CalIfornia residents preference. 

Both increases will be subject to approval when the full Board 
of Regents meets today. 

Regent Wllliam K. Coblentz of San Francisco told the TRITON 
TIMES he does not feel the application fee increase will 
discourage poor students from applying to the University of 
California. He explained that if the Regents made any 
restrictions in that area, they did so when they passed the 
resident tuition; and today's action, he believes, merely com· 
polUlds the situation. 

Concerning the appointment of a chancellor for UCSD, acting 
Chancellor Herbert York commented that "there is a 50-50 
chance" that the Regents will name a new chancellor at today's 
meeting of the full board. York said that the aMOlUlcement 
depends upon "the availability of the person being considered 
for the post." 

Pepper School Approved 

operated by graduate students. It has an enrollment of 35, most 
of them children of UCSD faculty, students, and staff. 

The Committee on GrolUlds and BuildingS also approved the 
reappointment of A. Q. Jones as consulting architect for the San 
Diego campus. Jones' present appointment will expire on Feb. 
28 of this year. Because of his involvement with the long-range 
development plans for UCSD, it was felt that Jones was 
essential in continuing development plans for the campus. 

As an item of information for the Regents, each campus 
reviewed the work of one of its IUIdergraduate students 
receiving aid from the President's Undergraduate Student Aid 
Program. $40,000 is annually allocated to assist tslented un· 
dergraduates with special studies and projects. Stipends are 
scaled \'elative to needs and do not exceed $1000. 

Among the 70 fellows, Richard T. Walls of UCSD is working 
with Dr. T. Roth, an assistant professor of biology, in visualizing 
LacRepressor·Lacoperon complex using highly complicated 
techniques. 

Student Participation to be Considered 
At their next monthly meeting, the Regents will take action on 

proposals for student participation in departmental com· 
mittees. Students may also be included as voting members. This 
does not include membership in the Academic Senate. 

New regulations concerning the awarding of honorary 
degrees are being proposed for consideration at the next 
Regents meeting by President Charles Hitch. He indicated that 
under the present system for awarding degrees, too many are 
being given. 

According to the proposal, the President will first seek the 
advice of the Academic Senate concerning the authorization of 
honorary degrees and degrees and certificates other than 
honorary to be awarded. He will then seek the advice of a special 
committee consisting of faculty members whom he has named 
before awarding the degrees. 

Friday, February 19, 19" 

The Regents Committee on Grounds and Building approved 
the UCSD Learning CommlUlity, also known as the Pepper 
Canyon School, IUIder their present licensed agreement, with 
some amendments, for the remainder of the school year. The 
amendments call for the payment of rent for the school's use of a 
Matthews Campus building which the school presently uses for 
free. The decision is subject to the approval of the full board. 

The school, a non-profit private elementary school, is 

Postponed until today's meeting is discussion of the Gover· 
nor's budget for the 1971-72 year as it pertains to the University 
of california. 

Student Assaulted Robbed 
Renowned bypnoti t Dr. Dean me merized a cram-packed 
Revelle cafeteria audience Monday night. Here, one student 
ba reverted to babybood upon sugge tion by tbe doctor. ee 
story in arts ection, page 6. 

, 

In Muir Dorm Elevator 
A UCSD Student was said he entered the elevator 

assaulted and robbed in a Muir from an upper floor of Tenaya 
dormitory elevator early last Hall at 2:45 a.m. The elevator, 
Saturday morning . The he said, was occupied by three 
student, who did not wish to be males. One stood by the 
identified for fear of reprisals, controls and the others were at 

1'·"""p':;:;i;:;'.;";';:':"'9'; 'i ':'''':':':':':':"':"":j: 
~~~i p robation .~~~ 
I ~ 
:::: F~~;f~ ~~::~: ::: 

:~:: Ten present and fo;mer UCSD students charged with ::~: 
;:;: trespassing during last Spring's campus protests had :;:: 
:;:; charges against them reduced or dismissed yesterday in San ':;: 
;:;: Diego Municipal Court. The students had been suspended ;:; 
:;:; last Spring for participating in a blockage of the :;: 
::;: Chancellor's office in a protest over the firing of Angela ;:; 
:::; Davis from her position as an assistwnt professor at ::: 

~ UCLA. ~ 
:;:; Appearing to face trial after months of delay, seven of the ::: 
;:;: defendants had the charge of trespassing reduced to the less ::: 
:;:; serious offense of disturbing the peace. Judge Earl Gilliam :;: 
:;;; imposed two years probation after guilty pleas were entered ::: 
:::: by Frank Gormlie , Ken Eason, Judy Rosenthal , Cathy Rose, .;:: 
:::; Bent Schmit-Nielson, Tom McCammon, and Haven Achen. ::: 
:::: Two other students. Phil Kain and Ricki Sherover, were .::: 
:::; given one year probationary sentences. Probation was .::: 
::;: imposed on the condition that no state or campus laws are ::: 
:;:; violated . Probation will end sooner than the one or two year .:;: 
::;: period if the students should no longer be enrolled at UCSD. ::; 
:;:; Several of the defendants are no longer students and :;: 
:::: therefore will have no probationary period. ;:; 
;:;: Jim Hirst, a former student, had a charge of trespassing :;: 
:;:; dismissed. Hir t had previously been convicted of battery;:: 
:::: and interference with an officer. He will be ntenced ::;: 
:;;; February 28th. :;;; 
:::; Jerry Hall . a Muir senior, was convicted in January of :;:: 
:::: interfering with an officer. He was entenced to two year ::;: 
:;:; probation. :;:; 
::;: The only tudent remaining to be tried on charges ;:;: 
:::: re ulting from campus prote t la t Spring i Byron King. :;:: 
:;:: He will be tried for tre pa ing and interfering with an ;:;: 
:::: officer later this month. ;::: 

:;:::.:.:~:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:,:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::~:::::.:.:!:.:.:.:~:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.::;!: 

the side of the elevator. The 
student accidentally brushed 
against the former as he 
entered. 

According to Ute student this 
s uspect immediately 
demanded an apology and the 
student gave him one. The 
suspect said that the apology 
was not good enough. When the 
elevator reached the first floor , 
the suspect held the button 
preventing the door from 
opening while one of the others 
drew a knife with a four inch 
blade. 

The student said the three 
hit him with rabbit punches 
aimed at his face while they 
demanded his wallet from 
which they took approximately 
nine or ten dollars and his 
watch. They then opened the 
door of the elevator and fled . 

The student suffered no 
injuries other than a slightly 
chipped tooth and a sore arm 
from his assailants' punche . 
He described the suspects as 
follows: one 5 feet 10" to 6', 
150-155 Ibs.; one 6'2", 200 Ibs.; 
one 5'8" to 5' \0", 140 to 150 Ibs. 
All were Black, and in their 
early twenties. 

The student said he believed 
the su pects were not tudents 
at UCSD because he did not 
recognize any on of them and 
two, he said, had eighth grade 
vocabularie . One wor a green 
letterman jacket uch a tho 
used at Lincoln High chool. 
although he did not notice th 
letter on it. 

Th tudent 
only reason hi alleged 
a sailant gave for th ir attack 
was that he wa white and 
th r for an en ' m of th 
Black people. 

400 Protest Laotian Venture 
Dove Buchbinder 

Arts Writer 

A little over 400 demonstrators assembled at 
Horton Plaza in downtown San Diego on 
Wednesday, Feb. 17, to register their disgu t 
with the current invasion of Laos. 

The march proceeded from the Plaza, down 
Broadway, up Fifth, and finally ending at the 
natural bowl in Balboa Park. Although the 

marcher~ were without the necessary permits 
required to hold such a protest, the San Diego 
Police Department allowed them to march in 
one lane of traffic along the route. 

While marching, the soldiers of peace 
chanted such phrases as, " Out now !" , "Peace 
now! ", and " Hands off Lao ! ,. They also 
carried picket signs, one of which read ," ixon-
Don' t Laos US up" . 

By tander Join In 

All along the march route bystander were 
leaflettt>d, asked to join the march, which some 
did , and flashed the peace sign, which more 
often than not was returned with a smile. 

When the marchers reached Balboa Park . 
they were offered a series of peeche given by 
members of SM , Women' Lib, The Concerned 
Officers Movement and the DB C. 

The first speaker, Tony Hodge. repre enting 
UC D MC, poke on .. involvement in Laos 
and the economic of IndOChina. He tated that. 
"The invasion of Laos hould com a no 
surprise to anyone. Lao i the mo t heavily 
bomb d nation in World Hi tory and a quarter 
of it population ha b n made refugee 
becau e of it. " 

ext, he explained that the e calation of the 
war into Laos i only on of many, citing the 
renewed bombing of orth Vi tnam and .. air 
upport in ambodia a examples. He not d th 

fact that th .. ha provid d artill ry upport, 
air cavalry. troop tran port, all of th logi tical 
requir ment and advi r to th Laotian and 
AR N troop . 

He th n poke of the political turmoil in outh 
ietnam and that th T •• do not Vi nt to 10 

Indochina becau it will 10 all of it e nomic 
inv tment th r . 

He concluded with, " ixon will lose 
Southeast Asia ... He will lose more ... the belly 
of the mon ter itself, America !" 

Women Represented 

Jackie Woods, head of Women 's tudies at 
an Diego State. spoke about the war's relation 

to women. he indicated that because of the war 
everyone suffers unemployment, but with 
women, "They are the last hired and the first 
fired ." 

"Women", he said, " live in fear while their 
husbands fight. .. The Government use women 
as its tools for sympath a in the case of the 
POW's." 

She then poke about the People's Peace 
Treaty, which i a treaty proposed by the 
Provi ional Revolutionary Government of outh 

ietnam, which offers the American people a 
chance to make peace with the Vietname e. The 
Vietname e. she xplained , propo e a 
withdrawal of all American personnel in 

ietnam, an American tance of non- upport to 
the Thieu-Ky 'puppet' regime, and a polic of 

merican non-intervention in outh ietnam In 
return , the Vietname would hold ' falr ' 
lection and the LF would not attack th 

withdrawing .. troops. 

, h id that in merica, the P 
Treaty being handled by th American 
People' Coalition for Peace and Ju tic . 
People that ign the treaty, in effect. take 
them Ives out of th war. h th n recounted 
that the PPT I on the ballot in B rkeley. and 
that if it pa e , the entire city will take it elf 
out of the war. 

M ingforPPT 

con luJt:J U dllnVUII 'lIIg tndl lor all I 
tho int r ted 10 worklOg on th PPT, that 
th re would b a me tin on Fr v ni t. 
February 19,7 p.m .. at ztec nt r, an Di 
tate 

veral oth r peaker followed and th rail 
wa declared officiall over at 5: p.m. 



Draft Boord Demonstration Declared Success 
Barbaro Simon 

SIa" Writ., 

The San Diego draft board was ~e scene of a subtle. quiet 
demonstration on Tuesday. Protest took the form of visits 
inside the draft board to talk with the clerks about an 
individual's problems with his own case in an attempt to slow 
down the bureaucracy. 

The non-violent demonstration was voted on as an 
alternative to a general strike by participants of the mass 
meeting which was held a week ago Wednesday in Revelle 
Cafeteria. UCSD Student Mobilization members who helped 
organize the demonstration at the draft board were advised 
last Friday that they could face conspiracy charges for 
suggesting disruptive tactics in a leaflet titled "Screw 
Conscription. " 

They learned that anyone who knowingly hinders or 
interferes in any way with the selective service or who 
conspires to do so in any way shall be guilty of a felony . 
Consequently, the SMC voted to disassociate themselves from 
action taken at the draft board. Further organization of the 
demonstration by SMC member was stopped on Friday and 
only individuals continued plans to visit the draft board. 

The draft board authorities evidently received word of the 
proposed demonstration'i;lecause usual procedure was changed 
with the cooperation of the San Diego Police Department. 
Instead of allowing visitors to enter the draft board and wait 
for their turn with the clerks, everyone was kept outside. In 
re ponse to a TRITON TIMES telephone Query, the board 
denied any unusual activity or procedures. 

Whenever someone finished his business with one of three 
clerks, he was let out by Sergeant Ginn of the San Diego Police 
and another person was allowed to enter the draft board. 
Another change in procedure was that no one could see his 
files , although selective service laws state that anyone has the 
legal right to see his own file. 

In addition to police surveillance inside the draft board and 
plainclothesmen taking pictures from across the street, an 
undercover agent, John Paul Murray Jr., alias J. King, was 
recognized when he joined the line. When asked by someone 
next to him why he was in line, King responded tha t he had no 
reason. He left the line oon after the brief conversation. 

THE 
GOLDEN OLDIE 
FILM SOCIETY 

presents 
The 

February Festival 
SAT. Feb. 20 

Jiri Menze/'s 

"Closely 
Watched 

Trains" 
plus Mel Brooks' 
"The C ritie" 

(award winning short) 
~ * * -tz * * 
I Tickets available 

at the Urey Hall Box Office 
and at the door. 

, "SPECIAL" 
2 Shows 

7 and 9:15 p.m. 

Place: Sumner Aud. (Scripps) 

PI" 2 Triton Times Februlry 1', 1'71 

A number of young men left because they were discouraged 
by the slow movement of the line toward the front door of the 
draft board. One UCSD demonstrator who waited two and a 
half hours in the cold to see a clerk , felt that " the demonstra-
tion achieved its purpose." Other protestors agreed that the 
normal function of the draft board was inhibited by their 
participation on Tuesday. 

Med School to Take 3rd Year Students 
Ed Boyle 

Slaff Writer 
The UCSD Medical School 

will continue its experimental 
early admissions program in a 
modified fonn next year, ac-
cording to Dr. Charles Spooner, 
Associate Professor of 
Neurosciences. 

During this year, eight senior 
biology students, divided 
equally between Revelle and 

the Medical School to revise the 
program. 

BegiMing next year, the 
Medical School plans to accept 
promising students after they 
have completed only 3 years of 
their undergraduate program. 
In addition, the program will be 
expanded so that all California 
residents, including those now 
attending out of state schools, 
will be considered. 

Muir, have been jointly enrolled Dr. Spooner feels that UCSD 
in their undergraduate college students will be in an ad-
and in the Medical School. The vantageous position, bowever, 
aim of this dual enrollment was since this year 's students have 
to allow students to complete convinced the Medical School of 
their requirements for a B.A. the quality of the un-
and at the same time take first dergraduate program. UCSD 
year medical school core biology majors are well 
courses, thus reducing the time prepared for the medical school 
required to get their M.D. curriculum, according to Dr. 
Scheduling conflicts made it • Spooner: 
difficult for all but two or three 
to obtain the full benefit of the 
medical courses, however. This 
difficulty in coordinating the 
Medical School and un· 
dergraduate programs has led 

The Biology Department is 
presently considering a human 
biology major that would fit 
especially well with a 3rd year 
admission. 

~G~ ~--------~ ~------~ 
EXCELLENT ... A STUNNING AND 

UNFORGETTABLE PORTRAIT OF THE 
LOST ONES - HARD-BITTEN WHORES, 

TEENY-BOPPERS, GIRL-NEXT-DOOR 
LOVELIES, NEUROTICS AND 

NEAR-PSYCHOPATHS - CAUGHT UP 
IN THE DRUG AND ROCK SCENE!" 

-Judith Crist, New York Magazine 

SI ...... 
Miss Harlow, Cynthia P. Caster, Goldie Glitter 

Andrea Whips, Patti Cakes,lixie & Katy 
.... 

.Joe Cocker and The Grease Band 
Ten Years After featuring Alvin lee & Co. 

Spooky Tooth Terry Reid RATED 
X 

"---of P1H£ ARi'B t----
1818 GARNET STAEET ~·4000 

Formerly Bitl and Pieces 

t 

UCSD to be Smaller than Planned 
As a result of a restudy of California's demography, UCSD's 

enrollment may be limited to 10,000 students at three colleges. 
Whereas previous studies indicated the total demand for UC 
enrollment to reach 200.000 by 1980, studies based on the 1970 
U.S. Census now predict enrollment demand to rise to 135,000 
in 1985, dip , and then rise back to 135,000. Presently, UC has 
approximately 105,000 students. 

As a result of this study, plans for UC growth will probably 
be revised as follows. The two largest campuses, Los Angeles 
and Berkeley, will remain the same size. Davis and Santa 
Barbara which are medium sized will grow slightly. The 
smaller campuses, Irvine, Riverside, and Santa Cruz, along 
with UCSD, will grow to take up the remainder of the expected 
enrollment, 10.000 each. 

Chicano Discussion at State 
A panel of Chicano leaders will di scuss the question " Which 

Way for the Chicano Movement?" this afternoon at San Diego 
State College. The discussion is sponsored by the San Diego 
Socialist Forum and will feature Woody Diaz, who is the vice-
president of MECHA at UCR, Robert Greaves, United Farm 
Workers Organizing Committee, and Richard Garcia , 
professor of Mex-Amer Studies at San Diego State. 
Representatives from various other Chicano political groups 
will participate also. ' 

The panel discussion will begin at I : 30 at the Council 
Chambers which is in the Aztec Center at State. 

Air Pollution Expert to Talk on Health 
Dr. John R. Goldsmith , an expert on the medical aspects of 

air pollution, will talk on "The Hazards of Second-Hand Air" 
Sunday evening at 8 in the HL auditorium at Revelle . 

Dr. Goldsmith is Head of the Environmental Epidemiolpgy 
Unit of the Bureau of Occupational Health and Environmental 
Epidemiological of the California Department of Public Health 
in Berkeley. For the past 14 years he has been studying the 
effects of air pollution on human organisms. Dr. Goldsmith 
also serves as a consultant to the World Health Organization in 
Geneva and is a frequent lecturer at four UC medical schools. 

Sunday's talk is sponsored by the department of Community 
Medicine of the UCSD Med School. 

AS Referendum Next Week 
Three que tions, one concerning defense research and the 

other two the AS Budget, will be voted on by students in a 
special AS referendum to be held this coming Tuesday, 
Wednesday and Thursday. 

The first Question, considered by members of the AS council 
to be the most important of the three, is intended to gauge 
student concern over defense related work done by UC. The 
Question relates specifically to Los Alamos Nuclear Research 
Center which is part of the UC system. 

Voting tables will be set up at various key sites around 
campus including th~ Revelle Plaza and Muir Commons. A 
detailed examination of the Questions and arguments for both 
sides will appear in Tuesday's edition of the Triton Times. 

. Divis Camera 
STUDENT Dlscoum 

7717 l.y 459-7355 

Send lettors 
and columns to 

Editorial Director; 

Study ill 
Guadalajara, Mexico 
Ih, G,.d,I'IOII I, .... " It hot I. 

• ""y .""d,.,d Uno"''''Y .1 
Am ••• '''Iram • • ,11 .fftr. J.ly 5 I. 
AyI"1 14. "'. 1.lil"" I'","phy. 
hi,'"y. ,.1,1".1 ,d,nll. lonl ..... nd 
lo!lrOfUIt "" .... I .. " .. , 1160; lIoo,d 
.od 'DO", Sill. II".. Or. JMn I. 
".1. Oll ill ,I 1' .. 0 .. ' I,,,, •• , 
UftlytrStl, .f Atlltllt , heun , 
Atllo .. Illli. 

If 
'"" ............. - ,,,,Its 

.. ~ ....... r .. . 
,.., ..... -............. ~ ... -~"'''' N.,.... ,.11s S..,i."seeJ_ 
PAC~r~C 

YAMAKA 
ill •• ,..t ... 
.eltle hR' ..... iI 

Muir College Area To Be Landscaped 
Kalhy Rust 

Stoff Wril., 

For Muir College and medical .students, the grass 
grows greener on the other side of the campus. 
Hrpefully, they willoot have to tromp through mud and 
dust .to their classes much longer, according to John 
Rule, UCSD's acting Campus Architect. 

Landscapers have already begun to transform the dirt 
rectangle east of the Muir Commons into an open grassy 
area complete with meandering pathways. The 
courtyard by the Muir biology building (2B) will also be a 
predommantly grassy area . 

The remainder of Muir College's land will be covered 
by a greater density of plants and trees. It will be 
"simi~ar to th~ landscaping of Revelle College, only 
more mformal, says Campus Architect Rule. 

The architecture of Muir College, which Professor 
Albert Engel of Scripps Institute has described as "a 
concrete jungle," reflects the architectural trends of the 
mid· 1960's. "Medium·rise concrete buildings were then 
thought to be the city of the future, " says Rule. 

Muir College has twice the density of buildings to land 
area a~ does Revelle College. The two colleges have 

approxl!~ately the sam~ amount of building space, but 
Revelle IS situated on thirty acres of land whereas Muir 
College is on only iifteeen acres. ' 

According to Rule,. the concrete structures now being 
erected Will not be pamted because the cost of repainting 
them is too great. He hopes that the bushes and trees on 
the human level will help to soften the effect of the 
concrete. 

Although no definite time schedule has been 
determined for the landscaping projects, Rule estimates 
that the work on the Central Library will begin in April 
and on ~he Basic Sciences Building in May. After these 
two ~roJects ~re completed landscaping work will begin 
on Gilman Drtve and Torrey Pines Road. 

Artist's conception of the new Muir Apartments. Rule described the landscaping planned for the 
Central Library grounds as " natural. " The plants and 
trees used will be indigenous to this area and will blend in 
with the native flora surrounding the Library. 

Plans have been completed for the landscaping of the 
area north-west of the Basic Sciences BUilding, a 
Medical School classroom building. Until now, the money 
was not available to do this work. The money is now 
available, although Rule says it is a project which 
requires $100,000, rather than the $27,000 that has been 
allotted. 

Stud.ents to Draw for Muir Apartments in April 

Financing has been one of the principal factors 
delaying the landscaping of Muir College also. There are 
no large landscaping firms in the San Diego area that do 
landscaping around buildings. If U.C.S.D. were to do all 
its landscaping work at once, the market would be 
saturated and landscaping prices would go up, says Rule. 
Therefore the work has been divided into smaller parcels 
to be completed in different time periods. 

Another reason why the landscaping work has been 
delayed is that the faculty wanted the completion of the 
interiors of the Muir buildings to take priority over the 
exterior of the College. ow that the interiors are 
complete, the landscaping can begin. 

Furthermore, before now the construction workers 
have needed to use the open areas of Muir College to 
allow their equipment access to the unfini shed buildings. 

Poul Teyssier 
Slofl Writer 

In the middle of this April , UCSD students will have a chance to 
draw for apartment living units. according to Joan Walsh, Muir 
College Resident Dean. 

On April 19, 20, and 21 , students will draw for the self·contained 
living units being built on Muir campus, according to these 
priorities: 

First: all members are Muir students; 
Second: the majority of the members are Muir students, others 

are Revelle, Third, or graduate students ; 
Third : all other registered UCSD students. exclusive of 

freshmen and married students. 
The Muir College Residence Halls. 2E Step II, as they are 

called at this time. are to be completed in September 1971. The 
$3,000,000 complex will be comprised of eight residence buildings 
of four or five floors, each floor having two apartments. 

The apartments are designed to allow four or five students to 
live with their friends in a self-contained living unit with separate 
bedrooms making it possible for the individual to participate in 
the life of the group or isolate himself from it. as he chooses. 
Moveable interior walls will make it possible to divide the interior 
of the apartment in to a variety of floor plans. 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19,1971 , 8:00 to 1:00 
PHIL & MARK, JULIE, RAY BIERl 

SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1971,8:00 to 1 :00 
EARLY MORNING BAND, AND OTHERS 

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 21, 1971 
8:30 to 12:00 
MARKO & D-AVID 

good rim e 
fee/ free 
sa/iL'ol e 
clari ce 

The self-contained living units will have the facilities necessary 
for independent living. A kitchenette will have a four-burner 
electric range with oven and a fourteen cubic foot two-door 
refrigerator. Each apartment will be fully furnished and provided 
with linen, cleaning supplies (including vacuum cleaner ), and 
utilities. 

The apartment contept is being used here as a "drawing card" 
to attract upper division and graduate students who find living in 
conventional dormitory rooms at the end of a long hall "an 
unappealing way to spend four years of one's life ," stated Dean 
Walsh. She added that having more upperclassmen living here 
will enrich the sense of community on campus. 

Students have been deeply involved in the process of planning 
these living units from the beginning, according to the dean. Two 
Muir students joined the sub-committee on Muir College 
Residence Halls in the fall of 1968. Prices for Muir Residence 
living have been determined with the help of student input to Miss 
Walsh and Rick Bayer, Muir College Re ident Assistant. Because 
"many students wanted identical prices for ingle and double 
living units," said Dean Walsh. " that is what we have." 

The nine-month contract includes the privilege of remaining in 
the apartments over the four weeks of Christmas and Spring 
vacatIOn. 

Triton Time, 



lEITERs To II EDITOR 
Dear Provost, 
Why? 

advisor could be sufficiently 
administered by a person 
"bolding a much lower r ...... 
and feel tha t to lower this rank 

for Educational Evaluation 
Seminars. be justified to any 
lower degree? Wby should 
Mary Avery not fuUill this 
capacity? 

incompetent? 
..... tt UKe. PrnWe.t 

Job Mm ReIWat.' CoacU 

Avery Firing Unfair understand sbe can read minds 
with ber mystic powers. 

The Joim Muir Residents 's would seriously curtail the 
Council wishes to express its prese~t quality. efficiency. a~ 
disapproval of Mary Avery's eff~tiveDess of . the academic 
termination as academic · counsel. It IS also our 
advisor. We strongly agree that contention that Mary Ave!'>: is 
you. liS Provost, have a right to equal to the degree 01 adVISing 
determine the composition and necessarr for the students of 
duties of your staff, however John M~lr C~lIege, a~ shou~d 
we do not concur with your be re~lned In precisely thiS 
conclusion regarding tbe ca~clt.y as she presently 
importance of academic fulfdls!t. 

Perhaps there has also been 
some misunderstanding 
between yourself and us as 
students regarding the aim of 
John Muir College in ligbt of 
both of tbe recent 
terminations. not only that of 
Mary Avery but Alan 
Batchelder as well. How do 
you define the roles of 
Academic Advisor and College 
Dean to justify the apparent 
failure of Mary Avery and Alan 
Batchelder in these positions? 
And why has there not been a 
clear understanding on their 
parts of the duties relevant to 
the philosophy of John Muir 
College in their capacities, so 
that after four years services 
to our academic community 
they should be deemed 

Women's Lib 
The termination of Mary . Let the Provost hav:e ~is half 

Avery from the poSition of time professor-administrator 
academic assistant to the but let the . students of Mu!t' 
provost of Muir College, was ColI~~e retalD a person ~bo IS 

I note the Women's Lib both a great surprise to maay qualified to serve . them I~. the 
Movement discussion. Do you Muir students and l feel an area of academiC adVISing. 
know that one of the most unfair decision • for Muir Why can't we have ,a person 

. .. . . students; present and future . who ha~ the, compassion to put 
outrageous discriminations IS Tbe reason for her people first.. . ~~a~:~~1 Si"!l~d wO~~~lor~~ termination appears to center If. educahona~ excellence IS 

around Miss Avery's failure to continued at MUir Colleg~ then 
governments force this perform all of the duties we must have excellence In the 
discrimination. Provost Stewart felt were academic advising w~ r~ive. 

counseling relative to other In view of the above and as 
administrative duties. con~erned students of John 

In view of Mary Avery's MUir College. we th~refore 
present position as Academic request o~ you explanations to 
Assistant to the Provost, it is the follOWing: 

Either you get married, or expected from her position. ~~ry ~very has certalOlyglVen 
you will suff!!r a heavy fine and Since 1967 Muir 's student thiS kind of excellence to her 
penalty! It depends upon how enrollment has increased by position. ' . Vickie CIlIp 
much you earn. Every single 400 and Miss Avery's job M.IrCollqe. Sellior 
girl or widow must pay from ]7 description has not been re-
to 41 percent more taxes than evaluated over these years to SMC-Absurd! 

readily conceded that her How can the position of an 
additional administrative academic counselor, in light of 
functions would be more our curriculum, at present and 
ad~quately handled in a as proposed in the Warner-
separate capacity. But we take Springs-Mandeville Suite 
exception to your belief that Plans, and with regard to the 
her present status of academic expressed view in these plans 

her married sister who earns meet this increase. To quote 
the same amount. It is a heavy from Miss Avery's statement 
penalty for the right of a to the Triton Times: " My job 
woman to remain single, or to description was written three 
ha ve her husband killed in years ago when Muir College 
Vietnam, or in an accident, or had about 415 students. It was 
simply to have him die from possible then for me to assist 
disease. "Sock it to the Provost Stewart in long range 
singles" is the slogan of the p I ann i n g , cur ric u I u m 
Congress and the legislators; evaluation, and the 
and of course the young, who development of Muir College 
are waiting to finish college or programs in addition to 
to find a satisfactory mate, working more directly with 
furnish the bulk of victims. As Muir stUdents in an academic 
women outlive men by several advising capacity." With 1850 

The opinions .. p,essed on the .. poge. ore tho .. of tho autho" who .. nom.s oppea, in tho byline. ond do not nee .. · years, every woman faces the students now enrolled at Muir, 
sarily ,.flect the views of tho TRITON TiMES. Anyone desiripg to .ubmit motorial to ... published an tho .. poge •• hould time when for some years she I think Mary Avery deserved a 
.. nd it to tho Edito,iol Directo" TRITON TiMES. 117 Blake Hall. UCSD. will be singled out by the tax new job description from the 

.~ ................................................................................ gougers to pay the penalty, Provost . The description 

case. 

~~.~.:.:~:.;~~.:.:.:.:-:.:.:-:.:-:.:.:.:~.:.:::-:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:.:-:.:-:.:.:.:.:-:.:-:.:.:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.~.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.'.y.'.'.'.-.'.-.' ••••..• !:!: solely because she is single. should have been given long 
;:;: Draft ::; Now it is also true that ago in order that she might ~~~~ .l e r I-can R 0 u let te m ~~~ :.~~ :~: t:ak!!m~~~ ~;~os~,!~c~d he~O~ d~~~ :::ft m ::: outliving men, pay ~ bigger with this increasing number of 
:::. ::: penalty for they pay It longer. students. 
:::: Lance Heizer ::: Here is an evil discrimination I do not need to say too much 
:::: ::: against singles that means about the matter in which 
:::: ::: money out of their pockets, 
.. .. I ed if h Mary Avery performed her 
.::: Q. HOW DOES THE SAN DIEGO DRAFT As to what kind of letters you should try to ::: which cou d be correct t e duties for the students at Muir . 
:::; BOARD FEEL ABOUT C.O. 's? get, let me describe what I consider the ::: movement would demand that One need only ask a few of the 
:::: paradigm of the perfect letter. It is written :;: the men who run the 
.••. .. I . I t ' th t t . g students Mary has helped with 
.:.: I by a retired Vice-Admiral who is currently':' egis a ures, el er s op rylO 
.•.. Your question is , unfortunate y, -.' t fl ' t . one academic problem or 
:::: impossible to answer. A draft board Vice-President of the Bank of America. He ::: 0 orce peop e In 0 marriage, h P . 
.••. f will say that he has known your family for .:. or be replaced. anot er . erhaps MISS Avery 's 
.... normally is comprised of from three to ive '.' A d tt h h mi' take s made I'n tr 'ng to 
.::: thirty years and that he has known you well :.: n no rna er ow un appy s wa yl 
'.. volunteers members who meet on an .'. . m be'f h I h t d t h ked :-:. all your life . He will say that not only have .:. your marriage ay , I you e p eac s u en w 0 as 
.:.: average of one day a month to decide '.' dis so lve it you are for her assistance. The 
:::. classifications and order inductions. you lived your life in consonance with the ::: . ed' tit' th " t 
:::: sort of beliefs you have in your form and with ::: Imm la e y pu on e mos handbook and college catalogue 
:-:. Sometimes the volume of registrants f h 1' ( h ::: hated" list, and your taxes h t f hit 
.. ,: •• _.:. . bo d t I't . t t the sort 0 ome- I e your parents ave •..•.•.• ral'sed from 17 to 41 percent. are somew a 0 a e p 0 

requires a ar 0 sp I 10 0 wo or more provided, but that he has had many long . stUdents with academic 
:::: panels, which act as if they were independent conversations with you about those beliefs ::: and in California you are forced questions, but someone is 
:,':":.':., boards. 3757 parkboBlvd ., Sanh Dieg°th' houses and that although he clearly disagrees with ~.; .. ~ •. wtohPI'laeY ytohuiSafrOer agtol.lnegasttharuyetha~r needed who really knows all the staff for six ards eac ; so ere are th hi ' sed h' ' th 
:::: d f em, you ave great y Impres 1m WI :::: proceedings and have to be put the ins and outs of Muir's 
.. what amount to sixteen separate ra t the sincerity with which you hold those .. curriculum requirements. A 
:::: boards in San Diego. Since the average board beliefs. He will go on to say that, knowing :::' out of the marriage market for 
:::: member is in his SO's and is likely to have how deeply you feel , he would never want ::: six months. The rule : Either ~~~~ts ~hOn~e::. a~~de~:~ 
:::: numerous responsibilities, and po& ibly you serving under him in the Armed Forces ::: get mar r i e d 0 r get 
.• '.' k d ta difficulty .. .. . as well as to :::: health problems as well , there is a fairly where your convictions would prevent you :.: soa e -every year you s y 
..•. ... . I I provide other innumerable 
.... steady turnover among board members. from being an effective sailor, but that as .:. sing e. 
;::: Consequently, it is not an easy matter to dedicated and moral as you are, he would ::: JamesHerveyJobnson academically related 

services ... " predic t what a board may do in a particular actively recruit you to work for him at the 
case, without even taking into account Bank of America. Disgusting TT What really seems 
individual variations because of events in incredible, but lately not 
the lives of board members for the What are the elements of the above letter Re your editorial Feb. 5tb: surprising, is that Provost 
distinctive characteristics of the registrant's which make it so desirable? It is written by a Stewart has chosen to meet the 

respected member of the establishment who needs of Muir's increaSing 
This piece was utterly t d tit' 'th obviously disagrees with your position. He s u en popu a IOn WI a disgusting and irresponsible, " h Id' I k" knows you well enough not only to know your person 0 mg a ower ran 

bel ' f d th f f'l btl t plus a few more things that I do than Mary Avery. Second rated I Should say that San Diego boards Ie s an ose 0 your ami y u a so 0 not care to mention. You and I h' I 
h b d beh ' b collt!ges pu I tricks like tIs, 

Last Wednesday 's mass 
meeting in Revelle Cafeteria, 
it's true. was an absolute 
absurdity and a cynic's answer 
to paradise. Those of us there 
heard the exact same things 
that we've heard for years. and 
are now going to embark upon 
the same sort of protests that 
we have carried out for all of 
those years . But nothing 
happens. 

Surely those men who 
control our lives hear our cries, 
but their silence and inaction tv 
our pleas only grows stronger 
as our cries grow lou.der a~d 
yet still louder. Their logiC 
compels them to invade and 
destroy an entire peninsula in 
the name of freedom . 

I rebel against that idea 
completely, as should any 
individual capable of thought. 
For when one man lifts up his 
sword against another to kill 
him under the guise of 
freedom , then no one is free 
and we are all slaves. And we 
are all slaves because we give 
others the power to.control our 
minds to the very core. We let 
our minds be overcome by the 
trivia of economics, not by our 
innermost feelings, and 
therefore the Vietnamese 
peasant is just as much a slave 
as the American Worker. We 
will never achieve peace with a 
gun, and we will never love 
with a dollar. We can only do 
both with our hearts. To quote 
the late Che Guevara. "Let 
me say, at the risk of seeming 
ridiculous, that the true 
revolutionary is guided by 
great feelings of love." 

Dave Bachblnder 

Send 
Letters 

generally have been responsive to claims of ave 0 serve your aVlOr over anum er your kind are not going to be did not realize that Muir 
conscientious objection. They have not of years, and he can testify as to how well satisfied with anything short of College was sinking so fast. To the 
granted blanket acceptances, of course . you exemplify those values which you claim. a complete communist 0 S h' 

H · h k' f I h r. tewart proposes to Ire Neither do they turn everyone down as e IS , ten, spea 109 or you to peop e w 0 takeover in Southeast Asia . In an assistant to help him half-
seems to be the case with some boards. do not know you and may have only ten or order to achieve this perverse time with the areas of Ed· t · I 
Variation in treatment seems to proceed fifteen minutes exposure to you from his goal , anything goes as far as administration that Mary lor I a 
more from the age at which the registrant years of knowledge. Furthermore, he is a you are concerned including Avery apparently did not cover 
submits his claim , or his current person whose judgement board members heaping the vilest abuse and in her job. I feel this is a good D 
vulnerability to the draft, than from the will value. scorn on our president. move, a person is needed to e p t 
board's a' titude toward particular beliefs or Naturally, that letter is not going to be F. O. Gulbrandseu take care of duties in this area . e 

.. D' I h Id t b .... ScI tzut appropriate for this position, I 

.:. San legu or e sew ere wou appear 0 e it. though, the better your chance of ... 

triton tiDles 
length of Ilair . The most important factors in easy to obtain. The closer you can approach • ____ 8=1:53~H=Ud:SjO~n~D~ri~. v!e~p~e~r~ha~p~S~J~e~a~n~DJi~xo~n~w~o~UI~d~bel~' ~~~~~~~~~~~ 

:::' the age I t which you file your form , the persuading the draft board. If necessary, ;:;. 

f ;E~~i~f;Ji~:ii;:~~i~i:;;~' ~~~:g;~:~E~:~riJ:~~i:~~~tif II Ed;'.'-;.~hl.r " H.y ••• d G,mm.. ;l~!-:~' l:~:::~ 
::: recommendation. of the Universal Life Church, or members of . ::: . Rob.rt Mille, Art. Department 
• .. City Editor ........ Carl Neib urger John Zoller Tom Beer 

::: the Women's Strike for Peace. ::: Managing Editor ...... Mike Klayer Ed Boyl. Joy Gill.n. 
Q. WHA1 SORT OF RECOMMENDATIONS 
FORC.O. STATUS SHOULD I OBTAIN? 

C Ed ' C h k G h Juliana Cinque larry Johnson REMEMBER, IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS 0PY Itor .. ..... uc ra am Bobbie Fink Sa,gun Tont 
YOU WOULD LIKE ANSWERED, SEND Husines Manager ....... J err Fried Bruc. Mo,d.n Ken Born •• 
THEM TO ME IN 250 MATTHEWS CAMPUS Edilorial Direclor .. Raoul Contreras F,o'" Phillip. Carri. Richy 

CWH Post Arthh 

Phot"l.aphy 
Jan Fron.~ 
Mall Hinton 
Advertltl ... 
Depart_nt 
Marl! T,illing 
s.._Code. 
Mally Set';n 

s.c .. tarla! Staff 
Stew Cohen OR CALL EXT. 1945. A sociate Cily Editor ... Owen Joyner Kathy Rust Sarah McK.nna 

Molly elvin 8o,ba,aSimon AHanSol<ula ShoilaCalhaun First, let me emphasize that although the f 'd . tl . T B k Jeff Graham Gea.- Sa.ani c.r o.,."-t SS Form 150 which you must fill out in order I you are consl erlng or are curren y In Arts Editor. . . . . . . .. erry ara DonG,"n. A"'tMa,""",, leI. DebbioManteo,...,., 
to obtain C.O. status has a place for you to the process of filing for conscientious Sport Editor ....... Rocky Halfon Mike Roberts Joe Eo,te,n Glena Sch,_ 
list the names and addresses of five objector status: or you have gone through Pholography Edilor .... John Zaller Paul T.y...... Camy Sho,ick 
references, you ought neither stop at five nor process and would like to pass along what Rancya,He. """"tlen 

.:- assume that having submitted _ the names you have learned, come to the informal :.: Do .. luchbinde, 
:.: If ' h lounge Revelle campus between 3 and 5 .', The 'IITON TlMIS I, aHicially '''''Inilocl and ... pportod a. 0 S!IHIent new--- .... the Com_nicatian. Ioard _':.'. your J' ob is done. You must not on y urDls ::.: "'-'-' _, 

F b 25 of tho Uni_si'Y of Califo,nia. San Diota. luildi"9 250. Matthewo CO"""", Lo Jolla. California 92037. 'ublicatlon ::: the names but the letters as well. Thursday. e . . ::: it twic ...... Iy on Tundays and F,idayI. Offlc .. art located In ,_ 117 . ....... HaH. on tho ..... CalftIM. fOf Jt::::::~::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::~::;:::::::::;;:::::.:::::::.:;:.:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:::::;:::;:;:::;:;:;:::;:::;:::;:;:::::::;:::;:::::::::::::::;:::::::::::?:f: _A,.;;d.'I;.;,' .. t l' .. in;.,;,;...:;,p .. ho;.;,n;.;,I.4 .. 5;.;,3.' 2;.;,O;.;,0.O._X.IO,;.I.7 .. , .f,;.o'_ •• d.ito .. r;.;,Ia.1 Of;... ..... _ .. phone ....... " .. ' .. 0..;16 ... _________ .. 
PI" 4 Triton Times February 19,1971 

It beat 
Ferrari, Porsche, Jaguar 

and 'Rolls Royce. 
The 1971 Capri from Lincoln-Mercury beat 

everybody. 
It was named "Import Car of the Year" for 

1971 by "Road Test" magazine. 
Here are just a few of the things they had to 

say about the Capri. 
"All of our staff had heavy exposure to the 

car during the months just passed, along with 
dozens of other imports, but despite this varied 
experience, our choice was unanimous." 

" ... in some years it's difficult to pick a single 
one that's outstanding. That was not the case this 
time." 

"Remember that theoretically, Rolls Royce 
was just as much in contention for this award." 

"To find a match for the car's roadability, 
you have to compare it with something much 
more expensive such as 
a Porsche 914 or 
a Datsun 24OZ." 

"Now ... available 
as an option the 
spanking new 100 
horsepower, overhead-
cam four ... and that 
extra cost isn't much ... 
$50 surcharge for the 
optional power. What you 
get for that modest sum is 
a Capri that will do zero to 60 
mph in 11.8 seconds ... 
without sacrificing much if 
any of the 24.S mpg economy 

served up by the standard model." 
" ... the Capri corners like a Siamese cat on 

sandpaper ." 
"The four-speed gearbox with its fully 

enclosed 'rail' shift linkage stems directly from the 
LeMans-winning GT40 Fords." 

"No car at any price except the rare few that 
are equipped with genuine ZF boxes can compare 
for shifting ease with the Capri's so-called 'rail-
linkage' in the standard four-speed box." 

" ... options include a three-speed automatic 
transmission ... " 

"Another surprIsing feature on a modest-cost, 
volume-produced engine (100 hp) is the use of 
twin-venturi Weber carburetion. Though probably 
not the same design, the six Weber 2V's used on 

the 12-cylinder Lamborghini cost $1,800 
to replace." 

"The Capri ... represents a remarkable 
bargain ... it offers outstanding value at any 

reasonable price-say, even $2,900 in 
standard fonn ... would be a good 

buy with just normal handling 
characteristics." 

"There's not much 
fault that can be 

found with the 
Capri, a tangible 

that caused us 
to choose it as 

our I mport Car of 
the Year for 1971." 

Unquote. 

The ReIer $2,500 
mfrs. suggested retail price. 

See your Lincoln-Mercury dealer for his price. 

Triton Times February 19, 1'71 p, .. 5 



I POSSIBILITIES I The Trance Descends Upon UCSD 
Celluloid Surrealism 

Allred Hitchcock's 

Bruckner's " Mass in E Minor" 
at 3:30 p.m. on Sunday, Feb. 21. 
The concert will take place at 
the La Jolla United Methodist 
Ch.urch, 6163 La Jolla 
Boulevard, and is free and open 
to the public. 

Anton Brucker was a 19th 
century Austrian composer. 
His "Mass in E Minor" is to be 
accompanied by a wind 
instrument ensemble. 

"Spellbound " and Jean 
Cocteau's " Blood of a Poet" 
will be offered at the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art 
on Friday, Feb. 19. The films 
are the second in a two-part 
presentation of "Cinematic 
Surrealism," planned to 
correlate with the 
CONTINUING SURREALISM 
exhibition on view in the 
museum's galleries through 
March 21. 

The films will be shown at 8 
p.m. Tickels may be purchased 
in the museum from 7 p.m. 
Public donation is $1 for 
museum members and 
students and $2 for the general 
public. 

Thomas Nee , associate 
profe sor of music at UCSD, is 
conductor for the groups. Nee 
was a Fulbright Fellow at the 
University of Vienna and 
studied conducting under 
Hermann Scherchen, Robert 
Shaw, and Hans Swarowsky, 
and composition with Ernst 
Krenek and Stefan Wolpe. 

"Violin Phase" 
Chorus & Or(h~stra 
To Perform 

The combined UCSD and La 
Jolla Civic Orchestra and 
Chorus will perform Anton 

UCSD graduate student 
Patricia Strange will present 
" Violin Phase," a concert of 
contemporary chamber music 
for violin and other 
instruments, on Sunday, Feb. 
21 , at 8:30 p.m. The event is 
sponsored by Department 
of Music, and is free and open 

Resourcefulne .. 
p.ychology, beco ming 
i .. ueJ , phi/Mo ph y 
children ', book 
fiClion , poefr y 
d e light 
joy 

New .. . come and 

U . . & Foreign 
poptrbaclu 

maKo:ine& 
pOl ler 
recordll 

CdrtU 

EARIH.SONG 
BOOK STORE 

1440 Camino del Mar Del Mar 755-4254 
, ___________________ CUlIeYI ......... __________________ .. 

I I I 
t 
I 

~ 
. 
I 
• 1 

CAL JET CHARTERS ••• , 
Europe 1971 

"Ooo't be misled by lowet pt'lCts Investigate 'Irst' Fly Wl lh our reliable 
Charter &roup Know the facti on your charttt carner betore you sign your 
apphcatlon Don't take a chance WIth an unknown charter alfhne " 

• WEST COAST TO EUROPE -round trip . 
-

-

OAKLAND 10 LONDON tv June!l- 1279 
'314 (II .... ) tONOON 10 OAKLANO Re "'14 2' 

lOS ANG(lES 10 LONDON Lv June 11 I29'l 
al15 (16 .... ) AMSTUOAM 10 lOS ANGElES .~ SoOI 6 

OMLAND 10 AM$T[POot.M b J!.W'It I' 1299 
.117 Ill",., ..... STlROAM to OAKLAND Ret Stpt • 

OAJ(lJIiND to lON[)()fII l~ June 16 1289 
.131 (71 0.1') AMSTE.ROAW 10 OAKLAND Ret AI4 25 

OAKlANO., LONDON l 't' Junt 16 I29'l 
.118 m .... ) AMSl£.RDAM Ie OAKLAND ReI; ....... 26 

Oo\J(LAND to AMSTERDAM lv June 17 I29'l 
' 2!>1 (god.,,) AMSl EROoW '" OM.LAHO ....... 26 

11 It 'l (61 .... ' 
OAKlAND/ LA 10 Atn\oItrOIm tv JuM20 
AMSTERDAM to l A. / OAKLAND 

....... 26 S299 
ou.LAND to LONDON L. June 20 ' 299 d16 (9J..,.) AMSTERDAM toOAA.\.AND RttSool20 

'317 ~;=~~~/LA L. June 22 1299 (" .... ) R .. Seot 12 
lA 1000LAND IIll0N00N Lv.lutf"* 12" 

'IlS (29 .... ) IIaqll LONDON to OMLANO/L A 
lw Aui I \299 OAKLAND/ LA to AMSl(ROAM 

I12S (32 .... ) oWSTEROAM IOL A 1000LANO RIO SoOI 1 
OAKLAND/ LA to AMSTERDAM Lv Aut 4 1m 

.319 (30 .... ) Alr.l:STEROAM IOL A ION\LAND . ot SoOI 2 

• ONE WAY TO EUROPE. 
'116 Ot"~ ·1ti o.w.AHO/L A to LONO()N Lv ..awe" 20 I ll! 
0916 .. .., . OAJU,ANOf\ A to AWSnROi." L. Aclrll2S I ll! 
'2!>l 

.. ··Z OIJU.ANO/ l..A \0 ..... SnROAM I.Y Junt I' 11" 
' 126 or' . Oo\!l.l.ANO/ L ~ to .wSlt~ L • .u. 2. 1m 
'127 or !_ OAKLANOIl It to MfST£ROAM L. seot 7 1129 
'I'S on ,_" OAKlAND/ LA to -'MSTEROAM lv Sept 2~ 1m 

NEW YORK TO EUROPE 
1m (fi .. ,., oi: .. 'lOr "t;'~~~ 

AMS T [ROloN .. N£W YOt!!< 
lv_JIn 19 \ 210 
IttL StcA Ie 

' J16 , .... ,t) H(-.¥ Y~K to AMSt(ROAM 
AMS1£ROAM IOh(wYORte. 

hJ\lnt29 1210 
It_ Au. JI 

SPECIAL JAPAN FLIGHT 
.626 I<do!sl OAKLANO/ l II to T~YO ly June 26 Sl99 

T()I(YO rol A IOAKLAND Aet Au, . 
SPECIAL AUSTRALIA FLIGHT 

'J;I, hi I. -6 WII" '11'11' I.t 1010'"01''''' IOUND IIIP OAKIAHD-SYDHEY Ill! 
--T;;.-;;c,;;;fi;hi;.~.-;;;I;.;e-.;;I;"'-,Wd._;;(~ .I;;;;;I~ -; ;;;,-;.jj ~t---

1I1t U""'~\J of Co"lo,",., ond members of lhe. ""med,.le f ..... I ... 
Thef • • t. NO MUiBEASltIP FW. 
Al l ft',~1s _II ConlllUted . """.. Ilylr\& )0( eQulpmenl ComplllT1eOlJry 
mn l' ond bever" es .. ",eel ,n f"ehl. 

Ftf APOIlcoIion r. F"""" 1m_ion -
Cal .101 ChInorI 
2150~ Slroot 

Son f-'. CdItmI& MI23 
..... (h ..... )415 

122·1434 

P, ge 6 Triton Times February 1' , 1'71 

£ 
I 
1 

!t-

to the public. It will be held in 
the Recital Hall, 409 Matthews 
Campus. 

The major work of the 
evening will be "Violin Phase" 
by New York composer Steve 
Reich. It explores the internal 
temporal relationships of a 
single melodic fragment. With 
the use of three pre-recorded 
tracks and a single live 
performer, this seemingly 
simple material manifests 
itself as a constantly changing 
spectrum of melodic and 
rhythmic forms. 

"Cubism and the 
Human Comedy" 

The distinguished art critic 
Max Kozlofr will speak on 
"Cubism and the Human 
Comedy" at UCSD Friday 
night, Feb. 19, at 8:30 p.m. The 
lecture, sponsored by the 
UCSD Visual Arts Depa·,tment, 
will be held in room 2250 of the 
Humanities and Social 
Sciences Building, (2D ) Muir 
College. 

Cubism, the most influential 
and still most poorly 
understood art movement of 
the 20th ct:ntury, is generally 
considered to be the movement 
that broke definitively with the 
art of the past. This 
revolutionary movement 
counted among ' its members 
the giants Picasso, Braque, 
Gris and Lege~, and still has 
influence today. 

Peace 
EUROPE 

HOLIDAYS YOU CAN AFFORD 
Round trip je' vio TW A 
6",k tour I I countries $795_ 
9 ",k tou' 13 countr ies $995. 
10 ",k tou' 14 coun tri es incl_ 
7 da y cruise of 
GreeUs. $11 95_ 
Stud ents and faculty only 
80x 726, Sierra Madr., Ca. 91024 

Corrie Rickey 
Arts Wril.r 

I had always , in lhe back of my mind, doubted 
the authenticity of many hypnotic shows. It had 
always seemed that the hypnotic subjects were 
the most incredible hams on earth, actors that 
fed their egos on the receptive audience, Then, 
last Monday evening in the Revelle cafeteria, I 
found myself under the hypnotic suggestion of 
Dr. Michael Dean, who is, as he claims, " the 
only hypnotist in show business with his 
doctorate. " 

The cafeteria looked like a three-ring circus 
when the Guest-in-Residence Committee-
sponsored event brought in approximately 1600 
people. According to Dan Spellens, AS Program 
Board Chairman , people stood on rafters, 
tables, in chairs, sat on the floor, no one could 
move. Despite the uncomfortable seating 
arrangements, the show continued. . . 

I volunteered as a possible subject along with 
about forty other peole. Fifteen of the 
volunteers were chosen. I was among them. I 
responded to Dr. Dean's suggestion. The 
mysterious "deep sleep" was a state of extreme 
relaxation. . .my muscles were totally 
relaxed. Dr . Dean 's voice (somewhat 
reminiscent of the Dick Clark type deejay of 
days past ) told me what to do, how to reacl. I 
recall being frightened that the doctor might 
instruct me to do something I wouldn 't do 
normally. My last thought before " going under" 
his suggestion was of Hitler and mass hypnosis . 

Tbe Audience Is Naked! 
The subjects in the hypnotic performance 

were told that the audience was naked. All the 
participants gawked out into the audience. One 
of the participants asked for a camera , and 
another asked that the glaring lights be 
turned down so he could see the undressed 
bodies better. I perceived the audience as fully 
dressed , but I could more or less see through 
their clothing. I recalled Ray Milland in "The 
Man With the X-Hay 'eyes- it was freaky . 

Then, suddenly, at the hypnotist's suggestion, 
the subjects felt that they were unclothed. Amid 
the jumping over chairs to hide from the 
audience, I grabbed a jacket to cover myself. 
One participant, to my surprise, did not move 
and stood within full view of the audience. When 
queried by Dr. Dean, who said , " But you 're 
naked- don' t you care?" The participant 
replied , " No, why should I? 

A Cure For Nailblting 

The doctor then took a chronic nailbiter from 
the participants and delved back into his past to 
find the reason for his nailbiting. When the 
reasons were uncovered, Dr. Dean slowly 
advanced the age of the 19-year-old subject 
from five years to twenty-five years. 

DeaD: "You are now twenty-
live. . .whatare you doing?" 
Sultject : "Tryin' to keep out of the 
army . . ," 
DeaD: "Trying to keep out of the army? 
Aren't you doing anything else?" 
Subject ; "No man, only got one more 
year left! " 
DeaD: " You are now thirty . .. whatare 
you doing?" 
Subject: I'm running for president- I 
want to fix this screwed-up country." 
DeaD: " You are now forty-five . . .what 
are you doing?" 
Subject: (voice change ) I'm a cop. 
DeaD: "A cop! " I thought you were 
running for president! " 
Subject: " I was, but Nixon kept beating 
me out. " 
DeaD: "Well, why are you a policeman?" 
Subject: "I wan ted to see tha t these 
young whippersnappers wouldn't ruin the 
country. " 

It was unreal. The subject returned , to age 
nineteen at Dean's suggestion. 

GraDd Finale 
The participants were asked if they could 

sing and dance , each subject told their 
specialty. Under his hypnotic suggestion, Dr. 
Dean told each of us what we were to do. We 
were dismissed from stage, under the 
impression that the show was over but. . .A 
schmaltzy waltz started playing and one tall , 
muscular subject did a ballet, throwing a kiss to 
the audience at the end . . .at the strains of 
" Don' t think Twice-It's Alright. . . "another 
subject did a Dylan interpretation and pulled 
out his red bandanna to muss up his 
locks. . with three other female subjects, I 
found myself on the stage doing 1960' style g~ 
go dancing . . .another male student whom I 
know can't ing, did an amazing rendition of the 
" Beatles .... Something in the Way She Moves." 
He thought he was Paul McCartney. . .one 
male subject started .. scat-singing" to a 1940' s 
jazz number. His syllables and scuby-doos were 
hysterical. .. yet another participant when 
hearing Jolson's old standard, "Sonny Boy", 
rolled up his pants to his knees, stuck his thumb 
in his mouth, sat on Dr. Dean 's knee and 
begged , "Sing for me, Daddy.". .six other 
male subjects did a striptease at the cue of a 
burlesque number- their histrionics and bumps 
were incredibly sexy, most of them started 
disrobing . . . . 

I had doubted hypnotists before- but now I do 
believe. . .Dr. Dean had me doing things that 
I never thought I would do under any 
circumstances. . .he removed the power of 
suggestion over the fifteen subjects and the 
audience crowded around . . .everybody 
believed. 

------------------------~ J ~()ytli'~1i 
25c:BEER 
entertainment 

nightly 
Silverado & Fay 

La Jolla 

Ollega 

EUROPE - ISRAEL - EAST AFRICA 
• Student travel discounts 
• Official SOFA agent for over 2000 inter-European student 
charter flight 
• International Student ID cord 
* 2 month student Eurailpass $125 
* 3 weeks camping in Russia and Czechoslovakia $156 
• 5 weeks comping in Spa in, Portugal and Morocco $230 
• London-Capetown 7 week African Safari $641 
CONTACT: ISeA 

11687 Son Vicente Blvd. #4 
L. A. Colif . 90049 
(213) 826-5669 

HONDA CARS 

For Free 
Home Demo ... 
Cell enytlme e' 
272-5511 

$139500 

Pacific Honda-1269 Garnel 
EL CAJON BLVD. AT 63RD ST. • 286·1455 

KING SNEDLEY INTRODUCES THE 
COMPACT SIX! 

. .- ........ . 

: ~~~ ~~~;~;~~: i 
.. ......... 
. ... ..... . 
. ,- ..... . 

• •• • _ •• _ 0" "'" 
· ............... . 
o . ................ . 

~ gfggg~~n~; 
· .............. . 
· ..... .. .. ..... . 

... . . ...... .. ... . . 

.. ....... ... .. ........ -_.-

............ ... .............. 

...... ..... ... .............. . 

••••••••••••••••• 1 •••••• • ••• • 
.............................. 

~ t~J ~ ~ ~.~:. ~ f ~ ~ ~ ~ ~;~n 1:: ~: L~ ~ ~ ~ : .. ~ .: :.:; ~: .. 

Yes, HOPLAND'S KING has done it again! You'll find the new KING 
SNEDLEY COMPACT SIX is smooth, easy to handle, with lots of pickup 
... and the lower p rice inclu des these extras __ . a shiny metallic finish and 
SIX TOPS! What a way to go! 
Be the firs t on your block to pick up a KING SNEDLEY COMPACT SIX __ _ 
it's the swell new six-pack of dandy KI~G SNEDLEY'S BEER in the 
smaller, convenient, twelve ounce cans. You 
can park lots more of them in your refrigerator! 
THE KING SNEDLEY COMPACT SIX ... six 
of the smartest cylinders you'll find anywhere. 
They're available now at your KING SNEDLEY 
BEER dealer! 

LOOK FOR THE ROYAL FAMILY ON THE 
12 OUNCE CAN! 

Triton Timn February 1'. 1'71 p, .. 7 



FRIDAY, 
February 19 

LECl'URES-noon. Sumner Aud : 
Dr. E. Pollock. "Comparative 
Freeze-etch Studies of Marine 
Eggs." 

3 p.m .• 5013 BSB ; Dr. Dean 
Edell. "Bioengineering Problems 
of Ophthalmology." 

4 p.m., 7421 2A ; Prof. P. 
Sturrock, "A Pulsar Model. " 

4 p.m .. 21000 BSB; Dr. Herbert 
Saltzman , "Topics in 
Respiration-Lessons in Gas 
Exchange from Experiments in 
Unusual and Usual 
Environments. " 

8:30 p.m., 2250 20; Max Kozloff, 
"Cubism and the Human Comedy." 
MUSIC-8:30 p.m .• 409 Matthews; 
Yuji Takahashi will perform his 
new work. Free. 
MOVIES-2 p.m ., Unicorn 
Theatre : India Film Club presents 
" Ran aur Fhyam" and "Invitation 
to an Indian Wedding." 

7:30 p.m., USB 2722 ; " If" and 
"The anny." 
THEATER-8 p.m., 1330 20: 
UCSD Reader's Theater presents 
" The Caretaker" with Eric 
Christmas . Tom McCorry, and 
Steve Nogarr. Students, 75 cents: 
others, $1.50. 

8:30 p.m.. Anomaly Factory 
production of " lye" Friday and 
Saturday nights. This is the last 
weekend. 
MEETING-7 p.m.. Formal 
lounge : Armenian and Middle-
Eastern Students Association 
sponsors pot luck buffet and folk-
dancing. Bring your own dish and 
record. 
SPORTS-basketball- 8 p.m .. 
UCSD vs. Cal Western here. 

SATURDAY, 
February 20 

OPEN HOUSE-2-5 p.m .. Lincoln 
High School. 150 South 49th SI.. S. 
D. sponsored by Computer Jobs 
Through Training. for more 
information call 453-2000 ext. 2673. 

, ..... ,,-~ 
MMUClI & therapeutic 

WATERBEDS 
~¥ ~ ~; . .,,' 

AIR FRAME 

~~G $5500 
........... 1, 1 ... 1 51.., 

The Waterhole 
....... 4212 
• 10-2.11 II CefeoI ...... 

ANOMALY FAcroRY-8,30 p.m., 
MC. last night of the production 
" lye," for information and tickets 
call x 1195 or 453-EDNA 

CAFE HA AM-8 p.m.. Revelle 
Informal Lounge, folk-<lancing and 
singing. refreshments will be 
served. 
SPORTS-I p.m.. swimming, 
UCSD vs. Redlands, there. 

I p.m., rugby, UCSD vs Citrus. 
there. 

3 p.m .. UCSD vs. Citrus. there. 
3 p.m .. UCSD vs. Citrus, there, 

Rugby 2nd XV. 
10 a.m., fencing, UCSD vs. Long 

Beach State. here. 
PLAY-8 p.m .• 1330 Hum. and 
Social Sciences Bldg .• Muir. UCSD 
Reader's Theater presentation of 
"The Caretaker," by Harold Pinter 
with Eric Christmas. Tom 
McCorry and Steve ogarr, Gen. 
Admission $1 .50, students 75 cents. 

SUNDAY, 
February 21 

LECTURES-8 p.m .• Humanities-
Library Aud .. Revelle, Dr. John 
Goldsmith will talk on "The 
Hazards of Second-Hand Air." 
sponsored by the Department of 
Community Medicine. School of 
Medicine. Free. 
SUNDAY NIGHT SUPPER-5:30 
p.m., Several students who are 
interested in intercultural 
exchange will meet in a local home 
to talk and eat together. Phone 1940 
for location. 
MUSIC-10 a .m.. University 
Lutheran Chapel. 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Dr.: the UCSD Chamber 
Chorus conducted by Ron Jeffers 
will participate in a special 
musical worship service. 

3:30 p.m.. La Jolla United 
Methodist Church. 6163 La Jolla 
Blvd .• the combined La Jolla Civic 
Orchestra and Chorus conducted by 
Thomas Nee will perform Anton 
Bruckner's Mass in E Minor. 
THEATER-8 p . m .. 1330 
Humanities and Social Sciences 
Bldg., Muir. UCSD Reader's 
Theater presentation of "The 

COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANi< 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
lor services 
Tues. thru Sat . 

233 - 8328 

PROTECTS RED RIDING rw-....~ 
WHILE SHE PI:ANTS GRASS 

LONE RANGER Pt. I (30) 
STARRING CLAYTON MOORE 
AND JAY SILVERHEELS 

O)r new serial retraces the Masked Man Leg-
er'" Includllilci meeting up with Tonto. 

EAST RED RIDING HOOD (IR) . 

MARIJUANA LECTURE (I 
KLASS REUNION (3) 

i"ILNB ,.Ri5 
1818 GAANET STMET 21IHOOO 

Plge' Triton Tim .. Febru.ry 1', 1971 

Caretaker" by Harold Pinter with 
Eric Christmas, Tom McCorry, 
and Steve Nogarr, General 
Admission $1.50 ; all students 75 
cents 

CLASSIFIEDS 
CONCERT-8:30 p.m., San Diego 
State , Quicksilver Messenger 
Service. 

MONDAY, 
February 22 

Personals 
Maltltudenb partl fulltfme, $3 
hr. plul scholarship. Call 224-
2164. 

Work - LookiD8 for three people 
to work full or part time. Call 
~-. 

Services Typing ••• Experienced typ-lit. .. Term ... pert, thtItI. 
E Itctrlc typewriter. Will do 
rulh lobs • .sum. (R) Europe Chuter Flights. Stveral Schtdultl round trip or 

OM-way. From Wut Coalt to .• 
London, Amlterdam, Frank-
fort, Coordinator: Profe .. or 

~,..,.t Paal 247 Royc~ 
Ave. Long IHch fOID3 ....... 

For Sale ' 
MEETINGS-7 :30 p.m., 2105 
Bonner Hall : La Jolla Naturalists 
Club presents Dr. Walter Garey 
speaking on the spawning salmon 
in British Columbia. 
SPORTS-wrestling- 7:30 p.m. 
UCSD vs. laVerne, here. 
MUSIC-8 p.m.. San Diego 
Community Concourse Theatre : 

Trouble with French? Young 2179. 
grad native will hllp you. 296- • (2/ 23) 

A lETTER IEDI KI", Ilze 
water bed. $55.00. TIlt Water 
Holt, 4212 EI calon llvd., 210-
2'11_ 

(R) 
Nl0. (2/23) --------

II Your Auto Sick or Tired 

Jose Greco. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Students interested in working in 
Europe this summer should write 
to EUROJOB, Dept. INR. 102 
Greenwich Aven . Greenwich , 
Conn., 06830. 
Deadline to register to vote in local 
elections is next Thursday. 
Muir Sophomore s and 
Juniors-Contemporary Issues 196 
Workshop, offered Spring quarter 
is for those interested in leading 
discussion groups for Cont. Is. I 
next year. It is a 2 unit class 
requiring the signature of Dr. 
Schwartz. If interested . come to 
2105 2D during registration week. 
Wanted- Tennis racket in good 
condition. 621 Argo. 
Lost-01d Hamilton wristwatch of 
sentimental value. Please call Joan 
454-7231. 

Europe charters. 50 o. ... r-
turn, allO from N_Y., Africa, 
India, Israel. 60% Off. FrH 
Info: EASC, 323 N. Itverly Dr., 
Beverly Hills, Calif., 90210. 
Phone : (213) 276-6293. 

(5/11) 

EUROPE: $225-$210. Allo 
ISRAEL and JAPAN Spring 
and Summer fIIghtl available 
call 755-3ft0 aHer 5 p.m., or 
write E.S . E. P.-UCSD 1217 
Beverly Blvd" Los Angeles, 
C.llf. 

(5/11) 

5269 RT LA to Europe 61 16 to 
91 15 or 61 30 to ' I • 
Large S.vings on cars and 
charter flights to Isr .. l, 
Greece, other countries. 
Prof. Bentler UC. (213) 277-5200 
cl 0 Sierra Travel of Beverly 
Hills 9175 s.ntl Monica Blvd., 
Los Angeles, 90212 

(3/12) 
Wlnt to Buy- Student dnk, 
with drawers Ind fairly large. 
Will Ply up to $25. 453-4679. 

(R ) 

CATCH US! 

I 

... Before it's 
too late. 

~ vvilhtf-eiry:x:x:l d 

Il'. ·x. 
22ndWeek! 

......... 

AS SUNDAY CINEMA 
presents 

EXPERIMENT AL SHORTS PART II 
ABSTRACTS, COMPUTER FILMS, VIDEO FILMS 

by 
WHITNEY, BElSEN, PAIK & OTHERS 

ONE ( 1) SHOWING 
50c AT THE DOOR 

SUNDAY 2/28 7-10 p.m. USB 2722 

Try Jam .. Automotive Service 
American and ·F.,.lgn Cars 
R .... lrs and Pollution Control. 
StucItnt Dilcount 7741 Herschll 
La Jolla (In the rear) 45'-9111 

(R) 

Typing - for accurate Typing 
on electric plea - term papers, 
theses, manuscripts, etc. C.II 
Mrs. McCroskey 217-1607. 

(R) 
Music Lessons by Experienced 
Music Teacher-Music Thera-
pist. Sitar, 5-strlng banlo, Gul-
tlr (Electric and folk styles), 
Electric bass, autoharp. Paul 
Roberts 755-7454 

DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 

(2/ 20) 

Service on Schedult. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction Is the end 
product. Helen 459-'" (R) 

ORGY s.1t 
King size Water Beds S35. High 
Quality American Made and 
guarantttd 20 yea,.. The 
Plastic OcHn. P.O. lox 1052, 
La Mala, calif., f2041 

. (2123) 

1961 Volkswagen Bug, Im-
maculate Inside and out, 11,000 
original milts . Good tires, 
englnt, ample power. UCSD 
... rklng permit. $3fO.OO or otter. 
453-7562 Irad Bishop. 

1967 o.tsun, 4 door sedan, 
automatic with radio. Good 
condition. "'5. Phone X 1072 or 
454-7352. 

For S.1e Girls (10) SptecI 
Pugeot excelllnt condition. 160. 
C.II 453-3970. 

'67 Grand Sport 400 Conv., ( 
Buick like olds 442) btlt otter. 
Must HII. call Pat atter 6 p.m. 
454-0670. 

THE ABSOLUTE TRUTH: 
"If you only hove faith in God- this is 
the absolute truth- you can say to this 
Mt. of Olives, 'Rise up and fall into the 
Mediterranean: and your command will 
be obeyed. You can pray fe r anything , 
and if you believe you have it, it's yours." 

Mork 11 :22-23. 
What is this faith all about? 

Call Linda 274-4945- Eric 274-3172 

U.C. Baptist Church-Genesee & Miramar 
Services at 8:30 & 11 :00 a .m. Sunday School 9:45 

NOI1VZINV~ 1l«>l4-NON 


