
Both 0 ramo I nstructors To leave U(SD in June 
Rose DeCosta 
Stoff Writer 

Eric Christmas and Tom McCorry, the 
Drama Department's only two instructors, will 
not be offering their services next year. It was 
revealed this week that McCorry will not be 
rehired for 1971-72 and that Christmas has not 
made himself available for reappointment. The 
circumstances behind these facts have brought 
about much concern and controversy between 
the students and Muir Provost John Stewart, the 
Drama Department's acting chairman. 
Because of this, the continued development of 
the department remains unclear. 

In a meeting with Stewart on Nov. 1, McCorry 
was given the impression that he would be 
rehired next year upon expiration of his 
contract. Then, in a Jan. 6 meeting, McCorry 
was informed that the Drama Search 
Committee, of which Stewart is chairman, 
would not renew his contract. In a memo to 
Christmas, Stewart explained, " We want 
someone with experience in the new theatre 
technology of the kind that the experimental 
theatre group is getting into." 

McCorry Shocked by Decision 
McCorry told Stewart that he was 

"disappointed" in the turn of events, but admits 
that in reality he was "damned well shocked." 
He elaborates, " I feel that going into the new 
theatre technology will not be beneficial to the 
department. What it should concentrate on now 

Tom McCorry 

is continued expansion. Maybe five years from 
now we would need someone in that field , but by 
getting him now would only be cheating the 
students. Limiting to new drama technology 
might be limiting their studies. We are also not 
financially ready for it either." 

Both drama students and McCorry feel that 
Stewart is perfectly within his rights not to 
renew McCorry's contract. McCorry, acting as 
group spokesman said, "Our main objection to 
the whole thing is that we feel that the direction 
the Drama Department is being forced towards 
is not good .... It really is a shame that neither 
Stewart nor any members of the Search 
Committee have set foot in or been to a drama 
class. We don' t think they should make 
decisions for the Drama Department when they 
haven't even seen what the drama building was 
like." 

Stewart, on the other hand , feels that he was 
well informed of the department's affairs by 
regular meetings with Christmas and his 
administrative secretary, Victoria Spencer. 
" I've also been to their productions." 
Christmas An nouncement Complicates 

Situation 
The situation created by the announcement of 

McCorry's dismissal was compounded several 
days later by the announcement that Christmas 
will "not be available for reappointment to the 
drama faculty ." Many involved immediately 
concluded that Christmas was leaving because 
McCorry would not be back next year. 

Provost Stewart and Mrs. Eric Christmas 
however both feel that there is no direct 
connection here. 

In a meeting with drama students Stewart 
told the group that he understood that 
Christmas was leaving because of "another 
better professional opportunity elsewhere." 
This "better offer" wa with Eric Christmas' 
longtime friend and colleague Michael 
Langham, at the Guthrie Theatre in 
Minneapolis. 

Five years ago Langham and Christmas 
shared the dream of building a repertory 
company at UCSD. It was because of 
Langham's prompting that Christmas came to 
this campus. Langham, then chairman of the 
Drama Department, and Christmas worked 
despera..tely towards their goa\. However thing 
began falling apart sometime last year when 
very little money could be secured for this 
project. Disappointed , Langham left UCSD to 
run the Guthrie Theatre in Minneapolis. Since 
then, Stewart has been acting chairman of the 
Drama Department. 

Drama students immediately registered 
shock upon hearing Stewart's explanation as to 
why Christmas would not be returning next 
year. Contradictions were seen but the situation 
remained unclear, as Christmas was ou1 of town 
on doctor's orders. Christmas, upon learning of 
the situation indicated to a Triton Time 
reporter that he wished to clear up a few 
gravely misunderstood facts . 

Job Offer Not Made 
He relates, "Let's get things straight. I was 

not given any job with Michael Langham at the 
Guthrie Theatre. There has been no job offer 
there . We were enthusiastic of possibilities for 
the future but it is presumptuous to assume that 
I have been given a job there. It is untrue that I 
have picked up a nice job elsewhere. In fact, 
there has been no other appointment except for 
the three-year offer that UCSD proposed. 

" It was said in private to Stewart that 
Langham suggested the possibility of my going 
to the Guthrie Theatre. I was fool enough, 
though, to pass on the gists of my conversation 
with Langham to Stewart. There is no job or 
appointment, just the possibility of it. I feel it is 
my perogative and Stewart was wrong to give 
people the impression that I was getting a job 
there." 

Christmas elaborates, " In terms of a job, I 
had nothing better than what was offered to me 
by UCSD. Here I am allotted considerable 
amounts of freedom , a fairly good salary, and I 
like the climate. I found the proposed three-year 
appointment a comfortable situation and caught 
myself feeling comfortable about the future , so 
comfortable that I bought a home here. One 
thing we do have to get straight is that I have 
not and am not resigned from UCSD. I was here 
on a year-ta-year appointment as a " lecturer. " 
Next June comes the qu es ti on of 
reappointment. I simply am not making myself 
available for reappointment. Mc orry. too, has 
not been fired. His contract ends this year al 0 
and he will not be rehired. It i an entirely 
diffe rent matter between firing and not 
rehiring." 

Condition " Intolerable" 
In a letter to the Chancellor. Christma 

outlined his reason for not returmng next year. 
He found it intolerable to work with no space 
and felt it was impossible to work as he has been 
working. The theatre was supposed to have been 
built by Jan. 7, and as it stands now it sti ll ha n't 
gone up for bids. Christmas was extremely 
unhappy about being cramped for space and 
related that UCSD was not the ollly campus in 
the UC system, other than the UCSF Medical 

triton ti 
Volume '2, Hum"er 4 University 01 (a'ilornia, San Diego 

Eric Cbristmas 
Center, without a theatre. He felt he simply 
could not tolerate such conditions any longer. 

Another question that was raised is whether 
Eric Christmas sided with Stewart and the 
Search Committee in not rehiring McCorry. 
Christmas answers, " As a member of the 
faculty and beholder of a dream, I did not in a 
personal sense endorse not re-hiring Tom 
McCorry. Technically speaking, Stewart is 
leading the department and he has been 
ultimately responsible for future planning and 
decisions. I have a strong belief in building from 
simple things, I have a belief in a timeless 
theatre. However, if the campus wishes to go in 
the way of experiemental and technical theatre, 
it is a matter of opinion. Though I found the 
situation in tolerable, I said I am prepared to 
look in that direction." 

tudent Participation Di cus ed 
At the same meeting that tewart had With 

the drama tudents. the question of tudent 
participation arose. The student complaint of 
not being involved enough with th deCision 
made about the direction of the Drama 
Department wa resolved Fir t. the earch 
Committee decided to meet wJlh all Intere ted 
student to discus and view the drama 
situation econd. th student it wa decided . 
could themselves sugge t member for the 
earch Committee 
The interests of EriC Chri tmas throughout 

the whole ituation did not go unnoticed 
Provo t tewart - e it a "a gl' at blow to 
100 e Erlc" David Garcia andWend y Wilham . 
both tudent of Chn tma .declare th<l!"ErlC' 
has made a . very peclal contrlbutlun In O\'er 
30 year of hiS work h is . till verv active. very 
contemporar . He is not a museum piece. but 
ha brought life to us." 

Frit#ay, January IS, J971 

Muir Storts- Acodemic Re-evoluotion ~. Hit'h.nChus II s ell Ut e 
. ew ance or tl ncer a ln Kathy Rust courses gives the student enough freedom to 

Stoff Writer determine where his interests lie and to develop 
his interests to the fullest. 

After being in existence for three academic 
years, Muir College has decided that a 
reevaluation of its entire General Education 
Program would be profitable. 

On June 15-17, 1970, a group of Muir students 
and faculty traveled to Warner Hot Springs to 
discuss the merits and demerits of the 
education program now in effect. La t Saturday 
the Muir College Council met in the Mandeville 
Suite in order to evaluate the product of this 
conference, the Warner Springs Report. 

After a full day of discussion council , under 
the chairmanship of Provost Stewart, 
formulated a tentative plan which it felt 
provided a better tructure for a meaningful 
educational experience at Muir College than the 
present structure. This plan was christened the 
Mandeville Suite Plan. If the Mandeville uite 
Plan is approved by the council, it will be 
submitted to the UC D Faculty Senate. Final 
approval of any change in general education 
requirement will come from thi body. 

Dean Batchelder, a member of the Muir 
College Council, tated that the coun il had 
thr e basic objectives. It wants to improve the 
quality of Muir College cour s, to increa the 
appeal of lower division cours s so that students 
will want to take them, and to give the student 
the opportunity to follow a course which best 
meets his needs. The council trongly question 
whether the maintenance of a group of required 

As Batchelder pointed out, discussions on the 
general education requirements have ranged 
from one extreme to "a rigorous set of courses 
which assumes a breadth and depth in various 
parts of the curriculum" to the other extreme 
requiring the completion of no pecific courses. 

The Mandeville Suite Plan, which is sti ll in 
the planning stages, proposes to maintain the 
graduation requirement of 45 courses, including 
" some pattern of courses that have the effect of 
concentrating and focusing the students' upper-
division studies," in the form of a standard 
departmental or interdisciplinary major or a 
pecial project. 

In addition , the Subject A and American 
History and Institution requirements, which 
are state-wide University requirement , would 
till have to be fulfilled . 
Asid from the e requirement , the 

Mandevill uite Plan ugge t that tudent b 
.. trongly urged" rath r than required to take 
cour uch a ontemporary I u , a 
languag program, and thr three- our 
sequenc I eted from th Muir 011 ge 
d partm nt . 

The next Muir olle oun iI m ting on 
Monday, Jan. 25, will b d voted to a di u ion 
of the Mand viii uite Plan. All Muir tud nt 
and faculty are invited to attend and 
their opinion . 

A new chancellor for UCSD may be named at 
the February meeting of the Board of Regents, 
UC President Charles Hitch stated at an 
interview w'lth the TRITON TIME Wednesday. 
While an element of uncertainty does exist, he 
indicated that the search has narrowed to " one 
or more" specific persons. 
" Well,I had hoped that we might be able to get 

that resolved at the January meeting, and I now 
think it more reali tic to think in terms of the 
February meeting. I am not ab olutelycertain," 
he said. 

Hitch, who had trailed a rainstorm from an I 
Franci 0 to La Jolla , wa at UCSD for th day 
at the request of Gabriel Jackson, chairman of 
the an Diego Divi ion of the Academic nate. 
He wa invit d down to talk with 
representatives of the enate and tudent. and 
faculty and the provost of th three coli ge~ 
about und rgradu te education at D. 

advice coming from faculty group to the 
Regents ... ,perhap more than in any other case 
in my experience. I don' t think that that ha 
really lowed thing down, though. I don't think 
this ha been a problem," he sa id . 

"The real problem," he continued. " i that I 
am very determined to find a chancellor who i 
acceptable to the Campus earch Committee 
and faculty and tudent , and to me and to the 
Regent , and who i willing to serve ; and we 
have ju t not been able to find yet th man who 
(continued on page 3) 



I thf~ other 8 I 
Ecology Course for Joble 

Engineer.~ at Irvine 

Thirty-four unemployed aero pace engineers have begun a 
pilot program at UC Irvine which will retrain them as 
environmental engineers, capable of designing future methods 
of fighting air and water pollution. This program is the first of 
its kind anywhere in the nation. The engineers, mostly from 
Orange County, will take classes like regular students. When 
the year-long program is completed, they will be graduated 
with " masters" degrees in environmental engineering. The 
program is funded by a $127,730 federal grant and is 
admini tered by the State Department of Human Resources as 
part of its Displaced Worker Program. The program began 
with the start of the Winter Quarter. Each of the 34 engineers 
will receive allowances of $300 a month for the duration of the 
12-month program, and $800 for fee and book . 
anta Barbara-U Grand Jury to Probe 

I. V, Police Abuse Complaillts 
A Federal Grand Jury in Los Angeles is currently 

inve tigating complaints stemming from Isla Vista I II the 
con trover ial week of alleged police brutality la t pflng'. The 
23 man Grand Jury of the Central District of Califorma. 
conducted by Assi tant U.S Attorney David Curnow. is 
deliberating on the mo t substantial of the 431 individual 
complaints filed by Isla Vista residents last spring. orne 30 
student witnesses are expected to be called and James 

ullivan , professor of economics at UC B, expect ome 
indictments to result. 

Ile oureefu/lless 
IlS)'['h%I/Y. becomlll/l 
."u. , philo ophl 
ci,ild"n 's books 
f,,·'ion. po.'n 
educationol. 
jO\ 

[ .s. &. fore iI/ II 
paperba['k, 

ma~a:in('~ 
p()(lt'n 
r('cord 

(Oord\ 

EARIH.SONG 
BOOK STORE 

1440 Camino del Mar Del Mor 755·4254 

N\ G-H, 

Berkeley-

An alumni comm ittee has been appointed to help advise 
niversity of California President Charles J . Hitch in the 

selection of a new chancellor for the Berkeley campu . The 
members of the nine-man committee were named by Christian 
E. Markey, Jr ., president of the California Alumni Association. 
President Hitch earlier had requested Markey to appoint uch 
a body. The member are : Robert Haas. San Francisco 
businessman: Dr. Charles Holloway, Palo Alto, professor ; Jay 
M. Jacobus. Orinda, attorney : William Johnson , an 
Francisco. ban~er ; John Mage. Los Angeles , insurance 
executive ; Rudolph Peterson, San Francisco, banker; John 
Sears. Orinda , attorney ; Hon. Wakefield Taylor , San 
Franci co. Court of Appeal Justice ; and Earl Willens. Beverly 
HIli , attorney. Markey will be chairman, and Jacobus will be 
vice chairman. Markey asked that recommendation be' 
submitted from members of the alumni association to the 
committee in care of the Alumni House on the Berkeley 
campus. 

AND, .. FROM A CHOOL 
OTHER THAN THE OTHER 8 

A controvers~y ha been raging at Brigham Young 
DIver Ity In Provo, Utah centering around the que tion of 

slack for women. Policie were recently liberalized 
concerning the places on campus where girls could wear 
slacks. and classrooms were not one of them. However. manv 
girls have been caught wearing slack in class and Academic 
Vice President Robert K Thomas ha called for teachers to 
tighten up on coeds wearing slacks in class. When it was 
deCided to be less restnctive concernmg the place on campu 
where girls could wear slacks we were warned that this would 
simply be a prelude to the wholesale wearing of slacks in 
class'" Thomas Said. /I e aId if the coed " feels totally 
rebellious about follOWing the standards whil:h she has signed 
to uphold . that we've made quite clear before anyone came this 
fall . we would counsel with the student about why sh is at 
BYU and if she felt very strongly about it. we would ugges t 
she transfer " Female students at BYU are allowed to wear 
slacks In the library. to sports events and to specific events and 
classes where d~ Ignated. A move is afoot. however to allow 
coeds to wear lacks to la s during unu ually bad weather 
ASBY Ombud man Mike Bush sa id he received reque ts 
from many female students for uch a change in poli CY and 
then conducted a poll to find the feelings of other women 
student. Of the coeds he interviewed, a majonty said they 
would hke to be able to wear lack during bad weather but 
most also agreed that it might hurt the image of BYU. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
lor services 
MOil , thru Sat , 

233 · 8328 

PROFESSORS ATT ACK DUMKE'S POLICIES 
State College Chancellor Glenn S. Dumke is presently 

under fire from both a group of 66 distinguished faculty 
members at the state colleges and from a majority of the 
campus newspapers . 

The elite group of professors, all who have been 
awarded outstanding professor or distinguished teacher 
awards, accused Dumke of "autocratic policies" that are 
threatening the destruction of faculty morale. Relations 
between the faculty and Chancellor Dumke have been 
strained for a long time, and were recently intensified by 
the firing of the English department chairman at Fresno 
St. with armed guards standing by. 

In 'editorials this week, 10 out of the 19 newspapers on 
the state college campuses have called for Dumke's 
resignation . The principal reasons behind this request 
stem from the fact that Dumke "has failed to stand up 
and speak on behalf of the college administrators he 
administers at a t ime when those colleges are under 
attack from all sides." 

LIBERATING GAME BANNED 
A new game, Libido, which, according to its makers, 

would help the players "liberate basic human urges," 
has been banned at Britain 's largest toy fair. 

In volved in the playing of this new game is a board and 
little beds as markers. Players win or lose paper money 
and their clothes if they lie in answering questions about 
their sexual experiences. 

Fair director Jeff Aldam protested against the display 
of Libido because "this is a respectable fair , not a strip-
tease show." Willing to demonstrate the game were four 
Leeds University students-two and two female . 

LIMIT ON HITCHIKING 
PROPOSED FOR CALIFORNIA 

A bill has been introduced in the California State 
Senate which would set curbs on hitchilting in an effort to 
cut down on related crimes . According to Sen. John 
Nejedly (R-Walnut Creek) , the bill 's author, there is a 
definite problem stemming from hitching. "There are 
too many muggings, rapes and robberies," he said . 

Even though there are present ly restrictions against 
hitchiking on freeways and in ce rtain cities, this bill 
would prohibit it on a statewide basis except in cases of 
emergency, hailing a taxicab and getting a ride to 
specified places such as stops near military installations. 

~ • "'" 'rom business cords '0 bro(nure, 

pan tJ! gS':'::::;:'I'1H S",im 
617 P..,I Sf. La J,II. 459-4944 

QOC = "''ai I:z:lClCs::;ElQCl;Jr:>o A T~o ~:~~~ <: 
'\\'\ \\\' \\\\\\ \(lltll \1\1\1\/ _-~--i-.----

up I, ID'lO. I, udenls 1 I sa w,lh I D I,mpl 101 Eve or Ip'(I,1 P.rlormon" 
$2.50 & 2.00 (Tue .• Wed .• Thurs .• Sun. Eve •. ) $2 .00 & $1 .50 (Sun. Mals. Jan . 24) 
$3 .00 & $2 .50 (Fri., SOl. Eves.) $1 .50 Stu. thru coil. & Enli sled Mil. 

Mary., Mary by ~:~:o~:v:; 
Express your 

ideas 

=~"11?.\ - c. \'T'( 'Q.oLLt\2.."'2..\ ~ "- I I ~nE 
,. I \ \ \ \ \ " \ , \ , , \ I' ,\ \ I \ I l \ \ \ ~Ul ~ -l. I 

II! 
~ 
... 

~ 
~ 
~ 2.' Z. s . Cm~051i ~U)flOS 

SQ...P.'-.lA ~~\-\ J: ... 1 ----' 
IS 

, 

H 

on\'j 

'(ouQ., 
4S ~ ECO 12..1:)<5 

--\_. \-
';:A'iO Q\,'E 
- -\ 

WE'Ll. \ .. HWE ~'E 1>\.~~ 
\'0 -. O\J~Sel.'JEs (:--

-~~--, - -
P ~A"'2.'E. '(O\)~ ~Q\~ uS 

l§\ MA?_.::t 

Page 2 Triton Times January 12, 1971 

I \ 

w~ 
on> I,)C$O 

~ 

o sprightly ond sptJrkling comedy of romantic 
marital merriment globe tbeatre on Ilog. 

phone 
239.2255 

after noon 

HONDA CARS 

For Free 
Home Oemo ... 
Call anvt,me at 
2725511 

$139500 

Pacific Honda-1269 Garnel 

in 
TRITON TIMES 

Davis Camera S 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459- 7355 

3rd College 
By-Lavvs 
Drafted 

John Zoller 
Stall Writer 

The Third College Assembly Tuesday night 
drafted critical by-laws governing selection and 
composition of the school's Board of Governors. 
although key college figures stressed after the 
meeting that the decision should not be 
considered final. 

Calling for an eight-member board that would 
include the college provost, three faculty, and 
four students, the by-laws specified that the 
students members would be one Black, one 
Chicano, one Asian-American, and one Native 
American. Each representative would be 
selected by the Third College students of his 
respective ethnic group. 

No speCific representation was provided for 
whites, who make up 20-25 per cent of the 
college's 150 students, although whites will 
continue to be eligible for full participation in 
the Assembly. 

Tuesday's action, passed 53-43, means that 
this particular method of selecting studen t 
representatives is now a part of Third College's 
"proposed by-laws." In order to become 
operative, these as yet unfinished by-laws must 
be approved on a mail ballot by two-thirds of the 
students. of the staff. and of the faculty of the 
college. Presently, the college, including the 
Board of Directors, is operating under 
provisional by-laws. 

Board Composition Discussed 
early all of the two-hour meeting was 

devoted to discussion of the selection and 
composition of the Board of Governors. " What 
we arrived at is a preliminary program ," said 
Third College Provost Dr. Joseph Watson 
afterwards . "This still has to be voted on by the 
faculty , students, and staff . This plan is 
representative of the opinions of the people here 
tonight , but it will certainly be the subject of 
continuing discussions. 

" I am sure," continued Watson, " that there 
will be some changes in this plan before it is 
finally adopted." 

At the meeting itself, Watson said he would 
vote against the plan because .it was 
"exclusionary." He did not elaborate. 

Adoption of the final plan came after a 
lengthy discussion, in the course of which two 
alternate plans were rejected . The first , 
proposed last week by a student caucus, would 
have provided three student representatives. It 
specified that one should be black, one Chicano, 
and one "other." the second alternative, 
introduced in the form of a substitute motion, 
called for five student representatives, one to be 
elected each of the ethnic groups in the 
college the whites. 

Ra diologist to Speak on Ca ncer 

Provost Joseph Watson, Third College 

Three-Student Plan Discriminatory? 
Since there are more whites in the college 

than either Asian-Americans or Native 
Americans, Phyllis Chiu argued that the three· 
student plan would effectively keep those 
minorities from being represented. " If you 're 
going to do that," she said . " You might as well 
drop the name of Third World College." 

Speaking in fa vor of the five-student plan Chiu 
continued, "We have our own needs and we are 
the only ones who know what they are .. . we 
need someone to push for the things we want. " 

"The problems of Black men are universal. " 
replied Soni Ali in favor of the three-student 
plan, " so that if we can solve the problems of 
making black communities fit to live in, we can 
solve the problem for other groups too. 

" I really don 't think there is any hostility 
between Blacks and Orientals that would cause 
Blacks to get together and vote down something 
that would be good for Asian-Americans." 

The real issue, said Kate Lawson in favor of 
the five-student plan. " is learning to share 
power. We (as white students) have as much to 
learn as anyone else. Whites are as necessary to 
the board as students of color, she said, " since 
the object was to learn to work together. " 

Watson Supports Three-Student Plan 
Provost Watson, speaking rather late in the 

discussion, supported the three-student plan. " I 
feel there should be three students because that 
will make the Board most effective. If there 
were any more than three students, there would 
also have to be more faculty , so that five 
students would mean an eleven-man board ." 

The question of ethnic compOSItion, he argued , 
should not be allowed to dictate creation of a 
board that was " too big to be efficient. A large 
board of directors could not operate ... or act as 
an effective check on the provost." 

According the Carlos Blanco, chairman of the 
Assembly. a meeting to complete work on the 
proposed by-laws will be held within two weeks. 

"Hodgkin 's Disease: ew Insight into Old Controversies" 
will be the topiC explored by Dr. Henry Seymour Kaplan at a 
lecture sponsored by the Medical School. next Wednesday 
night. 

Dr. Kaplan. Professor and Chairman of the Department of 
Radiology at Stanford University School of Medicine and a 
notable in the field of cancer research. will discuss new 
approaches to the treatment of this form of Iy:nph cancer 
which was recently con ide red a hopeless disease. The 
massive radiation treatment wh ich Dr. Kaplan helped to 
develop has brought considerable optimism for the thousands 
who suffer from the di sease. 

The lecture by Dr. Kaplan. a former president of the 
American A sociation for Cancer ResearCh , will be held 
Wednesday night at 8 in room 1105 of the Basic Sciences 
Building on Matthews campu . 

Vencere mos Brigade will Recruit II re 
Several Americans who have visi ted and worked in po t-

revol utionary uba will speak about their experiences there 
Sunday night at 7:30 in MC 201. Slides and a question period 
will accompany th talks. 

Their jaunt to the communist island was one of many called 
Venceremos Brigades which are opportunities for Castro 
sympathizers in the U.S. to vi it uba . In Cuba. the 
participants work on citrus or sugar field s for 10 we k to get a 
clo -up view of the new Cuban system and the uban people. 

.Following the lecture talks here Sunday night applications 
WIll b made available to those interested in partiCipating in 
the next brigade to uba in March. The evening i ponsored by 
the Revolutionary A tion Caucus-a newly formed radical left 
organization formed on campus. 

---,---_ ... -.-... 
r-"''' - fy 
seMIIOI & therapeutic 
WATERBEDS 
"",,-,,0 ~ fo", 

,,0\ ~ f,os"'O 
1.-4., i,,'r04ud.r, •• Ie 

KING 55500 
SIZE 
.... """'1. 1"""1 Sleep 
Th~ Waterhole 

....... .UI 
Ito-1611 .. c.t- ...... 

.. _ .. _--

Hitch Interview 
(continued from page 1) 

meets those four qualification . There are 
other qualifica tions as well ." he added . " but 
those. in my mind, are most important. " 

When asked about relations between the 
Univer ity and the state admInistration. HItch 
noted that Governor Reagan did not str ss 
problems at UC in hi s State of the State 
address: " It i a welcome change that we don 't 
figure very prominently In the speech In the 
last few years we have figured very 
prominently and this year we didn·t. and that' s 
a change for the better. " 

Answers Delayed 
Hitch declined to answer pecific que tions 

about the state budget until the Governor 
presents his budget requests on Feb. 4. He did 
state. however . that if LOS ANGELE TIMES 
education writer William Trombley's prediction 
that Reagan intends to make sizable cuts in UC 
budget requests comes true' the University will 
have "problems all along the line." He noted 
that he could not state whether or not Trombley 
was correct. He also noted that Reagan 
indicated that he would present a budget that i 
" balanced , without any increase in taxes. And if 
you've studied state finances you know that thi s 
is going to be a very tough budget for 
everybody." 

In discussing the change of membership of the 
Board of Regents with Superintendent of Public 
Instruction Wilson Riles and Assembly Speaker 
Robert Moretti , who hold ex-officio posts on the 
board , he said, " 1 think that Wilson Riles has 
given a lot of thought to it already. He's 
indicated that he's very anxious to get around 
and visit the various campu es and talk to 
students, and I am quite hopeful that he will 
take an extremely active intere t in the 

• • • 

Regents. It' s going to be harder for th speaker. 
It's always very tough for the speaker to get 
away from Sacramento for Thursdav and 
Friday when the leglsla tur IS In . e . ion ." 

Referring to th plan for an ASSOCIated 
Student lobbyist. Hitch . aId " I think it. hould 
work well I' ve discussed this wIth the ASCC 
presidents at considerable length I thmk there 
are some problems I expect that on occaSion 
the representative of ASUC will take a different 
pOSItIOn from my po ilIon. ",hl('11 IS allnght a 
long a we understand each oth r The other 
problem that I see i the general rule that the 
Internal Revenue ervlce ha agaIn t 
lobbying." He expalin d that the lobbvi t would 
have to restrict himself to matters ~f "direct 
and immediate concern to the University" or 
not only the AS but the University might loose 
its tax-free status. 

Regents " Unpredictable" 
When asked how he felt that the guidelines for 

student newspapers which must be approved by 
the Regents at their January meeting would be 
received . Hitch replied. "You can never predict 
what the Regents will do." He added ' 'I'm quite 
hopeful that they will be approved without too 
much heat. but I'm not sure." He said he was 
somewhat encouraged by the fact that when the 
guidelines were sent out to the Regents for 
comment. only one of them replied 

Hitch also said that Regent Dean A. Watkins 
has withdrawn his resolution that was scheduled 
to come up at the January Regents ' meeting 
which would have. in Hitch 's word s. "increased 
the authority of the chancellor to make 
appointments without consulta tion (of 
Academic Senate Committees) if he didn't want 
to consult. ,. This resolution was seen by 
observers as a blow a t the present system of 
tenured appointments. 

VA Plans links to Med School 
Rose DeCosto 
Staff Wr iter 

Stand ing east of the UCSD 
campus i what will soon be the 
new Veterans' Adminstration 
hospital. A $35 million project. 
this 8ll-bed hospital will be 
highly integrated with both the 
Medical School and also the 
University Hospital of San 
Diego. 

Dr. Turner Camp. director of 
the VA Hospital , is looking 
forward to joint efforts with 
the Medical School. The 
hospital will try to utilize 
residents and interns 
associated with the school and 
will also assist in training 
paramedical personnel. 

Camp expressed hopes that 
all of the hospital staff would 
also be' involved with the Med. 

~J Z()?tIi'~t~ 
2sc BEER 
entertainment 

nightly 
Silve rado & Fay 

La Jolla 

School. He indicated that the 
V.A. Hospital is not a teaching 
situation but, rather " the 
hospital is being affiliated with 
the Med School in order to offer 
the highest quality of care for 
the veterans." Working hand-
in·hand with the hospital 
administra tion will be the 
Dean's Advisory Committee. 
chaired by Dr . Averill Liebou. 
This advisory body will deal 
with the educational needs and 
problems of the interns and 
residents. 

One remarkable feature of 
this hospital rests in its 
architecture. To achieve the 
maximum amount of 
flexibility , designers of the 
V.A. Ho pital (C harles 
Luckman and A sociates ) 
employed interstitial service 

1~\ the 
itt h' WJt'fj 

are 
turning 

this city on, 

floors , long pans and movable 
outer walls . A highly 
innovative idea. the movable 
walls provide much leeway for 
adaptibility. There are no 
weight -bearing internal 
structures. and the walls are 
ceiling-hung. Flexibility wa 
the prime goal in the hospital's 
construction. This is e pecially 
important since a ho pital 
mu t be able to adjust tc new 
technology 

The six floors and basement 
of the building presently 
constitute 400.000 square feet 
of usable space. By moving the 
walls around, the hospital can 
expand to 600 .000 square feet of 
space as a mean of modifying. 
and responding to changing 
requirements. Turner notes 
that these change can be made 
rather inexpen ively. 

All the plumbing and 
electrical sy terns are located 
within the interstitial spaces. 
They too can be modified for 
future need with the minimal 
amounts of co t and effort 

Bu ilt bv The Bate on 
Construction Company. the 
hospital broke ground a year 
and a half ago. and i presentl) 
ah ad of schedule Turn r sa\' . 
" We hop to begm admitting 
patient thiS comIng 
December. " 

Dr Turner made It clear that 
the V A Ho pltal Wd urgently 
needed to serve th ne d of th 
200 .000 veteran ' in the an 
DIego area alan It will be 
strictly a veteran ' ho pltal and 
th re wlll be no dependent 
care, excludin a fe\\ ,en 
re tn('ted xceptlon . 

Fund for th contru hon of 
th hospital were allocated 
'!'Om th Veteran· Alation 
n Wa hmgton D.C The 

10 pital wHl empl y about 
15.000 people All will be 
employed through ivll 

rVlce. exc pt for the nur 
~i,) j ldll ,IIlJ Ii 'Hli l 

Th Vet ran ' Ho p'tal are 
world leader in pmal ord 
Inqu ry and eurol~& ical 
Treatm nt amp menuon d 
that thi particular ho pltal 
will work 10 the treatment of 
chrom and dIsabling dlsea 
" In few year we might lead 
to lr n plant and open heart 
urg ry ," say Turn r C mp 

Triton Time, January IS r 1971 



Pe rs pectives 
on dorm life 

Pbotos by Jobannes yon Endler 

Page 4 Triton Times January 15, 1971 

Grobstein Interview 

Med S(hool-Community; Interaction Stressed 
Juliano Cinque 

Staff Wr iter 

" The close interaction of the medical school and 
campus," is one of the features that makes the UCSD 
medical school distinctive, according to Clifford Grobstein, 
vice-chancellor of Health Sciences and dean of the Medical 
School. M any medical schools are not located on the campus 
with which they are affiliated . " There is an emphasis on the 
relationship between science and medicine," he pointed out 
" Some claim it has been overemphasized w i th a resul ting 
impersonal approach to the patient. A cur r ent emphasis is 
being made to emphasize the patient as a human being." 
The school is also trying " not to stratify the clinical and 
basic sciences, as is traditionally done; bu t to intermix the 
two." Finally, in recruiting the faculty, ever y effort is being 
made to obtain those that are strong scient if ically, but who 
have maintained an interest in patient care." 

Subjective Factors Influence Admission 
" We have recogn ized the impor tance of m inority medical 

practitioners: 'Grobstein said, in discussing black and brown 
students at the m edical school. " Frequently, m inority 

THE TRAGIC 
OF lEROT 

plus ... 

ANIMA O r iental Sex Moods~i"l 
BURLESQUE Hippie Strippie . 
SATURDAY MIDNIGHT 
---FIKE ARTS ...... 1818 GARNET STREET 274·4000 

S. Hurok 
Presents 
A new star 
of the 
Classical 
Guitar 

M 
I 
C 
H 
A 
E 
L 

Sun _ Jan. 17 
UCSD 
Gym 

8:30 p.m. 

$1 .00 UCSD Students 
$2 ,00 UCSD Staff 
$3 .00 Gen. Adm, 
....... " u,,, Nell ... OHk. 

students are not motivated to become doctors , partly it 's 
money, partly i t's beca use they know there's a long road 
ahead. Adm ission is based on other factors in addition to the 
t raditional G.P.A. and Med·CAT scores. Through 
interviews, subjective factors such as motivation , the 
concern of the applicant for other people and his stability 
are assessed ." 

In responses to charges in the SAN DIEGO U ION that 
the school is overly lenient to minority students, Grobstein 
replied that, " The quite high standard for obtaining an 
M.D. from UCSD are not changed ." 

If Hippocrates were alive today, would he get into UCSD 
medica l school? " He'd have a better chance of getting here, 
than in most medical schools. I'm not sure he'd get in 
though," Grobstein said honestly. " But CSD is especially 
interested in unu ual cases. If Hippocrates was good as they 
said he was, he'd have probably gotten in." 

As dean, Dr. Grobstein is head of the faculty at the 
medical school , and has the responsibility of overseeing the 
medical school's effective operation. It takes ten million 
dollars a year to operate the medical chool. The school is 
Supported for the most part equally by both the sla te and 
federal governments. 

Financial Aid Due in Part to Quality of Faculty 
Many medical schools have been hit hard by the current 

trend of declining federal support. UCSD medical chool. 
thu far , ha e caped this fate . As Dr. Grobste in explained, 
" We 've been operating against the general current. As a 
new school UC 0 ha been obtaining Increased support both 
on the state and federal levels. " Dr. Grobstein feels that one 
reason for the school' success in obtaining finanCial aid is 
due to the outstanding quality of its faculty members. 

Yet what about the background of the man who ha had so 

much to do with haping the cour of medical school? Dr. 
Grobstein obtain d his Ph.D. in zoology from CLA. In the 
course of his work, Dr. Grob tein wrote an introductory 
biology book , The Strategy of Life. While the book develops 
the idea of a " unified concept of the nature of life itself. " 
Dr. Grob tein 's work as a zoologist concerned the 
development of the embryo into an adult organism through 
cell differentiation. He was specifically concerned with the 
interaction between cells and tissue In controlling the 
appearance of pecialized cell type For Instance. hi work 
has involved the formation of digestive cells in the cultured 
embryonic mouse pancreas 

Grobstein Recieved Award for tudies 
His tudies were rewarded bv the Albert Brachet Award. 

given by the Belgian Royal "Academy of ciences Dr 
Grobsteln is a member of the :\'ational Academy of SCience 
and a past pre ident of the AmeCican Society of Zoologist 

In 1965 Dr. Grobstein came to UC D a chairman of the 
Biology Department. While at that lime he had no 
expectation of becoming d an of the medical school, from 
the beginning he was interested in actively participating in a 
form of medical education with a new lant- that of a closer 
interdigitation between the medical and biological clences. 
Indeed. it was this factor that seduced him away from the 
position of chairman of Biological clences at Stanford 

The student faculty committee apPOinted to look for a new 
chancellor has cho en Dr Grab tein a Its lead candidate 
However , a the Regents are eking to appoint a chancellor 
who IS politically more conservative than prevIOus one. 
they are compiling their own Ii t of candidate. Whether or 
not Dean Grob tein IS selected for chancellor hlp remain 
to be 

on'tmar 
• 

a ric 
Not unt il you f ind out j ust how 
reward ing a career in Computer 
Sales or Systems Support is wi th 
RCA, 
Computer Salesmen at RCA are 
sell ing packages that are eight-
een months ahead of major com -
petitors, 
Large time-sharing computers 

that can support over 350 remote 
terminals. 

And , th is is only the beginning. 

We are, at present, doubling our 
sa les fo rce: 

We also intend to increase our 
business at twice the rate o f the 
computer industry. 

ir ! 
We are a highly d iversified , total 
systems oriented company-con-
cerned with the problems of the 
future . 

So THINK about your future. Our 
sales force is drawn from a va-
riety of majors-a technical de-
gree is not required - we are 
more interested in your motiva-
tion. 

For more information contact 
your College Placement Director, 
or write directly to RCA College 
Relations, D ept. L, Cherry Hill , 
Camden, New Jersey 08101. We 
are an equal opportunity em-
ployer. 

On Campus Interviews 

February 17, 1971 

nell 

Triton Times January 15, 1971 Page 5 



Page 6 Triton Times January 15, 1971 

You don't like us. Sometimes 
we don't like ourselves. We're an 
establishment company. Big, slow, 
traditional, hung up on red tape 
and precedent. Or so it seems at 
times. 

Yet we apologize to no man 
for what we've done. We've 
helped build the best communica-
tions system in the world. 

And we were encouraging 
our people to get involved in 
social responsibility and com-
munity affairs long before you 
were born. 

But we need fresh ideas. 
That's where you come in. We're 
hiring people who can help im-
prove the system. Change it if 
necessary. Make it work faster, 
cheaper, more efficiently. 

To do that you'll have to be 
able to take responsibility. Cut 

• 

through several layers of red tape 
to get the job done. Get it done 
right. 

And be rewarded for doing 
so. It costs money to get good 
people. We pay it. Your major isn't 
the most important thing. It takes 
all kinds of people to run a phone 
company. You'll find that out 
when you come to work for us. 

If you think you can help 
solve some of our problems, put 
us on your list of companies to 
talk to. We're very good at talking. 

It's our business. 
We're here to hire. 

@ Pacific Telephone 

Pag.7 



• • opinion 
The opinions expreued on these poges ore those of the authors wt-.ose nomes appear in th~ bylines and do not neces-
oorily relle<l the views 01 the TRITON TIMES. Anyone dl!Sir ing to submit material to be publIShed on these pages should 
send it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD. 

UCSD Legal Defense Fund Revived 
Mike Lyon 

The students of the University of California at 
San Diego, having recognized the improper 
proceeding in many of the nation's courts, have 
found it necessary to establish a committee and 
defense fund to insure the rights of themselves 
and other individuals from within the 
community and the country'. 

The preceding statement cites the baSIC 
reason behind the formation of the UCSD Legal 
Defense Fund Committee. Before last quarter 
the Defense Fund Committee had been a 
defunct organization, arising only at times when 
a national revolutionary figure had been 
arrested and the sympathies of the students 
motivated them to do omething for his defense. 
This is exactly what happened la t quarter when 
Angela Davi wa arre ted . A meeting was 
called of all those interested in the Defense 
Committee. Officers were elected on the spot, 
and it was up to them to sohcit funds and to 
propagandize (in the literary sense) in behalf of 
Sister Angela . 

There was a faction among the leadership 
that sought to take the traditional Defense 
Committee route, a crisi oriented route, which 
was to have a rally , get some money and send it 
out. then die till next time. The other portion of 
the leadership aw a long-range and more 
effective role that the Defen e Committee could 
playas far a the welfare of the students and 
communication with the community was 

concerned, and decided to make it an official 
and permanent organization to advise on and 
safeguard the rights of the people on this 
campus and those that they support. 

Three committees were established to carry 
out committee function and two co-chairmen 
were placed on each committee. The 
committees and their chairmen are as follows : 
The Finance Committee is chaired by Michael 
Lyons and Brian Kenny. The purpose of this 
committee is to solicit funds, di perse fund 
(with the General Body of Committee Members 
approval), and deposit funds in the bank account 
(which is at the Southern California 1st 

ational ): Publications Committee is chaired by 
John Palmer and Michael Garrett. The purpose 
of the committee is to publicize peakers 
requisitioned by the Defense Committee and to 
keep the students up to date on other happening 
of political and general interest : Research 
Committee, whose function i to research ca es 
to be supported, give information on lawyers 
and bailbondsmen and also maintain a 
miniature law library. This committee is 
chaired by Paul DeVan and Francisco Estrada , 
who are also the co-chairmen of the 
organization, 

This. students, is YOU R defense fund and 
committee. established and active for YOU. All 
of you who wish to become actively involved in 
the committee should attend the meeting, for 
which times will be posted across campus. 

Realm Of Smug 
andy Mcintosh 

Througb the Forest and the Mountain 
Floats the cloud so heavy laden, 
With its load of sulfrous suhstance, 
With its soot that birds bave played in. 
With the lead and lung abrasives 
Floats the smog through lea and pasture. 
Bigger, darker, ever onward 
Floats the filth of manufacture. 
moke not , drink not , dope not , Loved One. 

Wait, tbe air will get you surely. 
You must tay all clean and healthy. 
Breathe not deeply, bathe so purely. 
Flows the water through the valley, 
Through the canyon terraced neatly. 

Flows tbe water dark and dirty. 
All the fish and game die sweetly. 
Pave the meadows, pave the mountains, 
Make the way for cars to speed on, 
Thus we see our molded tract land 
From the road all neat to bleed on, 
Lo, the swelling, roiling ocean. 
Hark the surfers screaming loudly-
Picnic trasb on heach abandoned-
Tbrowing beer cans, messing proudly. 
Tbus the land of Hiawatha 
Is improved by progress daily; 
Strikes and marches, profits, money; 
As we spray our armpits gaily. 

triton tiIlles 
Editor-in-( lil'l .. il,)"",.,.! C,:rnrPnn 
Cilv Edir.,r ...... . . Carl \f'ilillrl!('f 
"a-nagi ng ErlilHr ...... \1 i ~r II.lu~ er 
COP) Edilor .... , . , Chllc~ (;raham 

BlI ~ine~~ lit na"l'f. , ..... J df F ric!1 
Ediloriall),rt'('lur . . H,w lIl (0111 rerlh 
A"orial~ C,h E.tilor . . . (hq' lI J()\ller 

. \1(11) St;h i /I 
,\rl, E.tilor ......... T,'rr) Hural 

I Sporl- Edil"r . , .. .. . HOf ~~ lIalfoll 
Phulo/l:ruph, Edilor . John Zallcr 
.oniriblllin!( Edilflr .. , . If'\(' Lanrlall 

News Oepartment 
tn~e- De Code 
Rod Lorang 
Robert M,II.r 
John Zoller 
Ed Boyle 
Juliano Cinque 
Bobb,e Fink 
Bruce Morden 
Fronk Phillips 
ClIII Po,t 
Kathy Rust 
Barbaro Simon 
Jeff Graham 
Don Greene 
Mike Roberts 

Arh Deportment 
Tom B •• r 
Jay G,II.lle 
Peter Gordon 
larry Johnson 
linda McAlli,ter 
Sargun Tont 
Artists 
Sarah McKenna 
Allan Sekula 
George Salon; 

Advertising 
Deportment 
Mark Trilling 
Susan Cad .. 
Molly Selvin 

Secretarial StaH 
Steve Cohen 
Marge VanVolken· 

burgh 

Ass' t Managing Ed. Copy Dopartmont 
Joe Eastern Sharon Weldy 
Co my Sharlck Debbie Montgomery 

Paul Toy,,,er 
Photography Produ<lion 
Jan Fronek Dove Buchbinder 

Glona Schroeter 

The TRITON TIMES i, offl<lally recognized and .upported as a ,tudent ne""spaper by the C~mmunicatiansBo~rd 
01 the UnlV""ty of Co)'!ornla. San Diego, BUilding 250, Matthew. Campu.,La Jolla, Californl. 92037. Publl<ahon 
is twICe wltkly on Tuesdays and Fridays. Off,co. or. located in room 117, Blok. Hall, on the Revelle Campu,. For 
Adv," ISlng phone ~53 · 2000, X1017 , for editor ialorn.wlphone)(1016. 

Page 8 Tri ton Times January 15, 1971 

Angela Davis 

"Mr. Rookie" 
Mic hael Angu 

Jim Sills, in "The Girl Who has Everything," 
touches so many subjects wilh equal disregard 
for truth that it becomes difficult to decide 
which absurdity to comment on first. Perhaps 
the besl method is to proceed in chronological 
order. 

First, a few additional "facts" to add to Sills' 
incomplete list: 

I ) The weapons were purchased by Miss 
Davis several months prior to their eventual 
use, the most recent having been obtained in 
January, 1970, eight months before the Marin 
County incident. Added to lhe fact that Miss 
Davis had not been in possession of these 
weapons for several months, premeditation on 
her part (not to mention participation) in the 
attempted jail break becomes dubious. 

2) The flight of Miss Davis is very 
understandable considering both the present 
state administration and the media , neither of 
which could be classified as unbiased. 

3) Angela Davis will " receive her fair day in 
court" only (repeat, only ) if public arousal is as 
obvious as it was for Huey P. Newton. 
(Incidentally, Newton was acquitted of first 
degree murder not by "a legal mistake no 
bigger than your thumb," but by a complete 
lack of prosecution evidence. The manslaughter 
sentence was a cop-out. the jury apparently not 
seeing fit to allow the just release of a "Black 
Militant. .. 

Sills. at this point. ignores political reality by 
refusing to acknowledge the type of repressive 
mentality which has. from the beginning, 
attempted to rai lroad Angela Davis. Sills also 
attempts to di miss racism as a causal factor in 
the hounding of Miss Davis. We can only hope it 
is altruism. rather than blindness, which clouds 

Mr. Sills' thinking. I work 40 hours a week as a 
full-fledged member of the working class, and 
to hear Angela Davis termed " that nig~er 
Communist" is a happen-stance for exceedmg 
chance probability. 

The next third of Mr. Sills' article is an 
unbelievable exercise in racism and 
condescension. (We especially love the 
sentence, "Though she (Angela Davis) 
normally sports the biggest Afro this side of the 
Zambesi ... ") 

Sills then gives us a one-paragraph course in 
mind-reading. He has seen contempt on the face 
of Angela Davis, a seemingly understandable 
phenomenon. But then, totally ignoring the 
context of Miss Davis' speech, Sills chooses 
instead to interpret the contemptuous look as 
directed at her partisans rather than at those 
whom she attacks. An interesting analysis, 
indeed. 

Finally , the outrage. Jim Sills. "Mr. Honkie, ,. 
tries to tell us all exactly what it is the Black 
community wants. He uses statistics which, if 
anything, demon trate the power of the media 
to maintain the status quo (regardless of the 
race, creed, color , or national origin of those 
who use the media ). 

0, a t last, we have the picture of Jim Sills, 
using " the usual lies and distortions" he so 
emphatically attacks. Interesting, to say the 
least. 

(l should enter here that I have no particular 
fondness for Miss Davis' doctrine of Marxist-
Leninism. I merely expect Angela Davis to 
receive the dignity, respect, and justice due to 
all people everywhere. Governor Reagan, the 
Regents, and apparenUy Jim Sills, do not 
agree. ) 

Profits of Disease 
James Hervey Joh nson 

The profits of disease are enormous, 
estimated at $67 Billion a year, but probably 
more. Medical doctors in California are 
reported to have earned an average of $70,000 a 
year in 1969, Drug companies, hospitals, and all 
the other things that go with treating disease 
make multibillion dollar profits. The end is not 
in sight. More costs pile up on more costs. The 
expense of sickness has gone beyond the 
average Person's ability to pay. As a result, 
tens of billions of dollars are charged to the 
taxpayers. 

In the name of science. much of it psuedo 
science, hundred s of millions of words of 
publicity on new medical inventions, drugs and 
experiments, are issued annually. Advertising 
campaigns on new drugs run into many millions 
of dollars. Yet, we have a nation of mentally 
and physically sick people. 

There is no profit in the propagation of 
natural health. The medical societies and the 
drug trusts are very jealous, and make every 
effort to suppress any publicity on natural 
health. They call any proponent of this great 
system a " food faddist" or a " health nut. " The 
wise man listens to all sides and makes his own 
choice after examination of results. 

Natural Health advocates know both sides of 
the health picture. Except for a few young ones, 
practically all have tried out the orthodox, 
established medical and drug system, and found 
it to be a failure . They have suffered from it -
then having tried the natural health system, 
they have opened a new world"" of health 
enjoyment and better living. We natural health 
advocates are hard-headed realist . We don't 
take publicity. authority or anything on faith . If 
the plan works, we know it is for us- if it doesn't 
work , we reject it. We a k all to follow the same 
te ting procedure-it takes work. will power 
and pati nce. We don 't get health from a pill or 
a bottle It must be earned by study, testing and 
work. No one can have a trong body and 
mu les without exercising them , and we 
b Iieve in vigorous physica l activity. It is as 
important for a happy life a is th food w eat. 

We have found that natur ' products, upon 
whi h our remote animal ancestors and our 
later primitive forebearers lived for count! s 
centuri s, and for which our bodi s have been 
adapted and adjusted by evolution, are the best 

for us . 
Il sounds silly to us to live on refined, doped , 

chemicalized, denatured foods , and then have to 
take pills, vitamins, and drugs to let us rec~er 
from the unnatural foods . 

There are billions of different animals that 
live healthy lives on natural foods. Why must 
modern man be such a sickly creature? 

We have found that we don't have to be sick. 
And, because we have found it such a great 
benefit, we wish to share our experience with 
those wise enough to test natural health , 
proving to them how wonderful it is. 

Classes on natural health will be held each 
Tuesday at 7 p.m. at the Experimental College 
in Aztec Center of San Diego State. There is no 
charge. 

HEALTH PROBLEMS? 

atural health advocates have no health 
problem. We don 't smoke, so we do not fear lung 
cancer and emphysema, and don 't pollute our 
stomachs with alcoholic drinks that are poison 
to us. We don ' t worry about drunk ~riving , for 
we never get drunk. Dope, marijuana , speed? 
What can we use them for? We feel good. Our 
minds work like clockwork- and we have no 
problems of crime, suicide, broken love affairs 
from the use of the killer drugs , and all the 
problems tha t go with all these stimulants, 
depre sanl and life destroyers. And , of course 
we have our money to buy other things for our 
happiness that th addicts do not have. We pity 
the poor slaves, victims of pushers, peddlers, 
tobacco and liquor trusts who are seeking to 
enmesh their victim in habit-forming poisons 
so that they may gain massive profits at others' 
expen e. 

We need no drug . High medical and hospital 
co ts, and ven the food we eat aren't major 
problems. IL has 10 taste good, be delicious, 
without condiment and doctoring, and we like 
to eat our fill , knowing it won 't hurt us, and we 
enjoy eating and walking and phy leal activity. 
We urge oth rs to try our system, Giv it a fair 
trial and let it pro v it If to you. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
Correction: 
mis-quote 
Sir; 

I am reported in the January 
12 issue of your journal as 
apologizing to Dr. Arthur 
Jensen, ID tile aame of tbe 
UCSD studeDt body, for his 
mistreatment at Salk Institute. 

This is an inaccurate quote. 
The apology was strictly on 

behalf of myself as a member 
of the AS government. I also 
observed that the students had 
rece ntly voted against 
disruption of speakers in a 
referendum. 

I did not, however, presume 
to speak in the name of the 
UCSD student body. I have no 
such authority. 

Thank you , 

venture outside the walls of 
academia." If a relevant 
professor should overcome his 
" fear" through some triumph 
of the human spirit and 
"venture" outside the walls of 
academia, Mr. Hayes says, 
"they look down their noses at 
people outside the university 
community thinking them to be 
ignorant obtuse individuals 
who can't wait to have their 
next martini or next year's 
car." With Mr. Hayes on 
campus, professors certainly 
don't have to leave the campus 
to see " ignorant obtuse 
individuals." Unfortunately for 
those interested in psychology, 
Mr. Hayes failed to analyze the 
motivations for teaching which 
he sees in those professors 
whose irrelevancy he so 
admires. 

Mr. Hayes castigates the 
Jim Sills pol i t ica lIef t fo r its 

lIRe/evant" Profs 
Are Frauds 

"conspicuou s ly absent" 
"sensibility of responsibility." 
It is indeed unfortunate that 
some leftists display no 
"sensibility 0 f responsibility." 

Editor ; It is indeed ironic that anyone 
Recently I was greatly so blatantly lacking any 

enlerta ined by an article which "sensibility of responsibility" 
appeared in the newspaper, as Mr. Hayes would make thi s 
DIMENSIO . I'm referring to fact known. 
the article entitled, "Relevant With a mind so abundantly 
Profs: The Hollow Men," by unrestrained by intelligence, it 
Jim Hayes. will be a great loss to the 

According to Mr. Hayes, university when Mr. Hayes 
"relevant" professors are in dedicates his energies to 
reali ty, " frauds." Since he business. Perhaps he could be 
feels that the major criteria for convinced to forsake the 
professorial excellence is American Dream remaining on 
irrelevancy, I regret that Mr. campus entertaining us with 
Hayes finds himself on a his irrelevancy. if he must 
campus which is complicating leave, I would suggest that he 
his education with relevant dedicate his great intellect to 
teaching. that great shrine of American 

Next Mr. Hayes focuses on Religiou s consumerism , 
the motivation of relevant Madison Avenue. He can find 
professors , saying "They are fulfillment in such relevant 
often misfits who fear to endeavors as demonstrating 

the efficacy of smoking to 
children. 

One thing is abundantly 
clear , if substance is 
determined by the degree of 
irrelevancy, then Mr. Hayes 
can never be characterized as 
hollow. 

Fred Piper III 

Moderates? 
Dear Editor 

I have been severely 
attacked by many persons 
concerning my recent article 
"Moderates Maneuver for A.S. 
Power." I wish to clarify 
several points and express 
some opinions which I hold 
which could not be presented in 
the article. 

Throughout the article I used 
the word moderate to designate 
Karl Keating, Jim Sills, Mike 
Sheerin and associa tes. I 
employed this label to these 
people because they began as 
the Associated Moderate 
Students and published 
DIME SION; A Journal of 
Moderate Opinion . As has been 
pointed out to me that title is no 
longer carried. In fact this 
group of conservative students 
now publish a journal of 
irresponsible opinion. One third 
of their articles have obviously 
fictitious bylines. Their 
remarks concerning political 
activities often seem absurd 
and illogical. 

Recently the Triton Times 
printed a letter supposedly 
announcing Mr. Keating 's 
candidacy. It was superbly 
done and I congratulate Mr. 
Sheldon. While Mr. Keating has 
not actually announced hi 
candidacy, it would be a 
surprise to us all if he does not 
run come spring. The attack on 
Mr. Palcic and the A S. is only 

a continuation of their 
unsuccessful attack of last 
year. In this area I am 
extremely bias. I personally 
have worked closely with the 
AS for the past two years as 
Revelle Senator at large and 
now as Commissioner of 
Community Service. I have 
known the AS operation under 
four different presidents and I 
believe that Heavy has the 
capability of surpa sing his 
predecessors in 
accomplishments by the end of 
the winter quarter. Heavy is 
firm in his commitment to 
serve the students and those of 
us on the council who feel that 
we have accomplished 
something owe some thanks to 
his leadership. 

Mr. Sheerin's comment on 
the non· representativeness of 
the AS and its cliquishness has 

I 

some valid points but I 
challenge him or anyone else to 
come up with an ideal 
solution-we've been trying for 
years. 

To conclude, as long as there 
are those in power and those 
out of power there will be 
struggles and debates but I 
sincerely hope that the AS and 
the college- governing bodies 
can continue to be composed of 
responsible students such as 
those now serving the student 
body. 

Bruce Morden 

In Protest 
Editor ; 

Though this may be in vam, I 
wish to protest the clapping 
down action of peaker-to-be 

I ~,1o. 

Jensen Though such action 
may seem commendable. at 
face value. it carries deeper 
implication , at least for me. 
What are these? How about the 
choice to hear what another 
has to say-especially if there 's 
an opportunIty for a listener to 
question the peaker. Secondiy. 
there 's the matter of 
judgement. How many more 
upervisors are necessary to 

make decisions for us (to hear 
or not to hear)? Next. what 
peak loude t, action or 
words~ Or rather. do biased 
words from one always re ulL 
in unfair action by other ? In 
short, how does action aga m t 
racism begin -through 
cooperatIOn or through 
dominance of others? 

B. Chapman 

THE GOLDEN OLDIE FILM SOCIETY 
presen ts 

The January Film Festival 
SAT. NIGHT 
JAN.16 MARX 
BROTHERS 

• In 
A classic in HORSE 

FEATHERS 
movie-making. 

JAN.23 
JAN.30 

THE CAINE MUTINY with Humphry Bogart 
ON THE WA TERFRONT with Marlon Brando 

MIDSUMMER'S NIGHT DREAM 
Royal Shakespeare Company with Dianne Rigg 
THE ANATOMY OF A MURDER 
with James Stewart, Ben Gazzara, Lee Remick 

~PLUS 
"8 us Stop" 

with 
Marilyn Monroe 

P I ace: Sum n er A u d. (0 t Scr i p ps) 
Time: 6:30 p.m. 

Tickets available for 
entire series at Urey 

Office Hall ,Box or 
105 Me (see Nora Aust) 

Ticlcets lor Jon. 16 on'y 15< ot tlte floor. 

Triton Time, Ja"uary 15, Page 9 



Concert ~eview 

Lili Kraus With 
The S.D. Symphony 

Lorry Johnson 
Arts Writer 

T~e San. D!ego Symphony was warmly received by a large 
audience In Its annual all Mozart program, featuring famed 
classical pianist Lili Kraus . On stage and off, Miss Kraus is a 
warm and charming I~dy . as well as great musician. 

While art is not quite the matter of fact that, say, 
engineering is, a critic must distinguish between the technical 
quality of a performance, and the interpretive quality , with the 
latter considerably more of a matter of opinion. From a 
technical point of view she could not be faulted for her 
performance of the concerti for piano and orchestra, in D 
Minor, no. 20, and in G Major. According to my point of view 
however, while she played with a robust dramatic flare she 
did .not give the pieces sufficient warmth- particularily the G 
Major concert. She certainly does play with a dramatic 
exuber~nce, both. in music and in gesture. She even fidgets 
rhythmically durIng the orchestral passages. Some limes for 
dramat~c effect she would actually alter the score, playing 
something other than what Mozart had written . Whether this is 
musically moral is a matter of opinion. My own opinion is that 
Mozart knew what he was dOIng, and that in general it is 
Improper to take such liberties. After all an artist can 
compose his own works if he likes that belt~r. All of this is 
deb~table . What is not debatable is that Miss Kraus whatever 
her Interpretation, is a classical pianist of the first w~ter . 
. Under the baton of Zoltan Rozsnyai the orchestra generally 

did very well , b~th In. support and during its own portion of the 
program. The Divertimento (Serenata Notturna) , in D Major, 
came off very well , beIng played with a sensitive touch. Special 
h?nors to the string quartet which served as the heart of the 
p~e~e : Rob~rt Emile, Alfiere Pierno, and Douglas Mounger, 
vlOhmsts, With Glenn Block, double bass. 

The final offering of the evening. the Symphony No. 39. in E 
Flat Major, was played very richly. It was played with the full 
or~hestra , ~ather than the smaller orchestra of Mozart's day. 
ThiS gave It a fuller sound than it usually is given. While 
unu.sual, the effect was not unpleasing. The strings were at 
their resonant best. 

The next symphony, February 4-5, will feature Lorin 
Hollander. This 26 year old pi?nist is concerned with involving 
younger people. In great mUSIC, and sees things pretty much 
from our own Side of the generation gap. I will look forward to 
attending his concert. 

Movie Review 

Boy Gets M*th*r 
Jell Fried 

Business Manager 

"WH ERE'S POPPA?" I don 't know where the hell poppa is 
but momma was alive and kicking at the Valley Circle Theater 
where"WHERE'S POPPA?" a new film with George Segal and 
Ruth Gorden opened recently. 

Many a new film such a MASH relies on irreverence a the 
vehicle for its humor. very few Will succeed to the extent that 
WHERE' POPPA?" has. 

The opemng scene sets the tage for the entire film egal 
arises. washes, then proceeds to don a gorilla suit and go on a 
rampage in his mother's room. His attempt to sca re her to 
death is cut short when shc lands a short jab to the balls. From 
this sedate beginning the film begin to expand . We see that 
Segal has I een tormented for 4 years by his absolutely crazy 
mother. a nother always asking " where's poppa?" From her 
breakfa t (f cereal With pepsi cola to her tush bitting sequen 'e 
he is entir~1 wacky without a smgle sane moment 
Of almo! t equal beauty are the scenes involving the torment 

of Segar !.rother and his nightly trips acros Central Park. 
When mot er berome unbearablc George calls brother and 
across Cen ral Park he runs On every trip d ,oss he i!Tf'lugged 
by Mothel f' ' ker and hi brothers. Motherf"ker is very 
under tantlng. but money must change hands. It is th 
mugger ~xl .. When bychance he leaves home without any 
money he I' relieved of hi clothes. On the return trip he wears 
George 's prilla suit. Once again he is slopped. however on this 
trip he is allow d to join in Motherfukers game. But this time 
the game Ii rape. How many of us have seen a man in a gorrilla 
suit rape a cop in drag? 

The film . filled With en s uch a describ d above is 
almost totally honest. But as With most products de tined 'for 
th eyes and ears of the American public it has been alt red. 
An exammatlOn of th book from which th film was taken 
reveal that the ending ha b n tamp red with. In the film we 
have the typical happy ending. boy gets girl The book however 
carrie on in the spirit of irreveren e that produce it b auty. 
Can you imagine a better endmg to the fable than George 10 bed 
with mother . groping for h r g nitals whi pring. poppa 's 
h re, poppa 's here ..... "boy g ts mother " 

Page 10 Triton Times January 15, 1971 

Quality Strikes at the Friday Nite Flicks 
Corrie Rickey 
Arts Writer 

Weekends at UC D, generally speaking, don't offer anything 
out of the ordinary as far as entertainment goe . However, thi 
quarter, a vast improvement has been made with the choice in 
the Friday ight Flick, thereby offering the campu 
community 20 alternative to the usual smokey room with 
music on low-fi. 

Last Friday the inaugural film of the series was " Butch 
Cassidy and the Sundance Kid," the western tarring Paul 
Newman, Robert Redford , and Katharine Ross, about a pair of 
hustlers { ewman's inescapable role( who jump off cliffs and 
whatnot ,much to the delight of cinematographers and viewers 
and, who like all bad guys, get their just reward in a Latin 
American country. 

If you , like some very up tanding members of this 
community, are in fear of the seemingly imminent Red Threat, 
you will be interested to see this Friday's showing of Fred 
Schwartz' "Crimson Shadow," a film produced by the 
Christian Anti-Communist Crusade. It is rumored that 
DIMENSION may pay your admission if you are in need. After 
your indoctrination, you can watch a simulated cinematic 
Communist invasion of the United States, the farcical "The 
Russians Are Coming" which stars Alan Arkin and Carl Reiner 
as political polar opposites, but on the human being scale, very 
similar. 

On Thursday , January 21 , and on the following Sunday the 
Flicks' will screen "Genesis II "-a series of short films that 
were shown last year at the Unicorn Theatre with much 
success. 

Friday, January 22, a Czech film, "The Children of 
Paradise," will be shown. David Wallace, one of the 'Flicks' 
coordinators, had one word for the film , an emphatic 
"I CREDIBLE!" 

January 29 will bring a visual and aural delight with the 
showing of " Monterey Pop," a film account of the mammoth 
concert, starring the departed Otis Redding, Janis Joplin , 
Jimmi Hendrix , and also Eric Burdon. The Mamas and the 
Papas, the Jefferson Airplane, and, you name it. 

On the following evening, Sunday January 30, a New-York 
made film ,"Brand X," will screen. The film is a spoof on nearly 

every facet of television , and supposedly, nothing is sacred . All 
from commercials to soap operas will be satirized , 

One of the finest Italian films of the past decade. Fellini's 
film autobiography of the trials of a director, "81,z" will be 
shown on February 5. The movie sta rs Marcello Mastroanni , 
Anouk Aimee , and Claudia Cardinale. Playing with " 8'z" 
will be a short called " Dream of Wild Horses." 

February 12 will bring the ocean-lover 's ecstasy-Cousteau's 
" World Without Sun" will be co-billed with Peter Sellers' first 
comedy triumph- 'Tm All Right, Jack ." 

Without a doubt, one of the most highiy acclaimed movies of 
the past year has been the English-m.ade" Jf" ... The story of the 
goings-on in an English boarding school will screen on 
February 19. Co-billed with the compeJling "If .... . is another 
story of British brutish bitterness-"The Nanny," starring 
Bette Davis in her last film to date . 

On Sunday, February 20, a classic evening of comedy will be 
shown . The Marx Brothers in "Monkey Business" and Charlie 
Chaplin in one of his first roles-"Discovering the Tramp." 

Peter Yates' " Bullitt" with Steve McQueen will screen on 
February 26. The unbelievable photography by William Fraker 
provides one of the most exciting automobile chase scenes in 
movie history. 

The following Friday, March 5, will be the night to view a 
series of short-films- both foreign and domestic. Some of the 
films are :Yoji Kuri 's " Ali" (Japanese for " love ,") the 
computermade " Binary Bit Patterns," Ron Fox's "Omega ," 
and the French " La Jete ." 

Rounding out the 'Flicks' season are two of the best suspense 
films ever made. The two silent classics are the Lon Chaney 
" Hunchback of otre Dame," and Robert Wiene 's " The 
Ca binet of Dr. Caligari. " These will screen on March 12 . 

This quarter's"Flicks"are a diverse lot,and, if you are a film 
buff, they are not to be missed . Admission is 50 cents and it's 
good to do something extra-ordinary on a drab weekend , The 
films begin at 7:30 P.M. in USB 2722 , and each film will have a 
second showing. The second showing lime will be posted on the 
door of USB 2722. To avoid the masses , buy your tickets early 
at either the Information Center in MC 250 or the Arts and 
Lecture Box Office on the ground floor of Urey Hall . Records, 
donated by SOU DSVILLE will be given away at every 
performance. So, get entertained! 

POSSIBILITIES 
Sweet Alice-
Theater and Music 

"Sweet Alice," a program of 
experimental music and 
theater pieces , will be 
presented by the UCSD Music 
Department on Saturday, Jan. 
16. The event will take place at 
8:30 p.m. in the Recital Hall , 
409 Matthews Campus . 
Admission is free . 

Among the theater works 
will be "Composition for Table 
and Three Eaters" by Dolores 
Goble , a student at Humboldt 
State College. "Shone," for 
four people of different races, 
is a ritual thea ter piece by the 
Engli sh composer Anna 
Lockwood , 

Participation by the audience 
and the surrounding 
environment is a major aspect 
of Betty Wong 's "Friend of 
Music. Make This Your Piece 
As Well As Mine ." 

ancy Turetzky will perform 
a pie~e for unaccompanted 
flute composed by Ruth 
Crawford . a talented composer 
of th 1930's whose work ha 
only recently been appreciated . 

Other musica I works to be 
presented are Lin Barron 's 
"Sweet Alice" for winds and 
Buchla Electronic Music 
System, and " Riding on to 
Glory." a piece for film and 
tape by Betty Wong. 

The concert IS being 
produced by Pauline Oliveros, 
a not d experimental musician 
and member of the CSD 
Mu ic Department faculty . 
Ma ry Nee will direct th 
theater pieces. 

Surrealism 
In La Jolla 

o TINUI G S RRE-
ALlSM , a major survey exhibi-
tion of Surrealist art produced 
during th past 20 years, will 
op n at the La Jolla Museum of 
Art on Saturday, Jan, 16, and 

continue on view through 
March 21. 

As embled by the museum's 
assistant director, Lawrence 
Urrutia , the exhibition features 
57 paintings and sculpture by 44 
artists. It was conceived as an 
attempt to show that while 
Surrealism as a formal 
movemt:llt was replaced in the 
mainstream of modern art in 
1950 by Abstract 
Expressionism, artists have 
continued to produce works 
that are inspired by the 
subconscious mind and the 
dream world . the hallmarks of 
traditional Surrealism. 

The exhibition includes 
artists known primarily as 
creators of Surrealist art, such 
as Rene Magritte, Yves 
Tanguy and Roberto Matta . 
Other artists, such as Jasper 
Johns, Francis Bacon and 

Claes Oldenburg, who have 
achieved world wid e 
reputations in different areas 
of arl, are also represented, 
with pieces definable as 
surreal , in that they are 
characterized by an irrational, 
noncontextual arrangement of 
material and/or a portrayal of 
the dream world of the 
subconsious mind . All works in 
CONT I UING SUR -
REALISM were chosen either 
on the basis of relevant subject 
matter or of a mood created, 
according to Urrutia . 

As an adjunct to the gallery 
display. the museum will also 
present two public film 
program s of Ci nematic 
Surrealism. Each program will 
consist of two feature-length 
films , showing both "avant 
garde" and " Holl ywood " 
approaches to Surreali III in 
film making. 

On Friday, Feb. 5, Stanley 
Kramer's "The 5,000 Fingers 
of Dr. T" and Jean Cocteau 's 
"Orpheus" will be shown, to be 
followed on Friday, Feb. 19, by 
Alfred Hitchco ck's 
"Spellbound" and Cocteau's 
"Blood of a Poet. " The films 
will be shown at 8 p.m. in 
Sherwood Hall ea('h evening. 

A public gallery tour of the 
CO TINUING SURREALISM 
exhibition will be conducted on 
Sunday, Jan. l7 , at 2 p.m., by 
the museum's curator of 
education, Ronald K. Enholm . 
Music where he has been 
instructor of guitar for three 
years. 

The publication High 
Fidelity /Musical America , 
selected Michael Lorimer a 
one of the most promiSing 
young artists of 1969 in its 1969 
is ue . 

" Lucky Guhar Piece", DOW 01 exlalblla' tile La Jolla Mlwlm.' Art. 

UCSD loses 80-77 

Anteaters Lick Tritons by 3 
The UCSD Tritons, facing one of their 

strongest challenges yet. were narrowly 
defea ted by a powerful Anteater team 80-77 la t 
Tuesday night. Going up against what Coach 
Cunningham has called one of UCI's best teams 
ever, the Tritons performed valiantly. only to 
see a well-played rally end up three point short 
at the buzzer. 

Playing against opponents with superior size 
and weight. the San Diegans utilized their speed 
and defense, and managed to play roughly even 
for the first half, falling four points behind at 
half-time. 

The second half saw the Anteater's pull away 
to a 12-point lead, a margin which lasted .until 
about five minutes were left. when the Tntons 

Shope Up!! 
Ladies, beginning Jan. 19 a conditioning 

program will be offered every Tuesday and 
Thursday from 11 to 12. 

Meet at the patio by the pool. Call Russ Hatch 
or Barbara Durbin at ext . 2282 or 2283 to 
register. The program is open to all students, 
facul ty and staff. 

******* .......... 
SPORTS WRITERS 

NEEDED 
see 

ROCKY 
triton times 

t office 
"*************** 

began hacking the ball. 1 ~pl~menting a solid 
press, one of their speCialties, the Tritons 
decreased the gap to seven with two minutes 
left. Thi is when the game reached its climax. 
Rallying behind some very boisterou and 
exuberant fans. the Tritons staged one of their 
best and closest comebacks yet. nfortunately. 
the time was not with the Triton . and the 
buzzer went before the hoopsters could catch 
the Ants. 

The second-half rally was staged under the 
able play of Steve Hoch, who scored 25 point". 
Also important was the reboundmg of Wilson 
and Todd, and the long-range bombardiering of 
LeLevier. A combination of this play and some 
timely help from the bench almost proved to be 
the succes ful combination that had led the an 
Diegans to six wins in a row. 

Looking back on the game. Coach 
Cunningham noted that he was plea ed with the 
play of the team. The fact that UCI had lost to 
Colorado by three shou ld be a guideline as to the 
Anteater's strength. Even so. there is no victory 
in defeat (was that original , or have I heard it 
somewhere?l. Another point brought out by the 
coach was the response of the crowds. It seems 
lhat more and more students, and other 
assorted people, have been showing up at the 
games. This would seem a trifling matter for a 
larger school. but at a place where students g~t 
their kicks out of r ading about "The Iomlc 
Regulation in lsomatic Media ." or "The 
Molecular Ba i of Cellular Irri tability," any 
improvement is appreciated. It ems people at 
UCSD like good basketball ; the '7\ Tritons can 
give it to them. 

UCSD Player of the Week ~ 
This week your shrewd ports crutinizer has 

cho en classy teve Hock for basketball' 
Player of the Week." Steve turned in a stellar 
performan e for the Tritons this week . coring 
15 in Friday' triumph over Hawaii. and 25 in 
Tuesday's exciting narrow los to Irvine. He 
demonstrated a fierce " don ' t mes 
aggres iven s that Intimidated even th 
bigge t of Irvin ' Boogiemen. What m ke th 
6-3 forward 's accompli hment mo t incredible. 
however, i the singular fa t that leve Ilock i 
a Fr hman !! 

Graplers Get Seconds 

Blood, S.weat and Tears; 
Wrestlers at All-Cal 

By Carol Chillington 
Some of the guys sit up half the night playing a 

cut throat game of pinochle . everal others 
group them elves avidly around a TV set 
intently concentrating on Woody Woodpecker 
cartoon ~ Only one or two keep to them elve . 
not talking to anybody. just lying on their bed s. 
eyes closed. They do have one thing in common: 
they're all starving to death. 

o matter what the reaction, everyone of 
them is working at the same problem. getting 
themselves mentally prepared for the mo t 
strenuous wrestling tournament of the year, the 
All Cal. 

Berkeley Enlers Tournament 
For the past three wrestling years. team 

from the University of California campuse at 
San Diego, River ide , anta Barbara and Davi 
have come together for a day of grueling and 
ferocious competition to determine which 
school could really boast the lop mat men. Thi 
year. when the tourney wa ho ted by UC Davis 
on January 9, a fifth team joined th fun and 
games. Berkeley finally decided tha t she better 
get with the program. Her you nger ister have 
no respect for age and are getting eager to whip 
her . 

The fir t round whistle were blown at high 
noon in th ggie gym. and ix hour later, when 
the Triton grapplers were da hing off the mat 
and into an alrplan , the found th OJ Ives the 
happy owners of several pieces of hardware, a 
many title . and an overall tournament team 
place of third- tying with anta Barbara II In 
all. th an Diegan captured three cond 
place titl s in the 118. 126 and 142 weight 
division . wre ted by Ed Calugay. Javier 

orrea and Mike Dltoma 0 
D nni ngel. 150 and urtis Tom 158. both 

n wcomer to th an Diego mat. took third 
place . John Knapp. a new face at 177, 167 
pounder Randy Ziegler, and the old men of the 
team. B b Wilon 134 and Fred Gnm wald. 190, 
all fim hed 10 fourth pi Ron yeda. heavy 
weight, took fifth plac 

even of Ten Win Fir t Match 
The Triton tarted th aflern n at a fa t lip 

a . yen out 0 len won th ir fir t m tch Butlt 

wa a flurry of final match pm that cinched the 
team score tie with Santa Barbara- a team 
which beat them last year by 33 team points. 
Calugay. Correa . Ditomaso and Grunewald 
came through With the la t minute pin that 
made the difference. 

One of the most exciting matche of the day 
was wre tied by Dltomaso. who powered out of 
a 0-6 disadvantage and finally beat his anta 
Barbara opponent 8-7. Cliff hanger seemed to 
be the order of the day: Curti Tom won 
matche against Davis and River ide with 
score of 6-4 and 6-1. and Ditomaso plucked 
Davi down 6-5. But Ed Calugay wa. n·t gOing to 
fool around with last second ga p He kept 
right on inging hi theme song. " ith Me It's 
All or othing" as he went about pinning two of 
hi men. Correa was almo t as deci ive , 
omitting one pin , he condescended by beating 
hi Rive rside opponent 18-2. 

Wilson Injured- Forfeits Round Two 
Bob Wilson, a enior and four yea r wre tier 

was forced to admit that age take Its toll : after 
an Impres ive fl. l win in the fir t round , Wilson 
was injured and forced to forfeit round two But, 
he wa back on hi feet for the final two bouts. 
Wilson set the trend of Triton injurie for the 
day . 

Baseball 
Baseball practi e will begin next Monday, 

January 18, Coac I Frank Vitali announced 
ye terday at a m etmg of pro pective baseball 
players. He says he ha high hope of a 
ucces ful sea on th; year with eight returning 

letter-men and the use of th panking new ten 
tllOU and UVildl Ud udd , 'olll~l\!l< d 1 v 
lnt r tat fiv and n ar cnpp Ho pltal 
Return e on th team, m knam la. t V ar th 
"House of David " rounder . includ J('Ihn 
Weger , John Ritter. Bill Bowen. Gary Yokota . 
John hmn. Jerry Plltman, Gorge Horman, 
and Ron Su h oach Vitali tated th t n 'on 
I w Icom to come out for th team H can be 
c nt ted at th Phy Ical Education office of 
theg m 

Triton Times January 15 , 1971 Page 11 



FRIDAY, 
January 15 

LECfURES-noon, Sumner Aud ., 
SIO ; Marine Biology Seminar. Dr. 
Paul Stein, "Control of Limb 
Movement in Crustacea." 3 p.m .. 
307 Vaughan Hall. SIO : Dr. Abe 
Lerman. "Transport Models for 
Sediment-water Interface:" 

4 p.m .. 2A-7421 Muir ; Profes or 
Steven Kleiman . MIT, " On 
Riemann's Theorem about the 
Singularities of the Theta 
Function." 
MOVIES-Friday Nigbt Flicks, 
7:30 p.m., USB 2722 ;. "Crimson 
Shadow" and "The Russians Are 
Coming." 

UDicorn ; "The Passion of Anna" 
and " Paradise Now" for more info 

ca1l45~4341. 
SPORTS-Fencing; 5 p.m .. gym; 
2nd Annual California State Epee 
Championships. 

Swimming; at UCR, 4 p.m.; 
UCSD vs. UCR vs. Cal Lutheran 

Basketball ;Sports Arena. 8 p.m.; 
San Diego Rockets vs. Baltimore 
Bullets. For ticket info call 224-
4176. 

Tennis; noon, gym cia sroom : 
intercollegiate women's tennis 
meeting. or call Beth Josi. 2283 
DA NCE-8 : 30 in Revelle 
Cafeteria . FREE. pon ored by 
ASUCSD. 
E TERTAI ME T-Funky 
Quarter's, 5968 EI Cajon Blvd. 
Playing this weekend is Crabby 
Appelton. 
ART EXHIBITS-HL Llbrarv 
(Cluster I l. sculpture by graduate 
students Doug Davis, and Sheila 
Sharpe continuing. 

Fine Arts Gallerv. Balboa Park , 
preview of work by Richard 
MOrriS from 5' 30-7 .30 P m 
Regular hours for vieWing start 
Saturday Also continuing-Asiatic 
arts and Per ian ceramic until 
January 31. 

SATURDAY, 
January 16 

ART EXHIBITS-La Jolla 
Museum of Art. "Continuing 
Surrealism" a major survey 
exhibition of surrealist art 
produced during the pa t 20 years 
opens today. 57 paintings and 

sculpture by 44 artists. 
Also check Friday's listings. 

DISSCUSSIONS AND 
MEETINGS-8 p.m.. Revelle 
Informal Lounge . study and 
discussion to formulate action in 
support of Soviet Jews. 

8 p.m.. Formal Lounge ; 
Young People's ~atural Health 
Club. Everyone interested in good 
health is invited. 
MUSIC-8:3O p.m .. Recital Hall 
(409MC ); " Sweet Alice ." 
compositions by Dolores Goble. Lin 
Barron. Anna Lockwood. Betty 
Wong . and Ruth Crawford ; 
produced by Pauline Oliveros and 
staged by Mary Nee. FREE 
MOVIES- TRITON TIMES 

IGHT AT SUMNER 
AUDITORIUM: " Bus Stop" with 
Marilyn Monroe. and " Horse 
Feathers." 
SPORTS-Basketba ll : 
Mesa : UCSD vs. 
California College. J 
varsity at 8 p.m. 

at Co ta 
Southern 

at 6 p.m., 

Hockey; Sports Arena, San Diego 
Gulls vs. Phoenix Roadrunners. 
Call 224-4176 fo r more info. 

Rugby: 1 pm, here . CSD vs. 
UCLA 

Wrestling ; Cal Tech Tourney. at 
Cal Tech all dav. 
PARTY-open' party ponsored by 
Alpha Sigma Phi at 2660 
Hornblend . Apt M. Pacific Beach. 
tart about 8 p m 

SUNDAY, 
January 17 

MU I -8:30 p.m . gym . cia ical 
guitari t Michael Lorimer in 
concert Student w ID I 
Faculty staff 2. General 
adml ion $3 

PORTS AND RECREATION-5 
pm . wrestling room of the gym . a 
class will begin in Kundahni yoga 
The class will involve various 
disciplines deSigned to raise 
Kundahni. rpent symbol of 
physiological awareness The 
teacher is part of 3HO - The 
Happ y. Healthy . Holy 
Orga niza tion 

Basketball : UCSD v . Biola at 
Bio! ~ JV at 6 p.m . varsity at 8 
pm 

Ba ketball. Sports Arena , San 
Diego Rockets v Philadelphia 
76·ers. For more info Cd II 224-4176. 

DON'T TRUST YOUR MEMORY ... 
TRUST ACTION·CORDER! 

Your world of sound is just as beautiful as 
your world of sight - when you have the 
right machine to capture it. And Sony's TC-
40 Action-corder is the sound machine! It's 
the world's finest miniature cassette re-
corder. With its sensitive built·in condenser 
mike you can pick up anything your ears 
can hear - at any distance , And like a cam-
era , the Moot:i 40 ,ction-rorder will pre-
serve all your memorable moment!> - dS 
rewarding and enjoyable as your collection 
of photographs, So don't allow life's memor-
able moments to slip by, Capture them 
forever with the Action·corder! 
It's only $99.95! 

@-*'1 SUP@DPE .I 
)bu ~ heard it SO good. 

10 iollo music 
1128 wall la iolla 

459-3375 

Page 12 Triton Time. January 15, 1971 

ART EXHlDlTS-check under 
Friday and Saturday's listings. 

MONDAY, 
January 18 

SPORTS AND RECREATION-4 
p.m .. gym classroom : women's 
interco\1egiate tennis team 
meeting. All interested are invited, 
or call Beth Josi. ext. 2283 if you 
cannot attend. 

Wrestling; UCSD vs. Pasadena 
here at 7:30 p.m. 

Fishing Club, 7:30 p.m .. Revelle 
Informal Lounge. Meeting to plan 
this year's activities. All interested 
persons are invited to attend . 

Judo Club, 8:30 - 9:45 p.m. 
wrestling room of the gym ; No 
experience necessary. Women's 
instruction this quarter will be 
handled by Sara Sudo and will 
includ e some self -defen se 
techniques. 
E TERTAI MENT-Soorts 
Arena, " Holiday on Ice" opens. 
For ticket info ca ll 224-4176. 
r 'RUM THE DEAN' OFFICE: 
Effective today the following 
offices will be open to the genera I 
public from 9 to 5: Dean of 

tudent Office. In ternational 
Education, Special Services and 
Housing All of the e will be open 
thru the noon hour except the Dean 
of Students Office and 
International Education. The e 
offices are located in 250 MC. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Eligible Muir tudents. please 

pick up your Honors at Entrance 
Certificates at the Provost's 
Office 

The A II Ca I Ba s ketba II 
Tournament i coming January 22 
and 23 Our cheerleaders are bUSily 
preparing for the event and would 
appr ciate the support of a "far 
out" pep band - do you plav a 
triangle. drums. flute?? How about 
a harmonica? Please call Beth 
Josi. ext. 2283 if vou would be 
wil l ing to p·articipate . 

nconventwnal instruments more 
than welcome. 

UCSD 14.1 POCKET 
BILLIARDS TOURNAMENT 

2:08 p . m . , Sat.. Jan . 
16Northeast COnler of Blake 
Hall 

WiBner plays in NCAA 
competitioD at SD State 

Double Elim:nation 
Costs ONLY $1.00 eDtryfee 

The North Shores Adult School is 
sponsoring a free Writing 
Workshop Course. They are 
developing exciting projects both 
in journalism and drama. Classes 
are free and open to anyone. If you 
have problems writing or want to 
develop your talents as a writer go 
to USB 3060 between 4 and 7 p.m. 
Tuesdays or Wednesdays. and see 
what they have to offer you . 

The Trustees of the James D. 
Phelan Awards in Literature and 
Art opened the 36th annual 
competition this week. offering 
prizes tota lling $2800 to 
photographers who were born in 
Californ ia, from 20 thru 40 years 
old . 

The awards are offered in three 
fiel ds of photograp hy; two 
dimensional color and black and 
white . t hree dime nsional 
photography, and multi·media . 
with exhibitions of selected work at 
The Oakland Museum during April. 
and at the Villa Montalvo in 
Saratoga. former ly Senator 
Phelan's summer e tale. in June. 

En trv forms and furthe r 
information may be obtained by 
mail at The Phelan Awards office. 
57 Po t Street. Room 602, San 
Franci co. 94104 Competition 
closes March 12. 1971 

Improve your head 24 hours. a day 
wi th KSDT, 550 AM. Rock, oul. 
jazz. special programs and guests 
fi nd expression like no other 
station around . Find truth through 
KSDT and hold on! 

OPERATION SURVIVAL 
WHAT CAN WE DO? 

First of all , let us realize once and for all , that we. the 
American people, can change our form of Government 
A YTlMEE OUGH OFUS WANT TO DO SO ! 

Furthermore, let' s once and for all time stop welting 
our collective pants and screaming "Communist" any 
time Social change is mentioned ! Communism is as un-
workable and as unacceptable in today's Technological 
America as is Capitalism or any other variety of Price 
System opera tion ! 

ow let' s talk about CHA GE : We have advanced 
from the Ox Cart to the Horse & Wagon to the 
Automobile to the Supersonic Airplane to Space Age 
Exploration and Travel. in the span of the past 100 years. 

- No problem. We accept it. 
During that same 100 years we have moved from close 

to a zero use of Machine Power to today's use of 12 
Billion Horsepower. So what? No sweat! 

During the same 100 years we have " advanced" from 
counting American noses to elect Politicians to represent 
the Interstate of Political Parties powerful enough to get 
them elected- to counting American noses to elect 
Politicians to represent the Interstate of Political 
Par ties powerful enough to get them elected-

- wait a minute . That I n' t any change at all. Preci ly 
the point. In the past 100 year 's- while we have moved 
from the Ox Car t to pace Travel; from no machines to 
the impact of 12 Billion Hor power in our 
Economy- WE HAV E MADE ABSOLUTELY 0 
CHA NGE AT ALL I THE DESIG OF OUR METHOD 
OF CONTROL. 

ow virtually everyon (except a Politician ) know 
that you just don' t run a up r-sonic airplane the way you 
run an oxcart. But this is EXACTLY WHAT WE ARE 
TRYING TO DO. And we wond r why the damned thing 
i all fouled up! 

Anyone who ride a bicycle or drives an automobile 
know tha t A Y MACHI NE M T BE OPERATED I 
A ORD A E WITH IT S ME HA I AL 
SPE IFI ATlON . 

OK ! Granted . So how do we run a 12 Blllion 
Horsepower Economy, trav lIing at upersoni peed? 

An 'wer in n xl issu . PERATIO SURVIVAL, P.O. 
Box 2019. La Jolla . a. 92037 

CLASSI FI EDS 
For Sale 

COSMETICS. For 9-25C Sam-
ples of R.nd.1 non-allerilic 
Cosmetics, (m.de from fruits, 
herbs, ferns, flowers, etc .• nd 
no harmful chemicals) send 
only 1.00 to R.nd.1I Cosmetics 
P.O. Box 2019, La Jolla, Calif. 
St.te of skin is dry, norm. I, or 
combination. 
-70 HONDA 70CC 
Electric St.rt 
Perfect Condition 
$280 or Best 459-5746 
One.owner c.r: Plymouth 19" 
Fury 3, St.tlon W'lIon. Ex-
cellent condition. Blue book 
v.lue , C.II days X2573 ask for 
o.vid. 

16mm Bolex, non Reflex . 3 lens, 
Sylvania Battery Powered light 
Fitted c;se. $250 for all or will 
separate. Call before 1 p.m. : 
453-7799, 

urfboard , 6'S" gun, IS" 
wide. Perfect condo $35.00. 106 
Galerthea or 230 . Cedros, 
Solana Beach. 

'67 Mustang. metlculousl 
maintained by loving driver. 
Full power, air, radio. $1295. 
Call 453-3305. 

A BETTER BED! King size 
water bed, $55.00. Tbe Water 
Hole. 4282 El Cajon Blvd. 280-
2611. 

Dependable '64 Old mobile 
Vi sta Cruiser Wagon In 
excellent condition. $650. 
Available February 1. Call 345-
7565 in evening, plea e. 

Service. 
Typinll ... ~llperient:ed Iypill ... lerm 
pape .... Iltelil. Eleelric Iypewriter. 
Will do ru Ia JON. 453-6835. 

DISTINTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction Is the end 
product. Helen 459-a888 
Europe Charter Flights. 
Severll Schedules Iv.lI.ble, 
Coordin.tor: Professor 
Ma rg. ret Pool i 247 Roycroft 
Ave., Long Be.ch, 90103. 

LORANCHET-Goodm.n studio, 
La Jolla. Custom Designed 
Wedding Bands Ind Sets, un-
usu.1 Ind striking. Complete 
f.cilities for Custom Centrifu-
g.1 Casting. 459-9248. 

Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 
Try James Automotive Service 
American Ind Foreign Cars 
Repairs and Polution control. 
Student Discount 7748 Herschel 
La Jolla (in the rear) 459-9181 
Typing"':"for accurate Typing on 
electric pica-term papers, 
theses, manuscripts etc. call 
Mrs. McCroskey 287-1607 

Weaving, macrame, batik 
classes Start soon. Call 755-4461 
Carmel Valley weavers supply 
for class schedule, 

Learn German with a native 
peaker. Total immersion. 459-

5309. 

Personals 
Lib, Fern . Roommate to share 
beacb house with one other, 
$67.50.Over 21. 755-4591 after 9 
p.m. 

Drummer seeking fellow musl-
cilns, Preferably Ian. Any-
thing as long .5 it's good musIc, 
Call Philip Kiely at 453-5751, 

*** 

STARTS 
FRIDAY 
JAN. 22 

Want To Write? 
SEE CARL 

MARK 

Donald Sutherland ~s 
ALEX IN 

WONDERLAND 
JE __ MOREo11iii 

EL CAJON BLVD. AT 63RD ST. • 286·1455 


