
Edltor'l .. te: Thil pIIoto il coartelY of 
George Elliott. Mr. Elliott'l pbotol were 
developed by the TRITON TIMES. A plloto l taU 
member carelelily developed the fUm, 
resulU.gin tbe poor quality. 

A sign-ripping inddent yesterday on 
Matthews campus has escalat«:d in to threats of 
lawsuits 'over destruction of property and 
abusive language. 

According to George Elliott, a student who 
was working on a photography project in the 
area .. a woman was standing in front of MC 201 
taking notes from a sign. The sign read 
"Meeting of Revolutionaries - brothers and 
sisters come to MC201 Monday night. " The sign 
was signed by the " Black Liberators." Elliott 
took a picture of the woman because he said he 
thought "it was an interesting campus scene." 

Elliott said he then saw the woman " ripping 
the sign with her hand." She then got in her car 
and Elliott took a picture of the car's license. 
The woman, who was subsequently identified in 
a police report as Elaine Brantingham, got out 
of her car and askep Elliott why he was 
photographing her. 

As Elliott and Brantingham argued over the 
photographs Ken Carr, a Third College student, 
approached and identified himself as the person 
who made the sign. He joined the argument and 
a parking service employee called campus 
police to report the incident. 

According to the police report of Officer Joe 
Thornell, he arrived at the scene to find Carr 

Sign ripping incident 

\\ the sign just hit my hand II 

Elaine Brantingham leans on her car door _ On ber left is Ken Carr. 

triton ti 
Volume 14, Number 11 

Larry Dec/eel 

The poster we had seen said "SPOOK HOP," 
Saturday Oct. 30, Halloween eve, 8: 30 to 12 
midnite, at Muir college quad. " let the demon in 
us be driven out!" 

Sure enough, that night, there was the quad, 
there were the people, an array of costumes 
mingled in with the normally dressed 
population of UCSD, and spooks who when 
asked "Are you supposed to be ghosts?" 
answered, "No, you're all the ghosts , we're 
normal." Toilet paper was flying (later a dog 
was seen carrying toilet paper by the roll in his 
mouth, challenging people to take it away from 
him), and what was called " country rock " was 
being supplied by what most people thought was 
a very good band called HORSEFEATHERS. 

And the crowds, almost delirious in the spirit 
of things, danced Horahs to the flickering of an 
unusual light show supplied by the residents of 
TIOGA HALL who flicked their light switches 
on and off producing a marquee type affect 
along the end row of the nine stories of the 
building. 

Suddenly, without any particular warning. 
during one of the band breaks. there appeared 
a group of co tumed £igllTes holding torches and 
marching in a group. Led by what appeared to 
be a high priest. the hooded monks mingled 
their way into the crowd, as the crowd naturally 
parted before the flaming torches. . 

However. somewhat incongrous to the 
majority of the group. there was a pregnant nun 
carrying a whiskey bottle running around with 
them. The uneven picture made it difficult for 
anyone to be sure exactly what was to be going 
on. 

Trouble Starts 

Finall~'. the group had worked its wa~' to the 
center of the crowd. and began to circle in the 
middle. The spectators all gathered round a 
the ceremon~' tarted. The high priest began 
chanting in what might have been Latin. and hi 
followers repeated. The crowd al 0 joined in . In 
the course of all this. things that didn 't make 
any sense began to happen. 

The pregnant nun continued to sa~' things very 
out of character with the rest of the set-up. Then 
a dracula t~·pe and some guy in a long red tee-
shirt tarted gettin~ into the circle. 

The crowd began poking at the monks. and 
several of the torches broke and fell sparking on 
the grass (not the onl~' grass burning that 
night l. The poles were picked up b~' spectators 
who began poking at the monks and trying to set 
them on fire . Somebod\' in the crowd screamed 
"Thi could turn into a riot " and it appeared it 
could. 

University of California, San Diego 

~tegnont 

'-

o 

.-

The portion of the crowd which wa not 
getting involved with the performanc was 
totally confused. Straining to get in closer to the 
action and trying to see what was going on 
through the layers of smoke all around from the 
fallen torches \the pregnant nun kept yelling 

" pollution~ ", and as the crowd tried to get 
closer. the circle grew smaller and mailer. 

It's hard to sa~' what happened next becau 
everything was happening so fast and everyone 
was tr;.ring to see and so no one really kn w 
quite what wa going on. No one was ure how 

nun I 

: 
o 
..., 
V\ 
CD 
~ 
CD 
C 
...... 

:::s-
CD 
..., 
V\ 

much of what tran pired wa planned. But it 
was quite obviou that something wa not as it 
should be. 

At one point it appeared a if the nun was 
attacked. At one point he ran into he arms of 
some by tanders crying "They ju t jumped on 
me. and were grabbing" and now some man 
was lying in the middle of the circle scr aming 
and supP?<ledly po Sf'S ed by the de~i1. 

And people continued to pok . and th circl 
grew mailer. and it grew hard r to , th 

and Brantingham arguing. Carr told Thornell 
"she tore my sign" and insisted that the officer 
arrest Brantingham. According to the police 
report Brantingham said she walked under the 
sign and the wind blew it in her face. She said 

., that " as a natural reaction" she raised her 
hand, causing the sign to Lear . According to 
Brantingham "the sign just hit my hand." 

Officer Thornell wrote in his report that a 
crowd began to gather. and so he asked the two 
antagonists to please go to the police station. 

According to Vice-Chancellor of Student 
Affairs George Murphy, the campus police 
informed Carr that he could file charges against 
Brantingham at the San Diego City Attorney 's 
Office. Murphy said Carr had spoken with him 
and indicated a desire to press charges. 
According to Murphy, Carr told him he was 
going to speak with an attorney before deciding 
what course of action to take. Later Carr 
informed Murphy that he had decided to file 
charges against Brantingham. 

Late yesterday afternoon Brantingham 
contacted the TRITO TIMES and said she had 
spoken with a lawyer and "might" file suit 
against Carr for "abusive language and 
unlawful detention." She said she was very 
upset because of the "abuse" she was subjected 
to. Brantingham said " it is a sad day when a 
citizen cannot come on this campus without 
being abused by students. " 

Carr was unavailable for comment but Elliott 
said he had witnessed the incident and would 
make himself available as a witness to the fact 
that Brantingham tore down Carr 's sign. 

Tuesday, November 2, 1971 

smoke reflecting through the colored spotlight 
on the scene, and then in the height of confusion. 
someone screamed "That's it, we can't do it. " 
and they tried to get the crowd to disperse, a job 
which took perhap ten minutes to eparale the 
confu ed but interested onlookers. 

The Aftermath 
As the crowd broke up , and the band started 

playing again , no one was quite sure what had 
happened. They had ju t seen what they had 
seen, and did not know the whys and 
wherefores. 

In talking to ome of the people who seemed 
involved with the group, a certain number of 
fact were uncovered. The "exorci m" which 
was what had been planned, had been planned 
by the Office of Religiou Affairs. who had 
wanted to give student something intere ting 
for Halloween. The group which put this on 
(rumored to be the 1\ OMALY FACTORY, 
though no one connected with it would verify , 
had not expected their drama to be impo5ed on 
by the spectators. The original idea wa to 
contain a total exorcism of the devil from 
someone, and they had an actual ca ket worked 
into the drama, which due to the need to break 
up the production never appeared. The pregnant 
nun, the dracula , the guy in th red tee- hirt and 
hecklers in the spectator had managed to turn 
a planned spectacle for the tudent into a 
di a ter. 

And the Band Played On 

The exorci m being in the pa t, the how went 
on. The crowd was treated to the peeial 
appearance of the fabulou Zipper Broth rs. 
The crowd gave them a tanding ovation (which 
may have been due to the fact t!1at everyone 
was standin ) and cried for more. The Broth rs 
decided however . that an attempt to jam might 
be futile . 

Th nun wa last seen I aving the cene 
saying. ' 'I'm going to th liquor store, anybody 
want anything? " 

HOR EFEATHER returned , and b gan 
playing once more and were horU join d by 
the crowd old a quaintanc , lh pr nant nun. 
She wanted to ing. and even lh band lead r 
had to admit "Thi i fucked ." 



Revelle hosts Martinez 
Have you ever wondered why college seems like a prison? Do 

you wonder if education has become subservient to grades? 
Have you ever wondered what is studied at Third College and 
why? Pascual Martinez will rap on these and other related 
subjects tomorrow at 7:30 p.m. in the Revelle Informal 
Lounge. 

Pascual bas spent his whole life trying to figure out what 
"education" really is. In search of answers to this question he 
has not only gone to school almost each year of his life, but he 
has taught people also. He taught conventional students as a 
professor at San Jose State College as well as inmates at 
Soledad State Prison, whom everyone else thought were 
hopeless. Most recently he has been instrumental in the 
development of Third College here at UCSD, where he now 
works as dean. 

Pascual Martinez is being sponsored by the Revelle Guest-in-
Residence Committee. This committee, according to Mary 

- Pates, was originally created "to bring . to the UCSD 
community lectures, authors, and performers from all 
disciplines and fields of endeavor ." 

But most recently its scope has been broadened to allow 
faculty members and students to get together and rap about 
the University and themselves. These meetings give students a 
chance to talk with faculty members in a small group situation 
and tell them how they feel on issues. It also gives professors a 
chance to get some feedback from the students in an informal 
situation. 

Pascual Martinez is not the first speaker the committee has 
sponsored this year. On Oct. 21 , Paul Saltman, Provost at 
Revelle, discussed a wide range of subjects with some students 
in the Formal Lounge. It is the committee's hope that Dr. 
Sallman will speak again next quarter. Also , on Oct. 25, Louis 
Krasner, world famous mu ician, led an intere ting discussion 
about " the problems which music faces today" in the Informal 
Lounge. 

[n the coming weeks more speakers will be invited to 
participate in these talks. Those who will speak after Pascual 
Martinez include : 

Eric Christmas - ovember 9 
Senator Gore - November 11 
Professor Crowl} - ovember II 

James Kavanaugh - November 14 
Professor Mudie - ovember 16 
Professor Anagonostopoulo - ovember IS 
Mabou Mines - Nov. IS, 19, 20. 
The Revelle Guest-in-Residence Committee welcomes any 

suggestions as to guests who should be invited . Anyone 
interested in the commIttee can come to its meetings which 
are held each Tuesday at 6:30 p.m. in the Blake Conference 
Room. 

Pregnancy counselling offered 
In the orth annex across the street from University 

Hospital, in a re-converted adobe-type building, a pregnancy 
counseli ng clinic was started in late May of '71. According to 
Dr . Sanford Wolff who conducts psychiatric consultations for 
those seeking abortions here, the clinic was established in 
hopes of solving an un met need in the San Diego area . 

The Department of Psychiatry at the clinic has been in 
existence only two years now. Dr. Wolff revealed that 
psychiatric consultations are usually rather expensive and take 
much time. They usuall y run from $50 to $70. At the clinic the 
fee is a flat $35 for the entire psychiatric counseling service for 
as many visits as desired . 

The main interest of the clinic according to Dr . Wolff , is in 
finding out what leads people to need an abortion in the first 
place. Patients come to the clinic for treatment with varying 
degrees of anxiety . and they are well informed. Psychiatrists 
do not really know yet why people who know about something 
who have access to it and know specific internal prohibitions 
against it. do not use it. And Dr. Wolff thinks that this inquiry 
of the clinic would probably be the most valuable thing they 
could contribute. 

Dr. Wolff emphasized the fact that abortion is simpler. less 
traumatic and less expensive for a patient und r roughly 
twelve weeks pregnant. Also. a patient can have abortion and 
leave the ho pital about nine hours later without staying 
overnight. According to Dr. Wolff. this innovation is new for 
the San Diego area and It saves about $150 in hospitalization . 

The Pregnancy Counseling Clinic is entirely self -supporting 
and WIll expand its treatment facilities about as fa st as funds 
allow. II t~e next year it will be trying to get a grant from the 
newl.I' f,)uhdcd National Family Planning Institute to aid in 
improvi 'J! th methods of helping patIents seeking abortions . 
Dr. Wol:f think thIS will probably further lessen or eliminate 
the cost of an abortion . 

Dr. ~olll u pects that a gr at many parts of the abortion 
law wIl ' pr!.'b3!l!~· I'll' I'liminaLed by the Supreme Court of 
Califor~ :a m th n xt year or two. Hut he "ould lIke Lo see 
counseling: made an integral part of an abortion operation. not 
mandat·'ry couns ling. but at least an opportunity for a doctor 
to discu l the pati nt's feelings or thought before proceeding 
on a completely voluntary basis. 

Dr WOl(f is a Hrm believer in the necessity of abortIOns. He 
explaiDl d. " there 's a lot of formality with the present 
(abortion) lall'. I wonder if the law were repealed. whether 
ever~'one would go plunging pell-mell without thinking one way 
or the other. and then have their afterthoughts sometime 
later." 

Dr Wolff ' departm nL i also doing intervi w at birth 
control chmcs . Accordmg to Dr. Wolff. " If people receive help 
10 that area tie" bIrth control) , then vou 'r far ah ad . because 
the best aboruon IS one that does not have to occur " 

Page 2 Triton Times Tuesday, November 2, 1971 

• ::S,. """" 
.T 

, . 

We'd like to start a continuing series 
of "exams" to explore your knowledge 
of othel' people and their backgrounds. 
Our first is a Black culture test. The 
thirteen questions were devised by a 
psychologist, sociologist and historian 
and were posed to 300 del ega tes a t the 
3Sth annual convention of the 
Associated Press Managing Editors 
Association. 

2. If a Black reader of your paper 
thinks it is " real down," he thinks it is 
- very good, very bad . racist, or 
sympathetic to Blacks. 

slaves were freed in the Uni ted States, 
the Rlaves were freed in Texas, Martin 
Luther King was born, Booker T. 
Washington died . 

3. The opposite of " square" is - cool, 
up. down. hip . 
4. T-Bone Walker got famous playing 
what musical instrument - Trombone, 
piano, flute. guita r. 

10. The first doctor to perform open -
heart surgery was a Black American. 
nearly 70 years ago ... Who was he? 

Robert J . Haiman of the SI. 
5. Who did Stagger Lee kill in the 
famous Blues legend - Frankie, his 
mother. Johnnie , Billy. 

ll . A Black surgeon developed the 
technique for extraction and 
preserving plasma from whole blood. 
What was his name? 

Peter burg (Fla. ) Times, chairman of 
the minority news study committee. 
told the editors, all white. that the quiz 
was tested in nine states - none named 
- and that Blacks averaged S out of 13 
and whites just 3. 

" I know that we APME editors can 
score a great deal higher than that," 
Haiman said. before reading the 
questions . 

6. Jazz pianist Ahmad Jamal adopted 
that Arabic name after he was 
discovered by white audience and 
became famous , Black jazz fans knew 
him under hi s prior name which was-
Willie Jackson. Lee Jones, Will Donald 
or Fritz Jones. 

12. Everyone is familiar with the 
famous painting of George Washington 
crossing the Delaware. Two of his 
oa r men were Blacks. What were their 
names? 
13. Soledad Brother George Jackson 
was hot to death thi past Augu tat 
San Quentin. But who are the surviving 
Soledad Brothers? 

However. the editors, responsible for 
the news and pictures that go into 
America's dailies . did nol. Most scored 
3 or less correct answers. 

1. If a man is called a "blood." then he 
i - a fighter. a Chicano, A Black, an 
Indian. 

7. Cheap chitlins taste rubery unles 
you cook them long enough. How long 
should they be cooked - 15 minutes , 2 
hours, 24 hours, I hour. 
S. The first American pioneer to settle 
on the site of what is now Chicago was 
a Black. What is his name? 
9. Many Blacks say June 19 should be 
made a legal holiday in the United 
States because it was the day: the 

The answers will be printed in 
Fridays edition . To make this a 
continuing series we need people to 
submit other culture, religjon and 
nationality tests. Bring them to the TT 
office anytime. 

Name change runaround 

The answers will be printed in 
Fridays edition. 

The San Diego Stpte .rumor mill 
Larry De<:kel 

"San Diego State College is 
going to change its name to San 
Diego State University' '', or at 
least that wa the rumor I had 
received on my desk . If this 
was to become news. I had to 
verify it and get some 
information. I had to know 
why, when . and how. 

And so the process began. I 
searched my mind for an angle 
from which to approach it. 
Then it came to me - call up 
the state senator from San 
Diego. as surely he would know 
if there was any truth to the 
matter. 

The senator . James Mills. 
did not have a listed phone 
number in the handy dandy San 
Diego Extended Area 
Telephone Directory. and so [ 
was stuck right off. 

Never one to quit. I called up 
cIty information. who warmlv 
told me to call the government 
information center. The 
government information center 
put me into contacL with the 
offIce of James Mills in San 
Diego. 

" I'm Sorry ... Pt 
' '('m sorrv. Senator Mills is 

in Sacramento right now ." the 
secretarv sweetly informed 
me. "When will he be back~ " I 
just as sweetly queried. " Weil l 
don't exactlv know," she 
answered . " but it should be 
within a couple of weeks." 

I procured th numb r of his 
office in Sacramento [rom her. 
carefully copying It down and 
thanking her very kindly . 

carefully dialed the 
complex series of numbers 
necessary to get a call through 
to Sacramento and after' the 
numerical orgy. was greeted 
by a beautiful ti n voice , I'm 
sorry. you have reached a non-
working number. plea se 
recheck your directory or 
check with your campus 
operator. " 

Having grown ill at ease with 
my directory , I dialed 0 and 
was put in contact with the 
campus operator. [ explained 
to her my problem in reaching 
the senator. and she gave me a 
new number to try . Thanking 
her kindly. I wa s again on my 
way. . 

Several minutes and 14 digits 
later. I reached Senator Mills' 
secretary in Sacramento. ' 'I'm 
sorry. the senator is in ession 
right now. What did you want to 
speak to him about?" Once 
more I related the story about 
the college - university name 
switch rumor. and asked when 
the senator would be in. 

" Perhap you'd like to speak 
to the Senator's administrative 
assistant ?" she tossed at me, 
ignoring my question. In 
desperation at this point. I 
agreed. and she proceeded to 
ring him and eventually 
connect me with eil Good . 
Admini trative Assistant to 
Senator Mill s. 

Goode expla ined to me the 
recent pa ag of Assembly 
Bill 123. which would allow 
staLe colleges meeting specific 
req uIrements to change theIr 

title to STATE NIVERSITY. 
He said this was because, for 
all intensive purpo es, a lot of 
these institutions are 
universities. He said that the 
state colleges which actually 
had different schools deserved 
university status. The bill has 
not yet been signed by the 
governor , but it is pretty 
certain it will be, as no money 
was involved. 

Goode told me that the best 
way I could find out about the 
reasoning for wanting it 
changed would be to contact 
the DAILY AZTEC, the school 
newspaper of San Diego State 
College. He sa id they had just 
done a lot of coverage over it. 
He said I should try to get their 
recent issue. He also agreed to 
send me a copy o[ AB 123 . 

A Simple Job? 
Well , my next step was to get 

a copy of the DA IL Y AZTEC, 
which seemed to me a simple 
enough job. I decided to call up 
their office and a k them to 
send one over. Little did I know 
what that would entail. 

Since the AZTEC did not 
have a phone listing in the 
useful San Diego Extended 
Directory, J call ed campus 
information at State. They 
gave me the number of the 
Daily Aztec . The Aztec then 
told me that they don 't handle 
sending issues of thpir paper 
arou nd , and tha t I should ca ll 
the G radua Ii ng Ma nagers 
Office. 

Upon reaching the 
Graduating Manag rs Office I 

got an imm ediate " one 
moment please" and 5073 
moments late r they 
reestablished contact with me. 
I explained what I wanted and 
they said "I'll give you the 
editor of the DAI L Y AZTEC. I 
don 't handle that. " They gave 
me the number of the AZTEC 
(they needn 't have, I already 
had it ) and then decided to do 
me a favor and put me right in 
touch . 

A few campus operators 
later I was back in touch wi th 
the DAILY AZTEC. I told them 
what I was looking for and 
whoever [ was talking to said 
' 'I'm not sure what issue that 
would be in - one moment. " 
After contemplating the social 
significance of the elastic one 
moment, th y gave me 
someone else in the office to 
talk to. 

"Huh?" 
For what seemed like the 

zi llionth time that day. I 
explained what I was looking 
for and the person informed me 
that they had n ' t any 
information on that in their 
paper. He further informed me 
that " that bill was defeated 
last year ." I told him of what I 
had learned from Sacramento 
and he seemed incredulous: 
" Huh ? You mean we're a 
university now?" 

Someone else was put on the 
hne, and they informed me that 
TV talion KPBS had also 
called to find out about the 
rumor. But they hadn 't done 

cOltlnued on pale 3 

Triton Times says thonks 
TRITON TIMES staff members witnessed the revival 

(hopefully ) of an extinct practice Friday afternoon - the 
unannounced , unsolicited, unmalicious visit from a 
Communications Board member to the TT office. Third 
College representative to the Board , Linda Clark , stopped by 
just for a friendly chat. No complaints, no hostilities and thank 
good ness , no bureaucratic power put-ons. The TT is currently 
suffering with a $2,000 budget cut made by the 
Communications Board two weeks ago. The present allocation 
is even less than the newspaper 's 1970-71 budget and if allowed 
to stand, will forceseverly damaging economy measures in the 
areas of operations and personnel. Since the cut, TT staffers 
have been most vocal about the lack of knowledge and 
understanding among most Comm Board members concerning 
the operation of a regular campus newspaper . Staff members 
feel that for this reason the Comm Board should not have the 
power to determine if , where, and how TT budget cuts must be 
made. Moreover, the TRITON TIMES has been dismayed that 
no attempts had even been made to rectify this lack of 
compete nce by visiting the office and talking with the staff in a 
calm and non-haughty manner. This, the staff feels , is the very 
least Comm Board members must do to adequately serve as 
the owners of the newspaper, the Comm Board 's function . So, 
needless to say, those in the office Friday afternoon , were 
quite heartened by Linda Clark 's pleasant visit. 

Is anybody there? 
A lot of people seemingly article which you rea lly like, or 

don 't like the Triton Times, . A one you really hate, let us 
lot of people do . Unfortunately , know. Just pop a card to 
we can't be sure what we've TRITON TIMES into the 
done right, or wrong. intracampus mail. OR come 

As the cliche goes, this paper and talk to us. 
is here to Serve the students. You learn by listening. 
We can only do this by having 
some idea of what sort of 
things you want to see in T.T. 

So if you come across an 

NOV. 6 

rumor mill 
continued from page 2 

anything on it yet. She then saId 
" Whoops, let me check with 
one more person." Shortly 
thereafter she declared, " No. 
We definitely didn't do a story 
on it." 

However, she informed me 
there was one person who knew 
all about it. She called him the 
" foremost authority on it. " 
This was one Forrest Chu , 
whom I was told I could reach 
through a restaurant called The 
House of Chu . 

I called the House Of Chu and 
in what seemed to me an 
i ncredibly difficult 
conversation with what must 
have been the manager of the 
House of Chu, I was told to call 
back at6 p.m. 

Ignoring dinner , at 6 I called 
back , and sure enough, 
answering the phone was 
Forrest Chu. I explained my 
problem and he excused 

The f irst of 6 in·depth 
sessions des igned to help 
you score to your moximum 
potential on the upcoming 
L5AT GRE, OAT & ATGSB. 
You know how important the 
exoms are. So do we. Thot's 
why we've develo ped the 
most thorough tutoring pro-
gram of its kind in the United 
States·-just to help people 
succeed on graduate ad · 
mission exams. If you're con-
cerned about your future, 
NOV. 6 could be the begin· 
ning . 

I' ale. 250 lablels. 250 m~. S5. 79 
2nd bOllle I ' more. tolal S5.S0 

For Information 
About Classes In 

The San Diego Area; 
(ALL STAILEY H. 

KAPLAI EDU(A TlOIAL 
(11'11(714)488.0791 

Your future Awaits 
Test 

SU.RFING 

lassen Granola Dry Cereal 
Delicious and Nutritious 

3 lb. bag S 1.69 
all types of natural juices, honeys, and 
nuts, yougurts, organic fertile eggs 

Pierre's Conlinental 
Hea lth Food 

1237 Pro pee t I. 
La Jolla 459- 1911 

BACK PACKING 
SKIING 

Looking 
For 
Fashion TENNIS 

PANTS & SHIRTS Frames 

himself for a moment to take 
care of II- .ustomer. 

Cbu Comes Tbru 
He then came back to me and 

between waiting on customers 
(he was on the cash register ) 
he informed me of much of 
what I already knew. 

He said that the name change 
was "almost a reality. " This 
was the fifth time through in 
the legislature, and it had been 
rejected five times. This time 
it passed with a bare majority. 
in the Senate of 21-16. Now the 
bill simply had to be approved 
by the Assembly on 
co ncurren ce (a mere 
formality) and signed by the 
governor. Chu said that the 
major objections to the bill in 
the past had been from UC 
lobbyists. The bill would 
provide that any institution 
with three or more accredited 
colleges (State has eight) could 
call itself a university . 

In asking why State would 
want to do this, Chu said it was 
a " prestige thing," Chu also 
!ldded that the bill would go 

into effect 60 days after the 
signing, so that he suspected 
State would become a 
university by the end of 
January , 1972. 

He then referred me to an 
Assemblyman Barnes for 
further information, but I had 
had quite enough. The path of a 
little rumor had gone a long 
way. The hunt was over. 

So we . now know that . 
whatever the consequences, it 
appears that next year San 
Diego will ha ve a new 
university . Sometimes , 
considering the difficulty of 
finding this out, I think it might 
have been better being 
surprised. Ah well , don 't 
mourn for the lost state 
college, look at it this way : 
You 're not losing a state 
college. you're gaining a 
university. 

• 

Jog home toddY . 

• 

~.~' then. take to your 
.,. bed r'~'1 All ARIES 

'( . LISTEN TO ... 

KSEA • STEREO 97 

C'est Cheese 
of La Jolla 

NOW OPEN 
/;"ported and Dome tic cheese 

in bulk, cut to your requirement 

Come infora taste. 

Gourmet and Specia lt )' foods from 

all over the world. 

Cocktail and Part), Delights 
Glf/'~ - .1Iailing Packs 

7523A Fay Al!e on Drury Lane Plaza 
454-5384 

Woer"ching 
(Continued from page 5) 

in a language that can be easily 
understood. 

As a final point. just how 
heavy Is the " literary -
intellectual establishment" 
aga inst Tbe Greening of 
America ? In reality. are most 
of the objections coming from 
con ervative cntics. such as 
tho e of National Review, 
DIME SIO 's main source of 
biased opinion? I would like 
Mr. Olson to be more definite 
on just who. and what 
percentage of this 
"establishment" is critical of 
The Greening. 

Aztec 
Highlights 

with Don Coryell 
Tonight-7:00 p.m, 

Aztecs vs. 
Fresno State 

KCST·39TV 
Full replay 

of the game 
TIIfIItt -11IarHIJ 

7:31,... 
CaIi1e2 .. 1 

[lID Radio: 
Non-commercial? 
Find out. Tune in 

FM Stereo 90 

On stage/The Old Globe Theatre presents: , 
.,he ~r~al . 

oI~he 

by Father 
Daniel Berrigan. 

In May, 1968, nine people, 

J\orth County 'S 
Specia lty Sports Center 

SURF REPORT NO. 153·6221 

We have the largest selection 
in San Diego 

including a former nun and two priests, 
burned 378 draft files to protest 

Vietnam. Was it an act of conscience? 
Civil disobedience? A crime? 

Christian duty? With unsurpassed moral 
intensity, this challenging new drama 

examines the backgrounds of the nine ; 
re-enacts the burning and presents 

excerpts from the tense trial. HANSEN 
SURFBOARDS 

I lOS HWY 10 I, ENCINITAS 
Open 9-6 Weekdays 
9-5 Sat., 9-3 Sun. 

Phone 753·6595 

.one day service 
(most single vision lenses) 
.Immediate repair 
small or large 

La Jolla Optical 
7966 Herschel 

at Prospect 
454-6119 

Now pla'/ing 
Through November 21 

Ticket prices- all seats res .• '39-2255 afternoons. 
8:00 pm Tues, Wed, Thur, SLn ........... $2 .50 
8:30 pm Fri, Saf. ... .. ............ $3 .00 
2:00 pm Sun . mali r,e ................. L.W 

Special student rate: $1.50 
anyt ime except Sa urday 

cassius carttr cmtrt ~ 
adia,ont to tho Old Glob. The.!re .n B.'bo. P.rl 

Tuesday, November 2,1971 Triton Times Page 3 



tr. ton ·times 
u.w. "" of c:.llfomil. 1M Dieto 

'"- Jolla. California .2037 
171414U·ZOOO ..... 101'. Aclvtrtili,. at. 1017 

Molly Selwin. Editor-in-Chief Terry Borok, Blllin .. Mana,.r 

The lditwlals txpresSICI btlow Ir. IpprOVtcl by tile 
TRITON TIMES Editorial board. All other opinions 
txpresSICI en tills Pitt art thosa of tile luthors whose 
names .... r In tilt bylines, Ind do not nectssarily 
reflect tilt views of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone 
desiri,. to sulNnit material to be pUblishtcl In tIIis 
section slleukl sand it to the Editorlll Director, TRITON 
TIMES, 117 Bllke Hall, UCSD. 

To ay is election day in San Diego. If you are a 
registered voter in the City of San Diego, the 
TRITON TIMES urges you to vote-some of the 
candidates are lNorth voting for. 

Remember, y'our sample ballot state~ that for 
any office or proposition that you do not mark a 
selection for on your ballot, your non-vote for that 
office or proposition will simply not be counted. 
The same rule applies for write-in candidates . 
That is, the entire ballot is not voided, it is merely 
counted as if you did not cast a vote for that 
particular position. 

B/ast Amchitka? 
The Atomic Energy Commission has scheduled 

for Thursday the detonation of a 5-meg~ton ABM 
nuclear warhead a mile beneath the Aleutian 
Island of Amchitka. Mounting protests throughout 
the country are pressuring President Nixon to halt 
the test. Conservationists argue that the risks of 
radioactive pollution of the sea, destruction 01 a 
number of bald eagles, peregrine falcons and sea 
otters, and the triggering of an earthquake are too 
great to allow the test to go..on. The governor of 
Alaska, the state's entire Congressional 
delegation, and the governments of Japan and 
Canada have filed protests with the U.S. 
government. 

The original purpose for developing the warhead 
was to defend cities against a Chinese middile 
attack. Since then the ABM system has been 
directed toward Soviet missiles. In the face of 
these protests the AEC contends that the chance of 
any ecological consequences is not great while the 
Dept. of Defense states that if we are to succeed in 
the SALT talks we must go ahead with the test. 
Otherwise we cannot negotiate "from a position of 
strength. " 

President Nixon has a choiet: ; recognize that the 
risks are too great to hold the test, or yield to his 
military advisers who wish to uphold the absurd 
policy of brinkmanship. The risks are too great, 
and the argument of the Defense Department is an 
empty shell. This test should not take place. 

triton tiIlles 
Editor-in-Chit'( 
(;jl\' Edilor 

:\1a'na!-tin~ Editor 
Cop~' Editor 
Bu inl,'ss "ana~(' r 
Editoriall)irt'('tor 
:\rts Editor 
S,)orts Erli tor 

I'hoto~ra"h~ Editnl' 
:\ssistanl [jl~' Editor 

N.WI Del)Grtment Arts Department 
Tommy C ,Ii"",e Chri, Albert 
Chu<k Ch >"1'lin Roberta A .. lrod 
Chuck Ro.e Timothy Hirsch 
RICk Dror Peter HoUingsworttJ 
Dovid G,'XIman Kathryn Rudner 
Wendlll damillon EriC Perlman 
Kathy Klu tek t.':ar": "( 5 i e.~ 
Mark Me .oaka Danny Spellen, 

Peter Selvln 

'loll\' Sd"in 
"'rank i'hilli,)s 
( :ann Sharick 
Chud~ Graham 

Terr" Barak 
I)a,id Buchbinder 

Carrie Ricke,' 
'like Ralh 

J lie Eastl'rn 
Larr~' Ih'ckt'l 

Advertising Department 
Jeff Fried 
Su",n Code, 
Debbie Montgomery 
Copy Readel'$ 
Glena Schroeter 
Debbie Montgomery 
Phot!l!tlophers 
Michael Gr.ene 

ViCloria --Iyha n Gory leVin 
JimSil~ Sports Department Tom Stile, 
Sheila Rc.,urt, Mark Li,ka la"t.) Selinda Morton 
Gary SIn"en Anriy Estabrook Michoel Sesma 
Henry S1ftmon Mark Yaung 

Production Artil" 
Da .... d Buchbinder Eileen l.esc:h 

Deborah Kelso 
Mike McKinney 

The TRITON TIMES i, offlClolly recognized ond ,upported 0 ' 0 ,tudent 
newlpaper by the CommunICation, Boord of the Unlverlity of Coll farnia. 
Son Diego. BUilding 250. Ma Hhew. Campul, La Jolla. Coltfornio 92037. 
PublICation " twICe weekly on T ue,day. and Fridays Off"el ore locatld 
In room 117 Blake Hall. on thl Revelle Campu •. For advertising phone, 
453·2000, X 101 7. lar editOrial or new, phone X 101 6. 

Page 4 T rilon Times Tuesday, November 2, 1971 

Ed Muskie for President 
by UCSD Students ror Muskie 

The 1972 Presidential election offers new hope for politically 
inclined college students. Wielding the power of the vote for 
the first time. a united student effort could determine the 
·outcome. Eight million college students have become eligible 
to vote since the 1968 election, and they are in a unique position 
to influence another 17 million young people who are newly 
eligible. Nixon won the Presidency by only a half million votes. 
Most political analysts forecast a close race in 1972. so the 
importance of 25 million votes becOlpes obvious. . 

Tite Presidential contender most favored by college students 
is Senator Edmund Muskie. Muskie was the Democratic Vice · 
presidential nominee in '68. and during the 1970 Congressional 
elections. he was chosen as the chief spokesman to oppose 
Nixon and Agnew because of his wide appeal. 

Muskie has the reputation in some quarters of being the 
"centrist" democratic candidate, meaning presumably that he 
is less liberal than McGovern or Kennedy, but more liberal 
than Humphrey or "Scoop" Jackson. But. according to the 
voting tally maintained by the Americans for Democratic 
Action, a left-wing political group, Muskie 's Senate voting 
record has been 92.5 percent liberal -a Ilrooger liberal record 
than that of any other Democratic hopeful. 

Loog· Time EoviroomentaJ. Leader 
Behind these percentages are issues of vi tal importance to 

young people. Muskie was a leader on the environment long 
before its sad condition was brought to public attention. He is 
one public figure who had no need to jump on the ecology 
bandwagon. since he wrote nearly all of the environmental bills 
passed bv Congress. . 

What about the war? Some have criticized Muskie for 
.. tardiness" on the anti· war issue, pointing out that McCarthy 
and others were doves before and during the 1968 campaign. 
while Muskie made no public anti-war statements until after 
the election was over. But to quote Nick Johnson. a McCarthy 
worker in '68 and now California Youth Co-ordinator for 
Muskie, "Few in this country have the right to be self -
righteous about their oppoSition to the war . for few saw the 
tragedy of our polic~es in the earliest days when the crucial 
decisions were bein~ made." 

At a recent conference, Muskie was asked if be would accept 
a Black man as his running mate. In his reply. Muskie said that 
he knew of many Black leaders amply qualified for the job. but 
believed that the country was too racist to elect a Black man at 
present. He thus became one of the few public figures to face 
up to the problem of racism instead of trying to sweep it under 
the rug. 

Some of the reactions to his candor have been interesting. 
Tom Bradley, who attended the meeting. said that Muskie was 
right. President Nixon called it "a libel on the American 
People" - but if you are waiting for him to replace Agnew 
with a Black man. don 't hold your breath. That champion of 
civil rights. Lester Maddox. saw fit to criticize Muskie. saying 
that he. Maddox. would be willing to have a Black on his ticket. 

Moving on to domestic issues. Muskie has attacked 
"Nixonomics" for failing to control corporate profits and 
interest rates. for laying the burden on the consumer. and the 
blame on the working man. In his own program. he has called 
for guaranteed income. guaranteed jobs. and guaranteed 
health care. About the Pentagon Papers. he said ...... in a free 
society. tlie truth finally belongs to the people. And it is stolen 
property only when it is unjustly concealed from them. " 

Talking pelitics should never be a one-way process. Muskie 
himself set an unusual precedent in '68 by inviting college 
students to come up and share his podium with him. With this 
in mind. UCSD Students for Muskie has scheduled a rap 
session on " Muskie and the Issues" for looigbt at 7 p.m_ in the 
Revelle Formal Lounge behind the Revelle Cafeteria . Free 
refreshments will be provided . Everyone is invited to come. 
ask questions. and give their own opinions. Anyone interested 
in working for Muskie is especially urged to come and meet us. 

Consciousness III and Kevin Olson 
by "arc u \\'oersching 
Having endured the inane 

content of DIME SION for 
over a year now . I can no 
longer remain one of the 
" silent vegetables " from 
which they presume to have 
hidden support. I am now 
taking the time from my boring 
and time consuming studies to 
reply to Me. Kevin Olson 's 
somewhat critical analvsis of 
The Greening of America. 

Having read Tbe Greening 
over several times. I find the 
conclusions drawn by Mr. 
Olson rather incredible. They 
are. as California Water 
Project Director William 
Grenelli would say. " replete 
with errors and 
misstatements ." Since there 
are so manv of them. I will 
attempt to 'reply to only the 
worst of them . 

Consciousness III ' s 
philosophy is not anti . 
historical. In realitv. it in fact 
stresses a far greater 
education and knowledge of. 
among other things. history . A 
knowledge of hi story is 
essential to knowing the causes 
and adequately coping with 

such problems as the Vietnam the system from within. 
war and America 's social and Consciousness III does not 
environmental crisis. reject logic . reason or rational 

Con sci 0 us n e s s 11 I . s discourse. It is instead opposed 
philosophy is not anti . to the narrow, ignorant. 
traditional. Rather . it is machine rationality that does 
selective in wliat traditions not consider other values and 
sho\lld be retained. It would not has resulted in such colossal 
cut down the redwoods . mistakes as the Vietnam war, 
demolish historic buildings. th e destruct ion of the 
ravage the land or forget the environment. the ignorance 
customs that remind us of our and inaction on America 's 
past and our roots . Rather . it is racial and poverty problems. 
for freedom from such and the idea of unrestrained 
unnecessary traditions as growth that has produced such 
outdated beliefs , institutions sprawling urban chaos as 
and other forms of "cultural greater Los Angeles. As Reich 
lag" that are out of touch with says. "Consciousness III has 
and incapable of coping with been exposed to some rather 
reality. bad examples of rationality . 
Changing System from Within • such as the intellectual justi-

Consciousness III is not [jcations for the Vietnam war . 
It is for freedom while we seek necessarily nighilist. While it 

fits some of the definitions (as to preserve a dictatorship. It is 
according to Webster's!. it is a moral war fought by a 
not in line with others. It does country supporting blatently 
not say that there is no immoral regimes all over the 
objective ground for truth . world." 
According to Reich. it does not As far as technology goes. its 
really advocate violent unrestricted use has brought 
revoiution against the about the destruction and 
government • the United dehumanization of a large part 
States. but rather an individual of the environment. especially 
change of lifestyle to change in the cities. In place of the 

That's all There is Charlie his actions. and. to quote. the question of his sanity. On that 
score. it was suggested, " Iet 's 
see what Jesus had to say." 
Right. Try that in court 
sometime. When the laughter 
subsides. it may become ciear 
that there are indeed better 
ways of disproving that a man 
is a lunatic. than by asking him 
if he is one. 

lIy Judi' Fawrlc y 
The following comments are 

intended not as an outline for a 
set of beliefs. for that would 
take a great deal of space. but 
rather it is intended as a 
rebuttal to the "Jesus" view of 
things in the Tue day. Oct. 19 
TRITON TIMES. 

It seemS to me that when one 
dies. that's all there is. Charlie . 
Incredible as it mav seem. I 
believe one merely becomes a 
pile of biodegradable dust. no 
more. no less . If one wishes to 
spare oneself the agony of that 
thought. with the comforting 
feeling of a " Buddy Upstairs." 
that's one's privilage. And if 
one enjoys fairy tales about 
Adam and Eve. walking on 

water. and the like : again. 
that's one's priv i lege. This 
bei ng an allegedly free 
country. I do n9t question one's 
right to convince others of the 
comforts of believing the e 
things. But I draw the line 
when these are passed along as 
being " truth ." Fables are 
fables . and truths are truths. 
but let's not confuse them . 

o. I don 't mean Jesus didn 't 
exist - the arsenal of 
arguments supporting the fact 
of his existence. were certainly 
unnecessarv. As far as I could 
know. he probably did exist. 
Big Deal. So do all the rest of 
us. What I'm sure was meant to 
be proven was the man 's 
identity. the real character of 

Agreed 00 More Love 
The articie mentions love . !. 

too, believe that mankind needs 
more of it. However, I fail to 
s e the rationality in throwing 
One's only Son to the alligators., 
That 's no way to solve a 
problf?m There was sin prior to 
the cross. there' s sin now. In 
faot. as I figure it. the main 
upsPt could be the burden of the 
One whose Almighty Fault it 
was in the first place. But more 

amenities. beauty. quiet and 
serenity that enrich life. we 
have had neon and billboard 
ugliness , noise , traffic 
congestion. pollution, etc. etc. 
forced on us. Consciousness III 
does not reject technology. It 
demands that technology serve 
man . instead of our lives being 
ruled by its demands. 

Against Poiotless Work 
Consciousness III does not 

reject work , standards. or 
excellence. Instead, it is 
against . pointless. over . 
regimented . debilitating . 
dehumanizing and unnecessary 
work such as is often found in 
large governmental . 
educational and business 
institutions. It will work enthu· 
siastically on anything with a 
certain amount of purpose. 
need and meaning to it. 
Certainly. "building a 2()QO. 
watt amplifier " qualifies . 
However. they will not let their 
work become their tota l life. 
With outside interests. their 
lives will not collapse into 
emptiness when fired or when 
they retire. 
If necessar y , a 

Consciousness III Derson would (continued 00 paes: il 
importantly . consider the 
hypocrisy of believing in love in 
the name of Jesus Christ. 
Beginning with the Crusades, 
how many "holy" wars have 
been fought . and how many of 
the world 's greatest men have 
been hung for 'religious 
heresies?'. all in the name of 
love and understanding, J 
suppose. 

Evolution is chalked orf as an 
untruth . Lucky for the rest of 
us you 're not the source of 
scientific guidance. my friend, 
else the wheel , I'm afraid, 
would still be pending the 
Pope's approval. You see, 
fortunately. sdence find s 
truth s by subjec$ing 
observations to rigorous tests, 
not by conducting a vote among 
Christians. 

(co.tinued 00 pale') 

,,7 oersch in g 
(Coatlaaed from pale 4) 

work in a steel mill, provided 
the dehumanizing aspects of 
'the work are reduced as much 
as possible. With the newly 
automated steel mills (a 
benefit of technology ) this 
could be possible within the 
near future. To counteract the 
effects of his job. a 
Consciousness III person in his 
off hours would have to take a 
walk in the natural 
surroundings of a park (which 
a Consciousness III planned 
city would provide an ample 
amount of ) or listen to some 
music or read some. good 
literature. 

Contrary to what Mr. Olson 
says. Consciousness III does 
not advocate " general 
anarchy." SpecificaUy. in the 
book (p. 388) Reich says that it 
.. does not propose to abolish 
law. organization or 
government; it ol)ly seeks that 
they serve rational human 
needs. " Even Consciousness 
III 's slogan of " do your thing" 
has its limits . It does not 
include killing. physical assault 
or the economic exploitation of 
others. In some other areas, 
such as its emphasis on 

tolera~ce and total honesty, it 

is far sterner than· 
Consciousness I and 11. 

Consciousness Ill, as 
according to Reich. does not 
agree with the SDS position 
calling for a violent revolution 
in the United States, because" 
would be contrary to its other 
beliefs such a s love and 
nonviolence. And besides, it 
would be suicidal and would 
alienate much potential 
support. "00 your thing" 
really means allowing yourself 
to be open to a wider range of 
cxperiences, to experiment 
with different lifestyles and 
ways of thinking, and not 
automatically accepting the 
values and goals set by 
society. A loosening of mental 
and cultural restraints should 
not be confused with a plunge 
into anarchv. 

SDS ... ArrogaDce ... Drugl 
Another of ' Mr. Olson's 

statements was that Reich 
implied that "Consciousness 
III will save the world . simply 
because there is apparently 
nothing wrong with them ." 
Perhaps if Me. Olson bothered 
to read Tbe Greeniog carefully. 
he would have noticed some not 
too subtle criticisms of those 
he considers part of 
Consciousness III, such as 
SDS 's tactics . " arrogant 

I II Ki Radio: 
Hey .. . we're on the oir ! 

Tune us il)! 
HIS Radio FM Stereo "90" 

CASA DEL PONCHO 
BLOUSES, PONCHOS, SHIRTS, 

DRESSES, & GIFTS 
From, Ecuador. Peru 
Bolivia , Guatemola, 
Mexico. Pakistan, 

Turkey 
5521 La Jolla Blvd. (Bird Rock area) 

Open 10:30 - 6:00 pm 

.. 

youth" and "drug takers." 
Certainly Reich would not 
approve of the stabbings at the 
Altamont Free Concert. But 
again, Reich specifically said 
that not all Consciousness III 

. traits would be present in every 
person. 

Those that did the stabbings 
would certainly be lacking in 
several Consciousness III 
traits , and there would 
certainly be something wrong 
with them. Thus then. Reich 
indirectly does say that there is 
something wrong with parts of 
the youth culture. My question 
then is, would a conservative 
writer pushing conservativism 
in his book even bother to 
mildly criticize those who 
share his views but not his 
tactics, as Reich has done? 

Th e quote about 
Rockefeller 's trip. far from 
supporting Mr . Olson ' s 
argument . does the opposite. It 
is quite obvious to anyone with 
a background knowledge of 
how the United States treats 
Latin America and other Third 
World countries. such as what 
a Consciousness 1Il person 
would have. that Rockefeller'S 
statement that he was 
"heartened" by his visit. was 
just a diplomatic cover-up for 
the harsh reception he 

HYPNOSIS 
low, Low (ost 
D. Rakow 2Bl·4586 
Technician 

received. 
This ·..vas also verified 

consistently by the news media 
at the time of his trip. It is a 
fact that he was "practically 
run out of each country and 
survived only by virtue of 
forcible repression of protest 
by each regime." Thus. by 
knowing ba c kground 
conditions. it is quite possible 
to make accurate assumptions 
of the " truth" in the absence of 
" facts ," which are anyway' 
often omitted or distorted by 
the press, especially by San 
Diego's newspapers. 

Ignoraoce is Coosciousness I 
This also shows that it is not 

Consciousness III that is 
ignorant. Rather . it is the 
co nservative right . 
Consciousness 1. that is 
ignorant. As Reich says, " there 
is a kind of willful ignorance in 
American life - ignorance of 
existing injustices, sucb as the 
treatment of the Black 
minority. ignorance of the 
causes of social problems, 
ignorance of the world ." It is 
not Charles Reich who is an 
" intellectual bigot." it is Mr. 
Olson and DIMENSION . 
Charles Reich has done this 
country a great service : both 
by his ideas and by writing 
them. unlike most professors . 

(cootinued on page 3) 

Meditation Therapy 
Control Habits. etc. 

Self-Hypno~is 

"Someone Who Cares" 

THE GOLDEN 
ROLLIN BELLY 

Pub/Restaurant 
Enjoy a heart)· brett' ill our 

fin e Olde En,lish Atmosphere. 
Entertainment ~ightly 

Su nda\' Brunch Co ncerts 
225 15th 5,:, Del Mar 755-1414 

• 

Charlie ... 
(Cootioued from page C) 

But these points are all 
minor ones. The key points of 
Tuesday's article. I believe, 
hinge on two statements : "Can 
a myth account for the faith of 
nearly one·thir.d humanity?" 
And, "Could Christianity have 
survived if based on a lie?" My 
reply to both is simply: Sure. 
why not? It 's very convinCing 
to say that "one·tRird humanity 
believes." but you must be 
prepared to suggest why two-
thirds don ·t. It's funny how 
even when numbers are used in 
powerful statements. they still 
have to add up right. 

Believing Untruths 
History. for example. 

suggests that there was a time 
when probably all of humanity 
(or at least those who ca red ) 
believed the world was Ilat- a 
view, I might add. which lasted 
many thousands of years alter 
the beginning of recorded 
history began. There are 
myriads of examples of such 
cases where mankind believed 
things which were simply 
untrue. As the sac red 
cornerstone of one of the 
largest religions in the world. it 
is thought that one is doomed if 
he kills a CO\\'. Yet we chuckle 

DELFOSSE 
EUROPEAN & 
SPORTS CAR 

SERVICE 

CORNER OF CASS & 
TURQUOfSE 
PAClFfC BEACH/SAN DfEGO 
PHONE 488-7878 
CUR.T DELFOSSE/OWNER 

at the thought, as we munch 
billions of hamburgers a year. 
They certainly don 't delude 
them elves on purpose - they 
just don 't know belter. 

So I suggest that the soothing 
words. used so convincingly 
that "one·third humanity can't 
be wrong:" are meaningless -
of course they can be wrong. 
Mankind has never yet known 
complete and fundamental 
truth - the search is eternal. 
Man must forever pu t 
together puzzles about the 
mysteries of hi> universe. and 
what he doesn't know must be 
patched and plugged with 
stories. physical models . 
mythologies . It is misleading to 
call these stories . ·lies." For 
example. a theory is merely a 
place-holder for knowledge 
that doesn 't yet exist. but it 
certainly may be an honest try . 
If it happens to be wrong. so 
another will replace it. But 
certainly Newton's laws were 
not " iies." just because 
Einstein found a correction 
factor . Rather they were the 
best we could do until we knew 
better. 

In sum. it may be that 
believing in J es us is 
comforting. but one should not 
be dulled by the rhetoric into 
believing the stories are any 
more than just fables . 

If Budsis your favorite beer ••. [II] Radio: 
A pirate station? 

Find out . Tune in 
FM Stereo 9Cf 

why not 
make it your 
regular beer? 
Don't you deserve it? After all ... 

In brewing Bud, our choice is 
to go aU the way. We hope beer 
matters enough to you that you 
too will go all the way. 
AU the time. 

WHEN '1OU SAY 

Budweiser. 
'1OU'VE SAl) IT All! 
ANHEUSER.IUSC". tNC . • 51. lOUIS 

!lIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIll1111I1II11111111111111111111IIIIIIIIHIlIItIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIg 

I LORI'S FRIAR'S FISH & CHIPS I 
Ii 3945 GOVERNOR DR., UNIVERSITY CITY _:i==-==: (UNIVERSITY SQUARE SHOPPING CENTER) • GOVERNOR AND GENESSEE 
i ~ I MONDAY INC. ROU, BUTTER, WEDNESDAY ~ 
I CHICKEN FRY FRIES AND SALAD FISH FRY ~ I 11.39 51.49 I 
i I I ASSORTED GOURMET SANDWICHES I 
= ROAST BEEF TRY OUR PASTRAMI i i i 
-1- 10SHER i_-

HOT DOCi i W /EVERYTHUICi i 
i & FRIES I 

CORNED BEEF SUBMARINE 
NO .. 5 11 'M.' PM DAILY 

AU FOOl tal.'" TO TAil OUT 
27 ..... 2 (TOLL fill) 

I 
I ~IIIIIIUIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII",III1"ln"IIIIIIIIIIIIIH""ltnllllIIIIIIIH_IHIIIIINllllllllnlllllnllllllllllllllllllllllllrr, 

Tuesday, November 2, 1971 Triton Times Page 5 



- ........ 

-~ 

Pharaoh Sanders in Concert 
Friday. ovember 5. the 

UCSD Program board will 
present Pharaoh Sanders in 
concert at 8 p.m. in the gym . 
Sanders and his troupe will 
present jazz in a form as free 
and expressive as any in jazz 
today. Tickets for this rare 
opportunity to hear avant-
garde jazz are available at the 
UCSD ticket offi ce. San Diego 
State ticket off ice. and a ll 
Ticketron outlets. Prices are 
$2.50 for UCSD students. $3 .50 
for other college students. and 
$4 for others. 

Some people hav(' wondered 

why the ticket prices are as 
they are. The Program Board 
is presenting this concert in a 
form that will be available to 
as many students as possible. 
To hear artists comparable in 
stature any place else. one 
would have to pay at least 
twice as much as the concert 
prices here. The Program 
Board has said that if the 
attendance is good th e 
production costs might be met 
by the reve nu es from 
admi ss ion. Thi s is vita l. 
especially when it is hoped tha t 
many more jazz concerts for 

Consider Your Gallerv 
.. 

At the UCSD Art Gallery on Revell e a new exhi bit has opened 
to revea l the works of fou r California art ists. 

Doug Dav is has a series of recent drawings on view at the 
gallery. and of these pictogra phs he has made comparisons 
between hiS work and the works of people from the primitive 
cultures of New Hebrides . Australia. and the Amer ican Indian 
culture. 

John Annaloro 's "Famou Red Tropical Palm Trees" ate 
also on exhibit. Annaloro. it is said . is the first a r tist in the 
United States to devote much of his artwork to the Red Palm 
Tree. 

"Consider Your Confine." is the last piece of artwork by 
artl st-turned-farmer. Thoss Tavlor. Tavlor used th is series of 
100 photographs to relea e him from his major confine : Art. 
Taylor traces the chonological confinements of his life. and 
many thing~ that he found confi ning are things that also prove 
thiS way to others. 

Th largest pieces 01 art at the exhibit are lour qUilts made 
for Judv Raffa I bv several women he had known Each 
squar of th quilts ~ere made b~' one of eventy women whom 
lis RaHael had asked to participate in her project. The quilt 

squares were arranged b~' color tonality and are qu ite startling 
Visually . The content of the ind ividual squares are at the same 
time whimsical and thought-provoking 

Th sc exhibits may be viewed Irom 11 a.m. - 3 p_m. dail~' at 
the Art G;!lIerv in th lower level of the Humanlties-Librarv 
Buildin ~ . . 

-

CUSTOM CABINET SHOP 
WiHERBEDS FRAMES 
PE !lESTALS PADDED RAILS 

HEATERS@APPROVED 
LINERS FOAM PADS 

• Discount on complele seh . Vlsi t our f actory o nd see how a 
quality product is mode . 10% Discount wi th this ode 

143 South (edros, Solana Beach 
(A"o .. lr.m 'ri-City RoU., Ri") 

755·2268 
-

J 
Poge 6 Triton Times Tuesday, November 2, 1971 

UCSD will be considered if this 
one is a success. 

Last Friday's edition of the 
TRITO TIMES stated that 
Sanders would be performing 
with three other arti sts . 
However we ha ve since learned 
that those arti sts mentioned 
may not be members of 
Sanders ' group. By press time 
for thi s edition we were unable 
to determine who will be 
performing with Sanders . 

Sander s. while gaining 
recognition for his work with 
John Coltrane. gained hi s own 

high place of recognition with 
his album Karma (Impulse AS-
9181 ). From then on his work 
has been acclaimed by fans and 
critics alike. ()970 Jazz and 
Pop readers poll , tenor 
saxophone. jazz composition, 
Jazz arrangement of the year, 
Jazz album of the year , just to 
name one magazine 's honors ). 

Intense, lyrical. strong ". all 
these plus more express 
Sanders ' sounds . The 
experience is one you should 
not miss. It will undoubtedly be 
an evening of beautiful music . 
one that should be heard by all . 

This photo shows two of the four quilts now on exhibit at the 
UCS D Art Gallery made by 140- pairs of hands. The gallery is 
open from 11 AM to 3 PM daily . 

:qCIF/~tt:\: 
..... ,'Y}(f) W 

Independent Y\\ en' iee 
pecialize ~ in Jleed Equipment 
P art ~ _ \ l'Cf' ~"o ri (" ~ 
Lo\\c.,t Price in To"n 

3356 Kurtz St., S. D. 291 -3586 
(behind the Sports Arena ) 

WE'RE TWICE THE SIZE 

746161RARC' 
454-1169 

*~tIt 

ABE YOU PLAYING 
"FATBf:RBOOD 

ROUI·tITE?" 
Making lova is great. Bul why should you diminish the pleasure by 
hav,"~ to worry abou: gell ing her pregnanl ? Alter all , It's your fulure 
land tne future of someone close to you) Ihat's al stakt . 

If you rea liy give a oamn about your life and hers " . Ihen you'll wanl 
to pre. enl accidental pregnancy. By using one of today's gossamer· 
thin. supremely sensll ive condoms that keep the pleasure in sex . bul 
remove the wor r~ 

And now you can oblain Ihese remarkable new condoms wilhout any 
emM"assment, by ordoflng Ihem privalely by maii ... from Population 
Planning Associales . The 11 l oo·quality brands we offer are eleclron-
ically tested and meet rigorous FDA slandards. 

F •• t D.lIy.ry-Mone~ Sick GUlrlnt .. 
Discover how sensitive condoms can be . Send jusl $~ for a deluxe 

sampler pack of 13 assorted condoms. plus an iiluslraled brochure 
describing our complele seleclion . The deluxe sampler contain. 3 dif-
terent brands, including Ihe Felherlile from England , the very thinnesl 
lalex condom available in Ihe U.S., and the exlremely popular Natura-
lamb. made of highly sensitive nalural animal membrane for maximum 
Iransmisslon of heal and sensalion. Or send just $1 and get our exclu-
sive impelled condoms: 2 Felherliles and Ihe pre-shaped NuForm, plus 
the brochure. For brochure alone, send only 25J. All orders are fi lled 
the same day received and senl In a plain package. It not dellghled , 
you may return the unused portion of your order for a full refund . Mail 
Ihe coupon loday. 

r;:p;·U;;;I::-ni;iAs':i:r.;---------------, 
105 Marth Calumbl. Dtpt. "-475 I I Ch.pel Hili, N.C. 27514 n.me 1.1'0 ••• ,;"1 

II Please ru sh me in plain-package : " 
o Delu~e sampler of 13 assorted ".dr.<dr;ACes;-;,------- --I condoms - 5 different brand s, in· I 

I cluding the super-thin Fetherli te I and the Natura lamb made of nat- oily ,t.le I ural an ima l membrane, plus ilius· I 
traled br oc hure, l u ~t ~a H 15 I II 0 2 Fether li tes; 1 NuForm, plus l ip I 
brochure, iust $1 I enclose paymenl in full under I 0 Illustrated brochure only, 25¢ I your money-back guarantee. I 
-------------------------~ 

UCSD PROGRAM BOARD 
PRESENTS 

PHARAOH SANDERS 
NOV 5th 8:30 PM 

IN THE GYM 
TICKETS: $2.50 UCSD STUDENTS 

$3.50 OTHER (OLLEGE STUDENTS 
$4.00 OTHERS 

TICKETS AVAILABLE: 
UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 

(BOX OFFICE HOURS 11-3) 

. 

[I:rJ Radio: 
A rumor??? 

Find out. Tune in 
FM Stereo 90 

IMPORTED FOODS- WINES AND CHAMPAGNES 
THE HOME OF 'HE " ARTICHOKE FRITATTA" 

Cresci's C (\ jfJ 
~1ark et & Delicatessen 

Caterin g- all izc parties 
Food to go 

7833 Girard Ave. La Jolla, Calif. 459-5 191 

LOW PRICED RECORDS 
HAVE COME TO LA JOLLA 

ANNOUNCING THE OPENING OF THE: 

SHORES 
RECORD 

SHOP 
Open Daily Except Mondays 

Nights Til 9pm 
2246 Avenida De La Playa r L.J . Shores 

(Next Door to the So. Ca . lst Nat ' l Bonk) 

•••••••••••••••••• 
• FRIDAY FILMS • 
• NOV 5TH 7:30 & 10:45 • 

• • • DE;\ ',\ ',S "OPPER ill • 
:"THE AMERICflN: 
: DREflMER : 
• PLUS • 
· "~" . 
• 75C U CSD 1.50 OTHERS • 

: SATURDAY : 
• NOV 6TH 7:00 & 10:30 • 

• GODDARDS • 
:"LE GAl SAVIOR'5: 
• • PLUS • 
• .\ ·'K DO{-GLAS' • 
• "TANTRfl" • 
•• 1.00 UCSD 1,50 OTHERS •• 

NOI ICE. BECAUSE Of THE PHAROAH SANOERS CONCERT ON fRIDAY NIGHT 

• 

THE fRIDAY NIGH I FILMS Will BE SHOWN TWICE ON fRIDAY AND AGAIN • 
ON SUNOAY THE SPECIAL SUNDAY SHOW ING Witt BE AT 7 30 

•••••••••••••••••• 

Tritons Lose·Out 
at Big Invitational 

Mark Liska 
Last Saturday was not a happy day in the annals of UCSD 

cross country histury . Plagued by an illness which forced it 
top runner from the race, and being over-matched, the UCSD 
team came away with a fourth in the over-crowded Chapman 
Invitational held at Chapman College last Saturday. 

The first problem was the kind of meet it was and how it was 
organized. UCSD was thrown up against such powers as Cal . 
State Fullerton , a strong team who placed first , Cal State L.A. 
and Cal State Long Beach, who all placed above UCSD in the 
final standings. 

Despite this the runners could have placed farther up if 
UCSD's top runner, Ed Avol , had been in his usual form . He 
was running with the front-running pack when he developed 
complications in his stomach. This forced him to drop out of 
the race at the two-mile mark . The top three finishers for 
UCSD included Bob Deleonardis, trying to take up the slack for 
Ed, who placed 23rd to lead all UCSD finishers. Jerry King 
finished 26th and Kirk ewell fin ished in 28th spot to round out 
the top three UCSD placers or qualifiers. It must be 
remembered that there was a large amount of runners in the 
meet, approximately 54, and that the placings were not 
disastrously bad . 

The Triton harr iers, however, are beginning to look forward 
to next week when they have another big meet. This ti me it is 
the Biola Invitational. Many team are scheduled to compete 
in the District III (our district) NA IA finals to be held later . 
Thus, this will serve as a kind of practice race for the very 
important District III meet. 

The Triton are expected to do much better in this meet. 
Primarily, UCSD will be running with schools which are more 
their own type of team. Another hopeful outlook is the health of 
the team. If Ed Avol stay healthy throughout the week. and if 
the rest of the team can survive the chronic battle of the 
midterms, then the team should do better. Despite all these ifs, 
the team i looking forward to the Biola meet with anxious 
anticipation . 

Ping Pong 
Exhibition 

The UCSD Table Tennis Club 
wi ll sponsor a special 
exhibition b tween two female 
champions on Wednesday. ov. 
3, at 8 p.m. on the west balcony 
of the gym . 

One 01 the contestants in the 
pecial match is Cindy Cooper. 

currently a resident of EI 
Cajon. Her titles include 
Ari zo na State Women' s 
Champion, and the Pacific 
Coast J unior Champion. Her 
opponent will b Mis Angelita 

Rosal. also of San Diego, who 
was a former nited States 

ational Junior Champion. 
The Triton Table TenDis Club 

had its initial meeting of the 
year last Thursday. and for all 
the ping pong buff on campus. 
they have set aside Wedne day 
evenings for informal 
competition between student 
and faculty . The games are to 
be held on the same part of the 
gym. the west balcony. as the 
exhibition . The hours extend 
from 7 to 10 p.m. each week. 
There is room for players of all 
abil ities. so don 't hesitate to go 
and play if you enjoy the game. 

I ' sale. 2,jO table ts. 250 n.1~ ' .. j.79 
2nd bOllle I ' more. total 8;;.80 
Lassen Granola Dry Cereal 

Delicious and Nutricious 
3 lb. bag 1.69 

all types of natural juices, honeys, 
yougurts, organic fertile eggs 

. Pierre's Continental 
Health food 

1237 Prospect · l. 
La Jolla 45 1911 

TKI<Er PRlCl'S:. qOO aDVaNCE,_500 aT TliE DOOr< Otn"\.m:CENTR<3L n CK£T SYSTE/V} ~ 
fOR INfORMaTIOO call ( ) zztf- 1f1 76 ~ 

Tues. - Sol. 
9:45- 5:30 

Women Welcome 

f.m. "'I)U~TlGft • Closed Sun. & Mon. 
233-8328 

Coed Football 
Makes Big Hit 

Pat Stacy 

The intramural season is a little over one-half fi nished and. 
as predicted. coed footba ll has become a tremendous success. 
After several false sta rts Lee, Ann, Jimmy, and Weeboy were 
able to come up with a set of rules that provides an exciting, 
open contest that requires plenty of participation and 
teamwork by both sexes in order to effectively move the 
football . 

In the ballie twixt the two unbeaten ucko League giants, 
WASTED and Clf\CULATORY SYSTEM . the CIRCS, led by 
Captain Randy Twombly.·squeaked by 2-0 in a well-played. 
defensive struggle that saw a dropped lateral in the WASTED 
endzone result in a safety and two points for the CSers. The 
winners had just enough offense to keep the ball from 
constantly being in their own territory , but thei r biggest asset 
was Laurie, who did a great job covering Lynn. WASTED got 
close to scoring several times. but they seemed to lack the old 
spirit without Navy man Pa ul. 

In the grudge match of the Grumpie League season . arch 
rivals ORCHETTS and GOOSERS squared off Halloween Day, 
with the ORCHETTS emerging triumphant despite the 
presence of some strange looking Caped Crusader playing left 
tackle for the GOOSERS. Although the odd-looking masked 
man seemed to be all over the field. the GOOSERS were unable 
to contain ORCHETT leslie. who scored 2 TD's and performed 
admirably on defense. 

Due to the overwhelming popularity of coed football , when 
Lee John on started thinking ahead to coed sports for Winter 
Quarter he decided to bounce around the idea of coed 
basketball and see what ki nd of respon e he received. First 
reaction. " He's got to be kidding!" Second reaction. " You 
mean he's not kidding' " 

o. folks. Lee isn't kidding. As with coed lootball (and all 
intramural sports, for that matter ), the main P UI pose of coed 
basketball is just to have some fUD , PLA IN OLD ORDI NA RY 
ENJOYM ENT OF THE GAME. Again . a with coed lootball , 
we' lI have to ask your tolerance regarding the rule because 
they will undoubtedly have to be revised at least as many times 
as those for cued football. 

The preliminary et of rules looks like th is : a five-person 
team. three women and two men; field goal - three points for a 
girl. one for a guy; free throw - two points lor a girl , I for a 
guy : man-to-ma n. woman-to-woman defense ; the only legal 
creen i a gi rl creening lor a girl. a guy can only dribble five 

time before he mu t pa s off or hoot , a guy can only b in the 
key for two seconds and onlv one offen Ive man at a time In the 
key ; th duration of p riods· i till up in the air. If you have any 
questions (lr suggestion . bring them to Lee at the Intramural 
Olfic . 

High Tid 
unr ise 6:20 

3, Wed. 
Nov 4. Thurs. 
Nov 5. Fn . 
Nov. 6. Sal. 

Sunn 
Nov. 7. un. 
Npv . 8. Mon. 

ov. 9. Tu . 

a.m. Ht. 
8:36 7.6 
9:187.5 

10 ' ()() 7 I 
10' 48 65 

625 
11 42 59 
300 38 
4 12 4 2 

p.m HI. 
10; 4 6 
11 :00 4 2 

12 :54 5.2 
2' 184.7 

Low Tid 
un t5 : 13 
a m HI. 
2.24 1.3 
3'00 1.7 
?~~ 
4.24 2.6 

Sun et 5 09 
5.18 3.0 
6:48 3.3 
8.54 32 

p.m HI. 
3:42 1.6 
4 30 15 
' !!1 !! 

6: 24 06 

7.ZI; 02 
8:42 0 ~ 
9 48 0 4 

T uesdoy, November 2, 1971 Triton Times Poge 7 



~- announcements 
tuesday 

Rap Session : Muskie and 
the Issues; 7 p.m . in Revelle 
Formal Lounge behind 
Revelle Cafeteria . 
Everyone welcome - ask 
quest i ons , rap w i th 
members of the Youth 
Coal it ion for Muskie. Free 
refreshments . 

Movie, " Anton i o das 
Mortes," myth, violence 
and the revolut ion in N. E . 
Srazil - Cinema of Dissent, 
7:30 p.m., 201 MC, 50¢. 

Drama Club is meet ing at 
5:30 p.m. in Q317 Me. 

• For all Black pre - med ical, 
pre - denta l, pre - graduate 
students i n chem istry, 
physics, biology and health 
science majors, there w i ll 
be a meeti ng of the UCSD 
chapter of Nationa l Black 
Sc 1en c e St u dents 
Organ izat ion at 5:30 p.m . in 
Bldg 2E3-1101 (Resident 
Ha ll) Mui r Campus. 
All wom en i nv i ted to 
Women' s Liberation open 
discussions every Tuesday 
and Wednesday at 8 p.m . 
Room 333 Bldg . 250 Me. 

wednesday 

The National Student 
Association is sponsoring a 
nationwide fast to raise 
funds for Pakistani 
refugees . Several 
committed students are 
needed to organize the 
campaign on this campus . 
For further information 
contact Tom Deits, X1913. 

Classes on Social ism, 7:30 
p .m . Tenaya Floor 1 
Seminar Room . Topic : 
liThe Ch icano Liberation 
Strugg le. II 

All Women Inv ited to 
Women ' s Liberation open 
discussions every Tuesday 
and Wednesday at 8 p.m. 
Room 333 Bldg . 250 MC. 

5 p.m. Supper for students, 
35¢. 5:45 p.m . Bible study : 
" Sermon on the Mount ." 8 
p . m . " ls Pr i soner 
Rehab i l i tat ion Poss ible 
Through Pr ison Reform?" 
An ex-conv ict speaks with a 
pri son chaplain. Universi ty 
Lutheran Church . 

Ping Pong Club plays 7 p.m . 
Gym Fenci ng Room . 

advertisements 
for ourselves 

Student - Faculty discussion 
with Pascual Martinez, 
Dean of Third College. 
Revelle Informal Lounge, 
7:30 p.m. UCSD students 
welcome. 

The Asian Student Alliance 
will meet at 7:30 p.m. in 
Upper Blake. A filmstrip on 
the concentration camps 
will be shown. All Asian 
students, faculty and staff 
welcome. 

Archery Club meeting 3 to 4 
p.m. in the ym classroom. 

thursday 
The UCSD School of Chess · 
meets 7 p.m . in South 
Dining Room, Revel le 
Cafeter i a . Students , 
faculty, staff and chess sets 
are cordially invited . 
PlaY,ers of every degree of 
skill are welcome. Among 
the act ivities, two of the 
stronger club members will 
form two teams and playa 
consultation game for 
instruct ional purposes . 
Bring your own chess sets, 
if at all possible. 
AMES 101 B F i lm , 
" Fundamental s of 
Boundary ~ayers," noon 
HL Aud . 

Come on out here If you 
want to dance! It's every 
Thursday night In the Muir 
commons cafeteria. I'm 
talking about 8, dancing at 
8. Celebrate the end of 
midterms with a real 
hootin' hollerin' Hoedown! 
We'll have live music - just 
like the real thing - give us 
a try. 

7 to 9 p.m. Matthews 
Commons, a former Peace 
Corps Volunteer successful 
artist small local 
businessman will speak on 
" How to Market Your Art." 

Tioga Hall Lounge, 4 to 5 
p.m . Weaving for Bread. 

Angling Club meeting 7:30 
p.m . gym classroom. There 
will be a half-day deep sea 
fishing tr ip scheduled for 
Saturday, Nov . 6. Further 
info., Ken, 453-8859. 

Volunteers needed to 
conduct special interest 
groups (ecology, outing 
clubs, rap groups) at the 
Pen insula Y .M .CA., Pt. 
Loma for junior high and 
high school ages . If 
interested, contact Bonnie 
Dea n - 583-8878 . 

~----------________ classifieds 
Rewrit ing for research 
reports , theses , 
dissertat ions (structural & 
styl istic ed it ing ); f ast, 
exper i enced . 442-2 98 7 
even ings. ( 11 /3) . 

EU ROPE-ISRAEL-EAST 
AFRICA 
One way and round trip 
student fl ights . Inexpensive 
student - camp ing tours 
throughout West and East 
Europe, including Russia. 
SOF A Agent for inter-
European student charter 
flights . 
CONTACT : ISCA, 11687 San 
Vincente Blvd _, Su ite 4, 
L.A ., Cal if. 90049 TEL : 
(213 ) 826-5669 (R) 

LOST - black & white cat 
w/ flea collar & markings 
around mouth . 453-1439. 
( 1/ 2/ 

EED O. Chem tuto r . Wi ll 
cook meal s in xchange. Peg 
453-.1252. ( I I 2) 

Pregnant? Woul d you 
please talk with us about 
allowing us to adopt your 
baby? Ca ll Da vi d or 
Cynthia at 454-2080. (11 / 2) 

IS YOUR AU TO SICK OR 
TIRED ? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SE RVICE . 
AMER I CAN AND 
FOREIGN C ARS . 
REPA I RS AND 
POLLUT ION 
CO STUDENT 
DISCOUNT 7748 
HERSCHEL LA JOLLA 
( I N THE RE AR) 459-9181 

EU ROPE, S220-245 round 
tr ip. Also Middle East and 
J a pa n . ES EP , 176 13 
Queenswreath Way, Irv ine, 
Calif . 92664. (71 4) 833-8060. 
ESE P-UCSD members. (R ) 

DISTINCTI VE TY P ING 
IBM EX ECUTI VE 

Service on schedule . M odest 
Rates. Sa t isfaction is the 
end product . Helen, 459-
8828. (R ) 

EUROPE 
ALL YEAR ROUND 
FROM WEST COA ST 
Round tr ip from 5220; one 
way from 5125 . Fl ights to 
M iddle East, Orien t, & 
with in Europe. Phone 71 4 
833-8060. E .S.E P. 17613 
Queenswreath Way, Irv ine, 
Ca . 92664. ESE P members . 
( R ) 

Page 8 Tri ton Times Tuesday, November 2, 197 1 

WR I TING CLINIC 
Readers are ava ilable to 
check your rough draft or 
help wi th any wr i t ing 
problem you may have. Call 
Ada pt ive Learn ing Depl. 
x2401( R) 

Forming play group for 1 
y r . ol ds , 2-3 after -
noons/week . 277-6649. 

For Sale Panasonic Stereo 
w/ Buil t li n Record Player 
S100. David 4531342 

PROFESSIO NAL 
DRAFT 
COUNSELLING by 
com pete nt UCLA Law 
School gr ads, four years 
exper ience, fr ee inter view 
239·4080. ( 11 /2) 

WANTED: a desk, dresser, 
& chai r to furn ish bedroom. 
Would li ke someth ing nice 
but have few SS. Call 755-
7604 (11 /5) 

Thesis - term - papers -
report s typed and 
proofread . 50¢ a page. IBM 
Selectr ic, call anyt ime. 
Beatr ice Lynch, 753-7356. 
Clip th is ad. 

I BM Selectric Typing 
Choice of type styles . 
50 cents per usual page. 
Theses sl ightly higher . 
Draft correspondence free. 
Bruce, 453-5346. 

'63 purple - plum Falcon 
conv . needs lov ing home. 
Under S250Jane, 755-1251. 

Let us help you improve 
your read ing and vocabu-
lary sk il ls. Improve your 
GRE potent ial. Call today 
for a free exam on our 
Reading Eye Camera . Call 
4542221 or 4540118 . 

WANTED TO SUBLET : 
furn ished, l ivable house 
from Jan . 1 or Feb. 1 '72 to 
somet ime in or through 

. summer ' 72 . Dr . B . 
Markgraf , Den i son 
Univers ity, Granv i lle, Ohio 
43023 ( 11 / 9) 

Rale igh Record 10 speed 
bicycle BRAND NEW, 
licensed, 21 '/2" mens eve s. 
274-1282 (11 /2) 

1959 VOLVO - WHITE 
SEDAN X-Int condo S500. 
755-3367 Day or night . 

Stereo 4 sale 1 yr old, 
M iracrd 630 w/ bse & dst cvr 
Stntn 681EE S135, Fshr 160T 
recvr 30 RMS 2mv tuner 
wlnt sds S125 pr Fshr spkrs 
8" wfr 3" twtr wlnt S75 Call 
Alan at 453-5844 ( 11 / 2) 
WETSUITS - BLANKS 
(CLARK) 
KOAST SURFBOARDS 
WETSU ITS 15% OF F 
CLARK 1st's 12.95 
CLARK 2nd's 11.95 
CLARK REJ 10.95 
GLASS 55¢ A YARD, 
RESIN 3.00 A GALLON 
- WITH THIS AD -
109 N 101 ENCINITAS, 753-
5855 
( 11 /2) 

Campus per iodical needs 
wr iters interested in doing 
stor ies of an investigative 
nature. Expose' s & human 
interest stories also needed. 
If interested, call Larry . 
453-8651 (11 /l2) 

GIBSON GUITAR for sale 
7557454. 

ASK YOURSELF 
AQUESTION 

Then Answer It 


