
'triton ti 
-VOLUMN 12, NUMBER 12 Univers;ty ., C,'i'.,n;., S.n Die,. 

Def~nt surfers manage to find tbeir way down to tbe re nowned Black' urf even though the beach is officially 
"locked." 

,::lo::o:.,s .;.:1 n,:":v.:a,:,,:si:=,.n;,;,,,,:,.:P W!!! 

Draft Disruption Planned, Strike Reieded 
Corl Neiburger 

City Editor 

Students voted to organize a non-violent, legal disruption of 
the Draft Board offices for all of next week at a meeting called 
by the Student Mobilization Committee Wednesday night. 

The draft disruption proposal would include large numbers of 
people visiting and telephoning the selective service offices. 

They also voted to participate in a march in Downtown San 
Diego next Wednesday. A propos81 for a campus strike 
yesterday and today was voted down at the 8:30 p.m. meeting. 

The meeting, attended by up to 400, was marked by the par-
ticipation of several members of the Leaflet Coalition who op-
posed the SMC's position against the war in Vietnam. They 
distributed a leaflet supporting the invasion of Laos and spoke 
against proposed actions. 

Purpose aDDoanced 
Brad Merrill of SMC chaired the meeting. He annolUlced its 

purpose to be to "decide what response this University of 
California campus should make to Nixon's invasion of Laos." 

Philosophy TA Howie Swartz then keynoted the meeting, 
suggesting that the United States was entering Laos as an 
excuse for entering North Vietnam. The administration's 
reaction to war protests, Vietnamization, he said, indicates that 
"the only thing that's offensive to Americans is the. death of 
Americans. " 

After a second SMC speaker, Merrill said the meeting would 
"entertain proposals for action." Jim Sills of the Leaflet 
Coalition argued from the floor that Merrill would not let the 
audience "hear both sides" concerning the Laos situation'. 

Tony Hodges of the Young Socialist Alliance then proposed 

Lunar Eclipse Seen 

participation in the San Diego march. David Katzenstein 
proposed the campus strike. He said that Thursday would be 
devoted to discussion and planning and Friday to carrying out 
the planned activities. 

At that point, Mike Sherin of the Leaflet Coalition asked to 
make a proposal. He suggested that the meeting abide by an AS 
referendum of earlier this year and not call a strike without 
submitting it to a general campus referendum. Laura Merrill 
later spoke questioning whether the meeting could call a general 
strike and asking what kind of action was being considered. 
"Violence is not a very good way to show that you're against 
violence," she said. 

Disruption Proposed 
Literature TA Mel Freilicher then proposed the disruption 'of 

the draft boards. He said that this sort of action could "tie things 
up for a week. And besides, it might be fun ." 

~nard Bourin then asked the meeting to vote support for the 
Olicano Moratorium Committee. He noted his arrest two weeks 
ago at a Olicano Moratorium march "in connection with the 
rebellion and police murders." He said that sheriffs with 
shotguns and automatic rifles "went up against a crowd with 
rocks and bottles". "There's more than one man dead," he 
added, "we saw them." 

Others proposed a march to the OIancellor's complex after 
the meeting concluded, support for protest activities at San 
Diego State, leafleting busses leaving for the Oakland induction 
center, picketing at San Diego Airport, and writing to 
congressmen. 

Straw votes were then taken to limit actions to be discussed to 
those requiring group action and which the meeting was in-

(Continued on page 4) 

Under Excellent Conditions 
John Zoller 
Staff Writer 

Last Tuesday UCSD enjoyed a perfect 
evening of moon gazing. 

It had been foggy and cold during the day, but 
once the SlUl set, someone up there smiled. Santa 
Ana winds blew in from the desert, clearing the 
air and pushing the mercury into the high sixties. 
Students, ever vigilant for an excuse, shed their 
books, and in many cases their shoes and shirts 
as well, and spilled out of doors to witness the 
great cosmic event. 

viewed through dense smog. The blue light, 
astonomers explain, was entirely blocked out by 
the earth; but the red light at the other end of the 
spectrum, somehow refracted by the earth's 
atmosphere, was able to make it arolUld and on 
up there anyway. 

Some other astonomers later suggested that 
the same moon-earth-sun line-up that caused the 
eclipse also caused the L.A. earthquake. 

But for UCSD, Tuesday night, none of this was 
terribly important: the moon was red. Several 
millenia ago, this was interpreted as a sign to the 
Egyptians that they ought to let God's people go. 
No one, however, saw any such symbolism in 
1971. There was buzzing in open spaces, but none 
of it portentious, despite the L.A. disaster . 
People were lying on their backs here ; standing, 
heads wrenched skyward, there j some others 
posed for a photographer, above. 

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 1971 

The Sago of Block's Beach 
Fronk Phillips 
Stoff Wr iter 

Amid rumors that campus 
police are planning a crack-
down on the use of the 
University-owned Black's 
Beach access road, the UCSD 
administration is attempting to 
find ways to make the beach 
more accessible to the public. 
These developments are a 
symptom of problems relating 
to Black's Beach which began 
with the purchase by the 
University of valuable beach 
area property in 1967. 

Black's Beach is the beach 
area directly west of the main 
campus. Much of the area 
overlooking the beach was 
purchased by the Regents in 
February 1967 from William H. 
Black, a La Jolla developer. 
Property owners in the area 
were indignant over the sale of 
the land to the University, 
contending that Black had 
promised when they pilI'chased 
their homes that he was going to 
build a private recreation club 
on that land, according to Herb 
Johnson, Vice-Chancellor for 
Business and Finance. 

University Controls Road 

The problem is compounded 
by the fact that the University 
owns the only access road to the 
entire beach area. As a con-
dition of the sale to the Regents, 
provision was made that the 
access road would be open to 
the property owners of La Jolla 
Farms, which was developed by 
Black. Use by anyone other 
than property owners is illegal. 
According to Warren Levin, 
Assistant Vice-Chancellor for 
Business and Finance, the 
University would prefer to keep 
the road closed to everyone but 
cannot legally do so. 

Vice-Chancellor George 
Murphy told the TRITON 
TIMES that the University has 
been very ineffective in con-
trolling the use of Black's Beach 
Road. According to Murphy the 
campus police are considering 
several solutions to the problem 
of illegal use of the road. One 
possibility would be to change 
the lock on the gate controlling 
access to the road. It is known 
that many people have illegal 
keys to the gate. 

Trespass Citations Considered 

Until now the ~lice have 
issued parking citati~ns for cars 
on the road. They are con-
sidering seriously the 
possibility of issuing trespass 
citations instead, which carry a 
much greater penalty and 
require a cowt appearance. 

Murphy said all these actions 
are under consideration 
because of complaints from 
property owners about the 
number of students using the 
road. 

While the University is at-
tempting to find ways of ap-
peasing the property owners 
they are also looking into ways 
of making the highly desirable 
beach more accessible to the 
public. Last year Chancellor 
Herbert York appointed an ad 
hoc beach development com-
mittee. According to Jeffery 
Frauchshay, Associate Director 
of Scripps Institute and 
chairman of the committee, 
there is definite need to relieve 
congestion on the beach areas 
south of Black's. He said that 
one possible solution was to 
make Black's Beach easier to 
get to. His committee has spent 
several months looking into 
ways of opening lightly-used 
beach areas with a possible 
capacity of 16,000 persons, 
based on 100 square feet per 
person. 

Frauchshav said that one of 
the possible Solutions discussed 
was opening the access road to 
the general public . The 
University is hesitant to do that 
for several reasons. There is 
virtually no parking below and 
above the road. Also the road is 
very narrow, winds sharply, 
and is bounded by unstable 
cliffs . According to Vice-
Chancellor Johnson the 
University does not want to get 
in the position of having to be 
responsible for the safety of 
persons using the road. 

Access Road Possible 

Another method of improving 
access to the beach would be to 
build an access road at the 
northern part of the beach, 
through an area known as In-
dian Canyon. The San Diego 
Parks and Recreation 

(Continued on page 4) 

The eclipse began at 9:53; the lower right (got 
that, astronomy freaks?) corner of the mOO{l 
slipped into the earth's shadow. But the event 
went mostly unnoticed until closer to eleven, 
when the libraries closed and the wall mice came 
out. By that time the moon had a dull orange hue, 
not at all lUllike the appearance it takes on when All in all, it felt good. o moon-gazer demon trale wb re tb word " 'oon "com from. 



Granted Campus Site at Davis 
Nlllen~~anIndians have won a 

major victory with the granting 
of a site senn miles outside of 
Davis for the establishment of 
Deganawidah • Quetzalcoatl 
University The U.S. govern· 
ment released the former U.S. 
Army Strategic Com· 
mWlicatioDs Command Facility 
to DQU on Jan. 15 "for interim 
use and for care, custody and 
maintenance." 

This is the first major success 
for the various groups of In· 
dians who have " seized" 
several parcels of surplus 
federal property on the West 
Coast since their takeover of 
Alcatraz Island 14 months ago. 

"To ~, this is really a test of 

the intentions of the Nixon 
administration's promise to 
help in the development of an 
Indian-controlled education 
program," said Jack Forbes, 
UCD professor and DQU 
organizer. 

" This is just the begin· 
ning- we expect to start classes 
by March I- cultural and 
vocational training, and 
whatever is needed in the 
commWlity," Forbes said. 

Transfer of the property 
occurred when E.A. Saylor, 
chief of the Real Property 
Office of the General Services 
Administration in Sacramento, 
told the Department of Health, 
Education, and Welfare that the 

the past Smonths 
thousands of SanDiegans 

have taken off with ... 

.~ 
I 

pe5€!'i:d with tre rrpcx::1 d 
~ ~,~ ~ __ -1\ ~ SHOULD SEE Ill,,,,, 

...... ------~AOADEK7 
J721 ili\i9iSiiY 11/£ .""00 

6FILMS. 
F%HEARTS 
1818 GARNET STREET :?74·4OOO 

Page 2 Triton Times February 12 , 1971 

646.7 acres, which used to 
belong to the Army, could be 
given over to the DQU board of 
directors at the very least 
temporarlly. 

Among the formalities of the 
transfer is one whereby the land 
must revert to HEW, which 
must put it up for bjd again. 
Currently DQU is the only 
bidder, and DQU public director 
Grace Thorpe said, " They 
certainly wouldn 't grant us 
custody Wl1eSS we were in the 
top priority position. They have 
to put it up for bid again ; that 's 
the law." 

DQU board secretary Dave 
Martin expected no com-
plications in the final transfer, 
and said he was "very op-
timistric" that DQU wQuld get 
the land, though word was 
received last week that 
University of the Pacific in 
Stockton has expressed interest 
in the land. For what reasons 
UOP wants the land is not 
known. Mrs. Thorpe said that 
even temporary granting of 
custody would probably be 
enough to shake some com-
mitments for funds loose from 
government agencies and 
foundations, which DQU 
maintains are only waiting for 
the trustees to get firm title to 
the property before fWlding 
DQU programs. 

In the meantime, she said, 
DQU will be getting along on 
contributions of money and 
classroom furniture, office 
supplies, and so forth from state 
and local residents . She said the 
need to ~tart stockpiling these 

Re.ourcefuln eu 
p.ychology. becoming 
iuu,,". philo. ophy 
children '. booht 
jictwn. poetry 
educolw nal . 
joy 

New ... come ond 

contributions now is vital for the 
successful opening of classes on 
March 1. 

According to Forbes, funds 
are low for work on the old 
buildings, but between 500 and 
1,000 persons living near the 
base are interested enough to 
spend some time working on the 
project. 

Martin also said that until 
anticipated grants accwnulate 
and the programs began to 
complement each other, 
teaching would be done on the 
weekends and in the evenings 
by volunteer instructors, since 
DQU did not have enough 
money to pay people. 

Martin said that the oc-
cupation of the site by a group of 
Indians in support of the 
Uticano-Indian school was not 
the real reason that the land 
was granted. DQU received the 
land on the merits of its ap-
plication. Martin added, "The 
trustees are not advocating 
occupation as a way to force the 
government to accede to Indian 
or OIicano demands." 

Indians scaled the fences of 
the former Army com· 
munications site before dawn 
last Nov. 3, election day, upon 
hearing via a telegram from 
former Senator George Mur-
phy's office that HEW had 
awarded the land to UC Davis. 
They have occupied the site 
ever 'since, sometimes with as 
many as 75 people, sometimes 
with only three, till a few weeks 
ago. They voluntarily vacated 
then as a gesture of trust in 
HEW. 

U.s. &: Foreiln 
poperbocht 
mOI°.z,'ne. 

pOICero 
record. 

card. 

EARIH.IONG 
BOOK STORE 

1440 Camino del Mar Del Mar 755-4254 . 

OPERATION SURVIVAL 
WHERE DO I START? 

You slar t where Steinmetr, Scott and Veblen started back In 
1918- WIT H TH AT FOURTH BAS IC POSTULATE OF SCIENCE : 

" The phenomena involved in the functiona l opera tion of a social 
mechanism are merr ical-can be m easured !" 

And where do you learn about that ? In College ? From your Pro· 
fessors? Unfor tunatelY-<1ol For they are In the same grade 
ther e- that you arel This Is one you ' ll have to learn TOGETHER I 
For they coul dn't learn It in College either . 

Technocracy Incorporated is the ONL Y School you can "attend " 
for THAT Information-for it is the ONL Y School wi th no a ~e to 
gr ind-<1o Political , Economic nor Eccle5ias~ical Interes ts. For 
Technocracy is only : SCIENCE, APPLI ED TO OUR SOCI AL 
ORDER . 

That is the very simple reason why Politic ians and Big Business 
have been unable to " destroy" it~ver the past ha lf cen tury . 
Believe me true- it wasn ' t from lack of trying I ! ! 
11 - So OPERATION SURVIVAL has presented a 101 of NEW 

I OEAS to you these past few weeks . Good . I asked Tr llon Times' 
Jeff Fried whal he Ihoughl about them, and he said : " I'll ha ve to 
read them over as a complele Un it ; they have been prlnled In 
installments." Jeff couldn't have made a more Intell igenl An· 
swer , and OPERATION SURVIVAL has made Ihls oppor tunity 
AVAILABLE TO YOU . Just send In 25< to Ihe address below and 
we' ll send you a COM PLETE REPRINT of ALL THE Trllon 
Times OPERATION SURVIVAL Articles. OK? 

Nl - Send 51.50 for a year's subscr iption (12 issues) to TECHNO· 
CRATIC TRENDEVE NTS, A33 E. Market SI., Long Beach, 
Calif .. 90805. Easy ·reading . Vital. Non·Political! 

; 3 - Send $4.00 10 the same address for a year 's subscr iption (12 
issues) of Technocracy 's OFF ICIAL MAGAZI NES. You'll 
discover Ihe SIGNIFICANCE beh ind today's news, and a LOT 
OF NEWS THAT YOU AR E NOT GETTING I 

I A - When enough of you are interesled in enrolling in an EXT EN· 
SION COURSE In Technocracy , OPER ATION SURVI VAL will 
be happy to ar range this wilh you . It will take a couple hour s a 
week . That Pilot didn'llearn to fly Jets by playing ti ddly .winksl 

15 - When yOU decide Ihat SUR V IVAL Is SE RIOU S BU SIN ESS 
and II becomes l I on YOUR "IISI" -oPER AT ION SURVIVAL 
will be happy to pu t you In touch with the people who are 
prov iding TODAY 'S L EADE RSHIP for TOMORROW 'S 
AMERICA. II will bea " good show"-IF WE MAKE IT I 
YOU- and WH AT YOU DO- R IGHT NOW- are The Answer- Io 

that very big " IF I" Operation Surv ival , P.O. Bo~ 2019, La Jolla, 
Calif.. 92037 . 

Buckley Might Make Spring Appearanc~ 
The UCSD program Board has tentatively approved the ap-

pearance on campus of National Review publisher Willi8J!l F. 
Buckley, Jr. on April 26, and three National Review. editors 
April 26 and 'rI. Negotiations to present a conservative U.S. 
Senator, preferably Barry Goldwater, are in progress. 

The speakers are being sponsored by DIMENSION with a 
grant from the Campus Studies Institute. 

Scripps Project Results Revealed 
"The crust of the Carribbean is much younger than we ex-

pected and it is fairly uniform in age," revealed W.R. Riedel, 
curator of the Deep Sea Drilling Project, at a press conference 
on Wednesday. 
Riedel said that the age of the Carribbean was found to be 1M) 

million years old. The rest of the Atlantic is about 200 million 
years old. 

According to W. A. Nierenberg, the cOllrincipal investigator 
of DSDP, this is one of the two major accomplishments of the 
recently completed Carrlbbean leg of the project.He said that 
the other important accomplishment was the successful use of 
drilling re-entry techniques. 

The successful use of re-entry techniques makes it possible to 
drill through hard rocks and cherts that were previOusly Wl· 
penetrable, said Nierenberg. He added that re-entry techniques 
also make it possible to re-drill former sites. 

Who's the Biggest Pig of All? 
A wonderful assortment of prizes will be awarded to the 

winner of the newest contest at the University of Oregon. 
Women voting is going to determine who among all the men in 
the world is the Male Chauvinist Pig-of-the-Year. Qualifications 
for this honor include actions which "either belittle women or 
place men in a position of superiority." 

Individual prizes include "public hwnlliation (whistling, 
2!nching) , a broom and dust pan, a bra and girdle, knitting 
needles, a genuine dirty diaper, a package of birth control piUs 
and a bottle of Midol." 

Russian Jewess Will Speak 
Luba Bershatskaya, a Russian Jewess who just recently was 

allowed to emigrate from the Soviet Union to Israel after 14 
years of attempts, will arrive at the San Diego International 
Airport on Sunday, Feb. 14, at 1:55 p.m. Those desiring rides to 
the airport can meet at 1 p.m. at 201 MC. 

At 3: 30 she will hold an informal discussion with all interested 
students at the home of Dr. A. Malin, 5401 Bahia Lane, La Jolla. 

At 8 p.m. she will addres!J the comrriWlity at large at the San 
Diego Jewish Community Center, 4079 54th St., San Diego. 

Food Caravan to Aid Farmworkers 

A farmworkers' food caravan will leave from UCSD today to 
bring food to striking lettuce farm workers in the Imperial 
Valley. The caravan, conslItlng of UCSD students and other 
interested persons, will have two purposes, according to Car-
men Nevarez, a member of MECHA, the group that is 
organizing the caravan. 

"We want not only to provide food for the farmworkers and 
their families, but aIao to give students living in their antiseptic 
dorms a chance to see the conditions Wlder which farmworkers 
live in the fields of the imperial Valley and in all of California's 
farmlands." 

Davis Camera 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459-7355 

EUROPE 
HOLIDAYS YOU CAN AFFORD 
Round trip iet via TWA 
6 wk tour 11 countries $795. 
9 wk tau, 13 count,ies $995. 
10 wk tov, 14 count, ies incl. 
7 day c,uise of 

$1195. 
Students ond faculty only 
lox 726, Si.rra Madr., Ca. 91024 

J Z~"'."1i 
25~BEER 
entertainment 

nightly 
Silverado & Fay 

La Jolla 

Schrauzer Talks on Vitamin ( Effect 
Ed 1oy4e 

510" W,ite, 

A UCSD professor of chemistry warned 
recently that the consumption of vitamin C in 
excessive amounts over long periods of time 
may be potentially harmful to humans. 

In the wate of nation-wide publicity given to 
the alleged desirability of heavy doses of 
vitamin C in fighting the common cold, Dr. 
Gerhard Scbrauzer said he has accumulated 
further data supporting the theory that massive 
doses of ascorbic acid seriously alter the 
sensitive vitamin C regulating system of the 
body. Such alterations can cause dangerous 
deficiencies in vital functions of the body. he 
said, as soon as the administration of large 
amounts of ascorbic acid is stopped. 

On the basis of reports in the scientific 
literature and his own case studies, Schrauzer 
recommended gradual discontinuation of 
vitamin C overdosage. 

" Excessive vitamin C intake provides no 
long-term protective effects, and may produce 
serious deficiency states." said Schrauzer. 
"Such overdosages may create even greater 
susceptibility to the common cold and other 
infections if the user sudden) y termina tes such 
overdosages.' . 

ladepeDdeDt Reports Pron DaDger 

Two independent reports covering research 
in the period 1958-60 clearly spell out the danger 
of ascorbic acid overdosage, the UCSD chemist 
said. In one project Dr. T. Gordonoff, of Bern. 
Switzerland, fed a group of guinea pigs a normal 
diet. and injected another group with one· half 
gram of ascorbic acid per day. Mter 4 weeks. 
both groups were put on a vitamin C deficient 
die t. The "normal" animals fell prey to scurvy 
and died after 38.6 days and the other group 
contracted scurvy and died after 24.88 days. 

Investigators in Russia , in a similar project. 
repor ted similar findings. These findings have 
an interesting corollary in recent history, 
Schrauzer pointed out. "During the seige of 
Leningrad in World War II, a large proportion of 
the inhabitants of that city were subject to very 
poor nutritional conditions, he explained. 
"Russian doctors were puzzled to find that 
among patients who have severe symptoms of 
scurvy was a disproportionately large number 
who had received excessive doses of vitamin C 
prior to the seige." 

Cale Cited 
Schrauzer said he had just learned of a case 

involving a professor on the faculty of a well· 
known eastern university which appears to 
parallel the "Leningrad syndrome" and the 
findings of the Europeans investigators. 

"This professor took one gram of ascorbic 
ac!d a d~y ?ver a period of several years." he 
said. ThiS IS more than 10 times the dosage 
recommended in a normal diet He then left the 
United States for a sabbatical leave overseas 
where he lived on a normal diet for a year. O~ 
returning to the United States, the professor 
consulted his dentist on a problem involving his 
gums, and the problem was diagnosed as 
scurvy." 

People who switch suddenly to normal diets 
after an extended regimen of heavy vitamin C 
input "have an immediate reason for concern .. 
said Schrauzer. "Such persons should taper off 
gradually rather than suddenly, avoiding heavy 
exercise and exhaustion of all kinds. And by all 
means. such persons should consult their 
doctors. No one should embark on a program of 
heavy vitamin C intake without checking with 
his physician, and no one should alter such a 
regimen with medical advice." 

Side Effects Usted 
Certain side effects are known to be related 

to large doses of ascorbic acid, and potential 
vitamin C users should be aware of these 
according to Dr. Schrauzer. These includ~ 
temporary insomnia, restlessness, high blood 
pressure, nausea . headache and diarrhea. There 
is also the danger of kidney stone formation . 

Schrauzer said the heightened interest 
nation-wide in taking overdoses of vitamin C 
" could make a large number of people 
dependent on the intake of a chemical in their 
efforts to avoid the common cold. This could 
cause more harm than good in the long run." 

He emphasized that the important question 
was the potential health hazard and that he did 
not want the maUer turned into a personal 
controversy between him and Linus Pauling. 

Dr. Schrauzer maintains that the evidence 
advising against the excessive use of vitamin C 
is greater than that for it. At any rate, he feels 
that a whole population should not be 
experimented on to decide the matter. 

EUROPE - ISRAEL - EAST AFRICA 
.. Student travel d iscounts 
.. Official SOFA agent for over 2000 inter-European sludent 
charter fl ight 
.. International Student ID card 
.. 2 monlh student Eurailpass $ 125 
.. 3 weeks camping in Russia and Czechoslovakia $ 156 
.. 5 weeks camping in Spa in, Portugal and Morocco $230 
.. London·Capetown 7 week African Safari 5641 ,_ ... " -'" 

se_1 & ......... utlc 

WArERBEDS CONT ACT: ISCA l. A . Calif . 90049 (213) 826-5669 
~~1. ¥ ~, 

AIR FRAME 
KING $5500 
SIZE 
.......... " I.-thISIMto 

The Waterh.ae 
....... 

110-2611 
4212 

II c.teoo ...... 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F St. 

PAYS DONORS 
lor services 
Tues. thru Sat. 

t33 - 8328 

ShHIy ill 
G_lai-r., Mlllee 
n. " ... lljlrl s..llItr \lh.l . 

I fu ll, IUr •• i". h l .. "it, .f 
IfII ... " ••• will .fttt. J.1y S I. 
I U,'II 14, "t, 11I~1e", ...... ,.,. 
~ilt.ry . ,.,WiIII KiHei, ,.... ... 
hl'''I". It ...... T,iIi... SII.; Net4 
104 '.... SUS. 'rll' Ir. .. I. 
1t,1, '"Iu .1 s. •• " Stllill , 
hiYlrsllr .1 Ar l ..... hUll , 
Ali, ... ISl21. 

11687 San Vicente Blvd . #4 

Swartz to Meet With Reagan 
Ros, DeCosio 
Sioff Writ.r 

Governor Reagan will meet 
with all the loca1 cbairmen of 
FAR (Faculty for Academic 
Responaibllity) on February la. 
In an iDvitation to FAR's state-
wide chairman, Harry Girvetz 
of UCSB, Reagan expressed . a 
desire to "talk on matters of 
mutual iDterest." Representing 
UCSD will be San Diego's local 
chairman, Prof. Marc Swartz of 
Anthropology. 

FAR, campus organization, 
Is opposed to politicization of 
the campus. It believes that 
politics has no place on the 
campus and tries to uphold 
academic standards. According 
to Swartz, "Nothing should be 
done to undermine academic 
standards." 

Though the exact nature of 
the meeting with Reagan is not 
clear, Swartz indicates that the 
group will not talk about any 
specific problems on any 
specific campus. "We will only 

If 
yw ., iot ... stt4 ftllMlor I,des 

wtlH4 •• ..,.. '. 
,.. dott .. - ..... ..,.Is MtM 

.. _fits '" lM 
No phon. calls 

Stop in and s •• John 

PAC)r~C 
YAMAKA 

1651 .1,.1' IVI 
leifie IIlIell .11-1565 

TOKYO 
TAIPEI 
HONG KONG 
ROUND TRIP 

CONNECTING fliGHTS TO 
SINGAPORE, MANILA, HAr.u~,u~ .• 

SEOUL AND CALCUTTA. 

MANY 
flIGHTS 

TO 
CHOOSE 

FROM 

Nam • •. 

FOI inf.n.OIIU . 
1111 01 .,ilt: 
fIitht (-..itt .. 
r.o. 1e.2Stt 
S ....... , (iii!. ,4.1OS 
T.1. (41S) .... 2S71 

--

talk about University-wide 
matters like research and 
budget cuts and will try to 
Convince him to allocate more 
lImds for the University." 

The meeting will be com-
pletely open. Swartz says the 
gro~ feels very strongly on this 
matter and would even refuse to 
meet with the governor if it 
wasn't an open meeting. 

Before accepting the in· 
vitation to meet, Swartz felt he 
should inform the Ad-
ministration and the Academic 
Senate of the plans. OIancellor 
York and Gabriel Jackson, 
chairman of the Academic 
Senate, both gave their ap-
proval. University President 
OJarles Hitch didn't have any 
objections either and even 
voiced the possibility that a 
meeting of this sort could be 
quite advantageous. 

A trip 
in the 

suburbs ... 
among all those trees 

and all that grass. 

"The people 
next door" 

!IMrw1 Ell VVaIOCh 
Juler-erns 

r-el Hdbrcd\ 
~ Cob-byDelu", 

1 Addr ................ ·1 P ( 
~ .. . ' i " . , . . . . . . . eace orps On. Way fl ights Are Available I ---~ . 

WhIle in Sacramento, the 
group will alao try to meet with 
Assembly Speaker Bob Moretti, 
an ex .officio Regent. 

UNIVERSITY OF 
CALIFORNIA, 
SANTA CRUZ 

Summer 
Language 
Institute 

OHers Intensive Nine-week 
Programs in Beginning 

CHINESE 
FRENCH 
GERMAN 
HEBREW 
RUSSIAN 
SPANISH 

June 21 - August 20. 1971 
(nine weeks) 

Up to 15 quarter units 
University credit 
Deadline May 1st 

Summer 
Language 
Institutes 
Abroad 

FRANCE 
GERMANY 
SPAIN 

Intensive Intermediate and 
advanced language programs. 

plus excursions and Iree 
travel time. 

July 1 - September 5. 1971 
(ten weeks) 

Up to 15 quarter units 
University credit 

Deadline March 1st 
For Information about these 

prog rams write to: 
Summer L.ntll8g, In,Utut" 

M,rrlil College 25 
UnIHr,'ty of Cllifornla 

Sante Cruz, California 95060 

VALENTINE DATE NIGHT 
FRIDAY, FEB. 12 

$350 PER COUPLE 
Enjoy all the rides (or just 
your f avorites) as many times 
as you w onll Try the breath · 
laking new Sky Diver & Swiss 
Bob, 100. Five hours o f f un! 

7 P.M. 'TIL MIDNIGHT 
at beautiful 

3000 MISSION BLVD., SAN DIEGO 



Block's ~eoch ... 
(Coaliaued f om pace I, 
Department has been contacted 
about buildi,lg the road and a 
parking lot. According to 
Frauchshay the Parks 
Department is intereste.d. 
University engineers are now 
drawing up plans for such a 
project. 

BrOlmd the beach. The police 
are issuing parking citations, 
but they might issue trespass 
citations. And the University 
would like to make the beach 
available to more people but 
can't unless money comes from 
somewhere and La Jolla Farms 
property owners calm down. 

Peace Corps 
Any plans for improving 

access to the beach are only 
tentative, however. According 
to Vic~ancellor Johnson the 
University cannot afford to 
IUIdertake such a project and 
the Parks and Recreation 
Department has not made any 
commitments. Development 
Committee Chairman 
Frauchshay said that the 
Regents' attorney has advised 
the University to hold off any 
plans until litigation between La 
Jolla Farms property owners 
and the estate of William Black 
is resolved. 

The Peace Corps is recruiting 
this week in the North Dining 
Hall in the Revelle Commoms. 
The corps is particularly in-
terested in people with natural 
science backgrounds besides 
those in the general fields of 
sociology and anthropology. 
The corps is working in 61 
countries of the developing 
world and needs recruits to 
work in all areas. 

So there stands the complex 
saga of Black's Beach .. Chances 
are the beach will remain the 
same for some time to come 
while conflicts are resolved 
with the property owners 

JESU I COMING! 
The Signs Are-

You will hear of wars and rumors of wars, for nation will 
rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom; ther 
will be earthquakes, there will also be famines . These thing 

re merely the beginning. Mark 13:7-8. 

Any Questions-come to 
U.C. First Baptist Church 

Linda 274-4945 
Genessee & Miramar 9:45 a .m.; Services at 8:30 

& 11 :00 a .m. 

~ 
. 
I 
• 1 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

_________ __________ Cutec.ltnCf .... __________________ .. 

CAL JET CHARTERS •• ,., 
Europe 1971 

"Don't be misled by lower priCes, Investigate f.rst' Fly Wllh our reliable 
Charter group Know lhe facts on your charter carner before you Sign your 
apphcatn:n Don't take a chance wlth an unknown charter alrlme " 

• WEST COAST TO EUROPE -round trip • 
Prico 

nichI OAKLAND 10 lONOON Lv Junt 5 1279 
_31' (81 days) LONDON 10 OAKLAND Ret Au, 2' 

lOS ANG£LES 10 LONDON Lv June 13 1299 
-31~ 186",<} AMSTlROAM t. LOS ANGELES .~ Sept 6 

OAI<LAND 10 AMSTERDAM b, June It 1299 
-117 183 .. ,.} AMSTEROAIoI t. QAl(LAND RM Sept , 

OAI\LANO to LONOOH Lv June 16 1289 
. 133 (71 cloys) AMSTERQAM to OAKLAND .~ ..... 25 

~l\lANO to LONDON Lv June 16 1m 111118 172",,} WSTERDAM !oOMLAND 'ot ..... 26 
OI'KLAND 10 AMSTERDAM Lv June 11 1m 

.251 (90d.,s) AMSTERO .... .. OAKLANO R<t . ....... 26 

1111'1 (6Bd",} 
OAKlAND/LA 10 Amsttrdlm Lf Ju,..20 
AMSTERDAM to loA / Oo\KlAND RIC Aut. 26 sm 
OAIUANO to LONOON Lv June:20 1m 1316 (l3",,} AMSTERDAM t.OAKLANO 

.... Sept 20 
LA ' OAKLAND 10 LONOON Lv June 22 1299 

']17 (87"",} AMSTEROAM to o"KLANO/L A Ret. StPt. 12 

LA 100KLAND to LONDON Lv July l ' 1279 
-13' (29",.} Rei "14 11 lOOOON 10 OAKlAND/ LA 

OAKLAND/LA to AMSTERDAM Ly A.~ 1 1299 
tl2! (32 .. ,.} oIMSTEROAM 10 L.A 10000LAND .~ Sept. 1 

OAKLAND/LA 10 AAlSTERDAM Lv A~' 1289 
'Jl9 (30 .. ,.) oIMSTEP.DI\M 10 LA /OAKLAND R~ Sept 2 

• ONE WAY TO EUROPE. 
" 116 hWly ()fJI.LANO/LA 10 LONDON Lv.h'j:,, 20 1119 
0936 (TfI',,'I)' OAJ<LANO/L A to AMSTEROAM Lv~'I25 1139 
'253 f""'" OAKLAND/LA .. AMSTEROAM Lv June 18 1119 
. 126 to., OAIU.ANDILA 10 AMS1EROAM L, June2. 1119 
'IZ7 ""I OAKLAND/L A. to AAl STEROAM Lv Sept 7 1129 
"as ,... .. , ()I.ltLANO/lA to AMSTERDAM Lv StpC 2S 1129 

NEW YORK TO EUROPE 
./52 ( .. ,.) N(W YORKIOAMSTEROAM lv JUf'lll9 1210 

.. "n~M to HEW YORI. 
." Sept 15 

'336 (" ",s) NEW '(OfU( to AMSn.AOA~ L., June 19 1210 
AMSTERDAM to NEW YORK RM Au,31 

SPECIAL JAPAN FLIGHT 
'62& , ".Y') OAKLAND/ L A to TOI(YO ~., ':une 26 1399 

TORYO lOl A 'QAl(LANO R~ Ave 8 

I SPECIAL AUSTRALIA FLIGHT 
__ .!.u!.Y_ ~ l'~!.~.~k! !~!!~'~ I~f~~~I~~ __ !~~D_T~~ ~I~~~~~~! !.S!' __ 

The" Charter Fit hi' are a",labie only 10 ,tud.nl,. focull)' and st.ff of 
the UnIVersity of CalIfornia. and members of their ImrT'\edlatt f3mlhes 
The'.'" NO MEMBUSHI' HES 
All II'gIll5 Vii <ertlflcat!d "" tnes flytni lei tautpmenl ComPlimentary 
meal, and bevera es served tn IlIght 

fOf AppUcotion .. Furth., Inlorlnltlon _nt.· 
Cal ... t Chort.n 

2150Gr_ $1'"' 
Sin r flnelKG, C.~fomi. ~ 123 

or uM (A, •• code) 415 
922 1434 

I 
I 

LIo_ .. _ .. _ .. _III_III_III_ .. __ III_ .. _ .. _ .. _ .. _ .. _IIIII_IIIII_IIII_'!". '!"r .... ~'!" .. IIIII ... ~ .... ~_ .. _IIIII_IIIII_ .. _IIII_IIII~ .. _ .. - " __ "_"_"_"_IIIII_IIIII_~ __ ' 

Pa.;e.4. Triton tilTle~ .February 12,1971 

Students listening to the speakers at the SMC meeting last Friday nigbt. 

SMC Meeting .•• 
(Continued from page 11 

terested in. The meeting also agreed to ground rules' limiting 
debate to two speakers pro and con each issue, two minute time 
limit each. 

Sills protested from the floor that these actions were intended 
to stifle debate. 

SUls Favors US Action 
After Tony Hodges described his Wednesday demonstration 

proposal, Sills spoke against it by arguing in favor of the United 
States action in Laos. During his speech, disruptions from the 
floor were repeatedly hushed. Sills refused to step down after his 
time had expired and Merrill with several others pulled him 
away from the podium. 

Phil Carver, also speaking against the motion, said "the 
march won't do any more than the last couple of marches did. 
The only things that will convince Nixon are things that will 
physically obstruct the war effort." The meeting approved the 
march by a wide margin. 

David Katzenstein, speaking for the strike, said that it was 
time to do something to oppose the war. Jeff Stevenson of La 
Jolla High School said that high school students would support 
a strike at UCSD and that he "would like to see the whole City 
School District of San Diego walk out." 

HONDA CARS 

For Free 
Home Demo ... 
Call anyt ime at 
272-5511 

$139500 

Pacific Honda-1269 Garnet 

Ti(kets available at 
Urey Holl Box Offi(e 

53.50 Prmnt,d by SOS CAB. 
• . ~ • • I ,., II. I . l 0 "' " f ",r .- .. fI • .., \ ' r. , ·1'0 

Speaking against the strike, Rick alUnn said that holding 
discussions was "a wonderful idea, but we're grown up. We 
don't have to liave a shell of a strike around ourselves. I think it 
will alienate students." Another speaker added " It doesn't do a 
thing to stop the war. If you want to go on strike, great, but to 
call an official vote to go on strike is ridiculous." The proposal 
was rejected by a sizeable margin. 

The proposal for solidarity with San Diego State was passed 
without debate. 

MeetiDg Termed "Farce" 
When DIMENSION editor Karl Keating asked to speak in 

favor ofthe proposal to march to the Chancellor's complex, Jim 
Johnson, .a Black student known as "Tabu," complained that 
permitting Keating to speak turned the meeting into a farce. He 
asked people to take matters seriously and not play games. 

After the meeting voted to let Keating speak, he got up and 
mockingly yelled, "Smash the windows." 

Tabu, speaking for the motion, explained that the purpose of 
the march was to build solidarity, not to break windows. "We 're 
not fools like they (the Leaflet Coalition) are." 

Vince DeVaga opposed the march on the Chancellor's com· 
plex as a poor tactic. "We have a war to fight ; I think its here. 
And if its tactics you're going to worry about, there are a lot 
more effective things we can do." The motion was defeated. 

Mel Freillcher said his draft disruption proposal would have 
to. be carefully o.rganized "so that people are constantly there 
from 9 to 5." Jeff Weinstein, also a Literature TA pointed out 
that women could participate to . The motion was passed without 
opposition. 

IntlmidatioD May Work 
Bourin asked the meeting for "a personal commitment" in 

support of the Chicano Moratorium and asked for donations to 
pay for bail. Richard Novak added that Blacks have been 
successful in improving their situation because of demon· 
strations. "I'm glad the Chicanos have finally discovered that it 
might take a bit of intimidation to convince city officials to do 
things for them." The resolution passed without opposition . 

The meeting adjourned into small groups to discuss im· 
plementation of the successful resolutions at about 10:30. 

The American Premiere 
now playing thru February 14 (nightly except Mon.) 

THE FACE OF VIOLENCE 
by J. Bronowski 

a probing drama of a young man 
ob,essed with a d.,ir. for justice 

SAVE UP TO 5O%-Students $1.50 except Sat. (ve. 

N"'''~ c:= ~m!!~Ob~ht!ge ....... 
in balboa park 

239.2255 
.Iter _ 

IS 
SUPERB! 

a .......... y C8MPUX 
. ...... y ..... . 

... T .... L ... 
. .••. ..:: TIUUI ga .... T .... IITIAL 

, : ' ... If/ .:, ... ~'. • J ... UI&. .. 1.II .. aLL nMlI" 
.It .. ;.. -~ , .. ~j -Vinc~nt Canby. N. Y. T,me. 

" • .,~. A iii .. ~ LUIS BUNUEL 
,,-~ 

CATHERINE DENEUVE 
FRANCO NERO 

ollii 
EL CAJON BLVD. AT 

$l.22U.C.~~. sruOENf~tr 
a~orneR ~rtJo~~}r 
5.~~N~t ftJW~. ~ 

Ticke~s ~or thtt John Sebastian concert will be available from 9:00 a .m. until 4:00 p.m. daily 
beg,"nlng Tuesday, February 16, 1971 r at the Urey Hall Box Office. There will be four days of 
exclusive UCSD student ticket sales at which time there will be 2,000 tickets available to UCSD 
students only at $1.00 each. Students may purchase up to two (2) tickets per 1.0. No 

No tickets will be sold without presentation of a yellow UCSD student 1.0. card. We 
e~pect that the tickets will not last long. Further, we suggest that any student 

Interested in attending the concert purchase his ticket during the week of February 
16·19. After the 2,000 student tickets are gone, there will be no more $1.00 
stude ... ~ tickets available. No student tickets will be sold to faculty or staff 

members due to the limited number of tickets available. Beginning Monday, 
February 22, all remaining tickets will be put on sale. If any student 

tickets are left, they will be priced at $1.00 each; tickets for other 
area college studentsr $2.50; and general admission will be $3A)0. 

These tickets will be available on a first-come-first-serve basis. 
We are looking forward to a relaxing and enjoyable evening 
on the 27th and we hope all of you who are interested 

will attend. Hope to see you then, Campus Programming 
Board. Dan Spellens, ASUCSD Program Board Chairman: 

Triton Tim.. February 12, "71 Pig' 5 



triton tiIlles 
Univenity of Califomil. SIn Diego 

LA Jolla, C"ifornia 92037 
(7141 453:2000. ext. 1016. Advertising ext. 1017 

Haywood Gammon, Editor-in·Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The editorials ollp'oSMCI below or. approved by the TIlTON TIMES Editorial Board. All other opinions 
oxproSMCI Oft this pavo aro those of the outho,. wh_ names appear in the bylines, and do not 
_ssarily reflect the views of the TIlTON TIMES. Anyone dosiring to submit matorial to be published in 
this sodion should .. nd it to the Editorial pirector, TIlTON TIMES, 117 Blake Han, UCSD. 

A Lega/istic Approach 
In the Spring of 1970 following the 

Invasion of Cambodia UCSD, along 
with almost every other institution of 
higher learning in the United States, 
protested vigorously . Just how 
vigorous the protest was among 
students was indicated by the huge 
drop in class attendance following the 
call for a student strike. And the 
legitimation of class reconstitution by 
the Academic Senate reinforced the 
impression that the desire to actively 
contest president Nixon's conduct of 
the war ran through the entire 
University community . 

Now in Winter 1971 President Nixon 
has once again shown his total 
disregard for what the major ity of the 
American people desire-an im -
mediate withdrawal of all American 
forces from Southeast Asia, and cer-
tainly not another escalation. 

As we observe the response to this 
new development, we find it difficult to 
decide which is more regrettable-the 
apathetic reaction of the majority of 
students or the rebirth of a few cries to 
stop the University and take over 
buildings. 

The apathy is regrettable because, in 
our opinion at least, student opinion 
about the war has not changed. More 
likely, the arathy stems from 
disi llus ionmen with the almost 
negligible results of last Spring's 
strike. However, last Spring 's action 
should not be debunked, since it was 
student protest that lit the matches 
under Congress' toes and forced it to 
exert at least a semblance of control 
over the President. Admittedly it was 
not enough, or else Amer ican forces 
would nof now be supporting the South 
Vietnamese incursion into Laos. 
However, th is is no reason to give 

up-rather, it is all the more reason to 
both maintain and increase' the 
demand for an immediate witHdrawal 
of American forces. 

But it has become evident that an-
tiwar protest, especially w'ithin the 
University, must be restricted to lepal 
action. Civil disobedience proteshn'g 
injustice is a proud American tradifion 
dating back to Thoreau; however, such 
actions have been effective oni'y when 
they have produced favorable im-
pressions-legally wrong, but morally 
right-with a large segment of the 
public, It should be obvious from the 
lack of student support at the trials of_ 
the leaders of last year's Duilding 
takeovers that, even within the 
University, not many people equate 
class disruptions, building takeovers, 
etc., with morally just war resistance. 
In fact, an uncomfortably ' large 
segment of the community has come to 
accept the local cry of "brown-shirt 
tactics" to describe such actions. 
Described as such, these actions have 
not only become ineffective but also 
deleterious to the antiwar movement. 

We don't see this exhortation to 
remain within the law, whether it be 
University or public, to be a restriction 
on the effectiveness of protest . 
President Nixon's news blackout as the 
Laotian invasion began is only one 
ref lection of his fear of an adverse 
public reaction to the continuing and 
expanding war. We feel that legal 
methods of channeling antiwar ac-
tivism are commensurate with what 
has to be done. 

Thus, the resolution made by SMC at 
Wednesday night's meeting to legally 
harrass the local draft board is com· 
mendable as a legitimate way to keep 
the movement going , 

triton tillles 
Editor-in-Chief .. Haywood Gammon 
City Editor .... ... . Ca rl Neiburger' 
Managing Editor .. . ... Mike Klayer 
Copy Editor .. .... . Chuck Graham 
Business Manager, .. .. , . Jeff Fried 
Editorial Oireclor .. Raoul Contreras 
Associate Ci ty Editor .. . Owen Joyner 

10lly Se lvin 
Art Editor . . ... .. . . Terry Marak 
I Sports Editor . ...... Rock y HaIron 
Photography Editor . .. John Zaller 

News Department 
Rose De Costa 
Rod lorang 
Robert Miller 
John Zoller 
Ed Boyle 
Juliano Cinque 
Bobbie Fink 
Bru<e Morden 
Fronk Phillips 
CliH Post 
Kathy Rust 
Barbara Simon 
JeH Graham 
Don Greene 
Mike Roberts 
Paul T eyssier 
Roney Breece 

Contributor. 
Sieve Landau 
Jim Sills 
Arts Department 
Tom Beer 
Joy Gillette 
Larry Johnson 
Sorgun Tont 
Ken Bornes 
Corrie Rickey 
Artists 
Soroh McKenna 
Allan Sekula 
George Sozoni 
Au't Managing Ed. 
)oe East.rn 
Co my Shorick 
Production 
Dove Buchbinder 

Photography 
Jan Franek 
Matt Hinton 
Advertising 
Department 
Mark Trilling 
Su",n Codes 
Molly Selvin 
s.cretarial StaH 
Ste.e Cohen 
Sheila Calhoun 
Copy Department 
Debbie Montgomery 
Glena Schroeter 
Molly Montgomery 

The TRITON TIMES is aHicially recogniud and supported as a student newspaper by the Communications Board 
of the University of California, Son ~iego. Building 250. Matthews Campus, la Jallo, California 92037. Publ ica tion 
is twice weekly an Tuesdays and Fridays. Office, are located in room 117, Blake Holi. an the Revelle Compu,. For 
Advert i,in g phone 453, 2000, X I 0 17; for editorial or new' phone Xl 016. 

McGovern for President 
Mark W. Siegal 

The last weeks of the spring quarter, 1970, brought a new 
political consciousness to this campus. Many students became 
acutely aware of the formidable problems of accomplishing 
meaningful action through the established political systems in 
this country. At the end of the quarter many members of the 
university community were still asking the question, " What 
can I do to have a meaningful effect on the politics and policies 
of the Federa l government? " 

NiDe Examples Cited 

On January 18 of this year Senator George McGovern 
announced hi s candidacy for the office of President .of the 
United States. In a letter dated January 15 to prospective 
supporters, Senator McGovern gave 9 examples of 
abandonment of its original ideals by the United States: 

" An America which launched its own independence with 'a 
decent respect for the opinions of mankind ' now wastes its 
blood and substance in the jungles of Southeast Asia in open 
defiance of the common sense of the civilized world . 

" An America founded on a belief in the sacredness of life 
now endangers the very basis of life by polluting the air , water, 
and land which sustains us. We are standing in garbage up to 
our knees while hurling rockets to the moon. 

" An America whose early pioneers opened the doors of 
Harvard College six years after landing at Massachusetts Bay 
now is led to believe that we cannot afford adequate funding to 
strengthen our schools. 

"An America founded on the belief that 'all men are created 
equal' has been so slow to grant full equality to its racial 
minorities that it is driving some among them to acts of 
desperate and self-destructive violence. 

.. An America whose dollars were once so sound they were 
recognized as a standard around the world now finds that its 
dollars are so weakened by 'guns and butter' inflation that even 
working Americans find it hard to afford butter, to say nothing 
of meat on the table for dinner . 

" An America of law is cursed by rising crime, dangerous 
neighborhoods, and an underworld drug traffic that is 
jeopardizing the future even of children in grade school. 

" An America with a Constitution that placed its war-making 
power in an elected Congress now finds that power wrested 
away by the Clk, the Pentagon, and impetuous chief 
executives. 

" An America which has always renewed itself through the 
vigor and idealism of its youth now finds many of our most 
sensitive and intelligent young people losing their faith in our 
system and turning to drug addiction, exile, or dangerous 
fantasies of domestic guerilla warfare. 

And an America which has prided itself on the opportunities 
for individual fulfillment now has millions of working men and 
women who are trapped in unrewarding jobs, or can't even find 
a job because the demand for their particular skill has 
disappeared . " 

End Sources of Despair 

Senator McGovern wants to end these sources of national 
despair. He is capable of doing it. He realizes fully the 
tremendous task of building grass roots support. He is asking 
that people help fund 'his campaign through a succession of 
primaries ultimately to the Presidency itself. . 

A table will be set up on alternate days at Revelle , Muir , and 
Matthews campuses, Scripps and the Medical School to collect 
checks made out to Senator McGovern . With your name and 
address on your checks, he will acknowledge your contribution 
directly to you. People will be there to provide information 
about Senator McGovern, and to accept your checks if you 
agree with the aims of his campaign. There are many ways in 
which you can be of help. 

After the crises of Cambodia and now Laos, this campus has 
a marve lous opportunity to insure that Senator McGovern's 
points will be debated in primaries from one end of the country 
to the other, and hopefully that he will be elected President. 

For more information contact Doug Trani, chairman of the 
McGovern for President Committee, Box 6478. 

'- -~-' 

Jack Douglas 

Third liege Savior? 
Dr. WilHam R. Frazer 

As one of the two Third College Board of 
Directors in the "obscure " referred to by Dr. 
Jack Douglas in his latest TIMES, I feel 
obliged to answer. and chemistry, 
the disciplines of the th on the Board of 
Directors, are obscure to but a much more likely 
interpretation is that he is . the membership of the 
board he criticizes so often. 

Perhaps it is also that he repeats the 
distortion that " three thus have veto power 
over all faculty promotions in Third 
College." No one amiliatlbe exttemely deliberate 
procedures of UCSD, decision up to the 
Chancellor after at least would make such 
a statement. Going beyond ' into outright insult of hi s 
colleagues is Douglas's " As we have all found , 
there is hardly a good who will accept a job 
under those cond itions... the " we all" that he 
claims to speak for? One is last Summer and early 
Fall , when Dr. Douglas's he for a group 
called the Committee to caused great 
embarrassment to , which subsequently 
disbanded. 

There are, however. 
na ture of UCS D's 
sufficient to crea te a 
also necessary. 

It is true that it is not 
College, but not for the 
Faculty of Third College 

Women's Lib (loss 

raised concerning the 
is necessary but not 
suppo~t at all levels is 

faculty for Third 
concern Dr. Douglas. 

to make an additional 

commitment to organizing and developing the under-graduate 
programs of the college . Dr. Douglas fears that "students and 
chemists" are judging the research qualifications of 
sociologists can be laid to rest. 

The Board, relying on dtpartments for evaluation of 
schol~rship ,. concerns itself with a candidate 's ability to teach 
and hiS Willingness to devote a major portion of his time to 
developing and teaching in programs of Third College . But our 
faculty , justly proud of the quality of the research and 
graduaf:e educa.tion at UCSD, . i~ afraid that giving teaching and 
univerSity service the recogmtlon ca lled for by the President'S 
instructions on appointment and promotion would lower the 
research standards. 

This is a valid concern, as indeed the balance between 
graduate and undergraduate education was the primary 
concern of all of us who have helped set up UCSD's unique 
college system. Dr. Douglas and others worry that the balance 
may swing to? far towa rd undergraduate education through the 
efforts of Third College. I worry that it is quite possible that 
the balance may remain where it has always rested : heavily 
weighted toward the graduate departments. 

Departments- that is, f~culty- can help Third College by 
recogmzmg that the new Third College fac ulty are being asked 
to do much more than was demanded of us when we were 
recru! ted . Many departments, most notably biology and 
chemistry, have demonstrated that it is possible both to recruit 
faculty .for Third . College and for existing faculty to help in 
deve.lopmg the Third College programs, without sacrificing the 
quality of graduate education . This, not just votes in the 
Academic Senate, is the kind of commitment which will insure 
the success of Third College. 

'Just like An Ignorant Assumption 

_''''~IIU U' to Be Like Men 

In her article in the Triton 
Times (February 5) Ann 
Kee ner ' s attack on the 
Contemporary Issues class, 
" Women : The Longest 
Revolution ", she voiced charge that we are 
several popular criticisms of to be 'just like men ' is a 
Women 's Liberation. The contradiction of what 
sneering tone and cattiness of clearly stated in the 
her remarks indicate that she We are indeed working to 
had not enrolled in the class " to a society in which 
be liberated" as she claims, are, in all areas and on 
but rather to find proof of her vel s, trea ted and 
shallow, preconceived notions as the equals of men , 
of Women 's Liberation (despite the same economic, 
evidence to the contrary) and ai , and sexual 
that the article itself was 
written to ridicule the women i ti e san d 
conducting the class. ities that men 

Putting aside her sarcasm But we immediately 
about ou r method of tha t men do not have 
presentation, we insist that it is . rc)ughly desirable position 
the content of the presentation it is desirable only 
which must determine the to the even more 
competence of the instructors repressive role 
and the validity of the class women. 
itself . Ann Keen er ' s ining the na ture 
statements demon trate a oppression in this 

when conSidering what 
changes a re needed to 

t oppression, we must 
an ideal. We must 

always of what is 
t to be the status 
being in this or 

We are working to 
t idea l status. We 

a ware tha t it is only 
Ihe context of the 
artificial sexual role 

that men benefit, that 
that destructive 

the masculine 
perverts a man 's 

lity and makes 
demands on him . 

mea" equall y 
Iy better- not 

of ac hieving 
ibera tion cannot be 
from that of' human 

The staggering 
of those problems 

formulations of 
·to -b come -liberated -
Because people are 

individuals, we do not presume 
to tell them wha t libera tion 
would mean in their own lives. 
Liberation is an active, on-
going process, demanding 
continual investigation of the · 
nature of oppression and 
evaluation of the goals of 
libera tion - goals which are 
necessarily nebulous and 
vaguely defined at present 
because of the repressive 
human programming and 
depersonalizing conditions 
characteristic of our society. 

The purpose of this class is to 
encourage students to 
investigate and clarify the 
nature of women's oppression 
by relating broad social 
manifestations of sex ual 
discrimination to their own 
individua l experiences . 
Because investigation and 
clarification of solutions are 

• necessarily speculative, we 
chose not to enumerate all 
possib le answers to the 
questions of liberation, but to 
emphasize the practical and 
moral considerations which 
must guide any struggle for 
equality. 

Male Supremacy Domiaant 

The first consideration is 
that this society is thoroughly 
imbued with male supremacy. 
The institutions presuppose and 
perpetuate the subjugation of 
females : the psychological 
sexual stereotyping begins in 
infancy and pervades all we are 
taught, all we see, all we hear. 
This means two things: 1) Spot 
improvements are not enough. 
A 'large scale popular 
movement is needed to make 
large scale changes. 2) To 
insist that individuals simply 
ignore the channeling and 
discrimination going on all 
around them is both tupldly 
naive in terms of human 
p ychology and grossly callous 
to a person's de ire and need to 
belong to a community. 
Individuality should not have to 
be won by emotional and 

intellectual isolation from 
one 's society. 

Even if it i sti ll argued that 
an individual can achieve 
personal liberation all by 
herself, it must be asked if that 
is morally acceptable. In our 
society it is the rule that 
success is won either by 
actively stepping on others or 
by ta king advantage of the 
privileges that come with the 
right white color and the 
necessary amount of money, 
money made by pa st 
ex.pl~itation of other people. 
WI.thm the present SOCiety , it is 
qUite certain that a woman 
(white middle-c lass) who 
" makes it", has achieved 
equality by tolerating or 
increaSing the inequality of 
other humans' condition. 

We must also ask if it is right 
to win equa li ty in a country if 
that country is engaged in 
aggressive wars and exploilive 
activities throughout the rest of 
the world . Women's liberation 
must be consistent with the 
liberation of all people. The 
moral imperative . to decide 
what this means and how it is 
to be achieved rests on every 
women who claims that she 
wants to be liberated . 

Marcia Wheeler 

Regina Brunig 

Myrna Mathers 

Pat Campbell 

OJena Black 

Mary Kogler Lee 

Ruth Yesian 

Susan Cades 

Ilene O'Malley 

Who" Are the "Anti-war A(tivists"? 
Jim Sills 

wrote, last quarter, of the repression by 
students against students which occurred 
during last May's student strike. Imagine my 
surprise when I found these student repressers 
resurrected as "anti-war activists." We are 
thus asked to extend our sympathy to last year's 
SDS stalwarts ; Cathy Rose, Haven Anchen, 
Jim Hirst, Frank Gormlie, Bruce Coston and 
the rest of the cast. 

To be sure, "anti-war activists" conjures up a 
rather different picture from what happened 
last May. One imagines peaceful protest which 
violates nobody's rights. One imagines vicious 
repression of honest dissent, an administration 
in league with police extremists. SDS and their 
frie nds in the new Student Mobilization 
Committee (SMC) have good reason to expect 
you will believe this fairy tale. For who will 
remember? 

Who Will Remember? 
Who will remember the forcible occupation of 

building 2A on April 30, 1970? Who will 
~el!lember the Triton Times reporters 

. intimidated and harrassed? Who will remember 
the constant heckling of Jess Unruh May 6 by 
YSA's bearded guru, Tony Hodges? Who will 
remember the forcible takeover of a floor of 
Urey Hall? Who will remember the sign " No. 1 
military lackey pig" on Prof. S. S. Penner's 
office door . Who will -remember the files rifled 
in 2A and the copying and distribution of private 
correspondence? Who will remember the $60 
stolen from a forced cashbox in 2A? Who will 
remember Chancellor McGill forcibly 
prevented from entering his office on May 21' 
Who will remember the cowardly attack on a 
Triton Times reporter that same evening? 

Who will remember the 60 smashed windows 
in the Chancellor's complex the night of May 
27? Who will remember Vice-Chancellor 
Murphy working late that night with his 
secretaries, when suddenly rocks began to fly 
through his windows? Who will remember 
Murphy's courage in refusing to bring outside 
police on campus : though 50 units of the SDPD 
were waiting a mile away? 

Who will remember? I at least, dear reader, 
will remember because I was there and saw 
most of these things. I will remember that no 
outside police were brought on campus. [ will 
remember court injunctions against forcible sit-
ins contemptuously thrown, spat on, and 
crushed underfoot by demonstrators. [ will 
remember, as you should,that SDS knew exactly 
what it was getting into ; a reckless, violent, and 
anti-democratic attempt to destroy the 
University. 

And what of the so-called " war-research" 
that the brown shirts said justified their 
actions? Some accurate answers on that 
question came from the intensive investigation 
conducted by the Academic Senate's Committee 
on Research Supported by the Military (RSM ). 
This writer participated in some of the 
interviews with department chairmen and other 
key faculty members. I learned that only 32 
percent of UCSD's federal research money 
comes f.rom the Department of Defense. I 
learned that 80 percent of this money goes to 
Scripps Institute of Oceanography. 

[ learned that many of the professors 
identified as "war mongers" were working on 
things like Project Clean Air . I learned that at 
least 95 percent of the projects funded by 
D.O.D. on campus have their full results 
reported in standard technical publications. I 
learned that almost all money the university 
receives from the Department of Defense goes 
into basic research, not development and 
weapons production. I learned from the RSM 
committee report that " We have found no basis 
for downgrading the academic value of the 
militarily funded research carried out on this 
campus. The academic quality of research at 
UCSD shows no correlation whatsoever with the 
identity of the sponsoring agency." 

Issues " Falsified," "distoned" 
I learned, in short, that SDS had falsified and 

distorted another issue. Perhaps the saddest 
memory of last May, are the two hundred or so 
students who were sucked into joining the sit-in, 
providing the manipulators with convenient 
cannon fodder. Activated with Pavlovian words 
like " war research", " Reagan", and "off the 
pig" these foolish individuals mooed back with 
" right on", "power to the people" and " US out 
of Asia now, end war research." Like so many 
cattle. 

Right now, 'the SDS and YSA outriders are 
looking for new cattle with which to start a 
stampede. They'll try to confuse you with all 
sorts of scary stories and the same lies they 
used last year. As a senior. I have been very 
impressed with the temperance, calm, and selI-
. p~ssession of this year's freshmen. I hope they 
Will remember what things were really like last 
May. I hope all students will remember the 
student referendum of last November: 
"Resolved, it shall be the policy of the students 
to oppose building takeovers, window 
smashings, intimida tion of faculty or 
students .... , The vote on that was 813 yes, only 
217 no, and 280 abstain. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
Nixon-
A Mad Dog? No 
Dear Editor: 

I strongly object to your 
subtle (?) comparison of Nixon 
t.o a mad dog in your editoria l 
of 2-5-71. 

After all , mad dogs are mad 
due to a physical ailment that 
affects their mental condition, 
whereas Nixon has no obvious 
physical defect (besides a bad 
case of vomit inducing 
actions ), but has an obvious 
mental condition (or lack of) . 

Dogs have some intelligence, 
be they tll.3d or not and it is a 
grievious insult to put them on 
the same footing as Richard 
Milhous. J im Galloway 

Dimension Doesn't 
Know 

During the last few months 
Karl Keating and the taff of 
.. Dimen ion " have been 
criticizing people they call 
radicals and liberal . Thi i 
good . If we are to change this 
planet into a truly decent place 
for all peoples to live on. then a 
lot of self criticism will be 
needed . However, some of the 
staff hay been playing the 
dangerou game of claiming to 
know what i in other Jlet'ple 's 
heads. 

You can never know what 
another per on really 
thinking : you can only 
approximate from how you 

yourself think. Often when you 
think you know how the other 
person is thinking, you've 
merely figured out how you 
would react in the same 
situation. This is what Jim Sills 
and the author (unsigned ) of 
"The Playbo Philosophy" 
seem to have done. Jim Sills 
claims Angela Davis has 
contempt for her followers. I 
can hardly accuse Jim Sills of 
having contempt for his 
massive following. However. 
he does seem to have 
considerable contempt for a 
large portion of mankind 
(blacks, chicanos, women, long 
hairs, Vietnamese, etc.). The 
writer of " The Playboy 
Philosophy" implies that when 
a male liberal or radical goes 
to bed with a girl he is using her 

as an object. Admittedly, some 
males of liberal and radical 
persuasions are chauvinistic, 
but so are members of all 
political persuasions. The 
author himself treats peopl as 
liberal , radical , or 
conservative, rather than 
treating individuals as real 
people. 

Karl Keating and his 
" Dimen ion" staff have failed . 
[nstead of providing 
meaningful criticism of the 
direction and goals of the youth 
revolution. "The Man" and 
most of his taff have 
continually played ego-trip and 
esoteric name games (radical-
liberal-conservative ). I hope 
that this situation improves, 
but indications do not seem 
good . Phillip Carver 

Got Something To Say? 
TIle edllOrial pages of t~ TRITON TIMES are opeD 10 
t~ eaUre Ualverslty commaDlly. U you feel tbe paper Is 
100 lI~ral or 100 CODltrvative, wby DOt belp 10 Iry aDd 
clla.,e II. direcUOD. U you feel certaiD ilSles or 
viewpolDts ave beeD Icaored or do1-tmpba.iled wby DOt 
express t~m YOllfl;tlf. TIle TRlTON TIMES leeks 
artkles expre.sl., tbe views 01 ladlvldaal. aDd 
orcuiUltiODI, .ltdeat. aDd facalty , a" admiDi.tratioa 
a. ~ned chiua •. U elf ffOf'l 'llTftiag -is 

~I to lOme 01 oar coI.mai.ts t~ opportllity to 
ctIIlnbtJte 011 a nplar basi. I. also opeD. All ,..,.tial 
celamaist. SNaId coacact lile editorial director · 
1.lvidul article. of o,lalot .boeld be seat or delivered 
10 tile IIlDe. How well We reneet tile Ualver Uy cal be 
delerllllilled OIIly ..... '11 feedback frOID oar rtlden. 
VOl cal aad ...... rrillclu or colDmeadaay part of t~ 
paper *"'lIlelte .... to-~ltor. 

Triton Times Ftbruuy 12, 1971 P .... 7 



(I,.eert Review 
Current Art Repression 
Troubles Lorin Hollander 

lorry Johnson 
Arts Wriler 

The difference between a man and a stone is rigidity of 
structure-A man has more flexibility. Lorin Hollander: 26 
year-old guest pianist with the San Diego Symphony, believes 
that, artistically, the trouble with the current age is that people 
repress their feelings, and thus repress their artistic 
creativity. Music and other forms of art are, after all , matters 
of feeling. Composing, playing, or attending the concert should 
not be a mere formal activity but should be an emotional 
experience Hollander is as apt to show up for a concert in a 
turtle-neck as in tails, and believes that the formal atmosphere 
of concert hall tends,to turn people off. Artistically, i would be 
better if people could'just slide out of their seats and lie on the 
floor during a concert, if they felt like it. Artistically, it would 
be better if artists and composers could allow themselves to 
express their feelings that could valuably be expressed. 

Rock! Not Great by Itself 
Rock music is seen by Hollander as a valuable attempt to 

break through restrictions with a " creative catharsis, " and 
thus as helping to push the pendulum in the other direction : but 
by itself it is not great art. rndeed , not everything that results 
from a lifting of restrictions is good at all- and may be very 
bad . The difference between a man and a jellyfish is rigidity of 
structure. A man has less flexibility . Artistic creativity seems 
to lie in a proper balance of what should be expressed and how 
it should be done. 

Hollander himself displayed fine artistry in Rachmaninoff's 
"Rhapsody on a Theme by Paganini for Piano and Orchestra, " 
which he played with intense concentration, crouching over the 
piano as if he were afraid it might try to escape. The music 
certainly did not escape him, being done not only with a very 
expressive interpretation, but with great technical accuracy. 
My only regret, and this i a matter of persona! reaction, would 
be that there was not more interpretive contrast between the 
quieter passage and the climaxes. It 's a shame that we only 
had Mr. Hollander play this one piece for us . I'd like to have 
heard more. It IS worthwhile noting, by the way, that there 
seemed to be considerably mori: young people than usual in the 
audience. 

Violinist Also Conducts 
The conductor for the concert was Robert Emile, the 

Symphony's violinist who conducts one program a year. The 
program, which also included Diamond's "Rounds for String 
Orchestra" and Prokofiev 's Suite No. 2 from " Romeo and 
Juliet," was heavily string-oriented , even in the 
Rachmaninoff. rt is not surprising therefore that violinist 
Emile handled the orchestra quite well. This was particularly 
valuable in the case of " Romeo and Juliet" which has a strong 
electric driving force which can be over-powering. Well done 
mellow stringsmanship was able to balance it with the lyric 
element which is often lost. 

Boo •••• Ie. 

A Child's Garden of Grass 
Tom 8 •• r 

Arts Writer 

A ClaUd's Garden of Grass 
(The Official Handbook for 
Marijuana Users) 
By Jack Margolis and 
Richard Clorfene 
Pocket Books, 95 cents. 

How can I learn to love 
grass? Let me count the 
ways : firsUy I can attend lots 
of public meetings , 
commissions, grand juries 
and the like. Secondly I can 
si t down and read a 11 the 
books, research reports, trial 
transcripts and other 
multitudinous volumes of 
literature in existence. 
Thirdly, I can sit down, lock 
my door, close the windows 
and smoke the pernicious 
stuff. 

A Child's Garden of Grass 
is definitely written for the 
old-style investigator who 
prefers first-hand experience 
to second-hand reports . 
Admittedly it cannot come 
out and admit this. rt is 
against the law to moke pot 
and probably against the law 
to ad vise people to moke it. I 
am not advising you to smoke 
pol. However , Ernie 
Lundquist will advise you to 
smoke it. In fact Ernie will 
advise you to do a lot of dumb 
things. You can find out about 
Ernie if you read the book. 

A Child's Garden of Grass 
struck me as being a friendly 
little book written by friendly 
people. Unfortunately what is 
going to happen is that the 
freaks won't buy it, because 
they think they know it all , 
and the straight people won 't 
buy it because they don't 

want to know anything about 
the drug so only Ernie 
Lundquist will get to buy it. 
This must not be. Even if you 

can make your own water 
pipe, clean your own grass, 
grow, prepare and sell it, the 
book should still be read . It 

has a remarkably good essay 
on the concept of freedom and 
rights in relation to the laws 
governing marijuana. This 

essay is so good that it is 
worth learning verbatim and 
spouting to your mother next 
time she complains about the 

house smelling like burnt 
rope. The book also has 
remarkably relevant quotes 
from Robert Louis Stevenson. 
TheSE; quotes are so good they 
are worth learning. 

On the other haM, if you 
are one of those people who 
does not smoke marijuana, 
then you have probably often 
wondered what it was all 
about. This book is as good a 
place as any to find oul. In 
fact it's better than most, and 
it's certainly a lot more 
coherent than one of your 
stoned acquaintances is likely 
to be. 

Altogether the book was so 
good that I wanted to rush up 
to Ernie Lundquist's place 
and try some marijuana. But 
the book tell me that this is a 
dangerous thing to do . Indeed 
it tells me of a lot of things 
that are dangerous to do. 
Offering hash brownies to the 
policeman searching for 
grass, for instance. Hiding 
your grass in the spice rack , 
shower curtain rod , or in a 
hollowed out book is also 
dangerous. 

But, as the book points out, 
grass is only dangerous 
because you could get busted. 
so don't get busted and it 's not 
dangerous. Or as Playboy 
would say (has said in fact)the 
main trouble with the people 
who smoke pot in Cal ifornia is 
that they actually look like 
people who smoke pot. Be 
careful, and read the book. 

. / -~ .''"-~ 
:~~ \ ~ ~- .. ~- .~-- ~~:1t 
./it} ~ Autopsy is a nasty business, but is metropolises to be m r i t r neighborhood grocery store). 

! very necessary to answer certain most great writers in this coun ~m E . m takes us on a tour of his 
... ( A I questions. Mental post-mortems, on the from the South. No insult is' en , here he introduces . 

t,. :-r--~."\ ,I other hand , are not that easy to perform, but to consider the South an C;a.t stu e, if we could ke him 
l' \ " nor are the mental pathologists as intellectual capital simply won 't do. Y ser ), g' e discourse n todays 

.... .,.? '. ~ capable of findi ng the truth , as are their Another case point is politics. In ) , bage dis ma!;lliQl,)and many 
, counterparts in medicine. Of course, you almost any country, members of any pther i~o s disca!ir~ .... 

have to have a dead body to start with , major party usually vote as a single " < Occar.-onl th earn turns to a ~ 
are not dead yet. So the analysis of you may find as much variation as ( c i1dren, a ngry in the ghettos,; ..... 
and thank God, we, I mean humanity, block. However, here in a single party thtmare shots of black~' 
today's society can at best be a biopsy. between other major parties. And so '" demol erby, where to:l B Z'OI n S y \ Such a program today is Educational on . . . It is outside of our competence to ackground of screaming fans r TV's "The Great American Dream make any value judgement on the contestant mutters, "They don't e 

';. Machine" (shown Wednesday's and subject, but the point here is that whose blood it is as long as it's yot 
on 

_., Friday's) . America is slightly different. theirs." I 
I don 't believe any book written , or The "Dream Machine" renders a We were also treated to a olJacl 

\ any TV show or any movie has ever ~aluable ser~ice and is larg.ely free of play, "Out to Lunch, " acted in an"Vlof-
.4 • ~ successfully given an honest , Judgment, With the exceptIOn of two this world fashion by Rictlard 

.
AI mer Z C penelrating portrait of this country. To excellent commentator.s, one from the Castellano and Ann Sheridan. 1t~0ff!;' ts do this on any country is a difficult I f d f h h Th 

enough job, but to do it on Americas is e t an on~ ~om t e fig I. ey t~y .to of a brief meeting in the park n 

Sorgvn TonI 
Arts Writer 

. -' - , 
) ~, 

" ~.r"-' 

'\..\ insurmountable, if not impossible. First, show bow It IS , rather than wily It IS. an autograph hound (he is workin his 
'\-- it is 100 big. Thus it is virtually Granted, some of the reasons of " whys" fourteenth book) and an aver e girl 

( impossible to cover the entire country. are hid~en in " hows, " but it is largely up who is having average pr "ms with 
'~ond, variations are too great. Third, to the vIewers. . . . her family. While they talk ' cessantly, 

- anel' ost importantly, things don't The program IS. made of interViews, it is not a conversation th is going on; 
happe ' me rica like they do in other small plays, mUSical scenes, cartoons it is an exercise in 10 mess. Each is 
count.ries. . . and so on. In fact, this may be called a preoccupied with hj or her own 
. T~ Illustrat . ijI&.. . I think Sesame Street f~r adults. Of the .many problems, and no active listening 
~t IS ~he last POint whIch eeds talented people In the show, our vote occurs. Whata beauti~commentary on 
Illustration, espeCially fo!, Amer an goes to Mr. Efram, a brilliant, .... ~:a~e;JIqd "Th real American 
readers, tak~ a look at 1.ltcrature. ~ overweight gentleman who shows how to ,~ .. l'5'ea~ MMi~ what show! I highly 
most countTles great wTlters usua . f ' ~ke a lemon cream pi ' mon, ' "( recommend it. 
come from great cenlers (bl .... , nlJ\4iggs and no real c (avall~ ~ ,Sargun A. Tont 

\ ~ \. 
. -I" a \... ... -~ 

PlIII Triton Tl mn Flbrulry 12,1971 

POSSIBILITIES 
linist to Solo 

Symphony 
Michael Rabin will be the 

guest artist to add his 
talents to the San 

Symphony Orchestra 's 
season . The gifted 
will appear with the 
.",h".,tr~ on Feb . 25 and 26 , 

curtain, at the Civic 

this native New Yorker 
.Ir~adlv has a two-decade 

which has placed him 
the foremost violin 
"irtllcI~i of this century. Making 

at Carnegie Hall in 
has since travelled 

, miles, playing his rare 
Guarneri del Gesu in 16 

rxtensive European concert 
IlUrS in addition to South and 
Centra l America, South Africa 

Australia. Winner of a 
Foundation Grant as one 

of the 10 top U.S. concert 
artists, Rabin has given 
several command 
performances and is one of the 
busiest recitalists on the world 
scene today. 
A well-informed man with a 

wide range of interests, Rabin 
collects scale models of the 
many commercial planes in 
which he has travelled . is 
fascinated by cars and does 
most of the mechanics on his 

car , and is proud of his 
reputation as an omelette chef. 

Under the baton of Zol tan 
•. "UO""JQ', music director and 
.c!)ndIJctc)r, the Orchestra will 

with the West Coast 
emiere of Zador's 

"Orchestra Studies." Rabin 
trill play Bruch's "Scottish 

for Violin and 
Mendel ssohn 's 

Symphony No.3 " will 
tomplete the presentation. 
Tickets for the Feb. 25 and 26 

toncerts are available at the 
Civic Theatre Box Office and 
III Metro Ticket Agencies. 
Prior reservations can also 

made for pianist Gary 
.f,:,..,rl· ~,, " appearing March 11 

12 ; for guest conductor 
Watanabe on April 15 and 

16, and for the all orchestral 
and choral program on April 29 

'"and 30. 

Get Hypnotized! 
Michael Dean, the only 

hypnoti t in show business with 
a Doctor of Philosophy degree, 
will be performing at UCSD 
next Monday night at 8:30 p.m. 
Dean received his doctorate 
from Northwestern University. 
He is a popular lecturer on 
commu nications and has 
written four booklets and three 
upcoming books on the ubject. 
His act is exciting and very 
entertaining. So, if you are 
leaving for the long weekend , 
be sure to be back in time for 
his performance. Monday 
evening, 8:30 p.m. in the 
Revelle Cafeteria. - FREE 
FREE FREE FREE - The 
Residence Hall Board and 
Guest-in-Residence Committee 
are sponsors. 

Chinese Jade 
Exhibit 

A selection of Oriental 
carvings in jade from the 
collection of Dr. Chingwah Lee, 
San Francisco, is currently on 
view at the Fine Arts Gallery 
of San Diego, Balboa Park, 
through April 4th . The 
exhibition is sponsored by the 
Asiatic Arts Committee. 

Jade is always associated 
with the culture of China 
because of the great reverence 
the Chinese feel for the 
material and the symbolic 
meaning it has for them. This 
highly honored stone is called 
" Yu" in Chinese and signifies 
the virtues of chari ty, modesty. 
courage, justice and wisdom. 

The term jade refers to two 
main types of minerals : 
nephrite and jadite. ephrite is 
silicate of calcium and 
magnesium, and its variety of 
colors is caused by the iron and 
other oxides it contains. It is 
characterized by its hardness, 

File Guidelines Rectified 
Proposed guidelines that clarify Academic Senate rules 

regarding access to Senate files were released Wednesday by 
Senate Chairman Gabriel Jackson. The guidelines, proposed by 
the "Executive and Policy Committee, in consultation with the 
Committee on Rules and Jurisdiction," reaffirmed that " the 
files of all Senate committees should be open to inspection by 
any Senate member." 

"Senate files, " it states, however, " should at no time be 
phYSically removed from the Senate Office." 

The gu idelines also sta te that "In those cases where a 
Senate committee must temporarily make use of confidential 
materials, those materials should be kept separately by the 
chairman of the given committee." This provision is intended 
to prevent confusion over which files are confidential. 

These guidelines are a result of a controversy that arose 
when Sociology Professor Jack Douglas removed some files of 
the Committee on Educational Policy, keeping them over the 
Thanksgiving holiday last year. Some Senate sources indicated 
Utat some materials in these files were confidential. 

Under the guidelines. such files would no longer be kept in 
the Senate Office along with regular committee files . 

Want to see 
more news in 
the Triton Times? 
We need more 
people to report it! 
Interested writers 
please see Carl in 
the TRITON TIMES 
Off ice, Blake Hall. 

coldness and its smoothness to 
the touch. Jadite is a sodium-
aluminum silicate . Like 
nephrite, it would be pure 
white without the presence of 
iron, calcium and magne ium. 
It is tougher, more glassy and 
harder to the touch than 
nephrite . Jade is not always 
green as is very commonly 
supposed. The colors may 
range from yellow, blue, 
brown, lavender and green to 
the pure white which was 
highly valued in former times. 

The carved jade in this 
exhibition dates from the 
Shang Dynasty 0722-1122 B.C.) 
to the Ch "ing Dynasty (1644-
1912 ). It includes court 
sceptres, religious and astro-
nomical s'ymbols, incense 
burners and decora tive screens 
and vessels. 

Dr. Lee is a well known 
connoisseur, lecturer and 
student of 'Chinese culture. He 
is also an established figure in 
the film world and has written 
many articles on China and 
Chinese studies. 

The Gallery is open to the 
public from Tuesday through 
Saturday, 10 :00 a .m. to 5:00 
p.m.: Sunday. 12 :30 to 5:00 
p.m.: and closed on Monday. 

so 
submit! 
Tous 
your p'oems. 

• We prlDt 
Arts Uepl. 

Is WORLD CAMPUS AFLOAT 
":":\ " for YOU? 

It can be now, with the former 
QUEEN ELIZABETH 

, 
, 

providing more accommodations and lower rate 
( I _ The unforgettable. enormou,ly enriching experience of a \emc\tcr al \C ,I i\ 

now within the range of mo\t college \tudents. Minimum co,,, h,lve been 
reduccd a\ much." 725 (from 53575 down 10 285 0. which incl ude, 
round-I he -world pa\\age, meal~. air-conditioned acrommod,llIon, .• Ino full 
luition). A ,tudent can attcnd Wortd C'ampu\ Ano"t lor .1 \CmC\ICr .Ind \tlll 
receive credit for the work hack at hi~ home campu\ 

The ,hip i\ your cta\\room. ~I nd the world i, your 1.lboralOry ... }ou'll 
drop ant'hor in Ihe 010,1 exciting port~ of Africa . A,ia . and Latin Ame ric.1. 
li,len to a lecture on the 'tep\ of Ihc T"j Mahal, ,kin-dive ofT the COJ, t 01 
New Ze.t land . Send Ihc coupun loday for iilformalion ,Ind Jpplicalion lorm, 
for the fall ,cme\ler 1971 or ,ub,equcnl voyage, chol.lr,hip~ and fi n.lnt'I.!1 
aid avail ~lble . 

•• •• ••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
• I h rA ~ 1 HI '.n 
• 1.1 , 
• Mrs • 1.1, .. , _____ -,--,.. _____ --: 
• l ast First 
• Perma ne nt 
: Add ' e .. ---------~SI~re:-::e:-1 --------
• 

C,ly State 
Address 
At Schaol 

St-;;;;-

C,ty Sta t, 
Name at 
School 

~me Phor\e 
Z'P 

Campu~oni!' 
Z'P 

Year In S(;~ 

WORLD CAMPUS 
AFLOAT 

MA IL TODAY TO 
CHAPMAN COLLEGE. 

8 0. e C15, 
Orance. California 92666 

Interested: 0 Fall 19_ 0 January 19 Spring 19 • Summer 19 
....•.••....••••••••••••••••...•......•••.•...•••••••. ·············:1 

THERE'S 
SOMETfiING 
BREWING 
by Lord Dudley-Phipps 

King Snedley proved last 
week that it really is a 
small world . While show-
ing off his snappy new 
King Snedley watch to by-
standers in a Singapore 
bar, the good 
King glanced 
over at the 
bartender ... 
guess what 
he had on 
his wrist. 
Righ t... 
a large 
spider. 

Speaking 01 
spiders. there's 
qU ite a web 01 
Intrigue In palace 
Ci rcles concermng who sent 
all those pansies to Weakling 
Pronce Stan on hIS birthday 
Last year the Prince received 
only flower . 

*** Qllrell Lllclee rrporl; llial 
workrrs on lire /leU! Kmg ned· 
ley boUlmg Iliff kltld of IIIISS 
thrrr old ,ob, WIllie tounllg llie 
planl, lire Queen asAed t'eleran 
brewer Cllarllt' Pllflax holt' 1:<, 
liked lI'orkllfg Wltlr Ihe /lew 
boltles. Plllial re,./led. 'Oh, lhe 

botlirs tlr!' okal(, 
lIeen LII(/cr. bill 
I 511ft' like Illose 
calls r" 

While on the 
sublect of the 

new beer 
bottle , our 

spies tdl 
us there 's a 

chap In 
outhern 

Cahforn la 
who' actually 

building a 
boa t inSide 

a King Snedley' Beer bottle 
HIS Wile I ttll trying to 
fig ure out how he got In the 
boltle In the ft rsl place 

*** 
There was a "Kl:-;C lZE" 

party at the ned ley last 
wee).. and among the gue t, 
were King Olaf. King 
Frcderocl .. , King James. and 
of cour I' King Kong Loser 
of the evening wa~ Ing 
Richard who ~h(luted "MY 
KI eDOM FORAHOR E!" 
King ned lev too him up 
on It 

Well that,.(] from Hl't'-
lal1Li whICh "I 

m('~n, we " r 
hI ~ 

Lord 
Dudkv 
rhl!,!,' 

Triton Times February 12, 1971 Pi!qeJ , 



, . 

" 

. , 

It beat 
Ferrari, Porsche, Jaguar 

and Rolls Royce. 
The 1971 Capri from Lincoln-Mercury beat 

everybody. 
It was named "Import Car of the Year" for 

1971 by "Road Test" magazine. 
Here are just a few of the things they had to 

say about the Capri. 
''All of our staff had heavy exposure to the 

car during the months just passed, along with 
dozens of other imports, but despite this varied 
experience, our choice was unanimous." 

" ... in some years it's difficult to pick a single 
one that's outstanding. That was not the case this 
time." 

"Remember that theoreticaJly, Rolls Royce 
was just as much in contention for this award." 

"To find a match for the car's roadability, 
you have to compare it with something much 
more expensive such as 
a Porsche 914 or 
a Datsun 240Z." 

"Now .. ,available 
as an option the 
spanking new tOO 
horsepower, overhead-
cam four, .. and that 
extra cost isn't much . . , 
SSO surcharge for the 
optional power. What you 
get for that modest sum is 
a Capri that will do zero to 60 
mph in 11.8 seconds ... 
without sacrificing much if 
any of the 24.5 mpg economy 

served up by the standard model." 
", ,. the Capri corners like a Siamese cat on 

sandpaper." 
"The four-speed gearbox with its fully 

enclosed 'rail' shift linkage stems directly from the 
LeMans-winning GT40 Fords." 

"No car at any price except the rare few that 
are equipped with genuine ZF boxes can compare 
for shifting ease with the Capri's so-called 'rail-
linkage' in the standard four-speed box." 

" ... options include a three-speed automatic 
transmission ... " 

"Another surprising feature on a modest-cost, 
volume-produced engine (100 hp) is the use of 
twin-venturi Weber carburetion. Though prooobly 
not the same design, the six Weber 2V's used on 
. the t2-cylinder Lamborghini cost SI,800 

to replace." 
"The Capri ... represents a remarkable 

bargain ... it offers outstanding value at any 
reasonable price - say, even $2,900 in 

standard form ... would be a good 
buy with just normal handling 

characteristics." 
"There's not much 

fault that can be 
found with the 

Capri, a tangible 
that caused us 
to choose it as 

our Import Car of 
the Year for 1971." 

Unquote. 

-The Ca nder $2,500 
mfn. suggested retail price. 

See your lincoln-MercurY dealer for his price. 

.... It Triton Times Februlry 12, 1971 

Volleyball Gets Good Set 

Tri to ns ( rush (u rs 
Mike Roth 

Sports Writer 

The Tritons had little trouble in dispatching the Bulldogs of 
the Un iversity of Redlands Monday night, by a score of 73 to 62, 
at the UC San Diego Gymnasium. 

Redlands opened the game with a fast-breaking offense that 
encouraged long cross-court passes to keep up its momentum. 
Fortunately for UCSD, many of these passes fell into Triton 
hands. However. both teams were extremely cold for the first 
half; baskets were rare and the scoring pace slow. Midway 
through the half the score was tied atl2'points apiece, and with 
6:37 remaining in the half the score was still tied at 16 all . The 
low production of points was not the result of stalling tactics, 
but rather of a successful zone defense and a cold shooting 
hand , both on the part of the home team. 

In the ~ond half the scoring picked up considerably, and at 
the 10 minute mark the Tritons had opened up a 14 point lead : 
UCSD 50, Redlands 36. The only reason the Bulldogs were not 
blown off the court was the uncanny accuracy of Redlands' star 
forward Randy Orwig. Although he managed to score only 
three for the first half, his outside shooting in the final period 
enabled the Bulldogs to keep the Tritons from pulling too far 
ahead. He fini shed the game with 26 points and 10 rebounds, 
high scorer for both teams. For the last five minutes UCSD 
maintained an approximate scoring margin of 10 points, where 
they were comfortably in the lead but not hard-pressed to 
break the game wide open . 

Brian Todd led the attack with 21 points, while Steve Hoch, 
playing only his second game since recovering from an ankle 
injury, chipped in 17 poil)ts on hard drives to the basket. Also 
scoring in double figures for the Tritons were Jon Lelevier and 
Mark Wilson with 10 apiece. Mark also led both teams in 
rebounding, hauling down 15 from the boards. 

Led by the outstanding performance of Tom Bruice, the 
Junior Varsity broke their four-game losing streak by 
defeating the Cal Lutheran frosh 80 to 70 that same evening. 
The Tritons led by as much as nine points early in the second 
half, but Cal Lutheran mounted a comeback attempt and closed 
the gap to three with 8:00 remaining in the game. 

After that, however, their attack sputtered and the Tritons 
coasted into a long-awaited victory. Bruice not only 
contributed 32 points, but also pulled down 17 rebounds, leading 
the team in both catergories. Geoff Kostyshak added 16 points 
and Dan Molden and Dave Coward connected for 10 each. 
Qualls led Cal Lutheran with 19 points, while his teamates 
Jasper and Weiss followed closely behind with 17 each . 

UCSD 
Hoch 17; Todd 21 ; Wilson 10; D. Wright 6; Lelevier 10; S. 
Wright 4; Carlisle 5; total 73. 

Robert Milier 
Sports Writer 

You 've probably noticed an 
increase in the amount of 
volleyball being played around 
campus. 

Accor ding to Chuck 
Millenbah, UCSD volleyball 
coach , this rise in popularity 
can be attributed to the success 
of the UC 0 volleyba II team 
and to the availabi li ty of 
volleyball to a lot of people. 

" It's a sport you don 't have 
to be that good in. All you need 
is lime, patience, and the 
desire to develop the necessary 
fundam ental s," explained 
Millenbah. 

La st year, the UCS D 
volleyball team captu red the 
NAJA national champion hip . 
Millenbah feels that this year's 
sq uad shows much 
improvement over last year. 

"With the team I have this 
year, there is a good chance 
that we can win the national 
championship again. We can be 
one, two, or three in the AlA 
if we play well and work 
together, ' said Millenbah 
concerning the prospects for 
this yea r's team. 

The team has been 
participa ting since early 
December in a league made up 

Jock N.ws 

of several good local teams. 
Inter- collegiate league play 
begi ns this weekend at the All-
Cal tournament, which will be 
held at Santa Barbara. 

Millenbah ha s be en 
extremely pi ased with the 
team 's play so far. UCSD 
participates in District 3 and 
must capture that tournament, . 
which will be held here April 
10, in order to proceed to the 
na tional championship to be 
held April 23 and 24 in Dallas. 

Millenbah cites the athletic 
atmosphere as being low-
pre sure at UCSD, and he likes 
it. " We have a low gear 
athletic program and we should 
stick to it. rt represents UCSD 
very well. There is too much 
emphasis on winning in the 
larger schools," he said . 

Recruitm~nt of players for 
the volleyball team is non· 
existent , Millenbah 
emphasized . All of the present 
team members are walk-ons 
with the exception of one 
player from Italy with some 
previous volleyball experience, 
who is at UCSD as a foreign 
exchange student. 

The increase in volleyball 's 
populari ty is evident 
elsewhere. said Millenbah. The 

Football at UCSD 
Petitions for a football team at U.C.S.D. next year are 

presently being circulated by several supporters. For the 
possibility of a UCSD football team becoming a reality, the 
backing of the student body is needed. 

Contrary to widespread belief, a football team at UCSD 
would be run on a non-scholarship basis. Practices would be 
held in a flexible manner, with the idea that a player would 
come when he could make it. 

There are only two more weeks in which games for next year 
can be scheduled, so all petitions are required back in the P.E. 
office as soon as possible. Whether or not we play next year 
depends on getting these petitions returned. 

Anyone interested in helping to organize the details 
necessary for our football team to come into existence, see J . 
Salery, Argo 261 or call 453-8957. Petitions are also available 
for signatures in the P. E. office . 

View From The Roek 
The final showdown came 

last Sunday morning between 
the two top team s of 
intra mural basketball at 
UCSD. Battling for the honor of 
first place were Frieks Under 
Com mon Knowledge and 
Klayers Kooks. 

The Frieks, captained by 
Rocky Halfon, blitzed through 
the league, never winning a 
game by less than 40 points. 
Starting line-up for the Frieks 
fea tured Kevin Moor the 
Cuban , Dave Kater the Gringo, 
Steve Daluraye the Afro, and 
Rocky Halfon the Mexican. 

An underdog team. Klayers 
Kooks managed to scrape a 4-0 
record, never really providing 
an offensive threat. Relying to 

t extent on their 
. C<lpabiliti,es in inflicting injury, 

ma naged to cripple an 
average of three opposing 
players per game. 

When lhe final day arrived, 
fans from San Diego State were 
lining the slands and the 
Oddsmaker were giving the 
Frieks a 20 point edge over the 
Triton Times Misfits . But, an 

was in the air. SC had 
UC LA the night before, 

couldn 't the Kooks 
. Uk:ewil;.,beat the Frieks? 

Kooks were first to take 
court- Klaver, RlW'ul, 

r, Fried ... it iooked like a 
editorial board, except they 

up for the game. The 
team was fi red up . 

Friek finally came 
about five minutes late. 

Moore and Halfon had just 
finished playing in an overtime 
game for the Degenerates. But 
they weren't tired . The game in 
fact went just as the Frieks had 
planned. Their strategy of 
letting the Kooks shoot, worked 
to a tee. After five minutes the 
score was 30-5 in favor of the 
Frieks. TT managing editor, 
Mike Klayer won' t let the final 

results be printed, bu t let's just 
say that the margin was less 
than 42 and more than 38. The 
final analysis of the game was 
conclusive in only one 
respect- the Frieks showed the 
1'T Kooks that their place is 
behind a typewriter, and not on 
a basketball court. 

Lee Johnson, and his new 
idea of UCSD fun , has come up 

with another winner . 
Intramural Basketball has 
managed to entice 
approximately 46 teams and 
500 players. It has also been 
packing the gym for weeks 
now. If you have a spare 
moment it would be worth your 
time to drop by the gym for a 
taste of this fa ntastic spectator 
sport. 

Mille Kllyer Ind Jolin Ziller flcbt for reboulld II lime which rU"C-K" WOD 14·25. photo/Lavender 

addition of volleyball to the list 
of Olympic sports has greatly 
helped, but the U. S. still ha 
far to go to become a world 
power, he added. 

The interest is high enough at 
UCSD that the coed volleyball 

classes are filled to capacity 
even wilh several additional 
sessions this quarter . In 
addition , a girl 's 
intercollegiate volleyball team 
from UC 0 has recently been 
formed . 

Weed setting Big Tim- this should be a very familiar site in 
Volley Ball this year. 

STAN' DINGS 

OPEN 
Rubberband 5 0 
All Stars 4 1 
Butfakes 2 1 
Grand Canonical 2 1 
Cantanall 3 2 
BOI 1 3 
Scripps 1 4 
Abracadabra 0 6 
JW:l 
Albino Brothers 6 0 
Orcs V 5 0 
Ball Behrings 

.4 1 
Ki llers ci Death 3 1 
Yuba City Honkers 2 2 
Turkeys 2 3 
I-t>t Damn 2 4 
Superspuds 1 4 
Degspa 0 5 
UnknCM'n 0 5 
PEEWEE 
Frieks U1der C. K. 6 0 

~ill:~ '~ ~~~ Ll Phagocytes 2 2 
Heart Break 1 1 
Box Boys 1 3 
lklcle Ben 1 4 
Beau jankles o 4 
.u.i.I...Y. 
Argo II 3 0 
De Arlzri 3 1 
Abraxas 3 1 
Degene rates 4 2 
Psychology 2 2 
Nocturnal Emission 2 2 
Progerians 2 3 
Arrhythm ia 1 .4 
Medics 
~ 

0 5 

Va lenti nos Desc iples 4 0 
Mungrakers 3 1 
J. c.' s Supersta rs 

\ 
3 1 

Ball Busters 1 3 
Yummy Yami Yonies 0 0 
Plato Potters \ 0 3 Commi e M.a rtyrs 0 3 
PEE PEE 
Nefaackers ,-, 

.4 0 
Ball BelT ings 3 2 
Carrot Juice 2 2 
Orcs VI 1/ 2 2 2 
L. S. Cowboys 2 2 
Knerphs 1 3 
Yuba City J ,V.'s 0 .4 

Triton Times FebrUiry 12, 1971 Plge 1 J 



FRIDAY, 
February 12 

LECfURES-1 :15 p.m.. Lieb 
Amphitheatre : Dr. Waltar P. 
Dyck, Dr. William S. Haubrick. Dr. 
Lee Monroe. "The Exocrine 
Pancreas : Control and Clinical 
Correlation. " 

3 p.m .. 5013 BSB : Dr. M. P. 
pencer . " Micro-Emboli in 

Decompression Sickness and 
Extracorporeal Circulation." 

3 p.m .. Revelle formal lounge : 
Philo ophy colloquium. Robert 
Palter. " Perception and the 
Relativity of Motion." 

4 p.m .. 7421 2A . Mathematic 
Colloquium : Prof. G. Hochschild . 
VCB, " Lie Algebra s. Hopf 
Algebra and Algebraic Groups." 

SPORTS-basketball-8 ·p.m .. 
VCS D vs. Westmont here. 

8 p.m .. Old Cluster I Library : 
in truction in folkdancing : 9'30 
pm.. general dancing Cost : 25 
cents. 

MOVlES-7:30 p.m (fir t howl. 
SB 2722 : "World Without Sun." 

" I'm All Right. Jack ." 

INTER ATIONAL CLUB-7:3U 
p.m. . Revelle informal lounge : 

igerian Night. 
ANOMALY 
FACTORY-production of " lye" 

~very Friday and Saturday night 
at - 8: 30 p.m. 

SATURDAY, 
February 13 

REFORESTRATIO 
PROJECT-8:30 am . people are 
meeting in rey Lot to drive to 
Cleveland . ational Fore st 
refore tration project Maps 
provided Bring lunch and ' hovel 
NAT RAL HEALTH CLUB-8 
p.m., Revelle formal lounge : all 
interested in natural health are 
invited to attend. 

SPORTS- basketball. 8 p.m .. 
VCSD v . Cal Lutheran, here 

rugby. Arizona tour. Arizona 
fencing. noon . UCSD v . SDSC, 

there 
CAFE HA AM-8 p.m .. Revelle 
Informal Lounge, folkdancing and 
refreshments 
OPEN HOUSE-2 p.m .. Lincoln 
High School. 150 South 49th St. San 
Diego. ponsored by the Computer 
Jobs Through Training Program. 
For more info call 453-2000 ext. 2673 
RADIO-II a.m., KECR 193.31: a 
group of students will di cu s the 
topic of " Morality vs. Immorality" 
on " Runaway World" 

SUNDAY, 
February 14 

MEETI GS-3 :30 p.m.. Jewish 
Coali tion of San Diego. informal 
di cussion with Luba Bershat kava 
at the home of Dr A. Malin 5401 
Bahia Ln .. Mt Soledad. All invited 

8 p.m.. Jewi h Community 
Center. 4079 54th St . S. D. Madame 
Ber hatskaya will deliver an 
addre to the people of San Diego. 
All invited. call Wendy for 
information: 453-3449 238 Blake 
Hall 
LECTU RE-7 :30 p.m.. Dr . 
Stephan Hoell er. 
"Meditation-New Fad. or Wav to 
Eternal Truth?" 4569 30th St. SO: 
sponsored by The Theosophical 
Society in San Diego: for more 
information call 269-2685 
MUSIC-8 p.m .. Recital Hall . Bldg. 
409. MC. Chamber mu ic for 
Valentine's Dav 
MOV IES-7 -p.m.. S8 2722. 
Sunday Cinema : Henry King's 
"The Gunfighter." and "The 
Bravados :" Free 

UNDAY IGHT SUPPER-5:30 
p.m .. Several students who are 
intere s ted in intercu ltural 
exchange meet in local home~ to 
eat and talk . Phone xl940 for 
location 

MONDAY, 
February 15 

LECfURE-8:30 p.m. . Revelle 
Cafeteria : Dr. Michael Dean. 
world famous hypnoti t will 
perform. F. ee 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
UCSD YEARBOOK-anyone who 
ha worked on a yearbook or· would 
like to start a yearbook here. ee 
Diddo Clark . box 6.129. J-86 Muir. 
45~-R7n 

FINANCIAL AID-all application 
for financial aid for 1971-1972 mu t 
be submitted to the financial aids 
office. 250 MC. by March 15. 1971 
MU IR OPHOMOR E A D 
J NIORS-Contemporan' Is ue 
196 Workshop . a 2 unit course held 
pring quarter. i' for tho 

interested in leadIng di cussion 
ession for o ntemporarv I sues 

I next year : this cla ~ require. tbe 
consent and signature of Dr. Lola 
Schwartz. if interested go to 2105 
20 during regi tration we kend 

ARTS AND CRA FTS 
CLAS ES-Rancho Bernardo's 
Mercado: enrollment is in progress 
now. For information on cia 
times and cost call 487-2630 
WANTED-Male volunteers to 
work with Men1al Healt h 
A socia lion in San Diego on 
Sundays. 9 a.m. to 4 p.m .. Details 
from Lawrence Waddy. HL 1540. 
Ext. 1226 

Spani h peaking s tudent 
computer programmer to work as 
teacher's aide in San Y idro. Call 
453-2000 ext. 2673 
LOST- Book-"Ca lculu with 
Analytic Geometry" by Rodin Ca ll 
453-8915 
FOUND-Scottish Terrier. call 
453-8557 

Watch . Call Paulette at 755-7921 

• • • • • • • • CLASSIFIEDS 
• • • 

Pe'lonall 
EARN EXTRA MONEY 

Full or P.rt-Time Employment 
.t Any Age In. lIdles Industry. 
Thorough Tr.ining Furnished. 
for more Inform.tion or Inter-
view ClIl: 214-7800 

ROOMMATE WANTED 
Students with boWie in Del Mar 
have room for 1 female. Rent 
$65. All necessities provided. 
Call 755-3990 evenings. 

Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 
Try J.mes Automotive Service 
Americ.n .nd Foreign Clrs 
Re ... irs .nd Polution control. 
Student Discount 7741 Herschel 
II Joll. (In the re.d 459-9181 
Typing . .. Experienced 
typist. . . term Pipers, theses. 
Electric typewriter. Will do 
rush lobs. 453-6135. 

Income TIX, Feder.1 .nd St.te 
Returns Prep.r.tions Discount 
for Students, St.ff, .nd F.culty 
CI II: 453-7708 

Trouble with French? Young 
gr.d native will help you . 296-
0610 

(2/23) 

Europe Chuter Flights . 
Several Schedules round trip or 
one-way. From West CNst to 
London, Amsterd.m, Fr.nk-
fort , Coordinator : Professor 
Margaret Pili 247 Roycroft 
Ave. Long Beach 90803 -438- Europe charters. 50 DePlr-
2179. tures, .Iso from N.Y., Afric. , 
____________ - Indi., Isr .. l. 60% Off. Free 
Horoscopes- Complete ac- info : EASC, 323 N. Beverly Dr., 
curate, AstrologiCiI ch.rts with Beverly Hills, ClUf., 90210. 
interpretation S10. Progressed Phone : (213) 276-6293 
$15. Write Nickolas Sc.lese Box 
173, Del Mar. 

(2/16) 
Need a Ride to Cli Western 
Feb. 13 to t.ke LSAT ClII 454-
2181 

House for Rent. Del Mar 3 Bed-
rooms, 2 "'ths, F.mily Room. 
Clrpets, dr.pes, built-ins, un-
furnished . $325. 755-8324. 14093 
Recuerdo Dr. 

Services 
ryping-for accurate Typing on 
electric pica- term p'pers, 
theses, manuscripts etc. call 
Mrs. McCroskey 287-1607 

Find the Photo Sh.ck in L. 
Jolla .nd get your films de-
veloped well but che.ply; ne.r 
Slfew.y, ne.r Tex.co. Kod.k 
.nd Mino". elmerlS .nd .c-
cessorles . 
20 slides at Sl .19 
Super 8 movies .t $1 .19 

(2/ 193/ 5-12) 

$269 RT LA to Europe 61 16 to 
91 15 or 61 30 to 91 8 
lIrge SlYings on c.rs .nd 
chuter flights to Isr.el, 
Greece, other countries. 
Prof. BenUer UC. (213) 277-5200 
c/ 0 Sierra Travel of Beverly 
Hills 9875 Santa Monica Blvd., 
Los Angeles, 90212 

OISTINTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8888 
EUROPE: 1225-$280. Also 
ISRAEL.nd JAPAN sprlng.nd 
Summer flights .v.lllble elli 
755-3990 or write E.S.E .P. 
-UCSD 8217 Beverly Blvd., los 
Angeles, Clllf. (5/ 11) 

For Sale 
(.OSMETICS. For ' -25C Sl m. 
pies of R.nd.1 non-allergic 
Cosmetics, (m.de from fru its, 
herbs, ferns, flowers, etc. and 
no harmful chemiCAI~' send 
only Sl .00 to R.nd.1I Cosmetics 
P.O. Box 2019, L. Joll., Calif. 
State of skin is dry, norm.l, or 
combination. 
'67 VW. Excellent running 
condition. S1050., or best offer. 
ClII 453-1711.4. Chris. 

A BEifER BED! King size 
water bed. $5UG. The Water 
Hole. U8% EI Cajon Blvd. Z8O-
2611. 

65 CC It.li.n H.rley DnidsOll 
noo miles. Silver .nd Blu •. 
Rides two, wI sllnt lugglg. 
r.ck. Pirem tim. Like new 
S165. 755-1283. 

(2/ 16) 

Ford "70" Maverick CrulSl· 
m.tlc, RI H, new tires, 14,000 
miles $1750, X2750 or 272-1400. 

(2/ 16) 

THE GOLDEN OLDIE FILM SOCIET 
presents 

The February Festival 

SAT. Feb. 13 

Feb. 20 

"The Blue Angel" 
- Marlene Dietrich -

" Bell, Book, and Candle" 
James Stewart - Jack lemmon - Kim Novak 

Jiri Menzel's 
"Closely Watched Trains" 

plus Mel Brooks 
"The Critic" 

(award winning sharI) 

Page 12 Triton Times February 12 , 1971 

Place: Sumner Aud. (Scripps) 
Time: 7 p.m. 

Tickets available at Urey Hall Box Office. 
Save with a series ticket. Only $1.50. 
Good for all (3) nights. No tickets a-
vailable at the door. 

Feb. 27 
Viva Max 

Peter Ustinov, Johnathan Winters 
plus 

laurel and Hardy 
"Two Tars" 

plus 

"Pigs is Pigs" 
and 

"Be'n & Me" 

NOll YZINY!>HO 11~OHd-NO"" 


