
To Avoid Ilia Vista 

Master Pia n for Ca m pus 
Community Being Revised 

Ed Boyl. be· ed b ·t·' . 
. now Ing prepar y a CI lzens committee, 

. .Stoll. W"t.r . consisting of representatives from students, the 
. Imagine a umve.rslty fom~umty . ~s the University administration, large and small land 
lma.ge ~f Columbia Umverslty,. precariously owners in the area, the public schools, the city 
edging I~to a ghetto, come to mind? ~er~ps planning commission, and others. On campus, a 
8erk.eley s Te~egraph Avenue, now tu~mng Into Community Relations Advisory Committee, 
a string of C~1n stores, ~tches y?Ur}mage .. Or composed of student, faculty, and 
do you envlslO!! Isla YISta, a qUlck~e hOUSing administrators is preparing the University's 
project rushed Into eXistence to explOit the need position ' 
for housing by UCSB students? . . . . . 

Whatever your idea of an ideal university As stat~ I~ the .plan, the al~ ~~ .the c~eabon 
community, it is improbable that any of the of ~ tru~ umverslty communl~y In which t.he 
aforementioned places resembles it. Those Umverslty and the surroundmg commumty 
communities - if such a word can be used to comp.lement o~e anothe~ . Developme.nt of the 
descr i be them - have in common the hodge- are~ IS to be gUided by eight goals, whiCh are to 
podge character that results from development be Implem~nted through successive revision 
based on momentary interests rather than a and narrowing down of the master plan. These 
long-term plan. goals are : 

.In 1958, after it had ~n .decided that San 1. The impact of the University and the 
Diego wa.s to have a Umverslty campus on the resulting academic and emerging scientific 
Torrey Pines Mesa, the Regents demanded that environment must be fully maximized to 
a ma~te~ plan for the ar~a. ~e drawn up before create a compatible and complimentary 
negotlab?n for la.nd acqu~slbon was started. In community, not only to the University and its 
1960 the first versIOn of thiS plan was presented. environs, but to the entire San Diego 

The plan area encompasses about 11 ,000 metropolitan area as well 
acres, bounded on the north and east by . 
Sorrento Valley and Miramar Naval Air Station, 
San Clemente Canyon Park on the south, and 2. 
Gilman Drive, North Torrey Pines Road, and 
the Pacific Ocean on the west. 

FOURTH REVISION EVOLVING 

The basic functions of teaching, exploring, 
learning, living, working, shopping and 
recreation must be carried out in proper 
emphasis and be in concert with each other. 

The plan has been revised and amplified upon 3. The physi cal development of the community 
three times since then, and a fourth revision is must take advantage of the site and terrain, 

must establish identity to the University and 
its related uses , and must create 
individuality of areas throughout the 
community. 

4. A full range of housing types and price 
ranges for faculty , student, scientist, worker 
and resident in proper mix and balance must 
be provided . 

5. A balanced transportation system. linking the 
entire community to all activity areas and to 
the San Diego metropolitan area must be 
achieved. 

6. A complete range of public facilities fully 
utilizing the educational and cultural 
opportunities afforded by the University 
must be developed for all people. 

7. A total recreational system maximizing 
present physiographic features and potential 
facilities must be provided to accomodate a 
complete range of active and passive 
recreational pursuits. 

8. Physical, social and economic environments 
must be created befitting the dignity of the 
University and the magnificence of the 
physical setting of the community. 

QUALITY LEFT TO LAND DEVELOPERS 
These goals are supposed to be implemented 

both through plans which set out the intended 
uses of areas and through continual review of 
how well proposed projects fit in with the goals. 
In the final analysis, however, the plan leaves to 
the land developers the quality of the 
development that occurs in the plan area. 

The problems inherent in such a master plan 
were illustrated last quarter when the Irvine 
Company requested a change in the Irvine 
master plan, allowing for a much larger 

population. Public pressure forced the company 
to accept a smaller increase, which many, 
including Regent Norton Simon, still felt was 
unacceptable. 

According to Paul Kaufman, ASUCSD 
External Affairs Commissioner and a student 
representative on the committee preparing the 
latest plan revision, such open conflict over the 
UCSD master plan has been avoided so far. The 
plan has served to avoid some potential 
mistakes. At one time a developer proposed a 
200 acre shopping center. A study showed that it 
would be chiefly used by people outside of the 
plan area and would have no value to students. 
Also, small landowners have desired a change 
from the classification of the land beneath the 
Miramar flight path as unsuitable for 
development due to the high noise level. The 
goals expressed in the master plan have served 
to prevent such plans from being adopted. 

NO ONE EXCLUDED FROM HOUSING 
As the master plan states, a full range of 

housing types and prices should be made 
avaible, and no one should be excluded from 
them. The plan now holds that a heterogeneous 
mix of the types of housing would be preferable 
to several homogeneous sections ; however, 
Paul Kaufman is trying to insure that such a 
plan would not isolate students from one 
another. "The aim is not to have an Isla Vista 
but also not to isolate students from othe; 
students," Kaufman said . "The aim is a 
balanced community." 

A key feature of the plan is the town center, a 
densely developed area that is supposed to 
combine the civic, educational, cultural, 
recreational , and commercial functions into 
a cohesive unit related to the University in a 
complementary way. This town center is not 
supposed to be a huge Mis ion Valley type 
shopping center. Rather, it is supposed to be a 

(Continued on page 2) 

triton ti 
Volume '2, Number 11 University of California, Son Diego Tuesday, March 2, 1971 

~S-~uir ~ollege ~ote Slated ~~h~il~~~SN~~t~(aW~~W~~~~0~~m~~«~0~~~~~~mm~~ 
Carl Neiburger The AS referendum issues with Vietnam negotiated by the 

City Editor are as follows : (1 ) Whether the U. S. ational Students 
University should continue its As s 0 cia t ion a nd 
relationship with the radiation " representatives of orth and AS and Muir College will be 

holding a referendum this 
Thursday and Friday. Muir is 
asking its students to ratify 
Bylaw I, and the AS is asking 
all students to vote on four 
different questions, ranging 
from the AS budget to the war 
in Vietnam. 

laboratories at Livermore and South Vietnam." 
Los Alamos. (2) What changes Paul Kaufman , the AS 
AS should make in its Commissioner of External 
allocation ·of funds to various Affairs who, along with AS 
areas and projects . (3) Vice-President Howie Porter 
Whether AS council members organized the referendum, 
should receive stipends. (4) A explained the reasons for 
vote to ratify a "peace treaty" presenting these questions. 

Triton Times Exonerated 
By Communications Board 

UCSD's Communications Board exonorated the TRITO·N 
TIMES of charges made by Sociology Professor Jack Douglas. 
In a letter to parties concerned, dated Feb. 26, Board 
Chairman Craig Starr stated the Board's finding that there 
exists "no grounds to assume a violation of federal or state 
law, of the TRITON TIMES constitution and bylaws, or of the 
(Communications) Board's constitution and bylaws." 

The two-and"ne-half page letter first gave the board's 
opinion that nei ther the TRITON TIMES nor the writer, 
former TRITON TIMES editor Steve Landau, had committed 
libel. The article, headlined "Douglas' Access to Raw Files 
stirs Faculty Controversy," concerned a dispute over 
Academic Senate rules that occurred after Douglas removed 
some files from the Senate Office over the Thanksgiving 
holiday. 

The Communications Board noted that the article was 
"essentially factual , based on the information available." 
observing that Douglas "declined to make available a different 
version of the event" when interviewed by Landau. 

The Board also pointed out that the TRITON TIMES is also 
free of any libel charges because " the article amounted to fair 
comment and criticism on a matter of public interest. " 

" Landau made a real attempt to present a balanced story 
and . .. the article did not present the reader with any 
moralizing or editorial content," the letter added. 

(Coatiaued oa page 2) r--------.., Revelle 
Meeting 

Tomorrow 
Provo I all man will 

peak on Ihe • lale of 
Ihe Col~e" lomorrow 
al noon in Ihe Gvm. Pro-
le or are u~@ed 10 
.IIow Revelle ludenl 
hnin@ da e a l Ihal 
lime 10 be exru d wilh-
oul penall,.. 

The University's contract 
with Livermore and Los 
Alamos is coming up for 
renewal this year, Kaufman 
explained, and if students 
indicate that they favor 
discontinuance of the contract, 
" we wanted to develop a 
coordinated opposition." 

The AS is supposed to have 
its budget "open to review by 
the student body," Kaufman 

Text of AS Referen-
dum plus Pro-Con 
Arguments on Pages 
4 and 5 inside. 
said, adding, "Stipends for 
students have been questioned 
by some friends of ours." 

The National Student 
Association, according to 
Kaufman , is " trying to 
coord inate a nationwide effort 
to ratify the (NSA) peace 
treaty and then present it to 
President Nixon." 

The Muir College Council 
approved a revised set of 
bylaws at its Feb. 22 meeting. 
Bylaw I, however, was only 
tentatively approved pending 
ratification by Muir Students. 
The council is asking students 
to approve, paragraph by 
paragraph, the bylaw as 
follows : (1) Four student 
members shall be elected by 
the Muir undergraduate 
students to serve two-year 
terms, two of the students to be 
elected each spring quarter. 
(2) The fifth student member 
shall be a voting member of the 
Residents ' Council, appointed 

Cc.&Iued _ .... 1) 

:Blake Hall Residents Suffer 
Long Un(omfortable Weekend 

As a result of th e 
persevering investigation of 
Revelle Residence Hall 
Manager James Widener, 28 
missing Blake Hall toilet 
seats were recovered late 
yesterday morning. The hall 
residents, mostly girls, made 
do without the seats since 
some unknown persons , 
identified only as Argo hall 
residents, removed them 
early Friday morning . 
Witnesses observed the seats 
to be present at 3 a.m. and 
absent by 5. 

A maintenance man 
discovered the seats in the 
Revelle Fountain at 6 a.m. 
and reported them to the 
University police, a police 
spokesman ·said . The police 
turned them over to 
custodians pending discovery 
of where they came from but 
neglected to discover where 
the custodians were taking 
them. 

After franti c all y 
telephoning everyone he 
thought might have the 
pertinent information 
Widener was informed the 
seats were outside the north 
end of the Physical Plant, M 
601. A residence hall 
custodian retrieved them. 

Widener said the seats will 
be replaced by those 
responsible for their removal , 
although he would not reveal 
who these people were. 

Friday morning, two Blake 
Hall girls wrote in large chalk 
letters across Revelle Plaza, 
" Where are our toilet seats?" 
in hope of someone 
volunteering to relieve their 
dilemma . Hare Krishna 

people arrived and danced on 
the sign, but a member of 
their group denied any 
connection between them and 
the toilet seats. 

AS P resident Mike 
(" Heavy '·) Palcic 
commented with regard to 
the toilet seat theft, " It 's a 
grea t achievement. " 

Wllere'd tlley ao? Blalte Hall resldeDt TODI La ... a poaden tile 
dlsappearaace of all tile tollet leats la tile dorm lIory. Wlleta 
alked .hltt re Idetatl did ill lieu of tile eat, Ile replied "squat 
alot." .. Suite Z3I BlaIte, alrl recalled a eat dI played a art 
to active duty. TIle bootll wltll tile "objet d'art" bJltalled wa 
labeled ""alell," w.ue tile olller bootll, till lackta, a seat, 
.a.labeled "male cMlVilli.tic ..... " 



After Cllss with Ii ha.llrown , following a life pattern exactly like that 
of their parents. Many times when you 
walk into one of these situations, you're 
confronted by quite a domestic scene. 
The girl is cooking or ironing, and the 
guy is sitting there stoned. The girls are · 
more aggressive. One of the chief 
complaints you hear from them is that 
they 're not getting enough sex." 

Prof Talks on Sex and Drugs 
per cent of the city's high school 
students. 

Once a week UCSD borrows Dr. 
Brown from Cal State Fullerton to teach 
the Political Science sequence here, I()' 
11-12. Chain·smoking True cigarettes 
and chewing gum, he di scusses such 
topics as the charisma of Hitler and the 
decline of Kiwanis Clubs . Tall , blonde 
and lean , he walks with a limp as he 
lectures every Thursday night in USB 
2722. Rumor has it among several of the 
girls in the class that the limp is a result 
of a leg injury incurred while skiing. 

While Dr. Brown did not conduct a 
formal study on the diversions of UCSD 
students, he mentioned after class last 
Thursday that "drug use is tapering off 
at UCSD. Sure, the older students are 
getting stoned as much as ever, but the 
new students are taking it less. " 

In discussing the resul ts of his study 
at the Fullerton high schools Dr . Brown 
commented, "Most of the fear of drug 
use leading to lower grades ' is 
unconfirmed. There's comparatively 
less experimentation. While there is a 
general decline of drug use in the high 
schools, there remains a "hardcore 
group of drug users, who got into it 
because of their friends , and they can 't 
stop drugs , without losing their 
friends ." 

The use of drugs is on the decline and 
in many cases is being rep~ced by 
group sex , according to Dr. Michael 
Brown in a recent LOS ANGELES 
TIMES article. These conclusions are 
the result of a three·year study of the 
seven high schools of the Fullerton 
district. Questionnaires were given to 10 

As for the pastimes replacing drug use 
here : "There 's a decline in everything, 
they're just apathetic." 

Speaking of trends on this campus he 
noted, " Last year, everyone on this 
campus had their dog; this year, 
everyone has their chick ." 

"People involved in these live·in 
situations think they 're great non· 
conformists, but in truth they 're 

Dr. Brown stated that the LOS 
ANGELES TIMES was mistaken in 
reporting him as saying that young 
people were all turning from drugs to 
group sex, but " there were instances 
uncovered of high school ·swingers '." 
Commenting on the change from drug 
use to group sex Brown commented 
that , "it's not surprising, it's very 
congruent with basic drug use, it 's 
lethargic, it 's passive, non·committal, 
non·involving. It is sensual." 

Dr. Brown pointed out that in " the 
17th and 18th centuries only aristocrats 
could afford sensual pleasures," but 
now almost everyone has the time and 
money to do so. 

Referendum ••• 
(Coatinued from page 1) 

by that council each fall to 
serve on the College Council 
and the Rp.sident's council for 
one year. (3) In the period 
between the beginning of the 
fall quarter and the 
appointment of the Residents' 
Council member, the Resident 
Dean shall appoint an interim 
member to assure continuity. 
(4) The sixth student member 
shall be elected by the Muir 
undergraduate students each 
spring to serve as the Muir 
College Representative of the 
Associate Students, UCSD, and 
on the Muir College Council for 
one year. (5) In the event of a 
vacancy in the studen t 
membership, a replacement 
shall be nominated by the 
Student Manpower Committee 
and appointed by the Council to 
serve out the remainder of the 
unfinished term. 

University land .... 
(CODtinued from page 1) 

life style center for the community. Paul 
explains, " Il should be a place where one can 
work , live, learn, and enjoy oneself, all at 
once." 

The plan proposes that the density of the 
community increase as one proceeds towards 
the University and the town center. A person 
should sense an increase in activity when 
approaching the center of the community . It is 
presently proposed that 30 per cent of the total 
floor area of the town center be devoted to 
residential use, so that the center would be 
active throughout the da y. 

The presently proposed site of the town center 
is on an elevated area easterly of the campus. 
Mary Manaster and Judith Munk have proposed 
another site about 1000 yards further east. 
According to Paul Kaufman, both plans have 
advantages, and drawbacks and the final site is 
yet to be determined. 

The plan cannot ignore the automobile, but it 
tries to minimize its influence. The plan 
proposes that there be bicycle lanes throughout 
the community. It also proposes that small 
convenience centers, serving restricted areas 
be designed so that they will cater mainly to 
pedestrian and cycle trade, and not gradually 
evolve into the typical auto oriented center or 
commercial strip. A public transportation 
system is also seen as essential. 

The degree to which the area is developed is 
closely tied to the growth of the University. 
Should the University reach a plateau of 10,000, 
a smaller community will be generated than if 
it should reach the 27 ,500 level. 

MORE PLANNING NEEDED 
"By no means is work on this plan finished ," 

according to Paul Kaufman. " More planning 
and implementation is needed." He goes on to 
point out that with each revision of the master 
plan, more specifics are added and flexibility is 
lost. Thus the decisions made now are crucial to 
the future of the community. The Campus 
Community Relations Advisory Committee is 
attempting to plan and take action on the course 
of the university community rather than just 
react to the developers. Students have 
representation on this committee, but few are 
aware enough of the nature of the decisions 
being made to determine the adequacy of this 
representation. 

There is often a lack of student interest and 
knowledge about the planning being done 
concerning the University community, perhaps 
partly because few of today's students will be 
around when the plans come tofruilion. But, 
according to Paul Kaulman, student interest is 
"absolutely essential , or there will not be a 
compatible university community; the 
community will not relate to the University. It 
would then be like so many other university 
environments and fail to serve the needs of the 
University community." 

Student Trjgls 

Phil Ochs to Sing Here Thursday 
Folksinger Phil Ochs, whose songs express the hopes and 

disappointments of the sixties generation as poignantly as 
Baez or Dylan, will give a concert here Thursday night as a 
benefit for the Committee to Free Political Prisoners. 

Dehs, whose protest songs provided emotional impetus for 
the early anti-war movement in America, has made several 
albums, considered "classics" in the folk vein, on Electra 
during the last decade. His words, 
" Always the old who lead us to the wars 
Always the young who fall," 
from the song, " I Ain't Marchin ' Anymore," were paraphrased 
by a U. S. Senatdr in a recent Congressional debate on the war. 

Other songs he is noted lor are "Outside a Small Circle of 
Friends," a parody on apathy, "Too Many Martyrs," a 
haunting comment on the wave of assassinations which beset 
America and "What's That I Hear, "which is kind of a "Star· 
Spangled Banner" for the peace generation. 

Oehs will perform, guitar in hand , in the Revelle Cafeteria 
Thursday night . Admission will be one dollar . 

UCSD In Public Relations Top Ten 
The use of television and radio by UCSD to win 

understanding and support for the campus has been selected by 
the editors of Public RelatioDs News, , New York, as one of the 
"ten most outstanding public relations programs" published 
during 1970. 

The program, organized and directed by Mrs. Ardys Heise, 
former television and radio coordinator for the UCSD Public 
Affairs Office, was outlined as a case study in the April 6, 1970 
edition of the Public Relatloas News, an international public 
relations weekly newsletter . The program will pow be included 
in a portfolio of "Outstanding PR Programs of the Year," 
published by the editors of the newsletter. 

The special television and radio project was planned in 1969 
to help win public support for the campus during a time when 
student demonstrations and unrest had brought public feelings 
toward college and university campuses to a low ebb. 

The Public Affairs Office launched a campaign to expose the 
positive side of the university to the public via radio and 
television. Throughout the year more than 300 television and 
radio shows featuring ca mpus programs and UCSD faculty and 
staff were offered to and presented over local , regional and 
national media. 

Communications Board ... 
(Continued from page 1) 

When asked about the board 's decision, Douglas told the 
TRITON TIMES, "[think it shows a complete failure to get at 
the facts." He said the case indicated "completely inadequate 
control of student publications at UCSD." 

While Douglas indica ted he has no specific plans for pursuing 
the matter, he said, "We shall see what is really effective and 
we shall do it. " He added, with respect to undisclosed sources 
cited by the TRITON TIMES, "We must root out people who 
slander their fellow faculty members." He said the word "we" 
included "everybody who wants to help achieve justice and the 
facts . " 

Jannett Klinke and Diddo 
Clark released a statement 
describing "the philosophy of 
the new bylaws." The first 
paragraph of the bylaws 
states , " would insure 
continuity within the Council. " 
It also said that the members 
linking the Council to AS and 
the Residents' Council would 
be "very valuable for 
communication" with these 
organizations. 

Costen, Hirst Get 90 Day Jail Terms 
The AS will establish tables 

at Revelle , Muir, and Third 
Colleges, where students may 
vote on both referendums. 

triton tI mes 
FEEDBACK SESSION 

ednesday, March 3rd at 8 p.m. 
in the Informal Lounge 

"We want to know what you think 
about your paper." 

sponsored by the Guest·in·Res idence Committee 

Page 2 Triton Times March 2,1971 

Frank Phillips 
Slall Writer 

Former UCSD students Jim Hirst and Bruce Coston were 
sentenced on Friday to 90 days in county jail after having been 
convicted last month on charges arising from last Spring's 
campus protests. 

The two convicted students received the stiffest sentences so 
far in the numerous criminal cases which resulted from 
incidents occurring during protests of the firing of Angela 
Dav is as an assistant professor at UCLA , the American 
invasion of Cambodia , and Defense Department funding of 
University research. Hirst and Coston are the only defendants 
to be sentenced to jail terms, apparently because their 
convictions include one count each of battery, a crime of 
personal violence, while the other students have been 
convicted only of trespass or interfering with police. 

Hirst , now a San Diego City College student , was convicted 
of battery on campus police officer Conrad Grayson. A charge 
of interfering with a public officer in the performance of his 
duties was dropped at the sentencing hearing. In imposing 
sentence of ninety days in jail with one day suspended, Judge 
Charles Snell rejected a probation report recommending five 
days in jail or a $150.00 fine . The one day suspension, which is 
for a period of one year, provides that if the defendant should 
commit a crime during the year, the same court will retain 
jurisdiction over his case. In answer to a TRITON TIMES 
inquiry, Judge Snell 's clerk said the Judge would not want to 
comment on why he rejected the probation report. 

Coston was convicted on three counts, drawing thirty days in 
jail for each count, with one day suspended for each count. He 
was convicted in his joint trial with Hirst , of battery on Revelle 
College Dean Tom Hull , interfering with a public official in the 
performance of his duties , and wearing a mask in the 
commission of a crime for the purpose of evading 
identification, oston 's probation report recommend d a 

$150.00 line. AI\ of the incidents in the cases of Hirst and Coston 
occurred during sit·ins that protested Defense Department 
funding of University research. 

On the eve of sentencing, Students for a Democratic Society 
distributed an "Open Letter to Chancellor York . Dean Murphy, 
and appropriate me'Tlbers of the UCSD Administration," 
protesting al\eged administration interference in the cases of 
Hirst and Coston. The letter, which-is reprinted elsewhere in 
this issue, charges that the " UCSD administration has been 
virtually dictating the disposition of the trials of the students 
arrested last spring." The letter contained a "demand " that 
the UCSD administration arrange probation for Hirst and 
Coston. In earlier cases involving trespass convictions, 
students were given probation for periods of one and two years, 
rather than jail sentences or fines. 

Vice-Chancellor George Murphy said the charges made in 
the SDS letter were "simply not true." Murphy said that the 
administration could not "dictate the disposition of the cases 
even if we wanted to ." The Vice·Chancellor said it has been the 
policy of the University to actively seek probation for those 
persons charged with trespass. In the cases of those persons 
charged with "crimes of violence it has been the policy of the 
University to take no position." 

As for the SDS charge that Murphy requested a two month 
jail sentence for Hirst and Coston, Murphy said it was not true 
and that he had not made any request with respect to those two 
defendants. All attorneys connected with the case confirmed 
Murphy 's statement. Murphy pointed out that the SDS letter 
charged that Hirst and Coston were convicted on felony 
charges, which is not true. 

San Diego Attorney Charles Bumer ha prepared petitions 
for appeal bonds for Hirst and Coston. If granted, Hirst and 
Coston will be free , pending appeal to a higher court of their 
convictions. The only tudent remaining to be tried for 
incidents occurring last year is former campus SDS leader 
Byron King. He is charged with trespas and interfering with 
police. 

:~::::::~:~:::::::~:::::::::::::::~::; ::.;:;:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::.:::::.:.:.:.:.:::;:::::::::::::;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::~::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;::::::::: triton tiDles :;o..nlelldeAdmini, t .. tion ~ ""':";::~=;:-37"'" I Student Trials I 
17141 453-2000, ext. 1016, Advertising ext. 1017 . . '.' 

Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager :l1: Jon Berman & Mary Taub :1~: 
. . . .. :~:; Tomorrow morning Jim Hirst and. Bruce sexism on this campus, and in support of labor 's ;:~; 

The edllorlals axpressed below ora appro"ed by the TIlTON TIMES Ed't~1 Board. ~" other opInlOnl ::::Coston will be sentenced in San Diego struggles for more decent living conditions, Jim:::: 
expressed on IhlS pap are It- of the author. w"-e name. appear In the byline., and do FIOI :.'. ., ... . h 'l h d th .:.: 

il · .. ··t ... · · .I. IL • TilTON TIMES .. de .. I b 'I t ' II be bl' L...I ' .. :·Mumclpal Court for convICtions arising from and Bruce ave necessarJ y a to oppose e·.·. necellar y r...... ' ... " .. ws... ... . .. nyone IIIlng 0 W ml ma afla 0 pu II ...... In .... . . . t t f th . I' I' I Th' :.'. Ihis section should .nd il I. the Edilorlal Direclor, TIlTON TIMES, "7I1ake Hall, UCSO. :::;Iast year's struggle ~galnst war research on thiS ~n eres s 0 .e caP.lta 1st ru mg c ass: IS:::: 
::::campus, and the flnng of Angela DaVIS. As Includes the big busmessmen who profit from:::: 
::::members and supporters of SDS, we demand this rotten system and who are able to use their;:;: 
;:::that the administration arrange a summary tremendous economic power to maintain:::: 
:::;probation for Jim and Bruce, similar to that effective control over the government (the:::: 
::::recenlly received by other UCSD students. courts, the police), the media, and, yes, even:::; 
:::: SDS, along with countless other students, "our" University. This group (as represented:::: 

Dear Editor-Successful 
A measure of success for the 

TRITON TIMES this quarter has been 
the almost perpetual backlog of letters -
to·the·editor and articles af opinion 
which have been submitted to us . This 
success has made it necessary, how· 
ever, to lay down a more str'ict policy, 
especially with regard to letters. 

;:::realizes that Jim and Bruce were hit with these by the Regents ) and those ultimately:::: 
potential contributor to expand it and :~:;charges , not because of acts they may o~ .may responsible to them (the a.dministratio~ ) have:~:~ 
present It as such. Opinion articles :: : nothave .commltted , b~tbecaus~oflhemllItant feltthreatened. enoughbyJlma~dBruceswork::: 
should be between two and four pages :::Iead~rshlp they provided durmg those and to now try carting them off to Jail. ::: 
in length and typewritten If possible :::preVlous struggles on campus and throughout Jus~ as they have not let these efforts go ::: 
(d bl d I tt I i ) A t · I :;:the city. unnoticed, so we Will not let thiS attack on SDS, ::: ou e space ,60· e er ne . ~ IC .es ::: We know that the UCSD administration has and the entire radical movement go::: c~n be longer but. tne Edltor.lal :::been virtually dicta ting the disposition of the unanswered. Again we demand that a summary::: Dlr~~tor should be given some prior :;:trials of the students arrested last spring. A probation f?r. Jim ~nd Bruce be arra~ged , and:::: 
notification. . . . . .. :::Iawyer for one defendant has informed us that that administratIOn attacks agamst all .::; 

When wntlng opInion .I t IS o.ften :::Dean Murphy, while agreeing on a dealfor other segments of the movement cease at once. ;::: Thp. main reason for this Is the 
limited space available. We must now 
ask that letters be restricted to ap· 
proximately JSO words (one and a half 
pages, double:spaced, 60 letter .lIne). 
We admit that the Editorial Director 
can't count and doesn't intend to learn 
in order to enforce this pol icy; so every 
letter \~iII be evaluated on what' it 
expresses, not Its size: But the con-
tributor obviously . will increase " the 
chance of having his letter printe(by 
staying within these bounds. 

necessary to refer to a prevIous artIcle. :::students specifically requested a two-month Further attempts at intimidation and:::: 
And . ~cause some stUdents, faculty, ~:~jail sent~nce for Jim and Bruce (the request of suppression will succeed only in exposing to:::: 
administrators, etc. have become such :::course was agreed to ). The UCSD more and more people the true nature of a:::: 
"personalities," expressiri!J one's :::administration is responsible for their arrests SOCiety whose survival depends on the:::: 
views is often synonamous with a :::and is accountable for what happens to them in oppression of the many by a handful of:::: 
point-by.point refutation of another :~:court tomorrow. pa~asites , and. increase our determination to;::; 
individual's . However there should be :.: As members of SDS Jim and Bruce have bnng down thiS society once and for al1 , and,::: 
an attempt to make ~pinion take the :~:worked hard to forg~ a militant alliance build a society free of all exploitation and;::; 
form of a positive alternative which :::between radical students, .working ~ple and oppression. :~:; 
stands on its own merits. :::others oppressed by the capitalIst SOCial order. :::: 

At this time we will reaffirm the ::: In campaigns against war research and :::: 
lie that makes it mandator for the :::ROTC, against institutionalized racism and STUDENTS FOR A DEMOCRATIC SOCIETY ;::: 

From experience we have found that 
" Iengthy" letters are usually those 
whieh critlclzti or find fault with 
previous editorials, opinions, and news 
coverage in the TRITON TIMES. We 
encourage critical letters but they 
should be brief and to the Point. They 
should bring to light factual errors, 
misstatements, where "facts" nave 
led to erroneous conclusions, etc . 

~thJr's name to appear withYa letter :.::::;:;:::::;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:::::;:;:;:;:::::::;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:::;:;:::;:;:::::::::;:;:;:;:::;:;:;:;:;:::;:;:::;:;:::=:::;:::;:;:::;:::::;:;:;:;:::::;:;:::;:;:::;:;:::::::::::;:::;:::;:;:::::;:::.:::;:::;:;::-; 
or article . This adds to our credibility 
(we really don't make these things up 
ourselves) and we feel our readers are 
entitled to know who is saying what. 
We will accept group titles as long as 
an individual author is also indicated 
(written for SMC by Joe Smith). 

We find, however, that letter writers 
often go into too much detail and try to 
express an alternative to prevl.ously 
expressed opinions and editorials. This 
is really the sublect for an opinion 
article and we encouraged the 

Finally, like everyone else we have 
deadlines . For the Friday issue it is 
Wednesday at noon and for . the 
Tuesday issue it is Friday at noon. 
However, space has usually been allo· 
cated by this time. Unless prior 
notification has been given, one should 
plan on submitting his letter or article 
before these deadlines. 

triton till1.es 
NeWI Ooparlm.nl 
Rose O. Co.lo 

,,",Iography 
Jan Fronek 

Rod Lorang 
Robert Miller 

Editor-in-Chief .. Haywood Gammon 

Contributor. 
Ste •• Landau 
Jim Sill . 
Artl Departmont 
Tom Beer 

Ma" Hinlan 
Aciotortitini 
Departm.nl 
Mark Trilling 
SUlOn Cades 
Molly Solvin 

Cily Edilor ..... .. . Carl Neibu rger John Zoller 
Managing Editor ...... Mike K laye r Ed Boyl. 

Juliana Cinque 
Bobbi. Fink 

Joy Gille"e 
Lorry Johnson 
Sorgun Tont Copy Edilor ....... Chu ck Graham 

Business Manager ....... Jerr Fried Bruce Morden 
Fronk Phillip. 

Ken Bornes 
Edi lorial Direclor . . Raoul Con treras 
As !)ciate City Edilor . .. Owen Joyner Cliff Po.1 Kolhy Ru.t 

Corrie Rickey 
"rtish 
Sorah McKonno 

Secretariol StaH 
St ... Cahon 

fs.arboro Simon 
Jeff Graham 

Molly Se lvin Allan Sokula Shoila Calhoun 
Copy lleparlmO"1 
Dobbi. Montgomery 
Glono Schroel .. 

Arls Editor ...... ..• Terr) Barak Dan GrHn. George SOloni A .. ' I Manaling Ed. 
Joe Eostern Mike Rober" Poul Tlynier 

Sporls Edilor ....... Rook y Halfon 
Photography Editor .. . . John Zaller 

Ra ncy Breece Comy Shoric~ 
"oduclion 
Oo.e Buchbinder 

Tho lIlION TIMES i. officially recogniled and .upporled a. a .tudenl nowspoper by Ih, Communicalion. Boo rd 
01 tho Uni .. "ity of Colifornia, San Diego, Bu ilding 250, Mo""ow. Compu., La Jolla. California 92037. Publication 
is twice wMkly on Tuesday. and Friday •. Offic •• are localod in room 117, 81ok. Hall . on Ihe Rovello Campu •. For 
Ad.trliling phon. 453· 2000. X 1017, for .dilo riol or n,w, phone Xl016. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
Mary Avery 
Editor: 

Ten days ago, southern 
California suffered a quake. 
The damage and loss to life and 
property was great. It was a 
visible phenomenon whose 
consequences were clearly and 
immediately evident to all . 

II appears that Muir College 
is currently experiencing a 
private upheaval of its own. 
The news OIat Mary Avery may 
saoI' be lost to the Muir student 
body left me shoded , 
dismayed and unbelieving. 

On my arrival at Muir as a 
transfer student in September 
of 1969 , with all the 
uncertainties and anxieties 
a ttendant to a new 
environment, it was Mary 
Avery with her quiet efficiency 

coupled with human warmth, 
who helped me to feel part of 
the " Muir family ." 

I felt , and feel , that she is a 
friend in the Administration. 
There are not many of whom 
one may honestly say as much. 
She has that rare talent of 
gaining the complete 
confidence of the student. She 
has this capability, I believe, 
because dedication to her task 
is beyond question. 

In any institution or group of 
which we find ourselves a part 
in life's different situations, 
there is always one individual 
who to us epitomizes that 
entity . To me, Mary Avery is 
that individual at Muir College: 
a friendly place to study , learn 
and grow. 

I would like to add my voice 
to the many others, Dr. 

Stewart, who sincerely request 
that you reconsider your 
decision in this matter. The 
loss of Mary Avery 'may not 
have the visible consequences 
of a physical upheaval , but it 
would mean the los:; of a 
dependable friend , deeply felt 
by many of us. 

Pearl L. Drankow 
Lit. Undergraduate 

Bain: A Hypocrite 
Edilor: 

Mr. Bain II 's recent article 
"Render unto Cesar? Si!" 
contends that one should lOt be 
paid by the amount or quality 
of one's work but by the time 
one spends attempting such 
work. Since time is his only 
criterion, quantity and quality 
being irrelevant, one should 

McKinnon Report Erroneous 
Gabriel Jackson 

Academic Senate Chairman 
In his editorial broadcast Feb. 15, (Radio 

KSON), Mr. McKinnon made two very serious 
charges against the Academic Senate of UCSD. 
As the elected Chairman of that Senate I would 
like to answer these charges. The first 
accusation states that the Academic Senate 
considers the funding of research by military 
agencies to be immoral. The second accusation 
states that at the Senate meeting only 100 
members of a faculty numbering 471 showed up. 

Mr. McKinnon was presumably referring to 
the report of the Committee on Research 
Supported by the Military, and to the resolutions 
passed Jan. 26 by the assembled faculty. That 
report deplored the fact that research funds 
supplied by all outside agencies are tied to 
specific missions, in short that the scientist is 
told in advance exactly what his research is 
supposed to discover or prove. 

The report goes out of its way to state t hat 
this difficulty is often greater with non·military 
agencies than it is with the military. In any 
case, absolutely nothing in the report or the 
resolutions states in any way whatsoever that 
research funded by the military is considered 
immoral by the UCSD faculty . Could it be that 
Mr. McKinnon reported what he thinks the 
faculty believes rather than what the faculty 
actually stated in a report based on seven 
months of intensive interviewing among the 
faculty themselves? 

With regard to Mr. McKinnon's second 
charge, all !-aculty have the right to attend , 
speak, and vote at Senate meetings. The work of 
the Senate is very time-consuming, and there is 

no pay for such work. I believe tha t every honest 
observer of the democratic process knows that 
only a small proportion of the people participate 
on a continuing basis in political decisions. 
Often less than one·quarter of our paid 
Congressmen and Senators appear on the floor 
of Congress. 

In the light of these facts , no reasonable 
person should be surprised that only 100 faculty 
members out of 471 were present at the 
meeting. Moreover, if even a small group of 
those 100 had felt that the vote on the resolutions 
was not truly representative of faculty opinion, 
they could have called for a mail ballot. The fact 
that they did not do so indicates their 
assumption that overall faculty opinion must 
have been quite close to that of the 100 members 
present. 

However, I do not wish simply to defend the 
faculty against Mr. McKinnon 's erroneous 
report . I would like to emphasize the positive. 
Professors are just as patriotic, and just as 
concerned with human welfare and with current 
financial difficulties as are the general run of 
taxpayers. They know from experience that the 
best results in scientific research come from an 
unfettered search for the truth. In their opinion 
the restrictions of mission-oriented research 
often wastes the taxpayers ' money. It is for this 
reason and not for any political or ideological 
purpose that the faculty asks that research 
funding in the futurf> be oriented more towards 
basic research and less towards specific 
missions. 

expect Mr. Bain to praise a 
man not for his successes, but 
on the amount of time spent 
trying; not on his ability to land 
a man safely on the moon, but 
on the amount of time tryi ng to 
put him there. If all the space 
had been miserable failures, 
one still might be comforted by 
Joe S. Bain II applauding the 
amount of time expended. 

Mr. Bain continues with a 
short discussion of " those 
Chicanos (who are ) too 
individualistically seUish to 
recognize the benefit which the 
UFWOC would bring to the 
majority of families". I can 
hear Mr. Bain's altruistic little 
heart jump for joy every time a 
G.I. looses his life for "the 
benefit of the majority." 

You ask if self·interest and 
self-preservation (to you , 

egotistic corruption) is 
pr efera bl e to the 
"comparatively mild " 
corruption·by·a sociation of 
Chavez. This association of 
Chavez requires that one 
become a selfless member of 
the union- the union which will 
blacklist one who dares 
disagree ; the union which will 
blacklist one who quits without 
a "satisfactory" answer ; the 
union which will blacklist 
anyone who wants to work , but 
refuses to join the union. Thi 
blackli t ,does not just involve 
that one particular farm , but 
all farms of al\ kinds that have 
joined the league of Cesar 
Chavez. The an wer to your 
question' for any rational 
person would have to be, "Yes, 
s If·preservation is preferable 
to self-d struction." 

You , Mr. Bain, are a 
hypocrite, for if you truly 
followed your principles of 
altruistic thought, you would be 
dead. Craig Griffin 

Mike Roberts 
Bill Stodda rd 

I DidrJ 'f Do It! 
Editor : 

I didn t write the letter, 
"Reply t(' Cesar" , published 
ov r my signiture in the Feb. 23 
eilluon 01 ~h '1tU 1 UN IIMJo:S. 
Will the person u ing my name 
meet me at midnight in I'lt of 
the Physics-Chemislry building 
for a duel with laser beam ? 

JOB D. Gaffty Jr. 
PIty lea Dept. 

March 2, 1971 Triton Times Pige 3 



- - - .~ -. .. ' . - --

A.S. Referendum 
Editorial Statement AS Statement .. _ .... . ...... . ................................ . 

:~: The text of the AS referendum to be held this Thursday and Friday, ::: 4. This r~ferendum will be ~n~que in t?e fact th~t pro and con ar~uments ::: 
::: along with the pro and con arguments for each resolution, is presented on ::: con~ern,"g the refere~dum s ISSU~S WIll be pubh~hed beforehand In o~de,:::: 
::: these pages. The pro and con arguments are being published to give ::: to gIve the students time to conSIder the questto~s . AS ~epresentatlves .::: 
::: students an opportunity to give deeper thought to these questions be/ore ::: urge the students to vote because they feel the Issues In question are ;::: 
::: voting . ::: important. :::: 

~:::,:;;::""#'i'''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''',.''''''''''''""''''''''''''m'''' '~a~i{~~:§r''·''·:<·:<·'~:~~::::::~··'''· 
Tbe University of California operates two atomic researcb laboratories at Los 

Alamos and Livermore. 
Do you favor 

a ) Tbe severance 
or 

b) Tbe continuation 
of tbe University of California 's relationship with the labs? 

History Background 

The University of California operates two 
atomic research laboratories. According to 
the Zinner Report (from which the following 
quotes are taken ), 80 per cent of the research 
done at Los Alamos and 65 per cent of the 
research done at Livermore involves atomic 
weapons. Under AEC policy, the University 
cannot redirect this research into peaceful 
uses of atomic energy. In fact, these labs 
"bear the total national responsibility for 
developing new nuclea r and thermonuclear 

explosiv~s in response to the requirements of 
the Department of Defense." 

Moreover , " this does not mean that 
individual scientists in the laboratories do not 
initiate ideas and that the laboratories do not 
set forth new concepts affecting weaponry. On 
the contrary, some of the besl talent in the 
laboratories is devoted to the creative 
development of new weapons." In addition , 
" the share of classified work in the two 
laboratories is in excess of 50 percent of their 
total effort" with ' ·securi ty clearance a 
necessary condition of employment. " 

At the present, "administrative interaction 
he tween the laboratories and the University is 
barely discernible" and " interaction between 
the laboratories and the academic community 

. of the University is only slightly more 
extensive:' Finally, the benefit accuring to 
the University are nominal ; about three 
million dollars a year. 

Resolution #2 
ASUCSD Budgetary Policy : 

Pro Argumen t 
for Question # I 

"First , the relationship of the work of these 
laboratories to the teaching program of the 
University is minimal and peripheral. The 
University possesses on its campuses 
facilities and faculty more than sufficient to 
absorb the small number of students 
associated with these laboratories. 

·'Much of the work done at these 
laboratories is subject to securit y 
classification, a situation inimical to the free 
exchange of ideas and information 
characteristic of a university. 

"Many of the research projects carri ed out 
in these laboratories could certainly qualify as 
the kind of basic and applied research 
appropriate to a university." " However, tbe 
basic function, the reason for tbe existence of 
these laboratories, remains what it always has 
been- the design, devolopment and testing of 
nuclear weapons. Even if one puts out of mind 
the uses of these devices, to a large extent the 
kind of work is more nearly that of the 
research division of a manufacturing 
corporation than that of a university. A 
considerable distortion of the term 'research ' 
is necessary in order to apply it to the redesign 
of a nuclear warhead to be compatible with a 
new type of missile .'· 

To perform its proper fu nction, a 
.. University must remain sufficiently free 
from external pressures , and its involvement 
with society must not be imposed from the 
outside" but rather " the impetus for it must 
be generated from within." " Finally, this 
criterion , that appropriate University 
activities be internally generated and 
controlled , is not fulfill ed. Tbe development of 
weapons is ultimately under tbe direclion of 
tbe military branches of government." 

ASUCSD has a total hudget of approximately $76,500. Please indicate your 
preference for allocation by marking the appropriate box below : 

present inappropriate relationship, to an ap- The subject of the University 's relations 
propriate one. The only reason the present with Livermore and Los Alamos was 
relationship with the laboratories has been extensively and exhaustively investigated by a 
tolerable, in spite of the inconsistencies bet- state-wide faculty committee over the last 
ween their work and the proper tasks of a year . The result of this study was the Zinner 
university, is that the laboratories interact Report. The Zinner Report recommended a 
very little with the campuses of the University. continuation with modifications , of the 
Integration of the laboratories into the University relationship with the labs. It was 
University system, as proposed in the majority felt that a University withdrawal from the 
report, would only make manifest how inap- labs would put them entirely under the control 
propriate their activities are. The changes and influence of the military. The humanizing 
proposed would do little to alter the basic effect of broadly·educated University 
function of the laboratories - the development scienlists would be lost. It was emphasized 
of nuclear weapons under the direction or that research at Los Alamos and Livermore 
control of the military forces. would continue witb or witbout the University ; 

These agencies will still require that this better to have that knowledge available to 
military work remain secret , and University scientists, and to exercise a 
investigations of the political beliefs of those humanizing influence . The state·wide 
working in the laboratories will continue. University faculty voted on whether to accept 
Much of the work of the laboratories will the Zinner Report, and thus continue the 
continue to have little interaction with the relationship with some modifications. The 
educational functions ofthe University." vote was 2,279 to 1,712 in favor of continuing 

We should recognize that at the present time the University relationship with Livermore 
operation of laboratories such as these is an and Los Alamos. 
anomaly that can be removed without It's easy to say you 're against A-~mbs , but 
significant dislocation of legitimate far more difficult to see what the practical 
University activities , and that we should take consequences of such an action will be. 
the opportunity to do so. 

Resolution #3 
Sbould members of tbe AS Council receive stipents? (yes, no, abstain) 

History Background 
To the $900 stipend and $450 stipend already 

received by the President and Vice-President , 
respectively, the Council allocateq an 
additional $3,000 for stipends to pay the other 
nine commissioner . 

Pro Argument 

for Questions #2, #3 
A Council action or expend iture is justified 

if it demonstrably better realizes the goals and 
objectives of the student body ; this criterion 
should apply to stipends as well . The election 

of an individual to an AS office must be 
interpreted as approval of his platform and'a 
mandate for hi s implementing it , including, of 
course, all the necessary preparation, activity 
and hard work requiSite to carrying it out. If 
his constituency later becomes dissatisfi ed 
with his performance or ideas, they are free to 
recall him ; otherwise, his effort in 
participating in govern ment and the 
completing of his term of offi ce must be 
accepted as an indication of his personal 
competence and the desirability of the job he 
is doing; in short, that both the job itself is 
worth doing (it is important and beneficial to 
the general student body) and the person 
overseeing it is doing a good job. 

As a matter of fact, were the AS to suddenly 
disappear, it would be sorely missed : by 
providing representation on administrative 

(Continued on page 5) 

Clarification 
Question #3 

Budget Category Percent total $amount Acceptable Increase Decrease Comments 
AS recording se.cretary at all AS 

meetings, I would like to correct. a 
"quote" which I came across in tYPIng 
the con-argument for Question 3. 

Communications Board 
(TRITON TIME , KSDT, others ) 22 percent 

Programming 
(concerts, l ect~res, 
Coffee Hut, filI .ls', etc.) 21 percent 

Student Clubs (, Organ. 
Commission ar d other proj . 
(Food co-op, B, , A Bus. 
C. H. Bldg., Is!ues Now, 
Stu. Legi slativ ~ Prog., etc.) 25 percent 

AS Administra;ion 
(staff, suppli e!" equip., 
AS Printing, AS accounting) 23 percent 

tudent Gov 't tipend 5 per cent 

Miscellaneou 
(Travel, election ) 2 percent 

Page4 Triton Times March 2, 1971 

17,000 

16,300 

19,500 

17,800 

4,050 

2,000 

DDD 
DDD 
DOD DOD DOD DOD 

The statement was never made that 
"the students are not competent to Judge 
our performance," as alleged. While I d> 
not recall the exact quotation, It was to 
the eflect that the student body, as a 
whole, lacked the sufficient In-depth 
knowledge to evaluate the performance 
01 any specific AS oUlcer. But it was 
ne ver implied eithe r that the students 
were " incompetent " to judge the 
general worth (or lack of it) in paying 
stipends, or were " incompetent" to 
evaluate their personal level of satis-
faction with AS and thus Ita budgetary · 
poliCies on a general basis. 

Ileel that this correction is neceasary 
if fairness is to prevail, and when this 
discrepancy was pointed out to the 
author of the argument, he refused 10 
correct It; I felt as a non·partiaan 
member of the AS organization It should 
be Ik>ted. 

Billie London 

~c..tillued from pale' I 
and academic committees, it invaluably 
defends and promotes the welfare and 
interests of students; moreover , the Council 
continually tries to antiCipate student needs, 
recognize the aims and areas that presently 
need its support, and then initiate solutions 
(consider the student Legislative Advocacy 
program in Sacramento; the proposed North 
County Commuter Bus Service; the student 
input into the projected development of the 
UCSD environs; the development of a ' 
Volunteer Service Center; the Teacher and 
Cou rse Evaluation system soon to be put into 
operation ; etc., etc.); and, finally , the Council 
has shown itself extremely receptive to ideas 
or suggestions for things it might do or 
im provements it could make. 

Purposely , neither question asks you to fix 
the precise amount of the stipend an officer is 
to receive, no do they ask you to specify 
criteria that an officer must satisfy before he 
is to be considered deservi ng ; those , in fact, 
are matters which are customarily left up to 
the discretion of the governing body itself, 
which can best determine the specific level 
and value of work that the student body has a 
right to expect from its elected officials. 
Presumably, however , if they were fair , 
interested, and industrious enough to be 
elected, you can also trust them enough to 
establish reasonable and appropriate policies 
regarding the payment of stipends. 

Hopefully, the principal reason that anyone 
runs for office is concern for the welfare of 
students, interest in expanding the base of 
student power, and a desire to maximize the 
potentials of the AS for improving the position 
of students in the academic and general 
community. Nevertheless, the stipends the 
Council members receive are only token 
remuneration for the time and energy they put 
in : 10-15 or more hours per week is not 
uncommon fro many commissioners, while 
they only pay themselves $100 per quarter. 
(For comparison, at $2.12 an hour, they could 
easily earn three times as much if they were 
only interested in the money! Some 
compensation is due them just for time lost 
that they might otllerwlse have needed to 
spend working in order to cover the costs of 
going to school.) A lower GPA is also usually 
the sacrifice they make. Tbe Intended purpose 
(If tbe stipend is really to encourage efficiency 
and quality on tile Council, and excellence on 
tbe Council benefits every member of tbe 
ASUCSD by reducing the necessity for the 
Commissioner to seek outside employment, 
and thereby giving him more time to devote to 
his Council duties. It is for this reason that 
stipends are justified. The fact that the 

Resolution #4 

number of student government officers 
receiving stipends has increased over the past 
several years merely reflects the expansion of 
AS into greater involvement in university 
governance, community interaction, and the 
more aggressive and comprehensive pursuit 
of student goals and objectives. 

In question 2, you are asked whether five per 
cent of the total AS budget is an appropriate 
level of funding for the stipends of the eleven 
Council members, and in question 3, whether 
you agree or disagree with the idea behind the 
stipends. The question is intended to be 
binding: the Council will act appropriately if 
any such action is indicated. 

Con Argument for 

Questions #2, #3 
"ShOUld members of the AS Council receive 

stipends?" This is the question you are asked 
to vote on this week. When the Question was 
originally brought up (a nd defeated by the 
Council ) it read as follows : " Resolved , that 
the act of the AS Council appropriating $3,000 
for salaries of AS Council members (passed 
January 8, 1971) be repealed and all funds not 
taken be returned to the AS general fund ." 
That 's a little different isn 't it? Now you know 
that the AS COO1missioners and College 
representatives ( nine persons in all ) have 
already voted themselves $3 ,000 worth of 
salaries. Now you know that instead of 
actually approving or forbidding salaries, you 
will merely advise the Council on whether 
they should keep their self-approved and self· 
paid salaries. 

Why did the Council twice vote down the 
proposed referendum question which 
specifica lly would have approved or repea led 
sa laries? Because the Council expects the 
students to vote in favor of the principle of 
sa laries. They do not wish you to know that 
total (including president and vice-president) 
AS sa laries have more than doubled since last 
year. 

It is regrettable that the Council has chosen 
this course of deception , that we are left only 
the opportunity to vote against all salaries. 
Even at that, your vote against the $4,350 of 
sala ries self-appropriated by AS is only 
advisory . A vote of the CounCil would still be 
required to even reduce them . 

But perhaps members of the AS Council said 
it best in refusing to put a·binding and specific 
question on the ballot last week. "The students 
are not competent to judge our performance" . 
Competent enough to pay the salaries, though. 

A peace treaty was negotiated by representatives of the National Student 
Association and student representatives of both North and Soutb Viet-Nam . 
a) Do you agree witb tbe ideals of the peace treaty? (yes, no, abstllin) 
b) Do you endorse ("ratify") tbis treaty? (yes, no, abstain) 

History Background 
A delegation of 15 students acting on a 

mandate from the 23rd Na tional Student 
Congress organized by the U.S. National 
Student Association recently traveled to 
Vietnam to frame a " treaty of pellce between 
American and Vietnamese students." The 
treaty was negotiated between these 
Americans, the South Vietnamese National 
Student Union (an alliance of the South's five 

universities ) and the North Vietnamese 
National Union of Students , along with 
representatives of other student groups from 
both the North and South. NSA reports that 
" the Vietnamese said a separate peace treaty 
was necessary not only with American 
students but with all people in thi s country." 
Therefore, the NSA pledged itself to " a 
nationwide campaign to carry the Peace 

PACIFIC HONDA 

That's how many times PSA 
Connects San Diego with Los 

Angeles. Hollywood· 
Burbank. Ontario. 

Long BeaCh. Oak-

Sacramento. and San Jose. 
With lowest air fa res. Meet 

your campus rep 
halfway. Or your 
travel agent . Or PSA. 

land. San Francisco. ~,.. 

Treaty to the American people for 
ratification." The group hopes that 
endorsements by prominent students, faculty, 
and administration members will lead to 
referanda on campuses across the nation, and 
once rafified there, that next the community 
can be reached : " Working with adult 
organizations, Peace Treaty Committees on 
each campus will present the Treaty to every 
possible group and constituency in their local 
communities." (All quotes are taken from the 
NSA's magazine Newsletter.) 

The treaty itself follows : 
" Be it known that the American and 

Vietnamese people are not enemies. The war 
is carried out in the names of the people of the 
United States and South Vietnam but without 
our consent. It destroys the land and people of 
Vietnam. It drains America of its resources, 
its youth and its honor. 

We hereby agree to end the war on the 
following terms. so that both peoples can live 
under the joy of independence and can devote 
themselves to building a society based on 
human equality and respect for the earth. 

1. The Americans agree to immediate and 
tota l withdrawal from Vietnam and publicly to 
set the date by which all American forces will 
be removed. 

The Vietnamese pledge that as soon as the 
U.S. Government publicly sets a date for total 
withdrawa); 

2. They will enter discussions to secure the 
release of all American prisoners, including 
pilots captured while bombing North Vietnam. 

3. There will be an immediate cease-fire 
between U.S. forces and those led by the 

Pro Argument 

for Question #4 
" According to NSA Peace Treaty 

Coordinator Frank Greer, the exact wording 
of the Treaty is not important as long as the 
basic nine points are followed ." The treaty 
can thus be a rallying-point of renewed 
opposi tion to the war effort. It should serve as 
the focus of the constant public protest that we 
must keep up if we are to show President 
Nixon that the American people are united 
against the war and that the dangerous and 
deceptive game he is playing in SE Asia is in 
truth deceiving no one. The most important 
aspect of the treaty to bear in mind is that it 
uni tes the American and Vietnamese peoples 
against the Nixon administration. 

The Association foresees "many anti-war 
groups using the Treaty as the central focus of 
demonstrations scheduled to be held at the end 
of April and beginning of May this year. " 
David ifshin, president of the NSA, predicted 
that , " As millions of Americans join in 
endorsing this simple formu la for peace, the 
Nixon administration will be forced to accept 
the terms of the Treaty or face a major crisis 
of credi~ility.'· "Projects of the Peace Trealy 
Committees, to be established on campuses 
across the country, include canvassing door-
to-door, seeking endprsements by prominent 
members of the community, havi ng the Treaty 
introduced into city councils and sta te 
legislatures and obtaining the endorsement of 
all organized groups in the communities." We 
must not be discouraged ; and we ca nnot 
afford to dismiss this chance for peace. 

Provisional Revolutionary Government of 
South Vietnam. 

4. They will enter discussions of the 
procedures to guarantee the safety of all 

withdrawing troops. 
5. The Americans pledge to end the 

imposition of Thieu-Ky-Khiem on the people of 
South Vietnam in order to insure their right of 
self-determination and so that all political 
prisoners can be released. 

6. The Vietnamese pledge to form a 
provisional coalition government to organize 
democratic elections. All parties agree to 
respect the results of elections in which all 
South Vietnamese can participate freely 
without the presence of any foreign troops . 

7. The South Vietnamese pledge to enter 
discussion of procedures to guarantee the 
safety and political freedom of those South 
Vietnamese who have collaborated with the U. 
S. or with the U. S. supported regime. 

8. The Americans and Vietnamese agree to 
respect the independence, peace and 
neutrality of Laos and Cambodia in accord 
with the 1954 and 1962 Geneva concentions and 
not to interfere in the internal affairs of these 
two countries. 

9. Upon these points of agreement, we 
pledge to end the war and resolve all other 
questions in the spirit of self-determination 
and mutual respect for the independence and 
politica l freedom of the people of Vietnam and 
the United States. By ratifying the agreement, 
we pledge to take whatever actions are 
appropriate to implement the terms of this 
joint Treaty and to insure its acceptance by 
the government of the United States." 

Con Argument 
for Question #4 

Quick withdrawal from Indochina is 
certainly a defensible and acceptable action 
for the United States to take. It should not 
however , be the purpose of the United States 
to bargain its withdrawal by sacrificing the 
future independence of South Vietnam. 

After all the wonderful rhetroic in the first 
paragraphs, the Treaty gets down to the real 
business. The forced deposition of an elected 
president, Nguyen Van Thieu, is provided for . 
This president is alleged to have been imposed 
on South Vietnam. Yet a committee of 
American liberal led by orman Thomas 
observed the election and called it fair . 
Subsequent South Vietnamese elections have 
produced defeats for government candidates : 
such as the Senate election victory last 
summer of a slate of militant Buddhists. One 
may contrast this situation with orth 
Vietnam , which has no opposition parties. 

Perhaps the serious flaw in the treaty is the 
use of the word '·collaborator" to describe 
those South Vietnamese who have fought 
against the North Vietnamese. Whatever your 
opinion of the war. you must consider the fact 
that 110,000 South Vietnamese soldiers have 
perished in battle against the North. One must 
reflect on the 15,000 South Vietnamese 
official who have been assassinated by Viet 
Cong assassination squads. Who are we to 
judge the legions of dead with the infamous 
title of "collaborators?" The plain truth is 
that the treaty takes a partisan tand which 
completely transcends the mere question of 
American withdrawal. 

It has often been said that the U.S. must not 
impose a government on South Vietnam. This 
applies as clearly to a left-wing as to a right-
wing government. Getting out of Vietnam is 
our business, lea ving a bleeding nation to face 
the rigors of a vengeful enemy is not. 

II(}(, .".AI'1fl 
.s.,'6~ 

~S~"" 
7f»1'1. D 

RoseBud 
(judy Hensky 

and 
Jerry Vester) 

plus 
Ja(k T emp(hin 

Fri .• Sat.-Sun.-open 8 p.m. 

Room .............. 
Honda his itaL 

Admission $2 .50 

Students $1.50 (exc. Sat. Ev .) 
HAY FEVER 

Notl (oward's IIIIprHidabl, tamedy of a Nn-Iovi"t lamily enjoy-
ill. lif. in the fnt-spirited "20's. 
.2 SO IT ...... w ... : Thv, .. Iv,., h ••. ) Sl.OO (5",,, Moi . .... lJ) 
13.00 Ifr l, , Set, f" •• ) ' I.SO 5tv. thAI (eM. " ( ftlitf.4 MII. . u 5.' I" .. 
k~"" ~centre stage ...... 

PAM BINKERD /488-1 393 Pacific Honda-1277 Garnl" 
272-5511 

.... 

239·2255 
.1Mf_ 

March 2, 1971 Triton Times Page 5 



.. 

Hard Floors and Soft Rock 
r.rry 8oro~ 
Arts Editor 

UCSD was treated to its only major AS-sponsored rock concert 
of the quarter last Saturday night, when John Sebastian played for 
a sell-out crowd in the gym. Sebastian's showmanship and charm 
overcame what could have been solely an evening of backaches 
derived from the crowded seating on hard floors and bleachers. 

Student tickets for the concert, priced at $1, were sold out over a 
week before the event was held. In addition to the 2,000 student 
tickets, another approximately 900 priced at $2.50 and $3 were 
sold. In spite of all tickets being sold, the concert " lost about 
$2,000," according to ASUCSD Program Board Chairman Dan 
Spellens. . 

The evening's concert began promptly at 8:30 with a local San 
Diego group, Roy Raisin. It was, as the group announced to the 
crowd, their first gig anywhere. For over an hour they played a 
pleasant brand of country-flavored rock, at varying times 
reminiscent of the Band, Poco, and Crosby, Stills,. Nash & Young. 
Their instrumentation was unusual in that a steel (slide) guitar 
was used for most solos and back-up was done with acoustic, 
rather than electric guitars. Most striking about the group were 
the fine vocals and harmony used. 

............................................................... 

After intermission, a tall smiling figure with guitar slung 
around-neck and garbed in tie-dyes came running on stage to greet 
the audience. Shouts of "aaaoooh " from the crowd were returned 
with equal vigor from the man at the mike. Old time cheer was 
what the people were about to hear. 

John Sebastian performed with cheer and enthusiasm, at times 
dancing sideways across the stage a-Ia Chuck Berry !,hile 
performing some old-styled rock 'n'roll numbers. As the audience 
responded to Sebastian with applause, cheers and shouted 
requests he in turn responded to it. Sebastian played such well-
known ~ngs of his as " Daydream," "She 's a Lady," " Darling Be 
Home Soon," and " Nashville Cats." Paul Harris , a friend of 
Sebastian's played accompaniment on the piano to several of the 

. songs. 

Asked by the TRITON TIMES how he chooses what he uses for 
- concerts, Sebastian replied : " I just sort of see what the audience 

is into on a particular evening. I've ended up at times singing 
things I'd only sing in the shower." 

Despi te being a talented composer and performer, Sebastian is 
not a one-man band. His solo guitar accompaniment, and the 
occasional piano support provided by Paul Harris , did not make 
up for the absence of the full sound necessary to give Sebastian's 
music its best treatment. 

''The Careta~,~.~::;:: Stage Againl 
Slofl Writer 

Enter stage right: drama 
professor Eric Christmas and 
drama student Steven Nagarr. 
Both carry on-stage scripts for 
the reader's theater production 
of "The Caretaker," a play by 
British author Harold Pinter . 
Unfamiliar with any form of 
reader's theater, I speculated 
that watching actors read lines 
is a slow way to spend an 
evening. 

But I was also experiencing 
acting by Eric Christmas for 
the first time, and had 
underestimated his ability to 
captivate an a udien ce . 
Christmas portrayed Mac 
Davies, a derelict old man who 
was rescued from a cafe 
scuffle and brought to a nearby 
flat (apartment) by a younger 
man. 

Aston, the younger man 
played by Nagarr, is slow in 
speech and action due to a 
lobotDmy. He offers Davies a 
bed for the night and an ear for 
listening to Davies's ramblings 
about life. 

Several minutes after the 
two characters began, I forgot 
that they were occasionally 
reading their lines. Christmas 
spun the web of confusion and 
aimlessness that characterized 
Davies 's life. 

Many of Davies' lines are 
humorously delivered ; yet an 
undercurrent of terror was 
i n iti a t ed and usuall y 
maintained by the third 
character, Mick, played by 
drama faculty member Tom 
McCorry. Mick alternated 
between aggressive and 
congenial behavior in his 
dialogue s with Davies, 
exposing the laUer 's insecurity 
and fear . 

Christmas superbly portrays 
the lost and finally rej ected 
Davies in his last plea for 
acceptance, as the light dims 
on the conclusion of the play. 

In a brief introduction before 
the play began, Christmas 
explained that a variation of 
reader's theater was chosen for 
the production because of lack 
of facilities, money and ti me 
for memorizing lines. 

All seats to the three 
performances given on Feb. 19, 
20, and 21 were sold out in 
advance. Consequent ly, two 
additional evenings of "The 
Caretaker " have been 
schedul ed for this Friday and 
Saturday at 8 p.m. in 2D 1330 on 
Muir Campus. Reservations 
and tickets are available from 
the Drama Department at 317 
Matthews Campus and from 
the Urey Hall ticket office. 

TRANSC END ENT AL MEDIT A liON 
As tought by 

MAHARISHI MAHESH YOGI 
Transcendental Meditation .develops 

the capacity for full enjoyment and 
accomplishment in life. It's practiced 
for a few minutes morning and evening . 
During thi 'i time the bQdy gains profound 
rest whilE' the mind expands to full 
awarenes~ . 1 This technique .develops 
creative i" telligence and improves the 
clar ity of the thinking process. Trans-
cendental Meditation, by .d veloping the 
inner mechanics of thinking and exper-
ience, insl res the full .development of the 
individual. The practice is unique since 
it involve!. no concentration or contem-
plation, no suggestion or control. It is 
easily learned by anyone. 

INTRODUCTORY LECTURE: 
TONIGHT, MARCH 2nd, 8 p.m. 

UCSD USB 4050 A 
FREE and OPEN TO PUBLIC 

Page 6 Trilon Times March 2, 1971 

Discussion With 
Alex Katz 

The Revelle Guest-In -
Residence Committee will bold 
a reception for Alex Katz 
today. March 2, at4 p.m. in the 
Informal Lounge. Students, 
faculty and staff are invited to 
a ttend this open 'discussion 
with the artist. Mr. Katz 
currently has a one-man show 
at the H-L Library and the Art 
Gallery. Refreshments will be 
served. 

'Mini Musi( Festival' 
The first week of March has 

been declared "Chamber 
Music Week" by the UCSD 
Music Department and a 
number of musical events have 
been scheduled. All events 
planned for the week are free 
and open to the fUbliC. 

As part 0 the "mini· 
festival," brief concerts are to 
be beld each noon hour today 
through Friday, March 5, in 20 
2346 , Muir College. A different 
program will be performed 
each day and pieces to be 
performed include everything 
from early lute music to a 
Brahms cla rinet quintet to a 
Beet hove n t r io to 
contemporary works. 

NMCE III , an ensemble 
devoted to the performance of 

new music that emphasizes the 
use of the human voice, will 
presesent a concert at the 
Recital Hall , 409 Matthews, 
Wednesday, March 3, at 8:30 
p.m. 

The ensemble, which was 
formed at the University of 
Illinois, has since migrated to 
La Jolla , and most of its 
members are gr aduate 
students or faculty at UCSD. 
During the month of March, 
NMCE ill will tour the 
country, giving concerts at 
Mills ' College, the Automation 
House in New York, the 
Smithsonian Institute and the 
University of Iowa . 

The group, which has 
received grants from both the 
Ford and Ro ckefell er 
Foundations, composes and 
performs its own pieces. 
Improvisations are also done, 
and microtonal and electronic 
music are also a part of NMCE 
Ill 's repertoire. 

The works to be performed at 
the UCSD concert are Lingua I 
and Lingua II , two parts of a 
giant music and word theater 
by UCSD Professor Kenneth 
Gaburo. Lingua I, subtitled 
" Poems and Other Theaters," 
'consists of many separate 
p ieces for va r i ou s 
instruments, actors, voices, 
tapes and projections. Lingua 
II "Iso known "s " M~IPilpttn " 

is a massive work for virtuoso 
speaker and a chorus of six 
other speakers. The human 
voice , with its wide variety of 
sound capabilities, is used as 
an orchestral instrument. 

Members of the NMCE III 
group are Bonnie Barnett, Lin 
Barron, Sherry Dorn, Bruce 
Rittenbach , Bruce Leibig, 
Robert MacDougall, and Alan 
Johnson, with Ken Gaburo as 
director. Guest artists for this 
concert are Bertram Turetzky, 
contrabassist, and Jack Logan, 
trumpet. 

Harp s ichordist Louise 
Spizizen will be guest lecturer 
at a Renaissance and Baroque 
music seminar Thursday, 
March 4, at 4 p.m. in the 
Recital HaIL 

She will discu ss the 
preparation and performance 
of keyboard continuo, with 
illustrations from the works of 
Locatelli , Leclair, and Biber, 
and will be assisted by Pat 
Strange on the violin and Glen 
Campbell on the gamba . 

The week will be ended by a 
con cert by the UCSD 
Renaissance and Baroque 
music class, Saturday, March 
6, at 8:30 p.m. in the Recital 
HaIL 

The class is under the 
direction of Dr. John Silber and 
Professor Bertram Turetzkv. 

QUICK CURE FOR TAX HEADACHES: 
Pacific Soledad 

Instruments to be used in the 
concert will include viola da 
gamba, lute, oboe d'amore, 
recorder, viola d'amore, and 
harpsichord. 

Sufi Meditation-
Dancing 

Tonight at 7 p.m., in 201 
Matthews there will be a 
presentation of Sufi dancing. 
Sometimes known as wbirling 
dervishes , the Sufis are 
religious mystics who worship 
and express the joy of being 
through singing, dancing, and 
the use of sacred phrases, or 
mantras . These dances are the 
inspira tion of Sufi Murshid 
Samuel Lewis of San 
Francisco, and they will be 
taught by one of his diSCiples. 
All are welcome to come and 
join in. Bring your drums and 
guitars if you can. 

Poetical Chants 
Jerome Rothenberg wiII 

read , chant and perform hi s 
poetry Friday night, March 5, 
at 8:30 in the UCSD Art 
Gallery. : Rothenberg's deep 
involvement with American 
Indian poetry is reflected at all 
levels of his book. More 
information about him in 
Friday 's paper. 

$ Nothing's more useless at tax time than a stack of rent receipts . Yet most renters don't realize how easy it is to own a new home and how big a tax advantage comes with ownership. $ 

$ 

Pacific Soledad homeowners get nearly 1/ 3 oftheir total payments back as a tax dollar gain ... year 
after year! And look at these other advantages. Their payments (unlike rent) never go up. They build 
equity in their home. They (not their landlord) enjoy steadily rising real estate appreciation. AD 
together , many homeowners find that when they finally sell, they've lived virtually "Free". (To say 
nothing of the fact that they've lived better: more space, amenities and freedom. ) 
Here's how it could work for you. Let's say you pay $175 a month . lllat's $21,000 in the next 10 years. 
But if you buy at Pacific Soledad ($35,950 on a :I)-year FHA loan ) your prinCipal and interest 
deductions would provide a tax doOar gain of $10,500 during those same years. And you'd have $4,3aJ 
in equity plus a piece orJ)l'operty~robably more valuable than when you boWlhtit. 

JOINT PURCHASE- ANOTHER WAY TO TAME THE TAX BITE 

It's also practical for two singles to buy a home jointly . Each person receives $5,250 in tax dollar gain, 
and their effective monthly payment is only $1Il.1. And the joint purchase isn't complicated. Vesting ci 
title , buy lIId sell agreements, etc. can be tailored to your desires and best interes ts. 

For the details showing exactly what the tax dilference between renting and buying can mean tD you, 
visit Pacific Soledad today . . .off 1-5 at Garnet , west to Soledad Mt. Rd., then north to Randall and the 

mo~l ; or caD Bob Waybourn, project manager at 272-3968. 
PAOFIC SOLEDAD 
2459 Beryl St. 

• Assuming 35 per cent tax bracket. 
An Activity of the U.S. Financial Group 

-On the average, $175 per month rents a 650 sq. ft. ap .. tment in a high denaty building, one uncovered 
parking space and no view. U you can afford this, you can probably afford a Pacific Soledad home 
with 3 be<k-ooms, 2 1/ 2 baths, 1,675 sq, ft . Det living area, carpeted, fenced , landscaped, two 
firepla ces, seif<leaning double oven range , dish..,Mher , patio, balcony , cable TV, 2 car garage and 
a great Mission Bay View. 

U(SD Naiods Break 7 Records 
This Friday, March 5, Marks 

the culmination of over two 
months of hard team work. The 
swim team, although recording 
an overall losing season, has 
through dedication and team 
wo rk developed an 
inspirational season . They have 
now but two school records left 
to break. 

In the past two weeks seven 
records ha ve been reset. On 
Feb. 20 against the University 
of Redlands Mike Marsh lead 
the way with records in the 1000 
Free, 11 :30.5, and 200 Fly, 
2: 19.5, followed by Jim Wiens 
in the 500 Free, 5:28.6. Then 
last Friday, Feb. 27, at San 
Diego State, Marsh went about 

taking Wiens's 200 Free record 
with a 1 :55.0 clocking, and the 
500 Free in 5:28.4; while Wiens 
stole Marsh 's 1000 Free record 
in the new time of 11 : 28.8. 
Marsh also went on to reset his 
200 Fly record at 2: 18.1. Other 
records set this season have 
been Bob Skelley, Larry 
Troxell, Marsh, Wiens in the 
400 Medley Relay, 4:06 .0; 
Skelley in the 200 I. M. 2: 13.1 
and 100 Free in 53.1 ; Tom 
And e rson in the 200 
Breaststroke in 2:33.9; and 
finally Dave Stillinger, Dick 
Watts , Wiens and Marsh in the 

Surf Club Sets Dance 
UCSD Surf Club is sponsoring a free Dance on Sat. March 6 

at 7 p.m. in the gym. It is to climax the California 
Championship Surf Contest held by Us. It is open to all UCSD 
students and members of the contest. We will have a live band 
and free surf flicks . Plus extra added attractions if we ca n 
think of them . 

SPORTS WRITERS NEEDED! 
400 Free Relay in the time of r 
3:34.6. This leaves only the 50 
Free and 200 Backstroke 
records untouched . ------------------------~ 

I you can drill it, 
wI11 insure it 

for less. 
No matter what you drive - from a conservative Volkswagen to a radio 

cal hot rod - we can save you money on your car insufance. 
College Student Insurance Service has been working with the Auto 

Insurance tndustry for 5 years to prove that college students deserve 
lower rates on their car insurance . Now, if you 're an Assoc iated Student 
member, you can get Group Discounted Auto Insuranel at an average sav. 
IngS of 48% In Cal ifornia. Plus, you can continue your coverage after 
you're out of sc hooL 

For a personal Quote, call CSIS today. 
We feel that you shoutdn't have to pay more to insure your car tha n you 

d,d to buy it. 

5090 College Ave. 
583·9393 

C.S.I.S. We're on your side. 
If 

, ... ,. 1" .. 11,04 i ... ,., eyelot 
.... _4 •• ..,.. ... , . 

, .. , cllV' 1114 ... ,... ...... ~'oM 
.... _lib fer "" 
No pMne calls 

Slop in and see John 

?AC~r~C 
YAMAHA 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F St_ 

PAYS DONORS 
for services 
Tues. thru Sat. 

233·8328 

HAS SOMETHING 
ESPECIAlLV NIC! 
FO" YOU ON 
THURSDAY NIGHTS 

RESERVATIONS 
REQUESTED ... 
.. , .. 223· 8122 

fla 310lla 
jl]~r1i 
1Iurktt' 

2259 Avebldl DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 459 - 3465 

G,."",s, 
"'~"" 
."fs, . 

Wi,e , I •• , 

...... ~~ ... ,..-..... ~ DINNER ........ 7:00 
---MMENUI---- SHOW TlME ... 9:00 

PII IME ~III DINNER --4"''' __ r'REE---C.UI, M,,, Cu. rI 
J._110 S~'h", oio",,_$14 5 POST-SHOW ~1SfGW 
',i • • Chick. o 0,0.,,_ $145 STOP SMOKING ' MEMO~Y ' 
Ii.cl. .... , ... . 0 .... r1, WEIGHT ~EOutTlOll · 

CONCENT~ATION · IELF-
- ~\.:~--.. . CON' IOENCE · -~ EOUCATIONAl 

SU .. UTIONS 

Triton Cagers Lose to Biola 
During a ra ther dull evening, UCSD dropped a pair of 

basketball games to the Biola Eagles last Friday night. The 
score of the JV game was UCSD 56, Biola 63, while the varsity, 
in their final game of the season, was not much more 
encouraging: UCSD 73, Biola 84. Both teams had beaten the 
Eagles ea.rlier 10 the season up at Biola . 

The va rsity was unable to put any real team offense 
together and had tD depend on the outside shooting of Steve 
Hoch and Dave Wright and the board work of Mark Wilson 
during the first half to keep them anywhere close to the hot-
shooting birds. At the same time Biola was exceptionally tough 
from the outside, so tough one wondered if they ever missed . 
The long-range shooting gave them a quick lead of nine points 
in the first seven minu tes, which the TritDns were never able 
to overcome. By halftime Biola was on tDp of a 41-31 score. The 
birds were led at halftime by Dave DaytDn with 12 points, 
although the rest of their scoring was evenly distributed among 
their starters. Meanwhile Hoch , Wright and Wilson combined 
fo r 23 of the Tritons ' 31 points. 

The second half was not much more exciting than the first. 
and the Eagles' lead remained fairly constant between 9 and 11 
points throughout the final period. Most of the scoring was 
done by Dave Wright and his soft jump shot and by JV addition 
Tom Bruice, who , despite his lack of size, did quite a job under 
the boards for the Tritons. In his final game for UCSD, the 
Tritons' all-time leading rebounder, Mark Wilson, didn 't 
disappoint his fans as he fouled out of the game with only 16 
seconds remaining. Mark had everyone worried , but in the 
final seconds he left the game in true Wilson style. Nothing 
much else can be said about the game since nothing much else 
really happened. 

Dave Dayton of the Eagles led all scorers wi th 22 points, 
while his teammate Bruce Erickson connected for 21. Dave 
Wright led UCSD with 2J points, while Steve Hoch and Tom 
Bruice scored 13 apiece and Jon Lelevier connected for 11. As 
always Mark Wilson led the Tritons in rebounding, pulling 
down 12. Both teams were at a slighl disadvantage, UCSD 
playing without the services of forward Brian Todd, Biola 
playing without their star rr. ward , Ron Johnson, who had 
injured his hand a few days before the game. 

The JV game was about as lackluster as the varsity's, 
although at the beginning it looked as though the Tritons would 
be able to pull through with a victory. At halftime the score 
was tied at a low 29 points apiece, with neither team outplaying 
the other. The second half was different, however, as the 
Tritons failed to get anything together and were consequently 
outplayed by the Eagles. Tom Bruice led all scorers with 16 
points while two other Tritons, Geoff Kostyshak and Mike 
Rath , scored in double figures with 10 points apiece. Biola 
showed a surprising balance of scoring with their three top 
scorers , Jeff Braun, Randy Strohman, and James Cleminson, 
connecting for 14 each. 

This was the final-game for the varsity. who finished with a 
record of 14 wins and 12 losses. The junior varsity still must 
play in the San Diego Tournament against the University of 
San Diego, San Diego State and USIU. Wednesday and 
Thursday nights. 

UCSD: HOCH 13, Wil son 9, D. Wright 21 , Lelevier 11, 
Gregory 4, S. Wright 2, Bruice 13, total 73. 

Biola : Dayton 22, Erickson 20, Gregg 10, Clegg 12, Hartle 11, 
Engel 9, total 83. 

Steve Hoch (23) and Mark Wil on (ZI) contend with Biola 
player for rebound in the fir t balf of Friday's conte t. Jobn 
LeLevier watche . 

March 2, 1971 Triton Times Pagt 7 



r 

... 

TUESDAY, 
March 2 

LECTURES-l:3O p.m., 2402 
2A; Dr. C. Patel, "Optical 
Nonlinearities of Mobile 
Carriers in Semiconductors." 

3 p.m., 2105 Bonner Hall; 
George Mross, "Soli4 Phase 
Peptide Degradation." 

4 p.m., 2622 USB : Karl Freed, 
"The Theory of Radiationless 
processes in Poly atomic 
Molecules." 

4 p.m., 2145 Ritter Hall; 
Gordon Williams, "Electricity 
and Magnetism in the Sea." 
MEETINGS-3 :30 p.m., HL 
Aud; Revelle COllege Faculty 
meeting. 

4 p.m., Revelle informal 
lounge; reception for Alex Katz, 
whose art work is now being 
shown at UCSD. 

7 p.m., Revelle formal 
lounge; Lance Beizer, selective 
service. advisor, would like to 
meet with those in the process 
of filing for conscientious ob-
jector status and those who 
have gone through the process 
and would like to share what 
they have learned. 

................. 

JOu." It Oft fy 
sensual & therapeutic 

WATERBEDS 
~,t.Q ~ "0(1, "\t.Q~ ~ Ito;'o 

AIRFI!-fll£ 
KING $5500 
SIZE 
Healthful . ... If.1 SI •• p 

The Waterhole 
PlIo ... 
280-2611 

MUSIC-noon, 2346 2D; 
Clamber Music Mini-Festival 
Concert. 
MOVIES-noon, 2622 USB; 
"Interview with G. I. Taylor." 

noon, 2250 2D; "Struggle for 
life," a propag/mda fibn on the 
war explaining why we should 
support medical aid to the 
enemy. 50 cent donation. 
RADIO-ll p.m., KFMB radio 
(760); Dr. C. Grobstein will be 
guest on topic to discuss, "The 
School of Medicine." 
YOGA-7 p.m., Matthews Oilld 
Day Care Center; 3HO classes. 
Bring mat or blanket and don't 
eat before. 
DANCING-7 p.m., 201 Mat-
thews; Sufi dancing. All are 
welcome to join in this ancient 
way of expressing joy and 
togetherness. Bring drwns and 
guitars. 

WEDNESDAY, 
March 3 

LECTURE-4 p.m., 1330 2D; 
Pierre Emanuelli, executive 
secretary of the French Atlantic 
Association, "De Gaulle- Plus 
or Minus" 
MEETINGS-noon, Gym; 
Provost Paul Saltman, Vice-
Chancellor Murphy, and the 
Rct:A conduct Revelle College 
Meeting to inform and draw 

CAMPUS REP 
EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY for 
a ITIIrrlad coupla. If you ara nor· 
ITIIlly hom. to answar phona calls 
you can IIrn supplamentary In· 
coma p.rt·tima raprlSlnting a non 
profit student run travel program. 
If you have organiZational ability 
and have traveled in Europe phona 
COLLECT (2131 348·3013. 

HANG 'YeN 'Y-~~IRrs 
ON !!OUR BODY f' 

.. . ;hJdent travel discounts 
* Official SOFA agent for over 2000 inter·European student 
chorter flight 
.. nternationol Student iO cord 
.. 2 month student Eurailpass $125 
.. 3 weeks comping in Russ ia and Czechoslovakia $156 
.. 5 weeks camping in Spain, Portugal ond Morocco $230 
.. london-Capetown 7 week African Safari $641 
CONTACT: ISCA l. A. Calif . 90049 

11687 San Vicente Blvd. 114 (213) 826-5669 

hit. Triten Ti..... March 2, 197t 

reaction from students 
regarding issues of vital con-
cern to them. 

7 p.m .• 11th Door 10lllge, Muir 
dorms; MECHA meeting 

campUS') Curh Donhowe will 
speak at TCF on the New 
Testament Curch_ All welcome 

7:30 p.m., Lower Blake, 
Qlmmittee to Free Political 
Prisoners, for information call 
755-7503 or 7~7462 
MOVIES-noon, Muir 2D 2250, 
"Struggle for life" 
MUSIC-8:30 p.m., Revelle 
Cafeteria, Phil Oebs in concert, 
proceeds go to Committee to 
Free Policital Prisoners, Ad-
mission $l.00 

CLA~SIFIEDS 
7:30 p.m., Lower Blake 

ul\mge; Meeting of the Asian-
American Student Alliance. 

8 p.m., informal lounge; 
Triton Times feedback session 
All suggestions, comments, 
complaints, welcome. 
MOVlE-7 p.m., USB 2622; 
"Struggle for Life." 50 cent 
donation . 
FOLKDANCING-8 p .m., 
Quonset hut, 304 Matthews; 
Scandinavian folkdancing . 
DINNER-25 cent dinner at 
University Lutheran Church 
sponsored by UCSD 
Ecumenical Students. All 
welcome. 
MUSIC-noon , 2346 2D; 
Olamber Music Mini-Festival 
Concert. 

8:30 p.m. , Recital Hall, 409 
MC; NMCE III musical en-
semble presents "Ungua I" and 
"Lingua II". 
RADIO-ll p.m., KFMB Radio 
(760); Dr. Robert Allen, student 
health services director, will be 
guest on "Topic" to discuss 
"The World of the Adolescent." 

THURSDAY, 
March 4 

LECfURES-12 noon, Sumner 
Auditorium, S10, Edward 
Gomez, "The Philippines -
Terrestrial and Marine Scenes 
(as seen by a Native)" 
(illustrated by color slides) 

4 p.m., 2622 USB, Revelle, Dr . 
Wallerstein, " Is the Mass-
lwninosity Relation Unique?" 
MEETING-8 p.m., 8663 
Nottingham Place (just south of 

triton times 
FEEDBACK 
SESSION 

Wed., Mar. 3rd at 8 p.m. 
in the Informal lounge 

"We wont to know what 
you think about your paper." 

sponsored by the 
Guest-in-Residence 

Committee 

YOGA INSTRUcrION-7 p.m., 
Matthews Campus Olild Day 
Care Center, Bring mat or 
blanket and don't eat before 

FRIDAY, 
March 5 

LECTURES-12 noon, Sumner 
Auditoriwn, SIO, Dr. VivieMe 
Cassie, "Interactions Between 
Algae and Pollution in Fresh-
water Lakes of New Zealand." 

4 p.m., 2100 Basic Science 
Bldg., School of Medicine, Dr. 
John Kerr, "Topics in 
Respiration-Single Lung 
Anesthesia" 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Conference on the New in-
ternational Theater Workshop 
in Contemporary Social Issues; 
all potential actors and 
musicians please come. 
Tuesday and Wednesday 4-7 
USB rm., 3060, Revelle .Anyone 
interested in "European 
Handball" call Arne Berge I 
1645 
Library Dedication Concert on 
March 20 has been cancelled.AlI 
applicants for Financial aid for 
1971-72 must turn in ap-
plications to the financial Aids 
Office Bldg. 250, MC, by March 
15, 1971. 

P.rlonal. 
Little C's Plzu Treat 

45304455 
Llrge or X-Llrge Plnl 

Thlsld worth 50( off. 
(Good thru March 4.) 

(3/2) 
Malestudenll part/ full time, S3 
hr. plus scholarship. call 224-
2164. (R) 
Roommlte for Spring Qulrter. 
Nelr Belch in Del Mar -your 
own room 175. 755-6552. 

For Rent 
ThrH (3) cachetic Medicil Stu-
dents to Delight feml Ie culinary 
connoisseurs. Price: Fllr 
trlde- your dish, our palate 
(plus wine) call Arthtlr, Victor 
or Eugene at 274·9256 weekends 
or week nights or wHk mo-
ments after 10:30 p.m. or before 
7:451.m. 

(3/5) 
We hive room for two people to 
move into our house in Del Mar 
IS soon as possible. 'Cln elch 
Nve private room 562.50 per 
month nch. Good hitching 
location. CIII : 755·4117 (3/5) 
Need GIRL Roommlte to SNre 
a house with 3 other girls in Del 
Mar. Firepllce, Pilno, & a 
small glrden. Rent: 177.50 a 
month. CIII: 755-7621 Iround 
dinnertime. (3/5) 

~oroscopes 
Astrological Birth Chlrts with 
complete interpretations $10 
Progressions liS Call Nlckolls 
Scalese 755·6357 after 5 p.m. 

(3/5) 

OPENS TOMORROW 

SAN FELIPE BASH !~'" March 22 - March 27 
• lodging on beach 

• round trip transportation 

• free fishing trip 

• free water skiing 

TRIP INCLUDES ~ 
• happy ho'urs nightly (dancing 

on beach with band) 

• special meal discounts 

COST $75.00 

• week of relaxation on a 
beautiful Baja Beach 

For reservations and/ or information call 224-6230 between 6 and 10 p.m. 

Travel 
EUROPE: 1225·nIO. ·Also 
ISRAEL and JAPAN Spring 
Ind Summer flights Ivallable 
call 755-JtfO Ifter 5 ,.m., or 
writ. E.S.E.P.-UCSD 1217 
lev.rly Blvd., Los Angeles, 
calif. 

(5/11) 

Europe charten. 50 Depar. 
turts, llso from N.Y., AfriCl, 
Indll, Isrlel. 60% Off. Free 
info: EASC, 323 N. Beverly Dr., 
Beverly Hills, ca lif., 90210. 
Phone: (213) 276-6293. 

(5/11) 

Europe Jet Chlrt.r Flights. 
Spring Specili. March 30 tin 
June 15 - 1261. Plus full 
summer progrlm. Cell leslie 
512-9091 Ift.r 5. 

«(R) 

$269 RT LA to Europe 61 16 :0 
91 15 or 61 30 to 9/ • 
Llrge Savings on Clrs and 
charter flights to Israel , 
GrHce, other countries. 
Prof. Bentler UC. (213) 277·5200 
cl 0 Sierra Trlyel of Beyerly 
Hills 9175 Santa Monici Blyd ., 
Los Angeles, 90212 

(3/ 12) 
Europe Charters Several 
schedules from $250 roundtrip, 
S150 one way. Coordinator : 
Profes:;or Margaret Pili 247 
Roycroft, Long Beach. 90803. 
213-438·2179. 

(3/12 ) 

Services 
Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 

Try James Automotive Service 
Americln and Foreign Cars 
Repairs Ind Pollution Control. 
Student Discount 7748 Herschel 
La Jolla (in the relr) 459-9181 

(R) 

Typing '- for Iccurlte Typing 
on electric pici - term papers, 
theses, mlnuscripts, etc. Call 
Mrs. McCroskey 2'7-1607. 

(R) 
Typing ... Experienced typ-
ist. .. Term pipers, theses. 
Electric typewriter . Will do 
rush jobs. 453-6135. (R) 
DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
SerYice on Schedule . Modest 
Rites. Satisflction is the end 
product. Helen 459·... (R) 

For Sal. 
'70 Filt 124 Spider, 5·speed 
AMI FM Tonnelu cov.r. 224· 
9n9. 

For Slie by owner 
A home with an inc om. on one 
third acre. Fruit trees Ind 
glrden. N&!st be s .. n to be 
Ippreclated . Make offer . 753· 
2910. (3/9) 

For SIIe: Remington 221 250 
rlfle'wlth 4X scope Ind loading 
equipment plul extrls. Slo.oO. 
call 755-7.3 eyenlngs. 

(3/5) 
'62 Chevy for Slie. Very good 
condHIon. 1250 or best offer. 755· 
7.3. U/2) 

A lETTER IEDI King size 
wlt.r Mel. 155.11. The Wlter 
Hole, 4212 EI calOft IMI., ... 
M". (~ 
NOUVZINV~ 11«)l4-NC)N 


