
Diddo Clark: The Girl 
Who's Doing It Herself 

Jeff Graham 
Stoff Writer 

Question : What girl used to ride a unicycle for the World's 
Fair and for a circus in "ucatan, is an undergraduate TA, and 
is running for AS president? Answer: The energetic and 
unconventional Diddo Clark. 

" It must be a nice feeling, leaving a constructive mark on 
this pl~ce ." a reporter suggests. Diddo nods ; she should know. 
Last year, while riding her bicycle (it's the phosphorescent red 
and green one) slle discovered that UCSD needed bicycle 
ramps. Rather than file a request with physical plant or pass a 
petition around, she tracked down the necessary permission, 
got some concrete from Muir construction and built five 
bicycle ramps. The university bureaucrats decided they liked 
the idea, and ordered the construction of many more. 

The big glass display cases in the Science and Engineering 
Library sit empty for almost the entire year. Diddo borrowed 
the key last year, made a series of paintings, and hung them in 
the display cases. Someone liked the idea enough to institute 
the annual Sand E arts festival. For relaxation, she attends 
meetings of the Muir College Council. She was asked what she 
was doing over the three-day weekend: well , she happens to be 
gathering food to take to striking farm workers (Huelga !) in 
San Diego county. 

Diddo is a junior, a special projects major at Muir, with a 
strong interest in student politics. Remember the infamous 
Muir conspiracy (Steve, Don, Jon and Diddo)? "Last year, 
Muir College Council was a complete waste of time," claims 
Diddo. "( Provost ) Stewart had brilliant ideas, but they weren 't 
carried out. " So last Summer a group of her friends got 
together to discuss how to make Muir beUer. She, her brother 
Steve, Don Bright, and Jon Collins ran for council, and came in 
first , second , third and fourth . Diddo lauds the Muir Council as 
"the single most dynamic group of students on campus," and 
believes that, as Student Body president, she could bring some 
of its enthusiasm to the AS. 

The name "Diddo" resulted from an early attempt by her 
slightly older brother, Steve, to pronounce her first nickname : 
"little-girl. " 

Diddo teaches a Contempora ry Issues section at Muir. She 
loves it because "I get to create something," and because the 
class demands a great deal of student participation. She 
regards education as "people doing it themselves." 

She would like to see the land now owned by UCSD to be used 
for the benefit of the students. The new projection for UCSD 
calls for a maximum of only 10,000 students, compared to the 
25,000 once expected. She would like to see the surplus land 
turned into campgrounds, or a trailer park where students 
could live " for next to nothing." She suggests that some of the 
land could be set aside for large-scale gardening. Many of the 
old quonset huts on Matthews campus stand virtually unused : 
Diddo is investigating the possibility that they could be fixed up 
and left open at night, so that visit.ors to UCSD could crash 
there. 

triton ·ti 
Volume 12, Number 13 University of California, San Die,o Tuesday, February 16, 1911 

Mary Avery 
Terminated 
By Stewart 

Insurance Salesmen Charged with 
High Pressure, Misrepresentation 

John Zoller 
Staff Writer 

MII'YC. Avery, academic assistant to the Muir 
provost, has been notified that her employment 
will terminate on JlJle 30. Miss Avery has held 
her jXlst since shortly after the college opened in 
1967. She said she was "very slJ'prised" to learn 
of the termination. 

In a letter to Miss Avery explaining the ter-
mination, Muir Provost John Stewart wrote that 
she had administrative shortcomings in dealing 
with some academic departments and with 
certain "prickly persons." In general, Stewart 
indicated he felt that Miss Avery was spending 
too much time counseling students and too little 
time on academic projects which he considered 
an esS8ltial part of her job. 

Stewart also said that he plans to hire a deputy 
provost, who would teach half-time, to handle the 
administrative end of Miss ~very's former post. 
He would then seek a person "holding a much 
lower rank" to assume responsilility for 
academic comseling. 

"SltuaUon ..• of Loag StaDdlng" 
Stewart has declined to make any verbal 

comment on the termination, indicating that he 
wanted to protect Miss Avery's reputation, but 
has sutmitted to a short statement to the 
TIMES, which is reprinted on page 5. In the 
statement he says that the "situation leading to 
this outcome is of long standing. Miss Avery 
knows my views, as we have had a number of 
frank talks over the past year." 

Miss Avery, in a much looger statement also 
reprinted on page 5, maintains that "Provost 
Stewart did not conununicate to me until he told 
me of my termination how strongly he felt about 
the way I was spending my time." She estimates 
that she spends 95 per cent of her time "either in 
straightforward academic coWlseling or in 
related services for individual students. 

"Because I have tried to fulfill this role (as 
coWllleior)," her statement continues, "and to 
fulfill it well, it is difficult for me to accept or 
fully IJlderstand the reasons stated for my 
termination." 

Acx:ording to the job description, writtfn 
before the college opened, the academic 
assistant has a diverae Bet of dltiea, inchli~ 
counseling, long-range academic plami~, plus 
whatever administrative projects (frosh 
oriertation is III eumple) the provost might 
assl". Mila AVfIlY 11)'1 that wh .. 1he came to Mlir in 

Mary Avery 

1967, there were 415 students and her job was 
quite manageable. But now that Muir has grown 
to lliO student9, she says it is "impossible for 
one person to carry out effectively the wide-
ranging responsibilities that were assigned me 
in 1967." 

Job Descriptions "Updated" 
In December, dwing an efficiency evaluation 

of the Provost's Office, Stewart promised the 
entire staff that their job desa-iptions would be 
updated in light of the college's development. 
Miss Avery said she was "greatly relieved" 
when she heard this; bli now that the new plans 
are formulated, they do not include a cOWlselor 
of her rank. 

Use of an academic counselor of lower rank in 
Miss Avery's opinion, "might jeopardize the 
services which have been available to students. 
In a residential college, especially one with the 
mmber of options available in the Muir College 
clJ'riculwn, the importance of careful academic 
coWlSeiing should not be IIIderestimated." 

Miss Avery holds a master's degree from 
Stanford University in coWlseling and stlllent 
persoMel administration. She has dooe ad-
ditiooal post-graduate work at Stanford in 
counseling psychology. Before coming to U~D, 
she held administrative positions at Skidmore 
O>llege, Stanford, Browne University, and 
Scriws College at aalremont. 

Of Stewart's five original assistants prestJIt 
at MuIr's opening in 11167, MlaI Avffty was the 
_t remaining. ElrUfft this year AlIII Bat-
chelder, also on the original staff, was ter-
minIted II college dean. 

Fronk Phil/ips 
Stoff Writer 

Charges of high-pressure 
selling and misrepresentation 
have been leveled against an 
organization called the Student 
Economic Association . The 
multi -purpose organization, 
which has been soliciting 
members at UCSD, has been 
charged with "misrepresen-
tatioo of facts" by Dean of 
Student Affairs Willie &nith. 
Muir College Resident Assistant 
Rick Bayer told the TRITON 
TIMES that he has received 
several complaints from 
students about high-pressure 
selling of insurance policies by 
representatives of the SEA. 

According to Dean Smith the 
SEA began selling mem-
berships on campus during the 
Fall Quarter. SEA represen-
tatives were telling students 
that their operations were 
sanctioned by the UCSD ad-
ministration, which &ruth says 
is a "inisrepresentation of the 
facts." Smith says that he had 
never heard of the organization 
and told them to end their on-
campus solicitation. The SEA 
was told they could contact 
students by telephone and then 
make personal visits, which is 
the method the organization is 
now using. 

"Wide-Ranging" 
Services Offered 

Ben Bennett, San Diego 
manager of the Student 
Economic Association, told the 
TRITON TIMES that his 
organization offers a wide 
range of student-oriented 
services for a $5 per- year 
membership fee. Bennett said 
the services include discoWlts 
on merchandise, assistance 
with ottaining short- and long-
term loans, and a lawyer 
reference service. He said that 
the SEA also offers a Ufe In-
surance progrll1l throU8h the 
Home Life InslJ'ance Company 

of New York. 
Bayer said that his contacts 

with the SEA have led him to 
the conclusion that "the 
organization is nothing more 
than a gimmick for selling life 
insurance." Bayer said that he 
was contacted by a salesman 
for the SEA by telephone. The 
representative asked for an 
appointment so that he could 
discuss the wide range of ser-
vices offered by the non-profit 
organization. When the 
representative came he 
discussed for a few minutes the 
discount program and other 
services, then went into a 
discussion of the benefits of life 
insurance. 

An investigation by the 
TRITON TIMES has revealed 
that many other students have 

had similar experiences with 
the Student Economic 
Association . SEA Manager 
Bennett admitted that the 
organization's non-profit , atus 
only applies to services other 
than life insurance. Bennett 
said that SEA representatives 
make their money primarily by 
selling insurance. 

A Persistent Organization 
Bayer said that the thing 

which upset him most about the 
SEA was their persistence. 
When Bayer told the SEA 
representative that he was not 
interested in joining, the 
representative demanded to 
know why. SEA Manager 
Bennett denied any high-
pressuring. Bennett said, "We 

(Continued on page 2) 

;rS:M·C·:·:t;:·:D·i;;;:;tD:;~:ft:::T:d;;:::::::·:: 
;::: The tudent Mobilization want to register." It a k ;::: 
:::: ommittee at UC D i tho e who cannot attend the ;::: 
;::: planning a " non-violent demonstration to write . or ;::: 
:::: disruption of the an Diego telephone th~ board , cau mg :::: 
:::: Draft Board for the entire the secretane to have to :::: 
;::: week of Feb. 16-19," today re pond to .Ietter or tying up :::: 
:::: through Friday, " in r pon e telephone line . :::: 
:::: to the escalation in Lao ." An M poke man ,:::: 
:::: At 10:30 toda they are however, said " We would like :::: 
:::: cheduling 'a ma ~veryone to be p acef~l : thi :::: 
:::: convergen e on the elective I a . non - v I 0 len t :::: 
:::: ervice office located at demon tratlOn. No dop . no :::: 
:::: Park and Univer ity in North booze, no trouble:" Th ;::: 
:::: Park. leaflet add . "We Will make :::: 
:::; leaflet di tributed by U" of the draft board 's:::; 
:::: M entitled .. crew b.lreaucracyand hut it down.;::: 
:::; on cription " suggest T.li m thod ha been tned :::: 
;::: activities p opJe can engage u'::ce full in work and ;::: 
:::; in at the board." k to e ./ ral other Ea t rn ciUe ,:::: 
:::: your file ... bring in an thin forcing draft board th re to :::: 
:::: which you f I i pertin nt to hut down for a 10 as thre :::: 
:::; your ca . Thi might includ day . :::: 
:::: uch thing a a tat m n of Th I aflet al indicate :::: 
:::; your feeling again t th war, tht durin th rf'ffiaind r of:::: 
:::: a roll of toilet paper, a dead th week " M i planmh" to:::: 

~:: i h, a marbl " have at I a t 20 peopl per .::: 
:::: Th I afJ t ugg t that hour at th draft board ." It:::: 
:::: women, " proclaiming lhe a k 0 volunt r to ign:::: 
:::: army to be a xi t up for h ur at a tabl in :::; 
:::: in Utution," can " in i t lh R v lle Plaza :::: 
.:~~~:=:::::::::::::!:::::::::~:~:::::~;:::;::::!:::~:::::::::~:~:::::::::~:::::::::::::::::::.:::::::::::::~:::::::::::::::.:::::::::.:.:~:: 



FederaUy Insured Loon 
Called Aid Alternative 
The Financial Aids Office, anticipating ctt-

backs in funding next year, is trying to alert 
students to the Federally Inslred Student Loan 
(FlSL) as an alternative form of financial 
assistance. 

Under the federally insW'ed loan a stlllent 
may borrow up to $1500 a year from his own 
bank, and the federal' government will pay the 
interest on the loan while the student is in school. 

To be eligible for this loan, an applicant's 
"adjl&ed family inrome" (gross income minus 
10 per cent minus $600 times a number of 
exemptions) must be under $15,000, and the 
student or his parents must bank at a par-
ticipating bank. CurrenUy this list inclllles Bank 
of America, Bank of California, SecW'ity Pacific, 
United California Bank and Wells Fargo. 

AD of the these institutions require a 
meaningful banking relationship \ (usually a 
mecking accomt ) for at least six months. 
Estimates for processing this loan vary from lix 
to ten weeks. The Financial Aids Office advises 
very strongly that students who may neoo to 

oltaln 10l1li III lOIJle thne In tbeIr academJc 
ca'eers bank where such a service is provided, 
beginning as soon as pouible. 

The FlSL is available to fun.&le students who 
are citl.zena or nationals of the United States, or 
to perlOlls wOO .. e In the United Qates fir other 
than tempor .. y PlrpOses and intend to berome 
permanent residents. 

Stlllents may borrow up to $1500 over the 
academic year subject to bank policy, with a 
total maximum of $7500 for all years in school. 
The federal government pays the full interest (I) 
the loan, calculated at seven per cent per an-
num, until nine months after the student leaves 
school. Repayment, including interest, starts at 
that time, with modest monthly payments which 
may generally be deferred if you are serving 
with the Armed Forces, the Peace Corps or 
VISta DW'ing sum periods of defennent. the 
fooeral government will rontinue to pay the 
interest if the "adjusted" family income is under 
$15,000. 

The Financial Aids Office feels that this loan 
be clI'efully considered by all students requiring 
some financial assistance, as the office has 
received indications that federal aid next year 
may be considerably less than anticipated, 
especially in the 'area of National Defense 
Student Loans. Loan counseling and FISL ap-
plications may be obtained at the Financial Aids 
Office, 250 Matthews Campus. 

MEeHA S'cholarship Symposium 
Thursday at noon Revelle Plaza JVilI be the 

stage for a symposium put together by UCSD 
MErnA. According to Felipe Zatarain, handling 
MErnA communications, it will deal with the 
literary, cultW'al, and social contributions of the 
Qlicano. LOnations will be sought at the per· 
formance in order to fund a new MECHA 
scholariDip program for OIicano students in-
terested in <bing extra-cW'ricular community 
work. 

The symposium will have guest speakers 
Bobby Parra, Jorge Gonzales, and AiW'ista , who 
will present their views on the literary and 

World Servic.e 
through the 

Power of Thought 

cultlral contributions of the Chicano. There will 
8iso be performances by the Ballet Folkl(l'im de 
Atzland (dancers) and the Theatro Quinto 
Sol. Both of these groups are heavily composed 
of UCSD Qlicano students and have been under 
the direction of Esmeralda ~ique · 

The scholarship program is the loea of Juan 
wpez, who sees it as a way of dealing with the 
growing University cutbacks in aid for OIicano 
students with financial needs. Depending on its 
success MECHA has plans for similiar programs 
in the futW'e. There will also be a tamale sale 
dlring the perfonnance. 

Life permils - the svnlhesized application of the harmonious interplay of those forces and , elnerOleS, 
Wh ich will result in that amelioralive eKternalization ollhe Will ·to·Good necessary 10 the responslb e Imlts 

. of Humanity'S sphere 01 inlluence on this globe, al this tlme~O!Ice. Precluding and therefore co .. xistent 
wilh the above, there must be the educated awareness among men and women of goodwill thai '1rue Love is 
not the application 01 superficial conditions lor the comlorl of Ihe oblecl of Ihat love, but that lar·seeing 
wisdom wh ich seeks to keep alive in the obiect of that love those sensillvilies and, therelore, in part, the 
administrable Initiation 01 those conditions wh ich will guarantee safe progress." And, if you help to rescue 
Human ity , do you not help Ie resuscitate certain other Kingdoms in Nature? 

Immediately tangent, or should we say, aspecting the above is the prismatic faCllhat because Of the in· 
creasing inlluenceoflhe Aquarlan Age, the "speed 01 change demands workers"who will invesl in the 'will · 
to-Iune in' and who "are able to co-operate with the underly ing spiritual progress of today's events and nOt1le' 
crUShed or rendered futile by them" and, II Is humbly added, not allow the crystallization of traditional 
thought processes to hinder the inllux 01 spirltuallorces precipitating throughoul the human kingdom ; for -
il is understood that "the blocking of the free flow 01 the IIle of the soul will ultimately produce dis .. ase ." Is 
this cond ition not with you on all levels? Great Is the testing of your moral fiber at this time. II is the 
emerging reflective motif of the soul; it is your intrinsic, subiectlve "calling" to "move with the strong 
currenlof creative workers into the new ageol right human relat ions." 

You are humbly urged 10 consider the follow ing potenl facts, 
Lucero 

Men have the power, through focussed un ited invocat ion to affect worldi!vents. The massed thoughl power 
of the men and women of goodwill can create a channel of communication between "God" and. man through 
Wh ich spiritual ~ can flow to heal and rebuild a troubled world. II Is th is power, properly used and 
directed, that c~umanitv's "saving force" . 

For a number of years Triangles has been working to mobil ize and unite the thoughl power of men and 
women of gOOdwill. The method Is very simple. Three people agree to unite mentally each day to invoke the 
power of light and goodwill in service to humanity. They form a triangle, the universal symbol of divi nity . 
Each member of a triangle can form other triangles, and in this way a network of enlightened thought and 
goodwill encompasses Ihe earth. The network of tr iangles thus formed : -

.. provides a channel for the circu:allon of constructive thought 

.. is a means Of tranSform Ing the spiritual Climate olthe planet 
.. . is a medium for the distr ibut ion of spiritual energies, lifting and transforming human life and 
consciousness . 

Today men and women of goodwill of every religion and philosophy, and every race and pol ilical con . 
viction , are working in the Tr iangles network, finding a unity in prayer and invocation that transcends all 
differences of outer belief. Will you find two others to ioin with you In this world service? 

The world has a spiritual destiny. Behind evolution there is an abiding purpose, WhiCh we can call the Plan 
of God. The divine Plan can only work out through humanity. EaCh of us is responsible for understanding It, 
and for doing all we can in our da ily living to express its meaning and significance. 

TRIANGL.ES 

THE GREAT INVOCATION 
... embodi~s these thoughts in a dynamic way, and is used every day by Triangles members as a world prayer . 

From tt e point Of Light within Ihe Mind of God 
Lellif hI tream forth into Ihe minds of men . 

Let Light descend on Earlh. 
From the !,oiril 01 Love within the Heart of God 

Let L ,ve stream lorth Into the hearts of men . 
Ma ' Christ return 10 Earth. 

From tt~ centre where tlia Will 01 God Is known 
Let PI rplse guide the little WIllS of m.il-

The pu'rpose which the Maslers know and serve. 
From !P.e centre which we call the race 01 men 

Let lte Pilln of Love and Light work out. 
Anc m,v it sullhe door where evil dwells. 

LeI Lillflt ,nd Love and power restore the Plan on Earlh. 
The beaut) and slrength ollhls invocation ties In its Simplicity, and In lis expression 01 cerlain truthS wh iCh 
all men inrately and normally accept. Many religions believe In a World Teacher, knowing him under SUCh 
names as The Lord Maitreye, Krishna, Iman Mahd l and the MeSSiah and these terms are used in some 
Hindu, MuSlim, Buddhisl and JewiSh versions olthe Greallnvocalion. 

American Headquarlers 
... Uniled Nal ions Plata 
Suite 566·1 
New York, N. Y. 
U.S.A. 10011 

lor lurther inlormation 5. prayer manlrans write to 
WORLD GOODWILL- TRIANGLES 

International Headquarters 
235 Flnchley Road 
Hampslead 
London, N.W. 3., U.K. 

Page 2 Triton Times February 16, 1971 

European HI.dqUirters 
1 rue de V.rembe (3.) 
CUI posl.le 2. 
1211 Oen.va 20 
Swihtrl.nd 

Salesmen ... 
(Coalmued from pale 1) 

don't high-pressure anyone, 
that's what we are trying to get 
away from," 

Bayer told the TRITON 
TIMES that he feels students 
should be aware of the fact that 
the SEA is primarily interested 
in selling life inSW'ance. The 
San Diego Better Business 
Bureau said that they have no 
infonnation on the Student 
Economic Association. Students 
who feel they have been misled 
by representatives of the SEA 
may complain to the Better 
Business Bureau at 4310 Orange 
Avenue in San Diego. 

Augusto-Jockson 
Fund Nets $1 ,665 

The Augusta-Jackson 
Fund , established to aid the 
families of the victims of last 
May's killings in those cities, 
has been terminated, re-
ported Third College Provost 
Joseph Watson. In a letter 
sent last month to Chancellor 
York , to BSU and to Gabriel 
Jackson, Chairman of the 
Academic Senate, Watson 
reported that "a total of 
$1 ,665.45 was collected from 
all sources," including class-
room contributions, de-
partment contributions and 
contributions obtained by 
students canvassing the 
campus. 

" The closest surviving re-
latives of the deceased (wife, 
parents, siblings ) were con-
tacted through the local 
NAACP offices in Augusta 
and Jackson. On September 
30, 1970, seven checks of 
$208.30 each and one for 
$208.35 were mailed to the 
closest relatives of the de-
ceased. 

Eight Slated for Foreign Study 
C/ill Posl 

SIal/ Wriler 

Eight students have been selected to study in England next 
year stated Bill Lynch, coordinator of the Education Abroad 
program, at an interview Thursday. He added that the names 
of those chosen to study in other countries would be made 
public in ·the next few days. The students must first be 
approved by the main office at UC Santa Barbara. 

The students who will be going to England from UCSD are 
Mirko Nikolic, Thomas Baker, David Marcus, Mary Huxley , 
Jesse Quinsat, John Casten, Mark Trilling, and Joseph 
Eastern. 

Persons planning to study abroad must have 1) a g.p.a. of at 
least 2.75 (3.0 for the British Isles ) and 2) at least be a 
sophomore at the time of application. Those applying to 
campuses in France, Germany, and Spain must have achieved 
a language equivalent to Literature 10 and 11 in that respective 
language. The program is designed for people to go abroad in 
their junior year. However , Lynch emphasized, exceptions are 
made. 

"The main thing is not to stereotype the program or the 
students . It is really a University of California honors program 
where students are treated as individuals with individual 
reasons for going abroad." In one instance, Lynch " rooted for 
a girl with a 2.9 average who wanted to go to England to study a 
period of Englishliteratu~ethat she just could not study here." 

Lynch went on to add that the selection process here differed 
from that of the larger schools in that the selection committee 
makes four interviews with the individual applicants before 
reaching a final decision. ]n addition to himself, the committee 
is composed of three professors: Dr. Cespedes, Chairman of 
the history department, Dr. Newmark, Chairman of the 
linguistics department, and Dr. Alazraki , a member of the 
literature department. 

The participating campus in Paris, France accepts graduate 
students only. Other campuses will review graduate 
applications on an individual basis. The Paris campus is also 
unique in that the term lasts two quarters. Terms at the other 
campuses last a scholastic year. 

Bill Lynch then summed up by saying that he recommended 
that any freshman student who is thinking of applying to the 
program should drop into his office at 250 Matthews Campus 
and find out what requirements must be met. 

Any applicants to the program who are turned down are 
directed to other foreign study programs. A year of study in a 
foreign country costs about the same as a year at UCSD. 

PSIls 
ucSan 

lnalesalds COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. IS1 tliileS a_ 

That"s how many times PSA 
connects San Diego with Los 

Angeles, Hollywood· 
Burbank, Ontario, 

Long Beach, Oak· 
land, San Francisco, 

Sacramento, and San Jose. 
With lowesl air fares . Meet 

your campus rep 
halfway. Or you r 
travel agent. Or PSA. :w-syau 

PAM BlNKERD / 488-1393 

PACIFIC HONDA w.. ....... 
....... 0. ... 

Pacific H onda-1277 Garnet 
272-5511 

PAYS DONORS 
for services 
Tues. thru Sat. 

233 - 8328 

laJoUa 
'i4nrtli 
tlarktt' 

2Z59 Aftbldl DE LA PLA VA. 

PIIone 459 - 34C5 

G",.".s, 
"'~"" 
••• 's, 

W, •• & I •• , 

Interview with Sum Hinton 

U( Administrator Sings Across US 
Barbaro Simon 

Stall Writer 

" What are you, a well-known folk singer, ooing 
in lIliversity administration?" was the first 
question asked of Sam Ennton in an interview in 
his small office on the Matthews Campus. 

Hinton, assistant director of relations with 
schools (a university-wide office), answered that 
"making a living as a folk singer is neither 
feasible nor enjoyable." 

Soon after Hinton entered Texas A & M Uni· 
versity, he realized that the type of singing he 
enjoyed during his childhood was -called folk 
music. At college he began teaching himself to 
play the guitar . In 1936 Hinton bought the guitar 
he still uses. ' 

His only road tour as a folk singer occured 
after Hinton finished two years at Texas A & M. 
The 4ktate singing tour was enough to send him 
bac k to smoo I. 

Hinton continued his education at UCLA, 
majoring in 7.001ogy. While attending high school 
and college, he supported himself with art work 
and sign painting. 

One reason that he qualified for the position of 
director of the aquarium-museum at Scripps 
Institute of Oceanography, says Hinton, was that 
he was a "zoologist who knew art." He was a~e 
to design exhibitions at the museum. 

Hinton began working as direct(l' of the 
Scriws aquarium in 1944. Several years later he 
was asked by a friend, who heard him sing at a 
party, ~ make a record. 

"Talking Atomic Blues," Hinton's first single, 
came ott in 1950 as a result of the request. Hinton 
says that the thrust of songs dW'ing the time 
"Talking Atomic Blues" was written was that all 
nations should work together, especially within 
the United Nations. 

"People of the world must decide their fate, _ 
They've got to stick together or disintegrate." 

Song Branded SUbversive 
The song was interpreted by some people to be 

subversive. Hinton was labeled a communist 
sympathizer and RED CHANNELS, a puliica-
tion, called for blacklisting him. "Talking 
Atomic Blues" gave Hinton a "reputation for 
being more radical than ] am," he says. 

"We hold these truths to be self1!vident, 
That all men may be crl!Tlated equally." 
What was the consequence of the reaction to 

"Talking Atomic Blues?" Hinton says that the 
record was taken out of circUlation, but that the 
troulie never affected his position regarding 
music . 

Hinton sang "Talking Atomic Blues" again at 
the Newport, Rhode Island Folk Festival in 1964. 
He remembers clearest the last line of the /ling : 

"Peace in the world, or the world in pieces." 
Bob Dylan, Joan Baez, Pete Seeger and others 
appeared at the 1964 Newport Folk Festival with 
Hinton, who recalls that everyone sang "This 
Land is Your Land" on stage together as a finale. 

Imton participates in folk festivals on the 
West Coast as well as in the Eastern u.s. For the 
past 13 years, he has been master of ceremonies 
at the Berkeley Folk Festival. 

AD SALESMEN NEEDED 
., see Jeff Fried 

TRITON TIMES OFFICE 

The serond major question of the interview 
with Hinton was, "How did you go from director 
of Scriws aquarium 00 assistant direct(l' of 
relations with schools for the University of 
California?" 

Hinton explains that one of his responsibilities 
at Scripps was to meet with visiting smool 
grol4ls. When the position in the office of 
relations with schools opened in 1964, Hinton 
qualified for the job and was happy for a chCllge. 

HInton: Singing Administrator 
One aspect of Hinton's job involves visits to 

high schools and junior colleges to counsel 
students and advisors on admission and general 
education requirements at the University of 
California campuses. He usually combines a folk 
music concert with cOlllseling visits. The con· 
cert comes first "to Ireak the ice," says Hinton. 

Everyone who has attended a Sam Hinoon 
concert knows that a history lesson in folklore 
comes along with the music. Hinton says that his 
interest in folklore developed when he began 
teaching folk music through UC Extension in 
1948. 

Hinton has become a scholar in folklore and 
American History. Not only has he written ar-
ticles on the subject but also has taught folklore 
for both UC Extension and UCSD. 

His interests led to an appointment on a panel 
of experts which advises the U.S. Department of 
State on folk music performers sent abroad in 
cultlral1!xchange programs . The position on the 
panel requires a trip to Washingoon, D.C., 
several times a year for Hinton. 

Although Hinton describes himself as a 
"homebody ," he obviously spends much time 
traveling. His secretary, Jeanne Smith, in the 
oftice of relations with schools says that to 
"describe Hinton as busY is an understatement." 

To Serve and to Share 
Part of Hinton 's marm is that in spite of a 

hectic schedule, his interaction with everyone 
shows a desire both to serve and to share his 

knowledge. 
This quarter, Hinton shares his love of biciogy 

with UC Extension students. Ens course tiUe is 
"The NatW'al History of the Southern Callf(l'nia 
Shore." 

Dr. Martin OJamberlain, Director of UC 
Extension at UCSD, writes in the Spring 1!Yl0 
catalog of Hinoon's contributions of time and 
talent 00 San Diego. He says that "the man who 
wrote about the 'Jack-of-all-trades and master of 
none' hadn't met Sam Hinoon." 

Since 1957 Hinton has written a weekly featW'e 
on marine biology for the SAN DIEGO UNION. 
The feature is called "the Ocean World." 

Hinton's third book was recently publishoo by 
the University of California Press. The title is An 
Introduction to the Animal Ufe of California 
Beaches South of Santa Barbara. Hinton did all 
of the drawings and took the color photographs 
whim appear in the paperback. 

Concern with Ecology 
As the po&ers in his office indicate, Hinton is 

concerned with ecology. One poster reads "I 
would rather be a forest than a street," under a 
pictW'e of a Torrey Pine. Another poster an· 
nounces Ecology Action, which was held last 
April. Hinton speaks and expresses regret over 
the fact that many people take the seashore life 
home with them. 

Hinton, his wife and daughter live in a muse 
which they are still finishing in La Jolla. He says 
that his wife leslie ( an artistic potter ) taught 
him all that he knows fonnally about music. 

His son Matt has retW'ned from the U.S. O:last 
Guard and lives in the San Diego area with his 
wife and daughter while attending UCSD. It was 
Matt who did the story and took the pictW'es for 
the article on the La Jolla Cove coast walk which 
was featured last week in the TRI'IDN TIMES. 

Hinton lI'oudly announces that ee l have the 
most beautiful granddaughter in the world." It is 
evident that Hinton shares his love of folk music 
and biology with love for his family . 

EUROPE - ISRAEl - EAST AFRICA 
FRONTIER 

(with Wayne Smith) 
and also 

* Student trovel discounts 
* Official SOFA agent for over 2000 inter-European student 
charter flight 
* International Student 10 cord 

If 
,.. .. , let ............... ,y,1es 

_~ • ...,..r.,. 
r-----~ .. --. r- ... It.t. 

.. _ I & ~peutlc 

1M 'n/IAnt 
.s.,'6~ 

~SNIIP' • 
71»12.0 

The Smith Family 
* 2 month student Euroilpass S 125 
* 3 weeks comping in Russia and Czechoslovakia $156 
* 5 weeks camping in Spoin, Portugal and Morocco 5230 
* London·Capetown 7 week African Safari 5641 WATERBEDS ,-' .... --,.. .... h~r .... -~..,,.. 

No phone (ails ~:¥ " Admission $2.50 Fri.-Sat .-S~n.-open 8 p.m. CONT ACT: lSCA l. A. Calif. 90049 (213) 826-5669 Stop in and see John 
PAC)r~C 

YAMAKA 

AIR fRAJI1ES 

~~G $5500 
.... """'1, .n ..... St.., 

The 1V atemole 

IS 
SUPERB! 

• .......-Ly ....... 
.-w_. 
.1 .... &.-

.".\i·_ .... nI~ 
~;il_- ..... au. ~I· 

-Vlftcortl CMoIIp. H. Y. TI_ 
A fIlM ., lUIS BU~UEl 

.. ~ 
CATHERINE DENEUVE 

FRANCO NERO lIige 

If you can drive it, 
we'll insure it 

for less. 
No matter what you drive - from a conservative Volkswagen to a radi-

cal hot rod - we can save you money on your car insurance. 
College Student Insurance Service has been working with the Auto 

Insurance Industry for 5 years to prove that college students deserve 
lower rates on their car insurance. Now, if you're an Associated Student 
member, you can get Group Discounted Auto Insurance at an average sav· 
ings of 48% in Calitornla. Plus, you can continue your coverage aller 
you're out of school. 

For a personal quote, call CSIS today. 

We feel that you shouldn't have to pay more to insure your car than you 
did to buy it. 

5090 College Ave. 
583·9393 

C.S.I.S. We're on ,our slcle. 

11687 San Vicente Blvd. 114 

Triton Times Februlry 16, 1971 Pige 3 



The opinion. IIp-''sed on "'-.. pages oro tho .. of the authors who .. nome. appear in th~ byli .... and do not nece.· 
"'rily reflect the view. of the TRITON TIMES. Anyo ... d .. i ri~g to .ubmil material 10 be publIShed on thew page •• hould 
.. nd il to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Bloke Hall. UCSD. 

Opinion 

Render Unto Cesar? Si! 
Joe s. Bain II 

I am writing to comment on one of the articles 
in DIMENSION, Feb. 3 issue : "Rendering Unto 
Little Cesar." In my opinion, it stood out from 
the rest of the features in that issue because, 
while the other articles drew upon substantive . 
data to effectively support the viewpoints taken, 
"Render" relied on a much ' less evenly 
documented attack. 

In the section entitled, "Lost in the Fields," 
they attempt to establish an argwnent that the 
fann workers were better off without Chavez. 
That he "had other friends, powerful friends in 
the citadels of Eastern liberalism" is un-
deniable; but the question is whether Chavez 
was using his outside contacts for good or for 
corrupt and bad ends. And when you say that 
<llavez did not succeed, despite AFL-CIO sup-
port , in recruiting vast numbers of farm workers 
to his cause, this is also true. But one must look 
more deeply into the situation and the statistics 
than you do to draw accurate conclusions about 
Chavez' relation to the plight of the migrant 
workers in the Central Valley. 

First, DIMENSION observes that, "according 
to the Department of Agriculture, farm workers 
in California average composite earnings of $1.69 
per hour, the highest in the nation," preswnably 
to undermine the argwnent that they are 
economically disadvantaged. But the average 
figure - even if we asswne that Agriculture's 
incomplete sampling is valid-<loes not account 
for the vast nwnbers of orange, olive, walnut, 
apple, cherry (etc. etc.) pickers who are paid by 
the piece - not by the hour. The other statement 
about "hourly rates (not counting piece rates) " 
implies that hourly rates are more common, and 
that piece rates, when paid, supplement them. 
How clever of DIMENSION! They must know 
that the hourly rates they so glibly cite-what 
Olavez has been struggling to guarantee all 
along-are very much the exception to the ~~e 
among Chicano labor in the valley ; and this IS 
the reason that the "family of four" weekly wage 
means so little for the majority of Chicanos: 
their earnings are contingent on how fast and 
how weU a given family member works, Dot how 
much (how many hours) he works. And 
variations in weather conditions, for example 
the almost yearly heavy rains and flooding, can 
leave all families (i.e. all families wtthout UDlOD 
membership) without money for weeks, 
regardless of how many good workers a family 
may have." 

The facile "laissez faire " argument for 
migrant workers, supported by quotes from 
grape pickers like George Aglipoy (" .. .I lost my 
freedom and make less money") and biB 
"relative" Bea Aglipoy (Come on, DIMENSION, 
couldn't you find someone from another family 
to complain?) doesn't hold up : Their quotes 
represent only the embittered comments of those 
Chicanos too individualistically selfish to 
recognize the benefit which the UFWOC would 
bring to the majority of families in thevalley.U 
DIMENSION endorses this kind of materialistic 
self-interest, fine; but is this kind of egotistic 
corruption preferable to the comparatively mild 
corruption-by-association of a Chavez who is 
genuinely working for the interests of all the 
farm workers-{)r, perhaps we should say, all 
those except the minority who, resisting him, are 
selling out Oil the rest of the rural Chicanos? 

The article says "the grape picker is for the 
first time completely at the mercy of the grower 
where his job security is concerned." Just the 
reverse is true ! Before the union , the grape 
picker was (as all the other San Joaquin Valley 
fruit pickers still are) at the mercy of the 
grower. Now the situation is starting to even out. 
You only have to look at . the years-long 
resistance of the growers to Chavez to see in 
what direction things have been going. Of course 
Chavez picked the most secure, highest-paid 
pickers to unionize first : he's a shrewd 
politician, and he knew that in Delano he '! get 
more support from those Chicanos who were at 
least making enough money to have the time and 
leisure to listen to his argument for the unions . 
That he has not had more success in unionizing 
workers is only an iliustration of the vise-like 
grip which growers have on the Chicanos-fue 
growers who, except among the UFWOC, have 
all the control over the labor-rnanagement 
relations, including the power to pay piece rates , 
to slack off on maintenance of health standards 
in the fields (which is why the CRLA made them 
so uncomfortable ), and to pit one ethnic group 
against another (or did you know that the 
growers' latest pet project is hiring the Arab 
farm worker?) 

A laissez faire utopia may be pleasant to 
contemplate, but in the Central 'Valley as it is 
today it appears that Mexican-Americans 
would do better to "Render Unto Little Cesar" 
than to render, as they have until recently, unto 
the "Father," the grower. 

triton tiIlles 
Editor-in-Chier . . Haywood Gammon. 
Ci ly Editor ........ Carl eiburger 
Managing Edilor ...... Mike Klayer 
Copy Ed itor .. ... . . Chu ck Gra ham 
Business Manager .. . .... JeH Fried 
Editorial Director .. Raoul Co ntreras 
A ociale ity Editor ... Owcn Joyner 

Molly 'e lvin 
Arl Editor ... . . .. .. Terry Barak 

ISports Editor ...... . Rocky Halfon 
Photograp 1y Edi tor .. .. John Zaller 

Newl Depa.tment 
Ro •• De co.to 
Rod Lorang 
Robert Mill •• 
John Zoller 
Ed 80yle 
Juliano Cinque 
Bobbi. Fink 
Bruce Morden 
frank Phillip. 
Cliff Posl 
Kathy Ru.1 
Barba.a Simon 
Jeff G.oham 
Don Greene 
Mike Rob.r" 
Paul T eyssier 
Roney Br •• ce 

Contribulors 
Sleye Landau 
Jim Sill. 
Arts Deporlment 
Tom Beer 
Joy GilieHe 
Larry John.on 
Sargun Tont 
Ken Sornes 
Carrie Rickey 
Artisls 
Sarah McKenna 

Pholography 
Jan Fronek 
MaH Hinton 
Aelvertiling 
Deportmenl 
Ma.k Trilling 
Susan Cod •• 
Molly Selvin 

Secr.lariat SloH 
Sieve Cohen 

Allan Sekula Sheila Calhoun 
George Salani Copy Department 
Ass' l Monog ing Ed. Debbie Montgomery 
Joe Ea.tern Glena Schroeler 
Co my Sharick 
Produclion 
Oove Buchbinder 

The TIlTON TIMES i. oBoe,aliy .Ololl,,; •• d or" '''pport.d a. a .tudenl new.paper by Ih~ C~mmunication • . 8o~.d 
of th. Uniye . iIY of Califor nia, Son Diego. Building 250, MaHhew. Campu •• La Jolla. Cal,forn,a 92037. PublICat,on 
i. Iwice weel y o n Tue.day. and Friday •. Office. are located in room 117. Blake Hall, on Ihe Reyelle Campu •. ~or 
Adyerl i.ing p hone .53 · 2000 ~ Xl 0 17 , for ed itorial or new. phone X1016. 

• 

Send letters to Editorial Dept. 

Page 4 Triton Times February 16,1911 

Opinion 

Vitamin C .Controversy 
James Hervey Johnson 

In recent weeks there has been considerable 
controversy over the benefits of vitamin C as a 
c\l'e for colds, which modern medical science 
has been lDIable to eliminate. Dr . Linus Pauling, 
not a medical ooctor, says .he cures his colds by 

takir~ massive ooses of the vitamin, and th~ by 
using it regularly prevents colds. He has wntten 
a best-selling book on the subject, and con-
sequently millions of Americzs have made a 
rill on the drug stores and bought all the 
available vitamin C. 

Natural health advocates, or natural 
hygieniests, are exacting realists. ~e ~ust m~ 
\lbat we are doing. We 00 not believe In magIC. 
We 00 not accept anything on faith or authority. 
We ooubt that taking vitamins will either cure or 
prevent colds. But we are always opEJI to a 
scientific test of any health subject. However, 
there is a vast difference between actual teSs 
and the alleged tests which are almost entirely 
propaganda. Our experience has been that 
alleged researchers often put on a big publicity 
canpaign to sellll)me "new discovery," which 
liter on proves to be a dismal fallure . The 
thalidomide tragedy is an example: thousands of 
children were born without anns or legs and 
horribly deformed as a result of the use of this 
destructive drug by gullible mothers, who had 
been led to believe that the drug would be 
beneficial. 

It's BelUo be Sure 
Where one's life and health are at stake, it is 

wise to be sure. Even a test on rats, mice or 
mmkeys is not always indicative of what a dr~ 
will do to humans. 

Of course, the individual could himself test 
whether vitamin Cwill cure colds or not . Let him 
get a cold, then try vitamin C. Then let him go 
without vitamin C the next cold and see \lbether 
the first method has eliminated the cold sooner. 
let him keep a record for a year to determine 
\lbether taking large doses of ' vitamin C has 
prevented his catching a co~d. Most !lIl<,>ple's 
memories are ~ort, and a written record IS the 
best way to know about your health, 

The natural health !lystem is to find out what 
causes colds or any other iliness. Eliminating the 
cause is the first objective. We have proven to 
our satisfaction that the primary or essential 
cause of colds - and other sickness - is a toxic 
coodition, or buildup of uneliminated waste 
materials from the metabolism of the body. 
Eating too much rich food, lack of rest to give the 
body a chance to digest and assimilate the food, 
or enervation will bring on a cold, which we are 
coovinced is nature's way to get rid of the toxins 

MDRap 

llbich cause the trouble. Usually there is a loss of 
desire for mod - nature does not want to hzdle 
any more. 

Go to Bed .... DoD't Eat 

The natll' al health way is to stop eating for a 
few days, If) to bed, rest; and this system always 
works for us. Two or three days usually are 
sufficiert to start the cold victim on the way to 
recovery. Then several days on a limited amolllt 
of fruit juice and the victim is feeling better than 
ever again. Gorging on the juices delays com-
plete recovery. 

As far as vitamins are concerned, from the 
begirming we have believed in eating fre~ fruit, 
including lots of citrus fruit, and freah 
vegetables, which are supposed to be loaded with 
vitamins. This program was in effect with 
natural hygienists long before the word vitamin 
was coined. 

Nix OD PIlls 
We do not take any kind of synthetic chemical . 

U we tlxlugbt we needed vitamins we would not 
b~ them In a Sore. We would eat the food that 
contained them. Some health food stores sell 
what they call supplements. But suppement 
indicates an addition to a food that has been 
deprived of its natural food elements. We think It 
is silly to drink milk that has been, by 
processing deprived of its available natural 
benefits 0; vitamins and "fortified" with syn-
thetic chemicals. The same applies to \lblie 
bread, denuded of its delicious germ and skin, 
then "fortified" with chEmical additives . We lilre 
our milk fre~ - that is, unpasteurized. We like 
our grains whole. Both are much more delicious, 
and to us so are all natural foom, particularly 
when they are organically grown, on orgmicaUy 
enridled 9lil. 

We seloom have colds, and when we do we 
eliminate them in a few days, and we get our 
vitamins from the delicious1ruits and vegetables 
we eat. Pills, drugs, lOots, tonics, and their costs 
are not for us. We don't need them. None of us 
has invested in the greatly touted vitamin C, and 
even many prominent medical doctors not only 
disagree with the massive dosage program, but 
even warn of possible dangers of taking the 
chemicals. Drugs, chemicals, shots and medical 
fads come and go, while we enjoy excellent 
health without any of them. 

The young People's Natural Health Cub meets 
Satlrdays at a p.m. in the Revelle Formal 
Lounge . 

Effects of Noise Pollution 
MDRAP 

V. ROBERT ALLEN, M.D. 

Question : I'm curious 
what efJect, if any, being in 
a room for four or five hours 
four or five days a wee/( with 
the roar of a main air 
conditioning shaft that runs 
below the ceiling would have 
on one. 

Answer: The most im-
portant factor in deter-
mining whether a sound 
might have any effect on 
you is not how long you 
lis ten to it, but how loud it is. 
Loudness ( intensity) is 
measured in decibels (dB >' 

The critical intensity for 
sound is 85 dB . As long as a 
sound is less loud than 85 dB, 
no matter how long it lasts 
or what its frequency is, it is 
harmless. A noise level 
between 85 and 100 dB may 
harm the ears of a highly 
susceptible person after a 
long period of exposure. 
Noise levels above 100 dB 
may do permanent damage 

V. Robert Allen, M.D. 

after long exposure, and if 
the noise level gets as high 
as 130 dB, permanent 
damage may occur even 
after short exposures. 

It's not likely that an air 
conditioner is loud enoogh 

to be harmful, but since you 
probably don't have an 
audiometer for· measuring 
dB handy, I'll give you some 
comparisons and you can 
decide for yourself whether 
the noise you are listening to 
is too loud for your own 
good. 

A quiet San Diego neigh-
borhood (without traffic) 
has been recorded at about 
35 dB . The average 
residential area has a noise 
climate of about 50 dB. An 
electric dishwasher makes 
about 70 dB of noise and 
heavy traffic reaches 85. A 
jackhammer pounds out 
95dB and rock bands make it 
at 120! 

Since I've mentioned rock 
bands, I should add that 
recent studies suggest that 
rock musicians especially 
should be careful , as the 

sound of rock music coming 
out of the amps is intense 
enoogh to cause damage, 
although it may take five 
years or longer. In-
terestingly, Lipscomb at the 
University of Tennessee 
made guinea pigs listen 
repeatedly to rock music for 
two months. A t the end of 
that time, not only were the 
pigs grooving, they were 
deaf! The sound had 
produced irreversible 
destruction of the cochlea of 
the internal ear. 

••• 
Questions for MD Rap 

may be dropped in the box 
at the Student Health 
Center. 

SHS Note: If you have had 
a positive reaction to a 
tuberculosis skin test in the 
past, you should get a chest 
x-ray every year for your 
own protection. You can get 
one free at the San Dego 
County Health Center. Stop 
by at the Student Health 
Center for details. 

Fired: A Matter of Personal Concern 
Mary Avery 

Provost Stewart informed me on February 1, 1971, that he 
does not intend to rehire me for the coming academic year. 

Since I expect inquiries from the UCSD community, I want to 
make clear my position and feelings about this matter. I do not 
intend to be divisive, defensive or apologetic. However, I do feel 
it is appropriate and necessary to express myself about a matter 
of such concern and personal importance. 

been insensitive in dealing with, to Use his term, "prickly per-
sons." I am sure there are areas in which I could have worked 
harder in developing better interpersonal relations with some 
departments. However, I have cared deeply about Muir CoUege 
and I have tried to serve effectively. Provost Stewart feels that 
he needs a "different order of gifts embodied in a different 
person." 

Provost Stewart's Statement 
Next year Miss Mary 

Avery will not be a member 
of my staff. I know that this 
will come as a surprise to 
many, particula rly to those 
whom she has helped with 
counselling for which they are 

. gra teful. However , the 
situation leading to this 
outcome is one of long 
standing. Miss A very knows 
my views, as we have had a 
number of frank talks over 
the past year. The decision 

invol ved have been nei ther 
hasty nor . thoughtless. I 
regret that what we hoped 
would remain a private 
matter has become a topic of 
general discussion. I do not 
thi nk tha t Miss Ave ry, to 
whom I and John Muir 
College owe much, is well 
served by my making any 
further comment. 

John L. tewart Provost Stewart, or any other academic officer, has a right to 
determine the composition and duties of biB staff. Yet, an 
academic officer also has a responsibility to clarify such duties 
to his staff members and to deal with those members openly, 
honestly, and realistically. 

I finnly believe that a person with a background similar to 
mine in counseling psychology and student personnel ad- , .;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:;.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.;.:.:-:.:.:.:.;.: .. :-:.:.:.:.:.;:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.::.;.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. 
ministration is needed in the Muir Provost's Office. Such a 

A bit of background may clarify the matter. My job 
description was written three years ago when Muir CoUege had 
but US students. It was possible then for me to assist Provost 
Stewart in long range p1anning, curriculum evaluation, and the 

'. development of Muir CoUege programs in addition to working 
more directly with Muir students in an academic advising 
capacity. 

. I was greatly relieved to learn in September of 1970 that 
Provost Stewart planned to clarify his expectations of all 

. members of the Provost's staff so that each might realistically 
serve the needs of the present Muir student body now that the 
enrollment has increased to 1850. 

The increased enrollment has brought about concomitant 
changes in administrative needs and ideas. The present size of 
the CoUege makes it impossible for one person to carry out ef-
fectively the wide-ranging responsibilities which were assigned 
to me in 1967. 

The anticipated clarification of Provost's Stewart's ex-
pectations as to my responsibilities was not forthCOming. In the 
meantime, I have continued to provide serious academic 
counseling to increasing numbers of Muir students, many of 
whom Provost stewart was understandably too busy to see . 

, Provost Stewart did not communicate to me until he told me of 
: my termination how strongly he felt about the way I have been 
: spending my time. In brief, Provost Stewart feels that I have 
; spent too much time seeing students and not enough time in 
: assisting him with other tasks, 

In addition, he expressed disappointment in my handling of 
relations with some academic departments and feels that I have 

person's full time is needed to do academic advising, to arrange 
help for students in academic difficulty, to write recom-
mendations for graduate school, to assist students in their 
enrollment in classes each quarter , as well as to provide other 
innumberable academically related services which the students 
at Muir College have come to expect and rightfully deserve . 
Because I have tried to fulfill this role, and to fulfili it well , it is 
difficult for me to accept or fully understand the reasons stated 
for my tennination. 

Provost stewart is currently seeking a deputy Provost who 
will both teach half time and assist Provost Stewart, especially 
in the areas where I have been unable to help him. I agree that 
such a person is needed. However, I also strongly believe that 
Muir College students need and deserve a full time person in the 
Provost's Office to continue to provide the services which I have 
been providing. 

While Provost Stewart feels that it will be sufficient to hire a 
person "holding a much lower rank" to do the work I have been 
doing, I question this decision which might jeopardize the 
services which have been available to the students. In a 
residential coUege, especially one with the number of options 
available in the Muir College curriculwn, the importance of 
careful academic counseling should not be underestimated. 

In this statement I have not intended nor desired to increase 
acrimony, but I have simply wished to exercise a genuine 
openness of communication. 

Mary C. Avery 
Academic Assistant 

to the Provost 

Got Something To Say? 
TIle editorial pages of tbe TRITON TIMES are open to 

tbe entire University commuDity. U you feel tile paper Is 
too liberal or too conwrvative, wily DOt help to try and 
dlaage its direction. U you feel certain I.SIIes or 
viewpoiDts have bee. ignored or de-emphasized wby not 
express tbem your~lf. The TRITON TIMES seeks 
articles expressillg tbe view. of iDclividaals and 
organizatioDS, students and facuIty, aDd admiDistratioD 
aDd conceraed citizens. U you feel your writing ability is 
equal to some of our collmDists tbe opportuDity to 
CODtrihcJte on a regular basis is also opeD. All poteDtla1 
columnists sllould CODtaCt tbe editorial director; 
iDdividual articles of opinion should be sent or delivered 
to tbe same. How well we reflect tbe UDiversity caD be 
determiaed only througb feedback from our readers, 
You can and should criticize or commeDd any part of tbe 
paper througb letters-to-tbe-editor. 

Send letters 
and columns to 

Editorial Director; 

TRITON TIMES 
'1 17 Blake Hall 

UCSD 

HE GOLDEN OLDIE FILM SOCIET 

SAT. Feb. 20 

Feb. 27 

presents 

The February Festival 

Jiri Menzel's ' 

"Closely Watched Trains" 
plus Mel Brooks' 
"The Critic" 

(award winning short) 

"SPECIAL" 2 Shows Fe6. 20-7 and 9:15 p.m. 

Viva Max Time: 7 p.m. 
Peter Ustinov, Johnathan Winters Place: Sumner Aud. (Scripps) 

plus 
Laurel and Hardy 

"Two Tars" 
plus 

"Pigs is Pigs" 
and 

"Be'" & Me" 

Tickets available at the Urey Hall Box Office. 
-(( * -(( • -(( * 

Series tickets good for remaining (2) $1 .00. 
• * * -(( * -(( 

Individual tickets available at Urey and at the door. 

Triton Times February 16,1971 Page 5 



., 

SI.lll Srrti. 

Right-Wing Yippies Co-Opt Strike Meeting 
Dave Buchbinder 

Arts Writer 

When I entered Revelle Cafeteria last Wednesday to observe 
the activities of the latest in a series of nevero(!nding anti-war 
caucuses - this one to determine action in reaction to the 
Department of Defense's clD'rent adventlue into yet another 
nation's internal affairs - emotional state hovered on a bor-
derline between apathetic pessimism and! or a complete 
cynical rejection of the entire fete. Nevertheless, I decided to 
stay. 

The first thing that struck me physically as I entered the door-
way was a proliferation of what I asswned to be the usual "we 
are upset" leaflet. A closer glance thoroughly obliterated this 
assumption, as I discovered that besides the forc:.es of change 
being ' in abundance, the staff of a certain clI:ffipus 
journal of conservatism was abundant as well. Also In at-
tendance were several hundred people, something that shocked 
me considerably, since I had expected to ~ n~ more. present 
than 30 or 4() alienated souls. Apparently alienation, WIth all of 
its paranoid conceptions of reality, is back in vogue among us. 

Anyway, after everyone finally decided where they were 
going to sit down, the meeting began . A chairman was ~lected 
from the chair, cau$lg little concern from the floor, which for 
all practical purposes could care less. In fact, that was the at-
titude of the floor throughout a major portion of the eveniqg. 

Next two human tape-recorders (a male and a female 
naturally) played back their tapes which have been in almost 
constant use for four years now, Nothing new was said except 

for the minor fact that the name of the oppressed nation had 
changed to Laos. This failed to arouse the audience, but . ap-
parently something did, as several unobserved ~~les ~we~y 
made their exit. Certainly they must have been thinking, We re 
fed enough garbage in here during the day." 

Finally the young would-be-Bucldeys almost demanded that 
they be allowed to present their case. Democracy prevailed, and 
they were silenced with nary a word. . 

It was now proposal time, and in honor of the occaSIon -
several proposals were made. Let 's have a strike and go :wrfing , 
let's show solidarity with our Olicano brothers because It takes 
absolutely no effort to do so, let's have iI non-violent demon-
stration downtown, let's march to the chancellor's complex 
right away let's leaflet the induction center at 5:30 in the mom-
ning let's 'attempt an effort at draft resistance, and let's go hom~. Needless to say, some of the proposals were imm~ately 
vetoed because obviously they were to take place too early In the 
morning. . 

After the most heated debate of the evening it was decided to 
discuss the other proposals one at a time and to allow four 
speakers to speak on each proposal , two for and two against. 
Each speaker was to have two minutes in which to hem and haw 
without appreciatively changing anyone's minds. 

One of the speakers (speaking against the ~ike pr~posal) 
began an oration justifying the illogical actIons of his own 
sacred goverrunent. When his time was up he had become so 
fanatically engrossed in his prophetic mission that he had to be 
carried from the stage. 

Surprisingly enough, the strike proposal ~as defeat~. 
Apparently the water is still too cold for people WIthout wetswts 
to go surfing. The proposals for draft resistance, the down town 
march, and the show of solidarity passed with no problems at 
all. 

When the time came to act upon marching to the chancellor's 
complex, another member of the right-wing yippies chose to 
speak in favor of the proposal. He noted how much fun It had 
been the last time it was done. A bright smile crossed his face as 
he spoke of the glorious breaking of 50 windows, Jumping up and 
down as he did so with the fervor of a true Revolutionary, when 
he recounted how'well that task had been accomplished with the 
use of the mere bricks. (He must have known something we 
didn't ). The proposal was subsequently defeated. 

By now it was 11 o'clock, and so the main meeting was ad-
journed. Three workshops were set up: one for those who wished 
to help draft resistance, one to work out some plans for the up-
coming demonstration, and one for those who wanted to go to 
sleep. Attendance at the third workshop was heavy. 

POSSIBILITIES' 
Christmas and McCorry 
Present "The Caretaker" 

Barbara Simon 
Sla fI W riler 

. ., " Students and faculty should share 
involvement in theater," says Eric Christmas, 
who is a professor in the UCSD ,?ra~a 
Department. A positive step towards rea.llzatlon 
of faculty-student effort on campus IS THE 
CARETAKER. a play written by Harold Pinter 
which will be performed by Christmas, Tom 
McCorry, another drama faculty member. and 
drama student Steven agarr. 

This Friday, Saturday, and Sunday evenings 
beginning al8 p.m. the stark classroom 2~ 1330 
at Muir College will be transformed mto a 
theater. "The facil ities are bare," says 
Christmas, but it suits the "bare-bones piece" 
(of drama ). 

There are no villain or heroes in the play, 
continues Christmas. "The character are 
ordinary people, almost in ignificant, who lead 
a humdrum existence." 

They are an "extension of wh~.t doct?rs 
diagnose 1S anxiety and neuroses. explaIns 

Christma ~ . II three are " engulfed in a world of 
fear and tj !r ~or." 

Lest tl,e prospective audience suspect an 
evening of complete terror, Christmas 
eassures u tha t Pinter is very clever WIth 

humor in the play. '''1 he audi\:lIct: I;; scdQt'Pd" 
by the hU'Tl9r. " then they realize that they too 
are grip»t'd by an unnamable fear." 

On another level. THE CARETAKER 
involves th " Machiavellian manipulation of 
human bein s, " says Chri lma as he warms up 
to the subject. Two brothers, one alert and the 
other mlntally deficient due to a lobotomy, 
manipulate the third character. ':Th~.y use him 
like a ping pong ball and des troy hIm . 

THE CARETAKER i " xistential to a great 
extent. " There are " no ups. no down , and no 
oIOlulions " _ 

After his effort to describe the play. 
hristmas conclude that THE CARETAKER i~ 

" hard to talk about: it ha to be experienced." 
Christmas, in encouraging everyone to 

Page 6 Triton Times February W,1911 

experience Pinter 's work, ays, " I personally 
consider Pinter to be one of the greatest 
playwrights in this century . ,. 

Reservations and ticket information can be 
arranged through the Drama Department, 317 
Matthews, campus extension 2491. General 
admission cost is $1.50 while students can 
experience the play for $.75. 

Activities of the Drama Department planned 
for Spring Quarter are a performance of THE 
CRUCIBLE (a play by Arthur Miller) and 
several workshops. One of the latter will involve 
audience participation. 

"Arts should be a joyous part of what we are 
doing on campus," Chr.istmas believes. Looking 
forward to next year. he hopes that " the Drama 
Department will bring together all who live and 
work on campus to express themselves and to 
participate in theater. " 

''Purlie" at UCSD 
"Purlie" (formerly "Purlie 

Victorious" , currently running 
on Broadway as a musical ) will 
be performed on Feb. l7 and 18 
in Revelle Cafeteria, giving 
ucsn students the unique 
opportunity to relive the "dear 
old-or maybe not so dear 
old-South ... " before their 
very eyes. 

The play by Ossie Davis, 
first seen in New York in 1961 , 
features an all-Black cast of 
eight characters with three in 
white face . 

"Purlie" is performed by 
the Marval (J ) Repertory 
Group, which is currently on 
tour of various coll ege 
campuses. It is sponsored by 
the Black Student Council. 
Admission is 50 cents, and the 
performance begins at 8:30 
p.m. 

Donald Erb 
To Lecture 

Donald Erb, composer-in-
residence at the Cleveland 
Institute of Music , will discuss 
recent compositions at a noon 
lecture today in the Recital 
Hall , 409 Matthews Campu . 
The event is free and open to 
the public. 

Erb's works have been 
performed by nearly all of the 
major orchestras i.n the U ni ted 
States. Several of his pieces 
have b en commissioned by the 
Detr oit and Dalla s 
Symphonies, and the Dalla 
Symphony has recorded three 
of his pieces. 

His most recent work, a 
piece for rock band and 
symphony orch tra , " M g 
Synthesizer," was tailored 
specifically to the unu ual 

capabilities of the Detroit 
Symphony. which has within 
the orchestra a rock ensemble 
called The Symphonic 
Metamorphosis. 

Pianist to Perform 
At UCSD 
Virtuoso pianist and 

composer Yuji Takahashi will 
be featured in concert 
Thursday and Friday, Feb. 18 
and 19, in the UCSD Recital 
Hall, 409 Matthews Campus. 

The concerts,the same both 
evenings, are part of a series to 
be presented by Takahashi 
following his appointment as 
Regents' Lecturer for the 
UCSD campus for the first 
three weeks in February . Both 
concerts will begin at 8:30 p.m. 
and both are free and open to 
the pu blic. _ 

Takahashi will perform his 
new work and will also perform 
Webern 's "Concerto for Nine 
Instruments" and Messiaen's 
" Exotic Birds" with the 
faculty and student ensemble. 
Both works are noted for their 
extreme difficulty for the 
performers a nd are true 
virtuoso pieces for each 
instrument involved. 

The remaining work on the 
program will be UCSD 
Professor Robert Erick on 's 
"Cardenitas 68," a piece 
commissioned for NET's Artist 
in America series to be aired 
this spring. 

Quicksilver Concert 
At State 

QUICKSILVER MESSE -
GER SERVICE, one of the five 
major first-generation San 

Francisco rock groups, 
which three remain intact, 
open San Diego State 
Cultural Arts Board 
concert series, headlin 
hours of music , S 
evening, Feb. 21. The 
concert, produced by 
Productions of Sau 
California, will be 
Peterson Gym on the San 
State campus. 

QUICKSILVER 'S 
Capitol album, .recorded 
their stay in Hawaii 
entitled " What About 
seems likely to be their 
gold album, denoting $l 
or more in sales. 
QUICKSILVER albums 
chronological order are 
" Quick silver Messenge 
Service," "Happy Trails, 
"Shady Grove" and "Just 
Love" (also recorded 
Hawaii ). 

Preceding QUICKSILVER'S 
set will be BOZ SCAGGS 
his group , also from 
Francisco. BOZ, 
driving force behind the 
Miller Band, wrote, sang, 
played rhythm and lead 
on most of the familiar 
tu nes. Persons 
recent Fall concert at 
were trea ted to a first-time 
Diego exposure of BOZ and 
music , and were . 
to the extent 
standing -ovation . 
BOZ'S new Columbia Album 
due for release Feb. 22. 

Opening the how will be 
ROBERT SAVAGE 
also from San IO'r',"l'i~1 
featuring ROBERT SA 
(obviously I, former 
player for the Leaves. 

G neral admis ion 
are $3.50 and are available 
the Urey Hall Box Office. 

* 

$l·~U.C.S.1:). SI1JD~~tr 
a~orne:R ~roOM~ j;r 
a~~N~t ~~ f;r 

Ticke~s ~or the John Sebastian concert will be available from 9:00 a .m. until 4:00 p.m. daily 
beglnnl.ng Tuesday, Febru.ary 16, 1971, a~ the. Urey Hall Box OHice. There will be four days of 
exclUSive UCSD student ticket sales at which time there will be 2,000 tickets available to UCSD 

students only at $1.00 each. Students may purchase up to two (2) tickets per 1.0 . No 
No tickets will be sold without presentation of a yellow UCSD student 1.0. card. We 

e~pect that. the tick~ts will not last long. F~rth.er, we suggest that any student 
Interested In attending the concert purchase hIS ticket during the week of February 
16-19. After the 2,000 student tickets are gone, there will be no more $1.00 
student tickets available . No student tickets will be sold to faculty or staH 

members due to the limited number of tickets available. Beginning Monday, 
Fe.bruary 22, all remaini~g ticket~ will be put on sale. If any student 
tickets are left, they Will be priced at $1.00 each; tickets for other 
area college students, $2 .50; and general admission will be $3.00 . 

These tickets will be available on a first-come-first-serve basis .. 
We are looking forward to a relaxing and enjoyable evening 
on the 27th and we hope all of you who art interested 
will attend. Hope to see you then , Campus Programming 

Board . Dan Spelltns, ASUCSD Program Board Chairman. 

\ 

Triton Times FebrulrY 16, 1971 Page 7 



February 16 
TUESDAY 

LECTURES· 
12 :30 p. m. . Hematology 

Conference Room. Copley Center : 
Dr R. McMillan. " Myopathy of 
Unknown Causes." 

7:30 p.m.. Council Chambers. 
Aztec Center. SDSC : Dr D. 
Rehfus~ . "Winds on the Airless 
Moon .. 
MEETING-7 :30 p.m . Meteor 
Hall Lounge : student-faculty 
discussion with Dr. F. Flannigan 
MOVIES -noon . USB 2622 : 
"Boundary Laver Contro\' '' 
SPORTS~ba~ketball- S p.m .. 
UCSD vs. F LLERTON J.C. at 
Fullerton . ' 

February 17 
WEDNESDAY 

LECTURES -4 p.m . Lieb 
Amphitheatre : Dr. C Pittendrigh. 
Stanford Universltv. " Circadian 
Sv tems '--
. 4 p.m .. USB 3020' Profe or R. 

Eisner. " What Went \ rong"·a 
critique of recent monetary and 
fi <cal policy. 

7:30 p.m.. Revelle informal 
"lounge . seminar on careers in law. 
SPORTS-basketball-5 :4,) pm .. 
UCSD vs . Cal State Dominguez at 
Gardena 

PECIAL EVE T-1I ' 4') am .. 
Revelle plaza : Bob :'\iolan tell - of 
hi . encounter with Je us Christ at 
San Quentin Pn on 
MOVIES- nicorn Theatre : 
Ernest Pintof[' , " Dvnamite 
Chicken" continuou, through Feb. 
23 
WATER SKI-Boat is running. 
Water Ski Club meeting 5 pm . PE 
CIa sroom. 

25 cent OJ ER sponsored by the 
Ecumenical Student of UCSD 
Universi ty Lutheran hurch 5 
pm. Evervon Welrom 

Wont to see 
. 

more news an 

thE Triton Times? 
We need more 
pec.ple to report it! 

Interested wri ters 
pleose see Corl in 
the TRITON TIMES 
Office, Bloke Holi. 

February 18 
THURSDAY 

DlSCUSSIONS-12 noon . Sumner 
Auditorium . SIO. illu trated talk on 
Baja California by David Binney. 

7:30 p.m.. Student- faculty 
discussion with Dr. Thomas Oth. 
Challenger Hall Lounge 
SPORTS-7:30 p.m.. Wrestling 
UCSD vs. Redlands. then! 
SEMINAR- MUSIC - noon Recital 
Hall. Bldg. 409. MC. Guest eminar 
bv David Tudor. on new electronic 
u' es in music Fridav. Februarv 19. 
LECTURE-I : 15 p. m . 'Lieb 
Amphitheater. Timken-Sturgi 
Bldg . " Hyperthvroidi sm in 
Identical Twins." Willard P. 
VanderLaan. M.D .. Head . Division 
of Endocrinology, SCRF 
PLAY-S p.m . Rm 133020 Muir. 
Eric Christma . Tom McCorry. 
Drama tudents pre enting "The 
Caretaker" bv Harold Pizter. 
General admission SI 50. tudents 
75 cents 
MOVIES-7:30 p.m .. USB 2722, 
Friday ight Flicks. " If." and 
"The anny" 
A OMALY FAcrORY-S .30 pm .. 
" Ive." For information and tickets 
cail x. 1195 or ED 'A 
PEOPLE OF 3HO IThe Healthv. 
Happy. Holv Organization. Inc'. 1 
are now crea ting kunda lini Yoga 
cIa se in the Child Care Center. 
Matthew Campus 7 p m Tuesday 
and Thursda v 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
CSD YEARBOOK-Anyone 

interested in working on a 
yearbook or who ha . worked on a 
yea rbook before. see Diddo Clark 
box 6529. j-S6 Muir. 453-S713 
FI ANCIAL AID-all applications 
for financial aid for 1971 -1972 mu t 
be submitted to the financial aid 
office 250 Matthews. bv March 15 
ARTS AND ' CRAFT 
CLASSES-enrollment i now in 
progres at Rancho Bernardo' 
Mercado. For information on clas 
times and cost call 487-2630 

CONSIDERING LAW? 
Come participate in a discussion 
of the law school experience and 
what it's like to be a lawyer 
with two attorneys- one a Deputy 
D.A. and one a criminal lawyer 
- and two law school students. 
Informal Lounge, Revelle Col-
lege , Wednesday, February 
17, 1971 , at 7:30 p.m. 
Women contemplating careers 
in law are especially invited to 
attend this meeting. 
Sponsored by Career-Educa-
tion Planning Center where 
other occupat ional informa-
tion is available . 

o 

Carl Neiburger 
Ci ty Editor 

' Plge8 TritonTimlS Febru.ry16,l971 

WANTED-EOP need volunteer 
tutors immediately in the area ~ of 
chemistry. physic~. math . and 
other ~c iences. :-.Iext quarter. 
tutors in all area will be needed . 
For more info go to 20 3062 or call 
453-2000. ext. 2156. 

CLASSIFIEDS 
COFFEE HUT GRAND OPENING 

live entertainment and band . 
Fridav. Saturday. and Sunday. 
Free Hefre hmen'ts . 
LOST - One Female Samoved 
(white huskv-Iike a polar bear 
puppy Lost Tuesday night. Call 
453-8443 or 241 Blake 

SPORTS 
WRITERS 
NEEDED 

******** 

see 

ROCKY 

triton 
times 

Personals 
EARN EXTRA MONEY 

Full or Plrt-Time Employment 
It Any Age in I lIdies Industry. 
Thorough Trlining Furnished. 
For more Informltlon or Inter-
view ClII : 214-7100 

(2116) 

ROOMMATE WANTED 
Students with house In Del tMr 
hive room for 1 femlle . Rent 
565. All necessities provided. 
Call 755-3990 evenings. 

(R) 

Europe Chlrter Flights. 
Several Schedules round trip or 
one-way . From West COlSt to 
London, Amsterdlm, Frank-
fort, Coordinator : Professor 
Margaret Paal 247 Roycroft 

. Ave. Long Beach 90803 -438-
2179. 

(2/23) 

Want to Buy- Student desk, 
with drawers and fairly large. 
Will pay up to S25. 453-4679 . 

(R) 

Horoscopes-Complete and 
accurate, Astrological chlrts 
with interpretltion S10. 
Progressed S15. Write Nickolas 
Scalese Box 173, Del Mar. 

(2/16) 
Services 

Typing - for accurate Typing 
on electric pica - term papers, 
theses, manuscripts, etc. Ca II 
Mrs. McCroskey 287-1607. 

(R ) 

Trouble with French? Young 
grad native will help you . 296-
0610. (2/23 ) 
··-···--·-COUPOruN~;;;;;;;;=;;;;;==;;··;';·;:;·;;; 

SOUNDSVILLE 
George Horrison Album 

"All Things Must Pass" 

3 record set on Apple Label 
with this coupon 

(reg. val. l1.9S) 

$6.99 
at all 5 SOUNDSVILLE Stores 

• College & EI Cajon • 1231 Garnet, P.B. 
.5054 Newport, O.B_ • 1183 3rd Ave., C.V. 

• Balboa & Genessee 
(in Clair.mont M.so 

Shopping C.nt.r) 

Is Your Auto Sick or TIred 
Try Jlmes Automotive Service 
AmerlCln Ind Foreign Clrs 
Repairs Ind Pollution Control. 
Student Discount 7741 Herschel 
1.I Jolla (In the rear) 45'-"'1 

(R) 

Typing _ .. Experlenced typ-
ist .. _ Term papers, theses. 
Electric typewrlter_ Will do 
rush lobs. 453-6135. 

(R) 

Europe charters. 50 Depar-
tures, Ilso from N.Y., Africa, 
India, Isrlel. 60% Off. Free 
info: EASC,323 N. Beverly Dr., 
Beverly Hills, Cllif., 90210. 
Phone : (213) 276-6293. 

(5/l1) 
Find the Photo Shick in La 
Jolla and get your films de-
veloped well but cheaply ; near 
Safeway, near Texaco. Kodak 
and Minolta cameras and IC-
cessories. 
20 slides at SI .19 
Super 8 movies at SI .19 

(2/19 31 ~12) 
S269 RT LA to Europe 61 16 to 
9/15 or 6130 to 91 • 
Large Savings on cars and 
charter flights to Israel , 
Greece, other countries. 
Prof. Bentler UC_ (213) 277-5200 
cl 0 Sierrl Travel of Beverly 
Hills 9875 Santa Monica Blvd. , 
Los Angeles, 90212 

(3/12) 
EUROPE: S225-S280. Also 
ISRAEL and JAPAN Spring 
and Summer flights available 
call 755-3990 or write E.S.E.P. 
- UCSD 8217 Beverly Blvd., Los 
Angeles, Calif. 

(5111) 

Music Lessons by Experienced 
Music Teacher-Music Thera-
pist. Sitar, 5-string banjo, Gui-
tar (Electric and folk styles), 
Electric bass, lutohlrp. Plul 
Roberts 755-7454 

(2/20) 

DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
bt.. Satlsflction Is the end 
product. Helen 459-" 

(R) 

For Sale 
SACRIFICE! 

Must sell my '~ VW SOON! 
Leaving for Michigan next 
week. Excellent running 
condition. Blue wi radio. A 
real luv. $1000 or best offer. 
Call Chris at 453-1704. 

COSMETICS. For 9-25( Sam· 
pies of Randll non-illergic 
Cosmetics, (mlde from fruits , 
herbs, ferns, flowers, etc. and 
no hlrmful chemiclls) send 
only S1.00 to Rlndall Cosmetics 
P.O. Box 2019, 1.I Jolla, Cllif. 
Stlte if skin is dry, normll or 
combinltion. 

(R) 

A BETTER BEDI King size 
wlter bed . 555.00. The Wlter 
Hole, 4282 EI Cllon Blvd., 210-
2611 . 

(R) 

' 65 CC Italian Hlrley Davidson 
1100 miles . Silver and Blue. 
Rides two, wi sllnt luggage 
rick . Pirelli tires. Like new 
S165. 755-8213. 

(2/ 16) 
Ford "70" Maverick CruiSl· 
matic, RI H, new tires, 1 
miles S1750. X27S0 or 272-

(21 

'68 Honda CB 160, rebu i 
engine, new electric sys., 
454-4977 

ORGY Sale 
King Size Water Beds Sl5. 
Quality Americln tMde 
guarant'eed 20 years . 
Plastic Oceln. P.O. Box 
1.I Mesl, Cllif. , 92041 

we ARt THe BEST 

~ __________ ~OUPONI __________ ~ 

NOI1VIINV!).O 11:101ld-NON 


