
triton ti 
Volume 13, Num6er 13 University of California, San Diego Tuesday, May I I, '''' 

Grobstein Given Slight Chance 

o Result In Chancellor Search 
John Zoller 
Staff Writer 

The search for a new UCSD chancellor may be no nearer to 
completion than it was 17 months ago when William McGill 
announced his resignation. 

To date, the Campus Search Committee has approved and 
sent to Berkeley 12 names, and all but one have been 
eliminated. The remaining candidate, Clifford Grobstein, dean 
of the medical school , has support from UC President Charles 
Hitch, the majority of faculty on this campus, and conservative 
business circles in San Diego. 

One prominent Regent, however , has said that conservative 
Regents have indicated that if President Hitch forces 
Grobstein's appointment over their opposition, they will in turn 
block certain pre idential policies in committees where their 
influence is predominant. 

President Election 
Results in Doubt 

Carl Neiburger 
City Editor 

The results of the AS presidential election stand in doubt due 
to que tion raised about the vote count. The official election 
re ults which show David Shaw elected over Paul Kaufman by 
a margin of 23 votes have been challenged by Kaufman. The 
count was 828 for Shaw to 805 for Kaufman. A recount will be 
completed sometime today after Election Commi sioner Jim 
Magi\1, who left to go skiing for the weekend, returns . 

One Commission member noted that two prior ballot count 
had shown Kaufman winning by 18 or 12 votes. After most vote 
count ob ervers had left, he said, Magill. along with outgoing 
PresIdent Mike Palcic, Academic Affairs Commissioner Jim 
Stlls, and Norman Olney, re-totalled the ballots to obtain the 
final result, 828 to 805. 

Shaw and Kaufman indicated they were both disturbed by the 
turn of events. Shaw told the TRITON TIMES he feared that 
some students who voted for him did not understand what he 
intended to do if elected. He explained, " I personally don 't plan 
to work through the AS but rather in the way I always have 
been, as a student. I am setting up a group of students to 
perform the maintenance functions of AS. Once it is set up, I 
will try to keep as far away from AS as possible as I don 't think 
there is very much I can do there." 

The outcome of the proposed increase in AS fees is also in 
doubt for another reason. The official count showed it received 
998 favorable votes to 522 votes against, a margin of 65 .6 
percent. It had been announced that a two-thirds vote was 
required for passage, thus rendering it one percent short. 

Kaufman told the TRITON TIMES, however, that the 
Regents' rules on the matter were to institute, rather than to 
increase fees. Thus, the applicable size of the majority has yet 
to be determined. 

In the remaining races, candidates were elected by decisive 
majorities. The re ults were : 

Vice President 
Tom Caryl 
Carmen Nevarez 

818 (55 .6% ) 
653 (44 .4% ' 

Public Relations Director 
Tom Deits 761 (66 .8%) 
Craig Griffin 379 (33 .2%) 

Commissioner of Academic Affairs 
Mike Duca 647 (55.1% ) 
Bob Jack on 527 (44 .9% ) 

Commissioner of External Affairs 
Ken Carr 618 (56.4%) 
Kevin Olson 475 (43.5% ) 

1743 ballot were cast. which amounted to 43 .5 % of the A 
memb rship. In all ca es oth r than the pre idential race. the 
first candidate appearing on the ballot wa elected. 

College Elections 
All prospective candidate for Muir College Council mu t 

declare their candidacy today at an open meeting of the 
council on the Muir dorm lawn. Muir tudent will have the 
opportunity to meet and talk to the canJitiate . Revell 

011 ge election will tak pia e thi Thursday and Friday. 
Platform for Revelle Candidate app ar on pagcs 4. and 5 
in id this i u . 
Th Muir el tion have b en lated for May 19 and 20. 

and platforms will app ar in th TRITON TIME a we k 
from today. P titlon for 1ulr 011 ge are avallabl at th 
offIce of the 011 Dean and mu t be flied by tomorrow. 

Thus indications are that the Regents will not appoint 
Grobstein when they convene in San Francisco next week. 
Informed sources add that the matter will probably not even 
come to a vote, and that if it does not, Grobstein will withdraw 
as a candidate. 

The search wi\1 then have to begin anew. The Campus Search 
Committee is presently working feverishly to come up with 
three or four more candidates before mid-June .. At that time, 
graduation of student members and scheduled sabbaticals for 
three of the six faculty wi:1 render the committee defunct. 

There is wide fear , however, that it may already be too late 
to find an acceptable candidate who could be available by the 
start of the next school year. ormally, plans for transfering 
University personnel are completed by May 1. 

The Anti-Grobstein Camp 
According to reports from several source , Grobstein might 

well have been appointed Chancellor last summer. The demise 
of his candidacy, however, has roots directly in the Cambodian 
crisis of last Spring. 

Concerned over " recon titution" at CSD and elsewhere, a 
group of Regents met in June with prominent critics of that 
movement from the CSD faculty . The topic of conversation 
eventually turned to the search for a new CSD chancellor. 
According to one member of that original group, " We were 
able to stick our thumb in the dike on Grobstein until other 
forces neutralized him as a candidate." Dr. Clifford Grob tein The e faculty formed the nucleus of the Committee to Save 
the niversity la t fall. Although that group is now formally 
defunct, inforUlal ties with several Regent remain. On 
matters relating to the San Diego campus, these Regents rely 
heavily on the old CS leader for information and advice. 

would be reluctant to " force " anything pa t them 
Several development have now all but ended Grob teln ' 

chance. 
Thi leadership remains unalterably opposed to the Looking for a Con ervative 

candidacy of Grobstein. They cite the minority admissions 
policy in the medical school as evidence that Grobstein is not 
seriously interested in maintaining traditional academic 
standards. It has also been charged that under Grobstein 's 
leader hip, the medical school is slipping downhill from a 
potential it once had. 

These faculty al 0 believe that if Grob tein became 
Chancellor, he would do nothing to curb what they consider 
Black raci t policies in Third College a it has developed under 
Chancellors York and McGill. 

In the two mo t recent chancellor apPOintment . the Regent 
have appointed liberal candidate over strong con ervatlve 
objection . Two year ago , Philip Lee wa named to the 
chancellor hip at San Franci co by one vote. 12-11 La t month. 
Albert Bowker wa appointed at Berkeley over four negatIve 
and several ab taining vote . 

The Regents convinced by these arguments do not form a 
majority on the 24-member board. According to two reliable 
source , there are " probably even hard-core" anti-Grobstein 
Regents. But their colleagues, although they may not agree, do 
nevertheless respect the judgment of these conservatives, and 

Many within the niversity have been encouraged by th 
appointment of these liberal . but more careful ob erver have 
noted that the overall dispo ition of the Board IS till 
con ervative, and that one of the e ti~ a con ervalive i 
likely to be chosen. 

It has been widely reported that ome con ervative Regent , 
particularly the Reagan appointee , want to appoint a erie of 

(Continued on page 6) 

Holly Holmes to Manage 

All UCSD Cafeterias to Reopen in Fall 
Debbie Lavender 

Staff Writer 
All three UCSD cafeterias will be open 

again in the fall , this time operated by 
the Associated Students. Holly Holmes, 
manager of the Coffee Hut and new 
Food Services Coordinator for the entire 
campus, will run the Muir , Revelle , and 
Matthews facilities on a cash-only, non-
profit basis. 

Although he believes that the AS food 
service can succeed next year, Holmes 
warns, "The way it goes will be the way 
the kid react - the kids can make it 
ucceed or they can blow the whole 

works." 
Each of the three in tallation will 

ha ve a different format. and so will b 
competing with each other for busine s. 
Revell will be run entirely cafeteria 
style : Matthews will be et up imilarly 
to the Coffee Hut. and Muir will be a 
combination of both kind of ervice. 
Even if bu ine s i not as good a 
Holm hop it will be, all three will 
remain open all year . If one tarts doing 
poor busine . the other will not try to 
ab orb its 10 e : in tead , it hour and 
help will b cut down . 

"It 's not going to b ea y." sa 
Holme . "but th Muir ollege Council 
ha really b n working hard and 
helping me '" 

Fa t- ervic and hort- rd r 
Operation at Muir 

The MUIr Common and Food rvic 
ommllt e. tog ther \\Ith H 1m . ha 
ubmllt d an outlln to th Ll 0 

administration describing a 
combination fast-service (full , hot 
meal ) and short-order operation for the 
Muir commons. One side of the service 
area will be et up for hamburger and 
sandwiches, while the other will erve 
hot meals, imilar to the way Revelle 
has been run at lunch time this year. 
Muir will be open from 7:30 a .m. to 11 
p.m. six days a week, from 10 a .m. to 11 
p.m. on Sundays. and will be open all 
summer. Revelle and Matthew will 
operate on imilar hour in the fall. 

According to Holme , the rea on the 
administration turned the management 
of the food service over th the 
Associated Students wa becau e. " No 
outside company would even bid for the 
job - too many student went off th 
meal plan thi year , and it' ju t a 10 ing 
propo ition . l\1ayb cafeterias at the 

niver ity of alifornia are pa . but 
there ar tIll moth rout ther who 
want to b ure th Ir kid can g t a 
balanced meal. Th y would like to ee 
th m al plan kept on. But par nt 
hould trust their kid : let th m pend 

their money wh re the)' want to . nd 
next yea r th food servic will b th 
kid ' - it' not th admlni tration ' any 
more. For It to ucceed, they 'll have to 
upport it. " 
Holm e limat s that 40 p r c nt of 

th money that tud nt are p ndin on 
food 10 pi e oth r than the chool 
facllltl WIll come back mto the 
cafet ria n xt year By off rln 
differ nt rVlc at the three plac s. 
and th low t pnc Po 'Ibl h Ie I 
th t th op ratIOn wlli b abl to 
mak It " If Itfal\' " h ' It WIll b 

the students that helped it fail.· ' And if it 
fail , another out ide company will have 
to be brought in, who will be trying to 
make a profit - and the prices wi\1 go 
back up. 

Lowe t Price Po ible 



• • opInIon 
The op inions t)(pre~sed on ,hese pages are those of 'he authan whose nomes appear in the byli nes and do not neees-
",'ily ,efl.<I the vi.", . of the TRITON TIMES. Anyon. d~"i~g to .ubmit mol.riol 10 b. publi.hed on th ••• pag ••• hould 
send ilIa .h. Ed i.or ial oirKlor. TRITON TiMES. 117 Bloke Hall. UCSD. 

Sacramento Report 

Child-Care Centers 
And Woltlen's Rights 

Richard Twohy 
ASUG Legislative Counsel 

Our last report spoke of three repressive bills 
the student lobby is fighting to dispose of. This 
second report advises the status of those bills, 
and calls your attention to bills on child care 
centers and women's rights, 

Slaws of Cureat Legislatloa 

AS 1. (by Assemblyman Floyd Wakefield, 
R-Downey ) would charge students and faculty 
$100 each per year to repair campus facilities 
damaged by " vandalism or riot." The bill 
described in our last report, still has not been 
set for hearing. We'll advise who to write when 
it comes up. 

AB 51 (Bill Greene, D-Los Angeles ), 
providing possible graduate tuition of $2,500 per 
year, is also not yet set ; but we have today 
received materials from his office indicating he 
wants to go ahead with it. This would of course 
be very harmful to the interests of an open 
public university, as we discussed in the last 
report. The bill willllOt be set for hearing unless 
Greene requests it, which he has not yet done. 
Therefore, our eHorts should be directed at this 
time toward writing many letters to Greene 
asking him to leave this matter on the shelf. The 
lobby will of course be working on him in person 
but your support is crucial. The address : Hon. 
Bill Greene, State Capitol Building, Sacramento 
95814. 

The third item, AB 616 (Stull, R-San Diego ) 
would make it easier for UC to revoke a 
student's financial aid if be's been in a campus 
disturbance. As indicated in our last Report, the 
lobby is opposed in principle to revocation of 
financial aid because the penalty is inberently 
discriminatory - hurting the poor, with no 
inbibition to tbe rich. It should remain as 
difficult to enforce as the law now allows. 

AB 61' was set for hearing on April 'l:l . Time 
ran out that afternoon, and the bill was 
rescheduled for May 13. This gives us two 
additional weeks to get it together for defeating 
this bill . The Assembly Subcommittee on 
Higher Education which will hear the matter 
first. is easily the most "liberal" of the 
committees this bill will face . If we cannot 
defeat it here, the bill will undoubtedly win final 
passage. WRITE : John Vasconcellos ID·San 
Jose l. the Chairman ; Dixon Arnett (R-Redwood 
City I: Robert Burke I R-Huntinglon Beach I: 
John Dunlap tD-Vallejo l: Bill Greene ID-Los 
Angelesl: Jim Keysor I D-San Fernando 1 : Jerry 
Lewis (R-San Bernardino l: Ken Maddy (r-
Fresno I: and Ken Meade I D·Berkeley t. The 
address is. State Capitol Building. Sacramento. 
California 95814. 

New Items : I. Women's Rights 

testified last Tuesday on behalf o! a bill 
which would have the Reg'ents take " immediate 
and affirmative steps" to increase enrollment 

triton 

of qualified women into UC's graduate 
programs, with the goal that the percentage of 
women receiving the benefits of graduate 
education would more nearly reflect the 
percentage of women among people in 
California. 

.The bill is AB 733 (Yvonne Brathwaite - D-
L.A.). It was introduced last year as well , by 
Sen. Mervyn Dymally. Our letter of support 
reads in part: " We think it a remarkable waste 
of human skills and talent that women have so 
long been discouraged (rom (ull participation in 
the serious activity of society ... Tbis view of 
distinctive male and (emale roles is confir'med 
in the admissions and hiring practices of our 
educational institutions and industrial firms ... 
indeed, in our legislatures. (Three out of 120 
lawmakers in Sacramentq are women. ) 

"Society as· a whole loses when we fail to 
encourage half our populace to develop the [ull 
range of their abilities across the full range of 
society's work. And individuals lose when, by 
training and custom, tlley fail ' to develop 
aspirations which could lead them to 
distinguished social contributions ... " 

If you would like personally to help this bill 
pass , please write immediately with name, 
address , campus, and number to the Student 
Lobby. Our address: ASUC Legislative Council, 
1107 Ninth St. No. 923, Sacramento 95814. 

II . Cbild Care Centers 

Also last Tuesday, we assisted in a nearing on 
AB 734 (Brathwaitel, which puts pressure on 
the Regents to support low cost child care 
centers on each campus, where youngsters 
could stay while their parents attend classes. 

I noted at that time on behalf of the 
Associated Students: " It has always been 
difficult for young parents with limited income 
to provide proper care for their children while 
improving their education at the University. 
Today, with vastly increased University fees 
and other costs, it is almost impossible. 

"The lack of reasonably inexpensive, properly 
supervised child care centers forces poor 
persons - in particular young mothers - to 
cancel their dreams for a better education, and 
deprives the society of the skills and talents 
they could develop at the University .... . 

The bill was handed out of Committee wilh a 
" DO PASS" recommendation, but faces tough 
sledding in subsequent committees. 

If you want to help on this important matter. 
please write to Sue Brock , Coordinator, Liaison 
Committee for Child Care Centers in Higher 
Education (LCCCCHE I. at 1730 Scenic Avenue. 
Berkeley 94709. 

The recent Berkeley election and Wisconsin 
referendum have shown that if people will 
merely get their thing together they can indeed 
have an impact. PARTICIPATE I 
DECISIO;\S WH ICH AFFECT YO R LIFE !. 

tiIlles 
New.oepl 
Ed Boyle 

Contr Ibutors 
Jim S JII~ 

Ph.I.g,ophV 
Jon Fronek 
Adyert ising 
Oeportment 
Mark lulling 
Su.on Cod •• 

Ed ilor-in-Chi,. r .. 11 .• """,,1 C .lIlll11011 RoseDeCo"a 
( • I : ~ . . (' I . t Bobb,. Fink . il~ r .flilur .. • .... . . ,lr , ,·t l l1 r" f ' " JeHf1,"ohom 
\1 "11"lIi nll E, ilM ...... \l i k" 1\ 1.1\ , .• Robe .. Miller ( . F rl ' ( '1 ~ ( '. I Oebb,e Mon.gomery , ,,p ~ . • Inr . ...... 111. ,~" 101m FronkPhllllp, 
Bu -tn.· .. \1 " "tj!I·r ...... . J I' ll ~ n!'d Chff Po .. 
Erlil .. riallli"' ,'lor .. H .I .. "I LOlllrera. Mark Siegel 
\ . ( " ... I ' ( ) J Barbaro Simon . .... fH·lnlt· . 1'~ . ( Itflr . .. \\{ ' 1I 0 .' I1 l'r Joh" Zoller 

\1 .. lh ~('h ill 
\rl" . :ctitur . . ... .... Tt'rr~ Bar tl~ Artil" Sarah M cKenna 
!'ip"'l- E,iilur .... ... Ho, ' ~ ~ 11.01 1' .. " Allan Sekula 
l'h .. lnfln'llh ~ E,lil'" ... )1att Hinton Gro'go So,on, 

Arh Department 
rom Beer 
Joy GlUtH! 
lor,y Jol'lmon 
50f9",n Tont 
Ken Bornes 
COrfle R,c'-:ey 

Moll y S.IYI" 

Soc"Iarial Sloff 
Sfeve Cohen 
Sh.,lo Calhoun 

AU't Managing Ed. C 0 
Joe Eostern opy _par'mlnt 
Co my ShOrtck Debbie M on tgomery 

Clena Schroeter 
Production 

Oo~e BUChbinder 
Sport. 'o'i ,i I .. 
Mike Ralh 

The TIlTON TIMES ,. off lclolly recognlud and .upported 0\ 0 .tudent newspaper by the Commur'uco ' ,on, &oord 
of the University of Coll fo,nlo . Son Diego, BUilding 2~O. M ott~e .. , Campu . , La Jollo, Col, fornlo 92037 Publication 
,\ tWice weekly on Tue,doy. and Fodor' Offlce\ Ofe Ioc:oted ,n room 117, Bloh HolI, on the Rewelle Camp",\ fo r 
Ad 'cl e 'f'''"9 ph on . -4 53 · 2000 , X 1017 ; 'or ,dllo rlo l or neW\ phone X 101 6 

Page 2 Triton Times Tuesday, May 11, 1971 

AFSCME AFL-CIO 

Vote For A Secretary 
Margret Cunningham 

An election is currently in the process for one 
of the non-academic positions on the governing 
board of the Universily of California 
Retirement System. This election is one of the 
best kept secrets at the University, yet il is of 
cruciali importance to the thousands of 
University employees . I am a candidate of this 
election. 

in private industry. 
(2) Each member should receive a regular 

reporl containing details about handling of the 
funds . 

(3) Husbands of UC employees should have 
the same eligibility as wives for survivor 
benefits. 

Members are given no notice that the election 
is about to take place, other than a solicitation 
of nomlnees, months in advance. Even this is 
not sent to every member, but distributed to the 
departments, wbere there is no guarantee that 
it will be passed onto all the employees. 

(4) Annual cost-of-Hving adjustments should 
reflect real rises in the cost-of-Hving index, 
even beyond the maximum rise of 2 per cent the 
new plan provides for. 

(5) Elections should be well publicized, and 
opportunities provided for all candidates to 
communicate their ideas to all campuses. 

Before ballots for .the current election were 
printed, AFSCME 1695 (the Berkeley local of 
the UC Clerical, Technical, and Professional 
Employees) requested that the ballot include 
statements from the candidates regarding their 
positions concerning the Retirement System. 
The Governing Board denied this request. Are. 
they afraid that candidates who criticize the 
System will be elected? 

(6) There should be better channels of 
communication between those setting UCRS 
policies and employees. In fact, employees 
should have direct control over the setting of 
policies. 

(7) Employees should be able to choose 
between UCRS and Social Security. 

TIle employees of this University are 
intelligent enough to decide whom they wish to 
elect as their representative to the Retirement 
Board, if they have some information. For the 
benefit of the many workers on your campus 
who are eligible to- vote in the current election 
(all employees who work more .than hall time 
and are not members of the Academic Senate), 
I would like to outline briefly some of my views 

At present, the Retirement System takes a 
bil cbaDk out of the salary of everyone over 30, 
and gives too little in return. Members neither 
control the handling of this vast amount of 
money nor even receive information about what 
is being done With the money. The first step in 
changing this state of affairs is to elect someone 
to the Board wbo will be responsible to the 
workers of the University. My candidacy is 
sponsored by Council of University Employees 
No. 99, American Federation of State, County 
and Municipal Employees, AFL-CIO. I am a 
secretary, not a manager or' administrator. I 
hope my fellow workers will vote for me. 

about the UC Retirement System . 
(1) Ideally, the Retirement System should be 

completely employer paid, a cominon practice 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
80mb Threats 
Dear EdItor: 
Last Tuesday afternoon there 

was an anonymous call to Chief 
Torrens of the UCSD Campus 
Police Department asserting 
that the University was behind 
the war in Southeast Asia and 
as a consequence, that our new 
million-dollar library was 
going to blow up like a Vietnam 
village. 

Bomb threats are a 
disturbingly common 
occurrence these days . The San 
Diego P-olice Department 
reports an average of 30 bomb 
threats per week in the city. 
And yet, tile fact that this 
threat was on a college campus 
will mean that the public may 
give the event more 
significance than it deserves. 

My particular concern is th.e 
speed with which many will 
assume that the caller must 
have been a student. I frankly 
doubt it - I can think of dozens 
o( reasons why no sludent, no 
matter how upset he is over 
Vietnam, would view his own 
library as a protest target - as 
a symbol to be destroyed. I can 
think of no reason why any 
student would see such a threat 
as useful or productive. 

Accordingly, I would hope 
the community will view this 
caller as it does others who 
threaten senseless violence -
as the act of an irrational mind 
whether it involves a sports 
arena, an airport or a campus 
library. 

Vice-ChaDcellor 
George Murphy 

Too Bad 
Editor : 
Just as a point of accuracy 

(and one of information [or 
Terry Barak ), the Renaissance 
Faire lasted for about three 
and a half hours after Sheila 
Styron's performance. A good 
as Sheila was and is , there 
were a number of excellent 
acts that followed her, Le . 
James Clayton and Co., Ed 
Lang, the second performance 
by Don McCloud 's mime 
troupe , and . finally , Sara Grey. 
Sara, in fact. closed the Faire . 
and it was a fine , fine 
performance she gave. 

It sounds as if Terry didn't 
stick around very long. - Too 
bad, it got even better. 

R.tllBaUy 
Co-lale •• coonUaator 

for die Faire. 

A Scheme? 
EdItor: 

I am sure we are all familiar 
with the phrase "semi-
Machiavellian ploy" used to 
characterize a plan so blatant, 
so disgusting, and yet so 
workable that it puts "The 
Prince" to shame. Well , our 
own Mr. Mike " Heavy" (or is it 

. Inert?) wins this year's award 
for the best such scheme. 

On Friday, the last day of the 
run-off elections, Mr. Palcic 
gave away food to encourage 
people to vote on the EOP issue 
(or more correcUy, to vote for 
the . proposal ). I asked Mr. 
Palcic who had funded it, and 
got the expected answer , "The 
AS". 

It should be clear what this 
means. The EOP issue was put 
on the ballot specifically to 
find out if people were for or 
against it. But Mr. Palcic 
presupposed that people (or at 
least a majority of them) 
would be for it, and therefore 
desire that the issue be voted 
on by at least 60 per cent of the 
studen ts to make the resul ts of 
the election binding. 

Please note that equal funds 
were not offfered to the 
declared opponents of the issue 
(Keating , Sills et.al.) to hold a 
"counter-lunch" and insure 
that students would receive 
both sides of the EOP funding 
slory and vote on the contents 
of the arguments rather than 
the contents of their stomachs. 
Whether you are for the student 
funding of EOP or not is really 
irrelevant. It i s the 
methodology used , and not the 
cause it espouses, lhat is 
di sgusti ng . Although Mr . 
Palcie will soon be beyond the 
reach of officia 1 means of 
punishment (s uch as 
impeachment) the students 
here at UCSD must make 
known the fact that they will 
not put up with this type of 
nonsense - the spending of AS 
funds to achieve partisan ends. 

A.D. 0110. 

Don't Hold 
Your Breath 
Editor: 

Mr. Robert Sherrill, Jr., 
sought out an opportunity to 
publicly display his ignorance 
and malice-and he found one. 
He accused me and, 
derivatively, my running mate 
Mike Sbeerin of using 
" enormous amounts of 
(outside) money" to finance a 
" slick, high -powered " 
campaign . Mr: Sherrill , 
speaking ex cathedra, went on 
to claim that these vast sums 
of cash came from- where 
else?- the nefarious Campus 
Studies Institute. 

Let us consider his 
propositions : The total 
campaign ~xpenses of the 

. Keating-Sheerin ticket came to 
less than $50 (the limit 
prescribed by the election 
commissioner) . As Mr. Sherrill 
ought to know, neither CSI nor 
any other tax-exempt 
foundation could have 
subsidized such a campaign, 
regardless of the amount of 
money. The reason : Internal 
Revenue Service mandates. 
Why should CSI automatically 

Jose its tax-exempt status just 
to pay our measly campaign 
expenses? 

Mr. Sherrill also accused us 
of employing a .. slick, high· 
powered" campaign. And of 
what did our campaign consist? 
Of several dozen red and green 
posters of the regulation size, 
of a few hundred three-by-five 
cards saying "vote for us," and 
of two rather small banners. 

The proximate causes of Mr. 
Sherrill 's malicious statements 
are , we trust, more ideological 
than pathological. But then who 
ean say? Surely something 
must be wrong with someone 
who would make absolutely no 
effort to verify hi s " facts." 

Mr. Sherrill insists that he 
find s such a lIeged outside 
support "ethically repulsive." 
Will-he also publicly admit tha t 
he finds his own smears 
" ethically repul ive?" Wait 
and see, but do not hold your 
breath. 

Karl Kea till, 

Annual Spring C lea.ranee Sa Ie 

Modern Library - discontinued 

titles up to RECORDSI 
Top ArtIstsi Major Labels! 
Mu" Man, More! a_lcs Included! 

Coate Early lor Belt Selection. 

Get Your Favorites 
" 

fine art & gift books 
1 
-3 

2 
to "3 off and more I • 

Selected reference titles 75% off 

USED paperbacks - half price 

at BII Discouats! 

10% OFF 'If ALL REGULAR MERCHANDISE (exeepl clothbound textbook., 
reterenee book. and epeelal 

order •. ) 

* Thr.e da». only beg Inning Tue.(4ay. May 11, Ut71 

university bookstore 
Tuesday, May 11,1971 Triton Times Page3 



Hopi Ind ian Tells of Re ligion 
Thomas Banyaca , a Hopi Indian, will discuss his people's 

religion at 7: 30 this evening in USB 2622. "Since 1948 I have 
been putting all of my time and effort into helping my people to 
explain their position, their religious lives, their traditions, 
their warnings , and their prophecies, for they tell that this is 
the time of world events and troubles," Banyaca said . He is 
sponsored by UCSD United ative Americans. 

Winter Soldier 
In Fpbruary, in Detroit, a congressional hearing on war 

atrocities was held, known as the Winter Sodier Investigation. 
Many Vietnam veteran testified to experiences which put the 
My Lai incident in perspective. Two of these men, now 
students at Santa Barbara State College, made a 20 minute film 
at the hearing which they will show tomorrow night at 8 in 
Revelle' Cafeteria. The men , members of Vietnam Veterans 
Against the War , are sponsored by the Medical Committee for 
Human Rights. 

Paris Commune 
Herbert Marcuse will be among speakers at a forum 

commemorating the centennial of the Paris Commune tonight 
in USB 2722. The commune was formed March 18, 1871 in civil 
turmoil after the Franco Prussian War. It and the National 
Assembly formed two 0ppo ing governments until it was 
overthrown May 28 of the same year . Members of the 
commune included Victor Hugo and Gustav Courvet. 

Karl Marx claimed that it was the first proletarian commune 
in history , and tonight's forum will discuss the validity of that 
claim. 

Inlen Ive ummer Language Program 
Dr. Jack Blendinger. Assistant Director of the Summer 

Se sion, reports that the Intensive ummer Language 
Program in French . German. and Spanish . given in 
cooperation with the Department of Linguistics. is fa st filling 
to completion. At thi time, the program is 75 per cent filled 
and i expected to close shortly. The language program offers 
both the beginning and intermediate level. and carries t2 units 
of credit. 

Slncc the 197t Summer Ses ion is open to students from 
throughout the state and nation. it is expected that the 
Intensive Summer Language Program WIll close during the 
early part of May. Summer Session catalogs have only recently 
been mailed to interested off-campus would-be UCSD students 
and their applicatIOns have not yet been r ceived. CSD 
students interest d in enrolling in the language program are 
urged to contact the Summer Session Office . 4218 Urey Hall . 
ext. 1248. as soon as possible in order to ensure themselves a 
placc in the program. 

Summer chool /Revelle Requirement 

Thc followmg courses at UCSD Summer School will meet 
without petition Revelle Collegc lower diVision breadth 
requircments 

IInthropology 20 . one qua rter of SOCial Science 
rcqulrement 
Cultural Traditions tll· lB . can be substitutcd for 
Humanitics 2 
Literature 127 - can be substltutcd [or Humamtlcs 6 
Math 211 - l'quals Math 2A rej(ular scssion for Math 
rcquirelllcnt 
Music III -one quarter 01 Finc Arts requirel11cnt 
MUSIC 10 · onl' quarter of Fine Arts rcquil'l'IlH' nt 
Philosophy tol - can be substituted fu r Humanities 
2 
Sociology 10 . one qual'tl'r of Social Science 
requlfl'llll'nt 
Visual Arts 55 one quarter of Fine Mts 
requifl'llll'nt 
Visual Arts 188 one quarter ' of Fine Arts 
rl'quirt'l11l'nt 
Vi 'ual Arts 190 one quarter of Finc Mts 
requirement 

!) 

Anv Questions conn'rning the Rl'velle brl'adth requirements 
shouid be add res 'cd to lilt: vrnt'~ nf the Provost. Revelle 
College. 

lise of courses not dcsignated in the cata log for a particular 
major should b approved b~' the major advisor on a student 
petition. 

YESTERDAY WAS THE 
ANNIVERS ARY OF 
GEORGE WINNE'S DEATH 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, May 11, 1971 

Revelle Committee 
on College Affairs 

Jessico Beagles 
They didn 't publish pictures, 

but you can find me-I have long 
red hair and frequently wear 
purple. I hope to accomplish 
four things if I am elected. 
First, I would like to have the 
Revelle Craft Center installed 
and in use. Secondly, I feel a 
survey should be made 
regarding what to put in the 
center. 

As it stands, this year's 
freshman class, and perhaps 
next year's will use the center 
and have not been able to say 
what they would like in it. The 
money to furnish the center 
will need to be allocated next 
year. Also, opinions should be 
gathered about how the 
remaining money should be 
spent. 

Hopefully , next year the 
committee can sponsor more 

. groups, clubs, and special 
events such as the Rites of 
Spring. Finally, I think the 
series of meetings given by 
each department for 
prospective majors should be 
repeated, but repeated at the 
beginning of spri ng quarter 
rather than during mid-terms. 

Randy Eberts 
Is student government at all 

relevant? Is there any need for 
student government, or any 
organization for that fact? Can 
somet hing come from 
unorganized efforts, oc must 
students recognize some so.-t of 
orgamzation to forward their 
efforts. These are questions 
that I see confronting students 
at this time. Perhaps they are 
nothing new, but the problem 
still remains. 

I hear complaints that the 
student government doesn't 
address real issues and that it's 
tied up in the red-tape of 
bureacratic government ; and 
that student government is 
more administrative than 
representative, giving six 
students the task that one 
administrator could do just as 
well. 

Perhaps this is what has 
become of student government. 
But I say, don't scrap the whole 
system . There He 
opportunities open through the 
system. And if we stop treating 
it like high school government 
and demand our student 
government to face real 

problems, it can do something. 
But government is only as good 
as the efforts put into it. And 
that's where I'm beginning. 

Bob Goldste in 
When I came to Revelle 

College, I expected to find 
friends , lovers , and 
excitement. What do I end up 
with ... no love, no excitement, 
no nothing. And that's what is 
driving me to run for the 
Committee on College Affairs. 
My two qualifications are 
loneliness and frustration. My 
experience for the job can be 
found in hundreds of empty 
Friday nights. My motivation 
consists of the simple hope tha t 
someway, somehow, we can 
improve the dismal situation 
here. I've never been elected to 
office before. I'm not a 
politician; I'm just one of the 
people. I've felt the same 
hungers and pains that you 
have. Last, but not least, I'm a 
loveable human being. 

John Karayan 
Who I am is stated above. 

What I am follows. I have been 
solicited by a friend to become 
a candidate for RCCA. There 
are no pressing issues, so I 
shall not invent any. I believe 
in a restructuring of student 
government and of the 
administration of student 
money. I believe in drawing on 
internal sources to sa tisfy 
needs when external sources 
are for whatever reason 
inadequete. 

Specifically, I believe tha t 
there should be a freeze on 
capital-outlay allocation of 
Registration Fees so that these 
monies may be invested in 
school bonds earmarked for 
ucsn. with the interest on 
these bonds setting up a 
perpetual scholarship fund . 
These are my sentiments and 
political principles. If elected, 
I shall be thankful; it not. it 
hall all be the same. 

Bob McMahon 

feel my duty as a 
committee .member would be 
to harass (when necessary) 
Ernie Mort. Tom Hull , Bob 
Kavanaugh, and , when he 
shows up, Paul Sallman. In 
addition. I would cooperate 
with them when desirable. 
Aside from this duty, I have a 
plan to fulfill my responsibility 

********************** 
SAT MAY 22 
IN THE GYM 

BREWER 
AND 

SHIPLEY 
TICKETS $1 

UCSD UNDERGRADS 

TICKETS AVAILABLE 
UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 

********************* 

to Revelle College students. 
The Committee on College 

Affairs has some control over 
the use of the Revelle "free 
speech" plaza . I feel that it 
would be useful and practical 
to !Dere.1e the use of the plaza. 
Due to the "go to class" 
attitude most students have, 
even a spectacle such as Hitler 
reciting hiS memoirs at noon 
would not draw a sizable 
audience. I suggest that no 
classes be held during, say, the 
hours 11 : 00 a.m. to 12 noon, 
Tuesdays and Thursdays. 
These hours cou Id be devoted 
to speakers, rallies. and 
peaceful lunches on the grass. 

As you see, I have made my 
suggestion, and I don 't need to 
be elected for it to be effected. 
A vote for me will support my 
plan to keep the administrators 
mentioned above continuously 
agitated . 

Loretta Bollschweiler 

Vegetable Land was plagued 
by a horde of three-foot green 
skunks, its worst affliction 
since the potato blight. The 
only weapon the vegetables has 
was the Carrot King's star 
knight, Sir Broccli. Thi s 
brassica oleracae's saving 
talent was his amazing ability 
to convert himself into a green 
gumball which would 
immediately be devoured by 
one of the green sku nks. Once 
inside, Sir Broccli would turn 
into a miniature roto-rooter, 
utterly destroying the 
ecological balance within the 
skunk 's system. I feel that this 
is a common problem on the 
Revelle campus, not only 
among skunks, and if elected I 
will do all in my power to 
remedy this situation. 

Mike Roberts 

Vicki Bonesteele 
Sher ry (ompton 

Ch ris Good 

(1) I supported voluntary 
fees; 

(2) I am in favor of returning 
more power and money from 
the AS government to the 
various college governments; 

(3) I am against non-
voluntary student financial 
support of all poli tical 
publications and organizations 
on campus ; 

·hr", I"... (4) I would like to seek 

We of the 
Syndicate, whose 
distinguished cohorts 
themselves to be 
Bonesteele, Mi 
Compton, and Miss 
do ordain on this 
May, 11, 1971, the 101l10W Inu 
non-paid 
announcement. 

In running for the 
College Committee, we 
necessa ry to 
immediate and urgent 
involving students 

weekly reports on student 
government printed in the 
TRITON TIMES. 

Thank you. 

Mike Sheerin 
Pete McGough 

myraid social and Contemplating our position 
problems that affect over more than a few beers, 
ramifications are such our tangenital logic led us to 
there is seemingly the call the belief that in combining our 
perhaps need? ) for platforms we I.) only have to 
"woman . power" within write one of these, 2.) are in 
system that exists, a call total agreement and 3.) agree 
more "spontaneous," and/or disagree with petty 
effective action by politics. In our quest for an 
student demands can be ever broadening understanding 
and ameliorated. between us, the Revelle 

It is our intention to studen t government and 
the direct action 2.7182818284528536 . . . (e ) the 
problems within Revelle. faculty, we present a platform 
count on receiving of acknowledgement of the 
necessary allocation of proven theories of our 
from the A.S. in illustrious predecessors (i.e., 
reaching to those unborn petty politicians of the 
which as this time futurel. Pa r ad.ox i ca Ily 
organization cannot speaking, our precessors have 
cope with. (Sorry found that basic values held by 
wherewer you our ancestors are 
channel of fundamentally obnoxious. But 
between student and there you are. 
kept open in our What can we say? What can 
interaction with the we do? What can we do? To 
each of the meetings that influence you? 
to ensue. Also, opinion The conclusion is obvious. 
and the like will be Topaz and Knobhill have gotten 
continuously throughout together, so we get the voter to 
yea r to be su re decide the rest. We are 
communication is maWI'lInl'll. running. The reader may be 

One ultimately voting. But together we are 
' relevancy' within floating . We do not know 
that is established where, do you. Maybe you 

should be running. (and we 
would vote for you) . 
Condensed to the macroscopic 
level, we stand for l. Cracker 
Jack prizes, 2. tinker toys (for 
mind expansion during 
puberty , 3 . Plutanic 
philosophy , 4. Kantian 
philosophy. 

In summation, we guarantee 
decentralization, equity, your 
dollar, and finally, our good 
character. 

In the above 200 words 
(+2.7805) we have stated our 
noble (ignoble) platform. We 
want to win. Vote s&M. Think 
canned vegetables. Sneerin and 
McGough. The Magnificient 
Meteror Motley Machine. 

Norman Olney 

I've decided to run for 
Revelle College government 
because I don't have anything 
better to do this week. With 
that I am issuing a Sherman-
like Kennedy statement : " If 
nominated, I will not run, if 
elected, I will not serve, and if 
impeached, I will eat Kevin 
Olson's rubber duck." 

My qualifications for office 
are : l. I like David Shaw; 2. I 
am totally unscrupulous. All 
power to My Type of People! 
Remember , vote Yenlo 
Namron for Revelle 
Government. 

Kevin Olson 

The technological 
phili sti ni sm and artistic 
vacuity that characterize 
UCSD are due largely to 
intellectual decadence and 
spiritual apathy on the part of 
the student body. Ipso facto , it 
is up to the students to reject 
the reverse misoneism of youth 
culture (i.e. teleological 
contempt for authority ) and 

TIlE HAPPY WANDERER ••• 
LEAlUlED D Ull&, nuca oa OEBIUIf 
QUICKLY, EAllLY JUID DlEDENIlVELY ... 

seek constructive pathways to 
phenomenological under · 
standing of existence. 

One such possibility is the 
Revelle College government, a 
unit whose new political 
potence will hopefully outweigh 
its modest history. Realizing, 
however, the inexpugnable 
ontological absurdity of student 
power in the academy. my 
candidacy is an intellectual 
amphisbaena, with twin mottos 
dllm vlvimas, vlvamus and 
creo . als . b.udllm. 
Rubberduck! 

Revelle Executive 
Committee 

Pete Churgel 
I've heard many complaints 

here at Revelle about the 
requirements, curriculum and 
grading procedures. These 
complaints fall under the 
jurisdiction of the Revelle 
College Executive Committee. 
I know of no action taken by 
this committee or if they even 
know of the complain ts that 
have been voiced. I would like 
to get on this committee to be 
sure that voice is given to the 
complaints, and to see that 
some action is taken on them. 

Neither any other candidate 
nor I could guarantee any 
defInite results, but I will 
guarantee that any complaint 
brought to me will be brought 
up before the committee. I feel 
tha t change, no ma tter how 
minor, is important for the 
continuing benefit of a college 
to its students. 

Susan Marsh 

stud'"nt members of the 
committee do not include 
political experience, but rather 
the sincere interest of a student 
in the academic situation at 
Revelle. 

I am earnestly interested in 
maintaining high academic 
standards to preserve and build 
the reputation of Rl'velle 
College. I concur with the 
educational philosophy . of 
Revelle at least in theory. 

In practice, many things 
remain to be improved. 
Experimen ta I " proj ect " 
Humanities courses are a step 
in the right direction. Perhaps 
revision of the language 
requirement is in order. I feel 
the drop date should be 
extended until just before 
finals. Whether or not such 
policy changes are realizable is 
of course dependent on the 
adult majority in the 
committee. As a Revelle 
student I am only concerned 
with our advantage. I solicit 
your vote and if elected I will 
do my best to promote our 
welfare. 

Barbaro Randall 
am a candidate for a 

posi tion on the Execu live 
Committee and I take both the 
position and the Committee 
itself seriously. There is no 
better direct source of input 
available to Revelle 
undergraduates concerning 
course curriculum. grading 
procedures, and teacher 
evaluation ; that seems 
extremely important to me, 
and that is why I am seeking 
this position. 

I feel tha t the experience I 
have gained by being a member 
of the Revelle Committee on 
College Affairs for the past two 
years also gives me an 
advantage in familiarity with 
the red-tape in the College and 
experience in working with 
administrators and faculty 
tactfully, productively, and 
seriously. I would like the 
opportunity to do the same on 
the Executive Committee. 
Thank you . 

Sol Reisin 
Why are 192 units required to 

graduate from Revelle while 
only 180 are required at Muir 
and most other U.C. 
campuses? Why have other 
universities dropped their 
language requirements, i.e. 
Berkeley, Stanford, Cal Tech. 
Brown, etc., while language 

Want to see 
more news in 
the T rifon Times? 
We need more 
people to report it! 

Interested writers 
please see Carl in 
the TRITON TIMES 
Office, Bloke Holi. 

proficiency is still required at 
UCSD? Why must language, ;;; .. ---------~ 
humanities and other lower 
division classes be taken for a 
grade ra ther than on a 
pass/ fail basis? 

The answers to these and 
other questions deserve an 
answer . It is time that we the 
students at Revelle College 
took an active part in re-
evaluating the structures and 
goals of Revelle College. 

The voice of the students 
demands to be heard. Vote for 
Sol Reisin, Revelle Executive 
Committee. 

Eric Campbell 

For a while. I have been 
dissatisfied with the 
requirements of Revelle 
College and the philosophy that 
is behind them. Specifically: 

l. I believe the concept of the 
non-contiguous minor ought to 
be re -examined . Two 
possibilities are to a 1I0w a 
contiguous minor or to allow a 
series of six courses unrelated 
either to the major or each 
other. 

2. I am in favor of allowing 
the humanities equence to be 
taken un a pass/fail basis. 

SPORTS 
WRITERS 
NEEDED 
******* 

see 

ROCKY 

triton 
times I believe that the first 

respon ibility of government is 
to respect and protect the 
rights of the individual. It has ' 
been suggested that the 
Revelle College Government is 
trivial or unimportant. At 
present, this is untrue. The 
amount of money disposed of 
by the Revelle government, on 
the order of $5,000 is fa r from 
trivial. • 

betterment of the 
populus, and for 
amophous goal 
term"re levancy" is 
relative concept) , we 
say that we, the 
Syndicate, will try and 
to the best of our ability. 

At a Sullivan Language School. Be a 
happy wanderer by traveling the world with 
a second language at your command. 

There are issues at the 
present moment concerning 
the discussion of " late drop" 
policies. A-B-C-not pass 
grading alternatives, and both 
course and teacher evaluation 
procedures - all of which are 
in the foremost interests of 
Revelle undergraduates. I 
would like the opportunity to 
have an active and 
representative voice in the 
discussion of and policies in 
these crucial areas. 3. I would like to explore 

.;.;.::.;.;.;.:.;.;.:.;.;.:.;.: .. :.;.; .. :.;.: .. :.:.;.:.;.;.::.;.;.::.:.;.::.:.;.::.:.;.;.:.;.:.:.;.;.:.:.: .. :.:.: .. :.:.: .. :.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:,;,;.:.::,;::ways of finding more money 

111e1 .................................... __ .. r:::for T.A.'s in upper division 

If I am elected I will devote 
my efforts to keeping you 
in formed of government 
actions, and to returning the 
dt'rision-making power to you. 

Gary Kreep 

I am a Revelle junior 
for one of the poSHlom 
Revelle 
Affairs. 

My stands on the 
issues recently 
as follows : 

FRI MAY 14 
SAT MAY1S 

WAR & PEACE 
7:30 IN THE GYM 

FRI PART I 
SAT PART II 
TICKETS $1 GOOD 
FOR ENTIRE FILM 

SINGLE TICKETS FOR EITHER PART 
AVAILABLE AT THE DOOR. TICKETS 

GOOD FOR BOTH PARTS AVAILABLE 
AT THE UREY HAll BOX OFFICE 

Get to really know the people by 
speaking their language. 
It's only common sense. 
And common courtesy. 
Learn Spanish, French or 
German - step·by·step, on 
your own schedule, with a private 
Instructor, at a fraction the cost of 
most language courses. Call your 
nearest Sullivan Language School 
to arrange your first lesson FREE. 
There's no obligation, of course. 
Remember, the b~ingual traveler 
IS the happiest wanderer! Get haIPp~~-" 

2022 CAMINO DEl RIO NORTH · SAN DIEGO CA 9201 1 
291941 0 

Sullivan Language Schools 
THE FIRST REVOlUTIONARY APPROACH 10 lURNING ... SECOND lANGUAGE. 

An l<IuclllOn.1 dlYilion oj Ben,vlor,l RUUtC'" Libor.lories. Inc. 

DA~C[-DA~C£-DA~CE-DA~CE 

SEQUOYA 
SAT MAY 15 

8:30-12:30 
MONTEZUMA HALL SDS 

CASA DEL PONCHO 
MEXICAN 

WEDDING SHIRTS 
$12.95 

ALSO PEASANT SHIRTStO 
5221 lA JOLLA BLVD ~ 
(BIRD ROCK AREA) 

459-9161 ...., 

COFFEE HUT-COFFEE HUT 
WED MOVIES-WED MOVIES 

FREE-FREE-FREE-FREE 

THE CAINE MUTINY 
WITH HUMPHREY BOGART 

FREE-FREE-FREE-FREE 

ThaI's how many times PSA connects San Diego with Los An-
geles. Hollywood·Burbank. Ontano. Long Beach , Oakland. San 

Fra~c lsco . Sacramento. and San Jose . Wit" lowest air fares. 
Me~: your campus rep halfway. Or you r travel agent Or PSA. 

PSA gNes ,.. a 11ft. 

classes. 

HYPNOSIS 
CONSULTANT 

YOU CAN (ONTROl 
SMOKING·WEIGHT 
MEMORY·NERVES 

(ONfIDENCE·INSOMNIA 
SElf HYPNOSIS TAUGHT 

LOW LOW RATES 
D. RAKOW 

BY APT ONLY 281 -4580 

(except 5at Eve) 

CALIGULA 
Alhert Camu " 
penctnling duma or the-
dc c:adc nt Roman 
Empcror ... all who "ppo-e 
hi . di,loned illea, of 
human valuCM arc 
Ihrc.'ened hy C.ligula', 
'> nnnic'a l rulf! ... 
$1.50"_. W"_. n..... s-. _~ 
13 00 1"". Me . .... __ 1 
nOOIIo •. _ . MoyT6 
11 )OStv 1,-",e ... . '''ltt_MI. 

tIC s.. ..,eo 

I
I , 

L.A. to LONDON I return from Amsterdam I 
1'_ U / So .. 15 " 691 
IJ_21/Sop' , H"I 

"_'5/ ... u 12691 
I ... , So .. 26 " •• 1 
I ,.,.. 20n0W"Y'o ''''' '1361 I' 'WMd.,t. "Ch'"", fOI' ci~ovnt fit; .... lOftdo,,, _ I IT' .A .... sn .... _.'S?1O .. ........ ' 110 I 

cassius carter ~:':-Z ,!.i.s.o L .... ""00", .. , ... Ood , 
t t I MAIl COUPON OR 'HONf , cen re s agp. I . ,.,J, .... " .uiI • .".J" , , 

AD'AClII1 TO OlD GICIII nu,.. ~ c .SI .... ' .... I "'Ho.Ia_.. , 
....."H.,. . 

bcllboa pork 1 _ _______ - -------. " 
phone 239.2255 /fMz".,.. s. _ ____________ - I 

L.!:!~~~~~~~~~~~I~-_-_----------------- ! 
Tuesday, May 11, 1971 Triton Times Page 5 



Chancellorship Search ... 
I 

(ContlJlued from .. Ie 1) 
" tough" chancellors as the current crop gradually turns over. 
The appointment of the liberal Bowker last month may not only 
have strengthened their resolve, but also given them some 
bargaining power in San Diego. 

"San Diego has an unusually large number of faculty 
moderates, those who believe strongly in traditional academic 
standards-perhaps as many as 100," Alex Sheriffs, Governor 
Reagan 's chief educational advisor, told the TIMES. " People 
have an awful lot of faith in the San Diegocampus"that it could 
become a model for all the thing!\ that are good " 

On at least one occasion , Sheriffs told a prominent San Diego 
businessman that " what we really want at UCSD is a good 
successful businessman." That source was asked to look for 
likely candidates. but after some searching could find no 
qualified individual who was interested in the job. 

Since Grobstein is generally considered a liberal , he would 
not be the choice of conservatives hoping to appoint this kind of 
chancellor. 

Weakness of Hitch 

The rules of chancellor selection specify that the Regents 
may appoint only nominees of the UC President. Alter James 
Fletcher passed over the UCSD chancellorship for a job as 
head of ASA in February, Hitch reportedly settled on 
Grobstein and wanted to secure his appointment first in March 
and then in April. However , according to informed sources, he 
was unsure that he could get a clear majority vote on either 
occasion. 

Hitch 's tenure as UC President is very insecure. According 
to several highly reliable sources, conservative Regents are 
looking for an issue over which to sack him. Although the 
chancellorship ~t UCSD would not seem to be an appropriate 
vehicle, Hitch reportedly does not want to try to " force" 
anything past strong "O!:lposi tjon. '::-1 

The threat from one conserva(jve to block presidential 
policies confirms Hitch's weak po ition. Grobstein 's strongest 
suppor ters on the board fel t that there were enough votes , but 
the determined opposition of the conservatives has apparently 
been decisive. , 

One source told the TIMES, " After the Bowker appointment , 
one of the so-called liberals on the board told an anti-Grobstein 
man, 'We won 't try to shove this one past you .' " 

There has been persistent rumors that an effort might be 
made to appoint Grobstein anyway if enough conservatives 
failed to show up for a meeting, but these rumors have now 
been denied by several sources. 

As recently as 14 days ago Grobstein supporters were still 
hopeful for a May appointment, but Hitch 's two-week 

I 
• TOUCSD 

MICHAEL BUTLER PRESENTS 

CIVIC THEATRE 
June 1 Ihrough 26 

Eve, 01 830 - Wed 8. Sal. Mars 01 2,30 80. Oft,,, Sol. Open, Mon. 
May 10 Civic Theal'. So. Office. 3rd 8. 8 SI All Highlander Star ..... 
Metro AgenCIes 
Call 236·6510 for R.ser~al lan' All ~"o", under 18 years of age mull 
be accompanied by parent or legal guardian 

nIhil A •• ilobl. Ur., H.1l101 011;," 

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, May 11, 1971 

hospitalization following last April 's meeting combined with 
the~(' Gthe" developments to end the medical school dean's 
candidacy. ADcleDt Hiltory 

Still. Grobstein's candidacy showed remarkable longevity. 
Temporarily stopped last summer by conservatives with their 
" thumb' in the dike," Grobstein hopes came alive again 
shortly after the first of the year when active support grew up 
inside normally conservative San Diego business circles. 
Grobstein was discussed in several meetings between city 
leaders and Governor Reagan, while the rest of the Board 
found itself deluged by hundreds of letters. Many businessmen 
became convinced and some wrote to each of the 24 Regents . 

Most notably , the Executive Committee of the San Diego 
Chamber of Commerce wrote to the Regents and the governor 
that "Dr. Grobstein's professional qualifications as well ashis 
excellent relations with the San Diego community merit high 
consiaeration in your selection." On two other occasions, 
telegrams were sent by th~ chamber u~g~ng a speedy choice, 
and one of them again contalDed GrobstelD s name. 

While chamber leaders stress that the telegrams do not 
amount to an endorsement, they were widely considered to 
have the same effect. 

Another letter-writing campaign , possibly of even larger 
proporations, has been mounted in suppo~t of Hardin Jones, a. 
medical professor at Berkeley who IS conSidered very 
conservative. He has been to San Diego to speak on at least two 
occasions and has many determined supporters. 

The TRITON TIMES will follow up on these two groups at a 
later time. 

The two movements, one for a ' liberal and one for a 
conservative, seem to have neutralized oeach .<!ther . Since both . 
contained many prominent Republicans, Reagan in particular, 
but also public minded Regents , felt themselves in a double 
bind. 

Alex Sheriffs told the TIMES, "There is a great reluctance 
not to find the kind of person who would be exciting to these 
people." Since Sheriffs could not mention any names', 'he may 
have been referring-to either Jones or Grobstein, or both. 

In a meeting with busine.ssmen las\ Tuesday, Reagan was 
able to offer no hope for an early selection. There were too 
many forces involved, he said. . 

And in a letter to a l'QCal businessman as early as March, 
Reagan wrote of "Campaigns" that "can cre~te problems." 
Another official close to t~it governor voiced alarm ·at these 
movements which are "unneard of in academia ." 

A second element in Grobstein's comeback was the belief 
that he has support fr6m the broad majority of fac ulty on 
campus. At a caucus of department chairmen called at the end 
of March, a resolution was drafted urging a speedy selection , 
and noting that two men on campus, Chancellor Herbert York 
and Clifford Grobstein. met all qualifications and had the 
support of the faculty on campus. About 25 chairmen signed . 

York was apparently never considered by the Regents since 
he has resigned the chancellorship before. 

Array of Forces 

Altogether, the Regents divided into three or four factions. 
Against Grobstein were about seven determined 
conservatives. These were partially offset by a somewhat 
smaller number , perhaps as many as five , regular regental 
liberals. 

WAR 
AR 
R & P PE 

PEA 
PEAC 

PEAC 

Centering around Regent DeWitt Higgs, a third group of 
Regents was favorably disposed toward Grobstein. partly out 
of respect for Higgs, who was last year's board chairman, and 
partly in consideration of his strong business support . 
Grobstein's selling point was something like this : " He is a 
scientist on a campus full of distinguished scientists, and a 
progressive who mixes well with business types . This is a rare 
combination and we ougbt to make him chancellor." 

A fourth group. including chairman William French Smith 
and Governor Ronald Reagan, never committed itself. Hitch 
and Higgs at times thought this swing group would go with 
Grobstein. but the matter never came to a vote . 

Charges of unethical activity have been made by both 
opponents and supporters of Grobstein. Not surprisingly, the 
stalemate breaks down along familiar political lines . 

Conservative Regents and faculty believe that many of 
Grobstein's normally conservative business supporters have 
been "duped ;" and some anti-Grobstein men claim that his 
support in business circles comes in the anticipation that if 
Grobstein were to become chancellor, lie'would cooperate with 
" business interests" in rezoning land east of the campus~t has 
also been churged that the campus search committee has 
" packed" its slate of nominees so as to make Grobsteinstand 
out as the only serious candidate. -

Grobstein supporters , on the other hand, are angry that 
consetvative faculty on campus went outside the regular 
selection , process " to poison the Well" with scurrilous anti-
Grobstein material. It is further -charged that these 
conservative faculty represent only their~own opinions, and not 
" about 100 moderat~s " as they have claimM. . 

Governor Ronald Reagan, while not-committing himself on 
Grobstein , has several times expressed dismay a( the 
"campaigns" that have. . arisen in support of various 
candidates, presumably including Grobstein. 

Got Something To Say. 
ne editorial pagel of tbe TRITON TIMES are opeD to 

tbe eDtire Uniyersity commuity, U you feel tbe paper is 
too liberal or too conservative, wby lOt belp to try and 
cllange Its direction. If you feel , eertaln iliues or 
viewpoints bave been leaored or de-empbashed wby Dot 
express them yourf!tlf. Tbe TRITON TIMES seeks 
anicles expressing tbe views of individuals and 
orgaDiutions, .tldents and faculty, aid administration 
aad concerDed citileDS. If you feel your wrltlng 'abllity is 
equal to some of our columBists 'abe opportuuity to 
cootriiMJte 00 a regular basis is also opeD. All poteDtial 
columnists s~uld coollct the editorial director ; 
iDdivldual articles of opinioD sbould be seDt or delivered 
to tbe same, How well we reflect the UDiversity can he 
determined ouly tbrougb feedback from our readers . 
You can and sbould criticize or commend aay part of tbe 
paper tbrougb letters·to-tbe-editor. 

Homage 
South 

to the 
Swell 

ormal activities were suspended in La Jolla this weekend in 
honor of the first good soutb swell of the year. All surfers and a 
lot of thrill-seeking tourist types migrated to the south swell 
beaches- Black's, Windansea and mean old Big Rock. You 've 
got to understand that the south swell is the ultimate wave 
around here-everyone likes the Winter breaks, good days at 
Swami 's or super big days at the Cove ; but all through the 
winter everyone is bhinking about that first clean south swell . 

The north swell here comes from relatively nearby- a couple 
of thousand miles at best. The south swell , however, comes 
booming in from the big Winter storms somewhere off 
Antarctica , five or six thousand miles of ocean away from 
Windansea . By the time the waves arrive here, all the 
imperfections have been leached out of them by contrary winds 
and currents , and the swells arrive long and smooth and fast. 
And every surfer fr eaks out completely. 

A few incidents from the weekend : somebody takes off a 
little too far back at Big Rock , on a tubing, thick wave. Surfer 
and board pour over the fall s together . The board comes up in 
two pieces, stray bits of fiberglass and foam bobbing on the 
surface . A kneeboarder does the same thing, and swims in to 
have seven stitches put in his head. Another surfboard is 
cracked and battered on the Windansea rocks, while everybody 
paddles out to get their own share of the pounding. 

In between all the wipeouts come some fanlastic rides on 
nearly p rfect waves. The spectators on the clifftops get 
almost as exci ted as the people in the water , hollering like 
madmen every time somebody get tub d. The insanity was 
general thi weekend. just Iik it is every time the south swell 
arrives and Windansea pushes ten feet. 

If you surf, you nlready know about the fever that hits the 
coast in late Spring and Summer; and if you don 't, make a 
point to go down to one of the better b aches when the next 
swell com s in to watch the surfers gibbering and screaming 
and getting destroyed in total ecstasy. 

X -Rated Drama at Old Globe 
Larry Johnson 

Arts Write, 

Suppose you were in cbarge 
of the world and could I'UII it 
any way you wanted: would 
you eliminate war and pollution 
over population and poverty? 
Not many of us get the cbance 
to run the world any way we 
want, but one who did was 
Caligula, Emperor of Rome. 

Camus stresses is necessary 
for existential freedom : 
doesn't this then become 
somethinc of anon-arbitrary 
value? In any case, I would 
recommend the play for those 
interested in tbe nature and 
consequences of right and 
wrong. 

Third College Provides Fine Jazz Concert 
Mark Siegel support. I expected the audience to dWindle 

",. Staff Writer . some after the first set. because the intricacies 
I d like to welcome all o~ you to the first of and disciplines of jazz can at times be hard to 

what we plan to be a long senes of Tblrd College understand. But for each who left there came 
events . . . Roughly two years ago, on May 19, two to take his place 
1969, the BlackStudent,s Union and MECHA "We'd like to play 'for you a tune that was 
at lJCSD ISSU~ the Lumumba-Zapata written by Harold Land that 's dedicated to de~ands ... demandln~ that ~hlr~ College be Angela Davis ... He wrote this for her with the 
dedicated to the education of mlnOTlty youth and thought in mind that since the nation can send 
to the study of the contemporary SOCial all those letters in and free Lt. Calley why can't 
pr~blem~ of all people: we send some letters in and get Angela Davi 

It IS In keeping With those demands that we free? " " Ode to Angela " 
pr~sent the Harold Land-Bobby Hu tcherson It was fitting that the Quintet showed the 
QUI.ntet. For .It was felt ~hat . the cultures and audience some of the newest innovations in jazz. 
arti stic contnbutlOns of mmorlty peoples should With what I can only describe as something 
be pr~sented at UCSD, not only for the students similar to Trane 's sheets of sound, each 
of Third C~!lege, but for the students of UCSD instrumentalist showed that there was no 
as awhole. '. lacking in his technical ability in Land 's 

With tha~ short introductIOn by Joseph composition " De-Liberation." The speed with 
Watson, Third College pr?vost , the Bobby which tbe men worked was astounding. And 
Hutcherson-Ha:old La~d ~ulRtet launched mto most of all , Reggie Johnson. His fingers flew 
a full mght of Jazz at Its fmest for a standing- faster, and sound flowed out faster than I have 

room-?nl~ ~rowd of better than 1500 ever heard come out of a bass. It brought the 
enthUSiastic lIstener.s. " house down. With some lightening stick work 
. The QUlllt~t, consisting of Bill Henderson on and a whistle, Hooper brought the audience to 

plano, Reggie Johnson on bass, Stix Hooper on its feet as the concert ended. 
drums, Harold Land on tenor sax, and Bobby I can't say enough about these men as 

J:lutcher~n on VibeS, ~pened the first set with individuals and as a unit. Their sounds are 
!~ght , lYrical blu~ written by Land , and called exciting, and their creativity seems to be 

A Shade ~f Blue. . . Iim.itless . It was a fitting inaugural concert for a 
By the tune the first set was over It was clear senes that wiU enable the entire UCSD 

to everyon.e tha~ here .were artists who freely community to share in the powerful and 
sha~ed the~r feelings With the ~udience, and the beautiful expressions of Black music in 
audience In tum gave their whole-hearted America today. 

War and Peace 
inlheGyftl 

Corrie Rickey 
Arts W,iter 

The philosopher Camus, in 
his existentialist drama 
CaBpIa explores the logical 
consequences of man 's 
existential freedom. Just as 
Caligula could run Rome as he 
wished, so we can aU order our 
own lives (and ·thus determine 
the na ture of ou r own being) in 
any way we want, though with 
varying consequences. The 
problem is that no actions and 
no . consequences have any 
ultimate value or significance. 

I would particularly 
recommend this production 
because of tbe talented 
.execution by guest director 
Minerva Marquis and the 
acting troupe. Tbe talented 
Larry Golden is strong in the 
title role, conveying the 
torment and frustration that 
was tearing Caligula apart. The 
talented and attractive Trina 
Ciulfo is effective as the 
mistress, with some very good 
moments. Dean Ricbardson, 
unfortunately, is not quite able 
to bring out the full force of the 
rival, Chaerea. R. Bruce 
McLean as the loyal Helicon 
and Tom Kopache as the 
estranged friend, Scipio, both 
colltributed solid support with 
some very effective moments. 

Manson Followers at Muir? 
The Russian Revolution tried to efface memories of the 

opulent decadence of caste-system Russia by transferring the 
optimal value of the peasantry from longing for money to being 
brothers and being equal. 

The TRITON TIMES has learned from undisclosed 
sources tbat certain acts of violence, in all likelihood both 
felonious and inhuman, have occurred during the last two 

. weekends on the Muir campus. In an apparent anachronism 
to the legal and judicial systems of late 17 Century Salem, 
Massachusetts,it is understood that witch-burnings andlor 

. attempted witch-burnings have taken place. 

From an existentialist point 
of view there are three ways in 
which one may react to this 
absence of value and 
significance. Like most people 
(read "effete bourgeois"), one 
can deny this truth. Again, one 
can recognize this truth and 
attempt to construct a man-
made system of values to make 
life significant, as did 
Callpla'. foil Chaerea. 

Again, as the Caligula of the 
play, one can refuse this way 
out and, follOwing reason all 
the way, strive for the 
impossible, for only there can 
t!tere be any value. This way 
hes madness. This is no place 
for a complete discussion of the 
thought line, but one question 
which occurs to me concerns 
the reason and· logic which 

This play would be rated X if 
it were a movie. Since it isn't, 
the "Union" will run its 
advertisements. During a lush 
orgy there is even a TOPLESS 
scene, where ' Caligula 
publically has the wife of one of 
his subjects. (Best viewed 
from the south-west corner). 

9ne UCSD faculty member is said to have directed the 
proceedings of injustice- Eric Christmas, Theatre Director 
of the Drama Department. Asked about charges of alleged 
violence, Christmas replied : " Violence, Schmiolence! For 
those of you interested in the pursuit of good theatre , take a 
chance and come and see us." . 

For those of you interested. in violence : go see The 
~clble. For those of you interested in drama : go see The 
Cnclble, For those of you interested in picking up some 
culture : go see Tbe Crucible, For those of you interested in 
the support and perpetuation of the Drama Department at 
UCSD: go see fbe Crucihle. Tbe costumes and makeup are truly weird, but effective, 

as is the lighting and set. In 
general, the production is well 
executed, entertaining, and 
intellectually challenging . 
eau,ula is playing nightly, 
eJcepting Mondays, at the Old 
Globe Theatre through May 16. 

The Crucible, an Arthur Mtller play about injustice of 
society to its members and the witch-burnings of colonial 
America, is being performed by the UCSD Drama 
Department this week, Thursday through Saturday nights 
at 8 p.m. in 1330-20. Tickets are available in the Urey Hall 
box office at $1 for students and $2 for everyone else, 

A Season's End for the Symphony 
larry Johnson 

Arts Writer 
We may already have seen the next 

conductor of the San Diego Symphony. 
The recent guest conductor. Akeo 
Watanabe. may well take over as Zoltan 
Rozsnyai. the current conductor. lays 
down the baton at the end of the current 
ea on. Seeing and hearing Watanabe 

perform was quite a treat. The co ncert 
Covered a wide variety of mu ica l types . 
and his conducting was well conceived 
and executed at all poi nts of the musical 
spectrum. 

Mozart's " Marriage of Figaro" 
overtu re was performed with the 
composer's light and graceful good 
humor. In another vein. Gershwin 's 
jazzy "An American in Paris" was done 
well .and zestfully. with some very 
effecttve trumpet work by David 
Greeno. The orchestra as a whole 
re ponded very well to the idiom. 
Ravel's "La Val e", if I might be 
allowed to mix imagery. could be called 
an es ay in mu ica l cubism. By that I 
mean that Ravel break his ubject (the 
Waltz l down into it component part . 

analyzes their emotional and technical 
significance. and inter-relationships. 
This is tougb going for any orche tra . 
but while they missed ome of the 
subtleti es. they came through with a 
good ense of style and Watanabe 's fine 
conception . 

Rounding out the program was 
Sibelius' Symphony No.2. in D Major. 
an old favorite . Thi was a very 
rewarding effort on the part of the 
orchestra and conductor. A texture of 
rich re onances interwoven with 
melodies of heroic gra ndeur, the 
Symphony is both challenging and 
rewarding. 

Rozsnyai took the baton for the fina l 
concert of the regular season. leading 
the massed orchestra and an Diego 
State College Chorus. aideol by th!:' San 
Diego Symphonic chorale and the boys 
of the 5t. Paul's chori ter, in 
Ginastera 's adaptation of Psalm 1SO. 
The diffi culties in integrating 300 
performer are great. but zest and 
enthusiasm mad up for any lack. 
Beethoven ' Symphony No . 9 
("Choral"l in D Minor. opu 125. 

concluded the program and Rozsnyai 's 
local career. 

St. Paul's Chorister 's did not take 
part, but we had four good soloists led by 
the nC)ted bass-baritone McHenry 
Boatwright. His richly powerful voice 
was aided by that of Chris Lachonas, 
tenor. Gloria Cutsforth. soprano, and 
Marvellee Carriaga. mezzo. The 
orchest ra came through well. 
particularly in the last movements . 
though there were orne rough spots, 
including orne ragged entrances and 
exits 

While comparisons are odious. the 
que tion naturally arise of the relative 
performance of the two conductor . 
They were doing works of very different 
natures, but it was evident that 
Watanabe 's dlrf'('tlOns were more 
definitive and decisive. Some member ' 
of the orchestra were heard to add that 
they were more artistic. 

Of great importance to th Sympho y 
i the current fund drive to get money 
for a Ford Foundation matching funds 
grant. If San Diego can dig up half a 
million dollar . th Foundation will 
supply a like amount . We have until Ih 
end of June to make it. More community 
re pon e i needed to support our 
Symphony 

Although the Russian government refused for many years to 
romanticize the Russian past of glittering palaces, tbick sable 
coats, and luxuriant coaches; a film , based on what many are 
want to call the "greatest novel of all time", a film which 
cont~a~ts this vacuous splendor with the reality of war, 
peshlence, poverty, was made in 1968. The film , of course, is 
War aDd Peace, based on the Tolstoy novel that, traditionally, 
no one ever finishes . 

During the 19SO's a rather laughable version of War aDd 
Peace was released in England and Americca. This film, 
directed by King Vidor, and approximately as Russian as 
Schenectady, starred Henry Fonda as a rather phlegmatic 
Pierre. Fonda was about as Russian and P4erre-ish as Leslie 
Howard is Al Capone-ish. Fonda 's co-star, Audrey Hepburn (as 
Natasha ) spent a lot of time emoting to the walls displaying 
her lovely profile rather than really being the Natasha I had 
envisioned while poring over the endless pages of the 
mammoth novel. (I reached the chapter where Napoleon 
becomes dubious about leaving the troops in Moscow.) 

The new version of War aDd Peace, however, has several 
points in its favor . The main point is that it's trulv an excellent 
(although lengthy ) fitm , it's authentically Ru;sian, and the 
actors and actresses don 't have westernized faces , westernized 
projected images of what clothing was like then, nor do they 
undergo western traumas. The painful sequences in War aDd 
Peace, although universally applicable , somehow look much 
better when acted by Russians who could much better 
empathize with the situation than could a handful of 
Englishmen. War and Peace was directed by Sergei Bon 
darchuk, hailed as the greatest Russian director since his 
namesake Sergei Eisenstein. Not only does Bondarchuk 
direct the film , he also sta rs in it as Pierre. The film won 
heavy acclaim from critics of every country, it won the 
Academy Award for Best Foreign Film of 1969 lit beat oul Z, 
for the top honors J. 

The film ha orne of the most superlative battle scene 
since---? And the mo t amazmg ballroom and parlor 
sequence since its Ameflcan cultural counterpart. Gone With 
the Wind. The . film is without a doubt the greate t epic 
probably ever filmed , and all. whether they are Russian Lit 
majors who haven't read the novel through yet. Historians, 
pro pectlve filmmaker , should watch its amazing contra t 
between wealthy high Ru sian class. and the fact that all m n 
are the same when they ar~ in war. 

Th greatest pOint War and Peace has In It favor i the fact 
that .it· being hown in the gym thu Friday and aturday 
evenmg May 14 and 15. The gym will be particularly lIell 
prepared, becau e there Will be a forty-foot screen. 35 
millimeter film projector. and there will be a ound system 
borrowed from the Anomaly Factory, and chair will be t up " 
on the floor of the gym . Ea.'h part of the movie I incredibly 
different from the next ; n c ne there will be war the next 
ar intimat sOi ree in St. Peter burg. The movie is r~ally fine ' 

an~ ticket are verv rPllson hlp 1/ P "tn " r" .h to buy 
a ttcket I good for both nights), the charge Will be $1.00. For 
non-student UC Drs, the prtce wllll be $I.SO. ingle ticket at 
the door will "0 t $.75 for on night for 0 ·t!ldenl . The 
movi , although garga ntuan and so terribly cryptic at time , i 
o? of th fin l epic In film histor . Be a at th gym at 10:30 
o clock, get there early and bu our tickets in advance. Thi i 
on of tho e film ou never want to mi . 

Tuesday, May 11,1971 Triton Times Page 7 



TUESDAY, 
MayU 

MEETING -S p.m., Revelle 
Formal Lounge, Conscientious 
Coffee for those currently in 
the process of filing CO status 
or considering. 

3:30 p.m., HL Aud. Revelle 
College Faculty Meeting. 

7 p.m., USB 4060B, Triton 
Wargaming Society. 

S p.m.. Revelle Informal 
Lounge, AMES. 

7 p.m., 5243 Bldg . 2C , 
Linguistic . 

2 p.m., Revelle Formal 
Lounge, Philosophy. 
LECf RES-7:30 p.m., USB 
2722, forum commemorating 
the centennial of the Pari 
Commune and di cus ing its 
significance, with Herbert 
Marcuse. 

7 p.m., USB 2622, Hopi Indian 
Religiou Leader Thomas 
Banyacya will peak for the 

nited Native Americans of 
CSD. 

YOGA-7:30 p.m., 2C 2nd 
Floor, Bhak-Tl Yoga . 
FILM-12: 15 p.m .. 1105 Ba ic 
cience Bldg., School of 

MedlclO , Office of Learning 
Resources present a 20 minute 
documentary, "Population and 
Pollution ... 

WEDNESDAY, 
May 12 
MEETING -noon-l p.m., 2B 
2139. Campus Crusade for 
Chri t. 

6-S p.m .. USB 3050B, Alpha 
Sigma Phi. 

7 p.m .. 201 MC. BS U. 
7 p.m .. 1205 H-L, Psychology 
7:30 p.m., USB 3030A, 

Workers Le'!Eue Club. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
lor services 
Tues. thru Sat. 

233-8328 

LECfURES-4 p.m., Revelle 
Informal Lounge, Dr. Ray 
Russell , " Black Man 's Quest 
for Social Justice in the 20th 
Century . " 

7 p.m., 2622 SB, University 
Extension Series, Dr. Lewis 
Judd, "Drugs on Campus : Is It 
an Epidemic Problem ?" 
Tickets on sale at door. 
FILM-S p.m., Revelle 
Cafeteria, "Winter Soldier" 
film and presentation by 
Vietnam Vets Against the War . 
SUPPER-5 p.m., niversity 
Luthera n Church , supper 
followed by Bible Study at 6 
p.m. and inquire group at 7 
p.m. 

THURSDAY, 
May, 13 

MEETINGS-7 p.m., Tioga 
Hall, 9th Floor Seminar Room, 
Bahai Club. 

7 p.m., 2E3-1102, MOSCA. 
Sp.m., USB 40SOA, SIMS. 
7:30 p.m., Revelle Formal 

Lounge, Dr. Ray Rus ell will 
be guest for an informal 
student-faculty di cuss ion . 
UC D community welcome. 
LECfURE -4 p.m., Revelle 
Formal Lounge . Prof. C.R. 
Cheney will speak on "The 
1agna Charta : It Meaning 

For Contemporaries. ,. 
S p.m., 2105 Bonner Hall , 

Revelle, Dr. Richard Herr will 
peak on "An Example of 

Quantitative Hi tory: The Di -
entail of Spanish Church 
Propertie , 1798-1808." 
FILM-noon, 2622 USB, AME 
film " Waves in fluids ." 
PLAY-S p.m., 133020, "The 
Crucible" Stu. 1. Gen. Adm . $2 

., 
lour, »/lAm 

.s4,£6~ 
~s~p,~ 
7/fr31ao 

r----------------------------------------

If you can drive it, 
we'll insure it 

for less. 
o matter what you drive - from a conservative Volkswagen to a radl' 

, al hot rod - we can save you money on your car Insu'rance 
olicgc ~t:l(i~" , Insurance Service has been working with the Auto 

nSiHance Industry for 5 years to proy" ttl;!, r n!lp e students deserve 
ow r rates on their car Insurance Now, If you 're an ASSOCiated Student 
llember. you can get Group Discounted Auto Insurance at an average sav-
nilS of 48~o In California Plus, you can continue your coverage after 
fou 're out of school. 

for a personal quote. call CSIS today. 

We feel that you shouldn't have to pay more to Insure your car than you 
did to buy It 

5090 College Ave. 
583·9393 

C.S.I.S. We're on your side. 
Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, May 11, 1971 

FRIDAY, 
May 14 

LECTURES-noon , Revelle 
Plaza, John Vasconcellos , 
Assemblyman, 

4 p.m., HL Aud ., Dimension 
presents Roger Freeman , 
"National Priorities in the 
Decade Ahead" 

3 p.m ., Revelle 
Lounge , Raymond 
"Urban nrest in 
Ulm " 

Informal 
Brodek, 

Medieval 

CONCERT-7 :30 p.m., St. 
Mark 's Methodist Church in 
Clairemont, UCSD Chamber 
Choru will perform. 
PLAY-8 p.m., 2D 1330, "The 
Crucible" Stu. $1 , Gen. Adm . 
2. 

FILM-7 :30 p.m., Gym, Friday 
ight Flicks, "War and Peace" 

(part I I. 
INTERNATIONAL 
CL 8-7 :30 p.m.. Revelle 
Informal Lounge, Election 
Night and celebration, 10¢ 
admission . 

ANNOUNCEMENTS-

Tune your head into KSDT 
for far-reaching sounds-jazz, 
rock .. countr y. specia l 
program . information on 
school happening ! 

The deadline for submitting 
petitions reque s ting 
permi sion to transfer Irom 
other CSD colleges into John 
Muir College i 4 p.m .. Friday, 
May 14 . 

Anyone having photo or 
movies of the March 28 Ocean 
Beach demon tration please 
contact William Thornhill at 

MASON 
WILLIAMS 

PLUS 
THE SMITH FAMILY 

ADMISSION $3.00 
FRI-SAT -SUN 
OPENS 8 PM 

the Cal Western University 
Law School , 224 -3211. 
Documentation is needed for 
defense of three people 
arrested at that demonstration. 

Lost dog : white, Samoyed; at 
the Rite-of-Spring Festival , 
Lic . o. 609S. If found notify 
Tuck Donnelly, 142 B.No. 
Helix, Solana Beach, 755-7923. 

Lost in the Revelle Informal 
Lounge April 23 . Dus 
Wohltemperiere Klavier , Vol. 
I-SS Bach ed. Bela Bantok. 
Please return to TRITON 
TIMES Office. 

Summer housing will be 
available for students working, 
doing research or attending 
Summer Session. Applications 
must be in the housing office, 
250 MC, by June I , 1971. For 
further info call ext. 2021. 

Graduating students or 
students who do not plan to 
return to UCSD for the Fall 
1971 quarter and who have 
out s tanding NDEA , 
Educational Fee Deferment, 
Regents' or other type loans 
should contact the Loan 
Collection Office, 204 MC, 
regarding an exit interview. 
Deferment of payments and 
partial cancellation of loans 
are available and granted only 
upon receipt of th necessary 
form . Appointment may be 
arranged by calling Jan 
Fitzgerald or Flo Rogers. ext. 
2616. 

Cultural Traditions EA T 
AS IA sequence next year will 
not be the same as it has been 
this year . Professor Reynolds 
and Professor Yip plan to foclIS 
on Oriental culture as seen 
from the standpoint of their 
arts. 

If 
you art i.'er.s,ed i. _I.r (yd.s 

w .... 4 a (_pus r.p. 
yeur (levi eM fUr pie •• .,.Is ~rH4 

.. _fils f.r yeu 
No phone (0115 

Stop in and see John 

?AC~r~C 
Y.i.M~NA 

1UI lernlt IVI 
Icific lauch 4 .. ·.555 

Travel 
EUROPE: $225.$280. Also 
ISRAEL and JAPAN Spring and 
Summer flights available call 
755·3990 after 5 p.m., ar write 
E.s .IE.P. - UCSD 8217 Beverly 
Blvd., Los Angeles, Calif. ,L5,1.!J 
Europe Jet Charter Flights. 
Spring Special. March 30 thru 
June 15 - $268, Plus full 
summer program. Call Leslie 
582·9098 after 5. (R) 
EUROPE/ ISRAEL/ EAST AFRICA 
One way and round trip student 
travel discounts. SOFA agent far 
over 2000 inter-European 
student charter flights . 
CONTACT: IsCA 11687 San 
Vincente Blvd., No.4, L.A. 
Calif., 90049. TEL: (213) 826-
5669. (6-4) 
EUROPE CHARTERS. Several 
schedules from $250 roundtrip, 
$150 oneway. Coordinator: 

STITCHERY, 
NEEDLEPOINT Clas .. s and 
supplies. 5721 la Jolla Blvd, (In 
Rorence's Pary Shop) 454·1512. 

(5-4) 

Jobs 
Mal. students part/ full time, $3 
hr. plus scholarship. Call 224· 
2864. (RI 
AMBITIOUS MEN of all trades, 
north to AWKA and YUKON, 
around $2800 a month. for 
complete information write to 
JOB RESEARCH, P.O. BOil 161 , 
Stn. A, Toronto, Onto Enclose $3 
to cover cost. 16-41 
HELP WANTED · ORANIC 
INTEWGENT ATTRACTIVE GIRL 
FOR PART TIME POSITION IN 
NORTH COUNTY ART 
EXPERIENa HELPRIL BUT NOT 
NECESSARY CAU STANLEY 753· 
8805. EVENINGS AFTER 8 PM. 

(R) 
Services Professor Margaret Pool, 247 

Roycroft Long Beach 90803 213· 
438.2179. (5.28) Typing . . . Experienced typist . . . 

CHEAPEST Term papers, theses. Electric 
JETS TO EUROPE FROM LA AND typewriter. Will do rush jobs. 
NY. IMMEDIATE ISSUANCE IN. ' 453.6835 (!L 
TNt STUDENT 1.0. CARD & DISTINCTIVE TYPING 

IBM EXECUTIVE 
TICKETING 2000 INTRA· Service on Schedule. Modest 
EUROPEAN / ASIAN/ AFRICAN Rates. Satisfaction is the end 
CHARTERS, EURAILPASSES. CAR product. Helen 459.8888 (R) 
PURCHASE AIS FUGHTS No. 
105, 9056 SANTA MONICA, L.A. Typing - for accurate Typing on 
90069 TEL 274·8742 (5/ 28) electric pica - term papers, 
turope charters. so Departures, theses, manuscripts, etc. Call 
also from N.Y. Africa, India, Mrs. McCroskey 287·1607. (R) 
Israel. 60 per cent Off. Free info: Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 
EASC, 323 N. Beverly Dr., Try James Automotive Service 
Beverly Hills, Calif., 90210. American and Foreign Cars 

~hone:( 213)276-6293 . (5/ 11) Repairs and Pollution Control. 
Student Discount 7748 Hershel UNI ~~ ~'i.~ la Jolla (in the rear) 459.9181( R) 

LOS ANGELES/LONDON/LOS ANGELES TYPING DONE 50 aNTS A 
Depart Return Week i 

1 June 15--- Aug 15 9 
2 June 19---Aug 15 8 
3 June 24---Aug 22 9 
4 June 24-- -Sep 5 11 
5' June 27---Sep 13 12 

* LA/ London/A.m.t..erdu 
July 1 - - -Sep 3 9 
Aug 17---Sep 19 4 
Sep 5 ---Oct 3 4 

Cos t 

$275 
$275 
$275 
S275 
S275 

S275 
S268 
S258 

ONE WAY PLIGHTS TO EUROPE 

2E June 14 - -LA/London $148 
2C July 26--LA/London $139 
3E Aug 19--LA/Madrid/prank S135 
4E Sep 6 --LA/London $123 
5E Sop 12--LA/London S1 23 

ONE WAY FLIGHTS PROM EUROPE 

lW June 14--Amsterdam/LA 
2W Aug 8 --London/LA 
) W 5ep l6 --London/LA 

$139 
$139 
S148 

STUDENT 10 CARDS 
Rail Passes 

Available only t o Univer.ity of 
Cali fornia students, r~cul ty, 
e mployee • • extenllon and Alumni 
Hell\bera plus immedia te t.miliel . 

UNI~~1 ~VJ-l;; 
]007 Broxton Avenue 
Lo Angeles 90024 

TELE : 477-1111 or 17)-444 3 

EUROPEAN TRAVEL wh ile 
earning college credit! ROME, 
VENICE, PARIS, etc. 31 days 
$985, 41 days $1095. Up to sill 
or more units, plus a good time. 
larry Johnson, 283·9593. (R) 

Housing 
Interviewing people for new 
studio rentals for the fall quarter 
in Del Mar. Furnished $125.00 
mo. Write BOil 8, 1027 Feldspar 
St. Pacific Beach, SD 92109. 

( 5· 11) 
Personals 

FEMALE WANTED TO SHARE 
DRIVING TO NEW YORK JUNE 
6 OR 7. CALL 453-6129 AfTER 6. 

(5·141 
LOST: GREY /WHITE, SLENDER-
HUSKY LOST NEAR SCRIPPS. 
CALL ext 2768 (5. 111 
NEEDED One together Congo 
player. Call Rod or David at 755· 
8701. (5.18) 

PAGE WITH COPY. PHONE DAYS 
488·3496 ASK fOR NANCY OR 

TRISH. 15_?1 1 
typing reasonable rates call 
488-3188. I ~I 

For Sal. 
STEREO FOR SALE, FISHER 200T 
STEREO RECEIVER $150 USED, 
$300 NEW, SONY TC-252D 
TAPE DECK $80 USED, $125 
NEW, (2) QUADRAFLEX 3 
SPEAKHS TWO WAY $40 A 
PAIR USED, $91/ PAOR NEW . . 
.AU THIS FOR $225. CONTACT 
BRAIN AT 453-8804 or COM!: 
TO <;.46 TIOGA HAU. ( 5·14) 
8JO.DEGRADAILE PRODUCTS 
FOR SALE. lETTER PRODUCTS 
FOR PERSONAL HYGIENE AND 
HOME CARE. SAVE THE 
ENVIRONMENT AND MONEY. 
CAU 453·5849. (5-11) 
1962 CHEVROLET BELAIR. VERY 
GOOD COND. WANT $175 
AND/ OR BEST OfFER. CAU 755· 
6516 . EVENINGS, LEAVE 
MESSAGE. (5-25) 
'64 Pontiac GTO Conv. 389 cu. 
in 4-speed. Excellent condo 
$600.00. Call Jim at 755· 655 1 
after 6 p.m. 15.141 
69 DATSUN 200 0 
CONVERTIBLE. 5 NEW RADIAL 
TIRES, ROU BAR, NEVER RACED, 
SAC AT $1895 CAU 459.7843. 

( 5.1Il 
64 CLASSIC RAMBLER $1 85 -
61 MGA $600 OR BEST OFfER. 
CALL EXT 1987 OR 454-4445 
MR. SZIKORA. (5.11 ) 
FOR SALE: 25 WATT HEATHKIT 
MONO AMP EXEaWNT COND 
PLUS TURNTABLE. WANT $25 
OR BEST OFfER- WILL TALK. 
CALL STU AT 755·6516 
EVENINGS. ( 5·11 ) 
1968 MUSTANG CVTM 289 
AUTOMATIC. SUGHT BODY 
DENTS, OTHERWISE PERFECT. 
33000 MILES MUST SELL LETS 
BARGAIN. ellt 2421 DR. BERGER 
OR 755·8815. (5·11) 
FOR SALE, VOLKSWAGEN 1968 
SEDAN EXCELLENT CONDITION 
WE LL MAINTAINED RADIO 
49000 MILES $1200, 755·9140 

NOll 'VZIN'V~!lO ll:JO!ld'NO, 


