
Curran Trial 

Light Shed on Local Politics 
Fronk Phillips 
Stoff Writer 

While UCSD students were doing whatever vacationing 
college students do, Francis Earl Curran, San Diego's mayor , 
was busy defending himself in Court against charges ranging 
from accepting bribes and violating the California Election 
Code to conspiracy to pervert and obstruct justice Late 
Wednesday, after two days of deliberation preceded by three 

NEWS ANALYSI 
weeks of hearing testimony, a jury of Curran 's peers found him 
innocent on all counts. 

Ignoring the question of whether justice has been well-served 
by the acquittal of Curran, known affectionately among his 
political enemies as "Cuddles," the trial must be viewed as 
significant and valuable because of its exposure of the 
somewhat corrupt workings of local politics. Curran was the 
first to go on trial among eight present and former city 
officials indicted in October on various charges relating to the 
alleged acceptance of bribes from Charles Pratt, former 
president of the Yellow Cab Company, in return for favorable 
votes on a application for a 22 per Ct!nt increase in cab fares in 
1967. 

Pratt Still in Hot Water 
It was Pratt's testimony which was most interesting. He wa 

granted immu~ity from al.1 state prosecution in retur~ fO.r his 
damaging testimony agamst Curran and the other m~lct.ed 
officials. According to John Hewicker, the assistant dlstnct 
attorney handling Curran's prosecution, " Pratt is a rat. .. he 

VOLUMN 12, NUMBER 2 

squealed to save hi own skin." He, however , still faces 
prosecution from the federal government on income tax 
evasion and fraud charges which , according to the calculations . 
of Curran 's attorney George McClenahan, could bring him over 
60 years in pri on and several hundred thousand dollars in 
fines . 

Pratt testified that h paid Mayor Curran a total of 3500 in 
return for a favorable vote on the cab fare increase request. 
Pratt said he felt it was necessary to pay the money because a 
consultant retained by City Attorney Ed Butler had prepared a 
report showing that the increase would result in nearly a 100 
per cent increase in profit for the Yellow Cab Company. 
Curran allegedly told Pratt after receiving a $1000 check that 
he (Curran ) "would take care of Stanley Lanham (the city 
attorney 's consultant )." When the rate increase request came 
before, the council at a hearing in October of 1967 Curran 
ruled Lanham out of order before he could finish one ntence 
of his report. 

Hitcb AI 0 Supported 
Pratt revealed that he contributed $4000 to Curran ' 1967 
oppo~ent in the election for mayor. Allen Hitch. who is al 0 
under indictment. The former president of the Yellow Cab 
Company testified that it was his policy to contribute to both 
sides in local election . He inferred that this is a common 
practice among businessmen in order to incure favorable 
treatment no matter who wins. For Curran 's defense. attorney 
McClenahan relied heavily on the testimony of the mayor . 
Observers agreed that Curran gave very poor testimony. Many 
of his answers bordered on the absurd. Curran testified that 

(continued on page 2) 

University 01 Colilornio, Son Diego JANt ARY 8, 1971 

Third College Formulates Bylaws 

Buffalo Bob Smitb as be captivated tbe crowd Wednesday night 
in the Revelle Cafeteria. See story on page 3. 

John Zoller 
Stoff Writer 

Third College students Tuesday night took another step 
toward formulation of the by-laws that will regulate the 
operation of their college. By a 14-13 vote . the cauc'u 
recommended that the Third College Board of Directors 
consist of the Provo t. three faculty member . and thr e 
students. The recommendation pecified that the tudent 
representatives should be one black and one chicano, with a 
third student to represent the white. A ian- merican and 
American Indian element in the college. Each stud nt 
director would be elected by his respective ethnic group. 

The proposal will go next week to the Third ollege General 
As embly. membership in which i open to anyone, including 
staff .who are formally affiliated with thE! college. There it will 
be considered along with an alternate plan propo ed b faculty . 
The faculty plan, while maintaining the same number of 
student . faculty . and admini tration on the Board of 
Directors, provide ' for election of student repre entative 
through a process that would not guarantee any pecific ethnic 
balance. 

tudent Alternative Formulated 
Consensu of tudent opinion at the la t Genera l embly 

was against this faculty plan , and Tuesday' meeting wa 
called to formulate a tudent alternative. There is no 
a surance, however. that Tuesday night' propo al will finally 
be accepted. A compromi e, or an entirely new approach. i 
possible. 

Financial Losses Result in Cafeteria Cutbacks 
Molly Se/vin 

Associate City Editor 

Cafeteria ervice are being 
sharply curtailed thi quarter 
as a result of 475 additional 
re id nt tudents exercising 
th ir option to pay for room 
only in their resid nce hall 
contract. 

B ginning in th fall quarter . 
tudents have b en given the 

option of paying lor room only 
or buyin meal scrip indud d 
in th ir dorm contract. They 
may change option if th y 
wi hat th end of each quart r. 

At the nd of th fall quarter. 
th caf teria manag 01 nt 
di cover d thatlh af t ria ' 
mcome for lhi qu rt r would 
not be ufficient to sustain th 
original hour of operation. 

income ha 

For example. on the short end of Tu sday' 14-13 vote wa a 
plan that would have set member hlp on the Board of Director 
at five faculty . five student . and the Provost . peclfymg 
furth r that the blacks. chicanos. Asian-Amen an . American 
Indian . and white hould ach provide one of the memb r 
Ayda Lucero. an Asian-American. argued that mc the 10 109 
plan repre ented th entiment of such a ubstantial numb r of 
people, it should al 0 be ent to the General mbly for 
po sibl adaptation " We 've alway been I ft in the 'oth r . 
category," she said. " but only an ethnic can repre ent hi or 
her own people. Let's let the whole a mbly decide between 
the two plan ." 

" If not fair to the larger numb r of black to have only one 
repre enlative on a five-man board ." returned one black . 

" We should not be penalized b cau we have not yet begun 
to re ruit ," Lucero replied. Of th 150 tudent in Third 

ollege. approximat Iy one third are black . whll there are IX 
Asian-American 

Board Already Un\\ieldy 
Percy Myer , a black and a member of the ollege ' 

pro isional Board of Director . argued that the provi lonal 
Board pre enlly con i ted of ven member . and that It wa 
already unwi Idy. To increa e the number to 11 (five tudent . 
five [acuity. and th Provo U would . h • Id . make the Board 
too large to function ff cl1v Iy. 

Beside . Myer continued. the meeting h d be n called to 
formulate a ingl alterna tive to the faculty plan. and if the 
tud nt caucu were unable to choo e betwe n two plan. " it 

would lend credence to the belief of om faculty that tud nt 
are nev r abl to get them elve togeth r over anything .. 



UCSD Given Top Grad School Rating 

The University of California, San Diego has been rated 
among the top graduate schools in the nation in a survey 
released Sunday in Washington, D.C., by the American 
Council on Education. 

The survey, titled "A Rating of Graduate Programs," was 
conducted by the ACE in 1969. It compares 130 colleges and 
universi ties in all parts of the United States each having 
graduate programs in two or more of 36 se lected academic 
disciplines. 

UCSD was rated among the top graduate schools in 10 of the 
36 disciplines included in the survey with the added opinion that 
the doctoral program in each discipline was better now than 
five years ago. 

Those disciplines in which UCSD received a high rating were 
English, philosophy, biochemistry, developmental biology. 
molecular biology, chemistry, geology, mathematics, physics, 
and Spanish. In each of these disciplines some 70 to 75 per cent 
of the scholars indicated they thought the quali ty of the UCSD 
programs was better now than it was five years ago . 

Several of the categories surveyed , such as art history, 
pharmacology, political science, and zoology, have not yet 
been established as doctoral programs at the San Diego 
campus. 

Free Journali m Cour e 

"Organization of Information" is a free course offered 
Tuesdays and Wednesdays from 4 to 7 p.m. in USB 3060. It is a 
complete writing and communications workshop designed to 
train and tutor persons interested in professional writing of 
articles, books, theses, term papers, reports, and journalism. 

The course is open to the public and sponsored by orth 
Shores Adult School. It will be held January 5 to March 14. 
Students may register any time by coming to class. A film and 
speaker from Scientology will appear January 26 and February 
5. 

Frederick's 
Ski Shop 

Come in and see all our new 
ski fashions and equipment 

hrs. 10-8 M-F 
10-6 Sat. 
11-5 Sun. 

Resourcefulne.. 
PJ.\·cholog~'. becoming 
.. u.s. philoJoph~' 
children 'J book .• 
iiction , poetry 
edu cational , 
jo~ 

S~ i lifts are operating all over California 
7730 Fay La Jolla 454-1410 

U.S. & Foreign 
paperback 
magazine.! 

pO~lerJ 
rpco rd 

cord 

EARTH·SONG 
BOOK STORE 

1440 Camino del Mar Del Mar 755-4254 

HONDA CARS 
I 

For Free 
Home Demo . 
Call anyt ,me at 
272 5511 

$139500 

Pacific Honda-l269 Garn l 

Page 2 Triton Times January 8, 1971 

DIMEN ION eeks Comm Board Funds 

DlmeDsioD, after being unanimously denied funds by the 
UCSD Communications Board , is presently appealing to 
Chancellor York to overrule that body and provide them with 
financial assistance. The basis of the appeal is the unanimous 
awarding of $675 by the same board to Third World in October. 

Karl Keating DimeosioD managing editor, says that the 
publication will go bankrupt before the end of this Quarter, 
unless new funding becomes available. 

Peace Corps College Credit Program 
T~e State University of New York , College at Brockport is 

lookmll. for students who want to earn college credit while 
preparmg to teach mathematics and science as Peace Corps 

• volunteers in Latin America. 
Peace Corps and college officials announced today that the 

unique Peace Corps College Degree program at Brockport will 
be extended with the admission of a fifth group of candidates in 
June, 1971 . 

The program is open to students who are in good standing at 
any accredited college or university and who will have 
completed their sophomore or junior year by June 1971. 

Applica tions must be made to the Peace Corps/College 
Degree Program ; State Universi ty College at Brockport ; 
Brockport, New York 14420 by March 1. 

Graduates receive either an A.B. or B.S. degree, secondary 
school teacher cer tifi ca tion and an assignment overseas to a 
bi-national educational team as a Peace Corps volunteer. While 
they are serving overseas. volunteers may earn up to 12 hours 
of graduate credit. 

Garbage Reclamation 
Students wishing to help with the garbage reclamation 

problem are urged by the Muir College Council to put empty 
aluminum cans in the receptacles provided outside their 
" fishbowl" office, between Muir Commons and the Muir 
dorms. . 

Cafeteria Changes ••• 
(continued from page I ) 

attributable to the fact that the Ernie Mort, Revelle resident 
Muir dorms have the most dean , feels that most Revelle 
kitchenettes of the three students are still happy about 
colleges . having the room only option 
MaUbews : Sans Kitchenettes d~spite the cutbacks. 

Matthews campus, the 
present home of Third College, 
has no kitchenettes. Thus the 
Matthewsresidents who depend 
most on the food service 
operation are suffering the 
most because of the cutbacks, 
says Roberta Alexander, Third 
College resident dean . 
Accordingly, bus operation 
between the Matthews 
residence halls and Revelle 
College has been implemented 
during the dinner hour so 
Matthews residents can avoid 
the cold an-d darkness on the 
long walk from their dorms to 
the Revelle cafeteria. The bus 
makes two runs. the times of 
which have not been finalized . 
Addi tionally . the insta lIa tion of 
four kitchenettes in the 
Matthewsdorms is planned and 
should be completed by spring 
or fall quarter. 

Suggestions Proliferate 
From those students who are 

not happy about food service 
cutbacks ha ve come some 
suggestions for expa nded food 
service on other campuses. 
However, none of these 
suggestions seems likely to be 
implemented. Discussion has 
centered on an AS run cafeteria 
or coffee shop . a food co-op or 
co-op grocery store at Muir 
college, a co-op cafeteria at 
Third College and the reversion 
to the old system of a closed 
Cafeteria. where no one but 
resident studentS' would be 
admitted. But Borsari says 
that there is just not enough 
business to support any of these 
proposed operations. Even with 
the cutbacks enacted this 
quarter, Lapetina predicts a 
further drop in sales during the 
first few da ys of thi s quarter . 

Curran TriaL .. 
(continued from page 1) 

when a person contributed money to a campaign that person 
would not necessarily want the candidate to know who gave the 
money. 

The testimony of San Diego City Manager Walter Hahn' 
probably saved Curran. Hahn came across as being a humble 
poorboy who has made good. His answers seemed very sincere 
and he was abh!'to field difficult questions. In an effort to cast 
doubt on the credibility of Prall's te timony, Hahn related that 
he wa made aware of the fact that in 1967 Prall was under 
investigation for income tax fraud . According to the city 
manager . Pratt at one meeting declared to Curran and Hahn 
" If 1 go down a lot of people are going with me." ' 

Jury Faced With Choice 
In the end the choice left to the jury was whether to believe 
harles Pratt. deposed president of the Yellow Cab Company 

who came across as a crook , or Francis Earl Curran. mayor of 
San Diego and president of th ational League of Cities,whose 
Image as conveyed by defen e attorney McClenahan was that 
of a pillar of the community. The jury apparently believed 
Curran 

The verdict in this case casts doubt on whether any of the 
other del ndant can now be convicted. The outcome of this 
case ma y dampen the enthusia m with which further 
investigations into corruption in an Diego will be mad . 
1I0w ver. whatever th outcome or' th other cases, one thing is 
certain The words of former ity Attorney Ed Butler will no 
longer ring tru : "I think every ca ndidate who has ever run for 
any office in an Diego ha received contributions from 
Charlie Pratt." 

UC STATE COLLEGES FACE BUDGET 'CURBS , 
• 

UC and state colleges will face another budget cut for 
the 1971-72 year. The Reagan Administration plans to 
hold next year's budget at approximately its current 
level, despite rising en roll ments. 

The UC Board of Regents has requested an operating 
budget of $374.2 million for 71-72. This is an increase of 4.5 
percent over the current year, reflecting an anticipated 
enrollment increase of 4500. However, the proposed 
Reagan budget will represent a cut of about 10 percent 
from the University's request. State colleges expect a 15 
percent cut from their request. 

Reagan claims that he will not raise taxes to bridge the 
$700 million budget deficit forecasted for 71-72. If this is 
so, then UC and the state colleges will have to consider 
enrollment limitations. A UC official doesn 't feel that the 
University will try to limit enrollment at the un-
dergraduate level, but that the graduate level will be 
closely controlled. 

The figures represent only the operating budget. 
New monies for construction in both UC and state 
colleges are separately allocated . But a similar situation 
prevails in that area as well. 

HOOVER HAILS FBI's '70 RECORD 

FBI Director J . Edgar Hoover feels that 1970 was a 
very good year. The FBI chief said, "More fugitives were 
located, more organized crime figures convicted and 
more finger prints checked than In any previous year in 
the agency 's history." 

According the FBI figures , they even made a profit. 
"Fines, savings and recoveries in FBI investigations 
during the period reached the record figure of over $422 
million, a return of $1.60 for every dollar appropriated 
for FBI operations; ' said Hoover in his annual report to 
Attorney General John Mitchell. 

In the last calendar year, Hoover noted, 468 persons in 
organized crime were convicted due to FBI in· 
vestigations, and 32,000 fugitives wanted for violations of 
federal or state laws were tracked down. Angela Davis, 
who declared her innocence in murder and kidnaping 
charges in California , was among them. Before Miss 
Davis' apprehension, The FBI's most wanted list grew to 
a record total ofl6. 

Last year, 199 million sets of finger prints were on 
record. The FBI received more than 6.5 million finger -
print cards and was processing them at a rate of 26,000 a 
day. 

However, Hoover did admit a rise in New Left 
violenc~, aircraft hijackings and killings of police by 
black militants. 

SURGEONS LEAVE APPARATUS IN PATIENTS 

Surgeons seem to be getting a bit absent-minded these 
days. In Visalia , Calif., a woman was awarded $60,000 in 
damages because her surgeon left a seven-inch surgical 
clamp in her abdomen. Due to the surgeon! negligence, a 
second stomach operation was needed to remove the 
clamp a few months later. 

In Toronto another surgeon was missing a towel after 
surgery. The towel was discovered in his patient's body 
after the patient died. Doctors performing the autopsy 
lound a green surgical towel measuring 30 by 18 inches in 
the man's stomach. 

These towels are used in emergency operations to 
remove large quantities of free blood in the abdomen. 
According to Dr. David Sollol, the surgeon who per-
formed this particular operation, " It never occurred to 
us that the unknown problem might be a foreign object." 

MANY HUMAN 'D1SEASES BLAMED ON STARCHES 

According to a UCLA anthropologist, man made his 
lirst fatal mistake when he discovered how to cultivate 
grains. R. D. McCracken feels that ancient man was a lot 
healthier than modern man. 

McCracken says, " Man is basically a meat and fruit-
eating an imal. Carbohydrates and starches are an un-
natural diet for him. Because of th is, he blames the 
carbohydrates in the grains and refined sugar for many 
of the diseases that alflict him." 

Among some of the degenerative diseases that star-
ches are blamed for are diabetes, heart disease, stroke, 
alcoholism, and schizoph renia. 

Sugar is the main source of energy for the body but it is 
the rate at which it is absorbed into the blood stream that 
determines whether or not it causes metabolic ab-
normalities. The faster the rate , the greater the ab-
normalities. Pure or almost pur .~ ugar is the worst food 
of all, 

"The brain is a very sensitive biochemical organ in 
which fully 25 percent of the adult body's metabolic 
activity takes place. When the blood sugar gets too low, 
as it does when large amounts of insulin are secreted to 
control rapidly absorbed sugar, the brain begins to 
malfunction, It freaks out", reports McCracken . 

Batchelder Cites Change in 
Interests as Dismissal Reason 

Rad Lorang 
Stafl Writer 

Muir College Dean Alan Batchelder cited the fact that he had 
changed during his years at Muir as a major reason for his 

dismis~l. He is now spending more time in personal 
co~nsehng and less in the administra tive side of his post, he 
said. He acknowleged that he and the Muir deanship are not 
now in the same place and that another man could probab y do 
the administrative work better than he . 

Batchelder denied, however , being disenchanted with 
administration per se, and said it was instead a matter of the 
"kind of administration." He said that he and Muir Provost 
John Stewart had disagreed in the past on such things as the 
method by which to conduct the Muir Council elections and 
criteria for accepting student petitions for rule exceptions. He 
also expressed great respect and admiration for Stewart and 
Vice-Chancellor of Student Affairs Dean Murphy. 

Stewart also described the relations between himand 
Batchelder "entirely friendly in all respects . . " Batchelder 
used the words" cordial and open . . " Batchelder was notified of 
his di smissal last Nov. 23 (not Dec. 23 as erroneously reported 
in Tuesday's TRITON TIMES ) .. 

Batchelder said that he did wish to get into a different sort of 

Howdy Doody 

work , and that he had personal reasons for wishing to leave the 
San Diego area, but just what and where his next job will be is 
a question he cannot answer yet. One reason he cannot answer 
is the tight money and frozen hiring situation in the state's 
colleges and universities. Vice-Chancellor Murphy. who is 
assistingBatchelder in locating and securing a pOSition , says " I 
would love to keep him at UCSD, but at the moment our 
fu nding situation is such that neither he nor I see any real 
prospects." Batchelder mentioned public relations work or a 
junior college position as future possibilities. 

The student members of the Muir College Council raised the 
question of why the news of the decision was not made 
available in ovember. They said they were not at this time 
commenting on the decisions regarding Ba tchelder, but only on 
the decisions regarding themselves: the decisions not to 
consult them nor even inform them of a decision of major 
importance both to the college they are a part of and to the 
students they represent. 

On the subject of the council and its role in the case, 
Batchelder said he feels that the question of his pOSition could 
have profitably been brought before the council. Vice· 
Chancellor Murphy, however, spoke of " the inappropriateness 
of consultation beforehand. " All parties have agreed that the 
council will play a major role in determining the choice of 
Batchelder's successor. 

Buffalo Bob Captivates Students 
Michael Klayer 

Manag ing Editor 

Alan Batchelder Something mystical happened last night at UCSD. A man in a funn y suit stepped into the 
Revelle cafeteria from the past of the student 
body and captivated the same group of students 
who shouted down AI Capp only a few months 
ago. 

jokes to ridiculous old songs, the crowd seemea 
to enjoy every minute. There was a sincere 
feeling that must have told Buffalo Bob he was 
home with the old kids again . Two UCS D 
students were even members of the Howdy 
Doody Show Peanut Gallery. The feeling that 
was fel t is one you wouldn't dare tell your best 
friend , but one that no one would deny himself. 
and it prevailed throughout the whole show. And 
at the end many students lined up to get his 
autograph. Everything from draft cards to the 
TRITON TIMES were signed and one TRITON 
TIMES staffer even brought out one of the 
glossy photographs used for promotions. 

-r .............•..................... cu t out and saveo···································l 

! 
The show began with a crowd of nearly 350 

students reaching and yelling for the candy that 
was being tossed , like to monkeys in a cage. The 
Peanut Gallery ·was soon watching an old 
Howdy Doody show that dated back -to 1957. 
Laughter dominated the jovial group, but 
towards the end there was an air of 
apprehension when it was time for Buffalo Bob. 

When he appeared Buffalo Bob wa s treated 
with reverence due to a king . From corny 

Non-Vi olent Revolution 

In all. the night was one of magic that saw 
college students think of times when grades, 
war and the like were not theirs to worry about, 
when they would worry and ask, " Mommy, 
when i~ it ioing to be Howdy Doody Time?" 

Gasses Describe Latin American Role 
Cli fl Post 

Stofl Writer 
situation in which revolution is 
taking place." 

They, were the first to be able 
to bring together a meeting of 
Ru ssian a nd Western 
mmlsters. Hildegard Goss-
Ma yer has also been Secretary 
for t he Fel lowship of 
Interna tional Reconciliation. 
Her father was a known 
pacifist who worked for solving 

Hildegard Goss-Mayer and 
Jea n Goss, members Df the 
Fellowship for International 
Reconciliation, related their 
experiences in trying to 
promote non-violent revolution 
at a meeting Tuesday in the 
Revelle informal lounge. The 
two were sponsored by the 
Revelle Guest-in Residence 
Committee. The discussion was 
the last item on a trip to 
California which enabled them 
to see Caeser Chavez. 

According to them, their role 
in Latin Al!lerica has been to 
train leaders and to lay 
groundwork for non-violent 
revolution. As an example, 
they mentioned Don Hilder 
Camara , a notable non-violent 
bishop of Recife . Brazil. 

In addition to their Latin 
American experience, the 
Gosses have achieved many 
notable successes in Europe. 

the animosity between 
Germany and Poland between 
World War 1 and World War II ~ 
until he was arrested in 1938 ... 
under Hitler's regime. 

Justifying their non-violent 
stance as an integral part of 
their Christian philosophy. 
Hildegard Goss-Mayer (Jean 
Goss cannot speak English and 
was translated for by 
Hildegard Goss-Mayer ) stated 
that man is born with certain 
intrinsic rights, and. above all , 
a conscience. She said that the 
two of them did their jobs by 
promoting understanding 
through breaking down 
prejudices. 

The Gosses have spent a 
major part of the last 8 years in 

~tin America " studying ways 
10 which non-violent revolution 
Could be developed in a 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F St. 

PAYS DONORS 
for services 
Mon . thru Sat. 

233 - 8328 

-:::> <.> 

CAL-JET CHARTERS 
EUROPE 1971 

Don't be mislead by lower prices, investigate first . Fly with our reliable Charter group. 
Know the facts on your charter carrier before you sign your application . 

Don't take a chance with an un known charter airline. 

WESTCOAST TO EUROPE (ROUND TRIP) 

185 
127 
129 
253 
936 
734 
116 

315 ( 86 days) LA· London (RT) Ivs june 13 .. ret sept 6 .... 1299 
314 ( 81 days) Oakland· London (RT) lvs june 5-- ret aug 24 ....... ' 279 
117 (83 days) Oakland·Amsterdam (RT) Ivs june 14·ret sept 4 .... 299 
251 (90 days) Oakland- Amsterdam (RT) Ivs june 17 ret sept 14 .... 299 
118 (72 days) Oakland·LO London /Amsterdam·Oakland Ivs june 16 ret aug 26 .... 299 
133 (71 days )'Oakland-London/Amsterdam·Oakland Ivs ,une 16'ret aug 25 .... 289 
119 ( 68 days) Oakland· LA· Amsterdam (RT) Ivs june 20 ret aug 26 .... 299 
316 ( 93 days) Oakland-London/Amsterdam·Oakland Ivs june 20 ret sept 20 .... 299 
317 (87 days) LA·Oakland·London /Amsterdam·Oakland·LA Ivs june 22 ret sept 12 ... 299 
135 ( 29 days ) LA·Oakland·London (RT) lvs luly 14 ret aug 11.. ... 279 
125 (32 days ) Oakland·LA·Am sterdam (RT) Ivs aug 1 ret sept \" .. 299 
319 (30 days) Oakland·LA·Amsterdam (RT) Ivs aug 4 ret sept 2 ...... 289 

ONEWAY TO EUROPE 
NEW YORK TO EUROPE 

Oakland·LA·Amsterdam Ivs sept 25 .. 129 336 ( 64 days) NY·Amste rdam 
Oakland·LA·Amste rd am Ivs sept 7..129 Iv june 29·ret aug 31...210 
Oakland·LA·Amsterdam Ivs june 24 .. 179 252 ( 89 days) ·NY·Amsterdam (RT) 
Oa kland·LA·Amsterdam Ivs june 18 179 
Oa kland·LA·Am sterdam lvs april 25 .. 139 

Iv june 19·ret sept 15 ... 210 
Oakland.[A·Amsterdam Ivs feb 4 .. .139 
Oakland·London Ivs march 20,, 139 

All flights are open to students, employees, staff and faculty 
of the University of California and their immediate families. 

NO MEMBERSHIP FEES 

• 
• : 
• 
• 
• 
• i 
• 

January 8,1971 Triton Times Page J 



triton 
University of California, Sin Diego 

La Jolla, California 92037 
(714) ~53-2000, ext. 1016, Advertising ext. 1017 

.Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The .ditorials expressed below are approved by lhe TRITON TIMES Edilori~1 Board. ~ll olher opinions 
•• "esied on Ihis page are those of the aulhors whose names appear In lhe bylines, and. do n~1 
necessarily refled lhe views of lhe TRITON TIMES. Anyone d.siring to submil malerial to be pvbhshed In 
this sed ion should send il to the Edilorial Direclor, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSD. 

Students and the AS 
Have the students of UCSD repudi -

ated the AS Council? This is the front -
page conclusion that DIMENSION 
came to last quarter as a result of the 
student referendum on , strikes, vio-
lence, and political motions. In their 
first issue of this quarter they again 
took up the cry that students were 
estranged from their elected repre-
sentatives. The TRITON TIMES feels 
it necessary to condemn the distortion 
of "facts" which DIMENSION has 
used to come to this conclusion. They 
claim students voted overwhelmingly 
"aye" to the referendum , while the AS 
Council voted nearly unanimously 
"nay ." This "fact" would lead the 
reader to believe that wh i le the student 
body was against violence, student 
strikes, and polit ical motions, the AS 
Council was somehow in favor of them . 
Th is is ridiculous . 

The AS never considered the good or 
bad points of violence, student str ikes, 
or political motions ; it voted nearly 
unanimously against using AS time 
and money on useless referendums. 
Conversely , students never received 
the opportun ity to vote on the issue 
(useless referendums) the AS turned 
down . The students voted on a mother -
hood resolution, for or against vio· 
lence, in wh ich the outcome was 
predictable to al l but the leaflet coal i-
t ion . The students also voted to proh ibit 
the AS from doing something it was 
already proh ibited from doing by a 
Regents ' rule: passing a pol it ical 
motion . And f inally, as a result of the 
referendum , the AS will never aga in 
initiate a student str i ke . (Aga in? ) 

Th is last issue, probably more than 
the others , supports the AS contention 
that the referendum was without 
reason . When 2000-odd students went 
on str ike last Spr ing it was the result of 
indiv idual moral outrage with Amer i-
can mili tary action in Southeast Asia 
and at Kent and Jackson State 
Colleges, not wi th any proclamation by 
the AS . In recent years has any student 
str ike in the UC system been initiated 
by AS Council proclamat ion? 

What, then, did the referendum 
prove or accomplish? First, the leaflet 
coa lition did a good job of advertising a 
useless referendum. However, once 
students got to the polls there was only 
one way to vot,~ (the Flat Earth Society 
did not get sta -ted soon enough to ade· 
quately explai 1 its advice to simply ab-

stain) . Second, the vote showed that 
this year's freshman class, probably 
the most politically aware ever to enter 
the university, would jump at the 
opportunity to participate in a "politi -
cal issue" in their first quarter. It is 
unfortunate that they had no choice 
once they got their ballots . 'It was these 
factors and not a student adversron to 
the AS that produced the high turnout. 

What did the vote on the specific 
issues of the referendum prove? 
Nothing of importance. The great 
ma jority of students are against 
violence . What's new? The AS is now 
doubly prohibited from passing the 
political motions it has never had much 
inclination for passing in the f irst 
place. Also the AS is now prohibited 
from initiating, without a referendum, 
something over which it never had any 
control : student strikes. 

In any case, this hardly adds up to a 
student repudiation of the AS govern-
ment. In fact, the TRITON TIMES 
senses a high degree of satisfaction by 
students, faculty, and administration 
for the job Mike Palcic and the rest of 
the AS government has been doing . 
The main functions of the AS, which 
has nothing to do with their moral or 
political views on violence and student 
str ikes, are to act as an intermediary 
between students and administration 
and to prov ide student services. These 
funct ions, we feel, have been carr ied 
out in a smooth manner . 

We feel that the present AS govern · 
ment is to be commended for their 
representat ion of students on the many 
comm ittees dealing with student af· 
fa irs . AS supervision of the Coffee Hut 
is making it possible to expand the 
fac ili t ies. The AS is also now working 
to try and prov ide cheap bus service to 
the campus for the student commun ity 
in Del Mar . It has also assumed care of 
last year 's People-to-People Program 
under Commun ity Interaction . 

These are only a few of the ways we 
feel Palcic and the rest of the AS 
government have adequately repre-
sented students. In other words, it is 
student opinion on the Coffee Hut, the 
crowd at the Hot Tun a Concert, and 
lines at this quarter's Fr iday Nite at 
The Flicks which really ref lect student 
feel ing about the present AS govern· 
ment, not the results of a re ferendum 
which had nothing to do with them. 

triton tiIlles 
Editor-in-ct.i,·f .. lI d\\\fwd (; '"1I1I10 1I 
Cit~ Editor ....... .- Car l \ l'i iJlIq!t'r 
'l .. nagillg Edi ln r ...... \Iil,. e "I a~l'r 
CoV~ Editor .. . . ... Ch"t·" (; raham 
tlu,i llt'" "an 'I-'\'r ... , ... Jeff Fri rd 
EtliltlrialD in l· t"r . . Huolil COllt r('rll-
, .,.,orialt· Cit\ Editor ... (h. t'lI J ,)\ Il l'r 

. \Inl" !'It:" ill 
\ rh Etlitor ......... T"rr~ Bdr"I,. 
~ vor l ' Edilor ..... .. Ho,I,. , lIalfoll 

New",Ocpr" '" nt 
Rose De CosIo 
Rod lo,ong 
Robert Miller 
John Zoller 
Ed Soyle 
Juliano Cinque 
IIobbi. Fink 
Bruce Morden 
Fronk Phillips 
Clift Post 
Kathy Ru st 

Arls Department 
Tom Beer 
Joy G,lle"e 
Peter Gordon 
lorry Johnson 
llndo McAlli,ler 
Sargun Tont 
Arti.t. 
Soroh McKenna 
Allon Sekulo 
George SalOn' 

Advertising 
Departmenl 
Mark T"lIlng 
Susan Codes 
Molly Selvin 

Secretarial Staff 
Steve Cohen 
Marge VonVol.en-

bu,gh 

An ' t Managing Ed. Copy Depart ment 
Joe Eo.tern Sha,on Weldy 

M.D. R'e 

The Kissing Disease 
v. R .... " Allen, M.D. 

I've been feeling pretty tired for the last 
montb. Last year I bad mono (infectious 
Mononucleosis) . Do you think I could be getting 
it again? 

Not likely. Mono does not recur in the same 
patient. Mistakes in diagnosis in the past led 
some people to be\ive they've had mono more 
than once. 

Maybe I've still got tbe original case and I 
have not complete ly recovered? 

ice try. To quote Dr. Robert Hoagland in his 
book Infectious Mononucleosis: "Chronic 
Mononucleosis is as credible as chronic 
measel . Infec tious mononucleos i is an acute 
disea e which ends in a week to a 
month- usually 10-15 days." 

It's interesting that some people expect to be 
ill for a long time with mono. When they find out 
they've got it. they set their mind s to anticipate 
a long convalescence. The fact is. it's unusual to 
be sick for very long with mono. Probably a lot 
of people have even had it without ever knowing 
it ; they just had another sore throat. At the 
Student Health Service we advise patients with 
mono to stay in bed if they have fever or 
jaundice , but otherwise. its not essential to 
remain in bed except in unusua l ci rcumstances. 
The main thing is to take ca re of your elf. avoid 
trenuous activi ty. and get enough sleep. We 

especially suggest that you "be kind to your 
spleen. " 

What does that mt'an? 
Well . infect ious mononucleosis I an acute 

disease believed to be caused by a virus and 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
College. 

characterized by fever. sore throat. and swollen 
glands. A rash or jaundice may occur. The 
spleen is enlarged in about three-quarters of 
cases. An enlarged spleen can be bruised easily 
and can even tear, so we recommend quiet 
living for awhile. Incidentally. the name 
" mononucleosis" refers to the fact that 
numerous atypical white blood cells of the 
lymphocyte kind are seen in the bloodstream of 
people with mono. The spleen is filled with these 
cells. 

Isn't mono called the "kissing disease?" 
Some people think that mono is transmitted 

by kissing : others don' t. Researchers continue 
to experiment on thi s. I suspect the controversy 
goes on because the research is so much fun . 
Probably the virus of mono is transmitted in 
saliva. You might get it passing the bottle (or 
hookah stem ) as well as by kissing. 

So what's making me so tired? 
Could be a lot of things. rlltalk about fatigue 

in another column. Right now I'm going to \ie 
down for awhile. 

••••• ••••• ••••• • •• ,,* ••••• 

Questions for MD rap may be dropped in the 
box at the Student Hea lth Service. 

SHS ote : To se rve you more effi ciently and 
save you lime in 1971 , we've increased our staff 
and started a new sign-in system when you 
come to the Stude nt Health Service. You ca n 
now also make appointments in advance to see 
any doctor you'd like by dropping by or calling 
1346. 

Batchelder Fired? 
Editor : 

I regret deeply the headline 
on yo ur Jan . 5 issue . 
" Ba tchelder Fired ... " is 
misleading and is a source of 
embarrassment to me and to 
Pr ovost Stewart . All 
communication between Dr. 
Stewart , Vice Chance llor 
Murphy, and me has been 
cordial and open. 

While it is true that the 
decision to seek a new dean for 
Muir College was reached 
without my participation or 
involvement, for the Triton 
Times to say that J was " fired" 
is to ignore my response to that 
decision. It is clea r to me that 
there are a number of specific 
ways in which I have been less 
effective as an administrative 
officer of the college than a 
dean must be. Whatever the 
causes, I am quite willing to 
acknowledge that another man, 
perhaps from an academic 
discipline, can better serve the 
administrative needs of Muir 

I feel no need to apologize for 
my years at Muir College, yet I 
accept the decision to replace 
me with a sense of relief. I 
shall , indeed, be working with 
Provost Stewart and the Muir 
College Council in defin ing the 
role of the college dean and in 
assessing the personal and 
professional characteristics of 
the person who will occupy that 
pOSition, and I shall do so 
willingly. It is Muir College, 
after all , that I have loved and 
worked for and I shall continue 
my efforts to support the 
achievement of " a community 
engaged in inquiry and the 
excha nge of ideas beyond the 
classrooms into many aspects 
of life in the community and 
contemporary society." 

the services of J ames Hervey 
Johnson to shed some light on a 
horribl y mi s und er s tood 
subject : hea lth. 

Many are unaware that there 
are places in the world today 
where serious disease is almost 
nonexi tent. Weston A. Price is 
a dentist who travelled the 
world looking for communities 
of people with good teeth. He 
didn' t fi nd any in the population 
centers but he did fi nd them in 
remote spots, prac tica lly 
isolated from civ il iza ti on. And 
everywhere he found good 
teeth , he also found superior 
health. These people lived 
longer . were more vigorous, 
and had less disease than any 
advanced community. There 
was also less crime, less 
mental deficiency, and fewer 
bi rth defects. . Sincerely, 

Alan C. Batchelder 
College Dean 

Congrotulotions TT 
Dear Sir: 

Congratulations on obtaining 

These places were in widely 
separa ted locations wi th varied 
clima tes and food supplies ; the 
people were of di fferent races 
and cultures : bu t they all had 
one thing in common: they 
wer all relatively isolated 
from civilization and ate lilt! 
or none 01 the proces d food of 
civilization ThI S was thl:! ke~ to 
th ir superior hea lth. Their 
food was grown natura lly 
wi thout chemicals and was not 
robbed of much of its va lue by 
mode rn processing. It was not 
poisoned wilh pesticid s or 
preservatives. 

I'htllograllh~ Editor .... joltn Zall l'r So,boro Simon 
Phologrophy 
Jon Fronek 

Comy Sharlck Debbie Montgomery 

Dr. Price supplies all the 
details in his book utrition 
and Physical Degeneration. 
Similar data has come from 
other sources. Arnold DeVries 
compiled a nu mb r of such 
reports in his book Primitive 
Man and His Food. His fi nd ings 
ind icate that people who ate 
mos tly fres h fr uit s and 
v getables had b tier hea lth 
than those who li ved ma inly on 
c r als or meat 1I0wever. the 
most Important thing is that 
the 10 should b natural . not 
ruined by proces ing and 
pOIsons 

C()lIlribulillll Edit .. r , .. !'l I nt· l.ulldau Production 
Dove Buchbinder 

Gleno Schroeter 
Molly Montgomery 

The TR IT ON TIMES is offlciolly recognIZed and .upported 0' a .tudent new.pape, by the Cammunicalians Board 
of the UnIVerSity 01 Col,lornlo, Son Diego, Building 250, Matthew. Campus, lo Jolla , Cohlornla 92037. PublICation 
" tw"t weekly on Tuesday. and Friday. Olf" .. 0'. located in ,oom 117. Blake Hall , on the Revelle Compu,. For 
Advtrtillng pho ne 453 ·2000 . XI 0 17 ; lor ed,toriol or new, phone Xl016. 

Page 4 Triton Times JanulrY 8,1971 

\' MAL~ C~AUVINlSi Plb 

M r Johnson IS right lIealth 
i natural Oi ea is the 
u nn tural product of 
civilization 

·incerely. 
Don Ross 

~r~:~:;:::~:;:;:::;:;:;:;:~:;:;:;:~:::~:~;;;:;~;:::;:;::~;::::;;:::;;:;:;;;:;:;:~;~:~:~;~:::~;~::;:;:;:;~;~;:;~;:;:;:;:;~;:;::~;;;:~; 
h Y :~: The TRITON TIMES welcomes expressions of all viewpoints ::: 
:::from readers. Leiters should be kept brief and tbose over 600 ::: 
:::words are subject to condensation. It is recommended (but not ::: 
:::necessary) tbat prior notification be given if you wisb to ::: 
:::submit a column or an article of opinion. ::: 
::: Leiters and articles of opinion should be double spaced, sixty::: 
:::space liDe. Articles which exceed four pages are subject to::: 
:::condensation depending on subject mailer. Longer articles can ;:: 
;:;be printed if prior notification is given. Letters and articles::: 
::: should be sent to the Editorial Director, Trition Times, 117 ::; 

The Girl Who Has Everything 
Jim Sills 

You are no ~' officially warned: The Cause on campus this 
quarter will be Angela Davis. There will be the usual strident 
rhetoric and wild charges. all intended to obfuscate the facts . 
The fa cts are as follows : 

Incas and Sioux. And he is a woman
' 

She will electri fy 
Femalelibs. And some men- apparently including all 
reporters- find her attractive I Sex' 

:::Blake Hall. ::: ~ t 
11) In I\ugust. 1970 a raid was made on the Marin County Court 
House to free several black mili ta nts then on trial. In the 
ensuing hoot·out a kIdnapped judge was killed . A leader in the 
attempt was one Jonathon Jackson. a freq uent companion of 
Angela Davis. The weapons used in the raid were 
registered- the owner's name was Angela Davis. More than 
enough evidence. certainly. for the district attorney to order 
her arrest. 

And what's more. she even touched base in Middle America 
by being caught shacked up with a boy friend in a Howard 
Johnson 's motel. Amazingl~·. and climactically . she somehow 
manages to combine the New and the Old Left . Her style i :~;::::::::::::::::;::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: :: :::::: ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::;:::;:~~::.;i 
::~:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.: .. :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:. :. ~:; ew Left. but. ca t in it pre ent form by UCSD' own Marxi t Marcuse and by her studies at the Marxist Institute of Social 

Relations at the Goethe Univer ity in Frankfurt. her mind is 
another Ice-cube out of the old dialectical refrigerator . Though 
she normally sport the biggest Afro this side of the Zambesi. 
you will notice that her )Jew York lawyer was the Party' s old 
faithful. John Abt. and that Gus Hal l. kingpin of the America n 
Communist Party is already scurrying aroung organIzing the 
Free Angela Movement. ;\ew and Old Left come together. the 
generations embrace at las\. 

.~ 

I 

(2 ) Miss Davi . reaction was flight- not the response of an 
innocent person. She was shortly charged with murder- under 
California law all plotter in a murder are considered equally 
guilty. 
(3, The question of whether Miss Davis wa aware of the use 
of the gU,ns will be determined in open court. She will receive 
her fa ir day in court- just as Huey .'lewton did when freed . not 
by protest marches. bu t by a legal mistake no bigger than your 
thumb . 

Now. of course. you will hear anything but thaI over the nex t 
few months. You will be told that Angela Davi is a 'political 
prisoner.' a victim of :\ixon-Agnew-Mitchell . and a target of 
that old relia ble. WhIt:' Racism 

Left's Pygmalion' 
The usual lies and ui"torl1ons ar~ llIt~l e~l1 l1g . 01 course . bu t 

one should ask why. Why Angela Davis? 
If the master carver had laid out hIS tools and set about 

making the perfect icon for the contemporary Left counter-
culture, he would neces arily ha ve brought forth Angela DavI 
Reali ty and symbol totally coincide. for Angela embodie 
every , not most . not nearly all. but every ea lure of the current 
scene. Her arrest and impending trial eem likely. therefore . 
to ga lvinize every facet of radical di ssent. Kunstler. ea le. and 
Rubin will appear as amateur in comparison 

• elf -hatred' 
I remember standi ng at the base of a platform in the UCSD 

gym two yea r ago during the People's Park StrIke. FollOWing 
the address of her mentor Marcu e. Angela took the podium to 
speak to the 3.000 odd there On hardly followed her 
argument : there was only tha t striking face transfIxed by 
loathing as she houted out her enmity for Reagan. the ' rael t 
power structure' and the ' faci t institutions of this country .' 
But then. as he pau ed to accept the overwhelmingly White 
audience 's approval. I waneII' emotion eros her features 
Contempt. Contempt for the foolish children of the middle 
class who lusted after the self-flagellation of WhIte Guilt 
Contempt for the I intellectually , flabby and listless inheritors 
of Western civilizal10n 

' White phenomenon' 
~egro Am ricans have rejected Angela DaVIS and her Ilk 

One recall Dick Gregory gelling 3 percent of the :\egro vote in 
Chicago in 1967 . hi opponent wa RIchard J Daley Or 
Eldridge Cleaver gelling less than 5 percent for PreSident In 
Harlem in 1968. :\0. Indeed. that people is too proud. too 
unaffected to be lured by the message of hate and envy 

I' \ ALWMs I-\"T~D .1'\0.% 6M>TARDS 

First . and very important. she is an academician. he taught 
philosophy for a while at UCLA . until her martyrdom bv 
Reagan and the Regents . Perfect E en better. if possible sh~ 
is till a student I A graduate student workIng ror her Ph.D" 
until J . Edgar Hoover and the took away her 5 X 8 cards. 
Plenty of identification potential there . right ' In addition. if 
possible. she is black . and vcry Third Worldy about it all- and 
therefore available to everything from Chicanos to Angolans to 

It remains a di l1nctive characteristic or the Panther that 
most of their upport comes from literate. often upper-class 
white (remember Lenny Bernstein' Panther parties in ~ew 
York last year' L One wonders how long the UnIverSIty tudent 
will continue to ee Angela Davi as the symbol of black 
people. ON ~W .. FAI2E: ... NoW \ f>.M ON~ !" 

Davis Camera Sh 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459-7355 

~ • ,.. 'rom bu. in ... ,ord. 10 bro, ltur •• 

pan t1! g~I~:;;;::;~'.I:::: :::~:~ 

RISING ABOVE 
THE GLOOM 

ANDTHE 
DOOM9FllMS. 

LOW 
B;--ide of Mr. Glabber • RIDER 
MOON • TYRANUS nix 
o lWlRD WINN[R 

F'IKEARTS 
1818 GARNET STREE , ~74'4000 

THE GOLDEN OLDIE 
FILM SOCIETY 

present 

The January Film Festival 

JAN.16 
JAN.23 
JAN.30 

BUS STOP with Marilyn Mon roe 
HORSE FEATHERS with The Ma rx Brothers 

THE CAINE MUTINY with Humphry Bogart 
ON THE WATERFRONT with Marlon Brando 

MIDSUMMER'S NIGHT DREAM 
Royal Shakespeare Company with Dionne Rigg 
THE ANATOMY OF A MURDER 
with James Stewart, Ben Gazzara, lee Remick 

TICKETS IN ADVANCE- LIMITED NUMBER 
$1.50 TOTAL-GOOD ALL THREE NIGHTS 
PLACE TIME 

Sum ner AudItorIum Jail 16·23·30 6:30 

Ticket available at 
rt and Lecture Offic r Hall 

and 105 M e ora u t 

January 8,1971 Triton Times Page 5 



Record Review 

Blows Against the Empire 
Terry Bora k 
Arts Editor 

Paul Kantner's name takes titular precedence in the latest 
endeavor in the Jefferson Airplane 's outward journey, BLOWS 
AGAI ST THE EMPIRE. The cast of characters include 
Airplane members Paul Kantner. Grace lick. Jack Cassady. 
and Airplane-brother Peter Kaukonen. in addition to other such 
notable . David Crosby. Graham Nash . and Jerry Ga rcia 
(guitarist of the Grateful Dead !. Hence. the al bum ' 
appropriate ubtitle . JEFFER 0:\ TARSH IP. The music 
was composed by Kantner and many of the other artists on the 
record. 

The lyrical theme is. indeed. "Blows Against the 
Empire"-the techno-demo-bureaucratic anti·civiliza tion of 
today. wi th certain dis tinction given to • Amerika' . Kantner' 
negativisms refer tooppre sion . to governments in general. to 
the con trol and manipula tion of people- this related in an 
" underground" sort of "let's get back to nature." This we 've 
heard before on other Airplane records: " p a ainst the wall. 
motherfucker.. .tear down the walls We can be together ...... 
to cite but one instance. BLOW AGAl." T THE EMPIRE says 
it a different way, without much love mixed in with the 
revolutionary message. This album is cenainly a more hard-
core radical trip . Al 0 differing. i the STARSHIPS' 
platform- the future . This is most assuredly celestially 
oriented. laden with reference to the outer void . distant orbs. 
and related solarisms. Qui te FUlurismo. But. one must 
certainly wonder about the Jefferson Airplane's sincerity. 
After all. they have been writing and singing revolutionary 
jargon for years. while at the same time. liv ing as fat ca ts in 
the society they put down. 

BLOW is truly an audio collage of the past. present and 
future of the Jefferson Airplane. and of contemporary music a 
well. In it. one can hear fleeting . and ometimes extended. 
sonic imagery from all the past Airplane albums. The overall 
effect is likened mo t to AFTER BATH I:--.lC AT 
BAXTER ·S-charm. Grace. and harshne s intertwined . You 'll 
listen to thi album many a time before bemg able to recall a 
melody or other touch of familiarity . But. just keep listening 
and enjoying it. 

"Baby Tree." featuring only Jerr)' Garcia' s banjo work and 
a single voice. comes across like a Pete eeger ballad about 
the West. a river or a mountaineer- the type sung at a 
hootenany. While the tone is definitely Seeger. the lyrics are 
more representative of a Tolkeinian vision : " There's an island 
way out in the sea Where the babie they all grow on trees .... .. 
" Baby Tree" is followed on the album by. " Let's Go 
Together." which is typically Airplane in sound. a-Ia 
VOLUl\TEERS: " Wave goodbye to Amerika Say hello to the 
garden. " 

"Child Is Coming" radiates warmth . bringing to mind 
nearness of the fireplace and hearth. while sou nding 
reminiscent of the fir t Airplane record tAIRPLA:,\E TAKE 
OFF I. The second part of the song moves from this scenario. 
as if a change in conSClOlisnes . 10 a harsher one-just a you 
would if li stening and tOking-up . 

ide Two goes deeper into the quasi-sola r journey of the 
JEFFERSO;--; STARSH IP. With extensive image-ex peditions 
into the musi( and language of the stars. " Sunrise" is merel~' 
contemptuous of today's "civ ilized man." " Hi Jack" proposes 
the alternativ%-a surrealistic vO~'age 01 7000 Earthlings on 
the Starship I a SI the sun. " ... and our babies' lI wander naked 
through the c ties of the universe ...... Finally. "Starship " i a 
futuri stic blel d of sound and word : life on the tarship. sounds 
in the tars. 

Although rr.) t album jacket today seem to be as good. or 
better. than what is on the accompa nying di sc. an~' 
commentarv on BLOWS AGA I.\ST THE E:\IPIRE would be 
incompl te~' thout mention of its ou tstand 1l1g cover artv .. ork . 

Besid s ar lmagmativel~' decorated co\er I marijuana 
pace-scape. nd a Dali·like portra it 01 winged brea ts I there 

is an illustra ted booklet ~rith I~Tlc and graffiti. E ven the 
STAR ' HIP 'sdustjacket i decora ted. and decorated well. with 
an iron~'-laden collage 

BL W AGAI.\ T TIlE EMPIRE I certainl~' not tor 
ever~one llowever. it I methln to be heard by all who are 
involved In modern mUSH.' parl1('ularl~ tho e Intere ted In It. 
future It i an album requll'lng nUlllerou~ llst nlilp to g t into 
If you do. It' ure to knock you on ~'our as 

Page 6 Triton Times January 8, 1971 

Simian Spheroid 

Self-Indulgence-New Year's Eve at the Westgate 
Dove Buchbinder 

Stoff Writer 
Draped in regal surroundings directly 

opposite the downtown epidermal 
cinemae lies San Diego's gift to the 
World of Hostelry: The Westgate Plaza 
Hotel. 

On entering this plush bourgeois 
retreat, a treatment immediately 
ensues upon the lucky guest, rivaling 
that of a contemporary Louis XV) and 
his well-known mate. The moment your 
automobile comes to a halt, merry 
doormen are already scrutinizing you 
closely, determining your acceptability 
into the Hotel proper. It is only when 
they are satisfied that the rigid 
standards of coat and tie after Five have 
been met, that permission is granted to 
enter this obnoxious display of Capitalist 
foll y. 

And the Hotel Detectives Roam 
As we proceed to the elevator, a 

discovery is made that we are to be 
trea ted like Presidents and Kings. Our 
party doubles as we note that each of us 
has recei ved his own personal 
bodyguard. 

Our elevator reaches the third floor , 
and one of our guards rasps, " Are you 
registered in the Hotel?" We smile 
sarcastica lly and reply, "No." 

Our guard s ha ve now decided that it 
would be difficult to protect us, should 
we encroach upon the indulgent serenity 
of the upper fl oors. They bar exit from 
the lift, informing us that we will be 
more than welcome on the lobby level. 
So be it. 

The lobby of the Westgate is a 
veritable museum. Elegant tapestries 
line the walls ' daintily, and gaudy 
chandeliers (some of which are 
authentic) provide light to tumble to. 
Numerous doormen and bell hops 
ca rouse ill the lobby endlessly, bored as 

well as a wed. One of these fine 
specimens of superlative service 
ultimatel y informs us that our 
destination , the Westgate Room, is 
"over there." 

We are greeted to the Westgate Room 
by a curt-lOOking Maitre d' who notes 
our punctuality by marking us up on his 
reservation log as "present. " We are 
seated at a table for five . 

In no time, we observe that our New 
Year's Eve at the Westgate is to be as 
thrilling as a rabbit who has just given 
birth to a litter of 40 bunnies. Helium-
filled balloons adorn the chair arms 
conspicuously and ticker tapes profane 
the spotless carpet. 

Our chic a ttempt to be chic ends in a 
fit of hysterical laughter as the menu 's 
pricelist focuses innocuously upon our 
eyes. Everything listed is a la carte, but 
as our stomachs growl frighteningl y, the 
weight in our wallets is relieved 
considerably. Nevertheless, we proceed 
to order complete five-course dinners. 

Dinner is Served 
The first course consists of three 

ounces of spritely chilled tomato juice 
with an almost invisible slice of lemon 
to spark the tastebuds on to a zenith of 
alertness. 

Next comes a rather motley-looking 
tossed salad with sour roquefort 
dressing. Nabisco crackers quell our 
imminent convulsions. 

A~aiting our Soup du jour we gawk in 
astonishment at our sterling silverware 
and the equally eloquent dishes. One of 
our party exclaims excitedly, " 1 can see 
myself in this plate." 

" Amazing ! ", we declare. 
Soup du jour consists of that highly 

fla vored treat of French impersonators 
the World over: French onion soup. 
Stale croutons add to our enjoyment of 
this richly brothed delicacy. 

At this point the Maitre d' begins to 
spread tidings for the coming year. We 
receive cardboard stovepipe hats, Bozo 
noisemakers (a picture of Bozo with two 
beaters attached,-one shakes Bozo 
vigorously while the bea ters strike Bozo 
in the nose causing a dull clang to 
resound throughout the room ), and an 
imaginatively contrived cardboard 
kazoo. We reyert to childhood and 
relieve our frustrations gleefully. 

The entree proceeds to eliminate this 
touch of reality. We raise our forks and 
knives into battle position, and before 
you know it our pia tes are devoid of filet 
mignon, roasted duck , chopped sirloin 
(the elitist's version of what peons refer 
to as hamburgers, grilled tomatoes and 
baked Idaho potatoes. Our stomachs 
full , we breathe deeply and belch 
happily. 

Passing Around an After-Dinner Smoke 

Our after-dinner smoke, contrived as 
a playful joke, consists of a strange 
looking cigarette which is passed around 
the table joyfully. Unfortunately, it is 
filled with pipe tobacco. This slight 
inadequacy, however, is left unobserved 
by our bodyguards, who have now 
returned as a result of the appearance of 
the oddly-shaped cigarette. Suddenly we 
'are made to feel emotionally 
uncomfortable. We pay our check 
(which amounts to a trifling $45.(0 ), 
departing from the Westgate Room with 
our hats, noisemakers and helium-filled 
balloons. The bodyguards follow us . 

We increase their growing dismay, 
when they discern that we have placed 
ourselves on some of the recent antiques 
and have begun to inhale the helium. We 
stare at our guardS smugly, echoing 
chorally in our 78-rpm voices, " Happy 
New Year, Boys." 

POSSIBILITIES ' I Hard Times For 
San Diego Ballet 

Buffalo Bob was a smash as be entertained bis DOW mature 
followers. 

Beethoven Redtal 
Rober t Tu rner . Senior 

Lecturer in the UCSD Music 
Department. will present four 
of his young arti st-students 
from Los Angeles in an all 
Beethoven sona ta recital at 
7:30 p.m. Sunday. January 10. 

The concert. free and open to 
the public. will be I(iven in 
Room 2250. Buildin!; 2D on the 
Muir College campu . 

Ranging in age from 14 to 19. 
the four young pianis ts have 
won a large number of prizes 
and scholarships and have 
made many public appearances 
as soloi ts with orchestras. in 
chamber groups. and in solo 
recitals. The four sonata to be 
performed represent a broad 
sampli ng of Bee thoven 's work. 
starting with his early p riod 
(1799 1. extending through the 
early and late portions of his 
middle pe riod . and includ ing 
th onata Opu 109 which 
belongs to hi~ late r nod 

Robert Turner is a plani ·t. 
CUnUUl.tllr ana \\llt"l . <.Inu Iid ~ 
r ceived national recogni tion 
in th fi Id of piano t ac hi ng 

Like many of hi s students. he 
has appeared in all parts of the 
country. He is conductor of the 
Repe rtoir e Cha mb e r 
Orchestra . a part student. part 
professional orches tra which 
p rovi des perfo rm a nce 
experience for gifted young 
soloists. 

Express your 
ideas 

in 
TRITON TIMES 

Send lett." 
and columns to 

Editorial Director; 
TRITON TIMES 
117 Blake Hall 

UCSD 

Lorry Johnson 
Arts Writer 

Ballet in Sa n Diego is not in 
the best of shape. Sure, we ge t 
a lot of people out when Rudol f 
Nureyev is in town . bu t 
otherwise ballet is on hard 
times. Thi s was made 
stunningly obvious at the 
annual production of "The 

utcracker" by the California 
Ballet Company (successor. 
through merger, to the San 
Diego Ballet Company J. The 
second-rate location I in the 
mise rabl y inadequate Russ 
Auditorium I. the spa rse se ts 
the costumes, the poorly 
reproduced taped music, all 
made clear the diff icult times 
which the company faces. The 
main problem ha s bee n 
financial : the public has not 
been supporting local ballet 
suffiCiently. 

The ballet school arm of the 
company has a good program 
throughout the county, and 
supplied the bulk of the talent 

for the program. There is some 
good developing ta lent there, 
but since the company cannot 
support many professional 
dances. the students were 
thru st into pr e matu re 
responsibil i ty .. 

A standout was Diane Davis. 
a loc all y develo ped 
professional who did an 
excellent job as the Sugarplum 
Fairy. Her fine dancing and 
interpretation did much to 
make up for the inadequacies 
of the produ ction . Her 
Cavalier, Dale Muchmore, was 
a very capable partner for the 
pad de deux. 

The second act of "Coppelia" 
was paired with the portion of 
" The utcracker" presented. 
It wa s similarly thin , though 
Maxine Mahon in the lead role 
did much to salvage things. 

The evening was enjoyable 
for the most part. but I left the 
theater with a feeling of 
considerable concern : it's been 
a long time since ballet in San 
Diego has had such problems. 

Cafe' Ha' Am presents 
JEWISH SEX 

Rabbi Kirsch of Del Mar will speak on traditional and on· 
cient Jewish attitudes toward sex this Saturday evening at 
8:30 in the Infarmallounge. 
Also in attendance will be the Israeli Consul from l.A . 
Dri nks and refreshments, dancing offered free of charge. 

Jewish Students Association -
Student Affairs Building 

.... 

\ 

\ 

BilSKETBllLL 

Steve Polk, Triton Cager. attempts a shot . 

UCSD 5 in a row 

Tritons Convert Baptists 88-85 
The UCSD Tritons. running their win streak to 

5. defeated lough Cal Baptist. previously 8- 1. 
by the score 88- 85 . at the Baptists home court 
Tuesday. 

Playing their usual running game. the Tritons 
were held to a close check. and found 
themselves two points behind at half time. 
38- 36. This deficit was quickl~' erased. as the 
Triton defen e. playing a close press. fo rced the 
harried Bapti ts into countless turnovers. The 
mistakes were promptly translated into point s. 
and the Tritons found a good seven point lead. 

John Le Levier. with some clutch hoot ing in 
the waining minutes of the game. totaled 25 
points. making IS-out of 19 very tough cha rity 
shots. Brian Tod turning in his usual good 
performance contributed his usual 24 points. as 
the Tritons held off a final Baptist rally. 

The game was exci ting from the start. as both 
teams traded baske ts consisten tly. The Triton 
ability to press proverl to be the ultimate 
undoing of the prayer less Bapti t . 

Tonight. the Tritons play ho t to t,; . Hawaii. at 
Hilo. In try ing to run the win treak to 6 the 
Triton will go up aga inst a Hawaiian team that 
they have a lready defeated. 

Todd Shines in Hawaii 

UCSD Player of the Wee~ 
Gut . determination . and hard work d SCribe 

the on·court prowe ot U D ba ketball ·tar. 
Brian Todd. tartlng his third I'ar it~· year. 
Brian ha proven him elf both offen Il'ely and 
defensive l ~' with a brilliant 236 cOring 
average. hooting 53 percent I rom the 11001' and 
a sup rb 85 p rcent frolll th tr throw lin 
landing 6 loot 4 in he Brian i not the tallest 

forward around. but b cause of hi s hu ·tle and 
"sen .. for the ba ket. he ha ' hown hi 
opponent that he I the man that lUu -t be 
SlOpp dol' Ise watch out' 

Sports Writers NEEDED! 

UCSD Club Meetings UCSD Tennis Club 
Yoga Club Monday - Friday - 12 - 1:00 pm 
- Wrestling Room. Gym 

Have you ever had the desire to playa tennis 
match again t the La Jolla Beach and Tenni 
Club' If so. your chance has arrived. Snow Ski Club 

Wednesday, Jan. 13 -7:00 pm - Room 2722 
Tennis Club 

A. B. and C teams [or men and women 's 
singles. doubles and mixed doubles are bemg 
formed to challenge other TenniS Club and to 
enter local tournaments In the San Diego area . 
If vou are interested. call Tad Yamaguchi 453-
1000. Ext. 32i 

Thu rsday , Jan. 14 - 5:00 pm - Cia sroom. 
Gym 
Folk Dance Club 

Monday evenings - 8 - 10 pm. - W. Balcony. 
Tenni s Ie son for beginners and Gym 

Friday evenings - H - 12 pm. - 201 MC 
(classes 8 - 9:30 pm. 1 

intermediates will b available beginning 
winter quarter spon ored by the Tenni Club 
and conducted bv Mike Cruik hank Horseback Riding Club 

Thursdav. Jan. 14 - 6- i:30 pm, 
Classroom', Gym 
Intramural Ba~ketba!l Captains ;\ieeting 

Friday. Jan. 8 - 3 pm Cia. room 
Women's Conditiolllng 

Tues. Thurs. - 11- 12 :00 - Pool Patio 

WATER HOW IS COMI.\G ........ All girls 
interested in learning "Synchronized 
Swimming" - call Beth Jo i. Ext. 2283 or come 
to the pool on Mondays and Tuesday from 3:00 
to 4:00 pm to join the Swim Club Beginning 
January 11th. 

GYM CLOSED - Mondays. January 11th and 
25th from 8 - 10 pm. Basketball 

Register in the Recreation Office now or call 
Beth JOSI Ext. 2283. Cia se will run in tX week 
intervals at the following lIIne. 

Beginning -. aturday 9.00 - 10 :00 
Intermediate - Wednesda\ 3.00 - 4 30 

:aturda\, io .oo - 11.30 
Beginners I 00 P r Ie son. Intermediate 

2.00 per Ie on 

* 
* SPORTS " ....•.................•.....••••••••••••••••••••••••... , 

I , 
. , , , I Golden Oldie Film Society i 
I : I January Fe tiva l I 
I II 

Jan. 16· Bus Stop / Ho rse Feolhers 

Jan. 73 • The (o ine Mutiny / 
On The Waterfront 

Jan. 30 - Midsummer's Night Dream/ 
The A natomy of a Mu rde r 

DATE Jon. 16-23-30 
PLACE Sumner Aud itorium 

TIME 6:30 I' 

Ticlcets ",oi/o61e at Urey Hall BOJ( Office ',II 
ol"I/OS Me - See Nora Aust 

•.........••••.••.......................................• 

WRITERS 
NEEDED 

******** 

see 
ROCKY 
triton 
times 
offiee 

iFYOU~ 'iN qlillaT ... 
~~~~~~ 

~.1fu.~~oJcJ. 'TJ!iCcu 
iY) ..... r A'DU-I&-\J£l., ~..uH.llC ~~A~,(}Wv~ 
~~ ~ Wd7. rt&W-~ rnut"..uA ~ 

r-()qVe ! offfIt~Ften WP.I~ 
.-------- ----:~-~~Hf .. ~;;~ .. --.~ 

"'''6~~~Jteii~ Sl'oc..lC,: 

• .. ~_ ~ •• :.&.d. , I l" ~~~ 20~FF" : 
UI\,QV ~ : wuru~ : 

,_ .. ,............. . ... _ .......... ... ... , ... ....... ... . .. ..... . ...... . --:- ... .......... -.. - ... -........ ~ 
e~eft5~ 'kwIi,' IbN ! ,':'. -. 140 L!\ ware~G»l.'>~~ ~.L.1,e~~: ·~~qNo rct~R- ! ~G-. <49 .Z4 i .. : · .90 i 

l ! w~TefL • 50 !>lIeer 1 
: ~~ ! ~~ : 1- __ -- ___ - - - __ -. -.- __ _ • • - - ___ - __ ___ -- --_ - _. - -----•• -. -. ____ ._- --- ______ • _________ ~ 
. . , 

! ~H]I~~ OlN~'1!J t ti l( \4c.l·,jrref( 
qttrrL!C fWM'NCT : ~l\eT(H BOOK 

, Re'- ,qs" . ,4svp.l ~.Z?5149 Ie.: \J.. 1 D. • ' • 
. , 

o I ' 
, wUIo t'I'IfIMtt, : iudft.. rDlLnhru • 
, -,- -- , --r ... ·- , 
L •• • .. ~ ........ ~ . .... .. - .... - ... ~ •• -.~ .. ... ~ .... . ~ ....... . ....... ___ , _ .... .. .... __ ........ _ _ ._ ... . 

aJu <Jihtt QJc;c~ • 
~3~~' ffio FIe. eeqcB 

~-~~ 

\0' STUI=aIT PISCOJWT' PI~UNT DOES NOT 
l'J'1'\.y 10 ~ 1TE:)(& 
tolP f> 5~eT· txmf'{T'Ovm 

.;l.&2.-82.i!>9 

January 8, 1971 Triton Timts P_.e 7 



_ H ••• ·_ _ _____ _ 

" 

FRIDA Y, January 8 MORE MOVIES-2 p.m .. Unicorn Theater ; India Film Club presents 
Best Picture Award Winnl'r 
" Himalay K Godemin," in color 
with subtitles. 

LECTURES-noon , Sumner 
Auditorium ; Marine Biology 
Seminar ; Dr. Eugene Robin, 
Stanford University Medical 
Center."Cellular Adaptations to 
Prolonged Diving ." 

CONCERT-7:30 p.m. . 20-2250 
Muir ; Robert Turner, Senior 
Lecturer in the Department of 
Music, presents four of his young 
artist students from Los Angeles in 
an all Beethoven sonata recital. 
Free. 

4 p.m., 2A- 7421 ; Mathematics 
Colloquium ; Professor William 
Leveque, Univ. of Michigan, "On 
Distribution Modulo One." 

FOLK DANCING- 8-12 p.m., 
gym's west balcony (fenci ng 
room) . Teaching for , first-timers 
and intErmediate dancers from 8-
9:30 25 cents. Plea no street 

MONDAY, January 11 

hoes. 

MOVIES-7:30 p.m., U B 2722; 
Friday ite Flicks, " Butcb Cassidy 
and the Sundance Kid" and three 
Roadrunner cartoons. 

FOLK DA CI G-8-10 ' 30 p.m in 
the we t balcony of the gym ; 
Mostly line dances- Balk.an, 
Israeli. etc. Limited teachlDg. 
Please no street shoes. 

SATURDA Y, January 9 

PARTY-Open; sponsored by 
Alpha Sigma Phi ; 8 p.m at 2660 
Hornblend . Apt. M. in Pacific 
Beach Phone 274·0579 

SUNDAY, January 10 

MOVIES-7 p.m.. B 2722 : 
Revolutionary film s : " Yippie 
Invasion of La Jolla ." .. Los Siete." 
"Arm y," (GI Organizing !. " Day of 
Plane Hunting. ,. Pre ented by 
Revolutionary Action Caucus 

MUSIC-2·5 p.m .. 201MC : Jazz 
Ensemble practie Need more sax 
and trombone players Call Stefan 
0Iestan. 453·6863. 

TUESDAY, January 12 

LECTURES-4 p.m.. USB 3960; 
Mr. John Keyes. journalist will 
speak on " P e r onal 
Journali sm-The Subjective 
Journalist" . 

ANNOUNCEME T 

There is a January 15 deadline 
for all cholarship applications for 
the 1971·1972 academic year. 
Please submit applications to the 
Financial Aids office in 250M on 
or before that date Applications 
for loans. work·study. and grants 
must be in by March 15. 

FOU D-Black male Lab 
retriever: 2 months old . leather 
colla r. no tags : 453·0036. 

OPERATJOIIi URVIVAL 

WHERE 00 WE GO FROM HERE? 
:"Iote to (,SO MIlitants Ilf there are anvl Don 't waste 

any time and effort on plans to burn down' nor !Jlow up the 
present Establishment It I programmed to self· 
destruct a \\ hoI lot sooner than you'lI have any place 
else to go' 

Fortunatel~ there IS another Sid to thl picture. and It 
IS very bright Inde('d' 

In Januan uf 1933 Technocran"s Dlrector' In' hlef 
Howard COlt 1",lted Amerlca" s leading Banker 
Industrialists and other notables. to a meeting In the 
Pierre HOlel In "ell' York City There lalso on :'iatlonal 
RadIO broJdcd t I he ad> I sed the merlcan ;l;atlon of the 
findings of Technocracy Incorporated . 1 and It 
predecessor the T chmcal Alliance I since 1920. and 
invited the I~aders of thl ;\'atlon to avail ALL 
AMERICA:'-S 01 the I:-;TELLIGE:'iT. C1E:'iTlFIC USE. 
of th follOWing A . Is 
1 - Over 1/2 of the World 's Natural Resources exist on the 

North American Continent; over 1/2 the World's 
Technician reside here; over 1/2 of the World's 
Machines are located here. 

2 - These assets, SCIENTIFICALLY USED, enable us to 
PRODUCE and TO SCIENTIFICALLY DISTRIBUTE -
a $40,OOO-a·year standard of living (1970 dollar values) to 
EVERY ADULT ON THE NORTH AMERICAN CON-
TINENT-from age 2S Wltil death (graduated up to that 
figure for minors). MORE THAN WE CAN POSSIBLE 
CONSUME-for every man, woman and child, from 
birth Wltil death! 

3 - Using our Natural Resources and our Machines at peak 
efficiency, to produce this standard of living would 
require that all adults, between the ages of 2S and 45, 
work apprOximately 4 hours a day, 4 days a week. The 
balance of the time could be spent LIVING instead of In 
EARNING A LIVING. 

4 - By using non-negotiable ENERGY CERTIFICATES 
instead of obsolete MONEY as a MEDIUM OF 
DISTRIBUTION, we wuuld "vI only put PRODUCTIO 
AND DISTRIBUTION ON A SCIENTIFIe IlASIS 
(measurable )-but would AUTOMATICALLY 
ELIMINATE ABOUT 9S percent OF OUR CRIME IN 
THE PROCESS. 

5 - Until age 2S would be spent in obtaining a REAL 
EDUCATION instead of learning HOW TO MAKE A 
fAST BUCK ! 

6 - Designs, blueprints and model! were then presented (37 
years ago) for CONTI ENTAL HIGHWAYS AND 
AUTOMOBILES, with which auto accidents were 
mechanically impossible. 

7· Blueprints for a Continental System of Hydrology, Land, 
SoH and Air Conservation and the Preservation of 

ature, as wetl as our INTELLIGENT USE AND 
CONSERVATIO OF IRREPLACEABLE NATURAL 
RESOURrES. 

Was anybody tistenin' Results in next isaue. 
OPERATION, PO Box 2019, La Jolla Ca., 92037. 

Page 8 Triton Times January 8,1971 

Applications for State Graduate 
Fellowships for 1971 ·72 must be 
postmarked and ent to the State 
Scholarship and Loan Commission 
by January 16. Applications are 
available from the State 
Scholarship and Loan Commission, 
714 P Street,Sacramento,Ca. 95814 ; 
from graduate admission offices, 
financial aid offices, and the 
offices of the graduate deans. 

All current State Graduate 
Fellowship recipients will 
automatically be mailed renewal 
materials on April 28. 

All Anamoly Factory dancers 
and those interested in becoming, 
sign up for classes on Anamoly 
Factory door. or call 453-8901. 

Do you have any questions or 
want to talk to someone about 
Judaism? Come to the Jewi h 
Students Association office in 
250MC and talk to a JSA 
representative or call Wendy at 
453·3449. 

If you are a new studeDt tbis 
quarter aDd waDt to request a II·S 
student deferment, please come to 
250MC to fill out a Selective 
ervice Relea e Information Card. 

AUDITIONS 
Rock Singers, Actors, Dancers 
for an new rock musical. The 
Peoples Rock Theater is esta -
blishing a new professional 
theater in San Diego. exper-
ienced Artists please call 274-
5689 before Sunday, 12pm ., 
for audition information . 

PEACE. 

s. Hurok 
Presents 
A new star 
of the 
Classical 
Guitar 

M 
I 
C 
H 
A 
E 
L 

25(BEER 
entertainment 

nightly 
Silverado & Fay 

La Jolla 

Sun. Jan. 17 
UCSD 
Gym 

8:30 p.m. 

$1 .00 UCSD Students 
$2 .00 UCSD Staff 
$3 .00 Gen . Adm . 
hoilollit Urty H.11 In Offi" 

C LAS S'I FIE D S 
Services 

Typing-I BM-Resonable 
rates-Call 488·3188. 
Typing ... Exp-er';'i-en-c-e-d-t-y-pi-st-.. -.t-er-m 
papers, thesis. Electric typewriter. 
..-iII do rush jobs. 453-6835. 

. . 

DISTlNTlVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 45~ 
Europe Charter Flights. 
Severa I Schedules available. 
Coordinator : Professor 
Margaret Pool i 247 Roycroft 
Ave ., Long Beach, 90803. 
LORANCHET-Goodman studio, 
La Jolla. Custom Designed 
Wedding Bands and Sets, un-
usual and striking . Complete 
facilities for Custom Centrifu· 
gal Casting , 459-9248. 

Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 
Try James Automotive Service 
America n and Foreign Cars 
Repairs and Polution control. 
Student Discount 7748 Herschel 
La Jolla (in the rear) 459-9181 
Weaving , macrame, batik 
elasses Start soon. Call 755·4461 
Carmel Valley weavers supply 
for elass schedule. 
Typing-for accurate Typing on 
electric pica - term papers , 
theses, manuscripts etc. call 
Mrs. McCroskey 287·1607 

BUMMING AROUND EUR· 
OPE THIS SUMMER? Student 
Charter Flights to London , Tel 
Aviv and Japan 

LOW PRICES 
Ca II 755·3990 after 5 p.m. or 
(213) 651 ·3311 or write : 

E.S.E.P. - U.C.S.D. 
8217 Beverly Blvd. 

Los Angeles, Calif., 90048 

For Sale 
Bean and alfalfa sprouter wit~ 
instructions and seed packets 
53. Box 2422 Van Nuys, calif, 
91404 
COSMETICS. For 9·25( Sam· 
pies of Randal non.allergiCi 
Cosmetics, (made from fruits , 
herbs, ferns, flowers, etc. ane! 
no harmful chemicals) send 
only 1.00 to Randall Cosmetics 
P.O. Box 2019, La Jolla, Calif, 
State of skin Is dry, normal, or 
combination. 
KLH 20 Complete Stereo Unl1 
Sony TC355 Reel to Reel Tape 
Deck and 50 1800 ft reels of Son~ 
PRISO tape . Best offer for eac~ 
item . call Ron Gardner, 121 ~ 
Sierra, Solana Beach 755-7664, 

Porsche 1960 Convertible Hare 
and Soft top. Clean, in gooe 
shape. Contact Dr. Judd 453 
2000 ext. 2244. 
1965 5·90 Honda Very gooe 
condition, recently overhaulec 
120. Used only on Sundays bl 
itenerant preacher. 276·2520. 
Chevy Nova Wagon Excellenl 
5750. 276·6894 eves . 
As new Scuba outfit Sacrifici 
276-6194 eyes. 
5-90 HONDA "1968" 
Good condition 5120 
274-4110 ext. 113 after 7 p.m. Asl 
for Jimmy 
79 HONDA 70CC 
Electric Start 
Perfect Condition 
5280 or Best 459-5746 
Honda 50, 1966 Good shape S100 
1963 Yamaha 55 S50 (need 
work) or ask about Rabbi 
Peter 755·3556 

Personals 
Wanted : Student for chauffeu l 
ing during Jan. 24 to Feb. 6 01 
Mar area. Call 755-2306 after 
p.m. 
House for Rent , Clairmont . 
Br ., 2 Bath, Extras S275 Monti 
276-6894 eves. 
Gay Guy wanted to share 51 
eluded 3 bedroom house . Write 

Box 535, De l Mar 

Final Clo e Out 
Clearance ale at Our Cost! 

Large aving 
STEREO COMPONENTS 

Scott-Dynaco-Kenwood 
Receivers-Amps-Speakers-Tape Recorders 

10 iollo music 
1128 wall 10 iolla 

459·3375 

SHAKLEE PRODUCTS 
Di~trib uto r (student) - ecologically cooper-
ative laundry agent (Basic-l) - divine food 
supplements (multiple vitamins, vitamin E 
vitamin C, instant Protein etc,) I 

Call 283-0454 
Ask for Wayne or leave your message and number 
with the answering service . 

NOI \fZIN\f!)~O 11~O~d'NON 


