
triton ti 
Volume 12, Number 20 University of Coliforni.o, Sa'; Diego Friday, March 12, 1971 

George Winne Memorial is a place for quiet contemplation and reflection away from the madding 
crowd on Revelle Plaza 

Eucalyptus Grove 

Winne Memorial Initiated 
Barbara Simon 

Staff Writer 
A grove of Eucalyptus trees 

located southeast of the 
Central Library may soon 
become one of the most 
beautiful ites on campus. 

The area has bee., 'iesignated 
as a memorial to Muir College 
graduate George Wlnn t:' ,,,h.) set 
himself on fire in Revelle Plaza 
last spring as a personal 
protest against the war in 
Indochina . Development of the 
site began this quarter with 
Visual Arts Professor Michael 
Todd as architect assisted by 
his "ecological sculpture" 
class. 

Initiation of the memorial 
came from the George Winne 
Memorial Committee of 
faculty and admini trative 
personnel which wa organized 
soon after Winnes' death. The 
memorial i intended to be a 
quiet area for contemplation 

~nd tudy according to 
co mmittee chairman. 
Professor Roger deLaix. 

" We are trying to perpetqate 
an attitude of concern for the 
kind of feelings students 
have." says deLaix . He 
emphasizes that the memorial 

is not a political symbol. 
DeLaix continues that the 

site i in keeping with the quiet, 
serious character of George 
Winne. 

Mrs. Winne ha s been 
consulted and according to 
deLaix, she feels that the site is 
appropriate for a memorial to 
her son . 

The site by the Central 
Library was chosen for several 
reasons besides the fact that it 
is relatively quiet. It is an 
accessible area and it contains 
a fallen eucalyptus tree which 
has new branches growing 
straight out of it. 

Professor Todd explains that 
the fallen tree i symbolic. " An 
analogy can be driven to a 
fellow student who survives 
spiritually." he says. 

Clearing the grounds in a 
large radius around the fallen 
tree was a first step for Todd 's 
class. A thick carpeting of 
leaves are noisy when walked 
on . says Todd. He points out 
that the leaves that fall in the 
cleared area contributes to a 
natural landscape effect 
without causing a sound. 

"We are developing an 
....................................................... 

AS Referendum Results 
1) Continue the relatian.hip with los Alamo. and livermore . 

Sover .... .. ........... . .... . 
Ab,tain . . . • . . . . . . . . .• . .... , 

2) Budget Acceptable Increa,e 
Communication. 80ard 288 (64%) 71 (18%) 
Programing 160 (40%) 204 (51 %) 
Student Club. 193 (48%) 77 (19%) 
AS Administration 242 (60%) 24(6%) 
Stipends 170 (42%) 30 (8%) 
Miscellaneou. 253 (63%) 27(7%) 

3) Should members of the AS Council receive Stipend,? 

191 (44%) 
238 (55%) 
. 2 (0.5%) 

Decrea .. 
74 (1 8%) 
35 (9%) 
131 (33%) 
136 (34%) 
199 (50%) 
121 (30%) 

Ye, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 187 (44%) 
No . . . . . . . • . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 186 (44%) 
Ab,tain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . (48%) 

4) Favorlhe ideall of the peace treaty. Y., ....... . ........ ...... ... 251 (58%) 
No .......... . ............... 78 (18%) 
Ab,tain ................... , .. . 106 (24%) 

Favor ratification of the peace treaty. 
Ye, .. 
No ....•••..... . ..•. 
Ab,tain ......... . 

180 (42'fo) 
142 (33'fo) 
1 10 (25'fo ) 

4S1 Ballot, were ca,t . Thil conltitutel approxlmat.ty 1 I % of thl 

~~::~~~.I .............................................. . 

organic natural style." says 
Todd. One illu tration of the 
natural form are the many 
smooth rocks which dot the 
area. The rock , which were 
hauled to the site, appear as if 
they belong in the eucalyptus 
grove. 

Another natural effect is 
created by several mounds of 
dirt which Todd 's class has 
buil t. The mounds are planted 
with bright green mo. sand 
colorful flowers . 

A light breeze in the grove 
rustles leaves high in the 
euca lyptus trees but hardly 
touches the leaves of the 
smaller cedar, juniper, and 
silver dollar trees which have 
bE!en planted this quarter . 

Each member of Todd 's 
class submitted a plan for 
land caping the area . "We 
discuss the plans and pick out 
the best ideas." tates Todd. 

His s pring quart e r 
" landscape architecture" class 
will continue the project which 
includes planting a hedge of 
trees to creen the library 
parking lot from the memorial 
site. "We hope to finish the 
basic work by June ," Todd 
says. Thereafter , the memorial 
will have to be kept clean 
perhap by volunteers. 

Professor deLaix report 
that a fund raising campaign 
will be undertaken sometime 
during the spring quarter to 
pay for the landscaping. Funds 
are needed for plants, a water 
system. and an iron table which 
will bear an in cription . 
According to deLaix , the 
in criplion will contain the 
word that George Winne 
wrote on a sign before igniting 
himself. The word are " in 
God ' nam . end the war." 

Other project which are 
bing con id rcd by the Georg 
Winn Memorial ommittee 
would al 0 n ed funding. The e 
proj t includ an annual 
lectur ri rela t d to th 
ubj t of p ac . and an 

und rgrad uate e ay conte t 
al 0 n th topic of pac. Any 
contribution to th m morial 
ommitle will b ppr clated. 
ay d Laix. 

The Regent W.ho Came to Supper 
Frank Phil/ips 
Staff Writer 

University of California Regent DeWitt Higgs 
was on campus Wednesday night having dinner 
with Diddo Clark 's Contemporary Issues class. 
Higgs told the ten freshmen attending the 
informal dinner in the Mandeville Suite that 
" unless greater support from the tate comes 
the university will be in real trouble in (he next 
two years." 

Higgs began the discussion by outlining the 
function of the Board of Regents and how 
regent are selected. Higgs told the attentive 
group that he didn 't know exactly why Former 
Governor Brown selected him to serve. His 
participation in various public affairs project , 
such a the California Water Project, may have 
been a rea on, according to the Regent. Higg 
said that " certa inly the fact that I am a 
Democrat was a factor." 

Inevitably. someone asked about the 
termination of Angela Davis from her po ilion 
as assistant philosophy professor at UCLA. 
Higgs said he would not apology to give for his 
vote in favor of the firing . The Regent pointed 
out that there were two separate i ue 
involved. The first was whether she should be 
fir d. Higgs said " it is my gut feeling that no 
memb r of the Communist Party can be an 
objective teacher. I know thatlo join the party a 
person must swear to work for the violent 
overthrow of our government. " 

The second is ue involved was whether Davis 
should be rehired. Higgs said that a faculty 
report was highly critical of the controversial 
professor. The report " said that numerous 
times she had violated the standards of 
academic freedom set forth by the American 
Association of University Professors." Higgs 
told the somewhat skeptical students that he 
felt he did the right thing in voting to fire and 
not rehire Angela Davis. As for Davis' charge 
that the Regent's action was motivated by 
racism, Higgs said " there is nothing in my 
background to indicate that I am a racist. ,. 

The greate t problem facing the univer ity 
today, according to the San Diego Attorney, i 
gaining greater support for public education. 
Higg said that the people "who say governor 
Reagan i all wrong are no more correct than 
the people who say that Re;lgan can do no 
wrong." Reagan 's proposed budget for the 
Univer ity " is ill-conceived, ill-timed and would 
be a disaster for the future of the ys tem ." 
Reagan is acting in respon e " to what he 
considers a mandate to clamp down on the 

At Muir Faculty Meeting 

University." Students need to convince " the 
little old ladies in La Jolla that tudents are not 
a bunch of long-haired, drug using radicals 
attempting to tear everything down." 

One of the greatest problems facing U 0 is 
convincing people of the need for Third College. 
Higgs said he i a a supporter of the College and 
hopes that the Regents will give the experiment 
at least ten yea rs of development before 
reaching any conclu ion . 

Many people are convinced that Third College 
is a ·· training ground for revolutionarie . and 
only the students can change that image ." 
Higgs said that he has a great deal of faith in 
Provost Jo eph Watson and hope that the 
experimental college, which is attempting to 
open up educational opportunities for minority 
tudents. will be succes ful. 
The evening' di cu sion ending with students 

expressing their feelings about the Regent . 
their education. and UC D. All agreed that it 
was a worthwhile di cus ion, with HIggs 
commenting that he would like to have more 
contact with student in the future . 

DeWitt Higgs explain univer ity problem 
through a Regent' eye during an aftter dinner 
chat with Muir tudent . 

Req't Changes Meet Resistan(e 
Frank Phil/ips 
Staff Writer 

Proposal for changes in 
the graduation requirements 
of John Muir College were 
di scussed at a meeting of the 
college's faculty on Tuesday. 
The proposed changes met 
s tiff resistance from 
members of the faculty who 
fear that the proposals, which 
call for the elimination of 
ome or all of the college's 

graduation requirements, 
would weaken the academic 
program presently offered to 
students. 

At the opening of the 
di cu ion , Muir Provo t 
John tewart read a 
statement in which he warned 
that any "change in th 
character of the college is a 

riou matter which mu t be 
given riou con idera tion ." 
Outlining the goal of the 
co ll eg a orig inall y 
formulated tewart said that 
" unfortunately the real 
e p ri n e of our student 
during th fir t four year ha 
not com up to th high 
tandard envi ioned bv th 

plann r " He added - that 
ven WIth th probl m 

cncount red " MUIr tud nt 
hav in g n ral r ceiv d a 

good education ," 
Of the approximately 40 

members of the 99 member 
facu lty attending, most who 
poke expressed opposition to 

the elimination of 
requirement . The chief 
concern expre sed wa that 
tudents would not receive a 

broad education if the choice 
of cla ses was left entirely up 
to the individual student. 
ociology profes or Joseph 

Gusfield said that a student 
would " naturally choose only 
the classe which interest 
him at the moment, re ulting 

in a very narrow education." 
After the meeting Muir 

College Council student 
member Jon Collins told the 
TRITO TIME that he feels 
the faculty is attempting to 
avoid the most important 
issue involved . He said that 
the faculty 's " fear of 
eliminating requirement i 
obscuring a nece sary 
reflection on the goal of the 
college." The meeting was 
recessed without any action 
being taken until AprIl 6th 
when the proposals will again 
be di cu ed . lirs:;ii:;;;;:;':':i';':·:'ii;:;:;ii:;r"l: 

Revelle College Provo t Paul altman ha be n admItted 
to Univer ity Ho pital. In a telephone conversation with th 
TRITO TIME . he di mi d ny cau for alarm 

"0 pite a lot of votive candl tflat were lit in the hop 
that I was gonna croak it turn t that I will b back aga lO 
in a coupl of we k ." 

" I had very large clot in th pJlmonary arteries It '. 
ci lled a pulmonary emb lism.I bad lhr f I.b m, ' d it 

:::: hut down circulation in about a third 01 th I ft lung and It ::: 
:-:. cau d hutdown in both lhe I ft and right lun . And '0 It ::: 

:~:: wa very painful and a riou pr po ition. It could h:ive ~~~ 
:::. been very, very bad. But thank lo mod rn medicine and ;:: 
::: D's Medical School, t t ra, tc ra lh y'v ot rn ::: 
::: under control and in no time at all I'll be O.K. again." :;: 
::::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::: 



tiD1.es 
Univenity of C.,iforni •• Sin Diego 

L. Joll •• C.lifornil 92037 
(714) 453-2000. ext. 1016. Advertising ext. 1017 

Haywood Gammon. Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The .dilorials ,x.pressed below are arproved by lhe TRITON TIMES Edilorial 8oord. All olher opinions 
e.pressed on Ihos page are Ihose 0 lhe aUlhors wh_ names appear in Ihe bylines and do nol 
necessarily ,.fleel lhe views of lhe TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring 10 submil maleriallo ~ published in 
Ihis sec lion should .. nd illo Ih. Edilorial Director. TRITON TIMES, 117 8la~e Hall. UCSD. 
What's the Meaning? 

AS Referendum 
In last Friday's TRITON TIMES we 

advocated severing the University's 
relationship with the Los Alamos and 
Livermore nuclear research 
laboratories and ratification of the 
peace treaty. Yet, it would be 
ridiculous for us to claim a victory 
when only 458 votes were cast. We take 
this seriously becau~e if it is a matter 
of publicity, we, 'as the campus 
newspaper are at least partly to 
blame. If the "hassle" of voting is too 
great maybe there are ways of 
reducing it. Some possibilities might 
be to make voting tables more visible, 
or possibly having more voting tables 
(in the cafeteria or the library?). mail 
ballots, or whatever. I n any case it is a 
problem we feel should be looked into. 
At present referendums serve no 
purpose except as tools of propaganda 
for those who would interpret 200 odd 
votes as a 60 percent mandate. 

Elsewhere on these pages you, the 
student, are informed on the 
"meaning" of last week's referendum. 
44 percent of the electorate has voted 
against AS stipends and when lumped 
with the 12 percent who abstained the 
AS has obviously been presented with 
a vote of "no confidence". The use of 
percentages, we must admit, is as 
good a way as any to hide the fact 
there was a total of 458 votes cast. 

There is only one thing to be learned 
from the referendum and that is the 
need to find better ways of inducuing 
student participation. We find it 
difficult to believe students have no 
opinions at all. Setting aside the non-
issue of AS stipends two of the 
referendum's measures presented 
real issues for which an accurate 
guage of student opinion would haved 
been valuable. 

Masochists Wanted ' 
When we held a meeting last week to 

air complaints and suggestions for the 
TRITON TIMES, only two people 
bothered to attend. This might mean 
that everyone else thinks we're doing 
a great job or that we're a hopeless 
cause. More likely, most of you just 
take us for granted . 

We don 't take ourselves for gra nted 
nor do we take UCSD for granted or we 
wouldn't be here publishing a paper 
when we should be studying for 
classes. We just persist in the belief 
that the UCSD community should 
know what's happening within it. 

Unfortunately, a high quality school 
paper can not develop in an apathetic 
atmosphere. No matter what you think 
of us, we've been working hours on end 
trying to improve the paper, and we 
think we've succeeded to a large 
extent . 

We would like people who are 
seriously interested in improving 
campus media to join our staff . A new 
quarter will start in a few weeks, 
giving people an opportunity to start 
working with us then before they get 
bogged down in schOOl work. 

Come to the TRITON TIMES office 
in the northwest corner of Blake Ha II. 

triton till1es 
Edilor-in-Chier .. IIa",ood Gammoll 
Ci ly Edilor . ... . .... Carl \ t·i""r!!,", 
Managing Edilor .... . . \I ill" '''iI~.-r 

New. Deportment 
Ro~e Oe Costo 
Rod lorong 
Robert MIlle r 
John Zoll.r 
Ed Boyl. 

Contr ibutor, 
SteYr lon'dou 
Jim S,lh 
Arh Department 
10m Beer 
Joy Gill.". 

Phologrophy 
Jon Fronek 

Cop ~' Edilor .... ... Child. Crahant 
Husi ness ,\lanager ....... j df Fried 

Juliano CInque 
8obb,. Fink 

lorry John .. on 
Sor9un 10nl 

Mati Hmlon 
Advt,'ising 
Deportment 
Mork Trilling 

Su~on Code\ 
Molly Sel~tn Ken Bo rne\ 

Edilorial Direclor .. Haolll COlli rna-
Associale CilY Edilor ... (h'l'1I jo~ II ... 

Br uce Morden 
Fronk Phd ll p ~ 
Cliff Po. ' 

Co,ne Ric key 
.A,ti,h Secretoriol StoH Steye Cohen 
\Iull~:-'l"hill 

KOlhy Ruu 
!;orbora SImon 

Sarah McKenna 
Allan Sekula 

IArl . Edilor . .. . .... , Tl' rr~ Baral.. J.II G roho m Don Greene 
M ike Roberh 
Paul T eyHler 
Rane y Sret (e 

George Sozonl 
Shello Col houn 
Copy Dtpa,'m.n' 

ISporls [.lilor .... .. , Hod.~ lI alf,," Au ', Managing Ed . Debb ie Montgomery 
Pholograph~ Edilur .... juhll Zaller Joe Eo\'ern Gleno Schroeter Comy Shorlck 

Production 
Dove BUChbinder 

The TRITON TIMES 1\ oftlclolly reeogn lled and \upported os 0 student newspaper by 'he Communl(otlon .. Boord 
of the UniverSity of California . Son Diego, BUIlding 750, Matthews Compu\. La Jolla. Coll fornlO 97037 Pub llcot lon 

,~ twice wee~ ly on lue~doys ond fr idoys Offlce5 ore located ,n room 117. Bloke Ho ll, on 'he Re¥t lle CompU5 Fo' 
Ad •• rti.ing phon. (~3 · 2000 , XIOI7 , fo r .d ,'ollolo,n,". phon.XIOI6 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
UCSD Snobs 

Editor: 
On March 5, 1971. the an 

Diego State Aztec kindly 
printed a letter 'rom two UCSD 
students, Mes·;r Allen M, 
Jone and Will.am Perkinson . 
The comments made by th se 
two should b an wered not 
on ll' in the Aztec but also in the 
TRiTON TIMES. The e UCSD 
representative argued that 
. an Diego Statl' should be 
d nled umver It~ tatu since 
It b I nged to the Inlerior tale 
college ystem and wa 
therefore a second cia . 
in ·tltu tlOn 

Their letter has revealed 
aga!n HIP SIloobish eliti m 
inhere nt in the revered 
Ca liforn ia Ma ter Plan. These 
gentl emen from C 0 hould 
become acquainted with some 
other exc lusive group . For 
instance. there is an Iv\' 
League elite that firm(~ 
bell ve no dent educa tion 
can be obtained we t of the 
Appalachians Then there i the 
private school elite that thlnb 
all state-supported mtitutlOns 
are Inferior b,· definition. 

Ju t as these other group 
can nOt con d -cendingl .,· 
preordaIn medio<ri ty lor th 
we tern. public 1 niv r ity 01 

Page 2 Triton Times March 12, 1971 

Ca lifornia. neither can the 
upposedly superior students of 

UCSD prevent San Diego State . 
from obtaining proper 
recognition as a university. 

High entrance requirements 
do not automatically guarantee 
quality grad uates. Indeed , 
condolen es should be ent by 
San Diego tate stud nt to 
UCSD for producing such 
educationa l bigots whose 
altitudes are based on lfi h 
Ignorance rather than on a 
re pect for cholarship and the 
pur uit of knowl dg wh never 
and wherever It xi t 

nfortunately for this state. 
man~ othe'r hare their 

Kick The Faculty 

We're All Part of the Same Game 
Steve Landau 

The past few years have been rocky ones for 
higher education. The University is under fire 
from within and without. President Hitch 
recently released a report calling for greater 
concentration on undergraduate education, and 
a just-released governmental task force report 
found the U. S. educational system lacking. 

Last quarter I voiced a dissatisfaction with 
the quality of teaching, labeling professors as 
"effete snobs." In return I was labeled a 
"mindless know-nothing." It's a shame that 
communications have sunk to this level. My 
article was probably as heavy-handed as the 
reply was a distortion of my position. Yet a rea l 
evaluation of assumptions we have about 
education is vital. and ( would like to carry this 
discussion one step further. 

First of all , UCSD has a distinct advantage in 
dealing with undergraduate education because 
of its college system. But the problems with 
teaching are endemic to higher education, 
especially universities like UC which place a 
high emphasis on scholarly research. Also, 
because of UCSD's high ideals, I guess we judge 
her a little more critically. 

Odds Stacked Against Faculty 
Secondly, the faculty have a lot going against 

them. With a hostile governor, a hostile Board 
of Regents, a hostile legislature, an often hostile 
populace and. sometimes, self-seeking factions 
within the University, the odds are stacked, 
And , yes, their work load is unbearable. But 
equalizing these obstacles, we can still talk 
about faculty attitudes and how they utilize 
those hours they do have for undergraduates, 

Actually, I an not anti-research. I recognize 
that it is largely excellence in research that has 
made UC the finest public university system in 
the U. S. I believe in the " dynamic equilibrium" 
of which Provost Saltman talks. However, I 
would venture that the tail has begun to wag the 
dog. Research all too often determines what 
directions the University will take , and these 
directions don 't always bode well for the rest of 
us. 

As an example, the flak over federally-funded 
research led many proressors to realize that 
they had allowed a situation to evolve in which 
they were not their own masters. Furthermore, 
science has benefitted greatly from research 
grants. to the detriment of the more liberal 
arts-oriented discipline . !This is probably why 
I chose "fruit flies" as an object of sarcasm. ) 

But actually I'm nor saying that research gets 
too much emphasis. Teaching doesn 't get 
enough. An administrator told me some time 
ago that there's litlle attempt to evaluate a 
man 's tearhing skill s before hiring him. The 
man is hired because of hi s reputation in hi s 
field - among peers. 

A Ithough some progress is being made, 
student evaluations seldom enter into the 
decision-making process at any point. Students 
are finding their ways onto many faculty 
commi ttee s , but one - Budget and 
Tenure- remains a jealously guarded fortress. 

Criteria Not Quite Just 
Furthermore, I still maintain that the criteria 

used for determining one 's professional 
competence aren't all that just. You're 
probably well aware of publish-or-perish. I 
heard recently that a plan was under 
consideration to judge one's reputation by the 
number of times he was cited in someone else's 
footnotes , Sounds absurd, but it's plausible. 

Conventional wisdom in academic circles 
dictates that the PhD. is the ultimate status 
symbol and that original research is required 
for the PhD., no matter how useless that 
research may be. Tenure is then acquired by 
continued proliferation of one's works. I object 
to thi syndrome whereby research becomes an 
end in itself. Pure scholarly research is needed , 
but there are other ways in which a person can 
demonstrate he 's a worthy scholar. 

The upshot of all this is a certain rigidity ip 
academic thought. Many professors are liberal 
and progressive. You'll see them marching with 
you on Moratorium Day, but change the science 
requirement'! The plain truth is that the faculty 
is often very conservative on internal mallers, 
and sometimes downright reactionary. Good 
teaching requires a creativity and involvement 
thal is incompatible with such rigidty. 

This rigidity has a definite effect on us. I'll be 
the first to admit that students are lazy. I, for 
one, have become used to not having to 
participate in class and falling behind in the 
readings, to studying only during the 5th and 
10th week , and to methodically grind ing out 
papers. I also know that I could get more out of 
my cla.sses with extra initiative. 

System Encourages Passivity 
However , we are all products of an 

educational system that encourages passivity. 
The lecture format teaches us only to take , 
never to give back. The difficulty of relating to, 
or even having any contact with your profe sor, 
only furthers this superior inferior relationship. 
(read Farber's Siudenlas Nigger). 

Another problem is that the university 
remains' an Ivory Tower. There have been 
moves towards " relevancy," but this usually 
means adding courses about relevant topics. 
and then examining them in the same antiseptic 
and pedantic manner. God I'm sick of reading 
about life from a textbook. As far as I'm 
concerned the university should arrange for all 
its students to spe nd half their time getting real 
job experience-especially in the Social 
Sciences. But then, that smacks of the "applied 
learning," to which some academic turn up 
their no s. 

I'm firmly convinced that the rampant apathy 
among students-be it about politics , student 
service, or whatever, can ultimately be traced 
to this passivity syndrome. 

So what I have to say i not so much an attack 
on the faculty . It' s a recognition that we 're all 
part of the same game- an educational system 
that is not meeting enough of our needs , It's also 
a plea for an intelligent discussion of this topic 
within the univer ity community. By openly 
discussing our shortcomings we may 
temporarily give fodder to our enemies, but by 
failing to do our own housecleaning we're 
preparing the way for our eventual downfall. 

misguided views . Thi s 
intellectual eliti m will on ly be 
ended in California public 
education when the Ma ter 
Plan is amended so that 
institutions of higher learning 
concentrate solely on different 
fields of knowledge rather than 
on the so-ca lled different levels 
of tudents. 

Muir College and every 
member o[ the Drama Search 
Committee over this matter 
and J wish to express my 
personal thanks for a positive 
resolution to what was , after -
all , symptomatic of the early 
growth of a new campus. 

Church All , 4190 Front St. , in 
support of the Berrigan 
Brothers and the other "co-
conspirator ," This is a joint 
action sponsored by such 
diverse groups as The Peace 
Action Council , Concerned 
Clergy and Laymen, Impact, 
The La Jolla 4,000, the 
UFWOC , Angela Davis 
Defense Committee and the 
People's Coalition for Peace 
and Justice. The rally will 
feature Blase Bonpane, music , 
lawyers, and excerpts from the 
Holy Outlaws- a documentary 
film on the Berrigans. 

Joan Waite 
Graduate Student, Histor y 
San Diego State UniversilY 

Personal Thanks 
Editor: 

Following the over -
s implified and over-
personalized misunderstanding 
co ncer ning the I u ture 
development of drama at 
UCSD, may I say that lines of 
communication are now 
healthily restored with 
constructive planning towards 
the integration of an active 
th atre program within the 
framework of the Drama 
Department. 

on Iderable patience and 
cooperation hay been forth -
coming from th Provo t of 

Eric Christmas 
Senior Leclurer 

Drama Department 
Ext. 2491 

Holy Outlaws 
Editor: 

I would like to remind 
everyone that there will be a 
rally Thursday, March 18, at 
7:30 P.M. at the Unitarian 

Come and join the conspiracy 
to save lives. 

Barbara Rodgick 

he Draft 

Why Draft Repeal-Student View · 
My intent in writing this was not to 

and discuss all of the well 
I and legal arguments 
n~o,rnilnc draft repeal- the mercenary 

army bit , duty to your country, the 
necessity of the draft to encourage 

';':enUl;tmems, the possible inequities of a 
people 's army, etc, My purpose 

e is to give expression to the plight of 
student who faces the possibility of 

ng drafted . 
As a student and draft counselor I am 

aware of the predicament that 
:·:,s tUoeOlS find themselves in as a result of 

draft. Indeed, I was once facing the 
predicament. However , by 
;-.: ~hN,<irla to end my relationship with 

e Service through non-
I relieved myself of the 

nrr.hl,.m< I had to face as a student. 
students , though , are not choosing 

avenue of relief and are still faced 
the problem of the draft controlling 

large part of their lives. 
To understand the plight of the student 

ng the draft, one must know a little 
deferments and "channeling." 

'.',,_'''''''''' '' ng was the policy adopted by 
, ;:, ~:p lpdi'~e Service, under the leadership 

f General Hershey, with the belief that 
wha t the nation lacks, the draft should 
provide, If tradesmen wer needed , the 

would use the threat of 
to coerce men into trades 

deferments. If there was 
ty of teachers, again deferments 

used to channel men into 
·:·:t,ea(:mrIR professions. 

: CHANNELING CONSIDERS NATION 
Channeling did not consider the right 

each individual to determine the 
direction of his own life, only what 

be best for the nation. As it 
, the determined 

The Draft 

Rick Jahnkow 
that the nation could best profit from its 
young if they would go to school , receive 
training, get degrees , re-enter the 
mainstream of society, and use their 
abilities to promote the "nation 's 
welfare." Hence, student deferments . 

Not all young men, when they turn 18 
and register for the draft, want to 
immediately rush into another four 
year of school and the necessary work 
involved, while at the same time 
struggling to stay alive. For many, 
school is simply not the right place for 
them to be during this period of their 
lives. In counseling I've often had 
someone come to me and say they 'd like 
to travel or just "bum " around, but 
because of the draft they could not. 
What if the only other choice is to enter 
the military and they don 't want to? Of 
course, many draft registrants with 
other situations can obtain deferments 
for other reasons. But the fact remains 
that a large number of students today 
are in college because they felt they had 
to be. or face the possibility of induction. 

FULL STUDY LOAD REQ IRED 
Part of being eligible for an 

undergraduate deferment III-S , is the 
necessity of maintaining normal 
progress. That is, in a four-year 
program, a student must have 
completed 25 percent of the required 
credits after the first year , 50 percent 
after the second. and so on . If it takes an 
extra term (over four years) to 
graduate. the II- S will be lost. So a 
student who wants to stay in chool and 
also remain deferred must maintain a 
full load of study. 

Many students coming to me for 
counseling find this the most upsetting 
part of having to rely on a II - S. It 
confines their lives . to 

school full time can affect jobs and how 
many hours one has to work - which , 
consequently, can affect health. 
for marriage, living conditions, 
able to travel etc. It can a Iso cause 
student's education to suffer. Think 
how much better it would be if one 
have to cram so much learning into 
years. For the last year and a half 
been taking only three and four 
term , roughly half of what I'd 
qualify for a II- S. and without a 
my education has been much 
complete, more satisfying to me. . 

While a student, it is easy for a young; 
man of draft age to see and feel all the: 
contradictions inherent in a 
with such a system. America 
supposedly based on the 
freedom to live without intimidation 
the state, yet he finds hi life di rected by 
the government. He can smell the odor 
of coercion when he knows that, if 
doesn't follow an almost fixed 
for four years of his life. he will 
forced into the military. 

Abolishing defermcnts won't 
enough. The student will then have lost 
his deferment but will have to deal with 
his conscience. He will be forced to 
decide whether or not he will submit to 
forced labor, fight in a war he may feel 
has no legitimacy. or help to increase 
militarism. It will be hard to get today's 
stude nts to compromise their 
consciences, much harder th 
channeling them into school. 

ote : The information contained in 
above article is not meant to, in 
way , be a guide for obtaining 
dererment. For information f'MI"''''nino ':': 
this counseling should be sought from a 
draft 

American Roulette 
Q. I am now 17 years old. What will 

happen to me if I don 't register when I 
am 18? I hear thaI I can't be prosecuted 
any longer. Is this true? 

A. Failure to register is punishable by 
up to five years in prison and or a 
$10,000 fine , A recent Supreme Court 
decision held that you cannot be 
prosecuted for failure to register when 
the Statute of Limitations has run out -
five years and five days after your 
eighteenth birthday. You should be 
aware, that time spent outside the 
United States does not count. and that 
the period during which you could be 
prosecuted would be correspondingly 
extended. After the five year ' are over. 
you could however. be registered and 
perhaps drafted up to age 26. 

What are the ways . you could be 
caught? There are some high chaols 
which send graduation lists to dra ft 

' boards. though that practice is not 
: prevalent . Friends. or m~re 
: appropriately. ex-friends. on occasIOn 
: ubmit name to draft boards If they 

Lance Heizer 
get angry enough with you . Even 
relatives may turn your name in. 

If you ar;.e ever questioned by a 
policeman and he asks to see your draft 
card , you may be on safe constitutional 
grounds not to show it to him. but if you 
are arrested and booked, the inventory 
of your personal possessions will surely 
reveal the absence of the card. At any 
rate, if you come up with a random 
selection sequence number (lottery 
number ' of 365-or anything above what 
is currently being called , you are going 
to be looking a little foolish and be put 
into a terrible dilemma . If you sti ll 
refuse to register and get caught. you 
will certainly be prosecuted. If, on the 
other hand. you voluntarily register. 
since you cannot be called for induction. 
you still may be prosecuted . 

So I persona lly consider non-
registration foolish on practical grounds 
as well as illegal. 

Q. I understand that if 1 register 
outside the country when I turn 18 I can 't 

be drdfted. Is that an alternative? 
A. Yes , if you stay outside until 

turn 26. If you register at a COllOs,ela'te 
another country and li t 
someplace al 0 outside 
States, you are assigned to Local Boa 
100 in Washington D. C. When you retu 
to the United States and send them 
permanent address which is in 
country, your file is supposed to 
transferred to the board h~"incl';' 
jurisdiction over your new add 
practice however, your file is 
maintained with IQcal board 100. Either 
way you can be drafted. 

Although you retain a permanent 
address outside the country , the ..... w._._ .. 
you set foot on American soi I. 
short visit, you become 
Consequently, the only way you 
avoid being draftable lexcept of ('m ll r~"";': 
by your lottery number bein 
sufficiently high I i to remai n outside 
the United States until you become over-
age at 26. That i not . J uspect. a very 

alternative for most 

What's the Meaning 
Jim ill 

As reported elsewhere in Ihe TIMES today. the results are in 
on the recent undergraduate referendum. Sittmg here in the 
TRITO TIMES election central. we 're trying to find Its 
significance. . 

Of primary interest to me. a a member of the AS CounCil . 
was number 3 ("Should members of the AS Council receive 
stipends?"). The results were 44 percent ·yes '. 44 percent. 'n? ' 
and 12 percent 'ab tain .· In asses ing the e results : It I 
appropriate to review the expectations of those on both SIdes of 
the question. . . 

Writing on Feb. 26, two members of the Council 10 favor of 
the present $4 ,050 in stipends (Paul Kaufman and Tom Caryl ) 
noted" ... this stipend is really only token renumeratlo.n for the 
time and energy put in by the various officers .... The work that 
lhe A. S. does is absolutely necessary and even vital to the 
general student welfare." Kaufman and Caryl clo e with a 
Iding of allegedly beneficial ervices AS provides thanks to 
the paid professionalism of the AS officers. 

AMOUNT OF STIPEND LEFT OPEN 
A member of the Council writing the "pro" argument on the 

question last week noted that " Purpose~y . neither question 
asks you to fix the precise amount of the stipend an offIcer I to 
receive ... those, in fact , are matters which are customarily 
left up to the discretion of the governing body it elf, which can 
best determine the specific level and value of work that the 
student body has a right to expect from its elected officials." 

Finally on the "pro" side, we have the testimony of the 
TRITON TIMES editorial of March 5. "The third i sue of the 
referendum deals with stipends or salanes for AS offi cers. 
Frankly we don 't believe this " is ue" is an issue at all ." we 
question the ethics and motives of those who have dragged It 
up." The TIMES does get rather suspicious of opposition 
doe n't it? " Any tudy will show the pre ent salaries are 
tokens in relation to the amount of work put in ." There's that 
word " token " again, the word Kaufman and Caryl used to 
describe the tipends they are presen tly receiving for their 
many services. 

AS SALARIE RISE 
The "con" argument noted that AS salaries had ri en qUIckly 

in the last few years , It noted that a referendum question 
dea ling with the specific increases in AS stipends had twice 
been voted down by the AS Council. It noted that the real is ue 
wa the increa e in AS stipends, not whether there hould by 
any ; the question asked in the referendum. 

Let u ummarize ; the AS Council votes itself salaries on 
Jan. 8 with only one di senting vote again t salaries. Two 
subsequent attempts to put the increase on the ballot are 
voted down. A story in DIMD/SION inform the student body 
of the i sue, Under pressure, the Council puts a question on the 
ballot that begs for a 'yes' vote by making the alternative no 
alane at all . Arguments [or a 'yes' vote by memb r of the 

Coun iI majority appear in the TIMES. Finally, an angry 
editorial in the TRITO!'l TIMES ca lling the issue of salaries 
phony. 

The re ults: 44 percent of th voters ay that the A . . Council 
members aren't worth anything by voti ng 'no .' 12 percent say 
that they aren 't ure whether the A Council I worth anythm 
byab talmng. 44 percent say 'ye . they are worth omething . A 
clear majority of 56 percent I'no 's' and 'abstains 'J refused to 
accept th TRlTON TIMES and Paul Kau fman' argument 
that present A sa.laries are mere " tokens." Or, perhap , they 
did accept the argument. but elt that the S Councillsn'( even 
worth "token" alaries. 

Having rved on that body for a year. I would agre With 
either Interpretation. In either ca e, the refe rendum ha been a 
clear vote of " no confidence" in the present'\ government 
Ac ordingly, I will have introdu dar olutIon in the CouncIl. 
two day before you read thi , to cut sa lari in half I a 50 
percent decrea el. I expect to be oted down. just as I was 
when I introdu ed a resolution {'am t bUlldmg takeover , 
di ruplion of guest peaker , intimidation of tudent . Ju t a 
I was when I tWice moved the repe~ 1 of all A Council alary 
mcreases. I hope you will remember the names of those \lho 
h.iv fru trated your will ',' ~ n n t .,t,,> ' 1\.,11 !.. .. ,;vn 
roll around, 
(note : the A .. Council voted Wedn day on a mfilOn to C!l t 
th ir alan from 100 to $50 a quarter, ff tlve With .e 
pnng quarter. The moti n wa d feated 4-3 Tho e VOlin 

" Yes" Bruce lorden. Jim Sills. and teve Pomero \ ollng 
" No " - Dave lchelson. Tom arl. Paul Kaufman. and Dan 
p lien ,) 

March 12, 1971 Triton Times Page J 



Spedal Ecology Supplement as an ERort to Serve the Community-Pages 4, 5, & 6. 

CAN YOU BE INDIFFERENT • 

he baby seal in the photo was one of 50,000 killed in the 
Gulf of St. Lawrence, one of over half a million seals 
clubbed l speared, shot, gaffed during the 1970 Canadian-
Norwegian slaughter in the Atlantic. 

D~n't believe ,furriers who would persuade you that 
Friends of AnImals ~as been ,jmisleading" you, that any 
slaughter anywhere IS done for the benefit of the seals. 
I, Alice Herrington, testify that on March 211 1970-the 
second day of the Canadian season on seals-I saw the 
same brutal massacre against which Friends of Animals 
of which I am president, has been protesting for years. ' 

A~ the bubble-domed helicopter flew low over the first day's 
klll~ I sa~ mother s~als nuzzling the skinless corpses of 
~helr babIes. Standmg ten feet away from the killers on the 
Ice floes, t~enty ~iles ~ut in the Gulf, I saw baby seals, 
clubbed t~lcel raise their heads as they were sliced open. 

Ot~er babies were battered as many as fourteen times 
while thl? mothers watched in terror and stress. 
If You A'~ One Who Cannot Be Indifferent to the Suffering 
of Other Creatures 

YOU CAN HELP 
First -b:( refusing to garb yourself in the agony of another 
by refus,~g to buy the skins of wildlife. ' 
Second--tly causing this advertisement to be inserted in 
your local newspaper, (A mat will be sent upon your request 
to Friends of Animals, See coupon.) 
Third-by sending a tax-deductible contribution to 
Friends of Animals, Inc" a non-profit organization that 

Printed as a Community Service. 

Page 4 Triton Times March 17, 1971 

photo by Brian Davie~ 

intends to pound on the world's conscience until sentient 
men and women everywhere are made aware of the 

un~ecessary cruelty-and destruction being inflicted upon 
animals. Your contribution will be used to plead for those 
~reatures who .cannot speak for themselves but who dumbly 
Implore your Pity. 

r-----------------, 
I Friends of Animals, Inc. 1 1 11 WEST 60TH STREET 1 
I· NEW YORK, N. Y. 10023 o Enclosed is my tax-deductible I 
I contribution to help stop the slaughter I of marine mammals. Please add I my name to your mailing list. I 
1 

0 Send me a mat of this advertisement so 
that I can place this advertisement in I 

I my local paper at my own expense I (also tax·deductible). 
I I 

NAME 

ADDRESS 

CITY STATE ZIP 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I L---___________ .J 

D RING 1969, two hundred thirty -four ships carrying cargoes of oil crashed into one another, dashed themselves upon reefs, or otherwise did them-selves in. 
During 1966- the last year for which such figures 

are available to us - the waters of the U. S. had 2,000 
oil spills of one kind or another. 

Things have advanced to the point where off the 
coast of Labrador alone, some 350,000 birds a year 
become sufficiently covered with oil that they A) 
cannot fty, or B) because some natural buoyancy has 
been interfered with, cannot float, or C) because their 
food supply is similarly coaled, cannot eat without 
being poisoned . 

The experience throughout the world has been 
that at least 90% of all birds SO afflicted by oil die , no 
matter what attempts are made to save them. 

World-wide, several million birds are killed by oil 
every year. So are seals, otters, fish and billions of 
undersea organisms that they feed on. And the num-
ber is growing. 

Until recently the death of "subhuman" creatures 
was not considered worthy of comment. But from an 
ecological point of view, oil on birds' wings is a crime 
against evolution loil is not a thing a species has time 
to adapt to, like colder weatherl and is no less an out-
rage than smog in human lungs. 

There is also some human self-interest involved 
here. If we destroy enough of the oceans, .... e may do 
ourselves in. Everything works together. W. C. Fields 
once put it this way : "If there ain't no chickens, 
Harry, there ain't no eggs." 

It is worth noting therefore, that seven oil com-
panies are about to begin a project which will pro-
duce, eventually, a variety of oil disasters which will 
make the Santa Barbara and San Francisco spills 
seem like the puddles between the wheels of your car. 

Here are the delails. 

I. HOT OIL THROUGH 
THE TUNDRA. 

Because the new Environmental Policy Act requires 
it to do so, the Department of the Interior recently 
reponed on the environmental haunds of a proposed . 
789 mile hot-oil pipeline from Prudhoe Bay, Alaska, 
across our largest remaining wilderness area, to Val-
dez, Alaska, a seaport. 

The report shows that the pipeline would disturb 
wilderness and countless species of wildlife in hun-
dreds of ways (see box below) but we would like to 
provide you with a few highlights : 

I) Each mile of the new pipeline will contain 
500,000 gallons of oil, traveling 7 miles an hour, at 
a temperature of 150·,180· F. Every half mile of 
pipe, therefore, will contain an amount of oil equal 
to that spilled at Santa Barbara. Only 12 shut-<lff 
stations are planned along the 189 mile route- 60 
miles apan-so I break in lhe line could produce an 
oil spill equivalent to 120 Santa Barbaras. 

2) The effects of a spill in Alaska are far worse 
than in temperate zones, where oil degrades after a 
few years. In the fragile , cold tundra landscape, it 
will remain, and pollute, for centuries. What's more, 
the Alaska oil is of a particularly toxic type. 

3) The heat of the oil inside the pipe is one rea-
son why spills are likely. Running through a perma-
frost landscape which is as much as 80% frozen. the 
heat from the oil can be expected to turn the ground 
to mud, causing slippage and landslides, leaving the 
pipe danserously unsupported. 

4) What's more, the pipe will climb mountains, 
ford 3S0 streams, and cross active earthquake faults 
that could snap the pipe as easily as a brand new Los 
Angeles hospital recently was_ The "tank farm " stor-
age complex at Valdez is actually located in an area 
that was totally destroyed during the 1964 Alaska 
quake. The oil companies tell us that if the tanks 
should break in an earthquake the oil will be can-
lained by a dyke. But of course any earthquake which 

breaks the tanks will also break the dyke_ 
5) The Interior Department says, comfortingly, 

that "safeguards" will be taken, but adds this : "There 
is the probability that some oil spills will occur even 
under the most stringent conditions." 

6) The oil will get put into ocean-going tankers 
at Valdez which, in addition to being ferocious earth-
quake country, is also one of the stormielt harbors 
in the world. The tankers themselves will be 15 times 

Considering that we have not yet devise~ means 
for safely geuing oil out of the ground, nor cleaning 
up messes with anything bUI bales of straw thrown 
upon the goo; and considering that there is nOI a 
single use of oil - from cars to power plants to plaslic 
products- which does not produce pollution, do we 
really want to use the stuff faster still ? 

. Most oil-use statistics are based upon population 

SHIPS FILLED WITH OIL 

77'" _ 

ttOO" 
250.000 

--

\210" ~ 

--_ ... --

$ C __ .~_I ._~ __ """ . u nu __ • __ 

~ chtrt Ilvn you the ttl.tive sizes of PftW-nlly In' use lankc:11 
lUch u !he Orclon Standard (wh ICh recently cruhed In San 
FflnclSCO aaJ) and the Torrey Canyon wh ich crashed oft 
Endand in 1967, PIUK note thllthe OrtlOn Standard is only 
ant flhetnlh the silt (1ft n rryin; capacity) of the ~iPli which 
would brinl oil down the COUI from V.Jda. Aluil. to San 
fr.ncl~o,.nd I ""llttl! 1M siLt of. &hip beinl propo!oed by IlK 
Enlh'" M~I of the .tIiPl .ill Clrry oil carJO(1 of. fir ,ftalef 
volumt ,han the. Bank of America BUlld,n. coukS hold. And in 
~:~,~~o~Jd!r~:;;:~hilf tb~~ ~~.tl'~ ~~:j~f;'h=k~~= 
lonnen from Alaska itn trouble .head .blle JOInt rull sp«d. 
It will uh him .. Iullllto." to .Iop lhc thin, ! 

the size of those that caused the San Francisco dis-
aster; much larger, for example, and with a greater 
volume capacity than the Bank of America building. 
(See chart,) 

Rest assured, if oil is pumped out at Prudhoe Bay, 
and then shipped down the west coast we will, even-
tually, have an oil spill leading to the greatest kill of 
living things in history. 

II. MORE CARS, MORE ROADS, 
MORE PLANES. MORE SSTs, 
MORE PLASTIC BAGGIES, 

MORE POWER PLANTS, 
MORE SMOG, MORE NOISE, 

MORE "NATIONAL SECURITY." 
Having listed some dire results of building the pipe-
line, the Department of the Interior, in what must be 
the greate t flight of the mind since Jules Verne, then 
concluded that work on the line should proceed 
"promptly." 

Its reasons for supporting it had nothing to do 
with the environment - which is what the report was 
Juppostd to be about. It all came down to this : The 
pipeline is terrible environmentally but we've got to 
have it anyway, for "security" and "growth." So goes 
the story . 

But we would like to pose a question_ If national 
security requires a sure supply of oil in case of 
emergency, does it seem to you that the cltvtr thing 
is to rush and use up Ihe oil at Prudhoe Bay for more 
cars and plastic baggies? That's as canny as burning 
all your wood before winter. 

The first step should be to ease Irade barriers 
against foreign oil imports. As for Prudhoe Bay oil , 
we should do what the Navy Department ha.s done 
elsewhere : leave it, safely underground, until we 
really need it , if ever.lt won't go away. Which brings 
us to the next point : 

increases. with each new person behaving exactly as 
everyone before him did, except more-so, wanting 
nothing so fervently as more possessions. 

Yet there is a hope that our population will not 
increase over the next years. Furthermore, new gen-
erations may find the quest for more material goodies 
a less satisfactory way to ~pend their lives than relat-
ing to more permanent systems of value. Society 
could actually rtduct its uses of oil <ven below the 
present rate, and with a healthier environment to be 
gained in the bargain. Here are a few ideas: 

1) Cars account for 40% of oil-use. If every 
American did not use his car just one day each week, 
i.e., took a ca rpool . bus, train, or bike, or walktd , 
that would save enough oil in six years to equal the 
entire Prudhoe Bay discovery. It would also cut down 
on your weekly gas budget, reduce smog, heart 
attack and a lot of aggravation. 
. 2) Airplanes. Stewardesses like to say, "741s 

use enough fuel cross-country to send a V-8 engine 
round the e3rth 26 times." Vet many of the fl ights of 
141s are flown two-thirds empty. Fewer flights is one 
idea; passenger pools another. The stewardesses 
could talk about views. 

Then there's the SST. It would use 2Y.t times the 
fuel per passenger-mile as the 701. SOO SSTs require 
enough txtra fuel to use up the Prudhoe Bay find in 
eight years. Speed of this kind kills, too. 

3) Americans throw away more than 100 billion 
containers each year. Vet they are all made with 
energy (oil) . Same goes for the throwaway cars we've 
been used to. If some things were recycled better, and 
other things were rtquirtd to be made so they'd lasl 
a few years, thaI would cut the need for oil. 

The principle is cleat, Since doubling oil con-
sumpt ion will double po1iution, the prudent plan 
would be to try to do better with less. We won't 
"need" Prudhoe Bay oil for our doubled consumption 
"needs," if we just don't double consumption, and 
keep some oil in the bank instead. 

One more thing. 
The oil companies have taken to running ads 

describing how oil provides jobs for "natives." They 
sholl' pictures of a happy Eskimo holding a lube of 
oil. 

Disreganding that oil development will do irrep-
arable harm to the unique cuhure of a people who 
were on American land long before the rest of us, 
there are some statements that need amplification. 

First of all, the companies promised jobs to 
natives only because they had to, as a condition for 
running the pipe over their lands. Secondly, whalever 
jobs the natives get will be temporary; oil town eco-
nomics are boom and bust. 

Thirdly, the natives art nol going to gtttht jobJ! 
Not most of them, anyway. People are being ftown in 
from elsewhere and the situation has deteriorated to 
such an extent that five native villages have already 
sued the companies fpr violation of land-use agree-
ments. 

III. WHAT YOU CAN 00. 
Today, our aew Secretary of the Interior, Mr. Mar' 
ton, is holding hearings on whether to issue a permit 
for the pipeline. 

ConSidering that the oil industry usually gelS 
what it asks for, there is reason to assume that the 
permit will be issued, unless there is a public outcry. 
This. despite the fact that the premises for the Interior 
Report were highly questionable, and despite the fact 
that alternatives to the pipeline were barely consid-
ered. 

Therefore, we have suggested at the right that 

OIL FROM THE ARCTIC 
M 1M hoi 011 procttds throu,h Itlt PIpe: . It .,.,111 cross j major nvtrS and 150 IIrcams 

incllKlm, the Yukon Rinf. IIIhK.h drains ))0.000 s.qu.~ miles of Alaskl and Canada 011 in 
thew ,!rums win kill l'f,C numbers of fish .nd wildlife , a ma;or spill (Quld pollute Vist pam 
of centrll 1.11111:1 .nd Its COIS'" Wilen, • vllal fishery for lhe .. or ld 

The ,ravel for constrUCllon - CMUlh 10 C'o'"cr San Franc1Jco 19 u~hCt deep - "'III COlnt 
from fOfmcrl )l pmtine Slreams- ~Icnnllht p."nlna artls of Ch lf. ,flt llna and nout The photo It 1M ulreme: ~fl .11I11\'e you In Idn 0' the Brooks Ranle w,lderMSS ... hd, the hoc 011 pipeline will pus lhrouah. The mlP tin tM nut bOll) sho""'. lhe respc,uve roulu of the 

piptliM. Ind the oillankcn, The ne701 plclur~ In lint i. a bird c:oycrcd wllh 011. ,Ira. and muck 
• fter lhe: Sin Francisco spill . (II ditd lOOn .fter , ) And 111M c,I'en~ rilhl , some Uri. the mllft 
rcalOn why 'Wt "need" that 011. 

A number of hiahli.hts of 1M likely dlmaat from oil Spilli. and Ihe pipcltne Ilscl(, Ire 
lilled .. , Section 1 above . Here arc. few more , Nur 1M POilU of drtlhn,. Itn, of Iho\Band!; of 
duel . . .. aM. 1ftIt, lulls and Icrnl Mil .nd (<<d All of Ihem v.ould be 'UlCcphbtc 10 dtclma4 
110ft from cOI".1 011 apilis. Simllirly endlftltred _ould be I.rae numbers of polar bean. ".r· wh.~,. bo.-htad ",halts • • nd .ul •. 100 milts o( _der hnes. plu!; camps. road., drill 'las. etc . 
coukl .Ito dc.trO)' 1M If Mitton" ml,ralton roult'. of lhe caribou herd And 1M pipeline Itltlf 
will inttff«e 'lrith the h.bil. of ."uhel-. .. oint, .ol\ltflnts. fons., owls Ind (.lcon., Ind 
cnda.r 1ho1t IPf(ta 

Printed as a Community Service. 

The .upc:rtankcu (KC chart above:) whk: h m.na,e 10 Itt In and out or'lnhqu'''C-Pfl mC. 
stormy Valdez Will hive to nlvi,lte IIWII~y. (o&~bot1nd Prince W illiam nd, dev.n 1M COISI 
of CanIda and (hrou,h I rock-bound »ral l 10 Pu,ct und or att further down the ('()list to 
Sift FranCISCO aftd Los An,tlu ' 

Any 011 Spilled Ilona the '*IY could. bteaux of cum:"' . pollul' mosl of 1M w~" COIJl 
of Canida Ind 1M Unllcd Slalt:!; , .. (01.1 dl lance of Marly 3,000 miles. 0.1 5pllltd In PUICI 

und UMlf - _'he" n.lUral nu.t\lnllthOn IS 10w - 'IIfould MIY' then: for )ur. 
E~entually IN oilifU Ihrouah to mar~tl where It findi Itl .... y to tour MI,t\borhood IU 

.. "ton PfOvldlnl you 1M opponunlty 10 ha<wt more ,net mort of ""hal 1M IUlomoblle has 
• lreMy pr~Kkd 

you send several telegrams (or lellers) to people in 
key positions to begin turning the issue around. 

Secondly, you can begin to organize where you 
live or work on some of the reduced-oil-use ideas 
mentioned in section 11 . If you want to know how , 
well help you. Use the coupon. 

Finally, join Friends of the Earth and pltast ynd 
us somt monty SO we can continue to encourag( the 
idea that governments should regulate the oil indus-
try, not vice versa. 

Among Ou r immediate goals is the development 
of an international energy policy. We also plan an 
expanded Washington lobby against oil industry 
excesses (with law suits wherever feas ible) and we 
are organizing Oil Task Forces among our members 
around the notion thaI cilizen aClions can hall further 
accommodation of cars, freeways, smog, slurbs, noise 
and junk, that are making this an intolerable planel 
to live on. 

Please join us, to help impress the powers Ihal be 
Ihal there are priorities that come before oil : life in 
its various forms; a world for our children pleasanler 
than our own, not worse; a chance for possibililies 
greater Ihan material wealth to ftourish. 

For more details, please consult the coupon. 
Thank you. 

David Brower. 
President, Friends of the Earth 

TELEGRAMS 
fotlo.,ng art four ItI.grams to publlf otficlais who mlghl 
play Q crillca! rolt in dtltrmirung whr'hu or nQl 'ne 
Alaska Piptlll .• is bUllr. Th. (irS! Iwo(ro Stnatar lacloon 
and R.p. So> lor), qualIfy for tht WtJltrn Union "public 
strvic,"ra,. of SI .OI .ach. Tht lott., twa do nor qualify. 
but if you send thtm Q,J a "night/ttltr" Ihty only cost 
JI .80 tach . (Ust your own words. if you prtftr, of 
courst .) 1/ you find ttlegroms 100 txptnll'll,. may we 
suggtsl you send tnem as Ittltrs or pDslcartU. 

ThiJ "publ,C urvict" mtssa,. casU SJ.OI . 
Send·to: 
I) The Han_ Henry Jackson 2) The Hon. John Saylor 

Senate Office Bldg. and House Office Bldg. 
Washington, D.C. Washinglon. D.C 

URGE STRONG LEADERSHtP STOPPtNG ALASKA PIPE· 
LINE. CONGRESS SHOULD DECIDE QUESIION ONLY AfTER 
ALTERNATtVES FULLY STUDIED. 

NICHTLETTERS : 
SI .80 lor tht following miSsagts. 

Send to : 
J) The Han. Rogers C. B. Molton 

Secretary of the Interior 
Wlshinglen, D.C. 

DEAR SECRETARY MORTON : 
AS FIRST ACT IN OFFICE URGENTLY REQUEST YOU 

REJECT ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT STATEMENT FOR THE 
TRANS ALASKA PIPELINE AS INADEQUATE AND SHDODY_ 
STATEMENT OOES NOT FULLY ANa SERIOUSLY CONSIDER 
ALTERNATIVES (AS REQUtRED BY THE NATIONAL ENvIRON· 
MENTAL POLICY ACT) NOR DOES IT TAKE INTO ACCOUNT 
MASSIVE OIL POLLUTI ON PROBLEMS RESULTtNG FROM 
TANKER OPERATtONS OUT OF VALDEZ tNTERIOR SHOULD 
NOT FOR PRESUMED SHORT TERIoI NATIONAL GROWTH 
SACRIFICE THE SAFETY AND PROTECTION OF THE NATION-
AL ENvIRONMENT. SUGGEST YOU NOT SADDLE YOUR 
ADMINISTRATION WITH INFERIOR AND HASTY WORK BUT 
TAKE THtS OPPORTUNITY TO EXERCtSE YOUR RESPONSI · 
BtllTY TO PROTECr THE ENvtRONMENT. 

Send to: 
~) The Hon. John A. Volpe 

Sec",tary 01 Transporlation 
400 7th St. S.W. 
Washington, D.C. 

DEAR SECRETARY VOLPE : 
URGE YOU GET YOUR DEPARTMENT TO tNVESTlGATE 

RAILROAO TRANSPORTATION AS A SERIOUS ALTERNATIVE 
FOR REMOVING OIL FROM ~SKA'S NORTH SLOPE. UNDER · 
STAND ONLY ONE ROUTE WAS CONStOERED IN INTERIOR 
DEPARTMENT'S ENVtRONMENTALIMPACT STATEIoIENT. AND 
THAT ECONOIolIC PROJECTIONS WERE MADE ON THE BAStS 
OF SHIPPING OIL FROM OKLAHOMA TO CHICAGO. NOT 
PRUDHOE BAY TO A SEAlES OF ALTERNATIVE DESTlNA· 
TlONS FOUR FLIMSY PARAGRAPIIS tN A 260 PAGE REPORT 
tS NOT ADEQUATE TO DISCUSS RAILROAD TRANSPORTA-
TION - WHtCH COULD PROvtDE A SAFE_ STEADY. AND 
SLOWER RATE OF REMOVAL. 

-----------------

I • 
Mr. Da\lld Brower 

I Friend, 01 Ihe Earth • I 45t Pae itic Av.nue. San Francisco. CA9413l ,or • 
I lQE .. t42ndSlrett .N.wYork, NY 10017 I 
I Dear Mr. Brower : I 
I 0 PinK enroll me a.s a mtmbcr of FOE. I am cndos- I 

.n, 5 lor membership. (5 IS relut", 55 
I spouSt. 525 suppo,"n,. 550 <Qn<rib.lln,. SHO sus- I 
I tlln,"& , S I ,000 hfe.) I undenland I Will rt'Cclw your I 

monthly newspapu Not Mil" Aport. as well IS ~ubslln -
I tiat discounts on all Fllends 01 the Earth boo with I 
I my m<mlltnhip. I 

o Plea .. send me a copy of .he paperback Slomp,d, 
• lor 0,1, as 500n u it 1$ pubh.)htd Ihis ipnn,. 'enclose I 
I S 1.00 for costs and mailin,. t understand Ihll 'f t loin • 
I now I will rtctlVC this book . or another papr:rback. fret. I 
I 0 PlUK reserve me a copy of thor: uhlbit size book . I 
I Earth dfld 'h I" Grtd' W,.,hrr, Th~ B,ool" Ranft I 

(,bout 1M wikkrncu tM pipeline will destroy), due to 
I be pubhshed .hl! 'pnn, by Fllends of the Eorth I 
I (527.50 for non . .".,mbe". $12 00 lot' m<mllt,,) I 
I 0 I ,",outd 10k< to work 00 an A«lie 0.1 Task Fore<. I 

10 help reverse the trend lOWald mOft can, rreewaY' 
I and oil -Use where I !tve. Plusc. lend me rurther I 
I I"(ormation. I 

o Encloo<d IS $___ _ t" help pay for thIS .d . 
I l undentand you 1ft nol lJ nch I $t\lcn 0,1 companlc I 

I ~.me • I • 
I Address__ • 
I • I C"Y --- tatt Ip ___ • 

-----------------

March 12, 1971 Triton Times Page 5 



( SST: "'Airplane' of Tomorrow") 

BREAKS WINDOWS, CRACKS WALLS, 
STAMPEDES CATTLE, AND 

WILL HASTEN THE END OF 
THE AMERICAN WILDERNESS 

FRIENDS OF THE EARTH is a conser· vation organization and we have been 
reading, with mixed feehngs, all the recent 

reports about threats to our environment and the 
"massive efforts to win the War on Pollution ." 

It's a good thing, clearly, to recognize that 
we've only a few years to meet such problems. 
However we have the sinking feeling that what 
we've witnessed so far is only appartnt activity; 
cosmtlic solution! which are creating an impres-
sion in the public mind that things are somehow 
being taken ca re or. 

But things are not being taken care of. 
For example, this : 
I ) In the same message that he spoke so elo-

quently about environmental pollution, President 
Nixon announced that he was budgeting $275 
million for thiS year's work toward a commercial 
supersonic transport (SST) . 

2) Mr. Nixon said that he made that decision 
in order to (a) create jobs, (b) help the balance of 
payments, and (c) add to our national prestige. 
He did not say anything about the virtues of the 
plane itselr. It IS easy to understand why. 

3) The SST has been a SUbject of controversy 
mainly because it produces a "sonic boom." If 
you've ever heard one (from the much quieter 
military supersonic fighters that occasionally fly 
by) you'll remember it as a shattering experience. 
Something in the magnitude of a factory explo-
Sion down the block , It is that sudden and sca ry. 

4 ) Sleeping through a sonic boom IS out of the 

RELATIVE NOISE LEVELS 

Room If' a qUlfl city dwclhnl It mldn'lht 
AV~1I1t (II, rutdtn« 
Small 2-enlU'lt pnvalf pllne 

',re", ,., 
JtC/IHI'tlrI 

l~ 
<0 

Cllck"nc nol!oot (Ii 1.500 (ttll 1().11 
Hen)' "lICk H h I II.' Y 90 
Tnln .",hJ511c:. 500 ftct '~I)' 90 
Subway (rlln. 20 ftcl ..... , 9j 
DC. J (sukhM: nolSC 1.100 ftct) " . 100 
Loud OOlbC)lfd motor IO~ 
Loud moeOfC}clc lin 
Soc,ft, 707, DC-I (s,dellne no,$( tt I,SOO fttll 110-11.1 
Rod. 'n' ~oll bind pllYln. 

It OlHkst rnomtnll 

~~I :J~:a~l~ 0vr~00 rHI ) 
I!O 
lZo1i 
12~ · 129 

questi"n, Booms can break windows, crack walls, 
and sn nlpede cattle and have done so through· 
out tt e country, 1/ they're used for everyday 
commercial travel. stay off of operating table 
at boom·tame. 

5) The boom affects an area 50 miles wide for 
the entire length of a "Ight . If the SST flew the 
u ual air roule 10 thiS country. the boom lones 
would co'er practically e.erythang (See map.l 
In some places-Cape Cod for example-the 

average day might be punctuated by twenty 
bangs loud enough to make you duck for cover, 
Even wilderness areas-the one place where 
man 's technological feats give way to nature's 
quiet-will offer no escape. 

6) Boeing Aircraft-which is receiving a 90% 
subsidy to build the thing-likes to call it the 
"airplane of tomorrow." As for the boom, they 
call that "a 20th Century sound," 

People in Oklahoma City, however, don't call 
it that , In 1964 they put up with five months of 
military supersonic testing and reacted this way: 
15,000 complaints to authorities. 4,000 damage 
sui ts and the declaration by a quarter of the pop. 
ulation that they could never live with it . 

7) Mr, Nixon, apparently sensi tive to thl 
point, said we shouldn 't worry, that the SST 
would fly at boom speeds only over the oceans, 
or othtr ~parsely populated areas, 

But the FAA has nol said that, though if it did, 
it wouldn't mean much, Its membership Changes. 
remember, and so by the way-does the President. 
Ten years hence, if SSTs prove unprofitable 
without high speed land routes which do you 
think the airlines will do: scrap them? Or lobby 
to change the ruling? You know the answer. 

8) But whal aboul the oceans? 
o one knows the effect of sonic booms Upon 

sea life. If the enormous vibrations should dis· 
perse the fish concentrations off Newfoundland 
(over which most tranS·Atlantic SSTs would fl y), 
it could disturb the fish indust ries there, That's 
40% of the U, S, fish catch and 12% of the 
world's , 

We do know what happens to animals living 
under the boom. They pan ic, A boom killed 
2,000 mink in Mannesota during 1966; a boom 
drove a herd of cattle off a cliff in Switzerland 
in 1968; and si mulated booms have significantly 
changed the birth patterns of test rats at the 
University of Oklahoma, 

9) As for the sparsely populated areas, IhoSt 
are what we now call wilderness ; places still free 
of the crunch of technology. 

Or they're farmlands, or reservations, or else 
national park lands where a visit would no longer 
be the same. Not with a boom every little while, 
and the trees rattling, and animals going crazy 
from the shock, 

So much for sonic booms , They are a terrible 
~IU>l"'ct , but they're only part of the tory, 

10) /kfore makang his decision . Mr. Nixon 
established a committee of many of the top 
figures in his own administration to advise him 
concerning whether he should cancel the whole 
SST project. 

They IlI ld yes, he should, 
,The feeling of their report is typified by the 

remark of Mr. Hendnk S, Houthakker of the 
Pre Ident's Council of Economic Advisors who, 
on the question of prestige, put it this way ; 
"." "'e do not believe that our prest ige abroad 
Will be enhanced by a con<entr,itlon on white 
elephants." (See ~Iso Footnote.) 

Printed as a Community Service. 

Page6 Triton Times March 12, 1971 

ThiS map s,ho",. tht lit I'VllttS 
acrou .ht ConIIMM.1 Unlltd Statu 
If ssn u.u:d Ihuc routu. boom 
ZOMS so milts WIde: would tlftC'ltvtl ), 
CO~tr mm( of 1M country (See al~ 
Item 1 1n luI.) Some "'Y II IS po!S.ble 
to lurn to It'te .... tth tht boom Okla· 
homa City Clllzcn~ Yiho had al.Sle of 
lhl$ k.lnd of ~1I\,ln." In 19~ rose In 
ouln,e a,'lIn$1 II. And man)' doctors 
have Indlc.t td Ihat. psycholol.eal 
efltcll utdt: ... t: . Iready ha .. e muck 
more ftOlK '" OUf dally lives Ikan IS 

h~.lIh, ror our he.,,, Ind Mf\OtJS 
$)'sttm\ Dr Samuel ROKn of ItIt Mt 
!I:;~ ~~I s:~ M::I'::~w~:~lr '~I: 
hkt II or nOt , consuicts blood vtntls. 
E,,(nlually. Ihls could c:auw: ptrm41' 
nenl dama.t ·· And Dr Chauncey 
Luke of Itwc UnlY or Cali f Mt<I 
CUle r hu $ltd " NOIS( II a strus.. an 
In) ul t II atTtcts tht i'It,,,ool, tado-
Cf lft( and rtprodUCll'l'e S)'~ltm) II 
may damap unborn Chlldftn ~ 

II ) There is evidence that the SST Will pollute 
the upper almo<phere in such a way as may result 
in terrible alterations of global weather. 

12) It will be far more dangerous than present 
aircraft because of severe problems of metal 
fatigue. landing speed, viSlbihty and maneu ver. 
ability: 

13 ) It will have a relatively short range (4,000 
miles), And de pite the fact that it will be smalle" 
than the 747. it will be mOrt expe",ive to build. 
and will use Ihru limn the fuel, 

As a result, it will be much more expen,ive to 
fly in , It will be an elitist's flight. 

That's yo ur "airplane of tomorro,,"! " 

Notwi thstandang all the talk, It appears that 
basic attitudes remain unaltered , 

The SST is being built because people continue 
to beheve that there's an advantage to being able 
to get from , y , to Paris two hours sooner than 
at present ; that if technology can do a thing, then 
it ought to be done 

But this attitude - the tendency to place tech-
nology ahead of co nsiderations of Our liVing 
environment- has gotten us into this mess. More 
luxury technology may have seemed a good 
idea at one time in history. when we were an 
underdeveloped coulltry, But now we are an over-
developed country. 

The little bit of wilderness that still eXISt are 
bel.ng threatened daily by our mort , ftilltr. biggtr 
attttudes, Indu>try needing more space, or trees. 
or ore; ever more people buying more of what 
industry make and then suking a place to escape 
from it. 

Talking about "pollution" is not sufficient. If 
indumy, "newly awake to its respon ibllities," 
as the media like to ay, dots come up with a 
non·polluting au to engine. Will it then be okay 
to cover·up the rest of Amerka With highways 
and car ?( Mr. Nlxon 's budgetalsocontdan S5 \1l 
bill ion for highway construction , The result Will 
be more damage than all of his dntl·polluta n 
program, could po'Mbly correct. I 

And even If there " ele no boom. the more 
noise "'e ha ve an cltaes and o.er "meraca\ Pdlk 
land, the mort It will confirm the OI@htmJmh 

feelang : We Q/'t /otktd III " lmalll'oom , Wid IIa~ 
walls and (fili /lg a~f dosmR ill on ", . 

Friend~ of the Ea rth i, interested In promoti~g 
the propo,i tion that we had better come up with 
alternatives to endles, technological expan,ion. 
considering that we live on a planet of fixed size, 

We have established a number of task force\ 
to investigate the implicationl of an economy in 
which growth of exploitive indu"ncs i\ curtailed . 
a SOCie ty whICh doc n't measure "progress" a an 
outgrowlh of GNP, We wish to build for a system 
which you might ca ll microdynamic, while 
macrostatic, 

Meanwhile, we are al so opposing speci fi'c gov -
ernment and indumy projects that 'cern to u, 
to typify the sort of thinking that wi ll lead uur 
specie. into an unnecessa nly short and misera ble 
life, The SST is one ew highway construction 
is another. ucJear po"'er. Water dive rsion, The 
Alaska Pipeline, Pesticides, Airport expanMOn\, 
The killing of wildlife for furs. Etc" Etc, 

Coupon =6 above will permit you to learn 
more about what "e are up to, The others con. 
tain messages to speCific indiVidual, "ho can be 
effective in stopping the SST, But plea,e do not 
stop there. The congressional vote on the SST will 
be coming up wilhill IIa, ",xl Itt<> wetks. Write, 
telephone and wire youe own congressmen, the 
Department of the Interior, the Department of 
Transportation, the FAA. and urge others to do 
likewise, 

Thank you, 
DaVid Brower, P,t,idtlll 
Gary Soucie, ExtCUli" t Di,Ulor 
Friend of the Earth 

451 Pacific Ave .. San Francisco, CA 94133, 0' 
30 East 42nd St. , ew York, NY 10017 

BOOK LIST FOR SPRING 1971 
This book list includes information. received by the University Bookstore thru 
March 1, 1971. CAUTION: It is likely that there will be changes to this list. For 
current information and changes see book list ADDENDUM 10 the Bookstore. 

PLEASE READ THE TEXT 800K RETURN POLICY 

~------------------------~ TEXTBOOK RETURN POLICY 
Don't mark your books until you are sure you will keep them. Green shelf labels in the i 

Textbooks may b. returned for a full refund provided the following conditions text dept . indicate RE- : 
YELLOW DEPT. signs in- ~r.'~:t~registerrl(.iPtmustbepresented. QUIRED books and PINK ,: 

I dicate TEXT dept. 2. Books must be returned within 2 weeks of the date of purchase or before labels indicate RECOM-WHITE DEPT.' in- lhe end of the second week .f dasses in the quarter for which they mended (non required) signs were punhased. 
• dicate GENERAL- dept. 3. Books must be in the eIact condition as when purchased, books. ! 
I·· .... ········ ....... · .. ······ .. · .... ····· ........ ···· ...... ···· .... · .. · .. ·· ...... ·········································· .. ······1: AMES (AEROSPACE & MECHANICAL ENGINEERING Recommended CHEMISTRY I Htnton : Fanshen I SCIENCES) Liu : Chinese Society Under Communism : A 2F Mahan : University Chemistry lOlA Kuethe : Foundations of Aerodynamics Reader 2FL Waser : Quantitative Chemistry • 
.:: ~:~ ~~~:;:~:~~:~~y:ra;~~I~near Control Systems 143 ~i::~:~~~;::~ L~:~I~ t~o:::ni t China lOOC ~:u~:~ : ~~~:~:~y Chemistry II 

Recommended Lindquist : Education ; Readings in the Proce s 107 Flory , Principles of Polymer Chemistry 
of Cultural Transmission 

160 Makower : Operational Research King : The School at Mopass: A Problem of H3C Pasto : Organic Structure Determination 

, 

173 Katchalsky: Nonequilibrium Thermodynamics Identity 147/ 247 Goto ; Problems in Advanced Organic 
in Biophysics Gay ; A ew Mathematics & an Old Culture : A Chemistry 

1808 Kolsky ; Stress Waves in Solids Study of Learning Among the Kpelle of Liberia Recommended I 
Hueter : Sonics Recommended Gould: Mechanics & lructure in Organic 

: Recommended Foster : The Fortunate Few ; A Study of Chemistry I 
t Beyer : Physical Ultrasonics Secondary Schools & Students in the Ivory Coast March : Adl'anced Organic Chemistry 
; 199/296 Bird : Transport Phenomena 157 Plog : Changing Perspectives in Mental JIlness I 
I Herzfeld ; Fundamental Physics of Gases Green : I Never Promised You a Rose Garden Recommended 213 Dickerson : The Structure & Action of Proteins 210C Liepmann : Elements of Gasdynamics Foucault ; Madness and Civilization • I 2558 Lee : Foundations of Optimal Control Theory 210 Bowen : Return to Laughter I Recommended of COMM 'I CATIONS Bryson: Applied Optimal Control 218 Flavell : Developmental Psychology J ean I 
•• P~~ 

I 
271C Slonim : Respiratory Physiology Gay : New Mathematics & an Old Culture 181 Schiller : Mass Communication & American 

Recommended Tyler : Cognitive Anthropology 
Selkurt : Physiology CULTURAL TRADITIONS IC 

Vander : Human Physiology Galanter : Plans & the Structure of Behavior li:mpire .:1 

APIS (APPLIED PHYSICS & INFORMATION SCIENCES) 
ANTHROPOLOGY EAST ASIAN 

17 Wallerstein : Africa : The Pol i tics of 161C HopGood : Compiling Techniques Fairbank : niled State and China 
: 

. 
Independence Legge : Four Books : 

: Achebe : Things Fall Apart 181 Odum : Environment, Power, and Society Waley : Opium War Through Chinese Eyes • 

i Achebe : No Longer at Ease Novick : The Careless Atom Teng : China 's Response to the West; A : Achebe : A Man of the People Scientific American Reprints (See file cabinet Documentary Survey 
: Oyono : Boy I Oort : The Energy Cycle of the Earth NO.1l89 Peck : Two Kind of Time 

Kane ; Ambiguous Adventure at end of History): Snow : Red Star Over China ·1 
.

= Uchendu : The Igbo of Southeastern Nigeria Singer : Human Energy Production As a Hinton: Fanshen 
20 Williams : Borneo Childhood : Enculturation in Process in the Biosphere No ,1l97 Diamond: K'un Shen : A Taiwan Village I Seaborg : Fast Breeder Reactors NO.339 MEDITERRANEAN Dunsun Society Brooks ; The Assessment of Technology Von Furer : The Konyak Nagas No ,332 Wyl ie ; Village in the Va ucluse Hart : The Tiwi of North Australia Clark : Thermal Pollution & Aquatic Life Barzini : The Italians Chagnon: Yanomano : The Fierce People No.l135 Pitt : The People of the Sierra 

• Middleton: Magic, Witchcraft, and Curing Recommended HEBRAIC i Parsons : Societies : Evolutionary & Compara- Curtis : Perils of the Peacefu1 Atom Margolis: A History of the Jewish People 
I tive Perspectives Bryerton : uclear Dilemma Glatzer ; The Judaic TraditIOn Lienhardl : Social Anthropology Buber : The Tales of Rabbi Nachman 
I Bobbs-Merrill Reprints (See me cabinet at end Recommended Zboronski : Life is with People of History Section ): 226 Tatarski : Wave Propagation in Turbulent Rosenzweig : On J ewl h Learning Wallace : Revitalization Movements 0.A-230 Media Hertzberg : Zioni t ldea 
I Steward :. The Economic & Social Basis 01 Chernov : Wave Propagation in Random Media Singer: The Brothers Askenazi Primitive Bands o,A-217 Born : Principles of Optics Roth : Call It leep I Spiro ; Is the Family Universal ? No .A-276 and Their piro : Ch ild ren of the Kibbutz Sahlins : The Segmentary Lineage No ,A·196 264 Cocke: Programming Languages Grayzel : A History of the Contemporary Jews Nadel : Witchcraft in Four African Societies Compiler ; Preliminary ote SIDger : In My Father' Court No,A-171 BIOLOGY AFRICA Murphy : The lructure of Parallel COUSin ee Anthropology 17 
• Marriage No .A-I68 2E Moore: Heredity and Dev~lopment LATIN AMERICAN 
: Geertz : Form a nd Variation in Balinese ovikoff ; Cells and Organelles McWilltams' 'orth from Mexico 
• Village Structure o,A-77 Watson : Molecul ar Bl\)log) of the Gene Ruiz , The MeXican American War I Carneiro : Slash-and-Burn Agriculture : A 38 Pauling : General Ch tmstry Pttt: The Decltn ot th Caltfornto Closer Look at its Implication No ,A-26 Waser : Quantitative hemistry Galarza ' Merchant of Labor 
i Benedict ; Configuration of Culture in North 101 Romano; EI E peJo : , Lehninger: Bioch mi trv Amenca o.A-14 Sanchez, Forgot! n People : 
• Miner : Body Ritual Among the acirema 102 Clark : Experimental Biocheml try :>:abokov : Tilenna & th Court Hous Raid I 

0,A-IS5 1038L Helmkam p: Selected Expernnent in Organic ,' I n: llu Iga 
• ""ote ; These reprint will not be With book on Chemistry 

helf lIOC Deroberti : Cell Biolog) EARTH CIENCE 
106/ 206 Spencer : The Nativ Tribes of Central Austra li a lllC Dobzhan ky; G n ltcs of the Evolutionary 120 Ernst : Earth Matertals 

Bateson : Naven Process Bloss . In troductIOn to Method' of pH al Cry--
Manner : Theory in Anthropology : A Sourcebook Kormondy: Conc pts of Ecology talography 
Peatlie : The View from the Barrio Connell ; R ading in Ecolog) & Ecological Moorhou : - tudy of ~ock In Thin Sectton 
Weber : The Cttv G netics 

I Adams : The Evolution of rban Society ' Early 143 Katz : erve. Musc le. and ynapse Mesopotamia & Pre-Hispanic Mexico Dchs: Elements o[ Neulophv lology Liebow ' Tally 's Corner , A tudy of N gro Street Corner Men ' 157 Aaronson : Experimental Mt~robiology Ecology Stavter : The Mt roblOlogv World 138 Diamond ; K'un hen : A Taiwan Village . ' Myrdal : Report trom a hinese Village 165 Kabat. Struc~ural oncepts to Immunology & 
116/ 216 

ECO OMIC 
IC 

1008 

13 

Budd : Inequal ity and Poverly 
Goldman , ontrollin Pollu tion 
Heineman ; Po f'I'tY Anll/j Ipnly 
W i ' : Economtc and m rtcan Indu try 
Dewey: Modern Capttal Theory 
EconomIc Report ofth Pr Id n1. 1971 L North : Chinese omll1untsm Immunoch mt try Yang: Chinese ommUnt ( oci ty Recommend~d Yang, Chine e ial tructure JAbramO[f;TBhIOIOgy of th 11t'lb1ml une Response (Continued on page 8) hina in Maps aneway : e amma 0 u tOS . ................................................................................................................................ . 

March 12, 1971 Triton Times Page 7 



i 

I 
• • • i 
I 
• 

I 

Eceaomln {Om ued from pale 7) 

zos Scherer: - Industrial Market Structure & 
E ~onomic Performance 

tZGC Johnston : Econometric Methods 
Recommellded 
Dowling: Readings in Econometric Theory 

FRONTIERS OF SCIENCE 

lOt See AMES 160 
108 Williams: Biochemical Individuality 

Pauling : Vitamin C and the Common Cold 
McKusick : Human Genetics 

HISTORY 
JOe Dorsett: The Challenge of the City 

Hofstad ter : The Age of Reform 
Movnihan : Beyond the Melting Pot 
Wiebe : The Search for Order 
Rozwene : Roosevelt Wilson & the Trusts 
Kennedy: Progressivism: Critical Issues 

102B Fisher: Historians' Fallacies : Toward a Logic 
of H istoricail nq u i ry 

115 

150B 

165 

167B 

1 SOC 

191 

Pamphlet Package 
Recommended 
Bondurant: Conquest of Violence 
Finn : Prote~t : Pacifism & Politics 
Gregg : Power of ;>;onviolence 
Lynd : onviolence in America 
Muste : Essays of A, J . Muste 
Roberts: C(vilian Re i lance as a ;'o/ational 
Defense 
Rodberg : Pentagon Watchers. Student Report 
on Nat'l Security 
harp : Explori ng ;'\onviolent Alternatives 

Hamerow: Re toration, Revolution and 
Reaction 
Manuel: The Prophets of Pari 
Llchtheim Marxism, an Historical Critical 
Study 
Hegel : The Philosophy of Right 
Marx : Ba ic Writingson Politics& Philo phy 
Blum , The European World Since 181 5 
Adair : Peter Oliver 's Origin ' Progre of the 
American Rebell ion 
Bilhas: The Amencan Revolution 
Arendt : On Revolution 
Becker : The Declaration of Independence 
Chambers, Pohtical Parties in a New ;'o/ation 
Jen n: Tracts of the American Revolu tion 
1763-1766 
Goodman, The American Constitution 
McDonald : The Formation of the American 
Republic 
Morgan : Birth of the Republic 1763-1769 
Grob : American Ideas, Vol. 2: Dilemma of 
Maturity tl865- 1962! 
DuBois: Dusk of Dawn 
Hofstadter: Anti Intellectualism in American 
Life 
James : Essays in Pragmatism 
Niebuhr: The Irony of American History 
Recommended 
Marcuse : One Dimensional Man 

Leuchtenburg : Perils of Prosperity: 1914-1932 
Romasco : Poverty of Abundance 
Sternsher : Hitting Home 
Leuchtenburg : Franklin D. Roosevelt and the 

ew Deal 
Hawley : New Deal and Problems of Monopoly 
Goldman : Crucial Decade and After : America 
Lafeber : America , Russia and Cold War 
Lekachman : The Age of Keynes 
Fung : A Short History of Chinese Philosophy 
Chan : A Source Book in Chinese Philosophy 
Munro: The Concept of Man in Early China 
Watson: Haun-Tzu - Basic Writings 
Thernstrom : Poverty and Progres 
Handlin : The Uproo ted 
Warner : Streetcar uburbs 
Gordon : Assimilation in American Life 
Ri schin: The Promised City: New York 's Jews 
DuBoi : The Philadelphia egro 
O:;ofsky: Harlem , the Making of a Ghetto 

20lK P Uer : The South and the Sectional Cri sis 
l n~er : Essays on the Civil War and Recon-
s ruction 
he sly: Americans Interpret Their Civil War 
F ~hrenba('her , Manifest DestiO\' and the 
C )ming of the Civil War . 
L'Oflald . The Na tion in Crisis 1861-1877 

201 !oore : Social Origins of Dictatorship & 
[ emocracy 

4 

Thompson: Th Making of the English Working 
Clas 
Matefakis: Agrarian Reform and Peasant 
Revolution in Spa in 

H MA ITIES 
Mulryne 

Montaigne, E sa~'sand Selected Writing 
Machiavelli : The Prince and Selected 

Page 8 Triton Times March 12, 1971 

Osborne: Luther 
Shakespeare : King Lear 
Marlowe : Doctor Faustus 
Bolt: A Man for all Seasons 

Ariotti 
8occaccio : The Decameron 
Prescott: The Conquest of Mexico & the 
Conquest of Peru 
Koestler : The Sleepwalkers 
Montaigne: Selected Essays 
Milligan : Three Renaissaoce Classics 
Shakespeare : Henry IV, Part II 
Luther: Martin Luther : Selections from His 
Writings 
Burckhardt : , The Civilization of the 
Renaissance in Italy 
Recommended 
Martindale : Man and the Renaissance 

Norton 
More: Utopia 
Leon-Portilla : The Broken Spears 
Shakespeare: Richard II 
Shakespeare : Henry IV Parts I and II 
Bolt : A Man for All Seasons 
Montaigne : Autobiography of Michel De 
Montaigne 
Erasmus-Luther: Discourse on Free Will 
Marlowe : Doctor Faustus 
The Portable Renaissance Reader, ed , by Ross 
& McLaughlin 
New : Renaissance and Reformation 

6 Randel 
Blake: Selected Poems 
Wordsworth : Selected Poetry & Prose 
Bronte: Wuthering Heights 
Hegel: Reason in History 
Marx : Marxi st Social Thought 
Mill : E ential Works 
i"ietzsche : Birth of Tragedy and the Genealogy 
of Morals 
Arnold: PDetry & Critici sm of Matthew Arnold 

Jameson 
Franklin : Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin 
Balzac: Eugenie Grandet-Cure of Tours 
Marx & Engels: Basic Writings on PolitiC & 
Philosophy 
Mill : E sential Works 
Eliot : Middlemarch 
Nietzsche: Birth of Tragedy & Gen alogy of 
Morals 
Ibsen : Four Major Play 
MacAndrew : Great Russian hort 'ovels 

Makkreel 
Burke: Reflec tions on the Revolution in France 
Hegel : Reason in History 
Marx : Early Writing 
Hauser : The ocial History of Art, Vol. 4 
Balzac: Pere Goriot 
Dostoyevsky: i"otes from Underground 
Nietz che : Thus Spake Zarathustra 
Mill : On Liberty 

- Barnouw 
Hobsbawn : The Age of Revolution t789-1848 
Carlyle : Sartor Resartus and Selected Prose 
Mill : On Liberty 
Marx : Early Writings 

Do~toyevsky : Notes from Underground & the 
Grand Inquisitor 
Dickens : Hard Times 
Carroll : Alice's Adventures in Wonderland 
Twain : Puddinhead Wilson 
Melville : Billy Budd & Other Tales 

ietzsche : Thus Spake Zarathustra 
Buchner : Danton ' Death 
Recommended 
Buchner : Woyzeck and Leonce & Lena 

LANGUAGE 
FRENCH1C 
(MUIR ) 

Camus: L'Etranger 
Camus : The Stranger 
Recommended 
Mansion : Harrap's Shorter French & English 
Dictionary 
Brodin : France et Les Francais 
Benamou : Mise en Train 

FRENCHIC 
(REVELLE ) 

Camus: L'Etranger 
Camus: The tranger 
Brodin : France et Leg Francais 
Brichant: French Grammar : Key to Reading 
Recommended 
Man ion : Harrap ' s Shorter French & English 
Dictionary 

FRE CH 1D/2C 
(MUIR & REVELLE) 

Politzer : Reading French Fluently 
Fotos : Dix Contes 
Recommended 
Mansion : Harrap ' shorter French & Engli sh 
Dictionary 

FRENCH 11 
Sandberg : French for Reading : A Programm d 
Approach 

FRENCH 12 
Fowli : French Stories+ Con tes Francais ~ Dual I 
LanRUal!e l 

GERMAN IC 
Kaplowltt : German Grammar 
Kritsch : Mod rne Erzahlungen 

ReeommeadM 
Betteridge: New Cassell's German Dictionary 

GERMAN lD/ZC 
Hesse : Siddhartha (ed . by Durham ) 
Hesse : Siddhartha (trans, by Rosner ) 
Allison : German Review Grammar 
Recommended 
Betteridge: New Cassell's German Dictionary 

GERMAN II 
Schmidt: Hor Gut Zu ! 
Kritsch : Moderne Erzahlunl(en 
Recommended 
Betteridge: New Cassell's German Dictionary 

GERMAN 12 
Lehmann: Spectrum 

RUSS IC 
Gogol : Shinel 
Gogol : The Overcoat & Other Tales of Good and 
Evil 
Thompson: Ballad of a Soldier 
World Book: Russia , Its Language, Literature, , 
Duff : Russian for Beginners 
Chekhov : The Grasshopper 
Recommended 
Lapidus: Learner's Russian-E ngli sh Dictionary 
Folomkina : Learner ' s English-Russian 
Dictionary 

RUSS lD/ 2C 
Harper: New Voices: Contemporary Soviet 
Short Stories 
Pulkina : hort Russian Reference Grammar 

SPA lC 
Lorca : La Casa de Bernarda Alba 
Lorca : Three Tragedies : Blood Wedding, 
Verma, Bernarda Alba 
Galdo : La Sombra 
Marin : Civilizacion Espaniola 

assi ' Workbook in Spanish 3 Years (AM 0 ) 
SPAN lD/2C 

Richardson : Modern panish nseens 
Lorca : Bodas de Sangre 
Lorca : Three Tragedies: Blood Wedding, 
Verma, Bernarda Alba 
Unamuno ' Do ovelas Corta 
Eoff: Review of Spanish 
Recommended 
William : pani h & English Dictionary 

SPAN 19 
Thompson : peaking and understanding : 
Spani h 

LI GUISTICS 
100 Langacker: Language and it Structure 

Pyles : English- An Introduction to Language 
202C Chomsky: The Sound Pattern of English 

Postal : Aspects of Phonological Theory 
211 
23IB 
234 

24l 
264 

279 

298 

o Books Required 
No Book s Required 

Recommended 
Forte : Snobol 3 Primer 
Weissman : Lisp 1.5 Primer 

No Books Required 

No Books Req"ired 

Recommended 
Freeman : Linguistics & Literary Style 
No Books Required 

LITERATURE 
COMP /LiT 271 

Wilden 
Freud : The Origins of Psychoanalysis 
Wilden : The Language of the Self 
Ehrmann : Structurali sm 
Frings : Animal Communication 
Bateson : Communication, the Social Matrix of 
Psychiatry 
Milne : The Senses of Animals & Men 
Mannoni : The Child, His " Illness" , and the 
Others -
LaPlanche : Vocabulaire de la Psychanalyse 
Millett : Sexual Politics 
Fre'ud : Genera l Psychological Theory 
Freud: Dora 
Freud : Three Case Histories 
Freud : Interpretat ion of Drems 
Freud : Character and Culture 
Freud : Psychopathology of Everyday Life 
Freud : Beyond the Pleasure Principle 
Freud : Jokes & Their Relation to the 
Unconscious 
Freud : Sexuality & the Psychology of Law 
Freud: Therapy and Technique 
Freud : Sexual Enlighte nment of Children 
Freud : History of the Psychoanalytic 
Movement 
Freud : Early Psychoanalytic Writings 
Salmagundi : Issue No, IO-lI (1970 ) 
Sebeok : Coding in the Evolution of Signalling 
Behavior 
Whyte : Essay on Atomism : From Democritus 
to 1960 
Hockelt: The Origin of peech 
RecOmmended 
Brown: Life Against Death 
Marcuse : Ero & Civilization 

{Continued on pale') 

Comp Ut Z71 {Conllnued from page 8) 

Dostoyevsky : Three Short Novels 
Svevo: Convessions of Zeno 
Lukacs : La Theorie Du Roman 
Girard : Decent Desire & the Novel 
Macksey : The Structuralist Controversy 
Rieff : Freud : The Mind of the Moralist 
Mannoni : Freud 
Sebeok : Myth 
Mauriac : Proust Par Lui-Meme 
Mannoni : Le Psychialre, Son " Fou" et La 
Psychana I yse 
Sterne : Tristam Shandy 
Ortigues : Oedipe Africain 
Hegel : La Phenomenologie de L'Esprit 
Hyman : The Tangled Bank 
Sebeok : Animal Communication 
Kojeve: Introduction to the Reading of Hegel 
Buckley: Sociology & Modern Systems Theory 
Buckley: Modern Systems Theory for the 
Beha vioral Scientist 
Levi-Strauss : Structural Anthropology 
Levi-Strauss : The Savage Mind 
Laing: The Divided Self 
Laing : The Self and Olhers 
Sartre: Anti -Semite and Jew 
Boulding: The Image 
Watzlawich : Pragmatic s of Human 
Communications 
Bateson: Nal'en 
De Saussure : Course in General Linguistics 
Buchler : Philosophical Writing of Pierce 
Lacan : Ecrits 
Mills: Power, Politics, & People 
Kubler : The Shape of Time 
Darwin : The Expression of Emotion in Men & 
Animals 
Von Frisch: Bees 
Morris: Signification & Significance 

COM P / LIT 271 
Marin 

Les ciences Ilumaines t L'Oeuvre d'Art 
Barthes: Le Degre Zero de L'Ecriture : 
Elements de Semiologie 
Communication No, 15, 'umero Special ur 
L'lmage 
Communications No. 4 Sur Les Recherches 
emiologiques 

Recommended 
Langages No . 12 Lingui tique et Litterature 
December 1968 
Panof ky: tudies in Iconology 
Semiotica No. 131969 
Klee : Theorie de L'Art Moderne 
Poussin : Lettres e~ Propos Sur L 'Art 
Greimas : Du Sens 

ENG/LIT IC 
Widmer 

Freud: Civilization and its Discontents 
Hemingway : A Farewell to Arms 
Fitzj(erald : Great Gat by 
West: Miss Lonely Hearts-Day of the Locust 
Lawrence : SI. Mawr-The Man Who Died 
Gin berg: Howl & Other Poem 
Kesey : One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest 
Wright : Eight Men 

ENG/LlT23 
Behar 

Norton : Anthology of English Literature, Vol. II 
Howe: Literary Moderni m 
Joyce : Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man 
Lawrence : Women in Love 

ENG/ LIT 122 
Berman 

Witherspoon : Seventeenth Century Prose & 
Poetry 

ENG/LIT 124 
Randel 

Arnold : Poetry and Criticism 
Browning: Poems 
Tennyson : Poems of Tennyson 

ENG/ LIT 151 
Berman 

Shakespeare: Complete Works I Kittredge ed, I 
Berman: Reader's Guide to Shakespeare's 
Plavs 

ENG /LIT (li2 
Guillen 

Cervantes : Don Quixote (Cohen tr, ) 
Nelson : Cervante 

ENG/ LIT 152 
Dolin 

Watson : Double Helix 
Levi-S trauss: Triste Tropique 
Homer : Od)' seYICook tr, l 
hakespeare : Hamlet 

ENG/LlTm 
Szanto 

Galbraith : ew Industria l tate 
McLuhan : Gutenberg Galaxy 
Ellul : Propaganda 
Kafka : Parables and Paradoxes 
Laing : The Divided Self 
Goodman : People or Personnel and Like a 
Conquered Province 
Kolakowski : Towards a Marxist Humanism 
Erikson : In illhl & Responsibilitv 
Mill : The Power Elite 
Recommended 
Freud : Interpretation of Dream 

March 12, 1971 Triton Times Page 9 

ENG/ LIT 190 
Stanlo 

Brook : The Empty Space 
Clurman : Seven Plays of the Modern Theatre 
Green: Greek Tragedies, Vol. I 
Durenmatt : Marriage of Mister Missippi 
Shake peare : Macbeth (Ardened.) 
Dukore : Avant Garde Drama 
Buchner : Complete Plays 
Racine: Five Plays 
,Weiss: Marat/Sade 
Brecht: Jewish Wife and Other Plays 
Shaw : Plays 
Chekhov: Four Plays 
Sheridan : Six Plays 
Goldmann : The Season 

ENG/ LIT 190 
Rothenberg 

Rothenberg : Technicians of the Sacred 
ENG/LIT 190 

Dijkstra 
Williams: Autobiography 
Williams: Paterson 
Williams: Pictures from Breughel 
William : Selected Poems 
Williams: Spring and All 
Williams : Kora in Hell 
tevens : Selected Poems 

Pound : Selected Poems 
Crane: Complete Poems, Selected Letters & 
Prose 
Allen : The New Amerian Poetry 
Fry: Cubism 

E 'G/ L1T 190 
We sling 

Word worth : Selected Poetry 
Fros : Complete Poems 1949 

ENG/ LIT224 
Dunseath 

Milton : Complete Poetry and Slected Prose 
~ Hughes ed , I 

ENG/LIT 231 
Elliott 

'wlft : Gulliver's Travel & Other Writing 
I Landa ed, ) 
Plumb : England in the Eighteenth Centur~' 

ENG/ LlT 236 
Wesling 

Brower : Forms of Lyric 
Pope : Poems of Alexander Pope : 
Edition 
Crabbe: Tale and lec ted Poems 
Thom on : Complete Poetical Works 
Clare : Se lected Poem and Prose 
Davie : Late Augustians 
Cowper : Complete Poetica l Works 
Wordsworth : Lyrical Ballads 1798 

E G/ LlT241 
Barnouw 

Blake: Complete Poetry and Prose 
Recommended 
Bloom : Blakes Apocalypse 
Frye : Fearful Symmetry 

E G/LlT 252 

Pound : Personae 
Pound : Cantos 

Fussell 

Pound : AB 01 Readini! 

ne Volume 

Eliot :The \\asttdaIlUdl 'u (). !,,: I '" t' , ,-
Eliot : Four Quartets 
Williams: Paterson 
Crane : Complete Poelll, \\: ~1- leCl('d Lell,'!' .!. 
Prose • 
Stevens: Po m 

E G/ LIT 271 
Pearce 

Wolf : Anthropology 
Hughes: History as Art and Science 
Thope : Relations of Literary tudy 
Vico: On the Study Methods of Our Time 
Cassirer: The Logic of the Humanities 

FR/ LIT 11 
Mauriac : Genitrix 
Mauriac: Le agouin 
Breton : Manifestes Du Surreali me 
Gide : L Immoraliste 
Gide : Thesee 
De Montherlant : La Reine Morte 
Aime : Le Passe Muraille 
Queneau : Zazie Dans Le Metro 

FR/LiT 130 
Gide : Les Faux Monnayeurs 
Green : Le Visionnaire 
Montaigne : E sai Vol. I 
Rousseau : Les Confessions Vol. I 
Fournier : Le Grand Meaulnes 
Balzac: Eugenie Grandet 
Sand : La Mare Au Diable-Francoi Le hampl 
Cocteau:Les Enfants Terrible 

FR/ L1T 190 
Flaubert: Education Sentimentale 
Flaub rt : alammbo 
Flaubert: Trois Conte 
Flaubert: Madame Bovary 
Flaubert: Bouva rd et Pecuchet 
Flaubert: La Tentation De aint Antoine 
Recommended , 
Flaubert : Preface a La Vie D'Ecrivajn 

GER/ LIT 10 
paeth ling : A Reader in German Literature 
parks: German in ReView 

Freud : Abris Der P ychoanaly 

GER/LlTll 
Hesse : Siddhartha 
Kafka : Das Urteil 

"Mann : Tod in Venedig 
Brecht: Der Kaukasische Kreldekreis 
Weiss: Marat Sade 

GER/ LIT 102 
Brecht:Kaukasische Kreidekreis 

Mutter Courage 
Der Gute Mensch Von Sezuan 
Galileo 

Goethe : Gotz 
leSSing : Nathan 

Minna V. Barnhelm 
Kritik Und Dramaturgie 

Schiller : Rauber 
Lenz: Hofmeister 
Hebbel : Maria Magdalena 
Hauptmann : Die Weber 

GER/ LIT 140 
Jude : Deutsche Grammatik 

Christiansen : Eine Prosaschule 
Mueller : Wie Sagt Man Noch 
Geffert : Unser Wortschatz 
Reiners : Kleine Stilfibel 

GER/ LIT 152 
Brecht: Manual of Piety 

Baal And A Man 's A Man 
The Three Penny Opera 
'The Jewish Wife & Other Short Plays 
Mother Courage 
Galileo 
The Good Woman of etzuan 
The Cauca ian Chalk Circle 

fTAL/LIT 11 
Leopardi : Operette Morali 
Manzoni : I Prome Sl pO 'i 
D'Annunzio : Le NOI'elle Della Pescara 
Verga : Novelle Comple te 
Montale. Farfalla Di Di na rd 
Pavese : 11 Mestiere Di \' ivere 

RU ILIT 10 
Moore: Selected Rus ian Extracts 
Henle\' : Ru sian Prose Reader 
Duff : "Russian lor Beginner ' 

R S LIT 11 
Gibian : Modern RU SSian Short , LOrie 

RU LIT 103 
Obolensky: The Penguin Book 01 RUlan Verse 

R S/LIT 151 
Markov: Modern Rus ian Poetry 
Kaun , oviet Poets & Poe try 

R ILIT 199 
Zenkovsky , Medieval Ru s la 's Epic 
Chronicles & Tale 

P/LiT 10 
Guyer : Practical Spani h Review Grammar 
Crow : EI Cuento 
Lorca: La Casa De Bernarda Alba 

P/ LiT 11 Antonio Blanco 
Turnbull : Ten Centuries of pani h Poetry 
Delibes: El Camino 
Rulfo' Pedro Paramo 
Larreta : La Gloria De Don Ramiro 
Valera : Pepita Jimenez 
Alarcon : EI Sombrero De Tres Picas 

SP/L1T 11 
Carlo Blanco 

Rivers : Anthology of Renaissance & Baroque 
Poetry of pain 
De Vega : Fuen teovejuna 
Galdos' Dona Perfecta 
Rulfo : EI Illano En Llamas 
Garcia-Marquez : Los Funerales De Mama 
Grande 
Valle-Inclan: Luces De Bohemia 

SP/LiT 124 
Caballero: La Gaviota 
D Alarcon : El Nino De La Bola 
De Pereda : Sotileza 
Gados: Gerona 

La M,au 
A ngel Guerra 

Valera : Juanita La Larga 
Bazan: La irena 'egra 
Jbanez : Entre I aranjo 

Cana Y Barro 
P/ LIT 192 

Blanco: Juventud Del 98 
P/LIT 258 • 

MATH 

Holmberg ; Cuentos Fanta ticos 
Quiroga : Cuentos 
Lugone : Las Fuerzas Extrana 
Borgcs: Ficciones 
Cortazar : FlOal De Juego 
Hernandez : Primera Invencione 
Arreola : Confabulario Total 

asares : La Invencio De M(lrel 
E te Lado 0 La ombra 
La Trama Celeste 

Imbert: EI Grimorio 
La andia Y Otros uento 

Kieffer : Fabulario 
Vax : Arte Y Literatura r'antasticas 

lOA Guenth r: Concept o[ tall lIcalinferenc 
100<; Curti : Linear Algebra : n Introductory 

pproach 

{Continued on pale 10, 

., 



I 

I 
I 

I 
I 
• • I 

MatI! (Co laued from page I ) 

1108 CHurchill : Operational Mathematics 
(Required f!!r Sections I & 20nl y( 

Recommended : 
Weinberger : Fi rst Course in Part ial 
Differential Equations 
Churchill : Operational Mathematics 

(for Sections 3 & 4) 
11% Davis: Introduction to Vector Analysis 
120 Churchill : Complex Variables 
lSI Stoker : Differential Geometry 
262 Recommended 

Hall : Combinatorial Theory 
Bec he nbach: Applied Combinatorial 
Mathematics 
Liu: Introduction to Applied Combinatorial 
Mathematics 
Ryser: Combinatorial Mathematic 

270 Varga : Matrix Iterative Analysis 

MEDICAL CHOOL 
BASIC NEUROLOGY 

Recommended 
Ganong : Medical Physiology 
Manter : Clinical Neurology 
Truex : Human Neuroanatomy 
Noback: Human Nervous System 
Matzke : ~ynop i of Neuroanatomy 
Ranson : The Anatomy of the . ervous System 
Meyers : Review of Medical Pharmacology 
Goth: Medical Pharmacology 
Sidman : Neuro Anatomy: A Programming Text 
Vol. I 

22S PEDIATRICS 
Abramoff: Biology of the Immune Re ponse 
Recommended 
Samter : Immunological Diseases 

PEJ>IATRICS 
el on : Textbook of Pediatrics 

or 
Cooke : Biological Basis of Pediatric Practice 

202B PSYCHIATRY 
Madsen : Mexican American of S. Texa 
Burna : Mexican Americans in the U.S. 

ATURAL SCIENCE 
IE See Physics 1 E 
2B See Physics 2B 
2E See Biology 2E 

2F & 2FL See Chemistry 2F & 2FL 

22 

103 

106 

112 

120 

131 

182 

251 

252 

PHILOSOPHY 
Strawson : Introduction to Logical Theory 
Jeffrey : Formal Logic, Its Scope & Limits 
Recommended 
Moulds: Thinking traighter 
Hegel : Lectures on Philosophy of History 
Hegel : Philosophy of Right 
Marx : Writings of the Young Marx on 
Philosophy & Society 
Marx & Engels : Basic Writings on Philosophy & 
Society 
Mill : Utilitariansim. Liberty. & Representative 
Government 
Wippel : Medieval Philosophy 
Ryan : The Confessions of St. Augu tine 
Hopkins: Anselm of Canterbury : Truth , 
Freedom, and Evil 
Maurer : On being and Essence by St. Thomas 
Aquinas 
Recommended 
Hyman: Philosophy in the Middle Ages 
Gardener : L9th Century Philosophy 
Hegel: Selections 
Mill : J . S. Mill ' Philosophy of Scientific 
Method 
Popper : Conjectures and Refutation 
Duhem : The Aims and tru ture of Phy ical 
Theory 
Quinton : Political Philosophy 
Melden: Human Rights 
Hobbes: 0 Cive I The Citizen I 
Locke: The econd Trea II e of Government 
Roussea u: Social Contract & Discourse on 
Origin of In quahty 
Mill : System of Logic 

I Ru s II : Inquiry into ilIeaning and Truth 
Russell ' Introduction to Mathema ti ca l 
Philosophy 
Carnap . Meaning and \ecessity: A tudy in 
emantic & Modal LogiC 

QIIII1P ' From Lo leal POlDt of View : Logico 
Philosophical ES ay 
Au tin : How to Do Things \\ Ith Words 
Austin Philo ophira l Papers 
The Collected Early Dialogues of Plato 
Heid gger : Bemg nd Time 
Recommended 
Richard on ' Heldeggar: Through 
Phenomenology to Thought 
lIeldegger: Kan t and the Probl m of 
Metaphy ic 
Heidegger: Exi tence and Being 

ornlord ' Plato' Theur~ of Knowledg 

• 

Reeommelllled 
Von Wright: Ludvig Wittgenstein : A Memoir 

PHYSICS 
IC Cleveland : Physics: Foundatioos and Frontiers 
IE Semat : College Physics: A P rog rammed Aid 

Vol 4 
Huggins: Physics I 

28 Resnick: Physics Part II 
1018 Brophy: Basic Electronics for Scientists 

Rca : Receiving Tube Manual 
Ge : Transistor Manual 

ISO Sommerfeld: Mechanics of Deformable Bodie 
la2 Kittel: Introduction to Solid State Physics 
211 Ki ttel: Introduction to Solid Sta te Physics 

Kittel: Quantum Theory of Solids 
Ziman : Principals of the Theory of Solids 
Recommended : 
Harrison : Solid State Theory 

215 Kallen : Elementary Particle Physics 
Recommended: 
Frazer: Elementary Particles 

218 Boyd : Plasma Dynamics 
224 Recommended 

Bjorken : Relativistic Quantum Field Theory 
231 Goldberger: Collision Theory 

236 

Newton : caltering Theory of Waves and 
Particles 
Recommended 
Geltman : Topics In Atomic Colli ions 
Wu: Quantum Theory of Scattering 
Molt : The Theory of Atomic Collisions 
Brout : Lectures on the Many Electron 
Problems 
Einstein : Investiga tions in the Theory of 
Brownian Movement 
Recommended: 
Pines: Theory of Quantum Liquids, Vol. l. 

POLITICAL SCIENCE 
11 

102 

Ewald: Environment for Man : The ext Fifty 
Years 
Rei ssman: Urban Process : Cities in Industrial 
Societies 
Schnore: Social Science & The City 
Novak : The Future is Ours Comrade 
Myrdal : Report From A Chinese Village 
Meyer : Communi m 
Rubenstein : Communist Political Svstems 
New Program of the Communi t Party of the 
U.S. 

PSYCHOLOGY 
14 Zimbardo : Influencing Attitudes & Changing 

Behavior 
Hastorf: Person Perception 
Skinner: Science and Human Behavior 

101 & 103 Schaeffer: Behavioral Therapy 
Skinner : Walden Two 

102 

143 

203 
220 

225 

Holland : The Analysis of Behavior 
Reynolds: A Primer of Operant Conditioning 
Skinner : cientific American Reprint No. 423: 
How to Teach Animals 

(See File Cabinet at end of History Section) 
Ayllon : The Token Economv 
McGinnies: Social Behavior : A functional 
Analysis 
Arnold : Feelings and Emotions 
Recommended 
Brown : New Directions in Psychology I 
Deutsch : Physiological Psychology 
Corn weet: Visual Perception 
Littler : The Physics of the Ear 
Sahakian : Readings in the Psychology of 
Learning 

SCIE 'CE 
2B ELECTRICITY 

o Book 
2E CIE CE LA BORATORY 

No Book 
3B GE ERAL CHEMI TRY 

See Chern . 3B 
1038 ORGANIC CHEMISTRY 

No Book 
103BL ORGANIC CHEMISTRY 

See Chern . L03BL 
DEP ARTME T OF SCI/TECH 

IC e Phy ics Ie 
OCIAL CIE CE 
25 Mendelson : upreme Courl : Law & Discretion 

We tin : Anatomy of a Con titutional Law Case 
Lewis : Gideon'S Trumpet 
Antioch Review The Role & nul of Law In 
Contemporary America 
Plato : Apology 
Recommended 
Mayer: The Lawyers 
Franklin : Th Biography of a Legal Dispute 
Roche : The J ud iciary 
Bickel : The Least Dang rou Branch 
Rostow : Th overeign Prerogative 
Cardozo: The ature of the Judicial Process 
Prank : Courts on Trial 
Frank : Law and the Mod rn Mind Witlgenste~n : Bl~e and Brown Books. . Arnold : Symbol of Government 

Wlttgenst 10 : Phllosophlcallnve tlgatlons Bailey: Congress Makes A Law 2.63 

.. ~~~~ .................................................................... .... 
Page 10 Tri ton Times March 12, 1971 

American Bar Foundation : Criminal Justice in 
the Un ited Sta tes 
Sykes: Crime and Socie ty 
Levine: The Tales of Hoffman 
Veye: Law and Resistance 
BllJmberg: Law and Order: The scales of 
Justice 
NCC PV Staff Report: Law and Order 
Reconsidered 
Kafka: The Trial 
J ocob: La w, Politics & the Federal Court~ 

SOCIOLOGY 
12 

102 

107 

116 

lSI 

215 

Fustel: The Ancient City 
Parsons : Societies: Com parative & 
Evolutionary Perspectives 
Parsons : societ ies : Comparative 
Evolutionary Perspectives 
Weber : The Protestant Ethic & Spirit of 
Capitali sm 
de Tooqueville: The Old Regime & The French 
Revolution 
Polanyi : The Great Transformation 
Cipolla: The Economic History of World: 
Population : 
Horowitz : Three Worlds of Development ! 
Mailer: Armiesof the Night • 
Orwell : ineteen-Eighty Four I 
Freud : On reativity & The Unconscious I 
Berger : The Socia l c.onstru ction of Reality .!. 
Feuer : Marx & Engels: Basic Writing 
Bendix : Max Weber: An Intellectual Portrait 
Recommended I Hughes: Consciousness & Society 
Chomsky: Language and Mind 
Cicourel : The EducaKonal Decision Makers 
Silberman : Crisi in the Clas room 

Machiavelli : The Prince 
Durkheim : Suicide 

Ethic & Spirit of I 
The Conflict in Modern 

Weber: The Protestant 
Capitalism 
Etzkorn : Simmel : 
Cu lture 
Park : The City 
Parsons : Societies: Evolutionary 
Comparative Perspectives 
Goffman : Encounters 
Lyman : A Sociology of the Absurd 
Recommended 
Douglas : Social Meaning of Suicide 
Bendix : Na tion Bui lding & Citizenship 
Lipset: The First ew Na tion 
Janowitz : The Professional Soldier 
Almond: The Civic Culture 
Domhoff : Who Rules America? 
Huntington: Political Order in 
Societies 
Graham: The History of Violence in America 
Coser : The Functions of Socia I Conflict 
Recommended 
Lipset · Party Systems & Voter Alignments 
Bordua : The police 

THIRD WORLD STUDIES 

IB Hobsbawm : Industry and Empire 
Ruiz : The Mexican War 
Williams : Capitali sm and Slavery 
Oyono: Boy! 

VISUAL ARTS 
15<: Wingert: Primitive Art, Its Traditions & Styles 

Recommended 
Drucker : Indians of t he Northwest Coast 
Fagg : The Artof Western Africa 
Soustelle: Daily Life of the Aztecs on the Eve of 
the Span ish Conquest 
Coe : The Maya 

113 Wingert : Primitive Art, Its Traditions & Styles 
Oliver :'The Pacific Islands 
~ ...................................... . 
; ANNOUNCEMENTS- UCSD SA ILING FACILITY 
• OPEN VURI G WEEK 
• Men - (Students , Faculty & Beginning Mnday, March 29, 

Staff) fight the battle of the The UCSD SaIling Facility 
bulge. . . shape up. . .every located on anta Clara Point 
Tuesday and Thursday - 12·1 (Mission Bay) will be open for 
p.m. Conditioning Exercises - recrealional sailing during the 
Jogging - Followed by your week , Mondays th rough Fridays 
choice- Volleyball , Swim , Sauna . 2.u p.m. The facility will continue 
First meeting pool patio , to operate from 10 a.m.-4 p.m. 
Tuesday, March 30, 21-1 p.m. Sign on Saturdays and Sundays. 
up : Barbara Durbin - Ext. 2283. For boat reservations - Call • 

Females . Flight Flabbine s, Ext. 2284. I 
Feel Physically Fit! Ladies BEG INN I G AlLI NG 
I Students, Faculty & Sta If) Noon CLA ES 
Uour Conditioning Program . 
Mondays & Wednesdays 12-1 p.m. 
. .Begins Monday , March 29. 
Meet on the Poo Patio (Gym). A 
graduated conditioning program. 

.complete with exercises, 
jogging and your choice of 
swimming, sauna - SIgn up 
Barbara Durbin - Ext. 2282. 

Many fishing trip are being 
planned for spring term ... If you 
arc interested in going to Lake 
Henshaw, taking a d ep sea 
fishing triP, or just a trip to 
Miramar Lak , bring your fishing 
gear back to school with you! 

The Recrea tion Department 
will now be offering beginning 
Sailing Classes three days a 
week: The classes will be h ld at 
th UCSD Sailing Facility located 
on Santa Clara Point (Mission 
Ba ) on Fridays. Saturdays, 
Sundays- 3 to 6 p.rn First classes 
beginning April 2, 3 and 4. No 
hargc ... op n to all Na utical 

As mlion Memb r only. Sign 
up in th PhYSIcal Education 
Department or call Barbara 
Durbin Ext 2283 . .c1asses 
limIted to t5 students per class. 

U(SO Fencers Th i rd 
I n Western States 

The Triton swordsmen cut their way to the third place 
trophy a t t~e 12th An nual Western Intercollegia te Fencing 
ChampIOnships held at San Jose State College. Thirty-five 
schools from the eleven Western states were represented, with 
the Air ~orce Ac~demy nosi~g out UCLA 31 to 30, followed by 
UCSD With 20 pomts. The thi rd place finish placed the Triton 
squad as the second best fe ncing team in California. 

The Tri tons, in their second year of fencing, fin ished the 
season with a 10·0 record ; finished second in the All Cal 
Tournament ; produced the All Ca l women 's foil champ in 
Susan Hillery; qu alified a freshman , Diane Naffke, in the 
Pacific Coast Championships to be held in Seattle; and 
qualified Mike Jones, Darryl DeVinney, John Helmich, 
Howard Eno, Jim Canole, Richard Sax,-and Calvin Cognololti 
for the CAA Championships to be he ld at Air Force Academy 
late in the month . "The NCAA qualifiers, however, will not 
participate th is yea r because of the nat ional competition would 
be too severe on fencers with onl y one or two years of 
experience. Next year we'll be better prepared ," states 
fencing coach Jim White. 

LONE RAN G[R - Fina l Ch~pter (30) 
AN AFTERNOON WITH ABBIE HOFFMAN (5) 
The only di fference belween Abbie and the 

Ranger is Ihal Abbie is real and the 
.R. Isn't. 

END OF THE WAR IN VIETNAM (14) 

ST AND UP' AND BE COUNTED (3) 
"Notable 8nd notor ious nude couples from 
San Franci sco and surround ing spiri t 10 the 
tune of the ROili ng Stones ded icaled 10 John 

and Yoko ." 

& 
HOG CREEK (28) 

• THE BOX (4) 
• MOHAWK ROCK 
• PURPLE HEART 
• 

Fun: ARTS t----... 1818 GARNET STREET 274·4000 

THE WORLD's 'Oll[MOS 

HyprlOfisf 
HAS SOMETHING 
ESP[CIALLY NICE 
FOil YOU ON 
THURSDAY NIGHTS 

RESERVATIONS 
REQUESTED .. , 
..... 223 ,8122 

.... -~AP ... AI DINNER ........ 7:00 
---MME NU~- SHOW TI"'[ ... 9 :00 

PRIME 1111 DlNNEII __ *U5 __ r''REE---
c..tI, .... " Cut n 

Ju", .. Sft,I""oi".tf_hu POST-SHOW SESSION 
',i • • Cfti .... 0i •• ,,_ .145 STOP SIIOIUNG·MEIIO", · 
(I I WEIIIHT IIEOUCTIOM' 0<1 . ......... o._ rt CONC[NTIIATION . IEV-
,.-.... ~c. ,,~--.. ' CON'IDfNCE · -~ EDUCATIONAL 

SUGGESTIONS 

... 

Credit for PE? Getting it Together 
Sea World' for UCSD Should credit be given for PE 

courses? This is what Dr. Ted 
Forbes and a number of 
petition ing students are 
pre sing for . 

ForbeS'centralargumentfor 
credit was made clear in an 
interview with the TRITO 
TIMES. "Physical education 
is an integral part of the total 
educa tion of every student," he 
said. " The notion that there is a 
hierarchy of values that places 
academic subjects at the top of 
the list and motor activities at 
the bottom is not founded on 
fact. " He explained the role 
that motor development plays 
in other areas of development 
and in shaping the personality, 
and concluded that physical 
education should therefore be 
academically recognized as 
importanl. Only UCSD and UC 
Santa Cruz don 't give credit for 
PE courses. 

An inducement to give credit 
for PE courses. i the 
possibility that tate funds 
could be more easily tapped. 
"Since currently there is no 

visible instructional output, 
only input (facilities and eight 
staff member ). it i quite 
possible that UCSD's chances 
for diverting state funds will be 
jeopardized," Forbes said. He 
added that due to what he 
called a fantastic turnout, 
UC D's facilities are currently 
overloaded. 

According to the Forbes Plan, 
one·half unit would be given for 
a two·hour ~ctivity section. and 
one unit for il three or four hour 
lecture·activity section . All 
course would be pass-fail.This 
plan has been brought before 
the Committee on Educational 
Policy twice in the past and has 
been turned down both times. 
" I don't really know why some 
people are against it," Forbes 
said , " unless they think, it 
threatens to erode academic 
standards by expanding. This 
isn 't what I want at all , though 
I don 't think other people would 
be convinced that I believe 
this." A petition for PE credit 
can be found in the Physical 
Education Department office 
in the gym. 

The story 01 two male hookers 
and their muslc:alscores. 

Mary Avery, Alan Batchelder and John Stewart are 
GETTING IT TOGETHER for the SEA WORLD UCSD 
NIGHT . De pite the recent controversy and their differences 
of opinion, they can all agree on the great deal that the 
Recreation Department is offering to the UCSD community by 
renting Sea World for their entertainment. 

DATE *. NIGHT f:9 
FRIDAY,". 12 

EnlOY all the ,.de.. (or IUlt 
your '010'0"'.1 ) 01 mon-; I.mes 
01 yOu wont! Try the breath. 
lolling new Sky 0. .... , & SWISS 
Bob, too Five hour. of tunl 

7 P.M. 'TIL MIDNIGHT 
It lutilfll 

3000 MISSION ILVD. 
. 11·0531 

Pt:IICE OF FAME 
7l1rc1nArMcKay ~:m 

On Saturday , April 3, the Recreation Department is renting 
Sea World from 8 p.m. to midnight. All student. faculty . staff 
and even controversial staff are eligible to attend at a cost of 
only $2.50 per person , a real aving ffllm the regular 
admi sion of $3.50. plu a few litlle extras at no additional cost. 

FREE TRA SPORTATION will be provided from UCSD 
down and back- plus HUNDRED of SURPRISES in the 
TREAS 'RE HUNT- plus FREE PARKING for private cars 
at Sea World- pIUS FREE RJDES on the PSA SKY TOWER 
and SKY RIDE. All exhibits will be open from 8 to midnight 
and all show will be arranged so that everyone can ee them. 

Tickets are now on ale in the Physical Education Office and 
at noon daily on the east side of the Muir Common . For 
further information call Bert. ext. 2282 or 2283 

••• ONACLEARDATYOUCANSEE, 
THE OUT-OF-TOWNERS for aweek! 

JACK LEMMOI IlIOY _ 
lIB _1TOIl'f 

Barbra 
Streisaod 

5 udents $1.50 (exc. Sat. Eve.) 
HAY FEVER 

Noel (oward's unpredictable comedy of a fun· laving family enjoy-
ing life in the free.spiri ted 1920's. 
., to (T" .. . Wtd .. Tk"" .. ~f'I . b • •. ) $2.00 (SUf'I. Mot, No,V'. 151 
13.00 (Fri. & Sot. h • •. ) $1.S0 S ~\,I. thN c.u. & Ift li,'.d Mil. n c. Sat. h • • 

•• IMe,." t=: centre stag e .. IN" 

IfIIJf. 
"4,'6~ 

~SMNPI~ 
7fm,-o 

Admission $3 .S0 

,..... 
239·2255 
''*-

BO DIDDLEY 
AND HIS BAND 

PLUS 
ICE HOUSE 

BLUES BAND 
FRI.-SAT,-SUN . 

Show I 8:30/ 10:30 

THE OUHIf-TOWIEa 

24 Hour Service 295-1 711 

PRECISE INCOME TAX 

Ours is .he best! 
Your home or our office. 

Special ottentLon to students and 
faculty Cuaranteed to save you 
money ' 81u. Chip Stomp. . Com. 
petent, professlonol. accurate . 

March 12, 1971 Triton Time, P.~ 11 



( 

o Apple Records 

Steve Landau 
Contributor 

To my mind the most significant development 
in contemporary music in the past decade has 
been the establishment of rock as a dynamiC 
medium of musical and lyrical expression. In 
the course of it rock music has become more 
than something with a pleasant beat that you 
could sing along in the car with. It has become a 
medium for expressing emotion, a medium for 
musical innovation and creativity and , finally , it 
has become a powerful medium for expressing 
ideas. 

Throughout it all there have been the Bealles, 
constantly versaLile, leading the way and 
always suprising us . Hardened Beatie listeners 
recognize certain distinct qualities to " Beatle 
music," yet they can never quite classify them. 
Above all, versatility has kept the Beatle5goang 
where other sensations have faded . How 
different is Abbey Road from Rubber Soul from 
Sergeant Pepper's! Let me count the ways. 

Breakup Not The End 
Thus it could only come a a 

shock to Bealle lovers that they had broken up . 
But now, over a year later. things have 
stabilized. All the Bealles have released at least 
one solo disc , and we find that the Beatles' 
contribution to music is by no means over. 
Happily, there is more BeatIe music than ever, 
just as diverse and just as creative. 

If anything. we are offered a unique 
opportunity. Almost as if we were to dissect the 
Bealles, we can see in clearer focus now the 
various inputs of each member. In his lyrics 
each expresses his feelings and we discover four 
individually intriguing persons. In each we find 
elements of the Bealles. but we can now watch 
each grow and mature. 

LENNON 
I got hoI j of McCartney's album first and 

found it ' Iuite refreshing- better than the 
Beatle 's SyaD-song LP. "Let it Be." which I 
was playir g • at the time. Then I recorded 
Harrison's and was entranced by it. playing it 
over and over. Meanwhile I read . LOS 
A GELES TIMES critic Koberl I1ilbu~n ', 
estatic reve of Lennon and thought he was 
exaggerati Ig, 

He wasn t. ennon 's album is a milestone not 
on Iv for It e Beatles. but of the pop era . The 
lyrics ar.' profound- an intense personal 
ta tement --and the music . not of the polished 

variety. is as expre sive as the words. What 
appeals to me most about the album is not only 
it debunking of so many myths. but its 
unabashed p ronal honesty. Lennon seems to 
have come to grips with his own self-concept 
and his conclusions have relevanc for us all. 

Therapy Bring Maturity 
L nnon 's maturing is due in great part to th 

experience of four month of inten iv th rapy 

Page 17 Triton Times March 12, 1971 

The Dream is Over 

with Dr . Arthur Janov, author of the " Primal 
Scream," and Lennon has dubbed this LP his 
" first primal album." In a ROLLI NG STONE 
interview Lennon describes this therapy. "The 
thing in a nutshell : primal therapy allowed us to 
feel feelings continually, and those feelings 
usually make you cry. That's all. Because 
before, I wasn't feeling things, that's all ," 

Elsewhere in that interview he sums up the 
-theme of the LP. "The dream is over . I'm not 
just talking about the Beatles. I'm talking about 
the generation thing. ltsover , and we gotla- I 
have to personally- get down to sO'<:,alled 
reality .... In what serves as a climax to the 
album, a ong called "God," Lennon lists a 
series of things he no longer believes in : magic, 
the Bible, Jesus. Kennedy. Buddha , Elvis , 
Zimmerman (Dylan's real name ) and. finally , 
Beatles. 
tbe Mum Is ovrr- .h.l c .. IIIY 
tbe drum I, Oytf- Y"1uday 
1 was Ibe drttmwtayu-- lMIt lOW I'm nlton 
I was lise _a1,.., - but DOW I'm Joba 
.141 so drsr frteach 
)"01 '11 J"l bne to carry OIl 
the dream I, tVtr 

This song also expresses the concept most 
important to John : "God is a concept by which 
we measure our pain ." He explains : " Well , pain 
is the pain we go through all the time. You're 
born in pain. Pain is what we are in most of 
time. and I think that the bigger the pain, the 
more God you look for. " 

Most Deeply Affected 
As you listen to John 's album and compare it 

with the others you realize that he was perha ps 
the most deeply affected by the whole Beatie 
trip. He is left seething inside, wanting to cry 
out. He expresses cynicism, yet a cautious 
optimism. Reality is important now. and reality 
to him is only John , and also Yoko. 

The Beatles would always put parts of their 
personal lives into their music , but more than 
ever before Lennon bares himself, and 
esp cially his childhood . The album opens with 
" Mother :" " Mother. you had me but I never 
had you - I wanted you but you didn 't want me 
- Father. you left me but I never left you ~ I 
needed you but you didn 't need me." It end 
with a typical Beatie musical afterthought : 
" My Mummy 's dead - it's so hard to explain-
so much pain - I could never show it. " 

There are songs ex pre sing the familiar 
themes of alienation . He asks : " Look at me -
who am I upposed to be - what am I upposed 
to be - what am I supposed to do," and 
c nclud later : "nobody knows but me -
nobody else can see - just you and me - who 
are we?" 

In " ls6Iation" he says ' " People say we got it 
made - don 't they know we're so afraid ... th 
sun will never disappear - but th world may 

not have many years." But, in " Hold on John " 
he says : "hold on world - world hold on - it 's 
gonna be alright - you gonna see the light. " 
And, in "Love :" "Love is real - real is Love -
love is feeling - feeling love - love is wanting 
to be loved." 

political, Social Commentary 
The songs mentioned thus far are for the most 

part ballads, backed with simple guitar or piano 
accompaniment. In the others Lennon's 
political and social commentary comes gushing 
out and the frenzy of the music fits this 
explosion. The following is from " 1 found out.· ' 
ItOW lUt I .wed yOll WMI 1 beft ttw .. ,t. 
.... , lake lOW)'s wer. wue , .. rail" 
Uterf: ala', M JH",OUI come fr. ge sky 
.... lUll fCMI_ out 1 haw I e.1 cry 
11 ...... , old Ur. krl .... ot ootw.a .. I'" 
ja.t ktfll yCMI t fll)' wllhlOClIII'a. to. 
kef, y4MI ~.pled wUb pie I. 1M sky 
lHrt .... , 10 lin _Ito CI. st.! ~ .. " )'OIr ty!' 
Ifo ... 4011 

I lftllllrouCh junkies I bf:tII tbroup it all 
I lteD rell, .. from J eslll to Plul 
dol" let Ihem fool you wllh!lope .... CO<'llDe 

~"' I do YOII DO blrm 10 fetl YlMlr on Plla 
t fouadollt 

Lennon , who claims to have taken more than a 
thousand acid trips during one period of hi s life 
and who, along with the rest of the Beatles, 
went to the Maharishi , rejects dope and 
religious mysticism as invalid crutches. 

Of . Working Class Hero," Lennon says he 
thinks it's a revolutionary song, in its own way . 
It 's for the people, he says, who are working 
class and are supposed to be processed into the 
middle classes. 
IS soon as you're born they make you feellmall 
by KhillC),ou no lime In ,ud of it all 
till the peln Is so bl. )0. feel,othln.at III 

wbea they ' ... e tortllfed and lcared )011 for %O-odd yun 
tbey 6pHt )'ou to choose. ~.reer 
wbel )'01 n O' 1 really hIDc:UOD )ou 're •• full of ftar 

l~ert'S room I'the lOP tlley're leilia. you stili 
bu. fint you must lean "ow to smUt II you kill 
If )'0 ..... -.01 to be Hlle tbe lolks oa ,be 11111 

a workil, ClalS lleroIs IOmetlll.I to H 
I work.lal dau bero ls IOmetlllal to be 

Then there 's a cut at the middle-class kids who 
pursue the proletariat image: "keep you do~ed 
with religion and sex and TV - and you thank 
you're so clever and classless and free - but 
you're still fuckin' peasants as far as I can see ." 
This cut , which John considers to be one of the 
best, isn't getting air play because of the twq 
"fucking"s in it. 

Self-Criticism Too 
In "Well , Well , Well" he indulges in a bit of 

self-criticism. In his interview he discusses 
how, as part of his desire to be honest with 
himself, he can't deny he enjoys the standard of 
living he can afford. His radical views are 
weddt>d to this in an uneasy sort of social 
pragmatism. 
we sal lid lailled of rnolutlo. 
JISt like IwO liberals ill the su n 
we 1.lktel of womu's llberatlop 
aad how the bell we to.l. Cel tblllCs dolt 
well well well oh well 

I took my lo",ed ont to a btl field 
ICI we coul d watdl the E.,lish ,ky 
we bot" were Denous 'HUa, lailly 
aad aeUher one of IS kae_ just . -hy 
welt wdl 'Well ob " 'ttl 

But this is part of Lennon 's myth-destroying. No 
matter how high - and - mighty someone might 
come on , he (or she) has hi s own hangups too . 
He says : "People aren 't that hip; studen ts 
aren't that aware; they 're just like anybody 
else ." 

Lennon is as honest in his music as he is in his 
lyrics. The ballads are beautifu l in the best 
Bea tie tradition, but the accompaniment is a lot 
simpler'. Rarely have we had a chance to hear 
John on acoustic guitar before. The up-tempo 
numbers use standard rock arrangement and a 
lot of repetition . 

Simple Rock Again 
Lennon who wrote such technically proficient 

songs as ':Strawberry Fields" is returning to his 
roots , as are so many other rock musicians 
today : " I always like simple rock and nothing 
else. I was influenced by acid and got 
psychedelic, like the whole generation, but 
really, I like rock and roll and I express myseJl 
best in rock. 

To Lennon, "rock just happens to be the 
media I was born into." " I am just as interested 
in poetry or whatever or art, and always ha ve 
been, that's been my hang-up , you know -
continually trying to be Shakespeare ... I'm 
interested in expressing myself like they 
expressed it, in some way that will mean 
something to people in any country, in any 
language, and at any time in history." 

With the release of this his first solo album 
(except for the one recorded in Toronto ) Jo~n 
has succeeded in communicating to us all and an 
so doing he has also shown us that the rock 
media can at best, even if rarely , be a viable art 
form . 

HARRISON 
In Harrison's ambitious attempt - a triple LP 

~ we find a striking and somewhat intriguing 
contrast to the Lennon album. Harrison's work 
is definitel y seriously intended , and he is trying 
to express many deep-rooted feelings . Yet the 
whole tone, the mood , is entirely different. 

Lennon was shouting his message at us; 
Harri son, always shy and re erved , is cooing at 
us. Where Lennon criticizes cynically, Harrison 
makes observations more with remorse than 
anger. The hauntingly beautiful refrain of the 
tune " Isn't it a pity?" is repeated later in the 
album and is characteristic of George ' 
outlook : 

(CoDtiDued OD page 13) 

(CoDtinued from page lZj 

Isn 't Ila pit)' - isn't It a shame 
bow we break uch other', hearts 
and cause each other pain 
Withou t thlnlcln, an),more 
forgetlifllto live back 
Isn 't It a pity? 

Harrison is less caustic and his social 
comments are less political and usually in the 
vein of advice or a gentle warning: " Beware of 
darkness - it can hit you - it can hurt you -
make you sore and what is more - that is not 
what you are here for ." 

Less or Negative Themes 
Yet, on the whole, Harrison doesn 't harp on 

negative themes. The album expresses 
optimism and an enjoyment of life. This has 
been taken by some as simpliCity, but it is 
certa inly appealing. Also, it expresses so well 
a feeling that is an important part of current 
socia l attitudes among the youth. In the "Ballad 
of Sir Frankie Crisp" Harrison says: "Let it 
roll across the floor through the hall and out the 
door - to the fountain of perpetual mirth - let 
it roll for all it 's worth." It is the album's title 
song that itself expresses this basic optimism : 

lOW the urUHS HI)' 1ta),lai ail~t time 
II lilt moniDl it will fadt •• ay 
d.)'lIlht Is ,oed at 1"I"w, I' 'lie fl,II' time 
1011'S DOl alwlYS 1_1'0 be l~lllrtY 
aU Ihlll,S milt PIli - ali t.llia,. must ,U,,1 ... Y 

Two other themes besides optimism pervade 
this album from beginning to end. One is love -

a love quite different from John 's intensily 
personified love for Yoko. It is much more love 
for it ' own ke. universal love. In a 
refreshingly vintage - Beatie · Iike tune , George 
proclaims : " 1 dig love ooh - I dig love every 
morning - I dig love every evening - [ dig love 
and [ want you to know I dig love." Or. in the 
openmg cut : "What is life without your love?" 

Eastern Fascination 
But what everyone perhaps remembers best 

is Harrison 's fascination with Eastern religion. 
Although the Beatles eventually found the 
Maharishi to be a phony, the Eastern influence 
is still strong in Harri son's work . Nothing more 
needs be said of " My Sweet Lord," which has 
received heavy air play. But the theme appears 
elsewhere. In "Hear me Lord" George 
laments : " forgive me lord - please those yea r 
when I ignored you - forgive them lord - those 
that feel they can't afford you," Then there is 
the refrai n from "Awaiting on you all " that is 
perhaps most open to criticism : " . .. but there's 
a way for you to get clean - by chanting the 
names of the Lord and you'll be free ." 

It would be superficial to dismiss Harrison as 
merely naive. De pite the tumult of the 

Beatlemania years, George seems to have 
maintained his stability and even found a degree 
of peace of mind, and this must surely be 
envied. 

This peace of mind is reflected in the music 
itself. There are tunes such as " Apple Scruffs" 
that bring back memories of the estatic 
innocence of the BeatIe's early music. There 
are tunes with a folk and country (Javor, one co-
authored by Dylan . There are several that 
employ the kind of joyfully repeated chant that 
made " Hey Jude" such a classic. 

The simple instrumentation of John 's album 
was distinctive; so , in it 's way, is George's 
elaborate instrumentation. George lives up to 
the standards of technical precision we came to 
expect of the Beatles, with Phil Spector 's 
touches much in ev idence. 

Voice ever Dominates 
Because of all this , George's voice never 

dominates - which is good, for it is weak , but 
neither does his gu itar work - which is not so 
good, for he became one of the better studio 
musicians over the years. The third LP, entirely 
devoted to a jam session, and including such 
notables as Eric Clapton and Dave Mason , was 
an unfortunate waste of talent . Never has so 
much talent collectively produced so little. 

Bu t all in all Harrison 's album is very good 
listeni ng music , even entrancing in its over-all 
effect. If you can put it on tape and play it from 
beginning to end it would provide a more 
relaxiog evening that the other Beatie efforts 
would . Its message doesn 't reach out to grab 

you. and the music is more even-paced. but it 
can't help but grow on you if you give It time. 

McCART EY 
Paul McCartney is an ent irely different trip 

again. He was the first to publicly announce the 
dissolution of the Beatl s, and also the fir t to 
release a solo album . Lennon had some bitter 
things to say about the circumstances of all this, 
but that's a complicated situation and we 'll 
probably never know the whole truth . 
McCartney gave as hi rea on wanting to pend 
more time on hisoll'n with his family . 

This album would certainly bear that out. 
McCartney does all the instrumental and vocal 
work. assisted only by his wife . The overall 
impression the album gives is of a chap out in 
the English countryside with his bird I chick ) on 
a bright sunny day, running along bubbling 
brook and rolling in meadows, jumping for joy. 
II has nothing of the social commentary or 
gospel of the others , and only a hint at the 
themes of lonel iness and the like. 

Lyrics Hint At Breakup 
Like Lennon, his lyrics make sly reference to 

the breaking up of the Beatles: 

•••• e ... INtI)' 
1ft we willtitly 
1M we w.sur' jlJrHsH Ie flM. smile 
a.t eow we'u flat all lhe time 

J lied '0 rl ... my fill cll)' nae 
11811a. 10", lui I tH.Pl were mile .108e 
ao. let me lie "il~ my IoYe for ,~e Umt 
l am Mme, lIollle 

If you listen to the end of 'Abbey Road" you 'll 
hear one of those Beatie afterthoughts after the 
rock operetta concludes. It 's sung by 
McCartney: "Amanda's she's a pretty nice girl 
- someday I'm going to make her mine - I 
want to tell her that I love her - but I gotta 
belly ful l of wine." How similar is the 
mood of the opening cut on the LP: " Ia-Ia-Ia-Ia-
la-Ia-la lovely Linda - with the lovely flowers in 
her hair." Or, further on in side one: " that 
would be something - really would be 
something - meet you in the falling rain pretty 
momma - meet you in the falli ng rain." 

The mood of McCartney 's album can best be 
described as " pleasant. " You 're not suprised to 
hear Paul giggling at the end of "Lovely 
Linda ." Songs like "Maybe I'm Amazed" and 
"Teddy Boy " have a childlike air to them. It' s 
all a very happy album and you can just see 
Paul in his studio piecing it together like it' s 
some kind of home movie. You can ee Paul 
grinning on the Ed Sullivan Show - Paul the 
handsome one, the charmer. whose baby fa ce 
had the girls screami ng. 

urprising umber of Instrumentals 
There 's a surprising amount of instrumental 

on the album. The Beatles never went in much 
for that. Paul 's attempts are more or Ie s in the 
same vein as the re t of the album - kind of 
cute. but nothing spectacular. He even ha 
thrown in a drum 010. 

Paul 's album is nothing ignificant either 
musica lly or lyrically, and he surely will 
produce omething much better the next time 
around . Yet that's not to say it isn 't enjoyable. 
It too captures a particular element of the 
Beatles. It has nothing much 10 parltcular to say 
- just a warm happy feeling to share With u 

CONCLU [ON 
In break ing up after "Abbey Road" the 

Beatles went out on top. That alb~m was one of 
their more excellent attempts. [t contaaned 
perhaps the best rock oper tta - a string of 
vignettes on Id two. "Let it be. " although 
released after "Abbey Road." had rea lly been 
recorded earli er and was not an integrated 
production. 

But. aSH turned out, Abbey Road had a fo ur· 
way intersection at its end . The Beatles have 
gone their own way , drawing from the musica l 
tradition they helped create, yet developing new 
twists of their own . In this rev iew I have tried to 
highlight their individual development. 

Common Experiences 
There 's something special II almost said 

magic ) about the Beatles, omething that 
transcend their music. [t doesn't matter 
whether they're together as a group or not. [t 
probably wasn 't evident back then when they 
were wearing tight pants and our parents were 
appalled by their long hair . But it's really quite 
Simple. The Beatles are at the same time 
sensitive artists and quite mature musicians. 

Remember some years back how your 
pare.nts ~r your music teacher or some uptight 
mUSIC cri tic said the Beatles were just another 
fad that would pa s. Ironically the Bealles were 
t~e prototype of fadlst supergroup. However. 
time has shown that their talents went far 
deeper than Beatlemania . The Beatles keep 
turmng out good new music and there ju t 
doesn 't seem to be any stoppmg them 

omething pecial 
But what IS really fa canating to me is thl 

The Beatie lived through a tumultuous period 
of history and each reacted in hi own wav We 
lived through thiS time too . In a sense mosi of us 
have a little bit of each wlthm us . Who amon us 
hasn 't at some lime Wished he sould chuck It all 
and lead an Idyllic pastoral life. as Paul 
McCartnev seems to have cho en ' Ha\'en 't 
most of us gone through the peace and flower 
thmg that George Hamson I mto' And urely 
hardly anyone e capes a bitter cynicism and 
fear that John Lennon has felt 

I haven't mentioned Ringo thu far , tor hiS 
musica l efforts haven 't been much \0 the way 
01 Individual creativity. Yet Ringo is a pan of 
the Beatie cenario too. Think of him in .. Hard 
Day 's Night" or even the recent Peter ellers 
flick he wa in . He's the jester. grinning at it all . 
acting kind of li ke a kid or the dumb guy. While 
all the psychedelic phantasmagoria is coming 
down Ringo's sitting on the fence millng and 
singing cou ntry-style and enllmental ong . 
You could ay that his non-committal type of 
attitude is escapist, but on the other hand 
maybe we 're just butting our heads against a 
stone wall and he' one up on us. In any case, 
can't part of you relate to his trip too? o Apple Records 

POSSIBILITIES 
"The Knack" 

Three youths compete for the 
romantic attentions of an 
innocent girl in "The Knack." 
currently playi ng a t the 
Cassius Carter Centre Stage. 
The comedy is being staged 
nightly except Monday through 
March 28. The Carter Centre 
Stage i located adjacent to the 
Old Globe Theatre in Balboa 
Park . 

Each of the modern you ng 
men hav e div e rgent 
personalities. They share a 
ingle room in the spirit of 

comradeship. One is an affable, 
easy·going type. A second is a 
hy and nervous boy and the 

la st i confi dent and 
experienced. proud of his 
romantil: nchievements. 

Lost on her wav to thE" local 
Y.W.C. A .. a naiv~ young girl is 
befriended, by the young Illen . 
Each pursues the girl in his 
Oll'n way. all with amorous 
intention·s. She fantasizes about 
her involvement with each. 

aria Kirkwood makes her 
Old Glob~ Theatre debut as the 
beWildered young girl. Randy 
Carter. Don Sparks and Ron 

He ll~r are the you ng 1)1en. Al 0 
In the cast are Miki Heller and 
Janice Cobb. 

"The Knack" is staged by 
• gue t dire ctor Rob e rt 

Bonaventura. During the past 
five years . Bonaventura has 
been Artists and Repertory 
Director of the American 
Conservatory Theatre in San 
Francisco and associate 
director on num ero us 
productions. Costume and the 
single setting for "The Knack" 
ha ve been designed by Scott 
Busath . 

Special reduced priced 
tickets are available for 
students through college . The 
student price of $1.50 is 
available for all performances 
of "The Knack" except 
Saturday nights. a savings of 40 
percent. Advance ticket 
reservations are available at 
the Old Globe Theatre ticket 
office. 239-2255 after noon. 

S.D. Opera Offers 
Student Discount 

The Sa n Diego Opera will 
present three per(.ormances of 
Puccini's popular "Madame 
Butterfly" March 24 . 26 and 28. 
in the an Diego Civic Theatre. 
The March 28th performance 
will be a undav matinee 
beganningat2 :30p.m. 

With its Japanese setting and 

stro ng American flavor. 
"Madame Butterfly" is a 
class ic love story whi ch 
Puccini himself con idered his 
finest opera . The delicate 
blending of the composer's 
Iyrici m with distinct Japane 
melodies gives this work a 
cosmopolitan touch which has 
appealed strongly to audiences 
for nearly seventy years . 

The San Diego Opera is again 
making tickets available to 
college students at grea tly 
reduced prices. The Urey Hall 
Box Office ha ticket for the 
March 24 and 28 performances 
at half the regular price (one 
ticket per I. D. card only) and. 
in addition. tudents with a 
va lid I. D. card will be able to 
purchase any seal remaining 
unsold at performance time for 
54.00. 

Early American sacred 
works by William Billings. 
William Wyeth. and Lewis 
Edson will also be heard. 

African Arts 
Festival 

Don 't let the weekend before 
final leave you in total 
isolation from the re t of the 
known world . On Saturday , 
March 13 , between 1 and 3 

p.m.. the Afro-America n 
Cultural Traditions Class IS 
going to let you in on some of 
their secrets. 

That's right, the whole class, 
including everyone, is bringing 
a half -hap'pening- half -
performance directly to the 
Mathews Campus Lawn ! 

For the past several week , 
the clas , under the supervision 
of Professor Teilhat , ha been 
putting together a pre entation 
depicting the interrelationships 
between Art, Music, Dance and 
Oral tradition in African 
Culture. 

Professor Teilhat hope that 
the presentation will be 
entertaining as well as a 
learning experience for 
aud ience and performer alike . 

So remember. March 13, t 
p.m., Matthews ampu Lawn. 
Bring your elf. your guy, your 
girl , your dog, your books and a 
50 cent dona tion to cover the 
co t of food t refre hments) 
and costumes. 

80 Diddley 
"In the Alley" 

Tonite , tomorrow , and 
unday night . In The Alley 

Folk Theatr will pre ent in 
club concert - one of th top 

rock and blues artist of the 
past 15 years , BO DIDDLEY 
with his band. BO stole the 
show at the recent Rock & Roll 
Revival in San Diego, and has 
promi ed u one of the most 
unforgettable shows ever! Al 0 
on the bill will be The Ice 
Hou e Blue Band. For 
Information or Reservation 
please call 74~-3320. 

Mixed Chorus 
Concert 

uc 0 Chamber Choru and 
Women 's Chorus will share a 
concert at the Clu ter I 
Library. Humanitie -Library 
Build ing . on the Revelle 
College campu. aturday, 
March 13, at 8:30 p,m. The 
concert i free and open to the 
public. 

Ron Jeffer i dir ctor of the 
two choral groups. Jeff r , who 
is working 'on his Ph.D in mu ic 
at UC D. holds an M. A. in 
music compo ition and hi tory 
of art from th niver ity 01 
Michigan ., Ann Arbor, and an 
M. in choral conducting 
fr m ceid ntal. While an 
Michigan Jeffer orga(!ized 
and conducted a chamber choir 

called the "Camerata" which 
specialized In Baroque as well 
a contemporary music. 

The Women 's Chorus has 
scheduled Brahms' .. Four 
ong .. from "Opus Ii" , for 

women's chorus, two French 
horns. and harp. and the 1952 
travin ky Cantata. 'oloi t 

for the pieces are Catherine 
ampbell . sop rano. and Loren 
alter, tenor. 
The mixed Chamber Chorus 

will perform two motet 
"Herr, wenn ich nur Dich" by 
Heinrich Schutz. and Johann 
Sch in ' " Di mit Traenen 
saen. 

Upcoming (on<erts 
mall ('ace . featuring Rod 

tewart, will be in concert 
along wi Ll The Grea e Band 
and voy Brown at the an 
Diego Sport Arena on 
Thur 'day ni ht, M ch 18. 

Ti\.;"~ts Yo 111 be q .~U In advanc 
or $5.00 on th day of the show 

Th hamb r_ Brother l'nrl 
TaJ Mahal Will be in conc rt at 
the port rena on Sa turday 
night, March 27. For more 
information on eith r of these 
hows ca II the port r na 

Tick t Office at 224-4176 

March 12, 1971 Triton Times Page 13 



"/ ever Sang For My Father" 
Corrie Ricky 
Ads Writer 

"Now you can see the results of 
miracle drugs ..... ; corridors of aged 
people who are virtually useless to 
society . Unproductive. Activity 
conSisting of eating three liquid meals a 
day and "creating" handicraft items to 
pass the time while waiting for death. 
Grim realism such as this dominates 
Gilbert Cates' production of I Never 
Sang For My Father. 

Tenseness pervades the film from 
beginning to end . This is a story of just 
how far filial obligation can carry the 
protagonist, played by Gene Hackman. 
Hackman portrays a middle-aged 
widower who must choose his priorities-
does his happiness come first , or does 
the happiness of his egocentric, senile, 
father? 

Rpj()ur(,I!Juln~ . 
p ychnlllf{)". bUllminf{ 

i.nup~. phi/",("Jh.,· 
child,," ', boo k .• 
fiction . pOP" .'" 
d elif{hl 
jo.," 

t'leu: ... conte find 

Melvyn Douglas plays the demanding 
father , wallowing in his past triumphs, 
ignoring the health of his u~wel~ wife. 
eschewinll the successes of hiS children,. 
and completely engrossed with watching 
television westerns. Dorothy Stickney is 
the mother. She is the epitome of 
understanding and patience, and her 
role, although not a very significant one, 
is done with extreme sensitivity and 
charm. Estelle Parsons acts the role of 
the estranged daughter who returns 
home for her mother 's funeral. Like her 
screen mother , she embodies the same 
rationality and levelheadedness. 

The portrayals are, as a whole, 
excellent. However, Gene Hackman 's 
masochism and clenched teeth get a bit 
redundant towards the end of the film 
where the viewer could conceivably 

imagine him taking out a whip and 
flagellating himself. 

The movie itself is an excellent study 
of the decay of a family relationship and 
the film tends to present a convincing 
mood to the theatregoers. At times, the 
film dwells a bit too heavily on the 
macabre : a long, involved, scene about 
choosing the casket at a mortuary and 
the aforementioned cene in the 
"home" for the aged are examples. 
There are no reliefs from the depressing 
confrontations and dramatic situations 
created by the writer. Robert Anderson. 
Compelling, although a hackneyed word, 
i practically the only apt de cription of 
the movie. 

I Never Sang For My Father is 
currently playing at the Valley Circle 
Theatre. 

U . . & Fo .. ign 
paperback. 

mogozines 
posten 
rtcord 

corcLo 

EUROPE - ISRAEL - EAST AFRICA 
• Student travel discounts 
• Official SOFA agent for over 2000 inter-European student 
charter flight 
• International Student ID cord 
• 2 month student Eurailpass $125 
* 3 weeks camping in Russia and Czechoslovakia $156 
• 5 weeks camping in Spain, Portugal and Morocco $230 
• London-Capetown 7 week Africon Sofari $641 

EARIH.SONG CONTACT: ISCA. L. A. Calif. 90049 11687 Son Vicente Blvd. ,4 (213) 826-5669 
BOOK STORE 

1440 Comino del Mar Del Mar 755-4254 

UNIVERSITY OF THE PACIFIC 

McGEORGE SCHOOL OF LAW 

HONDA CARS 

SACRAMENTO CAMPUS 

THE PROGRAM OF THE SCHOOL OF LAW ENABLES STU-
DENTS TO BEGIN THE STUDY Of LAW IN THE SUMMER 
QUARTER (June 1971) OR AUTUMN QUARTER (September 
1971 ), IN THE 3 YEAR DAY OR 4 YEAR EVENING DIVISION. 
McGEORGE OFFERS THE JURIS DOCTOR DEGREE AND IS 
ACCREDITED BY THE AMERICAN BAR ASSOCIATION . AP-
PLICATION DEADLINE: June 1, 1971. 
ON·CAMPUS INTERVIEWS OF PROSPECTIVE 

LAW STUDENTS -
w ill be h.ld on Frld.y, M.rch 12, 1971 f.om 10:30 • . m . '0 
12:30 p.m. in 'he Info.mol lounge in ,h. Revell. Commons. 
Spon.orld by Coree, Educol ion Plonning C.nle •. 

Page 14 Triton Times March 12, 1971 

For Free 
Home Demo ... 
Call anytime at 
2]2.5511 

Pacific Honda-1269 Garnet 

Davis Camera 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459-7355 

AT THE COFFEE HUT 

THIS FRIDAY NIGHT 9-12 
EVERGREEN 

SATURDAY NIGHT 9-12 
A T ASKET, A TlSKET 

GO SEE- KING BISKUIT BLUES BAND 

~J Z~ytli1;f~ If .,... or. ;",.,,,,04 i. _'If ",It • .. .. 041 ._",. 
,..., , ..... l1li4 ... ,.. • ..,ok ~"4 

I1114 MMfilsfOfYH 

2SC;BEER No phon. (ails 
Stop in and SII John 

entertainment '?AC.r~C 
nightly YAMA~A Silverado & Fay 
La Jolla 1551 ,Irliit IVI l .. eifie .... e.. 411·1555 

'# 

EXCLUSIVE SHOWING 
"Oulrage-

OUSly 
raUnChY, 
bUIOddly 
mOVlna." 

-Loolc -llulne 

"FUnny, 

"Wildly lunny. ··ShOUld 
Powerlul bl sIen. 
and mOVing." Thl besl 

-Rex Reed, 
Holiday Magazine arhOI 

prOduClion 
10 dale." 

-.Iud ... Crist, 
IBC-TV 

provocalivI, UI maSler-
aReCling 
and 
somehOW, 
VlrI Ilna." 

- New York Times 

Andy Warhol 
presents 
Joe Dallesandro 
• In 

.. 

:; . 
. '. 

u 

piece.1 
brilliant, 
lunny, 
mOVing 
lilm." 

-IOlllnlllOnl 

® 
lIOo..~ 
"1.0 Ii_ 

introducing Jane Forth and Holly Woodlawn directed by Paul Morrissey 

BROADWAY at 8th 
Open Noon 
233-6473 

SIARTS 

WED., MAR. 17th 
Marc; h 12, 1971 Triton Times Page 15 



FRIDAY 
March 12 

MEETING-7 p.m., Aztec Center , 
SO State, City-Wide Meeting of 
People's Coalition for Peace and 
Justice, discussion and planning 
around People's Peace Treaty. 

I p.m., 2C room 1110, Muir, 
Psychology Undergrad Committee, 
for all Psych majors interested in 
discussing grad schools. 
LECTURES- 12 noon, Sumner 
AUditorium, SIC, Dr. JJ Sims, 

CR, "Seaweed Extractives of 
Pharmacological Interest. " 

3 p.m. , 5013 Basic Science Bldg., 
School of Medicine, Dr. Louis 
Gluck , "Development of Surface 
Activity in Fetal Lung" 

4 p.m., 2100 Basic Science Bldg., 
School of Medicine, Dr. D. 
Denison , "Topics in Respiration -
Threshold Levels of Hypoxia in 
Man". 
INTERNATIONAL CLUB-7:30 
p.m., Revelle Informal Lounge, 
End of Term Party. 
COF F EE HUT-9-12 p. m . , 
"Evergreen" Really Cauliflower ! 
MOVIES-7 :30 p.m., USB 2722, 
Friday ight Flicks, " Hunchback 
of Notre Dame" and "Cabinet of 
Dr. Caligari". 

SATURDAY, 
March 13 

MEETINGS-I :30 p.m., informal 
lounge ; Meeting of the Middle East 
Folksong and Folkdance 
Association. 

UNDERGROUND SEX 

A COLLECTION OF RECENT EXPERIMENTAL 
FILMS ON THE SUBJECT OF SEX AS 
VIEWED FROM A NUMBER OF DIFFERENT 
PERSPECTIVES. 

ABOUT 2% HOURS LONG 
ONE SHOWING 

SUNDAY MARCH 14 • USB 2722 • 7 PM • 50' 

World Servke 
through the 

Power of Thought 

. 

MULTI -ETHNIC 
WORKSHOP- informal lounge ; 
pre-regis tra tion a nd social 
meeting For info call 454-1020. 
FlLM-2 p.m., Unicorn Theatre ; 
"Hse-Shih". For Info call Lily 
Wang-6313 2A, x1l7l. 
MUSIC-8:3O p.m., Cluster I 
Library, HL; UCSD Chamber 
Chorus and Women's Chorus. 

8:30 p.m., Revelle Cafeteria ; Ric 
Master , poet, guitarist , and 
folksinger, will perform. Free. 

8:30 p.m., San Diego Civic 
Theatre ; Glenn Yarbrough. For 
info call Suzanne Dunbar, 291-3020. 

9 p .m .~ Coffee Hut ; King Biscuit 
Blues Band. 

SUNDAY, 
March 14 

MUSIC-3 p.m ., Sherwood Hall , La 
Jolla ; La Jolla Civic Orchestra and 
Chorus Association and UCSD 
Concert Series. Free to UCSD 
students with 10. For info call 453-
1173 or 453-2000 x2093. 
S DAY IGHT S PPER-5:30 
p.m., Several students who are 
interested in intercultural 
exchange meet every Sunday in 
various local homes to talk and eat 
together. Phone xl940 for location . 

ANNOUNCEMENT 
Cluster I Library will be open until 
Midnight during finals week, 
March 14-March 19. Bring your own 
cup, coffee will be available for 5 
cents a cup. 

MONDAY, 
March 15 

MEETINGS-7 p.m., Lower Blake, 
Free All Political Prisoners 

Never. it would seem. has there been a greoter urgency tor peeple of goodwill to work. to wield. with the sircerebellef in the tact - energy 
outf iow is an inlegral part of thought; It knows no barrier. in respect to the evoker. and doth relVrn accordingly. sooner or later. to bless or 
shacl<le us as the case may be so - you r"" lize fIIIIt "behooves us 10 guard this " royal power" every living momenl . right meditation 
proves inVincible along these lines rherefore. though apert. we m together when helping to creotean ~ Increasingly Invocatlve 
Interrela tionship of streams of force (vort lcal in areo of responding being) which are helping 10 precipitate fresh ameliorative modes of 
thought and infu.e and strengthen the influence of goodwill throughoul th is living magnel The l!!lllIl! of basic splrilVa l energies. as relaled 
to our present planetary cOnditions. and the side effects of certain forces tf1usly transposed as the result of the ~ pelterned and 
profoundly subiective eflorts - the impelling '!@ to .~" at first. wi'" subdued inspirat ion (aspiration) 10 IIlvlsion and innovate - such as 
ar. ringing forth al this time and which effort World GC""dWf1l Triang les implements as a sounding board. an energiz .... in order to help raise 
the consciousness of tunanity 'cilJ in time. have an irrmEBsvrable effect upon many facets and or phases of life on and In the .... a of this 
"good eorth." The Triangles Network provides fIIIIt inner structur. which serves as a framework on which a world of ultimate outer un'fty 
can be built." Humanitymv.t and i •• Iowly beg inning to fvlf ili its obligations concerning themercvrlal amalgamation (.ynchron·tonlzation ) 
of well def ined areosof the manifesting aspect of this growing Influential portion' of th is solar system. 

Men have the power. through focussed united invocat ion to affect world events. The massed thought power 
of the men and women of goodwil l can create a channel of commun icat ion between "God " and man through 
wh ich sp ir i tual ~ can flow to heal and r~bu i ld a troubled world . II is this power. properl y used and 
directed . that ciii1llehuman ity 's " sav ing force " . 

For a number of years Tr iang les has been work ing to mobil ize and un ite the thought power of.men and 
women of goodwill. The method is very simple. Three people agree to unite mentally each day to invoke the 
power of light and goodwill in serv ice to human ity . They form a tr iangle. the universal symbol of divinity . 
Each member of a tr iangle can form other tr iangles . and in th is way a network of enlightened thought and 
goodwill encompasses the earth . The network of tr iangles thus formed : -

.. prov ides a channel for the circu iat ion of construct ive thought 

.. is a meansof Iransform ing the sp ir i tual Climate of the planet 
... is a medium for the d istr ibut ion of spir i tual energ ies . lift ing and transforming human l ife and 
consc iousness. 

Today men and women of goodwill of every rel ig ion and ph i losophy. and every raCe and pol it ical con -
v iction . are working in the Tr iangles network. f ind ing a un ity in pra yer and invocat ion that transcends all 
di fferences of outer belief . W i ll you f ind two others to io in w ith you in this world service? 

The world has a sp iritual destiny . Beh ind evolut ion there is an abid ing purpose. wh ich we can call the Plan 
of God . The div ine Plan can on ly work out through humanity. Each of us is responsible for understanding it. 
and for doing all we can in our da ily li v ing to express i ts meaning and sign ificance . 

T RIANGLE S 

THE GREAT I NVOCATI ON 
... embod ies these thoughts in a dynamic way. and is used every day by Trlang)es members as a world 
prayer . 

Fron t ile point of L ight w ith in the M ind of God 
Le I li l'ht st ream forth in to the m inds of men. 

I.et Light descend on Earth . 

From II e point of Love w ith in the Heart of God 
Le i Love stream forth into the hearts of men. 

Illay Chr ist return to Earth. 

Fron t he centre where the Will of God Is known 
Li l ptlrl!!!5f ~"irl~ tile little wills 01 men-

"he purpose which the Masters kilO .. ~nd ~rve . 

FrOM the centre which we call the race of men 
Ltt t ile Plan of LOve and Lightwork out. 

~nd may it seal the door where eVil dwells. 

Let light and Love and Power restore the Plan on Earth. 

The bee ulr and strength 01 this invocat ion l ies in lis Simpl icity . and in its express ion of certa in truths which 
all men innately and normally acc ept. Man y relig ions be lieve in a World Teacher . know ing him under such 
nam es lS The Lord Ma i treya. Kr ishna . Im an Mahd i and the Messiah and these terms are used In some 
Hindu, M uslim . Buddhis t and Jewish ver sions of the Greatlnvocllt ion . 

American Headquarters 
866 United Nations Plaza 
SUite 566-7 
New York . N . Y . 
U.S.A. 10017 

for fur ther in format ion & prayer mantrans write to 

WORLD GOODWILL- TRIANGLES 
International Headquarters 
235 Finchley Road 
Hampstead 
London. N .W . 3 .• U.K . 

Page 16 Triton Times March 12, 1971 

European Headquarters 
1 rue de Varembe (3e) 
Clse postale 26 
1211 Geneva 20 
Switzerland 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
All applications for Financial Aid 
for 1971-72 must be submitted to the 
Financial Aids Office, Bldg., 250, 
MC, by March 15 
LOST: round, gold charm of 
Washington D.C. on Muir Campus 
March 8; Call 488-5422, Jeryl Copp 
LOST: prescription glasses ; oval 
brown frames ; Saturday March 6 
around area of 409 MC. Please 
contact at 274-0028. Reward 
Employment o pe n for 
administrative services officer II , 
any employee interested should 
call the Employment Office, 
ext.2131 

WEDNESDAY, 
March 17 

MEETING -7 :30 p.m., Mu ic 
Building Recital Hall an Diego 
State, An Evening with Dr. William 
McGill . The President of Columbia 
and former chancellor of UCSD 
will discuss the status of campus 
life and the community. 

THURSDAY, 
March 18 

MEET! GS-7 :30 p.m., at the 
Unitarian Church Hall , 4190 Front 
Street , in support Berrigan 
Brothers and the other "co-
conspirators". The rally will 
feature Blase Bonpane, music, 
lawyers, and exerpts from the Holy 
Outlaws-a documentary film on the 
Berrigans. Come and join the 
conspiracy to save lives. 

For Sale 
WATER BEDS Tra"sluscent 
Guaranteed to infinity . Wide 
selection, shapes and sizes : 
"X7' King size 534.50. 8' round 
$68.50. Call 222-9175 after 5 p.m . 

(4/2) 
1969 uzuki x-6, 250 cc. Excellent 
Condo 453-2000, ext. ISS9, 224-9437 
evenings. 
(3. 30) 
A BETTER BEDI King s ize 
water bed. 555.00 . The Water 
Hole, 4282 EI Cajon Blvd. , 280-
2611 . (R) 
Fa< Salo: 1964 Rambler Am.rican 
SocIan $400 Of bost off.r. Call Ext. 
1936 .. 454-6379. (3/ 12 ) 
4-wheel drive 1969 Toyota Land 
Cruiser •• c.llont condition. Call aftor 
5 p.m. 753-0668. (3/ 12) 
Nikonos 11 underwater camera 
with flash and custom close-4.lp 
lens. 5200.00 or best offer. Call 453· 
8692. (3112) 
BACK PACK. MEDIUM SIZE, 
FRAME ' LARGE PACK 520 OR 
BEST OFFER. J04 DISCOVERY. 
4SU38S, ASK FOR NORA. (3im 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st, 

PAYS DONORS 
lor services 
Tue5. thru Sat. 

233 - 8328 

..........•........... 

,.u .. wlt ... ~ 
sonsual & thlrapeutlc 

WATERBEDS 
~,'o ~ fO(l. 

"'.,0\ ~ "0$""0 

I KIN~f( fSS' \SIf.~O SIZE He.lthful, ••• fful $I •• , 
I The Waterhole ~....... 4212 110-'61 1 II Col... .....,. ..................•..... 

cLAsslFIEDs 
Travel 

EUROPE: 1225·12.0. Also 
ISRAEL and JAPAN Spring 
and Summlr flights ayallable 
call 755·3990 after 5 p.m., or 
wrltl E.S.E.P.-UCSD 1217 
Bevlrly Blvd., Los AnglleS, 
C.lif. (51 11) 
Europe charters. 50 DePllr· 
tures, also from N.Y., Africa, 
India, Israel. 60% Off. FrH 
info : EASC, 323 N. Bevlrly Dr., 
Beverly Hills, C.lIf., 90210. 
Phone : (213) 276-6293. (5/11) 

FREE HAMSTERS, MALE AND 
FEMALE, GOLDEN VARIETY. 
FIVE WEEKS OLD. CALL 4SJ.. 
6552. (3/12) 
Malestudlnts PIIrtl full tlml, S3 
hr. plus scholarship. C.II 224-
2164. (R) 
la Jolla evltom home. Ocean view. 
lie yard. $500 per _th, year 
.... $900 per month aumlNf. 
Owner, 453-6310. (3/ 121 
..... on Wednesday March 3rd In .he 
South aovelle Parkl,. &.t. hMnce 01 
Chi_ Civililatlen Iy Dun J U. 

(3/91 
Europe Jet Charter Flights. Wanted: a good condition flut • . Will 
Spring Special. March 30 thru pay up to $25 for it. Contact Bonnett 
June 15 - 5268. Plus full at 453-1613. (3 / 12) 
summer program. Call Leslie 
582-9098 after 5. ( R) 

5269 RT LA to Europe ' I 16 to 
91 15 or 6/ 30 to 9/ 8 
Large Savings 0" cars and 
cha r ter flights to Israel , 
Greece, other countries. 
Prof. Bentler UC. (213) 277-5200 
cl 0 Sierra Travel of Beverly 
Hills 9875 Santa Monica Blvd ., 
Los Angeles, 90212 (3/ l~)_ 
Eu rope Cha rters - Severa I 
schedules from 5250 roundtrip, 
5150 one way. Coordinator : 
Professor Margaret Paal 247 
Roycroft, Long Beach. 90103. 
213-438-2179. (31 12) 

MEN of all trades to NORTH 
SLOPE, ALASKA, and the 
YUKON, arCUld 52800.00 a month. 
For complete information write to 
Jab Research, P.O. Box 161, Stn-A, 
Toronto, Ontario. Enclose 53 to 
cover cost. (5111) 
CHEAPEST FLIGHTS TO 
EUROPE. Charters thr~t 
Europe, ASia, Africa, Israel, and 
New York. LAX/LON/LAX/ April 
3-11 , 5158.00 RT. Eurail passes 
student i.d . cards, A.I.S. 9OS6 Santa 
Monica Blvd_ Los Angeles, 90060, 
(213) V4-8742. (419) 

Personals . 
RIDE WANTED 
Students nood ride to ea.t coa.t area 
(Now York) at ",Ing broak. Around 
March 22. Will shore gas .xponse. 
Please contact Judy Ia.sock 411-
4090 (3/ 12) 
Wishing to do part or fun tim. baby-
sitting for a toddlor on tho campus 
Man-Fri for companlonlhip with a 
two year old girl. R... Dean Apt. 
Muir Call any timo 4 53~50 4. ( 3/ 9) 
Want penon(s) to drive car to 
Florida. Driver pays gas 454-
0'41 or 418-7381 . <31 12) 
Rocm with twin bids, priva te 
baths and entry, rlfrigerator .• No 
cooking. Available 3/19. S5S per 
person or SlOO as single. 8SS3 EI 
Paseo Grande La Jolla, 454-1946. 
(3/13) 
FLIGHT INSTRUCTION FOR 
PRIVATE, COMMERCIAL, 
INSTRUMENT AND MULTI· 
ENGINE RATINGS 55 PER 
HOUR. BUZZ~. (3/30) 
CONSIDERING ALASKA???? 
ACCURATE, COMPREHENSIVE 
BROCHURE ABOUT 
OPPORTUNITIES IN 
CONSTRUCTION, OIL, FISHING 
AND CANNERIES, OTHERS. 
SEND 52 CASH OR MONEY 
ORDER TO JOBS IN ALASKA 
P.O. BOX 1565 ANCHORAGE 
ALASKA. 99501 . 
(3112) 

LOST: WHITE LEATHER COAT 
AT REVELLE THURSDAY 
MARCH 4th CONTACT JAMOA 
4S3.m4 REWARD. 
(3112) 
Roommat. wanted: prefer grer.! or 
older. Oceanfront, .wn room and 
bath $70 pot month til Juno 15th. 
755-6006. (3/ 121 

LOST Black Miniature Poodle 
on Kellogg Beach or near L3 
Jolla Shores area. Has slightly 
gray goatee under chin : named 
" Pons ." Lost late Sun . eveninq 
or Mon . morning . 2·year-01d so 
is anxious to get his playma' 
back. " found , please conta 
Chuck carver at 454-42'4 day, t 
453-6835 night . 
NEED GIRL Roaw.\ATE Tl 
SHARE A LARGE HOUSE It. 
DEL MAR WITH THREE (3) 
GIRLS FIREPLACE, PIANO, 
A'ND A SMALL GARDEN RENT 
n.so MONTH CALL 755·7621 
AROUND DINNERTIME. (3112 

Services 
AVOID INCOME TAX HASSLE! 
Precise 1_ Tax Service 24 Hours, 
pur home, or our office, save 
_y, 295· 1717. (4/ 31 

SHI'AHOY 
RESTAURANT 
ANDIHIIAI 

FISH • CHIPS, SHRIM' 
+ CHICKEN 

5Oconll Off ON ANY ORDER 
WlTHTHISAD 

141 LOMAS SANTA FE 
SOIANAIlAOt (3/ 1: 

7$$-3401 
W. teach muaic-tultar (folk. blue 
rock I Flut. 5-.tri", banjo. sito 
tabla. oIoctric ba.. rocorct.r, aul 
harp. Call 'aulor Dobltio 755-7454 

(3/ 12 
Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 

Try James Automotive Servic 
American and Foreign Car 
Repairs and Pollution Contro 
Student Discount 7748 Hersch! 
La Jolla (In the rear) 459-911 

(R 
HEART HOUSE 
SPECIAL DINNER FOR TWO 
MON·SAT. TOP SIRLOIN S4.9S 
INC SALAD, POTATO, BREAl 
SERVED FROM 5PM. 
WE HONOR MASTER CHARGE 
AND BANK AMERICARD. 

DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Servici on Schedule. Modes' 
RatlS. Satisfaction Is the 
product. Hlltn 459-"8 (R) 
Typlnt - for accuratl 
on Ilectric pica - tlrm 
theSIS, manuscripts, ltc, 
Mrs . McCroskey 217-1607. 

yping ... Explrilnc 
1st, .. Term Pllllln, 
Ellctric typewritlr . Will 
rush lobs. 453-6135. 

FINALS SPECIAL 
LITI'LEC'. 

LARG E OR X-TRA 
PIZZA 

seCENTS OFF 
WITH THIS AD 

GOOD THRU MARCH I. 

(R 

UU455 (3 . 

NOIl'tZINVDHO 1l:lOHd 


