
., 

.triton ti 
v .... '2, " .... ,. IItlvtrslty .f C,""",i., S •• Di.,. Frioy, J.n".ry 2', If" 

Scripp's handsome new octopus sports some of .bis ZOO sucking discs as be flails away in captivity at 
tbe aquarium. Eacb disc reportedly exerts four ounce of pressure. (See Bits and Pieces on page 3) 

Coston, Hirst Convicted; 
9 Remain to be Tried 

frank Phillips 
Staff Writer 

Bruce Coston, a former 
UCSD student, was convicted 
late Monday afternoon of three 
mi demeanor offenses in 
con nection with hi s 
participation in campus 
protests last pring. In the 
same trial Jim Hirst, a former 
UCSD student now attending 
City College, was convicted of 
two offenses and acquitted on a 
third charge. 

Coston was found guilty of 
battery on Revelle College 
Dean Tom Hull , wearing a 
mask while committing a 
crime, and interfering with 
publi c officials in the 
performance of their dyties. 

Hirst was convicted of 
battery on campus police 
officer Conrad Grayson and 
obstructing public officers in 
the performance of their 
duties. He was aquitted of a 
charge of disturbing the peace 
by using vulgar and obscene 
language in a loud and 
belligerent manner in the 
presence of women and 
children. 

Jury Deliberates Two HOlirs 
The verdict came two hours 

after the week-long trial was 
recessed for the jury to 
deliberate. The trial had been 
marked by several incidents 
involving clashes between the 
defendants and Judge Charles 
Snell. During jury selection the 
first two days of the trial Judge 
Snell repeatedly told the 
defendants to ask only 
questions related to the 
charges against them. The 
defendants contended that the 
charges against them had to be 
viewed in the context of their 
objectio ns to Defense 
Department funding research. 

During testimony by 
prosecuting witnesses the 
Judge admonished Hirst to ask 
only questions about the 
charges and not make inquiries 

into the witnesses' knowledge 
of research on campus. 
Campus policeman Conrad 
Grayson testified that during 
the first sit-in in Building 2A-
prime last Spring Jim Hir t hit 
him in the mouth twice. 

Revelle College Dean Tom 
Hull testified that on May 11 he 
attempted to follow a group of 
students into Building 2A-

prim~. The students were 
wearing paper sacks over their 
heads in an apparent attempt 
to avoid identification. Hull 
testified that after he had gone 
through a door on the stairwell 
he was shoved. Hull removed 

the mask of the person who 
allegedly hit him and identified 

. the person as Bruce Coston. 
Former Associate Dean Lynn 
Na ibert testified that he 
witnessed the attack. 

The defense called eight 
witnesses, all students or 
former students. Hirst and 
Coston conducted their own 
defense after firing their court-
appointed attorney on the first 
day of the trial. Hirst told the 
TRITON TIMES that he felt 
the attorney was trying to 
make a "deal" with the City 
Attorney's Office. 

continued on page 11) 

York Considers Chancellorship 
Rose DeCosta 
Stoff Writer 

Acting Chancellor Herbert York has decided that he wouldn't 
mind holding his current position permanently. In fact, he 
would like to continue on 8S chancellor for UCSD. 

This is a major shift, since York indicated last Summer when 
he was asked to be acting chancellor that he would only hold 
the positi9n temporarily. He said he was interested in doing 
other things, such as writing his book, but would defer from 
them. 

Now, York says, " I've gotten myself immersed in the job 
and find it an interesting and satisfying job. I'm now not 
adamantly opposed to the idea of continuing on, as I've become 
interested in what I am doing." 

Feeling that the SAN DIEGO EVENING TRIBUNE and 
KOGO News were misleading in their supposit ion of his 
changes in plans, York states, "I'm not officially running for 
the job but am interested in it. However, it is my 
understanding that there are several very qualified persons 
running for the position." 

York says that he is not running for the chancellor hip, but if 
the Regents wished for him to continue with the job, he would . 

Regent Higgs was .questioned in regards to thi and he 
refused to comment on the issue due to his involvement with 
the Chancellor's Search Committee. He did, however, say that 
the Regents are aware of York 's interest in the po ition. 

President Charles Hitch when questioned as to whether he 
would sway the Regent toward a vote for York at the 
February meeting of the Board of Regents remarked, "This is 
something I must first di cus with the Regent and not 
publically. Therefore I have no comment: 'Earlier thi month, 
before York's change of decision, Hitch felt that a new 
chancellor would be named at the February meeting and 
remarked that the search bad been narrowed to "one or more" 
persons. 

Scripps Research Proves 
Sea Floor is Spreading 

Bobbie fink 
Stoff Writer 

"The floor of the Pacific has moved further in 
your lifetime than you 've grown! " exclaimed 
Dr. Anthony Pimm, a research geologist with 
the Deep Sea Drilling Project (DSDP ) at 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography. 

" Proof of the theory of Sea Floor spreading 
and that the continents were at one time 
connected was one of several important 
objectives of the DSDP," said Pimm in a 
recent interview with the TRITO TIMES. He 
explained that if you look at a map of the world , 
it appears that Africa and South America, 
Europe and orth America could all fit together 
as one big land mass. Until the 1940' 
discussions of this theory were based on the 
similarity of fos i1s and the resemblance of rock 
types found on opposite sides of the Atlantic. 
Discussions were also based on the similaritie 
of the continents' coastlines. 

Magnetic Field Rever es 
In the 1950's scienti ts di covered that the 

atoms of rocks become aligned in the direction 
of the earth 's magnetic field at the time that the 
rocks are formed . Measurements have shown 
that the earth's magnetic field has rever ed 
itself many times in the past and that the 
position of the magnetic pole has changed with 
respect to the continents, Pimm explained . 

He added that the position of the poles varies 
from continent to continent for certain geologic 
periods. This suggests, he said, that the 
continent!! have shifted their relati\'e positions. 

"The theory of sea floor spreading explains 
the movement of the continents and what 
happens to the oceanic crust as the continents 
move," noted Pimm. He explained that the 
project's ship, the Glomar Challenger, drilled a 
series of holes on either ide of the Mid-Atlantic 
Ridge , a " mountain range" beneath the surface 
of the Atlantic located about half way between 

the Americas and the European and African 
continents. 

upport for Continental Drift 
"The rock that was found nearest to the 

continents was the oldest rock found , and that 
found near the mill-Atlantic Ridge was the 
youngest found, thus supporting the theory," 
said Pimm. 

Pimm further explained, "As the oceanic 
crust moves away Hom the ridge crust, hot 
molten material from the center of the earth 
comes up through the center of the Mid-Atlantic 
Ridge to replace it. " He likened this to the 
action of volcanic lavas pouring out of fissures 
in the earth. He also mentioned that the oldest 
rocks so far found in the ocean were between 160 
million and 200 million years old. The oldest 
rocks found on land are three and a half billion 
years old , he said . 

"The continents in the Atlantic are moving 
apart at a rale of about two inches a year, those 
in the Pacific are moving apart at a rate of 
about five to six inche a year ," Plmm said. He 
declared , .. A palm tree on one of the I land in 
the Pacific is moving faster horizontally than it 
is growing vertically each year ! ,. 

You might a k yourself if it is pos ible that 
the continents may collide some day. According 
to Pimm, it is not only pos ible, but there is 
reasonable evidence to believe that it has 
already happened several tim s. Plmm said it 
is believed that mountain range like the Alps 
and Himalayas were formed by the impact of 
continents colliding. Fos ils that have been 
found in many of the mountain ranges are 
similar to those found in the ocean, thus leading 
scientists to believe that the mountain ranges 
were once a part of the ocean floor , said Pimm. 

Plate Tectonic Explain Trenche 
Collisions between " crustal plates" are also 

thought to have cau ed the deep trenches which 
are on either side of the continents, said Pimm. 

(continued on page 11 ) 

::r·:·:·:·:·:::·:·:·:·:·:·:;:::::~::::·:·:::·::::·::::::.:.::::::::.:::::;;.:.::::::;:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.::.:.:.:·:·:·:·:<·:·:·::·:·~ll 
::: We, tbe undersigned, have witnes ed with government to recognize tbat its pre ent ::: 
::: anguisb and dismay tbe struggle of tbe Jews treatment of Jews is morally intolerable and ::: 
::: in tbe Soviet Union for national survival. politically deleteriou . ::: 
. . Let tbo e Jews wbo 0 de ire leave for .. 
::: We believe tbat tbis struggle is not Israel of tbe land of their choice and let tho e ::: 
:::: directed against tbe Soviet Union but it is a who remain attain fuUillment of tbeir rights ::: 
:::: struggle for tbeir Jewish identity and their to perpetuate tbeir Jewish faitb and culture. :::' 
:::: bUllUln rigbts. Dr. Richard Popkin - Philosophy ::: 
:::: We have followed tbe recent trials of Jew Dr. Avrum Stroll- Philo opby ::: 
:::: in the Soviet Union and we are deeply Judge Roger Ruffin ::: 
:::: troubled by reports tbat the Soviet Union Dr. Jacob Bronowski - Salk Institute ::: 
:::: intends to proceed with its trial of Soviet Dr. S. J . Inger - lSioiogy ::: 
:::: Jews. Dr. Leonard Newmark - Lingui tic :::. 
:::; In tbe name of tbe highest moral principle Dr. Fredric Jame on - Frencb Literature :::: 
:::: and legitimate buman rights, in the name of Dr. Herbert Marcu e - Pbilosopby :::: 
:::: wbicb we have protested actions of our own Dr. Edward Klima - Lingui tics :::' 
:::; governments, we appeal to tbe Soviet Dr. Roy Harvey Pearce - Literature :::; I 8 Profs Send T elegrom to USSR !Ii 
:::: Rose DeCosta Popkin pointed out that in Dr. Avrum troll , who ha :::' 
:::: Stoff Writer the la t couple of month , the been makmg a careful tudy::: 
::;: Ru s ian made matters of what i happening in :::: 
:::: A group composed of eight wor by arresting Jews, Russia , feel that " the :::: 
:::' UCSD professor and two ituation is really wor than :::: 
:::' others recently ent Ru ian charging them with variou what is depicted by th pre s. :::: 
::: Amba ssador Anotol y political crime , and It i a heer indication of::: ~::' Dob r y n ina te leg ram entencing them to death or prejudice and persecution." ::: 
::: protesting Rus ian treatment to long prison terms. Only troll ' conc rn i not only::: 
::: of Jews worldwid prote t and th with the Jewi h ituation but ::: 
::: Dr. Richard Popkin of the expre ion of this protest with the whole id a of ::: 
::: Philosophy Department , through the new media repre sion in the oviet ::: 
, cau ed the Ru ian to • 
::: organizer of the group, said reverse th death nt nce . nion. He ovi t ociety::: 
::: that an ad in the NEW YORK .1 a " monolithic and ::: 
::: TIMES pon red by 5000 The group hoped to arou lIppre ive iety where ::: 
::: con c ern e dAm e ric a n further worldwide concern fre dom of p hand ::: 
'. over ~ Ru ian - Jewi h • 
::: profe sor prompted him to • ituation. Profe r S. J . rreedom d.?,f 1M or are ::: 
:.: nd the telegram. inger of the Biology :.: :~: The group decried the De part men t tat d . a an :~; 
::: oppression of the Jewi h "Remi ion of tit death evil pia e nd r ~ls that ::: 
::: population in Rus ia. The nt nce how that th radical change h uld t;"ke ::: 
::: Jew have been prevented Ru ian ar n itiv to plac . " I h pe t e are ::: 
::: from emigrating to Israel and world opinion . Th f' pon ive to our requ t , a::: 
::: are unable to carryon their worldwide public pr tit are onl u ing the J w ;:: 
::: culturallife. there is, th better." as ho tag ." ::: 

:~::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.!.:.:;:.:.:.:;:.:.:.:.:::.:.:::.:.:::::.:.::::.:::: ••••• :.:.: ••••••• :.:.:;:::::;:::.:::::::::.::::::»:::::::.:::~:.:~.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.~: •••• :,,~:.:.:.:.~.:.:.:.:.:.::: 



· , -

Liberty Bell Bomb Plot · Suspect Speaks Here 

THERE'S 
SOMETHING 
BREWING 
by I«cI Dudley-Phipps 

Hopland is buzzing with 
excitement now that the 
long-awaited fwelveounce 
can of KING 
SNEDLEY'S 
BEER is on 
the market. 

For mon ths 
the King and 
his advisors 
had pondert'd 
tht' problem of 
introducing 
the new can to the public, but 
it was the King himself who 
came up with the perfect in-
troduction: "Hi folks, I'd like 
you to meet my new 12 ounce 
beer can." 

Speakillg of artisa'ls, Pedro 
Von Senortx, tile famolls HOII -
land s(lIll'tor has jllsl (ompleled 
his tllird bllst of QUEEN we-
LEE. Tilt first one lI'as good bllt 
the latest two are outstalldiug! 

* * *. Workers 
on Canning 
line 6 allhe 

KING 
SNEDLEY 
BREWERY 
this week 

held a going 
•• _ ..... _-.J away party 

for fellow 
employee 

Herman 
Twubbs. After 

thirty years 
on Canning 

line 6, Twubbs 
leaves next week for canning 
line 7. Good luck Twubbs! 

Latest rumor in Hopland is 
that a certain Prince has re-
cently been seen with you-
know-who, doing ... you 
guessed it

' 
On horseback too! 

Guests ~t the 
Snedley 
Palace .ue 
delighted 
to discover 
that 
PRIN-
CESS 

besides 
being ~ 
wonderful 
person, ~\;o 
has ~ run sharp wit . L~st 
wtek wh ~n an unfortunate 
employee was ~ttacked by a 
tiger in Ih alace courtyard, 
Fatoona I,r ke the stunned 
silence b} quipping: "What 's 
the m~lfer1 Cat got your 
tonguer' 

Well Ihafs It for now from 
HOPLAND, but this is Phipps 
remi nding you that I'll keep 
you up to datt' on theSnedleys 
and their beer that 's the 
YEAST I can do! 

Lord Dudley· Phipps 
Klnl Sftfdtf)'" 8ft. 1911 

Juliono Cinque 
Stoll Writer 

Next month, Steve Fraser 
will be tried for possession of, 
and intent to use, explosives. 
Speaking to UCSD students 
Tuesday night, he explained 
that authorities suspect him of 
belonging to an East Coast 
bomb-throwing conspiracy 
whose intent is to demolish 
national shrines. As a member 
of the Philadelphia branch, 
Fraser's alleged target shrine 
would have been the Liberty 
Bell. 

Fraser considers himself a 
frame-up victim of the 
Philadelphia police. Since his 
arrest he has been going 

around the country, organizing 
a National Commission of 
Inquiry, " to hear and judge 
evidence of police frame-up in 
the pending Philadelphia 
conspiracy trial. " 

Dressed in an olive green 
suit, with a dark blue tie, his 
hair combed away from his 
face, Fraser sat in one of the 
chairs of USB 4050A and led a 
discussion of the events of his 
arrest and trial. 

"Why did they say you 
wanted to blow up the Liberty 
Bell?" asked Michael Brown, a 
Revelle philosophy major. 

"Because I'm leftist, and 
leftists like to blow-up things 
dear to the heart of the 

American people, answered 
Fraser cynically. 

TeD OfftcerlCOaduct Search 
As for the actual arrest, on 

the night of April 9, 1969 ten 
officers of the Philadelphia 
police force entered the 
apartment shared by Steve 
Fraser and Dick Borgmann, 
who was also arrested, with a 
warrant to search for 
explosives. 

"They found DuPont RUle 
Powder, three lead pipes with 
caps, a can of plastic 
explosives, and a dynamite 
fuse," Fraser began, pushing 
back his glasses as he leaned 
forward in his chair. "I was in 
the house with two friends at 

ISRAELI NIGHT 
The sounds, the food and surroundings of the Middle East are 
presented tomorrow evening at UCSD. A well-known folk-dancer will teach 
his art, with Israeli food and drink offered through the evening. 
Israeli films will also be shown during the night's events. 
Saturday Night, 8:00 p·.m. Revelle Informal Lounge 

Enjoy yourself. 
The life you lead 
may be your own. 

If you enjoy your work, it 
shows. In your personal life 
and in the quality of the 
work itself. That's why we 
look for people who enjoy 
working with people. 
Helping people. Because 
that's what a bank is all 
about. 
At Security Pacific Bank 
we are proud of our 
contributions to the 
betterment of individual life. 
Assisting in all things that 
help people function better 
in areas connected with 
money. 

Now, what can we do for you? We give you training that 
exposes you to all phases of our banking operation. Then 
we give you the responsibilty that you need to prove 
your abilities. This system works so well that most of 
our people achieve a corporate officer's title anytime 
after 18 months. 
If you enjoy making decisions that make things happen, 
start now. Make an appointment to see our 
representative today. We'll be on campus 
Tuesday, February ·2. 

We are an equal opportunity employer. 

• NATIONAL BANK , SECURITY PACIFIC 

Page 2 Triton Times January 29,1971 

the time. I alone was permitted 
to watch the ten guys as they 
searched my house. Obviously, 
I couldn't keep an eye on all of 
them." 

Reporters from KYW, the 
largest TV station in 
Philadelphia, arrived ten 
minutes after the police. 
"Obviously, they'd been 
forewarned by the police, that 
this might be a good news 
story," commented Fraser. 

The films never show the 
police directly uncovering the 
explosives in the house. "The 
police surrounded the 
refrigerator, with their backs 
to the TV cameras. The 
evidence became apparent only 
when the pOlice turned 
around." 
Rillo Instigator of "Frame-

Up" 
Fraser then began to reveal 

some of the underlying forces 
behind his arrest. Frank Rizzo, 
the commissioner of the 
Philadelphia police , 
alternately rumored to be the 
next director of the FBI and the 
next mayor of Philadelphia, 
was the instigator of what 
Fraser termed, "a deliberate 
police frame-up." 

Rizzo has built a strong 
politica I following by 
constructing an image of 
himself as an honest cop. 
Fraser gave an interesting 
insight into one of the events 
that made Rizzo so popular. 

"In 1966-67 Rizzo busted the 
Revolutionary Action 
Movement for trying to put 
cyanide into the sandwiches of 
police on riot duty." However, 
Fraser explained, " the police 
department had infiltrated the 
existing organization, and , in 

p-----~--, ...... ".,.. 
_I , therapeutic 

WATERBEDS 
*"~ ~ "o~ 

'11.\0" Cf9 .. ~ ~ 
lloU, "dnHIud." HIe 

KING $5500 
SIZE 
........... 1, ........ st .. , 

The Waterbole 
....... 4212 
IIO-Ull II c:.t- ..... 

··---... --01 

this case, the infiltrators were 
the instigators. It sounds crazy, 
but Rizzo has built a political 
image around such events." 

As for the prosecution itself, 
"With us, they'll try their 
damnedest to stay away from a 
discussion of politics because 
they know how weak they are 
in this area. They are going to 
rely as much as they can on the 
simple case of discovery of 
explosives. We're college 
students. We obviously have no 
need to use explosives. " 

Once again, the question was 
asked, " Why did they pick you 
for the frame-up?' this time 
the only girl in the room. 
Panlclpatlon In Student Strikes 

" We ," said Fraser , 
(meaning the then SDS Labor 
Committee) " were in the 
leadership of the large student 
strike at Temple University 
and the University of 
Pennsylvania in February 
1969." The aim of the Labor 
Committee was to obtain low 
rent housing in ghetto areas of 
Philadelphia. Toward this end, 
the Labor Committee 
organized the strike with the 
Black Panther Party of 
Philadelphia. 

"What would you like us to do 
here in San Diego?" asked 
another student. 

"Get as many academics as 
you can to sign the petition 
concerning the National 
Caucus of Labor Committee," 
answered Fraser. 

The National Caucus of 
Labor Committees consists of 
respected figures in the 
intellectual and political fields. 
The aim of the committee is to 
arrive at an independent 
judgement of the police action 
in arresting of Fraser and 
Borgmann. 

UCSD is the last stop of 
Fraser's tour around the 
country. In California, he has 
already visited the Stanford, 
Berkeley, Davis, and ' UCLA 
campuses. 

Speaking afterwards about 
Fraser and the events that 
surrounded him, a Revelle 
senior commented, "The only 
question that remains is, why 
didn't he blow up the Liberty 
Bell?" 

DON'T TRUST YOUR MEMORY .•• 
TRUST ACTION·CORDER! 

Your world of sound is just as beautiful as 
your world of sight - when you have the 
right machine to capture it. And Sony's TC-
40 Action-corder is the sound machine! It's 
the world's finest miniature cassette re-
corder. With its sensitive built·in condenser 
mike you can pick up anything your ears 
can hear - at any distance. And like a cam-
era, the Model 40 Action-corder will pre-
serve all your memorable moments - as 
rewarding and enjoyable as your collection 
of photographs. So don't allow life's memor· 
able moments to slip by. Capture them 
forever with the Action-corder! 
It's only $99.95! 

SONYbJn:~ 
'abu IIe\U' heard it so JPMI. e 

la iolla music 
1128 wall 10 iolla 

459·3375 

Muir Students, -Faculty Express 
Views on Proposed Requirements 

80rbaro Simon 
Stoll Wriler 

Critical el8lJlination of Muir College philosophy and require-
ments at the open Muir College Council meeting on Monday has 
been beneficial, according to Provost John Stewart. Approxi-
mately 100 Muir students and faculty attended the meeting, 
which lasted over two h~, in the Northwest Dining Room. The 
Mandeville Suite Plan for changing college requirements, which 
the Muir College Council wrote, was described by Stewart. 

Don Bright, one of six students on the council, commented that 
the meeting was "extremely rewarding and stimulating." He 
said that it was the greatest proof that education can occur with-
out the "necessary academic direction" of a lecture. 

Participation EncouraglDg 
Both Don and Dlddo Clark, another student council member, 

were pleased that so many people came and contributed their 
opinions beca use the purpose of the meeting was to solicit feed-
back fr~m students and faculty. Although different questions 
were raised concerning the tentative proposals, a general 
agreement was reached that a change in requirements would be 
good. 

Several of the faculty agreed with this because they do not 
appreciate a situation in which students are forced to take their 
classes. It was felt that an "open marketplace" of classes could 
result in improved teaching, as students would have the free-
dom of choice in course selection. In other words, they would be 

Father (oats Ends 
Stay At U(SD 

Bruce Morden 
5/011 Writer 

The Reverend William R. Coats has been the 
Episcopal minister at UCSD since August 1969. 
HIS short stay terminated Jan. 20, 1971 when he 
left to take a new position at the University of 
Wisconsin at Mil waukee. 

When Father Coats came to UCSD his was one 
of the few positions available. For a period of 
time a position seemed to be opening up at 
UCLA, but it never quite materialized so Coats 
stayed at UCSD. 

able to drop any course that they did not like. 
Steve Clark presented a proposal to allow students the option 

of dropping any course without penalty. Also, a system which . 
encourages students to take courses in different fields was 
discussed as desirable. Don Bright saw exploring different 
courses as a risk which a less punitive grading system would 
mitigate. 

Students Would Assume Responsibility 
Ultimately, the students would have responsibility for their 

own education, Diddo said in her prepared statement. She felt 
that "if Muir College is to be truly educational, it must provide 
an atmosphere where subjects can become personal." Diddo's 
recommendation for handling increased freedom would be to 
have "more effective orientation and counseling," including 
greater use of upper-elassmen to acquaint freshmen with the 
University. 

The Muir College Council considers the support on Monday to 
be a sign to go ahead and formalize a proposal to present in 
February to the Muir faculty. In the event that a final draft is 
approved, it will then be submitted to the total UCSD faculty . 

Professor Peter Undsay, who is on the Muir College Council, 
plac'ed the relaxation of requirements in perspective: "It ~ o~y 
one step." He said that the college needs to go further WIth Its 
motivation to improve effectiveness. Lindsay continued that 
"good educational techniques" need to be developed, and it 
"takes time to discover the best mechanisms." He also felt that 
the open discussion on Mcnday was both useful and positive. 

Senate Calls for 
Classified Research 
Split from Education , 

The UCSD Academic Senate 
recently passed resolutions 
calling for dissociation of "all 
educational activities of UCSD 
from classified research". A 
second resolution supported the 
creation of funding institutions 
" through which public support 
for research and graduate 
education may be provided 
without reference to specific 
missions or applications." 

When asked about his most memorable 
occasion during his year-and-a-half stay, Father 
Coats answered without hesitation that the 
event had to be the Oceanside moratorium 
march. The moratorium held last year was 
sponsored by the Movement for a Democratic 
Military, but most of the coordinating was 
carried out by the San Diego-based Citizens 
Mobilization Committee. Father Coats was 
chairman of CMC at that time and was 
responsible for obtaining the march permit 
from the City of Oceanside. 

Reverend William R. Coats 

Both resolutions were passed 
as submitted by the Senate 
Special Committee on 
Research Supported by the 
Military as part of its report. 
The committee, formed "fter 
demonstrations against . war-
related research last Spring, 
presented its report to the 
Senate Monthly meeting 
Tuesday afternoon in the 
Humanities Library 
Auditorium. 

$%9,000 For Cleanup 
After the march Father Coats was presented 

a bill by the City of Oceanside for the clean-up 
and police supervision, which amounted to 
$29,000. Needless to say Father Coats never 
paid the bill, and still has the letter at home. It 
would be rather difficult for the city of 
Oceanside to bring legal charges as they would 
be breaking mutual aid agreements with 
several of the surrounding communities who 
helped in the march supervision. 

Faculty Activity "Low" 
"The faculty 's activity is very low except for 

a few individuals," states Coats. "There is a 
personal but not a united effort. The colleges 
fragment the faculty . They spend most of their 
time in their labs and offices where they are cut 
off from each other. This is hardly necessary." 
believes Father Coats, " but we seem to have 
the same academic pressures as any elite 
school. The administration makes this the most 
liberal campus I have ever heard of." 

Professor Paul G. Chapin, a 
dissenting committee member, 
moved to strike the word 
"educational" from the first 
motion because it permits 
"public service" research by 
faculty members. Arguing 
against the first resolution, 
Professor George Shur said it 
would "frustrate academic 
freedom " by denying grad 
students access to classified 
literature. Both resolutions 
were passed on voice votes by 
sizable majorities without 
amendment. 

Mystery Writer Will Visit on Monday 
Dr. Michael Crichton, biologist and author of the best-seIling 

science-fiction thriller The Andromeda Strain, will visit here 
on Monday. 

A summa cum laude graduate of Harvard, Crichton wro~ 
many of his novels while studying medicine at Harvard. HIS 
book A Case of Need, won an Edgar Award as best mystery of 
the year from the Mystery Writers of America. Hi~ latest novel 
is Dealing, or the Berkeley - to - Boston Forty -brIck Lost -bag 
Blues, which was written with his brother using the pseudonym 
Michael Douglas. 

Crichton is currently a postgraduate fellow at the Salk 
Institute doing basic research into the effects of bIOlogIcal 
breakthroughs on society. Much of his spare time is spent 
writing a screenplay in Los Angeles.. . 

Crichton will be holdmg mformal dISCUSSIOns Monday at 10 
a.m. and 4 p.m. in the Revelle Informal Lounge .. Monday night 
at 8:30 he will be speaking in the Revelle Cafeteria. 

Octo'pus Steals Show at Scripps 

Now competing for attention with a rare scythe butterflyfish 
on display in the Vaughan Aquarium-museum of Scripps 
Institution is a 5().pound Pacific octopus, a specimen rarely 
caught in local waters. (see picture on page 1) 

The octopus was caught by two fishermen rockfishing in 540 
feet of water off San Diego, and is the same species known, in 
its northern range, to reach at least 100 pounds and to have a 
spread of 30 feel. The Scripps specimen's spread is estimated 
at 10 to 12 feet. 

The species is well known in Washington and British 
Columbia, where it is common in shallow water along rocky 
shores, but it is rarely taken in southern California, where it is 
confined to deep water. 

The current specimen will be kept in a chilled water system 
at a temperature of about 55 degrees. Its feeding behavior and 
growth rate will be studied. 

What's in a Name? 

The name Lumumba-Zapala for a college has a pretty nice 
ring to it. But compared to Deganawidah - Quetzal.coatl 
University it's kind of bland. Deganawldah - Quetzalcoatl tS the 
nation's first American Indian - Chicano university and will 
begin classes near Davis on March 1. 

The new university, which is located on a 640-acre aband?ned 
Strategic Air Command base, and WIll be devoted exclUSIvely 
to Native American and Chicano studies. 

Astronomers Find Two Galaxies 
Hidden in Dust 

The surprising news that there are two m~v~ but previously 
undetected galaxies.right in our own galactic neighborhood has 
been reported by two Berkeley astronomers, grad student 
Robert Landau and Professor Hyron Spinrad. The galaxies were 
overlooked by astronomers because they are almost entirely 
obscurred by dust clouds in our own Milky Way. The new 
galaxies appear to be about three million light. years from ~e 
earth They are designated at present as Maffei 1 and MaffeI 2, 
after Paolo Maffei, the Italian astronomer who reported finding 
two strange "objects" in infrared photographs he made. 

Landau was struck by Maffei 's research note because the 
"objects" could be seen in a region so congested ~th dust. ~ 
they were actually shining through this heavy veil of dust, It 
seemed that they might be much larger and brighter than they 
appeared to be. New infrared photographs by ~daU and Spin-
rad revealed unmistakable traces of the elliptical shape and 
spoke-like arms of large galaxies. 

Becallse of the march and his other political 
activities Father Coats was opposed by many 
local Episcopalians who felt that these 
activities were not a part of his job as minister. 
Most of the complaints went directly to the 
bishop, according to Father Coats. 

"I recall one from a gentleman from Christ 
Church in Coronado who, 'denounced, deplored, 
and condemned ' my activities." 

Men like George Murphy and William McGill, 
Father Coats feels , have made UCSD such a 
liberal institution. They are more willing to 
solve 'student problems, and the overall 
harrassment of any group is less than on other 
campuses. 

But Father Coats does point out what he feels 
to be a weakness. " In situations such as 
Cambodia and People 's Park, even the most 
liberal administration is caught in an 
administrative bind. The perrogatives of the 
institution come before other concerns. In 
troubles over defense grants and overt 
demonstrations there is a responsibilty to the 

institu~ion . They explain their stand in terms of 
academic freedom and the progress of Western 
civilization, both of which are self-justifying. 
The liberal administration reveals the crisis of 
our lime. I don't criticize for it." explains 
Father Coats in conclusion, "They are just 
caught in the administrative bind, but I wonder 
if they could ever leave the responsibility of the 
institution in favor of another concern." 

Students Make Film on Winne Tragedy 
Bisbop Transmits COmplaints 

Father Coats stated that he seldom received 
complaints from individuals, but always second 
hand from the bishop. He feels that it was these 
letters, in part, that kept him from filling the 
posi lion a t UCLA. 

When quizzed concerning his church 
involvement on campus he said that very few 
students came to him as the Episcopal minister. 
"My activities were more political , which was 
somewhat unfortunate. - There is a general 
confusion among people concerning their own 
religious convictions. "Most of the students, 
Father Coats feels , "are looking at a dimension 
beyond 'what will I do with Iife~ ' " 

"They are asking ancient and traditional 
questions which are not generally answered at 
the parish level," states Father Coats. He feels 
that the students are looking for something 
deeper. 

Father Coats described UCSD by commenting 
on various aspects of the campus. 

"The students are bright ," he declares. " You 
would have to come from North carolina to feel 
this. Students In North Carolina are more 
provincial. 

Sendl,"e" 
and columns to 

Editorial Director; 
TIlTON TIMES 
117 Blake Hall 

UGD 

Rose DeCosto 
Stoff Writer 

Those who attended UCSD last Spring Quarter 
find it difficult to forget the death of George 
WlruIe, the graduate student who set himself 
ablaze protesting the war. In order to perpetuate 
his memory, a group of students are in the 
process of making a short commemorative film 
of his life. 

Headed by Wayne Dick, the group hopes to 
point out that out of the thousands of ways of 
expressing some sort of "vague insanity," 
George Winne significantly chose suicide. Dick 
says, " It isn't Just a story of a madman, but also 
of the war issues. Winne was only an eJtreme 
case." 

According to Dick, the film will be half-
documentary. It will be an infonnational film 
abolt the war, war sentiment, and the impact 
that that sentiment had on America through the 
action of one perlOn-George Winne. Dick says, 
"I certainly can't doubt his conunitment." 

The fUm is still in the planning stage. Dick 
says the group is not certain what form they will 
use in the fibn-making, but about 100 pages have 

been written on the subject for various scenes 
and settings. " It is just a matter of sorting the 
material out," he says. 

The group is trying to get the associated 
student body to help foot some of the costs en-
tailed in the film making. Onion Skin Flicks have 
also said they may help. 

When asked how Winne would be depicted, 
Dick replied, "With use of very descriptive 
monologues, we wish to show what a lonely 
person George Winne was. When I looked at him 
while he was still alive, I wouldn't think he would 
commit suicide. Looking back on it now, I can 
say, of course I S?mething like that was bound to 
happen. I really think he was dedicated. Though 
he always wanted to, he never went to any 
protests. He was alWayS talking about his }gneli-
ness. Somehow he knew he was going to die but I 
don 't think he really knew what death entailed." 

The idea of such a film sprang-up last quarter 
but work didn t start on It lIItil the Chri.>tmas 
break. Actors have been tentatively chosen for 
the parts, but Dick noted that they were still 
casting for peclII~e . Presently the group is ac-
tively searching for persons who were at the 
scene when Winne died. 

Triton Times January 29, 1971 Page 3 



Lock of F nds Puts Lit 
Teacher Rehiring in Doubt 

Kathy Rust 
Stoll Writ~ 

There Is a definite possibility 
that Dr. Eleanor Widmer of the 
UCSD Department of Utera-
ture will not be teaching at 
UCSD nen year. 

Dr. Widmer has not been in-
formed that she will be rehired 
next year, nor that she will not 
be rehired. She feels now is the 
time of year when such an-
nouncements are usually made. 

According to Robert Elliott, 
chairman of the Uterature ' De-
partment, "it is not a question 
of firing Dr. Widmer. The 
problem Is that there is no 
money." Elliott states that Dr. 
Widmer's salary has come from 
"soft money," that is, money 
which has been made available 
when faculty members take' 
sabbaticals or leaves of ab-
sence. 

Elliott says that two members 
of the department are now away 
on Guggenheim Fellowships 
and that he hopes that next year 
there will be other people away 
on fellowships. However, "there 
is some threat that the de-
partment will not be able to 
keep this money next year." 

Elliott stressed that Dr. Wid-
mer is not the only faculty 
member who is maintained on 
"soft money." "There are 
several other teachers who are 
supported on a similar basis." 

In Elliott's opinion, "our de-

TOKYO 
TAIPEI 
HONG KONG 
ROUNDTRIP 

CONNECTING fliGHTS TO 
SINGAPORE. MANILA. BANGKOK. 

SEOUL AND (ALCunA. 

MANY 
FLIGHTS 

TO 
CHOOSE 

fROM 

Fot information 
(all or wri te: 
flight Commin" 
P.O. 1.0 2549 
St,.I,rd, C,lil. 943(1S 
101. (41S, '''·2m 

Na me ..... . . . 

Re.ourcefuln e .. 
p'ychology, becoming 
illu", ph ilosophy 
children '. boo'" 
f iction , poetry 
educationol . 
joy 

partment wants very strongly 
to keep Dr. Widmer." He added, . 
"If the money is available next 
year, she will be rehired." 

Dr. Elliott objected to several 
of the statements made in a 
TRITON TIMES opinion article 
of January 26, a letter in which 
five teaching assistants pro-
tested the failure of the Utera-
ture Department to rehire Dr. 
Widmer. He says, "it is simply 
not true that 'the quality of 
teaching is not taken into 
consideration when academic 
appointments are made or re-
viewed.''' He says that the 
department makes frequent use 
of questionnaires and letters 
from students when considering 
promoting and rehiring faculty 
members. 

As to why women are not ade-
quately represented in the 
Uterature Department faculty, 
Dr. Elliott countered that "we 
are now in the process of 
making offers to two women 
and have made other offers to 
women in the past." 

Muir Provost John Stewart 
said that he has received no 
information from either the 
Uterature Department or from 
Dr. Widmer that she will not be 
rehired so, therefore, he could 
not make a statement. 

Stewart commented, "I am 
aware of the fact that she is an 
extremely effective teacher, 
and I have told the Literature 
Department so many times. I 
admire her work and would be 
extremely pleased if she will 
teach at Muir for a long, long I 
time." 

Dr. Paul Saltman, Revelle 
provost, reiterated Provost 
Stewart's praise for Dr. Wid-
mer. He said that she has 
always received " rave re-
views" from students. In his 
opinion, the reason why she 

rJ ~!1pt1i~t" 
25( BEER 
entertainment 

nightly 
Silverado & Fay 

La Jolla 

U.S. & Foreign 
paperback. 
m.a8Qzine, 

pone,. 
record. 

C1Jrd. 

I ARTH.SONG , 
BOOK STORE 

1440 Camino del Mor Del Mor 755·4254 

HA PPINESS is lea rn ing about 
tIi m- from four who knew Him. We 
ga th e r at 9 :45 a . m., unda y, at 
Gen e and f iramar. For info rma· 
t io n a nd rid - c all Linda -
27 l·19 ~5. 

Pl ge 4 Triton Times Jl nulry 29, 1971 

EleaDor Widmer 

may not be rehired "certainly 
could not be because she is not 
an effective teacher." 

Saltman suggested that al-
though "funds are not tucked 
away in little corners waiting to 

be found," concerned students 
should make their views known 
to Dr. Elliott, "in a personal 
way." He added, "This is where 
student power is, not in waving 
banners around the plaza." 

Personality Profile 
How often do you discuss Dos-

toevsky over breakfast? How 
about D. H. Lawrence or 
Kafka? If not, then you must 
never have eaten breakfast in 
the household of Dr. Eleanor 
Widmer, a member of the UCSD 
Department of Literature. 

Dr. Widmer is not solely a 
connoisseur of literature, how-
ever ; she is also a published 
author of literary anthologies 
and novels in her own right. 

Mister Jack, her first novel, 
appeared in 1964 as part of the 
trilogy Three, 1964, published 
by Random House. Mister Jack, 
a partly autobiographical tale 
of a Jewish garment worker in 
New York, was widely ac-
claimed by the New York Times 
Book Review, the New York 
Herald-Tribune, and the Satur-
day Review, to name a few. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD. BANK 
327 F st. 

PA YS DONORS 
for services 
Mon. thru Sat. 

233 - 8328 

Dr. Widmer has taught litera-
ture at UCSD since the Fall 
Quarter of 1969. She prefers to 
teach upper.<Jivision courses 
based on a broad theme. For ex-
ample, the course she is 
teaching this quarter, Litera-
ture 190, is a seminar dealing 
with the Literature of war 
between World War I and the 
bombing of Hiroshima. Next 
quarter she will teach a lower 
division course entitled "Civili-
U1tion and Its Discontents," 
which will consider "the im-
position of civilization upon the 
hwnanistic strivings of man." 

Dr. Widmer was educated at 
Colwnbia University, where she 
received her Master's degree in 
history. She earned a Ph.D. in 
literature from the University 
of Washington. Her husband, 
Kingsley Widm~r, is a Literary 
critic as well as a professor of 
Literature at San Diego State 
College. She has two sons: 
Matthew, 15, and Jonah, 11. 

At present Dr. Widmer is 
writing a long novel which takes 
place in the 1950's and deals 
with the question of identity. 

When she is not writing or 
teaching literature, Dr. Widmer 
likes to paint. She is an avid 
jogger, and she and her 
husband enjoy jogging on the 
beach at La Jolla Shores after 
class. 

If you can drive it, 
weill insure it 

for less. 
No maHer what you drive - from a conservative Volkswagen to a radi. 

cal hot rod - we can save you money on your car i nsu~ance. 
College Student Insurance ServICe has been working with the Auto 

Insurance Industry for 5 years to prove that college students deserve 
lower rates on their car insurance. Now, if you're an ASSOCiated Student 
member, you can get Group Discounted Auto Insurance at an average sav· 
Ings of 48% in California. Plus, you can continue your coverage after 
you 're out 01 school. 

For a personal quote. call CSIS today. 

We feel that you shouldn 't have to pay more to insure your car than you 
did to buy it. 

5090 College Ave. 
583·9393 

C.S.I.S. We're on your slcle. 
'------------------

the other 8 
Santa Barbara-Peace Treaty Signed With 

North Vietnam 

Becca Wilson, a UCSB student and former editor of UCSB's 
student newspaper, was one of 15 students visiting North Viet-
nam as part of the National Student Association Delegation. The 
delegation, which included 10 student body presidents and two 
former campus newspaper editors, went on the trip in order to 
sign a peace treaty with the students of Vietnam. The group had 
originally planned to visit both North and South Vietnam, but 
when it was learned that they were going to the North they were 
refused a visa for South Vietnam. 

The trip was the result of three months of correspondence 
between the delegation, representatives of the South Vietnam 
National Students Union, the North Vietnam National Students 
Union, and the South Vietnam Liberation Students Union. A 
common peace treaty was written and agreed to by the three 
Vietnamese groups and the American.s. The docwnent will be 
submitted to a wide range of organizations in the U.S. and 
Vietnam for ratification. 

Berkeley-Students to Vo te on Voluntary 
ASVC Fees 

A petition signed by 1400 students calling for the elimination of 
compulsory ASUC fees has resulted in the scheduling of a vote 
on the matter during the Spring ASUC elections. The signatures 
were collected by a group called Students for Voluntary ASUC 
Fees. A spokesman for the group said the purpose of the volun-
tary fees would be to make the ASUC "more responsive" to the 
students. 

ASUC President Craig Fenech has attacked the proposal. 
"Since when is a body that has no money more responsive than 
one that does? If this thing passes, we wouldn't have the money 
for any of our commWlity projects. Many of the services we now 
offer we couldn't handle." He continued that he did not feel that 
the USB fee of seven dollars was that exorbitant. 

Los Angeles-Suit Filed Against LAPD 

Thirteen faculty and students at UCLA filed suit in U. S. 
District Court this week against the UlS Angeles Police 
Department. The suit was filed on behalf of the entire student-
faculty community at UCLA, charging that "information 
gathering and the maintenance of files on lawful campus activi-
ties" of students and faculty "violate the rights of free speech 
and association as well as the rights guaranteed by the first, 
fourth, fifth, 'sixth, ninth and fourteenth amendments to the U.S. 
Constitution. " 

The suit is being filed to stop the LAPD from assigning under-
cover agents to classes at UCLA. The suit alleges that two such 
agents participated in demonstrations last February protesting 
Oticago Conspiracy convictions. One of the agents had joined 
SOS and served on a steering committee within that organiza-
tion. Both later served as witnesses in proceedings concerning 
the demonstrations. The suit is seeking $1 million in damages 
from the LAPD. 

Stop Smoking! 
The moking-Research .u n it can he lp you. 

ContacL Glenn Kjos. UCSD Psychology Department, 
Room 4110, Psych. Ling Building. 2C, Muir Campus 
or phone 453·2000, extension 2118, Monday, Feb-' 
ruary 1, 9:00 a.m.-5 :00 p.m. for further information. 

The American Premiere 
IIOW playing thru f~ru.ry 14 (nightly •• c.pl MOil.) 

THE FACE OF VIOLENCE 
by J. Bronowski 

a probing drama of a young man 
obsen ed with 0 deli,. for justice 

SAVE UP TO 5O%-Studl nls $1.50 U Cl pt Sat. Eve. 

.. ..... 

239·2255 1M< _ 

JIM SILLS 
The politician as recluse 

Jim Sills has been active in campus 
politics since 1967, workin,g for the 
Students for Responsible Action and the 
Leaflet Coalition, among others. For the 
past two years, he has been a frequent 
contributor to DIMENSION, a semi· 
regular conservative campus journal, 
and to the TRITON TIMES. Currently, 
he is serving as AS Commissioner of 
Academic Affairs, an elective post. 

Sills is 21 and a senior history ma jor at 
John Muir College. 

In these days when "controversial" translates all too eas~ly 
to " hated ," Jim Sills is far and away the most controversial 
student on campus. He' been stoned by SDS, attacked 
physically by members of Women's Lib, and slugged on the 
back of the head by someone in a crowd of leftist non·admlrer~ . 
Six times this year alone, Sills says he has been grabbed by hiS 
lapels and provoked. . . . 

One recoils in shock, thinking that It really must be dlffl~ult 
to be a campus conservative these days. But more shocking , 
when it comes, is the realization that Jim Sills is not even a 
conservative. 

"I agreed with Lyndon Johnson on most i ssue~," he says, 
"and if he ran for office in 1972, I'd vote for him . He was 
staunchly anti·communist in his foreign policy and liberal on 
domestic issues. That's where I stand ." 

A Moderate at Heart 

But a University of California campus is not a microcosm of 
the larger society. On campus, Sills' support of N.ixon's war 
policy, hi s watch·dogglng over Third College, and ~IS adamant 
opposition to any form of unlawful protest make him stand out 
like a sore thumb. To students, he is a " super·conservative," 
or even worse. But Sills himself prefers to be considered either 
moderate or counter·revolutionary 

Use of this term "counter·revolutionary" implies some 
pretty strong ideas about the opposition. And in fact Sills takes 
his work very seriously. As a politician, he is as unscrupulous, 
as Machiavellian and as downright weasel-like as ever anyone 
was. This is not t~ imply that he is dishonest, because he isn·\. 
But Sills never misses a trick, never fails to playa technicality 
for all it's worth ; and he always gets the publicity he wants. 

This can be very irritating, because Sills is a tireless and 
efficient worker . In times of crisis, you run into him 
everywhere. " When the other side starts throwing mud," he 
argues "someone else has to return it. Otherwise the masses 
of stud~nts will be led like sheep in the direction of the noise." 
Sills admits to having written some " propaganda" pieces, but 
"a long time ago." He denies ever having produced 
propaganda for DIMENSION, and insists that what he did 
produce "was a lot better than the tripe the left was passing 
around at the time." 

I' m an uppity moderate ... and 
I don't agree with their 
assumption that the further 
left or younger a person is, 
the more moral he is. 

AD Alternate Explanation 

Of course, Sills has an alternate, political explanation for the 
controversy that surrounds his person. "Sure they hate me," 
he says, " I'm an uppity moderate. I don't take any guff. And I 
don't agree with their assumption that the further to the left or 
younger a person is, the more mor~1 h~ is." . ., 

In either case, no one disputes Sills effectlVen~ss . HIS views 
are always recognized and discussed. even II. onlr to. be 
denounced. And herein lies one of the paradoxes In JIIT.I SIII~ . 
Although nearly everyone, at least publicly, seems to .flnd h~s 
politics ou trageous, everyone seems also ~o read him. H~s 
article against abortion for example. published last Fall In 
DIMENSION, has easiiy been the most widely discussed 
article to appear on campus this year. Some few people were 
so bold as to admit that it was good, but virtually no one agreed 
with it. And most people gave every appearance of outrage. 
Yet this article ended with what has to be called a plea for 
recognition that abortion is a "betrayal of the highest ideals" 
of the humanitarians who are pushing for it. 

Many of his detractors will say that his problem lies in his 
basic positions, but those who know Sills a little better will say 

that his problem lies not so much with his politics as with his 
belligerent, uncompromising attitudes. .. 

A truer answer may lie in a deeper paradox: Jim Sills does 
not enjoy day·ta-day poli tics one bit. " I don't want to be a 
public figure," he says, " I'm only in this because somebody 
has to do it. " 

The reply of those who think they know Sills is immediate 
and invariable : " You lie. You love every minute of it. " Bu t 

My life only has meaning to 
me as a funct ion of the Uni-
ted States of America ... I'm 
a nationalist ... though not 
an expanionist nationa list. 

despite things like his normal insistence that he be 
photographed from the right, or his love of the political bull 
session, Sill s maintains that he is bas ically a reclusive kind of 
person. 

Politics Means Abuse 

"Some people think that politics is glamorous, that you get 
lots of girls or something. You get none of that. You get abuse 
and that's all you get, whether you 're on the right or the left. 

" Do you think I like going to rallies where I'm followed 
around, oinked at, shoved a little here and there? Personally, I 
would prefer to stay off in a corner writing manifestoes. But 
when you've got only a few people in a moderate movement, 
everybody has to do everything." . . 

This is a contradiction not eaSily embraced , and It has 
produced what have to be considered unpleasant perversions in 
Sills' public personality. H~ loves,. for e~ample , to be 
associated with the worst motives, to hide behind the grossest 
misunderstandings. Thus he glories in whi,!t he call~ his " hate 
mail. " He picks out derogatory words or phras.es aimed at hiS 
person, underlines them, and laughs while reading them aloud. 
His reply to, "Are you a racist?" is almost mechanical : "Yes, 
I am a racist. I admit it, I can't help myself. " 

These are obvious defense mechanisms: those who 
misunderstand who do nor even see, cannot threaten. Sills will 
throw up smoke screens and hide behind ~hem ; when people 
find his facades offensive and react accordingly, the person of 
the real Jim Sills is secure.behind their false understanding. 

In the case of race, for example, Sills is a strong supporter of 
the 1964 Civil Rights Act, something most people wouldn't 
expect; and he support.s it in , ~pi~e ?f constitutional do~bts 
which he takes very senously. PrinCiples only go so far , he 
says. " If everyone were principled, ~hen principles would 
translate automatically into political reality. But it isn't that 
way. There are som:! Americans who are goddamned racists." 

His reservations are nevertheless strong: " You have to be 
careful. That interstate commerce clause can be used to get 
anybody on anything. That's dangerous. But on the other hand, 
I can see where people with large blocks of land could 
discriminate ... and this is just outrageous. It has to be 
stopped." 

An Apparent Contradiction 

Still , Sills will insist, when asked point blank, that he i a 
racist. He seems at times to get an unhealthy thrill In watching 
people react against him in horror. But at the same time! he is 
making a valid point against the rest of us, the hberal 
majority, when he counters, "That's what they want to 
believe' let them believe it. It's not worth denying. Anyone 
who fights the radicals is going to be called certai.n kinds. of 
names. It is inevitable that I should be called raCist, faclst. 
reactionary and Nazi ." 

Sills plans, after graduation and the army, to go,to law schD?1 
and become either a "store front lawyer type' or a pubhc 
defender. " I want to make the institutions of this country work 
eHiciently," he explains, "I want to defend the man who i too 
poor or too ignorant to defend himselI. But I'm no crusader: 
I' ll have nothing to do with this 'class action suit' garbage. I 
want to defend people," 

by John Zoller 

Note well in passing that he did not say " the people." Jim 
Sills sLUdiously avoids any words or symbols which he feels are 
closely associated with leftist jargon. Thus, despite his career 
ambition, he is not interested in justice per se. " What's 
justice?" he asks. '" wOllldn' t throw around wild words like 
this. They too easily become hibboleths. I don't trust silver 
words. I trust concrete things, like law , which are the 
collected, written experience of Western civilization." 

Sills, then , is a traditionalist : "Traditional institutions make 
po sible the practice of liberal values. ~nd liberal values lIr 
all I'm fighting for. Like the right to hsten to peakers, like 
democratic methods, and like toleration." 

All thi makes Sills something of an anomaly. He's like a 
hero from our eighth·grade civics cia s. " My life, " he told the 
TRITON TIMES, ';only has meaning as a function of the 
United States of America. This country is the most important 
thing in my life. You can even quote me : I'm a nationalist. I'm 
not afraid to say it-though I'm not an expansionist 
na tiona list." 

These instincts are anything but bourgeoi , although it is 
hard to say just what they may be. Sills' background is mixed : 
His father was first·genera tion emigre from the Missouri 
Oza rks, a loyalist Democrat, and, according to J im, "taught 
me respect for myself, my country, and its institutions." Sills, 
raised a Methodist. is now simply a Dies!. 

Sills plans to be a ' store 
front lawyer' type or public 
defender: " I want to make 
the inst itutions of th is 
country work efficiently." 

While Sills refuses to make any explicit Marcusean 
criticism of technocratic America, one still su peets that he 
may actually harbor deep in his breast someth ing like such a 
criticism. Confronted, for example, with a description of a 
spiritually empty but materially glutted society, Sills first 
replies, " If the workers hadn't got the goods, the Marxi ts 
would complain about that. But they did get the good , so now 
they complain about that, too. Anything for an issue, the more 
obscu re the better. " 

But this misses the point of the query , and under pressure 
Sills admits that " this is the price of a free society. If that's 
what the workers want, who are we to judge?" 

But then he adds, most un-Mal'cL like, that " if they work 
hard , help the society and produce \0 get the goods they want, 
that' all we cin ask .. . but I don't think people are unhappy." 

Sills' favorite subjects, though, are everyday political ones. 
H knows national politic in itt- !'IIi , d~ ,,, Ile-<!f" • 'el '" 
many cases, and he'll discus till h 11 fr xes over if you let 
him. ot in an aggre ive or evil way, either, but simply for 
the plea ure of talking politics. 

But he does aU this with friends, very far away from crowds. 
'" don' t like to be recognized ," he say , '" ju t want to I ft 
alone, to wander in crowds ob rving , to be my II without 
anyone Impinging upon m ," 

Triton Times Jl nulry 29, 1971 Plge 5 



tiDles, 
Univenity of c.lifornia. San Diego 

lA .101", c.lifornil 92037 
(7141 453-2000, at 1016, Advertising ext 1017 

Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The edit ... ial. o.proued below are approved by the TilTON TIMES Editorial Board. All other opinion. 
o.proued on this pogo are I ..... of the authen whoM namo. appear in the byline •• and dO not 
_narily rofloct tho VieWi of tho TRITON TIMES. Anyone de.iring to submit motorial to be publishod in 
this section .houlcl .nd it to tho Edilorial Direct .... TRITON TIMES, 11711ako Hall, UCSO. 

"We Get the Shaft" 
In what is only the latest in a series of 

one-act plays. the Regents last Friday 
galle the shaft to the UC student news-
papers. In approving operating guide-
lines submitted by the papers, they 
tacked on four provisions that, while 
seemingly innocuous to the casual 
observer, imply an attitude towards 
student journalism that is pernicious. 

The settlement of the student news-
paper controversy was seen as a 
"compromise." The term "compro-
mise," for those of you not familiar 
with today's political newspeak, means 
that the most drastic action possible 
wasn't taken . Instead, a merely 
reprehensible one was. 

Actually, the difference between 
outright censorship and their action is 
in degree rather than in kind, At least, 
it's a step in that direction, In the 
entire discussion the question of who 
should control the student press wasn't 
aired. Instead, they assumed that they 
have an a priori right or responsibility 
in this area. Because they are to exert 
a relatively mild form of control, weire 
supposed to be happy. But we're not. 

The action taken was to require the 
Chancellor or his aide to monitor these 
papers daily and require swift action 
by campus publication boards when he 
finds something objectionable. 

Committee Found 
Obscenity Charges Unjustified 

When the whole issue first surfaced 
more than a year ago, an official 
Regents committee, headed by Nor-
man Isaacs (president of the American 
Society of Newspaper Editors) did a 
thorough investigation and published a 
lengthy report. They found that where-
as the campus newspapers needed pro· 
fessional journalistic help, charges of 
."obscenity" or "radicalism" weren't 
justified. 

They recommended that the ad-
ministrations move towards relieving 
themselves of responsibility for these 
papers and, when financial conditions 
allowed , giving them total in-
dependence. That way, when irate tax· 
payers chewed them out they could say 
"that's the students' business." It's 
also, we might add, student money 
that's paying for the newspapers. 
True, the administration collects the 
mandatory student fees, but since 
when does the taxcollector assume the 
right of proxy for the taxpayers? 

We agreed with the Isaacs Com· 
mission report at the t ime, and feel 
that the Regents' recent actions are 
leading us all down an unfortunate 
trail. We mainta 'n that as long as these 

campus newspapers maintain an open 
structure to all students, and as long as 
they don't exceed legal limits of libel 
and obscenity, they should be left alone 
by the higher authorities. 

Control can and should be exercised 
by a body representing a cross section 
of ·on-campus-interests. The UCSD 
Communications Board is such a body. 
There are faculty and administrative 
representatives on this committee as 
well as students. 

Benign Neglect 
Expected from Chancellor 

Even now the Com Board is 
technically advisory to the Chancellor i 
he has ultimate authority. But just as 
the Chancellor normally wouldn't 
interfere in the internal matters of 
academic units-<lr student govern· 
ment-so do we expect him to maintain 
a policy of benign neglect, except In the 
most serious cases. 

The fact that the Regents saw fit to 
strongly affirm the monitoring powers 
of the administration, though, is an 
implicit statement that the adminis-
tration is fit to judge what our stan-
dards, and the standards of the student 
community should be. Perhaps it is 
even an implied threat. Should the 
administration or communications 
board launch a large investigation or 
call a meeting every time a complaint 
is received? That in itself is a form of 
censorship by harrassment. Being 
regularly subject to the intim idation of 
explaining our actions would be a more 
effective form of censorship than more 
overt forms. Such investigation places 
the burden of proving innocence on us 
rather than requiring the administra-
tion, communications board, and those 
who complain to make their case clear . 

Decisions Intended to be 
Acceptable to Readers 

At this time we would like to 
reaffirm our intent to produce a 
product acceptable to our reading 
audience. This is primarily the stu-
dents- who pay for the paper and staff 
it. The faculty, staff, and other 
members of the university community 
are also an important part of our 
audience. We're going to continue to 
make news and editorial decisions 
according to our best judgments. 

It would be nice If the Regents liked 
the newspapers. It would be nice if the 
Chancellor liked it too. It would even be 
nice if parents liked it. But it may just 
be that in doing the best job we can, one 
or the other won't. 

(continued on page II) 

triton. tiIlles 
Editor-in- hief . • Haywood Gammon 
Ci ty Editor . . . . . . : Carl Neiburger 
Managin Edito r ...... . \Iike Klayer 
Copy Editor . . . . . .. huck Graham 
Busine Managl·r . . ... . Jeff Fried 
Editorial Direct"r .. Raoul Contreras 
A ociate ity Erfitor ... Owen J o~ ner 

MolI~ Sel\in 
Arts Editor . . ..... , . Terr~ Harak 

ports Editor ...... . Ro t ky lI a lfon 
Photograph y Editor .. . . John Zall e r 
Contributor ....... ' t · \ Landall 

Jim . ill; 

Newl Department 
Ro,e De Costa 
Rod lorong 
Reb." MHler 
John Zoller 
Ed 80yl. 
Juliano Cinque 
Babbie Fink 
Bruce Morden 
Fronk Phillip. 
Cliff Po.t 
Kathy Ru.1 
Barbara Simon 
Jell Graham 
Don Greene 
Mike Robert. 
Poul T eynier 

ArtlOep'lrtment 
Tom Beer 
Joy Gil'elle 
P.ter Gordon 
lorry John5On 
Undo McAlli.ter 
Sorgun Tont 
Artilt. 
Sarah McKenna 
Allan Sekula 

Photography 
Jon Fronok 

Adverti,ing 
Oepartment 
Mark Trilling 
Susan Code. 
Molly Selvin 

Secretarial Staff 
George Salon; Stove Cohon 

Au't Managing Ed. Sheila Calhoun 
Joe Eostern 
Comy Shorick 

Roney B,eece Production 

Copy Department 
Sharon Woldy 
Oebb" Montgomery 
Glena Schrooter Potty Smith Da ve 8uchbinder 

Th. TRtTON TlMB IS oll,,,a lly recogn ,zed and . upported a, a ,tudont new.poper by the Communicotion. Boord 
of tho UnIVersity of Colifornio . Son Diego, 8uilding 250. Motlh.w. Compul. lo Jolla, California 92037. Publicotion 
i. twke weokly on Tuesdoy. and F"doy •. Ollico. oro located in roam 117, 810ke Hall, on the Revoll. Compu •. for 
Ad.erti. ing phone 453· 2000 , ~ 10 17; for od itor ial or now, phone ~1016 . 

Page' Triton Times January 29,1971 

Opinion 

Douglas Gets the Shaft 
Jim Sills 

After I wrote an optnton 
piece that was critical of 
Angela Davis , I was 
immediately smeared as a 
racist and given the appelation 
"Mr. Honky." This sort of 
insult is trivial of course. What 
is significant is the Left's 
tendency (like Senator Joe 
McCarthy ) to label all 
dissenters as "fascists," 
"pigs," and " racists." Those 
smeared with such names are 
candidates for ostracism, for 
these names still have some 
shock value. 

The point is that the 
pOlitically intolerant (Joe 
McCarthy or the Left) cannot 
accept honest disagreement. If 
a person disagrees he must 
have ulterior and evil motives 
for doing so. Thus, the use of 
the bogey word , in this case 
"Mr. Honky," announces that 
dissent to Angela Davis will not 
be accepted. Tread lightly at 
the risk of being politically 
smeared. 

Douglas is a RecenrVictim 

A more recent victim, of far 
greater consequence, is Prof. 
Jack Douglas. Douglas has 
endeavored, with other 
concerned faculty, to learn the 
truth about the development of . 
Third College. In a series of 
stories in the TIMES, the 
various questions raised were 
considered and concluded in a 
TI editorial. On October 9, 1970 
the TIMES wrote "While 
academic standard s are 
important, or rather they are 
very important, they're not 
everything. Instead of Third 
College, why doesn't CSU (of 
which Dougla s was the 
chairman) applaud and 
endorse the ideals behind 
Third College? It might help to 
dispel that feeling whicb Prof. 
Douglas contends is a symptom 
of paranoia by Dr. Jackson, 
that CSU is simply here to 
divide the university. " 

Douglas was now warned ; 
you are treading on sacred 
ground, back 'If or pay the 
price. The TIMES, and the 
academic establishment would 
not accept Dougla s ' s 
reservations about Third 
College as anything but part of 
an evil scheme. 

Douglas, however. was not 
" smart," and refused to shut 
up. With the examinations of 

The Earth's Epitaph 

the Third World curriculum in 
DIMENSION, the situation 
heated up and there were 
rumors of investigations of 
Third World Studies by the 
Academic Senate's Committee 
on Educational Policy. The 
word was that the committee 
had not been too crazy about 
the sort of works making up the 
Third World Studies reading 
list. 

Times Veteran Was 
Late To Hear Facts 

Given its first opportunity, 
the TIMES made its threat 
good. Douglas, trying to find 
out what the Committee on 
Educational Policy had 
considered with regard to 
Third World Studies asked for 
some meeting records . 
Although these records are 
supposed to be open to the 
public, since no material ' 
regarding salaries or 
promotions are included, 
Douglas was asked to return 
them and did 5'l. The incident 
was common knowledge 
throughout November and 
December, but a TIMES 
veteran did not hear until 
January. Nevertheless, he did 
not intend to miss his chance. 
A-two-month old half·forgotten 
incident was dragged out and 
made a front page story. 

Did the story concentrate on 
the "secret" nature 'of 
Academic Senate proceedings, 
proceedings secret even to 
members of the Senate? No. 
Rather the story attacked 
Douglas as some sort of secret 
agent, sneaking into the Senate 
office to steal .. . documents 
which were supposed to be 
open to the public. 

In fact, Douglas did not lie or 
break any regulations to obtain 
the minutes. There are no 
Academic Senate regulations 
limiting access of minutes; 
except for committees in which 
personnel and advancement 
matters are considered. 

Douglas' Motives 
Were Invented 

Having mangled the facts, 
the TIMES reporter proceeded 
to invent sinister motives for 
Douglas' action. Could it be 
that he bad honest doubts about 
Third College? No, he could 

only be a villian. In its 
misconstruction of · the facts. 
the story repeatedly referred 
to "faculty sources," "several 
sources," or just "sources"-
an old journalistic trick to say 
what you want said. The 
practice reached its nadir in a 
paragraph linking the 
Nefarious Douglas to the 
Facist Subculture of San Diego. 
"UDdisclosed SOIlI'Cf!S indicated 
that prior to this incident, 
Douglas had been in contact 
with the SAN DIEGO 
UNION/TRIBUNE, giVing 
them news tips and urging 
them to look into matters he 
felt were important. " Thus, 
dear reader, you were invited 
to believe, in this " news" 
story , that all campus 
opposition to some points of 
Third College are simply a tool 
of James S. Copley and the 
Downtown Bad Guys. 

The time for rational debate 
has ended at this point, all 
opposition must be facist and 
racist. Use of the phrase 
" undisclosed sources" allowed 
the writer to put in just what he 
wanted. This is only one of 
many deceptions tha t a 
newspaperman can use to 
mislead the public, and smear 
reputable individuals . 
I regret that some of my 
brothers on the staff ha ve sunk 
to this low level. 

The story concludes by 
comparing Douglas' request 
for public records to the 
forcible theft of files by SOS 
last year. 

Compares Douglas with 
Left-Wing Radicals 

Not satisfied with 
manufacturing a trivial 
incident into a vicious smear, 
the TIMES proceeded to 
editorialize on the matter. The 
comparison between Douglas 
and left-wing radicals is 
repeated, "who has been most 
vocal in the condemnation of 
' radicals,' is prepared to use 
the very tactics he is prepared 
to criticize." Tben a short 
rhapsody on the 
misinformation contained in 
the previous story, "So it is 
that Prof. Jack Douglas 
decided to take the law into his 
own hands last November. 
Douglas , self-appointed 
vigilante and prosecutor of 

(continued on page 10) 

A Christian View of Ecology 
Scott Chambers 

THE OCEANS BORN, 
THE OCEANS DIE, A.D. 1979, 
THE LORD GAVE, MAN HATH TAKEN 
AWAY 
CURSED BE THE NAME OF MAN. 

This epitaph can be seen on a tombstone off 
the coast of California and in the minds of those 
who vividly understand what will come if 
something is not done soon. Ecological 
unbalance has existed as long as man has had 
the pompous arrogance to upset the delicate 
systems with which God has provided us. 

The fundamental problem lies in the 
perverted, egotistical attitude man has toward 
his Earth. This attitude develops rapidly in a 
mind that holds no value for natural systems as 
an important part of the Creation. The fact that 
God created man as the most intelligent being, 
has in many people 's minds been interpreted to 
mean that man has dominion over all, and is 
free to exploit and destroy anything on Earth 
for the " good " of the human race. 

The consequences? On a calm day when the 
wind hasn't blown for a few days, take a drive 
from UCSD, along highway 101 toward Dcl Mar. 
What do you see smothering the naturally 
beautiful Southern California coast? Or try 
readIng some current report by internationally 
known ecologist David Wingate . His specialty, a 
sea·feeding bird from th mid· Atlantic ca lled 

the cahow, has bee,n found dead with insoluble 
DDT in its blood. 

Where is this attitude born and where is it 
taking us? It is born in man's separation from 
himself, from other men. and from nature. 
However, when man comes to know God 
through Jesus Christ, he has a whole new 
perspective of what the Creation means. 
Genesis 9;8·10 says. " And I, (God) behold, I 
established my covenant with you (mankind ). 
and with your ~ed after you, and with every 
living created thing." 

The Christian attitude toward ecology is 
structured on love for the Creator and for the 
created. When one realizes that all things are 
from God, these things take on a whole new 
significance. All na tural things become 
intrinsically beautiful and worthy of our respect 
and consideration. 

The oceans, the atmosphere, and all forms of 
life are creations of God, just as we are, and to 
destroy them is like destroying ourselve . 
What's more, if man continues at this rate,self -
destruction is exactly what will occur. If we are 
to save our home, we must accept limitations of 
what is under us in the Creation. Treating 
nature as som thing with value in it If, and 
ex rcizing dominion without destroying , is the 
Christians' attitude toward ecology, and in my 
eyes, the only hope that our Earth ha for 
survival. 

~:":':':':':':':I:.:':':':':':.:':':':':':':':':;:':;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;;;:;~:;:;:::::;:~:!:~.:~:.:.: .. :.:.:.: .. :.:.:,: .:. :.:!:.:.:.:.:.:.:;:;:::-:;:.:-:.:.:.:-:.:.:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.~:.:.:.:.:.:.:. ',' ::: 
~ll Letter To the Editor ~:~ Editor' 5 Reply: ~~j 
I:Yeliow Jou rnalism? ~ w~:~ ;i~!'::~~i~~';.~::~ =~'w,'''Wi~'i:,;:~,'~ ~~ 'I 
.:' my integrity as a scholar and on my character as a .:.: its news articles or editorials, the College, as you yourself admit. We did ::: 
::: On Jan. 19 the TRITON TIMES published an man. Quote just one person by name who dares to :::; charges of libel, yellow journalism, not state that there was ' anything . 
.::: article by Mr. Steve Landau which is easily and mal'ntal'n such a th·lng. : .• ':.: wrong with this . However, it was ::: 
.. f tabl to be fl ' 'mportant and maliciousness on our part are :.: 
.::: irre u y proven a se. m ~very I Sixth, the file on the Third World Course which I :::: h central to the story. for this was .:.'.:.:: 
:::: particular. Moreover, tbe article IS based almost d .. serious enoug to warrant a response. responsl'ble for at least some of the 
. ba ' f tedl " nf'd t' I" read was in no way a " raw" file and carne un er no :::: I d ' ff ' 'th 
:::: entirely on the SIS 0 repu y co I en la or . I •. n omg so, we rea Irm e accuracy "concern" shown by Senate members. :.: 
:::: "private" sources. The~e .is excelle!l~ reason to University rule concernlllg personn.e ::: of the original article and do not wish '.:'.::. 
':.: believe that no one who IS m any posItion to k.now matters- because there was no personnel matenal ::: to retract it . 
:::: the facts about the supposed " file incident" told in that file . Ask. Professor Jackson about that and ::: First, the word "anxious" can only Chancellor McGillis Critical ::: 
;::: Mr. Landau anything whatsoever a.bout it. he will confirm it immediately. ::: be described as a euphemism, given ::: 
;::: Therefore, we have every reason to believe that "I Don't Give ' tlps'- I Give Facts" ~~~ the high degree of anxiety that we Eighth, we submit a sample quote :.':.:.~ 
.::: the TRITON TIMES has published a front-page . encountered. One member told us that from the Sept. 3 issue of the LA JOLLA 
;::: article that constitutes a purposefully malicious Seventh, any insinuation that I have given " tips" ::: the incident had already consumed LIGHT from an open letter to ::: 
::: and libelous attack on the personal integrity and to the UNION about Third College is false and ::: hours of his time, as he brandished a Chancellor McGill. " I feel certain that ;:: 
;::: character of a faculty member, an attack which ridiculous. I don't give " tips" ; I give facts, to be ::: fat file of memoranda. your arguments and your proposals for :j:f:~. 
;::: will ce.rtainlr be harmful to his private and quoted by name, never as a cowardly "confidential ::: Second, if you really had searched radically restructuring the University 
:::: professIOnal life. source." about my view that the Third College is ::: Senate rules as you claim you have, can only help to destroy the University .. 
.::: First, there is absolutely no evidbeeence tha~ anx " racist" and destructive of vital academic ::: you would know that the bylaws only as a place of serious scholarly and :.:';:::.:.' 
:.: " Academic Senate leaders have n anxious d d E k 't' th t .'. . tif' b d te h' " 
.'. . . . h ddt t . f stan ar s. veryone nows my POSI Ion on a . ::: refer to approved minutes and official sclen IC researc an ac Ing. 
:::: about my exerclsmg :y rig tan u ~ 0 m.o",: Everyone also knows that I have tried to get two ::: reports. It is your extrapolation that While this may not be a personal attack :~:: 
:::: myself of the facts a ut our current ucatlOna chancellors to investigate what is going on there. ::: members also have access to the on the man, it is certainly harshly . . 
::: experiment in the Third College. Name just one. While they both keep calling it an "experiment," ::: "raw" files . We have confirmed that critical. :::: :~: Did not Break any Rules they also refuse to do any systematic observations ::: you did not ask for a ruling on access to Ninth, Provost Watson was called j::::: . . ~:: ... : 
::: Second, there is absolutely no justification for of the experiment by independent, objective ::: the files until after the incident. It was Wednesday and stated that Douglas 
::: the slightest hint that I did anything against any faculty investigatioft committees. I have, ::: only since your action bighlighted this had not contacted him in any way, and 
::: rules in looking at any file . There was someone who therefore, asked the public media to do what the ::: ambiguity that the committees are saw no reason to retract his :::: 
::: apparently believed .there was ~ rule against University should be doing- but completely openly;:: trying to make a new ruling. statements. :.:. 
::: faculty members lookmg at CEP hIes . Because of and morally. ::: Third, we merely cite Dr. Jackson's Finally, we might add that you were :::; 
::: this. I asked the Chairman of thTe Senacte andtthe letEteigrh, othr' aIsl. hngaIVeell'nnee ,v~rattaWrciktl~ngn" aWI~lilnl' agmle MPCuGbll.ilcl ~~.~ opinion that "open to inspection" given a chance to deny the charges '.:~:' .. :~:: .. ::;.::: 
::: Chairman of the Privelege and enure omml tee didn't imply taking the files for five made but refused to comment. 
::: to investigate the whole question. The Chairman or anyone else. I have and will continue to write ::: days. The use of undisclosed sources is 
::; spent a great deal of time going into great detail publicly about what I consider to be disastrous ;:: common practice in journalism. Some 
::: about the whole matter with the Executive and policies. but this in no way involves attacking the ::: Circumstances Surrounding of the biggest stories in reputable daily :~:' 
::: Policy Committee of UCSD, the hig~est elec~ed persons involved . Show me one line. ::: Actions were Suspicious newspapers are leaked in this way, :::' 
.'. body on this campus That Committee tWice Believes Provost Will Retract Statements ::: such as "a White House aide said ... " .'. :~: agreed, without any di~sension that I have heard .:. Since this article involved a :~: 
.. h I f th U ' 't' faculty Ninth, I told Mr. Landau that I believe that :;: Fourth, the 'point of the controversy .. 
::: of, that t e ru es 0 e nI.veedrst y glvebeany f th Professor Watson has no way of knowing the facts ::.: was not so much that you controversial maller most people were ::.'; 
:'.: member or any authonz mem roe l t II I ta t to comml' t 
.. . h I k f'l f th about this supposed " issue" and that, if he did , I ::: " technically" broke any ru es as na ura y re uc n '.: 
::: administration the rig t to 00 at an~ ~.e 0 ~ feel certain he would not make statements ::: clearly brought out in the story. But themselves in print. :.:~::., 
::: Academic Senate that does not con tam secret assuming anything improper whatsoever by me in ::: the circumstances of your actions 
::: personnel data . . . this matter. I now believe the Provost will retract ::: aroused suspicions-in the first place, Satisfied that Article '.' 
:'.: Third it was further deCided by the Committee k th W U R b d .:';:.: 

' his accusatory statements. (He also nows ere ::: the matter of citing authorization from was e · esearc e 
::: that there were no rules against taking files out of are no personnel data in that file . If the file .is of ::: Swartz. and secondly , taking ;.: 
::: the Senate office. Any view of " five days" as going " no concern." why not let everyone see It? I :::' advantage of the secretaries' confusion However, the article involved ::: 
::: beyond the rules, especially when it happened that personally believe that all University files should :::: and acting before official policy could interviews witb many people, and all ~~: 
::: the five days was the Thanksgiving vacation period be public, since secrecy has no place In the :::: be determined. the information was corroborated. ::: 
'::: when all offices are closed and could only be University, as Chairman Jackson said in his :::: Fifth, several urgent messages were Several members of the editorial board . 
::: entered by illegal means, is strictly a personal official statement to the Academic Senate at tbe :::; left with Dr. Swartz, and he was discussed the story in some detail with ::: 
::: opinion- which any man is entitled to bave as long beginning of this year. I personally give permission :::: certainly aware that the TI was doing t he reporter and persons involved in .~~:.' 
::: as he does not libel another by saying it in print. to BSC, MECHA , and SDS to read any files about :::: the story. He did not avail himself to the incident. They are aware of who .'. 
::: me, including personnel data .) :::: comment. However, we did learn of the sources are and feel that they are ::: 
.:. Defense of Secretaries Given The TRITON TIMES bas made a grave error in :::: the meeting of CEP called to discuss credible. They are also satisfied that .;. ~~~ Fourth there has never been any basis for any publishing a lead article that can serve no purpose ;::: this incident at which he denied having the article, which took several weeks r 
::; doubt that I took the file only because the other than to attack the character of an individual. :::: given you authorization. to do, was well· researched. ::: 
.':.' secretaries knew of no reason why I shouldn't. "Yellow journalism" has no place on any :::: Sixth, this isn't at issue. It was not an B ca se of the personal nature of the '.:'. 
. h' bo t thO h .. Acc sat' ns slurs personal .... official report nor approved minutes, e u . ::: Since the rules don't say anyt mg a u IS. w y university campus. u 10 " :.:. article a conscious effort was made to ::: 
::; should they deny me permission. ( Si~ce t~e rules attacks, falsehoods , and "secret sources" have no :::: so they might have co~tained avoid sensationalism . In our ::: 
::: do give those rights, no one has any rlght.elt.her t.o place whatsoever. in the University. I expect a :.:.:.;. confidential statemen~s by indiViduals . led':' 
'.' h h h t ltd t I J'udgement the incident InVO v an '.' 
':'.:.:: slur or attack the behavior of the secretaries In t IS retraction forthWith . I also expect you to devote :::. - w et er or no re a e 0 personne . •. 

h th diff between important policy conflict, and one that ::: matter.) your efforts to seriously investigating the many :::: Sevent e erence .:. 
:.: . . r thalAl red t secretary d I ' th t f " " tip" and ''' facts '' is mainly semantic. was being heatedly discussed within :.: 
: .. :,::.: ot~~th~na;~I~sl::u~O~nythingl leaos:':7r all about fun amenta Issues a ace us,. ~~:: " Facts" is hardly a journalistica~ly faculty cir~les . It w~s for this reason :~: 
.'. ' y I th t I d'd t n~ed from Professor Sincerely yours, :.:. objective term to use here. The pOint that we deCided to print It, and we stand :.: ::: ~e!~~~ a~;:v:Oul: cer~i~~y grant me any such Doa 1 ~~~: remains that you communicate on a by it. ~~~ l;:.r.~~~~L~f:;~:~:~~:::~~:;~::~~;~;~:~;~~:;~~:l!;~!g~:~:;~m~:~ .. ?:~.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:;:;:.:.:;:;:;:.;.:; :;:.:::;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;;;:;:;:;~~:;;:;;;::;;:g;::=;~::;;:::;;::;;::;;::;;:::::::;:;::;;:;:::::;:::;::;;:;:;;::;;.:;:;::;;;;:;:;:;;;:::;:;:;:;:;:;:;:;:::::::;:;:::.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.: .:.:.:.:.;.;.;.:.;.:.;.: .; .:.:.:.: :;.:.:.:.:.:;:.;;:;;.:.;.:.::~ 

(S ... " t. SO" . St .... " SUD .it~ I.D. (U(I,t Sol. h •. 01 S",lol " rf" ... '.!! 
$2.50 & 2.00 (Tue.;-Wed .• Thun .. Sun. Eve •. ) 52 .00 & 51.50 (Sun. Mo": Jon. 2.4) 
$3.00 & $2.SO (Fri., Sot . Eves.) Sl .50 Stu. thru coli . & Enli.ted M.1. 

Mary ~ Mary bY~:~:o~::; 
a sprightly and sparkling comedy 01 romantic 

'moritol merriment _ 

globe tbeatre ·'1090 
phone 

239.2211 
oft.r noon 

INTERESTED IN CHANGING THE WORLD 
MORE TO YOUR LIKING? 

DISCOVER HOW TO BEGIN 
A TECHNIQUE fOR ACTION 

TRANSCENDENTAL 
MEDITATION ":IIT" 
MAHARISHI·MAHESH YOGI 
Transcendental M.ditation is a notural 
spontoMOus technique which allow. each 
individual to .. pand hi. mind and improve 
hi. lifo . 

INTRODUCTORY LECTURES 
UNICORN THEATRE, 7456 LA JOLLA BLVD .• LA JOLLA 

SATURDAY, JANUARY 30th AT 2 P.M. 

INTERNATIONAL MEDITATION SOCIETT- ADMISSION filII 

OPERATION S RVIVAL 
THE SCIENTIFIC ANSWEk 

lSI DlSTRIBUTOJ (l]mrlCAl[ 
tJ,il._ S .... lL 1967 -6 8 

eo38'L 161114 814 I 
13()gQ-23 20~ 21 O~ 
34·<!e-11 ( ·1 ·8 

Ith ..... _ .. o-na. ... 

833' 163 22- 11 
H 76302 Z97321 

""NOl ..... um .. lad.,. 
"".JIId \0 fJUtUt.l1tOfl ol 'V.Jut' 
WlJIC\ ~ TWt., t.c. 
lubjllCl ~ HeM,., Dr c~ 
A W ... toW..tIh ... p,.I ... 
A .... ., C-t., D.bt 

Technocracy's Energy Certificate is the only I STRUME T 
OF DISTRIBUTION which can be used in this Continent's 
emerging era of abundance - the progress of which is being 
speeded up by ·'automation". 

This Energy Certificate provides the accounting means 
whereby each individual North American can express his 
individual preference as to what he wants of the product North 
America is capable of producing. Thal is its function - to 
record the demand for goods and services and. lhereby. to 
determine the amount to be produced . 

By applying one specific technological measuring device. 
production and consumption can .be balanced and l~e first 
specification for social harmony IS Immediately achievable. 
(Send 15 cents to The Technocrat. 433 E. Market SI. , 0 Long 
Beach, Ca . 90805 for booklet explaining The Energy Certificate 
in detail! . 

VOTE WITH MEANING! After the PolitlcaI3·rlng-circus we 
Just wenlthrough, It's refreshing to see the word "VOTE" taken 
out of the mud· slinging class. 

The only REAL VOTE is PURCHASING POWER. What we 
buy we vote for. With an abundance of purcN\slng pow r. we 
can 'vote as often as we like. every day of the.year .. B.nd always 
win our vote. In a Technate, each adult Amencan CItizen would 
have a standard of living equivalent to an annual Income of 

~,OOOormore . 
Nexli!sue : WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? OPE RATIO 

SURVIVAL. P.O. BOX 2019, La Jolla , Ca. 92037 

EUROPE - ISRAEL - EAST AFRICA 
• Student t.ravel d iscounts 
* Official SOFA agent for over 2000 inter-European student 
charter flight 
* Internationa l Student 10 card 
* 2 month student Eurailpass $125 
* 3 weeks camping in Russia and Czechoslovakia $156 
* 5 weeks camping in Spain, Portugal and Morocco $230 
• London·Capetown 7 week African Safari $641 
CONTACT: ISCA l. A. Calif. 90049 

11687 San Vicente Blvd . #4 (213) 826·5669 

HONDA CARS 

For Free 
Home Demo ... 
Call anytime al 
zn5511 

Pacific Honda-1269 Carn 

Triton Times Januuy 29,1971 Page 7 



Plge. Triton Times January 29,1971 
... 



Ju.nie UDdea aad AlaD Bates III a sceae from Kea Russell's 
fUm 01 D. H. Lawreace's "Womea la Love" 5bowlll& througb 
Tuesday, February 2, at tbe Uaicona Tbeatre la La Jolla. 

Movie Review 

" .Women in Love" 
Screens at Unicorn 

Carrie Rickey 
Arts Writer 

Muted greens of English pastoral .scenes, flashes of m~n's 
desire to triumph over the lowly ammal, and the Imposs.lb\e 
question of whether or not solely a male-female relatIOnshIp IS 
the supreme fulfillment of life comprise the theme of director 
Ken Russell 's great achievement, " Women in Love." . 

A remarkable cast, consisting of Glenda Jackson and ~enme 
Linden as the sisters Ursula and Gudrun, Alan Bates (m the 
projected Lawrentian role) , and qliv~r Reed (as th~ ~nti· 
nature, struggling·with himself , caplta\Jst ) makes up thIs him. 
As far as acting goes it is indeed ironic that the strongest role 
in each pair triumphs as the str~nge~ acto,r. Glen.d~ Ja~kson ' s 
soft bitchiness supersedes Jenme Lmden S passIVIty, Just as 
Alan Bates' sensitivity is more memorable than Oliver Reed's 
struggle to be loved . . 

Beautiful cinematography, tender aDd vIOlent love scenes, 
and simply an amazing picture of early 20th·Century England 
. makes the film, presently showing at the Unic~rn Theatre, an 
incredibly fine version of a Lawrence masterpIece that should 
not be overlooked. 

Jill Jollastoa, aut~.or and columaiSl for the VILLAGE VOICE, 
will speak on WODJeI'S and Gay Llb Tuesday aigbt in the UCSD 

.. Art Gallery. 

,. 

'I" 10 Triton Tlml. JlnUiry 2f, 1971 

Anomaly Factory Present. 
Sensory Drallla: "lYE" 

Carrie Rickey 
Arts Writer 

confines of conventional as one member of the Factory and four weeks getting to know 
theatre. said, "When we get out on the each other before we even tried 

Initially, six members of the stage now, it's not acting · it to get in to the play," remarked 
Anomaly }o'actory made a just happens." Between all of another member. 

Two hooded shadows appear Startling and innovative are 
out of the darkness. Your the only two adjectives that 
composure is shattered. You come to mind when describing 
are now powerless. You the production of "lye". A 
succumb and take part in their performer likened the 
ritualistic ceremony. innovations in the performance 

Before being willed off with to a new musical instrument: 
the faceless forms you were "Y ou have to experiment with 
seated on a cushioned floor in a the instrument before patterns 
a dark, cavernous chamber. and rhythms can be 
You listened to melodIOUS flute established ; right now we're 
and likened the airy sounds to not looking to bring an 
the pipes of Pan. You were audience in here, have them 
lulled into calm by softly- watch our play and have them 
scented incense and muted red walk out with their ideas 
and blue starlight. redically altered - that comes 

But the robes and hoods later. Preser.t1y we're trying 
appear , and by . s.ecret out certain efl'ects and working 
incantations you are SPirited to on audience response and 
another world - a seemingly reaction." 
alien sector of the universe. According to Director David 
You are now in a portion of Cunnirll!ham, .. lye" may be 
Infinity we call the galaxies, seen at the Anomaly Factory 
and suddenly you realize what on the Matthews Campus 
you hear and feel and smell and Friday and Saturday evenings 
view is not alien. It is just a at 8: 30 with Thursday-showings 
part of your daily existence but being reserved for special 
has been made special because groups) for the next four 
you are employing senses you weeks. Hopefully, the demand 
don't regularly lise in the to see this incredible sensuous 
theatre. production experience will be 

The production of " lye" at great enough to have showings 
the Anomaly Factory involves for a longer period of time. 
the viewer to an extreme point. fth the Anomaly Factory Allow yourself to be 

. . t" tad sketchy, flexible , outline 0 e th . I The vIewer IS a par IClpan n I'" t thO performers there exists an indoctrinated into e mystlca 
. II II If torily play they wou u presen IS . deed 

vlsua hY' a.ura t¥' 01 taed
c h ' year. An incredible amount of amazing rapport visible even to • the experience is m an 

and ot erwlse s Imu a so e time was put into rehearsal. so, the outsider. " We spent three experience. ;~~:~'A~:~:""M~'lpOSSIBILITIES I 
(continued from page 6) 

Third College ...... Indeed, now 
anyone who disagrees is a 
"vigilante." And , just in case 
anyone slow out there didn 't 
get the message, a final smear ; 
,.... we hope the rest of the 
community will realize just 
who his friends are." i.e. the 
Regents , Copley, Mayor 
Curran and Martin Bormann. 

Women's Lib 
and the Arts 

Thoreau in "The Night Thoreau 
Spent in Jail" last fall for the 
Old Globe Theatre. 

One is struck, in reviewing 
the technique of these smears, 
by the similarity to the old 
McCarthy days. Back in the 
50's Senator Joe McCarthy 
accused anyone who disagreed 
as being a "pinko," " left· 
winger," and "communist. " 
The names have been changed , 
but the tactics remain the 
same. One answers criticisms 
of Third College with ad 
homenin insults, using scare 
words like "the SAN DIEGO 
UNION" and "Regents" to 
frighten small minds into 
ostracizing the offending 
individual. The TIMES has 
served notice that discussion of 
Third College in any terms but 
" innovative experiment" and 
" hope for the Third World" 
will not be tolerated. 

The story is not at an end, 
sadly. You watch, ·in an answer 
to this opinion piece it will 
undoubtedly be pointed out that 
I sometimes write for 
DIMENSION as well as the 
TIMES. It will not be 
mentioned that I . do so ... 
because of previous incidents 
of news management by the 
TRITON TIMES. 

Th. TR ITO ' TIMES dou nol 
wilh 10 dilrourose crirical repli .. 
10 TT new. co veras • . 1I0wever, 
Mr. ilLt iI millahen in hi. im· 
plicalion Ihe .tory in quellion 
("Do"6 10. Acee .. 10 Row FiI ..... ") 
was "droSKed OUl" by a TIME 
ve/eron. The TT in fact. learned 
of Ih. incidenl from a rtlpecled 
member af Ihe Univerli ly com· 
munity who wilhe. to r e main 
anonyma" •. The ne",. edilor lhen 
01 ,«ned th • • lory to Ih. porlic"lar 
r.porter. ALto, Ihe cr.dibili/y of 
Ihe ""ndi.elo.ed .oure •• " .. A. 
""rified not on ly by lhe individual 
reporl.r bUI Ih . edilOn involved 
(ne .... ediloriol director). Mr . 

i''' ' con/.n/ion thai lh e in· 
ciden l ",a co mmon hno",l.d8' 
only 80e. 10 . ho", Ihot EVEN 
THE TT do .. n 'l corch wer Ihin~! 

Jill Johnston , writer and 
dance critic for the Village 
Voice newspaper, will read 
from her poetical 
autobiography at 8 p.m., 
Tuesday, February 2, in the 
UCSD Art Gallery. The 
reading is free and open to the 
public. 

In addition to reading from 
her autobiography , Miss 
Johnston will defend her sexual 
existence, both her's and the 
listener's right and obligation 
to declare themselves without 
shame as to what they are . She 
will defend the Gay Revolution 
and Women 's Liberation and 
explain their importance to the 
arts . 

"Face of Violence" 
to Premiere 

The American premiere of a 
contemporary drama occurred 
last night at the Cassius Carter 
Centre Stage in Balboa Park, 
San Diego. J . Bronowski's 
"The Face of Violence" will be 
presented nightly except 
Monday through February 14 . 

The drama is a condemnation 
of violence as a young man 
experiences a variety of 
encounters in his quest for 
revenge. Obsessed with a 
desire for justice, he probes his 
mind to discover events in his 
past which prompt his search. 
Alone in his journey, the young 
man is exposed to a series of 
unique characters and bizarre 
episodes in a montage 
depicting a variety of faces of 
violence. 

Old Globe Theatre producing 
director Craig Noel is staging 
the drama . The production 
Is ' designed by art director 
Peggy Kellner. 

Ron Heller plays the leading 
role of a young man searching 
his past life to uncover 
disturbing events in his life. 
Heller played the major role of 
the idealistic Henry David 

Other Old Globe veteran 
performers appearing in more 
than one role in "The Face of 
Violence" include Alexander 
J . Alongi , Trina CiuUo, Julia 
Brandley Frampton, Larry 
Golden, Tom Kilroy, R. Bruce 
Mclean, Charles Riendeau, 
Don Sparks and Helena Waddy. 
Actors making their Old Globe 
debut include Michael Thomas 
Johnson and Len Zamkoff. 

Originally conceived as a 
radio drama, "The Face of 
Violence" received the Italia 
Prize as the best radio drama 
broadcast in Europe in 1950. 
Dr. Bronowski is a Senior 
Fellow at the Salk Institute of 
Biological Studies in La Jolla . 
He is noted as one of the 
principal advocates and a 
leader in the modern 
movement of scientific 
humanism. Trained as a 
mathematician at the 
University of Cambridge, 
England, Dr. Bronowski is 
internationally known for his 
work in literature, intellectual 
history and the philosophy of 
science. From 1945 to 1963, Dr. 
Bronowski took a leading part 
in applying scientific methods 
to the economic development 
of Great Britain. 

Students through college may 
purchase tickets to "The Face 
of Violence" at a 40 percent 
discount. The reduced price of 
$1.50 is available to all 
performance.s except Saturday 
nights. Telephone reservations 
are accepted at 239-2255. 

Lorin Hollander 
to Perform 

Using a firm musical bridge, 
brilliant 26-year old pianist 
Lorin Hollander communicates 
eloquently with generations on 
both sides of the 30th parallel. 
His superb artistry will be 
heard on February 4th and 5th 
at Civic Theatre when 
Hollander appears with the San 
Diego Symphony Orchestra and 

guest conductor Robert Emile. 
Hollander'S consdousness 

about the world in which we 
live and his trail blazing away 
from the traditional concert 
presentation has found broad 
acceptance with young people 
in his appearances with 
symphony orchestras, college 
campuses, on television and 
recordings and most recently 
in his chamber music concerts. 
His charm and speaking ability 
have made him a favorite guest 0" the talk shows. There are 
few classical musicians who 
have been on the Today Show 
as often as he - his all 
Beethoven program was his 
third appearance on that show 
in five weeks. 

Debuting at Carnegie Hall at 
age 13, the only artist of that 
age ever chosen, Hollander has 
scored triumph after triumph 
in concert and as guest artist 
with almost every major 
symphony in this country and 
Canada , Europe and the mid 
and far East. 

Robert Emile , the 
concertmaster of the San Diego 
Symphony and a fine musician, 
will be the guest conductor. 
Beginning his violin studies at 
age 3, he toured Scandinavia as 
a soloist when only 7 years old. 
A Yale graduate, he holds a 
master's from the University 
of Rochester and a doctorate 
from Eastman School of Music . 
Dr. Emile joined the Symphony 
in 1959 and since 1960 has been 
assistant conductor and 
concertmaster. His heavy 
schedule includes conducting of 
the Youth Concerts as well as 
some of the touring 
performances of the Orchestra. 

The February program will 
open with Diamond's "Rounds 
for String Orchestra" , 
considered to be one of this 
outstanding American 
composer's most lyrical and 
dynamic works . Lorin 
Hollander's warmly beautiful 
yet crystalllne Interpretation 
of Rachmaninoff 's "Rhapsody 
on a Theme by Paganinl" w1ll 
follow . Prokofieff's Suite No. 2 
from the ballet "Romeo and 
Juliet" will complete the 
program. 

- - . -

D -II- The Ibip ClIft abtaill eores 1,Il00 III' more beIow-'I In 9 _ • _ the ocean floor in water up to 6,000 meters deep. • 
So far 250 holes have been drilled. 

-Deep Sea 
(CODttaled from PIle 1) 

He added that "extensive reorganizations of the 
earth's crust may have taken place several 
times in the past but most of the direct evidence 
has been destroyed because oceanic crust falls 
into these trenches and is assimilated back into 
the earth's center." 

He also said that it is possible that the ocean 
m~y be more ~an 200 million years old, but any 
eVIdence of thiS has descended into the trenches 
and is lost. 

"Southern California is being pushed 
westward over the top of the Pacific Ridge 
system, Pimm said and added " this is the 
reason why there are so many earthquakes." He 
said that understanding the movements of the 
ocean f~oor will aid science in understanding and 
predlctmg earthquakes and tsunamis. 

"The most recent question the project has 
answered is whether or not the age of the ocean 
rtoor at the American Continental margin is the 
same as that on the African side," Pimm said. 
He a.dded that the American side appears to be 
considerably . older. "This discovery leads 
scientists to believe tha t the ex treme western 
portion of the ocean floor on the American side 
of the ridge may have been in existence even 
before the present ridge system developed .. 
saidPimm. ' 

Many Resources Available 
Pimm also said that many deposits of oil and 

metalliferous minerals have been found within 
the ocean 's floor . He said " If the present 
dem~nd for the materials of our society 
continues then supplies on land will soon be 
depleated ; it will be necessary to mine the sea 
floor ... 

He stated that an understanding of how the 
ocean solved its problems of natllral pollution in 
the past may aid man in solving his present 
pollution problems. 

DSDP is now in its third year. It is managed 
by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography as 
part of the National Science Foundation's Ocean 
Sediment Coring Program. The scientific 

plannin~ is done by the Joint Oceanographic 
Institutions for Deep Earth Sampling 
(JOIDES ). 

The project was started in August 1968 under 
a $12.6 million contract. In October 1969 a $22.2 
million extension was given the project, thus 
enabl ing it to continue until August 1972. 

Ship Specially Built 
The Projects' ship , the Glomar Claalleager, 

was especially built for use in deep-sea drilling. 

* 

The ship gets its name from the H.M.S, 
Cballu,u used in the first major 
oceanographic expedition in 1876. It established 
the size, shape, and depth of many of the oceans 
of the world. The first name of the ship comes 
from the name of the company which owns its, 
Global Marine, Inc. 

Dr. William A. Nierenberg, director of the 
Scripps Institution of Oceanography, and Dr. 
Melvin N. A. Peterson are the principal 
investigators in the DSDP. Dr. N. Terence 
Edgar is chief scientist. 

Re·entry Coae Is lowered overboard into 
AtlanUc Ocean during Deep Sea Drilling 
Project re-entry trials. Tbe tbree sonar 
reflectors are visible. 

Shafted . .. 
(continued from page 6) 

Of course, we're not the first to feel 
the Regents ' heavy hand , This new 
"post.censorship" is part of the 
general pattern of repression felt 
throughout the UC system in recent 
years . For the moment there's nof 
much we can do about it except hope 
that the current uneasy truce is main. 
tained. But we'd like you to know that 
as of last F.riday we're just a little less 
free. And since we're here to serve you 
doesn't that make you a little less fr~ 
too? 

pollution 
is also a 
staIB of 
mind. 
We hear a lot about 
pollution of air and water. 

K MA~ 
SUTRA 

But what about mental 
pollution? Could it affect 
the environment we 
live in? 
Perhaps the answer to 
dirty rivers and smoggy 
air is purer thinking ... 
more spiritual thinking 
that eliminates the greed 
and self-will that cloud 
Our thoughts, 
To learn more about 
fighting mental pollution, 
come hear a talk by 
Grace Bemis Curtis, a 
teacher and practitioner 
of Christian Science, 
called "Let's Choose 
Heaven Here." Ctristial {'~" ~ ~ M: IC\,llle 

Friday, January 29, 
8:00 p .m. 

Masonic Temple 
14S I Windsor Rood 
Cordiff-by· 'he·Sto 
Tok. Santo F. Dr ive 

off Rout. S to Windsor Rood 
All ARE WELCOME 

Sponsored by 
First Church of Chri.t 
Scientist. Enci"ltos 

THE MOTION PICTURE 
KAMA SUTRA SEEN BY 
MILLIONS OF MEN AND 
WOMEN IN EUROPE 
AND ASIA IS NOW 
FREE TO BE SHOWN 
IN THE UNITED STATES .•. 
ANSWERS QUESTIONS EVEN A MAN AND 
WIFE DON'T DARE ASK EACH OTHER! 

COME TOTH. 

KAMA5UTHA 
I W~NT TO .HOW YOU .OMIITHINOI •• '" oolor 
"US 181 NO ONE UNDER II ADMITTED 
TRRGI (0-1111. NOW PLA YINGI 

A WORLD If BIZARRE PRACTICES 

®~=='= ,., COLOR., v .. "." TRANS AMERICAN RELEASE 
....!II'ftI!"",... ...... 

Map shows tbree ar~as wbere tbe sea floor Is ~preading thus causing the continents to "drift apart." 
~n tbe Soutb Atlantic for example tbe spreadlDg is taking place at the rate of four centimeters (2 
Incbes) per year. 

'Respond' Drug 
Seminar Slated 

Coston H,·rs' Idea Remains 
, • •• In an interview with the 

(continued from page 1) 
TRITON TIMES Hirst said that 
" they can put us in jail bu t they 
can't kill an idea." He said that 

A three-day symposium 
dedi cated to developing 
effective team methods for 
educators to deal with drug use 
and abuse has been set for Feb. 
1- 3 at Hotel Del Coronado in 
Coronado. 

Only "Related" 
Allowed 

he and Coston intend to remain 
Questions active politically no matter 

" Respond ," which will 
involve professionals from 
several fields related to drug 
usage , is sponsored by 
Counseling and psychological 
Services at the University of 
California, San Diego, in 
cooperation with the 
Department of Psychiatry and 
the Student Health Service at 
UCSD. University Extension 
will be handling administra tive 
symposium arrangements. 

The symposium will discuss 
both hazards and values of the 
drug cui ture, provide repu table 
pharmacological information, 
and introduce specific skills for 
handling drug·related 
problems. 

Tyra Garlington, a counselor 
at UCSD, will serve as 
coordinator for the three-day 
meeting. 

Hirst and Coston attempted 
to ask the defense witnesses 
questions relating to their 
political views and campus 
research. The prosecution 
objected several times and the 
court judge usually agreed. 

Towards the end of the trial 
Judge Snell lost patience with 
the defendants. When Hirst 
attempted to make poli tical 
tatements in his closing 

arguments the judge ruled him 
out of order. When Coston rose 
and gave his closing statement 
the group of spectators present 
applauded. Snell ordered the 
co urtroom cleared and 
continued with the trial. 

After the verdict came in 
the assistant city attorney 
handling the case asked that 
the convicted defendants be 
given at least a month in jail 
each. Judge Snell allowed the 
defel)dants to remain on bail 
pending a probation hearing 
and formal sentencing on 
February 26. 

The women -'he games-the power-Ihe work.l·day 
lea lilies oll"e polilical arena . Where friends are Inemi •• ! 
Whel. enemies ale lovers! Where lovers kill! Where political 
death i. no furlhel away Ihan Ihe slip 01 • longue in 
Ihe wrong plica !!! 

COLOR ~""j( 
~EST 
INJl1E 

~LD 

ISLAND 
AT THE MERCY OF LOVE·STARVED AMAZONS! 

ILinlOf LOll 

what the outcome of their case. 
Earlier, student Jerry Hall 

was convicted of interferi ng 
with a police officer, and given 
two .years' probation . Ni ne 
present and former students 
remain to be tried on charges 
of trespassing in connection 
with an order to remain off· 
campus after partiCipa tion in 
the blockage of the 
Chancellor's Office last Spring. 
At least one other former 
student will be tried for 
interferi ng with the police. 
These tria ls are scheduled to 
begin on February 18. 

If 
,.u art i., .. ts,t4 i .... rtf cycle. 

w. Mid I (....,us r.p. 
,.ur "ovt oM tvr ,... .... 1. broad 

aM b_frts for '" 
No phone (ails 

Stop in and see John 

?AC~rlC 
YAMAHA 

1SS6 .arnat IV' 
lIacific IIlIell "1·IS55 

Express your 
ideas 

in 
TRITON TIMES 

Davis Camera 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459-7355 

Triton Times January 29,1971 Page 11 



" 

one 
you want to wor " 
•• •• IS mtervlewmg on 

Fe 
The phone company. Not 

exactly the first place that comes 
to mind when you think about a 
job. 

Maybe it should be. We've 
helped build the best communica-
tions system in the world. Now 
we want you to make it work 
better. Faster. Cheaper. 

Your major isn't as important 
as your ability to get things done. 
Your willingness to take chances, 
even if it means stepping on some 
toes. We'll listen to you. Maybe a 
little painfully at times} but we'll 
listen. 

Page 12 Triton Times January 29,1971 

We think we can offer you 
more than most companies. More 
opportunity, more challenge. 
More of a chance to find out how 
good you are. 

And we pay. Probably more 
than you think we do. Talk to our 
interviewer. We're here to hire. 

Representing: Pacific Telephone • 
Western Electric Company • Sandia 
Corporation. Bell Telephone Labora-
tories • A. T. & T. Long Lines and 
Operating Companies throughout the 
United States. 
EaUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYERS 

@ Bell System 
JOB INTERVIEWS 

Triton Times January 29,1971 Pa,t 13 



It beat 
Ferrari, Porsche, Jaguar 

and Rolls Royce. 
• 

The 1971 Capri from Lincoln-Mercury beat 
everybody. 

It was named "Import Car of the Year" for 
1971 by "Road Test" magazine. 

Here are just a few of the things they had to 
say about the Capri. 

"All of our staff had heavy exposure to the 
car during the months just passed, along with 
dozens of other imports, but despite this varied 
experience, our choice was unanimous." 

" ... in some years it's difficult to pick a single 
one that's outstanding. That was not the case this 
time." 

"Remember "that theoretically, Rolls Royce 
was just as much in contention for this award." 

"To find a match for the car's roadability, 
you have to compare it with something much 
more expensive such as 
a Porsche 914 or 
a Datsun 240Z." 

"Now ... available 
as an option the 
spanking new 100 
horsepower, overhead-
cam four ... and that 
extra cost isn't much ... 
$50 surcharge for the 
optional power. What you 
get for that modest sum is 
a Capri that will do zero to 60 
mph in 11.8 seconds ... 
without sacrificing much if 
any of the 24.5 mpg economy 

served up by the standard model." 
" . .. the Capri corners like a Siamese cat on 

sandpaper." 
"The four-speed gearbox with its fully 

'enclosed 'rail' shift linkage stems directly from the 
LeMans-winning GT40 Fords." 

"No car at any price except the rare few that 
are equipped with genuine ZF boxes can compare 
for shifting ease with the Capri's so-called 'rail-
linkage' in the standard four-speed box." 

" ... options include a three-speed automatic 
transmission ... " 

"Another surPrising feature on a modest-cost, 
volume-produced engine (lOO hp) is the use of 
twin-venturi Weber carburetion. Though probably 
not the same design, the six Weber 2V's used on 

the 12-cylinder Lamborghini cost $1,800 
to replace." 

"The Capri ... represents a remarkable 
bargain .. . it offers outstanding value at any 

reasonable price- say, even $2,900 in 
standard form , , . would be a good 

buy with just normal handling 
characteristics," 

"There's not much 
fault diat can be 

found with the 
Capri, a tangible 

that caused us 
to choose it as 

our Import Car of 
the Year for 1971." 

Unquote. 

The rl. Under $2,500 
mfrs. suggested retail price. 

See your Lincoln-Mercury dealer for his price. 

Page14 Triton Times January 29, 1971 

UCSD Hosts 4th 
Ranked Rhode Island 

Rocley Halfon 
Sports Editor 

Like a gladiator valiantly faCing the lions the UCSD Tritons 
will go up against NAIA's 4th ranked Rh~e Island College 
today. 

With ~hode Isl~1Id boasting statistics like 7th in total offense 
an.d 3rd m teaf!! fIeld goal shooting and having players like Rick 
Wtlson, 28 p~llnts a~erage, and Mike Jordan, .693 from the 
floor, the TrItons WIll be hard pressed to keep their re ord 
from sinking below their present 9-6 standing. 

UCSD w~1I be .mainly relying on the playing of Todd , Wilson 
and LeLevler WIth the help of Dave Wright and newly started 
Sc~tt Wr~ght to pull the team through. Unfortunately, the 
Trllons wII.I n?t h~ve th~ services of freshman forward , Steve 
Hock, who IS sldeltned WIth an ankle injury. 

Rec:reation 
RIDING CLUB TRAIL RIDE 

Sat. Jan. 30, 1971 - 8 a.m. till 12 noon. Monte Vista Ranch EI 
Cajon. Cost for dues paying members : $6. Cost for ~ew 
members who haven't yet paid dues : $6 plus $1 membership 
fee . 

Group will ~ leaving gym parking lot at 7: 15. From 8 to 9 
each person WIll saddle and bridle his own horse. Actual riding 
time is from 9 till 12. 

For further information and to sign up contact Sandy Rokop 
after 6 at 459-8977, or from 8 to 6 at x2195 if necessary. 

The Volleyball Club 
is 

Now being formed! Come to the main gym to play : 
Wed. Feb. 3rd - 8:30-10 :30 p.m. 
Sat. Feb. 13th _. 2:00-4 :00 p.m. 

Tues. Feb. 16th - 8:30-10:30 p.m. 
Call Jeff Gorrell, 755-7931 , if you cannot attend. 

Tbe UCSD Badminton Club 
Is Now being formed!! 
Come to the gym to play on: 

Wednesday, Feb. 3rd - 7:00 · 8:30 pm. 
Saturday, Feb. 13th - 12 : 00 · 2: 00 pm. 
Tuesday, Feb. 16th - 7:00 - 8:30 pm. 

Call Celia Roberts, 453-4295, if you cannol attend. 
HAVE YOU THE STOMACH FOR THIS? . . .. 
Men's DooD bour condilioning program open to stud.ents 

facu lty, and staff - conducted by Russ Hatch.... . begin~ 
Monday, Feb. 1 -12 noon - pool patio. 

~f you want to look better .... feel better ... better sign with 
thlsg~oup . A ~raduated conditioning program complete with 
exerCIses, joUmg, and a choice of swimming, volleyball and 
sauna, to be held Monday through Thursday 12- 1 pm. 
Gymnasium 

Come on out...Shape up ! 

MOVIES 
FOR TURNEDON SPORTS FANS 

llFILMSI 
SNATCH ES 'PSSHT!' 
HOME MOVIE, HE' 
BODY RITUAL'TOES' 
60 SECOND D ELAY· 

~XTREME. 
.... UNCTION' 

11 

-
-

.... 

STANDINGS 

UGLY 
Progerians 2 
Psychology 1 
Abraxas 1 
Argo II 1 
De Anza' 1 
Del M.ar Degenerates 1 
Nocturnal Emission 1 
:Arrhythmia 1 
Medics 
BAD 

0 

Orcs J 
Ball Behrings 2 
Albino Brothers 2 
Killers 1 
Yuba City Honkers 1 
Superspuds 1 
Degspa 0 
Unknown 0 
Hot Damn 0 
Turkeys 0 
GOOD 
Valentlnos Desc iples 2 
Mungrakers 2 
J. C:s Superstars 1 
Ball Busters 1 
.Yummy Yam i Yonies 0 
Plato Potters 0 
Commie Martyrs 0 OPEN 
Rubberband J 
Butfakes 1 
Cantanall 2 
All Stars 2 
Grand Canonical 2 
BOI I 
Scripps 1 
Abracadabra 0 PEEPEE 
Netcrackers 2 
Carrot Juice 2 
Orcs VII I 2 2 
L. S. Cowboys 1 
Knerphs 1 
Yuba City J. V:s 0 
Ball Behrings 0 
PEEWEE 
Frieks Under C. K. 4 
Klayer's Kooks 2 
Heart Break 1 
Phagocytes 2 
Box Boys 0 
Beaujankles 0 
Uncle Ben 0 

• 

There's an S 18,000 
surprise hidden some-
where on the UCSD 
campus. Waiting to 
be found! 

Clues in next week's 
T ri ton Times. 

Clues also available at the 
Coffee Hut starting February 19th. 

0 
0 
0 
0 
1 
I 
2 
2 
J 

0 
0 
0 
0 
1 
2 
1 
2 
2 
2 

0 
1 
1 
1 
0 
I 
2 

0 
0 
I 
I 
1 
2 
J 
4 

0 
1 
1 
1 
2 
1 
2 

0 
0 
I 
I 
2 · 
2 
J 

WRESTLING 

Caged Animal Strikes 
Carol Chillington 

Sparts Writer 

" Her, Ziegler, What's your 
sport? ' 

dan~y : Saichex won by forfeit, 
as dId Correa-who was able to 
get in a brief exercise later 
that evening in an exhibition 
match that ended in a two 
minute pin. Then Wilson put it 
all together (some say he 
swallowed the olive) at 134 and 
pinned, while 142 Ditomaso 
could only manage a 14·6 
decision. But he'd had a rough 
day at the induction center and 
besides, unless he softens up a 
bit, he's not going to have any 
opposition: he was so tough at 
the Cal·Tech Tourney that the 
Pasadena coach wouldn't even 
allow his 142 pounder on the 
mat with Mike. 

"Wrestling. " 
" Oh yeah? Wadda ya 

weigh?" 
"Around 158-162." 
"So what weight do you 

wrestle?" 
"Little of this, little of that. 

Wherev.er coach needs some 
raw meat. Day before 
yesterday I went in at '67 but 
last night I wrestled heavy 
weight. " 

On every team there's one 
guy around in times of 
emergency to stick his thumb 
in the proverbial hole in the 
dike. The wrestling team is no 
different, only Randy Ziegler 
isn't content just to use his 
thumb. He volunteers his whole 
body. 

On a wrestli ng team, 
"emergency" usually means 
an injury and a vacant weight 
class, which then means a 
forfeit and five precious team 
points to the enemy. Coach 
Chuck Millenbah is no 
aficionado of the forfeit, so, 
when the thick dike of Triton 
wrestling aggressiveness looks 
like it's about to spring a leak, 
he looks around and yells for 
Randy. 

In the Pasadena match last 
week, Ziegler went on the mat 
looking like a Christian waiting 
for the lions-and he got one in 
the shape of Doug Steele who 
pinned him in the first period. 
Millenbah had been worried 
about team points when he 
moved Fred Grunewald, the 
regular 167 pounder, up to 190 
where he was almost certain to 
get a pin, and left Ziegler to 
contemplate the joys of human 
sacrifice. 

Tritons Succeed over Pasadena 

Millenbah 's fears proved 
groundless : the Tritons came 
out smelling. like a rose garden 
as Tom Chalchex. 118, won his 
debut match by a fall, Javier 
C!?rrea, Bob Wilson , and Mike 
Dltomaso all accepted forfeits 
and Curtis Tom, John Knapp: 
and Fred Grunewald all took 
pins. The final score was 35-13. 
. It looked loke a rerun of the 

ZIegler coliseum nightmare the 
next day when the grapplers 
travelled to Whittier College 
and met the Poets. For the first 
six weights. everything was 

John Gressard at 150 made 
sure no one went home with 
their finger nails as he won his 
match in the final seconds. 4-3, 
and 158 Curtis Tom added a 
second period pin to what was 
rapidly shaping up as a Triton 
clean sweep. 

Ziegler RemaiDs 
Ready, WilliDg aDd Able 

The 158 pound class came and 
went ; Ziegler was still sitting 
on the bench saying. "Now 
Coach?" and wondering what 
weight class he was supposed 
to wrestle . He had a false 
alarm at 167, but it was 
Grunewald who went to take 
his lurn on the mat, couldn't 
pin the man, and won u-o. 
"Now Coach?" No, the Tritons 
had to forfeit at 177. "Okay 
Coach. I'm ready to go! 190 
here I come. Wait a second .. . 
Where's Knapp going?" Knapp 
wasn 't gone long, anyway: he 
pinned in the third period. 

"Now wait a second . You 
mean I'm wrestling 
heavyweight? Me? 
HEAVYWEIGHT? ME? I'll 
get killed. Look at my ribs. I'm 
so skinny they show through! 
I'll get crushed. I'll get 
mutilated . I'll get... Yes, si r, 
[' II get right out there." 

There wasn't even a look of 
disbelief on his face anymore 
as he walked out on the ma t. 
On ly one of grim 
determination. The Whittier 
Poet must have been thinking 
how fast he 'd stack this guy and 
how soon he 'd be enjoying a hot 
shower. His estimate would 

,---------.." have been right in one respect: 
EUROPE he took an early shower. But only because ZIEGLER 

HOLIDAYS YOU CAN AFFORD STACKED HIM. The match 
that put the dumbfounding 
ecsta tic, final touch on th~ 
Triton 39-5 massacre probably 
wasn't even fair . Ziegler really 
should confine himself to 
picking on guys bis own size. 
He probably weighed twice as 
much as that man by the lime 
you count his heavy 
determination. And on top of 
that, his thumbs weigh an 

Round trip jet";o TWA 
6 wk tour 1,1 countrie, $795, 
9 wk tour 13 countri.. $995 . 
10 wk four 14 counlri.. incl. 
7 day crui .. of 
Greek I •. $1195. 
Students ond faculty only 
80.726, Sie"a Madre, Ca. 91024 
-------__ .J awful lot. 

During the past 5 months 
thousands of SanDtegans 

have taken off with, .. 

~ 
..r .. 
Jl 

Triton Times January 29,1971 Page 15 
, .. 



FRIDAY, 
January 29 

LECTURES -noon, Sumner 
Auditorium ; marine biology 
seminar ; Dr. J . J. Sims, UCR, 
" Seaweed Estractives of 
Pharmacological Interest. " 

3 p.m., Revelle informal lounge; 
philosophy colloquium ; Professor 
Olafson, Harvard, "Heidegger and 
the Disappearance of 
Consciousness ... 

3 p.m. S013 BSB ; AMES· 
Bioengineering seminar ; Dr. Savio 
Woo, "Structural Analysis of 
CorneoScleral Shell." 

8 p.m., Masonic Temple, 1401 
Windsor Rd , Cardiff ; Christian 
Science lecture by Grace Curtis, 
"Let's Have Heaven Here." Free, 
everyone welcome. Sponsored by 
First Church of Christ, Scientist, 
Encinitas. 
ART-S p.m. UCSD Art Gallery : 
performances by graduate art 
students. Helen Henning, Alyson 
Roberts, and Fred Lonidier. 
MOVIES-7:30 (first show ), USB 
2722 ; Friday Night Flicks ; 
" Monterey Pop." 

Unicorn-D. H. Lawrence 's 
" Women In Love," along with a 
filTi by Marty Topp, " From the 
Invasion of the Thunderbolt 
Pagoda " Ca II 459-4341 for more 
information. 
MU IC-S:30 p.m., Recital Hall 
( 409M C); Sven Han se ll , 
harpsichordi t, and Andre Granat, 
violinist. playing sonatas by 
Tartini. Free. 
SPORTS-basketball ; 6 p.m., JV 
plays Cal Western here. 

S p.m Varsity plays Rhode 
Island College here. swimming : 
3:30 p.m. UCSD vs Pomona 
College here. 

RECREATION-international 
folkdancing ; 8-12 p.m., 201 MC. 

SATURDAY, 
January 30 

MUSIC- S:3O p.m. Recital Hall 
(409MC ); music for Contrabass 
and Friends, IV. New Works for 
contrabass performed by Bertram 
Turetzky. Free. 
SPORTS-basketball; S p.m. UCSD 
vs. Sonoma State there. 

fencing;5 p.m., UCSD vs. 
UCLA here. 

rugby 2nd XV; 1 p.m UCSD vs. 
Loyola I here. 

rugby; 3 p.m., UCSD vs. Loyola 
II here. 

wrestling ; noon, UCSD vs. Cal 
Tech here. 
MOVIE -6:30 p.m.; Sumner 
Auditorium ; " Midsummer Night's 
Dream," full length version (not 
shown on TV ) with Diana Rigg. 
Tickets in advance at Urey Hall 
Lobby or at the door. 
MEETI G -8 p.m., Revelle 
Formal Lounge ; Young People's 

atural Health Club meet . 
Everyone interested in good health 
i invited. 
RADIO- ll a.m., KECR 93.3 FM ; 
listen to a panel of students di cuss 
today's increasing intere t in 
astrology and the occult on 
" Runaway World ." 

SUNDAY, 
January31 

SPORT -8 p.m . ba ketball ; 
UCSD var ity plays UC Davis at 
Davis. 

Presents 

Sat. Jan. 30 

PARTY- 2 p.m., 250 MC; help 
decora te the Community 
Interaction oHice - fingerpainting 
party. 

MONDAY, 
February 1 

LECTURES-3 p.m., 2250-2A ; 
APIS seminar on the evolution of 
the solar system; Dennis Crossley, 
" The Prarie Network for 
Determining the Orbits of 
Meteorites (" Poor Man's Space 
Research")." 

4 p.m., 3070 USB ; theoretical 
solid state physics seminar ; Dr. 
Wong , USC, " Pair Theory of 
Bosons." 

4 p.m., USB 2622 ; chemistry 
colloquim ; Dr. Hans Suess, 
"Global Pollution." 

7:30 p.m., 1110-2C ; Professor 
Donald Norman, " How 
Psyc hologi sts Distort Case 
Grammar." 

8:30 p.m., Revelle Cafeteria ; 
Revelle Guest . in . Residence 
committee presents Dr. Michael 
Cric hton, author of " The 
Andromeda train." open to the 
public. 

01 CU SIONS-IO a.m. and 4 p.m., 
Revelle informal lounge : informal 
di cus ions wi th Dr. Michael 
Crichton , author of "The 
Andromeda train." 

7:30 p.m. private dining hall , 
Muir Commons; group simulation 
orie ntation for Com munity 
Interaction.' All students and 
faculty are invited to come and to 
participate in the mock · sessions 
of dialogue. 

PORTS-ba ketball, 8 p.m.; 
UCSD vs. UC Davis at Davis. 
folkdancing : 8-10:30 p.m. we t 
balcony in the gym. 

MIDSUMMER'S NIGHT DREAM 
with Dianne Rigg and the Royal 

Shakespeare Company 
plus 

THE ANATOMY OF A MURDER 
with James Stewart, 
Ben Gazzara, lee Remick 

j1:'OO P.M. at Sumner Aud. (Scripps) 

8:30 P.M. at 2722 USB 

C LAS S I FIE D S' 
Personals For Sale Services 

NEEDED DESPERATELY 
Paper en URBAN PROBLEMS 
"ED. TRANSPORTATION 
HOUSING etc." 
t.1I HARRY 411·"29 Will Pay 

Wanted: 10·speed bike 23" or 
24" in good condition. t.1I 454· 
5613 

BABYSITTER wanted Mesa 
Apts. 10 hours per week until 
June. Prefer baby loving stu· 
dent with own transportation. 
453·8783 

ROOMMATE WANTED 
Students with house in Del Mar 
have room for 1 female, Rent 
$65. All necessities provided. 
Call 755-3990 evenings. 

A BETTER BED! King size 
water bed, $55.18. The Water 
Hole, 4Z8! EI Cajon Blvd. Z. 
zau: 
COSMETICS. For ' 9·25e s.m. 
pies 'of Randal non-allerglc 
Cosmetics, (made from fruits, 
herbs, ferns, flowers, etc. and 
no harmful chemicalsL Dnd 
only$1.00 to Randall Cosmetics 
P,O, Box 2019, La Jolla, t.lif. 
State of skin is dry, normal, or 
combination. 

Nikko 70-Watt RMS Stereo 
Receiver AMI FM Tuner, Pre -
Amp, Amp. List $239 New. 
Absolutely Must Sell Within 2 
Weeks. DAVE : 755·6192 

SKIERS 
Almost BRAND NEW "Lange 
Pros" 8·1/ 2 M. Will Sell 112 
price, CALL : 755·3990. 

SLOOP: 18· 112 foot, dacs, out· 
board cabin with 2 bunks , Many 

r-"A-N-N-O-U-N-C-E-M-E-N-T-S--' extras 5450. Mooring also avail· 
able for small cost, 453·6220 

Europe Charters . Severa I 
schedules available . Coor· 
dinator : Professor Margaret 
Pul. 247 Roycroft, Long Beach, 
90803. 213·438·2179 

Students interested in hard work 
and the sa ti sfac tion of 
accomplishment who are de irous 
of participating in the Camp Elliot 
Childrens camp development 

For Sale-1967 Datsun, 4-door 
Sedan, Automatic, Good Condi· 
tion, Radio, $1 ,045. Phone Lewin 
X 1072 or 454·7352 

contact Bruce Morden at ext.2111 . '--------------, 

The Winzor Snack Bar at the 
Medical School is now open 
evenings until 9 p.m. 

UCSO YEARBOOK- anyone who 
has worked on a yearbook, who 
would like to start a yea rbook here, 
see Diddo Clark, box 6529, J·86 
Muir. 

ryplng~r accurate Typing on 
electric pica-term papers, 
theses, manuscripts etc. call 
Mrs, McCroskey 287·1607 
DISTlNTlVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule, Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8888 
LORANCHET·Goodman studio, 
La Jolla . Custom Designed 
Wedding Bands and Sets, un· 
usual and striking. Complete 
facilities for Custom Centrlfu· 
gal casting. 459·9241. 

Expert Tailoring 
Michels Fashion Tailor 
alteration and remodeling fo r 
men and ladles, Clothes, out of 
style, lost or gain weight, don't 
be discouraged. Bring them in 
for re.fitting, reasonable prices, 
expert in leather and fur. Drive· 
in parking . 633 Pearl St. 

Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 
Try James Automotive Service 
American and Foreign cars 
Repairs and Polution control. 
Student Discount 7741 Herschel 
La Jolla (in the rear) 459·9181 
Typing , , . Experienced 
typist .. . term papers, theses, 
Electric typewriter. Will do 
rush jobs. 453·6835. 
TYPING SERVICE-reason· 
able rates. 454·6316 

A.S. FRIDAY NIGHT FLICKS 
Presents 

"Monterey Pop!" 
Friday, Jan. 29 in 2722 
5:45 p.m.-8: 15 p.m. 

Special midnight show 
in the gym. 

Bring blankets-pillows 
and munchie 

Midnight show features 
extra special shorts. 

'ic~.ts available for both shows at Urey Hall Box Office. 

Plge 16 Triton Times Jlnulry 29, 1971 


