
' 0# 

triton ti 
Vo'ume 12, Hum"" 6 University 01 (a'ilornia, San Diego 

Regent's Meeting 

UCNewspaper Guidelines 
Approved With Provisions 

Carl Neiburger 
City Editor 

The Regents' Committee on Educational 
Policy approved guidelines for student 
newspapers yesterday. The approval, however, 
included the understanding that a 
representative delegated by the chancellor 
review each issue within 24 hours after 
publication for rule violations. The proposal 
will come before the full board today for final 
approval. 

UCSD Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
George Murphy agreed with Haskins in an 
interview with the TRITO TIMES. He said 
that before the amendement it was presumed 
that " the papers would be consistent with the 
guidelines" which, he observed, they had helped 
to write. He said that " the reversal (of this 

On Page 3 Interview with 
WILSON RILES, Supt. of Public 
Instruction and New UC Regent. 

FriJay, January 22, '''' 

Regent John Canaday, who first brought the 
matter of student papers before the board, 
introduced the 24 hour provision as one of four 
provisions he desired to be amended to the 
guidelines submitted to the Regents. The other 
three provisions stated that " responsibility for 
the conduct of student publications is vested in 
the chancellor, that apparent violations of the 
by-laws should be referred immediately to the 
proper body," (the Communications Board ), 
and that the chancellor may overrule the 
Communications Board or act if the board does 
not do so within three weeks of the date that any 
complaint is received, 

presumption ) is what I think is not really 
necessary." However, he foresaw no change in 
administrative policy at UCSD, other than that 
someone will be required to read the TRfTON 
TIMES every day. 

UCSD Scientists mesmerize media representatives at conference on Tuesday. (story on page 2) 

Los Angeles Chancellor Charles Young 
addressed the board, saying, "I don't think they 
(the provisions) establish any new policy, what 
they do is describe the way in which the process 
works." 

Committee Established to Evaluate 
Teachers and to Improve Methods 

Papers Placed "In Opposition" 
DAILY BRUIN editor Ann Haskins, however, 

told the Regents that the provisions "place the 
papers in direct opposition to the chancellor. " 
She explained that While the provisions merely 
express what has been implicit policy, they do 
so in such a way that presumes that the 
newspapers will violate rules. She compared the 
24 hour rule to administrative inspection of the 
Associated Students or the Academic Senate on 
a 24 hour basis. 

Student Activists 

Reworkings Draw Compliment 
Regent Canaday, who had previously been 

highly critical of a number of campus 
publications, complimented the administrators 
and students on their work on developing the 
and reworking the guidelines. He explained that 
the guidelines "serve a very useful purpose" as 
a tool for each chancellor to meet problems that 
may occur on his individual campus. 

Canaday emphasized that "I do not now and 
have not ever had in mind any intention to pre-
censor newspapers." He said that he was aware 
that pre-censorship is prohibited by law-"and in 
my mind rightfully so," he added. 

Regent DeWitt A. Higgs, who comes from San 
Diego, complimented the TRITON TIMES, 
saying " If it is an example of campus papers, I 
thoroughly approve of it. " He indicated that he 
had seen the last several issues of the TRITON 
TIMES and was having it sent to him regularly. 
" It is a very professional-like newspaper at this 
time," he said. 

Canaday had earlier complained of a 
photograph depicting four nudes posing on a 
water bed in the Dec. 1 issue of the TRITO 
TIMES. In a letter to Chancellor Herbert York, 
he sta.1ed that he had received a copy of the 
issue with a petition complaining about it signed 
by a mother of a student and 17 of her friends. 

(continued on page 2) 

Robert Miller 
Staff Writer 

A committee dealing with 
teacher evaluation and 
improvement is presently in an 
embryoni c stage of 
development, according to 
Muir Provost John Stewart, 
chairman of that committee. 

Designed to enhance the 
relationship between faculty 
and students, the Committee on 
Teacher Evaluation and 
Improvement hopes to 
establish a process that will 
lead to better communication 
between the professors and 
their students. According to 
Stewart, this will facilitate the 
process of improving teaching 
methods and course selection, 
and it will provide both the 
professors and the students 
with an added dimension for 
their understanding each other. 

"Suth evaluations would 
generate meaningful and useful 
information that an individual 
could use to restructure his 
course. It would be a form of 
constructive criticism in a 

3 On Trial; 11 Get Continuances 
Frank Phillips 
Staff Writer 

On Tuesday morning nine present and former UCSD students 
charged with trespassing during last Spring's campus 
disturbances were given a 30 - day delay before the beginning 
of their trials in an Diego County Municipal Court. Two other 
tudents charged with related but more serious offenses were 

also given continuances. On Wednesday morning, however , 
three students charged with crimes relating to the sit-ins in 
Urey Hall and Building 2A-prime did go on trial. 

The joint trial of Jim Hirst, a City College student, and Bruce 
Coston has provided ·the most interest in two days of legal 
maneuvering involving the 14 person charged with various 
crime re ulting from the prote ts of Defen e Department 
funding for campu research. At the outset of their trial the 
two defendants fired th ir attorney and requested a 
continuance 0 that th y could obtain new coun el. 

Lawyer Not Qualified 
Hirst told the court that he had poken with a Long Beach 

law er named John Atla and that Alia had agreed to tak 
th ir ca . Aft r som difficulty Judg harle n 11 contacted 
Alia and found that he wa not licen d to practic In 

alifornia . Judge nell then gave th d f ndants th choic of 
r rnaining with th ir court - appoint d attorney or def ndin 
th m Ives. 

Hir tand ostoncho to defend th m Ives Hir'llat rtold 
th Triton Time that hand 0 ton int nd d to condu t a 
political defen . The.ir aim becarn apparent durtng jur 

lection on Wednesday and Thursday. Th d fendant , ov r 

the objections of the prosecution, asked questions of 
perspective jurors relating to their altitudes toward labor 
unions and the war in Viet Nam. Several time. Judge Snell 
admonished the defendants to relate their question more to the 
charges before the Court. 

Hirst is charged with battery on campus police officer 
Conrad Grayson, obstructing public officer in th 
performance of their dutie , and di turbing the peace b u ing 
vulgar and ob cene language in a loud and boisterous manner 
in the presence of women and children. Th women and 
children in this case were apparently U D tud nt . 

Co-defendant Coston i charged with batt ry on R veil 
College Dean Tom Hull , ob tructing public officer in th 
p rformance ()f their dutie and unlawfully wearing a ma k for 
th purpose of evading id ntification in the commi IOn of a 
crim . All of the charge again t 0 ton and Hir t re ult d 
from their parti ipation in the April 30 it-in at Building 2 -
prim on th Muir ampu and the May 11 it-in at rey Hall 
on th R veil ampu '. 

On harge Dropped 
While jury. lection continued in th lIir t and 0 ton tn I 

D tud nt J rry Hall wa bing tned d wn th hall for 
Int rf rring with a p ac offic r during th May 11 it-tn . 
E rlier in th day a char e of mali iou ml chi t wa dropped 
That charge r ult d from a d r handl in br k n In a 
truggl with ampu poli e 
Hall' tnal wa exp ct d to be ov r by today but the trial of 

JIm Hir t and Bruce 0 ton may last unltllate n t w ek Th 
trial have been att nd d by 20 to 25 0 tud nt 

healthful way that would 
provide that man with solid 
information, " said Stewart. 

But when a valid survey can 
be developed and implemented 
will depend on solving 
dilemmas concerning how the 
program is to be carried out. 

Hitch Request Plan 
This move towards 

instituting such a committee 
was stimulated by the request 
of UC President Charles Hitch 
as part of the direction the 
University is currently 
following in placing more 
emphasis on undergraduate 
education. 

" I am asking each 
Chancellor to develop a plan of 
action appropriate to his 
campus for strengthening or 
re-affirming the commitment 
to under graduate 
education,including the steps to 
be taken to carry out the plan. 
Each campus mu t act to 
ensure that undergraduate 
tudents receive educa tion of 

the highe t po sible level. The 
undergraduate program must 
significantly involve faculty of 
all ranks at all levels, including 
the lower division." said Hitch 
in a published talemenl. 

The first meeting of the 
Committee on Teacher 
Evaluation and Improvement, 
wa held la t week to 
d termin the nature and the 
future of uch a program. 
In attendance were 
r pre entative of the 
admini tration. th facult and 
the student . 

departments or the indiVIdual 
profes ors use their own 
me!hods, if so desired , to get 
some feedback on their 
execution. 

The merits and problems of 
uch a program were discussed 

at last week 's meeting of the 
committee . From the 
standpoint of the student, a 
program of teacher evaluation 
would ten'! to increase the 
quality of the undergraduate 
experience in the clas room by 
raising the effectivenes 01 the 
teachers, according to AS 
President Mike Palcic, who is 
on the committee. 

"Thi would provide the 
system of continuous feedback 
that would enhance tbe 
undergraduate 's ability to get a 
better education. As a re ult, 
the professor knows the student 
reaction and this will improve 
the over-all ability of the 
University to relate to the 
tudent . What we do with a 

teacher evaluation program is 
of maximum benefit to the 
tudent which will in turn lead 

to th betterment of the 
profe sors." said Palcic. 
Provide "Sy tematic 

Feedback" 
Dr . Mort haevi tz , a 

committee member and the 
head of Coun elling and 
P ychological ervice on 
campu , felt the program "will 
be a useful thing for the faculty 
and the tuilents, not a a 
cudgel , but a something that 
th y can re pond to and get 
involved in which would 
produce ystematic feedback .. 

Pilot Program Hoped 
pring 

n th other hand , Dr Percy 
for Ru 11 , a committ memb r 

and a member of the Med 
chool facult , aId the 

publicatIOn of the re ult would 
be a "a litt! har h and hard. 

peCially on n w p opl .. H 
went on to y that p rhap It 
would better If th r ult 
hould b given to th 

Individual pr f 
R ill lii .. l 

Prof 
Thl led 

con Ider til 
Implementln 
r ult into 
program for th pr f . or 
t wart rou ht out th grea t 

probl m In takln apr 
(continued OD page 3) 



R gents ... 
(conliDued from page 1) 

By·la". Not Violated 
York ~el~gated the matter to UCSD's 

CommunicatIOns Board for investigation. After 
a two hour meeting with TRITON TIMES staff 
members at which the article with the 
photograph and several other TRITON TIMES 
articles were discussed, the Communications 
B.oard agreed that the TRITO TIMES had not 
VIolated any of its by-laws but had acted 
responsibly. Vice Chancellor Murphy told the 
TRIT.ON TIMES that a response to Canaday, 
relaymg the Comm Board's £indings, is now 
being drafted. 

Earl.ier at th~ CEP meeting, the Regents' 
commIttee receIved progress reports on the 
Equal Opportunity Program and the Project 
_Clea~ AIr Program. While Vice President for 
RelatIOns WIth Schools Frank Kidner reported 
that EO~ has been generally a success, Project 
~Iean Dlrec~or Ernest Starkman indicated that 
smce the AIr Re~urces Board has not given 
approval to spendmg funds for his project , " we 
have not been able to do any research 
wha tsoever ." 

TOKYO 
TAIPEI 
HONG KONG 

Moon Rocks 
Owen Joyner 

Associate City Editor 

"At 70, you can't convince 
people you're going to be 
around much longer ," says 
Harold C. Urey. But if the 
press conference he and (our 
other UCSD moon -rock 

scienti~ts held this week is any 
mdlcatlOn, questions about the 
moon will be around for a long 
long time. ' 

What's more , if every 
scientist in the world were to 
agree that the moon was 
actually green cheese, that the 
cheese was left behind when 
the cow jumped over it and tha~ the jump took place in the 
spnng of 1612, the information 
media would still have 
questions. Like, "Dr. (Gustaf) 

Arrh~nius, could you briefly 
explain to our viewing audience 
what 'cheese' is?" Or, "Dr. 

(Alber~ E.) Engel , being a 
geologIst, could you take a wild 

~nd excitingly speculative slab 
In the dark as to what color this 
cow might have been? " 

certainty column yet. Apollo 14 
might. 

Right now, composition 
studies suggest tha t the moon 
has always been a body 

~parated from earth, although 
It may have been formed right 
next door and a t the exact 
same time. Other studies 
indicate an age of 4.6 billion 
years, and give a most· recent . 
remelting figure that ranges 
f~om 4.0 to 3.0 billion years in 
dIfferent places. Studies of 
cosmics ray effects indicate 
that some rocks have been 
exposed on the surface for as 
long as 500 million years, and 
others for only 30 million. 
Seismometers left on the 
surface indicate a high 
incidence of low·f orce quakes. 

ROUND TRIP ~obel Prize winner Dr. Harold Urey expatlatlDg OD a critical 
CONNECTING FLIGHTS TO poInt before DewsmeD OD Tuesday, 

Really, though, KOGO and 
TV 8 shot film, period , and the 
UNION and TRIBUNE 
combined for exactly zero 
probing questions. The man 
from the CHRISTIAN 
SCIENCE MONITOR asked the 
only questions and drew the 
only answers of technical 
substance. 

Urey and Prof. Kurt Marti 
have developed a suggested 
history of the moon, based 
largely on the Apollo findings. 
They say the moon formed at a 
fairly low temperature and 

t~en ":Ielted enough to 
dIfferentiate into layers. Re· 
cooling, the surface became 
£irm enough to retain craters 
from the collisions of meteors 
bu t some collisions produced 
lava - flows from the interior 
forming the present maria , 0; 
seas. These flows served as 

insu~a!ion in some places, 
retammg enough heat for a 
local re·melting of rocks 
which is where Apollo 11 and 12 
rocks come from. 

SINGAPORE, MANILA, OA~'I,j~OK ·.I _____________________ ' 
SEOUL AND CALCUTTA. 

NOW A MOTION PICTURE 
NO ONE UNDER 18 ADMlnED 
STARTS WED. JAN. 27 

•• 

THfATlIE ' BrllWJWAY AT ZNO 
Z33-6541 OP'iN NOON 

AND A DRIVE·IN 

, .. ..;-,,;;-;; 
.. _, & therapeulic 

WATERBEDS 
~,~ ~ '0 

'Ii- ~,o\ ~ 't~lyb 
I •• fl_, illtrtHludor, .. k 

KING $5500 
SIZE 
.... lthful. • .. tful SIMp 

The Waterbole 
"'-1M 4212 
2IO-UII II Cel'" IMI. 
.••..............•..... 

EUROPE 

MANY 
FLIGHTS 

TO 
CHOOSE 

FROM 

for i.formD,in (011 or . rill : 
flitlot e""n" 
' .0. I .. 254. 
S.I .... , e.~f. .UGS 1'" (41S) .... 2S11 

Nome . . . 

I Addre" . . . , . . . '1 

Lon~ Way ~'Igh:' ~re ~.ail~~'. " ---~ 

The ZINCUS 

I1TUsia 

HOLIDAYS YOU CAN AFFORD 
Ravnd trip iet via TWA 
6 wk tour 11 eovntrie. $795, 
9 wk lovr 13 eovnt".. $995. 
10 wk tour 14 eoun'ri •• incl, 
7 do y erui.e of 
Greek Is. $1195 , 
Students and faculty only 
80.726, Sierra Madr., Co. 91024 

o:f it! -jtv.ill' 
Mission Valley Center S 
Grossmont Center 

THE GO LD EN 0 LD IE 
I FILMp?'Q~IETY 

ON THE WATERFRONT JAN'.23 ~ Aarlon Rrnndo 
Rod Steiger 

lee J. Cobb 
Carl Malden 

Sumner Auditorium 6:50 

THE CAINE MUTINY 
Tickets available at Urey Hall Box 

Office $1 .00 for series 
Individual tickets at the door 75' per night. Humphrey Bogart 

..... - ...... --....---~----------JAN. 
30 

MIDSUMMER'S NIGHT DREAM 
Royal Shakespeare Company with Dianna Rigg 
THE ANATOMY OF A MURDER 
with James Stewart, Ben Gazzara, lee Remick 

PAGE 2 TRITON TIMES JANUARY 22, 1971 

Mo~t of the simple-sounding 
questions asked by the media 
actually demanded highly 
technical answers. Hence the 
scientists were frequently 
launched into talks among 
them se I ve s in esoteric 
laboratory - jargon. Neverthe-
less, several things of interest 
were explained. Apollo 11 has 
relegated no questions to the 

Prof. James Arnold applied 
his study of cosmic ray tracks to 
the question of earth 's ice ages. 
He concluded that the sun is not 
to blame, that it is "a very 
constant star." The ice ages 
must therefore be explained by 

(CODtiDUed OD page 6) 

"""' ..... 
--

TOMORROW NITE ONLY - 3 SHOWINGS 
WITH SPECIAL MIDNITE SHOW 

TICKETS AVAILABLE 
UREY HAll BOX OFFICE 

PLACE: USB 2722 
$1.00 SHOW TIME, 7:30 - 10:00 - 12:15 

New Regent Wilson Riles 
Seeks to Strengthen UC 

Teacher Evaluation .... 

Robert Miller 
Staff Writer 

" I am dedicated to strengthening the 
University of California. I see no reason why it 
can not be the best in the world with the talent 
and the resources we have in California." So 
said Dr. Wilson Riles , the new California 
superintendant of public instruction and ex-
officio member of the UC Regents in a 
telephone interview with the Triton Times. 

Riles, who will attend his first Regent 's 
meeting today, views the present relationship 
between the students, and the administration 
and Regents as being a vicious circle. 

"There have been problems that the students 
are unhappy about. Apparently they were not 
heard and their views did not fall on very 
receptive ears when they did get through," said 
Riles. 

RecreatloD Creates " MerrY'gG-Round" 
He feels the public reaction against student 

activities created an atmosphere that enabled 
the Governor 's office and the California 
legislature to bring in their policies. This, 
according to Riles, has created a merry-gG-
round syndrome with little rational assessment 
of the situation by both sides. 

"What I'd like to do is to get at the root causes 
and at whatever else is possible to get people 
involved in strengthening the University rathel' 
than the choosing up of sides within different 
philosophical camps. Everyone loses unless we 
can identify the problem and move forward 
together, " Riles said . 

Commenting on the recent budget freeze 
placed on University funds , Riles said that the 
monetary situation should be approached from 
a different perspective. He advocates 
establishing the goals and needs of the 
University first, and then proceeding with the 
finances from there. 

campus that nourishes amicable relationShips 
cond~cive to expression with dignity and truth , 
not VIOlence. 

A breakdown in communications, states 
Riles, is a major contributor to the crisis in the 
University. He noted that " if we can open up 
systematic discussion and debate together, then 
we can come to grips with the best possible 
direction to follow. " 

ActioDs , Not Tbougbts 
On campus politics, and in particular on cases 

like those of Angela Da vis and Herbert Marcuse 
which involve UC professors with a radical 
political stance, Riles feels that their position 
must be viewed in terms of their actions not 
their thoughts . ' 

Riles said he is not concerned with radical 
faculty members as long as the political view 
does not interfere with the individual'S job. 

"The criteria to be used to judge the professor 
is not his or her political views, but whether 
they use their position to propound their own 
political philosophy or if they try to disrupt the 
University to promote their own views rather 
than promoting free and honorable 
scholarship," said Riles. 

He said admission to the University of 
minority groups should be evaluated in terms of 
objectivity and fairness . Riles stated that if the 
present means of selecting incoming minority 
students is unfair and arbitrary because they 
come from culturally deprived backgrounds, 
than the criteria should be changed. 

But Riles also said that the graduating 
minority students should have acquired the 
same standard of achievement as any UC 
graduate. 

"Our basic concern i that we expect a 
student to perform well. Any student must come 
out of the University as a scholar. If we are not 
careful , we will set up a dual kind of student and 
end up with another type of second-class 
citizen," said Riles. 

(continued from page 1) 
teacher and making him a good 
one. " It is destructive cruelly 
to frighten and embarrass a 
professor when no offer of 
resources to remedy the 
situation are offered ," he said. 

Plans for an agency on 
campus to deal with teacher ' 
improvement once the 
evaluations can be diagnosed is 
also a future plan of this 
committee. 

Don Helinski. Revelle 
Biology Professor and a 
committee member, feel s that 
UCSD is in a good position to 
take some steps to improve 
teacher performances. "We 
are still sma II enough to 
achieve proper student-faculty 
relations which would enable 
us to work up to a beneficial 
association. We must put some 
teeth into procedures or 
programs that would make the 
guy do the job in the 
classroom," he said . 

Other areas discussed at the 
meeting, besides the search for 
what constitutes an accurate 
evaluation were : 

-Ho w is accurate 
information provided to a 
student who has an option in 
selecting his courses? 

- How does one approach 
those with the power, such as 
Dept. Chairmen, in order to 
help improve the individual 
professor's performance? 

- How is proper information 
conveyed to the Provost (who 
is responsible for final faculty 
hiring and firing decisions ) or 
the Budget Committee (which 
is responsible for allocation of 
funds for professorial 

appointments and promotions) 
in terms of the teacher's 
ability? 

- How are the survey results 
made known to the faculty and 
the students? 

Residual Benefits Expected 
Dr. Stewart hopes that such 

an evaluation and 
improvement program would 
have several residual benefits. 
He expressed hope that means 
for evaluating and aiding 
Teaching Assistants ' 
performance and for helping to 
train prospective professors 
would be established. He also 
said that a possible result would 
be more sophisticated teaching 
techniques. 

Help for Minority Students 
Dr. Russell . who is in charge 

of the minority admissions 
committee at the Med School , 
said ,. I am primaril y 
interested in teacher 
evaluation so far as minority 
students' special problems are 
concerned. We should devote a 
large segment of our training, 
which will come from the 

If 
you ar. inter,steel in matlf (ytles 

w. ",,4 • (ampus: r.p. 
",.n <loul o.d •• r ,10 •• quol. broad 

OM bo.olil. for 'OU 

No phone (ails 
Stop in and see John 

?AC~f~C 
VAMAHA 

1556 .arnet IV. 
lei fie .. uch 418·1555 

survey results , to help the 
minority students who are not 
prepared to compete with other 
students, and to enable them to 
function better in the 
classroom situa tion ." 

Remarked Dr. Shaevitz, 
" This issue cuts across the 
whole function of the 
University - the matter of the 
excellence of teaching." 

"We ~ust get out of the bag of simply making 
cuts WIthout any concepts of what they will 
mean. Instead , the funding of the University 
should be done with the role of the student's 
education in mind . A consensus on priorities 
must be obtained once the goals are agreed 
upon , and then we can talk in terms of 
resources," said Riles . 

He remarked that he plans to visit all the UC 
campuses in the future as an observer. 

" I want to spend some time getting to know 
the situation. I plan to visit the campuses and 
talk and listen to the students at the grassroots 
level. I hope to get all the ava ilable information 
before taking any action as a member of the 
Regents. I want to be in a position of having the 
information from the best possible sources," 
said Riles. 

18thRECORDBREAKINGWeek! . .. andstillflyinghigh. ~ 
SteWardesses Violent Protest "Counter-Productive" 

Riles emphatically stated that he could not 
condone violent protest. He said it was counter· 
productive. He cited his plans for the prevention 
of campus violence by saying, " if I can play any 
role at all on the Regents, it will be one of 
findi ng ways and means by which inputs by the 
students can be gathered in a fair and objective 
way. If ideas are to clash in a free atmosphere 
without violence, I don't know where else in our 
society that it can take place at but the 
University.' . 

AD SALESMEN NEEDED 
see Jeff Fried 

TRITON TIMES OFFICE 
Riles said he desires an environment on the 

WOULD YOU BELIEVE 

S83.00 
. PER N.GHT 

Come with me and see. 
Must be neat appearing, 

and have own transportation. 
Part-time now r full time this summer. 
Call 583-0630 between 10 A.M. & 

5 P.M. Mon. - Fri. to arrange 
a personal interview. 

DON'T TRUST YOUR ~EMORY .•. 
TRUST ACTION·CORDER! 

Your world of sound is just as beautiful as 
your world of sight - when you have the 
right machine to capture it. And Sony's Te-
40 Action-corder is the sound machine! It's 
the world 's finest miniature cassette re-
corder. With its sensitive built-in condenser 
mike you can pick up anything your ears 
can hear - at any distance. And like a cam-
era, the Model 40 Action-corder will pre-
serve all your memorable moments - as 
reward ing and enjoyable as your collection 
of photographs. So don't allow life's memor· 
able moments to slip by. Capture them 
forever with the Action-corderl 
It's only $99.95! 

la iolla music 
1128 wall la iolla 

459·3375 

Davis Camera 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

1117 Fay 459-7355 

EUROPE - ISRAEL - EAST AFRICA 
• Studenl travel discounls 
• Official SOfA agenl for over 2000 inter-European student 
charter flight 
• International Student 10 card 
• 2 month student Eurailpass $125 
* 3 weeks camping in Russia and Czechoslovakia $156 
• 5 weeks camping in Spain. Portugal and Morocco $230 
• London-Capetown 7 week Africon Safari $641 
CONTACT: ISeA 

11687 San Vicente Blvd . 114 
l. A. Calif. 90049 
(213) 826-5669 

">I~ 

Donald Sutherland 
ALEX IN 

WONDERLAND 
00 ~MOREAUOlliii 

EL CAJON BLVD. AT 63RD ST. e 286·1455 
JANUARY 22,1971 TRITON TIMES PAGE 3 



MD lap: 

tiIlles Vitamin C For Colds? 
University of California, San Diego 

1.1 .101", Californil 92037 v. I ••• rt All •• , M.D. 
(7141 453-2000, ext. 1016, Advertising ext. 1017 Dear Doctor Allen : 

Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The editoriall expressed below are :fproved by the TRITON TIMES Editor~1 Board. ~U other opinions 
expressed on this page are those the author. whoM namel appear In the bylines, and do not 
necessorily reflect the views of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone desiring to lubmit material to be published in 
thisseetion should ,.nd it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, UCSO. 

Can you address yourself to the growing belief 
that Vitamin C is effective in preventing colds, 
and also valuable in curing colds? 

Terry 

Dear Terry : 

Third College GadJlies People believe what they want to believe, as is their right. I wouldn' t attempt to interfere unless their belief constitutes a clear danger to their well-being. Fortunately, Vitamin C, or 
ascorbic acid , does not appear to be a very toxic 

If there's one thing that's becoming 
increasingly clear to us, it's that the 
campus conservatives, who have been 
most vocal in the condemnation of 
"radicals," are prepared to use the 
very tactics they criticize-:' While 
talking in terms of ethics and morality, 
they've learned by ' example all too 
well, and now actively employ the age-
old "ends justify the means " 
ph iI osoph Y . 

So it is that Prof. Jack Doug las 
decided to take the law into his own 
hands last November . Douglas, self-
appointed vigilante and prosecutor of 
Third College , decided that in-
formation thought to be contained in 
certain files was more important than 
Academic Senate protocol. 

substance, so it doesn' t hurt <to take it if you 
ministrative and academic depart- . want to. 
ments - should be open to the campus. As to whether it does any good, that's 
But the preliminary working stages of something else. Fads to prevent or cure the 
committees is a time for con - common cold come and go. I can remember 
fidence . Most committees couldn't these, offhand : (I) bioflavinoids (vitamin-like 
operate otherwise. sub~tan~es .that w~re suppo.sed to make your 

, .. capillafles ImpervIOUS to Viruses ), (2 ) honey 
. Dou~l.as views on Third CoI.lege ~re and vinegar, (3) whiskey and milk, (4 ) 

hiS priVilege. But the manner In. whl~h turpentine, (5) mustard plasters, (6) whiskey 
he seeks to promulgate these views IS and sugar, (7) garlic, (8) hot lemonade, (9) 
not . We feel he is stepping far beyond whiskey. Extraordinary claims have been made 
the bounds of propriety . If he is con - for everyone of these and glowing testimonials 
cerned about Third College he should to. each have b~en garnered and dignified .by 
exercise his concern within the bounds print . or traditIOn. AbDut the only lasting 
of the academic community and cease ~enehts noted SO far have been In the liquor 
t· t II bl' tt t · t Industry. ~ymg 0 ca pu IC a e.n Ion. 0 When J was a kid, we wore camphor in a little 
himself throu~h cheap sensationalism . bag around the neck to prevent colds. I'm not 

Karl Keatmg and DIMENSION, exactly sure how it was supposed to 
student counterparts !o Douglas in the work-sympathetic magic, perhaps. Anyway, 
role of Third College gadflies, are just faith is a wonderful thing. 
as bad. Rather than perm itting those Fai~h seems to. hav~ a lot to do with the 
involved in the college to iron out the effectiveness of Vitamin C, too. G .. H. Wal~er , 
problems that inevitably arise in the M.L. Byna.e , and D.A.J . Tyrell (British Mechcal 
first year of operation (in the case of J~urnal , 1.603, 1967} gave a group of v.olunteers 

.. . . With colds large dally doses of ascorbiC aCid . A Revel~e Colle~e: ItS first year required second group with colds received identical pills 
drastiC reVISion of the Natural but not containing ascorbic acid. When the 
Sciences progra m,) they rush to 
condemn the college before it has 

volunteers were told before their colds were 
finished whether or not they had been getting 
the real Vitamin C, the duration of colds in the 
ones who knew they were getting the real thing 
became shorter than in the control subjects who 
discovered they weren't. 

In another experiment with two groups in 
which the subjects weren't told who was really 
getting the vitamin, the colds lasted the same 
length of time in both groups. 

To see if ascorbic acid could .prevent colds, 
another group of volunteers received 3,000 mg 
of Vitamin C daily for three days prior to 
inoculation with cold virus and for six days 
after. Absorption of the vitamin was confirmed 
by urinary excretion studies. Another group 
received dummy tablets before and after 
inoculation with cold virus. No difference was 
found in the number or severity of colds in these 
two groups. If you 're interested, most of the 
stUdies for and against the effectiveness of 
Vitamin C are carefully (and unemotionally ) 
reviewed in Nutrition Reviews, 25:288, 1967. 

Dr. Ancel Keys, a prominent nutritionist at 
the University of Minnesota School of Public 
Health , writes in the October"November 1970 
issue of Consultant : .... .in fact , no 
experimental , clinical, or epidemiologic bases 
exist for adviSing patients with colds to take 
large doses of ascorbic acid, either in citrus 
juices or synthetic vitamin preparations." Food 
and Drug Commissioner Charles C. Edwards, 
M.D., puts it a little more strongly. He says the 
public is wasting its money in the stampede to 
buy Vitamin C, and he describes the usage of 
Vitamin C for preventing or curing colds as 
" ridiculous. " 

Probably all of this interest in Vitamin C 
these days is a response to our unconscious 
awareness that, in spite of everything, the 
common cold remains most uncommonly 
common. 

Not that we're always thrilled with 
Academic Senate protocol; the faculty 
is generally too shy of publicity. But 
there is a time for confidence . In every 
organization there must come a time 
for matters to be discussed openly and 
honestl y. Personnel matters are 
especially touchy . In the heat of 
discussion people say things , but later 
change their m inds. Such information 
misused and taken out of context can 
be damaging . 

completed its first quarter . 
We do not know what lengths 

Douglas will go to to prove his political 
points. It is not at all inconceivable that 
he will prostrate himself before the 

Take Nothing On Faith 
Such is the informat ion contained in 

the "raw" files that Douglas made off 
with -INFORMATION, WE MIGHT 
ADD, THAT IS PROBABLY CON -
TAINED IN MOST FILES. As brought 
out by Provost Watson, it is not the 
contents of the raw files which were 
"l egally" inspected by Douglas, that is 
at issue. It is the high·handed manner 
in which the files were "inspected" and 
the fact the files may have been passed 
around . 

More of the pol icy discussions of the 
Senate - and, for that matter, the ad-

media in the hopes of becoming a 
martyr-- a helpless vi ctim of the liberal 
faculty. 

We hope that Prof. Douglas still has 
enough respect for the University 
community he is a part of to d iscuss his 
disagreements internally, and to 
pursue his goals in a manner com -
mensurate with that of a University 
faculty member . But if he is not con -
tent to do so, we hope the rest of the 
community will realize" just who its 
friends are . 

Jame Hervey John on 

A November article by Beverly Beyette says 
the nation will spend $67 billion dollars on health 
care in 1970, and 39 percent of this will be spent 
on hospitals. More money will be spent for 
sickness than for education. Medical doctors 
will receive $13,400,000,000 (billion ), of which 
drugs will cost $7.37 billion. In spite of the 
billions spent for hospitals , there still isn't room 
for all patients. Average hospital costs are $78 a 
day; some cost $100 a day. not including 

century, these advocates of natural health have 
proven to themselves and could prove to others, 
that there is no need to be sick. Drugs are not 
only unnecessary but they are often harmful , 
while a proper natural diet, exercise, rest, 
sunshine and pure water, will maintain vigorous 
health . 

._------------------------------...,- doctor's bills <which sometimes bankrupt tl·ll1e~ patients). Hospitals are increasing rates at 6 

The natural health advocates do not claim to 
be super smart, or to know mysterious formulas 
or drugs that keep people healthy. They say to 
listen to all methods, even though the medical 
and drug monopOlies seek to prevent other 
methods from being made public. Don 't take 
someone's word just becau e he claims to be an 
"authority." Take nothing on faith, but test for 
yourself the methods presented. If you give a 
fair test to the natural health methods you will 
probably become as enthusiastic as the other 
followers of the plan. 

triton ~ per cent a year. In San Diego the average 
Editor-in-Chief .. Il a~wood Gamlllon 
Ci ty Editor ......... Ca rl :\eiLurgcr 

News Depa'imen! 
Rose De Codo 

Arts Deportment 
Tom Beer 

Photography 
Jon Fronek 

Rod Lorang Jay Gillette 
Adverlising 
Department Managing Editor ...... ,\1 ike Kla~er 

Robert Miller 
John lalle, 

Copy Edilor .... ... Ch l! 'k Graham Ed Boyle 
Peter Gordon 
larry Johnson 
linda McAlli.ter Mark Triliing 

Susan Cades 
Molly Selvin 

Business 'lanagf>r ....... J eff fried 
Editorial Director .. Raou I Conlrera ' 
A sociate City Editor ... Owen JOI ncr 

Juliana Cinque 
Bobbie F.nk 
Bruce Morden 
Fronk Phillips 

Sorgun Tont 

A,tists 

Moll~ Seh.in Cliff Pa.t 
Sarah McKenna 
Allan Sekula s.cr.larial Staff 

Kathy Ru •• George SOlen: Steve Cohen 
Arts Editor ......... Tern Ba rak 
Sports Edilor ... ... . Ro k~ Halfon 
Pholography Edi lor .... John Zaller 

Ass' ! Managing Ed . Sheila Calhoun 
Joe Eastern Copy Deparlmenl 
Comy Sha,ick Sharon Weldy 

Barbaro Simon 
Jeff Graham 
Don Greene 
Mike Robe", 
Con tribul or~ . . . . . . . lCI C Landau 

Jim ' ill s 
Paul T ey •• ier 
Roney Breece Produttion 
Potty Smith Dove Buchbinder 

Debbie Montgomery 
Glena Schroeter 

The TRITON " IMES i. officially recognized and .upported a. a student newspoper by the Communicalions Board 
of !he Univer!lty of California, San Diego, Building 250, Matthews Campu., La Jolla , California 92037. Publication 
is ewict weeki, "" Tuesdoys ond Friday •. Offices are located in room 117. Blake Hall. on the Revell. Campu •. For 
Adve,l i.ing )h~ne 453 ·2000 , Xl017 ; for ed itorial or new. phone Xl016. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
Turmoi l 
Provost Ste ~'a t seems to be 

stabbing two ~ roups of students 
in the back a . the same time. 
His decision tJ turn the drama 
department toward multi-
media theater. as the TT ha 
been dedicated in point.'1g out. 
kill the opportunity for 
students to have tra"itional 
theater . 

He also is more subtly 
a Hack I ng the A noma ly 
Factory. the experimental 
theater group already on 
campus. 

Since the Anomaly Factory 
had its university recognition 
withdrawn last year (credit 
and money l. the group has 
come into student control. 
Students tructure the goals of 
the Factory and determine the 
direction that the group is 
gOing. both within an y 
particular production and also 
in develol)ing the "multi -
media " environment. (The 
Factory also ha a small 
budget from registration fees. 
which go to st udent 
organiza tions. Ci opposed being 
included in the drama 

PAGE 4 TRITON TIMES JANUARY 22, 1971 

department. ) 
Stewart's decision to move 

the drama department toward 
technological theater says two 
things to me (i n addition to hi s 
removal of the opportunity to 
become involved with 
traditional theater> : I) now 
that students ha ve fough t to 
keep experimental theater 
alive on campu and have 
overcome administration 
pressure, the administration 
has reconsidered and will bring 
it back under it wing ; and 2) 
.. ot on ly am I going to 
determine the pa th the drama 

hospital cost is $100 a da y. 
In spite of the enormous cost, the people of 

the U.S. are sick. The use of hundreds of tons of 
medicines and pills has not stemmed the 
terrible money cost of sickness, to say nothing 
of the suffering ; neither has it remedied lost 
time, nor lost revenue in income taxes to the 
government by reason of the lost time ; nor the 
tens of billions spent by the government to 
provide medical care and drugs for the poor, or 
for those who become poor because of ill health 
and the high cost of medical care and drugs. 

Tho e who follow natural health methods 
spend nothing for drugs, they only go to 
hospitals in case of accidents, or perhaps 
childbirth. Also, they spend practically nothing 
f or high doctor bills . Based upon the 
accumulated knowledge of centuries, and 
particularly the organized knowledge of the last 

Jensen 

Editor: 

For the intelligent investigator, who looks 
with worry on the widespread sickness in 
America and its ruinous costs, and would like to 
hear the natural method, classes are conducted 
in the experimental college on Tuesday nights 
at 7 p.m. The next class will be in Room D. For 
other information about classes, inquiries 
should be made at Aztec information center. 
There is no charge. 

The natural health advocates have no fear of 
sickness nor the terrific co ts connected with it. 
There is a fr edom of mind which itself is well 
worth the time spent in making an investigation 
and test of the plan. 

of about 80. Of the 80, I 
estimate that few~r than 10 
were students at UCSD who 
were not affiliated otherwise 
with the Salk Institute. 

department takes, but I am 
going to establish a group to do 
what is already being done by 
students"-and this means that 
there will no longer b a need 
for th Anomaly Factory. llis 
subtle attack on the Anomaly 
Factory will suck up one of the 
last opportunities for students 
to affect and orient something, 
to be involved . for people to 
touch and say things to ea h 
other. 

A story in the January' 12 
issue of TRITON TIMES 
entitled .. Protesters Halt 
Jensen peech" contained two 
s tatements which were 
attributed to me that are in 

2. The story states that 
" While Kildow was prepared to 
use security personnel at the 
Friday lecture, the need did not 
arise." In fact, becau we did 
not anticipate a need for 
secur ity guards, we did not 
have any on hand . 

But then, the university must 
keep rolling on ... 

Cecelia McPherson 

error. . 
I. In tead of Ie luring to a 

group 01 " 10 or Ie s" on Friday, 
as the story states, Professor 
Jensen addressed an audience 

Alfred G, Kildow 
Director of CommuDlcalioDI 

TIle Salk IDltlt.1e 

I,AI)IES! KING SNEDLEY 
lIAS WENT, DID IT! 

Ungrammatical you say .. . correct ... but what would you rather have ... a bunch of 
swell words or a swell new surprise from that dapper monarch King Snedley????? 

For months, King Snedley's advisors told him that the 16 ounce King Snedley beer 
can is great for guys, but what is really needed is a smaller version especially for the 
ladies ... so the good king looked into the ladies can ... and here's the result! 

THE NEW 12 OUNCE CAN OF KING SNEDLEY'S 
BEER! Just like you and your hubby, steady, or a casual betrothed, see how swell 
they look together! 

BIG AND CONFIDENT 
This is the kind of beer can that if it was 
a person would probably be driving a 
bulldozer, skiing in Zurich (no hands), 
herding large cows and other stuff guys 
like to do. 

ijNG SNaJUYS' 

MAN SIZE 

SMALL AND DAINTY 
If this beer can was a person it would be 
a fashion person in frills and.lace, wear-
ing a lemon chiffon gown by Dior and 
the Belmonts, and kissin' folks. Typical 
lady stuff. 

GIRLS ... TRY THE NEW 12 OUNCE CAN 
OF KING SNEDLEY'S BEER TODAY! 
p.s. Guys. If you want to drink the twelve ounce can of King Snedley's 
beer that's okay too ... nothing wrong with a guy being with a beer 
can that if it was a person would be a boss lookin' chickadee! Right? 

KING SNEDLEY'S BEER 
LOOK FOR THE ROYAL FAMILY ON THE CAN! 

BEER. 

LADY SIZE 

UOZ. 16 oz. 



POSSIBILITIES 
H d E hObOt protrailure , is never a ea s on x I I consideration in the works 

included in the show. Subjects 
" Heads," approximately 40 are as remote from humanity 

paintings from a recent series as names are from models. 
by San Diego artist, Richard Only formal aspects are a 
Allen Morris, will be on view at concern of the artist who 
the Fine Arts Gallery of San creates his own problems and 
Diego, Balboa Park, now sets about to resolve them in a 
through February 14. personal manner . He employs 

Profiles , seemingly flat surface colors and two 
derivitive of cartoon dimensional shapes always 
characters and "dra": me " adhering to the limitations of 
advertisements , . are the two dimensional surface of 
transformed through artistic his canvas . Expression and 
license into undulating lines resolvement is sought through 
and shapes reminiscent of a process of simplification and 
un e xpl ored land sc ap e. di stortion of imagery and a 
Identification, so important in neutralizing of color. 

Surrealism Lives-In La Jolla 
Carrie Rickey 
Arts Writer 

In your dreams have you ever visualized floating off .into the 
azure with Dylan in a balloon? Opened a Window to find that 
the window is sky and the sky is glass? Imagined yourself as a 
pre-packaged person jumping free out of a pa rcel-post package 
like a C.O.D. jack-in-the-box ? 

Dreams are a rather personal. near-sacred thing. However, 
a genre of art has been devoted to exploring the dream, 
portraying and interpreting the workings of the . mind as 
ma ni fested in dreams. This genre is known as Surrealism. 

Images as mentioned above may be found at the current 
exhibition at the La Jolla Museum of Art. The show is entitled 
"Continuing Surrealism ." The title arises fro m the will to 
prove that art histori ans could possibly be mistaken when 
classifying Surreali sm as existing from 1924 , when Andre 
Breton's Manifesto on Surrealism was published, to about 1949 , 
when Abstract Expressionism appeared on the art horizon. 

Paul Sal kisian's aerial fantasy "Untitled (Dylan)" currently 
on exhibit on at the La Jolla Museum of Art . 
Lawrence Urrutia , assistant director of the La Jolla Museum 
of Art di spels the theory that Surrealism has faded away by 
presenting recent Surrealist works in painting, SCUlpture, and 
a ssembla~ e . 

The mut d warnings of today's ecologists are transmitted by 
the barentS and starkness of Alan Harfs " Even the Land is 
Frightene-L" The cold sweat that acc~mpanies any visit .to a 
bureacratc t apital (peenng, penetrating, eyes through little 
windows) istuncomfortably felt in " Government Bureau" by 
George 1 0Qker. Functional Surrealist items abound : Joe 
Goode's 'Stai rcase" leads to ... ; Claes Oldenburg's "Soft 
Scissors" might lead you to muse over what mysterious 
material can be severed by those cloth blades; you may look 
at, but not rest upon Lucas Samaras' "Chair Transformation 

o. 17'" where the artist has created a chair on which 
immortals might gaily recline: and there is al so Doug Edge's 
.. Hammer X," a construction article that was most certa inly 
not used for building on Mui r 

Relax. Let the dream imagery carry you through. 
"Continuing Surrealism" (works produced between 1950 and 

the presenll are on exhibition at the La Jolla Museum of Art 
through March 21. 

PAGE 6 TR ITON TIMES JANUARY 22, 1971 

San Diego Drama 

The Pussycat, '-'The New Black Crook," and George Szanto 
Jay Gillette 
Arts Writer 

"The Black Crook" by George SUltO. 
OpeDS Tuesday It Southwestern College, 
Tickets on sale at Urey Hall Box Office, $1.50, 

Downtown San Diego around Fourth and F Streets is ' a 
precinct of peep-shows, topless bars, pornographic bookshop~ , 
woebegone hotels, and girlie theaters. The brightly-lit 
Pussycat The&ter is here, between F Street and . The Bu~y 
Beaver Book Store. Directly across the street IS a plam 
building, an ex-fire extinguisher company, a weak. light shining 
through i:.s badly whitewashed windows. There IS a sheet of 
paper on the door that reads " ew Heritage Theater." A .pl~y 
written by UCSD literature professor George Szanto IS m 
rehearsal here. Together with director Welton Jones, an 
entertainment editor of the San Diego Union, Szanto is 
producing an entirely original drama called "The New Black 
Crook." 

Szanto: "The first thing we wanted to do," be explains'."was 
to create theater ' that is, we thought there was a place In San 
Diego for serious'theater. We'd seen sever~l kinds of theater in 
San Diego, first Theater 5 (an esoterICally experu~ental 
group ) and then the other extreme - the Globe, MISSIon 
Playhouse, and places like that. . They do reaso~ably good 
Shakespeare in the summer, but prlmanly do estabhshed plays 
that are either part of culture with a great big C, or are. recent 

ew York big hits or sometimes even less than big hits. We 
thought what we could do in San Diego was create a theater 
which could provide good entertainment and yet serve a 
serious social function ; a serious theater that was at the same 
time entertaining and pedagogic." . . 

Downtown the rehearsal hall is unheated, and inSide 
everyone is bundled up against the cold. The old buildin.g's 
fu ses cannot entirely support lights, tape recorders, heatmg 

appliances and the electric organ. Heat was deemed the most 
expendable commodity. The shivering actors and dancers are a 
broad mixture of San Diegans interested in what the New 
Heritage founders are trying to build. None of them are paid ; 
all volunteer the six nights a week they spend in rehearsal. 
Three of them are Uc'SD students : Robin Hunt, Cathy Dean, 
and Ted Stauch. 

The rest include people with various theater backgrounds- a 
dog groomer who once ran an Escondi~o theate~ ; a high school 
teacher who has directed plays both In the Umted States and 
Australia ; the Globe's Best Actress award winner of 1970; a 
member of an electrical firm 's management staff; a young 
lieutenant who recently won the All-Navy Talent Award ; and a 
librarian at the San Diego Union. The dancers range in age 
from 14 to 55 years, and include several of Sea World 's 
"aquamaidens." Despite the cold, despite the long drive; 
despite the lack of monetary compensation, these actor.s and 
dancers are spending almost every mght for weeks working to 
perfect "The New Black Crook." . .... 

Szanto: "Everyone enrolled in thiS production IS dOing It 
totally because he wants to do it. Nobody is paid. People are 
doing it because a ) they would like to see and set up a .new 
theater in San Diego ; bl 1 think for many, they've never 
worked in a play that's grown as they help evolve it. Th~t . is . 
they' re not writing it, in the sense that Theater 5 was writing 
its own play, but what they are doing is seeing it change 
according to the necessity of the play - we 're still changing it. 
Also, they enjoy acting , and they enjoy being with other people 
who enjoy acting." • 

Judging from the efforts of the dedicated people in that cold 
downtown building. "The New Black Crook" is tremendously 
good, tremendously talented, "entertaining and pedagogic" 
dramatic work . It is both a serious social comment and an 
extremely funny.play , and promises that theater in San Diego 
has taken a new and refreshing turn for the better. 

Time Ticks Away at Playhouse 
Larry Johnson - Arts Writer 

Youth is the most wonderfu l and valuable thing in the world , isn't it? Youth is 
life and all that life has to offer. We of the younger generation know that very 
well . But the clock keeps ticking. ." . 

The Mission Playhouse got its new yea r of( to a g<J?d. start With Sweet Bird of 
Youth " the thi rd of three in its current Tennessee Williams festival. For the next 
six w~ekends it will play in repertory with "Streetcar amed Desire" at Old 
Town 's Mission Playhouse. . -

The play concerns a has-been and a never-was, wa shed up on the sands of time. 
Mimette Ehrenfreund plays a desperate movie actress trying to make a 
comeback af ter the loss of the youthful good looks that had been her stock and 
trade. Equally desperate is her hanger-on, played by Buddy Ashbrook, who's on~y 
ambition is to make good in the eyes of his townsmen as a youthful star . HIS 
ta lent is insufficie nt, while his years have become increasingly too sufficient. . 

Ashbrook's talent, fortunately, is quite sufficient for the role. He and MISS 
Ehrenfreund are to be congratulated for doing a good job of b~ingi~~ out these 
souls in their crises of li fe values. The SA DIEGO UNION musIc CrItic , who for 
some reason covered the play, suggested that they would have done better ha.d 
they resorted to "shouting, breast beating and chewing up the scenery." Tha~ IS 
all very well for Italian opera, but this would have lost the- soul-numbmg 
subtleties of human despair that Williams intended. and which they managed to 
convey. . 

In the Gulf Coast town where they are bogged down, Boss Finley is a corrupt 
and racist politician of the old southern school who in his own way reflects on the 
values of youth. Howard Muhleman wasn't fully able to project the character, 
unfortunately, but he gave us some of its force. Robert Larson ca~e on very well 
as Boss Finley's son, giving us his cold toadish character. In a bnef but moving 
part, Martha Shorten as Aunt Nonnie did extremely well reflecting the life style 
that the would-be star gave up. 
This is noUhe best of Williams plays, as it does not fully integrate the thought 

development, but it is powerful drama , currently presented in a production 
which, on the whole, is well done. . 

Certainly we all , even (or especially ) the young , must come to terms With the 
passage of time. The has-been actress manages to do this, but the would~be young 
actor falls apart. How will we handle it? Not recognizing the problem IS part of 

The AlOmaly Factory production of " Eye" 
opens 10nigllt at tile Factory's theatre on 
Matthews Campus, Performaaces will be on 
Friday and Saturday Dights at 8:30, 

not having the solution. And the clock keeps ticking. _---------------------, 

Free Blues Concert 
You can wasb your blues Otis is a viotage blues 

away and pick up on some new performer and tbe writer of 
ones-Johnny Otis Style-as sucb hits as " Dance Witb Me 
tbe Jobnny Otis Silow will he Heory," "So Fine," and 
performing in a free concert "Willie and the Hand Jive, " 
tomorrow oigbt at 8:30 in tile With Otis will be his It-piece 
Revelle Cafeteria, band (featuring his teenage 

Free checking, checks, 
mall and Master Charge. 

Tile event is being sponsored son, Sbuggie) aDd guests Joe 
by tbe ASUCSD Program ("Shake Rattle and Roll") 
Board, as part of a continuing Turner 'T-Bone Walker and 
effort t~ bring low-cost or free Eddie ':Cleanllead" Vinson, 
entertainment to tbe campus_ 

Re.ourceJulnu. 
p.ycholo~y, becomin~ 
iu ue., philosophy 
ch ildren '. book. 
JiClion, poetry 
edu cOlional , 
joy 

U . . & foreitn 
paperback. 

mogO%ine6 
p05t e r J 
record. 

",,<h 

EARIH.SONG 
BOOK STORE 

1440 Camino del Mar Del Mar 755-4254 

Just for being a student, we'll furnish you with a 
year's supply of checks , a no-service charge 
checking account and free postage (if you want 
to bank by mail). Ail you have to do is apply your-
self, At any of the 57 offices of Southern California 
First National Bank. 

I • IOUTHIRN CAUI'ORNIA FlRIT NATIONAL lANK 
"'..., ..... ' .D.I.C. 

Tritons Beat Biola, 
On Route to All Cal 

Mike Roth 
Writer Sporls 

The Tritons defeated a highly-rated Biola team last Monday 
with a score. of ~ to 74. This was a warm-up for the All Cal 
Tourney, whIch IS to take place this weekend. The game held 
in the smog up ~ t Biola, was ~he last?f a two game road trip. 

San DIego displayed an ImpressIve offense, hitting shots 
from all parts of the court for 49 per cent from the floor . The 
Tritons were especially hot from the free throw line, making 28 
of 34 attemptsfor 82 per cent. This trend started a few games 
before, and since t~en the team has consistently shot above 80 
per c~nt. At one pomt, between the Southern California College 
and BIOla games, the Tritons made 23 free throws in a row. 

Ag.ain ~rian Todd led all scores with a total of 29 points, 
makmg nme of ten free throws. Jon Lelevier made 18 points 
and was 12 for 14 from the line. The Biola Eagles were led by 
their center, Buddy Gregg, who connected for 22 , and Ron 
Johnson, selected as L.A. college player of the week, who 
scored 20. 
. The Trito~s were down by one at half time, but pulled away 
In the clOSing minutes without too much trouble. Coach 
Cunningham adjusted his defense to a zone for the second time 
this yea.r to stop Johnson. The victory proved costly however, 
as startmg .f~rward S.teve Hoch sustained a chipped bone in his 
foot, - an Injury serIOus enough to keep him out of the All Cal 
Tourney. 

The Triton JV's upped their record to six wins and three 
losses by defeating the Biola Frosh in their first close game of 
the season, UCSD 52, Biola 49. Although the Tritons led at 
halfllme by three, the lead changed hands several times in the 
closing minutes. In the final minute the Eagles led by one until 
Dan Molden scored to put San Diego ahead. The Eagles then 
failed to score on their turn down the court. When UCSD gained 
control of the ball Malcolm King was immediately fouled . He 
then .connected on both free throws to put the game on ice. 
~adlng scorers were Dan Molden, 15 points, and Tom Bruice 
wlt~ 10. The JV team doesn 't play again until next Tuesday 
against Cal Western on their court. 

Recreation 
SAILING CLUB Will meet Wednesd'ay, January 27 - 7-8 p.m. 
USB- 4030A 
FOLK DANCE CLUB Monday evenings - 8-10 p.m. - W. 
Balcony Gym. Friday evenings - 8-12 p.m. - 201 MC (clas es 

p.m.) 
RO IZED SWIM All girls interested in learning 
~vnrhr'nni,,,'tI Swimming" - call Beth Josi , Ext. 2283 or come 

and Tuesdays from 3:00 to 4:00 p.m. 
WOMEN's TENNIS All girls interested 

on the Intercollegiate Women's Tennis Team , call 
- Ext. 2283 

The Judo Club will meet on Mon.days and 
~ednesda~ls from 8:30 - 9:45 p.m. - Wrestling Room of the 

No experience necessary . Men and Women Welcome. 
's instruction will be handled by Sara Sudo and will 
self-defense techniques 

.C.S.D, SURF CLUB OPEN SURF CONTEST 

TE : Saturday, Sunday - March 6 & 7 
: 7:00a.m. 

TlON : From San Elijo State Park to La Jolla Shores San 
Calif. Open to anyone over 14 years of age. ' 

HONDA CARS 

For Free 
Home Demo ... 
Call anyl ime al 
212·5511 

$139500 

Pacific Honda-1269 Garnet 

Tritons Host All Col Tourney 
Mike Roth 

Sports Writer 
sa w last year's game wi th Riverside can attest (remember the 
cute white caps?) . Coach Fredd ie Goss will be se~k ing revenge 

~lnce the Highlanders lost the first game of last year's tourney 
In the last few seconds a t the hands of the Tritons. The UCSD basketball fans (all twenty-five of them ) will have 

the chance to see a lot of games this weekend as the Tritons 
~ill host the ~ll Cal Basketball Tourney Friday and Saturday 
mghts, featuring UC San Diego, UC Irvine, UC Riverside, and 
last year 's winner, UC Davis. 

The second game will hopefully begin at 8:30 p.m., in which 
the Tritons, 8 wins - 4 losses, take on UC Davis, carrying 3 
wins - 9 losses into the match. Although their record isn't too 
impressive, Davis has met some tough competition on the 
road. The boys from Cowtown are led by their 6'1" center Mark 
Underwood , 14 points per game. and guard Steve Fletcher with 
a 13 point game average. 

In the first game Friday night, starting at 6: 30 p.m., the 
Irvine Anteaters put their 8 and 5 record on the line aga inst the 
RiverSide HIghlanders. coached by ex-UCLA Bruin Freddie 
Goss. The Anteal~rs are led by 6'5" forward Phil Rhyne, who is 
currently averaging 19.4 points a game , and 6'6" forward Bill 
Moore, who close ly follows Rhyne with a 17.2 point average. 
Although the Highlanders placed high in CAA college ranks 
last.year ,. thus far ~hi s season they have just managed a record 
of five .WInS and SIX losses. !'art of the- reason for this losing 
record IS the loss of MIke Reid , a former JC All American who 
transferred to Riverside from Compton, due to injury. UCR is 
led by returning ta rters, Mike Washington, a guard averaging 
almost 20 points per game, and 6'6" forward Howard Lee. The 
strongest part of Riverside's game, however, will come from 
their fans. These hot dogs provide quite a show, as anyone who 

The hosting Triton are riding on the best record of any of the 
teams, with 8 wins and 4 losses. They have played only one of 
the other teams this year, UC Irvine, lOSing by a close margin. 
However, the Tritons will be playing without the services of 
freshman: Steve. Hoch, who was injured during the Biola game. 
HIgh scoring Brian Todd will enter the tourney with the highest 
scoring average, 23 points per game, and he'll be assisted by • 
floor captain Jon LeLevier, who is averaging 12 3 per game. 

Saturday night's first game will be the losers bowl at 6:30 
p.m., followed by the championship game to be held at 8:30 
p.m. between the winners from Friday night' s games. 

Tennis Team Grapplers Win, 59-58 
Builds on 
Youth. 

Youth dominates the UCSD 
tennis team in 1971. Of the 24 
men on the practice only four 
are upper-classmen. FOl,lr of 
the first five positions on the 
ladder are held by- freshmen 
and sophomores. 

Coach Tad Yamaguchi feels 
his young team shows a lot of 
promise, not only for this year, 
but also for 1972 and 1973. The 
Triton's first match will be the 
All -Cal Tournament at 
Berkeley February :)-6. The 
schedule includes UCLA, UC 
Irvine, Cal , and consistent 
NAIA winner Redlands. 

ROCKS ••• 
(continued from page 2) 

earthly phenomena, he says. 
The next Apollo flight, ran 

the speculation, will land in the 
highlands of the moon, where 
scientists hope they may find 
rocks thrown up from below 
the crustal layer. Such samples 
could help answer questions 
about internal composition and 
temperatu re, and might 
explain the low density of the 
moon as compared to the earth 
and sun. 

SCientifically interesting, the 
scientists agree; but they also 
agree on the complete lack of 
economic value of the moon, 
and cite an interesting figure : 
it costs 25 cents for every man, 
woman and child in America, 
every time we go to the moon. 

~J Z~?tIillot~ 
25~BEER 
entertainment 

nightly 
Silverado & Fay 

La Jolla 

Carol Chilling ton 
Sports Writer 

If they'd come on horseback, they could have 
been ca lled the Four Horsemen (Plus One ) of 
the Apocablitz. Instead they settled on showing 
up in wrestling tights and head gear, but the 
disguise didn 't make any difference to the other 
eleven teams at the Cal-Tech Invitational 
Wrestling Tournament last Saturday: the five-
horsepower UCSD Blitzmobile wreaked as 
much disaster as if it had been the original 
horsemen. 

Up until the final team score tallies were 
made and UCSD was awarded the firs t place 
trophy, it didn 't look as though the Tritons had a 
chance. Plagued by injuries, the San Diegans 
were only able to ship a seven-man squad 
northward . And that rank was decimated even 
further when Dennis Engel , 150, lost his first 
match to the defending champion in that weight 
class and John Gressard , having pinned his firs t 
158-pound match, was knocked out of the 
tournament in round two. 

So the Triton hopes depended on the 
remaining fi ve. But what a five ! The first thing 
they decided upon was strategy: in a 
tournament of this sort, team points are 
awarded on several contingencies. Ten point 
are given if the wrestler takes first place in his 
weight division, seven for second and four for 
third . Then one advancement point is given for 
each match won and an additional point is 
scored for a pin. Usually the pins make the 
crucial difference, and UCSD was intent on 
making that difference. 

At 126, Jav ier Correa defended his 
championship by again proving himself tops in 
his division , Along the way to the title. he 
racked up 14 team poin ts, 10 for the first place 
and four more for two pins. Last year Correa 
was nicknamed " peedy" after his first college 
match when he pinned in 34 seconds. It looks as 
though he'll have to be renamed "Speedier": 

one of his matches Saturday was ended by hiS 
pin after only 26 seconds. Correa also had the 
superlative honor of being named most valuable 
wrestler of the tournament. 

Bob Wilson at 134 more than honored his 
association with the Horsemen as he rode his 
opponents to death with a devastating leg lock. 
He added another 10 points to the team 
endeavor by taking a seven-point second and 
winni ng three matches. 

If anyone on the team approximates the 
Horseman of War, it's Mike Ditomaso, a 142-
pound package of pure fight. He snarled and 
pounced his way to the championship title in a 
tense final round duel with Pasadena. He too 
left a trail of pi ns in his path and scored 14 team 
points. 

The next specter riding was famine , and 
nobody could better represent starvation than 
Fred Grunewald. Normally a 167-pou nd 
contender , Gru newald ha had weight 
difficulties in wrestling at 190 pounds. He got 
tired of faci ng the giants and decided to lose 11 
pounds the week before the tourney. Having 
subsisted the last three days on three quarts of 
liqu id daily, he was in a nasty mood by weigh-in 
and could hardly wait to bite into some fresh 
meat. He got his chance later In the day as he 
took third in his division , pinned three out of 
four matches. and added nine points to the team 
endeavor. 

It was a strong thrust by the .. Plus One" 
man- John Knapp at I 77-that clinched the title 
for the Tritons. Knapp ' aggres iveness and 
strength powered him into a thIrd place. and he 
put the final drive into the Triton blitz by 
winning one malch and pinning three more. 

The Horsemen galloped through , the dust 
ettled, and when they looked around , the 

Tritons had carried away the first-place 
trophy and left a di mayed Pomona College to 
rellect on the eleven pin which had made the 
difference and cost them the championship by 
one point, 59-58. 

S.M.U.T. 
Would you let your daughter buy smut from this man ? 
Dr. Depravitl peddles a child 's garden of pornography to a 

sweet, unsuspecting young thing (who promptly responds by 
kicking him in the Cf'otch , in " .M.U.T .. ·· or "The alvation of 
Mankind from Unnatural Temptation." The film , a poof on 
the pornographic cene. opened Wednesday night at the an 
DIego Pus ycat Theater and at the Paris Pu vca t in National 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F St. 

PAYS DONORS 
for services 
Mon. thru Sat. 

233 - 8328 

, 

City. . 
Dr. Depravity is the arch- mut peddler ""ho will resort to 

anything (even chemical I! ) to turn people on to hi filthy 
mind-rot. His goal is to perfect a formula which will cause 
anyone who ingests it to crave smut. 

Working again t the evils of Depravity IS Max Birch and hi 
side kick Capt. limax and Beaverella . I Er that 's Ella 
Prim- Beaverella is 'imply a code name l. With Beaverella i 
the Soul Patrol , a marching band of do-gooder who seek to 
stamp out all form .of evil. . II together, they add up to the 
secret a.ntl- ubverslve, antl-dlrtyne . anti- antl- antl-
organiza tIon called HEAD, whose purpos it I . as Max Bi rch 

aptly put it. " to serve the Third ReIch, oop , I mean 
America ., 

IS", .p 10 50.. II,d.nts S I SO wilh I 0 "uP' So, 1\, or Sptlil/ '"formo." 
$2.50 & 2.00 (rue . Wed .• Thurs. , Sun Eve •. ) $200& $ 1 50 (Sun Mo" Jon . 2~) 
$3.00 & $2 50 (Fro. , Sol. E ••• ) $1 .50 Slu 1M. coli & Enlt".d MIt. 
Ma ~y Mary by ::ca:o~::: 

a sprightly and sparkling comedy of romontlC 
ma" tal merriment 

bolboopork 0 b globe tbeatre enlloQ. 
phone 

239.2255 
oller nOOn 

JANUARY 22,1971 TRITON TIMES PAGE 7 



FRIDAY, 
January 22 

LECTURES -noon . Sumner 
Auditorium ; Marine Biology 
Seminar. Dr David Lange. "Vision 
in Octopu ." 

4 p.m.. 5013 BSB ; AMES-
Bioengineering seminar; Dr . 
Arnold Roland . "Hemodialy is and 
Bioengineering ,. . 

3 p.m., HL 1205 : ACM . 
Computers and Society seminar; 
Mr. Daniel McCracken. " Why the 
Safeguard ABM Computer System 
Won't Work ." 

4 p.m.. 2A-7421. mathematics 
colloquium : Professor Errett 
Bi hop. "Moderate Mathematical 
Dogma." 
MEETING - DlSCU SIONS-3 
pm , informal lounge, philosophy 
meeting. 

7:30 p.rr... informal lounge. 
International Club pres nts an 
" Evening in India" with music and 
dance of IndIa . Students will also 

how arts and crafts which they 
brought from their country and will 
serve Indian delicacies. 
RADlO-4 p.m , KPFK (90.7 FM ) 
rap session with guest Dr. Herbert 
Marcu . Dr. Robert Lynch, (a La 
Jolla psychiatrist!. and several 
graduate students from UCSD. 
Program will be moderated by 
Doug Lewis. 
MOVIE -7:30 (first showing). 
Friday ight Flicks, SB 2722 ; 
"Children of Paradise." 

Unicorn-" Chikamatzu 
Monogatari " and "Snow Country" 
two Japanese movies. For more 
info call 459-4341. 
MUSIC-S:30 p.m .. Recital Hall 
(409MC 1. New works by graduate 
composers Alan Strange and John 
Mizelle. Free. 

Funky Quarter's-( 5968 El Cajon 
Blvd .) Surprise Package plays for 
your enjoyment 
SPORTS-swimming. CSD vs. 
UC Irvine there at3 p m. 

basketball : All Cal Tournament 
(Irvine. Davis. Riverside . UCSD) 
here at 6:30 & S:30 p.m. 

folk dancing : 201 MC 8-12 p.m .. 
class from 8-9 :30 for beginners. 
General dancing from 9:30-12 p.m. 
SPECIAL-Medical Committee 
Human Rights Convention : 
Fri /Sat Sunday. BSB first floor 
auditorium. Friday at 6 p.m .. film 
festival. 
ART EXHIBIT - HL Library 

(Clustrer I ) upper level. work by 
graduate student ick Rott. 

La Jolla Museum of 
Art-"Conti nuing Surrealism ." 
works produced during the past 20 
years by 44 artists. 

Fine Art Gallery (Balboa 
Park I-Richard Allen Morris. one 
man exhibition of recent paintings 
by the San Diego artist. 

SATURDAY, 
January 23 

PECIAL-Medical Committee 
Human Rights Convention ; BSB 
first floor auditorium. panel 
di cussion at 9:00 women's rights 
and Viet :"lam to be di cu sed. 

PORTS-basketball . All Cal 
Tournament continues in the gym 
at6 :30 & 8:30 p.m. 

rugby : UCSD s. San Diego State 
I there at I p.m. llCSD vs San 
Diego State II there at 3 p.m 
MOVIES-6 ' 5O p.m . at Sumner 
Auditorium ; "On the Waterfront" 
and "The Caine Mutiny," ticket in 
advance for remainder of eries (2) 
$1.00, or individually at the door 75 
cents p r night. 
E TERTAI MENT-12-2 p,m .. 
Coffee Hut. "Of the People" will be 
playing, 

Anomaly Factory- will open a 
revi ed ver ion of December's 
" Ive". Time???? 

Cafe Ha Am- Revelle informal 
lounge. 8 p.m .. slides of Israel will 
be shown followed by music and 
folk dancing, 

SUNDAY, 
January 24 

PECIAL-Medical Committee 
Human Right s Convention 
continues at the Basic Science 
Building's first floor auditorium 
with panel di cussions concerning 
problems with marijuana , and Viet 
Nam, 
MUSIC-2 pm.. 201MC : jazz 
ensemble plays. Openings for 
trombones and saxes. Call Stefan 
Olesten. 453-6863, 

San Diego Civic Youth 
Orchestra : 8 p m .. Grossmont High 
School Auditorium (La Mesa l. 
MOVIES-7 p,m.. USB 2722 : 
Sunday Film series starts with 
Expanded Cinema. Part I. 15 shorts 
(3 hours worth I. Free, 
DI NER-5 :30 p.m .. Sunday Night 
Supper : several students and local 

SALVATION /TEMPTAlION 
HOW FAR 00 
YOU THINK THEY 
CAN eo? 

, 

Wf/ATS A NICE GIRL 
LII(E YO{J PO/NG 
INA MOVIE 
LII(£THIS? 

citizens will meet for dinner and 
intercultural exchange. They will 
meet every Sunday in various 
homes to talk and eat together. 
Phone x 1940 before Friday noon 
for information, 

MONDAY, 
January 26 

LECfURE -3 p.m.. 2A-225O; 
APIS seminar on the evolution of 
the solar system; Or. Arrhenius, 
" !'iew Information from the Moon : 
Highlights from the Houston 
Conference ... 

4 p,m .. 20-2250: Solid Mechanics 
seminar. Mr, Tsai. "On the 
Determination of the Center of 
Twist and of Shear," 

4 p.m.. USB 2622: chemistry 
colloquium. Or, Eugene Van 
Tamelen , " Bio-Organic hemi try 
of Sterol and Terpene Syn thesi .. 

4 p.m . 2A-2301 : APIS seminar: 
Or . Ova. " In sta bilit y and 
Nonlinear Coupling of the Electron 
Cvclotron Harmonic Waves." 

'4 p,m .. 2A-2313 : ACM :"Iational 
Lecture : Or Peter :'ieumann. 
" Problems and Potential of Large 
Operating Systems," 
SPORTS-wrestling, UCSD vs. 
Pomona ther at 7:30 p,m 

folk dancing: intermediate and 
advanced group meet at 8 p,m at 
the west balcony of the gym, 

:'iote: the gym floor will be 
closed for recreation due to 
ba ketball scrimmages starting at 
8 p.m. All other facilities will 
remain open , 
SPECIAL-MUIR COLLEGE 
COU CIL meeting sta rts at 3:30 
p,m, in the cafeteria to discuss 
changing graduation requirements. 
Muir students and faculty urged to 
attend. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
ATTENTIO ALL M IR 
SENIOR -a list of all seniors who 
have declared their candidacy for 
graduation for winter quarter. 
1971. has been posted in the 
Provost's office. Please contact 
the office as soon as possible to 
confirm your plans for graduation . 
Any additions and deletions must,. 
be made by February 5. 
... 

FOU D- one pair of gold rim 
glasses in Urey Hall. Call Norman 
at 264-6343. 

The San Diego Chamber of 
Commerce has announced that 
March 13 is the deadline for entries 
in the 1971 Miss San Diego pageant. 
Single young ladies between the 
ages of 18 and 28 who are residents 
of San Diego city or county. or who 
are students at a college or 
university in the city or county are 
eligible, 

Entry blanks may be obta ined by 
calling the Jaycee office at 234· 
4197 ; or by stopping by the office at 
233 A Street. Suite 90S. in San 
Diego, 

Any tudent interested in 
forming a socio - drama -
p chodrama acting and writing 
workshop to start on ampus 
around April I I or immediately off 
campus at t he Union 
Congregational Church Thurs. and 
Fri. morning 9:30 to 12:00 or 
Monday and Thursday nights on or 
off campus in La Jolla . please 
come to 3060 USB on Tue . or Wed. 
at 4 p,m. or the Revelle informal 
lou nge Tuesday or Wednesday at 2 
p,m. 

Any student interested in 
forming a parent participation 
class for parents of children age 4 
to 6, where parents work with 
children in developing and writing 
and illustration of creative 
learning materials for children. 
please come to Revelle 4th floor 
lounge on Wed, at 2 p.m .. or 3060 

SB Tuesday or Wednesday at 4 
p,m, 

Any students interested or the 
public intere ted in forming a 
parent and childrens writing 
workshop for children and parents 
aged 10 to 12 in order to teach 
children to write chi ldren's books 
and articles for other and younger 
children along with their parents. 
including ill ustrati ng and 
photojournalism come to 3060 USB 
Tues, or Wed. at 4 p,m. All courses 
are free . o,ponsored by North 
Shores Adul t School and open to the 
entire public. 

OPERATION SUR VI V AL 

DlSTRIBUTJ G AN ABUNOA CE 

Technocracy proposes VOLUNTAR ILY AND 
INTELLIGENTLY replacing our obsolete Political Price 
System (which is incapable of distributing an Abundance of 
A:"IYTHI:"lG except Poverty, Crime. War and Pollutionl- with 
a SCIENTIFIC GOVER ANCE OF FUNCTION , 

This concept is new to you. It will take a little lime and a bit of 
study to understand it. So keep your mind open. and your mouth 
shut- long enough to digest a NEW IDEA. 

Actually. the IDEA isn't new! It 's the same Principle used in 
operating ANY machine- especIally at high speed 

This GOVER!'IANCE OF F NCTIO~ would put into operation 
a Continental control of all flow lines of production and 
distribulion- a Continental sta tistical system which would 
record the deSIres of everv citizen in his choice of consumable 
goods and available services 

This system would do the following things in a physical area 
where abundance is certain : 

1 · Regi ster on a continuous 24-hour·per-day baSIS the total net 
conversion of nergv which would determine 

a·the availability of energy for Continental plant constructIOn 
and maintenance 

b . th amount of phYSical wealth available in the form 
of consumable goods and rvices for consumption by the 
Iota I populatIOn during th balance·load p nod 

2 - By m an. of the r gl~lralion of en rgy conv rted 
and consumed make poSSible a balanced load 

3 • Provld a conlinuous Inventorv of all produ lion 
and con umplion 

4 · PrOVide d pe(' lfl registration of th type. kmd . etc . of all 
goods and rVI ( s wher produced and wh re u d 

5 - Provld a 'p r lflc regl Iratlon of th consumption of a('h 
indiVidual plu a r~rord and de Crlptlon of th mdividual 

6 · Allow the ('Itlzen the Wid st lalltud of chOi In con um -
109 hiS IndIVidual I ctlon of Conlin DIal phvslcal wealth 

7 · Dlstnbut ~o()ds and ervlres abundantlv to very m mb(>r 
of th populatIOn 

'\ext IS u What about mon , " PERATI N. RVI\AL 
POBox 2019. La Jolla CA 92037 

CLASSI FIEDS 
For Sale 

A BETTER BED! King size 
water bed, $55.00. The Water 
Hole,4282 EI Cajon Blvd. 280-
2611 . 
COSMETICS. For 9-25c Sam: 
pIes of Randal non-allerllic 
Cosmetics, (made from fruits , 
herbs, ferns , flowers , etc. and 
no harmful chemicals) sene! 
onlySl .00 to Randlll Cosmetics 
P.O. Box 2019, La Jolla , Calif. 
State of skin is dry, normal, or 
combinat ion . 

Dependable '64 Oldsmobile 
Vis ta Crui er Wagon in 
excellent condition. t650. 
Available February 1. Call 453-
7565 in evening, please. 

1964 Ford Galaxie 500 XL 
convertible. 390 cu . in . 4 speed. 
453-3961 

Personals 
ROOMMATE WANTED 

Students with house in Del Mar 
have room for 1 female . Rent 
$65. All necessities provided. 
Call 7~ evenings. 
Roommates wanted for 5 
Bedroom, 3 bath house with pool 
in Cardiff. Own RM for S70 plus 
utility . Come to 1952 Crest and 
see it. 

Service. 
Typinll ... Expe r ieneed typi t ... term 
papers, thelli . EIeetrie typewriter. 
.,i11 do ru h jobs. 453-6835. 
rypinll-for a ccur.te Typinll on 
electric pica- term papers, 
theses, manuscripts etc. ca ll 
Mrs . McCroskey 217-1607 
DISTINTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8888 
LORANCH ET -Goodman studio, 
La Jolla . Custom Desillned 
Weddinll Bands Ind Sets, un· 
usual and strikinll . Complete 
facilities for Custom Centrifu. 
lIa I Castinll . 459-9241. 

Expert Tilloring 
Michels Fashion Ta i lor 
alteration and remodelinll for 
men and ladies. Clothes, out of 
style, lost or lIaln weillht, don't 
be discouraged. Bring them in 
for re-filtinll , reasonab Ie prices, 
expert in leather and fur . Drive· 
in parkinll . 633 Pelrl St . 

Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 
Try James Automotive Servic. 
American and Foreign Can 
Repairs and Polutlon control. 
Student Discount 7741 Herschel 
La Jolla (in the rur) 459-9111 
Europe Charters . Sever. I 
schedules avall.ble . Coor. 
dlnator : Professor Marllar.t 
Paal. 247 Roycroft, Long Beach, 
90103. 213-431-2179 

Europe S225-S21O. Also Israel 
and Japan . Sprlnll and Summer 
flillhts available. clli 755-3990 or 
write E.S. E. P. - UCSD. 1217 
Beverly Blvd. Los Angeles, Ca. 

films frorthe Bt~n~abo Film~esEvar 
S~8M1T 
Persons under " nil admilted. 

FDrBARTB 
1818 GARNET STREET 774-4000 t-----... 

PAGE 8 TRITON TIMES JANUARY 22,1971 NOI1VZINVDIfO 1 1 ~Olfd-


