
~---Isla Vista Riots--~------------......... 
Captain Honey gives orders to 

'Shoot to kill' 
Capt. Joel B. Honey of the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's 

Department was fired Wednesday for failure to discharge' his 
duties in a competent and responsible manner. both during last 
year 's Isla Vista riots and within the department. 

Honey. 34. served as field commander of all law enforcement 
officials engaged in puttinR down the riots in the student 
community adjacent to the UC Santa Barbara campus .. 

According to the LOS ANGELES TIMES. Honey was fired 
for 11 specific' incidents. including striking handcuffed 
prisoners across the face. swinging an iron bar with a spike-
studded ball at one end and a metal chain at the other. and 
dropping tear gas canisters from a helicopter. It was also 
disclosed that Honey unnecessarily fired tear gas at persons 
violating curfews during the riots and once left bleeding on the 
ground a man who had been shot out of a tree at point-blank 
range with a tear gas canister. 

. SWORD DISPLAYED 
In another incident Honey was photographed wearing a long 

Spanish-style sword while on duty in Isla Vista during the riot. 
Deputy Terry Jagerson and Sgt. David Adams of the L. A. 

Sheriffs' Department confirmed that Honey dropped tear gas 
canisters from a helicopter. although he was aware that the 
action violated Federal Aviation Administration regulations. 

In an incident not connected with the Isla Vista riots. Honey 
took 1.000 pills of dangerous drugs from the department's 
evidence room and instructed a subordinate to " plant" them on 
an alleged heroin seller. Honey told a sheriff's serReant that 
the suspect "had to go to prison." According to sheriff John 
Carpenter ... He told the sergeant if they could not get him (the 
suspect' legally. then they should plant him. He also told the 
sergeant that if suspects could lie on the witness stand to 
prevent them from going to prison. then officers could lie to 

" All The News 
That/s Fit To 

Gobble" 

Volume 14, Number 16 

send them to prison. " 
According to an unconfirmed report Honey also issued a 

,;shoot to kill " order during one of the disturbances in Isla 
Vista . . 

The sheriff said Honey was fired under Section '1202 of the 
Santa Barbara County civil service rules. This provides 
discharge for . "inefficiency. incompetency or negligence in the 
performance of duties. including failure to perform assigned 
tasks or training or failure to discharge duties in a prompt. 
competent and responsible manner." 

OTHER AGENCIES REFUSE ASSISTANCE 
An investigation of Honey was begun last February by 

Carpenter after sheriff's offices in Ventura and San Luis 
Obispo counties said they would refuse to send mutual 
assistance to help put down future disturbances if their men 
were put under Honey 's cpmmarid. 

In response to these charges Honey issued the following 
statement : " 1 categorically deny all allegations set forth in the 
complaint." He further explained that ··the reason for 
displaying the archaic sword was to ease the tension by 
inserting some humor." Honey further declared that he will 
demand a public hearing to dispute all charges against him. 
According to Honey 's attorney. James Lindsey. the hearing 
will disclose a "power struggle" between law enforcement 
agencies handling the Isla Vista disturbances of last year . 
Lindsey went on to declare . "Honey is not going to stand silent 
and be made a scapegoat for what happened out there in Isla 
Vista." 

District Attorney David Minier expressed doubt that Honey 
would be prosecuted on any of the department charges because 
all were misdemeanors and the statute of limitations had run 
out. Honey has been on extended vacation leave since last May. 

University of California, San Diego Tuesday, November 23, 1971 

After several months of depate . students 
won a partial victory Friday in a fight to win 
increased fundinll for financial aids from UC 
tuition revenue. At the UC Board of Regents 
meeting in San Francisco. the Board voted to 
allocate 51.6 million of 53.2 million for 
financial aids. instead of spending it on 
construction projects. 

Student leaders. such as Mike Salerno of 
UCSB and Mark Buchanan of UCLA. had 
lobbied to allocate the entire amount to 
student aid . but were nonetheless pleased with 
the compromise vote. 

Regents allocate tuition fees 
To increased financial. aid 

The motiqp was offered by Regent William 
Roth of San Francisco. and was supported in 
the 11-7 vote bv a very unusual coalition of 
Regents. Regent Catherine Hearst. a 
conservative. voted with several of the 
liberals and in opposition to President Charles 
J . Hitch. who wanted the full amount to IlO for 
construction. He said. " It is a question of 
priorities: there are unmet needs throughout 
the University." 

HUch' PrlorUIe Wron. 
But the student pokesman said Hitch ' 

priori tie were wronlZ . and that present 
tudt'nts houldn 't have to ub Idize 

construction projects which wil1 be compl ted 
alter the\, 've I/raduated. ConcerninlZ th 
unmet con truction n d withan the 

Universitv. Mike Salerno said students are 
willing to'meet for classes "in tents. barracks. 
dorms or terT)porary buildings" if that is what 
is necessary to keep financially troubled 
stud nts in school. 

Failure to pass the motion. Salerno warned 
before the successful vote. would limit the 
Universitv to financially "comfortable" 
students .. and would deny a University of 
California educJtion to all who are qualified. 

Regents who supported the ompromise 
asked the Board to explore cheaper ways of 
providing classroom and laboratory space. 
Roth 's motion also stressed the need that 
medical and dental students not be forgotten 
in the allocation of thi financial aid. 

The Regents also attempted to get a faculty 
pay raise through the legislature. but were 
reiuctant to ask that body to override the 
governor's veto of the 712 per cent pay rai e. 
Regent Campbell sugge ted that the Board a k 
for a 5 per cent pay raise . effective "at the 
earliest possible date ." Regent Roth. 
attempted to gain support for an override. and 
president Hitch sa.id he .would support ~th 
motions. Campbell s motion wa passed alter 
the Regents were told that the last override of 
a governor 's veto wa in 1946. and t~us the 
chances of an overrid for the pa~' ral e wa 
very slim. 

Del/rees for Part-time tudents 
The Regents also heard from a task force 

explorinlZ a whole new way of granting 
degree and extending set educational 
opportunities. Beginning n xt fall. it will 
launch program leading to degre for 
tudent who will tudy parttime from 

housewiv . inner-cit~· poor. to bu inessm n. 
The program i known as the op n 
niversit\· or extended Universit\' . and it i 
widel~' implement d on univer ity and colleg 
campu e cro s the countr~' 

tud nt will tudv in vanou nVlronm nt . 
ranging from a niverslt~' cia sroom to a 
neilZhborhood learninlZ center. 

The niver it\' of California ha be n 
tud\'ing the pO ibllaty of in tilutinj! th 

extend d l'niver it~' program for the pa t 18 
month . On Frida~·. L onard Fr dman. d an 
of l'niv r it~' Exten Ion and C VI -

pre ident DaVId Gardner pre nt d their 
sugg tion to th Boa rd . 

Cau tion ha surrounded th C venture and 
it i ea i1yexplainabl : "W don 't want to turn 
the niversitv 01 Calltornia into a diploma 
mill. " aid Fre dman Th mv r ity i a 
pr tigious. elite in titutlon that ha tend d to 
shun parttime student . and tands ternly 
again t an.\'thing that can b int rpreted as 
lowering it quality. 

How ver. at thi point Its planner 
program a a legltimat part of th mv r Ity 
rath r than a stepchIld who e acad mlc 
quality would be und r constant u tioning. 

The r ception to the pr gram by th R gent 
wa gen rally warm . with om qu tion 
can rning funding and tud nt bod\' make·up. 

Break From Tradition 
Th program. in it enaclm nt. will break 

tram lradltional niversity m thod an many 
ar a. ince it tudent bodv will be primarily 
mad up of p opl who hllZh chool or 

college work is many vears behind them . the 
program must devise new entrance 
requirements designed to mea ure th 
capabilities of these people. However. 
Gardner emphasized throughou t the 
presentation that "only the people with the 
capacity for niver ity work " will be 
admitted. 

Where the students will study is another 
departure from tradition. A portion of their 
work will be an traditional Unaver ity tting 
- cia sroom and labs. Much of th work 
however will be in learning centers in 
communities nearer the' student body - in 
suburbs. in th inner city and in bu me 
centers. 

Here. the parttime student could come for 
independent study. to u e library books or 
learning device like tape recordings. video 
tapes. or meet for periodic eminar WIth 
faculty members and fellow tudent . 

Th 'progrdm would olfer only upper-dlvl ion 
studv leading to a bach lor 's d gree. and 
graduat tudy leading to a ma ter 's d gree 
The a umption i that lower-diVIsion work 
can be ea Ily done at one of lh state' 
communit\' colleg . 

To the students of John Muir 
John Muir College last week approved a 

motion which , in e ence, e tabli he a n w 
general education requirement plan. Thi 
con titutes a chang in th ollege By-Law 
and mu t be approved b the San Dieg 
Divi ion of th Acad mi nate. Moreover, 
the qUI- tion of the extent to which thi chang 
will be retroactiv I not cl ar . With th se tw 
fact III mind w advise pr ent tud nt i 
Muir Cllle e to b con ervative an plannjn 
th ir program for the r t of th ar . I 
particular. we do not recomm nd tha 
ctu:! r.L ;11. 11 UjJt :\jU II ' \:, U h a 
math matic or \anguag , which might 
difficult to r um next y ar. 



page two 
Financial aid info 

The Financial Aids Office is now preparing for the Winter 
Quarter. Vouchers for fee deferrals will be mailed to students 
about Dec. 5. Checks for the Winter Quarters will be ready 
Dec. 21. Loan checks may be picked up at the Loan Collection 
Office, 204 Matthews Campus. All other checks may be picked 
at the Accounting Office, 301 Matthews Campus. PLEASE 
NOTE : FEES MUST BE PAlD BEFORE CHECKS CAN BE 
ISSUED. 

The last date for payment of fees without penalty is Jan. 4. 
Students with special problems are urged to contact the 
Financial Aid Office early to avoid last minute confusion and 
delay. 

Financial aid applications accepted 
Financial aid applications for 1972-1973 will be mailed to all 

students currently receiving financial aid around Dec. 5. 
Students who wish to apply for aid for the academic year' l972-
1973 but who are not currently receiving aid should obtain a 
financial aid application at 250 Matthews Campus after that 
date. 

Please noted important deadlines: Jan. 15, 1972 for 
Scholarships Application ; March 15, 1972 for all other forms of 
financial aid . 

Aid for foreign students 
This notice pertains to relaiDiDg self·supporlIDg sludeDls on 

F-I or J-I visas (students should have been here at UCSD for at 
least one year ). Due to the increase in out~f-state tuition to 
$1500 per year, the Regents have provided emergency funds in 
order to waive that increase to eligible returning self-
supporting students. Because of an extensive screening 
process, the Financial Aids Office will not be prepared to 
waive anyone 's fee until the Winter Quarter (Fall Quarter fee 
will be retroactive in January ). This waiver does not apply to 
students who are : 
I . Supported by their home government 
2. Supported by a corporation 
3. Supported by a fellowship 
4. Students with a tuition waiver from their departments 
5. Immigrants ' 
6. New first year students at UCSD. 

The forms to apply for this waiver are available in the Office 
of International Education. International Center. Matthews 
Campus. APPLY NOW. 

Abortion clinic opened 
An abortion in titu te spon ored by BCI I Birth Control 

Insti tute I in San Diego. It is located at 4536 Park Blvd .. 
telephone 291-4650. 

Th is orga nization . which has Its origms in Los Angeles IS 
"deeplv committed to eliminat ing the tragedy of unwanted 
pregnanc~' ... 

4000 girls have been treated in L.A .. ranging from an ll-
year old mentally retarded girl to a 55-~'ear-o ld widow. The 
total cost. up to 13 weeks of pregna nc~·. is approx ima t e l~' $165: 
and from 14 to 20 weeks It is $350. Where Imances are a 
problem. the stall explores the pos i bilit~· of temporary Medi-
Cal for those who ma~' qualify . ;'\0 one has ever been turned 
awa\' fo r lack of mone\" 

In' addition to their' problem -pregna nc~' work , the institu te 
ha developed tnnova tions in vasectomy and tubal ligation. 
pallent education. and ca re that makes pos Ible substantia II:; 
reduced fees and Improved qualit\· 01 treatment. Va ectomies 
are be lDj! done at an a\'erage surgical lee 01 95 .. 

II \ou n cd help. call the In titute at 291 -4650 If "ou want to 
help . volu nteers are needed to be Irained as aborllon 
counselors duri ng their Iree li me 

Appl ~(ations taken for thesis grants 
Thl <!ommittee on Research invites applications for thesis 

and ,Iissertation research grants from registered graduate 
stude1tr ' Small j!rants t.ll a maximum of $300 may be awarded 
to indv dual students tor purclta I: of minor ,.;tl)i~l equipment. 

expeT1d~ble materials and upplies. photoreproduction of 
resea materials. and transportation costs. Funds are not 
availlb e for l"OIl1PU IID ~ time. thesis or dissertation typing. or 

subs i :;t~nce while traveling. These grants are designed to 
assis: ~tudents who have no other source of funds for their 
dl sertation res arch and thesis projects. Only one grant will 
be a\ailable to a student uunn/! his career. but the tenure of an 
award ma y be up to one calendar year. Applications will be 
accepted from regi tered graduate students who have been 
advanced to cand idacv for the Ph. D .. and M.F.A. candidates 
who have been In residence at UCSD a full three quarters . 

Application forms are available in departmental offices. 
Student must submit completed application forms to the 
Committee on Research. Academic Senate. 106 Me. by Dec. 1. 
1971. for grants beginning In the Winter Quarter . 1972: and by 
Feb. I. 1972. for grants beginning in the Spring Quarter . 

Page 2 Triton Times Tuesday, November 23,1971 

UCSD in 

Jewish Culture 
National 
lobby 

Test 
1. What are knishes? 
2. The traditional Friday meal consists 01 : \) roast 

bee!: 21 chicken : 31Iamb: .1 fish? 

Associated Students Council 
president Paul Kaufman today 
announced that UCSD has been 
accepted as a charter member 
of the National Student Lobby. 

The National Student Lobby 
is a Washington, D. 'c.-based 
organization that represents 
students in Congress. The lobby 
is a pioneer effort to actively 
involve students in the 
decision-making processes of 
the federal government. 

3. A quorum lor a religiOUS service requires how many 
men over the age of 13? 

4.What is the name of the unleavened bread eaten or 
Passover? 

5. What does the word "Ben" mean in a man's name -
e.g. Dal'id Ben-Gurion' 

6. Name two of the first five Jewish ballplayers in the 
American League. 

7. Whatisa litvak? 
8, Who is the founding [ather o[ mod~rn-day br~.-l? 
9. Who is Meir Kahane? 

The lobby currently boasts a 
membership of 33 schools in 22 

, .. .-..... ""P~ with a combined student 
AlIIl'Inrollml'nt of nearly a quarter 

of a million individuals. The 
fledgling organization hopes to 
attract a membership of at 
least 500 coHeges and 
universities prior to next Oct. 
4, the first anniversary date of 

to II h~1 " I he ,d,,"~"" hU,IIle" ' 
I I. What is the most common health hazard in the 

United States among Jewish men and women? 
---.... - 12. In a word. what is Portnoy's Complaint? 

13. How many planes are there in the EI AI fleet? 
14. What are three variations on the word 
",I,,"ud, 

the group. • 
The answers to this cultural exam will be printed in 

Tuesdays edition. This test was submitted by Dr. 
Leonard Katz of the Biology Department. We need tests 
from other cultures. Anyone wishing to submit one 
should bring it to the TT office. Blake Hall. 

UCSD is the first California 
school to join the lobby effort. 
According to a spokesman 
from the national office of the 
student lobby, students " will 
soon be able to keep the student 
body better informed about the 
activities of Congress than 
many local newspapers. 
Special emphasis will be lent to 
Congressman John Scmitz and 
his voling record in order that 
students ma y make an 
intelligent , informed choice 
when they become involved in 
next year ' s election 
campaign ." 

State to subsidize private med s(:hools 
Governor Reagan signed into law Tuesday a bill to permit 

the state, for the first time, to subsidize private medical 
schools in an effort to alleviate a growing shortage of 
physicians and surgeons. 

According to the LOS ANGELES TIMES the bill , sponsored 
by Sen. Donald L. Grunsky (R-Watsonville), permits the state 
to pay $12 ,000 annually to private schools for each medical 
student added to the number currently enrolled. It also 
provides state fellowships to cover the ('ost of tuition, fees, and 
books for needy students attending accredited private medical 
schools . 

Reagan said he signed the bill because by 1980 the state will 
need 2,000 new doctors every year. " It will encourage these 
institution to use their medical school facilities to the fullest 
extent." the governor said, " to meet the shortage of doctors 
without additional cost to the state's taxpayers ." 

Aid for Non-Public Schools 
tn a related matter, the State Senate has approved a bill 

providing text books and other aid to students in nonpublic 
secondary and elementary schools. The measure was 
approved by a 22-8 margin and returned to the Assembly for 
concurrence in Senate amendments . The author , 
Assemblyman John Vasconcellos (D-Campbell l, predicted that 
the lower house would send the bill to Reagan, but he is 
undercertain as to what action the governor will take . 

Opponents of the bill have warned that it would violate the 

IMPORTED FOODS- WINES AND CHAMPAGNES 
THE HOME OF THE " ARTICHOKE FRIT ..... TTA" 

Cresci's C " jlJ 
)Iarkct &- Delicate sen 

Catering- all size parti es 
Food to go 

i833 Girard .he. La Jolla, Calif. --1-59-5191 

THE GOLDEl\ 
ROLLIl\ BELLY 

Pli b / R .. s tllll rllnl 
Elljoy (/ he(lrl .' · brett" ill our 

fille OI(le Ellflli.~h ." IIlI(I '~J1 I, ('r{'. 
Entertainment :\ight l ~ 

unda~ Brunch oncert. 
225 15th t" Del :\1 ar 755-1414 

separation of church and state, by providing benefits for 
churches that run private schools. They also argue that since 
the Legislature has done nothing to provide more money for 
public education ; it has no business subsidizing private 
education. 

Would Help Students 
Grunsky replied that the measure would help students, not 

the churches, and that money for their education represented a 
savi ng for the state. Grunskv went on to explain that private 
schools were spending S350 million a year on their student . He 
said this was mone~' the state would have to spend if the 
pri\'ate schools did not eXIst. 

The bill requires the state Board of Education to make state 
elementary school textbooks available to non-pUblic schools. It 
also requires that a variety of services for handicapped 
children be made available, and. finally, requires that high 
schools admit non-pUblic students for vocation and science 
classes when space is available. Because no one knows how 
many private schools will take textbooks or use the services, 
no one can estimate the cost of the new assistance. . 

Senator George Moscone of San Francisco. Democratic floor 
leader and a supporter of the b.iIls , said he believes the 
measure passed this year (a fter failures in the past) because 
parochial schools are closing down. "Supporters of state aid 
have been crying wolf for years; now it's happening," Moscone 
said. Moscone also qredited a strong lobbying campaign for the 
measure 's passage. 

LOW PRICED RECORDS 
HAVE COME TO LA JOLLA 

ANNOUNCING THE OPENING OF THE: 

SHORES 
RECORD 

SHOP 
Open Daily Except Mondays 

Nights Til9pm 
2246 Avenida De La Playa, L.J . Shore, 

(He.t Door to the So. Ca. ht Hat'IBank) 

triton tilDes 

~ave p,le .. to.t1't- Presiderl tho~ 
111€y will rWli n the- UD- CDmine Uc S, 
NaHonal A--e1ierlti'al €iec+,cn-· pr~vtded that he . 
him,sGI-F does rot 5ee~ reno m,'nil Yl! ' 

I 

A humanitarian 8 pclrt 
tli1'1f! Ila~rtJeenact(r 1"(6 
dlsccvered an dnc lE:nl 
~w6nd er ~1l.HYfl tllar ". 1IIe. 
'w; ! leu r€, eve r i - ~ :f-
1/ lin&, fCI..UKJ In ttl'~ 
I-\rnd iean med ie aJ 
JOL{rnaL 

-

S AhhOUnced fi1attr1 \\ raWa \ 
as been PUt i 0 fD h.i h ¢ea rand th at 
U ~ ir'Yerveni/Oh WI ~n (ome to 
an endc.' S c,c'h come tan end.c ( 

~Cil Cern€:, tc. an end 'H 

iT pu~-cho().ed T1')Er)1 r d v/r)~ t Sole 1\(n1y 
5ur pl'JS S-ro(e en h rt! Bne {?){'oadway, II 

Tuesday, November 23, 1971 Triton Times Page 3 



FEIFFER 

MI( 6l(6~ AR~ 
8~/~DFal/£(/,~I$T ( 

\ 

H'MOUF'S 
6SG8 R~T? 

\ 

WHc~ 00 ~U ~ 
BREAK FRE£ (' 

/ 
~. 

,,-2' 
W~A f W ClW HEA~ 
BefAK' FReEt: 

.... 

(f 

r ~IKf [T. 

triton tinles 
E iitor-in-Chit'l' 
( :, 1\' Editnr 

:\l a'na~in/! Edlwr 
c.)I!~' Editor 
B J inl' 11 :\1 ana~t'r 
Ed IOrial Dirl'ctnr 
Art Editor 

port Editor 
l·hoto/!raph~· Editor 
\ sistant Cit~· Editnr 

\Iolh' St"h'in 
Frank ithillillS 
Cann' ' hari r k 

Chuck Graham 
Te rn Barak 

I)a\'id Buchbinder 
Carrie Rick{'\" 

:\1 ikl' Rath 
Joe Easll'rn 

Larry Beckel 

The TMITON TIMES " offICially re<ogn'led and .upported o. a .tudent 
newspop.r by the Communlcahons Boord of the University of California, 
Son DIogo. Bu,ldlng 2.50. Man"'"" Campu •• La Jolla. Colilornlo 92037 
Publication ,.tw,et w .. kly on Tuesdoy' ond fridoys Off"e. ar.locat.d 
In room 117 81akl Hall. on the Rlvlli. Compu •. for ad •• rtll,ng phon • • 

.53-2000.)( 1017; for editorial or n .... ' phon. X 1016. 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, Novem ber 23,1 971 

.. 

Pepper CanY.R Ctllmunity salOl: 

Alive and Well at the Del Mar Fairgrounds 
• by J. Reitzes 

For the past several weeks parents and teachers of the 
Pepper Canyon Community School have been baking whole-
grain fruit breads and selling slices with butter every 
Wednesday on Revelle Plaza, to raise money for the school. 
UCSD people who stopped by for some bread wanted to rap 
about Pepper Canyon, and asked lots of questions. . 

We'd like to use this space to answer some of these quesl1~ns 
as a way of communicating with the whole UCSI? com~uru~y 
about our experiment in alt.ernative education, WhiCh , until thiS 
past June, grew for a beautiful year in a corner of the 
Matthews campus known as Pepper Canyon. 

Wby 1 .. '1 Pepper CaDYOD 
Still OD Campti.? 

This past summer the UC Regents decided that an 
educational alternative for children didn't belong on the UCSD 
campus. We're still not really sure what the reasons were.'The 
school developed last year as an activity of the UCSD Learning 
Community, a regular student organization of UCSD studen~s , 
faculty and staff who, with University approval, began to bUild 
a school around an old storage building on Matthews campus. 
Parents teachers and cllildren built an addition and a restroo~ , put in plumbing and wiring, started a garden, 
collected books and supplies, and welcomed lots of UCSD 
people who wanted to be with us - a~ volunteers, .on work-
study or class projects relating to teaching and learmng, or as 
friends . Children and teachers were able to walk to labs and 
workshops, the art museum and the library. It was pretty close 
to ideal for a school. . 

After the Regents' decision, we figured that the school 
needed to go on this year , and we finally found a place to rent ID 
the Snak Shak on the Del Mar fairgrounds. Welcome ! 

Who are the CblldreD? 
Wbere do tbey come from? 

How old are they? 
How caD tbey get IDto 

tbe scbool? 
The children come from University families and from the 

surrounding communities. Tiley come because they and their 
parents have been unhappy with the public schools and ~ant to 
search' for an alternative. This year so far we have 21 children, 
ages 5-10, mostly boys, and we're interested iJ more -
especially girls - up to a limit of ~ children .. 

Parents and children who are mterested 10 the school are 
invited to come spend a day or two at the school ~nd. to be 
involved with wllatever's going on. Parents are also inVited to 
one of the weekly school meetings to rap with other parents 
and the teachers. All applications are discussed by parents and 
teachers and admission decisions are made by consensus. The importa~t admissions criteria are : 1) will th~ child b~ happy. at 
Pepper Canyon? 2) will the parents become IDvolved ID the life 
of the school? 3) can the family pay some tuition? The school IS 
always short of money, but there is no fixed tuition rate . 
Families are asked to pay what they can and that 's ~orked 
fine . We trust one another . 

Who are the le8cbers? 
This year we have two full-time and one half-time paid 

teachers, each with different special skills. One of the teachers 
has experience working with children on reading, drama and 
filmmaking ; another is very involved in musi~ and t 'a1 ebl ; the 
third has a master 's In French , has worked With Headstart and 
has many craft skills including pottery, leather , painting, 
dyeiog , batiking and candle-makmg. 

We've looked for and found teachers who have had good 
experiences working with children, who are creative and 
loving people aware of their own feelings and able to accept 
children as individuals. We 're not concerned about teach 109 
credentials, especially since California doesn 't require them 
for independent primary schools. Parents, work· study people 
and volunteers come to work with the children in reading, 
science, math , art or whatever their interest is. Some come 
just to be with the children and give help where it 's needed . We 
welcome anyone who likes children and can help us make the 
school a place for learning. 

What is tbe pbllosophy of education? 
Wbat are tbe priorities? 

We call ourselves a child-centered school. That means we 
believe children are self·motivating and become involved in 
learning of all kinds when they are in and part 01 a rich, loving 
and accepting environment: people who care about them and 
are, themselves. intellectually curious, aware of themselves 
and others as persons, and interested in the world around 
them. We believe that a school should be a place rich in 
possibilities for learning : lots of books for ~id s to read a~ut 
things which interest them , math and logiC games, pamts, 
anything with shape and color to build with, cameras to make 

letters to the Editor 
Forget it! 

Editor : 
My husband and I are rece~t 

subscribers to UCSO s 
TRITON TIMES and. if 
Wendall Hamilton's column on 
"gra ffi ti " in the Oct. 29 issue is 
a sample of Univer ity level 
reading in store for us. 
FORGET IT! 

True. my opinion here may 
be worthless to your staff 

because I'm a parent and 
expense-payer. over age 40, a 
member of the overworked and 
boring "establishment" 
nevertheless, I am also a 
SUBSCRIBER! 

Mr. Hamilton must be an 
arduous truth·seeker in seeking 
material for hi s column on 
toilet walls. I agree that some, 
even _most, graffiti is clever 
and entertaining - but I have 
to wonder at the work ings of a 
mind caught up in wriling 

movies with , mattresses for wrestling. batteries and wire for 
electricity experiments, junk. 

We believe that the development of a child's person and his 
relations with others is of ultimate importance; that children 
thrive and grow where they are accepted and cared about; and 
that specific learning of academic subjects and skills needs to 
emerge from where the individual child is as a person - his 
interests, concerns, joys and fears . 

But wbat .boIt tH "Tllree R· ... ? 
Many of the children knew how to read and write and do 

math when they came to the school ; many have begun to read 
and write by themselves just as they learned to speak. Some 
are working indivitiual\y with teachers on basic mathematical 
operations and math games - because they 're interested , 

For example, a seven-year-old flay , intensely interested in 
model-making, quite rapidly increased his readin~ skills in 
order to read directions and learn as much as poSSible about 
the ships and planes he was making. This child was interested 
in World War I planes and wanted to find out everything he 
could about the planes, the fliers, the battles they were in, the 
war the countries involved. He asked questions, and the par~nts and teachers tried to help him get the skills and 
resources he needed to answer them : helping him figure out 
the words on the model bo)(, taking him to the library, writing 
stories that he dictated. Another boy rapidly began to learn 
how to write when his friend sent him a secret message and he 
wanted to write his own secret message. In several cases it 
seemed that children already had word recognition and phonic 
skills which, in the appropriate situation, became related and 
used in new ways ; almosLas if they had discovered<that they 
knew how to read! . . 

Some children on the other hand, seem to resist learrung 
how to read or Write or how to manipulate numbers, many 
times because U~ have been made anxious about it or feel 
badly about themselves and worry about faili~g . We try to deal 
with the feelings that may be preveetlq a child from le.armng 
and exercising his curiosity, and try also to proVide an 
environment that will make it possible for him to learn when 
he's ready. Learning the " three R's is no problem for children 
when it stops being a problem for the adults around them. 
What bappus to Pepper Coyo. kids wIIea tbey have to 10 

back to ptlbll~ ICbooI? 
A few children have gone to public school after a year or less 

at Pepper Canyon. None of ~he~ have ha~ any h~ndicaps ~at 
we koow of. Often this question IS asked With the Idea that kids 
who have been in a free learning environment won 't be able to 
cope with the " real world" of the traditional public school 
classroom or won't be sufficiently prepared for more difficult 
learning in junior or-senior high school. . 

Everything we know tells us that our approach to teachmg 
and learning helps build childrens' strengths, not only to cope 
but also to be able to develop the resources necessary for 
learning. Some children, in fact , may find themse!ves :no~e 
secure in the public school structure or , at a certam pomt 10 
their growth , may want to move into more directed learning. 
The point of Pepper Canyon is not to alienate children from the 
public schools: many of our kids are here because the. schools 
have alienated them. Our point is the need for alternatives and 
the multiplication of many different possibilities for learning 
and being. 

Such alternatives are also being developed at the junior and 
senior high school level. A case in point is the formation this 
year of the Black Mountain School, which, in part, grew out of 
the need for more directed and comple)( learrung felt by 
several of the older children in Pepper Canyon last year. Many 
of these children have decided they want to prepare 
tbem.elves to go on to college, and they , their parents and their 
teachers are setting about to develop a learning environment 
that will help them do that. Neither Pepper Canyon nor any 
school like it can claim to have the answers. We have chosen to 
build a place where we can get involved in discovering and 
asking the right questions - where we can multiply 
possibilities. 
What are Pepper CaDyoD'• DeedS? What caD IDtere.ted people 

do to belp? 
First, we need and want children and their parents who 

would like to become part of the school. We have about 10 
openings and we'd love to have some more girls and older (]o-
m kids of both sexes. If interested, can Jane Bishop , 459-2719 
for application and fTlore information. 

We need and want lots of stuff to make our school a lot more 
stimulating : typewriters, tools, a record player, cassette or 
reel tape recorders, maltress.es , art supplies: anythi~g for 
building, heavy rope , electflc Wire, battefles, SWitches, 
supplies for experiments, microscopes, etc. etc. ad IDfinitum_ 

And , of course. we always need money. That 's why we're 
selling bread . 

about hum an bowel 
movements, etc. 

As a parent, I was so upset by 
the obscenities and downright 
vulgarity of this , that I damned 
near mir.sed picking the paper 
up and reading the rest of it, 
which contained ome positive, 
good and interesting material. 

DON ' T CANCE L MY 
SUBSCRIPTION! I still will 
enjoy future editions -
especially, now that I've been 
shocked to my toes and can 
fir t scan and ignore immature 
and messy drivel like the 
subject column. 

Thanks to those students on 
campus and on the staff who 
uphold our faith in our youth , 
the real truth· seekers of your 
generation , who like us, are 
able to take obscenity and filth 
in its proper perspective, and 
then go on about their adull 
busi ness. Tha nk you. 

Very truly yours, 
Mrs. James B. Stacy 

P.S. I'm well aware that my 
letter won 't be printed but 
you 'll have to admit that it 's 
good for some hilarious 
laughter at your end! 

San Diego PD Takes Time to Respond 
Edilor ', NOle: When conlaCled by .he new. 

edilor of 'he TT. Ihe Son Die~o Police 
refused 10 commenl upon Ihe occUMI.ion, 
11.01 hove been direc.ed parliolly ollhem . . 

by Bruce Condra 

that one had an outstanding traffic warrant 
for about $96, and also possibly a $1000 
narcotics warrant. On this basis he brought 
in the three. In his search of the car and the 
men, he found a 9-mm handgun on the front 
seal. It was registered to Ken Carr, a student 
or Third College. In Carr 's pocket was a 
loaded clip of 9-mm ammo, Also in Carr's 
pocket was a 10-foot length of twine. 
Concealed in the driving compartment was a 

I wrote a letter to San Diego Chief of pair of rubber gloves. These items are very 
Police R. L. Hoobler, suggesting that a familiar to those intending to hold up service 
member of his staff take this opportunity to stations. In addition, one of the occupants 
reply to a TRITON TIMES article of Last (possibly Carr) matched the description of a 
Friday . This would provide an excellent person seen holding up a service station 
demonstration of two·way communication elsewhere in Southern California. 
between groups who misunderstand each All three men were taken in, but not 
other frequenlly. The article, you recall , necessarily to be arrested. The police 
announced that the San Diego Police department is required by law to arraign and 
Department had unreasonably detained charge a person within 48 hours, or grant 
three UCSD students, presumably because ' release. Svidal clarified the text of the law 
they had an unloaded handgun on the front on this poinl. If the 48·hour period of 
seal. detention expires on a weekend. then the 

In response, I received a call from L. E. department is entitled to detain a suspect 
Svidal of the SOPO's North County Detective until the first day the courts are open. Thus, 
Division. He spent more than one hour a person brought in on Thursday or Friday 
describing the events as the department has might have to wait until Monday to be 
recorded them. When I suggested that he or released. 
another department member write a letler More Evidence Wanted 
to the TT, he replied that the TRITON Palm and finger prints were made, and the 
TIMES is evidently predisposed to distrust g·mm gun was test fired . The same model of 
any reply. On the basis of the editorial g·mm handgun served to murder a Southern 
clipping he had received, he felt the the TT California man in a recent gas station hold. 
was hostile to the police viewpoinl. There up. Information about the three was 
are so many people at UCSD prejudiced circulated via a computer network with 
against all aspects of police department agencies in several western states. It was 
work, it doesn't seem worth the time to look the intention of the police department to 
for open ears. organize as much of the evidence as possible,' 

"Suspicious" Bebavior before releasing Carr and his companions. 
The facts , as Svidal outlined them, are as The ammunition in Carr's pocket 

follows . Around 10 p.m. a car with three constituted a violation of California law 
Third College you ng men inside was seen regarding the transport of firearms. 
parked near a gas station at autilus and La Firearms must be carried in plain view. but 
Jolla Blvd. An officer saw them sitting there , ammunition must not be within reach. Isn 't 
and suspecting that they intended to rob the it reasonable to ask Carr why the gun was 
station, he circled the block . He followed at carried in this manner? Is it possible tha! the 
some distance as they pulled down La Jolla patrol Officer acted with correct intuition, 
Blvd. southward, slowing down as they and that as a result some poeple were caught 
looked at service stations in Bird Rock . off base ? 
Their speed was clocked at 42 mph in a 35 This article is written in order to follow ' 
zone. The officer was acting in this way through and respond to the suggestion that 
because there have been several hold·ups of the San Diego Police Department was just 
San Diego gas stations in recent weeks , out hassling longhairs and blacks. There is no 
usually conducted atciosing time. point in nurturing police-state paranoia. 

The officer pulled the car over at Garnet especially if facts and opinions have to be 
and Mission Blvds. He requested a routine sy tematically ignored to bring paranoia to 

,~,roKs[ff Ii/,. GC£S ~. 
TH N0V29 ~T· 6pm 

• dIAl 50 
SPECIAL PERFORMANCE 

. By Young, Gifted & 
Black Theatre Co., New York 

LORRAINE 
HANSBERRY'S 

., 

The Draft: 

American Roulette 
by Lance Beizer 

Today we shall be examining some of the most 
significant changes to the list of classifications 
apparently resulting from the new draft law and 
regulations . Let's look at these changes in 
numerical order. 

First, a new classification, 1-H, has been 
established. All new registrants will initially be 
placed in 1-H, not to have the classification 
change until , upon receipt of their lottery 
numbers, it seems likely that they may be 
drafted. Each year a cutoff will be set beyond 
which it seems unlikely that anyone will be 
called. Those above that limit will retain their 1· 
H classification unless estimates prove to have 
been too low. On the other hand, anyone who has 
been reclassified I-A , but whose number is not 
reached, will then be placed in class 1-H and 
becomes a member of the Second Priority 
Selection Group. 

Second, a product of the Wei h decision last 
year, the phase " religious training and belief" 
has been deleted from the requirement for 
conscientious objector classification. The 
wording on Form 150 is now being 
correspondingly altered. A future column will 
deal with these changes. 

The I·S·C classification that has come to be so 
greatly relied on by students who need an 
additional (normally fifth ) year as an 
undergraduate has now been eliminated. Instead, 
students who are reached for induction while they 
are full-time student will merely have their 
inductions postponed - until the end of the 
quarter for freshmen . sophomores, and juniors 
and until the end of the academic year for 
seniors. It is unclear at thi point how long 
graduate students will be allowed to remain in 
school , thought It appears likely to continue to be 
until the end of the academic year. The 
difference this change makes I crucial for a 
couple of rea ons. First, it means that your 
induction will be almost immediately after your 
postponement runs out. whereas with the 1-8-e 
your appeal rights could have delayed induction 
by a matter of month Second, when you r draft 

board sends the original induction notice it closes 
off your ability to become a conscientious 
objector (if you then make such a claim your case 
is heard by the army after your illduction). It 
even prevents your enlisting in other branches of 
the service. 

The 2·S classification has, of course, ended for 
undergraduatcs who entered college for th first 
time this academic year. And , although it is, I 
think, an .oversight which presumably will be 
corrected before the new regulations take final 
form in December, there are no provisions in the 
new regulations for deferments for medical and 
dental students, etc. 

A new classification is 4-G. It is an exemption 
for two groups ' those whose father , brother, or 
sister died in action or in the line of duty (in the 
Armed Services) prior to Jan. I, 1960 and who are 
the only surviving son in their families : and those 
whose father , brother, or sister died in action or 
in the line of duty on or after Jan. 1. 1960 
irrespective of whether there are any other 
brother (whole, not half) in their families . 

Finally, one of the most common (and most 
commonly sought after ) c1as ifications has been 
eliminated. There is no longer to be a 1-Y under 
the new regulations. That does not , however, 
mean that no one will any longer be disqualified 
from the Army for medical , mental or moral 
reasons. Nor does it mean that those of you who 
currently hold I- Y's ought to start packing. What 
will happen is that tho e registrants who have 
been examined and granted a I·Y temporarily 
will probably be reclassified I-A before being 
recalled for another examination . Tho e who in 
the future are found temporarily not qualified 
will be retained in class I·A, but not drafted. 
After a second examma lion, unless there are 
extraordinary circumstances, the registrant will 
either be found qualified for service or classified 
4-F. 

Those are the most important changes to the 
classlficallon . Future columns wili deal with 
procedural changes - both with the appeal 
process and conscientious objector applications. 

More letters 
Edmund Muskie 
Strikes Back 

week the Gallup poll provided 
some confirmation of the 
Democratic front ·runner 's 
analy is ." 

go out of hi way to destroy his 
election chances through 
chOOSing unelectable running 
mates If we wi~h to give Black 
men political equality, we 
might start by more positive 
measures than cuLLing back 
Civil-rights enforcement and 
nominating imcompetents to 
the Supreme Court simply 
becau e they are while 
southerners, which have been 
PreSident Nixon ' s 
contnbullon to racial politics. 
Putting Spiro Agnew Ifl 
blackface will simply not do 
the job. 

The students of UCSD should 
b thankful to the Republican 
National Committee for giving 
us all a new lesson in "How To 
Li With Statistics" (TT. Nov. 
12 1. Lofton quotes a recent 
Gallup Poll a stating that 57 
percent of the, population, 
"~nough to elect a Pre ide nt, " 
would vote for a Black vice· 
president. This sounds very 
nice , of course, but it also 
mean that no less than 43 
percent would Dot vote for any 
candidate with a Black running 
mate. 

This is in fact the 
interpretation generally given 
to these results. To quote 
Newsweek (Nov. n, "And last 

We are then told tha: Muskle 
is guilty of "expediency," and 
a 1958 speech of his is quoted to 
"prove" that he is not living up 
to his own principles. (God help 
u if Nixon started livmg up to 
his 1958 Commie-hunting 
" principles." Apart from some 
amazement at being attacked 
for expediency by a supporter 
of its greatest living 
practitioner, we may humbly 
point out that the color of one's 
vice·presidential nominee has 
not a thing to do with either 
principles or convictions. In his 
speech, Muskie called for 
adherance to convictions in the 
formulation and enactment of 
policy (not a celebrated ixon 
trail). He did not anywhere 
imply that a politician should 

In short. the next time the 
Republican National 
Committee's Goliath attacks 
UCSD's David, we might at 
least hope that he would not 
leave such obvious chinks in his 
logical armor. 

Richard Robinson 
UCSD Students for Muskie 

BENIN OF AFRICA 

1105 Prospeci SI. 
La Jolla , Calif . 92037 

(714) 454·0805 
Importers • African Fabrics 

Curios, Arts & Crafts 
Wholesale & Retail 

_ : . , ... liT. 1. A.I. III P .• . TO BE YOUNG, 
GIFTED & BLACK 

Tuesday, Nov. 23, 1971 
8:00 p.m. Free admission 

Benin offers a variety of African ethni 
costumes. art crafts & curios, beads 
'ewelry, bubas. caftans , danshiki 
dingila. batakiri , fuji, benjimar 
galabeyah. etc_ 

zm A ....... DE LA ,LA Y4 

PIIoDt 459· MtS 

'rl(.rl •• ~ 
'rl~'(', 
I •• ,., 

Art Gallery, 
Matthe~s Campus 

"She stands as the ultimate 
Black writer for Today." 
--Julius Lester, Village Voice 

DIRECTIONS 

~~L 
t-

HERSCHEL ~ 

~II 
BOB DAVIS 
CAMERA SHOP 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 FAY 459-7355 

W, •• , I,., 

Tuesday. November 23,1 971 Triton Times Page S 



• 

• 

how young lovers start as f,./ 
~--------------------------~----~ ~ 

~rrie Rickey 
Very few authors and directors 

have been able to depict the child as 
an adult. The thoughts of Phoebe in 
Salinger's "Catcher in the Rye, " 
and Margaret O'Brien in most of 
her movies come directly to mind. 
But a movie made somewhere 
between 1958 and 1962 (one might 
call that period a filmic void worth 
eschewing) named " Hand in Hand" 
most clearly fitted my vision of the 
portrait of the artist as a child-
adult. 

"Hand in Hand" concerned the 
allegorical sufferings of a nine-year 

" Friends" has a rather Campbell-
ish musical score by Elton John 
thlt. 1 imaj!ine, is pretty fitting . 

"Friends." quite simply. is about 
a young. mischievous and lonely 
English boy (Sean Bury I living in 
Paris with his widowed father; and 
an orphaned French girl (A nicee 
Alvina ) living in Paris with her 
cousin and her cousin 's lecherous 
boyfriend. The pair meet at the zoo 
and. one afternoon. their daily 
rendezvous takes them to the 
French countryside wh~re they 
decide to steal a lost weekend. and 
end up spending a lost year at the 
youn/( girl's dead father 's cottage at 
Aries. Once the friends reach Aries 
you will understand why Van Gogh 
decided to choose Aries as the 
stomping j!round for his assorted 

Ruth Silverstrom 

old English Jewish girl and a nille-
year old English Catholic boy_The 
tVio become blood brothers after 
watching John Wayne and Jay 
Silverheels make a blood-pact 
during a movie western , The two 
children visit each other's 
respective church and synagogue 
and decide that religion, as far as 
they were concerned, is useless, 
and they run away from home only 
to meet with calamity and revert 
back to religion , I recall this movie 
as one of the most charming movies 
I have ever seen: 

Apparently, " Hand in Hand " has 

lunacies. 
The town of Aries is lovely. as IS 

the cottage, as is the MedIterranean 
and asare the friends-turned- overs. 
He looks for a job after some lean 
times. she settles down to 
housekeeping, Contrived? Yes, but 
it fits so nicely , There is that time 
of glory in the flower Hhank you, 

. Mr. Wordsworth ) when people are 
free from the bindinl( confines of 
adulthood. There must be happy 
child-adults somewhere running up 
and down the beach on the backs of 
wild horses. "Friends. " in brief. is 
merely another film about the 
banalities and hil1hpoints of 
evervday life ; what makes it 
diffe'rent is its portrayal ol two 

a sequel - a sequel in spirit if not in 
the real flesh , at any rate. The 
movie is called "Friends," and is 
directed by Lewis Gilbert, There 
are three major differences 
between " Friends" and "Hand in 
Hand. " however: 1) the children 
have aged six or seven yean and 
now 'thev are in (heir teens · .... are 
English I ma le 1 and French 
((emale 1 rather than Catholic and 
Jewish I pardon the mixed 
nationalities and relgions) ; 1 21 the 
movie takes place in Paris and 
Aries rather thaI! in London and 
Southend-on-Sea : 31 and. finally. 

children trying to make it in an 
adult world . 

It 's been a long time since 1 've 
seen a movie that was whimsical 
and happy and bittersweet but did 
not take itself too seriously, Of 
course. the phot6graphy in 
"Friends" was quite elaborate, but 
its storyline is superb. " Friends" 
like "Hand in Hand." is charming. 
However. " Friends" does not have 
the universal and overbearing 
symbolism that weighed "Hand in 
Hand" down , LewiS Gilbert's flair 
for a fitling finale. ends the movie 
splendidly: can two young people 
live alone in a place whose society 
permi ts only adults as its 
backbone? 

I 

:l 
c.. 
(I' 
• 

• 

• 

audience who will taK!' her er ousl\ , II IS a role she doesn't 
have to audition for and one she kno\':s she can perform well. 

Prostitution is a subject that has been dealt with many 
times in films. but seldom has the result been quite as 
satisfactorv as in the latest eHort. " Klute", directed by Alan J . 
Pakula ("The Sterile Cuckoo"!. ' 

We also visit a brothel a bar and a discotheque and become 
acquainted with some of the ..Jl.'l(radation and humility 
involved with prostituting one 's y. None of this is explicit ' 

"she enjoys being 
a prostitute . .. 

The story concerns a private detective. Dan Klute (Donald 
Suthl'rland I. who has !x'en hired to go to .'\ew York in search 01 
a man who has Ill'en missin/! lor six months. His first ('ontact is 
a call-/!irl Bree Daniel IJ ane Fonda I . Shl' has r('ceived sev('ral 
obscene letters from this missing man since his visit to her two 
years previously. when he nearly killed her. She doesn 't 
remember what he looked like . but lately she has been 
r4lCeivinl( phone calls from someone who doesn' t answer and 
she has had lilt; ftclir.~ hein~ followed, We soon learn that 
the /!irl who made the contact between Bree and the missing 
man is dead. and another friend is found dead in the course of 
the film , After uncovering some evidence. Klute fi~ures out 
that he is look in/! for two men - the one he was hired to find . 
and the murderer of three people and the would -be murderer of 
Bree, And . of coorse. Bree and Klute become sexually involved 
with each other, 

The strength in the film for me was not so much in the stor.v. 
or the suspense lof which there was ver~' little I. or the acting 
(possiblv Fonda 's best performance 1. but rather in the 
eltcellent wav the life of a successful call !lirt is portrayed, 
There are several scenes in the office of a psychiatrist I a 
woman I where BreI' tells some of her secrets. She enjoys being 
a prostitut(' , she says. because thi !lIves he~ an opporluOIt,· to 
act.: (he on(' thlnl( she would most like to do, She ha a receptl"e 

but is inferred from some 01 he dialogue. Fonda's facial 
expressions and monologues a la Godard WIth her psychiatrist. 

\ 

One excellent scene is where a row of models are Sitting and 
being scrutinized by some people for a job. The examiners 
walk from one end to the other de cri JlR1( each woman as if she 
were a package of meat. nicelv wnpped and very tempting, In 
assemblv line fashion , this set i I missed and another set is 
ushered 'in to !'!et the same trea tment. This is an example of 
prostitution where ,the director doe nOt explicitly tell us of the 
dej!radation involved, 

The relationship between Klute and Bree is developed very 
well. It builds up gradually . but never becomes tbe typical love 
affair. They don 't get married or live happily ever after. Klute 
is the first man BreI' has slept with who makes her reach 
a climax la nd it doesn 't even happen the Ilrst tillle I . She enjoys 
this feelin/! very much . she tells her psychiatrist. but at the 
same time wants to break off the relationship, I was impressed 
with the honest emotions expressed by Fonda, and glad that 
Sutherland didn't turn out to be the knightly reformer of a 
sinful woman. 

... because it gives her 
a chance to act. " 

KLUTE is a film that can be enjoyed on two levels - one of 
pure entertainment and one of the various ways that 
exploitation of worn n may be effected. 

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday, November 23, 1971 

Depressi 
Distraction. 
I jusl can't see 
My nose is up to the glass 
But I'm just not gelling through, 
Where's the old "Give a Damn"? 

Possi 
The Barber ~f Seville 

How do you make a comedy lin~ funny 
when you have to sinl( it? This has been a 
long·standing problem for performers of 
comic opera. who readily admit that lines 
lose their "punch" when they must be 
delivered as melodies , 

The San Diego Opera is solving th is 
problem in a way that prom i es delight for 
audience and artist alike . In its upcoming 
production of "The Barber of Seville" by 
Giaocchino Rossini (Civic Theatre, 
December 1-3-51 . the characters will speak 
their lines of dialogue instead of sinj!ing 
them , 

"Using Ihis technique makes for a very 
entertaining how." said Walter Herbert. 
General Director of The San Die/(o Opera. 
"The music is not sacrificed at all. and a 
basically funny opera can be made even 
more amusing because the artists have more 
freedom with their lines. The production WIll 
have great appeal for those who love a good 
musical. but do not necessarily follow Grand 
Opera , "The Barber of Seville". the way we 
have put it tOjlether for the December 
production , is basically a musical comedy," 

It is the story of Rosina . ward of foppish 
old Dr, Bartolo. who seeks her hand in 
marriage and. greedi ly. her dowry. She 
prefers Count Almaviva. whose youth and 
good looks make him a much more attractive 
prospect , To further his suit allainst the 
threatenin!! presence of Dr, Bartolo, 

Poem I 
unspun 

es taken my last strow 
their Coke out of. 

ities 
who delighted San Diego a'udiences 

Panza and Don Quixote in the 1969 
. of " Don Quixote". have the roles 

rtolo and Don Basilio. Mr. Devlin 
the ai ling Norman TreiRle in the 
at that time, Thomas Palmer , 

for his portrayal of Papageno' 
Magic Flute" 119681 , will be able to 
rein to his comic abilities as Figaro. 

Ca rial(a will return in one of the 
character parts that have 

several San Diego Opera 
She will sing the role of the silly 
Berta . 

in her debut with The San 
sings Rosina. center of the 

love triangle. Miss Clements is 
Winning acclaim as a l~ric 

entertairting evening of music 
awaits young and old alike. 

ances begin at 8:00 ·p.m, December 
, and 2:30 p.m. December 5. Tickets 
sale now at the Civic Theatre Box 
12,36,65tO I. college campuses and all 
TIcket Al(encies , Performances for 

ry. junior high and hil1h school 
will be j!iven November 29 and 30 at 
, in the Civic Theatre. Tickets for 
are available at half price in the 
Box Office for the December 1 and 

a rnn'nAA. 

Almaviva lZets help from the cunning barber. Baer. designer and inventor of 
Figaro. Within the framework of this airy domes. "zornes '. and many other 
10'/e story proceed the mishaps and merry ral structures. will speak toni/!ht , 
music of Rossini 's creation. November 23 and 8:30 p,m, in USB 

San Diello audiences will remember many b~' the Visual Arts Dept. 
of those in the cast from past opera author of the first how·to-do·it 
productions here. John Stewart. who k. Dome Cookllook, now 
portrays Count Almaviva. sang the role of l urlately out of print. which The Whole 
Rodol(o in The San Diego Opera 's 1969 talog says contains 
production of " La Boheme," Mr. Stewart . ~heory and junkyard 
bas received national recol/,nition recenu~ umque In architecture". He did 
for his performance in die t;t~ role II domes out of cartops at Drop 
Benjamin Britten 's " Albert Herring". which Zomeworks Corporation in 
premiered at the Ne~' York City Opera on His talk will be about do-it-
September 15. Andrew Foldl and Michael .structures and solar heating. 

Corrie Rickey 

In what has to be the pulpiest 
(most pulpy ?) novel of the 
year. Tbe Love Machine. 
J ackqueline Susann 's love 
machine. Robin Stone. begs his 
girlfriend Amanda not to speak 
to him of her past. He 
maintains that once he knows 
of her past then he will no 
longer be intrigued by her 
mystery. There have been 
manv occasions where I wish 1 
could have utilized the artful 
tactic employed by' Miss 
Susann's protagonist and could 
have been spared the too-sweet 
marzipan details of a first kiss, 
a first love, or a COminl! of aIle, 
Bein/! a confidante isn't what it 
used to be , 

Robert Mulligan 's film , 
"Summer of '4.2" (adapted 
from the novel by Herman 
Raucher that is no doubt 
autobiographical ). gives me 
this feeling that 1 dread : being 
a confidante to somebodv 's 
deep. dark . past. ' 

The two male leads, Hermie 
and Oskie. (played . by Gary 
Grimes and Jerry Houser. 
respectively I are IS-year olds 
on their summer vacation at a 
sea resort off the California 
coast. The pair of friends , 
alon!! with a third myopic peer, 
go about their beachv fun and 
games obsessed with' the ideas 
of longed-for omniscience 
about heterosexual relations 
and their desire to know (in the 
Biblical sense I a woman. 

In the first scenes of the 
movie the boys subconsciously 
decide which lady shall be the 
recipient of their first 
affections : here the line 
between sacred and profane 
love is first drawn, Obnoxious 
Oskie (Jerry Houser must have 
been type-cast for this role. he 
read hi s lines so convincingly 1 
chooses a dumb blonde named 
Miriam whom he picked up at 
the movies . . Glassy-eyed 
Hermie (I'm certain that the 
directors of the film equate 
sensitivity with misty eyes. 
because Gary Grimes runs 
around with the most unusual 
far-away look in his eyes 
throughout the entire film 1 
chooses to fall in love from 
afar , His choice is a lean , 
carefree. avy war bride 
played by Jennifer O'Neill , 

worn in the film fitted my 
conception of accuracy for the 
time period , but the jargon of 
the boys and Miss O'Neill 's 
scatterbrained stream-of-
consciousness ramblings did 
not fit my preconceived notion ' 
concerninR the argot of the era , 

make Hermie 's near-silent. 
misty-eyed rendezvous with the 
lady on his pedestal ~ny more 
important than the raucous and 
verbose bout Oskie had with his 
peroxided Princess 
Disarming? Why does the 
audience laugh at Oskie's 
crudity a!ld smile and /!et teary 
when the obfusca ted eyes of 
Hermie survey his woman? 
Perhaps Hermie got his the 
way people would like to 
remember how they got theirs : 
with soft music and a moonlit 
night and the roarin/! of the 
nearby , ocean rather than 

weeds near the shore. 
Admittedly, the film did have 

some humorous segments : 
notably the scene where 
Hermie and Oskie pet their 
dates in the back of the movie 
thea tre and the portion of the 
film where Hermie attempts to 
purchase his first prophylactic 
(just one ). But. oth!!r than the 
incredibly beautiful- Pacific 
Ocean photography, tile movie 
left me hil(hly uoderwhell1led. 

Jennifer ONeill is a veritable 
beauty. but I tend to doubt that 
her looks were common during 
the wartime Forties. I also 
tend to doubt that . women 
during the Forties wore th~ir 
hair so long and flyaway , 
Granted, most of the clothing 

• The point about the film that 
disturbed me most. however. 
was the . aforementioned 
distinction between Hermie 's 
sacred and Oskie 's profane 
love affairs , Of course, 1 would 
imagine it is everyone 's ideal 
to have their first encounter in 
the sexual arena just as they 
have dreamed - as Hermie 
had dreamed, But would this • Oskie 's splendor in the grassy 

Contrary to the belief of Mr, 
Mulligan, Rlazell eyes are more 
a symptom of h'!Y fever than a 
symbol of sensiti\'ity and 
discovery, 

Joe Eastern 

Only a portion of the movies you see leave 
any kind of impression- maybe one-third. 
Even less- maybe one sixth- move you 
enough to cause you to remember those 
impressions for any length of time, And rare 
indeed is the mov ie that \eaves an impression 
that lingers with you for some time to come, 
"Joe Hill " not only belongs to this rare 
breed. but ranks among the even more elite 
group that does it with impact and skill , 

The impreSSion you are left with is a mixed 
one : sorrow. pity. sadness- mostly sadness: 
and it 's a fairly logical reaction. "Joe Hill " is 
sad not only because the hero is unjustly killed 
in the end , but also because it really happened . 
There rea lly was a young Swede named Joseph 
Hillstrom who immigrated to this country 
around the turn of the century, He actually did 
travel the country as a tramp. taking work 
wherever he could- on the railroad, in the 
mines, anything that paid-getting to know the 
laborers and their light to survive and live 
decent lives , He really did become involved 
with activists. promoting strikes and fighting 
for workers ' rights. writinll the songs that 
later made him famous. 

He really was in San Diego in 1908, 
demonstrating with others for the right to 
freedom of speech, was arr sted with them. 
and brutally beaten by the authorities , He 
really helped promote the precedent-setting 
kitchen workers' strike in Salt Lake City . and 
employed his ingenious method for getting 
into the, kitchen of a famous restaurant to talk 
to the workers. 

Finally. he really was arrested in Salt Lake 
City for a murder he did not commit. 

"I 
dreamed 

I saw 
Joe Hill 

last night. 

Alive as 
you or me. 

Says I, but Joe 
you're ten 
years dead. 

I never died 
says he." 

\ 

il 

convicted in spite of the overwhelming 
evidence of his innocence, and executed. 

You won ' t find the story in Britannica, but it 
happened, and the movie does an excellent job 
of portraying it ; few enactments of true 
stories have been done this well. An innovative 
technique is the use of short, abruptly-
changing scenes (if you prefer a cliche. call 
them "mini-scenes") to illustrate Joe 's life , 
They keep the movie smappy and interesting. 
and convey the impression of the fast-paced . 
constantly-changing life he led. Much of the 
film was shot on location all over the country, 

_ _ ....... , and the photography is excellent. The 
costumes and props are accurate for the 
period. and are used well. The overall format 
was carefully planned . and shows it. 

Of course, there are some weak points, The 
scenes leading to the execution, and the 
execution scene itself. are drawn out and 
overly dramatic. although they illustrate the 
bogging down of Joe 's carefree and fast'paced 
lifestyle, A little of {he dialogue is stilted and 
a bit slock. I didn 't care 'for the end mg. 
showing Joe Hill 's cremated rem ins as his 
voice recites his will ; i\ lays the emotion on a 
bit too thickly .. aAd, i, slill~t1 hackneyed. 
Some of the actmg IS below par : a litlle is 
downright bad . But at the other extreme. 
Thommy Berggren, (EI~ira Madigan 's Lover) 
as Joe, gives an exquisite IJCrformance that 
mightea ily w''l hilT. n ,\", • .1""IJ A .. I". 

Overall. "Joe Hill " is well-doae and 
deserves to be well-r ceived. If you have an 
ignorant or bigoted friend who sees no reason 
for labor union or doesn'l know or care ho 
the came to be. take him to e "Joe Hill." 
Or go anyway. It' w II worth it. 

Tuesday. November 12, 1971 Tritan Times Page 7 



ADimal Hoff-Burpplag 
Saturday afternoon will bring Lo a close 

what has been the most successful , as a 
matter of fact the only successful , season for 
the UCSD water polo team. If all goes well on 
the preceding Friday , Saturday afternoon will 
find UCSD grappling for the NAJA District III 
title, which is tantamount to the NAIA 
Nationals, which will not be formally held 
until the fall of 1972. 

UCSD enters the tournament seeded in the 
" primo" (which presumably means " first," 
here. not "cousin") position, to u e a phrase 
from Peggy the lifeguard, having amassed a 7-
1 record against NAJA teams. This is a 
reflection of the incredible growth and 
development of the Triton team , which until 
last vear was without a full-time coach. A 
tribute i due to Fred Becker. who in his 
sophomore year in the sl<ltus of full-time 
coach has in ured UCSD of its first winning 
season. Along with his efforts for a winning 
season, which have yielded incredibly fast and 
favorable results, Coach Becker has built a 
program with a fu ture. a very bright future . to 
look forwa rd to. 

A substantial program is hard to initiate. 
fo r. as wi th many sports at UCSD. nothing is 
offered to prospective polo players except 
perhaps hard work . and in this pod 's case. 
bl ur red vision. sore throats, sinus trouble, and 
an occasional 'skin di sease. To those of you 
who have been faithful to the e weekly 

Water Polo: a Most 
Successful Season 

the quips and diatribes would be set aside so 
that you might, in a very brief way, get to 
know thest' people as they really are, and what 
they've done this year. 

FrnUnuCrop 
Remember back to the first article? You 'll 

note that the new faces to the team consisted 
of frosh Rick Pickerell . Dav~ Turnquist, Mike 
Norris, Chuck Newman, Ed Huff, Eric Rosen. 
Mark Liska and transfer Dick Gregory. It was 
a freshmen crop rivaling that of last year, 
perhap cven surpassing it in some respects, 
and continued the weird tendency of ·UCSD 
varsity polo te"ms to get younger every year. 

Offensively Pickle has ranked with old-
timer O'Connell as a scoring threat . At last 
count he was just behind John with about 40 
goals on the sea on. Though occasionally 
caught with his thumb in his ear on defense 
and in the pool, his quickness has saved him 
from catastrophic emba'rrassment and kept 
him in the starting lineup all season. Among 

1971 Walter Polo team left to right last row Coach 
Fred Becker, John Hoff, Mark Liska, Chuck 
Newman, Rick Parmer, Ed Huff, Mike Norris, 
Assistant Coach Gary Becker, second row, Dean 
Sbade, Dave Turnquist, Dick Gregory, John 

his records : most missed practices, most 
popped balls. 

The other half of the Magic Mounl<lin Men is 
Dave Turnquist. Dave, along with Mike 
"Pixie" NorriS. has be n somewhat less 
spectacular on offense, bu t again, like Pixie, 
ha been perhaps more-con istent in all facets 
of the game. Both are swimmers, especially 
when yelled at, and have helped greatly in 
developing the fast break attack. Individual 
records: Turnquist. fastest ejection from 
game; PiXIe. highest voice on the team. 

Ed Huff and Chuck Newman have been in 
the tank less frequently thIS year. as they work 
toward gaining experience. Ed has a tendency 

puts these things in print. Everyone overlooks 
his mistakes, though, as he has convinced 
everyone that he tries hard. It may be true , for 
by virtue of his performance at Cal State L. 
A., he is close in the running for most 
improved player of the season. 

Old-Timers RemalD 
Such is the new blO\.'\{\ which has been added 

to the old. Of the aged ones perhaps the most 
familiar names have been those of John 
O'Connell and Jim Stoner, the original wonder 
boy. By coincidence, they are almost perfect 
compliments : O'Connell sits, Jim swims; 
Stoner feeds, Johnny shoots. Stoner has led the 
team in assists, O'Connell in scoring. 
primarily because he doesn 't know the 
meaning of the word assist. John was a 
member of the original Oxnard High School 
duet to come to [jCSD. the other hall belOg 
Dean Shade. Shade has the reputation lor 
approaching every game wiih the most casual 
attitude, which cleverly covers up his seethinjl 

~_~ ~I :-~§ 7~ 
~: .~ ' _. 
... ,.--. 

~ -

O'CoDDel, Rick Pickerell , kneeling, - captions 
Doug Cbesbire and Jim Stoner. Not pictured, 
Davie Stillinger, Erir Rosen, Steven Griffin and 
Mark Reimer. 

All'water polo pictures : Eastern 
VICiousness . Besides his hustie , Lamp is noted 
for his patented backhand from exactly four 
yards out and two yards right of the goal. He is 
noted for I<Iking it more than scoring it, but 
nonetheless it has become a trademark, along 
with hair that looks like it's rusting. Together 
O'Conneli and Shade are noted for their 
travels more than Gulliver, and a special 
round of applause is due them, for both will be 
traveling to different schoq/s next year. 
perhaps the greatest loss or potential and 
personality that the Tritons will suffer. 

The original wonder boy walked into the pool 
two years ago and asked if he could play. As 
people snickered. all 129 pounds of the kid 

-

UncleDoul 
the record for playing with the highest 
temperature, 103.4V. F. Needless to say, Mark 
is a "gung ho" player. To give you a frame of 
reference, he is the kind of guy who devours 
his assigned class readings and runs to the 
library to dive into the " recommended" 
books. . 

While academica lly of questionable valve, in 
the water Mark 's drive is invaluable. Mark 
has been known to sprint the length of the pool 
when even a porpoise would have thought 
twice about it. Fortunately, Mark doesn't 
think as well as a porpoise. His left hand has 
been a valuable tool. though it has been 
difficult to train him not to pick up the ball 
Irom the to p. one of the cardInal sins of wilter 
polo. As a matter of fact it has been tough to 
train him to pick the ball up at all . But he has 
managed to do it enough to have a substantial 
portion of both assists and goals. Individual 
record : most major fouls. which may sound 
mean. but is a better indication of w}tat is 
referred to on the team a~ "impetuosity .• , 

Rounding out the 1971 team in the tank are 
John Hoff , Dave StillingeOr and Doug Cheshire. 
John Hoff is a soph (we think ), but as he is 
always taking 300 units we aren 't sure. John is 
the biggest (at 175 ) and meanest looking gUY 
on the team. prlmarill' due to his hain -apt 
chest. But ihat is apropos since he does have a 
reputation for hurting people, even on his own 
team. John is one o( those people who cannot 

Wonder Boy Stoner r-\ Lamp Shade calliDg bis sbot 

I 
I 
f 

(weakly?) repor~s. and I know you must 
number in the thousands, It is hopefully 
evident by now that water polo players at 
UCSD are by and large not jocks , but people 
with their own quirks and personalities. and 
who in general blend rather well with the 
surroundings on campus. At the risk of boring 
some of you. it was decided thaHor a moment 

Liska-wide awake 

LA JOLLA 

-

}lixie's puss Picklepuss 
to throw the ball at the refs rather than the 
goal. while Chuck tends to throw the ball 
anywhere since he is so blind without glasses 
that he has often misinterpreted an opposing 

pla~'e r' s atne for a messaJ!e 10 braIlle. Close 
their heels are Eric and Dick, who are living 
proof that a person can be full-time student 
and rarely miss practice. Unfortunately 
between them they 've made less than half the 
games. but the infamous phantom players are 
in the stats and pool as much as possible. 

Mark Liska is neither phantom nor frugal 
with his practice time. He holds the record for 
most proof-read articles. and most 
typographical errors. for he is the man who 

PHARMACY 
Scbool Supplies 

C.smetics i 
1- o",br~ro 

25c BEER 
DELFOSSE 
EUROPEAN & 
SPORTS CAR . 955 Prospect $1 Hamburger 

. Dinners 
Happy Hour Daily 
& Entertainment 

Nightly 
Fay at Silverado, 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, November 23, 1971 

SERVICE 

CORNER OF CASS & 
TURQUOISE 
PACIFIC BEACH/SAN DIEGO 
PHONE 488·7878 
CURT DELFOSSE/OWNER 

kick. but somehow gets out to his navel. He is 
the guy the team lets walk arou nd before the 
game to intimidate people, which though 
occasionally scaring away a potential fan , has 
worked well this year. 

Magic MountaiD TunquIst 
from Corona del Mar hopped into the pool and 
scored the first 38 times he touched the ball , 
and launched a career as perhaps the most 
well-rounded player to ever splash in the local 
pond. Besides assists, Stoner leads in steals 
(probably), fouls , practices attended, games 
fouled out of, and probably keeps his hips up 
better than anyone in the pool, which may 
sound stupid, but can be a matter of life and 
death , or at least a full and happy life or death. 

DEATH-BED PLAYER 
Another sophomore kid who has been a 

regular is Mark (the student! Reimer. Ma rk 
is a famous (or repeatedly getting up off his 
death bed this year to get in the pool, and holds 

JII' ____ ~~~~~IIII!~I .. nllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll 

CHICANOS' 
GRADUATE FELLOWSHIPS 

FOR UCLA 
A recruitor for the Graduate 
Adv.ar..~ement Program will be on 

campus Tues., Nov. 23, from: 
I - 3 pm in the Third College Provost Office 

3 - 5 pm in 502 Tioga Hall , Muir 
Information on admissions and financial 

support is available. Write or call: 
Chicano Component 
Graduate Advancement Program 
Graduate Division 
Univ. of Calif. 

(coDtinued 01 page 10) 

IOOY STOCICING 
." ,.It k"" _<own,con, ... 
Dev ..... 1 .. "'" 
Gr .. , , .. II.IU .. 
.,.u ........ " ••. 
.vul., Ir Tell 
IIv •• , WII ... , '2.00 

PA ... ~.~ .tuff:'---r--i 
Ou, , .... ,"" 

I" .... N D •• eo ., l1li ...... -.,.. Los Angeles, .Calif. 90024 (213) 825-2528 
_ .. _11 ... 1111 ______ ----_ .. HISMt ........... _,,., 

Intramurals 

De Anza Wins Flag Title 
sudden-death playoff. The 
scor at the end oC the 
regulation period was tied at 
seven apiece. so by the rules in 
a sudden death match the first 
team to score wins : so goeth 
the Stumblers. The Mudhens 
first had to beat Psycholo~y . 
12-0. in order to earn the ri~ht 
to play the Stumblers for the 
open division championship. 

Mark up another victory for 
those dauntless defenders of 
Mom and apple pie. as De Anza 
continued its winning ways 
Sunday by humbling the 
Sturn biers. 19 to 6. to claim the 
elusive fla~ football 
championship in a game which 
probably drew more spectators 
than any intercollegiate event 
on campus. 

Depending on an aerial 
offence reminiscent of the old 
Dallas Cowboys. De Anza's 

quarterback. Paul Roudebush. 
threw two touchdown passes to 
Rick "s ticky fingers " 
Coleman. one a fantastic grab 
that left evervone amazed. 
I including the e'ntire Stumbler 
defensive backfield I. as Rick 
scampered 60 yards for the 
score. Jimmy Paul also hit the 
rabbit. otherwise known as 
Curt Jenkins. to give his team 
another six points. The lone 
Sturn bier tally camr on a pass 
play from Mark Butler to Bob 

High Tide 
Sunrise 6: 38 

Low Tide 
Sunset 5:00 

Nov. 24 Wed. 
Nov. 25. Thurs 
Nov. 26 Fir. 

AM HI. PM 
2:48 3.91 2:54 
3;42 4.3 2:24 
4:24 4.9 4:00 

Ht. AM HI. PM 
4.9 7:00 3.2 8: 30 O. 
4.4 9:00 2.8 9:24 O. 
4.21 0:30 2.010: 18 O. 

Sunrise 6:42 
:'\ov. 27 Sat. 
:'\ov. 28Sun. 

ov. 29Mon. 

5:00 5.6 5:18 
5:42 6.2 6:30 
6 :18 6.8 7:30 
7:00 7.3 8;24 

Sunset 4:59 
4.211 :36 1.01 1:06 
4.3 12:30 
4.4 1:18 

Nov. 30 Tues. H12 :36 1.5 2:06 

WCIFIC~-

....,'JH8 ® 
Independent VW Service 
Specializes in Speed Equipment 
Parts Accessories 
Lowest Prices in Town 

3356 Kurtz St., S. D. 291 -3586 
(b,hind the Sports Arena) 

CUSTOM CABINET SHOP 
WA TERBEDS FRAMES 
PEDEST AlS PADDED RAilS 

HEATERS@APPROVED 
LINERS FOAM PADS 

• Discount on complete sets . Visit our factory and see how a 
quality product is made . 10% Discount with this ad. 

143 South Cedros, Solana Beach 
(Atrl" .... rri-City loler Rill) 

- -

7SS-~" 
-

ftIe man ~n'" '--S5 
Who is the man on trial for ..... b 
crimes against humanity? Special guest star, 
Leonard Nimoy, plays a slightly paranoid 
New York tycoon who survived Nazi 
persecut ion. Or is he M 5.S. torturer, murderer 
and long-sought wor criminol? 

Now playing through December 19 
8:00 pm T ues, Wed. Thur, Sun . . ... . .. $3.50 & $3 .00 
8:30 pm Fri, Sat. , . ............. . . .. . $4.00 & $3.50 
2:00 pm Sun matinee . . .. .... . ... .. $3 .00 & $2.50 

Special student rote: $2.00 
My time except 5aturdoy. 

olb ~ tl)tatrr 
balboo p4rk 

• 

Poolman (one of the 
intramural superstars from 
way back whenl. who raced 30 
yards through the defensive 
secondary to score. 

Along with the arm and brain 
of Roudebush and the speed of 
De Anza's ends. one of the 
major factors in the victory 
was the outstanding play of 
both the defensive and 
offensive lines of De Anza. The 
three grunts. Ed Flynn . Terry 
Baier and Victor Salerno. held 
back the once-ferocious 
Stumbler rush. giving their 
quarterback plen ty of time to 
look down field. pick his nose. 
and throw. Meanwhile. the 
dtfensive line of George 
Davidovich. Howard Clark. Ed 
Flvnn and Frank Barnes 
co'ntained the Stumblers' 
powerful sweeps and sacked 
their quarterback a number of 
times. All in all it was a good 
en~ing for the Deac 's last 
football game here at CSD. 

Both teams made it to the 
finals via tough playoff games 
the day before. The Stumblers 
squeaked out a win. in perhaps 
the closest game of the year. 
over those old men known as 
the Mudhens by finally scoring 
in the second period of a 

De Anza nailed down the 
dorm league championship. 
otherwise known as the 
Chancellor 's Trophy. 'by 
holding off a Bran X second 
half comeback. In the first half 
it appeared to be no contest as 
De Ania scored without too 
much effort. but the crafty Bill 
Tong: with the a id of gigantic 
Pete Henderson. engineered 
one scoring drive and almost 
tied it up with a second drive. 
However. in the end it was 
again De Anza on top. 13-7. To 
make it to 'he finals for the 
Chancellor's Trophy. Bran X 
had to get by the orcs VII last 
Friday. Due to scheduling 
ha~les. the Orcs were forced 
to pull a maneuver unlike any 
others in the annals of 
intramural sports. bv flying 
down three teammates from 
Pasadena who had left early. 
not knowing about a late 
schedule change. All went for 
nought. however. as defensive 
error bv the Orcs and the 
tough four-man rush of Bran X 
gave a 13-6 victory to Tong alld 
his boys. 

~ Moonlight Beach 
~ - Diverzs SuppLy 

SCUBA LESSONS 
STUDENT SPECIAL 

FUll COURSE NASDS CERTIFIED 
$25 INSURED 

W/ STUDENT 10 INSTRUCTION 
(EQUIPMENT PROVIDED) 

111411WAY 101 753-1 U 1 UClllTAS 

(U{TAM ... (lOT++IN4 
ltV ... m(~~SS F~kf(ATI~N 

lEE 
.(SSEl 

P~,se.h 

"COMES ON LIKE A FIRE 
ENGINE ... I SHOOK 
WITH SHOCK AND 
LAUGHTER'" 
- NEW YORK TIMES 

II COMEDY 
FROM THE 
OIRECTOR 
OF "JOE" 

laugh till)'Ou 
@ai~ UUlJSDllY 
11111111 AlllI mmll ."11111111111111111 GII/llill! hljmj I, Dlllj h, Oilitl 

OIiWej "Jill' AVIIISU • UIIISI IIlI in COLOR 
~ UlEDI 

NO ONE UNDER 18 
. 10,10 

Girls Win Tourney 
Mark Lisko 

The fem wompers ended their super eason in sensationa l" 
style Friday with the valued firs t-place trophy in the SDWIB 
(which in English means San Diego Women's Intercollegiate 
Board I Volleyball Tournament. Among the classy victories 
were wins over powerless SIU. arch-rival San Diego State. 
and Grossmont. for the fi rst place trophy. 

The fi rst match was against USIU and the girls tried to make 
it interesting for the fans to watch. They won the first game by 
what appears to be a comforl<l ble margin. 15-9. but the game 
wasn't that far out of reach for USIU. The second game was 
completely dominated by SIU. as they wiped the femmers out 
15-3. However. in the all-important match game they 1I'0n after 
a close contest. 15·12. 

After the sma hlng victory they proceeded to the next round 
and their ~rudge match against State. They started out in style 
by losing to State. 15-4. One th ing can be said (or the ~Irls . when 
they lose they rea lly lose and when they win. they trv to make 
it a close game. They won tll'O more of that type of scores of 15-
13 and 15-12. not meaning to make Stale feel too bad 

The last was clincher and the girls decided to break all past 
records and reverse past performances. They lost the first 
game. 15-10. but notice how close the score was. Thev 1I'0n the 
second game in style. 15-13. but it almost seemed I.ke a 
runaway in the la t game won by the girls. 15-6. 

Obviously a ll the gi rl s turned in good ~ames off and on But 
at least when they lost. they lost to~ether . However. the season 
did end up in winning spirit and thanks go 10 all the girls on the 
team. Consistently good plavers were J ackIe Bodin and Elaine 
Simay. Elaine is considered top prospect for the MVP trophy 
this year . 

On stage/The Old Globe Theatre presents: 
-the -ena. '-~~. 
.. -ebe 

by Father 
Daniel Berrigan. 

In May, 1968, nine people, 
includ ing a former nun and two priests, 

bu rned 378 draft files to protest 
Vietnam. Was it an act of conscience? 

Civil disobedience? A crime? 
Christian duty? With unsurpa ssed moral 

intensity, this challenging new drama 
exam ines the backgrounds of the nine; 

re-enacts the burn ing and presen ts 
excerpts from the tense trial. 

Held Over/ Limited Run 
Ticket prices-all seah rei. 239-2255 afternoons. 
8:00 pm Tues. Wed. Thur, Sun . . . .. ... . . . $2.50 
8:30 pm Fri. Sat .. . ...... ..... .. ....... $3.00 
2:00 pm Sun. motinee . . ..... .. . . . . .... . $2.00 

Special studen rate: $1.50 
onytime exc~pt Saturday 

cassius carttr ttntre ~ 
.di. cent 10 the O ld Glob. The. r. in B.lboo Pork 

WE HAVE THE 
PERSONAL TOUCH_ 
WE ALSO HAVE 
THE GREATEST 
IN CASUAL WEAR 
SHIRTALES INC. 

7461 GIRARD 
LA JOLLA 

454·7169 
Tuesday, November 23, 1971 Triton Times Page 9 



Water Polo • • • 
1 .. FOSSILS STILL HERE 

Stillinger and Cheshire are the only two remaining players 
from the infamous 1968 season, which left the Tritons ~. 
Dave divides his time between the pool and APIS labs, with the 
latter generally winning out as Dave becomes more aware of 
hunger and car payments in the cruel world. You 'll remember 
his moment of glorv, scoring the winninlliloal against Fresno 
State in sudden death. Individual records:best single game 
shooting percentage, 1 for 1; latest arrival for an away game, 
which certainly may be some else's fault. , 

Last and tallest is Rick Parmer. ~st, because Rick is a man 
who stands alone, literally. 

Rick feels more pressure than perhaps any other 
player, for he is often in the spotlight at the most crucial times. 
Rick's stats speak for themselves, blocking at better than a 50 
per cent clip, which is like hitting .500 in baseball , with an 
incredible number of penalty shots snuffed. Parmer has had 
some incredible days , numerically the best coming in a losing 
effort against State - 13 saves. Rick is a different goalie from 
last year, and much of the hopes for the tournament ti tie rest 
on his reactions and 6' 4" frame. 

The most relaxing sleep of your 
life ... Every Night. 

NEVER SAGS. NE\'ER LUMPS 
ANY SIZE WATER MATTRESS 
.. $1495 

Waler mattress 
bed frames 829.95 

liner & Healer I •• d 
with Ilur.·ha8e of 
maUrt!&5 and rrme 

Watelama Stores 
2523 Morena Daily 11-5 p.m.&7.10 p.m. 276- 2812 

C'est Cheese 
of La Jolla 

NOW OPEN 
Imported and Domestic cheese 

in bulk, cut to your requirements 

Come infor a taste. 
Gourmet and Specialty foods from 

all over the world. 

Cocktail and Part), Delights 
Gifts - .Hai/ing Packs 

7523.4 Fay II re on Drllry Lane Plllza 
454-5384 

SudI as taken qetber are the playen, as people and 
personalities. They have coalesced into a team sporting a 12-4 
record. Along the way have fallen some tough teams : Fresno, 
Cal-State, Oxy and C1airemont. Concurrently, along the way a 
separate personality, that of the team, has evolved. It is best 
described as a team of people who play together, have fun 
dolng it, and perhaps win for just that reason. 

The NAIA is the culmination of long hours for many people. 
No article would be complete without mention of people behind 
the scenes. Assistant coach Gary Becker has gotten up at 6:30 
a.m. so often that he's ready to join a monastery . And what 
about Pamela "Piflles" Flynn? As scorer Pam has amassed 
more fouls than all of the players combined. Along with Trudy, 
Pam has been a thorn in the sides of refs from here to 
Berkeley, in this and past seasons, so for that , a special thanks. 

The next article will bring the season to a close, and the end 
to the corporate existence of the team. Clairemt. and Oxy will 
be the main problems confronted by UCSD. but if all goes well 
the team's third trophy of the year should prolong the existence 
of its memory. The games are to be held at Pomona , so any and 
all who are in the area Friday or Saturday will be more than 
welcome. If you miss it. you'll have to wait until next year, 
when the '72 edition will be hard pressed to surpass this team's 
accomplishments. 

lfiupita'1i La Jolla 
AUTHENTIC 

- MEXICAN FOOD! 
LUNCH SPECIALS 99' 

Tryout Homemade 
Tamales and Chalupas! 

FOOD TOGO 
WE SERVE BEER 

639 Pearl, La Jolla 
lOam-It .... 
lo...lpm 

PACIFIC 
HONDA-TRIUMPH 

HONDA 

COMPLETE SERVICE DEPT. 
MANY USED IN STO-CK 

WE BUY, SELL 
CONSIGN & INSURE 

PACIFIC BEACH 1277 GARNET 
272-5511 

Come In and see our new store ..• 

GRAND OPENING 
November 18th 

Sound Pacifica is dedicated to providing La Jolla and 
San Diego with quality stereo equipment. 
Hear music and sound as it was really meant to be 
heard in our new Sound Rooms. 

Products Include: KLH, Dual, TEAC, Sherwood, 
AR, Bose, Electro Voice and Rabco ... plus 
many other fine brands. . 

Hours: Monday through Saturday - 10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. 

SOUND PACIFICA 
Stereo Systems and Components 

LA Jolil - 7946 IVlnhoe Avenue in the [I Pltlo Bulldln. - "'-; .59-9639 

Page 10 Triton Tim8$ TU8$day, November 23, 1971 

The 

Pannikin 
1296 Prospect 
Freshly Roosted Coffee 
Bulk leas 
Imported Culinary Items 

Special Tea Thi. Week: J.s .... 

. .• for all your 
clothing needs 

from school days 
to Saturday nites. 

jeans, callual 
wear & long dresses . .. 

125 No. Highway 101, Solana Beach 755-3890 

SURFING 
BACK PACKING 
SKIING 
TENNIS 
PANTS & SHIRTS 

No rth County's 
Specialty Sports Center 

SURF REPORT NO. lSJ..611 I 

HANSEN 
SURFBOARDS 

. . 1105 HWY 101, ENCINITAS 
Open 9-6 W .. kdays 
9-5 Sat., 9-3 Sun. 

Phone 753-6595 

With Rod Stewart, 
Kenny Jones, Ronnie Lane, 
Ian McLagen & Ron Wood 

WITH SPECIAL CUEST STAR 

CACTUS 
ALSO BULL ANGUS 

Siin Dielo Sports SUN 
• 

NDV.2B '7 P.M. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street • 

PAYS DONORS 
lor service 

TUfi.· Sat. 
9:~S-S :30 

Women Welcome 

Closed Sun. & Mon. 
233·8328 

Aztec 
Highlights 

with Don Coryell 
Tonight-7:00 p.m. 

Aztecs vs. 
University of Arizona 

KCST·39TV 
Full replay 

of the game 

To and from Loa Angele., San FranCisco, 
Sacramento, San Diego, San JOlt, Oakland, 
Hollywood-Burbank, Ontario, and Long Beach. 

Sharing any of PSA's 160 daily flights is a gas. And 
with our low air fares, flying PSA isn't a whole lot 
more expensive than hitching. Anyway it's hard 
to get a ride on the runway. So why not stick 
your thumb in the phone instead, and dial us for 
a reservation? PIA.,.,.._ .. 

Looking 
For 
Fashion 
Frames 
We have the largest selection 
in San Diego 
.one day service 
(most single vision lenses) 
.Immediate repair 
small or large 

La Jolla Optical 
7966 Herschel 

at Prospect 

• 454-6119 
E .. _ 

Low, Low (list 
D. Ra~ow 281-4586 
Te<hnician 

Meditation Therapy 
Control Habits, etc. 
Self-H ypnosis 

"S.meolle Who Cares" 

Or.Gro 
ORGANICALL Y GROWN NATURAL FOOO 

SAN DIEGO'S NATURAL FOOD MARKET 

I·GIO·STIIKES AGAI~ 
(I ( PRICES SLASHED f j 

\ 

Naturally-Grown Beef Prices Slashed 
Granola Cereal Prices Slashed to 
Food Supplements Slashed 

29% 
35<lb. 
~ 12% to 28% 

ADDED • 50 barrels of good stuff 
Come in and hare a barrel of fun! . 

Tired of rite junk in your ,orbo,e marker? Come ro.re Or·Gro. 

~~~~7945 GARNET PACIFIC BEACHM~~~~7 
SAT. 10.. ' SAT. 10·' 
SUN. 1.' 'ARKINOin RUR SUN. l·S 

'# 

5tH I time to drop deferments 
Young men who wish to drop draft 

defennents in favor of I-A classifications may 
stiB do so . Local boards will continue to grant 
these requests even though the young men 
continue to meet conditions for whi~h the 
defennents were granted. Six 'categories of 
eligible men are included : I-S, high school 
students ; 2·A. occupational deferments or 
vocational / technical students ; 2·C, 
agricultural deferments ; 2-D, divinity 
students ; 2·S, undergraduate college students ; 
and 3·A. hardship deferments. 

This policy was instituted in late 1970 and 
was of particular interest to young men with 
random sequence (lottery) numbers above the 
highest RSN called for induction. By dropping 
their deferments at the end of the year they 
became part of that year 's prime selection 
group. On Jan. 1, they were placed in a second 
priority position. Because of this they are not 
subject to induction until manpower supply in 
the first priority selection group is exhausted. 
a development likely only if a major national 
emergency occurs. 

The policy was reaffirmed in a local board 
memorandum sent this week bv Draft 

Director Curtis W. Tarr of all 4,000 local draft 
boards. Registrants who desire to take 
advantage of the policy in 1971 must have been 
born in 1951 or earlier, have RSNs of 126 or 
above. and not be a member of the extended 
priOri ty seiectlon J1roup. Moreover. they must 
su bm it their request tn wrilln~ . To be 
considered as par t of the 1971 prime selection 
~ rouP . the requests must be postmarked up no 
later than Dec. 31 . 

RSN 125 has been set as the year-end ceiling 
for 1971 draft calls. Unlike 1970. when the 
year-end ceiling was not necessarily reached 
by all local boards. the authorization in the 
1971 draft amendments of a Uniform National 
Call insures tha t all eligible registrants will be 
considered for induction if they : 1) are in 
Class I-A on Dec. 31 ; 2) are 20 years of age or 
oider on that date ; and 3) have RSN's of 125 or 
below. If young men meet these criteria put 
are not inducted during 1971 . their liability for 
induction will be extended into 1972. They will 
be prime candidates for induction during the 
first three months of the year along with other 
men who are now in the extended priority 
selection group. 

L L B a E S.T U DEN . O· *~ TS C 2 for the price of l=~ 
~ -~ 
tJASUGHT SUPPER CUBII 

~ io',i~IO~' $Z.·· - 'PRESENTS lID r DR. MICHAEL ~ 
DEANph'O.~ 
WORLD'S FOREMOST HYPNOTI ST l!!I 

l.h~t~@y_N;gb4: ~ 
SHOWTlM[ 8:45 & ~ 
--FREe ~ 
POST·SHOW SESSION 1.0 
STOP SIoIO~ I NG ' MEMORY · Ir:'I 
WEIGHT REO UCT ION ftf. &:.I 

FRIDAY 8 :45 & 11 :1 5 Ii) l!!I 
RESERVATIONS REOUESTED 223 ·8122 Ii) 

(9§[9[§[§[§(g(9[§[9[§[§[§(g(9 
llllli iiillillll 1111111111111111111111 II II ilffill II III II III I 11111111111111111111111111111111111111 1IIIIIIIIIIllllllllllllnmnmn U IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIITIII 111111111 I 1111 l!: 
~ . ; 

~ LORI'S FRIAR'S FISH & CHIPS i 
3945 ~OVERNOR DR., UNIVERSITY CITY 

(UNIVERSITY SQUARE SHOPPING CENTER ) 
GOVERNOR AND GENESSEE 

i All YOU CAN EAT! All YOU CAN EAT! i I SUNDAY & MONDAY WEDNESDA Y I 
i CHICKEN FRY FISH FRY ~ 
= = i $1.39 $ 1.49 i 

ASSORTED GOURMET SANDWICHES 
ROAST BEEF PASTRAMI 

TRYOUR 
= i i KOSHER I 
!==_- HOT DO' 1-W jEVEIYTHIN(j 
I CORN ED IEEF & FilES I 
I HOURS 11 AM. 9 PM DAilY I 
= . -1- ALL FOOD (AI II OIHIID TO TAlE OUT I 276-U02 (TOLL fill) 
LIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII"IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUllltlltlttl,,"H_I"tHIIII.lllllllttllII1111111111111111' .dIlIllIIllIllUlIIHIIIIIIII 

Tuesday, November 23, 1971 ,riton Time~ Page 11 



~-----announcernents,----------~--------~------~ 
tuesday 
The UCSD Ski Club presents 
"The World of Skiing" at 8 
p.m. in the UCSD gym. 
Tickets may be purchased 
at the door . Students S I, 
non-students 52. 
Cinema of Dissent : 
"Pravada" by Godard. 
7:30, 201 Matthews Lampus, 
5Oc: 

Young Socialist Alliance 
presents "Socialism and the 
Potential of Human 
Beings," reading : 
socialism and man, by Che 
Guevara, at 7:30 p.m. Muir 
College, Tenaya Hall Floor 
1, Seminar room. 

Congress of African Peoples 
presents "Asante Wausi" 
"(Black Thanks"), 
featuring Miriam Mlkeba, 
The Last Poets, and Umoja 
Dance Troupe at 8 p.m. at 
the San Diego Coliseum. 
Tickets : 53.50-55.50-57.50. 
For information call Makia, 
263-1927 

The Christi&n Science 
Organization wiJl meet in 
the Revelle Informal 
Lounge at 4 p.m. All 
students and faculty are 
invited to attend. 

advertisements 

for 

ourselves 

wednesday 
Congress of African Peoples 
will be hosting its 2nd 
annual Asante Weusi 
(Black Thanks) at the San 
Diego Coliseum, located, 
15th and E Street at 8 p.m. 
Highlighting this event, the 
Congress presents Miriam 
Makeva and The Last 
Poets, Tickets are 53.50,5 .50 
and 7.50, and may - be 
purchased in advance at the 
NIA Community Cultural 
Center at 183 Market Street 
or at the door at night. 

thursday 
University Lutheran 
Church will give a 

Thanksgiving dinner at 1 
p.m. R.S.VP. 453-0561 or 
.59-8855. 

Atlantis Hall Lounge wants 
to be beautiful. Submit 
sketches with color 
descriptions of the three 
main walls to Eric 
Perlman, Atlantis 106 
(under the door if not at 
home). The commission 
will be given upon 
completion of the project -
to be not more than seven 
weeks after the choice of 
artist (or group of artists). 

The Office of International 
Education is still accepting 
applications for the United 
Kingdom and Ireland. To 
qualify, a 3.0 GPA is 
needed. Please come by the 
Office of International 
Education, International 
Center, Matthews Campus, 
or call X1941 for 
information. 

Problems-Hassled? come in 
or call us : Crisis K2, 24 
hours, 8 days a week, 'Apt. 
.K2 at Muir, 453-9321. 

MU I ROC - watch board for 
possible Baja trip with Ian. 

~--classifieds-----------~----......: 

R ide wanted to 
Idaho / v i cinity Xmas . 
P lease call Jean 287-5942. 
( 11123) 

FORSALE~YAMAHA100 
w / git kit great running 
order S175 / make offer 
453- 9392 ( 11 /1 9) 

Needed Urgently : Female 
to live in with 30yr old 
bachelor and 4 yr old son - 3 
bdr . house in Del mar . 
Rm board In exli'bnge for 
Part·t ime baby sitt ing and 
help wilh cooking . Must 
have car . 755-2487, 286-6077 . 

E U R,OPE, 5220-245 round 
trip. Also Middle East jSnd 
Japan . ESEP, 17613 
Queenswreath Way, Irvine, 
Calif. 92664. (714) 833-8060. 
ESEP-UCSD members. (R) 

EUROPE 
ALL YEAR ROUND 
FROM WEST COAST 
Rou nd tr ip from S220; one 
way from S125 . Flights to 
M iddle East, Orient, & 
with in Europe . Phone 714 
833-8060. E. S. E P. 17613 
Queenswreath Way, Irvine, 
Ca . 92664 . ESEP members. 
( R ) 

Female writers wanted, 
free lance. Amateurs or 
prefessiona I. Modern short 
stories and articles. Prefer 
those based on personal 
experiences. Write Lydian . 
Manor Publishers Inc., 221 
W 16th St. National City, or 
phone 471-7339 (12/3) 

DIS rlNCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 

Service on schedule. Modest 
Rates. S3tisfaction is the 
end product. Helen, 459-
8828. (R) 

Page 12 Triton Times Tuesday, November 23, 1971 

I BM Selectric Typing 
Choice of type styles. 
50 cents per usual page. 
Theses slightly higher. 
Draft correspondence free. 
Bruce, 453-5346.· (3/10/72) 

XMAS FLIGHTS NY 5168 . 
CHGO 5139 LONDON 5259 
TOKYO 5470 OTHERS ALL 
YR. CALL755-4246 (11/19) 

Female roommate wanted 
to share 3 bdrm house. 5 
min . from campus . 
S78 / mth . Call 272-1608 
(11 /23) 

FOR SALE 64 MGB 
w/Michelin radials, both 
hard "pop" and soft tops 
274-7812 (11 / 23 ) 

Lost : Dark Red Pendleton-
type wool sh i rt. Mpth hole 
on back. Reward . 453-6188 
(11 /23) 
Ten Speed, 21" Robin Hood 
bike 565. 6 mths old. A-l. 
Call 753-0360 after 5:30. 
(11/30) 

TYPISTS . Ma . theses, Phd . 
dissert., term papers, etc., 
RUSH JOBS, 453-6835 (12 / 5) 

EUROPE-ISRAEL-EAST 
AFRICA 
One way and round trip 
student flights . Inexpensive 
student camping tours 
throughout west and East 
Europe, including Russia . 
SOF A Agent for inter-
European student charter 
flights . 
CONTACT : ISCA, 11687 San 
Vincente Blvd., Suite . , 
L.A ., Calif . 90049 TEL: 
(213) 826-5669 (R) 

PROFESSIONAL DRAFT 
COUNSELING by 
competent UCLA Law 
School grads; four years 
experience . Free Interview. 
239-4080. (1/7) 

9th ANNUAL JET 
FLIGHTS 

EUROPE : FROM 5229 
ROUND -TRIP JAPAN : 
FROM 5349 ROUND-TRIP 
CALL : FLIGHT 
CHAIRMAN 281 -6706 bef . 5 
or aft . 9 : 30 . 4248 

OVERLAN~ DEPT. ~ 
Culver City, Ca . 90230 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK O~ 
TIRED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE . 
AME.RICAN AND 
FOREIGN CARS . 
REPAIRS AND 
POLLUTION • 
CONTROL STUDE NT 
D I SCOUN T 7748 
HERSCHEL LA JOLLA 
(I N THE REAR)459-9181 


