
triton ti 
Vol, .... 13, l,mN' J6 University 01 Ca'ilornia, San Diego Frid"y, M"y 21, 1911 

Students Sub-standard 

Douglas Attacks Third College in L.A. Times 
Barb Simon the only ones who have that kind of data, " he added. According 
Stafl Writer to Bowker"s office, the following are accurate stati tics of 

'Tm only interested in facts," Dr. Jack Douglas told the 
TRITO TIMES in an interview concerning hi s letter to the 
editor of the LOS A GELES TIMES which appeared last 
Sunday. In hiS letter, Douglas stated several times that "Third 
College has failed," and he gave several facts and arguments 
which he felt prove the failure . 

In addition to labeling Third College a "junior college 
program" staffed by facu lty " who did not come near the 
standards for the University, ,. Douglas stated that minority 
students are being forced into Third College. These minority 
"Sub·standard student ., are allowed into UCSD "only on 
condition that they go into the Third College," continued 
Douglas in his letter. 

No Compulsion 

"There has been no effort at Third College to force 
minorities who apply to Revelle or Muir Colleges to attend 
Third College," Provost Watson told the IT. "No compulsion 
outside normal recruitment is used ," he continued. 

Chancellor York also stated to the TT that minority students 
who wanted to go to Revelle or Muir were not forced to accept 
admission to Third College. Yet, when the TT asked Douglas if 
a minority student who applies for Revelle or Muir is accepted 
only at Third College, he answered , ·'yes.·· Douglas told the TT 
that what he assumes about admis ion of minority students is 
Third College policy backed by the administration. He 
mentioned the policy as appearing in a letter to new students 
and when questioned as to what letter, Douglas said that he 
assumed there was a letter. 

"Third College cannot admit any student. .. as there is only 
one admissions office on campus, .. UCSD Associate Registrar 
and Admissions Officer Ron Bowker told the TT. "Not one 
tudent who did not a k for and want Third College has been 

admitted ." Bowker reported . 
In reference to Douglas ' letter which states that " Of 80 

Educational Opportunity Program students for next year. . 
. only nine were willing to go to Third College, " Bowker told the 
TT .. this is not true ." 

" 1 don 't know where Douglas got that figure .. .I never talked 
with him nor has anyone in my office," stated Bowker. " We 're 

applications to EOP as of May 16 : 

Muir 181 
Revelle 130 
Third 169 
The TT a ked Douglas where he got his statistic and his 

reply wa " from the best kind of sources. "My ources are 
completely right, but they have been guaranteed anonymity 
because some people are still afraid of violence," Dougla 
explained. 

EOP Director Tony Valencia told the TT that the numbers 
and reasons to substantiate them which Douglas uses are very 

misl~ding .. , As director of EOP, I would appreciate that 
Douglas not refer to a program unless he has had the 
opportunity to sp ak with tho e involved." Valencia added. 

EOP, Special Action Distinction 

Ron Bowker made the distinction between EOP tudent and 
students admitted under the special action program which i 
University-wide. Special action admission are those student 
who either are missing one or several requirement . or who 
have a grade point average slightly below a 3.0. The e students 
are sti ll above average, Bowker pointed out, because the 
University's standard is the top 12 per cent of high school 
graduates. 

Bowker also explained why Third College had only 50 new 
students as of March. when C 0 c10 ed recruitment. a 
reported by Douglas in his letter to the LO A GELE 
TIMES. According to Bowker, many pro pective Third College 
students of both freshman and advanced standing are now 
finishing their requirements. When eighth seme ter 
transcripts are received by his office. the remainder of 
qualified tudents will receive formal admi sion paper to 
Third College said Bowker. 

. Dougla asserts in his letter that Third College faculty as 
well as students have lower standard than the rest of the 
University . Yet. in the interview with the TT, Chancellor York 
pointed out that about one half of the Third College facuity 

(Continued on Page 2) 
Guitarist John Fabey who appeared Tuesday to entertain 

oa Revelle College. 

Polcic Proposes Increase 
Financiol Aids Crisis Foces University 

Regents Nix Pepper Canyon 
John Zoller 
Staff W;iter 

Berkeley chancellor removed the t ree 
members of the editorial board who had voted 
to run the editorial. Those editors, with 
majority support of the paper's staff, have 
refused to be fired . " We have the legal help to 
keep publishing for the rest of the quarter," one 
staffer told the TIMES. But he also admitted , 
" that editorial was pretty dopey." 

Carrie Rickey 
Staff Writer 

AS President, Mike Palcic in 
a meeting Wednesday night has 
again proposed a fee increase 
for next year, to attempt to 
offset a financial aids crisis. 
Despite the estimate of 900 new 

UCSD students for the fall , and 
regardless of the fact that a 
projected 30 percent of UCSD 
students benefit in some way 
from financial aids, one state-
funded and three federally-
funded economic assistance 
programs ha ve be en 

Men wbo live la lia s bouses boulda't tbrow tODe . or so 
y a proverb. EveD t_11I Provost Saltmaa jlldlciou Iy 

refraiDI from tllrowlq actal tODe , more tbaa oace ~ year 
bis office Ita. proved aD Irrel! tlble tarlet for retallat_ for 
perlaaPi lOme of III verbal lODe . TbJ late l breakale 
ocClirredlall week. 

drastically cut for the 1971-71 
academic year. 

At the emergency financial 
aids crisis meeting Palcic 
described the urgency of the 
situation and distributed fact 
sheets illustrating where 
$175,000 in federal cuts had 
been made. The information 
also showed the conf nued lack 
of state support of the Equal 
Opportunity Program. Last 
year a UC wide request of $1 
million in state funds was 
vetoed by Governor Reagan. 
Palcic was dubious about 
gubernatorial approval for next 
year 's request of $1.5 million 
from UC President Hitch, and 
he was even more doubtful 
about the UC Sacramento 
lobbyist ' sucre in 
promoting the student 
legislative program's reque t 
of $6.2 million from the state 
for the EOP program. 

Palcic accu d the Governor 
and ome state legislator of 
being opposed to tudents of 
low-income families enrolling 
at the Univer ity of California, 
citing their consistent veto of 
giving state EOP money to . 
while voting these fund for the 
junior coli g and the tate 
college . Palcic indicated that 
the gubernatorial vetoe 
promoted a form of chola tic 
apartheid . 

Sin e th chances for getting 
tate and federal monies ar 
light, Palci ha propo ed that 

a t mporary r e incr a be 
effected for Winter and pring 
Quart r n xt year. Thi 
in r a would con i t of 6 
mor ea h quarter, and would 
enabl th to rai 50,000 to 
$60.000 for financial aid to tho 
who could oth rwi not afford 
to all nd . Palcie add d. 

( ontlnued on page 2) 

The Regents ' Educational Policy Committee 
ruled yesterday not to renew the license of 
UCSD's Pepper Canyon Elementary School. 
Supporters of the project in the UCSD 
administration, however, say they are still 
hopeful that an acceptable arrangement can be 
worked out. Regent John Canaday stated that " It was not a proper type of editorial for a student 

(Continued on page 10) The largely unstructured and experimental school, operated for about 35 students out of a 
small building on the Matthews Campu , is ,-----------------. 
governed by UCSD students, faculty, and taf£. 
Enrollment is not restricted , and one full time 
teacher has been hired from th tuition that the 
school charges to its pupils. 

The Pepper Canyon " learning community ... i 
an independent organization u ing niversity 
facilities on a regular basi for private 
enterpri ," said UC Vice Presid nt Robert 
John on. " In keeping with the numerou 
policie and by-law of the Regent . it licen 
hould not b renewed for next fall ." 

ice hancellor of tudent Hair George 
Murphy, who came to the an Fran i co 
meeting expressly to defend th proj ct. i 
hopeful that operations may yet contlnU 
unimpaired. " We want to regi ter the P pp r 
anyon chool ju taw would any other 

student organization." Murphy said " The 
chool would then be gov rned olely by 

Univer ity-related people. although it would 
continue serving off-campu inter t , in the 

me wa B and MECHA , for exampl . also 
have off-campu activiti .. 

Although everal Regent feel that 
continuan of Pepp r Canyon would establi h 
an unwi precedent. th door wa p clflcally 
left open for r ·op mng th chool next Fall 
"within a fram work that i compallbl With 
th regulation ." 

M anwhile. th Regent also di cu d the 
con trover y that i raging around th B rk I y 
tud nt n w pap r. In a front-page editorial on 

May 11 , the DAILY ALIF R IA urged 
tud nt to " tak P ople' Park ," on th ond 

anniver r of a di turban that I ft on 
stud n~dead and or injur d 

Although th editor of th pa rand ab ut 20 
t ff r lat r pas d out n arly 2000 I afl t in 

an ffort t av rt violenc • a large crowed 
gath red on th da of th anni ersar ; cia h 
with poli and arr t follow d. 

Th Publi hing Board appointed b 

Chancellor 
Appointment 
Unlikely 



For Foil 

TeacHing Degree Courses to be Part of Minor 
Tina Breaksfone 

StaH Writer 

Beginning this coming Fall Quarter, students interested in 
primary and secondary education will be able to take courses 
as part of their regular minors to qualify for participation in 
UCSD's new teaching degree program . Dr. Roy H. Pearce, 
associate dean of graduate studies, said that there will be no 
Department of Education at UCSD. Instead. relevant courses 
will be offered in different departments including psychology, 
anthropology. sociology, and philosophy. 

It is hoped, Dr. Pearce explained, that by not limiting these 
pasic foundation courses to a separate Department of 
E<!ucation, best advantage can be taken of qualified professors 
within already existing departments. 

The program will be coordinated by a faculty committee 
working with the Revelle Provost's Office. Eventually a 
permanent director will be selected to coordinate the program 
and handle the relations with participating public schools. 

The program will consist of the basic foundation courses 
taken during a student's undergraduate work to be followed by 
a fifth year of intern teaching. during which time a student will 
actually work within the public schools with selected Master 
Teachers. Students will receive approximately half-time 
salaries during this period. Concurrently, students will 
participate in seminars to discuss their experiences and any 
problems which may arise . 

Dr. Pearce stressed the importance of the selection of the 
Master Teachers, si nce much of the teaching student's 
education will be received directly from his Master Teacher 
who is most aware of what is actually being done in the public 
schools in areas such as curriculum, books, and learning tool . 

The fifth year will be important, said Dr. Pearce, for the 
opportunity to link the fou ndation courses and theories in a 
dynamiC way with actual teaching experience. 

After the fifth year, participating students will have earned 
their teaching credentials and will be eligible for regular fu ll-
time teaching positions upon their agreement to fulfill a 
certain number of additionally required unit . Or. if he so 
desires. a student may return to CSD for a sixth year to 
complete hi Master of Art in Teaching. At this time a student 
will take courses in his own field and related fields In realistiC 
expectation of hi s actual teaching duties. 

Dr. Paul altman, Revelle College provost. who has been in 
consultation with Mrs. Helen Harrison from Univer ity 
Extension. a key figure in the development of the program, 
stressed that students will be selected to participate in the pilot 
program according to their dedication to the concepts of 
primary and secondary chool education. As Dr. Pearce 

CAL JET CHARTERS ... 
Europe 1971 

• C\otI', be ,""lead by Iewet' pre". InVfl"got. fit'''! fly WtTtl ovr reloa~ Cho,,., grOl.lp I(l'Iow".foe" 
on your char., ((I'"'' lato,,}IOU ''9'' your opploc:OhO/'l Don 110\1, (I choflo(' wITh on lIfI. nownchon ... 
OI .... nc " 

New Flight Listings 
ROUND TRIP - WEST COAST TO EUROPE 
Ri.~t 
111.S 116doy.) 

11 17 (8ldoYl) 

1231 t90doyt 

~16 (93 doy') 

,11 . (7,a cloyll 

il l1 (111 do".) 

Il19 t6ld4rylj 

' '''1'''''''1 
,m(32do,,) 

022 IlO...,,) 

t917 0neWoy 
125JOfttW., 
1126 OneWo, 
.f7010neW.., 
I7.5HM,woy 
181BOneWoy 
,121 One Wop 
Ila.5OMwop 

,116(1 1Ot.'N0'f 
,,1I9Ont -ioy 
,n8OM 0101 
..... 0.. V~ 
IId030"fNoy 

lOS .t.N(;ftfS to LONDON L .. "",Ite 13 
J..IIISlROAM 10 lOS ANG£lESISAn 'Ii' Sept 6 
OAKLAND to AMSTERD"'" I., .hi"", 16 
AMSTEROA.¥.lo OAXlAND IltA) .. , "1.10 30 
O.t.KLANO to AM.Sre.oAM l ... J"'MI7 
AMSTERDAM to OoVaAND (Tl.) It" Sept I . 
OMlAND to LONDON I .. Jur. 20 
AMSTERDAM. 10 OA.KlANO IS .... f) ht s.pt 10 
OAt(lAND to lONDC:It.t L., JIoI,.. 19 
-'MSl[IIOA.M to OAIUANO rflA ) le, Aug JO 
lA/OAKlAND to IONDCJN L .. J..,ne 21 
AMSTERDAM to OAJI:lAND/lA (SAT) hI ~pt 12 
OAA/lOS AN(i£lES to AM$fUDAM I ... Jv,... 20 
AMSTERDAM to lOSANGElESjO"'" (nA) let AIoIQ 16 
OAll.""'/tA to LONDON l .. Jv~ II 
LONDON 10 WOAAlAND (IMAJ hi "'ug' 
OAII:lN"C>/ LA to AH.STEROAM l .. "'~ J 
AAl.STEROA,ll.\ 10 l...,oAKLANO (AfA) Rei s.pt I 
O.u:lANO to AMSTEItDA.M (TtA) III .uv 11 
AMSTERDAM to O.u:LANO let Sept 2J 

ONE WAY- WEST COAST TO EUROPE 
O.u:lAhO 10 lONDON (TIA) 
OAKLAND to AMSTUOA.M (T1A} 
OAIU.AN>!1.A 10 A.Y.STEIWAoM ' ''''') 
O,uLANO to LONDON (lrrt All 
OM:lANO/lA 10 AASTEItOAM (TlA) 
OAltLANO to L()t.C)()N (f'M I ... t J 
OAlilANO/lA .. '-MST!RO .... IMAI 
OAKlAI'oO,IlA to LONDON (IMA) 

t .. June 17 
IIlJ~I' 
1 .. J"'M1A 
h. July 17 
l ... Aug .5 
h A\19 l' 
1 ... Sept 1 
III Sept 29 

ONE WAY- EUROPE TO WEST COAST 
LONDON to lOS ANGE LES (SMA) 
LONDON to OAKlANO ("rt Aor. 
LONDON to OAKlAM) (Ir!! Al ) 
lONOQN'0 OAKIAfl() (S .. n 
lONOON '0 O,UtAt() (Irrt .... w ) 

\ .. J",,.,.17 
til AUO 19 
l .. .hI1y 28 
I ... Sept 6 
I .. Ott 23 

ONE WAY- WEST COAST TO N.Y. 

NEW YORK TO LONDON 
,*WYQftl fOlONl.A.JN 
LONDON 10 NlW 'rOU (tAll 
NEW YORK 10 lONDON 
LONDON 10 Jrto4£WYOlK ILAl l 

\ .. .kuIt 18 
h' 3epl'; 
l ... June '1.5 
It" Se-pf I 

SPECIAL FLIGHTS TO JAPAN 
L A SAN fRANCISCO TO«VO 
TOKYO ftAN fRANCISCO LA ,cP"', 

CHRISTMAS FLIGHTS - 1971 - 2 
OAI'l"IIfOJl " If " 1(00"104 
.. "snlt' IU,,~ I, "o.or "hf\ H" 
O ... · lANOI"tH.",()'o~ 
PIll .... ' "'I" 101( 1.'''(Joc1I A 

Prk. 

'299 ' 

" .. 

• 2 .. 

'2" 

.2" 

" .. 

'299 
$219 

.299 

12". 

"'. 
"11> 
,,11> 
"11> 
"11> 
1119 
"39 
"39 

SI <II9 
116..5 
II" 
116.5 
117l 

... 

"'9 
'189 

13 .. 

1he. ChortoIt flqllb ......... ...,. 10 h*"" ~ -"" ..... .. 1M u,.,......tr ef C-+4 ....... ""'......., .. 
... ___ ~ rhM_NO~ItSHIf 'USt 

AI~ ... (erttt.c.otHI~ Itt .. "I..,.,....,.. ~GrY-... __ ~''''''''' ''I IotM 
f"~&'"",~"".,," 

c:.tJ9I"*'-. 
2IMCtwls....t 
s-".-..;tta~" J:lJ 

.. C: .. jAtu c .... , 41S 
tU •• ". 

Page2 Triton Times Friday, May 21,1971 

explained, "We won't be able to handle great numbers of 
students at first , but we hope to make up in quality what we 
lack in quantity ." 

The program was to have begun in Fall Quarter 1970 but was 
th'warted by the State Board of Education, which did not 
approve the loose structure of the program. This year the 
Board of Education has decided to approve the program as a 
whole. without specifying exact courses and number of hours 
required. Dr. Pearce said that he eKpects the program will be 
very f1eKible for the first couple years until the optimum 
methods and courses are established. 

New Prof, Drama Moior 
Slated for Dept in Fall 

Rose De Cos to 
Stoff Writer 

Along with offering a drama 
major. the Drama Department 
will be enlarged next year by 
Professor Floyd Gaffney, the 
newly appointed acting 
associate professor. 

Gaffney, a specialist in Black 
drama and dance , will assist 
Eric Christmas and Tom 
McCorry in .attempting to 
present students with a good 
foundation in liberal arts 
education . Chri tmas has 
indicated that the department 
emphasis will be on preparing 
students for future technical 
training in professional theatre 
next year. 

Presently an a sociate 
professor of· drama at UCSB 
and co-chairman for their 
Black Studie Department, 
Gaffney ha had an extensive 
teaching and working 
experience in hi s field . Provo t 
Stewart sta ted that hi s 
recruitment into the UCSD 
faculty was achieved through 
the assi tance of Dr. Nolan 
Penn . chairman of the Afro· 
American earch Committee 
at the iVIed School and the 
students on the Drama Search 
Committee-Bonnie Yoter and 
John Greenleaf. According to 

Stewart, .. Bonnie and John 
helped in recruiting Dr. 
Gaffney by going up to Santa 
Barbara and interviewing 
some of his students. They also 
helped tremendously in the 
outlining of what the Drama 
Department is aiming for ." 

Because of the limited size of 
the drama faculty, the 
department will be borrowing 
profes sors from other 
departments in order to 
broaden the nature of their 
major. Stewart indicated that a 
Yale specialist in Shakespeare, 
Leonard Barkin, was to join the 
Literature Department and 
will also become an associate 
member of the Drama 
Department. Faculty members 
from visual arts and 
communications were planning 
to help al o. 

Besides thi s, tudent 
attempting a Drama major 
cou ld incorporate certain 
approved co ur ses in 
anthropology. communica-
tions. music and visual art . 
Stewart expresses that "a 
combination of literature and 
applied theatre would be a very 
suitable foundation for a fine 
arts major. [t would have the 
value of broadening a person 's 
capacity in humanistic 
values." 

•••••••••••••• ~ 

* * * COFFEE HUT-COFFEE HUT .. 
.. FREE-FREE-FREE-FREE .. 

.. FRI***CHINA .. 

.. SAT***CHINA .. 
: 9~2PM : 
.. MUS/C-MUS/C-MUS/C .. 
.. ,.. 

•••••••••••••••• 
.... ___ R.e.A.O _____ .. 

0 
• ~ 
• W 
• ClIe 

COLLEGE IS 80% READING! 
NEED TO DO BETTER? 

SPEED . COMPREHENSION . VOCABULARY 
- STUDY SKillS -

ADV ANCED READING TECHNIQUES 
ENROlL FOR SUMMER CLASSES NOW 

233-7775 
APPLIED LEARNING CENTER 
24~ 4th Avenue, San Diego 

,., 

• m 
• ~ 
• C 

~-----------------------~!-~!~!p-.~--~ __ ~ __ II_~ __ ~_-"-~ __ ~ __ !!_~ __ ~ __ ~ __ ~, 
o Send additional information about reading programs & 

summer schedule. 

Nome 

Address 

Zip 

Phone 

(clip ond moil) TT 

, Financial Aids ... 
(CoaUllaed from pale 1) 

however, that he felt the state, 
and not the students should 
take care of financial aid for 
needy students. 

Any student interested in 

10lning the Financial Aids 
Crisis Committee or interested 
in writing letters of appeal to 
federal and state officials 
should contact Mike Palcic at 
ext. 1913. 

Douglas - Th ird College ... 
(Continued from page 1) 

were already employed by the University previous to this year. 
Other Third College faculty went through the University hiring 
process, York added. Provost Watson pointed to the rigorous 
screening process of Third College faculty , which has each 
candidate reviewed by college students and faculty in addition 
to the respective department, Budget Committee, chancellor , 
and Board of Regents. 

The IT asked Douglas to define what he meant by his 
statement that .. the Third College administrators turned to a 
junior program .. ,'. His definition includes a low set of 
academic standards. and an occupationally-()riented rather 
than research-oriented curriculum. 

For example, Third College is trying to bring students up to 
the standard of beginning chemistry, said Douglas. Whether 
they can do this is questionable, he feels . Douglas said that 
" students are the innocent victims in this whole thing." 

Chancellor York stated to the TT that "to call every kind of 
practically and profe sionally oriented education a junior 
college education is nonsense." He feel that one of the best 
things about Third College is the practical rather than pure 
academic orientation . 

Douglas u ed the following statistics to demonstrate that 
ca mpus faculty have reevaluated the potential of Third 
College. " In the beginning only five faculty members voted 
against Third College. Two weeks ago less than a majority 
were willing to vote for them , even in public. ,. He admitted to 
the IT that one source of his facts are the results of a poll 
conducted by the SA DIEGO EVENING TRIBU E. Because 
Douglas was told to keep the results confidential, he refused to 
give out further information to the TT. 

The TT contacted a member of the EVE ING TRIBUNE 
staff who conducted the poll. He said that the poll was 
distributed to all faculty at UCSD and that it concerned issues 
relating to Third College. Only Revelle and Muir College 
faculty completed the poll , however. 

Results of the survey were given to Chancellor York. Provost 
Watson , Academic Senate Chairman Jackson, and Dr. Douglas 
on the understanding that all information would be kept 
confide ntial until after publication by the EVENING 
TRIBU E. 

TC "A Failure" 

Douglas contended at the conclusion of hi s letter to the LOS 
ANGELES TIMES that the furor is over at UCSD because 
Third College has failed . " We must now turn ou r efforts and 
resource to deal with our real racial problems." he wrote . He 
told ' the IT that Third College should be concerned with 
re earch and teaching the problem of compensatory 
education , and serious study of minorities . 

Speaking of the present Third World Studies program . 
Douglas sa id that it is too revolutionary. Earlier in his letter, 
Dougla a serted thet Third College originally started by 
trying to foi st a revolutionary program off on its students but 
that the student have now voted the original radical ' out of the 
Board of Di rectors. 

Provost Watson made clear to the TT the fact that four of the 
original student members of the board of directors left because 
they tran ferred to other campuses in goodstanding to pursue 
programs not available at UCSD. The other two original 
student members of the Third College Board of Directors left 
voluntarily, stated Watson, and he emphasized that no 
members have been voted out of office. 

Douglas hopes that through his expose of Third College , a 
review committee of faculty will be set up to discover and 
present all facts . All files should be opened up to show what is 
true about Third College, Douglas told the TT. He said that too 
many UCSD personnel refuse to listen to facts . 

MUIR STUDENTS 
INTERESTED IN UNDERTAKING A 

SPECIAL PROJECT MAJOR SHOULD 

ATTEND A MEETING TO BE HELD 
MONDAY, MAY 24 

4:00 

ROOM 1330 HUMANITIES & SOCIAL 
SCIENCES BUILDING 

If 
,. ~J ~()~il&t" you If. i.' .... 't4 io 1M' .. ,yllll w .... 4.,_ ... ,. 

Y"" 'M' oM ... ,10 •• ~ .. I. ~ .. t4 
oM~ •• fit ... , r" 
No phon. (oils 25~BEER Stop in ond see John 
'?AC~f.C entertainment 

nightly YAMA~A 
1&51 Ilflll' "I Silverado & Fay 
l,lcific "Ie. '''-liii La Jolla 

'" 

TRITONS SHINE AT 
ALL-CAL INTRAIVIURALS 

The AII-Cal Weekend held at DaVIS for coed intramural 
sports was an all 'round success for the small and powerful 
Triton contingent. Playing under extremely hard conditions 
with heat in the 90's and about six hours of games a day. the 
UCSD group managed to place in the top three In all four of the 
categories we entered. The whole intramural department and 
the representatives should all be congratulated for the fine 
showing. 

Our volleyball contingent made up of Shelly HIli , Brita 
Griffin, the Condons, Larry Jcerman and Dwight Bean came in 
second to Santa Barbara after playing some tremendou 
matches which included beating the Gauchos 15·2. Larry, 
Dwight , and Shelly were particularly outstanding with their 
consistent play the entire weekend. 

Steve Daluraya and Lynn McClure were our tennis 
representatives and came in third after San Francisco and 
Riverside who they beat 5-4 . They would probably have won all 
their games if it had not been for a jinx spectator who 
occasionally wandered around to see how they were doing. 

The baseball PHOBEDRADS led by the bee stung foot of 
Jimmy, the beer guzzling of Fran, the hitting of Duke and the 
spirit of Wilhe also came in third although everyone felt we 
had the second best team. However, six games in Saturday's 
heat with little or no liquid refreshment proved too much. 
Unfortunately. UCSD's toughest opponent was Davis (whose 
coed team would probably win the Red League) and the game 
was scheduled for 8:30 which was just too early for our forces . 
The Davis group. which had warmed up milking their cows 
from 5:30 on , stuck it to Mike, Roslee, Bob and Pat in the early 
innings and that was the game. 

ZOO, our soccer representative, lost the championship 
Match 2-1 to Santa Cruz in a tight game. O. J . Al Shamble, Bob 
Goe, Weeboy, Randy and George played well but lacked the 
experience of the club team they were facing . The girls (Linda , 
Carol, Ann. Jackie and Mary Lou ) matched up well against all 
other females and should be the stars next season. 

UCSD Va rsity Crew Squad 
Laurie Gage 
Sports Writer 

UCSD's crew team is currently in Seattle at 
the Western [ntercollegiate Sprint Races. 
Two varsi ty boats will make up the team, one 
lightweight four-man and one heavyweight four-
man. This will be the last and largest race of the 
year for the crew. 

Crew coach Bill Gebur feel that hi team ha 
a good chance of doing well in Seattle, but he 
reserves most of his optimism for next year 's 
varsity lightweight team. " I hope to have th 
strongest lightweight eight-man team on the 
coast," he said. This year, the team has been 
plagued with two cases of pneul1';onia and other 
assorted maladies. 

"Lack of fund has also been a problem," 
continues Gebur. " We can't even afford a new 
motor for our launch, whic.h is essential for 

coaching. And due to the budget crisis, the first 
thing that gets cut is always ports." 

Not many men go out for crew because of the 
rigorous demands of the sport. A dedicated few 
participate, in pite of uch deterrent as 30-
degree temperature and practice hours from 6 
a.m. to 8 a.m. every morning except unday. 
Workouts start 'lear the end of Fall Quarter, but 
the pressure comes on during Winter Quarter. 
The season s1<lrt in the middle of Winter 
Quarter, and i wound up at the Western 
prints in May. 
Coach Gebur counting on strokemen Jon 

Jones and Jay B rnard to lead their teams in 
their 2,000 meter races. These two. along with 
Steve Si~pl lirP ,two mil'll "'I'flPr~nN'd 
members of the team. With a little more 
upport and participation, and the aid of the 

relllrni", team m mber , the CI t!w lCllm Ilopes 
to havea winning ason next year. 

Friday, May 21, 1971 Triton Times Page 3 



Ttt. opinions expressed on theM pages or, thow of the author, whOM nom.s appear in the bylines and do not nec.s-
sa,ily ,olle<l the viow. 01 the TRITON TIMES. Anyone d .. i, i~g to . ubmit mote, iol to be publi.hed on the .. page • • hould 
lind it to Ihe Edilo,ia l Oi,eclo" TRITON TIMES. 117 alok. Holl. UCSO. 

Muir College 

The Chicken Soup Conspiracy 

John Demirjian and Fred Henderson 

The Search Committee is now more-than-
underway towards making its decision that will 
result in one of the many candidates 
interviewed being chosen for the position soon 
to be vacated by Alan Batchelder- the Muir 
College Deanship. There have been rumors 
floating that the ne~ dean will be the favorite of 
the administration and not the students, that if 
the provost does not get the man he wants he 
will become more paranoid than usual , and that 
if this happens the oozing paternalism that is as 
prevalent as it is indescribable will strangle 
even more than presently so, any attempts for 
real discovery and meaningful learning that 
WOUld, perhaps to some amazement, utilize the 
existing academic disciplines as vehicles. But 
maybe this really isn't the case. On my way to 
school , a friend of mine, Henry Claggert , picked 
me up. He was on his way to the committee 
meeting of that day. 

" Nice day isn't it , Henry," 1 said as I climbed 
into his car. 

"Go to hell ! Nice day. Who are you trying to 
kid?" 

"Why so bitter ?" 
"Oh, some ass has been spreading rumors 

that the committee I've been working on is 
already decided upon the new dean. And the guy 
doesn't even know what 's coming off in the 
committee. It really burns me when no one 
bothers to find out what's happening." 

"Yeah, I know what you mean. The same 
thing happened to me the other day ." 

" Huh? How so?" 
" Well , I ran into this funny looking kid that 

said that he had been chosen to be the dean 
because he knew everybody on the committee. ,. 

" Damn ' Even you don't know what 's going 
on , and you ride with me every day!" Henry 
screamed. 

With tha t he screeched the car to a halt and 
demanded my exit. As I left. I could hear him 
ranting and raving and yelling, " How do you 
expect to find anything out if you don 't know 
anything?! ,. 

So it seems that no matter how hard you try, 
there's always someone who says we should try 
harder, dig deeper. and go far ther in getting the 
right informa tion. But where do you look if you 
have a real idea as to how you think things 
actually come down around here. 

I am happy to report that there are some 
wa ys of getting the correct information. As I 
left Henry in the background. I came upon a 
group of people gathered on Muir Campus; each 
was clutching a shovel. As they dug, they filled 
the air with joyous song. " Hi ho. hi ho, what in 
the hell goes? We suppose we know but as it 
goes Hi ho. hi ho?" 

I chanced to ask a pass ing soul what they 
were up to. He answered. "Lam ! Bam! Boom!" 

" Interesting." I thought. But removing 
myself from such thought,! turned my attention 
to the group and inquired from the center of the 
group wa tching, "What are you really doing?" 

"Gentlemen," began one of them. as he 
became comforta ble on a higher piece of ground 

than his.:olleagues. " What you see before you is 
a meeting of the minds of the people of Muir. 
We are gathered to express what we consider to 
be the concerns of this college. Thank you." 
With this he retu rned to his shovel and 
continued digging. 

" Hold it! Hold it! What are the concerns of 
Mu ir College?" 

"Concerns? Concerns, you ask. Beats me, 
friend, but we should find them by digging 
here." 

"Yeah, bu t why dig herc? " 
" I don't know. Got any other place in mind?" 
" Well , your hole is so deep now that everyone 

is throwing dirt out over his head. It would seem 
logical to say that if this continues that all of 
you will be in over your heads soon. Doesn't it 
make sense that first you should consider 
whether or not you should move before you get 
in over your heads to the point where you can 't 
get out?" 

He pondered a second, abruptly dropped his 
shovel, and returned to the higher level of earth 
once again. " My friends," he said, di recting 
himself toward those digging, "Are there any 
suggestions?" 

" Well ," a voice began from the hole below. 
" If we stop here, we must begin somewhere 
else and if we begin somewhere else we'll have 
to stop here and if we stop here we 'll have to 
spend time filli ng up what we've already started 
or we could let it be where it is now and come 
back when we feel li ke it or maybe we could fi ll 
in the hole and say we didn't or ... ,. 

"Stop ," I screamed ! " Who's in charge of this 
fiasco , anyhow! ! !?! ,. 

To this, the group climbed out of the hole. 
stood in a circle , pointed to the one on his left, 
and said, "Him." 

" Sounds familiar ," I thought. 
It does sound familiar , doesn 't it. However, 

researching the Search Committee responsible 
for the next college dean at Muir has turned up 
that the committee is weighted more with 
student opinion than with other. The interviews 
conducted are in groups of three and four people 
representative of the student population, the 
Provost's Office, and Student Affairs, instead of 
the enti re committee. It seems to be less 
intimidating for the candidate to meet in small 
informal sessions. And when a final candidate is 
chosen, he will be the choice of all members of 
the committee. i.e., two groups will not force 
their choice upon the one in the minority. In 
short. the committee seems to be one 
representing fair selection. 

Perhaps, one of the more di sturbing elements 
of the entire operation is, that while not hidden 
from public scrutiny purposely. it has in fact 
indeed defied some sort of defi nition among the 
majority of the students of Muir College. We 
think it would be more than appropriate. and 
perhaps somewhat a duty on our part since we 
are concerned , to ask someone from the 
administration to clarify some aspects of the 
Search Committee publicly within the TRITON 
TIMES. We think it would help. 

triton tiIlles 
New. Ce pl 
Ed Boyle 

Edilor- n-C hi., f .. II ", " ,..,,1 (; "1111111111 Ro .. OeCo,'o 
• I ' I \ ' 1 Bobbi. Fonk Cil~ Ed Iv • ...... , "r " 1 '" q:n JolIG'ohom 

\I "flal(i 'I( Erl i lll r .... . . ' l i ~, ' 1\.1" ",1' Roberi M,lIe, 
e",,, E di tu r ....... 4:1"" ~ (; r, .1' ;'111 °Febb,eMonlgOme,y 

: . . ronk PhdltP5 
Jl lI " OI'" \lafla~" r .•..... J" II ~ r"'d CJ. HPo.' 
E.lilllr i ,.I " in"' IIIr .. H "" ,,I ( : .. '11 r .. r,,- Mo,k S,eg.1 
\ . ( " I L ' 1'1 () J Bo,bo,o Simon 

..... n('l a t ' , I ~ 1". ( I ti r o •• \\\ ' U U .\ IH' r John Zo ller 
\1 11 11, ~ , , " i ll 

\ rl- E d it ... ......... T. ' rr~ I l.' r~ ~ Ar,i, 1I 
Sarah M(I(enno 

--" flr l ' E.li lur ....... H III~' l1 all llll Allon Sekulo 
I'hu lflj:rap h , ~. , I i l ur ... . 'tall Hinlon C.. o,g.5010n, 

Co nfributorl 
Jim Sill, 

Arts Depa rtment 
10m Seer 
Jay Gille tt e 

PhOl09,ophy 
Jon Fronek 
Adv.r, j, ing 
D'portment 
Mo,k r "lIlng 
Susan Code ~ 

lorry John~on 
Sorgun l ont 
Ken Bornes S.cr.tar ial Stoff 
Corne R,chy Ste~e Cohen 

Sheda Calhoun 
Au ', Monoging Ed. C 0 
Joe Eostern op.,. .purlm, " ' 
Comy Sharlck Debbie M Of"l' oomery 

Glena Schroeter 
Pr oduct ion Spo" ...... ,il.r 

Mike Ro,h 

The TltTON liMES 1$ otll'Iolly 'eco~mud ond wppo'led as a $tuden' new\pape, by the Cammuntca,.om Boord 0' 'he UnIversIty of CoMornlO 50n Diego 8 u,ldtn~ 250. Monhe ..... ' Compu\ La Jolla . (01,10'1'''0 92037 Publlcotlon 
1\ twice w.t~ly on rue~doy, and f rldoy, Off'ns o,e loco ted In room 117. 810ke Hall . on the Rewelle Ca mpu, f or 
"d,.,,, .. ng phone 4532000 . XIOI7 . 10' . ddo"oI0'n ...... phon.Xl016 

Page 4 Tri ton Ti mes Fr iday, May 21 , 1971 

Candidate 

Notes From. an 
"Uppity Conservative" 

Karl Keatin g 
We are all tired ; all of us wish that these 

elections would just rise up, walk away, and 
promise never to return . But before they do, a 
few wordsff clarification and explanation : 

Many students will , I suppose , decline to vote 
for me because I am an "uppity conservative." 
Now "conservative" itself is a very nasty word ; 
its primary uses are either (I) as an example of 
heated invective or (2) as a synonym' for 
"backward" or " reactionary," not to mention 
"fascist. " And being an "uppity" conservative 
is unwise because, as we all know, a 
conservative should be kept in his place 
(whatever that means ). 

To be sure, I have never hesitated to publicly 
air my views, no matter how many people might 
disagree with them. (Admittedly, I have 
sometimes said things precisely because my 
saying them would force others to foam at the 
1]10uth ). I have never felt that Truih depends 
upon a majority vote, and thus my ideas have 
not been dependent upon popularity polls or the 
wishes and aspirations of the " toiling masses." 

And all of this puts me at a considerable 
disadvantage . 

(ndeed, many students will be unable to 
muster the courage to cast their ballots for me 
because I am an uppity conservative ; even 
some of those who ha ve supported the issues 
which I have championed (reduced salaries, 
voluntary fees, decentralization ) will find it 
difficult to vote for me. All this 1 understand . 
But I think I should " make one thing perfectly 
clea r." I will not consider a vote cast in my 
favor as a vote for me personally; I have made 
this point before. Rather. I will consider such a 
vote to be one which signifies that the voter is 
disenchanted with the way the stUdent 
government has repeatedly trammelled him ; 
that he is tited of paying fees to a far-off , tiny 
group of people he never sees ; that he is weary 
of the way that the Council has repeatedly 
ignored h is wishes. 
Perhaps the simplest way to clear up a few 
misconceptions would be to stage a mock 
question-and-answer session : 

Q. Did you really " use" David Shaw? 
A. Before the prima ry campaign, David and I 

agreed that , since we stood for basically the 
same things vis-a-vis the student government, 
that if he were in the run-ons, I would endorse 
him. Since he indicated to me that he would 
serve a full term, I eventually did publicly back 
him. 

Q. Did you call for a new election jus t so you 
could have another change against Kaufman? 

A. I called for a new election in which all of 
the candidates running in the first primary 
would participate. 1 am on record as being 
opposed to just a two-man run-off . Paul 
Kaufman, on the other hand, voted against 
having a new election. Only under pressure 
from the students at large did he agree to a new 
match. 

Q. Kaufman, his running mate Tom Caryl, 
and some of Kaufman's friends have accused 
you of using " lies, smears, distortions," and , 
presumably. black magic to get what you want. 
Well? 

A. I plead guilty to the black magic part. The 
rest is humbug. Paul and his associa tes have 
been doing just what Joe McCarthy did : making 
accusations with absolutely no evidence, Paul's 
supporters have accused me, through vague 
references to smears and inaccuracies, of 
defaming him. But has anyone ever listed one 
smear, lie, or distortion? No, notanyone. 

Q, Didn't you try to use the debate to your 
political advantage? 

A. Of course, and so did the other debaters. 
Were we able to have a real debate (what we did 
have was a circus ), I believe my opponent's 
overblown rhetoric and promises would have 
collapsed. 

Q. What about the promises you made ; could 
you keep any? 

A. I made no promises at all ; I merely 
championed several issues, arguing that these 
issues ought to be put before the students so that 
the students could vote on them. As you know, 
the students did approve , by almost two-to-one. 
the motion to reduce the salaries of the AS 
Council ; thi s was one motion that I initiated. 
Paul Kaufman, in contrast to me, has made a 
number of promises. The student is supposed to 
believe that if Paul is elected , we will soon have 
(believe it or else): a student corporation, a 
laundromat, a record store, a non-profit food 
store. I understand that Paul has even promised 
to buy the Brooklyn Bridge for $24 in wampum. 

Q. Finally, why should anyone vote for you? 
A Because I am the only candidate who has 

publicly stated that students representing all 
viewpoints, all classes, and all backgrounds 
should be able to work within the AS. And I am 
the only candidate who will not impose his ideas 
upon the remainder of the students. 

Q. ' Null said. 

Never-Never Land 

The Battle For King Of Try ton 

Once upon a time. in the land 
of Try ton, lived a king. The 
king was old and was soon to 
leave the land. But nobody fel t 
sorry for the old king. I It has 
been rumored that many of the 
subjects were unaware that 
they had any king at ali I. 
Nevertheless, some subjects 
were worried about who was to 
be the new king. So it was 
decided, as had been the 
tradition in this land, that the 
people should elect a new king. 

Not very many people took 
this election seriously, for all 
knew that the king did not rule 
his land I as most kings do I. 
For in rea lity the true ruler 
was Ronnie, the Black Knight. 
who was I for the most part 1 
hated and despised by the 
people of thi s land. Soon, many 
candidates for king were found . 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
3Z7 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
lor services 
Tues. thru Sat_ 

233-8328 

Tom Christianson 

It was found that the two 
candidates who were most 
popular lat least with the 
people who voted in the king 
elections 1 were Prince Saul 
and the court jester. Haw. 
Prince Saul promised the 
people that he would go to lands 
far and near and raise money 
to fight the Black Kn ight. Haw 
promised to eat his face (which 
would be quite a trick I and to 
generally be a big pain in the 
ass of the Black Knight. 

Bu t the Black Knight's 
flunky, Narl Neating, decided 
to use the court jester for his 
own evil intentions. Narl sa id 
to the people, " I back the court 
jester." And Haw replied, " I 
couldn 't care less:' 

Later , Haw knew he had been 
tricked. By not refusing Nari' s 
support, he legitimized his own 

SUMMERTIME 
COLLEGE STUDENTS 

FULL AND PART TIME 
JOBS 

225.1231 
IMMEDIATE 

EMPLOYMENT 

cam paign. No longer was he 
assu red that the people who 
voted for him were content to 
see him eat his face , He 
forsook his following. " What 
shall 1 do?" cried Haw. 

Anyway. back at the castle. 
the votes were being tabula ted. 
Due to the fac t that nobody 
there could count, the results 
were doubUul. Nevertheless , it 
was decided that Haw won. Bu t 
Haw said , " I am sorry , but I' ve 
been tricked by evil Narl 
Neating. I concede to Pr ince 
Saul , the runner-up ." I It has 
been said that he conceded just 
because he didn 't know how to 
eat his face I. 

Narl. who hated Prince Saul. 
said . " Wait, we must have new 
king elections! " But the old 
King declared I as old kings 
tend to do ) " Narl will run 
aga inst Prince Saul. " Saying 
this. he watched as a great 
storm approached. 

(To be contiDued.) 

~~ 
Defol iot,ion On the Home Front 

Jim Jacobson 
We recently lea rned that the Forest Service is 

about to begin spraying approximately 2000 
acres of brush with herbicides in the Cleveland 

ational Forest . The chemicals to be used are 2, 
4. D and some 2. 4, 5, T. in a plateau area south 
of Pine Valley known as Corta Madera. The e 
are the same chemicals that have been used 
extensively in the Southeast Asia war . and have 
caused significant controversy. Local 
conservationists are concerned about the use of 
such defoliating chemicals. and are calling for 
environmental impact statements and a public 
hearing before the spraying is allowed to 
proceed. 

Forest Service spokesmen report that the 
spraying is needed in order to control potential 
fires in the upcoming dry season which may be 
caused by careless people or unfortunate 
natural phenomena. Herbicides will be used to 
create " fie ld breaks " about a quarter-mile wide 
as a means of slowing down the movement of 
fires. Sprayed areas will be planted with 
perennial grasses as a substitute for the 
defoliated chaparral. 

This is the most extensive spraying the Forest 
Service has ever considered in this area at one 
time. Spraying will be done from the air 
because of the larger territory to be treated . In 
the past application of herbicides has been dO.ne 
by hand in more limited quantities ; aeTlal 
applications of defoliants in Vietnam have 
proven that it is impossible to prevent dispersal 
of the chemicals beyond the intended locations. 
Even the most str ingent precautions cannot 
guarantee that the sprays will not drift to areas 
miles away from the site of direc t application. 

For more than a decade scientists have been 
worried about the release of herbicides into the 
environment. The American Associa tion for the 
Advancement of Science ha for the past three 
years sought to encourage extensive research 

on the use of the chemicals used in defoliation in 
the war and also here in thi country. A study 
released in October of 1969 by the National 
Cancer Institute produced the fi rst substantia l 
evidence of harmful defo liant effects on anima l 
li fe. The research was done fo r the Institute by 
the Bionetics Laborator ies of Washington. D.C. 
in which the herbicide 2. 4. 5, T was judged 
worthy of condemnation because it caused birth 
deformities in rats and mice at low exposure 
levels. Deformity-producing chemicals are 
classified as teratogens. The chemical 2,4.D 
was labeled as " potentially dangerous. 
teratogenic." needing further study. A third 
part of the Bionetics report has not yet been 
released. 

It is well-known that the herbicides 2.4.0 and 
2.4.5.T are used rather extensively in this 
country on many food crops such as corn and 
wheat. In January and February of 1970 over 
400,000 acres were sprayed in California ! 
Herbicides are used along highway and in park 
and recreation areas. Members of the local 
Sierra Club have found that state, county. and 
city agencies use the same herbicides 
mentioned above regularly. 

The 1964 Pesticide Chemical Act prohibits the 
use of chemicals until proven safe. Yet these 
herbicides have not been proven safe. The Food 
and Drug Administration has fa iled to enforce 
the law by not establishing sa fe tolerance levels 
for the chemicals. Obviously much study is 
needed and many questions must be answered . 
Conservationists are requesting that a public 
hearing be held to examine the environmental 
effects of herbicides, and help clarify the 
supposed " need " for uSing defoliants. The 
hearing would point to alternative methods of 
controlling fires rather than risk the possible 
long-term dangers to the genetic development 
of animal and human generations. 

~------------------~ 
~ "IuGraduation TlDle ~ 

Har!'" L€ 5ARON HOTEL 
. THE WORLD'S GREATEST SINNER 

A lealure by TIMOTHY CAREY - o,lginal mU Sical . co,e . c0m-
posed and conducled by FRANK ZAPPA 
The underg,ound .erio-comedy about a man "'"0 become;; an 
Elv l. P resl ey ","0 become • • Bill y Graham ","0 becomes the 
Wo,ld 's Grealesl Sinnerl 

in, broun~ MlSSION VAllEY 
• SP€CIA.l DISCOUNT FAMILY PACKA6E PLAN 0E516NEO 

FOR RELAT1V€5 OF GRAOUATING STUDeNTS: 

moroRHOT€L eXECUTiVE TOWER 
SINGLE t 11.50 SINGLE ' 13-50 
DOUBLE 13.50 DOUBlE 15-50 
,.WIN Oou6l.E 14.50 TWIN DOUBLE 16.50 
SUITE 22_00 SUITE 32.50 

• 400 LUXURIOUSLV FURNI5~ED ROOMS WliH 
OVERSIZED BEDS. 

• THRee eXCELLENT ReSTAURANT FACILITIES F,OR 
FAS1' CONVENieNT SeRVICE . 

• eXClIlNG FAS~ION VALL.EY SHOPPING CENTER 
A"f OUR BACK DOOR , 
FOR Re:Se:RYATIONS, Pl.EASE CALI-(714) 291 · 1777 OR 
RETURN "THe: BOTTOM PORTION TO US. 

l-E BARON HOi~1... 
250 ~OTet. CIRClE NORTH 
SAN DlfflO , CAl-IF. 9Zl10 

Ra115~TlON ReQUESt' KeyT 
~GANI1ATION ________ _______________ _ 

NAME _______ _ _ ____ -'--_________ _ 

ADDRESS CrfV 5TAT~ ---
A~RIYAL.. DA,.E DfPARTURE DATE _ ______ _ 
__ SINGl.E $ OOU8l-~ $ _____ _ 
__ TWIN $ I SUirE t--- ---

IF YOU PLAN TO ARRIVE AFTER 4:00 P,M" DEPOSlf EQUAL TO FIRST NIGHTS LOD61N0 IS REQUIRW 

This 111m, 3 y .... In Ih. mak ing. was finl .• hed 10 ~.ars ago. II 
was F,ank Zappa's firsl wo,k . Only now with Ihe 60 s behind uS 
can we appreciate lhe lanlas tie stn •• 01 humo, ot Ih ls avanl 
ga,d. ep ic f,om the lalt SO' • . II ha.n 'l been understood until 
now because on ly now have Ca,oy ' . seeming ly blza". vis ions 
become pa" of ou' real ily. 'The Wo,ld' . Gre.I"1 Sinn. , ' Is lhe 
slory 01 a man "'"0 called himsell God. II I. lru ly amazing. 

eA QU I CK I E 
(2) BY DIRK KORTZ 

WINNER - SECOND PRIZE 
EROTIC FILM FESTIVAL. 

Fo, once - brings humo, 10 Ih. 
.'anda,d approach 10 slag mov l ... 

AMERICA THE BEAUTIFULe KADD I SH . D.N.R.T.T.U.P.O.L. 

FREE RECORDS from ~~'i\\.\£ 
THE ~GREAT(w:, ~ )CONTE5n 
* plus-TIle "'f~ i.i.·o· M' "1teII~ t»<,..... ....... 

•_--....f ACADEMY ~-.. Jl2l I..NVERSfTY..e 214·1000 r-
Dope ( ~ ~r Iii :j 
JUDGE I I' 11 I~ I 

PRO SEC u"T OR 

1 :1 1 /' 
?-oEfENSE AT,.OR N£)' S 

l\ :J I 
UNDERCOVER N~R(t"OTICS I-6[NT5 

8 ~ \JedN~sda~ ~m [_~ Ma~ ~ 
\J( S D G)t1 

Bust ~ Bail ( Tria I 
Friday, M.y 21, 1971 Triton Times Plge 5 



The T own With the Funn 

A Kneeling T ribule 
To celebrate Ellen Browning Scripps' 90th birthday, the 

citizens of San Diego grouped together to devise an appropriate 
testimonial to this patron of La Jolla and friend of young 
children. The result was this sculpture of a child facing a small 
reflecting pool and a stone bench. The gift was dedicated on 
June 14, 1926 by George Marston of San Diego. The artist was 
J .T. Porter of La Mesa. On the front of the bench the words, 
" From the people of San Diego to the people of La Jolla in 
honor and appreciation of Ellen Browning Scripps" are 
engraved. The back of this bench contains the verse, 

"The world is so full of a number of things, 
I'm sure we should all be as happy as kings." 

J 
., 
'iI • 

..... 

. 

Though it seems to be increasingly dominated 
and characterized by a plethora of Jolly Kings, 
Royal Inns, Taco Bells and car service centers, 
La Jolla still bespeaks of its rich and illustrious 

past. This page is an attempt to illuminate some 
of that past througb some of the legends and 
objects whicb still remain in La Jolla, but are 
often overlooked. 

The Name 
There are two prinCipal schools of thought on 

the origin of the name La Jolla . One group feels 
that the name is simply a corruption of the 
Spanish word for jewel, "la hoya," while the 
other group feels the name derives from the 
Indians living near Palomar Mountain about the 
time of the first wbite settlers, in the mid 1800's. 

The Lindberghs 
and Gliders 

"Charles Lindbergh, who 
made his famous flight to Paris 
on May 20, 1927, starting 
originally from San Diego, 
became interested in gliders 
about this time. On Jan: '29, 
1930, his wife won a glider 
license at Mt. Soledad; and on 
Feb. 24 Lindbergh flew a glider 
from Mt. Soledad to Del Mar." 

- from La Jolla Year By Year 
copyright 1946 

Howard Randolph 

La Jolla 
Machine Gunned! 

According to the La Jolla author, Max Miller, 
the name derives from the Indian words "Mut 
lab-hoy-yah, Iab-hoy-yab." "Mut" means place 
and the rest has been taken to mean "bole" or 
"cave," referring perhaps to the now famous 
La Jolla Caves. 

In 1912 Herbert Palmer came to 
illegitimate son of Queen Victoria and 
establish himself as an architect and 
architecture. Palmer was ashamed of 
sought to prove his individual worth 

, 

ame 

La Jolla's Posl Offices 

The buildings of the La Jolla Post Office have been variously 
located ; in a hotel , a home, a store, on Girard, Silverado, 
HerSChel, and finally on Wall St. , its present location . On 
Sept. 13, 1935, the current Post Office was dedicated. The 
building was built as part of the Works Project Administration 
(WPA ) during Franklin D. Roosevelt's New Deal programs. 
The mural pictured in the Post Office was done by Belle 
Baranceanu about the time of the dedication. The colorful 
panoramic mural depicts La Jolla as it was in the 1930's and 
many familiar land marks are easily identifiable, including the 
bridges on Mt. Soledad, below. 

.. One of the most exci ting bu t 
least pleasant events in the 
history of La Jolla occurred on 
Jan. 14, 1930. About three p.m. 
a Navy plane flying over La 
Jolla sprinkled Girard Avenue 
with machine gun bullets! One 
bullet went through a garage. 
another through the roof of a 
home and several made holes 
in the pavement. That nobody 
was killed was certainly a 
miracle! Little damage wa s 
done, but the excitement can be 
imagined." 

school never materialized, but Pol .... or·' . PNlnl"h,ll linn< 
to La Jolla 's architecture has long endllr.ured 

Lincoln in La Jolla? 
from La Jolla Year By Year 

copyright 1946 
Howard Randolph. 

Not quite, but La Jolla did celebrate the 
centenniel of Lincoln's birth on Feb. 12, 1009 by 
erecting a flagstaff in Scripps Park. Mr. Walter 
S. Lieber, who sponsored the celebration stat~ 
that the flagstaff was the only memOrial 
erected that day in Southern California. 
Appropriate ceremonies were held in the park. 
at th .. hll~ of the flagstaff . The flag was rai sed 
by Veteran M. C. Close, Rt:.ercnd It W. 

I. 

i 
.1 

Page 6 Triton Times Friday, Ma.y 21, 1971 

Williams read the Gettysburg Address, Austen 
Adams spoke on " Lincoln the Man," the .. Htin. ~ .. "-•. :.'-.. -_ ... 
W W Bowers made an address . .;.~ . • - ... ~: .",_-~.. • • .... , M~m~rial was presented to th~ , " •.• --:::---.... .~':~: . --~. 
Diego by Mr. Lieber and was / -- ;,..-. . ....... --., .. . . .... , 
city by its mayor, the Hon. John .' .' .. ~ .~:::::-.:::: .. ' 
that is left today is the ( " , .. - .,. 
. bearing the inscription. 

" 

i. 

easa de Las Hoyas. the House of 
designed for himself and built on 'I'nr ..... Rn:'rl 
help of one of his three wives. 
A long stay in India and direct in<niratlo. 

are responsible for the style and ·atm1o. :reat,ed 
house. The house was completed in 
construction . During WW II La Casa 
and during Prohibition Palmer hund.~,tt1es 
in its walls. The house was also 
marathon gambling spree at one 
the Arcade Building on Girard num,erw·olla 

The Diving 'Professor' 
"f"" -' ••. 

...... 

• • • ~ J " One of the main attractions. during the 
SIImmers of 1897-8 were the diYfs made by 
Professor Poole from a ,'springboard 
placed 
but 

.' . Aug. 
the was, 

with 
inflamable oil and tu"it"j1'tsl the 
dive . Large crowdS' Clime up for the events, and 
it is said that Poole received $25 from the 

, "'-'. hd' 
.: ." _ _ " "'. railway for eac Ive. 

~: .: .. ~ ~:. '·~~~~·,~ •. I898" Bert Reed , son of the 
~"" . -......... ~-.. _ .... -. 

\ . ', ...... ..... , .... -..._ ... .. . 

mayor of San Diego. attempted the dive, against 
the advice of friends. He did not hit any rocks, 
but was nevertheless so badly injured that he 
died Nov. 29. This put a quietus on diving from 
above the caves lor some years. Mr. Poole 
repeated the dives in 1906 and was again heard 

. from in 1920, when he dove successfully from a 
plane at Ocean Beach, but the plane followed 
him into the water and was lost. He died in San 
Diego on Se~943. 

i From : La Jolli YearbyYea.r 
. ,,' Copyright 1946 Howard Randolph 

Ruource/u/n e .. 
p.ycltoIOIlY. becom in,; 
i"ue •• plti/o. oplty 

u . . &: FortYIn 
paptrl>oclu 
""'6u inu pa.'.r. 

reeDrtU 
.. rtU 

cit ild re n '. book. 
ficl ion . poelry 
de/illitl 
jo y 

New ... eD m. and 

EARIH.SONG 
BOOK STORE 

1 «0 Camino del Mar Del Mar 755-.254 

JAZZ UP YOUR WORLD 
WITH 

THE LARRY CORYELL 
TRIO 

5-7 PM 
SUNDA Y MAY 23 

TOM HAM'S 
LIGHTHOUSE 

FOR RESERVATIONS AND INFO 
CAU 291-9110 

COMING JUNE 6 
BUDDY COLLETTE AND 

THE STUDIO AUST ARS FROM 
THE FLIP WILSON SHOW 

MfT~GO.DWYN.MAYU 1"'- JOt' COCKER MAO DOGS B. ENQISHMfN 
w.n lEON IUSSEll ' fa..,_ " educ., JE6V M05S A, ""'0010 "educ.,SlDNEY lE"'" 

"odu<:ed by PiUtE ADIOGE.HAIIY M..YI:Sond I08(IT \1IE1·o.ocood by l'lIM AOIOGE 
AnMM f .... ln A.oo<""""'W .... C,..,. .. ' ,I", \.00<"' ... . )., Colo< 

TIle •• ".ate I s.rrou ........ ! 
INSTAllEd ESpEciAlly fOR ~WoodSTOCk· 

AllEe LANsiNG 4 TRAck SY"TFM 
1-_",--80_ p~ WATTS diANN II 

THIRDWEEK! 
-.- ..... ' - . .. 600 •• 00"000 
Sat & $v" et' 00, . . " •• &. 1<>00 

Friday, May 21 , 1971 Triton Times Page 7 



Letter to a Friend 

Author's Note: This is a plea to the campus at large, to think about a 
current, real problem ; to Counseling and Psychological Services, to 
respond to this problem ; and to everyone who reads it, to consider that 
alternate life styles exist around you . I have written this in hopes that 
a new sensitivity to these life styles will develop ; in a sense, it is a 
legacy to others dealing with problems similar to those which I 
describe here. 

LETTER TO A FRIEND 
The first time I saw you , I thought you were gay. After all , why else 

would we have had that drawn-out conversation about where and why 
we wore our rings? At that point] was used to playing that kind of 
game whenever I wanted to know whether or not I could be open with a 
guy I thought I might want to get together with. But obviously my 
dealings with my own sexuality began before I met you . My family 
background helped shape me, but when I transferred here to UCSD 
from Berkeley, I left home ; for the first time I moved out on my own. 
That's when things got really interesting. 

I had been aware of a strong attraction towards other males for a 
long time. I figured it was a phase that would pass when I got away 
from social restrictions of home. My first year here was fairly quiet, 
sexually speaking. My fairly conservative social ideas were shocked 
into change" for example when I went to visit a friend and his 
roommate was in bed with a girl-and was not at all embarrassed 
when I walked in . Other friends were into the drug scene to varying 
degrees, and I kind of went along. It was really an exciting period for 
me-like stretching my wings in a new, freer atmosphere. I lived in 
the dorms at Matthews; I was in a service fraternity. and met people 
through it. Some of those guys were into a hypermasculine go-out·and· 
get-em trip which turned me off. So anyhow the summer came, and I 
was sti ll a virgin, but I had certainly become more liberal in my views. 
I lived that summer in the "slums" of La Jolla , in a 3·bedroom house, 
with 2 other guys and a girl. It was really an ideal setup. In return for 
her rent, she slept with one of the guys, cooked dinner every night, 
kept house and did all of our laundry. 

Part of that summer I spent in Japan. and was surprised to notice 
how many couples on the street Were of one sex-two guys or two girls. 
One of the hosts for our group, Shunji, was a very warm and fairly 
physical person. and I found myself strongly attracted to him. When 
we said goodbye to each other at the Tokyo airport, it was with a 
bearhug that must have lasted a full minute. 

I came back to the dorms in fall , and strange experiences began 
occurring. My feelings for other guys were even stronger, and I began 
to worry about my psychological health. I also became very curious 
about homosexuality . What would two guys do with each other? 1 
discovered the old bathroom on Matthews where there was a "glory 
hole" and every stall had ads on the walls for variously endowed men. 
The place was really repulsive to me. but 1 didn't know where else I 
could find out anything at all. I kind of fantasized finding that someone 
was waiting inside and just si tting down outside on the lawn until he 
came out so that I could meet a person and talk to him . I almost had 
sex there one day. but was so repulsed that I left. So the curiosity 
grew. 

At this point. things outside of my own head got very interesting. 
First. I spent the night with a friend. I shared his double bed because 
another friend was with his girl on the couch. This arrangement was 
prefaced by. "You don 't look like it'd upset you if a guy crawled into 
the same bed". So all night I waited . but he was tired. I guess. The next 
morning when we woke up. his line was. "Why aren't you queer?". 
Somehow. l couldn't say. "Well, I think [might be. so let's try it ouc. 
And then. one of the frat brothers from an L.A. Chapter described his 
undergraduate research into homo exuality in detail-over a weekend 
which I spent with him. Curiosity was practically killing me. so I put 
up very lillie \ read~ " no", resistance to his seduction on Sunday. If 
only my parents could see me now. [ thought. The first time I had sex 
with anyone. and it was with a Black guy . I felt terribly guilty. and was 
sure I was " sick" . 

During this. my junior yp.ar . I decided to change my career plans and 
my major. I had shared my fears about my homosexuality with a 
counselor on campus. but no "cure" was in sight through our sessions. 
Pressure to stay pre·med was pretty heavy from my parents. and I 
wanted to get away for a while and think- and cure myself of my 
"sick" feelings . Spring quarter I split for Europe. During my six 
months there. one thing I did not accomplish was a "cure". A journal 
entry Irom April 15 reads . "Went to bed with Christian". He was a 
male prostitute. The combinatlon of money and lovemaking didn 't 
make it with me. and. with a sour taste In my mouth. I vowed never 
again to " buy love". It turned out that the temptation never arose, 
since Noel. who lived in the same residence hall that I did . was 
aggressive in his pursuit of me . I felt very much used by him ; our 
relationship did not extend past his own desires for gratification. 
These two negative experience made me want to renounce 
homosexuality more than ever. but it wasn 't so easy. I kept myself 
pretty well under control for about three months. but in August, when I 
went to Greece- well . at the border going into Greece. two border 
guards asked me to come with them for their vacations. Also. I was 
picked up. with something more than acquiescence on my part. 
twice-coming and going-on the boat between Athens and Crete. So [ 
came back this fall having concluded that I wasn't about to stop feeling 
the way I had. 

Page ' Triton Times Friday, May 21, 1971 

The counselor I had spoken to before I left was no longer at UCSD, so 
I was on my own. I decided I had better get together with my feelings 
since they weren't about to go away. I didn 't know anyone on campus 
to get together with or to talk to. I wasn't going to go via the bathroom 
at Matthews, and I didn 't want to get involved with the bars downtown. 
So I sat alone, and very frustrated , for a while. My doubts as to my own 
sanity returned ; was I the only one on campus who felt this way? Then 
came a break. There was an ad in the TRITON TIMES which said that 
a gay student was looking for a place to stay. I called him to 
congratulate him for having the having the courage to be so open. We 
started talking and decided to meet each other. We didn't really hit it 
off, but through him I found out about one other per~n on campus who 
occasionally made it with guys. I called him eventually, and we talked 
over dinner. We ended up in bed. I was really flattered by this because 
he's someone I truly admire-for his intelligence, his good looks, and 
his personality. However, the bubble burst pretty quickly. I didn't see 
him from the end of October until the last day of the quarter. I 
wondered what had gone wrong. I had been more and more accepting 
of my own feelings, especially since a close and respected friend had 
taken me aside in late October and said, "You know, you're bisexual. 
Don't be afraid of it ." That was a relief, I thought, at least I'm not 
exclusively homosexual. Anyhow, I wondered what kept this latest 
friend away. Finally it came out that he hadn't expected a virgin , or 
something like that, plus he was uncomfortable around me. 

Winter quarter . Five weeks pass. No new contacts. At least I have a 
next door neighbor who will talk with me about sexuality, even though 
he's straight. Also, I've gotten into spiritual Christianity, which has 
helped me revise my concept of homosexuality as sinful or sick to one 
which views it simply as a physical expression of love or lust; the 
morality enters only in the question of love vs. lust. Around mid-term 
time. the last person I had met introduced me to a friend of his and for 
about three weeks I thought I was happy. But this one, too , was 
uncomfortable around me and ended up saying that he took all he could 
get and was sorry but he didn 't care about me. You and I became 
closer , and you had to worry about guilt by association. 

Spring quarter . In a small group I'm in, I had the chance to be very 
open about myself, and I was. Then I started to think about it. It really 
felt good to be open, but I have a future to think of. Since I don't intend 
to make the modification of societal views on homosexuality my life's 
work , I really can 't risk being labelled as a homosexual. If it came up 
when I was looking for a job ... this is a very depressing line of thought, 
because when I can't be open, I shut down a lot of my sensuality; I 
don 't feel free and complete. I am caught between guarding my future 
against closed minds and guarding my sanity against closed·off 
feelings. I don't know what to do . 

Another very depressing thing is the. pain I cause others. You 're 
lucky; your friends haven't caught on to " accusing" you of being a 
homosexual because of your association with me. Another friend 
wasn't so lucky. I was seen with him-seen touching him-and rumors 
started to fly . A huge storm has blown up in his life, all because he was 
good to me. His friends all want to know what's wrong with him . His 
girlfriend is worried. Why? Because he was open and friendly to me. 
Because he accepted me for what I am. Because he treated me like a 
real person. If his friends shoot him down, and others like him-will 
there be anyone left for me to talk to? 

Correspondence may be addressed to the author of this leller in care 
of the Arts Editor. 

How Woul~,X~~ Like to be AS President For a Day? 
A t Ed', a few. So, why not you? 
r, , or Discover what it's like to : 
Wh.il~ national news media of the Time·Lif e variety and • - Sign the paychecks for the expansive AS payroll ; 

teleVISion commentators have been proclaiming Ulis academic - - Delegate authonty to your underling COmmissioners ; 
year a~ devoid of political activities- particularly citing the · - Have the AS secretary place your phone calls for you ; 
Spnng s absence of national disruptions as evidence-political . - Throwa free EOP luncheon in the Plaza ; 
activism and organizing have marked the character of UCSD . - Be confronted hourly with Jim Sills' and Karl Keating's 
this quarter. Our campus tranquility has been turned upside accusatIOns of corruption and incompetence ; 
down. by our own loca.l political manipulators, maneuvering for . - Bedenounced by the LeafletCoalilion pamphlet· 
posilions In next year s AS government. After Winter Quarter 's .-Call an administrator and be put through to bim by his 
controversies .over Muir College requirements, the only secretary; 
apparent certa mty about the value of education on this campus . - Have lunch with the Chancellor ; 
IS that AS politics is making a fine training ground for the .. - Make threats about Investigating Program Board 
Richard Nixons and Hubert Humphreys of the future . expenditure ; 

AS politics is where all the excitement has been on campus • -Take the opportunity to view your fe llow students as 
thiS year. There have been no demonstrations with enough potential votes ; 
energy to provoke any substantial student interest ; sit-in are B 
merely a memory of the past ; and the annual UC student strike .- e en consed in a big leather chair in your office ; 
simply never materialized. All these opportunities. and more, are your. if you become 

AS Pre ident for a day . • 
But for the concerned and aware student, there remains a 

way to get Involved : Become the AS President for a day. Some 
of the most up·and-coming, hip and outstanding campus 
leaders have done it-Dave Shaw and Paul Kaufman, to name ·Note: this contest is void where prohibited by law. 

POSSIBILITIES 
Spring Quartet 
Series 

The Feld Quartet will 
present the second concert in 
the UCSD Spring Quartet 
Series on Saturday, May 22, at 
8:30 p.m. Tickets for tbe 
concert, whicb will take place 
in the Cluster I Library, are $2 
for the general public and $1 for 
UCSD students with J.D. 

Chaplin & Poetry 
A multi-media poetry 

performa nce of Jerome 
Rothenberg's "Poland·1931 ," 
in a section of which the voice 
of the poet will be accompanied 
by a showing of Charlie 
Chaplin's two-reeler, "The 
Immigrant." will take place at 

the UCSD Art Gallery on 
Wednesday, May 26, at 8:30 
p.m. The piece, part of a long 
work-in-progress that 
Rothenberg describes as his 
attempt to "write an 'ancestral 
poetry' ., that invokes .. the lost 
world (in Europe and the U.S. ) 
of Jewish mystics , thieves and 
madmen ," presents a series of 
highly imaged, often erotic 
poems against a background 
and foreground of musical 
sound·collages and electronic 
tapes by composer Charles 
Morrow ; overhead 
projections; slides of Hasidic 
rabbis and Brooklyn gangsters. 
as well as the Chaplin movie. 

Art Exhibition 
The UCSD Art Gallery will 

close its 1970-71 season with a 

series of student exhibitions. 
David Schlegel will show a 

series of floor sculptures 
Sunday, May 23, through 
Thursday, May 27. Kim Robert 
MacConnel will display "ritual 
objects for and of all time," 
and Robert Kushner will 
display "costumes for bodies," 
Friday, May 28, through 
Tuesday, June 1. 

A reception and performance 
of Kushner's pieces will be held 
at 8:30 p.m. May 28 in the 
Gallery. 

James PiaU's exhibition will 
open Saturday, June 5, and will 
continue through Monday, June 
14. Piatt says of his work , " My 
exhibition is a random 
selection of my interests. It 
attempts to illustrate my kind 
of confusion and truth. 

Eve~ythinl( in the show 

I 

BREWERaSHIPLEY 
AND 

ROY RASIN 

TOMORROW NIGHT 
IN 

THE GYM 
8:30 

TICKETS $1 UCSD UNDERGRADS 
$2 GRADS/STAFF/FACULTY 
$3 GENERAL ADD 

TICKETS AVAILABLE UREY HALL 
BOX OFFICE AND AT THE DOOR 

exemplifies my needs . 
Everything in the show is 
religious. " 
Gallery hours are II a.m. to 4 

p.m. daily and 8 to 10 p.m. 
Wednesday evenings. 

Computerized 
Art Festival 

sophistiCated machinery. 
To help the atmosphere, the 

Senses Bureau's low smog light 
show team will be on hand to 
usher you in, featuring Chuck 
Morgan and Bob Sanders 
playing " The Overhead 
Projectors Two." 

The films to be shown were 
selected to display the multi· 
faceted nature of the computer 
(or the electron) as an artistic 
too\. The subjects include a 
ra vaging flexipede , a 
cannibalistic molecule, and 
many abstract images (both 
auditory and visual) which just 
float around and feel nice. By 
way of contrast special effects 
from old time movies will also 
be shown. 

This Monday evening The 
Senses Bureau of the 
Chemistry Department will 
present a festival of 
computerized art forms at 7:30 
!n USB 2722. This free showing 
IS sponsored by the Revelle 
Guest· in Residence 
Committee. A selection of 
films produced by a wide 
variety of electronic means 
and accompanied by (what 
else?) electronic music will be 
presented, with the emphasis 
on sitting back and absorbing 
this attempt to communicate 
with yo ur senses via 

AtouI guitarist John Fabey made some great souDds ill tile 
free coacert last Tuesday DOGn OD tile lawn behind tile 
HumaDities Library. Warm sUDshiue aad a bappy crowd made 
for a mellow outdoors concert. 

I 

I 
I 

r 

I 

I 

I 
I 

I 
I 
I 

I 
I 

Photo by ChrIs Klein 

- - -

- - - - -

IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT 
THE SATURDAY NIGHT MOVIES 

HAVE BEEN CHANGED 

DUE TO THE U.S. MAILS 
THE FILMS ORIGINALLY 
SCHEDULED HAVE BEEN 

DELAYED 

INSTEAD: 
SATURD AY MAY 22 

USB 2722 7:30/10:30 
THE ORIGINAL VERSION OF 

ALICE IN WONDERLAND 
W.C. FIELDS 

CARY GRANT 
GARY COOPER 

PLUS 
TRUFFAUT'S 

FARENHEIT 451 

I 
I 
I 

OSt<AR WERNER 
II II I" rWDI5T .. 

TICKETS AVAILABLE UREY HAll80X OFFICE AND AT THE DOOR 

I 

- -

-- - --

Friday, May 21 , 1971 Triton Times Page 9 

I 

I 

I 



• J 

Yoga Means ... "love, devotion, 
humi I ity and service" 

Debbie Lavender 
Slaff Writer 

"Stare at your toe .. .inhale ... concentrate on 
that tce ... exhale .... · 

Kundalini yoga. the "yoga of awareness" has 
captivated a small group of UCSD students. 
Two nights a week they meet in a elas 
sponsored by the Happy, Healthy, Holy 
organization (3-H-O 1 of San Diego. The cla s is 
led by a young woman named Sooryea, who 
talks softly to her students about the effects of 
yoga while they are locked in a single position 01 
concentration. 

In a voice almost like a chant , Sooryea tell 
the group, " Work on your ego ; get rid of your 
negative ego. We're working to steel our bodies. 
to bring them to one-pointness. If there' pain. 
that pain is okay- go through the pain to the 
valley of the plea ure ... 

She r!:member to tell them to exhale. and an 
explosion of their breath resounds. She goes on. 
explaining the meaning of yoga. "There are four 
rules . They are love, devotion. humility, and 
service. Anything you choose to do in life. do it 
with these four rules ; that is yoga. Yoga is 
union. This yoga gets you out of your negativity. 
it is the yoga of awareness. It make you very 
aware very quick , and sometime this makes 
you very negative. But that's okay-we have to 
bring it to the top." 

" All of a sudden we become very aware of our 
bodies, what we eat. what we look like, .. she 
continues. "Think of the pain as just another 

Make your 

feeling ; concentrate on the breath. When you 
inhale, you take in the life force . When you 
exhale you exhale negativlty .. .lnhale and raise 
your right leg. " 

Sooryea has her students bending and 
stretching their bodies for an hour and a half, 
holding one position in deep contraction for as 
long a five to ten minutes at a time. All the 
while she is explaining yoga to them and 
encouraging them to concentrate on it. Finally. 
when they are exhausted. he repeats over and 
over, "Relax. relax. " She turns out the lights 
and begins playing softly on a gong, obviously 
skilled at that ar!. For almost fifteen minutes 
she draws a multitude 01 sounds from the gong, 
until the sound is deafening. Then she tells the 
student . " Begin to come back now ; begin to 
come back into your body." And they roll their 
hands and feet around as if they are just waking 
up in the morning. 

In their last ritual of the evening. the group 
sits in a circle. joining hand and following 
Sooryea in chanting. "There is one creator in 
creation . and that is truth." They sing a so ng of 
good will to each other : 

"May the long time sun shine upon you 
All love surround you 

And the pure light within you 
Guide your way on" .. · 

Sooryea 's class in Kundalini yoga meets 
Tuesday and Thursday nights from 7 to 9 p.m. in 
the Child Care Center on Matthews Campus. All 
you have to bring is a blanket, a candle, and 
some food to share. 

summer traveling easier. 
If you're planning to get away this summer, see Bank of America. We have 
several good ideas that can make it easier for you to travel: 

!lAmER'S 
lWIDBOOI 

FOREIGN 
CIIIRfRCY 

KIT 

Free Traveler's Handbook is packed with helpful foreign 
travel information and has a world-wide list of Bank of 
America branches and affiliates who will be happy to serve 
you if you go abroad. 

~ 

Foreign Currency Kit in handsome wallet-size folder 
provides a currency conversion table, a pictorial 
explanation of the coin and note values of the country 
you plan to visit and, if you like, enough actual 
currency to cover small arrival expenses. (Available 
for Europe, Canada, Turkey and Israel.) 

BankAmericard gives you a helping hand by letting 
you charge for goods and services throughout the 
fifty states of the United States and in major cities 
around the world. And, it provides you with an 
accurate record of the money you 've spent. 

Bank of America Travelers Cheques are 
guaranteed loss-proof, theft-proof and fire-proof. 
Or your money back. If you lose them, you'll 
get a quick refund for the full amount. And you 
can buy them or cash them just about any-
where ill LI'tj world. 

Stop by your nearest Bank of America branch and get complete information 
on .hese and other Bank of America Traveler's Services, We're anxious to help. 

BANKOFAMERICA 
e.n' 0' Am.,I •• Nlllon.1 Tru.1 l S •• 'ng ...... o.,. tion · Memb., FOle 

Page 10 Triton Times Friday, May 21, 1971 

Assodate Dean Interviewed 

Annala Confronts Student Apathy 
Debbie Montgomery 

Stalf Writer 
A cure may have been found 

for the apathy which reportedly 
plagues this campus. Deep 
inside Urey Hall. sandwiched 
between computers, cience 
projects and other evidences of 
man's technology, there is life. 
Here in the Student Activities 
Office Diane Annala is working 
to stimulate and promote 
student interest. 

The 28-year-old as ociate 
dean of student affairs, who 
would rather talk about 
student, their hopes and their 
frustrations than about herself, 
came to UCSD from the 

niversity of Michigan where 
she had been the assistant 
director of the office of student 
organizations. "The Universi ty 
of Michigan is a phenomenal 
place and a constant challenge. 
I'm glad I had the opportunity 
to work there- but to me, 
37.000 students and near ly 400 
student organizations i just 
too large if you hope to work 
with student groups on a 
personal level. 

"The times we are living in 
are very exciting times . 
Change occurs so rapidly that 
often, before we 've been able 
to adjust to one thing. there-s 
something new to assimilate. 
Perhaps for the first time 
people are really being 
confronted with themselves, 

R ® 
NlliRJRl4 

11 ~~IJ?Mp 
NOW OPIN '0" WEEKEND ftE Tft(AT$ 

VOGA - "[CITATION - IHAJAMS 
Ttut., C.llfornl. on the .... ka" bofdlf 

I' ttl. too. of Mt. ("C'UUM . 
$10,. PtfMfl" wMlCend. Un", ttl. 

dl,ectkHt of IltOr. 0..1."" ~khlrd 1odI . 
C.II Slthya 511 .... Ctnt .. forlnforlNltton . 
,.,.,,,,110"1.,,4 ClIt«tlo"1 2U·'1,"$O" 

their own feelings and values. 
"The implication this has for 

student activitie is profound. 
No longer are we concerned 
with the traditional manner of 
advisi ng student groups ; 
rather, we must facilitate a 
s tudent 's optimum 
development while in college 
by helping him learn from his 
own experience and to relate 
that experience to matters that 
are important to him. " 

One of the programs Diane 
proposes is a series of 
workshops for interes ted 
students to deal with the 
development of organizational 
and leadership sk ills, as well as 
a workshop designed to discuss 
the problem involved in just 
"getting things done" within 
the University netll'ork of 
office . 

Another project Diane has in 
mind is obtaining credit for 

outside work. This program 
would seek to develop 
operations which would enable 
students to translate the 
interests they have into 
activities for which they would 
receive credit through the L98 
and 199 courses. 'Tm talking 
about extra-c urri cular 
activities such as student 
government. volunteer work. 
etc. [ believe that with the aid 
of a well-designed program, 
these activities can become 
one of the mos t significant 
experiences a student may 
have whi Ie in college. " 

Student apathy? " I think the 
word is a cop-out. It can be a 
cop-out for administrative 
office if they use it to avoid 
developing better lines of 
communication, more student 
involvement in decision 
making, or better support 
systems for student interests." 

Pepper Canyon ... 
(Continued from page 1) 

publication." the Publishing Board has done an 
admirable job in administering to (the matter) , 
I'm tremendously pleased, honestly." 

The Publishing Board held that the paper was 
morally responsible for " inviting the violence. " 
A Berkeley vice-chancellor added that the paper 
should be financially responsible as well . 

In a matter relating directly to UCSD, the 
Educational Policy Committee authorized 
appointment of a special subcommittee to visit 
Third College. The visit would be made before 
the end of the quarter, said Regent Elinor 
Heller, at the written request of Provost Joseph 
Watson. 

At the recommendation of the Academic 
Council of the statewide Academic Senate, the 
Educational Policy Committee shelved a 
proposed change in University by-laws that 
would have opened the way to permitting 
students to vote in departmental meetings. 
President Hitch said that while student advice 
ought to be sought, it would not be appropriate 
to allow students to vote on maLters of 
personnel and curriculum in the departments. 

GO ALL THE WAY ... 

ANHEUSER-IUSCH INC • SI lOUIS 

~ight now I 
that goes double: 
Pick up 
TWO 6-paks 
of the 
King of Beers®. 

WHEN YOU SAY 

Budweiser 
YOU'VE SAID IT ALL! 

Hey! 
You. 

The results of our advertisements in The Triton Times have been nothing short 
of sensational. Of course, we will continue our ad programs in the future, and 
we at Dow Sound City are interested in how we might cooperate with you on 
your school-related programs. If you feel there's a way we can help ... come on 
in and talk to a Sound Freak about it. 
True, we don't have elegant sound rooms and a lot of the frills some competi-
tors have, but then again you don't get charged for them either. The funky Dow 
Sound City stores are devoted to giving you the best buys in stereo available. 
So if you're interested in any kind of hi-fi or stereo, drop in and listen to great 
sound - where you won't be bothered by high pressure salesmen_ For comfort 
you can flake out on the floor or do just about any number that doesn 't get us 
all busted . . Seriously, check out our stores, the prices, and our Sound Freaks 
- some of whom might be old school buddies. 

~ . , . .• I · · .. ••· -
-

........ -... 

-...... -.~. P O BOJl 99 Su" Valley C. tt 'O'",1 !ilIl352 
Model 25C -$429.00 

If you're hip to stereo equipment, you should know about the Marantz 25C, and 
that there is no finer name than Marantz. The 25C is backed by our Five Year 
Guarantee and manufactured to the demanding specifications of the Marantz 
company. The receiver features Gyro-Touch Tuning, Front Headphone Jack, 
and 30 Honest Watts of power in each channel that experts claim is an extremely 
conservative estimate. Topped off with a Garrard SL-958 Record Changer, and 
fitted with an Elliptical Diamond Stylus Shure Cartridge - the Marantz Model 
25C is absolutely incomparable at the unbeatable Dow Sound City price of 
$429.00. Don't forget to ask a Sound Freak about our revolutionary Five Year 
Guarantee and our Speaker Trade-Back Plan. 

Easy terms available - trade-Ins accepted - The Sound Freaks Honor 
Master Charge, Bankamericard, and money ..• start a Xmas lay-away plan. 

FASHION VALLEY EAST, SAN DIEGO· PHONE: 291-5595 
3688 EL CAJON BOULEVARD, SAN DIEGO • PHONE: 283-2325 

Other store locations are : Pasadena , Goleta and Oxnard 

Member or 
MElRO -TlCKETROI 

A6EICIES 

Friday, May 21 , 1971 Triton Times Page 11 



.\ti. 
FRIDA Y, May 21 
MEETING - 3 p.m., Quonset 
Hut locker room, mandatory 
meeting of all UCSD football 
players. Phone 453-2000 ext. 
2275 tCoach Vitale ) if unable to 
attend. 
LECTURE - 12 noon , 
Sumner, Aud. SIO, Dr. E. S. 
Hobson, " The Senorita as a 
Cleaner Fi h." 

3:30 p.m., 3020 SB, Dr. 
William Brainard. "Social Risk 
and Financial Market ." 
INTERNATIONAL 
CLUB -7 :30 p.m., Revelle ' 
Informal Lounge, Malaysian 

ight, 10 cents admi sion. 
FILM - 7 .30, 10 :45 p.m., USB 
2722, F.riday ' i~ht Flicks, 
" Downhill Racer" and special 
X-rated film . 
DANCING - 8-12 :30 p.m., 201 
MC, n~ver ity Folk Dancer . 

9 p.m., Revelle Cafeteria, 
Free dance. " D.C. Blues. ,. 

SATURDAY, May 22 
CAFE HA AM - 8 p.m., The 
flick "'ever Again to be 
Denied" will be shown with 
folk dancing afterward . 
Refreshment Will be erved . 
SPORT - The econd Annual 
UCSD Open Bowling 
Tournament at niversi ty 
Lane , niver Ity Ave ., S.D. 
Registe r 12 :30 p.m. on 
Saturday ; bowl promptly at 1 
p.m. 5 game across 10 lane 
plu final - cratch total 
pinfall only. For further inlo. 
call Jon 278-6858 or Mike 453-
1925. 
FILMS - 3:30 p.m., SB 2722 , 
Chinese movie "Storm Over 
the Yangtze River ." Tickets 
$1.50 at UH Box Office or at 
door . 

7:30, 10:45 p.m .. USB 2722. 
Saturday night fi lm will be 
"Alice in Wonderland " original 
versIOn with W. . Fields. Gary 
Cooper. and Cary Grant. r':us. 
Truffaut' "Fahrenheit 451 " 
with Osker Werner and Julie 
Chri tie. $1 C D. $1.50 other .. 
CONCERT - 8:30 p.m" Gym . 
Brewer and hipley . 

8:30 p.m" Cluster I Library. 
The Feld Quartet p rlormllig 
work by Ogdon. B ethoven. 
and Bartok . 
MEETING - 2·4 p.m" N. 
Balcony 01 Gym . Etude de 
Ballet. ' . 

SUNDAY, May 23 
CROSS-CUL TURAL 
CONVERSATION 
GROUP - 5:30p.m., tudents 
from many countne eat and 
talk together in the home of a 
local citizen. Plea e phone ext. 
1940 for info. 
FILM - 2 p.m., nicorn 
Cinema, 7456 La Jolla Blvd., 
India Film Club pre ent "Do 
Badan" (Two Bodie I; aLo 
hort film. " Kathakali ." $1.75 

for tudents ; free coffee and 
tea will be erved. For further 
info. call 459-4341. 
MEETING - 2·4 p.m., 
Balcony of gym , Etude de 
Ballet. 

MONDA Y, May 24 
MEETING - 7:30 p.m., 2105 
Bonner Hall , Revelle, La Jolla 

aturali t Meeting . Dr . 
Robert He sler will peak on 
" Life on the Bottom of the 
DeepSea ." 

7:30 p.m., Blake Lower 
Lounge. Committee to Free All 
Political Pri oner , 
mandatory. 
MEETINGS - 11-1 p.m., 20 
1305 . Triton Wargaming 
Society. 

6:30·8:30 p.m .. S. Balcony of 
gym, Gymna tic Club. 
ART - 7:30 p.m.. SB 2722, 
Census Bureau and Revelle 
College Gue t-in -Residence 
Committee ponsors Festival 
of Computerized Art Forms 
with Light Show. Free. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Graduating students or 

Learn Japanese - if you are 
intere ted in taking Japanese 
next Fall call Hiromi Fujisaki 
at 453-0541 or come to A-24, 
Tenaya Hall . Need 30 students 
to form class. 

Cultural Traditions EAST 
ASIA equence next year will 
not be the same as it ha been 
thi year , Dr. Reynolds and Dr. 
Yip plan to focus on Oriental 
Culture a ' seen from the 
standpoint of its art. 

Tune your head into KSDT 
for far-reaching ound - jazz, 
rock , country, pecial 
program . information on 
school happenings! 

Three actres es are needed 
immediately for the Multi-
Ethnic Theatre presentation of 
"The Bad Seed" and one 
actre for " 0 Exit. " All ages 
over 18, non-students welcome, 
no fees , good training. Come to 
Multi-Ethnic Theatre. Mon. 
and Wed. 6:30 p.m .. in Rm . 3060 
USB. or 201 M Sat. at 3 p.m. 
harp. Also one actre for 

" Virginia Woolf" Tue . 6:30 
p.m. 201 MC. For info call 454· 
1020 from 3-4 p.m., a k for Ann 
D. Arcy . Continuous 
registration from May 17 to 
July 31. 

student who do not plan to ••••••••••• , 
return to UCSD in the Fall I • 
begi nning eptember 27, 1971 , II L.A. to LONDON 
and who have out tanding 

DEA. Educational Fee I return from Amsterdam I 
Deferment . Regent . or other I I 
type loan should contact the IJ .... I'/SOpo.15 $269 I 
Loan Collection 011 ice. 204 p ..... 2I/SoPO. 7 U611 1 
Matthews Campu . regarding 
an exit interview. D lerment IJ ..... 21/ A"'.26 u6'11 
of payments and partial 11,,,,.26/Sopo.26 $2611 11 
cancellation 01 loans are 
avai lable upon receipt 0 the 1 <Mpt. ~o" .woy,oAm. . $13/l 1 

" I' I IMrntdtaf. ticketing for dtKOolnt Hie"" london., I 
n e. c _ s s a r y 0 r m sAp - , Tel Av:v S 77. '0 Art..nl S .12.80. 10 Iomboy $ I~. I 
pO'lltments may be arranged ,'0 NoOlob; S " 0. lorgo diKoun" on <OIl ond 
b II ' . _nyo ..... I~'".. I y ca tng Jane FIlzgerald or I I FI R MAll COUPON OR PHONE 

o ogers. ext. 2616. . . I Dr"ntfo, t213) 277 . .\200 .. 175.3111 I 
Fred Fruclhelander I looking I <I.S ..... T,a .. l. 9I7Hanto-..... I 

for someone to run the Coast ~ Iovorty Hil,. I 
Crul cr . 'eed some busine s ,--------------------- 1 
experience - hould li ve In Del IsIrMl:. ____________________ 1 
Mar. L ave me . age at I I 
informatIOn center WIth phon ,Otr--------------------I 
number. i I 

SAN DIEGO COMMUNITY CONCOURSE 

Davis Camera 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 Fay 459-7355 
.OX OFFICE OPEN AND MAIL ORDERS PROMPTLY FIllED 

FOR INFORMATION CALL 23f.'~IO 

Page 12 Triton Times Friday, May 21 ,1 971 

Housing 
SHARE THREE BEDROOM TWO 
BATH HOUSE MIRA MESA. CAll 
271-7887 (5/ 21) 
WANTED TO SUBLlASE HOUSE 
OR DUPlEX FOR SUMMER, 
ST ARTING JUNE 10 TWO 
ADULTS A SMAll DOG AND 
CAT. PRla RANGE Of APPROX. 
$100. REF. AVAIL. CALL 
COLlECT 714-626-4298 (5/ 21) 
HOUSE to lhare. Need 1 or 2 
girll or couple Fireplace, ocean 
view, pets welcome. In 
Leucadia. 753-7115 after 6 p.m. 

(5/ 28) 
Personals 

Wanted to buy single 70 scuba 
tank J.M. Dundon x 1354 

(5/21) 
Travel 

Europe Jet Charter Flights. 
Spring Special. March 30 thru 
June 15 - $268. Plul full 
summer program. Call Leslie 
582-90980fter 5. (R) 
EUROPE/ ISRAEL/ EAST AFRICA 
One way and round trip ltudent 
travel discounts. SOFA agent for 
over 2000 inter-European 
Itudent charter flights . 
CONTACT: ISCA 11687 San 
Vincente Blvd., No. 4, LA. 
Calif., 90049. TEL: (213) 826-
5669. (6-4) 
EUROPE CHARTERS. Several 
SChedulel from $250 roundtrip, 
$150 one way. C-dinator: 
ProfellOr Margaret Pool, 247 
Roycroft Long Beach 90803 213-
438-2179. (5-28\ 

CHEAPEST 
JETS TO EUROPE FROM LA AND 
NY. IMMEDIATE ISSUANCE IN-
TNL STUDENT I.D. CAID & 
TICKETING 2000 INTRA· 
EUROPEAN/ ASIAN/ AFRICAN 
CHARTERS, EURAILPASSES. CAR 
PURCHASE AIS RIGHTS No. 
105, 9056 SANTA MONICA, L.A. 
90069 TEL 274-8742 (5/ 28) 
EUROPE: $225-$280. Allo 
ISRAEL and JAPAN Spring and 
Summer flights available call 
755-3990 after 5 p.m., or write 
E.S.E.P. - UCSD 8217 Beverly 
Blvd., Los Angeles, Calif. (6/ 4) 

EUROPEAN TRAVEL while 
earning college credit! ROME, 
VENICE, PARIS, etc. 31 days 
$985, 41 daYI $1095. Up to six 
or more units, plus a good time. 
Larry Johnson, 283-9593 . (R) 
ONE WAY JET FLIGHTS. LA-NY. 
JUNE 18th. $79. FOR INFO CALL 
ALAN OWENS (213) 662-3613. 
(5-25) ~ ~ , 

--:,,/,:.~ . 

LOS lIiCiLBsZLOHbONZfOs AllGi w 
Depart Return Week. COlt 

June 15-- -IIug 15 9 $275 
June 19---IIug 15 8 $275 
June 24---IIug 22 9 $275 
J""e 24---Sep 5 11 $275 

5' J"". n---Sep 13 12 $275 
• LA/London/AJIlterdu 
July 1 ---Sep 3 9 $275 
IIug 17---Sep 19 4 $261 
Sep 5 ---Oct 3 4 $258 

ONE WAY PLIGHTS TO EUROPE 

2£ J",,& 14--LA/London $148 
2C July 26--LA/London $139 
3E Aug B--LA/Madrid/Frank $135 
4E Sep 6 --LA/London $I2J 
5E Sop 12--LA/London $123 

ONE WAY PLIGHTS PROM EUROPE 
IN June 14--AIII.terdaIll/LA $139 
2W Aug 8 --London/LA $139 
3W Sep H--London/ LA $148 

STUDENT ID CARDS 
Ra; 1 Passes 

Available only to Univerlity of 
California atudentl, tacul ty, 
eJl'\Ployeel, extenllon and Aluani 
Hubera p1u. i_diet. tuilie •• 

UNI~~~ 
1007 Broxton Avenue 
Los Angeles 90024 

TELE : 477- 1111 or 473- 4443 

Jobs 
I 

Male Itudents part/ full time, $3 
hr. plul scholarship. Call 224-
2864. {Rl 
DANCERS, PART TIME, GO-GO 
AND BIKINI PLUS SOME 
HOSTESS WORK. Will ATTEND 
PRIVATE aUBS AND SCOIALS, 
TRANSPORTATION PROVIDED. 
GOOD PAY WRITE WITH NAME, 
AGE AND BEST TIME TO BE 
REACHED. DG INTERNATIONAL, 
BOX 10454 SAN DIEGO, CA., 
92110. (5/ 21) 
AMBITIOUS MEN of all tradel 
north to ALASKA and YUKON' 
around $2800 a month. ~ 
complete informatian write to 
JOB RESEARCH, P.O. Box 161 , 
Stn. A, Toronto, Ont: Enclose $3 
to cover cost. ( 6-4) 
HELP WANTED - ORANIC 
INTEWGENT ATTRACTIVE GIRL 
FOR PART TIME POSITION IN 
NORTH COUNTY ART 
EXPERIENa HELPFUL BUT NOT 
NECESSARY CAll ST ANLEY 753-
8805. EVENINGS AnER 8 PM. 

(R) 
STUDENTS INTERESTED IN 
MAKING MONEY CALL ext 1913 
(BALLOT BOX SITTING) 
WANTED SPANISH SPEAKING 
STUDENT PREFERABLY FROM 
MEXICO TO TEACH SPANISH 
CONVERSATION TO LOCAL 
FAMILY. FOUR EVENINGS A 
WEEK IN JUNE AND JULY CALL 
453-7647 EVENINGS. 
Summer job opportunity earn 
over $600 . With Long 
established firm. Call 454-5686 
for appt. (5/ 21 ) 

TIlE HAPPY WANDERER ••• 
LIUJIED IPAJfllII, nEIICB oa GDJUJI 
QVlClU.T, UllLT AJfD lRD'EIIIIVELT ... 

At a Sullivan Language School. Be a 
happy wanderer by trave ling the world with 
a second language at your command. 
Get to really know the people by 
speaking their language. 
It's only common sense. 
And common courtesy. 
Learn Spanish, French or 
German - step·by-step, on 
your own schedule, with a private 
Instructor, at a fract ion the cost of 
most language courses. call your 
nearest Sullivan Language School 
to arrange your first lesson FREE. 
There's no obligation, of course. 
Remember, the bilingual traveler 
Is the happiest wanderer! Get ha~)t)Y'l" •• 

2022 CAMINO on ~IO HOfITH • SAN 01£00 CA nOl I 
2f1 '4 10 

SaUl ... Laapagelchoob 
tH[ fI~ST ~(II()l.UT'OHA_' _OACH TO L[A~NING ' HCOHD LANGUlGl 

AIt ~*"I d,y,Mf'! of lef\tI.,iorll """ch LIbor ......... Ire. 

A"L Y FOR GUARANTEED 
SUMMER JOBS . CASH 
SCHOLARSHIPS AVAILABLE. 
APPI. Y IN BlDG. 250 Me, 11 
A.M., 2 P.M. OR 4 P.M. ONLY. 

(5/ 25) 
JOB- Part or full time, summer 

~ permanent excellent money, 
Increasel. Call Jake at 453·5849 
for appointment. (5/ 21 ) 

Services 
Typing ... Experienced typilt~. 
Term papers, thesel. Eledric 
typewriter. Will do rush jobs. 
453-6835. (R) 
TYPING- EXPERIENCED TYPIST, 
TERM PAPERS, THESES, Will DO 
RUSH JOBS CAll SHEL 453-8460 

(5/ 28) 
FREE U Of SAN DIEGO summer 
selsion Itartl July 1. Free 
teachers welcome to Ihare with 
others any hobby, croft, art, 
spart, expertise or knowledge. 
Please call 454-7319 with title 
description of information yo~ 
wilh to lhare and size of class 
by May 22. Be a frH teacher in 
the FrHU. (5-21) 
TYPING DONE 50 aNTS A 
PAGE WlTH COPY. PHONE DAYS 
488-3496 ASK FOIt NANCY OR 

TRISH. (5-2 11 
II Your Auto Sick or Tired 

Try Jamel Automotive Service 
American and Foreign Cars 
Repairs and Poliutian Cantrol. 
Student Discount 7148 Hershel 
La Jolla (in the rear) 459.918~R) 
typing reasonable ratel call 
.88-3188. (6-4) 
Typing - for accurate Typing on 
electric pica - term papers, 
thesel, manuscripts, etc. Coli 

Mrl. McCroRey 287·1607. (RI 
DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
Ratel. Satisfactian il the end 
product. Helen 459-8888 (R) 
TYPING. RESUMES, LETTERS. 
ALSO TERM PAPERS CAREFUUV 
EDITED AND BEAUTIFULlY 
TYPED. IBM EXEC. CAll 280-
3520 (5/ 25) 

For Sale 
FOR SALE: Photographic strobe, 
batteries or AC, brand new with 
guarantee Reg. $20 only $15. 
Bracht available. Call Mark 
755-3990. (5/ 251 
TWO DAIRY GOATS FOR SALE. 
FEMALE $30, MALE $20 PAIR 
$40. CALL 755-9140 AFTER 5 
P.M. ( /'l1) 
1968 VW SEDAN 50,000 MILES 
RUNS EXCELLENT $1100; 1 'l5 
CHESTERFIELD CARDIFF. 

(5/ 21) 
52 BUICK SPECIAL. WILL SELL AT 
SACRIFICE IF SOON. MAKE 
OFFER. NEW PARTS. 453-8749 

( 5/2!l 
FOR SALE. Sony TC 230, $250 
new now $1 SO. Filher Speakers, 
new $60 ea., now $75 pro 
Garrard T. T. w / Pickeri" 
cartridge, new $60, now $2001 
$230 for Iyltem. Call Ken 01 
Alan 453-8742. 

(5 /~ 
AU l tin-Hea ley Sprite '68, 
24,000 mi. Radiall, excell.nt 
condo MUST SELL $1 ,300. Con 
274-6672. 

NOI1 VIINVDHO 


