
Regents Name CUNY Head 
To Berkeley Chancellorship 

In an interview in New York, Bowker said he 
was "delighted" to accept leadership of what he 
considers to be the greatest institution of higher 
education in - the country. As Berkeley's 
chancellor, he will get an annual salary of 
$47 ,000, an increase of 2,000 over his 
predecessor. 

UCSD's search for a new chancellor, 
meanwhile , seems still up in the air . " We hope 
to appoint someone soon, a we have for some 
months now," Chairman Smith told new men. 
Asked what is holding up an appointment, Smith 
replied, " the selection process." 

continue growing toward a peaK enrollment 
over 200,000. And in apparent acceptance of the 
notion of permanent budget crisis, Hitch's 
report noted that "a return to the relatively 
generous financing that characterized what has 
been called American higher education 's 
'golden decade ' seems unlikely." 

"Today 's student often has less need for the 
traditional , lengthy, formal education which 
may have been designed to train him for a job 
which would remain reasonably stable in its 
demands over a long p riod of time." Hitch's 
statement continued. Graduate tra ining In 
particular, it tated , might have to be curtailed 
in accordance with requirements of the job 
market. 

John Zoller 
Staff Writer 

Albert A. Bowker, an outstanding statistician-
turned-administrator, was named Friday by the 
Regents to take over the chancellorship at 
Berkeley from retiring Roger Heyns. Bowker is 
currently president of the City University of 
New York, a 17-campus system that enrolls 
200,000 students. Under his eight year 
presidency, the system has grown from 110,000 
students in 1963 to become one of the most 
respected institutions in the country. 

Bowker has the enthusiastic endorsement of a 
faculty-student search committee on the 
Berkeley campus. President Hitch, still 
hospitalized after suffering chest pains on 
Thursday, wrote, " We are most fortunate that a 
search of this magnitude begun in the middle of 
the fall quarter could be completed by the 
spring quarter with the selection of such an 
eminently qualified individual. " 

Chairman of the Regents William French 
Smith said Bowker was selected for his 

effectiveness in dealing with people, his 
devotion to academic excellence, and his 
"administrative firmness in handling with 
sensitivity the problems that a great university 
faces ." Smith denied that Bowker was chosen 
primarily because he is considered a tough 
administrator capable of dealing with student 
unrest. 

'Open Admissions' Policy at CUNY 

As president of CUNY, Bowker attracted 
much attention in recent years with his "open 
admissions" policy . Resulting in a significant 
increase in the enrollment of Black and Puerto 
Rican students, the policy has not, according to 
Bowker, compromised traditional educational 
standards. 

Regent Smith said the Board had discussed 
Bowker 's open admissions policy with him " in 
great length," and is satisfied that Bowker's 
educational philosophy is consistent with its 
own. 

The search for a new UCSD chancellor has 
now taken longer than any other in the 
University 's history. . 

"There is a strong conservative faction at 
UCSD, " Regent William Coblentz told the SA 
DIEGO U ION , "and every time somebody is 
suggested there 's a lot of pressure against them 
unless it 's another con ervative." 

Revision of Academic Master Plan Underway 

Earlier, the Regents heard reports on the 
effort currently underway to revise UC's 
academic master plan in light of changing 
demographic , budgetary and societal 
requirements. 

On the basis of 1970 census returns and the 
growth of Junior colleges since 1960, President 
Hitch reported that University enrollment will 
reach 140,000 by 1980, and begin a slow decline 
after that. Previously, UC was expected to 

The Regent were told that thorough and 
highly centralized planning will be needed to 
deal with these changed condition . otably, the 
idea of a general campus, with each offering the 
broadest range of undergraduate and 
professional training, may be revised to prevent 
" unnecessary replication" of programs. 

The Regents were al 0 told by UC Santa Cruz 
chancellor Dean McHenry that fire damage to 
that campus ' administration building two weeks 
ago would not run over $650,000, de pite 
some press reports as high as 3 milEon . Cause 
of the blaze has now been as igned to an 
electrical hort in a lamp cord under a sofa in 
the reception area of the chancellor ' office. 0 
evidence of either an explosive device or an 
accelerant was found , according to a report b 
the state fire mar hal' s office. 

triton ti 
Volume 13, NumH, 1 

Paul Kaufman 

Tired of Political Games 

University 01 California, San Diego Tuesday, April 20, 1911 

AS Election Campaign 

Ritter, Siegel Run on Sex Platform 
Carl Neiburger do we get in trouble for , and if their necks out. " pairs," he replied , "it goes 

City Editor we're legitimized our goal is to When asked whether they back to this posseSSion , 
Brian Ritter and Mark S. do the things we do normally, would be imposing on some ownership, capita)jst type. It 

Siegel are running for AS the things we should be able to people, Ritter replied , "we becomes complicated when 
President and Vice-President do without the hassle." would never take advantage of more than two are doing it 
on a platform of free sex. His desire, he says, is to aid anybody. The things we do we together at the same instant. 
Ritter told the TRITON TIMES students in overcoming their do to make the people but (when done in a group ) the 
he is running "because it's inhibitions and expressing themselves open up. We go out atmo phere can become more 
fun ." themselves. " UCSDhasalarge of the way to give them the of a co mmunal t yp e 

In a TRITO TIMES number of repressed females, opportunity." atmosphere. an ind ividual 
interview given Friday night as much more so than males," he either of the two use drugs meeting with other individual 
Ritter, Siegel, and several observed. Besically the biggest nor is their campaign rather than one individual 
friends prepared for an orgy. hangup is no girl wants to be concerned with drugs, Ritter meeting with their property. 
they explained they feel that first. " said . Explaining their Among his project , Ri tter 
much unhappiness among the Siegel added. "a lot of people preoccupation with sex, he aid he would like to create 
student body is cau ed by would like to do a lot of things if noted , "sex and fun go hand in free dorm where tudent who 
sexual frustration. "Sex is the only omeone would take the ·hand. It's the most natural fun wished to u them could eat 
most important thing outside of initiative and get'em to do it 0 thing to do." and sleep for nothing. He say 
straight survival," Ri tter said , t~ey don 't alw~ys have to .be Why , ~rgie ? Ritter . w~s (Continued on page 7) 
"and that's why people are first , they don t have to slick asked . When they do It In 
unhappy here. Why? Because . ;.; .:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':~:i: 

th~~~~ '!:;I~~~~d '~e wishes to III TT -I n va d ed by K n 1° 9 h ts 1° n Arm 0 r III get elected in order to ::: ::: 
accomplish his goals while ::: :::. 
avoiding administrative ::: .' :::' 
hassles: "A lot f the things we ::: In the midst of the usual :::. 

::: chao involved in produring the ::: 
::: TRITO TIME ' Friday, the ::: 

Kaufman: Build AS into 
Self-Supporting Community 

::: TT ' office was invaded by the ::: 
::: group pictured here from ::: 
::: the San Diego State ociety for :::. 
::: Creative Anachronism. The ::: 
::: Society demanded of our :::' 
::: beleaguered news department ::: 
::: at pear-point . that we ::: 
::: publicize their upcoming :::' 

Barbara Simon 
Staff Writer 

' 'I'm tired of political games and manuevers',' 
say A.S. presidential candidate Paul 
Kaufman. The debate over voluntary versu 
mandatory student A.S. fee comes from a 
difference in philosophie. he says. Hi 
philosophy is that the present organization 
shou ld provide the "groundwork for a self-
upporting community." 
Kaufman lists the first step as creating an off-

campus student corporation. The board of 
directors or whatever body directs the 
corporation would have A.S. council members 
on it. Money to e tabli h a financial base could 
b rai ed by howing movies as the Del Mar 
A ociation doe ,says Kaufman. 

tUmate (ioal : Ehminate Fees 
The funds would be u ed to develop and 

expand non-profit service such a a stud nt-
owned record store, a food tore, and stud nt 
insurance, Kaufman adds. He explains that the 
ultimate goal of the self-supporting community 
is the elimination of A.S. fees . 

The econd phase, which Kaufman ee a 
long-term , would be the incorporation of the 
A.S. itself. If the A.S. were a separate body, it 

could negotiate with the Regents and decisions 
would come from the courts instead of the 
Regents. 

Another plan Kaufman wishes to implement 
is the hiring of an admini trator to work full 
time for the A .. Kaufman explains that the 
general student turnover makes it difficult to 
" win I ng-term battle ." 

" If students are going to be repre ented they 
must be represented all the time." says 
Kaufman. In other words . when a student 
graduates who i working on a project, uch a 
Mark EI on with the campu radio tation (to 
gain an FM p rmill , the project may low down 
or terminate. A full-time repre entative cou ld 
carry a proj ct from year to year. Kaufman 
believes. 

To Communi ate Better with tudent. 
" Many i ue bing rais d in the present 

campaign wouldn't exi t if th 
communicated b Her with tud nt ," state 
Kaufman. For example, the ommi sion of 
Public Relation hould provide both th 
student and th outside community with 
information con erning tud nt and campu 
activitie , h ay . 

(Continued on page 7) 

::: appearance on the R velle ::: 
::: Plaza, which will take place :::' 
::: tomorrow ' afternoon between • ::: 
::: 12 and 1 in the forr . ::: 
::: of a tournament -fighting ::: 
::: demonstration, pon 'ur d by ::: 
::: the Triton Wargaming So i ty. ::: 
::: We hurriedly decided that it .. ::: 
::: would be in our be tint re t • .::: 
::: to comply with their demand . .' I::: 
::: The So iety for Creative ::: 
::: nachroni m, with about 6000 I, ::: 
.. " . .. 
::: m mber in the Uni~ed tate , ., ::: 
::: anada and 1exi o. wa ... :. 
::: found d about -ix year ago for ::: I. . ., 
::: the expr s purpo e of keepmg ::: 
::: the medieval art alive. Th ::: 
:::. 0 i t y ham e m b e r ::: 
:::: intere ted 10 all a pe t of ::: 
::: medi val life : dancing . ::: 
:::. in in , arts and craft , war ::: 
::: art . 0 tume . weaving and ::: 
::: cooking. 0 memb r hip fe i '.::.::.: 
::: ne ded to jom. Th only 
::: requirement i a co tum from l~: 
::: a pre-16th entury p riod . ::: 

:;::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:':':':':':':':':I:':':':':':;:':':;;':':':;:~':;:;:':':.:.:.:.:;:=:::.:.:;:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:;:.:.:.:.:.:,:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:,:.:.:.:.:.:~:: 



Physi ians Find Nerve Disease Test the first. The new test has been used in the past year for a IIImber of pregnant mothers who had previously borne a child with this 
disease. In all cases the diagnoses made from the results of the 
test have been correct. These diagnoses were confirmed upon 
assay with either the aborted fetus tissues or the sera from 
newborns. This has been an invaluable aid in assuring these 
parents that their babies will not be afflicted with this genetic 
neurometabolic disorder. 

Marie W. Siege' 
Sloff Writer 

With the 'Cievelf)pment of a new test for a genetic neuro-
metabolic disorde ~, two UCSD medical school physicians have 
greaUy enhanced man's control of neurological diseases 
involving severe mental retardation. 

Drs. John O'Brien and Shintaro Okada, both of the 
Department of Neurosciences, recently announced the 
development of a test that can diagnose Tay-Sachs disease in 
children before birth. 

Tay-Sachs is a hereditary disease in which a specific enzyme 
responsible for metabolizing a special lipid is missing. While 
this trait is widespread throughout the world , almost 90 of 
the cases diagnosed are of children whose parents are of 
Askenazi Jewish origin. Their ancestors came from the 
Russian-Polish border area. One child out of 3600 born of 
Ashkenazi parents will have Tay Sachs, while (or non-Jews the 
incidence is one in 360,000. 

The specific enzyme missing in the patients with Tay-Sachs 
disease is hexosaminidase A, responsible for metabolizing the 
lipid called GM2 ganglioside. With this enzyme missing, the 
ganglioside accumulates inside nerve cells as much as 300 
times normal. Finally it takes up all the space within the cell 
walls, thus destroying the nerve function. 

SYMPI'OMS APPEAR AT SIX MONTHS 
This accumulation begins as soon as nervous tissue develops 

in the fetus , but does not appear symptomatically until six 
months after birth. At that time parents usually notice a 
slowing of motor develOPment. From then on it is a spiral 
downhill . As the nervous system generates, the children lose 

, all coordination and ~Ome progressively deaf and blind , until 
, they lie in vegetable state , Death usuallY,comes between the 

ages of two and four from bronchopneumoma. 
While there is no cure seen in the near future, Dr. Okada 

notes that prevention of the disease is most important. There 
are two important tests for this purpose. One is the serum 
hexosaminidase assay, which can be carried out with only 0.10 
ml. of serum. The person who carries the trait of Tay-Sachs 
disease can be detected because he has low hexosaminidase A 
activity. This information is important since there is a 25 
chance that a child will be born with Tay-Sachs disease if both 
parents are carriers of this enzyme defect. 

The other test is the prenatal diagnosis. Amniocentesis, a 
procedure where some of the amniotic fluid is removed safely 

from the uterus, is carried out at 12 to 16 weeks of pregnancy to 
detennine whether or not a baby in utero has the normal 
pattern for hexosaminidase. If the fetus is found to have this 
enzyme deficiency, the attending physician ,ca,n rec,omme~d a 
safe therapeutic abortion. 5 to 10 ml. of amnIotiC flUid prOVides 
enough material for an enzyme assay. The enzyme is found in 
the amniotic fluid and cells floating in the fluid that are known 
to be derived from fetal skin. Some portion of the cells are also 
cultured to carry out a second assay to confirm the findings of 

Screening prospective parents,especially those of Ashkenazi 
Jewish origin, would help in controlling this disease. While no 
general screening is planned, thre are two screening projects 
of Jews now in progress in Baltimore and Montreal. 

Resident Students' Loss 

Revelle Sundry Store Theft Losses 
Fo ~~ ~~g ~.~,re . Sec u !'~t!Y.h' ~~~2!.~ ~~~ ""'. will 

. Ye· Ed't The check cashing service Board. Manager Zem feels that hopefully help to pay the salary AssoClote Ity 1 or , t tud t d 't I ' f th t d t employee instituted as a convenience for m?s s ~n s on rea .lze 0 . e s u en . 
A continuing rise in 

shoplifting, resulting in a loss 
of income, has forced the 
Revelle Sundry Store to make 
some significant operational 
changes. Within the week, 
according to store manager 
Carol Zeni , a service charge of 
10 cents will be levied on all 
checks that are cashed in the 
store . Additionally , 
greater security measures are 
being instituted with further 
measures under consideration. 

Stolen merchandise , 
according to Zeni and Tom 
Hull, dean of Revelle College, 
now constitutes 15 per cent of 
the store's total inventory. This 
figure coincides wi th a t wo-
three per cent loss in a normal 

students who did not want to thiS, and thmk that by steahng cashmg ch~~s. Suggesti~ns 
walk to Matthews to cash from the' store they are such as the hIrln.g of a ~uflty 
check,is now costing the store actually stealing from the UC gu.ard and the mstallaUon of 
$200 a month in wages for an Regents. The store, operated mirrors to combat tl!efts, have 
employee to' work full time as a convenience to resident been ~esisted by the student 
cashing checks. The store is and commuter students, was clerks m the store. . 
now cashing 125 to 200 checks a also hoped to hel~ lower donn Students are pr~senUy be mg 
day. Few students cashing costs. Any profit the . store told ~ leave their books ~nd 
checks in the store are making makes goes to the . ReSidence belongmgs on a shelf oU~lde 
any purchases with their cash Hall Boards and IS thereby the store before entermg. 
as hoped, thereby further passed along to the resident Additionally, Miss Zeni warned 
reducing the store's income. student In the form of lower that she and her clerks know 

In an effort to stop these dorm costs . Conversely, the some of the students wh? have 
income losses the store's hours store 's losses will not be stolen from the store iii the 
of operation have been cut this underwritten by any University past, and they are watching 
year. Miss Zeni says 'lha t she monies! but will com,e out of these and all ~ther st~dents 
would like to mainlain the the reSidents students pockets very closely. Miss Zem feels 
current hours if the store could in the form of higher donn that if the !befts could be 
be financially in the black by fees . stopped, and the store could 
July 1. The operational changes!n rise out of the red, "we co~d 

The store is owned and the store were made In run a break-even operatIOn 
consultation with the Residence without decreasing hours , 
Hall Broad, Zeni and her 12 student help and increasing 
student emploOyees. The 10 cent prices." 

BUT SOFT, WHAT SALE THROUGH YONDER WINDOW BREAKS? 

THE SOUND FREAKS SELL STEREO SYSTEMS 
AT PRICES FOUND ONLY AT DOW SOUND CITY 

THE SYSTEM 330 
This stereo recipe begins with the Nikko 301 - a 40·watt solid state FM-AM-Multi-
plex receiver (wa lnut case optional) . , , add two super DSC II speaker systems 
with a frequency response of 30 Hz to 20 ,000 Hz, a 12" diameter bass spea.ker, a 
6" diameter midrange speaker, and a 3" diameter super tweeter enclosed In fur-
niture-quality walnut. Then add the BSR 310X automatic changer with a dust cover 
and base . , . top it off with a deluxe set of DSC stereo headphones and you can 
tu rn on stereo, 

Retail price $527.90 
Dow Sound City price 329.75 

You I • .,e 198.15 
- -

FREE! $20.00 stereo earphones with any purchase of $70.00 or m.or. and this adl 
Easy Te' s - Trade-Ins Accepted - The Sound Freaks Honor Master Charge, BankAmericard and Money. 

WIN A SYLVANIA STEREO CONSOLE! GET FREE ENTRY BLANKS AT 

'1)o!,,~~~,~t;y 

TO. UfL. 
nrnr .. D TO TRY ! 

FASHION VALLEY EAST, SAN DIEGO 
PHONE : 291 -5595 

1,.Mrel 
Ifill· Jlelllill 

AlElelES 3686 EL CAJON BOULEVARD, SAN DIEGO 
PHONE : 283-2325 

Other stole loca lions are: Pasadena, Goleta and Oxnard 

P.ge 2 Triton Tim .. Tu~V, Apt'iI20, 1971 

Program Boord Completing Development 
Debbie Montgomery 

Stoff Writer 

Entertainment sponsored through the 
University has become more concerned with 
the students since the formation of the Campus 
Programming Board last spring. "The effort 
has been to provide the campus with what is 
believed to be entertainment first for the 
student but with the University community in 
mind," stated Diane Annala , associate dean of 
student affairs and co-chairman of the Board . 

The Board was appointed as an interim 
measure by former chancellor Will iam McGill 
after problems stemming from last year 's 
Santana concert. The CPB has partially merged 
with and replaced the Arts and Lectures Board 
which was formed when students at UCSD were 
few and entertainment was mainly for the 
faculty and !-a Jolla. It was dissolved when 
funds were cut from the state budget. The CPB 
operates on student registration fees, funds 
allocated by the AS Programming Board, and a 

After two quarters of setting itself up and at 
the same time planning for the campus, the 
Board has reached what seems to be the final 
format. According to Vice-Chancellor George 
Murphy , there have been " more reports Qf 
difficulty than actual difficulty." The board is 
made up of an equal number of students and 
non-students. The proposed term length is two 
years for each Jllember with a staggered set-up 
so that half the board always has one year of 
experience. 

The Board has three main function s, It is a 
scheduling agency and prevents conflict of 
events. It co-sponsors events, sometimes using 
AS funds. Lastly, it initiates, sponsors and funds 
events on its own. 

small endowment. " 

According to Miss Annala, the Board can 
provide access to previously inaccess i ble funds 
for groups such as BSU and MECHA and 
individuals wishing to sponsor events, The 1971-
72 budget is currently being planned and the 
Board is willing to consider any proposals. 
Proposals should be put in writing and 
submitted to the Board. Alter threateDiDl our pbotograpber witb tbe above ratber menacing appearing weapons, tbe 

medieval people for tbe Society for Creative Anachronism tbeD previewed a bit of tbeir 
demonstration for Wednesday . . 

Barbaro Simon 
Stoff Writ.r 

Sinot, Muir Issues Program Critic 
Joi ns Discussion leaders Workshop 

all affect the impact of the class upon a experience . 

An outspoken critic of the 
Contemporary Issues program, Joseph 
F. Sinnott, former president of the San 
Diego Gas and Electric Company , 
joined the C.I. discussion leaders ' 
workshop in the Mandeville Suite on 
Monday evening . Provost Stewart 
explained in an interview with the TT 
that Sinnott first became concerned 
about the Contemporary Issues program 
when he saw a partial list of books to be 
read in some of the discussion sections. 

When asked by a student if he had read 
the booklist in DIMENSION, Sinnott 
replied that "for the record I have never 
read DIMENSION." Provost Stewart 
suggests that the list which Sinnott saw 
was a version of that which appeared in 
DIMENSION in the form of a letter to 
the editor in the EVENING TRIBUNE 
on Nov. 4, 1970. 

Stewart told the TRITON TIMES that 
Sinnott had expressed his concern about 
the booklist to Chancellor York. " Out of 
Sinnott 's discussions with Dr. York and 
later with myself came the invitation to 
visit the workshop meeting," says 
Stewart. 

"Frankly, I was surprised at the list of 
books from last year," Sinnott said to 
the gathered sophomores, juniors, and 
seniors who sat on couches and the floor 
around the Mandeville Suite lounge 
Monday evening. 

He elaborated that the book list 
seemed biased toward the radical side 
of the political spectrum. 

Teacbers, Booldisl. Inseparable 
One reply to Sinnott was that one 

cannot separate a book list from the 
teacher who deals with the course. In 
other words, the approach to the subject 
material, and the additional- resources 

-

stUdent. The freshmen have a great amount of 
Sinnott agreed with the students that choice in , course selection, added 

community resources and other som~Jne In suppo~t of "the C. ~ . 
information sources outside tbe requirement. He contInued, you don t 
UniverSity can broaden the learning know what your problems are as a 
experience for students. He mentioned freshman." 
the fact that professors can become A student who will be a discussion 
limited in their outlook. leader next year said that "C. I. to me is 

Through evaluati'on of the deciding what you really want. " She 
Contemporary Issues arrangement continued that the course title of the 
whereby undergraduates have control class she will teach is "Contemporary 
over the direction of classes, Sinnott Issues." 
sees two sepal'ate functions of the " Mr. Sin~ott , why do you object to C.1. 
program. The first is orientation, and the as a reqUired course , ~nd not other 
second function is the attempt to learn required other courses? came another 
about contemporary issues outside of questIOn from the students. SlDnott 
the academic community, he said. replied that he was not familiar with the 

The response of several students to other required courses at Muir College 
Sinnott pointed to the value of having an and so could not comment. 
undergraduate teach the C. I. course. 'It Provost Stewart c~uckled that ':1 
is a different feeling to have the class can't help reflect that If we look at thiS 
taught by an upperclassman, because a group, most of you were aga in~~ 
professor is much more removed from requirements before the workshop. 
the freshmen ," commented one student. Laughter greeted his comment and 

Another comment was that although Provost Stewart added that both plan IB 
C,r. is a means of orientation to the and plan 11 , which he presented before 
University, it also involves a great deal the Muir College ~aculty conc.erning 
of academic work , The student used the future degree reqUirements, did not 
class he took as an example, because a include C.r. 
research paper and other reports were "Not Wortb a Damn" 
required assignments. After an intensive one-and-a-half 

Sbould C.I. Be a Required Course? ~ours of group discussion, Si~nott said, 
" Mr.' Sinnott, if you were teaching C.r. Let, me pomt ?~t one . thmg about 

how would you arrange it?" asked a requl~ed courses. Drawmg upon hiS 
student. Sinnott, a Harvard graduate of experIence as ~? e~glD~r , Smnott 
1929 replied that he "would not have commented that engIneering students 
C.r. ~equired ." who ~ not have br~ader c~rses such as 

Provost Stewart raised the question Engbsh and p,ubhc s~eakmg are not 
that " if C.r. is not required , how many w?~th a damn. 
freshmen would take it?" One student In order for a student to get the 
comment was that the freshmen do not broad ~penence, per~aps cou~~es. must 
know the value of the course in advance. be required. . .I don t know, Smnott 
Other students, who have all taken the concluded. He later commented to Dr. 
course previously, agreed with the ~Ia Schwartz tha~ he was very pleased 
personal value of C.I. in their learning Wlt~ .the student~ enthuslasmc about 

their Involvement In the C.r. program._ If 
,.. ........... Io_cydn 

--".,-,.,. 
EMPLOYMENT 

OPPORTUNITIES 
Twill,lIt lie., 
$1.25 

yoor, ............. _ .. - .... 
... ~fIts .. ,.. 

N ......... ,.lls 
St., in anti see John 

PAClr~C 
Y~MAKA 

1SiI I" •• t IVI 
l,lcific •• H' 411·1555 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F St. 

PAYS DONORS 
for services 
Tues. thru Sot. 

233-1328 

CAlIFOR"I~·ARIZO"A· H~W~11 
Proluol ... I/ T...... pOI/tl... ,.,. 
.. 0", ... il.bI. I. .11 lilkls. F.. I 
.... 111' ... "",,Ipti .. _Ininl ..... 
*-II .f cur""t openinlS . . . In' 
JOBS In lIN SUII '. pr .... locIIoiq •• 
til IIndinl ,.. jo.! Solis!"'i .. 
... "._. Stnd $9 I.: inlle_ 

P.O. IOIIU 
CAlIFOIIIIIA NU7 

till 
,:01 

York Puts Down ARM in Washington 
Chancellor York 's expertise on nuclear weapons and defense 

systems will be consulted once again by the Senate Armed 
Services Committee in Washington today. 

Dr. York 's statement to the committee, released today to the 
TRITON TIMES, addresses itself principally to evaluating the 
"credibility" of US deterrent forces and the areas of need for 
anABM. 

In the 14 page report Dr. York expresses strong confidence 
with the present deterrent force , in particular the Polaris and 
Poseidon nuclear sub force which he lauds as a " highly 
credible deterrent. " York points out the heavy expense of 
installing an ABM system and the fact that the improvement to 
the nation 's defense system would probably not be worth the 
mone , 

LOW LOW RATES 
D. RAKOW 
BY APPT ONLY 
281-4586 

HYPNOSIS 
TECHNICIAN-CONSULTANT 

SMOKING-WEIGHT-MEMORY 
NERVES-CONFIDENCE 

INSOMNIA·SElF HYPNOSIS 

AtucSan~, 
PSAI~ 
entSlneet 

152 dines a day. 

Th at's how many times PSA connects San Diego with Los An-
geles, Hollywood-Burbank, Ontario, Long Beach. Oakland, San 
Francisco , Sacramento, and San Jose. WIIM lowest air fares, 

Me~t your campus rep halfway. Or your travel agent. Or PSA . 
PSAgIves,. a 1ft. 

AT THE COffEE HUT 
WEDNESDAY NIGHT 

MOVIES 
(FREE) 

P.S. WE HAVE RECEIVED WORD 
THAT YORK IS A BIG CHEESE 

A TURKEY PLUS A LITTLE PIG (BACON) 

Tuesd.V. April 20, 1971 Triton Time. Pag.3 



* •••••• l ••••••••••••••••••••••••• 
ELECTIONS 

••••••••••••••• * ••••••••••••••••• 

Karl & Hubert ·& 
'Paul & Dick & 
Diddo & George: 
a Rerun Comedy 

Ah! from the tiniest of acorns the 
mightiest oaks doth grow. Nearly all big 
time politicians get their start and learn 
their trade in the small time arenas of 
backwater elections. Let us consider, for 
example, the case of San Diego City 
Councilman John " Mike" Schaefer, who 
was recently found " not guilty" of bribery 
and conspiracy charges by a jury of his 

peer~ . Mr. Schaefer has b~n active in all 
kinds of politics since his graduation from 
Mission Bay High School. In his collegiate 
days, after transferring from Notre Dame 
in 1958, Republican Schaefer took the 
University of California at Berkeley by 
storm. He rushed the fraternities (which in 
that pre-FSM era were the centers of 
campus power ), sponsored films , and 
worked on the ASUCB Master Plan 
project. 

All this effort brought him his reward, a 
seat on the 1959 Executive Committee, the 
precursor of today 's AS government. After 
doing his time at law school (Georgetown ), 
'politician Schaefer was elected in 1965 to 
the San Diego City Council , from whence 
he ran unsuccessfully for Congress in 1968 
and for District Attorney in 1970. And 
Councilman Schaefer is still a young man 
of great promise- we can undoubtedly 
expect bigger and better things yet to 
come. 

If Mission Bay High can produce such a 
community leader in this best log-cabin-to-
the-presidency tradition, surely we at 
UCSD have in our midst potential political 
figures of national magnitude. Since our 
own presidential contest is sha ping up to be 
a three-way match , a projection of the 
candidates and their appearances might 
look like this: 

KARL KEATING 
The Politics of Joy 

TbeStyle: 

Candidate Keating addressed the Torrey 
Pines Kiwanis Club last night, declaring 

that his election would benefit area 
businessmen by bringing in defense 
contracts and jobs, and might even bring 
back order and discipline to campus 
through his own courageous example. 
Later Keating's journal of opinion 
("circulation 9000," on a campus of 6000 
students>printed the full text of the speech, 
and ran a signed editorial by Jim Sills 
deploring the reticence of the other 
candidates to approach the real issues, and 
their reluctance to offer any new platform 
beyond " more dances and concerts ." 
Keating was photographed pinning the 
Valley Forge Freedom Medal on Professor 
Jack Douglas, and announced that in the 
interest of ecology he was giving up his 
powerful Ford Mustang for a used 
Maverick. 

Tbe Speech: 

" My fellow Americans, distinguished 
administrators, honored faculty , and you 
students. I would like to say that in these 
years of campus strife and public anxiety 
about what goes on at the nation 's learning 
institutions, the mettle of our generation, 
or indeed, that of our very country is being 
tested. And might I say that as this 
America is tested, that once again we 
give our testament to Americ~ . ~nd I do 
not think it is sentimental nor IS It cheap, 
but I think it is true that each and everyone 
of us in our own way should .once more 
reaffirm to ourselves and our posterity 
that we love this nation , we love America! 

"There is now and there always has been 
a temptation for those in fear to unleash 
the darkest powers of the human heart on 
the shining edifices that we are proud to 
call the universities of the United States of 
America . 

" But may I remind you that it was the 
labor of thousands of our countrymen, 
devoted to lifetimes of higher purpose , that 
has here achieved the twin goals of justice 
and reality. 

" Are we to throw this away with one 
fi ery blast of negativism? Are we to ask 
that the labor and sacrifices of those gone 
by be in vain ? Are we to abandon all we 
have gained at the first sign of despair ? 

" My answer is no ! my friends , not now, 
not ever ! I know that this must be your 
a nswer too . We shall vigorously defend the 
integrity of these institutions, and 
especially that of this institution, through 
work , through vigilance, and through an 

aggressive offense. 
" But I commit myself, body, soul and 

mind, to this proposition of that prophet , 
martyr and friend, John Kennedy, who said 
" Violence breeds more violence: disorder 
destroys, and only in order can we build ." 

"We stand now at the end of an era and 
at the beginning of a new day- an end to 
the days of violence and student misrule ; a 
beginning of reasonableness, rationalism, 
and joy. We will find joy once more in 
books, joy in penCilS , joy in this institution, 
and finally , joy in a new politics and 
leadership. And if I may close as that 
remarkable political sage, Adolf Calhoun, 
did so long ago, I declare and demand " All 
power to the voters! " 

The Press Conference: 

The Gentlemen of the Press question 
Mr. Keating: 

Question : " Mr. Keating, Are you a 
virgin?" 

An wer : " None of your goddam 
business. That's 'goddam ,' spelled G-
O-D-D-A-M. not 'Goddamned' with a 
capi tal G." 

Question : " What do you think of 
sex? " 

Diddo and Geo e 
Answer: "Frequently. Sex is fine 
its place, whatever that is. " 

Question: " Do you plan to run 
any public office after gradua 
from UCSD? " 

Answer : " No, but I'd like to go 
pOlitics. I'd like to manage someone 
campaign." 

The Press: " Thank you, 
Keating. " 

and a half-dozen curious dogs. 
address the candidate 

everyone who votes for him 
receive free pickles from the Coffee 
and a year's subscription to the 

TIMES (which endorsed him last 
and will be eligible for a drawing of 
from Soundsville. 

friends- and I do consider you my 
students, ladies and 

_
______________ I"!:::~· Standing here today I can look 

over the years and recall the time 
this campus was but a collection of PAUL KAUFMAN 

The Politics of Experience 

The Style: 

huts and Mar ine barracks. It was 
with only the rhythmic cadence 

men and the gentle growls of 
sentry dogs disturbing the quiet 
olla sun. 
came this campus, growing a 

at first , then by leaps and bounds, 
Candidate Kaufman hosted a tpl"vl~.lnll.1 the Eucalyptus trees rang with the 

documentary Sunday night that of building and work . Later the 

"It is another voice, it is a quiet voice in 
the tumult of shouting. It is the voice of the 
great majority of Americans, the forgotten 
Americans, the non-shouters , the non-
demonstrators. They 're not racist or sick ; 
they're not guilty of the crime that plagues 
the land; they are black, they are white; 
they're native-born and foreign-born; 
they're young and old . 

" They work in American factories , they 
run American businesses. They serve in 
government; they provide most of the 
soldiers who die to keep it free. They give 
drive to the spirit of America . They give 
lift to the American dream. They give steel 
to the backbone of America. 

"They're good people. They're decent 
people; they work and they save and they 
pay their taxes and they care. 

" But these people, these Americans, 
cannot and should not be expected to bear 
the burden of an irresponsible academy, to 
support an institution that bites the very 
hand that feeds it. Let me say now that my 
administration would stand for responsible 
student government, responsive to the 
needs of all those with an interest in this tour of UCSD's physical plant faci came, bringing with them 

and a glance into George Murphy's and a thirst for knowledge that University's development. " 
chambers. The candidate explained greater progress yet to come, 
his experience within the current name of this institution rang 
government enables him to better across the land. Tbe Press Conference: 
with the UCSD Superstructure. At a a darkness has overshadowed this 
held Monday noon at Revelle and this land. It is a darkness of 
Kaufman was endorsed by and of crisis, of fear and 
diverse as Tom Shepard, Jeff of rioting and shouting. 
and Michael "Heavy" Palcic. The , let us look at this land in another 
size was estimated by campus police to let us listen to another voice. 

The Gentlemen of the Press Question 
Mr . Kaufman : 

Question : " Mr. Kaufman, are you a 
virgin? " 

Answer: "No way." 

Question : " What do you think of 
sex? " 

Answer : " I can really dig it. If I 
didn 't have classes I could spend 
more time doing it. " 

Question : " Do you plan to run for any 
public office after graduation from 
UCSD?" 

Answer : " That 's too far into the 
future- I haven't structured my life 
like that at this point. " 

The Press : " Thank you, 
Kaufman ." 

DIDDO CLARK 
The Politics of Ecstacy 

Mr . 

me say to you , let me say to you today, 
there are certain kinds of people I am 
against. I'm against those people who 
would tear down what the boys at Anzio 
and Corrigedor and Iwo Jima built up. I'm 
against those people who would hand this 
great country over part and parcel to the 
Communists . And I'm against those 
traitors who would tie the hands of the 
PhYSics and IPAPS Departments from 
protecting the ational Security of our 
nation . 

" Speaking of tying hands, let me say to 
you today tha t when I'm elected there 
won't be any of them smut peddlers that 
ca ll themselves journa lists . We 'll see a 
new dimension at this insti tution, we 'll see 
times where people only talk about the 
good things that make this cou ntry strong 
and powerful. 

" And let me say this about hippies and 
radicals at this campus : if a ny of them 
demonstrators lay down in front of my 
bicycle, that' ll be the last bicycle they' ll 

________________ ever lay down in front of! They talk about 

Tbe Style: 

Candidate Clark , in her most flamboyant 
appearance to date , rode her dayglo-
painted bicycle around the ledges of 
UCSD 's Central Research Library, to , in 
her words, " dramatize the need for more 
student participation in the school's 
window-washing activities ." Her 
campaign team, the Harui Project 
(" Harui"-how a computer spells her 
middle name " Harvi" ) has been busily 
engaged in redecorating the dormitory 
area with little sharp-toothed sheep that 
carry the notation " Dote for Vitto." Miss 
Clark has been endorsed by Cement 
Masons and Finishers Union, Local 89 , by 
the San Diego Art Gallery Association , a nd 
by the two Herbs, York and Marcuse, for 
her efforts in their behalf. 

The Speech : 

" Ma fellow Americuns, let's talk about 
how it 's gonna be when Ah am ilected 
president. Let 's talk about law 'n' order. 
Let's talk about a place where you can send 
your kids to get an education , a place to 
train 'em to get a good job. Let's talk 
about a place where you and I couldn 't 
afford to go when we were their age, where 
we weren 't fortunate enough to grow up at. 

" Now I have been accused of . being 
against certain kinds of people at these 
places, these palaces of pointy-head 
pseudo-intellectualism nowadays. Well , let 

DISCLAIMER 

four-letter words. I know a couple of four-
letter word s that they 'll never hear of : 
W-O-R-K and S-O-A-P ! 

" When I'm elected president we'll have 
no more of this permiSSiveness, no more 
riots, no more attacks on chancellors or 
council members or artists or cement 
masons. What we 'll have is a decent 
society, a better University , and a lot less 
of " them" around. Thank y'a ll , rna friends , 
and please remember the sloga n of my 
candidacy : " I just want to help." 

The Press Conference : 

The Gentlemen of the Press question 
Miss Clark : 

Question : " Miss Clark , are you a 
vi rgin? " 

Answer : " I was a virgin for nineteen 
years. " 

Question : " What do you think of 
sex? ,. 

Answer : " As soon as I had sex . 1 
thought- wow- there's no virtue in 
being a virgin!" 

Question : " Do you plan to run for any 
public offi ce after graduation from 
UCSD ?" 

Answer : ' 'I'd like to." 

The Press : "Tha nk you , Miss Clark ." 

The story you have just read is cbanged, only 
the names are t rue to protect the innocent. 

Article By 
Jay Gil/ette 
Arls Writer 

"OLIVER" 

SATURDAY 
APRIL 24th 

IN THE GYM 
" HERBIE 

HANCOCK" 
If you can drive it, 

weill insure it 
for less. 

FREE DANCE 
REVELLE CAFETERIA 

SOLIP STATE 
FRIDAY 23 APRIL 

9-1 

SATURDAY NIGHT f ilMS 
INGMAR BERGMAN'S 

WILD STRAWBERRIES 
AND 

-------
rSCHEDULED AIRLINEl 

I I 
., 
'IX/{, 'nIIA'TM 

S4,£6~ 
~S~NP'P() 
7fr31:l.0 

AND 

THOMAS & SUSAN 

ADMISSION 3.50 
FRI - SAT - SUN 

OPENS 8PM 

I CHA RTER FLIGH TS I ~========:::::::::::::::., 
I C AL L ON DO N AO UN OT .,' I TIlE HAPPY WANDERER ••• 

TICKE'fS $2.00 UCSD STUDENTS 
$3.00 OTHERS 

TICKETS AVAILABLE AT 
THE UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 

PRESENTED BY THE 
PROGRAM BOARD AND THE 

FINANCIAL AIDS OFFICE 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, April 20. 1971 

No matter what you drive - from a conservative ~olkSwagen to a radio 
cal hot rod - we can save you money on your car Insurance. 

Coll ege Student Insurance Sellilce has been working with the Auto 
Insurance Industry for 5 years to prove that college students deserve 
lower rates on their car insurance. Now, if you're an Associated Student 
member. you can get Group Discounted Auto Insurance at an average sav· 
ings of 48% in Californ ia. Plus,' you can continue your coverage after 
you're out of school. 

For a personal quote, call CSIS today. 

We feel that you shouldn't have to pay more to insure your car than you 
did to buy it . 

5090 College Ave. 
583·9393 

C.S.I.S. We're on your side. 

FREE CONCERT 
EARLY MORNING BAND 
SUNDAY 25 APRIL 

NOON- 4PM 
PRESENTED BY 

ASUCSD 

USB 2722 7:30/ 10:30 

• 

"'or " • w., u n Au, z. • w.,.,,. J.EJUUfED SPJUOSR,FREIICR oa GEIlJIIU 
~::. ~o· ; :::: !m :~: lr ; ::: !g: gMCIU.Y, E.UlLY AIID IffEXPEIflIVELY ••• 
j:~: ~ J ! : :: : ~!: ~::: ~ ; ::: :g; At a Sull ivan Language School. Be a 
~~~: ~; ~ ~:: :~ :; ~:::. n . ~ ::~ :n: happy wanderer by traveling the world with I ~:~yl 12 ~ : ~~!~ ~~:: JU~~ ~?P E ~o~ t'!s ANGEhEl', I a second lan2UaQe at Your command. J uly 14 Z Wit,. u '" :: .. ~I;~ I t Am, LA Get to reaJJy know the~ people by Ju" " • w., .... M" ,. ~~~ '0','.".. ,,00 speaking their language. J u ly u , • Witt U 4' (lnl ... a y 1100 It's on ly common sense. 

I J uly 2 7 6 Wit,. \ U II . Junl 2 Lon LA A d t A u, 4 l w... \ 2 49 011 .... u 1100 I n common cour esy. :~'''~'"h d.:a~,It~,ol1'l ... : 2.:9 5.L.,~S2~ ~~ELES TO LON~?~ Learn Spanish, French or ;::I~ ~h~;!\,~ a, ~:! Wol:iI::~~Jl t'.' g~: . ~" : :~: German - step-by-step , on depa' i ho"" Do th I.A .. Oalt . O c t I ' ''5 you r own schedu le, with a private 
" . . Instruc tor. at a fract ion the cos t of I Sorry, ,lmlt.J 10 University of California stuaents. Shff . faculty I most language courses. Call your and hmily . nearest Sullivan Language School TICKETS AV A ILABlE AT ______ ~~~!!~~!..'!:'.!."! 2~!..e.9~"!t..:.~I!~':.~!! ~_______ to arrange your f irst lesson FREE. 

k There's no obliJIation, of course. THE UREY HALL BOX OFFICE I Brent Ba er I Remember, the b:lingual trave~le=rpp~_. is the happiest wanderer ! Get "" I 
~~ .... AN_D .. A ... T ... T .. H ... E ... DOIIIOIIJIIR ............. III_~:lo_~:;restway _755.-625ii13 ..... _____ 29 _' 9._'" ____ ----J Sullivan Language Schools THE ~1 :~Tt:~~~II0:t~:~::r:~:~~:£ ~~~~~~Gl:~~~~~ .. ~:cUAGt 

ROMAN POLANSKI 'S 

KNIFE IN THE WATER 

Tuesday. April 20. 1971 Triton Times Page 6 



The opintofts •• press.ed on th.~ poges are those of ,he outhon WhOM nomes oppeor in the bylines and do no. nee.s-
IOriiy roflec:t tho .iew, 01 the TRITON TIMES. "nyoM d .. iri~g to wbmit motorial to be publi,hod on th ... page, ,hould 
.. nd it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 117 Bloke Hall, UCSD . 

Critique of Mui'r College 
Barbara Simon and CI Class 

We of the Contemporary Issues class, 
Perspectives on Education, have drawn up a 
parallel version of the description of John Muir 
College which appears in the General Catalog 
. (or 197~71. We have attempted this project not 
out of malice for Muir College, but out of love 
for its ideals, and a desire to see them fulfilled . 

Sentences from the catalog description will be 
followed by our own versions of them divided 
into sections. Due to space limitations we are 
not including the complete description but only 
several paragraphs. All selections come from 
the section entitled "Muir College-The 
Character of the College" (pp. 45-46 of the 
General Catalog , 

"John Muir College is a community engaged 
in inquiry and the exchange of ideas that reach 
beyond the classrooms into many aspects of life 
in the community and contemporary society. " 

John Muir College is a community typical of 
most educational institutions in our society 
today ; there is a sharp division between the 
academic and other aspects of life. Much of the 
time students are subjected to large lecture 
classes where ideas are not exchanged but facts 
regurgitated. By geography, if nothing else, the 
school is isolated from the community at large, 
and contact with it requires particular intiative 
on the part of the student. 

" ... the flow of life in the college as a whole is 
intended to stimulate curiosity about all aspects 
of research and learning in the 
college-curiosity which should lead to 
unexpected and adventuresome choices of 
courses, as, for example, when a student 
specializing in music becomes inquisitive 
enough to elect a course in experimental 
psychology or one of the computer sciences." 

There is no more stimulation to curiosity at 
John Muir College than there is anywhere else. 
For one thing, with the first two years 
consumed by general education requirements, 
there is no time for curiosity, and after that a 
student has to concentrate on a major. Second, 
if a student is lucky enough to take both, sa) , 
music and a computer science, he never learns 
how these subjects relate: there is no 
integration of subject matter, and this makes 
for more fragmented compartmentalized 
human beings in an already fragmented society. 

"The general education requirements and the 
curriculum as a whole encourage active rather 
than passive learning by involving the students 
directly with research and creative work. Thus, 
for example, the fine arts courses include 
periods of studio work or its equivalent. All 
first-year students are required to complete a 
course in contemporary issues ... Most 
important of all , the students work among 
faculty members, postdoctoral fellows, and 
graduate students who are themselves actively 
engaged in creation and discovery." 

triton 

The general education requirements 
encourage passive learning, because for a good 
part of his college career the student is 
attending classes which he did not choose, and 
in which he often has no interest. It is very hard 
to be an active learner in a large lecture hall 
where individual involvement is zero. It is true 
that fine arts classes include studio work, but 
fine arts by definition implies individual 
creativity. We doubt that a comparable amount 
of time is spent in creative work in classes of 
other departments . 

Contemporary Issues is one program that bas 
real potential because of its structure and size, 
but it is only a minute part of the entire 
curriculum now. The faculty members among 
whom the students work are engaged in 
creative activity but usually this activity is not 
undertaken to stimulate undergraduates. 
Teaching for many faculty members is a 
sideline to research. All too often, professors 
seem to want to impart a barrage of facts and 
then· return to their own work . 

" In John Muir College no new theory, no new 
discovery , no new work of art will long go 
unexamined or undiscussed. It will not be a 

comfor~3ble place for those whose minds are 
madeup." 

As we see it now, John Muir College is a great 
place for people who have made up their minds 
to have a traditional college education . People 
are inhibited by general education requirements 
from pursuing their interests. Curiosity does not 
last long when there is no chance to exercise it. 

General Proposals : 

We propose the following changes: 
(1) More small sections with discussions. 
(2) More student teachers. 
(3) Re-evaluation of the general education 
requirements. 
(4) More active projects rather than lectures. 
(5) Unification of courses- tying together of 
topics. 
(6)More classes in the same subjects so that 
more than one approach to the topic may be 
presented (as in psychology, where presently 
only one approach is given ). 
(7) Students should not be working for a grade, 
but for knowledge ; not out of compulsion, but of 
interest. (We disagree on exactly how to change 
the grading system, so we make no specific 
recommendation here ). 

In conclusion we see that the problem with 
Muir College is not the goals of the college but 
the way in which these goals have been sought. 
We think the catalog describes an institution of 
great potential and worth. Unfortunately, this 
institution does not in reality exist. When the 
college itself becomes what the catalog says it 
is, we will be more than satisfied. 

tiITles 
NewsOopt 
Ed Boylo 

Contributor, 
JIm 51111 

Photography 
Jon Fronek 

Editor-in-Chif' f, . 11 .. , "ooc\ (; .. 01111011 Ro .. OoCo"o 
ti" Editor . ...... : Carl \ ('i l)1l q.:('r ~:f~~~:~~~ 
!\I1I'na!!i nIL Edit .. r ...... 'Ii~ l' "l .. ~l'r RobortMill.r 
( . Fd ' t C' d. ( : r ' h~1l1 Oobb,eMontgomery .op~ . I or . ..... .11 " •. .• rlu r, l.. P," Itl tr' 

Hu,inl"~ \' IIIl1IIL, 'r ....... J dt I- rH'" Cliff Po" 
Editoria l Hin· ·\m .. HUllul COlltn' ra- Mork Sleool 

, ( .. L ' ~ . ( 'J Barbaro S,mon A~sof'lalt' . It~ ~ ... Itor . . , ,,, ,'n 0' 11I'r John Zoller 
'11I11 ~ Sell ill 

.\rt- . :ditor . . ..... . Tl'rr~ lI ara !. A,t i.h $eroto, McKenna 
Sport' Editor ....... H,U'~~ lI .. lI'uII Allan Sokulo 

Phu"'l!rll t,h ~ t:ditor .. .. ,"att Hinton Georoe ~Olon l 

Arts Department 
Tom Beer 
Joy G,llo". 
Lorry Johnson 
So'gun TOl"lt 
Kel"l Bornes 

Adverti&in, 
Deportment 
Mo r' TrollIng 
Susan Codu 
Molly S,I\'1n 

5ocretolial Stoff 
Corfle Rickey Steve Cohln 

5h,llo Calhoun 
Au' t Manag in g Ed . Copy Deparlment 
Joe Eoslern 
Camy Shorlck Debbll Montgomery 

Gleno Schroet,r 
Production 
Dave Buchbinder 

Sports W ril.r 
Mike Roth 

The 'InON TIMES II offl(lolly recognized and ,vPPof,.d 0\ a ,tudent n,w\pope, by the Communlcotlon, Soard 
of 'he Unlyersl'Y of Collfornlo. Son Diego , 8uildlng 250, Motthews Compus, lo Jollo , Collfolnlo 92037 Publlcotlon 
IS twin "", •• kly on lvt:sdoy" and Friday" Oft'UI art locoted In loom 11" 810ke Hall, on the Re yelle Cam pus. For 
Ad • .,t,,;n o phon. 4 ~J , 2000 . ~1017 ; for .d ,to"oI0,ntw ,phontX1016. 

P.ge e Triton Tim.. Tu .. d8y. April 20, 1971 

Representation and Power 
Last Friday's irresponsible 

editorial on the Associated 
Student elections must be 
answered. In particular, I have 
found offensive this flippant 
remark : 

"00 the side, they (the AS 
government) would be able to 
appoint a few token student 
representatives to 
administrative committees and 
attend Regents' meetings as 
official spokesmen." 

For years students were 
effectively locked out from all 
decision makinll bodies of the 
University. As Clark Kerr's 
multiversity grew to 
monsterhood, student 
complaints about the most 
trivial matters of political 
activity , free expression 
curriculum, rules and such 
could only be communicated by 
yelling en masse on the steps of 
administration buildings. 

There were strikes, and FSM 
at Berkeley, and numberless 
demonstrations to try and 
make the faculty , 
administration and Regents 
respond to overwhelming 
student opinion. It was then 
discovered that students did 
have governments, as the 
Triton Times and Karl Keating 
seem to imply, that merely 
spent a small sum of money on 
the extravagances of a few . 

RepreRDtallOD Gru&ed 
A large number of people 

spent a lot of time and energy 
trying to right this situation. 
Students lobbied through these 
weak governments for 
representation, responsibility 
and power. Administrators 
aquiesed, realizing the revolt 

Bill Alao,,;lu 
, 

was rapidly growning. Faculty, 
finding the students pounding 
on their doors after office 
hours , granted representation 
to restore communications that 
had been long broken . 

The net result has been a net 
gain for all . The administration 
has probably co.opted the 
students somewhat, but it has 
also been moved from 
bureaucratic inertia to end 
many offensive abuses. Student 
initiave and representatives 
have changed grading 
procedures, medieval cloister 
dorm rules, cafeteria service 
and regressive parking fee 
schedules. Nearly every 
administrative body at UCSD 
now meets with voting student 
members and some are even 
controlled by undergrads. 

The faculty in opening their 
Academic Senate committees 
have given the students a voice 
in the most critical matters of 
the University, curiculum and 
research, Undergrads and 
grads sitting on faculty 
committees have been 
instrumental in influencing the 
final direction and force of 
studies and reports. In the 
crucial points of deliberations, 
the faculty hear students and 
their opinions and can act in 
concert with greater 
confidence and responsibility, 

The Third College plan would 
not have been accepted without 
William McGill 's timely, if 
late, approval and lobbying 
with the Regents. It is doubtful 
that McGill would have gone 
along with Third College's 
strong student involvement, 
(or rather control) had he not 
developed respect and a 

successful 
relationship 
A ssocia ted 
administrations. 

working 
with two 

Student 

Miller ReVOIDdoD 

Tbe last few years have 
witnessed a minor revolution. 
Students have gained voices 
and votes which have helped to 
start rebuilding a University 
that .previously promised to 
become a monolithic factory. 
This representation is our 
opportunity to correct those 
evils that students alone see 
because thev alope feel _ the 
weight of enforcement. .If. We 
are going to try and 
restructure the Universi\y 
community, this is our cbaDce. 

The point about Associated 
Student elections is that the AS, 
along with the college 
governments are the only 
organized elective student 
bodies. The Faculty and the 
Administration depend upon 
these governments for 
"representative" appoint-
ments. Tbe new regimes that . 
follow elections will be making 
these important appointments , 
and will bear the brunt of 
leadership in the fight for 
increased student 
representation in University 
affairs. We must depend upon 
these people to secure student 
involvement in Academic 
department decisions and a 
greater voice in front of, or on , 
the board of Regents. . 

This is the power at stake in 
the elections, and the question 
is whether or not you want Karl 
Keating or Diddo Clark or Paul 
Kaufman or whomever voting 
for these appointments. 

Regarding the Campaigns 
Arlhur D. Olsen 

To those who feel a nostalgic pang for high 
school life every once in a while, the next few 
weeks around here should more than fulfill that 
desire, if the last few have been any indication. 
It would seem that even at an institution of 
higher learning, you can apply secondary school 
campaigning tactics and win an election. 

For one thing, some of the classic high school 
vote-getting techniques are already being used 
here at UCSD Diddo Clark has "cute" posters 
and a political party all her own; Karl Keating 
seeks to project the image of a rationalist who 
runs on the issues, wants to debate, and accuses 
his opponents of running on popularity ; Paul 
Kaufman cites "experience" as his chief 
qualification ; David Shaw appears in jeans. In 
addition,we see the news media bombarded 
with the plaUorms of these candidates-and 
although this may not be bad, one wonders why, 
if they consider the Idea. important, it is their 
aames that are almost invariably used in the 
headlines. (Please note--I request that my name 
be set in regular point type at the very end of 
this article--if it need be printed at all.) 

Hie' Scbool Remial~1ICe 

Not only the candidates' approaches to 
getting elected but also the issues involved are 
reminiscent of my (if not your) high school 
days. We have the ever-popular "Is this 
government really necessary?" theme. Shaw 
and Keating (non-government types ) say that it 
isn't , but want to get elected anyway ; Clark and 
Kaufman (government types ) say it is- but 
what employee suuests that his job be 
eliminated? As usual , instead of limiting such 
arguments to the apparatus of government , the 
(dare I say it?) "anarchists" extend their 
assaults to the member. of government, 
prompting vehement responses from those 
members (perhaps justifiably so ). 

Also at issue is the renumeration of AS 
n:aembers. Of course in high school such 
rewards did not take the form of cash .. the 
government representatives got one period a 
day off to govern, and credit for it besides. But 
the core of the question was the same : " If they 

really want to help us, why do they need the 
incentive?" 

Ballot to tile Voter 

And now, to top it all of( , there is the method 
of voting it~lf. In high school , an election 
where people had to go to the polls to vote 
always had a miserable turnout-and the same 
is true here at UCSD. Astoundlingly enough, the 
same solution to the problem is being 
suggested-if you can' t get the voter to the 
ballot, take the ballot to the voter. Here, 
however, more sophistication is being used-
instead of voting in your homeroom, you will 
vote in your bedroom after having received your 
ballot in the mail . 

In conclusion, let me cite an article about high 
school eovernment which would appear to apply 
just as well in this. . . Some students realized 
realized that there were a few faults in the 
student government set-up: (l) nothing was 
ever happening to most of the suggestions 
submitted to the-student government; (2) since 
it took so much longer to orluiu an event 
rather than just to hold it, fewer and fewer 
events could be held ; (3) since the government 
took over everything, the students had nothing 
left to do (what's worse, the government then 
accused them of doing nothing) . 

ComiptiOD from wltbi8 

It may seem that in view of this and my 
earlier remarks, I would favor the Keating-
Shaw type over the Kaufman-Clark type. But, as 
was bannered over Mr. Keating' s very own 
Dimension, " Power corrupts." Once in office, it 
is inevitable that he who worked so hard to get 
the office will seek to retain it. 

Thus I find the suggested "climpaignJess 
election" a great idea . The one sure way to get 
rid of an elected position is to put someone in it 
who doesn't want it. Although at hyper-
competitive UCSD this may be hard , I'm sure 
we can find IOmeoJle who doeSn't want to be 
President. But we had better act soon-if we get 
caught up in the nostaleia that these campaigns 
are creating, we may soon be demanding Coke 
in the drinkillJ! fountains. 

Toothpaste and Politics LETTERS .10 THE EDITOR Diddo Afraid? know what I mean, try this 
test. Take a toothpick, say, and 
stick it into the nearest heap of 
dog shit ; then take it back and 
stir your coffee with it, or wipe 
it on a bamburger. A nasty 
idea? Perhaps - but that's what 
flies do for us, with goodness 
knows what consequences in 
the way of disease. 

scarce already! J. 
The closing of the Sundry 

Store would be a real 
inconvenience for both dorm 
and commuter students . Not 
only is it a convenient gift and 
supply center on campus, but 
services such as check cashing, 
refrigerator rental and 
machine money refunds are 
hard to come by. And here's the 
thing ... the Sundry Store is not 
connected to the Regents, the 
cafeteria or to Servomation 
machines. It is a Revelle 
Residence Hall operation. 
Ripping of( the Sundry Store 

David Shaw 
Dear EdllOr: 

When last I heard, Karl 
Keating had invited 
presidential candidates Paul 
Kaufman and Diddo Clark to a 
public discussion, Dan Spellens 
was kind enough to arrange for 
it and Kaufman was confident 
enough in himself to accept. 
My question is: After havi:lg 
over-publicizect her name, to 
the extent of breaking the rules 
set up by the Election 
Commissioner, why is it that 
Miss Clark continuously 
avoids the opportunity to 
publicize her ideas? Is she 
afraid the students will reject 
them? Does she have any? 

First of all, I would like to examine the 
assumption that in addressing himself to " the 
issues", each presidential candidate is offered 
an equal opportunity to merchandise himself to 
the student body. This assumption implies that 
there U"e a single set of questions which would 
be considered significant by the student body, 
and that these "issues" are cultural and 
political invariants. In a University which 
includes large black, brown and freak 
subcommunities, whicb boasts 30% voter 
turnout and dissaffection in epidemic 
proportion, it is clear to me that the questions 
other candidates have raised can not 
meaningfully be called " the issues." There are 
no "issues," 

In fact, campaign issues are socially defined. 
Unfortunately for the student, they are often in 
practice defined for us' by those who stand to 
benefit most from a particular definition. Until 
recently, Crest was able to dominate the 
toothpaste market by insisting that a percentile 
measurement of the incidence of <:avaties is 
" the issue" in dentifrices; Ultra-Brite and a 
host of othe\' newcomers have found a market 
by thrusting a different criterion at its possible 
television audience : whiteness. 

As a presidential contender without the year 
long, intricately contrived advertiSing 
campaign of either Karl Keating or Diddo 
Clark, I am relegated to the position of Ipana. 

Karl's strength lies in his methodical 
generation of campaign issues, a process 
familiar to Californians sensitive to the 
workings of their governor. Our right-wing 
aspirant creates " issues" with respect to which 
he shines, leaving his opponents the choice of 
meekly trying to fit their own feeling into the 
carefully defined syntax of Keating's political 
grammar or "refusing to address 'tile issue'." 
Diddo scores points the old high school way 
(clever catcbwords, cute trademark posters) 
while compulsively maintaining control of her 
image in the junior media and ingratiating 

, I 

herself with the "A" parking sticker crowd. 
Did~o's k.now-my-name campaign may 
partially compensate for her position behind 
Karl in the issue-defining race. 

Where, then, is David Shaw's strength? My 
politics are the politics of ecstasy, 
experimentation, phenomenological knowledge , 
nausea, needlepoint, boredom, contemporary 
history, dominance and deference, shit and 
Shinola, yin and yang, Pete and Repeat, vested 
and prurient interests, cats in bags and chickens 
in soups. My platform is an aestheticcontinuum. 
I am the entropy candidate. How can I describe 
and sell myself to those of you who have 
accepted meaningless referenda and AS 
salaries as " issues"? The dialectics of this 
election are already firmly defined , and to 
partiCipate as a normal candidate means to be 
defined in terms of those dialectics. None for 
me, thanks! 

Even if it were possible at this point, I would 
have no interest in substituting my own 
" issues" for those currently ·in the limelight. I 
am interested in an experimental understanding 
of ourselves as humans and students, in the 
socia-political aspects of education at UCSD and 
in the astounding, unrealized potential for 
personal, social, and academic excitement in 
the University community. I would not, 
however, castrate these questions by force-
feeding them as "'campaign issues." Rather, I 
would like to belp bury the concept of " issue" 
until questions emerge which are, in some 
intuitively genuine sense, generated by some 
real part of our pluralistic student body. 
Concurrently, I will attempt to be a stimulus to 
creative, assumption-challenging thougbt. 

Let me give one final piece of testimony: my 
candidacy is not a joke. For some time we have 
laughed at candidates who refused to perform 
traditional functions within an arbitrary social 
structure. I maintain tha t the time bas come to 
laugh at the structure instead. 

Some serious laughter is in order. 

This discussion should be an 
excellent time for students to 
find out the ideas of the 
presidential candidates or if 
they have any, Siacerely 

Craig GriffiD 

Dogs and Shit 
Dear Editor: 

I guess it's going to take a 
girl to do some plain writing, 
with four letter words , about 
dogs and shit on campus, 
(Nowadays plain language 
needs no apology.) 

You and I don't leave shit in 
corridors and on pa ths, on 
lawns and under bushes, 
around the University. Why 
should dogs have this 
privilege? They shouldn't ; this 
is an institution for higher 
learning, not a farm . Why do I 
object? Obviously, one 
consideration is an objection to 
mess and smell; but a more 
important one is the rna tter of 
flies and germs. If you don't 

Tennis Team Goes 
To Tournament 

The top three players from UCSD women 's 
tcnnis team will be taking the trip to Ojai on 
Wednesday, April 21 - 25th to play in the 
Women's Intercollegiate Division. Ojai is the 
largest collegiate tournament in California and 
is attended by schools as far away as the 
University of Washington and the University of 
Arizona. 

Playing first singles for UCSD will be Miss 
Kevan Dignam, a freshman from Pacific 
Palisades, who was ranked 14th in the nation 
and 8th in Southern California last year. Kevan 
won second place in February at the University 
of Arizona Intercollegiate Tournament and will 
face competition from UCLA as well as Arizona 
at the Ojai tournament. 

Kellie Magee and Missy O'Flaherty will play 
a challenge match on Saturday morning against 
either Lynn Massman and Carol Hineman or 
Kathy Beggar and Lynn McClure to see who will 
attend Ojai as the first doubles team. 

Anyway, what do we need 
dogs for ? Hardly 'for persona! 
protection. MosUy they' re love-
or slave-surrogates. Girls feel 
the need for someone to cuddle, 
and some haven't the guts to go 
out and get them a man to sleep 
with. Boys want someone to 
respect and obey them, and 
many can 't get these resp'Jnses 
from their fellows. (Or vice 
versa : I'm no lib fan for either 
sex.) Hence they go for dogs. 

Let's keep up the human 
dignity of our campus. No more 
dogs! If you have to keep pets, 
keep them at home; that's your 
privilege. But not here . 

Sincerely, 
Giuoa Osnro 

Please Stop 
Dear Editor: 

Please help us stop the 
shoplifting in this store! Heavy 
losses are about to close the 
Revelle Sundry Store. That 
means: (1) No other gift or 
stationery store except on 
Matthews; (2) No check 
cashing except on Matthews; 
(3) No place to get munchies 
except at the cafeteria (when 
it 's open) or the machines 
(when they work ); (4) No 
convenient place to get change 
or machine refunds ; (5) 
Another source of student 
employment gone (jobs are 

doesn ' t hurt any 
body financially or 
othe~wise-except the 
students, who have to absorb 
the losses and be 
inconvenienced if the store is 
closed. 

Another thing ... the Sundry 
Store uses all student help. Our 
jobs as clerks are fine . But 
lately, we've had to act like 
eagle-eyed policemen- a job 
we don't cherish. Yet, if we 
don't cut out the ripping off, the 
store closes and we're out of 
jobs (as well as being generally 
inconvenienced along with 
everybody else ). So 
please-heed our pleas! Help 
stop the shoplifting so the store 
won't close, we won't lose our 
jobs as clerks (and not 
policemen ) and the whole 
campus will be saved one more 
inconvenience. 

Patrice McCloskey 
Pam Stacks 

Radioe PettiDcell 
CIIua: Rose 
AuDavi. 

CatbiOUva 
Jolua ADdenoa 

TrisbPoage 

The Ojai tournament is exciting to attend 
because it draws over 1000 tennis players in the 
junior division, collegiate division, as well as 
the open invitational division. The top ranked 
players in the nation attend making it a very 
worthwhile experience. 

Left to Rlgbt,top: Kevan Dignam, Vicky Feaster, Missy O'Flaherty 
Bottom: Marcia Cook, Carol Hineman, Elaine Ploetz, Kellie Magee, Lynne 
McClure, Betb Josi , coacb. 

Torrey Pines 50aring Championships Kaufman ••• 
elsewhere, Kaufman points out. He feels that it 
gives the opportunity to redefine the present 
educational situation, to explore and examine 
educational methods, and to initiate new 
teaching techniques and ways of learning. 

The Silver Anniversary of the 
Paci fic Coast Midwinter 
Soar ing Championships, 
sponsored by the University of 
California. San Diego Soaring 
Cl ub and the Associated Glider 
Cl ubs of Southern California, 
will he held on Saturday, April 
24th and Sunday . April 25th at 
the Torrey Pines Gliderport, 
north of San Diego, This year's 
meet queen is Miss Connie 
Viancour, a UCSD student. 

Outstanding soaring pilots 
from the west coast region will 
be involved in the competition . 
Low-performance sailplanes, 
exotic high -performance 
fibergla s ship and home-

b~i l t will be flown by the e 
pIlots. The meet is the only 
pectator-oriented oaring 

competition in existence. In 
addition to the competition 
events, there will be regular 
aerobatics displays both days . 
Dra wings will be held for free 
glider rides. 

RiHer ••• 
(CODtiaUed from page 1) 

he would like to see AS fees 
increased to pay for the dorms. 
He noted that he is also 
interested in public relations, a 
concern which, he says stems 
from hi work at the public 
affairs office. 

This is Ritter 's fourth 
campaign . Previously he ran 

for Vice-President once and 
President twice . He 
characterizes himself as an 
··ultra-rightist, " saying ·· to be 
ultra-right means to break 
down all laws, all inhibitions, 
and allow people to be natural 
people which means that sex 
will become the predominant 
event in their lives." 

Asked about other issues, 
Ritter said his plaUorm would 
be sufficient. " It's a big job to 
get people laid around here." 

~CoDtiDued from page 1) 
In order to improve student welfare, 

Kaufman hopes to have a student serving on 
every policy-making committee on campus, 
including the tenure and budget committees. 
More student involvement on the Registration 
and Fees Committee will better serve student 
interests, Kaufman feels. 

Kaufman defines student interest partially in 
terms of how student monies are spent. With a 
student majority on the Registration Fees 
Committee, allocations would benefit students 
more directly, he says. 

Another • definition of student interest 
Kaufman uses is a quality educationa I 
experience when student actually learn from 
profes ors ... What I would like to do i to give 
support and legitimacy to the Free Univer -it 
of San Diego," he declares. 

The F SO offers cour es not available 

UC Lobby bas Great Potential 

Kaufman worked WIth the UC legislative 
advocacy program this pa \ year. By expanding 
the UC student lobby effort " it will be possible 
to work with the Regents through the tate 
legislature," says Kaufman. Future re ults 
include the possibility of gaining more money 
for the U.S. y tern , and additional money for 
student scholar hipr, he :ldd~. 

Another project which Kaufman views a 
possible concern Black' Road, whi h i 
presently reslricte<! to property own rs. The 
road I ads to Blacks Beach nd Kaufman says 
that the A.S. can provide a student ervic by 
opening th area for tudent u e. 

TIMId..,. April 20,1971 Triton Times Pqe 7 



, {i~'/ .~ 
'<:i> ' • 

'1 \/ . .. ..... '.--•• 
, t ~f' , • 110 

I~ • '1.' 
, ..• '(~:.~~ 
.~ . ;-" . 1 ,: ~ ~' , y\~. 

TUESDAY, 
April 20 

LECTURES- noon , Salk 
Fellows Room, orth Bldg., 
5th floor, Robert Bender, San 
D iego Sierra Club, 
" Environmental Problems in 
San Diego." 
MEETINGS-2-6 p.m., Santa 
Clara Point, Water Ski Club. 

3:30 p.m., 2D 1330, Muir 
Faculty Meeting. 

4 p.m., Beagle Apartment, 
Revelle, Organizational . 
Meeting of Students For Direct 
Action ; Ken Gorer, guest 
resource person. 

6:30 p.m., PE classroom, 
Fishing Club Meeting ; there is 
still time for those interested 
to join us on the trips planned 
this quarter ; info at the 
meeting. 

7 p.m., 2E3-1102, MOSCA 
7-11 p.m., USB 4060 B, Triton 

Wargamers 
WEDNESDAY, 
April 21 

MEETINGS-6-8 p.m., USB 
305OB, Alpha Sigma Phi. 

7p.m. , 201 MC, BSU. 
7:30 p.m., USB 3030 A, 

Workers League Club Meeting. 
LECTURE-8 p.m., BSB Aud., 
John Cooper , Bio-Medical 
Lecture Series. 
LUNCH- noon, Coffee Hu t, 
with Ken Goyer, Director of 
the L.A. Fellowship of 
Reconcilia tion, a pacifist 
protest organization; will 
discuss ideas and proposals for 
social change. 
DINNER-5 p.m. , University 
Lutheran Church, ponsored by 
UCSD Ecumenical Students ; 
All Welcome, 25 cents. 

Now 
thru 
Moy 2 

~~r.a~~~ ... onIY 
(except : at Eve) 

"EEPON 
THERIJ WAY 

~1I1l1l \mali \rt 
1311(·",, ·allr, tOllWfh (d l)('r 
of 'rnt.·rit an i,",- H d,: ;v:~ 
0\ er-('3- . . . hll OJ bl i II~ 
bll r('alle r.t · he( Oil\(, ,'11' 
tallgled ill \ - a tl oollfl" t .. 
51 SO IT", .. . WH Own , Svn ~" I 

~ OO I"' . So, .... ) 
UOO lwn Moll ~,.ll l . 15"Moy') 
SI sos ... , ... c .. .. """,001 Mj 

UN' ...,. 

olb globe 
theatre 

ofter 
noon 

MEETINGS-7 p.m., 9th floor 
Seminar Room, Tioga Hall, Ba 
Nai Club Meeting. 

7:30 p.m., USB 4030, A, 
S tud ent Mobi l izatio n 
Committee Meeting. 
FILMS- noon, USB 2622, Ames 
film "Vorticity." 

1 and 7:30 p.m., Griffin 
Theater, Grossmont College, 
" Camelot. " 

FRIDAY, 
April 23 

ISRAEU NIGHT-7 :30 p.m., 
Informal Lounge, presented by 
UCSDUSA. 
MUSIC- 10 a .m. Gym, 
Bakersfie ld High Sc hool 
Symphony Orchestra and 
Chamber Orchestra. 

8:30 p.m., 409 MC, Graduate 
Composer Series. 
FOLK DANCING---12:30 
p.m. 201 MC. 
MOVIES-7:30 and 10: 15 p.m., 
USB 2722, Friday Night Flicks, 
.. Midnight Cowboy." 

ELECTION CENTRAL-

KSDT 550 AM 

Tuesday 
3 to 6 p.m. Throatcutting Cere-
mony : David Shaw and Karl 
Keating meet. 
Wednesday 7:30 p.m. Live 
Broadcast : Issues and Ans-
wers, Revelle Cafeteria. 
Thursday 3 to 6 p.m. Election 
Coverage. 
Sunday 8 p.m. Call-in Dis-
cussion : all Presidential Candi-
dates. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Tune Your heads into KSDT for 
far-reaching sound s- jazz , 
rock , co un try , spec ia l 
programs, information on 
school happenings. 
Students directories are still 
available at the EDNA Office, 
MC250. 
Revelle Seniors- A list of 1971 
Spring and Summer graduating 
seniors is now posted on the 
bulletin board outside the 
Provost's Office. Please check -
the list to make sure your name 
is on it. If it's not and you wish 
to graduate fi le a card with the 
Provost's Office before May 6. 
Zero Population Growth 
Members or interested 
people- Call Dr. Chien at 459-
9175. 
The deadline for submitting 
petitions requesting permission 
to transfer from other UCSD 
colleges into Muir College, 
effective next Fall , is 4 p.m., 
on Friday, May 14. 

i~~i\ -~~\~~i 
.' .................... 

,ou ••• " .. ~ 
sensual & theropeutic 

WATERBEDS 
~,\o ~ "0Cl. 

"\\0" ~ ·#()s'+() 
AIR FH A In .' 

KING $5500 
SIZE 
Health"". a •• tful SI •• p 

The Waterbole 
Ph.". 4212 
210-2611 I I Col'" 11ft. 
........................ 

Some 
research 
"experts" 
say you can't 
taste the 
difference 
between 
beers... /. 
blindfolded .. ./ / 

WHEN YOU SAY 

Budweiser 
YOU'VE SAID IT ALL! 
ANHEUSER BUSCH. INC • ST lOUIS 

PageS TritonTimes Tuesday, April 20,1971 

SCHED'ULED 
AIRLINE 

~ 

EUROPE 
charter Jlights $229 ROUNDTRIP 

BOEING 707 
STUDENTS 'STAFF • FACULTY 
---------... ----Phone 755-6253 
NA""" .Brent Baker" . 
AD D •• • • 1605 Forest Way .. . 
.IT' .. .. , ... Del Mar . . . . ... . 

CLASSIFIED~ 
Personals 

CRAFT FAIR, MAY 8th AU 
CRAFTSMEN WELCOME. $1 
SPACE FEE, NO COMMISSIONS 
FREE TO THE PUBUC. 755-4461 
FOR INFO. (4/ 23) 
LOST: Gold charm bracelet with 
single charm. If found, please 
call Rose- 453-2927. REWARD. 

(R) 

Jobs 
MEN of all trades to NORTH 
SLOPE, ALASKA, and the 
YUKON, around $2800.00 a 
month. For complete information 
write to Job Research, PO Box 
161 , Stn-A, Toronto, Ontario. 
Enclose $3 to cover cost. (4/ 23) 
Ma!e students part/ full time, $3 
hr. plus Kholarship. Call 224-
2864. (R) 

Travel 
EUROPE: $225-$280. Also 
ISRAEL and JAPAN Spring and 
Summei flights available call 
755-3990 after 5 p.m., or write 
E.S.E.P. - UCSD 8217 Beverly 
Blvd., las Angeles, Calif. 15/ 11 ) 
EXPEDITION TO CENTRAL 
AMERICA ADVENTUROUS 
OVERLAND JOURNEY TO 
PANAMA AND PHOTOGRAPHIC 
SURVEY OF MAYAN RUINS AND 
CONTEMPORARY UFE IN THE 
YUCAT AN AND NORTHERN 
GUATEMALA. DEPARTS JUNE 
8th AND SEPT. 14th. DETAILS: 
DOKA EXPEDITIONS INC., 2329 
SACRAMENTO, SUITE 1, SAN 
FRANCISCO. 94.115 (4-30) 
Europe Jet Charter Flights. 
Spring Special. March 30 thru 
June 15 - $268. Plus full 
summer program. Call Leslie 
582-9098 after 5. (R) 
EUROPE/ ISRAEL/ EAST AFRICA 
One way and round trip student 
travel diKounts. SOFA agent for 
over 2000 inte r-European 
student charter flights . 
CONTACT: ISCA 11687 San 
Vincente Blvd., No. 4 , L. A. 
Calif., 90049. TEL: (213) 836-
5669. (6/ 4) 
CHEAPEST FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
Charters throughout Europe, 
Asia, Afr ica, Israel. New York 
$158 RT . LAX/ LON/ LAX/ April 
3-11 , Eurail passes student i.d. 
cards, A.I .S. 9056 Santa Monica 
Blvd., Los Angeles, 90060, (213) 
274-8742. (4 / 24) 
Europe charte rs. 50 Departures, 
also from N.Y. Africa, India, 
Israel. 60 pe r cent Off. Free info: 
EASC, 323 N. Beverly Dr., 
Beverly Hills, Calif., 90210. 
Phone: (213) 276-6293. (5/ 11 ) 
EUROPE CHARTERS. Several 
schedules from $250 roundtrip, 
$150 oneway. Coordinator: 
Professor Margoret Pool 247 
Roycroaft. Long Beach. 90803. 
213-438-2179. (4/ 24) 

CHEAPEST 
JETS TO EUROPE FROM LA AND 
NY. IMMEDIATE ISSUANCE IN-
TNL. STUDENT 1.0. CARD & 
TICKETING 2000 INTRA-
EUROPEAN / ASIAN/ AFRICAN 
CHARTERS, EURAILPASSES. CAR 
PURCHASE AIS FLIGHTS No. 
105, 9056 SANTA MONICA, L.A. 
90069 TEL 274-8742 (5/ 28) 

Housing 

MALE GlADUA TlNG SR. NEEDS 
ROOM IN HOUSE FOI NEXT 
YEAR BEFORE JUNE 16. IF 
YOU'RE §PUTTING OR NEED 
SOMEONE TO SHAlE A HOUSE 
CAll 755-7267 (4/ 20) 

Services 
NEED SOMETHING TYPED, 
HAVE ElECTRIC TYPEWRITER: 
CAll 453-8269 (4/ 20) 
LEARN TO flY 
FLIGHT INSTRUCTION FOR 
PRIVATE COMMERICAL , 
INSTRUMENT , AN D 
MULTIENGINE RATINGS. CALL 
BUZZ 4.8-0272 (4/ 30) 
DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8888 (R) 
Typing - for accurate Typing on 
electric pica - term paperS, 
theses, manuKripts, etc. Call 

Mrs. McCroskey 287-1607. (R) 
Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 

Try James Automotive Service 
American and Foreign Cors 
Repairs and Pollution Control. 
Student DiKount 7748 Hershel 
La Jolla (in the rear) 459-918 1{ R) 
MACRAME , WfAVING , 
STICHERY CLASSES STARTING 
NOW AT CARMEL VAUEY 
WEAVERS sum Y. CAll FOR 
FREE SCHEDULE AND SUPPlY 
UST. 755-4461 OR WRITE BOX 
77A, RT 1 DELMAR. (4/ 23) 
Typing .. . Experienced typist . .. 
Term papers, theses. Electric 
typewriter. Will do rush jobs. 
453-6835. (R) 

For Sale 
WATER BEDS Transluscent 
Guaranteed to infinity. Wide 
selection, shapes and siIes: 
6'x7' King siIe $34.50. twinsiIe 
$29.50. Call 222-9175 after 5 
p.m. (5/7) 
A BETTER BED! King siIe water 
bed. $55.00 The Water Hole, 
4282 EI Cajon Blvd., 280-261 1. 
CUSTOM BIKINIS CALL PAM 
488-5374. 1044 OPAL PACIFIC 
BEACH (4/ 17) 
LITTLE C's PIZZA TREAT SO 
CENTS OFF ON LARGE OR 
XTRA-LARGE WITH THIS AD 
GOOD THRU APRIL 22nd 453-
6455 (4/20) 
' 59 VW bus 3 seater, truck 
bottom and 2 seater double bed. 
one owner, always hod best 
mechanic $500 worth of 

_ camping equipment included. 
$800. Call 582-8247 between 7 
and 10 a.m. or 6 and 9 p.m( 4/20, 
AUTO FOR SALE, 63 VALIENT v-
200 AUTOMATIC, RADIO, 
34,000 MILES ONE OWNER 
$600. CAll 453-2628 (4-27) 
NIKON FT body w/ case $1 50. 
Soligor Auto 28mm lens $30. 
Nikon F pentaprism $30. Roy 
Wein 454-5622 or ex 1434 

UNFURN. HOUSE FOR RENT 4 
BEDROOM, 2 Yz BATH, FAM RM 
FIREPLACE, FENCED YARD, 
BUILT-INS CLAIREMONT AVAIL 
5/ 1 $300 CAU EXT 2522 4/20 

SPECIAL SALE ONE WEEK ONLY, 
MOTHERS DAY, FATHERS DAY, 
BIRTHDA Y, ANYDA Y GIFT 
SPECIAL. TWO SETS 1000 EACH 
RETURN ADDRESS LABE LS, 
DELUXE $1.75 POST PAID GOLD 
STRIPE, TWO COLOR GUMMED 
AND PADDED ANY TWO NAMES 
AND ADDRESSES AND ZIPS 
TWO SETS FOI $1.75 01 FOUl 
SETS POI $3.00. SATISFACTION 
GUAR. SEND CASH, CHICK 01 
M.O. TO DO-lAY DlST. CO. 10 . 
26 MANKATO, MINN. 56001 

(4-20 

NOI1VZINVD~ 11:tO~d-NON 


