
Businessmen Affect Chancellor Search 
John lolle, 
Staff Writer 

In theory, the search for a new UCSD chancellor should be a 
rather straightforward affair. The UC president, in consultation 
with campus representatives and select Regents, makes a nomina-
tion to the Board of Regents. They either approve or disapprove. 

In practice, there are many other factors. One of the most 
significant of these has been the emergence of unprecedented 
letter-writing campaigns on behalf of two candidates: Hardin 
Jones and Clifford Grobstein. 

Dr. Donald Kinter, who founded the "Citizens for Better 
Education" claims letters from 20,000 citizens have been sent to 
the Regents in support of Dr. Hardin Jones, a medical professor at 
Berkeley and a man generally considered to be an outspoken 
conservative. (The TIMES will follow up on the Jones movement 
next week.) 

The other letter writing campaign, though of smaller 
dimensions, has been in support of Dr. Clifford Grobstein, dean of 
the the school of medicine here. It seems to have been very 
influential in certain high places, though UC President Hitch 
never did bring Grobstein's name before the Regents for a formal 
vote. 

Through a rather complicated series of mechanisms, the Jones 
and Grobstein movements have largely cancelled each other out. 
This is not to imply, however, that in the absence of one the other 
would necessarily have been successful. 

Friend and foe alike agree, however, that Grobstein's can-
didacy was all but dead around the first of the year. But 
considerable business support revived his chances, and according 
to several highly reliable sources, 'Grobstein came very near to 
being appointed in both March and April. Only very detennined 
conservative opposition prevented it. 

THE WORD SPREADS 
Unlike the Jones movement, which owes much to Dr. Kintner's 

organizational efforts, the Grobstein campaign seems largely to 
have been leaderless. Several hundred letters- perhaps as many as 
a thousand- were written by many of San Diego's most promi-
nent business and civic leaders, but there were no mass meetings, 
no speeches, and no real campaigning. 

Most of the men who wrote letters had met Grobstein at one 
time or another, or at least knew something about him from first-
hand experience_ 

According to Virgil Peterson, president of the San Diego 
Chamber of Commerce, the fol'owing are orne of the ways in 
which San Diegans came to know Grobstein : 

(I) On at least one recent occasioll, Grobstein addressed 
the Board of Directors of the Chamber of Commerce. 
(2) In April , Grobstein served on a three-man discussion 
panel at a Business Outlook Conference. 
(3) Grobstein worked closely with several businessmen last 
Fall in attempting to secure passage of the Health Sciences 
Bond issue. 
(4) In his three-year tenure as dean of the medical school , 

Grobstein has consistently shown a willingness to mix with 
San Diego businessmen on matters of both business and 
social nature. 

CHAMBER SUPPORT FOR NAUGHT 
Through these and similar activities, Grobstein's name became 

well known, particularly inCh amber circles. 
As early as November, the Chamber sent a telegram urging the 

speedy appointment of a chancellor. To date, a total of three 
telegrams have been sent, and two of them specifically mention 
Grobstein as a man who appears to meet all the qualifications for 
the position . 

According to Peterson, businessmen tended to support Grobs-
tein because: 

(I) He had built from scratch a medical school that is "one 
of the top three in the country." 
(2) Many of them knew Grobstein, and trusted his sense of 
value, his character, and his administrative ability. 
(3) "Cli fi Grobstein recognized that you have to be a part of 
your community, not isolated from it.' 

Peterson dwelt particularly on this third point. "Grobstein 
showed a willingness," he said, " to enter into the community life_ 
both socially and to contribute to overall economic growth. 

" I don't know anyone, " Peterson added, "who has met Cliff 
Grobstein and his wife that has not been impressed." 

Although the wording of the Chamber's three telegrams was 
very careful, the sense was that the Chamber endorsed Grobstein. 
When several Hardin Jones supporters complajned that this was 
inappropriate in light of their own pro-Jones efforts, Peterson 
wrote to one of them to explain that the Chamber had not really 
endorsed Grobstein. But according to that Jones man, the letter 
really amounted to an apology. 

All this led to a rather comic scene in San Franci co at a 
meeting of the Regents' advi ory subcomrnittee on the earch for a 
UCSD chancellor. A Grobstein supporter, reportedly presented a 
letter from the chamber that appeared to endorse Grobstein. 
Another Regent, however, then produced Peterson's "apology' 
letter, and thus the Jones and Grobstein movements tended in this 
instance to cancel each other out. 

INFLUENTIAL PEOPLE 
The three telegrams of the chamber of cmmerce by no means 

tell the whole story of Grobstein's support. Local medical people, 
who had professional deal ings with Grobstein, were particularaly 
active in urging Grobstein's su pport. 

As dean of the medical school, it has been part of Grobstein's 
job to cooperate with San Diego businessmen on many projects. 
Thus he is a member of the chamber of commerce's Health 
Sciences Development Task Force. The aim of this group, 
according to Peterson is to build the area east and north of the 
UCSD campus into one of the top life and medical sciences 
centers in the world. 

Two of Grobstein's more important supporters. James Archer 
and Robert Biron, ae members of that task force. Biron is also 
president of a dvelopment corporation whose land is located just 
south of campus, although plans for development of that land are 
now substantially settled. 

The city of San Diego has committed itself to cooperating with 
the University in development of that area immediately behind 
campus. Thus the man who becomes chancellor at UCSD will 
have considerable power over what becomes of that land. 

When businessmen said that they thought Cliff Grobstein 
would be a responsible member of the larger community, they may 
have been thinking partly in the e terms. 

Much of Grobstein's serious support also grew out of a series 
of small luncheons, with perhaps five or six businessmen atten-
ding. One source told the TIMES, "These meetings were ideal. 
You had a frank , rapid-fire exchange that is impossible in larger 
meetings." 

Robert Biron, a former vice-chancellor at CSD, was 
responsible for arranging some of these luncheons. " People would 
call me up to ask about Dr. Grobstein ," he said, "and the most I 
would say is "I think you should meet the man for yourself." 

(Continued on page 2) 

triton ti es 
Volume 13, Num"er 11 

Regents Meeting 

Palcic Confronts Reagan on EOP 
Carl NeiblJrger 

City Editor . 
SAN FRANCISCO - The 

state cannot fund EOP at UC 
because of " runaway welfare," 
Governor Ronald Reagan told 
AS President Mike Palcic 
Friday. In a brief coversation, 
just before the governor left the 
Regents meeting at 'the Ex-
tension Center here, Palcic 
stated " we've got to have low 
income people in the Univer-
sity." 

Palcic explained he felt a 
balance of people from different 
income groups attending UC is 
desirable. He cited statements 
by the Governor supporting this 
view. 

Mike P.lcic 

The Governor replied, "The 
University has alwys funded 
EOP itself." He described EOP 
as an "experimental program" 
to include minority students in 
the University who would not 
ordinarily meet admission 
requirements. 

Palcic pointed out that the 
program was aimed at all poor 
people regardless of whether 
they were special admissions. 

Reagan said he did not feel 
the state should increase taxes 
and defied Palcic to tell him 
what programs he should cut to 
obtain funds. Palcic suggested 
that the governor cut his own 
staff, stating that UC was 
receiving proportionately less 
of the state budget. 

Reagan argued that "The 
Univenlty budget, in spite of 
their crybabylng, has Increased 
44% as never before. Education 
was 38% rl the state budget fi~e 
years ago and It is 38% now " 
The Governor added, "H there 
Is any decline in the quality of 
education, It Is due to problems 
within the Univenity." 

When asked about the 
Governor's remarks, AS 
legislative counsel William 
Twohy told the TRITON TIMES 
he beUeved that funding could 
be obtained by eliminating the 
state oU depletion allowance 
and placlna other to. on 
busineaea. 

University of California, San Diego Tuesday, May 25, "ll 
Regents Reception Cool 

Palcic Flies North, Urges Student 
Voting Privileges in Departments 

John Zoller "Students are in no way for those departments that want 
to enfranchise students to do so. 

regardless of the final outcome. 
Stoff Writer asking to come in and take On Wednesday the Academic 

Council of the Statewide 
Academic Senate voted l~ to 
support continuation of the 
prohibition against student 
voting at the department level. 
Gabriel Jackson, in his capacity 
as chairman of the UCSD 
academic senate, concurred 
with that decision. 

SAN FRANCISCO - On 
Friday, the UC Regents met 
Mike (Heavy) Palcic, UCSD 
student body president. 

Reading in the morning paper 
that one of his pet projects -
student voting privileges at the 
department level-was facing 
an eminent defeat, Palcic 
dropped everything and flew to 
the San Francisco Regents 
meeting to plead the student 
cause. The ~pound leader 
didn't even take time to change 
from his standard blue jeans, T-
shirts and sandals. 

"Quite frankly," he told the 
Board, including Governor 
Reagan, "The Regents' stan-
ding orden actually prohibit 
meaningful student par-
ticipation at the department 
level 

" The whole University 
community would benefit 
greaUy if this roadblock were 
removed. You have delayed 
long enough." 

Palclc's request to speak was 
entirely out ci order, but the 
Regents listened poUtely. "I 
had to do something," Palcle 
apologized afterward, 

Noting that students now have 
significant representation on 
many administrative com-
mittees, he pointed out that 
"very Uttle has been done in the 
academic area." 

over," Palcic argued, "one 
quarter or one-tenth 
representation is all that we 
want." 

Effort for Naught 

"Students have been working 
very hard to get a meaningful 
voice," he continued, "but so 
far our effort has gone for 
naUght." 

Palcic stressed that he did not 
want student delegates to be 
forced on all departments. He 
argued instead for a " local 
option" that would make it legal 

Throughout California 

Response to Palcic was cool. 
Governor Reagan continued the 
activity that preoccupied him 
for most of the two hour 
meeting: he quietly twisted a 
pencil about a rubberband, 
occasionally allowing the pencil 
to twir~ thus relieving the 
pressure on the rubber band. 

"I don't want you to think 
your efforts have gone for 
naught," said Regents Chair-
man William French Smith, 
after Palcic's address, "at least 
now your problem is 
recognized." Later he added, 
"You have done a fine job," 

UC President Charles Hitch 
told the Regents that he also felt 
students should not be given 
voting privileges at the 
department leve~ though he 
stressed that his thinking was 

( ontinued on page ) 

Election Problems Plague Colleges 
Corrie Rickey 
Staff Writer 

Now that the dust has settled omewhat after 
UCSD's "thrills and spills" AS election, it seem 
the appropriate time to take a look at the 
"scoreboard" to ee how student elections at some 
other California institution of higher learning 
have turned out. And as we await the showdown 
between Karl Keating and Paul Kaufman in the 
bottom of the e'lenth here in La Jolla, our 
"scoreboard" hows orne unusual electoral pIa 
at four other UC campuse and Stanford nd U 
as well. 

A bernu ed reporter from the DAILY TRO-
JAN at USC told the TRITON TIME that the 

president of USC declared student election in-
valid because of report of faulty poll upervi ion 
(the intimation wa that extreme ballot-box 
tuffing had taken place) and the que tionablene s 

of the ecurity mea ure taken to watch the 
ballot . "nn,. (I , A,! "'p fl, •• itt 
ment admitting that he, per onally, had tuffed 14 
ballot in one ballot box," di clo ed the D I L Y 
TROJA reporter. A po e man from til.: <itudent 
Court at USC wa quoted by the DT as a in , 
"These thing happen every year:' At la t word 
from U C, nc elections will be held in the fall . 

PIa tic-coated 1.0. card are given to all enroll-
ed tudent at UC anta Barbara. These pIa ticiz-

(CODtillued oa PI e 3) 



Legal Crmmunity Seminar . 

Lawyers, Judge to Discuss Drug Laws 
8urb Simon s c t Af b . f e u cr. ter a fie presenta- were arrest: search and seizure, student, and graduate of UCSD, 
SIoH Wrile r tion about their roles, the panel landlord-tenant relations, and serves as one advisor. The other 

"Dope and the Law: Bust, Bail, will answer questions from the police-student dialogues. group advisor is assistant dean 
and Tnal ," is the topic of a audience. UCSD Legal Com- All of the topics involve legal of student affairs and "campus 
seminar to be presented May 26 munity members expressed to the problems and confrontation lawyer:' Allen Zinc. 
by the UCSD Legal Community. IT their hope that students will between two groups. According Purposes of the UCSD Legal 
The seminar, which will be held air questions such as what hap- to a member of the UCSD Legal Community are to promote ra- . 
in the Gym at 8 p.m., provides pens between arrest and trial. Community, the confrontation tional analysis of issues affecting 
an opportunity to question memo does a Narc work on campus, will hop e r u II y imp r 0 v e students, to conduct educational 
bers of the law profession who and who qualifies to use the community -student relations. programs which will promote 
work directly with drug offenses. services of a public defender. Members of the UCSD Legal more effective analysis and to 
Members of the panel include The seminar on drugs and the Community are primarily coordinate with non-campus 

an undercover narcotics agent, a law is the fourth University-com· pre -law students, although groups (police, landlords, etc.) in 
public defender, a District At- munity interaction arranged this anyone is welcome to join, ac- alleviating stresses placed on 
torney , a U.S . attorney , a year by the UCSD Legal Com· cording to a group spokesman. students by the actions of these 
Superior Court judge and a pro- munity. Previous seminar topics Steve Pingree a first year law groups. 
Ch;;~';:n:;;:::;:::::::::~::::::::::::;:;:::;:;:;:::;:::;:::;:::::::::;:::::;:;::::::::-;:::: ..... ::::::::~~;~~:~~~~!~:;~::~~:~:~~·:~:i::i:~~:~;~~~::~~~~::: 

(Continued from page I, But Biron stresses, "No meetings were held except by invitati on 
James Archer, a San Diego attorney, and former Regent, told of the people involved ... at no time did Dr. Grobstein solicit 

the TIMES, "We heard about Grobstein and invited him down to support. At no time did he advertise himself as a candidagte for 
have lunch with us. ' Our group (including Philip Anewalt and chancellor. He simply responded to people who wanted to become 
Robert Biron) has always taken an interest in UCSD." aquainted with him." 

Archer, Biron, and Anewalt were members of the Chamber of The TIMES has found no di rect evidence to the contrary. 
Commerce committee that worked 10 years to bring a campus of Contacted by the TIMES, Grobstein said, "Wherever a social 
the University of California to San Diego. Both Archer and Biron objective is sought, individuals tend to push for it. I would be 
took active interest in previous searches for a new chancellor. surprised if that didn 't happen here. But as far as an organized 

AN IMPRESSIVE NON·CAMPAIGN effort goes, if there was one, I honestly don't know about it." 
I don't know a single person," Biron told the TIMES, " Who Grobstein said that he refused to be advertised as a candidate 

spent a substantial amount of time with Cliff Grobstein and did for chancellor. At one or two luncheons he said, "it was fai rly 
not come away very impressed." transparent" that businessmen were concemed primarily about the 

Several businessmen concurred with this judgement, one ad- chancellorship, but no direct references were made. 
ding that " almost everyone ended up suppnrting him. I guess he Grobstein said that in the normal course of being dean of the 
was a good salesman." medical school, he deals with San Diego businessmen regularly. 

Another source added that the people Grobstein met are "the DUPED CONSERV ATIVES 
people who have influence in San Diego." This Grobstein support from " people with influence" has had 

Television star Raymond Burr, according to several sources, complex ramifications. 
has also been active on Grobstein's behalf. Burr, who has taken an Many Regents, including Mrs. William Randolph Hearst, 
interest in the University of California on other occasions, was came to believe that some of Grobstein 's normally conservative 
one of the prime movers in the effort to build a distinguished bio- business supporters had been "duped." Mrs. Hearst gave at least 
medical complex around UCSD. In this process, he came to know two San Diego businessmen a verbal lashing of which they hadn't 

thought her capable. "She chewed me out good," one man told the 

UNDER 
NEW MANAGEMENT 

GIGANTIC DISCOUNTS 
FOR STUDENTS 

UP TO 50% OFF ON: 
TURNTABLES 
CARTRIDGES 
BASES 
COMPONENTS 

BASF & SONY TAPE 
COVERS 
GIBSON 

AND MORE 
AT 

MARTIN 
GUITARS 

LA JOLLA MUSIC 1128 WALL Sf. LA JOLLA 

j 'l I ' II I · Dope ( I ~'L:dL JLl~GE 1 ,'/ I j 
foEf U"SE 

Busf~ 

PROS[C uiOR 
j .l / 
'; 1 

AG ENT S 

\JedN~.sdilj 
Ma.~ ) b 

UC SDGYM 
• (Tr·al 

Page 2 Tri ton Times Tuesday, M ay 26. 1971 

TIMES, "She was really something else." 
Confronted with this "duped" charge, businessmen denied it 

vigorously. " You won't find any more conservative men anywhere 
than brothers Archer, Anewalt, and Biron," said James Archer, 
"and we are satisfied that Grobstein would operate the campus on 
conservative principles But we haven't been able to convince 
some Regents." 

Biron concurred: " I don't think any of us who consider 
ourselves sophisticated businessmen have been duped by anyone." 

Mrs. Hearst has apparently carried her strong objections to 
Grobstein to the Governor's Office. According to one reliabie 
source, Mrs. Hearst threatened the Governor that if he supported 
the Grobstein appointment, the Hearst Papers would "Si t on their 
hands" when Reagan runs for the U.S. Senate in 1974. 

As far as the TIMES can determine, Governor Reagan never 
did commit himself either for or against Grobstein. As reported 
previously, President Hitch never submitted Grobstein 's name for 
a formal vote by the Regents because he wasn't sure that it would 
be approved. Any of several influential Regents. including John 
Canaday, William French Smith. and Reagan, could have tipped 
the scale in Grobstein 's favor if they wished but all three 
remained fairly neutral. 

Many of Reagan's regular upporters are unhappy about his 
failure to act on their recommendation s. Cautiously refraining 
from a direct u e of Reagan's name, Robert Biron told the TIM ES. 
"The biggest disappointment is that Grobstein's name never came 
to a vote alter so many people in the community made heartfelt 
expressions of support for him. This isn't right." 

Another businessman was willing to go even further. though he 
would not allow his name to be used. "Most of Grob tein's 
prominent supporters are solid Republicans," he said, "a lot of 
them are very puzzled. They have upported the party regularly 
for many year and they think they should have some influence on 
these kind of things. They think Reagan hould have acted." 

Reagan apparently felt he could not satisfy all seekers. 
however. Hardin Jones supporter s. many of them al so 
busi ne~smen, were coming in the other door. 

COFFEE HUT- COFfEE HUT 

FLlCKS-FLICKS-FLlCKS 

WEDNESDAY NIGHT 

SAHARA 
WITH BOGART 

FREE-FRU-FREE-FREE 

Federal Grants Announced 
Federal contracts and grants totalling approximately S15.8 

million, were awarded to UCSD during the first three months of 
1971, Acting Chancellor Herbert York announced yesterday. 
Of federal research funds granted to all nine campuses of the 

University of California during the period. nearly one-third of the 
total went to researchers at UCSD. Awards to the San Diego 
campus exceeded those made to UCLA by nearly 54 million, and 
those made to Berkeley by approximately 56.5 million during the 
first quarter of the year. 
The greatest number of individual awards at UCSD were received 

by the Scripps Institution of Oceanography and the School of 
Medicine. Programs in the departments of chemistry, biology, 
physics, mathematics, psychology, aerospace and mechanical 
engineering sciences, extension and APIS were also funded. 

UCSD Wins Silver Anvil 
UCSD has been named as one of 23 national winners of the 

Public Relations Society of America Silver Anvil Award, one of 
the top awards in the field of public relations. 
UCSD . one of two winners from California, was chosen in the 

Community Relations category for its Speakers Bureau Project. 
The project, submitted by Mrs. Jackie Janke, Television and 
Radio and Speakers Bureau coordinator for UCSD . outlined the 
efforts put forth by the fac u Ity, staff and students to bridge the 
communications gap between the campus and the community. 
Under the direction of Mrs. Janke, an inexpensive brochure 

listing more than 400 speaker topics in 40 categories was 
distributed to community organizations and local schools during 
1970. The number of available speakers was increased, as was the 
number of engagements, with the result that contact was made 
with more than 50,000 citizens during the year. 

Computer Science Seminar 
A seminar on careers in com puter science & programming and 

analysis -- will be presented at 7 p.m. Thursday in the Informal 
Lounge, Revelle C,ammons. The speakers wi ll describe their own 
work experiences and answer questions pert aining to academic 
preparation and experience usually required for entry-level posi-
tions, the variety of areas offering employment, prospects for the 
future , etc. 
At the conclusion of the seminar, a one and a half hour test will 

be offered for those who many be uncertain as to their aptitude for 
a career in computer science. Anyone wishing to take the test 
should first contact Career Education Planning Services, ex\. 
2401. 

Book Sale for Farm Workers 
On Thursday and Friday of this week there will be a book sale in 
Revelle Plaza to raise ~oney for striking United Farm Workers in 
San Ysidro. The money will be used for food, medicine and 
clothing for the workers and their families. 
On March 26, twelve Mexican green card workers were fired 

from the Egger-Ghio ranch in the south bay area. These workers 
claim that they were fired for wearing union buttons (they were the 
only ones out of a full force of 117). As soon as the twelve were 
fired, another 90 workers left the farm. A total of 80 workers are 
still on strike. 
Professors as well as students are asked to donate u ed and,! or 

new books they do not want. Many professors and students have 
already done so. These books can be brought to the sa le itself, or 
left in.Cluster I Library this week. The entire UCSD community is 
invited to come and browse through the ale. 

L AT T e t Da te Announced 
ATTENTION PRE-LAW STUDE TS: 
The LSAT Testing Schedule for 1971 -72 is as follows 

Clo ing Dates for Registration 

Sept. 24. 1971 
Nov. 26, 1971 
Jan. 21, 19 72 
Mar. 17, 1972 
july 7, 1972 

Test Date 

Oct. 16,1971 
Dec. 18,1971 
Feb. 12, 1972 
Apr. 8, 1972 
July 29, 1972 

Applications are available at the Revelle Dean's Office and will 
be available until the end of August. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F' st. 

PAYS DONORS 
lor services 
Tues. thru Sat . 

233·8328 

If 
.,." Ir. in' lrest. 4 i" mot.r (yellS 

Wt .... 4 • (-."1 rep. 
,. .. dOlI' "'"' lOr pion ..... 1$ ~.ttI 

"'"' ~ ... fi" f.r ,O U 
No phone (ails 

Stop in and see John 

PAC~r~C 
YAM AKA 

1Sil .ar." In 
Iciljc .... c~ 411-1555 

Muir Curriculum Meeting Today 
Revelle to Make Appointments 

Elections ••. 
(Continued from page 1) 

ed 1.0. cards are validated for voting in AS 
elections by marking an "X" with a felt pen on the 
back of the card. A UCSB DAILY NEXUS 
reporter informed the IT that the legitimacy of the 
ASUCSB elections is in question because the 
"validation" can be easily effaced from the I.D. 
card, and "many students have taken advantage of 
the opportunities for multiple voting." 

The graduate student's election at UCLA have 
been postponed at the request of the UCLA 
Communications Board because the DAILY 
BRUIN has been accused of presenting biased 
editorials, and of not allowing enough time for 
certain candidates to rebut these editorials. 

While Muir College is holding meetings today 
and tomorrow to discuss curriculum, the Revelle 
Committee on College Affairs Is seeking ap-
plicants for college and campus-wide com-
mittees. The Student Manpower Conunittee of 
the Muir College COWicil will also be seeking 
appointees in the near future. 

Meetings to discuss the present Muir College 
curriculwn will be held today and tomorrow, 
May 25 and 26, at 4 p.rn. in the downstairs snack 
bar of the Muir Commons. These discussions 
have been planned by the newly-created Muir 
purpose is to detennine the effectiveness of Muir 
College courses as they relate to the needs of 
Muir undergraduates. The entire Conunlssion 
urges all students who have comments regar-
ding the current curriculwn to attend. 

RCCA will be accepting applicants through 
Rriday of this week for the offices indicated 
below. Those of a camptl$-wide nature will also 
be open to Muir students applying through the 
Muir Student Manpower Committee. Third 
College has not yet announced any appointment 
procedure. 
Judicial Committee (Revelle College) 

Four Revelle undergraduates are appointed to 
this student-faculty committee charged with 
hearing matters involving violation m Revelle 
College or C8JDptI$-wide regulations by any 
member of the Unlversity community while on 
the Revelle campus or attending a function 
sponsored by Revelle College. 
PlazI CoIllllllUee (Revelle College) 

Two Revelle undergraduates serve on this 
committee, in addition to one student appointed 
by the Residence Hall Council They are 
responsible for the volwne control of any am-
plification equipment used in the plaza. Their 
duties include the enforcing of, and in special 
circumstances, the granting of exception 

policies established for use of sound am-
plification equipment in the plaza. 

One W1dergraduate from each college is ap-
pointed to this campus-wide committee. It is 
responsible for making recommendations to the 
Chancellor regarding allocation of at least $100 
of the $150 per student per quarter fee, collected 
in Registration fees, and how such funds shall be 
utilized on campus. The committee presenUy 
funds such activities as the Student Health 
Center and Health Insurance Program, in ad-
dition to the Intramural Athletics Program and 
the Communications Board, the Anomaly 
Factory, the Campus Programming Board and 
the Matthews Campus Art Gallery. 

Communications Board ( ASUCSO Committee) 
Two undergraduates from each college are 

appointed to the Board, which is concerned with 
the promotion, maintenance, and regulation of 
all commWlications media at UCSO (KSDT and 
the TRITON TIMES). 
Campus Programming Board (ASUCSO 
Committee) 

One undergraduate from each college is ap-
pointed to this committee which sponsors and 
funds any type of cultural event which is either 
too large of a financial proposition for an in-
dividual college to fund, or of a broad and 
general interest to the University community . 
A.S. -Representative (Revelle College) 

One Revelle undergraduate is to serve in the 
capacity of a liaison between the Revelle 
Committee on College Affairs and the Executive 
Committee ( the Revelle College Government) 
and the ASUCSD. This appointee is responsible 
for attending both RCCA and AS Council 
meetings, and reporting to the RCCA issues 
under discussion in the AS, as well as keeping the 
AS informed d. the interests and priorities d. 
Revelle CoDe e. 

An enterprising UC LA senior. Bob Elias, has. 
according to the DAILY BRUIN , won three out 
of the five offices he ran for in the ASUCLA 
elections. Elias is, at present, the ASUCLA head 
cheerleader-elect; he ran stressing the fact that he 
would not attend any athletic events, but that he'd 
have great fun visiting all the cities where the 
athletic teams were sent. The vote-ma~net Elias 
also is UCLA's elected National Student 
Association representative, and his platform con-
sisted of a solemn vow to disband the "ineffectual" 
NSA. To the third post to which Elias was elected, 
commissioner of cultural affairs, he intends to 
devote himself whole heartedly. He placed third in 
the election for ASUCLA president, and he placed 
second in the race for girls' vice-president. 

Despite the fact that reporters from UC Irvine's 
NEW UNIVERSITY say their AS elections were 
"uneventful", Irvine elections have produced a 
unique presidential arrangement : one AS president 
to handle internal affairs, the other AS president to 
handle external affairs. One candidate who oppos-
ed the presidential pair in the original elections is 
challenging the electoral outcome by accusing the 
NEW UNIVERSITY of illegal endorsement of the 
duel candidacy. 

CALIFORNIA AGGIE reporters at UC Davis 
told the TRITO TIMES that students in the 
graduate school of law have been called upon by 
the chancellor to submit recommendations con-
cerning the legitimacy of recent AS elections 
procedure. It appears as though the elected officers 
have been installed by this year's AS assembly, 
despite the fact that protests concerning illegal 
balloting have been made by other parties . 

Error in Third College Heodline 

VOTE 
NOW 

MON- FRI 

The TRITON TIMES regrets that due to poor judgment on our 
part, the article concerning Jack Douglas and Third College on 
the front page of our last issue had a highly misleading headline 
and subhead. 

The kicker, which read "Student Sub·Standard," should have 
been in quotes and designated as a c;harge made by Douglas. 
Another subhead in the story read "TC 'A Failure'. " This also 
should have been credited to Douglas. 

The TRITON TIMES. in fact, found no evidence to substan-
tiate Douglas' charges. We believe the article makes this clear. We 
apologize for the mistakes, and wish to assure all parties involved 
that these errors came about as a result of a rush to meet 
deadlines, and not out of an desire to sensationalize issues. 

Muir College: Lo and Behold 
A Little Greener Every Day! 

A young Torrey Pine ambi tiously races Building 2-A to the sky. 

A sycamore branch bends wistfully before the austere southern face of Building 2-C. 

There was a day when John 
Muir lay in his grave chewing 
his nails, thinking about that 
ecological disaster area of a 
college which carries his name. 
Lately, though, the old boy must 
be resting a lot easier knowing 
that someone is finaJJy getting 
around to planting some 
greenery amidst a ll tha t 
cement. 

First a little grass here and 
there, then a few bushes, a 
Torrey Pin~ or two, and slowly 
but surely, Muir is turning into 

a place where you don't feel you 
need a tractor to get around 
anymore. 

Steve Kuntz, of Architects 
and Engineers, explains how 
the Torrey Pines population of 
UCS D is being increased, 
"First, the Torrey Pines 
Kiwanis C ub is planting 
seedlings as part of a contest 
which they will later turn over 
to us. Secondly, Dr. Robertson's 
Muir Chemistry class is also 
growing some 200 seedlings. 
"We plan to incorporate these 

trees in the Muir residence haJJ 
landscaping in August." 

Mr. Kuntz received many 
angry calls after a TRITON 
TIMES April Fool picture 
caption had led some readers to 
believe that the mature trees 
recently planted at Muir were 
" lifted" from Torrey Pines 
Park. Mr. Kuntz assures the 
TRITON TIMES however, that 
the trees were actually given to 
the University by a private 
individual who was about to 
clear them off his land. 

No. this is not an aerial photo of the Imperial alley after an earthquake, but rather 
the many boxes of vines which will one day envelope the Muir cement monoliths. 

Tuesday. May 25. 1971 Triton Times Page 3 



triton tiD1es 
University of c.lifornia. SIn Diego 

LI JoIIi. Cllifornil 92037 
17141 453-2000. 'lit. 1016. Advertising ,"t. 1017 

Haywood Gammon. Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried. Business Manager 

The editorial, ,.pressed below oro approved by the TRITON TIMES Edilor~lloard. ~II olher opinion. 
•• pressed on Ihi' pogo a .. lhose of lhe aulhor. whose nomos aPfMar 'n lhe byhne •• and do nal 
noce .. orily r,flecllhe views of the TIlTON TIMES. Anyone desiring to .ubmit maleriallo be published in 
thisltction ,""'lei .. nd illo lhe Edilorial Direclor. TIlTON TIMES. 11711olc, Hall. UCSD. 

Crisis At UCSD 
This week students are being asked 

to vote themselves an AS fee increase 
of six dollars in order to offset a 
looming crisis in financial aids. In the 
wake of what must seem like a never-
ending series of AS and college elec-
tions we hope that you, the students, 
will not let apathy make this decision . 
Bes ides a ,two-thirds majority a 
reasonably high percentage of voter 
turn-out is needed to secure passage of 
the measure. 

Deliberately-created issues aside, 
financial aids is the first "real," and 
certainly the most important, issue 
that students will decide upon with 
their votes. A sound financial aids 
program is imperative not only for the 
one-third of the student body who 
receives aid of some type (work study, 
national defense loans, EOP)' but for 
every student who cares about what 
the University is suppose to stand for . 

The UC system is a public one, 
financially funded by the state of 
California, which idealistically will 
provide the opportunity for higher 
education to .11 qualified students, 
Tuition increases and declining sup-
port for financial aids makes a double-
edged sword which will rapidly make 
the " public" University an institution 
for those FINANCIALLY qualified. 

We regret that students must tem· 
porarily bear the burden of raising 
financial aid, because we believe this 
responsibility ultimately lies with the 
state. The state used taxes from ALL 
Ihe people of California to erect the 
buildings, provide the facilities, and 
pay the salaries of professors. The 
buildings, facilities and professors of 
the University are suppo:.ed to be 
available to all qualified citizens of 
California, not just the middle and 
upper class segments of society who 
can overcome the financial 'barriers. 

What it boils down to is that within the 
realm of who should attend the 
University. we really believe in that 
ideal of equal opportunity for all. Our 
state government through its inaction 
has shown that it is not sure. Through 
the referendum we, the students of 
UCSD, will decide if we believe in it. 

The proposed AS fee increase will not 
resolve the crisis in financial aids ; it is 
only a stop-gap measure to buy time. 
Its real importance, however, lies in 
the fact that if students show their 
belief that the University should 
remain open to all qualified students, 

triton 

they will create a powerful tool for 
changing the attitudes of legislators in 
Sacramento where the final solution 
lies. 

Finally we hope students realize"that 
the proposed AS fee increase is not 
simply another in the series of 
disagreements between the AS fac-
tions. The issue is bigger than both of 
them. And we hope that conservatives 
on campus, if they must display that 
inevitable opposition to anything that 
smells of sharing the burden, will not 
paint it as such. 

In today's Letters -to-the -Editor 
someone actually tries to show that 
there is no financial aids crisis at all. It 
probably reflects the type of argument 
you will be hearing against the 
proposed fee increase. The letter's 
thesis is of course destroyed if you read 
it carefully and realize-·that the bulk of 
its "total increase allocation" comes 
from the increase in the educational 
fee deferment money. However, these 
funds are not even relevant to the 
problem, since this money can be used 
ONL Y to meet the tuition increases of 
last year, this year, and next year. 

When tuition was imposed, fee 
deferments were promised for all 
financial aid students, therefore tuition 
is not, at the PRESENT time, con-
sidered part of the immediate financial 
aids problem, since students are 
automatically covered by this loan. 
Increases in fee deferment funds 
provide no relief since this money 
cannot be used for any other purpose. 
Mention of the California State 
Scholarship money refers to funds 
given to students before they enter the 
University, only to cover tuition and 
fees i therefore it only partially helps 
students who come here needing 
financial aid. 

This program represents the entire 
state contribution to financial aids, and 
is disproportionately low compared to 
the grandiose verbal commitments 
made by Reagan . Finally, he refers to 
an AS scholarship fund, which is what 
the proposed fee increase is all about, 
and certainly it is not a sure thing . 

Do not be led astray . There is a 
financial aid crisis at UCSD and a real 
issue at stake in the AS referendum . If 
you believe in the concept of a public 
University, vote to support financial 
aids . Otherwise, accept the fact that it 
will truly become a PRIVATE, middle 
and upper class preserve. 

tirrles 
New.Oept 
Ed Soyle 

E.lil"r- ill -Chi.·f .. 11 .•. , ,,,,,,,1 C .1I11I1IOII Ro,.,OeCo,.o 
. 8obb,. f,n' 

Con'flbuto,~ 
JIm 5,lh 

Pho'09,gphy 
Jon Fronek 

AdY~f t i .in9 
D*portment 
Mark T"Ulng 

Sv~on ( odt ' 

Cit~ I·: .lil llr. . . L.d \"d,," ;: , .• Jeft G,ohom 
\10111 'Ilillll Edilnr . . . " il.. ,· " I." ,' ,. ~ ob." Moll. , 
. " (I 'I I . De bb,. Mon'gon,., y ~ . ul. ~ •. d.lur , .... ' .. ltlt~ : r t ' . I ~.m fron ~ Phll"ps 

II,, -i ,. .... '1a",,~ ........... ".J! , ... 11·.1 CI, ff Po" 
blitll rial " i""' lor _ . I(,,,,,d ( .' ".1 ... · .. .. - Mark S,ogel 

I Borboro Sunon \ ...... · iu l.' Cil~ E.filur ... c,,, I ' n . U \ fI~ ' " John Zolltr 
""11 ~ :-"1, ill 

Arri". 

. rh Deportment 
Tom 8r~f 
Joy G dlt ll l' 
lorry Jol'IMon 
Sargun To" , 
Krn Bo rnl\ 

Molly Selvln 

S." .. allal S.aff 
Stht COhtn 

S h~ l lo Calhoun 
Au' , Managing Ed Copy Veportmlnt 
Joe EO\ltrn 
(amy ShOIiCk Oebble M orl1Qome,y \rt- E.lit ... ......... T.-rr~ II ... .. 1. 
~p"rh E,lil"r . . . ... HII.I. , 11..1f1l1l Sarah M cKe nno Glena Sd'ltOtler Sport. W,i,e, 

Mike ROlh !'h"lnll",!,h, E.I il"r .... " all II i II tOil 
Allan S" vlo 
Geo' g~ SOlonl 

Prodvuion 
Dove Bu(hblndef 

The TifTON TIMES IS offl(lolI~ recognl ltd and \upporfed 0) 0 "tuden! new\pope ' by tne Comm\ln'C OhOn\ Boord 
of the Unlvt ri"" of (ol, fo,n,o Son Diego 8ulld.no 250 MO llh~w ' Compu~ Lo Jollo Col, ' o,",o 92037 Pubh(Oflon 
1\ tWice wed l., on T"'e\doyl an d f fldo yl O ff ice;, ore lo(ot~d ,n room 117 8 lo~t Hall , on the Re vellf ( omp ui for 
"d •• r' ","v ph on e ~ ~ 3 2000. XI Ol 7 fo, .d" Ollolo,nf"' , phon.X I01 6 

Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday. May 25. 1971 

Opinion 

The U.S.-J apan Deal 
On Chinese Territory 

Henry Cheng~ Math David Wong, Physics 
Frank Yin, Ames Peter K. S. Wu~ Ames 

James C. Ling, Physics 

We would like to bring to the attention of the UCSD community 
a matter which has recently been of great concern to many people 
in this country. We hope to stimulate the sensitivity of our friends 
here in this community to this matter so that with joint effort we 
may still have time to prevent a serious miscarriage of justice on 
the part of the U.S. government 
The U.S. government is going to give to Japan in 1972 the Ryuku 

Islands (Okinawa is one of them) and in addition a group of 
uninhabited islets called Tiao Yu Tai (Senkaku in Japanese) on the 
oil-rich continental shelf off the Chinese coast Before showing 
you that these islets belong to China and must not be given to 
Japan , we wish to point out first that the right of the U.S. 
government to give Ryukyu to Japan is questionable. Rykuyu was 
an independent country until she was conquered by Japan in the 
late 19th century. Her people and language are not Japanese_ 
Since after the World War II she has been administered by the 
U .. S. for the United Nations. The administrative authority of the 
U.S. government entrusted by the UN does not imply any 
territorial right The U.S. government has no right to give away 
Ryukyu in making deals with the Japanese government. 
The Tiao Yu Tai islands are located about 120 nautical miles 

from the coast of mainland China, 240 nautical miles southwest of 
Okinawa, and 660 miles from Japan. These islands as well as 
Taiwan, are situated on the continental shelf of mainland China, 
in the sense that the depth of water between the islands and 
mainland China does not exceed 200 meters. A continental trough 
of more than 2000 meters deep divides these islands from the 
chain of the Ryuku islands. Chinese historical records detailing 
the discovery Ind geographical features of these islands date back 
to the 1403's Shun Feng Hsiang Sung (a navigator's map of the 
early Ming Dynasty). These islands have since been mentioned in 
numerous Chinese historical documents. 
For many centuries these islands have been used by Chinese 

fishermen as an operational base. Piers, wells and temporary 
living quarters have been constructed on them. These islands, 
along with Taiwan were seized by Japan in the 1895 Sino-
Japanese War. After World War II, the Tiao Yu Tai Islands fell in 
the rather arbitrarily drawn rectangular boundary of the U.S. 
Occupation Zone. These islands were to be returned· to Chilli IS 
indicated by the Cairo Declaration, the Potsdam Proclamation, 
and Article IV of the 1952 Sino-Japanese treaty. 
In 1968, a United Nations geological survey team revealed that 

the continental shelf on which these islands are located may 
contain rich oil deposits. Since that time, the Japanese govemment 
has repeatedly tried to assert illegitimate claims to these islands. It 
and the Ryukyu gove,rnment have committed a series of pro-
vocative acts such as sending gunboats to eject Chinese fishennen 
from the area. Recently, the Japanese government further declared 
tntention to build an unmanned weather station on the Tiao Yu 
Tai. We are all very shocked by this new series of systematic 
aggressive moves on the part of the J apanes;: government. Those 
of us who have suffered invasions by the militaristic, imperialistic 
Japan on China understand only too well the implications of rich 
economic windfall which caused the Japanese government to 
assert such violent tactics. 
It has been too often that big military and economical powers 

make deals at the expense of other people's rights and territory. 
Handing over a piece of Chinese lerritory to Japan with the Ryuku 
package is completely unacceptable to the Chinese people. It may 
have di sasterous consequences. We appeal to the sense of justice 
of the American people to direct the U_S. government to : 
(I) recognize Chinese sovereignity over the Tiao Yu Tai is lands 

and disavow any Japanese claim that they are part of the 
American-administered Ryukyu islands. -
(2) censure actions by the Japanese and the Ryukyu govemments 

for their use of force in attempting to resolve the issue. 
The U.S. and Japanese governments are negotiating now. We 

hope the just action of American people in this matter will prevent 
the rights of the Chinese people from being sacrificed as an 
expedient to international politics. 
---...-_--..................................... ...... 

FINANCIAL AIDS 
DISCUSSION 
ON KSDT S50 

TUESDAY MAY 25 
AND THURSDAY 

MAY 27, 6-9·P.M. 
.................................................. 

Aids Crisis? 
Editor : Sermon On The Mount, 

Matt6:5 During the past week I come across information 
concerning our financial aid 
"cri sis" which might help to Faith does not depend on 
give students a better overall And the fact that three 
view of the situation. Contrary .ISSilll~lI'''' people got together 
to the article in last week 's n. elections in a city of 
it appears that there is not people shows me their 
state and three that the existing system 
funded economic assistance responsive to citizen 's 
programs that have been CUi 
but only two federally fund~ 
programs (nos. 5 and 6 below I. 
( 1) UC Grant in Aid 
(2 ) Pres. Work Study 
(3) Ed. Fee Deferment 
(4) Educational Opp. Grant 
(5) National Def. StUd . Loan 
16) Federal Work Study 
17) Calif State Schol. 
t 8 J State Ed. Opport. Grant 
19, AS Scholar. Fund 

70·71 diff. in 71-72 

is you, Copley Press, with 
only in token actions and 

that is setting a bad 
Three people have 

already that they want 
the system a chance. 

ArcbHayes 

(1) 
(2) 
(3) 
(4) 
(5) 
(6) 
(7) 
(8) 
(9) 

allocations Regents of the 
$490.150 
$ 93.750 
$106.000 
$135.700 
$378.263 
$166.714 
$163.000 
$ 0 
$ 0 

+40.686 .i,,~rc" t California 
+ 10.865 the non-

+ 234 .000 tuition fees by $300 per 
+6.400 . This increase is going to 

-108.685 the already burdened 
-55 .~ of graduate and 

+63 000 te foreign students 
. 0 unbearable situation. 

+50-60.000 ago. when we were 

Total increase 
allocation-+ 403.951 

Total decrease 
allocation- -163.748 

about relief from the 
existing high cost of 

in the University of 
we had very Ii ule 

response from the 
student body. Much as 

One ('annot contend that difficult to find reasons for 
denial of parts of the apathy. it is also hard to 
increase constitutes a . that students are 
for the same reason. ont l.ctant to do anything about 
cannot be said to " burden. 
something from you that 'ng to try again . 
don 't have . .renl:l~ we are not alone in 

Not to flog a dead horse. bul this time. Foreign 
" Heavy 's " (pun not intend~ , San Diego State and 
feeling' that the "State" not tIIr have also 
student should pay the increase to tuition 

increases. A joint effort could 
make the difference. 

Please come to the meeting 
of foreign students on Monday. 
May 24th. at 7:30 p.m. in Room 
3010. USB. 

Pradeep Kumar (Ext. 1037) 
'V.S. Samant (Ext. 1040) 

Thank Elaine 
Editor: 

I think all Revelle residence 
students should thank Elaine 
for taking the initiative to rid 
Discovery and the other 
Revelle residence halls of those 
mangy beasts that run in wild 
packs attacking unsuspecting 
persons without warning for no 
apparent reason. I will now be 
able to walk across the Revelle 
Plaza without fear that I shall 
be pursued and/or attacked by 
a four-legged. smelly brute 
t ha t not onl y creates 
uproarious disturbances with 
others of his species. but also 
draws students from their 
studies to actually play with . 
fondle . and touch those canine 
monstros i ties_ 

Thank you . Elaine. for going 
right to " the top" with your 
complaints and grievances. No 
middle man ever got anything 
done and I'm sure our provost 
would spend the time to create 
and shape himself into the role 
of dog catcher. Your suite-
mates could have solved your 
immediate problem but you 
and I know that total control is 
total effectiveness_ And we 
don't want to be anything less 
than perfect. And once again. 
thank you. Elaine. Now that the 
dogs are gone. I am relatively 
safe in assuming that I may 
now let m\ horse loosc and in 
this now deserted dog pound he 
will overcome his canine 
complex." I he never liked my 
room anyway I. 

E. Ploetz is slightly confusing. TIlt 
"State" usually gets its money 
from the taxpayers . Those 
students who -are Financially 
aided from home get the ir 
parents to pay for the increase. 
either through taxes or through 
the " temporary " fee increase. 
It is the student who is working 
his way through college who is 
hurt by the increase ei ther 
way. Speaking of increase. has 
anyone thought abo~t a 
voluntary tee increase. .aHN IAIIIAN 
that a dirty word '? introducilll •••• ~ 

Craig 

Dear Copley 
Sill Die,. IItnatillll s,.ts SAT. 
AIIR. JMN.!. 5 

$5.00 DAY OF SHOW 
I Bill Gamble's Men's Stores, 

.•.•• _.,,-: .• ' ~.- . • -.~- Ticket Olrl«. 

Tbe followiag is a leiter 
submilted to tbe SAN DIEGO 
UNION by me. loday. In case 
of its failure to be prialed, I 
also submIt it to tbe TRITON 
TIMES for tbe University r.-~~-G~~ BUT MAY BE TOO INTENS 
commlaily. • •• 

FOR YOUNGER 
CHILDREN. 

Dear Copley Press. 

The picture 
runs 130 minutes! ... 

Organization Formed to Combat Problem 

Action NeededT 0 Alleviate Financial Aids Crisis 
Mike Palcic, AS President 

Unless something drastic is done, UCSD will face a crilical shortage 
of financial aids resources for neXI year. These funds, supplied largely by 
Ihe Federal Government and the University. are used to help low-income 
and minority students finance the rather expensive education obtained at 
the Universily (approximately 52550 per year). [n recent weeks UCSD 
received notification of its share of federal allocations for the National 
Defense Student Loan. Educational Opportunily Grant. and College 
Work-study programs. 

The table below shows the severe CUIS in two out of three programs 
and Ihe meager increase in the other. In the face of increasing need for 
resources due to more sludents attending Ihe University, a raise in tuition. 
and runaway inflation. Ihe Federal Government has responded by sending 
UCSD 153.000 fewer dollars for 1971-72 than for 1970-7 I. 

AUocalion Vetoed 
On the state level. last year's S I million allocalion to the University 

for EOP was vetoed by Governor Reagan. This year illooks as though the 
legislalUre may pass an appropriation based either on the University's 
request of U.5 million or S6_2 million. the reguesl of our ASUC slUdent 
legislative advocate in Sacramento. The actual needs of the EOP for these 
additional state funds could run as high as S 10 10 S 13 miUion. [n order to 
get to UCSD the appropriation muSI survive the governor's blue pencii. 
but I am convinced Ihai he does not see EOP at all as a high-priority item 
and will, in all probability, again veto any approprialion sent 10 him. 

[ cann!)1 overemphasize the broad implications these CUIS and non-
appropriations have for the students of [his campus. For example. as 
financial aids resources dry up, particularly the work -slUdy money. more 
and more needy slUdents will be forced to compete on the open job 
market This means Ihat Ihe already scarce number of campus jobs wiU 
have even more students seeking Ihem; in shon, it will be much more 
difficuh 10 secure a job. 

In societal terms these cuts translale to an increasing gap in the social. 
educational. and economic disparities that exist in our country_ If low-
income and minority studenls are forced out of the University because of 
inadequate financial resources. we will have taken a h~ge . backward step 
in the fight against racial discriminalion and Other societal inequities that 
these programs begin to help aUeviate. In addition we do not want a 
University exclusively for the rich_ 

ResponseNOIcd 
Students at UCSD have begun to respond to the need to do somelhing 

about these problems. The Coordinating Council on Financial Aids. a 
student-faculty-staff organization, was fonned at last Wednesday's finan-
cial aids crisis meeti",. [t has worked out several alternatives for the 
University community to ISsist in allevialing the problem. 

Through CCFA booths at Revelle. Muir and Matthews, students. 
facully and slaff can obtain fact sheets together with envelopes, stationery 

the 
fashionable 
affordables -
are at 

'~ ~1"lon Valier Cent.r. Grolamont Cent.r 
- ==- .~ , ~ '-

, 

, 

! 
I 

1 

(;f.~ ~- .. -. 
-. 

\ 

and stamps for writing letters to state and federal legislators. Unless il is 
clearly communicated to Ihem that these cuts have such se>ere implica-
tions for our campus, there will De little hope for any increased 
allocations. CCFA urges all members of the University community to 
write $(.\fa-allegislators asking that they respond to our urgent need . 

Another action endorsed by CCFA was a temporari ly increased AS 
fee for two quarters to serve as a slop-gap resource for next year. Students 
should realize that it is not their responsibility. but that of the government. 
to fund these programs. However. in light of the govemment's fa ilure to 
meet this responsibility. students are being asked to help OUI for one year. 

A Temporary Measure 
This tax is only temporary because the government would view 

a permanent, institutionalized fee as a substitute for its having to 
fund the programs, and this is exactly what must be avoided. If 
students see merit in extending this fee beyond next year, it must 
be re-approved through a referendum election. 

The C()-ordinating Council on Financial Aids will be holding 
additional meetings in the coming week to discuss other 
alternatives for generating more support. One proposal to be 
developed involves creating additional student jobs on campus 
wherever possible. Interested students, faculty and staff are invited 
It) attend these meetings where any and all ideas are welcome. 

FEDERAL FUNDING FOR 1971-1972 
Does not include required matching dollars 

1970-1971 1971-1972 1971-1972 
Allocation Approved 

Request 
Allocation 

Educational 131,748 260,280 142,505 Opportunity 
Grant 

Work-Study 166,714 274,304 111,651 

National Defense 
Student Loan 378,263 407,400 269,578 

Total 
Federal Monry 676,725 941,981 523,734 

ThaI's how many times PSA connects San Diego with Los An. 
gel es. Hollywood-Burbank. Ontar io. Long Beach. Oakland. San 
FranCisco. Sacramento. and San Jose_ WltM lowest air fares. 
Meet you r campus rep halfway. Or you r travel agent. Or PSA. 

PSA gives J'OU a 1ft. Time and again , your 
editorials have denounced lhe 
unorthodox factions in this 
country for their lack of an 
alternative to a political 
system that they feel is 
oppressive. You cry and moan 
that they should work with (he 
system. and not try only to 
destroy it. Yet when three 
unorth(\dox citizens who 
succe~~fully campaigned for 
city co~ncil seats in Berkeley 
did not recite the " Pledge of 
Allegiance." you throw out a 
cry and hue that dangeroUS 
elements are taking over our 

The story 
covers 96 01 the most critical hours in man 'S historyl .. . 

The .... pense 
_ ••• __ ReeeAeD ______ 1 

cities. 
J feel that the " Pledge of 

Allt!giance" is a vain holloW 
r"petition of mouthed wordS 
devised only for public di spla~. 
as I'm sure the three counc" 
members feel. The greatest 
menace to an existing political 
system who ever lived once 
said : 

will last through your liletime! 

And when thou prayest. thou raJ~ AUNM_PlCTUI![ 1[C!<NICOlOlfP ..... 'IS!ON· 
halt not be as the hypocrites EXCLUSIVE ENGAGEMENT 

are : for they love to pray -""'''''-I 5T ARTS THURSDAY 
tanding in the synagogu sand _lfA',.. ........ 

in the corners of the treets LlI.IAl_ s.._ . ,,,. .. , * 
that they may be seen of men r _____ .U."I.V.IR.SI.".A.V.I •• III.A.IC.O.U.IG.I.-.f ••• lI.'A ...... 1.110_..1 

o 
e 
~ , 
W 
e 

'" 

COllEGE IS 80% READING! 
NEED TO DO BETTER? 

SPEED . COMPREHENSION . VOCABULARY 
- STUDY SKILLS -

ADVANCED READING TECHNIQUES 
ENROLL FOR SUMMER CLASSES NOW 

233·7775 
APPLIED LEARNING CENTER 
2409 4th Avenue, 50n Diego 

:110 
• m , 

~ 
• o 

np I 
.:~:::::~.~~ ..... --......... ---........ ---....... ~ .. j 

WE DON'T TAKE YOUR MOVE LIGHTLY 

AAA 
VAN & STORAGE 

LOCAL 

583-7155 
SAN DIEGO 

NATIONAL 
WORLDWIDE 

757·6332 
NORTH COUNTY 

444·9455 
ELCAJON 

NEWLY APPOINTED STAFF AND FACULTY MEMBERS 
WE OFFER COMPLETE SERVICE FROM ALL 
PARTS OF THE COUNTRYTO SAN DIEGO 

Tuesday. May 26.1971 Triton Times Page 5 



April 24 Maybe Someday Again 
Dave Buchbinder 

Arts Writer 

Call It crazy or call it determination. but 
there we were the four of us. with backpacks 
and bedro i1 . traveling North on that great 
concrete ribbon known officially as 
Highways 5 and 99 through the mountains. 
valleys and cities of Southern and Central 
California, in our dilapidated '65 Dodge Dart 
bedecked With a huge red Peace ign 
surrounded by the word. "Peace:' in a half-
dozen different languages. We were on our 
way to the Bay, a squadron of troops, 
members of the Peace Army, the planet's 
only force that functions without any 
weaponry save that of heart. soul and above 
all , love , 

There was Camp P€'I1dleton. its golden hills 
and meadows gleaming in the afternoon 
sunshine almost beautiful. This the only open 
space in Megalapolitan Southern California . 
perhaps set there as a gift of God 's to remind 
us that nature still exists un[ouled even here. 
Then a tank passes by and a helicopter flies 
over our heads. 

San Clemente whizzes by, and as it does we 
honor America's Commander-in-Chief with a 
respectful bird salute and dignified Bronx 
cheers. 

Then the cities. Endless cities. so many 
that there are none. They crawl over the 
fos ils and the graves of the Indians heedless 
of their fate. Thei r towers reach out towards 
the heavens like so many Babels. We stop in 
rush hour . eat a sandwich and listen to 
commercials on the radio. 

We reach the mountains. and are detoured . 
" Nature has joined the Movement. " 
someone says as we leave a shattered 
overpass behind us . 

The tops of the mountains are covered with 
patches of untouched snow. while the valleys 
below are covered with burgeoning patches 
o[ raped slopes. which have been torn down 
to make way [or SubuFbia . Someday those 
mountains are going to be covered with 
houses. street and cars. 'Phe snow is melting 
fast. 

The great valley. Fields and fields and 
fie lds. Food for the lawyers and doctors. the 
police and judges. the professors and 
technicians. the disc-jockeys and producers. 
the Honest-John salesmen and the curators 
of museumS. the bank owners and 
philanthropic industrial presidents. and a 
slice of bread for the workers who grow the 
food for everyone to eat but themselves. 

It' s night now. so we can 't see very much 
except [or lights poking themselves up out of 
the darkne s here and there. And \lie can 
actually see star '. A treat for the Crbanites. 
Lots of stars. Dig it! 

The radiO is only speaking in melodie, of 
stat ic now. We pop out the Kazoo and sing 
song ' lor a couple of hours. The singing kills 
the lime and bel ore we know it we're in the 
Bay area. where the radio works correct!\·. 

We've reached our destination. The trustv 
car IS parked. we enter the house In BerkeleY 
where \\ e are staying. roll out the backpacks. 
lay awake thinking about what' · going to 
happen dUring the next lew da ys. what has 
already happened Iwith the GI's in 
Wa ,hlngton I and II nall \' we tall asleep dead-
\ired lull 01 revolulionar~' len ·or . 

II 

La,t Augu"t. Tel graph Avenue was 
churncll into dirt by bull-dozcrs. , tor 
wiOdo\\ s had been hoarded up du to 

tra ~hln ~. and th . people who live Telegraph 
wore de pair In their eyes The cops were 
buslinf allth vajlabonds out ot paranoia and 
j alou >r Evcr~'one Il ouid \\alk drour.d In a 

d e pr e , ~ d manner . bad dope was 
ever~ I' here and \'cr\ on was upset. 
Perhal s Ihe~' were stili In a , tate of hock 
over ( an1bodla and Kent. and perhap" thi s 
' hock had resulted In a state 01 defeated 
pesslll I m Whatever the ca,e. it was a 
conser sus at that time that Berkeley wa 
' Ilung on a pO\\der k g. Thl " ma~' illl be 
true. but at least lor the time being the luse 
IS temporan l~' dl~ onnected 

Th ' tores have \\'IndoII" noll' . and the 
populace 'cem, to have exchanged th Ir 
e~'e s The .\pril Coalliion Ithe radicals who 
ran lor ott lee In the recent Berkeley cit\· 
elections' actuall\' 1I'0n a victon ot'sort :. 
and at lea,t pohticall\' thi embraces some 
ob cure semblance to happiness. 

Thi pa t year has been one of examination 
and experimentation on the part of the 
counter-culture or whatever you may want to 
call it. This examining and exp rimenting is 
probably nowhere more apparent than in 
Berkeley. Communes are beginning to 
achieve success in the sense that the people 
are beginning to live together and survive 
together . Cooperatives are ringing up the 
change from the capitali ts and are using it 
to develop the alternative society to a new 
level of consciousness. Wood tock Nation is 
growmg up. 

Celebration of life has become a way of life 
on the new Telegraph. When people walk the 
street now. they smile a t each other. I n no 
other place in America have I yet discovered 
such a delightful phenomena. The people are 
finally beginning to put things together up 
there and I have the feeling tha t if that 
powder keg ever does explode again I which 

it probably will. because we still have a long 
way to go I it will probably ex plode daisies 
in tead of dynallllte. but each daisY will be 
as powerful as ten sticks of l'iobel Powder , 

All over the city that day people were 
prepanng for the March. Sign were up 

ever~· where . People were I atletling 
Instructions to everyone. and many stores displa~'ed big signs ' in their windo\\'s: WE 
WILL DE CLOSED SATCRDAY. APRIL 24 . 
L\ HO;\OR OF THE PEACE MARCH. WE 
CRGE YOC TO MARC H \\'lTH C . This 
same inVitation was voluminous in most Bav 
area new papers. It wa . becoming clear that 
tillS SalUrda~' wa, going to be difterent Irom 
all other Saturda\ '. 

We went to sleep that ni ht. not even 
rea lizing that we were about to create 
hlston·. that we Il ere about to exercise our 
right>' WIthout being paranOid. and that we 
wer and are a part of omething that has 
b come too alive to be destroyed b\' an~· thing . \\ E ARE A \EII' A~IERIC·A . . 

III 

Saturda~' morning April 24 . 19i1. For most 
na tions just a nother day that wi II never be 
rememb red. People were born . p ople died . 
peopl got mamed. p ople got divorced. 
people ate. people starved . p ople prayed. 
people killed . people gave. people took . 
p opl lived . But Amenca will remember 
thiS day . It will remember It as much as it 
will rememb r all of the ballies that have 
ver been lought In the name 01 its 

egotl , tical freedom and philanthropic 
imp rialism . for thiS \\'a th da~' 01 It 
antith -i . the da\' 01 the rebirth 01 its 
r volut ionar~' spirit. which was once bel ore 

Page 6 Triton Times Tuesday. May 26. 1971 

successful. but fail ed in its own success. This 
was the da y of the beginning of the second 
chance. 

As we drove past the Embarcadero Plaza 
on the way to our assembly point . we could 
see the crowds beginning to ma ss. and at 
once we became aware that there were 
more. many more. people there than 
expected. We miled . parked our car . 
waited for the rest of our group. and bega n 
marching. an hour late. 

Suddenly we rea tized that we were bei ng 
followed . We had picked up stragglers and 
late-comers from the major body and were 
ourselves nearly six-blocks long. Being San 
Diegans and therefore not used to seeing 
such large crowd s at anti-war 
demon trations. even thi moved us 
somewhat. 

San Francisco was really there . wanting 
Peace. We almost collapsed from shock 

when we saw it ! It was there. and it wasn't a 
mirage. Shining down upon us from the 15th 
floo r of the Bank of America building was a 
big white Peace Symbol. Progress. 

By the time we reached Union Square our 
little troupe was about two thousand strong 
and about live blocks in front ot' us we could 
see a lot of people iii the street. We had 
flnallv made it. 

It \\'as sort of a weird area . so we really 
couldn't tell how bi g the March was. We 
could see bodies about 12 blocks in front ot' 
u and we thought that that was the front of 
the :-'Iarch, Aller all it wa only around ten 
and we thought that thi s was still the lead 
contingent and that we were its rear guard , 
We JUSt kept walking. singing and chanting , 
Then we turn d the corner onto Geary 
Boulevard. 

I will never lorget the sight Irom this 
vantage poin t. It is one ot those experiences 
whi ch is so utterly rea l that it just cannot 
eX ist and \ 'et it does. 

We were not the rear 01 the lead ot th 
:-'Iarch! The entire tWO and a half mile ' ot 
visible street wa~ covered b~' people. A' tar 
in Iront 01 u and as far behind us as we could 
see. all w cou ld see were people. The 
feelings that overwhelmed me at that pOint 
are untranslatable. The\' do not have similes 
and the V do not need thein , 

Being humans and avai lable to error. we 
thought that the people two miles to the West 
of u had to be the front of the Nlarch. Onc 
again we were wrong. but we did not learn of 
thi er ror until much later in the day when it 
was conveyed to us that while v" e were 
obs rving ihe sp ctacle from thi point. the 
front of th March had already reached th 
Polo field s. Ten- thlrt~' in th morning. and 
we were still over four mIles away." 

Humanity wa ' walking do\m Geary 
Boulevard. l'io race. religion or creed was 
absent. We were there together answering 

the question that governments with all o[ 
their paper-weighted emotions ca nnot 
answer. They do not want to . Peace for them 
is a condi tion they cannot cope with and like 

practicall~' every other word in the 
Co n titution and Declaration of 
Independence. the word tranquility becomes 
on ly letters and nothing el e. " Peace is 
impossible becau e ot' Communism!". they 
cry. The retort to that can only be the 
obvious. "Bullshit! " 

Here we are . hundreds of thousands of u 
marching down the street with the answer. 
but their banal minds cannot function past 
the evil word C-------m , They don't seem to 
realize that we are all just 'people and that 
our only wish is to live together. We are not 
the enemies of the State, we are its best 
fri end s. because our love for it is not blind . It 
doe not manifest itself in mindless pageants 
that celebrate death as the supreme glory of 
life. Our love is life and the will to make that 
life better for all. This is the love that 
brought this nation into being. and this is the 
love that we have rekindled. We are the true 
patriots of the new America . 

More than humanity is walking down 
Geary. Dogs with sweaters that read. " Dogs 
for Peace." are marching also. Their day 
has come. but not in its traditional form . 

There is the black woman banging on her 
window and screaming at us, " Right On! 
Right On! Right On! Right On! .. 

There is the six year old girl carrying a 
Viet Cong flag in much the same manner that 
we used to carry American flags down the 
street when we were six . It is unfortunate 
that she cannot follow us . To her . the Red. 
White and Blue no longer represents 
freedom . liberty and equality but their 
opposite. She cannot love her own flag . She 
must wield the banner of the people that our 
Government sees lit to chastise as vermin. 
because to her this flag represents what ours 
once did to us. And this is unfortunate. that 
we cannot cherish our own flag as a symbol 
of liberty any longer. Maybe someday again. 

We march. we march and we march. Our 
feet are sore from walking. Our throats are 
hoarse from singing. We should be grumbly 
and crotchety. but our increasing exhaustion 
only increases our joy. 

We pass an announcement point and the 
bullhorn informs us that the police helicopter 
has estimated that there are over four-
hundred thousand people marching . We 
cannot comprehend the size of the figure. We 
really begin to feel that this march is going 
to have a visible effect upon our 
Government. 

Finally . at 3:30. we reach the Park amid a 
myriad of vendors selling Peace flags and 
buttons. "Buy your Peace Button. twenty-
fwe cents I". they yelp. It' s the first time 
that I've ever attended a commercialized 
protest that' s been like a day at Disneyland, 
There is a revolution in my stomach at this. 

We pass buses and buses and buses. Most 
read "Chartered." but some have the 
designation. " Peace Special. " instead of the 
usual non-committal. "Chartered ." Nature. 
us, dogs and now machines. Everyone and 
everything wants Peace. Where the hell is it 
already' 

The Polo Fields in Golden Gate Park are 
urrounded by trees and an embankment. We 

begin to climb the emba nkment and when we 
reach the top we step back awed. "It's 
Woodstock! ." someone exclaims. As far as 
the eye can see It can see people . They are 
everywhere. They are surrounded in a sea of 
red . yellow . gold. black . whIte and blue flags, 
There are no words to describe the scene 
except for possibly exhilatation and awe. 
Even these become trite here. 

We si t do wn and begin to listen. Welcome 
to the Peace rally. 

Music shuts off abruptly. A figure in 
Brown Beret mounts the stage. He grabs tbt 
mike ). 
Person: Turn on that I-- ing mu ic . You guys 
are a bunch 01 mother[---ing hypocrites 
unless you let the Asian and Chicano brothers 
s it in fronl. .. 

The spint of on ne 's and togetherness is 
destroyed in a matter ot seconds. The rally is 
ended in a matter of minutes. It is sad that 
this has to happen because If we are to be 
together w must not be aga inst each other, 
We cannot fa il before we succe d. We are 
our last chance. 

It takes us two hours to reach our car. On 
the way we encounter two elderly women 
who are ea ring March buttons. We ask 
them iI they are tired. They reach out to uS 
and reply tr iumpha ntl y. "Yes." 

The next evening we return home, 
exhllarat d and ex uberant , mi ssion 
unaccompl ished ... 

sports 
UCSD's Karate Choppers 
Cap Wins in National Contest 
Th.e Sout.hern California Karate League 

COnsISted thIS year of eight teams'UCSD UCSB 
UCLA, UCR, USC, Cal State L.A., 'San F~rnand~ 
Valley State College and Cal Poly. Throughout 
the past two quarters various round-robin 
tournaments have been held at different schools 
Zach team consisted of five men for kwnite and 
the top three of the five for kata 

.UCSD's team consisted of Staniey Sniff, Paul 
GIO.tta, Bob Ford! Larry Stotts, and E1mar Sell-
metsser for kwnite; Stanley Sniff, Paul Giotts 
and Bob Ford for kata. In the round-robin 
~tches, the l!CSD team beat every other team 
tn the I~ue tn both kwnite and kata. 

~n. Ap!'il 25 the Western Region Collegiate 
Elimination Tournament was held at UCR, The 
purpose of the tournament was to select which 
teams, as well as individual contestants would 
represent the Western region of the Collegiate 
K.araU: Union of the U.S. at the national cham-
pIOnships . to be held in Baltimore. n this event 
both kumlte and kata teams consisted of three 
men, UCSD's being made up of Sniff Giotta and 
Ford. ' 

KataFlrsta 

. I~ T~~ kata, UCSD placed first, as did Sniff 
tn ~diVlduai kata, First place in individual 
kWDlte was won by Bill Burke of UCSB' second 
place went to Richard Strubel of Cal S~te L A 
and third to Bob Ford of UCSD. . . 
b In team kumite, UCSD was barely edged out 
y one of the strongest teams on the West Coast, 
U.~B, which. had on its team last year's in-
diVidual kumlte national champion, Bill Burke 
In league play, however, such "stars" were of 
little advantage to teams which could not back 
them closely in quality. UCSD had no "stars" 
was but consistently well-balanced enough to 
beat the rest of the UCSB team 

To win in Regional play a ~ needed to win 
two games out of three. In the actual match with 
UCSB, Burke beat UCSD's Ford with a full-point 
(a perfectly executed and timed technique), Sniff 

d~eated UCSB's second man with two half-
POI~ts. (Half-potnts are given for techniques 
~hl~h .are good but having slight imperfections 
~ timing or execution, Full points are rarely 
gl~en. On~ needs only two half-points or one full 
pomt to Wtn.; anything less is then decided by the 
judges.). GI~tta then drew against UCSB's third 
man, each Side scoring only one half-point. 

UCSD Edged Out 

The total points were the same on each side 
!>ot UCSB ~as awarded the match on the basis of 
Its full pomt-a teChnicality, Thus, UCSD was 
barely edged out. UCSB was in turn barely edged 
out by Cal State L.A. in their third overtime, Cal 
State won the team lrumile award. 

ba~D thus show.ed ~tself to be a strong, weli-
. <;ed team, wuuung two divisions, getting 

third In .another, and barely losing out in the 
~ourth,. Since several of the teams were so close 
tn quality, anyone of them (including UCSD) if 
able to raise the money, could represent ihe 
Western region in the national collegiate tour-
nament at Baltimore. Through the intensive 
efforts of the UCSD PE Department, UCSD was 
allowed to travel to Maryland. It was the only 
team from the West Coast able to go. Three other 
schools scraped .uP enough money to send one 
contestant each. 

The final tournament was held in Baltimore on 
SWiday, May 9. UCSD's team for both kumite 
and kata consisted of Sniff, Giotta and Ford In 
team kata. UCSD took first place, as well a~ in 

~ ~~t~. Bill Burke of UCSB won first place 
In th~ I~divlduallrumite category. 

The final match was between UCSt> and 
Augustana College. UCSD won with two wins and 
one loss. Th~re is still some question as to 
whether the stngle loss sustained was a mistake 
At any rate, Paul Giotta had one of the out~ 

stand~ng. matches of the day, literally 
demolis~g Augustana's heavily-favored black-
belt c~p~n, c~mpietely smothering his attack, 
and Picking him off with two well-executed 
COWIterpWlChes. 

-
.. 

. U(SD Woter Show 0 Splashi ng Success 
This year 's water show UCSD Cl b 

featured an unbelievable The sh~w' director F ed Ext. 22&1. It promises to be a 
topless number by six was r rewarding experience 
chronized swimmers that s:e Grunwald and he is to be especially during show time. 
actually students at UCSD comme~ded. for ~ excellent job Over 500 people attended and 
Fortunately, for the school but ~on~ WI~ lig~ting, . music and would agree that the Syn-
unfortunately for the audi~nce, or eep~g hIS pa~le~<;e ~ chronized Swimmers did an 
these attractive swimmers I ~o~ tnterested In Jotrung the excellent job perfonning in this 
were male. They managed, CUll ease contact Beth Josi year's show. 
nevertheless, to bring down the R t · 
house, Their numbe.r was e ere a Ion 
composed of varous swuruning 
stunts, or attempts at stunts 
that imitated the girls' routines: 
They swam to "Midnight 
Cowboy" and called themselves 
the. Midnight Fairies. Although, 
their names are not to be 
revealed, you can see most of 
them by going to the UCSD pool 
and meeting the male 
lifeguards. 

Another favorite number was 
a solo by Kathy Dennett whQ 
was the Cheshire Cat from Alice 
and Wonderland. She appeared 
and disappeared in the water 
with bright yellow stripes 
glowing in the dark, 

T ennis Club Tournament 
S ~he Tennis Club sponsored a mixed doubles toumament 

un ay, May 23. There were I3 teams entered and it featured 
(acuity, staff and students participants. 

Tlbor Safar and Chris Hooper won, beating Mike C 'k h k 
and Grace K d 6- rUI s an 
sched en.ne y 4, 6-4 A singles tournament will be 
B h JUI~ (or thiS summer, so anyone interested please conlact 

et OSI or Barbara Durbin, ext. 2283. 
A tenn is. club meeting is scheduled for Wednesday May 26th 

a
h
t.5;OO pm In the PE Classroom. All people interested i~ lennis ro: 

t IS summer, please attend. 

Water Ski Club 
Water ski club meeting - Th ursday, May 2 Classroom. 7, 6 p.m., PE 

Vote in EOP and Presidential Election This Week 
A special attraction was the 

clown diving performed by 
Jerry Steel. 

This year's water show was 
als~ hi~hli~hted by two girls 
swunmmg In the show from Los 
Angeles who came down 
especially to swim with the 

Elephant Club 
h The Summer Conditioning Program begins June 22 and lasts 
~ rough August 12. Classes meet Tuesdays and Thursdays from 
( oon to I p.m., and are ~pen to all men and women, students, 
acuity and staff. A recreation privilege card will be required. Sign 

up With Barbara Durbm, PE Office ext 2275 Th . .. I I 

SAN DIEGO COMMUNITY CONCOURSE 
lOX O~~IC£ OI'IN AND MAil ORDEA. 'ROM'TlV muo 

'011 IN'ORMATION CALL 2:Jt-"" 

If you can drive it, 
we'll insure it 

for less. 
No matter what you drive - from a conservative Volkswagen to a radi-

cal hot rod - we can save you money on your car Insurance 
College Student Insurance Service has been working 'with the Auto 

Insurance Industry for ~ years to prove that college students deserve 
lower rates on their car InSurance , Now, it you 're an ASSOC iated Student 
member, you can get Group Discounted Auto Insurance at an average sav Ing~ of 48% In California . Plus, you can continue your coverage alte; 
you re out of school. 

for a personal quote, call CSIS today. 

We feel that you shouldn't have 10 pay more to Insure your car than you 
did to buy It. 

5090 (ollege Ave. 
583·9393 

(.5.1.5. We're on Jour side. 

. . ' . . e Inltla c ass 
meeting will be on the pool patio, June 22. 

Tuesday. May 25. 1971 Triton Times Page 7 



TUESDA Y, May 25 
YOGA- 7:30 p.m. 2C 2nd floor, 
Bhak-Ti Yoga. 
II p.m., Child Care Center, MC, 
Kundalini Yoga. Be prompt, 
bring candle, blanket and food to 
share. 
CONSCIENTIOUS COFFEE-
8 p.m., Revelle Formal Lounge, 
for prospective Conscientious 
Objectors. 
CONCERTS- 8:30 p.m., 409 
MC , Dwight Cannon Jazz 
Ensemble, Premiere 
performance. 
LECTURE- 7 p.m., Muir Com-
mons Bratskellar, the newly-
formed English As,sociation 
presents a talk, "Thoughts After 
La Jolla," by J.R. Mulryne. 
4 p.m., Revelle Formal Lounge, 
Prof. Eckstein will speak on 
"U.S.-China Relations." 
MEETING- 7 p.m., USB 4060B, 
Triton Wargaming Society. 
WEDNESDA Y, May 26 
MEETINGS- 12-1 p.m., 2B 
2139, Campus Crusade for 
Christ 
6-8 p.m., USB 3050B, Alpha 
Sigma Phi . 
7 p.m., 20 I MC, BSU. 
7 p.m. , USB 3050A, YSA. 
7:30 p.m., USB 3030A, Workers 
League Club. 
7:30 p.m., Revelle Informal 
Lounge. informal evening with 
Dean Tom Hull ; refreshments 
served. 

1 L.A. to LONDON I 
1 return from Amsterdam 1 
IJ_U/50pl IS 5269 1 
IJ ... 2I/50pl 7 5269 1 
IJ""" 2SI"uv 26 52691 
1 ""II 261Sopt 26 5 260 1 
l'>opt 2 One Woy'."'" 5136 1 I hnmedtGt. ricketlng '01' diKownt flig ..... london to , I Tol " ... 5 77. 10 " ..... , S S2.80. to Iomboy S ISO. 1 I :,:~: f!g~S;> Laroe dlK~nh on Cof' ond I 
I MAil COUPON OR PHONE I 
I o."nllor( 213) 277·S200orln·3111 1 I <I· Siorra Travol. UH Sanla Monico I .. I 
~ ..., .. IyHil.. I 

1: ===================:: 1 
" ~--------------------- ! 

CONCERT- 4 p.m., 409 MC, 
"Street Scene" Music and dance 
concert. 
LECTURE - 8 p.m. gym, "Dope 
and the Law," judges, pro-
secutors, defense attorneys, 
narcs. 

FILM- 8:30 p.m., Coffee Hut, 
"Sahara" and Flash Gordon. 
25' DINNER- 5 p.m., University 
Lutheran Church , UCSD 
Ecumenical Students, all 
welcome. 

THURSDA Y, May 27 
YOGA- II p.m., Child Care 
Center, MC, Kundalini Yoga. Be 
prompt, bring candle, blanket, 
food to share. 
CONCERT- 8:30 p.m., 409 MC, 
"All sound is music when you let 
it flow," Sounds Concert. 
MEETINGS- 7 p.m., Tioga Hall, 
9th floor seminar room, Bahai's 
Club meeting. 
7 p.m., 2E3-1102, MOSCA. 
AMES FILMS- noon, 2622, 
"Channel Flow on a Compressi-
ble Fluid." 
FRIDA Y, May 28 
CONCERT- noon, 409 MC, 
Chamber Music Festival. 
FILM- 7:30 and 10 :15 p.m., 
USB 2722, Friday Night Flicks, 
" Innermost Limits of Pure Fun." 
DANCING- 8 p.m., 20 I MC, 
University Folk Dancers 

Tune into KSDT for fa r-
reaching sounds- jazz, rock, 
country, sper:ial programs, in-
formation on school happeningsl 
Learn Japanese- If you are in-

terested in taking Japanese next 
fall call Hiromi Fujisaki at 453-
0541 or come to room A-24, 
Tenaya Hall. Need 30 students 
to form a class. 
Fred Fructeldner is looking for 

someone to ru n the Coast 
Cruiser. Need some business ex-
perience. Should live in Del Mar. 
Please leave message with in-
formation center with phone 
number. 

Summer housing will be avail-
able for students working, doing 
research or attending Summer 
School Session. Applications 
must be in the Housing Office, 
250 MC, by June I , 1971. For 
further info call ext. 2021 . 

Natural Health Club now form-
ing. If interested in hiking, 
outings, or lectures meet at San 
Diego State Aztec Center In-
formation Desk 10 a.m. Sunday. 
Bring Lunch. 

All persons interested in 
representing UCSD in the In-
tercollegiate · Yellowtail Fishing 
Tournament to be held on June 
18 in San Diego, call Ken at 
224-1048 today or tomorrow 
morning. 

PICK-A-LANGUAGE: 
FREE! 
Sc:heduIe ,.,.., Free Inbodudory ---'..r 
In Spanish, French or German 
You won 'ttearn the whole I 
right away. but at our free I 
tory lesson you 'lI begin to learn 
your second language. And ~ou'lI 
learn w your programmp.d 
instruction melhod IS so unique. 
You learn In private At your con-
venience For a fraction the cost of 
other language courses 
Call now to schedule your free 
Introductory lesson 

2022 (AMINO DEL RIO NORTH . SAN DIEGO. (A. 92110 . 29t ·9410 

,S Sullivan Language Schools 
TH( r ,RST R(vOl J T I""~.RY APPROACH TO LEARMr>.G'" S(COND lANGL'AGE 

An t ..: .... ,.' :;t'!.J oj,,,,".en 1)1 8~h.\I,,,rat R~Sfarr n l.bCr.IO' l~S . Inc 

.. ----------------------~ 
SATURDAY FILMS 

PRESENT FROM GROVE PRESS FILMS 

I AM CURIOUS 
(YELLOW) 

SAT MAY 29 7-9-11 -PM 
USB 2722 

TICKETS AVAILABLE UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 
AND AT THE DOOR 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, May 26, 1971 

CLASSIFI 
Housing 

HOUSE to share. Need 1 or 2 
girls or couple Fireplace, ocean 
view, p.ts welcome. In 
Leucadia. 753-7115 aft.r 6 p.m. 

(5/ 28) 

Jobs 
Male students part/ full time, $3 
hr. plus scholarship. Call 224-
2864. (Rl 
AMBITIOUS MEN of all trades, 
north to ALASKA and YUKON, 
around $2800 a month. For 
complet. information write to 
JOB RESEARCH, P.O. Box 161 , 
Stn. A, Toronto, Onto Encl_ $3 
to covereDSt. ( 6-4) 
HELP WANTED-ORANIC 
INTEWGENT ATTRACTIVE GIRL 
FOR PART TIME POSITION IN 
NORTH COUNTY ART 
EXPERIENa HElPFUL BUT NOT 
NECESSARY CAll STANLEY 753-
8805. EVENINGS AFTER 8 PM. 

(R) 
APPLY FOR GUARANTEED 
SUMMER JOBS . CASH 
SCHOLARSHIPS AVAILABLE. 
APPlY IN BLDG. 250 MC, 11 
A.M., 2 P.M. OR 4 P.M. ONLY. 

(5/ 25) 

For Sale 
FOR SALE: Photographic "robe, 
batteries or AC, brand new with 
guarantee Reg . $20 only $15. 
Bracket avoilable. Call Mark 
755-3990. (5/ 25) 
Austin-Healey Sprite ' 68 , 
24,000 mi. Radials, excellent 
condo MUST SELL $1 ,300. Call 
274-6672. 

(5/ 25) 
'63 Ford Galaxie Very good 
Condition. Mu. t sell because 
leaving for Europe. 2 Doors hard 
top, .adio, a ir conditioning Call 
Gerard 454-5726 or II 1896. 

(5 / 25) 
52 BUICK SPECIAL. WILL SELL AT 
SACRIFICE IF SOON. MAKE OF-
FER. NEW PARTS. COME TO 206 
DISCOVERY. 
FOR SALE. ( 6 ) MONTH OLD 
SEARS REFRIGERATOR COST 
NEW $160 WILL TAKE $80, YOU 
TRUCK. CALL EXT. 1017 AND 
LEAVE YOUR NAME AND 
NUMBER. 
NEED A CAR? 69 AUSTIN 
AMERICA $1300, 25 ,000 MILES 
NEW RADIAL TIRES. CALL RICK 
453-8938 

Typi", - 'or accurate TypI", on 
.lectric pica - term papers, 
thelO., manuscript., etc. Call 

Mrs. McCroskey 287-1607. (R) 
DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXEOJTlYE 
Service on Schedule. Mode.t 
Rate.. Satisfaction i. the end 
product. Helen 459-8888 (R) 
TYPING. RESUMES, LETTERS. 
ALSO TERM PAPERS CAREFUllY 
EDITED AND BEAUTIFULLY 
TYPED. IBM EXEC. CAll 280-
3520 (5/ 25) 
RUSSIAN TECHNICAL TRANSLA-
TION LIGHT TO MEDIUM 
ABSTRUSE. BRUCE 453-5346. 
$8 PER THOUSAND WORDS. (5-
25) 
IBM SELECTRIC TYPING. MANY 
STYLES AVAILABLE 50' EACH. 
THESES WELCOME. BRUCE 453-
5346 (6-4) 
TYPING- EXPERIENOD TYPIST, 
TERM PAPERS, THESES, Will DO 
RUSH JOBS CALL SHEL 453-8460 

(5/ 28) 
Typi", . .. Experienced typist .. . 
Term papers, thelOS. Electric 
typewriter. Will do ru.h jobs. 
453-6835. (R) 

Travel 
Europe J.t Charter Flights. 
Spring Speciol. March 30 thru 
Juno 15 - $268. Plus full 
summer program. Call Leslie 
582-9098 aft.r 5. IRl 
EUROPE/ ISRAEL/ EAST AFRICA 
One way and round trip student 
travel discounts. SOFA agent for 
over 2000 inter-European 
student charter flights . 
CONTACT: ISCA 11687 San 
Vincente Blvd., No. 4, L.A. 
Calif., 90049. TEL: (213) 826-
5669. (6-4) 
EUROPE CHARTERS. Several 
schedule. from $250 roundtrip, 
$1 50 onoway. Coordinator: 
Professor Margar.t Pool, 247 
Roycroft Long Beach 9Q803 213-
438-2179. 15-28l 

<:HEAPEST 
JETS TO EUROPE FROM LA AND 
NY. IMMEDIATE ISSUANa IN-
TNL. STUDENT 1.0 . CARD & 
TICKETING 2000 INTRA-
EUROPEAN/ ASIAN/ AFRICAN 
CHARTERS, EURAILPASSES. CAR 
PURCHASE AIS RIGHTS No. 
105, 9056 SANTA MONICA, L.A. 
90069 TEL 274-8742 (5/ 28) 
ONE WAY JET RIGHTS. LA-NY. 
JUNE 18th. $79. FOR INFO CAll 
ALAN OWENS (213) 662-3613. 
(5-25) 

LOS ANGELES/LONDON/LOS ANGELES 
'69 Toyota beige 4 door sedan 
delulle automatic , or iginal 
owne r good maint e nance , ~ 
$1425 . • v.ning. 459-7416. (5- ~ 
25l 5' 

Depart Return Weeki 

June l5---Auq 15 9 
June 19---Auq 15 8 
June 24---Auq 22 9 
June 24---Sep S 11 

COlt 

$215 
$215 
$215 
$21S 
$215 

DEJUR 8MM MOVIE CAMERA 
TURRENT MODEL WITH THREE 
LENSES , SIX SPEEDS PLUS 
SINGLE FRAME. $40 ALSO B& W 
FILM CALL JIM 755 -6552 
EVENINGS (5-25) 

Personals 
NOTICE: WHAT FORMER AS 
PRESIDENT HAS SHRIVELED? 
THE CORRECT ANSWER WINS 
A8SOLUTEL Y NOTHING. 

Services 
Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 

Try James Autometlve Service 
American and Fore.n ears 
lepairs and Pollution C.ntrol. 
Student Discount 774. Hershel 
la Jolla (in the rear) 459-91'1(1) 
typing realOnaw' rate. call 
4 .... 31... (6-4) 

Junl 27- --Sep 13 12 
• LA!London/Anlsterdam 
July 1 ---Sop 3 9 
Auq 11--- Sop 19 4 
Sop 5 ---OCt 3 4 

ONE WAY FLIGHTS TO EUROPE 

$215 
$261 
$251 

2£ June U --LA/London $148 
2C July 26--LA/London $1l9 
)E Auq 19--LA/Madrid/Pronk '135 
4£ SIP 6 --LA/London $12) 
5£ Sep 12--LA/London $1ll 

ONE WAY fLiGHTS hOM EUROPE 
lW Junl U-- AMaterdltll/LA $ll9 
2W Auq I --London/LA Sll9 
)W SIP 16--London/LA $148 

STUD ENT 10 CARDS 
Rail Pa ss es 

Avail.bl. only to Unlv.raity of 
C.lltornil Itudentl, faculty, 
employ ••• , extenl ion and Alu..i 
Metobere plul i_d1otl t .. l11 ... 

UNI~JM~ 
)007 Broxton Avenue 
Los Angeles 90024 

TEU , 411-1111 or 413-44 43 

EUROPE: $225-$280. Also 
ISRAEL and JAPAN Spring and 
Summer flights available call 
755-3990 after 5 p.m., or write 
E.S.E.P. - UCSD 8217 Beverly 
Blvd., Los A",eles, Calif. (6/ 4) 
EUIOPEAN TRA VEL while 
earning col.... creditl lOME, 
VENIa, PAils, etc. 31 clays 
$985, 41 clays $1095. Up to sill 
or more units, plus a good tim • . 
larry Johnson, 283-9593. ~ I) 
EXPEDITIONS . SERIOU S 
GROUPS DEPART JULY 6 AND 
SEPT. 14 FOR 6 & 10 WEEKS TO 
PHOTOGRAPH AND OBSERVE 
LIFE IN REMOTE MAYAN 
VILLAGE, OR TO EXPLORE AND 
STUDY MAYAN CENTRA L 
AMERICAN TO PANAMA. COS-
TS $420 OR $740. DETAILS: 
DOKA EXPEDITIONS INC., 2329 
SACRAMENTO SUITE I , SAN 
FRANCISCO CALIF. 94115 

Regents •• e 
(Continued from page 1) 

not yet firm. He said that he 
thought student influence over 
teaching quality could best be 
achieved through teacher 
evaluations. 

"We want and need student 
input, student voice, and 
student participation," Hitch 
said, "but I do not think a 
student vote on matters of 
personnel and curriculum is the 
best way." Hitch did, however, 
specifically leave open the 
possibility that he may yet 
favor some limited form of 
student voting privileges. 

In other business, the Regents 
voted 12-8 to meet nine rather 
than 10 times a year in 1971-72. 
The April meeting will thus be 
eliminated. 

" When the University is 
facing a moral crisis," argued 
Regent Catherine Hearst, "the 
Regents should meet more, and 
not less often." Governor 
Reagan opposed elimination of 
the April meeting, as well. 

The Regents also voted to 
continue rotating their 
meetings between the UC 
Extension Centers in Los 
Angeles and San Francisco. 

Previous to the fall of 1969, the 
Regents rotated their monthly 
meeting among the nine general 
campuses of the University. But 
large student disruptions, most 
notably at the UCLA and UC 
Santa Cruz meetings, occurred 
in the spring of that year, and 
the Regents decided to hold 
their meetings in the safer 
confines of the Extension 
Centers. 

On Friday, President Hitch 
denied that fear of student 
disturbances was a factor In 
keeping the meetings away 
from the campuses. Con-
siderations of efficiency and 
convenience were more iJn-
portant, Hitch said. He added 
that the nine chancellors agreed 
unanimously with him. 

Several Regents, including 
Hearst, Dutton and CoblentJ. 
wanted to move the meetIngS 
back on campus. 

NOll VllNVQIjO JHOld-NON 


