
Paul Kaufmau 

Owen Joyner 
Associate City Editor 

A third of the student population turned out 
last week to vote Paul Kaufman and David 
Shaw into a run-off election, to cut AS salaries 
in half, and also to keep AS membership and 
fees mandatory. 

Voters must make another choice for vice-
president and three commissioners, as well as 
president, in the runoffs this week, as no 
candidate was able to land a majority in any of 
those races. Runoffs will be held this Tuesday 
through Friday. 

Kaufman, Shaw Face Off 
In the presidential race, 81 votes separated 

Kaufman and Shaw, but as Kaufman did not 
achieve a majority of the votes cast the two will 
battle it out this week. Defeated candidate Karl 
Keating stated that he was giving his support to 
Shaw. Diddo Clark, another presidential hopeful 
who lost, indicated that she will vote for Paul 
Kaufman. 

The official results of last week's presidential 
primary were: 

Kaufman Fa(es Shaw 
David Shaw 
IWIKeatiDl 
DiddoClark 
BriaD Ritter 
DoqBallis 
Others 

391 
247 
176 
43 
30 
34 

) 
(%8.1 %) 
(17.7%) 
(1%.6%) 
(3.1%) 
(2.2%) 
2.4% 

To~ Caryl, Kaufman's running mate, won a 
plurahty for the vice-presidential position 
(34%) but must meet runner-up Carmen 
Nevarez (25% >, from Diddo Clark's slate, in the 
run-offs. 

The proposition to cut AS salaries by at least 
50% was approved handily, Yes 61 %, No 39%. 
However, the proposition to make AS 
membership voluntary, which required a two 
thirds majority to become effective was 
defeated, Yes 45%, No 55%. ' 

Three candidates in the commissioner races 
managed to collect clear-cut majorities and 
thus ~in . their offices. They were Juan Lopez, 
commISSIOner of community service, Fred 
Fruchtlender, commissioner of student welfare 
and Dave Wallace, program board chairman. I~ 
each of the three other races, however, two 
candidates were forced into runoffs. Voters will 
have to decide between Tom Deits (40%) and 
Craig Griffin (25%) for public relations 
director. In a close race, Ke'lin Olson (49%) 
missed a majority by five votes for the post of 
commissioner of external affairs. His opponent, 
Ken Carr, trailed him by only 42 votes, though, 
and thus a run-off ensues. Finally, Mike Duca 
(37%) and Bob Jackson (31%) will go at it this 
week for commissioner of academic affairs. 

ODe-Tbird Vote 
T~ere was a total of 1446 votes cast last week, 

whIch accounts for 33% of the student body. 
This compares with a 37% turnout in 1970 and 
33% in 1969. 

Paul Kaufman, who faces a run-off for 
president, made the following statement to the 
TRITON TIMES yesterday: "Spring strikes 
have taught us that whenever the student body 
comes together en masse to assert their needs 
or to protect their rights, their first act is to 

create a formal structure (a 'strike central' or 
an AS ) to represent them. Without such an 

orga~ization it would be impossible to develop 
and Implement actions which could serve 
anyone's interests. Enthusiasm, activism and 
righteous indignation all dissipate and the 
motivations behind a mass action are only 
frustrated in the absence of a coordinating 
body. 

"The AS Council provides an on-going but 
flexible structure ; its leadership has simply not 
yet reached its potential in responding to the 
needs of a pluralistic student body. Our proposal 
for an off-campus student corporation to 
support a self-defined student community 
meaningfully and concretely addresses itself to 
the best way of meeting just those needs." 

"A Look at Tbemselves" 
David Shaw stated Sunday night that "my 

election will be an indication of the reluctance 
of UCSD students for consideration of 
questions they find significant. In electing me 
students are committing themselves to look at 
themselves and their peers for the satisfaction 
of needs which are real to them and refusing to 
legitimize a purportedly representative body 
which is DOt real to them. 

Karl Keating, the defeated conservative-
reform candidate who made voluntary fees his 
primary issue, announced Sunday he would 
endorse candidate Shaw for president in the run-
offs this week. He told the TRITON TIMES that 
he is for Shaw for several reasons, principally 
because Shaw "is the only candidate who is 
allowing people of all political persuasions to 
participate in AS government. " He added that 
Mr. Shaw will effect changes in the AS because 
unlike his opponent he is not a member of the 
Machine." 

Diddo Clark, said she prefers Kaufman. " I'm 
going to vote for Paul Kaufman. He's a good 
man and he takes the AS seriously." 

Tbe usual abundance of write-in votes 
appeared in tbis year's election. Some 
write-ins, such as Ross Farley (19%) for 
commissioner of community services) 

triton ti 
Volume 13, Numller " University of California, San Diego 

David Shaw 
were serious attempts to win. Others were 
not. Among tbe ballots cast for 
commissioner of external affairs, were 
several votes for "God." George C. Scott 
received more tban one vote for program 
board chairman. 

Tbe two incumbent candidates who were 
the targets of a recent TRITON TIMES 
editorial conspicuously lost. 

Tbus, as a result of last week's election 
Jim Sills and Dan Spellens retired from 
public office. Sills, in a farewell address to 
his loyal conservative troops Sunday, 
announced his support for Mike Duca to 
succeed him as commissioner of academic 
affairs. He also indicated that with tbe 
defeat of fellow-traveler Keating, he will 
probably not hang around next year and 
instead join the U.S. Army, now that he can 
become an officer. 

Dan SpeUens, unseated after an 
illustrious year as program Board 
Chairman, began cleaning out his desk at 
the AS office, muttering, "You won' t have 
Spellens to kick around anymore. " 

Tuesday, May 4, 1911 

Hayden Cites Facts of Repression 
Barbara Simon after he reportedly committed conditions within prisons. audience for a few minutes of 

Staff Writer a murder. "The prison system admits talk. with back -gro und 
" If I drew any strange "Some day the truth will be to rac 'sm," she said. She added strumming His .comment 

Third College Sponsoring 
land-Hutcherson Quintet 

co nclusions from the revealed about police thatonewardenshespokewith that " you have power to elect a 
contradictions surrounding the involvement in counter- said th~t "I know my guards president but don't have the 
trial of Bobby Seale I would be insurgency and I hope that are racIsts but I ask them to power to select a president" 
considered paran~id " said within our generation that leave their racism at home." met with agreement from the 
SDS founder Tom Hayden last in~ormation will be utilized," Conditions at Soledad Prison audience. 
Friday evening in Revelle sa.ld Hayden. ~e feels . that the h a ve . . bee n f 0 u n d In the next song, 
Cafeteria . Hayden. who was tnal of the ChIcagO EIght was unconstItutIOnal but no changes Hamilton sang, 
part of a symposium sponsored useful because of the power of have been made. says Miss "I don 't need nobody 
by the UCSD Committee to the young who are supposedly Wender. She cited constant set- just need some respect 
Free All Political Prisoners, " invisible and unimportant. " ups to instigate racial troubles, cause I'm a man." 
add~ that he intended merely In conc~usion , ~ayden. spo~e tear-gassing ?f. !fIen in their His quiet eloquence concluded 
to ' hunt down the facts" and ?f. the pn;;,oners m Cahforma cells, .and. sohcltmg b~ guards with a song by the Beaties, 
let the audience draw the JaIls who should be released of whIte mmates to kIll black " Yesterday." 
conclusions. from prison not because of the inmates as examples. . 

Hayden cited illustrations wretched conditions but more Miss Wender said that there ~~f.ernng . to CO~ition~ 
which he said showed that importantly because is hope for change in a wII In pnso.ns , . urse 
counter-insurgency methods revolutionary leadership is California prisoners' union ~ exa~er, :hO :s Pr!Slde~t of 
are being applied to peace created in penitentiaries." which is being formed. In F!t t~ nfe es mencan 
movements and other groups Other speakers' during the addition, she feels that the d era~rn. ? I State, ICounty 
such as the Black Panthers. symposium, detailed some indeterminant sentence law an umclp e . emp oyees, 
His facts, he claimed changes that are implied by which allows prison authorities r~~frt~ the pomt thatdpeoed Pf Ie demonstrate that the CIA and Hayden . Elaine Wender , to retain someone forever must WI I d n hP~lsonsl areHneet Id thor I· both . be h ed Sh 'd h h ea ers Ip ro es. e 0 e po Ice created the case attorney who has worked WIth c ang . e sal t at t e audience tha ". . 
against Bobby Seale and finally the Soledad Brothers' lawyers original intent of the law was to . ta t tha~ It ~s ve~~ 
arrested Seale several months in San Francisco spoke of allow early parole, but it has Imf poA r ~ haYou, th~ Yl°bou ,..~~_~ _____________ .. ' ____ been distorted to serve as a 0 menca,', c nge IS a r 

F I R f d political tool. movement. . ee ncrease e eren urn James Hamilton, an Alexandertrac~someofhls entertainer who learned to play back~ro.und WIth labor 
the guitar during his four and a orgamzatlon. He remembers A referendum calling for a fee increase of $3 will appear 

on this week's election run-off ballot. The fee will provide 
funds for EOP to accommodate new students in the 
program. A two-thirds vote of sixty percent of the AS is 
required for It to pa s. 

AS President Mike (Heavy) Palcic explained, "The 
financial aids program i unable to maintain its pre ent 
level of funding without new source . With no federal. state. 
or university funds forthcoming. we a k tudent to impose 
a minimal tax upon them elve to help low income and 
minority tudents attend school next year." 

Ra-off ElecU.. Ballot alld primary election result on 
Pile 3 of tlllsl ... e. 

half years in prison, told the the hunger marches of 1931 a~ 
audience about his experiences the . Veterans march In 
through the medium of music. Washmgton the next year. The 
Hamilton poke softly and hung WWI veterans,. many of them 
his head slightly while he sang : permanently dlsabl~ , ~anted 

''I'm not going back $1 per day for serving m the 
no, no, no, no. 
I want all you folks to 
know 
I'm going to land up 
and be a man." 

He then looked up at the 

army. Alexander remembers . 
that the army veteran were 
ordered gassed and clubbed by 
General MaCArthur. 

Blacks worked with white 

( ontlnued on page!) 

Third College is pon oring the Land-Hutcherson Jazz 
Quintet in a free concert and technical workshop this Friday. 
The concel t marks the beginning of an effort by Third College 
to promote the music of minority groups. 

The concert will be held at 8:30 p.m. in Revelle Cafeteria, 
and the workshop for music students will be held from 3 to 5 
p.m. Students interested In the work hop should contact the 
Third College Provost's Office for details. 

Harold Land, co-leader of the Land-Hutcherson quintet, is 
one of the most distinguished tenor saxophonists working 
today. From 1954 to 1956, while still in his early twentie , he 
played in the now legendary quintet of trumpeter Clifford 
Brown and drummer Max Roach. Since then he has lived 
primarily in Los Angeles, recording and appearing in concert 
frequently with various groups, whose personnel have included 
many of the great names in jazz, such as Elvin Jones, Kenny 
Oorham, Andrew Hill and Hampton Hawes. 

Hi tyle i distinctly personal , with long, flowing melodic 
lines sometimes reminiscent of his contemporary, John 
Coltrane. Like Coltrane, Land doe not he itate to u the full 
range of his in trument, incorlX'rating very high, " impo ible" 
sounds and deep, inten ely guttural note , to add to the 
intensity of his improvisation . 

Land was born in Houston, T.~a , in 1928, but when he was 
only five l'I1s family moved to ~n Diego, where he attended 
high chool. He made hi fi" t appearance here as a 
professional musician before mO'ling to Lo Angeles. 

Bobhy Hutch rson was born in Lo Angele in 1941 and gr w 
up in Pasadena . He is ·wit~ t "1"_.;1'" t ",,"5 """P""te{j 
vibraphon player in jazz ince Milt Jackson. He ha recorded 
with counties group , including tho of Eric Oolphy, Andr w 
Hill , Jackie McLean, and Freddie Hubbard. Hi lIrtJ tic 
He ibility i uch that h ha adapted with equal facilit to th 
inten Iy e perim ntal cont xt of group u h as Archie 
h pp' , and th mor main tr am t I of Dexter Gordon's 

quint t. During hi 10 Hutcher n often interpolat 
exten ively out of tempo pa ge , which can be t be d scribed 
a _ rie of sound slructur whi h h r I a in wav Into 
th It t n r' con IOU n 



8uckley Lecture 

.UCSD Student Charged 
with Flag Desecration 

John Zoll., 
SIo" Wrile, 

The San Diego city attorney's office has decided to press 
criminal charges against a UCSD student who ripped up a 
sma1\ American flag in front of 1400 people in the gym last 
Monday . Soni Ali , a freshman at Third Co1\ege, will be charged 
with defacing the American flag and disturbing the peace. Both 
are misdemeanors, charged in a warrant that was to have be,en 
mailed early this week, according to a spokesman at the cIty 
attorney's office. Under the law, Ali wi\1 face a maximum 
sentence of nine months in jail if found guilty. 

The incident occurred April 26 at a DIMENSION symposium 
featuring William F. Buckley and other prominent 
conservatives. Standing off to one side of the speaker 's 
platform, Ali first waved quietly a sma1\ American flag. which 
measured about six by eight inches. Then he crossed behtnd the 
speaker's platform and began, in clear view of alm.ost the 
entire audience, to br.eak and TIp the flag, throwmg the 
fragments onto the gym floor immediately in front of himself. 
A University policeman picked up the pieces, but retreated, 
leaving Ali undisturbed . A few moments later, .at the ur~tng of 
a private citizen, the officer returned and WIth the al~ of a 
second policeman, escorted Ali out of the gym. Many m the 
audience then applauded, apparently because All had been 
made to leave. 

Informed Sunday of the charges the city intends to press 
against him, Ali said, " It was obviously a formal gesture of 
protest." . .. . 

The "decision to issue a criminal complamt, accordmg to a 
city spokesman . was made . on the b~sis ?f only two 
consideration : first , that the CIty Attorney s Office beheves a 
crime may have been committed ; and second. that the city 
attorney's office believes there is sufficient evidence to 
prosecute. Ali will be ordered to .appear In court for 
arraignment, probably about the mIddle of thiS month , 
according to a spokesman. 

Chief William Torrens of the UCbD police told the TIME~ 
that he did not ask the City Attorney 's Office to prosecute Alt. 
but that he only sent them a routine police report on the flag 
incident. Torrens said he is required to file such a report 
whenever he ha reasonable cause to believe a crime may have 
been committed. 

According to the City Attorney's Office, Ali will be charged 
under section 6140 of the California Military and Veterans 
Code. which prohibits "mutilating. defacing. or defiling the 
American flag ;" and under section 415 of the State penal code 
for disturbing the peace. 

PE CE 
IS 

C MING 
Tickets UREY HALL 

BOX OFFICE 
,.,.2 TritonTimH Tuesdey. May4. 1971 

Hayden ••• 
(Cootle.ed Irom pale 1) 

during the Longshoreman's 
Strike of 11136, Slid Alexander. 
He added that people need to 
return to the basic working 
class principle rather than 
have blacks al/ainst whites 

"We have lot to reacb out 
and work together," concluded 
Alexander. His sentiments 
were stated in similar terms by 
other symposium speakers, 
including a representative 
from the Angela Davis Defense 
Committee, Fannie Haughton. 
"Our committee is working to 
free all political prisoners," 
she explained. 

All the speakers expressed 
the hope of expanding public 

Adaptive Learning 

consciousness about California 
and all other prison systems, 
about repression within ' £he 
U.S. judicial system, and about 
tile divisive tactics whicb 
separate people today. Those 
wbo attended the symposium 
were encouraged to share their 
opinions and information with 
others and to join actions 
oriented toward changing 
prison conditions on a city, 
county, state and federal 
levels. 

A program spokesman stated 
that everyone is welcome to 
the UCSD Committee to Free 
All Political Prisoners 
meetings, which are beld on 
Monday evenings at 7:30 p.m. 
in lower Blake Lounge. 

Helping Students Get 
Grades Without Garbage 

Barbaro Simon 
SIoH Wriler 

"We help a student to get good grades with?ut ~aving to stuff 
a lot of garbage into his head, " says Rick Whitehill, director of 
the UCSD Adaptive Learning program. The program ~ame 
active Winter Quarter, and is constantly expandmg ItS 
services. 

At the present time, Adaptive Learning ~taff can be helpf~1 
to students in several ways, says Whitehill . First , they Will 
help a student who is writing a paper to decide what he wants 
to talk about and how to organize his material. . . 

Organization or'material can also be useful m st~dymg for 
exams, adds Whitehill . " If we teach people to think and to 
organize material , their memory should Increase as well as 
their efficiency. . ' 

" U's really neat to see a student raise hiS .gra~e POint 
average," says Whitehill. He continues, " What's mcer IS to see 
the kinds of feelings a student has about hiS work : a self-
determined feeling . ,. . 

Whitehill reports that some students he has worked With 
become intellectually aggressive within the classroom. With 
"direct action intellectualism," the students challenge the 
professors when material is unclear, he says. . 

Another service of Adaptive Learning IS to consult With 
professors about effective ways of teaching. Some profe sors 
are "unsure of what they are going to teach." says WhItehIll . 

Other faculty members feel that specifying the materi~l they 
feel to be important is anti-intellectual , accordmg to Whitehill. 
" It is very scary because the more complex the mater .. al , the 
more important it is that the professor actively gUide the 
students," he says . . . . 

A reading class which uses the student s text mateTlallS now 
sponsored by Adaptive Learning. The class meets tWice. a week 
[or the first six weeks of this quarter, and it has approximately ' 
fifty students. A summer session of reading improvement will 
probably take place, ays Whitehill, al<;(l designed for speed 
and flexibility of reading skills. 

There are Adaptive Learning offices on all three campuses. 
The Revelle office is staffed by Norma Fierer, extension 1914, 
in the southeast corner of the Revelle Commons. 

Percy Myers and Barbara Penn , extension 2119 , can ~e 
reached in the same building as the Third College Provost s 
office on Matthews campus. Rick Whitehill is located in the 
central Adaptive Learning office on the 6th floor in Muir 
building 20. extension 2401. 

MAY 7th 
FRIDAY 

8:30 
REVELLE CAFETERIA 

HAROLD LAND 
BOBBY 

HUTCHERSON 
QUINTET 
CONCERT OF 
BLACK MUSIC 

FREE*FREE*FREE*FREE 

Overseas Stud'y Competition 
"':Ie official opening of the 1972-73 competition for gran~s for 
g;~duate study or ~esearch abroa~ , and for professIOnal 
training in the creative and performmg arts, was announced 
Saturday by the Institute of International Education. . . 

Candidates must be U.S. citizens at the lime of apph~atl~n, 
have a bachelor's degree or its equivalent before th~ beg!nmng 
date of the grant and, in most cases, be proflcl.ent In ~e 
language of the host country. Except for cer~m specIfic 
awards, applicants may not hold or expect to receive the Ph.D. 
before the beginning of the grant. . 

Selection is based on the academic and /or professional 
record of the applicant, the ~easibi1ity of hiS ~roposed study 
plan, his language preparation and personal qu~lIf1catlons . 

Preference is given to candidates between tlie ages of 20 and 
35 and to those who have not had prior opportunity for 
ex'tended study or residence abroad, with the exception of 
those who have served in the armed forces. 

Application forms and information for the students currently 
enrolled in UCSD may be obtained from the campus Fulbright 
Program Adviser, Jean Fort, Offic~ . of Gra~uate Studies & 
Research, I08MC. The deadline for filing applicatIOns through 
the Fulbright Program Adviser, is Oct. 11 , 1971. 

Graduation on Black's Meadow 
The Public Ceremonies Committee met last Tuesday. The 

group, which is responsible for making arrangements for the 
graduation ceremony June 13, has already made several 
decisions. Among them are : 

(1) The ceremony will be held at the knoll (Black 's Meadow ) 
instead of Revelle Plaza as it was last year. 

(2) Caps and gowns are mandatory, a~d everyone 
participating (faculty includ:ct ) mu~t pay for their gowns. O.ne 
notable exception - graduating semors can apply for fmanclal 
aid . 

Hitch Released from Hospital 
niversity President Charles Hitch has returned home [rom 

the hospital. He was released by doctors last Friday and is 
Dresently recuperating. Any [ear. of heart cSamage w~s 
dismissed when Hitch's illness was dIagnosed as a blood clot In 
the lungs. . . ' 

Dean Johnson of University relatIOns indicated that the 
president will resume work at his office soon. 

Commoner Mandeville Lecture Today 
Biologist Barry Commoner, known as the " Paul Rev~re of 

ecology," is scheduled to give the Spring Quarter lecture m the 
continuing Mandeville Lecture Senes Tuesday, May 4 .. 

Dr. Commoner, director of the Center for the BIO~ogy of 
Natural Systems at Washington University in Sl. LoUIS, Will 
talk on "The Human Condition : Crisis and Promise." The 
lecture, to begin at 8 p.m. in the UCSD Gymnasium, is free and 
open to the public. ' . 

Dr Commoner is considered one of the best Informed and 
most articulate spokesmen for the safeguarding of man's 
natural environment from the effects of over-population and 
industrialization. He joined the faculty of Washington 
University in 1947. served as chairman of the Botany 
Department from 1965 to 1969 and has b~en director of the 
Center for the Biology of atural Systems sl9ce 1966. 

11 , L.A. to LONDON I return from Amsterdam I 
I"'" 11/S. ... 11 S "'/ 
1' .... 18/S... 1 1269 I 
1, ..... 21/ .... 2. U" 
I 1 I .... 26/S. .. 2. S 16'1 
l S.pt2On.Wayto Amt 11361 
I lmmedCltt ticket.,,,, 10f' cSl KOUM HiClhn lon6ofI 10 I 
" ..... S 17. , ....... S S2.lO . .. ~ S ISO. 1 
,

to Noirciw S !,SO lorOt dlKOVr\t' .ft (an oltd 1 
monyotiol",'lighlJ 

, MAIL COUPON OR ~HONE 1 
1 Dokntit, (21J) 211·52OO .. '1S·3111 1 I ".S.ftO lro .. I, '175 ""to ~nk. I .. I 
, "''''IrHil.. I 
,-------------------1 
11 .... ------------------1 
I 1 ! (ltyo -------------------1 

COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANi 
327 F st, 

PAYS DONORS 
for services 
T u.s. thru Sat. 

233-1321 

AS Election Results 
Electlol Res.ltl- Flaal OffldaJ Tally 
x - elected, (,,) - write-ill 
First two candidates will be in rulHlfl if neither receives majority. 
1446 Ballots Cast - 33% of AS Electorate. 
Presldn t - 1393 Ballots 

Paul Kaufman 472 (33 .9%) 

Vlce-Prelldell-l229 BaUots 

Tom Caryl 
Carmen Nevarez 
Mike Sheerin 
Beth Lyons 
Mark Siegel 
Others 

421 
311 
223 
135 
82 
57 

(34.3%) 
(25.3%) 
(18.1% ) 
(11.0% ) 

(6.8%) 
(4.6%) 

David Shaw 391 (28.l% ) Commissioaer of CommuDity Service - 994 Ballots 
Karl Keating 247 (17 .7% ) 
DiddoClark 176 02.6%) 
Brian Ritter 43 (3.1%) xJuan Lopez 728 (73.2% ) 
Doug Ballis 30 (2.2% ) Ross Farley{w) 186 (18.7% ) 
Others 34 (2.4% ) Others 80 (8.0%) 

ASUCSD 
OFFICIAL BALLOT 

INSTRUCTIONS 
A validated March 1971 1.0. card must be presented to vote. 
Voting will take Ilace from 9:30 A.M. to 4:00 P.M., Tuesday, 
May 4, through Friday, May 7, 1971 in front of USB 2722, Muir 
Commons, and Information Center in Building 250 MC. 

PRESIDENT 

DAVID SHAW 

V ICE ·PRE S IDE NT 

COMMISSIONER OF ACADEMIC AFFAIRS 

CII1MISSIONER DF EXTERNAL AFFAIRS 

PUBLIC RELATIONS DIRECTOR 

Shall the Associated Students of UCSD assess themselves, beginning 
in the fall quarter of 1971. an increase in the.A .S .. fee ?f $3.00 
per quarter, to be utilized exc1usive1~ ~or a flnancla1 alds-~OP . 
scholarship fund; such funds to be admlnlstered by the UCSD Flnancla1 
Aid~ Office. 

ThaI's how many times PSA connects San 01'00 with Los An-
geles. Hollywood-Burbank, Ontario, Long Beac:h. Oakland. San 
Francisco. Sacramenlo. and San Jose. With lowest air lares. 
Mel1t your campus rep hallway. Or your travel agent. Or PSA. PIA.,.,.. ... 

~ehavethe 

&:J::l:OH,-r 
o:f i. t! -/fd' Mi .. ion V.lley Cenler S 

GrotlmOnl Cenler 

Commllsloaer of Academic Alfalrs -1157 Ballots 

Mike Duca 
Bob Jackson 
Jim Si11s 
Others 

424 
360 
328 
45 

(36.6% ) 
(31.1%) 
(28.3% ) 
(4.0% ) 

CommissloDer of External Alfairs - 919 Ballots 

Ken Karr 
Kevin Olson 
Others 

411 
453 
55 

(44.7% ) 
(49.3% ) 
(6.0% ) 

Commissioner of StudeDt Welfare - 1021 Ballots 

Il Fred Fruchthendler 
Mike Roberts 
N-dugu Taboo (w ) 
Others 

604 
274 
84 
59 

(59.2% ) 
(26.8% ) 
(8.2% ) 
(5.8% ) 

Public Relations Director - 1019 Ballots 

Tom Deits 
Craig Griffin 
Chris Karlene 
Larry Black 
Others 

410 
249 
169 
145 
46 

(40.2% ) 
(24.4% ) 
(16.6% ) 
(14.2% ) 
(4.5%) 

Program Board Chairman - 1180 Ballots 

x Dave Wallace 
Dan Spellins 
Others 

710 
445 
25 

(60.2% ) 
(37.7%) 
(2.1%) 

Referendum 1 - Reduce AS salaries by at least50% - 1285 
Ballots 

x Yes 
No 

778 
507 

(60.5% ) 
(39.4% ) 

Referendeum 2 - Voluntary AS fees (This referendum would 
have required a two-thirds vote to pass - 1309 

Yes 
xNo 

Run-off Election 
Through Friday 
Ba"ot at Left 
At left is the official ballot 

for the AS run-off election. 
Students may use it or ballots 
available at election tables on 
Revelle Plaza near USB 2722, 
east of the Muir Commons, or 
at the Information Center in 
MC250. 

The election will take place 
today through Friday with 
election results in next 
Tuesday" TRITON TIMES. AS 
Commissioner of Academic 
Affairs Jim Sills told the 
TRITON TIMES, "The election 
is very important!" 

586 
723 

(44 .8% ) 
(55.2% ) 

(e.cept Sol Eve) 

CALIGULA 
Al ber t a mu l 
pt nt trating drama of t he 
d .. a den t Ro man 
Emptror ... all "ho oppo e 
hi s d i to rt ed idea o f 
hum a n \l alu e ar e 
thr t al oned bJ Cali gula' 
tyrann ical rule ... 

S2 '011',,* .. W"" Thu"", Su"- .... .., 
13 OO I" t , 5eJ ..... , 
S2.ooISv,.. MM •. Mr, 16 
11 $0 Stv. ft." c ... I lINt.; MI. 

• • . w . .., •. 

cassius carter 
centre stage 

ADJACIWT 10 OlD GUill MAllt 

bcilboo pa'" 
phon_ 

239·2255 
after 
noon 

COFFEE HUT 
(OOLHAND 

LUKE 
WED. NITE 

FREE-FREE-FREE-FREE 
FIL~-FIL~-FIL~-FIL~-FIL~ 

WINNERS OF THE 
ELECTION CONTEST 

CHUCK LlEBOW 
HENREY BENZVI 
JOHN KAFKO 

MIKE BRIDGES 
JEFF ELLWOOD 

DOUG TRANI 
PICK UP YOUR PIZZAS AT LITTLE C'S 

T ..... y. M.,4, 1171 TritonTlmes ' ... 3 



The opinfoM •• presMd on these pog., or. tho~ o'f the authors whoM nomes oppear in the b.,lines and do not necel-
IOrily r.flect the view. of !he TRITON TIMES. Anyone d .. iri~g to .ubmit material to be publi,hed on the .. pogo •• hould 
.. nd it to the Editorial Oiro<tor, TRITON TIMES, 117 "ok. HolI , UCSO. 

The Thumb 

California Hitchhiking Threatened 
Bruce G. Weniger ' 

(This is the second in a two-part series on the 
serious restriction agaiDst hitchhiking under 
consideration in the State Senate. Friday the 
background and application of Senate Bill 9% 
was discussed, aDd the need for hitchhiking as a 
form of transportation and a means of cutting 
down pollution were presented as reasons for 
opposing Ihis bill.) 

Many young people are opposed to Senate Bill 
92 out of fear , and unfortunately their fear is not 
groundless. Police harassment-although a 
taboo word to the establishment press and 
the population that it serves-happens to be an 
everyday fact of life to the counter-cuIture of 
youth in this country, who are experimenting 
with once sacred societal forms. 

People are successfully living their lives with 
radical changes in their family structure. 
cultural expression , dress , economic 
organization, and personal relationships. This 
makes cops uptight . Experience teaches that in 
many conservative areas of CaIi£ornia, the 
police would love to use SB 92 to bust the asses 
of otherwise law-abiding, long-haired 
hitchhikers. 

It is obvious, then , that this anti-hitchhiking 
bill is conducive to an increase of tension, 
hostility , and hatred between the cops and the 
young, and its passage would certainly be 
interpreted as an act of oppression against a 
particular style of youthful life. 

Senate Bill 92 is currently sitting in the 
Judiciary Committee of the State Senate. If this 
committee votes to pass it, it will be sent to the 
Senate as a whole, and then referred to the 
Assembly for similar action and final passage. 
At this point it is still in the beginning of the long 
process of becoming law, but if it can be 
defeated in committee now, however, it would 
be effectively killed for this year 's session. 

Will It Pass? 

What are the chances this bill will pass? 
Anything can happen once this bill reaches the 
floor of the two houses of the legislature, and 
Reagan has already expressed his willingness to 
to sign it. Therefore the main hope is to defeat it 
while it is still in the Judiciary Committee. 

If the committee votes along party lines, with 
the seven Democrats voting against, and the six 
Republicans for. then the bill will be defeated . 
However, there is a strong likelihood that one or 
more of the Democrats might defect to vote for 
the bill. 

There is very little public support for S8 92. 
Even the California Highway Patrol 's liaison 
officer with the Legislature, Inspector G. B. 
Craig. has said in a letter to the author of the 
bill that he does not feel SB 92 is necessary from 
a police viewpoint . and that it might worsen the 
already strained relations between police and 
young people. This does not mean, however, 
that these senators will oppose the bill . The 
ostensible highway safety aspect of the measure 
appeals to some of them 

Several senators are wavering in their 
position on this bill , probably waiting for some 
reaction from their constituents and for the 
te timonyat he public hea rings on the bill . In a 

letter to Paul Rude, a founder of Friends of the 
Open Road, a group formed to organize 
opposition to the bill , Senator John Holmdahl of 
Alameda County said he had not yet made up his 
mind on the biJI , but that "probably because of 
frequent news reports of drivers being robbed , 
beaten, or worse, by persons to whom they have 
offered a ride, I have been personally opposed to 
itchhiking. " 
Friends 01 the Open Road is actively seeking 

organizations and individuals to help change the 
minds of senators like Mr. Holmdahl by 
testifying against the bill when it comes up for 
public hearings. Inquiries should go to Paul 
Rude at 574 Peralta , Berkeley 94707, or (415 1 
527-1896. 

It is the opinion of Mr. Rude, based on his 
talks with several of these legislators and their 
aides, that they are not aware of the significant 
number of people who would be affected 
adversely by this bill . He feels that unless the 
constituents of these senators express 
themselves in a sustained massive 
way-through letters to their senator at the 
State Capitol , phone calls to their senators' 
local of£ice , and attendance at the public 
hearings on this bill (contact Marjorie Munden, 
Judiciary Committee Secretary, for the date of 
hearings)-Senate Bill 92 is likely.to pass. 

Thirteen MeD 

Several of the key senators come from 
districts with large student, and presumably 
hitchhiking, populations. Both Holmdahl and 
Nicholas Petris, another Democrat from 
Alameda County, represent the district 
containing UC Berkeley and Cal State Hayward. 

Two other Democrats, Senators Alfred Song 
of Monterey Park and George Zenovich of 
Fresno, represent districts encompassing Cal 
State Los Angeles and Cal State Fresno, 
respectively: 

Cal State San Jose is represented by Senator 
Clark Bradley, a. Republican whose district 
includes most of Santa Clara County. The 
University of Redlands, and UC Riverside are 
within the district of another Republican, 
Senator Gordon Cologne. 

Three more Republican senators, Donald 
Grunsky of Monterey and Santa Cruz Counties , 
Robert Lagomarsino of Ventura and Santa 
Barbara Counties, and George Deukmejian of 
Long Beach, represent districts containing UC 
Santa Cruz, UC Santa Barbara . and Cal State 
Long Beach. 

Democratic Senators George Moscone of San 
Francisco and Arlen Gregoric of nearby San 
Mateo County have, of course, sizable numbers 
of hitchhikers in their districts . 

The remaining two senators who comprise the 
thirteen member Judiciary Committee are 
Republican Robert Stevens and Democrat 
Anthony Beilenson, both of Los Angeles. 

The spirit of sharing through hitchhiking is 
ingrained in our history and memorialized in 
our heri tage of poetry, literature. music and 
cinema. Instead of making criminal this 
venerable custom , it should be preserved as a 
utilitarian symbol of our freedom and 
traditional hospitality. Let's hope these thirteen 
men see hitchhiking in the same light. 

triton tilTIes 
New. Dept 
Ed Boyl. 

FdiIOr-in-{ ni,·f lid , .. oo r! C.mnlon Ro .. DeCo.to 
:. ~. ". . SulJL;e Fi"l. <. .I ~ Ed.lor ....... La rl \ l·tIIlH!!l·r JefiGroham 

1\1anol(inl( I dllor ...... \l iL. l" "-I a~(' r Robe,tM,II.r 
Cop~ Edilo -....... Ch"..!.. (; raha AI DebbleMontgome'Y 

f rank Phillip, Hu'in(" ~ \I Jnu!(,·r ....... J df hil'll Cliff PO\! 
Ediloriaill irtflur .. Hall,,1 Cutltrera- Mark S,ogel 
Alo oriall,ttli ~. dilur ... O"l. td o~ lll"r ~:~~r~I!:mon 

\1 .. 111 Sl'h ill 
Arti'" 
Soroh McKenno 
Allan Sekula 

Art- Editor ......... Trrr~ lIaraL. 
SI)(Orl~ Edil .. r ..... .. HIH· L. ~ lIalfol1 

Ph'llo!(raph ~ E,lilur .... Matt Hinton George Salon, 

Contributor, 
J,m S,II, 
Arts Deportment 
Tom Seer 
Jay G,lIeHe 
lorry Johnlon $argun Ton. 
Ken 80rnr~ 
Come RIckey 

Photography 
Jon Fronek 
AdYertiling 
Oeportment 
Mork Tulilng 
Su.an Code. 
Molly Sel .. n 
MC'.'DriDI StDH 
Steve Cohen 
She,lo Calhoun 

An' I Monoging Ed. C 0 
Joe Eostern .py .par.ment 
Comy Shorock Debbie Montgomery 

Gleno Schroeter 
Production 
Oo.e 8uchblnder 

Sports ¥iril.r 
Mike Roth 

Th. TilTON TIMES '. oll,,'alll' r.cognlled and .uppor'ed 0. a .'udent ne..,.paper by the CommunlCat,on. Boord 
of the Unl .-.r~ty of (Ol.fO'"IO, SO" 01 go, aU ll d,,'\C~ 250, MOHhew\ Compu\, La Jollo, CollfornlO 92037 Publication 
I' ~I(. week i., on lu.~doy, ond Fridays Offices ore Io<oted In room 11 7, 810 •• Hall, on the Re .... lle Campu, for 
Ad .... r"\lng phone 4.53 7000. Xl 0 11, for ed ' iorioi or neW'\ phone X 1016 

Palle 4 Triton Times Tuesday, MaV 4 , 1971 

AS Referendum 

Vote to support 
Financial Aids and EOP 

Mike Palcic 
Someone must bear an increased 

commitment to financial aids and EOP. In the 
wake of faltering commitments at the federal, 
state and University levels, the Associated 
Students of UCSD are being asked to assess 
themselves a $3 per quarter fee for this purpose. 

These programs of financing low income and 
minority students in the University are in 
jeopardy. Although they wiJJ not fall apart 
altogether by any means, they still will suffer 
downgrading due to lack of funds unless there is 
action. That is, either : ( 1) fewer than projected 
numbers of low·income and minority students 
will be admitted to UCSD: (2) those that are 
admitted wiJJ have a portion of their already 
tight budget left unmet ; or (3) both of the 
above. 

The State government has not manifested any 
commitment to alleviating the educational 
disparity that exists, especially across racial 
groups in California. Reagan has incessantly 
claimed that it is the States' duty to finance its 
lower income and minority students in its 
institutions of higher learning. But this glorious 
statement has only manifested itself for the 
University in his constant vetoes of legislative 
appropriations for EOP ; and this year, to 
balance the Regents ' $1.5 million EOP request, 
the governor has included nothing for EOP in 
his budget. 

Even if the Student legislative advocate in 
Sacramento succeeds in influencing the 
legislature to amend the governor's budget to 
include the EOP request, the Reagan Blue 
pencil wiJJ, in all likelihood, scratch the 
appropriation into veto city. Quite simply, 
Reagan thinks that low-income and minority 

students can be educated in the junior colleges 
and state colleges and we can save the better 
University education for those that can afford 
it. 

The University itself doesn't appear to want 
to take up the slack either. Although the Student 
Registration Fee is taxed to the hilt to support 
financial aids and EOP, the entire sum of the 
newly-imposed Education Fee (tuition) is being 
used to support Capital Outlay (planning, 
construction and equipping of buildings). In the 
face of the financial aids shortage, the Student 
Body President's Council has unanimously 
proposed to use one-half of education fee 
income for financial aids and EOP, a concept 
already rejected by the Regents one year ago. 
Thus, it is doubtful that this student voice will 
be heard this year either. 

And to top things off-it will be most difficult 
to insure that the level of federal funding 
secured this year will be maintained for next, 
let alone increased. 

Thus we are left with the situation of growing 
unmet need in financial aids-EOP . The 
Associated Students of UCSD are asked in a 
referendum this week to demonstrate their 
commitment to alleviating the vast educational 
disparity that exists by narrowing the gap of 
that unmet financial need. The support of the 
students must be overwhelming to insure the 
necessary 60 percent turnout and two-thirds 
majority required for passage. All low-income 
students at UCSD are dependent on this needed 
increase to already inadequate funds, and wide 
student support is necessary to help rectify the 
shortage. 

r:':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':':.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:;:.:;:.:;:;:;:;:;:.:.:;:.:.:.:.:;:;:;:;:.:;:.:.:.:.:.:;:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.;.:.;.:.:.:-:*! 

jl~Third College Presents ~~ 
~ I ~ N 
ili ~ ~~ Jazz The Black Music ~~~! 
I Pro~:::~hh~;~:~lege I 
III The Harold Land-Bobby Hutcherson intensity, on the other hand, have often ~~~: 
::: quintet, one of the world's outstanding Jazz proved to be too demanding for the tastes of ;::; 
::: groups , wiJJ give a free concert on Friday, the general public. :::: 
::: May 7, at 8:30 p.m., in the Revelle cafeteria. ' :::: 
::: The event is being presented by Third Third College hopes to be able to develop a:;:; 
::: College to dramatize its efforts to develop a Black music studies program in the near :::: 
::: strong ethnic studies program. future , and is planning to initiate this :::: 
::: Black music is America's most importatnt program by inviting prominent Black :::: 
::: original contribution to the arts. It is, at the musicians to serve as artists in residence at ~:: 
::: same time, a music which closely expresses UCSD. By presenting this free concert, Third :::: 
::: the artistic personality and creative genius College intends to emphasize the importance :::: 
:1: of the black people in America. Beyond the of Black music, and to give everyo~e at :i:~ 
::: . boundaries of the United States it has long U~SI? an opportumty to. bec~m~ acquainted ::?, 
::: been recognized as an important art form . With Its beauty and creative Vitality. ::~ 
:;: But racist considerations have kept the For music students a technical workshop::;: 
::: American cultural establishment from with Land and Hutcherson has been arranged ~ 
::: recognizing the true significance of Black for the afternoon of May 7,from 3-5 p.m. ~~ 
::: music . The music 's structural complexity , Interested students should contact the Third ::~ 
::: creative integrity and emotional College provost's office for details . :::; 
:::~:~::::;:;:::::::::::::::::;:::;:;:::::;:;:;:::::.:;:::.:.::: ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::=:::::::::::=:::::::::.:::::=:.:.:::::::::.:::;:::.:.:.:.:::.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:::.:;:.~~:: 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
Plurality Election 
EDITOR: 

As a freshman at UCSD [ 
have observed the campaigning 
for the AS elections and have 
been thoroughly disenchanted. 
It has been a . high school 
revisited . . 

I hav e watched the 
candidates put up sign s, pass 
out leaflets and litter the 
campus with their slogans. The 
TRITON TIMES has also 
printed an article on each 
candidate, describing his or her 
platform. I have not met a 
candidate or had a chance to 

, talk to one or pre nt qu stions 
I have (except for a debat 
which was so disorderly I 
walked out l. My only contact 
with ca nd ida te has consisted 
of being handed a piece of 

paper with a name on it, and 
having a slogan recited to me; 
this is all. I really know nothing 
about the candidates, and I 
wonder if any of them care 
about my views. 

I also see fault in the fact 
that only undergraduates may 
vote . It is more than likely that 
decisons made by the AS 
council are of interest to the 
whole UCSD community, not 
just the undergrads . 

There is an alternative being 
offered. It is a government 
serving the whole community 
elected by a simple plurality. 
Anyone in the UCSD 
community may vote. To vote. 
all one does is write down the 
names o[ one to seven people 
h or sh thinks will serve the 
community well . The ballot 
will be tallied and the seven 
p ople with th mo t votes Will 
be members of the community 

counci I. If some one who is 
elected declines, the person 
with the (lext highest number of 
votes will serve. 

With this voting method 
people will no longer have to 
vote for a lesser of evils or 
against someone. We will have 
a government of the 
community that will serve the 
community not lead them. 

If you vote plurality, you yote 
for someone you know and 
trust. Howard Kaplan 

Hundreds upon hundreds of flowers fell out of the 
sky, raining upon the pleasure-seeking crowd 
gathered on the soccer field for last Saturday'S 
Renaissance Carnival, the Rites of Spring. A small 
single prop plane continued to make passes overhead , 
dropping its peaceful payload of flowers on the 
festival-grounds. The carnival, begun as a project for 
Bill Wilde's sociology class and later sponsored by a 
variety of campus organizations, was a glaring 
success. 

Booths, set up in a ~ircle on the field in front of the 
gym, were operated by a variety of groups and 
individuals from the campus community. Arts and 
crafts wares-sand candles, Mexican peasant shirts, 
earrings, and roach-clips to name a few- were offered 
at some of the booths. "John Wilkes" booth, 
sponsored by the Yippies, was selling funky bumper 
stickers: USE ONLY BIO-DEGRADABLE SHIT and 
SMASH THE STATE (one only wonders how many 
traffic tickets per mile a long-haried driver might 
score with the latter on his car) . 

A wide variety of foods was available from various 
booths. Third College students sold " Soul" fried 
chicken ~inners; costumed girls in their long dresses 
offered home baked bread and cakes ; enterprising 
skin divers cooked abalone sandwiches; and oriental 
students sold barbecued teriyaki beef. 

Renai.ssance Carnival 

Festivities Revolve 

Around the May Pole 

Photos By 
Molt Hinton 

Terry Borak 
Arts Editor 

The day was filled with unusual events. For a nickle 
you could have a pillow joust, trying to knock your 
opponent off a board suspended between two 
pedestals. For a quarter , you had five softball throws 
and the chance to knock , via a mechanical apparatus, 
a wet suited fellow off a platform into a waiting tub of 
water. The Anomoly Factory put on a playlet, written 
especially for the carnival, about a medieval court of 
love-starved counts and their ladies. 

About midday, twenty fruit pies were set in the 
middle of the circle, aDd the pitH!3ting contest was 
announced. The prize? A free pie, what else. 
Contestants,not allowed louse their hands were obliged 
to lay down on the grass and put their faces mto the 
middle of their pies. After one contestant threw his 
pie at the others, what was a pie-eating contest one 
minute, was transformed in the next, to a pie-
throwing contest. Pies flew wildly , every which way 
into the air, as the disgruntled contestants got into the 
act. 

Toward late afternoon, beautiful Sheila Styron, a 
high school student from San Diego, entranced the 
crowd with her melodic smging and guitar 
accompaniment, providing a fitting conclusion to a 
fine day. Hopefully, after such a successful beginning, 
the Rites of Spring will become an annual event at 
UCSD. 

Tuesday, May 4, 1971 Triton Times Plge 5 



KID' 
AMorFM? 
T,rry Sprale 
Arfs Editor 

Wouldn 't it be great to turn on your radio and 
hear FM rock programming without any 
distracting commercials for a change? But of 
course, radio stations are in business to make 
money and not to entertain; therefore, 
commercials are par for the course of radio 
listening. Some of the bett.er FM 'underground' 
rock stations limit their commercial time to 8 
minutes per hour, and seem to come up with a 
somewhat innproved quality of commercial -
at least when compared to the high-pitch quick 

Mark Elson, former Station Manager has 
been working toward that goal. The nece~sary 
procedure to make KSDT an FM station is to 
obtain the Regents' permission to apply for an 
FM permit, apply for an FM license of 
sufficient strength to reach the desired 
broadcast range, to obtain the money necessary 
for the new equipment from the UCSD 
Communications Board (the body which funds 
the various campus media, including the Triton 
Times), and finally, to set up the new 

~ransinitte~ a.nd antenna . Elson says that $14,000 
IS the mmlIDum anticipated cost of the 
equipment needed in switching to FM . . "sell AM ad spots. 

However, there is one radio station playing 
~e kind of music you may want to hear (rock, 
Jazz, and folk .. . ) without the obligatory 
advertising irritations. But, how does such a 
station broadcast? (I.e. who pays the bills? ) For 
your information, YOU do; at least, if you are a 
registered UCSD student. A small part of the 
$162 in fees you pay each quarter goes to support 
KSDT - our campus radio station. 

If the Regents ' approval is obtained by this 
June, then KSDT-FM hopes to broadcast by 
the second quarter of next school year. Until 
this time, KSDT will continue to broadcast in 
its current capacity. . 

KSDT is located at 550 on the AM dial , and 
unfortunately , can be heard only in the dorms on 
campus. This means that although all UCSD 
students equally contribute to its funding , only 
dorm students may take advantage of it. KSDT 
has for three years operated as an AM carrier 
current station - the lowest power type of 
transmission available. For nearly as many 
years, the staff and management of KSDT has 
wished to be a full-fledged FM radio station 
with sufficient broadcast power to reach UCSD 
students from Del Mar to Clairemont. 

In order to comply with the Federal 
Communications Commission regulations, 
KSDT -FM will have to devote a certain 
amount of its air time to "the public's 
interest"-that is, public affairs and/or news 

b~oadcasts . In preparation for this , Program 
Dlrecto~ Mike Leslie is currently working on 
developtng such programming for this quarter. 

One aspect about KSDT that has been of some 
controversy of late is the station's salaries. The 
salaries, as budgeted by the Communications 
Board for this current year are: 

::itation Manager. ............ . .... $600/year 
Program Director ........ . ... . ... $450/year 
Engineer ............... .. _ . ..... $450 /year 
Secretary Assistance . .. .. .. .... ... ~/year 

Movie Preview 

"Struggle For Life" 
Editor's Note: Tom Perry is a 
student at tbe UCSD Medical 
Scbool aDd a representative of 
tbe Medical Committee for 
Human Rigbts. 

Strugle For Life is a 30 
minute, black and white, 16 
mm film about the Vietnamese 
war, composed of French 
Vietnamese, American, and 
Canadian documents 
accompanied by a persuasive 
English-language narra tive. It 
is dedicated to the health 
workers of the National 
Liberati01 Front. It 
demonstrate l the impact of the 
American military on 
humanity tn ,outh Vietnam. 

We are s'lOwn: Vietnamese 
countryside lS it appears to the 
bombad ier, . nd nex t, n 52':; l e 
they appea to the bombed 

•. villager ; ~merican troops 
spraying poison into 
undergroun.l bunkers and 
igniting tha~ched huts- " 'We 
can now say with confidence 
that pa cificatio n is 
succeeding .' thus spoke 
President Nixon on April 20. 
1970." ; Vietnamese and 

.. Americans murdering 
peasan.ts ; the misery , 
mutilation and death resulting 
~rom dynami1e, gasoline, and 
metal fragment explosions in 
Vietnamese homes and 
~. villages. 

Life goes on in the face of our 
savage attack blighted by the 
continual threat of 
annihilation. Stills improvised 
from American bomb 
fragments produce water for 
jungle hospitals, and the heat 
they generate must be 
dispersed through the jungle in 
conduits to avoid the holocaust 
which would ensue from 
detection by infra-red heat 
sensors of our bombers. 
Children play; men and women 
laugh with courage. The 
transportation system which 
our planes, helicopters and 
trucks are strategically 
organized to destroy, consist of 
sampans, bicycles, and human 
backs. Life goes on, sustained 
by faith in a cause with the 
tot:>1 support of the people. 

The medical care system is 
discussed in an interview 
between a French 
correspondent and the director 
of public health services from 
the NFL-PRG ; as temporary 
hospitals, jungle medical 
schools, and mobile medical 
teams are shown in operation. 
We see and are told that 
medical aid in the form of 
antibiotics, antimalarials , 
plasma, and surgical kits would 
be of great help to this terribly 
oppressed and needy people. 
For us to send such aid would 

...... Triton Tim.. Tu...,.. Mey 4. 1971 

allow us to participate in the 
construction of an alternative 
to the soar of the B-52's as a 
voice of the American people to 
the people of Vietnam. 

Struggle For Life will be 
shown on campus this 
Thursday night, May 6, at 8:30 
p.m. in U.S.B. 2722. The 
presentation is being sponsored 
by the Medical Committee for 
Human Rights. 

Simian Spheroid 

An Evening at the 
Friday Nite Fli~ks 

Dav, Buchbinder 
Arfs Writ.r 

Friday night and nothing to do, which is 
nothing new. 

" Let's do something." states one of our 
group. 

" What?", queries another. 
"Let's go to the movies," suggests an action 

minded individual. 
"Nahh! echoes the responsive group. 
" Well , let's do something," reiterates 

speaker number one. 
"What?" 
" I don 't k " 
. now, suggests an imaginative 

beIDg. 
"Let's go to the movies! " declares the group 

in voices of discovery. 
" Which one?" asks an energetic explorer. 
" A cheap one, " remarks a thrifty individual. 
And so no sooner said than not done, we 

commence preparation for what we will 
ultimately discover to be more than a show but 
an experience very similar to that of tryi~g to 
cure a case of the hiccups by holding your 
breath for thirty minues. 

We grab our coats, glasses, blankets, pillows, 
boys, girts, wallets, several odd looking 
~igarettes, pile into the car , start the engine, 
hght one of the cigarettes, begin chanting 
'Pfuhh ', and off we go. 

Four cigarettes and 10 minutes later we 
arrive at what appears to be UCSD, but to we 
really don't know. 

Anyway, we meticulously poke our way 
through the luminous void of the Urey Hall 
parking lot, and later than sooner the gym 
looms before our eyes like the Rock of Gibraltar 
at half-mast. We purchase some tickets and 
proceed to enter the gym proper. 

We find seats and begin to observe the scene 
around us. Rqck music blares forth from four 

hug~ loudspeakers with a deafening roar, 
portions of the crowd are rolling around the 
floor immersed in fits of hysterical laughter, 
others are staring blankly out into space in 

~rch of the lost chord, one or two are sound 
asleep, and an exotic odor is permeating the air . 
We put everything Into perspective as one of our 
party declares, "This is crazy!" 

Almost comfortable, we anxiously await the 
beginning of the sbow when from out of the 
murk there descend dozens of paper plates. 
Soon the entire crowd is immersed in throwing 
the plates. They travel through the air in 
rhythm with the music, only to land and be 
thrown up again. This lasts for several minutes 
until we finally realize that the pia tes are ~ 
longer being thrown, but something still seems 
to be striking us. "Marshmallows!", screams 
someone c1oseby, "We're being stoned! " 

With that bit of profundity in order, the room 
darkens and the filmed show begins, after 20 
minutes of technical difficulties. 

The first film concerns a computerized insect 
that eats itself. When it is over, everyone in the 
audience is attempting the same. However, the 
advent of short flick number two halts the 
imminent banquet. This film concerns two 
dancers, and .comes on to the crowd as very, 
very sensual Indeed. The crowd grows quieter 
and quieter \.Intil the feature, "Red Dirgible", 
begins. 

"Red Dirgible" is an animated film about a 
journey to a place called Saltland, where a 
strange race of creatures known as the Mean 
Greenies has subdued the docile populace. The 
picture ends with everybody friends and the 
audience sound asleep. 

The lights flick on , everybody wakes up, a 
raffle is held , and in a repugnant display of 
inequality everybody loses except for one lone 
non-conformist. 

We leave the gym, and stumble towards the 
car as someone says, "Let's do something." 

Dan HIcks aad His Hot Licks 

Hot Licks Put on a Hot Show 
Arts Editor 
Terry Boraie 

Abou.t a month ago, while discussing 
upcoming concerts, A.S. Program Board 
Chairman Dan Spellens told me that Dan Hicks 
and His Hot Licks would be playing at UCSD on 
May I. My response was something like " Dan 
Who and the What Licks?" Spellens i~sisted 
"They'll tum this place upside down. " ' 

At l~st Satur~y night's concert in the gym, 
Da~ Hicks and HIS Hot Licks did turn the place 
upSide down, with the weirdest musical act 

U~D has been treated to this year. I've been 
sitting at my typewriter for what seems like 
ages now, trying to find a way to describe them. 
The only real description is, of course, to hear ' 
them (one measure is worth a thousand words 
or something like that). ' 

But short of that, I'll put it this way: Hicks 
and His Licks do a sort of country Ifolksy 
acoustic mellow sound, laced with the 1930ish 
vocals. Hicks plays the deadpan humor Une with 

th~ audience ("Most of these songs were 
written by me ; they're pretty fucking good 
too.") , plays the acoustic guitar aDd sings. He i~ 
accompanied by an acoustic bass, a truly 
outstanding violinist, and the Hot Lidtl-two 

hot female vocalists who provide plenty of 
visual interest to the ~ct. 

Jew Davis and his group were the second act 
of the show. Davis, looking like a remnant of 
America 's Indian past with his lona 
Commanche locks hanging past his shoulders 
played a driving hard mid-Sixtie-, type 0; 
rock'n'roll: D~vis , backed up by bass, drums 
a.nd electriC plano, wailed hard rock, and some 
fine bottleneck guitar. 

Both these groups received standing ovations 
from U!e disappointingly small audience. '!be 

unfo~tunate aspect of this concert was that only 
435 tickets were sold (student tickets were $1) , 
and the A.S. lost approximately $1,6CIO as a 
result. 

The UCSD student body missed a good 
~oncert-offered at a good price. Spellens cal .. 
It a ~tter of trust: "Not every concert has a 
name like Jobn Sebastian to draw the people · 
they're goin~ to have to trult the Protlr~ 
Board to provide good entertainment." 

Not every UCSD concert will have a bic-name 
group. It Is sometimes more economical and 
just as entertaining to get a lood II'OIIP before 
they become famous. But If students don't 
respond to !IORIe unbea rd-of 11'0000', tile future 
01 concerts at UCSD may be pretty 111m. 

Try Agdin 

sports Football at UCSD? It looks as if the Phoenix UCSD football is 
about to rise again from the asbes of the 1968 
team. A student movement, led by freshmen 
Ron Uyeda and Jim Salery, who have been 
active in gathering signatures and sparking 
student interest during the past year, ~as finally 
been successful in initiating Spring practice for 
the proposed 1971 team. For those interested, 
there will be an organizational meeting May 5, 
at 7:00 p.m. that will be held in the conference 
room in the gym. 

have to be spent on new uniforms. The coaching, 
which will be handled by Frank Vitale and Andy 
Skief, with help from other members already in 
the P.E. department, will be done entirely on a 
volunteer basis. 

6-5,6-3 

Tritons Sweep S.C.C. If there is sufficient response at the meeting, 
Spring practice will commeoce in full 
equipment May 10. During the practice period, 
the fundamentals will be stressed and a basic 
offense and defense will be instituted. The 
coaches will be out to learn just what they have 
to work with , and may finish the practice period 
with an intrasquad scrimmage. 

Proposed practice schedules for the fall by 
coaches Vitale and Skief are set from 5-6:30 in 
the evenings, and will not begin until classes are 
underway in September. There will be no 
official workouts before school begins, and the 
a thletes will be responsible for their own 
conditioning over the summer. All scrimmages 
will be held in the local area , so there will be 
virtually no transportation costs. Even the 
refereeing, which accounts for a significant 
part of many a football budget, will be provided 
by members of the staff at no cost. 

Senior John Shinn came 
through with a one out, bases 
loaded single in the bottom of 
the final iMing in the opening 
game of a doubleheader 
Saturday at the UCSD field, to 
give the Tritons a come-from-
behind ~5 win over Southern 
California College. In a loosely 
played second game which saw 
6 errors committed by each 
side, the Tritons prevailed r..3 
to notch their 10th win in 21 
starts. By relieving in the 6th 
inning of the opener and 
scattering 5 hits in the 7-inning 
nightcap, freshman Guy 
Lowery chalked up his 4th and 
5th victories of the season 
against 2 losses, and brought 
his earned run average to a 
team Iea~ing 1.61. 

Shinn's game winning blow 
climaxed an uphill battle for 
the Tritons who trailed at 
various points in the game by 
scores of 4~, 4-2, r..2, and r..4. 
Southern California jumped to 
an early 1-0 lead in the first 
inning on a single and a 
throwing error by Pete Yocky, 
playing 3rd hase in place of the 
still injured Steve Shepherd 
(. 377). Though contributing 2 
hits to the 10 hit attack , Pete 
(.283) had a rare off day in the 
field by committing 2 errors in 
the first game and 3 more in 
the second. 

In the 3rd Innmg, the 
Vanguards tagged starter Jim 
Robinson for 5 singles and 3 
more runs to take a 
commanding 4-0 lead against a 
seemingly lethargic UCSD 
team. In the first inning, Curtis 
Jenkins, after reaching first on 
an error and escaping a pick-
off and run-down, was finally 
thrown out attempting to pilfer 
his 18th base. The only other 
Triton baserunner until two out 
in the third inning was Ron 
Bush, who reached first on an 
infield hit but was quickly 

erased with a successful pick 
off. 

Batting for Robinson with 
two-out in the third , Tom 
Papagna (.500, 8 for t6) 
brought the Tritons to life with 
a line drive double to right 
center off Vanguard pi tcher 
Marty Silvertson . After 
Jenkins followed with a single, 
Tom scored the first Triton run 
when an attempted pick-off 
went into the dirt and got by the 
sec thirdbaseman. Jenkins, 
who had moved ' to second on 
the pick-off attempt, then 
scored when Dave Wright lined 
a single to left. 

Following a pair of walks off 
reliever Chris Stiehl , the 
Vanguards went ahead r..2 
when Yocky failed to handle 
Horman's attempt to throw out 
the lead runner on a double 
steal. The Tritons made it r..4 
in their half of the inning when 
Jenkins led off by strik ing au t, 
but raced around to third when 
the third strike was dropped 
and the ball thrown wide of 
first on the attempt to put out 
the charmed Jenkins. Curtis 
scored when on the next play, 
Wright's chopper to the pitcher 
was thrown to first. A single by 
George Horman followed by 
Yocky's second hit, a double to 
left center, scored the second 
Triton run of the inning. 

When Stiehl issued his 4th 
base on balls to the SCC lead-
off man in the 6th inning, 
Lowery stepped in to relieve. 
Horman's perfect peg nailed 
the runner on his attempt to 
steal second and made 
harmless the two singles 
Lowery later gave up in the 
inning. The Vanguards had 
another single in the 7th, but 
the score remained r..4 as the 
Tritons came up for their last 
chance. 

Jenkins led off the climatic 
inning with his 13th free pass of 

the year and went to 2nd on 
Dave Wright's second single of 
the game. Horman's grounder 
to short forced Jenkins at third, 
but the bases were filled when 
Yocky drew a walk. After 
fouling off a 2-0 pitch to right 
field , the left-handed hitting 
Shinn (.262 ) then lined the next 
pi tch down the left field line to 
score Wrigbt and Horman with 
the tying and winning runs and 
become the Triton hero of the 
day. 

The second contest was 
characterized by relatively 
weak hitting and poor fielding 
by both teams. Lowery spaced 
5 hits over the 7-inning affair, 
but 6 Triton errors allowed the 
Vanguards 3 unearned runs. 
UCSD managed only 3 singles 
- one each by Jenkins, (.269 ) 
Wright (.313) and Ron Bush 
(.335) . But, 6 SCC errors were 
enough to ha nd over a r..3 win to 
the Tri tons. 

The only earned run of the 
ballgame came in the Triton 
3rd when Wright singled, 
Horman (.317 ) walked , and 
Bush hit a two-out single to 
drive in Wright and give the 
Tritons a 4-2 lead. Horman then 
scored the 5th Triton run when 
Jerry Pittman ( .186) hit a 
grounder to third which was 
thrown wild to first. The 3rd 
run for the Vanguards came in 
the 7th on errors by Yocky 
(.283) and second-baseman 
Chuck Bahde ( .196) . 

The UCSD diamondmen have 
now won 5 of their last 7 games 
and close their home season 
today at 3:30 against a strong 
UC Irvine team (2~14), still a 
lead ing contender for the 
NCAA college division play-
offs despite a split with USD 
(24-10 ) last Saturday. An away 
doubleheader at Biola on 
Saturday will close the season 
for the Tritons. 

However, approximately $400 will be required 
to cover the costs of training supplies, tape, 
bandages, etc. for the athletes. This money will 
come out of the Athletic Department and will be 

Possible Scrimmage with usm, USD the only cost for the new program. As with any 
new program, no official budget for football will 

At the end of Spring practice the athletic be requested until the second year. 
depa~tment will know how many students plan Should football become a permanent 
to play next fall, and only then will be able to program, Howard Hunt, Associate Supervisor 
make definite plans for the football program. If of the Physical Education Department 
there turns out to be enough students to fill out a emphasizes that there will be no special 
roster (at least 40 or 50 would be required ), then privileges for football , and nothing will be taken 
possible scrimmages could be arranged with JV from any of the other programs already in 
squads from USIU or USD. Possibly the season existence . 
could reach a climax with a game with Cal Some people may be under the erroneous 
Tech, although at this stage the game is only a belief that the students voted down football in a 
possibility. campus referendum of a few years ago, as 

The schedule for the first year must be kept reported in Sports Illustrated. Actually a 
low-key because of extreme budget limitations request for scholarships and special athletic 
and lack of time. If all works out, the following privileges was turned down overwhelmingly by 
year will show a more competitive schedule the students, none of which will be asked for by 
with more games against different schools. the P.E. Department. Football, however, was 
Funds for the program will not be requested not covered in the referendum. 
until the second year. at which time it can be Coaches Vitale and Skief feel confident that 
determined whether or not football will be a an enjoyable and successful program could be 
permanent part of the athletic department. run under the existing structure. "We're happy 

For those skeptical of organized football on to initiate it again, with the addition of football 
campus, a few facts might be helpful. For the a little more spirit could be added. We could 
first year the program will cost next to nothing. have a good program within the athletic 
All necessary equipment has been held in philosophy of the school , there would be no need 
storage since the 1968 season, so no money Will for any high pressure or recruitment. " 

ri.i.;;B£ .... BAPPY"-;u-.wu .... ~m,...~:iilR;;fRi:R~ • ..;:;. •• 1 
L&UIIED IPUUB. I'BEIfCB oa OEUIAJI 
QUICKLY, EASILY AND DfUPEIIII't'ELY ... 

At a Sullivan Language School. Be a 
happy wanderer by traveling the world with 
a second language at your command. 
Get to really know the people by 
speaking their language. 
It's only common sense. 
And common courtesy. 
Learn Spanish, French or 
German - step·by-step, on 
your own schedule, with a private 
instructor, at a fraction the cost of 
most language courses. Ca ll your 
nearest Sullivan Language School 
to arrange your first lesson FREE. 
There's no obligat ion, of course. 
Remember, the bilingual traveler 
is the happiest wanderer! Get ha[)oY'~-. 

2022 CAM INO DEL RIO NOATH · SAN OIHiO CA 9201 1 
29194 10 

.® SUllivan Language Schools 
TH[ fiRST REVOlUTIONAR't' APPROACH TO l EARNING'" SECOND LANG UAGE.. 

An educational d'v"ion Of 8t".vlof~1 R,H.ren Labor.lorie,. Inc . 

SAT FILMS 
FRANCOIS TRUFFAUT'S 

If you can drive it, 
weill insure it 

for less. 

THE 400 
BLOWS 

AND 
No matter what you drove - from a conservative Volkswagen to a rad io 

cal hot rod - we can save you money on your car Insurance. 
College Student Insurance Service has been working with the Au to 

Insurance Industry for 5 years to prove that college students deserve 
lower rates on their car Insurance Now. if you're an Associated Student 
member, you can get Group Discounted Auto Insur.nce at an average sav· 
ings of 48% in California. Plus, you can continue your coveralle after 
you 're out of school. 

for a personal quote, call CSIS today. 

We feel that you shouldn't have to pay more to insure your car than you 
did to buy it. 

5090 Coil, •• Ave. 
583·9393 

e.s.l.s. W.'r ••• your sl .... 

i NIKOS KOUNDOURO'S 
YOUNCi 

APHIODITES 
USB 2722 7:30/10.45 .• -~, ; ~ 
TlCKnS AVAILABLE AT 

THE UREY HAll-BOX OFFICE 
AND AT THE DOOR 

T ....... , . Mey 4 . 1.71 Triton TilMS ..... 7 



, . 

TUESDAY, 
May4 

MeetiDgs-7 p.m. USB 406OB, 
Triton Wargaming Society. 
7:30 p.m., Revelle Informal 
Lobnge, JSA election meeting. 
7 p.m., PE Classroom, Angling 
Club. 
7:30 p.m., 2C-second floor, 
BhaktiYoga 
7 p.m., Child Care Center, 
Kundalini Yoga Class. 
Bring blanket, candle and food 
to share. 
LEcruRES-UCSD Extension 
Series: 
7-9:45 p.m. Rm. 2100 8.S. 
Building , Med . School , 
" Dentists Ro 1e in 
Beautification; " 
" Modern Use of Contact 
Lenses," R. Anderson, MD. 
7-9:30 p.m., HL Aud , 

"Change-the Name of the 
Game," panel discussion. 
"Careers-A NOW Problem." 
DISCUSSIONS- 7 p.m., Bldg. 
2A Room 2113, the Physics 
major. 
WEDNESDAY, 
May 5 

MEETlNGS-6-8 p.m., USB 
305OB, Alpha Sigma Phi. 
7 p.m., 201 MC, BSU. 
7 p.m., USB 305OA, YSA. 
7:30 p.m., USB 3030A, Workers' 
League Meeting. 
7:30 p.m., North Dining Room-
Revelle, AS UCSD 
EVENTS-Noon , Revelle 
Plaza. Dixieland Band. 

Noon , 2B 2139, 
Crusade for Christ 
MOVlES-8:30 p.m., Coffee 
Hut, "Flash Gordon" and 
"Cool Hand Luke." 
DINNER-5 p.m., University 
Lutheran Church, 25 cents-all 
welcome. 
LEcruRES-7-9:45 p.m., Rm. 
2622 USB, UCSD Extension 
Series; On drugs : " Who's 
Responsible , You or 
Government, "- Neil Chayet, 
Attorney. 
7-9:45 p.m., HL Aud, " Illness 
and Their Images," Dr. Oliver 
MD. . 
DISCUSSION-7 p.m., USB 
3010 The Chemistry major. 
THURSDAY, 
MayS 
MEETlNGS-7 p.m. 2E3 1102, 
Mocca. 
7 p.m., 9th floor seminar room, 
Tioga Hall, Bai Hai Club. 
LEcruRES-7-10 p.m., Rm. 
2100, Basic Sciences Bldg., 
Med. School, UCSD Extension 
Series : " Biochemical 
Mediators of Life Stress," R. 
T. Rubin MD. 
PLA YS-2D Rm. 1330, "The 
Crucible," Students $1 , Gen. 
Adm. $2. 
DISCUSSION-7 p.m., Bldg. 2A 
Rm. 5880, the Mathematics 
major. 
7:30 p.m., USB 4030 A, the 
History Major. . 

Tune your heads into KSDT 
for far-reaching sounds-jazz, 
rock , co untr y, specia l 
programs, information on 
school happenings! 

Student Directories are still 
available at the Edna Office, 
MC250. 

Muir Seniors-A list of all 
seniors who have declared 
their candidacy for Spring or 
Summer '71 has been posted in 
the Muir Provost's Office. 
Please contact Maxine Johnson 
in the Provost's Office to 
confirm your plans for 
graduation. Any deletions or 
additions to the list must be 
made by May 7. 

Revelle Seniors-A list of 
1971 Spring and Summer 
graduating seniors is now 
posted on the bulletin board 
outside the Provost's Office. 
Please check to make sure 
your name is on it. If it is not 
and you wish to graduate file a 
card with the office before May 
6. 

The deadline for submitting 
petitions requesting permission 
to transfer from other UCSD 
colleges into Muir College, 
effective next Fall , is 4 p.m., 
on Friday, May 14. 

"America 's Concentration 
Camps," a striking exhibit by 
Bob Nakamura is on the 
Balcony of Cluster I 

Kiosk Deadlines 
Tuesday Issue: 11 :00 a.m. Monday 
Friday Issue: 11 :00 a.m. Thursday 

Undergraduate Library until 
May 15. The display juxtaposes 
photographs and quotations to 
describe the relocation of 
Japanese - Americans during 
World War II. 

Maynard Mack, from Yale 
UniverSity , will present 
"ANTONY and CLEOPATRA: 
the Stillness and the DANCE" 
at Sherwood Hall at 7:30 p.m. 
Friday, May 7. Free and open 

. to the public. Information: 453-
4100 e 
xt. 241 

r-------------------. 
TOP PROFESSIONAL 

TRAINING FOR 
THE PERFORMER IN THE 

MUSICAL THEATER. 
Now in our 6th year, the thirteen-week session, 
five nights a week, will be held at the Los Angeles 
Music Center for twenty-two ext remely well -
qualified young talents for Fall , 1971. There is a 
$350 fee - scholarships are available. 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday. May 4. 1971 

For Inform. tlon. applic.tlon and .udltlon .chldull 
pll ... fill out this fo rm and send to MUllc l1 The.te; 
.... orklhop. 135 N. Grand AYe .. LOI Angelel. CA 80012. 

N.~ : ______________________ ___ 

Addreu : __________ _ 

L ___________________ ~ 

Jobs 
Male Itudents part/ full time, $3 
hr. plul IChoIaflhip. Call 224-
2864. 11) 
AMBITIOUS MEN of all trades, 
north to ALASKA and YUKON, 
around $2800 a month. For 
complete information write to 
JOB IESEAICH, P.O. Box 161 , 
Stn. A, Toronto, Onto Enclose $3 
to cover COlt. ( ~) 
NEEDED models for exotic 
(Oltumes and body ornaments 
for show in late May. Contact 
Visual Arts. X 199!1. (5-7) 

Services 
DISTINCTIVE TYPlNG-
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Madelt 
Rat... Satilfaction il the end 
product. Helen 459-8888 (I ) 
Typing - for accurate Typing on 
electric pica - term papers, 
thesel, manuscripts, etc. Call 

Mri. McCroskey 287-1607. (I ) 
Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 

Try Jamel Automotive Service 
American and Foreign Carl 
lepaifl and Pollution Control. 
Student Discount 7748 Her .... 1 
La Jolla (in the rear) 459-9181(1) 
Typing ... bperiencecr-tyPist~ .. 
Term paperl, thesel. Electric 
typewriter. Will do rUlh jobl. 
453-6835. (I) 

Personals 
MACREMAY , STITCHERY 
NEEDLEPOINT Clauel and 
supplies. 5721 La Jolla Blvd. (In 
Florence's Pary Shop) 454-1512. 

(5-4) 
For Sale 

' 63 Valiant , ex . cond o 
$500 / trad e for .good 
microscope. New tirel, 23 m.p.g. 
755-7579. (5-4) 
'67 MUltang Faltback excel. 
condo gr"n, 390 COBIA, eng. 4 
barrel good year ralley' magi 
41 ,000 milel. Call 453-0254 
after 6 p.m. (5-4) 
WATER BEDS Tranllusce nt 
Guaranteed to infinity. Wide 
selection, lhapel and lizea: 
6'x7' King Size $34.50. Twinlize 
$29.50. Call 298-9539. (5-7) 

Claricon AM/ FM Stereo leceiver 
70W $120 or best oHer. Larry, 
453-8614 Argo 452 or 453-
8529 Argo 652. ( 5~) 
--.---------

'64 Pontiac GTO Conv. 389 cu. 
in 4-apeed. bcellent condo 
$600,00. Call Jim at 755-6551 
after 6 p.m. (5-14) 

Housing 
Home for 101e. 

Spanilh hou~ excel. 
condo leady for occupancy. 
Fireplace, hardwood floor 3 
bedra.n, den dining ra.n Lat 
75' x 140' on Torrey P1nelld. La 
Jolla. $55,000. Can 459-5552. 

(5-4) 

Interviewing people for new 
Itudio rentall for the fall quarter 
in Del Mar. Furnilhed $125.00 
mo. Write Box 8, 1027 Feldspar 
St. Pacific Beach, SD 92109. 

(5-11) 

Travel 
EUIOPE: $225-$280. Also 
ISIAEL and JAPAN Spring and 
Summer flights available call 
755-3990 after 5 p.m., or writ. 
E.S.E.P. - UCSD 8217 Beverly 
Blvd., Loa hg.lel, Colif. (5/11) 
Europe Jet Charter Flights. 
Spring Special. March 30 thru 
June 15 - $268. PlUI full 
summer program. Call Leslie 
582-9091' after 5. (R) 
EUIOPE/ ISIAEL/ WT AFRICA 
One way and round trip ltudent 
travel discountl. SOFA agent for 
over 2000 inter-Europea n 
Itudent charter fligh ts . 
CONTACT: ISCA 11687 San 
Vincente Blvd., No. 4, L.A. 
Calif., 90049. TEL: (213) 826-
5669. (6-4) 
EUIOPE CHAITERS. $everal 
SChedUle1 from $250 roundtrip, 
$150 oneway. c-dlnator: 
Profe_ Margaret Pool, 247 
loycroft Long Beach 90803 21 3-
438-2179. (5-28) 

CHEAPEST 
JETS TO EUIOPE FROM LA AND 
NY. IMMEDIATE ISSUANa IN- ' 
TNt STUDENT I.D. cAID & 
TICKETING 2000 INTRA-
EUROPEAN/ ASIAN/ AFRICAN 
OtAITERS, EUIAILPASSES. CAR 
PUICHASE AlS RIGHTS No. 
105, 9056 SANTA MONICA, L.A. 
90069 TEL 274-8742 (5/ 28) 
Europe charfefl. 50 Departures, 
0110 from N.Y. Africa, India, 
IIr08I. 60 per cent Off. Fr" info: 
EASC, 323 N. Beverly Dr., 
Beverly HiIIl, Calif., 90210. 
Phone: (213) 276-6293. (5/ 11 ) 

LOS ANcELtS/LONDOiI/LOS XllGtLd 
Depart Return W.ekl Cost 

June 15---Aug 15 9 $275 
June 19---Aug 15 8 $275 
Jun. 2C ---Aug 22 9 $275 
June 24---Sep 5 11 $275 

5 ' Jun. 27---Sop 13 12 $275 
• WLondon/Amlterdam 
July 1 ---Sop J 9 $275 
Aug 17---Sop 19 4 $268 
Sop 5 ---Oct J 4 $258 
ONE IiAY nIGHTS TO EUROPE 

2E Juno H--LA/London $148 
2C July 26--LA/London $139 
J£ Aug 19--LA/Madrid/Frank $lJ5 
4£ Sep 6 --LA/London $12J 
5£ Sop 12--LA/London $l2l 

ONE WAY PLIGHTS hOM EUROPE 
IW June 14 --Amatordom/LA $139 
2W Aug 8 --London/LA $Il9 
JW Sop U--London/LA $148 

STUDENT ID CARD S 
Rail Pass es 

Available only to Univoratty of 
California I tudlntl, faculty, 
employ ••• , ext.nlion and "1 .... 1 
MUlbert plu. i_dioto fuili .. . 

UNI~JMWi 
1007 Broxton A venue 
Los Angeles 90024 

nu, 477-Ull or 473-4443 

BARRY McGUIRE 
\\eve of destruction" 

PLUS 
JOHN & SUZY MANN 

ADD $2.50 
FRI·SAT ·SUN 
OPENS. PM 

NOll VlINV!:UIO 1 1~0~d'NON 


