
' 7 
( 

Avery TakesAssistantRegistrar Position 
John Zoller 
Stoff Writer 

Mary Avery, former academic assistant to the Muir Provost, 
has accepted a position as UCSD assistant registrar. BegiMing 
her new duties late last week, Avery also withdrew her request 
for a formal grievance hearing, which she had filed in 
February after Provost John Stewart gave her terminal notice 
on her old post. 

"While my main commitment has been to serve Muir 
College students .. and my first choice would be to continue 

serving them i~ the Provost's office," explained Mary Avery in 
a statement prmted on Page 5 of this issue, "events in the past 

~ew months have .made it obvious that continued employment 
10 the Provost Office would have been impossible." 

Provost Stewart was out of town and unavailable for 
comment. 

"I think this is a reasonable resolution of a problem between 
two individuals," .said Dale Cobb, the UCSD personnel 
manager who helped arrange the transfer. He continues, 
"Mary's reputation is untarnished, she is enthusiastic about 
her new job, and she has good opportunity for advancement. " 

The parallel to transfer to assistant registrar will involve no 

loss of pay for Miss Avery. But as preconditions to getting the 
new job, she was required to forego the grievance hearing, and 
to accept the neW'post immediately rather than on July 1 when 
her old job would have terminated. 

"I thought the sooner we resolved the uncomfortable 
situation in the Provost Office, the better it would be," said 
. Cobb. "We didn't so much want to avoid a grievance hearing as 
we wanted to resolve the difficulty in everyone's best 
interests. " 

Arrangements have been made so that Muir students needing 
Mary Avery's assistance may continue to have her counsel for 
the next few weeks at the Registrar's Office. 

triton ti 
Vo""", 13, N.mh, S University 01 California, San Diego Tues"ay, April 13, 1911 

Clayton Grass Roots 
Election Plan Would 

Elimi~ate Campaigns 
Carl Neiburger 

City Editor 
A plan to do away with election campaigns 

and candidates in favor of grass-roots voting 
has been proposed for UCSD student 
governments. 

According to Muir senior James Clayton, "My 
proposal is to have every student vote for seven 
people they know whom they feel are spiritually 
and morally qualified, in addition to having the 
administrative prowess to fulfil the duties and 
functions of the AS council. The seven people 
with the highest number of votes are the 
members of the council." The system may be 
tried experimentally for college elections. 

Clayton says "The benefit of such a system is 
that the people, instead of voting for someone 
they don't know, are voting for someone they 
know." He also claims his system will eliminate 
negative features of the present system and 
bring the AS closer to the students. 

Others disagree, however. AS presidential 
candidate Karl Keating feels the proposed 
system would result in a political spoils system. 

Tradltiont System-lOWe Tbey 
Relatlo .. ~" 

"Under the traditional electoral procedure," 
Clayton says, "we find the individual who runs 
for office has particular qualities." Included, he 
adds, are being charismatic, narcissistic, and 
condescending upon his opponent using debasing 
techniques. The result he says, is a "we-they 
relationship, a right-left type of situation." 

Clayton calls political factions, "a wrench in 
the decision-making process, when each side is 
attempting to hold the other side back." 
Because the present system is "based upon 
disunity and conflict," Clayton says, "I don't 
think that unity could ever be established as a 
result of it. 

"Nine times out of ten, " he says, candidates' 
"utmost motivational feeling is based upon 
some motivation of power." 

" It takes a certain kind of sick person to run 
for office," Clayton states. "This is why, I feel , 
we haven't witnessed any constructive change. 
The people who are in office are all a certain 
type of individual who has a certain rugged 
indiVidualistic aspect about him- the 
competitive type. " 

Clayton also notes that electors must vote for 
candidates who ha~'f' volunteered to run for 
offic . He state tnat qualified candidates 
"don 't run because they not only realize how 
negative the present system is but realize the 

responsibility the AS government holds." As a 
result " the people who are forced to accept the 
choices that are pressed upon them are right in 
displaying widespread apathy." 

In addition, Clayton says, partisanship 
"makes for a personal commitment to give 
favoritism. 

Under his new system, " many people are 
campaigning for one individual rather than 
having one individual campaign for many 
people to vote for them,," Clayton says. He 
claims there would be no politicking or 
backbiting "because nobody's running against 
anyone else." Politicians " would now have to 
become beautiful individuals in order to be 
elect¢." 

PersoDat ReiatloDships Empbasized 

The people elected, he says, "would be 
attracted to each other because they would 
readlize we've been all commonly elected by our 
friends '. The people who elected them to office 
would realize that 'I voted for my friends , and 
even if the friends that I voted for didn 't get 
instituted, the friends of my friends have been 
put into office.' 

" Every student on campus would become a 
potential candidate, not by his ability to display 
some weird form of drama or by his 
charismatic qualities, but first of all because he 
is a person," Clayton says. 

If some of the elected candidates do not wish 
to take office, he says, the runners-up will be 
named, and so on, "and then eventually it gets 
down to the sick people, and then if nobody 
wants it, I guess we could gladly give it to 
them," he states: 

Clayton concludes, " I have faith that we as 
individuals are capable of making a rational 
decision. It's about time that people stop 
thinking for other people and start thinking 
about how they would act. People taking this 
into consideration would make a rational 
discernment. " Clayton states, "The attitude of 
a nation or a state or whatever is directly 
related to the electoral procedures. If the 
people are beautiful, the nation is going to 
portray this beautiful image. " 

"Just a PersoDaiity CamtNllga" 

Candidate Keating, however, was highly 
critical of Clayton's proposal. " It would just be 
a personality campaign," he states. "The guy 
who would get up there with a plurality would be 
someone who knows a lot of people, say 200 
people, in other words, a 'personality' type of 
person." 

"The person you want," Keating says, " may 
be someone who doesn't know many people, and 
the only way he can get known is to run with a 
campaign as they have it now." Keating adds 

James Clayton 

that the new system would not be 
representative. "What if you had 100 people 
who~ names were written down by one group 
or another and the top ten were to be chosen. 
The top 10 happen to be, because of a faction 
that got together and agreed on whom they 
should write down, say, right-wing people. The 
other 90, left-wing. Under Clayton's system, the 
l(}..right-wingers would rule, but that wouldn't 
be fair because most people would have been 
voting for the left wing. 

Discussing political factions, Keating says, 
" If there are different views and viewpoints to 
an issue, they should both be brought out and the 
prevailing viewpoint should prevail, obviously." 

Keating terms the proposal , " the good old 
cheerleader routing of vast reform. It's a baa 
system. We've gotten rid of most of the spoil 
system already. If a person couldn' t pull in 50 
per cent of the votes, he shouldn't be in of!i~e.." 

KaufmaD UDsure 

Presidential candidate Paul Kaufman 
discussed the proposal , saying "I'm not sure I 
see advantages to it People are still going to 
end up campaigning because they'll have to 
make personal contacts even more so than now. 
Several people may be elected, all of whom feel 
competent and able to take one specific 
position, for example, on external affairs, but 
don't feel competent to take another position 
and aren't interested in those other positions." 

Kaufman said he sympathized with Clayton's 
views of campaigning. " It's a pain in the ass to 
do. I know very few people who like the 
publicity, the self-seeking importance, and all 
that kind of crap that comes with seeking the 
office and being in the so-called lim 'ight, 
and having your picture and article published 
in the TRITON TIME , and doing a inine 
publicity events. Unfortunately I can at 
least several logistical problem with the oth r 
sy tern." . 

Diddo Clark, another presidential candidate, 
said she was unsure how effective Clayton's 
system would be, "but I think it would be really 

good to try it out with Muir College Council 
elections." 

Possible Use OD College Level 

AS President Mike Palcic and Election 
Commissioner Jim MaGill suggested that 
Clayton ask the colleges to experiment with the 
system. Palcic explained, "for us to implement 
something like that, we're going to have to 
change the structure of A from office-oriented 
to representation oriented.'· He admitted that 
"elections in general aren't working that well. 
People aren't really taking that much interest 
in elections ... 

Palcic said he would like to see the 
commission system, that was initiated with last 
year's new AS constitution, develop. Regarding 
this year's problems he said, " One thing that 
really hasn'( happened this yeal is the 
development of commissions as such. 
Commissions were basically the commissioners 
themselves and the burdens were just too great 
for one person to carry." To make the present 
system work, he says, "it's going to take a lot of 
maturation on the part of officers." 

"We're Too Big" 

MaGill explained that he doubted whether 
Clayton's system "can work on th level of 5000 
students. On a college level it may be able to 
work. 1\ might not even be able to work th reo 
When you have a smal\er community, you can 
do something like that but I think we' re too 
big." However, he aid , " it would be an 
interesting experiment. " 

Barbara Randall of th Revel\e Committee 
on College Affairs' El ctions Committee stated, 
" I pr f r h i1"n ,r .J~ .. J\.t1',) ulIIlIilLII' 
petition applying for th office and some 
traditional form of campaignin ." H r 
count rpart at Muir, Ana Maria 0 al , said 
the matter would have to be di u sed and the 
Muir College B law ' el tion provi ion 
inspected befor a decision could be reached. 
No election are heduled for this quarter at 
Third 011 ge. 



Getting. To, From and Around U(SD 

Dr. Stern Appointed to U. of Denmark 
Dr. Herbert Stern, chairman of the Biology department at 

UCSD. has been appointed a visiting professor .at the 
University of Copenhagen. Denmark for the academic year 
beginning in September. .. 
·Stern. on sabbatical leave for the appomtment, wl~1 do 

research and some guest lecturing in the university.'s Institute 
of Genetics. The visiting professorship, regarded In academiC 
circles as a di tinction , is granted to only one foreign educator 
each year. . . 

Stern will be accompanied to Copenhagen by hiS Wife , Ruth, 
and their three children. Mrs. Stern. who holds an M.D. degree. 
is a practicing pediatrician at Kaiser-Permanen.t~. She plans to 
study pediatric techniques in Denmark as a chnlcal observer 
during their stay in the Danish capital. 

Biblical Prophesy to be Discussed 
Hal Lindsey, author of the best-seller "The Late Gre~t 

Planet Earth " will lie on campus April 15 & 16, as guest In 
residence at Revelle College. He will be discussing biblical 
prophesy, its accuracy and reliability for forelel~ing the 
future . Lindsey has become nationally well-known since the 
publication of "The Late Great Planet Earth" and is cu~rently 
working with the Jesus Christ ~ighl and ~ower Co. m ~s 
Angeles. All of those interested m diSCUSSing prophesy With 
Hal Lindsey are urged to attend a lecture and discussion at 
7:30 p.m. Thursday in the formal lounge, and the presentation 
he will be giving at noon Friday in the. ~evelle Plaza . Hal 
Lindsev is sponsored by the One-Way Coalition at UCSD. 

Grant Awarded for Developmental.Biology 
A grant of $50,700 has been made to UCSD's Biology 

Department by the National Science FoundatIOn to support a 
special program in developmental biology, Dr. Herbert Stern , 
department chairman, announced today. 

Part of the grant will underwrite wo:kshop ~onfe.rences on 
the UCSD campus involving promment bIOlogists from 
institutions throughout the United States and the world , Stern 
said. 

YACHTING 
SUMMER! 
POSITIONS 

The Amero"n V.chllng A.""c,.· 
lIOn wllh h~lIng, on Ihe £.,1 
CO .. I, We.1 COd,l. Gull Arc • • 
and Ihe Greal ldkr. " >l)lIclI,"g 
lor lummcr crew dppllCdnl,. 

PO.1I10n. are ava lldble for 
cAJl('ricnccd ., well ., Ine~perl' 
enced mdle dnd female college 

~Iudenl' and gradudlel. Experl' 
ence In cooking Jnd child Cdre 
rTldy be pdrllcul.rly helpful . 

Crewlng .!fordl one Ihe 
oppollunlly 10 earn rc.""nabl. 
wm\ while engdgod In plea",nl 
oU ldoor .cllvlly . 

To. pply Iypc d I p.ge 
re~ume follow 19 " clo\ely . , 
pcmible the form ~wn below. 
In Apr il your relume will be 
edited . pr in!d and !>Cnl 10 

dPpro~lm , · .ly 1500·2500 
(dependlng )n are.) lar,e cnfl 
ownerl. 

RESUME FORM- (I)'iwme. 
~ddrcll (I ,omc ~nd ~hool). 
phone numloet , age; (2) rflfv~nl 
work or r~c tal,onal fXj)tI' ,Cncf; 
(3) dalCI a.~il.lblc ~nd ~rea(,) ; 
(4) 2 0( rll(NC .Iullenl> w':h!nl 
10 work IOf ~lhtr, Iialf ~me of 
OIhtr Plrt if.: (5) Olhtr infO("",. 
lion. 

Smd YCUf ftsutM w\lh 16 
.. ~r~ lD: 

A_~ YldllinI A_~tiDII 
Suitt SO: • I? 10 ~ ..... 
los AnedKl C4lifornw 90069 

Y_ f_1t _ lit feuiwd 
110 t.er than Ajlril IS, 1971 . 

IS YORK A TURKEY? 
IS YORK A BIG CHEESE? 

FIND OUT AT THE COFFEE HUT 
ASK FOR A YORK SPECIAL 

REMEMBER, THIS WEDNESDAY, MOVIES 

1'8£ BIiPPY WANDERER ••• 
LUDD ........ ruIICII oa ..... 
QUlClD.Y, DIlLY UID d&&JlDili.&L'I ... 

At a Sullivan Language School. Be a . 
happy wanderer by traveling the world With 
a second language at your command. 
Get to really know the people by 
speaking their lanBUlIle. 
if:. only eomf'lWll'l sense_ 
And common courtesy. 
learn Spanish, French or 
GerI1\ll'l - 1tIp-by-1tIp. 01'1 

~ own schedule. with. priVIte 
Instructor •• t • 'ractlon the COlI 0' 
most ..... couna. Cell your 
near,,' SullIVan ~ School 
to .,. ... row fint 1iuiin FREE. 
There's no obllplion, of tourM. 
Remember, the bil .... 1 trave ...... ..,· !MI--Is tile happieSt Wlnderer' Get no 

2022 "'''''100 O(~ MO 1101'1"· _ DOIOO. '" • 
21. · ... 0 

~ SaIII ... Le· ..... IelaOO .. 
.J...i;J) tHE FI"ST UVOlUTIQNAJlY AWtitOACH TO llNtNING A KOONO lNtOUAG£. 

M tctUQl;oneI oM,1on of Iehr.1or" ... .,eh lIIborMor~ Inc. 

Page 2 Triton T imes Tuesday, Apri 113, 1971 

photos by Matt Hinton 

APPLICATIONS ARE AVAILABLE 
IN THE TRITON TIMES OFFICE 

IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN 
WORKING ON THE TRITON TIMES 

DROP IN TO THE OFFICE 
IN BLAKE HALL AND FILL 

OUT AN APPLICATION. 

POSITIONS AlE A'AILAILE IN All 
AIEAS OF JOURNALISM 

1La Jolla 
&4nrrs 
aarktt 

.ai. AftIddI DE LA PLAYA 
........ ,. 

',.C.".I, 
', ••• CI, 
••• tl, 

", •• & I •• , 

-

Old Boiler House to be Drama Theater 
An old Marine Corps boiler house used in recent years as 

office space is about to play an important part in the 
productions of the Drama Department at the University of 
California , San Diego. 

The little square bUilding, located on the Ma tthews Campus 
just off Gilman Drive, will be attached to a larger two-story 
theater building on which construction is scheduled to begin 
around the middle of April. When the thea ter building is 
complete, the boiler house will begin a new career as office 
space for the Drama Department. a public ticket booth serving 
the theater , and dressing and storage rooms for the actors. 

In its first life, the building's boilers provided the hot water 
needed to scrub millions of potatoes and thousands of pots for 
marines in the nearby Camp Matthews mess hall . The mess 
hall now serves UCSD as a bookstore and lecture hall. For the 
past five years the little building has housed the office of 
UCSD 's chief al chitect. 

The 3,SOO-square-Coot theater building, to be built 
immediately south of the boiler house, will for the most part, 
be an empty two-story box. The only construction on the 
interior will be a cat walk on three of the four walls for lighting 
and staging needs. In addition, a rehearsal room and additional 
storage space and dressing rooms_ will be built, making use of 

SCHEDULED 
AIRLINE 

A 

EUROPE 
~hlrllP 

JIiI~11 $229 ROUNDTRIP 
BOEING 707 

STUDENTS 'STAFF 'FACULTY 
-------------Phone 755.6253 
•• " ... :Brent Baker ... 
.DD •• • • 1605 For"tWay .. . 
(In •• ••• ••• DeIMar ....... · 

(exC.pl Sal Eve) 

SHEEP ON 
THE RUNWAY 

Funn y man Art 
Buchwald 's comedy ca per 
of American inlervenl.on 
ooereeu ... bumblin g 
bureau era ," become e n-
tangled in Asian connict . . 
$UOI'_ ...... """"'''' .. -., 
.1.001 ..... 100.-.' 
.2.001 .... -...,.. "."a Mooy1, $I.so , ... .... Col . • __ MI. 

••• IIt ...... 

olb glo~ 
t~atrt 

THIS SATURDAY NIGHT 
THE 
PERSECUTION 
AND 
ASSASSINATION 
OF 
JEAN·PAUL MARAT 
AS 
PERFORMED 
BY 
THE 
INMATES 
OF 
THE ASYLUM OF CHARENTON 
UNDER 
THE 
DIRECTION 
OF 
THE 
MARQUIS 
de SADE 

USI2722 7:30/10:30 
TICIETS AVAILAIU AT UREY H~LL . 

AID AT THE DOOR 

existing concrete "test" walls that were poured several years 
ago by the campus Office of Architects and Engineers. 

The theater will have seating for about 200 persons and have 
a configuration completely adaptable to the needs and whims 
of the performers. Plywood risers will be used both to establish 
the stage area and to provide comfortable viewing for the 
audience. Through the use of the risers, any number of stage 
designs can be set, including the conventional proscenium 
stage, a thrust stage with the audience on three sides, or a 
circle stage with the audience on all sides. 

The theater-drama complex will be built by Howard Weaver 
Construction of Vista at a total project cost of $78,000, or 
approximately $10 per square Coot. More than 80 per cent of the 
funding for construction has been provided through Regents ' 
Opportunity Funds. money that has been given to the 
University by alumni and others, for special projects such as 
this. 

Construction will be of wood frame with stucco and wood 
siding, in keeping with much of the Matthews Campus 
architectural style. Ample parking for theater audiences is 
already available in lots used during the day by the School of 
Medicine and the UCSD Business Offices. The complex was 
designed by William Close. 

SDT 
550 AM 

PRESENTS 

PUBLIC AFFAIRS 
• SPE(IAL EVENTS 
• INTERVIEWS 
• BOOK REVIEWS 
• MUSI( REVI EWS 
• PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENTS 
• TAPED MATERIAL 

TUESDAY & THUISDA Y 
6:00·9:00 PM 

DO YOU HAVE 
SOMETHING TO SELL? 
JEWELRY, LEATHER, RUGS 

ETC. 
SELL IT AT 

THE RITES-Of-SPRING 
RENNAISSANCE 
(ONTACT TOM 755-

7267 
REMEMBER THE (OAST CRUISER 

ONTACT EDNA FOR INFORMATION 
REMEMBER THE ROLLER SKATING 

PARTY 
CONTACT EDNA FOR INFORMATION 

Nine Faculty Here Receive 
Guggenheim Fellowships 

Nine faculty members and 
one professor in residence at 
UCSD have been awarded 
Guggenheim Fellowships for 
1971 , it was announced 
yesterday by the John Simon 
Guggenheim Memorial 
·Foundation . 

The UCSD winners are 
among 354 scholars, scientists 
and artists chosen by the 
Committee of Selection from 
among 2,363 applicants in the 
Foundation's 47th annual 
competition. The Fellowships 
were granted on the basis d 
demonstrated accomplishment 
in the past and strong promise 
for the future. 

The total Fellowship awards 
amounted to $3,787,000, an 
increase of $1,182,000 over last 
year's total. The increase was 
made possible by addi tiona I 
capital received after the death 
of Olga Hirsch Guggenheim, 
widow of Senator Simon 
Guggenheim. 

The winners at UCSD 
represent the Departments of 
Literature , Chemistry , 
Mathematics , Psychology, 
Physics. and Aerospace and 
Mechanical Engineering 
Sciences. 

Those receiving awards at 
UCSD, their departments , and 
their fields ' of study are : Dr. 
Jaime Alazraki , Associate 
Profe ssor of Spanish 
Literature: A stu dy of 

(Continued on page 8, 

Summer Chemistry 
Course Considered 

UCSD students interested in 
having courses in Organic 
Chemistry provided in the 1971 
Summer Session are requested 
to attend a meeting 
Wednesday, April 14, at noon in 
the Office oC the Summer 
Session-4218 Urey Hall . The 
purpose of the meeting will be 
to explore jointly with faculty 
members of the Chemistry 
Department the feasibility of 
offering Organic Chemistry. 

Although curricular offerings 
in Organic Chemistry were not 
originally included in the 1971 
Summer Session program, the 
Office has received numerous 
inquiries concerning such a 
course, and it may be provided 
if the actual number of 
students who would benefit 
from it can be determined. 

FREE! 
* 

FREE! 

Decorate Your Wheels I 

WI 
A VALUABLE 

SYLVANIA STEREO CONSOLE 
FOR YOURSELF, YOUR SORORITY 

OR FRATERNITY! 

* 
S88 a Sound Freak 
lor EnlrY Blanks 

al 
,.Soundeky 
Contest begins April 15 - ends May 16 

* G))o!,,~!!~,~ 
FASHION VALLEY EAST. !,AN DIEGO 

PHONE: 291-559.; 
3686 EL CAJON BOULEVARD. SAN DIEGO 

PHONE : 283-2325 

Other store loca/lons are . 
Pasadena. Goleta 

.and OJtnard 

Tuesday, April 13, 1971 Triton Times Page 3 



The opinion ••• pr .... d on lhe .. page' art lho .. 01 the ou/ho" whose no",., appear in Ih. byline, and do nol nee.,· 
.orily ,.110<1 Ih. 'lie .... 01 Ihe TRITON TIMES. Anyon. desiril'!110 wbma maltfial 10 be publi.hed on I ..... pag ... hould 
send ilIa Ihe Ediloriol Oiro<lor, TRITON TIMES, 117 Blak. Hall, UCSO. 

Make The Muir Catalogue Real 
Richard T. L. Chan 

This article is a continuation of what I had 
started to say during the April 6th, Muir 
faculty meeting. First I would like to point out 
that I am one of those who chose UCSD over 
other chools principally because of what I read 
in the catalogue (PP, 45 " I had to, with deep 
regret, say that the conceptualized Muir College 
which I had is now completely shattered. 

I want to Implement new ideas which should 
be offered by a new developing school but the 
two most influential groups : First the Muir 
College C~uncil which allegedly represents us 
students of John Muir College and which 
consists of students whose awareness and 
knowledge about American college students ' 
frustrations and discontent are so adequate 
(because they had been in college for three or 
four years) that they deem it unnecessary and 
worthless for them to read the Scranton Report ; 
and second, the Provost who throws an 
intellectual party every Thursday where 
students who wish to go through an oral-
diarrhea can attend, have become a symbol of 
bureacracy, inhumanism and one-sidedness that 
it is revoltin2 for me to try to talk with them. 

The other thing WhICh has haunted me for 
quite sometime now has to do with the content 
of the catalogue, p, 45 : John Muir College. The 
description of the character of John Muir 
College is one of the most misleading pieces of 
information ever written. It gives a picture of 
the college full of intellectual stimulations, 
recognition of individual achievement and of 
high educational objectives so that it's a shock 
for the students to find out the fa ntastic contrast 
between the college of the catalogue and the 
real college, 

Strong claims and reasons were given for the 

triton 

requirements (I have no objection to 
requirements, per se, but we have to ask are the 
requirements contradicting the ideals of the 
college,. But the claims and reasons for the 
requirements have great connections with the 
implementation of the requirement. If the 
implementation is poorly designed then no 
matter how sound the reasons for tbe 
requirement, it 's not a good requirement. 

Finally, I would like to say it's time for all of 
us who make Muir the way it is, to stop fooling 
ourselves and soothe our frustrated feelings 
with the hope that " Everything is going to be 
alright" and to shake loose this apathy that is 
rapidly invading our lives. It 's time for the 
teachers to make an effort to get to know their 
students, especially the freshmen and 
sophomores , and to understand their 
apprehensions and other feelings about Muir 
and what they consider as urgent 
changes-changes which will make Muir 
College more receptive to the students' needs 
rather than molding the students to fit into the 
present program, We should start working for a 
college-the college in the catalogue, We should 
either live up to some of the things that planners 
of the college had stated beautifully in the 
catalogue or else the section on John Muir 
College in the catalogue should be completely 
rewritten so as to avoid blatant hypocrisy , I 
have seen great casualness prevail in faculty 
members and worst of all apathy when they 
discuss "our" requirements. They made their 
decisions with inadequa te information and often 
times in a rather rash manner (those who 
support say "Aye" , . But I urge all of you to 
make an effort to talk with the students. As 
Professor Gusfield said "We need our Werner 
Spring now!" 

tiITles 
News Depl 
Ed Boyle 

Edilor-in-Chief , . Ua\ "ood Gammon Ro .. OeCo,'a 

Contributor, 
J,m Sill, 

Pholography 
Jan Fronek 
Adv .. ti.ing 
Deparlmenl 
Mor" T ,ill,nQ 
SUiOn Code, 
Molly S.lvin 

GI)' Edilor . .. . ... : Ca rl '\ ci IlItrl(cr ~:,~~~:~~~ 
Managing Edilor .. , , , , ~lil..c I\la~ cr RoberlMilier 
"OPl' L'd,'lor Child, C raham OebbieMonlgomery 
'- : '" . . . . . . . , ' .. frank Phill ip. 
Huslnl'ss Manajl;l·r . . .. , .. J err .. rlerl Cliff Po,' 
Editorial Dirl'ctor .. Huoill Contrcra, Mark Siegel 
A . (" F d' () J Barba ro Simon ssorlaU' ,lly . Itnr . .. " ell ?~ n~' r John Zoller 

\Iull~ Scl"l1 
ArlS Edilor ......... Tcrr~ lIara!.. ""is" 

Sorah McKenno 
Spew-ts EJitnr ....... 1{0,·L.\ lIulfon "lion Sekula 
"h .. tograph~ Edilor .... Matt Hinton George Saloni 

Arts Department 
Tom Beer 
Joy Gille"e 
lorry Johnwn 
Sorgun Tont 
Ken Borne, Secrelarial SlaH 
Corrie Rickey Steve Cohen 

Sheila Calhoun A,,'I Managing Ed. COl 
Joe EOiter" opy epar ment 
Co my Sh~rick Debbie Monlgomery 

Glono Schroe'er 
Produclion 
Dove Buchbinder 

Sport. Wril., 
Mike Rolh 

Tho TalTON TIMES i, off,cially recognired and ,upporled 0' a "udenl "ew'pope' by rho Communicolion. Boord 
of Ihe Univ.rsity 01 Col,lornia, San ~iego , Building 250, MOffhew. Campu,. lo Jolla, Calilorn,o 92037. Publicalion 
.. Iwin weekly on Tu.,doy. and fr iday •. OfflC .. are loco led in room 117, Blok. HolI, on Ihe Revelle Campu •. for 
Advert ili ng phone 4 53 · 2000, Xl 017 ; for ed itor ial or news phone Xl016. 

L1TAity 
SAIGON 

" 111111 1111 11111 -._ t\ 
Page 4 Triton Times Tuesday, April 13, 1971 

Rally on Reagan's Budget Wednesday 
Jim Stronski 

Wednesday, the Associated Students, the 
American Federation of State, County and 
Municipal Employees and the American 
Federation of Teachers will sponsor a noon rally 
on Revelle Plaza to discuss Governor Reagan's 
proposed budget for the University, its probable 
effects on the University and ways in which 
those effects might be alleviated. 

raises for faculty members. Next year neither 
the faculty nor staff will get raises. Also no 
provision has been made for funding the 
promised increase in the University's 
contribution to group health insurance. Even 
support for organized research, long a source of 
overhead for the University, would be cut by $3 
million, threatening the jobs of 200 scientific 
and technical personnel. This is just an 
abbreviated list. Nearly every department, 
group and office will suffer reductions. 

Acting-chancellor Herb York and 
representatives from the AFSCME, AFT and 
other campus groups will outline the effects of 
the proposed budget on the various segments of 
the campus community and describe plans for 
influencing the State Legislature in its 
upcoming vote. 

If the Legislature approves the Reagan 
Budget the affects on the University could be 
devastating. In addition to the immediate 
reduction in the quality of education, the 
long-range effects should also be considered. 
Faculty and staff will leave for better positions 
elsewhere, present facilities will deteriorate 
and become overcrowded. Sooner or later a 
decision will have to be made to spend vast 
sums of money to rebuild the University or let it 
drop to a second rate institution. 

After four years of 'bare bones' budgets 
Governor Reagan has presented the worst 
budget yet. It calls for an allocation of ,337 
miJJion for 1971-72, the same amount allocated 
for this year. It does not, however, take into 
account the increase in student enrollment or 
the 6 percent inflation of the past year . If 
passed, the proposed budget would require the 
University to provide facilities for more 
students with less real money. One hundred 
FTE [acuity positions would be lost, raising the 
student-faculty ratio from 16.5 to 17,4 at a time 
when it was hoped to put more emphasis on 
undergraduate education. New buildings, even 
designs for new buildings would be halted for 
another year. 

This choice can be avoided if the Legislature 
can be convinced that a larger UC budget is 
required. The budget will not come to a vote 
until June. Already some increases have been 
proposed, but more pressure will be required to 
get anything approaching an adequate amount 
of funding . 

This is a matter of grave importance. It is 
hoped that all members of the University, 
students, faculty and staff will attend 
Wednesday 's rally . 

Repairs and renovations would be put off 
further reducing usable classroom space and 
facilities . This year there were no cost-of-living 

Opin ion 

Diddo and Paul: Where Are You? 

A modicum of thought will 
reveal that we ha ve. right here 
at lowll' UCSD, an 
Establishment of our ven' own . 
I Definition : an Establishment 
consists 01 those individuals in 
seats of po\\'er and influence 
who respond to stimuli in 
certain predictable wa ,\·s. I To 
be sure. the local 
Establishment is vastly 
different from t~e national one. 
but it does have something in 
common with its big broth r : 
its members con trol the 
government and related 
institutions. 

The Pi illlary task of the 
UCSD Establi hment is to 
ensure self- perpeluation. 
Compared witn this goal. all 
others are inconsequential. 
Since the local Establishment 
co ntrol s th e student 
government. it perpetuates 
itseit by getting its members 
elected or re-elected to oflke. 
A nd the prime target is , of 
course. the pre id en<:~' of the 
AS. 

The Establishment at UCSD 
has for several I'ears run an 
elficient politicai mathine of 
which even TammaDl' Hall or 
Richard Da ley would 'be proud. 
Just consider the Great 
Establishment DI·r.a st I' : First 
Tom Shepa rd assunied the 
throne. with Jefl Benjamin as 
his trustl' aide, \\'ith the 
demise oi' Shepard. Benjamin 
became undisputed sovereign. 
with :\1ike Palcic as hi s 
left-hand man. Receil'ing the 
royill nod . Palcic then accepted 
the crown. The next slep would 
logically be lor a protege of 
Palcic to be heir apparent. 

But here the line or 
uccession become blurred . 

lor no obvious hei r eXI ts . 
Sel'eral individuals seem to be 
maneuI'enng lor control. the 
m I nota ble beID2 Dlddo Clark 
and Paul Kaulman BOlh ar . 
accord ing to t:stabll hm nt 
tandards. qualtlled to tOnllllue 

th Dl'na tl , lor b th have 
laithlu'n~' s ' rvcd th poltll{'al 
macillne. 

01 th two. Dlddo lark is the 
real polItiCian .\ot II i hing to 

Karl Keating 

be publicl~' associated with the 
unpopular AS Council I he has 
occasionallv voted as a 
member 0 1 that bod I' I. she has 
attempted to project the sweet. 
apolitical cheerleader image. 
Her proposals range from the 
usual nebulous ca lls for more 
" involvement" to the concrete 
demand for- what else:-more 

bic~'cle ramps. She has gone 
out of her wa~' to publicize 
her elf. She has had friends 
write letters- to- the- editor 
which tried to boost her 
candida c~' : she has sponsored 
an a rt show I her own works. of 
course I . And she even allowed 
her little gremlins to tack up 
"Diddo for President" posters 
a full week before such 
campaigning was permitted b~' 
the election commis ioner. 
Indeed . nothing will stop her 
from becoming a star. 

Paul Kaufman i dilferent. 
for he has chosen to run on his 
record as Commissioner of 
External Affairs , As a 
councilman. he consistently 
voted the Establishment wal:: 
against each resolution that the 
students appro.ved in the recent 
referendums. for example. He 

publicl~' acknowledges to b 
content with the current 
regime. a not altogether wise 
disclosure. 

As the anti- Establishment 
candidate . I propose . in 
contrasl to my opponents. 
reforms : I 11 The $4050 now 
given to the Cou ncil as salaries 
should be used to provide more 
dances. concerts. and lectures. 
I l) The A fees hould be made 
voluntar\,. for no student 
should be compelled to pay 
taxes to a student government 
tha t he considers to be wasteful 
and inept. 131 The UCSD 
government should be 
decentralized b~' giving the 
colleges the bulk of the AS 
funds on a 
proportional- to- population 
basis. ( 4 ) Frequent referenda 
should be used so that students 
can express their own opinions 

publicl~', rather than having a 
small group of eleven people 
I the Countill doing this lor 
them . 

M~' opponents would prefer 
to run a per onality campaign: 
I prefer an issues- oriented 
campaign . I thu s again 
challenge both Diddo Cla rk and 
Paul Kaufman ' to publicly 
debate. at a time convenient to 
most students. the issues 
concerning AS. If Diddo and 
Paul consider themselves lit 
for oflice. then thev have no 
choice but to accept my 
challenge, 

Got S~mething To Say? 
,.. editorial pa,eI of tile TRITON TIM~ are opel to 

tile eltire Ullvenlty commllity. H yea feel tile paper II 
teo IBleral or t.o coa_"ltlve, wily 101 llelp to try ud 
cUllle It I dlrectioll, H ,01 feel cerlala IsAes or 
viewpolatl uve beel tcaored or ~mpulized wll, lOt 
express tllem ,OInelf, ,.. TRITON TIMES seeks 
artlclel expreill., lile vlewl of ladlvidull ud 
cqaDizatloll, stadelll aad faCtilly, aad admlalltralloD 
aDd coaceraed cllizeli. II Y. feel YOIr writ", abUlty I, 
equal to lOme of OIr collmilitl lile opportility to 
coalrl\Mjle 01 a replar balll II allO opel, All poleilial 
coIlmlilil sIIoalcl coalact tile editorial director; 
_Ivkl.al articles of opiliol ..... kI be _It or delivered 
to tile lime. How well we refleci tile Ullvenily callie 
delermlaed OIIly *-III feedback from OIr reMerl, 
Y 01 cal aad ....... crlliclae or comlDHd a.y part of tile 
paper IU'OIll1letler.to-lIIHdltor, 

Statement 

A very Explains 
New Commitment 

TIle Registrar's responsibilities affect students in numerous 
untold ways. One of my responsibili~s will be to help find the 
means for making the ways responsive to' ;stUdents' needs. 
Since the primary source of frustration for many students at 
any university can be the "system" (the IBM system, the 
paper work system and/or red tape in general) , I look forward 
to the challenge of trying to make the "system" as human as 
possible. 

During the past week I accepted a position as an assistant 
registrar at UCSD working under Harold Temmer, registrar, 
and Ron Bowker, associate registrar. The decision on my part 
has prompted questions from numerous people on campus 
which in turn has prompted me to write this statement. 

I will continue to serve students at UCSD in whatever 
capacity I can, through my new position in the Registrar's 
Office, 

Let me state at the outset that I have long had a great deal of 
respect for Harold Temmer and Ron Bowker and have found 
them to be men with substantial administrative abilities, as 
well as men w.ith real human concerns. The fact that they 
expressed a deSIre to have me on their staff the day they heard 
of my tennination in the Provost's Office was an important one 
which helped me to make my decision. 

While my main commitment has been to serve Muir College 
students and my first choice would be to continue -to serve 
them in the Provost's Office, events during the past few 
months have made it obvious that continued employment in the 
Provost's Office would have been impossible , 

Understandably many people have asked me why I have 
elected to accept this job and not proceed with the grievance 
hearing scheduled for April 13. The University's willingness to 
offer me this position as a parallel transfer before the date of 
the scheduled hearing, I feel, reflects their belief that the 
outcome of the hearing would have been in my favor. 

THE ME LLOW 
YELLOW 

UNDERWATER 
SUBMERSIBLE 

IS 
COMING 

FRIDAY NIGHT 
THE GYM 
TICKETS 

Mary C. Avery 

One of my main purposes in seeking a hearing was to 
demonstrate that those faculty , staff and students with whom I 
have worked had confidence in me and in my ability to serve 
Muir College effectively. I now feel that that objective has 
been achieved by the numerous expressions of positive support 
which have come from all quarters, and especially from the 
large number of people who expressed a desire to testify in my 
bebalf. 

UREY HA LL BOX OFFICE 
Therefore, I could see no purpose in carrying out the hearing 

except to clarify some of the issues and address some of the 
problems. While they must be faced , they would better be 
heard in a manner different from a hearing. I remain deeply 
concerned about the students' need for adequate personal 
academic counseling, but to proceed with the hearing would 
not necessarily have accomplished that purpose. 

IF STEREO SYSTEMS BE THE FOOD OF LOVE - PLAY ON ... 

SEE DOW SOUND CITY'S SOUND FREAKS, 
WHO GIVE YOU HIGH QUALITY 

AND LOW PRICES 

THE SYSTEM 400 
, . , with a sensational Nikko 701 B - a 9O-watt FM-AM-Multiplex receiver with circuit-
breaker protection, driving a pair of the amazing DSC " sp~kers, each of which 
houses a· 12" diameter bass speaker, a 6" diameter midrange speaker, and a 3" 
diameter super tweeter in hand-rubbed walnut cases. To complete the sys em, 
the Sound Freaks added a BSR 310X automatic changer - a top-rated performer-
with base and dust cover. Once you listen to this marvel, and compare it to any-
thing close in price . , . you 'll grab it! 

Retan price $577.95 
Dow Sound City price 399.00 

You •• ve 178.95 
FREE I $20.00 I tereo •• rphonel with any purcha .. of $70,00 or more .nd this ad I 

Easy Terms - Trade-Ins Accepted - lhe Sound Freaks Honor Master Charge, BankAmericard and Money. 
WIN A SYLVANIA STEREO CONSOLE! GET FREE ENTRY BLANKS 

AT 1J~.,,~-~ .. ~!!~,~ ._~~ ~ ~ • .... FASHION VALLEY EAST, SAN DIEGO ....,aI. ~ l Ie PHONE : 291 -5595 1 1\11 • 3686 EL CAJON BOULEVARD, SAN DIEGO • iJ, .." PHONE : 283-2325 ~~ 
Other store locations are: Pasadena , Goleta and Ollnard 

"Those dirty Red Chinese wouldn't 
DARE send troops into Indochina! 

Don't they know that's IMPERIAliSM?!" 

• 

2 
0, 
~f 
01 
~ 

At UC San Diego, 
IlSAlnakes 
aids meet 

151 timrs a day. 

That's how many times PSA connects San Dleoo with Los An. 
geles, Hollywood-Burbank, Onlario, Long Beach , Oakland, San 
FranCisco, Sacramento, and San Jose. Witl1 lowest air fares. 
Meet your campus rep halfway. Or your travel agent. Or PSA. 

PSAgIws J'DU a 11ft. 

Tuesday, April 13, 1971 Triton Times Page 5 



Drama Review 

'One Flew Over 
the Cuckoo's Nest' 

Larry Johnson 
Arts Writer 

Some of us already suspect that we are inmates in what is reall y a big 
nut-hatch. where the officer in charge is the biggest nut of all. Whether or not 
this metaphor is accurate. this is the situation which literally prevails in "One 
Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest". now playing at the MissIOn Playhouse in Old 
Town. 

Robert Larsen plays R.P. McMurphy. a diamond-in-the-rough sort of a 
colorful background who gets himself committed to avoid the prison farm . His 
breezy ways create quite a stir. breaking up the asylum 's routine and bringing the 
inmates a breath of fresh air. Larsen does a fine job. bringing out not merely the 
humor and brashness of the character. but also developing the character's 
essential humanit I'. 

The institution i's run despotically by :\urse Ratched t Gertrude Waggaman I . an 
up-tight old maid who evidently has a considerable number of neuroses of her 
own. She engineers things not for the patients' benefit. but to gratify her own lust 
for p ycholol!ical DOWel' - thoul!h it takes the audience a. while to realize this. 
Miss Waggaman projected this character with a low-ke~'ed intensit~· that was 
ven' effectil'e. One sensed :\urse Ratched 's inner insanit\' and at the same time 
hated her down to the souls of her shoes. This shows a wide range of acting 
abilit~·. for Miss Waggaman has been ver~' s~'mpathetic in other roles. 

The entir'!! cast was at least adequate. Specia l honors to Gar~' Bernard as the 
head inmate. and to Ritchie Madison. the inmate with the sexual inhibitions. 
:'\urse Ra tehed does her I'aliant best to encourage those inh ibitions and. in 
general. to keep ever~'one toeing the neurotic line. McMurphy smuggles his 
whore-with -a - heart-of-gold girl friend I well pla~'ed by Elaine Rinner 1 into 
the asylum. and she just about has Billy cured when Ratched fouls things up . A 
moral to the ston' seems to be that when victimized bl' a malevolent sl'stem one 
must rebel. si1cej'eh' and whole heartedl\' . Som make it. and some don·t. 

The mutua l a tagonists of the drama ai'e McMurphy and :\urse Ratched . but 
the spiri tual . 0 us is an Indian inmate who went to the aSI'lum because sorietl' 
had no plal'e fur him. It is with respect to him that the 'deeper questions are 
ultimately gi"en reference. and it is on him that the pla~" s resolution is centered. 
In some wa\' , the actor. James Southers. was a lillie stiff. but he was able to 
project the clJlr3cter both S\'lnpatheticall~' and beliel'abl~·. 

Dire tor Elly Ie Pirazzill t. ,,~ usual. get thp mo t Ola oj hertroupeof actors and 
her tiny theoter. The lighting effects were particularl~' Imaginatil'e and well 
done 

If ~'ou don', hke the establishment and /or .IOU do like good drama. I would 
recommend it hi!!hl.I·. It's a worthwhile play. and well treated. Weekends at the 
Mi SSIOn Pla~'ho se. Old Town . It ·s one of their better efforts. 

Page 6 ' Triton Times Tuesday, April 13, 1971 

Dope, Food and Song. • • 
David Buchbind.r 

Arts Write, 
Our tour of an ever~'day occurrence on aturday 

night in the Mucous dorms begins rather 
haphazardl y at the ground level of one dorm or 
another. This state of being ceases to exist as soon 
as the elevator decides that it is going to function . 
We step in ide barely managing to retain some ot 
our limbs upon our torsos and choose as our final 
destination the eighth floor . With a click and a 
whirr we leave our tomachs tar below. 

The eighth floor 01 this one dorm is an interior 
decorator's nightmare. Brown-painted concrete 
blocks fe toon the walls in an amazing displa~' of 
the h~'pnot ic effects of intersecting horizontal and 
verti ca l lines. Mud-colored carpets dazzle forth in 
a remarkable exhibition of the population's 
feelings towards the cateteria pablum. 

We arrive at the door to our uite onl,· to notice 
that the door is shut. and that a slighti,I' pungent 
odor is emanating from within. The ti'agrance 
reaches our nostrils. causing our olfactory nerves 
to translate the smell into the tangible aroma of 
burning rope : we begin to salivate heartily in the 
finest Pavlovian tradition. Our lust increases as 
our bodies become entangled as il we were kite 
string wrapped around a telephone pole. We 
untangle ourselves and exclaim greedily. "Save 
some for us~ " 

A rather stringy looking 'fellow with rather 
stringy looking hair and string~' looking eyes 
appears m~'steriou sly in one of the portals. Over 
the sounds of the Fugs singing ' 1 Feel Horn.v·. he 
informs us that there is plenty for all and . "Get off 
the goddamn f1oor~" 

We enter the room and through the dense layer of 
smoke we spy what seems to be three or four other 
specimens. One of them is sitting t slouching 1 on 
the bed staring blindly out into space mumbling. 
"Gimme anuther toke." A cigarette-like object 
finds its \l'a~' into his hands and he proceeds to suck 
on it like a newborn's teething ring. " Pfuhhhhh ~." 
he intellectualizes as the smoke leaves hi lungs 20 
seconds later. 

The other three occupants are sitting on the floor 

in a circle. discussing the possibility of lighting up 
another. We take our place on the floor and add our 
opinions to the debate. It is the same as everyone 
else·s. 

Within an hour our mind s have becollle totally 
devo id of lunctionality while our nerves perceive 

ever~' movement of our body with the grace of a 
hort-circu ited electrQcncephalograph, 
.. Pfuhhhhh !." exclaims the mentor on the bed. 
" Pfuhhhhhh ~." we repl~' with total 

comprehension. 
Suddenl~' we come to the_discovery that we have 

absorbed into our bodies no les than eight of the 
oddl~'-shaped cigarettes . and two pipefuls of a 
Hershey- ba r like ubstance. From this. we 
conclude that we are now officia lly "stoned." 

" Do you feel it~ Do ~'ou fee l it? " quenes one of 
our party over and over again like a broken record . 

.. Phee l Wut?· mumbles Mr. Pfuhhh 
interroga ti vely as his e~'es begin to blink 

stroboscopicall~·. 
"Don 't you feel it?" repeats the record voice. " I 

do." 
As is usual wi th parties ot' this nature. there is a 

musician in the crowd. He decides to serenade us 
with the sounds of his electric guitar backed up by 
Jethro Tull . After two songs. the quite subdued 
guitarist tires of hi s port. He drops his guitar . 
smiles carnivorouslv. raises hi s arms above his 
head . and screams' out euphorically. " Far-out. 

man ~ I am reall~' goodn ' stoned ~ Let's get some 
munchies! " 

Twenty minutes later we find the elevator. We 
leave our stomachs far abol'e us as the elevator 
cascades violently towards the ground level. We 
exeunt from the fabled elevator and set a course 
for the Munchie-ma chines. 

Alter scrutinizing the remains of the loodstuffs 
in the machines. we settle for a three-dav old 
fresh bologna and cheese sandwich and some soupy 
Eskimo Pies . Our stomachs satisfied. we stumble 
back to ou room I setting a new record at 12 
minutes l. plop ourselves down into beds and 
!Ieeping bags and mumble audibly . "Can' t wait 
until next week ." 

Or, The Fall of the 
Roman 'Empire Revisited. • • 

Jim Sills 
Staff W,i fer 

It generally escapes notice. but entertainment is 
a vital and significant part of life. Not just modern 
life . you understand : the forms of entertainment 
have always been a dependable guide to 
understanding the culture which produced them. In 
its ea rlier days. Rome amused itself by 
participating in true athletic endeavorS. or by 
large-scale drama festival s. As decadence began 
to appear . the masses' tastes turned to gladiators. 
orgies. lions vs. Christians. and so on. The 
gra ndsons and granddaughters of sturd~' English 
yeomen spent evenings ruining their heal th in gin 
mills. the better to forget the unexampled strains 
of factor~' life . 

The point of a\l this. as you've no doubt guessed. 
is that the styles of entertainment 1 particularly 
youth entertainment 1 have changed notably in the 
past t'ew years in this countr~'. What can we learn 
about the spirit o( our age by observing the 
philosophic bases of these changes? 

Well. first things first of course: the changes. An 
eas~' comparison is that between a 1930's dance 
part~· and a contemporar~' di scotheque. 
Presumably. the two served the same purpose. to 
entertain the participants. This much we can 

sa fel~' sa~': the important differences li e in the way 
the,' were enterta ined. 

The '30's dance was thought of as a sodal 
function . one went to meet new people and relax 

rather than hea rd . in one's chest and bones. There 
are usually very few . if any. constant lights : 
instead the darkness is shattered. and the eye 
stunned. b.l· hard. ha rsh. bullets of light : fired from 
a strobe at mini-second intervals . The music . or 
more properly The Sound. is almost 
three-dimensional in its intensity. so loud that you 
cannot hear . or even think of hearing. Your arms. 
legs. and the all important balance are 
unrestrained and writhing. Isolated by sound. light. 
motion. and the 'non-contact'_ style of dance. you 
are unable to commu nicate with friends t if you 
could see them I. much less your partner. The 
Sound so great you cannot hear . the light so bright 
you can not see. your bod~' agitated by frantic 
energy. Despite all effort. ~'ou can't think. only 
feel. only experience. 

And that is the difference. The discotheque is an 
anti-rational atmosphere in which the participants 
may escape the pressures of conceptual thought. 
One need not think about coordinating music and 
movement. or your partner. or friends . At second 
glance. thi s is not so surprising: especially on thi s 
campus. Most of us devoted our teenage years. at 
least in I a substantial I pa rt. to the struggle to 
learn. to enter college. ~eedless to say. the burden 
of new things to be learned is greatly increased 
here. The freshman or sophomore recuperating 
from the almost narcotic letdown or release as he 
walks away from his last final. or the third 
mid-term that week. is tired of thinking and 
concentration. :\ew wor ries about forthcomin~ 

"The music is not a melody or rhythm but rather a force. a wall 
of sound felt. rather than heard . .. " 

with Iriends. The dancing itse lf required more than 
a passing acquaintance with technique. some 
knowledge and skill in executing steps. One had to 
closely follow the tempo of the music in order to 

properl~' execute. if for no other reason than to 
avoid stomping on your date . Lights were generalil' 
dim. a~d constant. The music was audible but not 
deafening. Your arm were occu pied with your 
partner. ~'our feet with the dance. the balance did 
not move. 

The discotheque (Or the similar atmosphere at 
most dances no\\' I is thOught of as an 'exp rience: 
(nde d. the word 'em'ironment' used to describe 
the di cotheque climat I ' quite appropriate . 
striking just the right note of total inl'olvement . 
The dance it ell' r quires little knowledge . 
ub tilUting enthusiasm and a lierce energ~·. for 

technique. one need onl\' take th most cursorv 
notice 01 th music ' tempo. not that it is intended 
that \'ou hould . The mu ic is not a melod\' or 

rh~ th~'m but rather a lorce. a wall. of ound. ·Iell. 

exams. what the draft board will decide. how 
parents will act at home next vacation. and a 
hundred other little concerns burden the student. 
Thu . the otherwise incomprehensible 
'e ntertai nm e nt' of the discotheque is 
understandable as a welcome release from the 
pre sures and pain 01 conceptual thought. It' s 
elaborate constructions are merel\' a device to blot 
out the heavy burden of reflection , The world . it 
would seem. is too much with us and . indeed. too 
much for the student. 

The author is of the view that drug serve much 
the same purpo e. I would like to close by saying 
that I make no appeal to ps~·cholog.v to verify what 
I have a erted . I HA \,E :\0 TRAI:\I:'\G IN THE 
DIS IPLI\E. A:\D I-L<\ LL :\OT I:\D{;LGE (:'\ 
WHAT Charles Shultz 's character Charl ie Brown 
ca l! ' " little league ps~·chiatr~·." Rather. I think a\l 
the main point · can be logica lly deduced from the 
dillerences in the dance 'ent 'rtainment' Then and 
:;011'. 

U(SD Romps Post IJSIU 
Rocky Hallan 
Sports Editor 

" We're going to Texas to win." These were 
the optimistic words of volleyball coach Chuck 
Milenbaugh. after his team had captured the 
NAIA Regionals. assuring themselves of a trip 
to Texas for the finals. 

Admittedly disappointed at the poor turn out 
(only USIU showed up ); La Verne. Pomona 
Whittier et al did not). Milenbaugh pointed oui 
that it was rumored among some of the 
northern coaches that it was a waste of time and 
money to send a learn down to be slaughtered by 
the defending champions at UCSD. Even so. 
UCSD had a good game tuning up for the final s 
with a 15-3. 15-4. 15-13 romp over the strongest 
challenger USIU. 

When asked to compare the '71 Tritons with 
last year 's championship team . Mllenbaugh 
stated that he felt this year's team is a stronger . 
better ba lanced squad. 

"Last year the team centered around two 
hitters. This year we' have a whole team. six 
men . no seven. who can hit. set and dig as well 
as any." Over all . Milenbaugh appears to be 
right. The hitting line of Richardson. Rose. 
Holmes. Hock. and Adams. and the setting of 
Gorell and Seracini have provided Milenbaugh 
with what must certainly be the team to beat at 
the NAIA finals. 

Tritons Gain Split With Pasadena 
Behind the three-hit pitching of freshman Guy 

Lowery and the base-running of sophomore 
George Horman. senior Ron Bush. and 
freshma n Curtis Jenkins. the UCSD nine gained 
a 3-2 decision last Saturday over host Pasadena 
College. after dropping the initial contest 6-4 to 
the Crusaders. The doubleheader split brought 
the Tritons to a 5-7 season mark. while 
Pasadena is now 11-10 in NAIA District 3 
competition. 

inning when with men on 2nd and 3rd bases and 
two out. the flu-weakened Shepherd .,grounded 
out to short. Bush. sophomore Dave Wright. and 
Yocky each collected two hi ts in the game as 
the Tritons outhit the Crusader~ nine to eight. 

Water Recreation 

In the opening game. UCSD jumped to a 3-0 
lead in the 2nd inning. when Horman opened 
with a single, Bush followed suit. senior John 
Shinn drew a walk . and freshman Pete Yocky 
(. 344) drove in the two lead runners with a sharp 
single to left center. Shinn scored on a wild 
pitch after reaching 3rd base on Yock's hi t. A 
single. two walks, two wild pitches by freshman 
Tony Robles narrowed the lead to 3-2 when the 
Crusaders took their turn in the 2nd inning. 

After Pete Albert lead off the 3rd inning with 
a single. Pasadena 's Don Black stroked a 370-
foot home run over the right field barrier. 
putting the Crusaders in front 4-3. A single. a 
stolen base. an error and another wild pitch 
upped the margin to 5-3 by the end of the inning. 

Diminutive sophomore Jimmy Robinson (5' 
2". 120 Ibs.) took over for Robles in the 4th 
inning and held Pasadena at bay until the 6th 
inning. when they cushioned their lead with a 
si ngle. two sacrifice bunts, and a fielder's 
choice. The Tritons closed the gap to 5-4 in the 
4th inning , but failed to capitalize when with the 
bases full and only one out. senior Steve 
Shepherd (,359 ) and sophomore Jerry Pittman . 
(.278) both flied out to short right and deep left 
field. 

Another opportunity was missed in the 6th 

In the night cap. Pasadena capitalized on a 
walk. single. and two UCSD errors to take a 2-0 
lead in the 3rd inning. but the Tritons were not 
to be denied. Horman (. 316 ) opened the 4th 
inning with a single and went to 2nd when right -
fielder Don Black erred on the throw. Bush. 
having his finest year (. 487 ) drove George home 
with a single to left and advanced to 3rd base on 
John Shinn's infield hi t. A double steal brought 
Ron home with the tying run. 

In the final inning. Yocky was denied of a 
certain triple by a sensational diving. back-hand 
catch by Pasadena center fielder . Pete Albert. 
Lowery reached 1st base on an error only to be 
retired and replaced by Jenkins on a fielder 's 
choice. The fleet-footed Jenkins (11 SB) 
proceeded to steal 2nd and 3rd. setting the stage 
for a game-winning double steal after Dave 
Wright walked. 

Lowery came through with a courageous 
performance in the 6th inning to gain his third 
win without defeat {ERA 1.17 1. Following a lead 
- off double and an advance to 3rd base on an 
infield out. Guy came back from a 3-0 deficit to 
force Ray Scarborough to lift a harmless fly to 
Jenkins in center on a 3-2 count. After giving up 
an intentional walk . ~wery retired pinch-hitter 
Dale Black on a grounder to Yocky at shortstop. 

On Thursday. the Tritons send Pete Yocky (2-
1. ERA 1.56 ) against San Diego State at the 
UCSD home field . and then travel to Southern 
California College for a double-header on 
Saturday. 

UCSD Sailing 
Facility Open 
During the Week 

The UCSD sailing facility. 
located on Santa Clara Point 
(Mission Bay). is now open for 
recreational sailing during the 
week -Monday through 
Friday, 2-6 p.m. The facility 
will continue to operate from 10 
a.m. to 4 p.m. on Saturday and 
Sundays. 

For boat reservations call 
ext. 2284. On Friday. Saturday 
and Sunday no reservations 
will be taken (for sabots) after 
3p.m. 

Beginning Sailing 
Classes Offered 

Sailing classes will be held at 
the UCSD sailing facility on 
Fridays . Saturda ys and 
Sundays from 3 to 6 p.m. 
CLasses are limited to 15 
students each. The next 
available classes will begin in 
May. No charge : open to all 

If you can drive it, 
we'll insure it 

for less. 
No matter what you drive - from • conserv.tive YoIkSWil.n to • radi-

cat hot rod - we can live you money on your c.r insunnce. 
LEVI BELLBOTTOM 

CoIlece Student Insur.nce Servic:e ha5 bien worIIilll with the Auto 
Insu"nce Industry for 5 yurs to prowl thlt col"" students deteM 
lower r.tes on their car iMurInCe. Now, if you'" 11\ Associated StudInt 
member, you can pt .... IIIIIUI ....... IIMIICe at 111--... 11'1-
irlls 01 41'" in CIIitthia. Plus. rou can continue ..." COWIfIIIIfItr 
you',e out of SChool. 

For. pertanII ..... call CSlS ....,. 

We ........ rou ......... , 11M 10,., ...... 10 ..... ..."Clrtlllll,.. 
didtolluril. 

S ... c.t .... Aw .. 
513·93.3 

e.s.l.s .•• 'n en ,Mr sl .... 

WeGot'c:m-AIJ Si%es 

Nautical Association 
members. Sign up in the PE 
Office or call Barbara Durbin. 
ext. 2282. 

WATER SKI 
CLUB SKIS 

Do you remember seeing the 
UCSD Water Ski Boat in the 
middle of the plaza several 
months ago? Although it didn ' t 
have any engine then, it does 
now ' It even pulls water 
skiers! 

The UCSD Water Ski Club 
officially welcomes all 

students, [acuity and staff to 
join the club and ski. 

You can enjoy skiing behind 
the 15 foot Inboard Mecury 
with 112 hp. boat on Tuesdays 
from 2 - 6:00 p.m. and on 
Saturdays from 7:30 a.m. - 5 
p.m. thro ughout spring 
quarter. 

One dollar pays for all your 
skiing per day and $5 covers 
your fee into the club 

Meeting for all interested 
persons will be 5 p.m. Thursday 
in the PE Classroom (Gym L 
You may also go to Santa Clara 
point when skiing IS scheduled. 
For fu rther information 
cvntact Dave Bowes 461-8883. 

IMPORTANT 
ANNOUNCEMENT 

THE ROLlER SKATING 
PARTY SCHEDULED FOR 

WEDNESDAY ATTHE 
SOLANA BEACH ROLlER 

RINK HAS BEEN CANCELED 

CHARTER FLIGHTS 
CAL. - L.DNOON ttOUNOTIIII" 
Mol,." .. Wlu "n 
Mn 10' .. WIo., ,'1I ,,"', lD .. w .. ~ l Ut Aw,. 2Z' .. WI" I nt 
".IM' I WII" "U A .. . . U ) WI" un J. ". ~ 1 Wilt. ,2 SI SUI, I .. WII.. Ill' 
JII '" I) .. Win. ,2.' Su" J 1 WI". IU' 
)"". I' •• U . II" SUI, U 1 WII, ,U' 
J" .... 21 1 .... , ".t ""t. , , I w ... " "" J,u .. 21 .. W"' , ,2.' €'UfIIOPI. TO \..OS "f'iltGELU 

J"I~ I' .. W"" ,,., JIoII'I ' II L.'H,." lilt 
t. se.t. tt 

Jw4, I. 2 ....... , Ut. M..", A m .. • LA 
eM." .. M NI, u ..... , ,,41, ... , II \,. ... 0 ......... . J.t, It- .. "'. .. " •• • ..... " ,tM 

J ... ,., • .... .. "" 
".t." J Mt, "" 
""" .. W\.. '24, .... ". I ""." . \.." ....... , ,I" LOI AHeC",U to LONOOft 
....................... A •• • 
. .. , ..... ....-.. ..... ,,,. ,., 
.......... ,~ OM ...... • • 
............ \. .. & 0IIiIII · 

he,. n·· ,I" 
Oct . ) ,'" Oct. , .. ,'" 
Ott.. '''' 

--leftY, _ ,. UIII •• .., III c.IIfenIIil _ .. natf, ' __ I 
... f ..... 
------~!~!~-~~~~-!~~~~~-------
. Brent Bak P I 

i!:~';"'tWay 755.6253 

Tuesday, April 13/ 1971 Triton Times Page 7 



TUESDAY, 
April 13 

MEETINGS-Revelle Faculty, 
HL Aud., 3:30 p.m. Triton 
Wargaming Society-USB 
406OB, tp.m. MOSCA-2E 1102, 
7p.m. 
FILMS-AMES 
" Deformation of Continous 
Media." Noon, USB 2622. 
CANCELLED-noon concert 
by pianist and composer 
Richard Grayson. Previously 
scheduled for today. 

WEDNESDAY, 
April 14 

c 

CAREER EDUCATION 
PLANNING SERVICES -
seminar on careers in human 
services. 7:30 p.m., Revelle 
Informal Lounge. 
MEETINGS-Alpha Sigma Phi 
- S-Sp.m., USB3050B. 
BSU -7 p.m. 201MC 
Comm Board - 5 p.m. 
Conference room A. 
DINNER-5 p.m., 25 cents, 
University Lutheran Church. 
All welcome. 
BIO SEMINAR-" Human 
Biological Genetics. " 
U~D CHAMBER CHORUS -
performance at St. Pauls 
Episcopal Church, San Diego. 
Directed by Ron Jeffers. 

24 Hour Service 29501717 

PRECISE INCOME TAX 
Ours is the best! 

Your home or our office. 

Special attention to students and 
faculty . Guaranteed to save you 
money: Blue Chip Stomps. Com· 
petent, professional, accurate. 

THURSDAY, 
April 15 
BIO SEMlNAR-"Rates and 
Routes for Protein Folding." 
Dr. Don Wetiaufer , 2105 
Bonner Hall, 4: 30 p.m. 

SumnernoollJ Series-" Alpha 
Helix Expedition to the 
Antarctic, " Dr. W. Orris, 
Sumner Aud., SIO. 

Organic Chemistry Photo-
chemical Smog: "Some Recent 
Research Results," Dr. J . 
Holmes, USB 2622. 
IMR presentation, BSU- 2A 
2113, 9-11 p.m. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
ATTENTION: Students in 

the Social Science 25 (Law and 
Society) - The revised seating 
chart for Social Science 25 is 
posted outside the Humanities 
Office, HL 1512, for your 
information. 

Muir College undergraduate 
and graduate students of 
English and American 
Literature : Dr . Donald 
Wesling offers a lecture-
discussion on "Reading and 
Judgement," Tuesday, April 
13. Those present will discuss 
the formation of a loose 
association to talk about this 
body of literature, to invite 
guest speakers, and to advise 
the literature Department's 
English section about 
curriculum. 

If 
,.. er, i.enstH ill .. ter (yellS 

w, IIHtI , ( .... ' re,. 
ywr (1Mt eM _ ,. .... Is ~rtt4 

e.4~IitsIer," 
No phone (ails 

Stop in and see John 

PAC~r~C 
YAMAKA 

15&1 I"n.t IWI 
Icific .... e. 4 .. ·.&&5 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, Apr il 13, 1971 

Fellowships • • • 
(CoDtiDued from pale 3) 

structure and style in the short 
stories of Julio Cortazar ; Dr. 
James R. Arnold, Profess')r of 
Chemistry : Studies in pure !ind 
applied geochemistry ; and Dr. 
Robert C. Elliott, Professor of 
English Literature : Studies in 
genre criticism. 

Also Dr. Hubert Halkin, 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 

Applications are now available 
for positions on next year's TT. 
Come to our office at the 
northwest corner of Blake Hall. 

Tune your heads into KSDT 
for far-reaching sounds-jazz, 
rock, concert, country, special 
programs, information on 
school happenings. 

Conscientious Coffee : If you 
are considering or are 
currently in process of filing 
for Conscientious Objector 
status, or if you have gone 
through the process and would 
like to pass along what you 
have learned, come to the 
Informal Lounge on Revelle at 
7 p.m. Tues., April 13. 

Professor of Mathematics : 
Studies in optimization theory ; 
Dr. George Mandler, Professor 
of Psychology : Studies in 
cognitive psychology ; Dr. 
George E. Masek, Professor of 
Physics : Experimental studies 
in high energy physics ; Dr. 
Carl E. McIlwain, Professor of 
Physics : Theoretical studies of 
plasma phenomena in the 
magnetosphere; Dr. Stanford 
S. Penner, Professor of 
Engineering Physics : Studies 
in spectroscopy and on the 
theory of reactive flows ; and 
Dr . Murray Rosenblatt , 
Professor of Mathematics : 
Studies - in mathematical 
statistics and probability 
theory. 

Dr. Leslie E. Orgel , Senior 
Resident Fellow at the Salk 
Institute for Biological Studies 
and Professor of Chemistry in 
Residence at UCSD : 
Experimental studies in the 
theory of aging. 

IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT 

EUIOf'I: $225-$210. AI .. ISRAEl. 
and JAPAN Spri"l and Summer 
flights available call 755-3990 after 
5 p.m., Of write E.S.E.P.-UCSD 
8217 Beverly IIvd., Lot Angele •• 
Calif. ' (5-11) 
Europe Jet Charter Rights. Spri"l 
Special. March 30 thru June 15 -
$26.. Plu. full summer program. 
Call Leslie 582-909. aft., 5. (I) 

EUROPE/ ISRAEL/ EAST AFRICA 
One way and round trip student 
travel discounts. SOFA Qtlent fOf 
over 2000 inter-European student 

chart~r flights. CONTACT: ISCA 
116.7 San Vinc.nte IIvd., No. 4, 
L.A. CAUF., 90049: TEL: (213) .36-
5669. (6-4) 

CHEAPEST RIGHTS TO EUIOPE. 
Chortors throughaut Europe, Alia, 
Africa, Israel . New YOfk $15. IT. 
LAX-LON-LAX-April 3-11 , Eurail 
pa.M •• tudent i.d . card., A.I .S. 9056 
Santa Monica IIvd., Lot A"Iole., 
90060, (213)274-.742. . (4-24) 

Europe chart.rs. 50 Departur.s, allO 
from N.Y., Africa, India, larCHII. 60 
per cent Off. Fr .. info: EASC, 323 N. 
Beverly Dr., Beverly Hill., Calif., 
90210. Phone:( 213) 276-6293. 
(5-11) 

Mo" students part-fuR time, $3 hr. 
plusscholar.hip. CaR 224-2164. 

(I) 
MIN of all trades to NORTH SLOPE, 
ALASKA, and the YUKON, around 
$2100.00 a month. ,., camplote 
informatian writ. to Job te_rch, 
P.O. lox 161 , Stn-A, TOfonto, 
Ontario. Enc .... $3 to cover COlt. 

(4-23) 

Service. 
LlARNTORY 
RIGHT INSTRUCTION FOR PRIVATE 
COMMERQAL, INSTRUMENT, AND 
MULTlENGINERATlNGS. CAU BUZZ 
418-0272 (4-30) 
AVOID INCOME TAX HASSlEI 
Preciselncomo Tax Service 24 Hours, 
your home, Of our office, IaYe 
money, 295-17.7. (4-3) 

DISTINCTIVE TYPiNG 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedul • . Modest Rate •. 
Satisfactian is the end product. 
H ... n459·.... (I) 
Typing - fOf accurate Typl"l on 
.lectric pica - t.rm papers, theMS, 
manuscripts, etc. Call Mrs . 
McCroskey 2.7-1607. (I) 

EUIOPE CHARTERS . Severo I 
schedule. from $250 roundtrip, 
$150 oneway . Coordinator : THE ROLLER SKATING PARTY SCHEDULED FOR WEDNESDAY AT Profe .. or Margaret Paal 247 

Typing. . .Experienced typi.t. . 
.. T .rm paper., theses. ' Electric 
typewriter. Will do rush iobs. 453-
6.35. (I) 

THE SOLANA BEACH ROUER RINK HAS BEEN CANCELED loycroft. Long Beach. 90.03. 213-
• •••• 43.-2179. (4-24) MACRAME, WEAVING , 

STITCHEIY CLASSES ST AlTING 

, ...... It_~ 
Mnsua.1 & therapeutic 

WATERBEDS 
~:. ¥ ;~+o 

AIR FRAME 
KING 55500 
SIZE . 
"","""'I, 1"""1 51.., 

The Waterhole 
4212 ....... 

210-26.11 II CeteoI IW. 

new 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
for services 
Tues. thru Sat. 

• 
Sat. April 17th 

. m. In The Gym 

Tickets 
available 

at Urey Hall 

CHEAPEST NOW AT CARMEL VALLEY 
JETS TO EUROPE FROM LA AND WEAVEIS SUPPLY. CALL FOI 
NY. IMMEDIATE ISSUANCE IN- FREE SCHEDULE AND SUPPLY 
TNL. STUDENT I.D. CARD & UST. 755-4461 OR WRITE lOX 
TICKETING 2000 INTRA- ' 77A, RT 1 DELMAR. 4-23 
EUROPEAN / ASIAN / AFRICAN I. Your Auto Sick or Tired 
CHAITERS, EURAllJIASSES. CAR Try Jame. Automotive Service 
PURCHASE AlS RJGHTS II 105, American and Foreign Cars lepain 
9056 SANTA MONICA, L.A. and Pollution Cantrol. Student 
90069 TEL 274-8742 5-211 Discount 7748 Herschel Lo Jolla (in 

ther_r) 459-91.1 (I ) 

For Sale 
Martin 00·18 Guitar w /ca •• 
$175.459·9349 ( 4-13) 
WATER BEDS Tran.lulCenl 
Guaranteed to infinity. Wide 
Mlection, .hape. and .ize.: 6' x7' 
King size $"'.50. twinlize $29.50. 
Call 222·9175 after 5 p.m. 

(5 / 7) 
A BETTER BED! King lize water bed. 
$55.00. The Water Hole, 42.2 EI 
Caion Blvd., 2.0·2611. 

(R) 
CUSTOM BIKINIS CALL PAM 
488·5374. 1044 OPAL PACIFIC 
BEACH 4-17 

65 ' MUSTANG CONY. MUST SEll 
WHOLESALE BLUEBOOK. CAU GREG 
SCRAGG 272-7450 or BLDG 2A 
6337 (4-13) 
FOR SALE- ROBERTS 1725 TAPE 
RECORDER CARTRIDGE AND REEl. 
SELDOM USED IN 4 MONTHS. 
PERFECT CONDo $250 OR lEST 
OFFER. 233-4.73. 

(4-13) 
Waterproof, du.t-proof, .hock·proof, 
burglar.proof all aluminum Kalimar 
photo of sound equipment caM, a 
lightweight portable with .haulder 
.trap. legular $49.95, enly $29.95 . 
Call Mark at 755-3990. (R) 

TYPING SERVlaS, Thesi., term 
papers, etc. IBM typewriter, for 
information call 755-1630. 

(4-16) 

Personal, 
CASH FOI USED SOCIOLOGICAL 
IESEAICH DESIGN PAPER. BILL 
JACKSON. 2.3·0416. 

(4-13) 

LOST: Gold charm bracel.t with 
singl. charm. If found, plea .. 
call 10 .. -453·2927. IEWARD . 

(I) 
" FOUND: PAil OF GLASSES ON 
MONDAY, APRIL 5, BEHIND 
BUILDING 250 , MATTHEWS 
CAMPUS. THEY MAYlE PICKED UP 
A T THE CAMPUS POua OFFICE." 
(5 / 7) 

MY DOG DIS APPEAlED FROM 
MY CAl THURS. APIIL 8. HE 
NEEDS MEDICA liON FOR HIS 
EYE. HE IS BLACK AND BEIGE. 
REWARD 748·5609. 4-13 

CRAFT FAIR, MAY 8th ALL 
CRAFTSMEN WELCOME . $1 
SPACE FEE, NO COMMISSIONS 
FREE TO THE PUBLIC. 755-4461 
FOR INFO. 4-23 

ALBERT COLLINS 
AND 

DAVID ACKLES IfIUI, "n.'JI1JU' 
84"S_ 

~SNN"'" 
7h-31J.(J 

ADMISSION 2.50 "I·SAT·SUN 
OPENS8PM 

NOU VlINV!)aK) .lI:K>I"-NON 


