
Batc·helder Fired as Muir Dean 
Rod Lorang 
Staff Writer 

Alan C. Batchelder was informed 2 days before Christmas 
that he will be replaced as Muir College dean of student affairs, 
it was learned yesterday. Batchelder will be released July 1st, 
1971, unless he finds a position and Muir College finds 3 
suitable replacement earlier. He has signed no official 
resignation. 

Muir Provost John Stewart, after consultation with Vice-
ChancefIor and Dean of Student Affairs George Murphy, and 
before Bathelder could be reached for comment, issued the 
following statement: 

" In the years since John Muir College was founded , both the 

Volume '2, Number' 

college and the work of it's dean have changed considerably. 
Alan Batchelder has served the college well as it first dean, 
and Muir will always carry the mark of his concern and 
contribution . Our debt to him is great, and our appreciation of 
him should be too. But while Muir has been changing, Alan 's 
interests have changed as well. He wants a position in the 
academic world different from what the Muir deanship now is. 
I believe he has become less interested in administrative work 
and more interested in direct person to person counseling. He, 
Vice-Chancellor Murphy and I, mutually agree that the time is 
right for a change, and Alan is working with us as we define the 
type of person we should seek. Our approach to the problem of 
replacing him is entirely friendly in all respec ts. I might add 
that we are going to use the advice and help of the student 
members of the Muir College council in recruiting his 

University 0' (ali'ornia, San Diego 

succes or." 
Shortly after Dr. Stewart had rclcased this statcmcnt, 

Batchelder, returning from Irvine, r ad th tatement, and 
reacted with surpri e at what he called the "personal" nature 
of the statement. At the same time he termed it accurate. 

He then described the differences between himself and 
Stewart as "A fundamental difference of philosophy and a way 
of looking at college students and the needs of college 
students." Batchelder prefers to h Ip people meet their 
problems as they arise, and says that Stewart is seeking a man 
more given to direct, anticipatory action. He says that Muir 
has outgrown his philosophy, and that he has been growing less 
effective as dean, as the college grows larger. His plans for the 
rest of the year in the post are shadowed by an .. uneasiness ... It 
would be as if I was compounding the inappropriate." 

January 5, 1911 

Moderates Ma neuver for AS Power 
Bruce Mo rden 
Staff Writer 

Politica l games and 
maneuvers are a complex but 
intriguing part of UCSD's 
student government. To many, 
student government is a farce ; 

NEWS 
ANALYSIS 

Phil James, executive assistant to tbe Chancellor. 

but to the Regents, the 
administration, the faculty and 
many students, it is a power to 
be reckoned with. This power 
lies in the AS President and the 
AS Council. Both the President 
and the Council members are 
elected in a general election 
during the . spring quarter. 
Already those who are in power 
are being attacked by those out 
of power well in advance of the 
spriilg elections. 

Chancellor's Aid James 
Navigates Bureaucracy 

Barbara Simon 
Staff Writer 

One name which is little known among 
~tudents on the UCSD campus is that of Philip 
James, executive assistant to the chancellor. 
An explanation of this anonymity comes from 
James himself. " I work behind the scene, in 
the background, with those who have direct 
involvement and are therefore more 
recognized." James works closely with 
Chancellor York and the vice-chancellors. In 
addition, he is a "campus consultant on how to 
find your way through the bureaucracy." 
According to James, one can utilize any 
bureaucracy without understanding all of the 
parts. His job is to provide " political oil to slip 
through the bureaucracy." 

An example he gives is the accounting 
system. " An understanding of the system 
allows a possibility either to block or to further 
a program." James has a " peripheral 
involvement in almost everything that goes on 
around campus." He feels that the variety of 
ta ~s gives his job fascination and it is "ju t 
plam fun ." If he had to write a description of 
what his id al job would be, he says that it 
would de cribe hi ' pre ent position. 

James ha not alway worked in higher 
edu ation , although he spent two years at 
Berkeley as an in tructor and as istant 
rofe sor in th hemistry Department. A 
radu~te of .MIT and a Ph.D. r cipient in 

orgamc chemistry at the Univer ity of l11inol , 
James served a a research chemist and then as 

a college recruiter for the American Cyanamid 
Company from 1959 to 1962. In 1966, James 
became assi tant vice-chancellor in graduate 
studies and research at UCSD. 

One interest James would like to pursue i a 
restructuring of higher education. He feels that 
it is a serious mistake to assume that four to 
seven years in college are "an education." 
" Education is a lifelong process." Advanced 
graduate tudents who plan to teach hould be 
given an "opportunity to be involved in 
undergraduate education in a substantive way." 
Graduate student would be assigned a body of 
knowledge to u maximum flexibility in 
establi hing a curriculum plan. Alternatives to 
the lecture sy tern need to be developed 
according to James; he feel that " ninety per 
cent of lecture u can be abolished" du to 
ineffectivene s. 

Included in Jamc ' broad view of education i 
travel. He and hi wife, Barbara, have driven 
throughout the United States both alone and 
with th ir sons, Greg and Larry. Their pride 
and joy are the s veral thousand photographic 
slide taken during the many trips. Some time 
when freedom from other r spon ibilities 
occurs, Jam s would like to writ a book about 
photography Crom the viewpoint of an organic 
chemi t. 

A strong believer in 100year plan , James 
admits that Cor the first tim in his life hi 
Cuture i not planned except for vacation . He 
would enjoy remaining at UC D for another five 
years or more, but if an exciting job opportunity 
within California comes up , he i open to 
change. 

Leading this attack are the 
Leaflet Coalition and the 
DIME SIO staff. Recently 
DIMENSIO ran a full front 
page dedicated to the inner 
workings of the AS as they see 
it. Their interpretation of the 
recent referrendum was 
printed boldly across the 
top-"Student Repudiate A.S. 
Council. " 

The Council it elf doesn 't 
Ceel repudiated, even though 
they voted down the 
referendum resolutions in two 
of their council sessions. "The 
resolution merely reaffirm 
the Regents' Rules. They are 
Motherhood resol utions , ,. 
states President Pa\cic. 

At the moment the 
moderates have only one 
outspoken member on the 
Council- Jim Sill . Recently 
Commissioner Sills introduced 
a resolution calling for a 
Cormal apology to be written to 
Assemblyman Jess Unruh for 
the treatment he received here 
May 6 wheR he was heckled 
while trying to speak on the 
Revelle Plaza. The Council 
once again voted the resolu tion 
down, but was less sure of 
itself. The vote was one fo r, 
two against and th ree 
abstentions. The moderate do 
have sympathizers on the 
Council and their support, or at 

least their non-oppo ition 
seem to be growing. 

What js the balance of 
ideological feeling outside the 
Council? If one interpret tho e 
voting in the referendum as 
having the views corre ponding 
to the vote of the Council 
memb rs, then the moderates 
have an overwhelming 
majority. 

If we look at the action of 
the Moderates we find several 
blemi hes. Their sympathetic 
council member ha been 
pending his time building the 

political base for the 
moderate , talking with 
students and according to orne 
observers, doing very little of 
his duties a Commissioner of 
Academic affairs. Others point 
out that ills has been 
frustrated by non-cooperation 
from the Council. 
Co mmissioners have 
seemingly not had as much 
contact with student as 
Commis ioner Sills ha , but 
each of them is attempting to 
provide such services to th 
student as a bus service to Del 
Mar and a tudent Lobby in 
Sacramento. 

Other member of the 
moderates have been attacked 
by students. Mr. Keating, the 
unsucce ful A.S. presidential 
candidate of last year, who has 

recentl y announced his 
candidacy for thiS year, was 
recently attacked in a letter to 
the TRITOI TIME for a 
comment he made in the 
I ovember 11 issue of 
DIMEN ION. In the i sue Mr. 
Keating uggested that we 
bomb the Chinese mainland 
and destroy their nuclear 
capability. Commi ioner ills 
has made orne statements 
concerning abortion which have 
brought opposition from the 
general tudentbody. 
Mike heerin, the student who 
initiated the referendum , 
claims that the "A Council is 
controlled by an unre ponsi {: 
clique who are not 
repre entative of the 
tudents." heerin, along with 

the other moderate , feel that 
the group now in power i not 
listening to the tudent . 0 the 
student hould get together 
and depo them . 

Pa\Cic, who oppose many of 
the moderate proposals, feels 
that " reacting to their 
indictments will only cause 
more trouble." Recently he 
appointed Jim Sill to b the 
representative to the Academic 
enate. Palcic feels that in 

giving the moderate " room to 
run in they will straighten out 
or be irre ponsible and cut 
their own throats." 



IBits and Piecesl 
Editor's Note: "Bits and Pieces" is where the TRITON 
TIMES will hereafter put things that don't belong 
anywhere else: short, short news items and quotes, press 
releases, previews of meetings or other events. 

Two Professors Receive Grants 
Two UCSD professors and two research assistants at thl 

University have been awarded National Science Foundation 
fellowships for study abroad next year. 

Dr. Harry Suhl , professor of physics. and Dr. Warren L. 
Butler, professor of biology, were among 54 scientists honored 
by the NSF. this year with senior postdoctoral fellowships. 
Awardees were selected from a nationwide field of 395 
applicants by panels of leading scientists appointed by the 
National Research Council. The fellowships are granted to 
permit U.S. scientists to pursue further research and obtain 
advanced training in their areas of specializa tion. 

Suhl will do research in France beginning next August on the 
catalysis of solid surfaces. He will divide his time between the 
University of Marseilles and the University of Paris. Butler will 
conduct research at the State University of Leiden, The 
~~etherland s, in the field of photosynthesis. 

The two UCSD resean;h assistants who received SF- ATO 
postdoctoral fellowships in science are Dr. Evan A. Evans, of 
Ames, and Jay Dra tler, of the Insti tute of Geophysics and 
Planetary Physics. 

Evans, whose specia l fie ld is the application of optics to 
biophysics, will study at the Institut d'Optique at Orsay, 
France. A resident of La Jolla , he will leave for France in April 
accompanied by hi s wife and daughter. 

Volunteer Service 
A fair will take place on the Revelle Plaza next week. The 

student special 
Your complete horoscope calculated 
indiVidually based on planetary positions at the 
time of your birth by a Pandltji (Astrolger) in 
India. 

Please complete this form &.mail today for fast service! 
I NAME: Se ..... , --: A!!dress: ____________ _ 
City: State Zip __ _ 
l ime of Birth (state a.m. or p.m.) _____ _ 
Date of Birth _____ _ 
Place of Birth _______ _ 

Enclose '2.50 for s1udents - 15.00 for non students 
Price includes postage to and from India. You will receive your own 

horoscope approximately one month from the date of receipt. 
completed fonn Ind '2.50 (or 15.00) to- EAST · WESl ENlrERI~RI!,ESI 

3870 Sacramento SI. III 
San Francisco, Calif. 94118 

OPERATION SURVIV AL 

HOW MUCH TIME DO WE HAVE? 
$64 Question: H we haven't had the intelligence (and we 

haven't) to STUDY and to LEARN the Operational Require-
ments of our 12 Billion Horsepower Economy and MAKE 
THE NECESSARY ADJUSTMENTS THERETO - in the 
past 40 years - what supreme optimism leads you to believe 
that we will suddenly acquire such a degree of enlightenment 
IN A FEW HOURS, while our cities burn, and mobs battle 
police and troops in the streets? 

Let's quit kidding ourselves! ! ! 
IF we make the transition (and that IF becomes bigger 

every day) from our present, obsolete, self-<lestructing Price 
System to whatever comes next - we are going to HAVE to 
do it between NOW and then ; while the wheels are STILL 
turning, while the POWER is STILL ON ! 

HOW MUCH TIME DO WE HAVE BEFORE CRACK-UP? 
Our Politicians can 't tell us. They don 't even know it's 

coming! "All is well, as long as MY Political Party is in the 
saddle!" And we're still swallowing this tripe! 

Fortunately, the time~lement , too, is MEASURABLE 
(remember that 4th Basic Postulate of Science?) - and 
again Technocracy has some Answers for you. 

Our Price System break-down is predicted when our 
conswnption of extraneous (machine) energy reaches 
lm,OOO kilogram calories per capita per day (or before). 
That's the OUTSIDE LIMIT! 

What is our PRESENT conswnption? How much are we 
using NOW? 

ANSWER: 180,000 Kilogram calories per capita per day! 
10%left to €,o! HOW MUCH TIME DOES THIS BUY US? 

UCSD Pl ofessors will not need their Computers to deter-
mine that, if our per capita conswnption per day of Ex-
traneous (machine) Energy were approximately 10,000 k/ c 
at the turr of the century (70 years ago) - we have been 
adding to tllis at the rate of approximately 2,500 k/ c per year 
AVERAGE.. _ 

Which IT eMS, IF THIS 70-YI!:Alt AVEnAGE TS MAIN-
TAINED, ve ~ave 8 years to go before crack-up ! 

However , in the past 70 years our Political leadership has 
been able t ) crank-up four nice, juicy, profitable foreign wars 
for us (Wo:ldIWar I and II, Korea and Viet Nam). This has 
enabled us to dwnp hundreds of thousands of "surplus" men, 
and billior s in "surplus" Natural Resources and manu-
factured products OVERSEAS-(also billions of dollars) 
- thus having a "stabilizing effect" on our Domestic 
Economy. 

But it's getting more and mor~ difficult for an "honest" 
Politician to sell a good, safe, profitable war - to the Ameri-
can people. We just "ain't buying it"; in fact, we're having to 
bring some of the boys home. What's THAT going to do to our 
domestic UNEMPLOYMENT PICTURE, and the impact on 
our economy? So instead of 8 years, maybe we have 5, or 
perhaps 3. Feed our present POLLUTION OF AIR, SEA AND 
SOIL into your Computers, and we MAY HAVE A LOT LESS 
TIME THAN THAT! 

Next issue : WHERE 00 WE GO FROM HERE? OPERA-
TION SURVIV AL, P.O. BOX 2019, La Jolla, Calif., 92037. 

Volunteer Service Center has invited various agencies who use 
volunteers in the San Diego area to come to the HeveJle Plaza 
Jan. 11 and 12 around midday. This "Agency Faire" will give 
students an opportunity to discover the ways in which they may 
serve the community. 

The two-day event, which has been in the planning stage for 
several months, will be the first major project carried out by' 
the Volunteer Service Center. The Center had its beginnings in 
a survey which was taken last year. 

Over 75 agencies in the San Diego area have been invited to 
participate in the agency faire . They will have tables in the 
Plaza where they can display their wares. They will be glad to 
answer any questions about volunteer ervice for their agency 
and ways in which students may serve the community. 

JusUce Through Non-Violence 

"Justice through on-Violence" will be the topiC of a 
discussion by Hildegard Goss-Mayr and Jean Goss held 
tomorrow at 4 p.m. in the Revelle Informal Lounge. The 
Gosses are active in the Fellowship of Reconciliation. having 
spent the la st eight years in Latin America "studying ways in 
which non-violent revolution could be developed in a situation 
in which revolution is already taking place." The discussion is 
sponsored by the Revelle Guest·in-Residence Committee. 

Spending Guidelines 
President Charles Hitch 's guidelines limiting University 

spending were recently distributed to all UCSD deans and 
department chairmen by Chancellor Herbert York. "We 're 
putting a freeze on the employment of persons with state funds, 
the purchase of equipment with state fund s, and travel on state 
fund s." Hitch's explanation of the guidelines notes that " we 
must cope with sharply rising costs in many areas of operation 
while meeting levels of budgetary savings which are higher 
than have ever been required by the state." 

TI.,~ freeze will be effec ti ve until the end of the 1970-71 fiscal 
year only. al though York expec ts that " next year will be worse 
if anything." " We're not going to be able to meet all of our 
commitments," he added 

York cited the highest priorities for next year's budget as the 
development of a sophomore program for Third College and a 
fourth·year program at the Medical School. 

Clas es Announced 
The North Shores Adult School has announced free classes in 

communicatio·n. and journalism. The courses are open to the 
pu bl ic (including UCSD students) and are to be held in the 
church at 1216 Cave St.. La Jolla. The term will run from Jan. 4 
through J une 30, and those interested should register by calling 
the :~orth Shores School in Pacific Beach at 273-3221. The 
cou rses are : 
(I) Learning to learn .. communications, writing, and 
organization of information . 
(2) Behavioral Science Writing Seminar -- journalism and 
public relations for mental hea lth internship and training. 
(3) How the Mass Media Manipulates Women: The High Cost 
of Keeping Women Down -- a " home·economics journalism" 
workshop for trai ning women's lib writers to revise and create 
better women ' s magazines and journals. 

Final Close Out 
Clearance Sale at Our Cost! 

Large Savings 
STEREO COMPONENTS 

Scott-Dynaco-Kenwood 
Receivers-A mps-Speakers-Tape Recorders 

ra iolla music 
1128 woll 10 iollo 

459-3375 

18-YEAR-OLD VOTE 
As a result 0/ two U.S. Supreme Court decisions last 

month, 1B-year-old citizens now have the right to vote in 
presidential. vice-presidential and Cong ressional 
elections. However, in all but a few instances they will 
still be unable to cast ballots for the governors or 
legislators 0/ their own states, or even for the mayors 0/ 
their home towns. The Supreme Court decisions came in 
answer to President Nixon's hesitancy in Signing 
amendments to the Voting Rights Act of 1965 last June. 
Nixon questioned whether Congress was overstepping its 
powers in passing such amendments . 

Five of the nine Justices found the President's 
misgivings unfounded with respect to federal elections. 
The Court's majority reasoned that since Congress 
regulates national elections in other ways, it also has the 
authority to set the age 0/ voters. Four of the five justices 
voted similarly regarding state and local elections. But 
Hugo Black demurred on the second issue. "No function 
is more essential to the separate and independent 
existence of the states and their governments, than the 
power to determine within the limits 0/ the Constitution 
the qualifications of their own voters. " Thus the vote was 
five to four against allowing youths to vote in state and 
local elections . 

MAN GROWING OBSOLETE 
According to a UCLA social theorist, man is not the end 

product of evolution, but rather is already growing obso-
lete . Robert McCracken, assistant professor of anthropo-
logy, said the next phase of evolution will be that of 
superintelligence and superconsciousness, in which man 
will have faded into the background. According to Mc-
Cracken , evolution will depend on the storage and 
retrieval of information. "What works well succeeds and 
it does so because the pattern in which it grew and 
developed successfully is preserved and stored for 
further use, " McCracken said. 

The written language that developed to store and 
retrieve in/ormation can no longer do the job. The 
amount of data that is available and necessary is just too 
great. The question now is, what will the next stage 0/ 
evolution look like? McCracken feels thatit's not possible 
to say. "We know, however, that the next stage will have 
access to and be able to handle amounts of information 
more vast than anything we can now contemplate ." 

PSAtells 
ucSan 
where 
!Ggo: San FranCISco. San Jose. , Sacramento. Los 

--jAn<lele!s. Hollywood -
Burbank, and Onla rlo. 

PACIFIC HOIIDA 

So go Fr~m San Diego 
Call your campus rep, 

Iravel agef1l. or PSA 
gtws.yau a ItIt .. 

Pacific Honda- 1277 Garnel 
272-55 J 1 

, 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 

The ........... I~"_ ~ lhe .. ,,.... ... theM .. ,he .utt..t. whet. fWUMI capIN- i" the 11"",..1 ond 
.. ":'" ~ ,a&c:, the ""WI ... he TIITCH UMiS. Aft., .... Mil"", t. wltmlt 1'TICII.noi I. '" 
puWI.hN eft Ihue ,., ••• houW .. ~ it ,. ' .... Idi ••• CWed ... , 1.ITON liMES, I 171lat.. HoN. UCSO 

Christ Has 
Set Us Free 

Booze and Health 
Dear Editor: 

In Mike Robert's article , 
(TRITON TIMES, Nov. 24), he 
alludes to the individual rights 
of men ("a right to his own 
life") . Presumably, Mr. 
Roberts means the right to self-
determination-politically, 
economically and socially . 
However, his logic is illusive. 
The separation of the secular 
ideology and action is not 
defined. Marcusian ideals are 
different from Marcusian ac-
tions; communist thought often 
times stands in direct op-
position to the actions taken by 
Communists to achieve 
Marxian goals . For example, 
the humanitarian ideals of 
Marxism differ greatly from 
the acts of slaughter that oc-
curred in Russia in the 1920's 
and 1930's; the purported Nazi 
ideology differs greatly from 
slaushtering 6 million Jews. 

J ames Hervey Johnson 

Today the "great cry" is about pollution of the air and water . 
The politicians have taxed the people for billions of dollars to 
stop pollution. PollUtion, like charity, begins at home. Natural 
health advocates say that first things should come first. The 
deliberate, direct pollution of the bodies of the American 
people, espeCially the young, is almost infinitely greater than 
the indirect air and water pollution, which provides such 
opportunities for the politicians to extract more taxes. 

Booze: An Insidious Killer 
I refer to one direct pollution: the use of hundreds of millions 

of gallons of alcoholic liquor, "booze," that causes mure 
deaths in a day, and more sickness in a week, than any possible 
deaths attributable to polluted air or water. Every drop of 
alcohol is injurious to human beings. It is a poison which 
destroys brain cells that can never be replaced. Booze causes a 
great many death-causing diseases: heart attacks, hardening 
of the arteries, apoplexy, kidney disease, and many more. Its 
companion killer and health-<lestroyer is tobacco, a direct 
cause of lung disease and early death. 

If the tremendous publicity campaign and the billions being 
spent on the "pollution" problem were used to expose the 
terrible effects of booze, many times more people would be 
saved from early death and years of suffering. Not less than 
17,000 people a year are killed because of it, many of them 
innocent victims of drunk driving on the nation's streets and 
highways. Tens of thousands more are injured. 

Booze is a destroyer of the brain, the body, the home, the 
business and the thinking capacity of the individual. Under its 
influence tlie most atrocious crimes are committed : in fact, 
under prohibition crime was only about a tenth of its present 
rate, per capita. 

Natural Health: Purity Prevails 
Natural health advocates believe in pure air and pure water , 

and for years have called attention to the damages done by 
dangerous pesticides. But we know of no deaths attributed to 
bad air and bad water. We drink distilled water. And if the air 
is too bad where we live, we move. But of what use is pure air 
to a foolish smoker who keeps his lungs filled with poi sonous 
fumes all day, and orten much of the night? 

Children brought to term in the body of their a lcoholic, 
tobacco-saturated mother, and then subjected to brea thing the 
second hand fumes of booze and the tobacco start life with a 
fea rful handicap. 

In public places, on trains, buses and planes, non-smokers 
are compelled to breathe the nasty poisonous fumes of the silly 
people who are pursuing their goal of lung cancer and 
emphysema , as well as' wasting their money. 

When people talk of civil rights, most of our young people 
forget that they are slaves of booze, tobacco, and , worse than 
that, death-dealing and mind destroying drugs, which crooked 
depraved criminals by all kinds of tricks impose upon the 
ignorant and stupid. One young woman I know sold thousands 
of dollars worth of drugS- but never used any herself. She 
served a prison term, had her family broken up, her children 
taken away- but even then , seeing the terrible effects of drugs, 
she never took any. 

No Need for Drugs 
The natural health system has no need of liquor , tobacco, 

drugs. nor even the thousands of kinds of " orthodox" 
medicines. By following the plan which we have proven, our 
health is good, our minds and bodies are active, we do not have 
sickness and it is nearly impossible for us to imagine why 
anyone should want to pollu te their bodies with poisons. There 
is nothing that any of these things can do for us- for our plan of 
natural living is tops. 

Students who would Like to learn abou t natural health are 
invited to the classes, under the auspices of the Experimental 
College at Azlec Center, each Tuesday night at 7. Check with 
the information booth as to which room the classes will be in. 
Thursday nights at 7 a class is held at the University of San 
Diego in the library. 

This gross oversight in the use 
of logic and reason (which Mr. 
Roberts claims to strive for ), 
can not be overlooked. 
"Christianity" was the first 
institution attacked under the 
heading of "It adds up to 
Death." Just the opposite in the 
case of Christianity is true. 
Christianity means life; it is an 
escape from death. "Christian" 
means Christ-in-one. It does not 
mean the secular institutions of 
"the church." It means a 
personal relationship with 
Jesus Christ. It is a relationship 
that transcends death. Every 
individual can have a personal 
relationship with Jesus because 
Christ is still aHve and all of the 
men throughout history who 
have committed their life to 
Him will not die but have life 
more abundantly than ever 
before. Christ had two com-
mandments. They are 1) Love 
the LordYour God with all your 
heart and with all your soul and 
with all your mind and with all 
your strength" and 2) "Love 
your neighbor as yourself." 

Does Christianity have 
anything to do with death? Of 
course not. It transcends all the 
secular manifestations of 
worldly in~tutions, which 
basically come from the chains 
man forged for himself with his 
own mind, or by god-like 
philosophies such as Herbert 
Marcuse's. Jesus Christ can 
free everyone from these bonds. 
The Bible never says that you 
should be a mindless 
automaton. We are told to love 
God totally, "with all our mind, 
Dot unthinkingly. Christ came to 
free us from our own mental 
restrictions so that we can lead 
the fullest life that we are 
capable of living, (something 
that Marxism as well as 
Capitalism has claimed but has 
been unable to achieve) . Jesus 
Christ can prove his claims of 

triton till1.es 
Editor-in-Chier , . Haywood Gammon 
Cily Editor ..... . . . Carl Neiburger 

~1anagi ng Editor ... , .. Mike K layer 
Copy Editor . .. .... Chuck Graham 
tlusiness 1\1 anager. . . . . . . J err F ri d 
Editorial Director . . Raou I Cont reras 
A ociate City Edilor ... Owen JO} ne r 

foil chin 
Arts Editor ..... ... . Tcrry Barak 
Silort Editor ... .. .. Rocky IInlfoll 
Photography Edi tor . . , . John Zoller 
Contribu ting Editor. .. teve Landau 

N.WI Doportment Art.Oeportment 
Rose o. Co'ta Tom Be.r 
Rod Lorang Jay Gille". 
Robert Miller . Petor Gordon 

Larry Johnson 
John 20ller linda McAli isler 
Ed Boyle Sargun Tont 
Juliano Cinque Artists 
Bobbie Fink Sa rah McKenna 
Bruce Mo rden Allan Sekula 

George Salon; 

Ad"orti.ing 
Deportment 
Mark Trilling 
Susan Cad., 
Molly Sol.in 

Secrotarial St.H 
St.ve Cohen 
Ma rgo VanValken' 

burgh 
frank Ph illipl 
Cliff Past 
Kathy Rust 
Borba ro Simon 
Photography 
Jon Fronek 

AII ' t Monoging Ed. Copy Doportment 
Joe Ea ,t.,n Sharon Weldy 
Cam y Sharick Debbie Maotgamery 
Production Olena Schroeter 
Da.e Buchbinde r Molly Montgom.ry 

The rillTON lIMES i, alfi<ially roc"llniltd and ' "pported as a ,,,,dent n .... 'paper by the Communicatio", Board 
~f the University of California, San Diogo. 8uilding 2SO, MaHhew, Campus, La Jolla . Californ ia 92037. Publication 
" twice wHIIIy on TueKloy, ond fridoYI. Offices Ort Iocoted in room 117. Blak. HolI, an the ~.velle Campul. For 
Ad.ertisine phone 4$3-2000. X t 0 17; for editoriol or news phon. X1016. 

individual freedom and hap-
piness which He offers to 
everyone. 

Mike Roberts, if you insist on 
playing mental games with 
Marcuse and the left then im-
prove your logic and facts. But 
if you are seeking love, justice, 
and freedom in this world then 
turn away from the claims of 
men to the claims of Jesus 
Christ. 

Chuck Rose 

ANOTt-\E:R PoLITICAL I<IDNAPPING 

Who Are The True Patriots? 
Steve Landau 

An integral part of politics in recent years has 
been the labeling game. Everyone has an un-
controllable mania to label everyone else. Once 
this is accomplished, reality becomes a lot easier 
to cope with. 

However, this game is frequently misused. 
Those who asswne labels for themselves often do 
so for ego-satisfaction. Those who give la bels to 
others do so with a derogatory intent, and often 
to justify their own political stances. 

The labeling game leads to a lot of factional 
squabbling. This has especially been true of the 
left, in which labeling is only a symptom of a 
doctrinal intolerance. Unfortunately, the left is 
weakening itself more and more by devoting its 
energy to this game . 

Examines Validity in Labeling Game 
In a series of columns this quarter I would like 

to examine today's political microcosm on 
college campuses. Since the political arguments 
focus on labels, I will be dealing with what is 
valid and invalid in the labeling game. Above all, 
I will maintain that the important thing is 
honesty. As far as labels are an honest indication 
of one's political philosophy, they are in-
dispensable. Otherwise, they can be most 
misleading. 

••••• 

Radicals are becoming conservatives these 
days and, what's more, reactionaries are really 
radicals in disguise. This is going to take a little 
explaining, so bear with me. 

What we need first are some working 
definitions. Some people subject themselves to 
tortuous verbosities in trying to define words. So 
I will avoid a semantic holocaust by sticking to 
some of the more common attributes as they are 
manifested in reality. 

RadJcal can Readlly Accept Change 
The essence of the radical would ideally be a 

sort of flexibility-hopefully open-mindedness-
thaf enables him to readily accept major 
changes. For whatever reason he embraces 
change, the radical is certainly not committed to 
the status quo, and is likely to support greatly 
iconoclastic measures, often aimed at creatiIig a 
utopian society. 

The reactionary, in contrast, "reacts" to 
departures from normalcy merely because it is a 
departure. Change itself is the target. 

One more term needs to be defined at this 
point, and it is conservative. While reactionary is 
basically a derogatory term which no one would 
identify with, many people proudly call them-
selves conservatives. They support the status 
quo, usually because they believe that its 
sustained longevity proves that it is worthwhlle. 
Or perhaps they have a vested interest in its 
preservation. 

Think of the movement, the " r(ldiclib ." Are 
they against the status quo ? Against the im-
mediate status quo , yes. But when you come 
right down to it, the left is hearkening back to a 
status quo of 1776, or at least to the theory of 
early America . The left talks' in terms of 
repressive acts being "unconstitutional." The 
courts, despite receiving some abuse , are 
generally looked to for vindication. Leftist 
rhetoric is always phrased In terms of "rights" 
being "taken away." Thus, it is asswned that 
these rights were once, or theoretically are, 
guaranteed by American doctrines. 

Yesterday's Brainchildren are Today's Radicals 
We like to talk of the brainwashing that occurs 

in high school, and the propaganda of high school 
civics classes. But it 's no accident that many of 
today 's radicals were yesterday's precocious 
brainchildren, who probably got straight A's in 
civics . The point IS that we actually digested 
what we learned there. Because we did, we've 
become all the more cynical when we see that 
the dream is still that-a dream, and not a 
reality. 

What today's youth is really saying is that they 
want to hold America to her end of the bargain. 
Let's really make America the land of the free . 

A Look to the Right 
Look at the reactionary right, though. They're 

making some of the most radical attacks on the 
America we love. Consider the D.C. Cr' ,.c Bill, 
just passed during the swnmer. Doesn't "no-
knock" infringe upon "the right of the people to 
be secure in their persons, houses.,," (Amend-
ment IV). And doesn't preventive detention go 
against due process (Amendment V). How about 
Nixon's attempts to control the press? Or, police 
singling out undesirables (i.e. minorities and 
long-haired youth) for selective harassment? 

The right's attack on the Constitution and the 
Bill of Rights has become so radical, that arch-
conservative, strict constructionist Senator Sam 
Ervin of South Carolina led the fight against the 
D.C. crime Bill, in a coalition with liberals. 

Flag-burning Is an Immature Action 
The right is trying to promote the impression 

that they have a corner on patriotism. Mean-
while, the left is aiding the right in this ri!KJff. 
The right is ripping off our flag and our America. 
And we're letting them. Flag-burning and the 
like is not only an immature political action, but 
not a very shrewd one either. 

What does flag-burning do? It taunts those who 
are offended by it, while those who politically 
agree say, "Right on." Have we gained 
anything? Any converts? The flag is a hollow 
symbol, especially for what it represents to us 
now- the war, racism, unfulfill&! promises, etc. 
But isn't the counter-symbolism of degrading the 
flag just as hollow? 

Nader's 'Year-old' Words Ring True 
When Ralph Nader came to UCSD last year he 

told us that we've let the Right steal our symbols. 
Over a year later, as things polarize further and 
we watch Agnew further attempt to discredit the 
youth, and tiJereby "divide and conquer," 
Nader's words ring true again. 

Actually. though, it's more than a matter of 
who has the sYrrbols. We've let them convince us 
that they have the hegemony on the true 
Americanism. Ti ey've led many of us to believe 
that we have to estroy America and construct 
something new. 

Am rIca may not IJv up to what It hould be, 
nor perhaps has it ever. However, the left, on its 
words and actions, implicitly r tognize most 
most of the concepts as being essentiall valid. 
The basic constitutional framework ('ould ev n 
withstand the radical change in socio-economic 
conditions that many envision. 

What I now of top priority is re-estabLishing 
the dream. To do this we ought to get our 
political analysis straight and realize that many 
of the docwnents of America aren't all that bad. 

After all, who are really the true patriots? 



"We've Got to Get Ourselves Back to the Garden." 
-Joni Mitchell 

Owen Joyner 
Associate City Editor 

Around universities the inevitable question often 
asked is "What field are you in? " Well , if you work in 
the organic garden at UC D, you probably wouldn' t 
answer, "High energy physics," or " Biochemi try;" 

bu~ instead might point to the northeast corner of the 
campus and say, "That field ." You'd be referring, of 
course, to the organic garden, where vegetables and 
fruits are grown without the aid of pesticides and 
other inorganiC chemicals. 

The garden was a project of an ecology-c~nscious 
student action group, called the Bu eau of 
Environment Design (BED), which was formed last 
year. Almost a year old now, the garden has outlasted 
BED, which has since become defunct. Meanwhile, 
the garden has given its workers the chance to 
experience some of the vicissitudes of farmlife . From 
waging a frustrating mind war against ruthless 
ground squirrels, who "eat anything that 's green," to 
harvesting and eating cool sweet watermelon, the 
gardeners have known both the good and the bad 
times. 

The idea originated from a course ' in 
communications taught by Bill Wilde last fall. One of 
the projects undertaken by the class was an attempt 
to develop a viable alternative life-style to the 
industrialized, technologized contemporary way of 
life. Thus BED was created , and out of it, some 
students came up with the idea of a university garden 
for growing organic vegetables. This was 
accompanied by ~isions of forming an eventual 
r.ommune. 

There were about 10 people at the garden's 
inception performing the difficult task of setting up 
the garden on an acre plot which the University 

allowed them for use. The tedious beginning involved 
tilling the ground with the only available piece of 
equipment-an old rusting plow. An extensive 
plumbing system had to be installed to divert water 
from pipes which lay under the nearby freeway . 
Twenty-five tons of free chicken manure was obtained 
in Escondido to fertilize the soil. Finally the planting 
began . 

The gardeners planted potatoes, corn, tomatoes, 
carrots, lettuce, melons, squash, Swiss chard , 
soybeans, radishes and sunflowers. Here is where the 
garden's only rule came in . The gardeners agreed that 
no one was to plant any marijuana. 

The early days were rough going for the farmers . 
Rabbits and ground squirrels pillaged the crops late at 
night. A fence was built around the garden, but it had 
to be made more elaborate, as the little pillagers 
managed to find subterranean passageways along 
which to make their midnite "munchie" runs. The 
situation became particularly disappointing with 
regard to the soybean crop. Soybeans are a rich 
source of protein, and consequently, a staple food 
substance for the vegetarian, many of the gardeners 
being vegetarians. According to one of the gardeners, 
however the soybeans "never got over two inches tall. 
They were all eaten." 

During the summer, the gardeners did ma nage to 
harvest some of the corn, tomatoes, melons and 
chard . Planting continued this fa ll. students thinking 
up different ways to outwit the garden predators 
without resorting to dangerous chemicals. Some of 
the garden's originators have since lost interest in the 
garden, but for the most part they are replaced by 
recently enthused health food seekers. 

Thus, the organic garden lives on. Curiously, it 
appears to be a symbol of the dramatic return of 
twentieth-century technology children to serve 
Mother Earth. 

1 

~ 
~ 
Q 
~ 

~ 
~ 
r./) 

~ Q' 
Q 
Q.. 

~ 
Q 
I 

Q 
~ 
•• 

Q.. 
~ 

~ 

9 
~ 
., 

Q.. 
~ 
~ 

~ 
= ~ 
., 

~ 
~ 

~ 
r./) 

~ 
~ 
~ 
.-. 

~ 

Q 
= 

ph"I"S by J im Hupp"1 

co-op from myth to reality 
The Del Mar People's Food is a cooperative 

formed in response to the high prices of super-
market food, and a general feeling that there is a 
scarcity of non-poisoned food . 

Conceived over a bottle of Red Mountain Wine, 
the idea of a food cooperative was the result of a 
rap on the gap between thought and action. A 
group of Del Mar Degenerates followed up their 
idea, and set up a table in Revelle Plaza to in-
terest students in the plan. As more people got 
behind the idea, shares were sold for ten dollars 
apiece, and donations were collected. UCSD's AS 
presented a $400 gift to the prospective co-op. 

As a preliminary fund-raiser, a People's Pot 
was held in Del Mar. Although not many bucks 
were made, the happening was a merry one. 
Perhaps part of the gaiety stemmed from a pot 
filled with 192%ethyl alcohol. The Pot turned into 
a melee of free food, drink, and music. UCSD 
Police Chief Torrence and Resident Dean Ernest 
Mort came out and asked who was responsible, 
Met with, "Everyone is responsible!", they 
departed from the scene. 

The Degenerates also co-sponsored a dance, 
which made $80. 

UCSD's Hard Luck Boys staged an all-<iay-
and-part-of-the-night dance which successfully 
wound up the fund raising events. 

Del Mar was the area originally chosen for the 
co-op, but because no low-rent buildin~ could be 
located, an old motel on Highway 101 1D Solana 
Beach was selected. After the floors were 
scraped, shelves built, walls painted, and fur-
niture and refrigerator acquired, the Health 
Inspector gave the official OK. The People's 

Food Co-op was "in business," so to speak. 
People volunteer to work four hours a week. 

Work schedules are revised during vacation 
periods, to accomodate students. Stocking 
shelves, repairing broken locks and window~ , 
and cleaning up the store are all part of the 
working scene. 

The Co-op has found it necessary to hire one 
long-hair, for an undetermined number of hours 
each week to keep track of orders and to attend 
to the meager amount of bookwork. 

Food mark-up varies from between 0-20%, 
quite a switch from the conventional super-
markets and health-food stores, where it ranges 
from 0-200%, The money received from mark-ups 
goes to pay for the rent, fire insurance, and the 
various other bureaucratic necessities. 

Two hundred dollars is the average monthly 
deficit. But this is due partially to three rob-
beries, underweighing, and untimely liberation 
of food from the store. Although the food store is 
riding on. the financial edge, things are looking 
up. Everyone involved looks forward to the day 
when one month's bills can be paid with the same 
month's money. So far, no new debts have ap-
peared, and no Co-op checks have bounced. 

The People's Food Cooperative is the first step 
in the Del Mar Degenerates' vision of building a 
new community. The step, they say, is to cut out 
one level of capitalistic exploitation. The second, 
and more important, is to create a self-sufficient 
community which protects the interests and 
weUare of the people it serves. A combination 
coffee shop and theatre, a gas station, and a free 
school may be the next steps, although money, as 
ever, is the problem . 

,.(~~ ~,. 
\I.)\~ 
~'m~-

~ \'ea .. s.Y 

JlnHry 5, 1'71 Triton Times P ... 5 



SPORTS 
WRITERS 
NEEDED 

******** 

see 

ROCKY 

triton 
times 
office 

UCSD 3·Q 

Tritons Romp in Havvaii 
Rocky Halfon 
Sports Editor 

Mter long hOW's of painful fund-raising, the 
Triton basketball team finally got to go to 
Hawaii. As it turned out, the games and the 
vacation were highly rewarding. 

Arriving in Honolulu on Dec. 15, the Tritons 
were greeted by 40 warm Hawaiians, including 
Miss Honolulu, who presented the team with leis. 
This proved to be a real boost for the team, since 
on the following day the Tritons trounced the 
University of Hawaii at Hilo, 97~7 . 

Playing to a crowd of about 1,500 finals-taking 
students, the Tritons treated the home crowd to a 
brilliant exhibition of "run" and "shoot," two of 
the ten commandments of coach Barry 
Cuningham, Following his orders to the letter, 
the Tritons played magnificent ball, shooting a 
remarkable 60 per cent from the floor. Brian 
Todd, giving the natives a hint of what he was up 
to, put in 11 of 13 from the floor, en route to a 26-
point night. Freshman Steve Houlk contributed 
20, and rounded off a good basketball night for 

. the Tritons. 
The second game against Chamenad College 

proved to be a bit harder. Mter a sickening 
airplane trip (which grounded forward Steve 
Houlk) the Tritons were treated to some very 
rustic accommodations. They were placed in 
Pearl Harbor base, in what one player called at 
best very raunchy rooms. Somewhat affected by 
the trip, the UCSD five were held rather c1osel~ 

I 

in the first half, as Cbamenad managed to trail 
only by four. Mter halftime, however, and a good 
talk from the coach the team went on to a breezy 
90-75 win. 

The final game, against Church College of 
Hawaii, turned out to be (oh how trite) the icing 
on th2 cake. Shooting an incredible 50 per cent, 
the Tritons pulverized Church. llt-M. Placing 
six men in double figures, theTritons decided the 
game almost in the first half, as Brian Todd 
managed to score 24 in the first half. The out-
come of the game can be seen in many statistics, 
one of the most pleasing of which was the 
rebounding, in which we had a 70-38 bulge. 

All in all the trip was pleasurable, aside from a 
few inconveniences at Pearl Harbor. The team 
managed to frolick on and off the court. The 
Fulato brothers, led by the big bird, came back 
with mind-boggling stories of Miss England, 
volcanoes, waves, girls, girls, and girls. One of 
the things that impressed the San Diego guys the 
most on the road trip, obviously, wasn't the 
opposition's abilities ; but rather the large 
following which the teams attracted. Playing 
before average crowds of about 1200, the Tritons 
responded with good games. It seems that it was 
a combination of two things which lead to the 
UCSD victories ; 1) The Tritons seem to have 
finally gotten it together; 2) it appears that they 
enjoy and respond to crowds. 

IIIL SHD AD SALESMEN NEEDED 
The Look: 
CALCULATING 
The Slacks: 

No-iron solids. stripes and 
sa to 59 I pllr ! 

REBEL 
SHOP 

PLAZA CAMINO REAL 
CARLSBAD 

(Metro Ticket Agency) 
FASHION VALL" · 

see Jeff Fried 
TRITON TIMES OFFICE 

Grossmont Center Million Valley Center 

THERE'S NO ~EAVlE~ 6U~DEN 
TAAN A G~EAT POTENTIAL! 

INIRAMURAL 
REVIEW BOARD 

The following is an outline of the Board will be the 
the proposed Intramural remainder of the academic 
Review Board. Its purposes year. A member may repeat on 
are: the Board and any vacancies 

1. Review intramural will be filled from those 
regulations and programs and applicants not chosen. 
make recommendations for The Board will consist of nine 
improvement. members selected as follows : 

2. Hear and determine all 1. Members will be chosen at 
petitioned protests. • random from interested and 

3. Review the referees and qualified applicants. 
make decisions as to their 2. Two members from each 
competency. It will have the college will be chosen. . 
power to remove referees if it 3. A representative from the 
deems them incompetent or Associated Students. 
overtly biased. 4. Two graduate students also 

To qualify for the Intramural to be chosen at random. 
Review Board, applicants The Board will observe the 
must: following guidelines: 

I . Be active eligible I. Will meet at least once a 
participants in intramurals as quarter. 
either players or officials. 2. No two members of the 

2. Submit their appli~a lions Board shall be on the same 
prior to the third week of team. 
second quarter. (The Board for 3. No Board member will 
1971 will be selected by hear a protest that involves his 
January 18. 1971 ). The term for team. 

w Jolla 
·i~Ltt.tS 
hktt 

2259 AftIIldl DE LA PLAYA 

Pbone 459 - 3465 

Groc,r',s, 
Prod,c., 
••• 's, W,., , I.,r 

Express your 
ideas 

in 
TRITON TIMES 
Send lette" 

and columns to 
Editorial Director; 

TRITON TIMES 
117 Blake Hall 

UCSD 

POSSIBILITI"ES 
New Comedy 
Opens at Old Globe 

The theatrical new year will 
bloom with one of the most 
popular comedies of the last 
decade. Comic writer Jean 
Kerr 's " Mary, Mary" will open 
Jan. 5 on stage at the Old Globe 
Theatre in Balboa Park. A five 
week run has been scheduled 
with performances nightly 
except Monday through Feb. 7.-
Sunday matinees will be 
presented Jan . 10 and 24 at 2 
p.m. 

Playwright Jean Kerr is best 
known for her books Please 
Don't Eat tbe Daisies, The 
Snake Has All The Lines, and 
the new best seller Penny 
Candy. 

"Mary, Mary" is a marital 
comedy of young moderns. On 
the verge of a final divorce. 
Bob and Mary are scheduled 
for an important last meeting. 
They must verify certain 
expenses for their joint tax 
returns. Bob is a stable young 
publisher unable to compete 
with Mary's bubbling sense of 

humor. 
A handsome but fading film 

idol appears hoping that Bob 
will publish his Hollywood 
recollections. The attractive 
star attempts to lure Mary to 
an out·of-town film premiere . 
Bob has his own romantic 
involvement with a jet'setting 
health food fiend whom he 
plans to marry. 

Flora Richards plays the title 
role . with Bob Kuhne as her 
nearly-divorced hu band . 
Jenifer Henn is the wealthy girl 
friend and Chuck Shields is the 
aging movie star. The sharp-
tongued tax attorney is Norval 
B. Rader. "Mary, Mary" is 
staged by guest director 
Charles Jerrers, with the New 
York apartment setting and 
costumes designed by Peggy 
Kellner. 

Students through college may 
purchase reserved seat tickets 
at a 40 per cent discoun t. 
Reduced price student tickets 
for $1.50 are available for all 
performances except Saturday 
nights. Advance re ervations 
are available at 239-2255. 

Flora Ricllards plays tbe ti tle role of a divorcee attempting to 
reclaim ber busband's affections in " Mary, Mary", tbe 
sparlding comedy playing on stage at tbe Old Globe Tbeatre In 
Balboa Park, nigbtly except Monday tbrougb February 7. 

GROUP-DISCOUNTED 
AUTO INSURANCE 

GRA-~"" 

GUARANrUD 'lACEMENT 
Plocement Guofonl •• d regardlt" 

of driVing (<<ord 

mlum h pe;d 
I£IUHII 

TIe ttm poliCY IS In .fiect the 
In,ured ,'udent I' onured of hi, 
compliance With ,h. Siote of Colt' 
ornlO Finonc.lol Re'pon\lb,I"y lo .... 

lor ,nlormolion CAll (71 ' ) 583·9393 
CSIS 5090 College Ave., No 1 

Son Oi~o, Colil . 92115 

Student _ identification is 
required when purchasing 
discount tickets. 

Mozart Program to 

It's Howdy 
Doody Time 

Open Symphony 
New Year 

Who could ever forget 
Buffalo Bob Smith? Obviously, 
he is recalled with joy by those 
who remember the antics, the 
songs. the good old days of the 
Howd y Doody Show on 
television . 

, ..... ..... •.• ................... \ ....... . 

Lili Kraus , internationally-
famed pianist, will appear with 
the San Diego Symphony 
Orchestra at Civic Theatre 
Jan. 7 and 8 for an all-Mozart 
program. 

The contrasting colors and 
moods of "Serenata Notturna," 
Serenade NO. 6 in D Major, will 
open the 1971 season. This 
elaborately scored work . 
written in 1776, may have been 
composed for a festive 
occasion in the pa lace of the 
Archbishop of Salzburg; in any 
event, it was created for an 
important event. 

Madame Krau s premieres 
with the Concerto for Piano 
and Orchestra in G-Major , 
K.453. Mozart created this 
beautifully lyrical work 
especially for his talented pupil 
Babette Ployer. who gave the 
original performance. Mozart 
wrote it at her parents' country 
home in Dobling and in a letter 
to her. calling it " her new 
concerto. " 

Today , he's packing them in 
on college campuses all over 
the country as he brings back 
with renewed vigor and charm 
all the memorabilia of 
yesterday. lie will appear at 
UCSD, tomorrow night in the 
Revelle Cafeteria. 

Buffalo Bob recalls with 
pleasure one plane trip when he 
was enroute to New Jersey for 
a college appearance. When the 
young stewardess recognized 
him, she a ked if it was his 
famous Howdy Doody suit she 
had just hung up for him. When 
he said it wa , she gleefully 
took the jacket ou t of its plastic 
bag, put it on and paraded up 
and down the aisle . announcing 
that Buffalo Bob Smith was 
aboard. and on his wav to 
perform at Fairleigh·Dickinson 
University. 

Another instance that 
remains firmly impre sed on ,. 
his mind wa a period when he 
was hospitalized at the height The Concerto for Piano and 

Orchestra o. 20 in D Minor, 
K.466, was Mozart's first 
concerto written in the minor 
key. It mood is reminiscent of 
"Don Giovanni ," cast in the 
same key and written in 1787. 
In thi work Mozart seemed to 
be writing for himself instead 
of his plea ure-Ioving audience. 
There is dramatic tension in 
the two outer movements and a 
breaking of traditional 
concepts of composition for the 
public of that period. The 

of his popularity. " 1 literally 
received bags and -bags of mail 
each day," he said. " but the 
thing that touched me most of 
all was receiving an original 
prayer that had been composed 

•••••••••••• •• •••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

by each tudent in a parochial 
school. It had been part of their 
religious assignment for that 
day." 

Who could ever forget 
Buffalo Bob mith? urely not 
the ones who loved him in the 
early days. 

soloist is set again t the ... ______ ___ ... 
orchestra . Darkly lyrical 
themes keep their distance and 
the orchestra never overtakes 
the piano's first theme or the 
second half of the second 
theme. This is a highly 
dramatic work with 
movements of limpid beauty 

COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANK 
327 F St. 

PAYS DONORS 
for sel'Yice 

underscored by a sense of l"ue. thru Fri. 
foreboding. 9:30 - 7:30 

Tickets for both the Jan. 7 
and 8 concerts are available at Sat. 9:30 - 5:30 
the Civic Theatre Box Office Closed Sun. &. Mon. 
and a t all Metro Ticket 233 - 8328 
Agencies. &.._-.....;~...;.;.;..;.---..I 

~ 
FREE ~ NI1tJ 

ADMISSION 

~eatwe • ..... 'rom bu. in, .. co,d. 10 brocnurt. 

p r iJ!!J! gs.~,::::~::::.::~:;;: ... 
~ ~ 617 Purl St. La J.II. 4S9-49 

D'Asa1'"o 

Got Something To Say? 
TIle editorial pages of tbe TRITON TIMES are open to 

tlae entire UDi~ersity community. If you feel tbe paper is 
too liberal or too coDwrvltive, why not belp to try aDd 
chaage its direction. If you feel cerWD issues or 
viewpoints \lave beeD igDOred or de-emphasiud why Dot 
express tbem your~U. Tbe TRITON TIMES seeks 
articles expressing tbe views of J.dividuals and 
orgaDbatioDs, st. deats aDd faculty, aDd admiaistratiol 
and col cerDecl citizens. If you feel your writiag ability i. 
equal to some of oar columnists tbe opportunity Ie 
coatri",te on a regular basis is also opeD. All poteatlal 
columai.ts s~uld CODtact tbe editorial director; 
iDdividual .rticles of opiDion bould be seat or delivered 
to tbe same. How well we reflect tbe UDiver jty caD be 
determined oDly througb fee-dbact from oar readers. 
You CAD.nd sbould criticize 01 commeDcl .DY part of tbe 
paper througb letters-to-tbe-edltor. 

~ ~~GW~t~&? ~ A dearth of • 
POE ; .' 1. 

:bm~! J 
Tau 
your poem . 
Weprlnl 
Art Dept. 


