
Ed Butler drinks "Mountain 
Red Wine" with students .. . 

Ed Butler served as San Diego's city 
attorney for five years, from 1964 to 
1969. He has been a successful 
attorney, as weU as a successful 
businessman; he is the vice president 
and manager of Electro Instruments, 
Inc. Using his knowledge of business 
economics and the San Diego city legal 
system, Butler plans to run the city as 
a business without the waste found 
within " super agencies" that have a 
multitude of bureaucrats. Ed Butler 
led the drive to preserve the Torrey 
Pines. Governor Reagan appointed 
him to serve on the Commission on 
Home Rule. The attorney general 
appointed him to serve on the 
Commission on Obscenity, and the 
President of the University of 
California, Charles Hitch, appointed 
him to the Commission on the Isla 
Vista Riots. 

The following questions were 
answered by Butler in his press 
conference. 

(1) "What do you consider to be the 
'major ' issue in this election?" 

(Butler didn 't address himself to any 
one main issue, though he did address 
himself to the problem of urban 
sprawl,) Butler : "Most of us who are 
concerned about urban sprawl see 
these subdivisions booming out (75 
quare miles of land to the north of San 

Diego ), until there is a blanket of 
single - family residences and parking 
lots and streets and parks and it just 
looks like Los Angeles alJd Orange 
County. The shape of your future . And 
that's bad. The city doesn't own the 75 
square miles : private individuals own 
it... so they're concerned really about 
how much 'dough ' they can make on 
this thing. 

"The answer to thi s i that they can 
introduce an ethic into their corpOrate 
decision - making proceeds that takes 
the environment and ecology,. into 
account. That when private 
enterprisers and ~velopers saw the 
impacl of development on the ecology. 
that they have a social obligation to the 
community at large to ay . 'Hey, that's 
a lousv deal !' And they should fall back 
and group and reorganize lhe plan and 
the plot and th subdivision to take that 
thing into account. " 

(2) "Do you feel that police/student 
relationships are atisfactory in an 
Diego?" 

'Top' People into Community 
Ed Butler . .. No thev aren't 

sati factor~' ! A mayor the first thing 
I'd do is get the Chief of pol ice out of 
tbe city hall . He has an office right 
next to the city ma.nager and he is a 
department head. He is nine floors off 
the ground : nine floors away from the 
peopl . I'd g t him out of that office 
and I'd get him back in the field with 
the police officers. And I'd have the top 
and enior guys of that department out 

Chuck Rose 

in the community talking and looking 
and listening and getting the inputs. 

"They've been in an ivory tower for a 
long time and I think that we need the 
top people in the department to be in 
that community and to get those inputs 
and to see what's really happening out 
there, because they are good guys. 
They really are. They're honest, 
sincere ; they are motivated. They 
want to be good officers. They want to 
do a good job for the city. But they've 
got this terrible problem about if they 
go down into the community they 're 
fearful that they 'll lose that prestige 
and that authority when they begin to 
'rap' with people." 

(3) " What stand do you take on the 
latest move by the State Legislature to 
ban hitch-hiking in California?" 

Ed Butler : " I really think without 
being terribly serious about it that we 
ought to have a law compelling people 
to pick-up hitchhikers. It would be the 
greatest answer to the transportation 
problem there ever was! Here I ' tool' 
down the street in 6,000 pounds of 
metal that could carry five guys, and 
I'm afraid to pick you up because of so 
many of the rapes , the robberies, the 
murders and other things. But that 
would be a great solution to the urban 
transportation problem, if people who 
had cars felt safe in stopping and 
picking up people who needed a ride. 
But we're scared ..... " 

On Collelte Housing Problems 

(4) " As mayor, what would you do to 
help relieve some of the housing 
problems that confront a great number 
of local college students, such as high 
rents and poorly maintained housing in 
Pacific Beach, Ocean Beach and 
Mission Beach?" 

Ed Butler : " I don 't know that a 
mayor could do very much about fixing 
rents. By California law, the cities 
have this big problem about fixing 
rents. I think the mayor could get a 
hold of the city attorney's office to 
receive complaints about landlord 
gouging (the refusal of landlords to 
return cleaning deposits, etc ... ). What 
you need is a bridge between the 
mayor 's office and yourselves. You 
don 't really know this maze of city hall 
and the bureaucracy down there. By 
this mayor's council for youth you 
would become informed about the 
different remedies you have about 
stuff like this; you could go to the 
agency in the city. We'd ha e one or 
two staff people working fulltime for 
this council in the city. and they could 
receive the e reports and complaints 
and then run it to the right bureau -
like legal aid . to bring action." 

"Wouldn 't that add up to just more 
red tape?" 

.. It might. but you 've got to institu-
tionalize these thing ." 

Ed Butler started off his press 
conferenc~ by announcing his plan for 
a "Mayor Council for Youth ." He 
ummarized it in the following 

manner : 
" We called thi s press conference. 

not for youth. but for the citizens of San 
Diego .. to tell you about the Mayor's 
Council for Youth. which when I'm 
elected we're going to immediately put 
into effect. It will cut across a 
spectrum of San Diego schools and San 
Diego communities. and it's going to 
be a council of vouth that will be 
available to advise me and the city 
admini tration concerning the impact 
of the programs and policies of the 
city upon the youth of San Diego. which 
for too long has been neglected. and for 
too long has not been involved. 
c rtainly in local politics." 

Ed Butler is a graduate of Gorge 
Wa hington University and Harvard 
Law School. 

W 
h 
o 

9 
e 
t 
5 
t 
h 
e 
s 
t 
u 
d 
e 
n 
t 
v 
o 
t 
e 
? 
• 

Pete Wilson likes to pick up 
hitchhikers who are students .. . 
~ ............................................. ,ChuckRo5e 

Pete Wilson is a 38-year-old San 
Diegan who has served as an 
assemblyman to the State Legislature, 
where he has accumulated what his 
supporters claim is an outstanding 
record. He was requested by President 
Nixon to serve on the nation's 15-
member Advisory Committee on 
Environmental Quality, and is the 
recipient of the " Audub on 
Conservation Award," presented by 
the national Audubon Society" in 
recogn i ti on of outsta ndin g 
achievement in the conservation of our 
national resources." 

Wilson has authored " no-bust" 
legislation that requires "police with 
authority to release from custody and 
deliver to treatment, persons under the 
influence of drugs, found while on 
route to treatment, with provision that 
the record shows Detention rather than 
Arrest. " Wilson has also authored bill 
in planning and land use that require 
sub-dividers to provide space for 
schools. He has also written legislation 
dealing with landlord - tenant law 
reform and an another bill requiring 
merchants who advertise in Spanish to 
provide Spanish language contracts. 

The following questions were 
answered by Pete Wilson in his press 
conference: 

(1) "What do you consider to be the 
major issue in this election?" 

Pete Wilson : " The number one issue 
is growth and how do we control it. And 
specifically, the necessity at this time 
to actually impo e controls on 
development. San Diego is really at a 
crossroads. In the past the city has 
annexed great areas of land with the 
intention of developing them. But if we 
actually control the development, 
those annexations wi11 turn out to b 
very beneficial becau e they will be a 
buffer and provide orne 'open' pace ' 
(recreational areas) so that we don't 
just become another extension of 
Orange County, which i a distinct 
possibility. And that to me is really the 
challenge of the next four year ." 

New Chief a Good One! 
(2) "Do you feel that police/student 

relation hips are satisfactory in San 
Diego?" 

Pete Wilson: " Oh, I don 't know that 
they're ever satisfactory : they're 
never all that you want them to be. But 
I will say thi . the new chief here i nol 
only a good police officer and one who 
came up through the ranks and has 
earned the respect of all of his men. 
but he is in addition to being smart and 
tough. smart in another way. He i 
sen itive to the nece ity to improve 
relations.... Since he ha come in I 
have no led all kind of innovations. 

They actually tell the people on a 
beat ca r: 'We want you to pend at 
least an hour today getting out of the 
car and going into the area that you 
serve - like go into a hopping center 
and meet all the people that you erve. 
Tell them that you're there to help.' 

Editors Note : 

They are really making an effor t 
so .... There is no need at all for them to 
ever be abusive or discourteous." 

(3) "What stand do you take on the 
latest move by the state legislature to 
ban hitch - hiking in California? " 

Pete Wilson : .. Hitch - hiking i an 
economic necessity for a lot of young 
people, and I've done a lot of it my elf 
and given a lot of rides. But it does 
scare me to death when I realize that 
there are sick people out and literally 
just cruising along trying to pick up 
people like the young O'Connor girl. 
Maybe men don't have to worry about 
it so much. I'm not particularly 
concerned, because they can take care 
of themselves, but I do worry about 
girl hitch - hiker . I'm not so sure that 
an officer coming along and suggesting 
to them that it is a bad idea is going to 
make a whole lot of difference. I don 't 
know wha t the answer is .... " 

Hou Ing tandard Exi ts 
(4) "A mayor what would you do to 

help relieve some of the housing 
problems that confront a great number 
of local college tudents . uch as high 
rents and poorly maintained hou ;np in 
Pacific Beach, Ocean Beach and 
Mis ion Beach? 

Pete Wil on : "There i a tandard. 
not for price, becau e there you would 
have to control the market and what 
p ople can a k for in terms of what 
they're offering. There is a standard in 
the law a to the condition of the 
premise . And if lhe plumbin breaks 
down and if you complain to the 
landlord and he doesn 't do anythmg 
about it. then you have got cau e to 
complain to the city and have them 
come out and 'red tag ' him Make him 
do it You can either complain to the 
county health authoritie or th city 
buildi'ng department and they wiil 
actually come out and make the guy 
correct them." 

Pete WII on graduated from th 
DIver Ity of Ca liforma at B rkeley 

Law chool 

Recalling old memories of ipping "Mountain Red Wine" ( ic) 
with tudents in I la Vi ta (Butler) and of picking up hitch-
hiker ,( Wi! on ), Ed Butler and Pete Wi! on held eparate new 
conference to bring the is ue to the college and high chool 
students in an Diego. Di cus ing uch things a police 
hara ment and housing problem , the candidate for mayor 
sought to draw the young voting block to their re pective 
cau e , November 2 marks the culmination of the long and 
omewhat chaotic race for mayor in an Diego. The voter will 

either elect Pete Wil on or Ed Butler to r place incumbent 
Mayor Frank Curran. 

News Flash 
The tate Assembly ye terday 
passed a pay Increase bill for 
UC faculty member . The 
"2% lacrease blll llOW ,HI to 
Gov. Reapn for III lpature. triton ti 

Volume 14, Num ber 10 University of California, San Diego Friday , October 29, 1971 



TA's organize AFT locql 
An organizational meeting of the UCSD Research and 

Teaching Assistants' Local has been called for tonight at 5 p.m. 
in the Revelle Informal Lounge. The meeting has been called 
due to feelings among TA's and RA's as expressed in a recent 
questionnaire which cited the need for such an organization. 

The claim of the organization is that both working and 
unemployed graduate students have no control over 
employment practices at UCSD or over their "specific working 
situation". As a result of this lack of control , teaching 
assistants and research assistants have had to endure poor 
working conditions which make effective teaching and 
research difficult. 

Some of the compla ints cited by the organization include the 
following facts : The inflation rate in San Diego is rapidly 
rising. yet TA salaries have remained constant ; although 
undergraduate population has increased by nearly 50 per cent, 
the number of FTE TA 's has increased by only 24 per cent from 
1969 to 1972, resulling in overcrowded sections and elimination 
of positions; little attention is given to matching the TA to his 
assignment in terms of his interests and qualifications and 
sometimes the TA does not receive his assignment until so far 
into the quarter that he cannot be well prepared for it. 

Since individual protests concerning these and other 
employment-related problems have generally been futile . 
it ha been proposed to establisit a local of the American 
Federation of Teachers which would include employed TA 's 
and RA·s. 

For further information, contact Dan LaBotz. 3827 Mirama r , 
Apt C. La Jolla . m -1436. 

(areer plann ing plans careers 
The Career Education Planning Services is continuing its 

series of informal "rap" sessions. getting together students 
with similar interests for the purpose of discussing career 
opportunities in their fields. 

In addition. the "Outreach" program of the department is 
about to go into effect as well. This is based upon the results of 
the CAREER/ VOCATIO AL INTEREST CARDS which were 
filled out by 4005 undergraduate students this ye~r (an increase 
of over 1000 students from last year. demonstrating the greater 
concern with economics and career planning). On the basis of 
the compiled results of the individual interests. CEPS will be 
able to reach out to students and provide them with 
information within th eir specialized areas. 

The breakdown shows the broad spectrum of interest here at 
UCSD: pre med 1042 interested students ; pre dental 205 ; other 
health fie lds 374 : marine biology/ocea nography 951; 
engineering 339 ; computer icience 57S ; pre law 644 : teaching 
credentials 1086 : college teaching 332 ; Graduate admissions 
967; education abroa d 807 ; urban development 355: 
busmesslfinance 269 : human welfare 754: public services 410 : 
environmental services 779: other write ID interests 713. 0 
one IS alone in his interest and CEPS i providing the 
opportunity for these student to get together and fi nd out 
about the employment opportu nitie in their interest area . 

The se Ions for the remai nder of the qua rter are ' 
Nov I : Cornmg Glass Works (call ext. 2401 for a ppointment I. 

United States Coast Guard - TV lounge - new Muir 
Apts 
WoodcarVing -3-5 p.m. Tioga Hall '1st floor lounge. 

Nov .4· " How to Market Your Art" - Ma!1hew Commons -7-9 
p.m 
" Weaving for Bread" -Tioga Hall Lounge -4-5 p.m. 

Nov. 5: Teaching credential Information - Revelle Informal 
Lou nge -3·5 p.m. 

ov. 10: Hugh('s Aircraft Company - Call x2401 for 
appomtments . ) 
Care('rs In Community college teaching - Revell 
Formal Lounge - 3-5 p.m, 

Nov II ' Ca reers in Oc an sCiences - H veil Formal Lounge -
3-5 pm . 

Nov. 15 General DynamiCs (call x2401 for appoimment l. 
ov. 16' Westinghou e Electric Company (call x2401 for 

appointment I 
New York Li fe Insurance Co. (call x2401 for 
appointment I 
'Llf In a Commun in Hawaii " - Tioga lIall . MU ir - 3-

5 p.m. 
Nov. 17 UCLA Graduate announcement program to talk to 

stud nts of ethnic minority or economically 
disadva ntaged back~f()und about teaching assistant 
fellowships - Informal Lounge Revelle - All da y. 
Na llona l Ocea mc and Atmosphenc Commissioned 
OJ fj(: r Corps - envlronmenta I studies t call x2401 1 

.. rp ntry and woodfi nishi ng -3-5 p rn 
Nov. 18 M:Glellan Airforce Base civilian employment (call 

x: 4 for appointment ) 
€ Jt olae foreign mi SSIOn soc let~·. candidat for 
pI I thood (call x240) for appoi nmenU . University 

LJt~eran (,hurch -7 p.m. 
Nov 19 T fa h lnp' "rprtcnLJal mlormation - R velie Informal 

L Junge. 3-5 p m 
Nov 22 Esta bllshmg an antique shop - Tioga Hall. 1st floor 

II urjj!c -3-5 p.m 
Nov 2:1 . E stli bllshl ng a ;-.iurserl' co-op school - Revelle 

I If rma l Loung 3-5 p.m 
Nov 30 SJooalma kmg. Tioga Hall 3-5 p.m. 
Dec 1 !' dll1ls"lOn r qUlr ment f r Sta nford I call x2401 for 

appomtment. I 
RAP SESS IONS on anything. Wednesdays and Mondays in the 
Revelle afeteria 

For further details rega rding any of thes events. off ring 
volum er work, or ugge tion for futu re s sSlons. call xl. 
2401 or go to th 6th fl oor. bUlldlDg 20 . Muir Keep your eye on 
the announ m nl p ge of TT for w kly announcements of 
th vent , 

Page 2 Triton Times October 29. 1971 

Reagan cuts U( Libraries' funds 
Library hours have been drastically 

reduced this year at 311 UC campuses 
because of a $ 75 million budget cut. 
Despite this cut, UCSD librarian 
Melvin Voigt says he will attempt to 
keep library operations as close as 
possible to last year 's level. 

In addition, Voigt will continue with 
plans to open the Art-Music 
department of the Central library by 
early December. The present library 
system is being expanded at the rate of 
100.000 volum"s a year although it only 
has the staff to process 70,000. The 
UCSD libraries have never reached 
their full projected staffing capacity 
since the Centra l Library only opened 
last fall . 

With the scheduled opening of the 
new units. it became apparenl that 
more staff would be needed. To meet 
this increase in staffing needs teamed 
with the lack of available resources, 

Voigt had to redirect some of the 
money designated for other funds into 
reference - circula tion. Last year, the 
preSident's office supplied the library 
with $40,000 lomeet the financial needs 
of the University library expansion 
plans. This money will no longer be 

available, leaving the library with an 
even larger discrepancy between this 
year's and last year 's funds . 

" We are still trying to obtain more 
funds," said Voigt. "Besides replacing 
the money being diverted now. we need 
$25 ,000 to go back to last year 's level. " 

Governor Reagan did not take all of 
these factors into account when he 
criticized the UC libraries for 
decreasing hours although the staffing 
money itself was not reduced, 
according to Voigt. The $ 75 million in 
cuts was taken from the other library 
funds and the reference - circulation 
funds just not increased. All of the cuts 
were made by the Governor. not in the 
Regents request from the state. Voigt 
said he feel s that the Regents request 
was adequate to keep the library open 
but this request was blue - pencilled 
after being passed by the state 
legislature. 

Who knows what evil lurks ... 
o university is complete without its 

intricately mysterious campus 
mysteries which serve as a point of 
suspicion, gossip. and mystification. 
The hallowed halls of UCSD are no 
exception. 

Hardly an hour goes by when some 
student, faculty or campus visitor. who 
is riding the elevator in the awe 
inspiring Central Library hasn 't asked 
himself, "What has happened to the 
third floor?" For the information of 
any student who has not yet had the 
opportunity to survey the premises of 
the Central Library. the elevators (the 
only method of going from floor to 
floor in the library) do not stop on the 
third floor . For that matter. they do 
not even have a button for the third 
floor , and the little electrical device 
which lights up and lells you which 
floor you are on goes from two to four 

Severol Studies Underwoy 

without the slightest concern for the 
missing Ihird floor. 

BUT. there is a third floor! It is the 
plaza level on which outside the 
building is a plaza serving as a resting 
place for a few sculptures (this is one 
floor above the main lobby in which 
you enter) . 

Whalever does lurk on this 
inaccessible floor , is the great 
mystery. Guesses and rumors as to its 
contents range from the conservative 
"maybe they bind books there." to a 
wild array of illicit businesses. 
including a store house for secret 
government publication . a torture 
chamber for anti-administrat ion 
student . and a hou e of questionable 
repute . 

Librarians working within the 
library itself were questioned and gave 

slightly varying answers which yielded 
little explanation : " It's just full of 
concrete and pillars." "I think they're 
going to put a sculpture exhibition in 
there." .. uh ..... nothing." 

The third floor is not totally 
inaccessible, however. There are steps 
within the library which must at least 
pass the third floor. but as to whjHher 
there are entrances to it from the steps 
remains to be seen, as one cannot get 
into the steps without sounding an 
alarm. There are also four doors on the 
plaza level , all of which are double 
locked. 

So it is impossi ble to say what lurks 
behind the locked doors of floor three. 
Most likely. nothing worth anyone's 
concern. Bu t then one never knows. At 
best we can just wonder about it and 
hope " floor three's a jolly good 
fellow ." 

Ca lif. system of higher education scrutinized 
California 's Master Plan being studied by a joint completed a tentative draft of education " and " open 

for Higher ' Education. now legislative committee on the its re.port and recom- admissions .. " or become 
under intense sc ru tiny by two Master Plan. and by the mendatlOns and hopes to more selectIve? Why does It 
statewide groups. is not likely state's coordinating Counci l make a fmal report . to the take some students so long to 
to survive in its present form . for Higher Education. governor and the LegIslature get a degree? Why are 
accor din g to the LOS Even though these two nextra l1. student dro~ut rates so hIgh 
ANGELES TIMES. grou ps are far from finishing $150,000 Appropriation In C.ahforma ? W~at do 

The original plan. dra wn up their studies. it is ,already . Th joint legi s lati ve faculti es rea~ly do ~Ith their 
in 1959. was regarded as apparent that their results committee, which has an time? What IS the lmpact. of 
om thing of a model for will vary widely in approach. appropriation of $150.000 for federal resea~ch spendtng 

other states. but ince then it The elect committee. its work through next Jui¥ 1. and other outslde money on 
has falle n into disfavor with havi ng a small budget and does not expect to have its the state's institutions? 
Governor Reaga n. many only a single full -time staff study fini shed unt!1 late in Durand Long. taking a 
le gislato r s and so me m mber. is concentrating on 197 2. prr sen t ln g Its leaveofabsencefromhls post 
educa tors. the specifics of the Mast r recommendations to the 1973 as vice chancellor of two-yea r 

The questIOn that is being Plan. What mistakes wer legislature. colleges in the University of 
raised is whether Ca lifornia made in the 1959 study? What The 17-member select Wlsconsm system, IS gUldmg 
can till afford to provide major changes have taken · committee is headed by Dr. the committee's work . In a 
some form of higher pl ace tha t s hould be Joseph B. PIaU. president of recent int~rview. Long said. 
education for every high incorporated into a new or Harvey Mudd College. The " Our Job IS not to draw up a 
'chool graduate. revi d plan? committee co nsis t of new master plan but t~ 

There is also concern over On the other hand. the joint representa tiv s of the. review the current plan. 
the way pu bli c higher legis l a t ive c ommi ttee University of California . the However. he con eded that 
education is orga nized in the apparently intends to study state colleges. the community the review could result 10 
state . the way it is governed the broad cul tural and colleges. the private colleges such sweepi ng reeom -
an d whether suf fic ient philosophical trends in and universities. and the mendations for change that it 
aU ntion is paid to student Amen ean sociely which may general public. would amount to a new plan. 
who want technical or h a ve rn a dec u r r e n t PIaU posed some of the ' 
vocational train ing rather a ppr oac he to hig he r questions the group should try 
than acad mic studies. education obsolete. to answer in a recent memo : 

Preliminary Phase By nex t spring. the elect Should California continue 
These are among the issues committee expec ts to have with " universa l higher 

Peace Corps volunteers describe 
work in underveloped countries 

We li ve in a so iety that through its adva nced 
technologv provides us with an education that 
free us from the struggle for the neces ities of 
life - medlca l care . food . shelter and hope. But 
as Larrv Miller and hi s wife Terry can tell you . 
life is a losing battle against disease. 
malnutrition and ignorance for two - thirds of 
mankmd . 

As Peace Corps volunteers. the Millers. 
pre ntly medical students at UCSD. served as 
di trl t planners for two years in India 's health 
s rVlce program After traming for two months 
in th Stat s and one month In Indla in the 
language and culture of India 0 that they could 
effectlvely apply their skills as well as train 
their co-worker . th Millers settled in a house 
on the Ganges River in the county of Bihar. 

Each morning they woke to the melody of 

temple bells ca lling the people to prayers. 
Outside street vendors could be seen hawking 
their produce as they scuttle along the streets. 
But however the day began . the goal of 
developing health services for Bihar , the 
poorest and second most densely populated 
region in India . Involved the Millers in the 
difficult task of asserting th ir skills in a new 
environment with its centuries old traditions 
that sometimes frustrated the Westerners 
accustomed to a world of computers and jet 
planes, 

Larry h Ip d di tribute m dical supplies. 
organize and distribut information on 
vas etomy operations. and process tatistical 
data to develope the most effective birth control 

continued on page 18 

Long noted that part of th 
problem was that some of the 
origina 1 predictions of the 
master plan have not proved 
to be correct. For example : 
Actual enrollments have far 
exceeded the projections 
made by the master plan 
survey team in 1959. The 
master plan also predicted 
that it would co t $714 million 
to finance higher education to 
Cali fornia in the 1970-71 
academic year. whereas in 
reality i I cost more than 
TWICE the prediction - $1.5 
billion' 

Student Sblft Seen 
The plan also envisioned a 

diversion of 50.000 students 
from fre s hman and 
sophomore classes at the 
University and the state 
colleges to the community 
colleges, a shift which has 
taken place at the state 
colleges, but not at UC . 

Long believes the original 
Continued on page 11 

• 

... 

• . 

A littlHnoWII yet highly amusing sub-culture 
has evolYed at'UCSD, a sub-culture in which 
literature is the dominant mode of artistic 
creatiYlty. Strangely enough, the roots of this 
new renaissance movement stem from one of 
tbe most unlikely places imaginable, the 
lavatory. 

GRAFITTI: Potpourri . too. is widely found on the walls of washrooms, and audience - respunse graffiti is fairly popular : " By a strange coincidence, the optimum angle 
for intercourse is 33 degrees. I just wish- there 
was someone here to do it to ... maybe more 
than one. 

Indeed. if brevity is the soul of wit, this new 
highly stylistic art, that of writing graffiti, is 
amoll(! one of the most humorous aspects of 
college life. It provides an avenue of escape for 
frustration in the sublimated form of poems, 
short stories and snide remarks etched lightly 
into freshly painted> walls . In order that we 
might appreciate the true beauty and grace of 
these fascinating works, we must first analyze 
the works themselves to enable us to discover 
the motivation behind their efforts. 

from the walls and 
the stalls of UCSD 

More than one? I've never seen that in Guiness 
Book of World Records. 
F~r l-"Spiderman looks death in the face and 
laughs, for he knows full well that no nemesis 
may subvert his own noble goals. 
Floor 2 - As a boy, young Etaoin Shrdlu was 
plagued by the uncertainties and perils of a 
white, middle - class. suburban existence_ He 
ultimately denounced his culture and resorted 
to means both fair and foul to destroy it. He 

" I'm so lonesome in my saddle since my 
horse died," proclaims one tormented soul in a 
spontaneous over low of emotion. "Obscenity is 
the crutch of the inarticulate mother - fucker ," 
theorizes another . " Death is nature's way of 
telling you to slow down," muses a third 
lyricist, obviously in a state of cosmic 
contemplation of tbe metaphysical vibrations 
emanating from Sears Roebuck. 

Wendall P. Hamilton 
took on the name ,. Spiderman" because of the 
fear and disgust directed toward spiders by his 
enemies. An enlightened group of dissatisfied 

'Nixon is a low-rider 
from Whittier' 

These are but three examples of the potent 
one-liners which combine terseness with lyrical 
beauty to convey their feelings. But in order 
that we may more deeply perceive the true 
nature of these caustic quips, I have compiled 
the following list of them for your perusal : 

(1) Believe it or not, the Nabisco kid has been 
here too, 

(2) If the -real difference between peace and 
piece were the raising of an index finger , there 
would be few(,f of you people killing each other 
out there. 

(3) Kill Trotsky. 
(4) This is where Napoleon tore his 

Bonaparte. 
(5) Everything is an illusion. 
(6) Jack Webb is a junkie. 
(7) Baby, stick out · your can, 'cause here 

comes the garbage man. 
(S) Boredom, my friend , is fear to get away 

from oneseU and create. 
(9) Moby Dick is not a social disease : grape 

nuts is . 
(10) Post no signs. 
(11) 200 billion flies couldn't be wrong. 

(l2 ) Notice : Feces 3 Ibs. and over must be 
lowered by rope. 

(13 ) The term 'tool'. when taken in its gross 
sense, does seem to be the proper terminology 
when speaking of computers. 

(14) Self-love is first , so masturbate. 
( 15) Revolutionary change is necessary if the 

graffiti is to improve. 
(6) Do you have split ends? Then you ' re in the 

wrong bathroom. 
(17) God is a concept by which man judges hi s 

potentialities. 
(18 ) God is dead.-Nietzsche. Nietzsche is 

dead.-God (Please keep in mind that these 
specimens were obtained at great danger to life 
and limb.) 

The next category of graffiti to be explored is 
the 'cryptical suspense category. While 
exploring the far torners of dark , eerie 
lavatories, my associates and I came upon 
traces of a creature whose identity was cleverly 
revealed by its creator : 

" Who is Jack Pancake? In the name of the 
Lord. Jack Pancake, rise and walk. 'But Lord, 
that could be so messy just now,' " 

" Watch out for Jack Pancake .. . be careful 
where you flush ." 

" Jack Pancake is still here (regardless of all 
janitors' cleaning fluid ). His spirit transcends 
mundane reality," 

"Clues to tI.e identity of Jack Pancake .. . 
a. He's everywhere' . 
b. He's brown. 
c . He's banana-shaped and smaller than a 
breadbox. 
d. He's often found swimming. 
e. He's identifiable by the sense of smell." 

Angela Davis T d Student 
Manuel de Jesus Hernandez R a II y 0 a YD· t 
A multiracial meeting of Committee to free Angela I rec 0 ry 

Third College students took Davis. headed by Ngub Taboo. 
place Monday evening in Ogden He presided over the attending 
Hall to discuss the coming trial number of above 35 attentive 0 U t soon 
of Angela Davis. on Nov. I. and students. 
to make preparations for a The Committee will seek to 
demonstration in her support. bring to the rally speakers 
It will be held on the trial date from the National Committee 
at 12 noon in cooperation with - to Free Angela Davis. along 
the Southeast San Diego with films and written 
community. at South Central information. Posters of Angela 
park on National and 43rd underscored by a quote have 
street. been and shall be made 

In coordination. here at available , 
UCSD a rally in support of The committee will be 
Angela Davis will be held in the meeting periodically and 
Third College Plaza al noon. distributing information 10 the 

The meeting was pfJ!sided public . Those interested should 
over by the newly formed Third get in touch with it as soon. as 
College Students Ad-Hoc possible. 

CLEANLINE 
SURFBOARDS 

Custom Boards . Starting @ $70 
Used . Rentals . Wet Suits 
Ace . Materials . lessons 

The new Student Directory is 
in its final stages. However , 
before it can be sent to press. a 
number of student addresses 
and other information needs to 
be updated and completed. If 
you are not sure whether or not 
your information is up to date, 
please check the latest class 
schedu Ie sent to you. If any of 
the information pertaining to 
address_ phone. year and major 
is incorrect or incomplete. 
please fill out the 
accompanying coupon and send 
it through intercampus mail to 
EDNA . The sooner these are 
returned. the sooner the 
Student Directory will be 
available for your use , 

HYPNOSIS 
D, Rakow 281 -4586 
T .. hnlcian 

. youth, the Junior Superheroes of Amerika . soon Imag~ne the thrill of. deciphering this joined him . thus giving dignity . strength, and 
perplexmg mys,tery - watchl~g It unrav~1 before direction to the cause of Spiderman. 
your very eyes. A~d oh. the JOy upon ~scovery Floor 3 _ Once. before Spiderman became aware 
of the natur~ of thiS creature (dependmg on hIS of his rare ability. Etaoin Shrdlu was attacked 
locatlon at ttme of dlscovery. of course). by a gang of lascistic youths while returning 

For a change of pace, however, we turn to a home from a violin recital. He nearly died 
stairway in the bowels of Bldg. 2A on Muir 
college grounds. Spaced intermittantly at each 
level was the story of Spiderman. making it a 
necessary task to run the full length of the 
staircase to learn more about the superhero. 
could you care? 

'Grass-mother nature's 
way of saying high' 

your wife will fry your breakfast eggs attemtpting to defend himself. 
tomorrow. Floor 4 - Even as progress cannot be stopped, so 
she's a good cook prevails spiderman. (just like cancer)" 
but, One rather serious poem found on a wall 
so are you. fonows : 
your power to cook reeks of dead fish ." Poem to Visibility Lab 

Politics, too, play an integral role in the life of technicians smirk 
the graffiti artist. as reflected in these two greasing their slide rul es with essentials 
works : with truths. with godless reason 

"Beware, Christians. computing parameters of distant pain 
This is the sign of the anti-Christ. Believe not is the fourier series for a child different 
the devils and whore - mongers who profess is the approximation distinct from tha t of an 
peace but who display the witches foot. For their enemy. 
paths lead aught to destruction and eternal a tank ; a missile. 
damnation in the everlasting fires of hell. Man Records. 
is incapable of spreading peace across the land. Would you like to? 
and is doomed to constant war on earth. True No, but I'll bet you would." 
peace is obtainable only through our savior. So Or : 
do not strive now to bring peace among us, but "The abyss of my future yawns before me: 
repent now. that you may know peace in the If only I could yawn back." 
afterlife . -J .C." The art of graffiti , then, is nourishing rapidly 

The sign in question was a peace symbol. in washrooms all across the campus. How true 
"The powerful should have warmth and it is, in the words of one of the artists : 

compassion if they. themselves were weak. " Listen to the walls - sometimes they speak 
Someday. they may be helpless. " the truth. ,. 

I WOULD LIKE MY NAME TO BE IN THE STUDENT DIRECTORY: 

Na me ____________________________________________________ _ 

Local Address 
-------------------------------LKa IPhone ____________________________________________ _ 

College ________________________________________ _ 

yea r __________________________________________________ __ 

Home Address (i f d iff.rent from above) 
--------------------------

H~e Phone ____________________________________________ __ 

Clip and send to: 

Meditation Therapy 
Control Habits, etc. 
Se lf-Hypnosis 

STUDENT DI RECTORY 
EDNA 
UREY HAll l OBBY 

10% off on any new board 
with student I.D . 

_

Low, low Cost 

"Someolle Wbo Cares" 
'lliupitn's La Jolla 

AUTHENTIC 
MEXICAN FOOD! 6798la Jolla Blvd . 454·0441 

SHAPER: John Barbau 

BAGELS & CREAM CHEESE 

RAY'S PLACE COFFEE SHOP 

STOP BY 0\/ YO R II'A Y TO SCHOOL OR IVORK 

.lIOS-TfI U R 
FRI-SAT 
su.v 

7 J P~1 
7 9PM 
7 I P.\1 

454 PEARL ST 
LA JOLLA 

lUNCH SPECIALS 99' 
Tryout Homemade 

Tumales and Chalupos! 
FOOD TO GO 

WE SERVE BEER 
639 Pearl, La Jolla 

10..:.,.. 
1 .......... 

Triton Times October 29, 1971 Page 3 



VOICES "Good evening. This is Radio Free Europe. 
" In valiant combat against 

tbe Communist aggressors ..... 
by Simian Spheroid 

"Good evening. This is the 
Voice of America. 

"Good evening. Tbis is Radio 
Peking. 

" In valiant combat against 
tbe Communist aggressors in 
South Vietnam today , not too 
far from the DMZ, American 
forces annibilated at least 52 of 
the enemy. 

" In valiant combat against 
the Imperialist. .. 

"President Nixon said today 
in a speech to the national 
convention of the Daugbters of 
tbe American Revolution that, 
, ... America will soon be in 
tbe position to create an era ot 
Peace and Prosperity to the 
underdeveloped Nations of the 
World·proving once, again the 
strength of freedom and the 
will of our brave forefathers .. .' 

"The American financial 
scene appears to be 
improving.. . a new era of 
increased productivity seems 
to be just around tbe corner. .... 

"Good evening. This is Radio 
Moscow. 

" In valiant combat against 
the Imperialist aggressors in 
the Republic of Vietnam .. ... 

triton tiIlles 
Editor-in-Chief 
City Editor 

Mana~in~ Editor 
Copy Editor 
Bu ine Mana~er 
Editorial Director 
Art Editor 

port Editor 
Photo!!:raphy Editor 
A sistant City Editor 

))oll y elvin 
Frank Phillip 
Carny harick 

Chuck Graham 
Terry Barak 

David Buchbinder 
Carrie Rickey 

Mike Rath 
Joe Eastern 

Larry Deckel 

News Department Arts Department Advertising Department 
Tommy Colimee 
Chuck Champlin 
Chuck Rose 
Rick Dram 

Chris Albert 
Roberta Axelrod 
Timothy Hirsch 
Peter Hollingsworth 
Kathryn Rudner 
Eric Perlman 
Mark W. Sieg.1 
Donny Spellens 
Peter Selvin 

Jeff Fried 
Su\On Cades 
Debbie Montgomery 
Copy Readers 
Gleno Schroeter 
Debbie Montgomery 
Photographers 
Michael Greene 

David Goodmon 
Wenda II Homilton 
Kathy Kluzek 
Mark Masooka 
ViC10rral Nyhon 
Jim Sill 
Sheila Roburts 
Gary Sinnen 
Henry Steiman 

Sports Department 
Mark Liska (asst.) 
Andy Estabrook 
MorkYoung 
Production 

Gory levin 
Tom Stiles 
Wendy Solomon 
Bel,ndo Morton 
Michael Sesmo 
Artists 

Debbie Layender 
David Buchbinder 

Eileen Liesch 
Deborah Kelso 

Mike McKinney 
The TRITON TIMES is officially recognized and supported as 0 student 
newspoper by the Communications Boord of the Uni~ersity of California, 
Son Diego, Building 250, Mo"hews Campus, La Jolla, Californ ia 92037. 
Publication is twice ",eekly on Tuesdays and Fridays. Offices are loca ted 
,n room 117 Bloke HolI , on the Reyelle Campus. For advertising phone, 

453·2000, X 1017; for editoriol or news phone X 101 6. 

f EIFFER 
WAr r ::J- WITH 
fJ)A~ A ~ 1R1~~IO~S ~ (~ ~ OF AR -

". 

lID~tA~ -

:1 ~? • It;: ,-.S !:. Q 
Page 4 Triton Times October 29, 1971 

The COlllmunity 
Needs You 

by Juan Lopez 
Commi ioner of Community-Service 

The purpose of the Office of Community Services is to 
enbance the involvement of tbe University community with the 
local communities, as well as providing a service whereby 
students, faculty and staff can become more familiar with the 
needs of various agencies tbrough volunteer service. 

From time to t.ime, for example. organizations may call on 
students to volunteer their services in eliminating a particular 
problem, while many organizations open their doors for 
students seeking to gain experience and insight in a certain 
vocation. Arrangements can be made so that Interested 
individuals be given a tour of facility and receive general 
information on activities of tbe agencies. 

For example, the American Red Cross is seeking hostesses 
for the Navy Hospital Dances, which will be held on Oct. 26, 
Nov. 23 and Dec. 14. Interested girls or dorms may call Miss 
Marnie Brice at 239-2439 for information regarding the dances 
or general information. In addition, the Red Cross has various 
projects that students can volunteer for, such as, working witb 
deaf-mute children in various communities. Call Miss Jo Reed 
at 291·2620 for more information. 

People to people Program 
Last Year UCSD initiated a program called People to 

People, which allowed the University community to discuss 
their views on various topics with local residents. The success 
of tbe program was due to the responce from citizens 
throughout the San Diego area who requested students and 
'faculty members to come to their homes for discussions . It is 
hoped that interested individuals will volunteer to activate tbis 
most meeded program. 

Providing guided tours of UCSD for prospective students, as 
well as the general public. is another service offered by the 

BSU: 

Office of Community Services. Often special interest gorups 
will request a number of students to show them around 
campus. The following are dates and times when students will 
be needed to give tours : 

Dale 
Nov. p 
Nov 12 
Nov. 18 

Time 

9·1 
12 :3G-3 
10-12 

Group 

Medical Club 
Montgomery High School 

San Diego High School 
Volunteers are also needed to raise money and collect food 

and clothing for tbe striking farmworkers in San Ysidro, soutb 
of San Diego. The cause of the farm workers bas in the past 
brought many diversified groups together to work at bringing 
justice to the field worker. Last year students and faculty 
contributed more tban $2,000. Nevertheless, this year that sum 
should be surpassed. 

Services to BIDd Needed 
Anotlier service that is needed. but has bad trouble becoming 

a reality is a guide and reader service for the blind and 
handicapped students. Although tbe guides would bave to 
volunteer, the readers can be paid a minimum amount through 
a funding agency provided for blind students. A few hours a day 
devoted to helping these disadvantaged students would be 
greatly appreciated. 

Finally, Community Services this year is trying to develop 
an inter-(:ultural exchange program with University students 
in Tijuana and Enscnada, Baja California. The program will be 
directed at enhancing the understanding between cultures, 
through educational programs. Various types of activities will 
be organized during the year to bring togetber students from 
both sides of the border. 

In summary. the Office of Community Services bas available 
a selective number of projects in which the University 
community can participate. Now that the first frustrating 
weeks of school bave past, students may want to engage In one 
of the above projects, or may want to develop their own. 

Any responses to these projects should be directed to Juan 
Lopez. Commissioner of Community Service, Building 250 at 
Mattbewg Campus, ext. 2381. The Community Services project 
information is available on Tuesdays and Thursdays from 9·12. 
Please volunteer your services. The community needs you. 

On Building Black Consciousness 
organ for tbe Black community 
and Black UCSD students. by TO~lnlY Caliml'(' 

"Credo: Black students of 
UCSD, aware and realizing tbe 
many and varied, subtle and 
overt means of tbe oppressor, 
bereby propose a viable 
movement, using tbe means 
necessary to purge oppressive 
and racist systems. Tbe 
vanguard of tbat movemenl on 
tbis campus is tbe UCSD Black 
Student Union, operating out of 
tbe maximum parlicipatioa 
structure, will beocefortb 
solemnly minister to tbe needs 
and problems of Black people 
"tiIlthe struggle is done." 

The latter credo is that which 
represents the aspirations of 
many Black students on the 
UCSD campus. The Black 
Student Union has recognized 
itself as being a positive 
approach to many problems 
which confront Black students 
on all levels at UCSD. For 
example, within the philosophy 
of BSU is stated. "the BSU 
believes further. that the 
American educational system. 
be ing ba sed on white 
nationalism. (i.e.. White 
history ), w)1ite literature . 
white art. and white heroes. 
(all of which reinforce white 
folkways. mores etc. I is not 

capable Of equipping Black 
students with the necessary 
understanding and 
appreciation of the culture, 
history, and ethnic group 
problems of the Black 
community." In essence then. 

BUT 
WAfS 
SO SeL.-
FI<SH , 

I • 

the Black Student Union is 
moving on a level of self-
determination. self·defense 
and self·awareness. 

Some of the fundamental 
purposes of BSU are to serve as 
a " research and information" 

Miss Debra Sims, a BSU 
member said, " I as a Black 
woman first , and a Black 
student secondly , have 
recognized my role and 
obligation in terms of Black 
education . This is why I am a 
participanlin BSU." 

Mr. Robert Baxter, another 
active member of BSU had a 
different statement to make. 
He said, " the role of any Black 
student is to move in a positive 
direction with otber Black 
students in an all· white 
institution, uch as the setting 
of the UCSD campus. 1 tbink 
BSU is a beautiful organization 
in which UCSD Black students 
should unit, utilizing it for our 
educational and community 
development ... 

As with most Black student 
organizations on majority 
white colleges and universities , 
lhere is sure to be some kind of 
white faculty / student and 
administration paranoia . This 
is in terms of " niggers" 
attempting to destroy negative 
values which bas been forced 
upon them . However, there is 
also a completely different 
perspective. Taking a broad 

CoItt. Page II 

letters to the Editor 
Agnewism 

Editor : 
I am a graduate of UCSD who 

lives in the area , and has 
consequenUy continued to read 
the Triton Times and other 
campus journals. I have just 
read the October 20, issue of 
Dimension, and the October 19, 
issue of the Triton Time . 
Having followed Dimension 
since its beginnings I was, of 
course. well aware ' of its 
political persuasion, but this 
last issue contained articles in 
such bad taste as to be 
vomitous. "The Bootblack 
Stand" leUer about Charles 
Manson which humorously 
treats a man condemned to die 
as a political element of the 
left, and then compares him 
with Tunney and Cranston, is 
one of the sickest things I have 
ever read. 

In the same issue, Jim Sill 's 
article on Third College shows 
absolutely no objectivity, nor 
even an attempt to give a 
thoughtful evaluation of the 
curriculum . It is pure 
invective, calcula ted to anger , 
arouse, and divide. I had not 
realized that the anti -
intellectualism of Agnewism 
had permeated to such an 
extent that even university 
conservatives no longer feel 
compelled to consider the 
facts. 1 can not speak with 
authority about the curriculum 
of Third College, and do not 
know to what extent it is 
indoctrinaLing students with 
leftist ideology without 
educating them. My opinion, 
from talking to students and 
teachers, is that it is moving in 
the direction of more hard core 
course work : preparing Third 
World students to be in the 
vanguard of the necessary 
professions of medici ne. law. 
economics , and education . 

In any case, it should be clear 
from Mr. Sills' letter that no 
college has a monoply on 
stud ents who will echo 
anything polemic for the sake 
of attracting attention. and one 

$1 Hamburger 
Dinners 

Happy Hour Daily 
& Entertainment 

Nightly 
Fay at Silverado r 

La Jolla 

must not judge an institution 
on these grounds or certainly 
the entire university is suspect. 

Carol L. Mills 
1970 Graduate 

First Miss Mills says I did not 
"consider (he facts ." Then sire 
admits that she, "does not know 
to whal extent (Third Col/ege) is 
illdocrrinatil'g students..... You 
call me a liar when you do not 
know the facts , And )'OU accuse 
me ofinvtctive! 

·Jim Sills 

An Open Letter 

EdiLor : 
Tht Con51ella tion :\'Ine ha\'e 

expressed their conSClenliOUS 
objeclion to war publicl~' to the 
nation bl' ~eektng s<Jnctuar.l . 
The\' spokc with their lives tn a 
house ot God . obe\'in/! the 
comma ndm ent : Thou shalt nut 
kill. Thel' have spoken to the 
:\'avl' With their petitions. and 
thel' continue to speak h\' 
reluslng to work and b~' 
fasting .The~· are ,1Illla,ttng. In 
Lheir thirteenth dd~·. 

These aClions allest to the 
:\'lne s slnterit\' . as do their 
letters and el'en Chaplain 

Lvon~ ot the Eleventh \aval 
n'lstnc\. But thc \avl' refused 
LO consider the ao pllca tlOns lur 
conSCIenti ouS objection liled hv 
tll'O m n before the\' soujlht 
sanctua r\, In lacL thel' soujlht 
sanctuary because ul the 
\a\'y" Ilencc. And no\\' thc 
:\'avl' conllnues to ijlnore the 
Conslellalion :\'lne's reque~t 
lor con sc !entlou~ ubJetwm 
Apparentll . the \avl' plans LO 
take I hem 1010 th(· lI'a r zone. 

ThiS blatant disregard lur 
mcn who arc In lact 
consClenllou objccLOr~ prove ' 
thai Ihe :\'aV\' u, cs cu statu, 
lor their own c1ande tinl'd 
polilltal purp<! ' ,. rClther th,," 
conSIdering the mcrlts ul each 
case We thcrelure appeal lU 
those members ul th(' public 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
for service 

Tues .. Sol. 
9,45- 5,30 

Women Welcome 

Closed Sun. & Mon. 
233·832B 

FREDERICK KI & HIKE 
NEW/lOCA nON (20 FEET SOUTH) 

\NAME 
ALL YOUR SKIING NEEDS 

RENTALS AND REPAIRS 

FRESH EARTH 
RESTAURANT & STORE 
117115 HWY 101 
ENCINITAS 
(ACROSS FROM HANSlNS) , 

who 11'111 conSIder the merits 01 
thIS case and who will preva II 
upon the :\'avv LO I ree the 
ConstellaLion :\'tne lrom th<Jt 
ship pending a lull revl II 01 
th cas . 

We turthermore r quesL thaL 
the InQulr~' be held In the 
'nited Stat es where the men 

can receive eltecllve tlvlh~n 
lejlal coun, el. and where the 
actions ot the \avv c<Jn rematn 
under the uutiOl' ul our 
elected represcnlalives and the 
enllre nation. 

Blake LeBaron 

Ego Trips 
Editor : 

1 am sick and tired of all this 
dribble forced on the readers of 
the TT by defl!ult. Any paper 
that is not self supporting is not 
deserving of publication. I do 
not think that $25 for 50 hrs. 
work is much worse than lhe 
figure of 30 hrs. work for 2 unit 
that Reville bio majors are 
reputed to put into the fruit fly 
lab. 1 believe that the two data 
have equal credulence. Why 
can 't the personell of the 
campus media provide services 
for credit? EOP has done this 
and had a great responce. If a 
cause is deserving or at leasl 
has some amount of devotion 
the time will be given . It 
remains to be seen if the TT is 
deserving of any support at all . 
Any problems in the budget 
aired in the lengthy reports of 
the comm board meeting could 
easily be solved if no salaries 
were collected. It would also be 
a great test of how much staff 
members really cared about 
their newspaper or if it is only 
an ego trip with rewards. The 
contents of this letter pertain 
to all campus media . 

Signed, 
Coffee Hut Worker 

A Compl;men~ 
Editor : 

Thank you for printing the 
excellent article on Ba'riuelos 
and her ilk by Manuel de Jesus 

Herriandez and Boris Ramiro 
La rre'ta , It is fine reporting, 
objectively done, and well 
written. 

Sincerely, 
Ramon Eduardo Ruil 

Cbairman 

Genocide or 
Equality? 

Editor ' 
For several years I have 

been concerned about over· 
population in the United States 
and in the world . The current 
rate of population growth is 
already a severe problem for 
poor people. For example, food 
production per person declined 
in most African countries last 
year and it has been declining 
for several years. Therefore I 
was disturbed to see an article 
by Mr. Simms in a recent 
Triton Times which claimed 
that birth control programs 
aimed at the poor in the United 
States were a veiled form of 
genocide. Having heard this 
charge before from black 
radicals, I decided to look 
further into the matler. The 
most recent data in the 
"Statistical Abstract of the 
Uniled Slates" are as follows . 
Births / IOOO population : 
white, 16.6: "negro and other," 
24 .2. Births/ lOOO females aged 
15-44 : white, 81.5: " negro and 
olher," 114.9. % of females 
aged 14-44 receiving Aid ot 
Families with Dependent 
Children (AFDC ): white, 2.0 : 
negro, 15.4. We see that whites 
have a much lower birth rate 
which is almost surely the 
result of a greater use of birth 
control methods. At first these 
statistics might lead you to 
think that black women spend 
all their time producing babies 
so they can get on welfare , 
while white women shore up 
the society as celibate 
taxpayers . But stalistics must 
be interpreted with caution. 
and I expect that we are seeing 
simply the effect of differing 
income levels. For in tance, if 
there were no dirrerences 
beL ween black and white with 
lhe same income levels. the 
fact that poor people are more 
likely to receive AfDC than 
rich people and that black 

PEACE CORPS/VISTA 
INTERVIEWS BEGINNII'{G TODAY OCT 
26 IN THE TV LOUNGE OF THE NEW 
MUIR APARTMENTS . MATH , 
CHEMISTRY, PHYSICS, BiOlOGY AND 
LIBERAL ARTS MAJORS NEEDED. 

TElEPHONE 293-5083 

Fu lfill your military obligation 
in a meaningfu l way as a 

Coa t Guard Officer 
Interviews on campus 
9:00 AM to 4 :00 PM 
1 NOVEMBER 1971 

Contact Placement Of lice to schedule interview. 
Or mail coupon below for information. 

----------------------

Send to: ( __ , (pip) 
I Iltv ... c..st G_4 Distrid I I I. rill Av • . H .. ,twelill., my mllitory obl igation o. a I . 
I l..,l_h, ("if. toI02 Coast Guard Off,cer I 
I ~~ I 
I ~~ • 
I City Stl" Zip .1 , I Cot .... t _____________ _ L ______________________ ~ 

people tend to be poorer than 
white people would lead to the 
result lhat a higher percentage 
of blacks would receive AfDC. 
Undoubtedly the rate of 
population growth for blacks 
will approach that for whites as 
their income levels approach 
those of whiles, but thi will 
take some tIme and the growth 
rate of the white population is 
too high anyway. 

Today the bad effects of 
overpopUlation , such as 
crowded living conditions and 
pollution. are visited primarily 
upon the poor. It cannot be 
denied that the rich have 
easier access to the 
information and doctor' s 
prescriptions necessary for 
successful birth control. It 
would seem then that the 
establishment of free birth 
control clinics open to the poor 
would be a great benefit for 
them. I wanl to state clearly 
that I am not advocating any 
compulsory programs, only 
that the poor ~hould be given 
the same opportunities for 
contraception enjoyed by the 
rich . 1 don 't believe this sort of 
program should be labeled 
"genocide" or equated with 
Auschwitz. 

Don Gentner 

Top Paper 
Editor : 

As usual. 1 picked up a Triton 
Time on Tuesday. I have been 
following with interest the 
discourse between the Triton 

Looking 
For 
Fashion 
Frames 

Times and Crazy Time Staff 
Last friday . the editors of the 
Triton Times brought to our 
attention the fact that the TT is 
running on a cut budget and 
cannot afford to have any more 
money cut . or the readers will 
suffer. If, in facl. the Triton 
Times ' is so broke, could 
someone please tell m wh 
they used a heavier (and thus 
more expensivel weight of 
paper on Tuesday? Seems to 
me the extra coin for the more 
expenstve paper could be 
shared with others who want to 
gl ve a di verse opin Ion on the 
state of the university. 

Sa lly Campbell 

Editors Note : Our printers 
clUlrge us the minimum price for 
standard offiel lIewsprint. Erell 
though ,hey ofiell use leflol'er 
paper from longer runs IIUlI is of 
higher quality. there is nel'er all 
eXira charge. 

Clowns 
Editor : 

It is incredible to me that the 
Tnton Times ha had its budget 
cut. The Triton Times is one of 
the few campus services that 
delivers service reliably. 
What's even more incredible to 
me is that you have been cut 
back to pay for a radio station 
that I can 't even hear here in 
the dorms. I hope the clowns 
who did this to you will think it 
through one more time. 

Thanks, Ray Tbompson 

--

We have the largest selection 
in Son Diego 
eone day service 
(most single vision Illnses) 
elmmediate repair 
small or large 

La Jolla Optical 
7966 Herschel 

at Prospect 
454-6119 

Triton Times October 29, 1971 Poge 5 



Radio: 
Hey ... we're on the air! 

Tune us in! 
HIS Radio FM Stereo "90" 

LOW PRICED RECORDS 
HAVE COME TO LA JOLLA 

ANNOUNCING THE OPENING OF THE: 

SHORES 
RECORD 

SHOP 
Open Daily Except Mondays 

. Nights Til 9pm 
2246 Avenida De La Playa , L.J . Shores 

(Next Door to the So. Ca. lst Nat'l Bank) 

UCSD PROGRAM BOARD 
PRESENTS 

P HAROAH SANDERS . 
NOV 5th 8: 30 PM 

IN THE GYM ' 
TICKETS: $2.50 UCSD STUDENTS 

$3.50 OTHER COLLEGE STUDENTS 
$4.00 OTHERS 

TICKETS AVAILABLE: 
UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 

(BOX OFFICE HOURS 11-3) 

~CONTRACEPTIVES 
~privately? 

We believe your private li fe should be your own. And when It 
comes to bUYing contracept ives, the hassle in a crowded drug· 
sto'e isn't exactly private. So we've made It poSSible for you to 
get nonprescript ion contracept ives through the mail. 
We- )Vt.'l' ldh / l' 11\ I1WU '!'o nlll ll.h,, ' Vll\e~ ;lOd \\t' " l ll'r two o r the most 
eXl'llmg Ullt '''i ,I\':lll . • hlt- ,111.\ \\ hl' n ' h 'l l\crllll' .md N u t'url11 ~--ondol1ls 
The ;)" It.' h,l lt.'. t h.1I1 ,lIH tl nug ~' tHl \ ' ,11\ ~"'1 11\ .1 clnl~bton.' Jmpurt ed 
from III 11.11 11 lIh',\ rt' Il~ hh'l thllllwr . Imlre eM'lung to US~. and 
prt'l' I ~ Hln 1H ' llI u l , l t"lt t1ll1 ~ , lIuf h ·:, tlUf! U,' \'IIIlIQUl'b 1I1.lke them as re-
h ,lbll' .1 ' ;tn~ ~ 'l lrHIIl I1l , 1,,\\\I1,,' l"l' M.ldt· hy LHI , wor ld 's larKcsl manu-
I,H' lurl'r It 111,' 11 ' l' tlllt.oIn ' pl l \l'S ,"'dhl'llite t t he l>C:. l ' and NuForm 
Illi t on)) "'l' t ftllll1 t u l ' ,(,ld.It,.: lJS FIJA ... pc."l' ,fh.'alIU lh, bUl arc made 
to Bllt l~ I ,iO\ t'l"lt ll tt ' nl :-; 1.lltct.lnt ;I7U~ . I ~ \\'('11 'Nt' IhlllK you'll like 
them 

Our d'I.I Jo,I I.l tl'd bnldlUre t. -II:. \0\1 .11l 3boul f'etherl lte and 
NuFUlItl /f1111 ,lhotH 't' \ "II othC'r AmNII' ,1Il ur.lnds Whll'h we have 
carl' llIlh f lt· ~· It ·d 11 1I11I 1111,' '"tHl' th.1Il "Ill' hUlldr('d kilids Av:uhlble 
IUd ... y, i nel \H' l' :\opl.1l1t til\' <1.flcn·lIl·~ 

\v(" ,b .. , h,l\ l' "Un~rl').l· nptlll1\ loan! for w omen and A wide 
vaflt't~ Ie houk .. . !lle! p,lIuphJch lHl birth l'on trul, Ie". population, 
dnd l 'l'U)JJl ) 

W,tO nUlll' IIIfnll1\.IlH1u" II 's (n't! Just sella lu, ,I c 'Cl' ~:ame and 
(Iddll· ... ~ Better li 1l11 lur IIIH' dnll.lr we'n Sf" nd ~'ou all the rnCornla · 
lion pili ' .. 0 F'l',ht' l h1l' Joo.lll1pll' !Io ~lIld un,' NuFo r m For four dollars 
)'uu ' ll g . l t he bpH."hull: plu !oo Ihrt·C' ('.1l'h ti C fa\'" different ~ondom 

br~lIlds f an ,ludlll )~ buth I lIIiJu r t ~) All l'urrc5pondence and mercha n-
dise II r IlIpped an a pl.1I1I l'tlYt'r to protect your pnvacy. and we 
guaranu e , 'our l1lone~ lJ,h'k II you ' re n01 Iia tlSlled With our products. 
Why w a t 1 

POPI) I,!~TION PLANNI Nt; ASSOl' . lJ 1 ;. 
80" !~~· U, l ' h.prl Hili , N . C. 2n l4 
Gentlemen Ple .llllc .l end me YOUI tree brol'hurf: and prlct 

hit (It no obllgallon, _ Three ..ampl" (or ,1 _ _ Deluxe 
sam pler PJ<k.~e (0' , ; 
Name 
Add,e. 
CIIY _ _ .- -

- - - --- - .---

StalL • __ ZIP 

Page 6 Triton Times October 29,1971 

Surfing Club 
Presents Film 

It is going to be a big year for 
the UCSD Surf Club. With a 
still growing membership (50 
members at the momentl , the 
club is large enough to insure 
active participation in inter -
collegiate surfing contests. 
Many of the members are 
excellent surfers and it would 
be no surprise if UCSD wa to 
win the league title this yea r. 

The club is not just 
concerned with competitive 
surfing. but with all other 
aspects of surfmg as well . The 
club will provide the members 
with surfboard materials and 
wetsuits at discount prices. 
Hopefully the club will also 
have surfboards and wetsuits 
for use by members who have 
the interest to surf but not the 
means. All people interested in 
surfing are urged to become 
members. 

With favorable turnout and 
support the club hopes to have 
surfing trips during the year . 
These trips will be possible 
through a small budget allotted 

by the P.E. DepartlT\ent and 
various fund raising activities. 

The first activity will b-: the 
presentation of " Pacific 
Vibrations" on Saturday, Nov 
13 at 8:30 p.m. in the gym. 
"Pacific Vibrations" is a 
surfing film by John Severson, 
former editor and publisher of 
Surfer magazine. American 
International purchased the 
film and processed a 35 mm . 
version which is currently 
showing in regular theaters. 

The UCSD surf club was very 
fortunate in getting the film 
and it will probably be the last 
time the film is shown, aside 
from regular theaters. The 
film is a full length color 
feature with footage of 
California and Hawaii. Two of 
the many highlights are Tom 
Stone inside at pipeline and 
Jeff Hakman in flight at 
Honoloua Bay . Anyone who 
believes man should be in 
harmony with na ture must see 
this film . Tickets will be sold at 
the door. UCSD students $1. 
general admission SI .50. 

-
~ .............. --~ .... --~ .... --~--.. ' 

Co n1 p II t e r S I [[ Pic k s 
Buchbinder an d Sills 

TIll' l'oillputer ran it ~ own Winning slreak to thrce gamcs la st 
wcek . Th Haills. tabbcd tor 13 b\' lhc ('ompule!'. won 30-13 over 
Grecn Bay Mlnncsota . pirkcd b~' 5 polnls. beat the ColIS 10-3. 

Now lor thiS week ' ~ ganws 
GA1\IE O;';E .. I\:\:-\S.\S CITY \·s O:\KLA~D 

The perenmal contend rs for the AFe Wesl title meet in 
anoth r crucial game Kansas City will match its powerful 
running game a!!ainst Oakland 's lough fro nt four Oakland 's 
big pla~' ofl<'n 51' will nl'l'd som long !lalns. but it will be tough 
a1!31n!<t a good KC sccondar\'. We look for a tight. low-scoring. 
gallle untilthl.' fourth quarter. wh en the Raiders should take it 
wllh 3 PUlnts. 
GAl\IE TWO .. MI.-\ II \ 'S . LOS A GELES 

The ~' oung Dolphins are off to a good tart this year thanks 
prilllaril~' to a potent running game Il'd by Jim Kiick and Larry 
Csonka . Tll('ir pas~lng gaml' is al so effeclive. Roman Gabriel 
will need a I!ood da~' for thl' Rams. since Miami' principal 
weakne 's is its pa ss df.'fense . The Rams have all the incentive 
to win as thc\' are neck and neck with the 4ger . But the 
Dolphins also :'must " win ince they barel~' lead the Colts. The 
Computer. 1·11. is picking an upset her!'. Look for Miami 's 
runners to mow down thr Rams. Miami to win by 10 points! 

ntramural 

Zebras U ph d the Law 
Q EST IO N : What animal is 

frequently een running to and fro upon 
the football fi eld: can be recognized by 
its black and white upper torso. its 
shrill . high-pitched whistle. and its 
ca reles habit of littering the field lI'ith 
red flags: and is probably the most 
despised (and possibly the mo t feared I 
creature in the intramural jungle? 

A SWER : The Two-Legged Zebra 
trefereeus footballus intramuralus) 

The refs work in cooperation with the 
Intramural Depa rtment under the 
watchful eye of the Big Daddy Zebra . 
Intramural Director Lee John on. and 
hi s three a sistan ts. J immv Roudebush . 
Bill I Weeboy I Smith . and 'Ann Hi ggins. 
These indi Vidual s spend much time out 
on the fi eld reviewing the refs. offering 
constructive criticism and oft-tim s 
much need d advice. in an effort to get 
the hi ghest quality officiating poss ible. 

The Zebras. who are all students at 
UCSD. must take Technique of 
Officiating. a course which meets once a 
lI'eek to di scu s problems. unusual 
si tuation . and conflicts in the rules. The 
first class conSisted of an excellent talk 

PI': coach 
officiated 

m "",I ron I levels. In 
been 

., ••• m<re,,,"r how 
and 

r in flag 

vou're 
IIred.up 

threw 
ready to 

d. 'lgallOst them . 
. to jump 

goes the 

Leslie Kienholz . UCSI) s first girl 
referee. Leslie. who insists that the 
hardest thing about refereeing is 
keeping your mind on the game. not the 
guys. is officiating coed football and 
becoming more proficient and confident 
as a ref week by week. 

Any referee will be the first to admit 
he dOesn't see every penalty or that he 
does blow orne calls. but a good 
indicator of what kind of a game you're 
getting from a ref is whether he's 
hustling before. during and after every 
play. Sure. he'1I 1et you bitch about a ca ll 
that went against you I indeed he has 
probably done plenty of complaining as 
a player himself I. butonlytoa point l 

Jimmy reports that more officials will 
be needed as basketball season get 
under way in w~nter quarter. If you're 
interested and think you can hack it , get 
ill touch with Lee Johnson at X2282 . 
Most of thi s quarter's off icials are 
enjoying their work and it appears that , 
although rile Two-Legged Zebra is 
constantly on the endangered species 
list, the chance of its extincition is 
minimal. 

Fish Fry Frestlo 
This is about the Fresno State game, a rather typical affair 

which began around lunchtime last Saturday and came to a 
happy ending just in time ror dinner . The final score was 14-13, 
though , as you may already know. this indicates neither the 
tempo of play nor the points amassed by the refs. who scored 
93. 

The Tritons were in no sense of the world "up " for the game. 
having played the day before. and it showed at the end of a 
disasterous 1st quarter. 5-2 Fresno. But Fresno was able to 
cope with neither the refs nor the perseverance of the local fish 
and soon the game had evened out to another one of those one 
goal affairs. At one point in the third quarter . the locals led 9-6. 
but that was perhaps deceiving. 

By the time the end of the quarter rolled around. it was clear 
that foul s would be a telling factor. Four UCSD starters were 
sitting on the sidelines. having bumbled their way out on fouls . 
by the time the final gun sounded leavmg everyone in the 
stands wondering what happens in a tie game. The answer is 
overtime, which to those of you who became confused. really 
consists of two periods, so that each team i stuck with the 
shallow end once. With a minute and a half left in this 
extension, Fresno fouled out a man and found that there lI'as 
nobody in the place left who would play on their side. 

This. it must be admitted, shook the Tri tons a little. for they 
had been ahead in score before . but never in men. Such a 
situation should be an automatic goal every lime down court. 
but to add to the excitement of the game, the Tritons decided to 
blow it the first three times they had the ball . A fell' seconds 
later . it appeared that Stoner pulled a boner. collecting his fifth 
foul. In the ensuing mess. Wonder Boy cleverly reversed his 
cap ana convinced the official scorer he was a sub-and 
reentered the tank . Bad decision, though. as a fist in the face 
caused him to play aslh~ a little tipsy the rest of the game. 

When the overtime gun sounded everyone realized that 
UCSD had screwed around so much that they still hadn 't won. 
Embarrasing. with an extra man and all. A historical first (for 
UCSD) followed. sudden death. For the first lime of the day 
UCSD won the spring. the ball , and hence the game. They 
played a clever strategy passing from Stoner to Pickle. to 
Stoner to Pickle to Stoner to Pickle to Sti1lenger. AHA? Fooled 
everyone in the place but the goalie. Fortunately Dave 's shot 
was perfect. burning the hair out of the goalie 's armpit , and 
Fresno went home disgusted. 

Records and firsts : Pickle popped a ball . but also scored 7 
goals : Mark Reimer thrown out [or illegally treading water : 
Gary Becker, first coaching foul : Trudy. quickest and dumbest 
finger on the buzzer. taking a goal away: And of course. 
Stillenger . best shooting percentage. I for I. 

Saturday Oxy at II. bring a lunch. By the wa y, if you have 
any questions about the game that you 're burning to have 
answered, write them to Box 6234 . but please not about the 
refling , cause we just can't explain them . .. 

UCSD W'ins in Aztec 
Mark Lisko 

The UCSD cross country 
team once again claimed 
victory Saturda y. finishing 
fir st among four other schools. 
The scene was Balboa Park . 
the 29th Annual Aztec 
Invita tionai College Division . 
The final results were UCSD 
235 points. Cl 246 , Azusa -
Pacilic 275. and Pasadena . who 
lI'ent down trying. 278. 

The tage was set [or the 
usual outstanding performance 
of Ed AvO!. He placed third in 
the running with a good time of 
33 :02. A plea ant urprise was 
the running of Bob De 
Leonardis. He is becoming 
very consistent and finished 
directly behind Avol in fourth . 
The depth was provided by the 
performances of Kirk Newell 
and Jerry King. These runners 
finished lOth and 8th . 
respectively . tFigure that one 
out If you canl . The TRITONS 
had three other runners finish . 
Bob Holzinger. Chuck 

Crumly and that fres hman who 
is continuing to amaze. Bob 
Perez. 

The big meet, however. is yet 
to come. and that will be at 
Chapman Co lleg e next 
Saturdav at 11. This the famed 
Chapman Invitational. an 
annual big affair Among 
colleges who will be running in 

C D' divi IOn will be Cal 
State Fullerton. L.B. State. 
Biola, UCR. Fresno - Pacific 
and Westmont The big 
competition will be between 
L.B. tate and Riverside for 
final sta nding s. Good 
performance . however, are 
expect d by Ed Avol , De 
Leonardis and Jerry King. 

Thu far , the harriers have 
had a fairly succe ful season. 
The race Saturday could be the 
high point of the season. The 
Tritons could do unexpectedly 
well and surprise everyone. At 
any rate, it will be a good race . 

r:Irn Radio: 
A pirate station? 

Find out, Tune in 
FM Stereo 90 

FLEXIBLE FRENCH 
TRY IT. FOR $49. 

"Programmed Learnino" makes Sullivan unique . 
It lets you lailor a language course to su it your sltlatlon. 
All your lessons are private , scheduled at your convenience. 

You pfogress al your own rate. 
Our Introductory Course in French, German, 

Spanish or English is just $49. 
All language courses are easy , fun and inexpensive at Sullivan. 

And we can prove it. 
Just call to schedule a Free Demonstration lesson ... 

2022 CAMINO DEL RIO NORTH 
SAN DIEGO 291·9410 

Sullivan Language Schools 
AL TERNATIVE LANGUAGE EDUCATION 

An educ.t lon, 1 division of 
8eh.vlor. 1 AtMlfCh uboutOfI. , . Inc. , 

PACIFIC 
HONDA-TRIUMPH 

HONDA 

COMPLETE SERVICE DEPT. 
MANY USED IN STOCK 

WE BUY, SELL 
CONSIGN & INSURE 

PACIFIC BEACH 1277 GARNET 
272-5511 

Triton Times October 29,1971 POCj)e 7 



I 

the week in review 

baer on bach 
roberto axel rod 

An oft-repeated success max im for informal classica l 
concerts goes something like this ... "Make it Bach, and make it 
free. " On Sunday night. John Baer anc l:is company of 
musicians and friends took the last step: they made it good as 
well . 

The mood of the evening was certainly informal. and as 
intimate as it could be considering the enormous crowd that 
did come. The audience was quite diversified : burnoosed and 
bewhiskered aficinado sa t on the noor along ide the ladies of 
La Jolla : but the love of baroque furnished a present-if-short· 
lived bond between. The performers were gently arrayed and ' 
arranged in a tintype elegance, qUite removed fro m the 
ironclad virtuosity of many Bach concerts. 

The first piece. "Concerto for 2 Harpsichords in C major," 
was glowy and soft. with the aud ience swaying to the baroque 
rhythm. (I counted at least 15 simultaneous rockers. with a 
nu'mber of Ie s-emphatic nodders and tappers l. The timbral 
dirrerence between the two harpsichords created a subtly two-
voiced effect. with the chamber orchestra providing a defi ning 
background. The next piece was the " 6th Brandenburg 
Concerto," for viola and continuo : this. a difficult and 

rh~thmically Intricate piece. was well carried-off by the group. 
A cantata. "Jauch let Gott in Allen Landen (no. 51 )," " praise 

Cod In all the land ," wa the third pie('e performed The 
presentation was respectful without being heaVily religIOUS. 
most eVident was the sweet conflict of the high soprano vocal 
part against the trumpet and orche tra . The audience was 
absolutelY transfixed bv the melodv·waves. 

The last piece was the "Harpsichord Concerto in D minor ;" 
a complex work . it provided the musIcians with a chance to 
display their technical abilnies as well a their muslcally-
translated feelings . The piece centered on an electric 
harpSichord part I figurativel\, speakmg I which was performed 
wiht a gr at deal of gallantn' As the piece neared close. the 
audience was on edge . one could almost feel the collective 
satisfaction at th end Daresay . Bach would have dug it. 

lurandol 
kothryn rudner 

"Turandol." Puccinl's most elaborate opera . was performed 
last week at the an Diego Civic Theater. Although Puccini did 
not hve to complete the opera . Franco Alfano did admirable 
job In completing th last duet and the flOal scene. Alfano 's 
work has been subjected to a great deal of critici m slOce the 
opera's first performance in 1926 To canini once refused to 
conduct past PUCClnI'S olin v.ork . On the whole . however. 
Alia 10 was verI' faithful to PUCClnl 'S stvle. and the flOale is one 
of th ' eme~ u'sed earlier In the opera .' 

TIl' pera is a particularl\ difficult onc lor the soprano in the 
tltl~ r Ie Her first slngll1~ Jppearance IS not made until the 
senn act when she must p~r!orm senes 01 demandlOg solos 
As rurandot. Klara Barlo\\ gave an excellent. If flawed. 
perl JI'Inance of a role v.llIch too often IS mad IOto a Katl ha-
like d I dd~1 C~I"r. n~ ,n .. I nkoown Pnnce was givcn a 
gool rlormanc b~' Hlchard f a '~ ill~ Though a slll~ had a 
tenrc '~. to flat 10 most at the glamorous ana. which are 
pro· I d lor the tenor . hiS overall pertormance wa sincere 
and ~' able. and hiS voice I hell ver~' pleasing. 

Ellner Hind . in th thankle s role of Liu wa actuall~' the 
eup 10~1(, highlight of the opera . H r weet oprano VOIC and 
und 'rita ted acting In a tragic role were most effective . The 
characl r role of Timur and om fine ba solos wer 
rendered b\' Ram10nd 1\IIclal kl. 

For the rest. 'adequat renditions were the general rule. The 
part of the Mandann and Alloum lIere fa ir The children's 
choru wa d fi nit I~' "off" and th general choru only 
averag Ping. Pang. and Pong w re actually v ry good, but 
their parts were marred b)' a deletion in the second act. and 
some poor stage direct ion. 

Page 8 Triton Times October 29, 1971 

" Music is a mirror of life," according to Louis Krasner , 
distinguished violinist who is the current guest lecturer in the 
UCSD Music. Department. Krasner has presented two 
seminars , in which he played the Berg Violin Concerto and the 
Schoenberg Violin Concerto. Both recitals were unquestionably 
excellent. exciting and thought-provoking. The foremost 
thought in my mind concerned the violinist himself. I found 
Krasner to be an intelligent conversationalist, a revolutionary 
musician, and an incredible man. 

He was born in Russia and came as a child to the U.S. He 
studied music at the Boston Conservatory and then went on to 
Europe to play. Krasner 's insatiable curiosity led him to 
explore new musical fields . Therefore he he- worked a great 
deal with new music and its composers, among them Alban 
Berg. Arnold Schoenberg and Anton Webern. Krasner has 
chosen the other road , musically speaking, innovating and 
attacking problematic music head-on. Not many travel this 

Mark W. Siegel 

On Nov. 5, Pharoah Sanders 
will be performing in concert in 
the UCSD gym. He will be 
leading a quartet consisting of : 

1 

Ornelle Coleman in San 
Francisco. While Coleman was 
flooring "critics" with hi s free 
style, Sanders felt that it was a 
most limitless, natural style. 

Lonnie Liston Smith, piano ; Pharoah Sanders became 
Sanders, tenor and alto quite conscious of harmonics 
saxophones: Cecil McBee, through studie, and the 
Bass; and Clifford Jarvis. technical experti se and genius 
percussion. Each player will be • of John Coltrane. He first met 
using many different rhythm Coltrane in the bay area. In an 
and harmonic instruments. interview in Jazz and Pop, 
genera ting fresh sounds, as Sanders relates ," He had 

risky road, especially when .. nother far safer and easier way is 
available. But then again, not many achieve the success and 
satisfaction of being an individual, as Krasner has. 

We talked of the problems in music today and some very 
important ideas were brought out. Music has been an intrinsic 
part of man but recently , it seems, society makes music a 
subsidiary of man. Music has been owned, so to speak, by the 
churches, the royalty and then the courts - all of whom 
dictated what it was to be, how it should be played and when. 
Presently, we have "rich bankers" subsidizing concert halls 
and orchestras. 5000 years ago, music was never like this . It 
was financed , dictated and created by the people. It actually 
touched them for they were instrumental in its existence. 

with a Virtuoso 
There is a movement among youth today to try and bring 

music back " for the people." they want to make the music 
their own, very personal. Such devotion , intensity and 
expressiveness has never been seen be(ore. But the movement 
insists on using its own music - often times I'noisy," as 
Krasner says. And because an establishment views it as such, 
it is, of course made louder and noisier by the movement. 
Krasner looks toward the new generation to carryon musical 
and social change but not at the expense of throwing away 
classical music . The music field must change, as must SOCiety, 
especially those cases in which concert music becomes only a 
social appendage, another frill of " good society." The leaders 
of these orchestras do nothing to bring on new, challenging 
music, except when they are forced, once again by society. 

Another problem in music is whether it should be made only 
an esoteric, academician 's art. That way, there would be no 
misunderstanding as to who would listen and who would 
create. But music is also an entertainment. " It is a museum 
and circus at the same time." Closing music to the people 

you know - he really felt right 
with any of them . One 
mouthpiece that I had he J;eally 
liked, so I gave it to him. Later. 
we somehow hot into a 
conversation about meat, and 
how come I don 't eat meat 
myself. Then into the spiritual 
thing. I think a lot about Cod , 
and what a man puts into his 
body. you know. But t think I 
want to get into the heart of 
things - if a pwrson was a ware 
of the deeper part of himself, I 

In New York he began to find 
musicians who felt as he did 
about music . The fr ee 
expression and 
experimentations of Coleman, 
Don Cherry and others helped 
expand Sanders ' ideas further. 
And all during this time, his 
friend hip with John Coltrane 
grew. The two had become 
quite close, and would diSCUSS 
extensively elements of life 
and religion. 

Together they searched for 

Pharoah Sanders to Blow His Sax 
inten e as any in jazz today. 

The musical journ y of 
Sanders is one which might 
enable the listener (a nd 
reader ) to better feel his 
music. 

Born in Little Rock . 
Arkansa in 1940. Sanders had 
an early interest in becoming 
an artist. In junior high. his 
interests turned towards 
music . First as a percussioni t. 
and later as a reedman, 

~haroah ga ined much insight 
into jazz from his high school 
band di rector . It wa wh n he 
was fifteen that he began to 
become fascinated by the 
various ounds that could 
emerge from wind 
instruments. 

Pharoah began to expa nd his 
understanding through 
studying the tuba . baritone 
horn . drums. clarinet. and 
flute . When he was nineteen hc 
began tudying the tenor 
saxophone .. By this time he was 
playing with various R&B 
groups that cam through 
town. A ide from Itung '" with 
musiCians. he began to listen to 
vanous recordings of jazz. 
copying the solo leads. and 
imprOVising on top of them . 

I\lajored in Art 
Not ",antin!! to stav In the 

outh. Pharoah accepted a 
cholarship to Oakland JUDlor 

College ID t959 There h 
majored in art but continued 
plavlOg rock and blues gigs lor 
a few vears lie was now 
listening' to Coltrane. Ornette 
Coleman. Sonm Rollins. Eric 
Dolphy. Booke'r Ervin, Hank 
Mobelv, Bennv Colson and 
Horace Silver"s group. His 
main interest was in tenor 
saxophon Pharoah thought 
that one should play whatever 
h felt . and realized this more 
when he met and worked with 

trouble fitting a mouthpiece. 
This is a time that I all\'ays 
remember, John asked me if I 
would go out and help him find 
some mouthpieces. At the time 
I had about 25 or 30 
mouthpieces. and I couldn't 
fi nd the sound that I wanted out 
of the mouthpieces. ' so we 
looked together. I still can 't 
find the ri ght mouthpiece . 

" Well. anyway. we went 
through pawn shops and got out 
this mouthpiece and that one 
and left that one and went to 
another - there were lots of 
pawn shops and it was tak ing 
all day long. And in the 
meantim , he bought some 
mouthpieces bUl l don 't thi nk-

think we would have a more 
beautiful world ." 

Spiritual Expression 
Brings Closeness 

This turn towards a spiritual 
expre sion of oneself drew 
Sanders and Coltrane closer 
together. Sa nders decided to go 
to New Youk 'in 1962. He made 
it acro s in a - car that 
constantly broke down , and 
began .his tay with absolutely 
no money. 

His fi rst gig ID New York was 
with "C" Sharp and Billy 
Higgins. [t paid $8 a night. and 
las ted close to a year. He also 
supported himself as a cook-
waiter-counte r-man. 

clearer forms of 
communica tion through music. 
and pushed to see if they could 
fi nd what they could do with 
their music in the future. 
Coltrane noted . "Sanders is a 
ma n of la rge spirit ual 
reservoir. He's always trying 
to reach out to truth . He's 
trying to allow his spiritual self 
to be his guide. He's dealing, 
among other things, in energy, 
in integri ty. in essences." 

Sanders has continued the 
search for tru th that Coltrane 
began some eight years ago. 
With it, he tries to express his 
feelings in the purest form : "I 
feel that If a person wants to 
play music, you know, h just 
takes what he has and comes 
ou t to play. You know, [al ways 
feel that if you have somethlOg 
to say, then play no matter 
what. If you've got that kind of 
energy you should play - It'S 
like I say to you, come on out 
and pl ay ." (Jazz, and Pop, 
Feb .. 1970 1 

In writing to an audience not 
accustomed to Sand rs ' style. 
music cri tic John Sinclair said. 
" The band 's sound moves from 
the softest moans and b lis and 
tambourines to the most 
intense nonamplified spirit-cry 
to be hea rd anYWhere, wiht a 
ra nge of melody and f hng 
that is astounding. When the 
songs are allowed to move to 
their natural ends, with 
Pharoah crying the terrific 
scream of hi s tenor saxophone, 
th sound is as intense and as 
full of feeling as you are ev~r 
likely to hear . I'll promise you 
one thing : you 've never heard 
anything like this band and· its 
music before. Pharoah Sanders 
is a man and a mu ician of 
great strength and beauty and 
you would do well to get 
yourself next to him as soon as 
you can." 

would make them lose all cosmic sense. Fortunately, there 
isn't much of a chance for this extreme condition to occur, 
because even today, the audience has its demands, and the 
artist, his need to express. 

Many groups and individuals in the field of music today are 
extremely talented, .. , DO' sellolarly. Music is an art and 
because of this there are standards by which it must be judged. 
Maybe we overlook too many standards in analyzing music 
today. We are satisfied with less, I believe. 

Krasner hopes that music will become more a part of the 
mainstream of the new ideas of the young, In addition to 
enjoying their own music they should bring over from across 
the tracks those musicians and their music who aren't 
supposed to be there anyway. They always listened to a 
different drummer. " 

I have been greatly innuenced by talking with Krasner. One 
forgets, while the radio is blasting, the stereo screaming and 
one's roommate's Jew's harp twanging, that music is not to be 
tolerated, but truly feIt and consciously absorbed into one's 
life. 

La ANC['LL~ 
INT[.I)NATIONAl 

r.llM 
[XDO~ITION 

Los Angeles, the world 's center of film production, now joins 
New York , San Francisco, Cannes, Venice, and Berlin in 
presenting to the public a motion picture event of internationa I 
importance : the Los Angeles International Film Exposition. 

Filmex, the abbreviated title for the presentation, will 
present to the Los Angeles public the entire cinematic 
spectrum : " vintage " films, new films, animated films, 
documentaries and underground pieces. 

Among the new films 10 have their premiere at the Filmex 
are : Peter Bogdanovich's "The Last Picture Show" 
(Bogdanovich is the gentleman who directed "Targets"); 
" Blushing Charlie" by Vitgot Sjoman of " I am Curious" and 
"491" fame); "The Cow," directed by Daryush Mehrjui from 
Iran : and " Rip-Off" by UCLA graduate Donald Shebib, who 
filmed the movie in Canada. 

The film series commences on Nov. 4 and runs through Nov. 
14. Film students and professors will be admitted free of 
charge to the II a .m. showings of the movies, and, any student 
(if he or she has a valid student identification card ) will be able 
to obtain a $1 discount on tickets purchased for the event. 

A special attraction at the festival will be the inclusion of 
eight films from the film noir genre, a film type " discovered" 
by Manny Farber (who is also a professor in the Visual Arts 
Department at UCSDI . films dealing with alienation, crime 
and corruption . Americ::ln films by such directors as Sam 
Fuller and Raoul Walsh in this film noir type of movie have 
been said to be the inspiring catalyst in the French " NeW 
Wave" of cinema . 

For further information concerning tickets and films being 
shown. consult the film schedule below. or consult the Arts 
Editor of the TRITON TIMES. 

SCHEDULE OF FILMS 
All films and film events will be shown at either Grauman's 
Chinese Theatre or the Los Angeles County Museum of Art. 
Date Time Place Film 
Nov. 4 7:30p.m. G.C. THE LAST PICTURE SHOW 

(P. Bogdanovich 1 
5 II a .m. C.C. PENNY SERENADE 

(Geu. Stevens) 
2p.m. Museum ART STATUE 

(Alan Sekers 1 
7 p.m. G.C. THE DECAMERON 

(Pasolini I 
9:30 C.C. BLUSHINCCHARLIE 

(V. Sjomanl 
Midnite G.C. SEX 

tAndv Warhol 1 
6 II a .m. C.C. UNFAITHFULLY YOURS 

( P. Sturges 1 
2 p.m. Museum THE COW 

I Oaryush Mehrjui I 
4 p.m. Museum BUSHMAN 

• I DaVid Schickele ) 
7 p.m. C.C. IN THE SUMMERTIME 

tE. Olm!1 
9:30 C.C. BYELOR SSIA STATION 

(Andrei Smirnov I 
Midnite C.C. FILMS BY JOHN LENNON 

ANDYOKOONO 
qa.m. C.. DOCKSOFN,Y. 

, ( Von Slernber8~ • . 
2 p.m. Museum MEMORIES OF AELEN 

(D. Neves I 
7 p.m. C.C. TEN COMMANDMENTS 

(Demille I 
»:30 G.C. FATAMORCANA 

(Werner Herzog I 

Nov. 

8 11 a .m. C.C. HITCHCOCK MARATHON 
( 5 films ) 

7 p.m.C.C. ROPE 
(Hitchcock) 

9:30 C.C. FILMS FROM THE UNDERGROUND 
9 11 a .m. C.C. ACE IN THE HOLE 

(B. Wilder ) 
2 p.m. Museum Panel Discussion: ARTISTIC 

FREEDOM : RESTRAINTS& 
RESPONSIBILITIES 

9 7 p.m. C.C. 

9:30 C.C. 

10 II a .m. G.C. 

2p.m. Mu eum 

7 p.m. G.C. 

MODERN TIMES 
(Chaplin ) 
RIP-OFF 
(Donald Shebib) 
LONG VOY ACE HOME 
(Ford ) 
THE WOMAN'S F[LM 
(followed by panel discussion) 
A NA 
(Jorn Donner ) 

9:30 C.C. MURDER OF FRED HAMPTO 
M. Grey Assoc ) 

II II a.m. C.C. LADY OF THE P VEMENTS 
(Criffith 1 

2 p.m. Museum Brazil : A REPORT ON TORTURE 
(H. Wexler & S. Landa u) 

7 p.m. G.C. KID BROTHER 
(Lloyd ) 

9:30 C.C. LE BOUCHER 
(Claude Chabrol) 

12 II a .m. C.C. BABY DOLL 
(Elia Ka zan) 

2 p.m. Museum A Tribute to Jacques Demy 
7 p.m. C.C. THE RIVER 

(Renoi r) • 
9:30 G.C. PEAU D'ANE 

lDemy l 
Midnite C.C. MYSTERY OF THE WAX MUSEUM 

(Curtiz I 
13 lIa .m. C.C;. THE CABALLEROS 

lDisney) 
Noon-7 Museum Film oir (7 films, " PICK UP 

ON SOUTH STREET," "CUN 
CRAZY, " " KISS ME DEADLY," 
"WHITE HEAT," " T-MEN ," 
"OUT OF THE PAST," "THEY 
LIVE BY NIGHT" 

7 p.m. C.C. A PROGRAM OF ANIMATION 
9:30 C.C. FOUR NIGHTS OF A DREAMER 

(Bresson ) 
Nov. 14 II a .m. C.C. THE STUDENT PRINCE IN 

OLD HEIDELBERG (Lubitsch) 
Noon·7 Museum Continuation of Film 

Noir. " followed 
7 p.m. C.C. MURMUR OF THE HEART 

Possibilities 
'/'ulw u Il'u lk clrll \'n Ihl' 
/much 
Glicl p. 10 II gliclf!r 
( ;0 sud lng or fOll'i nQ 
Ta k, ' CI CU ll ll' ''CI nul unci 
,ukl' CI grf!Cl I clf'ul 01 
pi1oln,qruphs 
Rpud CI nol'('/ thul I"U 
cion 'I hu l'l> tn rpw" rn r 
clo s 
1.& Il'n (n on Cl /iJurn 
'/'(lkl' nu( \lJ ur mu icul 
Ins(rullH'n( Ihu( hu. IWI'n 
.Quti1f ' fIIlg "USI IInci p/ClI il 

.\ IHI!( snrnf!/)ocll'. 
\\'riff! I /W 11'111';' I 'IIU hun' 
iJ '!f 'n pull I n,Q n I r: 
Dancl' 
I f I·tllllm·" \nur purt'nt ... 
tl'{1 (11I'0l . 
.\ luk,' u long "151(//lCI' 
tl'/"phnnf! rull " Inu (;[In 
uffnrd i( 
Tuk,' CI (ril'n t/ ln gn gp( un 
trl' CWUIll ron,' 
\luk,' I/Jur (}I I n list O( 
1\'f ,I,k"nel POSSI hilll /I''' . und 
I'n /111 Inu r~'" ( 

SAN DIEGO 
SYMPHONY CHESTRA 

SAN DIEGO CIVIC THEATRE 
TWO SUBSCRIPTION SERIES 

8 Thursdays or 8 Fridays at 8:30 

Nov. 4 & 5 PETER EROS 
ORCHESTRAL PROGRAM 
WAGNER: OWr1U f. to Ole Melsterllnger von 
Nurnberg COPLAND' Belle' Suile from Bil ly Ihe Kid BEETHOVEN: Symphony No. 3, "Eroleo" 

Nov. 18 & 19 PETER EROS 
Ll LIT GAM PEL, Violin 
WEBER: Overture to OM ra" 
MENDELSSOHN; Violin Con eerto 
TCHAIKOVSKY: Symphony NO.5 

Jan. 13 & 14 ANDRE KOSTELANETZ 
ALICIA DE LARROCHA, Pieno 
ROSSINI : Overture 10 5emirlm id. SCHUMAN: New Englend Tri ptych (dedleoled 
10 and premIered by Maeslro Kolt.lanet:) 
RAVEL: p.ano Concerlo in G. MaJo, FRANCK: Symphony In D Minor 

Jan. 27 & 28 JAMES LEVINE 
JANET BAKER, Muzo 
eACH: Piano tHarpslehord) Concerto NO. 5 
In F Minor 
UAHlER' Songs from Rucke rt MA HLER Symphony No.5 

Feb 10 & 11 DONALD JOHANOS 
MISHA DICHTER. Piano 
BERLIOZ: CorsI.' Overture 
BARTOK: Plano Concerto No 3 DVORAK ' Symphony No a 

Mar 9 & 10 HARRY NEWSTONE 
JANOS STARKER, Cello 
WALTON ' Seap,no IComedy) Overture SHOSTAI«lVICH: Cello Coneorto HAVDN SymphOny No. 94 In 0 Malor, 
" SurPtlse" Symchony 
STRAVINSKY. Flrebud Suite 

Mar 30 & 31 DONALD JOHANOS 
Choral Concert {SolOists 10 be annOUnced! MOZART "'ass in C Minor (K 421) 
PENOERECK I: Oles Irae, " AuschWitz Orltor lo" 

Apr 13 & 14 ROBERT EMILE . 
HORACIO GUTIERREZ. Piano 
MOZART ' Impresnrlo Overture RACHMAN INOFF' Piano Concerto No. 2 HINOEMITH Malhi. der Mahler 

FREE STEREO RECORDING of Ihe San DIego Symphony 
performing works by Wagnp r. Schubert and Beethoven 
for all new season subscnbers (Ma rk check or order "New 
Subscriber.") . 
r------- ----------------i 

Please mail wllh your check or credll card number to 
SANDIEGOSYMPHONY,P 0 Box3 t75,SanDlego.Ca92103 

NAME ____________________________ __ 

ADDRESS __________________________ __ 

PHONE (DAY)I _______ (NIGHT) _____ _ 
CITY __________________ ....LZIP _____ _ 

YOUR STUDENT DISCOUNT 
Single 

Sect,on Seal 
A S600 
B 500 
C 450 
D 375 
E 300 

Season 
Tolal 
S4800 
4000 
3600 
3000 
24.0.0 

(Check Appropnale Boxes) 
A 0 Orcheslra 

o Lo Loges 
C Dress Circle 

Student & 
Milita ry 

S2000 
1600 
1500 
12 00 
10.00 

o Mezzanine 

I B 0 Orchestra !J Ores's Circle 0 Mezzanine 
C 0 Upper Loges 0 Lower Balcony O·U 
D 0 Upper Balcony v-x 
E 0 Upper Balcony Y·EE 

{ :J Thurs night} PLEASE RESERVE 0 Fn night _____ Seats 
@TOlal.$, ______ _ 

o Charge My, 
I !J BankAmencard No ___________ _ 
I 0 Maslel CtlBr(le No __ 
I Charge Card Expiration Date I 0 Check Enclosed L _________________ ______ ~ 

Triton Times October 29, 1971 Page 9 



• FflfI. InID Ne Z specialized tecbllo •• l Ikills. While people 
treatment rr re, wbile he was assigned to from the liberal arts backlfOUDd still form the 
India 's popu tion control program. Utilizing backbone of the Peace Corps, engiDeers who 
untapped al)ilities be, as an American who at can plan and build transportation systems, 
times moved outside the system, bad an geologists who know bow to develop mineral 
immediately felt effect on the community. resources, marine biologists experienced in 

Guided by the Peace Corps objective of fishery development, and thoR skilled in trades 
providing self-reliant services and such IS auto mechanics, printing, and 
development, Larry worked more as a catalyst construction, are in great demand today. 

n 
What the ok!", is A1pba Pbi 
Omega? 

. We are the fraternity that is 
: not a fraternity : 

TIle 
Pannikin 

1296 Prospect 
Freshly Roo~ttd Coffee 
Sulk Teo~ 
Imported Culinory Item~ than a temporary problem solver, wbose Not only does the Peace Corps experience 

achievements would only remain as memories. train you to be effective at helping people, but it 
He was part of a team that set the process in is also one of the last adventures open to 
motion. Today three hundred thousand are Americans. The Millers discovered new talents 
working under the direction of the Indian and perhaps even a purpose in life; the decision 
government to give the nation adequate to enter medical studies was no doubt 
nutritional and health services. Larry's goal influenced by their slay in India. Intimate 
was to transfer his skills and motivation to the contact with an exotic culture like the M~lIers' 
people he worked with. which showed them the Indian religion anll way 

We are a group of students 
interested in making new 
friends and doing service for 
others. 

Special Tea This WHk: .. "..., .... ., 

If tbis interests you , too ; no 
matter wbat the reason, please 
contact us: 
Mike Carrol H-41 Tioga 453-8565 
Ken Blair 615 Argo 453-0650 
Charlie Cbandler 332 Argo 4li3-

Larry notes that the needs of developing of life as it effected the people, the community 
countries are chan~in~. Their reauests for and the Indian society as a whole, is a 
volunteers are becoming specific as they rewarding experience in that it broadens your 
develope heavy industry and need the help of horizons. 

, . ~~~~~~~~~~~~--------------------------
BSU ... 

From Page 4 
committee. cultural activities 
committee. community affairs 
project com m ittee. defense 
committee. and the 
constitution committee. 

issue facing the Black 
American today is the question 
of power - Black Power." 

Want to hear a relevant 
message about a personal 

relationship concerning ,ou? 

look at tbe UCSD BSU 
structure, one would note the 
variety of constructive 
committees within the BSU. 
There is the communication 

However. contradictions are 
still quite prevalent 
especially in terms of the 
UCSD Black Student Union. 

Perhaps the BSU philosophy 
sums it up . " BSU sees the 
racial crisis in America as 
resulting from the failure of 
educated Blacks and concerned 
Whites to deal effectivelfwith 
the question of power for 
Blacks . Therefore . 'BSU 
believes that the most crucial 

BSU meetings are held each 
Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. in 
lecture hall 201. located on 
Matthews Campus. All Black 
students are invited to attend 

U.C. hllapllsl Cllurch 1:10 , I hOO -. 
La.lola ,.... Dr. at G ...... 

Sunda, ScheoI .. 10:45 at (.D.c. committee , education 
committee . finance 

PETE WILSON FOR MAYOR 
• Young, Dynamic Leadership 
• Environmentalist 
• Proponent of Change 
San Diego's voters have indicated they want 
a change and Pete Wilson gives them an 
opportunity to get one. As an assemblyman, 
Pele fought for EOP, ESL and Head Start 
funds. He (luthored the "no bust" policy for 
drug users and California's first coastline 
protection bill, As a candidate [or mayor, he 
is against billboards and high rises at the 
beach and for meaningful controls on new 
development. 

BOB DAVIS 
CAMERA SHOP 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

VOTE NOVEMBER 2 (Paid/or by Pete H 'ilsollior Mayor COllllllillee Oscar Padillia , Treasurer) 7717 FAY 459-7355 
LORI'S FRIAR'S FISH & CHIPS 

3945 GOVERNOR DR ., UNIVERSITY CITY 
(UNIVERSITY SQUARE SHOPPING CENTER) 

GOVERNOR AND GENESSEE 

MONDAY INC. ROll, BUTTER, WEDNESDAY , 
CHICKEN FRY FRIES AND SALAD FISH FRY 

$1.39 

ASSORTED GOURMET SANDWICHES 
ROAST BEEF 

(ORNED BEEF 

TRY OUR 
KOSHIR 
HOT DOCi 

W / EVERYTHINCi 
& FRIES 

PASTRAMI 

SUBMARINE 

! 
i 

I 
I 

~ 

I 
:: 

JOHNNY SMITH 
AND THE 

ALPHABETICALS 
FEATURING FORMER INK SPOT 

CROONER JOHNNY. SMITH 
BEGAN CAREER WITH ED SULLIVAN 

JAZZ-RHYTHM & BLUES-SOUL 
FEATURING EDI E SCOTT VOCALIST 

ENTERTAINING NITELY FROM 8:30 pm -1:30 am 
TUESDAY THRU SATURDAY 

DANCING NIGHTLY 
OPEN DAILY 5 PM CLOSED SUN 

THE BARBER SHOP LOUNGE ~ HOURS 11 AM· 9 PM DAilY I 428 SANTA FE DRIVE ENCINIT AS 
~ All FOOD CAIIBEOIDERIDTO TAKE OUT § ADJACENT TO COLONY KITCHEN 

, 
. 

:: 276·4802 (TOLL FlEE) = NO ONE UNDER 21 ADMITTED 
~',alll llllllllllllllll lllllllllltIlIlllIllll l llllIIllll IIIII I IIIIIIIIIIIIIIllllll1l11l1l11l1l1l111llIlllll'IIIlllIIllllllIlIlII'IIIIIItI'HIIIIIIIIlI1l1l11ll1l11llIllllffl. ___________________________ .. 1 
Page 1 0 Tr iton Times October 29, 1971 

~ Radio: 
Hey .. . we're on the air! 

Tune us in! 
HIS Iladio FM Stereo "90" 

A Joseph Janni .,..du,,,n. of John Schlesinger' Film 

4U 
"SundaY iBloody Sunday" 
SMTWTFS 

Gienda Jackson Peter Finch 
Murray Head 

... uh p~., Alihcroh Tlm, Hrithln ~I .. uncc I>..onham 1\c~'Il' I.A I\\: \" I\j,m Pil..kks 
., .... pI" b. Penelope Gilliatt " ,,~,,"J' . J '",ph Janni 

IRI M"~~~ I>,,,,,J '" John , ' hlc,in~cr UnltBd ArtIsts -"~"<""--"" ='---=-... .:....:-~.G""' ...... 
EXCLUSIVE ENGAGEMENT 

Starts Today! 
Shows Nigh!ly- 6:00. 8:00. 10:00 

Matinees Sa! & Sun.-2:00 & 4:00 

"ALL· TALKING All·SlfI8ING All·OANeIN'S ALL·NIION" 

__ EMILE de ANTONIO S 

fllLLHOUSE ~):5;e 
A movie in the tradition of The Marx Bros. 

.I. toItw \,OU r.l11 m lilt! I'IllUSC ~ 

GP • . : ""'--=·= 

FINE ARTS 1818 GARNET 174 4000 

the BIGAPEisback! 
the original uncut version 

unseen '0' 35 ye.,. 

Ed. Scrutinized ... 
CODtiDUed from page t 

survey should not have tried 
to be so speci fic about 
figures. 

"A lot of things happened 
during the 1960's, over which 
the ma ster plan had no 
contro\," he said, including 
inflation, sharply increased 
migration to California and a 
decade of unusual prosperity 
which enabled more families 
to send their children to 
college. 

Long thinks that the select 

committee will concentrate 
. on planning ~hanisms that 

will enable th& state to keep 
pace with changing trends in 
higher education rather than 
making specific predictions 
of figures such a s enrollments 
and costs. 

While Long is cri tical of 
some of the master plans' 
data projections. he giv,!\ it 
credit for providing greaUy 
increased opportunity for 
many California students. 
However, he didn't think 
"anyone imagined the state 
could absorb that many 
students . " 

The select committee also 
will examine the prospects 
for improving statewide 
planning and coordination in 
California higher education. 
The master pia n establi shed 
the Coordinating Council for 
Higher Education to plan for 
orderly growth, but gave the 
council no power to enforce 
its recommendations. As a 
result. few people in 
Sacramento or elsewhere pay 
much attention to the council. 

Dr. Owen A. Knorr , council 
director. said this weakness 
is one of the reasons higher 
education has become 

i 
nCJ(Er PRICI'S:. ~.ooaDVaNCE.$500 aTTHE DOOR Ot./TLElS:CENTRi3L nCKET SY5TEI\? a 

FOR INFORMaTIOO caLL ( )224 '4176 ~ 
r:m. PRODut.TlOn • 

The most relaxing sleep of your 
life ... Every Night. 

NEVER SAGS . NEVER LUMPS 
ANY SIZE WATER MA.nRESS ,. $1495 

Water mattres ' 
bed fram es 29.95 

Liner & JI~a ! !'r pari 
with pur~h.se or 
mall res 8",1 frme 

Llrcest Selectin Watelama Stores 
It Frlme! il S.D. 25'23 Morena Daily 11 -5 p.m.&7. 10 p.m. 276- 281'2 

I:m Radio: 
Non-commercial? 
Find out . Tune in 

FM Stereo 90 

LA JOLLA 
,. 

PHARMACY 
~ Scbool Supplies 

Cosmetics ~ 
955 Prospect 

THE~6~r~~nNBER6RBnNB 
lHlE 0111 BEST STAND UP COMICS 01 BUR nlE 
The 1st Annu~l IENIY BRUCE, 
Underground AUEN BINSBERS 
Halloween AND 

~~!~Fe RlCMDII 
Trick,or·Treats ... and 
Movie Passes to 
Everyone in Costume, 

~\lS­
/ fY A WATERBED FROM: 

.11.rll ••• IrI •••• I.I ••. 
TO THE BESTCOSTUMEcho,.nbyonon.po";OI\U,Y· 

Reconls and Comb Irom: 

hi! ie: 5 slfi 
& MIDDLEARTHCA.'OLE 

TO THE RUNNER-UPS. Polus THE 

L(NNY ."UCI I_ . 
"1lM Y'M'", l - nv .... , ltVI' .... w't¥ 
.... lMiint _ tf'IM .. "" tirM, ~ ., 

.. ..,.",,.., ttl. -~:;v::.,., . ,.71 
!'\ILL MY gAIlY {!II 
.y""" 'r ........ 

Attred "Wit 
,...,...f~ .... ~Y' 

.. .,..tKk " .... .. 
It .. ,"" Atttft 0 1,..,.. 
til ..... OnW AI'ttfWft , 
""".O'~"''t' 
,... 111 YIef1 ... ..,..,." t!'lt 
....... t,..-v ... .,·.Ift ..... 
_"'dllv .wll • • "t .f ",cwlt,io" 
...., .... fft4Ml ........ 
..,.,.... film ItlMh'lt 
1M IIM".,CWN 1tU4NIc, ,., "",.1.., 
COMktlOM ArI bt tMlly """ "~.:::~~~~iJJ 

HIKON' S eMfCKI'" UtlCH 

1t1. "1It:~ ~=!:~~::: ".... 0" ~"""'~I NtIONI I~"""" II, H ..... HI ItJot',.,.., 
21 'M2 "-:"~-"'~f 

" tt'twl OMI kHtt.... . .... tOYftd_ ..... 10"", 
UII'I, " MW .. ..,.. " .. tet'Ul colfteltv .. _ 
V'M' "'It c,"'y N V T' ...... .kIN ,,' 1 

r:m Radio: 
A rumor??? 

Find out. Tune in 
FM Stereo 90 

enme hed in politiCS in recent 
years . 

"There is no effective 
statewide planning and 
coordination in this slate. 
Knorr said in an interview 
"There's a vacuum at the top. 
We can't fill the vacuum With 
our weak little lIgency. so the 
politicans (of both parties I 
move in." 

It is obvious that there IS 
much lacking in the master 
plan and that 
recommendations for change 
must be made. The only 
question is wha t way the 
committee will do it . 
Accusations that the 
committee is approaching the 
problem too philosophically 
and that they are avoiding 
grappling with specific 
problems have been made. 
These people doubt that. 

Assemblyman John 
Vasconcellos ID-San Jose ). 
Chairman of the JOint 
Committee. defended his 
approach ... You have to start 
with broad . philosophical 
questions - otherwise. you're 
just shufflmg the deck again. 
like they did with the first 
master plan - buI I don 'l 
intend to stop here. We '\I be 
coming along with exact 
[actual precise findings and 
recommenda tion ." 

CLINT 
EASTWOOD 

"PLAY MISTY 
FORME" 

... an 'm1,a"on to (error ... 
A UN·VlRSAL·MALPASO CO>,tPANV 
P'CTLRE • TECHN,COLI)!;' Ol 

Exclusive Engagement 
Starts Today! 

Triton Times October 29, 1971 Page 11 



~_ announcements 
Noon, Third College TV 
Studio selection of 
significant events in the 
world of TV, 
"Experlmental Video from 
NY's Global Village" Room 
3, Surge Lab, Me. 

3 to 5 p.m., Coffee hours 
with Lance Beizer (UC 
Draft counselor) in Formal 
Lounge, Revelle. 

7:30 p.m ., movies, "A Man 
and A Woman " plus 
" Moebus Flip", USB 2722. 

8 p.m. Folkdancing in the 
Gym. 

10:30 p.m . Second showing 
of " A Man and A Woman" 
USB 2722. 

Economics Dept. Seminar, 
USB 3060, 3:30 p.m., Dr . 
Lawrence Smith will speak 
on " Private Benefits and 
Costs of Community College 
Educat lon." 

The scheduled joust for the 
Society for a Creative 
Anacron ism has been 
postponed. Meet at the 
Central Library sundeck at 
3: 15 for fight ing practice. 

Shabbat Potluck Dinner 6 
p.m., Sponsored by the 
Jewish Students 
Association . 

Training of Black 
participants for the Sickle 
Cell Test at noon in Or. Ed 
Alexander's Lab in 4410 BH. 
All Black Science members 
are encouraged to attend. 

Coffee Hut entertainment: 
"Horsefeathers" 9 p.m. 
Third College Video 
Theatre "Chicano," a film 
recently televised by CBS 
Special News Report, noon 
in 2100 BSB. Public free. 

AASA invites all Asian 
students, faculty and staff 
to an Asian Dinner at 7 p.m. 
at 2320 Coast Blvd . in Del 
Mar. Asian food wiil be 
served. For directions, 
further information or 
transportation call 755-8685, 
or come to the AASA office -
Bldg . 250. 
The International Club of 
UCSD cordially invites 
everyone to an II Evening 
with Prof. Hannes Alfven," 
Nobel Laureate, and Mrs. 
Alfven at the new 
I nternational Center on MC 
at8 p.m . 

saturday 
First Rugby pract ice 10 
a.m., MC Soccer Field 
Mass for Vo ic es and 
Electronics - Art Gallery, 
8:30 p.m. 

" Halloween Mass" 409 MC 
8:30 p.m. 

advertisements 
for ourselves 

The Bowling Club invites 
the faculty, staff and 
students to participate in its 
activities - choice of two 
leagues, bowling parties, 
etc. - card holding members 
get special discounts at 
Frontier Lanes - Show up at 
Frontier Lanes (Midway 
Dr.,San Diego) at 11:30 
a.m . for leagues and club 
info. 

Dance at Muir Commons 
with Horsefeathers, 8: 30 
p.m . to 12:30a.m. 

UCSD's Organic garden is 
back in operation . Several 
plots have already been 
planted and we should have 
vegetables in a few weeks . 
The garden is half a mile 
north of the Cemral Library 
at the corner of - John 
Hopkins and Genesee. We 
need people to plant, weed, 
water and chase squirrels. 
We meet Saturdays at 11 
a.m . at the garden. Bring 
your tools. For info call Ken 
Frankel at 454-5964. 

Cafe-Ha-Am, 8 p.m. in 
Revelle I nformal Lounge. 
Discussion : "Are You 
Religious? Are You an 
Atheist?" 

Movies, " Who' s Afraid of 
Virginia Woolf," plus liThe 
Door" 7 p.m. and 9:30 p.m . 
USB 2722. 

There will be a SO County 
Environmental Conference 
to discuss the vital Clean 
Environment Act. This is 
the most comprehensive 
anti-pollution measure ever 
presented to the voters. All 
ecologically minded 
citizens should attend at 10 
a.m . in the Casa Real in the 
Aztec Center on the S.E . 
Corner of the SDSC campus. 

There will be a Christian 
Love-Feast at La Jolla Cove 
Park 12:30 p.m. All are 
welcome. Bring food, drinks 
and musical instruments 
for a fine afternoon of 
fellowship and peace 
through sharing God's Lo.ve . 
(Agape). For further info 
call Larry Lightly, 453-9242 
or Chuck Rose, 755-3852. 
Sponsored by TCF and CCe. 

sunday 
AS is sponsoring a 
Halloween Party as a 
scholarship benefit by 
Making Music. This is a 
costume affair which starts 
at 8 p.m. Cost : SI for UC 
students, and S1.50 for 
others at MC Room 210. 

10 a.m. Documentary film, 
liThe World of Martin 
Luther" followed by 
dialogue between Ed 
Donovan (Roman Catholic) 
and John Huber (Lutheran) 
at University Lutheran 

Church. All are welcome at 
the Reformation Day 
observance. 

monday 
Wargaming workshop 
sponsored by the Triton 
Wargaming Society. 6 to 11 
p.m. in seminar room 102, 
Tioga Hall, Muir . 

tuesday 
Drama Club is meeting at 
5:30 p.m. in Q 317, Me. 

Visual Arts Show, UCSD Art 
Gallery (HL Bldg .) thru 
Nov. 12 daily 11 to 3 p.m. 

Attention Insane People of 
Revelle!! ! 

1. Do you find yourself 
kicking dogs and little 
children? 
2. Do you find yourself 
writing "I Love Mary 
Pates" on the Argo 
elevator? 

Well Then : You're Our Ki'nd 
of People!!!! Join us here 

at Radio KRAP, Radio 
FREE Galathea . Just send 
us in a letter or post card 
with your name, address 
and Blood Type to P.O. Box 
4768, UCSD. 

~ __________________ classifieds 
Rewriting for research 
reports , theses, 
dissertations (structural & 
stylistic editing) ; fast, 
exper ienced . 442-2987 
evenings . (11 13) 

EUROPE, 5220-245 round 
trip. Also Middle Ea.st and 
Japan . ESEP , 17613 
Queenswreath Way, Irvine, 
Calif. 92664. (71 4) 833-8060. 
ESEP-UCSD members. ( R) 

EUROPE -I SRAE L-EAST 
AFRICA 
One way and round trip 
student fl ights. Inexpensive 
student camping tours 
throughout West and East 
Europe, including Russ ia. 
SOF A Agent for inter -
CUI u~t:an :; udent charter 
flights . 
CONTACT : ISCA, 11687 San 
Vincente Blvd ., Suite 4, 
L.A ., Calif. 90049 TEL : 
(213) 826-5669 (R) 

Pregnant? Would you 
please talk with us about 
allowing us to adopt your 
baby? Call David or 
Cynthia at 454-2080. (11 / 2) 

NEED O. Chem tutor . Will 
coo mea ls in xcha nge. Peg 
453-4252 . ( 11 2) 

WANTED : Chr i st ia n 
Scientist qi rl w car to dr ive 
& accompany elderly La 
Jolla lady to church on 
Sundays & Weds . eves . 
Sa la ry OPt:01 . Phone 435-4108 
or 435-1450 . ( 10 29 ) 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TIRED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SE RV ICE . 
AMERICAN AND 
FORE I GN CARS . 
REPAIRS AND 
POLLUTION 
CONTROL. STUDE NT 
DISCOUNT 7748 
HERSCHEL LA JOLLA 
(I N THE REAR ) 459-9181 

Forming play group for 1 
yr . olds , 2-3 after -
noons/ week . 277-6649. 

DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
I BM EXECUTIVE 

Service on schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the 
end product . Helen, 459-
8828. ( R) 

Page 12 Triton Times October 29, 1971 

Learning Sk il ls - Our 
approach to understanding 
academic mater ial can he lp 
you pick out important 
po in ts, see relat ionsh ips, 
reta i n informat ion, perform 
bett er on exams . Call 
Adaptive Learning Dept. 
x2401 for an appointment 
w i th a learning sk il ls 
counselor . ( 10 29 ) 

WR I TING CL I NIC 
Readers are ava ila ble to 
check your rough draft or 
help wit h any writ ing 
prob lem you may have . Call 
Adaptive Learninq Dept. 
x2401 (R) 

GIBSON GUITAR for sale 
7557454 . 

For Sale Panasonic Stereo 
w/ Built / in Record Player 
5100. David 4531342 

53 Jeep, reblt, eng . w l7000 
mi ., warn hubs, winch, poly 
- glass tires, roll bar, new 
battery, muffler, fuel pump, 
carburetor, painted inside& 
out, wired 4 trailor x2545, 
7539214. 

The generous gentleman 
who lent me his cushion at 
the Bach concert may pick 
it up at the Lost & Found, 
Campus Pol ice Office. 

1970 Honda 350 needs a new 
home. Please buy me! 276-
8411 (evenings ) 

LOST-longha ir black male, 
cat, white patch under chin, 
two white whiskers on one 
side, crook in tip of tail. 
Reward - Please call 453-
9179. 

I BM Selectric Typing 
Choice of type styles . 
50cents per usual page. 
Theses sl ightly higher . 
Draft correspondence free . 
Bruce, 453-5346. 

EUROPE 
ALL YEAR ROUN D 
FROM WEST COAST 
Round trip from S220; one 
way from S125 . Flights to 
Middle East, Or ient. & 
with in Europe . Phon~ 714 
833-8060, E .S EP . 17613 
Queenswreath Way, Irv)ne, 
Ca . 92664 . ES~P members. 
( R ) 

PROFESSIONAL 
DRAFT 
COUNSELLING by 
competent UCLA Law 
School qr ads, four years 
experience, free interview 
239-4080. ( 11 / 2) 

Thesis - term - papers -
reports typed and 
proofread . 50¢ a page. IBM 
Selectric, call anytime. 
Beatrice Lynch, 753-7356. 
Clip this ad . 

'63 purple - plum Falcon 
conv. needs loving home. 
Under S250Jane, 755-1 251. 

Listen to Jungle Jim's 
Oldies But Goodies Show on 
KPRI 106.5 this and every 
Sunday 4 - 6 pm . Special 
Contest info. this week! 

Let us help you improve 
your reading and vocabu-
lary skills . Improve you r: 
G RE potential. Call toda',1 
for a free exam on ou~1 
Reading Eye Camera . Cal 
4542221 or 4540118. 

ASK YOURSELF 
AQUESTION 

ThMt Answ.r It 


