
CE P Plans for Dept. Studied 
Rod Lorang 
Staff Writer 

The Academic Senate Committee on 
Educational Policy is currently discussing a 
proposal that a Department of Communications, 
based in Third College, be formed at UCSD. In 
addition CEP, which is charged with the 
supervision of courses at UCSD, is studying a 
proposal for a department of Applied 
Behaviorial Sciences, and has already recom-
mended to Chancellor York that a teacher's 
credential program be established at UCSD. 

The proposal for a communications depart-
ment was made by Prof. Nelson Shiller, who 
teaches the communications cour sesnow offered 
at Third College. Indications are that CEP will 
recommend the formation of the department to 
Chancellor York. But the committee's recom-
mendation would be just that-a statement of 
"advisability from the point of view of 
educational excellence, not feasibility." And 
the financial feasibility of anything In the UC 
system is a very big question this year. 

Would Meet Need 
The department, if formed, would fill an im-

mediate need for Third College. Says Prof. 
Michael Benamou, chairman of CEP. "Third 
College needs this department to fulfill its plan 
for its curriculum. Beyond that," he adds, "It 
will have a much larger role." 

"In general," says Benamou, "a Department 
of Communications would focus on a systematic 
study of mass media as social institutions." It 
would also "serve the need for journalism very 
much ... in pushing the analysis of who controls 
the press, what effect the press has over people, 
what are the economic, the social, the 
psychological effects of the communications 
process. A degree in communications of that 
type would be very valuable." 

"Communications" has become a euphemism 
for everything from "writing English papers to 
learning how to take on a role in a TV show," 
says Benamou. "But these euphemisms we hope 
would not be a part of the Communications 
Department. . .The usual standards of ex-
cellence of UCSD will be maintained, if we 
decide to help this department to be formed." 

Reaction Mixed 
The initial reaction to the idea of forming such 

a department has been highly mixed. When 
Benamou received the proposal from Shiller, he 
informed the Visual Arts, Drama, Music, 
Literature, Sociology, Psychology and 
Linguistics Departments, and asked for com-
ments on the educational merits of a department 
of communications. The replies were almost 
evenly divided. "But," says Benamou, "The 
arguments against are being answered." Course 
ideas for the proposed department are being 
formulated now. The proposal will eventually 

About 35 UCSD student picketed tbe entrance to Miramar Naval Air tation during peak traffic 
bours for tbree day last week as part of a nation-wide lettuce boycott called by Caesar Cba ez of 
tbe UFWOC. Tbe students were protesting defen e department patronage of non-union lettuce 
growers. 

come before the full CEP for a vote on what to 
recommend to the chancellor. 

Mter that, says Benamou, "He can take our 
advice, or reject it, but this year I have a feeling 
that the faculty is being heard and is being 
listened to. UCEP (the state-wide committee) 
has already had quite a bit of influence on 
statements President Hitch has made. We have 
changed some things radically. And so I'm not 
too discouraged." 

But statements can be changed and advice 
given, without new funds. In practice, Benamou 
says, "The pressures of budget, since we don't 
want to lose the quality of this place, put on 
everybody an extra burden, of teaching, of 
planning, of being extra careful about every 
decision, because there is no money. " 

And even with a CEP recommendation, it 
would be hard to build a new department without 
at least a little. 

triton ti 
Volume J2, Number S 

Christmas Cites Differences on 
Policy as Reason for Leaving 

Carl Neiburger 
City Editor 

Dissatisfaction with the type of drama program Muir College 
is try ing to develop was cited by Eric Christmas as a major 
rea on for his deciding not to remain at UCSD. He is not bitter 
about the sItuation and explains, "I was torn between a strong 
belief in the line of progression that I sought to pursue and an 
attempt to say, well , perhaps this is not where this campus 
wants to go, or perhaps where it hould go." 

He explained to the TRITON TIMES that when plans for a 
large- cale Drama Department and association with a 
profes ional theatre collapsed , he attempted to develop imple 
roots for the evolution of drama at UCSD "mainly based on 
formative good theatre features, simply done." 

University of California, San Diego Tuesday, January 19, J9ll 

Dougl os' Access to 'Raw' Files 
St irs Foculty Controversy 

Steve Landau 
Cont ributing Writer 

Douglas kept these files over the Thanksgiving 
weekend- some five days. According to several 
sources, two CEP members contacted him and 

Under a veil of official silence, UCSD asked him to return the files immediately. He di.:! 
Academic Senate leaders have been anxious not do so, although he assured Swartz that he 
about effects of an incident involving Sociologist would not reveal what was in them to outside 
Jack Douglas. The controversial associate sources. The files concerned Third College 
professor obtained the "raw" files of an curricular matters that the committee had 
academic Senate subcommittee by means which discussed earlier in the year. Undisclosed 
some sources feel were illegal or improper. sources indicated that prior to this incident, 

The TRITON TIMES learned of the incident, Douglas had been in contact with the SAN 
which occured just before last Thanksgiving, DIEGO UNIONI TRIBUNE, giving them news 
from a confidential informant, and the story has tips and urging them to look into matters he felt 
been confirmed privately by several faculty were important. 
sources. According to this information, the in- (Douglas had been a center of controversy 

" It' very dificult to be simple", he explains. "People tend to cident occured as follows : earlier this year as chairman of the now~efunct 
use tools as toys and to allow techniques to assume the Douglas went into the Senate Office in the Committee to Save the University (CSU). He and 
respon ibility. I have no long term plan," he continued , "I just Chancellor'S Complex and asked to see the files other CSU members were then criticized for 
have a belief inside myself and I wanted to express that belief of the Committee on Educational Policy's (CEP) consulting with several Regents on the naming of 
and hare by experience and bring the results of that subcommittee on courses. He told Senate a new chancellor. He also wrote several public 
experience to the spontan~ous creative theatre of the life of the secretary Lynn Pearcy that he had the approval letters attacking then Chancellor William 
campus- in other words, let the theatre grow." of subcommittee chairman Dr. Marc Swartz McGill. ) 

Muir Provost John Stewart, however, told the TRITON Associate Sociology Profe or (Anthropology). Before this authorization could Douglas' action highlighted what has been an 
TIMES that the intention of the Drama Department Search Jack D. Douglas be verified or official policy determined, ambiguity in Senate rules. The bylaws specify 
Committee, which he head , is " to add to , but not to give up or Douglas left the office with the files. Swartz later that approved minutes and official reports of all 
sacrifice what we presently have." Stewart outlined his plans denied having given such authorization. Senate committees shall be on file and "open to 
In terms of developing stronger ties between Drama and other .:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:':':':':':':':':'.:: inspection" by any Senate member. The bylaws 
related departments- Literature, Visual Arts, Music , and the ::: . ::: make an exception for two committees-budget, 
new Third College Communications Department. ~.~.l. 14 inC ou rt Now fo r S p ring 1970 S it-I n ~; .. ~. anmadttePrsrivilar' eegceonSanI'dderedte.nure- when personnel 

Taking the Literature Department as an example, he 
explained . "We would carefully integrate cour e in drama ::: ::: However, at some stage in the deliberations of 
WIth course in literature- courses in Shakespeare and Gibson ::: Frank Phi//ips ::: nearly every Senate committee confidential 
and Restoration drama and so forth . ,. He continued, " We :~: Sta ff Writer ::: discussions take place. Personal letters and 
Origina lly planned to have no drama major at all because of th ::: F d f C D d ' 11 b . ad d ::: testimony are considered, often with regard to 

. . .. :.... ourteen present an ormer tu ents WI e 10 court t ay an :.,::. h;rI'ng and salary questions. In order to have the po sibility that students would think they were getting some tomorrow to face various charge ari ing out of la t pring ' " 
kind of profE's ional training. We do, however, see now that it ::: demon trations on campus. The trials, which in mo t ca will b ::: most frank and open discussions pos ible the 
would probably b quite all right within our long-range policy::: individual , may la t anywhere from one day to a week. ::: records of these discussions are kept con-
and even desirable to have a drama major with drama as one ::: Five of the defendants, three of whom are currently enrolled at C D. ::: fidential. It is these "raw" files that Douglas 
of the liberal arts ; and this would enhance the understanding ::: have been charged with offenses ranging from tr pa in to battery and ::: took from the nale office for a five-day period. 
and appreciation of drama, and it would include som training :l: interferenc with law enforcement officers. The charges are related to ::: Chairman Call for Attention Toward Ambiguity 
of a basic ort, aiming, however, mainly at giving the people :.: last Spring' it-in in Ur y Hall and Building 2A', according to ice- ::: 
the kind of insights and feeling for th art that would enhance ::: Chancellor George Murphy. The purpo e of tho it.in was to prot t ::: As far as offici ~olicy goes the e "raw" file 
their understanding." ::: Defense D partment funding of research on campus. ::: constitute a grey arEa. Senate chairman Gabriel 

Professional training for tudents who desire it would be ::: According to Murphy, th other nin def ndant , thr e of whom ar ull ::: Jackson told the TRIroN TIMES: "I have asked 
available from the Theatre Art Foundation, which will ::: enrolled at UC D, are charged with returning to th campu after having ::: the committee on rules and jurisdiction, as well 
Cooperate wi th the Univer ity in producing plays while ::: been ordered off for two we k la t May. Th nin had all gedly ::: as the executive committee to look lnto this area 
providing instructors for the academic department. Such an ::: participated in th blockage of the hancellor' ffiee on May 27. ::: of ambigui '. lean ,i!l~!. . m c 
arrangement was to go into effect thi year in a large scale :~: Murphy said that the nin are charged under Penal Cod ction 62 .4, ~ll r~ not to ~o~ anything" except approved 
prOject Stewart said would make UCSD "not only, almo t . ::: which allow an official of th Univer ity to order person off a campu for ::: rrunutes and offiCIal report,s .. 
from the beginning, the best place for professional theatre, but ::: a period of two weeks. If convicted th d fendant face penaitie of up to ::: ~.ut the other area of,~blgwt! ~s the m Oll\~ 
C rta inly the best place for academic theatre." ::: Ix months in jail or a $500.00 fi ne, or both. ::: o.f open to ins~ion. Does this Incl~e taking 

Plans collapsed , however, due to the economic presure that ::: The trial ar the la t legal action to be taken in regard to th anti-war ::: files outofthe Office, and possi~ m~ copies 
beset the University the necessary economic resource . ::: activities. Among the defendant are Philip Kain, a graduat tud nt in ::: of them? Referring to Douglas aellon, Jackson 
Stewart is now working to salvage what remains. He now::: philosophy, and Cathy Rose, who has been active in D . Murphy said that ::: made the fonowing statement: ','While the 
believes that such an arrangement can be worked out with all ::: he expects to be called to testify along with other member of his staff . ::: boundary conditions of the pbrue open to in-
~:~~~lity of the oricinal plans. but "on a somewhat smaller ~~~.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.»:.;.:.:.:-:.;.:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:-:-:-:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:-:.:-:.:.:-:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.;.:.:.;.:.;.} (ceaUDaed GO pqe Z) 



UCSD Scientists Will Report on Moon 

Rocks Tomorrow 

Five UCSD scientists, who were in Houston last week to 
report results of their research on Apollo 12 moon samples, 
will hold a press conference here tomorrow. 

The five scientists will discuss results of their own research 
as well as new data reported at Houston by other invsetigators 
representing institutions throughout the nation and the world . 
Dr. Harold Urey will discuss the latest developments in the 
long-standing "hot versus cold moon" controversy and his own 
new thinking on this subject. Dr. James Arnold will discuss, 
among other matters, some interesting new speculations about 
Earth 's Ice Age which stem from the late t research by his 
group. Dr. Gustaf Arrhenius, has centered much of his work on 
the conditions under which lunar rocks and soil were formed . 
Dr. Albert E. J . Engel plans to discuss the " textural , 
mineralogical , and chemical properties of the lunar rocks, and 
to relate these to the most analogous, old rocks found on the 
Earth." Dr. Kurt Marti has worked with Dr. Urey in 
developing new data which may throw different light on the 
origin of the moon. 

The conference will be held at 10:00 Tuesday morning in 
Conference Room "D" on Matthews Campus. 

ABM to be Attacked by peaker Here 

Daniel McCracken will explain " Why the ABM Computer 
System Won 't Work" in 1205 HL , Friday afternoon , at 3:00. 

Mr. McCracken is chairman and spokesman for the 
Computer Professionals Against the ABM. the multi·billion 
dollar U.S. defense system. The group. numbering over 500 
computer specialists, opposes the system on purely technical 
grounds, contending that the lack of testing that can be done 
with the system will prevent its proper maintenance. 

" People- to-Peo ple" Need People 

Have you ever wanted to tell the people in San Diego what 
you think of them? Would you like to know what they think of 
you as a student? Community Interaction, formerly " People' 
to-People." is looking for more students to talk to San Diegans 
and help better university·community relations. 

La.t year over 400 students took part in the program, going 
to home , schools and organizations, to explain how the 
universe looks to students. Last Spring. during the Cambodian 
Invasion·Kent Sta te cri sis. many felt the program helped to 
soothe strained relations between students and the relatively 
conservative San Diego community_ Community Interaction 
organizers however stress the belief that in order to avoid such 
tension in the first place. lines of communication should be 
open all the time. 

Those interested in participating in the program are asked to 
go to the Community Interaction office at 250 MC. 

Rare Fi h Bei ng Oi played at cri pp 

At Sc -ipp, Aquarium a rare. bright ye llow. 6-inch tropical 
fish is teing displayed [or the first time anywhere. (see picture 
at righl l 

The fish. commonly called the scythe·butterflyfish because 
of the tlack scythe· haped marking on its side, is only the tenth 
of its sl ecies ever to be caught. Scripps scientists captured this 
specim ~ n ill sliall"',, v.',ncr off La Jolla. however the fish 
usually inhabits depths of 200·300 feet. 

Page 2 January 19, 1971 Triton Times 

Money Eating Machines Exposed 
Bruce Morden 
Staff Writer 

The People 's Machines eat money. How many times hav!: 
you put money in the vending machines and received nothing 
in return? Have you ever been hungry and gone to a vending 
machine only to find it out of order? 

These are your machines. They are operated by 
Servomalion, having two full time employees serving the 
enti re campus, including Scripps and the Medical School. 7he 
vending machines are filled an average of twice a day. On 
weedends a duty man who knows the most frequented 
machines comes to refill and service them. 

Most of the problems in operation come from misuse by 
customers. Slugs, pennies, wires, foreign coins, etc. are put 
into the machines causing operation malfunctions which are 
discovered by the next unsuspecting student who loses his 
money. 

If you lose any money you may report it to one of the 
reimbursement centers. They are located in 204 MC, the 
Revelle Sundry Store, the Resident Deans ' offices at Muir and 
Revelle , the Topside at Scripps, and 3230 2A. About 25 
complaints come in each week. 

Where does the money go? Back to the students. The money 
is disbursed by the Vending Machine Committee at the end of 
the year to each of five locations : Muir, Third and Revelle 
College governments, the Medical School and Scripps. $4400 
goes into maintenance of the 50 or 60 machines on the campus. 
The total disbursement for 1970-71 was $18,874 . 

William Borsari , administrator of Auxiliary Enterprises, 
handles the contract and many of the complaints. The contract 
guarantees over $14,000, and any additional commission is then 
added on to this. Problems which now trouble the vending 
machines include vandalism, locations and types of machines, 
and the price of items. A can of Coke costs the vendor 12 cents 
before it is transferred to campus and installed for purchase. 
The three cents can 't begin to cover the expenses. Mr. Borsari 
predicts a rise in the price of drinks to 20 cents in the future . 

The money is distributed to the college governments by a 
formula based on student population and a basis for operation 
Each location receives an equal amount, and then the 
remainder is split according to student population. 

Some of the money is being spent by college governments on 
both academic and recreational activities. The commission 
from the machines all goes back to the students. Next time you 
lose some money, report it, but don't kill the machine- it is 
serving you. 

McG ill Cancels Ceremony; 
Saves Columbia $18,000 

Douglas Controversy ... 

Former UCSD Chancellor 
WilliarnJ McGill will forego his 
lavish inaugural ceremony as 
Columbia University president, 
asking that the funds allocated 
for it be transCerred to 
financial aids for students. The 
cancelled ceremony, which 
was supposed to take place this 
month, would have cost $18.000. 
Instead Dr. McGill requested 
that his inaugural as the 16th 
president of the University be 
" made a simple act of 
dedication" combined with 
Col umbia ' s ann ua l 
commencement exercises this 
June. 

(continued from page 1) 

spection' are not entirely self-evident, I believe 
that taking files out of the office for five days 
goes considerably beyond any normal in-
terpretation of the words 'open for inspection.' " 

The rules aren't clear and Douglas bases his 
claim to innocence on this confusion. However, 
his critics feel that he deliberately deceived the 
Senate secretary by telling her he had 
authorization. The fact that he cited 
authorization might imply that he knew that 
what he was doing wasn 't normal procedure. 

It is known that Swartz, appearing at a full 
meeting of CEP, denied having given Douglas 
authorization, Swartz, who was active earlier in 
the year- along with Douglas-in the CSU group, 
could not be reached for comment. The official 
position of the entire committee, which met 
recently to deliberate the Douglas incident, is 
"no comment." "This is a reasonable poSition, 

cripps scientists examine rare scythe hutterfly fish which is DOW on dl play at 
the aquarium. 

for the sake of the unity of the campus," CEP 
chainnan Dr, Michael Benamou told the 
TRITON TIMES, 

Jack Douglas claims that he hasn't broken any 
university rules that he was aware of. He claims 
that the disagreement was a personal misun· 
derstanding that has since been cleared up. 
"Bureaucracies have complex rules . .. there 
were no rules in this area." Douglas denied that 
he had tried to deceive the Senate secretary, but 
wouldn't comment further on the incident, 
stating that it "wasn 't newsworthy." 

However, he was willing to talk about access to 
information in general, and Third College in 
particular, Douglas, highly critical of Third 
College throughout this year, said that he wanted 
to know everything available about it. He per· 
sonally favors an investigation of the college. 

Third College, he said, is an experiment, and 
every bit of evidence should be made available. 
He would have the rules of the Senate changed so 
that the records were open, even to students, 

While many of the principals shy away from 
publicity, Third College Provost Joseph Watson 
doesn 't appear to be worried about Douglas' 
attempted inquest. "We aren 't concerned, and 
think that our position on the whole matter is 
clear and valid," he told the TRITON TIMES. 

Watson bas Sharp Words for Douglas 
However, Watson had sharp words for 

Douglas' recent action, "If BSC, MECHA, SDS, 
or myself had taken action like that there would 
have be'en a loud and vigorous reaction and we 
would have been called uncivilized and un· 
principled." (Last year an incident occurred in 
which SDS members forcibly removed files 
containing information on grants and contracts 
from an administrative office.) 

Referring to Douglas' reputation as a 
spokesman for the moderate to conservative 
faculty on campus, Watson said. "In the same 
situation, people are bending over backwards so 
as not to be open to the charge of restricting the 
rights of a conservative, and I don't think this is 
really justified." 

Watson was careful to separate the issue of 
Third College courses from the Douglas incident. 
The files, he said, are not for public conswnption 
only because of the personal comments and 
other confidential information they contain, as 
do most files. "Otherwise, there's nothing in the 
files of concern." 

According to one source "the data Douglas is 
alleged to have had access to by improper 
methods hasn't been used." "However," this 
source adds, "if it were, it would be grossly 
improper and would call for some action by the 
Academic Senate," 

But whatever the outcome, countless hours 
have already been expended, and memos written 
during the nearly two months in which the issue 
has been simmering behind the scenes. As it 
stands now, Jackson is waiting for a clarification I 
of Senate rules regarding access to information. 
I))uglas has been invited by CEP to discuss 
Issues he has been raising about Third College 
with Watson and the corrunlttee , 

Howie Makes AS 
leorning Experience 

Patty Smith 
Staff Writer 

Howie Porter, a UCSD senior and the 
Associated Students' Vice-President, emanates 
a warm and friendly manner through his speech 
and movements as well as through his 
appearance . This inviting manner has 
permitted Howie to succeed in hi s personal and 
public lives since he came to UCSD in the Fall 
of 1969. 

Howie's attainment of the oHice of Vice-
President is particularly significant for two 
reasons. First, the 1969-1970 school year was his 
first at UCSD. Second, although he was orally 
involved in the activities of the Black Students' 
Union at San Fernando Valley State College, 
which he attended during his freshman and 
sophomore years, he had never actively 
participated in ca mpus politics before his 
campaign last Spring. One reason, certainly, for 
his acceptance by UCSD was his running mate, 
the Associa ted Students' present president. 
Mike Palcic, who was a well·known campus 
personality even before his and Howie's Spring 
1970 campaign. But Howie's quiet friendliness 
must be acknowledged as a factor which 
combined well with Mike's open forthrightness 
to make them a winning team. 

Platform Idealistic 
Howie honestly admits that his and Mike 's 

campaign platform was an idealistic one, and he 
now works on projects of temporal importance 
and at jobs which are inherent in the definition 
of vice-president. He views his office as one 
involving [he po sibility for numerous learning 
experiences, and the variety of his duties insure 
the occurrence of those experiences. 

With ASUCSD's new con titution in effect for 
the firs t time thiS school year, Howie relate 
that one of its problems, inherent in any new 
political structure and to be worked ou t only 
with time and experience, is in defining the 
roles of various student body offices. He 
explains that certain positions existed before 
the creation of the present ASUCSD 
constitution , and therefore participate in 
campus life in the same manner as they did 
previously. One such position is the Program 

Howie Porter 
Board Chairman, who is responsible for 
providing the campus with guest performers 
and lectures. New positions, however, such as 
the Commissioners of External Affairs and of 
Community Interaction, are not so precisely 
defined and therefore tend to overlap with the 
fu nctions of each other. Howie's job itself 
overlaps with several positions. including the 
Commissioner of External Affairs , for he is 
ASUCSD's official representative to both the 
Board of Regents and the Presidents' Council. 

Otber Duties Involved 
Howie's job as Vice· President also involve 

the duty to chair a number of meetings. 
including those of the Finance Board and the 
Committee on Committee . 

Howie. although active in his role as Vice· 
President, is also very much interested in hi s 
academic pursuits. He relates that he likes the 
quarter system much more than the semester 
system, because he feels that one is forced to 
learn more on the quarter system, and 
therefore is more involved in and excited about 
his clas es. 

The first word which comes to the mind of a 
friend of Howie's in de cribing ASUC D's Vice-
President is "quiet. " Quiet he seems for he 
speaks in mild and controlled tones, yet a more 
apt description of him might be friendly and 
actively involved with other people and in his 
own private pursuits. 

Muir, Undergrad Coun(ils Consider 
Elimination of D, F on Trans(ript 

Kathy Rust 
Staff Writer 

A revision of the UCSD 
grading policy is currently 
under consideration by both the 
Council Cor Undergraduate 
Affairs and the Muir College 
Council. 

and F grades would not follow 
him through his life, perhaps 
preventing him from achieving 
his ambitions. 

In this way. a student would 
have the option of removing a 
poor grade from his transcript, 
taking into consideration the 
fact that if he chose to do so, he 
would receive no credit for his 
work in that class. 

The aim of both of these 
plans is to try and create a 
system tha t rewards a student 
for his successes rather than 
punishing hi.,., for his failure . 

How' the Kids Spent Christmas 
Exclusive to the TRITON TIMES 

Roger Showley 
Washington Bureau Chief 

Just a month ago this week, perhaps the most 
important meeting convened in Washington 
since President Nixon took office. Bringing 
together 4000 experts and novices, teachers and 
pupils, parents and doctors, was a subject dear 
to almost everyone's heart : children. 

ot the usual meeting of delega tes where 
scholarly papers are read to one a nother or 
where $6.50 banquets overflow with the wine of 
self'congra tulation , thi s White House 
Conference on Children spent its working hours 
in groups of 150. formulating a plan for making . 
children the first. not the last, priority for 
society and its leaders. 

An Agenda for Children 
Starting with 24 reports authored by 16-

membered Forums, the delegates zeroed in on 
the basic needs of the nation 's 55 million 
citizens under 14 years of age. What the Forums 
said in part was : 

'Make sharp change in employment 
practices that disrupt family life: 

'Create a child advocacy system to protect 
the rights and interests of the young. 

"Experiment with school systems to allow 
children to express their innate creativity: 

'E sta bli sh a national network of 
supplementary child·care services. including 
day·care facilities 

With 0 many fundamental r commendations. 
the seventh Confer nce since President 
Theodore Roosevelt opened the fir t one In 1909, 
could not help but erupt into controversy. 

There were caucu s (youth , Black. women 's 
lib. pediatrics, rabbi ) ex officio news 
conferences. and. of course. much politicking 
The charge came up that many delegates lVere 
spending more time on these procedural 
debates than on the ub tantive aspect before 
the Forum What finally resulted was a 
balloting session, in which delegate in their 
respective Forums could vote on the priorities 
of the Forum recommendation and the so-
ca lled "overriding concern " of the Conference 

Cbild Advocate Proposed 
Probably the most talked about proposal 

among the delegates was the idea of a "child 
advocate"- a day· to-day protector of the child. 

The Forum on the child advocate. chaired by 
Judge James J. Delaney of the Colorado 
Juvenile and Family Court. said that the 
advocate wouldstepin when a child ' " liberty or 
health" is jeopardized, whenever he is deprived 
of a home, schooling, medical care, property 
rights, entitlements or benefits. or is subject to 
involuntary treatment. . 

Thus, if a child is severely beaten- an 
estimated 10,000 children a yea r are eriously 
abused by parents- the advocate might step in 
to get medical attention. Parents in such cases 
often do not seek medical care for the child for 
fear of their actions being discovered. (Already 
the state of Ma sachusetts has moved to 
institute an oHice of child advocacy. ) 

In the realm of education, the debate turned 
into a virtual war over money _ Dr John 1. 

Goodlad. dean of the UCLA Graduate School of 
Education , argued that only a " massive 
infusion" of funds could save education from its 
own mediocrity. But Dr. Dwight Allen , dean of 
the University of Massachusetts School of 
Education, and hi s Forum, countered that the 
loosening of regulations, not the infusion of 
fund . would hold the key. 

And so it went. Controversy sometimes 
overwhelmed the delegates to the pOint where 
some wondered why they had come so far to 
simply get into another endless debate 

Next: How to Implement? 
In the past. White Hou<;e Conferences. 

Pre idential CommissIOns. task forces . study 
groups. and advi ory councils have usually 
produced nothing but reports. a few press 
clippings. and sometimes a favorable comment 
from the President and Congress. 

This time, along with all of these. provlslon~ 
have been made for the important follow· up 
operation nece sary to monitor the 
implementation phase of the Conference. 

In the first place. each state has held a 
conference on children prior to the Wa hington 
gathering Thus a group of concerned and 
knowledgeable citizens wa ready to be called 
on to act on the Conference's overall ideas 

Next . regional meeting will bring together 
these and other cItizens 10 the Spring to layout 
strategies for pressing for action 

Finally. a second report of the Conference 
will follow 15 months after the first one to the 
President In March. to a'se s the progre s of 
the programs et out by the regional 
conferences 

An April Fling for Youth 
Just as thiS po t·Conference operation ets 

underway, the chairman will com'en a related 
meeting. the White Hou Conference on Youth 
Scheduled to last from April 18 to 22 (Earth Day 
Plus One I. this first·of·its·kind event will focus 
on the age·group of 14·24 : that is. high chool 
and college tudent . drop·outs, unwed mothers, 
laboring hard hats. and draftees 

Two-thirds of the 1500 delegates will be youths 
who are currentl v being selected from a pool of 
5000 applicants , and they. like their 
counterparts at the Children ' Conference. will 
reflect the actual "demography of youth. as 
Irs called : a representative number of the poor. 
Black . ChIcanos. Indians. non· tudenls. etc 

The subjects. chosen originally on the baSIS of 
a survey done early this last year. are : the draft 
and its alternatives ; drug ; economy and 
employment; educa tion. environment. foreign 
relations: legal right and ]U tice : poverty . 
race and minority group relations; and a catch· 
all-values. ethic and culture. 

While the Children'S Conference sparked a 
fair amount of controversy. the pro peets for 
the Youth Conference have never ceased to 
worry the White House ince the Conference on 
Children and Youth was pllt apart a year ago 
Would the President pay any attention to a 
convention of Nixon-knockers? 

The answer will depend. most likely. on 
events that precede the Youth Conference. If It 
i a quiet pring on the campuses, it will mo t 
likely be a fruitful encounter in Colorado 

The decision reached by the 
Undergraduate Council will be 
presente d as a 
recom mendation to the 
Committee on Educational 
Policy and from there to the 
Faculty Senate. If the UCSD 
DiviSion app roves the 
recommendations, they wjll 
then have to go to the statewide 
Academic Senate, requesting a 
variance from the University's 
grading system. This variance 
would probably be requested 
for experimental purposes over 
a four·to-rive-year period. 

Under the Temmer Plan, the 
same grades (A,B,C,D,F, 
Pass, Fail and Incomplete) 
would continue to be given. 
However, only the grades of A, 
B, C, Pass and Incomplete 
would appear on the official 
transcript. Reports showing 
the actual grades would be 
distributed to the student and 
to the college and 
departmental offices for 
advisory purposes. 

~ • ,.... from bus in.1S ( ords 10 brochur.s 

pany!gs.~r:::;:'I'''' SONi ... 
Harold Temmer. UCSD 

registra r and admissions 
oflicer, believes that grades 
should reflect a student's 
UCcesses rather than hi 

fai lures. He is in favor of 
eliminating the punitive aspect 
of grades by not placing D, F, 
and Fail grades on a student's 
transcript. 

Temmer realizes that there 
are many instances in which a 
student gets a bad start on his 
college career. He feels that 
often the fault lies as much 
with inadequacies in high 
school teaching and counseling 
practices as it does with 
failure of th student himself. 

Temmer ha presented to the 
Undergraduate Council a plan 
which he con iders a possibl 
solution to the grading 
problem. Under the Temmer 
Plan, the University would 
share the re ponsibility (or 
poor starts, and a student' s D 

In order that the student 
continue to make normal 
progres toward a degree, 
Temmer suggests that the 
student be required to pass ten 
courses per year. A student not 
rulfilling this requirement 
cou ld be disqualified by the 
provost of his college . In this 
case, the following notation 
would appear on the student's 
transcript : " Disqualified Due 
to Lack of Normal Progress 
Towards a Degree." 

The ad vantage of the 
Temmer Plan over a pass fail 
only system is that a grade· 
po int average, which is 
required by gradua te and 
proCessional schools, could still 
be computed. 

The Muir College Council i 
a l so co ncer ne d with 
eliminating the punitive effec t 
of grades. In their meeting last 
Sa turd ay , the Co un cil 
Cormulated a recommendation 
to be propo ed in the 
Undergraduate Council by 
teve Clark. The Muir College 

Council recommendation 
would allow a student to drop a 
class as late a th nd of th 
quarter following the quarter 
in which h received the grade. 

., 
lour. "n/14rRt 

.s4,£6~ 
I'S~AlP'~ 
71f7.31ao 

617 P..,I $1. L. Jolla 459·4944 

Fri. - Sat. - Sun. 
(api~ol Recording 

Stars 
Hedge & Donna 

plus 
Garland 

2.50 Add. Open 8:00 
IS.,. up 10 50\0 S"denll SIlO Wllh 10. 1""pl SOl (VI 01 SpI<,,1 rld.lmO." 

$2.50 & 2.00 (Tu • .• Wed., Thu"., Sun. Eve •. ) 52.00 & SI .50 ISun. Mol •. Jon. 2,4) 
$3.00 & 52.50 (F,;. , Sa t. Eve •. ) S1.50 Stu. thru call. & Enlisted M,1. 

Mary, Mary exC. SOI Eve. by Jean Kerr 
a sprightly and sparkling comedy of romantic 

marital merriment 
bolboopork 0 b globe tbeatre on,log. 

phone 
239.2255 

oft.r noon 

If you can drive it, 
weill insure it 

for less. 
No matter what you drive-from 

a conservative Volkswagen to a radi· 
cal hot rod-we can save you money 
on your car Insurance. 

College Stud nt Insurance Serv-
ice hu been work ing wIth the Auto 
Inlurance Industry for 5 years to prove 
that college students deserve lower 
rat81 on their car insurance Now, If 
you',. an Asscx: iated Student mem-
ber, you can get Group DIIC""~t.d Aula Insurance at an average savings 
01 ~8% in Colilornla. Plus, you can 
continue your coverage aMer you're 
out 01 school. 

For a po rsonai Quote. call eSls 
tocl3y. 

w. IMI that you shouldn't ha"" 
• to pay more to Insure your car than 

you did to buy II. 

r-----., 
I ~ I 
1 ~ ! 
I .__ I 
1- I 
I ::~---- . - - I - .-- ... _--

-.-.--------

1_- ---- . _ I _.~ ,, __ _II _flC___ '--
I ........, ......... I ..... • ... • ..... ~ I ... _ c __ •• ItI .,.. ..... 

-,....,....---- ... ~ ........ 
. ................ -- ... "-'-----

.. --- -c. S. L S. We're on JmI[ side. 

Triton Times January 19, 1971 Page 3 



triton tillles · · UniversityofC.I~orni •• S.nDiego ABORTIONIST at Work In MUIr College 
La Joll •• C.lifornia 92037 

(714) 453-2000, ext. 1016. Advertising ext. 1017 
Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The editorials •• pre.Md below are :fproved by the TRITON TIMES Editorial Board. All other opinions 
•• ",.ned on this page are tho.. the authors wh_ names appear in the bylines, and do not 
_ellarily r.flect the view. of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone d.siring to submit mat.rial to be published in 
this section should.nd it to the Editorial Director, TRITON TIMES, 11711ak. Hall, UCSD. 

Stewart and Drama Dept. 
This is a student newspaper. As a 

newspaper we are dedicated to pur-
suing the truth, and thus we seek in-
dependence from any particular in-
terestgroup . But first and foremost we 
seek to highlight the needs of students 
where possible, and act as their 
spokesman when necessary . 

Right now there are some 40 students 
who have put many years and much 
hard work into drama at llCSD. These 
students feel like they have been short-
changed. They feel that their efforts 
have gone for naught. Many are 
talking of leaving UCSD because of the 
disaster that has hit the drama 
department. 

In our investigation we have found a 
complex situation . There are per-
sonality conflicts, academic issues, 
and questions of long and short-range 
policy. But what is only now being 
brought to light is that lost in the 
shuffle, fol' far too long, have been the 
needs and desires of the students. 

Some of the drama students suspect 
foul play, even deceit, in the way that 
Provost Stewart and the powers-that· 
be handled the affair. These charges 
will prove largely ground less. But 
these men are def initely gu ilty of an 
indiscret ion common to the 
University and, for that matter, many 
large bureaucrac ies. 

What we have here is a lack of 
communication . In a communications 
breakdown there are two sides, and we 
could place the blame on both . But 
when one party also has the power to 
make important decisions, the blame 
lies with that party for failing to take 
the initiative to seek out the opin ions of 
the other. 

Drama at UCSD is in sad shape at 
this point, especially with respect to its 
resources. Why? Basically because 
they have had no strong spokesman in 
their corner fighting for them in the 
give ·and -take of administrative 
politics. Christmas didn't want the 
chairmanship of the department. So 
Stewart, as provost, became the 
nominal head. He assembled a com-
mittee so that he could take into ac-
count all qualified opinions-all, it 
turns out, except those most directly 
involved. Eric Christmas was 
nominally consul ted, but it appears 
that his support for the decisions made 
has been lukewarm at best. His 
diplomacy led him to conceal the true 
extent of his bitterness. 

The policy conflicts are secondary to 
the m,mner in which policy has been 

made, but should be discussed . A 
cartoon elsewhere on this page depicts 
Stewart as being anti·drama. This is 
not quite fair, He supported the five · 
year-old dream of having a reperfory 
company associated with UCSD. But 
now that dream is dead . 

Now Stewart has revised his dreams 
for drama at UCSD. His long-range 
plans for incorporating the new 
technological theatre are good . 
Hopefully, we will be able to see such 
an expansion when the money is 
available . But right now we are in a 
precarious period for the University, 
and growth is not likely for any 
department. 

For now the reality of drama at 
UCSD is the three-year effort of 
Christmas and his crew. What he and 
his students have accomplished with 
scant resources. and his philosophy of 
the "timeless theatre" has been 
nothing short of extraordinary . This is 
a reality. Long -range plans are fine for 
committee small-talk. But we do know 
that even a very small and badly 
financed Drama Department can 
continue to put on fine productions if 
current policy is continued . 

Part of the problem stems from an 
attempt to deal with a highly volatile 
art form from a traditional academic 
vantage point. Drama is an art, a vital 
one to a great university. But the whole 
process of academic comm ittees and 
evaluations can be heavy ·handed and 
sterile. Where does the bond that 
Christmas has developed with his 
students enter into the long ·range 
master plan? How does one explain the 
high degree of commitment and even 
expertise of students in a program 
that, by Stewart's claims, cannot be 
aimed at professional theatre? 

Losing Eric Christmas is a 
catastrophe for UCSD. Losing the 
inertia he has given his students is 
another , greater one. We wish that 
conditions would make it possible for 
him to reconsider . If it is ad · 
ministrative policy and lack of support 
that is causing him to leave, this can 
and must be changed. 

But whatever happens to Christmas, 
he leaves 40 bitterly disappointed 
students who have devoted the.greater 
part of their lives to drama, much as 
students working on this newspaper 
have devoted the greater part of their 
time to journalism , The first priority, 
we feel, is to listen to these students 
and assure that drama and UCSD do 
not lose their talents. 

triton tiIlles 
Editor-in-Chief .. IJalwood Gammon 

ity Editor . ... . .... Carl . eiburgcr 
lanagingI:J;'u, .. . . . . Mil.. I\.la)er 

Copy i <utor . .. .. .. Chuck raham 
Husin' Manager . ...... Jeff Fried 
Edito 'ial Director .. Raoul onlrcra 
Assoc ate ily Editor . .. Owcn Jo~ ncr 

Moll) Sehin 
Arts Editor . ... .... . Tcrr~ tiaraL 

port Editor . . .. .. . ROl·k) 1Ialfon 
Photography Editor . . .. John Zoller · 
.ontrihutors ..... . . ' t I • Landau 

Jim ' ill 

N.ws Deparlmenl 
Ro.e o. CosIo 
Rod lo,ong 
Robert Mill.r 
John..loller 
Ed Boyle 
Juliano Cinque 
Bobbie fink 
Bruce Morden 
Fronk Phillipl 
Cliff Po.' 
Kathy Rust 
Barbaro Simon 
Jeff Graham 
Don Greene 
Mike Roberll 

Arl.Oeparlm.nl 
Tom Seer 
Joy GilieHe 
Peler Gordon 
Lorry Johnson 
Lindo McAllister 
Sargun Tont 
Arlisl. 
Sarah McKenna 
Allan 5<!kulo 

Photography 
Jon Fronek 

Advertising 
Oepartmon, 
Mark T riliin~ 
Suson Cod.1 
Molly Sel.in 

Secr.tarial S'aff 
George Salon' SI ••• Cohen 

A .. ', Managing (d. Sheilo Calhoun 
Joe Eoste,n Copy Oepar'ment 
Comy Shorick Sharon Weldy 

Paul Teyuier 
Roney Br.ec. Product ion 
PoNy Smilh Do •• Buchbinder 

Debbie Monlgomery 
GI.no Schroo'.r 

The TIlTON TIMES il officially ro<ogniled and supported a. a stud.nt n.wspaper by the Communication. Boord 
of Ih. Uni • .,slty ot Colilornio, Son Diego, Building 250. MoHh .... . Campul, La Jolla , Calilornia 92037. Publication 
is twice weekly on Tuesdays and Fridays. Offiul are lexaled in room 117. Bloke Hall , on tho R ••• lle Compul. for 
Adverl ising phone '(53 · 2000 , X 1017 , lor .d ilorial or neWI phone XIOI6. 

Page4 January 19, 1971 Triton Times 

Development of UCSD Drama Department Thwarted 

John Greenleaf 

First , what is an abortion? Briefly, 
"expulsion of a fetus from the womb before it is 
viable," or "an organ whose development has 
been arrested." An abortionist, it follows, is the 
person or persons performing the act or 
bringing about the condition. 

What does this have to do with Muir College? 
In short. the administration is denying life to 
the current drama program. The Department 
has been stifled by an apparent lack of support, 
and respect is reflected quite clearly in the 
fo llowing sequence of events: 

1. The little theatre being planned for use by 
drama students was scheduled for completion 
on January 7, 1971; the plans have not yet gone 
out for bids, so it is most unlikely that the 
students will have performance space this year . 
(The building used by the department until 
Spring 1970 was converted into a parking lot 
when the promise of a new theatre was 
confirmed ). 

2. The emphasis has been shifted from an 
active theatre program to a modest 
interdisciplinary program of drama, music , and 
literature .... with particular emphasis on the 
matching up of courses in drama with courses in 
drama as literature. 

3. Professor Thomas McCorry (director of 
"The Caucasian Chalk Circle" last year) is not 
being re'appointed for the coming year and will 
be replaced by someone with "experience in the 
new theatre technology of the kind that the 
Experimental Theatre group is getting into." 

4. Eric Christmas (who directed 
"Marat/Sade" and "A Midsummer Night's 
Dream") has chosen not to be available for re-
appointment for the coming year. 

Chrislmas and McCorry Saddened a I Shifl 
The fact that two faculty members of a 

particular department are leaving the campus 
is not necessarily newsworthy-except that the 
Drama Department has only two faculty 
members (Christmas & McCorry ).Christmas 
and McCorry are deeply saddened by the shift in 
emphasis and style of the Drama Department. 
Their goal has been " to make students 
responsible to their own potentials and 
project-an awareness of life on campus and in 
the community through an active theatre 
program with professional standards." 

The students involved in the drama program 
are "disappointed and disillusioned" by the 
decision to de·emphasize: or abolish completely 
courses directly related to acting and theatre. 

They also feel that a great disservice is being 
done to the drama students, the spirit of Muir 
College and the entire community. 
Drama Searcb Committee Responsible for Sbifl 

How did all this come about if drama 
students, faculty and staff are "saddened" by 
the shift? Not long ago a Drama Search 
Committee was appointed to seek a person who 
would come to UCSD as Chairman of the Drama 
Department. Recently this committee has 
assumed the responsibility of deciding the 
direction that the drama program should go at 
UCSD. When one looks carefully at the make· 
up of the Search Committee (three literature 
professors, one music professor, one visual arts 
and one communications expert-an obvious 
absence of a drama faculty member), it is easy 
to see why the emphasis has definitely shifted 
from " theatre " to multimedia 
communica lions and drama as literature. ' 

Even if the Committee (no member of which 
has visited a drama class or talked- with a 
drama student about interests) expressed a 
desire to scrap the present drama program, 
how, in good conscience, could the Acting 
Chairman of the Drama Department- Provost 
John Stewart, agree and encourage such a 
change? Is Muir College becoming so 
sophisticated tha t there is no longer room or 
respect for the world of theatre (traditional 
theatre ) and the professional standards which 
are a part of that world ? True, experimental 
theatre and multi·media are integral parts of 
today 's theatre scene- but they cannot replace 
traditional theatre. They should be allowed to 
grow side-by-side allowing the students to 
choose the one they prefer, or to participate in 
both- as now exists with the Anomaly Factory 
and Drama Department. Traditional theatre on 
a university campus should not have to compete 
with or concede to experimental theatre . 

Didn' t the Provost himself report last year 
that in a survey of students transferring from 
Muir College to other campuses, a desire was 
expressed by many stUdents to have "more old· 
fashioned courses?" Wasn' t there , included in 
the same report, a request for "more drama 
courses?" 

It is hoped by many that the Search 
Committee and Provost Stewart will reconsider 
their decision. It is hoped that the Committee 
will change its thinking and consider the wants 
and needs of the students involved , for Muir 
College is " not a comfortable place for those 
whose minds are made up ." 

;;:::·:·"·:·:·:<·":"·::·:·:·:Th;·::Trib;~·:·:<Ti;;"·:·:·:·:.".: .. :: .. :.:::.::::; 

\1 Wants To ! 
y ~ 

::: Publish Your Letter! ::: t .. .:.; ... :.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:,:.:,:.;.:.:.:.:,:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.;.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.)~ 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
Timeless Drama 
Editor: 

1'd like to add my voice to the 
chorus of those unhappy with 
recent developments in the 
Drama Department. It is a pity 
that UCSD was not able to hold 
on to Eric Christmas. In his 
two and one-half years here he 
has given the students and the 
campus something very 
special : great energy, a 
contagious enthusiasm , 
professional genius, and fine 
theatre. (This is an admirable 
accomplishment when one 
considers the resources at his 
disposal-two quonset huts, a 
gym-turned-parking lot , and a 

interdisciplinary programs. 
Few departments or 

organizations on campus are in 
a position to bring la rge 
audIences from the community 
to the campus to see positive 
and productive student efforts. 
A theatre building and 
professionally competent 
faculty engaged in creating 
"timeless" theatre , provide a 
vital link with the community, 
and must be preserved and 
supported on this 
campus-particularly if one 
considers the influence of 
public opinion on future budget 
allocations from State funds. 

Vlctor~ Spencer 
minimal budget. ) Free Angela 

There is much talk of 
bringing a new kind of theatre 
program to UCSD- one Dear Edilor: 
emphaSizing new theatre In view of the article written 
technology, multi ·media , by Jim Sills, it seems that the 
co m m u n i cat ion san d other side of the coin should be 
interdisciplinary programs . seen, lest we forget that there 
Granted , experimental theatre is another side. Consider the 
is an integral part of today's case of Angela Davi s when 
thea tre scene-but it cannot 
replace traditional or compared with the equally 
"timeless" theatre. sensational Manson case. 

Many people feel that the The extradition of Angela 
tight budget picture will force Davis from New York was 
the campus to choose between carried out in a matter of days. 
the two theatre worlds. It is The extradition of a member of 
feared by some that the the Manson family literally 
possibility of an even tighter took weeks. 
budget squeeze for the future Members of the Manson 
will perhaps altogether family have screamed , fought, 
eliminate theatre at UCSD. I cavorted and otherwise 
sincerely hope that members of disrupted court proceedings. 
the Drama Search Committee The restrictions imposed upon 
and other administrators with them have amounted to little 
the task of deciding Drama 's more than a slap on the wrist. 
future will allow- indeed They have been repeatedly 
encourage- theatre to blossom removed from the courtroom. 
at UCSD as an academic then, upon promising to 
discip line of its own. Let it "behave", are soon allowed to 
grow, mature and then be-get return. 

OPE RATIO SURVIVAL 
SO HOW DO WE RUN A 

1Z BILLION HORSEPOWER ECONOMY? 
Did you ever have the privilege of looking over the shoulder of 

a Je; Pi!ot. and watch him as he takes off and lands that giant 
BIrd . Did ~ou ever watch the Stewardess passing a hat up and 
down the aIsle. laking the vote of the Pas engers. as to which 
lever should push to retract hi s Landing Gear. whtch button to 
push to start the motor . which gadget to pull to open those giant 
throttles~ 

Hell no! You don't run a Jet Plane That way. 

Correct- you only run a Politica l Price svstem THAT WAY! 
As long as you are travelling in an ox·carl or a horse-and.buggv. 
IL works pretty well The ox or the horse usually has enough 
sense to do the right thing. if the driver guesses wrong. 

But 12 Billion Horsepower doesn't work that way . does it? 

Well. HOW DOES IT WORK ? How does one run our 12 Billion 
Horsepower Economy. which i mechanicallv able to 
PRODUCE AND DISTRIB TE A:'ID AB XOA:,\CE to 
America 's 250 million or so people' 

THAT QUESTIO:,\ Iwhich our Poilltcians ha ve never gollen 
around to asking) IS THE BEGINI\'I:'\G OF' WISDOM ! And it 
puts you on the track o( some pretty tremendous Answers 

Here is Rule number 1 for The Power Age : THE 
OPERATIO:'\AL OPTIOXS F'OR SURVIVI;>;G 1:,\ AW 
MACHIXE RAPIDLY APPROACH OXE WITH THE 
IXCREA ED MOMENT M AND POWER OF' THAT 
MACHIXE AXD TH .~T ONE OPTIO:" MUST COXF'O RM TO 
THE OPERATIONAL DESIGI\' OF'THAT 1ACH IXE. 

There is O!'llL Y O~E THI:'lC I'OU can do with an 
ABUNDANCE OF' GOODS ANDSER\' iCES- and urvive! That 
OXE THI:>IG is to DISTRIBUTE THEM ! 

Y<\u don 't curtail production. You don 't destroy Lhose Goods 
and Services in an allempt to "turn back toe Clock " to 
yesterda)"s PRODUCTIO:'l OF' SCARCITY t where vesterdav's 
Politician could "opera le" comfortabl ~'-and profitably, . 

When all VITAL GOODS A:\D SERVI ES (F'ood . Clothing . 
Housing . Etc. I can ALL BE PRODUCED AB UNDA!\ITLY 
,which is OWl - then these mu t be distributed \\'ithout 
restriction- to all of our people- just as AIR ,which is in 
abundant suppl)' 1 is available to all- without limitation! 

-\ond at that time twhich is :,\OWI- we can no longer tie the 
DISTRIBUTIO:,-/ of these abundant Goods and Services- to the 2 
percent of lIuman Energ\" necessan' to produce them (an 
In. ig~lficant factor. since 98 percent of that Producin~. 
Dtstributing Energy is now MaChine Energy ' 

. K . Technocracy- just EXACTLY HOW would we 
SClenllftcall~' DISTRIBUTE THIS AB !\IDA;'; E of everl'lhinll 
to our people : the ABU~D.'\ E OF' GOODS A;';D SERVI ES 
\\'hich our 12 BIllion Horsepower are now capab le of 

('jentifi call~' PROD CIXG? 
THE IE:'iTIF'I A:"SWER In next i u p ration 

urvival. P.O Box 2019. La Jolla Boo 92037 

Angela Davis, acting in her 
own defense, was prevented 
from completing her opening 
statement on the grounds that 
what she was saying was not 
" relevant" to her defense. 
Could it be that the truth hurts 
Mr. Sills? ' 

When President ixon 
denounc.ed ,the Manson family , 
the natIOn s press was up in 
arms. Yet when this same man 
takes it upon himself to 
condemn Angela Davis before 
the entire nation, not one 
journalist spoke up . Why all the 
preferential treatment for a 
group of people whom 
members of the press had 
earlier condemned as "a wild 
hippie family?" ' 

., 

In short , the entire process of 
tlfe law regarding Angela Davis 
is so Cull of political biases that 
even a blind man could see it. 

IT ", 'VE.. ME GUAT /'LEAWfe TO L"V 11E Cc(HEI:.S'T'oNE lAC ." 
Fo.. 11IE AI:!'S ,..T MtI~ COl.l.E~ . 

By the way, Sills, I hear that 
the Tdton Times is training 
some new writers . So why don 't 
you just mount that white 
charger of yours, you know the 
one with the American 'flag 
engraved on the 
saddlebags- and leave that 
chair you've been warming to a 
genuine writer. I assure you, 
you won 't be missed. 

Submitted by concerned drama tudent 

Rosalinda Lemon 
Muir College Student 

DRAMA: 
Stewart Afraid? 
Dear Editor: 

We are disappointed that the 
article on the Drama 
Department failed to reflect 
the degree oC tension and 
conflict which characterizes 

the current political screw to 
which the students are being 
subjected . We think the IT did 
an excellent job on presenting 
background information. The 
point is Provost Stewart's 
relations with the department's 
students. We think the most 
blatant example of his nol 
" telling-it·like-it·is" occurred 
at the meeting he held with 
drama students. He stated at 
that time that Eric Christmas 
had informed him that he had 
resigned to accept another. 
more exciting , position 
elsewhere. Eric assured us that 
this was not hi s reason for 
leaving the campus-and that, 
in fact, he has neither been 
offered , nor accepted. a 
position elsewhere. 

Dr . Stewart grossly 

Frederick's 

hr •. 10-8 M-F 
10-6 Sat. 
11·5 Sun. 

Ski Shop 
Come in and see all our new 
ski fashions and equipment 

Ski Lifts are operating all over California 

7730 Fay La Jolla 454-1410 

SALVATION /TEMPTATION 
HOW fAR DO 
YOU THINK THey 

CAN (iO? 

WflAT5 A NICE GIRL 
LII(E YO{j PO/NG 
INA MOVI£ 
LII(E THIS? 

misrepresented the situation to 
the students . He then 
threa tened the IT reporter 
with the statement that if any 
of this information was 
printed, he (Stewart) would 
never again meet with a group 
of students. Why. we ask , was 
Stewart so adamant about his 
statement regarding Eric 's 
leaving, that it be treated 
strictly confidential? Can he be 
afraid of an absolutely free 
exchange of information? In 
not presenting the facts in a 
straight-forward manner, it 
appears that the stUdents have 
more integrity than their 
administrators. 

Windy William 
Kim Alexander 

Tbe TRITON TIMES 
welcomes expressloas of .11 
viewpoiats from readers. 
!.ellers sllould be kept brief aDd 
tbose over ... words are 
subject to condeasalioa. It is 
recommeDded (but Dot 
Deces.ary) tbat prior 
Dotificatioa be CiveD if yCMI wisb 
to submit • columa or aa 
article of opinion. 

Lellers aad articles of 
oplaioa sbould be double 
spaced, sixty space \iDe . 
Articles whicb exceed four 
paces Ire subject to 
condeasatioa depeDdiac 00 
subject mailer. LoDCer articles 
CaD be priated if prior 
aotificatioa is CiveD. Lellers 
and articles should be seat to 
the Editorlat Director, Tritoa 
Times, 117 BlaIt:e Hall. 

PSAtells 
UCSanDiego 
where !ogo: 

PACIFIC HONDA 

Sacra men o. Los 
es Hollywoo . 

Burbank. ana Ontano 
So go Fr m San D ego 

Call your cam pus rep 
ravel ageflt or PSA 

gives, you a Itft. 

Pacific Honda-1277 G rnel 
272-55 11 

Triton Times Janulry 19, .,71 Plge 5 



Record Review 

From the La nd 
Of 40,000 Discs 

Ken Barnes 
Arts Writer 

The great album glut is upon us. friends. With rock LP's 
swamping the market in droves, it becomes patently obvious 
that there is simply too much "product" (as the more soulless 
record moguls put it( released for anyone to keep up with it all . 

Album Overkill 

One effect of this album overkill is to boost the sales of the 
most popular artist (Led Zeppelin. Santana , Creedence. etc. l; 
and, concomitantly, it dooms many deserving albums by quite 
excellent groups to hopeless obscurity. This is especially 
relevant to the plight of the new group debuting its first album. 
Companies are forced to ridiculous lengths to market the 
catchiest LP cover or the most bizarre group name, to attract 
the fickle attention of the record-buying public. But often this 
kind of forced cuteness backfires-I mean , who the hell would 
fork over four bucks for a group called Mephistopheles. or the 
Great Metropolitan Steam Band , or Brinsley Schwarz? 

Well , I don't know about the first-named pair (not really, 
they both suck). but Brinsley Schwarz is really pretty good, 
especially for a first album. The original material is 
interesting (though occasionally obviously derivative ). the 
lyrics are intriguing, the harmonies are very tight, and the 
instrumentals are fine. particularly the acoustic portions. It's 
a nice album. 

But-an album unequipped with much of anything to 
distinguish it from the flood . The group name, as intimated 
above. is perhaps more of a turn-orr than an attraction, while 
the cover painting (depicting an intrepid Indian scout astride 
an arthritic, elongated gray war pony ) is colorful but not 
exactly in the "Satanic Majesties" or Dave Mason clas as far 
as commanding public attention is concerned. Furthermore, 
the album notes are scant to the point of obscurantistic 
vapidity, telling you just enough to form an incipient negative 
impression. 

Tbe Man in tbe Tower 

At any rate (10 cents a word is my choice but the editors beg 
to differ. by 10 cents) , piqued by the dearth of information 
surrounding Brinsley Schwarz, we wrote away to the Capitol 
Tower for further promotional material , hoping to clear up the 
mystery; and in due time received the group's official (or 
"bio." as we call them in the platter game ). After repeated 
readings of the 10 page handout. the sum total of my factual 
discoveries with respect to the group is that they are British. 
Thanks, boys. 

It seems the Capitol fellow (and I'm sure he is) who wrote 
the bio wanted to make it nice and arty . So what he did was to 
intersperse portions of the group's lyrics (as well as a number 
of literary quotations of varying irrelevance and fatuity) with 
his own inspired prosaic rhapsodies. Sample: " It is always 
three o'clock in the morning. Brinsley chwarz ... Brinsley 
Schwarz. You will learn a lot about them from their 
music ... (subliminal chant ). BRINSLEY SCHWARZ. 
BRINSLEY SCHWARZ. BRINSLEY SCHWARZ ..... (repeated 
ad nauseam ) There's so much more, but why be cruel? 
Anyway. all of this is to be read while listening to the album, in 
order to garner insights thereof. Yessirree. 

A Jewish Crosby Still , Nash ... ? 

Hopefully I~ough . the group will survive their pUblicity 
(including anolther ill·conceived hope involving an altempt on 
Capitol's part to push them as the "Jewish Crosby, Stills, Nash 
and Young" ; 3f1d a $30,000 press junket financed by their 
erstwhile shHpie managers for their Fillmore East debut, 
which earned them a bit of an unsavory reputation and $30.000 
worth of bOU'ldng chechl. TIley ~hou!tj · they have a lot of 
potential , an0 much of this album is quite g~. In particular, a 
cut ca lied "S lining Brightly" . a joyous rockmg acoustic track 
with echoes a1t~e Byrds in the instrumental:. is superb ; and the 
following nUl1 r , " Rock and Roll Women (unrelated to the 
Springfield 'une ) is very pleasant. melodiC country-folk 
cowboy balll,d. " Mayfly" is a solid rock and ~oller , ~hlle 
"Lady Const.ml" is a lengthy ballad which bUilds Impressively 
to a powerful finish . . 

Much of the remainder of the album IS somewhat 
undistinctive. and not particularly striking ; but the overall 
effect is provocative and promi ing- you want to hear w~at 
they' re going to come up with next time out. and m7,an~hlle 
you enjoy the best cuts on this LP conslde~ably ( ShlDIOg 
Brightly" may stay in your head for days) . Bnnsley Schwarz, 
valiantly struggling against an amassed onslaught of 

, unfortunate publicity and undeserved obscurity. is good enough 
to tand out. and could use a little support. 

Page 6 January 19,1971 Triton Times 

Book Review 

Wookstock Nation-Down the Tubes 
IN THE COUNTRY OF THE 
YOUNG by John W. Ald-
ridge, Harper's Press, 
New York, $5.00. 

Jim Sills 
Stoff Writer 

John Aldridge is a man 
whose though ts, if not all his 
writings, move In straight 
lines, and he endeavors to tell 
us, on the very first page of the 
preface, why we should read 
his book. After all, there have 
been numerous books on the 
youth culture (Greening of 
America, Woodstock Nation, 
etc.). Aldridge says. " I have 
departed from popular custom 
presuming to suggest that... the 
fact of their youth does not by 
itself guaranttee them a 
monopoly on the world 's 
virtue." Weill Such heresy 
demands a prompt and 
effective explana tion. 

Aldridge is, by profession, a 
literary critic; but his works 
have nevertheless been social 
commentary. His best known 
previous book. After tbe Lost 
Generation, was ostensibly a 
study of the post-war novel. In 
fact he developed his social 
theory on the generation of our 
parents. He reprises this 
theory in the present work . 
Parents Transmit Money, not 

Values 
In the rootless, bland , and 

homogenized suburb. the 
parent of the 50's was obliged 
to keep her ' children 
entertained . To this end. 
various " bribes" were used : 
spending money, cars, radios, 
college, etc. At the same time, 
little attempt was made to 
transmit values, since their 
whole purpose, the whole value 
of their life was to raise and 
provide for their children. The 
new generation, treated with 
such deference , concluded that 
either their parents had no 
values, or that they (the 
adolescents) were very 
inportant indeed . This is 
Aldridge 's explanation of " the 
armies of self-righteous 
puberty" and the "campaign 
which in recent years has been 
devoted to selling the public on 
the idea that the current young 
are the most intelligent, 

sensitive, morally scrupulous, 
and generally magnificent 
generation ever to grace 
human history." 
New Youth Values Self-

Destructive 
Aldridge's indictment of the 

under-30 generation (or rather, 
what has become accepted as 
the intellectual ethos of our 

generation) rests on three 
points. 

First, he asserts that the new 
you th values will speed the 
advent of the sort of antiseptic. 
bureaucratized, and homo-
genous society they claim to 
oppose. Here, youth accepts 
the political dogma of the last 
40 years: that government, or 
more generally social 
engineering , can end all 
poverty, ignorance, strife, 
inequality . or dissatisfaction. 
Just as political problems 
could be solved by passing 
laws , signing petitions , 
supporting bond issues, and 
electing enlightened 
politicians, so ..... people with 
emotional problems could be 
manipulated by psychiatry 
toward accommodation and 
adjustment. " 

Aldridge correctly observes 
that the attempt to make life 

more just, equal , safe, and 
democratic did nothing but 
make life bland and uniform, 
without risk or danger, 
deadening to the spirit. With a 
"reordering of priorities" to 
put more money into ensuring 
the same bland mediocrity 
(equality) for everyone, we 
would enter " ... a society in 
which the full horror of IBM 

anonymity had descended ... the 
last hope of individual freedom 
or distinction erased by 
technocratic egalitarianism." 
A giant bureaucracy concerned 
with establishing equality 
could only regard individual 
peculiarities with disdain . 
"The scruffy, unwashed , and 
bizarrely costumed would most 
certainly be the first to 
perish." 

Hypocrisy of Youtb 
The second count in the 

indictment concerns a lack of 
personal integrity-hypocrisy, 
if you will. Aldridge's main 
contention is that while the 
student declares his determina-

_ tion to clean up a corrupt 
world , in fact he fears the end 
of these problems lest he be 
deprived of something to 
protest about. Thus, many 
students try to prolong their 
adolescent life . 

As Aldridge wryly observes. 
if the Establishment ever 
capitulated utterly and 
accepted the new program and 
demands, the young would have 
to merge with the 
Establishment, and thus lose 
their group identification. 
"They would cease to be the 
generation especially 
appointed by the Lord to lead 
the world out of the pit of 
iniquity and would simply 
become anonymous junior 
members of the corpora tion." 
Munsinger Research-Valid 
Aldridge's third charge is 

philistinism: " ... the young are 
not concerned with questions of 
a rich cultural environment, 
the vitality of intellectual life ... 
In spite of their official pre-
occupation with individual-
ity ... they seem to think almost 
entirely in collectivist and 
materialist terms." Popular 
answers to social problems 
revolve around large masses of 
people interacting with mass 
agencies , designed to 
redistribute wealth, power, and 
so on . Our society, especially 
the intellectuals. in its 
concentration on social 
problems. has ignored art and 
literature as " not part of the 
solution ." The utilitarian 
evaluation of all things is 
anathema to the spirit of 
aesthetics, and di interested 
inquiry. Consequently, Dr. 
M unsinger finds his right to 
research in the University 
questioned on the ground of 
social utility. 
Relevancy 

Demands-Pbilistine 
Aldridge finds the prime 

example of this philistinism in 
the demand for "releva ncy" in 
college courses. Physics, 
mathematics, humanities and 
sociology and other courses 
have been attacked as not 
useful in dealing with the 
outside world. Almost any 
course in the humanities at 
UCSD (and many o~tside) has 
areas on racism , pollution, and 
other issues. Aldridge explains, 
" The young a rri ve on 
campuses with a very low 
boredom threshold. expecting 

(Continued to page 7) 

I POSSIBILITIES I 
"H . b h R· relationships. His "Photo- early 1970 for the San Jose Wednesday, Jan 20 at 8:30 p.m. 

air reat mg OsciJlations ," originaJly State College Cham~er The concert, scheduled as part 
S " performed with Fresh 's "Laser Orchestra, and was first of . the .Faculty Co,!,poser creamers Carpet," is a live-electronic perform.ed o~ a tour of musIc Senes, will be held 10 the 

" Hom age to Z inc u s work utilizing interaction by Cahforma State College ReCital Hall ,. 409 . Matthews 
Puckerman ." a concert of between laser light and light professors. ThiS work reqUires Campus. Ad~ls~lOn IS free. . 
works by Allen Strange, Dary sensing sound generation several new performance The evenmg s . fare Will 
John Mizelle , and Puckerman. devices. . techniques from the tnng consist of two major works : 
will be presented by the UCSD Allen Strange is an assistant players, and , like the flute " I/O" by Reynolds, and a jazz-
Music Department on Friday, professor of music at San Jose piece, is concerned with the rock improvisation. . . 
Jan. 22, at 8:30 p.m. The event State College. Currently he is creation of unusual sonic Roger Reynolds IS an aVid 
will take place in the Recital completing his Ph.D. at UC D. spectra. . composer , . lecturer! and 
Hall , 409 Matthews Campus. A student of Robert Erickson Puckerman , a hitherto researcher 10 'expenmental 
Admission is free . and Pauline Oliveros, his unknown two-month-old-infant music . He is currently studying 

Pieces to be performed primary interests are in music prodigy, studies with Strange time perception in aesthetic 
include Strange's " The theater and electronic music. and Mizelle. His public debut situations, based on data 
Hairbreath Ring Screamers" His pieces have been widely will be the premiere derived from literature in the 
and "Charms for Three String performed in the United States performance of " Instant fields of psychology , 
G r 0 ups . ' , M i z e II e ' s and in Europe. Music." the manuscript of physiology, physics, acoustics, 
" Zukunftmusik" and " Photo- " The Hairbreath Ring which is now in the archives of and music. His recent opera , 
Oscillations." and " Instant S c rea mer s " was the Underground Monastery of "The Emperor of Ice Cream," 
Music" by Puckerman. c0!1l m ~ s s Ion e d by t h. e San Diego. The work is is scheduled to tour the state of 

Mizelle has studied with Umverslty of ~ennsylvama presently being analyzed by the California next year. 
Flute Ensemble m 1969. The Musicological Computer 

Larry Austin. David Tudor, and p. lece .IS scored for 14: flutes , Center of Wolfenbuttel for 
Karlheinz Stockhausen. For I d It fl t I IOC u 109 a 0 u e. pICCO os, igns of musical coherence. 
two years he was associated and tape. ~he work explores Conductor for the Puckerman 
with laser sculptor Tom Fresh. non-harmomc spectra created . ' 11 b D . ht Cannon 
Interested in the philosophical by the instruments playing in piece WI e wig . 
writings of Pierre Teilhard de quarter-tone rela tionships, and 
Chardin, he is presently also makes use of the spatial 
engaged in projects combining placement of the instrumen ts 
music, art, and technology. about the performance area. 

"Zunkunftmusik. which Miz- The tape portion was recorded 
elle describes as " an idle at the Electronic Music Studio 
fantasy for string orch stra ," of the American Catholic 
is a polyrhythmic work Univeristy of WaShington, D.C. 
employing quarter-tone "Charms for Three String 
techniques and complex meter Groups" was composed in 

Faculty Jam at 
Music Department 

" I/O," a concert featuring 
the mu ic of Roger Reynolds, 
will be presented at UCSD 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
for services 
Man, thru Sat, 

233 - 8328 

Monday Mourning 
A great and glorious omen made its appearance at UCSD 

yesterday. T~e weather got warm, the clouds went away, the 
grass got slttmg-dry. But that wasn 't the omen. The omen was 
what happened as a result : shoes disappeared, people sat 
around the plaza with their shirts off , all the seats on the 
fountain were taken, a lot of the seats on the grass were taken 
and fewer seats were taken in most classes by the time they 
were half-over (and that's a carefully-documented fact. ). 
People sat in offices discussing God and Jesus Christ, Love 
Story, and where .to get a three-inch filler. Usually-serious 
Journalists lost their heads , and banged out last-minute drivel. 

A massive demonstration miraculously appeared in Revelle 
Plaza to go along with the warm weather and SDS and the 
MOBE Officially merged, and kept di~greeing . Great 
infallible predictions poured out of the TRITON TIMES office : 
All in all it was a very different kind of day. 

So what's the omen? Just this : when Spring comes. either 
everyone is going to ~it around with their shoes off taking it 
easy, or a more massive demonstration will appear in Revelle 
plaza . Remember , you heard it here first. 

BOOK REVIEW .•• 
(Continued from page 6) 

their courses to !lct as mother-
surrogates (talk about in loco 
parentis) keeping them safe 
from boredom by providing 
r--.... _ •• _-_ ••• -

,OU tow" _ fy 
sensual & therapeutic 

WATERBEDS 
iJ'~to ~ -to ~,\o\ ~ ,~~o 
lO-~_, i"trOlluctor, .ak 

KING $5500 
SIZE 
.... 1"""1, ••• " vl SI •• p 

T h e Waterbole 
4212 

110-26" II e.l... ami. 
.... ................... 

distractions that will seem 
compatible with their current 
interests ... if it does not provide 
them with inSight into the 
ghetto, t~e politics of Chicago, 
or the Vietnam War .. . it must 
be replaced." 

John Aldridge is not a 
conservative ; his credits 
include pieces in Atlantic, New 
York Times Book Review 
Partisan Review, Ne~ 
RepUblic, and Tbe Nation' all 
liberal to radical. What he has 
discovered , in the excesses of 
the youth culture, is the basic 
incompatibility of a concern 
with individuality and an 
intolerant and utilitarian 
solution of problems through 
social engineering. 

nnouncement 

WISTIRN STATE UNIVERSity 

COLLEGE OF LAW 
announces 

the start of new classe s 
at its campus in 

SAN DIEGO 
now acce pting men and wom e n 
who have a min im um of ei the r: 

• 2 y •• ,..f Icc •• ,.'le Clllt,. 
crt4lh (60)1 .r I re 

• If,r U ........ It'll.dl •• ,lffttue' 
. ~ili ty tilt .~.I .. I ... t.f .~". 
(I. M ~., .... I •• ~ ~ , ',,'). 

n.ll.l . d-otH COft b. larned 1ft 4 ,,"n of port.time don., : 
3 clo"., P ........ 3 hOUri p.r clan. 

ENROLL NOW FOR 
FlIRUARY 'th CLASSES 
(I.". Day _"" h en;", Clau . s) 

Front ontl "( " Stree .. 
(opposlt. the Law Library) 

San Diego 
232·6506 

Th. ".u' •• of II • Or J 0 will b. co"f.".~ wpoft ,'HuoHon 
fro", the 4·y.ar prOGram of th, Colleg. 0' low. op.ra'i", 

"'"~., chort.r of ,h. Stot. of COllfOf,"O. Groclvot., 0" 
.Ntl .. l ... to" ,h. Col.fornlo $'ot. lor f~omi".t'on 

Tritons Lose A nother Close One 
Mike Roth 

Sports Writer 

The UeSD varsity basketball team was defeated by the 
Southern California College Vanguards in a close and exciting 
game last Saturday night. The final score of the game, held at . 
the sce gym, was sec 82, UCSD 77. 

Although five Tritons reached double figures in the scoring 
column, it wasn't enough to overcome the dominating presence 
of the Vanguards' star center, David Payne, who led all scorers 
with 39 .points. He was also the main reason the Vanguards 
substantially outreboWlded the Tritons, 42 to 30. The opponents' 
offense consisted primarily of getting the ball inside to the 6'S" 
Payne, who invariably scored, and occasional outside shooting 
by the guards to keep the defense honest. To combat this, the 
Tritons switched out of their normal man-to-man defense to a 
zone in the first hal!, but switched back to man-to-man later in 
the second balf. 

sec Takes Lead 
The opening minutes of the game saw sec Jump off to a quick 

eight-point lead, which was slowly whittled down Wltil the score 
was tied with a minute and 30 seconds left in the half. By half-
time the Tritons had taken a two-point lead, although Payne had 
20 points by then. The second half closely followed the scoring 
pattern of the first, with Southern California College building a 
lead only to have the Tritons struggle to catch up late in the half. 
With only five minutes left UCSD was trailing 70 to 65, and 
managed to cut the lead down to a single point a minute later. 
However, soon after that Mark Wilson, the San Diego center, 
fouled out, and the burden of guarding Payne fell entirely on 
Scott Wright, who had been alternating with Mark on the 

assignment. In spite of typical home-town refereeing, the 
visiting Tritons managed to stay within a few baskets of the 

. lead, and with 44 seconds remaining were only two points 
behind. By that time high scoring forward Brian Todd had 
fouled out, however, and the home team pulled away to win by 
five. 

Todd Leads Scoring 
Brian Todd again was tops in the San Diego scoring colwnn, 

collecting 19 points_ Joining him in double figures were Dave 
Gregory with 13, Scott Wright and Steve Hoch 12 apiece, and 
John Lelevier with 11. One bright note in the Joss was the torrid 
freethrowing of the Tritons: 27 out of 31, hitting 87 per cent from 
the charity stripe_ They are shooting 47 per cent from the floor 
and 69 per cent from the line for the year so far. 

Saving the day from total loss, the jWlior varsity won their 
game earlier in the evening, 60 to 45. The Tritons were able to 
maintain a small lead throughout the game, but pulled away in 
the closing minutes. Perhaps the Vanguards were saving 
themselves; three of their starters later played a considerable 
amoWlt of time with the varsity_Playing a conservative offense, 
sec kept the score down, leaving the floor at halftime with the 
score UCSD 21, SCC 16. 

In the second half the tempo of the game speeded up 
somewhat, to the Tritons' benefit. Randy Anderson of sec led 
all scorers with a total of 14 points. Geoff Kostyshak and Tom 
Bruice led San Diego in scoring with 11 points apiece, and in 
reboWlds with 12 each. Dan Molden and James Trotter each 
chipped in nine to help the winning cause. The high point of the 
game was probably the intimidating defense of AI Woodward, a 
new addition to the JV roster, who at one time in the first half 
blocked four shots in a row. 

Commu.nity Service CommissionerMorden 
Brings Students-Community Together 

Roncy Breece 
Stoff Writer 

In recent years community 
leaders have encouraged 
colleges and college students to 
become integrated into the 
community. its government 
and activities . As 
commissioner of community 
services it has been Bruce 
Morden's job to bring students 
and community organizations 
together to help achieve a goal 
of deeper and more relevant 
University - community 
interaction. 

During his campaign last 
spring Bruce emphasized the 
importance of establishing 
three goals he thought would 
help strengthen student 
involvement in community 
affairs . Establishing these 
goals (coordinating interaction 
between students and local 
governments. expanding the 
Community Interaction 
Committee to reach more 
people , and making the 
Volunteer Service Center a 

-~-·~~~~-·l 
Evemng SeuloRs 
Tues. 'hru Sal 

1:30- 10 :00 
Sun (DnhnuDul 

2-00- 8·00 

ROLLER 
SKATING 

Student's Carload Special 
On Sol. eve. 5 students- with 
A.S.B . cords - will receive 15 ' 
discount each on their adm iSSion. 

TRI-CITY ROLLER RINK 
212 So. Cedros-S olona Beach 

Phone 155-41 S8 

EUROPE 
HOLIDAYS YOU CAN AFFORD 

Round trip iet via TW A 
6 wk tour 11 count"., $ 79 S. 
9 wk 'our 13 countries $995. 
10 wk tour I~ (ountri •• incl. 
7 day crui .. of 
Gr •• kl.. $1195. 
Students and foculty only 
10.726, Si.rra MCldr., CCI. 91 024 

viable organization ) has taken 
up most of Bruce's energies. 

A good example of the 
progress that has been made so 
far by Bruce is the successful 
Agency Faire held this month 
by the Volunteer Service 
Center. Bruce arranged for the 
more than 75 organizations 
representing various charity 
and community service groups 
to come on campus and recruit 
students for their projects. 
" The Volunteer Service Center 
is just getting started, and I 
think it's going to do a lot of 
good," says Bruce , a biQlogy 
major at Revelle . 

" Education is more than just 
sitting in ivory towers and 
looking down on the rest of the 
world ," he ela bora tes . 
" Learning also involves 
participation in community 
events , organizations and 
government. .. 

Another and even more 
delicate part of Bruce' job as 
community services 
commissioner is serving as a 
" student spokesman" in 
meetings with the public, and 

i4a lfulla 
'j~nrt1i 
tlarktt' 

2259 Avebldl DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 459 - 3465 

Groceri.s, 
'r.~.(., 
1 •• fS, 

WI •• & I •• r 

public officials , and in 
conducting visitors around the 
campus. It is also his job to see 
that they meet students and 
leave with a favorable 
impression of the campus. One 
of the things he tries to avoid is 
having anything he says taken 
as a reflection of student 
opinion. " 1 can't give my 
opinions and say tha t they are 
representative of student 
opinion," he says thoughtfully. 
"The way that I think is 
different from anyone else and 
I have my own biases that are 
not representative of what 
other students feel." 

Bruce must be percepti ve 
enough to understand both the 
mood of the students lind that 
of the people in the community 
whom he deals with. "The 
public's reaction to tudent 
activities such as moratoriums 
and strikes are just as varied 
as those of the studen ts." he 
says. 

Bruce. a senior, is active not 
only on the AS Council but al 0 
is a staff writer for the 
TRITO TIMES. Last year he 
helped revamp the Council into 
an organization more efficient 

and more responsive to student 
needs. But he readily admits 
that there are still many 
problems to be solved with the 
Council. 

"The Council is 
unrepresentative of all the 
tudents," he says sadly. " But 

so is the U.S. Senate or some 
other legislative bod y. It's 
almost impossible to represent 
every point of view. I think we 
have a vast amount of 
representation on the Council ; 
representatives from all three 
colleges. from nearly all the 
majors and all the cia ses. We 
try to represent all views and 
cover all issues. But one of the 
main objectives of the Council 
is to acquaint the students with 
problems of which they might 
not be aware." 

In his second year on the 
Council , Bruce feels that the 
Council is a very effective and 
potent force . •. All three 
chancelhJrs that I have known 
have told me that they respect 
the views and the actions of the 
Council a great deal. " Bruce 
comments. " ometimes I feel 
we have too much power, but in 
other mailers we don 't have 
enough." 

HANG-TEN TEf SHUtTS 

ON YOUR. BODY 

Tri .... Ti ..... "".ry 19, 1971 Plge 7 



TUESDAY, January 19 
LECfURES- noon, USB 2622 , 
AMES Fluid Mechanics Film 

Sports Arena . .. HoBday on Ice" 
opens. For ticket info call 224-4176. 
WEDNESDAY, Jan 20 

- Serie , "Low Reynolds Numb r LECfURE -noon. 2100 BSB ; 
Flows." Neuro clences Seminar: "Human 

3 p.m. 2A-2250; APIS seminar on Alpha Rhythm and Auditory 
the Evolution of the Solar System: Feedback Demonstration and 
Dr . La r s Danielsson, discussion. 
"Observational Evidence of the Jet 4 p.m., SB 2622 : Physics 
Stream." Colloquim ; Dr. Peterson. "The 
DISCUSSION-MEETINGS -, ews Diffuse Component if Cosmic X-
Conference, 10 a.m .. Conference and gamma rays." 
Room A: Results on moon samples 8 p.m., 1105 BSB : Biomedical 
by 5 UCSD scientists. For more Lecture Series ; Dr. Henry, 
info call ext. 1382. Seymour Kaplan . " Hodgkin 's 

Noon. Salk Small Seminar room ; Disease." 
Mr. Harry Boardman will re/lorton RADlO-11 p.m .. KFMB (760) : 
the activities and plan of the Mr. John Rule, acting chief 
council on Biology in Human campu architect, will be guest on 
Affairs. "Topic" to discuss "Campus and 

oon, informal lounge : Triton Community Planning." 
Wargaming Society. 

7:30 p.m., Beagle Hall Lounge ; CONCERT-8:30 p.m.. Recital 
student-faculty discussion with Dr. Hall (409MC ): Music Department 

ed b presents faculty compositions. Stanley Chodorow. Sponsor y " I 0 " . b R 
Revelle Guest-i n-Residence , a new plece .y oger 
Committee. Reynol.<ls· . plus a Jazz-rock 
ART EXHIBITS-HL Library, ImprovIsation. Free. 
(Cluster I I-upper level. sculpture D1SCU SIONS-MEETING~-7 . 
by graduate students Doug Davis p.m.: USB 2722 : rock climbing 
and Shiela Sharpe. movIe 

main floor-the " Honor Award , 7:30 p.m.. Formal Lounge : 
1970" photograph of winning Asian-American Student Alliance 
designs by the American Institute meeting . The film " 'isei Pride and 
of Architects. Shame" on Japanese concentration 

main floor-exhibition of book camps will be shown. All Asian-
covers produced by the Decorative American Students and faculty 
Designers. Exhibit is on loan from welcome. 
UCLA College Library. 7:30 p.m.. Informal Lounge : 
SPORTS- Wrestling- 7:30 p.m .. in Jewish Students Associa tion 
the gym : UCSD vs. Pasadena . meeting. 
SPECIAL EVENTS-7-11 p.m Tri- 5 p.m.. University Lutheran 
City Roller Rink : A.S Roller Church Student Lounge : dinner for 
Skating Night (Rink is located at 25 cents : food and conversation 
212 N. Cedros. Solana Beach. Skate Spon ored by the Ecumenical 
rental 35 cents.l Student of UCSD Evervon 

9 p.m . 11th floor of Tioga . 1ulr . welcome. -
an informal que tion and answer PORTS-Wrestling- U SO vs 
period on Law School and the Legal Whiller at Whitter. 7:00 pm 

LECTURES- no,)n, Sumner 
Auditorium : Sumner noon Series 
presents Bessie Saghy. " Life in 
Denmark" with color lide to 
illustrate. 

4 p.m.. SB 2622 : Astr(}-physics-
Space phy ics Seminar, Dr . 
Jokipii. Cal Tech , " Fermi 
Acceleration: An Interpretation of 
Some Recent Cosmic-Ray 
Measurements ... 

8 pm" USB 2622 : Organic 
Chemistry Seminar; Profes or 
Harry Shorey. UCR. " Mechanisms 
of Sex Pheromone Behavior in 
Insects ... 
MEETINGS-DISCUSSIONS-9 
a.m.-4 :30 p.m .. Hotel del Coronado. 
Meeting for grad students to meet 
employers, etc.Call ext. 2162 for 
information. 

7:30 p.m .. 2A-2402 Muir : Pre-
med club meets. 

7:30 p.m .. Metero Hall Lounge ; 
student-faculty discussion with Dr. 
Paul Saltman. Sponsored by the 
Revelle Guest-in-Re idence 
Committee. 
MOVIES-8:30 and 11 p.m., SB 
2722 : "Genesis II:' student fi lms. 
Cost-$1 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Community Interaction n eds 

you. Tell th~ community what you 
think : find out what they think . Call 
ext. 2211 or drop by. 250MC. 

Suntlay, January 24 at 5:30 pm. 
will be the date and time that a 
group of students and local citizens 
who are interested in intercultural 
exchange meet for dinner and 
conversation. If you are intere ted 
please phone ext. 1940 before 
Fnday noon for information. 

Dance classes at the Anamoly 
Factorv WIll be Tuesda v and 
WedneSdays from 4-6 p in. and 
Thursdays from 4-5 p.m All are 
welcome Profe slon will be held bv Michael 

Walsh. Yale Law Schoo\, Public 
Defender THURSDA Y, January 21 

A Suc..~ '0 ~ ~Q..£S elJ'tS 
~~~ ~~'l.C 
1CICCI!%2:I:ax~~o:::cClOCE\ICII;\I 

f)?CIOOC>OCCx:lCI=>oococdl 

- ?f 

ROLLE'R 

"e"2..\ t-J & '(OU~ 
~A\'Ot2.\\t 
- - \ 

AS ~ECO~l)S 
- - \- \-

WE ' LL. HAVE -nl~ ~U~C~ 
,0 -. O\J~SeL~Es ~ 
--\ \_.,--

A""A7-~ ,(OU~ ~<2.'~)J\:)S 
1', 1971 Triton Times 

CLASSIFIEDS 
For Sale 

SKIERS 
Brand new foam fiHed Lange 
" pros" 8-11 2M Reg, 5150.00. 
Must sell Sl5,00. call Mark. 755-
3990. 

20% off for students and faculty 
leather, fur and net. 459-3128 

A BETTER BED! King size 
water bed, $55,00. Tbe Water 
Hole,4282 EI Cajon Blvd. %80-
Z6U. 

COSMETICS. For 9-25c Sam-
ples of Randal non-allergic 
Cosmetics, (made from fruits, 
herbs, ferns, flowers, etc. and 
no harmful chemklls) send 
onlySl .00 to Randall Cosmetics 
P.O. Box 2019, La Jolla, Calif. 
State of skin is dry, normal, or 
combination . 

70 HONDA 70CC 
Electric Start 
Perfect Condition 
5280 or Best 459-5746 

One-owner car : Plymouth 1966 
Fury 3. Station Wagon . Ex-
cellent condition. Blue book 
value. Call days X2573 ask for 
David . 

Dependable '64 Oldsmobile 
Vis ta Cruiser Wagon in 
excellent condition. 5'50, 
Available February 1. Call 453-
7565 in evening, please. 

Like new. Smith Corona por-
table SS5 . 459-5766. 

Bumming around Europe this 
summer? Student Charter 
Flights to London Tel Aviv and 
Japan . Low prices t.1I 755-3990 
affer 5 p.m . or (213) 651-3311 . Or 
write E.S.E ,P.-U.C.S.D, 8217 
Beverly Blvd. Los Angeles, Ca. 
90048. 

Services 
Typing ... Experieneed Iypiu .. . lerm 
papers, Ihesi . EI«lric Iypewriler_ 
Will ~o rush jobs. 453-6835. 
Typing-for accurate Typing on 
electric pica-term papers, 
theses, manuscripts etc. call 
Mrs . McCroskey 287-1607 

DISTINTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 
Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8888 

Learn German with a native 
speaker. Total immersion. 459-
5309. 

Mr . Michael Fashion Tai lor 
Alterations and Remodeling 
For Men and Women. Expert in 
Leather and Fur. 633 Pearl St. 

459-2128 

Weaving, macrame, batik 
classes Start soon . Call 755-4461 
Carmel Valley weavers supply 
for class schedu Ie . 

LORANCHET-Gooc!man studio, 
La Jolla. Custom Designed 
Wedding Bands and Sets, un-
usual and striking . Complete 
facilities for Custom Centrifu-
gal casting. 459-9248. 

Expert Tailoring 
Michels Fashion Tailor 
alteration and remodeling for 
men and ladles. Clothes, out of 
style, lost or gain weight, don't 
be discouraged. Bring them in 
for re-fltting, reasonable prices, 
expert in leat~er and fur. Drive-
in parking. 633 P~arl St. 

Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 
Try James Automotive Service 
American and Foreign cars 
Repairs and Polution control. 
Student Discount 7748 Herschel 
La Jolla (in the rear) 45'-'111 

Personals 
Lib. Fern. Roommate to sbare 
beacb house witb one olber, 
S67.5O.Over 21. 7~4591 after 9 
p.m. 

ROOMMATE WANTED 
Students with house in Del Mar 
have room for 1 female, Rent 
$65, All necessities provided. 
Call 7~990 evenings. 

Roommates wanted for S 
Bedroom, 3 bath house with pool 
in Cardiff. Own RM for 570 plus 
utility . Come to 1952 Crest and 
see it . 

THE GOLDEN OLDIE 
FILM SOCIETY 

pre e nls 

The January Film Festival 

JAN.23 
ON THE WATERFRONT 

Marlon Brando 
Rod Steiger 

Lee J . Cobb 
Carl Malden 

THE CAINE MUTINY 

Humphrey Bogart 

PLACE 
Sumner Auditorium 

TIME 
6:50 

Tickets available 
for remainder of 

series at 
Urey Hall Box OHice 

$1.00 
Individual tickets at the door 

7S' per night. 

JAN. 
30 

MIDSUMMER'S NIGHT DREAM 
Royal Shakespeare Company with Dianna Rigg 

THE ANATOMY OF A MURDER 
with James Stewart, Ben Gazzara, Lee Remick 


