
triton ti 
Volume 14, Num!Je, 18 University of California, San Diego 

Tel1~r calls fo-r "Freedom to Inquire" 
. . Lawren~e Radlallon La~, ~nd CommiSSion) that has and graduate degrees in 

One of the mo~t mfiuenttal the Livermore Radlatl~n advanta~es and disadvantages. Germany 40 years ago. He 
men of the Twentieth Century, ~aboratory . Though hiS The~e IS the advantage of speaks with a thick and 
UC Profes~~-at-Large Edward mter~sts range throughout havmg some of the world 's best individual accent that is 
Teller, VISited U~SD last chemistry and physics, Teller equipment available for your Hungarian by way of Germany. 
Wednesday. Teller IS. perhaps has now concentrated on the University research. Also, the The TRITON TIMES next 
be.st k~own to ~~ pubh~,ror two peace.ful use of the atom, UniverSity may have a asked Teller about the recent 
thmgs . as the father of the especlall~ toward the possible ben e f i cia I e ff e c ton Amchitka bomb test and the 
H-bomb, . ~nd as the target of use of fUSIon energy. government work. current critique of U.S. defense 

rece~t m~ltta.nt student protest, . The. T R ITO N TIM E S "~here is the disadvantage of policy : 
culmm~tmg m the mock a~ar~ mtervt~wed Teller the morning poSSIbly being where you are Teller: ot all of those who 
of t~e Dr. Strangelove prIZe after hiS lecture at UCSD: not wanted. I think the solution opposed Amchitka, as well as 

tohlmla~tyear : TT: Dr. Teller, there has been workedoutbythefacultyand the Antiballistic missle 
Smce hiS semmal work on the a great de~1 of controversy Regents (r.ecently continuing (ABM ), think that Russia is 

fUSion bomb two decades ago, over the LIvermore and Los the relatlOnship-ed . ) was really a nice country and would 
Teller has ~come one of ~ very Alamos labs you wor~ at. How reasonable: I supported most of never attack us. Rather they, 
fe w Professors-at-Large m the have you rea~ted to thIS? the Z Inn erR e p 0 r t and they are certainly a 
~C system. He . ~as h~ld Teller: It IS a . rela~ionshjp recommendations." majority of the opponents, 

Im~~rtant admtnlstratlve (between the ~ntverslty and Teller .was born in Hungary believe that nuclear war above 
pOSItIOns at Los Ala!llos, the the At 0 m IcE n erg y and receIved his undergraduate all must be avoideq. Thus. they 

tend to oppose any action, like 
Amchitka, that might irritate 
the Russians. If, in the process, 
the Russians conquer us, well, 
too bad. 

Committee Recommends Bail Fund 
Recommending that UCSD participate in a 

legal assistance program, establish a bail 
fund, and provide educational programs 
concerning the legal rights of students, the 
Chancellors advisory committee on police-
student relations completed its first week of 
investigating student contacts with the legal 
system. 

Two subcommittees presented their reports 
to the full committee Tuesday . A 
subcommittee on files reported that they had 
heard from campus police chief Torrens 
concerning the files which the campus police 
maintain. The subcommittee had compiled a 
list of some thirty UCSD agencies which 
maintain files on students. Establishing the 
police files as one of the most important to be 
investigated the subcommittee concentrated 
on them the first week. 

Another subcommittee concerned itseU with 
the problem of students obtaining legal 
assistance when in trouble with the law. That 
subcommittee concluded that students are 
generally ignorant of their rights under the 
law and that some type of educational 

program should be set up at UCSD. Students 
would be informed of their rights when 
arrested, what to do after an arrest, and how 
to obtain bail. 

The special subcommittee on legal 
assistance also concluded that UCSD should 
set up a bail fund to provide assistance to 
students who are unable to post bail by 
themselves. The committee suggested that 
cash for the bail fund be obtained through fund 
raising events, private contributions from the 
San Diego Community, and from regular 
un!.versity funding sources. 

A final proposal of the subcommittee was 
that the university participate in a program 
sponsored by the Cener for Legal and Social 
Services. The Center, for a fee, compiles and 
maintains an information fact sheet on each 
student which would assist in obtaining OR 
releases in case of arrest. The fact sheet 
would contain essential information which a 
judge would want before granting release 
without bail. 

(continued on page 13) 

Last yea r Teller was 
attacked by the "Red Tribe" of 
Berkeley. California. The 
Tribe held a "war-crimes" 
tribunal on the UCB campus 
and sentenced Teller to death 
in absentia . His Berkeley home 
is now guarded by high fences 
and iron gates. A march on his 
borne was broken up by police. 
This year at a meeting of the 
American Association for the 
Advancement of Science 
(AAAS ), Teller 's address was 
interrupted by faculty and 
student protestors who called 
him a war-monger and 
attacked his use of bodyguards. 
1'1': What do you think about 
the Red Tribe and AAAS 
incidents? 
Teller: The Red Tribe was 
rather amusing. They came 
marching up to my house to 
"off" me but the minute the 

Th
O d C II police arrived the turned 
I r 0 eg e around and ran back to the 

(coDtiDuedon'page 14) 

Positive images for Black Communities 
Tommy Colimee 

"The presentation of positive 
images and alternatives of 
action for Black communities" 
is a cornerstone objective of 
Third College communication! 
instructor Oscar H. Gandy, Jr. 

"Oscar," as he is knowi. 
around the Third College 
campus, is a native Long 
Islander. • 

After high school graduation 
in Long Island, Oscar pursued a 
com~unity college education, 
receiving his Associate in Arts 
degree from Nassau 
Community College in 1964. 
Thereafter , he went to the 
University of New Mexico, 
completing his undergraduate 
education in the field of 
sociology in 1967. 

Many Black college 
graduates are returning to 
their communities to 
contribute their learned skills. 
Oscar also chose that route . 
In tead of going back to Long 
Island. he selected 
Philadelphia as his stomping 
ground - only this time to 
become involved in the Ridge 
Di trict as a caseworker. 

Not being quite satisfied with 
that endeavor. he decided to 
attend the Annenburg School of 
Communication . Ultimately. 

~e received a Ma ter . degree 
m communication in May o( 
1970. . 

While a student at 
Annenburg. he instructed a 
" Young Communicator ' 
Workshop. " and erved as an 
a istant editor on the 
"Collegiate Guide " to 

. 'hiladelphia , as well as a host 
f other jobs in the field of 
:ommunications. 

At this time Oscar has found 
Inother nest one with many 
curious birds. That nest is the 
telecommunication program 
at Third College in which he is 

an instructor. Thi in itself is a 
unique po ition for a man of 
multiple kill in tha t field . 

When asked whc:t are som of 
the ubject he teaches to 
students at Third College, he 
replied, " I am interested in 
seeing that Third World people 
are able to utilize tools, 

Improve their ability to 
communicate, to be able to 
interpret, identify and react 
comprehensively on a 
communicative level. ·' Also,. 
he said that Third World 
students should have skills in 
the area of "television 

production a nal y I , 
techmque , approac'h , new 
production, docum ntaries and 
even commercial ." 

" This ," he aid , " will 
nhance one's method of 

under tanding choi element 
of lighting, tagecraft and 
other necessary item in 

television production." 
Oscar believes that workable 

alternatives in 
telecommuni catio ns are 
necessary. This is why he has 
turned to the booming area of 
cable antenna televi ion 
(CATV ). San Diego is 
supposedly considered the 
largest subscriber to this 
medium , according to experts 
in the field . San Diego Black 
community (southeast S.D.) 
residents can now subscribe to 
cable television in that area. 
Oscar is working with people in 
that community to develop 
CATV so that it can effectively 
serve the southeast 
community. 

In terms of Asian, Chicano, 
and Black communities in this 
country, as well as abroad, this 
medium will "bring general 
interest programs, instant 

. community government , 
autonomous programming and 
a potential for retrieval of 
information from other 
places," according to Oscar 
Gandy. 

Gandy aid , " People 
omctime have difficulty 

understanding the realitie of 
their environm nt. " He think 
that communications can help 
people better und rstand 
" reaLitie ." A an exampl h 
cited th fact that pie 
out ide of the Bla ck 
community have labeled Black 
p ople negative1y through 
tel vi ion . Gandy aid , 
"Communication kill can 
help Bl ck people red fin 
their own realit in a more 
positive wa ." 

Friday December 3, 1971 

No Thanksgiving 

Chicanos fast 

Monuel de Jesus Hernandez 

Over Thanksgiving vacation, 
from Wednesday morning to 
Thursday midnight, from 35 to 
50 Chicanos from the different 
campuses of the University of 
California fasted m front of 
University Hall in Berkeley. 
The group wa composed of 
students, faculty , staff and 
community membt'rs. 

Speaking on behalf of the 
fasters, Licha Bracamonte, 
former UCSD-MECHA 
chairwoman, said , " The 
Univer ity of California is a 
university of the people. We 
are (Chicanos) the people. Yet 
the entire history of the 
University has been one of 
oppression and exclusion of the 
Chicano people." 

She further added that 
" though we repre ent 15 per 
cent of the state's population. 
we are only 2.9 per cent of the 
student population within the 
UC system. And only 15 per 
cent of the faculty is Raza ." 

A Itst of proposals was 
ubmitted by the participants. 

They were submitted in an 
effort to have them 
incorpora te d inlo the 
educational plan of the 
University : 

" - The enrollment and 
support of 7,000 Chicano 
students in the Univer ity 
system by the yea r 1973-74. 

- Educational programs for 
and by the community, both in 
Exten ion and at the graduate 
level. 

- The establi hment of two 
campu e , one in the north, the 
other in the south, dedicated to 
the education of th Raza " 

Berkeley 
And an offiCIal MECHA 
statement declared, "We can 
no longer stand by and allow 
our destruction through 
negation." 

When interviewed, Third 
College student Vince "-.de 
Baca explained how the 
"education within the UC 
system has been devoid of our 
culture and heritage." He 
further added "Just as we have 
much to gain from the 
University, we t.ave much v 

offer." Accordmg to him "all 
Chicanos ask is for the 
University to join in an 
expres ion of belief in the 
comm itme nt to high er 
educatIOn ... 

At the event. mo t of the 
time the participant had to 
keep moving around Univer ity 
Hall becau e of the fear of 
being arre ted Many Chicano 
from UC Berkeley and the 
urrounding community joined 

the fa t at one time or another. 

Accordmg to Carlos Blanco 
Spani h Literature profe so~ 
and member of the fa ting 
party, " It was a collective 
event in behalf of our common 
principle and goal ; we did it 
m a pint of love and sacrifice 
in the tradition of Gandhi and 
our own Cesar Chavez." 

Other CD-ME HA 
member pre ent at th event 
were : Chri tina Ruiz, Muir 
College graduate tudent , 
I abel Araujo, MECHA 
ecretary ; Ed yala , ME HA 

member . and MIke asquez. 
Third Coli ge ophomore. 

No More Coast Cruiser 
The Coast Cruiser ~/il\ make its last Fall Quarter 

run on Friday, Dec. 4 due to lack of funds . The 
Associated S u.4ct\t~ , v,.,.:~ .hui il.i~ illhHluptlon of its 
regular. commuter bus service will be temporary, and 
a,polog.zes fO.r any inconvenience it Iltu f calise. Finan-
Cial s~~port IS now being sought from the R gents, 
the cities of San Diego and Del Mar and local 
business organizations, to continue the operation of 
the bus. 



page two San Diego 
MECHA organizes Culture T 

1. For what insect was San Diego famous at the turn of the 
century? 

2. The nephew of a San Diego mayor was the first escapee 
from the first San Diego jail . He later went on to become "The 
Law West of the Pecos. " What was his name? 

3. Which statement about the Old Spanish Lighthouse on 
Point Lorna is incorrect? 

food drive here 
A drive to obtain food to help support the farmworkers is 

being organized to take place during finals week. 
According to James Mendez, spokesman for the drive, 

"Some people are under the impression that La Huelga is over, 
but this is not the case. The farm workers are still on strike in 
various parts of the state. In fact, until just recently there was 
a strike going on here in San Ysidro, but it was discontinued 
because of an injunction, and also because the people in Delano 
felt it was too expensive to continue. There are several small 
winerys that are also being struck against. So, it is evident that 
there is still a necessity for a food drive." 

In the past, at Christmas time there has been a food caravan 
from San Diego to Delano. An attempt to organize such a food 
caravan for this year is in progress. In order to pick up the 
food , there will be labeled boxes in most of the dorms, and a 
table in the Revelle plaza in the afternoon during finals week . 
Food can also be taken to the MECHA office. 

The types of food most desired are staples, such as beans, 
rice and sugar, and canned goods. Usable clothing will also be 
appreciated: Any money that is donated will be used to buy 
more food . 

Anyone wishing to help can contact James Mendez at 433-
0946 any time after 6 p.m. 

Ext. courses available 
Nearly 400 free University Extension courses are available 

to UCSD students who me a petition with the provosts' office at 
their college by Dec . 10. 

Through concurrent registration. students may choose from 
250 Extension courses being offered for the Winter Quarter 
beginning Jan. 3. They must, however, have prior approval 
from their college provost. 

Concurrent registration was begun at UCSD in fall 1969 to 
allow Extension students to enro\1 in regular University 
courses on a space available basis. 

A reciprocal exchange was worked out so that an equal 
number of UCSD students could enroll the following quarter in 
Extension courses. 

In fall 1969 there were only 24 enrollments, but registration 
has grown to the point that 386 openings in Extension courses 
are available to UCSD students for next quarter. 

Students enrolling in Extension courses have found they are 
able to study subject matter and hear speakers not available in 
regular courses. 

For instance, among courses to be offered this winter are 
"The Buddhist Vision o[ Life," "Some Alternatives for 
Religious People," "Dealing with Life Stress," and 
"Promoting Health Through Nutrition" and " Earthquake 
Country." 

University Extension catalogues are available at the 
Extensions registration desk in Building 103 on Matthews 
Campus. With prior approval, many courses may be taken for 
degree credi t. However, every student must file a petition with 
the provost of his college, the graduate office or dean of the 
School o[ Medicine no later than Dec. 10. 

Fashion to raise funds 
A fashion show in leather is being held to raise money for the 

Sickle Cell research and education program as well as an 
apprenticeship fund for deserving young men which will enable 
them to be trained for a career in leather craftsmanship. 

The show, " Leather Extraordinare" , features fashions in 
leather by Marcus Lynch and June Draper. Tickets are 
available for a $5 donation. 

The show will be presented in the Mission Bay Room at the 
Bahia Hotel, 998 Mission Bay Drive on Sunday, December 12 at 
5 p.m. Some of the featured guests include : Jimmy McGriff 
and Dave Holden, who will provide music for dancing, De Etta 
Little, Betty Bibbs and various T.V. personalities - including 
some from the program " Room 222". 

Further information on the program can be obtained [rom 
Jim Brown at 239-9281 ext. 16. or 261-4000. 

Fight smog now! 
~n Diego's first Community Air Implementation Workshop 

w 11 be conducted Saturday December 4. at the Sheraton Inn, 
Harbor Island . giving citizens the chance to "be heard" on the 
San Diego Smog Problem. The affair, running from 9 a.m. to 4 
p.m .. is free to the public and will serve two purposes: 1 l to 
educate interested and concerned people on the severity of San 
Olego s air pollutiur. prob'lem ,,!WI Z-l to provide training and 
preparation [or citizens desiring to participate in and testify at 
tlfe forthcoming hearings to be held on the County and State Air 
Pollution Implementation Plans - long range programs for 
meeting new Federal Standards by 1975. 

The workshop is organized and sponsored by the San Diego 
Clean Air Council operating under a federal grant. The meeting 
will be kicked 0(( with a yet-to-be·announced celebrity and will 
include authoritative speakers in related fields from around 
Southern California . Those attending are advised to bring a bag 
lunch. 

CAC chairman Alan Schneider describes this workshop as "a 
rare opportunity" for concerned San Diego citizens to be heard 
on decisions that will affect the air quality for years to come. 
Schneider states that he has received more telephone caUs in 
the last few weeks from people worried about the smog level 
than in any other comparable period of time during the last two 
year . "Thus, .the timing couldn't be better." he said. 

Page 2 Triton Times December 3, 1971 

'. 

a. It was one of the five most visited U.S. National 
Monuments last year . 

b. It was built by the Spanish. 
c. It is often above the inversion layer and thus smog free . 
d. It is no longer in use. 

4. At what La Jolla hotel does J. Edgar Hoover stay during 
the Del Mar racing season? 

5. Which popular San Diego beach used to be called " the 
Mussel Beds" ? 

6. What was Wyatt Earp's major source of income during the 
years he lived in San Diego? 

7. Which of the following stars of stage and screen is not from 
San Diego? 

a. Gregory Peck 
b. Cleavon Little 
c. Robert Redford 
d. Raquel Welch 

8. San Diego is known for its fine restaurants and elegant 
hostelries. What major hotel chain and what major restaurant 
chain originated in San Diego? 

9. Of what major San Diego newspaper was Nixon staffer 
Herb Klein editor before January 1969? 

10. Before the passage of the Chinese Exclusion Act , there 
was a Chinese fishing colony in San Diego. One of the Chinese 
community centers was at the Stingaree, the other was near 
the present site of San Diego's Portuguese community. Where 
is the Portuguese community? 

11 . Who dug the coal mine near the site mentioned above? -
12. What was the name of the real estate speculator who 

founded San Diego on its present site? 
13. What jet plane with skis , built in San Diego, was supposed 

to make aircraft carriers obsolete? 
14. What does 4.0 mean? 

State College hearing disrupted 
Dove' Buchbi nder ood .. . .. 

. . . g . " Robo" tomorrow for the Heanng ' .. and one policeman suffered an 
Montezuma Mesa IS ID . ts "Old McDonald Had a Farm injury from a piece of flying 

turmoil ; not over the Aztecs' Bohm~r himself then s~ke The next day, Wednesday, lass when one of the glass 
mediocre football season, but concermng . the d~strucb~e approximately 150 people ~oor~ to the buildin was 
over what has been dubbed by elements ID Call forma s entered the State Building in b ok A d' ~ th 
many San Diego State Students system of higher education. downtown San Diego to make br ekn. f tChcodr mg"It e 

.. "Th Cal 'f ' t [ rea er 0 e oor, was an 
as The State College e lorma sys em 0 the bearing an open hearing 'de tIt ' to k' k 

. .. h' h ed t' It ' . acci n . was rylng IC Rialroad. Ig er uca Ion on y rams The group was able to enter the th b t h I sed the d 
Very briefly, the "Railroad." small . segments 0.' the basement, where the SO police to! ::!t' .. u e c 0 oor 

concerns an assistant professor populatIOn to explOit the proceeded to cut off the At th·· . t th I' 
f . P t Boh masses Th · · . nd IS polo , e po Ice o economlc~, e .er . mer , . ' . e ventlhallon, bar the doors a cordoned off the street in front 

who IS facmg dlsmlssa! on key IS to fight to prev~nt total stop the elevator. The only way of the State Building. The 
cha~~es of . unprofeSSIOnal contro.1 of educatIOn . . as remaining to leave the demonstrators then marched 
cor."uct. a~d!allure ~o meet,u,e SU~TVlSed by the authont!es, basement was a stairway. At around the buildi until the 
responSibilities of hiS posItion . which only makes people mto 10:30 a.m., the police delivered police arrested :ee of the 
The charges were levied by robots. " " an ultimatum that the group group Then the group crossed 
several .conservative students Tom Hayden, of ~hlca,~o 7 disperse in five minutes or be the Sb-eet, going to the County 
who . c!almed that Bohmer 1) fame, then .spok~, saymg,. !he arr~sted. A ~alf-hour later the Jail, where they cried, "Free 
p?htlclzed the classroom; .) gr~ater cnm~ IS t~e onglnal police dehvered another Politicial PriS9ners." 
di storted the content of .hls cnme of bramwashmg by the ultimatum, granting the At approximately 1 p.m.; 
courses; and 3) gave radical schools, hence government, demonstrators only five more Bohmer came out of the 
students ~'s and conservative that brought about people who minutes ~o disperse. hearing, told everyone that 

stude~ts C s. att~mpted. to stop the Ten mlDutes later, the group everything was over for today, 
. Radical State students have bram,,:ashlng. It IS .the left the basement and and that the hearing would be 

picked up the cause of Bohmer formation of the American reassembled on the first floor, continued tomorrow . So 
and .have demanded : 1) open characte.r that al!ow~ people to where they proceeded to sing everyone left . 
hearl".gs .and . stud~nt-fa~ulty believe m enemies an such a "Old McDonald Had a Farm," Perhaps the whole problem 
participation 10 dlsciphnary deep manner so that t~ey can until the police declared an can be summed up by the 
processes : 2} all charges go slaugh.ter"the enemies and unlawful assembly and be~an statement of one coed who was 
agamst Bohmer he dropped ; feel no gUilt. to force the people out of the at the rally " It's the same old 
and 3) an end to political Allhe end of the rally, people building. During this action, crapl" she 'sa ' d 
firings. The students attempted were urged to, "Go downtown one female student was hurt . , I . 

Co \lege administrative ' to meet with several State K f ff · k 
officials on several occasions, au ma n 0 ers rent strl e 
but were for the most part 
ignored. 

On Tuesday, Nov. 30, a rally 
was held at State in support of 
Bohmer, to get people to go 
downtown to the hearing (the 
hearing was moved off campus 
by officials, after threats of 
student disruption) on the 
following day , Wednesday. The 
rally consisted of two guerrilla 
theatres which depicted the 
problem as, first , a rigged 
football game and then a rigged 
trial. Members of groups 
supporting Bohmer (MECHA, 
Vets Against the War, BSC, 
Women's Studies and the 
Economic Department, to 
name a few ) read supporting 
statements. 

It was claimed that all the 
charges were in fact , false. The 
speakers said that if one cares 
to check the records, Bohmer 
gave A's to conservatives as 
well as radicals, a nd vice-versa 
with the C's. It was further 
stated that all profs politicize 
their classes, but that 
Bohmer's is against the 
Establishment. " so it's no 

Rent strike at UCSD? 
"Not unless a majority of the students act as 

a unit and participate," stated AS President 
Paul Kaufman at the rent strike meeting held 
last Tuesday. 

Kaufman, who spoke to a small but lively 
group, cited a number of reasons wby the 
students should hold their rent. 

"The student who lives on campus is paying 
$720. a year for his room. Thus the cost per 
month, which includes Christmas and spring 
recess, is SIIB.50. Resident students must also 
absorb the added cost of subsidizing vacancies 
that have increased by 6% since last year. If 
the dorms were filled to capacity and the 
student were not paying for holidays in which 
he is forced to leave the dorms, the bill would 
be reduced to $514 . per year. This is a savings 
of $206.00. 

"For $98.50 a month the student is receiving 
half a room, a bathroom shared with nine or 
ten other people, and a partial kitchen which 
must be shared among 70 to 80 students. 
Despite the fact that student needs are not 
being met by living conditions in the dorms, 
his counterpart who lives off campus pays 
approximately .. a month for full housing 
facilities . " 

Kaufman then pointed out that many 
students are forced to live off campus because 
of transportation difficulties and a lack of low 
cost housing within reasonable proximity of 

school. 
However, the yearly debt service o[ $105,000 

must be figured into the rent if the bond that 
was used to build the dorms is to be paid. One 
student feared that if the rent were reduced, 
the cafeteria, which is being partially 
subsidized by the resident halls since it is not 
making enough to pay its share of the debt 
service, would be the first to go. 

Kaufman felt that if the students acted 
together they would have enough to encourage 
the Regents to renegotiate the bond, or to find 
other methods in which the debt service could 
be paid. 

"It is not the students' fault that the dorms 
were so expensive to build. The Regents are 
obligated to provide competitively priced 
housing for the students since the dorms are 

• not just a convenience, but an intregal part of 
the University. The situation as it stands now 
is entirely inequitable, " commented 
Kaufman. 

Sidney Glass , Third College resident dean, 
who also attended the meeting, stated that he 
would support a student effort to lower the 
rent. .. If . the students use pressure and 
everybody participates, there is a chance of 
success. The hour exists for changing the 
situation, but the students themselves must 
feel strongly enough about their position 
before any progressive action is to 
materialize," he stated. 

Kathy KJuzeic 
A familiar sight to anyone who has climbed up the road from 

Black's beach is the large white retaining wall, firmly planted 
into the side of one of the cliffs. Beyond that waH, not readily 
visible from the road, lies University House, the official 
residence of the UCSD chancellor. 

University House is located on La Jolla Farms Road on a 
point which overlooks the ocean and the city of La Jolla . Its 
five-acre yard is totally covered with hundreds of geraniums in 
a rainbow of colors, along with a few scattered trees. 

The house itself is 7000 square feet and is constructed o[ 
adobe bricks, all of the walls being at least two feet thick. The 

interior o[ the house is finishe<l with Spanish tiles and ornately 
carved woodwork, and is furnished in keeping with the Spanish 
influences of the architecture. 

University House is essentially divided into two sections' the 
private living quarters for the chancellor'S family, and those 

I ainbows of geraniums 
rooms used for hosting the various social functions. It curves 
around a spacious, enclosed front patio, which serves as the 
site for much entertaining. 

Formerly a private family residence, there were a few 
changes that had to be made before the house could be used by 
the University. These changes include such minor adaptations 
as the creation of a ki tchenette, laundry room, two guest baths 
and a gallery remodelled from existing parts of the house. The 
purpose for this remodelling was to make family living 
completely self-contained in one wing of the house. 

One addition that was made to the house was the 
construction of a retaining wall to control erosion problems. 
Another is the dog-run that was built onto the side of the house 
when the Yorks moved in with their two dogs. Future plans for 
the house include the building of a fence rurming along the cliff, 
the repair of the glass sun deck on the roof , and the 
construction of a wind-screen for the back patio. 

Parking for some of the larger social functions has become 
quite a problem since the La Jolla Farms curbs were all 
pamted red. Before the University sold some of the adjacent 
vacant lots, they could be used to accommodate the extra 
vehicles, but now that is no longer possible. To solve this 
problem, architects plan to remove some geraniums and put in 
a parking area next to the second driveway. 

"This house has proved to be pretty well-suited to being a 
chancellor'S residence. One of the beauties of it is that the 
family 's quarters can be virtually sealed off fro m the rest of 
the house when they are entertaining," said Robert Thorburn, 
project architect for the University House. 

Ri.tOry of ChaaceUon' ResldeDCe5 

Because many social events must take place in the 
chancellor's home, the ho.use (al.ong with a social secretary, a 
maid, a cook and a car ) IS prOVided by the University. UCSD 
chancellors have occupied a number of different residences 
before ~he present University House was purchased. 

The first house of the University chancellor, or director, as it 
was then called, was the Director 's House on the Scripps 
campus. As the University expanded , it became necessary to 
obtam a larger residence off-campus ; and a house on Pepita 
Way was bought by the University in 1961 and occupied by the 
Yorks. 

This house was later sold, so the John Galbraiths first lived 
in a leased apartment, and then a leased home on Greentree 
Lane. They moved into the University House on La Jolla 

.. Farms Road in June, 1967. 
f Since that time two other families , the McGills and the 
1:: Yorks , have also resided in University House and each has left 
~ their own distinctive mark on the house. When Dr. MacElroy 

~ arTives m January, he and his family will move in and will 
o ~ndoubtably make so.me of their own charges. Perhaps one f Improvement they might make will be in the stereo system, 

whl.ch accordmg to Thorburn, is both "inadequate and 
antiquated." . 

La Jolla Farms Purchase 

~he obtaining of a new chancellor 'S house, was not the 
primary reason for the University's purchase of 120 acres in 
the.La Jolla Farms area . Also figuring in the decision was the 
deSire to have more land for University expansion, particularly 
to gam access to beach area in which to extend Scripps. 

"The area has considerable potential for research 

and other University-oriented activities. The beach and cli ff 
areas may provide a unique opportunity to extend the Scnpps 
Institution of Oceanography Shore Reserve, '" said John 
Galbraight in The CbaDceUor's Newsletter, dated Apri11967. 

The 120 acrtls included stables and a racetrack, near Salle 
Institute, 36 subdivided lots and 2 residences in the area above 
Black's beach, and the canyon and beach area. They were 
bought by the UC Regents in March , 1967 from William Black, 
a La Jolla developer 

Original plans for the new property allowed for the expansion 
of Scripps while there was also talk of letting a private 
contractor come in and build a small shopping center in the 
racetrack area . However, budgetary problems have 
indefinitely postponed any plans for Scripps expansion and 
coupled with numerous residents' complaints, have made the 
shopping center out of the question. 

There has been a lot of controversy, much as the result of 
outside criticism of the $2.8 million land purchase. Opponents 
ask why the University didn't buy the less expensive land to the 
east. Although the money came from Regents' funds not 

appropriated by the state, many also felt that the ["ods should 
have been spent on other priorities. 

To many people it is still a mystery why, once the University 
we~t ahead and bought the land, its plans for the development 
of It apparently changed so drastically. Mr. Warren Levin, 
assistant to Vice-chancellor Johnson and who served on UCSD 's 
Beach Committee for Greater Access, said that he didn 't know 
of any future plans to develop along the beach. 

The recent sale of much of the subdivided lots owned by the 
University is also part of the enigma. " I thought the University 
bought the land as an investment. Frankly, the decision to sell 
it off puzzles me," said Dr. Phillip James, executive assistant 
to the chancellor. 

De ember 3, 1971 Triton Times Page 3 



. 

,~ Filmex:xemlif 
, 

Ruth S;'..,.rstrom 

Considering that Hollywood is the "film 
capital of the world," and considering that 
film festivals have been occurring with 
increasing frequency over the past ten years, 
it is surprising that Los Angeles waited until 
this year to have its first festival. With 
pleasure, I can say it was a festival worth 
waiting for , 

The First Los Angeles Film Exposition 
(Filmex) took place Nov. 4-14, The program 
fell in two major categories. One was "A 
Tribute to American Cinema" which consisted 
of 21 rarely-seen films by important American 
directors. The most notable of the films were 
Joseph von Sternberg's " Docks of New York" 
(1928); John Huston's "The Misfits" (1960); 
Charlie Chaplin's "ModerD Times" (1936); the 
original 1923 version of "The Ten 
Commandments" directed by Cecil B. 
DeMille; John Ford's "The Long Voyage 
Home" (1940); and D. W, Griffith's " Lady of 
the Pavements" (1929). 

, 

with the investigation of his murder. The film, 
completed in 1971, gives a fairly unbiased 
account of evidence exposing the lies told by 
the state's attorney general. 

"FaU to Polillcize" 
I have long feit that political films fail to 

politicize. Most people won't go to see the film 
if they don't agree with its politiCS in the fir~t 
place. And those who do go to cheer for theIr 
causes oon't leave the theater any more active 
than they were before. At most, the film 

"Filmex ... 1971's 
newest tradition?" 

The seCond category was a "Special 
Selection of New Motion Pictures," Films of 
many types and styles were represented. In 
this part there was something to please 
everybody. There were three programs of 
shorts ("The Films of John and Yoko, " 
"Films from the Underground" coordinated 
by our former film lecturer ~harles 
Lippincott, and a program of ammated 
shorts ). Several documentaries were 
featured , including Haskel Wexler 's " Brazil : 

reinforces their beliefs and gives the viewer a 
chance to let off some steam watching 
politicians make asses of themselves. This in 
itself is a justification for making political 
films if a justification is necessary. Per~nally, I don't believe most actions or 
motives need to be justified, but it would -~'~ 
certainly be more effective if films such as 
"The Murder of Fred Hampton" reached 
audiences who still have faith in the 

arts 

A report on Torture," "The Murder of Fred 
Hampton " and "The Woman's Film." And 
there w~re 18 contemporary feature films 
(many shown for the first time) representing 
12 countries. 

Hllcbcock Fealurtcl 
Two of the retrospective programs are 

worthy of special mention. The first is a 10-
hour Hitchcock marathon featuring six of his 
films (the 1934 version of "The Man Who 
Knew Too Much," "Foreign Correspondent," 
" I Confess", "Vertigo." "Secret Agent". and 
" Rope"). The films chosen did not represent 
Hitchcock's best work , but rather a cross-
section of his varied periods, styles and 
techniques. " Rope", for example, is an 
artistic classic because it was filmed in one 
take (i ,e., filmed without cutting from scene 
to scene) , giving the effect of a smooth, 
nowing camera, rather than the choppiness 
we are so used to seeing. The visual 
appearance of this experiment is so 
asto'mding that the weak plot is forgivable. 
The'viewer who managed to sit through all six 
films left with a better understanding of 
Hitchcock, a much more complex director 
than many ~ive him credit for being. 

The second special program which I 
especially appreciate was " Film Noir ." Film 
noir is not a genre of film . but rather refers to 
a style of film made in the Forties and early 
Fifties distinct in its tone and mood. Gener~lly, such films are recognized by the 
dark worlds portrayed, often concerned With 
crime and corruption, These films were 
always " B" films , the second film of a. double-
bill and because of this, they never gamed the 

att~ntion warranted them. The directors of 
this style have recently beco~e cult figures 
and their films have become hIghly respected 
in the film world, The seven shown at the 

"I have I~ng felt political 
films failed to politicize. " 

festival were an excellent representation of 
hat " film noir" actually is, The best were 

iloseph H. Lewis' "Gun Crazy" (1950), Samuel 
Fuller'S " Pickup on South Street" (1953 1. and 
)Woul Walsh 's " White Heat" (1949'. with 
James Cagney giving an excellent and 
amazing portrayal uf dn \icdipa! ga ng t r 

Among the contemporary cinema . many 
mportant and beautiful films were presented. 

" The Cow." a film made in Iran in 1968. is an 
nbelievably sensitive film ahout a man whose 

cow. a major ource of support. has been 
mysteriouslv killed , The death of his cow 
causes the man to lose hi mind , He thinks he 
is his cow. and his face actually takes on the 
appearance of a cow, . 

"The Murder of Fred Hampton" IS an 
excellent documentary dealing. at first . with 
the Illinois chapter of the Black Panther Party 
when Fred Hampton was chairman: and then. 

government. 

"Four Nights of a Dreamer", the latest film 
by France's Robert Bresson, is a touching film 
based on Dostoievsky's novel While NI,bts. 
The hero, a young man who lives in his 
fantasies, stops a girl from jumping off a 
bridge, She wants to die because the man she 
lives broke his promise to her by not returning 
fo marry her after a year 's absence. Our hero 
and heroine meet for four nights - same time, 
same-place - and talk. He immediately falls 
in love with her, but doesn't proclaim his love 
till the fourth night. As things start to look 
good for him, the long-lost lover returns to 
sweep the girl off her feet, and our dreamer 
returns to his own world. 

The film deals successfully with the theme 
of love - both requited and unrequited, and 
the tortuous love of friendship when it is more 
than friendship that is wanted . Beautiful 
photography showing Paris' night life, 
excellent editing, acting and direction 
combine to form a vastly rich experience. 

Louis Malle's "Murmur of the Heart." 

"It would be more effective 
if such films as 'Fred 
Hampton' reached au-
diences who still had faith 
in the government. .. " 

filmed in France. Italy and Germany, was 
easily the most enjoyable film I saw at the 
festival. A IS-year old boy, with all the normal 
problems of adolescence, has two additional 
problems - a heart murmur and an intense 
love for his mother (a murmur of the heart). 
The doctor recommends tha t he go to a 
sanitarium in the country where his heart 
murmur will be treated, and his mother, a 
beautiful woman. goes along to keep him 
company. Eventually, mother and son ~ak,e 
love. This scene is handled elegantly, havmg It 
build up from a gently cuddling to an intense 
climax. 

Funny Moments 
Some moments in the movie are among the 

funniest I've seen in recent films , For 
instance, the boy's two older brothers take 
him to a whore house to teach him about sex . 
He is assigned a whore who is a specialist for 
first-ti mers. As they tenderly start screwing, 
his two drunken brothers cofne in. watch for a 
few econds, grab him by the legs . and pull 
him out. Later on. when asked by his girl 
friend if he ever had sex, he replies with a 
mirk. "ye and no." 
An all-around joy. " Murmur of the Heart" 

had the honor of closing the festival. an honor, 
I think . almost as important as opening a 
festival. ("The Last Picture Show" by Peter 
Bogdonavich opened this festival. 
Unfortunalely. I did not see it. but it received 
the highest praises from all reviewers , I 

A second festival is now being planned for 
next year. This vear . the " leader" to all films 
shown declared " Filmex : The First Los 
Angeles Film Festival. A tradition since 
1971". 

Page 4 Triton Times December 3, 1971 

San Diego Ballet 

A Giant Leap Forward 
The San Diego Ballet 

Company will take a significant 
stride forward. in the world of 
the dance, when it presents the 
world premier of a new ballet 
premiere December 3. 4 and 5 
at Vincent Miranda's OFF 
BROADWAY THEATRE. 

The new work, by Thor 
Sutowski . is entitled 
"Cansona" and will have the 
choreographer dancing the 
leading role . Its presentation is 
considered a coup by the 
magnificent ballet troupe who 
appeared locally last August to 
uniformly brilliant reviews. 

of Tschaikovsky's 
" Nutcracker," at the Civic 
Theatre, has become a joyously 
anticipated event in San Diego 
by lovers of the dance. 

The Company received its 
first major reco~nition in 1966 ' 
when Ted Shawn invited them 
East to appear for a week at 
the internationally famous 
Jacob's Pillow Dance Festival 
held each summer. That same 
year ttrey were chosen by the 
California Arts Commission as 
one of only two companies 
professionally capable of 
representing dance throughout 
the state. Art Commission 
support makes touring 
financially possible, 

The San Diego Ballet 
Company was founded only in 
1961. and after its successful 
summer debut established 
regular performance seasons. Sonia Arova and Thor 

Sutowski are the current 
Its annual full-scale oroduction directors of the San Diego 

Ballet. while Mrs. Michael Ibs 
Gonzalez is chairman of the 
board of directors which 
includes some of San Diego's 
most prominent citizens. 

The other ballets on the 
program at the orr Broadway 
are Pas De Dieux, Pas De Six. 
and "Georgian Suite ," The 
internationally renowned 
artist, Jillana, is premiere 
danseuse of the San Diego 
Ballet, as well as artistic 
advisor. 

With the presentation of its 
first World Premiere, and with 
such internationally illustrious 
names among its number as 
Jillana. Thor Sutowski and 
Sonia Arova, the San Diego 
Ballet Company can bring to 
San Diego. and the West, the 
same cultural attainments of 
major Eastern cities. 

Closing Heralded 
An art exhibition is ordinarily celebrated by a formal 

"opening." "Earth: Animal Vegetable and Mineral" the 
current exhibition at the La Jolla Museum of ContemPorary 
Art, will formally "close" on Sunday, Dec. 5, with a public 
event scheduled for 1 p -:m. 

"La Jolla Promenade," one of the works in the exhibition 
will be broken down into components and distributed free by it~ 
creator, Newton Harrison. Harrison designed "La Jolla 
Promenade" as a tongue - in - cheek solution to the problem of 
snail infestation in La Jolla. White Peking ducks. natural 

pr~ators of the snails, have been put in an outside 
enVironment, together with the snails and a variety of plants, 
trees and flowers . 

It is appropriate that an art work, composed of living 
elements, continue to survive after. its period of formal 
exhibition. In order to further this concept, anyone who wishes 
to own and care for a part of the piece may do so by coming to 
participate in the closing ceremonies. Everything, including 
the flats of grass. duck pond. ducks, cinderbloek planters and 
all the plants in the exhibit will be given away at thaI time, 

The event is free and open to the public. 

Lundeberg Retrospective 
A 35-year retrospective exhibition of the paints of an artist 

whom some critics feel is the leading woman painter on the 
West Coast will open at the La Jolla Museum of Contemporary 
Art on Friday, Dec.l0, 

Helen Lundeberg, whose work is the sUI)Ject of the 
exhibition, first exhibited in the "Sixth Annual Exhibition of 
Southern California Art" at the San Diego Fine Arts Gallery in 
1931. She was, at the time, 22 years old and a student of artist 
Lorser Feitelson, whom she later married. 

Two years 'Ia ter she showed the first work in the then -
contemporary style of post - surrealism, a genre which 
combined a kind of classic. aesthetic order with the 
subconsciously derived subject matter of surrealism. During 
the '3O's she became one of the most notable artists in the post-
surrealistic movement. with works included in shows at such 
institutions as the Brooklyn Museum and the Museum of 
Modern Art in New York, 

When the paintings of Jackson Pollock and others burst upon 
the American scene in the early 195O·s. many artists were 
moved to adopt this new style as their own, Helen Lundeberg, 
however. expressed the spirit which caused critic Joseph 
Young. sriting about her in the publication. Art Internatioaal, . 
to subtitle his feature article. "American Independent. " 
Abstract expressionism. she felt. was " exactly at the opposite 
pole of creativity as far as was concerned .. .I believe that 
every painter ha's certain inclinations. and you do well to stay 
with them." 

Another development in painting. commonly called "hard 
edge." was more in line with Lundeberg's continuing 
development along classicist lines and, during the '50's, her 
paintings contained geometric abstractions along with the 
figuration . In 1~9, she wa~ in a show organized by the Los 
Angeles County Museum of Art. entitled "Four Abstract 
Clas icists." that traveled to San Francisco and then to the 
lnstltute of Contemporary Art in London. The same year she 
enjoyed one - man shows at the Rivas Gallery in Los Angeles 
and the Long Beach Museum of Art. 

[n the 1911O's, the artist beean refinement of the style that 
characterizes her work today : hard-«llfe "landscapes" and 
"seascapes" composed of sensuous. undulating bands of color. 
Constance Perkins. descrlblnc Lundeberg's work In the March 
13. 1964 edition of the LOS ANGELES TIMES. wrote. "Helen 
Luncleberg relies heavily on sensa I'le lIUIlI('e5 of color 
employed in contrastint! hues. Her poI.try - orienttd canvases. 

• 

Raffael ahd" Villa 
Display Natural Art 

In the last Visual Arts 
Exhibit of the quarter, the 
Department has brought 
together interesting pieces of 
art by Joseph Haffael and 
Carlos Villa,; objects of art 

• that are at the same time 
ageless and modernistic. 

The exhibit may be viewed 
through the last day of finals 
(December 10) at the Visual 
Arts Gallery, lower "oor of the 

Humanities , Library building 
a t Revelle College. The hours 
are 11 A.M. to 3 P,M. daily. 

Still on exhibit at the Gallery 
are the Four Quilts by Seventy 
Women,_a joint creative effort 
led in the Bay Area by artist 
Judy Halfael. Come to the 
gallery to see human "tatus" 
crawling reptiles, native 
apparel and the four mammoth 
quilts. 

Possi bili ti es 
in spite of their non-objectivity, are echoes of nature in which a 
high horizontal marks the boundary of sky to which simple 
contours of land or sea rise ." 

Concurrent with the Helen Lundeberg Retrospective 
Exhibition. which will be on view through Feb, 13, 1972, the La 
Jolla Museum of Contemporary Art is publishing a catalogue. 
whose 16 color reproductions are representative of each stage 
in the development of this artist's work - a continually 
expanding aesthetic which Joseph Young terms "a significant 
contribution to the history of American art as well as an 
exemplar of individualism in thetwentieth cpntury." 

Chamber Musicians Perform 
A concert of Christmas songs, some over 500 years old, will 

be presented by the UCSD Chamber Chorus and Chamber 
Singers at 7 p.m" Sunday, Dec. 5, in the Torrey Pines Christian 
Church, 8320 La Jolla Scenic Drive North. 

The concert is free and open to the public. 
The Chamber Chorus will sing two early Baroque motets, 

"Verleih uns Freiden" by Heinrich Schuetz and "Jubilate 
Dco" by Hans Leo Hassler. The Chamber Singers will sing two 
16th - century Spanish carols, the "Gloria" from the mass 
"Pange Lingua" by Josquin and "0 Magnum Mysterium" ("0 
Great Mystery" I by Tomas Victoria , The Singers will also 
present a contrasting, 20th - century version of " 0 Magnum 
Mysterium" by Francis Poulenc. 

Pa":lela Sawyer, trumpet. and Chris Vitas, violin, will join 
o~gams~ . Frcd Baconshone to pla~ Ive's setting of " Adeste 
F'ldehs. The Chamber Chorus Will close the concert with 
Mozart 's "Te Deum," accompanied by Baconshone. 

Both singing groups are directed by Ron Jeffers a UCSD 
graduate student in the Department of Music. ' 

"New" Music Recital 

Four pieces of " new" music will be presented in a concert 
sponsored by the ucse Department of Music at 4 p.m., Friday, 
Dec. 3, in the Recital Hall , 409 Matthews Campus. 

The concert is free and open to the public . 
The works will include " Piece of 8," a theater piece by 

Pauline Oliveros, Assistant Professor of Music at UCSD, which 
features the use of eight instruments - flute . oboe. 
contra bas oon, clarinet, ba s clarinet, French horn. trumpet , 
and trombone, 

Also presented "Animus," by Jacob Druckman, a piece for 
trombone and tape recorder which depicts hostility of the 
trombonist toward the tape. Unable to compete with the 
machine, the performer is frustrated to the point of stalking off 
the stage in anger . However, not wanting to let the tape have 
the final word, be re~nters to complete the piece. 

Ted Grove, a graduate student at UCSD with a masters from 
San Diego State and a B,A. degree from UCLA, will play the 
trombone in Druckman's piece. 

"Ceremony," by the widely recognized young compo er' of 
new music, Paul Chihara, will be conducted by Bertram 
TurelZky, contra bassist and Assistant Professor of Mu ic at 
UCSD. Turetzky has appeared on many recordings of Chihara 's 
music. 

The final piece will feature Keith Humble, Associate 
Professor of Music at UCSD, conducti", "Caroms ' by William 
Albright . 

Keyboard Seminar 
Distinguished pianist Earl Wild will conduct an informal 

seminar for keyboard players at UCSD at 8 p.m., Friday, Dec. 
3. 

The seminar, sponsored by the Department of Music will be 
held in the Recital Hall, 409 Matthews Campus and is iree and 
open to the public. 

Wild is here to perform with the La Jolla Civic - University 
Orchestra on Sunday, Dec , 5. His appearance is one of many he 
has made all over the world , beginning with the NBC 
Symphony and continuing with the Philadelphia Cleveland 
San Francisco, Montreal and London Symphony Or~hestras. ' 

He was the first American soloist to play Gcorge Gershwin's 
"Rhapsody in Blue" over NBC with Arturo Toscanini ; the first 
to play Paul Creston's "Piano Concerto" in Paris and 
WaShington, D.C.; as well as the first to play Dmitri 
Shostakovich's "Piano Trio in E Minor," 

Wild also has many varied recordings to his credit. 

University Chorus 

E~rly Baroque motets and chorale settings will begin the 
Chnstmas concert of the La Jolla Civic - University Chorus and 
the UCSD Women 's Chorus on Saturday, Dec , 4. 

The concer.t, which is. free and open to the public, will be held 
at 8:30 p.m., m the MUSIC Gallery, 408 Matthews Campus. 

The motets and chorale settings include Schein's " Von 
Himmel Hoeh" ("From Heaven on High"); Practorius' "Lo, 
How a Rose"; and Vulpius' canon on the same tune. Also 
included are Heinrich Schuetz' motet " Verleih uns Frieden" 
("Grant ,!s ,:eace in Our Time") and Scheidt's setting of " In 
Dulci JubJlo for double chorus and two obligatto instruments, 

~'he ~~~en 's Chorus will sing selections from Benjamin 
Bntt.en s Cere~Olly ~f Carols," accompanied by Joy Hujsak, 
harpISt. Paul Chlhara s beautiful and unusual setting of the 
traditional "Magnificat" text for six-part women's chorus will 
also be performed. Chihara is 8 faculty member at UCLA . 
. T~e concert will end with the Civic - University Chorus 

sangmg a group of setllngs of the text "Gloria in Excelsis Dco" 
("Glory to God in the Highest "); a plain chant from the 13th 
Century; the " Gloria" from Mozart ' " Missa Brevis in F ' " 
and Bernstein's "Gloria et Sanctus" from the Latin cboru~s 
he wrote for "The Lark." 

Soloists in the Mozart work will be Yvonne Brewer, &mdi 
~ac~od . Jim Phelan . and Tim Mague. with John Baer. 
planast. 

Both groups are directed by Ron Jeffers. UCSD graduate 
student. 

Donovan 
, 

Lyricist and folk min trel. Donovan will appear in casual 
concert at the San Diep Sports Arena Fridav Dec 10 1971 
Show time is 8 p,m, '. " . 

Donovan is seen by many as the reincarnation of an 18th 
century troubadour with ,In ability to combine popular mu fc 
With ,poetry and traditional Scottish folklore. He was born in 
1946 In Gl.a gow.,Scotl,a~d . His oWl&Cf years wllrespent in the 
city. and It wasn t ul1~,llIl lauIIIY moved to the country that he 
really began devel~plng poems and song . While growing up he 

w~s Influenced by Jazz and the country-wP"tprn tyle of Hanl!; 
WllI~ams a!"1 the Everly Brother , and by the age of 13 he was 
mgang their song , 

~t 18 he headed for ~ndon with the song he had written He 
so Impressed the mu Ie people. they gave him a spot on a new 

(co.lI .. t'II .. PIle II 
December 3, 1971 Triton Times PQg~ 5 



--t-\ ----:--- Port r a i t 
Eric Perlman 

"Possibilities . .. " 
'1'. V. show. Because of the success of his appearance. he made 
his first recording. "Catch The Wind." He followed with such 
hits as " Sunshine Superman." "Mellow Yellow." " Hurdy 
Gurdy Man," "Wear Your Love Like Heaven." and "Jenn ifer 
Juniper. " 

Donovan says because he is a musician and a song writer. he 
is happiest when he can put his first impressions into a song 
and have them come out a finished picture. His aim is making 
music for his generation by communicating emotions, thoughts 
and images. 

Tickets are $4 in advance and $5 at the door and are available 
at all Gamble 's Mens Stores. Central Ticket Agencies and the 
Sports Arena Box Office 1224-4176 ). Military discounts are 
available at all Special Ser"ices. 

BAGELS & CREAM CHEESE 
RA Y'S PLACE COFFEE SHOP 
STOP BY 0 YOUR WA Y TO SCHOOL OR WORK 110 -THUR 7-3 PM 454 PEARL ST ~~/.SAT ~:~~~ LA JOLLA ~....ocq'.oO'"~~.oO'"...coCClr:lClOQO'".A:;oCj 

rsEbb Your 
IlSED BOOK 

at 
the 

Universitg 
Bookstore 

Dec. ll8 & 9 
I:DO am ta 4:30pm 

'A'NNJ'&· .. & ... AV".-.·.y.'.-.'.v.,.,.· ... ·,r,,·A?&··VA·JI, 
Page 6 Triton Times December 3, 1971 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
lor service 

Tues. - Sat. 
9:45- 5:30 

Women Welcome 

Closed Sun . & Mon. 
233-8328 

WHAT'S A 
LATKA? 

Bring a potato 
and find out! 

$1 Hamburger 
Dinners 

Happy Hour Daily 
& Entertainment 

Nightly 
Fay at Silverado, 

La Jolla 

\\ A miracle happened there" 
and we intend to celebrate 

Chanukah Discussion/Party 
Sal. 12/47:30 Upper Blake 

The Pannikin· 
1296 Prospect 
Freshly Roosted Coffee 
Bulk Teos 
Imported Culinory Items 

Special Tea This Week: flirt Grey 

., 
PARR 
m.k •• ,0041 shIff 
0101' 16th ., .. ,1 

.t t ... Mutt 
, 211S Mlttl.n .'vd. 

Mar"" 
r.lI.r c .. ,ttr. 
0,." lund • .,. 
."·25tS 
FRONTIEA SHIRT 
'It,d. collar. 
I.c.·up che". 
dropped .hould.,. 
oath,fed .I.,v •. 
All t ailOf6G In I 
lilt krll1 Olcronl 
Cotl on. Solid 
Plum , IIlue. Gold. 
01' Vlnilll Whil'. 
Si .. IStMll, Meet 

~ um. large. 
12.00 

MONTANA SHIIT t.bov.. ',ttl 'n "oft·'ron D"r.n Doubt.knlt. f..,11 ,Iun, 
dr."t. s".uJde" lick lip '0' no.t "!Mr. (Ir,,,,t' " '''' LI, ... Icru, 
or Ottp I I.., • . S.M,l . ".00 . DOUllllEKNIT FL A •• JlAM' "",'ch l", ,hlr'. 
low riM • • ""'. h ips. W.ls •• lto 21·36. 1 • . " 

HELP FIGHT WATER POLLUTION 
- Local, National and International Post it ions 
- Full and Part-time 

and 
Earn from 5100 to 51000 per month 

'eI.272· 2 

5 

triton times 
... s*t .. c ........ ... 

......... c ...... U0J7 
rn4l_-_, ... t.1I. AIh ........ t.17 

Melly WN,.Rt , III ChiIf TInY ............ Mo..., 
TIlt ....... ..,.... ..... .,. a..,,1VtCI by tilt 
TRITOII TIMES Edlllrlal lINN. All ............ 
.11" ..... l1li1 ,... art ...... If tilt autlMn wIIIst 
III"'" ....., .. lilt byl .... IftCII III .. IItCtUIrUy 
rt!l!ct lilt ,1m If lilt TRITON TIMIS, 

The Party is Over, Poul 
Paul Kaufman has been AS president for three 

months now. In spite of the plethora of campaign 
promises made last spring, virtually nothing new 
has been accomplished at this pOint. Moreover, 
Kaufman's current ideas and actions indicate a 
distressing lack of responsibility and realism. 

The University of California is suffering a 
financial crisis of immense proportions. 
Nevertheless, Kaufman is asking President Hitch 
for 513,000 in University funds to expand the failing 
Coast Cruiser bus operation. Despite the fact that 
the bus is presently running at best only half-filled, 
Kaufman wants to buy a London double-decker 
bus, complete with spare parts, in the fervent 
belief that the "psychological appeal" of riding 
such .a bus will fill it up! If the present Coast 
Cruiser can't pay for itself, it is plain folly to 
expect that a bus more than twice its size will. 

Similarly distressing is Kaufman's current 
project, AS membership in San Diego's Center for 
Legal and Social Services, to the tune of S10,OOO of 
student funds. It seems that While each student 
does not have to become a member, the AS will 
have paid for approximately 5,000 memberships, 
or one for every undergraduate. Furthermore, 
some of these memberships will be abused and 
could lead to the very aggravation of student-
police relations Which the AS is seeking to avoid. 
Finally, we fail to see the unique benefits of Center 
membership. The AS could print its own cards 
listing the constitutional rights of arrested 
persons, and supply each card holder with two 
dimes for telephone calls upon arrest. It could 
gather a list of lawyers available for emergencies 
to help obtain O.R. releases or to post bail. It could 
probably negotiate flexible payment 
arrangements for legal services - and all for 
considerably less than 510,000. 

Kaufman's programs for bettering police 
relations are als.o notable in that they lack any 
plans for actual discussion with the police. He is 
acting purely defensively - buttressing students 
against police arrest. Why not initiate some quiet 
sessions with a few people and see if some 
misconceptions and hostilities can't be cleared up? 

The other current Kaufman projecls - a 
tramway and parking lot at Black's Beach, a 
discount record store (which he feels would 
perform a "real service to students") and a 
concert in the Sports Arena - all forbode large 
investments of student money, substantial 
University and community subsidization, and 
probable indebtedness. Kaufman assumes, of 

~ourse, V'lat the University community is eagerly 
awaiting these services - an assumption which we 
seriously question. 

Finally, Kaufman's administration smacks of 
blatant favoritism. Mike Palcic, last year's AS 
president, is now driving the Coast Cruiser. Sue 
Adiemian, Paul's girl friend, flew to a conference 
of businessmen in Washington D.C. recently - all 
expenses paid. And Jim Magill, an old friend of 
many AS administrations, was paid S400 to write a 
report on the committee structure at UCSD. 

The TRITON TIMES feels very strongly that 
Paul Kaufman has acted in a generally 
irrdponsible manner this quarter. We feel he must 
do better in the next two quarters if the AS hopes to 
claim any justification for its existence in the 
future. 

triton tiDles 
Edilclr- ill-Chit'" 
Citl Edit4lr 

\la·naJ.tin~ Editllf 
Cop~' Edilur 
Kusi nt·ss \llInll~t'r 
Editorial J)irt'rltlr 
Arls t:dilor 
Sports t:ditor 

PholtlJ.traph~ Editor 
.\ 'sislont Cit~ Edittlr 

\llIlh St·II'in 
hank PhillillS 
CIIIIII' Sharirk 

Chuck (;rahalll 
Tt'rrl' Karak 

I)al id Rurhbindrr 
Carrir Rirkel 

\likr.Ralh 
JO(' Eastern 
'-arr~' Ilt'rkel 

Tho Till TON TlMB " oHoc,olty IKoV"'.td and .uppantd o. a Ilud,nl 
-"",per by "'" Comm"""OflOn.Ioo,d of tile Un,...",.,. of Co~fornlO . 
Sor\ 1M9o . .... ido"ll 250. Mo",,"w, C_PIII, Lo Jollo. Col~ ... nio 92037 
'"bI"o'- " "'oC' w ... ly on T uetdoyI Oftd fndoy. Off.c, .... t Iocottd 
on 'oom II' ~. """. on tilt ...... C-IM fo< ............. pirone. 
c.n ·2000, . 1017;10, ecIoIoriol or ..... , phoM X 1016 

"Racism" "Authoritarianism" at Gym 
by James A. TrOller 

Authoritarianism is a sign of weakness. As a front for this 
weakness . a facade of roughness is portrayed by the 
authorltanan. To hIm what appears to be strong is good and 
that which is weak is bad. 

As. an example of this authoritarian attitude Barry 
Cunmngham. a physical education dictator. is an exemplar and ! shall attempt to show how the entire UCSD PE Department is 
just a center of covert racist attitudes. 

Cunningham's weakness is that he is ignorant bl the truth 
and he is white, Iivin/( in these un-United States of America -
ignorant of the fads that to call even a "nigger" a boy in 1971 is 
a crime and to call a Black man a boy is an automatic death 
sentence. Boy is what the white population years ago called the 
oldest African slave. The slave could be 101 years old . but he 
was still a boy. never a man. according to the white man. 
"Jim" and "Jimmy" are Anglicized versions of "James" that 
were used to make the conversation between slave and 
slaveowner seem friendly ; as the slaveowner smiled. when he 
said "J im" , to assuage his guilty feelings - feelings of having 
raped the slave women, yet also of friendship to the slaves as 
they to work early in the morning. He justifies this by telling 
the slaves that he 's onlv trying to civilize them. 

All these things contribute to Cunningham 's weakness which ~e. tries to hide under a screen of pseudo - toughness,' or . an 
I m the coach. therefore I'm right and you're wrong" mask. 

His racist at\itudcs are direct descendants of this type of 
cover-up for hIS weakness, and being an authoritarian hI! must 
attempt to hide these attitudes so not everyone can plainly see 
them . These attitudes and weaknesses are detrimental to any 
physical education program. 

Cunningham has been teaching at UCSD for at least two 
years. and like all authoritarians his first step was to take 
control by concentration of power. that is. noticing that the 
coaching positions at UCSD were voluntary. he volunteered. 
Because of the "voluntarity" (there is no hiring and 
supposedly no pay either ) of the coaching position and the 
shortage of PE coaches (which implies his becoming friendly 
to a specific individual in order to get the job repeatedly ) 
Cunningham realized that he had unrestricted power in dealing 
with the affairs of basketball. the coaching position he took up. 

Next. concomitant with this power comes the power to 
atomize the PE class that he dictates. that is, breakinR up 
friendships between fellow mates so that his rule will be 
complete and so that he can isolate those individuals who 
would question his dictatorship. To those who are left after 
atomization. a coordination of individuals into groups who are 
responsible to and completely controlled by Cunningham is 
formed . 

In order that this group stay responsible, a reign of 

The Politics 
of Motherhood 

By Richard Robinson 
UC D Student for l\1u kie 

As a political is ue. the 
environment and the quality of 
life has on occasion been called 
a "motherhood" issue. on the 
basis that it is something 
everyone supports and 
therefore meaningless. In fact. 
there are no "motherhood" 
issues any more - not even 
motherhood itself. To call the 
state of the environment 
unimportant as a political issue 
because every politician claims 
to support it is rather like 
calling racial equality an 
unimportant issue because 
everyone (George Wall~ce 
included) claims to support il. 

The real question is. what are 
the politicians planning to do 
about it? When rivers are 
declared public fire hazards. 
one begins to feel that piou 
word are not quite enough . 
The two years, more or les , 
since the ecological problem 

Hello,Chatlcellol"S 
Ot'f,'c e? May 1 spea~ 
Wlfh hiS honor,p/e8S~ 
:l just... \ 

got into the news ha ve seen a 
vast profusion of commissions 
and study groups. but a 
minimal effort on the part of 
most elected officials to 
actually clamp down on 
polluters. COne recalls the 
bizarre excuses which 
California politicians dredged 
up to permit continued drilling 
in the Santa Barbara Channel.) 

Many of us who support 
Edmund Muskie for President 
do so partly because he is 
virtua lIy the only political 
figure in the country to take an 
early and positive concern on 
"motherhood" is ue (long 
before anyone ever heard of it. 
for that matter t. Senator 
Muskie was writing and 
sponsoring environmental bills . 
starting with the first major 
Federal law aimed at air 
the state of the environment. 
Long before it wa a 

systematic fear or terror IS' applied continuously and daily so 
that propaganda which instills this terror and fear is spread 
thoroughly. continuously. with illMctrmation as its eventual 
aim. These are also the tactics that Adolph Hitler used to take 
control of Germany. 

Once this Cunningham regime is set uP. anyone who deviates 
from the estabLished norm is isolated and covertly eliminated . 
Eli Curtis and James Trotter are two Black students to whom 
this has happened, and Cunningham has been the eliminator in 
both instances. 

Since playing basketball at UCSD is a voluntary thing, there 
should be an attempt to create as much agreement between the 
coaches and the players as possible. I went in with this 
attitude. Cunningham came on and told me that he didn 't like 
me because of the way I played on the junior varsity basketball 
team. In fact. he told me that he tried to use his influence on 
the j.v. ~oa~h .. Musorr. to get rid of me because he. the varsity 
coach .. dldn tlike me. Then the punk sissy called me a " boy" in 
practice one day. I told him that I didn't dig it. He told me that 
I wouldn't be playing if I didn 't be quiet and do as he said 
reRardless of what he called me. 

r took the insult like a man and conI ron ted him again during a 
team meeting after practice one day. I told him that he was 
trying to be another Hitler. He said he wasn 't going to talk to 
me because " I wasn 't a part of the team anyway." I Laughed. I 
blasted him again about his altitude toward the team since he 
didn 't hear my first cry. Cunningham got uptight and told me 
to "get over here" in the authoritarian manner that he tries to 
display. I moved not. He said that "you're off the team ," I 
laughed at him as he stonefacedly waLked out of the fencing 
room and down the stone faced steps, crosseyed. Cunningham 
had aLI my practice gear taken out of my locker the next day 
without consulting me, showing his childish inability to 
confront me on a man-to-man basis. which is how I know that 
Cunningham is not a man. 

ThiS happened to me and it can happen to other brothers on 
this campus. Does the PE Department want to know why so 
few minority, Black and Chicano. students partiCipate in their 
programs? Cunningham is one of the reasons. Many brothers 
like Robert Spriggs. Bennie Richards and Leo Howard would 

Ii~e or would 've liked 1.0 play basketball at UCSD. but the 
racist and authoritarian attitude of Cunningham dissudes them 
because CUnningham's basketball is for robots, no men. 
Therefore I and many brothers at UCSD demand that 
Cunningham be removed and be given a free. electronically 
operated NBA game to play with at his pleasure. Mr. Robert 
Moss would he my choice to replace Cunningham. with Coach 
Cates as the assistant coach to varsity basketball at UCSD 
since coaching and playing are voluntary therefore subject t~ 
change by the participants. 

pollution, the Clean Air Act of . who bel i eve t hat the 
1962. environmental crisis relates to 

His most recent contribution, trees and not peupie are wrong. 
calling for an end to all And tho e who believe that we 
industrial discharge into must do something about the 
waterway by 1985. ha been SST and the automobile . but not 
described as "ambitious and ABMs and the Vietnam war are 
radically different" by the LOS wrong ... " 
ANGELES TIMES. and has This is an attitude which 
been attacked by President deals with the entire problem 
Nixon on the dubious ground ' facing this country in a 
that it might chase some systematic fa hion in tead of 
industries out of the country. running about franticall y 
Just why we should want plugging one hole shut as 
industries which turn our lake another pops open, which has 
and river into sewers was not been our way of solving 
made altogether clear . matters in the pasU ln the last 
Perhaps they contribute to the few years. tho e in power 
Republican party. haven't even been doing this 

Some have also claimed that with any visible enthusiasm.) 
empha i on environment is an It i no longer sufficient. we 
excuse for sweeping racism believe. for a public figure to 
and the war under the rug. But have the " right" stand on any 
" environment" does not given is ue. while remaining in 
simply mean the condition of a hopeless muddle about the 
the WASP's country club, it larger problem of which that 
means the total living issue is a part. To accompli h 
conditions of all Americans. To anything of u e today. a 
quote from the celebrated statesman must be able to 
peech Muskie gave at the come to grips with the problem 

Earth Day observance at of environment and the quality 
Harvard and the University of of life in it entirety, and be 
Pennsylvania. " Tho e who able to deal with it as a whole. 
believe that we are talking We believe that. more than any 
about the Grand Canyon and figure on the political horizon, 
the Cat kills. but not Harlem Senator Edmund Muskie has 
and Watts are wrong. Tho e demonstrated this ability. 

December 3, 1971 Triton Times Page 7 



Meditation Therapy 
Control Habit., etc. 
SeIf.Hypnosis 

FRESH EARTH 
IISTlUllIIT , STOll 
112Um1tl 
ElKlIIlTiS 
(lCIOSS fIOM IlMS8tS) 

BLOUSES, PONCHOS, SHIRTS, 
DRESSES, & GIFTS 

From: Ecuador, P .... 
Bolivia, Guot_1o 
Me.ico, Pakillan, 

Tulkey 

5521 La Jolla Blvd. (Bird Rock area) 
Open 10:30-6:00 

The naqst relaxing sleep of your 
life ... Every Night. 

NEVER SAGS 0 NEVER LUMPS 
AllY SIZE WATEI MAnlESS 
p !, $1495 

Water mattres8 
bed frame 29.95 

Liner & HUlu "ad 
wilh "un-h ... , of 
mall",,, and rrme 

2523 Mo .. na Dai!y11 .5 p.m ... 7-1 0 p.m. 276- 2812 

<USThAA ••• (lOTHIN4 Ivn .. .FIJI.R.4WS F1Jtl(AnON 

oo ••••••• ······lil 
• PREPARATION FOR FEBRUARY • 

• LSAT • 
• • 
• GRE ATGSB • 
• BEGINS JANUARY 8TH • 
• • Prep."t lon tor tflU required tor .Omlsslon to • 

Po>t ·gliOu.lo >thoots . • e . Slx,slsslon courses- Smaller groups. 
• 

,. Taped lenons for review or unatt ended classes. • 
• Course m.teri.1 constantfy updated. e · Home study material prepared by l)Cpe,u In .aCh field . e 

• STANLEY H. KAPLAN ~ • 
• EDUCATIONAL CENTER ~ Sln'01938 . 
• In $an DitgoArta (714) 488·0791 • 
Iil ••••••••••••• ltl 

Page 8 Triton Times December 3, 1971 

pres. that UCSD preMIItly enjoys. Consider USC, Stantei'd, 
UCLA, aDd Micbipn State, just to name a few . Not only do 
they enjoy academic prestige, but UCLA, to be specific, makes 
a lot of money from its athletic pfOll'am. So why should Black 
athletes come to UCSD with no compensation, only to get their 
brains scrambled by chemistry, calculus, and other coorses 
not conducive to the inadequate basic education offered to 
minorities in this country? 

Letters to the Editor 

The "Yugoslavian Tritons" 
by Michael Haney 

On Monday afternoon (11/29) I wandered over to the 
gymnasium to see what was going on. Perhaps there might 
have been an opportunity for me to get into a quick basketball 
scrimmage while waiting for a ride home. 

I discovered that the gym was being used by the senior and 
jUI~or varsity basketball teams in a practice session. 'Ibe first 
thing that struck me was the absence of Black ball players. I 
have been here since last January and between theories and 
formulas I have played a lot of basketball . I have played with 
many of the varsity and junior varsity players as well as the 
other athletes, Black and otherwise, who don 't have the time, 
or the inclination, or the eligibility to play for the school. 

Now why, to the casual observer, does our basketball team 
look as though it could be from Yugoslavia? There are many 
reasons: one, it is all white, at least the starting five is; two, 
and of lesser importance to me, is the fact that UCSD has no 
athletic program capable of luring fine athletes. Why? The 
administration and the Academic Senate are afraid that if the 
athletic program was expanded it would reduce the academic 

But of paramoont importance to me is the fact tIaat our dear 
basketball coach is a racist. I make this charge for a .unber of 
reasons : one, I have been told by several varsity players, that 
he bas made racist comments openly ; two, the Black player , 
Trotter, who played on the JV squad last year, was cut from 
the var:;ity for a!:king the coach to stop referring to him as 
"boy: "and, last, but certainly not least, he has the appearance 
of what Adolf Hitler might bave termed the epitome of the pure 
Aryan. 

Basketball is a sport (not exclusively) that Blacks excel in 
and enables us to acheive some modicum of economic 
independence, not to mention dignity and prestige. 
Professional basketball teams have a ratio of at least 3/2 in 
favor of the Black athlete. I am not saying that Blacks have a 
monopoly on basketball prowess ; after all there is Jerry " Mr. 
Clutch" West ; but there is also Earl "The Pearl" Monroe, 
Oscar "The BIG 0 " Robertson, Kareem Abdul Jabbar, Dave 
Bing, and the list goes on, and on, and on. 

Is oor "dear" coach so dear after all? Is he indispensable? If 
not, let us hire someone who will not be quite so prone to tell 
his players that Chicanos should go back to Tijuana if things do 
not suit them here, and someone who would consider that 
Blacks are sick and tired of " honkies ~ .c~l.ling us "boy." 

Take Me To Your Leader, Jude Fawrley 

An Open Letter 
The past article regarding 

students versus police is 
misleading: not all UCSD 
students feel as Mr. Carr does' 

Some people are obviously 
unable to control their own 
actions. Therefore some form 
of external authority and 
control is necessary to protect 
the rights of all : to insure the 
rights of all people. It would be 
ideal if people cou ld arrange 
their actions in such a way that 
they would not be interfering 
with other 's rights and 
Iiberlles. When living in a 
co mmunity of several 
thousand. as at UCSD. it 
becomes difficult to insure that 
everyone is happy. For in-
stance, the persons frequently 
screaming, hollering for Blake 
to wake up at 3 a.m. for 45 
minules out in the plaza , may 
resent ° harrassment" by 
UCSD authorities, or HA's. but 

w ha t Ch r i s t c I aimed a nd different absolutes , different objective do they ever stop to think there 
H J d ' God ' 't a anomaly in I' hed Th ft ' th t h truths, and different ways to make may be several hundred 

By Chuck Rose 
ey u e . Isn n accomp IS . e ac IS, a suc students suffering and losing 

His universe , but I definitely do agree events, thoogh they were covered by peace. much needed sleep at the 
that He is an anomaly in man's CBS, NBC and ABC and were given Jude, by faith I have chosen to walk " h . 

. A eed 'f th Red Sea wl·th Jesus Chrisl. Jesus claimed to be expense of these " few avmg umverse. gr , I e were world-wide coverage via sate11ite, fun ? Who's really harrassing 
to split apart tomorrow because some could happen today and most of the " the truth." He said very plainly, " I who? 
old man (Moses ) waved a stick at it, it scientists and scholars at UCSD woold am the way and the truth and the life: Seems to me that students 
might break up a few physical perhaps raise their eyebrows for a No one comes to the Father but by 
theories . Or if someone were to rise moment and then return to their test- me." And in light of this truth my being harrassed by other 
f th de d (Ih h 't Id be a be ha world has been reordered, for the first unrul y and inconsiderate rom e a oug I wou tu s, papers, or w tever, as you so students (or outsiders ) have 
repeat performance) medical reports correctly put, they had placed their time, with genuine consistency. 

Id be t· II . ed Of I'f f . h ' d t ' d ' . t Scl'ence I'S I'n world, yes , but God is in the right to request police wou scep Ica y recelv . alt 10, an con mue omg JUs assistance when their own 
your girl friend told you that she was exactly what they have been doing for my world as well . I know Him, I walk efforts fail to quell the 
pregnant, but hadn't ever slept with a the past 2,000 years . with Him, and I love Him. This is an disturbance ! When we speak of 
guy (fantasy!'!) , you just might not Of course, their anomaly , God, "objective truth" for me. And I agree rights and liberty. let' s 
believe her story of virginity. No, the labelled what they are doing about 3200 with you : by man's logic , what 1 consider everyone. It appears 
whole "Christ story" just wouldn 't years ago when He said , "You shall believe just isn't logical. But it was by that Mr. Carr and his friends 
make it if it were to happen today. I have no other gods before me. You faith that I chose to follow Jesus were harrassed. But what is 
agree. shall not make for yourself an idol , or Christ, and it was through my trusting the other side of the story? It 

However, God knew that, so as the any likeness of what is in heaven above Him that he revealed HIlMSELF TO also seems that those . in 

campus : too bad they exist. 
Lastly, I strongly object to 
having the UC system subsidize 
(financially) those individuals 
(students should be so "elect") 
arrested. Legal assistance, 
yes. should definitely be 
granted. and already is . Who 
supports UC? The public and 
we as students! $2,500. at least, 
per year per student is a nice 
sum for UC (nine campuses ). 

But I strongly detest the idea 
of me footing the bill for bail 
and legal assistance for some 
joker who decides to get into 
trouble! 

Think about it. This campus 
is. already very lax in its 
imposition of legal statutes. 
Illegal possession of alcohol 
and dope is rampant on 
campus ; other things go on 
unobserved by authorities, 
uncomplained about by other 
students. We 've got a hell of a 
lot more liberties here than 
even the genera 1 public! 

Granted. the police system 
existent in our society is 
screwed. but it's better than 
any other around. I'd hate to 
see this place in a total free-
for·all. There are too many 
people ( including those 
" radical" and pacifist students 
supporting human right) who 
on a personal level cannot be 
considerate and kind to others 
around them . 

A concerned Chicano student 
plus several other students 

P.S. How many olher UC 
sludenls feel Ken Carr's 
publicity is misleading and 
overpublicized? Yes. he has a 
right to publicity - but does his 
feeling of police harrassment 
reflect a general consensus? 
God. I hope not! 

Bible lells us (you 'll find lhe book in or on the earth beneath or in the water ME. Yes , I am happy and at peace, but general. who really compalin 
the library, no managing editor given ), under the earth. You shall not worship again that is what Christ promises to about police harrassment are Guns on Campus 
He sent His Son, Jesus Christ, " in the them or serve lhem." It's called all who will trust Him and follow Him. those that are participating in 
fullness of time" to die for our sins. idolatry, but then that's allright, since Sure, there are other happy people in illega l actions. or have in the Editor : 
But then Jesus never argued about they 've had their choice as far as what the world, but the reality that I have The whole question of guns 
science with the Greek and Horqan they want to place their faith in . The found in Jesus Christ is something that pa~~anted , mino~ity groups on campus (as discussed 
scientists, He just proclaimed to all penally for such a move is a big one: I wouldn 't trade for anything in this have been unjustly harrassed briefly in the TT on Friday , 
that He was God, that God was His spiritual separation from God (death). world. many times. But there are Nov. 19) is really ridiculous in 
Father, and that after He had suffered No, not death by napalm, or by the Jesus promised to bring peace and quite a few dopers. pushers and this day and age. The U.S.A. is 
through a kangaroo trial, and an unjust atom bomb, or by chemical warfare, justice to this world, and I believe that peddlers on campus: there is one of the few remaining 
sentence He would be nailed on a cross or by slow starvation, or by polluting He will . But in order to do it He is quite a bit of petty theft and "civilized" countries which 
by His own people and then rise from the air until there is none left to going to have to lamper with man's destruction of University or still lacks adequate legal 
the dead . breathe. These are man's ways of phYSical laws again , like He did when private property existent here. control of personal weapons. 

Then, he continued, after he had death: this is man 's world without He crealed the world. But until then. I Does Mr. Carr realize that This will change as we mature 
spoken and ministered to over 600 God. But then that is what man wants, suppose, man will continue to follow most police are rij!orously as a nation, of course; but now, 
people , he would return to be with His '1 suppose. his own " individual conscience" and trained in the use of weapons surely, academic communities 
Father (God). and the Holy Spirit, Don't Confuse the Two Worlds continue to make war and demonslrate and most students are not? I should lead the way. We must 
which would be fully God and fully Manson, Hitler , Mao, Lt . Calley or against war, and procreate and wou ldn' t trust many of the kids not permit firearms on 
Jesus, would come actually live within whoever else you wish to name or demonstrate against procreation. on this campus with any kind of campus, at all - not in the 
and empower everyone who would blame are all men following their Jesus didn't come to judge this world weapon. They're just too damn hands (or belts. or desks ) of 
commit himself to the belief that Jesus " individual consciences" ; they but to save it. Neither do I judge you. Impulsive and immature! Blacks or whites, students or 
had been sent by God to bring all men weren' t God. Please don 't bring God Jude, or the world 's scientists. You Do we as students need guns fa cui ty m em be r s , 
into a relationship with God. into man 's world ; He's an anomaly have your life to lead until it's over, for self-protection ? From administrators or other staff 

OoIya Moment's Attention there. remember? Humanism will and I'll fol1ow my leader. Jesus, wh at ? The ex i s ti n g personnel, campus police or 
Admitted, no scientist at UCSD, no never bring the world together, wherever He leads me. Who 's your establishment authorities? any other police who come into 

need for any weapons on Sincerely, 
Gianna Oscuro 

Dogs and Cows 

Editor: 
More characterislic of the 

dog than the cow is the 
intelligence to know how to 
handle its own freedom . 

Wm .Johnson 

Naivete 
Editor: 

At first I was shocked by the 
degree of naivete displayfd' by 
Mr. Carr et. al. in their recent 
request for unlimited access to 
student's personal files and 
police records. The thought of 
having an armed student body 
was even less inspiring. But 
now I see the light. 

Who WOUld. after all . 
consider it their right to violate 
personal or confidential files 
other than Professor Douglas. 
K. Keating . J . Sills and Narco's 
on one side. and K. Carr and 
followers on the other? 

Once both groups of pseudo-
intellectuals were informed 
and armed. their "search and 
destroy" instincts would 
activate, resulting in mutual 
destruction . leaving the 
campus to those who wish to 
observe an individual's right to 
to privacy. 

Bary S. Reder 

16a aPack 
Editor : 

1 am a new student at this 
school. In my first quarter here 
I have read many unqualified 
statements in the campus 
papers and have let them pass 
saying. "who really listens to 
this Rag anyway?" All over 
campus I hear of, the shortage 
of monies. yet am constantly 
confronted with the extensive 
system of UCSD which leaves 
it looking like a jewel among 
other colleges. and hardly a 
place of bad association . And in 
all. I agree with many other 
students who have attended 
other schools in saying UCSD 
has a " dreamland " 
atmosphere. 

But I have a question , which 
if looked into might give the 
school newspapers a purpose. 
give this school a bad 
association and deflate the 
"dreamland" atmosphere in a 
zap Why does the campus 
bookstore sell zig-zag papers at 
16 cents a pack? What is the 
bookstore trying to do, make a 
profit off the drug culture? In 
San Diego. where zig-zags and 
~F~~EthlSII·Q · 'F~F~inE ~R~Ji.t ~d.e~pe~n~dJs.u~po~n~m~ffi~W_iL~.~~L~~a~*~r_' ~Jd_d~e~?~~.¥~~~M~.~~;~:~:~a~II~:,t~~~:~~~,~s ~st,:~:~~~:~tf~~?'~:=~' ~~~! 
HEY BROTHeR, WU ())..)T Christmas 
WWT 10 RIP He OFf,,, 

, 

~66 AL-L- POi ITICA~ 
Pf2~s0tJ6RS ,., 

RIGHi O~r 
I 

A~i poweR 
10 We-

\ 

the drug culture have had a 
long and lasting association, 
where an average price is two 
for 12 cents and anti -
marijuanna establishments 
call for the papers being taken 
off the market by state action 
(Speedy 7-11 stores). the UC 
Bookstore makes not only a 
profit. but a dime off th~ drug 
cult. 

To arms 
Scuzz Lawrence A.A. 

Thanks UCSD 
Editor : 

I would like to express my 
appreciation to the students, 
staff and facuity for their 
generous contributions to the 
UCSD Blood Fund, and for the 
support extended by all 
concerned. My personal thanks 
to Charles Chandler and 
fraternity brothers of Alpha 
Phi Omega for handling aU the 
arrangements that made · the 
Blood Drive on the UCSD 
campus a success . 

The need is great and the 
many gestures of human 
kindness shown by the 133 
individuals who were willing to 
donate blood will benefit 
numerous patients. 

Sincerely, 
Mrs. Bea Dunham 

Blood Fund Chairman 

Staff Message 
As a token of the TI" s 

esteemed reputation 
concerning objectivity in the 
traditional liberal spirit (which 
means everyone hates us), the 
entire staff would like to wish 
everyone neither Merry 
Christmas nor Happy 
Hanukkah. but simply a sterile 
objective. -- (fiJI it in 
yourself ). 

Aztec 
Football 
Tonight-5 p.m. 

and 10 p.m. 
Aztecs vs. 

North Texas State 
KCST·39TV 

Tuesday & Thursday 
7:30 p.m. 

Cable 2 and 7 

1J1upitn', La Jolla 
AUTHENTIC 

MEXICAN FOODI 
lUNCH SPECIALS 99' 
try out Homemade 

Tamoles and Chalupas! 
FOOD TO GO 

WE SERVE BEER 
639 Pearl, La Jolla 

To and 'rom Lo. Angel .. , San Francisco, 
Sacramento, San Diego, San JON, Oakland, 
Hollywood-Burbank, Ontario, and Long Beach. 

Sharing any of PSA's 160 daily flights is a gas. And 
with our low air fares, flying PSA isn't a whole lot 
more expensive than hitching. Anyway it's hard 
to get a ride on the runway. So why not stick 
your thumb in the phone instead, and dial us for 
a reservation? __ lISA.,. J'OIIa-

for 
POSTERS 
CANDLES 
INCENSE 
JEWELRY 
HANDCRAFTS 
LEATHER 
STATIONERY 
WALL DECOR 

621 pearl st 
4IS9 

December 3, 1971 Triton Times Page 9 



Dec . 8, Wed. 
Dec. 9, 'Iburs. 
Dec. 10, Fri. 
Dec. 11, Sat. 

Dec . 12, Sun. 
Dec. 13, Mon. 
Dec . 14, Tues. 
Dec . IS, Wed. 
Dec. 16, Thurs. 

Dec. 17, Fri. 
Dec. 18, Sat. 
Dec. 19, Sun. 
Dec. 20, Mon. 
Dec. 21, Tues. 

Dec. 22, Wed. 
Dec . Zl, Thurs. 
Dec . 24, Fri. 
Dec. 25, Sat. 
Dec. 26, Sun. 

Dec. 27, Mon. 
Dec. 28, Tues. 
Dec. 29, Wed. 
Dec . 30, Thurs. 
Dec . 31, Fri. 

High Tide 
Sunrise 6:50 

AM HT. PM HT. 
2:54 U 1:18 4.4 
3:42 4.5 2:42 3.8 
U4 U 4:18 3.4 
5:06 5.1 5:36 3.4 

Sunrise 6:&4 
5:36 5.4 6:42 3.4 
6:06 5.7 7:36 3.6 
6:42 6.0 8:18 3.7 
7: 12 6.3 9:00 3.7 
7:42 6.5 9:30 3.a 

High Tide 
Sunrise 6:57 

AM HT. PM HT. 
8:12 6.6 10:06 3.S 
S:48 6.7 10:42 3.8 
9:24 6.6 11 :24 3.9 

10:00 6.4 
10:42 6.0 

Sunrise 6: 59 
11 :30 5.4 
1:36 U 12.36 4.7 
2:24 4.8 1:&4 4.0 
3:18 5.3 3:42 3.5 
4: 12 5.8 5:24 3.4 

High Tide 
Sunrise 7 :02 

AM HT. PM HT. 
5:06 6.3 6:48 3.6 
5:54 6.8 7:48 3.9 
6:42 7.2 8:36 4.1 
7:30 7.4 9:1S 4.2 
8: 12 7.4 10:00 4.3 

The first 
malt liquor 
good enough 
to be called 
BUDWEISER. 

a"I~Hl\ISER· BUSCH . INC . • ST. lOUIS 

Low Tide 
Sunset 4:59 

AM HT. PM HT. 
7:54 2.9 8:30 0.7 
9:42 7..6 9: 18 1.1 

11 :00 2.1 10:06 1.5 
11:54 1.4 11 :54 1.8 

12 :12 
12 :48 
1:18 

Sunset 4:59 
12 :42 
1:24 

2.2 1:54 
2.3 2:30 
3.3 3:00 

Low Tide 
Sunset 5:01 

O.S 
0.3 
0.2 
0.5 
0.8 

AM HT. PM HT. 
1:54 2.3 3:36 0.9 
2:30 2.3 4:12 1.0 
3:06 2.4 4:48 1.0 
3:42 2.4 5:24 0.8 
4:36 2.5 6:00 0.5 

Sunset 5:03 
5:36 2.5 6:42 0.1 
6:54 2.4 7:30 0.4 
8:30 2.1 8: 18 0.9 

10 :06 1.4 9:18 1.4 
11 : 24 0.5 10: 18 1.8 

Low Tide 
Sunset 5:06 

AM HT. PM HT. 
12 :24 0.3 
1: 18 1.1 

12 18 2.1 2: 06 1.6 
1 12 2.1 2:48 1.8 
2 00 2.0 3:30 1.9 

Page 10 Triton Times December 3, 1971 

The UCSD Rugby ~ub 
prepared for Turkey Day by 
cbalkinc up two victories over 
the Navy Underwater 
Demolition Team of Coronado, 
and Arizona State. 

The Triton II 's, composed 
almost entirely of first·year 
players playing their first 
game together, outfought the 
Navy team to a 3~ win on a 
penalty kick. The lack of 
experience showed on both 
sides, by the lack of knowledge 
of what to do with the ball . Bul 
the play was spirited, with good 
tackling and pursuit. The 
Triton attack was badly 
hamt>el'ed by the narrow field , 
which didn't allow our superior 
backs any room to breakaway. 
Things look very promising for 
all the first year players. 

On Sunday the first team 
went against Arizona State, 
and won 22-14 . . While the 

Ruggers Take Two, 

Both Squads Win 
defense was spotty and the play opposition with an inside pass 
sometime erratic due to the to center Picton, who broke 
lack of conditioning and lack of through and passed to winger 
work as a unit, the overall George Clinton, who pirouetted 
picture was one of offensive 30 yards down the sideline for a 
brilliance due to the fine ball score. The second score came 
handling and running of both when the ball came out to 
the forwards and backs. The Clinto again, who broke for 20 
first score came on an yards and then passed inside to 
outstanding display of ball- roomate Doug Beanan, who 
handling and individual effort outran the defense for his third 
by the backfield . On a split- score of the year . Shortly 
scrum the ball came oul to fly- thereafter Mark Allen picked 
half Sertic, who fooled the up a loose ball and passed to Ed 

Parry, who kicked to wincer 
Paul Liebow, who then put a 
few moves on the opposition 
and went in for the score. Th 
last Triton score was Rick 
O'Toole, who picked up a loose 
ball 20 yards oul, eyed the goal 
line, and dragged three 
tacklers into the end zone. 
Freshman kicker Bill Cates 
converted three of four to 
round out the scoring. 

The Tritons played wide-open 
rugby, which was good to 
watch and fUI! lo play. Next on 
the schedule are Southern 
California, Dec. n, and the All-
Cal 7-Aside Tournament on 
Dec. 18 . Practice for the 
tournament will be held Dec . 4 
at 10 a .m. on the field by the 
gym. After the vacation the 
Tritons will play in the San 
Diego IS's tournament on Jan . 
8, while the second team will 
play the 29 Palms Marines. 

Unfortunately, both teams need to win this game if they have 
any hopes of winning their respective division titles. But, 
nevertheless, the computer did pick a winner. The Chiefs 
should come out on top of John Brodie by about six points. 

Since there won 't be any more papers until January, we 
thought that we'd go out on a limb and predict the outcome of 
the divisional races. 

Well, sports fans, we're back again wi.th some more of.o.ur 
almost-infallible pro-football predictions. Our offiCial 
published record now stands at 9-2-1, but these new predictions 
should change all that. 

In the AFC, Miami should take the East, Cleveland should 
win in what has come to be known as "The Loser's Division, " 
and Oakland should once again Blanda the West In the NFC, 
the resurgent Cowboys will come out on top of Coach Nixon 's 
boys in the East. the Vikings should defend their way to first in 
the Central Division, and the Rams should butt their way to 
victory in the West. In addition, Baltimore should make the 
playoffs along with Detroit. 

ABC-TV must be very considerate of UCSD to put a " good" 
game on TV the night before finals . A token of thanks should go 
to them, and oh yes, Howard. In case you're interested, the ~ig 
game is between lhe San Francisco 49'ers and the Kansas City 
Chiefs (that's the team that the Chargers beat, but we don't 
know how ). It should prove to be a whale of a game. Both 
teams boast great offenses and great defenses, so the outcome 
of the whole game hinges upon the maxim, "whoever plays a 
better game wins." 

But when all is said and done, it all boils down to just one 
hour of football in January in New Orleans. And just who will 
play who during that hour still remains in doubt; but tJ:1e 
infallible computer has decided that this year's Superbowl will 
see the Miami Dolphins (featuring Butch Cassidy and the 
Sundance Kid ) attempting to defend themselves against the 
maces and batUeaxes of Minnesota's rugged Norsemen. We'll 
be back in January with that lorecast. Until then , sit tight, and 
don't drink too much beer. 

STOP! 
Start your Christmas Shopping at the UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE - We have an ideal selection of gifts - for mom 
- dad - sis! 
'Start your Christmas Shopping at the UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE -We have an ideal selection of gifts - for mom -
dad - sis! 

THERE'S NO BETTER GIFT THAN BOOKS -
Bestsellers - Controversials - Humor - Art 

For instance: 
Skinner's Beyond Freedom & DignifyKahlil Gibran Diray -
handsome edition The Source - successor to Whole Earth 
Catalog Angela Davis's - If , They Come In The Morning 
Mark Twain - Diaries of Adam & Eve-

Candles 

OTHER IDEAS 
Sweatshirts T -Shirts Nighties 

Large assortment ART Claendars 

African Hand Carvings 
Fun Mobiles 

Cross Pen Sets Punles 
Imported India Goods 

Merry Christmas· Happy Holidays 
To Alii 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

Polomen Take Third 
At NAIA III Finals 

Last weekend UCSD 
participated in the First 
Annual Backwards NAIA 
District II [ Tournament ever 
held. It was held (and 
coincidentally arranged by ) 
Clairemonl-Harvey MUdd . In 
trying to gain national 
recognition, CHM decided to 
(in spite of protests from every 
coach) hold the finals first and 
work backwards. So in the 
opening round the Tritons met 
Oxy , and the 1971 FABNADT 
title was decided. 

It was, unfortunately, a poor 
decision . As the Tritons 
warmed up , John Hoff stood on 
the sidelines with a bassett 
hound expression and 20 
stitches gained while trying to 
drunkenly carve the Turkey . 
The warm-up had barely 
started to cool when Mr. Pickle 
noticed that his son was sitting 
on the bench , the victim of a 
foul call, playing slightly too 
good a defense, something the 
refs wouldn't stand for . 

At half-time the score was 4-2 
good guys. but then under the 
weight of four more players 
fouling out , a missed open goal 
and two missed penalty shots , 
the roof caved in. The final 
found, for the first time this 
year, UCSD leading in shots 20-
16, but trailing in goals. From 
the field it was 4-3 Tritons. 
Penalty shots truly seem to 
penalize the locals, no matter 
who gets them. The chlorine 
was blamed for the red eyes 
after the game, but it must 
have been a special brand , 

since I've never seen it cause 
runny noses before this trip. 

As all knew, the rest was 
anti-climatic. The locals swam 
through Cal Tech and Pomona 
as though they had fins on. As 
luck would have il, this brought 
the Tritons into a third place 
clash with CHM. who had been 
upset early, and thereby 
screwed by their own system. 
CHM was up and UCSD was 
dejected . so it ~ mounted to an 
even match. And it was even all 
the way down to sudden death. 
Pixie. who under the close 
tutelage of old timer Doug 
Chesire has developed 
admirably this season. got the 
ball and put it in a corner of the 
goal that the goalie never knew 
existed. 

UCSD came home with the 
bronze and the " If I'd only 
done .. . " blues. Perhaps it was 
the most frustrating three wins 
of the year, culminating in a 15-
5 season, the locals losing only 
lo three opponents in 20 games. 

The season is over, so space 
is cul. ClOSing gond-byes to 
Johnny, Lamp and Stillinger ; 
Kudus to Parmer , M. V.P.; 
Johnny and Stoner, All-Tourney 
team : Pickle MV Frosh; and 
thanks to any and all who 
bothered to stop by the pool and 
scream something to the effect 
of "cram it ref". 

So the work was third in the 
closing weekend, a weekend 
with incredible irony to it, 
including a Stoner getting 
drunk, and a Chuck chuckiping 
up at the team party. 

Rick Parmer, cboseD tbe most valuable player for tbe Water 
Polo Team tbls year ShOWD in action. Two Tritolls, Jim Stoner 
and John O'Connell, were cbosen for tbe All Tourney first 
team. Pickerall was chosen ai the most valuable freshmaD 
player, and Mark Liska was cbosen as tbe mClst improved_ 

Basketball Apologie~ 
Mike Roth 

Unfortunately, last Tuesday's issue of the TRITON TIMES 
contained a number of errors concerning the basketball 
schedule. Unknown to me at deadline time, the game scheduled 
with Pacific Christian Tuesday night had been canceled and the 
schedule for La Jolla Classic had been rearranged . The revised 
schedule is as follows : Friday night at 6:30 USlU will battle 
San Francisco State, and following that game at 8:30 the 
Tritons will face Cal State Hayward. Saturday night will 
feature the losers' game at 6: 30 while at 8 :30 will be the 
tourney championship. I hope these errors did not 
inconvenience our many thousands of loyal basketball fans. 

try OlJmpiain the 
easy.open 1,985· oz. can 

If you can stick a fork Into a baked potato, 
you can operate the new Oly Picnic Tap. Just stick the tap in and lock it down. 

No spray, no sweat. And no drawln, foam for half the afternoon. 

Booze revolution due 
BARTON BRANDS, I~~""'""" 's determination to create 

tbeir own life styles is with the traditionaillne-
up of liquor favorites, a researchers have labeled it 
as the "Second Whiskey ~d=:( 

What it amounts to, research just released for 
Baflon's QT, (Quiet T . t domestic lighter-tasting 
whiskey, is a dramali shift awa from bourbon and pirit 
blends to light alcohol' beverage This means that in 1979, 
when young adults out mber older dults for the first time in 
two decades , an his ric change ill take place in the 
marketplace. 

Just what, in fact , l;;:;ii~h ' S swing to milder and 
lighter drinks is unclea source of speculation in 
distillery board rooms. 

"Certainly, It' S easi r to acquire a taste for less potent 
drinks since they ar closer to a eutral flavor ," offered 
Barton vice presiden Jerry Adler." Iso offered as evidence 
is the fact that yo people have mo sl'nsitive taste buds 
than oldsters so are more i rested in liquor 
smoothness ... 

"There 's a g d deal to be said, too, for t e argument that 
young people s m determined to create thei own Ji[e style~, 
substituting th . ... those of theU' 
elders. " 

No one has nge than the 
distillers them eves. hen e eca e of t 1960's opened, 
they could co ortably rely on bourbon an spirit blends to 
command 57 rcent of the market for ha d liquor. 

Then came t Rebellion, or what distillers all the "trend to 
lightness." Wit the arrival of the 1970's, otch, vodka and 
Canadian more an doubled their sales. 

A potent rea n for the change, discove by distillery 
industry resea hers, is a preference fo lighter-tasting, 
milder beverag among young people, and new willingness 
to follow those stes. Once upon a time, the l-to-34-year old 
was known by t industry to be reluctant to periment in his 
choice of alco lie drinks. He'd order fa liar, traditional 
drinks - the rtini , the bourbon-and-ging ale - because 
that was the pr per thing to do. It was not u til he'd reached 
his mid-thirties hat he had enough self<onfi ence to obey his 
own tastes. 

Liberated yo,Jiir;;;;:;1~ •• ~~~ 
that pattern in 

I n-depth inteME~""lniM_Illll'lJel""'f!is . . . 
blended whiski will pay the cost of that n superiority !n 
numbers . Bour ns will lose their long-time les leadership 
position to Scot h and the large blended-whi key market will 
be rurther tbrea ~ed by the other fast-advan ng, light-tasting 
liquors. 

The Only Satisfaction In Lif. 
OUt o(Thy~I(, 
(,n,e ,n Art 

cliufch of Art 
1'.0 . BOX m 

San O it30, 92112 

AMERICA NEEDS 
INDIANS. 

HOMI. Of 1HI '''.VI 

..... INTWO~lOS 
"'~C.T"" ... ""'_ 
....... "',.,........K.-. 

n. .... '"'" ... ttle v ............ ... ... ____ .. _~t ....... -" 
... ." ....................... ...., ..... 
.. -

e, .. eu: 0' THIE ION 
... CohfIl .. 'or ' M 

I'M11ON11 ,.,,~ IoIrtl .. c.n.. 
'hi ..",.. .f .... -w ........ u.--. ... 
... IMIII . Y. "",~ • • t INft it. ctrC_ t,.". 
....... to ch.WhaaI n.. ......... 
c.,.. - ... ' M r" .... fill • ~ tht 
.... cwck .t tM ... _ _ . ... .,"" .. 
.... , --... N t ......... Wf\I """"'" 

TUI(fU AND T .... "'IIAU Of STililtNOTH 

NOW THAT THlIU"AlO"SQOHI 
''''I'Alfl''A«( tWnnt .... IC _ ,-

TH[ .... U.O 0' CIIIOfrfOOT 
rt WMht Owwt MtctNC 

"C,.....'. erewt- .... .,....,1 y ..... 
..... IW ... fMoft .. """"""" .... ·_ • 
.... _ INt ' . _" _ of "- ,..,..', 
........ 

~heWOnderfuIWatHBedaWeekCOntestrrom : 
1111'11 el,lr ••• el'I •••. 

and_,,,lIfdtnlWS fnInt. 
..... ...".is r'A-,,-a-AJD--1I1!M-"...J(\\) 

3121 iiiMi1iii'v iif 2e. 1000 

December 3, 1971 Triton Times Page 11 



• 

legal Aid Benefit Planned 
council for the Biack Panthers, 
wbo bas defended Huey Newton 
and Bobby Seale. 

National Lawyers Guild 
bas announced plans for a 
benefit to raise funds to finance 
a eaal aids office this 
summer. The purpose of the 
office is to provide legal aid 
and advice to demonstrators 
arrested or harassed during the 

Women's 
Caucus 

The first conference of the 
National Women's Polilical 
Caucus for San Diego County is 
being held Saturday, Dec, 11, 
from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. at 
the First United Methodist 
Cburcb in Mission Valley. 

The speaker will be Mary 
Clark of Women's Strike for 
Peace. She will be speaking in 
the morning about 10 a.m. 
Tbere will be a panel 
"MillOl'itiH: Wome. Et. AI" 
representing the interests of 
Black, Chicana and Indian 
women . Discussions will 
include : "political Goals, 
Aims and Methods for San 
Diego N.W.P.C.. .. " Fund 
Raising," and " 1972 Local, 
State and National Elections." 

For more information call: 
George Boilard, 273~ or 
Shirley Reese, 272-3759, or 
Elma Deland 273-9093. 

Republican National 
Convention, which will be held 
bere this coming summer. 

The benefit will feature two 
films. "Stager Lee." with 
Bobby Seale. and "11 o'clock 
News." Featured speaker will 
be Charles Gary, chief trjal 

MakIng Love IS oreat 
MakIng Her Pregnant ISnt. 
Face it. "Be prepared" isn't just for Boy Scouts. 11 you really care 
about your life and hers, you'tl take precautions to prevent an 
accidental pregnancy. By using a condom. One of h>day's new 
condoms .. . so highly reli,ble yet so exquisitely sensitive that you 
no longer have to sacrifice pleasure for ""fety. 
So why run the risk of occidental pregnancy? Especiatly now that 
you can get famous-brand condoms privately-by mait-from Popu-
lation Planning Associates. 
Send for our free itIustrated brochure describing the wide selection 
of condoms we offer. Such as the popular Trojan. The extra-thin 
Prime. The pre-shaped Conture. The Koin · Pack, packaged in handy 
gold foil "coins." And many more. Atl electronically tested to meet 
rigorous FDA specifications. 

SPECIAL 
CHRISTMAS 

OFFER! 

r:-----------Population PI.nninl Aslociates 
105 North Columbia 
Chapel Hill, N.C. 27514 
Gentlemen : Please send me: 
__ Christmas Gift Samplers at $5 
each, pius 50C postage and handl ine. 
I enclose ___ to cover cost. 
I understand that you. will refund my 
money in full if I am not delighted . 
o Free illustra ted brochure only. 

name (pleo\. ~)fI nll 

Iddre .. 

Make Christmas merrier this year 
. .. with our unique Christmas 
sampler containing 13 assorted 
condo ms in a gold foil box 
trimmed with a bright red and 
gold tie. Contains quarter-doze!' 
parkets of the. brands mentioned 
above ... plus one Crest-Skin, 
made of super-sensitive animal 
membrane. For each sampler, 
plus our brochure, send just S5 

state plus :;0., postage and handling. city 
All orders filled the same day re-
reived and shipped first cl .... 
Money back if not delighted! lip S 15 

________ ....,.. __ ::.J 

FILMS 
USI2722 

FRIDAY: FINALS FILM FESTIVAL 
THE MARX IROS: 50t 

' IDUCK MONKEY 
'SOUP BUSINESS 

~ Plus Keaton, Chaplin, Our Gang shorts 
17:30 and 10:45 admission 50' 

'Saturday: 

THE FOX 
DIABOLIQUE 

7 :00 and 10:30 S 1.00 jUeSD Students 
Page 12 Triton Times December 3, 1971 

The benefit will be held 01\ 
Oft' 10, at • p.m. at the San 
Di. Coliseum. Tickets can be 
obtained for II by calling 488-
2828. 

Or-Gro 
ORGANICAllY GROWN NATURAL FOOO 

SAN DIEGO'S NATURAL FOOD MARKET 

R-GIO STRIKES IGII 
PRICES SLASHED 

Naturally-Grown a .. f Prices Slashed 
Granola Cereal Prices Slashed to 
Food Supplements Slashed 

29% 
35clb. 

120/0 to 28% 

ADDED · ,SO barrels of good stuff 
" Come in and have a barrel of fun! 

Tired of rite JUJlk in your , arbG,e market ? Come ru te O~-C;I'O, 

~~:~7945 GARNET, PACIFIC BEACH ~:7 
SAT. 10-6 SAT, 10-6 
SUN . 1-5 'ARKING in REAR SUN. 1·5 

• 
• Success hasn't changed it. 

Capri. Under $2800~ 
Manufacturer's suggested retail price and import surcharge. Excluding 
Dealer prep, if any, State and Local taxes, and local transportation charges 
up to $83. See your Lincoln·Mercury dealer for ~ price. 

~ 
U~l NCOI ~, 

---

Teller Interview • • • ~~~rt,~;;:p~r~~~nof~~ . ~~~ Answers to Both Culture Tests 
and offered hiS hand. He IS In continu~ from page' 

campus. 
"The AAAS matter was more 

serious; such actions have no 
place at a scholarly meeting. 
Margaret Mead , who was in the 
chair. said that if I had 
bodyguards, " it was only 
because he needs them ." When 
I tried to speak this fellow 
came on the platform to give 
me a "Dr. Strangelove award. " 
I told him that I had received 
many awards that I had not 
earned, but this was an award I 
neither earned nor would 
accept and I gave it back to 
him." 

In the 1930's Teller was 
hounded out of Gottingen 
University by the Nazis as a 
Jew. He has sometimes 
compared the Brown Shirts 
that confronted him there to 
such as the Red Tribe. 
17: What similarities, if any, 
do you claim to see between 
current disorders and the past? 
Teller: I have seen the same 
kind of thing, the same sort of 
fanaticism, on the other 
political extreme in pre-Nazi 
Germany. 

Teller is one of the world 's 
leading authorities on the 
possible harnessing of fusion 
enerRV . Manv scientists feel 

~ ~~'~. CAHC;RS : •. ' 
~ lISTEH TO 
KSEA • STEREO 97 

this could iead to a new 
industrial revolution with 
almost unlimited potential 
energy. The TIMES asked 
Teller about progr,ess in this 
field and the general peaceful 
use of the atom : 
Teller : Practical use of fusion 
power is not just around the 
corner . It is very difficult to 
predict these things very 
accurately. We have made 
great advances at Livermore 
and Lawrence, though funding 
shortages have limited us. I 
used to say that we might get 
there by the end of the century, 
but now I think it is only two 
decades away. 

"Something more immediate 
we have been working on is 
called gas activation. As we all 
know. our usable sources of gas 
fuel are being depleted. There 
is more natura l gas in the crust 
but it is impossible to tap with 
present technology. Through 
the use of low-yield nuclear 
devices we can shake up tight 
formations and liberate the gas 
for man's use. This looks very 
promising. 
17: From ' your experience, 
how would you define 
"academic freedom? " 
Teller: "Academic freedom is 
the freedom to learn, and to 
teach, and to eaquire. One must 
be able to enquire after the 
truth at the University without 
emotion or politics of aay kind 
interfel'ing. " 

Teller, who had given the 
interview in the reporter's car 

his early SO's. though his hair is 
still thick and dark. Perhaps B·· h now and publication ) 
his most striking features are r I tiS 11. In cricket, a Chinaman is 
his eyebrows and active , alert • • • a type of ball (pitch) with 
eyes. " I'm off for New York", 1 (a) A difficult or awkward disguised spin, a cut is a 
he said, and walked on to the situation to be)n. certain type of stroke with the 
field . Ib) A, cricketing term bat, and the cover islare a 

CJ t~j ~".. 
:",. 

LA JOLLA 

-PHARMACY 
S,1Ioo1 Supplies 

Cosmetics ~ 
955 Prospect 

• 

denoting the state of the turf, certain area of the field on the 
which renders the bounce and off-side. 
spin of the ball unpredictable. 12. Once again the atlas. We 

2 A knicker is a slang term aren 't quite sure but we think 
for a pound , and a half a that Ireland is one of the 
knicker is seven-sided because British Isles. 
the 50 piece (equals half of a t3 Your guess is as good as 
pound ) is of that shape. mine. 

3 Crisps Chi 4 (a ) Colonel Grippipe- at 0 ·IC 
Thynne (spelling uncertain ) • • • 

(b) Announcer for the Goon 
Show . ( BBC radio 
extravaganza) 

(c) They both have to do 
with the Goon Show. 

5 (a) London. Or more 
specifically he must be born 
within the sound of the Bow 
bells . 

(b) Tyneside 
6 (a ) Sherlock Holmes (and 

of course Dr. Watson) 
(h) The Chancellor of the 

Exchequer 
7 (a) Yes, in Liverpool 

(I) Yes, in London. It is the 
address of the EMI recording 
studios. 

8 (a) Edinburgh 
(b) Cardiff 

9 Consult your local atlas. 
The status of Monmouthshire 
between England and Wales is 
a matter of dispute . 

10 "God save our gracious 
Queen." (Or King if something 
untoward happens between 

(1) c 
(20JA.M.D.G., from the Latin 

words "ad mairoum dei 
gloriam," "toward the greater 
glory of God." The motto of 
Jesuit priests. 

(3) Sundays - the 9th, 8th, 
and 7th before Easter 
respectively. ' 

(4) Thomas Aquinas, late-
blooming scholar of 
Christianity. 

(5) For the benefit of those 
~ot. ta~ght geograpby by nuns, 
It IS In the center of East 
Africa , north of Lake Victoria. 

(6) I don't know. They never 
taul!ht us that. 

• Named "Import Car of the Year" by 
Road Test Magazine. 

• Sold more cars in its first year 
than any import in history. VINCENT 

('7) st. Peter traditIOnally 
asked it of Christ on the Appian 
Way outside Rome. 

(81 Joe.Kuharich, ex-coach of 
the dastardly Philadelphia 
Eagles football team. 

(9) The corporal, a square of 
linen covering the chalice at 
the begi nning of every Mass, 
and itself draped with a cloth of 

varvi~l( color, is always white. 
(10) Charles carroll of 

Carrolllon, brother of John 
Carroll , first American 
archbishop. 

( 11 ) c 

(12) Fishbones stuck in the 
throat. St. Blaise is the patron 
saint of that sort of problem. 

(13) When the consectrated 
Host is removed from between 
the glass windows in the 
center. 

• Standard rail-shift 4-speed or 
optional automat.ic. 

PRICE CHARLES BRONSON . PHYlLIS KIRK 

• Power front disc brakes. 
• Rack and pinion steering. 

. 

• 2-litr.e overhead cam 
4-cylinder engine. 

• Styled steel wheels an'd radial tires. 
• Bucket seats and full carpeting. 

Looking 
For 
Fashion 
Frames 
We have the largest selection 
in San Diego 
. one day service 
(most single vision lenses) 
. Immediate repoir 
small or large 

at Prospect 
454-6119 

December 3,1971 Triton Times Page 13 



ry difficult test 
on British culture 
L What is a sticky wicket! (a ) 

metaphorically -
(b) literally 

2. Why is half a knicker seven-
sided? 

3. If french fries are called 
chips, what are chips called? 

4. (a l Who is the accomplice of 
Count Jim 'Laughing Knees ' 
Moriarty? 
(b) What is the occupation of 
Wallace Greenslade? 
(c ) Why are these questions 
under the same number? 

5. Where does (a) a Cockney 
come from? 
(b) a Geordie' 

6. Whose address is (a) 2218 
Baker Street? 
(b) 11 Downing Street? 

7. Does (a) Penny Lane 
(b) Abbey Road exist? If so 
where? 

8. So you know that the capital 
of England is London. 
Brilliant. Now, what is the 
c.apitalof 
(a ) Scotland 
(b) Wales 

9. Name (a) 3 English counties 
(b) 1 Scottish county 
(c) 1 Welsh county 

BOB DAVIS 
CAMERA SHOP 

STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 FAY 459-7355 

10. What is the first line oC 'God 
Save the Queen'? 

II. What does it mean to cut a 
Chinaman through the 
covers? 

12. Name at least three of the 
British Isles 
BONUS QUESTION :-

13. Are detectives paid by the 
Yard? 

-Submitted by 
Alec Bamford 

Answers 
to 

both tests 
on 

page 13 

Catholic culture test 
(1) Q. John Bosco is : a) The 

Italian inventor oC a well-
known chocolate syrup. 
b) The man who unlocks 
doors for the Pope in the 
Vatican . 
c) The patron saint of 
acrobats. 
d) All of these. 

(2) Q. Whose motto is 
abbreviated A.M.D.G.? 

(3) Q. What are Septuagesima, 
Sexagesim;;: , and 
Quinquagesima? 

(4) Q. Who was " the dumb 
ox "? 
(S) Q. Where is Uganda? 
(6) Q. Where is the Bronx? 
(7) Q. Who asked who, "Quo 

vadi., domiDe?" and where? 
(8) Q. Who said, "The Little 

Sisters of the Poor can rush 
against my defense" ? 

(9) Q. What color is the 
corporal on Easter morning? 

(10 ) Q. Who was the Catholic 
signer of the Declaration of 
Independence, where was he 
from, and who was his 
brother? 

(11) Q. A cistercian is : a) A 
marine mammal which may 
be ea ten on Friday. 
b) A part of the plumbing 
under the Cistine Chapel. 
c) A monk from Citeaux. 
d) none ofthese. 

(12 ) Q What was a common 
health hazard of Catholics in 
the past, normally treated by 
prayers to Saint Blaise? 

(13) Q. When can you see 
through a monstrance? 

Submitted by 
Sean O'Hartwiche, 

S.LO. 

JOHN SEBASIIAN 
with 

HIWAY 
ROBBERY 

FRIDAY, DECEMBER 3 
8:00 P.M. SAl DIEGO STATE/PETERSON GYM 

U(SD Students W / ID 52.50 Altec Center Ticket Offi(f or at the door 
Presented by SDS·AS Cultural Arts Board 

YOU'RE BEING ROBBED 
When you're not a member of the Na-
tional Association of College Students 
The National Associq,tion of College 
Students (a non-p'rotit stud~nt cqn-$umer orga(lilatiori) ha\ another plus 
tor our members ... a Student Co-Op. 
Owned by students , operated by students, supported by 
businessmen, this is YOUR wholesale co-op so SHOP it and g.t an idea 
of what your & 15 membtr1hip will ..... you. Sa.e on o.er 300,000 
items from records and tapes to bicycles to books, a.oilable to you 
from the nations leading manufacture ... 
Some saving examples: 

ITEM RETAIL PRICE YOUR PRICE 
33.95 
22.95 
34.55 

20.09 
16.71 
18.60 

Remington Elec: . Rator 
Kodollnstomatic Camera 
9 pc. Tellon C~kware 
Woodstream Sleeping Bag 

Digital Clock Radio 

Men's 18.50 12.35 
10 spd. Bicycle76.0053.1 0 

17.00 11.90 

For Information Write: 
National Association of College Students 
7911 Herschell Ave. 
San Diego, Co, 92037 

or coli 459·3 705 

Page 14 Triton Times December 3, 1971 

Subculture Test 
Here is a culture quiz for a subculture of universities: film 

buffs. 
1. Why is Preminger a cult director and not John Huston, 

when you can stay awake through Huston's movies and don't 
have to watch the shadow the camera makes on the ground? 

f Explain the metapnysical profundities of (a ) HitchcO"" 's 
"Topaz"; (bl "Brlqiq up Baby;" (c) "I Wa. a Male War 
Bride." 

3. Which of the (ollowing is most illegal to show in 16 mm : 
(a) "To Have aDd to Hold;" (b ) "Dlte Heat;" (e ) 
"Scarface?" 

4. Which of these directors is most politic to praise wildly : 
(a) Alan Dwan ; (b) Claude Chabrol ; (c ) Mizoguchi : (d) Sam 
Peckinpah? . 

S. Explain in 25 words or less why Ingmar Bergman and hiS 
admirers are beneath contempt. 

6. Explain in 25 words or less why Jerry Lewis will lead us 
all . 

7. A "B" movie isn't necessarily of " B" quality. Then why is 
it called a " B" movie? 

8. Explain why "Invasion of the Body Snatchers" expresses 
its esthetic in economical terms. 

9. Why can it actually be better to see a movie on TV? 
There are no answers to any of the questions except no . 9, to 

which one buff had an answer : " Because the commercials 
allow time for critical analysis." N' Lind t 

aoml s rom 

Bail Fund ... 
ContiDued From Page I . 
The center also provides a 24 

hour answering service and one 
Cree consultation with an 
attorney. The cost of this 
service is $10 per person per 
year. The AS negotiated an 
agreement by which the entire 
student body could be covered 
for a nat 10,000 or $2 per 
person. 

The police-student relations 
committee adopted the 
proposals presented by their 
subcommittee in principal. The 
committee decided to wait 
until later to develop the 
proposals for legal aid fully . 
The subcommittee will explore 
ways of funding in the 
meantime. 

The subcommittee on files 
did not present any specific 
recommendations at Tuesday's 
meeting. Reporting on campus 
police files , the subcommittee 
spokesman noted that Chief 
Torrens had received an 
opinion from the university 
counsel that oolice files are 

Department of Literature 

confidential and can not be 
opened Cor inspection by 
persons outside of law 
enforcement agencies. 

In other issues brought 
before the committee it was 
announced that Acting 
Chancellor York is attempting 
to obtain information 
concerning the use of fire anns 
by campus police. The 
committee voted to ask York to 
come to the committee's 
meeting this afternoon and give 
a progress report on what he 
has found out concerning 
whether arrangements can he 
made for the police to operate 
without carrying firearms. It 
was pointed out that a 
university regula tion currently 
requires the police to be armed 
at all times when on duty, but 
there are no state laws 
requiring arms. 

The committee voted to meet 
this afternoon to receive 
York's report. The meeting 
will be at 4:00 p.m. in 
conference room 506 (or 
alternately Conference Room 
A) on Matthews campus. 

The Theatre for the End of Time 
will present: 

ANTlCHRl5T 
Friday I Dec. 10 at 8 pm 

Presented at the Congregational Church 
1216 Cave, La Jolla 

ADMIIIION II Fill 

PACIFIC 
HONDA-TRIUMPH 

HONDA 

COMPLETE SERVICE DEPT. 
MANY USED IN STOCK 

WE BUY, SELL 
CONSIGN & INSURE' 

PACIFIC BEACH 1277 GARNET 
272·5511 

~announcementsl----~""'''''' 
friday 

Concert of New Music by 
graduate performance 
class. ~09 Me. ~ p.m. 

Finals Film Festival : Marx 
Brothers- "Duck Soup" 
and "Monkey Business" 
plus Buster Keaton, OUr 
Gang and Chaplin. USB 2722 
at7:3Oand 10:30. 50¢. 

Lance Belzer will be 
meeting to discuss C.O. 
problems with anyone 
interested. Revelle Formal 
Lounge. 3-5:30 p.m. Coffee 
Hut: Yerba Santa Band. 

saturday 
Chanuka discussion/party. 
7:30 p.m. in Upper Blake. 
JSA. 

Choral Concert- La Jolla 
Civic University Chorus and 
UCSD Women's Chorus. 
Music Gallery, ~08 Me. 8:30 
p.m. 

Saturday Night 
Flicks-"The Fox" and 
"Diabolique". USB 2722 at 7 
and 10.~5 p.m. S1. 

Chilean Night. All UCSD 
community (students 
faculty and staff welcome. 
Chilean entertainment, 
dancing, displays, costumes 
and food. International 
Cenler (Behind Ihe 
bookstore) MC. 5:30 p.m. 
lo? Call ext. 19~1 for more 
info. 

Coffee Hul Entertainment: 
Busco Nezzbit beginning 9 
p.m. 

sunday 
Sunday nighl supper for 50( 
at 5:30 p.m. Several 
students and local citizens 
who are interested in 
Intercultural exchange 
meet on Sundays in various 
homes to talk and eat 
together. Call ext. 1941 
before 5 p.m. Friday for 
more information. 

University Lutheran 
Church: 

8 : 30 a . m . and 5 
p.m.-Roman CatholiC 
mass 

10 :00 a.m.-Lutheran 
"Missa Boss Nova" folk 
mass 

11 :30 a .m. - Ecumenical 
worship celebration 
(resumes Jan. 16) 
La Jolla Civic Symphony 

Orchestra presents Earl 
Wild, pianist, performing 
Concerto for Piano and 
Orchestra by Scharwenka 
as well as works by Franck 
and Revueltas. Sherwood 
Hall, La Jolla. 4 and 8 p.m. 

monday 
"Antichrist" a new play by 
Timothy Gauntley will be 
presented at the University 
Lutheran Church, 9595 La 
Jolla Shores Dr. 8 p.m. 
Free. Call : 453-1727. 

Silent film classics -
Laurel & Hardy's "Two 
Tars" and Charlie Chaplin's 
"The Cure" . Complete 
showing at 8, 9, & 10 p,m. 
Free. Revelle Cafeteria. 
UCSD community welcome. 
Presented by the Revelle 
Guest in Residence 
Committee. 

Russian Club meets in 
Revelle Informal Lounge, 
6:30 p.m. Refreshments and 
a chance to meet the new 
offlcers. 

wednesday 
"Is Institutional 
Christianity Dead?" 
University Lutheran 
Church, 9595 La Jolla 
Shores Dr. 8 p.m. 

thursday 
There will be a meeting of 
all men interested in inter· 
collegiate golf at 4:30 p.m. 
in the gymnasium 
classroom. For info, call 
ext . 227S. 

Problems - Hassled -
come in or call us . Crisis K2, 
24 hours, 8 days a week. 
Apt . K2 at Muir . 453-9321. 
Save your books for the 
book exchange. First week 
of Winter Quarter. Buy or 
sell used books - Save $S . 

Rabbi Penner will not be 
teaching the I'tebraic 
Cultural Traditions Class 
Winter Quarter as is stated 
in the schedule of classes. 
The Hebraic class will be 
taught by Dr . Gerard 
Salinger. 

New course for Winter 
Quarter - Visual Arts 189 
- The Director Series 
Orson Welles and His 
Influence - course code 
2368. This movie course will 
present Orson Welles and 
his metaphorical children. 
The film of the week will be 
shown Wednesday night at 
7. Section meetings: 
Thursday 3·5 p.m. Alan 
Pesin and Duncan Shepherd 
will be teaching . 

advertisentents 
for ourselves 

lassifieds-----------------~ 
Female roommate needed 
for 2 bedrm. ocean view apt. 
in Cardiff. Own room. sao 
mo. Avail. Jan. 1. Call 
mornings 753-0453. Judy. 
(12/3) 

MUSICAL IMPROVISA· 
TlON TAUGHT Guitar, 
Banjo, Sitar. Songwriting, 
Folk, Blues, Indian 
improvising on any 
instrument. Paul Roberts 
755-7~5~ (12/3) 

EUROPE-ISRAEL·EAST 
AFRICA 
One way and round trip 
student flights. Inexpensive 
student camping tours 
throughout West and East 
Europe, Including Russia. 
SOF A Agent for Inter-
European student charter 
flights. 
CONTACT: ISCA, 11687 San 
Vincente Blvd., Suite ~, 
L.A., Calif. 9OIW9 TEL: 
(213) 826-5669 (R) 

Expert motorcycle - repair . 
Save $S & time. Good, 
honest work. SpeCialists on 
Norton, Triumph, 
Husqvarna, Yamaha, 
Honda, Maico. Jim, phone 
anytime, 273 -4052. 
Emergency service. 

XMAS FLIGHTS NY $lSI. 
CHGO Sl29 LONDON S2~9. 
TOK YO 1470. OTHE RS ALL 
YR. CALL 7~2~. (12/3) 

COMPLEX TYPING 
IBM Selectric II 
50 cents per simple page 
TECHNICAL THESES 
RUSSIAN TYPING 
Bruce, 453·5346 
(3110/72) 
Wanted translators French 
to Eng. in biology. 459-2390 
ext. 565 (12/3) 
Jaguar, 1959, 3.~ Classic 
Coupe ~ door. ex. Cond., 
recent $1000 overhaul with 
guarantee. Trade for van, 
camper, chopper or cash. 
Best offer .. ·6691 evenings 
or mornings. (12/3) 
Tired of the dorms? big, 
quiet, private home· S min. 
walk from campus. Need 1 
or 2 housemates, 75/month 
furn . all appliances, yard, 
call us to talk abOut it. 453-
0426. (12/3) 

SURFBOARD: Chan/Diff 
downrall gun, 7'1", like 
new. 510. Jon, 755·9407. 
(12/3) 

Female roommate wanted 
to share 3 bdrm house. 5 
min, from campus . 
S78/mnth. Call 212·1608. 
(1/4) 

I BM Selectric Typing 
Choice of type styles. 
50 cents per usual page. 
Theses slightly higher . 
Draft correspondence free. 
Bruce, ~SJ.5346. (3/10/72) 

PROFESSIONAL DRAFT 
COUNSELING by 
competent UCLA Law 
School grads; four years 
experience. Free Interview. 
239·4080. (1/7) 

Acoustic Research Amp. 
Giving it away at 5125.00. 
Ted Sullivan 453-5269 (12/3) 

ROOMMATES NEEDED 
NOW 75.00/mo. share house 
In Del Mar, quiet 755·3839 
( 12/3) 

EUROPE 1972 
CHARTER FLIGHTS 

SP R I NG- ·SUMME R-F ALL 
SCHEDULES NOW 

AVAILABLE 
Many Flights to Choose 

From 
SAMPLE FARES 

LONDON - S269 roundtrip 
LONDON from SI29 One 

Way 
Low Air Fareon 

Inter-European Flights 
ISRAEL - AFRICA -

ASIA 
International I.D. Card 

Available 
AJtention group Leaders : 

Special flights arrangement 
for small or large groups -
ask for details . For 
Information, Schedules, 
Res.rvatlons CALL OR 
WRITE 
CHARTER FLtGHTS INT. 

99S Market Street, San 
Francisco, Calif. 94103 
Phone (415) 392-8513 
(3/3/72) 

FOR RENT Lg 2 BORM 
HOUSE w/fireplace La 
Jolla S250/ mo incl utilit ies. 
Students ok call 459-9079 
(12/3) 

IS YOUR AUTO SICK O~ 
TIRED? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SERVICE . 
AMERICAN AND 
FOREIGN CARS . 
REPAIRS AND 
POLLUTION 
CONTROL STUDENT 
D)SCOUNT 7748 
HERSCHEL LA JOLLA 
(IN THEREAR ) 459·9181 

Roommate Needed La Jolla 
Shores. Share bedroom. S62 
plus utilities . 459-5706. 
(12/3) 

TYPISTS: Ma. theses, Phd. 
dissert., term papers, etc ., 
RUSHJOBS, 453-6835 (12 / S) 

Female writers wanted, 
free lance. Amateurs or 
professional. Modern short 
stories and articles. Prefer 
those based on personal 
experiences. Write Lydian 
Manor Publishers Inc ., 221 
W 16th ,St. NaHonal City, or 
phone 477-7339 (12/3) 

'61 Pontiac 4 door hrdtop, nu 
paint ~lJod cond., financing 
avail. AC. 453·3002 (12/3) 

67 Fd Van Mich tires bed 
crpt crtns. cmfrtbl & solid & 
11500r best. 488-1951 (12/3) 

9TH ANNUAL JET 
FLIGHTS EUROPE : 
FROM 5229 ROUND·TRIP : 
JAPAN : FROM 5349 
ROUND·TR I P ; CALL 
FLIGHT CHA IRMAN, 281-
6706 bet. 5 or aft . 9: 30. 4248 
Overland, Dept. A, Culver 
City, Ca. 90230. 1/28172 

ROOMMATE NEEDED : 
Encinitas, 2 bdrm furn 
house on beach S68/mo call 
753-3119 (11 / 30 ) 

EUROPE 
ALL YEAR ROUND 
FROM WEST COAST 
Round tr ip from 5220; one 
way from 5125. Fl ights to 
Middle East, Or ient, & 
with in Europe. Phone 714 
833-8060. E.S.EP . 17613 
Queenswreath Way, Irvine, 
C(I . 92664. ESE P members. 
( R ) 

EUROPE, S220-245 round 
tn p. Also Middle East and 
Jlpan . ESEP , 17613 
Queenswreath Way, Irvine, 
Ca If . 9266-4. (714) 833·8060. 

ES~ P·UCSD members. (R) 

DIHINCTIVE'tYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 

Service on schedule. Modest 
Rates. S3tisfaction Is ihe 
end product. Helen. 459-
1128. (R) 

December 3, 1971 Triton Times Page lS 



-..... 0-

c-) 

'''Il ....t....:l~ 
...,.., 0 

'c 
~ 

=
1 oj 
~ .~. 

~ ~Ij 
E 

~ 
2 
"'t 
-

" E 
~ 

~ 

1'\ ~ 

e:t! 
.. ~ c:::» 

>-..... 
:>taw a. ~>= 
:i<c» 
... E-- ... 
... 

----

, 

\ 

..J ---
....,; -

./ 

WfLLIl).~, WE'RE GDNNA BRING-
150.000 of -ouR BOYS HOMiJ 
S",rJTI4A ... ", A+JD W ~ KNOW THAT 

'" 

THOSE J:"lNE V l~TNAM~SE fDlJ(S k,_, ~ 
WI k~ EVENTUAkkY BE- AB~t­
TO)Ll~, HAND~THEJR O~N WAR, 
UH) B~r LET HANOI Bit 
WARNE:D THA-T TH\S lS BY 
NO MEAN~AN IN\JJTA' 
To Sr-} .. " .\ro. .... t\ \::; \ 

_

_ ~__ _ _____ •. ..a~A 

~ 


