
triton ti 
v ... rJ, ..... " U.iv.rsi" .1 ee'il.,.ie, Se .. Diet. 

PRIVATE 
PARKING 

Ofricial address of Campus Studies Institute as listed by 
the Beller Business Bureau is this back alley store-room in 
Pacific Beach. Businessmen in surrounding offices told 

reporter they had seen no one from C I or Loeffler' 
Viewpoint Book in the area for several month . 

Campus Studies Institute - [landestine Organization? 

To Immunize Students 
Against Spring Riot Fever 

(Editor'. Note: Despite the efforts 0/ the TRITON 
TIMES. representatives 0/ the Campus Studies In-
stitute consistently refused to grant Interviews or to 
answer a large number 0/ questions. To insure that the 
Institute was aware 0/ the situation. a registered 
telegram was sent to CSI President Theodore B. 
Loe//ler, urging him to provide in/ormation. Later, 
City Editor Carl Nelburger was able to contact 
Loe//ler by telephone to as'r him to meet with a 
reporter. Loe/fler said ·then that the in/ormation 
supplied the TRITON TIMES In a letter mentioned 
below contained all the in/ormation CSI wished to give 
the TRITON TIMES. 

Copyright 1971 by Fronk Phillips 
TRITON TIMES Stoff Writ.r 

College students throughout the nation have been receiving 
leaflets this year bearing a La Jolla, Cali~rnia post-mark 
and warning about the goals and tactics ci campus radicals. 
The colorful mailings bear the name CamPIlJ Studies In-
stitute as the sender and invite the recilients to write to a 
post office box in San Diego with comments about the ideas 
presented. Students who have inquired about details of the 
organization's operations have usually been sent form letters 
or other colorfulleaOets. Because this orgarization is at-
tEmpting to mold student opinioo througho.- the United 
Slates, the TRITON TIMES has conducted a mooth-long 
nationwide investigaUoo in an effort to reveal the sources d. 

~rt as well as the scope of activities of Campus 9,udies 
Institute. 

CSI conducta several programs which it says are designed 
to combal "anarchistic trenda on the nation's campuses." 
The most ambitious of these programs Us a direct mail 
campaign aimed at college (and more recently high school) 
sludenta. CSI Is allo involved in an atensive biUboard 
canpaign and the production of radio IpOt amouncementa 
cmdel1lning campus lannoil. 

Campus Studies InsUtute hal alIo spoo_ed CIITlpua 
appearances by COMerV8Uves, inducing me at U~ by 
c.tooniat AI Capp. CIpp alIo narralel CSI's raclo an-
nourtI'f'I1lenll. 

Campus Studies Institute claims that their mailings have 
gooe to students at 331 schools in all parts of the United 
States. According to CSI promotional lileraLlI'e the list ci 
schools include Harvard University, Ra!lemmt College in 
Pennsylvania, and the University or Califocrla campus at 
San Diego, Santa Barbara and Irvine. The Il1!Ititute claims to 
have twelve different leaflets which they send to students in a 
series of six to nine em a bi-weekly basis. 

The first leaflets which students receive contains coloc 
pictures of five billboard messages. 9,udents are a*ed to 
wriLe to CSI with their opinions about which message is the 
loost effective. ~e of the pictures shows a Mciotov cocktail 
with a peace symbol around its neck. A captioo reads 
"S-range Bedfellows." Another of the pictures, this one of a 
blazing sun, uks "What if they gave a riot and mbody 
came." Studen ts are told they are being Mked lo vote on lhe 
billboard messages because the Institute is '''attempting to 
detennine their effectiveness in furthering mn-violent at-
titudes on the part of students." 

Anolher of the leaflets which students receive shows a 
picture or a door and asks "What's behind .~ classroom 
door?" This pamphlel "shows that a segment or the faculty is 
the heart of the problem and is responsible for student unresl 
on college campuses today," according to a CSI broctllre 
soliciting funds. The leaflets asks students if their profes!l)rs 
are guilty of various sins including neglecting teaching 
du.ies, politicizing the classroom, assigni~ grades on a 
political basis, and failing to presenl variolB points ci view 
when discussing controversial issues. ~ the IMt page of the 
leaflet are quotes from professors who, according to the 
leaflet, have the "courage and integrity to speak out in times 
of crisis." Included is a quotation by D'. Walter Kohn, a 
physics professor at U~. Kobn told the TRIroN TIMES 
that the quotation which denounces infringements em 
academic freedom is accurate, but he knows nothing aboul 
the Instilute. 

Campus Studies Institute mailings began to appear in 
studenta' mailboxes shorQy after Phillip Abbot Luce, a 
firmer Progre.ive Labor Party activist turned wr~~-wing 
libertarian, gave an interview to the lRrI'Oi TIMES in 
April, 1119. At that Ume Luce said, "\he rilht wUl be heard 
from. You can expect to lee at UCSD and San Ditlo State, 
not only an Inere .. in right wiIIIadivity, but every audent 

at UCSD is going to soon be receiving maili~s concerned 
with the left wing and with the fight Cor democracy 00 this 
campus. It will come frOOt a general source, but Y AF (Young 
Americans for Freedom) is in large part respoosible Cor the 
distribution of this. " Luce is listed as a consultant to CamplII 
Studies Instilute. 

According to the San Diego Better Business Bureau, 
Campus Studies Institute was founded in April of 1ge ~ a 
division of World Research, Inc. of Cohtmblll , Ohio. The San 
Diego based institute has Theodore B. Loeffler listed as its 
president. A San Diego businessman told the TRIroN 
TIMES that he attended a meeting in early 1969 at which a 
program of mailines to college students was discussed. This 
businessman, who asked to remain unidentified said that at 
the lime Loeffler was not involved. He said he did not know 
anything about Loeffler. 

Campus Studies Institute does not include in its litera lure 
infonnation about organizational structll'e am the identity 
ofits officers. It claims to have affiliates involved in cancer 
research and ecological studies. The affiliates, also listed as 
divisions of World Research, Inc., are caned Medical Studies 
Instilute and Ocean Studies Institute. 

Loeffler came to San Diego in 1964 after working for len 
years with a New York publishing company. He became the 
principal officer of an organization called Constructi ve 
Action, Inc. According to Benjamin Epstein, naliooal 
director of the Anti-Defamation League, Constructive Actioo 
was "one of the more aclive, well-financed and energetic 
transmission belts for radical right pr~aganda." According 
to Epstein, Constructive Action, with Loeffler ~ its " moving 
spirit," coocentrated on direct mailing programs aimed at 25 
million Americans. 

Loeffler, who at the lime was weslern director of Young 
Americans for Freedom,left Constructive Action in 1968. He 
then started hill own publishing company caned Viewpoint 
Books. The company, during i~ twu y~1 iwnury, has 
published five short books dealing with conservative topics. 

The 45-year-old Yale University gradua1e maintains hiR 
business address at a back-alJey stocage roOOl in the Plcific 
Beach 'strict of San Diego. His actual business location, 
Wltil this pasl week, was a ute of offices sewral blocks from 

(c..ta.-l_ ,..t 3) 



Muir Girls Involved 
in Auto Accident 

At three A.M. on March 20 
three Muir students were 
involved in a car accident. 
The aceident occurred in 
King City. California. a few 
miles north of Santa Barbara. 

Killed was Kathy O·Reilly. 
a Muir Sophomore. Injured 

were Laurie . Wright. 
presently recovering at 
Kaiser-Permanente in Los 
Angeles. and Sue Berryesa. 
now at Stanford Medical 
Center. Both suffered leg 
injuries. 

We, Have. a Flat--e 

For Dressing YouRight 

"eII_, 1171 trllll n.-, ... 2 

No Financial Aid for Summer Session 
There will be no financial aid available for the summer 

session (including the summer language program) this year. 
according to the Financial Aids Office. 

The only assistance the office can recommend for the 
su :nmer session is a Federally Insured Student Loan. Students 
should receive information on this program through the mail 
sometime this month. and should come to the Financial Aids 
Office with any questions they have about the program. 

There is up to a two month delay in the processing of these 
applications. so interested students should apply soon. 

Fee Deferral Clarified 
The Financial Aids Office reports that student questions 

about fee deferrals indicate widespread misunderstanding 
concernIng the na ture of fee deferrals . 

The fee deferral is granted to people who have applied for aid 
through the normal channels and who have demonstrated 
financial need as determined by the office's standards. It is a 
loan of up to $SO a quarter 1$100 next year) towards student 
fees which is to be repaid in installments starting nine month 
after the student leaves the University. 

Jane Fonda to Talk on Peace Treaty 
Jane Fonda, movie star turned political activist. will make 

two speaking appearances in the San Diego area this Thursday 
afternoon. She will speak in support of the People's Peace 
Treaty along with several other notables in the peace 
novement. Scheduled to speak also are Robert Scheer, former 
editor of Ramparts who recently returned from a visit to 
Indochina ; David Ushen, president of the National Student 
Association, which signed the treaty in Hanoi with a 
Vietnamese Student organization ; Margue Nea l. member of 
the National Free Angela Davis Committee; and 
representatives from other organizations endorsing the treaty. 

The rallies on Thursday will take place at 11 a.m. at the 
Greek Bowl at San Diego State College and at I : 30 at the Patio 
at Mesa College . 

KENT STATE 

WHAT HAPPENED-AND WHY 
ing reactions from adults 
and students across the 
country, and Michener'S 
advice about handling the 
division between American 
lifestyles. One of 38 articles 

Cirele K Se"iee Group to be Reaetivated 
The UCSD Chapter of Circle K. a men's service club 

connected with local Kiwanis groups. will hold an 
organizational luncheon tomorrow at noon in the North Dining 
Hall. . 

The club. which was originally chartered in 1967. will be 
reactivated this quarter under the leadership of Fred Rocker. a 
Revelle junior. The occasionally controversial Dr. Daniel Orr. 
chainnan of the Economics Department is the faculty advisor. 
Mr. Wayne Gray (ex. 1295 of the PlaMing Office and member 
of La Jolla Kiwanis. is also serving as administrative advisor . 

Some projects which are under consideration are campus 
beautification. blood drives. charity fund raisings. and 
scholarship programs for deserving students. 

Saltman is Back 
Paul Saltman. Revelle College provost. has returned from a 

two-week stay at University Hospital. The provost was treated 
for blood clots in his pulmonary arteries; he is still taking 
blood tests. Dr. Saltman returned to work last Monday. 

User Fee Necessary at Health Center 
Birth Control Clinic 

The Planned Parenthood Association of San Diego County 
has decided to withdraw its participation in the birth control 
clinic that has been functioning on Monday evenings at the 
Student Health Center. In answer to the requests of students to 
continue o~ration of this necessary facility, the Student Health 
Service will undertake to maintain the clinic essentially intact 
and will provide all services previously offered. The first clinic 
under this new arrangement was held on Monday evening. 
March 29. 1971. The clinic will continue on Monday evenings 
under the direction of a staff gynecologist. and will provide 
information. gynecological examinations. pap smears, and 
contraceptive materials. all under direct medical and nursing 
supervision designed to provide high quality ca re and careful 
safeguarding of health. 

As no funds are available to maintain such a clinic out of the 
current Student Health Service budget. it will be necessary at 
this time to charge a user fee for these services, as is done at 
similar clinics on the other campuses of the University of 
California . 

Current assessments suggest that a nominal charge 
averaging $2.50 per onth for each participant will allow the 
Health Service to continue operation if sufficient participants 
are enrolled in the program. The fees will not be collected 
monthly. but will be charged according to the services 
rendered at the time of each visit. Students will be billed by the 
University and bills may be paid at the Cashier's Office. No 
money will be collected at the Student Health Center." The 
average cost for a year of service. including examinations. 
laboratory tests. and contraceptive materials , will be 
approximately $30, which is far below the cost of equivalent 
private care. 

At the end of the Spring Quarter, areas essment will be 
made of the ability of the clinic to function at these rates and 
the desire 6n the part of the tudent body to continue pperation. 

Appointments for the Birth Control Clinic may be made 
during the week by calling the Student Health Service at ext. 
1346 between 8 a.m. and 4 p.m. 

,-_It.,.. 
_I & "-ap.utIc: 

WAlERBEDS 
.,;¥ ~ 

AIR FRAMES 
KING $5500 
SIU 
..................... SlMp 

24 HHr S.r,i,e 2tS-1717 

PRECISE INCOME TAX 
Ours is the best! 

Your home or our oHice. 

Pulitzer·prize winner, 
James Michener. recreates 
the tragedy at Kent. In em 
eye-opening book conden· 
sation he reveals, step by 
step, the events that led to 
the fatal shootings. It is all 
here, including the surpris-

T.e Waterhole 
and features in the April...... 4212 
READER'S DIGEST 110-2611 • C+o ...... 

Special attention to &tudenf5 and 
faculty . Guaranteed to .ove you 
money, 81ue Chip Stomp •. Com-
petent. profeHionol. accurate . 

~~~~~====~~~~~==~ 
PSYCHOLOGIST WITH 

AN ADVANCED DEGREE 

TO WORK EVENINGS 
PART-TIME IN 

LA JOLLA PREFER 
ONE WHO LIKES 

If you can drive it, 
we'l insure it 

for leSs. 

PUBLIC SPEAKING 
TO DEVELOPE 

EG PROJECTS. 
EXCELLENT 

COMPENSATION 
459-8297 

No matter what you dr ive - from a conservative Volkswagen to a radi-
cal hot rod - we can save you money on your car insufance . 

College Student Insurance Service has been working with the Auto 
Insurance Industry for 5 years to prove that college students deserve 
lower tates on their car insurance. Now, if you're an Associated Student 
member. you can get Group Discounted Auto InSUflnc. at an average sav· 
ings of 48% in California. Plus, you can continue your coveraee after 
you're out of school. 

For a personal quote, call CSIS today. 

We feel that you shouldn't have to pay more to insure your car than you 
did to buy it. 

5090 College Ave. 
583·9393 

C.S.I.S. We're on your sid •• 

Campus Studies Institute. . . 
(CeatlMed frem PIle 1) 

the listed address. The owner of the ollioe buildi~ said that 
Weffler moved "rather suddenly." He \eft no forwaning 
a«k1ress. 

When conl.cled by the TRITON TIMES, Loeffler refused 
to answer any questions. He said all inCJIires should be 
direcled to his assistant. James W. Lockett. Lockett refused 
to grant an interview but agreed to consider answering 
questions submitted in writing. In refusing to· grant an in-
terview, Lockett explained that' 'Campus S1udies Institute is 
not news according to the policy of our board of trustees _" He 
said that CSI coo siders "people as indivi<ilals, not as a mass 
like newspapers." 

When the TRITON TIMES sent 14 questioos regarling 
CSl's activities to Lockett, he sent a reply refusing to answer 
loost of them because they involved "in-house information." 
All questions relating to financing and use and amount of 
funds were left unanswered. 

When answers were given, they were vague and general. 
For example, Lockett's letter slated, " Mr . Loeffler 's 
background is in sales management and marketing. My 
background is in various journalistic'pursuits and in ranch-
ing." He did not specify their backgrounds further . CSI 
refused to comply with further requests for information from 
the TRITON TIMES. 

'Anything they would do is legitimate. I 
don't know anymore than you but they are 
good people.' 

CSl's promotional material mentions a "major project" 
involving "a study of campus violence and ways to prevent 
recW'rances of campus disruptions and riots at American 
coUeges and universities." In his letter, Lockett said this 
project was "multi-faceted, " but said, "the details of this 
project should not be made available until its completion. 

CSI refused to provide the names of any other officers 
although Lockett said it maintains a paid staff of six, and 
"conlracts for many others as needed." Iilwever. brochwes 
for solicit ing funds list a nwnber of "sponsors and con-
sultants." This list has in the past been caUed a "Board of 
Directors" and "Board of Advisors ." The TRITON TIMES 
contacted as many of the people listed as possible. None of 
them could provide any information about the operations of 
(he organization. 

Dr. William Frei tas. a University of San Diego professor, 
told the TRITON TIMES, "I only came to town a few months 
ago. They asked me to be a sponsor. As I understand it they 
are against violence, and I agree with that so I said I would 
be a sponsor. I don't really know anything else about them." 

One retired Navy ~dmiral w~p is)i$ted as a ~no\1S0~~a4to 
tie reminded of what Campus Studies Institute was before he 
could recall that he was a sponsor. Karl Keating, a UCSD 
stUdent. said he didn't know much about the aelual 
opera tions of CSI but thought that "they are good people." 

Noneof these contacled knew of the existence of a Board of 
Trustees. John L. Buchanan, an advertising executive. said 
he has been "quite active in the organization." Buchanan 
said he is a director (listed as a sponsoc by CSI ), but ad-
mitted that he has never seen any financial records of the 
organization. He said the Loeffler runs the Institute and 
could nol "recall hearing about there being any trustees." 

One of the persons listed as a consultant is a Dr. Richard 
Slelmner of Ohio State University. According to the Beller 
Business Bureau in San Diego, Slelmner is listed as the 
president of Campus Studies Institute's parent organization 
World Research, Inc. CSI consultant Karl Keating said that 
Slelmner is a professor. "I think in political science," at Ohio 
Slate. 

'A segment of the faculty is the heart of the 
problem and is responsible for student 
unrest on college campuses today," 

Slelmner, contacted in Colwnbus, Ohio by telephone, 
refused to answer any questions relating to World Research, 
Inc. He did say that he was at one time a Il"ofessor at Oh io 
Slate University. Asked which department he taught in, he 
replied "mostly legal things." Officials of Ohio State 
University said they had no record of anyone named 
Richard Slemmer teaching there. An official of the Oh io 
State University School of Law said he graduated from there 
"but sure didn't teach anything." Slelmner could nol be 
contacted again but his secretary maintained that he had 
been a "professor at Ohio State Cniversity, but I don 't know 
when." 

The Colwnbus Better Business Bureau said that W or Id 
Research has twice refused to provide any infocmation about 
its activities. Slemmer refused to provide any information 
except to say that "operating divisions of World Research. 
Inc. are Campus Studies Institute, Medical Studies Institute, 
Ocean Studies Institute, and Juristic Science Institute ." 
When asked about the identity of officials of Campus Studies 
Institute Sielmner replied that he didn't "understand the 
question." When asked if CSI had a board of directors he 
replied that he didn't "understand the question." After 
several rephrasings of the questions with the same reply 
SIelmner was asked if he was refusing to answer , His reply 
was that he didn'l "understand the questions so how can (I) 
refuse to answer them." Asked again if he was refusing to 
answer he replied "that 's yow inference." 

Although the San Diego Better Business BII'e&u has Dr. 
Richard Slemmer listed as the president of Wocld Research. 
Inc., he denied it. Slelluner said he is general counsel of the 

organization. He refuled to .y If Loeffler •• actually the 
president of World Research as well as all of the opErating 
divisions. . 

Informalion concerning the activities of Medical S.udies 
Institute and Juristic Science Insti1ute is "unavaila ble" 
according to CSI officials in San Diego and Wocld Research 
in Colwnbus. Campus Studies Institute promotiooal 
literature states that Medical Studies Institute is engaged in 
"research of the human tumor." Slemmer said the activities 
of Medical Studies Institute are taking place in the Midwest 
and California. No infonnation was obtainable about Juristic 
Science Inslitule. 

No governmental or private organizalion connected with 
IT~dical research which was contacted by the TRI'ION 
TIMES had any record of Medical Studies Institute. The 
American Medical Association in Chicago reported that it 
had no record of such an organization. The Public Health 
Service in Washington, D.C. reported they had no record. The 
same was tr ue of the Department of Health, Education, and 
Welfare regional offices in Chicago and San Francisco . 
The American Cancer Society and the National Institute of 

Health reported no record of such an organization. Medic al 
schools at the University of California campuses at Los 
Angeles. San Diego and San Francisco , as well as Stanford 
Universi ty reported no records on Medical Studies Institute. 
A check o! available direc.toriesas well as periodicals listing 
organizations engaged 10 medical research listed no 
organization called Medical Studies Institute. in all of the 
above cases there was no record of Wocld Research, Inc. 
being engaged in medical research activities. 

In a final effort to locate any evidence of the existence of 
MSI, the TRITON TIMES contacted Dr. Robert Watson, a 
San Diego physician who is informally connected with 
Campus Studies Insitutute and has been very active in ultra-
conservative causes . Walson said that "these are a group of 
great people at Campus Studies Institute. Anything they 
would do is legitimate. I don't know anymore than you, but 
they are good people." 

The TRITON TIMES had little better luck in locating 
Ocean Studies ~stilute. Campus Studies Institute says that 
OSI IS engaged 10 research about abalone mariculture. Dr. 
Slelmner in Colwnbus said that the research is taking place 
10 the Pacific Ocean. Scripps Institution of Oceanography in 
La Jolla. the foremost oceanographic facility in the world. 
reported that there are no records of Ocean Studies Institute. 

'Campus Studies Institute is not news ac-
cording to the po/icy of our Boord of 
Trustees ' 

Scripps provided the TRITON TIMES with the name of a 
graduate student in Santa Barbara who is very actively in-
volved wi th research in abalone mariculture. The studen t, 

Trial 7est Spring Quarter ft 

who has requested that he remain unidentified. said Iba rN. 
a year ago he was contacted by 8 Patty Newman about 
becoming a coosultant to Ocean Stu<ies Institute. The 
student said she seemed sincere and he agreed to be a con-
sultant. He has since had writ en contact with Ocean Studies 
Institute president Theodore B. Loeffler. 

Patty Newman is a political writer who has had her books 
published by Loeffler . She lives in Pasadena, Callforria but 
could not be contacted. The graduate student said that 
Newman and Loe81er seem interested in his work but have 
nol provided any infonnalion about any research actuaUy 
being conducted by OSI. The student said his only contact 
with OSI has been that he is listed as a conSUltant , although 
he has received some financial support "but nothing 
significant. " 

The listing of affiliates is one of several promotional items 
used by Campus Institute to encourage financial con-
tributions to the organization. CSI Assistant Lockett, who 
refers to Loefner in promotional materials as "the guiding 
light," says that the average contribution is less than $20. 
According to CSI, money comes from around the world. 
Advertising executive Buchanan said that most of the con-
tributions come from "moms and pops who are fed up with 
what is going 00 at coUeges and universities." 

One of CSI's most widely used claims is that "scientificaUy 
conducted opinion surveys by independant research firms 
prove that CSI mailing program effectively turns student 
opinion away from New Left propaganda." The TRI'ION 
TIMES has obtained through a private source a complete 
breakdown of the only swvey actually done. An analysis of 
tha t survey indicated that lillle basis exists for the Institute 's 
claims. 

In a request for contributions sent during the middle of 
uno, CSI claimed that the survey involved mailings to 11,000 
students at San Diego State College. CSI says that there was 
a control group of 6,000 persons who did nol receive the 
mailings. 

Actually only 800 students were sent questionaires before 
and after they received the mailings. An additional 800 
queslionaires were sent to "controls" who did not receive the 
mailings. The claims of success rely on the response of 522 
people before they received the mailings. 437 after they 
received the mailings. and 493 "controls " who did not receive 
mailings. 

CSI's claim that their program " iITUnunizes students 
against New Left propaganda " is based on the results of only 
,hree of a total of ten questions asked. Sluden ts were judged 
to be "immune" if they agreed with the statements that the 
"new left believes that the enti re American system ... o~ht to 
be destroyed j the New left has offered no rational alternative 
to the existing political and economic systems of this coun-
ryj the New Left is doing little to di rectly aid the nation's 

(Continued on page 5) 

~. , - f 

Council on Undergrad Affairs 
Planning T ea(her Evaluation 

Robert Miller 
StaffWriler 

An opportunity for the 
undergraduate at UCS D to 
participate in a program 
aimed at teacher and course 
improvement is in the offing. 

A teacher eval uation 
questionnaire has been 
formulated by a specia l ub-
commitlee of the Council on 
Undergraduate Affairs . A 
trial run of the questionnaires 
on a li mited ba is is 
scheduled for pring quarter. 
A campu -wide el'alua tion is 
planned next Fall. 

The question have been 
divided up into four parate 
categories : geoeral. lecture-
discussion. laboratorv and 
seminar-t ut orial. . Thi 
technique wa u ed in order 
to obta in a re pon e from the 
student in both general and 
specifi c areas. said Mui r 
Provo t John Stewart. the 
chairma n of th e sub-
committee dealing with 
teacher eva luation. 

Th sub-committee hope 
to receive the major part 01 
it operating funds from a 
recent $19.000 grant received 
from the UC Regent to be 
used for improvement 01 
undergraduate education. 
According to Dr. tewarl. the 
money will be needed lor the 
Spring pilot pr ogram . 
analy is of th pilot program 
and th campu -wid running 
of the program planned for 
the Fall. 

UC Pr esident Hitc h 
tre sed the University's 

growing commitment to 
undergraduate education in a 
recent statement. part of 
which read. ".The University 
of Cali fo rnia ha another 
great responsibility : it mu t 
meet the ed ucational needs of 
able undergraduate tudents . 
Here the Universitv as a 
whole i not doing as Ivell as it 
cou ld or hould be doing. The 
University now needs to give 
renewed atlention to the 
quality of its programs for 
undergraduates. There must 
be determined effort 
throughout the Univer ity to 
live up to Ihis commitment 
through a variet~· of po ltive 
actions ... 

Information ought 
What i being ought 

through the questionnaire is 
information that can be u ed 
to facilitate improvement ot 
teach r performance and 
course content explained Dr 
Stewart. ccording to Dr. 
Mort Shaevltz. a committ 
member and the head 01 
Cou n lI i ng and 
Psychological Services at 
UCSD. the questionnaires are 
aimed at "com ing up with 
this institution's defin ition of 
what a good teacher is." 

Six guideline defining the 
information being sought 
aft r with the u of th 
qu ti onnair e we r e 
e tabli hed by the sub-
committee. These guideline 

are : 
- Is there a clear contract : 

doe the in tructor make clear 
goa ls. conditions. and subject 
treatment. 

-What does the in tructor 
know and how much does he 
teach? 
-How elfectll'ely does the 

instructor communicate? 
-How meaningful is the 

instructor evaluation of 
student performance? 

-How good i cour e 
organization and 
interpretallon? 

- What is the instructor's 
turn-on potential ? 
1 characterized bl' Saltman as 
LSD- Iearnmg - stimulation 
deployment l 

The guidelines were use<. 
in developing the 
que tiona ire Before 
distributing the questionairs 
for the pilot program. the sub-
committee hopes to have 
approximately on hundred 
student I'olunteers rcad the 
que lions for clarIty. 

The e guideline II' re u I'd 
i n developing the 
q uestio nnaire . Before 
distributing the que tionnalre 
for the pilot program. the ub-
committee hope to have 
approximately one hundred 
student ,volunteer read the 
questions fo r clari ty. 

Ea ch que t lo nn a ire i 
planned to be only a i n~le 
sh et I ncluded will be the 
gen ral ' que tions and one of 
three ub-dlVI Ion of que tion 

on specific types of courses. All 
of the students will answer the 
general question . In addition. 
each tudent will answer the 
que tions trom the one sub-
division applicable to the 
course that he i evaluating. 

Information Gathered From 
Different Areas , 

The ub-committee also 
decided to ask the 
partiCipating students to 
include their names on the 
que tionnalre . Thi will be 
done for at lea t the pilot 
program said Dr tewart. He 
explained that thiS wa being 
done to " correlate the quality 
of the student with hi 
re ponse . Dr tewan 
empha ized that Individual 
name will onl\" be used bl' 
the people evaluating thO 
que tlonnalres and the name 
Will not be seen bv the 
profe r . 

Plans were made by the 
ub-commillee to circulate 

the text of the pilot 
que tionnalre to the enUre 
fa ulty and to publi h It in the 
TRITOI TIME for th 

student~ The ub-committe 
decided to publish the pilot 
qu tion; a an effort to 
inform tile U 0 COmmunllv 
con rnin the prOjlr ·1 
the teac her evaluation 
program and t the plan that 
th ub-commlttee has rrm :l~ 
in regard to publication of 
the qu t10nnaire r ult 
said Dr. Stewart 

.. ell lI, 1.71 Tr .... n..s '-Ie J 



MDRap 

It Ain't Hay 
V. Robert Allen, MD 

QIe": Wllat cu 1111 aIIeat llay fey .. ? 
MlweI': Hay fever, wbich reallv doean't have 
much to do with either bay or fever, is what is 
mown medially as allergic rhinitis, an in-
fIalmnaUon ri the inside of your noee caued by a 
special sensitivity to certain subetances in the 
air_ 

The tendency to develop allergic rhilitis is 
inherited, and Ibout 54J,of the population suffers 
from the sneezing; stuffed or rlUllling nose; red, 
itchy, and watery eyes; and throat "tickle" 
which are so characteristic of this con-
dition-like a cold that never quits. Unlike the 
cumnon cold, however, allergic rhinitis is not 
due to a virus infection and doesn't cause fever, 
aches and pains, or severe sore throat. 

Hay fever is more annoying than life· 
threatening, but complications can and do OCCII'. 
Hay fever victims get upper respiratory tract 
nections more often, and they may devel~ 
chronic sinusitis (inflamation of one of the sinus 
cavities) or nasal polyps (growths on the lin~ 
of the nose) . About 3OCJ,of children with hay fever 
go on to devel~ bronchial astluna. 

If you're a hay fever sufferer, you probably 
lInew all that already, as well as the fact that the 
COImnonest offending substances (allergens) are 
pollen and airborne seeds, mold spores, animal 
dander (skin scales), and dust. What yoo may 
not know is IIow all this happens. 

Sensitivity occurs when the lining of the nose 
comeS in contact with an allergen and develops 
antibodies (defensive substances). Ot~ that 
happens, every time your nose tissues encolUlter 
the allergen, the antibodies attached to them 
react 10 il. In fact, they over react, call1ing 
dilatation of blood vessels, increased secretion, 
aM the release of a powerful defensive chemical 
called histamine. What is basically a defense 
mechanism results in a state of misery. (Tlis is 
noIhing new ; world governments have had the 
same problem.) 

Now, at last, maybe I can answer your 

question. The beat way for you t.o control hay 
fever is to avoid the oIending allergen, if you 
can. Sometimes that's easy. You can always kick 

~he poodle off your bed, for eump1e. But if 
pollen or dust is your problem, then you ban got 
a problem. 

I suppose you could join an anti«mogy 
ITllVement. No more planl&--nO more pollen. 
About the only way to avoid dust, however, is to 
change planets. U you can't escape from your 
allergen, at least try to avoid heavy con· 
centrations. Pass up roUing in the grass "r a 
waLer mattress. You might enjoy it more, 
anyway. 

If your symptoms aren't bad, you may get a lot 
of relief from antihistamines. You'D have to 
depeOO on a doctor to find out which one or 
ccmbination works best for you. Avoid self· 
medication. You can get int.o a lot of trouble that 
way. 

The only other way to control hay fever, and 
well Worth it if the symptoms are severe enough, 
is to Wldergo desensitizatiOlL Assuming the f1. 
fending allergens have been identified, it is 
possible for a doctor to make up a graded series 
of injections starting with an extremely minute 
amOWlt of material . You get one or more of these 
injections weekly and your tolerance to the 
allergens is gradually built up. After a while, you 
will probably be able to stand a lot of expalure to 
the offenders without reaction. Sometimes a 
person becomes permanently desensitized . 
OOler times, the injections may have to be 
repeated annually. 

There is no quick cure for hay fever. I'd 
suggest caution before you invest in every new 
patent medicine that gets advertised. The 
symptoms can be controlled, however, wilh 
medical help. 

Questions for MD Rap may be dropped in the bol: 
at the Studeut Health Ceater. 

triton tilUes 
Editor.in:Chier .. Haywood Gammon 
Cily Editor ........ Carl Neihurger 
Managing Edilor . .. ... Mike Klayer 
Copy Editor ....... Chuck Graham 
Bu iness Manager . ... . .. J err Fried 
Editorial Direclor .. Raoul Contreras 
Associate City Editor ... Owen Jovner 

. MolI~ el'in 
Arts Edilor ......... Tern Barak 
Sporls Edilor ....... Rock y' Halfon 
Photography Editor . ... John Zaller 

New. Deparlmenl Conlribut.rl 
ROM! De Co,to . St'" Londo";'" 
Rod Lorang Jim Sill, 
Robert Miller Arts Department 
John Zoller Tom Beer 
Ed 80yle Joy O;llette 
Juliano Cinque lorry Johnwn 
80bbie Fink Sa'gun Tont 
Bruce Morden Ken Sornes 
F,ank Phillip. Co"ie Rickey 
Cliff Po" Arti.t. 

Matt Hinton 
Allv.rti.;", 
Department 
Mark Trilling 
Susan Cad., 
Molly Sal.in 

Secretarial SlaH 
Ste .. Cohen Kathy Ru.1 Sarah McKenna 

flGrbola Simon Allan Stl<ula Sheila Calhoun 
Jeff Glaham Goo,"e Sazani Copy Departm.nt 
Oon Greene • Mike Robert. A .. ' , Mana,in, Ed . Debbie Montgome,.,. 
Paul Tt,ssier Joe Ea.t'ln Olena Schroet .. 
Ranc,8r.ece Co my Shalick 

'raduClion 
Doy. Buchbinder 

The TIlTON TIMES i. oHiciolly locognized and .upported a. a student ne.'poper by the Communication. 8o0rd 
~f ~ U.i .. rlity of Califolnia . San Diego. Building 250. Marthe •• Compu., Lo Jolla . California 92037. Publication 
.. tw,c • . ~"kly on Tut"'oy. and Fliday •. Office. 0 .. located in room 117. Bloke Hall. on 'he Re.ell. Compu,. For 
Ad .. r'",.g pho •• ~S3 ·2000 . Xl 0 17; 'or .d i' ol ial 01 new, phone Xl016. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
CSI Out to 
Smear 

Dear Editor: 
I, as well as you and other 

studenLs, have been receiving a 
series of brochures, ques-
tionaires and flyers from the 
"Campus SLudies Institute," 
which UslS only a post office box 
(N9355) in San Diego. 

The lhrust of thE information 
and opinion conta::ned in these 
missiles is that the University is 
being victimized by "far-left 
coercion and terro;o\sm" of both 
professors and stLdents.· 

What concerns l'te about this 
propaganda cam,,)81gn is il:i 
subtlety and apparent pro-
fessionalism . The ~r.in~f.truth 
ITllLhod is used b 'illiantly, the 
language is COl cerned and 
loocieraLe, the publi ations are 
slick. 

Having lived through several 
smear cam paigns from both the 
right and the left, however , it 
seems clear to me that this is 
exactly what "Campus Studies 
Institute" is up to. I'd Ute to 
know more about this group, 
and I SlIIpect that many other 

.. ell., 1971 T' .... n..s hie 4 

studenls would as well . Who are 
Lhey? Where do they get their 
mmey? To whom are they 
connected? WhaL is their real 
line? 

CreaLive and aggressive 
journalism could provide a vital 
service to the University 
cOlmnunity by leUing us know 
who these people really are. 

Sincerely, 
Richard H. Brown 

·P.S. Quote is from "What's Be-
hind Your Classroom Door," 
lheir latest, enclosed. 

Non-violence 
Dear Sir : 
. Although it no longer seems 

fashionable to espouse 
pacifism, I am interested in 
for ming a group dedicated to 
non·violent action, and perhaps 
10 a very limited extent, 
discussion of non-violence. I 
therefore ask that those who 
might be inLerested in this to 
drop by my office at 1539 m.. ( or 
leave a note ). I am interested In 
a variety of non-violent, non-
ideological protests, such as 

letters of support to protestant 
Russian Jews to creative 
proLests against the US 
mili La ry . 

George Scbedler 
Pb~osophy Dept. 

Concert At 
UCSD 
Dear Sirs: 

This year the Associated Stu· 
dents have presented some very 
fine music. The first concert of 
Leon Russell, Hot Tuna, and 
Pink Floyd was well received, 
t!nugh a fmancial failure. Soz 
Scaggs seemed to have gone 
right bolh ways. The lnajor 
concert was John B. Sebastian. 
TIle audience enjoyed itself, 
Sebaslian enjoyed himself, and 
lhe school lost a few thousand 
dollars. And there was the 
Johnny Olis Show which was the 
besL concert this year . 

The main reason Jolmny Otis 
was a success was because It 
was open to all. Johnny Otis did 
not charge an outrageous price 
so the school did not lose its 
usual few Lhousand dollars. 
Everyone was pleased with the 

TIlt opi ........ .,.,....., on ...... ..-. are tho .. 0' .... autho .. w ...... 110_ appear i. the bytineo alld do oal Mal' 
IDrily reflect the .... of .... TJITON TIMES. Anyone cMiri!w.lla wboNI _ial to be publithed on ............ should 
...... it 10 .... Editorial 0 .... TilTON TIMES, 117 Blab Halt. UCSO. 

Diddo, Diddo, You Little Star 
Jim Sills 

The time for the student AS election is rolling Diddo's thoughts for IICITII! enllghtenmert. 
around again, and a host of candidates IteIll We learn in a front page TRITON TIMES story 
likely to contest for the office of AssIciated !.hat Diddo and her friends on the Muir Council 
Students' President. The choice ia wide, but if I led the fighl for more bicycle ramps. Also, Diddo 
were a beUing man (I'm not, but if I were), I favors more ~ry and flowers for the 
lIIIOuld put my money on Diddo <lark t.o wil. canpus. Additionally, Diddo favors convertq 

"Diddo who?", you say? Surely you remem· partofcampuslandintoatrailerpark.Speakq 
ber,thegirlwunderldndoftheMuir College Con· of the four-tnenber MuIr Council (wlKh iI· 
spiracy which swept the Muir CoDege CoWlcil cudes Diddo and her brother Steve) Diddo says 
elections last year. The continual chOd of con- iL is, "the single most dynamicgroupf1audenls 
Lroversy,rwnoredtobeafactorintheupheavals on campus." Which certainly says somethq 
at Muir Conege, a brooding presence on the front about UCSD, or bicycle ramps, or both. 
page of the TRITON TIMES, sU~ together a OIDOO'S VIEW ~ alANCELLOR 
heliocentric alliance of disciples for the suc· In a letter to the 11UTON TIMES, Dddo 
cessful conswnmation of her IOlemn task. (.'CInes out for Herbert York for (permanent) 

All of which raises a question. Just what II chancellor. As authorities, Diddo cites the 
Diddo Clark's "solemn task." What does she opinions of Herbert Marcuse ("York is probabO' 
plan to accomplish at the reins of the student the best chan~llor we'll ever have.") and Pro-
government? The same campus savants who fessor James Arnold who is quoted III lallClq 
predicL Miss aa,,'s accession to the Highest York for being an effective enemy f1 "the 
OOice, are at a loss to defUie the "Diddo <lark lTilitary eslabllslunent." Does this mean tmt 
program," her philosophy, or if you will, her Diddo feels a candidate's opinions on IIItional 
stand on the issues. One school of informed politics should be a prime factor in his selection 
opinion on the subject holds that Diddo is lOme- as chancellor? 
thing new, a political phenomenon who tran- Finally, in an opinion piece for the TIMES, 
sceods mere politics with a positive and enthu- Diddo reviews the various triumphs of the Mw-
siaSLic approach to problems. This schom !nlds Council, and describes thaI body as, "incredibly 
that Diddo is primarily non-polilical. dynamic." "Dynamic,"there's that word again, 

DIDDO POIJTICAL twice used by Diddo to describe herself and her 
AnoLher school, however, considers Diddo friends. What, eucUy, does "dynamic" mean? 

supremely poUtical, and resourceful. It is said Webster instructs us that dynamic is something, 
that Diddo's running mate will be none other "relating to energy or physical force in motion." 
Lhan one carmen Navarez. Carmen Navarez Indeed, Miss Cark and her allies are ex· 
happens 10 be the present incumbent as ecltor.m· pel1lling vast amounts of energy .. d are cer-
chief of THIRD WORLD, the ethnic jOll'nal tainly in motion. But in motion toward what? 
which finds Fidel Castro suspiciously con- Toward an era of sensible reform, or toward a 
servative. On the other hand, we are told Miss chaotic period of experimentation dictated by 
(lark has ellpressed approval of many of the the philosophical precepts of Tlllrd Wcrld? 
criLicisms leveled at Third College by Sociology Toward intelligent relations with others in the 
profesB?r !K. Jack Douglas (notably with regard academic cOlmnunity, or towards schooJ..girlish 
lb . mSSllns pr?Cedure). Doug~ IS .a lfa~ 1 1 !hidling lip to shy origin 61'power and inBuen~ . 
adVISOr to t~e Muir College CoWl~.ll ls further Toward a new sense of official responsibility, or 
held Lhat ~s Clark means to ~Ulg abott great toward a childish preoccupalion with the process 
changes '" the current poliCies of the AS of obtaining the visible symbols of power behirxl 
government .. Yet, on those few occasions this names like "The Muir College Conspiracy?" 
year when Didclo has taken a seat (Jl the AS Therefore Miss Clark I (and I suspect the 
Council as Muir C:ollege rep~e~ntative, she has student tmYI am asking you to s~ forward and 
regularly voted WIth the maJority that has ruled declaim your views. Try to make it Mlmething 
AS government all year. . . loore controversial than bicycle ramps and 

Faced WIth such contradictory evidence, one Lrai ler parks, but by all means let us hear of your 
nalurally flees to the written public record of ideas in this space. Soon. 

concert (except for a minority 
faction of the campus). 

The purpose of this letter is a 
requesl for another concert. We 
have seen rock, folk , rhythm 
and blues, and classical music 
(Michael Lorimer). There has 
been no Jazz Lhis year. Jazz is 
one of the most beautiful art 
forlns which eriginated from 
this cOWltry. There are aboul 
four jazz a1bwns in the Ubrary 
and no class in jazz, though the 
Music Department is one of the 
tql in the nation for modern 
music. 

To begin, I'd like to see a jazz 
concert this coming quarter. 
There are men such as Sun Ra, 
Pharoah Sanders, Ornelle Cole-
man, Archie Shepp and many 
others who are the Originators 
of the New Black Music that are 
locked out of lhe public. Anyone 
of Lhese men would make an 
exciting night of music. 

I am willing to help out in any 
way I am able. 

Robert Yamamoto 

Reply To CSI 
DearCampal StucliellD8titute, 

I received recenlly another of 
your pamphlets through the 
post, and once again I would 
Uke to protest at this incursion 
into the privacy of my a part ~ 
menlo I have been to the post 
office at Del Mar Lo ask that 
they arrange thal I should no 
longer receive such material, 
offensive both to my intelli-

gence, and my moral sense. I 
was told that this could not be 
done except in the case of 
maLerial of a sexual nature, and 
ttrus I have no legal recourse 
against what I consider to be a 
source of potential corruption to 
Lhe innocent youth of this 
country. 

In England, where I come 
from, there is, I think, a law 
against the dissemination of 
propaganda likely to "deprave 
and corrupt," and it is unfor· 
1 III ate that such a situation does 
nOL exiSI here. I need not add 
Lha t I do not feel myself in need 
of prolection, but I am sure that 
lhere are lnany students at the 
universilY who will, in all in-
nocence see this latest paper as 
a "carte blanche" to disrupt 
their classes, and the orderly 
!'unning of this institution of 
greaL academic renown. 
Realising that this might be 
your aim, while hoping that it is 
nOL, I cannot but reply in such 
indignant tenns to your cam· 
paign. 

YOUR, 
U. J.Eqei 

SCHEDULED 
AIRLINE 

A 

EUROPE 
C~lriIP 

JIiI~11 $229 ROUNDTRIP 
BOEING 707 

STUDENTS 'STAFF'FACULTY 
~-----------. Phon. 155-6253 
.... , ... 8rent Baker .. . 
.0 .... .1605 ...... tWay .. . 
C"y ........ DeI Mar ....... ' 

Campus Studies Institute. . . 
(CMI DeU .... ,..e II 

poor and disadvanlaged." The other even questions in the 
survey, all dealing with student attiduea t.owani capitolillm 
are ignored in the computation of l'HIIb. ' 

CSI claims that the S\l'vey shows 52 percent ri the sllllfllts 
were "lUICeptabie to New Left propaganda" before the 
survey. Only 36 percent were reported _ IlllCepUlbIe after 
the IUrvey. To obtain the "~ore" result., CSlaveraged the 
percent of studenla who disagreed with or were IDldecided 
about' the three ",ealions. U this sane method of com. 
ptiation is UIIed on the "after" results, 44 percent of the 

Contributions come from 'moms and pops 
who are fed up with what is going on at 
colleges .. .' 

students would be clasaified as "suscepti bIe" after the 
mailings. 

'n1e claim that the surfty was "Independent" may not be 
entirely accurate. Campus Studies sponlOr John Buchanan 
conducted the survey as an employee of Barnes~amp 
Advertising Agency. 

Campus Studies Institute has concentrated Us fund railing 
efforts on trying to obtain contributions frorn businessmen. 
()Ie of alI's mailings to potential contribltors ~ with the 
following statement, boldly \lllderlined: 
"Have you any doubt what today's you~ radicals have iI 
lTind for you?" This statement is followed by quotations 
calling for the overthrow of American capitalism. Loeffler 
warns that the statements, which are attributed to lOS 
lnembers, are not the "words or tactics of the innocen l" The 
recipient of the leUer is then urged to send in his dollars to 
help support the CSI mailing program. 

Alt~h the Institute refuses to make plillic information 
concernmg expenditures, they do include in their 
promotional material the information tbat it costs $1.65 to 
send the complete series of six leaflets to one student. 
Potential contributors are told that a $1,000 donation will 
deliver a series of six mailings to aJ6students. 

The TRITON TIMES has had contact wilh geveral 
prominenL businessmen who in the past have either con· 

~buted or were asked to contribute to Campus Studies In· 
SlJtute, but who now are dissatisfied with the methods of the 
organizalion. These businessmen, all of whom requested that 
they not be indentified to avoid "business embarrassment," 

apreaed uneue aboul1beodore toeller'l unwilling •• t.o 
provide any infonnaUon aboutapeadltlll' • .seftral aid thaI 
they requelted lOme seneral information about the use ri 
holds but the requeIIIs were denied wit!nut esplana lion. 

In o~de~ to .lOlicit flUIds within the city f1 San Dego, an 
orgamzation IS required t.o have a IOlicilation pennil A 
spokesman for the San Dego Police Depa-tment tmd the 
TRITON TIMES that no such pennit had been issued to CSI 
or any of its affiliates and added, "U an orgarnation called 
Campus Studies Institute has been soliciting funds wiUIn the 
city f1 San Diego they have been doing it illegally." 

In a recent fwJd raising letter dated Feb. 28 and marked 
"confi.den.tia~" . all president Loeffler said that the 
org~tl?,n.1S Ul deep ~cial trouble. Loeffler warm that 
the sprmg riot season" IS approaching. He said that ."at this 
roost crucial time, very WlelpeCtediy, contributions to 
support Campus Studies Institute have fallen below the level 
we had anticipated. Lea than half the needed flDlds are in 
hlIIId to comple~ the urgent work already started." Loetfler 
makes no mention of the amount ri fwlds needed or what 
"the urgent work already started" involves. 

In t~t letter, Loemer makes a special appeal for flUlds to 
buy Jj)J~ard space. A confidential infonnant who ha9 had 
cmnectlOns with the Pacific Outdoor Advertising Company 
reported to the TRITON TIMES that the company donates 
CSI's billboard ~ce. Mrs. Pat Welch of Pacific Outdoor 
conflIl.ned that some space is donated bu t refused to say how 
much IS donated and how much is paid for. 

CSI refused to release any information on its finances to 
Lhe TRITON TIMES , stating that it keeps all financial 

CSI program has 'reached hundreds of 
thousands of students with remarkable 
results. I 

records confidential. The TRITON TIMES was Wlable to 
obtain reliable infonnation regarding CSI 's economic state 
or practices. 

Lockett told the TRITON TIMES that the "principal long 
range goal of Campus Studies Institute is the continued 
development of infonnation that can be utilized in the 
enhancement of an atmosphere conducive to free academic 
irquiry .. " Among the new projects of the Institute is a major 
SYl~poslwn on conservatism in America to be sponsored 
Aprll26 al UCSD. The main participant in the program will 
be conservative colwnrust William F. Buckley, Jr. 

In a letter to contributors, CSI president Loeffler wrote 

that the ma~ program is designed to accom.nsb "II' 
goals: 

1. Education with facts not usually presented on campus. 
2. Ilmnunization against the arguments of the New Left. 
3. Recruitment and organization of good students in to an 

educational counter force. 
40 Studen t initiated educalion and information in 

programs which put the New Left on the defensive." 
.Loeffler writes that the success of the program in San 

Diego has prompted the Institute to ellpand nationwide. The 
CSI program has, according to their promolionals, "reached 
hlUldreds ri thousands of students with remarkable results " 

CSI official Lockett told the TRITON TIMES there is ''n~t 
!nuch use in writing a story about the Institute because it just 
llIl 't news." 

Liberty Lobby Expresses 
Opposition to Viewtnom War 

WASHINGTON, D.C. (CPS) - To the astonishment of 
~veral members of the House Armed Services Committee, the 
Liberty Lobby. a g.roup associated with extreme right-wing 
causes, expressed Its unequivocal opposi tion to the war in 
Indochina recently. 

Liberty Lobby spokesman Warren S. Richardson told a 
surprised .Rep. Richard Ichord (D. Mo.). " we have taken that 
posItion since the beginning of the intervention there- going 
back to .our founding in 1955. We are opposed to Moscow 
co:n~umsm and not Vietnamese communism. We are draining 
the lifeblood of our nation in Indochina." 

Richardson appeared before the House committee to urge it 
t? eKtend l~e current draft law. Ironically his testimony placed 
his . group In agreement on the war with Showdown, a draft 
resisters group. 

Richardson said. "We are fighting wars of agression in 
foreign lands which are not in the national intereSl...The 
important thing to be learned is that young men raised in the 
American heritage have no zest for fighting wars of aggression 
on foreign soil. " 

If 
yeo w. iootor" .... io _tlf ., .... 

we..4. ,_ r. 
.,..d ... ~_". .... w .... 

~_fitsfw," 

~--------------------------~ 
No phone calls 

Stop in and see J .... 

?AC~r~C 
YAMAKA GREEK COFFEE HOUSE 

H.W OYer Thrll A'Rll 4 Stu4etm 51 .50 (ext. Set. En.) 1Sfil I" •• t ." 
acific a...cll .11-1555 

"THE KNACK GREE" AND BAL"EN DANCING f' ~ FRIDAY J\ND.SATlJRB.U' AT B P.M. 
DINNER FROM 6 PM. Three moc:Iern youth. compete with diHering .lactia 

GOURMET SHISH·KABOB, STUFFED EGGPLANT 
TURKISH COFFEE 

to .. duce a naive girl in thi. fr .... winging comedy 
$2.50. Tu ... . w ..... Thur .• Sun. E.... $2 .00. Sun. MOh. 
$3.00. " I .. Sot. h... SI .50, S.u . • hlU ,011." Enht"'Mil. .... Sat. h • . 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

GROUP LECTURES ON GREEK MUSIC, 
COSTUMES, INSTRUMENTS A.ND DA.NCES 

KAF ANA ZORBA 
cassius carter centre 

stage· PAYS DONORS 
for services 

acljacon. 10 old ,lobo thootre 
balboa park Tues. thru Sat. 6970 EL CAJON BLVD (NEAR COLLEGE AVE) 

291·1578 CLOSED MONDAYS 
phone 

233 - 8328 

QUICK CURE FOR TAX HEADACHES 
Nothing's more useless at tax time than finally sell. they 've lived virtually 
a stack of rent r.eceipts . Yet most renters "Free". (To say nothing of the fact that 
don't realize how easy it is to own a new they've lived better : more space 
home and how big a tax advantage amenities and freedom.) , 
comes with ownership. ~ere's how it could work for you. Let's 
Pacific Soledad homeowners get nearly :;ay you pay $175 a month.··That's $21 t OOO 
1/ 3 of their total payments back as a tax m the next 10 years . But if you buy at 
dollar gain· ... year after year! And look Pacific Soledad ($35,950 on a 3O-year 
at these other advantages. Their F~A l?8n) your principal and interest 
payments (unlike rent) neve go up. deductions would provide a tax dollar 
They build equity in their home. They gain of $10,500 during those same years. 
(not their landlord) enjoy steadily rising A!td you'd have $4,380 in equity plus a 
real estate appr.eci~bon. All together, pIece of property probably more 
many homeowners fmd that when they valuable than when you bought it. 

JOINT PURCHASE-ANOTHER WAY TO TAME THE TAX BITE 
It's als~p!actical for two singles to buy a and the model; or call Bob Waybourn, 
home ,Jomtly. Each person receives project manager at 272·3968. 
$5,250 m tax dollar gam, and their ef- PACIFIC SOLEDAD 
fective ~~nthly pay~en~ is onl~ $102. 2459 Beryl Street 
ADd ~e JOI~t purchase Isn t complicated. An Activity of the U. . Financia' Group 
Vesting of htle, buy and sell agreements, 'Assuming 3$'.(, tax bracket. 
etc. ~an be tailored to your desires and "On the a~erage~ $175 per month rents a 650 sq. ft. 
best mterests. apartment'" a high density building, one uncovered 
For the details showing exactly what the 
tax difference between renting and 
buying can mean to you, visit Pacific 
Soledad today .. off 1·5 at Garnet, west to 
Soledad Mt. Rd., then north to Randall 

I1III'klng space and no view. U you can affor this you 
CL) probably afford a Pacific Soledad home with 3 
bedrooms" 2-1/ 2 baths, 1675 eq. tt ~ If"'" ..... " carpe~, fenced, landscaped, two fireplaces, self: 
cleanlDg double oven! range, dishwasher, patio, 

~conr, cable TV, :x:ar garll8c and a great Mission Bay 
Vrew. 



··'.....---~O-S-S-,-B-,-L,-T=-=,=-=E=-=S~------:----r-~ 
Spirit and War 

On Saturday, April 3 at 1.he 
SIll Diego Splrls Arena, ERIC 
BURDON " WAR will appear in 
casual concert with SPIRIT at 
8:00 p.m. 

ERIC BURDON is not a new-
comer to San Diego, but he now 
has anew grou~WAR. Burdon 
says, "We heard the group, and 
knew that they had one of the 
greatest, tightest sounds we'd 
ever experienced." 

Today ERIC BURDON &: 
WAR have fonned their own 
company and recorded two 
popular albwns: "Eric Burdon 
Declares War" and "The Black 
Man's Burdon." The com· 
bination of talented Eric 
Burdon and his band WAR is 
sure to please the audiences. 

SPIRIT, well known for its 
IUlique blend of jazz, country 
and rock, interprets for its 
audiences the music of yester-
day , today and tomorrow. The 
group, formed in June, 1967; is 
now lnade up of four talented 
musicians: Ed Cassidy, drwns j 
Randy California, lead guitar 
and vocalSj Mark Christopher 
Andes, bass and vocals and 
John Locke, piano. Randy says 
the group's music is "a reflec-
tion of emotion ... our form of 
cOlTununication and love with 
the universe." All four mem-
pers have great stage presense 

-- and a sense of timing that in-
tensifies every note and rhythm 
pattern. SPIRIT will, as 
always, prove to be an en-
joyable group to watch. 

Tickets are $4.75 in advance 
and $5 .00 at the door , and are 
available at all Sneaker Inns, 

Bill Gamble's Mens Stores, 
Cenlral Ticket Agencies and 1.he 
Splrl3 Arena Box Office (224-
4176). 

Chamber Music 
Students of UCSD Music 

Lecturer Robert Turner will 
present a concert of Austrian 
and German piano and 
chamber music at 7:30 p.m .. 
Sunday, April 4. 

The concer t, in honor of the 
recent dedication of UCSD's 
Central University Library, is 
sponsored by the Department 
of Music . It is free and open 
to the public and will be held 
in 2250 Humanities and Social 
Sciences Building, Muir 
College. 

The program will begin 
with Mozart's piano sonata in 
D major, K 284 , played by 
Allen Burke, 17-year-old 
pianist from Arcadia . Burke 
is a two-time winner of the 
Vera Barstow award of the 
Coleman chamber music 
competition. and winner of 
the Pasadena Fine Arts Club 
award . He has performed as 
soloist with several 
orchestras. and appeared in 
recital in Switzerland last 
summer. 

In addition to his studies 
with Turner. Burke has 
worked with Rosina Lhevinne 
a t Aspen. and performed in 
the UCLA master cIa of 
Vitya Vronsky and Victor 
Babin. 

The sonata in D major i 
one of Mozart's large-scale 
compositions. and the final 
movement i often cited a 
the master's finest work in 
variation form . 

Symphony Tickets 
Free 

The U~D Music Department 
occasionally receives free 
tickels to the San Diego Sym· 
phony concerls. They are avail· 
able to the campus conumUlity 
on a first come-first served 
basis, from the Music Office at 
4f11 MC. Anyone who would like 
tickets should contact !he Music 
Office during the week of the 
concert he wishes to attend. 

Body Movements 
BODY MOVEMENTS pre-

sents the work of three artists, 
Mlwry Baden, Olris Burden 
and Bruce Nawnan, who are 
concerned with an area of art 
designed to make people more 
highly conscious of the aware-
ness potential of their own 
bodies. While the artist has 
always stimulated awareness 
through the sense of vision , 
lhese ar tists invite the partici-
pan t in their works to become 
aware of olher senses as well. 

" In this exhibition, there is 
nothing to 'see' in the conven-
tional sense," says the musewn 
Assistant Director, Uiwrence 
Urrutia, who assembled the 
show. "All the works presented 
are achieved through the use of 
devices by which the partici-
pan:, if he desires, can arrive at 
an expanded knowledge of how 
his senses work, through ex· 
ploring and/ or testing them in 
a specific situation. Observers 
can view kinetic work in which 
the hwnan body becomes an 
integral par t of the piece." 

Mowry Baden's three exhibits 

cmsist of long bells, the ends of 
which are ool1.ed Lo 1.he gallery's 
floor. The participllnt can put on 
the belt and move, but !he 
dis tance he can cover is 
governed by its length. ~ch 
piece is attached Lo !he floor 10 a 
different fashion, and this regu-
lates the type and degree of 1.he 
pwlicipant's activity at 1.he 
perimeter of the circle. 

Chris Burden is a young ar-
tist, currently completing his 
M.F.A. requirements at UC Ir· 
vine. He also creales works in 
which the primary sources of 
infonnation are non-visual. All 
of his pieces have a built·in level 
of achievement, requiring the 
par ticipan t to use them in a 
certain way. For example, one 
of Burden's pieces requires two 
people to stand on a low bar 
and leaning back, balance each oth~r by means of a flexible 
handgrip, which each ooe holds . 
In attempting to do this, one 
learns not only about his own 
physical determinants but , 
through his dependence upon 
his partner at the other end of 
the fu\crwn, experiences the 
necessity of placing his trust in 
ano ther individual. Burden will 
be represented by five works in 
BODY MOVEMENTS. each of 
which poses a different physical 
problem. 

In the piece he has created for 
the BODY MOVEMENTS 
exhibition, the artist incor· 
porates many of these elements 
into a multi-sensory experience. 
It consists of a corridor, 40 feet 
long and 12 inches wide. The 
par ticipant musl go through 
sideways, experiencing physi-
cal contact with the wall at all 
points. The interior of the corri-

THIS MOVIE IS SO pdWERFUL BECAUSE 
IT SHOWS WHAT REALLY HAPPENED 
YOU FEEL THE TREMENDOUS IMPACT WHEN YOU WATCH PEOPLE 
CAUGHT IN AN EVENT GONE COMPLETELY OUT OF CONTROL. 
ITIS ALL HERE. 300,000 PEOPLE WHO CAME TO ALTAMONT, 
CALIFORNIA, THE ROLLING STONES, THE JEFFERSON 
AIRPLANE, TINA TURNEF, THE HELL'S ANGELS. SOMEONE 
WROTE IN ESQUIRE MAGAZINE, 'THERE ARE SOME THINGS WHICH 

• AREN1T TRUE, EVEN IF THEY DID HAPPEN, ALTAMONT IS 
LIKE THAT. ' 

ULOUS ENTERTAINMENT' 
. NEW 

"ell., 1.71 lrllw 1 __ r .... 

Chris Burden, ODe of the partldpaUng artists In tile BODY 
MOVEMENTS show at tbe La Jolla Museum of Coatemporary 
Art demonstrates ODe of his works with the aid of aD assistant. 
Visitors to the ellhlbltioD may observe otbers using tile pieces or 
p!!'ticlpate themselves. 

dor is lit with bright green, f1or· 
escent light , which appears to 
change Lo dazzling white after 
several seconds_ VVhen the 
participant emerges at the 
corridor's further end mto 
everyday light, co lors appear 
on a spectrwn of pink to purple. 

In the museum's Garden 
Gallery, a comple tely different 
lype of exhibition is featured. A 
365-piece SKY CALENDAR by 
Salvatore Pecoraro will cover 
the wall in a mural-like effecL. 

Pecoraro took color slides of 
lhe sky, at different tirn~s of 
day and from varying locallons, 
each day of 1970. He then chose 
one slide to represent each day 
and reproduced it in a one-foot· 
square painting. The result is an 
upward-looking docwnentary of 
the year just passed. 

A public gallery tour of the 
exhibitions will be conducted by 
the museum's Curator of 
Education, RDnald K. Enholm, 
at 2 p.m., Sunday, March 28. 

Th at's how many times PSA connects San Diego with los An-
geles. Hollywood-Burbank. Ontario. long Beach. Oakland . San 
Francisco. Sacramenlo. and San Jose. With lowest air fares. 
Meet your campus rep halfway. Or your travel agen\. Or f'SA. 

PSApes ,au a 11ft. 

SPEC I -A L 
BUY 

PANTYHOSE 

S 1.69 VALUE 
NOW 
.77 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 
~~~~~~~~-.~.-~~-.~.~ ~~~~ 

Copcert Reyiew 
"Maybe I'm Amued," both of which were recorded live for the " 
lIMn). S AN DI EG 0 RO CK L I VE S ." Fortunately, the groql, while neglectilg their abwn (racb (they did only .e track from their first a1bwn with the present 
line..." and nothing from their iIlustrio .. pas. before. ~ 

Ken Barnes 
Arts Writer 

Within !he faml1lar cooflJle8 of the Sporta Arena on Thursday, 
March 18, San Diego was privileged to witness yet .. other- reQ 
concert. No ordinary concert wu tlis, however-, but an experi· 
lTIental all·BritiJh Louring packqe, designed to live money for 
both the promoters and the audience (which I IUppase it did, at 
leest relatively speaking) . 

The three British acts featured wer-e the Grease Band (a 
survivor or two of Joe Cocker's backi~ grwp ci the arne 
name leavened with a bit of Spooky Tooth), Savoy Brown (the 
weU.known blues band completely reorganized save for fOWl· 
der-guitarlat Kim Simmonds), and the Faces (no looger SmaD, 
lhanks), with Rod the Mod Stewart hancling the vocal ch(l'es . 

And ... a surprise, in !he form of a blolae named Jerry s<l'fte· 
thing-or-other, who opened 1.he show with some unimpressi.ve 
blues and embarrassingly imbecilic raps. Great to have hm 
alllard. The Grease Band followed him, .. d played a truncated 
sel consisting of three fairly driving but undistinctive rodt 
numbers and one rather dire reworking ci "The Banad of Jesse 
James;" !hey !hen departed, looking none too excited about the 
performance (understandable, considering their brevi~y and .the 
fac t that this was about the 20th slop of the tour) . A dlS8PPOlDt. 
lnent, more or less, but it would be unfair to judge them by such 
a brief showcasing of their abilities. 

It seemed Savoy Brown's plane was late, S) for a special treat 
Jerry the BlueSlnan carne back on for an even more noxious and 
seemingly intenninable sel. After this interlude, even Savoy 
Brown seemed tolerable. Their new incarnation is definitely 

•••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• 

SATURDAY 
APRIL 17th, 8 P.M. 

THE 
COMMITTEE 

Sf UCSD $2 AU OTHfRS 
TICKETS AVAILABLE ATTHE 

UREY HAll BOX OFFICE 

Tired of the "Big e" 
and the "New Q"? 
Try the "Little 0" e 

'l{PEO 
~ 

Radio 910 
HYou'll appreciate the DIfference." 

TIRED OF 
COMMUTER 
DRUDGERY? 

*DRIVING 
*PARKING 
*HITCHING 

*POLLUTING 

THE COAST CRUISER 
IS COMING!!!! 

DEL ~1i\R.SOLi\Ni\ BEt\CH 
COM~IUTER BUS 

'ATCH FOR DETAIL IN 
THE EXT TRITON TIME 

iJierior Lo the band of their "golden" days, wi th colorful vocalist and RDn Wood joined up), oolstered their rEper- IolJ'e With 
Olris Youlden, and they were certainly no bargain even then. several selectims from Rod Stewart's two solo LP's ("Yw're 
Now, while Klm Simmonds' guitar is fine, the material is slone- My Girl," "Gasoline Alley," "It's An Over- . N~~' etc.) ~nd 
draggy bluesbuckets; !he other inar\l1lentalists .e quin· some eXLraneous material, like the TemptatullS n n Los~ 
tessentially unexciting, and the new vocalist, thw~ strong. You" and Robert Johnson's "Love in Vain ," made famous by 
voiced, is one of the most unconvincing bluES belters yet Lo S\I'· the Stones. The last.fW1led tune was exquisite, perhaps ~ 
face-be tries hard Lo prove to the audience that he 's "got the vocal high point of the concert, and the Faces' perfonn .. ce UI 
bkies," as he put it, but it's aU a bit ludicrous. The gI'<ql 's most general was exceUent. 
fanous nwnber, the "Savoy Brown Boogie" ( to distinguish it The group abounded in stage presence (or an~ics); .colorfuUy 
from the Canned Heat extravaganza), which was the only attired, they pranced all over the stage at various tim~, and 
faniliar nwnber they performed, was considerably rearranged, Rod Stewart slung mike stands about, wandered behUld the 
and emerged much the worse for wearj but it was basicaUy the amps, and did more mugging than a score of thugs in Central 
high point of the set. Park. And the music was just fine, too, sparked by Ian 

Savoy Brown has no albwn out with !he c\l'rent personnel, MacLagan 's sparkling keyboards, Kenny Jones ' tasteful 
though their performance indicates that a forthCOming LP won't drwnming, and RDn Wood's evocative guitar and bot~eneck 
reach any notable heights of artistry. The Grease Band's set work (although his solos were a bit lengthy and weanng at 
was too short to suggest anything in particular about their just· times, this being the group's major musical fault ~ gene:al). 
released albwn, which is hopefully better_ The Faces, however- , Rod Stewart is one of the very best singers around, With a uruque 
JISt came ou t with a new albwn a month refore the concert, and raspy voice that can infuse a hard-rocker with incredible excite-
promptly proceded to play almost nothing from it (they did two ITEnt or handle a ballad with the utmost semitivity. 
songs from the LP, called Long Player,and an album well worth The Faces are one of the most exciting bands to hit our shores 
your while and wherewithal, featuring a beautiful ballad in recenlly, and more than made up for the lackluster portions of 
"Sweet Lady Mary," an irresistable rocker called " Had Me A the concert w~ch preceded their set. Next time they come 
Real Good Time," and more solidly likable material, including around, they will be hugej hopefu!ly, they'll also be even bet-
the two they did in concert, "Feel So Good," and McCartney's ter--that should really be something Lo see. 

r------------------------------------------------~ 
I Dick and Jane I I and Spot and Puff ! 
I I 

! are alive and well... ! 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I ·1 
I I 
I I 
I I 
I I I \ I 

. , 'I' I 

Rlmember how you I.arn.d 10 .. ad? Jane said. "See Spot 
and Puff." Mother said. " Run, Jane." Run. Dick. Run and 
help Sally." . 

You leorned 10 read by ,.ading oul loud, right? You've 
kicked the habit by now. But your mind hasn't . You r mind 
Is still In the habit of whlspering •• .,y single word ... 
slowly ... boringly. 

Your mind is capabl. of la~ i ng "snapshols." Wouldn't It 
be fantasti c if you could somehow take snapshots of whol. 
$Inl.nclI ... or even whol. poragrophs? You con. We can 
train your eyes to read as fast as your mind thinks. And 
this is nol skimming. Vou rtad ond und.rslond .... y word. 
R.od Ihrough I.xl materials al 50- 75 paglS on hour . It takes 
eight weeks to complete our reading course. By then you'll 
be studying ~ext books In 50 to 75 pages an hour. You'I.1 be 
devouring complet e novels In 45 to 60 minutes. MagaZines 
tn 20. Newspapers in 10. without the use of mac hInes. 

D •• , lop 10-15% b.llor comprehension. otontywillyour 
speed accelerate. but also your comprehension of all 
materials you read. The whole object of Applied Learning 
Center is speed with comprehension. 

• 

At ItoSI tripl. your reading ral., or we'll refund your 
lu ilion. We make this promise because many people feel 
they don't have the potential to increase their reading 
rate. Our experience proves different. Most con triple 
their present rate. Over 98% of our students have. 

Prol.ssionol I.och.,. who ho •• loughl for a minimum 
of 1 y"ors . Our instructors will help you develop your 
reading and study skills to new and exciting heights. They 
are experienced professionals in every sense ... wtth 
parti cular emphasis on reading and comprehension. 

Who will ben.fil from Ih is program? Just about anyone 
who reads ... the student. the housewife. the business or 
professlonal man... all can discover a new world of 
knowledge because you'll be readtng so much faster . 
- - - - - - - - - COUPON - - - - - -

Special Introductory Offer 
Good through April 15. 1971 only 

Present this coupon at Applied Learnlng Cellter for a 
$25.00 discount on our reading cours . 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I 

I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

I Applied Learning Center I 
I We make reading a snap I-
L 2.09 FOURTH AVENUE • SAN OIEGO . CALIFORNIA 9ZI01 • PHONE 233 .. 7775 FOR INFORMATION ABOUT CLASSES. I --------------------------------~ '-------------------_...... -----------------

.. ell JI, 1971 TriM n..s,.,. 7 



TUESDAY, 
March 30 

FOLK DANClNG-8-IO:30 p.m., 
304 ~C, Scandinavian dancing, 
teaching from 8-9 :30, 25 

COFFEE HUT-9·12 p.m., 
Hollywood Cowboys FOLK DANClNG- 8-IO:30 p.m., 304 MC, Scandinavian danci"g, 

teaching from 8-9: 30, 25 Cents. BOOK EXCHANGE - Blake 
Hall , 10-4 p.m., Buy, sell, save 
FILM-noon, 2622 USB, " Flow 
Visualization" 

COFFEE HUT- 9-12 p.m., Films, 
Flash Gordon, Cartoons, Feature 

THURSDAY, 
April I WEDNESDAY 

March 31 BOOK EXCHANGE- I0-4 p.m., 
Blake Hall 

BOOK EXCHANGE- I0-4 p.m., 
Blake Hall 
MECHA MEETING- 7 p.m., 11th 
floor lounge, Muir Dorms ' 

FOLK DANClNG- 8-12 p.m., old 
Cluster Library, MC, teaching 
from 8-9 :30. 25 Cents 

MEETI NGS - 12 :30 p. m . , 
Fishbowl , Muir Commons, 
meeting with John Wood for 
anyone interested in starting a 
yearbook for next year 

COFFEE HUT- 9-12 p.m .. King 
Biscuit 

FRIDAY, 
April 2 

7 p.m., Mandeville Suite, Sigma COFFEE HUT- 9-12 p.m .. Sam Hinton with Mime by Don 
Mcleod Society organizational meeting 

• • • • • • • • • 
• 

• • • • • • • • • 
• 
• • 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

attache cases 
reg.$6.25 

NOW $4.49 
wi rebounds 
20'0 she.ts 
five subject 

college. ru led 
re g. $1.29 

NOW.79 

UNIVERSITY 
BOOKSTORE 

• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 
• 

• • 
• ••••••••••••••••• 

~nnouncement 
WESTERN STATE UNIVERSITY 

COLLEGE OF LAW 
announces 

the start of new classes 
at its campus in 

SaN DIEGO 
now accepting men and women 
who have a minimum of either: 

• 2 ~eo,. 01 occ.p'oble college 
credits (60), Of or. 

• 0'1.,23 and hoy. oHained int.n. ctvol 
obUity the eqvivo'-n' of above 
(to be d.t.,mined by test) 

Th. ll .• . Hlr •• (Of'll 1M earned in 4 pan of part-time cia .... , 
3 do ... , H' ••• It, 3 hou,. per cloll. 

INROLL NOW FOR 
S 'PTEMBER 9th CLASSES 

lief" DI, 1.4 fr •• I., CI ..... ) 
writ • • , , ..... f., 1 ....... , 1_ e .. e.,._ .. 

Front and "e" Str •• ts 
(opposit. the Law Library) 

San Di.go 
232-6506 

The clog,.. of LL • Of J.O ";11 be c.m.rred _po_ ,,""_oti .. 
I ......... 4._ "",,,0'" of .... C.llege of Low. 0,....1., 
........ chOfl .. of .he Stole of CO~IOf .... "'''''_ot" 0f0 
• •• "_ , •• aIt ..... Col""' ... S,ot. 10. lao ...... , ... 

"PlOYID '01 YITIIAIIS 

SPECIAL COURSE-6 : ~9: 30 
p.m., Mission Bay High, Rm. 216, 
2485 Grand Ave. PB. " How Does sa-
Communism Change A People " 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Deadline for Muir Students in 

Muir Provost Office for 
Dartmouth College Exchange 
Program for Fall Quarter is 
Wednesday, March 31. 

Tune your heads into KSDT for 
far·reaching sounds-jazz, rock. 
country, special programs, 
information on school 
happenings. ! 

Applications are now being 
taken for the September, 1971 
semester program in vocational 
nursing. Interested persons 
should contact the special 
programs admissions clerk , 
phone 279-2300 ext. 215 to take the 
aptitude test which will be given 
in April. 

APPLICATIONS 
ARE AVAILABLE 

FOR POSITIONS' ON 
NEXT YEARS 

TRITON TIMES. 
THEY MAY BE PICKED UP 

IN THE TRITON TIMES OFFICE 
BLAKE HALL 

REVELLE CAMPUS 

This Week at The 

Coffee Hut 
TUESDAY-
THE HOLLYWOOD COWBOYS 

9-12 pm 

WEDNESDAY-
FILMS,FLASH GORDEN 
CARTOONS, FEATURE 

STARTS AT 9 pm 

THURSDAY-
SAM HINTON PLUS 

MIME BY DON McLEOD 
9-12 pm 

FRIDAY-
KING BISCUIT 

9 -12 pm 

SATURDAY-

MARK - PH~hN KELSEY 
ELECtRIC 

9-12 pm 

CLASSIFIEDS 
For Sal. 

WATER BEDS Ir.nllUlcent 
Gu.ruteed to Infinity. wide 
selection, IU,.. .nd III .. : 
,'X7' King Ille 134.50. I' round 
161.50. Cell 222·'175 .fter 5 p.m. 

1412) 
1 .. Selllki x~, %$I «. Exeel.leat 
Cad. ~ZIII. ext. 1551. ZU-M37 
eveaiap. 
(3 •• ) 
A BETTER BEDI King Ille 
w.ter bed. $55.00. The W.te" 
Hole, 4212 EI Celon Blvd., 210-
2611 . (R) 

SUMMER STUDY ABROAD .. , 
UNITS CHICO STATE 
COLLEGE CREDIT. PRO· 
GRAMS IN ASIA, AFRICA, 
IRELAND, ITALY, MEXICO, 
YUGOSLAVIA; FROM 1454. 
CONTACT DAN BEQUETTE, 
SAC 105 CHICO STATE 
COLLEGE , CHICO CALIF., 
'''26. (3/30) 

P.r.onal. 
STUDIO APT. SHORES, 
AVAILABLE FOR GRAD STU· 
DENT ON LEASE PHONE 454-

HARPSICHORD 
PLETE) 

(INCOM· 7"1 

1 MANUEL S700 CALL 75~5471 
AFTER 5 PM (4,2) 

............... 

CLAVICORD SlOO CALL 75~ 

Me Ie students pertl full time, 53 
hr. plus scholarship. Cell 224-
2164. (R) 

5471 AFTER 5 PM W 2) 2 BR APT LA JOLLA SHORES 
________ ..;.._' S225 Month, to mid JUNE all 

Travel 
EUROPE : S225·S2I0. Also 
ISRAEL .nd JAPAN Spring 
.nd Summer flights .v.ilable 
cell 755·3ffO .fter 5 p.m., or 
write E .S. E . P.-UCSD 1217 
Beverly Blvd., Los Angeles, 
Cellf. 
MEN of all trades to NORTH 
SLOPE, ALASKA, and the 
YUKON, around S2IOO.OO • month. 
For CIIi""" Information write to 
Jab Atseerdl, P.O. Bax 161, S~, 
Toronto, Ontario. Enclose 53 to 
ctNW cost. ( 41 23) 
Europe .Itt (h.r.r Flghtl. 
Spring Special. Merch • ttru 
Jun. 15 - $261. Plus full 
summer progr.m. Cell lallie 
sa-to,. .fter 5. «R) 
Europe charters. 50 Deper· 
tu .... , .Iso from N.Y., Africe, 
India, Ilr.el. 60% Off. F .... 
info: EASC,323 N. Beverly Dr., 
Beverly Hills, CeIH., ft210. 
Phone: (2m 27 .... 293. (5/11) 
CHEAPEST FLIGHTS TO 
EUROPE. a.rtws ~ 
EunIpe, Asia, Africa, Israel, ... 
New YII1I. LAX/LON/LAX/ April 
~11, Sl51.oo RT. lEInil puses 
studlnt i.d. canis, A.I.s. fI56 Santa 
Manica Blvd. LAII Angeles, 90060, 
(213) 274-1742. (419) 

."·9240 (late mornings) 
(3/30) 

Service. 
Apt . for Rent : Roomy 1 
Bedroom S110 month. April 1st. 
Call 451-2761. 

LEARN TO FLY 
FLIGHT INSTRUCTION FOR 
PRIVATE COMMERCIAL, 
INSTRUMENT, AND MULTI· 
ENGINE RATINGS. CALL 
BUZZ 411~272 ( 4130) 
AVOID INCOMI lAX HAJS&II 
"...,_ loa s.m. 24 Heun, 

~"""' .. -""'.-
meney.295-1717. (4/!) 

II Your Auto Sick or nred 
Try J.m .. Automottve Service 
Amerlcen .nd Foreign Cen 
Repairs .nd Pollution Control. 
Student Discount n41 Herscllel 
La Jolla (In the .... r) "'-'111 

(R) 

FLIGHT INSTRUCTION FOR 
PRIVATE, COMMERCIAL, 
INSTRUMENT AND MULTI· 
ENGINE RATINGS S5 PER 
HOUR. BUZZ -.om. (3JlD) 

DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
11M EXECUTIV, 
ServIc. on Schedule . Madest 
bt.. Setllf.ctlon II the end 
product .... len 4"-_ 

CHEAPEST FLIGHTS TO 
EUROPE. Curters throughout 
Europe, Asia. Atria, Isr.el. 
New York Sl51 RT. LAXI LON· 
I LAXI April 3. 11, Eur.1I Typing -for .ccur.te Typintl 
pes ... student i.d. c.r., A. I.S. on electric pice - term pe,.,.., 905' Sent. Monia Blvd., Los ....... , manuscripts, etc. Cell 
Angeles. fOO6O. (213) 27 ..... 742. Mrs. McCroskey 217·1607. 

. (4124) (R) 
-------------------

EUROPE*ISRAEL*EAST AF· 
RICA 
One w.y .nd round trip student 
travel discounts. SOFA .gent 
for over 2000 inter· European 
student charter flights . CON· 
TACT: ISCA 11617 San Vincente 
Blvd., '4, L.A. CALIF., 9004'. 
TEL : (213) 136-5"'. 

Iq ""~I"1D' 
".'£'-' #StMI"", 
7f"1.312.(J 

Admilsion $3.50 

(6/ 4) 

..... te., FedIr.1 MIl .... 

..... ,.I ...... r ...... ~ 

...... ,1 .... , ....... .,. 
Cell "4D-7JII. 

(419) 
Typing .• • E.perienced typo 
1st. .. Term pepen, thtHS. 
Electric typewriter. Will do 
rush lobs. 453-6135. (R) 

RANDY BURNS 
ANDYHE 

SKYDOGBAND 
PlUS 

SAllY THOMAS 
FRI-SAY-SUN 

ADD. 2.50 OPENS Ipm 

NON-PROFIT ORGANIZATION 


