
triton ti 
V.lume 13, Numh, fO 

Palcic to Propose $3 
Student Fee for EOP 

Carl Neiburger 
City Editor 

AS President Mike (Heavy) 
Palcic informed the TRITON 
TIMES yesterday he will 
propose that the AS raise its 
fees by $3 per quarter to be 
utilized exclusively for a 
financial aids-EOP scholarship 
fund . 

Palcic said he will ask the AS 
council today to place the 
proposal on the ballot for the 
AS election run-offs. "There is 
a critical need on this campus 
for funds for financial aid and 
EOP, " he told the TRITON 
TIMES. 

The need for funds, Palcic 
explained, is due to the fact 
that while neVI students 
requiring financial aid will be 
entering UCSD this fall , no new 
sources for these funds are 
available. He observed that 
EOP is presently funded 
entirely from federal sources 
and the University registration 
fee ($100 per quarter paid by 
each student ). 

"No state funds are going 
directly into the EOP program, 
and although our legislative 
lobby is trying to get the state 
to allocate funds, in all 
probability the Governor is 
going to be true to himself and 
veto the funds," Palcic said. 
He noted that the university 
had requested $1 ,500,000 as a 
state allocation to the program 
but, "Reagan's budget says 
'zero.' " 

Another possible source of 
income, Palcic stated, is the 
Educa tional (tuition) fee 
passed by the Regents last year 
which will increase to $100 per 
student per quarter next fall . 
"The Student Body Presidents 

Council has recommended 
unanimously to the President 
(Charles Hitch ) that he 
appropriate half of the 
Education fee" to financial aid. 
He noted, however, that the 
regents declined a similar 
proposal last year. 

Palcic noted that "Students 
on other campuses have 
initiated similar fees to 
demonstrate their support of 
low income and minority 
students in the university." He 
commented that " the governor 
will support EOP students in 
the junior colleges. He just 
won 't support them in the 
university. " 

Palcic said he expected the 
fee " will produce $40,000 to 
$45,000 in additional income for 
EOP" which, he said, would 
provide the equivalent of 40-45 
scholarships. "All students on 
EOP, " he said, "will have 
some unmet need. This will 
alleviate some of the unmet 
need." 

Earlier this quarter , 
Financial Aids Director 
Lawrence Dryer indicated that 
with 200 new EOP students 
expected, the university lacks 
the equivalent of 
approximately 100 scholarships 
if it were to maintain students 
at present levels of support. At 
that time, Dryer said he 
expected this problem would be 
solved by cutting the average 
EOP grant by approximately 
$100. 

Palcic noted that a two-
thirds vote is required to pass 
fee increases. In the past, the 
Chancellor has also required a 
60 per cent voter turnout. 

For tile Y" . .... y . M "'Ie. cam,.. dOl' - • cMlce! Tile 
C08t' ... me I. GtIiIIevere (like * .-e. ). 

University ., (ali'ornia, San Die,. Friday, April3D, 1911 

Buckley T ravelling Salvation Show Holds 
Panels on Revolution, Reform, Conscience 

Frank Phillips 
Staff Writer 

Show," said that the recent anti-war 
demonstrations were " organized, 
controlled and led by Trotskyites, 
Communists and Socialists." 

making a short speech followed by a 
question and answer period, was marred 
by only minor disruptions. Student Jerry 
Hall was denied admittance by 
DIMENSION staffers Karl Keating and 
Jim Sills. Keating confiscated Hall 's 
ticket and returned his money. Sills told 

" Bill Buckley's Traveling Salvation 
Show" came to UCSD Monday, courtesy 
of DIMENSION and the Campus Studies 
Institute. Preceding the two days of 
panel discussions and seminars on 
conservatism in America , columnist 
William F. Buckley, Jr., told the 
TRITON TIMES that he thinks that FBI 
Director J . Edgar Hoover "does not 
have enough power. " 

In answer to a question about Third 
College Hart revealed that he would 
speak to " friends" about the 

The two-day conference entitled 
"Revolution, Reform, and Conscience" 
was kicked off with a panel discussion 
Monday night in UCSD's Gym , attended 
by approximately 1400 persons. The 
opening night audience consisted of 60-70 
per cent non-students. The following day 
seminars were held to elaborate on 
points discussed by the panelists. 
Tuesday night a closing session was 
convened, this one attended by a little 
over 100 people, almost entirely non-
students. 

Van den Haag, Evans, Hart 
Also Present 

Appearing with Buckley were 
INDIANAPOLIS NEWS editor M. 
Stanton Evans, New York University 
Professor Ernest van den Haag, and 
Dartmouth University English 
Professor Jeffrey Hart. The conference 
sessions were moderated by UCSD 
Literature Professor Ronald Berman. 

From left, William F. Buckley, Jeffrey Hart and Ernest van den Haag 
while he is in San Diego. Hart wrote an the TRITON TIMES he believed Hall 
article critical of Third College in planned to disrupt the meeting. Hall and 

Before the conference the participants 
held news conferences in which they 
discussed some of the same things they 
did in the conference. Professor van den 
Haag told newsmen that he was 
" impressed" with the fact that unlike 
previous anti-war demonstrations the 
recent one in Washington was attended 
by " kids who are among the dumbest we 
have." Van den Haag said previous 
demonstrations had been attended by 
the "brightest kids ." Van den Haag said 
that bright students are going back to 
academics and withdrawing from 
politics. 

National Review last year. Hart said he several compamons proceeded to bang 
is critical of the structure of the college. on the gym windows from the outside 
He said that students have too great a and one person wrote on the windows the 
voice in academic affairs. phrase " Kiss his ass-William 

More Power for Hoover Buckley." 
Buckley told newsmen that he has Flag-Tearer Ejected 

seen " no documented evidence that J . The only other disruption at the 
Edgar Hoover has abused his heavily guarded assembly (there were 
authority . ". He noted that Hoover has four UC policemen and four private 
been the " target of communists, guards hired by Campus Studies 
organized crime and liberals who want Institute ) involved a student who tore a 
to extend the first amendment beyond miniature American flag in front of the 
all reason." Buckley declared that largely conservative audience. San 
Hoover should be granted more power to Diego businessman Steve 8alkam 
deal with crime. demanded that the student be removed 

INDIANAPOLIS NEWS editor Evans, 
who at the conference began his speech 
by saying he was pleased to be a part of 
" Bill Buckley 's Traveling Salvation 

Buckley's arrival in the gym Monday from the gym. Campus Studies official 
night was met with thunderous applause Jim Lockett re trained 8alkam as 
by the largely adult audience. The police led the offending student out of 
session, which consisted of each panelist (Continued on page 3) 

Sociology, Theology linked by Priest 
G/ena Schroeter 

Staff Writer 
Speaking on "Sociology and the Spirit" last Tuesday evening 

was Father Gregory Baum, leading ecumenical theologian and 
author of the recent book, "Man Becoming." 

Having studied sociology for the past two years at the new 
School for Social Research in New York City, Father Baum 
stated that he has found sociology tying-in , in many ways, to 
his own theological education. Father Baum proceeded then to 
illuminate on the creation of the sociological condition, and 
how closely it relates to the kinds of things that Christians talk 
about. 

He first discu sed the origin of sociology as a SCience, 
referring to its beginnings in the 19th Century as a critical 
reflection on the new society which was in the making. In 
reference to Ulis. Father Baum de ignated three prevailing 
trends of the times, to which sociology became the 
countervailing force . 

Th first prevailing trend that h discussed was 
individualism. He explained that man wa coming to regard 
himself as an isolated ubject. Emphasis was being put on 
society as a somewhat contextual organism that preceded the 
individual. rather than society a an organically interwoven 
community, characterized by sharing and participation. 
Father Baum likened this to the countervailing trend in the 
church, to get away from external ceremonies, and back to a 
more community-type fellowship of sharing and participation. 

CHrcbe. I~ .. ted from tile o.t ide 
He reflected that just as man has isolated himself, so to 

some extent have the churches inoculated themselves again t 
the outside. However, the countervailing trend away from thi 
is becoming increasingly apparent. From a sociological point 

of view, it is the youths' groping need and attempt to get inside 
themselves and touch the emotional aspects of the body, 
instead of merely regarding themselves as i olated objects, 
that characterizes this reaction against individualism. 
Theologically. Christians are becoming more concerned with 
Jesu Christ and His true words, rather than outward 
uperficialities. 
The second trend of which Father Baum poke was that of 

rationalism. characteristic of the enlightenment. For example, 
Descartes rationalized man as the empty subject and reality as 
the object. knowledge bridging the two together. Sociologi ts 
reacted again t this way of relating to society as a separate 
entity. They held that society wa a reality not totaH outside 
ourselves, but intricately a part of us. Neither did sociologists 

re~ard man as a.1I that rational. They claimed that the thing 
whIch make us ttck are so deeply woven into our history, that 
we cannot make them totally con cious to our lve . 

Relating this to theology, Fath r Baum recognized that men 
have also alienated themselve from th divine within th m. 
This, h noted. has made them not totally op n to the reality in 
which they live. Fath r Baum expre sed the hope that 
eventually, through the creation of a new con ciou ne , man 
would become more open to hi- divine reality, from which his 
rational pa t ha cut him off. 

Mu Depicted 5 a MacbiDe 
The third prevailing trend of the 19th Century, according to 

Father Baum. was the appr ciation of technology. A th 
countervailing force , ~ ~ Icl() i"t3 ... MAI ;. J tti· tj""tru .. tive 
aspect of technology. which th y f It d picted con iou ne sa 
a machin . 

In contrast to technology, h said, iol i t tight to 
empha ize th uncon iou mind, tre ing that men are not 
like machin • but have things that are d pi woven Ulto their 

(COIItlHed oa pace J) 



iller Plans 'Unique' Department 
Rich Heimlich 
Contributor 

very shortly and then to the University president. How soon he 
makes his decision is known only to him. 

(Editor's Note: The following is excerpted from aD latervlew 
witb ProfeslOr Herbert Sclliller. tbe chairman Df tbe Third 
College CommunicatloDs Program.) 

'M': Will you remain as head of the communications program? 
Schiller: As of the moment I am the director of the program. 
How things will evolve remains to be seen because we are a 
democratic organization here. But in the year ahead I suppose 
I will remain as director. 

TRITON TIMES: What is the current status of the 
communications program at UCSD and will a major be offered 
in this field next year? 
Schiller: That can be answered in a de facto sense; by that I 
mean, what 's actually going to happen in terms of people, 
courses, possibilities to major . We will be offering a wider 
range of courses in the various areas of communications ; we 
will have a staff on campus in communications and in fields 
related to communications in an inderdisciplinary sense. So in 
this very real sense we are in business. Insofar as the actual 
approval on a formal basis, a formal proposal for a 
communications department will go to the chancellor very, 

MEET THE SOUND FREAKS ... 

THEY CAN FILL YOUR EVERY STEREO 
NEED AT DOW SOUND CITY'S LOW PRICES 

THE SYSTEM 600 

......... _ ... 
MOdel No. 27 • Retail Price$449OD 

Super components, like a Marantz 27 , a SO-watt FM/ AM receiver with ex-
clusive Marantz Gyro Tuning in a walnut case. Two incredible DSC m 's, 
with frequency response of 30 Hz to 20,000 Hz, B-ohm impedance, and a 
12'" bass speaker, a 6"· lower midrange speaker, a 3112". upper midrange 
speaker , plus a 2'" super tweeter, all housed in hand rubbed walnut cases . 
Top all of this off with the acclaimed Garrard 72B changer with base and 
dust cover. Now you 're ready to just sit back and groove. 

R.lail pric. $795.00 
Dow Sound City price 599.50 

You save 195.40 

FREE! $20.00 stereo earphones with any purchase of $70.00 or more and this ad! 
Easy Terms - Trade-Ins Accepted - The Sound Freaks Honor Master Charge, BankAmericard and Money. 

WIN A SYLVANIA STERE'O CONSOLE! GET FREE ENTRY BLANKS AT 

'Ik!! .. ~!~,~ 
FASHION VALLEY EAST, SAN DIEGO 

PHONE: 291 -5595 
3686 EL CAJON BOULEVARD, SAN DIEGO 

PHONE : 283-2325 
Other store locations aTe: Pasadena, Goleta and Oxnlfd 

Page 2 Triton Times Friday. April 30, 1971 

n : What is the scope of a "typical" commUDications 
department? What areas are usually included in a model 
communications department and how similar or different will 
the UCSD communications department be? 

Sc~er : There is no such thinJ as a typical communi~ations 
department. We plan on having something that is unique. We 
are not attempting to set up a journalism school. We are going 
to be carving out our own area. We are not going to fall in line 
with other schools. 

Most of the kinds of communication courses that we would be 
interested in are now only offered (Ilr the most part at graduate 
levels if it is being offered at all . But almost nowhere in the 
country are these courses offered at the undergraduate level. 
This is research in the mass media, human communications, 
communications systems, behavior , communications 
behavior, public opinion, content analysis, systems 
theory-most of these are usually graduate courses. 

Now what we are doing, first of all, is implementing the 
academic plan of Third College. One major orientation is to 
direct the study of communications on the undergraduate level 
(as outlined by the plan) and later on the graduate level to the 
basic needs of minority peoples. People who have not, for 
many reasons, been able to participate in the communications 
process. In the sense of having their views expressed in the 
mainstream channels, we will be examining to what sense they 
have been excluded, why they have been excluded, what are the 
opportunities for changing this exclusion into participation. 
Can the new technology assist in this, or won't it? These are the 
questions that we will be talking about. And of course assisting 
the students to see these issues critically and to participate 
wherever possible in their own individual ways, as well as to 
understand the social context in which they are operating. 

So our undergraduate program has a dual approach. One, of 
attempting to understand the communications process, both as 
a social process and a personal process. And secondly, a 
definite relatedness to the specific needs of minority students. 
So this is the uniqueness of Third College and the UCSD 
communications program. From there we will build into the 
advanced kinels of graduate research that one expects to 
develop as we create a campus department of 
communications. 
'M': What major categories of study will the program be 
concerned with? 
ScbUer: One major category will be the analysis of social 
institutions and social structures of communications. By that 
we mean just how these processes are organized , what kind of 
social control, organizational structures, financial inputs , the 
whole basis upon which the media are organized as they are . 
What guides the structure of newspapers, what guides the 

(CoDtiDued OD page 3) 

TWO Oft MOfI. K.ATON aHORTa 
WITH .IoCH ~"'TU". 

* Shawing8 each ewenlng at 7 & 9 
... 

Call 4G9·""'. for dates 
and Informatien 

* 

Tom Hayden and Company Tonight 
Tom Hayden will be among speakers at a symposium tonight 

presented by the Committee to Free All Political Pr.soners. 
Other participants in the evening of speeches and workshops 
devoted to individual political cases and "building an effective 
political organization in San Diego" include Howard Moore, 
chief defense lawyer for Angela Davis : Clint Jinks, union 
organizer and professor at San Diego State College : Demetria 
McNeil, spokeswoman for the San Francisco Chapter of the 
Soledad Brothers Defense Committee : and a representative of 
the Oceanside Movement for a Democratic Military. The 
symposium is scheduled for 8 p.m. in the Revelle Cafeteria . 

Revolutionary Socialist Conference 

Slated for Sunday , May 2, is an all·day conferenc~ ?n 
revolutionary socialism sponsored by the Young . SOCialist 
Alliance. Activists in the antiwar, women 's hberatlon, 
nationalist and other radical movements are expected to 
attend from schools and colleges throughout the San Diego 
area . Cindy Jaquis , who was a leader of the Columbia student 
strike in 1968 and is now national secretary of the YSA , Will be 
speaking in the morning session on the need to build a mass 
united women 's liberation movement. 

Olga Rodriguez, ex-secretary of the Ho~sto~ Mexican-
American Youth Organization and now active In the Los 
Angeles YSA, will discuss the relation between t~e Chicano 
nationalist movement and revolutIOnary soclahsm . Also 
featured in the conference are workshops on the antiwar 
movement the high school student rights movement , 
feminism , 'and Chicano Nationalism, and a talk by Socialist 
Workers ' Party ational Committee member Dan Styron on 
the character of the coming American Revolution. The 
conference starts at 10 a.m .. and will be held in USB 2622. 

Did You Ever Have to Make Up Your Mind 

During the next week and a half Revelle College is offering a 
series of informational sessions to help undecided students 
choose a major . . 

The presentations will be given by repre entatives from each 
of various academic departments at UCSD . Sponsored by the 
Revelle Committee on College Affairs. the series was planned 
pri marily with Revelle sophomores in mind, but all students 
are welcome. 
May 3, 1971 

Anthropology 
Visual Arts 

May 4 
Physics 

May5 
Chemistry 

May6 
History 
Mathematics 

May 10 
BIOlogy 
Literature 
SOCIOlogy 

May 11 
Ames 
Linguistics 
Philosophy 

H·L Building. Room 1205 
USB4020A 

Building 2A Room 2113 

USB 3010 

USB 4030A 
Building 2A Room 5880 

USB 2622 
H·L 1205 
Revelle Informal Lounge 

Revelle Informal Lounj(e 
Buildmg 2 Room 5243 
Revelle In formal Lounge 

7 p.m. 
7 p.m. 

7p.m. 

7p.m. 

7:30 
7p.m. 

7 p.m. 
7 p.m. 
4 p.m. 

dP·m. 
7 p.m. 
2p.m. 

Petition for Revelle Government 
Petitions for the eight student positions in Revelle College 
gover~ ment will be avatlable in the Provo L's office thi s 
coming Monday through frida y. 

ix positions will be open on the .Commlttee on College 
Affair s. The committee concern Itself With the SOCial 
envi ronment of the college and is responsible for organizing 
ar,d funding uch projects as the Student Crafts Cent.er. the 
Automechanics Workshop and the Rites of Spring Renaissance 
Festival. d .. . h 

The two student members on the Executive Boar lom Wit 
faculty and admmistrators to decide on academic policy of the 
college . The Executive Board is the most direc t contr~1 that 
students have over grading policy and procedure , curriculum 
and requirements and the general quality of undergraduate 
education. 

Elections for all eight positions will be held Ma:[13 and It 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
lor services 
Tues. thru Sat. 

233-8328 

If 
.,.. •• .., •••• te4 io _ •• ,.Ie. 

w. oee4 •• ..,.. re" 
'"' .'-t .., _ """ ...... ~ ..... 

__ fl" ... .,.. 

No phone (ails 
S top ill alld s •• J ohll 

PAC~r~C 
YAMAKA 

1111 •• , •• t It. 
.clfic ~'IC' ."-IU& 

Schiller Plans •.. 
(CoDtiDued (rom page 1) 

arrangement of radio stations, what guides and what organizes 
and what principles determine how television and film are 
structured. 

Another major area will be the study of the actual 
communications behavior and the way it operates on the 
individual. Here we will discuss the areas of public opinion 
making, what constitutes public opinion, how is public opinion 
organized, what is an attitude, how are attitudes created and 
changed, what are the impacts of mass media on personal ' 
behavior as related to these individual psvchological 
relationships and communications relationships. 

A third area , which I think is crucial and one in which UCSD 
will be in the forefront, will be the area of g~neral 
communications theory, systems theory, the whole nolton of 
communications as a systems operatIOn . Here 
communications is defined as total behavior, an area where 
Professor Wilden is involved with. 

Finally, we would devise a program for the students 
themselves to utilize the media , so they know what the 
technology is so we are not alway~ talki~g in an abstract w.ay. 
Study which could lead to careers m radIO, teleVISIOn, and film 
making. This area will need time ~nd a gre~t de~1 of reso~rces 
before it can develop on a profeSSIOnal baSIS. ThiS area Will be 
tied to the more general areas of theory that I have discussed. I 
don 't want a film studio to develop independent of the total 
communications picture that we are trying to present. 

Buckley ••. 
(CoDtinued (rom page 1) 

the building to the cheers of the 1400 
persons present. Balkam told the 
TRITON TIMES that he "had a hold of 
Sirhan Sirhan one hour before he shot 
Robert Kennedy" and wasn't going to 
" let a thing like that happen to 
Buckley." He later told the TRITON 
TIMES that he was at the Ambas ador 
Hotel when Sirhan "tried to break into 
the room . I physically threw him out of 
the room," he said. 

concern was for philanthropy, my 
objective concern was to prevent 
Lindsay from winning-both boil down 
to the same thing." 

each answer, was particularly pleased 
with a comment of van den Haag that 
"punishments work better t~an 
rewards" in reference to a questlon 
about crime. He suggested that two 
reforms could be instituted which would 
cut down crime greatly. The first 
reform would be to eliminate the 
jurisdiction which federal courts have in 
criminal matters and the other reform 
would be to allow any evidence. no 
matter how procured, to be admissible 
against a suspect. Van den Haag said he 
would like a law which would allow a 
defendant to sue in case of illegal 
evidence gathering but that the evidence 
should still be admitted. He said he saw 
no reason why a criminal should go free 
"just because the method of gathering 
evidence is considered illegal. " 

The closing session of the symposium 
on Tuesday was devoted largely to 
questions from the comparatively small 
audience. One man was critical of the 
fact that the panelists did not 
participate in a format which allowed 
them to debate non-conservatives. Dr. 
van den Haag answered that he was 
ready to debate anytime. 

Asked about the heavy security at the 
opening session , DIMENS ION staffer 
Sills said he "expected trouble." Sills 
said he was satisfied with the number of 
people present. DIMENSION editor 
Keating said he was " encouraged by the 
number of open·minded people here 
tonight, individuals who are not afraid of 
hearing the other side." 

Buckley's Wit Shines 
Buckley, who was only able to attend 

the Monday night session, showed hi s 
well·publicized wit during the question· 
and-answer period . When asked why he 
had run for the office of Mayor of ew 
York City Buckley said " My subjective 

One question asked was why there 
hadn 't been discussion of the role of the 
Communist Party in " infiltrating" 
colleges. Van den Haag said that the 
Communists have "never been terribly 
effective." Dartmouth Professor Hart 
disagreed saying that he knew of 
" incidences at Berkeley where 
individuals were hired for their political 
beliefs. " He said he considered that to 
be a "plot. " Evans said there have been 
various conspiracies "at work in this 
country." He cited the Washington anti · 
war protest as an example. 

Possible Re(orms Noted 
The audience. which applauded after 

Sponsoring officials said they were 
"very pleased" with the response to the 
symposium. Some students expressed 
dissatisfaction With the "one·sided 
nature" of the program. Several 
students commented to the TRITON 
TIMES that the "unwillingness to 
discuss various viewpoints was as bad 
as SDS meetmgs." 

Father Baum ..• 
(CoDtinued (rom page 1) 

unconscious , of which they were not even aware . Father Baum 
states that this goes along with theology's idea of sin ; that 
destruction is woven into human life, and onl y an encounter 
with God 's word reveals it to us. 

Father Baum said tha t like the Pharisees (the high priests ) 
of biblical times, men cannot see their sin by just looking at 
themselves. Because of power. self·delusion and self-
possession, the Pharisees withdrew themselves from 
criticism, and therefore reality. Man, he felt , is often guilty of 
the same today. 

He concluded the lecture by proposing that the only cure for 
humanity is a new consciousness. Theologically peaking, he 
said that people must discover the destructive things they do to 
one another, and the marvelous things (works of God ) which 
happen in their midst. 

R f!$ourcpjIJ IIl P ,H 
P S) ch %l!..'·' beeam i rill 

iuuf'~ . phi/oJoph\ 
chd(/,.",. ·s book 
fiClio". POri" 
d./i,h, 
jo,· 

EARTH.SONG 
BOOK STORE 

1440 Camino del Mor 

L' . . & f oreign 
poperbark. 

mt'lgazine~ 
pOJ,pr! 

recordJ 
carcb 

no summer job. 
The ATIONAL CAMP EXCHA GE is accepting resumes of 
camp counselor applicants to be distributed to over 2650 ca ~ps 
in 41 states and Canada . Undergraduate students (completmg 
at lea t one full year by June) graduate students and faculty 
members . 
Camp work provides an opportunity to refresh o~e ' mind and 
body in pleasant surroundin gs clo e to natur.e, while developmg 
new relationships in a omfortable new environment. Posillons 
as general counselor, group leader and specia lty coun el?r are 
available for men 3nd women with or without camp expenence. 
To have copies of your edited re ume ent 10 those sum~er 
camps in our files in early May follow thiS formal exactly. 
A) arne and age B) Home .address. and phone C) Scho~l 
re idence and phone D) Position desued E) Relevant expert· 
ence F) Area preferred G) arne of School H) Name and 
address of work·mate (if any). -
It 's advantageou to be bllef and to t!,e point. Type or print 
legibly on one ide ~f one page and mail y~ur copy With 7 for 
printing and processmg of each resume to. 

ATIO AL AMP EXC HA GE 
315, 760 MARKET STR ET, A FR CI 0 , C . 

(MIY 8 is 

Livermore Underground 
Contract Announced 

The San Francisco Regional 
Office of the General Services 
Administration today 
an nounced the award of a 
contract to G. M. Labrucherie 
& Associates , Inc . in 
Livermore. California. 

The $42,080 contract calls for 
conversion of basement space 
into a new workroom and 
rela ted work at the .S. Post 
Office in Livermore. 

( •• cept Sot Eve) 

CALIGUA 

Now 

"'"' 
..,16 

only 

\lb .. 1 amu-
pene trating drama or th e 
d oca d r nt Roman 
Emperor ... all "ho oppo •• 
hi , d i-torted Idea - or 
hurnan \ al ues art 
threatened b) .il gul. 
I) rann ira l rul e ... 
S2 '0 1 TI* W", . nw,.. .. Sufi . ..... ) 
U 00 I '"-. Sot ..... 1 
12 00 1 SI.In..Moh. Moy 16 
S 1..s0 Shl , ... .., , .. & I,",,,, ... MI 

•• Sot .... . 

J S()Jt!i'~1i 
25(BEER 
entertainment 

nightly 

cassius carter 
centre stage 

ADJACIWI 10 OlD "011 ,,,Wit 

Silverado & Fay 
La Jolla 

5645 La Jolla Blvd. 
LADIES READY TO WEAR SHOP 

F.Mu, I,.,,;,: ARROW. LADY aUG lADY VAN HUESEN 
Dresses . Suils e Tennis Oreslel • SIO(ks e Blousls 
Sweotm . Bath ing SUits e Kntlf ing Yarns and Supplies 

*SAVE50T07S% * 
DRESSES 

\29 \ 10 \159\ ALL 
SIZES 
SHORTS 
2 fOR 1 

...,1 ... ...,. 
If ,,,uI,r ,fIt. Itt 7M ,.If flU 

SWEATERS 
\ 3 )0 10 \12 \) 

mll'TMING MUST II SOlD - All NIff "'IItCHANGIS! 

Friday. AprillO. 1971 Triton Times Peg. 1 



tfitO!!c._~!!"es 
La Jotll, Cllifomi. 92037 

(714' 453-2000, ext 1016, Advll1iling ext 1011 
Haywood Gammon, Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

'he edit .. ial. expr.ued below or. approved by the 'IITON TIMES Eclit .. ialloord. All .ther opinion. oxpr.~ 11ft thit ~ are theM of the avthora wh_ nome. appear in the bylines, and do not ~.~iIy refloct the VIIW. of the 'IITON TIMES. Any.,. desiring t. submi' ma'erial,. be published in 
this Mellon ahovld .. nd it to the Edit .. ial Diract .. , 'I"ON 'IMES, 11711ak. Hall, UCSO. 

Save The Thumb 
In today's TRITON TIMES is the 

first of a two part article by Bruce G. 
Weniger, a Berkeley law student, 
dealing with a proposed "anti-
hitchhiking" bill now in committee in 
the State Legislature. OstenSibly the 
purpose of Senate Bill 92 is to combat 
rape and robbery. But, as Weniger 
brought out there is little evidence to 
support the supposition that the 
passage of this bill will reduce this 
typeof crime. 

An inevitable reSUlt, however, is 
that it will cut off a vital means of 
transportation for many people in the 
state of California. We find it hard to 
believe that whatever benefits the bill 
might accrue in "crime prevention," 
would really offset the hardships it 
will impose on certain segments of 
society, espeCially the people who are 
young and poor. 

There can be no denying that much 

Save Your Life 
As long as we are recommending 

that students make their views known 
on pending legislation, we feel you 
should be aware of an issue of even 
more crucial importance to 
students-the DRAFT. In today's 
letters-to-the-editor, Florence Stevens 
(Chairman of the La Jolla-San Diego 
branch of a movement to repeal the 
draft) lets us know that the U.S. 
Senate will soon have to vote on 
whether or not to extend the draft. 

The " peace time" draft is a 
relatively new phenomenon and is 
contrary to American tradition. 

of the present suppor' for Senate Bill 
92 as a crime preventive measure is 
Simply a cover-up for an adverse 
reaction to the "counter culture." The 
California Highway Patrol's liaison 
officer with the Legislature has made 
it known to Senator John Nejedly, 
author of the bill, that from a police 
viewpoint the bill is unnecessary, and 
that it will simply further strain 
relations between police and young 
people. The bill's potential for 
legitimizing pOlice harrassment of 
young people, we feel, is self-evident. 

We encourage all students who feel 
they have an interest at stake to make 
their views known. Today's article 
tells how public opinion has already 
managed to modify the bill once. In 
Tuesday's TT Weniger shows who the 
key legislators are and how they can 
best be influenced. 

California senators are divided on the 
issue. Cranston will vote against 
extension. But, Tunney is uncertain . 
His vote will probably be determined 
by what he gauges the public's opinion 
to be. 

The War in Indo-China is now being 
fought by soldiers who don't want to be 
there and a cessation of the draft 
would force Nixon to conclude our 
involvement in Southeast Asia. As 
recommended by Florence Stevens, 
you can make your views known to 
Tunney through Gordon Walker, his 
San Diego Field Representative. 

Day to Vote 

in the A.S. Election 

Page 4 Triton Times Friday, April 30, 1971 

'Be(ouse There's 
Something in the Air. .. ' 

by Mark Elson 
I have been with KSDT for three years as music director , 

station manager, and am currently coordinating our efforts to 
acquire an FM frequency. I feel it necessary to brief all of the 
student community on KSDT's progranuning policy, recent 
attempts to expand, and, although it really isn 't worthwhile, to 
answer current irresponsible criticism which is false and 
which would only help to create a campaign issue where none 
exists. I must explain what really is the case so that 
candidate's lies can be laid to rest. 

Firstly, KSDT has been criticized as an expensive toy which 
is run by a few know-it-ails who are "filling their pockets" by 
being paid exorbitant stipends. Despite inferences that have 
appeared in minor campus media, three station executives are 
paid collectively $SIlO quarterly, which is not a whole bunch for 
maintaining a round-the-clock, seven-<tay-a-week operation . 
The allegation that KSDT is an expensive toy simply is not 
true. 

We believe that as many students as possible should be able 
to hear KSDT which is the reason we are seeking FM 
educational status. At present there are six other campus FM 
stations in the UC system. A major means of instantaneous 
mass communication is vital to our campus. Yet the local 
administration is difficult to convince of the feasibility of an 
FM station here. The Triton Times is a tangible product that 
anyone can read whereas the radio medium is invisible. It is 
only right to ask where the money would go (1), especially when 
its immediate effects will not be seen . 

What will we be getting for the money? KSDT-FM will 
provide programming that is important to the campus 
community ; programming that is " relevant". We will be 
required by the FCC to air a certain percentage of news, public 
affairs, and educational programming. All pre-recorded music 
is classed as 'light entertainment.' 

The bulk of our programming has been and is now music 
because it is inexpensive and requires less expertise than 
either news or public affairs reporting. The music 
programming philosophy is that music should be presented on 
radio as an art form in itself . The format includes virtually all 
types of music and although student taste dictates an emphasis 
on current rock , no one has attempted to make KSDT into 
another KPRI. Who needs that? At any rate KSDT-FM will 
exist to provide programming which is alternative to 
commercial radio. 

We are prevented from supporting ourself via commercials 
because (1) there are no commercial frequencies available to 
us and (2) educational institutions are assigned non-
commercial FM frequencies . Innovation and experimentation 
will be the keys to our programming. This is where the true 
educational exp rience bears fruit. Live public affairs 
discussions, accurate news coverage of happenings that affect 
us all , and excellent music programs will be presented. 

Our editorial policy requires that equal time be given to 
responsible opposing points of view. In all honesty, our best 
non-music programming has been accomplished through 
super-human efforts in that we have never been equipped to 
extend the range of the potential that is available to us. Arrests 
of our reporters in Berkeley and Isla Vista demonstrate the 
risks we have gone to when the word must be spread. Our 
present facilities are utilized to the utmost. 

KSDT has been and will be open to anyone who wants to 
become involved in it. We need fresh ideas to create a new 
sound in the air. KSDT is the students ' station to become a part 
of and to listen to. Let's use it. We 've got a lot to say , you know. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
Final Exams 
NOTICE 
SAN DIEGO: OFFICE OF 
THE CHANCELLOR 

April 7. 1971 
TO: ALL FACULTY 

SUBJECf: Final Examinations 

My attention has been called 
to instances in which the 
published final examination 
schedule has not been followed . 

Two specific instances are 
those in which final 
examinations are given on the 
'free day' and those in which 
the student is given a take-
home exam to turn in on the 
last day of instruction. 

I understand that those 
instructors who do give 
examinations on the 'free day ' 
only to do when the students 
have agreed in a classroom 
that they are willing to have 
this happen. However . even 
though the students appear to 
be agreeable to thi s scheme. 
some are not but may be 
reluctant to be disagreeable. I 
must point out that the 'free 
day' has been reserved for 
students to tudy for all his 
exams. and the ' exam ination 
schedule specifically indicates 

that no exams are to be given 
on this day. Also, by requiring 
an early submission of 
examination materials, the 
student is being denied the 
critical time required "to put it 
all together." Thus. deviating 
from the published 
examination schedule works 
undue hardships on the 
students concerned . and-such 
deviation represents a gross 
discourtesy to the students . 

However. above and beyond 
such argument s. Senate 
regulations provide that the 
examinations must be given in 
the regularly- scheduled time 
periods . Deviations from the 
Senate regulations must be 
approved in advance by the 
Committee on Courses acting 
through the Committee on 
Educational Policy. 

Therefore. I request that all 
faculty comply with the final 
examination schedule as 
published unless a variance is 
granted by the Committee on 
Educational Policy. 

Herbert F. York 

Stop The Draft 
Announcement : 

There will soon be a vote in 
the United State enate on 

Hitchhik 
<Editor's Note: 'nis 

• tw..,an leriel, deals 
ud-ki~ law lOW 
Callfonla slate lepalatllre. 
Is • first year law 
Beneley. ) 

If you ha ve heard 

Threatened in California 
Bruce G, Weniger 

read: "No person shall solicit a ride or 
enter a vehicle, at any location where 
stopping a vehicle is prohibited." 

in the state. The danger of rape or 
robbery might prove to be insignificant 
to any single hitchhiker, and these 
crimes might not be prevented simply 
by cutti ng off this one means of access 
to victims. 

in recent months that nlt,:hhi.lnt 
soon be illegal in Calitornio.u. 
been hearing the truth. Jdlll_r11 
may prove to have been a 

Surprisingly, this amendment does 
not offer much of a change, because 
three rarely-enforced sections of the 
state Vehicle Code (21458, 22500, and 
22520) prohibit stopping extensively : 
next to any red curb, at any bus stop, in 
front of any driveway, at freeway entry 
ramps, on the roadway side of any 
parked vehicle, and at other places. 
These places are the most common, and 
often the safest, spots at which people 
hitchhike. It is hard to find a place along 
most urban and suburban thoroughfares 
where stopping is permitted. 

The University of California 's Library 
of Transportation in Richmond, the 
largest , library on transportation 
subjects in the country, has not a 
single entry or .statistic on hitchhiking. 
Some study is obviously needed 
before this form of transportation is 
severely restricted. day for the untold 

Californians, young and old 
female , whose only ' 
transportation is ,UU"UUIIIj( 
On that day State 
a Republican from 
introduced SeDate Bill ~ 
California Legislature. It 
clearly, so that lawyer and 
alike could understand , ' 
solicit a ride from the 
vehicle which is being 
highway". It listed four 
this prohibition permitting 
only if (A) the person was 
which the local .U,""flm.'nl 
sign specifically 
(B) life or property was i 
the person was obtaining 
a disabled car , or (D ) one 
flag down a taxi or bus. 

Nobody really expects 
counties to do much for 
under exception A above. 
hitchhiking would be totally 
throughout the state. The 
which is reasonable, 
standing In a roadway to 
(Vehicle Code Sect. 21957 ). 

A Minor Change 
Since his original bill was 

Senator Nejedly has had a 
of heart, bu t not enough 

Of course, policemen only enforce 
these no-stopping rules-unless they are 
trying to harass someone-against 
drivers who have made clearly 
dangerous maneuvers. But Senate Bill 
92 would permit police to arrest anyone 
standing a any of these places just for 
sticking out his thumb. It is obvious that 
this law would be an effective device for 
the police to harass people with 
unorthodox life styles and appearances. 

Rape & Robbery 
Senator Nejedly told this 

commentator in a recent trip to 
Sacramento that his original intent was 
to combat the crime that occurs in 
connection with hitchhiking, such as 
robberies and rapes committed against 
both drivers and hitchhikers. He cited a 
letter from San Francisco Police Chief 
Alfred Neider, reporting an increase in 
hitchhike rapes in that city from 5 in 
1965 to 73 in 1970, and an increase in 
hitchhike robberies from none to 83. 

The Opposition Argues 
Individuals opposed to Senate Bill 92 

have come forward with a variety of 
reasons why this bill should be defeated, 
all of which reduce themselves to a 
concern for people. 

First of all, there are so many people 
in this state who depend on hitchhiking 
for transportation : youth, servicemen, 
and poor people travel this pollution-free 
way to schools, jobs, stores, beaches, 
and parks, primarily because public 
transportation is woefully inadequate, 
slow, expensive, and often non-existent. 

Concern for our environment, which is 
another way of saying concern for 
ourselves as living beings, is another 
reason many ecologically-aware 
persons oppose unnecessary restrictions 
on hitchhiking. The state should be 
eDcouragiDg, not discouraging, all forms 
of ride-sharing in order to make better 
use of existing automobiles and 
highways. To restrict hitchhiking would 
increase the need to use one's own 
automobile. Our poisoned air and 
concretized landscape is proof enough 
that an automobile-oriented culture 
is- as the Surgeon General might print 
on the side of cars-" hazardous to our 
health". 

warm the hearts of the 
thousands of people who 
California . Probably becl4he 
heavy volumeofmail he r.,.." i •• ", 
the bill , he modified it on 

The senator was unable to quote any 
statistics on the total amount of 
hitchhiking done in California, such as 
the number of rides given or the 
distances travelled . Since most crimes 
are measured in terms of ratios, such as 
the number of murders or larcenies per 
thousand population, it is impossible to 
determine the danger of hitchhiking 
until we know the extent of hitchhiking 

California conservationists know that 
Senator Nejedly is compiling a laudable 
record for his sponsorship and support of 
legislation protecting the environment. 
Senate Bill 92 would not be consistent 
with that record. 

DRAFT EXTENSION. "pmIlUl."" your 
Alan Cranston opposes !hI "I'UIII1.mem 
DRAFT. Senator John ". 
Tunney is uncertain. 

All students and facul l)' 
interested in DRAFT REPEAL 
can make their position clear 
to Senator Tunney by talking 
with Gordon Walker, the 
Senator's San Diego Field 
Representative. The San Diego 
Field office is open to the 
public Mondays and 
Wednesdays. 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., 
and Tuesdays and Thursdays. 9 
a.m. to 12 noon. Its location is 
815 E St.. Rm 205. San Diego. 
The telephone number to call 
for an appointment is 293-5635· 

Mr. Walker provides San 
Diegans with a representative 
communications link with 
Senator Tunney in WashingtOll . 
D.C. The National Council 10 
Repeal the Ora ft feels that thiS 
local approach to Senator 
Tunney will be most effective 
in informing him of the 
attitude of his Californil 

Florence S~vens, Chairman 
La JolJa-San Diego Branch 

1956 Sea View Ave. 
Del Mar, CaUf. 9%814 

't Forget 

is just a little reminder 
wins the AS 

lor any election for 
I. Don 't let the 

down by forgetting all 
carnpalilln promises as is 

the case in many 
Keep in contact with 

and faculty year 
and not just the week 

elections. Keep an open 
remember you represent 

the students. 
Sincerely 

Nick Curtin 
DebbIe KraUcl! 

Demonopolize the Post Office 
Roy Nelson 

Lately there has been much 
in the newspapers and 
television about all the good 
services we are going to enjoy 
after the new postal rates go 
into effect on or about May 15. 
l ist class mail will be 8 cents, 
airmail 11 cents, specia l 
delivery 60 cents and post cards 
6 cents). This may be so but 
judging from the experiences 
of past increases, we may 
surely doubt it. Actually 
service to the public ha 
steadily declined in the past as 
pay increase and improved 
working conditions were 
granted to postal employees. 

Postal rates have varied 
considerably in the past. 
During the years 1816-1845 the 
following rates were in effect: 

One letter: 
not going over 30 miles cost 6 
cents 
not going over 80 miles cost 10 
cents 
not going over ISO miles cost 
12 'h cents 
not gOing over 400 miles cost 
1a:Y. cents 
greater distances cost 25 cents 

In 1845 Congress passed 
legislation making it illegal for 
private companies to carry 
mail. This wa s directed 
primarily against th e 
American Letter Mail Co, 
which boasted that they would 
deliver 1st class mail at 5 cents 
each letter. twenty for a dollar. 

The man who started this 
compan y wa s Lysand er 
Spoon r, an attorney and 
American anarchist. At tha t 

time and sinc'e then he has been 
given credit for the reasonable 
rates charged by the Post 
Office. 

In the 1880's Wells Fargo & 
Co . wa s suc c essfully 
competing with the U. S. Post 
Office in the western states and 
territories. Well s Fargo 
service was not only more 
complete. reaching more 
points, but it was also safer and 
faster . This was in spite of the 
fact that it had to charge 5 
cents for each letter against 3 
cents for the regular U. S. Post 
Office rate . Wells Fargo had to 
pay a tribute of over 3 cents per 
letter to the government. 

About the same time the Post 
Office was carrying 
newspapers for $1 per hundred 
pounds for 2,000 miles, while 
paying the railroads 3 times 
what it should, and losing about 
$5 per trip. The los was made 
up by overcharging on 1st class 
mail and by taxes on the 
general public in other areas . 

We now hear that the 
newspaper and magazine 
lobbies in Washington are 
protesting the increase in 2nd 
class mail and contesting the 
right of the Post Office to so 
raise them. 

Making the Post Office a 
public corporation is a step in 
the right direction . The next 
step should be to remove its 
monopoly privileges. If the 
Post Office can ucces full y 
compete again st private 
enterpri e carrying the mall 
cheaper, faster and safer than 
its competition, then its 
exist nce would be justified. 
L t the public d ide. 

Free all Political Prisoners 
Brian O'Brien 

The FAPP by 'Brian O'Brien movement has 
had some great successes, and of course 
success in disturbing the status quo brings 
reaction. We in the movement have to learn to 
handle this reaction, to survive it and turn it on 
its creators. We can't afford to win battles and 
lose the war . Not here in the U.S. - it 's too 
important tq people all over ~he world. 

We've survived the red-baiting and the first 
intimidating attacks by police and national 
guard and we'll survive the co-option and race-
baiting that 's in vogue now in the government 
and the press. The attack in the courts, 
however, is more subtle and may be more 
difficult to combat. Jackson, Kent, and Chicago 
aren't hard to understand but the courts cloak 
the repression in a barrage of legalisms and on 
appearance of fairness. The long drawn out 
prosecutions drain our energy and finances, 
which are always limited. Charges, counter-
charges, and complicated legal maneuvering 
confuse the sympathetic and even those within 
the movement. 

Committee, experienced people are kept out 
of action for long periods, either in jail or 
devoting everything to staying out. All the while 
the press and the politicians are moaning about 
permissive judges and expensive movement 
lawyers perpetuating the myth of the helpless 
giant assailed by well organized and vicious 

gnats. Conspiracy defendants are criminals, 
Angela Davis, George Jackson and on and on 
are criminals-cold and calculating, even 
bloodthirsty. There is no such thing as a 
political trial in the U.S. 

That's the kind of thing we're up against. The 
ever-increasing use of this strategy from 
campus (injunctions of Spring '70) to the White 
House shows that they believe it 's working. We 
have some evidence to the contrary. Defendants 
are eschewing narrow legalistic defense. Trials 
are being used as forums to educate and to build 
SUDoort for peace and against racism and 
inhumanity. It 's an uphill battle, though, and it 
requires thought and organization. It requires 
commitment and energy. This committee wants 
to help build , to help lay down the foundations 
for support of those who are prosecuted for 
being effective and in the forefront. 

We urge everyone to attend the symposium 
Friday night in the Revelle cafeteria . Hear 
lawyers and defendants from major cases, 
including Howard Moore (Angela 's chief 
counsel), Oscar Rios (from Los Siete) and Tom 
Hayden (of the Chicago 8), discuss the 
implications of current political repression and 
what we can do to make it a double failure by 
helping to free Angela , Ruchell , Gonzales ... and 
by keeping the pressure on against the war and 
racial and economic exploitation. 

triton tillles 
NewoDepi 
Ed Boyle 

Editor-in-C hie ( . . Ha\woo d Gamm o n RoseDeCoslo 
C· Ed ' . C I '\ '1 Bobbie Fink tt y Itor ... . .. . . ar . CI IlI rl'(' r Jeff Grohom 
Managing Editor . . .. . . Mik e I\l a~c r Robe rt Mille, 
Copy Edl' lor C hll(·k r raha nl Debbie Monlgom.ry 

. . . . . . . . , " Fronk Phill ip. 

Contributors 
JIm S,II. 

Art. D.porlment 
Tom leer 
Joy GiII.lte 

""ol"trophy 
Jon Fron. k 
"d".rlioin, 
Deportmenl 
Mark Trilling 
S U100 n Code. 
Molly Selvin 

8uslne S Manage r ... . ... J eff ~ rt c d Cl iff Po.' 
Editoriall)irl'c tor .• R ao lll Co nl rc r a> Mo,kSiegel 

lorry John\On 
Sorgun Tont 
K. n Borno, Se<r.tariol StaH 

• • C' Ed ' () J 80rboro Simon Corri. Rickey SI.ve Cohen 
" sso Clall' , tt y Ilor . . . " e n o~ n e r J h Z II 

'\ II S I ' o n 0 er 
.' 0 ~ . e "II 

Sheilo Calhoun 
Au' l Mono, in, Ed. Co 0 Joe Eo.t. rn py eporlm.nl 

• Ed ' T II I Arti.t. 
"rls Ilor .. . . ... .. e rn r a ra" So h M K ~, " 0 c enno 
" ports Edilor . • •••. • ~ o('k ~ lIalfo l1 Allan Sekula 

Co m), Sharitk Debbie Montgomery 
Gleno Schroeter 

Pholography Editor ...• Matt Hinton ' George SOloni 
Produdton Spom Wri'.r 

Mike RoIh 

The TRITON TIMES i, off"iolly IOcognilOd ond .upport.d o. 0 ,Iud.nl n ..... pope, by 'he Commun,co';on, Boord 
of 'he Uni •• " ily of Colilornio. Son Diogo. Building 250. Molth .... , Compu •. 10 Jollo. Ca lifa,n ia 920 37 Publl(olion 
i!o twice weeltly on 1 u .. doy, and fr idoys, Off ices or. Io< oted in room 11 7. Bloke Ho ll . on the Re velle Ca mpus For 
Adv. rl i. ing phon. H3 · 2000 , X 1017; fo , ed ilo, iol 0' n .... ' phon. XIOI6. 

SAT NIGHT 
JESSIE DAVIS 

AND 

DAN HICKS AND 
HIS HOT LICKS 

AT 
THE GYM 

8PM 

TICKETS AVAILABLE 
UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 

AND 
AT THE DOOR 

PRESENTED BY ASUCSD AND 
THE CAMPUS PROGRAM BOARD 

Friday. April 30. 1971 Triton Times Page 6 



POSSIBILITIES 
Rock Concert 

Tomorrow Night 
As an apt conclusion to 

Mayday and the Rites of 
Spring, the AS Program Board 
is sponsoring an unusual 
concert, featuring Dan Hicks 
and His Hot Licks and Jesse 
Davis. Hicks and His Licks are 
a five member band with two 
girl singers, lwin violins, a wild 
bass, all together producing a 
" wry bundle of country-
western, 40's harmony and a 
little rock 'n' roiL" 

Jesse Davis, a guitarist who 
has played with Eric Clapton, 
Leon Russell and Taj Mahal, is 
now gigging on his own. 

The concert is tomorrow 
night at 8:30 in the gym. The 
Urey Hall Box Or£jce has 
tickets on sale, priced at $1 for 
UCSD students, $2.50 for other 
college students, and $3 for the 
general public . 

Camus Play at 
Old Globe 

Albert Camus' "Caligula" is 
the final Old Globe Theatre 
production of the current 
season . Seventeen 
performances are scheduled 
from April 29 through May 16 
nightly except Monday at the 

Cassius Carter Centre Stage in 
Balboa Park. 

Roman emperor Caligula 
(37-41 A.D.) imposed his 
interpretation of "truth" on his 
subjects by ruthless 
extermination of all critical of 
his decisions. Unfaithful to 
mankind through fidelity only 
to himself, Caligula represents 
playwright Camus' theory-that 
one cannot destroy everything 
without destroying oneself. 

Students through college may 
purchase tickets to "Caligula" 
at $1.50 for all performances 
except Saturday evening. The 
reduced price tickets are a 40 
per cent savings off the regular 
ticket price. 

Keaton Festival 
Raymond Rohauer's festival 

of the films of Buster Keaton 
will be presented by the 
Unicorn Cinema in La Jolla for 
20 days, April 28 through May 
17. The entire festival consists 
of 10 features and 21 short 
films, which will be presented 
in rotation as individual 
programs of one feature and 
two or three shorts. 

The films , made between 
1917 and 1927, represent the 
very best of Keaton's work as 
an actor and director, and 
many must be considered 
masterpieces of silent film . 
Keaton was only 22 when he 

made "Tbe Butcher Boy" with 
Fatty Arbuckle in 1917, but by 
the time he made "Steamboat 
Bill Jr," in 1927, he had 
elevated his own style of 
physical comedy to an art and 
his own genius was rivaled only 
by Charlie Chaplin. 

For a schedule of dates and 
films , call the Unicorn at 459-
4343. 

IKE & TINA 
On Sunday, May 9 at 8 p.m. 

the Community Concourse 
Convention Hall will rock with 
the sounds of the Ike & Tina 
Turner Revue. Appearing on 
the same show will be John Lee 
Hooker. 

The Ike & Tina Turner Revue 
is an uncomparable show which 
has been setting fires under 
audiences since rock 'n' roll 
began. The show features the 
Ike-ettes, three young ladies 
singing today 's popular hits and 
also backing Tina Turner. Ike 
Turner usually stays in the 
background, butcomesthrough 
with timely guitar solos which 
merit their own attention. The 
real star of the show is Tina 
Turner who sings and dances 
rock 'n' roll. and rhythm and 
blues. Her performance puts 
the audiences in a wild frenzy 
by encouraging them to rock 
along with her. 

Tickets are $4 upstairs, $4 

downstairs in advance and $5 
downstairs at the door. Tickets 
are available at all Highlander 
Stores, Metro Ticket Agencies 
and the Civic Theater Box 
Office (23H510). 

"Ribbons in Space" 
Sculpture by David 

Herschler and Melvin Schuler 
and an untitled photographic 
suite by Joe Goode will be the 
new offerings at the La Jolla 
Museum of Contemporary Art 
from May 1 through June 6. 

Herschler's constructions, 
generally labelled "Ribbons in 
Space," are one-inch bands of 
stainless steel, twisted and 
wound into curves and spirals. 
Most are mounted on a base; a 
few, suspended from the 
ceiling, move slowly with the 
light air currents in a room. 

Melvin Schuler's work is 
done in richly grained wood, 
predominantly black walnut. 
Hewn from large timbers, the 
sculptures are made of beams, 
blocks and carved undulations 
of wood, which may be 
composed vertically, 
horizontally or suspended in 
steel "Cages. " 

The photographic works in 
Joe Goode's exhibition were 
created by an unusual process. 
3" x 6" photographs of clouds 
were placed, collage fashion , 
on a white wall. Dry ice was 

,t._ 'It:s Graduation TlDle" 
~I\. 

H<ITELS LE 5ARON HOTEL 
in, brouti~ Mt5510N VALlEY 

• 5P€CIP.L DISCOUNT FAM1LY PAC}{A6E PLAN DES1GNED 
FOR RELATlVE5 OF GRAOUAT1NG STUDENTS: 

motOR-HOTEL EXECUI1V€ TOWeR 
SINGLE f 11.50 SINGLE ~13.50 
DOUBLE 13.50 DOUBLE 15.50 
'TWIN DOUBLE 14.50 TWIN DOUBLE 16.50 
SUirE 22.00 SUIfE 32.50 

• 400 LUXURIOUSLY FURNIS~ED ROOMS WI,H 
OVERSIZED eEDS. 

• THREE EXCEL.L.ENT RESTAURANT I=ACILITIES I=OR 
FASi CONVENieNT SERVICE. 

• EXCI,ING FAS~ION VALLEY SHOPPING CENTER 
AI OUR BACK DOOR. 
F=OR RE:SE:RVAIIONS, PL.EASE CAL..L. (714) 291·1777 OR 
RETURN THe: BOHOM PORTION TO Us, 

~E BARON HOl E::L. 
250 1-l0TEI.. CIRClE: NOQTH 
SAN DieGO, CAL-IF. 9ZIIO 

R~15TI<A.TlON ReQUESt . 
OR(';ANIZAiION ______________________ _ 

NAME 

ADDRESS CliY STATf. __ _ 
A~~IVAL- DATE DEPARTURE DATE _______ _ 
__ SINGLE $ DOUSlE: $ _____ _ 
__ TWIN $ SUITE. ~ _____ _ 

IF YOU PLAN fO ARRIVE AFTER 4:00 P.M., DEPOsrf EQUAL. fO FIRST NIGl-tfS LODGING IS REQUIRED 

P_ge 6 Triton Tima Fr"", April 30, 1971 

then placed at the wall 's base, 
the vapors, rising in fronl of the 
flat surface, creating another 
dimension . Goode then 
photographed the wall, using a 
variety of color filters on his 
photoflood lights. The resulting 
prints were produced by a 
photo-offset process using four 
color separations. This exhibit 
has been shown throughout 
Europe and was included in a 
recent exhibition , " Nine 
Portfolios," at the Museum of 
Modern Art in New York. This 
will be the first West Coast 
showing. 

A free public gallery tour by 
a member of lhe museum's 
Education Department will be 
given Sunday, May 2, at 2 p.m . 

"Ecology of 
the Skin" 

David Rosenboom 
composer , performer , 
conductor and physicist - will 
present a concert designed to 
show how human brain waves 
can be used to play music on an 
electronic system, today at 
UCSD. The concert , entitled 
"Ecology of the Skin," is at 12 
noon in 409 MC and is sponsored 
by the UCSD Musici)epartment. 

"Ecology of the Skin" is an 
outgrowth of Rosenboom 's 
research in neurophysics and 
biofeedback systems done at 

the State University of New 
York. 

At York University 
Rosenboom has been working 
with students testing his theory 
that people can control the type 
of brain waves they emit, and 
hence their psychophysical 
states or moods. He connects 
electrodes 10 the skin of their 
heads and feeds the impulses 
they emit into a computer he 
designed and built. 

Violin Soloist 
Brilliant young Los Angeles 

violinist Barry Sacher will 
appear in a concert sponsored 
by the UCSD Music 
Department on Saturday, May 
1, at 8:30 p.m. Accompanied by 
pianist June Lusk Nelson, he 
will perform sonatas by Mozart 
and Brahms, the "Poeme" by 
Chausson, and Ravel ' s 
"Tzigane. " Admission is free 
and the performance will take 
place in 409 MC. 

Socher, a student of Eudice 
Shapiro at the University of 
Southern California, is 
currently a member of the 
Glendale Symphony, the Young 
Musicians' Foundation Debut 
Orchestra, the Fresno 
Philharmonic, and the USC 
Symphony, He has performed 
as soloist with numerous other 
orchestras in southern 
California. 

All SU WMUD TO LIFE ... 
AND WASN'T AFRAID TO TRY! 

C.IOVS 1IW \) E 
IJECOND ~E~iUR.E fOR. ~WN'VPS ONI..Y' I. 

"SANDS OF 

View From 
The Roek 

Rocky Halfan 
Sports Editor 

As a joke, someone asked me yesterday how the elections 
would affect the sports scene at UCSD. I answered that the 
elections were just that, a joke, but that as an ex-poli sci major 
I could forsee some deep repercussions arising from the 
present elections If picked that up from Walter Cronkite 's 
"campaign 70" - When in doubt, bullshit .) 

[n any case, it has been my keen observation that this year, 
more so than at any previous time, a moderate, if not a 
downright flag waving conservative, has a good chance to win 
the election. With candidates like Kaufman and Keating doing 
well so far , I have concluded (rom their temporary strength 
that the middle and right sectors of our school are reacting by 
voting whiplash to whal has happened to the previous AS. 

This conservative trend would seem to uphold a new look on 

Volleyball: 
A Net Loss 
We worked hard, and we 

played well all year, but we got 
to Texas, and we just couldn 't 
put it together. This was the 

few hours later, the TRITONS 
met Church College of Hawaii, 
a team which the coach 
described as the best volleyball 
team I've seen play all year, 
and I've seen UCLA and Santa 
Barbara play." The TRITONS 

'dropped two more to the 
Hawaiians. 

problem in a nutshell for UCSD was now (H but still 
volleyball coach Chuck game. Now they met George 
Millenbaugh whose defending Williams, from Illinois. Again 
champion TRITONS had to the TRITONS dropped two, 
settle for a 5th place in the after this Indiana Tech and two 
NAIA finals . more losses. The team was now 

The TRITONS who went up 0-8 and it was after 5 o'clock . 
with high hopes of repeating The team couldn't believe 
last year's victory, were it-the passes, sets and hits 
stunned in their first game were okay, but they weren' t as 
against Graceland. Leading in sharp as they knew they could 
the beginning with a score of ........... . 13-6, the TRITONS lost 15-13. !II 
This was to set the pattern for I I 

campus. Girls are dr~ssing-up a bit m"re, so are guys, and 
their .frequency of datmg has gone up (so have burglaries, but 
that IS another story) . What this is all leading to is but one 
thIDg, t~e conclusion that this school is pushing strongly for 
apple pie and motherhood . And what goes better with that than 
here it comes - football . ' 

I've said it. Yes football , for two years a dead institution at 
UCSD, but now about to be resurrected by major support from 
the student body. Can you see it? Saturday or Sunday sitting at 
the bleachers and watching Triton football? It wouldn't be the 
best in the world, but it would be entertaining. Here are a few 
thoughts on the subject : 
. UCSD ~ad a football team in '68. The team wasn 't great , but· 
It was enjoyable to watch. It had a definite place at UCSD . But, 
because of the size of the school, and the terribly innovative 
mood on campus, football was quietly done away with. Now 
that the school has grown, and some not - so - involved kids 
have infiltrated the campus, a new bi~th is at hand . There are 
no real reasons for not having a football team . It wouldn 't cost 
the school a cent, ~or the players would continue to play on a 
nonscholarshlp baSIS. As for the uniforms, we have enough of 
those from '68 to field the best looking team in San Diego 

Anyway why not have one? We have drama for drama 
students, chorus for singers. why not have football for red-
blooded Americans. I'm sure Keating and Kaufman would both 
stand on their platform and applaud such a move. As for Diddo 
Clark, well it took her 19 years to lose her virgi ni ty. and once 
she did, she couldn 't see why he waited so long. Football has 
only been removed for two years but I'm sure Diddo wouldn 't 
want to vacillate again . ' 

Well so much for politics. It seems that football is a pretty 
safe issue, and anyway if it does go throu gh, it just might be as 
entertaining as watching the AS. 

be. 
Finally, at 6:30, they played 

Dallas and won. At least the 
ream members could go home 
to their hotel with a win under 
their belts. The next morning 
the TRITONS again played 
Dallas, and again they beat 
them, final record 4-8. [n the 
end the TRITONS were given 

an award- the team with the 
longest hair- not exactly first 
place, but... 

ft goes without saying that 
the team was disappointed, 
that is an understatement, but 
as Mohammed Ali said, in 
defeat there is humility. Next 
year the team will be hungrier 
and maybe luckier. 

.. ---.. _ .. ------..... -_ ... __ ... _--, 

DEADLINE EXTENDED 
ELECTION CONTEST 

Extension of our Win·A·Pizzo (ontest 

• The cio5est 6 
entries win an 
e)(t ro large 
pizza 

Name ____ _ 
Address ____ _ 
No. of Votes __ 

the rest of that day as the I L.A. to LONDON I 
UCSD team dropped two to I return from Amsterdam I • Turn in to T,iton Time. office by 5 p.m. today 
Graceland. I I· II • •••• .. •• _ •• __ ..... _--••• 

At this poinl, Millenbaugh IJ .... ·1$/ 50"'13 $2"1 I***************************: 
points out that the spirit of the p ..... 28/ 50 ... 1 $2"1 * * 
team was still , but then a (OF IJ ..... 25/ .... 26 $26,1 * FEE HUT : 

1 .... 26/50"'26 $2,,1 : WEEKEND VV A I tKlStlJ~ 
KING SIZE 7.b $40.00 

WITH liNER 
JUMBO 7x 9 $5000 

WITH liNER 

Is.p,.2 ClMW."o'm. $1361 * *** *** # 
II ,m .... ;., •• >kk .. ,"O I~ oJ;""" .. ~.Im london .. 1 * * 

TIIAvi" Sn, taAth."IS52.80, toSomboySl50, 1 * FRI MARCO & DAVID * 1 :'~O!t.:I:'~'o l .... diKOUnh on , .... ond 1 *. * 

Recreation 
Monday, May 3rd is the deadline for contacting Sandy Rokop, 

ext. 2195 , to go on the pack trip on horseback to Cuyamaca 
State P~r~ . The club plans to camp Friday and Saturday 
mghts, ndlng 5 hours Saturday into the Cuyamaca mountains 
and riding out on Sunday. The trip will be led by Glenn Skulley, 
a government packer who has taken an interest in the UCSD 
Club. For anyone interested , with riding experience, call Sandy 
Rokop at the above extension for further information. 

Eight recreation clubs will sponsor game booths a t the May I 
R~naissance Carnival. These will include Fencing, Tennis, 
Skin /Scuba Dlvmg, Gymnastics and Snow Skiing, Water Ski , 
an? Syn~hronized Swim Club. The clubs will set up games and 
pnzes Will be given out for the participants. 

Starting at 1 there will be athletic contests at the carnival 
sponsored by the Recrea tion Dept. for prizes. These contests 
Will be coed and include the following : 

1. Three legged race 
2. Tug of war 
3. Sack race 
4. Bicycle race 
5. Wheel barrel race 
6. Walking race 
7. Piggy back race 

Prizes will be given to the winners of these contests and 
everyone is encouraged to participate. 

THE JOINT 

llNBER6REJllNBS1 
_..x"'_--.cr,~1'uP.PAYMIO""GH7"! ~ __ 

* * GETTING .,.. .,.. 
* HIGH .,.. 

ON THE WINGS OF LOVE 

~ 
, AM JOA.QU I N 

1201 8Y GEORGE BALLiS NolO LUIS VALDE l 
0" fL. TEATAC) CAM'E$:NO 

WIr\Mr _ F." t PUt. - Mottl .. .,. ~ ll.r\ll F"!lvlli , 1;10 

~. ~~:no..r!"::~~ltI"t~::f t;~~ :.~~ b=~I~lll=';II':i 
eatl • 

SCRUM DRUM SCR.MBLEO ACE 
I~) BY RlCHAFr:> PLOTlKE l it! ev qoeE~T NlFSlJO 

HOT VOODOO 
" wIT,", "."KENE DIETRICH ANO C.t,RY ~ANT 

FLYI.' DOW. TO RIO 
fj l WITI-I FRED 4.Sr.4 IRE AND GIPIGlR ROGERS 

'UlS GOAE. ANO 'AEEN GREEN GUSS 
I~~'! BY CH[T i(t,.OCK ",,",0 I(ENT P400IE DENVER 

WIRE BUTTERFLY BIRO PEOPLE 
,J /;f'&8Y t.ll~E COLLIER t ~ 1 By ERI C THIEIWot,NN (111 BY "OEIEFI T Io4Ir:SUO 
. r WINNERS·F.&'-iOIICFILM FESTIVAL! 

r WHERE DID IT ALL COME FROM' WHERE IS IT ALL GOI NG' 
BV VICTOR F"ACCINTO .5 A.CR"ME""TO 

ANY SIZE OR SHAPE 
MADE TO ORDER 

5YR UNCONDillONA l 

Ic .... "'. 0.. Ion.lo, (213)271.5200 .. "9'1 ** 9 12 PM ** 1 :!.!~~H~,:'''T'_oI . 9175 Son •• Mon;~ 1"1 * - * FREE RECORDS from ~~~~\\\t 
1---------------------1 * SAT. CH I N A : 110- .. --------------------1 : 9-12 PM - * THEG~~2:C ~ ~ )S9~TEST! 
I Qr.--------------------I : : 

GUARANTH 

LIQUID LO Vf 
3435 UNIVERSITY 

***************************_ ... _-.... ~5(~A~~l;ro 1--_ .... rwMW--MMWW~~~~~~~ __ ~ ~--~~-------===~==~ __ ~ 
... motherloves 

281-l0VF 791-9489 i 

'SATURDAY FILMS 
PRESENT 

BERGMAN'S 

MAGICIAN 
PLUS 

KUROSAWA'S 

RAIHOMON 
USB 2722 7:30/10:30 

TICKETS AVAILABLE AT THE UREY HAll 
BOX OFFICE AND AT THE DOOR 

Send her a Big Hug 
bouquet, ond send it 

early. Make Mother's 
Day lost a little longer. 

Call or visit on FTD 
florist today. He'll toke 
it from there. Deliyered 
almost anywhere in the 

country. A special 
gift. At 0 special 

price. For a special 
mother. Yours. 

iu l1nlla 
&4nrts 
hktt' 

US9 AYebldl DE LA PLAYA 

Phone 459 - ~5 

Gro,.ri.s, 
'r.~.(., 

t I 
Wi •• & ••• , 

Fridav, April 30, 1971 Triton Time. P_ge 7 



FRIDAY, April 30 
LECTURES Noon, Revelle 
Plaza, UCSD Programming 
Board presents John 
Vasconcellos, Assemblyman. 

3 p.m., Revelle Informal 
Lounge , Prof. Jeffrey 
Barnouw , " Schiller in 
Response to Fichte and the 
French Revolution." 
MEETING- 6-8 p.m ., N. 
Balcony of Gym, Etude de 
Ballet. 
CONCERT- noon, 409 MC, 

'~cology of the Skin," 
Demonstration- Performance 
presented by the Music Dept. 
Free. 
UNIVERSITY FOLK 
DANClNG-8-12 :30, 201 MC. 
FlLM- 7:30 and 10:20 p.m., 
UCSD Gym, Friday Night 
Flicks, "Wizard of Oz 50 cents. 
SYMPOSIUM-8 p.m. , Revelle 
Cafeteria, Tom Hayden and 
other speakers ; sponsored by 
the Committee to Free All 
Political Prisoners 
SATURDAY, May 1 
VIGIL-ll-12, in front of the La 
Jolla Post Office, Silent 
Saturday Vigil sponsored by 
the La Jolla Friends. 
CONCERTS- 8:30 p.m., Gym, 
Jesse Davis, Dan Hicks and His 
Hot Licks, UCSD students $1. 

8 : 30 p . m ., 409 MC , 
"Tzigane," concert of violin 
works. 
PLAY-8 p.m., 2D 1330, "The 
Crucible." 
FILM-7:30 and 10 :30 p.m. , 
USB 2722, Saturday Movies ; 
" Rashomon " and " The 
Magician." 
SPECIAL EVENTS- ll a .m., 
UCSD Soccer Field west of the 

gym, Renaissance Carnival 
sponsored by the Rite-of-Spring 
Association. 

3 p.m., just south of Scripps 
Pier, International Club Beach 
Party; Bring your own meat 
and drink ; everything else 
provided. 
SUNDAY, May 2 
CONCERT-8 p.m., 409 MC, 
" Rediscovery I," Violin 
Concert. 
PLAY- 8 p.m ., 20 1330, "The 
Crucible." 
FILM-7 p.m., USB 2722, 
Sunday Cinema, Eisenstein : 
" Potempkin." 
MONDAY, May 3 
MEETINGS-ll-l p.m., 2D 
1305 , Triton Wargaming 
Society. 

6:30-8 :30 p.m., S. balcony of 
gym, Gymnastics Club. 

7:30 p.m., Blake Lower 
Lounge, mandatory meeting, 
Committee to Free All 
Political Prisoners. 
POETRY READING- 8:30 
p.m., Art Gallerv, reading and 
theater presentation of his own 
works by Emmet Williams. 
LECTURES- 2 p.m., Revelle 
Informal Lounge, Prof. Michel 
Certeau, S. J . from Paris 
Vincennes Vniv. and visiting 
professor at UC Berkeley, will 
talk on " The Historical 
Understanding." 

7-9 : 45 p . m ., Sumner 
Auditorium, SlO, Dr. Rodolfo 
Ruibal , "How to Live in the 
Desert. " One in a UCSD 
Extension Series " The 
Southern California Scene: The 
Desert. " tickets on sale at 
door. 

C nsider 
th 
s urce 

The first 
malt liquor 
good enough 
to be called 
BUfM1EISER. 

Pege 8 Triton Tim •• Friday, April 30. 1971 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Tune your heads into KSDT 

for far-reaching sounds- jazz, 
rock , country, special 
programs, information on 
school happenings! 

Student Directories are still 
available at the Edna Office, 
MC250. 

Muir Seniors- A list of all 
seniors who have declared 
their candidacy for Spring or 
Summer '71 has been posted in 
the Muir Provost's Office. 
Please contact Maxine Johnson 
in the Provost's Office to 
confirm your plans for 
graduation. Any deletions or 
additions to the list must be 
made by May 7. 

Revelle Seniors-A list of 
1971 Spring and Summer 
graduating seniors is now 
posted on the bulletin board 
outside the Provost's Office. 
Please check to make sure 
your name is on it. If it is not 
and you wish to graduate file a 
card with the office before May 
6. 

The deadline for submitting 
petitions requesting permission 
to transfer from other UCSD 
colleges into Muir College, 
effective next Fall , is 4 p.m., 
on Friday, May 14. 

Today is the last day to turn 
in applications to the PE 
Office for athletic contests for 
Rites of Spring. 

Sign-ups are from May 3 to 
May 5 for intramural sports : 
Men 's Squash, Volleyball-2 
man : Women 's Table Tennis 
and Men 's and Women's Golf 
and Fencing. 

Jobs 
Male ltuclenh part/full time, $3 
hr. plUI scholarship. Call 224-
2864. til 
AMBITIOUS MEN of an tradel, 
north to AWKA and YUKON, 
around $2100 a month. For 
complete informotlon write to 
JOB IESIAICH, P.O. lox 161, 
Stn. A, Toronto, Onto Enclose $3 
tocovorCOIt. (~) 
NEEDED modoll for exotic 
cOitumel and body ornamentl 
for Ihow in lat. May. Contact 
Visual Arts. Xl995. (5-7) 

Housing 
Hom. for sale. 

Spanilh houll .xcel. 
condo Ready for occupancy. 
Fireplace, hardwood floor 3 
bedroom, den dining room Lot 
75' x 140' on Torrer Pintl Rd. La 
Jolla. $55,000. Cal 459-5552. 

(5-4) 
HOUSE-SITTING. SDSC woman 
faculty momber and husband 
need accommodationl June thru 
Augult. W. have no children or 
pets but will care for yours. Call 
488-7922 after 6 p.m. (4-27) 

§AI 0 
NII.BfRl4 

~ ~ur!JQ9ir;> 
HOW _N FOR W[[K[NO RETREATS 

VOGA - MEDITATION - IHAJANS 
Teut., C,lIfo,,'" Oft thl M •• kln border 

.t th. foot 0' Mt . CUC.""M. 
$10 ..... pono. ,._0IId. U_lh. 

dl,Klloo .f I .... 0..1 ... !llello'" Bock . 
c,n Slthy. Sal labe Clftter 'or 1"'o",,,tlO". 
rtMn.tlOftS ,nd directions 213471·501 , 

y ..... It _ fy 
IInlUGl & therapeutic 

WATERBEDS 
~ ~ fo~ ~o\ ~ ""1'+" 

AIR fRAM E 
KING $5500 
SIZE 
.... lthfvl. • ...... , SI .. , 

The Waterbole 
....... 

110-2611 

'Davis Camera 
STUDlNTDI~ 

7717 r.y 459-7355 

cLASslFIEDs 
Intorviowi"l people for now 
ltudio ,.ntah for tho fall quarter 
in Del Mar. Furnished $125.00 
mo. Write lox I, 1027 FoIcIspar 
St. Pacific Ioach, SD 92109. 

(5-11) 
loommate wanted for Pacific 
8tach houll with Iwimmi"l 
pool. 272-1923. (4-27) 

Travel 
EUROPE: $225-$280. Allo 
ISRAEL and JAPAN Spring and 
Summer flights available call 
755-3990 after 5 p.m., or writ. 
E.S.E.P. -UCSD 1217 Beverly 
Blvd., Los ~lel, Calif. (5/11) 
EXPEDITION TO CENTRAL 
AMERICA ADVENTUROUS 
OVERLAND JOURNEY TO 
PANAMA AND PHOTOGRAPHIC 
SURVEY OF MAYAN RUINS AND 
CONTEMPORARY UFE IN THE 
YUCATAN AND NORTHERN 
GUATEMALA. DEPAITS JUNE 
8th AND SEPT. 14th. DETAILS: 
DOKA EXPEDITIONS INC., 2329 
SACRAMENTO, SUITE 1, SAN 
FRANOSCO. 94115 (4-30) 
Europe Jet Chart.r Flightl. 
Spring Special. March 30 thru 
June 15 - $261. PlUI full 
summer program. Coli Leslie 
582-9098 after 5. (R) 
Europe charte,.. 50 Departures, 
also from N.Y. Africa, India, 
Israel. 60 per cent Off. Fr" info: 
EASC, 323 N. Beverly Dr., 
Beverly Hilll, Calif., 90210. 
Phone: (213) 276-6293. (5/11) 

CHEAPEST 
JETS TO EUROPE FROM LA AND 
NY. IMMEDIATE ISSUANQ IN-
TNL. STUDENT I.D. CARD & 
TICKETING 2000 INTRA-
EUIOPEAN/ ASIAN/ AFRICAN 
CHARTERS, EURAILPASSES. CAl 
PUICHASE AIS RIGHTS No. 
105, 9056 SANTA MONICA, L.A. 
90069TEL274-1742 (5/28) 

UNI~"'~ mtr.Nii 
LOS ANGELES/LONDON/LOS ANGELES 

Depart Return Week. COlt 

1 June 15---Au9 15 9 $275 
2 June 19---Aug 15 8 $275 
3 June 24---Aug 22 9 $275 
4 June 24---Sep 5 11 $275 
5' June 27---Sep 13 12 $275 

• LA/London/Amlterda .. 
July 1 ---Sep 3 9 $275 
Aug 17---Sep 19 4 $268 
Sap 5 ---Oct 3 4 $258 

ONE WAY nICHTS TO EUROPE 

2£ June 14--LA/London $148 
2C July 26-- LA/London $139 
3E Aug 19--LA/Hadrid/Frank $135 
4E Sep 6 --LA/London $123 
5E Sep 12--LA/London $123 

ONE WAY PLIGHTS FROM EUROPE 

IN June 14--Amlterd.";LA $139 
2W Aug 8 --London/ LA $139 
3W Sep 16--London/LA $148 

STUDENT 10 CARDS 
Rail Passes 

Available only to Unlverlity of 
Cali fornia Itudent., faculty, 
employee., exten.ion and Alumni 
Member. p1u. immediate famili ... 

UNI~'~ ~VJ-#:8 
1007 Broxton Avenue 
Los Angele 90024 

TELE: 477-ll11 or 473- 4443 

EUIOPI/ISIAB./EAST AFIICA 
One way and round trip ltudent 
travel dltcounh. SOFA .... nt for 
over 2000 inter-Europ.an 
Itudent charter fIIghh . 
CONTACT: ISCA 11617 San 
Vincente Blvd., No.4, LA. 
Calif., 90049. TEL: (213) 126-
5669. (6-4) 
EUIOPI CHARTERS. Sowrol 
SChedUle1 from $250 roundtrip, 
$150 oneway. Coordinator: 
ProfellOf Margaret Paol, 247 
Roycroft Long 8tach 90103 213-
438-2179. (5-28) 

Services 
DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 

t 

Service on Schedule. Modest 
lot... Satisfaction is tho end 
product. Holen 459-1888 (I) 
Typing - for accurat. Typing on 
electric pica - term papers, 
tholll, monuscriph, .tc. Coil 

M,.. McCrosicey 287-1607. (I) 
II Your Auto Sick or Tired 

Try Jam .. Automotiv. Service 
American and For.ign Cors 
lepai,. and Pollution Cantrol. 
Student Discount 7748 Hershel 
La Jolla (in tho rear) 459-9181(1) 
Typing ... Experienced typist. .. 
Term pape,., the .. l. Eleetric 
typewriter. Will do rUlh jobs. 
453-6835. (I) 
LEAINTOFlY 
FLIGHT INSTIUCTION FOI 
PIIVATE COMMERICAl, 
INSTRUMENT, AND 
MULTlENGfNE RATINGS. (AU 
BUZZ 418-0272 (4/ 30) 

Personals 
MACIEMAY, STITCHERY, 
NEEDLEPOINT Clalill ond 
suppliel. 5721 La Jolla Blvd. (In 
Florence'l Pary Shop) 454-1512. 

(5.41 
For Sale 

'63 Valiant , ex . cond o 
$500 / trode for good 
microscope. N.w tires, 23 m.p.g. 
755-7579. (5-4) 
Seymour would be driving 0 
1960 Hillman Minx if he hadn't 
shot him .. H. Now you can own 
one too. Call 418-6605. (4-30) 
'67 Mustang Fastback .xcel. 
condo gr"n, 390 COBRA, .ng. 4 
barrel good year ralley mags 
41,000 milel. Call 453-0254 
after 6 p.m. (5.4) 
WATER BEDS TranllUlCenl 
Guaranteed to infinity. Wide 
llleetion, IhapeS and silll: 
6'x7' King Size $34.50. Twinaize 
$29.50. Call 298-9539. (5-1) 
Claricon AM/ FM Sterea RlCliver 
70W $120 or best offer. Larry, 
453-8614 Argo 452 or 453-
8529 Argo 652. (5-4) 
1966 Mustang V8 power Itg 
convertible .xcellent condition 
$980-Ext. 1813 or 755-8234, 

(4-30) 
'64 Pontiac GTO Conv. 389 cu. 
in 4-speed. Excellent condo 
$600.00. Call Jim at 755.6551 
aft.r 6 p.m. (5.14) 

SUMMER SESSION HOUSING 

ummer housin will he availahle for T DENT 
working, doin g re arch or attending ummer 

ssion . Appli ation. mu ' h in the Housing Office, 
250 ~atlhew . ampus, by J line 1, 1971. For further 
information call t 2021 

NOll VZINV~.O 11~O.d-NON 


