
. 

tritori ti 
Vo'um. 12, Number 18 University of (a'ifornia, San Diego 

Communications Department 
ProposaJ Goes To Chancellor 

frank Phillips 
Staff Writer . 

UCSD may soon have an academic 
department concerned with giving students an 
opportunity to critically analyze information 
and the effectiveness of various forms of 
communications media. A proposal to give 
permanent departmental status to Third 
College 's communications program is now 
awa iting approval from Acting Chancellor 
Herbert York. 

es 
Frillay, Marcb S, 1971 

The communications program, which 
presently consists of one three-course lower 
division sequence and three upper division 
courses,)s headed by Dr. Herbert Schiller, who 
like the program itself is new to UCSD this 
year . Schiller, assisted by Dr. Anthony Wilden, 
is developing a core program with the hope that 
approval will be given to form a department so 
that " full time instructors competent in the 
fie ld of communications can be hired." 

The communications program has not been 
without critics. One of the most vocal has been 
Sociol~gy Professor Jack Douglas. Douglas, 
who IS opposed to creating a separa te 
communications department, contends that the 
types of courses being offered belong in junior 
colleges. Douglas said that communications 
courses are inherently vocational. The sociolo-
gist pointed out that other departments are 
already doing work in the field of communica-
tions. As an example he said that Aaron 
Cicourel and Kenneth Jennings of the Sociology 

Department are specialists in the sociology of ~~~~~~~;;;~~:~::== communications. Douglas said that approval of 
a communications department would be a -
"subversion of the master plan for higher 
education. " 

Confrontations Avoided 
Communications program director Schiller 

complained that critics of the program have 
never come to him with their objections, and if 
they did " we could probably set their minds at 
ease about what we are trying to accomplish." 
Schiller said that with the "enormous amount of 
information being generated it is a necessity for 
people to have some knowledge about how to 
screen out unimportant items and how to 

evalu~te the accuracy of information." Any 
voc~tJOnal aspects of the program, according to 
Schiller, are incidental to the real purpose of 
communications courses as they are being 
developed here. He said that he looks for a 
program having a mixture of operationalism 
and analysis. The program will attempt to be 
"operationalist without being vocational and 
analytic without being too esoteric." 

Revelle Provost Paul Saltman addressing about 500 students at the Revelle College general 

"Opportunity to Explore" 
The basic lower-division communications 

sequence is a required course for graduation 
from Third College. According to the course 
description the student will be provided with the 
"opportunity to explore diverse aspects of the 
communicatio{ls process and to develop their 
basic communications skill , including speaking, 
reading and writing." Schiller said that the 
program relies heavily on experimentation and 
student participation. He cited the many 
possible areas of exploration including media 
analysis, creative writing, television, video tape 
and film production, poetry and writing 
analysis, and art as forms of communication. 

UCS"O"Gmets $1 9 ,000 
For Undergrad Education 

Robert Miller 
Stal/ Writer 

Schiller, who was formerly of the Institute of 
Communications Research at the University of 
Illinois, told the TRITON TIMES that he was 
impressed with the large number of students 
from Muir and Revelle Colleges who have 
shown interest in the course offerings. He said 
that approximately two-thirds of the students 
enrolled in his upper division course dealing 
with the dynamics of mass communications are 
from Muir and Revelle. 

A spokesman for the chancellor said that 
discussions will be necessary with the campus 
budget committee before any decision can be 
made in regards to a permanent department of 
communications. Schiller said the experimental 
nature of the program "demands the interest 
and participation of students if it is to 

c.on~inu~." Schiller said that " we are very 
hml~ed 10 ~hat v:e can do until we get necessary 
fUn?lOg which Will only be available if approval 
IS given for a department. " 

UCSD has received $19 ,000 
from a UC program which is 
expressly designed to improve 
undergraduatee education . 
According to Revelle Provost 
Paul Saltman, " Despite the 
small amount, this is the first 
time that there has been a 
commitment from the Uni-
versity of California to improve 
undergraduate education. " 

Each UC campus received a 
proportionate amount of money 
which was determined by the 
undergraduate population on 
the individual campu : The 
money came from the Regents' 

Saltman Speech 

State of (ollege: 'In a Certa in Sense Blea k' 
Mally Selvin 

Associate City Editor 

Revelle College was treated to another charismatic appear-
ance of its provost, Paul Saltman, Wednesday. Saltman's 
speech, billed as the State of the College address, was 
delivered to a large-percentage of the college's approximately 
2100 students at the Revelle College Meeting held in the gym 
during the noon hour. 

After admitting to nervousness about speaking to such a 
large group, a statement which drew surprised giggles from 
many in the audience, Saltman voiced determination to 
maintain the uniqueness and excellence of the Revelle 
program in the face of a bleak financial future . 

" The state (of the college) is in a certain sense very bleak , ,. 
he said . He commented that " the greate t danger to the 
university today i the governor and the legisla ture of thi 
state ." a statement which wa met with a fervent round of 
applause, smiles and "right ons" by his people. Saltman feels 
that Revelle College and UCSD in general cannot maintain the 
Class A rating for undergraduate education it was given by the 
American Council on Education this year. without sufficient 
fu nds. And he said that the governor. through his budget cut-
backs, hC\d indicated that he does not care whether UCSD 
remains Class A or drops a notch to CIa s B. 

Mucb Less Money 
With characteristic casualness he went on to define the 

severity of the budget cuts. Next year UCSD will have 10 per 
cent more students. he said, 10 per cent less state support 
money and an additional loss of 6 per cent due to inrtation, 
making a grand total of 26 per cent less money. 

Saltman went on to discuss three possible alternatives to the 
grading procedures for the college under discussion by the 
facu lty . One alter~tive would permit students to drop any 
class they have up until the last day (classes may now be 
dropped through the sixth week) . A second would permit 
students to change a class from a grade to a pass or not pass 
system or viCtt-versa until the last day. Under the third 

proposal , al 0 called the Temmer plan. the onl grade 
appearing on a tudent's transcript ~ould be A, Band C; D's 
and F's would only be available to the Provost's Office for 
coun eling purposes. Saltman indicated that each of these 
plans would present problem such as a redefinition of the 
number of credits required toward graduation and the 
redefinition of a "chronological" freshman , sophomore, etc. 
Saltman continually stated that he i seeking student opinion on 
these proposals before any definite decisions are made. 

Fritzi Muir of the Revelle College Government spoke on 
plans for tudent lounges after Dr . Saltman had fini hed and 
ca ually strode out of the gym amid applau e. Revelle College 
now has four unused buildings which it will move to the wood 
north of Bonner Hall to establish a student lounge and craft 
center. Miss Muir asked for help in 'l ll areas such as carpentry, 
painting and decorating when the building are moved in about 
six weeks. All the work on the building will be done by th 
students. 

Fund Progressing 
Vice Chancellor and Dean of Student Affairs George Murphy 

was the final speaker at the meeting. Murphy explained the 
progress of the student cen ter fund and plans for con truction. 
From the $6 per quarter that student pay toward eventual 
construction of a campus-wide student center, a total of $70,000 
has been collected thus far . However , con truction of the 
proposed center complex will co t between one and one and a 
half million dollars. The plan calls for between 16 and 18 small 
one- and two-story buildings to be built on a 14-acre ite 
between Muir and Matthews Campuses. The center complex 
will be expected to serve 9-10,000 students. The buildings will 
be interspersed between the eucalyptus trees to create a 
wooded setting with several mall building rather than one 
dominating concrete structure. 

The easternmost part of the complex will be the inter- • 
national student center. Construction will begin on this building 
in about a month. The international center will be built entirely 
with gift money and will not use any of the student center 
funds. The center is primarily to erve foreign students study-
ing at UCSD, and domestic students who have studied abroad. 

Undergraduate Instruction 
Improvement Grants . At 
UCSD, the Council on Under-
graduate Affairs will be the 
advisory group for Chancellor 
York concerning the allocation 
of the funds . 

Saltman emphasized that 
programs at UCSD designed to 
improve undergraduate educa-
tion will hopefully be of a 
"catalytic" nature which will 
" lift up" the educational 
process as much as is possible 
for the undergraduates. 

Saltman cited the writer 's 
workshop and the innovative 
environment in the Humanities 
Annex as examples of the type 
of program he ha in mind for 
receiving the money. 

A ub-committee of the 
Committee on Undergraduate 
Affairs is working on teacher 
evaluation. The proce of 
arriving at a valid method for 
obtaining functional proce-
dures for evaluating teacher 
effectivenes i their pre ent 
ta k. Saltman feel thi 
program i an integral element 
in any program attempting to 
Improve undergraduate educa-
tion . " It i so crucial to think 
out way to make the faculty 
better , as undergraduate 
education will improve with the 

increased effectiveness of the 
teachers, II he explained. 

Saltman expressed a desire 
to initiate other programs 
designed to improve under-
graduate education which will 
be, in his words, "constructive, 
upbeat and providing maxi-
mum impact. ,. 

This funding received from 
UC is evidence of a recent 
national trend towards 
improving undergraduate 
education. At pre ent, the split 
in enrollment is about 80 per 
cent undergraduate and 20 per 
cent graduate. Four years ago , 
it wa about an even ratio , 
Cited altman. 

He feel that thi i a 
" potentially destructIve" 
situation. Saltman said that 
thi dangerou situatIOn could 
occur becau e faculty 
memb rs at most colleges have 
previou ly been lected under 
cri teria more conducive to 
re arch , publishing. graduate 
tudent advi ement and peer 

recognition. in tead of for 
und r raduate teaching 

C 0 , said altman. i 
umque since the role of the 
college provo t IS largely 
responsible for selecting 

(Continued on page 2) 

About Z5 UCSD Regeats' Sc'olars attended a reception beld in 
tbeir bonor at University Hou e last Tuesday. Tbe Regents ' 
Scbolar bip opera tes state-wid and permits each campu to 
sele< t candidates OD tbe ba is of academic ability and acbieve-
ment . TIlls year 11 D~W ·ItulMf were e\ ' led bete OUt of 
about Z50 applicants. Tbe appohltment last two or fOUf ear 
dependiDg OD wbeD tbey are selected. Thev cbolar ill 
fiDaacialaeed are liven appropriate Uaancill aid. Tile 4k!ulliH 
for applytnl for fiaaDcialald for aext year I Marcil 15. 

. , 



for Cancer Research 
Eight grants for cancer research totaling $312,536 have been 

awarded to scientists at UCSD by the American Cancer 
Society, a Society spokesman announced yesterday. 

Of 32 scientists throughout California funded by this year's 
ACS grants, seven are at UCSD. More individual grants were 
made to UCSD this year than to any other California 
institution, and in total dollar value UCSD's awards were 
exceeded only by the gross amount awarded to researchers at 
UC San Francisco. 

The two largest UCSD grants went to Dr. John . Abelson, 
assistant professor of chemistry, who received $97,000 for a 
five-year project, and Dr. Douglas Smith, assistant professor 
of biology, who was awarded $91 ,000. Abelson's research will 
seek to clarify " the basic mechanisms in the control of gene 
activity." Smith will pursue "studies on duplication and 
regulation of genetic material." 

Dr. Averill A. Liebow, professor of pathology and chairman 
of the School of Medicine's Department of Pathology, received 
$40,757 for research in electron microscopy and cell structure 
of human tumors. 

In addition , four postdoctoral fellows in UCSD's department 
of biology received awards. They were Dr. Walter J . Desmond, 
Dr. F. Marion Hulett, Dr. John W. Kappler , and Dr. Brian 
Burns O'Brien. 

Elhnopoelicist wilJ'Read Tonight 
Professor Jerome Rothenberg, nationally known poet and 

translator who will teach here next quarter, will give a reading 
tonight. See Arts Possibilities, page 6, for time and place. 

Rothenberg has done extensive work in translating Navajo 
and Seneca poetry and is founder of the journal of ethnopoetics, 
AlcberiDga. He is also editor of an anthology of American 
Indian poetry. 

Students $1.50 (exc. Sat. Eve.) 
HAY FEVER 

Noel Coward's unpredictable (Dmedy of a fun-loving family enioy-
ing lif. in the free-spirited 1920's. 
12 SO (Tu ••.• WM .. llIur. wn, h ••. ) 12.00 (Sw", Mot. NO¥. 151 • 
$3.00 ,F" , ' Sot. Eve •. ) $1.50 Sf ... . thrv cell. ' (" lilted Mil. lie, S.t. h .. 

•• ,... ,,,t c=centre stage ........ 
.... 

239·2255 
oflof _ 

Don't Dally 
this Friday & Saturday 

THE MUIR ALLEY 
AT THE NEW IMPROVED COFFEE HUT 

H f'.fiOU r('(Ij u 11I (l .~ 
p. \('halo/l\. lJ et"(,nJirJll 
, «C U I". "hilowph, 
dlilti re,, ·.c buolt·\ 
1,,.,,,,,1. po()tr, 
d. /i,lI, 
jin 

EARTH.SONG 
BOOK STORE 

l .S. &. Forei," 
poperback. 

ma~n:;tI" 
pOHe r ( 
reC'ord. 

cordI 

1440 Com no del Mar Del Mar 155-4254 

ERTRAM TURET KY 
soloist 

La Jolla Civic Orchestra 
Morch 7th - 3 and 8 p.m. 

Sherwood Hall , La Jolla 
uc D students free. 

Plge 2 Triton Times March 5, 1971 

Rothenberg is giving a seminar Spring Quarter (Lit-En. 
190) on Monday_s and Wednesdays. 4:00-5 ' 20 2101 2A. The 
course will deal with ethnopoetics (oral -tribal poetry and its 
extensions and analogs) in the contemporary poetry scene. The 
Lit Department describes the course as "essentially a 
workshop in experimental poetics that explores the application 
of ethnographic data to the search for new styles of life and-{)r 
art in the contemporary world." Rothenberg hopes to attract 
both graduate and undergraduates students from a wide range 
of disciplines, particularly music, anthropology, drama and 
linguistics. 

DA Won't Bust OD's 

Teacher to Talk On Cultural 
Revolution in China 

Ann Tompkins, recently returned from Communist China , 
will speak tonight at 8:30 in the Revelle . Cafeteria . An 
American citizen raised and educated in California. she went 
to China in 1965 to offer her services as a teacher and social 
worker 

It was during this stay that the Great Proletarian Cultural 
Revolution occurred. Miss Tompkins considers her 
participation in this event "her greatest education." 

Where Were You Creeps? 

Rose DeCosta 
Stofl Writer 

A " no bust" policy for 
emergency drug patients has 
been formulated by the District 
Attorney's Office and the law 
enforcement agencies of San 
Diego County . 

Upon the requests of 
hospitals, physicians, psychia-
trists , and volunteer groups, 
District Attorney Edwin L. 
Miller Jr . issued the policy 
effective as of Feb. 17 , 1971. 

Under the newly developed 
resolution persons suffering 
from a drug or alcohol over-
dose will not be arrested while 
seeki ng emergency treatment 
at authorized emergency 
clinics. This policy holds only 
for persons not violating any 
laws other than being under the 
influence of intoxicating drugs 
or liquor. 

In addition , hospitals and 
other authorized emergency 

clinics are not required to 
report persons seeking imme-
diate aid , nor will these centers 
be subjected to general 
observation by law officials 
seeking to apprehend narcotics 
users. 

Though there are no legal 
requirements to do SQ, emer-
gency facilities are advised to 
report any suicide attempts 
and crimes which take place 
within the clinics. 

According to Peter C. 
Lehman of the D.A. 's Office, 
the "no bust" policy was 
adopted so as to " remove the 
fear that persons, particularly 
you ng persons, have that they 
would be subject to arrest if 
they sought help for their 
condition. " 

All law enforceme nt 
agencies are presently 
observing the " no bust " 
procedure, and according to 
UCSD police chief Torrens , his 
department will do likewise. 

About 10 times as many people turned out to watch a 
Volkswagen burn on Torrey Pines Road near the gym 
yesterday as came to the TRITON TIMES "gripe session," in 
the Informal Lounge the night before. As a matter of fact , if 
the complaint meeting is an accurate indicator 98.93 percent of 
the UCSD academic community is completely satisfied with its 
campus newspaper. You see, whereas the TRITON TIMES 
staff turned out en masse, from Editor-in-Chief to staff 
writers, prepared to explain their outrageous views on drugs, 
sex, race and the Revolution , only two people showed up to 
listen! 

Undergrad Money ... 

Grossmont Center 

...................... 

you .aw " Oft fy 
sensual & therapeutic 

WATERBEDS 
~1~O ~ 

",\ o~ 
,\ 

fa" f,()~'t() 
41R FI/ ·/It ES 

KING $5500 
SIZE 
H..lthful, ... 11.1 51 .. , 

The Waterhole 
Ph.n. 4212 
210-2611 I I Col... ,,",. 
..••.•.......••.•.•••... 

Davis Camera 
STUDENT DISCOUNTS 

7717 F.y 459-7355 

Mission Valley 
Center 

THE WOR LD's FOREIotOS ' 

HyphOfisl 
HAS SOMETHING 

ES~[C IALLY NICE 
FOR YOU ON 
THURSDAY NIGHTS 

RESERVATIONS 
REOUESTED ... 
..... 223 '8122 

(Continued from page 1) 
faculty members who are 
cogni zant of their dual 
responsibility to both under-
graduate and graduate educa-
tion . " The thrust here is to the 
Jndergraduates, and it has paid 
off for the students, " stated 
Sallman. 

Recent figures show the 
undergraduate transfer rate at 
UCSD to be the lowest of any of 

J Z!7rt1i1io~ 
2sc;BEER 
entertainment 

nightly 
Silverado & Fay 

La Jolla 

...... ~A~ ....... A'I DINNER ........ 7.00 
--"'MENU~-- SHOW TlME ... 9 '00 

l'llIIotE IIIIOI"NEII __ .U5 __ ~'REL. __ -
C.ttI, ,,,.,, Cut ric; 

JulOllo S~'i,", 01 ... ,_. 3.45 POSr'SHOW SE:SSI,Of/ 
F, i.d C~ itkt. 0; •• ,,_ . 145 STO~ SWO'UNO·MEMOIIY · 

WEIGHT "EDUCTION, 
CONCENT"ATION' lEV· 
CONFIDENCE ' ---(DUc;ATIONAL 

SUOtESTIONS 

the UC campuses, with a 15 per 
cent turnover rate. Berkeley 
ranks as the highest, with a 25 
per cent transfer ra teo 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
lor services 
Tues. thru Sat. 

233 - 8328 

YACHTING 
SUMMER' 
POSITIONS 
The American Yachting Associa-
tion with listings on the East 
Coast, West Coast, Gulf Area, 
and the Great Lakes is soliciting 
for summer crew applicants . 

Positions are available for 
experienced as well as inexperi. 
enced male and female college 
students and grad uates. Experi. 
ence in cooking and child care 
may be particularly helpful. 

Crewing a ffords one the ;0 
opportunity to earn reasonable 
sums wh ile engaged in pleasant 
outdoor activity. 

To a pply type a 1 page 
resume following as closely as 
possible the form shown below. 
I n April your resume will be 
edited, printed and sent to 
approximately 1500-2500 
(depending on are~) large craft 
owners. 
" RESUME FORM.l. (1) name, 
address (home and school), 
phone number, age; (2) relevant 
work or recreational experience; 
(3) dates available and area(s); 
(4) 2 or more students wish ing 
to work together, state name of 
otner part ies; (5) other informa-
tioh. 

Send your resume with $6 
processing fet to: 

American Yachting Associatio 
Suite 503, 8730 Sunset Blvd 
los AngelC), Caiifornia 900~ 

Your resume mliSl be receiv4d 
I~tef thiln March 26, 1971. 

Mary Avery Requests 
Hearing on Termination 

loh" Zoller 
Stoll Writer 

Mary Avery has requested a formal grievance hearing 
before the Personnel Appeals Committee in connection with 
her termination as Academic Assistant to the Muir Provost. 
The object of the appeal, she said, " is to maintain my employ-
ment at UCSD." 

Miss Avery was notified of her termination on February I by 
Muir Provost John Stewart. The grievance hearing is tenta-
tively scheduled for early next quarter . 

Studen ts protesting the termination have gathered over 800 
signatures on two petitions,. One of them reads in part, "We 
believe that John Stewart has acted against the best interests 
of John Muir College in (firing I Mary Avery." On Wednesday 
Vicki Culp , one of the students who organized in protest, filed 
730 of these signatures at the Chancellor"s office. She also 
turned in 35 personal letters which were gathered at a table set 
up in front of Muir cafeteria . 

Provost Stewart's office , contacted by the TIMES, reported 
that it had also received letters from eight students protesting 
the termination , plus eight other letters- three from faculty 
and five from staff- which "support" the termination. 
Besides the packet turned in by Miss Culp, the Chancellor"s 
office reported that it has received two letters from students, 
both protesting the termination. 

There are 1867 students enrolled at Muir this quarter. 
" J don 't think any number of signatures could get Mary 

Avery reinstated," said Vicki Culp, ··but I do feel that this 
demonstrated support should help her find another job at UCSD 
that suits her interests." 

The signatures on the various petitions were double-checked 
by Miss Culp to insure against multiple signings : they were 
also sent in duplicate for presentation before the grievance 
committee. 

The hearing itse lf will probably last about a day , according 
to Dale Cobb, UCSD Personnel Manager. The committee will 
hear testimony and make a recommendation to the Chancellor. 

The committee might recommend , for example, that Miss 
Avery be kept as an academic counselor in the Provost"s. 
reporting not to Stewart himself , but to the new assistant 
provost. Or it might suggest another job opening elsewhere on 
campus for which Miss Avery is qualified . 

"The Chancellor would have to act on the recommendation 
within ten days ," said Cobb. ··He could uphold , overrule, or 
compromise Stewart's decision." 

Miss Avery, while emphasizing that her fir st preferance 
would be to remain at Muir College in a counseling capacity, 
stated that, ··My main object in asking for these hearings is to · 
maintain my employment at UCSD. I feel this can be achieved 
if the true facts are known .'· She said she expects the findings 
of the grievance committee to be made public. 

Stewart, meanwhile, said he has been advised not to 
comment further on the Avery termination until the 
grievance hearing . He has, however, gone ahead with paper-
work for creating the new assistant provost position. Although 
Stewart does have someone in mind for that post, no official 
action can be taken until the position is approved at Berkeley. 

LONE RANGER Pt. 1 (30) /BATHROOM BALLET (5) 
WITH TONTO ON DRUMS 

LOVE AMONG THE CHRISTIANS (ft) I ANASTENARIA ( .. ) 
HEARTS AND ARROWS (I) I THIS IS IT! (25) 

WHAT FORMS BREATHE MANKIND (3) I LAW" MOWER (3) 
PDIB .AR'J'S ..... __ ... 
1818 GARNET STREE I 774-4000 

If 
,.. •• ;'1 .... 104 ill ... , ... ,d .. 

WI .. 04 0 ,..,.. '". 
,.., liM, 0001 _ ,.... .... 1. ~rHII 

..... 11" ... ... 
No phon. (ails 

Stop it and s •• John 

PAC)r.C 
YAMA"'A 

1111 •• r •• ' 'Y' 
.,111, 'ltell ....... . 

Parents, Graa Students Developing 
'Model School' on Matthews Campus 

Jell Graham 
Stoff Writer 

There are no ninth-year seniors at 
UCSD, but someday there may be. A 
group of graduate students, faculty , 
staff members and others have 
established an experimental elementary 
school at Matthews campus. The school , 
called the Pepper Canyon school , is an 
entirely private venture of concerned 

. parents taking an active part in their 
chi ldrens' education. The children 
enrolled are of ages 8-13; the project 
will last four years. 

Philosophy T. A. Doug Davis, a group 
member, explained that the school 
originated as the result of severe 
criticisms the parents had of public 
education, and of their discovery that 
there were several successful private 
schools around San Diego. 

Convenience was only one of the 
reasons the school was located on 
campus. On campus, the UCSD 
Learning Committee, as the group calls 
itself, "could receive both criticism and 
advice from some of the most 
competent people in the world." The' 
Committee plans to use the opportunity 
"to show students on campus that there 
is an alternative form of education to 
the one that they have probably 
experienced" and " to encourage their 
interest in propagating this form of 
education." 

Sometbing WroDg in Public Scbools 
"The public schools are doing 

something devastatingly wrong! " Davis 
emphasized. The Learning Committee 
plans to develope a model form of the 
school here, then help start others in San 
Diego, wherever parents want one. In 
the meantime, dialogue is developing 
with parents and teachers of the public 
schools. Doug said the outside showed a 
"very positive response." 

The most important innovation is a 
form of education that allows the child a 
free choice to work at whatever 
interests him. "The projects grow outof 
the childrens ' own interests and 

CATCH US! 

motivations, and teachers serve as 
resource people to assist the children in 
finding out what they want to know," 
Davis summarized . 

In practice, it · has been found that 
groups of children with similar interests 
spontaneously come together to learn . 
Examples of group special interests are 
geology, mathematics, oceanography 
and Indian culture. Field trips, such as a 
tour of a geological institute , are 
sometimes taken. 

ot all of the learning is communal, 
however. Many of the children do 
individual projects, or spend bours 
reading in the library. A basic part of 
the educational philosophy is to let each 
child develope at his own rate. 
Young CbildreD Imitate Older Cbildren 

"You see a ten-year-old showing the 
five- and six-year-olds how to do 
something,·' Davis related. He pointed 
out that young children often imitate an 
older child where they will not imitate 
lIn adult. For instance, a six-year-old 
cannot identify at all with an adult 
constructing an electric motor, whereas 
if an older child builds the motor. the 
six-year-old can anticipate himself 
doing it. 

Doug reports that the creativity and 
the enthusiasm of the students is 
startling. The aquarium was stocked by 
the older kids from the La Jolla tide 
pools; one group has started a mouse-
breeding program to study heredity ; it 
is not unusual for the younger math 
students to ask the teachers for long 
division problems . .. 

The Pepper Canyon school is currently 
facing a crisis because of construction 
regulations. UCSD architectural and 
legal consultants declared the existing 
buildings to be structurally inadequate. 
The original edifice was a concrete 
bunker used for ammunition storage. 
Since it was too small, the group, with 
an immense amount of labor and a great 
deal of cost, added a large sideways 
extension. Now the extension may have 
to be torn down. The University is 

demanding that the building, if it is 
rebuilt, be constructed by profession 
contractors. Such a job would cost 
around $15,000, a sum the group could 
not possibly raise. 

The School Will Go On 
Doug stated that , whatever happens, 

the school will somehow go on. He said 
the school is "so much better than the 
public schools, 1 just can't see sending 
my kids back to them, and I think most 
of the parents feel the same way. " 

The school ha s managed to overcome 
extreme difficulties before. A recent 
ultimatum from the University forced 
the committee to install flush toilets and 
sinks at the school. The nearest water 
supply is 300 feet away, and the 
necessary steel pipe costs about $1.20 
per foot. The group managed to find pipe 
in good shape lying unused in the ground 
at a nearby marine base. The group re-
threaded it, bought filtings , laid the 
pipe by hand , and managed to install the 
toilets ahead of the deadline. 

The Learning Committee also had 
difficulty getting permission to use the 
land and the facilities . The President's 
office decided that the Committee was 
not exactly a regular student 
organization , and needed special 
permission from the Regents. In the 
meantime, the project has been given 
special permission to continue, rent-
free . 

When asked if the Committee accepts 
donations, Doug replied that it does not 
solicit them, but that it has accepted 
about $150 cash and about $3,000 in 
materials . The operating cost of the 
school is about $1 ,000 per .nonth, which 
the committee members can meet 
themselves. 

The school is located in a gulch on 
Matthews campus, east of the wooden 
dorms. Anyone interested might go over 
and take a look at it sometime during his 
recess period. 

Reagan Reassures County Taxpayers 

... Before It's 
too late. 

Governor Ronald Reagan 
sent the following telegram to 
chairmen of the boards of 
supervisors in every California 
county on March 2: 

may know. my administ. .. tion 
ha assured representa tives of 
the Coun ty Su pervisors 
Association of thi s fact in 
di cussing our reform program 
with them. As a matter of fact. 
most countie will be able to 
effect actual savings. particu-
larly in the larger counties. if 
th legi lature approves this 
program ... 1 would appreciate 
your comments on ou r proposal 
once you have had the oppor-
tunity to review our program .. 

HONDA 'CARS 

For Free 
Home Demo ... 
Call anylime at 
272 S511 

$139500 

Pacific Honda-1269 Garnel 

" I want to personally a sure 
yo u and the people of your 
county that rumors to the 
effect that my welfare and 
Medi-Cal reform program will 
increase the burden on county 
taxpayers are without any 
founda lion whatsoever. A you 

~~A[L[L ~ct~~ 
With Rod Stewart, 

Kenny Jones, Ronnie lane, 
Ian Mclagen & Ron Wood 

Aln 

A~O 
Special Guest Artist 
~~'1(J)lJ Ul~~~t-l 

featuring Kim Simmonds 
Sal Diego InterutiOlYI Sports THURS. AlIN4 I_II 7:30 P M 

TI KET ~4 0 I DVM" [ 5 ()() DI\Y or flU .. 
TI CI([ T AILABLt 1 

All n"~<r Inn;. B,II G.mhle" Mon., ~Ior., . 
lenl,.1 TIC~fI grne,e;. POri Aren. Tllk.l Oll,co. 

ull 224 4176 lor 1'(~.I'n/o'nwlion 

March 5, 1971 Triton Times Plge 3 



triton tilUes 
Univenity of Califomil. SIn O. 

1I Jolil. Califomil 92037 
(7141 453-2000, .xt. 1016. Advertising .xl 1017 

Haywood Gammon. Editor-in-Chief Jeff Fried, Business Manager 

The eeli..,ial ••• pr.1Ied below ar. appro"eeI by the TIlTON TIMES Editorial Board. All other opinion. 
•• pro.1OCI on this page or. those of the author. whoM namo. appoor in lhe bylinos, and do nol 
_._ily reflecl lhe vieWI of the TRITON TIMES. Anyone deliri", 10 IUbmil maloriallo be publilhed in 
IhillOdion lhould .nd illo lho Edilorial DirlKlor, TRITON TIMES, 117I1a~. Hall, UCSD. 

Vote! Vote! Vote! 
Today is the final day for the AS 

referendum. Two of the resolutions 
present issues of importance and 
students should use the opportunity to 
give their oppinions. 

Should the University continue or 
sever its present relationship with the 
atomic research laboratories at Los 
Alamos and Livermore? For us this 
issue is clearcut. The basic function of 
the laboratories is the design, 
development, and testing of nuclear 
weapons. This puts the direction of the 
laboratories under the military 
branches of government and fosters a 
need for secrecy and political con-
formity. 

Weapons development simply is not 
compatible with the educational 
functions of the University . The 
shallow argument of those in favor of 
continuing the present relationsh ip 
was probably best brought out by its 
proponents in Tuesday's TR ITON 
TIMES. We feel the University should 
sever its relationship with the atomic 
research laboratories and admit its 
inability to "humanize''' atomic 
weapons development. 

The second issue deals with the NSA 
peace treaty. It presents a plan for 
getting out of Vietnam, NOW. Is there 
really any doubt that this, in one way 
or another, is what the ma jority of 
Americans want? 

Nearly anyone will admit regretting 
the American involvement in Indo 
China. Yet President Nixon has 
stubbornly refused to rectify this 
"mi stake. " In fact, in his quest for a 
military victory he has shown a con-
trary willingness to expand, to further 
commit American military power, and 
thereby to prolong the war, whatever 
the cost in Asian and American lives . 
The NSA peace treaty, which is later to 
be presented to the American public, 
provides an excellent opportunity to 

put the pressure of public opinion on 
the President. Whatever its short-
comings the treaty provides for· the 
safe return of American troops and 
prisoners of war and returns the fate of 
Vietnam to the Vietnamese. This is all 
that matters . 

The third issue of the referendum 
deals with stipends or salaries for AS 
officers. Frankly we don't believe this 
"issue" is an issue at all. And we 
question the ethics and motives of 
those who have dragged it up. It ap· 
pears to be nothing more than political 
sensationalism by those who are out 
and would like to be in (like in this 
Spring's AS elections) . 

There is a leaflet being circulated by 
the opposition to AS officers "getting 
ri chIt on student money. It is entitled 
" Vote 'No' on AS Salaries" and 
propagandizes against the "big 
salaries" which the AS voted itself. 
Three thousand dollars IS a lot of 
money. It breaks down to a whole $10 a 
week with which AS Commissioners 
can wine and dine. 

Exorbitant salaries is a possibility to 
guard against but it has not nearly 
been reached by the AS stipends. Any 
study will sh(lw the present salaries 
are tokens in relation to the amount of 
work put in. The opposition claims it 
isn't against the principle of salaries, 
yet, cutting them from their present 
level can mean little else. But then, as 
brought out by the conservative 
campus publication, we, the editors of 
the TRITON TIMES, are prejudiced 
since we rip off students for equally 
"exorbitant" salaries. 

As a determination of student 
opinion the referendum is meaningless 
without a large vote. So, if you are 
reading this between classes, in the 
library, while eating lunch, or waiting 
for the prof in 2722, run out and vote, 
NOW. 

triton tiIlles 
Edilor-in-Chier . . lIa\ wood Ga mmon 
Cily Edilor .... ... : arl :'. eibtlr/ler 
Managing Edilor . .. ... \Ii!.. c Kla~e r 
Co py Edilor . . .. ... Chu('k Graham 
8u ine Manager . ..... . J rr Fri ed 
EdilorialDireclor .. Raoul Co nlreras 
A ~ocia l e Cily Edilor ... O"cn JOIne r 

\l o ll ~ Sc " in 
ArlS Edil r . . ... ... . Tern Bara!" 

porls Ed l<lr ... . . .. H or !.. ~ · lIall'o n 
Pholograph, EllilOr .... John Zaller 

News Deportment 
Rose De Costo 
Rod Lorang 
Robert Miller 
John Zoller 
Ed Boyle 
Juliono Cinque 
Bobbie Fink 
Bru<o Morden 
Frank Phillip. 
Cliff POlt 
Kathy Ru.t 
iSorboro Simon 
lell Grohom 
Don Gfeene 
Mike Robe", 
Paul T eyssier 
Rancy 8reece 

Contributors 
Steve landau 
Jim Sills 
Arts Deportment 
Tom Beer 
Joy G,lIette 
Lorry John.on 
Sorgun Tont 
Ken Bornes 
Come Rickey 
",'iJts 
Sarah McKenna 
Allo n Sekula 

Photogrophy 
Jan Fronek 
MOM Hinton 
Advertising 
Deporlment 
Mark Trilling 
Susan Code. 
Molly Selvin 
SecrttorialStoH 
Steve Cohen 
Sh.,lo Calhoun 

George SOloni Copy Depo,Iment 
Au't Monaging Ed. Debbie Monlgomery 
Joe Eo.tern Gleno Schroeter 
Camy Shorick 
Production 
Dove Buchbinder 

The TRITOr I TIMES IS off ICia lly recognlud ond .upported o. 0 .tudent ne""poper by lhe Communicalion. Boord 
of the U", ' enity of Ca l, fornIa , Son Diego, BUilding 2.50, Mattnews Campus, La Jolla, Cal ifornlo 92037 , Publ.cahon 
i. twICe w •• 'd~ M ' ..... rlny. o~d fndoy.l OffICe. ore located in room 117, Bloke HolI, on the Revelle Compu. For 
Adverr iSl " ) phone 433 · 2000 , XIOI/ , fa • • Jno d"I"" •• " 'phaneXIOI6. 

Page 4 Triton Times March 5, 1971 

Opinion 

International Women's Day Monday 
Margaret Rossoff 

Monday. March 8, is International Women's 
Day. For sixty years, this day has been set aside 
to commemorate the struggles of women. The 
holiday was inspired by the demonstrations and 
strikes held by women on the Lower East Side 
in New York in the early 1900's, organizing to 
end sweat shops and child labor in the garment 
industry. 

against women employees ; furthermore, the 
University is under an "affirmative obligation" 
to upgrade the status of women on campus. 
Women who have been underpaid in a 
discriminatory fashion may be eligible for back 
pay dating to October 13, 1968. 

The most memorable celebration, so far , 
occurred in Petrograd in 1917. On February 23, 
the date of International Women's Day that 
year, 90,000 women textile workers struck to 
protest the bread lines. Men joined them and the 
Russian Revolution was launched. 

WLF, together with the San Diego chapter of 
NOW , encourages women on campus to 
consider their experiences working for and 
studying at the University and to come discuss 
these experiences with other women. Tables 
will be set up at noon on Tuesday and Thursday 
at Muir Commons West 'Dining Room and on 
Wednesday and Friday at Matthews Campus 
snack bar. Unlike Mother's Day, International Women 's Day recognized women as full human beings 

and fighters for freedom , not in the single role 
of mother. And unlike Mother 's Day it is 
celebrated-not with breakfast in bed, a 
temporary break from routine housework-but 
with an intensification of the campaign for the 
full liberation of all people. 

The Women's Liberation Front at UCSD has 
chosen this week to focus attention on the 
situation of women on campus . A federal 
executive order prohibiting sex discrimation by 
government contractors-as well as state 
legislation-is applicable to the University of 
California, and a charge has already been filed 
against UC by the Women 's Equity Action 
League. The Universi ty 's federal contracts are 
in danger if it can be shown to discriminate 

UCSD Women's Liberation, which last year 
organized the child care center that is now 
functioning on Matthews Campus, is dedicated 
to improving the conditions of women , at UCSD 
and elsewhere. In addition to fighting for 
concrete institutional changes, the group is 
involved in educating people about the problems 
of women, which cannot be solved by piecemeal 
reforms. In small groups, women compare their 
personal lives and discover the political 
significance of apparently unique experiences. 
Women 's Liberation Front meets weekly to 
coordinate these projects. Interested women 
are invited to come to the pumphouse, 
Matthews Campus 610 (near the radiO station) , 
on Sunday mornings at 11 : 00. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
Answer to Simms 
Editor: 

This letter is written in 
an~wer to Paul Simms' 
comments on my article in 
Dimension. 1 don't intend to 
answer his arguments as such, 
because he said nothing 
relevant to the points I raised ; 
but ) think it desirable to 
correct some of his 
misapprehensions, whether 
accidental or deliberate, of 
what my position is. 

First, Simms argues tha t 
American whites have thought 
in terms of racial collectivism. 
His point seems to be that 
black racism is justified by 
white racism. I can 't see thala 
policy blatantly evil when 
Adolf follows it is made moral 
when Eldridge follows it ; but, 
in any case, 1 never suggested 
that white Americans were 
either non·racist or in favor of 
free enterprise, and , in fact , I 
pointed out that black racism 
results from the collectivism of 
American culture in general. 

I feel no liking for Middle 
America ; insofar as 1 have a 
political goal, it is to see it 
vanish into the dead past. 1 
simply regar<\ it as mistaken to 
fight it by its own tactics ; 
that 's what got us into our 
present mess. True. blacks 
have mostly sacrificed 
themselves for their race ; 
that 's part of the same ideology 
of duty that 's used to justify the 
Vietnam war and so on. 

Simms is quite right about 
my being afraid if blacks and 
chicanos took over power . 
Whoever creates fascism in 
this country, I expect it to try 
to crew me - especially if irs 
run by people who share 
Si mms' barbaric fantasies of 
punishment and rev nge . 
Would anybody in hi s right 
mind not be frightened by the 
insan spectacle of hundreds of 
power·freaks engaged In mass 
ga ng warfare on the basis of 
racist and nationali t myths? 

Last, Simm accuses me o[ 
ca lling him a dirty communist. 

othing was farther from my 
mind ; I thought (!veryone knew 
that . ational Socialist 
Workers' was the name under 
which Hitler 's followers took 
over Germany. And peace-
lovingness is not an attribute I 
would ever connect with 

Middle America . That culture 
has been suppressing free men 
by force since the Constitution 
was foisted on it ; I simply find 
it regrettable that Simms and 
his fellow neo·Nazis should 
wish to join in the same old 
game. 

Freedom in our time. 

William H. Stoddard 

Budget Cuts 
Dear Professor Elliott: 

We have been informed that 
Mrs. Helen Weil might not be 
rehired next year . While recent 
University budget cuts have 
forced the release of many 
faculty members, we feel that 
the loss of Mrs. Weil would be a 
serious detriment to bOth the 
Language and Literature 
Departments , and mor e 
importantly , to the students. 

Mrs. Weil is responsible [or 
constructing and maintaining 
the undergraduate Russian 
literature program at UCSD . 
During this time she has 
developed and sponsored the 
Russian Club, providing a 
center of cultural exchange 
between her students and 
native Russian speakers. She 
has shown great imagination 
and creativity in organizing 

classes. This year she has 
offered two parallel courses in 
Russian literature, covering 
the same texts in two 
languages with a common 
lecture period but separate 
discussion sections. She is 
going to lead a Russian 
Language Institute and 
Practicum this summer at 
UCSD and has plans to head a 
study tour of Russia in .1972. 

To us , Mrs . Weil 
encompasses the ideals of the 
educational process. She has 
shown more interest and 
enthusiasm towards her 
students' progress than most 
other educators with whom we 
have dealt. While we realize 
that she hasn 't yet earned her 
PhD, we feel that she possesses 
the knowledge and teaching \ 
ability that should ultimately 
be the criteria for an educator. 

We urge you to retain Mrs. 
Helen Wei! on the UCSD. 
faculty . 

Sincerely. 

Joel Goodman 
Keitb Cbrisman 

Lisa Seibel 

All those wishing to sign this 
letter may sign a copy posted in 
H.L. l058. 

• 

1 

YOUR WISH-•.. Isms CO 

... And you can't say that about too many of history's great monarchs. When British subjects 
begged for representation, Richard the Third screamed "Off with their heads!" 

When French peasants asked for bread, Marie Antoinette snickered "Let them eat cake!" 
When Americans demanded independence, King George snivelled "Up their taxes!" 
But, when beer lovers everywhere asked for 

KING SNEDLEY'S BEER IN BOTTLES, the good 
King replied .. '.'You want'em ... you got 'em!" That's 
why everyone cheers "Long live the king!" 

Not only has KING SNEDLEY put his great 
beer in nifty bottles, he's put his beer in FOUR 
DIFFERENT BOTTLES! There's A KING SNEDLEY 
BEER BOTTLE ... A QUEEN LUCLEE BOTTLE ... 
A PRINCESS FATOONA BOTTLE, and last and 
certainly least, A WEAKLING PRINCE STAN 
BOTTLE! 

Enjoy a bottled ,Snedley at your favorite pub, 
inn or coachhouse, and tell the populace: "THE 
SNEDLEYS ARE IN A GLASS BY THEMSELVES!" 

Mlrch S, 1971 Triton Times Page S 



Center' ariew 
"Artistic Creativity-Strong as Ever" 

Lorry Johnson 
A,'s W,ile, 

POSSIBILITIES 
Great JTlusical talent is about all that Michael Rabin and 

Lorin Hollander seem to have in common. It isn't just that they 
play different instruments. Faithful readers may recall that 
pianist Hollander, recently appearing with the San Diego 
Symphony, felt that artistic creativity was at a low ebb 
because the balance between structure and free expression 
was upset. He stated that restrictions on expression stifled 
creativity. 

Michael Rabin, the young virtuoso violinist who recently 
appeared with the Symphony, strongly disagreed. While we are 
between peaks of great musical syntheses, artistic creativity is 
seen by him as being as strong as ever it was. Furthermore, 
artistic creativity would be endangered if the balance were to 
swing further away from structure. 

Whatever their philosophic difference , both men are 
excellent examples of artistic creallvity on the part of the 
"younger-wave" musicians. Rabin treated us to a rendition of 
Bruch's "Scottish Fantasy for Violin and Orchestra," 
achieving a clarity of tone and intensity of interpretation 
which, when coupled with technical precision , provided a most 
excellent moment. While Rabin is somewhat awkward on 
stage, he is all grace with the violin . Unfortunately , the 
orchestra did not give him the most adequate of support, at 
times lapsing into certain irregularities of pitch and tempo. 
The effect, however, was not sufficiently severe to seriously 
detract. Too bad he .played only the one piece. After hearing 
from Rabin , I wonder why it is not played more-perhaps 
because there are not more Rabins. I would add that though the 
piece was composed with a thoroughly Germanic conception, it 
was quite recognizably based on Scottish folk tunes. 

"Studies for Orchestra" by the Hungarian-American 
composer Eugen Zador was carried off pretty well . The studies 
are light and delightful, and the orchestra was quite equal to it. 
Personally ( didn 't care for some of the violin effects the 
composer called for , but on the whole the rarely performed 
piece was a pleasant experience. 

Rounding out the evening was Mendelssohn 's "Symphony 
NO. 3 in A Minor" '''Scottish'') which , unlike the "Fantasy," is 
Scottish only in the artist's inspiration. This bit of German 
Romanticism was handled not only competently but with zest 
and spirit by conductor and orchestra. Among the purely 
orchestral performances, this was one of the season 's 
highlights. 

I 

Sybil Goldman as Dame witb 
Stevenson as General Gulf von Lardenau (left) ud Ray Turner 
as Count Agnoustopoulos von Wolfenstein (center) to marry 
ber own stepdaugbter to tbe Count in a scene from THE NEW 
BLACK CROOK, a parody tbat opens at tbe Back Door, San 
Diego State Aztec Center coffee bouse, Marcb 4. Tbe musical 
comedy produced by tbe New Heritage Tbeater will bave an 
eigbt-day run Marcb 4-7 and 11-14. Curtain : 8:00 p.m . Tickets 
on sale at the Aztec Center box office. 

Art in Medicine 
"Art In Medicine" will be 

discussed at an illustrated 
lecture at the UCSD School of 
Medicine, Monday, March 8. 
Dr . Helmuth Nathan, 
Professor of Surgery and 
History of Medicine at the 
Albert Einstein -College of 
Medicine in New York, will 
present the lecture at 8 p.m. in 
room 1105 of the Basic Science 
Building on the Matthews 
Campus. 

Dr. Nathan, who specializes 
in pen and ink sketches and 
sculpture, has received more 
than 30 gold medals for his art 
from the American Medical 
Association . He has also 
created a stained glass window 
for a medical school in New 
York. 

The general public as well as 
faculty and staff are invited to 
the admission· free lecture 
which Dr . Nathan will 
illustrate with slides of great 
paintings. 

"Ethnopoetics, " 
Readings 

Poet Jerome Rothenberg, 
deeply involved with the poetry 
of the · American Indian, will 
give a reading at 8:30 p.m., 
Friday, March 5, in the UCSD 
Art Gallery , located on 
Matthews Campus . The 
reading is [r~e and open to the 
public. 

Rothenberg has accepted 
appointment as Regents ' 
Professor in the Department of 
Literature at UCSD for the 
Spring Quarter and will teach a 
course in tribal poetries under 
the title of " Ethnopoetics." In 
the course he will explore the 
relationship between the native 
works and the experiences of 
today through translations, 
simulations and performances 
by tribal members and the 
American avant·garde. 

Rothenberg, an adopted 
member of the Seneca Tribe, 
has translated extensively 
from the poetry of tribal 
cultures and has gathered the 
material into a book , 
" Technicians of the Sacred," 
published by Doubleday. His 
interest in the poetry of these 
widely varying cultures is also 
profoundly reflected at the 
deepest levels of his own 
works, including chant , song 
and theatrical pieces, as well 

SOUNDSVILLE IS HAVING A 
"BEAT THE TAX ASSESSOR SALE" 

If we don' t sell 'em we pay inventory tax so Soundsville wonts to beat 
the ox collector and pass the savings on to our customers. 

THIS FRI. - SAT. - SUN. MARCH 5-6-7 

• a .1 reg . 4 .98 LP's in stock are $2.99 
• a !1 ~eg. 5.98 LP'\ in ~tock are $3.69 
• 0 '1 reg . 6 .98 8-track and cassettes are $4.89 

DAVE MASON ON BLUE THUMB LABLE 
reg . $5 .98 special $3.69 

at all five SOUNDSY/LLf laco /joM 

• 1231 Garnet, P .B. • 5054 Newport, O.B. 
• Balboa & Gene$$ee 
.. (la",m"l MIIISI''''"1 (, . 1,, 1 

• College & EI Cajon • 1183 3rd Ave., C.V. 

Page 6 Triton Times tMrch 5,1971 

"Z", tile Greek suspense drama, I, currently sbowlDg along wit~ Godard's" AJpbavllle!" at tile 
Unicorn Theatre, tbrougll Tuesday, Marcil I. 
as more conventional modes. 

Rothenberg is also well-
versed in the area of European 
literature. His first published 
book , "New Young German 
Poets," consisted of a series of 
adaptations of the work of 
German poets including Celan, 
Enzensberger and Grass . 
Recently Rothenberg was the 
adapter of the Broadway-
playing version of Hochhut's 
play " The Deputy ." 
Rothenberg's most recent 
books of his own poetry are 
" Poland 1931," and " Poems 
1964-67." Dial Press will soon 
release his "Selected Poems." 

East Meets West in 
Symphony Concert 

The cultures of East and 
West will mingle for the San 
Diego Symphony ' s 
performances on March 11 and 
12 at Civic Theatre , 8:30 
curtain . Zoltan Rozsnyai , 
music director and conduc.tor, 
has used the diversified talents 
of Maj'uzumi , Kodaly and 
Brahms. The rare talent of 
pianist Gary G raffman 
promises a pair of concerts 
which will be glowingly 
remembered. 

Toshiro Mayuzumi ' s 
" Bugaku" will open the 
program. As this was written 
to be performed as a full-length 
ballet, Rozsnyai has made a cut 

of the most essential part into a 
ballet suite for this special 
orchestral performance . 
" Bug a k u " ma tchlessly 
combines the best oftraditional 
Western musical concepts with 
the haunting Eastern ideas that 
captivate thought and 
imagination . Mayuzumi 's 
mastery of the two cultures, as 
well as the traditional and the 
contemporary musical 
composition, is such that one 
realizes again the universality 
of the language of music . 

Mayuzumi pioneered the 
field of contemporary music in 
Japan, extensively 
experimenting in sound effects 
and their musical 
relationships. 

The high professional 
excellence of the Orchestra 
will be show-cased in Kodaly 's 
" Peacock Variations ." Based 
on a patriotic Hungarian folk 
tune, the wide range of the 
theme permits the composer to 
explore its expressive and 
colorful potentials through a 
series of 16 variations and 
Finale. Traced back to'the year 
1200, this melody is very dear 
to all Hungarians as it has 
always symbolized freedom 
from oppression. 

Guest artist Gary Gra[(man 
will play Brahms' "Concerto 
for Piano and Orchestra No. 2" 
in B Flat Major, Op. 83. The 42 
year-old Graffman, who made 

his debut at 18, possesses a 
magnificent technique , 
performing with great 
perception and fine poetic 
sense. This Brahms work is 
extremely difficult to master 
technically because of its 
massive chords, its wide span, 
its passages in octaves, thirds 
and sixths and its complicated 
rhythm. 

Reservations for both the 
March 11 and 12 concerts can 
be made at Civic Theatre Box 
Office and a t all Metro Ticket 
agencies. 

"Concerto for String 
Bass & Orchestra" 

Bertram Turetsky will be 
guest soloist at the Sunday, 
March 7 concert of the La Jolla 
Civic Orchestra at two 
performances, 3 and 8 p.m., in 
Sherwood Hall. He will 
perform on the contrabass a 
composition by Frank Proto : 
" Concerto for String Bass and 
Orchestra." 

Two works by Heinrich 
Biber, "Sinfonia for Two 
Trumpets and Strings" and 
" Battaglia," and "Symphony 
NO . 5" by Jan Sibelius 
complete the program. 

Students at UCSD are invited 
to be the guests of the La Jolla 
Civic Orchestra and Chorus 
Association at the concert 
which will be directed by 

~--

Brian Todd Jolin LeLevier Steve Huch Mark Wilson 

Tritons Wind up Season 14-12 

Individual Statistics 
-" .-..... ~ --. •• -.~--•••••• ,. .................. t-.................. -

Full Name Gamel 
FG Reb. FT 

FGA Pet Avg. FT FTA Pet. FG Total PoiJts Game Avg. 

Hoell. Steve Fr. 20 191 .555 5.4 85 132 .644 106 297 14,9 
Todd Brian Sr. U 408 .488 7.9 139 174 .m I" m 22,4 WUIOII Mark Sr. N 1st .433 1.5 30 45 .667 78 186 7.2 
Wrigbt, Dave Jr. N UI .46% 4.4 74 106 .698 115 :lOt 11.7 

_l elevler, JOD So. N ZU7 .411 %.4 117 167 .701 85 %87 11.0 
Gregory, Dave Jr. 26 143 .496 %oS 23 34 .676 71 165 6.3 
wrlgbt, :scott Jr. 26 lllll .404 4.4 21 34 .618 80 181 7.0 
CarliSle, Jeff SO. U 1:' .400 %.0 15 26 .572 30 75 3.1 

.!Srulce Tom "'r. 15 Z4 .458 l.t 6 13 .4ti1 11 Z8 1.9 
Woodward Ai Jr. 8 3 .333 0.0 0 0 .000 I z 0.2 
Woodward. Jobn So 7 S 

.t"" V.J % 3 .667 2 6 0.9 
Meerson, Steve So. 3 10 .400 1.3 1 2 .SOO 4 9 3.0 
~.................. ..... ........... . ........................ ..... ...•.•.... . ... --... 

T~;~~I:~;·~:·;.:~:;·~·r:::·~::~·:;::-;;:· points pe"r·:::: ··l 
average made bim Ihe 17th bighe t scorer in tbe NAlA, drive for 
a layin. John LeLevier scores on a breakaway lay-in against Davis 
in the All-Cal tournament. Steve Huch, raled by cOlicb Cunning. 
bam as one of tbe top frosh pro pects anywhere , led t e team ~Il h 
his .S55 field goal average. enior Mark Wilson, cuter and co-
captain with Todd, drops Inlo two of hi 17 points la t Frida 
against Biola. 

ABOVE: Dave Wright, a super·hustling junlur gUlro, push JII I 
about 8S hard as you can without getting an offen ive fou l in 
coring two point over a bewildered Biola big man . 

LEFT: Mark Wilson and Dave Wright ba Ie a baple Biola 
player. A second Iller, Wil on earned a jump ball ruling from tbe 
referee. 

.... .. .............. 

fMrch 5, 1971 Triton Times Page 1 



FRIDA Y, March 5 
LECfURE-8:30 p.m., Revelle 
Cafeteria , Ann Tomkins, who spent 
five years in China. will speak and 
show a film made by a participant 
in the Cultural Revolution. 
COFFE HUT-3:30 p.m., another 
TGIF party due to the great 
response last week; refreshments 
will be doubled ; see you 
there-Alpha Sigma Phi. 
THEATER-8 p.m .. 133020 Muir, 
"The Caretaker" presented by 
UCSD Drama Dept. ; students 75 
cents. 
MOVIES-7 :30 p.m., USB 2722, 
Friday Night Flicks, Short Films 
Festival. 

SATURDAY, March 6 
DANCE-7 p.m , Gym ; Surf Club 
dance ; Live band and surf flicks . 
Free to all on campus. 
THEATRE-8 p.m., 1330 20 ; 
UCSD Readers Theatre presents 
"The Caretaker." Gen. admission. 
$1.50 ; students, 75 cents. Tickets 
available in Urey Hall Lobby . 

MUSIC-8 : ~0 p.m.. 409 MC ; 
Renaissance and Baroque Music 
Class Concert. 
MOVIES-7 p.m., 10:15 p.m., USB 
2722 ; "Time Machine" and "The 
Raven," 50 cents. Profits go to the 
Rite of the Spring Festival. 

MEETINGS 1 :30 p.m .. informal 
lounge, Middle East Folksong and 
Folkdance Association . Bring 
phono. taperecorder , tapes . 
records, food . 
WANTED-International Theatre 
of Contemporary Social Issues 
needs actors, actre ses, musicians. 
si ngers , dancers , foreign 
performers, and ethnic folkdancers 
for UCSD production and free 
workshop. Come to Revelle 
informal lounge at 2:30 or phone 
454-1020. 

SUNDA Y, March 7 

SAN DIEGO OPEN FORUM-8 
p.m., First Unitarian Church , 4190 
Front Street, S.D. Prof. M. Tigar 
" Draft and Volunteer Army," $1 
donation non-members; students 
free . 
LENTEN SERMON-10 a .m., 
University Lutheran Church , 9595 
La Jolla Shores Dr., by Campus 
Pastor John George Huber, "Our 
Prophetic Role : Serving Through 
Justice. " 
SUNDAY NIGHT SUPPER-5:30 
p.m.; several students who are 
interested in intercultural 
exchange will meet in a local home 
to talk and eat together ; for 
location call x 1940. 

OPENS TOMORROW 

MOVIES-7 p.m., USB 2722. 
Sunday Night Cihema, Einstein's 
unfinished American produced 
film ; "Que Viva Mexico" plus 
Preminger 's alleged masterpiece : 
" Bunny Lake is Missing." 

MONDA Y, March 8 
LECfURE-8 p.m., USB 2622, 
David Ifshen . president of the 

ational Student Association, will 
speak on the People's Peace 
Treaty. 
F ILM-12 noon , 2622 USB, 
" Cavitation ... 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Muriel Hecsh, Muir financial aids 
counselor, will have special office 
hours next week ; Monday and 
Tuesday, 1-3 and Wedne day 3-5 in 
a room adjacent to Muir Commons 
ping-pong room . Also on 
Wednesday she will be in the Muir 
Resident Dean-s Office from 7-9. 

The American History and 
Institutions Exam will be given 
April 3 at I p.m., USB 2722. 
Students wishing to take the exam 
must sign up by March 31 in the 
Registrar-s Office or in one of the 
Provost 's offices. 

General information and 
application are available in the 
Muir Provost Office for Muir 
sophs , juniors , and seniors 
interested in applying for the 
Dartmouth College Exchange 
Program for fall 1971. Application 
deadline is March 31. Registration 
is now open for March scuba diving 
classes given by Ocean Ventures 
Underwater Schools. For info call 
453-6779 or write SCUBA, Box 700, 
Coronado, 92118. 

Peace 
FRICAYNIGHT-IN PERSON! 

RORY CALHOUN & 
GARDNER McKAY! 

A MUSICALBALLI 
In tbisage of sensuality 
it·hadtohappen ... 
America's first X rated 
musical! (Iatltillatlnitan ••. ) 

rorycalhoun · gardner mckay 
.tllr yvonne de carlo ill 

IU~PRICE 
OF FAME a bold breakthrough 
in rnotiorJpictures for venturesome 
oduitaudlenc'!s. ~ 

QUICK CURE FOR TAX HEADACHE 
Nothing's more useless at tax time than finally sell, they've lived virtually 
a stack of rent r.eceipts. Yet most renters "Free". (To say nothing of the fact that 
don't realize how easy it is to own a new they've lived bett er: more space, 
home and how big a tax advantage amenities and freedom.) 
comes with ownership. Here's how it could work for you. Let's 
Pacific Soledad homeowners get nearly say you pay $175 a month.**That's $21,000 
1/ 3 of their total payments back as a tax in the next 10 years. But if you buy at 
dollar gain* ... year after year! And look Pacific Soledad ($35,950 on a 30-year 
at these other advantages . Their FHA loan ) your principal and interest 
oayments (unlike rent) never go up. deductions would proyide a tax dollar 
They build equity in their home. They gain of $10,500 during those same years. 

~ not their landlord) enjoy steadily rising And you'd have $4,380 in equity plus a 
;eal estate appreciation. All together, pi.ece of property probably more 
many homeowners find that when they valuable than when you bought it. 

JO I ~T P 'R HA E-AN Til ER WA Y T TAME TH E TA BITE 
It s also practical for two single to buy a 
home jointly. Each person receives 
$5,250 in tax dollar gain, and their ef-
fective monthly payment is only $102. 
And the joint purchase isn't complicated. 
Vesting of ti tle, buy and sell agreements, 
etc, can be tailored to your desires and 
best interests. 
For the details showing exactly what the 
tax difference between renting and 
buying can mean to you, visit Pacific 
Soledad today .. off 1-5 at Garnet, west to 
Soledad Mt. Rd ., then north to Randall 

P..... Triton Tim.. Mlrch 5, 1'71 

and the model; or call Bob Waybourn, 
project manager at 272-3968. 

PACIFI OLEDAD 
2459 Beryl treel 

An Activit y of th .. Financial Group 
··On the average, $175 per month rents a 650 sq. ft. 
apartment in a high density building, one uncovered 
parking space and no view. If you can afford this, you 
can probably afford a Pacific Soledad home with 3 
bedrooms, 2-1/ 2 baths, 1675 sq. ft. net living area, 
carpeted, fenced, landscaped, two fireplaces, self-
clean ing double oven/ range, dishwasher, patio , 
balcony, cable TV, kar garage and a great Miuton Bay 
View. 

CLASSIFIED s 
Travel 

EUROPE: ' 5225-5210. Also 
ISRAEL and JAPAN Spring 
and Summer flights available 
call 755-3990 after 5 p.m., or 
write E.s.E .P.-UCsD 8217 
Beverly Blvd., Los Angeles, 
Calif. 

(51 11) 

Europe charters . 50 Depar-
tures, also from N.Y. , Africa , 
India , Israel. 600/0 Off . Free 
info : EAsC, 323 N. Beverly Dr., 
Beverly Hills, Calif., 90210. 
Phone : (213) 276-6293. 

(5/1l) 

Europe Jet Charter Flights. 
Spring Special. March 30 thru 
June 15 - 5261. Plus full 
summer program. Call Leslie 
512-9098 after 5. 

( (R) 

'57 VW Camper, excellent 
condition rebuilt engine and 
transmission Sleeps three . 
Message for Barnet Dale at 453-
3362. • 

(3 / 5) 

1960 VW Cobra (S400 755-2306. 
(3/5) 

Personals 
Male students partl full time, 53 
hr. plus scholarship. Call 224-
2864 . (R ) 

For Rent 
Three (3) Cachetic Medical Stu-
dents to Delight female culinary 
connoIsseurs . Price: Fair 
trade- your dish, our palate 
(plus wine) Call Arthur, Victor 
or Eugene at 274-9256 wHkends 
or wHk nights or weak mo-
ments after 10 :30 p.m. or before 
7:45 a.m. 

(3/5) 
5269 RT LA to Europe 61 16 to Want person(s) to drive car to 
91 15 or 61 30 to 91 I Florida . Driver pays gas 454-
Large Savings on cars and 
charter flights to Israel, 
Greece, other countries. 
Prof. Bentler UC. (213) 277-5200 
cl 0 Sierra Travel of Beverly 
Hills 9875 Santa Monica Blvd., 
Los Angeles, 90212 

(3/12l 
Eu rope Charters Several 
schedules from 5250 roundtrip, 
5150 one way. Coordinator : 
Professor Margaret Paal 247 
Roycroft , Long Beach. 90103. 
213-438-2179 . 

(31 12) 

For Sale 
For Sale by owner 

A home with an Income on one 
third acre . Fruit trees and 
garden. Must be seen to be 
appreciated . Make offer . 753-
2980. (3/ 9) 
A BETT ER BED ! King size 
water bed. 555.00 . The Water 
Hole, 4282 EI Caj on Blvd ., 280-
2611. (R) 
AMPLIFIER , SPEAKER , 
TURNTABL E 5225. FOR 
MORE INFORMATION CALL 
453-8557. ASK FOR KAMAL. 

(3 / 5) 

For Sale : Remington 221 250 
rifle with 4X scope and load ing 
equ ipment plus extras . saO .OO. 
Ca ll 755-7803 evenings. 

i 3/ 5) 

WATER BEDS Guaranteed 
transluscent to infinity . Wide 
selection, shapes and sizes : 
6'X7' King size 534.50 . 8' round 
568.50. Call 222-9175 after 5 p.m. 

1412) 

0311122AJJ 
V1QJIA M~~1V11 

0641 or 411-7311 . 
(3/12) 

Want to go East? I am leaving 
for Boston around Monday , 
March I, and need someone to 
share expenses. You may go all 
tta way to Boston or as fir as 
you wish . Call Doc at 276-7135. 

(3/5) 
Horoscopes 

Astrological Birth Charts with 
complete Interpretations 510 
Progressions 515 Call Nickolas 
Scalese 755-6357 after 5 p.m. 

(3/ 5) 
Need GIRL Roommate to share 
a house with 3 other girls in De l 
Mar . Fireplace, Piano, & a 
small garden. Rent : 577.50 a 
month . Call : 755-7621 around 
dinnertime. 

(3/5) 
Services 

Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 
Try James Automotive Service 
American and Foreign Ca rs 
Repa irs and Pollution Contro l. 
Student Discount 7748 Herschel 
La Jolla (i n the rear ) 459-9181 

DISTI NCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 

(R) 

Service on Schedule . Modest 
Rates . Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459-8188 (R ) 
Typing - for accurate Typing 
on electric pica - term papers, 
theses, manuscripts , etc . Ca ll 
Mrs . McCroskey 287-1607. 

(R) 
Typing ... Exper ienced typ, 
ist. .. Term papers, theses. 
Electric typewriter . Will do 
rush lobs. 453-6135. (R) 

Income tax, Federal and State 
rlfurns preparations. Discount 
for students, st.lf, and faculty . 
Call 45)-770 •. 

13/5-31 12-4/ 2-41 . ) 

EUROPE - ISRAEl - EAST AFRICA 
* Student travel discounts 
* Officia l SOFA agent for over 2000 inter-E uropea n student 
cha rter fl ig ht 
• Internatio nal Student 10 ca rd 
• 2 month student Eura ilpass $125 
* 3 weeks camping in Russia and Czechoslovakia S 156 
• 5 weeks camping in Spa in, Portugal and Morocco $230 
• london-Capetown 7 week African Safari $6041 
CONTACT: ISCA 

11687 Son Vic~nt. Blvd. '04 
l. A. Calif. 9OQ.49 
(213) 826-5669 

NOI1VZINVOIO 11~·NC)tof 


