
·, 

- . - -trIton tI 
Volume 12, Numher University of California, San Diego 

ASUC Pions to Hire Sacramento lobbyist 
Robert Miller 
Staff Writer 

The UC Associated Students are planning to join the ranks of 
the Sacramento bureaucracy, according to ASUCSD President 
Mike Palcic. 

Areas of concern for the students that can be worked on by 
this new program were discussed at the last AS President's 
Council meeting, reported Palcic. Some of these are financial 
aids, tuition and fees, the Educational Opportunity Program, 
campus disturbances and remedies, budget, campus 
publications, etc. 

The hiring of · an Executive Director to serve as an 
ombudsman in Sacramento for the students, the maintaining of 
offices in the state capital and the participation of students in 
directly producing input of ideas on policies that will effect 
them are all to be part of this new program. 

Davis People Optimistic 

Students at UC Davis have previously taken on the role of 
trying to stimulate student input into the legislature. 
According to Palcic, the people responsible at Davis are very 
optimistic. Palcic said the Davis people feel the legislators in 
Sacramento can be swayed. 

"The idea is to have the students become an effective force 
in influencing decisions in t~e state legislature," sa id Palcic. 

SLP to Coordinate Input 

The Student Legislative Program as it is called will attempt 
to coordinate all student input concerning state legislation 
relevant through the Executive Director. The Executive 
Director will collect and send out pertinent information to the 
UC campuses, establish contacts in Sacramento for the 
students, talk with legislators and visit the nine campuses 
conducting information seminars concerning the activities in 
Sacramento, Palcic explained. 

However, Palcic said that this program will probably not be 
a registered lobby. The tax-exempt status of the ASUC 
prevents any formal lobbying except on issues that directly 
affect the organization. 

Palcic feels that this program is an important manifestation 
of the enlarging role of the student in the UC system. 

According to Palcic, plans are also being considered to have 
the Executive Director pave the way for students to testify at 
legislative committee hearings, to advise the AS Presidents 
Council and to essentially become a focal point for student 
input into the state legislature. There is at present no effective 
mechanism for feeding student opinion into the legislature he 
explained. 

"There is a big issue at the University concerning the 
student's participation in government. It is decidedly to our 
favor to have students in a position to influence decisions. 

" It is a part of the democratic process to be in a role to 
influence legislation. This project reflects the need for the 
students to be in this position instead of having administrators 
unilaterally making the decisions," said Palcic. 

"It is amazing that all these years legislation has been taking 
place and the students are not directly involved in the 
legislative process. Now, hopefully we will have an effective 
channel for taking action," remarked Palcic. 

A total of $12,000 has already been collected from the 
different ASUC general funds. Interviews will be held this 
week by a sub-committee of the AS Presidents Council to 
select an Executive Director. The future of the program wm 
depend on its success, said Palcic. 

Thl little ~guy does bls bit to keep the U D 
child day care center clean. There Is no charge 
for the center beyond the co t of tbe food 
con umed, but parent are expected to put In 
one or two hour hlft per week. The center i 
located ju t north of the Third College Dorm on 
Matthew Campus. 

Comm. Board to Review 
Douglas' TT Complaint 

Cliff Post 
Staff Writer 

The Corrummications Board agreed to conduct an advisory review of the 
TRITON TIMES at its regular meeting last Friday. The review will investigate 
charges made by Prof. Jack Douglas that an article printed in the Jan. 19 edition of 
the TRITON TIMES was libelous and personally damaging. The article stated that 
Prof. Douglas had gained access to certain files in an unethical manner. The 
review board, which is scheduled to meet Thursday at 9 a.m., will be closed to both 
the press and public. 

The advisory review will informally gather evidence and render a verdict. If the 
review board feels that a violation of Prof. Douglas' rights has been committed, it 
will then conduct a formal inquiry. If the review deems the evidence insufficient, 
however, the Comm. Board will drop the matter. Prof. Douglas can, if he chooses, 
appeal to the chancellor or sue the TRITON TIMES for libel. 
. Prof. Douglas has been vehement in his denunciation of the article. He first 
wrote a letter to the TIMES (published in the Jan. 28 issue) denying that any ac-
tions referred to in the article were unethical and demanding a retraction. The 
TIMES published a reply (also in the Jan. 28 issue) reaffirming the stance taken in 
the original article. At the meeting, Prof. Douglas emphasized that he had "every 
intention to carry this to the fullest. " 

The decision to hold an inquiry was taken in light of a briefing on libel law as 
presented by Allan Zink, a California lawyer and special assistant to the dean of 
students. He stated the possible defenses for libel. First, truth is a defense; second, 
if the facts presented in a story are false, a libel suit can be lost if (a) the defense 
can claim privilege, for example, if the person attacked is a public figure and (b), 
the story was written without malice or reckless disregard of facts . 

Also discussed at the meeting was the winter quarter appropriation for THIRD 
WORLD Newspaper. In addition to operating expenses, Carmen Nevarez, editor-
in-cllief of the paper asked for money to provide for salaries for the editors. Craig 
Starr, chairman of the board, stated that the policy was to only provide salarie 
for some TRITON TIMES and KSDT workers. He emphasized that these people 
were being paid because the media they work for are in the unique position of being 
official school information services. An appropriation of $840 was made to THIRD 
WORLD for supplies and printing expenMl, and the Board agreed to investigate 
the question of salaries. 

Al*I discusaed was KSM's upcoI1liJII-_ .... 11\ AM to an FM station. 

Tuesday, February 2, 1911 

Paul Sallman, sometime ob erved comically bicycling 
acro s campu ,a caught in one of hi more reflective 
moments. 

Revelle Executive Committee 
Evaluating Required Courses 

Mike Roberts 
Staff Writer 

Revelle Provo t Paul Saltman i enthusiastic about Revelle 
College: he likes it here and he made that fact clear in an 
interview last Wednesday afternoon. Wednesday 's di cussion 
centered ar?und the Executive Committee, its general 
purpose, and Its past and current activities. 

Whil~ the other Revelle student-faculty committee, the 
Committee on College Affairs, i concerned primarily with the 
" life and times here at Revelle," altman explained that the 
Executive Committee is concerned more with the Academic 
side of college life. Their functions and area of concern, 
however, overlap to a great extent. 

The Executive Committee, composed of two tudents, two 
faculty: member , and the proyo t was formed two year ago 
and . I pre enUy reviewing the Revelle academic 
requirements The last major evaulation of the e requirements 
~a ~one . orne time ago, and in re ponse to echo of . 
dlssall factIOn , the committee is currently, again going over 
the content and technique of individual courses with the idea of 
making them a effective and beneficial a po ible. 

One po ible innovation under con id ration wa sugge tea 
by D Regi trar Harold Temmer nder the Temmer 
y tern no D' or F's would appear on a tudene tran cript. 
uch g~ade would be regarded as zero , not affecting a 
tudent s record ; however. student would be required to pa 

a pecific number of cour es per quarter to tav in the 
University. Although the stem has obviou advantage , one 
seriou drawback i that a " D" would no longer be a pa ing 
grade. 

altman de cribed a " the be t thing that ever happened to 
the Univer ity of California at an Diego," the Frontier of 
cience program. Thi program wa in tituted orne time ago 

by the Executive Committee as an upper-divi ion sequence for 
non- cience majors who wi hed to fit their knowledge from the 

atural cience quence into rom of the excitin trend 
which are occuring alon the "outer limit .. of ci nce toda . 
The cope of th rie , whi h consi t of on cour per 
quart r, range from frontier .If geology, a tronom and 
physic. to cIa in arm contr I ,wd " ciety and law." 

Biology Prof. Warren Butler anj Admini trative i tant 
David nrmann erve on the board along with the provo land 

~ v II . nior (and bio major) John CamD I. 
On of the change nacted by th Committee rec nUy wa 

th 100 ning of the languag requir m nt, uch that Lit. 10 
could be taken to ti fy it. 

n intere ting detail brou ht out t the m ling wa tn.:! 
mo t tudent e say on apphcati n are n ver r tI Th 
committ e ha d cided not to wa t tim and ffort on Involved 
admi ion procedures. In tead , th Ii ibilit of each pphcant 
i now d termin d I Iy by T cor . rad , et .. nd out 
f th group of eliglbl pplicant , th required num r f 

fr hm n i obtained m wh t arbltr nl La t r lh 
import nt criteri n wa th lim of am I of the pplicatlon 
Thi . ar it wa random numb r I tl n b computer 



Joe Princepes, an agricultural tecbnician at tbe USDA greenbouses east of campus, displays a 
new, and bopefully more fungus resistant strain of melon. 

USDA Greenhouses on Campus, 
World Renowned MelonCenter 

Barbaro Simon 
Stoff Writer 

We probably have the "best collection of let-
tuce and cantalope seeds in the world," says Dr. 
Thomas Whitaker of the U.S.D.A. Horticulture 
Field Sta tion. The station is located on Miramar 
Road, just east of Matthews Campus. Whitaker 
continues that his office is the "plant breeding 
headquarters for lettuce and muskmelons in the 
U.S.A." 

Hundreds of requests for seeds come to the 
office each year from many countries. Dr. 
Whitaker reports that a package of seeds was 
recently sent to members of the Peace Corps in 
Brazil. _ 

The assignment to develop "disease resistant 
lettuce and muskmelons" is presenUy conducted 
in four greenhouses which were erected by the 
U.S.D.A. on land rented from the University of 
California. Dr. Whitaker , who has w(J'ked with 
the project for thirty-four years, states that his 
goal as well as that of many plant biologists 
today is to eliminate the need for toxic chemical 
pesticides. 

Dr. W. Bohn has worked with muskmelon 
plants for twenty.four years, and says that the 
end result of the research will be less risk f(J' the 
muskmelon farmer. Muskmelon (cantalo))(" 
honeydew) crops are currently failing because of 
several diseases. 

One disease is powdery mildew, which causes 
a white powdery substance to form on the plant. 
Studies in resistence to powdery mildew began in 
1925, and were successful in producing a plant on 
which fungus will not grow. 

Viruses also cause a considerable amount of 
damage to muskmelons. After World War II, 
research was expanded to develop a resistance 

to viruses which are carried from plant to plant 
by aphids. An aphid usually sucks juices from 
the leaves or the stem, and in the process, infects 
a healthy plant with one of three types of viruses. 
Resistance to two of these viruses has been 
developed. 

The newest project is to develop resistance to 
aphids and then to combine resistance to both 
powdery mildew and the t~ree viruses, in a 
single plant. Present muskmelons which have 
proven resistant are also inedible. Dr. Bohn 
explains the process they use: "to try to keep . 
resistance in the plant and put quality into the 
fruit by back cross breeding" with a commercial 
muskmelon plant. (Back cross breeding is a 
process whereby a commercial plant is-crossed 
with a wild variety and the result is then crossed 
again with a commercial variety). 

Similar methods of back cross breeding are 
used with wild lettuce and commercial lettuce. 
The wild lettuce is resistant to damage caused by 
the cabbage looper, an insect which feeds on 
commercial lettuce. Evidently, the cabbage 
looper does not lay eggs on the resistant lettuce. 
The wild lettuce would, unfortunately, make a 
quite different and unappealing salad. 

After a cross of the resistant gene to adapted 
varieties , the second generation plant is tested 
with bugs to see if it can be eaten. Two or more 
crosses may be necessary until a satisfactory 
product results. 

Although U.S.D.A. headquarters is in La Jolla , 
most of the field research is conducted in 
Brawley, California. Because of hot weather, 
research only continues part of the year in 
Brawley, whereas it occurs year round in La 
Jolla. 

Muir Trodes Students With Dartmouth College 
J.II Graham 
Sla ll Wri l.r 

Jillion and senlors at Muir College now have 
the opportunity to take a quarter of clasaes at 
Dartmouth College In New Hampslire. Muir 
junior Larry Raful (In his own words a "glinea 
pig") attended Dartmouth last Fan. Two Dart-
mouth students are visiting Muir this Winter. 
Plans call for the program to begin full«ale, 
with mutual eIChanges. There is no set limit on 
next Spring the number of students that may 
participate . 

The lI'ogram was started by the Muir Provost 
John Stewart in order to give Muir students a 
change to get away to see other camllises 
without having to transfer, and especially to 
bring back ideas for Muir's improvement with 
them. Dartmouth Provost Leonard Rieser 
commented on the benefit to his school: "It's 
time to end our 200 years of monastic scholastic 
tradition." 

John Goheen, one of the two Dartmouth 
students (the other is Kip Hale), described 
'California as a "different world, a whole dif-
ferent trip. Back East it is the mountains that 
have an effect on the people. Here it is the 
oceans." He is enthusiastic about the social 
situation here, and regards the classes as being 
more relevant, but less difficult. 

Raful described Dartmouth as an outstaooing 
school with "excellent professors, comparalie to 

Muir" and 'stated that "the ph'yaIc81layout of the 
campus is magnificent." Dartmouth's at-
tractions Include the worlckenowned lkIpklns 
cultural center, a "truly outstanding" clIDputer 
facility, the Tucker Foundation (a scholarly 
equivalent of VISTA) and three of the 20 "most 
fun" college weekends, according to a natioo-
wide Playboy poll. RafuJ added that the huge 
diversity of backgrounds among the students 
provides an experience not obtainable at UCSD. 

Raful described the single most important 
defect of the program _ excessive cost. Along 
with !be $162 UC tuition, an exchange stooent 
will have to provide his own transportatioo to the 
school and pay a Dartmouth fee of $275. Raful 
said it was "worth it," and that funds are hoped 
to be available by next year to give any in-
terested student a chance to go. Academic 
cooOicts caused by the exchange should be 
slight, even for science majors. The Dartmouth 
Special Projects Program can provide the 
equivalent of abnost any course offered at 
UCSD. 

Mary Avery, director of the project, an-
nounced that full information and application 
forms would be made available by Feb. 16, in the 
Muir Provost's Office. Both men and women are 
wanted. Though reasonably good students are 
preferred, there is no minimum GPA required 
for eligibility. Students are asked to have 
carefully considered their plans bef(J'e awly~. 

Two additional contented coborts relaxiag at the UCSD day care center. 
Senate Makes 
Requirement Cha nge 

The Academic Senate ruled 
last week that the American 
History and Institutions 
requirement for graduation 
may be satisfied by certain 
courses taken in blgh school. 
One high school unit (1 year) in 
American History, or 1/ 2 high 
school unit (1/2 year ) in 
American History and 1/ 2 high 
school unit in civics or 
American Government will 
fulfill the requirement hen-
ceforth. 

OBITUARY 
Graeme Bannerman, 
U( Vice-President, Dies 

Graeme C. Bannerman, GO, 
UC vice-president for business 
and finance since February 1968 
and former assistant secretary 
of the navy, died of an apparent 
heart attack Sunday af-
ternoon at Mira Vista golf 
course in El Cerrito near 
Berkeley. The funeral and in-

ternment will be in Silver 
Springs, Maryland. 

EUROPE - ISRAEL - EAST AFRICA 
* Student tra~el discounts 
* Offici a l SOFA agent for o~er 2000 inter·Euro pean student 
charter flight 

ARCHITECTS - LAWYERS - BUSINESS GRADS -
URBAN PLANNERS - NURSES -

Bannerman, a lawyer by 
profession, was brought to the 
University by president Charles 
J. Hitch who had been with him 
in the Pentagon. He was born 
Aoril I, 1910 in Washington, 
D:C. Besides his wife, Ruth, he" 
leaves two daughters, Martha 
Bannerman, a New York City 
lawyer, and Mrs. Susan 
Thesinga of Culpepper, 
Virginia. Bannerman lived in 
Oakland. 

* Interna tiona l Student ID cord 
• 2 month student Eurailpass $125 
• 3 weeks camping in Russia and Czechosla~akio $1 56 
* 5 we.:ks camping in Spain, Portuga l a nd Morocco $230 
• Land'>o·Capetawn 7 week African Safa ri $641 
CONT \CT: ISCA 

11687 Son Vicente BI~d . #4 
l. A. Calif. 90049 
(213) 826·5669 

The Am ,. (on Premiere 
new playing thru February 14 (nightly l",epl Mun.) 

THE FACE OF VIOLENCE 
by J. Bronowski 

a p,obing d,ama af a young man 
obsessed w,lh a de.i,. fa' jU'lice 

SAVE UP TO SO%-Students $1.50 except Sat. Eve. 

e~~,: ~~!!:~Ob~h!!ge til ..... 
in balboa park 

239.2255 
.It.,_ 

Page 2 Triton Times February 2,1971 

AND OTHER TALENTS, TOO 

MAKE EYES LIGHT UP! 

TODAY! 
Representat. res in Muir Cafe teria 

Tuesday.Thursday, Feb. 2-4, 9 a.m.-4 p.m. 
ALL MAJORS - DROP BY! 

He had been assistant 
secretary of the navy from 1965 
to 1968, and deputy assistant 
secretary of defense from 1961 
to 1965. Prior to that time, from 
1957 to 1961, he had been 
director of procurement policy 
in the Department of Defense . 
He had practiced law in 
Washington, DC, and had held 
staff positions ill various U.S. 
government agencies . He 
retired from federal service in 
February, 1968, just prior to 
coming to UC. 

Among his honors was the 
Navy Distinguished Public 
Service Medal, which was 
awarded him in 1968. He 
received a B.S. at Hamilton 
College in 1931, a J.D. at George 
Washington University in 1936, 
and an L.L.M. at George 
Washington in 1938. 

President Hitch commented, 
"I have lost a dear friend and 
the University of California has 
lost one of its most valuable 
servants." 

AS Welfare Commillione r 

Pomeroy Works at 
low, Health Problems 

Jeff Graham 
Slafl Writer 

Students don't realize how many functions and how much 
potential power the Assooiated Student government of UCSD 
has, believt's Steve Pomeroy, Commissioner of Student 
Welfare . In addition to being responsible for many routine 
projects (Coffee Hut, Revelle Sundry Store . .. ) that students 
usually take for granted, the student government serves as the 
basic channel of communication between the stndents and the 
university administration, and can either institute or fund 
special projects in the interest of the students. 

Steve is a senior, a chemistry major with a special interest in 
the compu1er sciences. The desire to be involved, after 
sweating out a very rough Junior year, induced him to run for 
office, he said. Upon taking office, he discovered that the new 

commissione~ form of government, which the student body 
adopted last Spring, was still quite vague. Each commissioner 
almost had to define for himself what his own responsibilities 
should be. Steve took on the burden of overseeing student 
services in general, an impossible chore, of sitling on the 
financial committee, and has involved himself in several 
special projects as well . 

Seminars may he Repeated 
Students, especially those that live off campus, oftentimes 

have a need to know exactly what their rights are , when 
confronted by police. Under what circumstances can a law 
officer search the car of a private person? What information 
can a policeman require a private citizen to furnish? Last year, 
seminars for students were held to answer such questions. If 
enough people express an interest, the seminars will be 
repeated. Steve, personally is trying to fund a student-owned 
bus to make trips from Del Mar, a badly needed facility. At 
present, tbe proposal is being checked-out for legal problems 
by the University administration in Berkeley. A new Health 
Service building soon will have to be constructed - the present 
one is just too small. Steve, working with Assistant Chancellor 
Murphy, is trying to round up a qualified committee to 
determine how best to meet future health requirements. Most 
of the projects, like the seminars and the bus line, are 
instituted by the commissioners, themselves, we were told. 
Students do not realize that the A.S. government will 
respond to almost any reasonable request. There are always 
more jobs that need to be done, he indicated, than there are 
students willing to help do them. 

A.S. Goverument Extends Power 
The student government can accomplish tasks that are 

technically beyond its powers because student representatives 
sit on the faculty senate and on most other advisory boards, 
and because tbe student government is usually consulted by the 
university administration before policy changes. On the 
college level , tbe A.S. government managed to get the Revelle 
language requirement changed to something more acceptable 

Steve Pomeroy, A.S. Commilsioner of Student Welfare. 
to students. The commissioners are usually friends with people 
in the University who can make substantial changes, Steve 
said. thus are useful to students who have little idea of who 
does what in the University bureaucracy. Someone from 
student government is always in 250 Matthews, and Steve 
Pomeroy, himself, is often there, or can be reached by phone. 

Steve Sits on Financial Committee 
As welfare commissioner, Steve's most interesting duty is 

probably to sit on the financial committee. The student body 
prov ides its representatives with about 4000 x 18 dollars yearly, 
much of which is returned to it as grants to tudent 
organizations. TRITON TIMES is partly funded by the A .. 
government, the Black Student Union is given money for its 
high school counseling program in Los Angele . the student 
clubs are subsidized . and so on. 

Steve is a relaxed and informal, if busy person. reflecting the 
atmo phere of the A.S. government in general. Most of tile 
people in it were friends of Mike Palcic. A.S. president, before 
running for office, and were brought together by his 
enthu iasm. Steve described the student government as a 
group of people who " work well together, " and who .• hare a 
fee ling of common re pon ibility." Is it the kind of group that 
could get together privately and throw a party?" "Yes, 
definitely," he replied. He enjoys his work. and jf he were a 
Junior rather than a senior this year. he isn't sure he'd want 
the same job again . but he would definitely continue in student 
government. As it is, he plan to work for a ear to decide what 
he really wants to do in life, then perhap go to a graduate 

hool . perhaps not. 

Building 250, Mattbews Campus, a campus landmark wbicb is facing imminent dismemberment. 

G ilman Drive Extension 

Bldg. 250 To Get Axe in Summe r 
Paul Teyuier 
Stoff Writer 

Things soon will be coming 
apart on Matthews Campus. 
Two-fifty MC, a building in 
which nearly every UCSD 
student finds himself at one 
time or another, must sacrifice 
its two northern extremities to 
progress. About half of the 
structure will be amputated 
next Summer to make way for 
the extension of Gilman Drive. 
The sawed·off sections will be 
moved to an area southwest of 
the Chancellor's Office. 

The one -s tor y frame 
building, whose number is one 
of the first things freshmen 
commit to memory, has been 
around since World War II , 
when the Matthews Campus 
was a Marine Corps base. It 
once saw service as a bachelor 
officers' quarters. It now 
numbers among its tena nts 
draft counselors, student 

hou sing advise rs, photo-
developers and members of the 
women's lib movement. 

According to Anton Witte of 
the Planning Office some of 
25O's tenants will reloca te 
within the truncated building. 
Others may move with the cut-
off sections to find quarters in 
new buildings that are to be 
built alongside the cut-off 
sections. Allocation of offi ce 
space after the move will be 
the responsibility of the 
Building Advisory Committee. 

The Gilman Drive extension 
will open a major artery to the 
new Veteran's Administration 
hospital from La Jolla and the 
south. Its construction was pa rt 
of the agreement by which the 
VA decided to build the hospital 
here. The road must be opened 
in December to permit the 
ho pital to go into operation in 
February, 1972. . 

Ordinarily, according to 
Witte, it is better to tear down 

PO BOX 589 NY 10010 NY 

(VOLUNTEERS IN SERVICE TO AMERICA) 

WHO ME? 
YES YOU!! 

VISTA NEEDS: 
Humanities Majors 
Social Scientists 
Architects 
lawyers 
Business Grads 
Nurses 
Educators 

AND THOUSANDS OF OTHERS IN 1911!! 

Ex- Volunteers on Campus Today 

Through Thursdoy 
Muir (afel.ria 9 a.m. - 4 p.m. 

an old building and put up a 
new one: he cited findings of 
the Office of Archi tects and 
Engineers that it is cheaper to 
replace old buildings with 
" simple, new structures" than 
it is to renovate them. Bu t the 
state legislature reduced funds 
for the 250 MC project from 
$135,000 to $80,000. This ma kes 
it necessary to preserve the 

severed blocks of 250. 
Some new space will be built 

with project money that 
remains after the move. The 
fu nding reduction lessens the 
amount of new space that can 
be built, Witte says. But he 
believes that this new space 
plus the amputated parts 
" should be sufficient to house 
the people from 250". 

AD SALESMEN NEEDED 
see Jeff Fried 

TRITON TIMES OFFICE 

OPENS TOMORROW 

Triton Times February 2,1971 Plge 3 



The opinion ... pr .. ted on ...... page. are lho .. of lhe autho" whole na .... appear in lhe byli .... and do nal _e"arily reflect rhe view. of Ihe TRITON 
TIMES. An.,...,. dnirinq to lUbrnit _ I.,ial 1o be publi.hed on theY page •• hould ynd it to lhe Editarial Di,ector. TRITON TIMES. 117 81ake Hall. UCSD. 

American Roulette 
Lance Beizer 

Q. I'M A FRESHMAN, BUT SINCE 1 JUST REGISTERED 
WITH SELECTIVE SERVICE OVER CHRISTMAS 
VACATION I'M CONCERNED ABOUT RUMORS THAT I'VE 
HEARD THAT THERE AREN'T ANY STUDENT 
DEFERMENTS ANYMORE. WHAT'S THE STORY? 

A. On last April 23 President Nixon, by executive order, 
ended all new occupational and fatherhood deferments. At the 
same time he requested permission from Congress to end 
student deferments for those students who were not 
undergraduates before that day. The intent of all those 
changes. as it is of the lottery system as well, is to make more 
equitable the burden of Selective Service among various 
elements of our population. This was done so that the burden 
will not fall only on thbse who could not find someone with 
whom to make a baby ; or who could not find a job in the 
defense industry of such complexity as to make them 
irreplaceable ; or who cou ld not skip off to a university to sit 
safely for four or more years in a classroom instead of a fox-
hole. 

For the most part the liberals in Congress and the academic 
world have supported uch changes far longer than the 
President (General Hershey, by the way, was one of the 
firmest proponents of student deferment ). Understandably, 
however·, you may be expected to take a somewhat different 
view in your own case, so let me reassure you somewhat. 

Congress has done nothing to give President Nixon the 
authority he requested, and as a consequence many students 
who have just entered their freshman year have already 
received deferments. The present draft law expires this June, 
and we can certainly expect that whatever changes come will 
take effect July L Judging from Congre sional action when 
graduate school deferments were ended in 1967, I hould guess 
it unlikely that they would take away deferments that had 
already been given. More likely they will say that no 
deferments are to be given to students who are not registered 
undergraduates prior to July I, 1971. 

H is, of course, possible that Congress may refuse to grant 
authority to end student deferments at all, but I think at this 
point the odds favor no deferments for next year's Freshman. 

Q. I'VE HEARD THAT YOU CAN HAYE A STUDE T 
DEFERMENT FOR FIVE YEARS. TRUE? 

A. Not officially, but a( the present time there are two ways 
in which many students have managed to stay in college as 
undergraduates for five years. 

The Selective Service regulations specify that you should be 
earning approximately 25 percent of the units needed to 
graduate each year you are in schooL Some draft boards are 
more sophi,sticated than others and recognize that double 
majors, changes in major, transfers from one school (0 
another, among other things, can solT,l!times necessitate 
additional time in schooL 

Since, however, your local board has final authority to 
permit or disapprove an additional year, if you anticipate any 
drastic changes in your program I highly recommend that you 
speak to me first. Especially dangerous is attempting to 
proceed at a pace which won 't allow you to progress to the next 
higher level each year. 40.5 units make you a sophomore; 84 
make you a junior ; with 135 units you are a scnior. 

Although normally you think of II- S deferments with which 
to attend college, probably the majority of men in their fifth 
year are there through the benefit of a 1- S (C) classification, 
an emergency deferment available to an undergraduate whose 
board has determined that he is no longer eligible for a II-S 
but who is a full-time student the day his board sends him an 
induction notice. President Nixon has called for the end of this 
deferment also, however ; so it is very possible, if not actually 
likely, that the I-S(C) will not be available next year. Again. 
therefore, a word of caution to you if you intend to try staying 
for five years. 

Editor 's Note : 

Tbe TRITON TIMES 
encourages reader response 
to its news coverage, 
opinion, and editoria ls 
tbrough letters to the edltor_ 
However, as in its opinion 
columns, the Tf does not 
necessarily accept tbe 
views expressed as its own. 

MD Rap 

Tberefore all letters must 
be signed and we assume 
tbe author does not object to 
having his name in print. 
Letters should be kept brief 
(Maximum of 500 words). 
Longer ar ticles should be 
submitted as opinion with 
tbe desired headline. 

What Is Trichomonas? 
v _ Robert Allen, MD 

Dear Doctor Allen: 
Could you plea e explain sometbing about trichomonas- bow 

it is contracted, etc. 
Unsigned 

Dear Un~igned: 

Trichomonas (pronounced trikomonas ) is a flagellate , a 
single-celled organism that takes up residence in the vagina 
and urethra of women and in the urethra of men. How it gets 
there is not completely clear. 

This pesky protozoan causes vaginal inflammation, itching, 
and irritating discharge in girls, and the symptoms are usually 
worse just before and after periods. Trichomonas infection of 
the male urethra is usually asymptomatic, although 
occasionally there may be a mild urethral discharge. 

The incidence of this infection in the urinary tracts of 
husbands of infected women is reported to be from 30 to 50 
percent, so it is likely that intercourse may be a way of 
transmitting the bug-a sort of trick-or-treat. However, there 
are so many cases of vaginal trichomoniasis which have 
occurred without the possibility of direct sexual contact with 
an infected male, that it would seem that some other form of 
transmission must also occur, such as contact with 
contaminated bed linen or toilet sea ts. In any case, 
trichomonas is not considered to be a venereal disease like 
syphillis or gonorrhea. ~ 

Trichomonas infection is fairly common, and the diagnosis is 
confirmed by examining a wet smear of vaginal fluid under the 
microscope and actually observing the organism, whose 
lashing flagella cause it to move about by rapidly repeating 
jerks. Sometimes trichomonas is also observed in the urine. 

There are several methods of treatment for women. such as 
oral medication using metronidazole (FJagyl) or local therapy 
with special douches or suppositories. Nine out of ten girls will 
respond fairly rapidly, but a few have refractory cases that 
may require treatment for long periods. The men usually clear 
up quickly on oral medicine. 

It is important to remember that reinfection can occur, so if 
you find you've got it, your partner should be checked out too, 
even though he (or she ) has no symptoms. Otherwise you may 
continue to play protozoan ping-pong. 

............... 

Questions for MD Rap may be dropped in the box at the Student 
Health Service waiting room. 

SHS NOTE : Immunization to meet special needs, such as going 
overseas or on cruises. are available without charge to all 
registered students at your Student Health Service. 

triton tiIlles 
Editor-in-Cnier . . Haywood Ga mmon 
City Editor _ .. .... Carl ei burger 
Managing Editor .. _ ... Mike Klayer 
Copy Editot·_ . ... .. Chuck Graham 
Dusin 55 M: nager ....... J ·rr Fdcd 
Editorial D~rC4!tor . . Raoul Contreras 

IA 0 iate ty Edil0r . . . Ow 11 Joyner 
1 011~ chin 

Art Editor ......... Terr~ Barak 
ports Edit"r .. . .... Ro k~ Halron 

Photograph y Editor .... John Zaller 
ontributor . _ ... _. tc\C Landau 

News Deparlment 
Ro.e D.Co.la 
Rod Lo,ang 
Rob.rt Mille, 
John Zoller 
Ed Bayle 
Juliana Cinque 
Babb,e ri,," 
Bruce Morden 
Frank Phillip, 
Cliff POll 
Kalhy RUII 
6orboro Simon 
Jeff Graham 
Don Greene 
Mike Raber" 
Paul T eyssier 

Arll Depa,tment 
Tom 8eer 
Jay G illette 
Peter Gordon 
Larry John.on 
Lindo McAllister 
Sa'gun TonI 

Artists 
Sarah McKenna 
Allan Sekula 

Photog,aphy 
Jan Fronek 

Ad"ertising 
Depart menl 

Mo,k Triliing 
Su.an Code. 
Molly S.lvin 

Secretarial Staff 
George So,an ' Slev. Cahen 

• ' M . Ed Sheao Calhoun ~U t on09'"9 . 
Jo. Erutern · Copy Department 
Camy Sharick Sharon Weldy 

ProduClion Jim ills Ran<y 8,eece Patty Smith Da.e Buchbinde, 
Debbie Montgomery 
GI.na Sch,o.Ie, 

The TRITON TIMES i. officially recognized and .upport.d a. a dudent new.pape, by Ih~ C~mmunicalion • • ~rd 
of lhe University of Califo'n ia, San Diego. Building 250, Motth ..... Campu •• La Jolla. Cal,fo'noa 92037. Publication 
i. twice weekly on Tuesday. and Friday •. Offices art. Iac?Ied in 'oam 117. Blake Hall. an Ihe Re.ell. Campu •. For 
Advertis ing phan. 453· 2000. X1017 , fa, ed,Io"al or new. phoneXl016. 

Page 4 Triton Times February 2, 1971 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR .... 

Repression In 
The Sub-Culture 
THERE WILL BE NO 

BENEFIT FOR ANGELA 
DAVIS CLOSED BECAUSE 
OF POLICE RIOT LAST 
NIGHT 

"Trials and Tribulations" is 
a very good rock group from 
Alabama. They performed at 

_ the White Whale Friday night. 
We know. We heard them 
there. They make beautiful 
sounds. 

"San Diego Vice Squad" is a 
very bad collection of sick 
human beings from the San 
Diego Police Force. They 
performed at the White Whale 
on Saturday night, We know, 
they attacked us there. They 
make ugly sounds. 

Around 1: ()() in the morning 
that Sunday, six men in 
business sui ts walked through 
the door of the White Whale, 
moved to the rear of the room 
and started putting people up 
against the wall. We protested 
verbally. We were attacked by 
these men in business su its on 
the patio in front of the White 
Whale. After a somewhat 
dissonant performance, they 
jailed us, charging each of us 
with : 

1. Assault on a Peace Officer 
2. Resisting Arrest 
3. Disturbing the Peace 
When we appeared for our 

arraignment on Thursday, we 
learned that the list has grown 
in the last four days; each of us 
were charged with five felonies 
a nd two misdemeanors 
including : 

L Assault on a Peace Officer 
2. ] nciting to Riot 
3. Resisting Arrest 
4. Possession of Marij uana 
5. Disturbing the Peace 

The preliminary trial will be 
Feb. 19. 

We desperately need 
witnesses who can testify about 
the actions which took place at 
the White Whale Saturday 
night. Please leave your name 
and phone number at x1625 or 
753-l7(19. One of us will contact 
you for a statement. 

Barbara Grinder 

John Grinder 

Who Is Blind? 
Last year I was employed by 

the San Diego City Schools as a 
reader. I read for a blind girl 
one hour every day. Du ring the 
course of the year I was 
saddened to rea lize tha t the 
blind are a typical, but 
forgotten minority. They are 

oppressed not only by lack of 
adequate facilities, but even 
more by the fear, ignorance, 
and indifference of others 
toward them. 

The girl I read for was a 
lively 'person who had been 
lonely for so long she didn't 
even recognize loneliness. 
Unlike most teenagers, she 
never complained of being 
oppressed or misunderstood. 
She remained cheerful in the 
face of a situation that would 
leave many of us completely 
devastated. When she walked 
through the halls people would 
go out of their way to avoid her, 
in the classroom they were 
afraid to talk to her. 

Shei would often joke about 
not having a date for a school 
dance, but I knew that no boy 
would ever ask her out because 
of the fear of being ridiculed by 
the more elite members of the 
social hierarchy. People were 
afraid that contact with her 
would entail unbearable and 
inescapable responsibilities. 
Yet we all have responsibilities 
toward our sighted companions 
that we . accept without 
thinking. 

Friendship and obligation are 
essentially synonymous. The 
problem lies not in the 
blindness of an individual, but 
in the blindness of a selfish 
majority that can see, yet 
refuse to. 

Julie Kurlander 

TT Stinks 

which 
groups whose 

are limited by 
them to publish 

which are biased 
this narrow range of 
ts . Thus, the 

is (or was) a 
only for 

ing articles 
a liberal point of 

there is no 
nt that the 
provide space for 
oppose this point 

DIMENSION was 
order that students 
rate political 
wou ld be able to 

their opinions. 
recently. a student 
has appeared which 

serves a group of students 
whose interests are based on 
racial , rather than political 
beliefs. Obviously, and by its 
own admiSSion , THIRD 
WORLD is dedicated to the 
proposition that Black and 
Brown people have the right to 
publish their own racially 
prejudiced opinions in a 
University-supported journal, 
without being required to 
provide space for articles by 
University students who oppose 
their point of view. 

We accept the right of liberal 
students to voice their opinions 
in print , a s long' as 
conserva tive students are 
granted the same right. 
Similarly, we will accept the 

.. ··~· .. HOIIDA 

From ... .., Cown, 
Honda has it all. 

right of Black and Brown 
raci&ts to voice their racist 
opinions in print. But we will 
accept this right only as long as 
students of otber racial origins 
are allowed to do tbe same! We 
are writing this letter, then, in 
hopes that students will read it 
and join us in our endeavor. 

It is our intention to organize 
a committee which will be sent 
to the Communications Board 
to request, nay, to demand , 
that white people have an equal 
right to publish articles of 
interest solely to white people. 

Although sti ll in thp 
beginning stages, plans for the 
propo ed, nay demanded , 

, newspaper are being drawn up. 
The paper is to be called FIRST 

WORLD. It will feature 
articles on white musicians. 
white athletes, and white 
political prisoners WHEE ALL 
POW 's!). In keeping with the 
precedent set by THIRD 
WORLD, this journal will 
(unofficially) give its full 
support to ultra-right-wing 
political groups. 

In this vein, articles have 
already been prepared which 
give a passionate , unrational , 
fervent and subtle 
incomprehensible account of 

the . o:i~in , history, and present 
actIVIties. of freedom fighting 
whIte-raCIst organizations such 
as the John Birch Society, the 
KKK, and the B.S.A. (Boy 
Scouts of America ). Also 
interviews with important 

That's how many times PSA Sacramento. and San Jose. 
connects San Diego with Los Wilh lowest air fares. Meet 

Angeles. HOllywood - ..... your campus rep 
Burbank. Onlario. hallway. Or your 

Long Beach. Oak- travel agent. Or PSA. 
land. San Francisco, ~}OU 

first-world leaders will be 
included ; the first issue will 
contai n an in-depth but 
com pletel y fictitious 
conversation with the Pope. 

Also, we would like to 
indicate that we have recently 
completed a preliminary cost 
analysis which shows that a 
monthly publication of quality 
comparable to that of THIRD 
WORLD would require funding 
on a pe r-issue ba sis of 
apprOXimately 87 cents and a 
six-pack of Coors. We feel that 
this is not an unreasonable sum 
and that' the Communications 
Board must comply with our 
demands, nay DEMANDS. if it 
is to maintain a policy of 
objectivity. 

However, we realize that 
racial equality is not among the 
trends in current University 
policies, and that support for 
the First World newspaper will 
be hard to achieve. Therefore 
we urge all interested parties 
to join in our cause and fight 
for the attainment of racist (if 
not racial) equality on this 
campus. Anyone wishing to 
participate in the struggle may 
contact the party chairman in 
his office. 

WHITE ON, BROTHERS! 
ALL POWER TO THE 
PEOPLE! 

Submitted by 
White Activist Student Party 

IS ... 'P 10 50%. Stud.nl, SUO . ,Ih 1.0. (ueepl Sot. h. 0' Spellol , .. f" .. onee) 
$2.50 & 2 .00 (Tue .• Wed .. Thu" .• Sun. E •••. ) $2 .00 & $150 (Sun. Malo. Jon. 24) 
\3.00 & 52.50 (Fri.. Sal. Ev ••. ) $1.50 Slu. Ih,u coiL & EnllSled Mil. 

Mary, Mary by~:c~:a~:::. 
a sprightly and spark/ing comedy 01 romantic 

'mari/al merriment 

balboa pork olb globe tbeotre on Ilog. 
phon. 

239.2255 
ofter noon 

Repertory 
Dance 

Theatre am sick of reading your 
letters to the editor column. 
,'1obody ever complains ; they 
either plug or praise. This Pacific Honda-1277 Garnet 
stinks, and I'm saying it stinks. 272-55 11 PAM BINKERD /488-1393 

F 
E 
B 8:30 P.M. Tickets $1 UCSD STUDENTS 

$2 ALL OTHERS 
Can't you people just once do Ir--:::~~::--:::==~::-~:::==:!lb::--:;_;:;;:~.~------------_-.J something that will make 
someone really mad? Or are 
you incompetent to the point of 

11th U( SD GYM 

harmlessness? .~~~~;;:: 
I hope this situation . ...:.~~~" 

improves. 
Raymond Johns 

Racist Wanted 
There are on this campus a 

variety of student publications 
which are officially recognized 
and funded by the 
Communications Board . These 
journals exist, as we see it, so 
that students of any of a wide 
spectrum of interests can have 
a medium in which they can 
present their beliefs and 
opinions. Accordingly the 
TRITON TIMES was 
established as a newspaper 
representing the student body 
as a whole, and a s such is 
required to maintain a policy of 
objectivity with respect to 
publishing articles dealing with 
anyl and all aspects of li fe on 
this campus. 

There also exist three 

THE GOLDEN OLDIE 
FILM SOCIETY 

Presents 

The February Festival 

Feb. 13 "The Blue Angel" 
- Marlene Dietrich -

"Bell, Book, and Candle" 
James Stewart - Jock lemmon - Kim Novak 

Feb. 20 

Feb. 27 

Jiri Menzel's 
"Closely Watched Trains" 

plus Mel Brooks 
The Critic 

(awo,d winning short) 

Viva Max 
Peter Ustinov, Johnathan Winters 

plus 
laurel a nd Hardy 

"Two Tavs" 
plus 

"Pigs is Pigs" 
and 

"Ben & Me" 

Series Tickets available at Urey Hall Box Office 

Ii 
I 
1 

,---- --------_______ CUlout ........ __________________ .... 

I 
I 
I 
t 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 

CAL JET CHARTERS ... , 
Europe 1971 

"Don·t be m"led by lower ",''os. ,nvost'gate hrsl' Fly with oor rel,able 
Charter croup Know lhe facl' on your charter .. ",.r bef",e you Slin yOU' 
apphcahon Don't take a chaoce WIth an unknown charter airline .. 

• WEST COAST TO EUROPE ·round trip. 
~ -It) 1. (81 ~ ) OAALANO 10 lC)N[)C)N LII Junt S $2711 

" LONDON IOOAKLANO Rd Aua 2" 

illS (86",,) LOS ANG(l£S 10 lOfo()()N L'II Junt Il $299 AMSTEItOAM 10 lOS ANCE.U:S A .. s."o 6 
.117 (83",,) OAItlAND IOAMS1£RO,W ltr JutIt 14 $299 AMST[JtO.U.t 10 OAKLAND Ret Stp; • 

'Ill (71",,) 
OAKLAND 10 LONDON 

.. AMSTERO.Uot 10 OAKLAND Lit Junt 16 S289 A .. A.4 lS 

' 118 
OAKlANO 10 LONDON lit June 16 $299 m .. >'! AMST£RDAW k) OAklAND 1It«- Aut. 26 

02SI c90doys) OAAl..AHO 10 AMSl£RO ....... Lv June 11 $299 AMSl(RQAM 10 0MUH0 
""A.4Z6 

1111' (61 .... 1 OA«lANOILA IO~ hJune20 AMSI(ROoW 10 LA IOMlAHO Rot A.4Z6 $299 
_IOLONDON 

.l16 (IIJIII>,! AMS I(IIOAIIIO ()Af(lAAO L_ Jtft20 $299 
"'Soot2O 

LA IOMlAAO toLOHOOH 
'l17 CI7 do>'! lv AInt 22 $299 AMSIIROoW to CWUANO/ LA 

·"Soot IZ 

illS (1'l .... 1 LA./OAJCV.HO 10 LOHOOH 1II",," $l79 
lONllOH .. (W(U\NO/LA. "" A.4 11 

.,lS 132 .... ' 
_1U. 1o AMSIEAOAM Lvq1 $299 ~TEAOAM .. LA.1O.IIClANO R,C. StoI. 1 
OMlAN)/ lA toAMSfERDAM l •. ~. ~ 

'319 130 .... ' AMSIEAOAM .. LA 1_ 11,1. Soot Z 
' .ONE WAY TO EUROPE. 

.U6 ...... ()Af(lAHOllA .. LOMlOIO L.~20 11)9 
". ....... 0IWNf0IlA 10 MlSTEMlAM lw .... 15 11)9 
'n) ...... (w(lAHOllA" .... S1E_ lw An II lIlt 
' 116 .... " DNCiMOIlA ...... 51(_ Lv J\.N 24 1179 
'127 

""'-" 
DNCiMO/LA .. AMSTEMlAM b s..' IIH 

'115 on ... " ()Af(lAHOtU ...... 511_ lw SIDL 2! 1129 

NEW YORK TO EUROPE 
·nz 'n .... 1 Nl'fI/ YaIft .. MIS!£ROAM Lv """'19 U IO AMSII_IoN(W'/OIII 

.... StoI15 
Il. ( .. ..,., Nl'fI/ 1!lM .. MlSIUOoW 

AMSII_ .. N(W VOM< L'II ""'"'29 
...... 31 

1210 

SPECIAL JAPAN FLIGHT 
.- C44do>'! _I\.A 10 TOfIIIl l, Jure 2fi IJ99 TOI<'/O .. LA/OAkWfO 

"" A.41 
SPECIAL AUSTRALIA FLIGHT 

J.ly lst f.,... .. ..t,: ',ite for .. f ..... I' •• 1I --.. IOUNO Til' OAllARD.SYDNEY un 
--rheUc";';;Fi;;';;'-;.-;;;I;';'-';;;k,";~~.i~tiY-;,;;j;;ii;'----

tho U'WVtrSlIl' of Clhlarn ... . nd mern1>e" of the, ."medlli. I."",oes 
There ar. NO II1OII(IISHIP ms. 
All ""his III' cert,lo;oled I,n",os IIy,", let equ'pment Complunentary 
mllls.nd bfm t!S _ '" ""hl 

'.~"'_t __ _ 
CeI.~ 

2t!lOa.-... Son''-'' c......14123 
Of wi (ANI .141$ 

122·1Ul 

t 
I 
I 
I 
I 
I 
2 
I 
1 
I 

f 
I 
I 
r~~_~_~_~_~_~_~_,!,_ ,!,_,!,_,!,_~ __ ~_~_~_!,,!_~_!,,!.~c,~ .... ~ .... ~_~~_~_ .. __ - _- _ .. _-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_.J_J 

h'Rinl SISSlOIlS 
1 .... Ih" S.1. 
1·30-10:00 

Sill. (OltllUOJS 
1:00- ' .00 

LET'S 
GO 

ROLLER 
SKATING 

Student's Carload Spedal 
On Sal. eve. S studenls-wiTh 
A.S.B. tords- will receive IS' 
discounl each on Ihell admission. 

JRI·ClTY ROLLER RINK 
212 So_ C.dros-Solana 'n(h 

Phon. 755-4151 

USt A""* DE LA PLAYA 

Phone m- Me5 

G,'C.".I, 
"'~"" 
• •• fl, .' 

WI •• , , •• , 

Triton Times February 2, 1971 Pag.5 

• 



Book Review 

Bringing Home the Poems" 

She is much more comfortable with, and better at, satirical 
verse and poems dealing with Nixonland itself: the Pentagon, 
the poverty program, guns in suburbia \and everywhere), 
television, ecological waste, and Crtme m the streets. An 
example is " Pentagonia:" 

to the White House 
Perhaps sharks act that way 
because we mistrust them. 

Why don 't we try loving them 
for their sharkly lovable qualities? 

It has been said that tbose 31 ,770,222 people who voted for 
Richard Nixon got exactly what they deserved. As for the rest 
of the country - the other 41 ,164,885 voters and some 133 
million innocents - what they got is the source of often less 
than tasteful speculation. Nevertheless, this silent majority 
now has, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness 
and in health, the Terror of Whittier College for their national 
leader. 

Some people despair over the situation, and others make 
jokes about it. Poetess Eve Merriam has done both and more in 
a fine series of political and satirical verse entitled The Nixon 
Poems. The collection, illustrated by John Gerbina, carries a 
dedication "To the Constitution of the United States of 
America," and was apparently spawned by Miss Merriam'S 
aversion to what she calls " the dickystate ." By this she means 
Nixon in particular and the middle class malaise he represents 
in generaL , . 

Of ixon, the poet admits even that " I cannot pronounce hiS 
Presidential name .. . As tbough descending into personal 
shame." And all that Nixon is or is seen to be - deceptive, 
unimaginative, small, dangerous - is recorded in Merriam 's 
tight political style, as in the following piece, " My Prez:" 

MYPREZ 
of whom 

else can I say 
that 

when he does 
something good 

there is 
a bad reason for it 

Article by 
Jay Gillette 
Arts Wri ter 

For their shark teeth, 
for their snapping jaws, 

for their gulpability. 

Another excellent piece is her summary of 
HUBERT HORATIO HUMPHREY 

"Water appears to be my natural habitat," 
the fish allowed , 
"but perhaps that is only because 
I have not yet experienced dry land 
or a frying pan.' 

But by far the finest p,oems in the collection are the series 
"Aesop in Washington, ' which reflect what the o,ld fable.maker 
might say if he found himself in that fabled ,caplt~! ~unn~ the 
Nixon regime. Aesop 6, "The Crow and the Pitcher IS typical: 

An elderly crow, nearly dead from thirst, came upon 
a pitcher that had very little water in it 
and he could not reach his beak far enough down to get at a 
single drop. -
Wearily he took a pebble and dropped it into the pitcher 
where it made a slight splash. Then he dragged another 
pebble across the ground and dr?pped that into the pitcher. 
Then another. Then another and another. 
At Jast the little bit of water was near the top and 
he would finally be able to drink. 
Just then a shot rang out and broke the pitcher and the 
water 
trickled out to the ground. 
" Alleast it didn't hit me." said the crow as he died of 
thirst. 

Yet political poetry in general has its difficulties, a.nd 
Merriam has been unable to avoid them. One of the major 
faults is that political poems by their very nature have an 
obvious surface meaning to the reader, often without 
secondary meanings. They are designed to make clearly 
defined points, to display the poet's ideas rather then to allow 
the reader to come to these ideas through his own. And often 
the poet's view overcomes the usefulness of the poem itself, as 
when Miss Merriam complains of the stench 

Tbe Nixon ' Poems by Eve 
Merriam 

MORAL: There has to be a generation gap 
Eve Merrtam has largely succeedetl in depicting the quality of 
life under tha t Prince of the Middle Class who rules in 
Washington. That it is a sad and often bitter picture is simply a 
reflection of the times. And the fact that there are at least still 
remonstrative poets is some small consolation. For the 

Re~.ublic of Nixon, like that of Plato, makes no provision for 
the poets, and we are surely not the better for it. 

Illustrated by John Gerbino 
Atheneum Publishers $495, 
paperback $2.9;;. 

f rom the factory 
stamping medals for the Nixon era 

of shit cast in bronze. 

Drama Review 

The Block Crook 
Rides Again 

Thomas McCammon 
Arts Writer 

George Szanto's mu ical 
comedy "The ew Black" 

open~d at Southwestern 
College Tuesday night to an 
audience thick with Doctors of 
Philosophy. Their presence 
was litting because it is a very 
profe sorial comedy, its 
humor generally evok ing sly 
smiles rather than open 
laughter. 

The play is (according to the 
program ) loosely based on " the 
first A merican musical 
comedy ever," "The Black 
Crook ," first produced in 1866 
and barred from the San Diego 
stage as a "girlie show" in 
1874. "The New Black Crook" 
is set in Germany in the years 
1603 and 1604 and tells the story 
of how odolphe (William 
Albright), an artist, and Amina 
(Robyn H nt l. his beloved, foil 
the co lflicting schemes of 
Count Agnostopolou s von 

Wolfen~ tein (Ray Turner ), the 
man wi 0 ,made ~hc D::trk Ages 
Dark. l:nd Byron Hertzog (Ron 
Ray ), lhe Black Crook, 
combinltion alchemist and 
capital sL 

perfect prospect. In the end of 
cour~e , the plans of the Black 
Crook and the Count are utterly 
defeated. Rodolphe manages to 
fulfill the terms of a contract 
with the Black Crook, thereby 
saving his soul. Amina , in a 
tremendous victory for do-
gooder anarchism , gives all her 
ancestral lands to the peasants 
who have always lived on them. 
At the end, Rodolphe and the 
Black Crook vow eternal 
enmity and constant warfare 
against each other. 

Amira . a young woman of 
unknoy'n parentage (she was 
stolen ~s an infant by vengeful 
gypsies, of course l. is revealed 
as the sole heiress to great and 
noble feudal holdings, and the 
bankrupt Count plots to recoup 
his ruined fortune s by 
marrying her. The aging Black 
Crook, having contracted to 
supply the archfiend Zamlel 
(David Meyers l with human 
souls in return for extended life 
and renewed youth. ttles on 
th young Rodolphe as th 

The A-number-one per-
formance of the evening was by 
Wayne Smith, who appeared at 
the beginning as an impresario 
and returned in the play itself 
as Greppo, apprentice to the 
Black Crook and companion to 
Rodolphe. The music is good 
and the whole production 
proceeds smoothly and 
professionally. The special 
effects , especially the 
conjuring of spirits, whose 
appearance is accompanied by 
authentic fire and brimstone, 
arc cx,.l'Ilent-

"The ew Black Crook" is a 
long play (nearly three hours ) 
and many scenes could be cut 
to the great benefit of the 
produ c tion . My own 
nominations are th utterly 
incomprehensible dance 
sequences in which actors and 
ordinary dancers are joined by 
highly trained ballet dancers. 
The effect is noncomic 
confusion. 

It's hard to 10 ,so if you 
have the chance. cruis on 
down to Southwestern College 
and take in "The N w Black 
Crook:' Whether you like it or 
not, you'lI probably get to see 
all your favorite professors. 

Page 6 Triton Times February 2,1971 

PO'SSIBILITIES 
Guess Who-Elvin 
Bishop in (oncert 
The GUESS WHO will be 

headlining a casual concert at 
the San Diego Sport Arena, 
Sunday, February 7 at 4:00 
p.m. Joining GUESS WHO will 
be ELVIN BISHOP, REDEYE 
and TOWER OF POWER. 

Sunday's concert will be the 
first San Diego appearance for 
GUESS WHO. Not only their 
own personalities but a long list 
of single hits and albums have 
made their popularity sky-
rocket in the last few years. 

The group, originally from 
Canada, consists of Randy 
Bachman, lead guitar and 
writer of most of the material 
for GUESS WHO : Burton 
Cummings, lead vocals , piano, 
organ and rhythm guitar ; 
Garry Peterson. drums; and 
Jim Kale. bass. Some of the 
well known hits that will be 
heard from GUESS WHO will 
be " Shakin ' All Over ," 
" American Woman," "No 
Time," and " Hand Me Down 
World." The audience will 
undoubtedly hear sounds as 
never heard before. 

debut here in San Diego and 
will greet the audience with 
tunes from their new album 
"Redeye." including their hit 
"Games." The group has four 
members who are Bob 
Bereman , drums and 
percussion ; Dave Hodgkins, 
guitar and vocals: Dougla 
"Red " Mark, guitar and 
voca ls; and Bill Kirkham , bass 
and vocals. 

Tickets are $4.75 in advance 
and $5.00 at the door. They are 
available at Sneaker Inns, Bill 
Gamble's Mens Stores, all 
Central Ticket Agencies and 
the Sports Arena Box Office 
(224-4176 ). 
TV' 5 Alter Ego-
BRAND X 

BRAND X shoves it home to 
Proctor & Gamble soap 
products, broadcasting barons, 
and Mr. and Mrs. Middle 
America inte\1ectua\1y wasting 
away in front of the boob tube. 

BRAND X will Massage your 
Medium as a raunchy parody 
normal television of 
programming. A hospital soap 
opera turns into an orgy on a 
patient's bed . A commerical 
shows a classy red car cruising 
down a country road with a 
couple on the hood , naked and 
making it. Abbie Hoffman 
bathes in a tubful of money. 
And a unisexual paragon fools 
the panel on " What' s My Sex? 

Though many of the 

Andy Warhol's merry Andrew 
Taylor Mead, on the air , even 
though ' technica\1y, it could be 
done . That is the fundamental 
joke of BRAND X. It 
transgresses the last taboo, the 

sanctity of the tube. 
BRAND X will be shown this 

Saturday night, Feb. 6, at 7:30 
and 10: 15 in USB 2722. The 
program is sponsored by 
ASUCSD, admission is 75 cents. 

ELVIN BISHOP is a group 
that evokes togetherness. The 
group consists of Elvin Bishop, 
guitar and vocals ; Jo Baker, 
vocals ; Stephen Miller . organ 
and vocals; Kip Maercklein, 
bass : John Chambers. drums : 
and Perry Welsh, manager and 
vocals. All the members are 
eager to please the audience 
and frequently make everyone 
a part of what is happening on 
tage by encouraging them to 

use their hands, feet and 
voices. ELVI BISHOP will 
make you feel the music . 

REDEYE is making their 

"shows" in this often very 
funny film involve the indecent 
expo ure of televi sio n' s 
inanities, some episodes are 
merely silly and irreverent. 
t:veryone knows that they 
would never run a slapstick 
weather show, a lunatic 
Presidential press conference 
and a sermon Improvised by 

J UI Jobnston, colamnl t 01 tJ.e VILLAGE VOICE, lathor of 
MARMALADE ME, will read and rap abeet tJ.e G.y 
Revolatlon related to Women's Ub or uy Ilberatloll, and 
sexaalldentlty In art or .aythlnl, . .. otJ.er"Ualverlll Matter 
of Cuntsequence", .•. toalleat I pm In tbe UCSD Art Gallery. 

Anchormen Win 91 -88 

Exciting Game Ends in 3-Point loss for Tritons 
The nationally-ranked Rhode Island College 
Anchorm~n recei~ed quite a scare from the unheralded 
UCSD Trttons Frtday night in one of the most exciting 
games of the year at UCSD. In the end, by the saving 
~race of excessive UCSD louIs, Rhode Island found 
Itself on ~e winning side..of the 91 to 88 score. Four out 
of five Trtton starters had fouled out by the end of the 
game. 
. The A~chorm~n .. brought a tall team and a number of 
ImpreSSive statistiCS with them on their road trip out 
West, but th~se failed to impress the Tritons as they 
~radually bUilt up a lead that they held throughout the 
ftrst ha~f : By halftime that lead was 13 points ; but the 

handwrttl~g was on the wall as both starting guards 
Jon Lelevler and Dave Wright, had committed thre~ 
fouls each. An interesting set of halftime statistics 
showed the Trttons shooting a higher field goal 
percentage of (54 ) per cent than their free throw 
percentage (50 per cent). 

~rian Todd had . already gathered 19 points, but the 
Trttons also received unexpected scoring help from 
center Mark Wilson, who contributed II points from 
r,ebounds and tiP-lOS. The other big man on the front 
hne, Scott Wright, ad~ed 8 to help the cause. However, 
the real story of the flr~t half was the aggressive full-
court defense of the Trttons that visibly bothered the 
Anchormen and caused many turnovers but 
unfortunately was also the cause of many of the Triton 
fouls. 

The Tritons held their lead in the early part of the 
second hal& and at the 10 minute mark the score was 
UCSD. 72, fihod~ Island. 62: Then with 8:20 remaining 

th~ Tritons received their first serious blow when Mark 
Wilson left t.he game with five fouls. This, coupled with 
a cold shoottn~ spell! enabled the Anchormen to tie the 
score at 74 apiece wtlh a little over seven minutes left. 
Soon afte.rwards Jon Lelevier fouled out, but San Diego 

. . sltll retamed a two point lead with 6'00 left Then the 

were still unable to take advantage of the situation and 
the lead changed hands several times in the cl~sing 
mlOutes. With only 38 seconds remaining the Tritons 
were down by two and called a time out. 

Unable to score, they were forced to foul Rhode 
Island, a~d the game was put out of reach, the final 
score agalO : Rhode Island College, 91 , UCSD, 88. 

~rlan Todd won the scoring battle against Rickie 
Wilson of Rh~e Island by hitting for 26 points. Wilson , 
who at one ttme was averaging nearly 28 points per 
game, was held to 11. Ray Huelbig and Donald Suggs 
were hIgh me? for Rho?e Island, each connecting for 21 
POints .. UCSp s fr~nt line was responsi ble for most of 
the Tr!tons ~onng, as Todd was followed by Mark 
Wilson s 17 potnts. and Scott Wright 's 12. 

Other Tntons m double figures were Jeff Carlisle 
who also had 12, and Dave Wright, who added 11 points: 
Added to Wilson 's 17 points were his 18 rebounds a 
figure made. even more impressive by the fact that the 

m~n from either team closest to him in rebounds was 
Bnan Todd, who only had half Mark 's totaL The Tritons 
outrebounded the taller Anchormen 35 to 28. Had it not 
been for the excessive fouls, UCSD might have upset 
one of the top rated teams in the NAIA 

JV Also Lo es 
The Junior Varisty suffered a similar defeat at the 
hand~ of the USIU Frosh team earlier the same 
ev~nlng . Le~din~ throughout much of the game, the 
JV s.fell. behmd In the closing minutes and lost 78 to 70 
Earher m the week the Westerners had beaten UCSD 
102 to 70 at USIU. Although the Westerners fielded a 
much taller team, it was the hustle of the Westerners' 
star ~uard , Josh Grey, that made the final difference. 

H~ flntshed the game leading all corers with 30 
POints. High point men from the TrItons were Geoff 

Kostys~ak and Tom Bruice, who scored 16 and 15 pOints 
respectively. 
U:!;~D Todd

b 
drives for IWO against the University of Rbode Island last Friday. big gun, Brian Todd, fouled out second~ later ' 

ood b 
galve I e east~rn powerhouse, raled fourth in tbe NAIA College Division a Todd's Loss Hurls ' UCSD : 

g at! e before 10SlDg 91·88 ' Th I f Todd ' 
. e oss 0 s tremendous scoring ability put a Todd ~6 : Wilson 17: Wright D. 1 r, Lelevier 4; Gregory 

larg~ hole in the Tritons' offense, but they still hung on 6: Wrtght S. 12; Carlisle 12 : total 88 
despite an extreme height disadvantage. The score was Rhode Island College : 

last starter to foul out, left the game. The Anchor~en 14: Jordan 15 ; total 91. U C 5 D E d 9 e 5 U C L A tied 86-all with two minutes left when Dave Wright the Wilson 11 : Huelbig 21 : Suggs 21 : uggs J 9: Augenstein ------~---==---~~-------
In a ~ram~tic final -round finish, the UCSD Fencing Squad upset the West Coast 

champIOnship team from UCLA. Although Los Angeles was heavily favored in 
the. ten-man epee tournament held Saturday, the Triton fencers , coached by Jim 
White, scored a 50 to 49 victory over the Bruins, After 99 bouts the score was tied 
at ~9-49, (one double-loss was recorded) . The last bout pitted Triton Steve Murk 
a. first-year hopeful, agalOst UCLA's Bruce Takahashi. In that tense suspensefui 
fmal round , Mur~ blanked Takahashi 5-0 to give UCSD an unexpected and almost 
unprecedented Wlo over the Westwood Varsity. 

Top perf~rmance for UCSD was turned in by junior Howard Eno, who won 
seven of hiS ten. bouts. Richard Sax, Darryl DeVinney, Mike Jones and Steve 
Murk each won. SIX, to take second place. 

The . next. big tournament for the Triton fencers will be the All-Cal 
champIOnships to be held this Friday and Saturday in the UCSD gymnasium. 

LOOKING FOR BARGAlN5 IN 
OPERATION SU RVIVAL 

WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR? 

The Energy Certificate eliminates bOth the basis and the need 
tor all Social W~rk and Charity (we don 't need Social and Welfare 
Workers 10 rat,on out AIR, wh ich is now In ABUNDANT SUP PLY). . 
t It woul~ reduce Crime to btlt a small frattlon ot' what exists 
oday (C"me 1$ now our largest, most profitable business- and 

w,lI con t~n ue to incr.ease as our Pr ice Syslem continues to dislnte. 
grate, w,th ,ncreas,ng UnemploymenJ, etc ,). 
B(If YOu. feel the need of a bil of additional proof of Polit ics and 
E,g .Bus,ness contributing to the SELF.DESTRUCTION of our 

nVlronment- read "THE NUCLEAR THREAT INSIDE 
AMERICA" In Ihe Dec. 15, 1970 issue of LOOK, bV Look Senior 
Editor Jack Shepherd. Sub·caption : "HERE IT IS : THE ATOMIC 
ENERGY COMMISSION ALLOWS STRONTIUM 90 IN YOUR 
MILK, TRITIUM IN YOUR WATER , PLUTONIUM IN YOUR 
AIR AND MAKES WALLS GLOWI" 11 will REALLY Shake you I) 
C U yOU don't like the War, the Poverty, the Mlserv, the Worry , the 
a~~me, and the ENVIRONMENTAL POLLUTION , the Disease 
t. the Corruption, which the Pr ice System spawns-why do you s ,Ck with It? 

t ~ere we stand~ the brink of Economic Suicide. Most cer . 
a,nly within the next few Vears ; possiblV within the next few 

monthSI 
Vlrtuallv ALL ADULT AMERICANS can now see the utter fut,~lty of attempting to correct ANY Pol itical Part V <lust as the 

apnlc,ent Mule·Sklnner Is incapable of piloting our Super·sonlc Jet 
anesl. 

Ir EVERY AMERICAN-from M ilitanl 10 Ultra ·Conservative, Is 
, emendouslv concerned and worr led-DR SHOULD BE l Every 
~dRIOVldUal-1!Very !iroup, is ... rching dHl"r.telv (I N TH E 

NG PLACES)- for " Workable Answers" . 
S':~d they are not tlnding them! For Ihese WORKABLE AN . 
Pro RS do not exist In the framework of our present Political 

ICe System (just as the Answers to flying a super·sonlc ptane dO 
nol exist with the Mule·sklnner, regardless Of how well he "skun" 
mules, nor how gOOd a guy he lsi) 

Vet our present Polllical ·Economic "mess" was forseen and 
!~CUr;lIelY predlc ted-nearly 50 vears ago. Its components were 
SCICURATELY MEASURED and PROJECTED, along with Its 
t'st ENTIFIC SOLUTION, by a dozen or so of America 's top SCion. 
(h 5, TeChnologists, Engineers and Econom ists of such stature as 

aries Steinmetz, HOWlrd Scolt and Forest Veblen. 
SD~ext Issue: AN UNPRECEDENTED OPPOIHUNITY FOR UC. 
I' s STUDENTS, FACULTV AND ADMINISTRATORSI Oper • . 
'on Survival. P.O. 90x 2019, La Jolla, Calif ., 92037 . 

RECORDS 
-come in 

we think we have the bead 
. 

$ .1..98 no_w 
Lis' 4.98 
~_~ ..... ul ar 3.37 DOW 2.89 

Lis' SS8 
lar •. 17 now 3.$9 

Lis' 11.95 
8.64 now 7.50 

Three Days Only 

Feb. 2 -3 -4 

UNIVERSITY BOOKSTORE 

SAN DIEGO 
SYMPHONY 

EUROPE 
HOLIDAYS YOU CAN AFFORD 
Round trip iet - io TWA 
6 wk tour 11 coun'rie. $795 . 
9 wk 'our 13 countries $995 . 
10wklour 14countrie. incl. 
7 day cruise of 
Greek I.. $1195. 
Students and faculty only 
lox 726, Sierra Madre, Co . 91024 

.. ................. .. 

J .. . ... " - tw 
sensual & therapeutic 

WATERBEDS 
v,(O ~ fO(f. ~ ,,0\ ~ .'o~'V() 
10-i.., i,.trol"dor, •• le 

KING $5500 
SIZE 
Health"". I .. ff .. SI .. p 

The Waterh ole 
....... 42t2 
2110-,.1 t II eel'" """. 
. ..................... . 

If 
yo It. "'ttr •• lttf 10 ... t., eyel .. 

... _4. e ..... ,.,. 
,- ,lett eM .u, plao .... 1. ~rtod 

.... H .. fih I., , •• 
No phone (ails 

Stop in ond see John 

PAC~r1C 
Y~MAKA 

1&51 ,Ir • • t IWI 
.eilic '"e. .1I-IiU 

Triton Times February 2, 1971 Page 7 



TUESDAY 
February 2 

I p.m .. 307 Vaughan Hall : Dr. 
John Craven. " New Vehicles and 
Platform for Oceanographic 
Research." 

4 p.m .. 307 Vaughan Hall : Mr. P. 

4 p.m., Lieb Amphitheater : Dr. 
David Korn, Stanford University, 
"Control of Episome Replication in 
E. Coli. " 
DISCUSSIONS-7 : 30 p .m., 

3:30 p.m. 3020 USB , Revelle, 
Economics Seminar, Dr. Douglas 
Purvis. University of Chicago, 
" MoDey and Growth." 

LECTURES-I :30 p.m. 2402 2A : Christenson, " Activity Coefficients in Mixed Electrolyte Solutions. ,. 
- Challenger Hall lounge : faculty· 

SPORTS-6 p.m. basketball, UCSD 
vs. Cal Poly (San Luis Obi po) 
here. 

Solid State Physics Seminar ; Dr. 
B. Muhlshlegel, University of 
Cologne. "Electronic Properties of 
Small Metal Particles." 
• 3 p.m., 2145 Ritter Hall ; Robert 
W. Piddington, "Central Control of 
Auditory Input in the Goldfish." 

3:30 p.m., Sumner Auditorium ; 
SIO departmental seminar ; Dr. 
Robert Paine , Universitv of 
Washington , " Interlidal 
Community Structure - An 
Experimental Approach." 

4 p.m., Lieb Amphitheatre ; Dr. 
Solomon Papper, University of 
Miami , "The Hepatorenal 
Syndrome Revisited." 
DISCUSSIONS-7:3O p.m., 4th 
floor Blake lounge ; student·faculty 
discussion with Dr. Tom Bond. 
MEETI GS-II a.m., pool patio: 
women's conditioning noon, pool 
patio ; men's conditioning 3:30 
p.m., HL Auditorium ; Revelle 
fllculty meeting 
POETRY- 8 p.m .. Art Gallery : 
Jill Johnston will read from her 
poetical autobiography. 
RADIO-ll p.m., KFMB (760 ); Dr. 
Thomas Rusk will be guest on 
" Topic " to discuss " The 
University and the Fifth Clinic." 
MOVIES-noon. USB 2622 : AMES 
Fluid Mechanics Film Series. 
" Flow Instabilities." 
SPORTS-Wrestling- 7 p.m.. in 
the gym : UCSDvs. UCR 

WEDNESDAY 
February 3 

LECTURES-noon. 2100 BSB: 
euroscience Seminar. Dr. Felix 

Strumwasser. "Cellular Basis of 
Behavior in Apylsia " 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 

327 F st. 

4 p.m., Lieb Amphitheatre : Dr. 
Robert Averbach, University of 
Wisconsin . .. Ce 11 u la r 
Differentiation and the Immune 
System." 

4 p.m., 2622 USB : Physics 
Colloquium : Dr. W. Thompson, 
" Progress Towards Diffusion." 

4 p.m .. 3060 USB : Kay Romero, 
" Poetry and Journali m- Any 
Connection?" 

4:30 p.m .. 2105 Bonner Hall : Dr. 
Jame Lippincott. CB, " Initiation 
and Growth of Crown Gall 
Tumors." 
MEETI GS-7 p.m., 4020 U B; 
Open meeting of Alpha Sigma Phi. 
Visitors welcome-future plans 
discussed. 
SPECIAL EVE T-8: IS a.m., 
Conference Room 1l1·A : campus 
orientation program. 
RADIO-ll p.m., KFMB (760): 
Mr. Don Wilkie and Miss Pat 
Kampmann to discus, "What's 
New at the Aquarium Museum" 

THURSDAY 
February 4 

LECTURES-2 :30 p.m .. 2402 2A : 
AMES Fluid Mechanics Seminar: 
Professor Michael Williams, UCB, 
" Drag Reduction." 

3 p.m .. Revelle informal lounge : 
The Career Education Planning 
Center presents . a seminar on 
careers in urban planning and 
community development. 

4 p.m .. 2622 USB : Astrophysics' 
Space Physic Seminar: Dr. M. 

Imer . " Fact and Fiction 
Concerning the " keV Co mic X· 
Rays. " 

., 

tudent discussion with Dr. 
George Szanto. 
SPORTS-5:00 p.m., wrestling : 
UCSD vs. San Fernando Valley 
here. 
SPECIAL EVENTS-8:00 p.m., 

SB 2622 : Organic Chemistry 
puzzle session. 

3:00 p.m.. Revelle informal 
lounge : The Career Education 
Planning Center presents a 
seminar for careers in urban 
planning and community planning 
and development. 
MUSIC-8:30 p.m.. San Diego 
Community Concourse Theater : 
San Diego Symphony Orchestra 

FRIDAY 
February 5 

LECTURE -12 noon . Sumner 
Auditorium SIO, Marine Biology 
eminar. Dr. Reuben Lasker , 

" Predation by Marine Copepods on 
Fish Larvae." 

I : 15 p.m., Lieb Amphitheater -
Timpken Sturgis Bldg.. Sydney 
Salmon. M.D .. UC F. " Induction 
of Lymphoid Graft Tolerance for 
Adoptive Immunotherapy in Man ." 

3 p.m .. 5013 Basic Science Bldg .. 
School of Medicine , Arne· 
Bioengineering Seminar. Dr . 
Richard Wendt, Loyola niversity, 
"Critical Examination of the 
Irreversible Thermodynamics of 
Membranes." 

9 a.m., fencing All Cal 
Tournament here 

I p.m .. swimming. Golden Coast 
Relays. UCSB . 
MOVIES-USB 2722. Friday Night 
Flicks, Fellini's "8'h" . 
MUSIC-8:30 p.m.. San Diego 
Community Concourse Theater : 
San Diego Symphony Orchestra . 

SPORTS 
WRITERS 
NEEDED 

******** 

see 

ROCKY 

3 p.m. 1205 Humanities Library • 
Bldg.. Revelle. Ames Fluid 
Mechanics Seminar. Prof. L.S.G. 
Kova sznay. "Turbulent Shear 
Flow." 

triton 
times 
office 

PAYS DONORS 
for services 

1M "n/fAl1.l 
S4,£6~ 

~S«JNP'p() 
7fr3laD 

Mimi Farina 
and Co. 

plus 
Robb Strandlund 

Mon. thru Sot. 

233 - 8328 

Free outdoor (on(ert 
in the Revelle Plaza 

12 noon, Feb. 5. 
Country Rock. 

The 

Hollywood Cowboys 
are the group. 

Also 
Friday night February 5 

a free dance 
at the Muir Cafeteria 8 P.M. 
sponsored by the ASUCSD 
\, ~----------------~ 

Fri.·Sot.·Sun.-open 8 p.m. 

E 
WITH FAT ANKLES 

C' LAS S I FIE 0 S 
For Sale 

'67 VW. Excellent running 
condition. $1250., or best offer. 
call 453·1704. Chris. 

Service. 
Typlng-for accurate Typing on 
electric piu-tum papers , 
theses, manuscripts etc. call 
Mrs. McCroskey 217·1607 

DISTINTIVE TYPING 
A BETTER BED! King size 
water bed, $55.00. The Water 
Hole, 4282 EI Cajon Blvd. 280-
2611. 

· IBM EXECUTIVE 

COSMETICS. For ' 9·25( Sam· 
pies of Randal non-allergic 
Cosmetics, (made from fruits, 
herbs, ferns, flowers, etc. and 
no harmful che.miGlsLJ end 
only51.00 toRandali Cosmetics 
P:O. Box 2019, La Jolla, Calif. 
State of skin is dry, normal, or 
combination. 

Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates. Satisfaction is the end 
: prC!duct. Hel~n 4~ 

Nikko 70· Watt RMS Stereo 
Receiver AMI FM Tuner, Pre -
Amp, Amp. List 5239 New. 
Absolutely Must Sell Within 2 
Weeks. DAV E : 755·6192 

SKIERS 
Almost BRAND NEW "Lange 
Pros" 8·1/ 2 M. Will Sell 112 
price. CALL : 755·3990. 

For Sale-1967 Datsun, 4-door 
Sedan, Automatic, Good Condi-
tion. Radio. $1,045. Phone Lewin 
Xl072 or 454·7352 

Personals 
ROOMMATE WANTED 

Students with house in Del Mar 
have room for 1 female. Rent 
$65. All necessities provided. 
Call 7~990 evenings. 
Wanted : 10·Speed bike 23" or 
24" in good condition. Call 454· 
5613 

BABYSITTER wa"ted Mesa 
Apts. 10 hours per WHk until 
June. Prefer baby 10 ling stu· 
dent with own transportation. 
453·8783 

EARN EXTRA MONEY 
Full or Part·Tlme Employment 
at Any Age in a Ladies Industry . 
Thorough Training Furnished. 
Formore Information or Inter· 
view Call : 214·7800 

Europe Charters . Severll 
schedules available . Coor· 
dina tor: Professor Ma rga ret 
Paal. 247 Roycroft, Long Beach, 
90803. 213·438·2179 

Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 
Try James Automotive Service 
American and Forelen cars 
Repairs and Polution control. 
Student Discount 7741 Herschel 
La Jolla (in the rear) 459·9111 
Typing . .. Experienced 
typist .. .term PIPers, theses. 
Electric typewriter. Will do 
rush jobs. 453·6135. 
Income Tax, Federal and State 
Returns Preparations Discount 
for Students, Staff, and Faculty 
Call : 453·7708 

$269 RT LA to Europe 61 16 to 
9/ 15 or 61 30 to 91 8 
Large Savings on cars and 
charter flights to Israel, 
Greece, other countries. 
Prof. BenUer UC. (213) 277-5200 
c/ 0 Sierra Travel of Beverly 
Hills 9875 Santa Monica Blvd" 
Los Angeles, 90212 

Find the Photo Shack in La 
Jolla and get your films 
developed well but cheaply ; 
near Safeway, near Texaco. 
Kodak and Minolta cameras 
and accessories. 
20 slides at $1.19 
Super 8 movies 51 .19 

If you can drive it, 
weill insure it 

for less. 
No matter what you drive - from a conservative Volkswagen to a radio 

cal hot rod - we can save you money on your car insu~ance. 
College Student Insurance Service has been working with the Auto 

Insurance Industry for 5 years to prove that college students deserve 
lower rates on their car insurance. Now, if you're an Associated Student 
member, you can get Group Discounted Auto Insurance at an average sav· 
Ings of 48% in California. Plus, you can continue your coverage after 
you're out of school. 

For a personal quote, call CSIS today. 

We feel that you shouldn't have to pay more to insure your car than yOU 
did to buy it. 

5090 College Ave. 
583·9393 

e.s.I.s. We're on your sid •. 


