
'Playful, Pea(eful Crowd' Rally 
Exclusivi to thl TRITON TIMES 

'rom Rag" ShowIlY 
Washington Bureau Chie' 

NEWS ANALYSIS 

WASHINGTON D.C. - This city's ninth anti-war 
demonstration since 1965 proved Saturday that there are still 
those who believe visible protest will influence the government 
in its Vietnam war policy. 

As in the past, the crowd was overwhelmingly young, white, 
and peaceful. But a few new touches dubbed the march another 
landmark in the history of this city's demonstrations. 

The most notable difference in this demonstration was the 
mOod of the crowd. As the WASHINGTON POST put it, " it was 
a playful, peaceful crOWd." 

At one end of the march-the elipse in front of the White 
House-as thousands waited for the line to move onto 
Pennsylvania Ave. , there was sporadic chanting of "peace 
now" and picture taking by tourists and demonstrators alike. 

At the other end of the march- in front of the 
Capitol-marchers shopped for the latest buttons and radical 
newspapers as they looked for places to perch as the afternoon 
speakers began their harangue. 

The size of the demonstration, as usual , was disputed by 
march organizers and city policemen. Whether it was 500,000 
or 175,000, it was agreed that the demonstration was bigger 
than anyone had predicted. 

Pensylv.ala Ave. Uapassable 
The demonstration was so large, in fact, that the mile long 

stretch down Pennsylvania Ave. was crowded from one end to 
the other for four hours. The MC at the podium kept repeating, 

"Pennsylvania Ave. is impassable-and they're still coming!" 
Another difference in the demonstration was the noticeable 

contingent of non-young participants. A POST survey of .500 
random marchers turned up 16 per cent who were 30 years of 
age or over. Explained one furniture store proprietor from 
Michigan, " I am a member of the silent majority who isn't 
silent anymore." 
There were many opportunities for the discerning 

photographer. Almost every statue on the Avenue was 
befriended by at least one enterprising demonstrator. The only 
statue to escape companionship was that of Benjamin Franklin 
(maybe because his paunch discouraged any climbers) . 

Too Maay Speeches 
At the Capitol end of the Avenue, one demonstrator waved 

the Vietcong flag from the top of the Civil War Peace 
Monument, which depicts America weeping on the shoulder of 
history. The afternoon program as usual included too many 
speeches. From Representative Bella Abzug (D-NY), the 
irrepressible women's lib matron, to Angela Davis' mother, to 
impressive Vietnam veterans against the war leader John 
Kerry, speakers hammered away at the scene. "End the 
war- now-yesterday, it's not too late." 

While the crowd threw frisbees, smoked pot, drank wine, 
napped, or chatted, words poured forth from huge speakers on 
the west side of the Capitol, facing the Washington Monument. 
The crowd's attention was salvaged, however, by the strings of 
Peter, Paul, and Mary (" Blowin' in the Wind ," ) and Country 
Joe MacDonald (" Feel Like I'm Fixin' to Die" ), who led off 
with the familiar " What's that spell?" and cheer. The number 
of amusing vignettes provided good copy for the Sunday 
morning's edition. 

triton ti 
Volume 13, Numhr , University .1 (a'il.rllia, Sa .. Dieg. 

Armed Robbery Attempt; 
Thefts Plague UCSD 

Fronk Phillips steal anything, Torrens said up their patrols of tile 
Stoff Writer that two burglars were luckier dormitory areas at Muir and 

Crime at UCSD has escalated in a similar holdup about a Revelle. Every night there will 
with an attempted armed week earlier. be a policeman at each dorm 
robbery in the Muir Dorms last On April 17 a student area fulltime, rather than 
Wednesday night. UCSD police returned to his room in Beagle periodically. Chief Torrens 
chief William Torrens said that Hall on the Revelle Campus said that crime on campus is 
no arrests have been made in after a shower, to find two increasing just as it is off 
the case, or in a similar case persons searching his drawers. campus. He said this increase 
occurring about a week earlier. One of the persons told the calls for special precautions on 

Wednesday night at about 8 student, " Get into the room or the part of students. 

in Washington 
Halfway up Pennsylvania Avenue, marchers were cheered 

on by the peace-sign-flashing ballerinas in Welters School of 
Ballet. At the base of Capitol Hill, several members of the 
" International Christian! Youths" raised the "win the 
war·' placards, as 45-year-old Bernard Goodman of New York 
City, cried "Join up, you chickens, you murderers." 

Law EDforcemeat Busy 
The city's 37 different law enforcement agencies kept busy, 

although 9,000 volunteer marshalls, trained by demonstration 
organizers, made their work tolerable. The District of 
Columbia policemen are known for their coolness during such 
events, and took the trouble of renting vans to decrease their 
" visibility' . The official reason, given by police chief Jerry 
Wilson, wasn' t quite the same: " because Avis doesn't rent 
trucks." 

At noon time the Washington Monument grounds and 
Capitol Hill looks like someone had dumped last week's trash 
from a squadron of helicopters over the city. But, true to the 
promises of organizers, the litter was picked up so well that 
only the well-trampled grass remained as a reminder of the 
hundreds of thousands of visitors of the day before. 

The day's activities ended with a 12-hour concert on the 
Monument grounds that distracted campers in 35 degree 
weather. Most demonstrators were gone by Sunday night, but 
others stayed on as the militant people's coalition for peace 
and justice, led by Chicago Seven's defendant Rennie Davis, 
prepared for two weeks at escalating civil disobedience. 

Surely, any Washington resident could admire the marchers 
for at least one advantage over the half million visitors who 
had arrived three weeks earlier to gawk at the cherry 
blossoms: the traffic moved smoothly into and out of the city. 

Tuesday, Apri' 21, 1911 

p.m. a student was returning to we will kill you." The person Torrens said that crime on 
his room in Tioga Hall when he grabbed the student and told campus falls into several 
noticed that someone was his accomplice to " get the major categories . One 
tanding behind his door. As he gun." The student broke away persistent type of crime is 

walked into his room he saw and ran out of the building. bicycle theft. Recently a non-

The foyer of tbe Central Library is now 
bedecked by this original painting by Harold 

Cohen of UCSD's Art Department. The painting 
cover tbe entire wall facing the entrance. 

another person coming through Cameras, Radios Lifted student was arrested after 
his window. The person behind In the Beagle Hall burglary a refusing to explain why he was 
the door stepped. out and Minolta camera valued at $35 riding a bicycle which had been 
pointed a hand gun in the and a Sony battery pack valued reported as stolen. The person 
student's face . The person at $10 were taken. The su pects was booked in county jail but 
coming through the window dropped a radio and another was released because of 
fell , and the student jammed camera as they ran. Chief insufficient evidence to sustain 
the door against the person Torrens told the TRITON a successful prosecution. 
with the gun. The student ran, TIMES that "some of the same Another suspected bicycle 
and with a friend called the people are suspected in the two thief was not so lucky. A 
police from an elevator phone. incidents as well as other student reported the license 

Chief Torrens said that a crimes." He added that none of number of a car in which two 
search by police within the suspects in these crimes or persons were loading a bicycle. 
minutes of the holdup produced in any major crimes are A few days later police 
no su pects. Adding that the students at UCSD. arrested a young male as he 
two persons were not able to Campus police have stepped was putting a bicycle into a car 

. bearing the same license. The r---------------------..... non-student was booked into 
AS Balloting This Week 
Revelle Petitions Available 

Balloting for AS elections will take place through Friday 
this week. Ballots are available at election tables by USB 
2722. east of the Muir Commons. and at the Information 
Center , 250 Matthews. They will al 0 be sent to students by 
mail. 

In order to vot . tud nt must have th ir ballots tamp d 
a official and th ir regi tration card marked b ballot box 
ttendant . 

andidates for po ition on th Rev II Committ on 
olleg Affair and the Revelle Executiv ommitt may 

obtain_petition May 3 to Ma. 7 at th R vell Provo t" 
ffice . El lion for Revelle will be held May 13 and 14. 
Th int rested in Revell appointiv po ilion hould 

ubmit application to Barbara Johnson at th Provo r 
ornce and arrange to be interviewed by the newly elected 
RC A May 17 to 21. 

county jail and his trial is 
pending. 

UC Pnaperty Most V. I .. ble 
The most expensive category 

of crime, according to Torrens, 
is theft of University property. 
He said that there is constant 
theft of lab and office 
equipment. In some ca s the 
tolen items are recovered. 

One uch ca involved the 
theft of $2700 worth of mu ical 
in trum nts on th Matth w 
campu la t month. Two 
clarin t . on alued at $1000 
and the other at $460. have been 
recovered. ne uspect ha 
been identified and f Ion 
prosecution now being 

Berkeley Congressman 

Dellums Tours Military Bases 
to Check 61 Living Conditions 

Barbara Simon 
Stoff Writer 

" We are concerned about conditions under 
which GI's live," said Congres man Ronald 
Dellums at a San Diego press conference a week 
ago. The press conference in downtown San 
Diego came as the conclusion to a five day tour 
of military installations. The last visit was 
Friday morning aboard the U.S.S. Cons,.IIa,ion, 
an attack carrier that arrived in San Diego the 
day before. 

Dellums, a freshman congressman from the 
Berkeley area, explained that he didn't want to 
get trapped into writing form letters for 
information about life in the military. " Part of 
the tour was to raise the consciou ness of GI 
rights and we did this through talking with 
GI's," he said. 

Dellum m ntioned v ral major finding 
from hi vi it to Ft. Dix. Ft ~ra g, til 

on t llation and oth r ba " Heroin 
addiction is Crippling peopl within th 
mililar ," wa on of hi comm nt . 

"W may find that man condition in th 
mililar give ri to drug addi tion.·' Dellum 
continued. question h a k i , " What is 
mililar e tabli hm nt re pon ibilit for 
treatment of drug addi lion? '· 

Dellums point to the corr lation that an 
addict within th militar will likely be an 

addict in the community. "We mu t begin to see 
addicts as medical rather than punitive 
problems" which the military perceive them 
to be, he says. 

A second area of importance for Dellums is 
the adjustment of the military to raci m. " We 
find a disproportionate number of minorities in 
the stockades," he says. In addition, he found 
the majority of poor and minority men in the 
lower ranks. 

From the perspective of education within the 
U.S., Dellums terms the problem of most 
minorities in the infantry as institutional. 
Because of inadequate schools, minorities score 
lower on tests, and therefore enter rank 
positions such ,IS the infantr ,say Dellum . He 
elaborates that an infantry rank means a better 
chance of rvi,lg on the front lin in Vi tnam, 
and therefor ther i an unu uall high 
p rcentage ot minority 
ca ua\tip in t 

" Now we r liz that w ha e onl ratched 
th urfa .. in inv li ating I fight .·' Y 
Dt>lIum . " Th re I no uch thm a d .. o oroc 
in th militar ," h beli v -

'Equal Protectio.' Applied to tbe Military 

D lIum saw youn m n 10 ca on on l'!"Y 
(eoDtiDaed OD PAle 3) 



GP1 1s Ignored 

UCSD Applicants Face Lottery 
J.H Graham 
Stoff Wriftr 

The UCSD campus is 
attractive. It must be; during 
last November alone, 2.286 high 
school students applied for 
admission. 1,208 lucky ones 
were accepted ; the 1,078 not-
so-fortunate were randomly 
rejected by computer. 

"Why? Why randomly ?" is 
the question asked so 
frequently by irate parents, 
high school counselors, and 
now by the TRITON TIMES. 

" Beca u se , " comes the 
expected answer. Random 
selection is used because it's 
the best of a limited number of 
poor alternatives, indicated 
Ron Bowker of the Admissions 
Office. 

Admissions to this campus 
have been customarily based 
upon date of application, he 
said, but an order [rom the 
President's Office to give equal 
weight to all applications 
received during November has 
made this impossible, Bowker 
explained. • 

Candidates for freshman 
status are asked to list a 
number of alternate UC 
campuses in order of 
preference on their application 
forms. Those not accepted here 
are redirected to the first 
"open" campus they listed. 
usually Santa Barbara or 
Riverside. 

Next Fall it s planned to 
choose half of the incoming 
freshman class on the basis of 
high academic achievement, 
and select the other half 
randomly. The student will 
state his grade point average 
(exclusive of physical 
education courses ) on his 
application ; it is expected that 
3.5 will be the lowest average 
seriously considered for 
selection by achievement. 

The major objection to G P A-
based admission is the lack of 
time available for processing, 
B3wker said. Prospective 
freshmen must be told their 
status by January l5-only 45 
days after the end of 
November . High school 
transcripts are completed only 
up to six semesters at that 
time . An "A" from one high 
school may not be the same as 
an " A" from another . 
Achievement test scores and 
similar factors complicate the 
issue. Finally, a strict reading 
of UC regulations holds that all 
qualified students are eligible : 
there is nothing to support the 
idea that one student may be 
more eligible than another. 

Priority coulfl be given to 
students residing in San Diego. 
it has been suggested , or 
perhaps out-of-state students 
should be barred, Bowker 
noted. But UCSD, he said , is 
already considered too much a 
local school , with 50 percent of 

TALK IS CHEAP. 
NOW YOU CAN LEUN A SECOND LANGUAGE EASILY, 
ENJOYABLY, PRIVATELY AND INEXPENSIVELY. 

Expand your horizons in a shrink-
ing world . Learn to speak, under· 
stand. read and write I 
Spanish. Or French. Or 
German. 

Learn by appoi ntment, 
at your convenience. With . ~ ~''---'''''' 
expert attention of your own , 
private instructor. Learn with 
Dr. M. W. Sullivan's exciting new 
approach to language instruction. 

No homework or studyi ng is 
involved . Just open you r mind. 
We do the rest. 

Ca ll to schedule your first 
lesson. It's free . 

2022 CAMlfoIO DEl RIO NORTH . SM< DlfGO. Co 92011 
291-9410 

.® !~!!~!~'~~!!~!!G~~!N~!~ 
An educ.hONI diVision of BenavlOtl1 ReMarch lJIboratOf"ies, Inc. 

Announc~m~nf 
WESTERN STATE UNIVERSITY 

COLLEGE OF LAW 
announces 

the start of new classes 
at its campus in 

IAN DIEGO 
"OW occopti"l mo" ."d womo" 
who ho.o • minimum of olthor: 

• :2 pari of o(ceptab" (ollege 
credit. (60), Of 01. 

• over 23 and h ... attainecl iPl'.'It(t",ol 
ability the eqlol i,at.nt of ob-. 
,t.1M dot.,mMeI by 'M" . 

Th. LL,I , ••• tt. co ....... ,ned il'l 4 teort" (Nft"tftll. clou ••. 
3 cleu-•• "'''.'. 3 hou,. ,.,(1.11. 

INROLL NOW .OR 
SEPTIMIIR 9th CLASSES 

( .... D., •• 4 fWllltt, eM"") 
_ .. ,-... ,_ ......... 

Front a.1I "C" Str •• h 
(opposit. the La. Library) 

Sa. Di.go 
232-6506 

Th. cloO' •• of II • Of J 0 will b. con'", •• IlPO" or.cf", otlotl 
from tho .. . .,.01 pro,ro," 01 the ( oJlo,. 04 Lo .. 0"'.""0 
lind., thorl e, vi the Stot. of CoMo,",. Grodual ••• ,. 
.k9Ib~ 10 tab the Col,'onwo Sto,. '01 ha" M OII Oft 

P.".2 Triton Times Tuesday. Aprll27.1971 

its studt!nts coming from the 
Greater San Diego area. Only a 
very small percent age of 
students here come from out-
of-state ; rejection of out-of-
state applicants would not 
significantly alleviate the 
'problem, Bowker stated . 

Bowker indicated tha t 
random selection is far from 
perfect The University sets 
admission quotas by campus, 
rather than by college, he said. 
At the end of November, new 
students are chosen from a 
common pool of all applicants . 
If an excessive number wish to 
attend one particular college, 
as happened to Revelle one 
year, then those that cannot be 
accommodated must be 
allowed to remain at one of the 
others, if they wish , he 
observed. Many do remain , he 
said, hoping to make an inter-
college transfer later . 
Advanced-standing students 
are especially unfortunate 
Bowker said ; a student who has 
gained advanced standing at 
Muir in a junior college may 
have to enter Revelle as a 
freshman . 

UCSD al lun by tbe TRITON TIMES artistic pbotocrapber. This rainy day picture was taken 
atop Urey Hall duriag San Diego's latest Harry of precipitation. 

Town (ouncil President States Views on U(SD 
Debbie Montgomery 

StaH Writer 
All of you know how you feel about La Jolla , but how does La 

Jolla feel about you? To obtain a businessman 's view of 
University students, Mr. Albert C. Blatz, president of the La 
Jolla Town Council and vice-president and general manager of 
the Robert F. Driver [nsuranceCo., was interviewed. 

" As a businessman in the area, I feel that UCSD can and will 
be a great asset to our community. I have always felt it should 
be the University of California at La Jolla rather than San 
Diego .. .1 feel it will be undoubtedly oneof the most successful 
learning institutions in the entire Umverslty of Callforma 
overall plan ." . 

Speaking on behalf of the La Jolla Town CounCIl, Blatz 
explained that there is a UCSD committee which acts as liaison 
between the University and La Jolla . This committee 
coordinates the University 's activities, keeping the Town 
Council informed on what is going on at the campus. 

" 1 feel that we have made some great inroads through our 
UCSD committee in understanding the students ' problems anc' 
in working closer together with the University ," he stated. 
"The lecture by Third College Provost Watson at the La Jolla 
High auditorium was , I thought, a point in fact. I felt Dr. 
Watson did an excellent job in answering question's to the 
people of La Jolla." Blatz added that many citizens had no 
conception of what Third College was before Watson 's speech. 

., 
lOUt, 'nIIA~ 
.,."S1Nt 
l$tlNP'''' 
7fm2() 

11M lOSE 
AID 

lOB STIA.DlUID 
ADMISSIOI 2.50 

FlI-SAT -SUI 

OPEISI PM 

Blatz feels the University has cooperated a great deal with 
the Town Council. As an example he mentioned Karl Keating of 
DIMENSION and Craig Starr of the Communications Board, 
both of whom spoke recently at a Town Council meeting. " It 
gave us a better idea of what is going on at the University." He 
also said that with this kind of cooperation, "ooth have to 
benefit. " 

Regarding students, Blatz finds there is " no trouble." He 
believes the " hippie element" is small . " I don 't feel there is 
any problem. There is more cooperation, better relationships 
than ever. From everyone I've talked to who goes to the 
University, the work is so tough , there isn 't much time to 
become hell-raisers. Of course there is a small element, but it 
is well contained. " 

Blatz indicated he is of the opinion that businessmen and 
merchants would like to see more students in La Jolla. To 
accomplish this. he is presently attempting to work with the 
University on finding part-time jobs for students in La Jolla . " I 
would like to see some merchants use available help on a part-
time basis. This would help acclimate students to our village." 

The Town Council would also like more student volunteers to 
participate in events such as the Rough Water Swim and the 
Annual Christmas Parade. 

The key to the whole relationship according to Blatz is 
cooperation. "The closer we La Jollans work with the 
University, the more beneficial it will be for all concerned ." 

" Frankly, if I'were a student and wanted to reside west of 
the Mississippi, I couldn't find a better university on the west 
coast. The school has an excellent library and has a fant1lstic 
location. Our future community leaders will eventually come 
from UCSD, so it behooves La Jollans to reevaluate their 
immediate problems, and for UCSD students to adjust to their 
environment. .. 

lOW lOW RATES 
D. RAKOW 
8Y APPTONlY 
281-4586 

HYPNOSIS 
TECHNICIAN·CONSULTANT 

SMOKING-WEIGHT ·MEMORY 
NERVES-CONFIDENCE 

INSOMNIA-SelF HYPNOSIS 

Now COMMUNITY 'BLOOD BANK 
tIIru 327 F st. 
May 2 

~~~_:':;~~~ORIY 
Students $1 .50 

( •• capt Sot E .. ) 

SHEEP ON 
THE RUNWAY 

Funn ymln Art 
Buchwlld'. c:omed)' Ctlper 
or Americln intervenllon 
oven •••. . . bumblinw 
bu reluent. become en-
t.nwled in A.i.n conniet .. 
• 2.10 1'_· ..... -. .... _ 1 
".00 I"". let ..... , 
12.00 I""'.""Aoo' '1 .21&...,') 
1 1 ,.10 1tIt. Hww c • . & .,.. ... MI. 

........... 

olb globr 
tl)fatrt 

PA YS DOlORS 
f.r services 
Tue •. thru Sat. 

233-1321 
n,PIIGNANm 

TEST YOURSElf IN YOUR 
HOME I 
ACCURATE RESULTS IN TEN 
MINUTES! 
TWO TESTS PER KIT 
PROMPT DELIVERY 
SEND :CASH, CHECK · OR 
MONErORDER 
PRICE:'6.95 PER KIT + .55' 
HDlG. CHGS. 
BE SURE PltODUCTS. INC. 

375 SyI¥OI\ Avenue 
Englewood Cliffs N.J . 07632 

Tritons Split, Win 3-2;' Lose 7-3 

Diomondmen Looking for 0 .500 Record: 8-10 Now 
The UCSD baseball team will 

have to wait at least another 
week before climaxing their 
belated start and reaching the 
elusive. .500 mark, set in 
January as the minimum goal 
for the season. Hopes were 
high Saturday after little 
Jimmy Robinson frustrated the 
visiting Cal Lutheran 
Kingsmen with his tantalizing 
assortment of slow curves, 
change-ups, and occasional 
moderately fast deliveries , 
sparking the Tritons to a 3-2 
win in the first half of a twin 
bill at the UCSD field. 

For Robbie, a junior from 
Los Angeles, the game was his 
first starting assignment and 
second win against a lone 
defeat. To Cal Lutheran, 
coming off a 3-1 win over USIU 
and boasting two victories over 
powerful La Verne, the defeat 
was its 11th one-ruo loss, 
bringing their record to a 
deceiv!ngly unimpressive 10-17. 
A 4-run outburst in the final 
inning earned the Kingsmen a 
7-3 edge in the night-cap, ended 
the Triton bid for a sweep, and 
lowered UCSD to an 8-10 season 
mark. 

In typical fashion, UCSD 
opened the scoring in the first 
inning of the initial contest and 
jumped to a 1-0 lead. Lead-off 

Dellums Visit •.• 

man Curtis Jenkins drew a 
walk, went to second on Dave 
Wright's sacrifice bunt, and 
came home when George 
Horman, batting third in place 
of the injured Steve Shepherd 
( .377) , drove a ground ball 
single through the right side of 
the close Cal Lutheran infield. 
The Tritons increased their 
margin in the fourth inning 
when Horman opened with a 
walk, went to third on Pete 
Yocky's double down the left 
field line, and scored on a 
single by John Shinn. 

With the infield playing 
close, Yocky held when Ron 
Bush hit a sharp grounder to 
Kingsmen thirdbasema~ Steve 
Petalin, who converted the hi t 
into a rapid double play by way 
of 2nd to 1st. Fortunately, 
Yocky scored the 3rd run when 
on the next play, Petalin threw 
wild to first on Chuck Bahde's 
bounder. 

Cal Latlleraa Scores 
1 ill Fiftll 

Cal Lutheran scored its 
initial run in the 5th inning on a 
single infield out which 
advanced the runner to second, 
and another single. The score 
was made easier when arm-

injured catcher Jerry Pittman, 
filling in at first base, deflected 
Ron Bush's attempted put-out 
throw to the plate from right 
field . On the next play, Ron 
ended the inning when he threw 
a perfect strike to Pete Yocky 
to thwart an attempted tag up 
from second. 

A walk and two singles cut 
the Triton lead to 3-2 in the 6th. 
But with only one out and 
runners on 2nd and 3rd, 
Robinson got the next two 
batters to ground out to Yocky. 
Jimmy then ended his mastery 
of the Kingsmen by setting 
them down in order in the final 
inning. 

Left-hander Guy Lowery ran 
into difficulty early in the 
second game, when after 
walking the first batter and 
striking out the next, 'he gave 
up a triple and two singles in 
consecutive order to give Cal 
Lutheran a 2-0 lead. Guy 
quickly settled down, though , 
and until being relieved after 
two consecutive doubles in the 
6th inning, retired the next 9 
batters in succession, and 14 of 
the remaining 16 he faced. The 
6th inning hits, however, were 
enough to put Cal Lutheran in 
front 3-2 after the Tritons had 
tied the count with solo runs in 
the 3rd and 5th . 

A potential big 3rd inning for 
the Tritons resulted in only one 
run due to some faulty base 
running and negligent base 
coaching. After being hit by the 
first pitch of the inning, 
Jenkins (. 281) stole his 16th 
base of the year and went to 
third when Dave Wright (.278 ) 
singled. With Horman (.333 ) at 
bat, Dave attempted a steal of 
2nd, but was tagged out when 
he came into the bag standing 
up, assuming no throw would 
be made. 

Double-Play FiD.Isbes 
TrilODS 

Jenkins scored when 
Horman 's hard grou nder to 
third was bobbled. Yocky (.283 ) 
then lifted a fly to left field and 
proved to be the last Triton 
batter for the inning when 
Horman, thinking there were 
two outs, raced past 2nd before 
realizing his mental error, and 
failed to beat the throw back to 
first. 

In the Triton 5th, singles by 
Jenkins and Wright and a base 
on ba lis to Horman loaded the 
bases with no outs, and 
provided an excellent 
opportuni ty to break the game 
open. However, though 
Jenkins was able to tie the 
score after Yocky's deep fly to 

base and was told that they were i>Elmg 
" restrained from movement" as a punitive 
measure. He says that he will be considering the 
question of the equal protection clause of the 
14th amendment to the constitution as it applies 
to the military. 

the hearings, reports Dellums. "The hearings 
will raise the whole question of Lt. Calley," he 
says. In Dellum's opinion, Lt. Calley is a 
"scapegoat of military high command." 

left, John Shinn (.280 ) grounded 
out to second and Ron Bush 
(.362) struck ou t to end the 
threat. 

The big inning for the 
Kingsmen came in the 7th 
when they scored three we II 
deserved runs on a single , 
sacrifice bunt, triple, double 
and single. A 4th was added 
when the disappointed Yocky 
threw wide to first after 
fielding what would ha ve been 
the th ird out. Shinn 's ground 
out to 2nd scored Horman in 
the boltom of the 7th after 
George opened the loser's half 
with a double. 

The tour of military installations was 
sponsored by the War Crimes Commission in 
conjunction with the Concerned Officers 
Movement, an organization within the military. 
Dellums has introduced a bill into Congress 
which ca lled for ad-hoc war crime hearings to 
be held April 26-29 in Washington. 

Many decorated military men will appear at 

Catholi( Theologian To Speak 
Father Gregory I:!aum . who IS 
une ul the be t knOll" . po t-
concilIar theologIans in the 
I::nglish- p akmg world . 11'111 
'peak Tuesda~' night at 7:30 in 
USB lilt Dr. Baum. who I ' 
currently at the .'Jew Schuol flJr 
Social Research In ,'\ew York. 
will speak on . ·Sucio log.\" and 
the Splrit.·· 

"Do you have a solution?" a member of the 
press asked of Dellums. "Yes," Dellums 
replied , "get out of Vietnam." 

" We don't have to export democracy at the 
end of a bayonet ," he continued. He feels that 
the Nixon administration is still committed to 
winning a military victory in Vietnam. 

Throughout the five day tour, Dellums 
attempted to avoid sensationalizing the 
situations on any particular military 
installations. After evaluating his notes, he will 
publish a statement which will serve as the 
basis for further investigations. The Tritons jou rney to meet 

nationally ranked UC Irvine on 
Wednesday, and then return to 
mee t Southern California 
College in a doubleheader here 
Saturday A return home 
engagement with Irvine at the 
UCSD field next Tuesday and 
an away double- header against 
Biola on May 8 will end the 
season. If altitude and spirit 
are the sole criteria. the 
Tritons will have their 
deserving .500 or better mark 
by that da te. 

r--.-------------------M------__________ ~ 
AVAILABLE IN COLLEGE BOOKSTORES 

rnicon AOOA filM 
The Contact Lens 

Wearers Solution to 
COMFORT 

2 5 On your purchase of Micon Aqua Film ' when ¢ presented to your favorite supplier. To val idate this coupon please fill in below . 
OFF 

~i~~~~~ii;~-¥-~-¥-"·'-----t~. 
MR , DEALER: Micon Laboratories, Inc ., Wauconda, III. 60084 
will redeem this 25~ coupon plus posta,e. Coupon void where 
proh ibited by law. taxed or otherwise restricted. 

ELECTION CONTEST 
LITTLE C's 

WIN A PIZZA 
CONTEST 

limE C's PIZZA WILL AWARD AN EXTRA LARGE PIZZA TO THE SIX 
WINNERS OF THE TRITON TIMES-LITTLE C's ELECTION CONTEST. 
GUESS THE TOTAL NUMBER OF VOTES THAT WILL BE CAST IN 
THE AS elECTIONS. THE SIX CLOSEST GUESSES WI LL WIN PIZZAS. 

NAME 
AD~ESS ________________________ ___ 

_______________ TEL ____ _ 

NUMBER OF VOTES 

IN CASE OF A TIE A DRAW Will BE MADE. DECISION OF THE 
JUDGE IS FINALNO MEMBER OF THE TRITON TIMES OR OF THE 
AS GOVERNMENT IS ELlGIBtE TO WIN. DEADliNE FOR ENTRIES 
IS 5 PM THURSDAY. 

LITTLE C's PIZZA 

453-6455 

Recreation 
ANGLING CLUB ACTIVITIES 

AprilLO 
;ro 

Half Day Ocean Fishing Seaforth Landing 
Local Wa ters 12 :30 - 6 p.m. 

Aprill7 All Day Bass Fishing UCSD Gym 
Lake Henshaw 4 a.m. - ? 

Mayl 
May8 
May 22 

Deep Sea Fishing 1 0 be announced 
Deep Sea Fishing 
Deep Sea Fishing Tourney 
Open to all Students, 
Faculty & Staff To be announced 

May 29,30, 31 Saltwater Fishing Safari 
Ensenada , ~exico 

All trips are open to any student or faculty or staff member 
of UCSD. Fishing equipment is available for people who need 
it. For further information call Ken Taniguchi at 224-1048. 

Note - All activities subject to change depending upon fishing 
conditions at the time. 

SURF CLUB 
Meeting Wednesday, April 28 

6:30 p.m. - 2 C - '110 

New Officers will be elected. 

Crime Increases ••• 
(continued from page 11 

cOhsidered by the District 
Attorney. 

The to tal value of stolen 
goods from the beginning of the 
fiscal year in July until now is 
$30,000. Torrens said tha t thefts 
are not concentrated. but have 
occurred throughou t the 
UniverSIty. 

On the . 'ligh ter ide of 
crime." Torrens reported that 
a police officer spotted a 
person cultIvatIng a garden in a 
remote sectIon of the campus. 
When the offIcer approached 
the person he threw something 
in a bu h and ran. The officer 
found a rlat 0 marIjuana plants 
in the bush. The canoibis 
farmer escaped 

Torren offered several 
suggestIOns for studeOl to help 
prevent thefts. whIch IS the 
major problem faCing campus 
police. He said that because of 

the number of transients on 
campus, students " have to lock 
their rooms just like in a 
hotel. ·· Torrens suggested that 
students " lock their rooms, 
lock their cars and lock their 
bikes. " 

Control of keys is an 
important factor in cutling 
down on thefts. Torrens said 
that one of the non-students 
arrested for bicycle :l,eft had 
keys to two different dorm 
rooms The police chief said 
that if tudents notice 
sq'a ngers hanging around 
dorm they should r~ort the 
persons to the Resident Dean's 
Offi e as well as the polIce 

Torrens concluded by saYlDg 
hat the IDcrease ID CrIme will 

neces ltate an increase 10 the 
sIze of the police depa rtmenl. 
He plans to ask for authonty to 
hIre two more polIce offIcers to 
bring the sIze of the 
department to 24 . 

. ************************** 
* * 
: ASUCSD AND : 
* * * * 
: THE PROGRA~I BOARD : 
* * 
* * : PRESENT : 
* * ! JESSIE DAVIS ! 
: n u : 

: I * DAN HICKS AND * I HIS HOT LICKS I 
i SJ\T)lAY I I 
* 8PM * 
* * * INTHEGYM * 

·1 i TICKET VAllABlE T * TIlE L'REY I!Ul BOX FFI * 
*************** .... ********~ 

TII.day, April 27, 1971 Triton Times Pag.3 



= 
,he optllion. e.prossed Oft ...... pG9ft are tho .. of .... outho" who .. nome. appear in .... byline. and do not _e,· 
sarily reftec1 .... view. of .... TIlTON TIMES. Anyone desiriPIIlo submit _riol 10 be publi.hed Oft ...... page •• hould 
send it 10 .... EdilOfial Oireclor, TRITON TIMES, 117 'Ia~e Hall, UCSO. 

The Nocturnal Council 
J ames Clayton Philip Chandler Cindy Mayer 

As most of you have noticed, there is an 
additional election, conducted on the ba"is of 
'plurality, occurring alongside the regular AS 
election, Some students are concerned about the 
feasibility of such a plurality election. What is it 
all about? 

Let us consider the principles characteristic 
of plurality elections. These principles include 
the following : that one should vote for people 
whom he finds, through personal interaction, to 
be qualified as human beings and to have the 
administrative ,capabilities to perform the 
duties of community government; that we the 
people should make our own choice of those 
am.ong ourselves wbo would act as 
humanitarian st'rvants in government; that we 
should not be forced to accept a limited choice 
among self-eertified " leaders" (those wbeeler-
dealers, rugged-individualists, charismatic 
types whose campaigning and politicking 
degrade themselves and insult us all ; that, 
instead, everyone in the UCSD community 
qualifies as a potential candidate; that we 
should not be forced to vote apiJIst the more 
noxious candidates but should be able to vote for 
those we think are good men and women ; that 
we the people should be given the opportunity to 
establish a plurality of perspectives in the 
government, rather than an extreme on the 
right or the left. 

Some have raised the question of block:voting 
by cliques formed for the purpose of electing 
someone to represent their interests. We 
answer that people for too long have 
constructed institutions out of (ear. We appeal 
to people individually to ask themselves how 
they would react if confronted, under this 

system, by a WOUld-be politician soliciting votes 
and, thereby, attempting to screw up a 
potentially beautiful electoral procedure. It's 
about time we stopped thinking about what 
other people are going to do and started 
encouraging them to think for themselves. The 
supporters of plurality trust the honesty of 
individuals. 

The proposed electoral system is for each 
voter to list seven people he honestly believes to 
be qualified, to sign his "ballot" (bring your 
own), and to tum it in at one of the designated 
polling places on campus. The umes wHld not 
be restricted to students: anyone who is a 
worker, faculty or staff member, or who is in 
any other way a part of the UCSD community 
will also be qualified to vote and to be elected. 
The ballots would be tallied and then publicly 
burned.The seven people receiving the most 
votes would be ~Iected , and , if anyone declined 
the post, he who has the next highest total vote 
would be instated. The organization of the 
council itself would be left up to the elected 
representatives. We would suggest that the 
council elect, by majority vote, a chairman and 
a vice-chairman and that all future actions be 
based on unanimous decisions. 

What is the point of electing a government 
with nothing but moral authority ? We believe 
that there will be substantially more support for 
the plurality election truin there will be for the 
regular AS election. If this belief is well-
founded and if this shadow government or 
Nocturnal Council (call it what you will) proves 
through its recommendations to be attuned to 
the needs of the UCSD community, then 
stuqetlts may, in right, demand that it be 
recognized as their legitimate government. 

triton t iIlles 
New. Dept 
Ed Boyle 

Edilor-in-Chit'f .. 11a, " oOlf Gammon Ro~ ~e~o,'a 
Cily Edilor ....... : Carl '\ ei lt"rllt'r ~~~~:~~~ 
Managing Edilor ...... :'II il.l· I\laH:r Robert Miller 
. L'd ' ( 'h .1. ( .. h: Debbie Montgomery COP)' r, .Ior . . . . . .. ,III , ra. ~m fron~ Phillip. 

lJusinrss \1anagl·r .. . .... J err • rl cd Cliff POll 
Edilorial Uir('Clor .. Han,,1 Conlrcra- Mark Siegel 

(. .'d · ( ) J Borbora Simon A soria l!' .ity , IIHr . .. "Cit o~ Ol'r John Zoller 
'loll~Sc"in 

Arts Edilor . . . . ..... Tcrr~ lI aral. :':!:~·McK .nno 
Spurls Editor .. .. ... ~ ()I ' I. ~ Italron AlionSe~ulo 

rhotograph~' f:dilur ... . Matt Hinton Ceorge SOloni 

Conhibutors 

Jim Sill. 
Pholography 
Jon Fronek 
Advort lsing 

Ar1s Deportment Department 
Tom Beer Mark' rilling 
Joy Gill.n. SUlon Codes 
Larry Johnson Molly Selvin 
So'gun Tont 
Ken Borne. Mc,e,.,lal Staff 
Corne Rickey Steve Cohen 

Sheila Calhoun 
AU't Managing Ed. Copy Department 
Joe Eostern 
(amy Sharick Debbie Montgomer., 

Oleno Schroeter 
Production 
Dove Buchbinder 

Sports W ri'er 
Mike Roth 

'he UITON TIMES .. offKiolly recogniled ond .upporled a. 0 IIudenl ne ... poper by the Communicalion. Boord 
of the Um ... "ily of Colifornia, Son Diego, Building 2S0, Molthe". Compu., Lo Jolla, Colifornio 92037. Publication 
is twin week ly on Tue\doy, ond Fridoy\ Off.ce\ are located in room 117, Bloke Hall, on the Revelle Compu\ For 
Ad,."i. ing phone 453 ·2000. X1017, for ed itor ialorne".phoneXIOI6. 

~ @l 0 @(> § n 0 r 0 C 0 . ' Q) re 0 C0 , CC Q~ ~ ~ r ~ 
.J& ~ <0 J 

0 0 

Pege. TritonTim .. Tultday. Apr1l27,1971 

We Wouldn't Take 
Learning Seriously 

Carl D. Neiburger 
I am going to propose how UCSD may be start looking through books. When, three hours 

turned into a place where people go to learn. [ later, [ finally remember that I'm late for 
doubt whether my suggestion will be received dinner, [ am likely to have discovered, by 
seriously, although it is being made in all letting my mind wander through a row of books, 
earnestness. You see, just about everyone more than I would have learned in five weelts of 
colICerned has accepted the university's lectures. 
function as one of giving degrees. They even Lectures can also be an interesting and 
believe that a degree somehow proves having important form of learning, however not wben 
learned something. they're overdone. No professor when required 

In the sciences, this is somewhat true. to lecture 30 times in in 10 weeks on the same 
Completing such a major requires rigorous subject, can alioid getting repetitive. 
study of math and lab techniques. In the Furthermore, if he gives two courses on related 
humanities and social sciences, however, as we subjects, students taking both courses are likely 
all know, taking courses is largely a process of to feel they are taking not two courses, but 
determining how to get the best grade with the perhaps one and one-third. 
least effort. Of course, what education might have taken 

Those public relations men most adept at place despite these factors has its effectiveness 
filling tests and term papers with what the destroyed because the students are attending 
professor wants to hear (perhaps playing back class mainly to figure out what is on the test , 
lecture notes word for word) , will get further They are occupied in taking notes rather than in 
than the serious student who struggles with a listening. 
few challenging ideas, never memorizing how to Lecture Sol. tion III UDlvenity Extension 
express the teacher's pet theory. The solution is to move all lectures under the 

The criteria by which learni ng is auspices of the University Extension. I would 
judged-grades, tests, papers-irrelevant as it hope that arrangements could be made to do 
is to learning, has overshadowed and dominated away with lecture fees, however. Under this 
education. Professional educators argue that system. anyone who wanted to could attend 
grades have proved to be the most effective public lectures or sign up to join discussion 
criterion in judging how a student will perform. groups on subjects of interest to them. 
This is simply saying that a student who What about the faculty , then? The faculty can 
is adept at accommodating the system in do the same thing it does now. A university 
one course will tend to be adept at getting professor tends to be someone who digs 
through another. research in his particular field so much that he 

Forget GradiJIg spends a lifetime doing it. They can be hired on 
As far as I am concerned, there is only one that basis, along with ability, of course. Besides 

satisfactory means of changing UCSD into an doing research, writing books, and giving 
institute of higher education rather than an lectures, professors are and can be important 
institute of higher matriculation (at least as far sources of information in their subject areas for 
as undergraduate studies are concerned), and anyone interested enough to ask. 
that is to forget grading, not give out degrees, Those students who wish to thoroughly pursue 
and concentrate on making the campus a place a certain area of study can become the 
for people to come to learn- where anyone who equivalent of graduate students. Again , they 
wants to can come to learn. will do roughly the same as they do at present. 

One of the best and most enjoyable means of The difference being that they will not need to 
learning I know of IS to go into the library and have bachelors degrees to begin doing what they 
just sit down on the floor among the stacks and wanted to do all along. 

Do Not Tear, Fold, or Mutilate 

Moving right along, folks , we 
were talking about bruises and 
I told you that emergency 
treatment consists of Ice, 
Compression, and Elevation or 
rest. All you have to remember 
is ICE, and the first letters 
stand for the three things to do. 
Isn 't that wonderful? 

Today's lesson begins with 
sprains lwbat's a sprain?). A 
sprain is an injury to a 
ligament caused by 
overstretching it. lwbat's a 
ligament?) A ligament is a 
fibrous band that connects one 
bone with another bone. as in 
" Dem Dry Bones." It is 
distinguished from a tendon, 
which is a sinew that connects 
a muscle to a hone. Now stop 
interrupting! 

The commonest sprain 
occurs on the outer side of the 
foot when you twist your ankle 
inward. The outside ligament is 
overstretched and tears. Pain 
and swelling begin at once 
because there is local bleeding 
inside . The Immediate 
treatment is exactly as for 
bruises : cold, pressure, and 
rest. But ankle sprains are 
trickier than bruises. The 
tearing may be very slight or 
extend all the way across the 
ligament, and sometimes the 
injury is indistinguishable from 
a fractured ankle without x-
ray. So injuries of this sort 
should be checked out by an 
M.D. as soon as possible. The 
really severe sprains may need 
casting or even surgery to 
repair them . Fortunately. the 
vast majority of sprained 
ankle are minor injuries and 
after applying cold for twenty-
four to forty-eight hours to 
control welling, heat i 
applied to speed up healing. 

Strains occur in muscles 

v. Rohert Allen M. D. 
from overuse or over 
stretching . The classic 
example is the " pulled 
muscle." C old is Dot applied, 
but heat, whirlpool treatments , 
hot showers, rest; and aspirin 
all help. 

Muscle spasms are a milder 
variation of strains and are 
very common. For various 
reasons, one or more muscles 
go into a sustained contraction. 
The commonest causes are 
probably chilling of the muscle 
or performing some 
unaccustomed exercise or 
some movement during sleep. 
The treatment consists of 
immediate squeezing o( the 
muscle to help break the 
spasm, followed by heat, and 
analgesics , rest , and 
sometimes, muscle -relaxant 
medication. The muscle should 
not be massaged. Active 
exercise is permitted as soon 
as the pain is gone . 

What with summer coming 
and people getting out and 
exercising more, I thought this 
information might be helpful. 
Have fun , but survive, please. 

Questions for M.D. RAP may 
be dropped in the box at the 
Student Health Center. 

SUS Note: If you would like 
to discuss personally any 
aspect of health, such as food , 
diseases, exercise, drugs, life 
styles , growth and 
development, sex, or medical 
folklore, you are most cordially 
invited to come and see me. I 
can 't promise to have an 
answer for everything, of 
course, but I'll be glad to give 
you my professional opinion on 
the basis of current medical 
thinking, or I'll try to help you 
find an answer . 

Just call Mrs. Rose Gardner 
at 1346 so that a time can be set 
up when we can get together. 

Got Something To Say? 
ne editorial pa,e. of t~ TRITON TIMES are .,el to 
t~ eatlre Ualvenlty comm.alty. U Y" feel * paper II 
100 liberal or 100 COIIservadve, wtly ... ~Ip to try aad 
dlaaae It I -dlrectlGa. U yell feel certa.. 11 .. 1 or 
vie.",.ts uve bee. I&...-M or H-empusbed " lIy lOt 
exprels tllem y .. nell. ne TRITON TIMES seeIIl 
articles upnillac tlle vie"l of "Ivldul. ud 
Grla.llItloal, I tldeat. aDd 'acalty, aad admlailtratlo. 
aad colcerDed dtlzeDl, If y .. feel y .. r _rlt ... abUity Is 
equl to lOme of oar columll.t. t~ apport.alty to 
COIItribtite OD a rea_lIr balls I. allO ••. All pote.ttal 
col.malsls sllould coltaet tlle editorial director; 
ladlvidual articles of oplaiol .bould be se.t or delivered 
to the lime. How well we reflect tlle Ualversity caa be 
determlDed Oily tllrOl,b feedback from OIr readers. 
You caD aad 1"1cI criticize or cemmeDd aay part of * 
paper tllrou,lIletaers-to-t ... lter. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
--------------------~~~--------~.~--------------------~~~~~~~~------~~--~ Deop/e and Sh·f broken glass, and cigarette emphasize that campus second term, I think that if you Council. Provost John Stewart, of program board chairman. I 
r' I butts for growing yOur weed programming is, in fact, a examine the facts that CI department chairman Lola did not realize that gaining her 

plants. business. A large percentage of surround my decision to seek Schwartz, AS President Heavy support meant attaching 
As for the practical need for the money that artists, agents, that second term a bit more Palcic, and Third College myself to her slate. I don't 

EdltGr: 

In response to a letter in the dogs , what do we r,eed people etc. receive as income comes closely, you will see' that my stUdents. want that. I don' t agree with 
April 20th 1"1' concerning dogs for? At least we've never seen directly from the many college actions are most, certainly My thanks goes to the the idea of an election slate in 
and feces. we feel it our duty a dog throwing a beer can out a communities throughout the justified. students in my class whose the first place. 
to protest. Car window. country that do programming Very truly yours, enthusiasm and effort I believe that the office of 

First, wltat is Gianna doing But wby must we find a for their stUdents. produced the critique of Muir program board chairman 
underbuslleslookingfor feces ' practical purpose for I am seeking re-election DanSpelleas College. Barb Simon should be an apolitical office 
when she calt' look in any lake everything? Isn 't it enough that because of the knowledge that I AS Program Board Chairman anyway .... one that is free from 
or river, or on any roadside, or dogs, as all other domestic N H. any association with party 
the Revelle cafeteria and see ' animals give us pleasure and have gained over this past year 0 a ru I politics. The function of the 

about the entertainment 
the effects of our illustrious companionship. We (eel ;t industry. [ am seeking re- CLARIFICATION Editor: program board is to provide 
human race , human garbage. unfair of you to deny their right election because I feel that the interesting entertainment. 
Litter and human sewage to be on campus simply personal contacts and Editor: Diddo Clark has claimed, or Events may at times be of a 
pollute our planet much more because they serve no definite f ' nd h' that h bee at least implied, that I am part politically oriented nature 
than a few piles of canine purpose and because of their rte s IpS ave n I want to clarify the origin of of her Harui ProJ'ect election (speakers, for example), but 
·excrement. As for flies, we waste-products " polluting" our created over the past year my column in I ast Tuesday's slate ; I would like to clarify tliat is definitely outside the 
certainly have never seen a fly campus. Why are you on would aid me greatly in issue of the TRITON TIMES. that implication. I am not a realm of school politics. 
who is choosy about what sort campus, Gianna? You serve no programming for the UCSD Althouoh I did the editing, the I would like to see the 

community I am seeking re-" part of the Harui Project. 
of waste matter he uses to definite purpose to us . ' ideas and writing for the The misunderstandina intentions of the Board remain d . I election because I feel that critique of Muir College came to I" I [ tart b sprea germs. especla Iy crawling under bec f th . that probably grew out of a talk that non-po Itlca . can s y 

Gianna, try these tests : 1. those bushes searching out ause 0 e experIence from my students in Diddo and I had in which she refusing " political" affiliation 
Find a nearby pile of dog piles of dog "shit". I have gained and the Contemporary Issues told me I would receive her in my campaign. Thank you . 

t t to 't I J knowledge that I have of the "Perspectives on Education," 
was e, nex I, P ace a ust for a change, try smiling t rta ' t ' d t I support in my bid for the office Dave Wallace bl '1 f b en e 10m en m us ry can WI'nter Quarter. Several compara e pi e 0 eer cans, on your brother , the dog. Don't fll th ff' f P 
broken glass and cigarette. be so hypocritical as to crucify leo. Ice 0 rogram students turned in the critique 
butts . Take off your shoes. the dog for the same faults ~ard ChaIrman more fully as a project. The writers are 
Place your left foot in the pile your race is guilty of. than can my worthy opponent. - Ann Moritz, and Laurie 
of dog waste, your right foot in By I am seeking re-election Dunlap. They received verbal 
the. other pile. Compare. Go • because [ do not believe in assistance and feedback from 
and wash your feet with soap The dog lovers: candidates running on slates Mary Linder, Dara Duda, 
and water. Now compare Fourteen signatures and I am no part of any slate. I Susan Gellert , and Dora 
again. Which foot has sustained am running on my own merits, Quintero. 
least injury. 2. Next time you TT Doesn 'f Know not those of any of my I served only as a resource 
take a drink of water, notice Editor: supporters. I feel that running person, and stimulated ideas by 
the peculiar taste. That's on a slate removes much of the having the class meet with 
chlorine. It 's needed to purify This is just a little note individuality needed to members of Muir College 
the water and cover up the regarding your " A Second program for an entire campus 
taste of human industrial Term?" editorial in last and changes that attitude for 
pollution. Friday's TRITON TIMES. You programming to trying to 

Dog excrement, as human obviously do DOt know the facts appeal to a certain group of 
excrement, is biodegradable, that led to my deciding to seek students rather than to the 
which means it will return to a second term. student community as a whole. 
the environment without The office of AS program It takes an entire summer and 
polluting it. In its natural form , board chairman is the only Fall Quarter for one to become 
it is the cheapest fertilizer student position on this campus oriented to the office of AS 
known to man. Tests have in which a student must be program board chairman. 
proven that in 99 cases out of directly concerned with the After a full year of experience 
100, dog excrement is more attitudes that prevail within a and success, I am qualified to 
effective than beer cans, certain business. I would like to serve the entire ASUCSD. 

At uc San DIego, 
PSAlnaies ' 
aldsmeet 

IS1 tImes'a ctay. 

That's how many times PSA connects San Otego with los An-
geles. Hollywood-Burbank, Ontario. Long Beach. Oakland. San 
Francisco, Sacramento. and San Jose. With lowest air fares. 
Me",! your campus rep hallway. Or your travel agent. Or PSA. lISA.,.,... 1ft. 

nosummerj 
The ATIONAl CAMP EXCHANGE is accepting resumes of 
camp counselor applicants to be distributed to over 2650 camps 
in 41 states and Canada. Undergraduate studtnts (completin, 
at least Ollt fu ll year by June) Jrlduate students and faculty 
members. 
Camp work provides an opportunity to refresh one's mind and 
body in pleasant surroundings close to nature , while developing 
new relationships in a comfortable new environmen t. Positions 
as general counselor, group leader and specialty counselor are 
available for men and women with or without camp experience. 
To have copies of your edited resume sent to those summer 
camps in our files in early May follow this format exactly : 
A) Name and age B) Home address and phone C) School 
resi dcn~e and phone D) Positions desired E) Relevant experi-
ence F) Area preferred G) Name of School H) arne and 
address of work-mate lif any) . 
It 's advantageous to be brief and to the point. Type or prim 
legi bly on one side of one page and mail your copy with 7 for 
printing and processing of each re ume to: 

NATIONAL CAMP EXCHANGE 
J IS, 760 MARKET TREET, SAN FRANCISCO . CA. 94t02 

8 i dlte.) 

Now that you are aware of 
my motives for seeking a 

, ..... ".IY 
_I & therapeutic 

WATERBEDS 

AIR FRAMES 

~~G $5500 
......... 1. l oothol s'-

The \V a terbole 
...... 

110-1611 
4212 II c..jeoo __ 

COFFEE HUT 
COFFEE HUT 
COFFEE HUT 

WED NIGHT THE LEGEND OF THE LONE RANGER 
PLUS PLUS PLUS PLUS PLUS 

flASH GORDON CHAPTER 4 

ALLSIE WAIT~D TO 
AND WMN'T 

FREE 
FREE 
FREE 

Tuesday, April 27 , 1971 Triton Tim.. P'ge 5 



hilt::: 

Metamorphosis at Coffee Hut 
Dave Buchbinder something lacking. It was cold installed, but everything should 

Arts Writer at night, music could only be work out fine. It's been lots of 
Remember when you first heard when you were right on hard work , but it' s had its 

came to UCSD? Think back top of the speakers, and hardly benefits. Before, we had 
and try to recall your first anyone ever showed up when trouble getting entertainment, 
encounter with our own there was entertainment but now, GOOD bands want to 
indigestion-inducing cafeterias. available. play here." 
It was probably ended with a Been there lately? It 's a I was also happy to learn that 

UCSD dramatists performlq a sceae from THE CRUCIBLE, opeaiq ~I Sahlrday'Di&laI,Mayl, 

tasty dessert of four, five, six, shocker, isn't it? Suddenly, the the Hut is now bringing in lots 
seven, eight, nine, ten and Coffee Hut has undergone a of good films. For instance, 
eleven-letter profanities . metamorphosis of such tomorrow they'll be showing 
Naturally, since one of our proportions, that even Kafka " The Lon eRa n g e r ,." 
ba s ic ins t i nc ts w hie h would be surprised! everyone's favorite American 
encompasses nourishment is The Hut has changed, and 100 ballad about horse, dog, white 
that of survival , many of us per cent for the better. Little man and Indian. And , 
ventured forth in search of a orange buildinl( has grown up. throughout the quarter patrons 
more delectable pabulum to be You can hear KSDT clearly on of the Hut will 1M: able to watch 
found in a more human the new speaker system, and Flash Gordon serials. All 
atmosphere. now everyone wants to go to entertainment begins at 8:30 

Drama Deportment Witch Hunt 
Barbara Siman 
Stafl Writ.r 

The CRUCIBLE, a play by Arthur Miller, 
concerns " literally the very core of one 's 
freedom ," says Drama professor Eric 
Christmas. Nineteen UCSD Drama students are 
now rehearsing the play for production which 
will begin May 1. 

Witch trials set in late 17th Century Salem. 
Massachusetts are the subject of The 
CRUCIBLE. In the written publication of the 
play, Arthur Miller states that " the play is not 
history in the sense in which the word is used by 
the academic historian." 

Miller continues that dramatic purposes have 
sometimes required many characters to be 
fused into one. He tells the reader that "the fate 
of each character is exactly that of his 
historical model, and there is no one in the 
drama who did not play a similar. . .role in 
history. " 

In discussing reasons for choosing the 
CRUCIBLE, Eric Christmas says that it 
"applies to all times, and that is why it is a jolly 
good play ." There is always a wi tch hunt of 
some ki nd going on, Christmas conti nu es. 

Several major points in the play which 
Christmas mentIOns are the " wrong of guilt by 
as ociation . and the con equences of blanket 
opimon of majority rule .~' The lalter point is 
more blatant in the play. as individuals are 
termed witches becau e of their association 
with other labeled Witches . 

Majority rule is more subtly displayed 
through the word of the judge magi trate and 
mini ters who assume to peak for the people 

of Salem. A few people in power make life and 
death decisions about a considerable number of 
citizens. 

Irony of the witchhunts surfaces when the 
court demands a confession of all the accused, 
in order that their lives be saved. If the accused 
citizens do not confess to being witches, or to 
seeing the devil, they hang. 

Fortunately, the search took the Hut - migbty testimony to p.m. 
slightly less time than the the value of the $15,000 spent on The air of the Hut has 
"Odyssey," and before long, remodeling. changed from cold to warm, 
many of us were dining at the I spoke wi It Charlie and Charlie hopes that 

" I never really thought about the Puritans 
until forced to face the situation" in the play, 
says one cast member. ' "The CRUCIBLE 
applies to now, for me," she says. 

little orange building stuck in Unkeless, who along with Marc eventually the Hut will have a 
the middle of the trees, way Shore takes charge of so-called " night-club " 
back by the Revelle Provost's entertainment at the Hut. He atmosphere. 

The cast has been rehearsing every day for 
several weeks. Although discussion of the play 
began last fall , it was not until late February 
that a decision could be made to perform it. 

office. The food was better and told me, " We're still in the Sometimes money does bad 
t he at m 0 s p her e m 0 reprocess of improving the things, and sometimes it does 
compatible to that of a homo electric and P. A. systems, and good things. This is one of the 
sapien, but there was still soundproofing has to be latter. Go see for yourself. 

Christmas explains that for a while ' 'we didn ', 
even know if we were a department " . When it 
was decided to go ahead with the CRUCIBLE, 
the only available room was lecture hall 1330 in 
Muir Bldg. 20 . 

" The faci li ties are not completely workable," 
says Christmas. That is why he had to find a 
play that " has litlle or no problems of staging." 

Another advantage to the CRUCIBLE is that 
it has very good pa rts for both boys and girls. 
Chri tmas adds. "Everybody gets a good break 
. .it I a com pany play ." 
Performance dates for the play are May 1-2, 

6-9 . and 13-16. with show time at 8 p.m. 
AdmiSSion Will be $1 fo r students and $2 for 
everyone el e. Tickets are available at the Urey 
Hall box office and at the Drama Department in 
Bldg. 317 Matthews Campus. 

The Drama Department secretary reports 
that the CRUCIBLE cast will perform the play 
at UC Riverside on May 10. 

, 

.~~:., ,'~- '~\ ~J !,J 1'~ \ . 
./ \' ,, ;. 

-- ". The Coffee Hut, tucked away in the woods, as it appears after remodeling. 

Wrapping Up the Opera Season 
Arts Wri;er 

Larry Johnson 

The American comes, and for hIs own selfish purposes, 
, deceives the trusting Asian. The American takes what he 

wants, and in the end he leaves behind a yellow corpse. Sounds 
like an SOS version of the latest news from Vietnam? Be the 
similarity as it may , this is Puccini 's "Madame Butterfly," 
recently appearing at the Civic Theater. 

Butterfly was portrayed by the talented Black American 
soprano Felecia Weathers, and portrayed very well . Miss 
Weathers ' voice is rich and sufficiently powerful , and its vocal 
quality is well-suited to this, one of her best roles. 
Furthermore, Miss Weathers' acting ability was quite equal to 
the task of portraying this nobly tragic , fragile little butterfly-
girl. My only criticism would be that she minced too much in 
Act I. but overdoing that was a minor flaw . Both vocally and 
dramatically she was equaito the ever increasing force of th 
opera. 

but his cellulose content was not high compared to that of most 
of the current crop of tenors . Why is it that it 's generally the 
tenors who have the acting problems? 

Marlena Kleinman was a stand-out as Suzuki , Butterfly's 
maid and loyal friend . A sensitive actress, she was excellent 
dramatic support, and did a good job vocally. Not only was she 
able in those capacities, she dealt well with the difficult job of 
handling (on stage) the child who played the son of Butterfly 
and Pinkerton. Handling very young children and seeing that 
they do what they should, is no child 's play. 

John Dunlap as Sharpless, the quite decent but helpless 
American counsel rounded out the major parts . His acting was 
up to snuff, but alone among the majors, his voice was weak . It 
did have redeeming tonal qualities, however. 

As a lilling concluslOD to Mayday aDd tbe 
Rites of Spring, tbe A Pro,ram Board is sponsoring a concert 
witb Je e Davi (pictured above) and Dan Hicks and His Hot 
Licks. Tbe concert will be in tbe gym tbis Saturday nigbt May 
I, at 8:38. UCSD student tickets life $1, and are now on sale In 
tbe Urey Hall Box Office. 

The soprano and the tenor are usually the central roles , but 
in this opera the tenor i ~ less important. The horrid Ii ttle Lt. 
Pinkerton, who betrays poor little Butterfly, is absent for mo t 
of the opera while the girl loyally waits for him. (As in most 
sentimental Italian opera, Puccini pulls out all the slops, 
making the situation as pathetic as po~sible . Fair enough. this 
makes for good music . ' The tenor, Chris Lathonas, was 
vocally quite adequate for his role. He wa somewhat wooden, 

"One Fine Day" and the humming chorus' are the most 
musically memorable portion of the Opera . The orchestra was 
equal to the occasion there, and all the way through. The 
chorus did extremely well on the humming chorus, which was 
rather better than their usual performance. On the part of the 
chorus and orchestra, this was one of their best efforts . Miss 
Weathers hone in "One Fine Day" and in the tragic 
conclusion. 

The set, by Ming Cho Lee, was excellent and authentic , 
capturing the flavor superbly . The oriental costumes were 
pretty good and very colorful , though Pinkerton 's dress whites 
were comically baggy. All in all it was one of their better 
efforts, and a very rewarding el(ening. ('II look forward to the 
next ason. 

P.,e& TritonTime. Tu"dey.April27.1911 

NeE l, 

1 
F~~~~~U.=ts~.D~'-RU.~8Y fJELD ;a 

f5@J}(j[j@Jf!fJ!b [l, 9f 7l1JfJ@ 
-.t .. [3W!3001t3* -t< 

10 :.S" 
,poe 
I': 30 
,, : is' 
12: 15 

12.=30 
I :00 
I: 30 

2.: 00 
2:lS 
2.: is-
3:30 

3:~ 
~: 15' 

Para.d~ 
11IEdlctnE SMow 
fuffET sttow 
A"omal~ fad'ory 
Cos+U:'M~ l!ollfes+ 
lJlarpol~ Dan~t 
J'''9 trlj ~f"ou.p CMfIIlIKr 1ftu,s,tt 
-mImE TrooP 
Ju~/ln, - Tu7t1Mans 
Anom a/y fa.c:to ry 
.s&t-a."- ~rfY 
PuPPET SHow 
7t1rrllf Ttroop 
..sh',(~ - Folk s,",1"3 

I 5:"0 PE rUYI4n H up,s.,. 
I S:30 -mImE. Troo, 
('~OO eon~ _~'a.yton J[ a.nd eo. 

,1 
I 
I 
L_ 

Yl ~ r~®~~ ~1f~~==-~!:{-:-:-~~~114~go~D 
~ · I, &:::-1 l'wo # 20!.! Pr,5£s -toY" ~ ~ 7\ . But Mok iitJ. 4~t-

0' @@~'i?[J£JIfi1J§~ 
- - - - - - - - - - __ L:.~~:"'='-::=-=-~-_....3.-----I 

J-l tim JJf--ES 
o ARTS dnrL CRAfTS 

o 

o ~YSTle.S 



TUESDAY, April 27 
MEETINGS -7 p.m., 2E3-1102, 
MOSCA, 

7-11 p.m., 4060 B USB, Triton 
Wargaming Society. 

7 p.m. , Informal Lounge, 
Revelle , Conscientious 
Objector Draft Seminar for 
those considering or currently 
in the process of 'filing CO 
status, or who have gone 
through the process and would 
like to share what they have 
learned. 
LECfURE - 7:30 p.m., 2722 
USB, noted theologian and 
ecumenist Gregory Baum will 
be speaking on Sociology and 
the Spirit. , 
FILM - 7 and 9:30 p.m., 
Unicorn Cinema , benefit 
showing of "The Battle of 
Algiers" to pay the costs of 
transporting delegates to the 
Vancouver conference ; $2. 
YOGA CLASS - 7 p.m., Child 
Care Center, MC, Kundalini 
Yoga, Bring blanket, candle 
and food to share. 
WEDNESDAY, 
April 28 
MEETINGS - 12-1 p.m., 2B 
2139, Campus Crusade for 
Christ. 

6-8 p.m., USB 3050B, 1tlpha 
Sigma Phi . 

7 p.m. 201 MC, BSU. 
7:30 p.m., USB 3030A, 

Worker's League Meeting. 
7:30 p.m., HL 1~, Pre-Med 

Club, election of new officers. 
SUPPER - 5 p.m. , University 
Lutheran Church, sponsored by 
UCSD Ecumenical Students ; 
All Welcome, 25 cents. 
FILMS - 9 p.m., Coffee Rul, 
Flash Gordon and " Legend of 
the Lon~ Ranger" 
THURSDAY, 
April %9 
MEETING -7 p.m., 9th Floor 
Seminar Room, Tioga Hall, Ba 
Nai Club Meeting. 
LECTURE - 4 p.m., Informal 
Lounge, Revelle, Prof. Pierre 
Vilar, University of Paris, will 
speak on "Ideas and National 
Vocabulary in Spain During the 
Napoleonic Era." (Prof. Vilar 
will speak in Spanish but can 
comprehend comments and 
questions put to him in 
English.) 
KUNDALINI YOGA CLASS -
7 p.m., Child Care Center, MC, 
Bring blanket, candle and food 
to share. 
FILMS - noon, 2622 USB, 
Ames : " Pressure Fields and 
Fluid Acceleration". 
9 p.m. USB 2722, radical 
movie : "The Salt of the 

Kiosk Deadlines 
Tuesday Issue: 11:00 a.m. Monday 
Friday Issue: 11:00 a.m. Thursday 

Earth," a long-banned film 
about the labor movement 
made by the union members 
themselves, presented by 
Committee to Free All 
Political Prisoners. 
FRIDAY, April 30 
MEETING - 6-8 p.m., N. 
Balcony of Gym, Etude de 
Ballet. 
SYMPOSIUM - 8 p.m .• Muir 
2D, 2250, "Political Defence : 
In the Courts and in the 
Streets" presented by the 
Committee to Free All 
Political Prisoners ; Angela 
Davis ' lawyer and other 
defence committee spokesmen 
will participate. 
CONCERT - noon, 409 MC, 
" Ecology of the Skin" 
demonstration-performance by 
Music Dept. 
UNIVERSITY FOLK 
DANCING - 8-12 :30 p.m., 201 
MC. 
FILMS - 7:30 and 10:20 p.m., 
Gym, Friday Night Flicks, 
"Wizard of Oz" 50 cents. 
ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Elections for Muir College 

Council will be held May 5, 
1971. Any full-time student at 
Muir is eligible to run for a one 
or two year term of office or 
for AS R.epresentative from 
Muir College. Petitions are 
now available at the Office of 
the Dean 2125 2D or the 
Resident Dean's Office. 
Student Directories are still 
available at the EDNA Office, 

MC250. 
Tune your heads into KSDT 

for far-reaching sounds - jazz, 
rock , country, special 
programs, informatiolt on 
school happenings! 

Revelle Seniors - A list of 
1971 Spring and Summer 
graduating Seniors is now 
posted on the bulletin board 
outside the Provost's Office. 
Please check this list to make 
sure your name is on it. If it 
isn't and you do wish to 
graduate file a card with the 
Provost's Office before May 6. 

Muir Seniors - A list of all 
seniors who have declared 
their candidacy for Spring or 
Summer '71 has been posted in 
the Muir Provost's Office. 

Personals 
WE teach music, guitar, 
electric bass, 5 string banlo, 
autoharp, sitar, tabla, flute. 
Call 155·1454. (4.21) 

. Jobs 
.... tudents part/fun time, $3 
tv. plu. scholanhip. Cal 224-
2164. /1) 

Travel 
Please contact Maxine Johnson EUIOPE: $225·$210. AI .. 
in the Provost Office as soon as ISiAEL and JAIAH Spri,. and 
possible to confirm your Summer flithts available call 
graduation plans. Any deletions 755·3990 after 5 p.m., or write 
or additions to the list must be E.S.E.P. e.1217 "verIy 
made by May 6. Blvd., Loa , Calif. (5/111 

The deadline for submitting EXPEDITION TO CENTRAL 
petitions requesting permission AMIlICA ADVENTUIOUS 
to transfer from other UCSD OVIILAND JOUINEY TO 
colleges into Muir, effective PANAMA AND PHOTOGIAI'HIC 
next fall , is May 14. SUIVEY Of MAYAN IUINS AND 
LOST: a gold "Vantage" wrist CONTEMPORARY UN IN THE 
watch- 21 jewels. It was lost in - YUCATAN AND NOITHaN 
the gym last week. Please GUATEMAlA. DEPARTS JU .. 
call Shar<m.!54- 2772. Ith AND s.r. 14th. DETAILS: 

DOKA IXJIIDITIONS INC., 2329 
SAQAMENTO, SUITE 1, SAN 
FIANCISCO. 94115 (4-30) EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITIES 

CAliFORNIA·ARIZONA·HAWAII 
Profoulonal/Trli_ position, cur· 
,..11, ... ilabl. I. III fi.ld, . For 1 
_III', lllbocription contlinin, ..... 
... of currenl _inp . . . lod 
JOBS io tile SUN ', proven locho"' ... 
for Iindio. ,.. job! SIU,foclion 
",.,Inloed. Send $9 10: 

Europe Jet a-t.r flithts. 
Spri,. Special. March 30 thru 
June 15 - $261. l'Ius ful 
sUmmer program. Call Lealie 
512·9091 after 5. (I) 

GREEK COFFEE HOUSE inti •• 
EUIOI'E/ISiAEL/EAST AFlICA 
One way and round trip .tudent 
travel diICounts. SOfA ottOnt for 
over 2000 inter.European 
student charter flights . 
CONTACT: ISCA 11617 San 
Vincente Blvd., No.4, L A. 
Calif., 90049. TEl: (213) 136-
5669. (6/4) 

GREEK AND BALKAN DANCING 
FRIDA l' AND SATURDA}' AT B P.M. 

DINNER FROM 6 PM. 
GOURMET SHISH-KABOB, STUFFED EGGPLANT 

TURKISH COFFEE 
GROUP LECTURES ON GREEK MUSIC, 

COSTUMES, INSTRUMENTS AND DANCES 

KAF ANA ZO'RBA 

P.O. 101 III 
LA JOLLA, CAl.lfOM.A .2037 

If 
'" •• MIter ....... _fer ,y,In 

we ..4. ,..,.. rep. . 
y_d ... ~_,... ... Is • ..4 

~ _fits fer '" 
No phone calls 

Stop in and s .. John 
. 

Europe charton. 50 Departur •• , 
al .. from N.Y. Africa, India, 
I_I. 60 por cont oH. forM info: 
EASe, 323 N. ..".,Iy Dr., 
Bovorly HiIk, Calif., 90210 . 
Phone: (213) 276-6293. (5/11) 

EUROPE CHAiTERS. So".,at 
schedu". from $250 roundtrip, 5970 EL CAJON BLVD. (NEAR COLLEGE AVE.) 

286-1157 CLOSED MONDA YS lSS1 •• r •• t ... $150 _way. C-clinator: 

~:=================;~===~~~~~~ ~fich~ 4"~555 ~._.~~~I~ Il r===-'-" .. =--=-----=-=--~~~=~~=~~-.. loycroaft. Long leach. 90103. 213-431-2179. (4/24) 
SATURDAY 

-FILMS 
NIGHT 

BERGMAN'S 
The 

MAGICIAN 
PLUS 

KUROSAWA'S 

RASHOMON 
USB 2722 7:30/ 10:30 

TICKETS AVAILABLE 
AT THE UREY HALL BOX OFFICE 

( Pegea TritonTimn Tundly.ApriI27.1971 

If you can drive it, 
we11 insure it 

for less. 
No matter what you drive - from a conservative Volkswagen to a radi-

cal hot rod - we can save you money on your ~r insuflnce. 
College Student Insurance Service has been worki"l with the Auto 

Insurance Industry for 5 years to prove that college ' students deserve 
lower rates on their car insurance. Now, if you're an Associated Student 
member, you can get Group Discounted Auto InsurlftCl at an lverlle Slv· 
ings of 48% in California. Plus. you can continue your COYerlle after 
you 're out of school. 

For a personal Quote, call CSIS today. 

We feel that you shouldn't have to pay more to insure your car than you 
did to buy it. 

5090 College Ave. 
583·9393 

C.S.I.S. We're on your sid •• 

CHEAPEST 
JETS TO EUIOPE fROM LA AND 
NY. IMMEDIATE ISSUANCE IN-
TNL. STUDENT I.D. CAID & 
TICKETING 2000 INTRA· 
EUROPEAN/ ASlANI AFlICAN 
OtAITEIS, EUIAILI'ASSES. CAl 
PURCHASE AlS RIGHTS No. 
105, 9056 SANTA MONICA, LA. 
90069T1L 274-1742 (5/21) 

Housing 

HOUSE·SITTING. SDSC 
woman flcultv member and 
husband need accom· 
modatlonL June thru 
August. We havi no 
children or PIts but will 
care for yours. Call 411-1922 
aftlr 6 p.m. (4-21) 

Roommate wanted for 
Pacific Beach house with 
swimming pool. 212-8923. 

(4·27) 
Home for sale. Spanish 
house excel. condo Ready 
for occupancy. Fireplace, 
hardwood floor 3 bedroom, 
den, dining room, Lot 15' x 
'140' on Torrey Pines Rd. LI 
Jolla. 555,000. Call 459·5552. 

(5-4) 

Intervl .. lng peoplf for nf. 
studio rentlls for thl flU 
qUlrtfr In Dfl Mlr. 
Furnishfd S125.00/mo. 
Write Box • 1027 Ffldspar 
Sf. Plcific IMch, SD 92109 (5-11 ) 

Services 
LIAIN TO RY 
FUGHT INSTIUCTION FOI 
PRIVATE COMMIIICAL, 
INSTRUMENT, AND 
MULTIINGI .. IAnNGs. CALL 
IUZZ411-0272 (4/30) 
DlSnNCTIVI TYPING 
11M EXEOJnVl 
Service on Schedule. Mode.t 
la.... Satisfaction II the end 
product ...... n459..... (I) 
Typing - for accurate Typi,. on 
electric pica - term papers, 
these" n.nutcripta, etc. Cal 

Mrs. McCr .... y 217·1607. (I) 
I. Your Auta Sick or TirM 

Try Ja",.. Automotive Service 
American and Foreign Can 
lepairs and !'elution Contrel. 
Student Discount n41 HenheI 
LaJeIIa(inthe_) 459.9110) 

Typi .... . Experienced typist ... 
Term papers, ....... Electric 
typewriter. w. do rush jolts. 
453-6135. (I) 

For Sale 
'61 Mustang Fastback 
excel. condo grNn, 390 
COBRA, eng. 4 barrel good 
year ralley mags 41,000 
miles. Call 453-0254 after 6 
p.m. (5-4) 

WATEI IEDS Tranaluscent 
Guaranteed to infinity. Wiele 
..a.ction, ahapoa and WI: 
6' ... 7' Ki,. W $34.50. twiMiIO 
$29.50. Call 222·9175 after 5 
p.m. (5/7) 

A lETTER IIDI Iti,. abe water 
bed. $55.00 The Water Hole, 
4212 II Cajon Blvd., 210-2611 . 

NOI.1VZINV~ 11~d"NON 


