
triton" ti 
Volume U, Mum", 3 University .1 (a'il.rnia, San Diego Tuesday, Apri' 6, 19" 

Tribune Draws Criticism On 
Fa(ulty Poll of Third College 

Frank Phillips 
Stafl Writer 

A San Diego Evening Tribune opinion poll 
soliciting faculty comments about Third College 
has attracted criticism by Third College 
Provost Joseph Watson and Acting Chanceller 
Herbert York . The survey has been distributed 
through the campus mail to all faculty members 
this past week. 

In a cover letter enclosed with the survey 
Evening Tribune Editor Fred Kinne says that 
the purpose of the poll is to assist Tribune 
writer Allan Merridew in writing a series of 
stories about Third College. Several Faculty 
members have expressed the fear that the poll 
will be u ed as the basis for the entire story. 

Merridew said that the poll was written with 
consultation with UCSD Academic Senate 
President Gabriel Jackson. Merridew said 
several questions were removed because of 
objections by Jackson. 

Jackson said that he was contacted about a 
month ago by Merridew with a request that 
Jackson assist him in writing a questionnaire . 
Jackson said that Merridew had already had the 
assistance of Sociology Professor Jack Douglas. 
Jackson suggested that Merridew contact some 
people in Third College for suggestions of 
possible questions. Jackson told the TRITON 
TIMES that he regrets that only 
Communications Profe or Herbert Schiller 
agreed to as ist. 

UCSD Goes Year-Round With 
First General Summer Session 

In a statement ot the CSD faculty Third 
College Provost Joseph Watson announced that 
the faculty of that college had voted to not 
participate in the survey. Watson said that the 
"idea of the poll originated from a perspective 
that considers Third College to be controversial 
news fodder rather than an educational 
in titution ; the poll would be heavily weighted 
with negative que tions ; and the running of this 
poll implicitly assumes that a rational 
evaluation of Third College can be based on a 
multiple-choice questionnaire ." 

Acting Chancellor Herbert York aid that he 
was surpri ed to have received the 
questIOnnaire. York aid that he wa not 
consulted about the urvey and felt some of the 
question are negatively worded. He said he 
would have appreciated the courtesy of being 

info~med about the survey before it was 
distributed , but added that it was " perfectly 
legal for the poll to be distributed with only the 
help of the Academic Senate." Jackson agreed 
that orne of the questions are negativel 
worded but added that he intends to answer the 
questions in his own way without being affected 
by the way they are worded. 

UCSD will hold its first 
general Summer Session 
beginning June 21 and ending 
Augu t 13. Approximately 50 
courses will be offered in a 
wide array of academic 
disciplines. These will be in the 
fields of anthropology, applied 
physics, biology, computer 
science, history , American 
English, and French literature, 
mathematics, music , 
philosophy, psychology , 
sociology and visual arts. 
Although there will be some 
lower -division and graduate 
studies offered, the majority of 
courses will be upper division. 

Academically speaking the 
Summer Session is in the 
category of a regular quarter. 
However , it is an entirely self-
supporting endeavor. No 
genera l state funds have been 
budgeted for its programming. 

The fee for the 1971 Summer 
Se ion is $200. Because the 
program is an intensified eight-
week academic quarter, three 
courses plus a physica l 
education activity class are 
considered a full load . 
However , dependent upon his 
particular needs and academic 
standing, a student' may 
petition to take a fourth course. 
To complement the summer 
study program, a wide range of 

recreational activities from 
urfing, sailing and tennis to 

bicycle touring will be 
featured. 

Dr. Martin Chamberlain, 
assistant chancellor, i the 
director for the 1971 Summer 
Session. He is being assisted by 
Dr. Jack Blendinger. The 
Physical Education 
Department"s Burt Kobayashi 
will serve as co-ordinator for 
tudent recreational activities. 
In addition to general co .. "se 

offerings , an Inten si ve 
Summer Language Program in 
French, German and Spanish 
will be given in cooperation 
with the Department of 
Lingui stics. Language 
instruction will be offered at 
both the beginning and 
intermediate level. Th e 
language program carries 12 
units of credit. 

Since enrollment is limited, 
UCSD students who are 
interested in attending the 1971 
Summer Session are advised to 
register early. The general 
session can accommodate only 
1,000 students; the summer 
language program 100 students. 
Registration in courses of 
particular need to individuals 
is on a first-come-first-served 
basis. 

Class schedules ,course 

Food Caterer Gives UC 
60 Day Contract Notice 

The catering service that 
runs the residence hall 
cafeteria has terminated its 
contract as of June 1. Willard 
G. Houghton , the Vice 
President of Service System . 
Inc. which bought out High 
Continental Company gave 
sixty days notice to th 

niversity becau e of losses 
exceeding $30.000. 

According to William E. 
Borsari of UCSD's Busines 
office. the termination 
followed a week of discussions 
betw en C and Service 
y tems representatives . 
rvice Systems. Borsari said. 

gave three options under which 
they could continue to operate 

the cafeterias next year . 
The first option would be for 

the University to pay all cost 
plus a management fee . This 
was unacceptable to UC 
officials as it required a 
compulsory board fee. Borsari 
said this would be a step 
backwards. The econd option 
of a straightforward 
compulsory board fee for some 
students in return for 
guaranteed service for tho 
students wa imilarly deemed 

una ceptable. 
The third option wa for th 

Revelle Cafeteria only to be 
operated on a cash ba i next 

(Coatlalled OD pale Z) 

descriptions, and registration 
forms are now available in the 
Office of the Summer es ion, 
4218 rey Hall , ext. 1248. 
However, the summer catalog 
is not yet available for 
distribution. 

In an interview with the TRITO TIMES Tribune Editor Kinn said the urvey will 
Tribune editor Kinne aid that the poll "will 
only be a small part of our total story. ,. He said 
the purpose of the poll "is mainly to give 
Merridew leads about who to talk to." Reporter 

end this Sunday. He added that the Tribune 
wants to do an in depth story about Third 
College, and hopes that everyoneconnectedwith 
the college will agree to cooperate. 

T A's, Grads in Three Departments 
Organize for Course Quality, .Pay 

Jeff Graham 
Staff Writer 

T.A.· unions and grad-student a ocialion nowexi t in the 
Phy 'rc . Philosophy and Humanitie Department. and within 
several other division of C D. 

Intervi ws with union organizers indicated th condition 
that led to the formation of the union varied from department 
to d partm nl. but u ually were related to T.A. alaries. lack 
of support for graduate LUdent . quallt~· 01 graduate and 
undergraduate courses. and the extreme power that laculty 
member have O\'er therr graduate a sociate . 

Excep lor the Graduate Philo vphy A" ociation . none 01 the 
organizal1on have really ucceeded. according to organizers. 
either becau e intere t and participati n dropped off after {he 
pecific problems were olved. or becau I' individual student 
carr~' too great a work I03d to devote th necessary time. 

There ha been talk of inter-departmental activity. but 0 
far. nothing in that line ha materialized . 

Sk ip Knapp. organizer of the Physics graduate a ociation 
stated that foreign student ar given extremely unfair 
economic treatment. From the 4.000 annual salary that a 
graduate stud nt earn . the foreign student must pay tuition 
totaling at lea t 1800. Tuition i not tax-deductible. Foreign 
tudents cannot legall~' become resident , Knapp tated . They 

mu t pa~' tuition every year that they ilre here . He expres ed, 
conc!'rn that. as tuition continues to rise. the 10 per cent 01 
Physics graduate tudent that are foreign ma~' be financially 
unable to stav in school. ( 

'NET 5 PER CENT CUT EVERY YEAR 
Dollar alarie in the Ph~'sics Department ha ve not gone up. 

Since a 5 per cent annual wage increa e i mandatory. the 
TRJTO~ TIMES was told . the Department cut the official 
number 01 hour that the grad tudent are working by 5 P r 
cent. The ac tual workload doe not decrea e at all : but grad 
tudent are taking ant I h'e per c III cut ever~' year. Th 

original objective of the union was to a k for a 3000 year n t 
upport level for graduat student . 
The union would al 0 like some voice in determining 

curl'lculum requirement. i\Io t 01 the graduate obJ ct to the 
language rl'quirement. and to th ex e 'ive work 10 d. Faculty 
mell1b r ' are und l' pres ure to tach a many cour e 
possib le: in turn . the grads ar exp ct d to till a man~' 01 
th .1' COUl" a the,' can . 

" II anyone in the department wants to explOit a graduat 
' tud nt. · or a group I graduat ' tud nt . it' · pretty damn 
diflil'ult lor am·bod,· to do an,·thing about it. " Knapp 
emph iz d that 'in tance 01 unlair treatm nt 01 a graduat 
tud nt bv hi facu1t,· advi or arc quit rare : neverth 1 

they have be n kno\\'O to occur. The tud nt Im olv d 
"iriuall~' h Iple . Th union would h pelull~' provid m . 
of lormal grievance mechanism. 

The rea on for the union ' lailure to ex rt any real power ha 
thr I' ource : the great workload tha t all Phy ic graduat" 
students mu t carry. the unwillingne 01 mo t of the tudents 
to take organizing re pon ibllity. and th fact that profe r 
and their graduate are colleague . 

In the Ph\' ic union. a lew 01 the tudents aid the\' lound 
them elve 'putting in all of the time required lor orgariizal1on 
and uffering academically lor their trouble. Other had no 
tim to help out. Part of the problem . they aid . can b 
explained by th tructure 01 the departm nt. the tudent ar 
split into small working group that have little contact wrth 
each of her Finall~'. graduate are unwilling to antagoinz 
lacult\,. with whom th \' mu t work ver\' clo elY. The older 
grad . begin to think ' of them elve 'a member 01 a 
department. rather than a tudent 

The Graduate Philo ophy A ociation . according to it head . 
John [\1oore. ha been in exi tence a long a the department 
it II. UnlIke the other unions. it ha tangible power " It i 
aIm t a profes ional a ciation." he d <:I a red . 

The C 0 Philo ophy Department is unusual in that it ha 
always been hi toric. rath r than analytic. The Graduat 
A ociation eek to pre erve that character. and affects the 
appointment of new profe or on that ba i . The A ocial1on 
ha b en moderately ucce luI. 

Th organization often function to protect a member who 
app ar to have b en penaliz d unfalrl . 

PHILOSOPHY T. .' DI GRU TLED 

th 

"I'v, , JI 
ociation t r 



Spring ngs AS Elections, 
New Man Balloting System 

Cafeteria Services ... 
(CoDtiaued from page I) his company was losing money 

on cash sales. 
year. Bosari said that in this One factor causing expense, 

Spring has prung. and with it the student election eason. case, " the University is Houghton said , was the number 
The AS Council has announced that petitions for oHices are probably in a better position to of points of service (locations) 
now available at their headquarters in Me 250. The deadline lor run its own food service" which and the number of hours the 
filing completed petillon is April 16. but may be-extended on a is what is now being planned. cafeteria was required to 
da~-to-day ba is II at lea t one petition lor each orfice is not Bor ari indicated that the operate. Service Systems will 
received on that date. decisions were made by the help the University maintain 

The primary election Will be h Id Irom April 26 to April ~O . Business Office, the Student food services between June I 
Ac~ordlng to AS Pre Ident Mike ''' Heavy'' I Pa1clc. a new Affairs Office, and the and the end of the quarter to 
votmg y tem \\ III be inaugurated in which tudent will Resident Deans conferring prevent discontinuance of 
receive ballot b~' mall. Ballots will also be available at voting with student corrlmittees at service. 
tables. Students must ha ve their registration card punched in Revelle, Muir, and Third Dorsari told the TRITO 
order to Vote. College. TIMES he is currently working 

Eight oltice are to be lilled Including president : vice- In explaining the contract with the colleges in 
president: commissioner of academic all·ai rs. community termination, Service Systems' determining what kind of 
ervices. external aHairs and student weltare: program board Houghton explained, " We tried service can be provided next 

chairman. and public relations direc tor. everything that we knew how." year. He said he is seeking 
At their last meeting. the AS council voted to appr priate While he said his company had advice on what kind of service 

5000 for the AS program board. This allocation wa made, maintained " excellent is desired by students and 
according to Palcic. because the ca mpus-wide Program Board relations" with the University, examining whether this service 
has run out 01 lunds. The monev was taken out of cut in the drop in students is possible . He emphasizes, 
administration and organizatIOn funds made in response to la t ubscribing to compulsory however, that the' University 
quarter 's referendum. One thousand dollars was appropriated board from about 1300 student "cannot operate ata loss." 
to minority recruitment programs and 'i500 was given to the to 400 students resulted in " The Revelle Cafeteria," 
Rites of Spring Committee tor a May Carnival. financial 10 s. He added that Borsari said, "is best equipped 

, 

r------------------------------------------------~ 
Dick and ,Jane ! 

• 

to operate as a full line 
cafeteria and will at least 
operate three meals a day , 
Monday through Friday." The 
matter in question , he adds, is 
what services can be offered at 
other facilities, 

Borsari also noted that 
further cuts in cafeteria 
services can be expected this 
yea r because of losses. 

_.nDCAMPUS 
M.I.STIY 
,resents 

THE 
SIGHTS 

AND 
SOUNDS 

OF 
JESUS CHIIST 
SUPERSTAI 

a multi- media presento 
tion in observance of 

GOO D FRIDAY 

H_lIiti.s-Li~rary A_itor_ 

Fr_" April' 
12:00 & 1:00 p,m. 

Michelan.elo An.onloni'. 

I' Avventura 
".s 

Ingmar aergman'. 
All These Women and Spot and Puff I 

• USB Z12Z SII.ws ., 1:31 , 10:30 

a re a I ive and we II . . . ~ =T:ic;h;rs=aY~ai:'a:.';. :u:":'=Ha="=B';.=O':'iC:'~ 

Remember how you learned to read? Janesald , "See Spot 
and Puff." Mother said, "Run, Jane." Run, Dick . Run and 
help Sa lly. " 

Vou learned to read by reading out lou d, right? You've 
kicked t ~e habit by now. But your mind hasn't, Your mind 
is stili in the habit of whispering ••• ry s ingl. word _ , , 
slowly .. bortngly. 

Your mind is capable of taking "snapshots." Wouldn't it 
be fanta sUc if you could somehow take snapshots of whol. 
sentencts ... o r even whole parogrophs? You can, We can 
train yeur eyes to read as fast as your mind thlnks_ And 
th is is rot skimming, You read and understand every word . 
R.od th,auti. toot mo,.ri.l. ot 30 1~ ~og.s on hou" It takes 
eight w, eks to complete our reading course. Bytl,,,,, jV~'1l 
be stua: iog text books in 50 to 75 pages an hour, You'll be 
devouri II! complete nol'els In 45 to 60 minutes. Magazines 
in 20. Newspapers In 10 , without the use of machines, 

0 •• ,·10, 10-15" bell.r compr.hension, Not only wi 11 your 
speed ,_cQelerate , but also your comprehension of all 
materia ls you read, The whole object of Applied Learning 
Center Is speed wilh comprehension. 

At leasl tripl. your r.ad ing rate, or w.'l1 relund your 
tuition , We make this promise because many people feel 
they don't have the potential to inc rease their reading 
rate. Our experienc e proves different. Most can triple 
their present rate. Over 98% of our s tud ents have, 

Proless ional t.achers who han taught lor a minimum 
01 3 years , Our Instructors wll\ hetp you develop your 
reading and study skills to new and exciting heights , They 
are experienced professionals in every sense", with 
partlcula r emphasis on reading and comprehension, 

Who wi II b.nel it from this program? Just about anyone 
who reads ... the student, the housewtfe, the buSiness or 
professional man." all can discover a new world of 
knowledge because you'll be reading 80 much faster , 
- - - - - - - - - COUPON - - - - - -

Speclat Introductory Offer 
Good through April IS, 1971 only 

Present this coupon at Applied Learning Center for a 
$25,00 discount on our reading course, 

Applied LearningCenter 
We make reading a snap 

I 
I 
• I 
I 
• 

• 

L 2~09 FOURTH AVEP>lUE • SAN DIEGO , CALIFORNIA 92101 e PHON~ lU-7nS FOR IP>lFORMATlON ABOUT CLASSES, -------------------------------------------------~ Page 2 Triton Times April 6, 197 1 

.,DI 
tells ,ou what's 
HAPPE"II'! 

• Public AHairs 
• Book Review s 

• Music Commentary 
• Interviews 

• Taped Material 

Tues & Thurs 6:00 - 9:00 P M 

BERGMAN 
AND 

ANTONIONI 

THIS SATURDAY 
NIGHT 

2722 USB 7:30/10:30 

TICKETS------ UREY HALL 
BOX OFFICE 

AND AT THE DOOR 

Thl opinion ••• pr .... d on "'- pall" art lholt of lhe outho" wholt nome. appear in tho bylin •• and do not n« ... 
",rily "flocl th. "jews of tho TRITON TIMES. Anyone d .. iri~1I to submil molorial to be publi.hed on thelt pOlle •• hould 
IOnd it to lhe Editorial Diroctor, IRITON TIMES, "7 Blak. Hall, UCSD. , 

YJ! 
Help Stop An Epidemic 

J. B. Askew 
Director of Public Health 

You can help stop an 
epidemiC. We hope you will . 

The epidemic, one of the 
nnost serious ever to confront 
San Diego County, involves 
gonorrhea, It also involves 
your age group. About seven 
out of every 10 cases of 
gonorrhea occur in young 
people under 25 years of age, 

Those of us who have been 
unsuccessfully trying to control 
VO are convinced that the 
epidemiC will not subside until 
every young person has 
com plete and accurate 
info rnnation about YD . 
Whatever you can do to make 
the greatest possible number of 
students aware of the following 
facts will be a real service. 

YO Up Sigaiflcaatly 
Reported cases of gonorrhea 

in San Diego County in the age 
group 19 and under more than 
tripled in the past six yea rs, 
with 288 cases in 1965 and 976 in 
1970. Reported cases in persons 
from 20 through 24 years of age 
increased fronn 491 in 1965 to 
1,072 in 1970. Gonorrhea is the 
leading communicable disease 
problem in San Diego County 
and throughout California, 

Gonorrhea, like syphilis, is a 
venereal disease. These 
diseases are spread directly 

, from person to person by 
sexual intercourse and other 
intimate contact with an 
infected person. A persoD may 
bave botb goaorrbea aad 
sypbilis at tbe same time. 

Gonorrhea is the most 
common of the venereal 
diseases and spreads rapidly, 
Symptoms may develop within 
three days. Many people 
believe this disease is not 
serious, but this is not true. If 
untreated, gonorrhea may 
cause pelvic inflammatory 
disease and a thick pus 
discharge from the cervix in 
women. inflammation of the 
testes in men, and sterility. 
arthritis and heart disease in 
both men and women, Prompt 
and proper treatment' is 
important to prevent serious 
body damage. The signs of 
gonorrhea which almost always 
OCCur in an infected man are a 
pus discharge from the sex 
organ . and a painful burning 
sensation during urination. 
Because or severe pain, an 
infected man will usually seek 

medical attention. Women do 
not have such obvious 
symptoms. Many times, 
gonorrhea is not discovered in 
a woman until she has infected 
other sex partners. Gonorrhea 
is not detected by a blood test, 
as syphilis is, but by a different 
type of lab test. 

Syphilis is a very serious 
communicable disease which 
can attack and damage any 
tissue or organ of the body, 
especially the brain, heart, 
H ver and bones. The fi rst sign 
of syphilis is usually the 
appearance of painless sore, 
called a chancre (pronounced 
shank-en, which may appear 
within three weeks after 
exposure to an infected person. 
It usually appears on or arou nd 
the sex organs. Sometimes 
there is no chancre, or it is in a 
place where it will go un een, 
particularly with women. Even 
without treatment the chancre 
may go away, and many people 
think they have been cured. 
Actually, they are not cured 
but remain infected and may 
continue to spread the disease. 

Coadoms PreveDt YD 
Aside from abstinence, a 

means of preventing the spread 

of VD during intercourse is for 
a man to wear a condom, called 
a " safe" or " rubber ," 
available at any drugstore, 
The man should wash his sex 

·organs thoroughly with soap 
and water and urinate freely as 
soon as he takes the condom 
off. The woman hould wash 
her pr ivate parts thoroughly, 
urinate and cleanse her vagina 
with any appropriate douche. 
Both men and women should 
insist on use of the condom, 
since it may protect both from 
possible infection, VD may also 
be spread from other infected 
areas. Gonorrhea organisms 
survive in the type of tissue 
lining the mouth and rectum as 
well as the reproductive 
organs. Syphilis organisms 
may be spread from lesions in 
the skin or mucous membrane 
as well as from blood and 
discharge from the 
reproductive organs. 

Prompt TreatmeDt EsseDtial 
Only a pbysician can decide 

if a person bas sypbilis or 
gODor rbea, aDd oDly a 
pbysician can give adequate 
treatmeat, Tbe infected person 

(ContiDued OD page 8) 

triton tiDles 
New. D.pt 
Ed Boyle 

Edilor-in-Chil'f .. 1I1I".ood Gammoll Ro .. De~asla 
( " Ed ' . C I" ' 1 Bobb,e Fink , II~' Ilor , __ _ . , .. ar .H'I Iuq(t' r Jeff Graham 
Managinl( Edilor , , , , , , ' . iI..l·l\lall·r RobertMilier 
"[' d ' ( -h I" I ' Dobbie Montgomery 
"uP" lI or .. , ... - , III' " "ra lam F "Ph' II ' 
I> : J ff L" I ron. "p' nUSlnl'SS ;\lana~ .. r , , • , , _. e • rlCI CliffPo.1 
Editorial U irl'l'tor , . Raoul CUllln'ra, MarkSiellel 
A . (" . ' d · () J Barbara Simon SOfia I .. , tl~ • Itor, ,. "ell ollll'r JohnZall.r 

'.oll~ Sehin 
,\rIS Editor , , _ , , . . _ , Tl'rn naraL 

porl s .: dilor _ . .. , , , HorL~ ' " a Ifo II 
Photottraph~' .:ditor , , . , John Zallt'r 

Arlilts 
Saroh MclC,nna 
Allan S.kula 
Georg. Solonl 

Contributors 
Jim Sills 

Arll Deporlment 
Tom aUr 
Joy G,lIe"e 
tarry John.on 
Sa'lIun lont 
Ken 8orn., 
Corrie RIckey 
An'I MonDging Ed . 
Joe Eostern 
Comy Shorick 

I'recluttion 
Do.e au(~b,ndtr 

PhotOjlrophy 
Jon Fronek 
Matt Hinton 
Adverti.ing 
Deportm.nt 
Mark Tnlling 
SulOn Cad •• 
Molly S. I.in 
Secretarial SIoH 
Sto •• Cohen 
Sh.ilo Calhoun 
Cet'y Depo.tment 
D.bb,. Montllomory 
G'-no Sch,oe'.r 

Tho 'InON TIMIS i. offi(ially 'KOjIniud and wpport.d a. a .tudont now.pope. by .... Communication. Boo,d 
01 rII. Uni ... rsity of Cofil.,n.o, Son Diovo, luiid,ng 2W, Mo"hew. Compus, to Jolla, Cal,fo.nio 92037. PubllColion 
i.lw,eo w .... ly on Tuesclo,. and frida, •. Offi". art Io<at.d ,n room t17, .... k. Hall, on tho hvoll. Compu •. for 
Ad ... ri. ing phon. 453. 2000 , xt 017 ; fo, .d'iorialo. now, phon. X IOt6. 

N01'IC~ - 1"0 ~~(,If'{ ~ OSJf~oJ2. 5f~flJ~, ()rJE. MU~f 
~OT Ju~f}. P.A~1"tCUL""~ 
Bur W.A~ IN 6€N~~""~ ' 

Why Draft Repeal? 

A Psychologists View 
Richard A. Sternbach, Ph D 

I am going to give three rea ons why, as a 
psychologist, I think the draft must be repealed: 

1. It prevents young adults from exercising 
mature freedom of choice at a time when this is 
developmentally important. 

2, It forces many into adopting a "patient's 
role" which is hard to give up, 

3. It prevents mental health professionals 
from providing care to patients, and from 
getting good training. 

First , the "channeling" of manpower by the 
Selective Service forces young men either to 
accept a high-risk draft status or move into 
deferred-status schooling or careers which they 
would otherwise not consider. The Selective 
Service has stated, "The club of induction has 
been used to drive out of areas considered to be 
less important to the areas of greater 
importance in which deferments were given, 
the individuals who did not or could not 
participate in activities which were considered 
essential to the defense of the 
Nation." (CbaJlDeliag, SSS, 7 1.65 ) 

This deliberate manipulation of young men in 
their career choices, prolongs their status as 
helpless minors, at a time when they should be 
free to experiment with a variety of fields and 
exerci e their choices as they wish , Young 
adults, as Erikson has pointed out, must 
successfully negotiate this stage in order to be 
able to go on to the next stages of creativity and 
productiveness. Any coercion or delay in career 
(or marriage) plans inhibits choice and distorts 
optimal development. 
(Of course, this is in addition to the serious 
problem of having the individual serve the 
needs of the stale instead of having the state 
serve the individual. ) 

Second, many a young man is able to get a 
deferment on psychiatric grounds, because he 
or some member of his family has a psychiatric 
ilInes , It is not too difficult to demonstrate to a 
local board that such a man is likely to be a 

liability to the military. However, the draft 
itself is responsible for the slight exaggeration 
of symptoms which causes persons in these 
cases to become patients, and there is every 
motivation for them {o cODtiaue the role of 
patient until the threat of being drafted has 
passed. That is, it is very easy for a young adult 
(or his close relative ) to focus on the stresses in 
hiS life, including the draft, and if he is so 
disposed, to be handicapped by them, 

Unfortunately, in some cases I have seen, it is 
very comfortable and habit-forming to have 
patient status, and when kept up for a long time 
it can be handicapping indeed. So in many 
instances, the draft both crea tes and 
perpetuates the status o[ mental patient for 
those vulnerable to the patient's role . 

Third, the draft has been decimating the 
ranks of mental health profeSSIOnals. It is 
important to rt!alize that half of all hospital beds 
in the country are meDtal hospital beds. Most of 
the treatment provided mental patients is 
provided by psychiatric residents, psychology 
interns, and psychiatric social workers in their 
field placement ; that is, by mental health 
professionals in training. These persons are 
drafted at an alarming rate, and cannot be 
replaced until the next year's trainees appear. 
The consequence of this is that patients receive 
poorer care than they should, and that the 
professional's training is interrupted at a point 
where continuity is important. 

Thus, as a psychologist, I see the draft as 
creating these three problems which we will 
have to pay for some day. The draft is 
preventing young people from exercising 
mature freedom of choice at the stage of their 
development when it is important. The draft is 
forcing many people into taking on and keeping 
the role of mental patient. The draft is 
preventing mental health professionals from 
receiving good training and from giving good 
care to mental patients. 

For these reasons I believe the draft must be 
repealed. 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR 
Return To 
Sender 
Editor : 

A suggesllon lor you r readers 
regarding Ca mpu lUdie 
Inslltu te or anI' other unwanted 
materials receiH'd through the 
mails: II it is marked " r tu rn 
to sender." not on 1\. does the 
orlg lllator get th ' matel'lal 
back . but he also mu t pay the 
postage both wa~ s. 

usan Sturgeon 0 
Biomedical Library taff 
Member 

Sorry Diddo 
Editor: 

Rc pril:.! letter to the 
editor. I IlIU 't admit that I 

forged Diddo C1ark 's name. 
";hich appeal' d among th 
Ignature ' to the letter I did It 

thinking she wou ld concur with 
me. but nol\' I lind h do ·n·\. 
She ha expre:, d her Wish 
that her name b removed 
from the Ii 't 01 signature '. 

I apologiz~ l ur the 
111Isunderstandlng. and would 
appreciate It II \ 'JU wou ld pl'lnt 
the clJrrecllOn. thank I·OU. 

'incerely, 
ynthia L, Moore 

KSON Puzzled 
Editor: 

\\' made a grea t elton 
lollowing our edituflal on 
K ' 0 ,' co ne rning the 

ad nllc -enate to k out 
opPl'~ing \OlewpolOts and that is 
why Gabriel Jackson develoiX'(\ 

IllS ('omments to our editorlOlI 
We did broadta"t hi ' 
comments on K:O:\ . 

\\ hat puzzles me I ' that ~n 
organiza tion Ol~ I cspon 'Iblc as 
IhcTHIT():\ TL\1ES I"IIcd to 
publt"h the Inlllal editOria l tlJ 
whith Gabriel Jackson replied . 
It seems tl) me in the IIlterc;,t 
of lair journalt m thOlt you d 
want to report rnJth Side, 01 the 
tor .. 

ordaill)" 
lIan McKinnon Radio K 0 , 

April 6, 1971 Triton Times 'ate 3 



ne Golder. Oldie FUm 
Society .. RaIl , 0 more trl,. 
de... 10 SlIm... Hall OD 
Satarday evea'!at'. No more 
Amerleu "cUlIlc:" fUm. like 
., SlOp and TIle Calae 
MutiJly. However, from the 
remains of the Golden Oldie 
Society emerges the Saturday 
Night Film Series, an assorted 
collection of foreign films from 
Britain, Sweden, Italy, Poland, 
Japan, France, and Greece, 

Last Saturday, the Series 
began with two French 
fantasies , One was Jean 
Cocteau 's retelling of a 
favorite fairy tale, ne Beauty 
aDd tile Beast, the classic story 
of the beast falling in love wi th 
the detached, lovely, maiden, 
only to find that he will perish 
when he is without her , 
Cocteau, one of the great 
French poets , created an 
exquisite rendition of this 
fantasy that renewed the latent 
romanticism in post-World 
War II Western countries, 
Shown with this piece. wa 
Francois Truffaut 's comic 
mystery-thriller , Sboot tbe 
Plano Player, about a scltizoid 
pian ist witlt hom ici dal 
tendencie s. The main 
character , Edouard 
Saroyan Charles Koller , 
c played by Charles Aznavour I 
lives in another dimension ; 
half-fantasy, half-real world. 

Saturday-Mediterranean 
Nigbt 

Tbis coming Saturday 
evening is Mediterranean 
nigbt-with Italy and Greece 

performance to be distributed 
by a film company. The story is 
a play- within- a- play where 
the insane Marquis de Sade, 
decides to direct a company of 
his inmates in a recreation of 
the French Revolution where 
Charlotte Corday kills Jean-
Paul Marat in the bathtub 
while he is soaking his eczema. 
The results are terrifyingly 
realistic as the inmates break 
down in their portrayals, 
Marat/Sade will be shown on 
April 17. 

The following Saturday 
evening, April 24 , Ingmar 
Bergman ' s flashback 
biography Wild Strawberries 
will be shown. The events of 
this film occur in one day, bu t 
they cause the protagonist, Dr. 
Borg, to analyze his life and try 

RuIIIm_, 
TIae Mqieiu Paired 

Whenever someone tells a 
story they are bound to recount 
it in a light most favorable to 
them. In Akira Kuwosawa's 
RalbomOD, where a nobleman 
and his wife travel through 
rural Japan, the noble is killed, 
his wife raped , and their horse 
stolen. There were two 
witnesses to the event, the 
wronged woman, and the 
criminal. There are four 
stories that are cinematically 
retold- but all are the same 
story- who do you believe? The 
tory is told in fla shback 

fashion as three men discuss 
the tragedy. With the film 
RashomOD, will be fngmar 
Bergman ' s tale of 
humiliation- vengeance- sub-

BetI ad 1JeanI. The first film 
in the Truffaut series, TIM ... 
Blow., will screen on May 8. 
"Blows", starring Truffaufs 
picturization of himself, Jean-
Pierre Leaud, tells the story of 
tbe unwanted illegitimate 
child, who, knowing his 
illegitimacy and the strained 
relations between his mother 
and father , runs away from his 
shattered home life into an 
Oliver Twist- lifestyle of petty 
thievery , The boy is 
subsequently caught and sent 
to a reformatory where he 
waits for a chance to escape 
the repressive atmosphere that 
still locks him in, This film, 
like all of Truffaut, is gentle in 
his treatment of a su bject that 
is so personal to him . 

Bergmao Comedy Offered 
On the same bill is one of 

Bergman's rare comedies, All 
These Women, a story of a 
cellist who is besieged by 
lovely women. A critic, who 
wants to immortalize the 
cellist and, at the same time, 
make famous his own musical 
compositions , makes an 
agreement with the cellist : the 
critic will write a praising 
autobiography if the cellist 
performs some of the critic's 
music, In great slapstick 
fashion everyones plans are 
foiled and no one gets 
immortalized in anything". but 
thi s film will be immortal 
be cause it proves that 
Bergman, undeniably the film 
geniu of the postwar decades, 
retained his sense of humor and 
was able to revive the slapstick 
tha t makes the silent films so 
classic. 

represented , Young 
Apbrodites , by ikos 
Koundouros, is based on tlte 
Greek legend of Daphni and 
Chloe. The film centers on the 
pastoral. nomadic, life of 
Greek shepherds, particularly 
on the sensual realization of 
two young Greek children. 
Along with Young Apbrodites, 
Michelangelo Antonioni 's film, 
L' Aventura , will be shown. A 
type of afterthought to Fellini ' 
La Dolce Vita, the Antonioni 
film also explores the vacuous 
life of the Italian sedentary 
rich. L' Aventura has been 
voted by 'Sight and Sound ' 
magazine number two on a list 
of the greatest movies of all 
time. 

The fable of Dapbnis aDd Cbloe is recounted in Nikos 
Koundouros "Youog Apbrodites" sbowiDg tbis Saturday 
May 8, iD USB 2722 as part of tbe Saturday Nigbt Film 
Series. 

Ending the series will be the 
Russian masterpiece, War and 
Peace, which will be shown in 
two parts in the gym on May 14 
and 15. The film i an excellent 
and exciting adaptation of 
Tolstoy's novel , and mere 
adjectives can't suffice fo r it 
great impact. 

Fellini ond Friends 
Shore Soturdoy Shows Except for War and Peace, 

all the films will be shown in 
USB 2722, There will be two 
showings, at 7: 30 and to : 30 of 
each double-feature. eries 
tickets (excluding War and 
Peace and Maratl ade J may 
be purchased at the Arts and 
Lectures office in rey Hall for 

Marat/Sade April 17 
Peter Weiss' play, \which, 

incidentally. has the longest 
title of any film or play ever 
made. I The Persecution and 
Assass ination of Jean-Paul 
Marat as Performed hy the 
Inmates of the Asylum of 
Charenton Under the Direction 
of tbe Marquis de Sade, was 
filmed during an actual 

Jules Feiffer 

to break the shell of coldness 
that his daughter -i n-law 
accuses him of having built 
around himself. Showing with 
Bergman 's film is Roman 
Polanski 's Koife in tbe Water, 
Polanski tells a story of a 
confli ct between an upper-class 
Polish writer and the hitchhiker 
he picks up while he and his 
wife are on their way to their 
yacht. The writer. to enhance 
his stature in the hitchhiker 's 
eyes, br ags about hi s 
posse sions and stresses the 
lack of possessions of the hiker. 
A verbal and physical battle 
ensue .. -and neither is the 
victor in the strange turnabout 
of events at the conclusion of 
the fi lm. 

sequent vengea nce-and 
ultimate retribution in Tbe 
Magician, Max von Sydow is 
in the title role, and 
he plays the taunting 
magician who , out of 
hum iliation, plagues the doctor 
and the constable who had been 
debasing him , Often called 
"the thinking man 's horror 
fi lm," Bergman 's film creates 
a mood of despair and 
emph asizes' the Grecian 
concept of tra gedy-man 
imply cannot e cape his 

destiny. 
Francois Trurraut ha s 

recently compl eted his 
autobiographical film trilogy. 
The second and third films in 
the tr iad are Stolen Kisses and 

$4. I d ' 'd I . k b' n IVI ua tic ets may e 
bought at the Urey Hall box 
office 01 at the door, $1 for 
UCSD students, $2 for all 
others, The two-part War aod 
Peace will cost $1.00 for 
students and $1.50 for others. 
Marat Sade will cost $.75. 

There is a correction to the 
listed showings . Yong 
Apbrodites will be shown May 8 
with The 400 Blows, and All 
These Women will be show on 
April 10 with L' Aveotura , 

"Little Murders'-' a Dance to NYC 
Corrie Rickey 
Arts Writer 

Non-viol,~nce has been utilized by many from the Greeks to 
Gandhi an\, King, Non-violence was detrimental to Gandhi and 
King and Jt may be harmfu.1 to ather practitioners .as Alan 
Arkin deftly proves in his directIOn of Jules Felffer s Little 
Murders. 

Little Murders is h'itler '~ both h\'stNlcul nnd tnghtenlng 
act'ount ,;omment on what American society is will be like 
The place I ~ .. o:" ,,'o,k ity. Tllp irl is played by MarCia 
Rodd, an lI)terior decorator plagued by the l'Vl!t-lihonang 
"breather '. and whose life has been devoted to relormlng 
male hon1J~buals, I Her comment is : " All my life whenever I 
go to bed 'vl~h a guy 1'111 alwa~s atraid I'll get him pregnant,:: I 
MarCia ah;o IS d dlcated to the Amencan way of havang "fun : 
goifing, tennis. squash. all at her "country club. " 

Marcia protects the man. played by Elliott Gould , frolll a 
group of violence of any kind. particularly, fighlin~ back , She 
flOds thaI Elliott is a photographer famous tor shooting shots of 
excrement. Arter one look al his portfolio, she fall s In love 
with him, and Gould , in his anti -fight back role, can 'tmusler 
enough courage to refu e h r proposal of marriage, , 

At the wedding. Donald Sutherland, the mlDl·ter, proJecls 
th image of the "truth and love " eXI tenlialisl , who not only 
expo es Marcla 's homosexual brother. but expo s th facl 

Page 4 Tritan Times April 6, 1971 , 

that larcia 's father has bribed him in the great American 
fashion of "mone" ta lks." 

Marcia sends Elliott home to the parents he hasn't een in 
ten years so he can ask them questions she must know about his 
childhood, He gets to Chicago and his parents ask hi m what's; 
happened. He replies , " Well. I've gone to college ... .I'm 
married, " 

Violence erupt· an New York-350 unsolved murder . Elliott 
Gould IS spurred to action, The new type 01 "adju ted" family 
emerges. 

Feitfer and Arkan use a projected view of stereotypes in thl 
masterful fal n , Everybody I ~ token. The pu hy woman, the 
passive man. th capitalistic, materialistic fath r, the 
remini cing mother ar ex tensions of my ab tract concept of 
the American "dream". The vicious circlc is the underlying 
Ihemc and how Gould 's becomes violent IS the most amazing 
evolullon in I'ilm I've secn since Barrymore in Dr , Jekyll and 
1\I1'. HYde. 

The' film is masterfullY directed bv Alan Arkin . The rolcs, 
particularly the upponing ones. seem Iikc ' perfcct ca~ti ng. 
Vincent Gard nia , as the father gives the most convmclng 
supporting performancc I can recall. In all. Litlle Murders is 
both the most excltmg and frightening film comment I've een 
this veal' , 

Little Murder i- plaYing at th Loma Th atre-: .. -

, 

Is Mick Jagger Devil in Drag? 
Ken Barnes 
Arts Writer 

All so iological implications aside for 
the moment. Gimme Shelter is the best 
rock-n-roll movie ever made. Not only 
does it cut Woodslock to tatters. but in the 
process it demolishes Let It Be, swamps 
Monterey Pop, and even shuts the TAMI 
Show, The combinalion of colorful, 
exciting visuals and a dynamite 
soundtrack featuring the rock-n-roll band 
is impos ible to top, and all you rock 
freaks ought to make a beel ine for the 
appropriate thea ter. The preceding 
musica l encomiums nOlwithstanding. 
however , Gimme Sheller is more than a 
glorified oundtrack .. il' a powerful. 
offtimes frightening. always absorbing 
movie. 

The climax of the film is of course the 
Altamont tree concert. Everything else 
builds up to that mordant finale. but 
there' no lack of excitement beforehand . 

Interspersed with various Cl'oss-countl·~· 
concert excerpls are a number of 
vignettes showing Mick Jagger , and 
Charlie Watts l'Iewang foolage 01 the 
nearll'-compleled mOl'le. These . cenes 
recur through UI and comprise. an 
interesting backstage Id el lghl. 
ultimately reveali ng apparently genuane 
con ern and di smay on Ihe part ot Jaggel 
alter he I'iew the Altamont dcbacle on 
ce lluloid . There 's also portion of a press 
conlerence. a photo ession tor the Get 
Your Va-Yas Out COIW. a playback 01 a 
couple nell' songs I' 'orded at the ~Iuscle 
Shoals I,-\Iabama I sludios , and som 
illullllllaling sccnes in bigwig barristcr 
Melvin Belli's h~' perplush olt il'e as 
negolla lion ha 'sles tor Ihe AlIa 1110Dl 
alialr unluld . 

But it 's Ihe concert segments lilillmahe 
Ihis 111m ,I) ex traordll1an' in the mitlal 
'lagt'S II s rea lIy a II ;\Iick' S sholl' , Kei th 
and Ularllt' aren't in el idente ol·ermuch. 
and shot s 01 i\11l'h Taylor and Bill \I Ylllan 
arc ~('arter Ihanl'skimo curlews \otlhat 
It mailers realil': Ihe Stones ar nvt a 

lIash~ band. excepll ng 01 course Ihe 
estnllablc :-'11'. Jagger lie IS pl)slll "e l ~ 
d ilion it, in hi s onstage cap rin~ s. playing 

th~ ml to I Il l' hill"gracctuL rryplo-
elt enllnall' Illineings, exlensl\'e and 

n('rgcIIl' perambulalions, and III , 
outstandll1j! danl'lng and prancing . all tile 
II'llItl' singing tho ' incredible songs 111 
Ihal I}Crtect rod-n-roll 101(' -· ;\11 'k IS 

definitely one 
performers, and U8l;ap tul'ies 
10 all his 
The 
in Vain 

The 
Man," "Sa 

" Midni~ht 
Flash.' " 
maybe one or 
" W'ild Hor s" a 
studio: and 
"Sympathy For 
Thumb, " and ' 
Altamont. The m"lihenol1~e nal 
good , sounding 
offi ia 1 or the 
" treet Fighling ,M •• nonsl,er 
even the A hamonl 
well. distractions 
Horses" received a 
the hands or Ihe 
bu t the Stones' "",,_ '"11" 

one's ass in the weeds for over Ii hours as 
h~ Ie after hassle unfold befo re your 
weary eyes. Up to the Altamont sequen e, 
however. my qualms were prelly well 
vitiated bv the exci lement of the concert 
cl ips and studio shots, But a few 
premonitory flashes became ev ident:, the 
seeminglv cra ss pre-Altamont wheeling 
and dealing in Belli 's office and Ih 
conce rt preparations themse lve 
I memorable line : Dick Carter. owner of 
the concerl site, admoni shing the 
announcers to be sure and refer 10 " not 
just the Altamont Speedway, but Dick 
Carter's Altamont Speedwa,I'''1. Then the 
free concert itse lf began, and it all ca me 
back in a rush . The "high" lights are all 
there in the movie .. the numbing hock of 
Marty Balin disappearin~ from the stage. 
to be smashed an the lace by a Herr 
Angel. while Grace plead for eve r~'one 10 
"be cool " and Paul Kantner dresses down 
the Angels I and gets a typica ll y moronic 
rebuttal from one of the motorcycle 

b lter, a lovelv "",1I.I'rlu," Sugar" marauders I: the con tant shoving b~' 
sounds like a . Angels and surl~' cl'Owd members: Me 

The music am utler's con tinual ca lls to clear th 
from ' stage a rea I never he ded I: the 
marred momentar~' interlude of peaceful vibes 
bit ot the during the Flying Burrito Brothers' sct : 
Stones and finallv the o minou s l ~' mounllng 
highl~' era ten ion during th Stone ' p rlorman e as 
during her night fe ll : numerous scuttle at the lootol 
Redding's " th sta~e, Angels interrurting the musll'. 
Long". Tma IS Jagger s half·smug. b wlldered pi as to 
himo;elt i not "cool out. p pie", Kei lh Richards' 
muller a bit in II ctual ultimatum-- top ti ghtlng or 
around " directl l we'lI stop pla~' ing , It all leads up to the 
and Tern Reid dealh 01 Meredith Hunter. The s quence 
Stone and Ike &: IS run back in slow motion, but it 's 'till 
are Santana or kind of haz~·. a ll hough you do 'ee Hun ter's 
Yuung . who al gun ,lIld Angel Alan Passaro's knife ,\ 
lund l· tandably, chillmg cillnax : although a lew di speral 
bes\ I The olher scencs 1011011' , the killing IS the real end . 
Altamont. namely 
stag(' crell . and 
who how('d up, 
promin nll~' 

I was 31 AI 
enough to thc 
events that 
qUit dubious 
at all .. 1 Ihoughl 
down r orbing 
econd time. It 

vibes dal all 
caplurcs 'lhe 
Ihough taili ng. 
h er lI1i ('1'1 and 

Perhaps It marks the end 01 Ihe whole 
love·pcace-beads·\\·ood tock dreaOl , too .. 
but alter all Ihe ream~ 01 reCl'lllllnatlOn 
and pontifica llon wricten Sl nl'C the ('I·enl. 
then' ,~cms 10 be lictle to add on IllIs 
scor Gimme heller ce rtainly ('apturc~ 
th ambience ot the disaster, however. 
and the lin pact is conslderablc. In 
whatever area WJU want 10 con ider, a a 
SOC iological document. adi still ation ot Ihe 
darker splrils and undercurrents 01 thl' 

~ouch mOl'cm nt. or a brillinat caplnl'lng 
of th ss nee 01 Ih quint " ntlal ro 'k-
and-roll band . Gimme heller IS one hell 

~f a powerful motion plcturc 

The dance of Deatb in tbe "Lullaby of Broadway" sequeDce of 
Busby Berkeley's Gold Diggers 01 It35, Ibowing Ibrougb tbls 

eveniDg at tbe UDicorD neatre in La Jolla , 

Busby Berkeley is Alive and Living in the Hearts of All 
Corrie Rickey 
Arts Writer 

This evening is the last night you can catch two Busby 
Berkeley classics playing at the Unicorn., These films , made 
in the heart of the depraved Depression years were directed 
and choreographed by Busby Berkeley. During the Depression 
Hollywood was swamped with aspiri ng actors and actresses 
who wanted work . It was an inspiration of Berkeley's to 
employ thou ands to dance in one production number. It was 
one of Hollywood 's few attempts to help fight the Depression 
and hire as many as they could . 

Footligbt Parade, made in 1933, the optimistic year that 
FDR took office and the 'New Deal' would surely get people 
out of their Depres ion blues, was the epitome of Berkeley 's 
choreographing ability. It starred Jimmy Cagney as the 
enterprising young man who realizes that vaudeville is dead , 
bul tries to incorporate vaudeville (Ziegfleld Style) into the 
movies. Cagney dances superbly and is helped by Ruby Keeler, 
(presently in the Berkeley revival of " 0 , No, Nanette" on 
Broadway) who plays the secretary who takes off her glasses 
and in tantly becomes beautiful and a grea t hoofer. Di ck 
Powell, in his normal role as the baby-faced nice-
guy singer romantic is Ruby's sweetheart and ings beautiful 
songs to her. The best of the lot, though, is Joan Blondell as the 
wisecracking secretary who is in love with Cagney, Blondell 
deadpanly remarks to another female admirer of Cagney who 
is looking for work, .. As long as there are streets honey , you 'll 
have a job ." 

The production num bers in Footlight Parade speak for 
themselves, There's a cute Powell-Keeler newlywed scene in 
the mammoth " Honeymoon Hotel " song. Hundreds of 
newlyweds parade their embarassments in their hotel by 
confiding musically their naivete. Then, in the ,. By a 
Waterfall " sequence, thousands of bathing beauties dive into 

the pools of Berkeley simultaneously-they then proceed to 
interlace legs and make snowflake patterns shot from above. 
I've never seen so many beautiful girls at once, Although the 
'Waterfall ' number is the most impressive in its sheer 
impo sibility, the most inspiring number is Cagney and Keeler 
in "Looking for My Shanghai Lit " where Cagney is an army 
man in China and the entire company of army troops give a 
rollick ing performance sprinkled with American flags , visual 
card performances of the face of FOR, a tribute to the NRA, 
and the enthusiasm emoted by the entire cast is heartwarming 
because America was really important to them , 

In 1935, Berkeley directed and choreographed a movie called 
Gold Diggers 011935 which was generally uninteresting except 
for the fact that Hugh Herbert played the nervous snuffbox 
collector and that this film contained one of the most macabre 
visual statements about the Depression probably ever 
filmed ... -

The startling equence (doubly sta rtling because Gold 
Diggers was a comedy ) appeared in a musical sequence where 
" Lullaby of Broadway" was first introduced , A very cynical 
interpretation of " Lullaby" was pre ented where the 
character mentioned in the song was a call girl , and Berkeley 
made it obvious that this was her only source of income. The 
girl goes to bed when ew York City awaken (" milkman 's 
on his way.,," I and she arises when the city comes bome from 
work. She dates various men and gets wined and dined and 
romanced until one evening, where, in an all black-clad 
production number she meets a death not unlike the deaths of 
many WaU Street magnates, The movie quickly returns to its 
comedic 'pace, but the surprising inclusion of "Lullaby of 
Broadway" leads me to believe that Berkeley, continuously 
underrated for hi production of transparent comedies, had a 
grea t sense of the dramatic, and surpri ed everyone by hi 
dead seriousness about the Depression , 

Back to the Garden with Wild Child 
Co rrie Rickey 
Arts Writer 

The time is pre-Revolution 
France, You are in the French 
countryside, You see an 
unusual animal ca mpering 
through the forest. On closer 
scrutiny )Iou discover it is 
flesh·colored. You investigate 
further, and it appears to be a 
hunded-over, matted-hair 
human . 

This completely inno 'ent 
human -a nimal-wolf runs 
through the forests on a II fours 
a nd IS tra pped by a group 01 
country farmers. The wolr-boy, 
as it is now ca llcd, is s nt away 
toward ' Paris tn an IDstitute 
for the dea I' and blind, Th 
wolt-boy is dil'l'icull. lie cannot 
walk on just two reel. Hc is 
slovenly. unlllunnerl.I , and 
preler ' th tloor 10 his leather 
b d. and preters sl eping 
uutdoors most 01 all 

Dr. ltard , a PJrislan medical 
ma n, 'ks th 1'1' 'nch 
government whl) IS Ir at ing 
the woll' ·bo:. as though he were 
a II' ak . it h can carc lor th 
boy . The dot tor take ' th boy 
ou t 01 Paris, where he ha ' 
become the thing to talk about 
an Paris ~ciety . The clergy 
lam nt fIVer his lack (II 
religion . " Has h ' be 'n 
baptized?" a PariSian lady 
'hrlck" li e rcache, Itard 's 

first pair of shoes.' !tard 
proceeds to educa te him . He 
learns to use silverware and a 

-, 

I 

domicle. He receives hi s first 
haircut. his fir t bath, and he 
painfully struggles with hi 

~ 
JeDD·Pierre Carlol a tbe wolf-boy in FraDcol. Tnffaut'. tale 
of tile clvUiatloD of • primitive, TIle WUd CllIId, bowllll 
tomorrow thnMlllI April 13 at tbe Unlconl TlMatre, 

napkin instead or grabbing at 
things. Cleanlines is next to 
godliness. 

The boy escapes back to his 
native fore t. Itard frets . Was 
his endeavor in vain? 

Whether or not lIard ' s 
project is succe sful is ror Ihe 
audience to deude. The Wild 
Child, I L' Enfant Sauvage J Ihe 
late ·t tllm by Francois 
Truffaul. recounts thi true 
ton' 01 Dr. ltard and hi 

foundling woll -boy, Truflaut 
plays Ita rd in Ihl I ilm , and 
Jean-Picrre 'argol doe an 
amazing portrayal of the wild 
ch ild . 

In these day ' of wanting to 
" get back to the garden" Ihe 
ad of " tivllIzang ' thiS woll ·bov 
seems in('ongl'UI)U to mJny 
proponent , of g'tUng bat k to 
th land Ilowl'l cr, a t flaan 
'urprisin!( thJII1 01 evenl' at 
the cnd ot the 111m Ie: I me 
opllmlslI('. I telt I'l' l y 
enlightcnt'{l el'("~ thing could 
be all raghl :\110 ('ould be 
human 10 lila 1. and . II 

humanit~ ("It I '<l~ , the carth b~ 
thclr mer(' ('XI"tf'll(' hpn I 
ltard and hi' \\'oll-bol' 'hould 
b pnm pi ""Is ullhatth 51. 

The Wild 'hild will be 
'howang a t the l; mcorn Theatre 

on La Jolla Boulevard pi'll 7 
through 1:1 

April 6, 1971 Triton Times Page 5 



,. •• ~. -J'j ,.~ •• ~ •••• " , " .. ................ . -.·.·,.:.~.·.x.:.:.:,,-.·.· .... ·.·.·.:..~··-·········-···;-. .~ " ....... ·- · · · ········;·;·;~·;·;..:,~···-·i .. 
,;:i';o;o;,;,;,;,;,;,;,;o;:;, .'. • .•.•.•.•.•.•.•. o; ..................... ~o; •••••••••••••••••••••••••••••• ~ ••••••••••••• ~ ••••••• ;o;o;~ •• » ...... ;.;.;·;···::;~·;::·~::; .. v.-;:;.;.;·;·;:;·;·;.;·::;·;:;·~:;:;~::;:::;:::;.:~:c:s· ... ·(.:.:. ~_"''''.'.~(or.'.'''''''''':':';O:':')')(.':')''''''''''"'~''''''''''''' ...... ". .................. . ' ............................ n .... .... . ,'.' ~ ........... ···•.•.•.•.·.·.•.•.•.• .. ·.·.·.·.·.w.·.·.· .. • ..... •.·.•.•.• .... : .•.•.•.•. • ..... •.•.•.• .. w .... w;.;~.~~.~ .. i~t~~~~li~gi~t·~.. ....... . :~\: 

I Volleyball Opens Tonite :l~l 
I I , ~ 

~,,::) .. :; ... :~:,,: =~ \,,:~ .. ::l: .. ::,':: UCSD's first women 's intercollegiate volleyblll team has been put 
together this year and opens its season tonight. Directed by Chuck 

:;:: Millenbah, who also coaches wrestling, the team consists of fifteen :::; 
:.~'" women, ranging from freshmen to graduate students. The team logs :.:;,: 

lOW lOW RATES 
D. RAKOW 
BY APPT ONLY 
281-4586 

HYPNOSIS 
TECHNICIAN·CONSULT ANT 

SMOKING·WEIGHT·MEMORY 
NERVES·CONFIDENCE 

INSOMNIA·SELF HYPNOSIS 

INVIT A TION TO JOIN AN 
ASCORBIC ACID EXCRETION 

TRIAL SERIES 
A study is under way to determine the effect. of !ong-term 

ascorbic acid ingestion on the rate af metabolism In n?rmal 
subjects regularly ingesting large doses (1.1 0 grams dal.ly). If 
yau are interested and if you qualify ple~se contact ~"lIam 
Rhead. Your cooperation would conSISt In the colle~tl.on of 
morning urine over a period of one to two wee~s. Parhclpa.nts 
will receive a modest reimbursement for their cooperation 
(SI0,"per week .) 

............................... ........................... 

QUESTIONAIRE 
IIAME: ................... " ...... " ...... _ ................................................................ . 

ADDRESS: ...................................................... " .. , PHONE: ........................ . 

AtnOU TAiliNG ASCORBIC ACID (Vil1lmin C) II GULARLY YES NO 
IF YES, HOW MUCH PlR DAY (I NDICATE AMOUNT IN GRAMS~ ............. . 
HOW LONG HAVE YOU BUN TAiliNG ASCORBIC ACID AT THIS LEVEL? 

RnURN QUESTIONAIRE VIA CAMPUS MAil 
TO Bill RHEAD, DEPT. OF CHEM. 

BISHOP 

Page 6 Triton Time. April 6, 1971 

at least three hours of practice each week, although individual 
members may be seen on the courts much more often than that. 
Practices have been going on for nearly two months. 

Workout hours are Monday and Wednesday 4:15 to 5:30, and 
Tuesday and Thursday from 2:00 to 3:00. 

The three most valuable players, according to Coach Millenbah, 
are Shelly Hill, Brita Griffin, and Carol "the Digger. " The coach 
feels his team is surprisingly good, although he also stresses the need 
for more practice. 

Because the team was organized at the tail end of the regular 
intercollegiate volleyball season, it has been very difficult to 
schedule games. The first game will be played tonight at 6: 30 p.m. in 
the UCSD gymnasium. Opposition will be provided by ·' the Bullies", 
an independent AAU team that is supposed to be very strong, 

UCSD will then host the NAlA District 3 Volleyball Tournament, 
starting at 10 :30 a.m. on Saturday, April 10. 

Although this is a rather short season, coach Millenbah sees a good 
season for the girls next year, when competition will begin in the fall 
and run through the spring. 

Matches are played over a 7ft. 6 in . regulation net, and are decided 
by winning two games out of three. Any girls interested in playing 
intercollegiate vollejlball for UCSD should contact Chuck Millenbab. 

AT THE COFFEE HUT 
WEDNESDAY 

NIGHT 

CASINO 
ROYAL 

I 
I 
I 

•• -SCHEDULED AIRLINE 

Ma~ 21 .. WIl'- un 
M.1 lOt "WI",. un 
June 1 1 WIn. un 

A"" . 20 .. w.,. ,23' 
A",,.,21' 4 WIe,. ,n. 
Au" n J WI" . t1Jl 

June 2 :. Win. un s .. ,. $ .. Wk t.. U31 
Jun. 11 .. w.,. U4' Sepl . 1 , Wk t.. ,n, I C AL - LONDON AOUNDTJUII' A ___ .... IMH.DCMilDDCM:lODC:IOODC:IO". June 1 S ,w.,. 1211 Jun. 22 J Wlet.. U4' I June n 4 Wkt.. 1241 

$ePt , 15 3 w... ,2" 
S-Pl . 11 3 Wk.. U3. 

[,U"O"I TO LOS AI'tCIL£5 

I 
I 
I 
I 

COME HEAR 
HAROLD ROGERS 

SPEAK ON 

THE CONTINUING 
REVOLUTION 

THURSDAY APRIL 8 8:00PM 
INFORMAL LOUNGE, REVELLE 

SPONSORED BY CHRISTIAN SCIENCE 
ORGANIZATION 

ranges from the brlllliilnt 
to the merely excellen l !" 

Ogar/Be rk eley 8ii1rb 

TICKETS 
$1 .00 UCSD 

'2.00 OTHERS 

" WHERE THE FUN IS! • •. si, 
peerl'$Sly·matc:hed jesterllo 
... delightful .. . marvelousl~ 
witty . .• the most alert. clever 
and ultimately funny mate· 
rial The Comm ittee has yet 
performed!"' 

Eichelbaum/ Exami ne, 

" The new show continulS The Com· 
m ittee 's 'rad il ion and reputat ion for 
be ing one of the Wittiest, Inventive. 
most topical shows around. wh ile at 
the same t ime rem aining one of thl 
most diSCiplined performances on 
any .tage, .nyw~""! A BIG HUR· 
RAH!" Rose / Palo Alto Times 

" The new Commi ttee show Is the 
fu nniest ... reached Its peak with 
th. takeoff 0' the NUfet .... ·runt.yn 
hipPie bi llet. Recomm.nded for 
anyone who enjoys good uti,. ," 

Rose / KNEW 

Jul.., It .. Wk ~. 124, 

Jut.., 14 2 Wk. . U4' 

July 13 • W.... 12.' 
J",IW 11' 4 w... U.' 
J",ly 11 'W... UII I A",. . .. J Wlu . 1241 Aul. • .. W. t.. U4I All Ih,fth .nul "om LA b ' e.pllhOM mlrlll~d With .nlr •• 1'1 wh lCft I .... 'rom O ..... I.nd • •• aepu. "0," Doth LA .. 0,11: · 
"" .. 

June I J ~o "·LA ,n, 
to Sept . II 
M .... n "m~ ' LA 

on. WI), ,100 
.... )' 30 L.n~ •• I'"d 

ont W.), 
Jwnt 1 ~.n · L" 1'00 

OMW.'" lIDO 
LOS ANG£LU TO LONDON 

S.Dt II" 'US 
Ckt . , IUS 
OCI . ". 'US 
OCI , • tl11 

'1 Sorry. IImltlll 10 U nlVlBlty of C.lllorni. stuClenll, "'''. flcu lIY I Inll familY. 
------~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~-------

I Brent Baker I ...i~;' ..... 

If you cin drive it. 
weill insure it 

for less. 
No matter what you drive - from a conservative Volkswagen to a radio 

cal hot rod - we can save you money on your car insufance. 
. College Student Insurance Service has been working with the Auto 

Insurance Industry for 5 years to prove that college students deserve 
lower rates on thei, car insurance. Now, if you're an Associated Student 
member, you can get Group Discounted Auto Insuranc. at an .verlle sav· 
ings of 48% in California. Plus, you can continue your coverlle after 
you',e out of school, 

For a personal quote. call CSIS today. 

We feel that you shouldn't have to pay more to insure your c.r thin you 
did to buy it. 

5090 Colleg. Ave. 
583·9393 

C.S.I.S. W.'r. on your lid •• 

S ELECTIONS SOON, VOTE! YACHTING 4 SUMMER. POSITIONS 
, .. ...,,, _ fw 
s.nlUGl & th. rapeutlc 

If 
,.. •• Iot"",,, .... , .. 'vll .. 

.............. ,.,. WATERiEDS YMr ,Ieoot - _ ,1M .... ,. ~,tt4 
.... hoeIi" '" 'f!4I ~'::. ¥ ;~D No phone (ails 

Stop in and see John AIR FRAME' 
KING $5500 
SIZE PAC~r~C 
_Ithhol. 1"""1 51.., 

. Y~M;J.K~ The W.te .... ole 
,.,. .. 
110·2.11 

4212 
.. c.tM .... 

1UI I.r •• t ... 
.cific .... c. .11·1555 

TRUNKS AND TOWELS 

IF YOU WANT TO KNOW ABOUT PEANUT BUTTER - ASK 
A PEANUT BUTTER FREAK - HE KNOWS ! 

IF SOUND IS YOUR THING 
COME TO DOW SOUND CITY 

WHERE THE SOUND FREAKS WORK! 

THE SYSTEM 200 
If you 're on a budget bul insist on a great quality stereo system - dig this. You get 
a Nikko 301 40-watt solid state FM-AM-Multiplex receiver (walnut case oplional) . .. 
two fantastic DSC I bookshelf speakers with a frequency response of 50 Hz 10 17,500 
Hz, a 6" diameter bass speaker, a 2" diameter midrange/tweeter, enclosed in fine 
hand rubbed walnut. The BSR 5500X automatic changer complete with base and 
dust cover will make any system complete - but just for fun we've added a set 
of DSC stereo earphones to' start you grooving. 

Retail price $307.30 
Dow Sound City price 199.95 

You . are 107.35 

FREE! $20.00 stereo earphones with any purchase of $70.00 or more and this ad! 
Easy Terms - Trade-ins Accepted e The Sound Freaks Honor Master Charge, Bankamericard, and Money, 

~~~Y!!\s~ty 
FASHION VAllEY EAST, SAN DIEGO 

PHONE: 29t ·5595 
3686 El CAJON BOULEVARD, SAN DIEGO 

PHONE : 283·2325 
Other store locations are: Pasadena. Golera and O.nard 

SCHEDULED 
AIR LINE 

~ 

EUROPE 
ChB pier 
JlighlS $229 ROUNDTRIP 

BOEING 101 
STUDENTS 'STAFF'FACUl TV 
-------------Phone 755-6253 
... " .... Brent Baker ... 
. 00 . ... 1605 ForestWay .. . 
CIT> ..... .. . Del Mar . .... . . 

.OW YOURSElf 
UP'05T~~ SIZE I ' 
-.., ..... -.-. . "I.r~' or 1N,lllne _to. 
11 ,tit &1ft Ilki ... • .,Ittl-
til p,. Id,,1 room elK.r.· 
t toft •. , fltffttt tor .,nlts, 
.. n.r OfI, I",', . rodVC I Ht· 
fer .... It,... " lil t .... po,t. 
If ""lied In MI., 

2 n.x 3 FT. $350 
r,,,,,. fo, 213 t'l. ,.,.t., .. " U .ts 

HIGHLAND HOUSE 
P.O. 801 9673 San Diego Ca. 97109 
I hove enclosed $ ........... .. 

l~~;:::: :::::: :::::::. :::1 
:;:;State ... •• ..•• Zip ...• •• . ... :;:: 

~ ~ 
:::::::::::::::::::::::::':::::::::::.:::::.:.:::::::::::::::::::::!:!: 

The Amen dn Y dlhllng A,;oCIJ-
lion wllh ',,"ng' on Ihe [.1,1 
COJ", We,1 Cnd't, Gull Ared. 
and the Greal Ldke, i, ;oliclilng 
lor ,ummer crew JppioCdn!; 

Po, illon; .Ire dvallable for 
.'rerienced a, well dl me'pen· 
eneed mJ le Jnd female college 
,'udell" and grddudte" ExpcrI' 
ence in cooking dnd child larc 
mdY be particularl) helpful 

Crewing alford, one the 
opponunllY 10 earn rea>onabie 
sums while engdged 10 plea;anl 
ouldoor dCIIVlty. 

To apply Iype a 1 page 
resume follOWing .II clo,el~ as 
p(mible the form ,hown below . 
In Apnl your resume will be 
edited, printed dnd ,ent to 
approximatel y 1500·2 500 
(depend ing on ared) large craft 
owntrs. 

RESUME FORII-(i) name, 
addre;; (home and school). 
phone number, age, (2) relevant 
work or re(realiOndl experience; 
(3) dalcl available and area(s); 
(4) 2 or more studentl w,\hmg 
to work logether, stale name of 
other panics. (5) other informa· 
lion. 

Send your ,elumc with 16 
proce Img fcc 10 : 

American Y.chung AISOClatlon 
SUite 503, 8730 Sunlet Blvd . 
Los Angele" Calitorma 90069 

Your relume mUlt be received 
no later than Apr il 15,1971. 

24 Hour Service 295-1717 

PRECISE INCOME TAX 
Ours is the best! 

Your home or our oHice. 

Special auention to student! and 
faculty, Guoranteed to save you 
money' 81ue Chip Slomp. . Com. 
petent, profenionol , accurote, 

L--______ -' 

Educational Pol icy 
Student 0 pi n ion Po II 
Part one 

The Co mmittee on Educational Policy, a committee of the 
Academic Senate, consider many question that directly 
affect students on Ihis campus. T~o of the question pre ently 
being considered concern the future of the college sy tem and 
the structure of the academic year. CEP needs tudent in·put 
to enable them to make the e decisions fairly. In making your 
choices, please ignore monetary and admini trative 
con iderations and give your opinion of an ideal situation. 

As ume that UCSD will be limited to 10,000 to 15,000 
student . What ollege tructure would you prefer a the ideal 
learning ituation? 
I. No separate college . 
2. Two colleges, one Engineering and cience, and one 
Humanities and Fine Arts . 
3. Five college of 2000 each (not nece sarily keeping Revelle 
and Muir) . 
4. The present three coll eges, 
5. The present colleges plus a fourth one. 
6. Other (please specify) 

QUESTION NO. ONE 
1. 0 
2. [J 
3. [J 
4. [J 

~. D 
6. 

Plea fill out the ba k of the page also, tear off and drop it in 
box where TT' are di lributed. Thank You. 

April 6 , 1971 l riton Time, Page 7 



MEETINGS- 4:30 p.m . Fi hbowl , 
Mu ir Co mmon s, Year book 
organizational meeting. 

7 p.m.. 2622 USB,Revelle , 
sem inar on ca ree r s in 
environmental service$ sponsored 
by Career-Education Planning 
Services. 
FILM- noon, 2622 USB , "Eulerian 
and Lagrangian Descroptions in 
Fluid Mechanics". 
LECTURE- noon , Salk Small 
Seminar Room , Dr. Jacob on 
Urban League. 
MUSIC- noon, Recital Hall , MC 
409 , program devoted to 
improvisation in historic styles on 
the piano and live electronic music. 

WEDNESDA Y, I 
April 7 

MEETINGS- noon, orth Dining 
Hall. Revelle Cafeteria. ircle K. 
7:30 p.m., Revelle Informal 
Lounge, Asian America n Student 
All iance. 
LE CTURE S- 4 p.m.. Li eb 
Amphitheater. "Nucleotide Levels 

and Metabolic Control in Bacterial 
Photosynthesis," Martin Kamen, 
Ph.D. 
FlLM- 7:30 p.m., Experimental 
Humanities Room, UCSD Sailing 
Club presents " Eighteen Footers" 
on dinghy racing. 

~ETRY READlNG- 8:3O p.m., 
UCSD Art Gallery, by Avant-garde 
English poet, Tom Pickard. 
DANCE CLASSES- 5-6:30 p.m., 

orth Balcony of gym, Anomaly 
Factory. 

8 p.m., 304 MC, Scandinavian 
Folk Dancing. 

THURSDAY, 
April 8 

MUSIC- noon, 409MC, Trombone 
Lecture-Demonstration 

Noon, concert of Madrigals and 
old Recorder music by UCSD 
Madrigal Singer and others 
PA I H TABLE- S-7 p.m.,5th 

floor Center House Lounge. Tioga 
Hall. Muir. to practice panish for 
an hour. 
PA OVER DlNNER- 6:30 p.m .. 
All Saints Lutheran Church. 
Univer ity. R VP C,o 453-9561 or 
459-8855. 

Venereal Disease . . . . 
(Continued from page 3) 

does not always have outward 
signs of these di eases but can 
have them with no obvious 
symptoms whatsoever . That is 
why it is so important for 
persons who have any rea on to 
suspect VD to seek medical 
diagno is and treatment at 
once. Person who su pect VD 
infection should go to their 
famil y physician or to the 
County Department of Public 
Health VD clinics in San Diego 
or Oceanside. There is no 
charge for thi conridential 
ser v ic e at th e He alth 
Department. State law now 

allows physicians to treat 
minors for venereal disease 
without parental consent. 

Hours and locations for the 
clinics are: San Diego, 1600 
Pacific Highway, Monday 
througb Friday 8-11:30 a.m. 
daily , 1-4 p.m . except 
Wednesday ; Oceanside, 104 S. 
Barnes St. , Wednesdays, 1·4 
p.m. 

Thank you very much for 
your help. H you want any 
further information, call 239· 
7711, ext. 326 

Sincerely Yours, 

J. B. Askew 

Director of Public Healtb 

Edu(ational POIi(y Poll 
Part two 
In making your choice keep in mind that you will never have 

to go yea r round . AI 0 note tha t the difference between a 
sum mer program and a ummer term is tha t the program 
entail inten ive tud} in one or two area for 6- week , while 
a term's study would be much the ame a a normal term . 
Plea e mark either I or II 

Then mark ~'our ordt" of prele rence under both I and II 
I. A com'entional academic ~'ear Wi th separate summer 
programs. 

It lunded sum111 r operat ion i ' not to be re umed. my 
prelerence a mong p()~slb l e ca lendars i . In order making ~'our 
choices 1L3.4. 
A. Three quarters a . at present. 
B. Two conventional ~emeste r (Sept-Jan. Feb-J une 1 
C. Two unconventional ::-eme tel' I Aug-Dec. Jan-Ma~'1 
O. Other I please p cll~'1 
II. Fund d ~'ear-round opera tion 01 the univer it~·. if ~·ear· 
round opera tion I to be restored. 111 ~' prele rence among 
po Ib le ca lendar are. In order I numbered 1.:l.3 .41 
.-\ Four quarter I a In 1966-1969 1 
B. Two convent ional eme te l' plus a special summer term. 
C. Two uncom'enl1onal 'eme ters plu a p cial ummertenn. 
D. Three lour month terms (trimester 1 
E. Other I pi e ~p ci I ~O) 

QUESTION O. TWO 

I. [J II. 0 
A. 0 A. 0 
B. 0 B. 0 
C. 0 C. 0 
D. 0 D. 0 

E . 0 
(Part I on page 7) 

Page 8 Triton Time. April 6, 1971 

DANCE CLASSES- I-2:3O p.m. 
North balcony of gym, Anomaly 

'Factory, Modern dance. 
8-12 p.m .. 201 MC, Folk Dancing. 

SPECIAL EVENT- 12-2 p.m., 
Humanities Library Auditorium, 
"Sights and Sounds of Jesus Christ 
Superstar" 
FILMS. • • • • • • • • • •• In 
honor of Paul Saltman 's birthday. 
(April ll ) "Why Man Creates" a 
film featuring Revelle Provost will 
be shown with "2001 " 

7:30 and 10:30. USB 2722, Friday 
ight Flicks. " 200I·A Space 

Odyssey" 

SATURDAY, 
April 10 

PARTY-Upper Blake Lounge at 
8:00 p.m. Sponsored by Alpha 
Sigma Phi with help from Blake 
gi rl s. We provi de so und s , 
munchies, and drink ; you provide 
the bodies. This is gonna be 
good- be there! 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Revelle Seniors- a list of 1971 

Spring and Summer gradua ting 
seniors i now posted on the 
bulletin board outside the Provost's 
Office. Please check to make sure 
your name is on it. If it is not and 
you wish to graduate file a card 
with the Office by May 6. 

The deadline for submitting 
peti lions requesting permission to 
transfer from other UCSD colleges 
into Muir College next Fall is 
Friday. May 14. 

Professor Richard Mann is 
teaching a course this quarter 
enti tied The Process of College 
Education. Final paper will be 
required . Four hours class per 
week plus eight to ten outside 
classroom research. 

Tune your head into KSDT for 
far·reaching sounds- jazz. rock , 
country , specia l prog ram s. 
information on school happenings! 

Former 1T News Editor 
Makes Good w ith GOP 

Former TRITO~ TIME news editor. Roger M. Showley. <!<! . 
ha been named Director of the GOP 's Wa hi ngton Campus 
Xew ervice. Which provide news re leases and government 
documents to college newspapers and radio sta tion . 

In making the a nnouncement today. Lyn Nofziger. Deputy 
Chairman for ommunications at the Republ ica n National 
Committee. aid the new ervice provides a " vehicle fo r 
getting our message across to the nation' student in thei r 
own language." 

The weekly mailing erve over 1.000 newspa per and 500 
radio station . 

" Our intere t ." Show ley said. " begin wi th the Republican 
Part~· . but go beyond to include everything from the 
President' fore ign policy me ~age to government policies on 
defen~e re earcho()n university campuse .' 

A na ti ve of an Diego. Showley graduated in hi tQry Irom 
C Ola t J une. He erved as TRITOX TIME N w ed itor 

lall and winter 1967·8 and aga in winte r and pring 1970. He 
worked in the ommunications office of the White House 
Conference on hildr n and Youth before moving to the 
Republica n ~at ional ommitlee in J anua ry. 

At UC San Diego, 
PSAlnakes 
allislneet 

IS2 aday. 

ThaI's how many times PSA connects San Diego with Los An· 
geles. Hollywood·Burbank, Ontario. Long Beach, Oakland, San 
Franc isco. Sac ramenlo, and San Jose. Wilh lowest air fares. 

Me~ l your campus rep halfway. Or your travel agent. Or PSA. 
P5A gtves ,au a 11ft. 

liP 
I IUt, "n/MtM 
".,'S_ 

~SttJII". 
7f7.31ao 

Admission $3 .50 

RAMBLING 
JACK ELLIOT 

PLUS 
GARLAND 

FRI· SAT ·SUN 
ADD. 2 .50 OPENS 8pm 

CLASSIFIEDI 
For Sal. 

WATn liDS TranslUlunt 
Guaranteed to infinity. Wide 
seloction, shapes and size" 6'.7' 
King size $34.50. twinsize $29.50. 
Call 222·9175 after 5 p.m. 

("*2) 
A IITTU 1101 King size water iMd. 
$55 .00. Tho Water HoIo, .. 2.2 II 
Cajon Blvd., 210-2611 . 

(R) 
'70 Suzuki Trail 90, II h.p. with 
dual strHt Of trail transmission, top 
spoocI 65 mph, only 3,000 milos 
$250. Call Greg at 755·7636. Leave 
monage. (" *6) 
Waterproof, du.t. proof, shock· proof, 
burglar. proof all aluminum Kalimar 
photo of sound equipme nt case, a 
lightweight portable with shoulder 
strap. Regular $49.95, only $29.95. 
Call Mark at 755·3990. 

(R) 
FOR SALf- ROIERTS 1725 TAPE 
RECORDER CARTRIDGE AND REEL. 
SELDOM USED IN .. MONTHS. 
PERfECT CONDo $250 OR BEST 
OFFER. 233 .... 873 . 

(4*13) 
foR SALf - HONDA 1970 175CC 
HELMET, BATTERY CHARGER, NEW 
LfATHER JACKET $325. CALL 453· 
7099. J!* 6) 
FOR SALE 7 ' 3 " LA JOllA 
SURFBOARD CUSTOM BUILT GOOD 
SHAPE. $50 OR BEST OFFER. 
CAU453·6539. NILS 

(4*6) 
65 ' MUSTANG CONV. MUST SELL 
WHOLESALE BLUEBOOK. CALL GREG 
SCRAGG 272·7"50 Of BLDG 2A 
6337 (" *13) 

Travel 
EUROPE: $225·$280. Also ISRAEL 
and JAPAN Spring and Summer 
flights available call 755·3990 after 
5 p.m., or write E.S.E.P.- UCSD 
8217 Beverly Blvd., Lo. Angeles, 
Calif. 

(5' 11 ) 
Europe Jet Charter Flights. Spri ng 
Special. March 30 thru June 15 -
$268. Plus full summer program. 
Call"'''ie 582·9098 after 5. 

• (R) 

EUROPE/ ISRAEL/ EAST AFRICA 
One way and round trip sludenl 
Iravel discounts. SOFA agenl for 
over 200Q. inler·Europea n sludenl 
charIer fl ights. CONTACT: ISCA 
11687 San Vincenle Blvd., No. 4, 
L.A. CAUF., 90049. TEL: (213) 836-
5669. 

(6 ' 4) 
CHEAPEST FLIGHTS TO EUROPE. 
Charlers throughoul Europe, Asia , 
Africa, Israel. New York $158 RT. 
LAX*LON*LAX *April 3· 11 , Eurail 
posses sludenl i.d. cards, A.I.S. 9056 
Sanla Monica Blvd., Los Angeles, 
90060, (213) 27 .. · .742. 

(" *2") 
Europe charlers. 50 Deporlures, also 
from N.Y., Africa, India, I"ael. 60 ' 
per cenl Off. FrH info: EASC, 323 N. 
Beverly Dr., Beverly Hill., Calif., 
90210. PhoMl(213) 276-6293. 
(5*11 ) 
EUROPE CHARTERS . Several 
schedules from $250 roundtrip, 
$150 oneway . Coord inato r: 
ProfelSor Margarel Paal 247 
Roycroft. Long Beach. 90.03. 213· 
438-2179. 

(4*24) 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F st. 

PAYS DONORS 
for services 
Tues. thru Sat. 

233 - 8328 

Per.onal. 
CASH POI USiD SOCIOlOGICAL 
RESEARCH DISIGN PAPIR. BIU 
JACKSON. 2'3·0416. 

("*13) 
PARTlOPATlNG COOPERATIVES IN 
DEL MAR. CAU JOHN DIAlS. 276-
6016, 755·3904, .. 61 .... 3 .. 9. 

(" *6) 
.-Service. 

LEARNTORY 
RIGHT INSTRUCTION FOR PRIVATE 
COMMEROAL, INSTRUMENT, AND 
MULTIENGINE RATINGS. CALL BUZZ 
488·0272 

(4*30) 
AVOID INCOME T AX HASSLE! 
Precise Income Tax Service 2 .. Hours, 
your home, Of our office, save 
money, 295· 1787. 

DISTINCTIVE TYPiNG 
IBM EXECUTIVE 

(4 ' 3) 

Service on Schedule . Modesl Ro les. 
Satisfaction is lho end producl. 
Helen 459·8888 

(R) 
Typing - for accurale Typing on 
electric pica - lerm popers, Iheses, 
manu scr ipts , e lc. Ca ll Mrs . 
McCroskey 287· 1607. (R) 
Typing. . .Experienced Iypisl . . 
.. Term popers, Iheses. Electric 
typewriter. Will do rush jobs. 453-
6835. 

(R) 

Income lax, Federal and Slale 
relurns preporalions. Discounl for 
sludents, staH, and faculty. Call 
453·7708. 

(4*9) 

Is Your Aulo Sick or Tired 
Try James Aulomolive Service 
American and Foreign Cars Repoirs 
and Poilu lion Control. Sludenl 
Discounl 7748 Herschel La Jolla (in 
lhe rear) 459·9181 

(R) 

TYPING SERVICES, Thesis, lerm 
popers, elc. IBM Iypewriler, for 
informalion cal! 755·1 630. 

(4 *16) 

Jobs 
Male sludents parl ' fu ll lime, $3 hr. 
plus schola rship. Call 224·2864 . 

(R) 
NEEDED HOSTESS AND COCKTAIL 
WAITRESS AT THE JOllY OX 
SOLANA BEACH. CALL 453·7380. 
(4*6) 

MEN of all Irades 10 NORTH SLOPE, 
ALASKA, alld Ihe YUKON, a round 
$2800.00 a monlh. For complel. 
information write to Job Research, 
P.O. 80x 161 , Stn.A, Toronlo, 
Onlario. Enclose $3 10 cover cosl. 

(,, '23) 

Housing 
-

FEMALE ROOMMATE WANTED TO 
SHARE STUDIO APT IN LA JOLLA. 
CALL ANN. EXT. 1 .. 66 01"59.9006. 
A"ER6. 

(,,*6) 

FURNISHED 100M ~ BlOCK FROM 
lEACH IN LA JOLLA $15 A MONTH 
SEE MANAGER 350 PlAYA DEL SOl 

(4*6) 


