
triton ti 
Volume 14, Number 17 

Presented with a five-point charge from 
Acting Chancellor York, the Advisory 
Committee on Police-Student Relations last 
week began their investigation of ways to ease 
tensions between law enforcement agencies 
and students. The committee immediately 
attempted to explore the possibilities of 
providing legal assistance to students in 
trouble with the law. 

Vice-Chancellor of Student Affairs George 
Murphy, committee co-chairman along with 
student Nick Aguilar, presented the 24 
members with the charge from the Chancellor 
at the body 's first meeting Tuesday evening. 
The Chancellor instructed the advisory 
committee to explore ways " to improve 
relationships between students and the 
campus and San Diego police ; to make the 
campus police department a more integral 
part of the campus community ; to develop 
effective mechanisms for handling complaints 
inv?lving students and police officers, 
whichever party is the complainant; and to 
provide students with necessary and possible 
levels of legal counsel and assistance in 
protecting their rights as citizens. " The 
committee was given broad discretion in its 
functions, in that the Chancellor also 
instructed it to seek ways " to resolve such 
other issues involving students and police as 
may, in your judgment. require attention." 

Open to Public 
After deciding that until further notice all 

committee meetings will be open to the public. 
the stUdent-administration committee decided 
on the areas on which they will initially focus. 
The committee decided that they wi\1 
concentrate for the present on the problems of 
files maintained by the campus police and 
ways of providing legal assistance to student . 
The committee is scheduled to present its first 
report to the Chancellor tomorrow and it wi\1 
most likely deal with tbese-two issues. 

Info centers and 

University of California, San Diego 

Legal aid, files are topics for 
police-student relation group 

Frank Phillips 
Before dividing into subcommittees to deal 

with the two issues, the committee spent a 

Revelle college dean Tom Hull, Campus 
Police Cbief M. E. Torrens and Vice 

considerable amount of time Tuesday 
discussing the problem of raising bail money 

for students when they are jailed. The 
committee was informed that although the 

Chancellor George Murpby at police relations 
committee meeting last week. 

University attempts to offer assistance to 
students in trouble . there is no set procedure 

Statement from Chancellor'York 

November 30, 1971 

which is followed. An example was given of a 
student who was arrested in Riverside on a 
drunk driving charge a couple of weeks ago. 
Bail was set at $535, which the student could 
not afford to pay. Arrangements bad been 
made througb the Financial Aids Office. with 
Vice-Chancellor Murphy's assistance, for the 
student to get an advance on his financial aids 
money which would pay for his spring tuition. 
It was pointed out that this was a special 
situation which might not be possible in other 
cases. 

"Universal" Assistance Opposed 
While most committee members agreed 

that there was a need to find some way of 
obtaining bail money for students who are 
arrested, there was some resistance to 
providing assistance in all cases. One 
committee member said " there are some 
things bail should be provided for and some 
things it should not. " The person said that he 
didn 't think the University should provide bail 
money to someone arrested for drunk driving 
since "someone who is driving while he is 
drunk can kill someone." Other members 
pointed out that it is important to remember 
that "everyone is innocent until proven 
guilty." Pointing out that bail is a 
constitutional right. one member said that 
" we can 't be in the position of deciding which 
cases we wi\1 assist with and which we won 't. ,. 

It was pointed out that 10 ome cases 
persons are released from jail on their "own 
recognizance." Th committee wa informed 
that the AS IS negotlatlng With an organizatIOn 
called the "Center for Legal and SOCial 
Services" to prOVide a sernce which wi\1 
make OR releases more easllv obtamable to 
students. The Center prOVides a service for a 

10 a vear lee. which include a 24-hour 
answering service for persons arrested. one 
free consultatlon With an attorn y, and 

(continued on page 9) 

committee members Police-student relations strained 
The TRITON TIMES bas been designated as a reporting 

station for information-gathering by tbe Cbancellor's Advisory 
Committee on Student-Police Relations. Students and otber 
persons having information wbicb would be of value to tbe 
committee in its deliberations can be relayed to tbe committee 
tbrougb tbe TRITON TIMES or otber reporting stations. 
Students may also attend meetings of tbe committee and 
present information in person. Individual members of tbe 
committee may also be contacted witb pertinent information. 
Tbe committee is seeking information concerning 
confrontations between University or San Diego police and 
students. Suggestions of areas of importance wbicb persons 
feel sbould be investigated are also requested. 

Information reporting stations are as follows : 
TmTON TIMES, 117 Blake Hall, 453-%800 XIOI6. 
EDNA, 4S3-33Q or 453-ztOO XlI76. 
Muir Crisis Center, Apartment K-%, 453-9321. 

Members of die committee are as follows : 
Ken Carr 
Robert Baxter 
Roy Lattin 
Barbara Reyes 
Harrison Waite 
William Frazer 
H.D. Johnson 
George Murphy 
Willie Smith 
M.E. Torrens 
AllenZenk 
Tom Hull . 
Ernie Mort 
Mike Sheerin 
Nick Aguilar 
James 8eckely 
Cleo Malone 
Mickey Richardson 
Sharon Haney 
Pascual Martinez 
Sidney Glass 
Milan Labic 
Leo Howard 
Paul Kaufman 

Black Student Union 
Black Student Union alternate 
United Native Americans 
MECHA 
Graduate Student Council 
Faculty 
Vice Chancellor of Business and Finance 
Vice Chancellor of Student Affairs 
Dean of Student Affairs 
Campu Police Chief 
Assistant Dean of Student Affairs 
Revelle Dean 
Revelle Resident Dean 
Revelle Student Representative 
Revelle Student Representative 
Muir Dean 
Muir Resident Dean 
Muir Student Representative 
Muir Student Representative 
Third College Dean 
Third College Resident Dean 
Third College Student Representative 
Third College Student Representative 
AS President 

-The Chancellor's Advisory Committee on 
Police-Student Relations will meet today at 
4:30p.m. in Conference Room 506 Mat-
thews campus. All committee meetings are 
open to the public. 

A number of students at UCSD have 
brought to my attention a situation 
which I view with grave concern. The 
situation is not easy to describe. for it 
is composed of many elements. As 
perceived by these students, however, 
the most important element is an 
increase in the number and seriousness 
of their en~unters with law 
enforcement officials. • 

There is a history of strained 
relations between students and police 
across this ation which has been 
amply documented. Our own campus 
community has had intimate 
experience with these problems. But a 
new element has arisen that 
complicates the matter further . The 
Republican National Convention is 
scheduled for San Diego in August. 
1972. Some members of the San Diego 
community view UCSD with alarm and 
have sought to promote the notion that 
we will provide a sanctuary for 
revolutionaries bent on violent 
disruption of the convention. The 
notion is false but it persists. Its 
persistence leads to the belief by many 
that a nationwide network of law 
enforcement and related agencies 
seeks to " Neutralize" imagined as 
well as real threats to the convention. 
and that the focus of this 
.. eutralization" i this campus and 
es peciall y Third College . 
(Parenthetically. I want to state 
clearly and unequivocally that the 

CSD administration has no direct 
knowledge of any such network or 
objective. I 

Against this background . any 
changes in the nature and extent of 
police tudent encounters 
automatically b come highly vi ible. 
We are aware. for exampJ . of 
increased fteld interrogation 
actlville In connection with 
hitchhiking. a a result. pre umatl.v. of 
the orth Countv murder la t 
summer How ver. the perceptIOn and 
under tanding of thi activity by our 
tudEmt may be v ry differ nt from 

that of the authorities and the general 
public because of the situation I have 
described. 

Recently the situation deteriorated 
further when three black students 
were arrested in Pacific Beach on 
suspicion of armed robbery and 
subsequently jailed. Charges were 
never filed and the students were 
released 40 hour, later. but the arrests 
remain a mattcr of public record. In 
the same week, a La Jolla resident. not 
a student and not black . was observed 
several times destroying posters on 
our campus. She was not arrested and 
we have not yet been able to move 
effectively against this sort of 
harrassment. But reasons aside. it is 
no wonder that students question our 
assertions about the impartiality of 
justice. 

Because of these and other ca es. 
there is a rapidly growing mistrust of 
law enforcement agencies and Olher 
bureaucracies both on and off campus 
on the part of our students, especially 
minority students and students with 
new and different liIe-styles . It is this 
growing mistrustwhich I view with the 
most erious concern. I am committed 
to taking whatever steps I can in 
dealing with the basis for this 
mistrust. 

A a fir t step, I believe it is 
es entia I that the legitimate function . 
procedures. and constraints which 
apply to the UC D Police Department 
be c\ arly under too<l by tudent and 
admini trators alike. J further feel 
that it is neces ary for students and 
police to become b tter - acquamted 
per onally 0 that our police forc(' Will 
be corr tly vi w d a an mtegral part 
of our ampu commumty. rather than 
a orne rt of agent of out id forct:. 

Th matter of police record ha 
be n a central i ue in recent 
dl cu Ion I believ we all hould 
und r tan~ th truclure and purpo 
of these file and the problem 
tnvolving th ri hts of tho id ntified 
m them. \ Ithin lh conte t of uch 

understandtng. I believe we should 
move as rapidly and as completely as 
possible to make available to each 
concerned student the information 
those files contain about him. and the 
use to which that information is put. A 
number of other matters relating to 
the UCSD Police Department should 
similarly be addre sed. 

As a second step, the relationships 
between UCSD and the San Diego 
Police Department should be 
explained in considerable detail. Of 
particular concern is the degree of 
jurisdiction which that department 
exercises over the campus. and the 
understandings and agreements which 
have developed over the years in 
connection with that jurisdiction. 
These arrangement have been 
negotiated for the specific purpose of 
protecting the rights of student and 
others of the campus community. as 
well as the responsibility of the 
campus to conduct its own affairs. I 
believe the arrangements are good 
ones and that they have protected 
tudent . I also believe they need to be 

reviewed in detail in order to make 
certain that this is till so. 

The issue of campus police carrying 
guns has ari en again. I hall 
personally study this issue with an 
open mind and take whatever action I 
can that uch study sugge ts. 
However. I ~Iso hope that th tudents 
who rai this i ue Will commit 
them elve to tudy it with an open ' 
mind. taking into account th Ion 
li tory of I gitimate n ed for armed 
jlohc m our society and the laws and 
r gulations now extant which govern 
polic arm . B hind the gun i u . 
however. IS th fund mental i u of 
II U i.. 'n t: ell" a cummunit , th 
campu poltce and stud ot are both a 
part of our munity. and w mu t 
all operate In an almo "hpre of tru t. 

Ther ar other i u involved with 
th pr nl ituation. belt ve lh l 
way of coming to gnp with all of th 

(continued on page I) 



:page two 
Students give housing views 

. A r~cent report ~as concluded that the San Diego housing 
situation should be unproved to better " integrate the student 
and the University population into the community." 

Last April, three UCSD students, Jim Magill, Jeff Benjamin, 
and Tom Shepard, sent out a questioMaire to 1150 students in 
the area to determine what the housing situation was both on 
and off campus. This report was financed with $300 from the 
Associated Student Council, $50 from the Sociology 
Department and $600 from the Vice-Chancellor of Student 
Affairs. 

The questioMaire asked students to evaluate the present 
housing situation and indicate how they would like it to be 
imprOVed. The results were tabulated by a computer and 
analyzed to try and develop "a uniquely student-oriented plan 
for the development of the University community." 

The report is entitled, "Student Community Planning 
Project" and addresses itself primarily to the Master Plan for 
San Diego, which is supposed to determine future construction 
in the area. 

Some of the conclusions of the report were : 1) the 
" traditional" student is satisfied with the dorms on campus 
while the more " liberated" student is not satisfied ; 2) the 
apartments at Muir have not met all the needs of their 
residents ; 3) University rents are outrageously high ; 4) 
students do not want crowded city dwellings , rather they would 
prefer to live in a country " Walden scene'; 5) the Master Plan, 
developed by the San Diego City Council in 1959. must be 
updated ; 6 ) students can 't afford to live in high·priced 
apartments. 

The report concluded by urging San Diego to give more 
" thought to unique student needs" in the development of an 
effective housing program for the community." 

Third World tutors needed 
There exists a program which offers 4 units of course credit 

for tutoring minority students at San Diego High School. 
Minority students at UCSD are encouraged to attend the 
November 30th information session at Tioga Hall (Muir 
dorms) lltb floor at 7:30 PM. 

Over 60 per cent of tbe total student body at San Diego High 
School is black, brown, asian, or native american. Tbis school 
needs tutorial assistance, especially from students wbo are bi-
lingual. Therefore, if you feel competent ID tbe following six 
areas please attend the tbe November 30 session: ENGLISH, 
SCIENCE, MATH, HISTORY, SPANISH, and ENGLISH AS A 
SECOND LANGUAGE. 

Extended library hou rs fo r fi nals 
Increased utilization of work-study students by the University 

Library has made it possible to extend library hours from Nov. 29 
through Dec. 10. UCSD library hours for this period are as follows : 

II llll.l l/! 1%/1 1114 I! I$ 
Cul,al U.lvtfsily Library 

.. ·lIp 
.. ·lIp Ia.$p It-llp 

OU$lft I U.dulrad •• lIt Library la-It. " ·110 Ia·lp 11"110 
Stitlet ud EnCiDttriac Library .. ·lIp ... lIp h .llp 11"1., 
SIOUbnr) ... lIp h ·llp Ia.$p 11"1., 
Blomtdicat Library 

.. ·lIp 11·llp h ·lp Il"lIp 
SD Mtd. Sw,-U. iv_ Hospital Library 

... 11p h .. p h ·lp Il"lp 
I!/I •• n l l 1!l1I I!II! 

Cutr.1 U.il trsil) Ubrar) 
.. ·lI p .. .., Ia.$p Oosed 

O.sler 1 UIldff'lradllalf Library 10·110 ... ~p ".$p CI_ 
SciettCf ud EaclDetrinc Ubrary Io·llp .. ·lIp ••. lIp I,.., 
SIO Ubur)' II -Up "·11, Ia.$p II"~p BiolM4inl Library " · lIp .. ·lIp Ia·lp 1,.1., 
SO Med, Soc.-Ualv. Hospital Libra , ) h ·llp II.., h.s, Ip.~p 

Jewish culture answers 
1. Knis hes are small 

pas:eries filled with either 
mec t or pot2toe! 

2. IChicken ' especially 
chicken soup. 

3. I~ 
4. M~tzoh 
5. en means " son of": 

therefore Gurion is David 's 
father . 
6. I on lv know of two : AI 

Rosen and Hank Greenberg. 
7. One who has come from or 

ha had an ancestor from 
Eastern Russia I Lithuania or 
Latvia l. 

8. Theodore Hertz!. 
9. The leader of the. Jewish 

Defense League . 
10. The schmatta business is 

'anything that perta ins to the 
garment industry. 

II. Being overweight which is 
usually the result 0 
overeating. 

12. Mother. 
13. Eleven at last count. 

including the bagels and lox run 
between Tel·Aviv and Haifa. 

14. Schmuck is a very 
distinctive word which really 
has no synonyms. It should not 
b u ed loosely. 

Page 2 Triton Times Tuesday, November 30. 1971 

Kaufman: After the first 90 days 
Molly Salvin 

In a recent interview AS 
President Paul Kaufman 
indicated his administration is 
most concerned a t present wi th 
the maintenance of the coast 
Cruiser bus and with bettering 
student-police relations. 

With the end of the first 
quarter approaching, it might 
be worthwhile to examine the 
present student government, 
or, more specifically, AS 
President Paul Kaufman, in 
light of last springs' campaign 
platforms. 

Kaufman and Tom Caryl, AS 
Vice President, advocated 
primarily the establishment of 
a student corporation , 
financially independent of the 
University ; the establishment 
of an AS record store, 
laundromat , food store , 
bookstore , and student 
discounts at other local 
businesses. They pledged tl! 
maintain operation of the Coast 
Cruiser ; to seek easy access to 
Black 's Beach ; to expedite 
construction of the Student 
Center (to be built in the 
vicinity of the new 
International Center) ; to stage 
a "big name" concert at the 
Sports Arena to raise money ; 
to put students on important 
decision·making committees 
on campus; and to establish a 
student administrative 
assistant to work with the 
campus administration. 

Just how far have tlrese 
projects progressed by the 
beginning of December? 

The coast Cruiser has been in 
operation for nearly a year 
now, and according to 
Kaufman , it's customers really 
jepend on the service . 
However, the bus is generally 
only half-filled and financially, 
is not solvent. Operating funds 
have previously come from the 
AS but Kaufman is now 
attempting to secure new 
means of funding and more 
customers . 

Kaufman would like to 
purchase a London double-
decker bus directly from 
London and to subsidize it with 
$19,000 in funds from the 
University of California, the 
city of San Diego and from Gulf 
General Atomic Corporation. 
He feels the "psychological 
appeal" of a London double· 
decker bus will be great enough 
to lure hitchhikers and car 
commuters into riding this new 
Coast Cruiser . Once people 
break their car·riding habits , 
Kaufman feels , they will be 
more likely to sell their 
parking permits and /or their 
cars and become regular 
customers. The secret of 
success , according to 
Kaufman, is to operate the bus 
long enough and regularly 
enought to have poople be able 
to depend on it for service. " It 
must be made attractive 
enough·' he said. 

The $19,000 in funds would be 
enough to buy the bus ($5,000) 
and to operate it for a year 
($14 .000 ), Kaufman is presently 
attempting to get $13,000 from 

the University, specifically 
from President Charles Hitch's 
discretionary funds, with the 
remaining funds to come from 
local businesses and 
governments. 

To avert long repair delays, 
the bus will be ordered from 
London complete with the 
spare parts most likely to 
break down most often. 

Additionally , at some future 
date, the bus will be converted 
from diesel to propane to help 
reduce exhaust emmissions. 
. The new bus will need 
approximately 'h to 213 
occupancy plus a small subsidy 
to keep it solvent after its 
initial year of operation. 
Kaufman felt this money might 
be forthcoming from tbe City 
of Del Mar since it would like 
to see commuter traffic 
reduced. 

The present single-decker 
Coast Cruiser is rented from 
the Central Garage on campus 
and is operated by Mike 
" Heavy" Palcie, last year 's AS 
President. 

Renewed tensions between 
students and police, notably the 
arrest and subsequent release 

of Ken Carr, Herb Bradley and 
Paul Simms, have motivated 
Kaufman to seek greater 
protection for students and a 
better understanding wi th the 
police. 

Kaufman is presently 
considering AS membership in 
the Center for Legal and Social 
Services. The Center provides 
each member with a wallet-
sized card listing citizen's 
rights when arrested and 
contains two dimes for the two 
phone calls j)ermitted 
arrested persons. The member 
is to call the Center with one of 
the dimes and one of the staff 
lawyers will attempt to raise 
bail if one has been set. The 
member is then permitted one 
free visit from a Center 
Lawyer. Succeeding visits are 
a t a lower than usual price with 
flexible payment 
arrangements. 

Center memberships are 
normally $10 per person, 
however Kaufman says the AS 
hllS negotiated a special group 
membership rate for AS 
members of $2 per person. 

Kaufman calls the Center 
" legallnsurance for students". 
He feels Center membership 

"potentially" could have 
helped obtain earlier release 
for Carr, Simms, and Bradley. 

The center is "relatively 
small now" according to 
Kaufman, but it has a good 
reputation. Additionally, he 
feels that the Center's 
reputation will grow even more 
if the AS becomes a member. 

Kaufman also h3!l plans to 
initiate seminars on the 
student-police problem. These 
seminars will inform students 
of tbeir rights vis·a-vis the 
police and discuss current 
problems. 

Kaufman claims he is still 
" looking into a corporation" 
but that he has "let it go for 
awhile". He sees the need for 
an independent student 
corporation because of 
restrictions the UC Regents 
have imposed on the use of AS 
money . An additional 
independent source such as a 
corporation would provide 
funds for political causes and to 
more fully support the UC 
lobby program in Sacramento. 

Continued on page 8 

U(SD prof gets Royal post 
Dr. E. Margaret Burbidge. Professor of 

Astronomy. at UCSD. has been appointed 
director of the Royal Greenwich Observatory , 
Herstmonceux Castle. Hailsham, Sussex. 
England . 

Dr. Burbidge succeeds Sir Richard Woolley , 
who is retiring after serving as director since 
1955. 

Dr. Burbidge is the first woman to be named 
to the prestigious post in the 300-year history 
of the observatory. Originally founded to 
provide accurate measurement of time, 
necessary for navigation, the observatory was 
moved several years ago from its former site 
on the meridian of Greenwich, and a new 98-
inch Isaac Newton telescope was set up at the 
new site. As director . Dr. Burbidge's main 
concern will be to improve the situation in 
optical observational astronomy in Britain . 
which. because of the climate and sky quality . 
can be done with full effectiveness only from 
overseas sites. A new 159·inch telescope is at 
present being built cooperatively by Britain 
and Australia and will be set up in Siding 
Spring, Australia, and it is hoped that' a new 
major observatory with large telescopes will 
be set up at a good location in the Northern 
Hemisphere. 

UC Connections Retained 
Dr. Burbidge is the wife of Dr. Geoffrey R. 

Burbidge. Professor of Physics at UCSD. Both 
joined the UCSD faculty in 1962. DR 
Brubidge will take up her appointment in the 
summer of 1972 on a leave of absence. She 
plans to retain her connections with the 
University of California and will continue 
research work now under way with the 
astrophysics group at UCSD. Dr. Geoffrey 
Burbidge plans to divide his time between the 
United States and the United Kingdom . 

The Burbidges are world· renowned for their 
astrophysical research in many fields, 
including the chemical compositions or stars. 
nuclear astrophysics and extragalactic 
astronomy. 

Dr. Burbidge has written more than 200 
papers for scientific journals. most of them in 
collaboration with her husband . She is the 

author of or contributor to several textbooks in 
her field, and author of the article on Nebula 
for Encyclopaedia Britannica. Dr. Burbidge 
has delivered numerous papers and lectures at 
universities, congresses and symposia 
throughout the world. 

From 1948 to 1951, Dr. Burbidge served as 
assistant director and later acting director of 
the London Observatory. She was a research 
fellow at Yerkes Observatory in 1951·53 and a 
research fellow at California Institute of 
Technology from 1955·57. From 1957·58 she 
served as a Shirley Farr Research Fellow at 
the Yerkes Observatory, and was later a 
research associate and associate professor 
there. During her years at the University of 

, Chicago she was also a member of the Enrico 
Fermi Institute for Nuclear studies. She went 
to UCSD in 1962 as an associate physicist. 

The Burbidges reside in La Jolla , California . 
They have one daughter, Sarah, age 15, who is 
a student at La Jolla High School. 

In order to test for math 81ld ·Iogic skills a bi-lingual entrance 
exam is administered. The introductory course material is also 
bi-Iingual so it is not absolutely necessary to be English 
speaking. Although qualifications for entry into the training 
program seem rigid, CJTT has made it their policy to accept 
those who seriously claim they want to be programmers. The 
first few weeks prove to be the real entrance exam as students 
who find it too difficult drop-out. 

The student in the CJTT program learns through practically 
using learning material. Even on the first day after a brief 
introduction, the student writes a simple program. 

CJTT has been most successful in getting students back in 
San Diego area colleges and junior colleges to further their 
computer training. Job placement has been poor but the 
program has been "a vehicle for getting people excited and 
turned-on," describes Dr. Granger Morgan, program director . 

In addition to adult classes, CJTT has run special 
motiviational classes for credit at Lincoln and Morris Junior 
High summer sessions. 

Like most developing programs CJTT has had serious 
financial problems. They have resorted to substituting " labor 
for capitaL" Highly trained programmers and Ph .D,'s have 
been employed as carpenters and painters. Some of the 
material used for building up the van was found in old buildings· 
and construction sites ; one badly needed power pole was taken 
from Matthews Campus. Morgan claims that you can't develop 
a program using these techniques. Many of those involved 
believe that if the money hadn't come in "spurts" the success 
of the program would have doubled. Up to now the success of 
the program according to Dr. Morgan is due to its staffing and 
professionalism. Norman Down, an instructor, said that 
without the undergraduate help it couldn't have become what it 
is . The professionalism is said to have set this program apart 

ob program • from others of its kind . Dr. Morgan describes the average kid C t · as having little understanding of a programmers life style. He on In u e s feels that understanding life styles is an important ingredient 
despite financial woes 

Vicky Nyhan 
Computer Jobs Through Training is a joint project of the 

UCSD Department of Applied Physics and Information 
Science, the Computer Center, and the Office of University 
Extension. It provides training for disadvantaged individuals 
from the San Diego area in semi-technical and business 
computer programming. 

The most unique feature about this program is that the 
training is done in a forty foot trailer truck. The trailer truck 
was donated by Safeway Foodstores in 1969 and serves as a 
mobile classroom. A training facility was constructed in the 
van with help from the Rosenberg Foundation of San 
Francisco, Montgomery Ward and the University. The mobile 
instructional facility is the most economical means of reaching 
the many spread-out. low income communities in San Diego. 

Computer programming has been labeled as a "High entry 
level" job. With Computer Jobs Through Training a 
disadvantaged young adult can be trained for a more exciting 
career than found in the low entry level jobs. The founders of 
Computer Jobs Through Training (CJTT) recognized that 
educational inequalities exist and therefore devised a program 
which would give individuals an opportunity for college level 
training . 

The only " real" prerequisites for entry into this program are 
some basic math skills and an ability to organize ideas 
logically. Although specific qualifications for the potential 
trainee are to : be between 18 and 30, be a citizen or permanent 
resident, speak English, have a high school degree or 
'equivalent experience,' be unable to get a similar training 
course. 

triton tiDles 
t:d itor- in-Chit'f 
Gty t:ditor 
'Iana!tin,: Editor 
Copy E-ditor 
Business \Ianaf!:er 
Editorial Director 
Arts Editor 
Sports Editor 

Photo"raph~' Editor 
Assistan t Gt~· Editor 

He ... ~pa'tm.nt A,,, Department 
Tommy Coli,.,.., 
Chvck Ch_plin 
ChIKk Iro .. 
Rock DroOl 

Chris Alberl 
Roberto Aulrod 
Timothy Hin(~ 
Pottr HoIllI'll.worth 
Kothtyn Rudner 
EncP.,lmon 
Oannr SpoI1ent 
''''r Se!';n 

'Iolh' Seh'in 
hank Phillips 
<:am)' Sharick 

Chuck Graham 
Tern' Barak 

Da"id Buchbinder 
Carrie Ricke,' 

:\like Rath 
J<H' Eastern 
Larr~' Beckel 

Adnrtiti", Department 
J.ff Fried 
Su.onCodtl 
Dobbi. Montgomery 
eepr .... " 
Gitfto Schroettr 
Dobbi. Mont90mtry 
........phen Oo';d CioodInon WtndeD Ho,.;lton Kothy KIu ... 
MotkMo~ 
V><totio Nyhan 
Jim SiIII 
SIotiIo IoIIur1o 
00..,5_ 

Sperts Department 
Mon litlo (ou'., 
w.,E>tabr~ 
MorHcIv". 

Mic;hotlGrMn. 
Gory L";n 
T 0IIt ~'ilet 
It/,nda Morton 
MichoII Samo 
Hoftr,~ 

Artis" 
Eileen Litt<h 
Dobotalt l.ltO 

AlIke Meli....., 
The tiltON TIMIS it oHie"" .......... ed ood ~ en 0 ........ 
-..... bp .... C.,...,..,..;a,tioM ..... 4 01 .... Uni ... ..., 01 (o'''''nlO, 
s... Ditto. luildi". 2~. MoIthewt (OIttpIIt. la Jolla. Colifo<nio 92031. 
, ....... i, "'ie ...... , 011 , ... ,. GIld F".,.. 0Hict\ or. Iocoted 
''''_11, .. Il0l.011 ......... '_,.. for~phone. 
d3-XIOO. X 1011, "" tdiloriol or _, 11'-. 1016. 

in a program of this kind. 
CJTT is presently operating on $23,000 from the State Office 

of Vocational Education. A transition from University support 
to other local agencies is trying to be accomplished. 
Unfortunlltely. those involved in CJTT understand that the 
funds will not last forever . Dr. Morgan answers to this problem 
with , "We must face the reality of it. The money just doesn't 
exist and when it does its exceedingly difficult to get it applied 
to intelligence sources." 

BENIN OF AFRICA 
1105 Prospect St. 

La Jolla. Calif. 92037 
(714) 454·0805 

Importers • African FabriCS 
. Curios. Arts & Crafts 

Wholesale & Retail 

..s: ..... SIT. II U . It , ' .1. 

nin offers a variety of African ethni 
meso art. crafts & curios, beads 

ewelry, bubas, caftans. danshiki 
ingil a. batakiri, fuji, benjimar 
labeyah. etc. 

DIRECTIONS 

~~L 
HERSCHEL ~ 

El~1 

Robert Cooney and Roger Ruffin 

Judges iudge iustice 
Joni Garwood 

"Criminal law is the core of 
the legal system . 
Unfortunately. most judges are 
not experienced or competent 
in criminal justice." 

Such was the statement 
made by Roger Ruffin , 
Superior Court judge for San 
Diego County. Ruffin . who 
resigned two months ago, was 
guest speaker with Municipal 
Court judge Robert Cooney for 
a Contemporary Issues class 
last week. 

Ruffin 's comment stemmed 
from his own experience. 
"When I assumed the bench ten 
years ago, I knew nothing about 
cr iminal law and I wasn 't 
prepared to handle a criminal 
case. It took me about one year 
before I was able to evaluate in 
a judicial sense the humane. 
just. and decent aspect of the 
situation. 

.. However. one gauges the 
worth of our judicial system by 
the way it handles the criminal. 
The treatment of the accused 
and the punishment be receives 
if convicted must be conducted 
in an open·minded and rational 
manner. Therefore it is 
damaging for both the cou rt 
and the individual citizen when 
a judge is crippled by his own 
inexperience ... 

Both Cooney and Ruffm 
expressed concern over the 
backlog of casesl which flood 
the courts. In the Municipal 
Court. procedures for traffic 
violations are prolongec and 
time consuming. 

In 1968, possession of drugs 
changed from a mi demeanor 
to a felony . Since then, the 
Superior Court has been faced 
with an over·abundance of drug 

cases . Ruffin , who is 
"pessimistic about the court's 
ability to handle the load." 
remarked. "The hysteria and 
irrationality which pervades 
the subject IS entirely out of 
proportion in respect to other 
crimes. The citizen should be 
protected . but too much time is 
being lavished on the detection 
and enforcement of the drug 
law. The legislature should 
legalize it or find some other 
alternative which will relieve 
the courts." 

Cooney also believes that the 
tremendous amount of drug 
arrests injures the court and 
the person convicted . While he 
personally feels that "drugs 
are a cop-out. a felony on one 's 
record severely inhibits future 
security and happiness . 
However. despite the worth of 
the law, the judiciary system 
and law enforcement agencies 
must uphold the statute 
regardless of their opinion." 

Although both men find 
weaknesses in the system. they 
equally admire the Supreme 
Court of California. The Court 
was labeled "a progressive 
court consistmg of truly 
scholarly and intelligent men 
with regard to the law" by 
Ruffin . Cooney added that " the 
men apPOinted are all 
extremely dedicated .·' ThiS 
superiority and judicial 
impartiality also manifest 
itself in lower courts . 
accord mg to Cooney. .. The 
majority of judges in California 

-have abstained from political 
activity once they assumed the 
bench . This provides a 
continuity in justice." said 
Cooney. 

Sickle cell anemia 
center planned 

The Black Action Committee feels that an adequate sickle 
cell anemia center is needed In San Diego. In order to establish 
this center. they are soliciting funds from the community of 
San Diego in the amount of $500 . 

A Sickle Cell Anemia Business Office has recently been 
opened by BAC. Located at 2654 Imperial Ave. in San Diego, 
the office is involved with dlspensing information about the 
disease and with implementing programs to test and treat 
people. The office is generally open from 4 to 8 p.m. daily and 
can be reached by telephone at 233-8883. According to BAC 
President Bernard Ashcraft,the Sickle Cell Office "needs 
office supplies," and will welcome donations. 

Sickle Cell anemia is possibly the most prevalent genetic 
disease in the world today. In America it has been estimated to 
affect 50.000 Black peop e, while over two million others carry 
the sickle cell trait. BAC finds he present allocations from the 
Federal government ina,lequate to meet the needs of research 
and treatment of this distase. 

Present day treatment of sickle cell anemia is still entirely 
symptomatic. 1 Inm " " IT" lr n" -!,' . Jr." r"!' Oil jlreventive 
measures to decrease the occurrance of the disease and 
prolong the lives of its victims. Carrier of the trait hould be 
made aWClre of the risks of having children who might inherit · 
sickle cell anemia and sufferers told of what can be done today 
to help their condition. 

For further information. contact BAC. P.O. Box 14117, SD, 
92114. 

T~sdoy. November 30. 1971 Triton Times Page 3 



George McGo.vern 
for President 

by Kathy Welch 
UCSD Students for McGovern 

"But the fact is of all of my colleagues in the United States 
Senate. the person who has the most feeling and does things in 
the most genuine way. without that affecting his life, is George 
McGovern. He is so highly admired by all his colleagues, not 
just for his ability but because of the kind of man that he is 
That is truer of him than anvone else in the United States 
Senate." -

Senator Robert F. Kennedy, May 10.1968 

George McGovern is a man who has sponsored or 
consponsored every major piece of civil rights legislation since 
1963 ; has led in Senate efforts to improve the proposed Family 
Assistance' .Plan : and has spoken out with more authority 
against the war in Indochina than any other person in the U.S. 
Congress. 

In September of 1963, Senator McGovern m-SOuth Dakota) 
had this to say about Vietnam : "The failure in Vietnam will not 
remain confined to Vietnam. The trap we have fallen into 
there will baunt us in every corner of this revolutionary 
world ... " 

WlIo's 08 tbe IJaDdwagoD? 

When comparing his policy on this subject with those of other 
presidenlial candidates, it becomes quite clear just who has 
jumped on the bandwagon in recent years. Senators Muskie , 
Humphrey, Jackson, and Harris all supported President 
Johnson's war policy, which became the adopted majority 
plank at the 1968 Democratic Convention. 

Out of the above-mentioned presi.dential aspirants, George 
McGovern was the only one who voted for each of the three 
Hatfield Amendments which called for abolishment of the 
draft in favor of an all-volunteer army. The former university 
professor also voted for the Proxmire Amendment, which 
would have reduced expenditures for the SST from $280 million 
to $80 million 11966 l. Once again , Senators Muskie, Humphrey, 
and the rest of the lot went along with President Johnson's 
opposition to the Amendment. 

Ironically it is no wonder that the NEW YORK TIMES came 

out with aD UDOfflci.al endonemeat of lIcGovera wilen tbe 
newtpaper .. id, "His record speaks 10 powerfully in his 
behalf. He bas never been afraid to speak out or to stand 
aloDe." 

1brougbout his entire congressional career, Senator 
McGovern has been one of the outspoken proponents of 
COIIIIftVation. Among the bills wbich be bas offered are those 
concernilli the Great Plains Conservation Program, the Great 
Prairie Lakes Waterway, and a comprehensive proposal for a 
national policy on conservation. 

SpoaIOl' of Emroameatal BUll 
In the environmental area he is a principal sponsor of a 

pending bill which would give individuals tbe right to bring 
action in Federal court against polluters. In addition, he has 
co-sponsored all major environmental protection laws and is 
an advocate of a world environmental institute. 

The Ph.D. bolder (history) has also proposed a $31 million 
military cut which would be fed into civilian~riented projects 
such as child-<:are centers, health centers , education, etc. 
Futhermore, the presidential office-seeker has sponsored 
several bills for improving conditions in rural America in 
order to discourage the continued emigration toward already-
overcrowded regions. 

While working in President Kennedy's administration as the 
firs! director of the Food for Peace Program, McGovern 
developed basic legislation converting the program from a 

IUI'pIuJ diIpoIal plan to poIltive production to meet world food 
aeecb. Thillaw, for a broadened world food effort, pasaed the 
CoIIIIftS in 1966. 

Directly concerned with international education, the South 
Dakota junior senator was the chief sponsor of a bill to 
establish academic programs on foreign development. 

"PraetleaUy bstnImntal" 
Brieny, as a final summation concerning his mOlt profound 

legislative efforts to date, Senator McGovern has been 
practically instrumental in proposing bills in behalf of the 
American Indian, the 18-year~ld voter, and the longest 
oppressed group - women. 

While chairing the Senate Indian Affairs Committee, 
McGovern co-sponsored legislation for c1airfying Indians' tax 
status, loan guarantees. school construction, and pilot 
programs. He has been active on behalf of the Sioux tribes and 
strongly supported the return of the Blue Lake to the Taos 
pueblo . 

Regarding constitutional matters, the junior senator has co-
sponsored the major Constitutional amendments proposed in 
recent years : presidential succession . direct election of the 
president, and the 18-year~ld vote. He has fought for the equal 
rigbts amendment for women from his earliest yea,=s in the 
House. 

Finally, the inevitable question comes up - "Can be win?" 
The answer is YES. McGovern has gained in recent months of 
volunteer support and success in the polls, by leaps and bounds. 
In a poll published this past week in the SAN DIEGO UNION, 
McGovern held down the third spot behind President Nixon and 
Edmund Muskie. Incidentally, Muskie, who up until now has 
been labeled the Democratic Party frontrunner, has suffered 
crucial losses of strength in the national polls. A strong 
sentiment within the McGovern camp is that its candidate will 
soon be overtaking the position that Senator Muskie supposedly 
holds on the 1972 nomination. With McGovern snapping on the 
heels of Muskie. there is strong justification for such ideology. 

"Overwbelmiqly WiDDiog" 
A recent poll published in TIle New Democrat, whose editor 

is Stephen Schlesinger (son of historian Arthur Schlesinger, 
Jr .) showed McGovern overwhelmingly winning the poll by 
salvaging almost 30 per cent of the vote in the nine-man field . 

This brings us to one of the more frequent questions asked 
concerning Senator McGovern's candidaacy' "He is too youth-
oriented, and therefore. how can ge gather support among the 
'middle-of-the-road' voter?" To this one can only point out that 
McGovern was elected to public office from South Dakota - a 
farm state. How many liberal farmers do you know? 

As Senator McGovern, himself, once so eloquently offered, 
"The people are not centrist or liberal or conservative. Rather, 
they seek a way out of the wilderness. But if we who seek their 
trust, trust them, if we try to evoke the 'better angels ' of our 
nature, the people will find their own way. We are children of 
those who built a great and free nation. And we are no less than 
that. We must not decide whether our courage and imagination 
are equal to our talents. If they are, as I believe, then future 
generations will continue to love America , not simply because 
it is theirs. but for what it has become - for what, indeed, we 
ba ve made it. " 

G d th A I bulb is on, when in fact it isn 't. causes reading O e noma Ydifficulties . True. and this is an objective question. His implication was that if happiness results from believing in Jesus. then Jesus The Word is Abroad in the Land Again by Jim Sill b y Jude F awrley caused it . This is not so, for two reasons. First. 
"The fact that it is possible to push a pea up a 

mountain with your nose does fIot mean that this 
is the sensible way of getting it it there. " 

Chrlstopher Stracl)ey 
• 

God is an anomaly in his own universe. Even if 

the statement is subjective. i.e., its truth cannot 
be tested. If I believe I am happy. it is not subject 
to question. for there is no way to test the truth of 
it. It is the act of believing myself happy that 
makes it so'. Thus for a subjective question such 
as thi~ . believing makes it true ; but for objective 
quesllons. no amount of believing will produce 
light. or make a heart attack go away. 

he created It. he joined the unelJlployed about 4.6 Indeed. many Christians state that they have 
x 109 years ago. Physical laws simply form too found deep happiness . But so have other people : 
coherent a system. Where astra-phy ics leaves Jesus has no monopoly. I suggest that the 
ofr. chemical evolution begins : where that leaves 
off. biological evolution begins. There are 
certainly gaps in the body of sCience which 
derives man and his Intelligence from inorganic 
cosmic molecules. but this rl!f1ects the 
incompleteness of man 's observations. not the 
violability of the underlying laws. We tru t the e 
laws deeply - we know the sun will rise 
tomorrow - our trust reflects the fact that 
physical laws are inVIOlate and eternal. and that 
no existing entity can change them. ThiS trust IS a 
sort of faith . 

One must make a choice - one must either 
ha '/e faith In laws which are Inviolate. or In laws 

common denominator amongst mankind 's happy 
people is a confident belief and a deep 
commitment to something they consider good 
and fight. Profound satisfaction is caused not by 
the object of pursuit . but rather the altitude of 
the pursuer. for every deeply happy Christian 
yvu show me. I'll show you a deeply happy 
physicist. biologist. individualist, poet. author. 
physiCian. etc. For that matter consider the other 
religIOns o( the world . There are as many saviors 
as religions. but the common hnk is the 'intensity 
of devotion. Robert Heinlein suggests ' Tve 
never understood how God could expect his 
creatures to pick the one true religion by faith -
It strikes :ne as a sloppy way to run a universe." 

WlllCh are occaslOnallv Violated for the sake of a The Christians' brand of philosophical 
tht olbglcal miracle: but Ilvt both. It IS inconslst ncy breeds dangerous results. one of 

which has cost the world its peace. It is the same 
phil ophlcally inconsistent to believe In Incon Istenc)' which has !lIven us Lt. Calley. 
complete inviolablllt\·. and In occaSional millIOns of dead Chmese. Hlller 's Germans. and 
vl,)labl!llv at the samE' lime But the pit\" 01 Manson 's cultists. The error is in believing that 
CtrislIanily IS that most Chrl tians are Willing to one IS not responSible lor one 's own life and 

actIOns. that som higher authority is 
sa'riflre loglc.:l conslstenc\, In order to trdu" Tur responsible \\'hether the authority be God. 
a s~per-mark~t combination 01 . sCience and Manson. Hitler. Mao. or th Amencan 
r: I on ThiS IS Intellectual laZiness. To .ask government. history couldn 't speak mor plainly. 
\\1 I explanation of the ,", orld works best. It IS ConSider the act 01 suffering for some higher 
su fi rlent to a k to whom you 'd entrust your lite. being A man willing to suffer lor a higher 
fe r hp3r attaCK vour doctor or vour minister' a uthori t~· IS a good kamikaze pilot. he ha the 
Is It miracles or laws ~'ou trust whim ~'ou fly In an amoralltv for developing Into a Lt Calley - he 
airplane' I submit that for objectIve truth . no 
amount of rell!!lous fa ith Will gUide unskilled 
hand. l!I h art surgery 

luels purposeless wars. The da~' the cannon 
fodder ays no. is th day wars will cea e . This 
won 't happen unti l the source 01 moral law is the 
individual conscience. 

" Repression "-th.e word is 
abroad in the land again. 
Several minority and Third 
College students have charged 
the University and the San 
Diego police with various 
maneuvers designed to breed 
fear . Specifically, those 
students are concerned about 
undercover agents , 
harrassment. and 
intimidatIOn. 

Two prox imate causus belli 
seem to have triggered this 
ou tburst of entiments . The 
first concerned the ripping of a 
sign at Third College ; the 
seco nd the arrest a nd 
temporary detainment of three 
students by the Sa n Diego 
police. These incidents. at 
least. are cited by Ken Carr, 
the apparent leader of the 
protests. Let's examine these 
incidents and a Iitlle recent 
history of intimidation at 
UCSD. 

SignoR ipping 
The first incident involved 

the ripping of a sign. which 
action was allegedly carried 
out by a middle-aged La Jolla 
lady. Just what happened IS not 
completely clear. with sign-
paint r Carr claiming the lady 
deliberatelv LOre It. and she 
saying it was aCCidental. The 
aftermath saw mutual threats 
of civil SUitS . but the University 
police declined to pros cute 
either party. 1 saw the same 
si!!:n later that day. tap d up. 
still hangmg on a Third College 
Building. 

The Clip and the Bust 
Some quesllon~ are obJective. others t\o religion may ever cla im objective truth. and The second mCldent centered 

subJeclll't' For xample. ~1r Gossett s r cent no ethiC should ever replae that or individual. around the o(f·campu arrest 
article suggest. that for one to believe a Iil!ht respon Ible men of Carr and two of hiS frl nd . 

Page" Triton Tllnes Tuesday, November 30, 1971 

Carr was stopped by a San 
Diego police officer who 
thought Carr was speeding. The 
policeman saw· a pistol on the 
seat next to Carr and decided 
further investigation was 
indicated . The pistol proved to 
be Carr 's dulY' registered 
possession. The rub, however, ' 
came in when the police 
discovered that Carr had a clip 
of ammunition in his coat 
pocket. State law requires that 
a gun and its ammunition not 
be carried together in a car, 
unless one of the two is in the 
trunk . the other in the 
passenger area. Carr and his 
two associates were taken 
downtown and held for almost 
48 yours. at the end of which 
period the police (having fou nd 
the gentlemen unwanted for 
any outstanding high crimes 
or misdemeanors I relea ed 
them . 

Certai nl y this was an 
inordinate length of time to 
hold them without a formal 
charge. On the other hand , the 
thre were not bereft of 
assistance . as several 
attorneys and nothing less than 
a former Supenor Court judge 
sought their release. Certainly 
I would be glad to have their 
assistance the next time I fight 
a traffic ticket! But. more to 
the point. Carr got a rather 
good break m nol bemg 
charged in the matter of the 
ammunitIOn and pistol bemg m 
the pas enger area. 

Danger.Packed 

ReVieWing . then. we find the 
crimes perpetrated by the cops 
against the hon 1 01 CSD 
students limited to th p r nal 

adversities of one Ken Carr. 
Somehow. one is less than 
impressed by his danger-
packed confrontation with a 
middle-aged lady from 
suburbia. Carr is not above a 
Iitlle coercion himself at times, 
as those who witnessed his 
shouting performance at the 
Communication Board meetmg 
last month will allest. Comm. 
Board vice-chairman Mike 
Weiss was quoted In the 
TRITON TIMES as saying he 
was " intimidated " by Carr. 

Repression 

In any case. this whole 
business of " repression " 
summons Up memories for this 
writer. I recall standing 'on 
Revelle Plaza in late spring a 
couple of yea rs ago listening to 

, 

a dynamic young Black student 
leader declaim the evil of " the 
fascist power structu re" and 
the imminence 01 
'· repression." Specifically. the 
spea ker con linued , the 
Administration was taking 
precautions to prevent build ing 
takeovers. 

The exact dale was May I . 
1969. The speaker was Angela 
Davis. Six days later, her 
followers broke into and 
occupied the Registrar's Office 
and demanded that the lacull~' 
senate approve the proposed 
new Third College pial! . The 
demand was, needless to say. 
agreed to. and the building-
occupiers given complete 
amnesty. 

" RepresslOn"- the word IS 
abroad 10 the land agam . 

Intramural Statistics Here at' Last 
FINAL INTRAMURAL FLAG FOOI1IALL STANDINGS 

MUIR OPEN 
WLT w L T 

DeANZA 8 0 STUMBLERS 6 0 
MUDHENS 6 I PSYCHOLOGY 6 I 
PLAGUE 4 2 I MEN 5 2 
BALLERS 3 2 SCRIPPS • 3 3 
CROWS 3 3 DIRT 2 4 
PIMPS 3 4 t GRAND CANONICAL I 5 
VASTVVO 022 RUBBER DUCKIES 151 
MUCUS 0 5 CHEM WIPES 1 5 1 
UNKNOWNS 06 

REVELLE X 

BRAN X 
SNOlDS 
DUNGEEPS 
BUTFAKES 
LARKS 
HOWDY INC. 
NAPHTALI 
COLEMAN 
SAX 
JENKINS 
REANAN 
SAICHEK 
WAITE 

WLT 
SOt ORes 
31 I ARGO V 
4 I ARGOII 
42 MAYBE NOT 
23 ELCID 
16 YUBA CITY 
06 MADDOGS 

REVELLE 
WLT 

S 1 
5 1 
5 1 
231 
141 
I S 
042 

DeANZA (M I 6 SCORING 
SNOlDS IRX ) 6 COLEMAN DeANZA IMI 90 
DeANZA (M I 6 WAITE PSYCHOLOGY IO)60 
ARGO II I R) 6 JENK INS DeANZA. (M) 51 
MAYBENOTIR16 YANEPPS MUDHENS IM) 43 
PSYCHOLOGV IOlBRVAN ARGO]] IR) 43 

High Tide Low Tide 
Sunrise 6:42 Sunset 4:59 

AM Ht. PM Ht. AM Ht. PM 
Dec. 1, Wed. 7:36 7.6 9:18 4.3 1: 18 1.7 2:54 

Sunrise 6:45 Sunset4:58 
Dec. 2, Thurs. 8:24 7.6 10 :12 4.3 2:00 1.9 3:36 
Dec. 3, Fri. 9:1Mi 7.5 11 :00 4.1 2:48 2.0 4:24 
Dec. 4, Sat. 9:48 7.1 11 :54 4.0 3:30 2.3 5:12 Dec. 5, Sun. 10:30 6.5 4: 18 2.5 6:00 Dec. 6, Mon. 11:18 5.8 5: 12 2.7 6:48 
Dec. 7, Tues. 1 :48 4.1 5:36 3.4 11 :54 1.4 11 :54 

Solonas; Cinema of Dissent 
The Hour of .the Furnaces 

Ht. 
1.8 

1.9 
1.7 
1.3 
0.9 
0.4 
1.8 

" It i. by fa r the most adva nced political film yet made. It' . 
gra.p of political reali ty , , • (has) ra i.ed political art to a 
new level."-Guardian. " Th. movie is the equivalent of a 
Revolutionary manife.to" . .. Pauline Kael 

. Tueadsy Part 1 6:00 pm 
Part 2 7:45 pm 201 Me 

Wednesday Part 2 and 3 7:30 pm 
1105 BS 
- 50 -

YOUNG 
PooLMA N 
McCURDY 
TONG 
FRIEL 
RUBEN 

T.D. RUNS 0 NCAN ARGO V I R) 42 
DE ANZA 1M) 4 McCURDV STUMBLERS (0) 39 
STUMBLERSI0)3 YOUNG DE ANZA 1M) ~ 
STUMBLERSIO)3 STERNBERG ORCS (R) 36 
BRAN X I RX ) 3 RUBEN PLAGUE 1M J 33 
DUNGEEPS IRX ) 3 PooLMAN STUMBLERl: 10)31 
PLAGUE 1M) 3 SAX SNOlDS IRX ) 3t 

COED 
WOMEN SCORING MEN 
CAVINNERO BARES IG) 60 VA TRITE REAMERS I N I 30 
AERAMS NADS IG J 34 SCHLIEMER REAMEHSIN) 26 

T.O. PASSES 
t:L'. IOT REAMERS I N I 7 ROUDEBUSH BARES IG I 
McCLURE WASTED IN) 5 KELSICK REAMERS IN) 6 

T.D. RECEPTIONS 
CAVINNERO BARES IG) 10 YOUNG BARES IG ) 
ABRAMS NADS IG) 5 Many with 

INTERCEPTIONS 
ELLIOT REAMERS IN) 7 TEBO NADS IG) 6 
VACCARIELLO GOOSERS (G) 4 RISHWAIN GOOSERS IG)5 

NUCKOS GRUMPIES 
WLT WLT 

CIRC. SYSTEM 
WASTED 
REAMERS 
ARGO II 

60 BARES 50 J 
61 NADS 5 I 
4 2 GOOSERS 5 2 
3 2 I ORCHETTS 3 2 2 

CLEAN DOUCHE 
COAST CRUISERS 
COMMUTERS 
SCRIPPS 

3 4 MRS. MOSS 3 4 
2 4 I RIPPERS 2 4 I 
I 5 PASSION FLOWER I S 
07 TEEN ANGELS 0 6 

FINAL STATISTICAL LEADERS 
T.D. PASSES T.D. RECEPTIONS 
ROUDEBU~H DeANZA I M I 21 COLEMAN DeANZA I M I II 
COLLINS PSYCHOLOGY (0) 14 WAITEPSVCHOLOGY (0)10 , 
EBERTS ORes IR) 10VANEPPS MUDHENS IMI7 
WOOD MUDHENS IMI9 STERNBERG ORes tR I 6 
STRAND SNOIDS IRX ) 9 BRYAN ARliUll (R) 6 
SMITH PLAGUE (M) 7 JENKINS DeANZA (M) 5 
TEBO ARGOV (R) 6 DUNCAN ARGOV IR) 5 
KARL DUNGEEPS IRX) PADGETT MEN (0) 4 
INTERCEPTIONS SAX SNOlDS (RX ) 4 

FlNAL COED VOLLEYBALL ST ANDlNGS 
TUFFOONS KAHOOTERS 

SCURUS 6 0 GORRELLAS 5 0 
GREASE 5 I RUTA BAGELS 3 2 
STOOPS 4 2 TOGETHER 3 2 
ORes Vlll 3 3·STUMPS 2 3 
RATS 2 4 KHARMA 1 4 
MASCULINATORS I S HEAVEN I 4 
A V'BALL TEAM 0 6 
SCURUS beat GORRELLAS for championship. 

GRADUATE WORK 
at Stanford University 

Interviews December 1 from 
2 ta 5 p.m. Call Career Plan-
ning Services, ext. 2401 . 

Minority sfudents are 
particularly encouraged to 
inquire . 

WANTED 
GilL POP SIIiGEI 

"" 21 STEADY EMPLOYMEIIT 
""Wo,, 

CONT ACT DANNY 
SALMAS 

2855 Midway Drive 
Son Diego 223·8125 

Basketball, Fencing 
and Finals Fobia 

The ca lendar this week is 
pretty sparse, due to the fact 
that it is near the end of the 
quarter ; most of the fall sports 
have ended their seasons ; the 
winter sports have yet to 
begin ; and the memesis of all 
students , finals . wi ll 
commence in one week. 

The varsity basketball team 
plays its first game against the 
highly unrated opponent , 
Pacific Christian, in what 
hopefully will be a suitable 
warm-up for the La Jolla 
Classic. The game will be 
played today, Tuesday, starling 
at 8 p.m. in the gym. Friday 
marks the opening of the La 
Jolla Classic, with the first 
game to be played at 6 p.m., 
with the home squad matched 

against Hayward State. This 
titanic match will be followed 
by a game pitting cross-town 
rival USIU against powerful 
San Francisco State, hopefully 
starting at8 p.m. 

Anyone interested in running 
for the intercollegiate track 
team next spring? A meeting 
has been tentatively scheduled 
for 5 p. m. Friday in the 
gymnasium classroom. For 
further information call the 
woman with all the answers, 
Maureen. at X227S. 

The fencing team has 
aranged a match for Saturday 
at 10 a.m. Scheduled to appear 
are those amazing Aztecs. 
from San Diego State. and the 
University of Ar izona. The 
match will be set in the gym. 

Exciting basketball action , much like in tbe picture, bigblites 
this weeks sports ellents when the team ha its first game 
against a pseudo-powerful opponent , Pacific Chri tian Tue day 
at 8:00 in the gym. 

Beechwood Ageing 
could be an 
"advertising gimmick." 

HYPNOSIS Meditation Therapy 

~ Low Low (os, Control Habits, etc. D. R:kow 281·4586 Self-Hypnosis Te<hnidan 
"Someone Who Cares" 

But it isn'te 
(For instance, 7 
last year we bought 
almost 2~ million 
pounds of Beechwood 
strips. , . enough to 
fill 67 freight cars.) 

WHEN 'IOU SJ,Y 

Budweiser. 
'O.J'VE SAl) IT ALL! 

i 
I 

'_I 

ALL YOU CAN EAT! 
$UNDAY , MOIDAY 

CHICIEN FlY 

ALL YOU CAli EAT! 

SI~39 

WEDNESDAY 
FISH FlY 
SI.49 

ASSORTED GOURMET SANDWICHES 
ROAST BEEF 

conED BEEF 

'IYOUI 
105.1 
HOTDOG 

W jEVEIYTHll G 
, FilES 

PASTIAMI 

SUBMARINE 
HOUIS 11 AM - 9 PM DAilY l AU FOOD CAl . OIDOID TO TAKE OUT 276-U02 (lOU fill) 

• 1tIlllllltIHlIIIIIIIIIIIIIIUlIIIllIllIlIlItIIlIIIIIIIIIIIHlIlnmnmll ........ IIIIIIIIIIIIIUmllllllllllnllllllllllllllllltlItIIIltIllIIWUllllltIIlu1 
Tue~doy, No vember 30, 1971 Triton Times Poge 5 



TOIIIliIIcHIerg 

~ Diego's own Old Globe ter is working furiously to blish a seat with the 
vaocuard of comtemporary 
theater, and the present 
stagiJIg of Robert Shaw's "The 
Man in the Glass Booth" is 
hardly an elception to the 
cause. The controversy of war 
crimes and justice seems to 
have run its course, or at least 
until the United States began 
puoisbing its own soldiers; and 
now Shaw reminds us that this 
is one argument that was never 
solved. 

Leonard Nimoy, the stellar 
Mr. Spock of "Star Trek," is 
now another pointed character, 
Albert Goldman, a 
tremendously successfu I 
Manhattan real estate tycoon. 
He is a strong-willed Jew 
exercising his right to illusions 
of grandeur, and he surrounds 
himself with elaborate bad 
taste in both interior 
decorations and emotions. He 

. cherishes the urn of ashes of 
his dead wife, sings, chuckles, 

people. He does not willi tD 
deny his arrocaace, but only 
accept his destiny under Hitler, 
and proclaims, "People of 
Israel, if he had chosen you, 
you too would have followed." 
This tactful ploy is only 
overlooked as a surprise 
witness reveals that the 
defendant is an impostor, not 
Dorff but actually Goldman, 
the Jew. Changing pace, he 
again protests that the Jews 
were no more noble in 
destroying Hitler and the 
defeated Nazis , and again he 
laments : "It is the living who 
are in neglect, what can we do 
about the living?" But the 
insulted court is only confused, 
and Goldman slumps ,dejected 
against the glass booth, a 
frustrated shadow of Christ. 

and screams, cultivates an 
apostle i., his young aid and is 
most of all remorseful, because 
he cannot divine both Christ 
and Hitler. 

His generosity is a burden 
and his tyranny merely 
disgusts his auociates. He 
laments the changing world 
("The Pope has forgiven the 
Jews. Jesus l ") and his own 
transformation ("Once, I was 
passionate! "), but he still holds 
tightly to his most daring 
achievement. Once, he says, he 
was Colonel Dorff of the Nazi 

Nimoy in "Glass Booth" 

Shaw's irony is heavy, 
almost overladen , but 
Goldman, the only character of 
any concern , is taught, 
questioning, and implausibly 
entertaining. He is a tragic 
figure of complex frustration, 
and Leonard Nimoy plays his 
demoniac madness with flavor , 
keeping the show within 
reason. Ben Shaktman directs 
with a good sense of the irony, 
and although the production 
does drag somewhat through 
the first act, the questions do 
get raised. Justice, Shaw says, 
is an improbable goal, and 
violence is an unlikely 
alternative. These intangibles 
seem to be only more prevalent 
today, and the good-evil 
embodiment of Goldman is a 
popular guise. "The Man in the 
G la ss Booth, " despi te its 
lapses, succeeds in asking why. 

Mobile Killing Unit, and once 
he enjoyed efficiently 
exterminating Jews. After 20 
years the Israeli government 
has tracked this enemy to his 
Manhattan stronghold and 
forces him back to stand trial 
for the unpardonable crimes 
that he so enjoyed. 

Once in Israel Goldman 
insists on defending himself, 
and dressed in his ss uniform, 
on display in the protective 
glass booth, he harangues the 
courtroom, glorifying Nazi 
Germany . He loved his 
Fuehrer and the precision with 
which he eliminated an inferior 

Possibilities 
"Contact Presen ts" 

Jean-Charles Francois, leading French exponent of 
percussion, will be the featured performer in the third 
"Contact" concert to be held at UCSD at 8:30 p.m. Thursday, . 
Dec. 2. 

"Contact," a series of musical programs and demonstrations 
at UCSD featuring guest artists and sponsored by the 
Department of Music and the Campus Programming Board, is 
free and open to the public. The Thursday concert will be held 
in the Recital Hall , 409 Matthews Campus. 

Francois will present "Janissary Music" by American 
composer Charles Wuorinen, and German composer Karlheinz 
Stockhausen's "Zyklus." He will be assisted on the piano by 
Keith Humble, new faculty member in the Department of 
Music, in a performance of Stockhausen's " Kontakte" for 
piano, percussion and tape. 

Francois has toured most of the European countries and was 
particularly associated with the Domaine Musicale. Paris, and 
Centre de Musique, Paris, of which he was co-director from 
1965 to 1968. He made a brief visit to the east coast in 1970. 
This is his first visit to the west coast. 

He is the composer of "AAAARRRR'" a piece written for 
orchestra, choir. and four tape recorders. He has also 
composed pieces for music theater. 

Humble is a gifted pianist, composer. conductor and teacher 
from Australia who is at home both with traditional and new 
music. He founded the Centre de Musique. a workshop for 
experimental music and theater in Paris, in 1959 and was its 
musical director until 1968. He has toured extensively as piano 
soloist in Europe and America and has written many varied 
musical compositions. At present he is composing an 
electronic opera which has been commissioned by the 
Australian Opera Company to be included in its first season 
( 1973 ) at the Sydney Opera House. 

"Surf's Up" 
Saturday, Dec. 4, 1971 the Beach Boys are coming! Also 

appearing will be Seatrain and Elvin Bishop. Show time is 8 
p.m. and this concert features open seating at the San Diego 
Sports Arena . 

-Garnes-
~ope 

As long as we live by rules 
we are not living, 

rather we are playing a game: 
serious, but nevertheless a game, 

only when we leave the control of Ihe rules 
will we learn to live 

for human relationships can have no rules . 

Pave 6 Triton Times Tuesday, November 30, 1971 

In 1961, five young men from Hawthorne, Calif. got together, 
wrote a song about their favorite sport, "Surf in . " and rocked 
the country with their new sound , a cross section of Chuck 
Berry and The Four Freshmen. The group called themselves 
the Beach Boys. and little did anyone know the group would 
astound the world with albums, tours and awards, starting with 
their first album in 1962, "Surfin ' Safari," "Pet Sounds," and 
many others ; be voted No. I and No. 2 group in the, world in 
1966 and 1969, respectively ; and be the first American rock 
group to perform behind the Iron Curtain. The Beach Boys 
consist of Carl Wilson (lead guitar) , Dennis Wilson (drums ), 
Brian Wilson (Moog ), Alan Jardine (rhythm guitar ), Mike 
Love (vocals) and Bruce Johnston (bass & keyboards ). 
They've had ups and downs, changes in record companies, 
problems with the draft board : but through it all they have a 
new album, "Surf's Up, " and the distinction' of being the 
biggest selling American group in record history. They are 
accepted by true music fans . They've been rediscovered. They 
are harmonic in their sounds and maybe the inspiration for 
CSN&Y. 

Seatrain has come quite a way since its inception three years 
ago. The group is now headed bv Andy Kulberg (bass & flute ) 
with Peter Rowan (guitar & vocals ), Lloyd Baskin (keyboard & 
vocals\, Larry Atamanuik (drums ) and Dick Greene (violin ). 
They are the type of musicians who appeal to all age groups 
and all types of fans because of their simple, tightly woven 
sounds of country-western . blues and rock. They have a new 
album out under their group name. "Seatrain." 

Elvin Bishop evokes togetherness. It is a group of highly 
talented musicians who play blues. rhythm & blues. and rock . 
They are Elvin Bishop Iguitar\. Joe Baker Ivocals ). Stephen 
Miller (organ & vocals l. Kip Maercklein (bass \. John 
Chambers (drums ). and Perry Welsh (vocalsl. Their music 
speaks and the audience answers with clapping hands. 
stomping feet and singing voices. Elvin Bishop makes people 
feel music. 

Tickets are $4 .75 in advance and $5.00 at the door and are 
available at Bill Gambles, Central Ticket Agencies and the 
Sports Arena Box Office (224-41761 . Military discounts also 
available. 

PlIoto: Spore 

Drama Club kes its Debut 
Leonard Mantel/ano 

GEORGE : " Where's my little 
yum yum? Where's Martha?" 
ROXANE : "After It years, for 
the first time you are late! " 
LADY ANNE : "Set down, set 
down your honourable load, if 
honour may be .shrouded in a 
hearse." 
NICK: "She's making coffee .. 
. in the kitchen. She . . . gets 
sick' quite easily." 
CYRANO : " A somewhat 
inopportune call." 
GEORGE : "Your sympathy 
disarms me .. . your . . . your 
compassion makes me weep! 
Large, salty, unscientific 
tears!" 
DUKE : "Stay, you that bear 
the corpse, and set it down. " 
NICK : " I just don 't see why 
you feel you have to subject 
other people to it. " 
LADY ANNE : "What black 
magician conjures up this 
[jend . to stop Devoted 
charitable deeds?" 
ROXANE : " Poor friend ." 
GEORGE : "Drink?" 
NICK : "Sure." 
CYRANO: " It is merely the 
wound I received at Arras . . . 
sometimes . . . you know . . . 
even now . . . 
DUKE : " Villains, set down the 
corpse; or . by Saint Paul. I'll 
make a corpse of him that 
disobeys! " 
CYRANO : " But it is nothing . . 

, . it will pass ... it has passed. 
Quite enveloped in their work 

like the colloquial " busy little 
bees." UCSD Drama Club 
members practice their lines 
diligently : they rehearse stage 
movements. set up props and 
program the lights. 

Th e Drama Club 
organization will begin 
operation again at the old 
"alma mater" early this year 
with the presentation of three 
fifteen-minute scenes in 
Francis B. Sumner Auditorium 
at Scripps Institution of 
Oceanography. 

Booked for performances at 
the auditorium are scenes from 
" Who's Afraid of Virginia 
Woolf?" by Edward Albee. 
"Cyrano De Bergerac" by 
Edmond Rostand and William 
Shakespeare 's "King Richard 
The Third." 

"Who's Afraid of Virginia 
Woolf?" a drama about two 
middle·aged. over the bed-' 
spreads-type couples. is 
probably the most spicy of the 
three plays to be presented. A 
fantastic play in its own right, 
it has all the ingredients of 
. 'Love Story'" "War and 
Peace ." and ·· Patton. " 
whipped into one (it should turn 
out to be quite a treat) . Club 
members Paul Yosim 
.( ~rtraying the character 
NIck 1 and Steve Nogarr (as 
George I plan to present a ICene 
where the dialogue concerns 
the question of life and 

individuality. Steve Nogarr, 
prominent figure in 
dramatic field with sever~ 
leading roles to his credit, k 
also responsible for ill 
direction. 

a nother . The two 
bethan actors , in 

are quarreling 
old axiom : King 

wants to make love, 
Ann is only concerned 

Ul llm,I"trlg war. The scene is On the other hand, 
Drama Club will also 
scene from " Cyrano 
Bergerac," a play that is 
classical. Gordon Lusk. II 
Cyrano, and Karen Rash, II 
Roxane , will present 

difficult because (as 
of Shakespeare), it is 
with universal pathos, 

motifs, dialectic 
and one tremendous 

figurative , but sy a relatively young 
"death-bed" scene corlstdlered iza tion , the club 
by most critics as til! boasts a membership 
" climax" of the entire play._o""An.n' . Although faculty 
Often I a be led a s the and staff are 
" recognition scene, " Cyrano to help work with 
after 15 years visits Roxant. lights , props , 
who has now stage-set-ups and 
herself to the convent me acti ng and 
Sisters of the Cross, in few have taken 
Cyrano visits Ro of the opportunity. 
diurnally, tells her news commented : 
the gay court, and be great to get 
confesses his great leachers ' aides, 
her. All in all it seems to gardeners, lab 
best, a good effort - electricians, and 
dramatic. It will be campus police men in 
to see how the actors close one thing we could be 
scene. we wouldn 't have any 

Not to be over· looked , type-casting ." 
third play, " King Richard rally , the UCSD 
Third " is "old hat" to is directed by a stude~ts.. As the scene (Act of five which 
scene II ) opens, Hud Freeze. open weekly business 
forceful actor and J ' on Monday nights in 
Estrada, a stereotype of B -1 7 ( M a tth e w s 
Anne. are found arguing ' ). Next quarter 

(winter) the club mem bers will 
have a chance to officially elect 
a formal president, vice-
president, secretary, treasurer 
and pUblicity coordinator. 

Officially recognized as a 
student organization this year, 
with a ratified club constitution 
and faculty advisor, Tom 
McCorry, the Drama Club is 
here to provide an important 
service. Its purpose is two-

fold : 1) to support and 
perpetuate, naturally, the high 
ideals, goals and quality of 

good dramatics ; and 2 ) (more 
important still ) to serve as a 
receptacle for new technical 
innovations and free 
expression. The Drama Club is 
here to provide the UCSD 
community their chance to 
express the way they feel, 
think, act and believe. 

What is more, the members 
of the club are concerned with 
the academic institutions of 
today that emphasize too 
heavily the importance of 
science and technology. In 
addition , they believe that art 
is also an essential part in the 
development of the whole 
person. 

Maltlq tllelr fin' de ... ' .... ' ..... ,t.-.. 
.. lite UCSD Dr ... 
lltey rellea!'H fll' dlelr 

perf_~ ., _, December Z. 1\e 
."'tertlm Is Ieca~ .t Sc:rt"s 1 .. " .. 1t .f ~y, 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F. Street 

PAYS DONORS 
lor service 

rUM.· Sat. 
9:45- 5:30 

Women Welcome 

Closed Sun. & Mon. 
233-8328 

The Only SatisFaction In liFe 
OIIt of Thvself, 
Crtltc in Art 

Church of Art 
. P.O. BOX 113 
Sin DiclO, 91112 

DELFOSSE 
EUROPEAN & 
SPORTS CAR ' 

SERVICE 

CORNER OF CASS & 
TURQUOISE 
PACIFIC BEACH/ SAN DIEGO 
PHONE 488·7878 
CURT DELFOSSE/ OWNER 

'FIL 
US82722 

FRIDAY: FINALS FILM FESTIVAL 
THE MARX aos: SOc 
DUCK MONKEY 
SOUP BUSINESS 
Plus Keaton, Chaplin, Our Gang shorts 
7:30 and 10:45 admission 50' 

Saturday: 

THE FOX 
DIABOLIQUE 

7:00 and 1 0:30 $1.00/UCSD Students 

PSYCHOLOGY 
EXPERIMENT 

SUBJECTS NEEDED 
PaY$ $l ,88/ hr, plus a possible bonu$. 
Number of hours or participation, fram 5 to 20. Male 
$ubjects only, unless a Female has some familiarity with 
diHerent makes of automobiles. 

Sign up at Room 4327, 
Psych.-Ling. Bldg. (2C), Muir 

SURFING 
BACK PACKING 
SKIING 
TENNIS 
PANTS & SHIRTS 

North County 's 
Specialty Sports Center 

SURF REPORT NO. lsunl 

HANSEN 
SURFBOARDS 

1 lOS HWY 10 " ENCINITAS 
Open ,~ Weekdays 
'·S Sat" '·3 Sun. 

Phone 753-6595 

oLLBl\~ENT 
C a far the p'rice of I S ~ 

Aztec 
Highlights 

with Don Coryell 
Tonight-7:00 p.m. 

Aztecs vs, 
Iowa State Uni.versity 

KCST·39 TV 
Full replay 

of the game 

.191 -lID 

~ASLIGHT SIJPPER CLEM 
A'Ii,iifsiOH- g PR[SENTS ~ 

DR. MICHAEL ~ 
DEANph.D.~ 
'WORLD'S FOREMOST HYPNOTIST lID 

ON lID 
lbut$d!{ lID 

SHOW TIME 8: 45 
--FREE---
POSr-SHOW SESSION 
STOP SMO~ING · iltEMO'h' · 
W[IItHT R£OUCTION leT. 

.' 



, 

continued from page 2 

This corporation would be 
funded from the profits of a 
series of economic ventures, 
such as a record store, 
laundromat, food store, etc., 
all oriented towards the 
student community and 
operating on discount prices. 

corporation must be " set up 
right the first time." There 
must be sufficient student 
controls and safeguards to 
prevent elitism from 
developing . A board of 
directors will be established to 
govern the corporation. The 
Board will have a Chairman 
who could possibly be the AS 
President. 

The first economic service to 
be established , Kaufman 
hoPes, will be a discount record 
store. It will most likely be 
operated off campus, possibly 
behind the Holiday Inn in the 
area known as the L. J . Village. 
Kaufman feels there is 
" immediate demand" for such 
a store' it would perform a 

In addition, Kaufman hopes 
to get contributions from 
various businesses in the city. 
However, he fears this is a 
"hard year for contributions," 
because of all the political 
campaigns. 

Kaufman feels the 

I 

~CIFIC.~­

....,'JHO {{l 
Independen t VW Service 
Specializes in Speed Equi pment 
Parts Accessories 
Lowest Prices in Town 

3356 Kurtz St., S. D. 291-3586 
(behind the Sports Arena) 

,.he man .n .he l lass 
Who is the man on trial for ..... h 
crimes aga inst huma nity? Specia l guest star , 
Leonard Nimoy , plays a slightl y pa ra noid 
New York tycoon who survived Nazi 
persec utio n. O r is he a n S.S. torturer, murd ere r 
and long-soug ht war c riminal? 

Now playing through December 19 
8:00 pm T ues, Wed, Thu r, Sun~ . ..... . $3.50 & $3.00 
8:30 pm Fri, Slit. . .. ...... .. .. .... $4.00 & $3 .50 
2:00 pm Sun mllt inee ...... .. . . . ... $3 .00 & $2.50 

Special student rate: $2.00 
anyt ime exce p t Saturday. 

olb globe tb£atre 
balboa park 

LeVrs 
• 

WEHAVETHI 
PlRSOHAL TOUCH. 
WE ALSO HAVE 
THE GREATEST 
IN CASUAL WEAR 
SHIRT ALES INC. 

7461 GIRARD 
LA JOLLA 

454·7169 

iNe. 

Page 8 Triton Times Tuesday, November 30, 1971 

"real' service to students. The restrictions as to the time. The 
record store could develop beach may be surfed. We don't 
towards solvency within a few want to destroy the marine life 
months of operation." in the beach or to permit it to 

Kaufman feels that the become overcrowded like tht! 
corporation "could potentially Scripps beach, said Kaufman. 
cupplant AS." However he The legal problems 
feels that . the AS organization • concerning opening the beach 
should not be abandoned. "have not yet been resolved," 

Easier access to Rlack's 
Beach is "still being looked 
into," according to Kaufman. 
One student is handling 
negotiations with property 
owners. 

" It looks like we'll get it 
open," he said. There may be a 
parking lot on the hill 
overlooking the beach with a 
tramway down. There may be 

he added. Three homeowners 
are considering pressing a suit 
against the University. "There 
is still opposition. " 

Kaufman "can-t say" when 
the beach will be opened. The 
first steps may be this year. 
The student, who is working on 
the problem has been on it very 
long, he stated. 

The Sports Arena concert has 

been tentatively llet for SPrilll 
quarter. The AS hopes to get a 
"big-name" concert of the 
stature of the "Moody Blues," 
a group who would draw a lot of 
people. Kaufman says the AS 
won't go through with it unless 
there are assurances Uhat the 
concert would be a success. It 
might be done in conjunction 
with a concert promoter. The 
concert may be staged either in 
the Sports Arena or at the Del 
Mar Race Track. 

The program to establish an 
administrative assistant has 
been "revised," Kaufman, in 
conjunction with Jim McGill is 
attempting to . start an 
internship program. They 
Ylou ld like to put student 

interns in every office , 
department and committee 
"critical to students." 

McGill has Just finished a 
study of every committee on 
campus of which there are 700, 
explaining the function, the 
process for getting things done, 
and the possibility of student 
inpu t on each one. At presen t 
students are on a "tiny 
fraction" of these committees. 
For this study, McGill was paid 
$400. 

Kaufman is also attempting 
to set up with the incoming 
Chancellor, William McElroy, 
an office of students and staff, 
which will simply draft 
proposals for committee 
action. 

id Moonlight Beach 
~ -; Diveus 5uppLcY 

LOOKING FOR AN ORIENTAL RUG? 
. GO TO AN ORIENTAL RUG SHOP! 

SCUBA LESSONS 
STUDEN' SPECIAL 

FULL COURSE NASDS CERTIFIED 
$ 25 INSURED • 

W/ STUDENT 10 INSTRUCTION 

J.. 
MAGIC CARPnS 

m7 LA JOLU mD. 

(EQUIPMENT PROVIDED) THE BEST SELECTION IN SAN DIEGO 
II1.HIWAY101 753·U.l Elc.nAS OPEN DAILY EXCEPT SUNDAY 459-7474 

• 
• Named "Import Car of the Year" by 

Road Test Magazine. 
.. Sold more cars in its first year 
than any import in hi~tory. 

• Standard rail-shift 4-sp'eed or 
optional automatic. 

• Power front disc brakes. 
• Rack and pinion steering. 
,. 2-litre overhead cam 

4-cylinder engine. 
• Styled steel wheels and radial tires. 
• Bucket seats and full carpeting. 

Legal aid, files ... 
CeII,.tIed from Pace 1 

assistance in obtaining OR release. Under an agreement which 
the AS is now considering, the Center would be paid 
approximately $10,000 to provide coverage for all UCSD 
students. The AS would be obtaining -the service at a fee of $2 
per student. 

After some discu~ion about whether the Regents would 
approve the expenditure of funds for a tegal assistance 

pro~ram, the committee di~ided into a subcommittee on legal 
assistance and a subcommittee on files to explore in depth 
these two problems. The two subcommittees were scheduled to 
meet yesterday and report to the full committee at its meeting 
this afternoon. 

Vor • • • Continued from Page 1 
issues is to have them studied in detail by a committee of 
concerned students and administrators which will report its 
findings a~d recommendations directly and promptly to me. I 
am establIshIng that committee today and charging it to report 
its preliminary findings to.me by Dec. 1, 1971. 1 would hope that 
thiS prelImInary report Will deal With the most critical issues, 

FRESH EARTH 
RESTAURANT' STORE 
1126 S HWY 101 
(NCINITAS 
(ACIOSS ROM "ANSINSI 

Writers Contest v 

Musical Show 
For any aspiring or librettist at 

UCSD, Broadcast Music Incorporated 
(BMI I is holding its twelfth annual 
Varsity Show Competition where they 
are soliciting a musical comedy or 
revue from college or university 
students in the United States. 

The only regulations in this contest is 
that the revue or show is written by 
more than one student at a university 
or college in the US, that the students 
have not reached their 26th birthdays 
at the end of the academic year, and 
that a tape of all the songs is enclosed 
in the submission to BMI. 

in the competition, and $500.00 to the 
organizatioll on the campus that 
sponsors the show or revue. 

For further information about this 
competition. write ; 

Allan Becker 
Broaocast Music Incorporated 

589 Fifth Avenue 
The award for the competition is : 

$500.00 to the composers of the best 
music entered in the competition, 
$500.00 to the writers of the best music 

New York 10017. 

All entries must be submitted by the 
end of the academic (1971-72 I year. 

and that it will be so drawn as to permit action to be taken on or 
before that date. 

Independ~ntly of that mechanism, my concern about the 
total SituatIOn compels me to take further steps at this time. I 
am askIng Vice-Chancellor Murphy and Chief Torrens to 
receive rep~rts of student-~olice interactions and to study the 
other speCifiC concerns outlIned at the meetings in my office on 
Friday morning. Nov. 12, and in Conference Room A on 
Monday afternoon Nov. 15. 1 expect to have recommendations 
from them concerning actions which can be taken 

IMPORTED FOODS- WINES AND CHAMPAGNES 
THE HOME OF THE " ARTICHOKE fRITATTA" 

Cresci's C & M 
Market & Delicat en 

Catering-all size parties 
Food to go 

7833 Girard Ave. La Jolla, Calif. 459-519 J 

immediately. Among these I would hope to find a better 
mechanism for keeping me informed about police-student 
problems, ways of establishing better working relationships 
between students and tne UCSD Police Department. and 
means by. which the .campus might act to protect the rights of 
students Involved With the law. Such actions as might result 
fror:" these recommendations would be subject to further 
revl.ew by the advisory committee, but they would allow us to 
begIn to deal directly with the problems which have been 
identified without having to wait for the results of the detailed 
studies the committee would undertake. 

THE GOLDEN 
ROLLI BELLY 

Pub/Restaurant 
Enjoy a hearl.' · brew in our 

fin e Olde Engli h Atmosphere. 
Entertainment _ ightly 

unda~ Brunch Concert 
225 l5th St .. ~ Del Mar 755-l414 

C'est Cheese 
of La Jolla 

• Success hasn't changed it. NOW OPEN 

Capri. Under $2800. 
Manufacturer's suggested rela fl pr ice and import surcharge. Exclud ing 
Dealer prep, If any, State and Local taxes, and local transportation charges 
up 10 583. See your lincoln-Mercury dea ler for hiS price. 

Imported and Domestic cheese 

in bul~ cut to your requirements 

Come infor a taste . . 
Gourmet and Specialty foods from 

all over the world. 

Coc/"-tail and Partr Delights 
Gift - .Hailing Packs 

7523.4 Fa)' Are on Drury Lane Plaza 
454-5384 

On s age/ The O ld G lobe Theo 

.,he ...... 
of a.e 

b y Father 
Doniel Berrigan. 

In May, 1968. nine people . 
inc lud ing a forme r nun and tw o priests , 

bu rned 378 draft f iles to protest 
Vietna m. Was it a oct of conscience? 

C ivil d isobedience? A crime? 
C hris ian du y? Wi h unsurpassed moral 

in tensit y. this chol lenging new drama 
e xa mines the bac rounds of he nine ; 

re-e nocts the burning ond presents 
excerpts frcm the tense tria l. 

Held Over /Limiled Run 
Ticket prices-aU seah res . 239-2255 af ernoons. 
8:00 pm Tues. Wed 1hur S~ n .. .. . .$2.50 
8:30 prTI Fr', c::'. ... . ... . . . . :~ .C: 
2:00 om Sun . met tnee ... ... . ..... $2 .00 

Speciol stude t re e: ' .so 
on ime except Sa urda 

CQssius calttr centre ~ 
d,ocon 0 t • Old G ,be The 're ,n B.:b~ Po" 

Tuesday, November 30, 197 1 Tri ton Times Poge 9 



'VI 
1111 

111 
Here's our new ... er, "Game Plan" lor the merchandising of LP ALBUMS 
and we hope that we are making ourselves perfectly clear ... YOUR LP 
STASH COSTS LESS NOW 

JOHN LENNON 
Imagine 

Retail $5.98 
DSC Price $3.66 

~_-----' • • L-~~----1 
""",,,"'" Retail $5.98 

1-11 r- ~ .. L y 
I _ .1'--.... 

Retail $5.98 
DSC Price $3.66 

R,tall $5.98 
DSC Price $3.66 

DSC Price $3.39 

VAN MORRISON 
TUPELO HOtEY 

JncUIn:WiId Nipt / Oid Old WoodstDCll 
I WlnNbY1lu / '/bu'reMy'M"na" 

Retail $4.98 
DSC Price $2.84 

R,tall 55.98 
DSC Price $3.39 

[I 
e 

DSC Price $3.66 

LEO Z[PPHIN Retail $5.98 
DSC Price $3.66 

CAT Sf EVENS 
Teaser and the Hrtcat 

R,tlll 55.98 
DSC Price $3.66 

PLUS THE BEST SELECTION OF STEREO, QUAD AND HI·FI IN TOWN/ 
• fAIE 2O-YEAJI GUARANTEED 'Do fiound eity' WATEIIHD M"mISS with ., ~.I' ~::: ~~:": ~~.":, ~ purell ... of '110 or IIIDr. 'n 

.... 1118 • • A M,ld •• ? 01 IIllO ELECTRONICS CORP '1IIIIAIMrIcInlIllClIllonor· 
31M EL CAJON BLVD. \ FASHION YALLEY EASTI4H· ...... •• CEII1lII f5} SAN DIEGO SAN DIEGO IN EL CAJON .• I~ 

STORE HOUIIS ( .... No •• 29) Phone: 213-2325 Phone: 211-5595 Phone: 442·2H1 QUI-to. 
Mon. thru SIt. 1 AM·' PM 0'''., IIore /ocl/ion. ar.: P."~n • . Go/." .nd Ornlrd. tIEr.up,-

Sundly10 AM·5 PM 

Page 10 Triton Times Tuesdoy, November 30, 1971 

1)ow Sound City -J!{- SONY GIFT CENTER. STEREO & RECORDS 

COLOR PORT AILE TUMMY TRINITRON - For on-the-
move TV viewers. Watch an the bowl games in color 
while relaxing on New Year Day. The lantaltic KV-9000U 
haa sharp fOCUI, greater brightness. quick Itartl, no set-
up adjustments. Compact in size, is portable from room 
to room and hal front mounted Ipeaker. $3Ot.95 

THE SONY SPACE SAYER STYLED FOR SOUND. A 
"hip" cube fits anywhere. Wake up to your favorite AM 
program with the SONY 6RC-23. Features front clock 
control, powerful 450 milliwatt output in lound chamber 
cabinet, easy to read clock, Iweep lecond hand. Rich 
simulated walnut and SONY quality. $1'.95 

SONY TRINITRON, the instant entertainer. See color 
reproduced al-it·is on this big 12 inch diagonal Icreen. 
Thll Xmaa joy comes in a charcoal grey cabinet, trimmed 
with chrome and features goodiel like a lighted dial 
indicator, push-button automatic color control giving you 
perfect color saturation and hue at all times, plus an 
easy carrying handle. $211.95 

THE POWER MITE. Goes anywhere . . . indoors/outdoors, 
on the patio, alongside the pool, the dorm and really 
any pad. This SONY black & White TV-510U weighs 7 
Ibs. 8 oz. and comes in decorator styled white and blue. 
It operates on AC or DC, has a non-glare filter 'screen 
for outdoor viewing. $101.95 

• PINd,na'l MOlt Complete ELECTRONIC PARTS INVENTORY I 

SONY'S NINE POUND WONDER. We think this is a super 
buy. The TV-740 operates on AC or DC, has glare-free 
screen and it travels anywhere I Brilliant black & white 
7" picture tube that is ON instanlly. It will become your 
new household pel. Sleek charcoal grey. UHF & VHF 
antennss and earphones for personal use. $101.'5 

WAKE UP HAPPYI FM or AM the time you choose with 
SONY'S 7FC-89W. If you're a last minute dozer. it'll re-
mind you with·automatlc alarm ... ten minutes after your 
music starts. Night table, desk or shelf, this simple to 
use performer will delight you. Richly styied simulated 
walnut and brushed chrome, quality you expect from 
SONY. $31.15 

WAKE UP SMILING . .. with SONY'S FM/AM digital clock 
radio model TF-M-C590W. Features a 3-way alarm sys· 
tem, integrated circuitry . . . pre·set the time and the radio 
turns on automatically. Easy reading of large illuminated 
numerals. Also a loud buzzer, sleep timer which auto-
matically turns the radio off . . . plus SONY quality. Avail-
able in grey or white. $41.15 

SONY'S MINI DIGITAL CLOCK RADIO. This space age 
beauty is loaded. It will help keep your appointments. 
wake you genlly to music. It never forgets .. . if you for-
get to set it - it will still wake you. It's 2% " oynamic 
speaker gives you brilliant AM sound, a buzzer alarm 
and a high impact cabinet plus an illuminated face with 
SONY quality. Model GRC-15. $21.'5 

THE SONY HI-RISE FM/AM RADIO. Elegant on a sculp-
tured pedestal , it will get raves. The SONY 8F-11 W offers 
solid state OTl circuitry, full .... speaker for exceptional 
tone, large vertical slide rule tuning scale and protected 
from drift via AFC and pushbuttons. Will give SONY 
quality for years. $21.95 

Bank Terml Available - Trade·lnl Accepted - The Sound freakl honor 

A FREE 20·YEAR GUARANTEED 
- WATERBED MATTR£SS 
wit" .n, pure" ... 0' '150.00 or mOil 

STOllE HOURS (8eg. Nov. 21) 
Mon. Ihru ht. 1 AM-' PM 

SUndl, 10 AM·5 PM 

Malter Charge, BankAmerlcard and Money. 

~~~~ 
3886 EL CAJON BLVD. \ FASHION VALLEY EAST I 4711 PARKWAY CENTER 

SAN DIEGO SAN DIEGO IN El CAJON 
Phone: 283·2325 Phone: 211·55.5 Phone: 44a,·2591 

Orh.r .rore loeer/on. ar. : Pss,d.n,. Gol,'a and Oxnard. 

Find out .bout our FI." V,.r Gu.,.nt .. 
.nd $"..k., Tlld, S.ck PI.n. 

Tuesday, November 30, 1971 Trilon Tiqre$ Poge 11 



~---announcef.Dents--------------------------------~ 
tuesday 

Black students interested In 
study ing in Afr ica on the UC 
Education Abroad Program 
are invited to rap with Fred 
Barnwell, EAP Student at 
the Un lv. of Ghana '70- '71, 
at 5 p.m., De Anza Hal l 
lounge, Th ird College. 

Mov ie, "The Hour of the 
Furnacl5," Argent ine f i lm 
by So l a n as li the 
equ i valent of a 
Revolut ionary man ifesto " 
- " the most advanced 
polit ical film ever made." 
Part I, 6 p.m., parts II and 
111, 7:30 p.m. Wed . 201 MC, 
50cents, prese nted by 
Cinema of Dissent. 

wednesday 
'AS Council Meeting at 4 
p.m . in Conference Room 
B. 

The Chr ist i an Sc ience 
Organization will meet at 
Tenaya Hall 7th floor rm . 
302 at 4 p.m. All students 
are invited. 

Public lecture by Professor 
Magoroh Maruyma , 
V i si t i ng Professor of 
Communications Studies at 
Ant ioch College in Ohio. He 
w i ll speak on 
" Communications and the 
M inority Experience" at 4 
p.m. in 201 MC. FREE . 

U ni ver si ty lutheran 
Church will have a 35 cent 
supper for students at 5 
p.m. At 5:45 p.m. a Bible 
st u d y an d Chri st i a n 
fellowsh ip. At 8 p.m. a 
dialogue with International 
Socie t y f o r Kri sh n a 
Consciousness and Dr . Dell 
Schneider of UCSD. 

advertisements 

for 

ourselves 

All graduate students and 
undergrads who teach : 
there will be a meeting of 
the newly formed local of 
the AFT , American 
Federation of Teachers, at 4 
p.m . In the Revelle 
Informal Lounge. The 
meeting will concern the 
need for the un lon , 
membership and 
organization . 

There wi ll be a general 
meeting of the Committee 
to Free Polit ical Pr isoners 
at 5 p.m. in Ogden Hall 
Upper lounge, Th i rd 
College Dorms. 

Mov ie, "Th. Hour of the 
Furnaces," " the most 
advanced pOlit ical f ilm ever 
made," from Argentina, by 
Solanas, Parts II and III 
will show at 7:30 p.m. in 
11 05 B.S., 50 cents. 

Robert Magu ire, Professor 
of Slavic Literature, 
Columbia University, will 
speak on "Russian and 
Sov iet Gentre Theory" at 4 
p.m . Hl 1108. Everyone is 
cordially inv ited to attend. 

thursday 
Student-F acuity discussion 
with Professor Waddy and 
students from his 
Humanities class., at 7:30 
p.m. in the Revelle Formal 

Lo~nge . Students are 
welcome. 

Young Socialist All iance 
presents a public forum at 
7:30 p.m. in Building 20, 
Room 1330, Muir College. 
Michael Magg i wi ll speak 
on " The L ife, Work and 
Ideas of Che Guevara." 

AM E S 101B presents 
" Rotating Flows" at noon in 
the HL Aud, Free. 

The UCSD Drama Club will 
present a " Theatre Hour," 
at Sumner Auditorium (510) 
in Scripps. The Program 
will begin at 12 noon, all are 
welcome to watch scenes 
from " Who's Afraid of 
Vlrginra Woolf," Cyrano de 

. Bergerac " and " K Ing 
Richard III. " 

friday 
There wi ll be a meeting for 
those interested i n 
I ntercollegiate Track at 5 
p.m. in the gymnasium 
classroom. Those seeking 
further information should 
call the gym off ice at X2275. 

When you are six years old tests with 
-needles really hurt. This girl is being 
tested for sickle cell anemia by Dr . Ed 

Alexander, BAC member and UCSD 
professor . At left is Roy Johnson also of 
BAC. 

~-classified~---------_______ ........ 
IS YOUR AUTO SICK OR 
TIRED ? TRY JAMES 
AUTOMOTIVE SE RVIC E. 
AMeRICAN A N D 
FO R EIGN CA R S. 
RE P AIRS AND 
POLLUT ION 
CO NTROL STUDE NT 
DISCOUNT 774 8 
HERSCHEL LA JOLLA 
(I N THE REAR ) 459-9181 

Ten Speed, 21" Robin Hood 
bike 565. 6 mths old. A -1. 
Ca II 753-0360 after 5: 30. 
( 11 130 ) 

TYPISTS : Ma . theses, Phd, 
dissert. , term papers. etc .• 
RUSH JOBS. 453-6835 (12 5) 

I BM Selectr ic Typing 
Choice of type styles . 
50 cents per usual page, 
Theses slightly higher . 
Draft correspondence free. 
Bruce, 453-5346. (3/1 0/ 72 ) 

EU ROPE -ISRAEL-EAST 
AFRICA 
One way and round tr ip 
student fl ights. Inexpensive 
student camp ing tours 
throughout West and East 
Europe, includ ing Russia. 
SOF A Agent for i nter-
European student charter 
fl ights. 
CONTACT : ISCA, 11687 San 
Vincente Blvd ., Su ite 4, 
L.A., Ca li f. 90049 TEL : 
(213 ) 826-5669 (R) 

Female wr iters wanted, 
free lance. Amateurs or 
prefessiona I. Modern short 
stor ies and art icles. Prefer 
those based on personal 
exper iences. Wr ite Lyd ian 
Manor Publ ishers Inc., 221 
W 16th Sf. Nationa l City, or 
phone 477-7339 (12 / 3 ) 

Roomate Needed : M or F, 
to share in Del Mar home. 
755-1363 (11 130 ) 

Page 12 Triton Times Tuesday, November 30, 1971 

PROFESSIONAL DRAFT 
COUNSELI NG by 
com petent UCLA Law 
School grads; four years 
experience. Free Interview. 
239-4080. (1 / 7) 

'67 Pontiac 4 door hrdtop, nu 
pa int good cond., f inancing 
ava i l. AC. 453-3002 (1213 ) 

DIS rlNCTIVE TYPI NG 
IBM EXECUTIVE 

Serv ice on schedule. Modest 
Rates . Satisfaction is the 
end product . Helen, 459-
8828. (R) 

I have a chance to buy a 
S100,OOO sa i lboat (CSK Cat. ) 
for 545,000 but I need 1 or 2 
partners. 453-1064 or X2466 
( 11 / 30 ) 

Expert motorcycle,- repai r . 
Save SS & t ime. Good, 
honest work . Specialists on 
N or to n, T riumph, 
H usqvarn a, Y ama h a, 
Honda, M aico. Jim, phone 
a nytime, 273- 40 52. 
Emergency service. 

Female roommate needed 
for 2 bedrm. ocean view apt. 
in Cardiff , Own room. 580 
mo. Avail. Jan. 1. Call 
mornings 753-0453. Judy. 
( 1213) 

EUROPE, S220-245 round 
t rip . Also M iddle East ana 
Ja pan . ES EP , 17 613 
Queenswreath Way, Irv ine, 
Cal if. 92664, (714 ) 833-8060. 
ESEP-UCSD members, (R) 

WILL TRADE : Matchless 
750cc. motorcyle for good 
VW Bus. Ca II Bob 224-9261 

EUR OPE 
ALL YEAR ROUN D 
FRO M WEST COAS T 
Round tr ip fr om S220; one 
way f rom S125 . Fl ights to 
M iddle East, Or ient, & 
with in Eu rope . Phone 71 4 
833-8060 . E,S.E P. 176 13 
Queenswreath Way, Irv ine, 
Ca . 92664. ESE P members. 
( R ) 

9T H ANNUAL JET 
F L I GHTS IiUROPE : 
FROM S229 ROUND-TRIP : 
J APAN : F ROM 5349 
ROUND -T RIP ; CA L L 
FLI GHT CHAIRMAN, 281 -
6706 bef . 5 or aft. 9: 30. 4248 
Over land, Dept . A, Cu lver 
City, Ca . 90230. 1/ 28 /72 

ROOMMATE NEE DED : 
Enc ini tas, 2 bdrm fur n 
house on beach S68 /mo ca ll 
753-3119 ( 11 / 30 ) 


