
Defector Tells of Soviet Art Censo'rship 
Jim Si/ls 

Contributor 
After some confusion over the site of the lee ture, last Tuesday 

night some 200 people gathered in a large room on the Muir 
campus. Theywaited. They waited for the famous writer, former 
KGB agent and defector from the Soviet Union : Yuri Krotkov. 
When he finally stood to speak, the audience was surprised to 
find that this glamorous figure had sat among them for 15 
minutes unobserved. 

Krotkov was a short, spare figure, well into mi<k:lle-age, his 
hair graying. He was dressed conservatively in a dark suit, and 
bore a remarkable resemblance to Alexei Kosygin. The com-
parison ended there, "I wish to speak about rultural regimen-
tation in the Soviet Union. The absolute control of the 
totalitarian government party." The audience knew it had come 
to the right place. 

'Psued.Values' 
After a long and successful career as a dramatist am 

screenwriter in Russia, Krotkov defected to the West eight 
years ago in London. The reason was simple, "AU that I had 
ever written was a lie, a dishonorable fabrication of situations, 
images, conflicts, psued.values, nothing but literary back-
work and propaganda." Recounting anecdotes of his ex-
periences with government censors ("arts councils") he told of 
a lady commissar who had corrected a writer who spoke of "my 
opinion." "Comrade," she said, "there is no opinion oot the 
Party opinion." As a result, one of Krotkov's play's was denied 
publication. "I realized," said Krotkov, his voice low, "that you 
can't judge art by a collective, by the Party. Creation is 
something within you, to do otherwise is to kill the artist. " 

Krotkov did not speak of his KGB experiences in his lecture, 
only yielding to questions from the audieoce. Clea rly , he 
preferred to be accepted as an artist, not as a spy. " In your 
country, a spy is thought to be something glamorous and sexy. 
At home, we think of such persons as being in a very dirty 
business." 

Speaking in excellent, if heavily accented English, Krotkov 
nevertheless seemed to sense a communications gap between 

himself and the mostly student audience that confronted him. 
"It is very difficult for you, theoretically, to come to some real 
understanding of living under the committees, the government, 
the Party, the system. Emotionally, it's possble only to know by 
the real experience." Krotkov tried to make this clear by 
discussing the details of government<ontrolled literature. 

'Romeo and Juliet ' - Nix 
"I wrote a story, under Khruschev, about two families in-

volved in the deportation of the entire Chechen and Caucasian 
nationalities from their homeland, by Stalin It was a r<mance 
between the son of the general directing the operation and the 
daughter of one of the victims." Krotkov paused, "A Romeo am 
Juliet story", he said, gesturing. "You understand?" The story 
was disapproved somewhere in " the nine levels of review" 
required to see the work. "Such things were thought better 
forgotten ." 

On another occasion, Krotkov wrote a scenario about several 
geologists on a field trip, who, separated fr<m their main party, 
perish one by one in the desert. "My directcr was instructed by 
the VIP's" Krotkov raised his palm over his head emphasizing 
the VIP's stature in society, "the VIP's, tIE big men, tIE bosses, 
that the munber of deaths should be scaled down to two. They 
said the end must be optimistic in order to fulfill socialist 
realism." 

His voice loud in indignant anger Krotkov parroted the 
"VIP's," "You need to create New Man. " Krotkov spoke "New 
Man" like an incantation. "You must create the New Man ci 
Soviet life." Discouraged by these goings-on in the capital of 
Moscow, Krotkov went on a boat cruise across country, staying 
in his cabin all day typing up a revision ci the story. "TIE boat 
captain was very suspicious of a man who stayed in all day 
typing. He alerted the area KGB-men, who accosted me on deck 
and took me back to my cabin. They interrogated me, and 
relented only when I proved the story was for a government 
production." The audience stared back in incredulity. "I think 
you're beginning to_understand," said Krotkov. 

'Strange MIxture ' 
Krotkov had come to Moscow in his youth and, attracting 

triton ti 
Volume J2, Number 16 University of California, San Diego 

wide-sJl'ead attention, was nominated for the Stalin Prize at a 
youthful 31, in 1949. Shortly before this he had " been co-opted" 
into the KGB to watch fellow tourists when traveling abroad, 
and to write propaganda blurbs. 

Coocluding his lecture, Krotkov asked a rhetorical question. 
"Why does it (the Soviet government) still stand? First, is 
terror. You would need thousands and thO\lSands of pages to 
describe its forms and extent. Second, and most important, is a 
strange mixture of absolute faith and lies in the mind of tIE 
faithful party member. Only Dostoevsky could describe it, for to 
understand it is to go to the very center of tIE hwnan per-
sonality." 

friday, february 26, J9lJ 

Hitch Pledges to Seek More 
Financial Support for UC 

Molly Selvin 
Assoc. City Editor 

CoastructloD COatilDlet apace OD Muir apartmeDIII. Scbeduled for COmpletiOD next fall, work bas 
now progrelled to tbe third story. 

UC President Charles Hitch 
pledged last Friday that he will 
do everything in his power to 
acquire more money for the 
University in Governor 
Reagan 's "very austere" 
budget for 1971-72. In a 
prepared statement he read to 
the Board of Regents at their 
meeting in Los Angeles, he said 
that if the governor's budget 
was approved as it now stands, 
the University would be 
operating at the same "dollar 
level for the third consecutive 
year." Also, it would be the 
third year in a row that no state 
funds were provided for 

Organizing the MD Counterculture 
Juliano Cinque 
Stoff Writer 

Dr. George Abbott's waiting room at 
first appears to be like that of any other 
physician's. Yet deviations fr(l1l the 
sterctyped doctor's office soon become 
apparent. Instead of . the bland dinner 
music that usually bubbles from the 
speakers, Jimi Hendrix's voice bears 
down forcefully on the ear, the patients 
are predominantly male college 
students, who are seeking to avoid the 
draft, and the periodicals include such 
magazines as Mad and Tbe NaUo .. I 
Lampooa. 

Dr. Abbott is chairman of the San 
Diego Olapter of the Medical Committee 
for Ilunan RIghts (MCHR), which is a 
national organization composed of 
members of the health professions. 
There are some 40 members in San 
Diego. MCHR is looking to bring about 
social change particularly in the status 
quo of medical treatment. Due to its 
progressive political views MCHR 
consists predominantly of young 
physicians and medicalstudentl who ... 1 

strongly opposed to the policies of the 
American Medical Association. 
In dlscW5Sing the differences between 

the two organizations, Dr. Abbott ex-
plained that MCHR, "views health care 
as a hunan right, while the AMA views it 
as a privilege." 

"1be AMA," he continued, "is a force 
which has retarded the implementation 
of effective and hwnane health care for 
Americans, by limiting the number .of 
doctors and opposing such programs as 
Medical and Medicare." 

One 11 the activities 11 the MCHR is to 
provide medical aid, at rock concerts 
such as Woodstock. 

"The action of the city administration 
concerning the medical aid provided by 
MCHR shows you where the dty's head is 
at," Dr. Abbott said in discusaing one of 
the Jl'oolems of the San Diego Chapter. 

"In one of the concerts at Balboa 
Stadium four or five medical students 
were har assed by the San Diego police . 
In a run to the hospital with a kid who had 
overdosed on drugs, the car was stopped, 
and given a citation for a vehicle 
operating as an unlicensed ambulance. 

During this time, ·there was a fifteen 
minute hiatus, during which UIe guy was 
comatose." 

Another member of the MCHR is Brian 
Boni, medical student at UCSD. He ex-
plained that one of the main activities of 
the MCHR here in San Diego, is to 
provide, "draft physicals for helping 
people get medical deferments." The 
idea behind this examination is to help 
those who aren't rich enough to afford a 
private physician to document their 
medical condition. Brian pointed out 
that, "We don't create conditions, we just 
document them." 

Allen Abrahams, another UCSD 
medical student involved in MCHR was 
present at the Chicano Moratorium of 
January 28, in Los Angeles . 

"I didn't go up there to be a medical 
student per se, oot most protests 11 police 
brutality are self-fulfilling." Allen 
pointed out, that while participation in 
the Chicano Moratorium wasn 't 
organized by the MCHR, the medical 
students from UCSD who participated 

~Contlnued on pale Z) 

planning or construction of a 
single major building . 

While he recognizes that the 
sta te is in serious financial 
difficulties, Hitch declared, "it 
is my obligation, however, to 
illustrate as clearly as possible 
the grim implications for the 
University if this budget is 
approved as proposed. . .we 
must together find the means to 
obtain the financial support 
required to preserve quality 
educa tion for future 
generations of Californians." 

No Salary Increases 
Hitch was particularly 

dismayed that no allowance 
was made in the budget for 
academic salary increases. He 
fears that salaries at the 
University of California have 
fallen seriously behind those of 
comparable institutions. " If the 
University is to maintain its 
present distinguished faculty , 
salary increases must be 
provided in 1971-72." This is the 
second consecutive year that 
faculty salary raises have not 
been granted by the governor or 
the legislature.(Last year all 
state employees except 
academic faculty were granted 
a pay raise.) 

Because of the elimination of 
all irereased funds requested of 
the governor by the Regents, 
and the expected enrolhnent <i 
4,300 more students next year, 
the enrollment - related state 
support per student will again 
decline, this time by 2.5 per cent 
from 1970-71 . 

A('Cording to Hitch, "The 
results of the governor's budget 
are certain: already over-
crowded classes will worsen; 
studalt..faculty ratios will rise 
sharply; academic programs 
will be curtailed; and more than 
500 researchers, teachers and 
staff personnel will have to be 
terminated. " 

The new budget not only fails 
to provide for the 281 fa ulty 
positions requested by the 
Board, but rather eliminates 100 
faculty positions which the 
University now has. "The 
reduction means that Wi! have 
to operate in 1971-72 with about 
500 fewer faculty that we 
projected in our 1968 Fiscal 
Program. I can assure you that 
it will be next to impossible to 
improve undergraduate 
education under this oodget," 
Hitch said. It is now planned 
that the larger campuses will 
bear the brunt of the faculty 
losses, while the smaller, newer 
campuses, which are 
preswnably still growing, will 
not be so greatly affected. 

Student-Faculty Ratio 
The enrollment for next year 

is expected to increase by four 
per cent, while the nwnber of 
faculty will decline by two per 
cent and instructional SUD-
porting funds by about five per 
cent The student-faculty ratio 
will increase from 16.5 this year 
to 17.4 next year. 

For the health sciences areas, 
there will be a 9.4 per cent in-
crease in students and l.4 in-
crease in faculty, with 124 fewer 
faculty positions than proposed. 
The governor's budget does not 
permit the University to begin 
the Ten-Year Plan for the 
li!a th Sciences, a program to 
increase the number of 
phy~icians trained by UC 
medi ' al schools. The budget 
also fails to provide the faculty 
nead for I'tr..-nt '.1] . 
program and it denies 
adequate support for teaching 
hospitals . 

Research EHorts Curta8ed 
Reasearch efforts in the 

University of Caliilrnia have 
been for the JUt four years, and 

(Continued 01 PIle Z) 



EOP Ch ic no Recru itment 
Continues at High Schools 

Kathy Rust 
Staff Writer 

Due to the efforts II. the EOP recruiting team, tt.! number of 
Oticanos at UCSD has risen frOO\ about 25 to over 310 in only a 
few years. 

According to Chato Benitez, one of the eight members of the 
current recruiting team, most of the w<rk is done during the 
summer rronths. The recruiters go to local high schools and talk 
to students on a one-t~ne basis. 

They set up meetings where high school students can hear 
presentations from and direct questions to a panel of UCSD 
students. The panel includes students from Muir and Third 
College as well as Revelle College. The high school students are 
encruraged to make their own decision regarding which college 
at UCSD will best suit their needs. 

"Recruiting is necessary because most Chicanos are not 
aware that they are eligible to attend the University," says 
Chato. High school counselors have urged the Chicanos to atteoo 
junior colleges, rather than state college or the University, in 
many instances. 

In other cases, Chicanos have been guided to take vocational 
rather than college-preparatory courses in high school For this 
reason, the EOP recruiters try to contact high school students 
during their sophomore and junior years, when they still have 
enough time to take the necessary courses. 

The recruiters try to obtain permissirn to evaluate the 
transcripts of high school Chicanos to determine whic h students 
qualify to come to the University. Although they often encounter 
oA>osition in obtaining access to the records, last summer alone 
they evaluated 2500 transcripts. 

In about a month, the recruiters will be bringing Chicann<l to 
UCSD for tours of the campus. In this way they hope to make the 
alternative of attending UCSD a reality for Chicanoo, rather 
than a dream coming true only for someone else. 

M.D. Counterculture ... 
(Continued from page 1) 

were members of the organization. 
"The main thing," he continued, "was 

to provide medical presence during 
demonstrations. If people have law suits, 
you can testify as a documentary wit-
ness." 

Abrahams concluded wi th the 
statement that, "If people want to join 
MCHR, they are very welcome to, even if 
not in medicine." 

o 
EXCELLENT. .. A STUNNING AND 

UNFORGETIABLE PORTRAIT OF THE 
LOST ONES - HARD·BITTEN WHORES, 

TEENY-BOPPERS, GIRL-NEXT-DOOR 
LOVELIES, NEUROTICS AND 

NEAR-PSYCHOPATHS- CAUGHT UP 
IN THE DRUG AND ROCK SCENE!" 

-Judith Crist, New York Magazine 

~;::.:~~ . StUl'_" 
Miss HQrlow, {ynthia P. Caster, Goldie Glitter 

Andrea W~ips, Patti Cakes,lixie & Katy 
and 

Joe Cocker and The Grease Band 
Ten Years Aker featuring Alvin lee & Co. 

Spooky Tooth Terry Reid RAT£D 
X 

----I PINE ARTS t---.... 
1818 GARNET STREET :174-4000 

Plge 2 Triton Times February 26, 1971 

'UC Budget ... 
(CoatlDued from page 1) 

will cootinue to be "severely 
restricted." For next year, 
aside from the six per cent loss 
due to inflation, a further over-
all cut of eight percent will be 
made. The cut will mPBn that 
approximately 200 skilled 
scientists, tec!lnical and ad-
ministrative staff will be laid 
off, " a loss," says Hitch, 
"which in this time of mounting 
environmental and social 
problems, we can ill afford to 
sustain." 

No assistance whatsoever is 
provided for constructioo needs 

on the campuses. "Indeed," 
says Hitch, "the state ad- ' 
ministration is attempting to 
take back $9.4 millioo in prior 
YPBrs' appropriations of state 
funds which the administration 
has prevented the University 
from l1'ling." This is the third 
year in a row that no state funds 
were provided for construction 
of a single building or even for 
working drawings for ooe. 

(For this year and next year, 
the flegents decided to use the 
education fee or resident tuition 
fee for completion of con-
structioo projects and working 
dra wings already begun.) 

Reporter Bonned from 
Third College Meeting 

John Zoller 
Staff Writer 

The Third College Assembly voted Tuesday night to ''ban 
the TRITON TIMES reporter" from its meetings. The action, 
taken in the opening minutes of a regular Assembly meeting, 
was approved 22-14. 

The Assembly was expected to complete work on the 
College by-laws, but the TIMES reporter was excluded 
before the meeting began its regular business. 

The motion to exclude the TIMES reporter was made by 
Mike Lyons, a former TIMES staffer and a former city editor 
of TlflRD WORLD. Coverage of the last Assembly meeting, 
Lyons said, was "in very bad taste" and "emphasized all the 
negative aspects of the meeting." 

Two other students spoke in favor of excluding the TIMES 
reporter. One argued that the media seemed always to 
distort the facts when reporting on ethnic affairs, often 
printing "downright lies." 

A second student related a radio broadcast which had, he 
said, been slanted unfairly against Third College. He said it 
would be foolish to let representatives of the media into 
Assemtly meetings, since they only distort the truth in the 
same way the radio broadcast had. 

Speaking against the ban, another student said she thought 
the TIMES coverage had been fair . Joseph Watsoo, Third 
College Provost, also spoke against the ban. ' 'The coverage 
we've had on Assembly meetings in the TRITON TIMES has 
been fair and accurate," he said. 

" It is far better to have the TRITON TIMES reporting on 
Assemtly meetings," Watson said, "than to leave it up to the 
opinions and speculations of people who were not even at the 
meeting." He said that accurate information circulated in 
the TIMES would help to prevent distortion and misin-
focmation. 

"Snce we have no real means of keeping people out of our 
open meetings," Watson continued, "we might as weil have a 
reporter there, too." 

The student who had earlier complained about the radio 
broadcast then said, "I just don 't feel right about having a 
reporter in here." Mike Lyons reiterated his basic position 
that the last article had been "in extremely bad taste." The 
question was then called. 

The last article on Third College Assembly appeared in the 
Feb. 5, lln1 issue of the TIMES, and was written by John 
Zal\er . 

Watson said after the meeting that the College Board of 
IXroctors, which includes three students and three faculty 
members, would review the whole proceedings of the 
Assemtly meeting, including the ban on reporters, as part of 
its mrmal procedure. Watson said he was hopeful that the 
Diroctors would recommend a reversal of the ban. 

The Board of Directors is scheduled to meet today. 

PROTECTS RED RIDING HOOD 
WHILE SHE PlANTS GRASS 

LONE RANGER PI. I (30) 
STARRING CLAYTON MOORE 
AND JAY SILVERHEELS 

Ovr new ser la I lei races the Masked Man Leg· 
end Includlanae meellng up with Tonto. 

EASY REO RIDING HOOD (IR) 
I THINK I'LL TAKF MY ROBE OFF 

MARIJUANA LECTURE ( 
KLASS REUNION (3) 

FZKEARTS 
1818 GARNET STREET :114·4000 

c 

, 
y 

• t 

Revelle College to Hold Important Meeting 
The University budget cut, alternate grading proposals and' 

the p1aMed Student Center will be among the subjects discussed 
next Wednesday at the general flevelle Clilege Meeting. 

The meeting, called by the Revelle Committee on College 
Affairs, will be held in the gym at 12 nom and will feature 
Provost Paul Saltman and Vice-Olancelloc George Murphy. 
ProfeslKlrs have been requested to anow Revene students 
having a class at that time to attend the meeting with no 
penalty. 

Accordi~ to the meeting's agerxia, Provost Saltman will first 
speak 00 the State of the College. He will d~cuss the effects 00 
flevelleuooergraduate education the 30 per cent budget cut will 
have, the proposals of "late drop" and "A-B-C-NP " gradi~ 
currently under discussion by tt.! Executive Committee, and 
other matters of general importance to the College . 

Fritzie Muir, chairman of the RCCA, will then discl1'ls the 
plans and development of the RCCA-sponsored Revelle Student 
Center, and other activities of the committee. 

Finally Vice Chancellor Murphy plans to speak on the 
progress of the campus-wide student unirn. He will explain 
where the $6 per quarter that students have been paying has 
gone. 

Science Major Freak Out in 2622 
A festival of computer-produced films and music will be 

presented by The Senses Bureau this coming Monday, March 1 
at 4 p.m. in USB 2622. Highlights from films by :!l computer 
animators, mainly on subjects related to chemistry, will be 
shown, with musical backgrounds by an analog computer of 
sorts-a Moog Synthesizer. The free one.nour program will 
include computer-animated film selections such as: " How to 
Steal an Electron," "Walk Through a Molecule," "0 rd er-
Qisorder Phenomena," "Computer Molecules ," "A Protein 
Primer," and "Unwinding of DNA." 

The festival, produced by The Senses Bureau, a largely un-
dergraduate group working with Professor Kent Wilson in the 
Chemistry Department, has already been shown to standing-
room-only audiences at cal Tech, Berkeley, Yale, and MIT,and 
wiIJ be presented later this year in Puerto Rico, Holland, aoo 
France. The images are drawn a frame at a time under com-
puter contro~ usually on an oscilloscope, and the colors are 
produced by photographing through filters . Electronic music is 
then added, matching the musical images to the visual rhythms. 

The festival will begin with a wild light show, the munching of 
free pop corn, and, it's rumored, a go-go dancer fr(JJl the B~ 
Shop. 

Frenchman to Speak about DeGaulle 

The UCSD Campus Programming Board will be sponsoring a 
lecture by Pierre Emanuelli on Wednesday, March 3at4 p.m. in 
2D 1330, Muir CoUege. The title of his lecture will be "De 
Gaulle-Plus or Minus." 

Emanuelli, executive secretary of the French Atlantic 
Association (an organization which promotes public un-
derstaooing of the North Atlantic Alliance in Its cultural as well 
as political and military aspects) has long been a close student 
of Freoch politics and diplomacy. He has traveled widely in 
Europe and in this country and has lectured in a large number of 
American universities over the past several years on in-
ternational affairs. The lecture will be in English. 

COMMUNITY BLOOD BANK 
327 F St. 

PAYS DONORS 
lor services 
Tues. thru Sat. 

233 • 8328 

--.. _ .. ---..... ... 

,eu ... 1t _ .. 
sensual & therapeutic 

WATERBEDS 
~'::~ ~ ::~D 

AIR FR 1I1f:.~ 
KING $5500 
SIZE 
....1"'l1li. 1"".1 SI .. , 

The Waterhole 
"'-.. 4212 
210-2611 II eel'" ...... . ~ •................. ~ .... . 

Progress of the 
Jarring Talks 

- a panel discussion-
with 

Professors 
NAUEN and POPKIN 

2 p.m. SATURDAY 
Revelle Formal Lounge 

ponsorcd hy 
JelVi.~h tudents Association 

To Allay Anxieties 

Police Patroling Muir Dorms 
University police and the 

Muir night watchman will 
pursue a po licy of "higher 
visibility" in the Muir dor-
mitory area in an effort to allay 
rising racial anxieties in the 
wake of last Saturday's assualt 
and robbery in a Tioga hall 
elevator. 

The decision resul ted from 
meetings between Vice-
Chancellor of Student Affairs 
George Murphy, the three Muir 
resident deans, and University 
police chief M. E. Torrens. 

The patrolmen will ride 
elevator.s, walk through balls, 
and generally "spot- check the 
dark corners." Unkops nOr-
maIJy confine their surveillance 
of the dorm arPB to what can be 
done from inside their 
automobiles, but wiJJ hen-
ceforth make irregular foot 
patrols through the area. 

"Typically, at this or any 
other college campus, the police 

CAMPUS REP 
EXCelLENT OPPORTUNITY for 
• marrl.d coupl • . If you ar. nor· 
mallv home to .nlwer phon. cills 
you c.n .. rn suppl.m.ntarv in. 
corne part·time rapr".nting. non 
profit studtnt ru n trlv.1 progr.m. 
If vou hi •• Ortllnilltionll Ibilitv 
Ind hi •• t" •• I.d in EUlop, phon. 
COLLECT (213' 348·3013. 

triton times 
FEEDBACK 
SESSION 

Wed., Mar. 3rd at 8 p.m, 
in the Informal Lounge 

"We want to know what 
you think about your paper. " 

sponsored by Ihe 
GUllt·in·Residence 

Committee 

'Davis Camera 
STUNNT DISCOUNTS 

7717 F.y 459-7355 

will not set foot in the dorms 
except in an emergency," said 
George Murphy, "but with the 
particular problems we've been 
having, we feel it advisable to 
call upon resources beyond our 
regular dormitory staff." 

Last Saturday's incident, in 
which three Black men, ap-
parently not.students at UCSD, 
drew a knife, punched and 
robbed a white studEnt in the 
early morning, was "by far the 
most serious, but not the only 
manifestation of the problem 
we've been having," according 
to Murphy. "There have been 
several heated discussions, 
some hassling, and a rash of not 
necessarily related thefts." 

Murphy added that theft rates 
are not higher for this year than 
for last. 

The racial tension, according 
to Muir Resident Dean Joan 
Walsh, grows largely out of 
rather trivial episodes, and is 

Eureka 
Route applied (o/,) 

~ 
San JII ~. III 

rrancnco II 

Let Air 
California 
put you on. 

You 'll find us a 
little different from 
other commuter airlines. 
We offer more than just 
a dul!'ride on a flying bus. 

compounded by lack of com-
munication. 

For example, a Black student 
may turn on his stereo late at 
night and near by whites may be 
trying to study for a test, "but 
they woo't say anything for fear 
that their complaint may be 
taken as racis t. If kids would 
just realize, 'I don't care if 
you're Black, white or purple, 
this mise has got to stop,' then I 
think everything would be fine . 

"But I think the kids are 
afraid . They 've gotten 
themselves into a box where 
they see color first instead of 
the particular ,issue at hand. 

"With 600 kids in a relatively 
small area, you're 
automatically going to have 
trouble when half of the people 
want to go to bed at midnight, 
and the other half wants to goof 
around till three. But the 
issues have gotten tremen-
dously complicated here?' 

Let us put you on one of our 
colorful 737 SunJets and rediscover just 
how much fun flying can be. You'U remember 
us for our warm, colorful way-of-f1ight and 
the big bright sunburst on our noses. 

Call your helpful travel agent or consult 
your Yellow Pages for Air Cal 's local rescrva -
U," n,mb<,. _ 

AIR CALIFORNIA 
with something II f ll' under Ihe un 

UC to Help Found 
Ecology Institute 

Rose DeCosta 
Staff Writer 

. T~e l!niversity of California will become one d the founding 
l1lShtutions of a corporation called "The Inter - American In-
stitution of Ecology." President Charles Hitch recommeooed to 
the ~g~nts Committee on Educational Policy that necessary 
negotiations be held to make the University of Califocnia a 
member. 

~he Inter-American Institute of Ecology came into view as an 
a~hon taken by a group of environmental s:ientists associated 
WIth the Ecological SOciety of America and the International 

Assoc!ati~n for Ecology. The purpose of the proposed 
organlzsllon would be to engage in research and public 
awarenes~ programs. It will partiCipate in coopera tive ventures 
for ecolOgical awareness to be financed by private founda tions 
and public funds . 
.. The. U~versi~y's. role in the membership would entail par-

tIcipatIon ,m r.eVlewlng the .activit!es , policies aoo programs of 
the orgamzation. Such reviews will take place beginning 1976 
and every five years thereafter . ' 

No £inaocial obligation is generally expected of the members 
bu~ members of .the Institute are expected to send rell'esen: 
taltves to attend Its annual meetings. Founding members may 
be asked, ho~e,,:er, to pay a nonrecurring initial payment to 
defray ~rgam.zatlonal costs. The payment will not exceed $IDOO. 

All rune campuses of the University have endorsed the 
partiCipation of UC as a founding member of the In-

Palm Springs 

THERE'S 
SOMETHING 
BREWING 
by Lord Dudley-Phipps 

Able Spinoo, a familiar 
face at the King Snedley 
Brewery, has retired, and 
last week King Snedley 
threw quite 
a gomg away 
party for 
h im. S pinoo 
arnved at 
the party 
empty 
handed. , 
but left ..... '" ~-\.~~~p 
loaded • 
Hlghirght 
of t~.e 
evening 
wa when 
KIng Snedley presented 
Splnoo WIth the keys to a 
new car Splnoo plans to get 
anolher lob so he can buy a 
car to go With the keys 

* * * Out With Ihe old and 10 
With the new there's a 
new face 10 Ihe KlOg Snedley 
Brewery receplton area 0 
body, JUSI a face 

Alld speaklllg of fa{fS . there's 
110 trlltlt 10 Ih . rumor Ihat Prln· 
crss Faloolla ha had h" (aa 
Ilf/ed. Hal" yo" fl'er Inttl 10 
Itft a O>lt ",,"dred alld ft!lv 
pound face? • 

the King Snedley Brewery a; 
tne 16 ounce cannlOg hne 
team meets the 12 ounce (In· 
mng hne leam In the yearlv 
water puJo game at the Sned· 
leI; pool leI' hope It ~ork> 
out belter Ihan I. t vearwhen 
three hare'; were lost In the 
deep end 

Fi nally, l.lugh of Ibe wee\.. 
comes from Pri ncess fo loona 
who, upon re tu rning from her 
fi rst airplane fl Ight quip ped. 
"From up there 
Hopland 
looks like 
an ant h ill 
and all the 

p~ple 
look li ke 
bu y 
a" ls." 1f-;~~~'iJ~ 

wonder·\! 
ful ense 
of humor. 

\\'ell. as 
the y ayon 
t .. .-<11 .. 
bottling IlOe, "Lel's put Ihe 
capper on It ,' but thl I 
Ph.pp prom",n '~Iurn 
With even mOle well n w~ 
about the Snedley 

lord Dudle ·PhlpP 

Triton Times Februarv 26, 1971 Page 3 



Third College: Man as Ethnic Cipher 
Paul B. Simms 

.............. ,....-
_ ...... In ... "r!i .......... _ ~r rwIIect ...... - .. 
II. TIlTON TIMB. AIIyeM detiri,. .. ...."il __ .. lie pvblilhecl ... 

' ...... ,.... ............... il 10 the Edilorial DIrecter, TIlTON TIMIS, 117 
.. IM ..... UCSD. 
;:~;:.:;:;:;:::::::::::::.:;:::::::.:.:.:.:.::::::-:::::::::::.:.:.:;:.:.:.:.:.:;:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.:.;:! 

II P::~II;~~~~~;~~:J:.:~ty !I 
~:~ Most people in America tOOaY oppose the war in Vietnam. ~:~ 
::: PeOple today also realize that it is an imperia1ist war. But::: 
::: although anti-war sentiment has grown, the movement seems to ::: 
::: be weakening. Two weeks ago when Laos was invaded, the ::: 
::: response was much &nailer than last year after the Cambodian ::: 
::: invasioo. There are two main reasons for this. ::: 
::: The first reason is that the administration has become more ::: 
::: tricky. Nixon has learned that the best way to avoid unrest is to ::: 
::: not let the people know what's going on. In other words, there ::: 
::: has been a news blackout on a lot of wha t is happening in ::: 
:::Southeast Asia. ::: 
::: The otlEr reason too anti~war movement is dwindling is ::: 
::: because lately many people have become frustrated with the ::: 
::: movement's tactics and results. Many things have changed in ::: 
::: Vietnam. The anti-war movement must also change and ado::: 
::: vance if it is to be effective. ::: 
::: TIIE SITUATION IN VIETNAM TODAY.... ::~ 
::: The United States has politically lost the war in Vietnam. The ::: 
::: Pl4lpet government of Thieu and Ky has almost no popular ::: 
::: support. In June of 1969, the Provisional Revolutionary ::: 
::: Government (PRG) was formed in South Vietnam. The PRG is ::: 
::: an alliance which brings together rural and urban-the NLF and ::: 
::: noo-communist forces-in a united program to get rid of the ::: 
::: u.s. aggressors and hold free democratic electioll'l . ::: 
::: The PRG is supported by over 80 percen t of the people of ::: 
::: a coalition governmen t representative of all the people in favor ::: 
::: ofcomplete U.S. withdrawal. But the U.S. refuses to recognize it ::: 
::: either publicly or at the Paris Peace Talks. The U.S. does, ::: 
::: however, realize the threat the PRG presents. The Thieu-Ky- ::: 
::: U.S. government of South Vietnam is in wocse shape now than ::: 
::: the Diem regime before his overthrow in 1963. ::: 
::: Because of this the U.S., which has lost the war politically::: 
::: intends to take the country and all of Indochina::: 
::: militarily-before elections can be held-with saturation::: 
::: Ixmbing of people. This is outright genocide. ::: 
:::. The PRG has drawn up a peach prop~al which has been on ::: 
::::the Paris peace tables since September 17. 1970. This is the::: 
:::: Peoples' Peace Treaty. The Peoples' Peace Treaty says in part ::: 
::::aoo in essence : If the U.S. will (1) Withdraw all U,S. military::: 
::::forcesfrom Vietnam not later than June 30, 1971; (2) Withdraw::: 
::::U.S. military and economic support frem the police state of ::: 
:::: Thieu and Ky; and (3) Agree to non-intervention in the internal::: 
;::;alfairs of Vietnam; TIIEN, there will be ( 1) A prOvisional::: 
;:::coolition government formed that represents all independent :;: 
:::;and democratic popular forces and free elections will be held ; ::: 
;::: (2) AU captured soldiers and political prisoners will be ::: 
:::;released; and (3) The U,S. forces will not be attacked as they::: 
'.'. ·thdr .'. ::::W1 aw . ::: 
:::: The Peoples Peace Treaty is very important to the anti-war ::: 
;:::war movement in this country. It provides a means by which::: 
;:::Americans and Vietnamese can join to get too U.S. out of In-::: 
::::dochina. Most people don't realize that there is a reasonable ::: 
:::: proposal for U.S. withdrawal which is supported by the South ::: 
;::: and respected by the North, and insures the safety of withe::: 
:::: drawing American troops and the release of prisoners ei war . ::: 
;::: The anti-war movement must inform the American people of::: 
:::: this peace proposal and get as many people as possible to ratify ::: 
:::: the Peoples ' Peace Treaty and declare themselves at peace :;: 
;::: with the Vietnamese PeOPle. Since the U.S. refuses to recognize ;;: 
;::: the PRG, refuses to admit that it has lost politically, and since ::: 
::: the U.S. government is apparently launching a plan of mass ::: 
:::' ecocide and genocide of Vietnam, we the people, who have never ::: 
::: been at war with' the people of Vietnam, must take matters into ::: 
::: our own hands and declare peace with the people of Vietnam.:;: 
::: The imtl-war movement must present the Peoples' Peace Trealy;:: 
::: toall the American people and then work to see that the trealy is ::: 
;:: implemented." :;: 
::: There will be a city-wide Peoples' Peace Treaty Meeting ::: 
::: Friday, Feb. 26 at 7:00 p,m. in Scripps Cottage. Also, at UCSD::: 
::: Monday Feb, 29 ',here will be a film about Vietnam called ::: 
::: Peoples' War, ant' a speaker on the Peoples ' Peace Trea ty at ::: 
::: 7 :30 p.m., in MC lOl. ::: 
.: ........................................... (. ............................. :.:.:.;.:.;.;.:.:.::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: 

While I am usually \llConcerned with whi te opinions on ac-
tivities which Third World people are engaged in, I filii that 
saneone must say something in response to a bit d literary 
diatribe by one William Stoddard which aWEBred in DIMEN-
SION, the organ of right wing thought on campus. The article 
concerned alleged similarities between the struggles for 
liberation ei Third World people in the U.S. and Hitler's attempt 
to rule the earth. 

While Mr. Stoddard seemed to be somewha t knowledgea ble in 
Jewish history with re~ct to Germany, he apparenUy knows 
nothing about Black and Chicano people in America or 
American history. Stoddard began by criticizing the Third 
College plan to choose representatives to the Board of Directors 
on the basis of ethnic representation. "Basically, !he plan's 
proponents seem to view man in terms of racial collectives ... In 
other words, that within any race there is no such thing as in-
dividual diversity." 

Clearly Mr. Stoddard has never heard ei the phrases "the 
white man's burden" or "manifest destiny" (which, in eS!lence, 
meant kill all the Native Americans in sight alii then give tbem 
a few dead heroes (?) like Sitting Bull). The auth(J' seemed to 
have conveniently forgotten that in the documents which 
fwnded this country, Black people were to be recorded as 
tll-eel fifths of a person. It must have just slipped his mind (?) 
tha t the whole mood of this country is to make racial distinctions 
and create racial "collectives." 

Take for example Look Magazine, (September 8, 1964): A 
white plantation owner is quoted as saying, "If any of my 
niggers try to register (to vote) I'll shoot them down like rab-
bits." Just because there are forces in this country which are 
intent upon playing Hitler, that doesn't mean I am compelled to 
play Jew!!! 

STODDARD CHAlLENGED RACE LOYALTY 

Stoddard continued by challenging the concept of loyalty to 
one's race. He again seemed to be unaware that when the Six 
Day War broke out in the Middle East, tha!e same Jews who 
speak about nonviolence andpacificism,and ananti-nationalism 
to Blacks, responded with money or guns or both. 

Then, Stoddard went df into madness - how can a white man 
speak about free enterprise and profit motive to Black people 
when we are not free. Malcolm said that second class citizenship 
is 21Ith century slavery. How can a slave have free en-
terprise? ??? Just because someone says you are an animal, 
that doesn't make you an animal. Similarly just because 
saneone says "You 're Free," that does not make you free. 

Continuing on, Stoddard then tried to lie: "Because of in-
dividualism and the preiit motive, people weren't very in-
terested in the needs or the glory of their races." From David 
Walker to Nat 'furner, Marcus Garvery, W.E.B., Du BclS and 
Elijah Muhammed, on into the Sixties with Stokeley alii Rap 
and Huey, there has been and will be a certain pride in being 
Black. . 

We have a long history of oppression, struggle and- self-
sacrifice for our liberation. Do you really think that that "Peace 
Prize Wmning Dr. King" would have had his life snuffed ou t like 
a candle if he was going to continue his theory of non-violence? 
We who heard his last speech in Memphis know better! Do you 
believe that Malcolm X would have been assassinated had his 
program been peaceful coexistence? Funny how Roy Wilkens & 

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR . 
Congrats TT 
Editor : 

Congratulations on your 
excellent picture editorial in 
ywr Feb. 5 issue on La Jolla's 
"Coast Walk" which is en-
dangered by the apparent need 
foc a street just because it was 
dra wn on a map back before the 
turn of the century. 

I can assure you that the 
young people working in the 
office of the City Engineer are 
neitoor "bored" nor anxious to 
initiate street paving. At the 

req uest of property owners who 
want the streets paved, they 
must go ahead with the city's 
obligation to its taxpayers. 
Now, the city also has an 
obligation to its citizens who 
take the owosile point of view; 
preservation of what natural 
bea uty is left, especially in such 
fragile areas as the coastal 
walks, canyons and lagoons. 
This pu ts them in the position of 
"Mr. In-between", and most of 
tbem have served the taxpayers 
faitliully as their jobs are 
outlined. 

triton tiInes 
The my Council is the body 

that really has the pressure put 
011. From my vantage as a 
simple property owner, the 
Council appears to be very 
ITUlch aware ci the need to 
preserve areas like the above. Edilo,-in-Chief . H a\"norl Gammon 

[il) Edilo,. .. . .. Carl '\(' ihllq!t' r 
\llU1 aging EdilH'. ..,. 'Ii).., ' "'Ia ~ 'r 
Co p, Edilor ...... , Cltud, Graham 
lIu-ine", \I ana/(' , J •••••• J df ~ riel! 
Edilu,iuIUir .. ('It,r . , Raoul COlltr 'ra, 
;\ SSOl'ialf' til ~ ~,dilo' , .. ()" en J 0\ n{', 

. \l olI~ ~(; hin 
Art ., Edilor ......... T..,n Bua).. 
"PO,I Edilor ....... 1l00 ' k~ ' lIulfo" 
P.holo!l:raph , Edilor . , .. John l a ll l'r 

Newt Deportment 
Rose De COlt a 
Rod Lorong 
Rob.rt Mill.r 
John Zoller 
Ed Boyle 
Jullono Cinque 
Bobb,e Fink 
Bruce Morden 
Fronk Phillip, 
(l,ff Po,t 
Kothy Ru.t 
tsorboro Simon 
Jeff Graham 
Don Greene 
M,ke Rober" 
Paul Teyuw 
Roney Breece 

Contributors 
Steve Landau 
Jim 5,11. 
Arts Deportment 
Tom Beer 
Joy G,lIette 
lorry johmoon 
Sorgun T ont 
Ken 80rnu 
Corrie Rltkey 
A,lil lS 
Soroh McKenna 
Allan Sekula 
George SOlonl 

Photography 
Jon Fronek 
Matt Hinton 
Adve,ti.ine 
Depo,tmenl 
Mark Trill ing 
SUlon Cod .. 
Molly Sel .. n 
Se"eto,iol StoH 
Stey. Cohen 
She,lo Calhoun 
Copy Deportment 

Au' t Managing Ed . Debbie Monlgomery 
Joe Ec!.t.r" Glena Schrolte, 
Comy ShorICk 
Produdion 
Doye Buchb,nder 

The TIlTON TIMES •• off.(,oll, recogn.led and ,uppo"ed a. a .tudent n .... pop.r by the CommunICOhOni Boord 
of til. Unlv.",'Y 01 Col,fornlo. Son D'.go. Bu.ld,ng 250. Motth ..... Compu., 10 Jolla. Col,forn,o 92037 Publl(otlon 
II twice weekly on Tuesdoy\ and Fridays. Offlce$ or. located .n room 117, Blake HolI, on the Aevelle Camp us for 
Ad,,,t i,,n o pkon •• ~3 2000 , X 1017; for .dllorlol or n .. w, phone Xl016 

Page 4 Triton Times Februarv 26, 1971 

How the paths along the ocean 
can be preserved for those of 
you who love to walk along them 
is, in part, up to you members of 
the University Community. You 
have great strength when your 
needs meet that of the com-
munity at large. The Park and 
Recreation Committee will 
work with you, and the City 
Council will listen to you. The 
office of the City Engineer wlll 
iriorm you of what procedures 
you might take under the law to 

Co. can live to get old . Do you ever wonder about that Mr. 
Stoddard? 

STODDARD'S FEARS SURFACE 

Anyway. continuing with his article, Stoddard then slaled," Is 
one to imagine that sane racial superiority of Third World 
people would make their version ei such a regime (Nazism) any 
less owessive? This isn't credible ; if history proves anything, 
it's that every race will produce oppressors when given 
positioll'l ci power over others." (Here, Stoddard's fears surface 
- he's really afraid that Black and Chicano people will liberate 
tOOmselves one' day ard repay whitey for stealing lard and 

cmlmitti~ genocide on millions of non-wlite people. 
On the contrary, Stoddard, history will show that the biggest 

baddest owressor of the entire world was U.S. capitalism 
canbined with white nationa1ism-and if you think there is no 
such thing as white nationalism, then look around too earth and 
see where the U.S. is involved in malevolent intervention, in-
volved in "protecting the democratic rights ei the dlienseless 
Vietnamese peq>le. " Atno point on the globe is too U.S. fighting 
where there are not U.s. monetary interests involved - where 
colonialism is not being challenged. You can call it anything you 
want to but chickens do not hatcli cows, and &lakes beget only 
snakes!! 

SOME 00 LEARN FROM mSTOR Y 

This journalist (?) then went back to drawing some tears for 
the 6,000,000 Jews who tried to assimilate into German culture, 
who tried to become good Germall'l and got gas as a coosolation 
prize. Some people do learn from history Stoddard, even us. 

"Nazism and racism - The last time around, one of those 
pigeon holes was called Auschwitz," was Stoddard's next 
assertion. Blacks do not run the Allenwood Detention Center. 
Chicana! have had nothing to do with running the coocentration 
camps which are scattered around Califorria . Third World 
people have never said that all whites must perish ; we have 
never taught tbe total amihilationof "the great(?) white man." 
What has been said, however, is, "If you don't take your boot df 
my neck, it's gonna try to snatch your leg off - and don't tell me 
how to do il- 'cause I know you're lying - 'cause you want your 
leg" - Eldridge. 

A final thought on Mr. Stoddard's collection ei half-truths and 
lies would be to point out his tast sentence, where he suggested, 
"Change your name (Third College) to National Socialist 
Worker's O>llege. At least you'd achieve truth in Advertising." 
Stoddard knew his whole argument wasn't worth so much 
chickemhit - so he started talking about the "dirty com-
munists" and the "socialist threat to the peace-loving United 
States." Thought you were slick, eh? Well too bad, sucker, we 
even know your game now. 

Well, so much for Stoddard, White Nationalism, & Co. If he 
were the bes t they have, we would be assured ei victory. But we 
know he is not!! We know there are some Jell'lens loose in the 
world who will try to legitimate the oppression of all people of 
color. But Douglas had the answer - Frederick, that is -
"Assault compels defense. I shall never ask the colored people 
to bE: laml:s where the whites insist upon being wolves, and yet 
no man shall outdo me in efforts to promote kindness ... between 
tOO races. But I know there can be no peace without justice, and 
hence the sword." All power to oppressed people !! 

save these ocean walks. It can 
be done. you know. Lots of you 
are only ~re for a short few 
years, oot there are others of 
you who will remain to become 
part of the La Jolla community. 
I suggest you make an ap-
pointment with your Council 
Representative, who is Mrs. 
Helen Cobb. Talk with her about 
what you'd like to do-and who 
knows what you might put in 
motion. 
GOOD LUCK! 

Sally Hamburg 

Correction 
Editor: 

We would like to correct the 
fdlowing : 

Too speaker Yuri Krotkov 
was sponsored and brought to 
the campus by the Campus 
Program Board and not by the 
Muir College Department of 
Cultural 'n'aditions and Con-
temporary Issues as reported, 

Thank you. 

Sincerely, 
Lola Schwartz 

• 

A.S. Salaries 
Paul Kaufman 

Tom Caryl 
AS Council Members 

Because the A.S. Council is (at about 5 percent ci the 
'entrusted with student monies, booget). In fac~ this 
:and responsib le for ad- really only token renlllnl~ral:ion ;:;: 
;ministering them on behalf of f<r the time and energy put 
' tlxise it rep-esents, it must also by the various officers 

respoll'lible for reporting Speaking for ourselves, 
and if need be, justifying average 1~15 or more hours 

to the students. week performing wr A. 
expenditures or ac- functions, and others on 

unclertakE!n in the name Council make equally 
1\IS:"'~laIA:U Students are sacrifices of time they 

degree in which o!herwise spend in imlnrnvinl1 ;~; , 
the students; a gpi'S OR WORKING 

',: "", .. "" acti on which failed to an hour (if they were 
strably better realize the teresled in earning three 
of the students would the tread). The work that the A. 

,meed be misguided. S. does is a bsolutely necessary 
, It is the purpose, then, of the and even vital to tIE .""',, .... . :. 

ing A.s. Referendum to student welfare; 
the student body to representation on 

theA. S. Budget enacted ministrative and academic 
past year. committees invaluably , 
One issue the Council HAS promotes the interests 
n attacked on recently is siudents. 

of student government Moreover, the Council is 
:':' '',,,, lar", •• ". The allocation we cootinua1ly trying to anticipate 

an area of student student needs and initiate 
':':CC1nretrn is interded to represent sdutions (witness the proposed 

level of funding com- North County Commuter Bus 
with the value System, for instance); and, of 

rPC(!IVE!G from it, and one that ccurse, the Council is extremely 
will insure the efficiency, receptive to ideas or 
quality, and effectiveness of the suggestions for things it might 
projects in which the Council is do or improvements it could 
involved. Thus, the Council make. The fact that the number 

s~nds about a quarter of its of student government officers 
bLKIget on each of the following : receiving stipends has in-
Communications Board (TT, creased over the past several 

. KSDT, Third World , etc.); years merely reflects the ex-
: programming (concerts, Coffee pan90n of A. S. into greater 
: Hut entertainment, films, etc.); involvement in university 
:: and Student Clubs and goverrunent, community 
'. Organizations and Com- teraction, and the 
:; missioners Projects ( including aggressive and comprehensive 
" support for the.De1 Mar Food pursuit of student goals and 
:' lli-op, BSU, MECHA, and the 'objectives. Indeed, if the A. S. 
;, Siudent Legislative Advocacy were to soodenly disappear, 
; program in Sacramento, among would be sorely missed. 

others). We hope this letter will help 
Compensating its eleven dispel tbe misrepresentation of 

ers to encourage ex- facts and false innuendoes that 
.' .. """-"" on the Council itself is • DIMENSION has repeatedly 

for exactly the same promulgated. And jf Mr. Sills 
; accordingly, the $4,050 feels tha t he has not done 

, (rut of $76,500) for stipends is enough to DESERVE his 
:seen to be appropriate , stipend, he should in fact refund 
'reasonable, and even nominal it , 

Opinion ., 

Thou Shalt Not Dissent 
Jim 

Over the last several weeks I have been branded witb several 
names in this space. One gentleman denounced me as "Mr. 
lilnlde" (Le. "Mr. Clarley, Mr. Whitey"). Another calls me a 
"racist." And, in the most recent attack I am anti-women, anti-
black, anti.{;hicano, anti-iong hairs, anti-Vietnamese, and even 
anti-"etc." The usualinsults and smears are mildly amusing, of 
course, but why should they compel you to read all of my colWlUl 
today? 

Their importance, I think, lies in outlining what is considered 
to be "acceptable" political thought on this campus. What I'm 
talking about is the psychological pressure placed on dissenters. 
The sad truth is that most people would rather remain sil-ent 
than risk the label of "conservative" or "reactionary" or 
"racist." All of these smear words still have some shock value. 
and when I am so branded, you, dear reader, are invited to 
dismiss me as an evil man. 

'MR. HONKIE ' BY MICHAEL ANGUS 
So, let III review some of those names I was called, and some 

of the people who called them. The first title was Mr. Hoolde", 
given tome by ooe Michael Angus, who I have never met before 
or since. Mr. Angus scores me for "disregarding the truth" in a 
cdumn I wrote about Angela Davis. As an example he states as 
fact that Angela Davis purchased the weapons used in the San 
Marin Coun ty Courthouse shoot-out eight months before the 
incident. In fac~ of course, she bought the weapons in late July 
and early August, just afew weeks before the incident . 

Facts, however, are not really what's on Mr. A!€us's mind. 
He came to smear. "Finally , the outrage. Jim Sills, "Mr. 
H>nkie,' tries to tell us all exactly what It is the Black com-
munity wants." Mr. A~us is unhappy over certain repugnant 
facts I cited in the column . Namely, ~t Eldridge Cleaver got 
less than 5 percent in Harlem in 1968 running against Humphrey 
and Nixon, and even worse, that Dick Gregory got only three 
perrent of the Black vote when he ran for Mayor of Olicago in 
1007. His opponent : Richard C."fascist police" Daley. Now if 
such facts are allowed to stand, the whole my thology about how 
an Blacks are in radical revolt against " the racist power 
slructure" collapses into dust. 

Mr, Angus explains away these unpleasant election results by 
noting the "power of the media to maintain the status quo." In 
other words, only the wonderful, enlightened Black illuminati 
on campus knows what's good for all Black people. Why, those 
dumb Niggers in Cllicago don't know what's good for 'em! Come 
now Mr. Angus, has the fight for Negro sufferage really been 
toot meaningless? Or do the REAL Black people see their in-
terests lying with a liberal big spender like Dick Da ley , as 0p-
posed to a militant intellectual like Angela Davis? 

MISS lEMON USES PATRIOT PLAY 

Miss Rosalinda Lemon also favored me with a letter about 
Angela Davis. Hersnearwas the old "super-patriot" ploy. "So 
why don't you (Sills) just mount that white charger ei yours. you 

KENT STATE 

ills 
know, the one with the American flag engraved on the sad-
dlebags .... " 

Miss Lemon's contrill1tion to mis information was to claim 
that Miss Davis had been extradited from New York in a "a 
matter of days." Meanwhile it took " literally weeks" to ex-
tradite Manson family members. Get it? Stupid, Governor 
Rockefeller is a racist. In fact, however, it took two months 
(with appeals right up to the U.S. &!preme Court ) before Angela 
Davis was extradited to California. 

Next, we come to my favorite : "Politician as Recluse?" by 
Vincent Hollier. NOW, (J'iginally Mr. John ZaUer had killed an 
afternoon by interviewing me for a story in the Triton Times 
under the same title. Mr. Vincent Hollier was moved to com-
ment. Mr . Hollier and I are acquainted, and he describes me: 
"Cold, dry and impersonal, (Sills) ... goes about the thankless 
task of making UCSD safe for loyal Americans." 

ANOTHER 'SUPER-PATRIOT' PLOY 
Note the super-patriot ploy again ("safe for loyal 

Americans"). Now, this is a very interesting cornment from 
Vincent. I've known him for almost two years and on good terms 
until recently. I was involved in a referendum through which the 
students of UCSD declared their position to building 
takeovers, intimidation, window smashing aoo the like. 

Mr. Hollier was convinced that it was all a plot to justify 
"repression." A week after the election he came up, grabbed me 
by the lapels, and lifted me about 6 inches off the ground .. He 
informed me that I was a "fascist m. ... r L.r ." 

I have managed to stay out of arm's reach since, and have 
only had to endure him shouting "Fascist m .... r f. .. .r" every 
time he sees me around campus. How kind ofycu. Mr. Hollier, to 
brighten up my drab lit1le life with a IitUe excitement! Hollier 
coodudes by saying that I am a self-adrnitted "racist" (which I 
am not, admitted or otherwise) and tbe "watchdog of Third 
College" (which I also am not). 

CARVER'S INDICTMENT, ETC. 
Finally, we have the most recent cootribution, by Phillip 

Carver, Mr. Carver's indictment against me isso long it must be 
taken item by item. I have "considerable cootempt" for (1) 
Blacks ( 2) chicanos (~ ) women (4) long hairs (5) Vietnamese 
and (6) "etc." How did learn all ofthls? 

Well , I am anti-Btack because I don 't think Angela Davis is a 
nice person; anti-Oticano because I don't see any difference 
between a company exploiting grape pickers, and Cesar Clavez 
exploiting grape pickers ; anti-women because I objected to 
women being treated as sexual objects; anti-Vietnamese 
because I don't wish to see the South Vietnamese live under the 
same communist dictatorship afflicting the North Vietnamese. 
- I must confess, I don't know how I demoostrated dislike for 
"long hairs." And, finally, I am anti-"etc." To this last charge I 
emphatically admit my guilt, having always oonsidered "etc." 
to ~e a cheap syntactical manuever. 

The campus CAMPUS call in the Guard? :::================::, score: 4 students Here is what truly dead, 11 wounded. UNDER happened - and 
John Sebastian 
concert at 8:30 pm 

• 

Tomorrow 

HONDA CARS 

For Free 
Home Demo ... 
Call anyllme al 
272-5511 

Pacific Honda-1269 Garnet 

Now Pulitzer Pl;ze FIRE why. Including 
winner James Mich- portraits of key 
enel' reconstructs, hour people who have re-
by hour, the events that mained obscure - until 
led to the bloody climax. now. Condensed from 
He answers such ques- Michener's forthcoming 
tions as: Were outside book. One of 41 articles 
agitators involved in the & features in the March 
riot? Was it necessary to READER'S DIGEST 

f 
.. 

THE WORLO~ FOREMOS 

HyptlOfisf 
HAS SOM ETHING 
ESPECtALLY NtCE 
FOR YOU ON 
THURSDAY NIGHTS 

....... _,,~-._,.;1. 

PRtME Rt80tNNER __ ~4.9S 
t.HI,Me,. Cut 

J"",bo Sh,unp 01,,",,_.3.45 
F".d Chlchn 01 •• ,,_ .145 
(Incl . Intraot a 0. ... ,0 
'--......t:~::;~-... ' 

DINNER ..... ... 7:00 
SHO" TlME ... 9 :00 
--FREE--
POST'SHOW SES:SION 
STOP SMOKtNG' MEMORY · 
WEtGHT REDUCTION · 
CON~EHRATtON ' SELF-

CON't~NCE ' ---
EDUCAT'DNAL 

Sl 'GGESTIONS 

Triton Times February 26, 1971 Plge 5 



Ken Barrles, 

Arts Writer 

Record Review . 
On the crest Ii a revival of interest inJJriU,h traditional 

folk music, Pentangle and John ~m bave relell.'jed 
new albums emphatically withiilt1llc~enre. Actually 
"crest" is a rather grandiose term for wbat-is-5lill merely 
a minor "boomlet;" none of the leading practiUo~rs at 
the form (Fairport Convention and t'-ir.myriad off-
shoots, and penta!le) have achieftd more than 
moderate commerc' success in this country. On the 
other hand, they' e Ie,popular in EJlgland; and what 
with the inclusi fI aditional ballads in the repertoires 
of soch heavies 'rf'!~ (jlJohn Barleycorn'), Jefferson 
Airplane ("Good ~epblN';), and even ~ Zeppelin, who 
bludgeon "Gallows Pole," as they call it, half to death on 

• their latest waxmg and waning-the henomeoon' 
worthy of nole . (J 

Mer arriving. 
ga tion formed 

ansch and John 

Andre' Kole will be discussing and Illustrating with magical 
effects the subject "Do the Dead Return?" 00 Mooday night, 
May I, io the UCSD gymn. Admission Is $1. 

Page 6 Triton Ti mes February 26,1971 

Illusions, Magic, 
And Christ 

Andre' Kole is known as 
"America's leading illusionist" 
and is recognized as one of the 
world's foremost inventors of 
magical effects. He will be 
appearing on March 1 in the 
UCSD gymnasium at 8 p.m. 
Tickets are $1 and are available 
at the U.C.S.D. ho~ office in 
Urey Hall or at a table in the 
plaza from 10 to 1 Friday and 
Monday. 

Andre' Kole 's appearances 
have taken him to all 50 states 
and 43 countries of South 
America, Europe, Asia and 
Africa . He also appeared on 
national television in 30 coun· 
mes, and has given special 
appearances before presidents 
and ambassadors . 

For the past seven years Mr. 
Kole has devoted the major 
portion of his time to per· 
foc ming and speaking on the 
leading college and university 
campuses. At the present time 
he probably speaks to more 
college and university students 
throughout the world than any 
other person. In just one year he 
spoke to over fifty million 
people through his personal and 

television appearances. He is 
sponsored by Campus Crusade 
foc Olrist. 

During the course of the 
evening, Kole will be discussing 
the subject, "Do the Dead 
Return?" and illustrating it 
with magical effects. As an 
illusionist he has made a 
thorough study into this area. 
He will simulate a seance, 
discuss ESP and make some 
amazing predictions of his own. 
His show usually includes 
sawing his wife in two, but she is 
unable to travel at this time. 

A number of years ago 
Andre' Kole was challenged to 
investigate the miracles of 
Chr ist from the viewpoint of an 
illusionist. In making this in· 
vestigation he discovered some 
facts that changed the entire 
crurse of his life. He now uses 
hi'> unusual talent to present his 
discoveries. At the conclusion of 
the performance he shares how 
through this investigation he 
came to believe in Christ. 

Concert at 
8:30 pm 

Tomorrow 

John 
Sebastian 

Chamber Orchestra 
And Violinist 
To Perform 

The UCSD Chamber Or· 
chestra will present a concert 
under the direction of noted 
violinist Rafael Druian on 
Sunday, Feb. 28, at 8:30 p.m. 
The event will take place in 
room Zl50 of the Humanities 
and Social Sciences Building 
(20), Muir College. Admission 
is free . 

Druian, former con· 
certmaster for George Szell and 
the famed Cleveland Orchestra, 
is regarded as one of the leading 
artists of this country. 
Currently he is associate dean 
of music at the California In-
stitute of the Arts, and serves as 
music director for the Young 
Musicians Foundation, a 
resident company of the Music 
Center in Los Angeles. 

He has made numerous 
recordings of twentieth-century 
violin pieres and of chamber 
works; his most recent 
recording included four Mozart 
sonatas, with the late George 
Szell as pianist. 

This year Druian has been 
commuting to San Diego to 
direct the UCSD Chamber 
Orchestra . 

Sunday evening's program 
includes works by Bach, Bar· 
ber, Hindemith, and Haydn. 

Painted Silhouttes 
And Things 

I was in the Cluster I Library 
looking at the brightly colored 
paintings of Alex Katz. I 
stepped in front of a gentleman 

and excused myself only to find 
that the man was an Alex Katz 
cutout. I was embarrassed. 

Alex Katz is considered by 
many critics as one of 
Ameri ca's foremost 
representational painters. His 
painting style appears to be 
homologous in origin to Pop Art, 
and many feel that Katz' art 
was a major influence on 
several Pop Artists . 

Sub jects for Katz paintings 
are varying examples of 
Americana: a woman in a car 
against a rocky mountain 
scenario, men and women 
exercising in their swimsuits, a 
businessman with his fedora 
appropriately perched upon his 
head, housewives, people 
sporting upon chartreuse grass 
arxl figures juxtaposed "/;""'0<1. 
eoofederate·gray skies. 

F oc those art-buffs who are 
interested in seeing both sides 
of a painting, Katz' cutouts 
intrigue and delight you. You 
can look at the two-dimensional 
painted subjects from front and 
back. A pair of businessmen in 
controlled confrontation sit 
facing each other in their 
respective flannels. An un· 
decided yrung lady is turning, 
trying to decide which way to 
go. The aforementioned gen· 
tleman cabnly gazes at another 
Alex Katz painting, while the 
uneasy live art spectator makes 
hi'> way around him . 

The Katz exhibit is being 
shown at two locations : the 
larger works are upstairs in the 
Chlster I Library, and the 
smaller pieces will be 
premiered Saturday evening, 
February 27, at the UCSD Art 
Gallery on Matthews Campus. 

SAN FELIPE BASH ,~~ Morch 22- Morch 27 ~=/ 
• lodging on beach 

• round trip transportation 

• free fishing trip 

• free water skiing 

.- -

TRIP INCLUDES ~ c.!.F~~==~~::: 
• happy hours~nightly (dancing 

on beach with band) 

• special meal discounts 

COST $75 .00 

• week of relaxation on a 
beautiful Baja Beach 

For reservations and / or information call 224-6230 between 6 and 10 p.m. 

Attention Ski Bu ms 
You get five all day lift tickets, five days' loclging, breakfast 

and dinner. You also will have races, beer slal<ms, arxl 
whatever else happens. 

It 's all happening March 21·27, and it will also be while the 
other schools are still in session (which meam less skiEl's per 
square foot). 

The trip will cost: 
$63.35 without transportation (gas will cost about $55.00 per 

car, split among passengers) 
$103.85 with transportation (a big beautiful bus) 
Get YOII' ticket for happiness at the Urey Ticket Office 

(b:lttomofUrey Hall) on or before March 12 (deadline). 
For more information call: Don or Kirk at 453.u65 (after 6 if 

paisible) 

Doubles Tournament Postponed 
The Tennis Club tournament originally scheduled for Feb. 27, 

Saturday has been postponed to Saturday, March 6 due to an 
intercollegia te tennis match conflict. 

Ten nis Clu b Offers Lessons 
Students, faculty and staff are encouraged to sign up now for 

beginning and intermediate tennis lessons offered by the UCSD 
Tennis Club and conducted by Mike Cruikshank. 

Classes will meet for six weeks beginning Saturday, April 3. 
Fee . $2 per lesson, payment may be made at the time of the 
lesson. ;' 

Each class will be limited to 8 people, so call to register now 
(Ext. :1283, Barbara Durbin). 

Saturday (Revelle Court) 
Beginning. 9:00 • 10:30 a.m. 
Intermediate· 10:30 • 12 noon 
Intermediate - 12:00· 1:30 p.m. 
Wednesday (Matthews Courts) 
Intermediate· 3:00 • 4:30 p.m. 

U(SD Scores Clos'e Win Over Col -Lu the ran 
Both UCSD basketball teams scored 

close wins over Cal Lutheran College 
despite the long boring drive up to the 
place IaIt Tuesday. The varsity won by a 
single point, 81 to Ill, while the iWlior 
varsity had a slightly easier time of it, 
winning by three, 71 to 68. 

The junior varsity game was exciting 
from beginning to end as neither team 
was able to build a decisive lead, nor hold 
such leads as they were able to gain for 
very long. At halftime the Tritons held 
the slimmest of margins: UCSD 42, CLC 
41. The second half was much of the 
same; each basket turned the lead over 
to the other team, while the Tritons and 
the Kingsmen matched each other point 
for point. With but five minutes 
remaining the Tritons were still on top 75 
to 74, hardly a commanding lead. Mark 
Wilson, UCSD center, fouled out a little 
over a minute later, a loss that definitely 
put a crimp in Triton rebounding. 

With a minute and a half left to go, the 
score UCSD 80, CLC 79, Steve Hoch was 
temporarily disabled by a leg cramp, but 
returned a few seconds later. The 
situation was bad, however, as the score 
was tied and the Kingsmen had 
possession of the ball with only a little 

over a minute showi~ on the clock. 
However, luck, skill oc whatever was not 
on their side and they lost the ball 
seconds later on a bad pass. The Tritons 
then somehow managed to hold onto it for 
roughly 40 seconds until UC guard Jon 

~levier was fouled with 10 seconds 
remaining. He sank the first of two, all 
that was necessary as the Kingsmen 
failed to score on their trip down court. 

The varsity was shorthanded for the 
game, playing without the services of 
Brian Todd and Jeff Carlisle. The Tritons 
still placed four men in double figures: 
Steve Hoch with 27; Dave Wright with 19; 
the other starting guard, Dave Gregory 
18; and Mark Wilson, 11. Though playing 
at the guard position, Gregory led San 
Diego in rebounding with seven. Larry 
De Laittre of Cal Lutheran led both 
teams in scoring with 29 points, setting a 
Cal Lutheran single·season scoring 
record in the process. The Kingsmen 
were deadly from the field, shooting 56 
per cent, while the Tritons shot a 
respectable 45 per cent. The real dif· 
fereoce lay in the foul shooting, however, 
since the Kingsmen managed only 67 per 
cent freethrow.ing on their home court, 
while the visiting Tritons shot a 

remarkable 86 per cent from the line. 
Both JV teams were shorthanded also, 

as only eight Tritons suited up while the 
home team fielded seven. Three junior 
varsity team members suited up for the 
varsity game also to give Coach Cun· 
ningham's bench added depth if needed. 
At roe time in the varsity game Cal 
Lutheran oould only field four players, as 
one was injured and two had fouled out. 
In desperate need, the opposing coach 
had to resort to playing the injured man, 
who hobbled around with limited speed . 
Despite this advantage, which lasted for 
the final two minutes , the Tritons who 
were worned about foul trouble them· 
selves could only manage a three point 
winning margin on Malcohn King's final 
free throw. Geoff Kostyshak again 
turned in an ruts tanding performance for 
the Tritons, scoring 19 points and pulling 
down 14 rebounds. Tom Bruice helped out 
with 14 points and 11 rebounds. High 
scorer for the Kingsmen was Malcohn 
Quells , who kept his team in the game by 
scoring 18 points. 

Tcnight the Tritons will play their final 
home game of the season against Biola . 
The JV game will be at 6 p.m. and the 
varsity will follow at 8 p.m. 

Fencers 10-0 in Conference 
Looking Forward to Championships 

UCSD fa ns , including acting 
Chancellor Herbert York and 
his wife. 

Croquet Tournament Postponed r 

The uam Fencing Team, 
cooched by Jim White, con· 
cluded their schedule of dual 
meets last Saturday with a 
vi'tory over Cal State L<>:'6 
Beach. The Tritons have 
rEmained undefeated in league 
competition with an un· 
blemished 10-0 record. The 
Long Beach meet, forecasted as 
an easy win for the Tritons, was 
made much closer with the 
injury of UCSD's sabre captain. 
The sa bre team lost to Long 
Beach 5-4 and the epeeists fell 
6-3. 

The men's foil team captured 
second place in their con. 
fereoce, while the sabre and 
epee teanns each finished third. 
Their performance qualifies 
them for participation in the 
Southern California Fencing 
Championships to be held this 
Saturday' at San Fernando State 
College. 

In three weeks, the varsity 
squad will travel to San 
Francisco to compete in the 
Western In tercollegia te Fen· 
cing OIampionships. Fif~n 
teams from schools west of the 
Mississipp will provide the 
trughest competition yet faced 
by the Tritons, who are now in 
their second season of fencing. 

The Croquet Tournament originally scheduled for Sa turday, 
March 13 has been postponed due to an insufficient number of 
participants. Current plans call for a rescheduled tournament in ....-
May. 

Resuurcefulne .. 
psycholugy. becom ing 
is u • .•. philOloph y 
chi lelren '. book. 
li~tion. paelr.v 

U . . & foreign 
paperbacks 
magazine, 

pO$ter& 
records 

cord. 
James tell u-

" if any of you lack wi dom , elelig/ •• 
joy let him ask of God, who gi\ es 10 all 

men generou I. and without reproac h, 
and it will be gh·en to him . '(Jal11 es 1:5) 

New ... come and Find oul whal He has to offerl 

EARIH.SONG 
HOOK STORE 

Call Linda Peyton 274·4945; Ray Nichol 274-3172 
Dia ne Ramsey 453-4252 

U.C. First Baptist Church 

1440 Camino del Mar Del Mar 755·4254 
Gfnessee & Miramar-Sfryites all;30-11 a.m.-

Sunday SIMol 9:45 a.m. 

$ 

$ 

Nothing's more useiess at tax time than a stack of rent receipts. Yet most renters don 't realize how 
easy it is to OWDa new home and how big a tax advantage comes with ownership. 

Pacific Soledad homeowners get nearly 1/ 3 oftheir total payments back as a tax dollar gain ... year 
after year! And Jook at these other advantages . Their payments (unlike rent) never go up. They build 
equity in their home. They (not their landlord) enjoy steadily rising real estate appreciation. All 
together, many homeowners find that when they finally sell, they've lived virtually "Free". (To say 
nothing of the fact that they've lived better: more space, amenities and freedom.) 
Here's how it could work for you. ~t's say you pay $175 a month. That's $21,000 in the next 10 years. 
But if you buy at Pacific Soledad .( $35,950 on a 3O·year FHA loan) your principal and interest 
deductions would provide a tax dollar gain of $10,500 during those same years. And you'd have $4 31l 
in equity plus apiece of property probably more val~ble than when you bought it. ' 

JOINT PURCHASE-ANOTHER WAY ro TAME THE TAX BITE 

It's als~ practical for two singles to buy a home jointly. Each person rereives $5,250 in tax dollar gain, 
and their effective monthly payment is only $1 W. And the joint purchase isn 't complicated. Vesting Ii 
title, buy and sell agreements, etc. can be tailored to your desires and best interests. 

For the details showing exactly what the tax difference between renting and buying can mean to you 
visit Pacific Soledad today ... 0ffI-5 at Garnet, west to Soledad Mt. Rd., then north to Randall and t~ 
model; or call Bob Waybourn, project manager at 2'12-3968. 
PAOFIC SOLEDAD 
2459 Beryl St. 

An activity of the U.S. Financlal Group 
On the average, $175 per month rents a 650 sq. ft. apartment in a high densty building, one uncovered 
parking space and no view. If you can afford this, you can probably afford a Pacific Soledad home 
with 3 bedroom~, 2 1/ 2 baths, 1,675 sq. It . net living area, carpeted, fenced, landscaped, two 
fireplaces, self·deaning double oven range, dlsh-washer, patio, balcony, cable TV, 2 car garage and 
a great Mission Bay View. 

$ 

$ 

Ttl! men's foil team tied up 
the rompetition at 13-13 with one 
bout yet to finish. Foil captain 
Mike Jones came from a 4-3 
deficit to top his Long Beach 
opp(JJent and save the meet. His 
exciting brut was applauded by 

ONCE IN A LIFETIME OPPORTUNITY 
for the ADULT MOVIEGOER see 
the STRONGEST most EXPLICIT, 

most ENLIGHTEN ING and FINEST 
'..£.~rlolionpicture ever produced:WE 'STA KE 
OUR 10 YEAR REPUTATION THAT THIS IS 
THE ONE YOU'VE BEEN WAIT ING FOR. 
(If you are easily offended by total sexual explicitness, please 
do nol 

AMERICA 
CAUGHT 
WITH 
ITS 
PANTS 
DOWN 

THE EROTIC TRANSITION 
.. PLUS SECOND FEATUF:E 

CALL THE THEATRE FOR UNPR 'NTABlE 
2ND FEATURE · AND THE HOTTIEST 16MM 

LOOPS EVE R PRODUCED. 
..... ~---:I 

Triton Times February 26, 1971 Page 7 



FRIDAY, 
February 26 

MEETINGS-l :30 p.m., TV 
room; Arab student union of 
San Diego . Bring records, 
phono, tapes. 
DRAMA--8 :30 p.m. , Council 
Olamber of the Aztec Center, 
SDSC: "Deus Ex Machinist" 
For more info call 453-n561 or 

4fB~. 
FOLK DANCING-6 p.m., in 
front of Urey Hall ; all those 
interested in dancing at the 
Intersection, a coffee house in 
Los Angeles , please cOrI)e. 

8 p.m. , 201 Matthews; in-
struction 

9:30 p.m., 201 Matthews; open 
dancing. 
SPORTS-5wimming - 3:30 
pm., UCSD vs. SDSC there. 

Basketball-S p.m., 8 p.m., 
UCSD vs . Biola here. 

MO~-7:30 p.m., USB 2722; 
"Bullitt. " 
MUSIC-8:15 p.m., Recital 
Hall, Music Building, SDSC; 
harpsichordist Margaret Long 
Crouch performs "The Ac-
companied Keyboard Sonata of 
the 18th Century". 

8:30 p.m., San Diego Com-
munity Concourse Theatre; San 
Diego Symphony Orchestra. 

9 p.m., Coffee Hut; Marko 
and David Electric Blues. Be 
there or be square. 
PARTY-3:30pm., Coffee Hut; 
TGIF party sponsored by Alpha 

Sigma Phi. Refre hments 
provided. 
RADIO-Three days of 
testimony by Vietnam veterans 
on American war crimes in 
Indo-China will be broadcast on 
KPFK all day Friday and 
&!turday, Feb. 26-27. 

If 
you are interested in motor (ydes 

w. nltd ° 10m pus rop. 
your dout and our plan equals bread 

and benefits for IOU 

No phone calls 
Stop in and see John 

?AC~r~C 
YAMA~A 

1556 .Irnat IVa 
Icific "lIch 4 .. ·.555 

EUROPE 
HOLIDAYS YOU CAN AFFORD 

Round trip jet via TW A 
6 wk tour 11 countries $795. 
9 wk tour 13 CI untries $995. 
10 wk tour 14 tOU tries incl. 
7 day cruise of 
Greek Is. $1195. 
Students on j fa culty only 
Box 726, Siena Madr., Co. 91024 

J Z1pt1"~1l 
25(BEER 
entertainment 

nightly 
Silverado & Fay 

La Jolla 

SATURDAY, 
February 27 

LECl'URE-ll a.m., Christian 
Science Church, 1270 Silverado, 
La Jolla, wThe Continuity of 
Good," Free. 
MEETING-l :30 p.m., TV 
room, Revelle, Arab Student 
Union, Bring records, phono, 
and tapes. 
CAFE HA AM-a p.m., Revelle 
Informal LolUlge, there will be 
folk dancing and refreshments. 
Reforestation Project-
CanceUed 
NATURAL HEALTH CLUB-a 
pm., Revelle Formal Lounge, 
all invited. 
COFFEE HUT EN· 
TERTAINMENT-9:30to 12:30, 
Marko and David Electric 
Blues. Be there or be square. 
SPORTS-l p.m., Rugby, UCSD 
vs. UC Riverside, there. 

11 am., Southern California 
Fencing Championships, LA 
Valley. 

TBA, Wrestling, NAIA 
District III Tournament at Cal 
Lutheran. 
RADIO--ll a.m., "Runaway 
World," (KECR (93.3) hear a 
panel of students discuss the 
topic of premarital sex. 
CONCmT--8:30 p.m., UCSD 
gym, John Sebastian in concert, 
Admission: UCSD students $1, 
other students $2.50, general 
public $3. 

SUNDAY, 
February 28 

MUSIC-8:30 pm., 2250 2D; 
UCSD Chamber Olorus Or-
che!tra. 
SUNDA Y NIGHT SUP-
PER-5:30 p.m.; Several 
students who are interested in 
intercultural exchange meet 
every Sunday in various local 
homes to talk and eat together. 
Phone Xl940 for location. 

MONDAY, 
March 1 

MOVIES-7 p.m., USB 2622; 
"Struggle for Life", a 
propaganda film on the war 
explaining why we should 

s\4>port medical aid to the 
enemy. Sot donation. 

7:30 pm., 201 Matthews; 
"People's War", movie about 
Vietnam, to be followed by 
speaker and discusson on the 
People's Peace Treaty. Free. 

ANNOUNCEMENTS 
Beach Area Free Clinic needs 
crash pads. H you are in-
terested and live in the dorms 
call Mimi at 7~133. 

For the next month there is an 
art !bow by Diddo Clark in Urey 
Hall. 
Multi·Ethnic Theatre is a 
drama and writing workshop 
sponsored by Northshores Adult 
School. More info call 454-1020. 

COFFEE HUT 
ENTERT AINMENT 

Mark & David 
Electric Blues 

Friday 8 to 12 
Saturday 9:30 to 12:30 

Be there or Be Square 

YES~ THERE IS 
AN AL TERNA TIVE! 

Sat., Feb. 27 
Can', ge' in '0 see l.S. 
Come 10 ,lte So,. Flicks 

7 p.m. Sumner Aud. (Scripps) 

"VIVA MAX" 
Peter Ustinov 

Johnathan Winters 

plus Laurel & Hardy 
in "TWO TARS" 

plus from "Uncle Walt" 
PIGS IS PIGS 

and 
BEN AND ME 

Tickets available 

at the Urey Hall Box OHice 

, and allhe door. G 

~~ 
PAge' Triton Times FebrUArY 26, 1971 

CLASSIFIEDS 
Personal, 

Income tax, Federal and State 
returns preparations. Discount 
for students, staH, and faculty. 
call 453-7701. 

131 5-31 12·4/ 2-41 9) 
Need one (girl) roommate to 
SNre a large house with three 
others and a plano and a fire 
place. 577.50 a month. 755·7621. 

(2/26) 

LiHIe C's Pina Treat 
453-6455 

Largeor X·Large Pina 
This ad worth 50( off . 

(Good thru March 4.) 
(3/2) 

Male students partl full time, 53 
hr. plus scholarship. Call 224· 
2864. (R) 

Wanted ride to P.B. to Garnet 
and Lanont. M· F 5 p.m. sharp. 
X1362 or 273-4198. K. Smith. 

(2/26) 

Reliable Baby sitter 2 to 3 days 
a week. Hrs. flexible. My home 
own transportation. 453-4355. 

(2/26) 

College student to live in, in 
exchange for light housekeeping 
and baby sitting . 453·4355. 

(21 26) 

Travel 
Eu rope Cha rters . Severa I 
schedules from 5250 roundtrip, 
5150 one way . Coordinator : 
Professor Margaret Paal 247 
Roycroft, Long Beach. 90803. 
213·438·2179 . 

(3/12) 

$269 RT LA to Europe 61 16 to 
91 15 or 61 30 to 91 8 
Large Savings on cars and 
charter flights to Israel, 
Greece, other countries. 
Prof. Bentler UC. (213) 277·5200 
cl 0 Sierra Travel of Beverly 
Hills 9875 Santa Monica Blvd., 
Los Angeles, 90212 

(3/121 
EUROPE : 5225· $210 . Also 
ISRAEL and JAPAN Spring 
and Summer flights available 
call 755·3990 after 5 p.m., or 
write E.S . E.P.-UCSD 1217 
Beverly Blvd., Los Angeles, 
c.lif. 

(51 11) 
Europe charters. 50 Depar· 
tures, also from N.Y., Afrle., 
India, Israel. 60% Off. Free 
info: EASC, 323 N. Beverly Dr., 
Beverly Hills, Calif., "210. 
Phone: (213) 276·6293. 

(5/11) 

Europe Jet Charfer Flights. 
Spring Special. MIIrch 30 thru 
JWle 15 - S261. Plus full 
summer program. c.n leslie 
512·9091 aHer 5. 

( (R) 

Services 
Live·in position . Room wanted 
by ferNIle gradua" student 
nur campus. Tel: FREIA e/O 
453·0115. c.lI I .. : 45 a .m. or 
aHer 1 p.m. (2/26) 

Is Your Auto Sick or Tired 
Try James Automotive Service 
American and Foreign Cirs 
Repilirs and Pollution Control. 
Student Discount 7741 Herschel 
La Jolla (In the rear) 459·9111 

(R) 
Typing ... Experienced typo 
ist. . . Term papers, theses. 
E leetrie typewriter. Will do 
rush jobs. 453·6135. (R) 
Typing - for accurate Typing 
on electric pica - term papers, 
theses, manuscripts, etc. Call 
Mrs. McCroskey 287·1607. 

DISTINCTIVE TYPING 
IBM EXECUTIVE 

(R) 

Service on Schedule. Modest 
Rates . Satisfaction is the end 
product. Helen 459·8881 (n) 
Students wife would like full 
time baby siHing lob. 525 per 
week. Experienced with 
references. 453·0525. 

(2/26) 

For Sale 
'70 Fiat 124 Spider, 5·speed 
AMI FM Tonneau cover. 224· 
9n9. 

For Sale by owner 
A home with an income on one 
third acre. Fruit trees and 
garden. Must be seen to be 
appreciated. Make offer. 753-
2980. (3 /9) 
For Sale: Remington 
rifle with 4X scope and lOala,"~. 
equipment plus extras. 
call 755-7803 evenings. 

Yamaha · 1966 loocc twin, lust 
broken in after engine rebuild. 
Good transportation and 
potential dirt bike. Best offer 
over 5100. 453-6539 ask for 
Wilson Jill. 

(2·26) 
1967 OIItsun, 4 door sedan, 
automatic with radio. Good 
condition. $"5. Phone Xl072 or 
454·7352. 
Waterbeds, Best made, 
guaranteed • King Size , x 7 • 
S34.50, Single 6 x 4 . 523.50, 222· 
9175 evenings. 

(2/26' 
'62 Chevy for Sale. Very good 
condition. S250 or best offer. 755-
7.3. (3/21 

Underwa"r Camera Nlkonos II 
with ul w flash and close.uP 

. lens. 5211f or best offer. Ph. 45,.. 
1692. (2/ 261 

A BETTER BEDI King Sill 
wate, bed. ,555.00. The Water 
Hole, 4212 EI c.lon Blvd., 210· 
2611. (R) 

EUROPE - ISRAEL - EAST AFRICA 
• Student travel discounts 
• Official SOFA agent for over 2000 inter·European student 
charter flight 
• International Student 10 cord 
• 2 month student Eurailpass $125 
• 3 weeks camping in Russia and Czechoslovakia $156 
• 5 weeks camping in Spain, Portugal and Morocco $230 
• london·Capetown 7 week African Safari ${).41 
CONT ACT: ISCA 

11687 Son Vicente Blvd. 14 
l. A. Calif. 900.49 
(213) 826·5669 

NOll VIINV!>aIO 11:lOl4·NQH 


